By some philosophers unhapplness Is be
lieved—rather than coming from depriva
tion or infliction— to result from the indi
vidual's failure to select from a number
of possible occupations one . that would
afford him entire satisfaction with ! life
and himself. To this perverese blind
ness they attribute the dissatisfaction
with great wealth traditional of men
who. have It The fault, they contend; is
not with wealth Inherently. The most
they will admit against money is that^the
possession of much of It tends to destroy
that Judicial calm necessary, to a wise
choice of recreations: to Incline the pos
sessor, perhaps, toward those that are un
salutary. . ..-¦¦'¦
HOW THE FIRST GENERATION ONCE
RIGHTED ITSELF. .
CHAPTER II.
Joining the bedraggled caravan over the
Carson trail,* he continued . his course of
bitter hardship In % the Washbe Valley.
From a patch of barren sun baked | rock
and earth, three miles Iongi and -a:, third
of a mile \ wide, , high . up ' on , the ' eastern
slope of Mount 'Davidson, he beheld • more
millions taken > out 'than the wildest en
thusiast a had -ever ;.- before tto
dream of. : But Petef Bines was a luckless
unll ' of the " majority • that \ had,' perforce,
to live ! on '• the jhope ¦¦¦ produced ; by ; others'
findings. ; The,- time', for bis ; strike had
not com*.";-*';?/ /'_[') ¦ ' v ,'.;"">:';-;
For ten years more half -clad In flannel
ehlrt and overalls, he lived In flimsy
tents, tattered canvas bouses and : some-
Back In 1850, a young man of 24, he had
joined the rush to California, working his
passage as deckhand on a vessel that
doubled the Horn. Landing without cap
ital at San Francisco, • the little seaport
settlement among the "~; shifting yellow
sand-dunes, he had worked six weeks
along the docks as roustabout for money
to take him back Into - the hills whence
came the big fortunes and the bigger tales
of fortunes. .'¦• For six years he worked
over the 'gravelly benches of me Califor
nia creeks for vagrant particles of gold.
Then, In the late fifties, he Joined a mad
stampede to the". Frazer River gold fields
In BrltiHh § Columbia. Tnence, in the
sixties, the mining world being still wild
over its first ! knowledge of silver \ sul
phurets, h« was drawn back to . the won
der tales of the Comstock lode; '.•-;'- yr'^vj
times holes In the ground. One abode of
luxury, long cherished in memory, was
a ¦ ten-by-twelve redwood shanty on
Feather River. It not only boasted a
window, but there was a round bole In
the "shake" roof, fastidiously cut to fit
a stovepipe..- That he. never possessed a
stovepipe had made this .feature of the
architecture not less sumptuous and en
gaging. : He lived chiefly on salt pork
and beans, cooked over smoky campflres.
Through It all he was the determined,
eager, confident prospector, never for an
Instant prey to even the suggestion of a
doubt that he would not shortly be rich.
Whether, he washed the gotuen specks
from the sand of a sace brush plain or
sought the mother ledge of some. wander-
Ing golden child, or dug with his pick to
follow a promising surface lead, he knew
it to be only the matter of time when his
day should dawn. He was of the make
that wears unbending hope as Its birth
right.
Some day the Inexhaustible placer would
be found; or, on a mountainside where
the porphyry was stained, he would care
lessly chip off a fragment of rock, turn
It up to the sun, and behold it rich in
ruby silver; or, some , day, the vein • In
stead of pinching out, would widen; there
would be • pay ; ore almost * from * the : grass
roots— rich, ~; yellow, " free-milling gold.' ] so
that he could put up a little arastra, beat
out'- enough* in a X week to buy j a small
stamp' mill, and; then. In six. months— >
' Ten ': years 7; more of '- this fruitless ), but
nourishing 'certainty -were his— ten: years
• of the 'awful solitude, shared sometimes
by bis hardy and equally confident wife,
end, at the last, by bis boy. who had be
come old enough to endure with bis fath
er the snow and lea of the mountain tops
1 Almost in front of him, a few yards up
the mountainside, he looked squarely at
the mother of his float; a huge bowlder of
projecting silicate. It was there.
¦ During ¦. the following week he ascer
tained the dimensions of his vein of sil
ver ore, and located two claims. He
named them "The Stars and Stripes" and
"The ; American Boy,", paying thereby
what be considered tributes equally de
served to his native land and to hia. only
son; Daniel, In whom were centered hla
At sunset be would have stopped for the
day, cairplng on the spot. He looked
above: to estimate the ground he could
cover on the morrow.
At bis feet, one July morning In 1870.
be noticed a piece of dark stained rock
In a mass of drift fones. So small was
It that to have' gone a few feet to either
side would have been to ralas It. He
picked it up and examined It leisurely.
It was rich in silver.
Somewhere, then, between him and the
mountain top was the parent stock from
which this precious fragment had been
broken. 'The sun beat hotly upon him as
it had on other days through all the hard
years when certainty, after all, was noth
ing - more : than : a temperamental faith.
All day" he climbed. and searched method
ically, stopping at noon to eat with an
appetite: unaffected by hla prospect.
and the withering Leat ef the alkali
wastes.
Footsore, hungry most of the time, al
ternately burned and -frozen, he lived the
life cheerfully and : tirelessly, with an
enthusiasm that never faltered.
'Whin his day came it brought no sur
prise, so freshly certain had he kept of
Its coming through the twenty years of
search.
to do otherwise. He considered It no med
dling, however, to remember that Mrs.
Daniel J. Bines, widow of his late em
ployer, could appear neither young nor
beautiful to the most sanguine of news
gatherers; nor to remember that he hap
pened to know she had not accompanied
her husband on his last trip of Inspection
over t_e Kalso division of the Sierra
Northern Railway. '
. Besides the directions and the telegram
from Toler, Billy Brue took with 'him
a copy of the Bkiplap Weekly l Ledge,
damp from the press and containing the
death notice of Daniel J. Bines, a notice
sent out by the News Association/which
Billy Brue read with Interest as be started
up the trail. The item concluded thus:
"The "young 'and beautiful Mrs. Bine's,
who had been accompanying .her husband
on , his < trip of Inspection over : the Sierra
Northern. Is prostrated ' with grief at the
shock of his sudden death." .
Billy ,. Brue : mastered this piece * of In
telligence after six readings, but he re
frained from ' comment, beyond thanking
God, In thought, that he could mind his
own business under excessive provocation
would have tramped no great distance In
the ten days he had been gone. The
searchers, therefore, were directed to
beat up the near-by country. To Billy
Brue was allotted the easiest as being the
most probable route. He was to follow
up Paddle Creek to Four Forks, thence
over the Bitter •Root trail to Eden,
on to Oro Fino and up over Lit
tle Pass to Hellandgone. . He was
to proceed slowly, to be alert for signs
along the way, and to make inquiries of
all he met. *
"You're likely to get track of Uncle
Peter," said Pangburn, . "over along the
west side of Horseback Ridge, Just be
yona Eden. When he pulled out he was
talking about some likely floatrock he'd
picked up over that way last summer.
YouM-ought to make that by to-morrow,
seeing you've got a good horse and the
trail's been mended this spring. Now you
spread yourself out, Billy, and when you
get on to the Ridge make a special look
all around there." -,
It was thus Billy Brue found him at the
end of his second day's search. A little
off the trail, at the entrance to a pocket
of the canyon, he towered erect to peer
down when he heard the noise of the mes
senger's ascent. Standing beside th© bowl
der of gray granite, before a background
of the gnarled dwarf cedars, his hat off.
hia blue shirt open at the neck, hla bare
forearms brown, hairy and muscular, a
hammer In his right hand, hla left resting
lightly on nia , hip. . he might have been
the Titan that had forged the bowlder
at hi3 side, pausing : now for breath be
fore another, mighty task. Well over
six feet tail. itlU straight m any ©X
And so he loitered through the moun
tains, resting here, climbing there, mak
ing, always a shrewd, close reading of the
recks. .
Each spring the old man grew restive
and raw like an unbroken colt. And when
the distant mountain peaks began to
swim In their summer haze and the little
rushing rivers sang to him. pleading t&at
he come once more to follow them up, he
became uncontrollable. Every year at
this time he alleged, with a show of irri
tation, that his health was being sapped
by the pernicious Indulgence of sleeping
on a bed Inside a house. He alleged, fur
ther that stocks and bonds were but
shadows of wealth, that the old minea
might any day hecomo exhausted, and
that security for the future lay only in
having one member of the family, at
least, looking up new pay-rock against
the ever possible time of adversity.
"They alnt got to makln' calendars yet
with the rainy day marked on "em," he
would say. "A'most any one of them In
nocent lookln' Mondays or Tuesdays or
Wednesdays Is liable to be it when rou
get right up on to It- 1*11 have to start my
old bones out again, I see that. Thing*
are beginnln* to green up a'ready."
When he did go It was always under
stood to be positively for not more than
two weeks. A list of his reasons for ex
tending the time each year to three or
four months would constitute the Ideal
monograph on human duplicity. When
hard pushed on bia return, he bad once or
twice been even brazen enough to assert
that he had lost his way in the mountain
fastnesses. But, for all his protestations,
no one when he left in June expected to
see him again before September at the
earliest. In these solitary tours he was
busy and happy. ~ working and playing.
"Work." he would say, "Is something you
want to get done; play la something you
Jest like to be doin'. Snoopln' u? these
gulches la both of 'em to me."
BILLY BRUE FINDS HIS MAN.
CHAPTER IIL
Parigburn. the mine superintendent, on
receipt of the news, dispatched five men
on the search in as many different direc
tions. The old man was now 74. '"'and
Pangburn had noted when last they met
that he appeared to be somewhat less
agile and vigorous than , he had been
twenty years before; from which It was
fair to reason that he might be playing
bis solitary came at a leisurely pace, and
The most promising plan Toler could
devise was to wire the superintendent of
the One Girl mine at Sklplap. The elder
Bines, he knew, had passed through Skip
lap about June 1 and had left, perhaps,
•ome Inkling of his proposed route; If It
chanced. Indeed, that he had' taken the
trouble to propose one. r f '.'.'.
There promised to be delay in reaching
the other two. The son would early read
the news, Toler decided, unless perchance
he were off at sea, since the death of a
figure like Bines would be told by every
daily newspaper 4n the country. He tele
rraphed. however, to the young man's
New York apartments and to a Newport
address on the chance of finding him.
Locating old Peter Bines at .this season
of the year was a feat never lightly to be
undertaken, nor for any trivial end. It
being now the 10th of June. tt. could be
known with certainty only that in one of
four States he was prowling through
some wooded canyon, toiling o\'er a windy
pass or scaling a mountain sbeerly. In
his ancient and best loved sport of pros
pecting. Knowing his habits, the rashest
g-uesser would not have attempted to ray
more definitely where the old man might
be. ¦¦ */¦¦ ~.;t>.:.>
And now the central figure had gone
¦uddenly. at the age of B2. after the way
of certain men who are quick, ardent and
generous In their living. From his luxu
rious private car, lying on the e'de track
at the dreary little station. Toler, pri
vate secretary to the millionaire, had tel
egraphed to the headquarters of one Im
portant railway company the death of its
president, and to various mining, mil'ins:
and lumbering companies the death of
their president, vice president or man
aging director, as the case might be. For
the widow and only daughter word of the
calamity had gone to a mountain report
not far from the family home at Montana
City.
Then In rapid eneoesslen will fol
low that thrllllna- new Amerloan
novel, "The Master of Applebr," by
Francis Lrnni ••Crittenden.," by
John Fox Jr.i "The Twe Vaurevels,**
by Booth Tarklna-ton* whose famous
novel. "The Gentleman from Indi
ana.** has Just been concluded In
these pogeti "The Turnpike House,"
by Ferarus Hume, etc, etc
Copyright, 1902, by Lottrop Publishing Os.
All rights reserved.
CHAPTER L *
THE SECOND GENERATION IS RE
MOVED.
WHEN Daniel J. Bines died of
apoplexy In his private car at
Kaslo Junction no one knew
Just where to reach either his
old father or his young son
viith the news of his death. Somewhere
up the eastern elope of the Sierras the old
man would be leading, as be bad long
chosen to lead each summer, the lonely
life of a prospector. The young man.
tv. j years out of Harvard and but recent
ly back from an extended European tour,
was at some point on the North Atlantic
coast, beginning the season's pursuit of
happiness as he listed.
Only in a land eo young that almost the
present dwellers therein have made It
might we find Individualities which so de
cisively failed to blend. So little con
gruous was the family of Bines in root,
branch and blossom that it might, in
deed, be taken to picture En epic of West
ern life as the romancer would tell it.
First of the line stands the figures of
Feter Bines, the pioneer, contemporary
with the Etirrlr.gr days of Fremont, of Kit
< arton, of Harney and Bridger. the fear
less Etrlvers toward an ever-receding
West, fascinating for Its untried dangers
f.s for Its fabled wealth— the sturdy, grave
men who fought and tolled and hoped,
end realized In varying measure, but who
led In sober truth a life such as the col
ors of no tale-teller shall ever be high
enough to reproduce.
Next came Daniel J. Bines, a type of
the builder said organizer who followed
the trail blazed by the pioneer; the genius
who, finding the magic realm opened,
forthwith beeamt Its exploiter to Its vast
renown and his own large profit, coining
Its wealth of minerals, lumber, cattle and
grain, and adventurously building the
railroads that must always be had to
'drain a new land of savagery.
Nor, would there be wanting a third— a
figure, of this present day, containing In
potency at least the stanch qualities of
his two rugged forbears— the venturesome
spirit that set bis restless grandslre to
roving westward, the power to group and
co-ordinate, to "think three moves
ahead.** which bad made his father a man
ef affairs: and. further, he had something
modern of his own that neither of the
ethers possessed, and yet which came as
the Just fruit of the parent vine; a dispo
sition perhaps a bit lees strenuous. turn-
Ins back to the risen rather than forward
to the setting eun; a tendency to rest a
llttls from the toll and tumult; to culti
vate some graces subtler than those of
adventure and commercialism; to make
the most of what had been done rather
than strain to the doing of needless more;
to live. In short, like a philosopher and a
ffentlezcan who has more golden dollars
a year than either philosophers or gentle
men are wont to enjoy.
That Is one el the best features
af The fee* day Call's literary policy.
Too net only sjet the very latest
novels by the most famous writers
In the world, but you a*et them
•.ulck. There axe not long wait*
between Installments and no Inter
minable series of -Continued In onr
next** oatch lines.
In irrarlBf this book, which haa
universally been described as "the
¦Treat American novel," The Sunday
Call created a veritable Journalistic
trlnropb, for there haa never been
written a book which deals vrlth
modem life in both the Hut and
the Writ In tocb a strong, terse,
thrilling* manner h "The Spender***
d»«s. It has been aptly "described
mm a "novel of new method," per
haps more became it reveal*, In an
absolutely unique trty, why Amer
ica Is the srreat money-making? na
tion of the earth, than for the 1a*
dnatlmc love theme that pervade*
It. "The Spenders" In this form
will he tremendously- popular.
Is the First Install-
A ment of- "The Spenders,"
by Harry Leon Wilson, with
the original illustration of
O'Neil Latham, the famous
New York Artist.
A year of European travel had followed
for the family, a year of spending the
new money lavishly for strange, long
dreamed-of luxuries— a year In which the
money was Joyously proved to be real.
Then came a year of tentative residence
In the East. That year was less satis
factory. The novelty of being sufficiently
fed. clad and sheltered was losing- its fin*
Penniless and constrained to a life of
privation, Peter Bines had been strangely
happy. Rich and of consequence to a
community where the ways were all of
pleasantness and peace. Peter Bines be
came restless, discontented, and. at last,
unmistakably miserable.
"It can't be because I'm rich, he ar
gued; "It's a sure thing my money can't
keep me from doin' Jest what I want t»
do." t
Then a suspicion pricked him: for he
had, in his years of solitude, formed the
habit of considering. In a leisurely and
hospitable manner, even the reverse sides
of proposition* that are commonly ac
cepted by men without Question.
"The money can't prevent me from
doin' what I Jest want to— certain— but,
maybe, don't It? If I didn't have It I'd
fur sure be back In the hills and happy,
and so would Evalina. that ain't had
hardly what you could call a good day
Bince we mada the strike."
On this line of reasoning tt took Peter
Bines no long time to conclude that he
ought now to enjoy as a luxury what he
had once been constrained to as a ne
cessity.
"Even when I was poor and had to hit
the trail I Jest loved them hills, so why
ain't, it crafty to pike back to 'em now
when I don't have to?"
His triumphant (male was:
""When you come to think about It, a
rich man ain't really got any more ex
cuse fur beln* mls'able than a poor man
has!"
Back to the big hills that called him he
had gone; away from the cities where
people lived "too close together and too
far apart"; back to the green, rough
earth where the air was free and quick
and a man could see a hundred miles, and
the people lived far enough apart to be
neighborly. —
There content had blessed him again;
content not slothful but Indtlns; a con
tent that embraced his own beloved
West, fashioning first In fancy and then
by deed its own proud future. He nad
never ceased to plan and stimulate
Its growth. He not only became one
with its manifold Interests, but
proudly dedicated the younc Daniel to Its
further making. He became an ardent
and bigoted Westerner, with a scorn for
the East so profound that no Easterner's
scorn for the West hath ever by any
chance equaled It.
Prospecting with the simple outfit of
eld became bis relaxation, bis sport, and,
as he aged, bis hobby. It was said that
he haa exalted prospecting to "the dignity
of an art, and no longer hunted gold as a
pot hunter. He was even reputed to have
valuable deposits . "covered" . and certain
It Is that after Oeede made his rich find
on Mammoth Mountain In 1890. Peter
Bines met him in Denver and gave him
particulars about the vein which as yet
Creede had divulged to no one. Ques
tioned later concerning this, Peter Bines
evaded answering directly, but suggested
that a man who already had plenty of
mon«y might have done wisely to covet
up the find and be still about It: that Nat
Creede himself proved as much by going
crazed over his wealth and blowing out
his brains.
To a tamely prosperous Easterner. wh»»
some years after hla return to the West,
made the conventional remark, "And Isn't
It amazing that you were happy through
those hard years of toll when you, were
so poor?" Peter Bines had replied, to his
questioner's hopeless bewilderment:" "No.
But It Is surprlsin* that I kept happy
after I got rich— after I got what I
"I reckon you'll find," he added, by way
of explaining, "that the proportion of
happy rich to unhappy rich Is a mighty
sight smaller than the proportion of nap
py poor to the unhappy poor. I'm one of
the former minority, all right-but, by
Cripest it's because I kmra how to be
rlchand still enjoy all the Uttlo comfort*
of poverty 1" '¦
' Concerning the old man that Bitty Brue
now Boucht with his news of death,' a
philosopher of this school would unhesi
tatingly, declare that he bad sounded the
last note of human wisdom. .V Far,* up 'in
some .mountain solitude did Peter Bines,
multimillionaire, , with a lone pack-mule to
bear - his - meager outfit," picked •} np«float
rock, tapped and scanned ledges and
chipped at bowlders with the same ardor
that had fired him In his penniless youth.
THE SPENDERS
Sunday Call Literary SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.
2
the pines before him, his bead and broad
Ehoulders In the easy poise of power,
there was about him from a little distance
no sign of age. His lines were gracefully
full, his bearing bad still the alertness of
youth. One must have come as near as
Billy Brue now came to detect the marks
of time in his face. Not of age— merely
of time: for here was no senility, no
quavering of fretful lines. The gray eyes
shone bright and clear from far under
the heavy, unbroken l!ne of brow, and
the mouth was still straight and firmly
held, a mouth under sure control from
corner to corner. A little had the years
brought out the rugged squareness of the
<hin and the deadly set of the Jaws: a
little had they pressed in the cheeks to
throw the hlch bonfs into broad relief.
Eut these were the utmost of their de
vastations. Otherwise Peter Bines showed
hi* 74 years only by tne marks of a well
ordered maturity. His eyes. It It true,
had that look of knowing which to the
young seems always to betoken the futil
ity of, and to warn against the folly of.
struggle against what must be; yet they
Tver* kind eyes, and humorous, with many
of the small lines of laughter at their
corners. Reading the ey^s and mouth to-
Beth^r one perceived gentleness and stern
ness to h« well matched, working to any
given end in amiable and effective com
promise. "Uncle Peter" he had long been
called by the public that knew him. and
his own erandchUdren had come to call
him by the same term, finding him too
young to meet their Ideal of a grand
father.
Billy Brue. riding up the trail, halted,
nodded, and was silent. The old man re
turned his salutation as briefly. These
things by men who stay much alone come
to be managed with verbal economy. They
would talk presently, but greetings were
awkward.
Billy Brue took one foot from Its stir
rup and turned in his saddle, nulling the
ler up to a restful position. Then h«* spat,
musingly, and looked hark down the
canyon aimlessly, throwing his eyes from
plde to fide, whpre the gray pranlte ledgfs
showed through the tall spruce and pine
trees.
But the old man knew he had been sent
for.
••W<-11. Billy Brue. what's doin'?"
Billy Brue snufrm*>d In th^ saddle. sp*t
egaln, as with sudden resolve, and said:
"Why— uh— Pan'l J.— he's dead."
The old man repeated the words, dazed
ly-
"Dan'l J.— he's dead;— why, who else is
dead, too?"
IMIly Bru?'s emphasis, cunnincly con
trivd by h'm to avoid pivinR prominence
to the word "dead." had suiriaregt«»d this
inquiry In the first moment of stupefac
tion.
"N'rbody else dead— Jest Dan'l J.— he's
dead."
"J»st Dan'l J.— my boy— my boy Dan'l
d<»*d?"
H's mijrhty shape wa? stricken with a
curious rigidity; erected -there as if It wit*
a cart of the mountain, flung up of o.d
from the earth's inner tragedy, confound
ed, deso'.ate, anriont.
Billy Brue turnrd from the stony inter
rogation of bis eyes and took a fpw steps
sway, wilting. A lit'lp wind sprang up
among the higher trees, the moments
passed, and still the Rreat fljrure stood
transfixed in Its curious silence. The
lfathers creaked as the horse turned. The
messenger, with an air of surveying the
canyon, stole an anxious glance at the
old face. The sorrowful old eyes were
fixed on thlnps that were not; they looked
%'ncMielv »c If In «eflri*H
"But all he'd ever say was that times
had changed since my day, and I wasn't
to mind him."
He had himself better in hand now.
"Why, I nursed that boy when he was
a dear, funny little red baby with big
round eyes rollln' around to take notice;
he took notice awful quick— fur a baby.
Oh, my! Oh, dear! Dan'l!"
Again he stopped.
"And it don't eeem more'n yesterday
that I was a-teachin' him to throw the
diamond hitch: he could throw the dia
mond hitch with his eyes shut— I reck
on by the time he was nine or ten. He
had hifc faults, but they didn't hurt him
none; Dan'l J. was a .man, now—" He
haind once more.
"The dead millionaire," began Billy
Brue, reading from the obituary in the
Skiplap Weekly Ledge, "was in his flfty
eecond year. Genial, generous to a fault,
quick to resent a wrong, but unfailing
In his loyalty to a friend, a man of
ltrge ideas, with a genius, for large ope
rations, he was the type qV Indefatigable
enterprise that has bullded th^s West
ern empire In a wilderness and given
rich sustenance and luxurious homes to
millions of prosperous, happy American
citizen*. Peace to his a*hes! And a safe
trip to his Immortal soul over the one
way trail!"
"Ye?, yes— it's Dan'l J. fur sure— they
cot my boy Dan'l that time. Is that all
it says, Billy? Any one with him?"
"Why, this here dispatch is signed by
young Toler— that's his confidential man."
"Nobody else?"
The old man was peering at him
sharply from under the gray protruding
brows.
"Well, If you must know, Uncle Peter,
this Is what the notice says that come by
wire to the Ledge office," and he read
doggedly:
"The young *nd beautiful Mrs. Bines,
who had been accompanying her husband
on his trip of Inspection over the Sierra
Northern, is prostrated by the shock of
bis sudden death."
The old man' became for the first time
conscious of the tears In his eyes, and.
pulling down one of the blue woolen shirt
sleeves, wiped his wet cheeks. The slow,
painful blush of age crept up across the
iron strength of his face and passed. He
looked away as he spoke.
"I knew It: I knew that. My Dan'l was
like all that Frisco bunch. They get tan
gled with women sooner or later. I taxed
Dan'l with It. I epleenexl against it and
let him know it. But he wan n man and
his own master— if you can rightly call a
man his own master that dues them
things Do you know what-fur woman
this one was. Billy?"
"Well, last time D.-vn'l J. was up to
Skiplap. there was a swell party on the
car—kind of a copr ary-lookin' blond\«.
AUIr Ash. the brake nan en No. 4, he
teil* me ehe used to be In Spokane, and
now she'd got her hooks on to some min-
In' property up In the Coeur d'Aiene.
Course, this mightn't be the one."
The old man had ceased to listen. He
was aroused to the need for "action.
"Oft movln". Billy! We can get down
to Eden to-night; we'll have the moon fur
two' houre on the trail noon* the suns
gone. I can get "em to drive me over to
Skiplap first thing ty-morrow, and 1 can
have "»-m make me up 'a train there fur
Montana City. Was he—"
"Dan'l J. has been took home— the
noczepaper says."
They turned back dow.n the trail, the
old man astride. Billy Brue's horse, fol
lowed by his packmule and preceded by
work; a group' of water lilies in wax,
floating on a mirror lake and protected
by a glass globe; a full-rigged schooner,
built cunningly Inside a bottle by a mat
ricide serving a life sentence in the peni
tentiary at San Quentln, and a mechan
ical canary bird* In a gilded cage, ac
quired at the Philadelphia Centennial— a
bird that had caroled its death lay in the
early winter of 1877 when it was wound
up too hard and its little insldes snapped.
In the parlor a few ornamental books
were grouped with rare precision on the
center table with its oval top of white
marble. On the walls ..of the "sitting
room" were a steel engraving of Abra
ham Lincoln striking the shackles from
a kneeling slave, and a framed cardboard
rebus worked In red zepl'yr. the reading
of which was "No Croes, No Crown."
Thus far noth.ng helpful has been
found.
Let us examine, then, the what-not In
the "•ittlng-room" and the choice Em
pire cabinet that faces it from the oppo
site wall of the parlor.
The what-not as an American institu
tion is obsolete. Indeed, it has be*n rath
er long since writers referred to It even
in terms of opprobrious sarcasm.
The what-not, once the cherished «hrlne
of the American home, sheltered the
smaller household goods for which no oth
er resting place could be found. The Em
pire cabinet, with Its rounding front of
glass, its painted Watteau scenes and Its
mirrored back, has come to supplant the
humbler creation In the fulfillment of all
Its tender or mysterious offices.
Here, perchance, may be found a claw
in symbol to the family strife.
The Bines what-not in the sitting-room
was grimly orthodox in its equipment.
Here was an ancient box covered with
shell m'ork, with a wavy little mirror in
its back; a tender motto worked with the
hair of the dead; a "Rock of Agss" In a
glass case, with a garland of pink chenille
around the base; two dried pine cones
brightly varnished; an old daguerreotype
in an ornamental case of haru rubber; u.
small old album; two small Chins vu*4f
of the kind that came always In paJrs,
standing on mats of crocheted worsted;
three sea uhells, and the cup and st-ucer
that belonged to gtandma, which no one
must touch because they'd be«n broken
and were held together but weakly, ow
ing to the imperfections of hom«-made
c< ment.
The new cabinet, haughty in Us var
nished elegance.' with Us Watteau dames
and courtiers, and perhaps the. knowledge
that it enjoys widespread approval among
the elect— this is a different matter. In ev
ery American home that is a home to-tlay
it demands attention. The visitor, alter
e>lSC it with cautious side glances, goes
jauntily up to it, affecting to have been
stirred by the mere Impulse of elegant
Idleness. Under the affectedly care. ess
scrutiny of the hostess he fall* dramati
cally into an attitude of awed entrance*
ment. Reverently he gazes tyon the
priceless, bibelots within: the. mother-of
pearl fan, haif open; the tiny cup and
saucer, of Sevres on their brass ta*el: the
miniature Cupid and Psyche In marble;
the Japanese wrestlers carved In ivory;
the ballet-dancer in bisque; tht coral
necklace; the -souvenir spoon from the
Pans Exposition; the Jade bracelet: and
the. silver snuff-box that grandfather car
ried to the day of his death. If the gaz
ing visitor be a person of abandoned
character hC makes humorous pretense
that thv householder has done wisely to
turn a key upon these treasures, against
the ravishlngs of the overwhelmed and
frenzied connoisseur. He wears the look
- The young man, not without embarrass
ment drew forth a Russia leather caM
cdse which the old man took from him as
one havlnsr authority.
"Here you are, Marthy Bines!" he ex
claimed, handing her a card: "here you
are! reau It! 'Mr. P. Percival Bines.' *<ow
don't you feel proud of havin' stuck out
for Pflrdval when you pee it In cold
print? You know mighty well his pa and
me agreed to Percival only fur a middle
name. Jest to please you— and he wa'n't
to be called by.it— only Jest Peter or 'Peter
P.", at most: and .now look at the way
he's gone and garbled his good name."
Mr. P. Percival Bines blushed furiously
here, but ; rejoined, 1 nevertheless, with
quiet dignity, that a man's name was
something about which he should have
the ruling voice, especially where It was
possible for him to rectify or conceal the
unhappy choice of his parents.
"And while we're on names," he con
tinued, "do try to remember In case you
ever get among people, that Sis' name Is
Psyche ar.d not Pish."
The blonde and complacent Mies Bines
here moved uneasily In her patent blue
plush rocker and spoke for the first time,
with a grateful glance at her brother.
"Yes. Uncle Peter, for mercy's sake, do
try! Don't ma*« us a laughingstock !"
"But your name Is Pish. A person's
nam« Is what their folks name 'em, alnt
It? Your ma comes acrost a name In a
book that sh« likes the looks of. and she
takes it to spell ?ish, and she ups and
names you Pish, and we all calls you
Pish and Plsby, and then when you tod
dle off to public school and let 'em know
how you spell it they tell you it's some
thing else— an outlandish name If spellin'
means anything. If it comes tp that you
ought to change the spellln' Instead of
the name that your poor pa loved."
Yet the old man had come to know that
he was fighting a lost fight— lost before it
had eper begun. •
"If* will be a good chance." ventured
Mrs. Bines, timidly, "for Pishy— I mean
Slke— Slcky— to meet the right sort of
people."
"Yee. I should say— and the wrong sort.
The ingHgln' host of them lady and gen
tlemen dogs, fur Instance."
"But Uncle Petrr," broke In the young
man. "you shouldn't expect a girl of
Psyche's beauty and fortune to vegetate
In Montana City all her life. Why, any
sort of brilliant marriage is possible to
her If she goes among the right people.
Don't you want the family to amount to
something socially? Is our money to do
us no rood? And do you think I'm going
to stay here and be n moss-hack and raJst*
chin whiskers and work myself to death
the way my father did?"
"No, no," replied the old man, with a
glance at the mother; "not Jest the way
your pa did; you might do different and
some better: but all the came, you won't
do any better'n he did any way you'll
learn to live in' New York. Unless you
was to go broke there." he added,
thoughtfully: "In that case you got the
stuff In you and lt'd come out; but you
got too much money to go broke."
"And you'll *ee that I lead a decent
enough life. Tinus have changed since
my father was a young man."
"Yes: that's what your pa told me—
times had chanced since I was a young
man; but I could 'a' done him good If
he'd 'a' listened."
"Well, we'll try it. The tide Is setting
that way frpm all over the country. Here,
listen to this editorial in the Sun. And he
made t b •
rounds of the
Bines proper
tie*. The former anrnd a for.
lorn little bop* of exciting- an
Interest In tbe oonoernj most
vital to him; to tfc* latter the
leisure tour la the private car
war a sporttr* prelude to the
serious bntln— s tf Uf «, a* It
¦ a o uld
be lived
In . t bet
Bast.
Consl d
erin* It aa '
such h««*>
dured' It/
amiably. »aj
In d • • d to V
long A«/»i*
days and too
sharply oool nights)
wero not without
real enjoyment fof
him.
To feel Impartial
ly a multitude of
strong, fresh wants
— the imperative
need to live life la
all Its fullness, thla
of Itself makes the
heart to slnr. And,
above the full com*
plement of wants,
to have been dow
ered by heaven
with a staneh dis
belief In the unat
tainable—this Is a
fortune rather to
be chosen than a
good name' or treat
riches; since the
name and riches
and all things de
sired must come to
the call of It.
Our Western born
youth of twenty-
had the wants
and the senae of
power 1 n b e rited
from a line of men
eager of Initiative,
the product of an
environment where
only such could sur
vive. Doubtless In
him was the sou)
and body hunger of
his g r a ndfather.
cramping and deny
ing through hard-
¦hip year after
year, yet sustained by dreaming In the
hardest times of the soft material luxu
ries that should some day be hie. Doubt
lesi marked in his character, too, was
the slightly relaxed tension of his
father; the disposition to feast as
well as the capacity to fast; to
take all. feel all, do all, with an avidity
greater by reason of the grinding absti
nence and the later indulgence of his
forbears. A sage versed In the lore of
heredity as modified by environment may
some day trace for us the progress across
this continent of an austere Puritan,
showing how the strain emerges from the
wilderness at the Western ocean with a
character so widely differing from the one
with which he began the adventurous
Journey— regarding, especially, a tolerance
of the so-called good and many of the bad
things of life. Until this is done we may,
perhaps, consider the change to be wlth-
to the Cfcrelem Creek smel
ter. Next they would learn
that a new herd of Gallows
had done finely last season on
the Bitter Root branch: that
a big lot of ore was sacked at
the Irish Boy: that an el«ht
een-inch vein had been struck
In the Old Crow; that a con
centrator was needed at Hell
antlgone. and that rich gold
bearing copper and sand-bear
ing free gold had been found
over on Horseback Ridge.
Another day they would
drive far into a forest of
spruce and hemlock to a camp
where thousands of ties were
being cut and floated down to
the line of the new railway.
Sometimes they spent a night
In one of the smaller mining
"Dan'l!" he said.
It was not a cry: there was nothing
plaintive in it. It was only the old man
calling his eon; David calling upon Absa
lom. Then there was a change. He came
sternly forward.
"Who killed my boy?"
"Nobody. Uncle Peter; 'twas a strok*.
He was goin' over the line and they laid
out at Kaslo fer a day so's Dan'l J. could
see about a spur the 'Lucky Cuss' people
wanted— and maybe It was the cllmbln'
brought It on."
The old man looked his years. As he
cam* nearer Billy Brue saw tears tremble
in his eyes and roll unnoted down his
cheeks. Yet his \olce was unbroken and
he was, indeed, unconscious of the tears.
"I was afraid of that. He lived too
high. He et too much and he drank too
much and was too soft— was Dan'l— too
soft—"
The old voice trembled a bit and he
stopped to look aside into the little pocket
he had been exploring. Billy Brue looked
back down the- canyon where the swift
stream brawled itself into white foam far
below.
"He wouldn't use his legs; I prodded
him about it constant—"
He stopped to brace himself against the
shock. Billy Brue still looked away.
"I told him high altitudes and high
tlvln' would do any man—" Again he was
•UtBt,
Billy.
Already, such was* his buoyance and
habit of quick recovery and readjust
ment under reverses^ his thoughts were
turning 1 to his grandson. Daniel's boy
there was the grandson of his grandfather
—the son of his father-fresh from col
lege, and the Instructions of European
travel, knowing many things hi? father
had not known, ready to take up the work
of his father, and capable, perhaps, of
giving it a better Hnish. *..» *>*-<£*°
West ha<l lost one of It valued builders,
but another should take h5» place. His
bov Bh »1d come to him and finish the
tacks of his father: an .. In the years to
come, make other mighty tasks- ofeni
pire-buildlng for hlmsejf and the children
of his children. .
It did not occur to him that he and the
boy miKht be as far apart in sympathies
and aim* a* at that moment they were
in circumstance. For. while the old man
in the garb of • penniless prospector,
tolled down the steep mountain trail on a
cheap horse, his grandson was reading the
first news of his father's death in one of
the luxurious staterooms of a large steam
yacht that had Just let down her anchor
in Newport Harbor. And each-but tor
the death-had been where most he wished
to be-one with his coarse fare and out-of
doors life, roughened and seamed by the
winds and browned by the sun to mahog
any tints: a K ed but playing with boyish
zest at his primitive sport: the other.
a Btrong-llmbed, well-marrowed. full
breathing routh >' 25. with appetites all
of one who If gnawed with envy, and he
heaves the sich of despair.
But when he notes presently that he has
erased to be observed he sneaks cheer
fully to another part of the room.
The what-not Is obsolete. The Empire
cabinet is regnant. Yet, although one l»
th« lineal descendant of the other— Its
sophisticated grandchild— they are hostile
and Irreconcilable.
Twenty years hence the cabinet will be
proscribed and its contents catalogued In
those same terms of disparasment that
the what-not became long since too dear
to Incur. Both will then have attained
the state of honorable extinction now en-
Joyed by the dodo.
The what-not had curiously survived In
the Bines home— survived unto the coming
of the princely cabinet— survived to give
battle if It might
Here, perhaps, may be found the sym
bolic clew to the strife's cause.
The sole non-combatant was Mrs. Bines,
the widow. A neutral was this jrood wo
man, and a well-wisher to each faction.
"I tell you it's all the same to me," she
declared. "Montana City or Fifth Ave
nue In New York. I guess I can do well
enough In either place so long as the rest
of you are satisfied."
It had beet) all the same to Mrs. Bines
for as many years as a woman of fifty
can remember. It was the lot of wives
In her day and environment early to learn
the supreme wisdom of abolishing prefer
ences. Riches and poverty, ease and hard-
reaa irom nis own paper:
"A GOOD FLACK TO MOVE TO.
"One of the" most Interesting evidences
of the growth of New York is the news
that Mr. Anson L*drlck of the Consoli
dated Copper Company has purchased an
extensive building site on Riverside Drive
and will presently Improve it with a cost
ly residence. Mr. Ledrlck's ueclsion to
move his household effects to Manhattan
Island Is in accordance with a very
marked tendency of successful Americans.
"There are those who'are fond of depre
ciating New York; of assailing it with
all sorts of cheap and sensational vitu
peration; of picturing It as the one great
canker spot of the Western hemisphere,
as Irretrievably sunk In wickedness and
shame. The fact remains, however, that
the city, as never before, is the greuc
national center of wealth, culture and
distinction of every kind, and that hare
the citizen, successful in art, literature
or practical achievement, Instinctively
seeks his abiding place.
"The restlessness of *he average Ameri
can millionaire while he remains outside
the city limits is frequently remarked
upon. And even the mighty overlords of
Chicago, falling in with the prevailing
fashion, have forsaken the shores of the
great inland sea and pitched their tents
with us; not to speak of the copper kings
of Montana. Why is it that these inter
esting men, after acquiring fortune and
fame elsewhere, are not content to i»
maln upon the scene of their early trl-
out valid cause.
' Young Bines, at all events, was th4
flower of a pioneer stock, and him the
gods of life cherished, so that all the
forces of the young land about him were
as his own. Yet, though his pulses rhymed
to theirs, he did rot perceive his relation
to them; neither he nor the land was yet
become Introspective. So Informed was
he with the Impetuous spirit of youth that
the leant manifestation of life found Us
answering thrill In him. And it was suf
ficient to feel this. There was no time
barren enough of sensation to reason
about it.
Uncle Pet«r's plan for an inspection of
the Bines praperties had at first won him
by touching his sense of duty. He antici
pated no interest or pleasure in the trip.
Yet from the beginning he enjoyed it to
the full. Being what he was. the constant
movement pleased him, the out-of-docr*
life, the occasional sorties from the rail
road by horse to some remote mining
camp, or to a stock ranch or lumber
camp. He had been away for six years,
and It Dleased him to note that he was
treated by the people he met with a genu
ine resDect and liking as the son of his
father. In th« East he had been accus
tomed to a certain deference from very
uncertain people because he was the son
of a rich man. Lere he had prestige be
cause he was the son of Daniel Bines, or
ganizer and man of affairs. He felt some
times that. the men at mine, mill or ranch
looked him over with misgiving, and had
their cautious liking compelled only by
camps off the railroad, where
of facetious notes would ap
pear fn the nearest weekly,
such as:
"The Hon. Peter Bines and
his grandson, who is a chip of
the old block, spent Tuesday
night at Rock Rip. Young
Bines played the deal from
t«oda card to hock at Lera
Tully's Turf Exchange, and
showed Lem's dealer good and
plenty that there's no piker
strain in him."
Or it might be:
"Poker stacks continue to
have a downward tendency.
They were sold last week as
low as eighty chips for a dol
lar. It (s sad to see this nobla
game dragging along in tha
lower levels of prosperity, and
we take as a favorable omen
the appearance of Uncle Pe
ter Bines and his grandson the
other night. The prices went
to par In a minute. Young
Bines gave signs of becoming
as delicately intuitional In the
matter of concealed values aa
his father, the lamented Dan
iel J."
Again It was:
"Uncle Peter Bines reports
from over Kettle Creek way
that the sagebrush whisky
they take a man's two bits for
alert and sharpened, pink ana pampered,
loving luxury end prising above all things
else the atmosphere of wealth and its re
finementi. ,
CHAPTER IV.
THE WEST AGAINST THE EAST.
Two months later a sectional war was
raging in the Bines home at Montana
City The West and the Kast were met n
conrtict-the old and the new. the stale
and the fresh. And. if the bittern*, was
dissembled by the combatants, not less
keenly was it felt, nor less determined
was either faction to be relentless.
A glance about the "sitting-room
In which the opposing forces were
lined up. and into the parlor
through the opened folding doors,
may help us to a better under
standing of the issue involved.
Both rooms were large and fur
nished in a style that had been
supremely luxurious in 1878.
The house, built in that
year, of Oregon pine, had
been quite the most preten
tious piece of architecture
Jn that section of the West.
It had been erected in the
first days of Montana City
as a convincing testimonial
from the owner to his faUh
in the town'B future. The
plush-upholstered sofas and
chairs, with their backs and
legs of carved black walnut,
had come direct from New
York. For pictures there
were early art chromos,
among them the once
prized companion pieces.
Wide Awake" and "Fast
"Asleep." Lithography was
represented by "The Fish
erman's Pride" and "The
Soldier's Dream of Home.
In th* handicrafts there
•wer» a photographic repro
duction or the Ifd's
prayer, illustrated original
ly by the penman wltb un
common genius for scroll
ship, mountain and plain, town and wil
derness, they followed in no ascertalna
ble sequence, and a superiority of indif
ference to each was the only protection
against hurts from the unexpected.
This trained neutrality of Mrs. Bines
served her finely now. 8he had no lead-
Ing to ally herself against her children In
their wish to go East, nor against Uncle
Peter Bines In his stubborn effort to keep
' them West. She folded her hands to wait
on the others.
And th« battle rased.
The old man. sole defender of the vir
tuous and stalwart West against an East
that he alleged to be effete and depraved,
had now resorted to sarcasm—a i thing
that Mr. Carlyle thought was as good as
the language of the devil. ¦ .
"And here, now, how about this dog
luncheon?" he continued,, glancing at a
New York newspaper clutched accusingly
in his hand. "It was give, I see, by one
of your Newport cronies. Now, that's
healthy doin's fur a two-fisted Christian,
ain't It? I want to know. Shappyronglng
a select company of lady and gentlemen
dogs from soup to coffee: pressing a little
more of the dog-biscuit on this one. and
stein' that the other don't mfsplay its
finger-bowl no s way. How I would love to
read of the Bines standln' up, all in purty
velvet pants t most likely, to receive at one
of thejn bow-wow functions— functions, I
believe, is the name of it?" he ended in
polite inquiry.
"There, there. Uncle Peter!" the young
man broke In, soothingly; "you mustn't
take those Sunday newspapers as gospel
truth; those stories are printed for Just
such rampant old tenderfoots as you are;
and even if there Is one foolish freak,
he ciotbii't represent all society in the bet
ter sense of the term."
"Yes, and you!" Uncle Peter broke out
again, reminded of another grievance.
"You know well enough your true name
is Peter— Pete and Petle when you was a
baby and Peter when you left for college.
And you're ashamed of what you've dona,
too, for you tried to hide them callin'
cards from me the other day, only you
wa'n't quick enough. Bring 'em out! I'm
bound your mother . and- Piah shall s«»
'em. Out wlth^'em!"
umphs? Why is it that they Immediately
puck their carpetbags, take the first
through train to our gates, and startle
the Investing, public by the manner In
which they bull the price of New York
building lots?"
The old man listened absently.
"And probably some day I'll read of
you In that same center of culture and
distinction as P. Percival Bines, a young
man of obscure fam'ly. that rose by his
own efforts to be the dashln' young co
tillon leader and the wtill-known club
man, and that his pink teas fur dogs is
barked about by every fashionable ca
nine on the Island."
. The young man continued to read:
'"These men are not vain fools; they
are shrewd, successful men of the world.
They have surveyed New York City from
a distance and have discovered that, in
spite of Tammany and in spite of yellow
Journals, New York Is a town of un
equaled attractiveness. And so they
come; and their coming shows us what
we are. Not only millionaires, but also
painters and novelists and . men and
women of varied distinction. The city
palpitates with life and ambition and
hope and promise; it attracts the great
and the successful, and those who admire
greatness and success. The force of nat
ural selection Is at work here as every
where; and it is rapidly concentrating in
our small island whatever is finest, most
progressive and best in the American
character."
"Well, now, do me a last favor before
you pike off East," pleaded the old man.
'.'Make a trip with me over the proper
ties. See 'em once any way, and
see a little more of this country and these
people. Mebbe they're better'n you think.
Give me about three weeks or a month,
and then, by Crimlni, you can go off if
you're set on it and be 'whatever !¦ finest
and best in the American character,' as
that feller puts It But some day, ion.
you'll find out there's a whole lot of dif
ference between a great man of wealth
and a man of great wealth. Them last
is gettln' terrible common."
CHAPTER V.
Bo tht old man and the young man
the assurance that he was Indeed the son
of Daniel. They left him at these times
with the suspicion that this bare fact
meant enough with them to carry a man
of infelicitous exterior.
He was pleased, moreover, to feel a new
respect for -nele Peter. He observed
that men of all degrees looked up him,
sought and relied upon his Judgment; the
investing capitalist whom they met not
less than the mine foreman: the made
man and the laborer. In the drawing
room at home he had fei>. so agreeably
superior to the old man: now he felt his
own inferiority in a new element, and be
gan to view him with more respect. He
saw him to be the shrewd man of affairs,
with a thorough grasp of detail in every
branch of their Interests: and a deep man.
as well: a little narrow, perhaps, from
his manner of life, but of unfailing kind
ness, and with rather a young man's rad
icalism than an old man's conservatism ;
one who, in an emergency, might be re
lied upon to take the unexpected but ef
fective course.
For hia own part, old Peter Bines
learned in the course of the trip to un
derstand and like his grandson better. At
bottom he dec?d»d the young man to He
sound after all, and he began to make
allowance for his geographical heresies.
The boy had been sent to an Eastern col
lege; that was clearly a mistake, putting
him out of sympathy with the West; and
he had never been made to work, which
was another and graver mistake, "but
he'd do more'n his father ever did if
'twa'n't fur his father's money," the old
man concluded. For he saw In their talks
that the very Eastern experience which
he derided had given the young fellow a
poise and a certain readiness to grasp de
tails in the large that his father bad been
a lifetime In acauiring.
For a month they loitered over the sur
rounding territory In the private car,
gliding through fertile valleys, over bleak
passes, steaming up narrow little canyons
along the down-rushing streams with
their cool shallow murmurs.
They would learn one day that a cross
cut' wai to be started on the Last
Chance, or that the. concentrates of the
True Grit would thereafter be shipped
iwei & wvuiu uuira iu
limestone. Fster Is likelier to
find a ledge of dollar bills
than ho Is rood whisky this
far oft the main trail. The
late Daniel J. could have told
him as much, and Daniel J.'s
boy. who accompanies Uncle
Peter, will know It hereafter."
The young man felt whole
somely Insignificant at these
and other sisns that he was
taken on sufferance as a son
and a grandson.
He was content that It
should be so. Indeed, there
was little with which he was
not content. That he was
habitually preoccupied, even
when there was most move
ment about them, early be
came apparent to Uncle Peter.
That he was constantly cheer
ful proved the mattes, of his
musings to be pleasant. That
he was proner than moat
youths to serious meditation
Uncle Peter did not believe.
Therefore he attributed the
moods of abstraction to some
matter probably connected
with his project of removing
the family East. It was not
permitted Uncle Peter to
know, nor was his own youth
recent enough for him to sus
pect, the truth. And the mys
tery stayed inviolate until a
day came and went that laid
It bare even to the old man's
eyes.
They awoke one morning to
find the car on a siding at the
One Girl mine. Coupled to It
was another car from an
Eastern road that their train
had taken on some time In the
night Percival noted the car
with interest as he paced be
side the track In the cool clear
air before breakfast. The
curtains were drawn, and the
only signs of life to be ob
served were at the kitchen
end. where the white-cladTHE SUNDAY CAMi.
3
cook could be seen astir. Grant, porter
on the Bines car, told him the other car
had been taken on at Kaslo Junction, and
that it belonged to Rulon Shepler, the
New York financier, who was aboard
with a party of friends.
As Percival and Uncle Peter left their
car for the shaft-house after breakfast,
the occupants of the other car were be
stirring themselves.
From one of the open windows a low
but impassioned voice was exhausting the
current idioms of damnation in sweeping
dispraise of all land-areas north and west
of Fifty-ninth Btreet. New York. ,
Uncle Peter smiled grlmlv. Percival
flushed, for the hidden protestant had ut
tered what were bis own sentiments a
month before.
Reaching the shaft-house they chatted
with Pangburn. the superintendent, and
then went to the storeroom to don
blouses and overalls for a descent into the
mine.
For an hour they stayed underground,
traversing the various levels and drifts,
while Pangburn explained the later de
velopments of the vein and showed them
where the new stoplng had been begun.
CHAPTER VL 4
A MEETING AND A CLASHING £
As they stepped from the cage at the
surface Perdval became aware of a group
of strangers between h!m and the open
door of the shaft-house— people display
ing in dress and manner the unmistak
able stamp of New York. For part of a
minute, while the pupils of his eyes were
contracting to the light, he saw them but
vaguely. Then, as his eight cleared, be
beheld foremost in the group, beaming
upon him with an expression of pleased
and surprised recognition, the girl whose
face and voice had for nearly half a year
peopled his lover's solitude with fair vis-
Ions and made its silence to be all melody.
Had the encounter been anticipated his
composure would perhaps have failed him.
Not a few of his waking: dreams had
sketched this, their second meeting, and
any one of the ways it had pleased him
to plan It would assuredly have found him
nervously embarrassed. But eo wildly
Improbable was this reality that not the
daringest of bis Imagined happenings had
approached It His thoughts for the mo
ment had been not of her; then, all at
once, the stood before him in the flesh,
and be was cool, almost unmoved. He
suspected at once that her father was the
trim, fastidiously dressed man who looked
as if he had been abducted from a morn
ing stroll down the avenue to his club;
that the plump, ruddy, high-bred wo
man, surveying the West disapprovingly
through a lorgnon, would be her mother.
Shepler he knew by sight, with his big
head, massive shoulders, and curiously
short, tapering body. Some other men
and a woman were scanning the hoisting
machinery with superior looks.
The girl, before starting toward him.
had hardly waited longer than it
took him to eye the group. And then came
an awkward two seconds upon her whose
tact in avoiding the awkward was reputed
%o be more than common.
With her band extended she had ut
tered. "Why. Mr. — " before it flashed
upon her that 6he did not know the name
of the young man ehe ~7as greeting.
The "Mister" was threatening to pro
long itseif into an "r" of excruciating
length and disgraceful flnalitv, an "r"
that is terminated neatly by no one but
hardened hotel-clerks. Then a miner
saved the day. /
"Mr. Bines," he Bald, comlnc up hur
riedly behind Percival with- several speci
mens of ore, "you forgot these."
"-r-r-r. Bines, how do you do?" con-
I eluded the girl with an eye-flash of grati
tude at the humble instrument that had
prevented an undue hiatus in her salu
tation.
They were apart from the others and for
he moment unnoticed.
The voung man took the hand so cor
u.ally offered and because of all the things
ne wished and had bo long waited to Bay,
he said nothing.
"Isn't it Jolly! I am Miss Milbrey," slie
idded in a lower tone, and then, raisins
her voice. "Mamma, Mr. Bines — and
papa," ar.d there followed a hurried and
but half-acknowledged Introduction to
the ether members of the party. And, be
hold! in that moment the young man had
schemed the edifice of all his formless
dreams. For six months he had known
the unsurpassable luxury of wanting and
of knowing what he wanted. Now, all at
once, he saw this to be a world In which
dreams come more than true.
Shepler and the party were to go
through the mine as a matter of sight
seeing. They were putting on outer
clothes from the 6toreroom to protect
them from the dirt and damp.
Presently Percival found himself again
at the bottom of the shaft Durine the
descent of twelve hundred feet he had re
flected upon the curious and interesting
fact that her name should be Milbrey.
He felt dimlr that this circumstance
should be ranked among the most inter
esting of natural phenomena— that she
should have a name, as the run of mor
tals, and that it should be one name more
than another. 'When he discovered fur
ther th»t her Christian name was Avice
the phenomenon became stupeniomly be
wildering.
They two were in the last of the party
to descend. On reaching bottom he sep
arated her with promptness and iruile
from two solemn young men, copies of
each other, and they were presently
alone. In the distance they could see the
others following ghostly lamps. From
far off mysterious recesses came the ifcuf
fled musical clink of the sledges oa the
drills. An employe who, had come down
with them started to be their guide.
Percival sent him back.
i "I've Just been through; I can find my
•way again."
"Ver* well." eal<S the man. "with the
exception that it don't happen something
—yes?" And he Btayed where he vas.
Down ore of the. cross-cuts they started,
stepping aside to let a car of ore be
pushed along to the shaft •
"Do you know." began the girl. "I sun
bo glad to be able to thank you for what
you did that night?" /
"I'm Klad you are able. I was begin
ning to think I should always have those
thanks owing to me."
"I misrht have paid them at the time,
hut It was all so unexpected and so sud
den — it rattled me, quite."
"I thought you were horribly cool
beaded."
•*I wasn't.**
"Your manner reduced me to a groom
who opened your carriage door."
"But grooms don't «of ten pick strange
ladies up bodily and bear them out of a
pandemonium of waltzing cab horses. I'd
never noticed before that cab horses are
so frivolous and hysterical."
"And grooms know where/to look for
their pay."
They were Interrupted nervously, and
bestowing furtive side looks upon each
other.
"If I'd not seen you," said the girl,
"glanced at you— before— that evening. I
shouldn't have remembered so well;
doubtless I'd not have recognized you to
day."
"I didn't know you did glance at me,
and yet I watched you every moment of
the evening. You didn't know that, did
you?"
She laughed. ' .
"Of course I knew it A woman has to
note sucn things! without letting it be seen
that she sees."
"And I'd have sworn you never once so
much as looked my way."
"Don't we do It well, though7"
"And In spite of all the time I rave to
a study of your face I lost the detail of it.
I could keep only the effect of its expres
sion and the few tones of your voice I
heard. You know I took those on a record
so I could make 'em play over any time
I wanted to listen. Do you know, that
has all been very sweet to me, my help
ing you and the memory of it— so vague
and sweet.
"Aren't you afraid we're losing the
others?"
Ehe halted and looked back.
"No; I'm afraid we won't lose them;
come on. you can't turn back now. And
you don't want to hear anything about
mines; it wouldn't be at all good for you,
I'm sure. Quick, down this way. or you'll
hear Pangburn telling some one what a
stop© is. and think what a thins that
would be to carry in your head."
"Really, a 6tope sounds like something
that would 'get you' in the night! I am
afraid!"
Half in his spirit ehe fled with him down
a dimly lighted Incline where men were
working at the rocky wall with sledge and
drill. There was that in his manner
which compelled her quite as literally as
when at their first meeting he had picked
her up in his arms.
As they walked single file through the
narrowing of a drift she wondered about
him. He was Western, plainly. An em
ploye In the mine, probably a manager or
director 'or whatever it was they called
those In authority in mines. Plainly, too,
he was a man of action and a man who
engaged all her instinctive liking. Some
thing in him at once coerced her friendliest
confidence. These were the admissions
ehe made to herself. She divined him,
moreover, to be a blend of boldness and
timidity. He was bold to the point of
telling her things unconventionally, of be
guiling her into remote underground pas
sages away from the party; yet she un
derstood; she knew at once that he was
a determined but unspoiled gentleman;
that under no provocation could he make
a mistake. In any situation of lone
liness she would" have felt safe with him—
"as with a brother"— she thought Then,
feeling her cheeks burn, s-e turned back
and said:
"I must tell you he was my brother—
that man— that night"
He was eorry and glad all at once. The
sorrow being the lesser and more conven
tional emotion, he started upon an awk
ward expression of it, w-lch she inter
rupted.
"Never mind saying that, thank you.
Tell me something about yourself, now.
I reallv would like to know you. What
do you see and hear and do In this strange
life?"
"There's not much variety," he an
swered, with a convincing droop of de
pression. "For six months I've been see
ing you and hearing you— seeing you and
hearing you: not much variety in that—
nothing worth telling you about"
Despite her natural caution, intensified
by training, she felt herself thrill to the
very evident sincerity of his tones, so that
she had to affect mirth to seem at ease.
"Dear, dear, what painful monotony;
and how manv men have said It since
these rocks were made; and now you say
it— well, I admit "
"But there's nothing new under the sun,
you know."
"No; not even a new :cuse for plagiar
ism, ia there?"
"Well, you see as long as the same old
thing keeps true the same old way of
telling it will be more or less depended
upon. After a few hundred years of ex
periment, you know, they, hit on the few
est words that tell the most, and every
body uses them because no one can Im
prove them. Maybe the prehistoric cave
gentleman, who proposed to his loved one
with a war club Just back of her left ear,
had some variation of the formula suiting
his simple needs, after he'd got her
home and brought her to and she said it
was 'all so sudden;' and a man can work
in little variations of his own to-day. For
example—"
"I'm sure we'd best be returning."
"For example, I could say, you know,
that for keeping the mind active :-nd the
heart working overtime the memory of
you surpasses any tonic advertised in the
backs of the magazines. Or, that — '\
"I think that's enough: I see you 'could
vary tha formula, in case—"
"—have varied It— but don't forget I
prefer the original unvaried. After all.
there are certain things that you can't
tell in too few words. Now, vou— "
"You stubborn person. Really, I know
all about myself. I asked you to tell me
about yourself^.
"And I began at once to tall you every
thing about myself— everything of interest
—which is yourself."
"I see your sense of values is
gone,' rjor man. I shall question you.
Now you are & miner, aau I like- men
of action, men who do things: I've
often wondered about you, and, seriously,
I'm glad to find you here doing some
thing. I remembered you kindly, with
real gratitude, Indeed. You didn't seem
like a New Yorfc man either, and I de
cided you weren't Honestly, I am glad
tD find you here at your work In your
miner's clothes. You mustn't think we
forget how to value men 'hat work."
On the point of saying thoughtlessly,
"But I'm not working hero— I own the
mine," he checked himself. Instead he
began a defense of the man jvho doesn't
work, but who could if he had to. "For
example," he continued, "here we are at
a place that you must be carried over;
otherwise you'd have to wade through a
foot of water or go around that long way
we've come. I've rubber boots on, and
so I pick you up this way " He held
her lightly on his arm and she steadied
herself with a hand between bis shoul
ders.
"And staggering painfully under my
burden, I wade out to the middle 'of this
subterranean lake." He stopped.
"You see, I've learned to do things. I
could pick you up from that slippery street
and put you in your carriage, and I can
pick you up now without wasting words
about it "
"But you're wasting time— hurry, please
—and, any way, you're a miner and used
to such things."
He remained standing.
"But I'm not wasting time, and I'm not
a miner in the sense you mean. I own
this mine, and I suppose for the most
part I'm the sort of man you seem to
have got tired of; the man who doesn't
have to do anything. Even now I'm this
close to work only because n.y grandfa
ther wanted me to look over the proper
ties my father left" \
"But hurry, please, and set me down."
. "Not until I warn you that I'm Just as
apt to do things as the kind of man you
thought I was. This is twice I've picked
you up now. Look out for. me; next time
I may not put you down at all."
She gave a low little laugh, denoting un.
ruffled serenity. She was glorying se
cretly In his strength, and she knew his
boldness and timidity were still Justly
balanced. And there was the rather as
tonishing bit of news he had Just given
her. That needed a lot of consideration.
With slow, sure-footed steps he reached
the farther side of the water and put her
on her feet.
"There. I thought I'd reveal the dis
tressing truth about myself while I had
you at my mercy."
"I might have suspected, but I gave the
name no thought Bines, to be sure. You
are .the son of the Bines who died some
months ago. I heard Mr. Shepler and my
father talking about some of your mining
properties. Mr. Shepler thought the 'One
Girl* was such a funny name for your
father to give a mine."
Now they neared the foot of
the shaft where the rest of the
party seemed . to await them. - As
they came up Percival felt himself raked
by a broadside from the maternal lorgnon
that left him all but disabled. The father
glowered at him and asked questions in
the high key we are apt to adopt in ad
dressing foreigners. In the instinctive fal
lacy that any language can be understood
by any one if It be spoken loudly enough.
The mother's manner was a crushing re
buke to the young man for his audacity.
The father's manner was meant to inti
mate that natives of the region In which
they were then adventuring were not
worthy of rebuke, save Euch general re
bukes as may be conveyed by displaying 1
one's natural superiority of manner. The
other members of the party, excepting
Shepler, who talked with Pangburn at a
little distance, took cue from the Milbreys
and aggressively ignored the abductor of
an only daughter. They talked over,
around, and through him, as only may
those mortals whom it hath pleased
heaven to have born within certain areas
on Manhattan Island.
The young man felt like a social out
cast until he caught a glance from Miss
Milbrey. That young woman was etlll
friendly, which he could understand, and
highly amused, which he could not under
stand. While the temperature was at its
lowest the first load ascended. Including.
Miss Milbrey and her parents, a chatty
blonde, and an uncomfortable little man
who, despite his being twelve hundred feet
toward the center thereof, had three
times referred bitterly to the fact that
he was ''out of the world."
"I shall Bee you soon above ground,
shall I not?" Miss Milbrey had asked, at
whfch her mother shot Percival a parting
volley from her rapid-fire lorgnon, while
her father turned upon him a back whose
sidelines were really admirable, consid
ering his age and feeding habits. The be
havior of these people appeared to inten
sify the amusement of their child. The
two solemn young men who remained
continued to chat before Percival as they
would have chatted before the valet of
either. He began to sound the spiritual
anguish of a pariah. Also to feel trucu
lent and, in his own phrase, "Westy."
With him "Westy" meant that you were
as good as any one else "and a shade bet
ter than a whole lot If it came to a show
down." He was not a little mortified to
find how easy It was for him to fall back
upon that old cushion of provincial arro
gance. It was all right for Uncle Peter,
but for himself— well. It proved that he
was less finely Eastern than he had im
agined.
As the cage cafne down for another as
cent, he let the two solemn young men go
up with Shepler and Pangburn, and went
to search for Uncle Peter.
"There, thank God, is a man!" he re
flected.
CHAPTER VIL
THE RAPID-FIRE LORGNON IS
SPIKED.
He found Uncle Peter in the crosscut,
studying a bit of ore through a glass, and
they went back to ascend.
"Them folks," said the old man, "must
be the kind that newspaper meant, that
had done something in practical achieve
ment. I bet that girl's mother will achieve
something practical with you fur cuttin'
the girl out of the bunch; she was aw
ful tormented: talked two or three
times about the people in the humbler
walks of life bein' strangely something or
other. You ain't such a humble walker
now. are you, son? But say, that yellow
haired woman, she ain't a bit diffident, is
she? She's a very hearty lady, I must
say!"
"But did you eeo Miss Milbrey?" .
"Oh. that's her name, Is It, the one that
her • mother was eo worried about and
you? Yes, I saw her. Peart and cunnin',
but a heap too wise fur you, son; take my
steer on that. Say, she'd have your pelt
nailed to the barn while you was wonder-
In' which way you'd jump."
"Oh, I know, I'm only a tender, teeth-
Ing infant," the young man answered,
with masterly satire.
"Well, now, as long's you got that bank
roll you Jest look out for cupboard love —
the kind that the old cat has when she
comes rubbln' up against your leg and
purrln' like you was the whole thing.".
The young man smiled as they went up,
with youthVgodllke faith in its own suf
ficiency, aVbeit he smarted from the
Blights put upon him.
At the surface a pleasant shock was in
store for him. There etood the formidable
Mrs, Milbrey beaming upon him. Behind
her was Mr. Milbrey, the pleasing model
of all a city's refinements, awaiting the
boon of a handclasp. Behind these were
the uncomfortable little man, the chatty
blonde, and the two solemn young men
who had lately exhibited more manner
than manners. Percival felt they were
all regarding him. now with affectionate
concern. They pressed forward effusively.
"So good of you, Mr. Bines, to take an
interest in us— my daughter has been so
anxious to see one of these fascinating
mines." "Awfully obliged, Mr. Bines,"
"Charmed, old man; deuced pally of you
to stay by us down in that hole, you
know." "So clever of you to know where
to find the gold—"
He lost track of the speakers. Their
speeches became one concerted effusion of
affability that was music to his ears.
Miss Milbrey was apart from the group.
Having doffed the waterproeffs, she' was
now pluming herself with | those fussy
looking but mysteriously potent little
pats which restore the attlro and mind
of women to their normal perfection and
serenity. Epon her face was still the
amused look Percival had noted below.
"And, Mr. Bines, do come in with that
quaint old grandfather of yours and lunch
with us," urged Mrs. Milbrey, who had as
it were spiked her lorgnon. "Here's Mr.
Sheplei to second the invitation— and then
we shall chat about this very interesting
West."
Miss Milbrey nodded * encouragement,
seeming to chuckle inwardly.
In the spacious dining compartment of
the Shepler car the party was presently
at lunch.
"You seem eo little like a Western man,".
Mrs. Milbrey confided graciously to Per-.,
cival on her righL
"We cal'late he'll fetch out all straight,
though, in a year or so," put in Uncle
Peter, from over his chop, with guileless*
intent to defend his grandson from what
he believed to be an attack. "Of course,
a young man's bound to get some foolish
ness into him in an Eastern college like
this boy went to."
Percival had flushed at the compliment
to himself; also at the old man's failure
to Identify It" as such.
Mr. Milbrey caressed his glass of claret
with ardent eyes and took the situation in
hand with the easy confidence of a mas
ter.
"The West," said he, affably, "has sent
us some magnificent men. In truth, It's
amazing to take count of the Western
men among us In all the professions. They
are notable, perhaps I should say, less for
deliberate niceties of style than for a cer
tain rough directness, but so adaptable is
the American character that one frequent
ly does not suspect their— er— humble ori
gin."
"Meaning their Western origin?" In
quired Shepler, blandly, with secret In
tent to brew strife.
"Well— er— to be sure, my dear fellow,
not necessarily humble— of course—per
haps I should have said "
"Of course, not necessarily disgraceful,
as you say, Milbrey." interrupted Shepler.
"and they often do conceal it. Why, I
know a chap in New York who was posi
tively never cast of Kansas City until he
was 25 or so, and yet that fellow to-day"
—he lowered his voice to the pitch of lm
pressiveness— "has over eighty pairs of
trousers and complains of the hardship
every time he has to go to Boston."
"Fancy, now!" exclaimed Mrs. Drelmer,
the blonde. Mr. Milbrey looked slightly
puzzled, and Uncle Peter~chuckled, affirm
ing mentally that Rulon Shepler must be
like one of those tugboats, with* most of
his lines under the surface.
"But, I say, you know, Shepler," pro
tested one of the solemn young men, "he
must still talk like a banjo."
"And gargle all his *r's,' " added the
other, very earnestly. . "They never get
over that, you know."
"Instead of losln' 'era entirely," put In
Uncle Peter, who found himself feeling
what his grandson called "Westy." "Of
course, he calls it 'Ne' Yawk.' and prob'Iy
he don't like It In Boston because they
always call 'em 'rawroystahs.' "
"Good for the old boy!" thought Perci
val, and then, aloud: "It is 'iard for the
West and the East to forgive each other's
dialects: The Inflated 'r' and the smoth
ered 'r* never quite harmonize."
"Western money talks good straight
New York talk." ventured Miss Milbrey,
with the air of one who had observed In
her time. /
Shepler grinned, and the parents of the
young woman resisted* with Indifferent
success their twin impulses to frown.
"But the service is so wr»tchcd In. the
West." suggested Oldaker, the carefully,
dressed little man with the tired, troubled
eyes, whom the world had been deprived
of. "I fancy, now. there's not a good
waiter this side of New York."
"An American," said Percival, "never
can make a good waiter or a good valet.
It takes a Latin, or, still better, a Bri
ton, to feel the servility required for good
service of that sort. An American, now.
always Sails at it because he knows he
Is as good as you are. and he knows that
you know it, and you know that he krowg
you know it. and there you are, two mirrors
of American equality face to face and re
flecting each other endlessly, and neither
is comfortable. The American Is as un
comfortable at having certain cervices
performed for him by another American
as the other is In performing them. Give
him a Frenchman or an Italian or a fel
low born within the Eound of Bow Bells
to clean his boots and lay out his things
and serve his dinner and he's all right
enough."
"Hear, hear!" cried Uncle Peter.
"Fancy, now," said Mrs. Drelmer, "a
creature In a waiter's Jacket having emo
tions of that sort!"
"Our excellent country," said Mr. Mil
brey, "is perhaps not yet what It will be;
there is undeniably a most distressing
rawness where we might expect finish.
Now in Chicago," he continued in a tone
suitably hushed for the relation of occult
phenomena, "we dined with a person who
served champagne with the oysters, soup,
fish, and entree, and for the remainder
of the dinner — you may credit me or not
— he proffered a claret of 1S75 — I need hard
ly remind you. the most deljcato vintage
of the latter half of the century— and It
was 6erved frappe." There was genuine
emotion in the sneaker's voice.
"And papa nearly swooned when our
host put cracked ice and two lumps of
sugar into his own glass — "
"Avice, dear!" remonstrated the father
in a tone Implying that some things posi
tively must not be mentioned at table.
"Well, you shouldn't expect too much of
those self-made men in Chicago," said
Shepler.
"If they'd only make themselves as well
as they make their sausages and things,"
sighed Mr. Milbrey.
"And the self-made man will talk shop,"
suggested Oldaker. "He thinks you're dy
ing to hear how he made the first thou
sand of himself."
"Still, those Chicago chaps learn quickly
enough when they settle In New York,"
ventured one of the young men.
"I knew a Chicago chap who lived East
two vears and went back not a half bad
sort." said the other. "God help him now,
though: his father made him go back to
work In a butcher shop or something of
the sort."
"lost thine I ever heard about Cal
cago," said Uncle Peter, "a man from
your town told me once he had to stay
in Chicago a year and, says he, 'I went
out there a New Yorker, and I went home
an American/ he savs." The old man
completed his anecdote In tones that were
slightly Inflamed.
"How extremely typical!" said Mrs. Mil
brey. "Truly the West Is the place of
unspoiled Americanism and the great un
spent forces: you are . quite" right, Mr.
Bines."
"Think of all the unsment forces back
in that silver mine." remarked Miss Mil
brey, with a patent effort to be signifi
cant.
"My perverse child delights to pose as
a sordid young woman," the fond mother
explained to Percival, "yet no one can be
less so. and you, Mr. Bines, I am sure,
would be the last to suspect her of it.
1 saw In you at once- those sterling qual
ities "
"Isn't it dreadfully dark down in that
Bterling silver mine?" observed Miss Mil
brey, apropos of nothing, apparently,
while her mother attacked a second chop
that she had meant not to touch.
"Here's hoping we'll soon be back In
God's own country," said Oldaker, raising
his class.
"Hear, hear!" cried Uncle .Peter, and
drained his glass eagerly as they drank
the toast. Whereat they all laughed and
Mrs. Drelmer said. "What a dear, lively
wit, for an old gentleman."
"Oldaker," said Shepler, "has really
been the worst sufferer. '- ills is his first
trip West."
"Beg pardon, Shepler! I was West as
far as Buffalo— let me see— in 1878 or
'p." ¦ .. ¦'. ' • - ¦
•"Dear me! is that so?" aueried Uncle
Peter. ."I got East as fur as Cheyenne
that same year. We nearly run into each
other, didn't we?"
, Shepler crlnned again.
"Oldaker found a man from New York
on the train the other day, up in one of
the emigrant cars. He was a truck
driver, and he looked it and talked it, but
Oldaker stuck by him all the afternoon.
"Well, he'd left the old town three
weeks after I had, and he'd been born
there the same year I was— in the Ninth
ward— and be remembered as well as I
did the day Barnum's museum burned at
Broadway and Ann. I liked to hear him
talk. Why. it was a treat Just to hear
him say Broadway and Twenty-third
street, or Madison square or City Hall
Park. The poor devil had consumption,
too. and probably he'll never see them
again. I don't know if I Bhall ever have
it, but I'd never leave the old town as he
was doing." •
"That's like Billy Brue," said Uncle
Peter. "Billy loves faro bank Jest as this
gentleman loves New York. When he
gets a roll he has to play. One time he
landed in Pocatello when there wa'n't but
one game in town. Billy found, it and
started in. A friend saw him there and
called him out. 'Billy/ says he, 'cash in
and come out: that's a brace game.*
•Sure?' says Billy. 'Sure,' says the feller.
•All right.' Bald Billy, 'much obliged fur
pn^tln' me on.' And he started out lookin*
fur another game. About two hours later
the feiler saw Billy comin' out of the
same place and Billy owned up he'd gone
back there and blowed in every cent.
'Why, you geezer,' says his friend, 'didn't
I put you on that they was dealln' brace
there?' 'Sure,' says Billy, 'sure you did.
But what could I do? It was the only
game in town!' "
"That New York mania Is the same
sort," said Shepler. laughing, while Mrs.
Drelmer requested everybody to fancy
Immediately.
"Your grandfather is so dear and
quaint." eald Mrs." Milbrey; '^ou must
certainly bring him to New York with
you, for of course a young man of your
capacity and graces will never be satisfied
out of New York."
"Young men like yourself are assuredly
needed there," remarked Mr. Milbrey
warmly.
"Surely they are." agreed Miss Milbrey,
and yet with a manner that seemed al
most to annoy both parents. They were
sparing no opportunity to make the young
man conscious of his real oneness with
those about him. and yet subtly to inti
mate that people of Just the Milbreys'
perception were required to divine it at
present. .
"These Westerners fancy you . one of
themselves. I dare say," Mrs. Milbrey had
said, and the young man purred under the
strokings. His fever for the East was
back upon him. His weeks with Uncle
Peter going over the fields where his
father had prevailed had made him con
valescent, but these New Yorkers — the
very manner and atmosphere of them —
undid the work. He envied them their
easier speech, their matter-of-fact air of
omniscience, the elaborate and cultivated
simplicity of their dress, their sureness
and sufficiency In all that they thought
and said and did. He was homesick again
for the life be had glimpsed. The West
was rude, desolate and depressing. Even
Uncle Peter, whom he had come warmly
to admire. Jarred upon him with his crud
ity and his Western assertiveness.
And there was the woman of the East,
whose presence had made the day to
seem dreamlike; and she was kind, which
was more than he would have dared to
hope, and her people, after their first cu
rious chill of indifference, seemed actually
to be courting him. She, the fleeting and
impalpable dream love, whom the thought
of seeing ever again had been wildly ab
surd, was now a human creature with a
local habitation, the most beautiful name
in the world, and two parents whose com
plaisance was obvious even through the
lover's timidity.
CHAFTER VIIL • '
. UP SKIPLAP CANYON.
The tneal was ending in smoke, the
women, excepting Miss Milbrey. having
lighted cigarettes with the men. The
talk had grown less truculently sectional.
The Angstead twins told of their late
fishing trip to Lake St. John for salmon,
of projected tours to British 'Columbia for
mountain sheep, and to Manitoba- for elk
and moose.
Mr. Milbrey described with minute and
loving particularity the preparation of
oeufs de Falsan, avec beurre au cham
pagne. \
Mrs. Milbrey related an anecdote of
New York society, not much in itself, but
which permitted the disclosure that «he
habitually addressed by their first names
three of the foremost society leaders, and
that each of these personages adopted a
like familiarity toward her.
Mrs. Drelmer 'declared that she meant
to have Uncle Peter Bines at one of her
evenings the very first time he should
come to New York, and that, if/he didn't
let her know of his coming, she would
be offended.
Oldaker related an incident of the ball
given to the Prince of Wales, traveling
as Baron Renfrew, on the evening of Oc
tober 12. 1S60, in which his father had fig
ured briefly before the royal guest to the
abiding credit ofAmerican tact and gen
tility.
Shepler was amused until he became
sleepy, whereupon he extended the free
dom of his castle to his guests, and re
tired to his stateroom.
Uncle Peter took a final shot at Old
aker. He was observed to be laughing,
and inquiry brought this:
"I Jest couldn't help snickerln' over his
idee of God's own country. He thinks'
God's own country is a little strip of an
island with a row of well-fed folks up
and down the middle, and a lot of hungry
folks on each side. Mebbe he's right. I'll
be bound, it needs the love of God. But
if it is his own country, it don't make
him any connysoor of countries with me.
I'll tell you that."
Oldaker smiled at this assault, the well
bred, tolerant smile that loyal New
Yorkers reserve for all such barbaric be
littling of their empire. Then he politely
asked Uncle Peter to show Mrs. Drelmer
and himself through the stamp mill.
At Percival's suggestion of a walk, Miss
Milbrey was delighted.
After an Inspection of the Bines car. In
which Oldaker declared he would be will
ing to live forever, if It could be anchored
firmly in Madison square, the party sep
arated.
Out into the clear air, already cooling
under the slanting rays of the sun, the
young man and the girl went together.
Behind them lay the one street of the lit
tle mining camp, with its wooden shan
ties on either' side of the railroad track.
Down this Btreet Uncle Peter had gone,
leading his charges toward the busy ant
hill on the mountain side. Ahead the track
wound up the canyon, cunningly following
the tortuous course of the little river to
be sure of practical grades. On the far
ther side of the river a mountain road
paralleled the railway. Up this road the
two went, followed by a playful admoni
tion from Mrs. Milbrey, "Remember, Mr.
Bines. I place my child In your keeping."
Percival waxed conscientious about his
charge and insisted at once upon being
assured that Miss Milbrey would be warm
enough with the scarlet golf cape about
her shoulders; that she was used to walk
ing long distances; that her boots were
stoutly soled, and that she didn't mind
the sun \n their faces. Th» gtrl laughed
at him.
Looking up the canyon with Its wooded
sides, cool and green, they could sea a
gray, dim mountain, with patches of snow
near Its top, In the far distance, and
ranges of lesser eminences stepping up
to /It. "It's a hundred miles away," ha
told her.
Down the canyon the little river flick
ered toward them, like a btllowy «llv«r
rilbon "trimmed with whit* chiffon
around the rocks," declared the glrL
rfn the blue depths of the tky, an Im
mense height above, lolled an eagle, lazy
of wing. In lordly Indolence. The sugges
tions to the eye were all of spacious dis
tances and large masses— of the room and
stuff for unbounded action.
•Tour West Is the breathlngeat place/*
she said, as they crossed a foot bridge
over the noisy little stream and turned
up the road. "I don't believe I ever drew
a full breath until I came to these alti
tudes."
"One has to breathe more air here—
there's less oxygen In It. and you must
breathe more to get your •hare, and «o
after a while one becomes robust. Tour
cheeks are already glowing, and we've
hardly started. There, now, there are
your colors, eee— "
Along the edge of the green pines^and
epruce were lavender asters. A little way
In the woods they could see the blue col-*
umblnes and the mountain rfhlox. pink
and red.
"There are your eyes and your cheeks." .
"What a dangerous character you'd be
If you were sent to match silks!"
¦ On the dry. barren elopes of gravel
across the river, full In the sun's glare.
grew the Spanish bayonet, with Its spikes
of creamy white flowers.
"There I am. more nearly," she pointed
to them; "they're ever so much nearer
my disposition. But about this thin
air; It must make men wcrk harder
for what comes easier back In our
country, bo that they may become
able to do more — more capable. I am
thinking of your grandfather. You don't
know how much I admire him. He Is so
stanch and strong and fresh. There's
more fire In him now than In my
fathe/ orLaunton Oldtaker. and I tfare
eay he's a score older than either of.
them. I don't think you quite appreciate
what a great old fellow he Is."
"I admire Uncle Peter much more. rm' (
sure, than he admires me. He's afraid
I'm not strong enough to admire that
Eastern climate of yours— social and
moral."
"I suppose it's natural for you to wish
to go. You'd be bored here, would you
not? You couldn't stay In these moun
tains and be such a man as your grand
father. And yet there ought to be so
much to do here; It's all so fresh and
roomy and Jolly. Really, I've grown en
thusiastic about 1L"
"Ah. but think of what there Is .to the
East— and you are there. To think that
for six months I've treasured every little
memory of you— tuch a funny little lot as
they were— to think that this morning I
awoke thinking of you. yet hardly hoping
ever to see you, and to think that for
half the night we had ridden so near
each other In sleep, and there was no sign ,
or signal or good omen. And then to
think you should burst upon me like
come new sunrise that the stupid astron
omers hadn't predicted.
"You see," he went on. after a moment,
"I don't ask what you think of me. You
couldn't think anything much as yet. but
there's something about this whole af
fair, our meeting and all. that makes me
think It's going to be symmetrical In the
end. I know it won't end here. I'll tell,
you' one way Western men learn. They
learn not to be afraid to want things out
of their, reach, and they believe devoutly
—because they've proved It so often— that
if you want a thing hard enough and
keep wanting it. nothing can keep It
away from you."
• A bell bad been tinkling nearer and
nearer on the road ahead. Now a heavy
wagon, filled with sacks of ore. came Into
view, drawn by four mules. As they
Etood aside to let It pass he scanned her
face for- any sign it might show, but ha
could see no more than a look of Interest
for the brawny driver of the wagon,
shouting musically to his straining team.
"You are rather Inscrutable," he said,
as they resumed the road.
She turned and smiled lntc hi* eyes
with utter frankness.
"At least you must be sure that I Ilk*
you; that I am very friendly; that I want !
to know you better, and want you to
know me better. You don't know me at
all, you know. You Westerners have an
other way of accepting people too readily.
It may work no harm among yourselves,
but perhaps Easterners are a bit more
perilous. Sometimes, now, a very East
ern person doesn't even accept herself—
hlmse;:— very trustingly; she— he— finds It
so hard to get acquainted with himself."
The young man provided one of those
silences of which a few discerning men
are Instinctively capable and for whlcn
women thank them.
"This road," she said,, after a llttl* time
of rapid walking, "leads right up to the
end of the world, doesn't It? See, It ends
squarely in the sun." They stopped where
the turn had opened to the west a long
vista of gray and purple hills far and
high. They stood on a ridge of broken
quartz and gneiss, thrown up In a bygone
age. To their left a few dwarf Scotch flrs
threw shadows back toward the town.
The ball of red fire In the west was halt
below the rim of the distant peak.
"Stand so"— and she spoke In a slightly
bushed tone that moved him a step nearer '
almost to touch her arm— "and feel the
round little earth turning with us. W«
always think the sun drops down away
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
Has been success*
-£S*»y3!sL fuIly use<1 by lead "
>oTj*H> «?** 'n& actresses, slaj-
/flfA erB ani *~omen o!
kW-a ftSSl fashion for mor*
VSJ ¥? i*^f than 23 years.
1^3 «*• p^ Vv'hereTer applied
Vg < <*r/ * H Is Instantly ab-
'- g*5 W sorbed through the
b ** pores of the skin,
jf • (I and Its wonderful
\ nutrition feeds tae
w^ wasting tissues*
K^Tfc. Removing Pimples
C&'ilrfL^ ' .^ ¦*« »f *7 made, eu
' ( T«^r— \ \A application often
*1lU?/V JlA" • howln * a remark.
*'*^!* I*23ri7 able improvement.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is pos!Uv«ly
the only preparation known to medical scieac*
that will round out hollows In the neck aa4
produce firm, healthy ncsb on this cheeks, anas
and hands.
TOR DEVELOPING THE BTJ&T
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it has th*
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two box**
Is often sufficient to maks tha bust firm,
large and beautiful.
BOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUOOISTS.
Kegular price. . $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
tend us one dollar we will send two (2) boxe*
>n plain wrapper.
FnCC - — A sample box and our book.
K L» E. "ART OF MASSAGE." fully ill
lustra ted. will be . sent free to any tady send-
ing 10 cents to pay for cost of mailing-. Address
. DR. CHARLES CO.. 19 Pixk flue, Mew Tux.THE SUKDAT . CALL.
4
•
from us. but It stays still. Now remember
your astronomy and feel the earth turn.
See— you can actually see It mow — whlrl
lr.g along like a child's ball because it
can't help Itself, and then there's the
other motion around the sun. and the
other, the ruthing of everything through
tpace. and who knows how many others,
and yet we plan our futures and think we
t-hall do finely this way cr that, and al
ways forget that we're taken along in
spite of ourselves. Sometime* I think 1
shall give up trying; and then I see ia#r
that even that feeling was one of the un
known motions that I couldn't contn*.
The onlv wiing we know is that we are
moved in tpite of ourselves, so what is
the use of bothering about how many
ways, cr where they shall fetch us?"
"Ah, Miss Khayyam. I've often read
your father's verses."
"No relation whatever: we're the same
person— he was I."
"But don't forget you can see the earth
n.oving by a rising as well as by a setting
ttar, by watching a sun riee— "
"A rising star if you wish," she said,
rroUing once more with perfect candor
and friendliness.
They turned to go back in the quick
coming mountain dusk.
As th«y started downward she sang
from the "Persian Garden," and he blend
ed his voice with hers:
V)»<!f wbfji young did eagerly frequent
] "¦• i' r and aa;nt and beard gr>ai argument
About It «nd about; but evermore
Cfcme out by the earoe door where in I went.
. • v-.'p.-.': ¦ v --I.,-"..----- : .- ¦¦ .-¦¦".- -¦¦;¦,¦.'¦'¦
With them th« eeed of wl»dc:^ did I bow.
And with my enn hand wrought to make It
grow ;
And this «-•« ill the h»rvest that I rrap<?<J —
"1 came like water and like wind I ro."
"I shall look forward to teeing you— and
yoUr mother and sister?— in New York,"
she said, when they parted, "and I am
sure I shall have more to say when we're
better known to each other."
"If you were the one woman before, if
the thought of you was more than the
substance of any other to me — you must
know how it v. Ill be now, when the dream
ha> come true. It's no small thing for
your beet dream to come true."
"Dear me! haven't we been sentimental
and philosophic? I'm never like this at
home. 1 assure you. I've really been
thoughtful."
From up ;he canyon came the sound of
a pufliug locomotive that presently
Homestead" quartet sings "Where is My
Wandering Boy To-night?" I could see
she was annoyed and a Iltt!i worried, be
cause he was past taking notice.
The man kept' yelling the number of
their carriage from time to time, while
the others he'd called were driving up—
it was 243 if any one ever tries to worm
it out of you— and then I saw from her
face that 249 had wriggled pretty near to
the curb, but was still kept awav by an
other carnage. She said something to the
drunken cub and started to reach the car
riage by going out into the street behind
the one in ltd way. At the same time
their carriage started forward and the
inebriate, instead of going with hir, start
ed the other way to meet it, and so. there
she was alone on the slippery pavement
in this muddle of prancins horses and
yelling terriers.
If you can get any bets that I was more
than two seconds getting out there to her,
take them all. and give better than track
odds if necessary. Then I guess she got
rattled, for when I would have led her
back to the curb she made a clash the
other way and all but slipped under a
team of bays that were just a< htng to
claw the roses off her hat. I saw she was
helplees and "turned around. ' so I just
naturally grabbed her and she was so
frightened by this tlnie that sh? grabbed
me, and the result was that I carried her
to the sidewalk and set her down. Their
carriage still stood there witu little Geor
gia Rumlets screaming to the driver to go
on. 1 had her inside In a Jiffy, and they
were off. Not a word rbout "My Preser
ver!" though, of course, with the fright
and noise and her mortification, tliat was
natural.
Afttr that, you can believe it or not.
she was the girl, .r.nd 1 never dreamed of
seeing her any place but New York again.
.Well, this morning when 1 came up from
below at the mine she was standing there
as if she had been waiting for me. She
is Miss Avice Milbrey. of New York. Her
father and mother— fine people, the real
thing, I Judge— were with her, members
of a party Rulon Shepler has with him
on his car. They've been here all day:
went through the mine;' had lunch w;th
them, and later a walk with her. they
leaving at 5:30 for the East. We got on
fairly well, considering. She is a won
der, if anybody cross-examines you. She
Is about your height. 1 ehould judge,
about five feet four, though not so plump
as you: still htr look of sienderness is de-
Mn«iv« svic't nna nf th*. hnilfl that aren't
was pointed out to me, and while
I " do you not the injustice of
supposing it would make the least
difference to you, she I. . rather
a beauty, you'll find; figure fulllsh, yel
low hair and a good-natured, well-fea
tured, pleasing sort of face; a bit rococo
In manner, I suspect; a little too San
Francisco, as so many of these Western
beauties are, but you'd not mind that,
and a year in New York will tone her
down anyway.
Now if your dear uncle will only confer
a lasting benefit upon the world and his
title upon you, by paying the only debt
he is ever liable to pay, I am persuaded
you could be the man here. I know nothing
of how the fortune was left, nor of its ex
tent, except that it's sa!d to be stlrlish and
out here, t.at means a «is, round sum.
The reason I write promptly is that you
may not go out of the country just now.
That sweet little Mllbrey chit— really,
Avice is far too old now for ingenue parts
—has not only grappled the son with
hooks of steel, but from remarks the
good mother dropped concerning the fine
qualities of her son, she means to convert
the daughter's dot into Milbrey prestige,
also. AVhat a glorious double stroke it
would be, after all their years of trying.
However, with your title, even in pros
pective, Fred Milbrey is no rival for you
to fear' providing you are on the ground
as soon as he, which is why I wish you
to stav in New York.
I am iudetd gratified that you have
broken off whatever affair there may have
been between you and that music-hall
person. Really, you know, though they
talk so about us, a young man can't mess
about with that sort of thing in New
York as he can in London. So I'm glad
she's gone back, and as she is In no posi
tion to harm you I should pay no atten
tion to her threats. What under heaven
did the creature expect? Why should she
have wanted to marry you?
I shall see you probably in another fort
night.
You know that Milbrey girl must get
her effronterv direct from where they
make it. She pretended that at first she
took young Bines for wnat we all -took
him. an employe of the mine. You can
almost catch them wlnl"Ing at each other,
when she tells It. and dear mamma with
such beautiful resignation, says, "My
Avice Is so Impulsively democratic."
Dear Avice, you know, is really quite as
impulsive as the steel bridge our train
has lust rattled over. Sincerely,
look at, one of those broad, high-cheeked
faces one sees so much in the West, with
the funniest quick yellowish gray eyes,
and the most disreputable mustache I
ever saw, yellow and ragged. If he must
eat it, I wish he would eat it off even
clear across.. And he's likely to talk the
most execrable slang, or to quote Brown
ing. But he was making real love, and
you know I'm not used to that. I'm ac
customed to go my pace before sharply
calculating eyes, to show if I'm worth the
asking price. But here was real love be
ing made off down in the earth (we'd run
away from the others because I liked him
at once). I don't mind telling you he
moved me, partly because I had won
dered about him from that' night, and
partly because of all I had come to feel
about this new place and the new people,
and because he seemed such a fine, active
specimen of Western manhood. I .won't
tell you all the wild lawless thoughts that
scurried and sneaked through my mind—
they don't matter now— for all at once It
came out that he was the only son of that
wealthy Bines who died awhile ago— you
remember the name was mentioned thai
night at your house when they were dis
cussing the exodus of Western million
aires to New York; some one named the
father as one who liked coming to New
York to dissipate occasionally, but who
was still rooted in the soil where his mil
lions grew.
There was the son before me. Just an
ordinary man of millions, after all— and
my little toy balloon of romance that I'd
been floating so gayly on a string of sen
timent was pricked to nothing in an in
stant. I felt my nostrils expand with the
excitement of the chase, and thereafter I
was my coldly professional self. If that
young man has not now a high estimate
of my charms of person and mind, then
have my ways forgot their cunning and I
be no longer the daughter of Margaret
Milbrey. nee Van Schoule. ¦
But. Mutterchen, now comes the dis
graceful part. I'm afraid of myself, even
in spite of our affairs being so bad. Dad
has doubtless told you something must
be done very Eoon, and I seem to be the
only one to do it. And yet I am shying
at the gate. This trip has unsettled me, I
tell you, letting me. among other things,
see my old sc.f. Before I always rather
liked the idea of marriage, that Is, after
I'd been out a couple of yaars— not
1nn wnll V.,,f .,¦.., it i. __.. _ -
him no, or shall I steel myself to go In
and hurt him— make him writhe?
And yet do you know what he gave me
while I was with him? I wonder if women
feel it commonly?, It was a desire for
motherhood— a curiously vivid and very
definite longing— entirely irrespective of
him, you understand, although he inspired
it. Without loving him or being at all
moved toward him. he mad* me sheerly
want to be a mother! . Or Is it only that
men we don't love make us feel motherly?
Am I wholly Irrational and .elfish and
bad, or what am I? I know you'll lov*
me, whatever it 1., and I wish now I
could snuggle on that .oft. cushiony
shoulder of your, and go to sleep.
Can anything be more pitiful than
"a fine old family" afflicted with dry
rot like our.? I'm always amused
when I read about the suffering in
tho tenements. The real anguish i. up in
the homes like ours. We have, to do with
out so very many more things, and mere
hunger and cold are easy compared to
the suffering we feel.
Perhaps when I'm back to that struggle
for appearances, I'll relent and "barter
my charms" as the old novel, used to .ay.
sanely and decently like a well brought
up New York girl— with certain reserva
tions, • to a man who can support the
family in the style it want, to become
accustomed. Yet there may hi a way
out. There is a Bine, daughter, for ex
ample, and mamma, who nevsr doe. one
half where she can as well do two, will
marry her to Fred If she can. On the
other hand, Joe Drelmer wa. putting 1 in
words for young Mauburn, who will be
Lord Casselthorpe when hi. disreputable
old uncle dies.
She hasn't yet spent what she got for
Introducing the Canovai prince to that
oldest Elarton girl, so If she secures this
prize for Mauburn, she'll be comfortable
for a couple of more years. Perhap. I
could turn my hand to .omething* like
that. I know the rope, as well as .he
does.
There, it is a punishment of a letter.
Isn't it, dear? But I've known every bad
place in it, and I've religiously put in your
"Come, come, child!" every time It be
longed, so you've not still to scold me,
for which be comforted a little: and give
me only a few words of cheerful approval
if your conscience will let you. I need
that, after all, more than advice. Look
for us in a week. With a bear-hug for
you, AVICE.
P. S. I. It tru. that Ned BteUna , «d
hli wife hav« fixed It up and are together
train .inc. W« return? Not that I a . m
terested especially, but I chanced to , bear
It cossiped the other day here on »• "^
Indeed. I hope you know how therougmy
I detest that man!
CHAPTER X.
THB PRICE Or AVERTING A 8CAN
,:. DAL.
Jim the train resumed speed after stop
ping at a station. Grant, the !»*«;• ej£!
back to the observation room of the Bm«
car with a telegram for Uncle Je ter - "J
old man read It and for a time mused
him«K into .eemin* oblivion. Across tne
ear. near by. Percival lounged in a wicker
armchair and stared cheerfully •»*¦*£
the fathering nlsbt. He. too. wu mus
in*, hi. thought, keeping Pl*w*ntly to
time with the rhythmic click of the
wheel, over the rail Joint.. After a day
in the open air be wa. growing •!«»•
Uncle Peter aroused him by »akta« his
way back to the desk, the ro Hop of
which he lifted with a sudden rattle He
called to PerdvaL Sitting down at the
desk he read the telegram again and
handed it to the youns man. who ™&a.
"Party will try to make good; no bluff.
Won't compromise inside set limit. Have
seen piper ¦ ¦ and wish another interview
before P follow** original I-tnicUons.
Party will wait forty-eight hours before
acting. Where can you be ' "SpSv "
flee to-night. TAFE & <*?*"";• ._
The youn* man looked oP^fW'f
terest. Uncle Peter was wrltin* on a tel
6l^f h e b i a Splen. Butte. Montana: Due
Butte 7:30 a. m. to-morrow. Join me on
car nought aixteen. *»*$?Sj§££
To 'the porter who answered hi. rin* he
banded the message to be put off at the
first stop. , _
"But what', it all aboutr* asked Per
cival, seeing by Uncle Peter*, manner
that he wa. expected to •ho <wr 1I co " ce 1 rn -
Uncle Peter closed the de.k. lighted one
of hi. best cigars and dropped into a ca
pacious chair. The young man seated
himself opposite.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
steamed by them with Its three dingy lit
tle eoacbca. and, after a stop for water
and the throwing of, a switch, pushed
bark to connect with the Shepler car.
The others of the party crowded cut on
the reur Dlatform as Percival helped
Hiss Mlibrey up the steps. Uncle Peter
had evidently been chatting with Shepler,
for as th*>v came out the old man was
so big as they look, nor yet so small as
they look. Thoroughbred is the word for
her— style and action, as the horse people
say, perfect. The poise of her head, her
mettlesome manner, her walk, show that
she's been bred up like u Derby winner.
Her face is the one all the aristocrats are
copied from, finely cut nose, chin Jlrm but
JOSEPHINE PRESTON DRELMER.
From Miss Avice Mllbrey to Mrs. Cornelia
Van Geist, New York.
Mutterchen. dearest, I feel like that
preen hunter you had to sell last spring—
the one that would go at a fence with
the most perfect display of serious in
tentions, nnd'then balk and bolt when it
-wv, ..V..., uui wen cuuugu — ana now some
way I rebel, not from scruples, but from
pure selfishness. I'm beginning to find
that I want to enjoy myself and to find,
further, that I'm not indisposed to take
chances, as they say out here Will you
understand, I wonder? And do women
who sell themselves ever find any real
pleasure in the bargain? The most elo-
saying. " 'Get acticn* is my motto. Do
things. Don't fritter. Be something and
be It good and hard. Get action early
and Often."
Shepler nodded. "But men like us are
apt to be unreasonable with the young.
We cxnect them to have their own vigor
and cur wisdom, and the Infirmities of
neither."
The good-byes were hastily eald, and
the little train rattled down the canyon.
bliss Mllbrey stood in tn; door of the car,
and Percival watched her while the glist
rr.inp rails that setmed to be pushing her
sway narrowed in perspective. She stood
motionless and inscrutable to the last,
hut still looking steadily toward him—al
most wistfully, it seemed to him once.
"Well," he ealrt cheerfully to Uncle
Peter.
"You know, son. 1 don't like to cuss.
but exeeot one or two of them folks I'd
sooner live in the middle kittle of hell
than in the plare that turns 'em out.
They rile me — that talk about 'people in
the humbler walks of life.' Of course I
am humble, but then, son, if you come
right down to it. an the feller Eaid. I
iln't so damned j.umble!"
dainty, Mrs just delicately run ana me
reddest ever, and her color when she haa
any a rose-pink. 1 don't know that I can
give you her eyes. You only see first that
they're deep and clear, but as near as
anything they are the warm slatlsh lav
ender blue you see In the little fall as
ters. She has so much hair it makes her
head look email, a sort of light chestnut,
with warmish streaks In it. Transparent
is another word for her. You can look
right through her — eyes and skin are so
clear. Her nature, too, is the frank, open
kind, "step in and examine our stock; no
trouble to show poods," and all that, and
she Is so beautifully unconscious of her
beauty that it goes double. At times she
gave me a queer little impression of be
ing older at the same than I am, though
she can't be a day over 20; but I guess
that's because she's been around In so
ciety so much. Probably she'd be called
the typical New York girl If you wanted
to talk talky talk.
Now I've told you everything except
that the people all asked kindly after
you. especially her mother and a Mrs.
Drelmer, who's a four-horse team all by
herself. Oh, yes! No, I can't remember
very well; some kind of a brown walking
came to jumping, wan it De tnat 1. wno
have Veen trained from the cradle to the
Idea of marrying for money, will bolt the
pate after nil the expense and pains lav
ished upon my education to this end;
after the years spent In learning how to
enchant, subdue, and exploit the most
useful of all animals, and the most agree
able, barring a few? And yet, right when
I'm the fittest— 24 years old, knowing all
my cood points and Just how to coerce
the most admiration for each, able nicely
to calculate the exact" disturbing effect of
the ensemble upon any poor male, and
feeling confident of my excessively eligi
ble parti when I decide for him— in this
situation, striven for so earnestly. I feel
like bolting the bars. How my trainer
and jockey would weep tears of rage and
despair if they guessed it!
There, there — I know your shrewd gray
eyes are crackling with curiosity and you
want to know what it's all about, whether
to scold me or mother me, and will I
please omit the entrees and yet to the
roast mutton. But you dear, dear old
aunt, you, there is more vagueness than
detail, and I know I'll strain your patience
before I've done. But, to relieve your
mind, nothing at all has really happened.
quent examples, the ones who sell them
selves to many men, lead wretched lives.
But does the woman who sells herself to
but one enjoy life any more? 8he's sure
ly as bad, from any standpoint of morals,
and I imagine sometimes she is less nap
py. At any rate, she has less freedom
and more obligations under her contract.
You see I am philosophizing pretty cold
ly. Now be horrified if you will.
I am selfish by good right, though.
"Haven't we spent all our surplus in
keeping you up for a good marriage?"
says the mater, meaning by a good mar
riage that I shall bring enough money
into the family to "keep up its tradi
tions." I am, in other words, an lnvest
ment from which they expect large re
turns. 1 told her I hoped she could trace
her selfishness to its source as clearly as
I could mine, and as for the family tradi
tions, Fred was preserving those in an
excellent medium..- Which was very ugly
in me, and I cried i-fterward and told
her how sorry I was.
Are you shocked by my cold calcula
tions? Well, I am trying to let you un
derstand me; and I
— have no time to waste
In patching Rg leavea for the naked truth.
CHAPTER IX.
THREE LETTERS. PRIVATE AND
CONFIDENTIAL.
FROM MR. PERCIVAL BINES TO MISS
PSYCHE BINES. MONTANA CITY.
On Car at Skiplap Tuesday Night.
Dear Biei When you kept nagging me
about "Who is the girl?" and I said you
tould search me. you wouldn't have It
that way. But honestly, until this morn
ing I didn't know her myself. Now that
I can put you next, here goes.
One night last March, after I'd come
back from twe other side, I happened Into
a little theater on Broadway where a
burlesque was running. It's a rowdy lit
tle place — a music hall— but nice people
go there because, though It's stuffy. It's
kept decent.
Sbe was In a box with two men— one old
and one young— and an older woman. As
soon at- I caw her the had me lashed to
the mast in a high sea, with the great salt
waves dashing over me. I never took
much stock in the tales about it happen
ing at first sight, but they're as matter
of-fact as market reports. Soon as I
looked at her It seemed to me I'd known
her always. I was sure we knew each
other better than any two people between
the Battery and Yonkers, and that I
wasn't acting sociable to sit down there
away from her and pretend we were
strangers yet Actually, It rattled me so
I had to take the full count If I hadn't
been wedged In between a couple of peo
ple that filled all the space, end then
some. It Isn't any twenty to one that I
wouldn't have gone right up to her and
asked her what she meant by cutting me.
I was ugly enough for It But I kept
FKin, snort, ana nign Doots ana one or
those biue-striped shirtwaists, the jwjueezy
looking kind, and when we went to walk
a red plaid golf cape; and for general all
around dearness— say, the other entries
would all turn green and have to be with
drawn. If any one thinks this thing is
going to end here you make a book on it
right away; take all you can set. little
Will!** Lushiets was her brother — a lovely
boy If you get to talking reckless. With
love to Lady Abercromble, and trusting,
my dear Countess, to have the pleasure
of meeting you at Henley a fortnight
hence, 1 remain, most cordially yours,
E. MALVERN PEVYR ST. TREVORS.
Bart, and Notary Public.
From Mrs. Joseph Drelmer to the Hon.
Cecil G. H. Maubtirn. New York:
EN ROUTE, August 2*.
My Dear Mauburn— Eve.r hear of the
tribe of Bineg? If not, you need to. The
father immensely wealthy, died a bit ago,
leaving a widow and two children, one of
the latter being a marriageable daughter
In more than the merely technical sense.
There Is also a grandfather, now a little
descended into the vale of years, who. they
tell me, has almost as many dollars as
you or I would know what to do with,
a queer old chap who lounges about the
mountains and looks as if he might have
anything but money. We met the son
and the old man at one of their mines
yesterday. They have a private car as
large as Shepler'B and 1 even more syba
ritic, and they'd been making a tour of
Inspection over their properties. They
lunched with us. Knowing the Milbreys,
you will divine the warmth of their be
havior toward the eon. It was too funny
at first. Avice was the only one to sus
pect at once that he was the very con
siderable personage he Is, and so she
promptly sequestered him. with a skill
After all, it's mostly a troublesome state
of mind, that I shall doubtless find gone
when wo reach Jersey City— and In two
ways this Western trip is responsible for
It. Do you know the journey Uself has
T^een fascinating. Too bad so many of us
cross the ocean twenty times before we
know anything of this country. We loi
ter in Paris, do the stupid German water
ing-places, the Norway fiords, down to
Italy for the museums, see the chateaux
of the I>oire, or do the English race
tracks, thinking we're 'mused; and all
the time out here where the sun goes
down Is an intensely interesting and beau
tiful country of our own that we over
look. You know I'd never before been
even as far_ as Chicnsro. Now for the
first time I can appreciate lots of those
things In Whitman, that
I think heroic d^eds were all conceived in the
open air, and free noemi, alua.
Now I «ee the s«cret of making tin best per
son* :
It Is to grow In th« oren air and to eat and
*!eep with the earth.
I mayn't have quoted correctly, but you
know the sort of thing I mean, that
Founds so breezy and stimulatlnz. And
they've helped me understand the Im
mensity of the landscapes and the ideas
out here, the big, throbbing, rough young
life, and under it all. as Whitman Bays,
"a meaning— Democracy, American Dem
ocracy." Really it's been interesting, the
JoKiest time of my life, and i»'s got me
all unsettled. More than once in watch
ing some scene typical of the region, the
plain, busy, earnest people. I've actually
thrilled to think that this was my oun
t y_felt r that queer little tlckMnK tingle
that locates your spine for you. I'm sure
there's no cnnul here. Some one said the
other day, "Ennui is a disease i!;al Cfjme3
from living on other people's money." I
I am cursed not only with consistent
feminine longings and desires, but, in
spite of my training and the examples
around me, with a disinclination to be
wholly vicious. Awhile ago my marriage
meant only more luxury and less worry
about money. 1 never gave any thought
to the husband, certainly never concerned
myself with any notions of duty or obli
gation toward him. The-girls I know are
taught painstakingly how to get a hus
band, but nothing of how to be a wife.
The husband in my case was to be an in
convenience, but doubtless an amusing
one. For all his oppression, if there were
that, and even for the mere offense of his
existence, I should wreak my spite mer
rily on his vulgar dollars.
But you are saying that I like the pres
ent eligible. That's the trouble. I like
him so well I haven't the heart to marry
him. When I was 20 I could have loved
him devotedly, 1 believe. Now something
sf ems to be gone, some freshness or fond
ness. J can still love— I know it only too
well night and day— but it must be a dif
ferent kind of man. He is bo very young
and reverent and tender, and in a way so
unsophisticated. He is so afraid of me,
for 'all his pretense of boldness.
Is it because I must be taken by sheer
force? I'll not be surprised if it is. Do
we not in our secret soul of souIb nourish
this beatitude, "Blessed Is the man wno
destroys all barriers?" Florence Akemit
said as much one day, and Florence, poor
soul, knows something of the matter. Do
we not sit defiantly behind ihe barriers,
insolently challenging— threatening capital
punishment for any assault, reluming not
«,i:e teveiity. jet tailing mtek and sub
missive and giad 10 the man who brmaily
and honestly beats them down and de
stroys them utterly? So many fail by
merely beating them down. Of course.
loosing ana alter awnile I was able to
Kit up and ask what hit me.
Ehe was dressed In something black
and kind of Bhlny and wore a big black
hat fussed up with little red roses, and
her face did more things to me In a min
ute than all the rcet I've ever seen It
was full cf little kissy places. Her lip«
were very red and her teeth were very
white, and I couldn't tell about her eves
born of her long practice, in the depths
of the earth, somewhere near China, I
fancy. Her dear parents were furious.
Dressed as one of the miners they took
him to be an employe. The whole party,
taking the cue from outraged parent
hood, treated him icily when he emerged
from one of those subterranean galleries
with that tender eprig of girllshness.
That is. we were Icy until, on the way up,
said no, that I'd often had as fine an at
tack as If I'd been left a billion, that
ennui is when you don't know what to do
next and wouldn't do it If you did. Well,
here they always do know whtit to do
next, and as one of them told me, "We
always get tip early the day before to do
it."
Auntie, dear, the trip has made me
more restless and dissatisfied than ever.
If an untlciy litter Is left we make a row.
\Ve reconstruct th« barrier and that par
ticular assailant Is thenceforth deprived
of a combatant's rights. What a dear you
are that I can say these things to you!
Were girls so frank in your time?
Well, ray knight of the "golden cross"
(Joke; laughter and loud applause, and
cries of "Go on'") has a little, much-in
deed, of the impetuous in him, but, alas!
But ebe was bref. up to the Jat notch I
cculd see that.
Well. I watched her through the tobacco
Einoke until the last curtain felL They
were putting on wraps for a minute or so
and I noticed that the young fellow In the
party, who'd been drinking all through
the show, wasn't a bit too steady to do an
act on the high wire. They left the box
and came down the etalrs and I bunched
Into the crowd and let myself ooze out
with them, wondering if I'd ever see her
Rga!:i.
I fetched up at an exit on the side
street, and there they were dirtctly -In
front of me. I Just naturally drifted to
one side and continued my little private
corner in crude rubber. It was drizzling
in a beaetly way. the street wa» full of
¦carriages, numbers were being called.cab
drivers were insulting each other hoarse,
ly, people dashing out to see If their car
riages weren't coming— everything In a
whirl of drizzle and dark and yells, with
the horses' hoofs on the pavement sound
ing like caetanets. The two older people
got Into a carriage and were driven off,
while she and the young fellow waited
for theirs. 1 could see then that he was
pood and soused. He was the same lad
they threw on the «creen when the "Old
he remaining In the depths. Avice's dear
mother began to rebuke the thoughtless
minx for her Indiscretion of strolling
' through the earth with a working person.
Then Avice. sweet chatterbox, with Joy
ful malice revealed that the roung man,
1 whose name none of us had caught, was
Bines, and that he owned the mine we
were In, and she didn't know how many
others, nor did ehe believe he knew him
self. You should have felt the tpmpefa
, ture rise. It went up faster than we were
• going. By the time we reached the sur
face the two Mllbreys wore looks that
, would have made the angels of peace and
i good-will look full of hatred and distrust.
, Nothing would satisfy them but that we
, wait to thank the young Croesus for hla
; courtesy. I waited because I remembered
! the daughter, and Oldaker and the Ang
. stead twins waited out of decency. And
. when the genius of the mine appeared
. from out his golden catacombs we fell
. upon him in desperate kindness,
i Later In the day I learned from him
¦ that he expects to bring his mother and
i sister to New York this fall, and that
, they mean to make their home there
I hereafter. Of course that means that the
i girl has notions of marriage. What made"
I me think eo quickly of her is that in San
Francisco, at a theater last winter, she
It makes me want to do something— to
risk something, to want to want some
thing more than I've ever learned to
want.
That's one reason I'm acting badly. The
other reason will interest you more.
It's no less a reason than the athletic
young Bayard who cheated those cab
horses of their prey that night Fred didn't
drink all the Scotch wh!s..ev in New
York. Our meeting, and the mater's
treatment of him before she discov
ered who he was, are too delicious
to write. * must wait to tell you.
It's enough to say now that though I
heard his name It recalled nothing to me,
and I took him from his dress to be a
workingman In the mine we were visiting,
though from his speech and manner of a
gentleman, some one in authority. Dear,
he was bo dear, and so Westernly breezy
and progressive and enterprising and so
appallingly candid. I've been the "one'
woman" to him, "the unknown: but re
membered ideal," since that encounter.
Of course that was to be. . said, , but
strangely enough he meant it. He was
actually and unaffectedly making love to
¦ me. He's not so large or tall, but quick
and springy, and muscled like a panther.
He's no' beautiful, either, but nleasant to
not enough. He has a pretty talent for it
but no genius. If I were married to him
to-morrow, as surely I am a woman I
should be made to Inflict pain upon him
the. next day, with an insane stress to
show him, perhaps, I was not the Ideal
woman he had thought me — perhaps out
of a jealousy of that very ideal I had in
spired—rational creatures, aren't we?— beg
pardon— not me, then, but I. Now he, be
ing a real likable man of a man, can I
do that— for money? Do I want the money
badly enough? Would I not even rather
be penniless with 'the man who coerced
every great passion and littlest impulse,
body and soul — perhaps with a very hate
ful insolence of power over me? Do you
know, I suspect sometimes that I've been
trained down too line, as to my nerves, I
mean. I doubt if It's safe to pamper and
trim and stimulate and refine a woman In
that hothouse atmosphere — at : least if
she's a healthy woman. She's too apt
I some time to break her gait, get the bit of
tradition between her teeth and then let
her impulses run away with her.
Oh,' Mutterchen, I am bo sick and sore,
and yet filled with a strange new zest for
this old puzzle of life. Will I ever, be the
same again? This man Is going to ask
•me to marry him the moment I am ready
for him to. Shall I be kind enough to tell
9 ly over tho hips to >
1 insure a perfect fitting outer skirt, and that is the way these
I are made. ¦
I TRUTH MUST PREVAIL, OR YOUR MONEY BACK. \
J LADIES' PETTICOAT
1 Made of Fast Black Sateen, trimmed with a wide graduating accordion
1 pleated flounce, tailcy stitched seams, also dust ruffle. That fl*-| f\t\
1 kind that hansr and fit as they should »^l«vU
\ LACIES' PETTICOAT
I • Made of Fast Black. Stainless Italian Cloth, trimmed with a ten-inch
flounce finished with two braid-trimmed ruffle.;, tailor stitched bands.
Generous hi width and length. Only to be had at the fl*-| (\f\
: money-saving store for : JM.UU
LADIES' PETTICOAT
Made of Fast Black N car Silk, in white and polka dotted- effects. Fin-
ished with an extra wide accordion pleated flounce, trimmed with a ruffle.
Perfect in hang and fit. Joe Rosenberg's for such low fl*-| f\f\
prices as these: *pl»V/l/
L* DIES' PETTICOAT .
Made of Fast Black Italian Cloth, trimmed with a deep -flounce, fin-
ished with three braid-trimmed ruffles, tailor-made throughout. If
* made to order they could not be better. Our low prices ff -| * n
maKe us SO busy 4) I • 1 D
ILADJFS' PETTICOAT
Made of Fast Black Berlin Sateen, satin finish, trimmed with a ten-inch
flounce, finished with a hemstitched and tucked ruffle: also, dust ruffle,
tailor stitched bands. Money could not buy a more service- tf»-| n/v
able skirt than this .'........ T..... Jpl.jU
LADIES' PETTICOAT J
Made of Fast Black Enelish Moreen, trimmed with an eight-inch accor-
pi dion pleated flounce finished with a ruffle: also dust ruffle. Tailor-
I stitched seams. Perfect in every detail. Your opportunity tf-j Qf\
9 at this price. ;. 4>1.DU
1 LAD ES' PETT COAT
I Made of Fast Black Iron Frame Alpaca, finished with a deco flounce
I and trimmed with a flounce of hemstitched tucks. The one C**y Qf\
S store for such values as these. Our price tpL*JU
I -inFRnSFMRFRr. the price cutter
1 816 Market Street. II OTarrell Street.
¦ MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.••Well! "Tain't any use to say anything
more: If a body ain't got a brain you
can't give 'em one! You better gather up
V9ur duds and put 'em away. And I
"My dates go wrong." confessed Abby,
meekly. "The committee said that ac
cording to my information the Declaration
of Independence roust have been eigned
srveral years before America was discov
ered."
»^—^— —^ BBY sat rocking by
>'-^VW r/ J>^ ' tD< souln window, Us
l?ti*rt\V^ tenlng resignedly to
iv^^A^V^y her mother 1 * re
ffif^£ji*X proaches. She had as
u^Jv<5&"\£ .-umed about as awk
i ward and uncomfort
»——**»—m| able a position as she
could well have In
vented, with one foot drawn up and her
hands clasped around her knee.
"Another successful quest." said Roger
Sterling to himself, with a satirical Ensile.
"Nobody'd expect you'd get a position
that took any kind of brains like Trix'a
and Mab's." Mrs. Gardener's energetic
voice proclaimed, "but a little old district
school like that! I don't hardly see how
you could helped getting It if you tried
to."
me, and with the hot Iron. I think I'm
getting over the chill, and I'll try and get
up after a little and see about—"
"Not a bit of It you won't." Abby's voice
was low and tranquil, but Roger marked
the firm undercurrent. "You are not go
ing to do one thing to-day, nor until you
are perfectly well. You must drink this
hot lemonade and go to sleep If you can.
Give me the hot water bottle, Mr. Ster
ling—there, now."
As Abby tucked down th* blankets and
patted them Mrs. Gardener settled sub
missively and sleepily Into her pillows.
After a week of Abby's care and cod
dling Mrs. Gardener was allowed to sit up
on the shady porch. She leaned back in
her big rocker with a delightful sense of
some protecting Influence about her.
"How nice it Is to think there's som*
one to depend on In a pinch," she said to
Roger, who was making a lattice for Ab
by's late flowering bean vines. "Who'd
ever thought Abby d turn out such a good
nurse and housekeeper after all her fail
ures at everything else. I shall just keep
her now to help me with the work."
"Oh, no; you can't, ma'am," said Roger,
pausing suddenly In his task, "because,
you see, she has secured a position."
"Hey?" gasped Mrs. Gardener, blankly.
"Abhy— a position!"
"Yes." returned Roger, calmly, driving
in a nail. "I have engaged Abby myself."
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
those of the weighty Mrs. Gardener. He
looked in the door and beheld Abby— poor,
limp. Incapable Auby; but she was nei
ther limp nor Incapable now Her face,
which usually wore an expression of
amiable discouragement, was beaming
rosily through the hazy steam of- some
fragrant beverage she -was brewing over
the gas stove. Her slim figure, always at
a disadvantage in lawn and lace, was
shapely and trim In a tidily buttoned
cooking apron; she was supple and
springy and alert; she was brisk and alive
with purpose and energy.
She saw Roger all of a sudden gazing at
her in wonder through the steamy mist.
"Mother has a chill," she explained con
cisely. "I've got to fix 'her up and then
get 6upper for you." In spite of her filial
anxiety, .her eyes shone.
He came forward as she started away
like a rosy spirit In a cloud of vapor.
'.'Can't I help you somehow?"
"Yes, bring that hot water bottle— and
come quick." '
"Jerusha! She didn't asK me— she or
dered," said Roger to himself with a grin
of amusement,. as he tagged along after
the skimming goddess-like form.
"More hot stuff!" groaned Mrs. Gar
dener, as the odor of Abby's brew smote
her from afar. "I'm warmer now, Abby,
In this mountain of blankets you put over
don't know as it's worth while to hunt
another place for you. I reckon you was
cut out for a failure."
Mrs. Gardener settled back into a dis
pleased silence, rather more depressing
than her previous harangue had been.
Abby arose with a patient sigh, gathered
up her hat, gloves and parasol and trailed
limply away.
Roger Sterling looked after her with
more pity and less amusement than she
usually excited in his mind.
"If she would only let me stay quietly
at home and help her," meditated Abby,
"I wouldn't always feel so superfluous
and guilty. We don't need the money,
and I'll never get a position in a century.
Well, if I am a failure, as mother says, I
might as well make the best of It and be
as good a failure as I can. so I guess I'll
go to work and darn my stockings."
Roger Sterling, passing down the. walk
on his way to town, saw her at the win
dow, rocking and darning.
"Poor girl," he tnought, with careless
compassion, "of all dismal and disconso
late beings I think an Incapable woman is
the most hopeless." ¦.'..:'.:¦/¦
The afternoon was growing late when
he returned, by way of Uu oack porch, as
he was privi — »d to do. Something un
usual seemed to be transpiring. The foot-
Eteps tripping about the kitchen were not
ABBY'S FAILURES
-BY HARRIET WHITNEY.
tm^gammmaB^ IIAT l e8id t0 you
Q fe^ f£ 7f Vx a ' y ' an a ' rnost - canine
fjJ^^J2~*~B "! T%111 n ever - par
BBW * Dleu, set foot on
your land— never!"
"Then." retorted Le Hardy, coolly, "you
are likely to remain where you are for
ever, monsieur; for how can you escape
from your house without setting foot on
rr.y land, seeing that last night's ava
lanche has set your cottage In the very
middle of my field r*
"I will die where I am." snarled Michau.
Ar.<" he meant It.
Never In the history of the canton had
Antolne Micbau* broken his word. When
Le Hardy had besought Michau to give
.him the latter's golden-haired Jeanne
Marie the angry father had not only post
ed the girl off to her aunt In the village
below the great mountain on which
Michau and Le Hardy dwelt, but he had
forbidden L« Hardy to be seen on his
jproperty.
' All of this because of an ancient feud
between the Michaus and the Le Hardys.
Therefore It may be fancied what
.Michau felt when fate, pleasantly ironic.
¦ftr.t an avalanche which deposited the
"Au diable with thee and thy welcome!"
yelled the enraged Michau. and there
descended on Le Hardy's head a perfect
shower of porridge, peached eggs and bits
of bread. Lempriere from a safe distance
doubled himself up in his efforts to sup
press his convulsive Joy.
"Now wilt believe me?" asked he, as
the lover hurriedly retreated.
To his surprise the young man burst
into a fit of laughter.
"What a tableau,"' he said, holding his
sides. "After all. though, one must ad
mit the old rascal has spirit!"
Dawn came and the old man arose and
Mlchau cottage in the center of L«
Hardy's little farm.
It had happened just Wore daybreak
that very morning. Luckily for Le Hardy
himself his own cottage was not damaged,
it being on the edge at one side. His as
tonishment when he discovered the plight
of the irate parent soon gave way to glee
when he thought how neatly Michau
would be forced to forswear himself. But
Michau had no such intention.
But Le Hardy, eating his own ample
meals, could not enjoy them for thinking
of Michau's rapidly diminishing: larder.
On the noon of the second day he filled
a tray with food and carried It himself
to Michau's door.
"Voila, mon voisin," said the young fel
low good temperedly. "Thou must not
starve. I will Bhare with thee whilst
thou remainest in thy chicken coop. Thou
are welcome to it."
"Vraiment," smiled Le Hardy good
humoredly aa ever, "I have turned thief,
mon voisin. and have been thieving all
night! This trail of earth which you be
hold—" he waved a hand toward it.
"Nom de Dleu— of course I see it! What
of it?"
"It came from thy garden, mon voisin.
I chose it there that you might see the
difference in color distinctly. My land
along here Is lighter and not so rich."
The hunger-clouded senses of the pris
oner went aflush for Joy. Here was a
dignified method of exit— he was saved.
Reaching for his cane he stepped coldly
down and walked al6ng the fresh trail,
his feeble feet making Irregular prints
that stirred Le Hardy to fresh pity.
At the edge of the path he paused and
turned to the man who followed him.
"Why didst thou do this for me? Thou
wouldst have had a clear coast to win the
girl had I died, and thou couldst have
proved the offer of food to me."
"What devil's folly hast thou done
now?" snarled the gaunt old man, lean
ing on the nearest railing to hide his
weakness.
tottered out on his tiny porch. There a
surprising Bight met his view.
Le Hardy was standing close beside the
pteps, panting and resting on the handle
of a broad shovel. From the steps to the
outer edge of the field which marked the
confines of Le Hardy's propeitv, ran a
narrow trail of fresh, soft earth, richly
dark and about an inch thick.
'"Tia Lempriere," he muttered, as he
hastened to open It; but it was not Lem
priere. It was a slender, girlish figure
with drooping head, that half whispered:
"Mone pere would speak with thee."
The sweet tones were seconded by a per
emptory command from his late prisoner,
who once again stood on the fresh trail
and called to him, "Come."
Le Hardy ' came — doubting his senses.
"Tiens," said the old fellow brusquely,
"I hope I am a man," said Le Hardy
proudly. "And as a man I wage fair
fight. wii*>n fipht I must. I love thy girl—
I shall strive to gain her. • But I will
never stoop to take a mean advantage of
one thrown at my feet by a force of na
ture which not even a giant could have
defeated."
Ho paused, then added a little wistfully:
"Hast thou nothing kinuiy to say to me,
vleux voisln?"
The old man, now safely off the Le
Hardy land, turned and grinned bltlngly:
"I have this to say to thee." he snapped.
"That thou are a vile scoundrel for steal
ing my garden soil to fertilize thy barren
fields:"
He vanished in the distance and Le
Hardy, red and disgusted, went back to
his work.
It was sunset when Le Hardy stopped
for that day and went into the house to
get his simple supper from his bachelor
cupboard. He was setting'out the viands,
not a little sadly, when a rap on his door
startled him.
"I have arrived to give the* notice that
there's but one escape for thee from
prison. Thou hast stolen my nice garden,
thy infernal Bhovel hath uprooted my best
onions in thy digging. Thou canst not
deny the theft and shalt suffer unless—"
HOW MICHAU KEPT HIS VOW
-BY CLINTON DANGERFIELD.
defunct, he foreclosed the thing and made
a regular dickens of a bad muss. Ezra
could have paid it If he'd had another six
months, but Ike wouldn't wait. That
was the beginning of a mighty hard time
for Ezra. Nothing he touched after that
Feemed to prosper. Him and Martha
there wasn't no children— come at last to
live In a house not much better than a
shanty down by the mill yonder, and the
woman's love, so" my wife and daughter
say. sort of took sick and died. I've heard
tell there ain't much female love that's
proof against poverty long drawn out,
around and groaned till th* trouble
knocked htm down into bed.
"But I was worrying unduly. However
much he may have been figuring on re
venge, there wasn't no bloody violence
mixed into his figuring. He did give the
community sort of a shock, though, such
as 'twas. Most of us couldn't understand
then whv he done as he did, but it is as
clear as molasses to me now.
"ThV river yonder" five year's ago last
March got a ripping tear owing to a sud
den thaw, and among other things it dona
it swooped down across Ike's barnyard
THE SUNDAY CALL'S
HALF HOUR STORIETTES
"He was a close friend of vours?"
"Well"— sighing explosively— "there ain't
much doubt he was considerable close.
and we was always friends, him and me.
1 had a feeling of sympathy for him dur-
I nodded, wiping from my face the per
eplration engendered by an ill-advised
walk of two miles over a road unshaded
from a merciless July sun. The family at
the farmhouse where, from motives of
economy, I was spending my vacation had
gone to a funeral, and I had wraricd of
.-ny own company. Wherefore, the after
noon being too hot for rish'.ng, I had come
to Harleyvllle to seek companionship.
"I'd have went to Ike's funeral meself,"
said the storekeeper, when I had explained
thus to his understanding, "only the rest
of the folks wanted to go and I didn't like
to close up the place on account of the
postofflce. I was down to Ike's when the
great damp breath blew his lcmp out. I
set up with him two or three nights along
at the last."
HE postmaster and
VjUM/LtOT \M\ U H I J Funeral storekeeper of
l*!f"t^!ir aS "" —^3 Harleyvllle was sitting
iljttjj! g?3\ I his establishment lazi
i^SM ««T fi !y P' :fTi!1 C small clouds
ilzBP^ gj of blue smoke into the
HrtFQ^ sit* 1 a!r an< * blinking com
fi^^^g^^"^! fortably at his slip-
pered feet, which were
resting against a post on a level with his
face. I spoke to him and the feet slipped
down with a thud.
"Howdy," he said. "Some warmish,
iln"t it?"
"Thit wetting of his feet and legs was
the beginning of Ezra's finish. That night
he had a chill and his disease simply got
rampageous. The doctor said 'twas hope
less the minute he seen him, and give him
a week to live— if he didn't drop off in
the meantime. And Ike— well, Ike come
around penitent and humble as anything
the Old Testament ever produced, saying
Ezra saved his life, for he couldn't swim
a stroke, and asking if there wasn't any-
and carried off a lot of live stock and
things, including Ike himself, who was
trying to rescue a valuable ram he'd paid
a big price for at the State Fair.
"He went along with the flood and
never stopped till he struck the branches
of a small tree about seventy or eighty
feet from shore, near where Ezra's house
stood. And as chance would have it Ezra
heard him yelping for help and dragged
himself out of the house, where- he was
staying alone with a disease while Mar
tha washed dishes up to the hotel over
at Bottom Village.
"Now, 'twould have been no more than
natural for a man in Ezra's position to
have done nothing but gloat over the sit
uation. But Ezra didn't do nothing of
the kind. He hustled around as fast as
his disease would let him to save Ike be
fore the tree come unrooted.
"lie got a long rope and tried to throw
one end of it to Ike. but it fell about five
feet short every time, so he waded out
into the water, though the doctor had
told him 'twould kill him to get his feet
wet. When Ike had tied one end of th*
rope to himself, Ezra tied the other end to
a fence post and the current done the
rest.
"Then he had been long an invalid?"
"No, that ain't the idea; he wasn't sick
o grt:ul while. The story dates back nigh
onto twenty years, when him and Ezra
BriKgs was rivals for the hand of Martha
Tolford. 'Twas nip and tuck between 'em,
but Ezra finally won the match. Ike was
fool enough to get mad about It. and when
his pa died, leaving among other effects
a mortgage on the old Briggs place, where
Ezra was living, his parents both being
real comfortable person to live with dur
ing the last two or three year* -of Ezra's
life. I've got a suspicion, more or less
founded on fact, that she was sourer than
the dregs of vinegar and that her patience
sort of shot off like a Gatllng gin once It
had busted. Ezra took sick finally with
somebody or other's disease of something
or other that the doctors said was incur
able, and he didn't make a showing of try
ing to keep up after* that; Just__ poked
Ing the last years of his life, too— sort of
an admiration for him, because he took
his medicine like a man. 'Taln't every
male human that does."
and heaps of what passes for real honest
affection leaks away through the worn
out places In women's clothes.
"It's my opinion that Martha wasn't a
"And Ike?" I asked, after a short In
terval, during which the storekeeper's
gaze rested upon a distant hilltop when
white stones gleamed In the sunshine.
Once more he sighed, more softly this
time. "Poor Ike!" he murmured. "I never
see a man who seemed so glad to die as
him."
It seemed to me rather a pretty story
of the greater-Iove-hath-no-man-than-thts
and heap-coals-of-fire-upon-hls-head sort,
and I said as much to the storekeeper.
"Shucks! That wasn't Ezra's revenga
at all, though I thought It was till I
learned different. .Ezra was simply sav
ing Ike for the torture, that was ail.
Two days before he died he sent for me,
and he says with a shivery chuckle when
he'd sent the others out of th» room,
'Old friend, I'v* got to tell somebody this,
and I've chose on you. . It'll be easlet
dying if I know that somebody alive
knows how I got ©ven with that cuss.
I've forgive him and all that— but say'—
and he drew me down closer to him — I'v*
made him and Martha promts* solemnly
with their hands touching mine that
they'll get married as soon as decent, and
—Oh glory! won't she Just knock the
plaster off of him.' He was chuckling
hard when I left him and I reckon he died
chuckling. My wife said he looked real
peaceful and contented and satisfied and
sort of natural in his coffin."
thing he could do to mak* amends to him.
There wasn't, of course: the tlm* had
gone by for that. But Ike hung around
the place, clothed in figurative sackcloth
and ashes, most of the time till Ezra
passed along to the next world eight days
later."
EZRA BRIGGS' REVENGE
-BY D. H- TALMAGE.
In flanking the mountains the redskins
must fall back through Trappers' Pass in
the foothills. We knew it to be a bushllne
gorge fifty feet wide and three miles long,
and at the south end It debouched upon
the plains. We made camp within half
l*r, "lifted" t'nuli and followed 'after,
and tber« was no sending him back.
There wasn't a private soldier or teamster
who wouldn't have shared rations with
him, and such officers as knew of his
presence winked at the breach -of orders
and said nothing. The boy had made sig
nal flags for himself and had them with
him, but they were looked upon as play
things by most of the troopers.
We swept across the valleys of th* Big
Fork and the Big Salt, scattering th* hot
tiles whenever they made a stand, and
at length crossed the Canadian River and
forced th* red men back on the Wichita
Mountains, down on the Indian Territory
line. We had them on the run and meant
to keep them going. Just at sundown one
evening, as we were almost under the
shadow of the mountains, Wig-Wag was
cut off and captured. His mule had gone
lame and .was lagging behind. An effort
was made to rescue him, but his captors
got away with their "prisoner, and many
a heart sorrowed that night over the
boy's fate. Our long and fierce pursuit
had maddened the Indians, and they
would certainly put their prisoner to the
torture.
a mil* of th* «ntrano* *f th« v*m, and
every trooper knew that w* bad driven
at least 8000 warriors ahead of us. Would
they continue their flight, or wait for us
on the plans beyond and have It out? The
general idea was that th* morrow would
witness a big fight, and daylight had
scarcely dawned after a night without
alarm, when our cams was astir. But
for the Indians being too cute we should
certainly have fallen into the trap they
had set for us. We were almost ready
for boots and saddles when a score of
warriors came riding out of the pass to
defy and taunt us. A troop was sent
against them and they retreated In haste,
but as soon as the bugle blew recall the
warriors were mocking us again. It was
a scheme to get the entire command on
the move and after them without having
taken due precautions. It was so Inter
preted by the general, and he ordered a
scout to climb up a spur of the mountain
and see what could be seen. When the
man had reached a height of fifteen hun
dred feet he signaled for a flagman to
come uo to him. Looking away to the
south he had caught sight of flags wig
wagging In the clear atmosphere of the
morning. The person waving them was
stationed on another and higher spur, and
for Rome time it was looked upon as a
mysterious proceeding. The signal man
had scarcely climbed up beside the scout
when the mystery was solved. It was
our Wig-Wag trying to open a "talk"
Bprlng came, and we set off, 600 strong,
to give the Indians a rub. No one was
grt-atly surprised, after we had left the
fort forty miles 'behind us, to find Wig-
Wag on hand. He had "Jumped" the sut-
B ynr% beading off the Indians aa
they raided the Kansas frontier when we
found Wig-Wag concealed In the willows
along the banks of a creek. He was a
boy of 12. and his father, mother and
two sisters had b«en massaored. He was
handed over to a teamster and taken" to
Camp Supply, and but for the excitement
ef campaigning he would have been sent
•fit somtwhere soon. As It was, he hung
about with the teamsters for several
weeks, no one-giving him any particular
attention, and then a sutler took him on.
Wig-Wag was not enthuslastlo over
horses, guns or uniforms, but Queerly
enough he took to the signal corps. From
the first moment he saw the men talking
with each other through the medium of
the signal flag* his admiration was ex
cited and he began to pick up the system.
He got little encouragement from any
me. as all had enough to see to, but the
lad had a head for the work and he
picked It up until within four or five
months his flags could "talk" as well as
any.
"Tell the general that the reils— " he
had flagged, and then the white waft
went down to rise no more. He had lost
his own life, but he had saved six hun
dred men from slaughter.
aa Indian, and one* Into the trap w*
could not have retreated. Though w* had
to ride away without news of the lad
we hourly hoped to be Joined by him, but
he did not come. It was a year later
before we knew his fate. What we got
came from one of the Indians who was
there. The only good news was that they
had not tortured the boy. being too busy
with other affairs. In the night he had
managed to cast off his bond*, work hit*
way past scores of sleeping warriors with
his flags under his arm. and knrwing that
he could not pass out of the gorga h*
had climbed up the mountain with the
hope of opening communication with us
when daylight came. This he successfully
accomplished, and he had flagged the in
formation recorded above before th» ex
cited Indians below had caught sight of
him. When they saw what he was up to
a warrior was told off to bring the boy
down with a bullet. They feared to dis
charge more than one rifle at a time, as
we might suspect some ruse. The war
rior had a fair mark, though far above
him, and he had coolly fired a score of
times before his bullet found its billet
It seemed as if Providence waa shielding
the lad until he could tell all he had to
say.
"Indians In the bushes on both sides of
the pass. If yon rid* In not a man will
iret out alive."
"Is there any other way to attack
them?" was asked.
"I think I can make out a pass two or
three miles to the left. If it is one it
will --brine you in behind the reds."
It took an hour or more to set this
information, and then we acted on it and
flanked the Indians out of the pass and
smote them hip and thigh as they
streamed out on the plain. When the
fight was over we went up the pass to
look for Wig-Wag, but our search was
in vain. We found, however, that his
flags had prevented a slaughter. Every
rock and bush for two miles had sheltered
with his flag* Wheo his signals war*
an*w*r*d b* want at It and sp*U*d out
the word»t
"I cot up her* In the night. Don't enter
the. pass. There ar» a thousand Indians
In ambush there. The whole fore* Is
about two thousand strong;."
'.'Have you escaped!" asked our signal
man.
"No, not ret," earn* the reply. The
Indians are below me, and I can climb
no higher."
"Can't you get away to na before we
move?"
"No; but X shall hid* her* until the
Indians leave."
"What sort of an ambush hare they
prepared?"
WIG WAG'S COUP D'ETAT
BY C. B. LEWIS.
THE BTJXTDAY OALX*
5
"Unless," repeated the bewildered Lc
Hardy. j
"Unless thou dost Instantly wed my?
pirl," snapped the ez-captlve. and Jeanne
Marie hid her blushes In her lover's Joy
ous arms.THE SUNDAY CALjU
6
THE SHRILLING
MEOWS
OF A KITTY
By Kate Thyson Marr
This Is the Second of a Series of These Famous Letters,
Which Have Created a Tremendous Sensation Both
in America and Europe, to Be Printed in
. . . , m * - m^+ '_ • sf >T '- _ •.-*.• ¦ m sT_ ¦¦ * __ < . ¦..- - r - ,
w srV /*% W W Wk fm O W T m 4O Mm m mm f^ m MM 9 W^mrn "^
l/JC *^Uim%Mit\r W'£l//« n M MM%^ M MA MM %M p
"Commercial Travelers."
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY
CENTER
By S. E. KIser.
PASTELS IN PORK
SPECULATION.
from "IMtan from a 8«lf-Ma4» Mer
chant 8«n." by G*or« Horao*
Lorlmtr. By permission of Small. May-
Bard * Co., Publisher*, Boston, Mass.
' EAR PIERREPONT : Now, I want to give you that tip on the market. There
i^SSsllllJl are several reasons why it isn't safe for you to trade on 'Change just now, but
I j BjjjjjitK^ the particular one is that Graham & Co. will fire you if you do. Trading on mar
[lff»t| X gin is a good deal like paddling around the edge of the old swimming hole — it
gPi seems safe and easy at first, but before a fellow knows it he has stepped off the
wwrn^lal edge into deep water. The wheat pit is only thirty feet across, but it reaches clear
¦ down to Hell. And trading on margins means trading on the ragged edge of
nothing. When a man buys, he's buying something the other fellow hasn't got. When a man sells,
he's selling something he hasn't got. And it's been my experience that the net profit on nothing is nit
When a speculator wins he doesn't stop till he loses, and when he loses he can't stop till he wins.
You have been in the packing business long enough now to know that it takes a bull only
thirty seconds to lose his hide; and if you'll believe me when I tell you that they can skin a bear just
as quick on 'Change, you won't have a Board of Trade Indian using your pelt for a rug during the
long winter months. <
Because you are the son of a pork packer you may think that yoU|know a little more than the
next fellow about paper pork. There's nothing in it The poorest men on earth are the relations of
millionaires. When I sell futures on they're against hogs that are traveling into dry salt at
the rate of one a second, and if the market goes up on me I've got the solid meat to deliver. But, if
you lose, the only part of the hog which you can deliver is the squeal. .
I wouldn't bear down so hard on'this matter Jf money Jwas the. only thing that a fellow could
lose on 'Change. But if a clerk sells pork, and the market goes down, he's mighty apt to get a lot of
ideas with holes in them arid bad habits as the small change of his' profits. And if the market goes
up, he's likely to go short his self-respect to win back his money.
I dwell a little on this matter of speculation because you've got to live next door to the
Board of Trade all your life, and it's a safe thing to know something about a neighbor's dogs before
you try to pat them. Sure Things, Straight Tips and Dead Cinches will come running out to meet
you, wagging their tails and looking l as innocent as if they hadn't just killed a lamb, but they'll bite.
The only safe road to follow in speculation leads straight away from the Board of Trade on
the dead run.
Of course the Board of Trade and every other commercial exchange have their legitimate
uses, but all you need to know just now is that speculation by a fellow who never owns more pork at
a time than he sees on his breakfast plate isn't one of them. When you become a packer you may go
on 'Change as a trader; until then you can go there only as a sucker.
I hear a good deal about men who won't take vacations, and who kill themselves by over
work, but it's usually worry or whisky. It's not what a man does during working hours, but after
them, that breaks down his health. A fellow and his business should be bosom friends in the office
and sworn enemies out of it. A clear mind is one that is swept clean of business at 6 6'clock every
night and isn't opened up for it again until after the shutters are taken down next morning.-
Some fellows leave the office at night and start out to whoop it up with the boys, and some
go home to sit up with their troubles — they're both in bad company. They're the men who are al
ways needing vacations, and never getting any good out of them. What every man does need
once a year is a change of work — that is, if he has been eurved up over a desk for fifty weeks and
subsisting on birds and burgundy, he ought to take to^fishing for a living and try bacon. and eggs,
with a little spring water, for dinner.
THE KING BUSINESS
By 'The Parson •'
— —^ REAL ginger pop president keeps every- 1
,^jvVW!jE3D| body guessing which way he'll pop, andj
VWa\\V3! who' 11 catdl the cork - The wllol c coun-'
y^r^p^SI try acknowledges the ginger, and he
fXvyf^TvrH wouldn't dare deny the "pop."
' * What makes W. . J. B. so fidgety?
Nothing yet discovered, short of a coffin and cold storage
could quiet that garrulous old man.
* * *
To obey or not to obey? Never mind, boys, if she really
loves you, she'll actually crawl to do the obeying.
The cynic is the fellow who has dislocated his morality.
* * * i
The optimist is the- fellow who has more hope than hustle.
He hopes the other fellow will hustle.
* * *
The pessimist is a cross between the cynic and the dyspep
tic. The cross is all right and looks as if it had been fed
on carpet tacks and hard cider. No wonder it looks dys
peptic.
The bachelor is the chap who couldn't get the girl he
wanted, and imagines that all the girls he didn't want wants
him.
* ?.*..¦
The bachelor girl is the girl who is dying to get married
but puts up the bachelor bluff. She generally wants a lot
of dough for her matrimonial cake, and would rather put
up a weak tea bluff than not have a real gold plated matri
monial adjustment.
* * *
The masher is like a fly on fly paper. Stuck on himself
and thinks every one else ought to be stuck too.
* * * '
Give a man or woman plenty of wine and a little time
and you can write their biography while you wait.
* • »
Some lives are so worthless that they are hardly fit for
the dump.
* • •
It is the friction of life that polishes up its rough edges.
* * *
When you ride on a self-acting trolley it is sometimes hard
to control the brakes. (
* * *
All precious things are found through much diving. The
real treasures of earth arc never found on the surface.
* • *
Never expect gratitude where you crave love. People
who ought to be grateful hate oftenest where they should
love. •
* * • ¦ '
A woman is rarely jealous of an elderly spouse — and yetl
A woman who has never loved but once, and madly loved
on to the end, ought to be canonized. ,
4> 4 1 t
Woman is weak. Oh, pshaw! A four foot woman can
look at a six foot spouse and make him shrink until you
could hardly see him with a microscope.
* * *
Love is like smallpox. Sometimes you escape, but it
often leaves awful scars.
* * *
A man thinks he knows a woman, and yet he is always
making discoveries. A man may be always the same dtd
thing, but a woman, oh,_my!
* * *
When a man marries a widow he may be the chief mourner
for his predecessor, or he may be a grateful debtor.
* * *
A man thinks his life ends at the altar. A woman thinks
hers is just beginning, and the hubby dear has to get a'
gait on him to keep up the pace. '
* » * '¦¦¦ \
When a woman still loves a man who has ceased to love<
her she will become either his good angel or an avenging \
Nemesis. In either event I feel sorry for the man, a martyr (
is as aggravating as a fiend. \
I would rather trust a woman's intuition than a man's
A woman's mirror is her safest confidant.
When a man makes love he is always interesting. At'
other times he may be real prosaic. '
* * * "-M
I am always suspicious of one whom I hear spoken of as*
"so good." A woman who is "so good" is either too ugly*
or too uninteresting to be anything, else. A man wno is'
"so good" is either a fool or a pauper. : <
Some women are so vain that they are never happy unless \
making mischief between the husbands and wives of their,
# ? * ¦¦ r. i
The man who speaks v ill of a woman is either a knave or a '
cad. l £*ililZ : 'Mi
* * * • ,
Can any one explain why so many splendid men and
women marry conceited ill-bred fools? i
When a woman loves she sees the whole world through
love s Iovelit eyes.
i i *' * * -: '
A woman sees everything at a glance. A man might 1
strain his eyes forever and never see anything (that he ought '
to see). i
A snob is a fellow who has money enough" to buy good,
clothes and thinks they make him a gentleman. ¦ ¦ ,
.¦¦¦¦'?¦'? ?".'
The b6y who leads a Sunday-school class generally lands
at the foot of every other class.
* • *
It's blooming hard luck when a man has to take quinine
with his whisky;
< * * ••
All husbands are more or less cranky, but a wife ought
to learn to turn the crank without making too much of a
squeak.
* * *
It's the people who have never been married who make
such a howl about the evils of divorce.
' - . ¦ ULBERRY CENTER, Jujy 7/— It does
mm^^^^ m^ mT h**rt good to ice the way the
ofeXsQB Christian people of this great and glor
/ra/*/m\l\ l° Ui republic are protesting against tha
/ HbssIwIh outrages to them poor Jew* oarer in
I |KI3Q?i18 Russia. It ihows that *re are not yet
so dragged down by our mad rush for
sordid gold that we forget the debt we
owe to humanity. In oar eagerness to pile up dollars on
top of one another we can still pause to put up a good,
•tiff protest against barbarism, if It happens to.be the kind
we don't like. If there is anything we won't stand over in
this country, this land of the free and home of enlighten
ment, if s outrages against the Jews in Russia. That's one
thing that makes our blood bubble right off till our under
clothes fairly sizxle. Let the Turks boil Christiana in oil
if they have to do It for the purpose of not letting time
hang too heavy on their hands. That's legitimate, because
the Turks haven't anybody but Christians to torture, and
we as a nation don't believe in meddling with the business
of European nations anyway. We are goin' to stick to the
Monroe doctrine through thick and thin if Turkey tortures
every Christian to death that can't move out. What business
is it of ours how many Macedonians or Armenians are
roasted at the stake or tied up to gate-posts where they can
watch while their .wives and children are bein'^ tortured?
The Macedonian vote over here ain't worth lookin* out for
and the Armenians have no political influence that anybody
cares two cents about "V = •
- Then, again, what business is it of ours how many Hot
tentots the English kill off tryin* to get more land in Africa?
I hope nobody over here will be foolish enough to ever get
the colored brothers to take up the cause of the Hottentots
and threaten to vote against the party that didn't express
sympathy for them. If they ever do that England may as
well prepare to get licked by us once more just to make
it about three times and out
Another thing that we can overlook without botherin* our
conscience is what the French are doin' in Africa. Who
cares how many of them greasy people down there get killed
off if they don't know any better than to hold out apinst
a great and enlightened nation that wants their territory?
And they are nothin' but a lot of bow-legged Mohamme
cani, not believin' in our religion, any way, so why should
we care how many of them get wiped out? The Moham
medan vote over here wouldn't be enough to elecj a justice
of the peace in a country district if it- was all bunched to
gether. They can't expect us to run the risk of stirrin* up
foreign complications by advisin' France to go easy. France
might point the finger of sympathy at a few hundred thou
sand Mohammedans that needn't be named here and want
to know why a Mohammedan in Africa ought to have any
more tender treatment than a Mohammedan in the Philip—
I mean than a Mohammedan anywhere else.
Once in a while part of the Russian army goes over into
China and burns a town or two and shoots and drowns
the people, but them are some more of the little acts we
haven't any right to meddle with, as long as they don't in
terfere with the open door policy. Of course, if they fol
lowed up the killin* by interferin' with our business interests
it would be perfectly right and just that we should protest
Why should a great Christian nation be expected to set
excited over the killin' off of a few hundred, or, may be,
thousand, idolaters, specially as long as there was millions
and millions of 'em left to idolotate?- If they'd adopt our
religion they might have some reason to think they had
our sympathy, but there's where they'd miss their guess.
Bigotry is not among our faults. We never let religion in
terfere in matters of this kind. We are a broad and liberal
minded people, ever puttin' humanity before creed and
freely acknowledgin' the right of the Russians, who have
always been friendly to us, to kill as' many Chinese as they
please in pursuit of healthful recreation and exercise as
long as the Chinese vote over here ain't worth goin' after.
I am pleased to say that the people of this beautiful and
enlightened village have put the stamp of their earnest dis
approval on the Russian horror agin the Jews. We held a
mass meetin' in the town hall last Thursday evenin' at which
I had the honor to be one of the vice-presidents of the
occasion. Judge Miller presided, and the meetin' was
opened with an earnest prayer by the Baptist preacher, who
said it was a time when all questions of race, creed and color
should be forgot. Then the judge took the floor to deliver
one of the eloquent speeches that make him justly famous
all through this county and some of the •adjoinin* town
ships.
Shivers of horror run through all of u» as he told about
ihe awful things that had been done by the Russians and
there was hardly a dry eye in the hall.
"How can we as civilized people look. on this terrible
scene unmoved?" said the judge, in one of his beautiful
bursts of eloquence. "It is enough to make the star of civ
ilization quiver in its orbit and tumble in a million atoms
from its socket The picture is worthy of the darkest ago
that ever dawned. Here at the beginning of the gloriouscst
century within the memory of man is a great nation goin*
back to savagery and in a frenzy of blood-thirsty self-abner
gation forgottin' all the laws of progress. In a moment
it goes from the age of reason to the age of — "
At that point the judge was interrupted by Orrin Hitch
cock, who rushed into the hall yellin' that Ira Hooper and
a nigger by the name of Hicks Rowan had got in a fight
over a game of cards and the nigger had shot Ira in the
back end of Turner's livery stable.
• After a hot chase of about two hours we caught the brute
and me and the judge had the honor of helpin' to pull on
the other end of the rope, the preacher not bein* there
owin' to sickness in the fambly and him havin' went home
So in the excitement we forgot the resolutions of sympa
thy for the victims of the Russian horror till the next morn
in. The delay was unfortunate, but you might say un
avoidable, and the doctor thinks Ira has a fair chance to
get welL
I forgot to say that before the judge. started on his speech
the school superintendent read this poem, which 'roused
great enthusiasm:
Rise, sons of Freedom, rise;
Sit not content to be
Released from galling bonds yourselves.
Go forth — set others free!
Rise, sons of Freedom, rise;
Fight till oppression lies
A bleeding, lifeless carcass at
The feet of Liberty.
Rise, sons of Progress, rise;
Be not content that right
Lies back of you— go forth to lead
The gropers to the light 1
Rise, sons of Progress, rise;
Fight on till error dies
And sophistry and brutishnes*
Are buried from our sight
Yours for. progress,
• ! JEFFERSON DOBBS.
¦ BOTTT all the use citizens of a free re
ifcAK^uaSj public have for kings to-day is to gaze
jSpfSv^rTjCJ at them from a distance when they are
OM| crowned or assassinated. The cable ac
fr^^^vK^ counts of such ceremonies and such trag-
Wfif'rS edies make interesting reading for a day
JS£*£\Sv^h| or two, and then we go on our way, con-
| gratulating ourselves that a different
; kind of regime prevails in this coun
try. And yet for a good many hundred years the business
of making and of unmaking kings and of fulfilling royal
functions furnished the chief occupation for millions of
human beings, and constituted the chief interest of their
lives. With the growth and diffusion of democratic ideas
all over the world, the king business seems to be an out
worn industry. It appears most incongruous when the gen
tleman who happens to bear, the title of king ranks on the
moral scale only a notch or two at best, above a New York
Bowery tough, even though a thin veneer of court manners
may cover up his rottenness.
j Thank God, say I, that we have reached a point in the
development of public morals when we are demanding of
the few kings left in the world that they shall be kingly.
That is the only quality which can give them peaceful
slumbers when they lie down at night. That is the only
thing which can prevent them from being tumbled uncer
emoniously down their palace stairs either by cunning pre
tenders or by rivals'with more legitimate claims, or by out
raged public opinion. We can stand a good qlieen like
Victoria. We can even get up some enthusiasm over roy
alty, its trappings and flashing jewels, the profound salaams
and all the niceties of court etiquette, provided the sovereign
himself corresponds in bearing and .character to our child
hood's ideal of kingship. But when we have reason to be
lieve that Emperor, Mikado, Sultan, Czar or King is a
weak, flabby, dissolute, cruel, hateful specimen of a man
then for us all the glamour and glory traditionally associated
with the kingly calling vanishes.
Plain John Smith, citizen and gentleman, is a good enough
title for you. and for me. Yet while the kingly title and
function has little attraction for us, we should not disdain
the chance to help preserve in the world the true ideal of
kingship. One place yet remains in America where every
man of us may set up his throne and that is in the sacred
privacy of his own home. To all intents and purposes the
true husband, the faithful father, is king over his own house
hold. He may not claim, he never should exact any homage,
but if he has a. royal, generous nature, if through mastery
of self, he has acquired a right to rule others, if his law is
the law of kindness, if he incarnates before the eyes of his
household truth and justice day by day, then he cannot
help being the virtual monarch of, that little circle
If it is a complete circle the probabilities are that the
sovereignty will be shared by the one who sits opposite
him at the table. We hear so often to-day of the women
who shine as "queens in societies" that it sometimes seems
as though that distinction were the chief ambition of our
wives and our daughters. But for every one who 'thus
ignores her kingdom right at hand and plunges into the
artificial, fevered. life of society in the hope of making con
quests there, ten women are to be found, I believe, each
one of whom is amply content to be the guiding star, the
balance wheel, the inspiration andxthe acknowledged and
revered 'queen of her husband and her children. Once a
little lad, after being trained by his mother to say a Bible
verse in a Sunday-school, appeared on the platform and
spoke up boldly: "My mother is the light of the world."
Everybody laughed, of course, but the tactful, quick-witted
superintendent said at once, "Why, yes, my little man, of
course she is the light of your world.arranged Maltland Invited the baron and
Mabel to the same' luncheon.
Mollie came first and her brother fol
lowed. Something In the man's face or
figure seemed very familiar to Maitland
and yet he did not remember to have
seen him- before. But as the brother
raised a glass of wine the detective al
most leaped from his chair. There clasped
about the stem of the champagne glass
were the fingers he had been so .long seek-
spending layishly was no doubt the very
money taken at that time. Had the
tramp been one of a company to commit
the crime his accomplices would have
shown up for their share of the plunder.
Yet here, he was spending It openly and
In a mariner to attract the greatest pos
sible attention to himself. Then there
was the imprint of the hand on the dust
under the carpet. That was left by the
real thief.' Who was he and how did he
learn of the secret hiding place? Could
It be Mollje— yes, why not? j The belief
that the hand under the ' bandages was
the guilty hand had blinded him. She
was an accomplice of the real thief and
was helping him to get the money that he
had somehow lost to the tramp. It was
throurh her that he must work to catch
the real criminal. _ . ,/
With Tthls end In view." Maitland visited
dally with the baron and'encouraged the
letter's attentions to Mabel. This was
not a. difficult task: . Mabel was such a
sweet little body that the baron was soon
head Cover heels In love with' her. He
showered: her with presents, dressed her
in Bilks and laces, took her to drive dally
and gave out everywhere that they were
to be married. Mollie: was /furious, but
her hold on the baron was gone. He re
fused her entrance to -his. quarters, eent
back her letters unopened and passed her
on the street with scarcely a nod of re
cognition. Maltland kept Mollie informed
as to their love affair. He wished to make
the baron so hated by his former sweet
heart that she would try to ruin him. At.
the same time he was gaining her confi
dence. After several weeks of this ma
neuvering he made an engagement with
Mollie ' to meet him at dinner. She was
also to. bring her brother, who had but
recently turned up and who Maitland was
very anxious to see. When this was all
anyway?"
"Could you put It up again so that he
wouldn't suspect?"
"Right and tight as a package of tea."
said the detective, draining his glass.
The baron poured out some brandy and
drained it at a gulp.* "To it then before
Mollie gets back. ¦ I half suspect she
stands in with the doctor to keep me
housed up here for fear I will see the lit
tle girl." :
Maitland needed no- second Invitation.
With his penknife he quickly cut the
stitches, and rapidly unrolled the ban
dages. -His hand, shook and his face
flushed as fold after fold was wound
away. The other , watched him coolly
without once. wincing. At last the splints,
lay bare. Maltland lifted them gently
away, his gaze riveted on the fingers.
i "What's the matter with you, i-\nian?
It's the arm that Is broken, up hereihThe
fingers are all right."
"The fingers are all right." repeated the
detective, setting his teeth to hide his
disappointment, "It isn't the same at all."
"What Isn't the same? They ..haven't
changed hands on me, have. they?"
. "I could almost believe they had," Mait
land rejoined under his breath.- '.'But, say,
you needn't be cooped up here any long
er. That old doctor is a fraud. Your arm
is in fine shape. I'll put on the bandages
and we'll go out together for'an airing.
What do you say to a drive out to the hill
to see Mabel?" ' .
"I'm with you," cried the other. "Hurry
up and we'll get off at. once."
That night Maltland paced his room for
hours, trying to find the end of the thread
that j would unravel this mystery. Tho
deeper he had* gone into it the more he
was puzzled. The hand of the baron was
not the hand of the robber. Of that he 1
was certain,. And yet the money be was
"I wish I . might . have a look at your
bruised'member," said Maitland, careless
ly. . "I studied surgery once and might
find reasons for disagreeing with this old
sawbones. 'Spose we take a look at it,
That this was the money taken from
the express car Maltland felt confident
and yet he had no proof. If the man on
the couch was the real bandit, how came
the imprint of that hand in the dust?
Had he robbed himself to create a sen
cation, or was he after all, innocent?
That hand under the bandages!. He must
see that at any cost, and without delay."
Mollie went out and left them nipping
wine together- Maitland looked across
the table at the arm lying "stiff in its
splints and bandages. Then he got up
and went to the window, standing with
his back to his companion. When he re
turned there was a look of stern determ
ination on his face. '"Let us drink' to
the health of the little flower girl," he
cried. "What a little beauty she Is." --:..
"A strange creature, surely," replied
the other with interest. "I had hoped to
see her and thank her for the flowers she
sends. But Mollie has frightened her so
that she dare not come. When this cursed
arm is out of the splints I shall be free
and then — "
"And then you will find your little ad
mirer ready to receive you. Gad. baron,
you are a lucky fellow* And patient, too.,
If I were in your place I should be
tempted to defy that old doctor and get
out at once. Your arm must be well knit
by this time."
"That's how it seems to me, but he is
an obdurate old ass." .< ,
found more." Then he sent for a clerk
of a bank, had his man remove some
bricks from the chimney and take out
$20,000 in gold twenty-dollar pieces which
he had deposited to his credit. _
Mait'.and had b*>#n succesful In •work
ing up some hard cases, and he was jjiven
this cne with permission to work it out
as he pl^as/d. That suited him exactly.
He had peculiar theories and found it im
pofs:b> to work *ith any cne else suc
cessfully.
F^r two months MaStland waJked the
streets of the coast dri^t, studying the
han^s of t!i» people h<» met. He was de
termined to find the robbers through the
lines cf that t'.oody hand. He had built
up from them the form and characteris
tics of the man who had left the impres
sion and his whole theory depended on
the solution of the problem throuph those
m^ans. H* scanned the white hands of
culture and refinement, the hands of
eports. the coarse, rouph hands of toll;
everywhere ar.d always he was locking
for that peculiar hard with Its long third
finger and stroncly marked character
istics.
One <Jay on Markrt street 1n San Fran
cisco he came upon a crowd greatly ex
cited cv#r a df<rd of heroism Just per
formed. A p*»ntl«men had re«cu#d a
young Eirl from ur.'iiT the feet of a run
awsy team at the risk of his own life.
His arm had be*»n broken In the-adven
ture and |m had b*en carried. away. bl*fed-_
ing and ins*>rsib>, to his lodpinp* near
by. Tb« girl, who was evidently from
th*> country, had insisted on going with
them to nurpe the sufferer if needed. But
what interested Maltland most was the
story to!d of the man himself. He had
upp^ared in the city several months be
fore from no one knew where, set him
self up in expensive lodgings and had
since been speeding -money lavishly, all
In 52-1 gold ri«-ces. He . was known as
Hugo Van Staal and ncsed as a German
baron.
Htre was a clew at last. The money
tal:e-n from the express company had all
been in <I20 g'jid piece*! The hand of the
rcbb*r was the hand of the man who
¦wou!^ take just such chances as this man
had taken in the rescue of the girl. Mait
lend got a boy to point out the location of
the '"taron's " loggings and then went
home to stuiy up a line of action.
A three days' investigation by Malt
land developed the startling and almost
incredible fact that Baron Van Staal was
none other thun John Bohm. a former
tramp, wha had long been a familiar fig
ure on the coast, o'-cr.sionally working for
a short tirr.e and then with his scanty
earnings poir.R off »ith a dog ar.d a tent
to the woods, whf-re he lived a gipsy life
until his money was gone.
This transformation could be accounted
for on no ordinary hypothesis. A hobo of
yesterday living to-day the gilded life of
a profligate nobleman. Nothing was too
pood for the baron. He fell in with the
game ts one to the manner born; that he
knew of better days before becoming an
outcast Tvas evident. With a retinue of
lackeys ever at Ms heels, fawning syco
phants to flatter, he did the swager wiLh
th* east of a Beau Brumme'.. A rain of
gold he ehowered upon his friends. Car
riages fcr drives, yachts for outings,
everything responded to his beck. What
jolly days ar.d nights there were for the
ladles of the ballet. And the suppers
with carte blanche to the chefs— there
were none like them in town. 'Wine,
women, mirth ar.d laugi.ter," and the
barcn paid the freight with a conde-
Bcending Indifference that caused the rev
elers to ga«P in awe. iiut was he the
kind of man. were he grand or exquisite.
to successfully plan and carry out daring
train robberies? Did he ha\-e a third
pbue of existence, that of the fearless
hirhwayman?
Maitland determined on a bold venture.
The next cay he called on Baron Van
Ktaal. As he was going up the stairs to
his lodgings he met a slip of a girl. There.
wrr« t*ar* in her blue eyes and her lips
wer<» trembling with suppressed sobs.
"What's the matter, little girl? Can I
be of service to you?" he inquired gently, b;
"No, sir. I have b^cn bringing flowers
every day for the gentleman who saved
my life. They told me he was pleased to
pet them. But to-day a lady Is with him
and ?he threw 'my flowers out of the win
dow and told me I must not bring any
more, for they annoyiii him."
"That Is too bad. There may be some
mistake."
"Oh. Pi! ; do you think so?"
"I will try and find out for you. What
Is your name?"
, '"Mabel Davis, sir. I live with my aunt
over on Telegraph Hill. We are too poor
to buy flowers, but I gather them for
him."
'"Wei:, don't worry. I am on my way
to call on the baron and will make in
quiries and let you know. Meet me here
to-morrow at this hour."
The girl thanked^ him an^ Maltland
went on. He rang the bell and sent in a
card with tho message that he was an
Eastern tourist who had. heard of the
baron's heroism, and called ft> pay his re
spects. A tall, dark woman received him.
She whs beautiful and was drejsed ex
travapantly, but there were lines of dis
sipation in her face, and the keen eyes of
the detective discovered cigarette stains
on her taper white flngerr.
"I beg pardon for this seeming intru
sion, baroness, but I did not wish to leave
the city without paying my respects to
your brave husband. I hope he has suf
ficiently recovered to receive me."
Flattered by the distinction of being
taken not only for a wife but a baroness
the woman ushered the visitor into the
room where a roan lay on a richly draped
couch. His rale face was kindly and pre
possessing-, although certa'n lines about
the mouth and chin betokened indolence
and wfaknefs of character. Not the face
to match the hand of the robber, was
Maltland"!! mental comment. The barcn
wav»d him a welcome with his free hand
and hp sat down. The rlpht arm of the
prodigal tramp was swathed in splints
and bandas-es so that the hand was- en
tirely concealed, but the left, which lay
upon the counterpane, was slender and
well formed, with the second ringer ex
tendirjr the usual lenpth beyond the oth
ers. Tf on'y the other hand wer* visible.
What mysteries dfd those handasros con
ceal. He lonped to .ear them away and
satisfy himself. If thie man was giiilty
he was fast snendinp the money of the
express company. If he was not. the de
tective was Wing valuable time. But
there was nctbins: to do but wait.' A
wrong accusation would discover his
plans to. the world and bring down ridi
cule instead of .praise. He mentioned
meeting a cirl on the stairs and saw a
new light come into the man's eyes. But
those of thi» woman flashed with hatred.
"I sent her anay" she said curtly. "She
the raron with her attentions.
She is nothine but a street waif at the
best and not worth one of the many pafns
he Is suffering for his foolhardy adven
ture."
"I told you I would like to see her when
she came aga!n. Mollie." he paid weakly.
She frowned at the name' and apologized
for him.
"A pet name the baron has given me.
He forgets there is a stranger present."
The baron turned his head on the pillow
and Maltland thought he saw the shadow
of a smf!e flit across his features. Then
he turned h's attention to the woman and
was successful In winning from her an In
vitation to call apaln the next day.
That nleht thieves entered the baron's
lodpinps and carried away some. $1800 in
gold that he had secreted under the floor.
When Maltland heard of It he hastened
to his n**w acquaintances to offer his
sympathies. He was shown the place
where the carp«t had been ripped up to
pet at the hidden treasure. And there In
the dust upon a board was the Imprint
of a hand, the hand with the long third
finger.
"They wer*» not very sharp." said the
aron carelessly, "or they might have
T3AJN ribb*r>s on the Pacific Coast
roads had been frequent and the,*x
press cemparirs, whirh ere the
greater sufferers, were using every
mean? :o catch and punish the cf
fender*. The boldest of these ad
vrntyr** had t+en the holding up
of a tr.iln on th* Fcuth«*rn Pacific RaJI
mad near Sacramento. The bandits had
efitnied the <ar. murdered the ex
pr**« messenger, dotneh^d the rar from
th* rest of the train and forced the en
plr*>*»r to pull them down the ro».d a mile
or two. wfcrre they opened the express
safe and cot away w'th about $60,000 in
twenty-dn"ar gold pieces, the property of
the Weils-Ffixo Express Company.
The on!y th!r.g left by the robbers by
wtUeta they might be traced was the Im
print of a bloody hand upon a package of
pap*r In the express car. This was turned
over to Clem Maitland, a detective with a
leaning toward the psychic.
"A wondc-rful hand." he exr-isimed. as
fooii as his eyes fell upon it. "I have nev
er s*.n another like ft. Liook at this third
f.r.Rer. It is lor.cf-r than the second. The
owner of tf'st hand vou'd tak<» a chance
if it stood only on** in t»n thousand to
euccf^d. He ha* irreat will power, too.
as the length of the first r^alange of the
thumb Indicates. He had no moral na
ture. I could almost swear to the Iden
tity rf the man whose hand left that lra
pKssfon if 1 were to meet him on the
At the trial the baron, with Ingenious
complacency, confessed his part tn th«
affair. He smilingly acknowledged his
identity: that Baron Van Staal and John
Bohm, the tramp, were one-and the same
person. His remarkable rise In th© world
he- explained to be the sheerest accident.
It happened a few weeks earlier when
hoboing through a mountainous district
out on the Southern Pacific. He had left
the railway track intending to take a
short cut through seme timber to a ham
let near by. Tired, footsore and hungry,
he had never, before been so down on his
luck. A few mouthfuls of food he must
beg and If possible find a shed to protect
him from the cold. Night was coming on,
but he struck out Into the woods unmlid
ful. On and on he wandered into the
gloom until black night enveloped him.
Lost; beVildered. almost fainting with fa
tigue, he tumbled over a hollow log and
lay there In a state of coma until awak
ened the next morning by the warbling
of the birds in the trees. Opening his
eyes and In a dazed sart of way realizing
he was chilled, lie noticed the hollow log.
Viewing it as a possible shelter he reach
ed in his hand to discover its feasibility.
His hand struck something. It was round
and hard and cold. Withdrawing the ob
ject he found It to be a $20 gold piece.
Half crazed with delight he made another
dive and dragged out handfuls. ,
The rest of his story Is easy. There
was J60.C00 in the log. It Jaad been hidden
there by the real robbers at the time of
the crime, but before they returned the
tramp had become a baron and their
money was gone. And as the baron cas
ually remarked on the witness stand, "he
certainly had a jolly time burning it up."
Maltland had the satisfaction of demon
strating his hand theory, for Mollie turned
State's evidence and the highwayman
turned out to beBarkley. one of the most
daring thieves and highwaymen In ths
country, -and was shortly afterward exe
cuted in San Quentin.
Mabel Davis declared her belief tn th*
man who had saved her life, gave up all
the Jewels and finery that Van Staal had
presented to her and pleaded so hard with
the Judge for his acquittal that he was
discharged on the promise that he would
give up his roving and settle down to earn
an honest living. He and Mabel were
married and are now living happily on a
little farm in California.
And In Maitland's office hangs a frame
in which is displayed the print of the.
hand that played sucha^part In estab
lishing his theory of psychics applied t*
detective work. - : t^>>
"Take charge of these men," he said.
"Handcuff them securely and'se* that
they do not escape. This lady, too, may
as well go along. This lltle girl Is Inno
cent. I will see that she Is properly cared
for."
"Not Just yet." said Maltland, stepping
between the two men and covering both
with a revolver In each hand. "Tour
lives are too precious to be wasted In that
way. Fcr the present they belong to me."
He blew upon a whistle and four officers
entered.
"You are, you know you are/* shrieked
Mollie. beside herself with rage. "Where
did you get the money with which to
trick out this little minx? From the ex
press company. All I need to do Is to say
the word and you jro to the pen."
"Ar.d then." cried her companion,
"your litle pet there can go back to th«
streets " A blow on the cheek cut ths
sentence short. T^e brother staggered
under the force of it. but drawing a re
volver would have fired had not Maltland
caught his hand and wrested the weapon
from him. But he was now mad with
range, and springing at the baron's throat
he cried: "Tramp! thief! devil! It Is my
money you have been spending; rain*,
mine. mine. mine. You dug It up out
there In the swamp and ran away with
it. I will have your life."
"Take that back, or by heaven you will
never speak araln." shouted Van Staal.
advancing on the stranger.
At last they came: the baron, tall and
courtly, his companion fresh and pretty
as a wtldwood flower. For this night she
had laid aside her new finery and wore a
simple dress, no ornaments save a bunch
of violets at her throat. At the entrance
Mollle'9 eyes Cashed fire and the man be
elde her grew livid. But before a word
could be said Maltland sprang up, and
prasplng the baron's hand, cried: "My
dear fellow, how glad I am to see you.
Come and sit at our table. And you. Miss
Mabel, how pretty you are to-night. H«r*
are some old acquaintances. Now w«
shall have a Jolly time."
"I decline to meet them," cried Mollle,
rising.
"A -tramp and a street waif!" sneered
the brother.
Ing. There was no mistaking the hand.
lie would have known it amons a mil
lion. How many hours be had pored
over Its outline, building up from the faint
red lines a complete stcucture. He had
often tnought he could tell Just the text*
ur« of the skin. And here It was Just as
he had pictured It. He kijfw now why
the man hud seemed familiar to him at
the outset. The face and fieure of the
man corresponded with his speculations.
It was as though a figure out of a dream
had been suddenly materialized. His
heart was In his throat, but habit was
stronger than emotion and saved him
from betraying himself. The baron and
Mabel, would they never come? H» talked
commonplaces while his brain w» fire.
He ordered wine and forced It «n his
companions for fear that they might go
before his plan was worked cut To ar
rest this man now was to bungle and
Maltland was an artist.
THE SUNDAY- CALL.
7
$60,000 IN GOLD
OR THE FATAL HAND
Half Hour Storiettes.
This Is One of the Brightest, Snappiest Pages Ever Published. Just
the Thing to Bead Over Your Cup of Breakfast Coffee.
You'll Be All Excited Over -
Girl and Highwayman
For Insianct, Which Will Be OzJy One of the Daring Storiettes in the
Next Sunday Call, July 19.
Fun, Fast and Furious.
More Awful Adventures of Phyllis the Cook, Clarence the Fly Cop,
Lady Bountiful's Terrible Teddies and the Jolly Jachies
Who Out-Hobs on Hobson, in the
Great Comic Supplement.
Printed in Multiple Colors, About Which ths Whole Country Is Talk-
; ing. Just Take a Peep at the
Next Sunday Call, July (9.with envy anfl It cost-listen, oh perpetra
tor of Easter jokelets-lt cost 83 cents 1
When sewing night comes the girls
gather In the sitting room, where there
are comfortable chairs to be drawn up
around a big table. All sorts of pretty
things are made by the deft fingers.
There are Battenberg lace handkerchiefs
and collars that your Pacific avenue
fc«auty mlg-ht ache to possess. . Thar* art
'. Bird fanciers are predicting a vogue for
the peacock. They say that people who
can afford It have been lately buying hun
dreds of them for their country places.
Ornament is one consideration, but there
is another thing that recommends the
brilliant creature in a more practical way.
Some one discovered not long ago that
there Is no watch dog equal to the pea
cock as a guardian against thieves and
marauding tramps. Perched on the roof
of an arbor or outbuilding of the estate, a
peacock will announce in shrill, discord
ant notes that can be heard a mile away
the presence of suspicious looking stran
geri within the ground*.
useful thins* maia, toe! Jast now bath
towels are being wrought from the heavy
•alt sacks that the'sTOoers don't want.
The ends are embroidered In gay red
cross stitch and the towels are precious
to a housekeeper's- heart. -
| "What I want the girls t» realise above
all la that they can have prettily ap
pointed homes for, very Uttle money,"
says Mrs. Cornwall. "It's all nonsense to
be discouraged just because you can't
call In the swellest upholsterer In town
and give him carte blanche. I know," be
cause I furnished a simple little country
home myself once. Do you aee that old
. bed?" A plain old wooden bed stood In
#> corner,- its varnish, entirely worn oft, Its
posts fan of nicks and dents. "1 bought
It of a junk . man 'and some night I am
Coins to ¦how the girls what can be done
with it. We'll scrape It clean, then paint
It red all over, and In the end decorate It
•with some dainty sprays of marguerites,
and you'll aee a bed that would lull any
body to sweet slumber." .? "
"What will you do with it after it's
flnlshed>'
"Well, in such cases the girls usually
draw lots for a thing that they've all
worked on; but In this case I want to
keep it at the club." You' see there are
times when a girl Is detained down town
by a pressure of work and she lives so
far away that it's hard to set home; so
it would be a boon to her to have a,plac6
where she could sleep near tier work. As
it is, the girls often drop in here and set
themselves a meal in any. emergency. The
gas-stove is always ready, you see."
"-.'•! Euro •:. enough. In ; the other room 1* a
trim little gai-stove flanked by everything
needful to a meal In the way of pots,
pans and kettles. Across the room Is a
shelf laden with shining china and glass.
A long array of pretty blue and white
cups shows that the club's afternoons at
home are well attended.
While the quarters are still small one
corner of the kitchen has to play library
and there Is a good array of books and
magazines. This, with a soft couch and
a good drop light— can you think of any
thing more cozy and restful for an over
worked girl?
"We want more room and we'll have It
some day," Mrs. Cornwall says. "Several
dressmakers have offered to teach the
girls to make their own • garments— but
we are too crowded here to lay them out
and cut them. Even the attempt at shirt
waist making was difficult. Just now the
girls are economizing like thrifty house
wives, for they are paying for the piano."-
They are buying it themselves, these
enterprising young workers, and It is the
life of the club. Mrs. Ross has worked
faithfully giving the girls vocal lessons
and some of the talent developed Is worth
while listening to.
. On cooking night the place Is full of
savory odors that would make any epi
cure's mouth water. You see these girls
are preparing themselves to be good
homemakers In every sense of the word,
whether married or single.
They carry home to mothers and
fathexi and brothers and slaters all sorts
On Wednesday night comes the sewing
elasn. which Mrs. Cornwall conducts. But
what she teaches them Is only a part of
what they learn. They give each "other
•n sorts of points. One girl Is a profes
sional milliner and she showed the whole
club how to make and trim its own hats.
Every Easter hat that those girls wore
was made by the wearer at not more
than a dollar's cost and some of the crea
tions were enough to keep every neigh
bor's eye off bis or her prayer book.
• There was a "causa ge hat" of rose pink
ipaJlu tbtt turned residue heutf bittex
The Porteous girls work all day and
when night comes they seek the little
clubrooms for relaxation. There Is both
pleasure and profit In what they find
there.
For the girls come from here, there
and everywhere, from Point Lobos ave
nue to the heart of town, from North
Beach to the Mission. They come from
all sorts of professions, too: one Is a
hairdresser, another a milliner, another
answers to your "Hello" every ttme you
call up a certain private exchange.
That is the one requirement if you want
to enter this club— you must be a wage
earning girl. The age limit Is drawn at
25, eo evidently the Porteous Club does
cot consider that girlhood may pass be
yond that crucial point.
The graceful, dignified girl who ex
plained that she was a hairdresser
brought her sister along the other night
as a visitor.
"She wants to join the club," said a
member, "but she can't. She doesn't
work,** and there was a deal of pride
went with it.
But the location was not altogether
convenient. Many of the members found
It remote and one of them savs with a
reminiscent shiver. "It was such a
spooky walk to the car I used to be afraid
when I had to go alone, and I met some
body one night that I'm sure was a foot
pad—he had that expression." So for the
better convenience of everybody the club
moved to Larkin street and has remained
there ever since, within easy reach of sev
eral car lines.
The club is named for Mrs. Janet S.
Porteous, who has played Lady Bountiful
from 1U birth In 1898. The club was
formed then by the California Club and
the motto adopted was, "Not what we
have, but what we share." Mrs. Porteous
lived up to the motto as much as the girl
members are expected to do. and since
she found herself blessed with many of
this world's goods she did a great deal of
•baring. For the first two years she fur
nished cory rooms for tne girls over in
South Park, and wtth these as headquar
ters the work got under promising head
way.
Now. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall is the good
fairy of the little club and she has been
«ver Bince its beginning. Never a Wednes
day evening but finds her In the club
rooms in the Supreme Court building: so
she ought to know all there is to know
about the aims and hopes and methods of
the work.
"Try m«itally to look into the faces of
the members of the Porteous Club— young
girts' faces; full of life. Instinct with the
capacity for enjoying life.
"And then remember that these girls
spend the long day in the grir.d of office,
shop, factory, faithful monotonous ser
vice of one kind or another. Sick or well,
fair weather or foul, they must be at the
dally routine, many of them earning a
bare pittance In return for their labor.
"In many a case the pittance has to be
?arned not alone for self-support, but to
aid the aged relative or the young brother
and sister who cannot help themselves.
"And thry plod on and on. but mere
plodding does not absorb their faculties.
The desire for self-culture is upon them.
In their young hearts ptlrs the American
Instinct to forge ahead, the America n
faith that there is a higher place in the
working and social scale for every one
who earnestly peeks to rise. Strong in
this faith they allow themselves no waste
time, but spend their few leisure hours
In the effort to fit themselves for that
higher place."
•*^f CLUB that helps— whom and how?
f I There are so many club* that help.
f~f There we those that help the
V» I climbers to climb, for instance.
¦A The Porteous is none of these.
Others help the poor to remain poor.
There is no charity about the Porteous.
Tou can't really appreciate its ways and
means unless you visit it. Then you can
bear it speak for Itself. You will realize
that It helps a lot of brave, cheery. *el'
supportlng girls to be braver and cheer
ier. Mrs. Cornwall has written:
Think of all these privileges to be- had
for the fee of twenty-five cents a month.
What other club offers so much for so lit
tle? "What it lacks In worldly wealth It
makes up in other ways. Girls give a
helping hand to one another. The spirit
of friendliness prevails. One girl who**
mother has died and who is left alone and
sad says: "I thought there wasn't any
thing to live for at first. But now I've
joined the club and I can hardly wait for
the meeting times to come."
The club is entirely Independent now,
looking bravely after Its own Interests.
But it has many friends of greater pros
perity than It3 own and these have helped
cheer the little rooms with pretty and
useful gifts. Rugs, chairs, tables, cur
tains, lamps, china, books, palms, glasses,
a. clock, a sewing machine, tea— all these
and more appear on the long list of gifts.
The world has been good to the Porteous
Club, for the world Is always Inclined
to copy after Providence and hel> taoee
that help themselves.
The club fa governed by officers ehosea
from and elected by the club members.
Miss Louise Bemmerer U the president
and she swings the gavel with a parlia
mentary precision that would put t»
shame the officers of some larger club*.
Vice president, secretary and treasure*
are all drawn from the ranks of the girl
members and each looks after her du
ties with the greatest punctiliousness. A
business meeting takes place ones a
month and then the girls pat on their
most seriously businesslike faces. But
during the sewing and the cooking and
the hat trimming the faces are anything
but serious and the tongues go as fast as
the fingers.
Although self -improvement be the aim.
It Is not to be supposed that the girls do
nothing but learn to take themselves se
riously. They have their social pleas
ures as well. Mrs. Porteous recently In
vited as many of them as possible t»
spend a happy day with h*f"at her coun
try home. A trip up Mount Tamalpals is
another pleasure which a friend has giv
er, them. Then they play hostess thenv>
selves and entertain like society women
of experience. On Saturdays and Sun
days they always Keep open N house for
their friends. Twelve members of the
California Club look back to the pleasant
memory of a dinner given them by the
girls, who cooked and ..erved every dish
themselves. Every now and then a dance
comes off. and then the piano and the
feet fly. The corridors of the building
make the best kind of a dance hall and
It would be hard to say which are the
happier—the girls or their lucky guests.
of happy cnlinary Ideas now, and pesw
haps some lucky man will profit by the**
same Ideas later on.
Strawberry night cornea once a year,
and then the fragrance of preserving
ascends from the little' gas stove and
floats out faintly through the corridors of
the building: whenever the door is opened. t
One happy night In June the girls all roll
up their sleeves, don their aprons and
put up strawberry preserves better than
anybody ever tasted. They have a deli
cious recipe of their own— so delicious,
•las, that onlv one member who took
home a Jar of* It was able to reoort on
how it "keot."
The girls take a tremendous pride In
their clubrooxn. They never leave it, no
matter how late, without every dish be
in* clean and put in piace, all the tag
rags and scraps brushed up. all the furni
ture in place. Their curtains must be
spotless and their furniture dustless to
come up .to their standard.
Physical culture classes are open to
them and there is nothing more refresh
ing after long hours of standing behind a
counter or sitting at a telepnone than a
little* bracing exercise on the rings or
with dumbbells and clubs.
THE SUNDAY CALTi.
8
AN UP
TO-DATE
CLUB
THAT
HELPSunday Call
Women and Children's Section
GEORGE HENRY GOLTZ.
Self Exiled German Nobleman Now of the
FROJI A PENCIL SKETCH.
By William Andresen.
2EI.EBB.ATED GERMAN AB.TTST KOW VISITIIIO SAN" FBAJT
CISCO IN A EEMAEKABLB TOUB OP THE WOBLD.which threatened to disappear. Is com
ing back { again and that there are a
hundred new ways of making it.
One of the new etons has long stole
like fronts while the back is tight fitting.
Another has oox-plaited fronts with the
boxes flying loose. Still another has fronts
that are cut away and lace stoles sub
stituted. You can really make every
dress in your wardrobe on the eton plan
and still have new styles upon which to
draw.
And. In connection with the new etons. H
may be noticed that the collars are very
much changed from the old collars and
that there are wide lace collars, deep^taf
feta collars and collars that are made of
Mexican drawn, work. These collars are
worn with etons of every kind and are
changed from one gown to another at
will, for they are made detachable.
*J~[ 1 LUMP, fair girl stood out upoa
f | ;h* deck of a yacht waving a faxe
f~~j w.e'.l to the shore. She was one of
V» j :r.e sfunon'e d*but*ntes. 6weet ar.d
¦^ SO, ;.n heiress and or.* of the belies
of tie eumnser. The y*»cht r.as o2 to see
t.»:e trial races, arid the girl on deck wa.s
the niascot of tfce day. for it la now tte
thlcg to take a mascot oa every trip.
£hr- wjre a dress of tan-colored linen
In the natur*; sh^dc of Ilr.er;. which is
r&rfcer deep. Its skirt r.as very plain, ex
cept for wide pUits front *cd back, which
were, however, stitched down Cat. so that
They <id not lUre cntll they reached the
kr.ee*. The skirt hang straight right
down to the very ground, and you could
see frcm tbc perfection of its hang that it
was cnliced.
Perhaps it did not ha.cg to the very
grourd. for the yachting dresses of Lbe
year <3o not touch, but are cut so that
the)- *ust swing clear from the deck. And
Rroard the bottom there was a little fac
ing cz the "under t&t, made of heavy
Stockings have become a very Important
part of dress, and you see them In every
material and every color. On Fifth ave
nue in the morning you see pretty girls
in tan shoes with very high heels and tan
stockings to exactly match the shoes.
This is considered very smart and if you
?•ant to own something that will look
pretty all the season you can pat your
money In a pair of tan ties with stockings
to match.
In the afternoon you see such a variety
of pretty footgear, and one of the pret
tiest of all things is the new patent leath
er slipper, which should be called the
Fifth avenue slipper, for it is seen so
much upon that thoroughfare of a sun
shiny afternoon. This patent leather
slipper is built of patent leather with the
seam running down the middle of the
but thlj year the Yarfcty la sho«si qtrits)
outnumber* thoe* of trrmrr *tn«r year.
And It may b« said, also, that stockings
show great diversity and that there are
hundreds of new pairs of stockings for
the summer glrl*«o see and to wear.
Skirts are worn shorter than they were.
The walking skirt Is in every woman s
trunk; and the pedestrian skirt Is the
rule for the street. Between this and
the English trotting skirt there Is only
an inch and. then, comes the rainy day
skirt, which is the shortest skirt of all.
A very economical woman, yet a very
fashionable one. ' declares that she buys
a walking skirt, and cuts it ©S when ; it
Is frayed, to make -a pedestrian skirt,
which Is for very long walks. Later she
cuts it off for an English trotting skirt
which la for outings; and. finally. In Its
last estate It becomes a rainy day skirt
for the rainy daisy to wear. Thus the
ikirt outlasts itself and lives practically
forever.
It look* ** themgh Uratn* parties
wooM be t2» fasnloaabia Ota* tar pUxu
afternoons this summer, for stocttngs are
gfn?otr«« delicacy that they tear
and hole at the slightest pro-vocation, and
onJess -he wodd wear -poor "••°e*n*» ;
the >lrl of the season must O> a deal of
darning and refootlsg.
But the girl of the season ta%* not «ra
fise feersel* to black hosiery by any
™ r . B X we ars a plaid wsica Is called
S^arnegir plaid. It Is a little eheck
£ b£Sf «d gre£ and whit, and it j,
for usVon the golf link* A Carnegie
plaid stocking looks very smart with a
wide extension sole shoe tied with a
broad black shoe lace.
For outings It is * nice this* to have
shoes that are so large that they do mt
nave to be broken in to the foot and so
shaped that they have the neat appear
ar.cfof a man's shoe- Such shoes do not
look mascul^ xy any »«*»;.?««*• •*"
tractive because cf their s~ a. ...ess.
The newest sho,u have extremely high .
heels and a girl must get ms£ » waJtfa,
In them cc she will come to grief. She
cannot Walk in them the first Cme she
tries for they are from one to two or
Sree inches ta height and they t£th.
foot forward so that the entire weight
of the body comes upon th-*nof the
foot, almost upon the toes. Eut they are
leather which is worn for the plassa. And
there Is an extremely high *•*•*«££¦
dered slipper which is also for piana
wear Such shoes are rather comfortable
for the ballroom or for the plaara. but
they are by no means the thing for walk
ing
There Is a rumor that Dame Fashion's
own daughters will wear the half has*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
account she buys more than she did.
Therefore the modiste benefits in the long
run.
Mrs. Cbauncey M. Depew took Washing
ton by storm early in the season with
her pretty suits, and she wore them
made of foulard, made of taffeta, made of
cashmere and made of novelty goods.
Nothing seemed too plain to be turned by
her into a becoming little shirt waist
suit.
1 * Little Exclusivs Styles.
A great many young women of good
«-.-?,» hut of moderate purses have decided
'—•—•*- !„ w, c jj an(1 wn | te>
This was for years the plan of Ethel Bar
,,-cu uui uiie could make
k« ~ii>ch better appearance in black and
white and look always so much more ele
gantly gowned than In colors. The girl
who has very little money to spend Is ad-
vised to trv this rule and to note how
much, better she will look than Uwugh
she were dressed in cheap light-toned
goods. ... *
But, for the woman who likes colors,
there are certainly some very handsome
things to be* ha.1. And. not only. In the
outing I line, but In the afternoon scheme
of dress, are pretty and new ideas pos
sible.* It is to be noted that the eton
But it is the rummer girl's shoe* which
are interesting i this ' season. - And speak
ing of shoes they soak* quite another
story. ; "-- . . ' • ¦ " ".
There have bees shoes other seasons
front. It Is a stitched seam, sometimes
stitched on white, sometimes in black,
like "• a Colonial buckle. . This . slipper Is
worn with black cflk stockings, thin as a
web.
It is said that the modistes, who early
In thr season insisted upon the shirt waist
euit.' are now regretting that they did so.
for It is a suit which ca.n easily be made
at home. The ablrt waist eult requires
nothing but a good shirt waist pattern
and a well-fitting skirt pattern. With the
pattern and enough material to cut ou<
the dress anybody of ordinary ability can
easily make a Ehirt waist suit.
On the other hand, the summer woman
lias become accustomed to the ownership
of not on* but a dozen cults, and on this
The special <8i:s« of the return of calico
to popularity Is* the ehirt waist suit, for
tellco makes up *o very neatly into these
tujt*. And another reason is the im
provement in the ratterns of the new cali
co**, which leave so very little to be de
tslred. There come very prety calico pat
terns in crf-am with a little figure and in
light blue and light pink and In the dark
er co!or» — brown, green and navy blue.
These w*sb well, wear like iron and are
so very neat that one is tempted to in
vest so that one can have a pretty shirt
waist euit for morning wear.
And spanking of attractive materials.
there Is an old one which 1r now coming
to the fore apain. and this is nothing
more nor less than o'.d'fashloned calico. A
calico gown is ko out of date as to be
hopeless to th* majority of people, yet
there who k*'p right up to the mark are
looking «t the new calico and investing in
ft.
There ar* certain materials which seem
neater than oth*-i>, though one can hardly
explain the reason. And duck is one of
the**. Made with or without luster. laun
dered plain or with a high gloss, there is
a aometbir.g about it which is very at
tractive.
Looking Neat in Summer.
linen. This makes the lower edge dura
ble.
The wairt vac a lln*n blouse, open all
the way do« n the front and faced with
i^ev b!ut taffeta. The cuffs were made
of blu* mnVta and there was a deep blue
taffeta, collar. Surh was the very unas
suming yachting <!re*s of a young woman
who could have had r r.e all made of cloth
of-goid. trimmed *lth fish scales, had t»he
«> desired. The whole of the linen suit
could have been purchased for a ten-dol
lar bill, ar.<J for Ws if you were willing
to make it yourself.
Those iino do not want linen can go
into duck, and then such pretty things
are possible, for <Ju<~k cornea in bright,
beautiful *r.ades. and in any color It Is
lndtbcrJbably neat.
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt wears an ex
quisite evening gown in black silk lawn
embroidered up the front and up the sides
In long conventional floral patterns. It is
cut like a orincetes and it comes up to
the bust. The yoke and sleeves are in
white and are so made that the white
can be taken out and a color worn.
A great many women are wearing the
Princess gown, but It can be said that
such a dress is never very becoming to
the stout woman, but should be reserved
for the slender girl with a very long
waist. It Is a dress which gives the mat
ron a youthful figure and which is ap
propriate for debutante or elder.
Perhaps you would like to know what
the leaders of fasmon are going to wear
this summer. For one thirsr. Mrs. Arthur
Paget. who sets the styles in the King's
set. has decided to dress in white, and she
has ordered several afternoon dresses of
Inexpensive white lace which she will
wear over lawn slips. It is not necessary
to wear these lace gowns over taffeta,
for lawn is Just as pretty and Is consid
ered a little newer and smarter.
Mrs. Clarence Mackay is to dress in
lavender, in spite of the fact that she Is
In deep mourning. A lovely morning gown
gown In lavender and white crepe has
been made for her and la to be sent to the
beautiful home on Long Island, where the
Mackays lead an ideal existence.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, who wears the
most beautiful gowns in society. l 3 to run
a little toward the panne finishes, for she
selects the soft effects ta preference to
those with a luster. For one of her out-
Ing dresses, or perhaps it would be better
to call it a yachting dress, she ha9 a very
soft pink panne cloth which Is trimmed
with black.
Gowns of Fashion's Leaders.
And old ribbons can be used ta so many
ways this year. The ribbon drawer can
be completely cleaned out In the search
for odds and ends and the whole caa be
turned Into such very pretty trimmings.
Ribbons are aewed together with hem
stitching and with fagottlng. They are
shirred and used as rufSes, no matter how
wide the ruffle may be or how narrow.
Ribbon Is ssttde Into ruchlng and is used
for the tops of flounces and for applique
work, and there Is another kind of ribbon
niching which can be turned to account in
the making of a ribbon boa for the neck.
But the way the French dressmakers
like best to use ribbon Is to shir It on
each edge and to use it as a pufong upon
waist or skirt. It can be placed In such
a way as to form a very pretty pattern.
either in fancy scroll or in a rather plain
design.
It Is In this way that the economical
French woman utilizes the old materials
with which her patrons provide her and
la this way she gets some of her rery
best effects.
A beautiful French gown cam* ere*
from Paris the other day and Its trim
ming, which was the prettiest thins; aboat
the gown, consists entirely of old rib
bons. The French dressmaker who put it
together thus described her methods:
"I took twenty yards of old ribbon, all
widths." said she. "and Z put '^^n all
In the dye until they cars a out e> beautiful
deep blue. Then I bought twenty yards
of baby ribbon and sewed It to the edge »f
the deep blue ribbon, connecting the two
with white fagot stitching.
"Then I took the ribbon and used It
upon the skirt, putting it en ta points,
row after row. until the whole bottom of
the skirt was trimmed. The widest of
the ribbon was saved for the bottom of
the skirt, while the narrower ribbon was
tsed for the upper rows."
A Use for Old Ribbon*.
this summer, or the socks. Socks for th«
»ummer girl come la white and black and
In colors and it is considered the smart
thins to wear them with gentlemen's hcs<»
supporters. Of course, such a style is
very extreme and tie girl cf tlie season
can take her choice whether she will ven
ture out in It or not. The chances are
that. if she does so, no one will know
it but herself. So It is all a matter of
taste and of conscience, this wearing cf
the sock, or half bcse. with the calf ex-
Toeed. Very up-to-date girls cut down
their old lace and lisle stockings bts half
hose and use them for ba:r.:r.j stockings.
They 'cut them off at the calf and sup
port them with men's stocking supporters.
Worn In this manner and for bathing it
must be confessed that they look rather
attractive.
10
IN YACHTING GOWN
AND DANCING
TOGall events It is bound to d* pretty and
it. Is a good way to preserve ¦ the docu
ment. ¦¦ ' : -;.- v - - ; .' ;¦ . : ;-.: -¦:... -.. •¦
The woman land there are so few men
who bind that they - are scarcely to be
considered) who Is clever ¦ : at this ; art
finds sonventional flowers am* ] *f her
most popular and -¦ fetching designs, : and
she likewise has discovered that they ax*
as the years pass by will mellow In ton*
and increase in value.
There are no colors that stand the
ordinary wear and tear quite as well
as red and green, although brown shows
but little or no discoloration. Ail of them
darken gradually and finally attain .a
richness u.at seems to be Impossible
to get when they are first turned out.
Xow and then a single flower Is chosea
instead of a more elaborate cover and the
result, while necessarily simple, is showy
and rarely fails to be extremely pleasing.
The poppy in all its gorgeous coloring"
makes an effective design on a whits
leather background for the green and
golden yellow stand out clearly defined
and eeem to cry "Look at me! Look at
me!" and you involuntarily stop, look and
admire.
In bookbinding as in all else, fashions
seem to revert to the past. One of the
most unique covers Is but a. revival of
the very old. Go to the Innermost cor
ner of your storeroom and see If you will
fail in trying to unearth i a musty old
book In a brass frame, with hinges and
clasps that belonged to. your grandmother
and her mother before ben
Nine times out of ten It will probably
prove to be a family Bible containing the
marriage certificates and giving faithful
records of the entire family, * but nlns
times out of ten these days the frame
will bold so much rollicking fun and wit
that an especially strong clasp Is needed
to keep It from bubbling over.
And by the way, one of the prettiest
Ideas of late is to have your wedding cer
tificate bound in this old-fashioned man
ner. Not In a book . but simply to re
semble one. The 'outside may be whit*
embossed leather set In a frame of brass
with ..inges and clasps of the same metal,
and the inside may be either of- silk or
leather, Just as the fancy dictates, but In
Books Prom Paul Eld«r.
that u* book may torn out to to *b*j
of the popular novels of the day, Ukaly
to run through several* editions and ta
be sold at a moderate sum, he sends
word to an artist who som*tlm«s illus
trate* for the house and tells him just
about what is wantad.
The book la to sell on the marks* fo*
II 60 apiece and the cover must be some
thing that will catch the eye and help
along the sale. So an original sketch,
bearing directly upon the story, la mad*
and if it meets with approval a front pags
drawn from some of the characters la
submitted and the work of the artist 1*
completed: that is, all excepting cashing
his check, which usually amounts ta
about $25.
But here Is where the unusual part
comes In. As a rule when a contract Is
entered Into a certain price Is fixed and
It doesn't fluctuate according to the mar
ket. But this Isn't so- in th« book busi
ness. The public are too. field*. .One book
Is a howling success, keeping everybody
busy turning out on* edition after an
other and the next may be a perfect frost.
Bo what does the wily publisher do? He
wants the best work that he can get and
ho doesn't want to pay any more thaa
he can help for It. "I'll pay you $2S
down." he says. "And if the book proves
a good seller US more." which Inspires
the fellow to do his very best to aid
and abet the cause, for naturally hs
wants all that is coming to him.
Every cover of the thousand and ece
books that flood tho stands yearly is
well worth looking at, for In all easss
some attempt has been made to get *
good design and bright and attractfvs
colors. The time has passed when a> solid
tone would do and when there were no
Illustrations to brighten it up. Now the
energy of the publisher seems b«nt la sns
direction, that of issuing his product la
as salable a fashion as Is possible.
And so It happens that th§ growing
demand for libraries both of popular
literature and a fad for collecting rars
bindings, has resulted In the forming o£
a branch of. the London guild right her*
In the city and there are at least four
girls who can give as good as the British
ers can send, which Is saying a great deal.
Among the most prominent binder* her*
are Morgan Shepherd, Frederick Batsa^
Clara Rice and Annie C Crane.
As each book leaves th» press and tafc**)
Its pla.ee among its fellows It turn* *j
brighter, mors cheerful faes upward sad
It only remains a matter of Us* until
the handful of workers will have gmra
Into a small army and every publloatlaa
a bit sf art In Itself.
•» -X EVER *•*«• *»* **• fro*"* 04 **
A I been In such clover as at the pres
( ent time. While the coverings of
V V libraries have always been neat,
strong and durable, they have re
s&alned rather plain and sedate Instead of
running to the fanciful and grotesque.
It has been but comparatively few years
since a gay binding and illustrations sig
nified a book exclusively for the amuse
ment of little folks, but now you have to
read the title and In addition scan a few
pages before being absolutely certain Just
who the book was written for. anyway.
When publishers on this coast, and we
have a few of them— although they are
precious few— needed a fine book bound it
was no end of trouble to place an order
with the famous Guild of Women Binders
of London, not only on account of the
time consumed by the distance, but in the
actual expense, for while the members of
this guild know every trick In their busi
ness they know also how to charge as
weU.
Just fancy. If you can, paying anywheie
from VS> to S30 for a single book! Yet this
Is what people are doing every day, and
apparently thinking little or nothing about
It. For instance, "Mother Goose," "Little
Bed Biding Hood" and a score of nur
sery rhymes are English productions. The
leather that binds them is white nad very
flexible to begin with. The designer Is
permitted to use her own Judgment as re
gards the cover, only it must be submit
ted for approval before being finally chos
en.' After that she turns her attention
and skill to the color scheme. Two, three
and frequently four tones are selected,
according to the text of the book, and
the way they are used demonstrates her
ability.
In the rhymes the rays of the eun are,
of course, gold, and Mr. Sun is a mass of
bright gold beaming and smiling upon the
youngsters as they have little chats with
the people of his world. The winding
path, the trees and the children are bits
of green and brown, with now and then a
touch of red. And because the outside
has received bo much attention does not
mean that the other side of the cover has
been neglected by any manner of means.
"While it is not as fanciful, it is lined
with a soft brown silk that is stretched
over the paper and does not quite reach
the outer rim, yet when the book is
opened in the least the rich brown makes
Itself known.
Perhaps no better or no more attractive
books have ever been issued from the
press than this series, for it certainly ful
fills the ideal of every child that chances
to see them, and pleases the fond mam
¦mas quite as much, but when you stop to
consider that its market value is the
good, round sum of $50 it seems like a wee
bit of extravagance to epend so much for
a mete bauble when a tenth of the price
woula answer, quite as well to all intents
and purposes.
And there is another thing to be consid
ered in these expensive bindings.) No one
cares to invest, or to have a gift bo far
as that goes. In anything that is too fine
to take any comfort with, and little people
have a great big desire to Bit on the floor
and hug their greatest treasures. Unfor
tunatery. It would take Just about two
vigorous hugs with hands not overly clean
to utterly ruin the freshness and whiteness
of the book. Unless you have handled it
you simply can't realize how easily white
leather soils, and after one or two clean
ings it rubs up and shows the effects to
•uch an extent that yon are thoroughly
convinced that it Is a snare and a. delu
sion, made only to flatten your pocket
book.
A book of sonnets bound in blut mor
rocco with a design of inlaid green le
vant makes your purse be lighter by
twenty-nve dollars, -ut a certain satis
faction goes with It for It Is a splendid
•xaznple cf the art of bookbinding, and
THE SUNDAY CALL
in* moat attractive when tooled In gold
with leaves and buds In green and orange
morocco. Though so far as the beautiful
li concerned, nearly everything that Is
carved. Inlaid or colored Is that, but as
well mierht be supposed aomi are much
better than others.
Publishing a book 1b about as big a lot
tery as anything on earth and If man
ages to keep more than one guessing as
to the final outcome. When a book Is
turned over to a publisher hs tries to
estimate Its commercial value and ac
cording: to Its approximate worth selects
the cover. If It la stipulated that it be
bound In leather or If he considers that
it will make a good show book he lets
a high-priced binder take the manuscript
to read and then awaits her pleasure.
But If, on the other hand, he thinks
RARE COVERINGS FOR FINE BOOKS
| UNCLE PETER BINES, THE AMERICAN COLOSSUS, IN
! 'The Spenders"
g BY HABBY LEON WTLS02T, .« '
JJ m,, M | ,, *"J 0>
# It a Wonderfully Seal Character of the Westexa Gold Mlaw and Cu
® S£ost Humorous Man Ever Caught Betvtea Book CoTsxa.
SB ' ' ' J
• A \ ...SEE THE...
§ 1 NEXT SUNDAY CALLi
©H©H»H©a®B»H©a©H©n®HOHea»ioB*aoa«n9Hoa§nono]
\ri.. ., .a-r-*™.-^...^-* ¦j-.-i.tVfiCK.**."'- - - I ¦ — MIIBJSI IIIIBJ III lllBSIIBS ¦—¦¦B.BSSlS *¦*¦ BIBB* BS ¦!¦ BSB »!¦¦¦¦¦* — BSSBW1IBy Allen V. Offlespta.
\ -y DWIN A- ABBET, the American
_/ artist who is painting the corona
| f tlon picture, was once asked by
nn admirer what was the hardest
part of his art.
"To secure beautiful women as models,"
¦was the rerb'.
Like Mr. Abbey, who voiced the unlver
fal sentiment emong painters, the pho
tographer whose sole business is to supply
the ever increasing demands of illustrat
ed publications and advertisement build
ers with likenesses of beautiful' women.
}.'-.« to search far and wide and long for
euitaMe eubjects.
The quest after modern Helens leads
the water Is In time peopled with fish
that find access to It through subter
ranean channels. When volcanic activity
Is resumed, the first thing that occurs is
an explosion that blows the lake— water,
fish and all— into the air and distribute*
it over the neighboring land and water
surface-
pretty and the waist e*a be trimmed with
bands of It
Another very popular hat and one that
can be worn toy a woman of almost any
style of face is the one with the front
brim uplifted. This front brim can be
deep and faced with chiffon. | It can roll
outward and upward and give a graceful
THE summer costumes are certain
ly gay from standpoint of oolor,
and, though black and white
dresses predominate, - or dresses
that* are either all of black or all
of white,' there are a great many of the
more lively costumes to set off the ward
robe. \
Even navy blue is enlivened by Armen
ian embroideries and • by. Oriental \ trim
mings that combine every color under the
sun. -
A lovely navy blue taffeta shirt waist
suit had a deep sailor collar of white can
vas,, trimmed with Armenian embroidery,
and there were deep cuffs trimmed in the
same way. There was a belt of the same
stuff and the hat was a red chip trimmed
with many, ruchings and folds of red
chiffon. ' - . ,. . ,./¦.
Chiffon is not necessarily a frail f abrio
any longer for It comes In various grades.
It Is quite heavy and durable- ', in oer
tain weights and seems specially suited
for seashore wear. Crepe de chine, that
favorite of women, is also mad*. in dif
ferent grades and you can get a really
durable crepe de chine these days, one
that will make up becomingly .and eco
nomically into a' shirt waist, without pay
ing too high a price for it
White crepe de china, trimmed ' with
Oriental trimmings, is a very pretty thing
and a white crepe de chine shirt waist
suit with : tucked shirt, tucked waist and
tucked sleeves will be charming all sum
mer for nice wear. It can have three
bands of Oriental. embroidery around the
skirt, these bands being placed, one
around the bottom, one • around the mid
dle of the skirt, and one around the yoke.
A folded girdle of the- embroidery is very
Startling and Gay Is My
Lady's Summer Costume
One beauty photographer, who in the
last twelve months posed 8000 different
models, says that he found among the
number less than fifty who came any
where near the ideal standard. ; ;
This man. like his fellows, makes a
systematic search of the shops, the places
of amusement, the streets and even the
churches for models. tV ;
One beauty, who has taken New York
by storm and who is now posing for sev
eral statues for the St. Louis World's
Fair, was discovered in this way. |
The photographer was walking along
When 1 eld recover my senses and real
ized my rudeness I apologized profusely,
and then photographed her."
That was half a year ago; to-day this
girlgls earning as much as $40 and $50 a
week, simply by posing before the
camera. And she does not work more
than four hours a day on the average at
that She is enabled No make this com
2 :rtable Income because she possesses, in
toto. the requirements of an ideal model
beauty of face and figure, however she
may be placed before the camera; grace
and litheness; wlnsomeness; patience and
power to hold all sorts of poses, and in
telligence and ability to adapt herself to
the pose— to act tfce part, and not merely
serve as a rack for the gorgeous bedeck
ments of the girl of society.
Searching for Models in Streets and
Shops.
the beauty photographers to Co strange
things.
Advertising for Models.
One man, after hunting for two months
to eecure the right sort of beauty for an
advertisement for a champagne house,
hung out on his showcase a glaring sign,
which read:
"Beautiful women will be paid liberally
for posing for photographs."
The result was, according to the pho
tographer, that every woman who pasted
by and read the sign then bolted upstairs
into the etudio. For two weeks his place
wsi overrun with women who believed
that they were dreams of loveliness, and
wrre Indignant and called the photog
rapher a "mean, horrid brute" when he
politely intimated that their style of
beauty was not suited to the work in
hand.
It was on the morning of the day that
the photographer, in- despair, had decided
to give up ihe quest for the golden girl
that a petite, eparkllng-eyed. chestnut
haired, rosy-cheeked and vivacious girl
of about seventeen summers'' tripped
gracefully up to the photographer and
litped in a. frightened sort of way:
"Maybe I'd do?"
"For full five minutes." said the pho
tographer, "I stared at that child. It was
rude, but I couldn't help it. After two
weeks of gazing at streams of distorted
ugliness I couldn't keep my eyes from
feasting on that dainty bit of beauty.
The stories of dead flab, thrown eat by
volcanoes have been revived by th* re
cent West India catastrophes. In parUo
ulsx, great quantities of them are report*
ed to have been cast into the sea from the
Island of Bt Vincent It Is pointed oat
by a French expert. M. Qlrardla, that
these fish are simply denizens of th« lakes
formed In the craters during their long
periods of inactivity. A crater first be
comes dogged, then fills with water and
Tiah Ejected by Volcanoes.
Tiodels. I have— ah— been attracted by
your— ah— delicate type of beauty, and I—
ah— would like— propose that you— er— you
—will you pose for me?"
The girl at first was inclined to be in
dignant and was on the point of calling
a policeman, when the man's all too evi
dent embarrassment convinced her of his
good intentions, and she burst out laugh-
Ing.
Her display of merriment over, she said
she'd "ask mamma," and the result was
that a few days later she appeared In the
photographer's studio.
Her first poses made her career. Other
¦ photographers and artists beheld the pic
tures, waxed enthusiastic, hunted up the
original, and swamped her with orders.
And on the top of it all a well known
theatrical manager sent for her and of
fered her a remunerative place In the
beauty line of his star company.
Stores the Best Source for Models.
This is not an exceptional case.
"Of the thirty or forty models that I
am now working with," said a photog
rapher, "nearly every one has been found
in this manner. Let's see. I can recall
that I secured seven. of them by ap
proaching them in the street, at the Im
minent risk of being taken as an insulter.
In the stores I got twice that number, but
there the task is not so delicate. ° A wo
man behind a counter does not have the
fear of the masher that the woman walk
ing along the street possesses. Several
of the rest I engaged at the theaters,
where mv wife and I go four times a
week solely to scan the choruses for suit
able material.
"Fact is, 'the big stores are the best
places to secure beautiful girls, and the
majority of the most used models are
graduates from the men's furnishing and
perfume counters. They far outnumber
the actress models, popular opinion to the
contrary notwithstanding.
"The young, vivacious and pretty act
ress makes a good model when she is
scarcely more than a beginner behind the
footlights. But after two or three years
she loses her natural bloom, owing 'to ¦
hard work and the irregular life, and then
she can no longer be suitable for an all
round subject. It's too bad, for an
actress requires no training in' how' to-*' act
the part and how to lend herself graceful-
Ov» street one day, peering Into the faces
©f passing women, when the girl in ques
tion flashed down upon him. His trained
tr+ at once told him that she would make
a model far above the ordinary and he
turned around and followed her until she
stopped before a shop window to inspect
the display. Here was his opportunity.
Walking up to her he said:
"Beg your pardon, but I am a profes
sional photographer in search of beautiful
The gam* goes as regularly by turns
and in cycles as progressive whist- Start-
Ing with a few fires first In order, the
doors are opened to admit a few shovel
fuls ot coal thrown Quickly into the front
of the furnaces, then closed again as soon
as possible lest too much cold air should
enter. As soon as they axe closed the
fires next In order are served in the same
way, end then a third group. Next the
"green" coal is the first fires Is raked
back through the furnaces to complete its
combustion. After another short inter
val It is necessary to "slice" them— that
is, probe them with long pointed ban t»
lift the clinkers from the grates and make
air passages. Finally It l» time to stoke
again.
The problem is this, writes Benjamin
Brooks In Scribner's: Under a certain
large quantity of water, which Is contin
ually changing, build thirty fires; and
by means of them, notwithstanding they
roust all be continually replenished with
fresh coal and freed from ashes, keep it
at a perfectly even temperature (within
a very few degrees) day and night for aa
Indefinite period. The game Is more Inter
esting because a ship can never afford to
spare more than Just barely enough space
for her propelling machinery: conaequent
jy everything— engines, boilers, furnaces
must be worked to the very limit of their
capacity.
f-T^HE work of eternally pushing the
* Mold ship on past the meridians, the
1 race against time and the tun and
| the Interest on the money, begins In
* the gloomy stoke-hold. Tou have
heard that the stoke-hold Is hot. and
when you have clambered Into it over dis
orderly Piles of still smoking eshes.
steadying yourself by taking Incautious
hold of burning handrails, and stand for
the first time face to face with the fur
naces, you feel assured of the fact. But
besides being hot. it is the most active.
Interesting part of the ship. It is her
whole lifew
Tou must spend years studying it before
you can stand there in command of your
watch with your hand on the feed check
valves, your eyes on everything in general,
and keep the steam up where it belongs
in spite of the ravenous engines sucking
it away from you: years before you can
tell, in one swift glance, whether a fire
man is burning the greatest amount of
coal per hour In his fires with the least
amount of waste.
LIFE OF THE
SHIP IN THE
STOKEHOLD
This Is an almost Inevitable result, and
It is the most telling argument that a
pretty, vivacious, graceful and adaptable
girl, anywhere between 17 and 23 years,
who wants to earn tier own living In a
comtortable way, can do It to the amount
of at least $40 weekly by turning photo
graphic model. The nearer she Is 17 the
better, and If she Is a beauty of the Celtic
t>pe and will not detract from the
sparkle of her eyes, the spring of her
step and the ruddy glow of her cheeks by
"When she Is finally rendered perfect the
photographer reaps his reward for a
month or two. Then his rivals and the
artists who are always frantically search
ing for subjects see her pictures, realize
that a new beauty has arrived, hunt her
up, and proceed to tempt her away from
the man who brought her out.
This Is almost as hard es finding beau
ty. Often before the model Is trained the
photographer has wasted aa much as $100
worth of plates on her/
ly to the subject In hand."
Many a popular model is the product ot
weeks of patient toll on the part of some
photographer who was attracted by her
beauty of face and figure and took upon
himself the task of giving her grace and
winsomeness.
favoring: social pleasure* above sleep 4h*
will, add considerably to that im
All beautiful girls aspirins- to be mod
els, should, however, bear tills In mind
that many a beauty Is not beautiful In a
photograph. The photographers have
found this out by bitter and
costly experience. They no longer
grow enraptured over every flne
looklng woman they meet: they re
serve their praises and their films for her
whose beauty has that Indefinable es
sence that cannot be lost during: tbe va
rious stage* of photography. She It Is
who Is searched for the country over. and.
when found, the land Is straightway
flooded with her likenesses In a multitude
of poses and studies.
Scarce as are women models, child
models are scarcer. When a good one
is found, be, like the women, is usually
of the middle walk of life, due. the pho
tographers hold, to the fact that the en
vironments of this class are more normal
than those of either the rich or the poor.
The child's knack to pose also not In
frequently lands him on the stags In
spectacles when theatrical managers be
come aware of his innate ability.
(Copyright, 1903, by Allen V. Glllesple.)
•Sttinic to the face. he *°P of the hat
5 tS caa« is trimmed with nowers or
is undated* ,„
stvle the tilted hat is bo much more be-
Sng that women look for it in prefer
ence to the hat that sets flat upon the top
of the head. The tilted hat has one side
of the crown lifted upon a bandeau, and
one side of the brim is^also l.f^d makms
a very pretty sweep for the brim. Th.a
hat is very becoming to almost every
shirt waist hats are pro
fusely trimmed with flowers and it I.,
thought particularly smart to have the
hat. the trimmings and the flowers. , a!
of a color, making a one-color hat. Bright
red hats are good: so also are the blu«
hats, while the lilac hats, though a lhtl«
trying to the complexion, are excellent
from fashion's standpoint.
The woman who feels pretty sure of
her complexion can wear lilac and pink.
while the woman who Is a little too pale
can come out in an all-rose hat. which
gives color to the cheeks and deepens taa
complexion. . .
The shirt waist belts deserve a word In
passing for they are so Jauntily made.
One of the smartest of fashions is to sew
Ftraps upon the belt of the shirt waist
and to run a belt of patent leather
through these straps. The belt is hooked
In front with a brass harness buckle.
A style of belt that is liked is made by
taking a wide piece of liberty and thread-
Ing It through worked rings of silk. The
belt is now hooked around* the waist with
a pretty buckle.
The stitched belts of silk in all colom
are worn, and so ar« the stitched belt*
of linen. They are very neat and. not be
ing expensive, they can be thrown away
when soiled. There Is a belt that grows
upon popular fancy and this Is the wide
belt of satin ribbon with a handsome
slide at the back and a pretty buckle In
the front. You must, to be thoroughly In
touch with th« world of fashion, make
your shirt waist buttons match your belt
buckle and you must try to have a fancy
pin matching both upon your hat.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Photographers spend their
time looking for them on the
streets, in stores, at the thea
ters and even in the churches,
and when, found they are im
plored to turn : photographic
models for illustrated publica
tions and advertisements. So
scarce are beautif ul^and adapt
able models that one perfectly
equipped can earn as much as
$50 a week, working only four
hours a day. How one photog
rapher secured a model by
hanging out a sign that in
vited all beautiful women to
step into his studio and be
photographed free.
12
THE FRANTIC SEARCH FOR MODERN
HELENSPaper can be split Into two or even
tnree parts, however thin the sheets. It
may be convenient to know how to do this
sometimes; as, for instance, when one
wishes to paste In a scrapbook an article
printed on both sides of the paper.
Get a piece of plate glass and place it
on a sheet of paper. Then let the paper
be thoroughly soaked. With care and a
little skill the sheet can be split by the
top surface being removed.
The best plan, however, fs to paste a
piece of cloth or strong paper to each side
of the sheet to be split. When dry, quick
ly, and without hesitation, pull tho two
asunder, when one part of the sheet
•will be found to have adhered to one
and part to the other. Soften tho paste
In water, and the pieces can be easily re
moved from the doth.
the office of commanding general of fhl
army passes out of existence.
There will bo a lieutenant general, who
may or may not »e chief of staff, the
assignment being optional with the Presl-
dent, but he will be a bird of an entirely
different feather. He may be placed In
command of a part of the army. The .
President, It should bo explained, appoints
the ehlef and the other two generals;
other vacancies In the staff will be filled
by the staff Itself.
Little Real Authority
3
Tho position of commanding general of
the army has always been an anomalous
one, the incumbent havlnr a high sound-
ing title and wearing a gorgeous uniform,
but possessing little real authority. He
has had no control whatever over the
funds and it has been almost impossible
for him to escape friction with the Sec-
retary of War.
When George Washington was appoint-
ed to the place he came almost imnwdl- ro
ately into conflict with the War Secre-
tary, Mr. McHenry. - Every' commanding
general since then has had the same sort
of trouble, and General Sherman found
his situation so exasperating that he
moved the headquarters of tho army to
St. Louis. As for General Miles, he has
hardly been on speaking terms with
either Alger or Boot and has been prao
tlcally Ignored. , \- -' >
The project for a general staff was to
hemently opposed in Congress by mem
bert who claimed that It was an attempt
to Germanise our army. But tho fact Is
that German military methods are up to
date,"while ours, so far as administrative
arrangements go,' are not In reality, the
organization of our general staff will be
quUa different from that of the ventral
Btaff of tne: German army. It signifies an
entirely new departure, but is likely to
bring most important and beneficial re-
BUltB The system we have had hitherto
dJd very weU f Or 9 waP Of mj t but
ltarymethods have altered somewhat
BmCd then, and it was high time that we
did eomething to wipe out an outworn
and obsolete condition of affairs.
-nr -pi ~
. .-, ; ?T . ftn*' i: ;
.The general staff will.make complete
plans for war with every foreign power,
and these will be stowed away In pigeon-
notes to a* to be readily accessible at a
moment's notice. Thus, la ease of an cut
break of hostilities, no matter, against
whom directed, there will bo no delay In
the formulating of methods and projects,
It will be a question simply of going to
the proper pigeonhole, taking therefrom
a package of papers and putting Into op
oration tho directions they eontatn.
Tho ttaff will have a complete knowl
edre of all means of transportation avail
ablefor the mobilizing of troops. It will
make arrangements with the railroads to
that a certain number of ears, both pas
senger and freight, shall be placed in
stantly at the disposal ot tho War De
partment ln'the ovent of war. Plans will
t>« made, for example, by which regiments
may be' shipped from Oregon. California
and Washington to a common center,
from which they may be forwarded to
New Orleans or New York, and in like
manner the whole of the United States
will be divided Into districts for moblll
tation. Similar arrangements will "bef
made with steamship lines 'so that a eer
tain number of powerful vessels may be
available as transports at the briefest no
tlce. This is a big country, and in case
| As for equipping and provisioning them
the staff will have knowledge of all the
ordnance stores, arms, commissary stores,
clothing and quartermaster's stores on
hand and will be able to make the read
iest'and most economical use of them.
The staff will tee that the bureau of the
quartermaster general Is at all times In
a thorough state of preparedness, . and
likewise the commissary bureau and other
branches of the War Department. No
such thing as being taken by surprise will
be possible.'
It Is probable that this governing body
will take Incidentally the place of the
General Fortifications Board and will su
perintend the erection and manning of
our seacoast defenses. In this way It will
act in* an "advisory capacity toward the
ordnance bureau. Just as It does for the
supply ''-. bureaus of the' commissary and
quartermaster. . .'
These are only a few suggestions of
what the general staff will do. but they
serve to illustrate Its complicated and all-
•f war a serious problem will be to col
lect the regiments and forward them
promptly to the points where they are
most needed. ,
In a device Invented many years ago,
but never utilized commercially, a beam
of light Is made to produce a sound In a
telephone; and a beam caused to vibrate
by human speech, as by reflection from a
telephone disk, may reproduce that speech
in a distant Instrument, unconnected by
wires. This Is effected through the agency
of the substance called selenium, whose
resistance to an electric current is sud
denly decreased when light falls upon it.
so that it is thus extremely sensitive to
all light vibrations. The same principle
has now been utilized In the construction
of books for the blind on what is called
the "photbphonlo" principle. The leaves
are of transparent paper, and the printed
characters . resemble those of the Morse
telegraphic alphabet. A piece of card
board with a hole In It Is passed along the
printed line, and light streams through it
into a "photophonlc" apparatus, where,
through the intervention of a circuit con
taining selenium and a telephone, the
dots and dashes are translated, as It were.
Into sounds separated by longer or shorter
Intervals of silence.
Books That Read Themselves.
mrmsrsnrei He who & master of himself
will be able to command his powers at all
times. No matter how distracting his sur
roundings, how unfortunate the conditions
under which he works, he will be able to
focus his powers completely and to mar*
shal them with certainty. If things go
hard with the self-mastered man he will
be able to trample upon difficulties, and
to use his stumbling-blocks as stepping
stones.
If a great misfortune overtakes him ha
will simply use It as a starting point for
a new departure, a turning point for
more determined endeavor. He may even
be weighed down with sorrow or suffer
ing unfeer discouragement, but he always
starts anew with redoubled determination
to do the thing he has set his heart upon.
The power of self -subjugation of a de
termined soul is almost Incredible. Im
prison him and he writes a "Pilgrim's
Progress"; deprive him of his eyesight
and he creates a "Paradise Lost."
and concentration of troops and the In
formation of plans for national defense.
It will make a study of military science,
in order to keep the army up to date in
all respects and if possible a little ahead
of foreign armies.
If short, it will put the American
ai my on a proper basis for the successful
conduct of any war, so that there may
be none of the bungling which . made so
much scandal in the Spanish War and
the Civil War.
There is to be no favoritism whatever
in the selection of officers for the general
staff. They will be chosen for ability and
efficiency only. Furthermore, they will
not be permitted to degenerate into
bureau machines, through long retention
of sucji duties as those here described.
At the end of four years they will go
back to service with the line. Thus all
possibility of Jealousy will be avoided, and
there can be no danger of criticism In
Congress directed against a system which
picks only the best men and which is con
stantly offering vacancies to capable can-
IWith the creation of the general staff
The general staff will prepare all Infor
mation desirable for a military com
mander undertaking a campaign. Its
officers will be assigned to serve with
commanders of troops, to furnish them
with information, to help in the prepara
tion of plans and orders and to relieve
them cf as much labor as possible, in
oidex that the generals may be enabled
to devote their attention exclusively to
n.tttcrs of the highest importance.
The work of the general staff will In
clude the preparation of maps, the draw
tZiS up of schemes for the organization
WORK OF GENERAL STAFF.
The head of the corps will be chief of
eta ft to the President. He will act as
adviser to the President, to the Secre
tary of War and also to the chiefs of
the x-arlous bureaus in the War Depart
ment. Hitherto the bureaus have worked
to a great extent independently, often
conflicting, with much waste of energy
and money; henceforth they will be har
monized under the direction of the gen
eral staff and will all work together.
In time of peace the general staff will
prer-ore for war. It will arrange in ad
vance of war the mass of details having
reference to the transportation and
mobilization of armies and the establish
ment of supply depots, so as to effect a
vs>t saving in men and material. Such
work requires time and consideration
that cannot be given by men burdened
with the current official business of the
department. Its value is obvious. In
asmuch as experience has shown that
previous preparation for war shortens the
period of actual hostilities and thereby
accomplishes Immense economies of
Thle ttsJt. which haa Just been created.
consists of forty-three officers. At the
head cf it will be Major General Samuel
B. M. Young, who will have associated
with him two general officers. Major Gen
eral Henry C Corbin and Brigadier Gen
eral TaEker H. Bliss. Four colonels, six
lieutenant colonels, twelve majors and
twenty captains complete the personnel
cf the new corps.
"There must be a directing brain. In
order that the army may work success
fully," said Secretary Root the other day,
"and It cannot be furnished by any sln
e'e man without assistants. It requires
a body of officers entirely separate from
the administrative staff (adjutants, quar
termasters, commissaries, etc), which
nay be called the general staff."
FORTY-THREE MEMBERS.
business establishment, through wclca
hundreds of millions of dollars are ex
pended annually. It comprises many bu
reaus, each with a chief who must de
vote his attention exclusively to the
work of his own office. All of the think
ing, eo far es the devising of plans for
the management of the department goes,
has had to be done hitherto by the Sec
retary of War. It Is a Job too b!g for one
man.
TKB publio at large Is puzzled to
knew the meeds* of Uncle Sam's
litest military departure. What, It
Is asked, is the newly appointed
general staff, anyway? How are Its
duties to be defined, and what will be its
powers? What, finally, will be Its rela
tion to the Secretary of War and to the
men In khaki who fight the country's
battles?
The simplest way to answer these ques
tions Is to say that the general staff will
I? a (tnrt of board of directors for the
department, having control ever all Its
affairs, subject only to the authority of
the. Secretary and the President. It will
relieve the Secretary of all details of
'business rr.ar.ap-ener.t, and, beyond this,
will have for Its special duty the laying
out of plans In time of peace for'use In
the always possible event of war.
The War Department is an enormous
The best lesson In culture is to learn t«
rive th« best that is in us under all clr-
pervading: function*. For one thing, It
will make it * business to know Just how
many horses there ax* In tho country
available for military service, where- they
may be purchased, and how feed for them
may at a moment's notice b» obtained In
adequate quantities. It will be the same
with all other kinds or supplies, such a»
beef and canned vegetables for the- sol
diers. Tho general staff, which probably
will absorb tho present bureau of mili
tary Information, will assembls all possi
ble data relating* to foreign armies, thai*
arms, equipments, etc.
Its regime will begin in August, on ta»
retirement of General Miles, whom Con
gress refused to legislate out of the office
of commanding general of the army.
¦ ? ¦
Give the Best That Is In Ton.
Personnel of the
New Organization
That Will Begin
its Existence Next
August on the Re
tirement of Gen
eral Miles as Com
mander.
Duties and Pow
ers of the New
General Staff of
the Army Will Be
Similar to Those
of a Board of Di
rectors for the De
partment
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
NEW HEADS OF THE ARMYhe never forfeits her respect, and yet
there are many heroes of a girl's salad
days to whom she reverts with a prayer
of thanksgiving for her escape. „
The girl who remains heart-whole Is
spared much, for' with her first lesson In
experience is so novel, at the same time
eo fascinating, that older heads than hers
have been turned by its blandishments,
and the man who is the first to tell her
that he loves her is apt to remain a hero
In her eyes as long as she lives, provided
love comes also her first josson of sorrow.
Her first summer outing should be tho
happiest time of her life. She Is free
from all knowledge of tho world. Her
lofty Ideals picture In roseate hues much
that otherwise would bo only common-
Wson thit comes into a woman's life—
the lesson of love. And happy the girl
•who escapes such an experience for a
year or two at least-
Girls have various ways of falling in
love. Seme go through intermittent at
tacks that, like slow fevers, keep them
feeling pretty weak, but which really
never amounts to much.
Others have a very acute first attack
needing a strenuous course of treatment,
which even then may never be complete
ly eradicated. Others have spasmodic
jerks that, though. acute for the time be
ing, yet the rebound proves as spasmodic
as the original fit. Others 'got a regular
kill or cure spasm from which they never
entirely recover. While others tumble
In and out of love with as much agility
as a contortionist displays in his vaude
ville stunts, and with about as much
damage to heart or head, or life or ltmb.
The up-to-date giri . has no idea of
breaking her heart about any man. She
Is too philosophical and finds too much
enjoyment in life to allow herself to ruin
her health or her future through grief
over a love smash up when there are too
many other nice fellows lying around
loose. However, it is a much more satis
factory state of affairs than in the t'ays
when a girl who lost a lover felt It in
cumbent upon her to lose herself in a
convent, or to pine herself off the earth
through a rapid decline. The independent
girl of to-day tosses her head denartly,
and determines not to let any one think
fche cares, and forthwith* sallies out to
play a game of golf or a ga.me of hearts
with her recreant lover's best friend, and
forget— if she can. There are no heart
broken girls nowadays. That wretched
experience comes later. , '
A your.g gtrl never really knows when
ehe Is well off, and to try to convince her
of the fact only confirms her In the be
lief that she knows better than any one
else, it were a libel on her heart to cup
pose that that organ ever had anything
to do with some of the trashy love af
fairs that assail her. and are nauseating
to those who have outlived their own
fool days. -A young girr-* head, ante
dating the experience-hardening process,
is too soft to know love when she sees
it.
The first man who pours a lot of smooth
palaverlngs Into her too willing ear has
a. splendid chance of winning her. The
A MID-SUMMER TIME
DREAM
Her youth and charm are refreshing, but, unfortunately,
the friends of a young girl all unit* to spoil her most hope
lessly, and after she is spoiled they criticize her mercilessly.
Middle-aged men more especially Imagine they are not flo
lng their duty unless they tease a young girl until she eltbej
learns to hate them or they make her
t>o pert that they soon begin to hate her.
A girl's first reason Is the most trying
ptriod of her life. If she steers clear of
social pitfalls during the first year 6he
Is comparatively safe, but if she antag
onizes her social set there Is little hope
that she will be able to manage mart
fcuccessfully later on.
Her first summer outing Is a memoir
to be cherished or regretted as long as
che lives, and It should be the happy care
free period of her life, out of trblch she
should extract all the pleasure possible.
She has learned well her school lesions,
but when once free from her Euclid and
rhetoric she has yet to learn the rreaxeat
THE girl who has been but lately emancipated from the
schoolroom thin ks she knows it all, when the fact is
stfe knows so little that she does not know how little she
really does know. (But ehe will outlive that)
She Is full of verdant, impassioned ideas and burdened
with a lot of theories and fads that would do credit to an In
sane pavilion, yet it she escapes the "career" and the "mis
sion" microbes she* may prove a boon to her friends if she
lives lonj enough, bu t if 6he starts out with the Idea that she
must do something startling with her lifo she degenerates into
an unmitigated bore.
place. Her belief In all things cood baa
received no rude shock of suspicion, and
she takes the world aa she finds It. and
the world la very beautiful, lovely and en
chanting to the girl radiant In her youth
and beauty and her untried soul.
Every normal girl wants to be popular
and her first season clearly defines
whether she shall be or not.
In the very verdant period a «1rl often
boasts that she does not car* what people
think of her, and affects an Independence
fatal to popularity. No woman can af
ford to carry this spirit of Independence
too far. It Is sure to sound the knell of
popularity, which may also mean ostra
cism. n
We ar* all dependent on others for
•very pleasure we enjoy; if this were not
bo the Isolation that would follow would
. prove little short of maddening.
A girl's first aim should be to cultivate
a suave, gracious manner which may at
times defy even age Itself to beggar her
of charm. And. girls, always cultivate
the woman contingent of a man's family
who pleases your fancy. Remember, that
It is the women folks who give the teas
and entertainments In the winter, and
If you Incur the 111 will of a woman of
social prominence In your set she can
ruin you among them. She can noise it
about that you are ill-bred or some other
horrid old thing, and if such a criticism
gains currency you are doomed.
Avoid dark corners at summer hotels.
It may be mighty sweet to sit In the
gloaming way off in some secluded spot
or some sequestered nook; but the girl
having a penchant for dark corners and
moonlight sails lays -herself open to gos
sip, which she cannot afford, which even
when unmerited may militate against her
. for years to follow.
The girl who lingers In the open, who
has a smile for every one, who waves a
laughing good-by to friends, leaves a
pleasing Impression on their minds. that
is apt to stay.
A porch or piazza is an awfully lazy
place, and a girl looks her prettiest amid
such surroundings.
The lazy summer time is full of' soft
wooings, and the langour of the summer
girl invites all its caressing possibilities.
There an "numerous and difficult les
sons that a girl must learn, many ef
which come through humiliations that
* she remembers with a feeling akin to
sham© and wonders If others too remem
ber.
Thero a r» two traits that a girl may
cultivate to excellent advantage: tho
one to be natural, the other to be adapt
able. The girl who is natural. If her
heart Is of the right stuff, is always lov
able She should treat every one with
that courtesy and consideration that is
Sf royal sump of good breeding Cheap
wit. indelicate sarcasms and criticisms
that are often both rude and cruel are
sorry passport* to favor, and the girl
wh7lndulges them will soon find herself
undesirable.
Cultivate adaptability. To bo able to fit
Into any groove that time or clrcum
iSLTmay warrant, to enter toto tho
'snlrit of any diversion proposed, these are
SecharS that help a girl magnetize tho
friends she meets on every side.
A Kirl has it within herself to define
m£ttv cleverly her own social orbit. She
can make Sonet adorable or deplorably
She canbe sweet and lovable, or pert and
hatefuL Sho can bo companionable for
San or beast, child or woman, anything
rising from 8 to 80. or she can bo so
disagreeable as to be te^*"*^" ¦*•
Is wealthy she can »!*•*•"•£ "*
charming that people will «>***• *"»*•¦
cause It really Is not her fault, sto* eaa
not help It. and if she U poor ¦*• «aa
cultivate some talent or accompilshmooi
that will mako her fought after.
And then if tho girl's midsummer cream
does not make herself a lovely dream to
every one. then sho must not bo sur
prised If she finds that people «*«* *»
with as much horror as they would U*
good old-fashioned, nlchtmaro.
THE 'SUNDAY CALL.
them high. To be a Von der Golts waa
enough for ambition to ask.
Even down to recent times they have
remained of high rank. The modern Von
der Goltzs have been best known as high
officers In the navy and army of Ger
many. Admiral Von der Goltz reached
the highest position In the navy under the
Emperor's especial patronage. He was
an own cousin of the exile. Professor
Von der Goltz of Strasburg Is a brother
of the wanderer and one of tho greatest
scholars of the empire.
It was a chance In life to start out aa
a Von der Goltz. It was a road paved for
a young man to tread easily. To make a
failure he must have cone out of his way.
Then what whim could it have been
that seized a 21-year-old boy and sent
him to the ends of tho earth? Or was it
something deeper than a whim? Was it
a life tragedy? Surely no ono would think
so to see the hale old man to-day loafing
contentedly In his hammock, puffing con
tentclly at his pipe,' reading contentedly
some out-of-date raper that has reached
his isolation.
He had been finely educated, aa tho
German youths are. He was already well
started in life. Ono day he disappeared.
Germany was scoured for him. No
trace was found. Ho had mysteriously
dropped out' of sight. The disappearance
was common talk at the time, but the
and ten; he has almost, by reason of
strength, come to the four score mark,
and still he has never told.
Was it av^tory of a beautiful and cruel
German maiden? We have always been
warned, "Cherchez la femme." Did she
refuse to listen to the wooing of the
handsome young nobleman? Did he take
a bitter heart away with him to the far
corners of the earth? Or was it, as Wil
liam Anderson says, the boyish lovo of
wandering that was upon him and drove
him away from the vaterland, where his
rosy path was laid out lor him by the
hands of his forefathers? Did he have -a
brave young longing to seek new worlds
and» their difficulties for himself? Did
he rebel at the slavery to tradition ' that
"position" Imposed upon him and long
to be as free as a wandering gypsy?
However, whyever It was. he cut loose
from all that was his by right of heritage
and ability and betook . himself as a
stranger in a strange land to places that
the old and distinguished family of Von
der Goltz might have had to search the
msp for. - ¦ ~-i * ¦
The family was a famous ono In Po
lonla, the province of Prussia, in the
times that costume plays are laid In.
From Polonia they went to Germany and
kept their distinction. The Emperors
favored them, the German public held
time was more than half a century ago.
Only the old people remember the story
of the vanished boy. .
While the search waa going on he was
making his way to America. That was
the new world that promised all sorts of
dreams fulfilled to the boyish heart. New
York and the East were not new enough
for him. After some two or three years
of restlessness be made his way to Cali
fornia with the band of sturdy pioneers.
He was full cf good spirits and the love
of adventure and the daring to woo It,
but he found no fortune In the mines.
Perhaps he did not much want It He
liked' to seek new lands, to see for him
self, to take risks, but the greed for gain
seems never to have been strong In him.
So he made his venture and staked his
claim, but the earth yielded up very little
to htm and ho never made much more
than a living. . '
Before he left America ho marriod an
English girl. She knew that she had a
rolling stone for a husband, but sho seems
to have loved him and been loyaL Per
haps she, too, loved a rover's life.
After a period of wasted effort at min
ing, George Goltz— for he dropped the
"von der" when he left tho land where it
was known— moved again toward tho set
ting sun. He had crossed one ocean and
continent; now he set sail again and made
for the Pacific Islands. •:
There are net many of them that ha
does not know. .He stopped as he trav
eled, trying place after place. The Phil
ippines knew him. for a long timo, but it
was the Marquesas Islands, the little
French colony in the warm weather coun
try, that finally became his permanent
home.
Here George dolts and his wife settled
down and many children and grand
children grew 1 up around them. These
have scattered; some to the Philippines,
some to Hawaii, some to the States. But
their father Is contented with his little
wooden houae and hand-to-mouth way
of living. He goes forth and shoots ¦ a
wild pig or catches fish when the larder Is
empty. " or picks fruit from the nearest
tree. He makes sails and sells flour and
drinks to the natives for what pocket
money he needs. .Papers oome to him
from New. Zealand. His bed Is a ham
mock. He gets wine on the steamers that
go there from California. He has a good
meal, good drinks and t a good welcome
for everybody.
William Andresen, the German artist,
found and sketched him lately at his ewa
home at the harbor of Talohas, on the
Island of Nukahlva. v . '
"My ancestors were famous la the tima
of Frederick the Great." he said, "and I
am contented now. Which would you b«
—I or my ancestors?"
SELF-EXILED NOBLEMAN WHO PREFERS TO BE A FISHERMAN
See First Page.
TO be mere George Henry Goltz,
fisherman, sallmaker, pipe-smoker
and nobody of the Marquesas Isl
ands — when he might have been a
. Von der Goltz. honored with nobody
but the god of the might-have-beens knows
bow many titles, known as heir to an an
cient and honored name, a favorite of the
Kaiser maybe— would you have chosen as
he chose?
He would do the same again.
Here Is a self-exiled nobleman, to whom
the world held out her best offerings,
living In the lonely South Sea
for no reason except his own choice. Here
be Is doing what the hero of Locksley
Hall thought of doing when he first found
himself turned down. In the emd. though,
the hero of the poem decided to accept
his fifty years of Europe after all. But
George Henry von der Goltz has never
for a moment's regret turned back. He
took his cycle of Cathay and he Is glad
ef it. ¦¦'-,'. its
The why of It all remains and will al
ways remain locked In his breast. He
has passed. ols allotted three score years
14
The charm of a girl In her first season
lies In the novelty of situations. If she
Is wholesome mentally and physically
she enjoys everything; that comes her
way. The. games, the sports, the out-of
door exercise all add to the charm, and
she sees life through the clow pf her awn
buoyant spirits.
On a yacht the wind may blow until
her gown flaps a merry measure with
the sails, and her hat may take wines,
but she laughs a half embarrassed laugh
at her own discomfiture.
Life beyond the school room Is busy
unfolding new sensations and creations
and she lives and loves It all.
It Is then that a girl should be taught
to control her feelings yet without too
much repression, and parental Influence
should mold a girl's character.
So many young people encourage the
Idea that they must show their likes and
dislikes, despite all other considerations.
Mothers of debutantes are often fearfully
mortified by a girl's bluntness. who does
not care what she says, and has not had
the experience that teaches that polite
ness rules the outside world rather than
the honesty recognized by the school girl's
code.
Tho too free expression of opinion Is on«
of the most fatal mistakes of tho newly
fledged society girl, who is prone to In
dulge her likes and dislikes too plainly
and thus finds herself at times unpleas
antly misunderstood. It is an easy matter
to treat every one with the same courtesy
and until a girl learns exactly where she
stands In a 'man's regard to show a de
cided preference for one rather than an
other Is unsophisticated, to say the least,
and If the man does not return the re
gard 'may lead to embarrassment.
The man whom all the girls like is apt
to make sport of the girl who betrays a
nraf.rftn^n fnr him
FREE=BRYSON'S ART PICTDRE="LAD¥ IN GREEN-NEXT SUNDAY GALL-FREEFind the Grasshopper and Some Animals From the Land Which the Bear Saw in His Vision— Twelve in All.
ANIMAL FABLES AND PUZZLES
Don't Miss This. BRAND NEW PRIZES TO-DAY Now Is Your Chance.
Amy Rick. Santa Cruz, tea set; A. Henderson, 172 Clementina street, San Frandieo, water wing*; Annie
Hartwig, 304 Valencia street. San Francisco, lunch box; AmcliaGatto, 2758 California street, San Fran
cisco, box beads; Henrietta Kessel, Stockton, tea set; Elsa Rltzman. Alameda, water wings; Agnae
Hardwick, East Oakland. coraL necklace: Charles Von Ronn, San Francisco, lunch box; Lilian Cooper,
Suisun, necklace; Sewell Hllgerloh, Healdsburg, sail boat; Lucia Northup, San Jose, .paint box; Kate
Gibson. Frultvale. tea set; Joe Kirk, 124 Ceder avenue. San Frandieo, box paints; Clara Bunce, Napa,
flower game; Dora Elaon, Benlcia, necklace; Leila Price, Escalon. tea set; W. Dillon, 124 Cedar street,
San Francisco, package stamps; Gertie Lowe, Selma, bead necklace; Stella Eaaton. Stockton, water
wings; Madeline Ryer, Martinez, coral necklace; Anita Casassa, Santa Rosa, box beads; Tom Bcoble, Pa
clfic Grove, box paints; E. H. Atwood, Santa Cruz, necklace; Martha Bellenot, Berkeley, life preserver;
A. Prince, Escalon. reins; Grace Schulbert, 2164 Fifteenth street.San Francisco, White Houie same.
lection for nothing-. Zt only remains for each of you to fo la and win.
The PuBBlt Editor does the rest
Are you one of tho skillful one* who won prises la the Foolish
Giraffe Puzzle, published Juno 08f Boad the list below and see.
And now listen carefully. This Is what you must do to win one of
those riOTT PRIZES: After reading tho fable about the OTifin of the
Cinnamon Bear, find tho Grasshopper and some of tho AtiJ»*i« from
tho strange land which the Bear saw in his vision—twelve In all
concealed in the big* picture below, outline each In pencil or ink and
then color with paints, inks, water colors or crayons each object as near
ly like its natural color as you can make 'it, fill in the coupon
herewith with your name and address and the prize you desire— If you
win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EDITOR
OF THE ANIMAL FABLES AND PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San
Francisco, Cal. ¦ **.
To the FIRST FIFTY who not only find all tho objects enumera
ted, but whose pictures are the MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one
of these Fifty j>rizes will be awarded. Remember, old and young: may
compete, but ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BEFORE
FRIDAY NOON.
i THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUB
LISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS . FROM ,r TO-DAY,
July 26.
. FOLLOW THE RULES OB YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
Now is your chance. Don't miss it.
Helen Einselen, 652 Stockton atreet, San Francisco. White House game; K. D. Pyle, Ollroy, catchefa
mitt: Dora Brink. Lakeport, game of flowers; Maggie Blake. 212 Eleventh street. Oakland, tea set; Otto
EClemmer, Willow*, water wings; Louis Noswell. Vallejo. water wings; Howard Decker. St. Helena, life
preserver; Clarence Hutson, Sacramento, flower game; Mary Bates. Richmond, sail boat; Willie Luco
hettl, Stockton. White House game; Frank Varien, Pacific Grove, water wings; William Anlheim, Alameda.
click reel; Gerty Robinson. 235 Hayes street. San Francisco, printing outfit; Waltor Hamahaw. Berke
ley, bead necklace; Emma Tubb, 1224 York street, San Francisco, box beads; Julius Borneke. 128 Steiner
street. San Francisco, dick reel; Mazte Urquihart, 308 Valencia street, San Francisco, box paints; Bertha
Harvey. Redding, box paints; Heatley Decker, St. Helena, tennis ball; D. Wilkens. 203 Clara street. San
Francisco, White House game; Francis Hyde, Martinez, tea set; Helen Farrell, Ross, White House game;
Alargaxet Varien, Pacific Grove, tea set; Martha Erickson, 361 Brannan street, San Francisco, tea set;
j?K HILDBEN, CHILDBENI HEBE IS THE BIG SURPBISE
fl PROMISED YOTJ LAST SUNDAY. JUST BEAD THE LIST
OF NEW PRIZES PBINTED ABOVE. NOW IS YOUB
CHANCE TO; COLLECT A FINE LIBBABY. ISN'T THAT SIM
PLY DANDYP
You' hare been petting toys and other useful and interesting ar
ticle* for week* and weeks now, and so the Puzzle Editor decided to
gi ve you a new and complete change — SOMETHING GOOD TO BEAD.
In the list of TWENTY BOOKS printed above you have the VEBY
BEST STOBIES FOB* BOYS AND GIBLS by the CLEVEBEST
WBITEBS IN THE WORLD, and if you are at all persistent and
artistic here is the finest opportunity you could find to get a new col-
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in "The Foolish Giraffe" Fable Puzzle Published June 28.
ttt If THO LliT OF FRISKS FROM WHICH YOU MAX OHO O IB
HP IF YOU WIWi "Frlnoeaa «f tb* Moor,** hy B. Mar lit t| "T»« Ctoldc*
H Caaram," hy O. A. H*atrt M A.dT«ntnrti In th« Tropical* *r Frtdtr
lelc O«ntuk*ri ••Tin* Spy," by J. Ftnlmore Co*p«ri "Cb.lldr«* atf
thm Abber." by Re*t«a Marl* Roobti "The> Giraffe Haatwi," by Oa»
taim Mays* lUld| "Wt(n Babl«a," by Cbarlaa KUt**l*yj M By Ik***
Plae*/* a tale »f tfce ijkaoU War, by a. A. Umntrt "Tom Brown at
Oxford,** by Tbsmaa Bubmi "Pally, a New-Faaalamad Maid," by L. T.
M«ad«| "Tat D*«ralay«r,** by J. Ftnlmort Cooper | "Jaokauaapce," by
Jnliaaa Horatio Ewiifi "Haatlag la tb« Great Wait,** by O. O. Shield* i
"The Earl Queen," by Nataly ?on Kucha trull i "Flower Fublea,"
by LoaUa Hay Olootti "Tom Brown'i School Dayn," by Thomas Hag-neat
"Adventnrti In Onba," by F. L.. Oiwaldi "(tneenle 1 * Whim," br Rom
ST. Carey i "The Lone Ranch," by Captain Mnjne Reids "The Pathllnd
er," by J. Fenlmore Cooper.
, K JB . ¦ pm/ Mn jv ik, mm j . ' %rm»*«j^«
ONCE upon * time there was a Bear who was forever poking his nose into obscure placea, apparently in search of something. Just what he was after no one eoold tell till one day he
poked his nose into the moutn of an Alligator, whereupon the Alligator immediately closed his jaws upon the Bear's head, and would not release him until he made the following confes
sion: "Ohl most noble and kind sir, it is very distressing to lay bare the secret of my life in this painful manner, but as there seems to be no help for it, I will proceed at once. As you will
perceive by my color. I am what is known as a Cinnamon Bear, and, whether justly or otherwise, you will be able to judge better later on. Now, it so happened when I was a cub that
one day my parents left me alone while they went in search of food, and as they never returned I now take it for granted that instead of obtaining what they sought they became food for
somebody else. Many, many weary days I spent in vain search for them. I became thin and careworn, and out of sympathy for me I was one day seized by my friends and made prisoner, lest
I should lose my life in the fruitless search for my father and mother. By some oversight I was soon forgotten by my friends and left to die in solitary confinement Hunger began to. gnaw at my
vitals, and in a little while I fell exhausted. I became delirious, and imagined that I was beset by a great multitude of wild beasts from a strange land of a kind which I had never seen before
and on seeing my helpless condition they were about to devour me. Then there came a Grasshopper, who offered to provide me with a light lunch, that I might strengthen myself. On accepting
his apparently kind offer I was soon provided with a bountiful repast, which I learned afterward was composed of glowworms. Being thus strengthened. I was about to escape from my torment
ors when lol I discovered that I had changed into a snow-white bear. The light of the glowworms which. I had eaten- shone through and made my body as light as day. From that time forth
life was a' burden to me. for everywhere I went I was taken for a ghost, and so driven from place to place. I found no rest till at last I reached the solitude of the frozen North, and there in
the midst of ice and snow, I passed my days. I found shelter and plenty of food in an old wreck which had been abandoned by some exploring party. One day, to my surprise, I discovered
that I was gradually assuming a different color. I immediately investigated the matter, and found by examining the labels of the boxes that I had been living on cinnamon cake. In a little while I
made iuch a presentable appearance that I was able to return to mv home and friends, and here I am." "Yes." remarked the Alligator, "but why do you go about continually poking your nose
Into obscure corners and places?" "Ohl" replied the Cinnamon Bear, "that's easy; I'm looking for the Grasshopper who filled me up with glowworms, so that I can eat him."-' .• -
The moral of this fable is: "We are angry with those who trick us. because they seem to have more wit than ourselves." ' \V. M. GOODES
15
SO THE EDITOR
FABLE!
AJX1> WUZZLM PAGB.
July 18, 1003.
Name ...••••••••••••.••••.••••
Street or P. O....... ...........
City v.. .......
State
If I Win I Choose for Prix*. . .
(8«* U»t t>: Prlaea.)Evelyn Thomas, , Satwfllto, aflTU
bracelet; Tessie Houston, Byron, sil
ver bracelet; Manetta Usvere, 1448
McAllister street, San Francisco, tan
nls racquet; Dodis Bondt, 1533 San
chez street, San .Francisco,- beauty
pins; Gertrude ' Eckler, 034 Dolores
street, San Francisco, nail file; Jeaala
de Lair, 3056 Twenty-second street.
San Francisco, bracelet; Do^ethy
McNulty, 1913. Stockton street, San
Francisco, doll; Annie Hobro, 784
Washington street, San Frandsoo,
. hair comb; Bica Carney, 1559
Hunter, street, 'Stockton, allver hat
pin; ; Ethel- Hall, Oakland, silver
bracelet; Margaret Oett, Qilroy, sil
ver bracelet;, Bessie Sprague, Sacra
mento, wrist purse; Irena ' Grehrin j,
Ocean View, silver bracelet; Annia
Pelty, East Oakland, pen-knife; Mary
Hintz, San Mateo, wrist purse; B.
Burnes, Napa, doll; Berti* McNeil,
Arroyo Grande, bathing .salt; ; Ar.Tia
Nelson, Healdsburg,. letter seal; Ivy
Long, Agnew, ping - pong'T game;
Blanch Skelton, Selma, silver brace
let; Harold Traak, 14O Scott street,
San Francisco, tennis racquet; Gor
den Traver, .Los Angeles, tennis
racquet; Joseph Boss, Bed wood City,
bathing suit; Sherwood Hancock,
382 Lexington street, San Francisco,
knapsack; Paul Dewey, San Rafael,
bathing suit; Leroy Donn, Vallejo,
naval war game; Everts Mills, Wood
bridge, catcher's mitt; James Boney,
Santa Cruz, fishing rod; Julian Pinto,
1419 Scott street, San Francisco,
catcher's mitt; Earl Vail, Honcut,
naval war game; Sidney Hoyt, Vaca
ville, bathing suit; Stanley Palmer,
Reno, Nev., bathing suit; Gus Mar
tin, Bitterwater, naval war game; Ed
Pendleton. Santa Cruz, knife; Harold
Nold, Oakland, catcher's mitt; Her
man Gustin, 25 Jensen street, San
Francisco, ping pong game; Geraldyo
Briggs, Pinole, doll; Richard Rogers,
Palo Alto, writing desk; Earl Mars
ton, *16 Turk street, San Francisco,
tennis racquet; Bert Cerelli, 19O1
Stockton street, San Francisco, flail
ing rod.
BELOW is given the list of pri»
winners In the puzzla coates*
of Ju4e 28. This was the
Sixth Set— the Names of Precious
Stones— In tha Fourth Series of Sams
Puzzles, begun on May 24. Sec ii
70a are one of the lucky forty win
ners:
PRIZE
WINNERS IN
CONTEST OF
JUNE 28.
OUR NAME PUZZLES
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
EACH OF THESE TEN PICTURES REPRESENTS THE NAME OF
A DEADLY WEAPON - CAN YOU GUESS THEM
AND WIN A VALUABLE PRIZE?
ONCE AGAIN, BOYS AND GITILS, ATTENTION! Do you know a deadly weapon when you see
oneP Beg pardon. Who said that was a foolish question P Ah, are /you sure that it is such a fool
ish question after allP Let us try a few experiments and see. Y O u know there are many valuable
prize.-: to choose from if you are right.
Just look at the ten small pictures on this page. They all represent the names of Deadly "Weap
ons. Begin with No. 1, for instance. What sort of a deadly weapon do you see represented thereP
Come, come — answer briskly. Bern ember you said you couldn't possibly mistake a deadly weapon when
you saw one, so don't puzzle too long over it. What sort of a weapon is picture No. 1, and where and
when is it used the mostP Well, if you can't make that out, let us go on to another — say picture No.
5. And let us say right now that there is a deadly weapon of the very deadliest sort. But what sort Is
itP Or if that, too, puzzles you overmuch, we'll pass on to the next. Now surely there ought to bo
suggestions galore in a meeting of such a distinguished body of worm en as are represented in picture
No. 6, more especially as the name is practically written all over the picture. And then— but those
FOBTY prizes ought to keep you busy.
Bemember each of the ten pictures in this, the EIGHTH SET in the FOURTH SEB-IES of the
Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, represents the name of a Deadly Weapon. Can you guess them?
Try and see; if you are successful — well, read the list below for the rich reward that will come to you.
BEMEMBEB — You may send in as many answers in your name as you wish, provided only tnat
you have a coupon to accompany j each answer, and — REMEMBEB — th ere ic no age limit and young and
old may compete. A
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, July 26.
Now here are the important points for you \ to remember: The First F- rty Boys and Girls who
send in correct tolutions to these ten pictures before noon next Friuay will win a prize. Don't
forget that point, otscause it is very important. ALL ANSWERS MUST BEACH THIS Ol^ICE BY
FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those ir the country an equal chance to compete. Read everything on
this page, to be sure that you oveilook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
This is what you must do tc win one of those forty prizes: Find the name of a Deadly Weapon*
represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out in full in the space opposite the proper
corresponding number provided for the purpose in the coupon on this page as per its directions — fill in
your name and address and the prize you desire — if you win — and mail the coupon to the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, San Francisco.
FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED. - .
r *his puzzle contest of the FOURTH SERIES will close live weeks from to-day, but as a
further reward for cleverness and industry a special prize of S1O and a second prize of ?5 will be award
ed for the highest percentage of correct answers in the whole series of thirteen weeks.
These are the TWENTY-FIVE NEW PRIZES froim which you may select ¦ if you solve all th»
puzzles correctlyt Fishing rod, knapsa:k, belt buckle, pocket-knife, boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line, hook and sinkers; bathing suit (for boys not over- 14 years old), tennis racquet, catcher's bass
ball mitt, ping pong set, baseball, letter seal, postage stamp album, set. silver beauty pins, baseball'
mask, naval war game, silver bracelet, gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stick pin,' silver hat pin,
wooden writing desk, nail-file, hair comb.' doll. . - > ''.'¦'¦ :
Those who.; won prizes in the Sixth Set— the Names of Precious Stones— published in The Sunday
Call of June 28, will find their names in the announcement printed in another column..:.
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor; Sunday Call,
San Francisco: \ ,
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
th' Names of Deadly Weapons
represented in this week's name
puzzles: , * . :
;¦'¦ > ¦; '.¦¦*V\ ,v--,
1 .... 4. ...•.••«.••..•.........
¦' *
2 ••••••..•••••••.••••.•¦*
e
"4^ .>...............,....
5 •••••••••••••*. ...fc. .........
e- .......'
7 t*w;i.*.
I »|4^».....; r .... : ..
10 ....>;...;.....
;' : . July 12, 1903."
Btmt ......... ..*:.........:...
Street cr P. 0...:
Ci y ••••••••«•».•••.•»••......
.- li : I win Z choose for prizeSunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY GALL.THB SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 1 2, ( 1903— FIFTY- TWO PAGES.
Duplicity of China
Not to Be Long
Tolerated.
Attitude of Russia
Stirs Activity
and Ire.
Statesmen in Secret
Session Discuss
Hostilities.
JAPAN RESOUNDS WITH RUMOR
OF PLANS FOR A GREAT WAR
Special Dispatch to Tfc» CalL
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. July 1L— William,
Allen White said in his newspaper, tha
Burton of Kansas
No Longer in
Favor.
PRESIDENT
IS ANGERED
BY SENATOR
JAPANESE AND CHINESE
STATESMEN PROMINENT IN
INTERNATIONAL DISPUTE.
DENVER. July 11.— A v special to the
Republican from -. Cripple Creek, Colo.,
says that the preliminary report of the
special examiner 'who had been exaniin
inlng the books and accounts of former
City Clerk D.C. Weyand, was made to
day. It says that through defalcations,"
gross ¦ carelessness, : favoritism or other
cause a loss has accrued to the city
which may reach $25,000.
Cripple Creek Loses $25,OOO.
WASHINGTON, July 11.—First'Lieu
tenant L. M. Bushfleld, • Seventeenth In
fantry, was tried at Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., for "conduct unbecoming an offi
cer and a gentleman, making 'false state
merits, conduct to the ' prejudice of good
order and military discipline, disobedience
of orders, and breach of arrest." He was
found guilty of all the charges and the
specifications laid thereunder, and sen
tenced! to be discharged | from the service
of the United States. -The President has
approved the sentence.
Approves Bushfield's Sentence.
Porto RIcan examples of handicraft. In
cluding weapons, pottery and needle
work.
Morgan's offer for the transfer of his
large collection Is said to be accompa
nied by no condition, except that at
least one wing: Is to be devoted to tha
collection, to be known aa the Morgan
Guy L. Hunt and Floyd E. Rich, the
other two suspects, whose cases pre
viously had been continued, also were
held In $1000 ball.
CAMBRIDGE, Mas3., July 11— Barry
C. Eastham, a student at the Massachu
setts Institute^ of Technology, whose home
Is In Oregon, has surrendered to the local
police In connection with the robbery of
the Harvard Co-operative Society's' store.
Eastham pleaded" not guilty to-day to a
charge of robbery. He was bound over
to the Grand Jury in $1000. bond.
Three Young Men Accused of Rob
bing Harvard Store Are
Out on Bail.
STUDENT SUSPECT GIVES
HIMSELF INTO CUSTODY
BUTTE, Mont.. July 11. — Serious trouble
between the cattlemen and sheepmen on
Sage Creek, near here, has broken out
and it is believed -blood will be spilled be
fore the end Is reached. ; D. M. Brown, _a
well-known sheepman, as the' result of
an alleged attack made upon his wife and
his herder, has had warrants. sworn out
for the. arrest of three stockmen in this
section. Brown claims while he was en
gaged in removing his sheep he was at,
tacked, a number of sheep being shot .to
death. In the fusillade of shots the
wagon was ; punctured and they only
escaped death by. lying flat In the wagon
box. .
Warrants Issued for Arrest of Partic
ipants in One-Sided Shoot
ing Affair. ~'-:^V "i
MONTANA CATTLEMEN : jt . .
ENGAGE -IN WARFARE
Special attention is to be devoted to
the, exhibition of ceramics and otner
products of the North American Indian.
The. promoters of the bill v say that
many valuable' private collections are
assured .if the national gallery bill is
passed. One of the collections offered
is said to be i in • New , York, and ; the
owner is quoted as I being: willing: to de
vote a large sum of money for the pur
chase of Filipino, Mexican, Cuban and
CALL BUREAU,- 1406 G STREET, N,
W., WASHINGTON, July ll.-Mrs. Har
riet Lane Johnson's bequest to the Cor
coran Art Gallery of paintings by the
famous masters .will not be accepted by
tbe • trustees of that -institution. An of
ficial of the gallery said positively to-day
that the board had decided to reject this
offer, on the ground that the donor makes
Impossible conditions and that the ex
,ttnf=ive plans now on foot to establish a
national art gallery. In the capital, into
wtJeb the Corcoran gallery will be incor
pcrated. There have been conferences
between a prominent citizen of Washins
ton and- a trustee of the Corcoran Art
Gallery with J. Pierpont Morgan and the
latter has offered to transfer his valu
able ; collection of paintings, valued at
JC.COO.OOO, to the national gallery in the
event' of Its ' establishment.
The plans now are to^ have a bill creat
ins a national gallery "introduced at the
next session of Congress by a New York
member, who wiiraccompany the project
with a voluntary offer of $1,000,000 for the
•maintenance of the institution. Patrons
o£ art from New York, Boston and other
centers plan to go before Congress to atl
vocate the bill, which Is understood *o
have President Roosevelt's approval. Tbe
trustees of the Corocoran gallery favor
tho movement, because this gallery Is con
fined In space : and Is hardly representa
tive of the highest art development of the
country.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Morgan to Make
a Gift Worth
r ' $6,000,000.
AMERICANS TRYING TO
BORROW MONEY IN BERLIN
German Banks, However, Do Not
Think the Interest Offered
Is Sufficient.
BERLIN, July 11.— The Lokal Anzoiger
eays American houses are again trying
to borrow money in Berlin on three
months' time, offering 4 ! .£ per cent inter
est. The banks here, however, are not
inclined to accept the rates offered. The
Gladbarh Cotton Exchange's report, is
sued yesterday morning, announces that
many spinners prefer curtailing their
production to Incurring the losses which
wou'.d be involved as a result of continu
ing full production at the present price
of cotton. A report urges a curtailment
es the best means of bringing the market
to its normal condition.
Consumers of yams are very dilatory
in p'.acing orders, expecting better terms
Jater. On the exchange yesterday a re
duction in the price of yarns was record
ed for the first time In many months.
ELECTRICAL CURRENT
INJURES FOUR MEN
Employes of a Company in Southern
California Suffer From Ter
rible Shock.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 11.— Two
men were perhaps fatally Injured and as
many more seriously hurt at the Colton
Cement "Works this evenins as the re
sult of a false circuit formed by two
electric wires. Over 3300 volts of electric
ity passed through the bodies of William
Bowden and Hiram Dodson, rendering
them insensible, whll* Jack Merrier and
W. L. Doagerty were seriously hurt, both
having their legs severely burned, Mer
rier logins several toes.
The men, under the foremanship of
Bowden, were stringing power wires to
the cement works for the Edison Electric
Light Company. By an accidental cross-
Ing of the wires the entire voltage on
the line- passed through the bodies of the
two men most seriously hurt. The other
two were workine on the wire with
gloves, which partly saved them.
PRESIDENT REPLIES
TO KING'S MESSAGE
Thanks Edward VTI for His Cour
teous Reception to A^neri
can Naval Officers.
WASHINGTON, July 11. — President
Roosevelt to-night sent the following
cablegram in response to the message
sent the President by King Edward of
England during the dinner to American
naval officers at Buckingham Palace on
Thursday night last:
"OYSTER BAY, N. Y., July ll.-His
Majesty, the King, London: I thank yotir
Majesty most cordially for your kin\l
message and sincerely and gratefully ap
preciate the courtesies which the officers
of our navy have received at the hands
of your Majesty and the English people.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
PORTSMOUTH. England, July ll.-Rear
Admiral Cotton, commanding the Amer
ican squadron now visiting British waters,
and his officers were given a banquet to
night in the Town Hall by tho Mayor.
Responding to a toast to the United
States navy, Admiral Cotton said that he
and his colleagues brought a message of
peace and love from the President and
people of the United States to the sover
eign and people of England.
Vice Admiral Lord Charles Beresford,
who was among those who spoke, said
that such a demonstration as the visit of
the American squadron and its reception
brought together the two nations most
Instrumental in maintaining the peace of
the world.
Blow Up House of Judge.
IRON MOUNTAIN, Mich., July 11.— An
attempt was made last night to blow up
the home of. R. T. Miller with dynamite.
Judge Miller, his wife and four children
were asleep in the house at tho time, but
were not injured. The house was badly
damaged. No cause for the act is known.
MILLIONAIRE RECOGNIZES
UNION LABOR'S DEMANDS
Alfred G. Vanderbilt Avoids Incon
venience by Granting "Wishes
of » Newport Mechanics.
NEWPORT. IL I., July 1L— Alfred G.
Var.derbilt has recognized organized labor
in Newport and at headquarters has been
put down es "fair." Mr. Vanderbilt was
having work done at Oakland, his country
place, when differences occurred between
the mechanics and the employers.
Mr. Vanderbilt wanted the work done,
end after having the situation explained
to him he decided to discharge the con
tractors?, who were at odds with their
men, and become his own master me
chanic. He agreed with the painters that
he would employ only union men and
recognize all union methods, and soon
had all the men at work that he could
employ.
Hawaiian Legislature Adjourns.
HONOLULU, July 11.— The extra Ses
sion of the Legislature adjourned to-night,
an agreement having been reached be
tween the two houses on the more im
portant questions at issue. It was feared
earlier in the week that Governor Dole
would be obliged to prolong the session
in order to permit of the pa'ssage of the
appropriation bills, but the various com
promises reached by the contending fac
tions and the enactment of the appropria
tion measures allowed the final adjourn
ment without embarrassing public inter
ests. The passage of the measure pro
viding for a public loan of $2,400,000 was
among the final acts of the Legislature.
Chicago's $3,000,000 Depot.
•CHICAGO, July 11.— The magnificent
new Lasalle-street station of the Lake
Shore, the Rock Island and the Nickel
Plate railroads, just -completed at a cost
of about J3.000.000, was opened for business
to-night, all trains after midnight using
the new terminal.
Reception on Cable Steamer.
HONOLULU, July 11.— A public recep
tion was held to-night on. board of the
cable steamer Anglia. There was a large
attendance of prominent officials and citi
zens. The Anglia will soon sail for Eng
land.
Wireless System in Honolulu.
HONOLULU. July U.— The system of
wireless telegraphy which has been in
service for some time between several
Islands of the Hawaiian gToup has not
given satisfactory results. The system
has lately been placed In the hands of a
trust company with a view to Its financial
and operating improvement. To give it
further encouragement, the Government
will give the new owners a subsidy of
$1000 a month beginning August L
First to Ascend Matterhorn.
ZERMATT, Switzerland, . July 11.— The
first ascent of the Matterhorn for the
present season has been accomplished by
two Americans, George E. Hlllman of
Buffalo. N. Y., and Perry Smith of Phil
adelphia. With their guides they reached
the summit at 10:30 a. m. to-day.
Forger Beasley Leaves England.
SOUTHAMPTON. England, July 11.—
James Beasley, who was arrested in
South Africa charged with having forged
postal orders at Cape Nome, Alaska,
sailed on the steamer St. Paul for New
York to-day. •
Belknap Will Be Nominated.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July ll.-Returns
from nearly all of the Republican county
conventions held throughout. Kentucky
to-day point to the nomination of Morris
B.'Belknap for Governor at next Wednes
day's State convention, to be held in
Louisville.
Promotion for a Regicide.
BELGRADE, July 11.— Colonel Mischics
of the Sixth Regiment, who took a prom
inent part in the coup d'etat of June 11,
has been promoted to the post of depart
mental chief of the Ministry of War.
Cable Ship Beaches Juneau.
WASHINGTON, July 1L— Acting Chief
Signal Officer Schriven was advised to
day of the arrival at Juneau,' Alaska, of
the Eurr.side, which vessel will survey a
cable route from Juneau to Sitka and
from Eltka to Seattle. A shipment of 680
miles of cable Is now on its way for use
between the two points first mentioned.
OFFERS ART
TREASURES
TO NATION
ST. LOUIS, July 1L— A plat o.' ground
consisting: of ten acres, located on a hill
ac the World's Fair, was foima'.ly dedi
cated late to-day as the site for the ro
pllcn of the City of Jerusalam, one of the
exhibits of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition. The dedication : ceremonies were
conducted by about fifty natives from Je
rusalem and fully lO.tCO persons witnessed
the Oriental rites.
"A few weeks ago D. W. Mulvane went
to Washington to press the claims of
Charles Bloodsmith as a candidate to suc
ceed Judge Hook. He told the President
that as Senator Long and Mr. Leland and
Governor Bailey had been recognized la
the appointment of Judge Hook to a Cir
cuit Judgeshlp, it was only fair that Sen
ator Burton and Mulvane and that wing
of the party should be recognized in the
appointment of Hook's successor.
"Last spring Senator Burton called at
the White House and told the Pis»ident
that he (Burton) was interested in a high
class Christian exhibit at St. Louis, to be
an exact reproduction of the City of Jeru
salem. He represented to the Prtiident
ihit the scheme would "enable many le-
Ii,;iuus people to ve Jerusalm who couM
nit nfford the trip, and that it wou.d give
t.vusamls a.sfnulus to Bible study vrbo
wou!J nut othf rwise have it.
"The President was enthusiastic and
gave Mr. Burton a letter to some friends,
speaking very highly of the scheme as a
moral agent. Burton took the letter,
which was a personal and private one. put
it in the center of a big advertisement of
stock of the Jerusalem scheme and sent
'¦i to a ma?a?.ine, making the President,
by the jrtcdlns of the advertisement, ad
vise people to buy stock in Burton's
scheme. Before printing the advertise
ment the magazine wrote to the President
to learn if the letter was genuine.
"Roosevelt was in a full-bloodod rage.
His language was cracking tilt? paint en
the Willie House, and cool youns Mulvane
ran frcm the room, thinking: ;t jeerocd a
cross between a cyclone and a vo.c-ino.
Ho was told the President was done with
L'uiton; that Burton had betrayed his
confidence."
Gazette of Emporia, Kans., to-day that
Senator - Burton . had \ aroused President
Roosevelfs anger- 1 " by using: a personal
letter to advertise a St. Louis private ex
hibition scheme. The Gazette said:
The -compelling: , cause \ of ' these secret
conferences : was the announcement from
Peking • early ion . the^ 23d of , June . that \ a
secret convention had . been ' concluded ; be
tween the Russian Minister and Prince
Ching and signed on"- the '20th. t It was
CHINA -ACTS SECBETLY.
At a second conference held on June = 24
It was stated that Marquis Ito had come
to agreed in general";; with the Cabinet's
views for a "positive policy." )'J^:~i
The reply to the Japanese ¦ demand
created a movement in Government
circles. There had been an extrordlnary
Cabinet meeting on the 10th, at which
Admiral Baron Yamamoto, Minister 'of
the Navy, who has been testing the war
efficiency of all the Japanese naval ports,
was present and ifwas rumored that the
Cabinet was; unanimous for a "positive
policy," haying for its object the check
ing of Russia by an appeal to arms if
necessary. \.
It was not known, however, how the
elder statesemen (Genro), an ex-offlclo po
litical power in Japan, regaVded the.mat
ter, nor whether the policy intimated
China or, Russia as the possible object of
direct attack. This latter problem Is : not
yet known, j but extraordinary steps were
taken to ascertain the sentiment of the
elder statesmen.
On June 23 a conference of these vet
erans was called before the throne. Mar
quis^Ito, Field Marshal Marquis Yama
gata. Field ; Marshal -Marquis Oyama,
Count. Matsukata and Count Inonyewere
present and . the Premier, Ministers of
War and the Navy and Foreign Affairs
joined them. The grave political situa
tion was discussed at length. While it
was not learned what occurred, Japanese
papers point to. the conference as showing
the increasing gravity of the situation.
Marquis Ito and Count Inonye are known
to oppose drastic " measures, but the
Ministers and Yamagata and
Count Matsukata' favored the Cabinet's
stand. ;-.-.-"/ -.-¦¦ . z; ¦¦' ¦¦¦¦¦;¦-¦ - . ¦¦ ;..
dition to the other demands. In this con
nection negotiations are said to be"un
der way between^Secretary Hay and the
Chinese Embassador at Washington.^
COUNCILS IN JAPAN.
rOKIO, June 25, via Victoria, B.
C, July 11.— The political atmos
phere of Japan during the. last
week has , been | t riickv wltb/"ru
mors of i impending war. The
signal for their birth was the
arrival of General Kouropatkin, Russian
Minister of War, who is expected to leave
on the warship Askold-for home to-day,
thereby considerably curtailing the an
nounced term of his stay.
The immediate cause of the angry senti
ment is a succession of reports of Chi
nese diplomatic intrigues with Russia at
Peking and of the Russian encroachment
upon Korea. On the 17th it was reported
in Peking that Prince Cbing, while, pro
fessing to, be ill, was negotiating with
the Russian -Minister through Lien Feng,
Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs, who
acted as interpreter at the first confer
ence between the Prince and Minister
Lessar on the 10th.
On the 19th it was wired that Mr.
Uchida, Japanese Minister at Peking, the
day before filed a formal demand on the
Chinese authorities to open Moukden and
Tai Tung Kout -to ; foreign trade and ex
horted them not to accept even one article
of the Russian demands. As to the open
ing of the ports in question, the Chinese
authorities replied that the circumstances
were not favorable for compliance. The
British Charge d' Affaires, Mr. Townley,
was reported to have taken the. "same
stand as Japan. The United States de
manded the opening of the harbor In ad-
said that when the Japanese Minister in
.tercogated,Prince Ching on. June 22 that
the Prince flatly, denied the existence of
any secret agreement with -Russia. Later
it was announced that the agreement,
containing four parts, had been forward
ed to St. Petersburg for imperial sanction,
whereupon 'it would go into immediate
effect. ¦ . .•.:¦- '
The belief is that the convention exists,
but that it was concluded . between the
Russian Minister and the Chinese Vice
Minister, so that Prince Chins will be
able to disclaim any' official knowledge of
its existence, in the .meantime it was
stated that Prince . ChlR£* informed Mr.
Townley, British . Charge , d 1 Affaires at
Peking, that he had not seen M. Lessar,
but that Vice Minister Lien Feng had
been conferring 'with the Russian Minis
ter, and an arrangement wholly satisfac
tory to the powers concerned would be
concluded shortly. ........
Russia still maintains its grasp on the
timber-cutting provinces, etc.. on the
Yalu, and has sent a formal note to the
Korean Government maintaining it3
rights there.-". The Japan-China Company
is hoisting Japanese flags on its rafts,
and ¦ friction has occurred between, the
Russians and Japanese over- the owner
ship of some rafts.
Russia's -military preparations near the
Yalu are being continued. On June 18 400
Russian cavalry with one gun arrived at
Antung Hslen, being the advance party
of numerous artillery and cavalry which
left' Liaoyang for the Yalu. These re
ports are confirmed by official advices re
ceived at Peking*. '.
~ W. F. Sands, American adviser to the
Korean court, is leaving Seoul for home.
He held the foremost position among the
foreign advisers." "- •', ¦ jj,, . ;• . -.
Continuing, he said he was interested
personally in the proposed Wheeling,
Waynesburg and Eastern Railroad, which
would connect the great mills of the Wheel
ing district with the coke fields of Pennsyl
vania. This has been a mooted point, and
Gould's assertion that he is back of it
means its success. In that case the Ohio
will be bridged here and connection made
with the Wheeling and Lake Erie, already
dominated by Gould interests. Before his
train left Gould said, smilingly:
"Times will continue good; it looks that
way to me. and I do not think the view
is too optimistic. The entire country
seems to be solidly prosperous."
"One good feature about the railroad
will be its lack of dangerous or even
heavy grades. None will be so hard as
to prevent the hauling of seventy or
seventy-five cars in a single-head train,
and this is saying a great deal," said
Gould. . " f.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 11.— "We
will have our road completed and in op
eration from tidewater to tidewater, from
ocean to ocean, within eighteen months,"
was the statement of George Gou'.d this
afternoon on the occasion of a short visit
to Wheeling to look over Wabash inter
ests here. He was accompanied by a
trainload of high railroad officials— the
entire set 'of officers from the Wabash
and the Wheeling and Lake Erie. In the
party was President Jeffrey and Vice
President Hardey of the Missouri Pacific,
President Ramsey of the Wabash and a
score of lesser railroad dignitaries. They
came from Cleveland and went East in
the evening.
Gould talked freely in a general way of
the p'.ans of his company. He said he
was able to announce that all arrange
ments would go through, connecting
lines be built and one vast system from
East to West running in a year and a
half.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
view of thf fortieth anniversary the Em
j>eror hed seen fit to elevate his wife and
ton to their proper ranfcs.
The father of Emily Brown was a Pres
byterian missionary and the first Pro
testant to settle in Seoul, the capital of
Korea. His youthful daughter, who pos
sessed a beautiful voice, sang frequently
Tn the mission church. The beauty of the
maiden was reported to the. Emperor, and
the ruler commanded her to enter his
harem, which she indignantly refused to
do. Two years later she concluded to
move into the palace after the Emperor
had promised to marry her.
Emily Brown, with true American
fhrewdness. alter the tragic death of the
first wife of the Emperor of Korea and
her own elevation to imperial rar.k, made
it a condition that she should re{ain her
Christian name. Although previously only
the "first favorite" of the Emperor, she
nevertheless was always greatly honored
by the courts of Tokio and Peking.
At the beginning of this year, to the
surprise of every one, the Korean Official
Gazette announced that the favorite had
been laised to the rank of Imperial
Princess, with the full title of Empress-
Queen. The official announcement also
stated that after the death of his first
wife the Emperor of Korea had been
Quietly married to 'Lady Em!!y," and in
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. J'Jiy 11.— A local
<!aily prints the following under a To
kio, Japan, date: Last January Yi He
yung, the Emperor of Korea, celebrated
the fortieth anniversary of his coming
to the throne, and on the same day a
beautiful Yankee girl, Emily Brown,
the daughter of an Appleton (Wis.)
missionary, was crowned Queen of Ko
rea. Her infant son was also proclaimed
heir to the throne. Up to the time of
her coronation the new Empress of Ko
rea bore merely the title of "Lady Em
ily," in Korean "emsy," but now she
is called "Empress Om." or, translated
into English, "The dawn of the morn
ing."
Specls.1 Dispatch to The CaV.
His cries became incoherent and before
the enraged citizens could be checked the
skin was literally cut from his body and
distributed among the villagers. He died
with his e7es on the little girl whose
life he had ruined. His heart was then
cut out with jack knives, his toes and
fingers chopped off and carried away as
mementoes. His bloody and mangled form
was then soaked with kerosene and fired.
He would have been torn limb from
limb on the spot, but the horrible crime
seemed to demand a more cruel death
and cool heads kept the enraged mob
back. The negro was dragged to the vil
lage common and bound to a tree. Again
the mob gave vent to its wild desire for
revenge and it was by the greatest efforts
of the leaders that it was kept back.
The clothing of, the negro was torn
from his body and pins, tacks, penknives
and every conceivable weapon of torture
mu stuck into his flesh as he struggled,
vainly pleading for his life.
He was allowed to suffer a hundred
deaths, with his body bleeding in a thou
sand places. The almost lifeless form of
his little victim was then placed before
the glaring eyes of the brute, while will
ing hands cut the tongue from his swollen
mouth.
WHEELING. W. Va., July 11.— A spe
cial to the Register from Bluefields says:
The little town of Devon, Mingo County,
was the scene yesterday of an attack
upon a 14-year-old girl by a negro, fol
lowed by his lynching by a mob number
ing more than 200 men. The little girl
was caught a short distance from her
home by the r.egro and carried to a
neighboring wood, where she was tied to
a tree and gagged. Her absence was no
ticed by neighbors, who immediately
formed themselves into a searching par
ty. She was found in an almost dying
condition, but was able to tell the story
to the horror-stricken searchers.
Wild were the cries for vengeance, but
rafter a consultation it was decided to qui
etly lay in wait for the fiend. In a short
time he appeared and was about to re
new his attack upon the helpless child
when the entire mob of concealed search
ers emerged and made for him.
Avengers Cut • Out His
Tongue and Strip Skin
From His Body.
Emily Brown of Appleton
Is Now the Empress
Om.
Magnate Says System Will
Be Completed in Eigh
teen Months.
Daughter of American
Missionary Wins
a Crown.
Rails to Stretch From
the Atlantic to the
Dying Wretch Suffers
From a Thousand
Wounds.
Shares tlie Throne
With Ruler of
Korea.
Gould Announces
Perfection of
riaiis.
Mob Sticks Tacks
and Pins Into
Victim.
WISCONSIN
GIRL WEDS
AN EMPEROR
HORRIBLE
TORTURE OF
BLACK FIEND
RAILROAD
WILL SPAN
CONTINENT
VOLUME XCIV— XO. 42.
Pages 21 to 34
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 21 to 34The reason of this state of things It is
not difficult to comprehend. It is grad
ually dawning upon the educated youns
men of China that a knowledge of the
Confucian classics is no longer what it
was from a commercial point of view.
And the comprehension of this fact is
sufficient to account for the diminishing
interest that Is being taken in the ac
quisition of Confucian learning. It must
also be admitted that, as the broader and
deeper knowledge Introduced and incul
cated by western scholars is becoming
assimilated there is an ever increasing
realization of how inadequate Confucian-
Ism is, notwithstanding its merits to meet
Careful observers in China are noticing
the gradual decay of Confucianism. Its
sway over the minds of the Chinese liter
ati is by no means what it was even as
recently as twenty or thirty years ago.
It is true that there is apparently *\o
marked diminution in the number of an
cestral halls, the .existence of which all
over the land serves as an indication of
the vitall'v of the state religion; yet.
nevertheless, the more the country is per
meated with western knowledge, the more
are the minds of the educated classes be
coming alienated from the teachings to
which before unquestioning obedience was
accorded.
Decay of Confucianism.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Californians in
New York: San Francisco — E. J. Kelly
and wife. G. W. Wittmann and wife, at
the Grand; J. Benson. H. Jennings, Miss
E. M. Riffner, at the Grand Union; Miss
M. Henderson, at the Broadway Central;
Miss Bartholomew, I. R. Blanco, at the
Victoria; C. H. Murphy, at the Hoffman;
H. G. Playneld, at the Albemarle; J. Wil
son, at the Everett.
Los Angeles— Mrs. R. Collins, Mrs. I>. E.
Smith, at the Grand Union; G. F. Hort,
H. M. Eichelbergrer. at the Imperial; J.
H. McCutchean and wife, at the Everett;
L. J. P. Sperance, at the Holland; P. K.
Bagley, I. C. Douglas, V. O. Finney, T.
W. Hayman. C. M. Sexton, L..F. Shep
ard, F. A. Sutton, at the Broadway Cen
tral; W. J. Blessner. W. C. Brode. A. F.
Frankenstein, O. Lawless, P. C. Mangan,
A. W. Murray, at the Herald Square; C.
A. Ducommon, H. J. Walcott, at the St.
Denis; II. Goldschmits, at the Marlbor
ough.
• San Jose— P. W. Butler and wife, at the
St. Denis.
Santa Rosa— R. C. Moody, at the St.
George.
Californians in New York.
The Romans are determined by all
means to ascertain every thinsr possible
about the Pope. It is announced that
the local spiritualists have been in coun
cil, have implored spirits to tome to their
aid and were replied to by the shade of
Pope Pius IX. which declared Leo XIII
had. a tumor In the pleura, of a papilloz
nature, and that- the cyst, for which the
Pope was operated, upon some years ago,
was reforming.
Professor Charles P. Grannan, profes-
; In view of the serious condition of the
Pope the Neapolitans have had recourse
to their most Bacred and seldom used
method of rendering him assistance. St.
Gennaro is their greatest saint and his
miter is preserved at Naples. It is said
to work. miracles. The aristocracy and
clergy of Naples begged the Archbishop
to send the miter to Rome, and he al
lowed It to leave the city for the first
time in many years. The precious relic
was intrusted to Mgr. Prince Caraccloto,
who arrived with it Baiely in Rome to
day. At the Vatican the miter was re
ceived by Cardinal Rampolla and Mgr.
Blsleti, who, with great ceremony, thank
ed the Neapolitans for their piety and
self-sacrifice in allowing the miter to
come here.
After the . Cardinal had Invited Mgr.
Caraccioto to remain for some days in
this city the sacred relic was deposited
In the sickroom.
"I know all about it. The news was
spread by an American doctor in Rome.
I authorize you to deny it emphatically
and to make the following statement:
The disease of the Pope is pneumonia,
followed by pleurisy, or, as it is com
monly called, .pleuro-pneumonia. To have
nephritlp, which means inflammation of
the kidneys, the latter must be diseased,
while those of the Pontiff are healthy."
The following bulletin was issued at
7 o'clock this evening:
' "After a rather quiet day, the patient' s
condition is generally, easier. The thorax
was again examine'd. There was, no in
crease of liquid in the upper portion of
the thorax to give indications of pleuritic
irritation. , The pulse was stronger and
fuller at 86; respiration, 23, and tempera
ture 36.9 centigrade. His mental condition
was brighter. "ROSSONI."
"LAPPONI."
HOPE TO WORK A MIRACLE.
A rumor circulated to the effect that
the Pope was suffering from inflamma
tion of the kidneys was denied by Dr.
Mazzoni, who said:
It was explained to the Pontiff that the
excitement of the last few days had over
come Monsigneur Volpini. who was quite
unwell. But the Pope was not informed
that Monsigneur Volpini was dead.
"What Is the matter? Why does he not
come to see me?"
NOTES V0LPINTS ABSENCE.
Later in the day the Pope received the
Countess Canall and the Countess Moroni,
hy? nieces, and after a short chat with
them asked about Monsigneur Volpini,
saying:
Pope's doctors after this morning's visit
and they assured him that the ameliora
tion which had taken, place in the condi
tion of the Pope since the last operation
was more noticeable than any which had
occurred since the Pontiff became ill, but
it was not sufficient to enable them to
consider the patient out of imminent dan
ger. The probability was that liquid will
again gather In the pleura, rendering nec
essary, perhaps. Several new operations.
The whole question was, they said,
would the' patient make constant progress
and thus during the intervals between
each operation gain strength enough to
gradually absorb the liquid which formed
in the pleura, or would his .weakness aug
ment, which would mean, ultimately, a
catastrophe.
To understand the sudden and' radical
changes occurring, not so much in the
P6pe's condition as in the feeling of the
publlo when rumors are circulated about
the improved or retrograde state of the
Pontiff's health, it is likened to an elec
trified condition of the atmosphere, which
has been aroused throughout Rome and
especially around the Vatican during the
past week of trepidation and anxiety. A
general desire to see Pope Leo win an
other battle and accomplish what would
appear to be a miracle, against all former
experiences and the laws of science, is
uniting everybody, Catholics as well as
others, In one supreme wish to see the
Pope out of danger.
A representative of the press saw the
Having expressed a desire hear mass,
the Pontiffs secretary, Monsigneur, An
geli. celebrated it-in the chapel adjacent
to the sickroom, leaving the door open
so that the Pope could follow the service.
Shortly afterward Dr. Mazzoni, visited
the Pope and .confirmed, the .relatively
good condition of the patient, as observed
by Dr. Lapponi, with the exception of
the working of the kidneys, which con
tinue to cause apprehension. The Pope's
pulse was better. ;
On leaving the sickroom Dr. Mazzoni
¦was surrounded by the church dignitaries,
who were waiting in. the. ante-chamber,
anxious for news.. A picket of the Noble
Guard, in their gorgeous uniform, stood
silently among the somberly gowned pre
lates, giving a pleasing touch of color to
the scene. Cardinal Rampolla waited for
Dr Mazzoni in tho throne-room, and
when the physician appeared the. Papal
Secretary of State requested him to make
a detailed report of the Pope's condition.
After complying, Dr. Mazzoni complained
to the Cardinal of the gossip and criti
cisms concerning the doctors diagnosis
of the illness of the Pope and the treat
ment being administered. In reply. Car
dinal Rampolla said he had complete and
unbounded confidence in the physicians.
"This is why." the Cardinal added, I
never interfered in any way in the con
sultations." 1 . "iv"'-'
-On leaving the Vatican Dr. Mazzoni
was stopped. and asked, for the news by
Cardinal Cavagnis. who. with a number
of other Cardinals, called early at the
Vatican for information, while other Car
dinals sent their secretaries for the lat
est reports. '¦•''¦-¦
While Dr. Mazzoni was in the sickroom
the Pope took a cup of meat broth.
| EAGER FOR POPE'S RECOVERY.
This conversation with the doctor, suc
ceeded in so tranquilizlng tWe Popo that
he refused to seo Monsigneur Pifferi, his
confessor. <"'~
HEARS CHANTING OF MASS.
After this the Pontiff's face again as
sumed its habitual bright, benevolent ex
pression, and he smiled as he had done
in his best moments. : • . <
Hope for the Pope's recovery has again
risen in the Vatican. Even his attend
ants have been able to enjoy much needed'
rest. Dr. Lapponl paid his lirst visit of
the day to the Pope at 7 o'clock this
morning. The Pontiff, at first, was not in
a good humor, saying he could not stand
remaining so many hours in bed. never
having been accustomed to He clown for
longer than four or five hours at a time.
The doctor, however, succeeded in con
vincing him that when persons were ill
it was necessary to change their habits,
even if they seemed not to be so com
fortable. f\<. ..'¦..¦
"But is it really necessary?" asked the
Pontiff. ,'
Dr. Lapponi replied: "It Is not- indis
pensable, but it will certainly assist our
efforts." ' f . :' " .
"Then." concluded the Pope, "I must
do so."
Premier Seddon. Considerable significance
was attached at the Vatican to this in
cident.
the requirements of the present day.—
North China Herald.
VALLEJO. July 11.— Fire destroyed part of
J. F. Dclninjer'a brewery in South Vallejo
this mornins. The loss is $1000, covered by
Insurance.
The Most Rev. J. K. Harty of St.
Louis. Mo., the newly appointed Arch
bishop of Manila, cabled to the Vatican
at the end of June asking for permis
sion to be consecrated in Rome. At the
same time he wrote to Cardinal Satolli.
saying it would be the greatest pleasure
of his life if the Cardinal would conse
crate him. Cardinal Satolli answered, ac
cepting, and Cardinal Rampolla gave or
ders to answer by cable, acceding to
Archbishop Harty's wish, and a message
to that effect was drafted on July 2, but
Archbishop Harty, not receiving It. ca
bled again yesterday, asking for an ex
planation. When he found- that there was
a mistake, the original dispatch not hav
ing been 'forwarded. Cardinal Rampolla
ordered it immediately transmitted to
Archbishop Harty, who Is expected to ar
rive in Rome before the end of the month.
sor of sacred scripture at the Catholic
University at Washington, has arrived
here, intending to participate in the work
of the commission for Biblical studies,
of which he is a member: but he found
that all but routine church business had
been suspended on account of the Pope's
condition. *
pini's death by saying that he was ill.
Pope Leo excuaimed, "Then we must ap
point a coadjutor." and he thereupon
solemnly declared that Mgr. Marini should
act as assistant to the man who was bur
ied on Friday. The grim oddity of the
situation was heightened by the coinci
dence that Mgr. Marini 'himself was coad
jutor to the secretary of the congistorial
congregation when Pope Pius IX died,
He is now a substitute at the congrega
tion of briefs. This indication of the
wishes of his Holiness, though given un
der circumstances of pathetic conceal
ment, is likely to secure for Mgr. Marini
the place made vacant by the sudden
death of MgT. Volpini.
Another incident showing the wonder
ful vitality of his Holiness occurred when
the Pope- was to4d of the postponement of
King Victor Emmanuel's visit to Paris
on account of the Papal affliction.
"Ah," said the Pontiff, "we know how
chivalrous Is the house of Savoy, even to
its opponents."
This note of harmony, struck from a
pick bed, makes it apparent on aii sides
that the chasm between the Government
TWO FAITHFUL SERVANTS
OF THE POPE— HIS VALET
AND HIS CONFESSOR.
ROME. July 12. 12:10 a. m.— "I think
he will live to be 100," said an Ital
ian priest in the courtyard of the
Vatican last right as he read the
latest bulletin regarding the Pope's condi
tion.
"I don't believe the bulletin." said an
cther.
'•I don't cither." chimed in a third, "but
It does not do to say so here."
Thr«c expressions accurately represent
the difference cf opinion exhibited by
those who have to rely for information
regarding the Pontiff's illness on official
bulletins.
Cardinal Satolli. in a conversation with
a representative of the press, said that
life was kept in the tired body of the
Pontiff only by the constant use of power
ful stimulants, and othrr persons equally
reliable who saw the Pope yesterday and
fKho had seen him in previous days of his
illness agree with Cardinal Satolli In say
ing that d^ath has made all its ravages
save the reparation of the soul and the
body. Yet the doctors announce to the j
public that Pope Lt-o's general condition J
is satisfactory. i
PHYSICIANS ARE MYSTIFIED.
An explanation of the apparent contra
diction lies in the fact that the doctors
expected his Holiness to die long before
this and now are exercising in their bul
letins an excess of caution and a com
j^arative method of expression which is
incomprehensible to the Jay mind. More
over, the extraordinary of their
patient has. so to speak, annihilated every
medical theory held by doctors in Italy, so
it is scarcely surprising that Drs. Ros
ronl, Mazzoni and Lappor.i content them
selves with daily recording the symptoms
of progression and retrogression which
suoce^d each other with such baffling ir
r»-gui2rity as to forbid the risk tjf mak
ing a definite prognostication for th/; pub
lic. In private they only disagree as to
the number of days the struggle will last.
Though science still may be unable to
The British Government has been
obliged to forego its custom, dating many
years, of holding no diplomatic inter
course with the Vatican. To-day the
Government cabled direct to Cardinal
Rampolla, as Secretary of State, saying a
cable message had been received from the
Government of New Zealand, inquiring
about the Pope's health and requesting
an answer in order to transmit it to
. The doctors say they would scarcely be
surprised if the see-saw between life and
death, continued for another fifteen days.
This afternoon the extraordinary nono
genarian received in audience three Car
dinals, one belonging to the Order of.
Bishops, one to the Order of Priests and
one to the Order of Deacons, in the pri
vate chapel of the Pontiflcial apartments.
A prayer Eervice for the Pope's re
covery was commenced to-day . and
will continue unceasingly until Monday
night. Prayers • will be said and
chanted in Pope .Leo's behalf and the ex
pense of the services will be borne by the
ancient *body known as the "Pope's fa
miliars.". „ ,^
A dispatch from Turin announces that
even in that cradle "of the house of Savoy,
which wrested temporal power from, the
Vatican, the .inhabitants to-day formed
an imposing procession, headed by priests,
and slowly marched through the streets,
chanting intercessions. At the Church
of the Consolata, the Archbishop of Turin,
Cardinal Rlchelmy, himself a possible
successor of the Pope, addressed a multi
tude and pronounced a eulogium of Leo
XIII. declaring that his death would be
an irreparable loss to tho Church of
Rome.
BRITAIN RECOGNIZES VATICAN.
slight improvement is manifest
in the primary ailment, the con
dition of the kidneys now gives
cause for a renewal of anxiety. This is
increased by the danger of the Pontiff's
heart giving out at any moment. In a
general way. however, the brave old
patient may be said to be more com
fortable than for several days.
ROME, July 11.— Though the Pope
continues to hold his ow*n and a
save Pope ITeo in his present "illness, it
has, at least, afforded him practically a
painless day. Since Saturday morning hJs
Holiness included in his pontifical, routine
a peaceful sleep,.:, tho duration, of. which
gave rise to some' alarm, several visits
fromjhis doctors and .audiences with four
or'five Cardinals. For a man of his age
in perfect health this Saturday would not
have been an idle one.' • v , .' •;
COADJUTOR TO THE DEAD. ,
The tremendous superiorijy-ef the ¦Pont
iff's mind over his - frajl '.'frame can • be
judged from his actions yesterday regard
ing Mgr. Volpini. .Tired 'of the insistent
excuses made by 'those who were trying
to conceal from. him the fact of Mgr. Vol-
ILLNESS STILL
FAILS TO CHECK
POPE'S ENERGY
In the Papal ante-chamber Dr. Lapponl,
speaking to-the Spanish Embassador, who
had visited the Vatican to inquire th©
condition of the Pontiff, said:
"This is the first night that it can be
said that there is real amelioration of the
patient's heart trouble. That organ is
getting stronger and the possibility of
Pope Leo's recovery is not excluded."
The'gre'at scourge of the Italian people
is the lottery, which is in the hands of
the Government and which turns millions
into the treasury every year. The people
buy tickets in the lottery at all times and
their investments ar£ , much/heavier when
an event out of tfte, 1 corxunipn takes place.
Then they resort ieVerito^ pawnbrokers to
obtain money with : 'which to buy tickets.
Naturally the Pope's illness couid not be
overlooked, and 'yesterday thousands of
dollars were spent in tTiis way. the favor
ite numbers being 5S for the Pope, 26 for
the disease and 59 for Cardinal Oreglia. It
is computed that if these numbers had
all won the Government would have lost
$1,000,000. However, none was successful,
eo the money was lost by the poor, who,
with characteristic elasticity of spirit, are
already saying that the numbers are evi
dently those of next week, and are anx
iously watching the phases of the Pont
iff's illness so that they may be able to
make wagors with what they consider a
show of security.
It is rumored that in the last medical
bulletin regarding the Pope's condition
the doctor emitted to state that the ac
tion of the kidneys had improved, wish
ing before making .this announcement to
have-more "positive evidence of the fact.
HEAVY PLAY. IN-L0TTERY.
and the Vatican has almost been bridged
over by the national- -sympathy -for the
dying Pope.
Cardinal Satolli's Statement of Pontiff's Condition Not
as Reassuring as the Official Bulletins.
POPE LEO'S SEEMING IMPROVEMENT
DUE TO STRONGEST OF STIMULANTS
' ¦ ¦ ¦ - * ' ¦• .:-¦••¦¦.. . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
22
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
I Whiskey Lures Another Victim to a Shameful Death 1
I Sad Fate of an English Gentleman in a Prison Cell I
S "Walter H. Aslic, an Englishman javIio had charge of the shoe g
g department of a- department store, died imthe/City : Jail between the . g
*j time of his incarceration Friday night and yesterday morningywhen §
5 his dead body was discovered in one of the tanks: An inquest was .': - j§j
*> held at a morgue to which the body was removed, and the Coroner's ¦ . g
g - jury returned a verdict of death from acute alcoholism. The" liver g
g was found to be abnormally enlarged. Ashe, who roomed on South g
£ Figueroa street, was 40 years of age and unmarried. The St. §
o George Society will have charge of the funeral." — Times, Los An- . g
3 - What a horrible death! The mere thought of it makes one shudder. This s
g man had given up home, friends, honor, love and ambition to die a d^ath %
| of dark disgrace-tor what? WHISKEY. %
6 This man was a gentleman, honored, respected, educated, a member of a §
*2 noble order. He began by drinking moderately. He died a death of shame, 8
g unhonored, unmourned, alone— in a wretched prison cell. g
<» Men are pretty nearly alike the world over, and whiskey is the same sort
o of poison everywhere, and everywhere its mission is-to destroy Its g
% terrible history is written in the misery and shame and ruin of a hundred ;¦' g
S generations, and what whiskey did for the millions of unfortunate mortals s
S who tampered with it, and the young Englishman in a prison cell— so sure s
O WE GUABAKTIE TO POSITIVELY AND PERMANENTLY CUBS the most advanced cases of Alcoholic Intern- &
$ perance. We kill the desire for spirituous beverages without tho uie of hypodermics or system-wrecking 1 drugs. A
% THE THOUSANDS OF DUINKING MEN who have taken our treatment for Alcoholic Intemperance are living o
O witnesses to the efficacy, safety and permanency of our cure. V^, • p?
Pi OirB lETSTITUTK ,HAS MET WITH THE UNQUALIPIED ENDORSEMENT Of the leading JUDGES in San O
.> Francisco and Los Angeles, the POLICE DEPAETMEKT3 of these cities, public officials and citizens of eminence &
S and probity in all parts of the State. $
4 y ALL COMMUNICATIONS ASS SACKED, and we hold secret the fact that any person has taken our cure, unlessr M
a authorized in writing to publish the fact For general information in reference to the business write or apply to S
the executive offices. . S
|Three=Day Liquor Cure Institute, inc.
« Suite 301, Starr King Building, 121 Geary Street, San Francisco : 3
g LOS ANGELES INSTITUTE, Uo\ i SOUTH SPRING STREET, LOS ANGELES. O
jg'M8O8D0O8O8»8OeO83«3CeceoeO^^
IN WOMAN'S BREAST
A LUMP IS CANCER
A lamp or acre on tho lip, face or any-
whare six months Ii nearly always
cancer. Xt never pains until
almost past cure.
I WILL GIVE $1,000
If I Fail to CURE any CANCER or
Timor. NO KNIFE OR PAIN.
Not a Dollar Need Be Paid Until Cored.
The nearest painless and infallible
cure ever discovered. Best free book on
cancers ever printed sent with tes-
timonials of thousands cured whom you
can see. A small lump in the breast
will poison the glands In the armpit
where cure is often impossible.
In 30 years I have cured more- can-
cers than any other, doctor living. Why
experiment with the swindling X-Ray
or home treatment until past cure?
Investigate my absolute guarantee.
120-pagre book sent free.
The Dr. Cham ley Cancer Cure Co.,
"Strictly Sellable."
Offices: 23-25 Third St., SAN FRANCISCO.
Please send to some one with Cancer
fto SUN DIALS dfr
IJ\ in /!1
1 vm
I tJ{ Marble t-. j
LJ Slate, VJ
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADEVftRRANTED
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory »26 Howard Sfe
1/ > ' ADVEBTISEJiIENTS. ¦ -
It Will Be San Francisco's Greatest-Grandest
More Than a Hundred ttousaild Dollars' Worth of Roscnthal's Good
7 ! Shoes for Men, Women and Children
ilft^eito^BefSpld at Tremendously Deduced Prices to Gain Boom for the
Proper Display of the Immense New
Fall and Winter StocK That Is Soon to Arrive
Every Department in Our Big Store Will Contribute Scores of Matchless
Bargains to This Great Sale i
The shoes are all desirable. There isn't a single pair of poor shoes nor a single antique style In any of the offerings, and
unless explicitly stated otherwise, each lot contains a full and complete range of sizes.
During This Sale— As Always— Shoes Will Be Freely Exchanged and Money Promptly Refunded for Unsatis-
factory Purchases Returned in Perfect Condition
The Only Exceptions to This Rule Are the Shoes Plainly Advertised as Broken Lines— These We Cannot Exchange or Take Back
nmt ARE SEVEN OF THE WONDERFUL BARGAINS
They Will astonish Even Those Who Have Learned From Experience to Expect Extraordinary Values When Rosenthsi's Holds a Special Sale
Men's and Women's Best Women's Best $3.00 Men's Best $6.00 and $7.00 Children's Regular $2, $2.50
$3.50 Shoes Oxfords Tan Shoes and $3.00 Shoes
In fifty of this season's most elegant Kid or patent leather with high Louis The famous Hanan make. This eea- Broken Lines la Narrow Sizes Only,
styles. ' 15th heel«. • son's Product.
Reduced @<*T) $bE m Reduced tf* 4) /\/\ m Reduced jj/; 4)p B Reduced f A^
to. vP^t.OvJ to y^«UU to I to. vlvrlr
All leathers, all sizes, all widths. S3 im> ra{rs , n the lot An s , zeg SI ~- 0 pair3 , n th(? , Qt IB yi(X) palrg <he
Men'i D«o*rtinent— JS»ia Fl«ar ;^. , L_" ;¦ ¦_>¦ A .\: _ -r- -_:
Women'i Department -Mtin Moor Bwement Depirtment M«n'§ Dep»rtment~M»in floor B»Mm«at Dtptrtment
?4.C0 won't buy better shoes than New and up-to-date — nobby as can One would as soon expect to buy This offering savors more o* rtvlns:
these In any other store on earth. A be. But our policy calls for the cash- gold dollars at a discount as the Hanan ,. „. „ . .. „. * .
bargain like this could only happen at ing in of all summer shoes now, no shoes at a cut price— but a Rosenthal than * e "lns— " •nows the little value
Rosenthal's. < matter how desirable they may be. clearance Is no respecter of values. we dace on odd lots now.
Boys' and Youths' ?&? Women's High or Children's 8ft l ft8&
Lace Shoes Low Shoes Lace Shoes
Reduced to the Following Special Prices Ends of Lines That Sold at $2, $3, $4, »„.€„,.,,«« ?« ••,<, f«h«. ,!„«, ci-i-j^i d~i
eim 11 to 2 sim 2* t« i% ebb $5 and $6, All Reduced to bb Reduced to the Following Special Prices:
C| CZ(\ ei 7^ HM />A MostlyNarrow . si«.su8 kmukuvk sa«iito*
* i>5U b...».., 1^ § HbU ww «» — $1.00 $1.25 $1.50
These shoes are enduringly good for wear. They Women t Department— Main Tlosr Bwsmeat Department
are built from the toughest kind of leather, and the The climax of bargain-making — the height of
sole* are thickly studded with steel horseshoes. It's value-giving is reached in this offering. It's the It is a great thine to be abl» to buy these
a splendid chance for parents with boys to fit out one great chance of a lifetime for women who can shoes at these prices — never before would so little
for school opening. . . find their proper sizes. money commard so much shoe excellence.
SAMPLES OF ALL THESE SHOES ARE SHOWN IN OUR WINDOWS
There Are Hundreds of Other Bargains-All Equally Surprising. It would tak; pages of space to tell of all the chances to save, so we have
sHf ¦ d th c e it?rrttf for <rvdal n ention t -day The rpgt we'll s v ow vou when vou come to the st^rp.
A Rosenthal Sale Is No More Like the Ordinary Affairs That Clamor for Attention With Such
Wearisome Frequency Than Day Is Like Night
Rosenthal's Bargains Are Real Bargains— As Honest as Sunlight
Mai! Orders for Sale Shoes Ilil^ iSU W B^H iHl B Iv Th ' S '* a Splendld Chancc to Tc st
Carefully Filled as Long as BllL *r«~' ~r* i «st* c Satisfaction Guaranteed or Your
the Lots Hold Out a^ 1Ke Best &hOe Store Moncy Back-Always
107, 109. Ill, 113 KEARNY ST.. SAN FRANCISCOThe population of New York is about
3,600,000. Of this nuniJJgr only 78,399 pay
taxes on personal estate.
The Lyceum will, beginning to-morrow,
sell regardless'of cost all its clothing and
shoes— $20,000 worth must* be disposed of
before August 1. The store will be re
modeled and opened as a ladies* cloak
and suit house. Carpenters are engaged
to begin work August 3. Not a single
garment or shoe shall be left, the price
to be one-half of its original cost, r
515 to $25 men's all-wool suits $6.95
$10 to $15 men's all-wool suits 4.65
$3.50 ladles' and men's shoes 1.85
$2.50 ladies* and men's shoes 135
This sale will last two weeks, and not
One -day longer. Every article will be
sold. Those that care for a* saving in
men's clothing and ladles* and men's
shoes should take advantage of this bona
fide offer of the Lyceum, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. •
Will Be Closed August 1st.
Vice Consul Bowen Ordered Home.
PARIS, July 11.— Vice Consul James A.
Bowen of Chicago has been ordered to re
port' to the State Department at Wash
ington for assignment to other duty.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Word was received
hero to-day of the death at Battle Creek,
Mich., of John Mayo Palmer, former Cor
poration Counsel of Chicago and a son of
the late General John M. Palmer of Illi
nois. .
John Mayo Palmer Dead.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., July 11.—
J. C. St. John, president of the Colorado
Springs City Council, indicted on a charge
of having acecpted a railroad pass as a
bribe, was acquitted by a Jury in the
District Court under Instructions of Judge
Seeds, who declared the evidence for the
prosecution insufficient. .
Accused Councilman Acquitted.
Some time ago Oranges purchased a
horse from Munch, who represented the
animal to be young. Oranges, when he
found it was an old horse, wanted the
money back.
While Munch was sleeping in his wagoa
in the yard back of the Avenue stables.
Oranges awakened him shortly before 5
o'clock. According to Munch, Oranges
struck him on the head with his pistol
and then shot him twice, one ball en
tering the left crm and the other the right
breast near the clavicle. Neither wound
is dangerous. Oranges claims he shot in
self-defense. Munch was removed to the
hospital and a bullet was extracted from
his neck, where it had lodged.
STOCKTON. July 11.— A. C. Munch, a
horse trader and junk dealer, is lying at
St. Joseph's Hospital with two bullet
wounds in his body and Gremia Oranges,
a fireman at the Pacific Tannery, is in
jail, charged with assault to murder. A
horse trade is at the bottom of the
trouble.
Purchaser of an Alleged
Young Steed Tries
to Kill.
Mexico raises 50,000 bales of the IOQ.,000
bales of cotton used each year in that
country.
Underground Wires at Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, July 11.— Workmen are
now busy laying the conduits for the
wires of the telephone company, which
are to be placed under ground at once.
The work is going on In an alley be
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth streets
from the company's new office in the Oil
Exchange building. It Is the Intention
to extend this improvement as far as
possible in the city, and it will be a
great improvement.
Postal Ruling Causes Dismay.
BAKERSFIELD. July 11.— A recent rul
ing by the Postofflce Department in re
gard to. the rural free delivery service
may. prevent the establishment of the
route proposed from the Bakersfield office
to Pylema. which the residents of that
district have been anxious to obtain. By
the ruling no route can be started unless
there are at least 100 families within the
territory served.
Bartender Shoots at 'a Negro.
SACRAMENTO, July 11. — Charles
Fouse, a bartender employed in a saloon
at 1009 Third street, this morning had
a auarrel with Samuel Cousier, a negro,
which resulted in • Fouse firing a shot.
The bullet cut holes in the negro's cloth
ing, but did not strike his body. Fouse
was arrested on a charge of assault with
intent to commit murder. He was after
ward released under $2000 bonds.
Santa Maria Gusher Busy.
SANTA MARIA. Jufcr 11.— The ,big
gusher still holds its own, but has been
capped to prevent loss of oil. It is esti
mated that 2000 barrels per day is its
capacity. A 3*i-inch pipe line is being put
in to carry the fluid from the well to Gra
ciosa. three and a half miles away, from
where it can be shipped by rail.
Breaks Neck While Combing Hair.
PARIS. July 11.— While combing her
hair before a mirror Marie Prudhomme of
Clrcy tossed her head back, to wave
aside her locks, with such force that she
broke her neck. The ' spinal cord was
severed and she died almost immediately.
Within the last ten years there has been
a great decrease in the number of di
vorces in Prussia. '; "7'"-
Regard Knapp as Sane.
HAMILTON. Ohio, July *11.— Testimony
in rebuttal was resumed" in the Knapp
case to-day, with only a few more wit
nesses to examine. A. W. Clark. William
Schwarm and Charles Goddard testified
that they regarded Knapp as sane.
Irish Immigration on Increase.
NEW YORK. July 11.— Figures on Irish
Immigration for the fiscal year ended
June 30 have been compiled by the Ellis
Island officials and show that about 5000
more per/ons arrived from the Emerald
Isle during 1902-03 than during 1901-02. Th»
total for the former period was 24,356.
FIGHT FOLLOWS
A HORSE TRADE
TOPEKA. Kans.. July 11.— John R. Mul
vane and Joab Mulvane, Topeka bankers,
and C. P. Dewey of Manhattan, to-day
signed the bonds of Chauncey Dewey,
Clyde Wilson and W. T. McBride. the
men accused of the murder of the Berry
brothers at St. Francis. Each of the
signers qualified as being worth $100,000.
The bon* has been sent to Sheriff ilcCul
lough of Cheyenne County for his ap
proval.
Dewey Obtains Bondsmen.
JOHNSTOWN", Pa., July 11.— D. T. Wat
son of Pittsburg, who has been in Ebens
burg the last two months preparing his
brief in the case of the Alaska boundary
dispute, has concluded his labors and will
sail in a few days for London, where the
commission will sit to arbitrate the differ
ences. The brief makes more than TOO
typewritten pages and Includes several
maps.
Completes Alaskan Argument.
¦ TACOMA. J-Jiy 11.— Estimates made by
three of the principal exporters of Ta
ccma place the wheat crop of the State
of Washington this year at 20.000.000 bush^r
da. and one of them thinks it mar po
to &JDO9J0QO bushels, or about the same
as last year. They base their estimates
on the increased acreage, coupled with
reports from various sections of the
.-wheat belt. I
Washington's Big Wheat Crop.
TACOMA. July ll.-The Puget Sound
Power Company, formerly the Pierce
County Improvement Company, which is
now engaged in the construction of a
mammoth power plant at Election, in
this county, has bonded its properties to
the Old Colonv Trust Company of Bos
ton for $4,000,000. The bonds run thirty
years and brar 5 per cent interest. The
mortgage has been filed for record in
this county.
Four Millions in the Bonds.
The building will have a frontage of
335 feet, will be 56 feet wide and three
stories high. Its location will be on
Adams street on a lot containing five and
three-quarter acres. In all there will be
120 rooms. The building will be of stone
and plastered wood and will be made
similar in appearance to the old mis
sions which have added so much to the
historic interest and charm of California.
An arrangement has been entered into by
which George Schanewald, formerly man
ager of Hotel del Monte, wilt take the
management of the hew hotel.
ST. HELENA, July 11.— This thriv
ing town of Napa County is to
have a new hotel, in the construc
tion of which $100,000 will be ex
pended. For some time the need
of a large hostelry has engaged the at
tention of capitalists and now their pro
ject is to be realized. The St. Helena
Improvement Company, of which J. S.-
Noble is president and B. F. Kettlewell
secretary, has accepted plans for a struc
ture of the old Spanish style of archi
tecture which, will be surmounted by an
observation tower ninety-six feet high'
ov*rlooklng Mount St. Helena and the'
beautiful Napa Valley. .
HANDSOME STRUCTURE
PLANNED FOR THRIVING
NAPA COUNTY TOWN.
Mr. Bell has obtained from the Consul
General at Berlin the full text of the
German pure wine laws and has also ob
tained the French laws. Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson has written to him
indorsing his plan and promising the co
operation oX his department. Mr. Wilson
states that he will also endeavor to have
a law passed to prevent the importation
of Impure wines from other countries.
The meeting will be one of the most
important ever held in the State in the
Interests of the wine lndustrv.
i Special Dispatch to The Call.
XAPA, July 11.— Congressman Bell is
making arrangements for a meeting of
viticulturists and wine makers to be held
in St. Helena August 15. All of the grape
growers and wine makers in the State
will be invited either by special or gen
eral Invitation, and as many members of
the California Congressional delegation
as can conveniently attend will be asked
to do so. The purpose of the meeting will
be to discuss and agree, if possible, upon
some course of action toward the passage
of legislation to prevent the sale of adul
terated wines in competition with the
pure juice of the grape.
Millions of gallons of spurious wines
are manufactured in this country every
year. It is made in California, and in
other States of the Union, and its contin
ued and unrestricted manufacture and
sale is going to result In the ultimate
freezing out of the small pure wine man
ufacturers for the reason that they have
not sufficient capital to fight the rich cor
porations that are selling the adulterated
wines in competition with them.
Attempts have been made from time to
time to pass a pure iwine law, but the
opposition has been so strong that all
atttmpts to gain relief by the means of
a State law have failed. The manufac
turers of adulterated wines say that a
State law, while it m|:jht prevent the
manufacture of adulterated wines in Cal
ifornia, would not prevent the shipping in
of such- wines from other States, and that
therefore the public would be no better
protected than at present.
On the other hand, an amendment to
the interstate commerce law which will
prevent the shipment of adulterated wines
from one State to another will protect
the makers of pur»» wines more effectively.
It is said that those who are now en
gaged in the manufacture of adulterated
wines in California will favor such a
measure.
Prohibitionists Point to Law. i
nAKEKSFlKLP, J;ily 11.— Notices are
being post^ii around the city by the tem
perance vrorkera calling public attention
to the law prohibiting the sale of liquor
or tobacco to minors. This rrovides a
fine not exceeding S100 for supplying to
bacco to any person under 16 years of
age and a line of $30n or imprisonment
for not more- than ls~> days in the county
jail, or both, for selling or supplying
liquor to any person under IS years of
age.
Wilhelmina • a Consumptive.
THE HAGUE. July 11.— Physicians hav
ng had opportunity to observe Queen
SVilhelmina say the denial of the pub
ished stories regarding: her Majesty's
leallh are preposterous and absurd In the
'ace o: the fact that the Queen's very ap
pearance proclaims her a consumptive,
iesplte artifices of the toilet. If she does
lot pive up work and submit to a cure
n a hot climate the Queen is doomed to
in early death, say the doctors.
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
St. Helena in Napa County Is to Have a Hostelry
Which Will Cost One Hundred Thousand Dollars
and Overlook a Valley Panorama of Rare Beauty
FAMED MISSION ARCHITECTURE
WILL BEAUTIFY COUNTRY HOTEL
MAKERS OF WINE
WILL ASSEMBLE
Important Meeting Is
Soon to Be Held in
St. Helena.
23
Telling the truth: Schilling's
Best
tea baking-powder ipice*
coffee fl&Yoring extract! soda
contribute to comfort and save
Mooeybtck; at ymir {rocer*a. ' , .
DR. PIE3CE'S B.EMEDIES.
Sickness steals more savings than tae
burglar. Slowly, coin by coin, the
money that has been so hardly earned
is paid out for drugs and doctors.
Sickness is the worst enemy of the work-
ing man, and the common cause of the
working man's sickness is disease of the
stomach often involving the heart, lungs,
liver, or kidneys.
The use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery will stop tlie stealing of
the savings by sickness. It cures dis-
eases of the stomach and other organs of
digestion and nutrition. It cures dis-
eases of heart, liver, lungs, kidneys, etc.,
when these diseases are caused by the
diseased condition of the stomach and
its allied organs.
" About ten years ago I began to have trouble
with my stomach," writes win. Connolly, <ff 535
Walnut Street, I«oraiu, Ohio, "It rot so bad I
had to lay off quite often two and tnree daj» in
a week, ray stomach would bloat, and I would
belch up gas, and was in awful distress at such
times. I have employed and been treated by
the best doctors in the city but got no help
whatever. By some way or other I happened to
get hold of a vial of your ' Pellets,* and I thought
they helped me. It was then I wrote to you Tor
advice. You told me that by my symptom* you
thought I had liver complaint, and advised the
use of your 'Golden Medical Discovery' and
'Pleasant Pellets' in connection. These medi-
cines I have taken as directed, and am very
happy to state that I commenced to get better
from the start and have not lost a dav this
summer on account of my stomach. I fetl tip-
top, and better than I have for ten years."
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." Nothing else i3 "just
as good."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
the bowels.
Facts about our
TO substantiate our claim that we sell reliable
clothing at the lowest prices of any store on the
» Coast, we merely mention the following facts:
We buy our materials direct from the mills. The
cloth i? purchased in immense quantities for our work-
shops that manufacture clothing for our retail stores
in New York and San Francisco and for the trade
throughout the United States.
We sell in our retail stores direct to the wearer,
thus saving customers the middleman's profit.
This immense i volume of business reduces the
manufacturing cost. You buy at but one fair profit
over this cost.
These two advantages enable us to sell at fully
twenty-five per cent less than dealers who buy from
jobbers or manufacturers.
Furthermore we can guarantee our goods as we
make them ourselves.
We repair, sponge and press free of charge all
clothing purchased from us.
Dissatisfied customers can always have their
money back.
Alterations and exchanges are cheerfully made.
Our stock contains a complete line of every style of
garments worn by man or boy.
We offer these advantages and solicit the patronage
of the man or mother who wants to save when buying
clothes. *£&,
If you live out of San Francisco write for our new
64 Page illustrated catalogue,
\
740 Market . Street
1 _ AX> VEHTISEHEliTa.
...Genuine...
Commencing To-Morrow,
; .JIONDAY, JULY MIL
Suits, Coats, Waists,
Etc.
IMMENSE REDUCTIONS
Same as at our Annual sale.
We will occupy our entire building
—four floors— early in September,
when alterations are Completed.
(Inc.,)
112=114=116 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fcg *4fci^M|C&M^< **^w^^iyi'.iVji'k''^t-t^^yir^H'in^ »£r&l;>ui^*Hi 11 in c *
For forty years we have been regarded in San Fran- W
cisco as the most exclusive house in the carpet and furni-
tijre business. We nave maintained a high standard and
our prices have been warranted by the grade of goods we
have sold. We have not catered to the custom that seeks
for display without sterling value; we have, made no
effort to secure the trade of those who can gloss cheap-
: We have deserved and held a conservative trade
among the people who appreciate real value, who know
; the difference between the true in art and the imitation,
! who understand exclusive designs and workmanship and \
¦ desire to possess them for their homes.
But San Francisco is now a great city where it was a
town when we began business. There are 435,000 people
! now where there were but 50,000 forty years ago. With j
i this growth in size has come a corresponding growth in j
I culture and art knowledge, and a great body of people
has sprung up who appreciate the best and know it when |
1 i they see it. . v ;
: To these people we intend to afford the opportunity
! of possessing what they desire—^the highest grade of
I furniture, carpets, draperies and wall pa"per — at prices
they can afford to pay. To do this we will begin a sale
of our large stock on the fifteenth of this month and will
inaugurate a new scale of prices. % •*
j On those goods that we wish to dispose of before the
arrival of our fall stock we are marking prices one-fourth
to one-half off bur former prices. Everji one will have
the opportunity to add to their household goods some
piece of exclusive design in furniture, carpets or draperies.
jjf JOS. FREDERICKS & CO. M
_ — -
> c ; iV ADVERTISEMENTS.
P K A WOMAN'S BEST FRIEND.
So Say Thousands of Thankful Women All i^******^^^*
Over the United States. jd!^^^ Ae5^^"
ife Miss KaJtherine Dauter*. TRuth IL=3SW1 <jjP^3*!t
* -~^w . Emerson. U ]$* \ *
Thousands of Women Owe { ~ ' — ~— ~~
Their Health and Useful- t A Beautiful Society Lady of Buff alo, N. Y., Uses Peruna. t
neSS tO Peruna ? Miss Ruth Emerson, 72 Sycamore street, Buffalo, N. T., writes: t
]| .---'" 7 suffered for two years with irregular and painful menstrua- £
Our Testimonials Are Genuine !! * l0n > ar "t Peruna cured me within six neeks. I cannot tell you "
and in the Exact Words Of \\ how grateful / feel. Any agency which brings health and strength «
the Writer. ( to the afflicted is always a welcome friend, and to-day the market n
Miss Katherine Dauter, 239 isth st.. Mil- u /$ $o filled with useless and injurious medicines that it is a pleasure ?
waukee, Wis., writes: «, * ... „ »
"I am glad to recommend Peruna \\ to know of so rehable * remedy ™ y °" P ' aC0 6ef ° re "" pubU °' ~ $
as it has' done so much forme. I \\ Miss Ruth Emerson. ?
j had been a great sufferer from ca- •••••• ••••• »«»»••• ?
I tarrhal CO/ds until I was urged to » My brother was cured of Brighfs dis- Peruna has been put to teat in all forms
irv Parana and I am haaov to sav it ease from the use of Peruna, and so I de- and stages of acute and chronic catarrh
try raruna, unu uiu nupyj iu auj termined to try it for my trouble. no one year has put this remedy to great-
! nas entirely Cured me. I Shall never "Imagine my great joy when I found er test than the past year.
1 Aa wiihnut H nnd mnsf chamrfullv that u relieved me quite a bit the first Peruna Is the acknowledged catarrh
06 WltltOUt It ana mOST CneerWIiy month and j was entIrely without pain remedy of the age. Dr. Hartman. the
recommend it to Others who are af- during that period after having used Pe- compounder of Peruna. has written a
.• , , ¦ 1 1 1 §» runa only four months. - book on the phases of catarrh peculiar to
f/ICted as I nave oeen. "This is about two years ago and all women, entitled, "Health and Beauty." It
Mrs. Jennie Rose, 362 West Twenty-sec- during that time I have buffered no pain, will be sent free to any address by The
ond st.. New York City, writes: I can now come and go as I like and-con- Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, Ohio.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O. sider Peruna woman's best friend and If you do not derive prompt and satis-
—Gentlemen: "Peruna is a blessing to wish that every suffering woman might factory results from the use of Peruna.
suffering women. I suffered with female know that she can find relief through write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
trouble since V began menstruation, and the use of^this medicine." — Mrs. Jennie full statement of your case, and he will
every month X suffered two and three Rose. » be pleased to give you his valuable advice
days of untold agony, and had to arrange It is no longer a question as to whether gratis.
my work and duties so as to be in bed Peruna can be relied on to cure all such Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
every month for two days at least. cases. During the many years in which Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.TILLAMOOK, Or.', July 11.— Captain
George. Hunt, keeper of the Cape Meares
lighthouse and one of the oldest members
in the lighthouse service, died last' night
of pneumonia."
Old Lighthouse-Keeper Dead.
SALT LAKE, July 11.— Convict . E. W.
Hamilton, under sentence of three years'
imprisonment for murderous assault on
a policeman In this city,, was found dead
in his cell at the State penitentiary this
morning.' He had hanged himself, during
the night with a strap from his bunk.
Hamilton, was 'severely -injured during. a
fight about three months ago with , an
other; convict, ; whom he nearly killed with
ah' iron .'bar.-.' Hamilton is said to belong
to a prominent family of Sioux City. Iowa.
Utah Convict Hangs Himself.
R. M. Campbell, banker and orie'of the
richest men in ShSflghal, committed sui
cide with a revolver June»22.
The Shanghai Mercury prints an Inter
view with a foreigner frpm Shantung tell
ing of German domination of that pro
vince. The Germans have 10,000,000 tons
of coal in sight there, railway lines are
being pushed . forward > north and south
and the existing railway traffic is vastly
increasing. An effort of Germany . to ef
fect a Chinese agreement failed.-
June 15 four United States warships left
Taku for Chefu. Eleven United States
v.Tirships were engaged in the maneuvers
there the same. day.
The Hongkong and Shanghai Bank and
Jardlne, Matheson & Co. have invested
more than $15,000,000 toward the construc
tion of the Shanghai-Nanking Railroad.
China will pay interest at 5 per cent, and
the same commission for buying railway
material.
TOKIO, June 22, via Victoria, B. C,
July 11.— Firm protests to China from
America and Japan resulted in the aban
donment of China's intention to remove
the scene of the treaty negotiations from
Shanghai to Peking. Negotiations were
resumed June 19. The significance of the
proposal of China to change the scene of
negotiations Mas obscure, but the Peking
correspondent of the Ashial Indicates
that Russian influence was behind the
proposal. It was held that the Russians
sought to have the Commissioners sit at
Peking to allow of opportunity to influ
ence them/ ' This view is generally ac
cepted in Japan. The Japanese approve
the general tenor of the proposed new
American treaty, the reservation of the
point of the open ports In Manchuria be
ing regarded with much satisfaction.
Japan's negotiations are delayed by diffi
culties in regard to the question of likin
impost?.
A report from Osaka states that the
difficulties between the Japanese and
American capitalists Interested in the
Osaka Gas Company have been settled
by the representatives of the United
States capitalists, who arrived from New
York.
The court held that, notwithstanding
the ruling of Judge Kirkpatrick that Re
ceiver Smith had plenary powers under
the New ' Jersey statute covering insol
vency, the national bankruptcy law abro
gated all State insolvency proceedings,
and therefore Judge Kirkpatrick was
without the Jurisdiction to appoint a re
ceiver for the United States Shipbuilding
Company. Judge Putnam aded that the
practice of appointing receivers had been
so much abused that he was not at all
sure that he would allow it any way. He
said, that he certainly would not appoint
a receiver .unless some- provision was
made for the payment of all the receiver's
obligations, as well as his compensation.
Counsel for the Sheldoa . reorganization
committee has always held that the ap
pointment of a receiver -was unwar
ranted; thatMn any event his powers did
not extend to the subsidiary plants.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Those interested
in the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, which opposed the appointment of
a receiver, won a temporary victory to
day when word was received that the" ef
fort to extend the scope of the receiver
ship of former Senator Smith to the sub
sidiary shipyard plants was checked at
Portland, Me. Through Samuel Urite'r
meyer and Henry Wollman of this city,
of counsel for Receiver Smith, an effort
was made through ancillary proceedings
before Judge Putnam in the- United
States Circuit Court at Portland to ex
tend Smith's powers so as to cover the
Bath, Me., .shipyard and the Bath Iron
Works. ;
The State of New Hampshire gets more
than $5,000,000 each season from summer
boarders. ;•¦".-*
AKRON,' Ohio, July 11.— The annual
convention of the Young People's Christian
Union to-day elected the following offi
cers: President, Louis A. Ames, New York
(jlty; secretary, Harry Adams Hersey.
Boston; treasurer, George P. Surs, Chi
cago. [
Christian Union Elects Officers.
Plan to Change Scene of
Treaty Negotiations
Abandoned.
Federal Court Ques
/ tions Kirkpatrick's
Jurisdiction.
LIMITS POWER
OF RECEIVER
PROTESTS HOLD
CHINA IN LINE
COUPLE AGREE
AS TO PROPERTY
Portion of the Hankel
Domestic Trouble
Adjusted.
Since that time attorneys represent
ing both parties have been negotiating
with a view of settling property rights
without a further intervention of .the
courts.
Judge Hart of Sacramento was called
in to-day and an agreement was reached,
which, however, concerns only property
rights and in no way affects the . di
vorce suit, which* will be pushed as
soon as Judge Gaddis returns from his
vacation.
In accordance with the stipulation of
both parties' the order appointing a re
ceiver was vacated and Hankel at once
resumed management of the hotel. He
is to pay his wife a monthly allowance
while the divorce Buit is pending.
Judge Hart issued an injunction re
straining Hankel from selling, mort
gaging or removing the property from
the Jurisdiction of the court. Mrs Han
kel has left the hotel and will visit with
relatives and friends until the. divorce
case is called for hearing. The defense
has filed a demurrer to the complaint.
J. M. Barrie, the popular author, Is
clever with the pencil as well as with the
pen. He is a good draughtsman.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. July 11. — The Hankel
divorce and injunction suit was in a
measure simplified to-day. When Mrs.
Georgia Har.kel surprised Woodland by
filing a complaint in a divorce suit
Hgainst C. Hankel she complicated mat
ters by procuring an order of court dis
pogsrssing him of the Byrns Hotel and
appointing a receiver.
WASHINGTON, July 11. — The follow
ing postmasters have been .commis
sioned in California: William H. Burt.
Glencoe; Frederick Boritt. Forest
Ranch. Fourth class postmasters
appointed — California: E. J. Blossom.
Blossom. Tehama County, vice Robert
H. Blossom, dead. Oregon: Walter W.
Kent. Drain, Douglas County, vice John
A. Black, resigned; Edwin Hartzog.
New Pine Creek, Lake County, vice E.
W. Follett. removed. Washington: Alva
L'eonard McDonald, Balrd, Douglas
County, vice James Baird. resigned;
Harry C. Bilger, Cleelum. Kit titan
County. vice Frank Selden, dead;
Thomas F. Harris, Gig Harbor, Pierce
County, vice G. A. Magoon. resigned.
Gross reports of San Francisco Post
office for June, 1903, $113,214; increased
$13,027 over those of June. 1902.
Navy order — Paymaster G. Brown Jr.
detached from Independence to Navy
Department, Washington, D. C.
Army, order — Second Lieutenant Ste
phen M. Barlow to temporary duty at
San Francisco, and to join Twenty-sixth
Infantry on its arrival there.
Arrivals — Raleigh: Mrs. II. a.
Brown and two children. W. E. Pullman.
San Francisco. Riggj> — V. A. Ermerins,
H. B. Hall, San Francisco.
OF , INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Changes and Army and
Navy Orders Now in
Effect.
HARES SET A FAST PACE
FOR PURSUING- HOUNDS
Run-Down of Open Stake at Ingle
side Results in Many
Long Courses.
In the memory of the "oldest inhabi
tant" a stronger lot of hares was never
turned loose than the ones used at Ingle
slde Park yesterday. Hardly a cours*
was run that the relief dogs were not in
evidence, either helping to end a cours*
or in reserve near the two-minute mark.
With all the hard running there were
but two upseta of any importance. Go
On, after doing the time limit, took the
flag from May Flush, who sold a strong
favorite at 7 to 2. The following: course,
too. was a surprise to the wise bettors.
Africander was a 5 to 2 choice over Mollia
Me. but failed to land.
The jacks that are in reserve for to
day's coursing are even a. stronger bunch
than the ones that were liberated yester
day and the form players are figuring for
favorites the hounds that are trained for
stamina. /
Among the dogs remaining In the stak*
are some that are known to be possessed
of this qualification and some long, hard
working courses are looked for.
Certain it is that the course that win»
the final flag will have to go a long dis
tance.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Tom Tiernan's official scores:
Sale of an Oregon Mine.
BAKER CITY, Ore.. July 11.— The
Burnt River Gold Mining Company to-day
sold the Gold Hill mine to C. H. McN'leh
olas of Portland for J300.000. J. P. Hanna
was president of the Burnt River Com
pany and Colonel J. A. Panting manager.
The Gold Hill is twenty miles from this
city.
~POnT~TOWXSENI>. July 11.— Fears exlstinr
for th«* safety of Captain Oertel of the Geryij
man ship Edith, whtch was wrecked March 1*»
last northwest of New Caledonia, were set at
r?st this afternoon by the receipt of * c**«f;
(tram announcing his safe arrival at Norton
Island.
The latest of . his exploits to be made
public shows that Woods frequently at
tempted to mulct fire insurance compa
nies, and that a rigid Inquiry into .Ires
tended to make insurance companies look
upon him with suspicion. After one fire
lit was found that some of the property
he included In his list as having been
burned had previously figured in a claim
which his wife had brought against a
railroad company, saying It was In a
trunk which had gone astray.
• Colonel Best's sons have proof that
Woods was preparing to obtain money
from their father. When the young men
went into Woods' room in the Atlantic
City Hotel on the night when many of
Colonel Best's belongings were found in
Woods' trunk the woman threatened that
if they pushed the matter any further
she would produce letters which would
blacken Best's character. In her excite
ment she said Colonel Best had made love
to her and had* proposed that she get
a divorce from her husband, and then
they could be married. She produced a
package, of letters, some of which were
typewritten and had a signature which
the sons declare was a forgery of* their
father's. She asserted that the letters
were written by the colonel, and became
angered when his sons said they did not
believe her and that the signatures were
forgeries.
From various quarters stories of Woods'
questionable dealings continue to pour in.
He is accuaed of nearly every offense In
the criminal; category. ..;'-w
NEW YORK, July 11.— With the police
of several cities searching for "Dr." John
D. Woods and wife, more proof of the
remarkable manner in which the couple
have acted in the last dozen years comes
to lieht daily.
Ever since Woods was deposed from the
pastorate of the Methodist Episcopal
Church in Port Allegheny, Pa., after a
court of clergymen had found he had
two wives, he seems to have relied on
his wits for a. livelihood. There is evi
dence to show he was seconded ably by
his wife in all his schemes. Indeed there
are those who have met both who say
that,- although she Is not as well edu
cated as her husband, hers is the master
mind. " Vrt
CAREER OF WOODS.
Many Insurance Companies Sus
pected Him of Starting Fires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. July 11.— Each day
brings forth new evidence, against "Dr."
John Donald Woods and Alice Cloy
Wood. The authorities are piling up
proof of guilt and when apprehended the
couple will have to defend themselves
against a long line of circumstantial evi
dence. Up to a late hour to-night nothing
has been heard from the authorities -in
the East as to the : Woods' whereabouts.
Sheriff Taylor has been brought into the
case and is diligently looking upjletails.
He. will, 'It is believed, go East In a very
few days. If, in the meantime, Woods is
located, Detective-de Pue will accompany
him, otherwise he will make a hunt him
self for him. He is well acquainted with
the man wanted.
Just before the HIckmott expose of the
"doctor," Sheriff Taylor was working on
a case in which he had reason to belfeve
Woods was implicated. During this in
vestigation he had a chance to study the
man and learned much about him. He is
in possession of certain data which He
will not disclose, but which, it is asserted,
will tend very mat6rially toward appre
hending the couple.
EMBALMER ON GRILL.
Deputy Coroner William Ward was on
the grill this afternoon. District Attorney
Boyd had him in his private office for
several hours and during that time close
ly interrogated him. Ward made a state
ment fully setting forth the details of the
embalming of Colonel Best's body. He
stated that he did cut the body open and
remove all the organs. He further said
he put some of them back, just what ones
he does not remember.
Boyd informed the Deputy Coroner that
he was liable on a felony charge; that un
der section 290 of the Penal Code no body
could be mutilated, and that from evi
dence obtained Colonel Best's remains
were most certainly mutilated. In an in
terview Coroner Sawyer said:
"I see that the Eastern papers claim
my process of embalming Is unknown. ,1
also notice they attempt to roast me for
using something that is not known to the
profession. If they never use it in the
East it is also strange, but I am informed
the best undertakers all over the country
use the same stuff.
"I have only been In the business about
six months and this case was about the
first good case I had. up to that time. In
fact, it was the Urst shipping case. Nat
urally, I wanted to make a good, job of it.
I told Ward to make the very best job he
could. Of course there are secrets in all
lines of business that the public do not
know of. ¦.'•'•
CORONER'S STATEMENT.
"We opened the body and then tapped
an artery. Ward found that the artery
tore whenever he attempted to pump fluid
into the body: He tried it several times,
but the artery tore each time. Finally. he
told me it was no use. that way and that
he had better remove the organs and
work direct. I told him to go ahead and
do the best job ne could. He did. I do
not know just what organs he removed,
but he removed no more than was necess
sary."
"Do you think the fact that those ar
teries were tearing so often was any in
dication of poison being in the stomach
or blood?" was asked.
"Well, of course, I do not know. It '
might have indicated it, but Ward did not
tell me it did. I have had other cases
since which acted the same way. I will
say this, however. Just as soon as we
opened the body we telephoned to Dr.
Jones, who signed the death certificate,
and asked him if he wished to see the
body open. He said it was not necessary,
so we went ahead and finished our work."
"Did Dr. Woods give you any instruc
tions as to how to prepare the body for
shipment?"
"Absolutely none, except that he want
ed a good job— that the case deserved it."
County Official Explains How the
Body of Colonel Best Was Em
balmed Before Its Ship
ment to the East.
District Attorney Closely
Questions the Deputy
Coroner.
More Evidence Against
Woods Accumulated
in Marin.
AUTHORITIES
NOW AWAIT
THE ACCUSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
24
' , ADVEBTISEMEinS. '
San Francisco. Sunday. 12 July. 1003.
Summer — furniture buying
time — Oak chiffonier, $9.
If you watch us closely during the summer months
you will find that a good many furniture needs are to
be had at material savings.
Above is pictured an oak chiffonier in golden finish,
at $9.00. Some chiffoniers in imitation of oak sell for as
much. Measures 58 inches high by 33 inches wide and
contains five drawers. It will cost you nothing to see
it — courteous treatment positively assured whether or
not you purchase.
Our special "Pacific Cable Edge" woven wire mat-
tress at $2.65 is by no means an ordinary offer. Its im-
portance now commands an entire window display. We
want to thoroughly acquaint you with the improved
features and superior construction of this mattress and
for this purpose have made the special price until August
1st The regular price is S4.00.
. A good tapestry carpet for 85 cents — sewed, lined
and laid. Xot cheap, surface piinted goods — all colors
thoroughly dyed in the wool before the carpet was
woven. New floral and Persian patterns — part of an
order placed with the mills before the last raise in manu-
facturers' prices.
i (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • ff : -; • . ' . .
/ "'
I Sale O? Percale country on hers receive tro-mpt attextiox. . Croat Reductions % |j
Regular 12U C Qualitj -rercale of fj Q £* - jf*K - Hlgh-ClaSS LinCH SllltS '
material much usfM for «rapers. Regularly iSy J / |gyOr^^ v . can , now purchase one of_ these, nana-
Cotton Flannel Wy^w^^a^^^^B^^^MM<^^mt9mfm!y^^A $is?oo ou i,Sicn d snits! )r n t ow.. a . r !™f. e . r .|8.95
Regular 12' ,c quality. Th.-re are only f\ p jV Mm^B^fpm rnr S7^^ W^ vjis^sirw ?17.5O Linen Suits, now *}*!*- > !l
2.VK. yards of this fine heavy .luality V V/ GflftW^ "—^TOfV *M L L jVj I . i.ii ¦ ¦_ , ,_.,j ui\. fM^f^ $20.00 Llnan Suits, now SJ . «"
I'otton Flannel, bleached nr unbleached. <J v d t **^lr-f»xa pT^K* -TWT^fr iff ¦gAUiaiH**'" ¦ ¦ • $22.50 Linen Suits, now ....... f }z*.\
It *r»y r^culnWy for 12>,o vard; Mon- - * jjJ *¦"" TilTli 1 ! l4i i** ff r"^ * "** $.12.f><> Linen Putts, now 2.V?^!!
<la> 'e reduced price, 8c yard. . Wr "* -. ¦" $40.00 Linen Suits, now '..'.. .9*1.00
Great July Clearance Sale Attracts Attention of Prudent Purchasers;; -
THREE SENSATIONAL SUIT SELLING DAYS.
FOR the next three days, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, our Suit and Cloak Department yvill be replete with marvelous
offerings. The values offered justify us in expecting the most sensational selling of the entire year. You have received many
wonderful values in this department during the season, and now we promise that all of our previous efforts are to be far sur-
passed. We have selected from our large stock four of the season's best selling styles, and we have priced them so low that the .
values are nothing short of phenomenal. As we told you before, we are determined to adhere to our policy of clearing out every garment
in the summer stock before the arrival of fall goods — and right now we are totally oblivious to the losses that we will sustain on the
stock that remains. Every one of these suits was made by New York's leading manufacturer. The styles are the latest, including the
popular blouse and the Ipte long coat effects. T he fabrics are Etamines, Venetians and Fancy Mixed Materials. Such values as we will
offer for the next three days are certain to result in the swiftest selling, and therefore you should come early if youVish to secure some
of the most phenomenal suit bargains ever presented. _• " I
l\ ftE6\r£LUEt&*^- !l«§kr fl \vL \f"r* •rro»K %!»^3 nF/cUAincJ&fao 11 Wtiffl la /In*
r| Cheriots. Venetians J± J|& J&&>^ \tj& - &*ALUk~&5 JL^^ 11 flj?
M and nicely brimmed; 'lat- •• $ *^j? >Wtf^w/\ /^V^ATN '^^A y^^V^Utl^ Mixtures — The styles || Igj J^^a^^T
\\ Etamine. j^ Fancy •«|| *^SU (^\ fl I 'Mfij yZ3A '^Mssfi' ~^ B 1S8^&&
\m larBe %a i'f!- > / -. r ' r> ? t !r- ar » C °^ r .!r» S A— — / / \ xT 8 "*! / / I, I \ //•' / /¦ 3 \ * I' value at the clearance price. Were $45.00. P9
jj $15 Corset Coats, $|0.9d . I \ v/VT^r^Nr // # / I V I \ $12.50 Etamine Dress Skirts, «7.95 1
H BOk lined throughout, and made with strapped / / /yf III \\ // // ll 9 vfe \\ \ Handsomely made: elaborately trimmed* with §§
fj yramfc. II (^^f til \\ / /¦' /It r (a- 11 1 \ fourteen taffeta bands. Ml
S20 Ponftee Coats, $J1.45 / fl \S J I I \ \J // / / // I V A\ \ $15 Taffeta Silk Skirts, Cft 95 I
ll Very ptyliyhly trimmed: ribbon Holes; lntest / // \i N >. 1 II \ \ /J / fl! I* if I -W Vi . »p*~**'** m
M sleeves. \ l- 1 Vv . \\r I i x.JF^' /// // 'a 1 i\ \\ This Is one of the very best offers of the season. ¦
|! $5.00 Vool talking Skirts, $2.85 X J / *Ls\' Ml L \\i V* $25 Silk Dress Skirts, $||.45 U
(1 AJI-otmI material*: lirht and dark pray. tan. - "" >r *""* i£ \ m^^CP. -gi y\Aft ¦* P«»u dtt Sole and. Taffeta; handsomely H
1 5 black »n«J blue, and some in snowfl.iks effects made and trimmed. Em
|s Wash Suits, Skirts and Waists — Further Reductions I
j-j \Y/^" arc ra P'^>' depleting our large stock of Wash Suits. Skirts and Waists, for though it's clearing time with us in this class of goods, R !
M ! weat her conditions are such that the demand for light garments is now stronger than at any time during the season. To effect still £3
H| j quicker selling we have made deeper cuts in the prices of all garments in the Wash Suit Department. |3
I j $7.50 Wash Suits Reduced to §3.95 $8.50 Wash Suits Reduced to $4.65 1
rl They arc made of Chambray. Madras and Lawn, in the best colorings and The materials are Cheviots. Chambrays — in white and colors; they are M
Fj stylos; all are nicely trimmed and have been selling at $7.50. The clear- made in the season's swellest styles and are worth J8.50 — a big clearance H
H ance price. 53.95. bargain at $4.65. ... • KS
pjj $2.00 Linen Crash Skirts. $|.35 1 $2.00 White Pique Skirts. $|.35 Si 50 Duck and Covert Skirts, 85 C | $2.50 Duck Skirts. $| # g5 1
P Very stylishly cut and trimmed Madp in neat styles and cut extra The duck skirts are Blue or Black; I Blue or Black with white polka dot ¦ W
M with strapping. ful!. the Coverts in Tans and Oxford. | effects; trimmod with white piping. E3
I $3.00 White Lawn Waists. $1.95 $2.50 White Wash Waists, $|.45 1
n Very dainty waists, made <>f tine sheer White Lawn and trimmed with the A large variety in several of the season's prettiest styles nre included In m
6? finest embroideries: daintily tucked backs, .sleeves, collars and cuffs; this lot; they are trimmed with embroidery and nicely tucked; reduced H
H duehesse fronts: regular $3.00 values, reduced to $1.95. for clearance from $2.50 to $1.45. • * H
1 Monday's Lace Bargain I SENSATIOIMAL WASH GOODS SPECIAL 1 1 H O use=Furiiishin^ Savings 1 1
I An rpcrtuni «m you *ho U ,d not fail to All Our 60c, 75c and 85c Values for i „, v * " 1MI ™ U 6 / 3flMU S s §
f take advantage of— 1500 pieces of Here Js another of those offerings that will add fame to 4f\*\f\ ¦SilKOline Covered Comforters, 95c fig
b Allovers— drummers samples and our Wash Goods Department as a bargain giving cen- m M Of to Itcgular price *1.:«— snkoline covered Com- H
B remnants of I.ace AUOTera, Embroid- ter Everv vard of Silk and Linpn "Rnti^tP nnri forters; large size; extra heavy; filled with ,H
\l erei BUk & ereiCot- Grenadines' wi?l °be SSld outat tKensaUonally *" ** yd 1
l\ tea AUovers and Allover Tucklngr*. pr i ce of 29c yard The fabr i cs are ot the finest qualities imported . SliS »5c each special gl
b} Thry <x>me in lenst.-s of > v . **. 1*. 1 V 4 and and come in. colored satin stripes, hemstitched and raised corded ef- . ' '— Tr 1 _ , . , R
U ."'/^u.^tJ', 1 ' f H.if Prici f<>cti S Every piece of these materials is of a line, even threaded German Huck Towels, $1.50 doz. M
|jj last, ax «¦¦ man ja.au jtiigb. quality, and has beon selling regularly at 60r, 75c and 85c; the clear- R»KuJar price $2.0O-^-Extra grade, soft Snishcd U |
I 4000 yards 20c and 40c Laces Q n Yri niaTk^c^rd" 8 & Spl r dld savIns opportunity ' for they arfe . a11 t^^iMB^^^^SSSSui W' :
I Point de Paris Laee. in edgings, inser- Colored OrtfandV linen Crash Suitilitf 8? ;?2 00 quality reduced to .f.1^ dozen. M
g ts. :ns million* and paiioons; 1 to <! in. -h*>> ooiorcu ur>gciiiuy, Linen brdbn duiiius, German Linen Table Damask, 58c yd. M
I) wid^-. including 1800 yards Black SUk Regular COc quality— QrP Regular 25c quality . nl p Regular S.V- value-German I.lnen Tabl^ Da- M
I.* Laces, in modalljons and galloons; all Colored Organdy. .0 Qr) v Linen Crash in 1 /i^ mask; 70 inches wide: full bleached; assorted M
|» worth from to 40c a yard; one sale for inches wide; fine, yd '. ' X^ 2 vd patterns; soft finished; heavy quality; regu- fc"
{• enly Oc yard. even-thread fabric, in shades light or heavy » larly sr.c; special price 5Sc yard. M
'1 WiilxHiiioiiiiAK I nnnn ot n....!. D-J^n-, or Pink. Blue. Lavender. weights; natural ecru shade; |1
I Valenciennes Laces at Bargain Prices c °7- w T?t n - cardina v Biack a one fabric for outmg nnA PilTnwfncpc I
I Clearance price... 25c. 35c, 45c, 50c, 60c that" = B^lls^reVuli'rfy dressy and skirts; regularly 006615 3110 rlllOW t3SeS g
i| Regular value 3.V. 50c." COc. f»V, 7Sc f or cOc; reduced for clear- sells for 25c; the clearance GREATLY REDUCED. M
P QtDOllUC IU DCI TC 25c and 35c Hand- ance to 35c yard. a^ ]2 x 4c yard e have a number of r*a<3y-macle nheeta and H
¦ DATluAInd In DLLIO kerchiefs pillowcases in two sizep— »; and double — §1
h 50 Cents ™%i£~M^ Oxford Cheviots, Novelty White Goods, . . SM^Stin^ftM 1
r »n a «,>rtefl lot worth Handkerchi»-'«v°rth Regular 40c and 50c Q A C Regular 16 2-3c «nnd a r\p the best brand of Sheeting nicely hemmed M
1 A from fl to'jS 2fc^S5^SS?te values — Genuine 24^ 20c values-At this j[(}t and ready to use. W
h For clearance all are clearance "ale at 15o Imported Oxford vd low special price * yd BLEACHED SHEETS M
m marked Me each. and ISc. Cheviots; highly mercerized; you will find a fine lot of Double *ize 81x00 4Hc each- worth «5e M
H :* ».<.«*. , *>« *. „« white and colored grounds. Fancy Lawns— sheer white— « f i f rwi4f each' worth i»c K
H 50c and $1.50 Neckwear, 22C &. 48C w«th plain and fancy fig- in S atin striped, checked and " tix *' mi t nur 'Aoto H
U " ured effects; either the plain hemstitched effects, and a I'lLLUW L,Ab&fc>. &1
fe' Jt*» dozen Ladies' Neckwear, in assortr-i O r basket weave.- These large variety Of designs; Hemstitched .with 2-inch hems. Kg
li Fhapc* and nyWe; worth up to r.Oc: all at fabrics always sell at 40c regularly sold at 16 2-3c .and 4.1X.W. 2O«5 each; worth 25c. «
M 2Sc; al^ 50 dozt-n. worth as high as »1..A and 50c; our clearance spe- 20c. The special clearance r>0x.'!«. 22c each; worth 27K 3 c. M
H for 4sc each. ciar price only 24c yard. price. 10c yard. oix:U>. -4c each; worth JOc. Kg
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
>ff§p% WE TREAT AND CURE
r*/ffr8&S. fca CATARRH. Nose and Throat Troubles. Nervous Piseas-*. KMn»y
52j&5SSff> and Liver Diseases. Blad.ier Troubles. H^art Ptseas*. IMsea-t** of
syjgSgkjr -#*« thf> Stomaeh and Bowel-, pile, Fistula an ¦ P.ectil Disease-, Kema.-.
waVvT^ "<*§r\ Complaints. Chronic Diseases o'f Women an.l Children, Rickets. Spin.
l&AlfJ N*T -\ Bl TrcublPB. Skin Dlsea.'es, Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lun*
'ia, i TJt-l Troubles. Rheumatism. Hay Fever Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear Dt«-
*'«J **se«. Goitre or Biir Neck. Varlcocele Lost Manhood, etc.; Blood
JHf Diseases. Private Diseases. Scrofula, and all forma of Nervous and
K. irQ Chrcn!c Diseases (that are curable).
jMw^Tvj^T OUB MOTTO: A low fee.? (tD^&BH£33K
llCT^--Lj!. J I^ick cnre> mild tLXL& paiaieis /^ sSS&iSvfciN i
V^JS8^~\ Wr by letter frw to Ml?' 3^! or fe*
Dr. A J. Shorsi. yrrlte. / %• Jf?»*TV
HOME CURES BY MAIL gL Mf
Do not despair because you live at a distance from the city. Pr*. *&*? •^»K
Shores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes it easy to (ret
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom blank I£r J&Sv^jf
covers every symptom of disease which enables th-m to dlagnosa /rWJWW/^
your case and tell you what your trouble Is. what can be done fi.r j£j*T&S%& f/2
you. and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE if you cannot ¦J&^\?iB$iJp'J'jr
ca i! . f ?. r T^f!^,^t^ s y m P tom »st and take advax-.tage of the FREE nJJ^JJ^T i
EXAMINATION. Whether you take treatment or not. the ad-
vice costs you nothing. . Dr. Q. W Shorn '
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses We CUI 2 J.™ flr *,I and th * n «'* * REA-
or diseases caused by ljmorance. excess or SONABL.E FEE when you are cured. You
contagion TOU ARE THE VERT PERSOV can depend upon our word; thousand* of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. " " patients have Indorsed us. NOW WE
We have proven our skill in curing WANT TO CURE TOU with the distinct
CHRONIC diseaaeB by publishing the many understanding that we will not demand a
voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE u . ntl L w * C 2 r * y° u - Thla applies to
giving names, pictures and addresses. ">•* Mannood. Bemlnal Weakness. Sper-
We Can't Publish Our Cures In K^Vttr.rK &J£
'¦¦ Private Diseases. [ gSSS"^ JS^vg&SgSgZ
Because it would betray confluence. Hence men. ,
we have to prove our skill \n thia class of OFFICE HOURS: 0 a. m. to 4:30 p m.- %
troubles in another way. This is our plan. Evanlngs 6:30 to 9; Sundays 10 a. m. to IX \
Drs' Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 H *£gff J^Hu
U Made of hichly polished Oak with full serpentine front. Double top Dresser K
1 with French plate mirror. Beautifully carved bedstead . Looks to be worth B
t'j much more than price arked. " m
I WHY YOU SHOULD BUY HERE. : I
fl We own our building. We pay no rent. That means a big saving B
K to us. We give you the benefit of that saving. S
U We buy all our goods for ca?h. Thus buy cheaper and save dls- I
U counts. We give you the benefit of this saving. also. U
B Call and let us pro\-e our statements. Bj
I The J.Noonan fitrnifure Go. I
V^ fO!7-IO23 MISSION ST., ABOVE 6th. Near New Postoffice. JfThis is the second week of the great re
moval sale of Kelly & LJebes, 120 Kearny
street. The first week has proven to be
the greatest sale week in the history of
Ban Francisco. For this week new bar
gains are offered In fine suits and cloaks.
The low prices, of course, will sell them
quick. About 10^0 wrappers are also of
fered for sale; the regular price is $1.25,
J1.50 and $2.00, but will be cold at 50 and
75 cents. •
Cioak and Suit Sale for the Second
Week.
"Why not take a Httle advice from
Beattle, an official of which said: 'We
Seattle officials have no City Hall ror
luxurious apartments, but are contented
to build up one thing at a time. Right
now we can boast of better schoolhouses,
better utr^etR, a better hospital and a bet
ter sower system than you have In San
FranHsro. Show the taxpayers that you
are putting their money to good use, and
they will not hesitate to go down into
their pockets for more when It Is need
ed.* " .-;• '. "
"One of Seattle's leading citizens and a
high public official said to me: 'You peo
ple have a great park and a grand City
Hall— perhaps two of the greatest in the
world. But that's all. In everything else
we can discount you. San Francisco has
been asleep, and especially so with the
business men of your city, who seem to
be afraid to devote some of their time
to municipal affairs cr politics. Many
would consider it a sort of a disgrace to
be associated with San Francisco politics
—they may have cause; but let me say to
you San Franciscans that unless you do
ss we have done— remodel the weak parts
of your charter, do away with expensive
commissions and high-salaried political
positions and with a certain amount of
politics, and place in office men who have
business and professional ability Instead
of Ignorant political job hunters— you can
never make San Francisco the great city
it should be, and Seattle will continue to
give your city the laugh.'
"I must confess that Seattle is right in
some particulars. Many of our officials
are only visionary howlers, who wi'.I or
der plans and specifications which most
ff the time prove a wasteful expense— for
instance, purposing to move Chinatown,
to beautify and tunnel Telegraph Hill or
to build a park on Twin Peaks. We mean
well enough, but are attempting to do too
many things at once. We are now con-
Kidering owning and rebuilding the Geary
s.tr«-t railroad, also municipal water
v.-orks and an electric plant; building new
isohoo! houses, a new hospital, streets and
rw.erf- and a. hundred other things all
at onec. This calls for an army of em
ployes at an enormous expense to prepare
plans and gather data, and what have
been the results?
FEARFUL OF POLITICS.
"The best part of Seattle was once oc
cupied by this e'.ement. but they were all
moved to an out-of-the-way district,
•where they are herded together and are
thus easily kept under control by the
authorities. The district where a few
months ago was the center of the tender
loin is now beir.R built up with fine large
buildings and being occupied by large
business firms.
"There is another point upon which
these cities deserve credit, and one which
¦we have not as yet remedied, and that is
the moving of their tenderloin districts.
On my trip I was told more than once
that our tenderloin was in spots, and that
the largest spot was in the heart of our
most respectable business center, includ
ing some of our best theaters. I had to
learn this from outsiders, and we are
laughed at because we drive these poor
unfortunates, which one might call a
necessary evil, from pillar to post with
out providing a place for' them, like all
other cities do, knowing It is impossible
to drive them out of any large city like
San Francisco.
vinced taring my investigations of these
municipal departments that there were
very f*w figureheads drawing salaries,
which I am sorry to state is not the case
hrre in San Francisco.
arPa ff forty square miles which these
< Jncials must cover, whereas we have
onlv forty-one. I was thoroughly con-
'•These northern towns have shown
that they believe ln municipal ownership,
as most of them own their water works
and other public utilities. All these cities
claim that they make at least 49 per cent
profit on their water supply and furnish
the consumers at one-half the rates
charged in this city.
"Portland has had bad streets for some
time, but the new executive board, which
consists of fifteen of Portland's leading
business men, who serve without salary,
now has nearly a million dollars of street
contracts und<>r way. This city has no
Board of Public Works Commissioners.
The City Engineer, at a salary of $200
per month and with only few assistants,
attends to all the construction work, both
;mb!ir and private, including 227 new con
structions under way. Portland has an
OWN PUBLIC UTILITIES.
Former Commissioner of Public "Works
A. Van der Naillen Jr., who has just re
turned from a three weeks* trip In the
Northwest, pays that after having vls-
Jted the different municipal departments
in Seattle, Portland and Tacoma, and
e\-en smaller towns, he has learned that
we are behind the times ln San Fran
cisco ln the administration of some of
our municipal offices.
"In Seattle I noticed." Bald he, "that
the members cf the Board of Public
Works, which Is composed of three mem
bers among whom perfect harmony ex
ists, do all the work themselves. One
Commissioner Is Superintendent of
Streets. Sewers and Parks, besides hav
ing: foil chare* of the street sweeping
and also the street sweeping p\ant which
the city owns. This plant Is said to do
splendid work, and that at a savins: to
the city cf at least S3 per cent.
"Another Commissioner is the- City En
gineer, who personally attends to all the
city work. Including all constructions and
buildinps, public or private, and also an
immense water system owned by the city.
The third Commissioner has full charge
cf the light ar.d power departments.
"These eentlemen I found are very
competent, and consequently good work
er^ being out in their buggies from 8
a. m. until 6 p. m. They do more work
fcr their city at an expense of $220 per
month than what we get at a cost of
5321 per month.
"There are a few of o-ur municipal em
ployes who are not paid enough, and yet
high Falaries are raid to a number of
offlc'.als and figureheads who could eas
ily be eliminated, thus saving our city
at least $135,000 per year. Seattle has
no figureheads in the municipal depart
ments drawing large salaries. It has
pchoolhouses and streets which are far
above anything in San Francisco. Many
Mocks of the main street, upon which
travels the heavy freight traffic, were
paved eight years ago, and appear to
me to be good for eight more. Seattle
Is undergoing vast improvements, and it
seemed "to me that more construction Is
under way there than In our own city.
Finds Sound Cities Ahead of
San Francisco in Public
Affairs.
Former Commissioner
Van der Naillen Makes
Comparisons.
BRINGS LESSON
FROM THE NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
25
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. : : | THE EMPORIUM., } THE EMPOJtlUM. } THE EMPORIUM.
:| U**W*M*g*W*+hM* ihf* Special- Sale. Goods- Ordered by Mail or Telephone Will Not Be Sent C O. D. ~~\ /[ BrUSH GleBM-Un
t And Many 2 SO Styles || 11 EM || ' ¦ '¦' ' _^<i^ 25c and 35c Hair Brushes, 16c— Good brwtle M g-y^vuwhft
+jff a 5 c each: "* . 20/ and 25c Tooth Brushes, He— Assort- 'law^k*
f ° W !° acn " enne$ a " an ln «rt' on > 4 4«p bottles Witch Hazel, Wet Am- • of loap, 1 bottls of perfume. 1
more tbtn ao different styles; regu'ar.y 20c and 2 5c each, •€f%^ % ' »» " • k • t t sacher, for ISC
; commencing Monday and during this sale while quantity lasts 1*JG> EveTV JteiTl In thiS advertisement JS 3i "Special; marked frOm 2S tO JO per Cent J3^ 4 A^ n f r " Iea] , j^J 5<*fc"h Brush, .sparable handle
I 4l oo Swiss embroidered sheer lawn handkerchiefs, direct to us from St. than OUr regular PrUCS. The : Valuations We hkve QUOted ¦ ' OUF ¦ regular every cW a ;p:ice,;each'. \ U O i^<Sfj£2« >or n'cf ®S
: Ga«, switzerbni, , 7 styles of d.inty embroidered effect,, rertVct day prices"for these qualities — positively no 'exasgerations, so that you can readily fig- sg **-- j»^ Tooth Powder tw. ... . .410
; goods, worth 20c «i . 5 c each, for th= July clean- - fl ure Ou t the savings possible to be made now. All departments represented in this sale. §^0^ i^kZ*
; u ? • • • • • • ****" Space permits of the enumeration of but very few ot the bargains. | . . wo , gator boo
Silk Sale ft i % Womet d S waisfs Men's and Boys' Suits Wash Goods
I in addition tO many S^lK thelf tnd tca'rccly a'ny two aUke 6U Thcy arc mads o: £eg:s, vicunas and IMBUUM F. Um^aWM9niMMUg9 y wo Lj nes That Were
f lines already advertised. 4%$%C cheviots, in desi able shades of gray, . castor, red^ and brown; ever/ iu:t is —#¦#»!-•#,-• tin bLs****** Delayed in Shipment
¦ Th^ a l,nr, fl fm,r<t n rV n ( Tnmin,,,* '*¥2&t lined throughout; they were splendid valu-s at the original Qff 3*8 €stSt3n"Up friCGS
. The balance of our stock of Lumineux, y^JJ rri c e! , the biegest kind of sna ? i at th 5 ju'y ciean-u P price. . V ¦ •-, T 43^^ 30c Mercerized Madras, He— 5°o
Pilet de So:c, and evening Brocades, J<^ Suits that were as high as $28.75, now $9.95-Nct a We have ifcuxed' frcm « reliable maker of Men s fine Clothmg a P $W pieces high-class novelty fabrics in
• . . „,.„ »,,„,. n f fk,c. „,,,• fin, Vi u.-.^l lihiiine su ; ts in shades of b!ue cur. ccmplete line of Wor;tei, Cassimere and Twe;d Business Su.ts, I v S 9 •
;. less than . thousand yard, in all, «ric!iy all-wool, all j£? the kind that we retail regularly ,t V?f woven stripes, every pattern new
• silks ranging in width from IO to 2 2 f-J^LwM\ all are neatlv strapped with broadcloth bands of S3lid color; this is a chanc: Jia. 50 and $15.00. and have included them .^*Q £-g% and pretty, JUSt the same as Our
t • , • , , , W-jL'\i''Vg of a lifetime if we have vour s - z: nee: a f 28.50 su't for _ _ in the July Ciean-up offerings at taMB^^M& cvery-day 3OC quails, -tyy^
• inches, in such pretty colors as reds, £/./• re.1' •¦)./ ' ' • fe QQ.Q5 ¦ ¦ K?5s^^VM4«* it i • j 3 d&fi
\ z:, zz I,, h:z;:, „,, hm^^^s^s, 5 s^;^^^ MmM JV'TIZZl <>¦
rose and white, suitable lor evening ffl-\W'l " d tinC> ' rtak = su£ ' n S s . ln P°P uhr s °i d COOrS and miX " Qig &5 smooth finish, or the nobby up-to-date rough style*, nearly every M^M^Mi • Mei "" ri v Z , Cd , 23c T 4 f >
i. hVi 75 c >S ,oo.nd«,. 25^. Hi | aSSBSap3^^^^#®^ L • 911. BO
beginning Monday at the lTi«ri* Reduced for th- Ju'.y clean-up to &BfM*9-O Boys' Lon£ Pants Suits-For ages 14 to 19 jears, made PM%53j^1?5] July clean-up, yard. . . g%
\ ' July clean-up price .. . **•%*€* : l *4'jfSfV Good Cloth Jackets, $2.48 -Small let of short waikinj jackets, o f a :i. WC olCa«simer« and Cheviots, ia the .ingle-breasted style, &%*%*
> {|-{:]|!i\ . in tan or blue only, they are .he fall weight, lmcd thr.ughout, regularly ;" 7. 50, July Clean-up price .... A£* 5^^^^ _—^— — — — —
»* C'' '^"f'jl"!^^. spicia'Jy good values st $3.45, we wi«h to make /gg% S$£"*S"a *&*£& imm tSXl m
? #7f*^iC(e 'ffntTbttirSGZ 4 !;«' v- \A.^v a Oan-up of th= remainder of them at . . .&&m*T$3 .....
i M-PM Cr<Q»^ CTC#«*C#9 & \fv|\\\T\ Ladies' $5.00 and $6.95 Jackets,now $3.48 Boys' Russian Blouse Suits like picture— One of UJj ] -W * **" «#«y# «^«>
!' Added tO Julv Clean-UD J^Sfr &¦'' M^^S^^ —Made cf Kerseys and Chrviots, in an and castor shidts— the pnttiest of this srasons styles, of all-wool S:rge, in browns, OT j^ Jlify G/eSM-UB
,* - . .. . . they are all splendidly madt and lined, a mcit desirable garment reds, royal an! navy b'.uis, with large jalor collars, trimmid with 8? /§»A .
i 2 astonishing bargains 'pv v;^^^ for the early fcll, cl-an-u? price on thes:. .: --» 12 rows sUk foutach: bra : d, silk embroidered emb'.emj, knicker- f «^^k We hare over 500 pairs of Tapestry Porteres,
{ In addition to the many desirable lines XUi_/ «••'"*"*'** &&m*3'%& rocker trousers, sizes for boys 2^ to 7 y;ars, 4^^ j£3.£& % a I to 3 pair lots, the latest designs in Rep, Mer-
\ of dress goods already advertised and Red Cloth jackets — Fuk all-wool kerreys or cheviots, in various modern styles, all splendidly instead of $6.50 marked for the July C.ean-up cerized and plain effects, that have been selling
i dismayed in the July clean-up sale, l=ned and highly tailored^ . Q *ia Ol £22 SO $1.00 GoIS Shirts, 55c -A great pur- Men's Stripjd B^brl^n Underwtar-^ >r pa-r $4.00 to «io.oo, to dese out this hi
i we offer, beginning to-morrow: Were Jf"^** 5»V^rt« Snn'ff *O Off tf O Off 619 4ff ch:s: from one of the foremost thi.tma-tera Medium weight, 75c values, for the July too large an assortment of small lotj, we hate
\ :„ , n , , . , nOW $6.98 $b.U8 $&.&5 $&*J& *W«»O *I^.<*O in America, of Men's woven Madras and Cean-Up, per garment 43O mar ked them for the July deaa-up—
\ All-wool Black Cheviots—^ ood wear- $ 5 . 00> $6.00 and $7.50 Silk Waists, now $3.85-0nly 150 of thefc Co i ored p erca!e G olf Shirts, in an immese Min's 25c Half Hose-Hcrm d 31 f Black, J '
i ing dress fabrics ior skirts and com- choice filk waists now le:t, fine taffrtas and peauce soi: siks, in light and navy blue, tans, greers, assortment of summer patterns and eclorngs, Maco cotton feet, pair 17 O $4.00 Portieres 93.00
i plcte costumes, the best kind of a pnk, red and white, in a very large collection of styles, that wee extra good values _ pan or pleatrd bosoms, separate cuffs, in- M Gn *S SOo NeckWQat* — ?4-S° P° r^cJ ?2'€f
5OC value. 500 yards ,«- at the ori^nal price, and shouM al.be dosed cut Monday at the Juychan-u P prce CU ced b the Ju'.y Ce.n-up sale, »*£*£ «"> $^™El \ I \ .H'.lo
{ only at «?&C Alterations Extra. Boy" Unlaundered" Shirt, -doodTntn nearly 500 dozen -in pretty silks |fc 5 qPbrden. $4.83
\ 46-inch Mixt^-About 3 oo yards^ Tshie Uiwns^Towets, Gases, gpfpi SSSSi \ ; ; • ||:1|
,. in shades of navy, red and green, BiattketS, EtCv, MOW BtOmS regularly, July Cean-up pice each . 29O added to the Clean-up sale; each ISC J 9 -°o P.rtieres $6.75
I this season's new skirting material, These values cannot be matched elsewhere at retail: ; ; Jj°-°° l^" f J-^g
; that sells regularly for 75c g-€*0+ Unbleached Table Damask- 62 inches wide, PMow Casts -Jut two lot*, you can have less kuw..~K:~, ****+~~ a 4 ' r *L . „ J" ' '- ' '' *"T ,
•! a yard, Jul v clcan-up price %&<&(& aU linen, good patterns, heavy and serviceable, than th. price of materia 1 : ' BtftlSSSSSi h^GBfiSl 15c Curtam Rods 10c— Silver ends and brackets
regular values 6cc yard, 2 9 F i : ces -g*^ .' 45x36 inch size, each 9O / j$k Cft*an-Ui* P*»£CeS complete, extend from 30 to 54 inches. Ju'y
; ~ ZTTZ^L . 4Bc v^v^^v^m^ m&M ¦ uiean-up i-rtces ckan . n? priC e, each 100
K These &4.QO Unbleached Damask-64 inches wide, close BIeachcd ih - k . r Flannel- An odd lot of 15 \\J*F Full CUt, Well made Muslin Garments Tapeitry in Oriental Efftcts - 40 to 50
;: Go-Carts, $2.98 ¦ ZfiS^SftffiJ «T' te *?? £ V M that have been more or less mussed and * 5 : 25c
\ ¦ f=f Only 30 of jS^^Si^^^SSS. W^VP^ ' ' ' ¦ ' W ° «\ • soiled in windo^ and counter displays g y «, , »¦
LJ these ver y SSy a mXfrS^S° f the 6oc ImSBm marked at such ridiculously low prices as Sale Hat Pins
i ¦ME desirable l ? -2\^d. . : . J .' . . .52^c ** *« , mone >: "i bu j» a «= ; "f // // ijlti \ these • ; Chatelaine Bags
I AllM " c: > ll « ulc Buiched Damask-^66 inches *ide, fine, heavy «.i.co the par, mtroduced m the July , (1, UICSC. The balance of a
{ .lOlding Scotch Damask, all new and neat patrerns, clean-up rale as an extra tp:c:al _ J <j j Gowns of fine Cambr'cs, Ni'Mcoks and Muslins. jobber' s'stock of
C "^ffSppWvS. r,r\ Porfc S ood vllue 8 S C the >' ard ' l6 7OU at . f ......... «O' < T0 _ U , 65c ityles 49o $1.7 S styles . . . . $1.48 • Uf^Sti durriaine haw.
f '^^yipyA Vj0 ~ piccestnly for the July c.ean-up at #2. iC White Wool Blanktts- 1 0-4 rrc, h?avy snd j I I j,.' C o sty'es . . . . . 68V styles . . . .$1.68 Y f&3 ? ~ 5S
f - inu^T^Wj 52JP 2X Bleached Damisk Napkins— so dozen clo ely fleecy, wth jun enough of cotton in warp to / / $1.50 styles 03O jr \/ // worth Js. 00 to
> ff^^^liSX^ ; made Irifh linen Napkins, in a ftill assortment keep them frcm shrinking, njtr^0*' -wn . \ J Ladies* Drawers, Muslin-, Cambrics, Nainso.ks. &*&&££/ /C^ tZ-Sotzc^ioa
*&-%& thlS priCe. ofpicem., the regular _dinn?r me, instead of. ularly $3.50 pair, cean-up pncc^^«Z0 ; fc^fC ... ,.,.,„ /tff , 08c sMf« 680 W^m%//^ been eJosed ont
j Come early to be sure of jg? |,?g § W$$Mt3 ' W S & I ' ! fll >M M 1 ' I ' S3 ° &W^ S&iSS
i getting One. They are Bleached Damask Napkins-Extr* h.avy va!u-, c!ean-up prce, pir . . . . 5°c styles jao p^^^g nstaofferthem
{ light Weight, eaSy Tunning, f^ T i^ 9 £ "L^iiiS CrochttSpreads-M.de of 4 - p -y ym . hmmed Cor:et Covers cf fine Cambric and Nainsook, WMwM <i-in g the July
i U~ * UU \ i-\i n A ,.*¦* \ r u tV 5 • ends, full double bed size, instead of _-. 15c Cove s ©3 35c ar.d 40c styles 29O 5 clsan-up at
|. have rubber tired Steel j™ the J«I, cTean-up §2.PQ Si.aS«ch, crean-n? price . . . 98C *seC.Vn!V) 14C 6 5 cand75csty:«- 48D /^J^
i Wheels, and rattan Seat, BlearVed Bath Towels— The^2.25 p'^dozen Crochet Spreads -25 doze^ cnly, extra large, f.dies' Skirts of fine Whit: Cambric, tucked and h:mstitched, fu'J flounce effect, the §1.25 styTes / vOC?
t during July Clean- UD While *&*, l*^ size, fringed ends, dese # ma^ of fin^t yarn Mariei>, patterns for Q8C The above chatelaines are in Ger-
i quantity laStS . . . $2.88 'i§- ,'ff . *'?. ' " ? St. 28 WW UiJ» Aprons- Sightly iw, that were 3SC to 9 8c, now each . . . 24O to 6 9O SfVv^ne^s^SooTStaSSnSnTs^
{ — ¦ — i - nappy surface, a r:Iiab!e wearing towe', never Comforters— Full si/e, covered with fine figured Infants' Dresses— £1.59 to f6.co style?, now Q3C ** $4.OO Very pretty Hat Pins — The heads in pearl,
i ' Music, 9c % 1 ™J™*ZJ^- 23c M ™« m^m now •¦¦••-• 200* $2.50
[ Monday and during sale while quantity V^^ \ " ' j ' ' l ~ " ' 1 ! or J/ c regu!arl >'' marked for
j; lasu, these latest titles of 2 ;c music *JuiV GiGSn^iliB Of iWSSity StwigSS @f GhS&BPS
{ per copy Qq
\ "The Girl You Love" (from -The . if&A WSJ^ ifTIl \0m t^^^ July Clean-Up
I Si ver Slipper"), "I'll Be, Your Rain YfWT Ultl THHlTl I I'l II (at ' W^Wn^^^Ji WiW O^^ Hundred, oT books of which we h«rc but ,
• Beau," *'I'd Like to Hear That Song a if] S | S // 113 I llMdll m jfr I V$'$JrU( *^^!^^^ \\^110a|I( I i]|ji||| few volumes of a title left, and many specially
| "I Think It Must Be Love," "Sammy" g p^^a^y^ Y-J^^^tf^Si r^^ "^^ 1^^^^^ H SS—^Mil - 7 J 5. 50 bock for". /'. J*™™. 45o
I (from "The Wizard of Oz"), "I Need S i ttl Rpefi %|\ Lj I -"^-i-| (1 iMSHillll W % S i Jt^Z-J^I^\ w4^^F**&\ V^^^^^ "RecoUections of Sir Algernon West"— a
• "Ping Pong March, "and* 'Sun Dance." § M £> \ a * U0^ -U^T ** "The Klondike Stampede"— by TappanAdncr,
¦ « ,,.. — » - This quaint Dutch Another s'.yle Dutch Cane Seat.-d Din : ng Morris Chair— Solid go'.den L- rge f olden quattrr Go'd:n oak or ma- Clean white Rat- Cobbler Seat a *'°° ° °* '. *„* ' " " ' " C
¦ SpOrtmg GOOtlS chair> ehher goIdcn or chairt golden oak or chi . rj {o] . d ¦ oak ( nm^ gool spring b seat, oak or mahoga . h o £ ani Z ed Birch Rock- tan Ro:ker. bleach- Rocker, golden oak £ J^ ~ b J Ba^
July Cleanup weathered oak or ma- mahogany, suitable to dcn fcrac . nized Birch Rocker, "> «*« «*«7 ** f «f «'«^«f^ "Work, of Lord Byron"-£complet= in I rols.,
I fs.2 5 Mijetic Gai Lamps for. . .$1.43 ho S any finish, made and use at dressing table or ' .' 8 , me ; y covered reveriible hair .... ,. . , . or "pholstered in ve- durabh light weight any, well made and wor th for . Q8O
' 51.50 Youth's Punching Bags and Platform polished in the best man- desk or in ball or lj- 6 s(!uare s ? mdlrs ln cushions, regularly 5 1 2.00, sals ngmy P ' ' lours or tapestries, only chair, only . . . finished, only. .. •« Ame rican Supplement of the Encydoped : a
25c net \*>:ab'e . $3.1& trsry . . . $2.8O back, only. .$1.27 F ricc • ..... .$6*95 bcttom srat . $5»2O $4.33 • • • - $2.45 - • • • S1.9O Britannica" — in 5 rols. complete, worth
Soc*Foot Pumps* solid base. .' .' .* .' . 3JO ¦ — _^ i \ 1 . j ; ¦ — $*>£O * Jrt » 5 «ts only 'rem^g a«
: J5^^^2gg[S5 Mouse Furnishings Mattings—Rugs Crockery-Lamps '^Z^^ii^^sc
I 5 c Tube, Patching Cement 3O - Shoe Polishers for 'home and 'M M Brand neW. ; Up-tO-date 6as Rea dm 8 Lamp - Gold and- . •« iZ'n^
' ccPatklg^GSS 1 .".' 3c W^^~^l «m P use, adjustabx any- • J^k, Japanese MattihgS, in an' black enamel Stand, hose, 'goose n Urly^ 7 . S o,for $175
• *, „ JL _^ ' * ' ZT where- 1 las^s Dolishine • l\\///\- r . • , .. , neck, burner, chimney, shade, "Bulfinch't Age of Fab'e"— illustrated and
r^uSe^ches* til A^\ doth and bttW p^^h! f Wk " line Of. mic ; canopy and dou'b'e frame printed on finder, ,**- 5° book fo^gp
i 50c Belh-Cuckoo 2Oo I July dean-up tale .77© MW^^^H P^temS, in blues, mantle complete, instead of .. J)J . - — —^^^^—
; 2 S c Nkkei Toe cip, 2Oo QLA=?/ ¦ . VMt^^^ereens red, white $2.10, Cean-up P ncc j^ Groceries-Uquors
: a S c Duck Carrier, fff C " ttK V Jl-75 Cream F,eezers, 2-quart size. ffiWfc'^ ' ¦ /¥¦ MondaV Stilt TUBSttaV
: 5,.oo u. s. oil Lamp, .ceo 7r4l\« qu'ck frecz^ now .... Pl||"j^|l and mixed designs, 2OC Derated Candle Sticks with 'J9 monuBy ana i uosaay
: xscCl.veandSpoke.Enamel. . ... 9o \\Mtf Sleeve Bo«rds-Whi:e wood, on ,Und, for While q U a n t i t y . colored candle for • /^ B So^JSiSreSS 1 £U>^
• 25c Bottle B> S 4 Od . . . .... f 5O -,^"^3. irO ning shirt wasts and in- W^^%t7)W4 locfc Lntr thp • • • • • • •>• • • /^O WU^^^ foi- the 2 days, lb. * V /*TT
fKooBectric Medical Batter^comphte 60c ) -^.5 Z" wear 44C -^^3|>t%| 1 i aStS ' 45c Glass Stand Lamp, decorated W&&W - Floating Soap- 0x^11, 7 bar, . . . 2Bo
[ —^— — -—--^— -^^— — — — — irf^Zz/^ Jline Clean-Up with pictures of American grl ::^^^ / Lard— Bett Eastern, 31b. tins . . . . 38o
Untf&rweaB* and Washing Machines — The high-grade improved Western 00 ] p f or - OO r Castile Soap -Imported, large bar. . . 23o
Hosiery Clean-up : : : 53.35 Instead of $8.00 >SOS '* ¦ J^
; Some ffo«r /ferns i^^^ffei^lf^i^ : |™^ special "^™X %™a«££
: Ladles' 25c Hose, 17c- Imported Hermsdorf $1.25 Meat Safes-25 inches high, arinche, wide . . 97o Instead 01 23C the ¥#?/9£ with flowers and gold for . JQq Riisins-Loose clusters, 3 lbs. . . . . 24c
¦ Black M.cb Couon Ho,r, high spliced heel, Family Size Wrinsers- 10-inch rolls, steel springs, iron frame yard, nOW. . . . . <T" '. I." .'. • M *^'*^ 1 1. n 0 Jardinieres with' fancy wrought iron stands, Sausa S e-R« Vienna or Lunch, 3 ens. gJo
f7C ' ' $1 ' 22 Balance Ot the 10,000 lot of Mon- L jardinieres royal blue and go!d, now . $1.35 S " ' Wo
¦ m 7f bt h 25c Bread Knives-Fine^teelblade. .... .../2C imitation Cut "Glass Vafe with' gold bS" fiu^ni.i K." .'ifSg
I Cl^ i i?J&"2i. II liJ2 HSON^Pl.ledTeaKett.p-Heavycopper.No.Ssi. -k, wx,^ e^unue^u week wh,e cuant.nn last, at the same S^^ . _ ; . £ /fc a P~ 6 ' , |f«
f knee, heel, and ,oles, a fine host for school <f •':, o '' 'o-V " c- •"« "".'.' J '"' "«f (,8x36) for .. . 77O COC decorated China Salad Bowl with border of Gmnw Untlls-Best nuported, 3^Ibs . 25O
' w^r —,„',- iv , M ;L f nr f nf a i! $!.25 Oil Stoves— The VFairy Queen," 1 burner. . . 98O «,,„.;,-?,, .:.{>„,.¦¦ <* #0 3 n « -r Port or Sherry— Extra quality, gallon . StfO
I c ~«"i,;j™ r "S,-"p h 'll nl ' > Dress Liiiings-Wo \ A ..,. r ~^ " Notion Clean-up ?t?M^^*".^^zo
,* v &-*f* r>rr\ 1 it i i • i_ i • • .^ J/T • ¦ /- _ These price" for little th!nC3 that you nefd _ ,,, * ' ' J " . ,- u .
f, P nce ** u 850 yardS blaCK Skirt lining, • • VVy^ bS^ • ever ? r dsy have never ***" matched ln thl3 California Orap« Brandy— For the two rfays,
i U s";, Sw, S"Ti: w"» J k '"K 36 inches wide, in two fM ffiff, Jy^gM^^^K M M RAT 10 ° ».t£*^-*m-^ : ttm
• .»,¦„ „„„„ Pl , c»,;, j^w, _ styles, one the spun glass, A^/^^J^(/fff/JfJ/AilJW a^'-BrSfiSfflSi^US'SS^*- giliTb? ch,« u^..on •<;=¦ iifuf °
' Jm v?"^'p Tl,;Tfff like taffeta silk, the other Ss,«^i T.2""^ Ex '. rlT " >eC '""-. G : lb "'. ) :. 5 iSs
Lhildrens Vests and Pants— 1-uUhmsned Me- Moire Mercerized, both worth 15c I /t| II I H II IU> ' 1 I 1 1 1 ¦! ' 1 I # ¦¦iiiwli' "' 15c Whalfbone Casings-rbiacic and white— imported Rhine Wines— Bottie . . .$1.OO
' !!wj 'Tr, 1 . e I S r ,» &1 m ' a 7 ard » for thc J uIv clean-up sale . . • .„ , 1 .^mmffa^kdUm^ 1 ' ,oT w^r^f Pk.rt Blndin B -colo«-Yd.. 5c Best Blackberry Brandy-Bcttfc . . . 75o
' to^t white oa.y, an/ si/= . 25c . . | Q C -^S^^^^^^^^TmERJCA'S GRANDEST STORE | *™£& j^^JcF^^ 3 " d Comba Vitux » ' m P orted Cogaac-Boele . . 75oOLYMPIC CLUB LEADER AND
MEMBERS OF G. A. R. EN
TERTAINMENT COMMITTEE.
REGULAR REPUBLICANS
OF FORTY-FIRST MEET
Besolutions Expressing Sentiments
on Leading Issues Are Passed
by the Club.
A meeting of the Regular Republican
Club of the Forty-first Assembly District
was held last night at 2768 Octavla street.
Ii was largely attended by members cf
the organization. As a means for can
vassing names for delegates to thi Re
publican municipal convention the fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That the several committees
of the club— the executive committee, the
enrolling committee and the five primary
piecinct canvassing committees— be em
pewered and instructed to meet together
on the call of the president. and canvass
names to be reported to the club at the
next meeting for nomination as debates
to the municipal convention. Nominations
shall be, made, however, in open club
meeting at a meetlne of the club to be
held Saturday evening, July 25, 1903."
As expressing the sentiments of the club
in reference to the leading political ques
tions of the coming campaign, the follow
ing resolutions were adopted:
"Resolved, That this club disapproves
of- any ¦ movement calculated . or intended
to prevent the holding of an official pri
rrary election for delegates to the ap-
p-np^ HE exhibition to be given by the
I Olympic Club at the Mechanics"
1 1 Pavilion on the evening of July
** 30 promises to be a memorable
event. A= a ladies' night it will
surely command the universal approval
of society. The club, appreciating the
importance of the function and realizing
that an immense audience will attend,
has resolved to put forward Its best tal
ent in every department.
In speaking of the proposed entertain
ment for the benefit of the Grand Army
encampment. William Greer Harrison,
president of the club, said: "The mem
bers of the club are taking an active in
terest in the coming exhibition at the pa
vilion. They deem it an honor to assist
the Grand Army of the Republic. All
Figns point to a notable success. The
members, inspired by the spirit of patriot-
Ism, are giving their time and energies
to the work in hand."
John J. Gleason. leader of the Olympic '
Club, is quite as confident and enthusias
tic as President Harrison. It Is an assured
fact that the club will present the most
attractive and interesting programme of
events ever unfolded to the ladies of San
Francisco. Moreover, the boxing bonus
•will not consist of make believe cuffs.
The club has decided that genuine hard
hitting, close up to the knockout limit.
Mrs J. Sewell Reed, now of Dorchester.
Mass.. will revisit her former home in
California during the National Encamp
ment of the Grand Army in this city. She
is the widow of the late Captain J. .Be^ell
Reed, commander of the famous Califor
nia One Hundred. Mrs. Reed was reared
in San Francisco and accompanied her
husband East when he led those, young
California heroes to fight the battles of
their country.
Mrs. M. Anna Hall, the national presi
dent of the Ladies of the Grand Army of
the Republic, will be among the distin
guished visitors during the national en
campment. She is a resident of Wheel
ing, W. Va., and has organized almost
every circle of the order in her native
State. She expects to head a delegation
of about 400 from her section of the coun
try, besides thousands who do not belong
to the order, but are coming to San Fran
cisco at that time.
Inquiries have been received from vet
erans from Wisconsin, Wyoming and
other States about land in California with
a view of purchasing and settling. John
J. Moser of Plum City. Pierce County,
Wis., writes for 1 information about locat
ing a colony of practical and experienced
farmers and orchardlsts. Moser and his
party are coming to attend the Grand
Army encampment, but wish to find land
suitable for farming and fruit growing
at reasonable figures in order to locate in
California permanently. Similar inquiries
from other sources have been received at
headquarters.
The California State Horticultural As
sociation proposes to hold a floral exhibit
in this city during encampment week as
an object lesson of California's floral
wealth for the benefit of the Eastern
visitors. The exhibit is to be held in the
grand nave of the ferry building, if ar
rangements can be made with the Board
of Harbor Commissioners and the State
Board of Trade. This is to be independ
ent of the exhibit of fruit and flowers
to be had by the Grand Army posts in
the old dining-room of the Lick House.
This is to be a joint exhibit of the choic
est products of the Sacramento Valley and
the foothills, held under the joint aus
pices of the Grand Army posts from Sac
ramento. Marysville, Orovllle. Chico, Red
Bluff,* Corning. Colusa, Woodland, Wil
lows and other places along the river.
DISTINGUISHED LADIES.
ans from Anaconda alone to Join the
Montana delegation.
candidate for the office who may be idea
tlfled with some other party, but becau.se
we believe in the Republican party and
in Its ability to wisely administer the gov
ernment and because we believe that r.o
one but a representative Republican
should* receive the nomination from the
party."
After the business of the meeting had
been transacted the following members
of the club made brief addresses on th©
issues of the campaign: Judge Henry C
Dibble, Edward J. Prlngle. Silas A.
White. John Corbett. Captain Birlera,
Thomas W. Collins, Henry Parker. Th©
secretary reported that the club mem
bership showed 300 names.
"Resolved. That this club favors the
nomination by the Republican municipal
convention of a Republican of unquestion
ed party allegiance as our candidate for
Mayor. We make this declaration not
because of any personal opposition to any
proachlng municipal convention on the
call of the Republican County Committee.
While this club opposes and will continue
to oppose all outside interference in the
Forty-first District, we are not oppos>!g
the Republican party organization as rep
resented by the official and authorized
committees of the party. We are Renub
licans and will support the Republican
ticket to be nominated by the Republican
convention. - ,,'
Governor Bulkeley, department com
mander of Connecticut, in asking for ad
ditional , rooms for, the use of the Connec
ticut headquarters, says: "We are going
a long distance, and more people are Join
ing our party as the time draws near."
J. S. Wisner, department commander
of Montana, has a party of forty, veter-
"Let. our delegation from the State of
Washington be so' large .that the. citizens
of the Golden Gate city will be compelled
to acknowledge that. we are a great and
mighty commonwealth, destined . In the
near, future to be the foremost State in
the. Union."
The Department of Rl\ode Island has
secured headquarters at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, where most of its delegates will
be accommodated during the encamp
ment., The party Is headed by Depart
ment Commander James S. Hudson, a
prominent merchant of Providence. A
number of the most prominent citizens
and officials of Rhode Island are coming
with the Grand Army delegation. They
will remain a few days and then go to
the Yosemite, thence south, and spend
several days in Southern California.
The Department of the Potomac will
come on a special train composed of seven
Pullman sleepers, commissary, baggage
and observation cars, leaving Washing
ton, D. C, on the evening of August 9,
going via Chicago, Denver, Colorado
Springs and Salt Lake City, and arriving
in San Francisco August 16. A very
large contingent is coming from Wash
ington, D. C. •
The Department of Washington and
Alaska has established joint transporta
tion headquarters at Seattle for the ac
commodation of all members of the
Grand Army, Women's Relief Corps, La
dles of the Grand • Army*and Sons of Vet
erans. In issuing its notice to the mem
bers of these organization the committee
concludes its letter with these words:
BIG DELEGATIONS COMING.
The officers and all shipmates of Phclps
Squadron No. 12, United States Veteran
Navy, are making the most strenuous ef
forts to increase its ranks and mako tho
most creditable showing during the Grand
Army National Encampment here next
month. Encouraged by the success of tho
meeting held one week ago, the squadron
will again hold a meeting and smoker on
board the U. S. S. Marion, alongside Fol
som wharf. No. 2, to-mo'rrow evening at
8 o'clock. An invitation is extended to
all who are eligible to membership in the
United States Veteran Navy. The initia.
tion fee haa been made $1 and the yearly,
dues $1 until the national encampment,*
so that all eligibles may be able to join
at a mere nominal coat. Secretary J. J.
Delaney, who relates his experiences on
board the old school ship St. Marys and
later on board the Active at the bom
bardment of Red Ro'ck during the Span
ish-American war. Is Indefatigable in his
efforts to augment the ranks of the
squadron. Lieutenant Lutz and John
Brady both relate their vivid recollec
tion of the famous engagement of Far
ragut at Mobile Bay, and other ship
mates who have been with Dcwey at Ma
nila relate the Incidents of that memora
ble naval achievement. After the meet
ing and the swearing in of recruits a
smoked will be given.
will be a concert of 500 voices and an or
chestra of seventy-five pieces. But the
event of the week is reserved for Friday
night. August 21, when the great camp
tire is to be had at the pavilion, with the
old fashioned army fare of beans, hard
tack and black coffee, with a few Califor
nia dainties sandwiched in. Provision
will be made for 5000 guests to be seated;
all the rest will have to take their meal
standing. The plates and cups have been
especially ordered for the occasion and
will be suitably engraved commemora
tive of the event and will be presented to
the veterans as a souvenir of the San
Francisco encampment.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Charles C. Mar
tin, superintendent of the engineering de
partment of the Brooklyn bridge, died
suddenly to-day of apoplexy at Far Rock
away. He was 72 years of age.
Brooklyn Bridge Engineer Dies.
The entertainment committee of the
Grand Army met yesterday afternoon
and completed additional arrangements
for the entertainment of the veterans
during encampment week. The Mechan
ics' Pavilion, where the principal enter
tainments of the week are to be held, will
be ornamented with a profusion of flags,
shields, corps badges of every State In
the Union and seventy-five pictures of
the most famous war generals and heroes,
each fully seven feet in height. On Tues
day night. August 18, a general reception
will be tendered to the Grand Army,
Woman's Relief Corps, Ladles of the
Grand Army, Veterans of the Spanish
War, Veterans of the Mexican War and
all kindred societies by the Governor,
Mayor, department commander and the
chief officers of the other organizations.
There will be music by a large orchestra
and 10.750 seats will be provided for the
visitors. On the following night there
CAMPFIRE AND CONCERT.
shall not be barred.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 11.— Five young
men reached Topeka this afternoon from
New York City in answer to calls for har
vest hands. They say they have been em
ployed as clerks. They admit they are
practically without funds. Forty more
will arrive here to-night, they say, from
New York City and at least 500 men are
en route and will reach here, before Mon
day.
Clerks Flock to Harvest Fields.
RAWLINS, Wyo., July 11.— All hope of
reaching the bodies of the dead miners in
the Hanna mine has been given up, at
least for the time being. When the
rescuers tapped the brattice which had
been built in the hope of smothering the
fire in the seventeenth entry, the gas
drove them back. As soon as the air
reached the smoldering tire it again burst
into fierce flames and the workers were
driven back to the fourteenth entry. A
new brattice was made and all attempts
to recover the bodies will be abandoned
for at least a week in the hope the fire
will by that time be smothered.
None but the most experienced are now
permitted to go into any part of the
mine, as the danger of a second explosion
has become too great to permit of any
carelessness.
Gas in Seventeenth Level of Hanna
Mine Again Bursts Into
Flame.
ABANDON ALL HOPE OF
BEACHING MINERS' BODIES
The capital is reduced from $70,000,000 to
$40,000,000. Instead of building to the east
ern limit of the Rocky Mountains, the
western terminus is fixed as the eastern
boundary of British Columbia.
OTTAWA, Ont., July 11.— Notice haa
been given of some further amendment*
to the bill incorporating the Grand Trunk
Pacific. Under the amendments the Grand
Trunk Pacific can enter into an agree
ment with the Government respecting the
construction and operation of a line or a
portion of the line, the property of the
Government, between Moncton and Win
nipeg. The shareholders must sanction
the agreement. If the Government builda
the Eastern Quebec and Woodland sec
tions the company will have power to
build branches to North Bay, Nipissing
Junction, Gravenhurst, Port Arthur and
Fort William and to a point on the Mon
treal and Western Railroad to Montreal.
The views of the Guardians of the Muni
cipal Rights are met in a section relating
to short tramways for ore and other
freight. A majority of the directors must
be residents of Canada, and to the names
of the directors are added Sir Charles
Rivers Wilson, Lord Welby, John A. Clut
ton-Brock, Joseph Price and A. W.
Smithers.
Railroad Will Extend Only
to Eastern Edge of Brit
ish'Columbia.
Notice Given at Ottawa
of ChaDges in Incor
poration Bill.
TO AMEND GRAND
TRUNK MEASURE
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
Event Promise to Surpass in Brilliancy and Interest Past Records of
Athletic Display— Progress of Work on the Proposed Entertainments
During Week of National Encampment of Veterans in San Francisco
OLYMPIC CLUB IS ARRANGING GREAT
EXHIBITION IN AID OF GRAND ARMY
26
1 w^^-| [The Credit House 1 |^^w.|
dtniirna'd
9 x 12 Feet Wool Smyrna Rugs. $15.00.
if
This new lot were the usual thing we'd say the usual thing about them-
s1z: and price, and let it go at that.
But they are unusual in pattern and color, making them more than
just rood Smyrna rugs.
There are famous Oriental designs heretofore deemed impossible In
Smyrnas. You can match any color scheme or period of furnishing from
this new & great assortment.
Thick, soft wool, reversible, pattern on both sides, ox 12 feet, 5i >co. "
3x6 Feet Smyrna Rugs 2.25
That's a very handy size; comes hear being a big rug, yet It will answer
for iron places than any other size made. There are bright colors and
combinations in Oriental effects in such variety that a pleasing choice is
assured. Reversible pattern, 3x6 feet Smyrnas, $2.25.
Imperial Axminster Rugs, 36x63, $6.50.
Persian, Turkish and East Indian. Panels in delicate tones or brilliant
colors. Fioral and figured medallljns daintily bordered. The handsomest S\
lot and greatest variety we 've ever shown of these high pile Axminsters,
the favorite piano and parlor rug. 36x63 Inches, $6.50.
18x36 Axminster Rugs, 85c.
Little single door beauties with lustrous texture and bright color that will
• add cheer to your room out of all proportion to their size. Oriental and
florah 18x36 Inches, 85 cents.
Carpet Rugs, 65 and 75 Cents
Made of short lengths of our handsomest patterns of Axminster, Velvet &
Brussels carpet; 1 to iM yds; fringed ends. Pile rugs, 75c. Brussels, 65 c
233 235 237 Post Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SwwwwnfwnfnfmflfWflfmmwmi!fwmwiifi!fwwnfwiffmwffiwwiiffflwnn!fK
% ¦ ' -^
**^ rJ Ed i£3 lla B^. Si k^I BJl p3 Ltjj VM f%\ jr |L I — *O
IST.OIVIAGH BITTERS!
| For the Weak and Run Down. 1
£ Everybody needs a tDnic occasionally. The system be- =3
% comes weak, either from neglect or overwork, and the %
JE stomach, liver and kidneys are unable to perform their duties
properly. Naturally, you want the best medicine that can be
g obtained. Follow the example of thousands • of other people 3
H and commence taking Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at once. It 3
P has been their main standby as a family remedy for fifty years 3
% and has never failed them. It won't disappoint you either. 3
We therefore urge you to try a bottle and be convinced of its 3
value. It will positively cure 3
g •-.-...'.... 3
Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, 3
§= Sour Stomach, Dyspepsia, 3
I Sick Headache, Biliousness, 1
S Nervousness, Liver Troubles, 3
S Insomnia arid Malaria Fever and Ague 3
g FOR SALE BY ALL DRUGGISTS. D0NT ACCEPT ANY SUBSTITUTE. 3
ADVZB.TISEME27CB. ¦ _ ¦ ¦ - -
To-Morrow begins the 2. nd week of
fThe thousands of people who made pure h&seb here during the -r^
past week, will surely return this coming week, owing to7v*f
• a.....
the great values they received There will also be seen |j
thousands of new faces, of those who have tor the first time Ii
heard of this great sale. We have prepared an array of bargains m
for to-morrow 5 sale thaj surely will be the talk ot the city, yi
o ¦ : — 00 — ¦ : o I if
i Muslin Underwear Shirt Waists %!£%,"' 1 1
I OnooftHUain Attritions for To-«or n »; «J g £«=,££ Jf£ %%*% Z& $£g I i
if:' I „, aig oaie. 42c s to-morrow'i price for any of cur 6oc Waisrs I! ill
I 1 Women's Gowns at 39c, 48c. 68c, 89c. 45c is to-m arrow's price for any of our 75c Waists pi
!:J 1 Worn n's Drawers at 10c, 18c, 2 4c, 35c, 45c, 69c, 69c is to-morrow's priccfor any of our $1.00 W iits ft ;
jiii! I Corset. C.gv.ts at 6c, 13c. 22c. 33c. 47c. g8c is to-rrorro\v's prce forany of our $1. <o WaMs I I
lij| !| Whi c Cambric Unde.ski ti at 35c, 69c, 89c, 98c, O — : O I; |
if AL < {;' s u^!WEARo n sau,o. m o r ro, 1 s ro ad t Outiog Mrto on Sale To-Mornw jl
I! of best muslins and cambrics, tr mmeJ with Mads of so !J IUck duck, so id blue duck, white ; t
I.I laces, emb-o'dsrles, insert! n, hemsttching and polka cot duck, whte b'que. grass linen and |j;j
;''•! ii tu kins. I\ot a garme it in the entire bt that's cov-itcoth. SALE PRICbS: W I
••it j noc wo th from One-Quarter to One-Half More 59c, 98c, $1.19, $1.45, $1.69 fi' /
I ipf than sah rrice. ' •' ' <¦'¦ Manv ffth -e skirts ars wonhdoub!- our sa'e pi:e tf./
'i'fjj'/ ° ; : — ; ; °o : ¦ — ; 9 Wf,
M Dress and Walking Skirts 3 Silk Waist Specials Women's Wrappers mi'
Hi in <:.,„., lOrsi-vs <\r lian* W.^5 for ch Ice of ill ojr <3- w, We're cosing out our Summer KM
M etc v?rV dre sv oe'r ec "t co 2nd W o Wash Silk Wrappers at prices which M
Si n^SfSvLrnJf Waists; -beautifjl colorings should interest ev.-ry woman. M
ill m£a P * lfectly made and fin ' $2.95 for Woo Wnits India Silk 45c for 7 SC wrappers. [ft
M\ ti»a* * cVi'i Uaist - We fo- 98c wrappsrs. ' (flU
l/ll * 189 for *3-oo Skirts. $3.95 i r clri:e of any of our 95c. $1.15, $1.35 and $1.95 are BB
III J2 45 fo- $3.75 Skirts. $l to . < 6 tQf i? . 5o Silk hi reduced selling prices of IB.
•!H *|-^|]or$5.oobki ts. Waists. Thes? 3sp.-.ials ar; all our best wrappe s. made an
1 H I* '?«;' r skirts. ; the bigg<st bargains ever of- cf P.rcale, Gingham and J I.
& H * 4 - 50 ' J r So 0O Skirts le ed in silk wa sts- J D'mity; sizes 34 to 46. J 19
K GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF SUMMER LACES tf
M c . o C '¦ O O O //;[|
¦\\\ Laces and Insertings Fancy Lace Insertion giack Lace Galloons,! 1O , I' ill
l\\ IK to 3 inches wide. Point de Paris, "| French Vab, 10 v j [ill
IW\ PlatteVal* 1 ?/. K/wW S" 1 * Bo £ kl l? t ' . 9 C Yard 12-yard pieces, l?^^ ilk
iU Woven Galloons, lg C ¦ ' al ? Flowers, Scroll and I Lace Edges and % *• price* f| A
I Point de Paris, f R«g- P"?e Leaf Designs, Reg . price , Insertions, I 35c to 45c I 1
] Cotton GaUoons, J 5c to 15c " c h^° u^ M 15c to 25c Hand-Made Linen Insertion . f I
»'l Laces and Insertion white and Linen J 1/ I
| 2 to 5 inches. Heavy Lace Insertion £ to 9 inches. T 4Q C Yard V I
l^g£ hoa^5c Yard JS^St V^c Yard Real fee. r *« ,
I §E#E£ res-* <^' P fe' J 70c to $ 1.00_ I
Fancy GaUoons, J 10c to 20c Good patterns, j *9c to 35c O O V\ 9
o O p — r— O Lace All-Overs \\ B
4 Corset Specials Our Bargain Counters Vhite, Cream and Arabian, used tl I
| 35c for 50c Corsets. Offer great values to-morrow in f° # r <***? coUars, as well as other ill
J 69c for $1.00 Corsets. Knit Underwear and hosiery trimming 69c yard la
89c for $1.25 Corsets. for women and children. Regular price, $1X0 to $1 50. / ¦ H
// 98 c for $1.50 Corsets. C : — O ° r~T T" " , _• , *> M
B You can have these in R. and G., WE GIVE TRAD NG STAMPS 0V 5 New Lots of Ribbons |A
B . W. B. Thompson, P. Y., latest EVER Y THING. Sale prices, 5c. 5c. 8c. 10c yard— j |
3 rhapes, erect form. Send for Our Illustrated Catalogue worth double. - I ft
I MARKS BROS., 1220-22-24 Market Street, """*%!" Jd 1 1Sir John Douglas Armour of the Supreme Court
of Canada and a Member of the Alaska
Boundary Commission Dies in City of London
NOTED CANADIAN JURIST PASSES
AWAY AFTER A LENGTHY ILLNESS
FORMER MEMBER OF ALASKA
BOUNDARY COMMISSION WHO IS
DEAD IN LONDON.
There is a small town up the* State
that boasts a female teacher, and the
lady's duties are many. One day she
may visit the sick, another attend a fu
neral and the next baptize a baby. One
afternoon she was preparing the sermon
for the following Sabbath, when she
heard a timid knock at the parsonage
door. Answering the summons, she found
a bashful young German standing on the
step and twirling his straw bat in his
hands. . .
Turned Down a Proposal.
. Another lunatic asylum for London Is
to be built at Horton at a cost of $2,850,-
W0. .,''-'¦:¦¦ :• , ¦¦
OGDEN, Utah, July 11.— The -Ogden
Woolen Mills were destroyed by fire this
afternoon. Mioss, $24,000; insurance,
$5000. : ; > -V ;
Ogden Woolen Mills Destroyed.
A Viennese naturalist, M. "Werner, has
been investigating the Bense perceptions
of reptiles and amphibians and arrived
at some unexpected results; After exam
ination of 186 individual animals he has
come to the conclusion that » these crea
tures have ¦ some ¦ power of • finding water
not possessed by human ' beings. They
seemed capable of going direct to a body,
of water of the existence of which th«y
would, it appeared, have no ordinary
means of knowing. According to M. Wer
ner, the sight of the reptilla is like that
of : fish, distinctly limited to near objects,
while their sense of hearing la>-ery poor.
—Indianapolis News, ,
Amphibit -is as Water Finders.
The Government consequently immedi
ately revoked the counter measures it
had ordered to be taken, notably the call
ing out; of the reserves. It is the gen
eral impression here that the danger of a
conflict has "disappeared. .
SOFIA, July 11.— In a semi-official state
ment issued to-day the Government says
it has gladly taken cognizance of the dec
laration by some of the powers that Tur
key has no aggressive plans and that they
are ready to intervene with a view to the
withdrawal of the Turkish reinforcements
from the Bulgarian frontier, and is espe
cially gratified by the Turkish promise of
bette»' treatment of the Bulgarians in
Macedonia." ' ..I:"
In an encounter between Turkish troops
and revolutionists which occurred near
Petrich, about fifty miles from Salonica,
on July 10, the notorious brigand Alexis
and several others of his band were
killed. :
SALONICA, European Turkey, July 12.
—Twelve hundred Turkish troops sur
rounded 200 Bulgarians near Amatovopa
matovo. The two leaders of the Bulgar
ians were killed while attempting to es
cape.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 11.— The return
of Rufus Cantrill, the convicted negro
ghcul t from the penitentiary to testify in
the grave-robbing cases is likely, accord
ing to the detectives, to explain the mys
terious disappearance of Miss Carrie Sel
vage, who escaped from the insane hos
pital here nearly two years ago. .
The story, which is not yet verified, Is
that the woman was found by the ghoul9,
who kept her a prisoner fourteen weeks
in a log hut and then chloroformed her
to death, expecting to sell her body. This
they were afraid to do and finally buried
the body.
It is also said that Cantrill has informa
tion that will prove that this was the
fate of the unfortunate woman, and that
he will tell all he knows in the hope of
shortening his sentence.
Kill Two Leaders Who
Attempt to Make
Escape.
Negro Grave Robber's
Horrible Story of
Crime.
TURKS SURROUND
BULGARIAN BAND
GHOULS MURDER
INSANE WOMAN
"Tou gits no chance mlt me," h© called
back. "I don't vant you: I haf eot me
a girl alreaty!"— Phiadelphia Item.
The lady's hair is beginning to silver,
and the German glanced at It. Then he
jammed hfs hat on hi9 head and hur
ried down the walk. "What's the mat
ter?" Khe cried after him. J
"All right; I can marry you," she said.
"Tes, sir."
"Yess? Veil, I vant me to kit iner
riet."
"Good afternoon," the preacheress re
marked. ""What do you wish?"
"Dey say der minister llfed In dis housa.
hey?" .
Rev. E. Nealander will preach at the
First English Unitarian Church this
morning^ on "The Lord's Horses and
Chariots*," • ajid during the evening ser
vices on "Lost at Home, or the Parable
of the Elder Brother."
Emanuel Evangelical— Morning, "The
Battles of a True Christian": evening,
"Herod and the Young Child." Pastor,
Rev. F. W. Fischer.
Howard-street M. E. — Evening, "Labor
Unrewarded." Pastor t Rev. A. C. Bane.
Trinity M. E.— Morning, "More Words
That Shook the World"; evening, Mr. and
Mrs. Baher, the blind singers, will sing.
Grace M. E.— Morning, Dr. Henry Spell
meyer will preach; evening, "Yosemite
Valley, Its Religious Impressions." Pas
tor. Rev. F. M. Larkin.
Message of Islah to the Church of To
day"; evening, "Rome and the Vatican."
Pastor, Rev. Clarence Reed.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Welcome relief
from the torrid heat of the past few days
came to-day, beginning with a northeast
breeze, which sprang up e'arly in - the
morning and was followed by a brisk
thunder snower in the afternoon and a
drop of many degrees in the temperature
in the evening. When the thunderstorm
broke at 3 p. m. the official thermometer
stood at 87 degrees, but fell to C8 within
an hour. The number of deaths attribut
ed to the heat recorded during the day
was seventeen. Of these the majority
were children who were unable to rally
from the effects of the terrific tempera
ture of yesterday. Prostrations to the
number of thirteen occurred, all during
the early hours of the day. All the hos
pitals are filled with patients who have
succumbed to the heat, but who are rap
idly rallying under the influence of the
cool breeze that sweeps over the city to
night.
PHILADELPHIA, July 1L— Five deaths
and more than a score of prostrations
was to-day's heat record in the city. The
maximum temperature was IM degrees at
2 o'clock this afternoon. The humidity
registered at S3 per cent.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— The highest tem
perature recorded to-day was 94 degrees.
The heat was very oppressive, but relief
came when a heavy thunderstorm swept
over the city late in the afternoon, drop
ping the mercury to 82 degrees. Director
of Exhibits F. J. V. Skill of the World's
Fair was overcome by the heat near the
Administration building.
PARIS, July 11.— The heat to-day was
intense, the thermometer, registering 91
degrees Fahrenheit.- Ten persons died as
the result of sunstroke.
Thunder Showers and a
Northeaster Refresh
New York.
Rev. Father Allen will preach at 10:30
o'clock mass this morning in St. Ignatius
Church. Rev. Father Forhan will preach
in the evenine.
The Paullst missionary. Father Hahd
ley, will preach at the 11 o'clock mass
at St. Mary's (Paulist) Church this morn
ing. Father Carey will preach in the
evening.
A special feature of the men's rally
at the Youns Men's Christian Associa
tion Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets,
at 3 o'clock this afternoon will be the
singing of the Oliphant sisters of Chi
cago. They will render, by special re
quest, the new hymn entitled "Sowing
the Tares," written by a young man serv
ing a life sentence in the penitentiary and
dedicated to his brother serving a simi
lar sentence. Rev. Louis J. Sawyer will
give a short address on "The Christian
Knight." All seats In the hall will be
free to young men..
California-street M. E.— Morning. "The
First Congregational— Morning. "Of
More Value Than Many Sparrows": even-
Ing. "Go Show~These Things." Pastor,
Rev. George C. Adams.
First U. P.— Morning, "Consider the
Lilies"; evening "Seeking God." Pastor,
Rev. H. H. Bell.
The Second Unitarian Church, corner
Twentieth and Capp streets,' opens this
morning after its regular summer vaca
tion of sir weeks. The minister. Rev.
William Jay Hudson, has returned from
Seattle, •where he attended the coast con
ferences of the Unitarian churches. He
will preach at the morning sevice on "A
Pacific Coast Parliament of Rational Re
ligion." Services at other churches will
be as follows:
After Six Weeks' Vacation the Pas
tor Will Delfver the Morn
ing Discourse.
Justice Sir John Douglas Armour of
the Supreme Court of Canada, born in
Ontario on May 4. 1830, was. the young
est son of the Rev. Samuel Armour. He
¦was praduatcd from the University of
Toronto and was promoted to be presi
dent of the Court of the Queen's Bench
in 1S87. Last March he was appointed
one of the three Commissioners to rep
resent Great Britain on the Alaskan
Boundary Commission, which was to
have mot in London during the present
month. The ;• whole commission con
sists of six members, tnree chosen by
tfie United States and tnree by Great
Britain.
SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH
WILL OPEN THIS MORNING
Boundary Commission, who had
been 111 for some time and recently suf
fered a relapse, died at the London
residence of his son this morning, f
LONDON. July 11. — Justice Sir
John Douglas Armour of the
Supreme Court of Canada and
a member of the Alaskan
HEAT GIVES WAY
TO COOL AIRS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
27
PKAGEBS | PRAGEB3 I PBAGEB3. J PRAGEBS s
Lace and Embroidery Drive |^^a_ Drive in Women's Neck Ruffs
re 1 ;:, r F>?r 35 ?r ris °\ w v as > h Lac "« Ilh ;
i^&ts&srzff,, v srtss eJ 4&£fr*&*\4&&&W bU % Bk and whitc ' and whke s'r-
wide. Regular value ioc and i sc per yard. bWiIs Wl VS® BA &S Hx m !§&*& %''-- :^ «i os
J)c a yard-2500 yards of Black Silk Chan- ffl&BL JL LxLMMLSL IL J&M |?m for $2.33
tilly edgings and galoons 2% to 4^ inches mV^ y^TjMb*?' /^T 2 5c special-SHk* Stock " Colics, made of
g!S bS& J^SL, a^ to fa "g| 1 Il238-125OM^KET fflfl^— | b^f shapes and
GREEN The prices for this week of the great "INVENTORY DRIVE SALE" have been NATHAN
TRADING driven so. hard that greater bargains than ever will be offered. It is our policy not to rest on A - _,
STAMPS the saIes ' returns oi yesterday, even though tliey be great, but to continue with inducements HALE
G' Free ach day * Therefore {t can be counted upon as a certainty that the week beginning CIGARS
• <L tL t0 7 morrow w^^ see a^ manv ?j not more superb specials than were offered during the last 9
With Pur- six days. We are getting into a better position every day to give the very best values for the r o -
chases. least money of any store in this city. The introduction of Green Trading Stamps has been quite r c *
Ask the an accommodation and inducement to the thousands of families that are collecting them. Our BOX of
clerk for them goods sell at no more, and on many lines the prices are even lower than they formerly were. 100
when purchase The volume of business of this store has increased so enormously during the last few months c « _.
is being made. t } iat we C3lU a ff O rd to be satisfied with smaller profits. v $2.75.
Record Breaking Drive [ Some Wonderful Drives) Heavy Driving in Silks
in the Domestic Dept. fa our women's Great, am i D ress Goods.
July is always the month of big sales in this de- „ ClOaK Section. We are determined to make the sales fa this
partment and with the "INVENTORY DRIVE Here we show the present, selling price and the department larger than, any other, and beheve
SALE" larger reductions have been made and former selling price. The reductions in some cases we have selected the right goods and marked
greater inducements offered to the shopping are nearly one-half and each garment* is this prices low enough to crowd our counters with
public. We are prepared with a larger lead than Summer's newest* style and material. There are provident shoppers to-morrow,
vsual of remarkably desirable specials. hundreds of other bargains in this department - . SILKS
BLANKETS that are not, advertised that are equally as good. Extra heavy soft finished Peau de Soie—
Sample California Blankets One-Third Off. Women's Suits. . Outing Skirts. value * *** — 2 °- mc W1 • &« * a
2Q8 pairs of the finest Calif ornia Wool $1 S^d W to k '?f. S " « &.4» $1 r^d£°d e "o Cloth Bk 5& I.OO a yard—^4-inch width. Regular $1.35
Blankets, one and two pairs of a kind, sam- $12.00 Dre'as "suits, 're- $1.25 Poika""r>"ot Duck value.
pies "from the different, woolen mills. They .i^^D-Wsuitf 7 *^ Ji^Pni^ 00^ 10 -^ ?l. 25 a yard— 27-inch width. Regular $1.50
have a few iniDirfectipris and slightly soiled: . $1^edt" ...!».»% 'VkirtE^ucrt'to^ value.
$4.50 Blankets, a pair $».45 $20.00 Dress sutt».r£. .„. ... ....... *i.ss Special prices on. guaranteed Black Taffeta.
$7.00 Blankets, a pair $ 2^ ed D^ ' Suft" «- C3c a /ard - 10-inch width. Regular 75c
$10.00 Blankets, a pair ff>G. oO duced to *io.7& 91.45 value
trim TlianlrptB a nair JUT "Vl» $35.00 Dres3 Suits, re- $3.00 "White Pique Pklrts. "" _ _ _^ .
$12.00 Ulankets. a pair 'duced to *ao.oo reduced to...., «i. us Wnkt *?ilk<? at Half PriCP
~\ Cotton Blankets -Cray and White « — 1 VVaiSl OUKS OX nail iTlCC
/ 75c 81 OO - This is the great . feature for to-morrow^
, "¦¦BEDSPREADS *\ I W^d^SUr^ I I «***«* I -Q
' Only cood ones sold; they are nicely hem- $*.oo walking Skirt*, r*- duced to..?. f:? cu^ **^W pieces have been taken from stock
med: full size for double beds: « m w»ivVnV KkiJL "^ $1 i 25 J shlrt WailUl> B !?" and put on the bargain counters of this de-
$i..1S Spread for $1.OO duced to *a.8i> $1.75 shirt'waiats. re- partment. There are pieces in stripes, nar-
$1.75 Spread for $1.25 $7.00 Walking skirts, re- duced to... — $1.23 monious contrastine colors and solid colors,
$2.00 Spread for ?1.5O duced to • •; JM.«s . lawjhirt^ wai^ng with cord or fiKured overshot. These silks
$2.50 Spread for #1.75 ducerf to ¥«1S $30 ° shlrt " n ' alsts - «"- are just the thing for waists and suits, and at
$2.75 Spread for $1.95 ?12 . 50 walking skirts, re- $3 < B U o Ce ihir > r waYstf re- this season of the year are in great demand.
$.3.50 Spread for. tp2.7."» duced to $8.»o duced to 92.45 The regular selling price was $1.00 a yard, so
$4.50 Spread for ¦ ' ' •— ; ' it s attractiveness as a bargain is readily seen.
S^Otf^l^I CsIlf'^^C^ mV%1° 5^I\^I twit* IS
At Prices Driven to Lowest Limit
BUT ONE WEEK MORE of vacation remains and the important question of dressing the children is foremost with many parents. It is easy
enough to equip the youngsters for those who have unlimited means, but to do it well and economically is another matter. We believe that we are
in a better position to help you satisfactorily than any other store in this city. During this great Inventory Drive Sale, when our prices are
absolutely the lowest, there will be many splendid bargains in children's wear. For this week we have made a selection of the things we believe win
be most welcome at this time. - .
; /BOYS* SUITS
jtj — Knee pants school suits; two pieces. Made cf pure wool 65 — Two piece knee pants suits of cheviot3. tweeds, cassi-
*P cheviots and tweeds and were manufactured to our special %J»fir«VF** meres and worsteds. Ages 8 to 15 years. This special price
order. Ages 8 to 15 years. None worth less than $4.00. is $rj)O less than reeular value. .
«f» *% 09 1* ir 1 1 • • , , ,, . <t R^ — Dressv Norfolk stuts of pretty patterns and good woolen
§>3 £ 5~ Youths smts: cvery smt ls worth double the amount H>^«*~material3. Ages 5 to 12 years. They never sold for less
quoted, but they are a little soiled. Ages 15 to iq years. than $5.00.
overcoats waists. Bovs' Underwear
$2.50 —Tan top coats, made to fit perfectly. 20c —"Mother's Friend" flannelette waists. • NrSctKs
Ages 3 to 8 years. Regular $4.00 Just the thing for the boy to wear to _ . ''. _.„ ~T , *T"^ . * '
. values. school. Special for this week only. 3 IOr IOC — SlIk shieId bow ties - . /
$350 -Top coats for bovs from 3 »o 8 years. 45c —"Mother's Friend" waists in white 20c — A CTeat assortment of Windsor ties. r
of the latest cut and materials. Will and colored patterns. cmo-rc Anm«nunro«mAi>-
never droop or lose their shape. Worth $500. 45 C — K & E blouses in pretty patterns. , P 1? » •rt,^^^^7 ?? c-
PANTS ' With or without collar attached. 35C" "Boys silk bosom golf shirts. Sizes 13
40c —Knee trousers. Well worth 50c and 50c —"Mother's Friend" waists of very ' 4 tf 0I V? # * lo f 5I -«>-
are special for this week only. pretty patterns. These are- regular $1.00 50c — Gc J f shirts WJth coffs and two c«>"ars to
\ to 16 years. Worth 75c. 25c T T ? m - ° Shanters , ? f a " v:o ° l Venetian en. —Boys' colored stiff bosom shirtf -»
X_ T £ 14 ., ... t - cIot h »n red and blue. Regular price 50c.
75C ~Vr g T L a f I, v?rv m 25c -French caps with' black velvet crown 50c -Negligee shirts: extra quality.
v A . rials, iiiey are \ery serviceable. # and trimmed with bands of corded silk. 25c a garment— Boys' gray ribbed shirts and
70c —Long duck pants. Regular $1.00 values. Worth $1.50. drawers.
2C C — Good brown and black overalls in 50c —Poke bonnets made of heavy corded 50c a garment— Heavy wool fleeced shirts
all sizes. silks and velvet, in blue, pink, red and and drawers.
40c _Gray overalls, the kind that we have black - Many styles. 50c A'SSS^"^ ' SS .
WC been selling at 50c. Ages 3 to 14 years. 50c -Fancy hats of black velvet with shirred Qrii% ha £. nnjerwear. All sizes. :g>
«i so riDi v srHOOI DltESSES 05c rim of crj'stol silk. Colors, pink; blue. "3C —Kid Oloves: all sires.
Pla*^and Scd gi?ghanrTnd percale ]°f^ « d : R «»lar $2.00. fe.50 and $3.00 2SC -Boy,' Leather Belt,.
«SSSa w "S»45i iS/Sffi; d?Ip id hem : d SOc' -Venetian c.o.h and velvet T a m O'Shan- %' -Linen Col !a r 8: .j, . fet strIa . .,
lined waist ters in red and navy. ZJ>C — Link Cuff Buttons; a large variety.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IB. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
!0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. §
Adjoining- Call Building. Bj
I HONEST VALUE SHOES j
Midsummer Clearance h
Big l>arjra!ns in shoes this week. I
I Standard in ftylo and quality. B
Every purnmer we bunch our short K
end broken lines together and sell I
them at a prcat sacrifice, and this K '
will be vour lirst cliance to pick .
out iho extra p>>od v.iluos. So come ¦
<arlya:id pet fitted. I.^!.dies' fine lace [
Bhoea In I'iiick or tan vici kid, coin [
tors and Tips and military heels. >
ITILX. BE SOLD AT J^l'.a."* A i
PAIB. Kopular prices from $2.00 !
to J3..V). Sizes— |
A tt< *». 2^s to S^4 D Tride 6V4 to 9
H m-iii', - 1 - to R E wide. 7 to V S
Cwiie. Z'-j to 6 EE wide, 7>4 to 3 H
BARGAINS THIS WEEK I
o French Keel Oxfords |
3 A TRULY GREAT OFFER. La- m
M di*-s" finest fitting French heel Ox- t«
a ford Ties, made of black or tan |h
I vici kid. with coin toes< and tips g
and hand turned foles. WILL BE GE
CLOSED OUT AT $1.1 ."» AM
I" AIR. Regular price from $2.50 to n
J3.j<). Siz#s — R
AA wide. 4 to 6 C wide. 4 to «H |
A wi<3*. 3 to S I> » ide. 3*4 to 6 H
B wide. 3 to S E wide. 3>- to 7 H
AT :15c A PAIR we will close K
out our entire stock of Canvas Ox- H
ford Ties. Call and see if we have H
your size. jej
BARGAINS THIS WEEK I
i Spring Keel Lace Shoes |
LADIES'. MISSES' AND cHIL- 1
U DRL'X'S sjirir.g^.heel lac« and but- |
iton ehoes.. Broken lots in vici kid, 3
velour oiilf and tan vici kid. Just I
the s-hot-s for school. All mixed I
together and will be sold as fol- 3
Jcwc: Sizes 6 ! = to 11. FOR (Joe: I
sizes 114 to 2, FOR 7,"»c, and sizes 1
2 1 ! to 5V>, for 85c i
BARGAINS THIS WEEK g
It is conceded even by our com- n
petitors that THE PINGREE B
GLORIA S3.5O SHOES FOR B
WOMEN are the best on the mar- M
ket. Made up In patent leather, PI
vici kid and velour calf, and they |
combine every requisite that goes f
to make up a perfect 6hoe. We |
are pole acents. t
R V."e don't jruarantee to fill coun- E
H try orders en eale shoes. £
IB. KATSCHINSKI I
R Philadelphia Shoe Co. f 1
3 10 TSZBS ST., San Francisco. 5
EVERY WOMAN
___^ is interested and should knovr
about the wondcrfol
MADUCI WHIRLING
¦ u\ inAKi tL spkav
< . ';' Si V ¦ A. ¦ i a 1 be new VaslBal Syriscc
t v ". Vg; ',¦' -ca. Injection and Suction.
V V- v^^» ' ' r?**"* * • 1 best— Safest— Most Con-
Vj^C. OS* -^?Uw venient. ItCleacttl
i u , ' J '-^!». laittntly.
AtV rosr for tt. \,. f/Ssrr ~" »f>»^~ > ~
other, but krnJ mn>p lorfllut- v^ g *'£, f /,}\S
tnt'dhook— no»lrd. Itpi^ffwll } %. I "-/S
i»rtirul«Ti «nf* niT^-tinr* inriliabla W''/ ., fM
to!«<Jie- M.IRVKI. CO..
Room 203. Times Bdc. ICew Tork. v *"«ULi4^
V^ th^^J?SiL^Jfi?*»**22 Dr.Pierce'i Electric Tr «it
*ij**y££y x tE~f%&r \* * Mkrvtl. Nothing like
Ri^2S^^^3*>*^ It. UtstReUineroneirUi
H-^*///Xv^" * n^ * &*"*'"' Curt tor Knptore.
Yj 'im~ V^ World-renowned. 27impro»em ta.
\V__^N J ' If ruptured lnTestig-fcto at onoe.
•¦^ * c»n or write lor "iloow,Ei Ko. L"
MAC^EnC tTBL'SS C0« 33 West 24 Oi Street. New
fOCS. K- Y. or 206 Po«* Street, £*a Francisco, Oal.
+j*%SS&,* MEN AND WOMEN.
JBzSW* l •• i dmrt^i aUebw««t.iaCMumatip«i.
fc'SJ GaVaours Tg Jrriutioo* or ulcerationa
K*Cj mi u »trletor». cf DUCODil reerabrnitt.
E* *l f r .Kiu t»»t»rie». Pain<eM. and Dot attris*
gr>lTHtEr*K;C«WICtlC8. sent or pol«onon«.
\^> C.B.4. jfVVr or §ent in plain wr»rP«r.
JSHA tr exprew. r"P*'d. for
V^^tenC^y'fl ii i.oo. or s bottle I2.:s.
K Clrcalai- ttct on regnett
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. .
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
r&ESB AJTS SAZiT MEATS.
14 C RftVKC C rt\ Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA3. LUIC3 g tU. Clay! TeL Main 1294.
OFFICE, BASIC PUSXTZTXTKE, ETC.
CEO. H. FULLER DESK CO. &JM.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OlUi. LKOXARD tt VXAZh.
418 Froct at^ S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
7&XBTXYQ. •
L C HUfiHFS PRINTEB.
i§lil||§l|l||^ WE TRUST THE PE0PLE
i^ct cars i eac * '° ° ur s t° r9 -iS*
Country orders solfcitid.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
On call aiclub or cafe— or delivered In bottles to the home. These beers
?re TSUomparable in Quality and possesa a ># hop and malt flavor that evi-
dences absolute purity and "beer character. «,-,
Always the Same Good Old Blatz
m at-y a«Ai -r tfii/iAJP A Non-Intoxicant— For Tonic Purposes.
BLATZ MALT-VIVIIVE & Druggists. ,
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
5 abd T DrummSt. Sao FraocUco. Telephone Main 1646. Wholesale DealersNature seems to have provided that no
poison which acts externally shall hav«
any effect internally and vice versa. Thus
the most deadly snake venom can bo
swallowed with impunity, the Juice of thq
stomach presumably decomposing It and
rendering It harmless.
said that only 100 are sold to-day for every
500 that were disposed of In this country
years aeo. The demand fell off at one
time because people had become afraid to
buy them, they were so likely to die on
the purchaser's hands. When the de
mand increased again the supply had be
come Inadeauate. As a matter of fact,
it Is said, the popular Idea that these par
rots are delicate is a mistake, as they are
even hardier than the Mexican birds; but
they are usually not well cared for by
sailors on the voyage from Africa, on
which they are liable to contract blood
poisoning from improper food. Only about
1000 of them are now Imported here In a
year, and the average price for a young
bird is $15. In regard to their linguistic
abilities, the importer spoke of an Afri
can bird that la his own personal pet,
which, he said, talked fluently In English,
French, High German and Low German,
besides a little in Russian. For a tins
talker prices run up as high aa $1000,
a price which Is paid "perhaps once a
year." The payment of $300 for a highly
trained and accomplished talker Is saij
not to be uncommon.— New York Post.
The Parrot Trade.
Most of the 4000 or 5000 parrots that are
brought to this city every year are of the
sorts known as the "double-yellow-head"
and the "red-head." The former are the
best talkers, and as young birds sell for
$15 or' $20, while the red-heads fetch the
same price as the Cuban parrots.
The finest talkers— according to a dealer
who talked with a Post reporter the other
day— are the gray African parrots; but,
oithouarh thev are in eood demand, it im
A Philadelphia , school teacher tells of
these blunders of children in physiology
examination papers: "Occupations which
are injurious to the health are carbolic
acid gas. which Is Impure blood." "When
you have an illness It makes your health
bad, as well as having a disease." "A
stonemason's work Is Injurious because
when he is chipping he breathes In all the
little chips, and then they arc taken Into
the lungs." The word "function'.' seemed
to puzzle the children tremendously.
Questions containing the word i were an
swered as follows: "The skin discharges
a function called perspiration." "The
function of the heart Is between the
lungs." "The heart's function Is called
thorax."— Indianapolis New*/
Hard Words for Children.
The luxury of grief is indulged in by all
ages, but it Is doubtful if it is ever again
so much enjoyed as in childhood. A little
girl of most angelic disposition has just
given the whole thing away. She had
fallen on a brick walk and bumped her
chin. To her next door neighbor, who in
quired from the window some time after
ward if she had hurt herself badly, the
sufferer replied with a quivering lip: "Oh,
yes; I ought to be in the house crying
now!"— Boston Transcript.
The Luxury of Qrief .
Computed upon the basis of deposits
less those of $37,274,500 of public funds,
the surplus reserve is $17,325,100.
Circulation showed a comparatively In
significant Increase of $1100. The daily
average of bank clearings was $218,000,000,
against $274,000,000 in the previous week;
the decrease reflected the partial stagna
tion of speculation on the Stock Ex
change and also the ending of the semi
annual settlements for Interest and divi
dends, which contributed to the large avr
erage of clearings In the previous week.
The loans of the banks were $17,3S5 ,500
in excess of deposits, against $13,551,300 in
the week ending July 3. Comparisons of
loans show that six of the downtown
banks decreased this Item by the amount
of $8,300,000. Five of these Institutions
lost $9,200,000 of specie.
The loss of cash shown by the banks
was largely accounted for, however, by a
reduction of about $10,000,000 in the item
of specie by one of the banks; this most
likely reflected payments on account of
the subscriptions to the new stock of the
Pennsylvania Railroad.
Loans were last week decreased $7,915,
200, and 'the deposits were reduced by
$11,749,600. Adding to the decrease in loans
the loss of cash would call for a reduc
tion of $11,221,800 in deposits; the state
ment, therefore, was not far out of proof.
The required reserve was diminished by
$2,937,400 through the decrease In deposits,
and deducting this sum from the loss of
cash, leaves $369,200 as* the decrease In
surplus reserve; this item now Is $8,003,
400.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The Finan
cier says: The official statement
of the ' New York Associated Banks
last week showed a loss of $3,306,
600 cash, while the estimates, which were
based upon the traceable movements of
nioney during the week ending with
Thursday, indicated a net loss to the
banks of only $434,000. The discrepancy
between the amount of loss as disclosed
by the bank statement and the estimated
loss was in part due to the fact that the
estimates took no account of the with
drawals from the banks on Friday of
$2,840,000 gold for shipment to Europe on
Saturday: The discrepancy also was
probably caused by tho fact that the week
covered by the bank returns embraced
the six business days ending with Friday,
while the estimates covered the six days
ending with Thursday.
Estimate Made at the
Week's Close Is Par
Out of the Way.
BANK STATEMENT
SHOWS CASH LOSS
This brick was the result of a fourteen
days' run at the 200-ton cyanide plant of
the Spearfish Company on ore that assays
from $5 to $7 a ton. At this rate the com
pany is able to clean up- over $40,000 a
month. The Increase In the amount of
the clean-up Is attributable to greater
richness of the ore than formerly, and to
the fact that the company Is able with
experience to get a greater efficiency In
the milllne facilities.
A gold brick that in fineness is equal to
that deposited by the Spearflsh Company
has Just been brought down to the Dead
wood Standard Gold Mining Company. It
Is worth between $4000 and 55000, but in
its perfect proportions and the luster of
the metal it Is the Spearflsh bar repro
duced on a small scale. It represents a
two weeks' run at the 125-ton plant, on
ore identical in character with the Spear
fish ore, the two properties being adjoin
ing.—Minneapolis Journal. .
The largest and most perfect gold brick
to be received at the United States Assay
Office has been deposited at Deadwood,
S. D., by the Spearflsh Gold Mining and
Reduction Company, from the cyanide
mill in the limentone belt. It weighs 1175
ounces and is over 900 fine, being worth
approximately $22,000. It Is seldom, that
gold of such fineness is brought to the
Deadwood office from plants In the hills,
and, while the office has received bars
weighing about as much, they have not
possessed the same value or anywhere
near it. The gold is usually associated
with silver and copper. The last bar
from the Spearflsh weighs over ninety
pounds, troy weight, is well formed and
the gold is of a particularly bright yellow
color.
A Fortune in This Brick.
Professor Babinet has proved that com
«>ti«. instead of having a solid body with
a gaseous* tall, are much lighter in weight
than our air. Even if a comet were to
Ktrfkc the *-arth it would hardly penetrate
Its atmosphere.
United States Senator Daniel of Vir
ginia said In a recent speech at Baltimore
that the nineteenth century produced five
soldiers to whom the world has given the
title of great— Napoleon. Wellington, Von
Moltke, Grant and Robert E. Lee.
A mendicant who came along coolly
drank the oil, ate the wick and pocketed
the lamp. It is just as has long been sus
pected; The greatest corruption does ex
ist in China.— New Vork Commercial.
So it went on until something less than
the change for a dollar remained. This
was intrusted to a coolie, who with it
bought a small earthen lamp which he
lighted and set down on one of the thor
oughfares of Peking. . . '
These reserved two-thirds of what re
mained and handed on the rest to a still
less Important bunch with strict injunc
tions to provide for the lighting of Pe
king.
With the tortuousness that character
izes the Chinese, one-half of the whole
appropriation was reserved for himself by
the chief, official concerned. He handed
out the other half Ky a group of lesser
rank, and bade them see to the lighting of
the town.
The European colony in Peking has been
deeply shocked* at some revelations con
cerning the methods pursued by the native
municipal authorities when, order having
been restored there since the Boxer up
rising. It was decided to furnish light to
the city.
Street Lighting in Peking.
Whether the tribe would ever consent to
the partition of their lands is doubtful.
They are a proud race, Jealous of their
customs and civilization. They trade with
the white man, but never mingle with
him In intercourse. Few of them have
ever taken the trouble to learn English
or Spanish, preferring to use the sign
language whenever necessary, and are
generally able to make themselves under
stood In this for all trading purposes.
What their life 13 In the recesses of the
reservation nobody here can tell. They
have not taken to the vice of drink,
which dominated other tribes, and refuse
to take the charity of the white man, re
ceiving the allowances from the Govern
ment only as payment for the lands that
have been taken from them. The men are
generally over six feet in height, tall,
straight and handsome, while some of the
young squaws have rare natural beauty —
New York Times.
Other men are said to have entered the
reservation and penetrated for a uay a
Journey, ooly to be met by tribesmen and
told in the language of signs that they
must turn back. They were escorted out to
the edge of the reservation, perhaps with
only enough of their .property left to
make it certain that they could reach
some ranch In safety, and warned never
to return.
There are traditions about men who
have ventured to explore the Navajo
country and get some of the gold that
Is believed to lie there in the beds of
streams. There is one that a prospector
once did find the mines of the chiefs
and returned to civilization with a burro
laden with gold, which brought him thou
sonds of dollars. He fell into the hands
of the gamblers here and lost his money
and set out again to duplicate the feat.
Within a month a Navajo came to Flag
staff wearing a hat like that worn by the
prospector, and persons who visited the
agency told of other Indians who had a
saddle and other possessions that seemed
very similar to those that had been
taken away try the venturesome prospec
tor. Nothing was ever heard of him and
the Indians always professed ignorance
of any visit when asked about hin f**«
The Navajoes, however, are extremely
jealous of their lend. They have been ap
proached at times by men who wished to
buy the privilege of exploiting their
mines, but the head men of the tribe have
always placed an emphatic veto on all
such schemes. They have paid constantly
that if the white men should once learn
of the riches In the mountains they would
take away the land from the Indians. In
consequence the only trading that the
tribe does with outsiders is in Navajo
blankets, which are woven by the women.
The gold and silver they mine Is beaten
into fantastic shapes with great skill and
worn by tribesmen. When the Navajo
takes a trading pilgrimage, however, he
lays aside hia riches and appears only' in
In the clothes of white cotton stuff, using
one of the blankets made by the squaws
to keep him warm. Asked of his wealth
he draws himself up to his full height of
six feet or over and gives reply only with
a contemptuous stare.
It is probable that at the coming ses
sion of Congress a movement will be in
augurated for the removal of the Navajo
Indians from the great reservation in
Northeastern Arizona. For years men
who wish to make fortunes in mining
have been looking with longing toward
the lands held by this tribe and it is now
hoped to interest President Roosevelt in
a plan to set aside certain valleys in par
tition to the Indians and throw open the
mountains to the prospectors.
There has always been resentment
among the citizens of Flagstaff because
one of the richest parts of thefTerritory
was sot apart for the redraen. This feel-
Ing has not been diminished by the fact
that the chief men of the Navajo tribe
and their so-called princesses exhibit u.t
the settlements at times bridles, saddles
and clothing weighted down with gold
and silver, which they admit have been
taken from mines on the reservation.
Far away In the middle of the tract
they hold can be seen a high mountain
which shines brightly on a sunny day as
it rises abruptly from the plain, and tra
dition that comes from the Indians says
that in this are found rich veins of sil
ver. It is called Silver Mountain because
of this fact. On a clear day it can be
seen for a hundred miles In Utah, Ari
zona, New Mexico and Colorado, and
many are the men. eagerly hunting for
gold and silver, who have looked at it
and wished that they might explore its
recesses.
EFFORTS TO MOVE
NAVAJO INDIANS
The ladies of San Francisco have last
wc.k been benefited by the big bargains
offered at Kelly & Liebes' great removal
sale at 120 Kearny street. For this week
new lines of cloaks and suits will again
be sold at a great sacrifice. Those J1.00
and $1.50 shirt waists are going rapidly
at 50 cents.
Cloaks and Suits That Sell Fast.
Payne said that tho incident of Mad
den's publication of a communication re
flecting on. other officials in connection
with charges against the registry con
tract may be regarded as closed. He had
received a letter from Madden in reply to
a request of the Postmaster General for a
letter of explanation of the circumstances
attending the publication, but the letter
was not to be given out at present.
The Postmaster General added that in
spectors had not reported on the investi
gation of the manifold contract affair.
BALTIMORE, July 11.— In the United
States Court here to-day Judge Morris re
fused to quash the indictments of C. Ella
worth Upton and Thomas W. McGregor,
charged with participation in the mail
pouch frauds. The court held that "the
motion does not set forth facts of suffi
cient moment to allow of such extreme
measures as setting aside the findings of
the Grand Jury."
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Postmaster
General Payne to-day said that the end of
the postofflce Investigation was in sight.
"I am unable," he said, "to fix any par
ticular date when the investigation will be
completed, but matters have progressed
to the extent where I can see an end to
the laborious work."
The lieutenant's plea of- guilty was
withdrawn, the magistrate dismissed the
charge and the couple will sail for their
native country to-day.
"Now they have received a remittance
from home and 1 have raised additional
funds, which will enable them to sail at
once for home."
"He had a prescription for his wife that
he could not get filled. The medicine
would have cost only 15 cents. Being des
perate he took a blanket from the rooms
where he and his wife were staying to a
pawnshop. All he asked on the blanket
was 15 cents, just enough to buy the med
icine.
"When his money was gone his wife
became ill and he tried to get employ
ment as a teacher of languages. He was
in debt to his landlady and his sixteen
trunks had been held up at one boarding
house. It was impossible for him to get
a cent. He had been getting money from
home, through the German Consul, but
the remittance had failed to come.
NEW YORK, July 11.— Stealing a blan
ket to buy 15 cents' worth of medicine for
his bride, instead of meaning prison for
him, has brought money, friends and a
trip home to Lieutenant Friedburg, for
merly an officer in the Germany army.
The lieutenant was arrested a few days
ago on the charge mentioned. He admit
ted the theft and the case was held up
ponding investigation of his story. AVhen
it was called again a probation officer
said to the magistrate: "The prisoner
was a lieutenant in the German army on
furlough. I rind that he is of excellent
family and ha3 a splendid record at home.
His lather is colonel of an infantry regi
ment stationed at Hanover and when this
young man came here with his bride
early in the year he had plenty of money.
Assistant Madden Makes Ex
planation Satisfactory
to His Chief.
Friends Induce New York
Courts to Free Him and
He Goes Home
German Army Officer
Steals to Raise Price
of Medicine.
Payne Says Investiga
tion Soon Will Be
Completed.
BECOMES THIEF
FOR WIFE'S SAKE
PAL SCANDAL
NEARS THE END
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903,
28
APVEBTISEJEEITTS. —
¦ ' "" ' ¦ ¦» I I I |1 . l_. - II ¦ ...... I ¦¦
Our Great Annual
REMNANT SALE
BEGINS TO-MORROW
Every department represented— Silks, Dress Goods, Ready Made Wear, Laces, Ribbons,
Sheets, Pillow Cases, Lace Curtains, etc. We will sell with absolutely no regard to value and
have cut many prices far under cost.
This is without a doubt the most sensational sale of remnants ever conducted in this city.
Doors open at 8 130 a. m. to-morrow. Extra help in all departments.
Ready=to=WearfioodsDept. Dress Goods. Remnants of Silks.
EXAMINE SUITS — Fancy REMNANTS OF FRENCH PONGEE SILKS— Corded stripe
trimmed; full-flare skirt; colors, CHALLIES— Were all wool; -fr- rt e. TO inrhe* wide- 60c aualitv-
black and navy blue. Regular $25.00 32 inches wide; rosebud patterns; cffect5 ' inches wide, ooc quality,
suits, during the rem- <£iO Cfl lengths are from 2V2 to 10 yards; vei T desirable for waists, gowns,
nant sale, each <pl^»tJU a big bargain during remnant OSZr* children's dresses, etc.: thev wash
WALKING SUITS— In tan, gray sale, a yard/. OOL> perfectly. Your pick from OQc
or brown; a miscellaneous assort- REMNANTS IN GENUINE the remnants, a yard
ment of odd lines that have been ENGLISH ALPACAS— A grand LOUISINE SILKS — Hair-line
selling for $20.00 During flg r/1 value at 75c; navy, royal, blue and t • d ff t . IQ inchcs wide . six
remnant sale, each .V^'OV black only; a very glossy finish and str 'P c . a cncci / IQ incncs , ac ' 3 ' x
CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS-A11 just the thing for seaside or trav- colonngS i of the 75c quality. In
wool; fancy trimmed; up-to-date eling suits, bathing costumes, etc.; remnant lengths, during the OGq
styles; blue only. An $8.00 skirt to 46 inches wide. Remnants from sale, a yard v^w
be closed out during rem- qj OC 2]/ 2 to 10 yards long will be O{\~ CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
na Sr S A a rV aC c h A S ; S?' S *"b™? s °y for> a yard ' • • • ' SILK-Heavy corded stripe effects;
BLACK SATEEN PETTI- RFMNANTS OF VOIT F FTA- « i- • l. a
CO ATS-Accordion pleated ruffles; MINES^All wool- silver £ays ?> 5C qUahty: I 9 i™*" *^
extra quality of sateen; regular $1.50 }U^7^tnl%L.&M™£ l^T, ylrd *™ 59C
value. During remnant sale, QCZq blacks and cream; 38 inches wide p . ' y
each :.-....... aml the 7 - c Kra( j e Remnants from ifi'Iiil r«*^«* f m,r\*c-
Waists. at to a "ard rds lonk to be sold 49 c ' es ts, Corset lovers.
SILK WAISTS— Peau de soie; WHITE OX FORD* CHEVIOTS CORSET COVERS— Embroid-
tucked front and back; full pouch — Small neat patterns: in dice and erytrimmed; well made of good
sleeves; regular $5.00 value. Dur- stripe effects; fully mercerized; from material; the 40c kind. Dur-
ing remnant sale.flji QC 28 to 32 inches wide and reerularlv j n g remnant sale, each JiOU
each yy&»2s*J worth 60c a yard. Anv remnant t anTPt; 1 T t«;t "P vfst^
MERCERIZED WAISTS— in the lot while they last, a <?0_ „, T ,_• -7 uT t^
Black and white checked effects; yard JS^C Sleeveless; white, pink or blue; sold
full pouch sleeves; $1.25 waist. D2Lt.«*. D AMM ««,4~ regularly for 35c each. Dur- 1Q r
During the remnant sale. QZq K1DD0I1 itcflUKUltS. ing remnant sale, each *-^**
"colored" 'madras 'shirt B A f Ns^- SE Sh« SH a R fin<; fine Fmm filnves
watctc TnrVpfl fmnt and Wk* *» UiN:5 — 3 incnes "wiae. a nne Ullw 11U11I U1UVW3*
\\ Alb lb— lucked tront and DacK. ] t ribbon; worth i.,c a yard. ;•£,-.££
regular value, 85c. During c Jn remnant len ths> a Q KID GLOVES-2-clasp gloves
remnant salc. each.......... d «/C and just the thing for vacation wear;
EMBROIDERED YVAlblb — TAFFETA WASH SASH RIB- have been selling at 8=;c a pair. A
Tucked front and back, bRful B ONS— 7 inches wide; plain or good assortment— good colors-
pouch sleeves; a great value at f / - b In rem- iq^ large ci zes _ t o be closed out
$1.25. During rcranan^sale^pj^ nant y ", en g hSf a yard MC during the remnant sale at. g Q
For Hoiisekeeoers Miscellaneous. a par
IIUCK TOWELS-X* inches; H^ D N K C E^ CHIEFS^ a/ o M^2 CflSlli011 C0VefS -
plain white^and I white with red bor- f^ffA CUSHION COVERS-Stamped
i'mnant l& each 10 C great value for 2 ,c. A few*?',- on canvas for couchin* The ,^
mi?ArHrn * 9HFFT<llInniihle left for remnant sale. Each. i^C 50c kind tor remnant sale *«**¦'
widthftv^Swaysb^n selling reg- PEAU DE SOIE BELTS-Verv STAMPED CUSHION COV-
ularly for 55c. A great bargain for ?** for summer wear; the tfc ERS-In Oriental designs: flowers,
remnant sale while they last. ?Q n kin £ remnant sale price, jg smokers, Dutch figures and college
each uyC each 1^1* tops. Reduced from 50c for j F _
PILLOW "CASES— Vwe'inches: C j IAI^ BA °S— Black or col- remnant sale to. each 4OU
hemmed and well finished: good °red; K° Id mountings: worth 73c: IMITATION BURNT LEATH-
muslin: have been selling at. i2^c reduced for remnant sale to. g£ c ER CUSHION COVERS —
each. During remnant sale, ft _ e^Vcu'pArTiiJc'Tn"" -*-a. Stamped- in conventional desiams;
each '2C WASH COLLARS-In assorted ho £ mok coll and q^
Embroideries and Laces. |ggp5|ggffc ggg^^^
-l? r \rJ E^; G oi LL^ s o Notion Department. notice -no samp.es
A3 *. q "^:*J9c R 7 m O n ? n T H «a.e B prVci H^h-:::? Sg sent to any one. Order
waistings— Of chiffon and •. }f c goods direct and at once.
silk applique; 20 inches wide. Was SPUN GLASS LINING — The ie nn *. c«itic?or*-rk^v i»/^
¦ $4.00 and S5.00 a yard, qj nr 20c kind: remnant sale price. /?i_ ". " Ot ff SflUSiaCtOPy we
Remnant sale price, a yard <J>l»sr0 a yard i^2C will refund money.
Taffeta Wash ™^™^"^™^^«™^™^^^»
during 'the 25c <dLLQg~ lo7 ' l < )9 POST ST. . TT^^^^^tiiftgTiwiiai a 70 C
tale, a yd. "~*^ yard ¦ •* •*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Why Are
Diamonds
So Brilliant?
Because they are the hardest mineral
known to nature. Science has proven
that they are of. a carbonaceous origin
and at some period have been subjected
to an intense heat and pressure.
The Sapph-Diamond is constructed as
near on the same lines as it is possi-
ble to follow nature. Sapph-Diamonds
are cut by diamond workers ¦^exactly
the same as the Renuine and have that
prismatic fire so characteristic of the
diamond. Never sold under electric
lights. ...Their hardness is a guarantee of
the retention of luster.
Positively sold only in stores under
the direction of ¦
J. C. DAVIDSON.
World's greatest diamond imitator.
Catalogues, San Francisco Store. 124
Kearnv Street
TjwjurdBnof Twenty Years 1
i ' ' */-" T^&lljPE- -"I-* *ij Mr< Frederick Meyer, who (or the past
wFmmtifflm seven years has been employed at Mills
r ' BW^'-Si^H^^I^ CoJlege( l^ who is we " known *° a "
R ' ] \^pT'4 '^SkS^^J e res^ en * s °f Afaroeda County in the
f - 'i' " ,* >tP ; k^J^fMi^Si neighborhood of the College, tells of
IHHBLL^bBHHH Ms care by Electro-Chemistry after
m». ranDxaicx vsnx, many years of suffering.-
atllli College, Aluned* County, Cal.
Mr. Meyer eayi: "I am now alxty-six years old — for many years I
have suffered from catarrh. Lately my lungs have been so affected that
I felt a heavy weight on them, and my breathing -was heavy and asthmat-
ic The disease haa affected my eyesight and my bearing. It caused
a cough with pains in my chest and under my shoulder blades. I also
suffered from rheumatism.
"I had taken medical treatment for years that did me no good, but
which almost ruined my stomach. I began the Electro-Chemic treatment
on June 2 and took it daily In the office for five weeks, and, wonderful to
relate. I feel twenty years younger and entirely free from my. former
suffering.
"My lungs are free, my cough is gone, my breathing is natural, with
not a touch of asthma. I can see better and can hear better than I have
been able to do for a long time. My appetite is good and my food agrees
with my stomach and my bowels are regular. During my five weeks of
treatment at the Institute I never took a dose of medicine, and my treat-
ment from first to last was painless and entirely free from all disagree-
able features; in fact it was a pleasure each day to take it. for I felt bet-
ter after every application. I gladly recommend this new treatment to
all sufferers.
"(Signed.) FREDERICK MEYER, Mills College. P. O.. Alameda Co..Cal."
XT XS BECAUSE OF SUCH CUKES AS THESE THAT THE EX.EC-
TEO-CHEMIC TBEATMSn XS BECOMING SO FOFUZ.AK. XT XS BE-
CAUSE Or SUCH CUBES THAT I THE FHTSXCXAZTS OF TEE ELEC-
TEO-CEEM1C INSTITUTE ASS WOEIIKO OVEBTIME EVEB.Y DAT
OF THE YEAE.
FREE ELECTRO-CHEMIC X-RAY EXAMINATION.
If you have a suspicious lump or sore. If you fear It may be CANCEK,
come at once for free examination. If you have a cough, if you have pains
in the chest or under the shoulder blades, if you suspect CONSUMPTION,
find it out as soon as possible by having this free examination at once.
If you are DEAF come in and find out whether or not there is any hope
from treatment. This fre« examination will tell. If you have a pain in
the back, if you have spots before the eyes with pains in the head you
may or you may not have HEIGHT'S DISEASE or DIABETES. Any dis-
ease of the kidneys should be discovered ns early as possible, so if you
fear a kidney complication bring in a small bottle of morning urine and
we will analyze it for you free of charge. If you are a WOMAN and
fear the necessity of a surgical operation, don't consent to it until you
have had an tlectro-Chemic X-Ray examination. Come now while it is
free. ]£lectro-Chemistry keeps women off the operating table.
If you have PILES or any disorder of the STOMACH, LIVER or BOW-
ELS, remember that doctoring with medicines usually makes these troubles
worse, whereas Electro-Chemistry cures them quickly and gives the or-
gans a rest from absorbing strong medicines. Come in for free examina-
tion. ME1T suCering rrom Weakness. Varicocele, Stricture. Specific Blood
Poison and all >.ervo-vital disorders should come for examination and ad-
vice while it is free. Separate apartments are maintained for the accom-
modation of men and women, and all sufferers are invited, especially
those who have tried in vain to be cured by the older methods of medical
treatment.
HO/VIE TREATMENT.
. have^L most successful home treatment and we loan an expen-
sive Electro-Chemic apparatus to our out-of-town patients, free of charge
\\e advise all those who live at a distance to try and pay one visit to
the Institute for personal examination. Most patients can return home
the same day. taking a course of home treatment along. Many "would
find a great advantage during the heated term in the interior spending a
few weeks in San Francisco where the weather Is always cool and pleas-
ant. Such patients could have daily office treatment while in the city
Those who cannot come are advised to write a short history of principal
symptoms and instructions for home treatment will be forwarded.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE,"^ 111^^^
ornc* Hours— 3 a. m. to S p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. dally; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
8I8-82O /AAPKfT 5T.. 3AK FRANQSCO.
i
Well, you bargain seekers,
don't you look any further.
Why? Because we just
have a few specials; and they
make other dealers guess
how we do it. It's very sim=
pie. WeMI tell you. We are
selling you these Leaders at
our cost price.
It costs I2c-Maline Veiling, all colors. We
are selling it to you for 12c yard.
25c pair, cut in half, below our cost. They
were regular 50c values. Ladies' black and
white Silk Taffeta Gloves, and only about 100
pair left.
For Two Bits- It's our regular 50c quality
Ladies' Neckwear. An exquisite assortment
and they're of the latest designs, too, ]ust fresh
from the factory.
Yes, 20 % Off, and ask for it, see that you
get it, on all Ribbons that we are already selling
at cost.
50c am 75c Books ditto 25c
The following f]. p.-tnt clothbound book*, some handFom*ly illustrated, on sale. — .%<•
earli- All Aboard. Daniel Deronda. l:i Cupid's Chalno. Bar Sinister. Green Mountain
Bey* Just a Gir!. At L.ove"s Cot>t. Heart for Heart. Th«- Little Minister. David Copper-
field. The Finite. Under Two Flags. Black Rook, The Lost Heir, She Trusted Him, Rob
liny Vanity Fair. Vtllette. SuF^ense, Marmlon, Prisoners and Captives, An Innocent
Girf Cranford. rndlne. Hiawatha. Omar Khayyam, House or the Wolf, Sir Roger de
Coverly. Hyperion, and 200 other title*.
;::r trunks J Zf Salc of Baskcts
. , For this week cut prices on baskets, ko
Net one ppecial. but a score of special handy for picnic*, etc.
prices' We carry the largest stock and Telescope Baskets. 15c, 20c, 2,'p,
|«, a^ortmrr,. ; top% our Mne and «* *£•£*£ £ «£*
our prices. It m*>ans a eavlng to you of l.Vin.. 25c; 17 In.. .'15<«: 19 In.. 43c; 21
2<» per cent. Trunks at ft-tO'or *s low in., 47c. Rattan Overland launch Uas-
Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired.
PICTURE FRAMES of All Descriptions MADE TO ORDER
ADVERTISEMENTS.
yy#^ The .^%^*y-
& Good tone depends upon a good ?cale, sonndinc board, ac- 1& :
ma tion, strings and hammers. If any of these are defective the tone fe§
n will not be richt. In other words the mechanical part of a piano li
tq must be correct before the piano can have artistic value.
I The Ludwig Piano 1
H Has won its world-wide reputation by reason of its superior con- |il
H struction. The materials in it are of the best qualitv. it is put f^
H together with the greatest care and thoroughly tested before it M
Eg is allowed to leave the factory. Every Ludwie must meet a cer- M
B* tain standard of excellence. • |>i
H Our liberal terms on the Ludwig cannot" fail to meet your jffl
H HIGH GRADE PIANO DEALERS |]
I 931=933 Market Street I
H SAN FRANCISCO. M
l| Branch, corner Ninth and Broadway, Oakland. jfflBULLET IN BOY'S BRAIN SEEMS
TO SHARPEN MENTAL FACULTIES
Commencing July 12 and for five days
thereafter the Santa Fe will sell round
trip tickets to the principal Eastern cities
at very low rates. These tickets will be
good to return within ninety days- and
allow stopovers anywhere. Parties de
siring to take advantage of the reduced
rates should make sleeping car reserva
tions at once. Information regarding
tickets," through car accommodations.
checking baggage, etc., at €41 Market st. •
Reduced Round-Trip Rates Via
Santa 'Je.
were notable examples of engineering
work, and a modern engineer might be
proud of executing them. But it must be
remembered that they were done , very
leisurely, and that labor was abundant.
With' the %lmple appliances that we may
assume the Egyptians possessed, such as
wedges, levers, ropes and pulleys, great
weights may be handled if we suppose
that time was no object. The city of
Thebes was in course of building two
thousand years, and In" such a place it
would excite little. comment if a year was
spent in putting an obelisk Into position.
If a weight can be'moved at all, no mat
ter, how little, It can be transported any
distance, provided the v same conditions
persist for the whole route.— London En- i
gineerlng . '.' ' J
Australia and New Zealand have ninety
and one-half million sheep, whioli is just
one and a half "times as many as the
whole of the United States possesses.
DENVER. July 11.— Miss Marie Mur
phy of Pontiac, 111., whose clothing be
came limited on the street in this city
yesterday and who' was terribly burned,
died from her injuries this morning. .Opin
ions differ as to whether the flre . was
caused by stepping on a match or from
a nail In the heel of her shoe producing
a spark by striking the stone sidewalk.
Her father. John S. Murphy, a banker
of Pontiac, arrived from Glenwood
Springs to-day.
Peculiar Cause of Death.
Ileald's Business Cdllego has purchased
sixty more Remington Typewriters, in
cluding all of the latest Remington at
tachments,- such as card cylinders, poly
chrome ribbons, dry goods billing and in
surance specials, etc.
The Remington Typewriter people at 22S
Bush street are to be congratulated, as
this is the largest order for writing ma
chines over placed on the Pacific Coast.
Large Order.
BERLIN. July 11.— A medical writer in
the Frankfurter Zeitung gives some cu
rious particulars about .he white lines
which cross finger nails. These are signs
of disturbance In ' the organism at the
time they were formed. They often form
during serious illness. The proportion of
normally constituted persona who have
these lines on their finger nails Is from 10
to 11 per cent, while 46 per cent of crimi
nals have them, 47 per cent of the demi
monde, 43 per cent of idiots and 50 per
cent of lunatics. Sufferers from melan
cholia show a large percentage, but the
larxeqt percentage— 75— is among those
who are periodically dangerous lunatics.
The writer comes to the conclusion that
these lines denote some degeneracy of the
upper nervous system; that they are not
purely physical, but are connected with
physical, moral and Intellectual change.
Are Marks of Degeneracy.
A still more difficult undertaking was
the great obelisk now standing beside
the Church of St. John Lateran, ln Rome,
with a height of 108 feet and a weight of
450 tons. But the crowning example of
Egyptian engineering was the colossal
statue of Rameses II at Thebes. Before
it was broken It was a single block of red
granite sixty feet in height, and it has
been computed to weigh 887 tons. These
The matter in which they excelled was
the transportation and manipulation of
heavy weights, a feat th^k appeals strong
ly to the lay imagination. Among the
chief examples of such work are tho col
umns of the temple of Karnak. To cut
a block of stone in a distant quarry, to
work it to a cylinder twelve feet in diam
eter float it down the Nile, land it and
place it on the top of a column of similar
stones, making a total height of sixty
feet, was no small enterprise.
Further, there Is a tradition that in the
dim past the Nile flowed at the foot of tn e
Libyan Hills, and that It was diverted
from that course to its present bed, and,
if the account be true, the work was of
enormous magnitude. The engineers of
the past directed the forces of nature on
a large scale, but to compare their work
with ours to their advantage "Shdws a
complete Ignorance of the science of en
gineering.
When the "laudator temporis act!"
wants to silence the engineer he says:
"After all, Egypt can show the biggest
engineering works in the world, and they
are all four thousand years old. When
you can surpass them, you will have
something to boast of." It is undoubtedly
true that Egypt contains the largest
structures in the world, and probably will
for all time. It is not likely that we shall
again see a building with 7,000,000 tons of
stone In It, as has the pyramid of Gizeh,
and it will be long before we have an irri
gation reservoir of greater capacity than
Lake Moerls, which, accepting the figures
of Major Brown, R. E., held 11,800,000,000
cubic meters (tons) of water between high
and low water marks. What the Laby
rinth was like we do not really know, but
Herodotus classed it as a greater wonder
than the pyramids, although lesser than
Lake Mocris.
According to the French leveling, the
height' of Niton above the sea at Mar
seilles Is 373.63 ; meters: according to the
Italian leveling, its height above the
waters surrounding Italy is 373.76 meters;
Four countries. France. Italy, Austria
and Germany, have each run lines of
leveling across their domain from the sea
to the frontier of Switzerland. Tha re
sults obtained have now been discussed
in an exhaustive monograph by J. HI1
fiker. ¦ In this discussion he conclusively
deduces ¦ the following figures for the
height of the stone of Niton above mean
sea level:
Ho reached this result by subtracting
from 1609.57 meters, the height of Chas
6eral above the sea, as determined , by
Echmann, 1232.71 meters, which was the
difference between the height of Chas
seral and the bolt at Niton. The figures
for the elevation above the sea of all the
mountains in the country were based upon
this determination of the height of the
stones of Nitron above the sea.
More exact means of determining ele
vations above sea level have been "de
veloped. The first great lines of level
ing were carried out by Bourdaloue ln
France in 1857-64, when j his levelings ag
gregated a length of over 6200 miles.
The art of making extremely accurate
levelings has improved as observers have
gained experience and their instruments
have been perfected so that for the exact
determination of elevations above sea
level, lines of leveling are now regarded
as more satisfactory than the best sur T
veying instruments in the hands of the
most skilled engineers."' :
For many years the basal point from
which all heights in Switzerland have
been determined has been a bronze bolt
which General Dufour affixed to one of
these rocks in 1820. Colonel Siegfried fig
ured out in 1879 that the actual height of
this point above mean sea level was 376.86
meters. .
In the port of Geneva, a little southeast
of the Jardin Anglais, are two erratic
blocks firmly bedded in the bottom of
the lake and projecting a little above
the water. They are known as the Plerres
de Niton, and it is said that in Roman
times sacrifices were offered up to Nep
tune upon them.
Surpassing Skill of the
Designers in Days
of Ptolemy.
Remarkable Concord
ance of Four Sets
' of Observations.
EGYPT'S WORK
IN ENGINEERING
REAL HEIGHT
OF THE ALPS
The affectiqn between the gray-haired
old man and the white hen is picturesque,
and Mr. Hitchcock stoutly affirms that
he'd rather have his hen than the best
dog or cat that everj lived.
The bird le a Leghorn and the only sur
vivor of a flock of five purchased many
years ago for Mr. Hitchcock's son. As Mr.
Hitchcock fed the hens this bird began to
become attached to him, and for the past
eight years the two have become Insep
arable. She Is pure white and keepa her
self in a shimmering, spick and span con
dition most of the tim«.
Marcus »T. Hitchcock of Springfield,
Mass., who has just celebrated his eighty
sixth birthday, has for his special pet a
hen 16 years old.
The hen is constantly with Mr. Hitch
cock and shows a great fondness for him.
She will follow him about, come instantly
when he calls, and coddle herself content
edly down by his side. She will fly to his
shoulder and eats from his hand. '
When she has a family of chickens she
is very proud to display them to her mas
ter. She has Just become the mother of
seven chicks, which she fusses and fumes
over as much as a young mother with her
first brood.
One 16 and Other 86 Years Old.
Close Companions for
Eight Years.
HEN AND OWNER
ARE INSEPARABLE
About "Tennessee's Pardner."
J. A. Chaffee. famous as the- original of
Bret Harte's pathetic story, "Tennessee's
Pardner." has been placed In a sanator
ium at Oakland. Cal. Chaffee has lived
since 1349 in a small Tuolumne County
mining camo with his partner. Chamber
lain. In the early days he saved Cham
berlain from the Vigilance Committee by
a plea to Judge Lynch when the Vigil
antes had a rope around the victim'*
throat. It was the only case on record
in the county where the Vigilantes gav«
way in such a case. Chamberlain was
acccsed of stealing the miners' gold, but
Chaffee cleared him. a^ every one believed
Chaffee. The two men then settled down'
to live where they have remained ever
since, washing enough placer gold to
maintain them. Both are over 80.—In
dianapolis News.
A New Mosquito Bane.
The virtues of the species of basil (ocy,
mum viride), now known as the mosquito
plant, are attracting attention ln Ens
land. An army officer has recently given
a growing plant to the botanical gardens
at Kew. He obtained it ln Nigeria, whern
he says it Is known to drive mosquitoes
from Its neighborhood, and the native 1
i:se an infusion of Its leaves as a curj
for .' malarial fevers. Its virtues ar«
known ln India also, as a border of It wa*
planted around the Victoria Garden, In
Bombay, because the workmen were pes.
tered by mosquitoes and suffered fronj
malaria. As soon as the hedge was com.
pleted the mosquitoes left, and there waj
no more malaria among the workmen.—
Indianapolis News.
the Austrian levelings give a height of
373.72 meters above the sea at Trieste.
The German levelings show a netgnt of
373.43 meters above the sea at Swine
munde.
The average of these four determina
tion gives the height of the bolt affixed
to the stone at Niton as 373.53 meters
above the mean height of the waters
washing the coast of Europe, with a pos
sible error of .07 of a meter.
The height of all the mountains of
Switzerland, according to the figures now
printed, must thus be reduced by 3.3
meters In order to make the figures con
form with the present determination of
sea level. Dr. E. Hammer, the well
known geographer of Stuttgart, who has
carefully examined the work of Mr. Hll
fiker, is of the opinion that for geograph
ical purposes this is the nearest approxi
mation that need ever be> made.—Balti
more American.
The Professor's Experiment.
"Whenever you come across any dis
eased pork," said the professor who was
looking for trichina to experiment on ln
his laboratory, "please send it down to
me."
The butcher promised to do so. Not
having received any by the end of the
week, the. professor called again to re
mind the .butcher of his promise. . :'-O v
"Why, I did send some." said the
butcher.
"That Is strange! When did you send
it?"
"Day before yesterday."
"Where did you send it?"
"Down to yeur house, of course."— New
York Press.
Harry Lawson, eldest son of the new
peer, takes a very active part in the edi
torship of the Daily Telegraph, and his
wife, Mrs. Harry Lawson, is one of the
most popular women in London society.
Sir Edward Levy Lawson Is the owner
of a splendid country seat at Beacons
field, called Hall Barn, where he has fre
quently entertained royalty. Among the
many treasures which Hall Barn contains
Is the famous dagger which Burke flung
on the floor of the House of Commons to
testify his abhorrence of the principles of
the French Revolution. It is a mere toy
affair, made of wood, which was sent
from France to Birmingham as a pat
tern.
LONDON, July 11.— Of all the birthday
honors announced recently, the peerage
bestowed on Sir Edward Levy Lawson
fs undoubtedly the most popular. It Is a
recognition of the influence of Journalism
in public life and a personal tribute to
the proprietor of a paper, the Daily Tele
graph, which has always been in close
touch with the great middle class of the
country-
Elevation of Proprietor of London
Daily Telegraph Meets With
Popular Approval.
NEW PEERAGE A TRIBUTE
PAID TO PUBLIC PRESS
Master Mains was out shooting on April
33 a year ago in company with his friend
Charley Green. They had one parlor rifle
between them, and for the lack of birds
and something else to do Master Green
aimed the gun at his friend's head and
fired. The shot took Mains squarely in
the middle of the forehead, and in' a lit
tle while after he was lying on a cot at
the Oakland Receiving Hospital.
Dr. R. T. Stratton and his brother phy
sicians could. do nothing for the boy and
decided that he could live only a few
days, as the bullet had penetrated the
brain. But Charley did not die the next
day, nor the next, and kept right on liv
ing so hard that the doctors changed
their minds and said he had a chance.
At the end of a month the boy was play
ing on the streets, and last term he went
back to school and to the head of his
class. As the bullet, which is of 22-cali
ber, is doing no harm it is likely to stay
where it Is until its owner is overtaken
by a natural death.
These unpaid rebates amount from
$75,000 to $100,000 a year, which is almost
sufficient to pay the entire expenses of
the association and its bureaus.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Another aggressive
step was taken to-day in the contest now
being waged between the Rock Island
road and a number of its competitors over
the que5tion of interchangeable mileage,
when that road filed notice of withdrawal
of membership in the Individual Mileage
Bureau of the Western roads. Notice
was also given that en and after Septem
ber 1, the date on which two of the other
i cads have given notice to change the
form of interchangeable mileage used on
their lines, it will ray the rebates on the
individual mileage books used on Its own
lines. Furthermore, it has asked for an
accounting with the bureau to determine
what portion of unpaid rebates it is enti
tled to receive since it withdrew its mem
bership in the Western Passenger Asso-
ROCK ISLAND WITHDRAWS
FBOJi THE MILEAGE BXJBEAU
Will Pay Eebates on the Transporta
tion Books Used on Its
Own Lines.
'•Doesn't it give you a headache or make
you feel dizzy or drowsy?" the boy was
asked.
"Why, no," he replied; "I think I am
much smarter than I was before. I know
I can remember things better. I never
feel it. At first It us«?d to bother me a
little, but now there is never the least
sign of it."
BERKELEY. July U.-To live with
a bullet in the middle of his
brain— that is the experience of
a young lad named Charles
Mains, who lives with his people
at Fifth and Grayson streets. Young
Mains has carried the bullet for a year
now without the least discomfort. In
fact, the lodgment of the lead instead of
having a bad effect t:r»ori him has im
proved his mental faculties, so that he" Is
now at the head of his class ln the Gray
son School. "
OAKLAND BOY WHO CARRIES A BULLET IN HIS BRAIN. BUT
WHO. ACCORDING TO HIS OWN TESTIMONY. SUFFERS NO ILL
EFFECTS FROM A SUPPOSEDLY FATAL WOUND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
Charles Mains Carries Leaden Pellet in Head
Through Playmate's Carelessness and Says
He Is Smarter Than Before He Was Shot
29
GBAPE-NTTTS.
CURIOSITY
The Motive That Leads to Knowledge.
They say curiosity once killed a cat,
but If it were not for curiosity little pro-
gress would be made. A Texan tells the
following good etory about his curiosity
and what he learned about food: "One
day down at the store I noticed a yellow
package with a curious name, ' 'Grape-
Nut?.' The name fascinated me and
aroused my curiosity. I didn't like to
display my ignorance by asking, bo
bought a package and took it home,
where I read all about it. When wifo
and I tried It we thought It delightful
and commenced using It morning and
evening with cream.
"Before this I had suffered from lack
of assimilation of food and my stomach
was so weak that what I ate for break-
fast seemed to lie there a long time be-
fore being digested. I was usually in
distress and had no appetite for dinner.
All this has changed since my diet has
been largely on Grape-Nuts. I have
Gained steadily in strength, health and
weight, rlecp soundly at night and get
up refreshed in the morning. Wife says
I look like a new man and she herself
has been greatly benefited by the food.
"After my breakfast of Grape-Nuts I
don't need anything ln the middle of the
day as a rule, but I always keep a little
of the food handy and If I have any
cense of exhaustion I Just take a few
mouthfuls of it. It gives me Immediate
relief and does not destroy my appetite^
for dinner, but seems to sharpen It. It
surprises me that we never seem to tire
of Grape-Nuts, although we have now
been using it for several years." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich-
Send for particulars by mall of exten-
sion of time on the 57500 cooks' contest
(or 735 money prizes.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. I JOE ROSENBERG'S. -.:"';, ? ¦ \ "^ JOE ROSENBERG'S. . | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Eastern firms-one of Chicago and "" $3^&fiCwsJ3*^ 0 A slj^&r '/ & f/?/=> <\ ftfff*//n //nrh**L*£>an
them'uSrnfore^ oo^'thaT M PlM * J MS///* U/KJenTedP
fiV Bu£ng ta^STUy with them Fa I F*^ Lovers of real good Muslin Underwear, here's your opportunity.
i^™^iSMs^^; "^^^^m^^^^^^^f^^Z^^ m^ 0fth8 star Manufacturin £ Com P an *- No b8t|er
m the- umted states. This is one f^^A^yA AT J% THAN fitting or finer material than these made-— Nainsook. Cambric and
of the many reasons why the V K ,<^m&£7T\&s*$SmVF ' "^ Xsm j>* * /*r-« 11 i- 1 • j -i. t l m i j m .
money-saving woman B houid look "^^^^^^/|\^^^^^^^S f ' COST us ' in ' t nmme d with Torchon, Valenciennes and Ciuny Laces,
to Jo© Rosenberg's for "values. >J*<J I* a i_ ft ?unl/ftil onri hnmctifnhari
,_,__ .... __ ««.»« _ _J ./• t "'«*? luCKBQ aflQ nBfflSIIiGnSUi
fvJ«i Embroideries.' Read! Money-Saving Women. Saramer Batiste Corset. Q Q 7 Q SAMPLES — No two alike— Gowns, Corset Covets, Drawers,
&>§s. pSS"«Mt ,^5ffl?S^!SSJ A 2r!fSl C0 ™S £J £"£.... 03 I Z Chemise, Chemise and Skirt combined, etc. We enirae-
3«r*"«^Lj inches' wide. buttonholo tuxedo, SDlder-web. also complexion j^^ t]l0 pr i cea wo a8 k '
75g|b fanTbrfc^^wf^r 11^ S^^|^|^n|^ WIU pit you at your .a.- f eW Of Hl8 many I
**&& • 2c TTlfi nfiW nranP VPlI Si M^!L? f ?JZZ eT ttr,?^£' LADIES 1 DRAWERS, made of «oft LADIES' CORSBT COVERS, made of
ill. ii/— » J» Pr«u,J n,.r Clnro UnniJau /jpWNA-v, il . " '' fsT rust-proof steels, hand-pored, bleached muslin, finished -with umbrella New York mill muslin, tight fitting:.
We W3IH 10 UrOWQ Ulir OlOre MOnuay foSSScp*^ Pari9 Slves us the <¦* <L lace trimmed, straight front flounce, trimmed with deep hem and high or low neck; regular price, 12c:
anri TflPQflav ' V^^SaMfi ht™ St i^U™" th?« u i fejff- steels, bias cut, double side cluster of tucks; sample price 15c sample price 5c
anO lUeSaay. mils Lxn^S?5 &? »M steels delta din hip medium LADIES' DRAWERS, made of New LADIES' CORSET COVERS, made of
Therefore we offer some extraordinary Cl$&U9 the AmSricin 7 rir *TRR busted If vw size' Is 23 •? York mill muslin, finished with deep Lonsdale cambric, tight fitting, high
drives in embroidery remnants from »i \ JN -fe D u£ at a much loler VA 25 For % here°s vour ODDortu- demand trimmed with insertion of Clu- neck, trimmed with fine Torchon lace;
to 3* yards long, from Vt to 8 Inches y^V\? prict 5 chiefly Ml\ rfitv to ?¦ buv sl corset ny lace, yoke band; sample price... S5c regular 20c quality; now l^c
wide; in blind. Irish point and open- >'-~ used for miUtnery *~* four times as much ™....?25c LADIES' DRAWERS, made of Lons- LADIES' CORSET COVERS, made of
work patterns; all buttonhole edge..^... purposes. Made of dale cambric, finished with an umbrella Jones clotb; tight fitting round neck.
OC. id 1>C ana luc extra fine chiffon. 54 inches long; wide, C nr 4ha Warm 'slimmor Unnthc flounce, trimmed with Torchon laco n f^ k ». and "maoles trimmed with hem-
A dull finished border. The dependa- "01 lllc WdMl OUIHIIIBI MUlllllb. and insertion; sample price 35c st "c h ed ruffle. Regular price. 25c:
SI IlSte3Q Of SlifOi Dle store with the dependable low Here's a corset made expressly for T , nTp(! , rmATOFT*q maAo, of Xi»-w "P 60134 • 17c
*l maiCQU Ul *I.IJ. you, which will Improve the form with- wt^nf m n^ trimmed wfthi fli'^ OTHERS HIGHER and LOWER ln
Real HANDMADE BATTENBERG "" out tight lacing. Style 135, made of ex- ™™ ™^?' ffJS? 1 flJ^Jl S ft w Quality at the same proportionate low
SCARFS. 18 inches wide and 54 inches h LUfik A?ain tra heavy summer netting, dip hip. me- lnch * ide embroidery flounce. Now price.. ..23c. 27c, 35cV 45c. 59c
long, extra Mieavy Butcher Linen cen- III LUbR flgaill dium or low busted, rust-proof side and 39c CHFMKrq *"-•»*«"¦•
ter, edged with Battenberg Lace, 3 And you'll be when you see them. An- front steels, curved cut, hand gored. Many other drawers, ranging In price „ _- „
inches wide, in scroll and thread de- other lot of those towels that we sold tape inside to prevent stretching. You from 45c.53c. SOc, 65c. 75c, 85c 5*fJJ{ ar . j£? Quality; now 15c
sign, now 81.00 out ln less than 24 hours last week. This could not wish for a better corset than LADIES' GOWNS made of NewTo* wffJiio- quality I'.'iC
Laces below their real worth; i%Sff^ »|^i^ T itppS H^S SffiS^^SsfeffliS f£B ffi
NEW POINT DE PARIS OALOONB we^ow^yfu Wbu? fhVm'fy "he Many Of OUF N61 PattON Tell US That -ertlon 'LADIES^skmTs"' 1
or INSERTIONS, ln white and Arabian dozen when you see them at this price fW t\MW\* Lf? Ffllial if Hint SlI- s^ ev 5? „. « c ' ™£ e £"5,^7"*™ Regular We quality, now... 35c
colors, in floral and scroll effects. 2 y c UUI UUIiBlb AIB tqjdl, II HUl OU LADIES' CAMBRIC GOWNS, V- Regular 73c quality now 4k£
inches wide, now 10c yard / nprinr tn AflV Maffp-tn-flrdpr shaped yoke, trimmed with four rows. Regular 93c quality! now!!.'!!! rife
WhprP thPrp'«5 Smoke thPrP miKt hP FirP I 58 " 0 '' 10 A "" MflDe t0 U ' Bf of Torchon lace inserting and five clus- Many others «*i 1 iw> «i i- «i «-
pnfnt dp Park LaCP Wneie ineiB S oniUiie Ulcre mUSI OB rife. n..- t ers of tucks; sleeve and collar trimmed *i oi 2nd *1 Sl-1*»» Sl.-o
rOlfll 0B r<llli> Ldte. We haye the reputation -_^. \ UnBS> with lace; sample price 50c ?I™«. JE^r?" . _
Fu , 1 , 1 V^, lnches w , lde ;, ln cor , al a " d for having the best assort- Here's one within every- -£* LADIES' GOWNS, made of Lbnsdale ¦ UAIJli; ' a rnvm T vii-n ND SKIRT3
fn^U.^S-' PCarl e6Se ' B0 °~ ment of ribbons and low- M^f body's reach-Made of W. cambricT trimmed w^tA^fl^ rows of em* Reinlla3 . ~- n C n T
ing kind, now ..oc yard est prices. Come and be M?Jf#M rwnsh sa teen din hio broidery Inserting with ten hemstitched r*£x£ j? nrw?,f i.T' now i 5c
the judge, and you will find " L"/-yl«-'? sateen, aip nip. -v tucks- neck front and sleevea finished gesujar J 1 - 00 quality, now 75c
It DaVS tO bUy in JU ¥. that we are never under- WW. long over abdomen, double /W\ $$ \ "^mstftched raffle? Agular^lW R A S"I LS q^£: BOW °^
Read carefully and * B °k' 0 AT T SILK TAP r,ffl« rust-proof side steels, W/A gown; sample price GOc and «1 •~ S S1 * 15 ' Sl-45. 81.«5
you'll see why. We're f|&^r^V FETA RIBBON, alpaca <^@®J ' curve cut. hand gored, lace IM&A LADIES' GOWNS, made of soft fin- _^U" IP YOU ARE IN
overstocked in tucking M&JSc& finish, satin diamond effect, vw* 1 and ribbO n trimmed, gar- UH }Sk ished muslin; V-shaped yoke, trimmed *^p* I J NEED OF MUSLIN
and we must reduce (4^K$£2£ corded ert se; in pink. blue, cream, white. ters attached. Corset and M il l £"* fl fw,I?*?«H Y&VXi FJiZ^Sa^SFh Z) UNDERWEAR. be
prices to reduce stock. V ETC&&. black. Tho small .store with tho small- '*,_ ' * , ~>O * v- C i!h».iI£nL IlnJ tZZfSJ "»^1^ > K the early blrrt so as
Made on good heavy i-S* vf estp'ices Ko yard supporters now $l.oU. » \alenciennes lace; regular $1.2o quality; J J\ not to be disappoint-
«iTi?'™l Mm^'tlSk!' Hlk-*** Width No 80. ALL-SILK TAFFETA . SamplC PnCe ' oC cd - «« the ™ »s only
v.!Ui neat minute tncK. . RIRHOX. 4 inches wide, high luster- /^~\ / / • ((/ ) . Many other Kowns, ranging from __^5^ Si one of a kind. We
Price { " c soft kind for bows or neck wear; in blue. ( //%, /^V,' /HT*'.^,'/-* Sn< *' t>Oc ' V5c. 81.15. »1.5O, %A cannot promise to fill
Hosiery Opportunities. K .: a :: e ". a ?f:.. a .' s . o .. b ! a . c . k . 1 T«c^r e d v -^^^^ JJ&sTT »*™ , ""*— **
cSl^'t^lf^r^^^SSi gJSraS^Sft?HSSS^Si iavo? i t va',J s U e th 4Sr e i. 0t i,a l 5' i re c c o c Tv e e t d ?& One of our Hobbies is to keep flu latest Ladles' Knitted Underwear.
Swiss ribbed, double heel, toe and knees, quality. You know the reputation of highest awards wherever it has been ¦ -jj.-i Uant/masr »? n»r wall n • mil hi «»l! >¦,,,, .
all sizes, your opportunity to buy these this ribbon. In red. cream, white and exhibited. Made of imported embroid- LdQIeS NBCKWeai 31 OUT W8!l HOfO 'e Whpra WO §h no F|I Y2IUB IQF
at 12c black l»Oc yard ered batiste, princess hip, curve cut and Irnimm l nu> n r!n<i» iibib g iihmh no whihui tun i«v B m
„ ,. „ f hand gored, double side steels, straight KHOWIl I0W PNC8S. Yniir MORBV OF YODF M0II8V BSCk.
lariip<5' Hn<5f> -*«r-\ Ha If-Pr C6. front steels, extra wide lace trimmed. TAB AND i»mra.vroi j -
LaQieS n0S8< /&%, >. ... .2' with double row of beadins. silk ribbon n,,,, . OVERCOLLAR made V*^ 15^? v V ? S 7' ln i lda ot
For those who have sore or tender £?& \ !ad|63 SUUimSr DF6SS . bow ln front, parter attachments; in Kv^T^*5?^Sj of all Silk Satin Taf- velvet finished thread, lacs
feet; made of soft finished island cot- »#&.' \ Tf nl ,,^ , " ' "' , M ' white, pink and blue; there Is not a feta embrofde?ed in ®^ and braid trimmed; in pink
ton. fast black, velvet finish. White soles. K&a I two uld be; a good idea prettier or richer looking made-to-order §Sl&&i$§§Pi Hover and cherry TiP\ and blue. .Now Oc
We can honestly say that this is the fjlaj / j or > ou to jo ok among tne et de than thesQ are Special.—" mMII patterns. Joe Rosen- >W LADIES' VEST, made of
best hose which money can buy for \A@l J Lndiea suit s. tne Pf'ces 01 sa le for Monday and Tuesday.. ..$'J.5O berg's price 25c Jj'^M English thread. Swiss and
-•»*- in half Full line of GENUINE ROYAL LADIES' CROAT OR COLLAR AND »2wsfR Richelieu rlhbod. deep laco
I «4!««) U« n « Made of white and colored «. WORCESTER. . TIE COMBINED, at prices which woll Iv^ft^V >' ok e back and front, low
L3QIGS HOSCi lawng dimities, pique, lace $7 Agents for NEMO SELF-REDUCING please you. made of imported Madras. H fjijf neck, no sleevea. Now
Made of gauze lisle. <Ioubl* heel ar.d and embroidery and Spanish .jcfcjvv CO ,? SE t TS -,»tt-. . »~ • » striped, dotted: also white. Nothing VW^frt 10c
toes, soft as velvet, fast black, full drawn work trimmings. No /£Jg3 Also LA V IDA and VAN ORDEX LA . more stylish for the un-to-date sum- >^KSf LADIES' VEST, made of
value for '.I7n- better or liner suits made. g£gfl GREQUE CORSETS. mer dress than these 19c FW/ German lisle, high neck
We are overstocked in these hence We can warrant the fit. If JhPl! |^ "^^ mmmm "~^ ¦™™ — "™"™^"^TI i j* i ' t an< * l° R g sleeves, summer
the reduction. ' " we have your size you can &£$& pERHAPS our best service to the people 111 tllliBS 01 P83C6 prepare TOF WSFi weight, Richelieu ribbed; ln whlta^nJy
Cnnnnmu a <*A "\ suit *^^S^ i j s j n keeping shoddy out of our store. Why not buy one of these CRO- "t"^!^"^^""^^"^'™,,' 25 °
A lmm * 8S : S5-K:5JiSg W^. Saving a few pennies is often the worst OTETED SHAWLS for these >cool f m JS^^nSSd'SS slee?eT S^llt
W itore he key -" Ote ° f thlS twonaVi-suu- \ extravagance m the end. | Site' "S™ W * i » ht; ta
®g7\ «tg^SX£Z : They fit wSere others bind, . Fit-Well S^ ™£^Ss5^|S«3^^^^W
jrrVZlL pmp^ S ma Ha H n^vv' A hotfor crnlf «oct Ic harrt fft finri Ts thfi name of the m °*t P e «-fect fitting ° Farrell-Street Entrance. velvet nn , shed Sea lslSLnd e^Q. pant3
/-ry/Hk' C lw ?' it *»X ** " e " er S 01 ' ' eS ' IS " arfl W •'"«' belt made: made of imported patent UiA~«t deeD lace trimmed, umbrella shape.
£±=*\& narrow hemstitched Made of steam shrunk leather, well sewed, curve shape so as Midget French band » 5c
Fconomy price :te t> J«^ >' arn . J erse y knit ' arm3 l ? fit sn £5l y . t0 l he w ? lst( ad J ustable __ Is the name of the new LADIES' COMBINATION *;
n'n^ «iSSAm!«^ii U i 1^ and edges braid bound, clasps. This is the only store where J^^- ladies' string tie. made of SUITS, low neck and no *?t
CENTS HANDKERCHIEFS, made |j military double breasted you can get a belt like this for 25c i^^L peau de sole silk Barre- beeves, knee length, laco T?
of white rambric. hemstuehed, lull size, t\ j^zs .ftVct "lit buttons- in aJSmWU ¦ then silk- •?.-. <nph«= lnntr trimmed Now... *'7«» <f >
FF P ?^ W^'' navV'^^d bWk. Why not be ons of the first «??f fS^afiSSpSf 1^ 1^: ladies- combination M\
of L^t E ilea H c^d D^r R e CI ieS V^ \L 7 SS?£ S V
"¦ • ' prlce .-.»?.C 2oc SEY KNITTED DRAWERS. C^jjjjp'
Good Morning Joe Rosenberg's ¦ , M W\\zM& , f There . s Any Tm of the Year Whe ?Si T^SST^SP^S:
• ...... , J, T , n • Washable, white kid Skin, kid covered •"»¦<» « ""J hhiw wi nib mm miuii Ironlnir nr «tarphfntr nwHari T>^i^«.
&£i&£ \ n °u"&Xrz'- «* The birth place of Cut Prices «,*««; 1 , Von Can Stretch Your Dollars Out °°.'™.?. i "!. "."f. r . c . h .' n .!. "_f. a -. S£
Ifeplp^Si W and here's one of our proofs. . fl ?. 1 ?. h .. l .°.lT.. s . u r.?...S . |fs No» and on Mooej Sa«ers. , Good Rilhons
lawn, front trimmed with /#SK LADIES' WRAPPER. . » iu c --. n |« i; n0 n f rillf R 0 |f c LADIES' COMBINATION POCKET- J. «v .- 1
four rows of Queen Bess ff^l) made of heavy colored A} ASH 10 S8B 1118 Sailipie 11116 01 OllrV 06118 BOOK AND PURSE, made of soft Le- Cheap If you double these prices,
lace insertion, in the new L j percale, trimmed with a iv Which are now selling at one-half to vant and seal kid; in black, brown and a SCOTCH PLAID RIB-
zig-zag effect; also medal- J4v> *~[ double ruffle from front fltMTO one-quarter below original price 23e tan; patent steel frame. Regular 50c CW BONS are In great de-
lions to match; double box % .(^^jt^.i over shoulder and back; t/ngw, O'Farrell-Strcet Entrance. and 75c quality on special sale for.. 2,"Je >3Pft . ma nd. There la nothing:
pleats trimmod with two v^* also embroidery and f'/^r LJii: Cft-W ¦ more stylish for hair, hat
rows of biTK>- pearl buttons, braid trimrnod, tis?ht lit- **\'<J 1^~"~ 1 "" — — — — iS?* f»r dress trimming than
new umbrella sleeve, with three rows ting lining, deep flounce, ffr&I MAIL' ORDERS SOLICITED. €§£& these. Made of all silk
of lace insertion: back finished with embroidery trimmed; lib- /I^m XZS 411^ taffeta, washable, hiph,-
lace, tucks and beading; detachable col- f-rally made in length firlVv T f\ T^ T> /\ O Tl T^ Tl T^ /^( n * \JF »¦ luster, corded; ln light
lar. tucked and lace trimmed. and width. This sea- AM}-^ If |L kl SxH Iv TS,. H l< fl C Thfi PriCe*Cntfpr <1 * ** an <3 dark combinations.
We have had many good offerings be- son's newest colorings. £&?v** r I I W W\ W\ \J Lj M-A 1 \l Jj Eli S\ LT lil * rrtl>C WUUCr Width No. 7 now He yd
fore, but nothing to equal this J2.50 Not the poorest and low- "~ ** •*-* -*¦*• '** ~~ -^~ ¦*" — •**•*• — — — — —^— • width No. 9 now l'»o varrt
SHIRTWAIST, which we will sell Mon- est In price, but the best that you will Q4fi MAP1T17T QTRT7T7T \\ fl*17API?17TT CTDrrT Width No. 40 now •»<>«. Card
day and Tuesday for SI. 15 ever see for ....S1.H5 olOlUAIUUil OlItCi£<l. 11 U f AKllliLL OlnJlril. Width No. SO now ..."""... V.aSc yard
The Secret of Success™!
, The . reputation of a physician depends upon his ability to properly
manage his cases, and ln no one class of diseases Is the result of his
treatment so manifest as In disorders of the male. . - H
¦ ¦- By patient study and careful experiments I have de- ¦
velopcd a treatment for the troublesome afflictions of 5|
f men that has proven by the successful handling of §4
1 / rant Hundreds of cases to be as nearly specific as it Is pos- Ej
'. f Hu «ible for a treatment to be — a treatment that* cures . H
b^ . $>n Gonorrhoea quickly, safely and pleasantly in 6 to 12 H
tea rSSP' iRfl days: Tarloocela in 6 days. Hydrocele in 7 days. Strict- fa
ft *^ >Tl nre ln 10 days. Knpture, Piles and ristula in 20 days. 11
I / £1/ Trostatlo Trouble* in 30 days. Wervoxn Debility, Seminal ft
i^ifii ¦/ Weakness, Loot Manhood, Kidney and Bladder Trouble* y
€&8S&\- Pf in 30 to 60 day3 and Blood Polion in 90 days. £3
gSmFwr 'I My system of treatment is recognized and indorsed IJ
W*wSi- Jl by th( * most eminent men ln the medical profession, H
vOUJg* and thousands of people in all walks of life know from n
. y77V"""^ l\ actual experience that my statements' are true. I fur- tl
[P/J /, ni.%h bank or personal reference if desired, and grve a j
\ JSi / • written guarantee to cure perfectly and permanently or I
refund money. rf
Consultation- and private book on above ailments fre« at office or by [j
mail. Terms reasonable. H
C \Z HOI M n 729 Market *l.. 8. P.. Top Floor, m
W* IV. ,flUL.Ol»lAn, ITU Umj Hours, 9 to 8 daily; Sunday. 9 to U. ¦JOAQUIN MILLER. THE AGED POET OF THE SIERRAS. WHO ES
SAYS TO UPHOLD PRESIDENT ROOSEVELTS HANDS IN THE PRO
MULGATION OF THE ANTI-RACE SUICIDE THEORY.
Yachting experts are now estimating that Shamrock* III will have a good chance of winning
if the breeze be light, so it is up to the Weather Bureau to furnish a. supply -of -strong wind in the
vicinity of New York on the racing days. It would be too bad to lose the cup when a little vig
orous blowing would have saved it. :: >• : , .. ', .... ' ; ''."..' . '
It is asserted that the establishment of cordial relations between. Greats Britain and France
has changed the European political situation, but as a little tiff would swing, Europe, back to. the
old situation, the change is not accounted as of much more importance than a alteration "in
the -weather. , . . • v v
It will be worth remembering ihat the number of deaths and injuries caused by the celebra
tion of the recent Fourth of July exceeded those resulting from all the battles and skirmishes of
the Spanish War. Either^ we must make our wars more sanguinary, or our celebrtitions safer, for the
thing doesn't look right as it stands. • •'.-..,
THE Republican party needs to guard against losing an issue to the opposition. Fortunately
for it Mr. Bryan compelled the gold standard to, be a Republican measure, and the immense
influence and benefits that have come to the Republican party as a result may not be esti
mated. But the adoption of the gold standard- by no means exhausted the money issue. It
assured the equality of all currency, and made every dollar worth a hundred cents, but there is left
the question of equal distribution of that sound currency which is necessary to the economical use
of credit.
The Iowa Democratic Convention, in a cowardly way, it is true, but still in a way, recog
nized the need of more equal distribution and the equalizing of interest rates. The conventions in
the Southern States will probably be more honest and outspoken in the same direction, and Republi
can hesitation may make a gift of an issue to the Democracy, which is about the only one in sight that
can secure for it the confidence of the business classes of the country.
Mr. Cannon, who is to be Speaker of the next House, is in the field f against such legislation
and makes humor of it by calling it a "rubber currency," which is witty but not wise. We desire
to wara the party that this currency reform is a •Republican issue; made so by the * declarations of
McKinley and Roosevelt and the pledge of many platforms. If \Mr. Cannon can blow that issue
out of the party by one shot, the party will have rieisure, in. which to repent.
CURRENCY LEGISLATION
ism the poet inveighs against the mod
ern love, which considers offspring a mis
fortune and motherhood a millstone. 1 He
says:
God' g pity for the thine of lust
That bears a frail babe to be thrust
Forth from her arms to alien thrall.
As Ehutting out the light of day.
As shutting off God's very breath!
To love rightly Is then the poet's mes
sage. In some of the passages of the
poem where the charms of love are
chanted Miller shakes down his hoary
locks and waxes Byronlc.
The poem is aglow with artistic color
ing. The shifting scenes of the Golden
Gate, the Klondike. Honolulu and Japan
give a wide canvas to his brush. In verse
form, which is as a rule metrically
happy. Miller gives some wonderfully
vivid pictures.
Possibly the finest of his portraitures
depicts the frozen north In the clutch
of winter, where the vividness of the pic
ture needs only the stage green calcium
to complete the effect. The scenes of the
poem show that Miller can wander away
from the Sierras and still please.
"As It Was in the Beginning" is not a
great poem; it is a very good one. Its
name will never live for the philosophy
it teaches, fcr that is nothing but old
sentiments revamped. But it will be
eagerly read for the beauty, the riotous
color of its verse.
• • •
The question of what constitutes value
In a rare edition Jias been raised indi
rectly by Messrs. Methuen. who are pub
lishing an illustrated pocket library of
plain and colored books. The binding is
of unadorned red. with those paper la
bels which are always dear to a man
who loves his bookshelves. The specialty
of this series consists in the fact that
it contains fac simile reproductions of
the illustrations which accompanied the
literary matter in the first Instance. The
current volume, for Instance, Is "Handley
Cross," by R. S. Surtees. and with It are
found seventeen colored plates and 100
woodcuts by Leech. In many cases
Messrs. Methuen have paid very heavy
sums indeed for single copies of originals
containing the illustrations which are
to be made familiar to the present gen
eration.
• • •
Whatever Justification may be found
for publishing on Japanese paper a lim
ited edition of one hundred copies, at one
guinea each, in which the plates will
represent the utmost that color printing
can achieve, the venture Is certainly a
bold one, the works selected being bet
ter known to experts than to the gen
eral public.
One of the big art books of the coming
season will be "The Life of Lady Diana
Beauclerk," by Mrs. Stewart Erskine.
which Fisher Unwln will publish. Lady
Diana was the elder daughter of Charles,
second Duke of Marlborotijth, and was
twice married, her first husband being
Frederick, Lord Bollngbroke, and her
second Topham Beauclerk, the famous
wit. It was after this second marriage
that much of her better known -artistic
work was done. She decorated rooms,
designed for Wedgwood and drew for
Bartolozzi. The volume will contain re
productions of many of her pictures.
Lady Dilke .will contribute to an illus
trated work 'about to be published by
Messrs. Goupll dealing with the objets
d'art at Hertford House. That volume
will be a handsome production, as may
be assumed from the subscription price
of $200. There will be very fine illustra
tions of the Ivory and wood carvings, of
the Limoges enamels, of the bronzes, the
Sevres porcelain and the decorative
French furniture of the seventeenth and
eighteenth centuries. The main portion
of the text wil be written by M. Emile
Moliner, honorary keeper of the National
Museum of France.
Nearly two hundred women met at the
Women Writers' dinner on Monday even
ing at the Criterion. Mrs. J. R. Green,
who occupied the chair, made an amus
ing speech, in which she contrasted the
old and new women. Lady Jehangir,
who spoke for the East, said the Oriental
view of the duties and position of women
might be summed up in the reply of. a
little girl who, when asked what she
would like to be, replied, "A mamma."
Among the women writers present were
Mrs. Clifford, Mrs. L. T. Meade, Miss
Violet Hunt, Mrs. Andrew Lang, Miss
Alma Tadema, Miss Wordsworth, Mrs.
Belloc-Lowndes and Lime. Belloc.
Reason for Extra Charge.
The winter has been unusually severe,
and the lake from which the ice com
pany gathered its crop was frozen to a
much greater depth than usual. "I sup
pose, colonel," remarked a citizen to the
president of the company one cold morn
ing, "that you won't 'charge us so much
for our ice next summer as ycu did last.
You're getting a tremendous crop." "\v* e
may have to charge more," stiffly re
plied the president. "Think of the trouble
and expense involved in cutting ice three
feet thick!"— Youth's Companion. •
"I fancy," suggested the husband, who
was a quick thinker and a lightning cal
culator, "that we had better repaper the
house." — Exchange.
"I don't know," confessed the puzzled
wife, "whether to have the house repa
pered to match my old dresses, or to buy
new dresses to match the paper we now
have."
SOME TIME ago a London scientist discovered by accident that a long-continued mechanical
vibration would cause the death of microbes even in an environment that was. otherwise
highly favorable to their propagation. Now comes an American scientist announcing that a
musical vibration of the right pitch will kill mosquitoes. Evidently we are on the verge of
great things in the way of dealing out life or death by vibratory methods, and perhaps in the end
we shall have vibrations of tine intensity used as a medicine, and those of another used as a means
of executing condemned criminals. ; .
There is nothing in the way of a joke in either of the two reports. The London scientist was
doing his best to cultivate certain disease germs in a laboratory near a large factory. He noted
that the most carefully tended of his pets perished when the jarring of the machinery made itself
felt, and experiments demonstrated that the death was due to the jarring. The American discoverer
of the deadly effects of music on mosquitoes has also succeeded in demonstrating the validity of his
statements, and in Massachusetts steps have been taken to put the method into practice. .
The Boston Transcript, in describing the 'discover)', says : "The new system has been given
practical application, and it has been discovered that a' certain musical note, raised to a great num
ber of vibrations per second, will cause the mosquito to experience sudden and complete paralysis;
and not only does this intensified note arrest the insect in flight or hurl it from ceiling or wall, but*
also because of a strange construction of the mosquito's auditory system it causes it to plunge un
deviatingly toward the spot whence the music issues. It has been found that the practical application
has been effected by raising to a great number of vibratiori?"per second the particular note to which
the mosquito is most sensitively attuned. This intensified note was produced by sudden electrical im
pulse upon a musical instrument, whereupon it was noticed that even'- mosquito in the room had
plunged headlong to the instrument; and that when the windows were opened the room was soon
filled. Again the amplified note was sounded and instantly in a cloud the mosquitoes, apparently life
less, were precipitated against the apparatus."
These demonstrations of the effect of vibrations upon living organisms tend to confirm the
theory now so widely accepted among scientists as well as among . philosophers that. what we call
"substance" is but a manifestation of energy, and that all life can be reduced to one elemental force
which science may some day discover. That phase of the subject will, however, not be so interesting
to the public as the promise that in the near future it may be found possible ¦ to strike out tones that
will summon flies, fleas and all other. abominations of the insect world to their destruction as po
tently as that which hurries the mosquito to his doom. '
NEW USE FOR MUSIC
But twst to love that lovfr Is
Who lov*» a!l thing* beneath the sun.
Th«-n fin<!s all fair thingi In Just one,
/.nd find* all fortune in a kiss.
How wisely born, how more than wi*e.
How wiR«ly learned tnuct be that #oul
Who loves ail t-arth. all Paradls*.
All peoples, places. r»ole to twle.
Yet In one kiss Includes the whole.
As contrasted with this Arcadian ideal-
Against the hollowness the poet finds
in twentieth century wedded life Joaquin
Miller has lifted up his voice. In no
treble key is it pitched either. From the
lofty crag of his inspiration the poet, like
Carlyle's clothes philosopher, fulminates
upon the huddled pack of degenerate
moderns.
As a thread whereon to hang his didac
tic utterances the poet runs a slender
wlfp of story through his poem. A great,
strong man, true eon of the West, stands
on the shores of the Golden Gate, look
ing outward to the stars of opportunity
which beckon him ever farther. In the
flame of his purpose he fails to heed the
caresses of the maiden, his companion,
who would keep him by her side.
The poet carries his idealized hero to
the ice fields of the north, there to fight
for gold until the cruelty of nature brings
him to death's door. He is nursed to life
by the maiden and learns to love her.
It is the natural man, the man of Rous
seau, whom Joaquin Miller makes his
Weal— Rousseau's - savage, tempered by
th<? esthetic influences of all the world of
poetry and thought which is our posses
sion. The primal passion of love he would
have thus:
the mad course which his Pegasus
will run finds ample confirmation in the
last fruits of his unwearied pen, "As It
"Was in the Beginning." a didactic poem
in ten cantos just from Robertson's press.
The nature poet of the Sierras, the
painter of snow crag and mountain tor
rent herein manifests himself in the new
light of a champion against the sociolog
ical evil of race suicide, so vigorously
enunciated by that vigorous man who
holds the highest place In the nation's
Government. In a prefatory note the
poet declares that while Roosevelt was
yet in swafidling clothes he was cham
pioning the cause which has recently
pained weight by the oracular words from
the White House. With a frank recog
nition of the impetus given to his theme
by its latest advocate. Joaquin Miller sets
Mmself to the task of upholding the
hands of the President.
What Roosevelt has said in all the
baldness of a census bureau report the
poet has endeavored to clothe with idyllic
verse. "As It Was in the Beginning" is
a heroic effort to revive In the painfully
materialistic modern aspect of love and
the relation of sex some essence of the
romantic— a bit of the Idealistic which
might soften the hard gray monotone of
these evil times upon which we have fall
en. The poet would introduce love songs
on a Jute into a third-story Cat. acces
sible by an electric elevator.
JOAQUIN MILLER is a poet of sur
prises. That be Is a poet has been
admitted even by the English crit-
Ice; that one can never anticipate
Twelve Insects will cost the United
States $350,00.000 this year. The chinch
bug will draw $100,000,000 of this amount,
the grasshopper will take $30,000,000 and
the hessian fly will call for at least $50,
000,000 more. Three worms that attack
the cotton plant will assess the farmers
for a total of $60,000,000 and the potato bug
will eat $3,000,000 worth of its favorite kind
of garden produce. Ten millions of dol
lars is a moderate estimate of the Injury
that will be done by the apple' worm, and
the caterpillar that makes cabbages Its
specialty _wil destroy $5,000,000 worth of
crisp green heads.
; The estimate, which i3 conservative 'and
under, the mark, is as follows:
Chlnchbug. $100,000,000; grasshopper, $90,
000.000: Hessian fly. SoO.000,000; potato bug.
$8,000,000: San Jose scale. $10,000,000; grain
weevil, 510.000.000; apple worm, $10,000,000;
army worm, $15,000,000; cabbagre worm, $5.
000,000: boll weevil (cotton), $20,000,000; boll
worm (cotton), $23,1)00.000: cotton worm
$15,000,000; total. $358,000,000. 1
How absurd it seems. that the United
States Government, with an army of 65,-
• • •
The side walls are provided with fljring
gangways, which are placed at the bow
end of the dock, hinged so as to swing
together. The side walls are fitted with
platform and protecUng hand rails to
provide a means of passing from one sec
tion to the ' other. Convenient ladders
and stairways are placed on the inside of
the side walls to reach the upper decks
from the pontoon deck. Light swinging
hand cranes are provided on each gang
way deck for handling material. There
are also provided fair-leads and other ap
pliances for handling the necessary lines
required for docking the vessels.
The original cost of the New Orleans
dock was $810,000. but since It was built
many costly and Important Improvements
have been made, addinggreatly to its ef
ficiency.
The New Orleans floating drydock has
the greatest lifting capacity of any dock
of Its type. In workmanship, equipment
and machinery, as well as in facility of
operation, it is considered superior to any
floating dock yet built.
Since the docking of the Illinois a nat
ural scour has set in under the dock, and
the continuous flow of water under the
structure has carried away all of the soft
material, leaving a splendid foundation
of clay at even a greater depth than Is
necessary for the extreme sinking of the
dock even at the lowest stages of the tide.
Several months' observation Indicate that
the scouring under the dock Is perma
nent, and that no future trouble may be
anticipated from lack of required depth
for sinking the dock sufficient to enter
any battleship that we possess.
The whole dock is operated from a cen
tral station-house on each side wall. In
these stations levers are placed by means
of which the valves are operated. Signals
are arranged by means of which the posi
tion of every valve can be known at a
glance. Each station is in direct commu
nication with those in charge of the en
gine and fire rooms by means of speaking
tubes, and thus the dockmaster has com
plete control of every^pump and valve.
The docking of the ship can thus be
manipulated without the dockmaster
leaving his central station. The dock is
moored by four stud link chain cables, to
each of which are attached mushroom
anchors. These anchors are handled by
capstans connected to winches which are
installed on the upper deck of the side
walls. The dock is also connected to
shore steel columns by two. steel lattice
booms, which are free to move in all di
rections to accommodate for the rise and
fall In the river, which is Bubject to great
fluctuations. These connections also per
mit the dock to be swung in toward the
shore so that the structure need not be
exposed to the strongest current of the
river.
gested districts in New York and
Chicago. Chicago has decided to let New
York try the venture first, and If it works
successfully there to adopt It In the West
ern metropolis. In New York It Is pro
posed to use the system In connecting the
Manhattan terminals of three great
bridges ov$r the East River with one an
other, and with the subwa^ind elevated
railroads as well as with the leading sur
face lines running north and south. The
method. It is said, will relieve the conges-,
tlon of the Brooklyn bridge and make the
Wllllamsburg bridge now approaching
completion, and the Manhattan bridge,
which is well under way, do their share
of the work. The moving seats are sim
ply an Improvement on the moving side
walks and continuous trains, which were
in operation at the Chicago and Paris ex
positions, and which carried millions of
people along at a good rate of speed and
in absolute comfort without accident. The
method of operating these platforms is
well known. There are two so-called
"stepping" platforms running alongside
the train platform. The passenger steps
on one platform moving at the rate of
three miles an hour. He then steps on
one Vnoving at six miles an hour. From
that he steps on the continuous car mov
ing at nine miles an hour and takes his
seat. The seats will hold three persons
and will be three feet apart. To alight
from the "continuous car," the passenger
simply steps from one platform to an
other of diminishing speed, and finally
gets off at his station.
AN endless atreet car, or a moving
•idewalk with seats on it. is pro
posed am the solution of the trans
portation problem in the con-
When some such a process as this Is
available, or a new substance found in
which radium abounds in larger quanti
ties than in pltchblend. the exact amount
of radium required to produce results
equal to an X-ray machine of standard
size will be necessary to fix the commer
cial value of the product. It is believed
that radium-barium of the highest activ
ity can be produced at the rate of K01
per gram, or $100,000 for 500 grams,' which
equals one and three-twentieths pounds.
In Utah there are large deposits of
radio-active uranium ores and compounds
that are about to be opened up. and by
analysis it has been shown that the
radium contents of these ores are about
one gram for each ton of ore. The de
tails for the chemical reduction of these
ores are being perfected, when metallic
uranium will be produced and radium as
a by-product at a very slight Increase In
the first cost of reduction.
The first practical ose to which radium
has been put since its discovery by ths
Curies is announced from Paris. Profes
sor Curie some time ago found that a dia
mond would phosphoresce beautifully in
the presence of radium, but that the
cleverest imitation of the diamond failed
to emit the light waves. Parisian dia
mond experts are now employing It for
this purpose. No critical examination is
necessary for the operation, as formerly.
All that is required 13 a small, dark
room, into which the expert steps with
the stone to be examined. Placing It be
fore the tube of radium, he Is made aware
at a glance If the object he holds Is gen
uine or a base Imitation. The price of
radium Is being gradually reduced, and
the price, which was recently announced
to be $300,000 per pound, is n«w fixed at
a sum considerably less. Another Im
portant feature Is that this rare product
of the earth Is b*»ing produced in this
country by a Buffalo firm, which states
that It will aoon be prepared to furnish
It in quantities, but at the rate of $73,000
per pound.
Yet such is the fact. The individual
bug is small, but its "strong hold" is Its
tremendous power of reproduction. What
Is to be done in conflict with an adver
sary which Is capable of having a billion
descendants in a summer? In conflict with
such an enemy Uncle Sam finds himself
in much the same situation as that of
Gulliver when he discovered that he was
at the mercy of tbo Llllputians.
000 men, 254 warships and more money In
the treasury than any nation has ever be
fore possessed, should be helpless In a
fight against twelve objectionable bugs!
TUB ENDLESS STREET CAR OR MOVING SIDEWALK "WITH BEATS
WHICH IS EXPECTED TO SOLVE A TROUBLESOME PROBLEM OF
TRANSPORTATION IN THICKLY POPULATED CENTERS.
rri HE prevalence of the divorce is a subject of increasing discussion. The frivolous reasons
§ for divorce which have been made good in law have been the means of multiplying the
I legal cutting of the marriage tie. The rising percentage of divorces to marriage is causing
*¦ alarm among those who study the social structure and the means for maintaining its equilib
rium. The growing objection to divorce threatens a reaction which will cause much human distress
by making divorce so difficult that it Jwill • be . practically impossible in cases where it should be
granted. No woman should be compelled to live with a brutal man, who by drunkenness en
dangers future generations, risking blemishes both. physical and moral in their nature, or with
one whose infidelities humiliate her. Nor should she remain in legal contract with a man who re
fuses to contribute to her support. '
These causesMor divorce were recognized as legitimate in the beginning of the judicial sep
aration of the married. Their rise and overshadowing of the married relation were not inconsistent
with the entrance upon that greatest of all contracts from the most proper motives; for say what
th% practical people may, romance and conjugal affection only can sanction marriage. Without these,
no matter how many sacraments may supplement the civil contract, nothing can hallow it in the high
court of nature. If divorce were given only to those who married with right motives, with affection
and romance playing their part in the relation, divorce would be less of a scandal than now.
One needs only to read the court reports of trial of divorce cases to realize that a majority
of them are for the dissolution of contracts, that should never have been entered into. An astonish
ing number of marriages are contracted through fear. We have called attention frequently to the
number of women who are slain by erotic lunatics. Those tragedies represent the resistance to the
threats of the wretches who cause them. But threats often compel compliance and women marry
through fear to find that death would have been preferable. The erotic lunatic or fool never can
make a good husband, and rapidly progresses to. brutality, and neglect. Such marriages should never
be permitted. The man who threatens to murder a woman unless she marry him is unfit to live,
and there should be some way to remove him, legally or otherwise, and women should know that
there is efficient protection for them against such beasts.
Fraud vitiates all contracts and the marriage contract is too frequently entered into by fraud.
In a recent case the woman advertised for a husband, representing herself to be worth a quarter of a
million. A sucker took the bait, to find himself in the claws of a cat who proceeded to make life as
miserable as a man deserves it who will make such a contract for mercenary motives. He vAnts a
divorce, but the law should compel him to live with the Xantippc he married in the hope that she
was a female Croesus, and she should have the assistance of the town Constable in turning him up
and spanking him with a wet paddle once a week.
There should be more safeguards thrown around the making of the marriage contract, as
a means of curtailing divorce. Fear and avarice, as the motives for such .contract, should be for
bidden, and the state, being concerned vitally in the families that compose it, should be satisfied that
the contract is based on the only motive that hallows it, romance and affection. Nature cries out
against undue disparities in age, and the state being concerned in the future generations that are
to compose it, may well interfere to prevent those revolting sacrifices which have cupidity as their
motive. Divorce will never be less, nor the scandal of it be limited, nor the injury to the state pre
vented, until the cause is dealt with at the origin of the contract which divorce dissolves.
EFFECT AND CAUSE.
SCHEME FOR RELIEF
OF THE CONGESTION
OF CROWDED CITIES
JOAQUIN MILLER'S
NEW POEM IS VIVID
BUT NOT IDEALISTIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... . .... . . . . . . Address CommtmicaUons. to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY- ..*..* .JULY 12/1903
Publication Office <tg|££$£> .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
30
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg.*
Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A son was born a few days ago to Mr.
and Mrs. Cormac McCallis of Hazleton,
Pa., being the twenty-third child born
to the couple. Mrs. McCallis is 41 years
old .and was married at the age of 17
years.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A WOMAN'S GRATITUDE.
A Mountain Woman Writes in Praise
of Newbro's Herpicide.
"For Beveral years I have been trou-
bled with dandruff, causing me much
ennoyance, and my hair became very
thin. I have used Newbro's Herpicide
for a month and the dandruff has en-
tirely disappeared and my hair is be-
coming much heavier than formerly.
New hair is growing where there was
none and I am very thankful to you for
the benefit I have received from New-
bro's Herpicide. Very truly yours,
"MRS. C. B. FOSTER,
"No. 9C Utah Ave.. Butte. Mont."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c. in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Deroit. Mich.
1844 1903
Ct'd by American Phviician$ nearly CO ytart.
The effervescent "tried by time" cure for
Costiveness. Biliousness, Headache. Sick
Stomach. Contains no irritants or narcotic*.
ftOe. and 8 1 , at I>ro;risl 1 or tj rr.*H from
THE T ARRANT CO., 21 Jiy 8tr#tt, Ntw Vc.-k j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ALASKA
I Refrigerators
g Keep provisions longer
8 and use less ice than
g any other make.
8 i. end for catalogue.
|W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.
I 309-317 MarRct StThe cattle king of the Western plains
is passing away .forever. A few years
ago there were nearly 100 millionafres, ex
clusive of cattlemen, in the. Southwest,
now there are but. thirty.
MENLO PARK, July 11.— The League of
the Cross Cadets of Menlo Paik and Palo
Alto gave a military ball in Triumph
Hair here last night. Colonel Powers of
San Franclso led In the march and the
League band of San Francisco rendered
the music. Seventy-five couples danced.
The cadets attended In their new uni
forms.
Cadets Dance at a Ball.
VALLEJO, July 11.— Mrs. Thomas
Brownlie, for over forty years a resident
of Vallejo, died this evening after ashort
illness. She was the sister of Attorney
G. A. Lamont of Suisun and City Attor
ney J. A. Lamont 'of yVallejo.' Sho had
wide family connections. Rheumatism of
the heart caused her death.
Well-Known Vallejo Woman Dies.
The Southern States know but little of
labor strikes In any line.
Marco arrived in this city last spririg
from St. Louis. He was formerly man
ager of a restaurant conducted by Mrs.
Julia Klein In that city, and preceded her
here in order that he might secure a
profitable business in .which she could in
vest her. money. Marco, after arriving In
this city, wrote to Mrs. Klein to come
West and the lady obeyed his admonition.
Upon arriving here the couple engaged
apartments at 219 Eddy street and lived
together as man ani wife, claiming that
they had been married in Los Angeles.
One bright day Marco persuaded Mrs.
Klein to visit a fortune teller residing at
Charles Marco, wanted In this city on
a charge of grand larceny, was brought
back from Chicago last night by Detec
tive Jerry Dinan. It required considera
ble strategy on the part of the officer to
get his prisoner beyond the borders of the
State of Illinois and he was complimented
by his brother officers upon his clever
work.
Charles Marco Kidnaped by San
Francisco Detective in East and
Whirled Across Continent.
BROUGHT FROM CHICAGO
TO FACE LARCENY CHARGE
Dinan secreted himself and prisoner in
that town during the right and took tba
first train the following morning for this
city, arriving here last night on the Over
land Limited. •
149 Ellis street and take a peep Into the
mysteries of the future. Durlngr her
seance with the oracle, Marco, it Is al
leged, secured $7000 which she had
brought with her from the East a3 th*
proceeds of the sale of her restaurant,
and skipped out.
A warrant was sworn to for hla arrest
and Detective Dinan repaired to Chicago^
where Marco had been taken Into cus
tody. Marco managed to get out on $10,
000 bonds before Dlnan's arrival. The of
ficer secured the services of a lawyer and
the matter of extradition was taken Into
the courts. Judge Prindevllle of the Cir
cuit Court, after several delays. Informed
the California officer that if he was net
ready to proceed by last Monday he would
turn Marco loose. Monday arrived and
Dinan asked for a continuance. The
prisoner was turned loose. As he left the
courtroom he was seized by the detective
and bundled into a passing car. bound for
Joliet.
OLD IN SUED
FOR A DIVORCE
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 11.— B. F. Day
well-known pioneer resident of Seattle
Wife of Seattle Pioneer
Wants Freedom After
Forty-Four Years.
Day affirms that his wife's friends have
made things fo unpleasant for him that
he rannot live at' home and that they
have embittered his wife's mind against
him. H*» calls attention to his 73 years
and to the fact that, he and Mrs. Day
have b*>en married since 1SG9. Mrs. Day
and 73 years of age. was sued for divorce
to-day by his wife, Frances Day. The
complaint charges extreme cruelty and
infidelity. Martine Westby is named as
co-respondent. The complaint alleges
that Day and Martine Westby have more
than once assaulted Mrs. Day. It also
alleges that Day is carrying property in
the name of the woman and of other per
sons for the purpose of concealing it from
his wife. Day filed his answer a few
hours later, denying all the allegations
made by his wife and asserting that she
I?: under the influence of "one Bevington
and his wife."
SACRAMENTO, July 11.— The State
Board of Agriculture this afternoon
decided by a close vote to deed the Agri-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Board of Agriculture
Adopts Governor's
Suggestion.
is now 68 years old. Martin* Westby is
a Norwegian woman between 50 and 60
years of age. Day admits that at' one
time while financially embarrassed he
placed some property in her name He
further alleges that the relations between
plaintiff and defendant are not so strained
nor are their ways of life so far sepa
rated that they could not still spend to
gether their remaining years with mu
tual assistance and help if the plaintiff
would divorce herself from meddlesome
and maliciously disposed persons who
are trying to defraud her of her property
The Days have lived In Seattle twenty
four years and are considered very
wealthy.
The production of home-made butter in
the Northwest Territories of Canada is
nearly twice as much aa it was ten years
ago.
PARK IS GIVEN
TO THE STATE
SAUSALITO. July 11.— John S.
Nunes, one of Sausallto's oldest
and mo3t prominent citizens,
died this morning after a short
illness. Mr. Nuncs was a prom
inent member of the large Portuguese
colony In Marin County, and always a
factor in any enterprise for > the ad
vancement of his people.
The deceased settled in Sausalito
over twenty-five years ago and had been
prominent in social and political circles.
It was decided to abandon the art gal
lery feature of the State Fair for a year
or two. and next year the products of the
pumpkin patch will take the place of the
usual landscapes from the brushes of
amateur artists. The patrons of hus
bandry will conduct the exhibition In this
department of the pavilion. An effort
was made to have a secretary elected be
fore the State Fair, but It was decided to
abide by the previous resolution to lay
the matter over until after the September
exposition. Harry Lowden will continue
to act as secretary. .
The board appointed WY.S. Carlyle of
Wisconsin University and E. W. Majors
of the State University to judge the cat
tle exhibition at the coming State Fair.
Later on an aerlminous discussion took
place * between Directors Johnson and
Fox. the former charging Fox with at
tempting to bulldoze him, while Fox as
serted that Johnson had made strenuous
efforts to secure payment for a perferred
Creditor named Culv.er, a friend, while less
favored creditors had to wait for their
money. Johnson retorted that this was
an untruth and for a time things looked
squally.
Johnson said he had received an offer
from P. C. Drcscher and other Sacra
mento citizens to buy the Agricultural
Park property from the State for $40,000,
and to provide at the same timo, without
cost to the State, a choice of three sitra
for a new park. Johnson pleaded for a
postponement of sixty days to enable t)?!«
offer to be considered, but his motion was
lost. The vote on the deeding of the prop
erty stood as follows: For— Fox, Johnston
of Richland. Paine, Wilson, Whlttakrr
and Rush; against— Burke, Howard, John
son of Sacramento and Land.
Johnson assertf-d that it would b« found
the society would not be able to realize
the benefitR of the full appropriation even
after the transfer, and he intimated that
th« act presaged the removal of the fair
from Sacramento. •
cultural Park and pavilion property to
the State In return for the $45,000 appro
priated by the Legislature of 1901 toward
".he payment of the society's debts, which
amount to over $60,ou0. Governor Pardee
na.d urged this action on the score that
the terms of the appropriation required
that the property of the society should
be turned over to the State.
Director Grove L* Johnson of Sacramen
to acted as spokesman for the opposition,
maintaining that the deeding of the prop
erty would leave the society in worse con
dition than ever, since it would not en
able it to pay its Indebtedness, while it
would cause it to part with its posses
sions. Director Johnson paid he had
heard that Governor Pardeo would . re
move the directors "if they did not vote
to deed the property to the btate, but he
declared the Governor had no more pow
er to do this than to change the course
of the sun.
Besides being a member of the Portu
guese Union and the Socledad Corpus
Chrlsti, he was a member of the local
lodge of Foresters.
Mr. Nunes for .\ears had been a
prominent member of the Board of
Town Trustees, and to-day the flags of
the town are flying at half-mast out of
respect for the deceased official. He
was born on the island of St. George,
Azores, in January, 1855. The funeral
services will be held on Monday next
from his late residence here.
PROMINENT CITIZEN OF SAUSALITO AND A LEADER IN THE
PORTUGUESE COLONY WHOSE DEATH OCCURRED YESTERDAY
MORNING AS THE RESULT OF A SHORT ILLNESS.
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
John S. Nunes,Who Settled in the Town of Sausa
lito Twenty-Five Years Ago and Was a Leader in
All Civil Affairs, Passes From Life at His Home
PROMINENT MARIN PIONEER
DIES AFTER SHORT ILLNESS
31
asaasasBBEaaaaaiBiaann
b Last Week of |
1 GREAT STOCK-TAKING SALE I
K FINE NAVY CHEVIOT SUITS, newest styles, full tfQ ; S
¦ value for $20.00: closinc out price. »pO*fc^ ¦
S ELEGANT BLUE ETAMINE SUITS, richly trimmed with silk £
q and ornaments, regular $.10.00 quality, reduced to S11A. Q^fc *
a SKIRT BARGAINS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE ¦
H MISSES* TAILOR-MADE CLOTH SKIRTS, prettily trimmed, g'
g assorted colors, cut to less than halt price. p
¦ S2.00, $3.00, J4.00, J5.00, 56,00 |
B 95c, SL45, $1.95, $2.45, $2.95 a
I FORCIBLE REDUCTIONS IN CHILDREN'S CLOAKS S
S Both three-quarters and full length coats in assorted sizes, from 4. jj
¦ t- 14; colors, tan. blue, castor and black. jj
g $4.00, 56.00, f7.50, $8.50, $10.00 g
§ $1.45, $2.95, $3.45, $3.95, $4.95 a
g For special values in Ladies v Tailor Suits see our windows. 5
S 1142-1146 MARKET StRBBT, Bet - Maaon aftd Taylor - 3
BBBBIBBDBaHBaaBaBHBBUHHBBBBaBBBBBBBIBBaBaflB^
MISCELLANEOUS.
•»»»»«"»mm»mmmmlm»m3mmmsBmmsl IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION |mmmsmmmlMVmmT|
PATTOSIFN'S P^S
GREAT SEMI-ANNUAL
If you have furniture, carpets or draperies on your mind now, although you may not want the
poods to-day, you can select from these odds, and ends just what you want. Secure them now
* V and well keep them for } r ou until you want them delivered without extra cost.
Better see all the beautiful offerings at once. It costs nothing to look, and if you buy
you will save from 25 to 40 per cent. /
ODD PARLOR PIECES and
UPHOLSTERED FURNITURE
They are to be sacrificed because they are from broken Suits— factory cost is all we expect out of them.
fggl s^fb $g££o% #^% .^ COUCHES — BARGAINS
r^'s&v* 3 ? 3 iis^r^ ' > iiK"V*jtl There are exceptional values in the of-
f^^^^^k^^^^yi * r^^^Li ferings \ve put forth to-day. Every one. car-
Sf V V- v r7r"*f' r j|] jQfc^^L §§±!i§?3 J35.00 value... gir^.OO 525.00 value.. .81 (i.SO
iK»S2^|*« •• R '11^ ••' U lv'f"'S»^# : 'i'l' 'H h 1S0 ° value... 1^.50 32.50 value... ai.OO
/?& v >j M ¦ v I:' ; M?]t Q \(& 30.00 value... 1{>..">O 10.00 value... <JTJ)O
v > 2> M f > 75.00 value... ."U.IKI 20.00 value... 13.OO
Hajidaome rive-Piece Parlor Suit — Beautifully hand-carved. 3800 value... X(l.r,O 22.50 value... 14.oO
covered in tine velours, guaranteed spring upholstery. Any in- 24.00 value... J Tt.OO 40.00 value... iJ7.,">O
Ptallment house would ask you $C0 for it. Odds CQe An 60.00 value... Kl.OO 42.50 value...
and Ends Sale ftice '. S0.00 value... 55. OO 17.00 value... 1O.5O
ODD PARLOR PIECES ODD SUITS— Telling Prices wLL m~7%
Thtre is on« euH of a pattern — all proved Oak or Ei^ , 3_
At Odds and CfldS PrlCCS. popular during the past season— now the Golden Oak f~ **T, r ,'^fl
last one of each pattern is to go at actual O *T "*7 F f~>- ; / ~Y\
I«S5f? i^Sf liS^Sgl %Vti SO CO «V5 3-P.ece m aho gany ; finest £,05 5>7.75 {*- \^\
sa j e tplvct/v f-teel gprings and upholstery <? ¦ *£•<* With Fine P* ( 5I'J
$50 3-piece ir.ahrgany nnlsh CQ() Velour I — >' i'' !^-^rf
8X2.00 Oolflen Oak aocker, /»a rn fra^ e: nne , 6llk str >' cover.... <?O^ Cushions. £T" "~~
fg^u snr this n-<>olr nnlv \ll Kll **'" m««*lve 5-plece -if- . , I ¦ / l-t^—.
ffaccie scat, this week onl> mahegany finish; bro- <?^Q rrf| V 1. L-^12?
caded velvet t>T"O»O" T Sr^*^— r— CLJ/tfrr* 1
110.00 reception Ctair Q , ftft J™ r *;^ ;{ ™ *""*¦ *™ §{8 WU \ E^A if WM '\
rush seat, pretty thing s"--r $6.00 »25 .VM,- "suu.- " bV/t" uphnN ooi? 1 |J Ji^&«M^ Hi
nau stery in satin damask 5>O" \ JfeS^^^^^^^^^S l/l II
$20.00 Bom^ B«ch. gen- * n ftft C T£$£* *"":.!". ***" .^ $35 \r^^^^S 11 U
Uine Spanish bullhide. ,,o W §\\ t \)\) $125 3-plece Suii. magnifi^enti; QQH tj£T ' MS
¦ • • • caned, best covers ". OOU W^^' . . l ' .« I3&3M
S17.5O Bocker, figured tap- *** aa MODDIO OUlinO ITlf^^^®^^* HsrH
: 5^. e ' a A andba< : K ::::::::$12.00 MUnnIS CHAIRS r======^ =^ =&^H f S
rit tn »^fl«<M,« iw.r.1- ' Tre have now ~ odd Chairs that can be f Or
5...nO -.lraaeye 16 £0 AA n<> longer matched. They have found great _/¦ . . . I
B,ocker, panel back, cobbler >/% II II favor the past season. Here's what we d<> / Pattosien s \ I
F.-at *rwv th j g wee ij ; / a euaranteed up- I I
,,,. T r,^n«. Ktnoi mahop- a- m n. *25.0n Chalr..J«I«.O0 $22.tK> Chair..«13.25 holstery and II
S3.50 India Stool, mahog- »| rn *i2.oo Chair...ssMM» fi'O.in. chair .Si^.r»«» most thorough \ ft
r.r.y omsn, %ci\our s«at «Bl.t)U *2«.<X) Chair.. 8J7.«>O $ao.oo Chair..»6ls.<H» -workmanship. \ u
$2:1.00 Chair.. Sl.^.l!5 $.-53.00 Chair.. J«23.5O . „, ;;_i,.l: H^
$35.00 Chair.. J527.OO $22.50 Chair.. $14.5<> A » 1 -- *+
CARPET BARGAINS DRAPERTBARGAINS .^SBffiJ"
... ; We are satisfied to submit prices LEATHER UPHOLSTERY
Such an opportunity will not and goods, knowing that there can LCH ' "7" « rnUL ' 3 < C 0 I
come for another season. Look | e J^ a u n c ]] sc £ argains in $20 PAW A^ c s n o °™ u c f VCSf .
at the prices. Look at the 2 oods. F ™" Q or tut-ted . . ............ ffl
These prices lor this week only: nuilL u LH o ut "«-»*«i«o $30 feoamois couch,
I27GBAZST CAEPZTS. per j-a Curtains go ?n this sale at %] 7^ • •"¦ .'.'."!'.'.".'.'.'.'.!'. V«"
ard DUG onl >' Vltlel $2 « 50 PAKTASOTE STU- Mr
95 Pairs made to sell at a* pa DENT CEA1B, overstuffed. . . \IS
vt/w 90 Pair« that ought to sell /t« rA adjustable arms, oak or 'ma- SMi
sU $5 will be sacrificed for \\ Kll hogany <J»UW
TAPESTET BBITSSEX.S, per q a «yUst/V }50 PULL TURKISH /n iA
V ar <J OUC 90 Pain that would be /* r CHAIH, of best leather. \1[\
cood values at 57.50; they \S springs and filling: qnv
WH.TQ1S- VELVETS ner /•-«« P ° at $90 SOIlID MAHOOAWT, a«-
"" •.¦"-¦¦": 51.00 GREAT SPECIALS' Wm>^M-M $75
f ,^s E ?, r^^ E^:..:=60c .»f B «? E s.. 3 fl K ¦."ariose PflTTn^lFW Pfl
: quality of silkoline. two days.. 'V* lil yO 1 LlIJi
BIGELOVT I.OWSZ.I. Ci^C PIOUBED DBAPSBT SILK. iA ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ V V|
BOEY . S3USSEI ' s :. p ::.rf. r f 3>U5 o t^^^^c Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
ADVEBTISEME2fT3.
™ WHITE HOUSE
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENTS cseeona II
Announce for Monday, July 13th t
RADICAL PRICE REDUCTIONS
Women's Tailored and Walking Suits
Of Cheviot, Mohair, Broadcloth and Mixed Tweeds, in
§a variety of colorings. Exceptional value. Reduced to
$18.50, $22.50, $28.50, $32.50, $40.00
Women's Linen Suits
In Blouse or Three-quarter length Coats, trimmed
with lace or stitching, in Blue, Tan and White.
$30.00, $22.50, $18.50, $15.00
Formerly $45.00, $35.00, 527.50, $22.50
Shirt Waist Suits
Linen Homespun, lace trimmed. #i cr\
Regular value $10.50. J4.DU
Silk Shirt Waist Suits
Of Taffeta, in check or stripe effects. Reduced to
$16.50, $22.50, $26.50
Former prices £22.50, $30.00, $35.00
Fancy Foulard Suits
Extra fine quality. Reduced from $50.00. to $32.50
Dinner, Evening and Calling Costumes
Reduced to $2C0.00, $160.00, $115.00, $85.00
Former prices $300.00, $250.00, $175.00, $125.00
Women's Dress Skirts
This season's exclusive styles, in Black Crepe de
Chine, lace trimmed; also Etamines in tailored and
fancy tailored effects; all of superior quality, with
silk drop skirts.
Reduced to Q Q^
Regular prices $75.00, $55.00, $50.00, $40.00
Mistral DVess Skirts
With silk stepping; good style and fit. tf _ nA
Extra valu^ $D.UU
Women's Summer Wraps
Of Black Etamine, loose fitting, single shou'der cape,
flare sleeves, trimmed wkh broad stitched co^ _ A
bands of Taffeta silk. Worth f 35. Reduced to $dZ.D\)
Women's Silk Coats
Of Taffeta or Peau de Soie, loose or Russian blouse
effects. Reduced to
$15.00, $22.50, $27.50, $32.50
Formec prices $25.00, $35.00, $40.00. $50.00
Cloth Jackets.
Of Tin Covert, Black Cloth, Venetian and Cheviot.
Reduced to $? j,^ $22.50
Regular value $13.50 to $37.50
7 Cor.PostsKearmy Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS
% " ' ' - #
4* r^^^^^^3l^^^ S3" " J 'U^air" ' "n.'Af y""^Ttk CASCARETS Candy Cathartic, they are always put up in *%
5 It 9?=% S=3 1 %=§. » blue metal box, our trade-marked, long-tailed C en the cover *3*
* 0%<&~^ O^Vy^v^f • -rf«*^L Jk — each tablet stampedC, C.C. Never sold in bulk! Imiia- >??
<o & \ <^^*^^f€&r^ e-2 > G—'D * !^ > c?_s} ti oris an< * substitutes are sometimes offered by dealers Itoho *•»
"£ \&V &> I 1^1 "cut prices" and try and pzlm off fakes tehen CASCA- A,
6 <^-I^^S^^ML JL^ RETS are called for, because the fake pays a little more T
4+ J profit. Get the genuine CASCARETS and with it satis- **
J^ C5^^\|%[£ip^^ S faction or money refunded— read guarantee below* **
* - %
* BEST FOR BOWELS AND LIVER. *
T* VtS235^ NEVER SOLD IN BULK. <£
L THE TABLET t DRUGGISTS *$.
*. C^AltA.'VTEEDXOCITJtKmIll»«weltr»»bie«,»pi»e««cUU, bUlouieM, * OU AKAKTEBD . TO CTTRKi Ftre rein «(o tk« flnt box ofCAS- jj^
bad br^th, b»d blood, wind •» the .lomarh, bloated bovrrU. foal noutk, CAKETS wu nld. Row It liortr six ntllllo* boxes a year, greater than may mT
*Lf-uda<ibe. lndlccktloD, ptmwlri, pals* after eatlnr, liver triable, MtU*wc«nf almtlar nedlclae la tkeworld. ThU U abaolate proof of erent merit, and ¦«
Pl« ilou and c.zTAwtt. WbM T»ur bowrli don't mtir rejralarlr yon are oar beat teitlM.alal. MVm kare faith, and will mUCASOAKETS abaolntely > •
tTV la = »lelk. < onmtiputlon tUU more people than all other dlseattatocetker. naraateed to cure or money reloaded, O© bar today, two 5Oc boxes, *lve "* '
*r. It l» a starter for the ehronle allaaCBU aad loar years of •ufferia* that com« them a fair, honest trial, a* per slnale direction*, aadlfyon are not satisfied . tj>
~ ««*rwrard». X, matter what alia yoa, start tabfaa; OAbCAKETI today, for after mane one 4Oc box, retort, the anased 6Oe box aad the empty box to T
?% J, ot I.. w ' l iJ. ¦«"•¦ * et well aad beweU all the tlMe MBtll yoa pat your bowels as by mall, or tho drnreUt from whom yon parehased It, and a^t yonr money . -• •
•H- rlrhj. Take oar svdvleei start .with CA«CAJZ£TS today, uador aa absolato back for both boxes. Take oar adTlee— no matter what alls yoa- start today. A
V «aara-t^tocur..r-..eyrer-.ded. ]|Among the soldiers who returned on
the transport Thomas Thursday from the
Philippines were a large number of
wounded men j four of them being minus
an arm besides being otherwise maimed.
Corporal G. H. Styles has lost his left
arm. Sergeant R. H. Brown his left arm,
Private Louis Lewsson his right arm and
Quartermaster Sergeant S.' S.- Hafer his
right arm. while his left arm Is badly cut
and crippled.
They were all taken to the General Hos
pital at the Presidio. They had partici
pated In the battle of Bacolod, which
took place April 3, on the island of Min
danao. The fight was a very fierce one,
and was led by Captain J. J. Pershing
against the Sultan of Bacolod. who had
constructed an almost impregnable fort
on the banks of the lake. The fort was
surrounded by deep ravines and high
walls eight feet thick made of gumbo
clay. Deep cellars were dug and numer
ous tunnels were bored, some to the lake
and others to the ravines. Here the Sul
tan intrenched himself with his forces;
armed with Remington rifles, Mausers
and death dealing bolos. He had plenty
of supplies, consisting of Jars of upland
rice, comote^ and water, and was pre
pared for a 11 long siege. His men were
constantly makinr raids and It was de
cided the only way to put a stop to the
ambush warfare was to make a furious
attack and reduce the fort to ruins.
In the movement on the fort were two
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry and four
companies of the Twenty-seventh Infan
try, which had been stationed at Camp*
Vlckers on Lake Lanao; The battle last
ed two days, and finally it was decided
to scale the walls, where hand to hand
encounters took place. Most of the Mo
ros'took to their underground passages,
but In the melee Sergeant Hafer' was
struck several terrific blows with a bolo,
one of which cut his right arm off at
the;elbow: several cuts slashed Into his
knees, while his left hand was nearly
severed from his body and is! now In a
tadly crippled state. Corporal Miller had
his arm rendered useless and Private
Cosser of Company C of the Twenty-sev
enth Infantry was terribly slashed. The
place was fired and is now In a demol
ished state, and 'few if any- of the "Mo
ros escaped . unless they, managed to get
out to the lak< by the underground pas
sages. ,
The day after the battle, while the ad-
Men Who Fought at
Bacolod Return on
the Thomas.
FOUR SOLDERS
MINUS LIMBS
Eut while Mayor Olney says that these
published stories are not true, he still
refuses to say what the report contains.
"When asked for the substance of the
document he contents himself with say
ing that It will be jjiven to the people
in due time, and that inside of a month
the entire matter will be presented to
the citizens of Oakland. It was just a
week ago that the rumfcr started on the
streets that the report of Mr. Fitzgerald
had been received from Boston, where he
had .gone to prepare it, and it was as
serted that the report stated that the
only source of water supply in jHis
neighborhood that was sufficient for the
city of Oakland was controlled by the
Contra Costa Water Company, and that
the plant was worth in the neighborhood
of $10,000,000. The story carefully stated
that the figures placed upon the plant by
Mr. Fitzgerald, the expert of Mayor Ol
ney # were in excess of the valuation fixed
by Judge Hart In his famous decision
upon water rates. Mayor Olney refused
to discuss the matter at all at that time,
and so the belief grew that there might
be something to the rumor, and that the
famous engineer might have agreed with
Judpe Hart.« But Mayor Olney has punc
tured that belief, and now gives out for
the first time a sweeping denial of the
rumors both published and verbal.
The statement, emphatic and compre
hensive as it is. is most Important, for
up to the present time Mayor Olney had
refused to either affirm or deny the
rumors that have been floating around
Oakland. It means that the story that
Mr. Fitzgerald had said that the Contra
Costa Water Company held the only
source of supply for Oakland and that
its -plant Is worth between $8,000 000 and
$10,000,000 is not true.
The first and only official statement
that has come from the administration
upon the rumors about the report of Des
mond Fitzgerald upon the water supply
of Oakland is here made by The Call with
the full authority of Mayor Warren Ol
ney. Mayor Olney's statement is:
"The rumors and stories that have been
published about the report of Desmond
Fitzgerald upon the water situation In
Oakland are wholly without foundation,
and are merely a stock-jobbing proposi
tion with the hope of affecting the quo
tations of the Contra Costa stock."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 11.
Inflated Valuation of
Contra Costa Stock
Groundless.
WATER MYTH
PUNCTURED
BY MAYOR
It is the rarest thing for Mr. Sargent to
pair.t a tight skirt and the other por
traitists are following his lead. Does this
mean folds and gathers and full petticoats
for us all? The mode of the voluminous
pkirt does not accord with the fussy,
strenuous lives we all lead to-day. Im
agine any one playing golf, attending
committee meetings, boarding yachts or
driving a motor car attired, like the lady
In Mr. Furse's delight picture, in a floppy
hat and twenty yards of peach colored
glace silk!— London Ladies' Field.
Full Skirts and Fussy Lives
All the maimed soldiers are doing well,
but none of the wounds have entirely
healed. The patients are able, however,
to walk about the hospital grounds and
in a month or so expect to be discharged
and be placed upon Uncle Sam's list of
pensioners.
Corporal Claude E. Reed was nearly
cut to pieces, but survived two hours in
a semi-conscious state. Private Northam
was fearfully boloed and slashed from
head to foot. Corporal Styles was struck
a powerful blow on the left shoulder
blade and before he could recover him
self a fierce, burly Moro aimed a well
directed blow at his left arm at the el
bow and completely severed it from his
body. Two operations were necessary,
as symptoms of gangrene made their ap
pearance, and later on it was deemed nec
essary to take the -arm away from the
socket.
Some time ago Colonel V. S. Patton re
quested the Secretary of War to give him
an assignment in the Philippines when
it could be conveniently done. This was
before^Seneral Humphrey relieved Quar
termaster General Ludlngton, and as
Colonel Patton's knowledge of the routine
of the office of the quartermaster gen
eral required his presence in the War De
partment no action was taken by Sec
retary Root on the request for active duty
in the Philippines. . It was said to-day,
however, that Colonel Patton's request
will soon be granted and that he will be
assigned to duty either. In Maniula or in
San Francisco. ¦ '
vSnce guard, composed of A Troop, Fif
teenth Cavalry # was passing down a
small ravine between bowlders and tall
grasses, it was set upon by Moros, all
armed with bolos. Lieutenant Manguri,
who was walking in advance on the nar
row trail, saw the enemy hiding and gave
the alarm, but It was too late. In an in
stant the blacks were on them, cutting
right and left, and all members of the
guard were slashed up before the blacks
were overcome.
It is probable that several changes wiy
be made in the offices of the quarter
master general shortly, but it is officially
denied that the changes contemplated are
the result of any charges relating to army
contracts.
Inspector General Burton left Washing
ton to-day for an extended tour of inspec
tion In the West. General Burton will
make an inspection of all soldiers' homes
on the Pacific Coast, but this, it is
learned, is only a minor part of the work
he will perform while away from Wash
ington. Secretary Root has received com
plaints from business men on the Pacific
Coast In regard to army contracts and it
is proposed to have General Burton make
an investigation of a number of such
cases. This will include an examination of
several contracts entered into by the
quartermaster's department in Seattle
and San Francisco, where, it is charged,
the law was not strictly observed in the
purchase of equipment and supplies.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— Colonel E. A.
Garllngton, inspector general of the De
partment of the East, has concluded his
preliminary examination of the records of
the quartermaster general's office relat
ing to Government contracts with E. R.
Lyon for glove's and gauntlets for the
army. All correspondence relating to the
Llttauer case Is referred to Colonel Gar
llngton by direction of Secretary Root
and It is made plain In the office of the
Secretary of War that he has placed the
matter entirely In the hands of Colonel
Garlington for a thorough Investigation
in accordance with the regulations of the
army. It is not believed here that ex
aminations of witnesses will begin before
next week, as it is said that Colonel Gar
lington will first Inspect all documents
filed with the referee in bankruptcy pro
ceedings.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Contracts for Local Supplies
Are to Be Thoroughly
Examined.
Army Inquiry Is to Be
Extended to This
Several attempts were made last night
to Identify Zimmerman as one of the men
Implicated in the robbery of the Mills
residence and Frank Stenke's grocery
store on Point Lobos avenue. Stenke and
his wife, who noticed two men loitering
in the neighborhood on the day of the
burglary, went to the City Prison and
were confronted with the former convict,
but they stated that he was not one of
the men. George Shikaku, the Japanese
servant in the Mills residence who was
bofand and thrown Into a closet by rob
bers, said that Zimmerman somewhat
resembled one of the two men, but waa
not enough to nil the description.
A 'little boy named Allen, who lives
with his parents in the vicinity of Hayes
and Gough streets, says that about the
time the Hughes robbery was committed
he saw two men running down the rear
steps of the flat In which Mrs. Hughes
lives. He., will be taken to the City Prison
to-day to see if he can identify Zimmer
man as one of them.
After three days of Investigation the
police have come to the. conclusion that
the brutal robbery of . Mrs. Thomas
Hughes In her residence at 314 Gough
street was committed by Fred Zimmer
man, a former convict, now held on sus
picion, 'and a confederate whom the de
tectives have been unable to identify.
They have . knowledge that Zimmerman
has been working with a confederate, but
so far as can be learned the latter has
no police record. The detectives hope to
effect his capture within a day or two.
Jf. is said by the police that Zimmer
man has been In the habit of visiting
Mrs. Rubenstein, who lives in the sama
house With Mrs. Hughes and who is sup
posed to have had knowledge of the re
ceipt by -the latter of the $500 from the
street car company. On the day of the
robbery Mrs. Rubensiein was summoned
to Captain Martin's office and subjected
to a severe questioning, which developed
nothing, however, that would connect her
with the crime. Yesterday the alleged
visits of Zimmerman to her rooms came
to light . and' it is probable she will be
made to undergo another examination
and possibly be held in custody pending
the completion of the investigation.
Zimmerman will be taken before Mrs.
Hughes to-day or to-morrow in the hope
that she may be able to identify him as
one of the men who assaulted and robbed
her. This Is regarded as doubtful, as the
woman declares she got only a fleeting
glimpse of the man who threw her to the
floor and covered her face with a cloth
and the only 'impression she has of him
is that he wore a black beard, which ap
peared to her to be false.
ROOT SENDS
GENERAL TO
INVESTIGATE
LINK ZIMMERMAN
WITH THE CRIME
mm; ¦ ¦ - ¦•,,• -v, . ¦ ¦ ¦ • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12,. 1903.
32
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Who Have Contracted
Disorders
PERMANENTLY
The Leading Specialist
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
The progress In the study . of con-
tracted disorders in the past few yearn
has resulted In my advanced methods
of securing permanent results." In my
practice 1 use special methods of Irrl-
' gatlon. and a method of my own devis-
ing for installations that cure gonor-
rhoea PERMANENTLY in from 3 to 10
days. I make frequent Inspections ¦¦ of ¦
the canal by means of a small el«>ctrle-
light.- which enables -me to see and to
i treat each inflamed part separately,
¦ and I am also enabled to show the pa-
tient himself the conditions that actu-
ally exist Following my treatment
there are no evil after results. There
Is no stricture to fear, not the slightest
chance of a chronic condition . (some-
times called gleet), but there is COM-
PLETE healing of the Inflamed and
poisoned tissue. Never. use harsh in-
jections or drastic slnternal remedies Uf*
stop the discbarge, for if you do it is
certain that In the future you will find
your state worse than ever. I guaran-
tee you a PERFECT CURE, and as
well as that 4
t YOU CAN PAY WHEN CURED
( Drl.O.. C. Joslen
J Cop. Market and Kcarriy Sts.
I Private Entrance 702 Market Street.
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
WHY NOT RIDE A , _,„ __ T , TT ,
WOLF-AMERICAN MORPHINE
BICYCLE I? Liquor BabiU Posi-
_, P tirely and Qniekly
. ThU Season? CrmiJ NO PATH
The New Models Are I ?.l ZhvrvKiJa
Now in. II SUFFERING.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Y, H. Wllln»fl»rV ?n
Bicycles and Sportlas M IDE "MOUM 10.
W luSlS&I ST. 8.F.
E. J, ENSIGN & CO, „, TRUSSES...
(Formerly • of firm of _; ......
Ensign * McGufflcR.) 5&ffi B ffi£S™J
LBbricatin g niF.S CBBnlr .nJ^a,^
... ; v **^ MB""/ rrtmpt Attention
Paints, Varnishes, Etc. _ IT _ _ _.„. .
32 Sacramento St. 1 ™°S- GINNEVER.
1713 Market St.. S. F.
Telephone Bush 850. Phone Howard 3093.
ELASTIC " WFFKIY fiill
STOCKINGS Wt^ LT bALL
AMO H n oS{al S BX r . terS - •* I6 P »6CS
Suspensories. — _^ __
Made to order at the tjJI.OO
•10 Kills st.
JOHw a^y ELU «»Per Year..
t\if A r\f\f\ H0T SPRINGS, SONOMA
¦V#T ZJ/v/vA COUNTY; only 4Vi hours
Un/IVVU from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Spring Creek: good tr6ut
streams : teleohone. telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only 55 50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7::H) a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
I guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1C02 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau. It Montgomery st.: also at
Traveler office, 030 Market St., or of J. F.
MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Open all year round. The nearest natural
Hot Sulphur Springs to San Francisco.
Temperature 115 degrees. No staging. Faro
$1 10. 8ure cure for rheumatism, asthma and
all kindred ailments. We have five different
hot sulphur springs and tub and plunge baths
and the largest mineral water swimming tink
in the State. Competent lady and gentleman
masseurs In attendance: also swimming In-
structor. Table and rooms first class. Inquire
Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or address Theo.
Richards, Agua Callente, Sonoma County, Cal.
CANir VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
vllle, with a mile and a half frontage on the
Russian River. Tents in a beautiful grove of
redwood, oak. madrone, laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms $10 . per week. Railroad,
fare, round trip from San Francisco, $2 50.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS, Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County, Cal. : [
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful . stomach waters,
Bwlmmlng pond, games, livery; $0 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's 11 Montgomery st..
or H. H. McGOWAN, Seigler, Laka Co., Cal.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage, $14 60. good for season. Kates,
$10 per - week. . . * - -¦.' ¦ ¦'"¦¦-'.¦
OCEAN VILLA.
SANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. Boating and bathing .free.
Dancing, billiards. Free bus. R. • M. CLARK.
" BONNIE NOOK
Alt. 4000 ft.; half ml. sta.; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. D. WIARD,
Towle. - Placer County. Cal. - ','¦«-.•.
nVPD PADV TMN aD(1 cot tages; 6 ml. from
VCLif I AKlV inn Lake Tahoe: open June
*1 : elev. C507 ft. ; mineral spgg. : Traveler, lUu
Mkt st. ; booklet. J. , B. Scott. D««r Pirk. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARiUM^XL? 56 '
- Hydrotherapy,- electricity. X-ray, manage, etc.
Modern. Ideally located. ' Send for, literature.
F A HI R CT 1 HI EC Uklah. -Tourists,; camp-
EAULEMADLcy ers, hunters. V/rlte to H
A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout
YOUR CITY ADDRESS
IS IN TBE DIRECTORY
BUT THE ADDRES3 OT IOC3
SUMMER RETREAT 13 IN
"Vacation 1903"
ISSUED BT THE
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY
And wblch contains over a hundred
pages, giving full particulars ta regard
to mineral spring rmortj, select camp-
lag spots, and country boms* and
farms where summer boarders art
taken, together with tho terms, whicfc
* range from $7.C0 e«r week up.
To b« had In respouw to s> mall request. o»
at Ticket Offices. 650 Market street (ChronlcU
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
street; General Office. Mutual Lir« Building.
corner Sansome and California streets. Saa
Francisco.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOHTEBEY COUMTX, CAL.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-class
table. Send for beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates to F. W. Schroedcr.
Manager, or San Francisco Agent, II
Montgomery street.
Hotel Rowardennan.
BEN LOMOND, SANTA CRCZ COUNTT.
ALWAYS OPEN.
Regular season opens June 1. under entirely
new and progressive management. For Infor-
mation and free booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery street: the Railway Handbook.
630 Market street. San Francisco, or t»
H. F. ANDERSON. Proprietor.
A. C. ROSCOE. Manager.
SAN LUIS tfOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
THE IDEAL. SPOT OF THE PACIFIC
COAST. Surrounded by wocd-covered hills,
lire oak and sycamora groves. Fishing, boat-
ing, ocean beach one mils. Hot sulphur bath*
free to guests. Miraculous cures of rheuma-
tism, liver, kidney and womb troubles. Th«
greatest resort on th« coast for health and
recreation. Rates S9 to $14 per week. Rcuna
trip by rail or steamer at reduced rates. Ad*
dress San Luis Oblspo. Cal.
H0BTH8H0M JOCALOMA ¦g»
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families A parties; fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tele-
phone, JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin office*
every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m., or No. Saoro R, R-.
620 Market st.
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3S53 feet: open all
year. Headquarters Mount Shasta climbers;
plentiful table; fine flshlng and drives. Par-
ticulars Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery, S. T.
OWN A HOME »iS& u - CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lou $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $30 up. Boating. bath-
Ing, tenting ground: sawmill, depot, stor*. P.
O. Sausalito ferry. M. C MEEKER, Cams
Meeker. Sonoma County.
STT&nSXT HOUSE,
Bollnas Ridge. Marln County, 1S00 feet abov»
tea level, refurnished and under new manage-
ment. Boarders any period. Parties and clubs
catered for; 8 miles from Ross Valley*. II 30 re-
turn bv staga from San RafaeL Terms, O.
CRANFIELD. j
WHITE STT&FXTJK SFSXaTGS — Most
accessible, springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stage fare. Only 2H hours* rtd«:
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and prang*
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism*
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach)
diseases. Beautiful grounds and IsJia for boat-
Ins: and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowlina;
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 a we«k aa<I
up. Addr«»s MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WITTER aiEDICAI. SPKXSas, Laka
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed tabla an.l
best mineral water on earth; hotel onea for
guests the entire year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Trouble*.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Vklaa.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. main of-
fice and water depot, 016 Market St.. S. P., or
R. McConnlck. Witter Springs. Laka Co.. Ca"-
TBTJCXXB BITES COUNTTYT CT.TJB
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Third
Season opens June 1. Fishing Unexcelled; rain.
bow trout; hatchery enlarged. Sierra, attrac-
tions. New management. MR. and MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. 43 Nevada block.
S. F.. or Verdi. Nev.
THE OZrrSESS— A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblentz. formerly with Mar-
c hand's and Delmontco. has entir* supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Swimming
baths, hot springs. Hunting, flshlng; $10. $13
and $14 per week. $2 50 per day. Information
Cal N. W. Ry.. 630 Market st_: also FABIU3
FERAUD. Prop.. The G«ys«rs. .Sonoma Co.
"X«ATJB£Xi DELL' — The only lako re-
sort in the State that ha* Its own mtnarat
springs and a chemically pun spring. Boating,
•wlmmlng. marine toboggan, new livery tally-
ho coach, croquet, bowling, new walks ' and
drives. Pamphlets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery
st. E. DUP.NAN. proprietor. Laurel Dell. Laka
County.
FESCASSBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodlout
cottages, beautiful grounds, ramous peobU
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phont.
Rates. $8 and $10 per week. W. U 8TEVEN3.
Proprietor.
BSATJT1ITU.I* CAM? MMKEE— \
grand family resort In the redwood mountain.*
of Sonoma Co.; climate, and water perfe?:.
over 10O cottages already built: lots tor sals:
boating, bathing and other amusements: excel-
lent table: rates $C per week: take Sausallt*
ferry. Address H. M. GREGSON. SoU Prop.
KOTEIi X.A EONSA— Situated In tha
Redwoods. Good trout fishing. T«lepaone.
Booklet. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Utnda. Saa
Mateo County. CaL
PIKE GSOTE HOTEL — Sierra Re-
sort: alt. 3200 It.: lst-elass accom.: malaria A
asthma cured; phone; temperance house; SH
wk. E.H.Moody. pro.. Gold Run. Placer Cn..Cal.
AMONG THE PINES— Alt. 202-1 ti.
Wood's/finch; $6-$3 weak: positive no con-
'sumptlVes: write for pamphlet. RobL •*•
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cat.
BESaESHETM — In the Santa Crua red-
woods: $7 and $3 weekly. For circulars *n:»
Mrs. E. Wilken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Crus.
VA/LLOW RANCH — A charming spo« BsV.tfW
vv Santa Cruz redwoods; milk fruit, spring
water, dally mail: excellent table. $8 SO P**
, wk. MRS. WM. Cr.ANDELL. S*aU Cru*. C*»
Known everywhere as the largest and
most choice mountain resort In the Pa-
cific States: located In the scenic moun-
tain region of Lake County; elevation,
2375 feet.
All kinds of amusements to occupy your
mind and the wonderful Bartlett Water
to repair your body: cool nights. The
climate is the best In the world for health
and there are no mosquitoes or fleas.
Mineral, tub, steam and massage baths;
large swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams for the
sportsman.
Two routes: Via Southern Pacific or the
California and Northwestern.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, BARTLETT
SPRINGS. LAKE CO., CAL., or apply
to Water 6fflce, 2 Sutter street. San Fran-
cisco.
Pamphlet mailed free.
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7:30 a." m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN &. JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
Santa Catalina Island
8V4 Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1003.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, EOATINO. BATHING.
FISHING, GOUT. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
Grove.
HOTEL METBOFOLE,
i With Modern Appointments, Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU, 11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OPENS JULY 15th
HOTEL "BpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWI3HT WAY. BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First- class.
J. S. MARSTON. Manager.
Correspondence Solicited. •
La Moine
First-class hctel on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
centlj eniarctd, furnishing modern accomrro-
datlone. Including electric llg!:ts. Keet FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento ltiv-
er. Finest scenery In the woriii. Two trains
daily to and from San Francisco. <5o to sleep
In Oakland and wake up at I-.i Mo!ti<\ and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. Address all
communications to CLIFFORD 'JOCIOINS,
Mgr., La Moine. Cal.
gLUE j^AKES
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty of
boating, bathing, flshlng and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation size. Eend
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlako
P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
JULY IS THE IDEAL MONTH TO VISIT
JETNA SPRINGS.
Charming cottage life combined with first-
class table service makes It the best family
resort In the State. Walks, drives, rides and
all kinds of amusements. Prices to suit every
one. Round-trip rate from San Francisco $7.
Write for pamphlet. Address
AETNA SPRINGS COMPA1TV
Actna Spring's, Napa Co., CaL
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. Long ' distance
phone. Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and U p. m. Write for pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON.
U0T7XT.UH VIEW BA2TCK HOTEIi
And cottages In heart of mountains, near
Santa Cruz. Our table is our recommendation:
Ist-clasii accom.; new lmpvts.; gas through-
out; terms, $S up; phone, swimming tank,
amusements, croquet, bowling alley, dally
i mall; campers' tickets to Glenwood, Inc. stage.
$3 75 round trio.
FRANK R. DANN. Santa Crux.
YXXiLA rONTXNAY — rirat-class resort;
Santa Cruz Mts.; hotel, cottages; croquet,
tennis, billiards, bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights; table first class; $10 to $14:
phone; campers' return tickets, $2 50; clrcu-
lars. J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. ' Cal.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New, modern 80-roozn hotel; Ross Valley;
first-class every par. ; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10,' 11 2
trains Kent sta. MR. tt MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marin Co.
La Honda and Pescadcro
Buy . your railroad ticket to Redwood City.
0 a. m. train from Third and Townsend sts.
and 0:20 am. train from San Jose; connect
•with ¦ stage direct. Address WALTER
KNIGHT. Redwood City. s
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
. SANTA CHUB —OUR T AX2TS.'
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St.. or S. V. Co.. 613 Market su
B. DICKINSON, Prop., Ben Lomond. CaL . .
SUMMIT HOTEL
And cottages. Santa Cruz Mts., mile from
Wrights; new management; fruit, milk, cream;
$8, 910. $12 week. Information 11 Montgomery'
St.. S. F.. or Summit Hotel. Wrights. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK.* SISKIYOU CO.. CAL.
Finest flshinc. hunting and , health resort on
tha coast, bend for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. Proprietors,
ADVERTISEMENT^
Extra Dry. ¦
Importations for six months ending June 30;
§l 9 £lv ======
Being greater, by far, than the importations for
any previous six months.
The Extra Dry of the superb 1898 Vintage now
arriving is conceded to be the choicest
Champagne produced this decade.
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
liver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced in advising their use (free). BATHS of
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of Interest, many of which,
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS. CROQUET. PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD, FREE' SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walk* and
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-flnlshed rooms; first-class table; electrto
lights.
Rate*. $10 to $10 a week.
For booklet and other Information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau, 11 Montgomery •*-•
"Travelers* Bureau." 630 Market st.. or address
CRAIG & Kr.P.R,
Highland Springs, Lake Co.. Cal.
j VXDSE7YYITE»S~|
' | ROARING I '
|W/\TERFV\LLS>|
In July will equal those of an ordinary June.
Good authorities say there are vpots where He
60 feet of snow still unmelted. Every tent waa
crowded In June. There will be more room In
July and. besides, the water Is down enough
for trout to bite. You can eat trout often.
CAMP CURRY
IS THE PLACE
Learn about It at \'l ZJontgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market street (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE).
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
.\ AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs, Lak» County, get
the crowd? Because it cures. It ts tha> best
water, has the best climate and gives tha best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau.
650 Market street, or by addressing
DR. W.^R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; |10 to |14 per week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket, 8. P. of-
fice, $8. For particulars ca n a t Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prop. ; mail via Mlddletown.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the rectntion of guests.
Our patrons of last season say t "Tahoe
Tovern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel in the world,"
and that Lake Taboe has no equal. Visit as
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
fr»m $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tihca Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT. j
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINTS
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL DEL CAZADEBO
ElilU QBOVE HOTEL.
Under a new and progressive management.'
Everything renovated inside and out. Good
hunting, fishing, bathing, boating, dancing.
New stables and first-class meals. No stag-
ing. Depot on the ground.
Take Sausalito Ferry. Round-trip tickets,
good for six months. $3 73. Rates, (2 per day,
$10, $12 and $14 per week. J. J. THIRION,
Proprietor. Cazadero. Sonoma County.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air: hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop.. Oakvllle. Napa
Co., or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
RUBICON F-A.R,X.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lakn Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing:
bring suits. Fishing, hunting. Boats, flshlng
tacUe; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
JIB per week. Postofflce, tel. A. L.'FKOST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah, Mendocino Co. Natural
¦ electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first
class- J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two mlies from Hopland. Mendocino County.
Unsurpassed ' mineral waters: fine hotel and
flr«t-cla«s table. Rates $10 to $12. Furnished
housekeeping cottages. J. S. HOWELL, Pro-
Erietor.
MONTRIO HOTEL
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management: all refltted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating; fresn
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Montrio. CaL
NORTHC On Tomales., Bay, near depot, a
"„"!„) nlct hotel* Good table. Place
SHORE \ for Tomales Bay Clams. Fresh
H /v T ci / milk. $1 60 per day. $» per week.
HO 1 CL. [ Mrs. Shields. Marshall. Marln Co.
~ PBEI!MAH HOTEI..
Auburn. Placer. Co.. CaL Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort in tbe foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Elsctrle lights.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN & WALSH. Proprietors.
LOTUS FAKU STJMMEB EESOttT— 3%
miles from Naca, :n tha redwouds. Natural
lake, boat riding, fishing. Unr drives, hunting
Terms. $8 and up per week; children under U.
$5 per week. Carriage to or from Napa. 73c
J. TEPLY. Prop.. Napa. CaL: p. Q. box 1^>.
ELITE HOT2L, Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
C0UA1LHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and now open for summer guests. Rates re*.
•onabia. *¦
ADVEBTISEMEyTS.
If you are in need of a
good, serviceable Hair Mat-
tress with Amoskeag tick-
ing, full siz*, 30 lbs. weight.
Regular $15.00 value : this
week $9.5O
CASH or CREDIT
The purchaser who pays
cash and the purchaser
who buys on credit both
receive Ihe same goods at
the same price in the store.
Complete
Home - Furnishers.
Free Delivery Within
1OO Mi!es
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 . . POST ST.
CURES AIL EYE DISEASES. \ -* MgE?
BiflAMEO CrtS. SCALES C« UDS^S^. j _. jfi^
GRANULATION ETC. •• 2 *xZZZJr
California «unlight. strong winds and alkali
dust oeuse eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murine ie a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart.
«ooth»« rye pain.
The laboratories of the Murlne Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest In the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
Q-^i *^' <^ *<^^>^^'»^^^^^.a
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
tHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
& Cl issimrtTST.ttt.fctt-?&,s.r.fci. A
\ C3r "¦ rbr '- ar K est Anatomical Museum in tbe \
A __5l- - w «"d- WMton»« or any contracted Q
y «!£ SCT dii*«te r»* l « l »*- | 7«-«»-«^h.vtheoldc!,t T
O J l»g ipeualiit on the Coiit fcst. 36 year*. Q
A nWSA CH. JOROAN-DISEASES CF KEH S
1 I £T$*1J I Consultation free Mid itrictly priratr. \
a I \piJ f Treaimer.t prrvorJilly or by Inter. A A
V A *jr rt I Ponstvr Curt in e»ery ca>.e undertaken. W
Anil ill I Write for Book. rHILOMOf HV«ri
r • It \\ H£lttt:*GK. MAILED FKEE. (Af
> (i ii **'uAble book lor mra) . \
V nit. JOBD1XACO. 1051 Market st.S. F. /
•3 qfc. 1b -»J> "¦> Tfr ¦^"tt»^»i'Tfc^fc-*?>0Lord Avebury, the president of the Sel
borne Society, took the chata: at the recent
annual meeting; and conversazione. He al
luded to several of the many lines of
work upon which the association is en
gaged, to wit, the interest which it is tak
ing in the home counties nature study ex
hibition, the bird sanctuaries arranged
for and the protection of plants. Lord
Avebury claimed that near London plants
now needed more looking after than birds,
and anoted instances from his own ex
perience; he also pointed out how easy it
was for country clergymen to follow In
the steps of the great Gilbert White. Sir
John Cockburn also alluded to plants and
the advantage of the study of flowers to
children, saying that in this respect we
might as well be children. As chairman
of the nature study exhibition held last
year, he wished all success to the new
undertaking mentioned by Lord Avebury.
Sir George Kekewich said that of all the
objects of the Selborne Society he would
put nature study first. Dr. Bowdler
Sharpe gave an illustrated lecture on Sel
borne, and Andrew Pears, who recently
bought the Wakes, offered a cordial wel
come to the members of the society who
are to visit Selborne in June next.—Na
ture. ;';.' r: . "."*/ "-V
Natural History Study.
In spite of prejudice, the Japanese paper
serviette is making headway, and perhaps
it would become even more popular If it
were not for its . brilliant decoration,
which rather jars upon the taste of people
who associate the refinements of the ta
ble with spotless white linen. But the
paper handkerchief has . even greater
claims upon our approbation. A hand
kerchief which is merely an ornamental
adjunct to a lady's toilet is all very well,
but there is no innate daintiness about
the mouchoir and its uses. The washing
of one which has seen the service for
which it was Intended Is by no means a
task for the fastidious, and with our in
creasing: knowledge of the spread of dis
ease it is a question if it is not a reason
able sanitary precaution that all Buch
should be destroyed. If that idea once
got into the public mind the future of the
paper handkerchief should be assured. It
is portable, it is not - unpleasant to use,
it is sanitary and it is cheap. At the
price of a farthing apiece four of them do
not cost more, than- the price of launder
ing a cambric handkerchief, and there is
the original cost of the linen in addition.
Besides, as ev.ery one knows, our hand
kerchiefs have a mysterious way of van
ishing at the wash. — The Hospital.
Proper Handkerchiefs.
Many makers are now building gas en
gines of 2500 horse power, and are ready
to' double this efficiency.
A Memphis, Tenn., dispatch to the
Aitanta Constitution states that "the
utterance of the Rev. Dr. Dwlght HIHIs
of Brooklyn, about making up the bed of
Booker Washington should he be a visitor
at his home, met with condemnation in
this part of the South; and several of his
admiring friends of McKenzie. Tenn..
sent him a purse of 30 cents." This was
accompanied by a sarcastic note., sisned
"Admiring Friends."
Sent Him Purse of Thirty Cents.
The indictment of three prominent citi
zens of Indianapolis for conspiracy to
bribe the chairman of the Board of Pub
lic Works is a stroke of petty partisan
politics which can hardly fall to hurt
those who are responsible for it. Hilton
U. Brown and his associates are not
criminals and the best lawyers agree that
they kept within the law in the attempt
they made to procure proof $hat police
officers aro not doing their duty. There is
always a degree of lawlessness in cities
the size of Indianapolis and the organ
ized effort of good citizens is necessary
to keep vice and crime in restraint. Mr.
Brown and his associates were working
to this end and the means they employed
were such as are frequently Invoked, in
fact, the only effective way. , Their In
dictment ; will be resented by the good
people of \ Indianapolis and the State— •
Kokomo Tribune.
To Keep Crime in Restraint.
How Boston Would Have It.
This is Secretary Shaw's version:
"Go ask papa.** the maiden said.
He knew that her papa was dead;
He knew the life her father led.
And understood her when she said:
"Go ask papa."
And a Chicago paper translates it into
Bostonese thus:
"Repair to and Inquire of paterfamilias."
ejaculated (he adolescent unmarried female.
He was aware that her paternal ancestor had
gone to that undiscovered country from
whose bourne no traveler returns;
He was cognizant of the Irregularities In her
progenitor's earlier existence.
And consequently he had no difficulty in com
prehending the full force of her comment as
applicable to himself when she observed:
"Repair to and Inquire of paterfamilias."
— Pittsburs; Press.
The successive developments of diffi
culties in the financial affairs of the
newer industrial combinations keep
alive a somewhat indiscriminate feeling
of distrust of that whole class of secur
ities The direct news from the crops
has been considered favorable and the
Weather Bureau's weekly summary re
ported the most favorable, week of the
season. But prices of the cereals have
advanced, and the fear of an unfavor
able showing of conditions by the Ag
ricultural Department s . monthly re
port has proved the dominant factor in
the grain and stock market. The ele
ment of risk for the corn crop by rea
son of its lateness has also been much
dwelt upon in stock market circles.
Prices of bonds have* settled to a
lower basis generally, although some of
the favorite active issues have been
comparatively, steady. United States 2s
advanced %. the 3a and old 4s % • and
the 5s Vi per cent, as compared with
the closing call last week.
DISTRUST OF" COMBINES.
obstructed the supply of material as
well as the delivery of products. But
reports of the iron and steel trade, of
increasing production of pig iron, ac
cumulating stocks, a yielding tendency
in the market for products and rumors
of a cut in steel billets proved more In
fluential upon the market for the securi
ties than the claims for earnings. Stocks
of independent iron and steel companies
and stocks of the metal industry gener
ally became weaker.
Funeral of Delehanty.
CLEVELAND. July 11.— The funeral "f
Ed pe'ehanty. the I all player, whose body
was d!5=e<iv*>red in the Niagara River, was
h<"M here to-day. *¦
Understanding these distinctions the
visitor at a college function, watching the
long procession of notables file to their
places upon the platform, can recognize
at a glance the degree attained by each,
the faculty that recommended him for it,
and the university that conferred it Oc
casionally he may err in the last point,
for a man officially connected with a col
lege courteously displays Ub colors in his
hood instead of those of his own alma
mater.— N. Y. Times.
Matriculation at the college entitles the
Ftudent to wear a sown and a mortar
board of black woolen material, usually
serge. When he wins his bachelor's de
gree he may attach a hood three feet long
to his gown, made of the same woolen
Ftuff and lined with the colors of his
alma mater. When the bachelor attains
the master's decree or the doctorate he is
entitled to wear a silken gown and hood,
the latter four feet long. The doctorate
entitles him also to wear a panel, out
lined with his college colors, beneath his
hood, and to exchange the black tassel
on his mortarboard for one of gold.
Even th« sleeve changes with the value
of the degree. The open pointed sleeve of
the bachelor's gown is closed for the mas
ter, and the doctor wears a round one
trimmed with bars of velvet. The doctor's
degree being the highest In the gift of a
university, his attire is the most distin
guished In appearance. He may.' if he
choose, adorn his gown with velvet'fac
ings, black, or of the color that indicates
the Fpecial faculty which recommended
him for the degree. White stands for the
school of arts and letters; blue for phil
osophy; scarlet for theology: purple for
law; yellow for science, and green for
medicine. ¦ * .
The casual glance notes little if any
difference in the appearance of the vari
ous gowns, but the initiated eye can tell
instantly not only the exact degree of
scholarship attained by the wearer, but
also the faculty of learning that awarded
it and the university where it was ob
tained. There are other distinguishing
points, but the main ones may be sum
med ud as follows:
Some persons may call this peculiar at
tire a piece of antiquated flummery, but
even they admit that the sombre robes,
relieved here and there by the brilliance
of the hood lining* and of the many hued
velvet facings, lend beauty as well as dig
nity to the assemblage gathered upon the
platform.
At most college functions, and particu
larly fo during commencement festivities,
th«» academic cap and gown are in con
ptant evidence. Undergraduates and
newly fledged bachelors proud of their
right to the distinctive garb, visiting al
umni glad thus to link arms once again
with a vanished past, the august faculty
body, and those of the official guests
whose scholastic attainments entitle them
to the privilege, al) don the flowing robe
and toj) it with the quaint and taaseled
mortarboard.
How the Degrees of Scholarship
of the Wearers May Be
Known.
STYLES OF GOWNS
OF MANY COLLEGES
Mrs. Raventos has accepted the offer
o/ a Port Natal firm to purchase this
ereat number of carnations and plans to
leave here within a short time. She will
po from New York to London, thence to
Cape Town and from there to Durban,
in Natal. Her son Enrique will enter
Santa Clara College and remain as a stu
dent during her absence.
m. '.¦'¦¦'..?. t ? t » t .»..»..« « t t..t. .
coins to Durban, in South Africa,
there to deliver the fragrant cargo to
florists, who desire to cultivate the flow
ers in fields near the furrows of the re
cent war.
/ —^, ANTA CLARA. July 11. -With 20,
\wJ 000 of Caiiiornias beautiful car-
nation plants. Mrs. Antolin Ra-
ventos. a florist of this town, is
f racial Dispatch to The Call
Carnations From California
Are to Be Taken to
South Africa.
ATHENE, July 11.— The new Greek Cab-
Inet is constituted as follows: M. Ralli.
Premier aV.d Minister of Foreign Affairs
and ad interim Minister of Finance; M.
SiavromSchalta, Minister of the Interior;
Colonel Constant inlde«. Minister of War
and ad interim Minister of the Navy; M.
Merlopulto. Minister of Justice; M. Phar
macaceoulo. who If a nephew of M. Dp
]y;4nr:i5. the distinguished Greek states
man and former President, Minister of
Public Instruction. ,-»
New Greek Cabinet
SANTA CLARA FLORIST WHO
WILL GO TO SOUTH AF
RICA.
The effect of this development upon
the stock market of- the latter part of
the week has been aggravated by the
heavy liquidation manifest in the United
States Steel stocks in -face of the offi
cial claims of satisfaction with the quar
terly earnings of the corporation pub
lished during the week.
The decline in net earnings, compared
with the corresponding quarter of last
year. Is explained . by the prevailing
freight blockade in the railroads, which
But the most striking Indication of
this condition of the money market has
been the action of New York Central
stock in face of the needs of the cor
poration to raise capital for carrying out
the extensive terminal Improvements
which it has undertaken. The infer
ence that the J17.000.000 of stock In the
company's treasury might be coming on
the market has resulted in a precipitate
downward plunge in the market price
of the stock. The general mortgage 3 1-2
per cent bonds of the -company, of
which a residue in the treasury are
available for issue, have, also broken
through par. for the first time in their
history *o several points below.
The renewed weakness of Pennsylvania
and its breaks through the previously pro
tected minimum at 123 to 121% had al
most as much effect on speculative senti
ment as the slump in New York Central.
St. Paul's drop to li4V£ was of almost
equal Influence. These stocks, as well
as Southern Pacific and Amalgamated
Copper, broke through their previous low
levels for the year and thus began the
uncovering of fresh stop-loss orders,
which had been pretty well up
above the year's previous low levels.
ONI/Y A TEMPORARY RALLY.
The temporary rally on the bank state
ment was of little significance, as the
loss of cash, which was expected to be
nominal, ran to $3,306,000, with to-day's
exports of gold still to figure in the av
erages. The satisfaction over the loan
contraction was an offset. Neither could
it be said that the weakness of the mar
ket was due to the Government crop re
port, the conditions disclosed by that
statement being about as was expected,
with the known progress of the crops
since the first of the month as an offset.
The reactionary tendency of the grain
markets to-day was evidenced against the
supposition that the crop report was dis
appointing. The market closed active and
near the lowest, the few late rallies not
being well held.
The dullness and hardness which char
acterized the stock of the early part of
the week gave way to sharp declines la
ter. The outcome pointed to the inference
that hopes were entertained that the eas
ing of the money market, which is usual
at the turn of the fiscal year, would bring
some demand for securities into the mar
ket. This hope was disappointed and it
became obvious that efforts to liquidate,
were awaiting any increase In the ab
sorptive power of the market. Whatever
favorable developments occurred in the
general situation were Ignored and the
selling of slock of all classes was freely
pursued.
The most notable of these favorable de
velopments was the showing of railroad
earnings made in the reports for the
fourth week of June of gross earnings
and the net returns for May. The coal
ers were conspicuous in the general ten
dency toward Increases over the corre
sponding period of last year, both in' the
net returns for May and the gross earn
ings for the later period. As a conse
quence there were some early advances in
the price of this class of stocks. The in
crease in gross earnings for the fourth
week in June, for the roads reporting,
was 25.54 per cent, compared, with the cor
responding period of last year. The In
creases in net earnings for May, compared
with the preceding May for the roads so
far reporting amount to more than 11 per
cent.
SPECULATORS ARE PESSIMISTIC.
This encouraging showing was ignored
In the general speculation and attention
was concentrated on the more unfavor
able factors in the outlook. The surface
ease and quiet in the money market were
regarded as somewhat illusory and prob- '
ably due to some other cause than abund
ance of available funds. For one thing,
money lenders are inclined to keep a large
proportion of their holdings in easily ac
cessible form, and, as a consequence,
there aro free offerings of. call loans and'
time loans for the shorter periods. It is
known that large stock commission
houses In Wall street, which have sup
plied themselves with time money for a
prolonged period as a precautionary meas
ure, are keeping much of it "out on call.
For periods of six months and longer
there Is an active demand for money and
extreme conservatism In placing It. The
situation is complicated with the week's
large outgo of gold.
The week's break in the cotton market
was regarded hopefully in the financial
district as promising to put an end to
artificial conditions existing in that mar
ket, but the later cotton market seemed
to show the speculative forces still In
control.
Another symptom of the underlying
hardness of the money market is the re
ported difficulty of securing funds by
financial syndicates and the high interest
rates which it is understood are being
paid. The current reports in Wall street
are that notes issued by the various rail
road companies sharing In the new con
trol of Hocking Valley bear interest at the
rate of 6 per cent, and a high rate of In
terest was rumored also on the money
borrowed in the change of control of a
portion of the Oregon Short LJne system.
NEW YORK CENTRAL'S SLUMP.
The closing out from time to 'time of
old standing underwriting syndicates
shows a considerable portion of the un
derwritten issues left In the hands of the
syndicates, and efforts to market these in
the open market have resulted in some
quick declines. The offer to extend a ma
turing 7 per cent bond of the Burlington
system for two years on a 4 per cent ba
sis was regarded as Indicative of the dis
inclination to attempt ¦ the Issue of new
securities at this time. ;.V\;:
• NEW YORK. July 11.— The stbek mar
ket was again subjected to severe selling
pressure to-day under the impulse of the
same motives that have \ prompted the
selling for the two days previous. The
pressure upon New York Central was the
most conspicuous feature of the market
and carried the price down to 114%. an
extreme decline from yesterday of 4»£ and
from last week of-11%. The attack upon
the markej was obviously in professional
hands, but It was equally evident that the
bear tactics were based upon knowledge
or conviction of the existence of large
orders to liquidate in the market. Beyond
the unshaken conviction of the necessity
of an early increase In New York Central
capital Issues, there was no immediate
news to account for the general decline
and it seemed to be based as much as
anything on a general belief that a read
justment of the price level of securities
must be made to conform to new condi
tions In the money market and industrial
affairs before any real demand for securi
ties can be attracted.
The L'nadflLa steamed down the channel
ami the uaminil's flag was hauled down
from the receiving ship Independence
with a salute cf thirteen guns'. Admiral
Miller and his family will reside in San
Francisco.
Captain McCalia is accompanied by his
family and their ariival here will prompt
active operations at once upon the Sea
men's Clubhouse for sailors and ma
rinos which Js to be erected in Vallejo
end of which President Roosevelt laid
the cornerstone during his visit in May.
William N". Coneannon of Oakland has
been awarded the contract for the erec
; if the clubhouse and will begin work
next Tuesday. The building will cost
$-' '¦.'"•\ The site was purchased by money
won by Captain McCalia in the Spanish-
Americaii war.
VAL.LEJO. July 11.— Captain Bowman
*1. McCalia assumed command of the
.Hare Island navy-yard ihis morning. He
»vas met by. tuptaki Tiiley, captain of
"the yard, ar.d at t'.io commandant's build
ing the command «.f i!ic yard was turned
ever 19 him l>y Rear Admiral Mlllt-r.
In accorri:ir,^c vlth order, all officers
of tht yard and the majority of those
attached to the *»i|'H. numbering in all
twenty, reported in full drt-5.s uniform.
After Captain McCaH* had relieved Ad
miral Millui the officers v.ere presented
to him by the outgoing commandant.
Admiral Miller, with his family, left the
yard at 11:30 on the Unndllla. All the
officers ami ladies of the station saw them
off. A full company of marines, headed
by the Mali- Island ttation band in full
dress- uniforms, marched to the front be
fore Admiral Miller ai rived and presented
An Interesting Ceremony at
Headquarters When Mil
ler Departs
Heavy Decline in the Price
of New York Central
Shares.
Captain McCalia Now
Commands Mare Isl
and Station.
Market Is Subjected to
Severe SelliDg
Pressure.—
ADMIRAL LEAVES
THE NAVY YARD
BEARS RAMPANT
IN WALL STREET
RARE FLOWERS
WILL BRIGHTEN
WAR'S FURROWS
THE SAN FEA K CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12. ,J903.
33
. ADVEKTISEitENTS. ' " f*V
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
B^^KkksS^I^ ¦ '• i '<
ft mi Jnntn« mi ' '
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th. :
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26th.
THERE AND BACH
ONE FARE,
STOP-OVERS GO-DAV LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
ra\A/EAK MEN
k|THJflg DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOP.
tpM ¦ W Q all losses and unnatural dls-
H ¦ charges In 24 hours. You feel an
HjBM CJ^H improvement from the nrst doso.
Rrffl Rul v ' e haV9 »o much conQdenca In our
iwUJ l>Xf treatment that we orter Flv«
fc^a_3^*3B Hundred raward for any case w.
WOHtwlim cannot cure. This secret remedy
cures lost power, nightly emissions, wasted or-
gans, vartcocele, sleet, strictures. k;dneys, fall.
Ing memory, drains In tbe urine, gonorrhoea.
disease - of the prostate glands and all other
terrible effects of self-abuse or excesses, wfcica
lead oa to consumption and death. Positively
cures th« worst cases In old or younr of that
mortifying condition, quickness ¦ of the du-
charge, and wanting to do. and you can't. S«nt
scaled. $2 per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guar-
anteed to cur* any case.
Call or address orders HALL.'? MEDICAt.
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
Also for sale at 1073K Market St.. 8. F. Ses4
for free book.
fSSliiSS
WH& U Hjl |S|| And many other painful and serious
fliiSiiil ments fr° m which most mothers
%& B S fa S31 su^ er » can he avoided by the use of
— . — — -. g— "Mother's Friend." This great .remedy
¦Br ¦ B Bl ornkl U ordeal -with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses •'Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth'; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also, healthy, strong and «. -— ,_., _ _ —^ ¦
woman, and will be sent free in plain BB B^fc H E3 Ek E| i?^
envelope by addressing application to Eb B»[ || Wm m P
Bradfield Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. | §1 1 |« 1^
ADVEST1SEMENTS.
I Cure
Contagious
Blood Poison.
I Have Discovered ths Marvelous
Secret of Nature : nd 1 Give
It Free to You.
toj Myiterioct Ccarctna SUrt ei the WorU W,th
IU Wcnder.'cl Ccret-Witi Ihia Kirrtloni
Eccn: !*o Ku or Wcnta Need Suffer
Tzea C01.Ufi.es Bood Foitea
sxd it » Xy X i; ion ec
Ef ml EtBceforth to Ke-
ttcre Ail LtZtz.zg Mia
«.d W.cja to Fer-
ftrt Eeilta.
Scsd No Vcztj— Sicr'.y fcad Tear Kime «.ad Ad-
crtit hz: Ibis Kirrthts Conposnd Will
Be £ect to Ton by Re tern Xtil,
Prtptid, Absolutely Free.
I have foiic-J the marvelous s*-ret of Nature
In rf-noriR? perfect health to men and women
Buffering from xirulent cr contagious blood j
po:^?n. To me it has been given to bring to j
the weary, sore, worn-out brothers and sisters '
the knowledge of this priceless boon, and even I
to the uuermoEt •:.:;- of the earth I eend my
RASP" »A-*>» ' ;j5jPjj3J353t
|V, \A j¥i± < ' ' Jr^fil$3&2E
5c bib Ii Loit — Ibtre It a Sort Cert for Coa-
ttgie&i lisod Poi-st."— Dr. Ferris.
m*«age of love ar.d peace and hope and help.
1,'r.bellevers may Bcctt snd cry "fsJte," but I
h*ed them not. My work has Just begun and
I am eavinx men.
The secret of this mighty healing power, this
marvilous fluid. Is known to me alone. It is
tnir.e to give to whom I will, and mjr works
no before me. Doubt not! I, ask no man to
beiieve xnv, but I give to every man free this
X>ri<-<'l«-fF boon and It restores him Instantly to
perfect health. With this marvelous, myste-
riou*' compound, which I have discovered only
Bft»r a lifetime devoted to searcii through all
xtie realms of fcience. and the archives of the
ancients. It Is possible to heal at once the aw-
lul sorey. clear the complexion of the copper
epots. <Jry up the mucous patches. h<»al the
ulcer* en<J leave the body clean and healthy
end «-h' /:¦ ,.tii. Witb this myrttricus com-
pound t.o man or woman will ever again be
trovtled with blood poUon or any of lu evil
eC«cte.
Remerr.b»r it matters not what stage your
case rr.sy be In. It Matters not bow long you
ljave had It, how you got It or when you got
It. It matters not what doctors or, scoff era
eay. This is no ordinary drug or medicinal
method of treatment, but It Is the vital life
spark )tte!f. «nd it matters not how many rem-
edies or doctors have failed. I have repeatedly
and instantly cured the worst old cases, healed
the eore* sijd cbueed the mucous patches, cop-
per colored tpots and other evidences of this
terrible poi*cn to disappear like magic My
6tcm compound never tails, and It* cures are
la&tmg; never cgain are any of ray people
troubled with blood pclson. My private addrets
U Dr. C. Earpent Ferris. SU&4 Strawn Building.
Cleveland, Ohio, and I urge every person suf-
Jerinsr from blood poison to send to me and
I wlJI forward by first mail, prepaid, a pack-
age of my marveloua discovery- My wondrous
discovery has FUrtled the world by .its miracu-
lous effect*, and yet I eeek not fame or glory.
It FUfnce* me if I may be the bumble instru-
ment fit Nature's greatest power In brinKlng
all men to the enjoyment of perfect health.
arid I do It free. In the time allotted to roe
h«>re on earth I shall do all that lo my power
lie* to give my fellow men the b«jent of this
f reat secret and my reward shall b* in the
nasswdn that I have dene unto others as I
vvuid that others thould do unto me.
. ' 0 ADVERTISEMENTS.
iiUH 1 tt all 1 111 1 UU Uu t C U1C vuSII. ) m -^Sl^i j
Waiting is tedious work; you may as well have your home now and have it fur- /./ \£f^ j&4&B$av/
nished to suit you. You are welcome to time. Make your own terms; get what you \|| <^"^ K&e^f^^^m'
need, pay a little at a time. We charge no interest. Your Credit Is Good. "Nufced." W
( P^^^^S^^^^^^ll 3-Piece Bedroom Suit— Selected hardwood, polden finish. Su- )^^^^®^^^B fSl
)* J <i *t^^^ Wei— pcrior cabinet work, beautifully polished. Dresser has swell too tfl jT***^::^^"®?! ¥pt\
VjL- (Z.— drawers, bevel French plate mirror. Carving is neat Ci C OC \l U _ **¦'¦•»•¦, jfrjl
Drewer— Quarter Sawed Oak or Ma- and artistic. Price ...tpltJ»Ci*J |1 | |j
hogany flnish; two larje drawers, four Fmall ff ., T |j y|_
ones; bevel French plate mirror 18x40 Inches, 43§3Jw a • ' '
swans' neck purports. A beau- tf *5Q TC t&^&Kffl t ' '^**Ll m. a '
1 *" ™ " .' . Saddle Seat Rocker — Selected drawers and hat box, bevel ©^
M^S.SS^ecSSWSSS ind Sn C : oak - S° Iden finish turned spindles, French plate mirror, cast Child's Crib-Enameled iron, drop side,
ish of a very superior order, cf* •< o HE shaped arms, carved top. ff^ QC brass trim- fl[Q HP heavy uprights; our latest tf*Z *5C
ZT%r7£ h .™Z^.™T.$lO.t2 exceptional offer jC.yD mings . Price....* 7./ 3 modeL Prke $0.£J
CARPETS RUGS DRAPERIES
All the Latest Designs shown on our immense floor. The following items will give you an idea of the many bargains.
, Body Brussels, artistic designs suitable for par- Ingrain, full standard, extra superior quality. t^j^ esIgns - w « quote a few °* the money-saving oppor-
lor, dining-room or hall, made, laid tfl ?C half w ° o1 ' ful1 yard Wlde ' Price 50C Nottingham Lace Curtains, full width and
and lined Price!...... '...»P* # " J length, plain and figured centers, per /»C/»
Linoleum, made from pulverized cork and best pair • UJL
' Axmiiister, heavy, deep pile, delightfully soft to linseed oil: a large variety of patterns. C()/» Cable Net in ecru, some beautiful dc- tf O HQ
the tread; a large! variety of patterns and color- Price per square yard • tJ\J\* s j gns . Regularly $4.50 at $C,(J
ings, with or .without borders. Price. Ci ?C Floor Oil Cloth, new designs, both O*7^/> Corded Arabian, artistic designs suitable for
- .' »pi»«J»J floral and mosaic. Price b(2v any room. Must be seen to be appre- (TO C#\
- ' Reversible Art Squares— Large variety of col- ciated. Price • 4)£*.DU
All wool Ingrain, small and large figures, on ors and designs to choose from. An exceptional Tapestry Portieres (mercerized), two toned
light or dark grounds, reversible, full ACr» offering. Price green and red as well as assorted col- C1 CC
yard wide Price UJt 7:6x9 $2.90 9x9 ..$3.G0 ors; exceptional value. Price per pair. .. t^l.ODARMY OFFICER WHOSK BAG
GAGE WAS FOUND TO CON
TAIN DUTIABLE GOODS.
Orient on' board of Government trans
ports, as attempts to smuggle dutiable
goods are of frequent 'occurrence.
It is estimated; roughly that the value
of the Feiie'd articles, plus the duty/ will
be in th"e neighborhood of $800 or J900. The
flnejw411 therefore be $2400 or $27001
, Captain l3arts ; Us. a: West -Pointer >and
was promoted to'the captaincy in October,
1S98. He acted as major in the Engineer
Corps from July 13, 1S9S,. until November
30 of that year in the volunteer service
and was honorably discharged, re-enter
ing the regular service. He was In charge
of the Columbia River improvements until
1901, when he was ordered to Manila,
where he remained until he started for
this port on the transport Thomas.
THE several lodges of the Knights of
Honor will be occupied during" the
current month In the Installation of
the officers elected to serve for the cur
rent term.*
- Last Wednesday night the grand officers
paid an official -visit to Yosemite Lodge.
There was a fair attendance and various
ideas were advanced for the extension of
the order in this city. Among the speak
ers were Grand "Vice Dictator Lampe,
Grand Reporter Johnstone, Grand As
sistant Dictator George and a number of
others.
Knights of Honor.
"I should like a whole congregation of
prizefighters: I could do far. more with
them than with stuck-up, conceited peo
ple," said General Booth, alluding to the
conversion of a professional pugilist dur
ing his recent American tour.
Not how cheap, but how good for the money;
print or bind. Mysell- Rollins. 22 Clay. .;•'
neduced rate* on household good* to A from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery >L*
Throughout the world about 3 per cent
of "the people gain their living directly
from the sea.
The tract amounts to 32S4 acres, heavily
timbered. The price is about J2CO.00O. Re
cently Messrs. McClure and Rupp pur
chased redwood timber land of the Red
wood Land and Investment Company,
which, together with that just bought
from Isaao' Minor, gives them holdings of
6100 acres in the same localltv.
Another large deal in redwood timber
lands in Humboldt County has just been
made in this city. The parties concerned
are Isaac Minor of Humboldt County as
seller and the Messrs. McClure and Rupp
of Saginaw, Mich., as the purchasers.
These Eastern buyers have recently se
cured other California redwood proper
ties. The lands sold by Isaac Minor are
situated along the north fork of the Mad
River in Humboldt County, in the coun
try tributary to the Arcata and Mad Riv
er Railroad.
Eastern Capitalists Pay $200,000
for a Tract on Mad River in
Humboldt Countyr
Hamilton L. Moulder, second son of
the late Andrew J. Moulder, died at the
American Hospital, City of Mevlco, on
the evening of July 10. He was a well
ltnown mining engineer, and his career
seemed exceptionally promising. Al
though only 29 years of age he was a
member of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, and was engaged in
professional enterprises of great im
portance. Six weeks ago he was taken
ill with malaria at the mining camp of
El Oro. He was conveyed to Mexico City
and placed in the hospital. Subsequently
the malaria turned to typhoid. He had
been in the country of Mexico following
his profession for the past five years.
A few days ago his mother, who re
sides in San Francisco, was informed
by letter that the crisis was passed and
that he was entirely out of danger.
Shortly after this encouraging report
came the message by wire announcing
his death. He was a young man of
genial characteristics and eminent
ability.
Hamilton L. Moulder Dies at Ameri
can Hospital in the City
of Mexico. .
Y0T7NG MINING ENGINEEB
VICTIM OF TYPHOID FEVEB
LARGE DEAL IS MADE v
IN REDWOOD TIKBER
It Is officially reported that the grow
ing of cotton in West Africa has been
very successful.
San Juan Sails.
The PaclSc Mail Company's San Juan
called yesterday with passengers anA
freight for Panama and way ports.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drucricta, £0c flack. Richard & Co.. 4C8 Clay. •
On June 15 the elegant Hotel Clarendon was
opened to the public The hundreds of ladies
and gentlemen who were present at the formal
opening attest to the artistic beauty and mar
velous conveniences of this hostelry.
Now, commencing to-day. Sunday, July 12.
the swell cafe on the seventh floor will be at
the eervice of the public. There are flve beau
tiful dining-rooms, the service being in keep,
ing with the splendid character of the house.
The chef is the best and the most experienced
In S«n Francisco. Popular prices prevail at
Hotel Clarendon. 543 Poat. A. D. IU-nfro
manager. • •
Hotel Clarendon Cafe.
Thomas D. Kanouse, grand chief tem
plar of the Independent Order of Good
Templars, /who is an orator of interna
tional reputation, will/ address an open
meeting of the Good Templars in Sachem
Hall, Red Men's building, next Thursday
evening. In addition to the address there
will be a musical programme. The meet
ing will be open to any one who may wish
to attend.
Will Speak to Good Templars.
The office of the City and County Treas
urer will be closed next Tuesday in order
that the treasure vaults may be counted
nrrtj all funds checked up.
City's Money to Be Counted.
California Sun. Winf and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ress. Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye Diseases, soothes Eye Pain; aids
those wearing glasses; doesn't smart,
l^adies' favorite toilet requisite. 50c, drug
cists and opticians. •
The following programme of music will
be rendered at Golden Gate Park during
the afternoon:
Part 1— "Star-Spangled Banner"; march,
••Under the American Eagle" (new).
<J. H. Ellis): overture, "Raymond"
<Thonias); waltz. "Beautiful Blue Dan
ube" CStraups); flute solo, selected, per
formed by Sig. A. Lombardo; Second
Hungarian Rhapsodi < Liszt).
Part 2— Overture, "Prince Asmodaeus"
O"heo. Vogt); "Albion." fantasia on Eng
lish, Iri^h and Scotch airs (Baetens); se
lection from "The Fortune Teller" (Vic
tor Herbert); descriptive, "A Cavalry
Charge" (Leuders); selection from "Rigo-
Jetto" (Verdi); "America."
Music Programme at the Park.
- The Empress Dowager of China is se
lecting fourteen princes of her own blood
for study in Europe, America or Japan.
The King of Italy is five feet three
inches in height.
Lieutenant J. Howell of the First Bat
talion of Artillery has been appointed
quartermaster on the staff of General
Warfield, with the rank of major, vice
H. E. Wegner, who has applied to b«
placed on the retired list.
An election will shortly be held In Com
pany D, First Infantry, to fill the vacancy
caused by the expiration of the commis
sion of Captain Mathewson.
Captain W. M. Simpson, regimental
quartermaster, has been ordered to per
form the duties of quartermaster in ad
dition to his other duties. First Lieuten
ant A. P. Smiley has been detailed as his
assistant during the camp.
Captain G. L. Holtum has been selected
as officer of the day for the first day in
camp, arid First Lieutenant F. AV. H.
Peterson commander of the guard for
that day.
Colonel Hayes, Major Smith and Cap
tain Simpson will visit the Healdsburg
grounds to-day for the purpose of ar
ranging all the details for the week the
regiment shall be in camp.
Major D. A. Smith presided at an elec
tion last week in Company D at San Ra
fael 'f or captain, vice Cheda, time ex
pired and who declined to again be a can
didate. The first and the second lieuten
ants were each placed in nomination, but
neither would accept, and a sergeant also
declined, so Corporal Edward Burroughs
Gardner was elected.
Privates J. B. £oiil and Christian C.
Rierwarts have been appointed corporals
in Company C, Fifth Infantry; Corporal
W. M. RohrbaCher has been appointed
sergeant of Company F, and' Private A.
E. Schmidt corporal, vice Rohrbacher,
promoted. Corporal Christian F. Wessel.
Company G, has been appointed color ser
geant and Clarence L. Mitchell rtgimental
sergeant major.
Five men have been discharged from
the Fifth Infantry, four at the expiration
of the term of enlistment and one on ac
count of removal.
The several commands of the Fifth In
fantry Regiment of the National Guard
of California will leave next Saturday
afternoon for an eight days' camp of In
struction at Healdsburg. The camp will
be named Warfield. In honor of Brigadier
General R. H. Warfleld, commanding the
Second Brigade.
Colonel Hayes' Command to Spend
Week in Receiving Instruction
at Healdsburg.
CAMP WARFIELD MECCA
OF THE FIFTH INFANTRY
Having sold my business at Eastland,
Mill Valley, I shall hereafter devote my
entire attention to the family coffee and
tea trade (past forty years in San Fran
cisco); thinking I can please all lovers of
the beverage and hoping to have a trial
order. I remain, yours respectfully.
WHEELER MARTIN,
Depot and factory, 213 and 215 Mission st. #
The original non-hypodermic treatment
—11,000 cured— it cures to stay cured. Call
or write. Address all mail Dr.'J. J. Mc-
Kanna, 14 Geary street, San Francisco.
Tel.. Main 1037. Chicago, 111., 182 Dear
born street; Kansas City, Mo., Eleventh
and McGee streets; Oklahoma City, O. T.,
2000 West Ninth street. *
For any one who will investigate it Is
impossible to make a mistake in the se-*
lection of a liquor cure. To all thinking
men it is evident that a treatment must
be established some time before the per
manence of a cure can be demonstrated.
My treatment has been established thir
teen years, and stands to-day the only
one with a proven record of permanent
cures. Others have attempted to imitate
my famous treatment, but not one can
show more than a few months' existence
and with indefinite results.
I refer by permission to the following
prominent men: C. G. Jones, Mayor; M.
A. O'Brien, Sheriff; Samuel Murphy,
Postmaster; R. W. Cochran, Chief of Po
lice, and State National Bank, all of
Oklahoma, O. T. John Hayes, Chief of
Police, and Judge Wofford of the Crim
inal Court of Kansas City, Mo.
Their knowledge of the cures effected
by my treatment goes back for years, and
they are thoroughly conversant with }ts
immediate beneficial effects and the per
manence of my cures. I will also give to
any one asking for them 'the names and
addresses of any number of r patients
whom I have cured and who have re
mained cured for years.
Customs officials have .been instructed
to be very vigilant in their inspection of
the baggage of persons arriving from the
MORE ABOUT DR. J. J. McKANNA'S
FAMOUS LIQUOR CURE.
Thomas by Customs Inspector
Stephens while searching the baggage of
Captain William W. Harts of the En
gineer Corps, U. S. A.
Captain Harts had been given a printed
form to fillrbut with the declaration re
quired by the Treasury regulations, name
ly, a statement as to the dutiable gbods
purchased abroad in his possession. Cap
tain Harts, after drawing his pen through
half a dozen lines of the declaration,
handed it back blank to the custom offi
cers. Inspector Stephens then proceeded
to search the trunks of Mrs. Harts, and
found tucked away in the Interior of
dresses and skirts 143 pieces of dutiable
articles, the products of Japan and China.
The goods were not laid between the
dresses, but were tucked within them.
• The articles embraced two Satsuma
vases, one cloisonne vase, bolts of silk,
elegantly embroidered pieces of silk, sev
eral silk kimonas, drawn work, lace and
embroidery, gold lacquer work and silver
boxes and jewel cases. The goods were
sent to the Appraiser's store for appraise
ment. The law provides for confiscation
in such cases and the payment of a fine
amounting to three; times the duty paid
value of the articles seized.
AN important seizure ' of dutiable,
undeclared goods was made yes
terday morning on board the
United States army transport
In a complaint for divorce filed by Susie
M. Mann against Joseph A. Mann, she
charges him with being a cruel husband
and also an unfaithful one. She says that
last January, less than a month after
fheir marriage, he struck her and knocked
her down on the street. She charges also
that last March he assaulted her on the
street and was only prevented from do
ing her great bodily harm by the Inter
ference of passers-by. Mrs. Mann charges
further that her husband spends too much
of his time at the corner of Polk and
Austin streets in company with Jennie
Mill. She asks for a divqree and permis
sion to resume her maiden name, Gwin.
In a cross-complaint filed by Julia
Blum yesterday rtie denies that she ever
treated Isadore*Blum in a cruel manner,
as he charges4ri his suit for divorce. She
says that on' the contrary, she has ever
been a dutiful and faithful wife and he
is the cruel one. They were married at
Napa in January of last year.
James McTamney was granted an inter
locutory decree of divorce from Kate Mc-
Tamney by Judge Murasky yesterday.
Habitual intemperance was the ground.
CHARGES BRUTALITY.
This is Mrs. Meyers' second appearance
in court. A few weeks ago she filed a
suit for maintenance against her hus
band, charging him with failure to pro
vide for her and their child.
One year ago. alleges Mrs. Meyers, her
husband's treatment of her was such that
she became fearful of her life and left
him, taking their one child with her.
She was gone two days, she alleges, when
her husband came to her, and, after
acknowledging his error, begged her to
return, promising to behave in the fu
ture. She returned, she says, and for one
week Meyers kept his promise. He then
became as bad as ever, she alleges, ne
glecting her shamefully and even rettis
ing. when she was ill, to allow her any
other care but that of a 14-year-old child,
who lived in the house with them.
Another woman who has found that
marriage has not brought her all the hap
piness she expected is Nevada Meyers,
wife of Jr. Albert G. Meyers. She filed
a suit fo^divorce yesterday, charging the
physician with treating her in a cruel and
inhuman manner almost continuously
since their marriage on September 9, 1894.
According to Mrs>. Meyers' compalint
Meyers has made her life miserable by
finding fault with her. She says that her
every act provoked him into outbursts of
viciousness and a tirade of Insulting and
abusive language. She says that he has
constantly treated her in a cold, cruel,
tyrannical and oppressive manner, and
has, notwithstanding that he knew she
was a frail, weak and nervous woman,
abused her most shamefully. Mrs. Mey- I
ers also charges her husband with in- ;
gratitude. She says that when he com-j
rr.tnced practicing in this city he v;i&
penniless and that she, to further his
ambition to build up his business, gave
him $500, every cent she possessed, and
that thereafter she stinted herself and
deprived herself of luxuries to enanle him
to get along. Now, she says, he enjoys
an income of from J300 to $700 a month
and refuses to give her funds, except such
as she finds herself compelled from time
to time to ask of him.
The couple were married at Butte,
Mont., December 19, 1900, or less than
three years ago. For a time, Mrs. Mc-
Elroy does not pay for how long, theirs
was a happy life. Then came a change
and from that time up to within
a few months ago, when they separ
ated, Mrs. McElroy's happiness was
but a dream. Their troubles date from
the day. when, alleges the plaintiff. Mc-
Blroy applied to her a vile and oppro
brious epithet. Blows followed the harsh
words and finally a beating that left her
a bruised, maimed and heartbroken wife.
Such treatment, alleges Mrs. McElroy,
destroyed her lo\e for her husband, but
she remained with him, hoping that he
would become the loving and affectionate
husband of the early days of their mar
ried life. But. she alleges, he continued
cursing and reviling her and adding to
his abuse threats to kill her. Her love
turned to fear, and after a particularly
violent outburst, which, she says, made
of her a nervous wreck, she left him.
Mrs. McElroy says her husband earns
$150 a month and she asks the court to
award her suitable monthly alimony.
Laura Charles is suing Charles Charles
for divorce for desertion. They were mar
ried at Sacramento in 1S06 and have one
child. Mrs. Charles alleges that her hus
band wilfully abandoned her and their in
fant child in July, 18&.
MBS. MEYERS UNKAPPY.
The matrimonial experiences of Edna
It. McElroy. as related in a complaint for
divorce filed by her yesterday against
Wilbur A- McElroy,/ are, if true, proof
conclusive that matrimony is indeed a
game of chance. Judging ffom Mrs. Mc-
Elroy'« allegations, she played a losing
game.
Mayor Schmitz said further that he had
no doubt that his brother, Frank Schmitz,
could take care of himself in the matter
of • Mershon's charges. Frank Schmitz
when . seen designated the charges of
Mershon as being utterly false and ma
licious.
"The letter that Mershon desired me to
sign and thus exonerate him from the
charges against him is now in my safe.
I sealed the letter up, and do not intend
to open it unless there is good reason to
do so."
"When Mershon requested me to exon- r
erate him from certain charges his attor
ney intimated that unless I signed the
letter of exoneration he would publish an
affidavit which he had with him at the
time. I refused to be forced to exonerate
him, knowing the serious charges against
him, and I told him to go ahead and pub
lish that affidavit if he so desired.
"Mershon's affidavit is false" and mali
cious In every detail where he says I
asked him for the scope of the questions,
and I think this statement from me will
cover all that Is mentioned in that docu
ment.
James R. T. Mershon, ex-Clvll Service
Commissioner, who stands Indicted for
having- changed the rating of examination
papers of a candidate for a position in
the fire department, has made public an
affidavit in which .he makes serious
charges against Mayor Eugene E.
Schmitz and the Mayor's brother, Frank
Schmitz.
In the affidavit Mershon alleges that
the Mayor sent for him early in April and
asked him to. secure a copy of the ques
tions to be officially used in the examina
tion of flremjn for positions as captains
'in the department. Mershon further al
leges that he gave a copy of the ques
tions to the Mayor, who had the sama
copied. *-« ¦
In his affidavit Mershon claims that the
Mayor's brother, Frank Schmitz, was a
partly to a scheme by which certain
candidates for positions as captains in the
fire department were given copies of the
questions previous to the official exam
ination, thus enabling them to secure the
right answers.
In speaking of the affidavit sworn to by
Mershon, Mayor Schmitz made the fol
lowing statement yesterday:
is absolutely no truth in any
portion of the affidavit sworn to by Mer
shon. You will notice that he claims that
I asked him to furnish me with a copy of
the 'scope of the questions.' Now, the
scope of the questions is something that
is absolutely public property. Any one
desiring to take a civil service examina
tion can go to the office of the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners and secure a copy of
the scope of the questions. Even if I had
asked Mershon for a copy of the scope of
the questions it would not have been
wrong to do so.
"I emphatically deny that I ever sent
for Mershon and asked him for a copy of
the scope of the questions, or the ques
tions themselves.
Declares Publication of Ex-
Commissioner to Be
Spite Work.
Asks Divorce, Alleging He
Treats Her in Cruel
Manner. *'
Edna McElroy Resents
Treatment of Her
Husband.
Says Affidavit Made by
J. R. T. Mershon Is
...... . '
Mahcioua
ABUSE DISPELS
DREAM OF LOVE
MAYOR DENIES
CHARGE IN TOTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
Customs Officials Search Trunks of Wife of Captain
W. W. Harts and Bring to Light Dutiable Goods
Carefully Concealed jn Articles of Clothing
UNDECLARED VALUABLES FOUND
IN BAGGAGE OF ARMY OFFICER
34
JviV r ADVEBTISEMEHTS._
: We Call Particular Attention
to the Following Lines o! •
Goods Which Will Be on
SPECIAL SALE
Monday, Jvly 13, and Following Days:
3 Cases extra HeaYo BLEACHED BATH TOWELS;
hemmed, realu fop use; size 22x48 Indies.
Price $2.40 Dozen
Regular value $3.50.
150 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINSj
full dinner size, In about twelve different designs.
Price S2.00 Dozen
1 Good value for $2.50,
2 Cases WHITE SATIN MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS;
full size for douDle lieds, In vern nandsome designs.
Price $2.00 Each
250 Pairs LACE CURTAINS In Arabian, Wnlte and
Ecru. These are In new and exclusive designs.
Price $3,00 Pair
50 Pairs WHITE GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS,
(sllghtlu Imperfect). These Blankets are extra slzs
and weight.
Price $4,00 Pair
Regular value $6.00.
3 Cases 36-lnch WHITE FIGURED CURTAIN MUS-
LIN in acout 25 different patterns, Including Dots,
Small Figures and Stripes.
Price IOc Yard
Formerla sold for \2%z and 15c.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Oriental Goods :
; At Wholesale Prices ;;
We Offer Our Entlxt Extra 71ns Col- "
lectioa of ' '
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS j
; At 25 Per Cent !
' \ Discount from regnlar retail prices. ! \
"We are sole agents for "
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S i
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS:
Chas-.M.Plum&Co.|
Cor. 9th and Market Sts* I!
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
t AA BOXES CHOICE
OUU TOILET SOAP.
Replar Price 10c per Cake
3 Cakes for 10c
8 Cakes for 25c
I Box (50 Cakes) for $1.50
01 Ihc best
/ 1 lUO GRANULATED
fc ¦ = , SUGAR
$1 on
Hi U U
C. T. JONES a. CO.
2 and 4 CALIFORNIA STREET
San Francisco.
Phone Bush 659.
S Special Sale 8
1 500 Pairs f
| Ladies' $3 Shoes :
• Made in all the new lasts at ©
§ ijjIiUtJ i
m The pair. ', VjJ
• These shoes come in all %
% widths and sizes and are made •
gin all leathers, by the best *
O manufacturers in the East. •
§ Sole agents DELSARTE •
• 53.50 Shoe for women— *
• "The World's Best Shoe." •
® 1033 Market Street •
® E«t. 6th and 7lb. •
Clearance Sale
....OF....
Children's Dresses
Remarkable reductions in our line of Children's Dresses.
The assortment consists of this season's imported models
and many styles from our own workrooms. The make,
style and finish of these eoods are entirely different from
those offered at special sales by other stores.
LOT i— MISSES' REGULATION SUITS, made of
white and natural linen: sizes 14 to 20 years: former
prices $1375, $16.50 and $18.00. Sale tf«7 CA
price • vji 1 mO\i
LOT 2— CHILDREN'S DRESSES, made of white linen,
fancy and plain pique; slightly soiled; sizes 4 to 12
years; former prices $4-50 to $9.00. Sale ff *\ rft
price kPb»DU
LOT \3— CHILDREN'S DRESSES, made of white pique,
India linon. imported chambray and silk zephyr; a num-
ber of tailor-made effects as well as some trimmed with
fine embroidery: sizes 8 to 14 years; for- ff5 f\t\
mer prices $5-50 to $11. 50. Sale price $*).\J\J
LOT 4— CHILDREN'S SAILOR SUITS, made of all
linen; regulation style: slightly soiled; sizes 4 to
14 years; former prices $925. Sale 4*L PA
price • ipHt.JKJ
LOT 5— A few LAWN DRESSES, daintily trimmed
with embroidery and lace; sizes 10 to 14; tf| <JC
former price $2.50. Sale price >pl«&3
. MISSES' OVERSKIRTS.
Made of imported pique, daintily trimmed with neat em-
broidery; sizes 10 to 14 years; former price Ci Cfi
$3.50. Sale price 451. D\J
~ LINGERIE DEP'T.
We desire to call special attention to our unsurpassed
line of undergarments, made or finest materials, exqui-
sitely designed and effectively trimmed. with laces, em-
broideries, insertions and ribbons. ~ An exceptionally large
importation of exclusive hand-made garments, as well as
our own popular make; in all, the, most complete assort-
ment In San Francisco.
Prices very reasonable. •
6 -— — : —&
918-922 Market Street.
'¦.'.' Mail orders , receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue free.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Tie Coat of AraTi
In th» days of chivalry repres«ntwl |
the qualities characteristic of th-» I
house to which it belonged. The J
trademark of GEORGE MATERLE N
represents the highest of optical skill. 1
His Excellency JOK2T HAT, 1
Secretary of State, f
' ¦Washjngton, D. C. Jan. 14, 1339. |
My Dear Sir: — I have received your a
kind letter of the 8th of January. I
and the glasses came at the aam« I
time. I find them very satisfactory I
in every respect and singularly beau* I
tiful and perfect In workmanship. 1
I am very truly yours. 1
JOHN HAT. 2
GERMAX ETE "WATER |
gives relief In all eye troubles. Price i
60c; by mall. 62c. I
GEORGE MATERLE, \
German Optical Institute. I
Charter Member of the American I
Association of Opticians., ¦
. 1071 MARKET ST.. Opp. Callaghaa m
\ Building. g
AJDVEETISEStEINTS.
SPECIALS
FOR THIS i
WEEK
, Back from the countrj', the
mountains and the seashore
come the children to face the
problems of school life again.
It is the last week of vacation
and shoes are worn to tatters.
They must be replaced, and we
are going to make special in-
ducements in prices to have the
children's school shoes bought
here.
All this week these prices
will prevail. They are so low
that no question of value can
arise.
CHILDREN'S AXD MISSES' KID
SHOES, with .tout extended eole«.
parent leather tips and come In lace
or button; they are a neat, nice
looking shoe and are guaranteed to
•wear satisfactorily. For this •week
they will be sold at:
Sizes C to 8 05<*
Sires 8>4 to 11 fl.15
Sires 11H to 2 ?1.35
BOYS' VICI KID LACE SHOES, a
<lres?y yet durable shoe that will do
for Sundays as well aa for school.
We are going to sell them this week »
&t:
Sizes 5> to IS S1.4O
Sizes UU to 2 SL.OO
Sizes 2'i to S^a 91.85
LADIES" KID OXFORDS, with patent
Irather tips and hand turned soles;
a very ftylish little shoe which we
will sell this week for... Q I Af\
LADIES 1 FIXE KID OXFORDS; they
hav*. medium hich French heels and
hand turncl so1»>f; a dressy shoe that
"nil! he sold until Sat- CO 1 #~|
urday night only for. ... ©•«'•• I Vf
LADIES' PATENT KID OR PATENT
LEATHER OXFORDS; an elpgar.t
hand made shoe with lipht soles and
military heels. They are very sty-
lish and have been very popular with
the ladirs all f-afon. We have made
a special of th.se and until Satur-
day night will sell them C *i I £\
at. per pair OO»IU
MEN'S TAN LACE SHOES OR OX-
FORDS; the warm weather Is com-
ing and tan shoes are the only things
to wear: the above lot ere made on
• a full, broad, pweii last; they have
fcwen very popular since the opening- ¦
of the season at $3.50. Until Satur-
day niKht we will let CQ ACZ.
these go at. a pair O-«»T"O
UJSSTB EOX CALF OXFORDS: made
on a swfll last; a very swapper shoe;
made also of an imported patent
leather. Your choice of the two
until Saturday night .. i"Q Q*-v
Country Orders Flllrd the Day
Received.
l. A', Visitors can board this ship by Tucker's
launches only. ' Clay -street" wharf,* 1 to 5
p. m. daily. Tickets, at office, 50 cents.*, •
CAMBRIDGE?. Mass.. July 11.— In a
race against time at Charles River
Park to-day Albert ' Champion rode a
mile on his double cylinder motor in
63 4-5 seconds, making the world's "rec
ord for the distance.
Breaks the World's Record.
Dr. S. M. Lalb, dentist, has removed his
offices to 546 Sutter street. •
Grocery Clerks Elect Officers.
The member* cf the Retail Grocery
Clerks' Union held a meeting on Friday
night and elected the following officers
to serve durirx the ensuing year: Presi
dent. E. Davenport Montrcse: first vice
president. E. J. Krickson; second vice
president. E. Kahl; recording secretary;
K. M. Levy; financial secretary. B. M.
Rclllnger; treasurer. Ad Mueggc; trus
tecs-E. J. Erickscn, William Stautz and
AtifiTist Johnson.
will present it In a manner that will be
highly creditable to them.
There remains but one more body to be
Instituted to complete the series of de
grees from the fourth to the thirty -sec-,
ond In the new organization. This will
be the California Consistory, which will
be Instituted as soon as the necessary
paraphernalia can be secured and the
bcoks that are required can be, obtained.
These are expected In the latter part of
August and the organizatloa will b« la
Golden Gate Hall.
There is no longer any doubt about the
high quality of the bargains at the Keller
store, at 102S-10SO Market street., The Kel
lers actually give the values. A half
price sale at Kellers* means prices really
cut In two. No such great arrays of
men's furnishings were ever before of
fered in San Francisco at half price.
Women as well as men are taking ad
vantage of this sale. •
All Douht Bemoved.
Bank Commissioners' B«port.
me i>ar.k Commissioners have com
pleted their s<?rai-annual report of the
condition cf the various savings banks
In the city and county of San Francisco.
It shows * total of $iC1.975,«7 43 resources,
wweb imludfg bank property, real es
tate. Lends and stocks, loans and cash
on hand. The total capital paid in is
U**J)M). and the reserve fund Is $6,188.
566 M. There is on deposit at present $150.
800..J619. and various other liabilities
amount to fZX.ZH C&.
Professor George Wharton James, who
has made a study of California and
Southwestern Indians for the last twenty
years, will give an illustrated lecture on
"The Hopl Indians and Their Snake
Dance" on Thursday evening. July 23. at
the T. M. C. A. Hall. The lecture will
be under the auspices of the Westminster
Presbyterian Society. Professor James la
a clear and vigorous speaker, carrying:
his hearers by the force of his word pic
tures as well as by the reproduced pho
tographs of the scenes he describes.
Lecture on the Snake Dancers.
for One Week at Santa
Clara.
The League of the Cross Cadets will
CO !nto camp at Santa Clara on July IS
for cne week. The citizens of Santa
Clara have made elaborate preparations
lor their reception. The camp will be
r.anv-d "Camp Kennedy" in honor of Rev.
C. E. Kennedy, who h&3 devoted much
of his time to the organization. It will
he in charce of Colonel James E. Power,
Who has been at the head of the regi
ment for the past year, and who was re
appcinted by the board of directors of
the Leaxue of the Cross at their last
meeting. Sixteen companies, field music,
hop;;it.il corps and the regimental band
will be- under canvas for the week. Mili
tary mass win be celebrated each Sun
day by the league's director. Rev. Philip
O'Ryan.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS TO GO CAMPING
Sixteen Companies Will Pitch Tents
Two married sisters of Mrs. Schmalholz
corroborated her as to acts of violence
on the part of her husband. Schmalholz
denied making any threats, and said his
wife had him arrested so as to get pos
session of their property. As soon as
he had been arrested, he said, his wife,
accompanied by her attorney, went to the
house and took possession. He admitted
carrying a revolver, but satu it was al
ways empty. • . .-.
The Judge reserved his decision until
Wednesday, but asked that the revolver
be produced in court to-morrow.
The marital : troubles of Theodore
Schmalholz, a retired sea captain, and
his wife, Sophie, of 425 Precita avenue,
received an airing In Police Judge Fritz's
court yesterday, when the husband was
placed on trial on a charge of threaten
ing to Kill his wife. During the cross
examination of the wife by Attorney
Bahrs she made the startling assertion
that their son was driven to commit sui
cide by the conduct of his father.
Mrs. Schmalholz testified that for the
last four years her husband had quar
reled with her constantly. At times he
would catch hold of her, she said, and
threaten to choke her, and he always
carried a» loaded revolver. On May 26
he threatened to "lay her cold on a slab,"
she testified, and fearing for her life, she
sought protection from friends. On cross
examination she was asked if she had
not charged her husband with having
driven their eon to commit suicide. She
denied It at first, but finally said: "If
my son did the deed his father drove him
to it."
Messrs. Lahan and Doerr stated that,
having learned what they wanted to
know, they would present their report,
and that the San : Joseans will . give the
visitors a . reception that all will feel
proud of, and that with the aid : of " the
Representatives from Sequoia, Preclta
and other parlors stated that their organi
zations will hold open "house at parlor
headquarters for the entertainment of
their friend3 and guests and that the
celebration will be the equai of any held
in the past.
O. M. Blackman. president of the joint
committee., stated further that the com
mittee at this - end will make arrange
ments for a parade in this city on the
way to the special train and it is expected
thafr the San Jose Natives, will make ar
rangements for a parade in their city,
literary exercises appropriate to the day
and . such arrangements as . they may de
sire for the'* entertainment of the large
number of. visitors:
The visit of the Native Sons of the
Golden West from the parlors In San
Francisco, Alameda and Marln counties,
thirty-three in all, to San Jose, will not
be in the nature of an excursion, but will
be for the purpose of celebrating Admis
sion day on September 9. That was the
assurance given to a committee from the
Garden City at. .a meeting of the Joint
September 9 . celebration committee, held
last night in Balboa Hall, Native Sons'
building.
The parlors in San Jose appointed
Grand Trustee Barker, J. T. Lahan and
Frederick Doerr a committee to wait on
the joint committee to obtain definite in
formation as to what is to be done, as
the parlors they represented did not wish
to make any arrangements until they
knew how far they should proceed.
For their Information it was stated that
the parlors referred to will visit the cele
bration city on, the night of September 8
and on the next day will take part in the
parade in that city in uniform and will
do all In their power to make the day a
success.
- Another new body has been added to the
higher branch of Masonry in this -city.
This was the organization of California
Council of Kadosh, Ancient and* Accepted
Scottish Bite Free Masonry, under a dis
pensation from Sovereign Grand Inspector
General for California W. Frank Pierce.
The council was instituted with all the
ceremonies of that degree last Thursday
evening in Golden Gate Hall. The fol
lowing named were sellected as the of
ficers for the current term:
Frank B. Ladd, commander; Fred J. H.
Rlckon,- first lieutenant commander; A.
J. de Lamare, second lieutenant; C. E.
Babcock, chancellor; James 'Hawks, ora
tor; Robert K. Dunn, almoner; Charles
Jellinick, recorder; John P. Fraser, treas
urer; Louis A. Murch, master of ceremo
nies; Harry R. Hathaway, lieutenant of
the guard; Frederick S. Laferty, first
deacon; I.- Rafenel Alkin. second deacon,
and William H. Hindle, sentinel.
fiie commander and first lieutenant are
thirV-third degree Masons, while all the
others except the lieutenant of the guard
and the sentinel, who are members of the
thirtieth, are thirty-second degree.
This is the third new body of the Scot
tish Rite instituted In this city since Oc
tober last. The first was California
Lodge of Perfection, which already has a
membership of nearly 200. This indicates
strenuous work on the part of the organ
izers and the members. The second body,
California Chapter of Rose Croix, was in
stituted on February 10. The membership
of this body has grown to' such a degree
as to call for the next higher rank, which
is that of the Knights Kadosh, or the
thirtieth degree, which will be conferred
July 22. '
. The organizers of the Kadosh are the
same who organize the other bodies, with
the exception of First Deacon Laf arty,
who is a demit from the Portland bodies,
and Second Deacon Aikln, who is the'su
perintendent of the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans* Home at Decoto. The new of
ficers have perfected ' themselves In the
degree work and it Is expected that thej*
Uniform Natives of San Francisco, Ala
meda and Marin, -..there will be a parade
and celebration that will do honor to the
day and the State.
• . A ¦ motion was adopted . that each par
lor,- through | Its delegates, report at j the
next meeting . of the committee what it
proposes to do in the celebration line and
which ones will . have headquarters, so
that the San Jose people may be further
advised to enable them to carry out the
plans they; have in mind. . •
There ; were . encouraging addresses by
W.' H. Hynes.-li.' J.' Fenn,' Grand Marshal
Foley, R. D. Barton ) and J. - H.* . . Nelson,
after which the committee adjourned for
two weeks. - .
"I have a horror of being buried alive
and" hereby direct that physicians shall
absolutely determine by the dissection or
cutting of my body that life is extinct be
fore my funeral and burial."
Booth, who was a member of the well
known law firm of Booth & Bartnett, left
an estate worth $17 ,C00. It consists entire
ly of personal property. In the will It is
bequeathed to his widow, Laura D. Booth.
The deceased died^of appendicitis, and
owing to the conditions surrounding hi3
death dissection of. his body, was not
deemed necessary.
A fear of being burled alive was one of
the worries of the late Andrew G. Booth,
lawyer and prominent Mason, who died
several weeks ago. That he was haunted
by such a fear, however, was not known
until after his death, and then it became
known only through the opening of his
will. The document, which is holographic,
and was made four years before his
death, contains a clause directing that
before interment of ; hls remains physi
cians shall satisfy themselves by dissec
tion that life is extinct. The clause reads
as 'follows: - . . - - •
Native Sons Will Hold
Celebration in Lieu
of Excursion.
A. G. Booth Provides in
Will for Autopsy on"
His Body.
New Branch of Higher
Masonry Instituted
in This City.
Wife Makes a Serious
Charge Against (
Spouse.
FEARS HUSBAND
WILL KILL HER
ADMISSION DAY
TO BE OBSERVED
BURIAL ALIVE,
LAWYER'S FEAR
SCOTTISH RITE
COUNCIL FORMED
Owing to the disappearance of the funds
the company was compelled to go through
the insolvency court.
After a preliminary hearmg extending
over four months William M. Kratz and
his brother. A- A. Kratz. were held to
answer before the Superior Court by Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of felony embezzlement. Wllllajm's bonds
were fixed in $10,000 and his brother's ia
$5000.
William was a partner In the commis
sion house of the Donandt-Kratz Com
pany. 5C8 Washington street, and it was
alleged that on the night of February 13
he, with the assistance of his brother,
got possession of $16,542 75 of the com
pany's funds and disappeared. W. F. D.
Donandt the other partner, secured war
rants for the arrest of William and his
brother. A. A. Kratz was arrested ia
this city and William, after some weeks,
was located In Kansas City and extra
dited.
Are Charged With Having Embez
zled the Funds of a Commis
sion House.
KSATZ BROTHEES TO STAND
TRIAL IN SUPERIOR COITRT
The Supreme Court yesterday sustained
the claim of David Jacks to about 00,000
acres of land surrounding the city of
Monterey. The property cost a trifle more
than $1000 and is worth approximately
1200,000. The dispute has been in the
courts for many years.
Monterey was founded on a pueblo
grant before California was ceded to the
United States. After annexation the title
to the property on which the town was
located was vested in the municipal cor
poration. Early in the '50's the United
States contested the title of Monterey to
a portion of the pueblo grant. An attor
ney named Asher defended the suit. After
extensive litigation be won his point. He
presented a claim for services, and the
city's governing body ordered that he be
paid. There was no money In the treas
ury with which to satisfy the claim,
however. Finally it was decided to auc
tion off come land which was a part of
the original pueblo grant In order that
money might be raised with which to pay
Asher. Th» attorney bid in the property
himself for $1053 85. Subsequently he
transferred his holdings to David Jacks.
That all happened more than half a cen
tury ago, when land was not worth quite
what it is at present.
When a charter was granted Monterey
it was explicitly stated therein that the
citv had disposed of the lands claimed
by Jacks. The Supreme Court holds that
this fact would make the sale valid, even
if the previous transactions had not been
legal, which in the opinion of the court
they probably were.
When the property became valuable
both the city and Jacks laid claim to it
and carried their dispute to the courts.
Every point has been bitterly contested,
and the litigation has been In consequence
very protracted.
The claims of Jacks were sustained in
the Superior Court, and an appeal on be
half of Monterey was taken to the Su
preme Court. The higher tribunal re
fuses to order a reversal. As some Fed
eral points are involved in the case an
other appeal is likely to be taken to the
United States Supreme Court
In the opinion rendered yesterday the
claims of the contestants are reviewed at
length, and almost every argument intro
duced by the various attorneys interested
is considered. The land which Jacks has
won lies on the outskirts of the city and
is of great and constantly increasing
value. It will give good returns on the
thousand and odd dollars invested.
The decision of the court implies that
the title of the city of Monterey is de
fective. Other suits would have to be in
stituted before that point could be settled,
however. Prominent attorneys who have
studied the case are of the opinion that
the courts would uphold the title of Mon
terey to the site on which the city is
built
Section of Line of North Shore Railroad Showing Points Near Which Disasters Occurred.
City of Monterey Has
No Title to Pueblo
Granta
RICH PROPERTY
GOES TO JACKS
Aldridge is very much wrought up over
the affair and eays that he had nothing
whatever to do with any of the thefts.
She also stated that her father was a
prominent resident of the State, but re
fused to say where. She aJso says that
fche has an uncle residing la Oakland.
A dashing looking woman known as
Evelyn Aldrirtpo. Evelyn Mason, Miss
McGoran mnO by n-Jir.erous other name?,
languishes In the City Prison in ecmj>ar.y
*ith her a!'« rod husband. John Mar-on
Aidridge, a bartender, while the detec
tives are busily engaged in an effort to
dig up evidence to show that the woman
end her corrrar.ien are guilty of stealing
more than SIM worth of goods from Wil
liam Baron, who keeps a cloak store on
Market street.
The women and her consort wece ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Detective
O'Day on complaint cf Baron, who has
fuJTered the loss of a number cf high
rrieed dresses and skins since he cm
ployed the fair one as a Faleslady in his
«:-tab!ishmerit a few we*-ks ago. The
v.oxr<an admits her guilt, but says nothing
fcrther. Baron fays he will be satisfied
If be gets the stolen property back and
; V.> that he will not prosecute her, no
matter what turn affairs take.
Three wrt-ks ago Baron placed an ad
rertlsessesxt in the papers for a saleslady.
The r.t-xt morning bright and early Mrs.
.Aidridge applied for the position. She
made a good appearance and Baron hired
bet D the spot.
The new saleslady had not been in the
p'.ac<-- very lnr.g ere the proprietor began
to miss things. First a' skirt disappeared,
then several yards cf cloth dropped out
cf sight. The thefts became more numer
ous as the- da>s went by and the propri
etor became j.prplexed. lie had an idea
that his oew saleslady was robbing him,
liut had no evidence to base his suspicions
on.
COSTLY DRESS DISAPPEARS.
Matters came to a climax, however, on
Friday afternoon. One of Baron's cus
tomers left a handsome drrss, valued at
$75. to be altered, stating that she would
tall for it in ;i few days. That afternoon
the young lady who did the wrapping at
the store wa^ off. M Miss AJdri£ge asked
for the place and was given it.
Shortly afterward a messenger boy
called at the place with an order presum
ably from the lady who left the suit, ask
ing that it be given .to the bearer. Mr?.
Aldridge was In charge of the wrapping
desk, at the time and immediately gave
the euit to the boy. Barcn asked her if
the charges against it had been paid and
hhe replied In ;l;e affirmative, at the same
time ¦bowing him a tas\ correctly made
«;ut. That night when Baron was (eroins
over his accounts he discovered that he
was short and that the suit had not been
paid for. His tUi-jiScions became aroused,
fo he huntod up his new saleslady and
taxed her with making away with the
hull.
WOMAN ADMITS GUILT.
The woman admitted that she was
guilty and stated that the had sent it to
a man named H. Lewis in Los Angeles.
Th«-n Baron reported the matter to- the
police and Detective Harry ODea was
*ent out to investigate. He found the
woman In company with her companion
In a bowling alley In the tenderloin dis
trict and placed them both under arn«»t.
The man admitted that he had received
feveraJ stolen articles from the saleslady
and he produced one of the stolen skirts.
It is the opinion of the detective that the
woman has been working her game for
tome time i>a.in and that the goods were
turned over to Aidridge, who disposed of
them.
The woman Is tall and striking-, of the
brunette type and apparently about 22
years of age. She claims to have arrived
only recently from Los Angeles, but it
1* aliened that she has been a familiar
J.gure on the tenderloin for some time
pa.-t.
When seen at the City Prison last night
Mrs. Aidridjre stated that she had been
leu astray by H. Lewis, the man to whom
the had sent the stolen suit at Los An
geles. She says that the man has exerted
tome kind of Influence over her all the
time and that she could not resist him
arsd had to do his bidding whenever he
a.-ked her. Mrs. Aidridge added that
Lewis had left the city several days ago,
but she expects that he will soon return.
The Commissioners had applications
from many convicts who had long terms
to serve, and owing to this fact they
declined to free them, despite the fact
their conduct in prison been exem
plary. They deemed it better to wait
until the aDDlicants had not more than
a year to serve before granting them a
parole.
The application for parole of A. C. Wid
ber. ex -Treasurer of this city;" who was
convicted t>f embezzlement, was not
reached. Wldber desires to be paroled
although his sentence expires next Janu
ary- Wldber is at present employed as
bookkeeper in the commissary depart
ment.
John Heitel, convicted of arson in Napa
County, who had five months to serve.
secured his release. John Buchanan, con
victed of robbery in Colusa County, who
had two months to serve, was allowed
his liberty. W. F. Rau. cpnvlcted for
assault in this city, secured freedom. He
had a year and a half to serve, but on
the earnest recommendation of Judge
Lawlor he was granted a parole. Wal
ter Brady, convicted for burglary in San
Joaquin County, was also released. Wal
ter Thompson, who was given alx years
for robbery in Sonoma County, and who
had two years to serve, was allowed to
go. Jesse T. Sutton, convicted of man
slaughter In Colusa County, was also
given his liberty. He still had two year3
to serve. Relatives appeared before the
board in behalf of the prisoner and their
appeals were heeded. Frank Lewis, also
convicted .for manslaughter, was given
the liberty he coveted. He had eleven
months more to serve, but the Commis
sioners deemed it advisable to give hftn
another chance.
Minor matters were discussed in open
session. After the approval of the min
utes of. the last meeting the Commis
sioners went Into executive session and
remained until adjournment.
Fourteen applications for parole were
examined and seven were granted.
The meeting was attended by Commis
sioners Fitzgerald. ex-United States Sen
ator Charles N. Felton. Don Ray and
James H. Wilkins. Senator Robert T.
Devlin Is traveling in Europe and was
therefore absent.
f "The current monthly business relating
to both prisons took up so muoh of the
board's time to-day that we did not get
an opportunity to consider the Warden
ship at San Quentln until It was about
time to leave for the city. The subject,
however, was briefly and frankly dealt
with. I suggested a special meeting next
Tuesday, but after interchange of viewa
concerning the time most convenient for
all the members cf the board, it was re
solved to defer action until next Satur
day forenoon. The meeting is called for
that time and for the purpose cf electing
a Warden at San Quentln and for that
purpose only. No other business can In
tervene to divert attention of the board
from the main issue. There is no objec
tion whatever to a public announcement
of this fact. The members of the board
impose "no obligation of secrecy in this
respect. We are to meet next Saturday
to settle the question of the Wardenship
at San Quentin."
Owing to the pressure of accumulated
business the State Prison Directors at
their session yesterday were unable to
reach the Important question of the San
Quentln Wardenship until but a few min
utes before evening train time.
Director Charles N. Felton. however,
brought the subject to the attention of
the board, and it was agreed that the
question should be taken up and finally
settled at a special meeting to be helfl at
Fitzgera!d"s law office in this
city next Saturday forenoon.
On his return from San Qu-ntin last
evening Mr. Felton said:
Eartender Alleged to Have
Taken Gcods and Dis
posed of Them.
Many Convicts Are Awarded
Paroles for Good
Conduct.
probing the mystery that appears
to veil the recent wrecks on that line, as
sert that they are more than ever con
vinced that the company has suffered
through the acts of, unknown miscreants.
They do not hesitate to place the respon
sibility for the disasters upon wreckers of
trains, who, for some reason unknown to
them, sought to destroy lives and prop
erty. The identity of these alleged per
sons has not been discovered, even in the
remotest degree, but the detectives are
working on fragments of evidence which,
they hope will be fruitful of results.
What object any one could • possibly
have had to endanger the lives of passen
gers, as well as'to cause tremendous loss
to the company, is unexplained, but the
detectives think some discharged em
ploye may have permitted his resentment
to reach to that extreme of revenge.
Inquiry among the residents of the com
munities adjacent to the disaster has not
so far aided the company in the detection
of enemies. A thorough scrutiny of the
Implements most. recently used in the ob
struction of the tracks furnishes no clew
to the perpetrators of the crime. In fact,
the only tangible evidence that has thus
far been obtained by the detectives is
some, copper wire, which was used to
SAN RAFAEL, July 11.— The' detec
tives "in the employ of * the North
Shore Railroad who have been
With all this, however, 'the company
has been most unfortunate, and within
the last month four lives have been sacri
ficed, nearly thirty persons have been
badly inured and the company has sus
tained property losses approximating
5X50,000.
The company has, according to its state
ment, been bothered with obstructions
upon the right of way as far back as
May 1. The Inspectors were continually
finding something wrong on the line.
Fishplate bolts were often loosened, grass
llres were frequently encounterea In
proximity to high trestles and various
other obstacles seemed to be ever In the
way of the train service.
In the early part of May cordwood was
found upon the rails and trackwalkers
had to be most diligent in order to avert
disaster. Pony trucks of engines some
times jumped the track without apparent
cause. Nearly all of these occurrences
were noted between Camp Taylor and
fasten the piece of rail to the- track on
July 1, and which was found the follow
ing morning by Trackwalker Gamanlni.
No such kind of wire can be found in any
of the company's warehouses oc machine
shops and the officials believe it was ob
tained in some other county. The wire
cannot be matched in any of the country
stores in the various tov/ns along the en
tire system, but it is used extensively by
San Francisco electrical workers. By this
piece of wire and by the footprints" adja
cent to the track where the cow caused
the derailment, of .engine No. 8, the de
tectives will endeavor to run down the
supposed criminals.'-'.
"When the present management took
hold of the narrow-gauge system the en
tire roadbed on the'Cazadero branch was
overhauled and improved,, while the line
from Sausalltb ;to San, Rafael, including
the Mill Valley branch, was entirely re
built.' The' up-country • track- was relaid,
the trestles repaired and various other
improvements were made. Telegraph sta
tions were established at new points along
the line and operators were installed, to
prevent collision of trains. Trackwalkers
and road ¦ inspectors with motor cycles
were innovations under, the new regime.
All precautions, the company declares,
were taken to avert disaster.
Three days later the up-country Caza
dero passenger train, with 175 passengers
on board, was wrecked near Tocaloma.
about' three miles from where the . other
wreck occurred. This time Engineer John
Williams was killed, Fireman Robert
Clark was seriously injured and other
passengers were more or less bruised.
On July 2 a large piece of rail was
found fastened to the outside rail of a
curve near Camp Pistoles!, but caused no
damage. On Sunday night, July 6. a pas
senger train was derailed near Camp Pl3
tolesi and Engineer Fred Hamilton was
killed. This time a dead cow upon the
track was accounted the cause. It was
supposed at the time that the bovine had
died on the companys right of way. but
investigation is declared to have shown
that the cow was placed there. Marks of
where it was dragged from a gateway
are said to be in evidence still, and the
company's detectives claim they have a
clew to the identity of guilty persons.
Two days later. July 8, the up-country
passenger train collided with a large
iron "drawhead," which had been placed
upon the track, and Engineer Cannady
narrowly averted a disaster. As It was,
the locomotive was derailed.
These numerous accidents and seem
ing attempts at the derailment of trains,
occurring within a few miles of one
another, have made the railroad officials
suspicious of designs upon the corpora
tion by persons, who in malice hesitate
not at murder. The authorities of the
railroad say they will leave nothing un
done to ascertain the facts.
It was on May 21 that a special train
conveying mourners from the funeral of
John Dutton was hurled off a high trestle
near Point Reyes and Anton Roman and
Michael Kirk were killed and twenty-four
out of thirty passengers badly -injured,
jso sumclent reason was assigned tor mis
disaster and the company confessed that
it could not explain It. The running time
of the train was\ found to be belov."
schedule, while the track and all por
tions of the running gear were proved to
have been in good condition.
Tomales. There were many Investiga
tions, but the causes were never deter
mined.
Officials of Company Assert Their Convic
tion That Miscreants Caused Disasters.
Evelyn Aidridge Pleads
Guilty to Several
Thefts. ;
Prison Directors Delay
in Naming His
Successor.
PRETTY WOMAN
ROBS EMPLOYER
AGUIRRE GIVEN
ANOTHER WEEK
DETECTIVES OF NORTH SHORE RAILROAD SEEK
EVIDENCE THAT MAY POINT TO TRAIN WRECKERS
! Pages 35 to 48
35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
French Cruiser Protet.LONDON/ July' 11.— Eton won the an
nual cricket match with Harrow by an
Ipnings and 154 runs.
Eton Defeats Harrow at Cricket.
: HELENA. Mont.. July., 11".— Governor
Toole has pardoned' J. A'ndrosa. who a
year ago pleaded guilty of embezzling the
funds of tho -Helena 1 Waterworks Com
pany, of which he was cashier. •¦' The com
pany joined with many prominent citizens
In the request for clemency.
Governor Pardons Embezzler.
NEW " YORK. July 11.— The Harvard
team, Holcomb Ward and Leonard E.
War*;, to-day won the final match in the
special doubles tournament on the courts
of the Country Club of .Westchester. They
turned the tables on the Wrenn Brothers,
who beat them a .week ago at Orange,
N. J.s Jn the final- of the Middle States
championship. The score .was 6-1, &-1, 2-6,
6-4.' . ' • • > - • ; ' . ¦ ¦ ' ;
Harvard Tennis Team Victorious.
R.H.E.
Spokane ...200 000 1 00 00 0 0000-3 11 2
Tacoma ...01000010 10000 000—3 13.1
Batteries — Dammann and Zalusky,
Loucks and Byers. Umpire— Mahaffy.
SEATTLE, July 11.— McCay pitched the
best game of his career to-day, holding
San Francisco down to four scattered
hits. The locals hit Lietman hard. The
batting and fielding of Tredway was the
feature and money was thrown it him
for his second long drive, which scored
two run3. Score;
R.H.E.
Seattle ..0 1102 10 00-5 11 1
San Franciscrf 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-0, 6 2
P.atUiries— McCay and Stanley, Hetman
and Zearfoss. Umpire— Huston.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 11.— In an in
teresting but one-sided game Salt Lake
defeated Helena to-day. The visitors'
lone run was an • unearned one. Quick's
excellent work in the box was supple
mented by fine fielding and good all
around playing by the locals. The fea
ture of the game was' Hartley's wor* with
the stick. Out of five times up he sjot
three hits. Score: *
-.; R.H.i:.
Salt Lake ..:...... .0 3 0 0 0 1 4 0 4— 12 15 I
Helena ....;. ...000000010—1 ,8 1
Batteries— Quick and Anderson, Putt
mann and Carisch. Umpire— Coglan.
BUTTE,' Mont.^ July 11.— Los Angeies
had its 'batting clothes on to-day and
•Bandelin was bombarded heavily. Butte's
errors were costly. Warner's umpiring
was ' questionable ajid he was - received
with dissatisfaction by the fans. Attend
ance, 2000. Score:
R.H.E.
ButteV ¦000030001—4 9 3
Lo3 Angeles ;1 2 3 0,0 0 00 4—10 15 3
Batteries — Randalln and Swindells,
Johnson and Hardy. . Umpire— Warner.
TACOMA. July H.-Spokane played the
Tigers sixteen innings to a tie this after
noon arid it was the tlnest ball game
played here since the present league was
organized. It was a brilliant pitchers
battle between Loucks and Dammann.
with honors evenly divided and both men
were backed up by marvelous fielding
from start to linish. Sensational stops,
circus catches and superb throws were
made by both teams, little Joe Fay being
the brightest star of the afternoon. Flan
nery tied the score in tho ninth, driving
the ball out of the lot for a home
run. In the eleventh Hendrlcks got into
a row with Umpire Mahaffy and was es
corted off the grounds by the police. The
game will be played off at 10:30 in the
morning. Attendance, 1100. Score:
SIXTEEN ROUNDS AT TACOMA.
DENVER, Colo., July 11.— As a result of
the action of the Western Federation of
Miners to-day in issuing an appeal for an
eight-hour fund with which to fight for
the movement started by the strike of the
Denver smeltermen. the contest ; for short
er hours will become international. Not
only organized labor throughout the
world, but also the socialist organizations
are called upon by the federation to con
tribute to this fund to extend the eight
hour day throughout the country.
Miners' Union Asks for Aid.
Mile and a sixteenth— Walter H won.
Diamante second. Polonlus third. Time,
1:50.
One mile and an eighth. Association
handicap— Horatius won. Rosarie second.
Fossil third. Time. 1:XA%.
Five and a half furlongs— MacFlecknoe
won John Boers second, Lou CHeveden
third: Time, 1:09.
Seven furlongs— Frank Pearce won, Da
vid S second. Lone Fisherman third.
Time. 1:2911.
One mile and fifty yards— Ohio Girl won,
Axminster second, Burdock third. Time,
1:4SH>.
SEATTLE. July 11.— Following: is a
summary of the closing day's racing at
The Meadows:
Seven furlbnss— El Piloto won. Augie
Becond. July Gyp third. Time. 1:23V*.
Five and- a half furlongs— Goddess of
Night won. Hlrtle second, Dora I third;
Time. 1:09%;
Four and a half furlongs— F. E. Shaw
won. Annie Marie second, Hi L. Frank
third. Time. :53.
Racing Results at Seattle.
R. M. Tobln. R. L. Bettner, A. D. Shep
ard, Major Rathbone,. J. C. Colby, Fran
cis J. Carolan, W. C. Clark, . Rudolph
Spreckels and Cameron Rogers.
•It was decided that the sports to take
place at Sauta Barbara at tho end of July
shall be continued at: Monterey, begin
ning about August 1. A meeting will be
held at the Hotel dpi Monte to make the
necessary arrangements. The co-opera
tion of all the clubs affiliated with the
Polo-Pony Racing Association of the Pa
cific Coast is Invited to make the meet a
successful one.
At a meeting of the Pacific Coast Polo-
Pony Racing Association held at the of
fice of the association recently there were
present Major Rathbone, Francis J. Caro
lan. R. M. Tobin, W. C. Clark and others.
Major Rathbone, president of the associa
tion, stated that it-4s the wish of the di
rectors to hold a meeting at Monterey.
The following were elected directors for
the coming year:
It Is Decided to Hold a Carnival of
Sports at Del Monte Next
Month.
POLO-PONY RACING MEN i
ELECT NEW DIRECTORS
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, July 11.— Monarka, at odds
of 10 to 1, won the Young handicap at
Washington Park to-day in a desperate
drive from Lucien Appleby, with Hood
wink a length back. The event was the
best betting race of the season, all of the
horses having backers. It was also one
of the best races seen on the local tracks
this year. Monarka was given a perfect
ride by Jockey Helgesen, who placed his
mount in a rear position until the stretch
turn was reached, when he began over
hauling the leaders, winning at the wire
by a neck from Lucien Appleby.
Starter Dwyer made tho worst start of
his career in the first race, of eight en
tries: The s heavily played favorite,
Stuyve, was practically left at the post.
Stuyve was turned the wrong way when
the barrier went up, but Adkins set sail
for the leaders, rating his horse along
with good judgment and finishing second.
The defeat of Stuyve is said to have
cost John W. Gates, John A. Drake and
other big bettors about $50,000. They
backed the horse from even money down
to 7 to 10.
Fifteen warrants for the arrest of per
sons connected with the Washington
Park Club were sworn out to-day by
Herman Coakley before Justice Bradwell.
The warrants charged the offenders with
keeping a common gaming-house. War
rants were eworn out also for the arrest
of three Pin^erton detectives who are al
leged to have interfered with constables
while in the discharge of their duties
yesterday.
Before Attorney Cantwell and his ret
inue of constables arrived at the race
track Constable Roebuck was arrested at
the entrance on orders from Inspector
Hunt of the police department. Roebuck
had attempted to enter the track and was
repulsed. He became unruly, according
to the police, and thereupon ensued a
lively struggle.
Later a squad of constables arrived at
the racetrack entrance and demanded ad
mittance. At first their efforts to enter
the grounds were prevented by detectives
under orders of the park officials, but
upon the arrival of Inspector Hunt- the
constables were permitted to enter after
they had promised to serve no warrants
until after the last race. There was no
disturbance and betting was not inter
fered with. The bookmakers arrested at
the close of the day gave bonds at once.
As a sequel to the events at Washing
ton Park, the gambling resort of James
O'Leary was raided by the police late
this afternoon and about fifty persons
were arrested. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlor.gs; sellins:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 1— F. Kane, loJ tWonderly) 2 2 14
7 to 10— Stu>ve. 107 (Adkins) 8 5 2 5
30 to 1— Ercma, 102 <L. Wilson). 113 1
Time 1:10 1-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. M. H. Tichener & Co.'s ch. c by
Onondaga-I'atty of Cork. . Mureeca l'K), Poor
Buy 07, Egg Nogg 91, Cranium 100, Balm of
Gifead 109, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin
2 to 5 — Cruzados, 107 (Helgesen). 3 113
6 to 2— Bardolph, OS (S. Bonner). 5 2 2 4
12 to 1 — Gypztne, i)i (Robbins) 6 3 3 1
Time. 1:10 3-5. Sta*t good. Won pulled up.
Winner. E. J. Baldwin's b. c. by Emperor of
Xorfulk-Atlanta II. Lady Matchless l>4, Albe
marle !KJ, Sid Silver 1)5, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and three-sixteenths
milfcs;\i'oung handicap: .... .
Betting: Horse. Wcitcht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Monarka. KHi (Helgesen). 4 2 In
7 to 1— 1~ Appleby. 107 (Adkins). 5 5 2 5
10 to 1 — Hoodwink, !t5 «J. Booker). 3 3. 3 6
Tim?. 2:03 3-5. Start good.- Won driving.
Winner. T. C. McDowell's br. m. by Prince of
Monaco-Xarka. Gold Bell !K5. Flocarline r Jt.
Little Scout 101. Aladdin 110, Jack Ratlin 105.
Macy i)4, Gregor K 102.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:
BettinK- Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
W to 5— Mezzo. &» (W. Knapp)... 2 112
4 to 1 — Marcos, 107 (Wonderly). .. 7 5 2h
U to .5— Jaubert. 107 (HelgftsenK . . 6 3 2 4
Tinif. 1:52 3-5. .Start BOod. Won easily.
Winner. H. T. Griffin's l>r. f. by Chorister-
Marea. Latson 101, Erne 104, Alma Girl 101,
Hot 104. also rail.
FIFTH RACE — One mile: puree:
Betting. Ji.->rse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
."> to 2— Birchbroom, S3 (Helgesen). 4 3 1 l>«;
I to 1— .s. <:. Love. J00 (Wonderly) 3 2 2 1
K to 8 — Hragg, Mo t<Z. Gray) 15 3 5
T.me. 1 :4o. Start good. Won eaally. Win
ner. !?. W. street & I'o.'ts b. f. by Ben Brupii-
Maid of Dorset. Warta Nicht 100, Brulare 107,
Sioux Chief 100, also ran.
FIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
Felling: ,
Brttttig Horse. Weight, Jockey, fc't. »; Fin.
'1 to 1 — I-amixton, 05 (HelRcsen). .. 1 .'5 1 ••;
:: to 1 — Kilmorlp. It"; rs. Bonner).. C 4 2 1
S to 1 — Lord Touchwood, att (J.
Booker) 3 5 34
Tim*", I :52 2-4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. S. Brown's ch. t. by Lamplighter-
Mona. Echodale lot. Darrica 104. Rolling Boer
10ft, also ran.
YEABLINGS BEING $500
A HEAD AT CHICAGO SALE
Twenty-Five Thoroughbreds Prom A
B. Spreckels' liapa Farm Sell
for Good Prices.
CHICAGO. July 11.— A sale of twenty
live yearling thoroughbreds from A. B.
Spreckels" Napa farm. California, has
been concluded at the Dt-xter Park Ex
change. The prices roal'.zed a little more
than $500 per head. E. Morse, C. T. Boots
and Pat Dunne were the heaviest buyers.
Among the sales were the following: B.
or br. c by imp. St. Andrew-imp. Can
did, to J. Kay, $1250; b. f. by imp. Brutus-
Piquante. to fC. T. Boots, $500; b. f. by
Libertine-Carnation, to K. Morse, SoOO;
</h. f. by imp. Brutus Sachiiisa. to C. T.
F.oots. VM<; b. c. by imp. BaFsetlaw-imp.
Atossa, to P. Dunne. J1500; b. f. by imp.
Brutus-Annie Buckingham, to C. T.
Boots. $.VW; r>r. or b. f. by Puryear D-
Ptraight Tip. to O. Curry. SCVi; <-h. c. by
I^bertln^-FlotT-nre B. to K. Mors*\ $1050;
ih. f. by Rave'.ston-Nell Bell, to J. Fray.
$. r ,50; bik. f. by Puryear D-Bohemian
Lady, to J. C. Milam. JG75; b. c. by Pur
year D-Break o' Day. to W. Hogges, $550;
K c. by Puryear D-Sevcns, to C. C. Me-
Caffcrty. 512O0.
Jockey Maher Improving.
LONDON. July 11.— "Danny" Maher.
the American jockey, who was injured
in an automobile accident near Cater
hr.m yesterday and was taken In an un
conscious condition to the Caterham Cot
tage Hospital, was reported to be better
to-day. His chauffeur, who was injured
at the tame time, is in a precarious con
dition. .
Learn to Swim
All physicians a.^roc that swimming
5s th* most healthful exercise known.
It's quite the fad "in society" to swim
w*ll. and it's thf fashion to go to Ho
t^l Vrndome at San Jokc in order to
learn how. Besides, there are enough
<->th<?r attractions th«-re to ko^p one
busy — golf, tennis, driving, automobil
ing. tenpins, reading and flirting — and
•who wants more?
American Hunner Wins Heat.
BIRMINGHAM. England, July ll.-At
the Birmingham Athletic Club t-ports here
to-day A. V. Duffy, the American runner,
won the 100-yard heat. Time inside of
9 4-3 seconds.
Philadelphia Oarsman Loses.
LONDON'. July 11.— At the Kensington
regatta to-day Guy Rixon of the Kings
ton Rowing Club beat James B. Juvenal
of the Vesper Boat Club of Philadelphia
in the preliminary heat for the single
sculls. Rlxon also won the final heat,
defeating Mano, the Hungarian repre
sentative: "
Time. 1:10 1-5. Htart poor. Won cleverly.
Winner. P. Lcrillard's b. f. by Ingoldsby-The
Governor. Tenderrrr-n I'M. Hopeful Miss IO».
Tithcnic IK Trouville IM, Dinah Shad Ji'J.
Prince of Elm 1U2. Long Distance 112, Eldonoia
105. Excer-tral 107. als-o ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two
year-olds.
Batting. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. •">« Fin.
5 to 1— Ldy Rohesia. 102 (O'Neill) a 6 1 2
30 to 1 — Luminosity, fly (Creamer). 4 4 2 h
13 to 5 — Thstle Heathr. 104 (Kdfrn) 2 13 3
FOURTH RACE— The Brighton Junior of
flO.'XtO. for two-year-olds; elx furlongs.
Batting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3«5 f> f,_ James V. 112 (Shea) 5 1 1 n
?i to 1— Ormcdes Right. 107 (Rdfrn) !» 2 2 3
UW to 1 — Mohave. 107 (Gannon).... 1 3 3 »¦£
Time. 1:15 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, M. Murphy'? ch. c. by Farindale-
Alarm mare. Pemaur 107, White Plume 112,
Yellow Hammer 107. Tim Payne 112, Baseful
114. Maiiartb lu7. Dimple 105. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— The Hlghwelght handicap;
thrw-year-olds and upward: eix furlongs.
netting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
9 to 6 — Young Henry, 122 (Odom) 4 3 1 »»
11 to 5 — The Rhymer. Ill (Burns). 2 2 2 3
20 to 1— J. Barleyccrn. i»4 (Connell) 113 5
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. A. Shields' l>. g. by Henry Young-Volan
deva. Invasion 107, Locket 103, Navasota 1*7,
also ran.
Time. L:S3\&. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. P. Kramer's b. c. by Golden Gate-Miss
Aiaxim. Sadie S 10S a!so ran. »
THIRD RACE— Islip handicap: three-year
old* and upward; one and an eighth mile?.
Betting. lir.rse. Weight. Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
?• to .'¦ — Golden Maxim. 1C9 (Cchrn) 3 113
B to 5 — Roehanraton, 114 (Bullmar.) 12 2 2
5 to 1 — Oom Paul. 10S (Redfern).. 2 3 3 15
Time. 4 :31. Start good. Won easily. Win
rer. G. Schwartz's ch. g. by Georgetown- Aunt
Cal. J. Rutkin 14*i, M. Harrison l'H>, L. Rad
r.er 1C2. Ga.*ear ll'j, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Leopardctown steeplechase
about two miles.
Betting. Horte. Weight. Joikey. St. \ Fin.
C to 5 — Jdge Phillips, 103 (Henry) 3 1 1 12
4 to 1 — Gum Honey. 132 (A.Jcksa) 5 3 2 J<»
5 to 1— Mesmerist. 133 (Hay) 1 2 3 50
NEW YORK. July ll.-Early visitors to
Brighton Beach to-day saw with regret
the name of Africander scratched from
the day's profcTamme. He was one of
those down to ttart in the Islip Handicap,
haiidiea.rped at 117 pounds and required
to concede eight pounds to Golden Maxim,
of the same age. According to the scale
of weight for age, Africander was giving
15 pounds to Roehampton, IS pounds to
Com Paul and "6 pounds, exclusive of sex
allowance, to Sadie S, too much to con
cede for a stake worth no more than
Golden Maxim, the favorite, was sent
right along at the fall of the flag, and in
the riret furlong had a slight advantage,
which, he increased to five lengths in the
next half mile. It could hardly be called
a contest, so much of a load did the colt
Cain. and. while Rothampton and Oom
i'aul seemed to be closing on the leader
as they made the stretch turn, it was
merely on sufferance. Golden Maxim
again drew away in the stretch and won
as he pleased in the comparatively fast
lime of 1:53 1-5 for the nine furlongs.
James V. with Shea in the saddle, won
the Brighton Junior Stake, worth to the
winner fl'Xw. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Maiden two-year-olds; five
and a half furJonts; rurse.
Bftting. Horse, \wigt.t. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 tj 1— Escobar, lua diullmaa)... 2 1 1 *•*
r. to 1 — Juv. Maxim. 112 <IU-dfern) 12 2a
5 to 1 — Grt CrosEing.luy (Michaels) 3 3 3 ?i
Time. 1 :0s. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner, J. W. 6churr'«s b. g. by Esher-Morning
Glory- Donnelly 112. Sais 112. Bouvier loy.
Bluish 112. Harbor 112. Gold Mallow 109. Ned
Mooro 112. Long Shot 112. Turquoise Blue 109,
Bass 112, Klnpsboro US. The Buck 112. General
l .ir:r.i 112, also ran.
Special Vie patch to The Call
SEVENTH , RACE— Mile ¦ and three-six
teenths; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
1 to 1 — Josle F, 08 (F. Smith) 3 4 I «.£
15 to 1— Buccleuth, 07 (L. Spencer) 112 3
12 to 1— Satin Coat. 100 (Sinclair). 2 3 38
Time. 2:04. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, C M. Barlow's b. f. by St. Florian-Bon
nie M. The Messenger 104, The Way 103.
Eliza Dillon 101, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; han
dicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
4 to 1— Kenova. So (Bridewell)... 1112
15 to 1 — Jordan. 110 (D. Austin)... 2 2 28
3 to 1— Eda Riley. 97 (F. Smith). 4 5 31
Time, 1 :494. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. T. T. Cromwell's ch. m. by Wads
worth-Clean Heels. Jack Young 100, Mynheer
03. Edgardo 103. Jim Clark 102. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: handicap:
Betting. Horse. -Weight. Jockey. St. ?« Fin.
2 to 1— Matster. 107 (Higgins) »5 4 t h
8 to 1— Stand Pat, 98 (D. Austin). 4 3 2h
0 to 5— Two Lick. .100 (Scully) 1 1 3 h
Time. 1:1594. Start good. Won, driving.
Winner. T. A. Gay & Co.'s br. g. by Autorrrat-
Mlss Longford. A. Lark 00, Kindred 110,
Jllino 05. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Mile; Gasconade selling
stakes :
Betting. Horse. "Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
20 to 1 — Judge CantriU. 00 (Smith) 2 4 14
3 to 1 — Light Opera. 101 (Bonner) 4 2 24
12 to 1— Dotty; Shute. 03 (Higgins). 1 ,1 SI
Time, 1:42^4. Start good. Won easily. Win
tier. J: P. Hlrth & Co.'s b. g. by Fabulous
ilagro. Pourquoi Pas 04, Miss Eon 03, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
eelljnn:.., .¦
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
3 to 1 — Labso, 107 (C. Bonner)... 1 1 1 ns
8 to 1— Olonetz. 103 (Otis) 2 4 21
7 to 1 — Chandoo. 107 (Fauntleroy). 6 6 32
Time. 1:4&^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. Leap & Co.'s oh. m. by Magnctlzer-
Laska. Our Lady 105, Kinloch Park 107,' Can
yon 101, Counte6s Clara 104, Sister Lillian 07,
Class Leader 04, Terra Incognita 104, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
13 to 1— Tom Klley. 10(5 I Booker) 3 2 14
6 to 1— Kilo, It's (D. Austin) 5 f> 2 ns
3 to 6 — Mag. Nplin. 107 (Troxler). 2 1 3 h
Time. 1:00%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. H. Hickey & Co.'s ch. c. by St.
Paneras-Yolande III. Mllktrk 107, Atlas 104,
Mlzzenmast 107, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— The Gasconade
selling stakes was the feature at Delmar
Park to-day and was won easily by a
long shot. Judge CantriU, which showed
sudden and remarkable improvement.
The favorite, Pourquoi Pas, led into the
stretch, but could not withstand Caji
trill'a rush of speed. The weather was
clear and the track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Dol. Hayman. 03 (A. Lowe) 3 1 1 h
S to 1 — Impetuous, 01 (Shea) 6 2 2 .'» .
9 to 1 — Grantor, 106 (Bell) 2 S 3 '2
Time, 1:15};. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. McLemore's b. or br. t. by CriRh
ton-Ltsta Hock. Alganata 105. Presbyterian
109. Aylmer Bruce 1»5. Snowdrift 104. Axares
102. Ben Lear 06. Pearl Diver 83, Locoche &3,
Cotton Plant 103. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cook 68. Wells 68. Holcomb 67, Keough
61, Casey CO. Doyle 57, Winder 59. Short 69.
These scores, brought America's grand
total up to 1570, beating last year's record
by eleven points.
Keough tied Sergeant Major Wallingford
of the Hythe Schoolof Musketry for the
best individual score, a total of 206.
The announcement of the American vic
tory was enthusiastically. cheered by the
large crowd of Americans present, and
the Americans were also congratulated
by the British and other competitors.
The scores at 1000 yards were
The totals for the second stage were
America, 515: Great Britain. 504; Canada,
434; Australia. 492; Natal, 447; Norway,
408; France, 404.
Interest in the later firing centered
chiefly in the Americans and the British.
The Canadians had been regarded as dark
horses, but their shooting did not justify
any hope of their success.
The shooting of the American team was
notably quicker than that of the others
and the Americans strictly followed the
instructions of their commanding officer
to refrain from the unnecessary conversa
tion in which some of the other teams in
dulged. The fact that the Americans had
gained a substantial load at the end of
the first two ranees elated them ryid
made them confident of their ability to
maintain the advantage in the last s'.age
and recover the trophy. ' %
Embassador Choate and Naval Attache
Stockton were among the spectators.
After the lunch interval the shooting of
the last stage commenced. During the
first twenty shots America added two to
her lead over the United Kingdom, and
added another three before the close:
In the second half of the 900 range the
Americans gained another two points,
making the aggregates at the end of the
second stage as follows:
America, 10G6; United Kingdom, 105$;
Canada. 1040; Australia. 1001; Natal, 960;
Norway," 355; France, S45.
The scores of the other Americans at
900 yards were:
- Short, 66; Cook, 63; Holcomb, 61; Wells,
59.
America. 266: United Kingdom, 257.
By the time half the teams had shot
off at 900 yards the Americans had gained
nine points, thus giving them a lead of
six points, after deducting the three they
were behind in the first stage.
To the total 266 Keough contributed 69;
Casey 68; Doyle 66 and Winder 63.
The Canadian first squad was second
with 262; the British team was third with
257.
The clearness of the atmosphere made
the shooting conditions ideal. There was
a variable breeze, which was blowing at
the average velocity of six miles an hour.
The scores of half the teams at 900 yards
were:
When the shooting in the second stage
commenced the Americans soon over
hauled and passed their British competi
tors. In the first N twonty shots the United
Kingdom dropped sixteen points, against
eight dropped by the Americans. As the
shooting progressed the keen Interest In
the contest was shown by the number of
spectators continually arriving.
' BISLEy, England, July 11.— America to
day captured' the Palma trophy. \ Her
team scored an aggregate of 1570 out of a
possible 1800, and beat all the best shots
of Europe, South Africa, Australia and
Canada, congregated for the first time on
English-, soil .to compete for the world's
premier shooting trophy. Great Britain
v.-as second with 1555. With the exception
of the SPO-yard range, at which tho United
Kingdom beat, them by three points, the
American team demonstrated superiority
over all comers. The weather conditions
were favorable, though tho heat was ter
rific. .
The shooting at 800 yards resulted as
follows: United 'Kingdom 554, America
551, Canada 53G: Natal 513, Norway 447,
France 441. Austria oil. Jhe above scores
were out of a possible 600.
The individual American scores at 800
yards were: Private George C. Cook 74,
Sergeant J. f. Keough 73, Corporal C. L.
Winder 71, Corporal W. F. Short 69. Lieu
tenant IC. V. Casey 67, Sergeant George
Doyle 66, Lieutenant Thomas Holcomb
C5. Lieutenant A. E. Wells 65. Private Cook
with 74 tied Martin of the British team
for the best score at this range. .
Golden Maxim Easily Cap
tures the Islip Handicap
at Brighton.
Shows Remarkable Improve
ment 1 in the Feature
at Delinar.
Constables Make Another
Raid Upon Washington
Park Bookmakers.
Win the Premier Shooting
: Trophy by 1570 Out
' " :*' of Possible 1800.
Colt Enriches Owner to
the Extent of
$10,800.
Outsider Easily Takes
Gasconade Selling
- Stakes.
Uncle Sam's Riflemen in
England Carry All
Before Them.
Lucien Appleby Only a
Neck Behind at the
Finish.
JUNIOR STAKES
FOR JAMES V
MONARKA WINS
YOUNG HANDICAP
JUDGE CANTRILL
COMES TO LIFE
YANKEES WIN
AGAINST WORLD
UNCLE'S TOSSERS MAKE IT FOUR
STRAIGHT GAMES FROM SENATORS
Batteries— Klinkhammer. Semplo and
Boettiger; Lee and Lofiman. Umpire-
McDonald.
PORTLAND, Or., July 11— Jay Andrews
threw the ball over first into the bleach
ers to-day and Toman trotted around the
circuit, scoring the winnlns run in the
twelfth Inning. In the ninth, after two
men were- out, two errors by Los Angeles
and four hits gave Portland three runs,
tying the score. In the eleventh Dlllln
put the ball over the right-field fence and
walked in. Then Newton hit. Van Buren
and he tied the score again on Nadeau'a
three-bagger. Toman hit a slow gTOunder
to Andrews, who put it ten feet over first
base and let the winning run in. Umpire
Levy distributed a bunch of fines among
the. Los Angeles team and put Smith out
of the came. Score:
¦•> TT TT
Los Anffeles.-O 01100002011— « 16 5
Portland 0 00100003GI 0—3 15 a
Batteries— Newton and Spies; Eagle,
Shea and Hess. Umpire— Levy.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 1L— Oakland
started out like a winner to-day, but after
Seraple replaced Klinkhammer in the
fourth inning they could do nothing and
Seattle won on errors and Lee's gift of
bases on balls. Score: . _
R. II. E.
Seattle 0 003 1200X-6 7 2
Oakland 2 10 0 0 0 0 0 0-3 1 6
ANGELS WIN IN TWELFTH.
Andrews' Bad Throw Puts an End to
the Struggle.
CADIZ. O.. July 11.— Six hundred miners
at Adena. Harrison County, have gone on
strike because they claim that an effort ia
being made to disrupt their union.
miners Have a Grievance.
MANCHESTER. N. II.. July ll.-In a
five-mile motor-paced trial against time
Nat Butler to-night covered the distance
over the new eight-lap track at Lake
Massebesic in 6:243-5. which lowers by
13 3-5 seconds the world's record made « «
the same track last Saturday night by
Harry E. Caldwell.
Nat Butler lowers Becord.
NIAGARA-ON-THB-LAKE. Ont.. July
11. _ The Canadian lawn tennis tourney
ended to-day with the championship
round between E. J. Leonard of Harvard,
winner of the open event. a3 challenger,
and Beals S. Wright of Boston, holder.
"Wright won In straight seta and is now
the owner of the trophy cup as he won
it three times in succession.
Wright Keeps the Trophy Cup.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W 1/ Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Ange-les 58 31 .652 Oakland.... 41 58 .414
Saeram*nto. 53 38 .582 Seattle...... 34 52 .39.,
*San Fran... 55 40 .570 Portland.... ->0 53 .361
(Pacific National League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
W l> Pet I W. I>. Pet.
Butte 43 27 .640 San Fran... -0 38 .503
Eos Angeles 4« 31 .687 Tacoma..... 31 43 .419
Spokane.... 42 32 .568 1 Helena.. .... 2, 45 .3.5
Seattle 41 3t .WMSalt Lake.. * T ¦*>*>*
board, which was good enough to put
him on second. Krug hit the" ball to the
pitcher, who- seemed to become dazed at
the honor and instead of throwlng.it to
third and forcing Lynch, he lined the
sphere to the first bag and Lynch made
third on the play. Then Delmas hit to
short, and while he was being retired.
Lynch landed with the third run for
Uncle. • .
They made one more In the eighth just
for the fun of scoring a parting shot at
Mike. Irwln accepted a pass to first and
then proceeded to pilfer second. Graham
was in a hurry to intercept the rapid
course of the runner and he shied the ball
out Into the center garden, giving Irwin
a chance to get to third. He scored right
away on Leahy's out. shorty to first.
It was Fitzgerald'3 lucky^two-bagger
in 'the eighth that saved the Senators
from the white coating that seemed due.
The lad opened the inning with a fair
smash to deep center and went to third
on Doyle's wallop out to Lynch. While
Shay was busily engaged in retiring Mc-
Laughlin at first. Fitzgerald arrived with
the lone Senatorial tally.
There were several bits of flashy fielding
that tended to enliven the bleacherltes
and make those in the stands cry with
glee. In the fourth, with a man on first.
Truck Egan walloped out one that
soared away out against the left field
fence and looked good for three sacks,
but Lynch was right there and nabbed
the ball just as it was about to hit against
the fence.
Then again, in the seventh round, Del
mas saved a run by a pretty piece of fast
fielding. Townsend had just singled and
was tearing down the line to second when
Egan hit the leather squarely over the
second bag. No one ever dreamed that
Delmas would get it, but he did, and
forced Townsend at second with a per
fect throw to Shay, who was covering
the bag. The score:
Sacramento — ' 1 San Francisco —
AB-R. H. P.A.| AB. R. H. P. A.
Hildbd.lf 4 O u 2 OShay.s... 2 10 3 4
Doyle.cr. 3 0 12 <• Mrany.rf 3 10 2 0
McLhn.rf :: 0 O 1 lllrwtn.Sb. l>013
Twnsd,lb2-0 2 11 1 pihy.c. 4 0-0 0 S
Esan.s.. 4 O 1 2 4IPabst.lb. 4 0 O 11 O
Casey.2b. 4 0.1 1 aJLynch.lf 3 13 5 0
aehn,.-.b 4 »> 1 2 2 Krug.cf.. 3 0 2 4 0
Urahm.c. 3 0 0 3 0lDlmas.2b 3 O O O 5
Fltzgld.p 3 1 1 0 OHerr.p.. 3 0 0 1 2
Totals SO 1 .¦*? 21 1" Totals 28 4 5 £7 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 .0 0 00 I 0 — 1
Base hits., 0 1. 0 1 10 2 2 O— 7
San Francisco .2 O 0 1 O O .0 1 x — 4
Base hits :...! 10 1 0 20 0 x— 5
WHEN the last man had sent
the sphere whirling safely into
the mits of the waiting fielder,
the hope that lingered within
the noble chest of M. Fisher
vanished as if by magic, for the game
was over and victory had paid another
visit to the camp of Uncle Hank, making
the fourth In a row for a week.* Score.
4 to 1.
'Twas a "gingery little exhibition with
the Senatorial gang on the short end of
the result even from the first inning.
Never during the progress of the set-to
did they make even a strong bid for the
battle, and the finish could plainly be
discerned through the clouds of several
rounds yet to come.
And the situation as it now stands is
beginning to assume a serious aspect for
Mike Fisher and a cheerful one for the
home magnate. San Francisco has been
steadily climbing up the pennant ladder,
till at present only one game separates
the local team from the, Senators for sec
ond place in the chase after the flag.
A fortnight ago the Senators were com
ing up strong and many of the wise fans
were willing to make a small-sized bet
that Mike Fisher and his followers would
nose ahead of Los Angeles for the leader
ship before they played many more
games. But they have met foes worthy
of their steel. since that time, and now It
is an even money bet that the Senators
will be in third, place by to-morrow night.
The home team played errorless ball
again yesterday i for the second day In
succession, and this, -with the swell pitch-
Ing of Eddie Herr,- left the Senators- but
a small chance to win. They were un
fortunate to bunch three errors, two of
which were costly and practically gave
the game to the home team.
Shay, the first man up for Uncle, suc
cessfully worked Fitzgerald for a base
on balls. Then Pat Meany shot a hot one
in the direction of Tommy Sheehan.
Tommy grabbed hold of the leather and
aimed at the first bag. But his wing was
not working to a nicety and away the
ball went out into right field, while Shay
tore around to the third cushion and
Meany rested safely at second.
Then the troubles of Fitzgerald com
menced. He took an aerial voyage for a
minute and forgot himself long enough to
hit Irwln a crack i in the ribs, which
filled the bags to overflowing.
Then the fans began to shout at Tommy
Leahy as he advanced to the rubber. But
Tommy wanted to please the crowd too
much and in his anxiety he produced a
pop fly which went into the mitts of Gra
ham. But Pabst fared better, sending
Shay home by forcing Irwin at second.
There were still two left to adorn the
sacks and Lynch let loose with a beauti
ful swat out in left field. Meany came
galloping over the ground and registered
the second run. but Pabst, who Is suffer
ing from a bad attack of "Chartey horse,"
was nailed at the plate while trying to
make the score 3 to 0.
The locals did not . wait long ere they
got busy again. In the fourth spasm
Lynch led off with a clout to the score
Stolen bMM-Irwln. **»*'**£' ?««.
r__ n __ QKpohai 2 Graham. Two-ba»» nits —
base on errors— San Francisco 2. First baa*
on called ball*-Off ™** eT * 1 %*- £l"£Z V
t_c,tt nn Y#i*f* Sacramento 5. San Francisco 4.
Htt'b^Urt^iSEr Townsend. £«"*}•; PUy«
—Egan to Casey to Townsend: , F ltzgeraidto
Townsend to Sheehan. ri^^ r J^t~° M>
hour and 25 minutes. Umpire— CConneu.
SUMMARY.
Two of Fisher's Men Commit Errors at Critical Stages of Contest Which
Allow Three Runners to Cross Plate When They Should Have Been Out.
Delmas and Lynch Make^Fans Yell by Their Fast Work in the Field
RIFLE TEAM FROM UNITED STATES OUTSHOOTS MARKSMEN FROM ALL PARTS OF GLOBE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, SUNDAY, JUIiY 12, 1903.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS. . _^^______
FOUND IN COUNTLESS MILLIONS IN THE DUST AND
DIRT OF THE STREETS; SWARMING IN THE POL-
LUTED AIR OF SHOPS AND FACTORIES, AND IN- y^J^^^^^iM^W^fm
VADING THE HOMES OF THE RICH AND POOH. • /^^P^j^^^p?ff JUF
Germs and microbes assail us on every hand iW^^kfL J^ :: vi^M"-- .^
and surround ' us on. every side;, there is no possi- fcjf -^vMwif^?llfc-^G/ '%¦ • la-
bility of escape from these little enemies to health Mm'?"^mP^^^Am^ : &B ::? i^^]
and life, for they are invisible to the natural eye, -ill- /•llfflyW f-M iO^glp^J f W
and give no signs of their presence. We carry them W ;fe-«!p^.J^^^S^^J^S^K
about in our clothing and unconsciouslv inhale them tf^ "\i^< : \- ¦¦¦fcrvrri^£L% f^^>f
into our lungs, and take them into our system with -v-"*f -^ «^> tN^ :N "
our food and drink. These smallest of all living . things get into the circulation, cans-
ing fermentation and deterioration of the blood and wreck and ruin to the whole system.
They feed upon the elements of the blood, rob it of its health-giving, nutritious qualities,
destroy the red corpuscles and reduce it to a thin watery state, when it can no longer sur>
ply vigor and strength to the body which succumbs often to the simplest disease.
When germs and microbes find a lodgment in the blood it means an end to good health.
The decline may be gradual but is sure. One after
another the different organs of the body are affected, PO'SONED BY THE GERMS OF MALARIA.
, -r • -l * -1 x-l -rr-j c m i r began using your S. S. S. probably 10
the Liver becomes torpid, the Kidneys fail to act, the years ago for Malaria and blood troubles.
Stomach is thrown out of order, the digestion becomes *** u I*?™* *° g**** at that time that I
, ... . ,' G . j. a ¦- ... have oontiaued ever since using it as a fam-
weak, the constitution runs down, an lnainerent lire- ily remedy. Recently one of my children
less condition ensues, and disease fastens itself upon troubled with lau-ge, painful boils on tho
,,-...,.,' r . , j • K back of Us aeck; after suffering with these
the helpless victim because or the germs and microbes for several months, we tried s. s. s., and am
at work in the blood. Glad to state that a bottle and a half cured
Malaria, Aenemia, Chronic Ulcers, Dangerous u°S "pleasure for me to recommend
Fevers, Carbuncles and- Boils and many wasting de- s - 5;' s * fo J th9 be 5\ efit o 0f others who are
,....' ,. j , 11 j • e . 1 needing a first rate blood purifier, tonic and
bihtatmg diseases are due to a polluted germ-infected sure cure for Malaria. -
blood. No one can feel well or is well whose system ¦ . . „, °- c - Hemingway,
, c . , • -j- j ± J r Arkansas City, Ark. •
is at the mercy of these insidious and unseen atoms of
destruction and foes of human health and happiness. They must be driven out and the
weak sluggish blood invigorated - and made rich and pure again before the debilitated
system can rally and good health- is. again established. S. Si S. supplies all the needed
properties to the watery blood and removes all obstructions to a full and free circulation
resulting in renewed strength and vitality, better appetite and digestion and the certain up-
'¦ ; b _ •__— _ _^j building of the health. S. S. S. by keeping the blood
p4Hk^ '^ B - -Ih *^ * n * te natura * purity and strength prevents the accumu-
f^^^ f tf*^J| 8 lation of germs and microbes or other impurities in the
\2?^^ \]^^^ system and thus lessens the danger of infection from
ik^ 1^^^ i^^^^M b*^"*%^ these blood contaminating health destroying pests.
P***Jr$ U**^jf &**^^J As lon £ as * tliere is a. perfect circulation of pure
¦¦^^^^ f -^ blood throughout/the body we enjoy freedom from dis-
; ; ( ease and the blessings of good health. S. S. S. contains
ho mineral ingredients whatever, but is guaranteed strictly vegetable and harmless
OUR MEDICAL DEPARTMENT: Write us if you have any chronic ailment, old sore or
ulcer, boils, skin trouble, or are suffering with Malaria and in that condition where you
are not exactly sick nor ever entirely well, and our physicians will give your letter prompt
attention and through their advice and help you may be saved many years of pain and
suffering. Address all letters to THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTAm GA.
A n VEBTrSEMENTS.
f& ATIONAL AUTOMOBILE^o! 1
PHONE SOUTH 1142. 134 10 148 GOLr.EN GAT£ AVE.
'rambler, ;
I I ¦¦! MBB ll»l — IIMl^lllW l im * W f I J ftt *3II 1 1 • i * .
| AUTOCAR— Touring Cars. TOLEDO— Touring Cars.
5 PEERLESS— Touring Cars.
LGive us a call and we will show you a fine line of record-breakers^J
H 0S^^K!£^^Lfi33B fflHCSB^^3*^53 BBBhSEBSBBC^D **Plfl_LiXr_!SJ3i fcir^i f__Ashantee Is one continuous forest, with
email clearings, . where native villages
have been .built.
The prevalence of rabies has reached
euch dangerous proportions In Chicago
that education of policemen in the symp
toms of the disease 1b, urged as neces
sary. . ,j . _ .
"Cheese it. fellers, here -comes de cap
ting of de Dago!"— Philadelphia Public
Ledger.
When Captain Ross of the cutter Onon
daga, which la now anchored in the
Delaware, opposite Race-street pier, was
asked if he did not think the word Wlssa
hickon had a very musical sound, re
plied:
"Oh, yes! Wlssahickon would sound all
right, and so does Onondaga, if the peo
ple here would only let It go at that. But
the present generation of boys— and it Is
they who set the pace In such matters
know more about Italians than they do
about Indians. The other day, as I was
crossing Delaware avenue, I was. horrified
at hearing a street urchin say to a dozen
of his longshore companions:
A new vessel is being built to take the
place of the Washington, the boarding
boat of the port, and in pursuance of the
present practice of the revenue cutter ser
vice in naming all the new steamers after
Indian tribes, it Is proposed to call her
Wlssahickon, as a most appropriate name
for the Philadelphia Custom-house cut
ter.
Could Not Stand the Nickname.
Muri says that he harbors no ill will
against Hausel; that, bo far as he was
concerned, everything ended with the
fight of long ago. He brought witnesses
to show that he did not leave the brewery
before half-past 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon, consequently could not have been
implicated In any occurrence on Gough
street at 3 o'clock. He exonerated him
self to the satisfaction of the authorities
and was permitted to go his way.
Blood stains were found for several
blocks in the vicinity of the killing. They
begin at the corner of Green and Gough
streets, a few feet from where the body
was discovered. At the corner of Octavia
and Green streets they were profuse, and
the trail Is again picked up on Octavia
at Union street and continue as far as
Greenwich street. Along Octavia street
the spots accompany every step and In
dicate that the pedestrian must have sev
ered an artery. The fact that the Wun
der Brewery is on Greenwich street was
one of the first- circumstances that
seemed to connect Muri with the death of
the brewer, but the stains do not continue
in that direction and appear to be lost at
the last-named point
MYSTEEY OF BLOOD STAINS.
Regarding the blood stains, it Is thought
that Hausel may have received the knife
wound In the throat and walked to the
place where he met death, bleeding as he
went. The two men who followed are
thought to have been instrumental in giv
ing him the injury. It is admitted that
presence In the city recently.
MURI CLEARS HIMSELF.
Hausel was formerly an employe of the 1
Seattle Brewing and Malting Company ir/
Seattle. He married a niece of Mrs An
drew Hemrich. wife of the president of
that corporation, about a year and a half
ago, and moved to this city a few months
later."
Advices from San Jose are to the ef
fect that Hausel and Emil Muri. with whom
he had quarreled., -"worked in the malt
house of the Eagle brewery in that city
three years ago. One day they had a list
fight, in which Hausel came out second
best. As he was the aggressor, the man
ager discharged him. Muri was well
liked, while Hausel, on account of his
habits, was unpopular. >
is one of suicide, but are unable to ex
plain why a man with a knife wound in
his throat would visit a strange neighbor
hood and leap to death from a stairway
twelve fe«t high. There is only one little
piece of evidence that could assist in solv
ing the manner of the brewer's death. A
brass collar botton. badly crushed, was
found alongside of the body. This was
not the property of Hausel, as he wore a
soft flannel shirt. Which was fastened
by fixed buttons. Whether in a strug
gle this button was dropped by an assail
ant is "as yet unknown. The initials In
the hat that was found with the body also
arouse suspicion. They are "G. A," while
the dead man's were "J. H."
SCENES THAT FIGURE IN THE POLICE INVESTIGATION OF THE
DEATH OF JOSEPH HAUSEL. DETECTIVE WHO IS TRYING TO
SOLVE MYSTERY AND FORMER ENEMY OF DECEASED.
TKE mystery of the death of Joseph
HauFol if as far from a solution
as •when the body of the unfor
tunate brewer was discoverel on
!the sidewalk in front of 2j23 Gough
.rtreet Friday afternoon. The police pro
nounce the case one of suicide. They as
euroe that Hausel hurled himself from a
landing twelve feet high in front r.f the
house -where the body was found and that
-fatal injuries were- the result. There are,
however, circumstances which will net
conform to this theory. The presence of
the knife wound in the throat has n< t
been explaine-d and bloodstains, traced
many blocks from the scene of the caat'i,
give rise to the suspicion that murder
¦was done.
The supposed crime may be fixed upon
two men. both of whom are still unknown
to the police. They were seen following
liau&cl just before he was killed and jtr
terday it was ascertained that two stra^
«rs were se-en in a nearby saloon about
that time. A theory has been advanced
that the brewer rush*d up tne stalrway
to escape his pursuers, was followed, cap
tured and thrown from the top of the
ftairway. Ju*t what happened before this
time and what ltd up to the trouble, if
there w«f any, forms the mysterious por
tion of th*» Ftory.
MENTALLY UNBALANCED.
One thing was proved by Detective
Ti'-alK's investigation. Hausel was ec
ceutTic and slightly demented. His re
utti from Vallejo was occasioned by the
fact that (he proprietor of the Solano
!BJWWfry believed him insane and dis
chkr^pd him. His leavetaking of his
wJTe in Los Angelc-s is also counted pc
rdlar. Up departed without h*»r knowl
e<lpe and- the only missive he ever penned
tq her was found unmailed in his trunk.
UJ3 associates nnd acquaintances talk of
tho .man's peculiar ideas. Those who
kse'w him bast say that he was demented.
•^.For a tirr.« Flmil Muri. a brewer cm-
in the Wander Brewery, at Scott
«nd Oreenwich streets, was under eur-
TellUnce by the authoriUes. Muri had
trouble with ilauFel in Ban Jose about
three years ago and the last named ac
fused Muri of fracturing his ribs during
in altercation and brought suit for dam-
Ages. When the et:H came up for tria!
jfJatisel did not appear, but the spirit of
.tnmity h&s never beon eradicated. De-
JrctivA Uraig visited the brewery yest»r
j£ny aftomcon and submitted the suspect
f%r> a rigid cross-examination. Muri ad
xnitted the trouble, but claims that he
4 has not seen his enemy for a year, al
though he says that he had heard of his
Artificial rubles are now successfully
made up to 12 or. 15 carats by M. Verneul,
a scientist of Paris. , . / ,- .
A kind hearted woman who' was walk
ing the other day through one of the
streets in the vicinity of Fairmount Park
saw a little boy sitting on the curbstone,
crying bitterly.
Her heart was at once touched, and
going up to the little felow she asked
him the cause of his grief. Lookinjp.up
through his tears, he explained that .riis
mother had sent him with some pennies
to a nearby grocery and that he had lost
the money.
"Well," said the woman, as she put her
hand on the boy's head, "shedding tears
will not bring back your money. What
makes you cry that way?"
"'Cause," answered the boy, as he look
ed at the woman perplexedly, "I don't
know how to cry any other way."— New
York Press.
The Only. Way.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. July. 11.— An elec
trical storm delayed the start of to-day's
game more than an hour. The field was
a sea of mud and the home club fielded
miserably. Cleveland batted Waddell off
the rubber in the fifth inning. Attend
ance, 6000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 10 14 j{
Philadelphia 3 8 7
Batteries— Bernhard and Bemis; Wad
dell, Henley and Powers.
WASHINGTON, July 11.— The Detrolts
won the last game of the series, shut
ting out the home team. Muliin had ex
cellent control and the six hits made oft
him were scattered in as many innings.
Attendance, 1400. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 0 6 4
Detroit 4 10 2
Batteries— Patten and Kittredge; Mul
lin and McGuire.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The last game of
the series between St. Louis and New
York developed an eleven inning contest,
which the home team won. St. Louis held
the lead up to the ninth, when the score
was tied, and the winning run was made
in the last half of the eleventh with
two out. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. II. E.
New York 5 13 2
.St. Louis 4 11 1
¦ Batteries — Tannehill and O'Connor;
Evans. Sudhoff and Kahoe.
BOSTON, July 11.— The locals pounded
Dunkle all over the field to-<lny and won
the last game of the series. Collins
batted in terrific fashion, getting three
singles, a triple and a home run. Attend
and, 5800. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 8 15 3
Chicago 5 10 2
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Dunkle
and Slattery.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, July 11.— St. Louis won to
day's game from the Philadelphias pretty
much as they pleased. The game was
loosely played and featureless. Attend
ance, 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 11 1
Philadelphia \ 4 It 5
Batteries — Rhoades, Currle and J.
O'Nell; Washburn and Zimmer. Umpire —
Moran.
PITTSBURG. July 11.— Pittsburg won
by good batting and Boston's errors. Phil
llppi was hit hard, but was saved by ex
cellent support. Attendance, 5200. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg ; 10, 12 2
Boston * 2 5 4
Batteries— Philllppl and Smith; Pittinger
and Moran. Umpire — Emslie.
CINCINNATI, July 11. — Cincinnati
handed \o-day's game to the New Yorks
by stupid work on the bases. McGinnity
was knocked out of .the box in the
seventh and Matthewson took his place.
Attendance. 5000. Score:
Cincinnati 683
New York 8 10 1
Batteries— Poole and Bergen; McGinnity,
Matthewson and Warner. Umpire
O'Day.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Only one of the
locals reached second to-day, Jones.fold
ing them down to three singles and caus
ing sixteen of them to be put out on pop
up flies. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. B.
Chicago 0 3 t l
Brooklyn 2 8 l
Batteries— Tucker and Kling; Jones and
Ritter. Umpire— Johnstone.
» ? .
Gambling among American workmen is
almost unknown as compared with the
same evil in Great Britain, says the
Mosely. commissioners.
It is anticipated that the world's supply
of gold will be doubled In the next ten
years. ;-*•..
A mountain of granite two miles long
and a half mile wide has been discovered
in Oklahoma.
Open stake, first round— Old Ironside
beat My Nell. 11-7; Bright Fortune beat
Sir Lawrence, 8-2; Stevenamon beat Mer
ry Lou, 24-7: Patricia beat Krishna. 5-2;
Pasha Pleasant beat Linda. 11-8; Yukon
beat Eagle. 8-4: McHenry beat Belle Hill,
15-9: Real Pasha beat Sempronius. 30-3;
Rich Argosy beat Flying Fox. 10-9; Young
Fearless beat Algie McDonald. 9-8; Maid
of Mercy beat Lottie W, 1S-4; Sofala beat
Erebus, 7-3; Prometheus beat Laughing
Water, 7-0; Golden Garter beat Flora
Bird, 12-8; Homer Boy beat Yellowtail.
14-5: Haddington beat Tersh. 16-5; In
truder beat Belle Lloyd. -4-2; Go On beat
May Flush. 11-9: Mollle Mac beat Afri
cander, 9-3; Lily Wright beat Miss Wil
son, 8-0; Pure Pearl beat Sylvan, 13-5;
Whisky Hill beat Castle Blarney Boy, 8-6;
Pepper Jack beat Onward. 7-0; Lady Chl
quita beat Alababa, 14-6; Pullman Girl
beat Miss Grizzle, 11-7; Flora Bells beat
Miss Brummel. 8-7; May Hexr.pstead beat
Equator, 9-6; Valid beat Sir Pasha, 22-3;
Little Mercy beat' Little Plunger. 12-9;
General Dewet beat Remisso Animo, 20-1;
Jack Short beat Willie Hat. 10-7; White
Mystery beat White Tail, 12-9; Harlean
Galdys beat Maid of Potrero, 18-7; Black
Coon beat Thetis, 15-6; Idaho Boy beat
Tom Hurlick. 10-5; Advance Guard beat
Emln Bey. 2S-5; Bonnie Hughie beat
Bright Gold, 7-3; Una beat Belfast. 12-9;
Bob R beat Star Sylvanus. 37-1; Proxnpto
beat Naughty Girl. 5-0; Cloverdale beat
War Eagle. 13-7; Conroy beat Wedgfe
wood, 6-2; Red Pepper beat Flower of
Gold, 6-1; Frisky Barbara beat Martha
Washington, 5-0.
Coursing Results.
It was nearly six o'clock when Lou Dil
lon appeared for her trial of a mile
against Alix's record of 2:03%. The
track was it* excellent condition. Mlllard
Sanders was in the sulky and two run
ners accompanied the little mare around
the track.
She got away at the first trial, stepping
like a whirlwind and at no time did sha
falter. She reached the first quarter In
0:31ii. the half in 1:01%, the three-quar
ters in 1:32% and finished the mile In
2:03i£, amid tremendous cheers.
Lou Dillon is owned by C. K. Billings
of Chicago.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 11.— Lou Dil
lon to-day broke the world's record for
trotting mares by one-quarter of a sec
ond, going the mile in 2:03^. It was the
second fastest mile ever trotted, Cresceua
alone having a better mark.
J. B. Adams and C. Myrick beat* J. M.
Baker and J. Lewis, 7-5, 6-4; 1*. C. Bo
zarth and G. C. Janes beat J. F. Brady
and A. Brown, 6-4, 7-5, 6-4; Schoeneman
beat Murphy, 7-5; Martin- and Jones
beat Hall and Hamilton, 6-2.
Most of the crack players of the park
rested yesterday to go into to-day's tour
nament fresh. Following are a few of
the matches played:
The following matches were played:
Sidney Salisbury and Herbert Long
beat Alexander Beyfuss and Harry
Rolfe. 6-4, 3-6. 6-4; H. Averell beat Her
bert Gray. 6-4, 6-3, 6-3; Dr. Hill tied
Salisbury, 6-2, 3-6; Harry Haight and
Salisbury tied. Drs. Hill and McChes
ney, 7-5, 4-6; A. W. Worthington beat
W. F. Bull. 6-4, 3-6, 7-5, 6-2, 6-1; Rolfo
tied Salisbury. 6-4. 3-6; Glenn Cogwill
(30) beat Norman Hodgkinson, 8-6;
Harry Gabriel tied Cogwill, 6-4. 3-6:
Salisbury and Hodgkinson tied Hill
and McChesney. 4-6, 7-5; R. B. Daggett
boat H. Averell, 6-4. 5-7, 6-4; Gray
and Manning beat Dr. Lovegrove and
A. Husband. 6-3, 6M. 7-5; W. S. Dole
beat J. Murphy, 6-4, 3-6. 6-4.
The California Club courts were In
great demand yesterday afternoon and
some interesting matches were played
by the experts. Two very clever doubles
matches were played, the result in each
case being a tie. In the first Harry
Haight and Sidney Salisbury were ¦ op
posed to Drs. Hill and Both
sets were close, the nrs\going to Haight
and Salisbury, 7-5, and the second to
the medical men, 6-4. The latter are im
proving rapidly and will make a for
midable doubles team. McChesney is
an old University of California cham
pion, and at present is playing a much
stronger game than in his college days.
In the next match Haight's place was
taken by Norman Hodgkinson, but even
with this reinforcement the doctors
were not beaten. They won the first set,
6-4, but lost the next, 7-5.
In singles A. W. Worthington again
distinguished himself by taking W. F.
Bull into camp. The latter lost four sets
out of five. Worthington is undoubtedly
the strongest of the lower class men.
and the latter find it a very difficult mat
ter to get even one set out of five from
him. The features of his game are his
well-placed serves and speedy drives.
Hill and Salisbury also played an ex
citing singles. They quit with honors
even, each winning a set. Hodgkinson
allowed odds of SO to Glenn Cogwlll, but
the latter won, 8-6.
Michael Fisher's German friends haven't
seen him since— but it isn't their fault.
Michael hasn't seen his German friends
since— and it is his fault.
Bing! A hot one to right . center— a
clever scoop— a line throw to. first and
then "You're out!"
"Rotten! Rotten! Rotten!" from the
German" duo, and then chaos reigned. The
fat policeman was on top of them In an
instant and, with a pop-eyed German's
coat collar in either hand, he bumped
their heads /together until all became a
blank. Then he hauled them to \he exit
and booted them into the street. Mean
while the wretch who had caused all the
trouble was rolling in the sawdust,
screaming with devilish delight.
They saw and promised to obey.
A minute before the game started Fish
er was seen in close consultation with a
husky policeman. With extended fore
finger he pointed out his two friends.
"There," he explained to the officer, "are
a brace of Dutch loafers who came here
to break this game up in a riot." I heard
'cm talking: about it. There are others
scattered about in the audience, but
they're the ringleaders and they intend
to start the trouble by yelling 'Rotten.' "
"Holy Moses!" interrupted the law's
guardian. "Say no more, Mr. Fisher.
I'll fix 'em the minute they start in to
roar. Leave it to me. I hate the Dutch,
anyhow."
"Batter up!" called the mask and chest
protector man and a sprightly athlete of
the Fisher combine stood at the plate,
bat in hand.
Those who have been told the story are
laughing over the discomfiture of two
German grocerymen who, until a few days
ago, boasted of the intimate friendship
which existed between themselves and
Mike Fisher, baseball manager, practical
joker and so forth. The boast has been
called in and they are now out after Mike
with bung starters and things. Here's
how it happened:
Mr. Fisher's Teutonic friends had never
witnessed a baseball game. After per
sistent persuasion Mike prevailed upon
them the other day to accompany him to
the Harrison street lot to see his Senators
wipe the earth with a rival bunch of
ball tossers. Fl/lding seats for them down
in front of a big audience of the grand
stand cranks, the suave Michael gave
them a parting word of instruction prior
to hurrying away to attend to his man
agerial duties.
"Now listen to me," said the brazen
hypocrite, "what you want to do is this:
You see that big fellow out there with
the mask and chest protector on? Well,
he's the guy we call the umpire. Now,
you watch him; for. Just as likely aa not,
as soon as one of my men hits the ball
and starts to run that fellow will holler
'You're out.' If he does so I want both
of you to stand right up in your seats and
yell 'RoUen.' Keep yelling 'Rotten' as
loud as you can, for that'll help me to
win the game, see?"
Lou Dillon Goes a Mile
at Cleveland in
2:03 1-2.
Mike Fisher Plays One
on German Friends
Eflectively.
Electrical Storm Delays
the Game More Than
an Hour.
Several Close Matches
Played on California
Courts.
CLEVELAND WINS
IN SEA OF MUD
BREAKS WORLD'S
TROTTING RECORD
JOSH SUCCEEDS
WITHOUT HITCH
MANY EXPERTS
WIELD RACKETS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
the severe fracture may have been pro
duced by- a fall. It does not, however,
seem probable that a fall of twelve feet
was sufficient to cause so great an injury.
The absence of abrasion on the scalp is
given as a theory that no weapon was
used, but the victim may have been
clubbed with a heavyi wrapped imple
ment.
What Hausel was doing in the neighbor
hood where his death occurred is hard to
tell. He had no friends there, so far as
is known, and must have been there by
appointment. Sillineri & Valente, ffrocers
at the corner of Filbert and Octavia
streets, say that two strangers came to
their place about the time Hausel met
death and asked for a drink. On being
told that liquor was not disposed of in
small quantities in their place, the men
inquired for a florist in the neighborhood
and took their departure. One man is de
scribed as being well dressed, while the
other had the appearance of a laborer.
The police, have concluded that the case
Detectives Incline to Belief That Brewery Worker Took His Own Life by
. Plunging From the Stairs Leading to the House in Front of Which His
Body Was Found, But Wound in Throat Seems to Disprove Theory
POLICE FAIL TO UNFOLD MYSTERY
OF JOSEPH HAUSEL'S TERRIBLE END
37
_^ ADVEBTISiaiENTS.
¦ ¦BBHMUHHHBHHHBBHUUBflBBBBBBBBHMSB
¦ .¦<¦,:-. W
m Why suffer and. run the risk of sudden death? We have j|
¦ cured hundreds of others, and CAN CURE YOU. Call and JJ
a get names and addresses of those we have aired. See what ¦
¦ they say about it. Consultation will cost you nothing. YOU e
I DO NOT PAY A CENT TILL CURED. Can you afford g
¦ to delay? ' ¦
¦ . - ¦ __j • ¦
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE |
¦ 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. g
Ebbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb ¦bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbm 5
AP VESTTB K M EOTS.
hi j *&^^g3 : Kj&4<w'<r^~ s* M* r * j A" |gj |T^|i^||iT| v lift*
A Message to Hen Who Want Strength:
f^^^l^^^^^^ 1 HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made be-' K Jf
for ?' a beIt whicn w iH transform the weakest, puniest specimen of "half /TfljTTffv
ll )tn^^^PMB man " int0 a P er * ect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it. I want
%ITlP H^liiliBiial a- test case. Therefore, I offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will use ¥ 1-
\llliill/>" this Kelt un<^ er m y diction for four months and then show by examination of
fY^^mSB any re P ut ? bJe physicia'n that he is not cured, sound and well. . v jjjj »J '
1 J^^^^^^^SSsm This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years without §^\|
||Jm||t benefit. 1 want men with Rheumatism, Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys, §L M
\\lll]j\ ' Sciatica, Lumbago, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- 'MffR
fp^l^giffiHBBW comotor Ataxia. Torpid Lver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. All of these troubles
•ifrmrif lH^Bra^ in cnronic f° rm 1 can cure witn tn ! s new Belt > even after a 'l other treatments |T]i
HH have failed. To every weak, debilitated man who wears this new Belt I give m^Jf'
; g««iMw» my free electric attachment for men. M^
p\ J| This attachment is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men, and assures a cure of all waste of strength, . jjjj . *
$hYTTfT^I ear 'y decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power. ' W p*H **.
'\ Hi T ** you can cal1 ' comc an^ scc me ' and I wil1 show you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a wonderful device. You can if y».»
l\ ill K feeI tlie Rowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from your own neighbors telling VV «'
MrHI^ how I cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 21 years. tmiwjtfis
Sf V . If you can't call, write, and I will send a book describing my new method, with letters from many grateful men and X liHf I v
#A £; women. If you write send this ad and I will send the book, sealed, free. Cut the ad out and act to-day. - I j I 1
'/\ |If r NEVER SOLD IN DRUQ STORES OR BY AGENTS. §^1*
tnJ R8 C# McLau S ll l i ! 1 ' W Market Street, Above Ellis, San Francisco. Lif
) lH I Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St. I,os Ang-eles, 139 South Syria* Street. I || I
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^_
L^^r^ 10 DATS ' '- tEIAl1 or ok. liA-varwcE-s wokdebpto |
p§?f)f Vacuum Developer f
i&£*%Sf AND INVIGORATOR I
J^IT J\ir r \ qu'cWy and permanently restores Lost Strength cures
I LATEST ,/y^aricocele. Strtcture. ProsUtic Troubles. Drains and Demons
jtm^'^^^runk^Dwarfedor Undersized part, by* a 'simpla HOME
I s£>r ... I** 8 tne only method that stimulates a frea rtmiiaHnn nt
I ¦*£*& \ he blo ?d '"to the debiBUted organs. thus t£rmanent?r
I *<ae&> strengthening and enlarging them. permanentir
Si Iff *r fi te w f ?L fuJ1 Particulars an a our* 64-page Illustrated book
f [! KS" S> 8bo . w ! n S m »le eystem and fully explaining our remark
I I man Tho t u J ld 1<! r-ead n k' eaIe<1 * «™S£®kSE "£$&
I 1 \i Ou r physicians ar« reliable and experienced Sm»r!*ii«t« iM
I I I j * a * m - l <> 9 P- m. 8undays. 10 to L Also open evenlnEs. '
Mm Health Appliance Co. j/
I jgjrgjf. 6 OTAXKl^X. ST. (near Mark.t), BAM THAHCISCO. J
I 'iff i JSl aWillie Ovendlna, 6 years old, playing
with matches, set flre to his mother's
home at 810 Chester street, and but for
the bravery and self-sacrifice of Fireman
George P. Fraser would have been burned
to death.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 11.
Chemists have long ago told us not only,
what is the exact composition of the air,
but also that this composition is prac
tically constant, whether the air be that
near the mountain top or the sea, or from
the country or of the town. So far, then,
chemistry would not appear to offer any
explanation of the benefit gained from a
"change of . air." Similarly, every one
knows the sweetness and freshness of the
early morning air, attractive properties
which disappear as the day advances; but
eo for as analysis goes the composition
of'Arly morning air is not different from
that of air at any other time. •
It will bo . remembered, however, that
during the passing of night to day and of
day to night several physical changes
take place. There is a fall in temperature
at sunset and a rise again at dawn, and
consequently moisture is alternately being
thrown out and taken up again, and it is
well known -that change of state Is ac
companied, by electrical phenomena and
certain chemical manifestations also. The
formation of dew has probably, therefore,
far. more of dew effects that merely the
moistening of objects -with water. Dew
George P. Fraser Takes
Chances in Burning
House.
Cause of Its Sweetness
Is Shown by Chemi
cal Analysis. •
Hospital for Contagious Diseases.
OAKLAND. July 11.— The Board of
Health has decided to build a hospital
for contagious diseases. It Is to cost
about $10,000. including furnishings. The
balance of the $15,000 appropriated will be
used to purchase a site. ' \ ,
Child Makes Serious Charge.
OAKLAND, July 11.— J. M. Anderson,
a painter aged 38 years, was arrested to
day upon statements of a serious nature
made by Helen Klegley, the seven-year
old daughter of C. H. Klegley. He makes
a denial of the charge. - : .•' '
displaced Charity.
A sympathetic woman who was wa'k
ir-sr slong lower Sixth avenue the other
morning was greatly touched by seeing a
ragged man eagerly snatch a crust out
nf the gutter and devour it voraciously.
She drew out her purse immediately, be-
Etowed a coin on the man and hurried
away. Her destination led her to mount
to the platform of the elevated station,
whence she observed the ragged man still
loitering on the sidewalk below. He
glanced furtively about and then drew
another crust from his pocket and cast
It into the gutter. The train bore away
a very angry woman philanthropist.— New
York Sun.
NEVADA, ilo., July 11. — Roomi have been
rngaged at Eldorado Springs for John D.
Rockefpllrr. who I» expected within a few
days. Rockefeller, It is sal<2. 1b coins to the
rpring* for hla health and will remain several
week*.
Succeeds as Assistant Manager.
OAKLAND, July 11.— Henry Wads
worth, who for some time has actively
assisted In the* management of th« busi
ness affairs of the Realty Syndicate, ha*
been elevated to the position of assist*
ant manager. He will succeed J. M." 1
Chase, who has been appointed to another
position In the company.
Six hundred men are regularly employed
on the new steamship Kaiser Wllhelra.
Say He Helped Bolster
Up Tale of Bock's
Broken Knee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July lL
The arrest to-day at Ltverxnore of Dol
bert Smith, 18 years old, added another
peck to the bushel of trouble that Is al
ready Spiled up against John Bock, alias
Charles R. Lane, the man who made a
good living by exhibiting an ancient break
In his"knee r cap to sympathetic Juries all
over the country. Smith is charged with
perjury, like his father, Josiah S. Smith,
alias George R. Rodgers. and Lane, who
Joined In bringing damage suits against
innocent cities and Individuals wherever
they could find them. With the other al
leged conspirators he will be forced to
stand trial at Astoria, Or., the last city
to be, "worked" by them.
The game these fellows practiced yield
ed them lots of money. It consisted in
going around .and finding chuck holes
that were easy to fall into. Bock has
a fractured knee and he worked it over
time In the search for holes in sidewalks.
As scon as he found & suitable one he
would fall Into it, claim to have fractured
his knee and sue for damages, which he
generally got. The two Smiths used to
back up his claims with their testimony,
which was ready made.
In this way the gang got J250O damages
from Astoria, $2000 from" Seattle. $180 from
the Oakland Railroad Company, $300 from
a Mrs. Hinton of San Francisco and other
amounts . from other -places.'
In Norway drunkenness is punished by
imprisonment. As soon as a man is in
carcerated the delinquent has a loaf and
wine morning and evening. The bread is
served in a wooden bowl full of wine, in
which it has been soaking for an hour.
The f.rst day the drunkard swallows hiB
allowance willingly enough. The second
day it seems less pleasing. At the end of
eight or ten days prisoners have been
known to abstain altogether from the
food thus pitilessly presented. This
course of treatment finished, the drunk
ard, except in rare instances. Is radically
cured.
Norway Cure for Drunkenness,
BERKELEY. July 11.— The- funeral of
William J. Allen, the young newspaper
man who lost his life by falllns off an
electric car. will be held to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock from Brown's under
taking establishment on Thirteenth street.
Oakland.
Funeral of William J. Allen.
OAKLAND. July 11.— The body of Louie
Doe. a Chinese farm laborer, was found
hanging to a bridge on the county road
near Alvarado this morning by some
hunters. He tied the rope to a beam,
slipped a nooEe around his neck and then
swung off from a bank Into eternity. As
Louie Doe had been missing three weeks
he Is supposed to have been dead that
long. The body Is at the Centerville
Morgue awaiting an inquest. ;
Chinese Hangs Himself.
Jorgenson Gets Children.
OAKLAND, July 11.— The two children
of Julius Jorgenson, the absconding Dan
ish bank clerk, held at the County Jail
here, were returned to their parent to
day 'by Mjs. Agnes Sheppard. who Is at
the head of Christ's Home for the Poor
and Needy, where they have been for
some time.
A man who lives in the southern part
ct the city has a small house and raises
hens, which he keeps In his cellar. On
one occasion his water pipes burst and
all his hens were drowned. In deep trou
ble, he went to the police department,
v- here he was advised to go to the Chief
of the Water Bureau. This he did, but
ipcttir.g little satisfaction he returned to
the police.
"Haven't you been here before?" asked
the Chier.
"Yes." said the man. "and you advised
me to to to the Water Bureau."
"Well, what did the*- sav?'
"Th<-y told me to keep ducks."— New
York Press.
Gave Good Advice.
BERKELEY, July 11.— Mrs. Jane R.
Reed of 2629 Otis street was arrested by
Deputy Marshal Howard to-day on *
charge of inciting boys to fight. She is
alleged to have urged some boys tu
thrash the seven-year-old son of Frank
Johnson of 2627 Otis street and even to
have helped herself. She- will be- tried
before Justice Edgar on July ZL~
Incites Boys to Fight.
MORNING AIR
MOST BENEFICIAL
Assisting Father Kin? in the solemn
high mass with which the golden jubilee
exercises will commence to-morrow will
be the Rev. Father Lawrence Serda, pas
tor of the Sacred Heart Church, who
will officiate as deacon: the Rev. Father
J. J. Cranwell, chaplain of St. Mary's
College, who will act as sub-deacon, and
the Rev. Thomas McSweeney, pastor of
St. Francis de Sales Church, who will
be master of ceremonies. ' Vicar General
J. J. Prendergast of the archdiocese of
San Francisco will preach the sermon.
His Grace Archbishop P. W. Riordan,
who. with fifty priests, will be within the
sanctuary, Is expected to deliver a brief
address at the close of the mass. Of
the many invitations sent out by Father
King to his friends in the priesthood
Father Michael King, pastor of
the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion, will celebrate the completion of
half a century in the service of the Lord.
With his parishioners, the, beloved priest
has been preparing for sortie days to fit
tingly commemorate the golden anniver
sary of the day he was ordained to preach
the word of God. All is now in readi
ness and the occasion is certain to be
a memorable one in the religious life of
this side of the bay, where for thirty
eight years Father King has labored In
the cause of Christianity, winning alike
tbc love and respect of all with whom he
had to do, irrespective of creed or other
distinctions.
OAKLAND. July 11.— Opening with
a solemn high mass to be intoned
by himself at 10:30 o'clock -to
morrow mornine, the venerable
FIREMEN SAVES
IMPERILED BOY
In the event of the death of Pope Leo
the celebration of Father king's golden
jubilee to-morrow will be postponed.
H-m-H-!"!-!-!-;-!":- : ¦:¦ r ** i :¦¦:¦ i-i-i- •
In 1SG5 Father King was asigned to the
parish of the Immaculate Conception on
this side of the bay to succeed Rev. Fath
er John Qulnn, who passed away a short
time previously. Father King's clerical
field then extended from San Pablo, in
Contra Costa County, to Mission San
Jose, in the eastern end of Alameda
County. When Father King arrived here
in 1865 he found an humble frame build
ing for a church and dwelling in course
of construction. It stood on the north
side of Seventh street, between Jefferson
and Grove, and was used for religious
worship until the present church of the
Immaculate Conception was built some
years later. The parish now Is among
the largest In Oakland. It was Father
King who established the Sacred Heart
Convent on the shores of Lake Merritt
In 186S, the Sisters being brought here from
Montreal. The Sacred Heart Convent
now has a staff of seventy-five Sisters and
ranks with the first of educational insti
tutions for young ladles in California.
ASSIGNED TO PARISH.
priest's departure for. the northern field.
After ten years of zealous work among
the early settlers and soldiers then In Ore
gon and Washington, where the young
priest endeared himself to believers and
unbelievers by his self-sacrifice and de
votion to duty and the happiness of
others, Father King was recalled to San
Francisco and appointed an assistant at
the old St. Patrick's Church, then located
where the Palace Hotel now stands.
Is vitalizing, not entirely because it is
water, but because it possesses an Invig
orating action due partly, at any rate, to
the fact that It is saturated with oxygen
and It has been stated that during its
formation peroxide of hydrogen and some
ozone are developed.
It is not improbable that the peculiarly
attractive and refreshing quality which
marks the early morning air has its origin
in this. way. Certain, it is that the brac
ing property of the early morning air
wears off as the day advances and it is
easy to conceive that this loos of fresh
ness is due to the oxygen,' ozone or per
oxide of hydrogen (whichever it may be)
being used up. The difficulty of inducing
grass to flourish under a tree In full leaf
Is well known, and it is generally explain
ed by saying that the tree absorbs tho
nourishing constituents of the soil or that
it keeps the sunlight away from the_grass
and protects It' from rain. It is doubtful
whether any of these explanatlpns are
true, the real reason most probably being
that the vitalizing dew cannot form upon
the grass under a tree, whereas as a rule
both rain and light can reach it. Dew is
probably essential to the well being of
both plant and animal to a greater extent
than is known and the beautiful expres
sion in the prayer book, "Pour upon them
the continued dew of thy blessing," may
be' remembered in this connection.—Lon
don Lancet. Kv:
Few members of the Catholic priest
hood are more widely known and respect
ed on the Pacific Coast, and In California
in particular, than 1 is the Rev. Father
Michael King. He was born in Ireland
seventy-four years ago the 9th of this
month and was ordained when 24 years
of age In his native land. He was, in
1853, assigned to the mission of Nesqually
and Oregon, being ordered there from
San Francisco, where he had labored for
a short time. Some of the pioneer Cath
olic families of San Francisco still resid
ing In that city remember the then young
After the high mass to-morrow the
clergy guests will take dinner with
Father King. Special music will be ren
dered durinir the high mass by an aug
mented choir under the direction of Pro
fessor Adolf Gregory. . • >
After the evening vesper service Father
King will be the honored guest at a re
ception and surprise to be tendered him
by his parishioners In St. Mary's Hall.
This affair is In the hands of the follow
ing committee:
J. J. McDonald, J. J. White, James
Daly, J. F. Kennedy, J: J. Kennedy, John
Lynch, James Martin, Martin Ryan, T.
P. Hodges," J. J. Cadogan, James Mc-
Ellroy, J. F. Kelly, W. P. Slattery, Pat
rick Flynn and M. J. Cincurulo.-
WILL ENJOY DINNER.
nearly half a hundred have notified him
they will be present. They are coming
from various parts of California, and If
the celebration was on a week day the
attendance of the clergy would be much
larger, as many of them are unable to
leave their own pulpits on' Sunday.
OAKLAND, July 11.— A crop of protests
have been filed ?ith the payment of the
taxes on the Increased assessments of
corporation properties by Assessor Dalton.
which it is expected will bear fruit later
on before the County Board of Equaliza
tion. With the payment of the taxes of
the Postal Telegraph Company en about
J2S.000 worth of assessable property, all
of the corporations with the exception of
the Southern Pacific have complied with
the demands, but with a protest. All of
the increases, it Is believed, will be
fought.
The Southern Pacific has. done nothing
Elnce the filing of its protest with the
County Board of Equalization In the mat
ter of the $1,050,000 increased assessment
on its bay franchises, and the matter
will be fought out before the Board of
Equalization. Assessor Dalton states
that he has some time yet in which to
act and in the meantime will get rid of
more pressing business.
Corporations Will Line Up Before
the Board of Equalization
for a Fight.
PAY INCREASED TAXES.
BUT WITH A PROTEST
AGED AND RESPECTED PASTOR OF THE CHURCH OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION OF OAKLAND,
WHO WILL TO-DAY CELEBRATE THE COMPLETION OF HALF A CENTURY IN THE SERVICE OF THE
LORD BY SPECIAL AND ELABORATE SERVICES.
OAKLAND. July 11.— Murderer Walki
rez sent a lenpthy letter to his mother
in New York to-day in which he gives
her a history of his life for the few
months prior to the murder of the aged
Elizabeth Le Roy. He expresses sorrow
at having brought disgrace on his race.
He says he still loves his consort. Anna
Ross, although he blames hTr for the
trouble he is now in, and asks his mother
to send him a photograph she has of the
woman. He says he is willing to die for
his crime, but does not want to wait.
Tells of His Crime
OAKLAND, July ll.-C. J. H«eseman.
one of the leading merchants of Oak
land, and J. C. Hanna, his bead buyer,
returned to-dav from a six weeks' trip
through the East. The two left together
and visited all of the large cities of the
East, after which Mr. Hanna visited his
old home In Michigan, and then rejoined
Mr. Heeseman in Chicago, from which
place they returned to Oakland together.
Heeseman and Hanna Return.
OAKLAND. July 11.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
Timothy Ryan. San Francisco, aged 21
years, and Julia Dempsey t Oakland, IS;
John Ginochio, 19. and Rose Rossi. 20.
both of Oakland; Frank P. Rose, over 21.
and Mary E. Davir.er, over IS, both of
Alvarado; Charles M. Staats. 2L and
Mattie M. Brunk. 21, both of Berkeley;
Henry M. S. Cook, 36, and Margaret
Thomas, 30, both o'f Oakland: Joseph
Gomes, Walnut Grove, 22, and Mary
Nunes, Oakland, 22: Julius H. Johnson,
Alameda, 2S, and Emelie Newbourn San
Francisco, 22; Robert Max. 24, and Katie
Gormer, 23. both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Mary Counihan instituted divorce pro
ceedings to-day against John Counihan,
whom she alleges has deserted her and
gone away with a woman by the name of
Delia Pierce. The plaintiff asks that she
be allowed to resume her maiden name of
Moriarty.
Rose M. Bowen was granted a decree of
divorce to-day by Judge Melvin from John
Bowen on the ground of willful deser
tion. She was also allowed to resume her
maiden name of Fletcher.
OAKLAND. July 11.— Mary Elftn began
divorce proceedings to-day against Odin
W. Elfen on the grounds of extreme cru
elty. Elfen is a stage carpenter and lives
at SCS Madison street. Mrs. Elfen al
leys that they have been married since
lPOa and that most of the time she has
been putting- up with rough treatment
from her husband.
Stage Carpenter's Wife Says That
He Has Abused Her for
Many Years.
MARY ELFEN WOULD
SEPARATE FROM HUSBAND
OAKLAND, July 11.— Two CaHfornians,
one of them an Oakland man. and their
companion *>n a boating trip en Lak*
Michigan saved three young women fron
drowning last Thursday. Charles K.
Eastman, son of J. A. Eastman of East
Oakland; Charles Garth of Petaluzna ar.4
S. E. Noo of Chicago are the names of
the rescuers. They are alt^ students of
divinity at the University of Chicago, and
on Thursday were exercising In a boat oa
the lake. Just about the time they were
returning to the shore they were at
tractd by the cries of three young ladiei
whom they had previously noted In a
rowboat. The boat had been capsized by
a whirling eddy and the girls were in Im
minent danger of drowning.
The men hurried to the rescue, but had
no sooner reached the struggling victims
than their own boat capsized, thus
throwing them Into the water, too. Being
good swimmers, however, the men retain
ed their presence of mind, and each grab
bed a girl. Fortunately they were near a
bridge, to which they swam, and then
clung to the beams that were within easy
reach until bystanders secured a rope an<I
dragged them all to safety. The glrlj
went off without giving .their names.
Three Divinity" Students Go to Res
cue of Three Youngr Women
Struggling In Water.
CALIFOBNIAUS SAVE
GULLS FROM DSOWNINO
The first Farmers' Institute of the sum
mer season will be held at Long Beach at
the end of the month, lasting from July
~ to August 1. Professor R. H. Lough
ridge will give a course in "The Chemis
try of Agriculture," Dr. Archibald Ward
a course in "Animal Diseases" and Dr.
Veranous A. Moore a course on "Microbe
Diseases."
BERKELEY/. July 11.— Joseph Hartley
'05 has accepted a position as assayer and
chemist in the Jumbo mine of the Buffalo
Hump lode in Idaho. He has had some
practical experience in assaying and was
materially assisted by his studies in col-
Vpe. He is a member of the Phi Delta
Theta fraternity.
John Galen Howard, supervising archi
tect of the university, has received an in
vitation to submit a set of pians for the
proposed new Customs-house *ln San
Francisco. The plans will be selected by
a committee representing the Govern
ment.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Quigley eays he has ascertained that
there are ten youths in the band of juven
ile highwaymen, that they mert and plan
holdups, generally of boys about their
own years, and that often when the vic
tims refuse to yield the boy bandits take
them to their lair, where, the detective
alleges, cruel acts have been performed. »
Two boys, said to be members of the
pang of juvenile robbers, were taken into
custody to-day by the police, but their
ramcd were not given to the public. Er
nest Holloway. 1? years old, who is said
to be leader of the gang, is in jail, ac
cused of holding up Ben Damerell of 953~i
Olay street and compelling him to hand
nver 10 cents and some trinkets Damerell
liad in his pockets. Fontino Domingo,
1-Tiown among his associates as "The
Dago," is also In police custody. No
charges have yet been placed against the
prisoners, who will probably be turned
over to the probation officer.
Detective William Quigley believes he
has unearthed an incubator where young
criminals are being hatched out to prey
upon mar.kind. It is located, according to
the cleuth. in a vacant house on Clay
street, which the detective claims has
been utilized as headquarters by a gang
of bey footpads and thieves.
Oakland Office San Franciseo'Call.
1118 Broadway. July 11.
OFFICERS TAKE
YOUNG SMITH
Three large canopic vases of alabaster
are especially fine. They are crowned by
carved llda representing human heads and
were used by the Egyptians to contain
the viscera from bodies that were to be
embalmed. These were put In the tombs
with the mumtnv. There are also'sev
eral mummy masks painted and decor
ated In brilliant designs, with colors that
all the ages since have scarcely dimmed.
One entire case is filled with statuettes
and small human figures, some made of
red unburnlshed terra cotta, others of
hard enameled porcelain, colored in light
green pale blue, yellow and brown and
bearing hieroglyphics. They are funeral
figures and were buried with the dead.
The Inscriptions upon them correspond to
the modern tombstone inscriptions. One
of them reads, "In the name of Psametlc,
born by Amenixites," Psametlc being the
name of a king of the twenty-sixth dy
nasty.
There Is a necklace In the collection
taken from the mummy of a daughter
of the great Pharoah. One of the rarest
specimens is a clay stele, or writing tab
let covered with hieroglyphics which rep
resent King Amosis of the twenty-sixth
dynasty making an offering to a god.
All the articles of the collection were;
gathered by Emll Brugsch Bey from
among the tombs and sarcophagi of the
old Egyptian kings, unearthed among the
ruins of Memphis. Thebes, and Saggarat.
These places are th» principal sources of
all the Egyptian archaeological antiqui
ties yet discovered.
" Doubtless the most historically impor
tant, piece in the entire collection Is a
small, rude clay model of a dwelling such
as was built durinsr the twelfth dynasty,
about 3000 B. C. It shows a cubical, two
storied house with exterior stone steps
leading to an upper chamber In which
a human figure reclines upon a mat. In
front of the building is a courtyard with
high walls of terra cotta and a fountain
In the center.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 11.—
Of the collections recently added to the
Iceland Stanford Junior Museum the most
Interesting and valuable Is a group of
Egyptian antiques that has Just been in
stalled in one of the newly erected wings |
of the building. The antiques arrived
from Egypt last week, but were shown
to the public for the first time to-day.
Many people visited the museum to view
the curious relics of a lost civilization.
The specimens formed the most Impor
tant part of the private collections of
Emil Brugsch Bey. the noted Egyptian
archaeologist, who has lately retired
from the curatorship of the famous Glzeh
Museum and is disposing of his many
collections, after a lifetime spent in
searching for them among the buried cit
ies of the Nile. Mrs. Stanford procured
the present consignment from among nu
merous bidders through a strong friend
ship which existed between the venerable
M. Bey' and young Leland Stanford while
the latter was gathering curios abroad.
The collection consists of about 330
pieces, arranged in six large cases, and
Includes some of the most remarkable
archaeological remains ever _ taken from
the Egyptian field. There are specimens
of the handicraft of men who lived 6000
years ago— handicraft that shows by its
finish and delicacy of workmanship that
even in that remote period civilization
had long ceased to be young. There are
stone images of men and gods, some won
derfully wrought in detail. There are
toys with which the little brown skinned
Egyptians amused themselves 3000 years
before Christ, miniature wooden boats,
carved, painted and manned by sailor
figures, Just as the little ship that de
lights the twentieth century lad.
There are Implements and articles of
the toilet from which some of x>ur mod
ern vain conceits might easily be traced,
small stone mortars, for Instance, in
which pigments were prepared for black
ening the eyebrows and heightening the
complexion; metal mirrors in which
young Egyptian girls gazed upon their
own beauty, beads of carmelian and the
precious lapus lazuli, silver bracelets of
the most delicate structure, wonderful
rings of soft, pliant gold that almost
crush in the hand.
Then there are many household uten
sils and warlike weapons, amulets,
shrines, vases, bowls, etc., made of baked
earth: enameled porcelain, alabaster,
marble, stone, silver and bronze, all mak
ing up an array that is like a momen
tary kaleidoscopic n'inipse back through
Roman culture and Greek art to the very
threshold of civilization, where that cul
ture and art was taking first shape; back
to the time when great cities stretched
along the Nile, when the ancient Egypt-
Ian empire had Just begun, and Menes,
the first king, yet lived fresh in the mem
ory of hl3 people.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Renton was on the oldest employes of
the company on this side of the bay. He
denies that he said anything to Flemming
or his son.
The first arrest growing out of the
strike of the linemen of the Pacific States
Telephone Company occurred ' '•" this
afternoon, when Robert Flemming, su
perintendent of the company in this city,
arrested H. D. henton and turned him
over to Policeman Gardner on a charge
of using vulgar language. Renton was
at once released on J£5 ball.
The sidewalk in front of the telephone
building on Twelfth kreet was filled with
striking linemen, who were using every
f-ffort to get the non-union linemen who
"were at work to desert the company.
When one of the non-union men would
come from the shop in the basement of
fhe building to the repair wagons at the
rurb the union men would argue with
him and try to induce him to quit his
work. The two policemen who are sta
tioned at the telephone company's office
every day did not attempt to stop this, so
long as it was carried on in an orderly
manner, but the officials of the company
resented this interference with their men.
There was a special effort made this
afternoon to get a man by the name of
Ester to leave the employ of the com
pany, and in the midst of the argument
between Ester and the union men Super
intendent Flemming arrived. He told Es
ter to go into the repair shop, which he
did, and then suddenly reaching Into the
crowd he grasped Renton and turned him
over to Policeman Gardner. For a mo
ment the crowd thought that it was for
something that Renton had done at that
moment, but Flemming explained that it
wp.s because Renton about an hour before
had shouted some insulting words
through the window at his son and him
eelf.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 1L
The only business transacted to-day
was the appointment of a committee of •
arrangements for the next annual con- ;
ference. Rev. J. Kogler of Orange. Rev.
J. H. Tietjen of Crockett and Rev. G. >
Dennlnger of San Jose were appointed.
No meeting* was held this afternoon,
the delegates taking advantage of the op
portunity to visit points of interest ia
Oakland and the Interior of the county.
A resolution was adopted yesterday tj
call new pastors to the congregations of
Cordelia, Dixon and Vacaville, and two
new men were called for the work. Rev.
Thiele for San Francisco and Rev. F.
Scholttmann for Humboldt County. Tb«|
reports yesterday showed that about
$7000 had been expended during the last
two years.
The sermon to-morrow morning will fc*
preached by Rev. J. Kogler of Orange,
who will take as his subject "The Dlvln*
Origin of the Bible." In the evening
Rev. F. Rleser of Pasadena will speak on
"Missions and Mission Work."
The election of officers, which was
scheduled for next Monday afternoon.
may be laid over until Tuesday. The con
ference will close Wednesday evening.
The use of "The Means of Grace for ths
Awakening and Strengthening of the
Faith" was the theme of the mornir?
discussion at the German Lutheran con
ference to-day. The discussion was n^t
concluded and will be resumed Monday
morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July U.
Arrests Boys Said to Belong
to Gang of Youthful
Highwaymen.
Superintendent Flemming -of
Telephone Company the
Complainant.
Election of Synod Officers
. Will Be Held During
Coming Week.
Specimens of Handicraft of
Olden Civilization Dis
played. ?
Sleuth Uncovers What
He Says Is Criminal
Incubator.
H. D. Renton Charged
With Using Vulgar
Language.
Delegates to Lutheran
Conference Report
Expenses.
Antiques Added to the
Stanford University
Collection.
DISCUSS WORK
OF MISSIONS
QUIGLEY FINDS
ROBBER'S ROOST
FIRST ARREST
OF THE STRIKE
EGYPT'S RELICS
ENRICH MUSEUM
VENERABLE PRIEST WILL INTONE
THE MASS AT HIS GOLDEN JUBILEE
Fiftieth Anniversary of the Rev. Father, Michael King's Call to ; Service of
the Church Falls Near This Sabbath, and With His Parishioners He
~ Will Commemorate Event at the Church of Immaculate Conception
THE fcfAN FKANOISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
Canada's export trade per capita is Just
two and a half times as much : aa ours. -
j SANTA ROSA. July 11.— Dr. O. L. Cool,, a
dentist of San Francisco, sustained a painful
injury this afternoon -while returning , to hla
home from Uklah.': While on a coach of. the
CalifornlavNorthwestern road his hat fell out
the windowV Jn attempting to secure It be sus
tained a fracture of the little finger of the
riabt band. -•.'"•' "' J; -
WILMINGTON, Del., July 11.— In th» Unit
ed States Circuit Court here to-day, on the ap
plication of Roland B. Conklln of New York
City and other stockholders and bondholders
of the United States Shipbuilding; Company,
Judges Gray and Bradford appointed James
Smith' Jr. of" New York ancillary receiver for
the company in the district of -Delaware.
The little fellow was alone in the house
at the time, and when he saw the kitchen
all ablaze became so paralyzed with fear
that he made no attempt to escape. When
Fireman Fraser, who was the first to
arrived at the scene, looked in the window
he saw the boy standing spellbound In
the midst of a wall of tire. The flames
had Just begun to lick his body.
Fraser saw something must be done at
once, so he dashed tnrough a blazing
doorway to the rescue. Grabbing the boy
around the body he hurriedly . shielded
him from the flames and then dashed
back to safety. It was all done in a mo
ment,'but not an instant too soon, for a
crash of falling timbers followed imme
diately. ' \ -.'.U-' : :
The house was totally wrecked before
the fire department got through with it
38
A first-class opening
for a Cents' Furnish-
ing Goods and Hat
Man to go into busi-
ness. New modern
store; best location
in town. Apply in
writing, stating refer-
ences. Address Box
3996, Call Office,
Oakland.
8adway*s
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cans**
E €rf .'wL. dU:M V o J! > C0In Pl*t« at»orptton »ad
healthful regularity. .
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomacff
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder Temala «L<
wmlartU*.. Sick H»«d*'ch*. BlIiousn'Ti i Con
•tlpation. PUe, .nd «u dera W minW or uU
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At druzrista w
Notice to Subscribers!
¦ — T— — ; ; H
We take pleasure in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through* local carriers.
Give address to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt .service! will beA German scientist who has spent eight
years in Patagonia says- that Patagonlans
will soon be extinct.
The undersigned have bought of the
Boston, 773 Market street, near Fourth,
the entire stock of clothing, hats and fur
nishing goods for less than manufactur
er's cost. The public. will now have an
opportunity to buy first-class clothing at
55 cents on the dollar. .Come and be con
vinced of the genuineness of this sale.
Every garment in the store must be sold
before the 15th of August. You can get
what you ask for. Convincing Is * proof;
do not fail to see prices- In our windows.
B. Riley & Co. •
An Important Announcement.
With an impatient grunt the bookkeep
er threw away his pen and put a new one
In the holder. "It's terrible," he nald.
"how ink corrodes pens. In six or seven
hours a new p^n will begin to scratch. It
keeps me busy changing them. There's
money In it for the man who will Invent
a non-corrosive ink." An old man— a bill
collector— remarked to him: "My young
friend, take a few rusty Iron nails and
put them in your Ink welL The Ink's
corrosive acid will play Itself out on the
nails,, and in consequence your pen will
escape. A pen that only lasts you a day
now should, with my method, last at
least a we«k."-Phlladelphia Record.
Cure for Corroding Pens.
"'I mean no offense. Your manor Is one
of the most noble, splendid things. I ever
eaw in my life, and I have traveled
ab»»t cr.fi seen everything worth seeing.
You have the finest Rubens that can be
seen. That should have a great attrac
tion for mo under other circumstances,
but now th*-y have been of no use- I am
your lordship's roost obedient servant,
"ARROM DE AYALA."
—London Express.
"My Lord— I humfcjy ask your lordship's
pardon and forgiveness for the great llb
erty I have taken in coming to put aa
end to my dreary and miserable existence
In your park. It may be a childish feel
lr.£. bat one cannot blow his brains out
on a common road or on one of those cul
tivate fields full of cottages and life and
civilization and railways and establish
ments of all kinds of which your blessed
(x'ur.try of Kng!and abounds.
The most perfect example of Spanish
politeness was a letter left for the Duke
of Marlborough by Dom Arrom de Ayala,
a Spanish Consul, who committed suicide
in Blenheim Park on April 14, l£3:
Spanish Politeness.
Bokayeff is the bridegroom's name and
Neshkho that of the girl of sweet sixteen
who had the misfortune to find favor in
his eyes. His pockets being empty, he
persuaded three comrades to kidnap the
maid, whom he then took off to another
village as his wife. But her father, on
discovering her whereabouts, had her sent
back by the police, and then demanded
£30 for the loss of her services, as we
should say. Bokayeff, to whom the de
mand was made, would not or could not
pay. The girl's father thereupon claimed
that sum from the bridegroom's com
panions, who are equally liable. They ad
mitted the justice of his claim and called
upon Bokayeff- to hand over the sum to
them. On his refusal they shot him dead,
that being the custom of the country, al
though daggers are also allowed to take
the place of bullets. The three youths
were forthwith arrested and will, of
course t be tried and deported in due
courije^But that, far from being the end
of'the matter, is only the very beginning.
The kindred of the slain man are now
preparing to "wipe out" the relatives of
the murderers, while the family of the
dishonored girl is bound by the custom of
the country to wash away the stain on
her reputation in the blood of the clans
of both the murdered man and his mur
derers. And Russian law Is powerless to
Intervene.— London Dally Telegraph.
In the Northern Caucasus nearly half
the death rate of the inhabitants is
caused by vendetta, and at least three
fourths of the vendetta cases are the re
sult of a curious marriage custom which
is now decimating the population. The
native of those parts who wishes to take
unto himself a wife cannot arrange the
matter in the Elmple offhand manner in
vogue in western Europe by "popping the
question." He must go home, sell his be
longings, and buy .her fairly and squarely
of her parents, the price ranging from
£35 to £200. This Is a costly custom in
many ways* for It Is not every young
man who can afford to Invest such a
large sum in a wife, however accom
plished. What generally happens in such
cases is that the. indigent candidate for
the order of Benedick induces a few stal
wart comrades to seize the maiden and
carry her off. "What too often follows
then may be gathered from a case in
point which has just taken place In Sos
slambek.
GETTING MABBIED
UNDER DIFFICULTIES
It is said that a shrewd firm In Paris
made a small fortune by seHliS what
E3 r | ed ,£° be , b ones from dead bodies
&nn d S £ he "i! 118 ot Ma «lnique. Those
pm°s n t e erof h^r e Is be€n '° Und "> con^' of
Strauss & Krohmann want to make this sale
rtin th - at^ Wl ", '?Sf *• rememb *«d in sin Fr^n
?i^?.,?,? P° nted "M a model and standard
tor future sales, so they mean to give bargains,
big bargains, in every department of their busN
«nff« V, Ca H y ' made earment3 . shirts. Jackets,
suits, underwear, woolens, hosiery gloves
household linens, sheets, pillow" ¦?«. 'ffi
cloth, napkins, etc., will all be offered at sale
Prices, and they will be the cheapest^ale prl^e"
ever seen In San Francisco. You have now
an opportunity to buy everything r you^need In
n h e?e e rnLTe S ai°.k neXt SUCh " >'° u .™"
• Wireless telegraphy could not spread the good
news that Strauss & Frohmann's annual sale
Is here again any quicker than It is going 'to
spread as soon as the ladles read and hear about
It. The ladles of San Francisco are good to each
other — always exchange shopping- secrets — that
Is what makes Strauss & Frohmann's annual
remnant eale so popular; the ladles tell each
other about the blK bargains they get. -
And the cause ie not hard to find. Strauea
& Frohmann have their remnant sale every
year, and it's famous by this time. As eocn
as your shrewd shopper hears that Strauss &
Frohmann's annual is around again, oft she Is
*". a Jump" to Straus & Frohmann'a store.
wnen she buys remnants there she is not get
ting old. stale trash, but the season's latest
stylfs and effects, else they wouldn't be rem
nants at Strauss & Frohmann's. People liked
them so much that they bought them all down
to a few yards on each piece. Strauss & Froh
mann do such big business and have bo many
pieces left over that they can't keep them on
the shelves— they need the room for fall good*
—so they will be sold for almost nothing.
Dress goods, silks, ribbons— every remnant
goes in the sale.
"Wireless Telegraphy.
The director of the Sheffield Scientific
School, Professor Russell H. Chittenden,
throws a little new light on. an old ques
tion in the Popular Science Monthly for
June. He mentions a discrepancy which
he has observed between fact and theory
regarding the amount of food a man
should take. Volt of Munich and Atwa
ter of Middletown. Conn., for instance,
have set up certain standards, which are
fairly close together. A person doing
"moderate work," say these experts,
should take from US to 125 grams of pro
telds and enough fats and sugars to raise
the total fuel value of his rations to be
tween 3000 and 3500 "large calories." For
"heavy work" they recommend a diet
yielding from 3370 to 4500 calories daily.
Careful experiments with a laboratory as
sistant at Yale showed that forty-five
grams of proteids, with'fat and sugars
sufficient to develop only 1600 calories,
would keep him In splendid condition. He
maintained his weight perfectly, and met
physical tests in the Yale gymnasium in a
surprising fashion. The comparison sug
gests the possibility that the, food allow
ances of Volt and Atwater are wasteful
in a pecuniary sense, and hamper the
system* by involving unnecessary work In
digestion and elimination.
Probably no fact in everyday life is bet
ter established than that the majority of
people eat too much. Medical men are
continually declaring that far more harm
comes from dietary excesses and careless
ness than from starvation. A large va
riety and amount of sickness result from
that cause. Moreover, even when he Is in
apparent health, a man's activity is ofien
sensibly Impaired for two or three hours
by a hearty meal. Professional men in
particular are thus affected. Efficiency is
influenced by other factors. Exercise,
ventilation and sleep, or the lack of them,
tell on one's capacity. Nutrition depsnds
on the way in which one eats as well as
on what he eats. Again, taste or some
social obligation, rather than a recognized
need of nourishment, will often dictate
the character of even an ordinarily ab
stemious man's repast. If he wants to get!
the largest amount of work and the besc
quality of work out of himself, however,
he is almost sure to cultivate 'moderation
at the table, at least until tho conclusion
of his day's labor.
Whether the example cited by Profes
sor Chittenden should be accepted as a
standard is another question. Possibly
the requirements of that individual are
exceptionally small. No one man's ex
perience can be safely taken as a rule for
others. Two persons of the same weight
and performing precisely the same duties
and eating their food with equal delibera
tion may differ sufficiently In other ways
to demand dissimilarity In the amounts
they consume. One may have a good di
gestion and the other a poor one. If, on
the other hand, there is a difference In
the character, amount and ( hours of their
work, a still greater disparity In their
needs might be expected. Professor Chit
tenden does not himself consider the ques
tion settled. He wants it to be studied
further. It is to be wished that a series
of tests might be devised in which the
conditions would be altered so as to rep
resent a variety of types. Occupation,
sex, age, general health, leisure hour
pursuits and other circumstances ought .to
be taken into account. A sliding scale
would probably be the outcome of the
research. Instructive as such a result
would be, it might be necessary, even
then, for some people to act a little inde
pendently. It would hardly be correct to
say that every one is capable of working
this problem out for himself; but, since
no two persons are exactly alike, it would
occasionally be judicious to rely largely
on observation of one's own needs.— New
York Tribune. .* :; ;C\~ -.-;. . .
Evidence That We Give Our Bodies
More Food Than Is
Needed. .
IS IT A FACT THAT
PEOPLE EAT TOO MITCH/
Total $20,645,233 J43.8S3.814
The assessment of the various banks In the city has more than doubled Blnco .
1398. In 189S the assessment on the banks amounted to $9,614,356, white the present
year's assessment totals -$22,816,229. In this year's assessment is Included that of
the national banks, which were not assessed In 1S9S. but which have been as
sessed this year by act of the Legislature.
The assessment on all the banks for 1S9S and 1903 is as follows:
.- 1S9S. 1903.
Anglo-Californlan Bank $575,709 'HaI422
Bank of California 2,548.397 3,593,827
Canadian Bank of Commerce . 2S3,9S»5 330..02
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company 60.9W
Columbian Banking Company * MIS 63,500
Comptoir National d'Escompte S - M < lD,b77
Donohoe-Keliy Banking Company 164 .230 22o,423
« Hongkong and Shanghai Agency 2.500 4.500
* London and San Francisco Limited « 2041 li iBS'IrS
London. Paris and American.. 340.567 6^«^
Union Trust Company '.. ;... 4..i9>) i' 6 'ii 6
Wells. Fargo & Co 423,143 1.030.o80
Swiss-American Bank ".630
Yokohama Specie Bank.... 5,377 21,247
City and County Bank 100,14o
French-American 24,703
Mercantile Trust Company 367.000
International Bank Corporation * 42,000
Columbus Savings and Loan....". 9.297 43.294
German Savings and Loan..... 1.383,059 1.6J9.120
French Savings Bank 33.871 42.935
Hibernla Savingrs and Loan 4 972,525 2,811.454
Humboldt. Savings and Loan 58.114 61.749:
Mutual Savings Bank. 195.965 430.963
San Francisco Savings Union S37.547 2.364,871
Savings and Loan Society.. 733.155. 1,062.592
Security Savings Bank 31S.870 560.720
Italian-American Bank 72,666
Daniel Meyer, banker 166,026 1,000.000
A. Borel. banker... 141.S50 272,323
Nevada- National Bank stock 700.S00
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank stock 1,620,000
First National Bank stock 810,000
Germania National Bank stock .: 65,160
Totals r $9,614,356 $22,816,229
To make any campaign entirely effec
tive, all breeding places must be dealt
with; and for this purpose there Is no
more effective destructive agency than
kerosene oil of a low grade. Though the
mosquito larva is strictly aquatic, it de
pends upon getting its air supply from
above the surface through a short tube
at It* anal extremity. If the surface Is
coated with kerosene, access to the air
Is barred, exceot at the cost of a dose
of oil, and there Is for the unfortunate
wriggler only a choice of deaths; It
either stifles for lack of air or It is poi
soned bv the kerosene which gets into
Its breathing system. The method is a
good one, and absolutely effective; but
the oil Is offensive, and the applications
must be repeated at short Intervals. A
better method, therefore, is to destroy the
breeding places altogether, so as to get
a permanent result. A little grading and
filling here and there, to get rid of de
pressions that fill vwth the rains, a ditch
or two to drain a low plaee, and local
exemption may often be gained. Water
barrels and imperfectly closed cisterns
majy be kept quite safe by placing in
them a few little fish of almost any spe
cies; gold fish will do. or the little min
nows that may be found in almost every
stream or pond throughout the country.
—Harper's Weekly.
In the Eastern United State3 there is
only one species— the salt marsh mos
quito—of which it is positively known
that It travels great distances. Any
point between twenty and forty miles
from a marshy coast is liable to inva
sion by this species, though at the lat
ter distance their occurrence is only oc
casional and their stay usually short. In
the highlands at point3 away from the
coast, and even In cities, towns and vil
lages near the shore, the presence of any
considerable number of mosquitoes con
tinuing steadily through the season indi
cates the existence of some local breed
ing place; and such breeding places may
occur even In our very houses.
A forgotten bucket of water in the
cellar or Just outside will serve to de
velop hundreds; a rain barrel Is good for
thousands per week unless securely cov
ered, and any vessel, even a tin can, m
which water remains continuously for
more than a week may serve as a source
of supply. It must be realized that no
pool Is too insignificant to be utilized by
a female mosquito who has a batch of
eggs to be olaced.
TO FIGHT THE PEST.
We have thus narrowed the problem
materially, and ran say that. In general,
mosquitoes either breed close to the
places where they occur In numbers, or
that they corr.e in like a thief in the night
from shore points.
THE SAXTMARSH MOSQUITO.
We may *ay with certainty that no
mosquito thus -far known can devolop
without water enough' to breed In: but
we cannot eay that In all waters mosqui
toes will thrive. In fact, we are now
learning that there are many swamp
areas, once supposed to be prolific pro
ducers of the insects, in which practically
none at all develops. We have also
learned that the ugly looking pools and
ponds covered with green duckweed are
always "safe," because no larva can ex
ist where it cannot freely come to the
surface; and we know that the great
area? covered by "cat-tails" are also
harmless from the mosquito standpoint,
though the reasons for this are not yet
clear.
There is a difference in mosquitoes, as
there is in men, concerning the places in
which they like best to live. A feware
really domestic, in the sense that they live
by preference with man and about his
habitations; but many are strictly sylvan
and do not molest him unless he runs de
liberately Into their way. A very few
have never been known to bite under any
provocation, while others need no urging
whatever and appear to be literally blood
thirsty. Most of them are home bodies,
straying little or not at all from the im
mefllate surroundings of the point where
they first reached the adult stage, while
others travel many miles and supply re
gions where none are native. This argues
quite a variety of mosquitoes, and, as a
matter of fact, it is a poor locality that
cannot turn out twenty or more species
of the pest. It is the failure to realize
this point— the tendency to consider that
all mosquitoes are alike and equally pes
tiferous — that is responsible for unsatis
factory results among mosquito crusades.
What benefit can be expected from
local work when the dominant mosquito
breeds twenty or more miles away, and
what good does It do to oil ponds and
streams unless we know that mosquitoes
breed in them?
B3EZD IN STAGNANT WATER.
Danger in Stagnant Water,
Petroleum and Other
Methods.
Insects' Breeding Places
Should First Be
Destroyed.
Property and Franchises Greatly Increased Since
Vl 1898 and the Worth of the Banks in the City
More Than Doubles During the Same Period
THE assessment roll recently presented by Assessor Dodgre to the Board
o'f Supervisors discloses some Interesting figures as to the value of per
sonal property, real estate and franchises upon which quasi-public cor
porations and banks must pay taxes,
As compared with the assessments for 185S the figures for 1903 show
a marked Increase. In the followlne table showlne the assessment of quasl
public corporations the figures include the estimated value of franchises. The
value of" the franchises- is estimated according to the market value of the stock
of the corporation. The decrease of the assessment of the San Francisco Gas
and Klectric Compuny is due to the decline of the value of the corporation's
franchise, based on falling stock, caused by the competition of other companies
and decreased earnings. The franchise of this company was reduced in esti
mated value from $2,065,442 in 1898 to 1250,000 in 1903.
The total assessment of the quasi-public corporations is as follows:
189S. 1903.
Market Street and United Railroads $S> SH- |2 T 1 2« > 5??
California-street Cable Railway 1 '??1*«2
Presidio and Ferries Railroad 69>1 2^ ¥£«H
Geary Street, Park and Ocean Railroad 312.120 1B 11|'2S
Spring Valley Water Works 4>ol 2'2 4 2
Pacific Gas Improvement Company i' 130 ,- 2 ** HI'I'SS
• San Francisco Gas and Electric Company 4,312,310 *' SJcii
Equitable Gas Company... ••••• .S'SJi
Mutual Electric Light Company HZ'XS.
Central Light and Power Company 25,000 JS'tZn
Independent Electric Light and Power Company v\n'iv>>
Independent Gas and Power Company «^2"?^-a
Pacific States Telegraph and Telephone Company 1.332.o20 3,167,loO
MOSQUITOES VARY
IN PREFERENCES
ASSESSOR'S BOOKS SHOW VALUE
OF QUASI-PUBLIC CORPORATIONS
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY ,12, 1903.
39
AMUSEMENTS. '
fCOTD^ THEATEB.
WLII 1 HAL Btlmo I Ua;tr
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME OF
JAMESJJORRIQAN
KlbNAPED
MONDAY NIGHT.
Last Week of the Favorite Comedian.
JAMES CORRIQAN
In the Funniest of All Farce-Comedies, j
MUlDOQN'sl
[PICNIC]"""^
The Noted Character Comedians
CONLAN and RYDER
Specially Engaged for This Big Festival of
Fun. Song?. Medleys. Dances
In Every Act.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
« M £? D 'iT' /ra-Y 20-Orenlng of the new
ft. .F in } aPWarance at this theater of
d T S i 6 ! Ul8hed actor. MR. HERSCHEL
d^UoV^f "PAUSTr"" 01 «P««acular pro-
UULUIfml A LEMSiXa IHLWi
g e n g e ,n^ TO-MORROW NI6HT
MATINEES I
1 „ WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY,, [
AMELIA
BINGtlAM
And HER COMPANY
Presenting Haddon Chambers' Powerful Play,
A MODERN l«»t Time Here.
MAGDALEN : "°^1
Week -July 20,
Amelia. Blngham in
"THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON."
CAUPORNiX
America's Greatest Tragedienne.
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
FAREWELL WEEK.
TO-NIGHT.
"THE JEWESS."
To-morrow Night, Tuesday and Wednesday
Nights and Saturday Matin**.
ROMEO AND JULIET.
Thursday Night — "ELIZABETH."
Friday. Saturday and Sunday Nights
"MACBETH." ;. sat*—
Next— NEILL-MOROSCO COMPANY.
High-Glass Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
HANLON*S PANTOMIME COMPANY- V\N
FOSSEN AND McCAULEY: MARION
GEORGE: GEORGE W. MOORE; BROTH-
ERS LUTZ; WALDRON BROTHERS AND
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
VISIT THE
BOHEMIAN GLASS BLOWING EXHIBITION.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c —
Palace I DON ' T fAIL T0
1 ttlUVy see the beautiful
¦iiV v - " : COURT LounKinR-
/Hifl room, the EMPIRE
QUU PARLOR. the
r * PALM ROOM, the
(in. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR and iht u^
U ¦'. i DIES* WRITING
liotels r °°^
A MTTRTTM-rTrrg j
0 #
a Week Commencing THIS AFTER- a
q NOON. July 12. J
| VAUDEVILLE DE LUXE! |
© -~» ©
Direct from aa Eisht Months' Season (ft
3 at th* Eden Muaee. New Tork. q
1 DEKOLTA 3
2 Th« Wizard, in His Mysterious Prob- J
w lems and Magical Illusions. "
| BAILEY AND MADISON |
A Grotes<rue Eccentrics. **W HAT /%
¥ WON'T THET DO NEXT?" 7?
JJ •• »••••«¦¦ »»»»»»» » « • » Jj
S Hodges and Launchraeer i
A The American NighUngaies. O
o — - ©
0 Last Week and Tremendous Hit of 0
| . CHARLES DICKSON •
? And His Company, Presenting a New 5
• Miniature Comedy. "HEART ~
© TO HEART TALKS." •
• • ••>••••• «>••»•• • • • — O
% Mosher, Boughton & Mosher 2
• Expert -and Comedy Bicyclists. O
I Y0UN6 AND DE VOIE* |
2 la Their Great Specialty. "DANCINO S
© BT BOOK." 2
W ••••»>•»•• »»¦»»>« «¦«» W
• Retained One Extra Week, by UnlTtr- •
W sal Request, O
1 JULIAN ROSE |
9 "Our Hebrew Friend." J
I ** THE BI06RAPfl~* I
© Showing the Latest Motion Pictures. #
• » » ¦»»•»•»« *•••••• » » « » 0
0 Last Week of America's Greatest £
q Soprano, a
S MABEL McKINLEY 2
5 FaTorlte Niece of the late President
© McKInley. OSCAR LUCK- •
9 STONE at the Piano. ft
OParqaet. any seat, 25c; Balcony. JT
10c; Children, any part except re- J
• served. 10c. A few front Orchestra W
0 rows, reserved. SOc; front rows of 0
Balcony, reserved. 25c.
©oo©o©©©©e©©©©©©©©©©©©
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
JAS. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, July 12, 1903
GRAND REOPENING
OF AMERICA'S MOST
FAMOUS
COURSING_ FIELD
Sixty-Four Stake Winners in
Champion Open Event.
$1000TotalPrizeMoney$1000
TRAIN SERVICE:
SPECIAL TRAINS will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 10:15 a. m. and 1 p. in..
Twenty- fifth and Valencia streets five minutes
later. Returning immediately after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars direct to th«
park entrance every four minutes during ta»
day.
ADMISSION 23c LADIE3 FRES
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers Ieavs San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For KetchUcaa. Janesu.
Elcagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a,
ra.. July 10. 15. SO. 23. 30.
August 4. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Sea,ttl«.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, 'Wnatcom — 11
a. ra., July 10, 13, 20. 23. 30. August 4. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
p. m., July 9. 13. 21. 27. August 2: Corona,
1:30 p. m.. July 12, IS. 24. 30, August 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — 3anta
Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
1 Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, Jti, £4. August 1.
; For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
i Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Bo-
I salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a, m. 7th ot eaca
; month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail'*
ing dates. >
TTCKTT O ir TTCT" { *— ¦ * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street mi
Broadway wharf.
Freight Ofnce. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11. 21.
31. "George "W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. Aug.
6. 19. 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
! OR., and short rail -Una from Portland to a'.t
' points East. Through tickets to all poltjts. all
rat* or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
i RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and.
meals Steamer satl» foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m S F BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt. FrU
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. -- ' . ¦¦¦ ,
TOYO RISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an*
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for'TOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO. calling at Kobe (Hiogol.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No>
canto received on board on day of sailing.
S S NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31. 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2rt. IOCS
S S HONGKONO MARU (Calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 1!». 1003
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
eceaaic5.5,co, s^t^s
S3 «ONOMA for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 18, 2 p. m.
qg ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23. 11 a. m.
ssl MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 13. 11 a. m.
4J.SMCKU i BUie8^1gtt.TktsteflJB,S43 lirt.12
fftUSt!!flc».323 IvtatSLfhrli. I.htfz ll
C0X7AG3I3 QXirXKAU TBAS&&TLASTIQ?]
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR13.
Sailing every Thursday, instead o: .-*££&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.
North Klvtr. toot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. «.O and upward. Sec-
nrd-class to Havre. |<5 and upward. CSX.
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
rANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudscn building).
New Tor*. J- F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paeinc Coast
a rents ft Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* nold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
liar* Island and Vall«]a Stsaaisrsi
Steam*r GEN. FRISBIE or MCNTICELLO
— U:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 3:30 p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 0:43 a. m.. 8:3O p. m. Leaves VaUejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:13 p- m. Fare. W cents. Tel-.
Vain 1303. Pier 2. Hlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
AMUETnVTENTS.
TryousssB..
TO-NIOHT and WEEK of JTJLT 13.
Great revival of the ever popular
The last chance to see
EDWIN STEVENS
As the REGENT OF SIAM and
FERRIS HARTMAN
As th© Keeper of the ROYAL ELEPHANT.
CATCHT MUSIC. FUNNT DIALOGUE.
BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES AND
PRETTT GIRLS.
Th» next big attraction, opening July 20. will
bo Smith and DeKoven'a Great Comic Opera,
Thp
Highwayman
Camille D'Arvillc
EDWIN STEVENS and the Tivoll Company
in the cast.
POPULAR PRICES PREVAIL— 23c. BOo, 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Quite, quite the show cf the season
Was ray. bright "Twlrly Whirl-lee."
Don't skip it, there's really no reason.
It's the last night to miss it, don't you «e«?
To-morrow another'U delight us.
Two great burlesques combined into one.
Brimful of laughter, songs and dances.
Three hour* of rattling good fun.
"Under the Reri Globe"!
AND
"The Three Musketeers"!
Two Great Burlesques Combined Into One.
Entire New and Magnificent Scenery.
The Handsomest Costumes Ever Seen.
More Original Novelties Than In "Twlrljr
Whlrly."
All the Latest Songs and Music
And the Usual Surprises.
The "AH Star" Cast— KOLB and DILL and
BERNARD. MAUDE AMBER. WINFIELD
BLAKE HARRT HERMSEN, Etc.. Etc.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c, SOc and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
SOc; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
GRANP8S8&
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAT.
- - LAST. WEEK - -
RAYMOND AND CAVEELT
And Our Superb New Tork Co. in
| IN CENTRAL PARK |
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
First Time in This City of the Famous Musical
Eccentricity,
[ IN WALL STREET I
Secure Tour Seats Now.. 25c, 50e., 75c.
4T PA7A 13 BelMCO & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E.D! 0 £,ce.
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— LAST, TIME OF
BROTHER OFFICERS
"What a sound,- sweet, wholesome play." —
Argonaut. - • •
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
And a Great Alcazar Cast in
A SUPERB PRODUCTION OF s
The'Btst of All Romantic Plays,
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evg.,25c to 75c; Mat.Thurs. and Sat., 15c to 5Oc.
MONDAT, July 20, Hall Caine's Great Play.
THE MANX/WAN
Its Great Production in Stock.
D r> TT C U 17 C FOR BARBERS, BA-
KK U OXliZiD kers - bootblacks, bath-
* g ' xl 'M*' houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA3TAH BROS.,
Bruab Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
ADVEBTISEJgElJTS.
k^b^S^B 19 isssu P rLm rf m 09K
TOR THIS EMTIRE WEEK
SUGAR, best cane, 25 lbs., Sf.00
COFFEE, best Mocha and
Java, 2 lbs 70
TEA, best 10 flavors, 1 lb.. 60
BUTTER, best made, 1 sq.. ."45
SOAP, best laundry, 5 cakes .25
#5.50 worth for $3.00
Butter, Choice Creamery sq. 35c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO., inc
JOHN ROBINbON. President
3J3 OTarrcll St., Near Mason
Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone Folsoni 316
No Liquors Prompt Delivery
AMTJSEMEires. ~
Seventh and Market Sts. *"
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The ??hree Kuhns; Kraflt and Daley;
Harry and George La Kola; Georga
W. Moore; George Clifton; Loa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night, 25c. 20c. 10c, 10c: Matlneea.
20c and 10c. .
Phone for Seats — South 1022.
FALL^BASfiLE
(FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION);
TUESDAY. JtJLY 14, 1903,
DAT AND' ..NIGHT
AT THE_CHUTES.
LITER ART EXERCISES ". . CONCERT
FIREWORKS (MODERN) at Op. m. •
GRAND BALL EVENING.
ADMISSIONS. Children 10c.
Literary Exercises Afternoon. Begin at 1:30.
En«;Ush Orattoa Iw Stephea V. CosteZJo.
VON MEYERINCK *£$* \
S4i rate* *.. e»» ' °* L !
MME.1nHA : V0K MEYERINCK,
a*ff<& ! aa?a!5a^ I
SL/!rfE«**rn and European Conservn- |
ITiVr J-Zrc* "t a carefully elected staff
Sr^&i-n't Wse». Frespectu. .eat on
>rr!!i'3'.i "". .^___^—^-^^^^^-_
ac ai t-ct.r.r't bockkP*p:ns; only expert te-
mostaBta sr.i reporter* as teacher*; Greffg
ehnrthard e*f'.e*U fa»te« and most readable.
Day kV.i ereob* Send for catalogue to Col-
Jejri :;."6 Market «t.
. POLYTECHNIC
fjL Buslseaa Collect and
/T\: School of Enjineer-
tf*C5-t**-<"i Jr -*. Oakland. Cal.
J Larite*t ar.d b*»t
JC?£]lr^5' Ufc^SJEEa Kjnipped echocl of
5*^?iv2*iil • SSSE* t>us!:ie«i. ehorthar.d
fc fjJA=5*-£E*3^V and •r.*r:r,»»r;r.ic » -»t
'^Tt>* ?VJfl'flTw.i cr C^'.caro. Perfect
*nr?eZ+2$*l£Fttv*X*i- cMrr.at*. »xr*n • • ¦
IOO-p*j?e catalog-ue.
MILLS COLLECE A\D SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the unirenrt-
'.'->¦ and lea^ins Eatteni coilefec; rare oppor-
tunliles effered In tr.u*lc. art and elocution.
Thlrty-^ljtetB year. Fall terra opens August
12. 1!>C3. Write for catalocue to MRS. C. T.
MILLS. Pre«. Mills College H O.. Cal.
i , .
H/AA\LIIV SCHOOL
A5D VAZT XTCSS SmSXXAXY,
1M9 Jarkscr. ft.. S. F. Boardirc and day
•eh'v-1 for rirlF. Acrredlted by the leading
BoDega era universities. Special attention j
clven tr> nrjsic. Reopens Aujrust 10, lWJ. •
PARAII D. HAMLIN, Prlneiral.
THE LYCEUM
Ar. accredited prt-paratery school for the uni-
versity, law ar.d medical college*, ts well
known for Its careful uni thorough work- Come
end be with Uf; we rrerare you well: refer-
ences. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor. Phelan building.
L. H. GRAf, Ph. P.. Principal.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATIOM,
TARTINGTON-g. 424 TINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New 1>rm BeKins MONDAY. Aug. 3.
PAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Menlo Park. California. Prepares
for acy university cr for business. Send for
illustrated catalogue, IRA G. HOITT. Ph.D..
Principal. Fa'.', term cpen» August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL.
FOR BOYS, BELMONT. CAL.,
Opens for new pupils August 10; tor former pa-
f.'.t August 12. Catalogue and bock of views
en Explication.
w. T. RfclD. A. M. marartl). Head Master.
Miss West's School for Girls,
202 « VAN NESS AVENUE.
Or»ns A-jr--t IS. Home and day school. Ac-
credited ty leading cclleges. 7"or catalogue ad.
•-.- — - MART B. WEST. PrlccipaL
BOOSE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
EERKEL5Y, CAL.,
Reopens Monday, Angnst 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
BAN MATEO.
Accr^filfd to Stanford, reopens AUkUst 2eth
in ctw bu:lS:r.gs en Monte Diablo ave. Modern
irr.proverr.er:!*. For further Information or cir-
cular* afifitCM <MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAW RArAEL, C*T«.
Separate building for Uttle boys. Xrr.ai term
will begin en Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAT SCHOOL FOR
voucf ladles a^d UtUe f iris, 2126 California
*t . miiX recpen Auruet 3. IA03. Accredited to
the Ur.iven-.tles. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M . PnaclpaL
1&}*J^ TI ?- IK \. ¦' era SdiooL 500 po-
I IV CCv sitlons in past year.
l3y->i I^ i^2V^€0-page catalogue.
* TfOllCAv 305 ZJIBKZH BT,
\mS ~~~^ San Francisca
COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
6AN JOSE. Q.KL..
Fifty-second year. Confers degrees, grants
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
servatory course. Intermediate and primary
CepartEients tor ycur.ger children. Studies r*-
«us:ed AugUFt 4. 19-03.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVINGTON CAL.
A high-grade Military School for a limited
RumbeT of boys cf good character. Next term
b^rtnr August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
THE JEN NE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Etage and platform position* guaranteed;
languages: diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Butter
•t. Phone West 11<3. Reopens September 2.
fcAN FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE.
Three-year graded course confirming with
rules adopted by Association of College Facul-
ties cf North America. Regular version com-
:r.ence« June 13; ends December 1. Writ* lor
ratalrrue and Information. "DffARD J.
CP.KET.T. D.V.6. I>an. S10 Gulden Oaf ave.
ADVERTISEMENT^
Means a good deal. That is to say, a $27.50 suit
for $15.00 is a rare sight when the offer is made
! by a reliable house. Yet this is what awaits our
I customers Monday morning, in the way of July
Voile and Etamine Suits
$27.50 for $15.00
These suits are made in the latest Xew York styles, and ars
richly trimnled In the popular shades of tan. navy blue, white.
cream and black. They were considered excellent value at 927.60.
"We have also a limited number of $20.00 values at 513.50
Our line of black broadcloth and high, noyelty volts in newest
< fancy mixtures and plain colors, all with extra quality silk drop
skirts, the very latest summer styles, is the most complete in the
city. These are now selling: in other stores at $40, but our price
during July is.. $27.50
We have only a limited number of the suits. They are made in
the very latest styles and the prices are sufficiently sensational to
cause a bis run on them.
A Few Other Bargains in Fashionable Styles
Corset Coats
In Covert cloth, fine Melton. Novelty Silk Coats, handsome-
light Kersey and Broadcloth. ly trimmed and lined. Full J15.
They are lined in fancy Taffeta $20 and $25 values for
or heavy Satin throughout and 310.00, 312-50 and $15.00
are perfect fitting:. The tailor- Silk Skirts, trimmed, for
Ing Is faultless. Here are the . .^S.OO, 57.50, $10.00 and 812.50
prices.. $8.50, 910.00, $13.50 and Etamine Skirts, trimmed
: $15.00 $3.50, 35.00, $3.50, $7.50 and $10
i1230-I232-*234- MARKET, NSJflNEJ^AT BYRON SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—J. Rlcard, J. E, Meyerstein, H. A.
Clarke, A. L. Peyser. Archie Muscat. XV. T.
Mahoney. Mrs. Joseph Newman. L. Dresner,
J.' O. Burton, J.L. Cahlll, H. Rostenberg, - J.
H. Klngman. Joseph May. H. Ramsdell,» Col
onel F. M. Coxe. ' Dr. George M. Terrill, Mrs.
J. Baggs, Miss Anna* Baggs.: John Sloan, W.
.K.' Quick. Louis Roesch andfcaon. Miss A. K.'
Buck, J; W. Tuttle.' A. Herqee.- A. M.i Leven
saler. William Marlow. Mrs., Charlotte Robin
son, E. B. Robinson, Walter H. Robinson. W.
Chester Keogh. Fred W. Crassett. S.'-N. Wood,
Eugene A. Beauce, J. W. Keystone, Miss Ran-
AT HOBERG'S RESORT: From San Fran
cisco—J. A. Sorensen and wife. Leslie Soren
sen. Thyra Sorensen. XV. C Morken and wife,
Mls» E. II. McMlllen. Miss May Mathews. Miss
Jennie McMlllen. Miss Anna Kraft. Ed .Stef
fln* and wife. H. Rain, Miss Ora Iversen. J.
Dlckcn, Mrs. S. J. Wlllson, "Mrs. Haacke. Miss
Margaret Howard, Miss May Howard. Edward
Kollofrath and wife, Miss E. Kollofrath. Mlsa
M. Kollof rath. . Mr. and Mrs .J.' C. Bride,- W.
H. - Pohlmann, H. Kroger, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Slcm«, MUs A. Stems. Mr. and Mrs.*H." Muller
and family, Mrs. J. Buck and son. H. Schuldt
and .wife, Claus Tiedemann and wife. Mrs. M.
Wlllrlch. Mrs. G. Klenk. Paul Klenk, Henry
Klenk. Harry' Mentz. Fritz Llebold, C. J.
Traulsen. I From Oakland — B. McGlnnls. From
Bulsun— MIbs May Sweeney. William Sweeney.
From Frultvale— George Dowllng.
The Fourth of July was appropriately cele
brated at Villa Fontenay. The guests arose
early, fired salutes and marched around the
grounds singing the national air. The morn
ing was spent In a bowling contest between
the ladies. Mrs. L. D. Weiss of Greenville,
Miss., was the successful bowler and was pre
sented with a medal. F. N. Meyer of San
Francisco took off the honors In the gentle
men's bowllns match In the afternoon. In the
evening the decorated ballroom was a scene of
gayety. and after a musical and literary pro
gramme dancing' was enjoyed until a late hour,
when the host, Mr. Haesters, Invited the guests
to supper and a delicious mal bowle, for which
concoction he Is famed. Under the skillful
direction of M. Frank of San Francisco the
hotel, cottages and grounds were artistically
decorated with lanterns and bunting.
AT VILLA FONTENAY, GLENWOOD—
From San Francisco: Miss C. Lewlson, Mr-
H. Nathan. F. Reuther. Paul Lebenbaum Leo
Lebenbaum. Mrs. Rob Lloyd, MUs Beesle
Crelghton, XV. Cronan. Mre. XV. Cronan MI«b
Jennie Cronan. Mrs. Ida Cronan. G. XV Hen
dry. Mrs. G. XV. Hendry. Mrs. Annie Hendry,
Charles Hendry, J. de la Montanya, Mrs J.
de la Montanya, Miss Agnes G. Thomas Miss
Mary Eva Thomas. Mrs. G. E. Malcolm J D
Sullivan. S. Do'novan. John Smyth, Rev. P." m'
Bannon. XV. Simpers. Mies Alice Crelchton
Miss Mae Cronln, Miss S. Kraus. Mrs. S
Wheeland, Mrs. Ph. Thorsth. Edw Thorsth L
Klein, J. H. Madden, Mrs. J. XV. Madden. Dr'
Z. Levin. Julius Lemle. Carl Weigelt, C. G.
Branln, F. XV. Claussen, Daniel Stein. I. H.
PIpsIno. Mlsn M. Hlrshfeld, Henry Edwards,
M. L. Euphrat,- I. Goodman. Oscar S. Frank
Miss Helen Phyllis Wolfe, Miss Ida Muriel
Wolfe. H. B. Smith, F. H. Smith. H. Keiner
Mrs. H. Keiner. Miss Ethel J. Keiner. H. L
Heldt. H. W. Morgan. Mrs. XV. Morpan, Mrs.
II. Rising. MIfs E. Christen, XV. H. Hammer.
Mrs. W.. H. Hammer. Lloyd Hammer, H. von
Bergen. Mrs. H. von Bergen, Maurice Frank.
Mrs. Maurice Frank, Miss Rena Raymond
Frank. Miss Mae Graney, ¦ W. ¦ Lewis, Mrs.
W. Lewis. MJss Gretta Donnelly, Miss Juliet
Kramer, Mrs. Louise Hammer, Mrs. E. Oates,
Mrs. Walter Church, Miss A. Church, J. M.
Lltchfleld, Mrs. J. M. Lltchfleld, R. Lloyd
Lltchfleld. Sumner Lltchfleld. J. H. Stein, Mrs.
J. H. Stein. Miss Irma Stein, Sanford Stein.
John U. Guttmann. L. Lebenbaum, F. C.
Lebenbaum. Miss Rose Lebenbaum, Mrs. A,
Curtaz. Ml?8 Lulu J. Curtaz. Mrs. M. S.
Meyer, F. N. Meyer, Mrs. Flora Witt. Mlsa
Sadie Witt. Frcm Cincinnati— Mrs. n. Ornu
mnn. From Greenville. Miss. — L. D. Weiss.
Mrs. L. n. WpIpp, Eldee Weiss. From Ala
medn — Mrs. P. Susmann. Miss Etta Susmann.
R. L. Simpson. Mra R. L. Simpson, Mildred
Simpson. Virginia Simpson. R. L. Simpson Jr.,
Grant Simpson. From Oakland— Mrs. S. E.
Gorton, Miss A. Vesper. From Santa Cruz —
XV. B. Hanley, F. w, Billing, Mrs. F. XV.
Billing. W. k. Krieg. From Stockton— Mrs.
M. T. Stein, Mra. M. Marks.
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Miss F. Vldeau. Miss Mae Reyn
olds, John Reynolds, J. Rosenblat. L. A. Rosen
blat, Henry Lachman. Bob Walsh. William
Morken, James C. Bride John Woebcke, Jos
eph Dolan. George A. Dolan. A. E. Krull. Wil
liam H. Pohltnan. R. O. Banzhof, Mrs. L.
Frank, Miss M. Behan J. T. Coleman, M^s
M. Lewis. Mihs P. B. Lewis. Miss M. E. Hea
ley, Mra. C. Wilson, Miss Maud Wilson. Sidney
Smith, wife and eon, Mr. and Mrs. Bateman,
Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Ames, Miss Helen Dunn,
Miss M. Dunn, Miss Glllespte. Mrs. E. Cole
man/ Mrs. F. XV. Baker, wife and daughter,
Mr. Henry Brune and wife. Minna Brune,
Alex Stewart, Mm. J. B. McMahon and son.
Miss Frances Thelsen. Mrs. John Perlne. Mli»s
Marian fc'urdock. Miss Margaret Murdock.
Archie Levin. W. J. Keeiey, James McGowan
and wife. Miss M. Fay. Miss Rose Fay, Mrs.
Barber. Edw F. Kelly. Miss I. Kelley. Da
vid Harris. Edw J. Logan, Mrs. Theo Dierks.
MIm O!rr Dierks. Miss Irma Dierks. John P.
Well. James Griffin, James Farrelley, Mr. and
Mrs. David Crowley. Miss J. Crowley. Frank
Lord. Jo*in Ralnsbury and wife, James A.
Stevens and wife. A. Laupe. H. J. Murphy,
Mrs. T. . H. Barber. Master Roser Wils-or.
H..C. Vldeau, Miss Strallman, Miss I. C. F.in
mons. W. D. Campbell. Mrs. J. Wickman. J.
E. Hooper and wife. Mm F. Fehlelsen. Clo
thllde Fehleisen, Hellmuth Fehleleon, John
Llllenthal, Miss May Loney. Miss Cora Fl*k.
Judge J. V. . Coffey. Jeremiah V. Coffey, Miss
Doris Heuer, Philip Heuer. A. F. Schleicher,
J. A. Klein, R.. R. Denigan. Armand A. Blum,
O. B. Greenebaum, L. Slegel. Mrs. F. Offer
mann, Henry Peters and family, D. A. Finn,
E. J. Martell. : Mrs. Healey. T. S. Ferguson.
C. A. Barrett and wife C. H. Turner and
wife. Dr. L. Slchel. Dr. John Lee, XV. 3. Her
rin, George F. Heuer, wife and family. Mrs.
H. Freese. L. Freese. L. Kullman. Mrs. H.
Matthews, Miss Coghlan, XV. H. Capey H L
Davis: MissOrtae FarreU, Emll Hahn and wife.
V\ illlam Lang. Frank Davis. Charles Mitchell
Dr. XV. P. Jon**. Ed Leonard. Frank G. Smith,
Miss A. Barry. Mr. and Mrs. J. Conlon. James
Flynn, v Andrew Oren. George Bensen Fred
Bensen. Dr. A. H. Clack. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Donavan. D. Ullman, William R. P'oll.
Fenton Gelinan, Miss Irene Geinian Carl
' S-^ A> Bruns and wlfe - Frank Griffin,
J. W. -McCormlck. wife and family. H. Mc-
Neil Mrs R. .Morris. Miss R. Morris. Mrs. F.
Mitchell Miss Mahel Coey. Charles Coey, WU
i? m «1 ble> c . M ," ,, E - Noble - J- K- AIcElroy ?i,d
wife. Miss E. J. Barber. Miss L. F. Bray. Mir s
Peoples MI5« M. J Dolsn. Miss M. -CcKlnley,
Miss h. McGorey. Miss Burmelster and «on G
\\ Hughes J. XV. Sheehan. Willie Coev, Ralph
Hubbard. Mrs. H. Hubbard. Mrs. L. C. Col-man
Byron Coleman. J. A. Hayes. F. M. Waller, C. j'
Joseph, Miss Edith and Isabel Donavon D
Daley, wife and family. Al Levy, Ed Stevens
and wife. Martin King and wife, J. T. Sullivan
wire and family. From Alameda— Mrs. L. Metz
ger, Miss Elsa Metzeer and maid. Miss Vera
Metzg-er. Master L. Metzger. George Murdock
Mrs. George Murdock. Miss L. Murdock. Mrs. G
W. Emmons and family. MIm J. Mitchell
Frank Hally. Ernest Weise. William Zlngg!
From Berkeley— Colonel A..G. Freeman. F. L
Ho«nier. Frcm San Rafael— Sheriff W. I'
Taylor and son. K. J. Connell.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—H. H. liamllton. C. S. Amden and wife.
P. J. Craner. S. Simon. Mrs. J. Nickels. Anna
Worth. Ed V. Armstrong. R. R. Ritchie, M.ss
Katherine Doyle. Mrs. Mary Ring. Mies Mar
garet Ring, E. J. McNamara and wife. Mrs.
C. Fallon. Robert A. Doak. From Oakland-
Mrs. Welles Wlilttemore. Master Welles Whltte
more. Julius Abrahamson. wife and daughter.
From San Jose — H. E. Gable, Mrs. L. Pfau,
Louis Pfau. Mrs. M. Brohaska. Miss Lillie
Brohaska. Fred Brohaska. Irish Sullivan, Hon.
William McKagney, James M. McKagney and
wife. From Salinas — Thomas Joy. wife and
Eon. Miss N. Armstrong. From San Carlos —
Mrs. B. Brltton, Mrs. B. Phelps. From Blsbee
— J. W. Black and wife. From Blanco— Mrs.
C. Clausen. From Berkeley— Mr*. S. J. Wall.
Miss L. Wall. From San Mateo— E. A. Hus-
Ing. From Moss Landing— S. N. Laughtin.
From Santa Cruz — T. J. Eean.
Florlne Rosenberg:. From Cincinnati— M. Mi
halovitch. From Honolulu. T. H.— Mrs. Har
riet G. Dowsett. From San, Rafael— Mrs. J.
Sheeny, the Misses Sheeny. Parnell feheehy.
From San Mateo— Alfred B. Ford and wife,
the Misses Amy and Norah Brewer, Sydney
and Bernard Ford. From Oakland— H. M.
Barry, L. M. McDonald, A. S. Cohn and wife,
H. Jacobs. From Alviso— Harriet K. Ortley.
From Portland— Margaret M. Stafford. From
Wadgworth— John W. Baxter. From Salinas-
George C. Gross. From Prunedale— George
Bearn. From London. England— F. W. Ronth
walte. From Ben Lomond— Mre. B. Dickin
son. H. F. Anderson. From Mount £&*?—
Amos Melnlnger. From Sargenta — M. O. Sar
gent. From England— H. B. Richardson. From
Santa Cruz— Mrs. XV. H. Stemrl. From Boston
—Charles Alfred Braelan. From Lawrence,
Kans. — Freldo Bartlldes. Edwin Northrup,
Minneapolis, Minn.- XV. T. Menke, Frank A.
Brl«B, E. H. Brissel, Salinas; H. Alexander.
Watsonvllle: Miss Lillian Mosher. Santa Cruz;
T. McNally, C. Shaw, Ean Francisco; Mlsa
Elllzabeth Westgate, Alameda; George Hope,
Lillian Smith, Carl Welgelt, San Francisco;
Miss Levenson. Miss Furet. Alameda; E. F.
Lacour, San Francisco: E. WilllamH. Miss
Money, Watsonvllle: Mrs. W. A. Emmett, Miss
Elizabeth Rowell, Mrs. H. Elmes, MUs K.
Elmee, Belmont: A. F. Tynan. Spreckela: J. l,.
White. Salinas; C. C. Yawkey. Wausau. \\ is?. ;
XV. B. Anthony. Watsonvllle, Mrs. C. N.
Brown, Austin. Minn. . , h .
A large number of San Franciscans spent trie
Fourth at Hotel Capltola to celebrate the 127th
anniversary of the birth of the Independence of
America. The weather was perfect and thero
were at least five thousand visitors. The fire
works and colored Illuminations were unusually
fine and the full-dress hop at the hotel was
largely attended. Events of recent Interest nave
been enormous catches of salmon; the arrival,
launching and christening of a beautiful •« UI ? cn
for Captain Taylor of the Cosmos and Bohe
mian clubs and the arrival of F. Berry and
party of Fresno In a magnificent yacht re
cently bouRht by 'him. On the Sth the EUfs«
were delightfully entertained with a recital or
Dixie darky dialect by Miss Alexander, who re
cited and sang In her usual Inimitable styie.
EVENTS IN THE SOCIAL WORLD
toastmaster. Many of the guests toast
ed the host, hostess and their litttle son,
Ransome B. Matthews. Among them
were J. W. Ryce. who took part with
Mr. Matthews In the early development of
this section of Fresno County. He spoke
of Mr. Matthews' business ability and
the great benefit his enterprise ,has been
to Selma. W. E. Street of the Farmers 1
Bank spoke of having known Mr?. Mat
thews since childhood I and of the high
esteem in which she Is held. T. B. Mat
thews responded In behalf of himself, hla
wife and little son to the many kind
remarks which had been made. A house
party followed the reception at which
Mrs. Marion B. Cumming. Miss Jean
Cumming. Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Green
wood, Miss Marion Greenwood, Mrs. Au
gusta Hewitt, Mr. and Mrs. Walter T.
Lyon and Miss Dois V. Lyon. all of San
Francisco, were among the guests.
Miss Mabel Burchell was given a party
at the home of her parents. 118 Steiner
street, Sn honor of her birthday on Fri
day. July 3. The evening was pleasantly
spent in singing, games and dnr.clng, after
which supper was served. Those present
v;ere:
Mr. on.l Mrs. H. Gerrans. Mr. and Mrs.
G. Morley. Mr. and Mrs. J. Jeffery. Mr.
and Mrs. H. Davidson. Mrs. J. Putney.
Miss M. Hamilton. Mrs. G. Fularlove.
Miss L. Arthur. Miss S. Grossman. Miss
C. Viceroy, Miss M. Sharon, Miss H.
Fularlcve, Miss M. Orpen, Miss H. Bolde
man. Miss Atkinson. Miss McGulre. Miss
L. Sharp. Miss J. McGuire, Miss E. At
kinson. Miss L. Spara. Miss G. White, A:
Bentley. J. Flack. R. Coons. M. Fe!g. W.
Earl. W. Roes. W. Martin. W. Kelly. G.
Scrvis6, A- Osten, XV. Carson, W. Provi
dence, H. Floyd. L. Uphause. Mr. Wat
*ers.
A must enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Saturday, July 4. by Mrs. L.
Harris to Mr. and Mrs. J. Bloom and
Mrs. Robinson, mother of Mrs. Bloom,
prior to Mrs. Robinson's departure for
the East. Mary toasts were responded
to. Among those who were present were:
Mr. and Mrs. I. Harris. Mr. and Mrs
Carmel. Mr. p.ntl Mrs. Kaplan. Mr. and
Mrs. Markowitz. Mr. and Mrs. Sugarma",
Mr and Mrs. Sohl, Mr. and Mrs. Citron,
Mr. and Mrs. Weber. Mr. and Mrs. Fox,
Mr. and Mrs. Eichner, Mrs. Weinstein.
Misses B. Simon, R. Simon. R. Harris, R.
Strom, C. Wolf. S. Leavitt. S. Muller. H.
Baer Messrs. J. Weiner, J. Strom, .S.
Hyman, I. Meyer. S. Barnett. B. Cohn.
M. Davis, I. Frledlander, Ph. Harris, P.
Harris, E. Hoppe, H. Simon, D. Simon, S.
Simon. A. Friedman and many others.
j£^S) UMMER is at Its beight. The
yT"* 1 ' warmth -'of the sun's, ray's
\S>A^\ brings to every one In town a
J^ _\) etrong disinclination ' to work
(y — -«^^ and a decided leaning toward
the country. Pleasure reigns
supreme at the resorts. The anglers -wait
for b!tes with unusual Interest and in
eisf that the fish fight harder this year
than ever before. The surf is lined with
picturesque bathing suits occupied by
fair maids. The popular young man says
nicer things this season In his Tleyatfons—
and means them less (If that were possi
ble). Meanwhile the complacent cbaper
ones discuss the various interesting and
romantic topics from their own points of
view on the hotel verandah and all goes
merrily along.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Jacob Hartmatt of 517 Gnugh street an
nounces the engagement of his daughter,
Hannah, to Morris I Glbbs. A reception
Trill be held this afternoon from 2 to 5
o'clock.
Mr. and Mr*. K. Levin announce, the
engagement of their daughter. Stella, to
Archy L*vlne. The engagement recep
tion will be held Sunday, July 26, from 2
to 6 p. m. at 141 Grove street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Beckie Ashcr to Harry Rofenblum. both
cf this citv.
WEDDINGS.
The home of Mrs. Martha O'Connor,
E730 Fremont street. Golden. Gate, was
the scene of a very pretty w«<2ding when
lier younger daughter, Erin, accepted as
the man of her choice Mr. John Hoffman
of San Francisco. The ceremony was sol
emnized by Rev. Mr. Ray in the spacious
parlors, which were artistically decorated
with a profusion of ferns and flower?.
The predominating color was pink. The
bridal couple were attended by Miss Vic
torine CedJey, who acted as bridesmaid,
and IJext Christ as best man. Little
Edith McGann and Mildred Pierce were
fluwer girls. The bride was the recipient
of many beautiful gifts. The happy
young couple have left for the South,
vhere they will ppend their honeymoon.
On their return they will reside in Oak
land.
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Matthews celebrated
the fifteenth anniversary of their mar
riage at their home. Pine Rest, in Selnia,
Saturday evening, July 4. The reception
rooms were artistically decorated -with
crystal, flowers and the national colors.
The epacious grounds were brilliantly Il
luminated with Chinese lanterns. Scatter
ed among the trees were the flags and
bunting emblematic of the national holi
day. During the evening choice musical
were rt-ndered. Supper was
served In the long trrape arbor before
midnight. One hundred and ten guests
were seated at the table. D. 8. Snod
grass of the Fir*t National Bank was
Mrs. W. J. Bartnett, Miss Harriette Bartnett,
J. W. Mullen. Robert S. Boyns, F. M. Allen.
E. J. Phelps, A. S. Whitney. Mrs. J. H. Hall,
H. S. Gable, Miss McCormlck, Bruce Adams
Jr. and wife. H. J. Jones. A. H. Hartwlg.
L. R. Fay. Katherlne Fay. O. K. Jones and
wife, R. E. Reeve. Alexander Crew and wife.
Mrs. L. XV. Moffett. Lilian Moffett. May Mof
fett. Vernle Hand. Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Dun
bar. Mr. and Mrs. J. A, McCullough. Mr. and
Mrs A. XV. Wallace. \J. Walner and wife, D.
XV. Smythe. T. L. Henderson, W. F. Chlpman,
V. L. Mitchell.- P. F. Cutting. F. 8. Samuels.
Ira Glllick. Mrs. I. Gllllck. Mr*. Ross Hohfeld,
Lily Hohfeld. Rose Hohfeld. From San Jose—
A. C. Russ, Mrs. Norman Klosser. Miss Che
shire, M. E. Dalley. W. Warren. H. L. Du
stag, P. H. Moore, William H. Rogers, E. K.
Johnson, William Biggs and wife. R. H.
Powell and wife.
AT EL CARMELO HOTEL. PACIFIC
GROVE: From San. Francisco— Mrs. F. Pad
dock, A. M. West, S. R. Richards. B. D. Hurd,
O. O. Young and wife, Mlsa Winters, C. Arm
strong. George J. Senk, Mrs. Spencer C. Buck
bee. P. C. CuttLng, H. M. Hare, XV. XV. Catick.
Mrs. E. M. Charquette, M!s» Ida Charquette,
Mies Grace Leavenworth. G. C. Farley, L. E.
Jones and wife, W. H. Moore and^wlfe, Miss
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH; From 6an
FrancUco — A. Becker, Mls» L. Collins. Gus
Wolf, Mrs. Gus Wolf. S. Buchman. Viola Se
ll*. Belle Sellg, Miss Carrie Matthey, G. H.
Elliot, Mrs. G. H. Elliot. Carl Welgellt, Julius
Lemler. Mrs. L. Meyer. Mrs. F. Epstein, Miss
Sadie Meyer. Miss A. Blum. Miss B. Steinbach,
Miss T. Steinbach. Miss Belle Newbauer. Ju
lian Weisbeln, Miss Eda Gettleson, Miss M.
Burke. Mies A. Power. Anna Haley. F. H.
Smith, Henry Edwards, Dr. Z. Levlne. Cap
tain W. Brisco. Mrs. XV. Brtsco, Gus M.
Harthold. Miss A. Ephraim. Miss J. Ephraim,
Mrs. E. Ephraim. Henry Haaf. Miss L. Hall.
MIes O. Levy. Mrs. A. Levy, Mrs. Dr. Levy,
Mrs. George Plum, Mrs. J. Jacobs. A. J. Hart,
Eugene Sommer, Mrs. E. Sommer. Miss L.
Goldman, Miss M. Peiser. Miss Alice Hart.
Mr?. C. J. Bass. W. V. Walsh, Miss Elsie
Peiser, Hortense Haas. Milton Haas. Mra. A.
Haax. Mrs. A. Mocher. Miss Irene Mocner,
Mlsa L.. Dlnkelman, Mrs. H. Dlnkelman.
Herman Joost, Edna Joo*t. Mrs. Jack-son
Hatch, Jackson Hatch, Oeraldlne Hatch. Grace
llurke. John P.. Burke. Mrs. .h Burke, Mrs. M.
Joost. Harry Herman, Mrs. II. Herman, Mrs.
M. A. Haas. Ruth Leon, Mrs. S. R. Leon.
Terefa Sriler, Maurice Seller. Mrs. M. Seller,
William Rlchter. I. Packert, Harry Haywards.
Mm. 11. Haywards. Charles Haywards, Miss
Ma Ripley. Mrs. D. S. Crown, Helen Crown,
Charlotte Crown, Fannie Crown, Mrs. I. Label,
Miriam Label. Charlotte Label. Waldo A.
Poole. Mrs. E. B. Tylor. Miss M. Hlckmott,
Helen Burke. . . , .
The event of last week was a grand concert
and ball, participated In by all the guests. «
AT KLAMATH: From San Francisco—
G. E. Bennett, Mrs. E. W. Bennett, George
B. Wlllcutt. Miss A. McAllister. G. XV. Luce
and wife. Miss Mabel Luce, Roy Luce, Dan
Volkman, Will Volkman. From Los Angele*
—Charles Silent and wife. Miss Silent, Chester
Silent. Miss Watklns, G. B. Ocheltree. Miss
Margaret Ocheltree. From Oakland — Miss
Louise Stubbs. From Berkeley — Miss Mar
garet Fortler. From Grldley— Thomas B.
Hutchins and son. From Modesto — Theodore
Turner and wife. From Pokegama, Or.— Mr.
and Mrs. C. R. Hutchlngs, Miss Nellie Hutch
ings. Mis* Elizabeth Moreland. M. R. Potter,
Mrs. Dean Mason, Mrs. John Coffin. Al Llnd
ley. From Klamath Falls— Henry L. Benson,
F W. Jenninc*. J. C. Slgee. Krom Grants
Pass— J. B. McKnight and wife. From Des
Moines. Iowa — H. B. Winters and wife.
AT AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— N. H. Roche. Alfred E. Mur
phy, lilss Hazel Jones, Miss Edna Jones, Mr.
and Mrs. H. L. Jones. Mrs. Houston. Mr. and
Mnt. N. S. Stair. Miss Mary Burke, A. W.
Levy and wife. A. Pontel and family, W. Davis
and family, G. J. Law6on. i.ouis Janln Jr.,
Mrs. M. Gensberger. Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Kear
ney. R. Patterson, Mrs. M. Hill, Mr. and Mrs.
Jaccbsen. MJss B. Jacobsen, James F. Foster,
J. M. Henderson. Miss E. O'Leary, M!*s L.
O'Connor. Mr. and Mrs. F. Nunan, L. H. Bald
win. E. S. Flleger, Mrs. H. F. Dell and daugh
ter. Max Goldman, F. G. Geler, Mrs. J. Schleck
and family, Mrs. K. C. Garretson, Mr. and
Mre. Raphael. M. F. Mitchell. Mrs. J. Lan
franchi, Mrs. E. Flaherty and family. C. C.
Wells. Mrs. J. Croesby, Miss M. Stack, Miss
Jessie Browne, Mr. and Mrs. P. Ferrlter, D. A.
Drady, F. Z. Rizenfeld. G. H. Undam. J. O.
Gara. N. Barr. Miss K. Black, Eden Hall,
Mrs: O. P. Carson. Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Hayes,
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mitchell. J. L. Mitchell.
George E. Barriester, O. M. Leopold, Mr. and
Mrs. F. P. Katz. Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Adams,
Mies Alma Barth. Miss Madge Whelan. Miss
Adeline Ryfkogel.* H. F. Dell. -w. Salaronl, J.
J. Casey. J. Hamm, D. D. Casey. H. Heoht,
MIfs E. Rlckard, Miss M. Daly. Mr. and Mrs.
A. B. LawEon. J. W. HuEingr, XV. XV. Roche.
James Patterson, J. J. MahlEtedt. Miss A.
Mflhlstedt. Mrs. J. O., Harris. . M. - P.
Behrne, L.. Lupral. Miss M. Anthony. J. O.
Harris. Miss K. Gibbons. Miss E. Hamburg,
Miss J. Harwocd. William A. Butler. C. Schicr.
Mr. and Mrs. Linen. Mlfs Kate Conway. Mrs.
Bell. Captain Leahy, S. Riety. Benny Yanger,
Miss E. Wenzel. Miss H. Wenzel. R. M. Fitz
gerald. Mr. and Mr*. Clamecen. Mr. and Mrs.
D. Wilson. J. Brady. Miss Brady, E. T. Suag,
Miss A. O'Connor. from Oakland — Mrs. N.
J. Smyth. S. L. Snalr, Miss T. McDonald. Miss
J: A. Browne. Miss .1. McCourtney, S. Snalr,
Miss E. Guichard, H. R. Guichard. J. ' XV.
Porteous, Miss T. McDonald. S. L. Snalr. A.
Guichard, H. L. Davis. From Xapa — Herbert
B. Whittcn,' A. C. Schmled, A.'E. Barr. From
Vallejo — Mrs. J. J. Donohue and children. Mrs.
E. Hyde. From Berkeley— Mrs. A. T. Green.
From Glen Ellen— MUs E. Martens, E. Their
koff.
AT HOTEL CAP1TOLA: From San Fran
cisco — P. L. Rothenbcrg, Mrs. L. Rothen
berg. Miss M. Rothenberg. . M. C. Ottenheimtr
and wife. E. Morris. R. Morris. T. F. and Mrs.
Barnes. Miss Irene Groom, Miss Edith Levy,
Mrs. I. Kohn. MIfs Enid Ackerman. John Dex
ner, D. Deyuo, Mrs. Ralph Leon, Mrs. I. Gel
lcrt. Miss Hazel Leszynsky, Mrs. Abe Leszyn-
Fky. Mrs. E. R. Leon and child. Miss F. Crown.
Mrs. Morris. Mrs.' M. Seller and children, J.
Lende, H. W. Jackson. Charles Lauffers. A. S.
Holman. Mrs. Lud Zobel, Mrs. A. Blumenthal.
Miss Ida Blumenthal. Louis B. Levy. Paul R.
Ruben and son, Charles Sonntag. Sydney L.
Schmltt. James Mahoney; Mrs. P. F. McClaln
and children, W. J. Sullivan, J. Mendelson.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Campbell, Mrs. D. E.
Moore, Mrs. Harry L. Johnson, Miss Ruth
Johnson, Stuart L. Johnson, Mrs. F. Shrier.
Mabel C. Shrier. Myron Hume, Mrs. E. Maeon,
Miss L. Carter, Mrs. J. V. Kelly. W. W. Foote,
J. V. Coleman. Miss Anna Brlttan. S. O. Hall.
Dr. J. G. Brady and wife. May Dodd. K. Wat
son. L. J. Hart. F. V. Meyer and wife, Mrs.
B. Sells, Henry P. Umbsen. H. \V. Eieert. Wil
liam A. Mackay, Charles Kellue. Ous Brown,
Mrs. J. R. Goodall. G. H. de Manuel and wife.
C. E. Hume Misr Alma de Manuel, H. T.
Dott, Mrs. H. T. Dott. Mrs. A. W. Follansbeo.
Miss Nealon, Miss Margaret Nealon, A. C.
Hampton. P. L. Henderson, D. Rosenblum. E.
C Llndquist, A. F. Brood, William Mersfelder.
C. H. Madox, M. and H. Roman. Charles D.
Kar.-ky, Kred Katz, M. J. Donovan, G. Tour
ney. O. W. Brennan. Minnie G. Holme*. Pearl
E. Holmes. J. A. McGregor. L. I. Sussman. E.
Blumleln. H. Wadsworth. C. L. Taylor. Miss
Croiby, J. F. Llndberg. 3. K. Russell. Dr. L.
D. Blondln. .1. C. Cavanagh, \V. Baron and
wife. L. Skall: S. H. Goldstein, wife and child:
D. J. Rlley. wife and child: Miss H. Green.
Lillie Meyer, Mr*. G. F. Herr, MIbs Goodall,
Captain H. P. Young, U. S. A.; Mr. and
Mrs. F. P. Holbrook. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
C. Moore, B. Lloyd. J. Buscette. E.
Guamanslcn. Francis J. Heney, A. Rosen
lund. Mr. and Mn«. F. A. Stearns, Mr. and
Mrs. Thorns* HlKglns, Mr. and Mrs. J. de la
Montanya. Miss Edith Plxley. Louis A. Schwa
bacher, G. Knrtorlus. William II. Lutz, Mrs.
H. Dunham. Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Rlx.-Mr. and
Mrs, R. I. Bcnlley. Mrs. Curtaz. Mrs. Sarics.
Clyde N. Beafle. Miss Edith B. Smith. Miss N.
Sheehan, MIsr Dora Hhrteh.in. J. It. Long. Mm.
H. P. Dewlin; Dr. W. Williamson and wife.
H. H. Lynch and wife, Henry Llebert; George
II. Brown, wife and rhlld: Mrs. T. A. Brown.
0. R. Goodall, Brode K. Smith. Mr». Leon
Kahn. Dorothy Natban. Enid Kahn. Mrs. E.
Blake, Miss T. Wolf. Miss D. Prenderga*t, Jack
M. Levy. Mrs. E. S. Clprlco, Mrs. XV. J. Rud
dlck. Mr*. J. L. Irving. Edw. L. Landegren,
Miss Clara Zwleg. Mn>s K. L. Schmelzkopf. G.
H. Elliot, wife and child: Paul Oestlng and
wife. Mrs. H. Meyemeln, Henry Bartfeld:
William Hendrickeon Jr., wife and two chil
dren: John McChase, F. Hahn. Mary Shel
ton, Ed. F. Wilbur, S. F. Barton, Mi?s
Jeanette Ephraim. Mrs. Krnestlne Eph
raim, Miss Adeline Ephraim, Miss Viola
Sell*. MIm Eelle Belle. Gus M. Barthold. Mm.
B. I. La Sail*. Robert R. Yates. " Mrs. 13.
Strauss, Miss H. Strauss. Miss M.' Strauss, Mr.
nnd Mrr. XV. H. Demlng. Mrs. Milton D.
Garratt. Miss C. Alexander. C. F. Botcher.
James Du Bols, Mrs. M: Epsteen, Mrs. Louis
Meyer. Sadie Meyer. Miss Terlse Steinbach,
Miss Anna Blum. MIks Birdie Etelnbach. Anna
Epstein. Anna Delehanty. Mrs. E. Gunz, MrB.
J. Ghlrardelll. Miss Madge Caulfleld, Miss Car
men Ghlrardelll, Joe Ghlrardelll Jr..- Mrs. C.
N. ' Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Ed J. Ackerman.
From Oakland— Mrs. A. Haas. CO. Moe and
wife. A. T. Eastland. Thomas B.Pheby, Fred
1. Pheby. J. J. Pheby, Captain Hackett. Frank
Rtttlgsteln: A. S. Savenson. wife and child;
Gene D. Reynolds. J. S. . Reynolds, R. Me-
Kllman. F. C. Radcllffe. Miss Lucille Rftd
cllffe. Miss Ramona Radcliffe, Miss Cecily
Chatley. Arthur S. Harri*. Mrs. Sterling, Mrs.
Dickinson. Mrs. Brown, F. J. Ayden. P. B.
Lynch, Mr. and Mr*. F. A. Stearns,. Alexander
Stewart. Mrs. Alexander T. Stewart, M. L.
Cheney. Miss M. L. Cheney. From San Jose—
Mlts Thekla Pleper. Maud Miller, Miss Doro
thea Cain. W. B. Ortley. J. T. Halford, G. R.
Lampe. D. J. Fiannery and wife; Miss Casrie
Welch. E. E. Lewis. A. S. , J. Smith. 'James
R. Lowe and »on. Maud A. Smith. Mrs. F.
Cain, O. A. Hale, ¦ George E. - Graft and
wife. H. J. /Lion, . H. E. King, Mrs. Over
street and family, Mre. T. P. Todd and
son. Frcm Mare Island— F, B. Zohm,
V. 8. N.; Mrs. Zohm. From Santa Cruz — Miss
Hlckmott, W. N, Farrar and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Epplnger Jr., O. H. Simons. From
Fresno — W. H. McKenzle 1 ' and ~> family. - T.-G.
Ostrander. F. G. Berry and wife. K. H. Hodg
kin. From Los Gatos— O. W. Jackson and wlte.
From Gllroy— H. W. Tracey." S. W. Klrkpat
rlck. M isB Alva Ladd, Miss . Isabel Fellow.
From Alameda — Marie R. Bernard," Mrs. Rose
Bernard, ,M. Bernard. From ¦ Menlo Park— A.
C. Bae«tt. ¦ From Ben ¦ Lomond— H. T. ¦ Ander
son. From Holllster— W. V. Holllngbery,
PERSONALS.
William H. Thompson was the recipient
of a very pleasant surprise party at the
residence of his mother, Mrs. Isabelle
Thompson, on Monday evening, the occa
sion being the anniversary of his birth.
The evening was delightfully passed with
music, games and recitations.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Sherman and
Miss Jennie E. Sherman have taken up
Uieir permanent residence at 1043 Bush
street. They will receive their friends on
the first Monday of the month.
Colonel M. S. Blackburn, commander of
Leland Stanford Camp, Army and Navy
Republican League, one of the largest
camp? in the State, starts for Washing
ton. D. C, on the 20th inst., accompanied
by his wife and etepson, William F. Me
gannon, of 417 Baker street, to spend a
well earned vacation. They will visit the
principal cities en route. They have
leaded their summer residence in Fruit
vale to Mr. Chase, stenographer of the
Chinese bureau.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parker Currier and
their eider daughter. Mrs. Gregor Grant
Fraser, are spending a few weeks at
Shasta Springs. Their younger daughter,
Mrs. Arthur F. Barnard, will shortly
build a summer home at Larkspur.
Miss Mae E. McCorkell has returned
from Monterey after a most enjoyable
outing.
Dr. and Mrs. Oscar N. Taylor have gone
to Berkeley for the Eummer and will be
at 2325 Warring street.
Mr?. Z. Scharlach and family have gone
to Alameda this summer and will be
pleased to ?ee their friends at 922 Lafay
ette street.
Mrs. R. A. Brownlee leaves for New
York and Paris this week to purchase a
fall millinery stock. •
Mrs. Ernestine and the Misses Janette
and Adeline Ephraim are spending a few
weeks in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. Frank Koch and Miss Lillian Koch
have returned after a month's vacation
in Bennett Valley.
The Misses Birdie and Terese Steinbach
and Miss Anna Blum are having a de
lightful outing In the Santa Cruz Moun
tains. They intend visiting Capltola and
Ean Jose before their return.
Mrs. William Gilmour and Mr. and Mrs.
John A. Wolf are ependir.g the summer
at Larkspur.
Mrs. J. G. Hecker and her tvro children
are spending the summer at Larkspur.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Levy (nee Harris)
will receii'C at their new home. 2910 Twen
ty-second street, near Harrison, this aft
ernoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Mrs. G. E. Van Vlack and family.
George Drlscoll and Robert Parker of
Oakland, Mr. and Mrs. L.. Gottheim of
Alameda and Kathryn and Annie Gaff
ney and Martin Herdel of San Francisco
are spending their vacation at Mr. and
Mrs. Harland's farmhouse at Rosedale.
Mrs. Mary Young and daughter, Miss
Cetia, of 111 Sixth avenue. Richmond dis
trict, will leave this morning for Ban
Diego for a month. They will then go
to Seattle, where they will remain until
Mr. Yours returns from Nome.
(AH notices for the "Society Events" columns
of The Call shouid be sent In time to reach
the , editorial rooms not later than Friday
night, and muet be accompanied by the name
and address of the member of the family or
member of the club sending the communica
tion.) . .
AT THE BESOETS.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — Dr. N. T. Coulson, Judge J. W.
Seawcll. William J. Seawell. Miss M. Coi-
Beglta. H. V. Kennedy, D. P. Donahoe, J. R,
Hamilton. Dr. A. B. Peters, Mrs. Philip
Peters, Miss Amy Porter, R. Phuson, George
A. Hare, Mrs. George A. Hare. A. W. Hare,
Maud A. Witts, George Gale, C. B. Millar,
N. Anderson, Max Grau, L. F. Goodson, Mr.
and Mrs. H. Morgan, J. P. Haller and wife,
Martha Haller. George Haller. W. Hees. J. G.
Mansfield and wife. Nellie A. Sullivan.
A. G. Hagedorn. J. Welch. E. G. Zwlcker.
G. W. McCarthy and daughter, Mrs. Mar
garet M. McEnery. C. N. Spero, G. J.
Decker. Agnes Hess, John F. Farley and
wife, I. Metzgar, Walter Pcx, Richard Eddy.
From Sacramento — A. G. Stoll and wife, Wil
liam li-ckman, H. S. Maddlson and. wlte,
Emily Maddlson, Ruth Maddlson. H. H. Grau
Mrs. A. N. Buchanan. Mies McKucn. Miss
Gladys Buchanan, L. Chormak, P. Pendergast
and wife, Snider Cohen. Krom Alameda —
Charles Laubenhelmer and wife. Edwin Stoll,
Leiand Btoll. From Oakland— A. G. Ayers,
James Lyng, Mrs. M. Gray, A. T. O'Brien.
From Berkeley — G. A. Griesche. M. M. Sam'
son and son. 6. Fachel, Mies Lally Fachcl.
From Weaverville— Mrs. H. M. Qoetz. Lucy
Yount. From "Woodland— H. L. Huston. From
Martinez— M. W. Jooist. From San Jose— J. D.
Mackenzie. From Fresno— J. C. Sutherland
and wife. Louis Einstein and wife. Miss Olsa
Einstein. Lesley Einstein, H. O. Buker and
wife. From Verona— John Phelps. Michael
O'Keefe. From Davis — A. Keays. W. Bracker.
From DIxoa— William Hall.
Landers. Frank Brophy, L. L. Storns and
wife, Lule Meyers, Clem Armnrong, A. Car
roll and wife. Charlotte A. Olllver, Mr. and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1303.
Continued on Page Forty-One.
hut, Mazle Coleman. Mrs. Captain H. Thomp
son, Miss M|hnle Schwartz. Mrs. Sadie Klrsch,
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Green. H. T. Eber. H.
Wolff, Mre. N. Ohla-ndt. Mrs. C. Ranhut. Mrs.
N. Coleman, Dr. Charles Cross. M. T. Maloney.
From Sonora— J. C. Gabriel, Mrs. W. S.
Hooper. Mrs. E. Rook. From Alameda— E. F.
Rea. -From Chico — B. Cussick. From Warners
Creek — C. R. Larson. From Stockton — J. M.
Long and wife. From Fresno— D. R. Adams.
From Tulare — N. D. Dabney. . From Olema —
II. C. Dickson and wife. From Berkeley— Mr.
and Mrs. XV. C. Schmidt and children. From
Eureka— Thomas Hlnch. From Seattle — C. L.
Ray. From Oakland — Dr. Davidson. J. R.
Williams. Mrs. May Lumsden, J. D. Moffltt,
Mrs. E. B. Carson, Miss Ruth Carson. From
San Leandro— W. Shubaw. From Los Angeles
—Mrs. D. J. Baldwin. Miss Myra Baldwin.
Frcm Sacramento — Mrs. O. H. Braughler.
AT SUMMER HOME FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS: From San Francisco— Mrs. W.
A." Burns, Will G. Smith, J. A. Carman. Miss
G. Robinson, Norman Browne, C. I. Auld. J.
D. Bennett, Mrs. J. D. Bennett, A. D. Mills,
Mrs. A. D. Mills. A. D. d'Ancona. Dr. F. W.
Morse, Mrs. F. W. Morse, MUs Alma Freck,
Mies Susie Freck. Miss .Margaret Sunol. F. W.
Streeter, Miss Laura B. Coffin. From Oakland
C. H. "Williams, Mrs. C. H. Williams, Mrs.
George West, G. T. West. Miss Georglna West.
From Santa Barbara — Miss Trenwlth, Miss S.
A. Trenwith. From Salinas — Mrs. E. A. Eaton,
Miss Eaton. Miss Edna Eaton. From Los An
geles — Dr. D. W. Murphy. From Santa Cruz —
Mrs. George Staffler, Mrs. Ed Daubenbis, D.
W. Murphy.
AT TRUCKEE RIVER COUNTRY CLUB
(NEAR VERDI. NEVADA): From, San Fran
cisco — A. H. Vachell, O. C. Vachelf, wife and
son; James Perrow, John Morgan, Miss M. E.
Moore. George A. Merrill. M. E. Blanchard.
wife and daughter; R. T. McGlnnls and wife,
Floyd S. Judah and wife, Harry B. Gosllner.
Mr Hicks. Margaret E. Cameron. Henning
Berg. Henning J. <Berg, Christine B. La Bar
raque, Therese M. La Barraque, Samael A.
Wells. Charles Kewell, James Lynch. From
Honolulu — J. P. Cooke. wife and son. From
Oakland— Mrs. H. E. Cooke. Edwin R. Jackson.
From Sulsun — John A. Wilson. E. E. Long.
From Tres Plnos — A. L. Monotl. From Tahoe
City E. W. Hunt/ From Robs, Marin County
r. j. Davis, L. Spencer Davis.- Hall Roe.
Fly fishing Is excellent on this part of the
river and the water Is low. The Vachell
brothers have brought In from forty to sixty
rainbow trout every evening this week and
Messrs. Kewell, Lynch and Wells have aver
aged more than 'twenty each evening, and th«.-y
return all under a quarter or a, pound to the
river. .-' They have taken a number of two
pounders and claim the fish fight harder this
year than last. .
AT LOTUS FARM, NAPA: From Oakland —
Mrs Theodore Gler, Misses Grace, Emily and
Elsa Gier. Mrs. Rohrbach. Fred Rohrbach.
Herbert Rohrbach. Alma Rohrbach. Amelia
Rohrbach, Mrs. Lang, Miss Eveline Lang. Al
bert Lang. Mr. and Mrs. Hansen. Harry Han
sen, Frank Hansen. Mrs. P. Hornung, Mr. and
Mrs. Imwall. Miss F. Kohler. Mrs. M. Schmidt.
Ed Schmidt. From Vallejo — Ml«s K. Thelon.
From Alameda— Mrs. L. H. Brink. From San
Francisco— W. Schleuter and daughter.
-AT GILROY HOT SPRINGS— From San
Francisco — George V. Smith and wife. Master
George W. Smith, "William H. Roden and wife,
Ed Armstrong. C. W. Holmes. Fred R. Lederer.
Mra 'M. J. Hawes. Miss Ileen Hawes. J. F.
Duff. P. Mackey, Vlaho Llmlch. Grant S. Pyle,
H. A.'Oxnard and wife. D. Thornton, W. F.
Nelson. 'L. H. Johnston. L. V. Mason and wife,
Doris Irwln. Jack Collan. Thomas Wortner and
wife." Miss May Winter. O. C. Corson. G. W.
Langford. Miss. Lottie Spiers. , H. N. Hall and
wlte. Mies Lucinda Hall. Edna Hall. H. N.
AT DEER PARK INN-Frem San Francis
co: Julius Kahn. Louis E. Spear. Mrs O«Va:
S. Lex-y. J. K. Johnson. From Los Anrpip*-
Mrs. A. H Busch. Amy Eliot Bunch A «w
Busch. From Oakland— R. H. Genung wif
and children; Mrs. D. C. de Golla, Dr Edwart
von Adelung. From Alameda— Mrs Arthur r
Nason. Harry W. Nason. From Sa n SSil-
A.. Decourtleux and- wife. Mlas MadelhC
Deoourtleux. Miss Stella Connolly From Win
netka. Ill.-Mr. and Mrs. Augnstu, B?H!« In
son. From Berkeley— C. H. Uthron % 1
Lathrop. From Modesto— c. R? TUUon art
wife. Warren Tlllson. From San iTrenz^
Miss Carol Perkin». From SacVamento^M^
L. J Hlnksod. From Carson CUy nT» —^ iT
Marr and wife. From Taho« City— J H Hurl
KIT SW&? "• Hurtbu^ : "•' ««{
AT HOTEL DEL CAZADERO— From Sat
Francisco: F. E. Bishop. B, C. Anderson anc
wife. WiUIam Rader. Mrs. George Castle, Miss
Matgaret Castle. Mrs. William Rader. Mlsi
Dorothy Castle. G. MaJovossy.Mrs. A. Poletzer
J Mack. S. Kuh, Bueta rf. Hector. Matit<!«
Hector. Agustlna Hector. Maria Hector, H. N
Jauden. George XV. Turner. Mr. and Mrs. S. F
Davis. Charles Schlesslnger and. wife. John 11
Cole. R. W. Burns. Jessie Burns. Ed S. Afen
helm, H. F. Stoll. M. Low. Charles Merk. Mrs
John Clark. A. W. Keefe T. F. McDermott
R. P. Hood. Roy McLellan a M
Clay and wife. M. N. Klnney." Jons
Revalt and wife. Miss Booney. Misi
Blume. TV. M. Godfrey. W. A. Boole, a S
Hartman and wife. A. W. Schuler, J. F Butlei
and wife. Mrs. C. M. Wlnslow. w. Crlch
James Williams. S. L. Green. Emely s. Cablll
Mrs. Carrie Johnson. Miss Mazle Mahonv
Miss G. Mahony. Redmond Mahony. Ambro*«
Mahony. Redmond Johnson. Miss T. Doyle o
Menno. R. D. McCarry. From Alameda— A-
Brant. Mrs. Stanford Benonett. Marie Benonett
V. G Majovosay. From ilcKenzie Ranch— P
M. Child and wife.
Mrs. 3. E. Reynolds. William J. Herrin. K.
Wemple and wife. W. H. Herd, wife and child;
M. W. Lehman. Harry M. Campe and wife,
H. A. Hornlein. wife, child and nurse; R. H.
Flschbeck and wife. Richard Carmichael and
wife. J. L. Mansfield and *on. William Mom
han. L. W. Shaw, P. M. Shanahan. Austin
Baker. B. R. Hughes and wife. Henry Farley.
Owe.. Stewart. O. L. Nelson and wife Morris
Cohen, wife and daughter; Rudolph Alshame.
A. L. Metzger, Andrew Taylor. From Vallejc
— J. H. Smith. L. R. Coraleman and son, A.
Bemenchend. G. Oakley, R. J. R. Aden. F. M.
Denio and wife. J. H. Metford, J. W. Thomas.
From Oakland — Judge George H. Dunn, Ben-
J.-imin Klntz. W. Kennedy. Mrs. Frank Rob
erts, P. J. Flynn, E. A. Young. From Sacra
mento—M. Crcnan, Martin Cilasour. William
Stewart and family. From Los Gatoa— John
A. Hicks. Ray A. Hicks. From Sebastopol—
Mrs. O. B. Hubbell. Howard Hubbell, MU«
Isabel Ames. From Napa County — Mlsa Green
lee, Miss M. Meyers. Miss Evelyn Coulter. J.
L. Richardson. P. M. Glrard. R. J. Mitchell.
From Lake County — James Dows, John Moul
ton ana wife. II. T. Sanderson. William Hurst.
James Egan. wife and sob. From Los Angele*
— John H. Weber. Henry G. Krohn. wife and
son; Mrs. Bertha Morsch. From Long Beach —
Lou I Schwant and wife. From Anaheim—
Adolph Zobleln, Mrs. A. Zobleln and daughter.
From Hollywood — J. T. Furgeson and family
From Santa Monica — A. M. Evans. Froir
Pasadena — William A. Waters and wife. Mlsi
Gladys Waters. O. T. Sutch From Tuma.
Ariz. — M. T. Durbrow, Mrs. M. T. Durbrow.
From Albuquerque. New Mexico— R. L. Thomp
son, wife and two children. From Chicago-
William P. Stanton. Alexander Veil. Frotr
New York— S. Moseley Wood3. Dr. S. P. Dolan.
From Spokane, Wash. — A. M. Meyers. Froir
Portland, Or. — William R. Hord.
Hall Jr.. Miss Agnes Follows. Miss B. C. Fol
lows, Miss R. Waltenbaugn. Percy D. McPart
land, Thomas P. Maloney. J. Carroll. P. J.
Carroll. W. N. Mowery, Harry Bart. Dr. A. T.
Derby. Lester G. Burnett, Walter Hamby. Mlsa
O Hamby. Mrs. C. C. Freeman. P. Gordon.^ C.
M - . O'Connor, Robert Dews. Miss Laura Wag
ner. J. D. Cole and wife. Edgar Miller. Charlea
A Shroder. R. D. Gravos. M. A. Dlxon and
family. Charles Gray, G. T. Martin, Miss
Marlon Bowcher. Fred Drake, Walter Dement.
J. D. Coleman and wife, H. R. Wiley. A. K.
Furley, J. G. Dwyer. D. E. Grayson and wife.
Miss Anita Rogers, Mlsa Kate Rogers, C. G.
Keane S. G Barns and wife, Edward A. Cal
den From San Rafael— W. Dreypolcher, wife
and children. Miss Dorothy Boyen, Mlsa Emma
Boyen. From Menlo Park — John MacBaln and
wife. From Oakland— Mrs. A. E. Armstrong.
Miss Vivian Armstrong. Mrs. R. L. Pfluger.
Miss Edna Pfluger. From San Jose — E. M.
Rea. From Santa Cruz— Ben Sweet. From
Watsonvllle— Miss Luella F. McCarthy. Mlsa
Carrie Grimmer. Harry Smith-, James Griffin.
From Fresno— J. A. Tannlan and wife. From
Gllroy— Mrs. R. Cobb, George E. Rea. Mrs. L.
F Angney, Mrs. Warren. M. Casey. Miss Millie
Casey, E. H. Farmer. From Hyde Ranch —
Fred Holbert.
AT HOTEL. MONTRIO, SONOMA COUNTT
—From San Francisco: Ernest E. Leeds. H.
Walsh. Mrs. E. Streuber, Mr. and Mrs. B. F.
Slmcoe. R. C. Blngley Jr.. Albert H. Antz. A.
S. Hammersmith. E. II. Lange, R. XV. Hoff
man, Mrs. N. Hoffman. Miss U. Hoffman. Glen
T. Hoffman. William H. Rlchter. Frederick D.
Baese, P. E. O'Hare, wife and family, George
R. Armstrong. Mrs. M. L. Huntlngton, Will
Huntlngton, Mrs. P. Duree. Violet Koch, Sam
Stone, Miss Morris. Dr. G. S. Baker and wife,
Mrs. M. E. Light. Miss Clarice Callo. Miss
Julie Callo. M. L. Terry, R. M. Wood. P. Moir.
R S. la Metre and wife. I. N. Rosekrans. G.
O Ryden. Emll Streuber. J. A. Keller. Miss
J Stokes. George R. Evans, Mrs. G. R. Evans.
F'. H. Smith, Mrs. L. R.. Clerve, Mrs. A. O'NeU
and chid, M. E. Verg and wife. W. Armstrong.
James Suret. II. W. Ayer» and wife, T. H.
Morris. C. M. Farrell. L. M. Hale, George
Moore, A. McLaren, J. F. Revalt, W. L.
Adams. Mlci Bert*. R. T. Lyons. T. J. Lyons.
Ed McKlnnle, A., Evalt. wife and child; Ed.
Cotton, O. M. Franklin, H. E. Rudel. H. M.
Terry. George F. Mulcahy. From Alameda —
Mr and Mrs. E. v Woodln. Mlsa Elsla Woodln,
Miss Mabel Woodln. Miss Clarence Woodln.
Dr. and Mrs. Edgar Painter. From Santa
Rosa— Mr. and Mrs. II. H. Madsen. Miss Dor
thea Madsen, Miss Jeanne Madsen. Herbert
Madsen. Mr. and Mrs. O. Frank Leppo. Mrs.
D Leppo, Miss Lulu Leppo. E. L. Flnley. C.
A. Page From Oakland— Miss Lillian Breil
lng. Mrs. Price, C. N. Kurks and wife. From
Redwood City— Harold O. Helner. Gus H.
Mullen. C. E. Hogan. From Mill Valley— Miss
E. 8. Pooley. Howard Gordon. Mrs. F. Hamil
ton. From Roas— Aug. J. Lang. From Larks,
pur— H. XV. L, Gardener. From Camp Meeker
ilo. A Forster. William A. Mitchell.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS — From San Francisco:
August Uhlenbrock. J. F. Dolan, August
Wethe Mathllde WiUricb. Rev. N. E Mc-
Goush'. A. W. Johnson. Ernest Cannon. Oeorse
Marshall. Edward Harris, Mrs. H. Hubbard.
Mrs. S. Smith, Mrs. Carrie A. "Wilson. Alias
Maude A. Wilson. Fred Suhr Jr. and wife, Wil
liam Wieboldt. T J. Carroll, P. M. Whelan, A.
Czarneck! and wife. Miss Sophie Csarneckl,
Miss Lucy Csarneekl. Mis* Helen Czarnecki.
Master Frank Czarnecki. Mrs. J. J. Meyer.
Miss Mildred Meyer, Miss Franclne Vldean.
Miss Mae Reynolds, Jack Reynolds. Charles
Coey. Miss Mabel (Joey. J. J. Edmonds, N. A.
Edmonds. William J. llottua, N. A. Hottua.
William M. Magulre. M. Magulre and wife.
Joseph Melody, H. Tasche. John Peters. Adolf h
Dlttmcn. John Verdenhalvers, Mrs. - J. Heit
mann.MI.sa Elsie Heltman. CM. Ford, wire
and daughter; Robert L. Osborne and wife.
40
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
MRS. NETTIE KARBIflOVB
LATEST PORTRAIT.
I« the best evidence Z have that my
treatment and my preparation* will
make yon beautif oL Z use what Z recom-
mend yon to use.
Z GUARANTEE my personal office
treatment to remove
pkeckx.es. red rose
moth patches. blood disease.
i*imples. ked veins,
black heads. kkesh worms
moles, eczema,
warts, elkmishes
6upekflrot:s hair. sunken look
WRINKLES. FALLING HAIH
THIN ETEBROTTS, DANDRUFF
PV6TULES. HOLLOW CHEEKS
DISFIGUREMENTS. YELLOW SKIN
FITTINGS. ROUGH SKIN," '
I Remore All Blemishes.
No Charge for Adyice.
ffrmssntrous bazb fermaitekt-
IiT EEKOVED BT THE SX.EC-
TJtlC ITEEDLE. ABSOLUTELY
BO FAZZ.UBE.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST,
140 Geary Street San Francisco
HOTEL DEL MONTE
ANNOUNCES
S P O R T S
POLO AND RACES— August 1 to 8, undfr
the auspices of the Pacific Coast Polo and
Pony Ilacinr Association, R. M. Tobin Secre-
tary- Entrlea to end Information from 151
Crocker Bulldlw, San Francisco.
AUTOMOBILE RUK— Auruet C to 11. from
Ean Francisco, lncludixir meet at Del Monte
under the auspices of the Automobile Club of
California, F. A. Hyde President. Entries to
l&l Crocker Bulldlat, Ean Francisco.
GOLF TOURNAMENT— AugUFt 24 to 31
under auspice* of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation. R. Gllman Brown Secretary. Entries
to 310 Fine street, Ean Francisco.
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP. TEAM MATCH
for Byrne Cup, North vs. South.
DEL MONTE CUPS — Amateur Tournament,
I^adier' Tournament.
' jzxtrsosv nrss w££/r - «tMzz ojt
f*zx/r£
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other facial blexnishea are removed fc»
UK. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho.
building;, 3170 Market street, cor. Taylor, room*
S&-29. »iih the electric needle without pain or
•car; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
2TEWMA1T A LEVDfSON, ,
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Our New Notion Department
(Mala Floor Annex — Sutter Street)
To-day we specially call attention to our Notion Department, now occupying the entire main
floor of our new. Annex — Everything needed in the way of notions for dressmaking and fancy work is
here in great variety, as well as scores of toilet necessities :
EMBROIDERY SILKS, BATTENBERG MATERIALS, YARNS, KNITTING COTTONS, BEADS,
SPANGLES, FANCY WORK MATERIALS, BUTTONS, BELTS, BELT BUCKLES, FANS,
SHELL COMBS, CHAINS, UMBRELLAS, LEATHER GOODS, SILVERWARE, GUN METAL
NOVELTIES, OPERA BAGS. COMBS, BRUSHES, FANCY and STAPLE NOTIONS, etc, etc.
A Notion Department that ranks with the largest and best in the world — Every dressmaker and
housewife in San Francisco should pay this section a visit. For Monday we make the following very
tempting introductory offerings : \
Horn Hair Pins, shell or amber, per dozen ~ 25c Pearl Head Hatpins, fancy colors, each - JJ^
Imitation Shell" Hair Pins, large loop, each 25c Flashskins, excellent for polishing metals, each — *«»
Shell Barette Combs, newest shapes, each 25c Cube Pins, containing ioo pins; per cube - •.*
Rubber Dressing Combs, good quality, each 35c Fancv Frilled Silk Elastic, all shades, per yard -30c
Hair Brushes, fine quality bristles, each 85c Finishing: Braids, 6 yard pieces, white, per piece - «»
Dress Shields, white rubber, doublccovered, pair 25c i Celluloid Corset Protectors, good and strong, each 25c
Hose Supporters, to sew en the corset, heavy silk elastic, Gilt and Oxidized Belt Buckles, large variety of new
all colors, per pair .'. 25c designs and shapes, each 50c
Opening of Our New Quarters for
Linens, Towels, Bed Spreads and Sheets
(Second Floor Annex — Sutter Street)
Our. New Housefurnishing Department is now one of the most complete of its kind anywhere —
The housekeeper will find it an ideal shopping place, being lighted and ventilated in the most modern
and perfect manner — of course in harmony with our general methods, qualities will be the best
obtainable and prices the very lowest — These specials for to-morrow:
Table Linen Offerings Excellent Spread Values
60 inch.' Bleached Table Linens, special per yard ~~ 65c White Honeycomb Bed Spreads, for large size bed In a
66 Inch. Bleached Table Linens, various designs, yd 75c variety of handsome Marseilles patterns; special at ...f I.J5
72 inch. Bleached Table Linens, extra heavy quality.yd. 85c I2 . 4 White Marseilles Bed Spreads, in a large line of
72 inch. Double Satin Damask Table Linens, per yd...$J.25 pretty designs; exceptionally fine quality for |235
Sale of Towels Bed Sheets and Slips
Cotton Huckaback Towels, fringed ends,, per doz ~ 50c Bed Sheets, size 81x90 inch., sale price ~ ~.— 45c
Bleached Cotton Huckaback Towels, special per doz.. 75c Bed Sheets, size 90x90 inch., sale price « 65c
Bleached Cotton Huckaback Towels, hemmed, doz....fJ.OO Pillow Slips, size 45x36 inch., sale price — 10c
Bleached Huckaback Towels, extra large size.per doz~|J.25 Pillow Slips, size 50x36 inch., sale price.. J2Jc
Sale of Battenberg Art Linens css^)
We place on sale to-morrow several large purchases of fine imported hand made Point Lace Art
Linens, with exquisite Battenberg lace borders and fine linen centers— all are in the newest designs.
The magnitude of these purchases allows us to price them vastly lower than ever before known
for similar goods:
Doylies 9x9 inch., worth 85c now- 60c Center Pieces, 18 inch-, worth $ 2.50 now ~ -..$1.85
Doylies 12 x 12 inch., worth fi.25 now — 90c Center Pieces, 20 inch., worth $ 2.85 now - —12.00
Trays 9 x n inch., worth $1.10 now 75c Center Pieces, 30 inch., worth $ 7-75now~
Trays 12 x 18 inch., worth S1.85 now $1.25 Scarfs, 20x36 Inch., worth $ 6^0 now 14.50
Squares 18 x 18 inch., worth I2.50 now 51.85 Scarfs, 20x45 inch., worth $ 7.75 now » -$5.50
Squares 20x20 inch., worth J3.75 now $2.50 Scarfs, 20x63 inch., worth In. 50 now.. _$8.50
Squares 24 x 24 inch., worth 54.85 now $3.50 Scarfs, 20 x 72 Inch., worth I14.50 now $9.50
Stirring Values in Fancy Silks (Bejs)
If ever you wished to buy handsome Silk for a waist or suit at less than the regular price, you
cannot afford to pass this — We offer to-morrow a splendid collection of Taffeta and Zenobia Silks,
latest black effects on white ground, in the richest of Pekin, Embroidered and Flowered _ '
Stripes — Silks that have sold up till now at $1.50 per. yard — Monday special sale price... *pl«UU
Ladies' Wash Dresses Reduced (^sys?)
In order to effect a quick clearance we have reduced prices on our entire stock of Shirtwaist
Suits — They are all in this season's newest styles, made of the choicest materials, such as Lawn,
Swiss, Linen. Mull and Madras— They're reduced in price this way :
SHIRT WAIST SUITS FORMERLY S 7.75, $ 8.25 and $ 9.75 a Suit, NOW ...- $ 6.00
SHIRT WAIST SUITS FORMERLY $11.50, $12.00 and I12.75 a Suit, NOW $ 7.50
SHIRT WAIST SUITS FORMERLY I18.00, I21.C0 and $23.00 a Suit, NOW .....$14.50
Sale of Ladies' Outing Skirts GSiysr)'.
Three excellent values for to-morrow — Skirts full of style — strictly up-to-date in every way —
Just'the thing for summer wear — and prices were never so low : \
Wash Dress Skirts, made of fine Wash Dress Skirts, made of fine Wash Dress Skirts, of extra heavy
'•"nlity white Pique, in neatest of Linen, strictly tailor made, finished Linen, made with circular flounce
p 'lka dot effects and trimmed with with fancy tucked flounce, stylish neatly trimmed with cluster tucks
insertion — ¦ '• Regular price, flare bottom, were gocd vjlue at $5.00, and hem; tailor finish — Reduced from
to.50, now now |6.oo to
$2.85 $3.85 $4.75
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any addressDuring the last year California produced
twice as much gold as Alaska, and Colo
rado produced more than three Unas *a
much. .^ '*";
On the evening of Jane 17. the council
tendered ' a reception to Mr. and Mrs. B.
C. McBride and ' presented the newly
wedded pair a beautiful parlor clock. This
council recently decided that when two
members of the council shall marry, tho
council will tender the couple a reception
and then present a clock with the coun-.
cil's congratulations and best wishes. On
Sunday, July 12. . the members of this
council will take a bur ride to Wild Cat
Canyon, where the party will enjoy a
family outinsc and lunch al fresco. Tho
affair will be under the suz>ervlsion of
George.A. Little. .The term of this coun
cil has been a vefy satisfactory one and
it has beenvery successful In the line of
social entertainments.
Isabella Beach, councilor: Jos!* ChrUtecsan.
assistant councilor: Adel« Hornleln. rice coun
cilor; Emma. Koosman. assistant vie* coun
cilor: Carrie Sproul. Junior ei-councllor: Ruby
Hamberger, Junior ex-councllor: Laura Cantus.
financial eecretary: Mrs. M. Thompson, treas
urer: Barbara Schaertzer, jruldo; W. W.
Thompson, inside, and W. H.- Norton, outsldu
sruard ; 4 Mrs. - 1. • Couch, 1 Frank Haley and A.
C. Steiger, trustees. , . **/'-*'> :
CALIFORNIA COUNCIL of th«
Daughters of Liberty has elected
the following named officers for ths
ensuing term:
Daughters of Liberty.
The social committee of Monadnock
Tribe is arranging for a ball to be given
at an early date.
Requa and Hoopa .tribes are arrang
ing for a large class adoption at Eu
reka this month, and the work will be
done by one of the degree teams from
this city.
r the last held council of Altahmos
£— j Tribe, Improved Order of Red Men.
V the following named were raised up
as the new chiefs for the current term:
H. M. Blankeath, sachem: Dr. A. L. La
coste, senior sagamore; William Welsh.
Junior sagamore; H. Offenkamp. prophet;
C. Jacobs on, chief of records; John Han
sen, keeper of wampum; Frank Hardy,
collector of wampum; J. H. Fitzgerald,
first sannap; A. Trabold, second sannap;
H. Benson, guard of the forest; M. Car
man, guard of the wigwam: G. W. Baltic.
trustee. The council fire being quenched,
all the chiefs, braves and warriors re
tired to the long room, where all enjoyed
a feast of corn and venison, and thero
were long and short talks. This trlbo
now has a membership of 400. The social
club of this tribe will have an outing to
and picnic at El Campo' to-day.
The Red Men.
guards; A. Roberts, second master of tha
guards; F. Morrison, sentinel, and J.
Roberts, picket. Charles. Hatch Is the
junior past commander. The Installation
was by Sir Knight James Boyer.
Golden West Tent at its review last
Tuesday night had eight candidates to
Initiate. In the past six months this teat
has made a net gain of eighty In mem
bership. The new officers of the tent will
be installed in public next Tuesday night,
after which there will be a short pro
gramme of entertainment.
Knights of Maccabees.
PACIFIC TENT of the Knights of
the Maccabees at its last held re
view. had"the following named of
ficers installed for the current term: A.
Traube, commander; J.' M.' 1 Carlson, lieu
tenant commander: Sol Lewis, record
keeper; T. D. Davis, finance-keeper; ¦ Dr.
D. .A. Alberti, chaplain; H. F. Laumeis
ter, sergeant; F. Arnold, master at arms;
T. E. Levinson, first vjaaater of the
NOBLE GRAND ARCH BECK has
issued his first proclamation to the
members of the order, requesting
the co-operation of all to assist him in In
creasing the limits of the order. In this
he .also gives instructions to the grand
officers under him, the district deputies,
and to the officers of the subordinate
groves. He commends the degree of merit
or Elvin Degree which was started last
year by the Noble Grand Arch Gugliel
moni as a reward for meritorious work,
and announced that it shall be continued
during his . term. The noble grand arch
has also issued the commissions to the
Druidism.
GOLDEN STATE Council of Oakland
last evening entertained the
supreme officers and , represen
tatives to the Supreme Council
that is to meet in this city on
Tuesday. ¦ To-day that council will
take its , guests on ' a bay excursion. At
the close of the- supreme session, July 16,
there will be a grand ball in honor of the
new officers and of the representatives in
Golden , Gate Hall, given under the aus
pices of Volunteer ¦ Council of this city.
All the councils of this city and of'Ala
meda County ¦ will take • part. ,
W. E. i Mallory . of Oregon, one . of the
'most actlVQ" 1 deputies of 'tho^ order, has
Order of Pendo.
AT the first meeting in July the fol
lowing were' Installed as officers of
Lincoln Lodge of Friends of the
Forest for the current term: Lillian Rin
ner, past president; J. Rinner, president;
Mae Burress, vice president; Mary E.
Schwelnhardt, chaplain; J. J. Getz, treas
urer; Miss N. Clark, recording secretary;
Mrs. A. E. Craig, financial secretary; M.
Barrett, marshal; Mrs. J. Mertz, warden;
Mrs. Burress, guardian; Mrs. Prescott,
sentinel; Mrs. Fetter, organist. After the
installation, which was witnessed by Su
preme President Llllie A. Dygert, and
other supreme officers, there was the
presentation : of a' handsome pin.and'a
past president's collar by Past Supreme
President Mrs. . Davidson, on behalf, of
the lodge, to Mrs. Rinner, the retiring
president. >»f ter t)ie close of the lodge
there was a short programme of enter
tainment and a collation.
On the evening of July 7 Past President
Mrs. Trennell Installed the officers, of
Pioneer Lodge .with the- assistance, of
Supreme Marshal" Mrs. Rinner la the
Friends of Forest.
Woman's Relief Corps.
JAMES A. GARFIELJ> CORPS. W. R.
C, at Its last meeting Ja June was
visited by Department President Mrs.
L. Shepard and Department Counselor
Mrs. Cora MerrltL Under good of the
order each visitor gave expression of grat
ification at the increase of membership
in the jjorps and the prospects .of good
work. Later in the evening the corps
was officially visited by Past Commander
Cohn of Garfleld i/ost. He made a num
ber of valuable suggestions for the co
operation of posts and. corps which were
received with hearty indorsement by the
corps. This corps" will change its meet-
Ing night3 to the first and third /Tuesday
of each month; so as to conform to the
meeting nights of the post. The corps
will move into large quarters, opposite
those of the post. in the . Foresters* Hall,
Alcazar building.
The grand president has returned to her
home in Santa Cruz after having ha«
some experience with some of the local
Native Daughters.as to how to run the
order.
MINERVA l'arlor No. 2, Native
Daughters, of the Golden West,
has had many calls on its fund for
the sick of the parlor during the past six
months, and in order to raise money to
replenish it the parlor has planned a fan
and parasol party to be given in Union
Square Hair on the evening of Wednes
day, July 29, A first-class and energetic
committee of arrangements has been ap
pointed to attend to the details of this
affair, which, it is said, will be a novelty
In the fraternal social line.
Miss Laura J. Frakes, grand secretary,
bas returned to her official station after, a
two weeks' absence at the bedside of her
mother In Sutter Creek, who for a time
was so HI that it was thought she would
pass away at any moment. She has im
proved, but Is yet an invalid.
All ' the local parlors are making ar
rangements for the installation of the
new officers.
Native Daughters.
HARMONY Chapter No. 124, O. E. S.,
at its last held session in June,
elected a number of r.ppllcants to
receive the degrees. The attendance was
large and the interest In the proceedings
of the evening Intense. Mrs. Elizabeth
Virginia Gould, the worthy matron, is
winning distinction as a presiding officer
and Is most ably assisted by Worthy
Patron Beadle, .who is ar. expert in su
perintending the navigation of seagoing
crafts. The chapter upholds the force cjt
its name, for It maintains perfect har
mony among its members, all of whom
are enthusiastically doing their best to
maintain the reputation of the chapter
for the most enjoyable kind of sociability.
• Quite a number of the Eastern Starltes
are spending their vacation in the Tosem
ite Valley. They endeavored } to but
failed to secure the personal attendance
of John Tonnlngsen, the prospective
grand patron, as their official guide, he
having recently returned from there, but
they were so well posted by him before
they left that they will not get lost in the
labyrinth of the wonderland of California
nor miss any of the beauties thereof.
Olive Branch Chapter will receive a
visit from the, grand matron and the
grand patron at a special meeting to
morrow and extensive preparations have
been made for the recepticTn of officials
and all members of the order.
The Eastern Star.
Bicycle race — "W. M. Bpellman (black) vs.
S. Shlndler (red); California Cycling Club.
Boxing contest — Barney . Driscoll vs. AI. El
klns;'California Cycling Club. \__
Feats In Equilibrium — Charlea Gammon, Cal
ifornia Cycling Club.
Boxing contest— L. E. Clifton vs. Wesley
Cadger. California Cycling Club. " " " ;
Bicycle race— Ernest Hitchcock (black) vs.
B J. Elliott (red); California Cycling Club,
Spanish Rings— Len Buck. -1 -
Boxing contest-f-Connelly vs. Murray, Rose
dale Athletic Club.
Bicycle race — Warren Brown (black) vs.
Andrew Carl (red). California Cycling Club.
The officers of Oakland Camp No. 94
initiated a class of candidates, for Hay
wards Camp on Friday evening.
• Woodcraft.
GOLDEN WEST Camp of the Wood
men of the World had a gentle
man's night in Excelsior Hall July
2. There was a full house and the audi
ence was entertained with a programme
under the direction of the following named
neighbors, who were the committee of
arrangements: J. Prader, Grant W. Ga
gen and T. F. Pottoff. The programme
was as follows:
presence of a large number of past and
present officers of the order and many
members. The new officials are: Friend
McPhun, past president; Mary E. Me-
Lane, president; Friend Hyman, vice
president; Friend Bernstein, chaplain;
Friend Scholten, financial and Friend
Prescott recording -secretary; Friend
Kruse, treasurer; Friend Triget, marshal;
Friend Mitchell, warden; Friend Grant,
guard and Friend Collins, sentlnej. The
installation was followed by the presenta«
tion of an emblematic pin to Friend Mc-
Phun, the retiring president, by Past
Supreme President Mrs. A. Boehm on be
half of her friends in the lodge, after
which Supreme President Mrs. Dygert
presented the- same' friend a beautifully
embroidered collar of .the rank she now
holds in the order, a gift from the lodge,
in appreciation of her faithful work dur
ing her term. After adjournment there
was a march to the banquet hall in the
A. O, F. building, where an excellent
banquet was partaken of and under the
toastmastershlp of Max Boehm, D. G. O.
T. O. There were a number of toasts by
the supreme officers, past officers and the
new and retiring officers of the lodge. The
Jolly gathering did not break up until
after midnight. , "
been in this city working in the Interest
of Volunteer" Council, and as a result of
his work, the council on next Wednesday
will initiate twenty-five strangers Into the
order. This council will give a social in
the assembly hall of the A. O. F. build
ing on July 18.
Deputy Supreme Oreanizer J. T. Tug
well is at work for Golden Gate Lodge
of Oakland, with every prospect of mak
ing a fine showing for that subordinate.
This lodge will entertain the supreme of
ficers /md delegates to the Supreme Coun
cil that is to meet in this city on Tues
day.
The officers of Silver Spray Lodge of
the Degree of Honor will be installed July
25, those of Forget-Me-Not Lodge July
25 and Carnation Lodge July 29. The in
stallation of the last named lodge will be
public.
Grand Recorder Miss Loretta B. Don
nelley has gone on' a vacation for a month
and during her Mrs. Linda G.
Malloy is acting grand recorder.
To-mofrow night there will be a Joint
installation in Fraternal Hall, Oakland,
of the officers of Oakleaf Lodge of the A.
O. U. W. and of Ivy Lodge of the Degree
of Honor. An invitation has been extend
ed to the lodges of Alameda County and
those of San Francisco to attend.
It is evident that the membership at
large will not fully appreciate th© new
plan until it is presented In print./
Trfe grand organizer paid a visit last
Tuesday night to the lofclge In Ocean View
and delivered an address on that which
most affects the members at this time—
the new rates. The same evening there
was a meeting of the members of Alta
Ixidge and the Past Masters' Association,
at which the new rates were discussed.
Grand Organizer Freeman states that
since the first of the current year there
has been a gain In membership every
month.
On Monday, July 6, the Past Masters'
Association held a meeting in the Shlels
building, when those present were ad
dressed by Deputy Grand Master Hirsh
berg and Grand Organizer Freeman, who
were representatives to the Supreme
Lodge. The talks were on the subject
of the change of rates. There were some
who understood the speakers and many
more who were at a loss to master the
intricacies of the new plan of assessments
and It was evident that it will require a
number of explanations by those who as
sert that they are familiar with the new
rates to educate the membership of the
order in the new conditions.
Last Wednesday night the grand organ
izer held a meeting with his special depu
ties to educate them in the new plan and
next week the deputy grand master will
tell the local district deputies what he
knows of the_new plan, so they may tell
the lodges In their respective districts
what has been told them.
MAGNOLIA LODGE No. 41, Ancient
Order United Workmen, will cel
ebrate the silver anniversary of
its institution by an entertainment and
dance In Golden Gato Hall on the evening
of July 14. The programme will be start
ed at 8:15 o'clock and dancing will com
mence at 10.
The Workmen.
AT HOTEL VENDOME. SAN JOSE— From
Fan Franci.sco— Mr. and Mrs. John E. Qulnn.
K J. Sovcy Mrs. William Hendrickson Jr. and
RiaJd. John'W. Ryland. A. W. Dew and wife,
K. II. Plat*. Mis-s Plat*. Fred Greenwood, J.
C. Bothin. M'Iff Lulu V Bothln. Miss Elna
Miller. Mr. and Mrs-. E. H. liradley. Mrs. J. J.
liowen, J. P. Blair. Thomas II. Browne, Alfred
F Rix and wife, Ed F. Armstrong, Allen S.
Neat. E. IJ. Belcher. Mips IV.lcher, George A.
Melbourne and wif*-, F. P. Powell, H. Arnhold
end wife, Mies- Adel Arnhold. Albert C. Har
mon. F. H. Harmon. Mrs. William S. Hoch
rtadt«-r. J. E. Hochstadter. Philip I. Fisher.
Mi** Ros« A. Fith*-r. Mr. and Mr*. A. A. Moore
Jr.. Carlos F. de Brna. L. B. Davis. Miss H.
Davis. Jules Clrrfoyt. Mrs. E. Lyons. Mr. and
Mrs Henry Kahn. Miss Madelina Kahn and
maid. Mis? Ruth Hutohlnson, Mrs. Hugh
Hugties, WIlMam H. Klr.p, James Hogg and
AT DUNCAN SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco: Clalr Gordon. E. F. Schultx. H. M.
lleinen-.an, F. B. Wetherbee, C. Mcllersh, Sara
Well. George McKtan. Miss Hilda McKean.
Miss Ada Jenkins, George Dolan. Miss Self
ridge. I^eon Levy and wife, Mrs. J. T. Jones.
Davil Jones. Raymond Jones. MIfs Elvira
Thomas, L. E. Fullwider and wife. Mrs. L. E.
Fullwider. Earl Fullwider. Charles Lehman,
Armand Lenhardt. G. A. Sturdevant. Mrs. G.
A Sturdevant. Miss Fine. From Oakland —
Mrs. John Cox. John Cox Jr.. Miss Florence
Cox. G*-onr* Cox. MIm Idella McCormick. Mrs.
P. Gallagher. M!sf May Gallagher, Mr. and
Mrs. David Murray and family, George Gal
lagher. From Berkeley — W. H. Bone. Mrs. S.
T.. Atk:rj">n. From Petaluma — Mrs. Tresdwell.
From Pasadena — MrF. H^ad. From Healds
fcurg — Albert Uloch. Miss Carr!» Walker. From
Farta Ro^a — Mi^s B. Jacobs, Mr*. A. B. Ware,
Miss LIUie Ware. From San Rafael— F. Sax
ton and wife. J. Kmmett Haydc-n. From Ukiah
—Mr. 2nd Mrs. F. W. Dart.
AT LAt'REL DELL — From Pan Francisco:
A. Bobleter. D. W. Long and wife, R. D. Duke,
A. C. Davis and wire, J. Pundt. J. S. Auer
bach. L. H. SusFman, J.D.Leilerrcan and wife,
L. Straffburger. Mjfs Ftras^burger, Mrs. A. E.
Omey. Mi** Omry. L. Pddau, E. W. Hall.
-ln«? Zuekerman. G. A. Dolan. J. F. Dolan. Dr.
W. C. Voorsanger. A. W. Vonrsanger. S. L.
Marks. T. W. Tctl^y. G. F. Kelly, Mary Louise
Kelly. Gertrude I. InKham, Edward Metzger
«nd wife. Walter Fox. Louis Metzger. Mrs. C.
Huth. Mre. Harry BufJi and children, Octavius
I'iFtolPsl. O. L. Koop. Stephen Rau, Walter
I'.-uhchiid. Joe Mayer, Albert M. Getz. Miss A.
Kilday. T. O'Dwyer and wife. Henry Hllp.
Luke Flynn. M. Auerbach, E. Fitzgerald, J.
T-'ord, H. Wurkheim, W. F. Lannon. W. J.
Daley. E. I. Merkle, Edw. T. Gage. Mrs. I.
M. Reynolds. Mre. O. 15. Phcljis, MiFS M.
Sjarks. R. F. Halght and wife. Mrs. L. W.
"'rcj'P^r. Malcolm Cropper, W.\W. Keller. G.
K. French, A. L. Gage, C. A. Rindeirpacher.
IZdythe V. Lcavy. Miss L. McCullough, W.
FififU and wite. From Oakland— J. W. Swent.
W. E. IX-an and wife. Miss Edna Smith. Miss
J"Fie Smith. From Berkeley — Mrs. E. G.
Dulin, Elhlyn Dulia, Ned Dulin. Kenneth
Dulin. From Erneria— W. D. McKay, F. S.
McKay. From Elrr.hurst— Mrs. H. C. Olsen,
Mr* K. Hoffman. From I'kiab — T. L. Cun
ningham. Mrs. Jewell. Charles Grieshelmer.
Mrs. Oharies GriefbefxaflT. Mi^s Inez f'ooi^r,
W. II. Cooper. From Petaiuma — Joseph Lynch.
Fnra Pan Mate© — J. S. LMcLJp. Frnm AntiocU
. — \V. W. BelyJiaw. Froro Woodland — Harry
HuFtcr From Sawtelle^ — Thomaa Wiseman.
From AIsm»>tJa — Albert Frank. From Wil
mington. 111.— Mr5. M. L. Taylor. M. L. Tay
lor. Sadie E. Taylor, J. L. Taylor. From Chi
cago, III. — J. C. Knox and wife. Miss Edythc
Kr.ox and maid. From St. Louis, Mo. — J. C.
Johneon. C. T. Bedell.
AT SARATOGA SPRINGS— From Fresno:
Mr. and Mrs. George L. Johnson, Miss Ino
Johnson, Gcorgre B. Rowell. From Woodbrldse
— S. F. Co%*ell. From Modesto — Mrs. L. A.
Finay. MIfs Finay. From Woodland — H. L..
Huston. From New Tork — Louise Orney, Eth
iyn Dulln. From Alameda — John Martins, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank A. Walllns, Baby Walllns.
From Oakland — A. Vitringa. From San Fran
(.| FC o— Mr. and Mrs. Edward G. Koenier, three
children and nurse: H. D. Nlenhaus. Mr. and
Mrs. F. Jordan, Mr. and Mrs. T. O'Dwyer,
E. B. Ro«enberger. Miss Sarah Carroll. Miss
Agnes Haffen, C. Blunck, A. Christensen. W.
WankowiBkle Jr.. Carlos C. Delcuro, H. F.
Schlle, Mr. and Mrs. M. Prince, Ray Prince,
Miss Lotti« Em?!*. Mies Edith Engle. F. S.
Norman. W. D. Chick, Miss Ella Bales. Mips
E. Sparks. From Montana — Mrs. R. A. Porter.
AT VICHY SPRINGS— From San Francisco:
Mr. and Mrs. L. Bine, MJs« Bine, M1j>b H. God
chaux. Mr. and Mrs. Westenhaver, Miss Han
lfr. Miss A. Han^y, R. E. Kearon, George
Dolan. Joseph Dolan, Mr. and Mn. W. Cald
well. Mr. and Mrs. W. GaskiU. Mr. and Mrs.
O'Brien and son, Mr. and/Mrs. 1». Lemos, Mr.
and Mrs. L. F. le Prott/ I. U Phillips. Mr.
and Mrs. Newberg. Mr. and Mre. A. L.. Lundy,
Mr?. C. A Baxter. W. B. Caldwell, F. J. Klppy,
E. G. Williams. M. Schweitzer. R. Meyer. D.
Foley, Mrs. Howard and family. C. W. Kel-
Iopk. C. Ij. Hewer and wife. M. Bond. M. Mon
tajrue, Mrs. Steam, Mrs. T. W. Brotherton.
Brotherton, J. M. Mannon Jr.. Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Mannon, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ij. Brown,
Miss Madiue Ellis, Ml*s Bessie McGarvey.
Frank Nutter, Frank Barker. Miss Nathan,
Mr. and Mrs. Echinkel and family. Miss It.
Stolz. Miss M. Stolz, Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Car
others. Mr. and Mrs. Morehouse, W. Cramsle,
Mlse H S. Baxter, M. Kavarmeh, Mr. and Mrs.
H TV'. Westphal. Dolphle Westphal, Mrs. H.
C. Langrehr. Miss E. Langrehr, Mrs. L. Bruck
man, Miss Grace Bruekman. Miss Viola Bruck
man. Mr. and Mrs. H. Bloom, Mr. and Mrs.
tZ O. Dryer, Miss A. Kllday, Mrs. A. L.
Brown, Miss M. I. Wynne, Miss A. C. Wynne,
James McLean, 8. Dlnsmore, Mrs. L. Clark.
Mrs. R. I>vy. Miss A. McCullough. Mr. and
Mrs. A. V*. King. Miss Pearl Taylor. E. F.
Rchutze Miss B. Arthur. Miss E. Hudson,
Miss Gertrude Rederneyer. Miss Evelyn Rede
meyer. From Honolulu — F. C. Williams, Gus
Teubeur. From Galveston, Tex. — MIes E.
Hir.ton.
wife, Mrs. J. H. Dimock, Mrs. Peter Hopkins,
Mrs. C. A. McBryde. tVMiam Cerkel and wife,
Mr. and Mr?. J P. Jackpon. Bert Gordon.
Mme L, A. Sorbler. Miss Marie Sorhler, Ix>u!s
Ionian, Henry Mever, Ed Haven, K. Gallisas
Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. wV. Campbell. J. S. New
man. Miss Mlldred~ewman, Toby G. Hughes
and tvife. S. L,. M. Starr. Mrs. S. L.. M. Starr,
Mrs. M. S. Griffith. F. B. Zahrn and wife, Mr.
and llrs. Charles C. Moore. It. Lloyd, Mr. and
Mr*. G. Herzop. Hufro A. Waterman. Herbert
S. "Waterman. Miss K!!a X. Waterman. Clar
ence H. Phillips S. Stewart Hawley. Mrs. M.
II. Stewart, B. T Alexander. l>o Alexander.
MIfs H P. Alexander. P. L. Davis. Miss Kthel
T. Davis. Mrs. \\\ IX i-'hawhan. 11. N. Xason,
M. G. Hart. Charles J. I. Devlin, Miss M. F.
Devlin. M. Rail!:.. Henry Green and wife. E.
II. Chapman and. wife, Mrs. George Haas, Mrs.
M A Cachot. G. H. Klliott. wife and child:
Charles J'.a-sjni and wife. A. D. Cusuer and
wife, Mrs. J. S. J-Ietcher. George I>. Watkins.
J. G. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pullivan, Noel
Sullivan, Mis* Mabel Hogg. Miss Florence Cal
laprhan, W. K. Saunders, ITTchard Burke, W.
Kurke. Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Splivalo, Miss
BpIlTalO, Mifs Marfson. E. H. Selby. A. Syl
vester, D. E. O'Conne'.l, Claude M. Starr,
George Pettinrill. E. G. Starr, P. F. Rockett,
Mrs. C S. Middleton. MIfs J. Feusier. Miss H.
15. Foulks, P.. F. Dengley, John F. Hadler. L,.
S. Simons. C. E. Gilman. J. H. Houseman.
Paul t^ymonds. F. J. Maiden and wife. William
Mooser. D. C. Schweitzer and wife, Isaac Up
ham. James K. Wilson, G. H. Conaught. Mrs.
James M. Goewey, Mrs. L. S. Spencer. Mr.
and Mr?. C. G. H. McBrlde, S. E. Epler, A.
W. L»ffler, J. C. Schulte, Rudolph Herold.
Continued Frcm Page Forty.
AT THE RESORTS
Grand Prelate D. C. Clarke announces
the following visitations: July 7 to Cen
tennial Lodge, Stockton; July 8 to Char
ter Oak Lodce, same place: July 9 to
Nemo Lodge, same place; July 10 to Gait
Lodge, Gait; July 11 to Lodi Lodge, Lodi;
July 13 to Sacramento Lodge, Sacramen
to; July 14 to Confidence Lodge, same
place; July 15 to Capitol Lodge, same
place; July 16 to Columbia Lodge, same
place; July 17 to Folsom Lodge. Folsom;
July 18 to Courtland Lodge, Courtland;
July 20 to Piedmont Lodge, Oakland; July
21 to DIrlgo Lodge, same place;: July 22 to
Live Oak Lodge, same place; July 23 to
Oakland Lodge, same place; July 24 to
Alameda Lodge, Alameda, and July 25 to
San Leandro Lodge, San Leandro.
Grand Chancellor Sargent is arranging
for a number of visitations to lodges dur
ing the current month.
The new lodire at Carvllle, which has
been named Triangle, was instituted last
week with a good charter membership by
P. Culter, special deputy.
Golden City Lodge No. 63 has organ
ized a team to confer the page rank in
long form. Last Friday the lodge had its
officers Installed for the current term,
after which there was a social hour.
Grand Vice Chancellor R. F. Burns was
married a few days . since. He and his
bride have gone to Iowa on a wedding
trip.
EUREKA LODGE of the Knight* of
Pythias had a busy session on the
first Friday in July, when a large
assemblage of members "of the order wit
nessed the conferring of the knight rank
In long form on a number of esquires by
the lodge's perfect team. It was the sec
ond appearance of the team clad in new
robes and the work was performed in a
manner that places the team as second to
none in the entire domain. After the de
gree the new officers of the lodge were
Installed by Deputy Grand Chancellor E.
S. Belknap. They are: F. Kline, C. C;
P. G. Collum, V. G.; M. prelate;
G. II. Broderson. M. of W.;. J. W. C.
Beattle, K. of R. and S.; E. S. Belknap,
M. of F.: C. Oman, M. of E.; A. Moore
house, M. at A.; W. Rueffley, I. G.; C.
Broderson, O. G. After the installation
there was the presentation of a magnifi
cent jewel to the outgoing chancellor and
the Bervine of a supper.
Knights of Pythias.
During the installation season the full
board of deputies of the Companions of
the Forest. Ancient Order of Foresters,
has installed the officers for the current
term of Sherwood, Eureka, Ivanhoe, Fi
delity, Lincoln, Artemis, Bournemouth,
America, Justice and Santa Amanda cir
cles. These installations were all private;
that is. for members of the order only.
To-morrow night the board will publicly
install the officers of Mazzini Circle. There
will be a public installation of the officers
of Loyal Circle on July 21 and of those
of California Circle on July 24. The offi
cers of Washington Circle will be in
stalled in private July 14, those of Bo
hemian July 22 and those of Twin Peaks
July 23.
The following officers were installed
during the early part of the month for
Sherwood Circ'.e. C. of F. of A. O. F.:
May A. O'Brien. J. P. C. C: May Goley,
C. C: Alice O'Keefe, S. C. C; Effle Fer
guson, Tr.; Llllle Severance, F. S.; Carrie
Dambacher, R. S.: Mrs. Jonas, R. G.;
Annie O'Keefe. L. G.: M. Kuss. I. G.;
Kate Bridgewood, O. G.; Mme. Von Lin
derman f organist; Dr. A. Keenan, phy
sician. 'At the close of the ceremony a
beautiful emblematic pin was presented
to Mrs. O'Brien, the retiring chief com
panion, and then flowers were presented
to her ana to the new cnief.
Court Royal of Montreal. Canada, year
ly remembers the dead of the court, and
wherever >i.here are the remains of a de
ceased member there is sent to that place
a small emblematic flag bearing the name
of the court and the Union Jack, with a
request that the same be placed on the
grave of the deceased member. Last
week Permanent Secretary Falconer re
ceived such a flag from the court named
with a request that it be placed on the
last resting place of a! deceased member
whose Remains are at rest in Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
Ancient Foresters.
THE Board of Deputies of the Ancient
Order of Foresters has, since July
1. installed the. officers of the fol
lowing named courts: Twin Peaks, Sher
wood Forest. Star' of the Mission, Ger
man-America. Garfleld, Bournemouth,
Victoire f Apollo, Del Monte, Prosperity,
Wiersdale. Mazzini. Kensington, Eureka,
Concord, Washington, Oak Grove, Ivan
hoe, Occidental, Lincoln, Star of the West,
Bohemian and Golden Gate. On July 14
the board will install the officers of Court
Robin Hood, on July 18 those of Court
America ( and on July 2S those of Court
Justice. The installation of the officers
of Court Ivanhoe w*as a public one, and
after the ceremonv there was a pro
gramme of entertainment, during which
the juvenile band of the order showed its
proficiency by rendering several numbers.
The following appointments have been
announced: Committee on state of the
order. H. G. W. Dinkelsplel, A. "W. Hol
lis and Louis Smith; deputy grand re.
gents, J. H. Grovesteen of Argonaut
Council and G. H. Bartlett of Golden
West; district deputy grand regents, G.
B. Tully of Argonaut, H. B. Langille of
Golden West, W. V. N. Bay of Buena
Vista, A. H. Merrill of San Fcancisco,
Walter F. Lewis and Harry W. France
of Sierra and "W. E. Benedict of Alameda
Council.
The grand regent will pay an official
visit July 14 to Vallejo Council. He will
be accompanied by several members of
the order. The grand regent Is arranging
for a tour of visitations to the councils in
the southern part of the State. <( He wfli
be absent about thirty days during such
visitations. He will start at Sacramento
and from there move southerly as far as
San Diego.
Since last March the returns at head
quarters show a net gain of nearly 100
members.
Accompanied by several of the most
active members of the order, Grand Re
gent Gunzendorfer visited San Jose Coun
cil July 8 and was received with a cor
dial welcome. There was an exemplifica
tion of the work and addresses after that
by the visitors. This council added sev
eral members to its roll during the past
month.
During the month of June Golden "West
Council admitted flve strangers to mem
bership, and the council still has several
applications to act upon. The "smoke
talk" given by this council in the latter
part of June was a very enjoyable affair.
Orator Butterfield presided as master of
ceremonies and proved very efficient in
that position. There was a good pro
gramme of entertainment, with numbers
of the vaudeville order, which were well
rendered and received with hearty ap
plause. There were addresses by well
known members of the order, including
Grand Regent Gus Gunzendorfer. ,
At the last held meeting of Buena Vista
Council two candidates for membership
were elected and will be initiated at the
next /-meeting. In the absence of the
orator George L. Darling filled the sta
tion, and he was voted "a great success."
There were a number of visitors present
This council is Vapidly approaching the
100 mark in membership.
ARGONAUT , COUNCIL of the Royal
Arcanum at Its last held session
admitted two strangers by initia
tion and received three applications for
membership. The council adopted resolu
tions of sympathy for Ernest Duden, a
member, and his wife, who were injured
by the accident on the North Shore Rail
road.
Past Noble Grand Arches Judge Buck
and George W. Lovle. both of Redwood
City, were in this city last week and
called upon Grand Secretary James F.
Martinoni to congratulate' him on his re*
election.
Boadlcea Circle No. 3 will give a prize
dance In the social hall, Shlels building,
Saturday evening, July 18. ~
The first official visit by the head of the
order this term will be made to Stockton,
San Joaquln and Concordla Groves In
joint session in Stockton, July 14. On
the following night he will visit his home
grove In Llvermore, on which occasion
he will be tendered a reception in honor
of his elevation in the order. A number
of the grand officers will be present. •
There is to be the initiation of a class
of strangers in Oakland Grove at the end
of the current month.
During the latter part of the current
month the grove at Nlcasio will give a
ball in Its hall, which has recently been
thoroughly renovated.
Norma Grove of this city Initiated two
strangers at its last held meeting.
During the Fourth of July celebration
at "St. Helena, the Druids and Druidesses
of that place took' an active part. There
was in line a handsome float, on which
wlis represented a scene from the second
degree of the order, that wa» got up un
der the supervision of Past Noble Grand
Arch H. Lance.
various members he has selected as his
deputies for the year. ' *
FRATERNITIES
THE SAN fBAKCIECO CALl, SUNDAY, JTjiiY 12, 1903.
41
WWsper to Your Ladylove
SOMETHING NEW— SOMETHING FASCINATING
Ode to the Summer Girl
BY MARY E. WHKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Full-Page Pictures, . With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
[NEXT SUNDAY CALL I
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every Line of the "Letters From
a Self -Made Merchant to Hi3 Son," Called
Pastels in Pork No, 3 -
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BLIND "CATTLE KING"
\ YoaTI Simply Roar Over the Next j
Cj^COLO^DCOraC^ SUPPLEMENT j». \
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, Made Especially
for Framing,
BRYSON'S "LADY IN GREEN"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OSCH©KOS5©B©nOEOB«S«ttOE©LGB©HOHOE3©H©BOBOQ«aOB©
m e
I Dry Goods •*§iiiiiP Company. |
i — I
1 First !! s
I Man Tailored Ladies' Fall Suits I
E8 =============================================== H
A ®
g With Three Ouarter and Knee Length Coats in n
I Prices . . Prices I
5 — ¦ Cheviot, ¦— §
g S20 $40 g
I f 5 Cloth and !g S
• $27 $50 g
| $30 Mixed Fabrics gj |
¦ S35 $60 g
¦ ' ' ' ' I ' ¦
o o
¦ In Navy, Brown, Gray and Black, which in point of quali- B
Q ty for price, surpass all previous offerings. ¦
E (Second Floor.) See Window Display, q
O - • «
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
° Cctrr red StoiVtaa Streets. Union Square. O
•a«B«aoBeBOBeBOBeg»BOHoaogQBQHOHQgoaegSH®Boao
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Two-thirds of the inmates of our hospitals are women. They are in most cases either for treatnteni
or for an operation, made necessary by advanced stages of female troubles which have resulted in OYaritu,
a tumor, or displacement of the womb.
"AN OPERATION NECESSARY."
How these words after the examination strike terror to a woman's soul, and with what regrets s"h8
hears them, when she considers that the operation has become necessary through her own neglect. Female
derangements cannot cure themselves, and neglecting the warnings of nature only means putting it off until
therMs no cure. The woman who lets her trouble make headway pays the penalty of a dangerous opera-
tion/and a lifetime of impaired usefulness at the best, and the operation often proves fatal when her lifo
might have been saved by jLydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or- painful menstru-
ation, weakness, leucorrhosa, displacement or ulceration of the womb, that
bearing down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache, bloating (or flatu-
lence), general debility, indigestion and nervous prostration ; or are beset with
such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude, excitability, irritability, ner-
vousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, and " want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, and
the blues, they should remember that there is one tried and never-failing
remedy; Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound at once removes such troubles.
READ THE FOLLOWING LETTERS.
•Dear Mrs. PnnraAM: — I cannot tell you how much good you have done me and how thankful I
am to you for it. For five years I have not been free from pain for a day. I have had backaches, headaches,
and those awful dragging sensations with leucorrhcea, and when menstruation appeared I was in such a
condition I could hardly sit up. I doctored all the time, but nothing helped me, and I was told that an
operation was necessary. \
" Two months ago a friend suggested that I try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. No
one knows what it has done for me and how thankful I am for k. It brought me the first well days I have
had for five years. It did for me what doctors could not do, Ind I want every suffering woman to know
about it." — Louisa Natheb, 751 E. 166th St., New York/City. £ '
"Dbab Mrs. Pinkham: — I wish to thank you for what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
has done for me. I had terrible hemorrhages, being lacerated from the birth of my child. The doctor told
me that if I would have an operation I would be well and strong. I submitted to it, but was worse than
before : no one knows what I suffered. Finally a friend advised me to try your Vegetable Compound; I did
so, and commenced to feel better * x I continued its use, and it has done for me what doctors could not do. I
am strong and well If women with any kind of female troubles would only consult you before submitting
to an operation they would be spared many hours of pain and suffering. 1 cannot thank you enough for
what you have done for me."— Anna Ktrchhoit, 150 E. 100th St., New York City.
*btmf\f\ SW\ FORFEIT U we cannot forthwith produce Unoriginal letter! and signature* of abore tetttooaimli, wfctefc will prort
V»t>UUvlaUU their absolute genuineness. X.ydia E. Plnkham Medlcln. Co.. tya». Maj*.
WISE IS THE WOMAN WHO HAS FAITH IN
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
42
HOOKER & LENT. 14 POST ST.
$105.000— Near Taylor and Geary sts.: 14.000
square feet; 140 feet street frontage,
one of the best sites in the city to
' improve.
$50.000 — Corner east of Powell; new im-
• provements; rents $.150.
$43,000— New apartment house; rents $580 per
month.
$26,000— Polk st.. close to a prominent trans-
fer point; store and flats, new build-
ing; rents $175.
$21,000— Business corner; inside of Flllmore
St.; handsome Improvements; stores
and flats ; rents $167 CO. '
$20.000 — Corner on Battery st.. near water
front; 50x132:6. * „
$15,000— Ellis st., northeast corner, 8i:6x
87:6.
$14,000— On Polk-st cars, near Post: 25x120.
$12,000— Choice Turk-st. store corner; 57:t>x
87:6. and,17-room house. .
$10.000— Sixth St.. near Folsom ; 2 stores and
flat; rents $50. . .
$9,750— Fine location: l xl > blocks north of
Market st. ; rents $75.
$9.000— Store corner, near Market St.: new
buildings; lot 27:6x105; rents $75.
$S,500— Bargain for a builder: 131x137:6; on
Chestnut st., near Powell.
$7,250— Northwest corner Fell and Flllmore
st3.; size 31:3x100; grand corner with
flne view of the city.
$0,500— CSOxllO; Pine st.. near Devisadero:
flne house; 11 rooms and bath; rents
$52.
• $3,500 — New residence; Liberty st.: 8 rooms
and bath, with basement. „
$3,500— New house; 6 rooms and bath; Doug.
lass st.. near Twpnty-thlrd. ¦_/_••'
$2.IM>0— Nice house. 6 rooms and bath; Twen-
ty-fourth et, _
$2,300— Nice houirp. 5 rooms and bath; Twen-
ty-fourth St.
FLATS.
$20.000— Fine Paclflc-ave." flats: rents $175;
extra large lot and elegant new nuua-
$15.0C0 — Rents $127 50: handsome new build-
ing of 3 flats; McAllister st.. west of
htelner St.; excellent city view; sunny
side.
$20,000— Six flats: CO ft. lot; east of Gough
'St.; rents $155. _„ „
$13,000—6 flats near park; rents $137 50 per
$10.750 m -3 n fine flats: Washington st.: Inside
of Hyde: each 8 rooms and bath; large
key lot: 28 feet front; rent- $0-\
$13,000— Three splendid new flats; near
Steiner st.; rents $112.
$10,500— Two elegant flats; Geary st.. near
Gough; rents $80. ..
$7.200— Rents $e5; Harrison St.. near Fourth.
$7,000 — 2 flats; Sacramento st.. near Fin-
more; rents $52 50.
$6,000—4 flne fiats on Pierce st.. near Green,
rents $50. . ,,.
$6,C00— new flats; Thirteenth St.; rents $.>G.
$5,000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-fourth
St.: 4 flats; rents $47.
$4,750—2 nice bay-window flats on Twenty-
second st., near Castro; rents $40.
$3 # 000— Langton St.. near Bryant; 4 flats,
rents $32 .
$2.100— Perry st.. near Third; cottage ana
° ' HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
SHAINWALD. BUCOTE^*^.^. ST
$33,000 — Van Ness ave. corner, pays 10. per
cent; new building, leased; full partic-
ulars at office; one of the best invest-
ments on the market. . ___j
$30,000— Market st. corner. 3 frontages; grand
site for apartment-house or flats: lot
131xlC0 and 153 feet; only a few blocks
from the City Hall. ,,,<,„„.
.$8,500— Pine, near Buchanan; fine residence
* of 10 rooms and bath; every modern
convenience; lot 25x137:6
$20 000— California st. corner; this side of poik
st • Improved with store and flats,
rents $122; lot 35x70 feet.
ill CKK) — Clay st., near Buchanan; beautiful 1--
roomed residence; all modern Improve-
ments; let 25x100 ft. A Wgaln.
$27,500— Polk »t.. near Bush; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 50; rents-
can be raised; lot 30 ft. front.
$3 050— Sutter, near Gough ; good substantial
residence, now rented at $50 per montn;
lof 25x110; a bargain.
$2.250— Fine building lot: northeast corner
California ami 7th ave.; :J2:SxlOS; will
sell on terms.
$2S 000 — lOth-st. corner, nr. Mission; 4 tnree-
story houses. 10 rooms and bath ea.cn;
rents $167 per month; lot 75x110 feet.
$9,500— Post st., nr. Franklin; fine reeld&nce,
11 rooms and bath: rented for $70; lot
2Cxl2O feet. " _'"I* :
$13 500— lteduced from $15.5C0: 6 modern flats;
rents $131 per month; lot SOxl22:6 feet;
fine location; treat bargain.
$0,500 — Hayes St., near Devisadero; 2-story
and basement residence ; key lot; sun
in every room: effer wanted.
$22,500— Corner of Seventh and Natorna f ts. ;
frame Improvements, renting for $'J6 per
month.
Lake st. — Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third av?a. at very low figures.
Full Information at office.
$1750 each— \3roderick St., • near Post: flne
building 'ots, 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build oi-»; only 3 lots left.
«S 100 — Sutter «'.. near Devisadero; substan-
tial resldenc*: stable; large lot: 5S>::;Ux
114 ft.; or will K<*11 34:3x114 ft. for $U50O.
(15,000— Bush st.. Inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
stantial residence of 15 rooms and bath; j
now rentinc for $1*5 monthly; lot 27:tix
137:6 ft.; mortgage of $S5W) at ti per
cent can remain; property must be sold
within DO days.
$7 COO— Reduced from $S500; Bartlett et..
near 25th; substantial house of 10
rooms and bath; lot 40x117 :ti ft
«^ 000 — Vallejo St., near Scott; flne building
lot, 27:«xi:;7:6 ft.
»o ( > 000— Broo.lway. near Gough st.; handsome
' residence, o bedrooms, bath; beautiful
marine View; house In perfect order; let
32:0x137:6 ft. "
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
; .for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCK BEE & CO..
i Real Estate Agents,
i 213-220 Montgomery st.
LYON &• HOAG,
110 Montgomery st.
; Send for our printed list of property for sale
I in all sections of the city.
i BIG INTEREST.
I $26,000— A good buy on GolJen Gate ave. ; 2
1 blocks from Market St.; «ot 50x67; good
improvements.
$20 000 — Howard-st. investment, prar Fourth:
splendid 3-story building, store and lodg-
ing-house: rent $145; mortgage of $!MK)0
can remain.
$5,100 — Rent $r.O; business property: store and
4 rooms and bath; rented to baker; good
oven; nice flat above, o rooms and bath;
also stable; a lot 50x104; choice location
on Twenty- third st.
$42,5CK) — Big lot on Geary St.. east of Leaven-
worth; contains over 510U Equare feet;
substantial Improvements on part of lot:
rents $170; could be increased materially
it balance of land was improved.
BIG INTEREST.
$4,000 — Good bay-window cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; high basement; on Shrader St., nr.
Waller; 1 block from the park; lot
25x110.
$30,000 — Rent $207 50;. can be raised materially;
McAIlster St., not far from Van Ness
ave.; splendid improvements; great big
lot. more than 150x130.
$4,350— Webster ft., near Union; lot 25x100; a
modern bay-window house of 6 rooms
and bath; also basement, containing
laundry.
$7,500— Rent $80; near Golden Gate Park; I
flats; flne interest paying property In
growing location. .
• $5.C50 — Calltornla at., near Baker: a 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6.
*,g,;i00 — Grove st. ; lot 26x120 to rear street;
Improvements, 2 fiats; also 2-story resi-
dence; rent $C3.
$9,000 — Third st. ; 3-story building containing
store and lodprlng-house above; In good
condition; rent $50; could be Increased.
$0,150 — Leaven worth*- st. residence; contains 7
rooms, bath, stationary washtubs, etc.:
¦best marine view in the city; lot 27:6x
110.
LYON & HOAG.
.''')^ 116 Montgomery Street.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,.
22 Montgomery st.
$00.000 — Corner on Oth st.; 75x125; rents $300
per month.
$10,500— Corner on Third St.; 40x75; old Im-
provements; rents nominal.
$20,000 — Corner on Larktn st.; 35x70: rents
$125.
$5,000 — Residence of S rooms and bath on 17th
St., near Howard: 3Oxl2r>.
$8,000 — Rents $720 per annum; 3 houses. of 7
rooms and bath each*; on Mason st.,
near Lombard; 45:6x70.
• 1(5 000 — Elegant residence of 11 rooms, etc., on ,
north side of Clay at., near Broderick;
lot 50x127:8: cartlculars and . photo-
graph at office.
$75,000— Rent $»;000 per annum: new ud to
date 5-story and ba«em€nt brick apart-
ment house, containing xt large rooms
and 25 bathroorrs; under secured lease
for 10 years to one tenant, who makes
all repairs and pays water; near
Geary and Hyde sts.; large lot. '"
$25,000— 50-vara lot on Russian Hill; without
exception the grandest view In the
city. ¦
$13,000 — Rents $1260 per annum; new flats on
. Buchanan st.
$14,000»— Rents $1470 per annum; new flats;
' near the park.
$18,500 — Rents $1860 per annum; 3 swell new
flats of 7 rooms and bath; on Clay-
• - ton St., near the park: lot 33x1 CO.
$11 COO — Business property on First St., close to
Howard; rent $«3: lot 23:8x137:6.
$30 000— Large choice NE. corner on Valencia
St.. cos:ratnlnB 3 stores and 4 flats,
with room to build 'J more flat»:
rented low at $100. . - .
$4 250 — Kents $40; store and 4 rooms below;
llat of i) rooms nbove: on Mission St.,
near Twenty-sixth; 25x7S; very cheap.
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
IS AT POINT RICHMOND.
' THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS J5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS.ril8 MONTGOMERY ST.
ALAMEDA iDYERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $28oO; lot 73xl2o.
Nice 6-room cottage and bath.
Look at the $1600 cottage we are offering;
lot 50x148.
They wonder how we offer such bargains.
Here are a few specials this week.
$1850 buys good cottage; lot 40x130; snap.
$"350— Beautiful colonial home; 5 rooms; de-
sirable.
$3000— An Ideal cottage of 3 rooms and bath. .
$3500— 7-room colonial home; modern; nice
sued lot. ;
$4500— A beautiful 8-room modem home; cor-
ner lot.
$5500— An elegant home; 10 rooms and bath;
lot 60x143; splendid value.
$6500— One of the prettiest homes In Ata-
meda, consisting of 10 rooms and bath, lot uOx
1U0. •
See us — If you want a home.
See us— If you want a house built.
Easy terms and every accommodation fur-
nished in procuring property.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
DELANOY & RANDLETT. .»,.-.«»
1336 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
We have sold the last house we bad built
In our Bay Side Tract. '
On any lot we have left will bufld you a
home of any size or style you may select, so
call at our office and examine plans.
We intend to commence a new 6-room bun-
galow this week; something flne; easy terms.
DELANOY A BARTLETT. 1336 Park st.
$3750— 8-ROOM cottage: oak floors; open
plumbing: 2 porcelain baths; lot 73x110;
sunny side of street; 2Vi blocks from, sta-
tion.
Or anything else you may want.
"W. K. CONGER * CO..
1501 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2150— $250 CASH, balance like rent; new,
modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; a very
complete and cozy home; all street work
and concrete walks included; close to sta-
tion.
H. D. IRWIX.
Lorin station. Berkeley.
$2650 — CHOICS bungalow cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; on flne street: In perfect condition:
nice lawn, chicken yards, etc.; easy
terms. .;..
— — —
II. D. IRWIN.
Lorin station. Berkeley.
$3200 — SEE this flne, new, up-to-date coionial
bouse. 7 good rooms; large porch: lot 5ox
122; close to station; only $300 down.
IT. D. IRWIX.
Lorin station. Berkeley.
A SNAP, in a good lot, 50x100 ft.: street work
done: close to Ashby station; sacrificed
for immediate sale.
H. D. IRWIN,
Lorin station, Berkeley.
HEADQUARTERS for Berkeley. North Oak-
land and Claremont property; an exten-
sive list of large and small lots and
homes of all sizes, either for cash or on
terms to suit.
H. D. IRWIN, •
Lorin station, Berkeley.
LAWTON & ALBEE'S
• Special Bargains In Choice Berkeley Property.
I $1650 — 5 rooms; new; good neighborhood.
' $2950 — 7 rooms; new; modern plumbins; tinted
walls; bargain.
i $2250 — 6 rooms; modern; convenient to store*
and trains.
$3250 — 6 rooms; new; modern; North Berkeley.
— 7 rooms; new; up-to-date; street all
complete; close to car line.
|4500 — S rooms; modern; new; on Walnut st.
$4700 — S rooms; new; modern; convenient loca-
tion; nice neighborhood.
$4750 — S rooms; new; all complete: street fin-
ished; flne view: close to local.
$5000—8 rooms: well built; artistic; new; cor-
ner; street complete.
16000—9 rooms; very nice; polished floors; mod-
ern throughout; corner; beautiful view.
$7500 — 10 rooms: nearly new; Very nice; close,
to U. G>: flne street.
Choice residence lots. $300 and upward to $3000.
2139 Center at.. Berkeley. Cal. Phone Maaon 401
STOP PAYING RENT.
A new e-room cottage, bath, stationary tabs,
patent toilet, gas and electric light; street
work done; price $2500; terms, small cash
payment, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lot—.
Open Sundays.
HAVE YOU $1200?
If so I can sell you the pest 0-room cottars
in Berkeley; nice garden; street work done;
close to station and streetcars; price $2400;
terms, one-half cash, balance to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Loria.
Open Sundays.
SEE THIS HOUSE.
A beautiful new 7-room house; strictly np> to
date: convenient to station and streetcars:
street work done; price $3000; terms, only
$250 cash, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin.
Open Sundays.
~ DO YOU ~
Want to Rent or Buy Berkeley Property?
IF SO.
Let us know your wants and receive a list or
such property as you desire.
$5200 — New 11-room house: It's a beauty; 2
tolletn; flne bathroom: within 10 minute* of
Berkeley station; lot 42x126; can be bought on
terms.
$8000 — New 14-room house; a good Invest-
ment; rented for 2 years at $75 per month;
easy terms.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO..
:.-.' ! -: ; Berkeley. Cal.
$2500 — HANDSOME, well-built 7-room house;
windmill, barn, stable, wagon shed; lot
50x143; street work complete; close to
cars; $250 cash, balance $25 per month.
$S0O— A Berkeley chicken ranch; 3-room
house; chicken houses, stable, wagon
rheds; lot 90x125; fenced; i-j block from
cars; can sell on terms.
$1300 — Handsome, well-built 6-room bouse;
hard Cnlshed. bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
ished basement: nice let; small barn;
close to cars: $30O cash, balance $14 per
month. W. C. MORAN. Lorin station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
CALL on STAATS A JUSTER If you want
bargains. We have 3 new houses, 6 and T
rooms each, good location, close to trains,
which we want to sell on easy terms, w-
also have many other bargains in Improved
property and vacant lots, too numerous to
detail.
STAATS A JUSTER.
2137 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1700 — NEW 3 rooms and bath.
$1*,V> — 6 rooms and bath.
$2300 — New 6 rooms and bath.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
ATTENTION, builders — Corner lot. 67x105;
street done; we will furnish milt work for
2 houses; payable when sold. MURDOCK &
CO. Lorin station. Berkeley.
$8 A FRONT foot: 14 lots near Idora Park.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station.
nEJ^^JBSTATjE~CTTY~FOR SALE.
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOr"
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
13 AT POINT RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT 13 THE BEST.
LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS.. 113 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAJL E8TATE-—CITY—-FOR SALB.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$100.000— Market St.. close to First: substantial
3-story brick building; lot 30 foot front.
$75,000 — Choice inside corner on Golden Gate
ave ; substantial improvements In per-
fect order, consisting of 7 3-story
houses; steadily rented and producing
an annual Income of $4S0O; 137:6x120,
with 2 frontage*; one of the best buys
ever offered. . *- ",/¦
$46,000— Van Ness ave.: 2 2-story dwellings,
renting for $135 per month: 13 rooms
and bath each; large, sunny lot, OOx
109:8 to rear street.
$40,000— Sixth et. business holding; nominal
improvements producing an annual In-
come of $1422; extra large let, over 75
feet front. ¦ _"- •'
$35 000— Large business corner on Hayes St.,
covered with substantial Improvements;
producing an annual Income of $2610; 3
frontages; this Is a fine buy, with a
good future. . ,
$15,000 — Powell-st. Investment; good substan-
tial improvements, consisting of 3
stores and lodging-house in perfect or-
der and steadily renting for $127 60 per
month; lot 60 feet front; a splendid bar-
gain. «*¦" .
$12,000_Sunny eid> of Sutter St., close to
Ptelner; 3 flne flats of 7-8 rooms and
bath each; rents $SS per month; lot 27 :«
front.
$10,600 — Golden Gate ave.; two 2-story bay-
window houses of 8 rooms, bath and
basement each; steadily rented for $SO
per month; large sunny lot.
(7,700 — ClOBe to Folsom and Ninth sts.;
modern flats, nearly new, 5 and 4
rooms and bath each; steadily rented
for $70 per month; snnny lot, over J0-
foot front; this is a bargain.
$7,600— Devisadero St.; 3 modern and up-to-
date flats of 7-6 rooms and bath each;
in good order and steadily renting for
$03 per month; sunny lot, 25x137:0.
$7 000— Two new elegant flats on Sacramento
et. In the beet part of the Prefldlo
Heights district; very rubstantlally
built: 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents
$C2 &0 per month; sunny let, 23 feet
$6 500 — Business corner In the Mission; store
' with flat above; ti rooms and bath:
good stable in the rear: bay windows;
brick foundation; all in good order;
good sunny lot; 25-foot front.
$4,000— Close to Page and Buchanan Ets.; 3
good modern flats of 5 rooms and bath
each: In good order and steadily rented
for $42 per month; a flne buy close to
$4 250-^Twenty-fourth st., close to Dolores; 2
fine flats of 6-4 rooms and bath each:
bav windows, brick foundation and
even-thing in perfect order; lentlng lot
at present for $33 per month which
can easily be Increased; sunny lot, »j-
$2 000— Parls-st'. cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: would rent for $20 cer month;
lot 25x100.
MCAFEE B«^ o f R^oNT GO MERY STREET.
BAKERS BEACH.
Fine new residence. 6 rooms and b^h; over-
looks the Golden Gate; lot 25x120; price $5000.
EAST OF VAN NESS AVE.
Cottage. 4 rooms, between Leaven worth and
Jones sts.. off Sacramento; slxe 23:6x9. :6 feet,
price $2000.
THIRD-ST. CORNER.
Fine comer on Third st : stow aad fla s
above: rented very low at $S0 monthly; rents
ehovild be $100; price $18,500.
SHIPLEY STREET.
Near Sixth st.; 6 flats of 4 rooms each;
ehould bring more rent; rents $4j; price $4000.
AT ENTRANCE TO PARK.
Fronting into and commanding view of the
ewellest part of the park: the finest building
lots In town; 27:CxllO; $5000.
FOR FLATS.
Lots en McAllister St.. near Scott; 2. :Cx
137:6; only $.TJ50.
CHEAP MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On Point Ixjbos ave., commanding beautiful
view; car line pa*srs; gas and water in street;
only $550 each; lots on the avenues $350 to
$40O. Ther^ is a great future for these lot*.
I.ARK1N-ST. CORNER.
Fine LulMIng corner. :J5 feet frontage; sure
to lncrease-in value; rents now for ?122 month-
ly: a fine investment; price $20,000.
HOWARD STREET.
Between First and Second; 50 feet frontage;
2 new. beautiful, modern buildings to be erect-
; ed ailjoln;ng: value gurp to advance; for 2 or 3
day* only; price $22,500.
CLOSE TO PRESIDIO WALL.
Beautiful lot on Sixth ave.: 40x120; $2600.
! 5 CHEAP CORNER.-
Sixth afe.. close to park; size 35x05; street
I work bitumen on both streets and accepted:
sewer, kbs. etc.: reduced to $2.'JO0 to make quirk
I sale. $15<>o mortgage can remain.
NEAR PARK.
Two new. modern flats, »l rooms and bath
each; rented for $56 50 monthly; jirlee $0000.
s. n-l for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
¦ city. MCAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st.
I BI'KNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
VAN NESS CORNER.
$110,«KX» — Rent $500 a month; large corner,
n-iir Market St.; full particulars at office.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$12.5fK) — Rent $82; business corner; n«-ver va-
cant; line Investment.
A CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
j $S2So — Kent $t^»; nev.- building: one tenant
i trboM Ifasv Is out: will rent for $S0.
CHEAP INSIDE LOT.
$2500— McAllister st. ami Central ave.
I COR. HOWARD AND TWENTY-FIFTH STS.
Must be sold; »7:r,xll5; 3 fronts for etable,
factory or flats.
2211-n TAYLOR ST.. NEAR LOMBARD.
*<.cr.n — Two fine houses of 8 rooms and bath;
large- lot. 50xM>; rent $40. worth $50.
S10 LOMBARD ST.. NEAR TAYLOR.
J.Ti;"t — Fine residence of 10 rooms and bath;
lar*e lot. 42x130; rent $40, worth $05.
' ¦
RESIDENCE— MISSION."
$."000 — Residence of C rooms and bath; a bar-
1 gain.
CHEAP LOT.
$1COO— Lot on Octavia n., near I'nlen; a bar-
gain.
TWO FINE FLATS— W. A.
$7500 — Rent $52 50; Green St., near Octavia.
FH.LMORE-ST. PROPERTY.
$1*250 — Residence of 8 rooms and bath- large
lot. a> feet front, back part of Flllmore it.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
$;7.*iO— Thre« fine flats; nnt $<£; i o w rent c«n
be raised to $75.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
211 Montgomery n.
B. GETZ. ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!l
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Your Choice
$100 to $250. Splendid Bargains. $3 monthly
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
Eee Thorn at Once. Graded. Level to Build on
Hish Ground. Magnificent View.
Perfect Bargains. On Eaey Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them In Quality or Price !
One block from Misxlon-st. cars. Perfectly
level.
Comer Lots for Business. Opposite New School.
$150 UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$300 to $1200.
Choicest of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$800 to $5000 New Cottages and Houses in
Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior Homestead.
All My Own Property. Sold on Easy Terms.
JOSEPH STRAUB. C30 Market st
$9500— Elegant residT.ee of 10 rooms, 2
baths, basement: fashionable district; marine
view. ...
$3000 — 2 flats. 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and
Filbert «ts.
$2500— 2-ctory house of 12 rooms; basement
of A rooms; pays IV per cent.
fSSOO— Good Income property; nice locality;
3 bay-window Cats; basement; sun all day;
pays over 11 per cent.
Choice lots in Sunset for cash or on ' easy
t Installments.
(4500— FOR sale: 2 new 2-flat houses. Just fln-
ished, containing 4 and S rooms; separate
yard and basement for each flat; open plumb-
ing and all modern conveniences; on Golden
Gate ave.. near North Willard st.; 2 blocks
from Golden Gate Park. Apply on premises
or at 220 North Willard St.; take McAUleter-
st. cars^
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole. Ehrader AParnasius ave. ;
plans terms, price* to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTHEE A CO.. 187 Carl st.
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
IS AT POINT HICHMOND.
THE BANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE — CITT — FOR » AL.I3.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH 219 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate opp. Mills Building.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$7,000— Clay st., near Devisadero; beautiful
modern residence S rooms, bath and
flne basement; every room sunny and
In first-class condition: choice location:
lot 27x102 feet; forced sale: offered at
a very low figure to effect an fmmedlate
sale; all offers submitted.
RICHMOND BLOCK.
$40,000— 38 beautiful lots near Clement st. and j
12th ave., ready for building; make
offer.
FLATS NEAR THE PARK.
$7,500 — 2 beautiful modern flats Just com-
pleted; 6-7 rooms and bath each with
basement: rents $780 per yar; near
Fell and Central ave; forced sale at
actual cost.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$9,500— Rents ?9CC per year; 3 excellent flat?,
5 rooms and bath each; finished base-
ment; Just completed: on car line near
Duboce Park; choice location: lot
25x137:6.
CLEMENTINA-STREET FLATS
$5,250— Rents $600 per year; 2 flats, 0 rooms
and bath each; Clementina, near 5th;
lot 25xS0. -
FLATS FACING THE *PARK.
$13.000— Rents $W40 per year; « new flats. 4
rooms and bath each; Carl st.. near
Stanyan.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE LOT.
$7,000—27x120; cheapest lot down town;
Golden Gate ave., near Laffuna; a gen-
uine snap; vacant lots in the i:ext block
have Just been sold for $000 per front
TURK STREET INVESTMENT.
_ $42,500— An elegant modern hot»l. .« rooms ;
and finished basement: built i yfars; j
all latest improvements; north side or
Turk st., close to Market: v.?rth $M,-
000; a flne pay Ins: Investment.
BUCHANAN STREET FLATS.
$0,900—2 elegant modern flats. 5-U rooms and
bath: finished basement; marine view;
lot 27:Cxl37.<!; Buchanan St.. near un-
ion; rents $720 per year.
INVESTMENTS.
POSITIVELY MUST BE CONVERTED JNTO
CASH. (
$112,000— Mason s>t. corner down town: JW. :<Tx ;
137:0; partly Improved: pays $7200 per
year; can be Improved to pay 12 per
cent. This property will positively be |
converted into cash within a few days; j
don't hesitate to make an offer; you j
may get St. j
SPECIAL. „_
jGs.OOO— 70 feet on East st. by 13. :6 feet
through to Drumm st.. fa cins water
front and adjoining Santa Fe Depot; ,
spur track on this property; a bargain. .
$1C5,000— Geary-st. corner, close In: lot COxSl;
elegant new modern building. 2 large
stores and 90 rooms: rent* S10-0 per
year.
$05.000— McAllister St.. north side, near Van j
Ness ave.; 137:6x137:0. 1
$35,000— Gear}' St., near Van Ness ave.; 55x ,
120; substantial improvements; well
rented.
$26,000— Polk St.. near Jackson: lot 40x00: 2
stores and 4 flats; a good raying in-
vestment.
¦ • _« „
$13,000— Geary Bt.. near Laguna; S.:<>xs, :ti,
make offer.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery St..
Opposite Mills JBullding. ,
BALDWIN & HOWELL. g STREET
$.•50,000— Rents $190 per month: Stockton-st
business prcperty. n .«ar Broadway, lot 40 j
x70; 4-story building; store and rooms
$17.500^ > Rents $137 50: Leavenwcrth st nenr
Washington: lot 27:0x10. :6: splendi.l
building of :; SPi-arate flats; unobstructed I
SO.SGO^Rent aYvT per month: lof .".0x00; Stock- j
ton st.. near California; 2 buildings. :
$3,500— Rents $44 per month; 4 separate flats; •
within one-half block of Third st; per- J
manent paying Investment.
$0,500— Rents $70: Ititch m.. near Third; lot I
40x75; 2 houses and 4 flats. |
$5,750— Rents $85; Langtun St.. near Bryant 1
and Eighth : lot 50x80; 0 fiats In perfect !
condition. _ .
$4,250— Rents *J0: Clnra st., near Fourth;
. front and rear Hats.
$51 000— Rents V!20 per month: Misslon-st.
business and investment corner; .i front-
ages; Investigate thin.-- '
$1700 — Building let, Rltch st., near Brannan:
«-i xbo—Kumnpr st.. near Howard and Seventh; :
lot 28x28: cottage of « rooms; rent $16. I
$IC.OCO— Rents $14.-!; Folsom St., near .Sixth; 2 j
stores, rooms above, and houses on rear 1
$3,500— Rents $42 50; Harrison St., • near Sev- |
enth- ¦" flats and rear house. ;
$5 500— Bartlett St., near Twenty-fourth; lot !
50x117:0 to rear street; residence of fi |
rooms and bath. .;
f 3,750 — Fol.-om Ft., near Twenty-second; sp.en.
did residence of !> rooms and bath. i
$l,r;00— De Haro St., near Twenty-third; lot 25 !
xlCO; cottage of 4 rooms, hothouse, fruit I
trees', etc. ; rent $!). :
$2 ?.00 — Merritt ft., near Eighteenth and Mar-
ket: splendid cottage of 5 rooms anl
bath and barn for five horses; rent $Hi.
$3° 500 — Kents $2.'54 per month; pays over !> per
cent; U Hats of S and 6 rooms and bath
each- Fourteenth St., nnar Market.
$S150 — Hampshire ¦ St.. southwest corner of;
Nineteenth; let SHSxftl ; 2 flats of 5 and 0 I
rooms and bath each; rents $10 per |
month. :
$",200 — Rents $:'.0; Castro st.. near Twenty- |
fifth; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath |
each. !
$U 000 — Noe st., near Market; lot 25x105; new j
building of IS separate flats; rents $115.
$2,500 — Rents $27: Twenty-sixth St., near San-
Cheat; 2 flats In perfect condition,
$23,500 — Valencia-ft. business corner; 85x90 to
rear street; 2 stores and .'t flats.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
RKAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery st.
NEW PROPERTIES.
North side of Butter' St.; In very good resi-
dence renting locality.
Lot perfectly level and ready to build on,
with etreet work and sidewalk all done.
$25,000. •¦><>'
POST- STREET BUY.
Close to Hyde St.: nearly 40 ft. front, with
good frame houses In good prospective neigh-
borhood
WASHINGTON-ST.' RESIDENCE.
27:6x127:8 ft.-
Very good 2-story and basement residence: 8
rooms and bath; all very large and sunny
rooms; furnace In house and electric lighting;
, high brick foundation and plastered basement;
street bitumlnized; artificial stone sidewalk;
concrete wall; magnificent view of the Presidio.
Golden Gate ana Marin County hills; this resl-
. dence is cheap.
, RENTS $105' J A MONTH.
. Harrison st.: four 2-story frame buildings;
all rented, with one exception of $3. This Is. a
remarkably flne Income on the amount In-
vested. Particulars at our office.
— —
$5500.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
27:6x110 ft., with depth of lot on north side
of street; very fine residence locality and extra
ilne view of the bay and surroundings.
$24,000.
WASHINGTON-ST. CORNER FLATS.
RENTS $160 A MONTH.
Four first-class flats on- corner In Western
Addition; very substantially built and complete
. in every detail; excellent residence locality.
$7000.
TAYLOR- STREKT RESIDENCE.
Close to the Fairmont Hotel.
This neighborhood has gplendld prospect In
the very near future.
: $13,000.
I VALLEJO-STREET RESIDENCE.
'¦ Lot 30x137:6 ft.
New and artistically plastered house, with
English basement and two stories and attic;
; well and completely finished; fine residence lo-
- cality, and good view of the bay.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
' 5 Montgomery gt.
WE are constantly building /houses, selling
them on most reasonable monthly payments,
; equivalent to rent. As we are always buy-
ing additional . lots, we keep supplied) in
', every section of the city. Our lots are In
; the Western Addition, Richmond. MiKalon
and other 16calltles. Give us a call and we
will explain: our method of doing business
and refer you to the people we have deaU
with. WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO., Owners,
! 616 Sacramento st. . near Montgomery.
- INVESTMENTS eouth of Market st. from $1500
I to '$16,000. -paying .from 1 10 to 15 per cent.
Syndicate- Investment Co.. 207- Montgomery.
• THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY :
IS AT POINT- RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
.. LOTS $5 MONTHLY. .
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
IAN FRANCISCO CALU
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Baa FraBCisoo
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street,
cere er Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
C2» McAllister street; open until »:S0 p. m.
C16 Larkin ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1641 Micslon street; ope* until 10 p. m. \
2261 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9p. a
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. tn.
Korthwwt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
gyp Flllmore »tn»t: open until 9 p. bb. ;
BEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOB 8 AIM.
VOX RIIEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANT.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARGE FULTON-ST. LOT. .
$85,000 — Fulton St.. near Uough; 95:»x20«:3.
mith L 27:6x6S:3 on Grove st.; this property
le adapted for a manufacturing *tte or would
bring lanre returns if either an apartment
houne or flats were erected; within four blocks
of the City Hall.
HAYES-ST. FLATS.
$14,000— Hayes st.. near Webster. 25x137:0
ft.; 3 etrictly uj> to date new flats of e-7-7
rocms; renting for $115. *
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$12.500— 31 :3xlH); 3 modern, well-constructed
flat* of 7 rooms and bath each, renting for
$97 CO per raocth.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
$S500— 25x75; Minna, near 6th; 3 flats of •-
6-7 rooms: mortgage of $2000 In Hibernla Bank
can remain.
VAX NEFS-AVE. CORNER LOT.
$S5O0 — 27:6x137:6; corner of Van New ave.
and Greenwich; no finer location can be ob-
tained fcr either a home or flats.
CORNER WASHINGTON AND POWELL.
$&500 — S2:6v52; stores and flat! renting for
$St) per month; one of the best investments in
the locality.
WASHINGTON-ST. HOME.
$6000 — 2T>xl37:6; Washington «., near Hyde;
dwelling cf 7 rooms and bath.
PINF.-ST. FLATS.
$6000^ — Pine St., near Van Ness ave.; 2 flats
and a cottage In good condition; renting for
*43 i>er month.
1 '"
CORNER BUCHANAN AND LOMBARD.
$2500 — 30x100: SW. ror. Buchanan and Lora-
»* rt -
MISSION INCOME PROPERTY.
$3100— Mission St., near Randall; Improve-
ments. 2 up to date 5-room flats, renting for
f&o per month.
WnLSH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$3400 — 25x75: Welsh «.. near Fourth: im-
H-cvements consists of 4 flat* renting for $32 50
per month.
COR. LARKIN AND NORTH POINT.
$3100 — 43:9xb5; rapidly improving location.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750—34:1x103: west line Devisadero St..
Dear Green; beautiful marine view and in a
rapidly growing locality.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE.
$2500 — 31x72; Octavia et., near Union; cot-
tape of C rooms, renting for $16.
$6000— Powell st., near Filbert: 25x70 to rear
¦treet; 2-story building; rents $45.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery St., Opp. Mill* Bldg.
SNAP.
BARGAIN
$10,000 PROFIT GUARANTEED WITHIN
90 DAYS.
$27,500 — Choice downtown business property;
2^:6 ft. frontage on one street and run-
ning back and having frontage of C2:6
ft. on another street; Improvements. £
Mores, rooming-house and U fiats; taking
recent rales of adjoining property as a
basis, this property is cheap at $37,500.
$6,900— R«rnts SK22: never idle; N. side street;
choice surroundings; 3 well-built flats '
«f-OM *70oo to build); lot 25xlo5 ft.;
main car line etreet.: 2 blocks from
Market St.
$5,500 — O'Farrell st.; 25x120: 2 frontages;
close to Van N«-ss: grand site for flats. !
$21,000— Sixth Ft., n*>ar Market: 23x190; run- !
r.ing back to rear street; 3-story bay-
windowed building; stores and flats;
. also 2 houses; *i rooms on rear street.
$16,5O<>— New Larktn-f-t. flat*'; 34 ft. frontage;
3 swell up to date fiat«: 7 rooms and \
bath: «>nt:re building has southern ex- j
i.oFure; light and sun in every room.
S9.75O— P.ents fli«o: 3 new Park Panhandle |
fiats, ti-ti-7 rooms: beautiful, up to date. ;
light and sunny; lot 25x106; near Haight
et. and Masonic ave. •
$4,25t>— B:g sacrifice; N. side Eryant et. ; few j
feet from Sixth; 4 well-built flats; flne
Investment; choice location.
$2.250 — Harriet irt.; lot 25x75; 2-story house, j
<J rooms, and cottage, 5 rooms.
$2,7.V»— Perry et.; 2Sx*>. with 2 good fists.
$3,75o — 3 auractHe flats. 5 rooms; n«-w
plumbinr; tank; toilets; gas; mantels.
«-to.; near Fourth st. ON EASY TERMS. !
$.Vk. CASH. BALANCE AS RENT.
N. side Twt-nty-fourth «.; few feet from Cas- '
tro-st. cars; M! -=i n «r. 1 TM-enty-fourth- 1
st. cars |»a?s; beautiful up to date rest- i
dencf; 5 rooms ami bath: thoroughly 1
we.l built; *>rlce redur-^d from $.1500 to
%r.iriO; i,ituminiz*-d street; wm»nt walk:
choice neighborhood, with han4»om«
surroundings.
NELSON. JOHNSON St CO..
SU5 Montgomery tt. Opp. Mills bldg.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do You Want to Make Money?
Then Select Lots in Our Ne* Bluckp.
Cnoic**t Locations. !<owest Price*. Easiest .
$¦¦--• to $1000. Sunset District. All Graded '
and Sewered. $1« Monthly.
Sunset Bratx-h OffW on Ninth ave.. near H
Street. Open Sundays and Holidays.
"Ocf-ansi <I»--" I»ts, .Turt Being Graded!
Nothing L!ke It Ever Offered Her*!
Every Lot Has a Superb Oenn and Park
View;
H Street. 40ih, 47th and 4£th Avenues.
Fronting Park and Ocean E!*ctric I>ln«-.
Only Graced Boulevard Lota Fronting Ocean!
Don't Miss Seeing Them To-Day!
All Sold on tfiuj Terms!'
Call for Dlacrams and Prices! *
Oceanflde Branch Office en Forty-ninth Avenue
and K Strert. Open Sund«ys.
N>w Level Ix>ts in Excelsfor Homestead.
Only $»w Kach. *5 Monthly.
Near Mi»ision-*tre«-t Electric Car Line.
$1200. $2000 to $.1000. 4. 5 and 6-Room Modern
Cottages in Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. IUapy Terms.
6OL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Rocm 54, Chronicle Building.
CALIFORNIA — —
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY, 41« MONTGOMERY FT.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
A PURCHASER OF PROPERTY OR
MORTGAGEE taking a policy of title insu-
rance ha* the advantage of an examination
made by skilled «-x;.--rt?, backed by the guar-
antee of th»- company and coupjtrd with a great
caving of tirce and expense. '.f.\ •
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN
PERFECT security In purchasing or taking
a mortacage on real estate, and that is to
hsve the title insured.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
81RANOE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or COOT of the real estate records,
c-onetructi.d especially for insurlnz real estate
titles like modern plant* of New York. Boston,
Chicago and ElaMern rltira; reasonable rates.
regular iruvt company business transacted un-
der State charter; ail matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vi^e Pre*. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Gutbrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Arglo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney it Olney. Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen & Knight, Attorneys.
A T. EPOTTS.
Met. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
BARGAIN
»New Artistic
Home— Only one left of five; any one look-
ing for a cory home should see this. MS
Clayton «t.. south of Frederick st.
FOR sale — Cheap; neat cottage, 4 rooms; mod-
ern improvements; terms same ae rent. Ap-
ply lumber yard SE. cor. Alabama and Mont-
calm Ms. :
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
IS AT POINT RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS «5 MONTHLY.
McETTEJJ BEOS.. 113 MONTGOMERY 6T.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
' AUCTION!
TUESDAY July 14. 1003
At our salesroom, 638 Market st..
At 12 o'clock (noon.)
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Westerly line of 7th st., between Howard
and Folsom. Nob. 276, 278, 2S0; Improve-
ments consist of a 3-story frame building
containing a etore with 3 excellent living
rooms; 2 flats above containing 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; all modern plumbing; renting for
$70 per month; should be increased to $90;
lot 25x85 feet. ;
PACIFIC-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Pacific st.. eaft of Leav-
enworth; Improvements consist of 2 flats
of 6-6 rooms and rear house of 4-5 rooms;
modern. in every respect; total rental $900
per annum; lot 23x137:0 feet.
FIRST-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northeast line of First St.. «8:10 feet
northwest of Folsom: extremely lurce lot.
45:6x68:9 feet: improvements consist of 2
flats of S rooms and a cottage of 6 rooms,
renting for $40 per month.
• BUILDING LOT.
Southerly line of llerrltt St.. 25 feet went
of Hattle; an excellent lot ready for building
in thriving neighborhood; lot 25xS0 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Westerly line of Castro St.. 105 feet south
of Henry, between 14th and 15th; ready for
building.
SIXTEENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of 16th St.. 21-9 leel west of
Albion ave.; improvements consist of 2 two-
story frame houses of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $000 pw annum.
TWENTIETH-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
S. W. corner 20th and Alabama sts.; Im-
provements; excellent corner suitable for
buslnesn purposes; lot 25x104 feet; street b'-
tumlnlzed.
SEVENTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
N. E. corner of 7th and Cleveland sts., bet.
Folsom and Harrison; very desirable bust-
ness corner; Improvements consist of 3-etory
frame building on 7th st. and 2 Hats en
Cleveland; property always rented at $1200
per annum.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
West line of Homestead st., 200 feet north
of 25th; elegant double lot. level and ready
for building, surrounded by new an-1 mdd-
ern hour**; public school in close proximity;
lot 50x125 feet.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
*';';,- EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
\ 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & Cp.,
638 Market st.
Established 1875.
$13,250— Hayes-st. business property; store and
flat above; 7 rooms and bath and house
of 4 rooms in i«ar street; rent exceed-
ingly low, $1000 a year: entire property
in first-class condition.
$12,000 — Rent $1224 a year; 3 elegant modern
flats, 7 rooms and porcelain bath each,
and finished basement; Webster st.,
near Geary.
Jll.2.%0 — Rent ?lo5O a year; Jackson st., near
Larkin; 3 flats, 6-7 rooms and bath;
splendid condition.
$9,750— Rent $1080 a year; business corner
on Powell Ft.; store and flats, 6 rooms;
60-ft. frontage: an absolute bargain.
$8,750 — Rent $030 a year; S beautiful modern
flats, 5-6-7 rooms and a bath; Webster
St.. near Height; no reasonable offer
will be refused; forced sale.
$8.250— 5th St., not far from Market; Hore
and flats above; rent $720 a year.
$G,250 — Make offer; biggest bargain ever of-
fered; beautiful residence, 0 rooms, bath
and basement; best Mock on t^uerrero
street.
$5,500 — Leavenworth, near Jackson; 32:0-ft.
frontage: facing on two streets; present
improvements pay $31 50 a month.
$4,500 — Rent *510 a year: 2 n»w beautiful
flats, 5-6 rooms and bath; near Geary
and Central ave.; lot 25x120 ft.
$4,500 — Cottage 5 rooms and bath; must be
sold; mcrtRcge of $1500 can remain:
strictly In the heart of the Mission
warm belt; rent ?2Ti a month.
$4, 00ft — On easy terms; new modern cottage;
7 rooms, porcelain ba,th, flne finished
basement, etc.; Just completed; on 17th
street.
$3,750^ — Rent $.''.<> a month: 4 fine flats. 4 rooms
each; fine condition; close to 4th st.
$3,500 — Cottase, 6 rooms, bath; brick founda-
tion; basement; 20th «.t. ( n»ar Valencia;
lot 25x114 ft.
$3.250— BigKest pnap In the Mission warm
belt; 2 flats, 4-5 rooms and bath; mod-
f-rn plumbing: near 18th :inj Sanchez;
lot 25x105 ft.
BASTON, KLDR1DGE & CO.,
6SS Market st.
MADISON & BURKE,
Real Estate Agents.
Established January. 1S5S.
30 Montgomery street Or>i>oslte Lick House
; $ig,000 — Broadway house with beautiful ma-
rine view; a 14-rcom corner house; mu.it
sell.
Fillmore St.. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
.' a G»ary and 137:0 feet on Fillmore; the
if'-,- largest and finest corner on the market
: / ¦' on any business street; $40,000; call for
I particulars.
Jackson st. 50-vara lot, corner of Lyf n: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30,000.
'$19 500 — Sacramento st.. near Powell; flne large
lot. 5.S feet frontage, renting for $1200
per annum: fine location for flats or
¦ apartment house; estate; make offer.
$8.000 — To close an estate; Dolores St., near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $t!0; large
lot: muFt sell Immediately; call for par-
ticulars.
$7.500 — Webster St.. near California: 9-room
house in flne location.
$7,(i00 — Lyon Ft., near Hayes; 3 flats; rents
$«7 50; lot 25x112:0.
$6,000 — Folsom St.. npar First; 25x75; this
location Is advancing rapidly.
$9,000 — Hayes-st. Investment.- near Buchanan:
2 buildings: rents *t;.s 60 per month; 27:0
U. 200— Steiner St., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2.500 — Lots on Larktn, near Broadway; $100
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter. Peat and
Steiner streets in plr.es to BUit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Bakpr St.. in sixes to suit.
Prlcaa from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery et., opp. Lick House.
$2,750— Valencia st., near Twenty-fourth; lot
21:8x90. to an f alley.
$1,200— Twenty-first.' near Castro; level lots
on «>asy payments.
$COO — Twenty-second ave., near Clement- lot
2.'xl20.
$'..000— California st.. near Fourth; lot 25x100.
51.000— Folsom st.. near Twenty-sixth- lot 25x
100. **
$1,250— Potrero avi».. near Twenty-third; lot
ready to build on.
$500 — J-st. lots, near Forty-seventh ave.;
Boulevard lots.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt. '
CHARMING Mill Valley is growing very fast.
New houses are springing up on all sides.
Land value* are Increasing rapidly. Lyon &
Hoag have placed a new tract on the market,
right at the station, and are selling lots at
from $S to $12 per front, foot on terms of 10
per Cftnt csmh, balance $10 monthly. Over 80
lots have been cold recently. Streets are
graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc.; grmd old trees. Don't delay, but get
In on the ground floor. Branch office. Mill
Valley, open Sundays. Send for booklet.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
A SMALL tract of land that ts wooded and
laa stream, or creek. In sltely location Is
required by n club within reasonable di«-
atnee cf Sar Francleco; state price and give
d( sciiiitlon: propositions will be considered
also 0» land on McCIoud River or in Lake
T-Jhos region. W. J. GUNN. 530 Califor-
nia rt.
FOR SALE — House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; nunny side of Nineteenth St.. between
Valencia and Mission; must sell; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221
Powell st.
FOR sale — As a whole or In subdivisions'; S0-
' vara lot: south line Union st.. 137 :« feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce Bts. ; 103:Gxl37:fl feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sansome st.
$2600 — Make offer: cottage In warm belt of
• Mission; % block from Market-st. car;. cot-
tage almost new: lot 25x114; owner leaving
city. Box 1191, Call office.
$3250— Bargain; 314 Fair Oaks St., near 24th;
6-room cottage, bath, otc. ; lot 30x125.
THOMAS McCRAITH. Hall of Records.
FOR sale — New 7-room modern cottage; nicely
decorated: easy terms. 27 Lizzie, nr. 30th
and Mission. Apply owner, 3262 Mission st.
FOR SALE — Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
no grading necessary; a fine location for a
home; close to Mission electric car: corner
Brazil ave. and Munich at.; will sell one or
all. Address A. O. CLARK, care of Call
butlrea* office. ' ¦ - ¦ . -
BARGAIN — House. 2 flats; Mission; lot 25x75;
account sickness: no agents. Box 1805. Call.
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
13 AT POINT RICHMOND.
•THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATO-^1TT---FOB___£g:
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO. Market St.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «SM "*«.*£;
$05,000— Corner on Sutter St.. near Lea v en
worth; 62:3x87:6; grand site for oince
$50,000^May nl tkke Jfs; 9 modern^ flats , on bjst
business parrt.f riUtnore st.; rentj$vso,
a flne Investment with a Krand future.
$23.000-Po3t St.; close to Mason; -3x8. _.».
$14,500— Four handsome new modern flats on
McAllister st.. near Baker; rents $144O.
lot 50x137:6. . . th
$12.000— Six modern flats of 5 rooms and batn.
etc.. In first-class condition, brick foun-
dation, good plumbing, etc.; 10 y ea "
old; rents low for $1308. The gloss 1 of
newness has gone from this property and
the rents have reached their staple value
for a permanent Investment; the neign
borhood Is rapidly improving: lot Mx^j.
$10,000— Make , offer: owner absolutely fore ed
to sell; 11 flats In the very be st of con-
dition; new plumbing: near. Fourth ana
Bryant: rents $1164; lot 40x.j.
$8,000— Three new modern flats: well built,
finished in the most up-to-date style,
rents $894; Fifteenth St.. nr. P° l0 J*"- fi
$6.600— Two new up-to-date flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; on Frederick st.. near
Clayton; rents $672; lot 23xl3.:6.
$6,500— Large handsome 3-story residence of H
rooms and bath on north side of Bush
st.. near Flllmore: this P«>oerty can at
a very small expense be remodeled into
three flats: lot 2Sx90. „•__.
$6,000— Four flats well built and in first-class
condition; brick foundation, etc.; rents
$672; on Pierce st., near Union, lot
37:6x137:6; a gilt-edged proposition; the
rents are very low and can be raisea.
$5,000—2 modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
Wh on Lyon st., near Post; lot 25x100,
rents $486.
$4,250— Handsome modern residence. 8 rooms,
porcelain bath, large basement, etc:
only 5 years old; lot 23x116; Twentieth
St.. near Castro. „
$4,200— Elegant corner lot on main streets; -
blocks north of Market st. ; must be sold
at once; cost the owner $C00O; street
bltuminlzed; splendid location for store
and flats; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
lot 48x00. %
$3,500— Handsome well-built modern cottage
of 8 rooms and bath; near Castro and
Market sts.: lot 25x75.
$2,500— Handsome cottage of 7 rooms ana
bath: large basement and stable; gooa
plumbing; brick foundation; near -«n
and Castro sts.
$2,100— Two flne flats of 3 rooms each: large
basement; new plumbing throughout;
Perry St.. near Third; rents $240; lot
25x80. „ , „.
$2,000— Fine lot on Flllmore St.. near Union.
0! ji100 •"!*•.'•.¦•-*
$500" cash— Balance same as rent: select
your own plans, mantels.- fixtures, nara-
ware. finish, painting, lot. etc. ; 27 house*
costing from $2500 to $3250, of 4 to 7
rooms are now being built on the fcan
Mateo electric car line; only 20 minutes
from the ferry: call and see the plans
of the handsomest and best built homes
In San Francisco for the money; lots ail
full-jilzed. We advertise an entirely dll-
ferent list of properties in the otner
morning papers.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
Real E?tat<? and Insurance Brokers.
114. Montgomery street.
FLATS FOR SALE.
$3,S00— Two pretty new flats in the Mission
warm belt; rent $34.
$18,000— Store and two swell new flats, rent-
ing for $125 a month, and a vacant lot
25sS7:6 on Masonic ave.. near Haignt st.
$7.250— Rents $750 a year; substantial well-
built flats on Grove st.. near Baker.
$6.250 — Stor« and two flats on Harrison St.,
near Sixth: rent ?••% a year.
$0,000— A downtown corlPr investment pay-
ing $80 a month; large lot.
BUILDING LOTS.
$0 500— The best and cheapest lots In tne
park district: north side of Page, near
Cole st., 50x106:3. #
jl 000— A bargain In a cheap building lot.
27:6x110. on Filbert st.. near Kearny;
opposite park.
$2,500 each — Two flne lots In the Park Pan-
handle district. -,
$2,100—52x108, In the choicest part of Rich-
mond. „ ...
$2.375— McAllister St.. near Baker. 2.»xlOO.
$.1,000— Fell rt.. near Devisadero. -5xl.»«:o,
a bargain. r
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
NY 511-R12 Callaghan building, will buy. you
a lot and build you a house: small cash pay-
ment- $8 per month pays principal and m-
terest on each $10M) of balance due.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave and C ,
st for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAUltter cars: prices to suit you: open.
$1650— House S rooms and bath: brick founda-
UonT MADISON_&J3URKE. 30 Montgomery.
HOMK lots In the Mission. $500; $10 monthly;
no interest. Owner. 636 Clay st.. room 1.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
UKAL ESTATE— Conntry—Fpr S»lc._
DEAN & MITCHELL.^
• 1000 — Chicken ranch: 5 acres; 4-room house;
fitted up for 1000 chickens; near Byron
$1500—160 acres; 12 miles northeast of Red-
ding; 80 acres under cultivation and 4-ft.
wire net fence; 6-room house, barn. '1
horses, 1 cow. bees, goato. chickens, plenty
of fruit, water, wood. 1 wagon. 2 seta^
harness, all implement!"; better than rep-
\ resented.
! $3000 12 H acres; peaches, apricots, prune?, |
olives etc.; 5-room house: windmill;
JiOOO tank; house, barn, other outbuild-
ings; ZVi miles from Llvermore; terms or
exchange.
• 10 000— 84ti-acre well stocked dairy ranch:
two sets of buildings; as: Ideal place: car-
ries about 25O head or stock; flne cream-
ery, etc.; In Shasta County; investigate;
will exchange.
Investigate our list of city and country
property.
FOR SALE BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents. 630 Mark"t st.
Fifty acres In heart of Mill Valley. Marin
County; convenient to railroad; sultabte for
picnic crounds or subdivision into building
lots: to be soli as a whole.
Over 8500 acres flne stock lands in Monterey
and San Benlto counties; well watered and
very desirable.
Also 1220 acres adjoining: good stock land; for
sale separately or together.
Over 800 acres In Fresno County; 10 miles from
Fresno: with ranal and right o",way; on the
line of S. P. R. R. and San Joaquin River*
A full block in Fresno: well located and a bar-
gain.
4SO or 640 acres In Tebama County, within
a mile or so of railroad; near Hooker sta-
tion, 10 miles north of Red Bluff. ;•¦'¦";-
$S50 CASH buys 5 acres rich land. Pan Mateo
County, 1 mile from depot: railway and elec-
tric to San Francisco; 5-room cottage; out-
buildings: well, stock, hay, furniture; level;
fenced; beautiful oaks; balance $11SO payable
$10 u month. Box 2540. Call ofn?e. ov :-¦¦:,
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. ¦
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
low price; ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN'CO., 110 Montgomery St.
~ SAX MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO,
BURLIXOAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry; electric railroad now running: lots
and residences for sale. We can sell good lots
as law as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Resident
agents, S. G. GOODHUE. Western Union Tele-
graph building, San Mateo.
FOR sale^ — .1% acres, 1«4 miles from San Ma-
teo- tt-room house: barn and chicken-houses:
1 acre In fruit trees; price $5300. JOSEPH
BIVIS. San Mateo.
FOR sale or to rent. 4% acres near San Mateo;
improvements. Inquire GRUMON. 25 Post.
SUBURHAX HEAL ESTATE.
YOU can't imagine the beauties of Marin
County unless you take - trip from Bausalito
to San Rafael. Take the trip, then call for a
list of property for sale at office of CRO-
KER & CO.. 137 Montgomery* 1 st.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
7 OR 8 room residence, centrally located; not
over $4000. part cash. Box 1198. Call.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH,
¦ BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fine large lots right at the station en graded
streets- beautiful trees, charming views, no
hills to climb; prices very low, only $8 to
$12 a front foot; will double In value; don't
fail to see them; over 80 lots sold recently;
send for Illustrated booklet: agent on the
ground Sundays. LYON & HOAG. 118 Mont-
gomery st.
BEAL ESTATE— CITY FOR, v SALE.
THE GREATEST REAL ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
IS AT POINT RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
43
f ' "" PERSON ALS— Continued.
WANTED — Parties to go to Yosemlte and Lake
Tahoe In house on wheels; rates reasonable;
shooting Irons furnished. Address Watts
Feed Store. 41st st. and San Pablo. Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
. carpet twl&e. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st. Oakland.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. •».
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant avt..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
AMERICAN lady, neat, refined, educated,
traveled desires matrimony; age no barrier.
Box 2298. Call. I
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howara
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy InstallmentsJ 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth^
INFORMATION wanted of WILLIAM O'FAR-
RELL by his brothen P. O'FARRELL, 3340
Folsom street. San Francisco. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles perm, removed
by electric needle. Miss Dudley. 1702 Market.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors, 727 -729 Market
ALL styles balrdresstng. 25c; hair goods: mani-
curlng 25c. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60: dreas pants $2 6a
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&MrB.Traverae.H70MarkeL
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair & moles remove* with elec-
trlf needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
IAM3 CO.. 140 Geary St.. S. F.
' PALflllSTIiV.
READ on page 48 of Ismar's miraculous cure
of a cancer for a lady In Santa Barbara.
1MRAMATUR. the only East India psychlo
and palmist. 209 Kearny st. city: $1 up.
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 60 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 3d st: tel. Main 413
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A NEW apartment bouse; furnished and un-
furnished rooms; new management: elevator;
hot and cold water. 1049 Market QPP- Jone».
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. G08
3d st; $5 up; also beautiful rooma $1 week.
DIAMOND, 819 — Three nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath. \
ELEVENTH, 106— Furnished sunny room, for
housekeeping.
FILLMORE, 2219 — 4 large furnished rooms;
bath; housekeeping: choice; $30.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice large housekeeping room;
aho single rooms. •_
GUERRERO 220— Three sunny nicely furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; phone, bath and
gas range.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas. ranges; Just newly fux-
nlshed. 1539 Polk st _;
KEARNY, 104 — 3 newly papered sunny unfur-
nlshed rooms; ?20; references.
MARY. 22. bet. Fifth and Sixth— 2 small sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. 637—3 nice large unfurnished
sunny rooms; bath and yard.
MINNA, 434 — Large airy back room; suitable
for light housekeeping; $7.
MISSION, 1COI, cor. Twelfth — Nicely furnished
front bay-window room; sun all day;
kitchen connecting: no children. '
OAK, 17 — 3 fur. rms; housekeeping; bath; ele-
gant location; convenient to all cars; private.
O'FARRELL. 431 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 120ti — Model house; new furnish -
ed housekeeping rooms; $5 and $12.
TEHAMA. 44 — 2 front housekeeping: rooms.
' TURK, 545 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath and phone. •>
VALENCIA. 1S7 — Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping: separata
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no small children; rent $22 60.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Three basement rooms
In rear complete for housekeeping. $18.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
»€celved at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. I
I ROOMS TO LET — Furn. sad Unf am.
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of the Grand Army of the Republio
has arranged ._
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market.
Rooma 3 and 4, Phone Jessie 4471,
To act with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private
residences, boarding and rooming houses.
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations aa they have to offer. None but
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the same will be subject to Inspection by
a representative of the Agency, and in all
cases must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will be assigned thereto.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL? ~~
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWN TOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 60 TO $_ 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A '.... SEVENOAKS HOTEL
COR. BUSH AND TAYLOR STS
SAN >RANCISCO »....
MRS. NELLIE HALSEY J. R. FOSTER
NEW AND MODERN FIRST-CLASS RESI-
DENTIAL & TRANSIENT HOTEL; SUNNY
ROOMS. WITH PRIVATE BATHS; LONG-
DISTANCE TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: ENTIRE HOUSE HEATED BY
STEAM: ELECTRIC ELEVATORS.
A. HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA
HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA
636 GEARY ST
536 GEARY ST
..NEAR TAYLOR ST.— PHONE EAST 981..
Contains 100 large sunny rooms, single and
en suite; also bathroom suites; electric lights;
electric elevator; steam heated; European
plan; first- class service; moderate rates;
phene In every room.
A.A. — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st, cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN, 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERT
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP: SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A ASHWORTH
320 MASON ST., bet Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE
..PRJVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
SUN IN ROOMS ALL. DAY
A— HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
'66 GEARY ST., PHONE BUSH 880.
CENTRALLY LOCATED; ELEGANT SUITES
, WITH BATH AND SINGLE'S. *
AN elegant, sunny room for $3 a week; single
rooms $10 a month; bay-window suites $20
up; cars direct to ferry. Cliff House and
Park. 067 Sutter, near Leavenworth.
A— BRUNSWICK Honse, 148 Sixth— Rooms
- 26c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping, rooms; open all night
AT "Th* Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. X
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1,60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 8. 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg. ; strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
ARDELL 15 Paje^ — Large furnished house-
keeping rms.. double beds. $1 25. $1 60. $2wk.
A NEAT furnished sunny room; large closet
220 Ash ave., near Van Ness.
A LARGE ' furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 883 Post st
BURNETT, 1426 Market — (old No. 1364) — Fur^
. niched rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD— 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 413 — Nicely furnished rooms; private
family; modern conveniences.
ROOMS TO LET — Para, mnd Cnfnr->-
FIFTESNTH. near Howard — Cheap: 8 room*
and bath. Inquire 146-1 Fifteenth st. »
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 60o
to $1 80 night; $2 to $6 week: reading-room.
HARRISON. 1626. cor! Thirteenth— Lar_4
sunny room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1076 — 3 rooma In the rear honse; $8.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 641 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished: rooms stngl« or en suite; $1 pec
week up.
LAPIDGE, 20— Sunny furnished room for »en-
tleman; private family; no other rooms. k.
LARKIN, 418—2 furnished, sunny housekeep-
lng rooma; large yard. £j
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny single back room, sult-
able for gentleman; $4 60 month. ' ¦;
MARKET. 1003 H — Large front room to let; $S
month.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooma and,
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo,
POLK, 1643 — 1 large, newly furnished, sunny
front room; running water; $10.
ROYAL Houre, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 30; week. $4
to $9; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cotd water; baths.
SUTTER. 1531—1 large front furnished room
with private bell and telephone.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts. ; north
side of Market; handy to 3 car lines; miuc
have references. Box 13, Call office. ;:
TURK, 416, Regina — Beautiful sunny suites A
single: latest lmpts ; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st. near Market
— 400 slngl» and family rooma; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator: electrta
lights; reading-room; fre« bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Renovated: handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms; mod, conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market-r-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 room*;
36c to $1 60 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; b&ggag*.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Ftllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1089
Valencia st. •
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A— AIRLIE HALL,
1605 FRANKLIN ST.. SW. COR. PINE ST.
PLEASANTLY SITUATED. SELECT
BOARD FOR LADIES.
Young ladies from out of town who wish ts
pursue their studies tn the city will find ex-
cellent accommodat'ns & care; refs. required.
MISS E. D. FORBES. 1605 FRANKLIN ST.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST?
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select prlvata boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; deslrabU lo-
cation: all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace- Church,
with annex. 807 California st — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
1620 GEARY — Large sunny room: hot. and
cold water; gentleman preferred.
HAYES. 671— Nice front room, with board, for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
SILVER. 95 — Furnished sunny rooms; suitable
for gentleman; excellent board; reasonable.
THE JOHNSON. 605 CFarrell st — Sunny
sultea and slnglo rooma. with board; refs.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. *
ROOM and board by business lady In Jewish
family; state price; best references. Box
1190. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C O'DONNELL— Offlc* and residence.
1021% Market st. bet Btxth and Seventh. .
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavtnworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Pa
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases * specialty.
DR. BALL. imZ% Market st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eagew cur»d by Chinese herba. 74<t-g Clay st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 SO drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days* axchangs
agreement Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
st. bet. 5th and «th; phone South 433: elova-
tor: branch. 283 Geary «t. : phone Main 78ft.
STUTTERING AND STAMMEKINO.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: posltlv cure for all. Don't delay.
. SPECIAL NOTICES.
I THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following- orphan and>
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1. 1903, to July 1. 1903:
Violet Dutro. 9 yrs. ; Augusta Dutro. 6 yrs. :
Frank Fassina. 12 yrs.; Louise Feccina. lfl(
yrs.: Josephine Feccina. 8 yrs.; David Fec-
cina. 6 yrs.; Joseph Clancy, 6 yrs.: Rosa,
Alameda. 6 yrs.: Gasper Castell, 8 yrs.: Wil-
liam Castell, 6 yrs.; Martin Castell. 4 yrs.;
Carrie Cano. 8 yrs.; Nettie Cano. 8 yrs.i
Raphael Cano, 4 yrs.; Gertie Robinson, 1 yr.
8 mos.: May Conely. 7 yrs.: Ira Conely, «
yrs.; Otis Conely, 4 yrs.: Benjamin de Rose.
8 yrs.; Maria de Rose. 12, yra.; Margaret
Cowep, 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep, 8 yrs.; Maria
Cowep. 5 yrs.; Willie Cowep. 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Samuel Belogich. 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Paulina
Wolfe, tt yrs. ; Michael Mastrosantl. 6 yrs.:
Mary Belovich, 10 yrs. ; Antonet Belovlch. S
yrs.; Charley del Grendl. 7 yrs.: Louise dot
Grendl. 6 yrs. ; Marion Chapman, i & yrs. *
mos. ; EdmoDd Chapman, 3 yrs. tt mos. ; May.
Chapman, 1 year 6 mos.; Remond Sen well, 4
yra.; Ella Creque. 6 yrs.; Agnes V. Johnson.
7 yrs.: Sam Walsh. 9 yrs.; William Mc-
Kensey, 8 yrs.; Isabel McKensey. & yrs.f
Chariot Sorensen, 6 yrs.; Bernardlne Flynn,
6 yrs. 6 mos.; Catherine Murphy. 3 yrs. «
mos. ; Sarah Murphy, 2 yrs. ; Joseph Mahoney,
2 yrs.: Mary Johnston, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
ston. 6 yrs.; James Johnston, 2 yrs.; Clara
Johnson. 10 yrs. 7 mos.: Ethel Wagner. «l
yrs.; Maria King. 7 yr».; Rose King. 5 yrs.;
I Wlnfred King. 3 yrs. 6 mos.; Henry Kinsr,
1 year 5 mos.; Sam Schmidt 3 yrs.; Mary
McNIckells. 7 yrs.; Agnes McNIckells. T yrs.;
Emily McNIckells. 5 yrs.: John Wagner. VZ
yrs.; Maria Wagner, 10 yrs.; Chester Wag-
ner, 8 yrs.: Clara Futterer, 9 yrs.: Lewis
Cheerello, 6 yrs.; Eva Narvls, 7 yr«.: JohA
Henderson, 3 yrs.: Margaret Bannan. 6 yrs.v
John Green. & yrs.: Henry Pastene. 4 yrs.:
Cella Brand. 3 yrs.; Maria Walsh. 1 year 9
mos.; Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs.; Willie Sum-'
mers. 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Michael Logue. 2 yrs. 2
mos.: Josephine Baker. 1 year 4 nun.; Elsl*
Jenkins. 2 yrs. 6 mos.; Annie McDonnell, »
yrs.; Sadie Mason, 7 yrs.: Frank Logan, S
yrs.; Agnes Buckley. 12 yrs.; Lotti* Camp-
bell. 6 yrs.; Ella Moran 8 yrs.; Margaret
Loftus. 2 yrs.: Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos.;
Florence Buckley. 9 yrs. 2 mos.: Dor*
Glelschner. 4 yrs.; Addle Wesher. 5 yrs.; Jo-
seph Swayne, 1 year 2 mos.: Rachael Myers.
2 yrs. ; Llllie Kearney. 1 year B mos. : Michael
Morgan, 2 yrs. ; Violet Plckett. 10 yr«. ; Frank
White 4 yrs.: John Wlgln. 4 yrs.; Joseph.
Miller. 6 yrs. ; Gracie Hopson. 7 yrs. : Carri*
CoUlns. 6 yrs. : Harriet Meeban. 12 yrs. : John
Kane, 2 yrs.; Gracie Mlhlgan. 11 yrs.; Joseph
Riordan. 6 yrs.; Emma Campbeen, 1 yr*4
Theresa Hill. 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher. 8 yrs;;
Anna Muller. 8 yrs.: Lillle Cashell. 4 yrs.;
Florence Nelson. 2 yrs.; Rosie Fosett. 4 yrs.;
Theresa Donald. 5 yrs.: Annie Brag. 2 yrs;;
Fred Conley. 3 yrs. ; Mary Bryant. 4 yrs. ; Al-
bert Nlcholls. 4 yrs. 9 mos.; George Hoffman,
5 yrs.; Alice Nlcholls. 7iyrs.; Antonta Louia».
2 yrs. ; Theresa Fisher. 8 yrs. : Myrtle Fisher.
7 yrs.; Mary Smid. 7 yrs.: Hilda Holverson.
10 yrs.; Esther Holverson. 6 yrs.; Llzzt»
Regan, 7 yrs.; Celia Regan, 5 yrs.: Mary
Regan. 8 yrs.; Phllomena Morse, 2 yrs.; John-
Maschlnl. 7 yrs.; Hazel Roche. 10 yrs. - %
NOTICE — The secretary of the S*« Francisco'.
Protestant Orphan Asylum Socuty herewith,
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have «een admit-
ted to the asylum on Halght ind La*un*
sts., from Jan. 1. 1903. to Ju.y 1. 1903;
Mabel O Clark 8 yrs. and 10 mos.; Dora
M. Campbell 0 yrs.; Martha Brawn. 9 yrs.'.
4 moa.: Annie Brown. 7 yrs. 1 ma; Christina:
Chrtstlanson 15 yrs. ; Lulu A. Deahl. 3 yrs. ;
Louise Mohr. 7 yrs.; Alice E. Wblghunan. 11
yrs.: Annie Goasset. 7 yrs.; Martha Goassei.
6 yrs. ; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos. ; Frank
O Clark. 5 yrs. 2 mos. ; Joseph A. Keenan. 3
yrs. 3 mos.; James Keenan. 2 yrs.; Hermaa
Mohr B yrs. 8 moa.: Albert WlllUm Whlgnt-
man T yrs.; Albert Caldwell. 2 yrs. 1 ma.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs. ; Frederick Ooa*.
sel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenlcke. 8 yr».
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horns
Society hereby gives notice that they ban*
admitted Into the orphanage from January 1.
1903, to June 30. 1903. th« following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girls.
?;*: Louis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene- Well,
aged 9 years 3 months: Helen Well, aged *
years 2 months: Charles Bernstein, aged 13
years: Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years <i
months: Edna Well, aged 0 years 6 months;
Sadie Markowltz. aged 9 years 5 months;
Louis Robert Ccu.sins. aged 10 yean 3
months; Matilda Stone, aged 8 years 8
months; Isador Klein, aged S years: Solomon
Klein, aged 6 years 1 months: Ida Miller,
aged 10 years & months: Ros« Miller, aged 9
years; Lawrence Maurice B«ck. aged S yean;
Rose Elver. ag-«d 4 years 11 months. ¦ ; ¦
ABANDONED children tn St Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1. 1002, to Jaa. 1. -
1903: Raymond Welch, age 5U years; Ruby
Welch, age 4ft years; Eileen McGtveny. ags
4 years; Esther Fraser. age 4 years.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The "Weekly Cal».
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 V*t tffti-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXP REAL ESTATE.
501-505 EAST Twelfth st., corner Tenth ave.,
' near Thirteenth-ave. station of the local
train; must sell one or both at once; 7 and 8
rooms; strictly first-class and guaranteed In
every respect; terms only $700 cash; owner
on premises; open -for Inspection dally from 9
to 6 o'clock.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
t 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
1916 TENTH ave.; new 8-room house, bath,
finished In hard, curly redwood; nickel and
open plumbing; sideboards and china closets
built In the douse; all decorated and finely
finished; take Btreet car at Eighth and
Broadway; fine, marine view; small cash
payment; owner on the premises.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
522 THIRTY-FOURTH St.. between Telegraph
ave. and Grove at; I must sell, aa I afn go-
Ing to leave the State: house of 8 rooms and
bath; large lot, driveway; In splendid order;
>io. 1 neighborhood; will sell for $1000 less
than value If sale can be made at onco; $800
cash, balance on mortgage; owner on prem-
ises; open from 1 to 5 o'clock daily.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 DOWN— In Piedmont; monthly pay-
ments; cottage of 5 rooms, all In nice
condition; close to cars; street work all
done.
$3000 — Nearly new, modern colonial cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, eanitary plumbing all In
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size)-
Btreet work all done; stone sidewalks
laid; open lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove st ; fine barn gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees-
must be sold; owner away; cannot be
duplicated at the price; must be seen to
be appreciated; terms of payment if de-
sired.
$3500— Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms, bath, high
basement: lot 34x135; good email barn;
all In flna condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 507 25th St., near Grove.
Send for 8-page printed catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN^
I; 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FORCED SALES.
CHOICE PROPERTIES That Must Be Sold.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.
1172 Broadway, Cor 14th St.
$3,500— The home of Thomas Hill, the famous
artist, on the corner of Piedmont ave
and Howard St.; lot 100x125; house of 7
rooms, bath and basement, barn, etc.
$3,250 — A fine modern 7-room house; close to
Broadway; lot 35x100; never occupied-
built for home and owner had to leave
Oakland; $2750 mortgage can remain.
$5,000— A block of land in East Oakland- 300x
300; fronting electric car line- part of
I street work finished; $4000 can be bor-
rowed on this block.
$2,000— Lot S0x200; in one of the finest loca-
tions In East Oakland; close in- 6 feet
above street; street work all done- just
one-half the nrlce of the adjoining 'lot.
$1,500— A lot 47x100 on 14th st., near Mar-
ket; worth $50 per foot; must be sola.
|2i40 °19_?- r 40_i n M l0t ° n Franklin 8t - near
$6,000— Handsome $10,000 home; must be sold-
close to 13th and Madison; lot 50x100-
house all modern and in fine condition :
contains 9 rooms.
$17,500 — One of the finest homes in Oakland;
on the heights; view can never be cut
i off; house thoroughly modern throueh-
| out; lot 100x200; handsome grounds-
• b^use could not be built for this money.'
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th B t.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
• 467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
SNAP.
$2350— Worth $500 more.
MUST SELL NOW.
New house, 6 rooms and bath and a 40-ft.
lot.
Don't let some one else get this and make
you regret it.
A regular midsummer bargain; close to cars
and local train.
List your property with us for sale.
A. J. FNYDER, ~~
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth Bt., Oakland, Cal.
NEW AND GOOD INVESTMENTS.
Large 2-story house of 8 rooms on 20th st •
should be converted Into 4 flats; will sell
for $.'{700: close to Telegraph ave.; loOx
120; $2100.
$500— West Oakland; 25x100; close to 14th.
$1500 — North side 25th, close to Grove.
$2000— Good cottage home of 7 rooms with fine
large garden and lot; on Vernon st. ; easy
terms can be arranged.
FOR GOOD BUYS. BOTTOM PRICES.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 464 Twelfth st.
CHICKEN ranch, very complete and cheap-
good 6-rm. farm house^ large barn. 16 chicken
house?. 3 Incubators (000 capacity), brooding-
houses and brooders; good horse and wagon*
500 chickens. 200 pigeons; plenty fine water
with power; abundance of small fruit, shrub-
bery, berries, shade trees, etc.; all fenced- 0
chicken yards; 1% acres sandy loam soil; this
is a lovely site and home; see it at once; ad-
joining East Oakland; no foes nor harsh
winds here; price, all told, S3500; one-half
cash, balance to suit buyer. Call or send for
circular, 455 7th St., opp. Broadway station
Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES.
$3500— 8-room almost new house; lot 40x115-
barn and complete in all particulars; terms
to suit to responsible party; an exceptional
offer.
F. F. PORTER. 460 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
SEND for printed list; Issued weekly; com-
plete. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broad -
wav Oakland. < .«•;'".*-
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$70 — COMPLETELY furnished residence of 9
rooms; close to Broadway; in finest residence
location in Lakeside district.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITCRK FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Ppst Bt; tel. Bush 135
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work and picking fruit. Ad-
drws H. ICHIYASU. 1221 8d st., Sacramento.
A — ORrHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 4^5
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AN experienced waitress and second girl, best
of references from city, wants a place.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter. near Powell.
WANTED — Immediately, position housekeeper
email family or care of children and assist;
good home preferable to high wages; refer-
ences. Call to-day, present employer's, 622
Natoma st. •
ACCOMPLISHED musician from the East
wishes a few more music scholars; terms 60o
per lesson; piano and organ. Mrs. Steuder,
27 Laskie St.. bet. 8th and 9th, off Mission.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements or Invalids; conscientious service;
references; moderate terms. MRS. KING,
017 Geary st.
WOMAN wants work by th« day washing or
• housecleaning. Call 236 Hickory ave.
E M FLO iYM E NT WAXTEP-— FEMALE.
A GOOD hand would like engagements aa as-'
sistant for dressmaker who goes out by the
day; wages $1 60. Address box 3995, Call.
Oakland. • \
REFINED woman wishes situation to care for
children or invalids; references. Call or ad-
dress 149 Taylor st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as house-
keeper for elderly couple or upstairs work in
private family. 1663 Howard et. ¦
WOMAN wants work by the day or week; un-
derstands general housework and laundry;
good references. Box 2549, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes work by the day or week
to help out In family cooking or housework;
$1 75 per day or $9. a week. Box 2559, Call.
GOOD plain cook with young daughter desires
position; no washing; excellent references.
Address S. W.. box 1197, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing or
ironing; Monday vacant. 19 Stevenson ave.,
junction Market and Valencia. "
A YOUNG colored woman would like W»rk as
second or child's nursing or light housework.
Call or address 1711 Jone st., upstairs.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook by day.
week or month; private family. Address 8833
Army st.; tel. Kate 4274. -^
LADY stenographer wishes position. 30 to 60
dictated letters daily. Box 1S04. Call.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 50 per day. Box 2531, Call offlce.
A GERMAN girl wishes position for house-
work; wages $25. 1610 Folsom.
SWEDISH woman wants situation in restaur-
ant or private family to do cooking or gen-
" eral housework. 118 Day st., . between
Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION, private place, city or country, by
a young Dane <2ti), capable taking care of
fine horses, carriages and garden, and le a
first-class driver; haa references; state wages.
Box 2541. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation In store or pri-
vate family; willing to do any kind of work;
eteady and honest; best of references. Box
2552, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a Civil War veteran, a home;
is sober, reliable, all around man, with best
of references; city or country. Address
VETERAN. «19^ Octavla st
RESPONSIBLE man would like place in offlce
to run set of books and do collecting; $05;
best of references. P. R., 1332 Church st.,
upstairs.
SITUATION by first-class coachman and gar-
dener (Swedish): city or vicinity; best of
references. Box 253S, Call offlce.
STABLEMAN desires situation; is a good horse-
man and worker: strictly sober; best refer-
ences. F. WEBER, 627 Commercial Ft.
YOUNG man and' wife want positions to run
lodging-house or restaurant; well experienced
In the business. Address box 2513, Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, cashier, or
bcth; references. Box 2297. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as coachman or choreman;
?20; city references. Address box 2544, Call.
PAINTER, with tools; day or job work; rea-
sonable. Address PAINTER. 329 Guerrero.
BOILERMAKER; pipe and water tube type.
Box 1803, Call office.
RELIABLE middie-aged German wishes posi-
tion private plaoe, take care of horses; good
driver; plain gardener; city or country; refer-
ences. Box 2558, Call offlce.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by " bookkeeper and accountant; thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 2590, Call. ;
A COMPETENT piano player, is also first-
class zither soloist, wishes any kind of job;
city or country. MOEHRING. 27 Kate et.
GOOD job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience; 0 years with last
firm. 270 Hartford st., city.
ACCOUNTANT of experience wants position;
best of references. Box 2534, Call.
YOUNG Chinese wants position as cook in ho-
tel, restaurant or boarding-house. Address
33 Waverly Dlace.
JAPANESE couple want situations in good
family; man as experienced cook, wife wait-
ress and housework; good references; $50.
HIRA. 518 Jessie st. ; tel. South 99.
YOUNG Japanese neat boy wishes position
cleaning doctor's or dentist's offlce or similar
work; reference; postal answered. T. H.,
418A. Post Bt.
JAPANESE young couple want a position in
small family, man as plain cook, wife wait-
ing and housework; city or country. H. H..
4 St. Mary st.-: „--'¦'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FUlmore.
LIVFKY STABLES.
•.OMKINSON'S livery stables, 67-59-61 Minna
St., bet. l«t and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
Ecrlptios for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
MISCELLANEOUS — I'OH SAL-.
EOILKRS. engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
25 H. P. PACIFIC gasoline englne^com-
plete • $250 00
0 H. P. Tatum & Bowen gas engine,
complete 175 00
4 H. P Tatum &. Bowen gas engine,
complete 150 00
2 H. P. Tutum & Bowen gas engine,
complete 100 00
2H il. P. Fairbanks & Morse gas en-
gine, complete 00 00
4 H. P. automobile gas engine, com-
plete 125 00
2 H. P. Hercules gas engine, complete 75 00
"Magic" pulverizer 60 00
Large fireproof safe 50 00
4-in. gYavel centrifugal pump 90 <*)
25 H P. portable boiler and engine.. 275 00
15 H. P. portable boiler and engine.. 250 00
64 in. by 16 ft. return tubular boiler.. 350 00
48 in. by 10 ft. return tubular boiler.. 300 00
lilt H. P. engine and boiler, complete.. 350 00
.Portable wood sawing outfit 250 00
Donkey hoisting engine, complete.... 350 00
ti'H. P. "Economist" boiler, complete. 75 00
8-in. centrifugal pump, with boiler,
engine, belt, all complete to run 400 00
Saw table, 4 saws and counter-shaft.. 25 00
21-ln. double leather belt, Al shape,
per foot 150
5-8tamp (prospector's) mill, complete. 250 00
20 H. P. firebox boiler, complete.... 175 00
Second-hand machinery of all kinds. See me
last when ready to buy or sell.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale at.
8700 FT. 4-in. screw pipe, per foot 21
9,280 ft 3«/4-in. screw pipe, per foot.. .17?.
10,000 ft. 3'/4-in. screw pipe, per foot.. .15
8,000 ft. 2fc.-in. screw pipe, per foot.. .10
7,200 ft. 1-in. screw pipe, per foot 05
9,000 ft. %-ln. screw pipe, per foot... .04
10,000 ft. %-ln. screw pipe, per foot... .02V,
11. a WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale 6t.
ALL our goods delivered on Crst payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
eult cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged: it will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1S50
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.\
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT '
Repair it with Elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines
pumps, water pipe, bought. Bold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale Bt.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for one
year. 14% gravity oil at 25c f. o. b Bakers-
field. C. E. PRICE. 605 Grant building Los
Angeles.
A — FINE eults, $7 60; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny at.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 76, pop-
ular Price Hatters, 830 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-265 Spear st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
MOTORCYCLE and typewriter cheap. 105
Greenwich st., M. C. LORD.
FOR Bale — Pigeons; beautiful fancy; also va-
riety: cheap. 841 Castro st.
FOR sale — Cheap," good Cleveland bicycle. 14
McAllister St., room 16.
CHOICE runts, homers, hen pigeons reasoh-
able. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
MOVING picture film and song slides, 109
Montgomery Bt. ':
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
metal beds, mattressea.J.F.Hotttr.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st,
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second* hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER. & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic*
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st. i
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RKAL ESTATE.
ALLEN & ELLIS— SPECIALS.
$1050—3 rocms; nearly new; nice little place;
three tlocks from ferry ilne.
f :r.CO — 6 rooms; modern; nearly new; lot 40x
135; two blocks of frrry line.
$1SOO — 6 rooms: excellent condition; bath; large
barn; windmill; lot 60x115; on wide paved
«treet; Weet Berkeley; rare bargain.
$2750^ — 6 rooms; new; modern; bungalow; dou-
ble floors; nice location; near U. C. and
station.
$3000 — 7 rooms; new; nice, fine location; near
Aehby.
$2S50 — 7 rooms; new; near V. C. and station.
$4250^ — S rooms; nearly new; attractive; large
lot; nice garden; gets all the sun; east of
Telegraph.
$4500 — fi rooms; well arranged; all modern con-
veniences; nice location; in good condi-
tion; couth tide; near campus.
$5500^ — 9 rooms: new, uo-to-date; south side;
north of Dwight
$G750 — 14 rooms; exceptionally well built; plate
glass windows; close to university.
Lots In all parts of Berkeley at prices from
$250 to {."'in 0.
We have houses for rent In all parts of the
town.
_ 2121 Center st.. Berkeley.
f25W) — PRETTY cottage en Grove st; Btreet
work all dor*.
$2650 — Pee this up-to-date "Bungalow" cot-
tage; 6 rooms, etc.; etreet work done.
$3250 — Neat home of 7 rooms, etc.. on Dwight
way. near Telegraph; large lot.
$3750 — New modern homes on Walnut St.; 7
rooms each.
$4500 — Up-to-ttate home; entirely new; on Wal-
nut et
$650— fee our sightly lets In the Highland
Tract; view euperb.
Special agents for lots In Daley's Scenic
rark. the Wheeler Tract and Berry Bangs
Tract.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Successor to
MAY & MORTIMER,
Tempo— .ry offlce near First National Bank,
Berkeley.
$2500 — 7-ROOM house, barn; large lot: on
etreet car line; exceptional easy terms to
responsible party.
$!C00 — 5-room house; lot 35x135; one siyjare of
Grove-et cars.
$2500 — 5-room house: lot 60x135; one square
from Berkeley etatlon.
$1650 — 6-rocm house, near College ave.; lot
40x120.
$1000— Lot 4.1x125, east side Fulton; street
work done.
$1600 — 5 rooms and bath; 05x135; Parker st.
$1600 — 4-rpora cottage; lot 60x135.
$2500 — 7 rooms and bath; lot COxlOO; half
block to cars.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
16000— FIN'H house of 9 rooms; lot 70x135;
very conveniently situated.
$C500 — You should see that nearly new house
on a hill lot; view cannot be surpassed; :
a lovely home.
$2C00 — A very pretty bungalow cottage of 6
rooms; street work all done.
$3000 — Xeariy new house of 7 rooms; sunny
eide of street and near station.
$".',00 — New house of 7 rooms; combination fix-
ture?, window shades; street work all ]
done.
$5500 — Nearly n*w house of 9 rooms; large lot.
fine view ; street work all done.
JO? J. MASON. Real Estate.
BERKELEY STATION.
$175 TAKE? lot 50x113. MVRDOCK & CO..
Lorin station.
A!**. Murdcck & Co.. Lorin station. Ikrkcley —
Ti^al estate broker*, owners, builders, etc.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Tbe Weekly
Call. 16 pagcE. tent to tcy address lr th»
T"r.1t»S Ftatw! or Canada cne year for $1.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
J. V. MATTESON,
Frultvale ave.. near E. 14th Ft.. Fruitvale. Cal.
Phone Brook 2t*5.
LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS OF LOTS.
At any price — in any location — on any terms.
AND LOTS AND LOTS OF HOCEES,
WITH LOTS OF ROOM. AND LOTS OF
TREE? AND LOTS OF FHRUBF. AXD LOTtS
OF EVERYTHING TO MAKE THEM HOME-
LIKE: AND IT DOESNT TAKE LOTS OF
MONEY, EITHER. TO BUY THEM. SEE
THESE. I HAVE LOTS AND LOTS OF
OTHERS. AND LOTS OF TIME TO SHOW
THEM IF YOU WILL FAVOR ME WITH A
CALL.
Only $300 down, balance on Installment: ele-
«rant 7-room 2-story hcut*; large corner
lot; modern in evr-ry respect: new; near
station and school; price $2300.
$200 down and easy Installments; 6-room
story-and-a-half house; large lot; good
location; price $2050.
$100 rarh ar.4 the balance on the installment'
plan; fine cottage of 6 rooms and high
basement: large lot; convenient to sta-
tion; a cood buy.
$2300 — 5-room cottage; 1 block from station;
large lot; high basement; gas. electric; [
porcelain bath; chicken house, etc.
$2350 — Ptcre ar.d dwelling; central!y located:
4 rocm«; lot 25x125; an excellent location
for a rrr.s!l business, and on the best
business street.
i: '•¦¦•• — S-roora cottage; near station, school
and electric carp; Just completed; corner
lot; high basement; rasy terms.
$2000 — 4-ronm cottage; lot 100x2S4; fine gar-
den, new barn, deep well, fruit trees, 150
chicken?. Jersey cow; this place is located
In the "warm belt" and only a short dis-
tance from electric car lines.
$2900 — 7-room house; near station; large lot-
pas, electricity, porcelain bath, large pan-
try, tiled Blnk, city water, etc.; a model
home.
$4000 to $2<),000— Beautiful homes en Fniitvale
ave.; large grounds, lawns, ornamental
tree* and 6hrubs. fruit and berries.
Acreage property — I have -cme very fine pieces
of land for subdivision into any «ir«? lots
from one acre up; located on high, level
ground and close to town.
jr. V. MATTESON.
Frult\-ale ave., near E. Hth ft., Frultvale, Cal.
____________ __
1208 Frultvale ave., Frultvale.
Will build you a home to suit on easy terms.
JK50— 8 lots; 200x123; one block from Hay-
wards car line; near echool and conven-
ient to local train.
$C00— Vi acres and acres In bearing orchard:
on macadamized etreet: one mile from
Fruitvale nation.
flO.Vt — Cozy cottage of S large room*: hard
finished: high basement; lot 75x108; large
Ftabie: good well and pump: 3 blocks
from car line; on macadamized etreet.
$1100 — Bay-window cottage of 6 rooms; coiner
lot. 60x100; 2 blocks from cars; 1 block
from school; $200 cash, balance on ln-
Etallments to bank.
11850— $100 cash, balance $2' per month; cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, mantel, rtc; high
basement; corner lot; 3 blocks from
Frultvale station,
$2500 — Cottage of 4 rooms, pantry, closets,
retc; high basement; lot 64xSS0; In bearing
orchard; 6 chicken houses and yards; all
fenced and cross-fenced.
$4000— An ideal home on Frultvale ave.; 10
minutes' walk from Frultvale nation;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; all modern;
one room finished In attic; 2 rooms In
basement; lot £1x203; fine barn; good
well, windmill and tank; variety of fruits
and flowers; this place must be seen to
be appreciated. For particulars apply to
HENIIT BARKMEYER.
Frultvale. Cal. Tel. Brook 638.
A BARGAIN— $400 per acr*: 10 acres, good
house, large barn, well, chicken house, <tc.
!n the best part of Frultvale. Address Own-
er, box S994. Call office. Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of George Washing-
ton. Jefferson, Adams. Napoleon, eta; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture; by mail only. GEO.
. L. GOODMAN, 21S0 Sutter st. San Francisco.
ENGINE wanted; 160 to 200 horsepower and 2
boilers from SO to" 100 horsepower each; state
lowest figure and where can b* seen. Post-
office box 2086. San Francisco. f-
SECOND-HAND cash register: also a type-
writer; state make, price. Box 2530, Call.
TO buy sealskin Jacket, good condition and No.
. 1 . quality. Box 25-17, Call. ¦
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.; tel. Red 3932.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
cold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $2 60. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St., near Jonas.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV& Market st. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Offlce, 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN, 2905 Folsom. cor. 26th — Ladles'
exclusive office and home where relief la ob-
tained In all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs exper'nee.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERB3.
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE. 819 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter,
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In*
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846
Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried 'people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on funiture or piano; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Eav. Bk. bldh 708 Market ; phone Main 818.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
GOOD names; 1% on furniture, 2d mortgage;
any security. 302 Montgomery st., rm. 18.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal; -
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH 'loaned salaried people on notes without
Indnrser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW bargains in slightly used pianos for
this week:
Meyers, square grand $20
Hazelton, square grand 40
Woodworth, upright 50
Symphony, upright 100
Opera, upright 125
Hemme & Long, upright, walnut case.. 150
Denniston, upright, v.-alnut caae 175
Wilson & Co., oak case 225
{ Colby & Co., oak fcaqe 250
Uyron Mauzy 300
Sohmer & Co. 45O
Pianola, piano player 1.10
Cecllian, perfect piano player 200
One new pipe organ 1250
BYRON MAUZY, 30S Post st.
A FKW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June, July:
3 ChlckerlDg $88. $97. $1S«
2 Emerson $95, $113
2 Heine $236. S3S5
2 Etelnway, small A large upright. 11SS. $383
New pianos from $137 up
25 Squares from $10 up
Piano Players, $90 up; rents reduced to $3
up, apply on purchase; installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; teL
Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright left by prlvata party.
$166; great bargain. 237 Geary et.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC PO.. 769 Market st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $85 up. In-
cluding Sterling. Marshall & Wendell, Haines.
German, Everett. Sherwood & Jacobson and
others; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16-20 O"Farrell. No branches In S. F.
BAND instruments; F. Besion. Paris, maker:
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
tklllful repairing; M-hand instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe, 3-Dedal upright plan?
at great Iocs; leaving city. 920 O'Farrell st
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayei st.
BARGAIN: good upright; must be sold at
once. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
£OHME*lt, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st—
Steck. Everett, Ludwltr and other good pianos.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
$25 — NO. 534 Bush st.. between Dupont and
Stockton: large store and rooms. Apply to
B. M. GUNN & CO.. 313 Montgomery st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$350 — LADY partner wanted; one-third inter-
eat. Call 200 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
PERSONALS. — — —
YOUR FORTUNE
TOLD BY THE STARS
The Dlanets govern your life as the moon
controls the tides. Advice on all affairs of
life, marriage, business, speculation, etc. Send
10c with birth date for my new book on Astrol-
ogy and I will give you a reading of your life
with description of whom you should marry.
PROF. S. F. POSTEL. Lansdowne. Pa.
FREE this week, at * my parlors, 3 hydro-
vacuum and electric massage treatments; re-
moves wrinkles, tan and freckles; investigate
my treatment for fully enlarging and devel-
oping the bust; electrolysis my specialty. Call
or phone MRS. I. BARRETT-WILSON, der-
matologist, Callaghan bldg.. Market and
Jones sts.; phone Folsom 3567.
ATTENTION! Graphophone and Phonograph
users — To Introduce our newest process mold-
ed records we are Instituting a special pre-
mium competition; write or call for particu-
lars and ask about our new language records
In French. German Spanish and Italian.
Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary st.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES -REMOVED.
Wrinkles/! yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; tn plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure, 201 Turk st: Bruce D. Kimmls. Mgr.
HEALTH Culture, Mental Culture, ¦ Physical
Culture. This combination insures the full,
est realization of all the best that life af-
fords. ¦ Write for special free trial offer.
Prof. Anderson, Dept C. 850 Market st. -
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth ; stops f alllng.cures dandruff
and itchlnc scalp; no stain or stickiness;
I cleanses scalp; at druggists", hairdressers" ; ac-
cept no substitute. StarRemedyCo.,385 Geary.
.....WRINKLES REMOVED
...FINE COMPLEXION GUARANTEED...
; New method: 60c. MME. M. LUTON Mani-
curing Parlors, 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoat,
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market at ¦
10c — SPECIMEN copy Scientific Marriage Im-
primatur: bis sensation. 209 Kearny at;
. . , >. - - . -..¦¦¦¦..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$4000 — Handsome 8-room house; Adeline sta-
tion; choice section; fine Interior; cost
$6000; Investigate.
$8500—2 modern up-to-date residences; never
occupied; C and 7 rooms; near car lines
and locals; your own terms.
$3250— Buys elegant 7-room house; solidly
built; lot 50x150; clos« to car line, locals
and churches; cheap.
$3500 — 9-room house same as flats, and cot-
tage; rents from $36 to $40; never vacant;
pplendld condition; follow this up.
$3250 — Fine 6-room cottage In select neighbor-
hood; 6 years old; lot 37:6x142; near
Twenty-seventh and Telegraph; good buy.
$2000 — Neat 6-room cottage; situate Linden st. ;
close In; high basement; good lot; I 1 ..
years old.
$2000— Bay-window cottage. 5 and bath; lot 44
xll2; street work complete; fruit trees,
berries; near Linda Vista.
$1SOO — Worth $2500; will pay Interest on $3000;
7 rooms; lH-story house; close to locals
and car lines; street work complete; snap;
easy terms.
$1500 — Neat 6-room cottage, lot 60x125; street
work done; close in; easy terms.
LOTS.
$25 per foot — Fine corner lot. 75x05; eltuate
Telegraph ave.. near business nucleus in
this city; splendid value.
$12 60 per foot — Choice elevated lots. 140 feet
deep; near upper Thirteenth ave. ; $50
down. $10 a month; any frontage desired;
arrangements to build on time also.
$50 per foot — Grand crown-hill lot: uninter-
rupted view; 60x125; Oakland ave,. near
Santa Rosa; ¦well worth $60 per foot.
$50 per foot— Another sightly elevated lot. 70x
125; elegant view; etreet work complete;
a rare chance.
$2250 — Fine piece of ground, size 316x221:6;
eltuate In one of the best vicinities of a
growing neighborhood; excellent chance
for investment; price will be raised Au-
gust 1.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4G0-4C2 Eighth st.
Oakland. Cal.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.
10C0 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$375— Sightly lots, 40x120; elegantly located:
fine neighborhood; street work complete;
<Mose to cars, schools, etc. ; one-half cash,
balance easy.
L. T.
$500 cash, balance Fame as rent — Six new
homes, ranging from 6 to 8 rooms, with
every modern idea for comfort and con-
venience ; gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing etc.; large lots; etreet work
complete: close to schools, cars, etc.;
price low; terms very easy.
S. D. W.
$C75— Fine lot on Grove St.. 45x113; street
work complete; close to Santa Fe's best
Improvements; will soon double.
S. F.
$1 700 — Cottage. 5 rooms, bath, high basement;
lot 37:6x115; fruit, flowers, etc.; between
car lines; street work complete; property
cheap at $2000.
0502
$2750 — House 7 rooms, bath, etc., with every
modern Idea for comfort and convenience;
latest tinting: gas and electric lighting,
etc. • fine surroundings and location; clos*
to Telegraph ave.; $500 cash, balance
same as rent.
0511
$5 000— Two elegant flats. 7 and 8 rooms and
bath each: every Idea for comfort and
convenience; between Telegraph ave. ami
Grove Ft.; close to buiiness center,
schools trains, etc.; now rented at $5."j;
v.ill pay $C0; this is an exceptional bar-
gain.
0505
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.,
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
51«3 25x132 level lot on sunny side of Pleas-
ant Valley ave.; sewered.
$9 00 per foot— Idora Park lots: 200x100; only
200 feet from Telegraph; any sue or
terms if desired.
$1C5O— Sunny side of Thirty-eighth st. near
Telegraph- cottage 5 rooms and bath. 2<x
. 127- " •
$o r ,rx> Cottage 5 rooms and bath; extra room
in floored basement. 25x115; n*ar school.
Adeline station and cars; would exchange
equity for lot.
•neon jc<>w 2-story house. 6 rooms and bath;
34x100- barn; Twenty-flrst st ; : very de-
elrable property and cheap at $2600.
$3000— $500 cash; cottage 7 rooms and bath;
IiOxl25: fruit trees, lawn, garden, etc.;
; electric lights.
$5500— Exchange for other good property: pair
,u^w— g __ oom fa ls on northwest corner; HUx
100- $5000 insurance; $CCO Income.
i S. M. DODGE & SON.
> Agents for the Realty Syndicate Properties
and their « per cent interest bearing certlfl-
cate8- 1160 Broadway.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
» Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
500.
17 500— Lot COxlOO. with four stores; between
Broadway and Washington; cheap at
$10,000; all rented. !
•4 500 50x100; businees corner with six stores;
In Alameda; all rented; cost $7500.
• S 0 000— 100-100 ft; 3-story brick bloc; one of
the finest corners with half block selling
for $2000 front foot; cheap at $100,000.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Tel. Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
A FEW low numbered contracts that were
given up can be secured for a premium of
one-half their value.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Call at offlce for particulars.
OAKLAND HOME COMPANY,
L. M. McKENNEY. Mgr.,
872 Broadway, cor. 10th st, Oakland.
BLODGETT'S SNAPS.
I have a fine comer property that Is paying
10 per cent on price, which Is $15,600; lot lOOx
150 feet; one 10-room, two 7-room and two 5-
room modern cottages; always rented; gas and
all in first-cla^s condition; this is a snap for
some one that has money to Invest; Is worth at
least $23,000.
I also have a fine 3-story building, making
3 flats of 6 rooms each, that is paying 10 per
cent on $5000. price asked; best location in East
Oakland, close to Twenty-third-ave. depot.
We have all kinds of property to exchange
and many snaps In cheap cottages. ..with terms
to BUlt L. BLODGETT,
1153 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
W. P TODD. 1070 Broadway,
REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BUILDING LOTS.
$12 60 per foot — On north side of street. lOOx
100; between Telegraph and Grove.
$16 per foot— East of Telegraph ave.. 60x115;
new houses all around; near new electric
line. -nW; ' .¦} ¦«;.> y-'-^ '.;
$1 000— A fine building lot on corner. Telegraph
'• ave.. 52x110.
WM P TODD 1070 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
WANTED for cash customer, eom» Realty Syn-
dicate 6 per cent certificates at a discount.
ALSO
For sale, 8 lots near Idora Park, 201 feet
east of Telegraph ave., at $225; cash.
W. E. BARNARD.
476 Tenth at., Oakland.
FOR SALE.
$8500 — Two elegant flats, 7 rooms each; will
pay 9 per cent on the Investment; lot 50x
150; on Webster st. near Thirteenth.
C. K. MaSsHALL,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12,^1903.
44
j HELP WAITED— FEMALE — .*??"_»_.,
WANTED— Head waitress for hotel, $35: 2
waitresses, country hotel, . Sonoma County,
$25; chambermaid, assist waiting, Oakland,
$20; chambermaid, assist waiting, springs,
$25; 2. waitresses, springs, $25; 'i waitresses,
hotels, San Jose, $25. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. -
WANTED — Hotel housekeeper; experienced.
$40; 2 cooks, small country hotel. 15 paople,
$30 and $M5; cook for Institution, $50. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
WANTED — Infant's -nurse, references, $30;
nurse for institution, $20: infant's nurse for
Oakland, $25;/nurse for 2 children, near San
Rafael, $25; head nurse, San Rafael, $25; 2
nurseglrls. $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. *
WANTED — Girl, general housework. 5 In fam-
ily, $25; housework, American family of 4
grown people, $25; girl, housework, 4 In
family, near the Presidio. $25; girl, house-
work, no washing, near San Jose, $25: girl
for housework, 6 In family, $25; housework,
3 In family, $25; also 4 In family, $25; asslst-
antvin boarding-house, $25; also 21 other girls
for housework for American and Jewish fam-
ilies at $20, $25 and $30; German or Scandi-
navian girl, 3 In family, for Menlo Park. ?_&.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED— Tray girl for sanitarium. $20:
chambermaid and lroner, Los Gatos, $25;
laundress for springs, $40; laundress, country
hotel, $25; laundress for family, $35. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — German cook, no wash. San Ra-
fael. $35; first-class cook. 5 In family, for
San Jose, $35; waitress for same place, $30;
first -class cook for across the bay, family
work, no wash, $40; girl, general housework,
no washing, Berkeley, $25; German cook, no
wash. $30; general housework, Napa, $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33* Sutter.
WANTED— 2 second girls. $25; German second
girl, $20; second girl and seamstress, $25;
second girl, Ross Valley $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
"WANTED— A girl for general housework; 4 In
family; no children: wages $25. Call Monday
at 330 Halght St.; German preferred.
EXPERIENCED and Inexperienced salesladies
with good reference. Apply Monday between
8 and 9, The Gamossl, 101 Post st.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladies'
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
dept.. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st. .
$5 PER 100 addressing envelopes; send dim*
for instructions; steady work. MILLER Sc
CO., Ely bldg., Chicago.
WANTED — 20 salesladies for suits, coats,
waists, etc. Apply this (Sunday) morning,
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS chocolate dipper; good pay;
short hours; steady work. 538 Washington
st ; Monday.
WANTED — A young lady, quick at figures, for
wholesale house. State experience and salary-
Box 2546, Call.
WOMAN of tact and knowledge of business
methods for commercial position. Box 2531,
Call office.
ELDERLY German lady to assist in light
housework; small wages and good home. 0-15
Jessie st. .
LADIES wanted throughout State to sell high-
class specialty. Box 25C7, Call. |
TEN girl?. National Laundry, 411 Sanchez
St.; Ironers and machine hands; gi«od wages.
FINISHERS on] men's white shirts. ROGER-
SON'S, 535 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking;
small family; $20. 415 Capp st.
WANTED — A girl to work in candy store.
IS'-'j Polk st
SALESLADY for stationery store. Apply S.
JACKSON, 1941 Mission st.
YOUNG lady for carpet sewing. Mission Car-
pet Store. 2020 Mission st.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex-
perience. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Mar-
ket et.
Exijerlenced operators muslin underwear; be-
glnuem paid. G.W.Reynolds & Co., 607 Mtaelon.
GIRL for light housework for a small family.
Call bet. 10-12 a. m.. 1842 Sutter st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS: STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32% FREMONT 8T.
ATPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
82% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED ludy bookkeeper, one under-
standing typewriting for commission house;
give references and wages expected. Box
23C6, Call office.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages: steady position. I. MAGNIN _ CO..
C56 Mission at
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
good wages; steady employment 656 Mls-
Blon St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and in-
fanta' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGX1N,_ CO.. 656 Mission st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory Central
ave. and Waller st.
A — Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 yeari;
terms easy. 816 O'Fajrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
WANTED— 2 first-class waitresses for Hotel
St. James. San Jose: wages $25: fare paid.
TAILOR system M. E. FLYNN
Dressm'k'g. ladies' tailoring, r. 130, 1236 Mkt.
WANTED— Salesladies for waist department
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
CORSET maker; must have experience. MME
WALTER. 503 Powell st.
YOUNG woman to assist with housework;
sleep at home; $10 per month. 3713 17th st.
YOUNG, fclrl assist in light housework; good
home; small family; $15. 260 Rose ave.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or writs . B. CLEMEN3
HORST CO.. 122 Battery »t . San Francisco.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
WANTED — Experienced demonstrator for
cereal product; state salary. Box 2571. Call.
WOOL sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI MARX. 134 Bluxome st.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton st. rm. 13.
NEAT, reliable girl, general housework. cook-
Ins; small family;' good wages. Call be-
twtcn 9 and 1. 2116 California st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beer, established at 1096
Valencia st. •
— — "
¦ - — _ .
PACIFIC .PACIFIC.
EMPLOYMENT EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY AGENCY
520 Sacramento St
Cor. Leldesdorff St
PHONE MAIN 1191........ .1191
- ..Our Office Open To- Day Sunday, 10 tol2. . .
Watch Our Ads. In Monday's Paper (To-
Morrow). The Job You Want Will Ba There.
Come Get a Free List of Jobs
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cook, • i1~r, t cook, $150; col;»r»-u waiter, $32i
baker, £U>>: helper for baker, $40 and - found.
WANTED — Experfenced young man In com-
mercial stenography and typewriting on .Un-
dcrwocd- machine; position permanent; good
prospects ' for promotion; must be bright,
thoroughly reliable and furnsh best of ref-
erences. ¦ Box 254S. Call.
TWO young men about IS. years to sell West-
• ern. Star soap with advertising wascn; wages
$1 per day and 10 per cent of sales. Apply
Monday 7:30 a. m. at Remmer's Livery,
Eleventh. and Franklin. sts., Oakland.
PORTER wanted to carry out packages and
keep store clean; :nust be a young man about
20 years of age. ! . Apply after S> a. m.' at the
Stevenson-st- entrance. CHAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor, 721 Market st. >
EDBI.P WA5TEP — MALjE^Coa.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
SO Third St., near Oall Bldg. Phon* Boaa 405.
FREE FARE.
E. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNXEIfc
10 tlmbermen. $2 50 a day.
10 saw and hatchet men. $2 50 a day.
10 carpenters' helpers. $2 50 a day.
12 carpenters, $.1 50 a day.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day. t
10 drillers, $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE.
490 section hands all parts of California.
FREE FARE ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
10 teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILL1TS. UKIAH.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
12 laborers. $35 and board.
1 edgerman. $80 and board.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARS.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners. $3 to $5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 ' lumber handlers and laborers, $23 and
board up; ship dally.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO CO.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 23 a day.
12 laborers mill and yard men, for lumber
company, $30 to $40 a month and board.
FREE FARE MONDAY.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing. $2 50 a day.
Man and wife, private place, care of non«
and cow and cooking, $50. __"____
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 69 Third st
RANCH foreman. $60 and found; gardener. $30
and foun>J: 2 men about place. $30 and found:
2 assistant gardeners. $25 and found; 0 men
and wives for ranches and private famine*.
$40. $50 and $73 and found; 2 butter- makers.
$40 and $50 and found: milkers. $33 and
found; choreman for ranch. $30 and found;
choreboy. $10 and found; porter and driver
for country store. $50 and room; locksmith
and saw filer. $2 50 day; blacksmith helpers.
$2 and $2 50 day: ahlngle sawyer, drag saw.
yer. band sawyer; sash and door macnins>
man. $3 day; sheep herder, $30 and found;
10 miners, $2 50 to $3 day; laborers, Quarry-
men and others. J. F. CROSETT A CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Active, capable man In dtlaa wher*
union labor la employed to manage profitable.
permanent business; $2000 a rear. American
Industrial Federation. Louisville. Ky.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack slgr.s.
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Advertising Bu-
reau, Chicago.
YOUNG man for mercantile offlcs who can
write and figure well; state age. experience
and salary expected. Box 1802, Call.
WANTED — An experienced wrapper In dry
and fancy goods at JOE ROSENBERG'S. 81H
Market st
NEAT, bright cash boys wanted; steady posi-
tions. Apply superintendent's office. Em-
porlwm, Tuesday morning.
PORTER wanted. Bohemian Club, corner Po«C
st. and Grant ave. • _-
GOOD blacksmith helper ready for work. 1370
Turk st.
MEN wanted to take contract cutting boilers.
Apply BERCOVICH, 5th and Webster. Oakld.
BARBERS — Good-paying 4-chalr shop In offlc«
bldg: bargain. DECKELMAN. 108 Ellis at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expresa or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bid*.
STENOGRAPHER and assistant bookkeeper;
apply tn own handwriting, stating age. expe-
rience, reference and salary expected; good
situation for experienced man. Address G. li..
box 2597. Call office.
BOY In tinahop; learn trade; 16 years, S33
Mission st.
THREE competent young men wanted. Call
forenoon. Emma Spreckels bldg., room 308.
BARBER shop for sale. 1103 Howard st; do-
Ing good business; must sell.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w» pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the V. 5. Marta* Corps, able-bod-
led, unmarried men. between 21 and 33; good
character: must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea. on rnen-of-war In
all parts of the world, on land In oar Island
possessions, and at naval stations In tin
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.; 222 ft N. Main
st.lXos Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K »t. Sacra*
menlo, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rackroen and
rough carpentars for ditch and Cum* wore
Apply at ofsce. Placer-tile. Cal.. or room IK
26 Montgomery st.. San Francisco Construc-
tion <io.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women a&d
children. . Call or write to E. CLEMENd
HOP.ST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue «nd full particulars mailed fre*.
Moler System Barber College. 633 Clay at.
WANTED— Laborers and machanlca to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
ruiis Denver House. 217 Third it; ISO larr*
rooms: 23c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
lst-class barber shop for sale; 3 chairs, 3 bath-
rooms.Uundry office. Ad. E.M..Vacavllle,Cai.
WANTED — Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence. 311 B st.. San Rafael. Cal.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60a up: soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. Atn.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bid*. Past Com. Ofo.H. Thomas PostO.A.R.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. C63 Misslrn st. bet 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. ;~c night: readme rooms;
1t*+ 'bus and batreajre to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WACOM.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sal* at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOT. Oon-
xales. Monterey Co., CaL ,..'- \
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold as
faciific*. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
3-SPRING business buggy; in good condition;
cheap. 141 Hit h ave.. near Cal. : also harness.
CAMP wasons with tents, cooking utensils,
etc., for hire. 2020 Polk st
SADDLE horses. 3 roadsters, 2 larg» pair draft
horses: cheap. McCUE. Corte Madrra.
SURREYS, buggies and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate ave.
NEARLY new heavy cart and serviceable
buggy for sale. 824 Potrero ave.
TWO business horses and one camping wagoa
for sale; cheap. 736 Folsom st
RARE chanci; 7 good horses; must b» sold.
327 Sixth st
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and Kocart for sal* cheap. !S32 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.II.UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list "of houses
to let BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
BAKER. 2118. cor. Jackson — A nicely furnished
corner house; 11 rms..bath.basement; stable;
choice location for a doctor; $75 per month.
HAYES. 1617. near Lyon — New modern house
of 10 rooms; key on premises.
$20 — 0 rooms and bath; newly papered. 323
Castro st. near Seventeenth.
HOUSES To/ LET— FURBISHED.
NICELY furnished house. 5 rooms, bath and
basement; good location; piano, phone etc ¦
rent $50. Box 2550. Call. * *
PACIFIC ave.. 2181— Finest apartment In*
town; furnished. THE MCCARTHY CO 643
Market st *
HOUS-3 TO __T— -OTiTnHMTr
WELLESLEY Park. San Mat'eo County—*!
room furnished house; fruit; bath* atliM^
hdur from city. MEEK. 90S Mission!
LOST AKD FOUND. " "
LOST — From 1C02 California st . a whit- fe-
male fox terrier: dark ears and face- anawm
to name Beauty. Liberal reward If' returned
to above address. returned
LOST— Small Irish terrier; male; collar- •.-.
and tall not cut; reward. 115 Halght st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savln*«
and Loan Society of San Francisco in ?£
name of CHARLES J. M. NELSOV si ~i
667. The finder will please return' to ba^kT
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savtn.a
and Loan Society of San Francisco, to th.
name of CATHERINE DITFT N^mit
The finder wtll please return to bank. M1B *
LOST— A lady's neck fur. near German HosnT
tel. July 9. Finder please return to &£
Jackson st. and receive reward.
£^u5^^ie^S^^ Sn^
-old and ,uv« to ma*. _£ £_£«£_**
CARPET-BEATING AKD CLEANING.
'AIR, compressed, dry, Ice cold. Is 'now unlver-
/ tally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
. floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with- your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
' ing Works. 855-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. : tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS." excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COXLKCTIOJfOFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected Epeedlly. CO-
LT/!iBIAN LAW AOCY., r. 85, 916 Market:
tef Red 618: collections; gen'l law business
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 5530.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
1323 Washington st. near Jones.
_________
SrTlUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room 614, corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crqwn, $3 50; fillings, 60e;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, SI 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD flilinsrs 75c. silver S5c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates frea.-
New York D»nt'.«ts. fi€9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
UltKSSMAKEHS .* SEAMSTRESSE?.
MCDOWELL DRESSMAKING AND MILLIN-
ERY SCHOOL— Open all the year; thorough
course In millinery; both seaeons taught: the
leading system of dresscuttlng, fitting, finish-
ing and designing; easy payments; any pat-
tern cut to measure. 1010 Market at.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION', sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
arte button fk buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EnUCATIOXAL^^
h^aTd^^h^olTof^lectrical engi-
neering — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day, night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; ln-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 Post st. S.
; F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course tn all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening eesslons.
DANCING— Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary st,
rcom 4;t; ladles' and gentlemen's, private In-
struction; reception dally: phone Black 3738.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Fostei.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S04. Van
drr Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of yhorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fail. S. F. Buslneta College, 12.'!C Market st.
WANTED — By an experienced teacher to In-
struct pupils who are prevented from regular
attendance at school. Address box 2539, Call.
ZlTHERleseons Riven by MAX~MAIER, teach-
cr of the zither. 301A Turk St., near Leav-
enworth.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Paint-
; ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Suiter st.
bookkeeping, grammar.writlng,
: etc.. day or eve.; to mo 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
I Pittmnn shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $S mo.
IIKALD'S BuMnfM College. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
founded 1W",: new SO- page catalogue free.
KIN AJT CIA L. .
INVEETM^NT^Bonds payln^o^per~centr"free
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company: interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. San
Francisco.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
cold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING ,AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32ti Post.
IF you have idle capital and want one per cent
per month on it/ paid quarterly, address box
l.'2D. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
FOR rent — Unfurnished: in new 7-room flat, a
bay-window front bedroom and a dining-
room, tORether with use of newly furnished
jarlors and grand piano: also kitchen, with
gas range. Kit li. etc. ; everything new and
tirst-claxs; Park Panhandle; adults. Box
2."-'S, Call crtlce. # j
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will ga\-e you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary st, on
the square.
PARK flats;, new; elegantly nnished: on Sec-
end ave. and C st. one block to McAllister
cars; B rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45: sunlight all arouad: open.
CALL for printed list flats and houses to let;
something new each day; we'll find what you
want. LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery.
I UPPER flat, <j sunny rooms; new. all modern
I improvements; rent $:!0. Owner can be seen
at premises, 4'i?0 Eishtecnth St.
Sl!» MASON, near Pine — New sunny S-room
flat; bath, cellar; $57 50; reliable, permanent
tenant only.
BAKER, 7H3-743-747— Lower, middle, upper
flats, (i-G-7 rooms; new; modern; sunny.
ELEGANT modern flat, 10 rooms, 2 baths; rent
t'-HK 811 Hyde St., near Sutter.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, basement, yard,
stable; cheap. ;;501 Mission St., near 31st
GREENWICH, 2727— L'pper: sunny; 0 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
HAYWARD. 2, ofT Harrison, near 8th— 2 upper
sunny 4-room flats; rent $10 and $11. .
SUNNY lower flat; choice location. 2S65
Washington at., bet. Scott and Devlsadero.
TO, LET — Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
8 - ?V OR SALE—KURMSIlliUJ.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room flat Inquire
14. r »8 Hayes at., near Baker; no dealers.
\ FMAITUKE FOIt SALE.
TEN rooms furnished; must sell; fur. good; of-
fer wttnted; $475. Call Monday, 130 10th st.
PUUMTUltlS VVA.\T_D.
L. AND L. Auction Co.. 1059-61 Mission; phont
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc
A. WOLLPKRT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furnlture.^carpeta.
1IKLI» WAXTMJP FEMALE.'
A WAITRESS and parlor maid, $30; a cook
for sanltorium, $40; a cook for small Ameri-
can family, $45; a nurse for 2 children, $25-
a nurse lor one child, $30; 20 good house-
work girls for city and country, wages $15
to $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Suiter, near
, Powell. . .--•¦¦¦
LADIES wanted to take up our Bilverwrire club
offer; nothing to sell, canvass or to write; no
.capital needed: the newest, best and most
honorable, genteel opportunity to secure a
handsome liii-plece set ¦ of fine table silver-
ware; latest pattern; prepaid for only ?1 eO -
illustrated particulars tree. The U. S. Silver-
ware Co.. Wllke3barre, Pa. v
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work* removal of superfluous hair taught
from I A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $2o per week; school day
a nd eve. 233 Geary, r. 13 ; maids prepared-
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
. treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
,fi r: 56 2 weeks; day and evo. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236- Market, cor. Jones, r. 94. \
WANTED— Refined young lady* as companion
ror a lady; understanding music and a good
penman; assist with light housework; refer-
ences required. 418 Montgomery st. :
$20 PER 100 writing letters home. Address
for particulars. Electric, Remedy Co., Dept.
101, 235 So. Michigan, South Ben.l. Ind.
A SALESWpMAN of good appes.-ance; state
experience. Box 2537, Call. .
HELP WAJfTEP—MAliE— -Con.
OPEN TO-DAY
(SUNDAY).
MURRAY & READY.
"634 and 636 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5S48. PHONE MAK* 5S4_
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS, ¦
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1003 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men. Work.
WE SHIP YOU' FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE- TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. Oregon.
San Fernando Washington.
Los Angeles County. Central America.
Arizona, Wlllits, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OODEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men! cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc.. $5, $4, $3 50, $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY,
_ . 634 and 636 Clay st
EL DORADO COUNTY.
3 laborers pile lumber, fare paid. $45 found.
HE IS HERE TO-DAY.
2 engineers, gold mine. $3 day.
Watchman, gold mine. $2 75 day.
4 single and double hand miners. $S2 50.
TO ALASKA.
10 laborers. See ua.
Big Sawmill North.
25 laborers, fare paid, go to-day. $30 to $80
found.
To Paradise — Boss Here.
55 teamsters, laborers. $75.
55 drillers and hammersmen, $75.
GOLD MINE. SOUTHEAST.
3 engineers, double cylinder hoist. $3 day.
18 miners, boss here $82 CO.
BIG ICE PLANT NORTH.
25 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 mouth.
5 YOUNG MEN. SPECIAL JOB. #75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
20 coal miners $3 to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES — R. R, FARE PAID.
.85 rough carpentera. manager here. $108.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers etc.. different divisions, lnclud-
lng'Santa Barbara. San Luis Obispo. Milton.
Farmlngton GHroy Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER,
COPPER AND COAL.
56 miners single and double hand, some 8
hours $85' 500.
16 tlmbermen. different Jobs. $30.
105 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
364 laborers, no experience required. $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and bammersmen, $15, $85.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$67 50. /
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work. Includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills,
etc. $2 50 and $2 day, located in San Fran-
cisco and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50. $1 75, $2
and ?2 ."(• a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands, 15 fruit pickers. $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$40 and $5O and found.
16 hay balers. 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES,
lfi stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
» and SW).
20 choremen, ?40, $35. $30 and 23 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
IC farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70,
$C0, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. "$85. $60. S5O and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. ?3 o0, $3. ?2 50, $2 day.
9 wagon and carriage makers, $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4,
$3 50, $3 day.
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, frea
fare, ?r>0 and found.
15 coopers, lie; & carriage painters, $00; 8
brick molders. $3 50 day; plasterers, $5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers. fare $1, $2 23
to $3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks, all over California, $90. $30. $73,
$60, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons,' harvest outfits, etc.
18 waiters. M.".. $40, 5CO and found.
36 pot and dish washers. $35, $30. $20 & fd.
19 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers. ?30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up.
0 bakers and helpers, $55, t4l>. $3O and found,
12 boys learn trades.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
YOUR FARE PAID
TO 69 SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS. ETC
YOUR FARE PAID
Located in 4 States and 2 Territories.
£60 laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods and mills.
O night crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150, $100, $90, $90, $70, $60, $50, $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
______________ ___
Porter, city saloon. $11 week.
Blacksmith, city camp, $5O and found; bed-
maker, ?3O and found.
Baker for Arizona, fare paid. $14 week fd.
Quarry foreman, $75 and house.
Ratchet setter. Alles block. 25 M mill. 583.
2 foremen, excavating, city job. $3 day.
6 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $00.
2 bakery wagon drivers, country. $25, $35 fd.
2 guards for a gold mine; boss here.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, ?4 fd.
Cook. State hospital: plasterer. $5 fl«) day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Young man as an unrlerstudy to
an advertiser; must be a college graduate and
be a^rood grammarian: state- age. experience.
If any, and salary expected. Apply Box 2299,
Call office.
¦ TRAVELING salesman for California to sell
retail trade; attractfve salable line; estab-
lished high rated house. Box 17 Detroit,
Michigan.
! WANTED — Younff men or established firm,
every county, to sell high-grade typewriters
and office supplies; small capital required.
Address Typewriter, box 067. Orange. N. J. •
STEADY boy of good appearance about 16
years old to run errands and do other office
work; must live with parents: salary $20
to start. Address box 2545. Call.
ASSISTANT manager for shoe store; must un-
derstand the business thoroughly; give expe-
rience and state salary expected. Box 11S9,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED jewelry salesman wanted;
state experience, reference and salary ex-
pected. Box 2561. Call.
EXPERIENCED floor man_wanted for retail
store In city; state experience and salary ex-
pected. Box 2536, Call. :
GOOD, strong" boy about IS years old to work
in clove factory. F. G. CONKLIN & CO.,
413 Sacramento St.
WANTED — Men everywhere, good pay. to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack slgns,etc. ;
no canvassing. feattottU Ad»\l!ureau.Chicago.
DETECTIVES — Every locality: good salary;
experience unnecessary. International De-
tective Agency, Milwaukee. Wis. -'¦.- •¦«¦¦
WANTED — Traveling salesman to sell stapl*
line to general merchandise trade In Califor-
nia; bond required. Drawer S, Chicago.
A YOUNG man about 17 with some knowledge
of billing or bookkeeping. M. FRIEDMAN
& CO.. 237 Poat St.
WANTED — Cutter on men's heavy work. Ap-
ply Stllson Shoe Co.. Tacoma. Wash.
A BOY about IB for furniture department M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post at.
HEAD washer: must be first class. National
Laundry. 411 Sanche* at.
GOOD, willing boy. age 14 to 16; steady work.
Apply at 101 Post st- -
CIVIL service Government positions — Examina-
tions socn; hundreds whom we prepare are
annually appointed; catalogue of - Information
free. ¦ Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C. V
MAN with references for commercial traveler
to call on merchants and agents; experience
not required: salary $24 per week, with ex-
penses advanced. National. 3Xi Dearborn
st. Chicago. ' - . ,
TRY our shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 .Third
st. Examiner building, 5 doors from Market
WANTED — Several persons of good character
in each State for house* of good standing;
salary $20 cash weekly, with expense money
advanced. Colonial, Caxton Elder.. Chicago.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
OPERATORS on ladles' cloaks and suits
D. M. DAVIDSON A CO.. 52 First st
TRY our men's shoes union made, at $1 pair:
-- foot-form shoes at $3 SO; we pay express or
, mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bids.
V BUSINESS CTTAXCES— .Continued.
WANTED — Real estate solicitors; liberal com-
missions. EDWARDS, 131 Montgomery st,
rooms 11-12. . '
$200— PARTNER in first-class real estate of-
fice; good opening for energetic young man.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery st. rma. 11-1-.
$1000 — BILL-POSTING business In Santa Cruz;
no opposition; a great chance for a hustler.
$150— Real estate business In Santa Cruz;
large furnished office; low rent; lots of prop-
erty on the books. Central Real Estate Co.,
2140 Center st. Berkeley. Cal.
THOMAS & WILSON,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
1027^ Market et.
Have Removed to 1104 Market st.
Phone Jessie 4471.
$1000— FIRST-CL_SS~7aloon; 5-year lease. In-
cluding 24 rooms upstairs; large stock of
liquors. 131 Montgomery St.. rooms 11-12.
$125 — RELIABLE man for permanent place;
pays $75 per month; experience not required;
short hours; light work. 1016 Market, r. 10.
$300 — Coffee and chop house; sales 523 daily;
$200 cash, balance to suit LUTTERMANN,
916 Market st. room 54.
$150 — Restaurant; first-class all complete. D.
McRAE & CO.. 627 Mission st 1
FOR sale — Old established fine paying candy
business with factory. For parttculara ad-
dress Box 2564, Call office; no agents.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar. 1250 Sanchez st,
cor. Clipper. /
SALOON business for sale very cheap If
taken before 15th inst. Apply to owner, 45
Van Ness ave.
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable informa-
tion. Box 2555, Call office.
STALLS In general market for rent; space
suitable for grocery, delicatessen store and
creamery. Call 2614 Mission st. ¦
$4000 — GOOD paying grocery and general mer-
chandise business In Oakland. Address box
- 39»2. Call office. Oakland. .
$10C0 — FOR sale or exchange for city real es-
tate, old lumber, coal teed business; long
lease. Proprietor. 2S13 Mission st.
$150 — CIGAR store; transfer corner; . good
trade; going East. Box 25C2. Call qjfflce.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar. Apply 1 Bruce
place, off Folsom. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
HAIRDRESSING parlors; cheap; value In sight: :
good location; retiring. 1153 Mkt. bet.7th.-6th.
BAKERY and delicacy store for sale; must be
sold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call office.
LOUGLN G-tlUUSES . i; * Olt SALti: v
H. C. DECKER. 006 MARKET ST.
COR STOCKTON & ELLIS. Phone John 531.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOLtobS,
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
W)-room corner house, only * a>5 !^
21 rooms, only $300 cash, bal. paym'ts 1,100
II rooms, only $150 cash -iW
12 rooms on Geary st., near Powell... SoO
26 rooms on Market; clears $200 l.OoO
24 rooms on Grant ave., only 2,400
12 rooms, new furniture cost $1200.... 600
Ort rooms. Just finished 5, 500
48 rooms, clears $.300 per month 5,000
30 rooms, on Howard st, clears ?200.. 1,700
56 rooms, elegant corner clears $350. . 5,800
Hotel and bar, SO rooms, clears $500.. 10.0C0
24-room house on Howard st S00
100 houses from 5 to 5(X> rooms; all prices.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE..
I HAVE REMOVED TO 1KK» Market, cor.
Stockton and Ellis. H. C. DECKER.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $1000
68 rooms; south of Market; rent. $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part casn; bal. easy. 650
11 rooms; good income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent J40; lease.. «iiu
120 rooms; good lease: low rent C5oO
67 rms; apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roarihouses. flats. 5 to 10(1 rooms. .
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$3C00— 2S RMS.; O f Fan-ell; lease; Income J2C0.
52000—15 ras; elesant; O'Farrell: clears $1CI».
$1200 — 16 rooms; O'Farrell Et. ; clears $7.V
$600—9 rooms; Leavenworth St.; clears $40.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery st.. rms. 11-12.
THOMAS & WILSON, "
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
1027 V4 Market st,
Have Removed to 1104 Market st.
( Phone Jessie 4171.
MARION .GRIFFIN, rm. 40(5 Examiner bldg.—
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
. ROOMING HOUSES.
$GT»O — GREAT bargain; 10-room house on Eddy
st; positively clearing $40. iOC2 Market, r. 4.
$6T>0 — 11 rooms, beautifully furnished: flrst-
class In every way ! # 612 Taylor. D. McRae.
BUNNY, well turn. cor. flat. 14 rms: rent $37;
price $650, 204 Second st. upstairs.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st
SPIRITUALISM. •
READ on page 48 of Ismar's miraculous cure
of a cancer for a lady In Santa Barbara.
MEDIUM card reader; readings 25c; sittings
dally; ladles only. 252 Natoma et, bet.
Third and Fourth^
KATIE HEUSSMAN. test circle Friday even-
ing, 25c; sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance; Sun-
day eve.; 50c. 1115 Post st: 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT~ONCE~AND^SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry: in fact, I will tell you every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
pelf. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and loEt vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures; hours -40 a. m. to 8 p.
m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 820 O'Farrell st., 326.
CASHMIRE. CASHMIRE. i
1007 Vi Market St., San Francisco.
Clairvoyant and trance medium, renowned for !
disclosing your past and realizing- the present
and future. ,If you wish the best and positive
revelations concerning all things interesting
your welfare, be assured that she will undoubt- !
edly give you satisfaction. She can be con- '
suited on business, mines, love, divorces and
marriages; brings the separated together, gives
names, facts; < tiothing so difficult but she makcd
plain; removes evil Influences and cures evil
habits. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Regular $3 \
readings for $1 ; full $5 Ufa reading for $3. I
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Exam-
iner bldg.; the reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
•guaranteed; readings by mail. Tel Black 1500.
IS_AR, the.Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Mario:
et, cor. Turk; private readings Oally. 10 a.
ni. to 5 p. in.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't eend currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant card reader; readings, 25c; will give
full planet reading and answer « questions
by mall, $1: when others fall try me; send
date cf birth and lock of hair. ,402 Frank-
lin st, near Grove; send P. O. money order.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies. SOc: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant pitting. $1 B0. 126 Turk St.
MRS. A. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give good 10c readings
for short time only; where others fall try
me to convince yourself* .402 -Franklin st,
near Grove.
READ on page 48 of Ismar's miraculous cure
of a cancer for a lady In Santa Barbara.
A — Mrr.e. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st, near llisrion.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission et. nr. Cth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city,
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME. MARFEAU, clairvoyant, card reader:
ladies 25c; gents 50c 645 Minna st ¦
MRS. 8HAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448H Jessie st. bet. Bth and 6th.
CHIROPODISTS.-
DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market. 5th "flT rm.
597 — Corns, bunions, lngr. nails treated $1;
hrs. 0-6; Sun., 10-12; phone Howayi 3226.
DUNLAP , FOOT. INSTITUTE, B0 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
CENTRAL Cfcurch (Methodist Episcopal).
Klcslon st. between Sixth and Seventh —
Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and Herbert F.
Brlggs. U:30 a. m.. Bunday-school, ftolla
V. Watt superintendent. 11 a. m.. sermon
ty Herbert F. Brtggs. «:15 p. m.. societies
of Christian Endeavor. 7:80 p. m., concert.
Programme — March triumphal (Verdi), or-
chestra; contralto eolo, "Prayer" (Toeti),
Miss Logan Tooley; flute solo, concertina
tBucher), Mr. Rex N. Hamlln; overture,
"Bridal Rose" (Lavallee), orchestra; violin
eolo. "Bouree" (Papini). Charles E. Robson;
recessional, inarch, "Fest" <Gruenwald). or-
chestra, fc p. m.. the Rev. Henry Epellmey-
*r. D. D.. of Newark. N. J.. chairman of the
book committee of the Methodist Episcopal
church, will preach on tJ.e subject. "The
Romance of the Life of John Wesley." The
Feats are free and the people are welcome.
61MPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at U a. m. on "The New Life." Rev. A. II.
Brlggs. D. D., will be the preacher at the
evening service. Sunday-school at 12:30 p.
m.. C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Epworth
League at 6:45 p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody,
president
GRACE Church <Metho<!ist Episcopal), corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts Th« Rev. Henry
Fpellmeyer, D. D.. of Newark. N. J., will
preach at 11 a. m. The pastor. Rev. F. M.
Lerkln. Ph. D., will speak in the evening
fit 7:45 o'clock on "The Yosemlte Valley; Its
Religious Impressions."
CALIFORNIA-ST. Methodist Church, corner
Calif orcia and Broderick ets. — "The Message
of Isaiah to the Church of To-day" w:il be
the subject of the sermon by Rev. Clarence
Reed at 11 a. m. "Days In Rome and the
Vatican" will be the, subject at 7:45 p. m.
Sunday-school. 9:45 a. m. Epworth League,
6:45 p. m. J. H. Hallowell, organist and
chorister.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.
D-, x>astor, will preach at both services. At
11 a. m.. topic. "Of Mora Value Than Many
Sparrows." At 7:45 p. m.. topic. "Go Show
These Things." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational. Fifteenth, near Mis-
sion— Rev. George H. <3e Kay will preach at
II a. m. on "Jesus of Nazareth — the World's
Greatest Discovery." At 7:45 p. m. a spe-
cial eermon to young people on "Waking
Vp"
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Jackson and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. D.. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Sermon topic. "God's Light In the
Soul Self-Revealing." Evening service at
7:45 o'clock. Sermon topic. "Christ's Meth- ]
odf With Inquirers." Sabbath school at
9:30 a. ni.. orchestral music. Christian En- I
deavor meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meet- 1
ir.g Wednesday evening at S o'clock. All are i
cordially Invited.
FIRPT Prerbbyterian Church. Van Ness ave. i
and Sacramento et. — Rev. William Park
Guthrle rastor. Services at 11 a. m ar.d
7:45 p. m. Rev. H. C. Mlr.ton, D. D., will
preach at bcth services. Pablmth-schocl 12:30
p. m. Christian Endeavor 6:15 p. m. Wed-
nesday evening prayer meeting at S o'clock.
All are cordially invited.
ET. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Call- |
fornia ar.4 Octavia tts. — Rev. George G. E!d- j
redge, pastor. Morning sen-ice (communion) '
at 11 o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 1
o'clock. Sunday school at 0:45 a. m. Chris-
tLan Endeavor Society, vacation. Prayer \
meeting, Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
UNITARIAN Church <Second» corner Twen- i
ti^th and Capp sts.— Rev. Jay William Hud- |
eon. minister: Mr W. C. Maxwell s ur«rtn-
tendent of Sunday school. The Sunday i
school is at 9:43 o'clock. Morning pervice. !
11 o'clock. Mr Hudson will preach; sub-
ject. "A Pacific Coast Parliament of Ra-
tional Re'.'.grion." Music by orchestra and
choir. Mr. Jabish Clement, director. Even-
Ing service when specially announced.
TRINITY Church, Bvfh and 'Joujrh sts. — Serv-
ices. 7:30 a. m. Holy communion, 9:30 a. m.
Sunday -school. 11 a. m. Morning prayer anj
litar.y; preacher. Rev. W. F. Venables. i
p. ra., evening prayer; j>reach»r. Rev. Clifton
Milton. All are welcome.
FIRST Baptift Church. 320 Eddy st— rreach-
ing by the Rev. Dr. T. Edwin Brown at 11
a. m.. on "Visions," and at 7:140 p. m. on
"Perspective." Bible school at 12:30. Y
P. S. C. E. at <5:3O. Prayer meeting on
Wednesday at 7:45 r>. m. fck-ats free and all
invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
blo<-k. 223 gutter et., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
tutject of lesson-Kermcn, "Sacrament." Sun-
flay rchool fcr children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
fr*-e reading room. 206 Kearny rt., rooms
T1Q&-T.IO; all are welcome.
A GREAT mass meeting to-day at 3 o'clock,
for men only, at the Young Men's Christian
Association auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts. The Ollphant Sisters of Chicago will
sing, by special request. "Sowing the
Tares." Rev. Louis J. Sawyer will give a
ehort talk. Seats fret end all men invited.
FULTON-ST. Hall. 217 Fulton St.. near Van !
Ness ave. and McAllister st. (two blocks J
west of City Hal!) — Mr. Wm. Magowan of
Belfast. Ireland, will preach the Gospel this
(Sunday) evening at 7:45 o'clock.- Meetings
on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday even-
ings at same hour and place. All are heart-
ily Invited.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge Theosophical Society —
Free public lectures every Sunday. 8 p. m..
Flood building 809 Market et. Subject to-
night "The Ideal of a Universal Religion."
by Mrs. N. A, Shaw. Miss Walsh will an-
ewer ejections. Open discussion meetings
Saturday. S p. m. Library and reading-
room open daily 1 to 4 p. m.
THE Theosophical Society — San Francisco
Branch, headquarters Odd Fellows' building.
Public lecture, 8 p. m.. by Mrs. Mary A.
Hasty; eubject "Man and His Bodies."
Lotus Group, 11 a. m. £tudy class, Thurs-
day, 2:30 p. m.
HERMETIC Brotherhood's weekly social. 508
Van Ness ave., Thursday evening S o'clock.
Last meeting: until September. 1903.
MEBTIfl SS — SUBDAY.
REV. F. E. FORD will deliver a sermon on
the bounding aims and objects of the Orange
Institution on the evening of July 12 at
First Christian Church. Twelfth St.. near
Howard, the anniversary of the Battle of the
Boyne.
A — TESTS; grand opening of Bible Spiritual
Church: members and public invited.' Front
Hall. 909 Market; Mrs. Gill'ngham, Tobias.
Wilson and other mediums; 2 and 7:30; free.
MRS. WERMOUTH and Dr. Cowan's spiritual
test meeting to-night. 8 o'clock. Fraternal
Hall. Odd Fellows building, corner Seventh
and Market Ets. All welcome. Free. .
SPIRITUALISTS— Odd Fellows' bl-i*.. 7th and
Market: 6 p. m., lecture, A. S. Howe; tests;
Mrs. Howe. Mrs. Elizabeth Holmes; doer fee
10c
MRS. EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night 3250 Twenty-second st., bet. Mis-
Eioa and Valencia. 8 o'clock eharp.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; developing circle to-morrow night, 25c
618 McAllister et ; come, skeptics.
"NOW" lecture; Henry Harrison Brown,
"Business." Odd Fellows' Lids., 8 p. m.
sharp; music.
Mrs. Stoddarfl'e seances, 10c; all get tests cf
recognition; Sun., Tues.; eit daily. 278 8th.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual business medium, life
reader; dev. circle Wed. eve. 1424 Market
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; eit dally; test circle every night; 10c.
KATIE HEUKSMAN. test circle Friday even-
Ing. 25c; sittings dally, low Harrison st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night
10c; eittlngs. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5. '
Sl'ilfPAY LECTfllES. — —
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
thla evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle
'MO Market et. Subject, 'The Secrets of
Life." followed by views of a visit to Rome
the Vatican and the Pope; free tickets will be
distributed for X-Ray exhibition at Sani-
tmiuni Tuesday evening; remember the ques-
tion box; special music.
MRS. ELIZABETH DEURESS of the Los An-
geles School of Metaphysics will lecture this
evening In Golden Gate Hall at 8 o'clock
eharp. Subject. *The Law of Vibration."
Admission free- >•:-.•
"DESTRUCTION of the Heavens and Earth
Foretold," a lecture given by the Christdel-
jjhlan Society. Union Square Hall. 421 Post
ct. at 11 a. m.; seats free; no collection.
DR. PAYNE'S special feature at Golden Gate
<maln hall). C25 6utter et.. at 8 o'clock: mur-
der trial and courtroom scene by hypnotized
subjects ; 10c. reserved seats. 25c.
DR. COLLINGn, Canadian psychic, lecture
Golden Gate Hall this evening at 8. Sub-
ject "Love." 10 cents.
MEETING XOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from F. W. McLean la Hampton
plaoer mine, on McRea Ridge. Plumaa
Co., Cal.. draining Into Nelson Creek,
which reaches middle fork of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
t t . ro 2 m M Flood bM S" Baa Francisco. Cal..
July 27. 1903. at 1 :30 p. m. *
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived truncation to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. 6. Kerr. In Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Valleclta, Calaveras County,
Cal., iralnlar into Wade* Gulch Creek!
which reaches StanUlaus River, gives notice
gj«* » m ** ttn S will be held at room 06.
S%fTx3b?_.'}™ etoc * <M -. Jul7
MKKTIXO NOTICES-— Contlnn**.,;
ORD3NTAL Encampment No. 57. I. O.Bl ja
O F. — Members will please assemble'Nf ~
la hall on WEDNESDAY. July 15, XV
at 8 o'clock, for the purpose of taking^ X
part In the reception given to AN . H.
BARNES. P. G. P. By order of C.' P.
ANCIENT Orler of United Workmen, v< j\HTs>
attention — Supreme Master Workman-^S^
W. H MILLER will arrive In BanHgte
Francisco on THURSDAY. July 16. 'dS^
and a reception to him has been ar-
ranged to take place in Stelnway Hall, 232
Sutter et. on THURSDAY EVENING. July
16. at 8 o'clock, at which time the supreme
master will thoroughly explain the ne*- plan
recently adopted by the Supreme Lodge. All
members of the order are cordially Invited
to be present.
C. T. SPtNCER, Grand Recorder.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association.- %»^i*?*>
The above association will hold Its "VYX>j|
regular annual picnic in Shell Mound "¥•'"•!
Park. Berkelt-y. on SUNDAY. Au- CCV_£
gust 2 1903. Numerous gate and •r^Qfc
game prizes. A first-class union band will
be in attendance. Amusements for every-
body. Don't forget the date, as this Is the
picnic of the season . Sunday. August 2.
P. DEASY. Chairman.
A. J. CRONIN. Secretary.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK CF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be htld at No. 400 California street the
banking-house of said bank, in the City and
County of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
1803. at the hour of half-past three o'clock
in the afternoon cf Bald day. for the pur-
pese of considering and deciding what dis-
position shall be made of the new cr In-
creased capital stock of said bark that may
be authortted by said stockholders on said
Cay, and of providing how, to whom, when
end at what price and under what conditions
tald new or increased capital stock may be
•eld. andrfor the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors of said
bank what to do in the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
as President of the Bank of California.
Dated July I. 1P03. ; •
NOTICE cf meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bask of Call-
fcrr.'.a will be held at the banking-house. 400
California street San Francisco, on TUES-
DAY. July 14. 1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of stock will
eloae on Tuesday. July 7. 1903, at 3 o'clock
p. m.. and will reopen en Wednesday. July
16, at 9 o'clock a. m. By crder of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20, 1903. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees wtll be elected.
C. R. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGESTS WANTED.
THE only authorised life of Pope Leo XIII,
written with the encouragement, approbation
and blessing of his holiness, by Mgr. Bernard
Oreilly, D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years
lived in the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pcpe; .this distinguished American au-
thor was summoned t<T Rome and appointed
I by the Pope as his official biographer; ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
end all church authorities as the only official
biography cf the Pope; over S00 pages, mag-
nificently Illustrated; unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
free. Send 35 cents for postage to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO.. 328 Dearborn st, Chicago,
in. -
AGENTS — W« have an article that every
woman wants and will buy if her attention
is called to It
We want women of sense, energy and push
for that purpose; every sale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? Are
you energetic? If so. call bet 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.. room 315. Phelan building.
WANTED — Agents for "Life and Work of
Pcpe Leo XIII": $10 to $20 per day easily
made: largest, newest and best beck; offi-
cial indorsements; lowest retail price J2;
highest commission or ealary; outfit free;
order to-day. Imperial Publishing Cc. Catho-
lic Book Deot, Chicago, 111.
AGENTS— We want a number of reliable and
energetic lady agents for Stockton and ad-
jacent territory; article entirely new and a
rajiid seller: a rare opportunity for workers.
Call Monday and Tuesday at Yosemite Hotel,
Stockton. MRS. I. H. BLAINE.
"SCHEMES and Fakes of America" — A good
book for cgents. mail order dealers and eth-
er?; knowledge Is cheaper than lgnorancs
every tim<\ sometimes twice; send 10c for a
copy; do it now. PACIFIC BOOK CO., 120
Sutter Et. Pep't C. San Francisco, Cal.
BEGIN business for yourself ;. stop working for
others: we Etart you in profitable mall order
business at your home; pleasant work: im-
menf-e profits; unlimited possibilities; full in-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOWARD
CO.. Denver, Colorado.
AGENTS— New. improved, changeable sign;
large, perfect; quick seller to any store, res-
taurant, etc.; free territory; illustrated circu-
lar. Climax Novelty Co., dept W.. St. Louis.
AGENTS wanted — Portrait agents; 10x20 frVme.
*rla;>. back, nmt and portrait complete, K. O.
B. r-hicagn. 72c; no extra for group*. CHI-
CAGO COPY CO.. 447 Ogden ave., Chicago.
AGENT?— $25 to $75 weekly selling Allen's
Fountain Brush and Bath Outfit. Write
ALLEN MFO. CO.. Toledo. Ohio.
OUR lady agents are making $3 to $5 daily In-
troducing our goods. Call 543 PoRt st. room
66. between 8 and 10 a. m. dally.
$5 TO $10 per day easily made selling our Per-
fection Flavoring Powders; agents wanted.
Long Bros.. Mfrs.. ©50 Broadway. Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast Prof. Ray-
mond br.ok8tore.640 Ellis. By mall if desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBt! W. K^NG, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611: all cases, damages, estate;, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
Ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all cases;dlvorce. estates,
collections; no fees unless successful ; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Frl.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 1>27 Market ;tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance coet in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Market st., r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty iQUlck.qulet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. opp. Hale' a.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttorneys rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg., SO3 California st ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Mar.
ket st. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market
L. 0. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket st; consultation free: no fees in advance.
AUTOMOBILES.
For sale — Knoxmoblle. latest model, run
only a, month 5975
Locomobile, dos-a-dos, nearly new. 1 ..... 500
California surrey, good condition S50
MOBILE CO., Golden Gate and Van Ness. £j
DICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
FINE bicycle very cheap; coaster and duck
brakes. 53O',£ Hermann st, cor. Webster.
nOAItDIXG FOR CHILlJKEX. j
NICE home for Infants or children by one
who loves them. 1818 Prince at.. Berkeley. .
.HV^ l -^?- ss - y. UAXC|3s -
WARNING ~" '"—"¦' ~%-~~^,
To the— ' l
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
which will <3o the work of hundreds of men
and horses,
On or about July 20th.
Upon its completion no stock will be offered
for lees yian $1 per share. Until then a few
shares remain to be sold at 50c. for cash or in-
stallments. Persons desiring to see this •
Marvel of mechanical ingenuity
can do so by callin; at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO.,
C01-602-603 Examiner Building!
PROSPEROUS hardware and plumbing busi-
ness for sale In a thriving dairy and -fruit Ir-
rigated district in San Joaquin Valley; does
$20,000 business annually; monthly payments-
work for 4 men in shop; a good opportunity
for an active man. Kor particulars address
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st, San
Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Parties to take interest In a new
invention (patented) for purpose of incorpor-
ating; object, to develop power from running
streams of water, ebb and flow of tide waves <
. and wind. Box 1139. Call office.
WANTED — Established business In or near San
FranciV>eo; from $5000 to $5000; dry goods or
men's furnishings preferred; will take half
interest in established business; must stand
thorough Investigation. Box 1200. Call office.
A LITTLE STORY OF A BIG SUCCESS
How $100 made $1000 Jn thirty days; mailed
free; no horse racing, oil wells nor rold
mines. F. G. HOGAN & CO., Commerce
blog. f Chicago, III.
PLANING mill and a half-acre land In a city
• for $2500; only $500 down; can dear $2500
year sure. Address box 2554. Call office.
FOR sale — The only millinery establishment In
Santa Clara; 20 years' etandlng. . MIS3
ELLA MADDEN. Santa Clara, Cal.
GOOD opening for live baker; no opposition;
bay town. S24 Potrero ave.The extraordinary price of 13D0 guineas
was paid recently at Christie's, in Lon
don, for a set of twelve illustrations In
charcoal and wash by Fragonard.
There is not a single negro In either
House of the South Carolina General As
sembly this year. It is the first time that
this has been the case since the enfran
chisement of the negro, although last
year there was but one colored member.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON. |
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1&02. 1003.
June 28 7.30O 6,100
June X) 7.00<) 6,100
June 30 7,060 0,100
July 1 7.060 «,1CO
July 2 6.S20 H.1C0
July a 6.5S0 «,100
July 4 0.340 5.SS0
TUOLUMNE RIVEK AT LA GRANGE.
" Second Feet.
DATE. (
1902. I 1003.
"June 28 : :U40 4,(«0
June 2-J ">M0 4,300
June 30 3,140 4.1C0
July V 2.t'9'J 3.850
July 2 2.470 :i..'t70 ,
julyS 2.C50 2.910
July 4 2.050 2,0'K)
KINGS RIVEIt AT RED MOUNTAIN.
1902. j 1903.
Juno -'S 3.7H0 6,780
June 2!) 4,110 6,20.0
June 30 ••• 3.020 4,«80
July 1 •*».«<» W22
July 2 3. WO O.OftS
JulyS -.5S1 4,110
July 4 2.138 3.440
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE. ;
1902. 1903.
June 28 .* •• M 78
June 29 "8 78
June 30 <« 78
July 1 '? 78
July 2 71 «4
July 3 «} «4
July 4" <1 51
. ? « |
Dr. Willey, for the Government, has I
been conducting for some time a food j
test, six young men being the subjects.
In the four weeks they have been tak- !
ing it their freckles, moth patches and '
pimples have disappeared, and their '
cheeks have become a pretty pink. This •
hint to the women need not be pointed
out. They would find such a hint buried
under a ton of statistics.
The fence around the St. Louis exposi
tion grounds will be six miles long.
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 11.— The forenoon
session of the International/ convention
of the Baptist Young People's Union was
largely taken up by the Interesting exer
cises of the salutation of the flags, con
ducted by Rev. Dr. Walter Cafley of Chi
cago. This ceremony consisted of a large
procession of banners, borne by young
ladies, representing all sections of the
country. Following this was a call of
the roll, with responses by delegates from
the various States. Territories and
provinces, detailing the progress of the
work in their districts. The afternoon
session was devoted to the Junior branch
of the society, the exercises being upon
the general subject. "The Light of the
World."
SALUTE THE FLAGS.
Delegates to Baptist Convention Par
ticipate in Interesting Exercises.
Recently Issued Instructions prescribe
that, in the garrison kitchens and can
teens of the German army, home produce
only shall be, so far as possible, used.
American lard and fat are not to be eaten.
The use even of foreign jams and con
serves is forbidden.
25x80 feet; west Hne of Castro street, 105
feet south of Henry, between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth: lot 25x125 feet, southerly
line of Sixteenth street, 40:S west of Al
bion avenue, with two two-story frame
houses of seven rooms and bath each,
renting for $690 per annum; southwest
corner of Twentieth and Alabama streets,
improvements suitable for: business pur
poses; lot 23x104, street bltumenlzed, west
line of Homestead street, 240 feet north
of Twenty-fifth, double lot.' level and
ready for building, surrounded by new
houses, lot 50x125 feet. <
Easton, Eldridge & Co. have sold 123x60
feet on the south line of- Sutter street,
87:6 feet west from Laguna, . running
through toEwing place, with three eight
room houses fronting on Sutter street and
three cottages on Ewing place. The pur
chaser, whose name is not given, will im
prove the Sutter-street frontage by erect
ing nine flats thereon and will remodeJ
the cottages on Ewing place into flats.
Sunrise quiet hour services In five city
churches at 6 o'clock this morning were
attended by thousands of delegates, al
though they had been occupied until late
last night with convention business. From
8:30 to 9;30 sessions of the Christian En
deavor School of Methods were held In
eight churches.
At 10 o'clock a conference of State, dis
trict and local union officers began at
Central Presbyterian Church, President
Clark presiding. Well considered ad
dresses, containing many valuable sugges
tions to Christian Endeavor workers,
were delivered by Henry H. Marcrusson
of Chicago; H. N. Lathrop. Boston; John
A:; Rockwood, Portland. Or.; Fred W.
Chamberlain, Detroit: Rev. C. H. Hub
bell, Columbus, O.; Rev. Joseph S. Ro
dey, Harrisburg, Pa.;' John R. Clements.
In taking the initiative in the advocacy
of such union the Christian Endeavor So
ciety points to Its priority of establish
ment as justification.
"To 1 Evangelize the World," this is the
keynote of the pleas of the noted minis
terial orators of this country and of Eng
land, who, 4 by their zeal and eloquence,
are stirring the souls of the large audi
ences which attend the sessions of the
International Christian Endeavor conven
tion and the numerous auxiliary meet
ings. That a definite plan for carrying on
the work will be adopted before the con
vention adjourns Is probable.'
Complete registered returns of accred
ited delegates have not yet been compiled,
but at the lowst estimate there are now
fully $000 in the city, and the total number
of visitors Is not less than 20,000.
Two pleasant Impromptu features of the
convention have been the presentation by
Chaplain Robert E. Steel of the United
States navy to President Francis E. Clark
of a small American flag, said to be the
first raised by American troops over
Cavite, and the expression, given by Rev.
R. J. Campbell of London, to the senti
ment of unity- growing between Great
Britain and the United States.
DENVER, July 11.— A movement of sig
nal Importance in the rellgiou3 world
has been launched by the Christian En
deavor convention, now in session here.
It Is a tentative proposal to work for the
amalgamation of the Christian Endeavor
Society, the Epworth League and the
Baptist Union, and It will be presented in
the form of a petition from the Endeav
orers to the other two national bodies.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two yean of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner'* inches. . The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by J, B. Llpplncott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF RIVEBS.
Endeavorers May Unite
Epworth League and
Baptist Union.
WOULD JOIN ALL
THREE SOCIETIES
Both suffered ugly lacerations as a re
sult of their encounter with the animal.
They immediately summoned a physician
and had their wounds cauterized. The
accident is likely to put the champion
back several days in his training.
The bear was captured by the proprie
tor of the springs and Fitzsimmons built
him a house. When he tried to induce
the animal to enter the place he refused
and would not budge., Fitz then called
upon Jeffries to aid him in the task, but
the combined strength of the two boxers
failed to budge the beast.
While they were busily engaged in try
ing to induce the bear to enter his new
quarters Fitzsimmons' pet fox terrier,
thinking that hia master was in trouble,
went .to the rescue. The dog bit the bear
on the nosa and this aroused the ani
mal's ire and he Immediately attacked
the canine, chewing it up badly.
The two pugilists tnen went to the res
cue of the pet and .finally succeeded In
tearing him from the grasp of the angry
bear. No sooner was the dog set loose
than the bear turne'd on the men and
succeeded in biting botn of them ere they
could make their escape.
Word has been received In this city of
an encounter which Champion Jim Jeff
ries and his trainer,' ex-champion Bob
Fitzsimmons, had with a big bear at
Harbin Springs. The two noted pugilists
were both badly bitten by the vicious
animal, Fitz In the leg and Jeff In the
arm and lee.
Fitzsimmons and Jeffries Engage in
Fierce Encounter With Beast
at Harbin Springs.
NOTED PUGILISTS BITTEN
BY A BIG, VICIOUS BEAR
A session devoted to the junior Endeav
orers was held In Tent Endeavor this af
ternoon. "Father" Clark presiding. The
features were an Illustrated address,
"Cut Loose," by Rev. C. H. Tyndall. D.
D.. of Mount Vernon, N. Y.. and "The
Story of Old Granny." by Rev. W. F.
AVilson. D. D.. Hamilton. Ontario.
A Bible students' convention, conducted
by the Watchtower and Bible Tract So
ciety of Allegheny. Pa., is In session ai
the Gettysburg building In this city and in
connection with It Is a convention of "bt.
lievers In the atonement sacrifice vt
Christ." President A. E. Williamson of
Allegheny is in charge and C. T. Russell.
author of the book on the millennium,
"The Plan of the Ages," Is one of the
chief speakers. To-day fifty converts
were baptized by immersion. The follow
ers of this aect believe that Chriat re
turned to earth in the spirit form in 1S7*
and that the millennium will come In ten
years more.
Binghamton, X. Y., and others.
Simultaneously the convention proper
was In session at the large tent In Camp
Endeavor. Rev. Dr. James I* Hill of
Salem. Mass. ..presided.
"Our Resources and How to Develop
Them" was the topic of the day, and ad
dresses were made by Rev. Stephen T.
Northrop, D. D., Kansas City, Mo.; Pro
fessor Amos R. Wells. Boston; Harry S.
Myers, Hlnsdale, Mich.; J. I. McClelland.
St. Louis; Rev. George W. Wright. Chi
cago; Miss Anna G. Fraser. Santa Mon
ica. Cal.: Rev. George W. Pollock, Buck
hannon. W. Va. : George B. Graff. Boston,
and Rev. A. K. Blois. Ph. D.. Chicago.
Rev. Dr. J. F. Carson of Brooklyn. X.
Y., conducted a noonday evangelistic
meeting at Courthouse square, a great
crowd being present and manifesting
much enthusiasm.
Roman Catholic Archibishop of San Fran
cisco (owner) with J. W. Smith (contractor),
architects Shea & Shea — All work for a frame
schoot building on let on E line of Alabama
street. lOi N of Twenty-fifth, N 103 by E 73;
$23,495.
Aureiia Solar! (owner) with LuUI Cuneo
(contractor), plans by owner — All work for a
2-story and basement frame building on lot on
E line of Leavenworth etreet, -'5 N. of Filbert,
N 25 by E S7:t>; $5300.
Rector and vestry of the Church of the Ad
vent (owners) with Thomas W. Whalley (con
tractor), architect Rebuilding of organ
for church on Eleventh street, near Market;
$1800.
Walter P. Johnson (owner) with Alfred Le
gault (contractor), architects William Mooscr
and Edward G. Uolles — All work except finish
hardware, gas fixtur««. shades, wainscoting,
painting and varnishing for a 3-story frame
building- (flats) on lot un S line of Clay street,
10tt:3 E of Devisadero, E 25 by S 127:8)4;
$seoo.
John Flournoy (owner) with H. H. Larsen
& Bro. (contractors), architect William Curlett
— Brick and terra cotta building on lot on SW
corner of Seventh avenue and C street, W 120
by S 200: $13,000.
Henrietta L. Birth (owner) with Amos Dan
nenfelser (contractor), architect owner — All
work for two 4-room cottages en lot on NE
corner of Wieconsin and Twenty-fifth streets.
25 by 100: 12700.
Italian-Swits Colony (owner) with Richard
Keatlnge (contractor), architect Hemenway &
Miller — Concrete work for a wine warehouse
on lot on W line of Battery street. 137:6 S of
Greenwich, N 137:6 by W 137:6; $66feS.
Builders' Contracts.
P. Ducas Company to David Baker, lot on
NE line of Twenty-second avenue, 75 NW ot
J street, NW 75 by NE 100. lock 423, South
San Francisco Homestead Association; $10.
Elmer E. and Martin Luce to Ernest R. and
Thomas R. Luce, lot en SE line of Paris street,
125 NE of Brazil, NE 25 by SE 100, block 18,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
D. L. Weetover to Harry G. Bell, lot on E
line of Lotta etreet. 545 S of Parnassus. S 30
by E 100. lots 27 and 28. blockT C, Sunset
Heights: $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Eleanor G. God
sel. lot 14, Jacob Heyman's subdivision of por
tions of blocks 10 and 17; $10.
Stefano and Palmira Baclfjalupi to John and
Winifred J. Sullivan, lot on S line of Russell
etreet, 220 W of Hyde, W 20 by S 6O; $10.
Albert Bunemon to Francis E Beck, lot on
SB line of Berry street, 91:8 NE of Sixth, NE
45:10 by SE 137:6; $10.
Alfred L. Bowhay to Frances Mantetl, lot on
N line of Lake street, 107:6 \V of Twenty-first
avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Benjamin R. Keith to Tomaslna V. Keith,
lot on E line of Twenty-third avenue. 175 8
of A street, E 120 by S 50: gift.
Albert Meyer to James L.. Arthur, lot on E
line of Eighteenth avenue, 37:6 N' of I street,
N 37:6 by E 100; flO.
Jennie Atch to Charles L. Haskell. lot on N
line of J street. 32:6 \V of Forty-sixth avenue,
W 50 by N 100; also lot on SE corner of Forty
third avenue and S street, E 57:6 by S loo;
?200.
James E. and Amelia S. Damon to Louis
Jx>nseth, lot on NE line of Fifteenth avenue,
215 SE of L street, SE 25 by NE 100, block 2SS.
South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Diedrich and Henry Lankenau to D. H. Otto,
lots 1 and 2, block T2&, ON. and H. Tract;
$10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to S.
Duca* Compnay, lot on X line of Tomasa street
and S line of California avenue. NE 650, SVV
t50. NW 645. containing 3 acres: $10.
William H.. Frances C. Lucy O. t Charles
H.. Annie J. and Glea*on B. Caldwell and Sa
rah L. Kuichlins to Walter Storey, lot on NW
corner of Carver and Mayflower streets, known
as lot 1113, fronts 25 on W line of Carver street
and extends back 70 along: is" side of May
flower; $1.
Joseph W. and Ellen Taylor to Frank Peli
cano. lot on N line of new county road and NE
corner of lot <£!, West End Homestead, SE 5
chains 83 links. SE 10 chains 75 links, SE 5
chains 20 links, SW 3 chains 26 links. NE to
"West End Creek. E along: creek to county road,
SW to beginning: also lot on SW corner of
Bellevue street and Watt avenue, SW to Morse
etreet, E to E center line of West End Creek,
S to Bellevue street. S to besinnlne; also lot
at Intersection of Morse street and SW line of
lot <:2 NE to Mission road. S to Morse street;
also lot on SW corner of Brunswick street and
Guttenbtrg avtnue. thence to Watt avenue,
thence to Brunswick street, thence to begin
ning: $10.
Stella L#. Denicke to Charles Sehirmer, lots
27, 28. .11 to 3H, block 47. Stanford Heights
blocks 40 and 87. Stanford Heights, quitclaim
deed: $10.
Frederick A. Denicke to same, same; $10.
Julia E. Weaver to Mary E. Famsworth, lot
13, block 12, College Homestead; gift.
Mary E. Farnsworth to Julian W. Farns
wcrth. same; gift.
Same to Anna T. F. Gray. lot 11, block 12.
same: gift.
Same to Delia F. Dodge, lot 12. block 12,
same; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will auction
realty next Tuesday at their salesrooms
and will offer the following mentioned
properties:-
Northeast corner of Seventh and Cleve
land streets, between Folsom and Harri
son, a business corner with Improvements
consisting of a three-story frame building
on Seventh street and two flats on Cleve
land, property rented at $1200 per annum;
lot 25x75, west line of Seventh street, be
tween Howard and Folsom. Nos. 276-78-80,
with three-story frame building contain
ing a store, three living rooms and two
flats above containing five and six rooms
and bath, all modern plumbing;
lot 25x85 feet, south line of Pa
cific street, 229:6 feet east of Leaven
worth, with two fla»B of five and six
rooms and rear houses of four and five
rooms, rental $900 per annum; lot 25x85,
northeast line of . First street, 68:10 feet
northwest*. of Folsom; lot 45:6x68:9, with
two flats of five rooms and bath and a
cottage of five rooms, renting for $46 a
month; south Hne ; of Merritt street, 25
feet west of Hattie, lot ready for building,
OFFERS AT AUCTION.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Son
to hav« been mace during the past week
as follows:
Lot 50x120 feet on the east line of Forty
seventh avenue. 150 feet south of H street,
for $1500 to Charles R. Ny; lot 50x120 feet
on the west line of Forty-eighth avenue,
near K street, to John H. Rothberger
for $1100: lot 25x120 feet on the west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 feet south
of H street, to John Rollins for $750: lot
50x120 feet on the. east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 250 feet south of H street,
to V. B. Trover: lot 50x120 feet on the
east line of Forty-first avenue. 250 feet
south of N street, to H. A. Deering; lot
50x120 feet on the east line of Forty
fourth avenue, 220 feet south of B street,
to B C. Dreifer: lot 57:6x100 feet on the
southeast corner of Forty-eighth avenue
and H street to W. Elliot for $3250.
The residence to be erected by the
Protestant Episcopal diocese of San Fran
cisco for the Bishop of the diocese will
be placed on the west line of Webster
street, between Pacific avenue and Broad
way. The structure will be two stories
in height. The materials selected are
brick and stone, the last mentioned be
ing used for trimmings.
Goldberg. Bowen & Co. have begun the
erection of a business structure on the
south line of Califpmla street, west from
Devisadero, that will cost about $12,000.
The Gilbert Clements estate has sold
through the agency of Thomas Magee &
Sons a lot on, the south line of Union
street, 110 feet west from Webster," 1 27x100
feet, for $2200. .
The Esberg building to be erected at
the northeast corner of Sutter and. Lar
kln streets will cost $45,000 at least.
John Flournoy will erect on the south
west corner of Seventh avenue and C
street a brick and terracotta building
that will cost $13,000.
A six-story building will be erected on
the northeast corner of Ellis and Leav
enworth streets.
Nanp Dillon, by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner, has transferred to the Hlbernla
Savings Bank the northwest corner of
Van X*ss avenue and Fell street, cn<l
also a lot on the southwest corner at
Fourth and Harrison streets for $162,000.
The lot at the corner of Van Ness avenue
and Fell street is 120x155:7 feet in size.
The^ Butler estate has decided to erect
a ten-story store and office structure to
cover the lot 137:6x137:6 feet at the south
west corner of Stockton and Geary
streets, which will cost something like
$750,000, as estimated.
A happening of great interest during
the week was the decision of the Union
League Club to erect at a cost of about
$160,000, on the southwest corner of Stock
ton street and Union Scuare avenue, a
twelve-story building to front 44 feet or.
Stcckton street and 75 feet on Union
Square avenue. The land will cost $137,000.
Harvey C. Somers has bought for $45,000
property on the southwest line of Sixth
street, from Irwin to Hubbell, 240 feet
on Sixth street and 275 feet-on Irwin and
Hubbell streets.
The vacation season ls^now at its height
and the great number of absentees from
San Francisco has taken the edge tem
porarily off all lines of business. The ef
fect of absenteeism Is felt among the
realty brokers, but the outlook for the
immediate future is bo good that no one
grumbles. During the last Week approxi
mately 200 transfers of real property in
this city were placed on record, -which
makes up a fine showing. These records
represent transactions that took place a
little earlier In most cases. Some sales
cf importance are announced that have
just been made.
Concerning the general trend of realty
in San Francisco, as manifested by ac
tual transactions, G. H. Umbsen & Co. In
their Real Estate Records say:
"For some time the 100-vara quarter has
been neglected; after having marked the
revival In local real estate, but as other
districts have been worked over by in
vestors, attention is being brought once
more to the point of departure, and by
the means of street improvements south
of Market street it is sought to invite in
vestment and further improvement there.
The flfty-vara section has much better
reflected the general trend of the mar
ket during the last six months, while
much on a parity with It has been the
Western Addition, which latter, however,
has developed a tendency to take the first
rank as the spring has passed and the
summer has commenced. The Mission
district has increased In public favor,
showing more and more activity as the
Beason has progressed, a notable evidence
of strength, and promises still better
things when the autumn sets in. Most
striking, however, has been the record of
the outside lands district, both to the
north and south of the park. Ocean beach
purchases have been very numerous and
the prices of real estate commanding a
view of the Pacific have wonderfully ad
vanced. There Is a decided movement
also north of the public pleasure resort,
particularly in the Pacific Heights dis
trict, which Is spreading rapidly as an in
habited quarter of this city. Richmond
proper has been hampered in its growth
for peveral years by the lack of proper
opening to the beach, as Is the case to the
south of Golden Gate Park, but a move
ment, has been Inaugurated which gives
the best promise of success, Involving the
extension of D or Fulton street to the
ocean and the making of other improve
ments which will make residence in Rich
mond very desirable. The number of
pieces of outside lands rfalty placed on
record each month has been about the
same, but there has been a notable in
crease in the total of the considerations
therefor, showing a general advance In
values In the outlying sections of the city.
The terms "outside" and "outlying" are
only justified by usage, for with the
streetcar, service and the growth of the
population such designations have be
come only comparative."
LEADING SALES.
Several Handsome Buildings
Are to Be Erected
Very Soon. .
Prices Are Good, but
Transactions Are
Not Numerous.
DULL SEASON'S
REALTY SALES
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
45
SPECIALISTS. *
CATARRH.' DEAFNESS and NOISES !n EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment tree. Dr. Cotti&ghjua. 204 Butter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
6T^ A^^j A^J^AREU»»t'SKS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Vaa"caT?urnlture7
hcu* ehoid floods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
T31 Howard ct.. pear Third; phon« Grant 161.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage &. Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell ct*.; tel. Prlv. Ex. B7L
CONKLIN'S Ftorage — Furniture and merchan •
d.sc 3^3 Golden Gate ave.; phone Eaet 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; $10
Mifsicn *t.; tel. Hcward 911. F. W. Zehfust.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
paoy. 2320 Fillmore ct.; phene Jackson 28L
X3EKXNS Vcn and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«.; tel. Main 1S40. Phipplr.* at cut rates.
TO LEASE.
LARGE MAPvKET-ST. CORNER LOT.
NEAR COT HALL.
To lease for a term of years vacant, or owner
would ere<-t • euitaHe liulldin*.
McAFKC BROS.. IPS Montgomery et.
TVPEWBITERS AXU SUPPLIES.
GREaTTsaRGaTnS IN TYPEWRITERS^- We
*ell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rfr.ts.ls $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 650 Callfcrnia: telephone Main 2M.
A FEW good (xpewiftcn at $30 each; get par-
ticulnrs. L "i. :.:. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
Komery *t.
ID-HAND typewriters told, rented, repaired.
WehMer Typewriter Irrr»er. Co.. 209 Bansoone.
DIVIDEND >OTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Phoenix Savings.
Bu:'.d:ng and Loan Association. No. 638 Cali-
fornia «.. &*n Francisco. Cal.. has declared
•err.i-annual dividend* to June 30. 1903. pay-
able July 26, 1903, at the following rates, to
«rit: On Installment certificates. S» per cent
l*>r annum; lime deposits, *i per cent per an-
r.urn; tarings account* (withdrawable at any
tirre), 4H- vcr cent per annum. A. .A. Wat-
kin?, president; C. U. B!shop. vice president;
S' Prentiss Smith, treasurer; C. Grang*.
Ria naming director. •
DIVIDEND NOTICE— -The Nevada National
Bank cf San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing- of the board of directors of this bank.
held July 7. i;>0:{, a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1903, at the
rate of 1 r»er cent per annum, payable on
• nd after the 15th 1-ist. Transfer books will
be clc«ed from the 10th to the 15th inst..
both £ayp Inclusive. San Francisco. July 7,
1'.>C3. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
raoi'osALs.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice Is hereby
Kiven that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors cf the Veteran*'
Home cf California at its efflce. room 13. 320
Sar.scme St.. tfan Francisco, up to 3:."0
o clock p. m. of MONDAY. JfLV 13. lac.i.
a:ui opened immediately thereafter In th«
presence cf bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering the following machinery, etc.. for th«
Bf* rowrr house at the Veterans' Home,
Nepa County, Cat. (railroad ttaticn Yount-
ville). v:i:
Engines, rullfys and shaftinp. switchboard,
belts, purcps. laun<Jr>- machinery, bathtubs.
cue e wing engine bed lathe, one drill press.
cc»- grinding machine for machine shop, two
horizontal boilers.
Specifications for sbove may be seen and
examined et the office cf the Board of Di-
rectors between the ho-jrs of 9 a. m. and
6 p. va. each week day. Bidders should state
what they will allow for boilers and engines
to be taken in exchange (said boilers and
engines belr.j now in art at the Veterans'
Home). Money for payment on contracts will
b* available immediately after Jaaoary I,
19O4.
IT !a tbe ccinion of said Beard cf Direct-
ors cf the said Veterans' Home the accept-
ance cf the lowest of said sealed bids or
jrcpc*a!s shall not be for the best interests
cf the State *aid Board of Directors hereby
reserves the right to accept any of said bid*
Or proposals opened, as in their opinion may
be lor the best interests of the State, or to
reject scy or ail of eaid realed bids or pro-
posals. For further information and particu-
lar* tifiSers sre hereby relerred to the Sec-
retary of the Beard of Directors of said Vct-
erer.s' Home at the cflice of eaid Board of
Director* as hereinbefore 6et forth. By or-
fler cf the Board of Directors cf the Veter-
ans' Home of California. JOHN* F. SHEE-
HAN. Secretary. .
TVTAHHIAGE LICENSES.
The -folio wins marriage licenses were ir»-jed
>'tFt«jni«y: :
Krar.k R. luttle. :&. 9O>.iA Fojsom street, and
Cia'a E. T'wnley, .'.j. PV9A Fvltom «treet.
Char!-* W. Ettin;. l'l. .'JfiS Lndin^an L\t-
nue. itcd AmeV.* ChiCer*. is, l(i RJrvon plac».
Vif ¦rriiuf . (,"olcrr.bo. 35: SCO Brannan ttreet.
ail Trinidad Gonzales. IK, 1124'-, Kearny B t.
'.;dwia jk.. Bowman. 35. COS Edrty #tre*-t, and
Laura Jcnts. :t!. 008 Eddy ftrett.
Thomas F. McGuire, 24. 24 1 , Clara street,
a»1 Nellie C- Sc'.U. 22. 2*», Clara street.
Fr<:d Bt;k, 3S. Kr24 Hyde street, and Hattie
O»»k.- 2u, ia l-ov.tll fctreet.
Hcary rdwarcif, 22, STS Natoma etre«-t, and
?t<»1ia I. Ransom. 17. STS Natcrr.a street.
Maurice Flynn. T{7. l(i.''.5u Howard street,
and Jer.me Cuirilan. 37. 522 Ninth street.
Stephen N. Talkes, 24. Cleveland. Ohio, and
Dorothy L. Magnus. 2.J. Hobnken. N. J.
('har^labUF Ki.panfraf=. 4<». 2-'J Vallejo etreet,
end Mary OT?ri<-r.. l'J. 1315 gar.some street.
BIRTHS— HABBIAGES— DEATHS.
Elrthi rnarriaer and death notices sent by j
mail will uot be insert*-'!. They must be handed j
in at either of the publication offices and be ',
tndorsed Kjth the name and residence of per-
sons Mftbattxed to have the same rubliehed. j
BOSN.
FIT^GIBSON— In this city. July 4, 130.!. to I
the uifi; >: in. F. T. Flugibtfon. a 6on.
GLOVER— In this rity, June 27, 1903, to the I
wife of «j. A. f. Olovfr. a daughter.
ZaARIvXNS— In this <it>. June 30. laaj. to the
Wife of A. H. LarkiiiF. a daughter.
X<A£TAHJNICH— l:t thi* city. July 10. 190:;. j
to the wife of Juhn Mastahinich. a daughter.
MARKs — In this ettjr. Jur.e Su. 1SKJ3, to the
wire of Alfred Marks, a «ten.
STA^TERSON— In this rity, July 6. lOiXi, 'f
tbe wife of J. A. Mi.ster>-on. a sen.
a:iN.\H«.X— In t*as city June 22. Iv»o3. to the I
wite of William J. Minahan. a vn.
NOFFHINCER— In Oakland. July 0. 1903. 'o
the wile of W. A. Ncf.Vin|rer. a daughter.
POVLXTT — In tr.i? city. Junt 2a, ;0<x;. to the
wife of George 1'oJliU. a son.
STONE — In this oity. June .27. VMS. to the
wife of J.- L. Btooe. a ton.
6WINNOCK— In thi* city, Jul- 10. v«Xt, to
the wile of James E. Swinnotk, a son.
WAnilAN- In this city, July 7. VMX. to the
" wife of Robert A. Warman, a son.
fVOBBKR — In this olty. July C. HKB, to the
wife ot Wi!:iam J'. BTobber. a son.
MABBfEIK
UltACN— KLMANN— In ;hi* city. July .",. l»0:;
by the Her. J. FuendPling. Frederick Urau.i
and Maceie Elmar.n.
ELDRED— HOl'KINS— In this city. July 7
1S*>3. bf tho Itcv. Dr. Jchn A. 1!. Wilton,
l^nnie J. EMred of L'.vinctHn. Ill , »nU
Ixjttit. F. Hcpkins of Boise. Idaho.
KNGEL — BtTi-'S — In this city. July II, ]'j<«,
»•>• tbe Rev. J. Fuomieliag, Howard Entei
U. D.. and HedwiK Buss.
GLVNN— RICHARDSON— In this city. July
II. 1903, at Trinity Chun-h, by thf Rev.
('IKton Macon. Georce A. Ulynn of Eureka,
Ca!.. and Jan<« F. Klchardeon cf >ama Il<i*a' I
<'al.
GINTHER— LILIENTHAI — In this city. July]
<>. ]i>03. by the- ltev. J. Fm-nd^linK, Ernet W. i
Oumber and Gussie V. Lilienthai.
EJiELLY— TAVENER— In this city, Ju!y ji,
1MO.'{. by the Hfv. Frank S. Ford, iuistor of
t!j« First Christian Church, Howard J. Shelly
and -Jar>' Tavtner. both of Han Francisco.
ZIMM1CHMANN— ItOGGE— In this city. July
11, r.K».{, by the H«-v. J. Fuendellng. Oswald
/Cimm'Tma'nn and Caroline Hmriette Rogjre.
DIED.
Aear.*. Cecilia M. U.vnn. Mauriti E.
I Alexander. HU1 WcConoiogue. Mary
Arthur. Kadie K. M.'ramontrz. Mif. J.
< "arpoj.ter. Luell-j M. Moroney, M?. < -gar-t
Devtaeeazf. g r<>lama Mulvihill, Jt;iia L.
Ki'imiin. Mr». 11. G. Kewtiert, George W.
Eokles. E!lsa E. Nunee, Jnhn S.
iCdn^r. Ltrtie 1'rHmt. Mary D.
Erwin. :*, :;..¦ C Ri.t>jtcll, l>r. K. W.
Fiesta*. K;ir.ibeth {i'-hriutenhiiub, E. „
Franke. Violft M. t<ho)tzy. Mary
<Joint<vUh. Hpirn 6notrn-no. tleamr
<:t. :¦:¦:.. ...>.- ,. E. etolspnterc, Annie
G;ierir.. Fit* W. Tuthill, Mary A.
Ileta*l. JClward C W.thlheim. rilznbtth
Houel, Jos.»i,Ii Wlnuns, Jfhn C.
KHi»r. Minnie L. Wolff. William
Lisbon, Jo8<ph W.
AGARD— In thie city, July 10, 1903. Cecilia
Marion, bcievfd Oauerhter of Marr-us Agard
and the late Anna Agard, and sister of Laura
and Florence Agard. a native of California,
aivd 21 years t> month* and 10 days.
fXFrienis aud acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servlc «
Monday, July 1,'t, at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 4Ji Hardy street. Interment Cy-
ppan Uwn Cemeterj'. by carriace.
AI-RXANDER— In Seattle, Wash., July 4.
ludli. Hill Alixandrr, dearly b«:l(*vpd son of
Mr*. K. H. Clay, and brother cf Mrs. Sid-
ney J J Velt, Mrs. E. Ralph Blair and Scl
Alexander, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years and 11 months.
ARTHUR— In this city. July 10, 1003. Sadie
j;ila Arthur, beloved mother of Stanley
OUfay and Vlolrt Zoe Arthur, and sister of
jillWe I-- Farland. a native of Canada, aged
49 yrare 4 months and 3 K days.
p-jri-'rieiid*- anj ar-Quaintanres are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Monday. July 13. 1003. at 10 o'clock, at her
Jate rrs\6ent*, .Gil Poet etreet, between T«y-
I lor and Jones.
CARPENTER— In this rity. July 11. 1903. Lu-
[i clla Ma*', beloved wife of Cleaveland W.
SPOTORNO— In Madrcne, Cal.. July 9. 1903,
Eleanor, dearly beloved daughter of Gaston
P. and Wllhelmlna Spotorno. and devoted sis-
ter of Gaston. Aline, Emll and Alexander
Spotorno, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years.
CTTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ,servlces
Monday, July 13, 1003 at 11 o'clock, at her
parents' residence, 718 Cole street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by electric car.
STOLZENBERO — In this city, July 11. 1903,
Annie, beloved wife of Albert Stolzenberg.
a native of Ohio, aged &4 years.
TUTHILL — In /Berkeley. July 11. 1903. Mary
A.,, beloved wife of George W. Tuthill, a na-
tive of Pittsburr, Pa., aged 64 years and 7
days.
WAHLHEIM— In this city, July 10. 1903,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Ottmar Wahlhelm.
and mother of George. Jennie. Edmond and
Forest Wahlheim. a native of Germany, aged
5S years 6 months and IS days.
(£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 12, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3618 Twentieth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:30 o'clock.
WINANS— In this city. July 10. 1903. John
C Wlnans. a native of New York City, aged
74 yearn 8 months and 8 days.
K^Funeral from Trinity Episcopal Church
at 3 o'clock. Monday, July 13. Interment
private.
WOLFF — In this city. July 10, 1903, William,
beloved husband of Hannah Wolff, and father
of Mrs. Jos?ph Levy of Lakeport, Cal.. Mrs.
M. F. Goldsmith and Isaac and Esther
Wolff, a native, of Germany, aged 64 years
and 6 months. A member of Tacoma Lodge
No. 6, A. O. U. W. (Portland. Or., and Ta-
coma and Seattle papers pleass copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1315B Ellis street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 2 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
Carpenter, and eister of Miss Etta. King, a
native cf Placervllle. Cal.. aged 36 years 2
months and 5 days. A member of Neva Re-
bekah Lodge of Nevada City. Cal.
DEVTNCENZI— In this city. July 11, 1903.
Glrolama, beloved wife of the late G. B.
Devlncenzl, and mother of Giovanni, Cesare,
Luigi and Pasquale Devincenzi, Mre. Annie
Mubtso. Mrs. Silvia Dematel. Mrs. Maria
Dematel. Mrs. Rosa Mortede and Mrs. Cater -
lna Devir eenzl. a native of Italy, aited 64
years S months and 6 days. .
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. July 13. 11*03. at 1:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 150 Blake street, between
Point Lobos avenue and Santa Rosa street.
N. B.— A requiem high mass •will be cele-
brated for the reoose of her soul on the
same day at Holy Cross Church, Eddy 6treet,
near Bcjtt. commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
EAFTMAN— In this city. July 11. 1903. Mrs.
Harrson G. Eastman, a native of New
H^mprhire, aged 80 years.
ECKLES-In this city. July 11. 1003. Elsla
Evelyn, beloved and only dauthter of Cle-
ment \V. and Mary Eckles. a native of San
Francisco, ajced 7 months and 18 days.
(CT Funeral Monday. July 13. l'.W3. at 2
o'clock, at 311S Twenty-third street. Inter-
ment Cyr>re*s Lawn Cemetery-
EDNER— In Placcr-viHe, El Dorado County.
July 11. 1903. Bertie, dearly beloved son of
Joseph and Annie Edner. and brother of
Marvel Edner. a native of California, aged
16 years.
ERWIN— In this city. July 11. 1903. Agatha
C. Err. in. beloved dauchtor of N. Erwin,
and 6ister of Antela. Teresa. William. Re-
Kina and AlnysiuF Erwin. a native of Peta-
luma. aged 18 years 11 months and 13 days.
FOSTER— In this city. July 11. 1SKK. Elizabeth
Korirr beloved wife of John F. Foster, and
mother of Floyd. Hattie and Sydney Foster,
a native of Sacramento. (Portland, Or., pa-
pers please oojiy.)
C~7"The funeral will take place Monday, at
1 o'clock, from her late residence. 318 Point
lv)bos avenue, thence to Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets, via electric car, at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FP.ANKE— In Oakland. July 11. 1903, Violet
Mina. beloved daughter of Franz and Minnie
Frank*, ami sister of Frances and Ruby
Franke. a native of Oakland, aged 9 months
and 2 days.
GOICOVieil— In this city. July 11. 1903, Spiro
' Goicovlch, beloved cousin of Mitchell. Nicho-
las. Drago and George J. Goicovlch. a na-
tive of Mokrlne. Boche dl Cattaro. Austria,
aped I'O years.
C7"Fneiius and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July It, l:»03. at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chai>el of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to Russian Church for ser-
vices." Interment Servian Cemetery.
GRIFFIN — In this city. July 11. lf>03, Jessie
i E;ina. beloved wife of Samuel M. Griffin, and
mother of Raymond Earl Griffin, a native of
Caiais. Me., aged 31 years.
! GUEBIN— In this city. July 11. 1903. Fltz W..
beloved husband of Ella Guerin. and father
or John. Fitz, Geor*rt?. Henry and Robert
Guerin. a native of Ireland, aced 07 years
3 months and £4 days.
ETilcmaiiis at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2473
Mission street. n--ar Twenty-first.
• HETZEI^-ln thi« city. July 9. 1903. Edward
Charles, beloved husband of Isabelle Hetzel,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and
15 days.
CTThe funeral services will be held Tues-
day. July 14, at 2:15 o'clock, at the chapel
of Cypress. Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from EigMe^nth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of HaUted
6 Co.. 946 Mission street.
HOUSL — In this city. July 10. 1903. Joseph
Houfl. dearly beloved husband of Anna '
Hou5l, a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged
i 34 years.
KELLER— In Oakland. July 10.1903. Minnie
L'r.ora. beloved daughter of Frederick W.
I and Agnes J. Keller, and sister of Alma
Blanch and Frederick W. J. R. Keller, a na-
tive of California, ated 12 years and 3
months.
USSGJC — la thif city. July 11. 19fi3. Joseph
William, beloved son of. Mrs. Matilda and
the late Joseph Llsoon. and brother of Ma-
tilda C ami Annie Llsson, a native of ( Cali-
furnia, ajred 3.1 yoars 8 months and 5 days.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
! LYNN— In this city. July 10. 1H03. Mauritz E.,
beloved brother of Alex, and Charles Lynn
and Mrs. Fannie Helf?es5on, a native of Gut-
t«>nberg Sweden, aged 40 years 3 months and
17 days.
CTTtemair.s at th» rarlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, -*O Fifth
strtet.
McCONOLOGlTE— In this city. July 11, 190.1.
at her residence. S29 Douglass street. Mary
E . beloved wife cf William E. McConoloirue,
sister cf Mrs. M. Hulten and Mrs. J. Taylor.
and niece of Miss Margaret Kelly, a native
of San Francisco, aged i)2 years.
¦ MIRAMONTEZ— In this city. July 10, 1903,
Mrs. J. M.. dearly beloved wife of J. M.
» Mir«imoritez. beloved mother of Ktuil. Alex
and p'red Mlramontez. Mrs. S. Arms, Mre.
; B. I-anducci and Mre. G. Stolte. and sister
of M- Ramirez and Mrs. Galindo. a native
of Guadalajara, Mexico, aged 64 years B
month* and 20 days.
CT'Knend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral services
¦ to-d»y (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at- her late
residence, 720 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
n:em Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORONEY — In this city. July 11, 1003. Mar-
garet SexHa Mcroney. widow of the late
Paul Mcroney. and mother of Mary G., l^ee
D., l'aul L. aud J. Frank Moroney, Mrs.
E. b. Thomas and the late Mrs. James A.
Thoropfccn, a native of Rochester, N. Y..
aged 7o jears and 7 days.
CJ"Kureral «irvices at St. Brtgid's Churcti
¦ to-trorrow (Monday*, at tt o'clock. Inter-
ment private. No flowers.
! MULVIHILL,— In Oakland, July 8. 1903. Julia
Loretta Mulvihill. belo\ ed daughter of Ed-
ward and Margaret Mulvihill, and faster of i
Josephine. Margaret and Eddie Mulvihill. a
native of Oakland, aged 1 year 11 months
and 10 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunda>,
frt 1 o clock, from the parents' residence,
S27 Metde avenue. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
I NEWBERT — In this city. July IO. 190-1. George
• W., beloved son of James W. and Margaret
I Newbert. and brother of Lizzie D.. Frank
W.. John II.. Lillian M.. Grace F. and the |
late Joel G. Newbert, Mrs. C Henry. Mrs.
B. Conlon and Mrs. G. Cross, a native of
Vallejn. Cal.. aged 3t years.
C"/Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 13. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .'SIS Noe street, between .Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, thence to the. Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer. Eighteenth and Dia-
mond ciieets, where a solemn requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' MEMBERS Of Western Addition CamD No.
3<Hi, W. O. W. — You are requested to attend
the funeral cf cur late neighbor. G. W.
Newbert. Mrnday. at 0 o'clock, from his late
r'-eidence, 318 Noe street.
L. K. MARSH. C. C.
V. F. de P.OCO. Clerk.
Nl'NES — In Sausalito. July 11, 19C3. John S.
Njiiis, beloved husband of Res 3 Nunes, a
native of Portugal, aged 47 years.
PAP.KER— In this city,. July 10. 1903, Mary
Diantha, beloved wife of Francis J. Parker.
«nd mother of C M. T. Parker, a native of
MufcsachUfcetts. aged 77 years !» months and
7 days. (Springfield, Mass., and Chicago pa-
pers iiltase copy.)
ETKriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invittd to attend the funeral services
Monday. July 13. 1903, at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by eleetric funeral car from corner
of Eighteenth and Guerrero btrests at 2:3o
p. m.
RUSSELL — 1" Antioch, July 9. 1903. Dr. Ed-
ward \\\. beloved husband of Bessie Ruasuil
(at* Rei'.ly). and father of Vera Belle Rus-
t-ell, end son of Lizzie T. and the late Va!
RaMetL a native of Martinez, aged 29' years
I 7 mouths and 1 day.
C7Kr;«JO« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(.Sunday) at 1 o'cir.ck. from the parlors of
Halfifd & Co., 940 Mission ttreet. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHNL'TENHAUS— In Manila, P. I., May 31.
19(3. Kdmund Schnuttnhaua, only and be-
loved son of Edmund and Martaret Schnu-
ter;lisui., a native of Fan Francisco, aged 27
yean h months and 2 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 14. at IO o'clock. frr,m N 8. G. W. Hall,
414 Mai^n street, where the funeral services
will be held, under thf- auspices of National
I-arlor No. Us. >"ative Scne of the Golden
West. Interment private. Odd Fellows'
Ometery. Please omit flowers.
SCHOL.TZY— In Burrel District, near Wrights.
<"al., July IO. 1908, Mary Sc-holtzy. beloved
v.ife of E. H. Schcltzy, a native of Hawaii.
a^'-'l 42 years.
K7Frfenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt?d to attend the funeral services
Bandar. J«l>" 12. l»0:». nt 2:.:o o'clock, at
the Cathol)e Churrh, Los Gatos. Interment'
Ix>s GMo« Cemetery.
t OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. j!
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. \ .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers
• - ; - Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at S6« MISSION. Tel. South- 1CT.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. '
F. 3. Monahan. President.
i«.OlxAhAN-.-&-CO.,-
fine.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission £t. Telephone Mlzslon 31.
IIIIIIINIIIIIIIlllllBBieBIIBIIIIIIIIIlIlflniBlllllllllIIIIIHaillll
1 H!sb!5DdCattle I
g BY WILLIAM WATbOri g
1 1 Art Supplement , |
§ With NEXT B
I SUNDAY'S CALL I
J July 19th, '03 I
5 ¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦— •¦• ¦¦¦¦¦; —¦
¦ * "HIGHLAND CATTLE" §
| THE SUNDAY GALL |
¦ n
| Is on Sale oq fill Trains |
| ar)d at All News Agencies |
B ¦ , ;'• ' • . - Em
f PRICE FIVE CENTS-ORDER NOW |
BggBHBBHBnnBBaBBBBBBaBBHaBMBBBHBBB^Flour, and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were rh follows: Flour' was
dull but firm. Winter patents, $3 75«2'3 90;
Etraightf., $¦'! 4003 70; spring patents, $4@4 50;
straights, $3 R0Q3 90;. bakers'. $2 «0«?3 30; No.
2 spring wheat, 78@79c; No. 3, 75@78c; No. 2
red, 79%®S0c: No. 2 corn, 61 Vic; No. 2 yel
low, 51%c; No. 2 oats, 40%c; No. 3 white.
Dried Fruits^Nuts, Raisins,Honey
Europe is nibbling nt this market for new
Prunes, which are being held on a 3&c basis
In the Santa Clara Valley. It i3 reported that
France will be a large buyer in this market
this year, owing to the crop failure there. A.
fair trade In new Apricots is reported.
FRUITS — New Apricots. 7@Sc; old Apricots,
6%@7%c for Royal and • 7@9c for ordinary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c; sun
dried, 3@4c; Peaches. 4@5%c; Pears. 4@4%c
for quarters and 5fttf%c for halves; Nectarines,
4@5c for white: Plums. 4®6a for pitted and
l@l%c for unpltted; Figs, 3%@4c for black
and 435c for white., .
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%02%c for the four
tlzes, 'With %®lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 6i;c per
lb; 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6c; Seedless. ioo*«
Muscatels, 6c: Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxe«, ' $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2;- 2-crown
Deheeaa. 20-lb boxes, $2 50; Q-crown Imperials,
July .......~...... ...... ...... .7 65
September 7 87% 8 00 1 S2% • 7 85
October 7 75 7 80 7 72% 7 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July ;. 8 27%
September 8 60 8 65 8 T.5 8 55
October .". 8 27% 8 30 8 22% 8 22%
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No 2 —
July (old) SO 80% 79% 79%
July (new) 79% S0!4 79% 79%
Sept. (old) 79Vi ,80% '79 80%
Sept. (new) ... 78% 79% 78% 79%
Corn, No. 2 —
July 60% 61 P0% " 50%
September 51% 51% 51 51^1
December 51/ 01% 50, 51%
Oats No. 2 —
July 40% 40% 40% 40%
September 35 35 34%- 34%
December . 35% 35% - U5 3*%
Mess Pork, per bbl— 1
July 14 72% 14 72% 14 50 14 50
September . 14 05 15 05 -14 75 14,75
Lard, per 100 lbs—
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JX*LY 11.
Flour, qr ska... 6,264 VVool. bales 121
Wheat, ctls ..... 200 Ta low. ctl 263
Barley, ctls ... 3,StjO Pelta. no 5SC
Oats, ctls ...... l.WO Hide*, no i.74«
Corn, ctls 1^0 Leather, rolls... 44
Baans. sks lne> * aIs 47.70C
Potatoes, sks 4, iW) Lime, bbls ..... 335
Oniona. sks 8W» bugar. ctls 66C
Middlings, sks.. 621 Paper, reams... 43
Hay, tons 600 Chicory, bbls.... 6(
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks.... 72
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska... 14,90S|Feed, sks 40c
Potatoes, sks... 596 J * w
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 11.— Cables and weather
conditions were rather disappointing to the
bulls at the start and there was much wheat
fi.r sale by local traders at the opening to
day, which resulted In an easier feeling. Open-
Ing sales of September were %c to %c lower at
7S%c to 78%c. but the price quickly raillled to
79%®79Uc on an active commission-house de
mand. Although the crop reDOrt was con
sidered somewhat bullish, lt showed more fa
vorable Drospects than had been anticipated
by many traders, but reports from the South
west were still disappointing in the amount
of the yield, arid this fact contributed mainly
to the strength. The advance at St. Lculs was
also a bull factor. Temporary declines were
experienced at various stages of the trade, but
each decline was met by additional buying
orders, and the market was not slow In
responding to the demand. Trading was ac
tive the latter Dart of the session and the
close was strong, with September %c higher
at 79%c. >
The Government report had a depressing In
fluence on the corn market to-day, September
closing %@%c lower at 61%c.
OatH ruled easier on a rather bearish Gov
ernment crop report and in sympathy with
corn. September closed %@Vic lower at 34%c.
Provisions were firm early, but ! selling . of
pork and ribs later In the session caused a re
action. September pork closed 20c lower, Sep
tember lard was a shade lower and September
ribs were off 2%e.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCIPCO. July 11—5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
?*; 1 =1 gig p I
STATIONS. Z |= \\il 5& I
t c - «c C — n C
: 3 3 : i :
Baker 23. W BS 50 N Clear .00
Carbon 2l«.K« N> 48 W Pt.Cldy .d»
Eureka «0.12 6S 54 N Clear .00
Fr**no 29.82 98 «J4 NW Clear .00
FUesta.'T ...... 29. 74 SS 54 fW Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .29.78 92 <J4 SE Clear .00
Lo* Angeles... 2*.). NS 84 56 W Clear .00
Mt Tnrr.alpalE.u0.O0 72 f-0 NW Clear .00
North Head 5«
Phoenix 29. W 1«S K4 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 23.M 90 5fi SE Pt.Cldy .00
Portland .'tO.OU CS 58 N • Coudy Tr.
Point Keyes...29.5>4 55 40 NW Clear .00
Tied Bluff 23. MJ 94 <3 SE Clear .00
Itopcljurs :M).02 74 56 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.68 S4 . r .2 SE Clear .00
KtH Lake 2:».K2 »2 «2 N Clear .00
Kan Francisco. ."iO.OO 58 48 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.:so.OO 70 48 W Clear .00
San Diego 2U.K4 72 «2 NW Clear .00
heAttle .-..-SO.OO <W r.2 S Cloudy .00
t-I»okane 29. hO S« M N Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh :«».OS M ' 52 \V Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. SO 92 C4 W Clear .Oil
Winnemucca .29. kg 60 48 W Cloudy .00
Yuma y -29. 70 108 70 SW Clear .00
WKATMER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clondy weather prevails over Washington
nr.d the northern portion of Nevada; elee-
T.htre west of the Rocky Mountains it Is fair.
Itiiin is reportel from Western Texas.
Tlie pressure has risen along the coast from
Pan Francisco northward and fallen over the
interior. '
The temperature has risen over Idaho and
V«i,«irn Montana and fallen over Western Ore
fjon and Western Washington. In othei' dis
tricts the chant ee have been slight. Through
out California the temperature la near normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight, July 12:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
wind. *
Nevada — Fair Sur.dsy.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
froth westerly w-Jnd.
G. II. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
. Temporarily In Charge.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
Far the Si boun' endics ft p. m., 120th me-
Open. High. ' Low. Close.
December ... U3%c 93%c 02%c 92%c
OATS — Offerings continued light and the
market was steady. The Go\-ernment opened
bids for the first lot of 2000 tons on the ocder
several times mentioned of late. The Chicago
letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. said: "Thia
market maintains Its previous steady tone. The
Government report Indicates a crop of about
725,000,000 bushels. This was about as ex
pected. Weather conditions are on the whole
very favorable for the crop and the movement !
of new oats is not far off. In the meantime
the cash demand is poor and prices in" this
market aro sustained by manipulation for the j
July option. Unless something new comes Into
the conditions we -are inclined to thlnk^oats
are high enough."
New Red. $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
Old crop — White, « 17%@1 25; Black.
$1 1001 17%: Red, $1 12%@1 17% for common
and $1 205il 25 for choice; Gray,* nominal.
CORN — Rules very firm, with slender stocks
and hardly any offering. The Chicago letter of
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said: "The market
is a little nervous, but on the whole steady.
The Government report indicates . a crop of
about 2,000,000,000 bushels. Thfs is fully as
large as the trade had expected. The weather
throughout the entire corn belt since the 1st
inst. has been most favorable and the crop has
made rapid progress. It Is of course still back
ward, and continued favorable weather Is ab
solutely necessary. This . market Is almost
wholly a speculative one at the moment. The
cash position la poor, with liberal receipts, fair
Ktocks and a poor demand. We do not look for
higher prices." _ .:',«!'..
California large Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small
round do, $1 70@l 75; White, $1 40©l-45r
.EByptian, $1 45®1 50 for White -and $1 403
1 45 for Brown. v
RYE— $1 10(81 15 per-ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- $1 7502 per ctl.
Feed, new, $1 02%@l 05: new shipping
and brewing. $1 12%<yi 17%; old brewing,
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier, $1 loftl 30 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 39 $139 $138% $138%
BARLEY — The week closes quietly, with
with a sale of new Feed to arrive at $1 03%.
Offerings were light.
CASH BARLEY.
California Club, $1 40@l 42%; California
White Australian. $1 5001 52%; Northern
Club, $1 40@l 42%: Northern Blue Stem.
$1 4S%©1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Chicago was higher. A wire
from Minneapolis said: "Total failure In some
districts, two-thirds of a crop in others and
a short crop in all parts of the Northwest is
the burden of a Northern Pacific crop report
issued Friday."
This market was unchanged, with easier
futures. The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruy
ter &, Co. said: "The market Is again active
and strong. The Government crop report In
dicates a crop of about 670,000,000, or 50,000,000
less than the June report. We are Inclined to
think that the thrashing returns which have
developed since the 1st inst. and since the re
port was made. Justify a still further shrink
age In the estimate. The Northwest crop is at
the moment having desirable weather, but" is
still in danger. Stocks of wheat aro practi
cally exhausted and there is every Indication
that movement of winter wheat will, as com
pared with last year and the year before, be
light. The crop Is of good quality, wheat Is
the cheapest thing on the farm and the farmers
are In good financial condition. We look for
ultimately much higher prices «nd think wheat
should bo bought on the breaks."
New Wheat. $1 37%@1 42% for shipping and
$1 45@1 50 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Graitis.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@8 per chest for Long
worths and $2*i'.'> for the larger varieties
RASPBERRIES— $4(37 per chest
LOGANBERRIES— $1 75®2 50 per chest
BLACKBERRIES— $2 60@4 per. chest. *
CURRANTS— $1 50<S3 per chest.
APPLES — 50c@$l 25 per box; Crabapples,
30(550c per box.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1@1 25 per box for
choice und 50®75c for common; Dearborn
Seedlings. 60©ti5c per box.
FIGS— Single-layer. 25@35c per drawer;
double-layer. 40<f?50c per drawer.
PLUMS— 25©4Oc per box, 40@65c per crate
and 20tfJ3Oc per basket.
PRUNES— Tragedy. 50@60c p*r crate and
25fi4Oc per basket; SimonI 60@75c per crate.*
CHERRIES— Black. C0@75c per box and — c
per lb In bulk ; Royal Anne. 50@75c per box
and 4Ji7c per lb In bulk.
APRICOTS — 6O@75c per box or crate; large
open boxes. 75cff$t; In bulk. $20@35 per ton.
PEACHES — 10@C5c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river. 25
®40c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coaehella, $2@3
per crate: Watermelons. 10®35o each.
GRAPES — From Yuma. 75c@$l for Seedless
Sultana and $1@1 25 for Black Malvoise.
CITKUS FRUITS — Quotations tor Oranges
'and Lemons are for pound repacked stock only.
Naval Oranges. $1<9'3 per box: Seedlings.
$1@1 25; Valenclas, $2 25@3 for fancy. $1 75
Wl for choice and $1 254?1 50 for sumuara;
St. Michaels. $1 60<JZ2 75. Lemons. 75c@$l for
standard, $1 25@1 75 for choice and $2®3
for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1W1 25; Mexican
Limes, $5 60®6; Bananas, $1©2 50 per bunch
for Central American and 75c@$l 50 for (Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen. . f-
Most descriptions under this head were in
free supply, but the market was rather steady,
as retailers were buying freely for Sunday re
quirements and there was a fair inquiry for
shipment on the Portland steamer, out to-day.
RecelptB of Apricots from the river continued
light, but there were liberal receipts from
Sonoma County and liberal purchases by can
ners that kept the market steady Fresh arriv
als of Peaches from the river sections were
also light, but there was too much carried-over
stock on hand to permit any advance In prices.
A few lots of fancy In baskets and boxes com
manded a small premium over the maximum
quotation. Apples were steady, trashy stock
being well cleaned up. Well colored Graven
steins packed in 4-tier boxes sold readily at
$1 50 per box. Bartlett Pears of good quality
and size were in demand at the quoted figures.
Windfalls were offered freely on the wharf
below the quoted rates, but found few buyers.
Plums. Prunes, Figs and Cherries stood about
as previously quoted, supplies being more than
sufficient for requirements. There were no
fresh receipts of Grapes from Yuma, but car
ried-over stock was offering freely and
dragged at easier rates. The cool weather
operated against the sale of Melons and prices
ranged lower. A car of Watermelons arrived
from Fresno, the first of the season from
that quarter, but was not marketed. Changes
in Berries were slight. The j best offerings
were In fair request, but poor and soft stock
dragged and was cleaned up to peddlers and
canners at easy figures. The best grades of
Oranges and. Lemons moved freely, but the
cheaper grades were dull. Limes and Bananas
were easy and unchanged.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Silver continues to creep up slowly. Ex
change is still weak, with the banks shading
the quotations.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sipht.... — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Bllver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 41%
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 29.S00 64<fc 63* 64^
Atchison pfd 1.800 9014 00 VOV*.
Baltimore & Ohio. 19,800 62«i fe2«£ t2%
Bait & Ohio pfd M rt
Canadian Pacific .. 15.90!) 122'i 12->v 4 12O',<,
Central of New J.. 300 162«4 1«2 100
Ches & Ohio 800 36 35% 35?i
Chicago & Alton.. «O0 2<5',i 25 24% ,
Chi & Alton pfd 6GVi 1
Chi & Gt Western. 1.2O0 18 17% 17} 4
C&GWBpfd... 100 34 34 Vi 34 >*
Chicago & N W. . 2,000 1«7 ¦ 16S% 167
Chi Term & TrJins. 400 13 12^i 12^
Chi T & T pfd 400 21 Ti 21% 21* /8
C C C & St Louis. loo *2 82 83
Colo Southern 200 1«% UMi l«Vi
Colo So 1st pfd 56
Colo So 2d pfd 500 251^ 25 25
Del & Hudson 200 10S»£ 108 1C8>4
I>el Lack & West. 300 245% 245 245
Denver & Rio Gr. 100 26 26 25%
Den & Rio Gr pfd. l.loO 81 81 82V.I
Erie 4,000 31% 30% 30>fe
Brie 1st pfd 2,900 66\i 05 63Vi
Erie 2d pfd 2,000 55% 65 65
Gt Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley ... 1,900 82>£ 80 80>£
Hocking Val pfd 87
Illinois Central .. 200 131 V4 131 % 131
Iowa Central 100 26>% 20^ 2»J
Iowa Central pfd 43
K C Southern 200 22Vi 22>i 22
K C Southern pfd 41>.£
Loulsv & Naehv... 500 108% 108 107%
Manhattan L 2.400 135ft 134 134'i
Metropol s»t Rallwy 1.200 120 119% 119
Minn & St Louis 78
Missouri Pacific .. 22,600 101 \\ 99% 100&
Mis Kans & Texas. 300 20V4 20 Vs 20
M K & T pfd 400 40% 46% 46
Nat R R of Mexico i 20^
N R R of Mex pfd. 1.500 40 40 39
N Y Central 13.300 119 114% 115&
Norfolk & Western 2,300 C5',£ 04 C4
Nor & West pfd 90
Ontario & Western 1,200 24% 24 24
Pennsylvania 57.200 123% 121% 121%
P C C & St Louis 69
Reading 41.700 49U 48% 48%
Reading 1st pfd 81%
Reading 2d pld ... 100 «» G9 69
Rock Island Co 10.400 32% 31 V*. 81
Rock Island Co ffd 800 70 69% (O
Ft 1- t San Fr in 69
St 1- & S F let pfd 73
St L & S F 2d pfd 1.100 60 68 67
St Louis S W 100 15 15 15
St Louis S W pfd. 200 30 30% 35
St Paul 35.700 148 144% 144%
St Paul pfd 173
Southern Pacific ..16,300 40% 45% 4»Hi
Southern Railway. l.SOO 23 22% 22%
Southern Ky pfd.. , 100 87 87 80%
Texas ic Pacific 1,000 27 26% 20%
Tol St L & West.. <200 20% 20% ::<)•%
T fit L i W pfd 42%
Union Pacific 19,400 78% 77% 77%
Union Caciflc pfd. 87
Wabash 400 22 , 21 % 22
Wabash pfd 2,400 41% 40% 40 ',4
Wheel & Lake E.. 100 19% 19% 19%
Wisconsin Central. 300 19% 19% 19%
WIs Central pfd... . 300 41 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams '.. 100 221 221 221
American *- 200 183% 183% 183
United SUtAa 105'
Wei Is- Fargo Tfe*». 185
MisccllaneousV-^\
Amal Copper .!. .. 23,000 52 T»0 50
Amer Car & FJ... 700 36 35 34%
Amer Car & F pfd. 100 87% 87% 87
Amer L Oil 10
Amer L Oil pfd 33
Amer Loco 300 21 20% 21
Amtr Loco pfd 88
Amer S & Rcf 1,400 44% 44 41
Arner S & Ref pfd. 400 93 J»2 91
Amer Sugar Ref... 100 118% 118% 118%
Anaconda Min Co.. 1,400 81 80% 80%
Brooklyn R Transit 3,400 55% 54% 54%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. GOO GO 63% 60
Col & Hock Coal 17"
Cons Gas 1.400 188% 188 188%
Gen Electric 100 I7.{ 173 171
Inter Paper 1.000 14% 14 14%
Inter Paper pfd C8
Inter Pump 43%
Inter Pump pfd 75
Nat Biscuit 38
Nat Lead 100 ]«% 16% i«
North Amur 400 84 83 M«-j
Pacific Mall 25
People's Gas 7OO 97% 97 97
Pressed S Car 300 01 WHi 50%
Presst-d S Car pfd 85%
Pullman Pal Car... 100 20T>% 205% 2O.»
Republic Steel 600 13% 1.1 13
Republic Kteel pfd. IKK) 73 ' 72« 72%
Rubber Goods - 000 21% 21 21 \1
Rubber Goods pfd.. 300 77 7*1 76
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.400 48% 4S 48
U S Leather 100 8Vi 8% HM
V S Leather pfd 82%
U S Rubber 600 12% 12U 12%
U S Rubber pfd... ' 48%
V S Steel .... 11.400 28% 2SVi 28%
U S Steel pfd..... 7.200 79% 79% 79%
Western Union 83
Total sales ...... 3S7. 000
(From the Crop Bulletin, United States De
partment of Agriculture, Washington, D.
C. week ended June 29.)
New Er?lanJ — Apples good, thoush uneven
and ilrorpmE to tome extent; peaches poor;
BtrmwberriM rfcort crop: other berries good.
New York — Arrl f * vary from liKht to heavy.
Cfnerally about lair: grapes promising*.
Pennsylvania — Prospects for fruit and berry
crops are unfavorable.
Maryland and Delaware — Apples promising.
Virginia — Dropping of apples over, some lo
cal frhortage, but generally trees well filled
and avtraee croo indicated.
Nortii Carolina — Peaches rotting consider
ably.
Georgia — Arples plentiful; peaches ecarce,
but of sood quality.
Florida — Pineapples mostly shipped: citrus
tr"?s in e'<iA condition, prospects favorable;
fsir cron jx-ars.
Alabama — Peaches rottlnr.
Arkansas — Apples short.
Tennessee — Apples penerally fair prospects.
Kentucky — Apples doing well; berries plen
tiful.
Missouri — Apflc prospects diminishing.
Illinois— Small fruits promising; apples con
tinue dropping badly.
Indiana — Prospects for apples improved, light
to good yields promised.
W>£t Virginia — Apples Renerally light crop,
ex'-ejit in panhandle section.
Ohio — Grapes and blackberries promising:
favorable for apriles. light to fair crop indi
cated; *ome peaches in north.
Michigan— Apples continue fairly promising.
\Vis<:cr.*tn— Apples, j.lums, cherries and ber
ries fair crop. •
Iowa — Apples doing well.
Nebraska — Apples much below normal.
kar.i-.-i!- — Early apples being marketed, fair
Apricots, apples and peaches
ehort ti fair ji-lds.
Montana— Prospects tor fruits, especially
applf*. very pood.
Nevada— Plenty of fruit in sight.
Oregon — Prunes excellent: pears and applet
good; cherries disappointing.
Government Crop Report.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. July 11. — Consols, 92 3-1*392 5-16;
silver. 24%d; French rentes, 97f 95c: wheat
cargoes on passage, buyers and operators In
different; English country markets, firmer;
Import Into United Kingdom, wheat, 390,000;
flour, 225,000. . /
LIVERPOOL, July 11.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 6^4d(g6s 7d; French
country markets, quiet but eteady; weather In
England, hot.
COTTON— 6.36d.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
firm, with attaractlve fruit In fair demand.
Common are quoted at 44?5%c; prime, 6%@
5%c; choice, 6c; fancy, 6%@7,^c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are steady to firm,
with large sizes in small supply and held with
confidence. Quotations range from 3c to 7c
for all grades. . V
APJilCOTS — Are steady under a fair Job
bimj demand. Choice are quoted at 7%@8fic
and fancy at ]0fli2^c. •
PEACHES — Are quiet but steady, held at
7@7Vic for choice and 8@10%c for fancy.
DRIED FRUITS,
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 l-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 9-16c; molasses sugar,
2 13-lt/c. Refined was steady. No. t), 4.50c;
No. 7, 4.45c; No. 8, 4.40c; No. 9, 4.35c; No. 10,
4.:iOc; No. 11. 4.25c; No. 12, 4.20c; No. 13,
4.15c; No. 14, 4.10c; confectioners' A, 4.75c;
mold A, 5.15c; cut loaf, 5.50c: Crushed, 5.50c;
powdered, 5c; granulated, 4.90c; cubes, 5.15c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
5 3-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 7Vi@Hc The
market for coffee futures closed easy, net un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales, 12,250 bags,
Including: • September, 3.95c: October, 4c; No«
vember, 4.10c; December, 4.35c; January, 4.40c;
May. 4.t ; 5c.
WHEAT— Receipts. 44,000 bushels. Spot
easy. No. 2 red, 86%c elevator and 87*ic f. o.
b. alloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 01c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 93%c f. o. b.
alioat. Options developed moderate weakness
this morning as an outcome of nne weather
West, local unloading and bearish Interpreta
tion of the crop report. The market waa
finally rallied on strength in the Southwest
and closed l {c net higher to %c net lower.
July, 86%@S7V«c, closed 86%c; September. 83®
S.!^c. closed 83^c; December, 82V4082 15-lGc,
cloyed J>2?ic.
HOPS — Dull. State, common to choice 1902
crop. 17'3'22c; lfK)l crop, 12@18c; olds, 5®8c;
Pacific Coast. 1902 crop, 17@22c; 1901 crop, 13
@llie: olds, 5(H0e.
HIDES— Steady Galveston. 20 to 25
pounds, ISc; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c;
Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 14c.
WOOL — Firm. Domestic fleece, 28(g32c.
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined New York,
8.50c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 8.50c; do,
in bulk, 5.00c.
NEW YORK, July 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.132 barrels: exports, 11,527 barrels. Market
dull but rtrmly held. Winter patents. $3 90®
4 30; winter straights, $3 65@3 85; Minnesota
patents. $4 353 1 70; winter extra*. $2 OCXS'
3 20; Minnesota bakers', $3 65®3 75; winter
lew grades, $2 70©3.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
CHEESE— New, 12@12^c; Young America,
12^@13c; Eastern. 16HS17c; Western 12%c
per pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 22®24c for white and 20<g>21e
for mixed colors; store, 16®19c; Eastern. 17®
19c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 24@25c: dairy, 22@
23 %c; store Butter, 17(g20c; Eastern ladle
pucked. nominal.
Eggs are still firmer. Some dealers who are
carrying free stocks are letting go at 23c but
the majority report business at 2ic. Stocks
are pretty well reduced.
Receipts were 44,200 lbs Butter. 1123 cases
Eggs and 26,000 lbs Cheese.
Butter rules firm at the recent advance, but
dealers fear that any further rise would shut
off the Interior orders. In fact, one house re
ports that its Los Angeles customers wire to
cancel their orders the moment this market ad
vances beyond 25c. The market Is very well
cleaned up of surplus stock.
Cheese Is steady at the improvement already
noted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OIL — Linseed. 4Sc for boiled and 46c for raw
in barrels- cases 5c more; Castor OH. in cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lu
col 46c for boiled and 44c for raw In barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels. 90c;
cases, 95c; China Nut. 57%@fi2c per gallon:
pure Neatsfoot In barrels. 75c ; cases, 80c;
Sperm pure 70c; Whale Oil. natural white.
60@56c per gallon: Fish Oil. In barrels. 43c;
cases 60c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 6So for
Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
I4c- Pearl Oil In cases. 2OHc; Astral. 20%c:
Star 2OV4c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26Vic;
Eocene 23*4c; deodorized 5tove Gasoline. In
bulk 17c; in cases. 23%c: Benzine. In balk.
13c-" In cases. 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk 21c: In cases. 27%c
TURPENTINE^ — 70c per gallon In cases and
64c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6®
6 1 /£c per lb; White Lead. 6@6Hc. according to
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered 5 60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c: Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6 40c- Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(100-l'b bags only). 5.30c; Confectioners' A.
5 40c- Magnolia A. 6c; Extra C. 4.90c; Golden
C 4 80c; "D," 4.70c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels 25c more: boxes. 60c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
5 90c- boxes 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Us equivalent. *
COFFEE^ — C E. Bickford's circular gives
the receipts at this port thus far this year
at 205,755 bags, against 150.177 bags during
the same time last year. The sales from first
hands were 136.775 bags, against 102.543 The
stock in first hands July 1 was 04,03. bags.
aprainst 62.956. The world's visible supply
July 1 was 11.000.578 bags, against 11.281.331
bags last year. The circular says:
"The market Is apathetic. During and since
the July holidays business has been very
quiet and little improvement In this respect
may be expected for the remainder of the
month. Price changes have been few and un
important, but naturally tending lower where
changes have been made at all.
"Receipts at the ports of Brazil for the crop
year ending June 30 were 12.324.000 bags, as
Igalnlt 1901-02. 15.439.000 bags, and 1900-01.
10 927.000 bags. . The receipts for the first few
days of July exceed those of the two preced
ing years but the period of comparison is
too short 'to really be Indicative one way or
the other. It is said, however, that the re
ceipts are mainly new crop, comparatively
little of the old remaining In the Interior
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 12.837
haea Co-rta Rica 2482 Nicaragua, 29 Hondu
raf 18 679 Salvador. 40.429 Guatemala 3143
Mexican and 6921 various, in all 93.525 bags "
Deliveries from first hands since June 6 In
oiiwip' 7449 bags Costa Rica. 1034 Nicaragua.
5726 Salvador 12.806 Guatemala.- 621 Mexican
and 1311 various. In all 28.947 bags.
Costa Rica— 12tn3%c for strictly prime to
fancy washed. ll@U s ic for prime washed,
in" is lie for good washed. 9Vi©HHc for good
tn nrime washed peaberry. 8%@9Uc for good
to pr SI peaberry. VlO^c for good to prime.
7@SUc for fair. 4@6%c for common to ordi
""^ivador— ll@12c for strictly prime washed.
«<VffilOVic for good to prime washed. 7%f|Sc
•for fair washed. OffllO'ic for fair to prime
washed peaberry. SSSttc for good to prime
«.mrwft«hed 7"Vi®Sc for superior unwashed,
-^i"^ for green unwashed 7%@SUc for good
io superior unwashed peaberry. 436c for in
''viraraK'ua—lW'313c nominal for prime to
fancy washed. 8@10c nominal for fair to
«?rictly good washed^ 7®7Vic for good to su
perior unwashed. 7^i®Sc for good to prime
""GuaUmara^and^Mexican-llSMe for prime
to fancy washed. lOgiOftc for strictly, good
wished 0U*W4 c for KOod wasne<1 . 7%®S"ric
for fair wSwC 6@7%c for medium. 4®6c for
inferior to ordinary. 8%«M0J4c for fair to
prime washed peaberry. 8@_SVic for good to
Srlme unwashed peaberry. ,(3Sc nominal for
Good to superior unwashed.
BAGS — Grain Bags continue weak at %i 75
©5; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32©35c;
Fleece Twine. 7^©Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6i4c.
6%c and 7 Vic for the three grades.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $b: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. «<$ 50: Roalyn,
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend.
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg $13; Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $8 50
per ton; Coke, $11 BO® 13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according
to brand.
General Merchandise.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 11 — Wheat steady and un
changed; blue stem. 82c; club. 78c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 11. — Wheat — Walla Walla,
75@76c; blue stem, 80c; valley. 77@7Sc.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK. July 11.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $909,529,000,
decrease $7,915,200; detosits $892,143,300. de
crease $11.74S.«(X); circulation $43,910,200, In
crease $1100: legal tenders $74,371,200, decrease
$077,400; specie $156,673,100, decrease $2,620,
200; reserve $231,044,300. decrease $3,304,600;
reserve required $223,035,825, decrease $2,937,
4i*0: surplus $8,0u8,475. decrease $369,200; ex-
T.'nitcd States deposits $17,357,100, decrease
$306,375.
Associated Banks' Statement.
There was not much doing In Poultry, but as
Is generally the case on Saturday, receipts
were light, the market was well cleaned up at
the close and prices had no quotable change..
Two cars of Western Hens are scheduled for
to-morrow's market. A few sacks of Hare and
Rabbits came In and met with prompt sale.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese
per pair. $1@1 25; Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks'
$3 50@4 60 per do2en for old and $4®5 for
young; Hens, $1 50@5 50; young Roosters. $8©
10; old Roosters, $4 50@5 50; Fryers, $4 50@ti-
Broilers. $3 50@4 for large and $2 50@3 for
email; Pigeons, $1 50®r 75 per dozen for old
and $1 75 for equate.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 per dozen-
Hare, $1®1 25. '
Poultry and Game.
SEATTLE, July 11.— Clearings, $731,644;
balances, $203,492.
TACOMA, July 11.— Clearings, $241,794;
balances. $51,244.
PORTLAND. July 11.— Clearings, $4SO,0S2;
balances, $49,524.
SPOKANE. July 11.— Clearings. $343,300;
balances, $60,42S.
Northern Business.
LONDON, July 11.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 11,821
bales, mostly crossbreds. Demand was spirit
ed. Merinos were In limited supply and steady.
Scoureds were in good demand. Several lots
of medium fine crossbreds and' merinos were
taken for America. Next week 34,030 bales
will be offered.
London Wool Sales.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 6@0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4S5&C per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%®3%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring. $2 7533 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6%36i4ej
under 110 lbs. 6%@<Jc; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 5Va©<5%e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small. 0®9Hc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 83«c: Ewes. 8©8%o
per lb.
LAMB — Spring. 10©10He per lb.
POKK— Dressed Hogs. 8H©9Hc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Large fat hogs continue scarce and wanted
by the packers, who still, however, report too
many small Hogs on the market. Beef and
Mutton remain as before.
DRESSED MEAT3.
Meat Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 11. — The cotton market
closed quiet and lower.
Ger S & L. . — 2275 Sar & L So. — 103
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4f*> 500
Mut S Bank 93 — Union T. C.2150 —
S F Sav U..600 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 1 Presidio .... — 43
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 73 73H/Vlgorit — S*fi
SUGAR,
Hana P Co. 40c $1 iKllauea 3 C 5 81b,
H C ft 8... 40 42tf Makawell 8. — 25
Honokaa 9 C 10 11 Onomea 8 C. — 23^4
Hutch S P C 12T4 15 Ipaauhau S C — IT
SAVINGS BANKS,
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G &. E. CO 69%
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 350
BANK STOCKS.
AmNtlBk..l25 — Lon P & A.165 —
Anglo-Cal .. 94 I0O Mer Trust ..200 2.V>
Bank of Cal.535 BOO Mer Ex 55 75
C 8 D * T.142%160 5 F National — —
First Natinl. — — r
Cent L & P. 4 5 Sac E G & R 39 —
Eqult Gas... 4*4 — S F G & E. 6!»*i in
Mutual E L. 12*, 13 S F Gas .1 3U
Oak G L &H — — Stkn Gas .. 5
Fac G Imp.. 54 56 U G Si E 34U —
Pac L Co 55!, —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa 5$>H «1 I Port Codta.. 64 «Rti
Marln Co .. C0% — | Sprint? Val.. — 83 1£
WATER STOCKS,
Ala A W 5a. — — jOak T Cs... — 123
Bay CPC 5s. — 106^1 Do 5s .... — —
C C G&E 5s. — 107}£ Do con 5s. — 105
C G & EG M Oak W g 5s. — 100
& C T 53. — IOC'S Om n R 63.124 125
Cal-st 5s — — Pac G Im 4s. 96Vi »H
C C Wat 5s. — 103 P E Ry 5s.. — HO
Ed L & P 63. — 128% 1 P & C n 6». — —
F & Cl R6s.H6% — P & O R 6s. — _
G«ary-st R5s — — Powell-st 69.118% —
H C&S 5>is.lO2i4 — Kac EGi-Ros. — ' 104 V4
II C & S 5s. — 98 2a F & SJV5s.l20U —
Hon R T Lfis — 108 S R of C 6s.H0 —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A t>s
L A Ry 5s. — 115 (1900) — 1M*1
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) .... — 109*1
Do grd «s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 53.100 — (1005)Sr A. 10314104
L A Plm5s.l03»^104ti (19O5)Sr B. — lOS'i
Mkt-st C 6s — — (19O«) .... — 107U
Do lem 5s. 117 — (1912) — US'-.
N R of C 6s. — 10»«4 S P C lcgSs. — 121 vi
Do 5s — 121 Do stmpd.107% —
N P C RR5s. — 108 P B R C6s. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 114>vS V Wat 6s. — 107U
N C P 5S..10O — Do 4a 2dm. 90\»inii t
N S R 6s... — ICO Do 4s 3dm. 99*; ten
O G L C 5s.H0 — Stktn Cas 6a — liy
Oceanic S 5s — 83 U O- & E 5a. — 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. BJd-Ask.
4s quar coup. — 111V 4 4s qr c new. 135^ 1381.1
4s quar reg.lll lll\ .is qr coup. .lOS^lOBV*
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY. July 11—12 m.
rldlan time. San Francisco. July 11. 1003.
2 g 3 m 0 <
»j«i *s- *>5. -*? •£" -;
gS-Sl == ?? 2Z Z%
c srS Z.5.
stations. £3s 3 g^ 5 : 3 :o
c e -j- | | *• |
S 3 Co • • •
z"> ".
'. '. ? ™ • '. '.
Cloverdale .... fl3 50 .... Clear
Colusa 89 66 Clear
Eureka 68 50 .... Clear N 16
Fresno 98 64 Clear NW «
Hanford I0O 57 Clear
Holllster SO 47 Clear
Independence .02 «4 .... Clear SE 12
King City SO 49 Clear N
Llvermore .... 83 M .... Clear
Los Angeles... 81 48 .... Clear W 8
Napa 75 Bl .... Clear SW ..
Newman 100 63 .... Clear
Palermo , I»4 52 Pt.Cldy S
Portervllle .... 98 58 .... Clear W
Red Bluff 94 02 Clear SB Lt
Riverside 99 61 Clear
Sacramento ... 84 62 Clear SE 10
San Diego S4 C2 .... Clear W S
San Francisco. 58 48 .... Clear W 24
San Jose 76 63 .... Clear
S Luis Oblspo. 70 58 Clear W 6
Santa Maria... 70 53 f Clear W Lt
Santa Rosa 77 50 .... Clear
Stockton SS «"u1 .... Clear
Willows ..91 69 .... Clear S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS. ¦
wniows — Weather conditions still favorable.
Santa Maria— Damp foggy mornings; harvest
beginning; excellent prospects for beans, and
grain unchanged.
Palermo — Weather favorable for all crops.
Napa — Foggy mornings; grapes doing well.
Llvermore — Threshing in progress.
Stockton — Fruit shipment to the East In
creasing rapidly. ¦¦ ~. ,
Hanford — Harvesting barley and wheat, fair
crop; peaches and grapes excellent.
Newman — Conditions the same.
Hollister — Apricots ripening slowly; quality
much better than last year.
Riverside— Apricots nearly all harvested;
quality extra.
Colusa — Wheat turning out good; apricot
yield large. £ .
Cloverdale — Fruit conditions unchanged.
King City — Threshing soon completed In
Santa Rosa— Crop conditions unchanged.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
In the western counties the precipitation, al
though beneficial to most crops, was more
than was needed, and damaged ciover and grass
l.y locking them, as well as delaying cutting.
The Ion* and heavy rains in some localities
raui-cd cherries to crack badly, and much of
the crop is rottinft on the trees. The effect on
hops was unfavorable, causing increase of ver
min. i?unf hint- lh needed. Oats, potatoes, gar
den truck and root crops were much benefited.
A pood cat (rop seems assured, and potatoes
are in general bloom. In the bottom lands it Is
now a trifle too wet. Next week haying will
be general if the weather is favorable The
crop ¦rtH lx? heavy, but much clover will be
Flailed if not cut socn.
In the eastern tier of counties cloudy weather j
and copious f-howers have been very beneficial
in wheat. This is the filling time for wintet
mhrat. It is filling- v.ell and is now considered
safe. Fpring wheat hrs improved evfn more
than winter wheat, and if favorable weather
continues it v.lll be beyond danger of injury i
by hot winds in about two to three weeks. !
Harloy. although a short crop this year, looks J
well In the vicinity of I>ayton. and also Htar
buck. It i* n^w beginning: to turn. In the ir
ritated districts there is plenty of water. The
alfalfa crop is above the average, and a large
fruit crop is anticipated.
The week was throughout one of unusually
c<v)l weather for the time of year, and one of
frequent showers. The mean temperature of
the week was from four to six degrees below
normal. In the division of the State wst of
the Cascade Mountains the showers were heavy
end the total precipitation averaged about nine
t<;uhs of an inch. In the eastern division the
Fhowei* were frequont, and copious in Ppckane,
\\ nitmsn, Columbia. Garflold and Walla Walla
courtiPt. In Lincoln, Adams. Franklin and
Klikitat countie* the fhowere were light, but
nevertheless of much benrlit. while in Dpuglas
and other central counties the showers were in
trequent and so light as to be of no material
bom fit.
The report of G. N. SaliEbury. Section Di
rector. United States Weather ETareau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended July 8.
if ac follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
NEW YORK, July 11. — The Imports of mer
chandise and dry goods at the port of New
York for this week are valued at $9,903,684.
Total Imports of specie for this week were
$42,046 silver and $21,351 gold.
Total exports of specie for this ' week were
$733,315 eilver and $7,743,338 gold.
Exports and Imports.
Local bcr.k clearir.s* for the week Just ended
«tk $27.»05.T7S. ajrainst J2S.424.5C3 during the
correspond irl K T»«-k of last year, thowlr.g a de
utaK of $51S,T1'1.
Bank Clearings.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 23,091 shares, valued at $20,058, the lead
ing sales being as follows: Apollo, 2300 shares;
Home. 3J50; Junction. 2800; Monte Cristo. 1100;
Occidental. 2700: Reed, 1100; Independence.
4500; Sovereign. 1800; Oil City. 900; Kern. 623.
The United Gas and Electric Company will
pay a regular monthly dividend of 15 cents per
share July 15.
firm. Gas and Electric advancing to $70 and
the certificates to $U9 23. Pacific Gu Im
provement sold higher at $55. The other
stocks were dull. The oil stocks continued
quiet.
NEW YORK, July 11.— There were few
sales of Importance in any of the principal
metals to-day and prices remained practically
at yesterday's basis. The tin market continues
firm in tone, with spot at $27 15@27 SO.
Copper prices show no change from Friday
and the market is quite nominal, with lake and
electrolytic quoted at $14 and casting at $13 50
®13 75.
Lead and- spelter remain quiet and 'steady,
th* former at $4 12% and the latter quiet and
steady at $5 75® 5 87%.
Iron prices remain largely nominal and un
changed.
New York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1@1 60 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1®1 50; from
Berkeley, 85c@$l ; Asparagus, $2 25 per box for
extra fancy. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and $1@1 50 for
No. 2; Green Peas, 3Q5c per lb; String Beans,
335c per lb; Wax. 3@5c; Tomatoes, 50®€5c for
small boxes and $1 50@2 for large boxes from
the river; crates from Lns Angeles, 85c@
$1; Summer Squash, $1@1 25 per box; Cab
bage, 75c<S$l per ctl: Carrots. 75c@$l per sack;
Cucumbers, 40@50c per box for Marysvllle and
$1®1 25 for bay; Garlic, 2M»**3%c per lb: Dried
Peppers, 5c per lb: Green Peppers, 85c@$l 25
per box; Green Okra, 15c per lb; Egg Plant,
$1@1 25 per box.
Receipts of new Potatoes were liberal and.
as there waa no inquiry for shipping, the mar
ket had an easier tone. Prices of fancy stock
were fairly well sustained under a good local
demand, but cheap stock drar^ed and there was
Quite a surplus unsold ut the close. One lot
of strictly fancy in sacks sold at auction for
$1 70 per cental and occasional lots in boxes
sold at a premium. Old Burbanks were firmly
held at the recently reduced prices, but trading
was generally light. Onions arrived freely and
prices were unchanged.
Trading in vegetables was brisk as usual
on Saturday and desirable stock moved freely
in the early morning at good prices. Green
Corn in crates was generally poor and wormy
and sold at lower rates. Choice stock in sacks
cleaned up quickly at higher figures. Prices
of Tomatoes and Cucumbers in small packages
ranged lower, but large open boxes continued
to bring good prices. Egg Plant was selling
by the box at a decline and Green Peppers were
in free supply and lower. Asparagus, Peas and
String Beans were steady for good stock, while
second quality offerings sold 6iowly.
POTATOES— New White. 85c@$l 25 per ctl
in sacks and $1 20@l 65 in boxes, with some
fancy higher; Early Rose, $1@1 10; Garnet
Chiles, $1 16@1 25; old Burbanks- from Oregon,
$1.354tt 60 per ctl.
ONIONS — Red. 25@40c per sack; Sllversklns,
60®70c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hops appear weaker. Advice* from Tacoma
state that "the market has dropped to 15o for
1902 crop a drop of 6c in a month. New hops
from. California will be on the market within
thirty days and there Js little rhance of im
provement. It is reported tnutuie pool offered
hops at 20c two weeks ago without takers.
and later offered them at 17c"
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Bteers. 10%c; .medium, 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides 8%c tot heavy and 8%e for l!«ht; Sta*s.
7c; Salted . Kip. 9c; Baited Veal. lOo;
Salted Caif. 10%c; dry Hides, 17c; dry Kip.
14c; dry Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, ihearlings. 25®
80o each; short wool. 40965c each: medium.
70@90c; long wool. $101 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt $2 75 for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 76 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 26c: dry
Central American, 33c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium,
35c; email, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6©5%c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@4%c; grease. 2%®3%c. js
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs. 90
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18®2Oc; Foothill,
defective. ll&13c; Nevada, 12®15c; San Joa
quin, defective. Ogllc per lb; Southern. 99
lie; Valley Oregon, fine. 17@lSc; do. medium.
ltJ'dlTc; do, coarse, 15310c; Lambs'. 13c
per pmmd.
HOPS— 17@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Dealers report continued quietude In Beans
at steady and unchanged prices.
BEANS — Bayos. . $3 (K)@3 70; Pea, S3 2503 60;
Butters, $3 25; small White. $3 1563 30; large
White. $2 9003 15: Pink, $2 85<S3 10; Red
$2 00@3; Lima, $3 45@3 60; Red Kidneys, nom
inal: Blackeye. $2 60@3 per ctl; Horse Bean*.
$1 25®1 35.
SEEDS— Brown Muistard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3@4; Flax. $1 90@2; Canary. 5%c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, Rape. l%G2%c;
Timothy, 6®6%c; Hemp, 3^@3%c per lb; Mil
let. 3@8%c: Broom Corn Seed, $18@20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal— none here.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO, July 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500, Including 1000 Texans. Western slow.
Good to prime steers, ?5@5 40; poor to medi
um, $3 ftO®5; stockers and feeders. $2 50®4 60;
cows, $1 50 4; heifers, $2 25@>4 40; canners,
$1 60@2 80; bulls, $2 25® 4; calves, $2 60@6;
Texas fed steers, $3 25@4 75.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 10,000; Monday.
10,000; left over, 4400. Slow, steady. Mixed
and butchers', $5 S5@5 65; good to choice
heavy, $5 50@5 60; rough heavy, $5 15@5 40;
light, $5 45@5 83; bulk of sales, $5 45@5 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Sheep and lambs,
eteady. Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4; fair
t.> choice mixed, $303 30; Western sheep, $2 60
@3 75; native lambs, $3®0. -
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Holiday.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 6% 6 3«4 6 3%
Closing 8 6% C 3?i 6 3%
Foreign Futures.
Sihrr slowly advancing. Exchange weak.
Xczi' York "stock market from one to six points .lower.
Local securities continue inactive.
Bank clearings show a small loss for the week.
Wheat firm, owing to the bullish Government report.
Corn scarce, Oats firm and Barley easy.
Xo further change in Bran and Middlings.
Hay dealers still complaining of a car shortage.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Butter firm and moving off well. Cheese steady.
Eggs continue to advance slowly, with moderate stocks.
Europe nibbling in this market at new Prunes.
Provisions continue to drag at Chicago.
Hops reported declining up north.
Large Hogs scarce and wanted.
Cattle and Sheep in sufficient supply.
Grain Bags continue weak and freely offered. .
Coffee quiet and fairly steady.
Potatoes and Onions coming in freely. Vegetables actiz\
Poultry and Game in light receipt and cleaned up.
Fresh Fruits in liberal supply, with a good demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
( On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
.market was steady. Creameries, 15020c; dai
ries. 14@18c Eggs ¦ steady to firm at mark,
cases Included, 13@14%c.
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s. reg...lO« f Do 1st ine 21 %
Do coupon 100«4 Minn & St L 4s.. OOVj
Do 3s, res 107-li M. K & T 4s 96%
Do coupon 108% Do 2Js 81
Do new 4s, reg.l35U N Y Cen gen 3Vis. 95%
I")o coupon 1351a 1 N J <-' en & en
Do old 4s reg..lll Northern Pac 4S.1OH4
Do coupon.. 110 Do 3s 71%
Do 5s reg. . .' 1W5 N & W con 4s. . . . OS 1 ,*
Do coupon 102 I Reading gen 4s.. 03%
Atchlson gen 4s... 9»%l Rock Island 70
Do adj 4s S'J StL & I M con 5s.lll
Bait & Ohio 4S..100U St L & S F 4s 96'J
Do 3%» f>- it Louis SW lsts. O2'/j
Do conv 4s 100^ Do 2da 77
Panada South 2ds.lO(> S A & A P 4s 75
Central of Ga &S..104H Southern Pac 4b.. 86^
Do 1st inc 72% Southern Ry 5s... 113 .•
f"hen & Ohio 4>/.s.l(>4 Texas & Pac lets. 110
Chi & Alton .T.i's. 74^ T. Et L & W 4s. 74
C B & Q new 4s. 91 Tfi Union Pacific 4s?.. 100
C. M&StP gen 4s. 105% Do conv 4s 94%
C & N W con 7s. 130% Wabash lsts 115
C. R I & P 4s... 101 Do 2de 100
fCC & BtL gen 4s. 97^4 Do deb B 08%
Chicago Term 4s. 78 West Shore 4s... 108
Colo Southern 4s. 87 Wheel & L E 4s.. 00
Denver 4 II d 4a. 97 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 00
Erie prior lien 4s. 95% Con Tob 59.%
Erie gen 4s 83 C F & 1 85
Ft W ft D C lst».106 Pennsylvania .... 95
Hocking Val 4%».104« Manhattan Con. . .lOOH
L & N unl 4m 09% U S Steel 80%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 28 -
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adama Con 08 Little Chief 06
Alice 20 Ontario 6 60
Breece 15 Ophir ...1 40
Brunswick Con..' 05 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel 07% Potosi 20
Oon Cal & Va 130 Savage 10
Horn Silver 100 Sierra Nevada. .. 65
Iron Stiver 1 25 Small Hopes.... 25
Leadvllle Con.... 02 Standard 2 50
BrSl'ON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans 2H©4^ Adventure 4
Time loans 4U's5U: Allouez 5%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 60
Atchlson 0S»/4 Daly West 38%
Railroads — Gingham 24 k
Atchison 04 Calumet & Hecla.445
Atchison pfd 89% Centennial 17
Boston & Albany.2.10 Copper Range.... 51
Boston & Maine.. 170 Dominion Coal... 09
Boston Elevated.. 141 Franklin 8
N Y. N H & H..1K7 Isle Royale 7
Union Paclfio 7t^ Mohawk 41
Mexican Centrxl.. 2O',i Old Dominion..... 12
Miscellaneous — Dsceola 52
American SuKar..ll7»; Parrot 19
Am Sugar pfd ll'j Qurncy 96
Dam Iron & Steel 14'.& Santa Fe Copper, l'a
General Electric. .172 Tamarack 90
Mass Electric 25 Trimountain 84
Mass Elec pfd... S'J % Trinity 4Ti
United Fruit 102V* United States 20^
U S Steel 28% Utah 26ft
U S Steel pfd 70 Victoria 4
Westinghse Coin.. 90 Wolverine 65
LONDON CLOSINO STOCKS.
Cons for monej.92 3-lfl N Y Central 123
Cons for acct...i»2 5-10 Norfolk & West.. 6"U
Anaconda *V* Nor & West pfd. 92
Atchison 67^ Onterio & Westn. 25«
Atchison pfd 03 Pennsylvania .... (53%
Bait & Ohio 86U Hand Mines 10', 8
CanaOian Pacific. 126 Reading 25U
Chea & Ohio 37% Reading 1st pfd.. 42Vi
Chgo G Wcstn... 18 Vi Reading 2d pfd... 35»4
Chgo, M & St P..152'. 2 Southern Railway 23vs
De Beers 20 So Railway pfd... 8!H4
Den & Rio Gr 27^i Southern Pacific 4S ! /j
D & R G pfd 82 Union Pacific 81»i
Erie S2i4 Union Pacific pfd. 80Vj
Erie 1st pfd 6Sy 4 U S Steel 29
Erie 2d pfd 50 US Steel pfd 81%
Illinois Central. ..135 Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash. ...111% Wabash pfd 42b
Mo. Kans & Tex. 2l£
Bar" silver, firm, 24 %d per ounce. Money,
1@2 per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills N 3% per cent,
and for throe rronths' bills 3% per cent.
Chicago was weaker yesterday, with a drag
ging- market. ' The Chicago letter of Bolton.
de Ruyter & Co. said: "The market is dull
and without material change. The large pack
ing Interests are pretty much the whole thin,?.
Outside speculative Interest is small; receipts
of hogs are still liberal and demand poor.
Fears of manipulation prevent any excessive
short selling." „„.,
OUKE1> AlEATS — Bacon. 12%o per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light. 15Vio
for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and Uc
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern «u?ar-cured
Hams 15%c; California Hams. 14%@15c: Mess
Beef "$11 60® 12 Der bbl; extra Mess. $12#
12 60- Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $10;
extra' clear. 82C; Mess, $18: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $2»; Pigs" Feet, $5 23; bmoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
URD — Tierces quoted at *%c per lb for
compound and 10Uc for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins, llftc;
3-lb tins. ll%c. '—^¦ M 1 , ...
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 0%c: one tierce, ftftc; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. 9%o per lb.
'Hams are In light supply and firm. Bacon
and Lard show no new features.
Provisions.
Complaints of car shortage are increasing
among the Hay men. Recelpt3, however, are
ample for current needs and would be much
larger were plenty of cars obtainable. The
general feeling is easy rather than firm. There
is no change in Bran and Middlings.
BKAiN — *=4n25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24©25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $22®23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2t>©28 50;
jobbing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2O@2i;
Corn Meal. $27 50@2S 60; Cracked Corn.
$28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse
Beans, $30 per ton. ;
NEW HAY— Wheat $10012 50; Wheat
and Oat. $9 60011; Oat, $8 60012; Barley,
$8 50@10 50; Clover. $9@10; Stock. $7 60®8 50;
Alfalfa. $8@10 per ton.
STRAW— 36@60o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f . o. b. Fresno, fancy.
l-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c. _ .
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softahell. 12J4O13c.
No 2. 10%@ll%c; No. X hardshell, llfci«12c.
No. 2, 10@10%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%©llc (orlXL, lO01O%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8@8%c for Languectoc; Peanuts. 5®<c
for Eastern; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
65.
HONEY— Comb new, nominal at 13®14Hc;
new water white extracted. t»V4c; light amber
extracted. 6c; dark. 5©5%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per 1b.
$1 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70©4 per
bbl for Family and $3 70@4 20 for Bakers'.
MILL8TUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Four. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $-1; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 60;.Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $6 75@8 60; in sacks. $6 2533 10;
Pearl Barley, . $5 SO; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
38%®41V4c; No. 2- rye. 51i4c: good feeding
barley 40@43c; fair to choice malting. 4S@31c;
No. 1 fiaxseed, 00c; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 02%; prime timothy seed, $3 40; mess pork,
per bbl, $14 50@14 «0; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 65
<&Z 7W; short ribs sides (loose), ' $3 37 \i,<QS 50;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 8"%®8; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 75@3 S7ft; whisky,
basis ot high wines, ¦ $1 30; clover, contract
grade. $11 00(311 75.
THE SAN FB ANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.700 14,200
Wheat, bushels ............ 43,800 06,400
Corn, bushels 282,700 225,000
Oats, bushels 188,000 290,000
Rye. bushels 6,700
Barley, bushels ........... 3,700 2,700
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Forty-Seven.
STOCK MARKET,
Local securities were quiet, as usual on Sat
urday. with few changes. The cas stocks wen
" FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 400
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 30®
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
46
'AUCTION SALES
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA RubA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third St.. S. F.
This sal» Includes all the marts, colts, geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among them are
many with records, and seven three-year-old*.
that have trotted quarters better than U5 sec-
onds sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon <*lr»
of Lou Dillon,2:u-»Vi champion); Direct. 2:05 Ji;
Palo Alto, 2:08%; Inferna. 2:2»Vi: Altamont.
2:24; Beau B, 2:lti'4; L. W. Russell. Almoni-
tlon. 2:2»U etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest individuals a.i well as the choicest
bred ever led into a sales rln<. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years" study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after hlRfi
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will g°t
what they want at this sale. It will be the
last opportunity to get such well-bred horses
at auction. No reserve or limit; every animal
must be sold. Catalogues Issued Tuesday,
July 14.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE I
fcp* fea
AT MERCHANTS' LTVERT STABLE.
, 607 California it.,
TUESDAY. July 14. at 2 p. in..
Consisting of 40 good livery horses. 3 »ooi
backs. 3 sunies 5 open buggies, rubber tired t
10 wagons. 35 sets harness; must be sold. with,
out reserve or limit.
JOHX J. DOYLE. Auctioneer, office 327 Btn st.
£» £^ £a\
Just arrived, a carload of good all-pur?ost<S
horses; must be fold TUESDAY, July 14. 10
a. m. , at 1140 FOLSOM at. ; also a lot of wag-
ons, buggies, carts and harness of every da-
scrtptlon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|BUY CORN! I
y The present unparalleled situation I
H offers the greatest opportunity . for M
j quickly realizing enormous profits on I
B Corn Investments ever known. Those i|
I who take advantage of the present j
H prices have every chance for a fortune. 1.1
j BUY IT NOW I
S The Corn crops of 1900 and 1901 fell H
gl far short of the demand. A great M
¦g part of the crop of 1902 was not up E
tJ to contract grade and could cot there* [I
I fore be used in making up the great 11
H shortage of 19O0-01. The demand for I
B Corn greatly exceeds the supply, and H
1 HIGHER PRICES ARE CERTAIN. |
H v t N^? tural conditions warrant much M
el higher prices than present quotations, VJ
g and a marked advance la now an as- H
H| sured fact. The big elevator interests ¦
tS of Chicago have secured control of the O
H small amount of actual Com in the I!
rf market, and are In a position to force ft!
la prices sky-high. This they wtll do, we 5fi
Eg predict, in the very near future. 53
I SENO FOR OUR BOOKLET. |
IB It is the most complete and cornpre- J
Kg hensive booklet of the kind ever issued, W
Of and is filled with new and valuable in- Q
La formation which will prove profitable It
I to you. It explains our methods and H
gj tells you everything you would want H
ij to know before Investing. We will also H
B| send with the booklet our latest In.for- ira
U rnation regarding the Corn situation, M
I showing Just why we are predicting U
£j one of the most sensational advances j
gl In the history of the Corn Pit. " f I
I WE ARE CORN SPECIALISTS |
M and devote our entire attention to that ffl
i commodity, consequently we are better H
*J fitted Tor handling Corn transactions H
1 than any other commission housa in fj
M the country. H
1 URGE CAPITAL NOT NECESSARY. 1
B Our plan gives small investments the li
rl protection of large added capital. ?
Qg When dealing on a two-cent margin. H
j the customary one. $25. 0O buys 1250 Q
3 bushels; SoO.OO buys 2^00 bushels; D
B $100.00 buys 5000 bushels, and $300.00 R
I J buys 25,000 bushels. Every advance of Ja
El two cents per bushel doubles your KJ
E3 money. fj
|3 Do not delay, but telegraph us. your H
M order at once, and let your remittance H
Ej follow by mall. HIGHEST BANKING H
3 AND COMMERCIAL REFERENCE. Tl
I MERCHANTS BROKERAGE!
I & COMMISSION GO. I
I Suite 101, Gay Building, |
I ST. LOUIS, MO. IBranch Hydrocraohlc Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchanne. San Francisco. Cal.,
July 11. l»03.
The Time Ball; on the Ferry building was
dropped ¦ exactly at noon to-day— I. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 P-mjOiWh
wlch time. ¦ » J. C. BURNETT. t .
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. la cbarse.
Time Ball.
* JULY 12, 1903.
Sun rises *;•*?
O Fme Time TJme. m™
£ 1%!^ L W H W) )L W|
72 6-1.1 3.7 11:15 2.213:491 6.5| I
f" o-27 5.0 6:5U O.of 2:20 4.0 7:13 «.w
i5 108 4 7 7:30 0.3 2:48 4.8 8:02 2-»
il 1-30 45 8:06 0.6 3:19 6.0 8:57 2.8
10 1 O;54| 0-6 7:42 3.» 12:16| 2.S| 6:39 S.7
" NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
th« «arly mcrning tides are given In tbe left
te'nd "wfumn «5d the successive tide, of the
i!" i. tha order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time Stamn gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three Udea. a.
mmrtlmM occurs. The heights given, -are In
action ?o the soundings of the United State.
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precVdes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
fne charts. The Diane of reference ii the
mean of the lower low water*.
NAVAL ACADEMY-W. H.. Trinidad.
Humboldt County, Cal. At the United
States Naval Academy at Annapolis, the
course of naval cadets is six years, the
last two of which are spent at sea. Can
didates at the time of their examination
for admission must not be under 15 nor
over 20 years of age and physically sound,
well formed and of robust constitution.
They are examined .mentally by tbe aca
demic board in reading, writing, spelling,
arithmetic, geography, English grammar.
United States history, world's history, al
gebra through quadratic equations, and
plane geometry (five books of Chauve
net's Geometry, or an equivalent).' De
ficiency In any one of these 'subjects may
be sufficient to Insure the rejection of the
candidate. They enter the academy im
mediately after passing. the prescribed ex
aminations and are required to sign ar
ticles binding themselves to serve the
United States navy eight years (including
the time of probation at the naval acad
emy), unless sooner discharged. The pay
of a naval cadet is $500 a year, beginning
at -the date of admission. :'-v v .
and 130 and latitude 5 and 20, and consists
approximately of 2000 islands, large and
small. The land and eea area is 1200
miles of latitude and 2400 miles of longi
tude. The actual land area is about 140.
000 square miles, which is equal to the
combined area of the New England
States, New York and New Jersey. The
population of the islands is estimated by
the United States census bureau at 6,061,
333.
CIVIL. SERVICE— A. O. S., City. When
the next civil service examination will be
held for positions in the United States
Branch Mint in San Francisco may be as
certained by application at that institu
tion. The date for such examinations is
furnished to the daily papers some time
before and the papers as a rule publish
the announcement.
FEMALE SUFFRAGE— A. Y. .S., Ala
meda, Cal. The right of female suffrage
in New Jersey was abrogated in 1844. New
Jersey organized as an independent State
in 1776, two days before the declaration
of independence, and Rdopted a constitu
tion that allowed universal suffrage, male
and female, Irrespective of color. That
constitution was not altered until 1844.
when among other changes suffrage was
restricted to males.
ALCOHOL IN GRAIN— M. A. T.. City.
The amount of alcohol that can be ob
tained from various kind of grain varies.
Taking corn at 56 pounds per bushel, rye
at 55, wheat at 60, barley at 48, oats at
32 and buckwheat at 52, these grains
should give the following amounts of
proof spirits per bushel: Corn and rye,
each 196 gallons; wheat, 2.1 gallons; bar
ley. 1.68 gallons; oats, 1.12 gallons, and
buckwheat, 1.28 gallons.
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS-rM. H. P..
City. The Philippine group, which is now
United States territory, liesoff the south
ern coast of Asia, between longitude 120
twenty-five minute* later than at £° rt P°l nt:
the highest tide is the tame at bota places.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. • From. ¦- I* Due.
i i
. — . .— — —^— i
Despatch Redondo July 12
Acme Sluslaw River July 12
Rival WUlapa Harbor July 12
Mineola Tacoma July 12
Dcrlc China & Japan July 12
Coronado Grays Harbor July 13
S.Portland... San Pedro July 13
Jl. Dollar San Pedro July 13
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor IJuly 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.jJuly Vi
Arso E*l River PorU [July 13
Pomona Humholdt I July 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|July 13
Kdlth Seattle IJuly 14
Barraeouta . . . Acapulco July 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... July 14
Citv Sydney. . New York via Panama. July 15 .
Del Xorte Crescent City July 16
San Pedro Humboldt July 18
G. Dollar San Pedro July 1«
hunka Humboldt July 10
Corona Humboldt :. July 16
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom July 16
I Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 16
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 16
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Porta July IB
Point Arena.. Point Arena |July 17
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.. | July 17
Alliance Portland He Way Ports. IJuly IS
North Fork... Humboldt IJuly 19
Santa Monica Grays Harbor [July 19
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts..|July 10
<~" I timbla Portland Si Astoria IJuly IB
Olympic Fairhaven I July 20
Lothian Hongk'g via Manzanllla IJuly 21
N. Maru China & Japan July 21
Alameda..... Honolulu July 21
Fmatilla Puget Sound Ports July 21
TIe*-odot...t.. Seattle July 21
J. Dollar Seattle *: Tacoma July 2'
Newport New York via Panama. July 2.1
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... July 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnly 12.
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Aberdeen.. Seattle & Tacoma.. s pm Pier 16
Montara Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 27
1 San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Samoa l 08 Angeles Ports, ft am Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 19
S.Cruz Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier IS
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Jnly 13.
Centralla... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt B pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland | 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... pt. Arena-Mend'co 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . . Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 'J
.July 14.
S. Portland. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 16
Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
July 15.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 p m pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19
Argo Eel River Porta.... 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan l pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July 10.
O. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor ..... 4 p m pj er 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. u am Pier 19
Sonoma Sydney & way 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. a am Pier la
July 17.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
July IS.
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm Pier 13
Colon N; Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
July 1O.
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
July 2O. v
City Puebla. Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
July 21
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Lothian.... China and Japan pj er
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 16
July 22.
Ranier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 23.
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . For. - j Sails.
Tamplco...'... Nome & St. Michael... July 12
Humboldt.... Gkagway & "Way Ports. July 13
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Porta. July 14
Dirlgo Skagway ! & Way Porta. July lft
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Conemaush... Nome tt St. Michael... July . 15
Al-Kl Bkairway & Way Ports. July ltt
Santa Ana. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July ltf
Dolphin Skagway & Way PorU. July 18
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 18
FRrallcn...... Skagway & Way Ports. (July 10
Eureka. ...... Nom« IJuly :a>
Spokane..: .. Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome ; July 26
PATENT AND COPYRIGHT— D., Pet
aluma. Cal. Patents issued by the Unit
ed States run for seventeen years. Copy
right runs for twenty-eight years and
may be renewed. It protects the individ
ual obtaining th» copyright In the sole
liberty of "printing, reprinting, publish
ing, completing, copying, executing, fin
ishing and vending the article copyright
ed." „
CRAZY HORSE— Subscriber. Oakland.
Cal.. "Crazy Horse," an Indian chief of
tho Sioux nation, took part with "Sit
ting Bull" in the destruction of General
Ouster's command on the Little Big Horn,
in 1S76. The ¦ following; year he surren
dered to General Cook.
AGES OF STAGE PEOPLE-S., City.
David Belasco was born In San Fran
cisco in 1S62; Lotta Crabtree in New York
City in 1S47; Ellen Terry in Coventry,
England In 1848, and Maurice Barrymore
in India* in 1847.
Movement of Steamers.
NORMAL SCHOOL— C. F. L.. Ceres.
Cal. A communication addressed to the
principal of the Normal School. San Jose,
Cal.. for information relative to the
school will be answered* without delay.
barcssa, from Xew York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen, and proceeded.
HAVRE— Sailed July 11—Stmr La Gas
cogne. for Xew York.
LONDON*— Sailed July 11—Stmr Mlnnetonka,
for Xew York.
MOVILLE— cftik'4 July 11—Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow, fcr Now York.
OLDEST MINE— A. 8.. City. It is gen
erally conceded that the oldest mine in
the United States is the La Motte, in
the lead district of Eastern Missouri,
which was opened in 1720.
PUBLIC OPINIOX-G. A. C. Hay
wards, Cal. If you have a file, of Public
Opinion you wish to dispose of, advertise
the same in The Call.
HOTEL DEL/^MONTE FIRE— L. D.,
Oakland. Cal. The Hotel del Monte was
destroyed by flre April 1. 1SS7.
RAZZLE DAZZLE— Inq.. City. In shak
ing dice razzle dazzle aces are high.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
To-night the two fugitives were be
lieved to be hiding in the timber in
Logans Grove, three miles south of
town, which a posse of fifty men. all
heavily armed, has 'surrounded. United
States Marshal Mackay. who came here
from Topeka immediately, is in charge
of the posse. It is expected that the
prisoners will be captured or killed to
night.
In the Fort l^eavenworth outbreak
twenty-six prisoners escaped, Mullins and
nearly all the others finally being recap
tured after a desperate fight, in which
Guard J. B. Waldrupe and several of the
convicts were killed.
Sheriff Peeso returned to the city dur
ing the afternoon because of his Inju
ries. The white man with Mullin • Is
Harry Barney, who was last week* sen
tenced to the State penitentiary for, high
way robbery.
The Sheriff followed in a buggy and
posses were quickly organized and joined
In the chase. Later soldiers were sent
over from Fort Riley to assist in the
hunt. Shortly before noon two of the
negroes were captured and returned to
jail. Mullin, who is a negro, is a des
perate man and It is expected he will put
up a hard fight.
JUNCTION CITY, Kans., July 11.—Gil
bert Mullin. the Federal prisoner who
led the mutiny at the Fort Leavenworth
prison In November, 1901. and who has
been in the county Jail here for the last
year awaiting trial on the charge of hav
ing murdered, oheVof the guard3 in the
mutiny,' led an asekult on Sheriff Peeso
early to-day and hL with three others,
a white man and.t\f£ negroes, escaped.
The Sheriff was' overpowered and badly
cut about the headf. Jut- he succeeded in
Betting the cell doorTUosed before all of
the prisoners coiild^eV out.
The quartet ra.n'rihniugh the eastern
part of the town toward the river and.
compelling a fisherman to row them to
the other side, made for the thick tim
ber.
Soldiers and a Posse Pursue
the Murderous Ex-
Private.
Mutineer MulJin and
Three Prison Mates
Escape.
NEGRO EFFECTS
JAIL DELIVERY
SAILED.
Saturday, July 11.
Stmr Brooklyn. Higgins, San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Panama and way
port*. . . - ,
tiitnr Eamoa, Madten, San Pedro
Saturday, July 11.
Stmr Ran Juan, t'rry. Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mall BUamshlp Co.
Stmr 6t Paul. Ltndqutst, Nome, vfa Un
alaska; Northern Commercial Co.
fitmr Mlnnetonka, Evans, Seattle and Ta
coma; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Montara. Rellly, Seattle; Pacific Coast
Eteair.ib.lp Co.
Stmr Columbia. Randall, Astoria: Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
sur.r Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 11.
Etmr Qun>en. Cousins, 57 hours from Victoria
and way ports.
Stnir Phoenix, Odlaml, 14 hours from Men
docino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. 15 hours from Al-
Stir.r Alcazar, Martin, 13 hours from Green-
Stnir Brooklyn, Hlggins, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg: bound south; put In to land passengers.
Rtmr Eureka, Jesi»en, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 15 hours from
Little River: Oakland direct.
Stmr Ruth, Batchelder, 16 hour* from West
port.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, 72 hours from San
Pedro and way uorts.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett, 45 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 16 houra from Caspar;
bound for San Pedro; put in to land passen-
St'mr Redondo. Krog. 40 hours from San
Pedro.
s-'tmr Chlco. Jensen, 50 hours from Bandon,
via Port Orford 46 hours.
Stmr San Pedro. Hansen, 44 hours from
Sian Pfdro.
Br thin Loch Carron, Clarkt. 61 dayi from
Newcastle. Aus.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Bark Albert, Turne, 2* days from Honolulu.
Uark Roderick Dhu, Kncalls. 23 days from
Hilo.
Schr Onward. Ogidnessen, 2% . days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. 12 houra from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Sacramento, Mercer, 08 houn from
Elu&law River.
Kchr H C Wright, Nielson, 25 dayi from
Mahukona.
Bid.ABk. | Bid.ABk.
fulehan M c o _ 22 Ri-feue M Co. — 15
fcjilKTsrza ... (K, o«j Ton JJelmont.2 «O 2 10
Kula Con 2Ti _(T & Cal ..... 22 —
OSWsy Wuwii. 27 I3»]Ton Fraction. — 75
«iold Ml Con. jr, -zx Ton A Gt W. OH IS
1-uckj Tom .. v, 12 Ton of Nev.. 7 75 —
MarnsmBra . 2« M Ton Midway. — f.I
M!zi«ah Lxtn. :\;> _ Ton N Star... 4>i 48
tlT.* J on ••' *' 5 Ss'Ton & Salt L — iVt
Ton.... — —Ton Union.... —loo
Peymaeter .. 19 2o, United Ton.. IS —
PU»c Orov«... W — Jut.*!* M Co. — 60
TONOPAH MINES
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Chollar 80 .VK> Sierra Nev... 58
W"0 Imperial «<5 100 ht Louin IS
•]<*• Occidental ... '•*'' 2<«l Ctah 23
200 i'otoki 25 20i) Yellow Jacket 70
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following »fre the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 C C & V*..l 424 1 500 hierra Nev... 57
low Con Imperial. "5 10» Fllvfr Hill 03
• r ><i0 Hale tc Nor... <2 Vm> Cnlon Con tot
200 Mexican I 'C 30o Yellow. Jacket 72
ZtiOOfc>blr 1*3 400 Yellow^ Jacket 7.J
Uoo Overman . 3<r 70<J Yellow Jacket 75
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
}". llou-tr.p w*r<» the «nlef on the Tonojiah and
fcan Prxac^CO Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Bes*!on.
.VK) E*p»rar.za 05: 500 N Y Tonopah. 11
1OM Gipsy Queen.. 28] 450 Rescue ]5
5«i MacNamara . 80 .%00 Ton Midway.. 51
!'«» Mont Tonopsh SI ICO Ton N Star... 47
1UU Mont Tonopah is>«5
• LOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 11—12 m.
Bid.ABk. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 O6 Justice 13 15
Alta Vi 02 Kentuck V3 a*.
.i : .. r- i i.i 10 Lady Wachtn. — 05
I -.•:¦¦-¦ 44 47 Mexican 1 O5 1 10
JWt 6a Belch. 1 i»O 2 O5 Occidental ... 30 31
Hullion «>4 «it" Ophir 1 «» 1 B5
Caledonia ...1 15 1 2S Overman 31 32
:h»U.-nge 50 M Potoel 24 28
('hollar 20 21 Savage 18 19
4:or.ndenre ...1 25 1 <0 Scorpion .... O4 03
<: C * Va 1 40 1 50 'Keg Belcher.. 10 11
Imperial OH 07P|erra Nevada 59 «0
Cun N York., is 2f» Hilver HH1... 82 95
Crown Foist. I'o 25 Ft Lou i» 19 20
Kureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate ...O5 tj«
Gould & Cur. 40 42,Unlon M M
Hale iz Ncr.. «7 7o Utah 23 24
Julia 02 O4 ! Yel Jacket... 74 73
Mining Stocks.
Stmr St Paul. LIndquist, Nome and Un
alaska.
Mackinaw. Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Simr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Ger etmr Nentun. SprenRel, Jalult.
Schr W F Jewett. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Gerald C. Dodge, .
SPOKEN
June 20. lat 12 S. Ion 30 W. Br ship Scot
tish Moors, from Hamburg, for San Diego.
Per bark Roderick Dhu— July 10, 8 a m. 130.
miles W of San Francisco, bark Annte John
son, from Honolulu, for San Francisco. \\ as
in company with her for three days.
Per isr ship Loch Carron — June 3. lat 11 JO
P. Ion 14".t :;* W. Br bark Inverclyde, from
Newcastle, N S W, for Honolulu.
Per schr H C Wright — July 3. bark Coloma,
from Sallna Cruz, for Everett.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOb, July 11. 10 p m— Weather
cltar; wind N\V. velocity 22 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
EASTERN PORT.
BOW ENS LANDING— Sailed July 10— Stmr
Scotia, for canta Barbara.
PORT IJLAKELHV— Sailed July 10— Ship
Henry Falling, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSKND — Arrived July II— Ship
Henry Fulling, from Port Blakeley, for Syd
ney.
Passed in July 11— Schr Wm Olsen, from
Unga. for Seattle; stmr Lyra, from Hong-
COOS BAY— Arrived July 11— Etmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 10 — Stmr Melville
Dollar, from Kodiak.
Sailed July 11— Jap Btmr Aki Maru. for
Hongkong.
Sailed July 11— Stmr Cottage City, for fekag-
Arrlved July 11— Stmr Humboldt, from Skag
* l^ORT HARFORD — Railed July 11— Stmr AI
catraz. for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed July 11— Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND— Sailed July 11— Stmr Stanley
Dollar, for Port Arthur.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 10— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Juiy 8. July 11 — Stmr Coos
Bay, hence July 8.
Sailed July 11 — Stmr Robert Dollar, for San
Francisco: stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco;
stmr South Portland, for San Francisco; scli.-
Gem. for Coos Bay: schr Soquel, for Olympia.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived July 11—
Ital shin N'infa. from London.
Sailed July 11—Stmr Despatch, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed July 11 — Schr Bertw
Minor, for Honolulu; bktn Gardiner City, for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 11 — Bktn Tarn
o'Shanter, hence June 20.
REDONDO— Sailed July 11—Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 11— Schr Dora
Klu hin. from San Pedro.
SAN SIMEON— Sailed July 10, 12 m— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 11— Schr Maria E
Smith, fro-n San Pedro, for Port Townsend.
Passed July 11 — Ger stmr Herodot. hence
July 7. for Seattle: Br stmr Wellington, hence
July 7. for Ladysmith.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed July 11—Stmr Acme,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 11—Stmr Alliance,
for Portland, hence July 7.
IORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 11—
Schr Maria E Smith, from San Pedro; Ger
stmr Herodot. h« nee July 7 for Seattle.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 11— Schr Volant,
hence June 24; brig Lurline. hence June 23.
Sailed July 11 — Stmr Coronado, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— A; lived July 10— Br bark Kll
mallie, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed July 10 — Schr - Rosamond, for San
Francisco.
DEI-AWARE BREAKWATER— Pasted up
July 10 — Bark Foohng Suey, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS,
IPSWITCH— Arrived July 8— Fr bark Mar
the Roux, from Portland, Or.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived July 10— Schr
Commerce, from East London.
AUCKLAND — Sailed July 10 — Stmr Ventura,
for San Froncfuco.
KARATSU — Saiied July 10— Br Btmr Elm
Branch, for Port Los Angeles. .
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to July 11— Br
Btmr Kish, from Manila, for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to July 11 —
Stmr Korea, hence June 19, via Honolulu.
HONGKONG — Arrived July 9— Br Btmr In
dravelll, from Astoria.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed July 11— Hr »tmr
Pak Ling, from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 11 — Stmr Lyra,
from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 11— Stmr Pennsyl
vania. for Hamburg, via Plymouth ana Cher
bourg; ftmr Mlnnt'haha, for London; Etmr Zee
land, for Antwerp; stmr Kaiser Wilh*lm der
Groffe, for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; Btmr Astoria, for Glasgow; Btmr Lu
cania, for Liverpool.
Arrived July 11 — Rtmr Llguria, from Genoa.
CHERBOURG — Sailed July 11— Stmr St
Paul, from Southampton, for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed July 11— Stmr He'lc
la, for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed July 11— Btmr Frlederlch
der GrosBe, for New York, via Cherbourg.
GENOA — Arrived July 11— Stmr Lombardla,
from New York, via Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 11— Stmr Um
bria. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Hailed July 11— Stmr Celtic, from Liverpool,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 11— Stmr Vader
land. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 11— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York; stmr Cevlc, for. New
Yprk. _,
Arrived July 11— Stmr Armenian, from New
Yirk. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 11— Stmr Bar-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and - Geodetic Survey-
Times and - Heights of High and Low
Waters at Kort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
/ thorlty of ths Superintendent.
NOTE — The • high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
BARK WHICH MADE A RECORD TRIP TO HONOLULU. BUT WHICH
SUFFERED DEFEAT IN A RACE WITH THE BARKENTINE IRM
GARD ON THE HOMEWARD VOYAGE.
M ISCELLAXEOUS.
Alaska P Al&0>, — ,Oce S S Co. 7S —
Cal Fr Cn A — 91 ,Vo.c A F A.. 2 : ; 4 —
Cal V> i«f A. — W l iiPa C BCo..lC«5 —
tkard—
T> '•--,;- packers' Association 151 O0
.'•<• 6 F Oaf & Electric Co «J9 50
33 B K Oas «.- E!e<tri;- Co ~i) w>
V • 6 V Water 85 <*J
*l(i"(« B V 4 iir Ct bends <->d mortgai.;t>.. ua 75
5L» Tru;-:*-^ ctfs f Ga? &. Electric. o~J 25
.^t!»»t —
100 Pac Gat lr.-.v 55 CO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
«.)'.! blocks. Hid. Asked.
< "^ribcu Oil Co US
F^- Oil 72
Hunford Oil 115 «M 12) i«»
Home Oil 3 i%)
Imperial Oil ia <m
lr.deprndTire Oil 15 17
Jur.'-uen Oil 21
Kfrn Oil 5 V) 5 2">
Li^ri OH <»i o~
Monte CMcto OD 95 1024
Moosn h Oil 51 ;*6 '
Oil City Petroleum 30 31 j
Peerlet* Oil It JO
n^d Crude Oil 40
Joaquin Oil 6 Stf j
sterling Oil 2 SA>
Thirty-ifctve Oil s 75
Twenty-eight Oil 3 73
t'nion Oil »JS <X»
Cnii>-o Prtroleum 11h ik)
W><=t t^hore Oil a 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby I^anii «nd Improvement. 1 20 ] 40
Alani»da Sufftr 23OU
Aw<-i'-a.T\ P.is'-uit 95 O0 KK) 00
American District Telegraph ....
Bay Counties Pcwer ....
Ca! OentnJ <5as and Electric ....
California OottoO MIIIk WOO
California Jockey Clul* 105 00
<"alif')rnia Powder ....
California FMppir.g Co 22 50
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 (M 140 00
Or.tral Hank of Oakland WOO
Chutes Company fc 75
City and County Uank
Cypress I.«&wn Imi> Co 6 12^2 . ... j
Eas-"t**m ' ' v ".- " '. ' ' .....•••¦•¦• .... ....t
K»» Supar Plantation ....
« ip.f! « 'oKreir.fn?" AsEociation 22 ftO
Jlonoiulu 1J» 50
J-'.nd^n and B F Bank <L,td.) J
M<-r<antile Trust j
Northern <"al Power 9 75
Nevada Xatio:iaJ Hack .... I
North Fhore Railroad 10 <M) .... j
Orpbetna Company 16 Ou . I
I'a--ific State* Ttl and Tel 122 50
Paraffin? Paint 33 00 .'...
IV^lal l>»evice & Improvetnent. ....
Han Francisco iJry I>ock . 47 <K» .
BattaaUto L>and and Ferry .... 16 (kj . ¦
Rpetry Flour Company .
f'Uin'i.ird Electric 18 00
Truckee Eiectric 1<S 00
Into ~ -t-.r -- ."•! ....
Itiitfd Gas and Electric 34 %?J ....
*Vc«ern Fish Co ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Board—
ir^rfi Junction 21
.'.H Pf^ri^fs 1 4 00
•-•2-. Kern Oil 0 23
20<«> Apollo 45
4.Vif» Independence 16
200 Home 3 CO
Ftre*t—
llOtJ Occidental 20
Continued From Page Forty-Six.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Tl:» eteamer San Juan sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
< fcandife cargo, valued at S«;8,2C8, and <1U
tribut^d as follows: For Central America,
S10.5C2: Mexico. $532; Colombia. $25 VJ; Peru.
$2»4: New "!*ork. J24.132; Port of Spain, Island
of Trinidad, $225. The leading exports were
as follows:
To Central America — 4.138 bbls flour, 2(520
pals H'5 cs wine. 37» lbs 1 cs raisins. 87 cs
canned goods, ttOOO lbs salt, 147 cs 28 pals
whisky. 1 *c« brandy. 32 cs 100 gals liquors,
34 i kt-v ]-hh». 15 pkps fresh fruit. 174 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 30 pkgs drugs. 562 lbs
dried fruit. 44 eta onions, 7^ cts potatoes. M.
•3C0 lbn rice, 7 c« salmon. 1105 lbs nuts, 7d9
lbs ham and bacon. M0 lbs tea, 31.613 lbs tal
low. 40 flasks quicksilver. 34 bales bags, 5 cs
electrical supplies, 3775 lbc rosin, 14 pkgs ma
chinery, 5000 ft lumber, 2730 lbs zinc. 15 cs
candles. 5000 nr« bricks, 1103 lbs glue. 63 colls
rope. I'H" pkgp paints and oils. 158 cs coal oil,
41 os paper. 1577 lbs soda, 21 bales dry goods,
<; 1.U2S leather. 10 cs arms and ammunition,
24.RUO lbs cement. 12 kegs nails. 1 pkg ma
chinery. '2 cyls ammonia. "> tons coal.
To Mexico — Z>WO ft lumber. 11 kegs nail*..
7 cs arms and ammunition, 2 bales bags, 1
pk* wire.
To Colombia — 615 bhls flour, 24 cs canned
fruit, 2 cs liquors, 2 pkgs potatoes and onions.
To Peru — 7 pkgs mining machinery.
To New York- 5S.&67 gals wine. 22.770 lbs
dry hides. 97 bbla shells, 5 bales deerskins,
2S00 lbs lice. 38 cs lemons.
To Port of fpain — 50 cs canned salmon and
12 cs canned fruit.
»
Departure of the San Juan.
Exports for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla, which called on Frl
«1«.y for Victoria, carried a cargo of assorted
merchandise and produce consigned to the port
of destination and the principal /British Co
lumbian ports, valued at $15,310. and includ
ing th» following: ,
1TM nkss frfsii fruits, 103 rkus fresh vege
table*. K>n pltR* onions. l.%0 pkp* potatoes, 2-V
7N» Ibe dri«l fruit. 8230 lbs raisins. 27.645 lbs
malt. 147 n cann«-<l poods, 100 cs liquors. o05
bxg paste, S5 \Wf-r irrocerles and provisions. 78
pals 1 rs wine. 2iiM) lbs lead, 10 ore earn, 4
rollF leather, 4U c*> arms and ammunition, 9
hales twine. 52 pkgs boiler tubes, i! flasks mer
cury. ;;0S5 ft hard wood. 7G pkgs machinery. 26
; kpr tank material, 0 bars Iron, 23 pes steel,
1 cs drugs.
Tf.<» liritish t-hip Milverton (at S«n Dlejto) is
chartered for barley from that port to Europe.
The Britifch hark Meelgwyn <at Vancouver) is
chartered fcr salmon from Frtser River to
Liverpool.
v
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Among yesterdays sailing ship arrivals
were the Rodprick Dhu. twenty-two days
from Hi'.o. and the British ship I>och Car
ron. sixty-on<"» days from Newcastle, Aus
tralia. The Loch Carron brought 3000
tons of coal.
Sailing Ships Arrive.
The schooner Carrier Dove, reported
ashore a few days ago ten miles north of
the Yangtse River, has been floated and
towed into Shanghai, where she will be
Furveyc-d and repaired or condemned and
«.
Gedney Starts North
The 1 niicn States Coast survey steam
ship Oodney sailed yesterday for Seat
tle, from whence she will proceed to
Davidsons In!et and Chatham Strait, by
way of Departure Bay. She will engage
In survov work until October.
Carrier Dove at Shanghai
NEW YORK. July 11.— Rear Admiral
Francis A. Conk, who commanded the
cruiser Erooklyn during the battle off
Santiago, Is (slowly recovering from a long
Illness in the Naval Hospital. Brooklyn.
He was attacked by the grip early last
September and the disease seriously af
fected his heart and kidneys. Prior to
this attack Admiral Cook had been on the
tick list but once in all his forty-three
>oars* service and that was when he
sprained an ar.kle.
Rear Admiral Cook Recovering.
SEATTLE. July 11.— The steamer Hum- '
boldt arrived ::: port to-day from Skag
vay and way points and brought with
h« r tSXO.000 of Klondike gold consigned
to th<? Canadian 13ank of Commerce In
this city.
Several passengers were from Dawson
end otljor mir.ins camps in the interior
of Alatkii. ht:U they brought down en
couraging n-pcTts regarding the future
of minim; there. In Dawson especially
the spring clean-up is showing well, while
there is a number of big outfits going In
wfekh are Intended for hydraulicking on
a large scale.
The Humbold; met the members of the
Senatorial party which is now touring
Alaska at Skajiway. The Senators left
the place to visit White Horse July 6.
Captain Baughman reports that the
steamer Daweon left Dawson July 8 with
$1.0u0.0"0 of the yellow dust consigned to
the local assay office and the Selby
Smelting Works of San Francisco. A
large part of th»» treasure was from For
ty-Mile, tvhich has produced more than
::i a:iy psevious year. Several of the
Humboldfs passengers were from Forty-
Mile. Chicken Crf-ek and Gold Run. the
two last named being tributary mining
camps of Dawpon.
Facial Etesatcb to The Call.
The steamship St. Paul sailed yesterday
for Nome, by way of Seattle. She took
some passengers from here and will pick
up a full complement at Seattle. Her
freight included stores for the Pacific
squadron, which will be in Alaskan wa
ters when the St. Paul reaches there.
Captain Schmidt says the Irmgard won.
Captain Nelson says there was no race,
; «.
St. Paul Leaves for North
Captain Xclsnn of the Annie John/an
takes an opposite view of the case.^ He
declares that cm the outward passage the
real traveling qualities of his vessel were
given a fair show and that coming home
was no race at all.
"I will admit." he said yesterday, "that
the Irmgard can drift faster than ray
boat. The Annie was built for sailing."
On the outward passage, when the An
nie Johnson made what Captain Nelson
believes to be the record trip, there were
two days on each of which she logged 3G0
knots and there was no day on which she
dia not travel more than 260 knots. On
th<» homeward run all the traveling, he
says, was done during the last seven days
of the voyage and that there were some
days shortly after leaving Honolulu when
the distance made was too insignificant to
note on tho chart."
THE bark Annie Johnson, which
left Honolulu In company with the
barkentlne Irmgard, arrived here
yesterday, twenty-seven days from
the Island port and more than two
days behind the barkentine with which
ehe was racing for a homeward-bound
record. Captain Schmidt of the irmgarG
declares that the Annie Johnson's run to
Honolulu in ei&ht days sixteen hours was
a mere fluke, and that the rpal test of the
vessels' respective sailing qualities was
on the return passage, which the Irmgard
made in a little more than twenty-four
days.
Vessel Is Now on Way to
Seattle With Immense
Treasure.
Has Haifa Miilion
Dollars.
Humboldt From North
STEAMER BEARS
GOLDEN CARGO
Speedy Bark Reaches Port Nearly Three Days Behind the !rmgard-De
feated Vessel Encounters Calms Throughout the Passage and Log
Shows That Only During Last Week of Voyage Was She Favored by Wind
ANNIE JOHNSON'S CAPTAIN SAYS
RACE WAS ONLY A DRIFTING MATCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN DAV, JULY 12, 1903.
47
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
trains lmre and are due to arrive at
SAN ritANCISCO.
<M»tp Llae. Toot of M»rfcet 8 tret > *.
UtTi — Tao« Jvaa y. liffla. — aaarra
7 00a Beaicla, bulma, Kimiia ao4 Saera-
mento 7 25*
7.00a TseaTille. Winters. Ramsey 7.25»
7.30a Hartlnes. Saa Kamoii. VaUeJo,
Kspa. CalUteg*. 3»au Cosa 6 25^
7-30a Jfnes, Lathrop. Stockton 7.2S*
• 00* Darla. Woodland. KnlehU L«amn«.
Marr«Tllle. OroTlll*. (coonects
at MarytTlUe for Oridley, Biggs
aad Chlco) 7.S5»
•JMa AtUaticEx]>re»»-OgdKOkndEa*i. 10-2Sa
S-OOa Port Costa, Maniocs. Antloca. By
roB.Tracy.Storttoo.Sacrimeato.
Los Banos. Meodota. Hanford.
Yitalla. rorterTille m4.2if
1.00a Port Coats, Uarttarx. Lalhrov, Mo-
desto, Merced, Fsesao, Oothen
Junction. Hanford. Vlsalla.
BakenfleM , 9JS»
8.30a Shasta Bxpr«s« — Davla. WlUUms
(for Bartlett Springs). 'Wlllowa.
tFrnto. Red BloS. Portland 7.65*
8.30a Xiles, 0aa Jom>. Llvermore. Stoek>
ton,IOBA.Sarmn)eDto,PlaeerTina,
Maryrf ille. Chlco. Red Bluff 4.25*
8 30* Oskdale. Cblaese. Jamestowo, So-
nora. Tuolnmne and Angels ..... 4-28*
1 0 00* MarUnezaod Way Stations. 6 56r
10.00a Vsrtejo 122S*
¦10JBOa CretcentClty EzpreM. Eaetbonnd.
—Port Costa, Bjron, Tracy. La-
throp. Stockton. Merced. Kay-
moDd. Presao. Hanford. VUalla.
Bakertfteld. Los Angers and
JJew Orleans. (Westbound ar-
rlTe« as PaetOe Coast Express.
Tl» Coast Line) tfi.SQl
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
DenTer. Omaba. Chicago^ 6 25*
12.0031 Hayvard. Xlles aod Way StaUoaa. 5.25*
tLOOp Sacramento River Steamers-. til. 00*
, HOr Benicla. Winters. Saeuusesto.
lVood!aod. WtHlatnn, Coluna.'WIl-
lows, Knfghts Landing. Marya-
Tllle, Oroville aad way utatlons.. 10- 69*
IJOp Hayward. Ntles aod Way Stations.. 758»
4-COp Martlnez.SanK*mon.VaUeJo,Iiaoa,
Callitoga. Santa Rota. 97S*
4.00r M«n!oei.TracT.Latlirop,StoektOB. 10.28a
4 COr >llet. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25*
4Z0r Hsyward. Xlles, lr»!ngton. Baal t8.65*
Jose. LlTermore f t 11.65a
B 00r The Owl United— Frenao. Tntare,
BakersSeld. Los Angeles; con-
nects at Sangns for Santa Bar-
bara. 8.545*
S-OOr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Loa
Banoa 1225*
15.3O Ktles. San Jo*c Local 7.25a
•.OOr Haywsrd. File* and Saa Jos*. 10 2Sa
6-COp OrienUI Mall— Ogdrn. DenTer.
Omaba. St. Lonl«. Chicago snd
Ea«t. (Carries Pultmsn Car p»v
sengers only out of San Frin-
eiaco. Tonrl«t car and coach
pasaengera take 7.00 P. «. train
to Reno, continuing thence ta
tbelr ears (P.M. train esitward.. 4-25»
Writbcnnd, Bonset LlmUed.—
From New Tori. Chicago, New
Orleans, El Psso. Los Angelea,
i* • Freinp. Berenda, R*; mood (from
Toicffiie), Jlartlnea. ArrlTes.. 8-23*
t 743O Ean Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
aad Way Stations. 11.25*
J7-0O Vallejo.. 7.66»
7-CCp Port Coata, Benlda, Sulioi, D»»ls,
8a«rament«, Troekee. Beno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7-55*
ICSr Oregon A California Kxpnws— Sao-
ramento, Msrr*Tllle, Redding, •>
Portland. Pugel Sound and Baat. 8.56*
tt.iOr Bay ward. Nile* and Baa Jose (Sna-
dayonly) tii^S*
ii^Sr Port Coata, Tracy, LaUtrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. lUymond (to To-
semlte). Fremo 1225»
Hanford. Vlaalla, Bakersfleld B.2S»
COAST LINE Marrow ..age).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t7-4£a Santa Cra* BzcnTttoa (Sanday '
only) tS.1Bv
• IB* Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Joae,
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. Santa
Cnu aad Way Statlona........... 8-2&V
1S-1 5p Newark. Centcrrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden,Lo« Gato«.Feltoo,
Boulder Creeli, Saata Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-584.
4-1 Sr Newark. Saa Jose. Loa Ottos and
way stations (on SaMrday and
Sanday rons tbrongb to Santa
Craz, connects at Felton for
Boalder Creek. Monday only
from Santa Crvz) tfl.55 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN M:aj»CIsco, Foot of Market St. (SttpA
-t7:13 >:0O 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 6-18 r.m.
From O A KL AXD. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 (3:0*
t8:0a 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 r.m.
COAST LINE (Broad .aaftt).
(Third and Towmend Streeta.)
6.10a Saa Jote and Way Stations 7.S0r
17. 00* San Joae and Way Station*..... ... B-30r
11 00* New AlTnaden.. JAAQw
17.1 5* Monterey and Santa Cnx Exetxr
¦ion (Sanday only) tZ.ZQr
•8 CO* Coatt Line Limited— 8 top* only Saa
Joee.Ollroy.Bolllster.Paj&ro.Ca*-
IroTille. Salinas. Sen Ardo, Paso
Bobles. Sa nta M •rgarlta, San Lnla
Obi*po,(prineipal*taUoD«tbence)
6tnta Barbara, and Los An-
geles. Connection at Ca.nroTiiie
to and from Monterey and Paelao
OroTe and at Pajaro north bound
from Capltola and SantaCruz.... 1Q.4E*
I4wa San Joie, Tres Plnos, Cspltola,
SanuCm(.PaclaeGTOTe,Saltnaa |
San Lais Obispo snd Principal
Intermediate Button*.. 4.10*
Wettboand only. PadDe Coatt Kx- i
creM.— Frcm New Tork.Chicego,
New Orleans. El Paso. Los An-
gelea. Santa Barbara. ArrlTea.. ?3O
10-30* San Joie and W»t Stations 1.207
1140a San Jose. Los Gatos and Way Star
. __ Uons B-3Br
• l-iur San Joee and Way Station*.... > 7 COp
2 COp Ean Jose snd Way Stations 18.40a
1*.3C0r Del Monte Fxprena— Santa Clara.
• San Jcte. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects at Saata
Clara for Santa Crns. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gaupe Points) f12.1S»
o3 Jup BnrUogame. Saa M»tro. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto, Marneld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Jose, Gl'.roy (connec-
tion for BollUter, Tree Plno«),
Pajsro (connection for WaUon-
rl'.le. Cap'toJa and Santa CruiO.
P»ci2c GiOTe aad way stations.
Connects at CastroTllle for Sa-
" : ±f Unas..., 10.43*
•4 ZOr San Joie »ti Way Sutloaa 8.36*
•tf-COP San Joae. (»i« Santa Clara) Loa
Gatoa. Wright and Principal Way
Stations r9 00a
oiB.ZCr San Jose and PrinelpalWay Statlona tS-OO*
etS.I&P 8anMateo.Beresford.Belmont,San
Carlot. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8 48*
«.30p Ban Joae sad Way Stations. 8-36*
•7-COp Sosaet Limited. Eanbonnd.— Saa
Lnla Obispo. bant* Barbara, Loa
Angeice, Demlog. El Paao, New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
arrtT«iTla8*nJcii<lti!n Valley)... w8-23*
8. COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-16*
«11-30i Mlllbrae.Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tlons t9 4&>
• 11.3C* Millbrae. Saa Jose aad Way Sta-
"o°» t3.45r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday snd Sanday only.
IStops at sll statlona on Sunday.
1 Sunday excepted. I Sanday only.
• Saturday only.
• Connects at Goabea Jc with trains for Haaford.
Vlsalla. At * retno. for VUaila Tla Sangar.
« via Coaat Line. J Tueaday and Friday.
m Arrff e Tla Nlles. ¦ Daily except Saturday.
«c Via 8«nJosqu!n Valley.
\ Stops Santa Clara eoath bound only. Cona«ot»
except Sanday, for all point* Narrow G nut
. aDcuji aut licaat YjJtaci* St,
BAIXWAY TRAVEI* ' • '
California/
i i ii
Lifriited...
To CHICAGO
[g^^^^j For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ,
I Local [ LinVd I Local I Or'rVd
I Daily f Daily 1 Daily | Pa'ly
Lv. San Fran" 7:30 aj 9:30 a[ 4:00 pi S.OO p
Ar. Stockton... 10:4O a,12:01 Pi 7:10 P,U:15 l»
" Merced .... 1:05 pi 1:55 p, | 1:28 a
"Fresno .... 2:4O pi 3:2O p, 3 15 a
"Hanford .. 4:5H pj *:O7 pi 7:5O a
"Visalia.... 4:55 pj 4:48 p 3:0rt a
" Bakersfleld 7:15 p «:0O p 15?*
" Kansas City 2:33 a 7:0o a
"Chicago ... -1 2:15 p; j 3.47 p
a for morning: p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at H:55 a. m. daily.
ft:30 a. m. Mondav and Thurndi>r |y r^jo
CALIFORNIA LmiTED, caxTjtag Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dininsr Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers*
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. N'o second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Baker*-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* at 11:10 a. m. daily.
.S:00 v. m. dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair cars to Chtcago; also
Palart Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas Ctty.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — «41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot, San Franciscp; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.V :
Have you
a friend
in Chicago or Boston
or Kansas City or any-
where else, for whom
you want to buy a ticket
to this city.^
If you have, call at
this office and let us
arrange matters for you.
You deposit 'with us
enough money to cover
transportation, as also in-
cidental expenses of the
journey; we do the rest.
V&*£j£££j^53SH7 F W. THOMrsoy,
JhQjJj^MJMS' Gen'l Western Agt.,
JgAX<7in^pl 6z; Market Street,
E&$&RS££!3Uj9 San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COMFAISTSr.
Tiburon Perry, x'oot of 3£&rket St.
SAW rSAXTCXSCO TO SAN BArAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, S:00, B:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:aO. 3:40. 5:10. 5:80. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30 11:30 j>. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAW PBAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:50, 7:33, 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:0O. 5:20.
C:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:20. 11:18 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40, 4:50, 5:C0, 5:20. 6:10, 6:23 p. m. TEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave | In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | May 3, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. | days. | tion. (days. | Days.
7 :30 a ~~" ~ 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a, 8:00 a 8:40 a 9:40 a
8:00 a 0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 pi 7:25 p
\ 7:25 pi
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
«:00a <»:00a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p l»::',0a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a|10:20 a
8:00a S:COa Falton. 7:25p 6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30a 7:30a Healdnburg, 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30'a| 7:3o"a! Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:25 p) 7:25 p
'7:30aTV:30al WllUts. |7:25p|7:25p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
•-':30p< 2:30 p| Ouernevllle. j 7:25 pi 6:20 p
S:00a| 8:COa! Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 p| Olen Ellen. j 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a! 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p] Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytron for Lytton Springs;
at GeyservilJe for Skagxs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport end Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, Lierly"s, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins.- Mendocino City, Fort Brairg. Westport,
Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport,
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville. Cum-
mlngs, Bell'a Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Garberville, Peppenrood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market atreet. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAJf,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
|||Mmip| TO SAN RAFAEL
IS^HpI SAf! QL'ENTIN,
P^^^S MILL VALLEY,
cazad:ro,etc.
[pJii&jgSwgfjStgial via Sausalito Terry
WEEK DAYS (Holidays excepted)— 6:43.
t*7:45. 8:45, 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. *1: 45, 3:15,
4:15. t5:15. *6:15. 6:45. 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t$ t*». +'10. 11. tn:30 a. m.. U2:3O. t*l:30,
2:35 »3:50. 6. 6. 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to 8an Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m-
S&turdays. On Saturdays the 3;15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 3:25. t8:23. 7:40, 8:15, tf>:35.
11:05 a. nr. 12:30. 2:20. *3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45,
10 EUN^)AYS— 6:15. 7:33, tS:10. 0:40. *10:53.
tll:43 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. $3:25. 4:40. $5:50.
ti:65. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 6:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 5:15. 5:10, 7:05,
10 "40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05,
1-05 2:40 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m. :
THROUGH TRAINS.-
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62« Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Stuaiit* tor? Arrhre
Saa Fran. frrt at Mrfct X San Fran.
Week Sun- Sa °- w «**
Days. days /f£*W$V*tS*. day* Day;.
9:45a H:OOa fS»^^^ l*:0O» 9:1.-S A
l:45r 8:OOa UmSCTJHg 13:5O r 3:3Or
6:15p1O:OOa TCwJSeSv 3:3Op 3:fiOp
11:30a TKftSSS' *;a.s»
, i:sop Tiaaly ft:*s» , ,, ,
,,.,,,, | 2:S5rj *:OOr
fctofaji «aty. aw Titot T 9t30r,trriT«U. 11:3Qt
T1CUT t <3S Maxkit St., (North Shore Railroad)
CM ICE I aad Sausalito Fumy Foot Market St.Queen Wllhelmina. patroness and
founder of the incubator institute at The
Hague, has been sued for ZjOD guldens by
Francis Gerhard because the latter's boy
b*by was exchanccd for a eirl_wblle in
the oven. 1 ,.
Dr. J.* G. Pierce of Sebastopol is reg
istered at the Grand.
T. J. Stephens, a business man of Los
Angeles, is at the Russ.
C. S. Dowe. a mining man of Soulsby
vllle, is stopping at the Grand.
Benjamin Lauer, a capitalist of Al
turas, is stopping at the Palace.
Robert J." Kerr, a mining man of Her
cioslllo. Mexico, is at the Grand.
TV. H. White, a lumber merchant of
tVatsonville, is registered at the Grand.
F. A. Little, who is engaged in mining
near Harris, is a guest at the Occidental.
The Rev. E. P. Dempsey, assistant vicar
general of St. Mrry's Cathedral, left Fri
day morning for an extended tour of
Europe. He -will visit Rome, Paris and
London. He will also spend several weeks
visiting his sister. Mrs. Thomas Galvan,
at Listowel County. Kerry, Ireland. On
his return to this continent he will make
a tour of Mexico before returning to this
city. He expects to be back in San Fran
cisco in December.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Robert Dunlop, general attorney for the
Santa Fe road in Chicago, has been a
guest at the Palace for several days. He
is makinsr a tour of the Santa - Fe's ¦ in
terests in the West and from here" he goes
to Los Angeles to attend to several legal
matters pending before the Interstate
Commerce 'Commission.
Clarence Adams, formerly employed in
the ofllce of the Texas Pacific Company
In Los "Angeles, has arrived ' here to ac
cept ¦ a: position with the Southern Pa
cific. S. C. Nash, who, was employed In
the Texas Pacific office in' this. city, until
recently, has gone to Los Angeles, where
he will report for duty under T..D, Con
ally, agent of the road in that city. '
Jl movement has : been inaugurated by
the representatives of - the.- various roads
in Los Angeles to have the American As
sociation of General;- Passenger. ' Agents
hold its next annual meeting in. that. city.
Jay Adams, coast agent • of < the Nickel
Plate line and president of the Pacific
Association of ' Railway Traffic Agents,
has promised to interest the local .mem
bers of his organization in the. matter,
and other representatives of Eastern lines
in this city are working in' the same di
rection. The idea is to have .the general
passenger agents meet- in the south at
the same time that the Knights '.Templar
conclave is being held in ihis 'city. It be
ing argued that the majority .; of , ; the
agents will come West to attend the con
clave and will llnd r lt convenient' to drop
down to Los Angeles to confer.with" their
railroad associates. ...
AFTER THE; CONVENTION.
eenger agent of the Southern Pacific
Company, has gone on a camping trip in
the southern paWof. "the" State. It is the
first time that he, has enjoyed' a ; vacation
in twenty-six ye'ars. " .
The Milwaukee Park Commissioners
have made a two-year contract with War
ren H. Manning of the Boston park,sys
tem, under which he is to advise the
Commissioners on all matters of park
management.
' Ford had been playing the races and
.was rendered .desperate for the lack of
funds. His defense was insanity, but at
his first trial he was convicted and-sen
tenced to serve ten years In San Quentin.
He appealed to the Supreme Court for, a
new trial and was successful, but was
again convicted. The Judge - sentenced
him to serve three, years Jn, San Quentin,
and in passing sentence took into account
the fact that he had been l in. custody
about two and a' half years; ' that .'his
previous record, aside-' from: the race
track. habit, was good and that his,con
duct in the penitentiary was exemplary.
Frank Murphy, who "was convicted of
an attempt to commit - burglary of the
first degree, was sentenced to serve seven
and a half years in San Quentin. He was
caught Centering, the bottling .establish
ment at 811 Brannan street on 'April 20.
There .were several prior convictions
against .him -for petty larceny. '¦"¦¦'
Charles Murray, who = pleaded ¦ guilty to
two charges of '¦ grand -larceny, was sen
tenced to serve ten years in Folsom pen
itentiary on each charge, the sentences
to run concurrently. On May 25 he stole
a horse and buggy from the , stable bf
RACES . CAUSE DOWNFALL.
The Judge passed sentence ' upon five
prisoners 'yesterday, one of them being
Marvin Ford, the well 'known' shoe sales
man, who, on February 16, 1901, assaulted
and robbed Lee Leon g, a Chinese mer
chant, on Sacramento' street, after fol
lowing him from the ; Nevada Bank. . .
The defendants held up and robbed Ben
jafeihv Farber, a peddler, at the point of
a revolver. on the San' BrunOj road on the
afternoon of April 9. They were tried for
robbery, but were convicted of grand lar
ceny. J,
When Arthur McGee and William Mc-
Carthy, both about 20 years of age, ap
peared before Judge Lawlor for sentence
yesterday on a charge . of grand larceny
their fathers begged for clemency. . and
also asked for delay, as the mother of
one of the boys was seriously ill. The
Judge deferred passing sentence for two
weeks, but said that he would be recreant
to his trust if he did not mete out severe
punishment to the defendants, as such
crimes ' as they had committed must be
stopped at all hazards. It was young men
of their age who were committing most
of the crimes of robbery and burglary in
the city and they must be taught 'a les
son. ¦ ;^.,;;
Word was received in the city last night
from Omaha to the effect that as a result
of the recent conference there of the traf
fic representatives of the Rock Island and
Frisco roads a decision had been arrived
at whereby the offices of the two lines,
wherever possible, are to be merged and
that among those affected by this ruling
will be the offices of Atlanta, Cincinnati,
City of Mexico, Louisville, New York,
Pltsbur?, Salt Lake and this city.
The representatives of the Frisco line
in this city have been awaiting news of
the results of the meeting with consider
able anxiety and it would seem their
worst fears have been realized. The
Frisco line, which is now practically part
of the Rock Island system, has been rep
resented in this city for a number of
years by J. F. Edwards and H. E. Need
bam, the first named holding the title of
Pacific Coast agent and the other that of
commercial agent. The agency has sim
ply been maintained for freight purposes
and that it should be merged into the
Rock Island office, as reported, is not sur
prising to local, railroad men, although
naturally disappointing to the two of
ficials whose positions are jeopardized.
It Is, however, generally believed that
Edwards and Needham will be taken care
of in the Rock Island office.
PRESIDENT METCALFE HERE.
J. G. Metcalfe of Durango, president of
the Mexican International Railroad, ac
companied by the members of his family,
arrived from the south in a private car
yesterday and registered at the Palace.
It is Mr. Metcalfe's first visit to Cali
fornia.
James Peabody, statistician for the
Santa Fe road, has been in the city for
several days. He is making his accus
tomed annual trip for the purpose of
gathering data.
George F. Bidwell of Omaha, manager
of the lines of the Chicago Northwestern
west of the Missouri River, is at the Pal
ace. He is making a pleasure tour of the
West.
Chief Engineer Storey of the Santa Fe
road will go to Wiillts this week and
from there Inspect some of the mountain
ous country over which his company is
contemplating building its new road from
Eureka. Later he purposes to go to Eu
reka and travel southward over the route
v/hich the road will extend.
R. A. Donaldson, assistant general pas-
Judge Lawlor Says It
Must Be Severely
Punished.
Rock Island to Absorb
the Agency of the
'Frisco Lina
CRIME BY YOUNG
MEN INCREASING
LOCAL OFFICES
TO BE MERGED
The State has appropriated the sum of
5130,000 to advertise the State and its
products at the Exposition. Of this sum
$20,000 will be. spent in erecting the build
ing. The structure will be used as a re
ception hall for the visitors from this
State and will occupy a commanding po
sition. It will be modeled after the style
of one of the ancient missions.
Governor Pardee and Secretary Willis
of the California commission to the St.
Louis Exposition were closeted for sev
eral hours yesterday afternoon examin
ing the various plans that have been sub
mitted for the California building at the
exposition. At the conclusion of the con
ference it was announced that the- Gov
ernor has not as yet selected either of the
designs submitted.
Looks Over Submitted Drawings,
but Reserves Decision on
Their Merits.
PARDEE EXAMINES PLANS
FOR STATE'S BUILDING
UNION 1082 REQUESTS
SAUNDERS' "WITHDRAWAL
After disposing- of this' section of the
business the union proceeded to install
the following officers, who had been elect
ed at a previous meeting:
President. M. L. Gregg; vice president.
C. w. Bailey; recording secretary, E. B.
De. Roin; financial secretary, Frank
Stradllng; treasurer. J. E. Scully trus
tees. W. B. Firth, E. W. Huchlnson and
C. W. Bailey; warden, F. Perkins; con
ductor, A. E. IJdstrom; auditors. W. V.
Hundley, J..L. Hlnckley and J. E. Shep
perd; delegates to district council, C. "W
Bailey, J: E. Scully, M. L. Gregg and E*
E. De Roln; alternates, John Bohen
burger and F. C. Buckley.
Kennedy Is Promoted.
District Attorney Byington announced
yesterday the promotion of Thomas Ken
nedy to the position of assistant bond
and warrant clerk, made vacant by the
promotion of John J. Greeley as Assist
ant District Attorney In Police Judge
Mogan's court. Kennedy has been for
the last two years assistant clerk in the
District Attorney's office, and Is on* of
the most popular and efficient officials in
the Hall of Justice.
Objects to Him as Delegate to Dis
trict Council and Hakes
Open Protest. V*'
Union 10S2 of the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America at a
meeting held on last Friday, night placed
itself on record regarding the standing
of H. M. Saunders, who Is a member of
sister union No. 22. The following reso
lution, which was adopted, expresses the
sentiments of the members of union 1082:
"Whereas, A short time since one H.
M. Saunders was found guilty in the
courts of this city of a criminal offence,
and
"Whereas, Said H. M. Saunders is a
member of sister union 22 to the district
council of the U. B. C. J. of A. In this
city, therefore, be It
"Resolved, That this union earnestly
and vigorously protests to and requests
said sister union to withdraw said H. M.
Saunders as delegate to the district coun-
SUPERVISORS' EXPENSES
NOT A COUNTY CHARGE
Attorney General Webb So Holds In
an Opinion Requested by Dis
trict Attorney Robinson.
In response to an Inquiry from A. K.
Robinson, District Attorney of Placer
County, Attorney General U. S. Webb has
rendered an opinion to. the effect that
under the county government act of 1901
the traveling and other personal expenses
of the Supervisors of Placer County in
curred in the performance of their du
ties as ex-offlcio Road Commissioners do
not constitute a county charge; that such
expenses must be oorne by the Super
visors, and they are not entitled to be
reimbursed therefor from the" county
treasury.
The opinion further stated that under
the county government act as to a num
ber-of counties it is provided .that the
members of the Board of Supervisors, in
addition to the compensation fixed by the
act, are entitled to their traveling and
other personal expenses incurred in the
performance of their duties as Road Com
missioners, but that in several ' other
counties, including the county of - iacer,
the provision providing for the payment
of • personal expenses is omitted, and in
such counties claims for such expenses
do not constitute a county charge.
In response to a t request from L. N.
Peter t District Attorney, of Plifmas Coun
ty, the Attorney General holds, under the
same reasoning, that Supervisors are not
entitled to their personal expenses'in
curred in visiting the county hospital.
These opinions affect the Supervisors j of
a number of the counties of the State.
Thomas Kelly. & . Sons, 1629 Pine street,
and on May 29 he stole a rig from H. F.
Patrick. -^ . .
AROUSES SUSPICIONS.
Murray pleaded guilty to both charges
and asked lor Immediate sentence, which
aroused the Judge's suspicions, and he in
stituted inquiries resulting in the discov
ery that Murray.under the name of Kent
Moore, had been sent to the reformatory
at Pontiac, 111., on January 17. 1897, and
on, October 2, 1901, he was committed to
the Preston School of Industry from Los
Angeles County t on a charge of ' grand
larceny, and was discharged oh . October
11 of last year... His record in the school
was bad. His age* is now 23.
' John Dougherty, convicted of felony em
bezzlement, wasysentenced to serve four
years in San Quentin. He procured 1500
sacks from ; I*.*"; Bercovich of Oakland by
false representations and sold them to P.
A. McDonald, a coal dealer in this city,
for $78 75. .All
Henry Bays, alias /Lucky" Bays, alias
George Johnson, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of, burglary, was sentenced to
serve- five years In -San : Quentin. *¦ There
were two prior convictions for burglary
against him. He feloniously entered a
vacant house at 2113 Pacific avenue on
April 15.
Miss Meta Elock, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Block, will be married to
day at 2 p. m. at the residence of the
bride's parents at 2214 Webster street to
Biegfr. Scligman. The young married cou
ple will epend their honeymoon in South
ern •California and afterward will leave
for Bernallllo, N. M.. where the bride
groom is one of the principal merchants
connected with the firm of Bibo & Co.
Mrs. W. Wolff and Miss Paula Wolff
hav* returned home after upending a
month at the Potter. Santa Barbara
• ,-. • .-•-¦ •
Miss Boyd of Pittsburg is the guest of
Mrs. J. C. Crawford at her home, 2226
Post street.
Captain B. F. Cheatham was among the
recent arrivals on the transport Thomas
from Manila.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Anderson are at
Fan Rafael.
Miss Cora Smedberg is the guest of Miss
Tompkins at her home in San Anselmo.
I)r. Hitt of Los Angeles Is also a guest of
the came family.
Mies Elizabeth Bawlea, daughter of Col
onel and Mrs. Rawlos. is visiting Miss
Marie Wilson at her home near San Jose.
Miss Amy Porter is having a pleasant
cutlng at Bartlett Springs.
Mrs. C. P. Pomeroy, Miss Christine
Pomeroy end Mrs. John Wright are
spending the present month at Guerne
vtll«.
Mme. Modjeska will spend the summer
p.t her home in Santiago Canyon, near
£anta A/ia.
Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent wa? hostess
at a card party at Fernside, Alameda, on
Thursday afternoon. The guests of honor
were Mrs. William Doggett of New Hav
en, formerly MJss Edith Cohen, and Mrs.
Morton Gibbons. Seven-handed euchre
was t!i<? game and pretty prizes were won
by Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Mrs. Henry
Lund. Mrs. Arthur Kerwin and Mrs. Hen
ry Glass. Others present were Mrs.
Cherles H. Bishop. Mrs. Sidney Allen,
Mrs. A. H. Vail, Mrs. McAndrews, Mrs.
KrauthoST, Mrs. Evarts, Mrs. Alfred Co
licn. Mrs. Hilda Baxter, Mrs. Enirna Ir
•win, Mrs. Charles Noble* Miss Queenje
Russell, the Misses Gibbons, Miss Bernie
Drown, Miss Nellie Chabot, Miss Bessie
McNear and Miss Grace Sanborn.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bates (nee Merrill)
pave a small dinner last evening at their
home on Scott street complimentary to
William J. Hogs, who has just returned
with his steam yacht Meteor.
Mis? Lucie King is the guest of her
aunt, Mrs. Requa, at Piedmont.
• • •
Miss Bertie Bruce and Ferdinand Ste
phenspn virill be married in August at
Trinity Church.
Miss Charlotte Eilinwood gave a small
tea Friday at her home on Devisadero
street, receiving a number of her inti
mate frir-nds. The your,? women were
entertained most informally and spent a
pleasant afternoon.
Mrs. J. D. Grant ajid family of Bur
lingame are at Del Monte.
Among the week's titled visitors at Del
Monte are Baroness Reitzenstein from
liermany and Sir Colon and La'dy Scott
Monincff from I^ondon, England.
Mrs. A. L. Tuhbs is at Del Monte for
the summer. Dr. Dohrmann and Mrs.
Dohrmanii are also there for a few
weeks.
Mrs. John A. Darling of Rutherford.
U visiting her daughter. Mrs La
Montagm-, at Del Monte.
Among those who sp^nt the Fourth at
Del Monte were C It. Splivalo and fam
ily. Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Huckbee. Mr. and
Mrs. Horace L. Kill a:;d Horace Hill Jr..
AV. W. Carson. Miss Helen Wagner, W.
Morgan O'Connor and Mr. and Mrs.
CJeorge M. Armsby.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parrott and family of
San Mateo are spending the summer at
Del Monte. Major Lewis Smith, U. S. A.,
and Mrs. Smith are at Del Monte. Mrs.
Arthur Bird, daughter of \V. S. McCor
mick, the wealthy banker of SaH I^ake
City, is there. Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Oyster
are also there for the summer.
The "important business" which calls
the Rev. Mr. Jn.'iis from a charge which
is paid to be very congenial to him Is. ac
cording to a statement made by a promi
nent clerjryman of the Episcopal church,
neither more nor less than matrimony. T!ir!
rector of the church that has always been
Jhe representative In the whole West of
•what is - hish«st" has. it is said, fallen
a victim to the bright eyes of a devout
little communicant, a daughter of an
army officer ami one of the fairest of all
the young damsels that have graced the
historic post of the Presidio. Forgotten
iire the vows of celibacy and Father Innis,
has decided to become a benedict.
Rumor is busy in. the church as to the
identity of the bride-to-be, but the secret
has been well kept. It is said that the
wedding will take place somewhere in the
East and before long. Whether Father
Innis will return to his present charge Is
problematical.
The congregation of the ritualistic
Church of 8t. Mary's the Virgin, at Union
and ' Steiner streets, has been of late
greatly perplexed over the incompre
hensible actions of its esteemed clergy
man. Rev. Stephen Innis, wb<y for the
past three years has been conducting the
services of the parish.
Though not in accord with the Bishop
of the diocese on the question of ritual
and church practice, the Rev. Mr. Innis
has met with no Interference from his
ecclesiastical superior "and might have
continued as rector of St. Mary's Indefi
nitely as far as Bishop Nichols was con
cerned. Tht*n it was announced that the
Rev. Mr. Innis had experienced a change
of heart and was about to join the Roman
• •ommunion. This was afterward spe
cifically denied by the reverend gentle- 1
mau himself, who announced tha.t
he had askod for a year's vacation in
order that he tnipbt attend to certain
'"business" matters, the nature of which
he would not disclose.
RECTOR DECIDES
TO JOIN RANKS
OF BENEDICTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
48
• ISMAB, <£)'¦
H \tt n H B B Hi BjfiV vUy B^^w H H Bf u " " mK H fl M
She Performs Marvelous Things in Foretelling Future Erents and in Caring Diseases.
Following Is a letter from a lady In at last told me of you. It has been five
Santa Barbara who for eleven years suf- months now since the cancer disappeared
fered with a disease that was pronounced and my health Is simply perfect. Grate*
incurable: .u.A fully yours,
..•¦aYTPjr, MRS. GEORGINA HESKERLE.
/S5w£R5§S»%L The above letter ia in keeping with hun-
Ja^loilgSSSaKA dreda of others that Ismar receives con-
The cures that are effected by lama-
*&**'&&£' j£*\JrtL are not only w °n^erful by reason of thei-
*T'V'^W *% «W» great number, but many of them are lir-
»i*^=sA>^ ~**m tle short of miraculous. " l
J^i'Sv-:'^^ '~~" S S Thousands all over America have been
A»&>&*<«s. £* <A tt cured through I.-mnar's wonderful dsvc^Ic
HSv^^S^^' — '-/">lVb and psychological gifts. Only rocenVlv
J*f »V\iSa 5 ~-O^ i'BS Mr - C - Crowlev and wife of 935 Kirkham
<V& street. Oakland, were cured of Bright™
J'<S 'sSffi*''/ '£j6 disease and cancer, respectively by tV
" A*il*M ! ''$>?''* ffi' S&BQt' mar's marvelous powers. There is hope
iSi£w-'\tW-'iji '^*^-jWkJS$1w\ Thousands have been benefited arri
B$STi!r£Af ft'^8?^B5flB^i made hapl)y h^ause they have TconsuHp
gr-v/ llW-m |#^fIlTv U,« a " d h^ ded h ,er words. InnumerS
wCVj/, 'iWM X&$Ba'm$F\ ble "thers have found prospoMtv »n,i
BS*?fr > ifiv'^y . many others have found or acquired Vro ,r
, i:«3fflft^i wealth because hmar di«l OS rt "2 them
: <By* ; 'WM' f J|*«^^i|f'^TO wa ™o a "ucc a c"s POlnted out to them th^
9"'; trw *»*/ 1 r'1 »^('VrRffl'TBSrl\lT Don't lose hope until you call on v,«^
w mifil^ 1^^ mA-oS 1 U3 10 w ** 1 *"* »?«
>1 "-'-' ; - : ''.j'- ;^- .•-- A - v :n«?aj|SIlllj|/ let any sort of scruples or rtn,,h^
Dear Madam: I desire to express my restrain vou from seeing her. uou °is
gratitude to you for my complete recov- Her readings by mail are Derfertlv m^r-
ery to health. For eleven years I snf- cessful also. Three questions answered
fered untold agony with what was pro- for $1.00; full life reading for *3 00 Office
nounced a cancer. I spent thousands of 1104 Market street, above Mason 4»n
dollars with so-called specialists, but all Francisco, Cal. '. ° an
to no purpose. I - steadily grew worse. Office hours— Daily, 10 a. m »« r?*u,
until my life was despaired of. A friend Phone South 111L m * w ** nu
, TT ALE'S. | HALE'S. j^J HALE'S. ( HALE'S | FACE'S | SALE'S
Midsummer Economies Bubble Over at Hale's
A Weeh of Mighty Opportunities From Ail Over the Store— Just a First Adful for Starting Monday . Morning
Lovely 16c Ribbons J^^-v. j^^^~^^E&m^ Sale Dinner Ware
Go-Cart, S9.45. — •. " V -^^^^^MI^«^""^ g j n Vegetable Dishes. a8c
Full size combination cart and baby Hfllft'Q PoWPf* PlTHlh^l ci*7£>H ThlC Woolr Cream Pitcher 25c
carriage. Fancy sides, extra high. Has lldlC O rUVVVI i-wlll JL/llCliM ACU llllb W CWlV Sauce BpatS 38c
parasol and upholstered cushion. New «-^ •ff~"% k m • _¦ m ' ' Cake Plates "j8c
?£¥!—-—•—- Rare Bargains—Sheets, Cases, Muslins aSffi!EEi~E3
Go-Cart $I=5 — _,. . And a few
it-s a handsome fuii reed go-cart. Rl S ht at a time whetl cotton bargains are unthought of. With cotton prices the highest in years. With a cotton famine pre- Dinner Sets at $12.75. 100 pieces-
uphoVsteTed^ulMon spHn^Yatin ££ dicted But while others wcre thinking Hales' were acting. Months % ago, when the cotton scarcity was the veriest rumor, Hales' in- enough for " persoas-and «" a 8r e
:&^&^S£ w^Wven? vestigatcd and found it to be based on solid fact. Then buy-how we did buy! Surprised wholesalers by our recklessness. But we \T™™°i£LkiL ofXner^rf
011 from running out. jib. knew what we were doing. Sheets, cases, muslins— everything cotton— came Haleward; but they came at old prices. We couldn't this is a chance you can't afford to
folding Go-tart, $3.25 — dream of duplicating — nay, some even for half more. overlook.
toTbac^^?ar^e^"Sw?« r te« They're here now for you. Values so unusual it'll pay you to think ahead a bit of the beddings you'll need later if not
on7hl BSelt\l? n %™c/il«T n take " now. Remember, when these are gone prices must be according to the new ruling— and they haven't stopped advancing yet. So share $1-00 Gloves, 80c
— heavily now. Just a few mentions here — read them, then come. Hosts of others at the store. Think of — Another sale —
Hammocks Now . Q • CL , A ; >» ' —Starts to-morrow morning—
Priced at Halc's this week so every O 1 XV U 5UC. 45X36 PllIOW CaSeS, 1 0C. —Another lot of those Splendid
family can have one. Here s one , r , , , , , . , „ ,. ,. • . „ . , „. . - »*«-»w«^j m. vv» / r
A . and they are bleached and fine quality muslin. All one piece— that Bleached and Extra Quality. Why, we could not buy them aeain at thU dollar gloves to go at 8OC.
Sil 49c — means a lot. There is no seam down the center. The best sheet for price ourselves at wholesale. Made of the very best muslin with thl p M/) , //T t - n :j x n -+:- , /A / ~ M ,,
This one's close woven with heavy the money we ever heard of. French seam. 45x36 is the universal size slri —httottgh Said to Stir Up any
cotton ropes. Color red and green. Has V . o , lar lie 43x30 is me universal size. bame. goods arc regu- nn . nunt n f :-»„,-*}- zjnlSt trltvr?*
a spreader; 34x64 inches; at 49c. S4 X P°~ST C 6jXpo — 4.5c 72X90 — 48c pOXpO—JJC lar ISC amOUtlt Of interest in tlOle S glOVe
At 85c— Bleached Sheeting, I9c a Yard - Hale's Price To-morrow, 10c Each. section to-morrow.
h^SSSw Sr-trSc^i. Sft s ?£ 9 - 4 SbieVi In s c a h m es e ££t.i*^ "^ for Pi»ow Cases, 13^c. ¦ \ Two Clasp Lambskins
in red. green or yellow. Think of it To-morrow, IS Cent. . Yard. ""^ *" F * comfortably, and snugly. Pli-
AtgSc— Unbleached Muslin, 5c a Yard n . n - - , able as one of th f bcst German
Its cotton woven, with hidden Full 36 inches wide> Fine extra strong thread. "Wear like everything. Lots ""lOW VaSmg, _ IOC 8 Yard makers can make them. Embroid-
stretcher There"s a deep fringed val- of women prefer unbleached because it's strong. Will bleach white In Bleached— good quality. "Worth 12%c yard.- 42 Inches «fd« h,,f w- «™d backs. All ColoTS^ — all sizes,
ance. It s a large size; 9Sc. a little while. 5c to-morrow. wanted the unusual. So p» 7 10c to-morirow. " WM *' but We And we guarantee every pair.
• T New Fall Dress Goods > j|(8LjSL .^ '^Hp Sale Chi i£™£ Dresses
Advance guards of the verv latest weaves. SffliSuffiSfel 7 '^^^^^ .. At 50c, 95c, $1.50
Zib e linCS S-, 5 JJ-^B— c.o. h t H a H,U« .„«, nap, in «,. „,, Wf| for "^5 SfES
o LT^nr & 5*^5 ># . fSm' J^m -&L s °t dres r v irIs n rom , 6 to i4 v t- , Th5y>rc of fin - >- Lt °- u ™
We have them in all the new fall shades '*& C^~- f§#H* s ' e vvlth ruffle - Daintllv trimmed with insertion and white braid.
we nave tnem in ail the new tall shades. -,^ K^^ltft 1 c drcs S" in the sailor style, of heavy percale. Sailor collar of white
French Eohans Si.oo yard— 42 inches wide. Silk and wool combined in a _--,— . ?„•„,„, A uu't u -X tu t- tj • r \_- .
beautiful light material. And it's new and in the new fall colors. One ~*&?^ JW » d trimme d ™* *»cy. braid. The shield is of white pique.
of the prettiest fabrics we have seen, and at $1.00 to-morrow. rtrt • \ .+ w_w j_ »«• j r^ * f oxblood.
Cream Figured Mohairs 50c yard— It's entirely new, in dainty designs and . 0 rilTIITlGQ 1I3XS /Vl USt I IO 5 ° dresses » made of chccked gingham with blouse front. Yoke, cuffs,
little dots and figures woven in the best English manner. 38 inches *„ \ * M4?|r V-»vr belt and collar made of plain material to match. Trimmed with inser-
wide, 12 patterns to choose from, 50c yard. . \ That's the command. It's "Clear OUt" and "Get ready" for tion - Bishop sleeves and full skirt. Ages 6 to 14 years.
Wool Crepe 75c yard-A new French material, made with all the French Fall stock -now, and to-morrow Hale's trimmed hat prices drop / ~TZ ~T
w^^c^ h ** 7 M "f? * "^ "^ with a thud.so we can do it quickly and well. \ 2 l Ac FailCY DUCR Ot 9C.
Panne Canvas at 75c yard— It's going to be onp of the most popular new $12 hats to $4.75. $7 hats to $3-75- $6 hats to§2.J$. $4 ..... . *
black goods this fall Little ruffed-up surface and open meshed. 50 hats to $1.75. Great summer beauties. Swellest shapes and ma- —White with colored dots. . . •
inches wide, 75c yard. . , ' , .. , . . v Navv rvith white' dot*
Black Etamine at 75 c yard-Regular $r.oo grade, 42 inches wide. There tW ° ™° rC WW^™*' J^ wide 'Afineaualitv unusual at 1<>V c vard
has not been anvthinsr more oonular PriceH tn tnnr^ow at —r V * T A At $1.75— Some very pretty trimmed $3.76— Some beautiful - Dress Hats — 25 m - WU*€. A tine quality UHUSUal at 12y 2 C yard.
nas not oeen anjtnmg more popular. I need to-morrow at /o c yard. hats. • -See -the one in the- cut. The worth $6.00 and $7.00. Very best A new suit or skirt for the coast or tennis 3 This is the verv thine All
Ought to go quickly. work alone is worth $1.75. without styles, trimmed with fine flowers V nn w^Mn mnrrmv If nrvarH or.ienms. mis is We very tmn*. All
the material. .But we-re. not going and ribbons. $3.75 to-morrow. you want tO-morro\V at QC yard.
Oa.e Avenut. jg!t^^jOOOO OQOt>* 0^ Gate Avenue. straw braids. Every one foinjr at and ornaments. My! We can't give Gate Avenue. > gy -^^j0^o r.A*% m oLt* .-Z!
1 ' " '»—»¦¦ -^ I 1 $a.75 to-morrow. you an. idea of their beauty. | . | -^^^r»»« pwgg^ iwwAveaue.To Build New Paris Theater.
One of the most popular of the younger
set now In London is Miss Fullerton, a
daughter of Vice Admiral Sir John Ful
lerton, G. C. V. O., who was so long in
command of his Majesty's yacht, Victoria
and Albert, and who is now Groom in
Waiting to his Majesty. Mlsa Fullerton's
mother is the daughter of the late Colonel
Edward Samuel Capel. and it will be re
membered that two of her sisters were
recently married to two naval officers.
Another young and lovely member of
the aristocratic set Is Miss Beatrice Pa
get, youngest daughter of Lady Alexan
der Paget.
The Countess of Kingston Is now In
town, and Is one of the season's nvrst
charming and entertaining hostesses.
Lady Howard of Glossop, who, perhaps,
heads the group of Roman Catholic
dames of high degree and great position,
was before her marriage Miss Scott-Kerr.
The Howards of Glossop are a branch of
the Duke of Norfolk's family, and the
present peer's sisters are severally Lady
Loudon, Lady Herries and Lady Bute.
Lady Churchill, like her clever and dis
tinguished husband, has long been a fa
vorite at court. She was, before her
marriage, Lady Verena Maud Lowther.
She and Lord Churchill elected to be
married on the New Year's Day of 1SS7,
and, doubtless owing to the fact that the
Dowager Lady Churchill was one of the
most intimate friends of Queen Victoria,
her late Majesty showed great interest In
the new peeress, and became sponsor to
both her children. Both Lord and Lady
Churchill are high In the favor of the
present sovereign, and Lord Churchill
was raised a step in the peerage on th«
occasion of the coronation.
Dupplin Castle, which now has for mis
tress the smart Countess of KInnoull.
who was Miss Mollie Darrell, is a splen
did place near Perth, and surrounded by
one of the finest timbered estates in
Scotland, the house standing in the cen
ter of a star of avenues.
Although Parliament has adjourned
over the Whitsuntide recess, London con
tinues gay and, society leaders are still
entertaining lavishly.
Lady Dupplin, the daughter-in-law of
Lord KInnoull. who has the quaint Chris
tian name of Luz. married the heir to all
the Hay titles and dignities two years
ago.
as lady grand president, of the
League of Mercy, gave to a considerable
number of office holders in the league at
Marlborough House.
LONDON. July 11.— Lovely weather
favored the reception which the
Prince of Wales, as grand presi
dent, and the Princess of Wales,
Lavish Entertain
ments Are All
the Vogue.
Weather Clerk Is
Kind to Smart
Reception.
SOCIETY
STILL GAY
IN LONDON
enev atrocitic-s. a man named Pi
ttrjewski, has committed suicide at Kish
enev because the director of the Russian
Ministry of Justice had arrived there,
commissioned by the Czar to make a
ttringent investigation into the horrors.
A number of persons previously dis
charged from arrest at Kishenev, how
ever, have been rcarrested and others
morally responsible for the murders have
been arrested.
The Frankfurter Zeitung says it learns
from the same source that former Gov
ernor von Raaben has returned to Kishe
nev and is endeavoring to get the Jewish
population of that place to unite in a tes
timonial to the effect that he behaved
correctly during the massacres.
WASHINGTON. July U.-Information
of an entirely reliable character concern
ing the Kishenev massacre has reached
h^re. From advices received to-day it
appears that the protests which are made
in the United States and many other civ
iiized countries against the murderous at
tacks upon the Jews in Kishenev last
spring have not been without practical ef
fect. This information states that the
Kussian Government has been moved to
vigorous action in the matter of investi
gating and punishing those who were re
sponsible for the Kishenev massacre.
Eight hundred arrests have been made
and as a result of the preliminary exam
ination 350 persons have been remanded
lor trial in the lower courts. Four hun
dred and fifty cases have been sent to the
<7>urt nf Apr^als, of which fifty-three are
indirtir.ents for manslaughter. A change
of venue having been ordered, the trials
•if those accused of murdering and hor
ribly maltreating the Jews at Kishenev
mill occur in September at Tiraspol.
BERLIN. July 11.— The Frankfur
ter Zeitung says it learns by
way of Bucharest. Roumania.
that the ringleader of the Kish-
Others Implicated
Have Been Re
arrested.
Prefers Death to
Czar's Investi
gation.
KISHENEV
MURDERER
A SUICIDE
CONTEMPORARY EUROPE AS THE CABLE TELLS OF IT
THE MORGANATIC WIFE OF A CROWN PRINCE: A FAVORITE AT THE
COURT OF KING EDWARD VII AND AN AMERICAN GIRL POPULAR
PARIS, July 11.— One of the most In
teresting and decidedly the most
useful and popular groups of
American personalities in Paris is
one that is not to be measured by the
size of the coupon cut or the monthly
output of a Western wealth belcher— by
the show made before the many-eyed
whose gaze the glitter draws and holds.
With the people of Paris, from Premier
to populace, no one American, however
voluminous his roll or lavish his spend-
Ings, is more generally known or held in
better esteem than Consul General
Gowdy, whoso genial face and affable
bearing win for him favor on every hand,
r;ora foreigner as well as fellow country.
it. an.
Having won his present honorable and
responsible position by his own merit,
Mr. Gowdy has since his appointment by
PreEident McKiiJey in 1S37 fulfilled the
multifarious duties of his office, Incl-
dental as well as official, fn a manner
that has won the approbation of all
Americans who have come into contact
with him, andc ommanded the respect and
confidence of both the Government which
accredited him and the one receiving him.
In the ultra-official demands that come
upon him, which aie not few and often
of great urgency, the Consul General has
the hearty and able support of his good
and helpful wife and daughter. The lat
ter is the inseparable companion of her
father and mother and their efficient aid
in all they take in hand to do.
To them comes the first complaint of
the stranded traveler away from home,
broken, discouraged and maybe sick unto
death. Never are their ears deaf- to the
pica of a needy countryman, and never
do they fail to aid materially, as well as
otherwise, the distressed in mind, body
or estate. ;
To the sick and dying they have been
ministering angels; to the erring they
hav« been good Samaritans, indeed. It
is not at all strange that they 1 are be
loved by all that know them— that every
American returning from Paris should
have "a good word" for the Gowdys.
And with all the demands made upon
them in connection with the consular of
fice the Gowdys have found time to en
dear themselves to a wide circle of
Parisians as well as the members of the
American colony. The Consul General is
a most approachable man In his office, as
is the family in the home, in the Rue de
la Pompe, where the generous hospitality
engendered and practiced on the broad
acred farm back. in Rush County, In
diana, welcomes without stint.
At their receptions are to be found the
artist, the musician and the writer, as
well as the people of the society world,
and all are made to feel at home.
, In this phase of the family life, as her
mother is of a naturally retiring dispo
sition, Miss Fanny Gowdy takes the lead.
Endowed with many natural attractions,
well educated before leaving her Indiana
home, where she had all the refining ad
vantages 'that wealth could, give: with
wide experience of travel in America and
in Europe, of "quick observation and re
fined judgment, she is . in every degree
competent to fill the position of semi
official aid . and ' social director for her
father and mother.
IS A PRINCESS, BUT
. OF NO IMPORTANCE
Countess Sophie Chotek Is Only
Morganatic Wife of Austria's
Future King.
VIENNA, July "; 11.— In official eyes.
Princess Hohenberg is a personage, of no
importance whatever, for, : although she
is the wife of the heir to the crown^of
Austria, her marriage was a morganatic
one. Moreover, before the ceremony was
held she formally and in the most solemn
fashion renounced any rights or privileges
or claims to precedence which it might
give her. .
Nevertheless socially her position -is
very different from that of other morgan
atic wives, for whereas thejvare for the
most part erstwhile members of the the
atrical or of the musical profession, Prin
cess Hohenberg belongs by birth to the
most exclusive, community in all Europe,
that of the Austrian great feudal noblea.
Before her marriage, when she was cre
ated Princess Hohenberg, she was Count
ess Sophie Chetek, and one of. the most
popular members of the inner Hofbuii?
circle • tc which no one is admitted tnat
has not sixteen quarterings at least. S':e
has 'I'Bfcsed practically her' whole llfo . at
court and on terms of close intimacy with
the .various . members: of. the , imper'al
family.
Her manner is singularly attractive,
and presents an odd combination of the
finished charm of a brilliant woman of
th« world, with great simplicity and an at- I
most naive eagerness to please. As a re- I
suit she is the most popular Princes* la I
Vienna. I
United States' Representative at the French Capital Is Said to Be the Most Popular American in Parisian Society, a
Reputation Deservedly Shared by His Charming Wife and Daughter, His Unofficial Aids.
CONSUL GENERAL GOWDY HAS ESTABLISHED HIMSELF IN PARIS
AS THE GLOBE TROTTING YANKEE'S NEVER FAILING FRIEND
Pages 49 fe^p
.J J.
Pages 49 to 52
*- : +
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
PARIS, July 11.— An American million
aire whose name has not been made pub
lic is stated to have purchased the for
mer mansion of the Governor of Paris in
the Place Vendome for 2,700,000 francs
($540,000).
It is said that he will transform the
building into a handsome theater, give it
his own name and erect a bust of himself
on the staircase. Only lyric plays will ba
given, Interpreted by the leading slnjera
of the world.WITH THE
PLAYERS AND THE
MUSIC FOLK
Plays and the Players.
TWO thirds of the Grand Opera-house
stage will be torn out and a sub
. stage erected for the , big produc
tion of "BenHur." A large force of car-
Free Musical Library.
OF greatest interest to tho music
lover is the new musical depart
ment that in a few days from now
will be thrown open in our Free Public
Library. As some will remember, the
question of such a collection for tho Free
L!brary was pretty widely discussed some
months ago. To Mme. Kmelia Tojettl,
whose presidency of the music section of
the California Club has been variously
and pleasantly memorable, belongs tho
honor of having set this ball rolling. The
importance of such collection In the form
ation of musical taste in the community
has, of course, long been recognized; lo
cally, however, the question had been Ig
nored until a few months ago, when Mme.
Tojettl made her plea to the authorities.
Bristling with statistics from libraries all
over the country, of the demonstrated
usefulness of the music library, of its
popularity, of the character and extent of
the various collections, the lady then elo
quently voiced the local need. That was
at Christmas time, and now, a day or
two hence will see the modest opening of
our free public library of music. , : .
It will, in truth, be quite a modest af
fair. Our city fathers have as yet been
able to devote only $200 to the purpose,
but that the fund has been most wisely
expended the following list will witness.
Here again many thanks should go Mme.
Tojetti's way. Not only to her is owing
the suggestion for the choice of the
music thus far, but the admirable repre
sentative list of operas that the collec
tion contains has been enriched by eight
een works from her own library. Let you
and I do so much, good music lover, and
the San Francisco library will very short
ly be a thing of pride. ...
Inevitably, and quite properly In San
Francisco, the operatic element was
given in Mme. Tojetti's list,
but lt /! wlll be noted that there is also a
.A ¦ •¦-.--*-¦¦
rate what we might send them.
"They say that it is never too late to
learn," said Lillian Burkhart the other
day. "but I must confess that I had never
thought that it would bo necessary for
me to take up stage dancing. No. I hava
no ambition to become a premier dan
seuse. but I have just purchased a new
sketch entitled The Man and the Bur
glaress,' which I will uso In the vaude
ville houses this fall, anJ In it I am re
quired to dance. A dancing burglar«s9
ought to be something of a novelty. It
is terrible, though, to think of having to
practice several hours a day In the hot
summer under an unfeeling danclns mas
ter. My new sketch was played at a
benefit performance at the Waldorf-As
toria by Blanche Bates and Robert T.
Halnes, where it scored a great hit. I
expect it to be one of the most successful
sketches that I have ever U3ed."
Henry W. Savage has announced that
Raymond HitchcQck will create the lead-
Ing role In "The Yankee Consul." the new
comic opera by Henry M. Blossom Jr.
and Alfred G. Robyn. Mr. Hitchcock is
at present in Italy and will visit Paris,
Berlin and London before he returns to
this country In August. "The Yankea
Consul" will be produced upon an elabor
ate scale by Mr. Savage early in me com«
ing season.
J. H. Stoddart, who is starring In "The
Bonnie Brier Bush," wants to get back
to Broadway. He says there la only one
place in the country that Scotch haggis
can be prepared to hts fastidious taste,
and that is In a little French restaurant
In Forty-second street, where the cook la
German, her assistant a Chinaman, tha
waiters Italian, and moat of the guest*
-Irish.
It is promised that Miss Henrietta Cros
man's production of "As You Like It"
next autmun will present the richest and
most beautiful Shakespearean pictures
ever revealed on the stage.
Nat M. Wills, previous to beginning re
hearsals with his musical comedy, "A Son
of Rest," will spend a week at St. James.
I* I., where he will act aa captain ot
the local baseball cluU
useful oratorio and cantata selection and
a goodly set of four-hand symphony ar
rangements for pianoforte— those next
best things to the scores. But here end
eth the fair beginnings of our library.
Some talk there is already, however, of
adding the pianoforte and violin and
pianoforte sonatas at an early date, but
the appended list is complete up to to
day. It is designed to add to the collec
tion from time to time at the suggestion
of prominent musicians, and certainly no
more useful outlet for private beneficence
will suggest itself.
And now. What is done by the trustees
in the future will depend almost wholly
upon tho public Interest taken in the mat
ter, and if I knew my San Francisco, it
will not be lacking here. A matter of
large moment is the circulation question,
that will immediately present Itself to the
trustees on the opening of ' tho music
shelves— that is. as to whether the music
shall be put into circulation or kept for
reference only. If the latter, its "useful
ness will be seriously impaired until a
music-room with a pianoforte is part of
the library equipment. Again, if it Is put
Into circulation its referential value will
be nil. Here a double set of scores, one
for reference, one for circulation, is the
only completely satisfactory solution of
the difficulty. But in default of the
double series, and of the music-room,* it
would certainly seem wiser to put the
present collection into circulation. In the
Eastern libraries, where there are refer
ence and circulation departments both, it
is usual to reserve for circulation operatic
scores, oratorios, cantatas, piano, piano
and violin and song literature. And now,
with best wishes to the new library, I
give with pleasure the following list of
its modest riches:
Operatic vocal scores : Wagner— Da a Rhein
gold, Die Walkure, Siegfried, Gotterdammer
ung, Parsifal, Lohengrin, Tannhauser. Tristan
und Isolde, Flying Dutchman,- RIenzl, Die
Meisterslnger. G. Verdi — Alda, Othello Man
ronl Requiem, La Travlata, 1} Trovatore.
G. Puccini— La Boheme, La Tosca, Manon Les
caut. Mascagnl— Cavalleria Rustlcana, Iris,
L'Amico Fritz. Leoncavallo — I Pagllaccl. '¦¦ WY
Giordano — Andr« Chenier. Massenet — Manon
Lescaut, Sapho. Saint-Sa«ns— Samson and
Delilah. Gounod— Faust. Romeo and , Juliet.
A. Thomas — Mignon. . Dellbee — Lakrrse.: Bizet
— Carmen. Berlioz — Laa Troyem. gpontinl —
La Vestale. Donizetti — Lucia, Don Paaquale,
La Favorlta, Lucreiia Borgia. Mozart— Dos
can," I said as we rose to take, our leave.
"No, I know nothing of politics." said
President McKinley's niece, "I just loved
uncle." BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
penters will come here for that purpose
two weeks ahead of the opening date.
Writing In the Theater Magazine for
July, Albert'E. Lancaster, the playwright,
says:
What is the reason that England and
the Contingent continue to exercise over
us a fascination, as far as the stase is
concerned, which we are very seldom _able
to exercise over them? Irving, for in
stance, has been visiting this country
continually for tho last twenty years.
Does any one suppose he would do so un
less he made a good deal more money
here than in hie native land? But. do we
ever hear of Mansfield acting In London,
and then making a successful tour of the
British provinces? Yet, Mansfield is. In
many respects, as good an actor as Ir
ving, and there are those who think him
better. Miss Terry has been received
here with delight on Innumerable occa
sions; yet the late Augustln Daly sank
very many thousands of dollars in trying
to establish Miss Rehan in London— and
she is. In various roles, as oharmin* as
the English actress. Upon very rare oc
casions an American star, through a for
tunate combination of circumstances,
makes a successful London appearance,
and may count upon a cordial rewelcome.
Charlotte Cushman contrived to get a
hearing less by luck than by an explosive
expression of her personality. Edwin
Booth failed to elicit any attention there
in his youth, and If he was partially suc
cessful on the English staga in his ma
turity it was because he and Irving acted
In company. Mary Anderson was one of
the few who became London favorites.
Recently Mr. Gillette played a very suc
cessful season there, and so did Mrs. Car
ter. But Mr. Sothern has never appeared
there at all. and John Drew has not done
so since he became a star. Maude Adams'
debut In London has frequently been
mentioned, but has never taken place.
How long is It to be postponed, and why?
We do not mean to say that in all the
records of the American stage there are
no instances of European successes be
ing achieved by American actors. But
the number Is r very small. There is too
great & - disposition to overrate what
comes to us from abroad,' and vastly too
great a disposition la Europe to under-
• • •
Giovanni, Marriage of Figaro. Maglo Flute.
Bellini — Norma, La Sonnambula. A. Bolto —
JTrfistofelP. Meyerbeer — L«*s Huguenots.
Weber — Der Freischutz. Rossini — II Barbiere,
William Tell. Beethoven— Fidelia. Flotow—
Martha. Clmarosa— II Matrlmonlo Segreto. A.
Ponchielli— La Gioconda. C. Cluck— Alcestls.
Orpheus, Armida. fjchumnnn— Genoveva.
Oratorios, cantatas: Berlioz — Damnation or
Fau*t. Pergolesl — Stabat Mater. Rossini —
Stabat Mater. Dvorak — Stabat Mater, Spec
ter's Bride. Max Bruch — Odysseus. A. Sulli
van — Golden Legend. C. Franck — The Beati
tudes. Dubols — Paradise Lost, Seven Lost
Words. II. Parker — Ilora Novlwima. Klgar—
Dream of Geronttus. Liszt— Legend of fat.
Klizabeth. J. Brahms — German Requiem,
Gounod— Redemption, Mora et Vita. Schu
mann—Paradise and the Peri, Faust. Haydn
— Seasons Creation. Handel — "Messiah. Men
delssohn—Elijah. St. Paul, Hymn ot Praise.
» Symphonies: Beethoven — Nine symphonies.
Dvorak — New World Symphony. Goldmark —
Landtiche Hochzeit. Haydn— No. 8 (Surprise),
No. 0 (G minor). No. 11 (Military). Mendels
sohn—No, a (Scotch). No. 4 (Italian). Mozart
—No 543 (K flat),' No. 550 (G minor), No. 551
(Jupi'ter). Raff— No. 3 (Im Walde). Rubin
stein No. 2 (Ocean). Schubert — No. 8 (B mi
nor unfinished). No. 0 (C major). Schumann
No 1 (B fiat). No. 2 (C major). No. 4 (D
minor). Tschalkowskl — No. B, No. C.
Symphonic poems: Mendelssohn — Midsummer
Night's Dream.' Moskowski — Joan of Arc.
Saint-Saens— Rouet d'Omphale, Phaeton,
Danse Macabre.
"Sangsfor Scotsmen Far Frae Hame" is
the self-explanatory title of a quaint pub
lication that comes to me this week. The
songs, four in number, are a product of
local genius, the words by James Smith,
the music by George St. John Bremnerf
Both aro wholesome and pleasing and will
doubtless prove of interest to the Scot
"far frae hame." "The Thistles" pos
sesses more than ordinary merit. It Is
very singable and has an unmistakable
Scotch lilt, which, ( indeed, is common to
the series. "The : St. Andrews" has a
fine patriotic swing and words that will
warm the cockles of every guid Scotch
heart. The get-up of the little sheet Is
very attractive, with its brave tartan and
thistles. (Publishers, Smith & Brenmer;
60 cents.) ¦• :
CHERRY lips." "cheeks
of milk and roses,"
"eyes of sapphire."
"dimples where a score
of laughing Cupids
hide" and any number
Ciore of. the wonderful old similes our
grandmammas used to make come up as
one looks at Miss Mabel McKinley. For
a variety of reasons I decided that "the
favorite niece of the late President Mc-
Kinley" was to me the most interesting
figure of the moment. Last Sunday saw
her debut into vaudeville— from a person
cf privileged privacy to a star commer
cially worth $12j'3 a week. I wanted to
know how it felt to become suddenly so
valuable. Then Miss McKinley"s papa,
Abner McKinloy, offered his daughter
JCC'.OOQ, and her husband. Dr. Baer. offered
liis wife S10.0UO to abstain from the foot
light career. I wanted to know the young
lady's determining motive in setting aside
their wishes. Again, there is a lively dis.
russion afoot as to the relative values of
the singer's voice and name. I wanted
her opinion on the subject. Further, there
are those— not a few— to whom the use
of the late President's name in the con
nection is strongly distasteful. I thought
his "favorite niece" must have something
cf interest to say in the matter. Then
those pathetic little crutches— the fact
that it would be Miss McKinley's debut
interview — a score, indee«i, of interests de
tided my choice of Fubject for the week.
Accordingly 2 p. m. on Tuesday last
found me, with my artist accomplice. In
the Palace elevator. There was not far
to go. A suite on the first floor, facing
Market street, is one of the accompani-
Ti.ents of a tl'JM a week salary. It was
n borer of roses into which we were in
troduced, f Hosts, roses everywhere, ex
cept where there were carnations — on the
l:iano, on the mantelpiece, all over the
tabics. and Miss McKinley in the midst
of them like a great central blossom. She
came forward, smiling, on her crutches
and gave us greeting. She had first to
decide upon her next week's programme
at the Orpheum, and said so.
"How wouid the 'Jewel Song' from
'Faust' do for the first number?" Miss
McKinley appealed to the company.
The "Jewel Song " was decided upon,
and then came the question of the other
numbers. Miss McKtnley thought "La
Danza" of Chadwiek would be delightful
for the second song if it were sufficiently
popular in character, though recognizing
the reasonableness of Mr. Morrisey's re
quest for the imminent "Violets." Her
own song, "Anona," that has got Into
the gallery whistle, she thought, "there
had been enough of."
"There is a darling little Japanese love
fong that might go for the third." she
f'na'ly suggested— "all about a maid who
lived on a lantern and her swain on a
package of tea."
But whether this is the programme you
will get this afternoon at the Orpheum is
not for me to say. Mr. Morrisey may
yet get his "Violets," and Miss McKin
kfjr may have changed her mind— she is a
woman.
And there I'm wrong. Miss McKinley
if not a woman. She isn't a day over
fweet sixteen, nor ever will be. She is
Just a bonnie, spoiled. Irresponsible child,
on the etage because she has been denied
nothing during her short span, of years.
Ehe is of the stuff that matinee girls are
made cf, living in a world of faery, of
rcsy dream stuff. The world has been al
ways kind, and she has the impregnable
courage of happiness. Her naive delight
In things— in her success, in her fiowers,
in her hats, in her singing— is purely
charming. She is the essence of good
rature, even as radiantly amiable as she
looks, and unaffected naturalness itself.
I began unconventionally: "Miss Mc-
JCinl^y, you have a very charming black
hat that I know Mr. Cahill would prefer
to the one you are wearing— he tells me
he likes them that way. May we please
have it?"
"Certainly," she gurgled, and handing
the handsome erection, all ingenuous blue
feathers and spreading brim, to the maid,
change it for the black "creation" that
an-ears in the portrait. Then she pouted:
"But I did all that for your benefit. This
black hat has b^en used in so many pic
tures. Still, it goes with this gown and
that's something."
"This gown" was of black velvet, and
eminently characteristic of the wearer in
its quaint, ornatr mode. It left the plump
neck bare, Fwathrd the round figure
"prJncsse" fashion, fell away into a long
train and broke out here and there into
Ffardsley drsigns of white satin. From
the hem of it popped a tiny characteris
tic fhoe— 1'£— with a full rosette and a
pale blue heel. From neck almost to hem
¦Sell a Ftrlng of ptarls, to which hung a
cross of gold. There were pearls as large
as peas in the ears, diamonds and pearls
en the plump fingers. The hair, sunny
brown, was worn in what I am informed
is a "Norma Whalley dip" in front and
with two coquettish curls falling from
the knot at the back.
"You like clothes, don't you?" I asked.
Bl^ss her! I knew she did!
"Indeed I do," she laughed, her face
about the lips crumpling Into dimples by
the down. "But I had to put this dress
on to keep warm. There you sit in a lawn
waist— perfectly warm, I know— and here
In freezing! Feel my hands."
I held one of the little cold hands for a
moment and then said: "You're frigh
tened.!"
"Indeed I'm not." cried Miss McKinley,
"I'm just cold. Why. last week, when
the porter mopped his brow If he brought
a pitcher of water and they were all
rrumbling at the h*at, m eat In this
room with all the windows down, perfect
ly comfortable. I wear this dreye out of
dcors In the winter at home, with only
a fur boa. • • • No indeed, I'm not
frightened. Why should I be? After that
nice interview of yours with Miss Blng
• am on Sunday— we are great friends—
and that nice notice you gave me yester
day!"
"Bui it is your first inter%-iew?"
"Ye6," Ehe beamed, "but it's lovely."
"We haven't begun," I threaten darkly.
"Now will you pleaee tell Jhe public how
many pearls there are on that chain?" for
1 am sure the little singer would like tho
public to know.
"One hundred and seventy-five." the
replied, fingering the Irregular gems with
their golden links with a childlike pride.
"If* very handsome," I testified, with,
however, an Irreverent flash of reminis
cence of a popcorn string. "How long Is
it?"
"I have a friend who is almost six feet
Uil." Mid Miss Mabel, "and put plainly.
Niece of the Martyr President Now a Vaudeville Star Who Wants to Shine by Her Own Light, Not by Reflection.
round her neck It falls just to the hem
of her gown. I got them just before com
ing here."
"In time for the debut."
"In time for the debut— oh. I'm so hap
py!" she cried. "To be doing now what
I have always wanted to do, and to have
been so beautifully received— really, I get
quite weepy about It"— and the large, blue
eyes filled with quick ingenuous tears.
"President McKinley's niece could hard
ly have received any other kind of recep
tion here," I venture.
But Miss McKinley was silent for a
moment.
"I don't like to say anything about
uncle," she said at length, hesitating and
suddenly grave, yet all anxious candor.
"You know, I can't help being his niece—
and, of course, I am intensely proud of
it But I studied long before he was
President for just this career, have al
ways hoped for It. worked for it. • • •
He was passionately fond of music find
always encouraged me. And he was the
most broad-minded of men. • • * But
he's gone. I don't like to say what I be
lieve he would have thought of this step.
People might blame me. • * • People
have spoken of my trading upon my
name. I never thought ol it when I first
approached the managers— didn't realize
its value for a moment. Now I do. I
know that ray name means friendliness
to me wherever I go. * * • But I Want
to succeed on my own merits."
"You will," I interpolate.
"Then they have said." and Miss Mc-
Kinley's pink cheeks grew a little pinker,
"that I am in this work just for the sake
of the money."
"How dreadful!"
"Why," she went on, in eager refuta
tion, "I hadn't the least Idea how much
money could be made in this way— though
1 am not telling the managers so* now!
But to me It's the greatest thing in the
world to please people with singing. And
I'm so humbly grateful for my success."
"How do you like Orpheum audiences
compared with the concert crowds?" I
question.
"Oh, I like them!" and the singer's eyes
glistened in testimony. "This is the
grand public, the big, big people. They're
with you. They're a thousand times more
responsive than the concert crowd. What
with patrons shoving concert tickets
down one's throat all th« time, no won
der the audiences are cold. The Orpheum
people are there to enjoy themselves, and
when they do, they do. • • • I was
frightened of the gallery, to tell the
truth. Mr. and Mrs. Morse— our relations
here— kept telling me the gallery might
hiss me, and 'then you're done for," they
said. But they didn't, did they?"
"Hardly," I said t remembering the tu
multuous whistles that had greeted the
singer on Sunday night. "And now, what
is to follow?"
"Oh, everything is just beginning." the
little singer cried. "Just think what I've
got lo do yet"— as if a ruck of hard work
were the pleasantest thing in the world
to contemplate. "It means study, study,
study! One thing I'm A. little bit proud
of. I've always studied people's manner
on the stage, comic opera, grand opera,
all kinds of manner, what made them
pleasing to the audience. And I think
really that mv deportment is not very
awkward for a beginner."
"Please remember I said so," I gently
insist, beginning to find the rosy jass
before me more mature than I had imag
ined.
"Yes, what you 6aid was lovely— please
put that in." as I obediently do. "I've
sent lots of your notices East Funny.
I never read the newspapers much be
fore, but I read hardly anything else
now."
"Aren't you a pupil of Victor Capoul?"
I then ask.
"Yes. and of Margaret Elliott— to whom
Melba recommended me, and of Isidore
Luckstone, whom I think splendid," she
answered. "I believe you can get all
you need in America— tone placing and
that sort of thing, perhaps better than
on the Continent. We are more practi
cal here. Of course we haven't the musi
cal atmosphere yet, and that's a great
thing. But I think you can get as good
teaching here ae anywhere."
"Nordica told me the same thing," I
said.
"Did she? How lovely!" said Miss Mc-
Kinley. showing all her white teeth in
a delighted laugh. "$>
"And now tell me just how you made
up vour mind to take the final step to
the stage— your people didn't like It?" I
ask.
The full, red mouth drooped a little at
the corners a<= the young vaudevillain an
swered: "I don't know. I Just did it.
Really, I had rather a hard time— but
they're all resigned now." and I thought
that resignation was probably the part
of wisdom where Miss Mabel's whims
were concerned. She resumed thoughtful
ly, "I think it is the fear that one will
l>e' hurt by not succeeding that makes
one's friends eo averse to seeing one go
on the stage. Don't you? 1- allure seems
to be even harder on one's friends than
on oneself. It have been on mine,
for I should Just have gone on until I had
succeeded. But I thought other people
had succeeded, so why shouldn't I? • •
There was Amelia Bingham, actress and
manager bcth. She was always a big
Inspiration to me. I don't think Amelia
has had an opening night that I haven't
seen."
"And so th;y are all resigned now?"
"Even Aunt Helen— one of my chief fa
vorites," said Miss Mabel, "and Uncle
David and Aunt Anna— whom I look like,
and Aunt Sarah and Uncle James and my
father and Dr. Baer— you're not putting
"Well, say. too, that I had no notion
that one would be so beautifully treated
on the Etage," this experienced person or
dered. " I'd heard that you were cuffed
around and so on, but it's all perfectly
lovely, the* management, the people, the
performers— but that I always thought.
If things are always as nice as they are
at the Orpheum I shall have no com
plaints to make. • • • And I want to
hear." striking oft at a tangent, "Just
where I'm wrong in my work— not in
print, though.". . %_ -^
"You weren't at all nervous on Sunday
night, were you?" .
"Not a bit," she- paid cheerfully, "but
I did go all to pieces last night I don't
know why I should have been so nervous
the second night. One of the performers
asked me to put my name in her auto
graph album afterward and I couldn't
think of a thing to say. And when I did
I had to send out wildly for rubber to rub
it out!"
"And am I also to have an autograph?"
I smiled. "JL'd like one on one of those
photographs — I've never asked for one be
fore but once."
"Xo? That Is lovely of you," and Miss
McKinley took up the photograph, asked
one of us to hand her a pen and auto
graphed her plump and smiling self for
me. "It's bad writing, regular McKlnley
hand, but I don't mind because it's Mc-
Klnleyism."
"1 suppose you are an arrant Republi-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1908.
50OFFICE HOLDERS IN VARIOUS
SECRET SOCIETIES OF THIS
city.; *
Native Sons.
CALIFORNIA PARLOR No. 1, Na
tive Sons of the Golden .West, had
a public installation of < its . officers
for the currant term on the first .Tburs-
The National Union.
AT a joint meeting of the extension of
the order committee of the San
Francisco Cabinet and a special
commUtee, consisting of one member
from. each of the local councils, for the
purpose of arranging for the reception of
the president of the senate of the order
on the occasion of his official visit to this
city in October it was decided to recom
rcend to the cabinet that there be a pub
lic reception at 'one of the large halls,
together with a musical entertainment.
Dolores Parlor No. 208 will have an "at
home" for gentlemen in Mission Masonic
Hall on the evening of Monday, July 13.
The parlor will present a first-class pro
gramme of entertainment, and the hos
uitality of the parlor will be in evidence.
day evening In July. There was a large
attendance of the membership and many
visitors. ' The installation was conducted
by District Deputy Roland N. Roche, as
sisted by James P. Dockery as grand
marshal. The new officers are: J. J. Cus
sack, president; T. Edward Bailey, first
vice president; E. G. Wright, second vice
president; W. Sommers, third vice presi
dent; Charles A. Boldemann, recording
secretary; B. F. Hanlon. financial secre
tary; H. F. Perneau, treasurer; J. J. Neu
barth, marshal; W. D. Hobro Jr., trus
tee; :J. E. Bowen, Inside sentinel; A.
Holmberg, outside sentinel. The procla
mation of installation was followed by an
address by E. Myron Wolff, a mandolin
trio, a recitation by Harry Mllzner, "just
a few remarks" by James P. Dockery.
vocal selections and a boxing exhibition
by, as the master of ceremonies. Presi
dent Cussack, declared, "two guys who
are always looking f(Jr trouble." This
narlor will work during the current term
* Q increase Its membership to 500.
Levy and AUendorf. For Pacific— Friends
Decker, Ottenberg, Maass, Bunting, Cook.
Bunneman and Chrlstensen. Friend Ad
ams, qf El Capltan played in the latter
part of the match for Chrlstensen. The
team of El Capltan is so proud of ijs rec
ord that it feels big enough to play any
team from.any other eight local councils
of the order. With that idea in mind it
has placed its bowling chip on its right
shoulder and dares any National Union
team to knock it off.
The following are those who, during the
first six months of the year, won prizes
offered by ' the San Francisco Cabinet to
those who during that period secured a
certain number of candidates or more:
First prize to E. H. Hills of San Fran
cisco Council, $25, for sixteen new mem
bers; Josepa A. Wilson of El Capltan.
$20 for fifteen members; II. B. Arnold of
Mission. $10, for six members; H. Nord
wan of El Capltan, $7 50, for five mem
bers, and H..E. Chick of California- and
J. V. Lindquist of San Francisco, $5 each,
for four new, members.;
voice, and by lier talent has won the ad
miration of all who have had the pleas
ure of hearing her. .
The school of instruction at a district
Rebekah assembly of the lodges of Oak
land, Alameda and Berkeley recently
held in the Odd Fellows' -Hall, Berkeley,
was presided over by Deputy Grand
President Blanche Whiteman, and proved
a very instructive assemblage. The in
structor on that occasion was Mrs. Alma
Isabelle Jensen, president of the Califor
nia Assembly, who proved herself a very
competent and pleasant official. The aft=
ernoon and evening's work was followed
by an excellent supper at 11 o'clock at
El Capltan Council of the National
Union had a patriotic night in Us coun
cil chamber on the first Tuesday In July
in rfionor. of the approaching anniversary
of the birth of the nation. The chamber
was decorated in a_ lavish manner with
American flags and each member and vis
itor was requested to wear a set of small
crossed flags. The council closed with
the singing of "America."
Members of El Capltan Council a few
evenings sin^e had a ¦ second game of
bowling with a team from Pacific Coun
cil and as on a previous occasion El Cap
nan won, the score being 4730 to 4657. The
players were: For El Capifan— Friends'
Paue. Vincent, King. Wilson, McManus.
Ex-President Fred H. Hastings is spend
ing a few weeks with his family in Santa
Barbara. .¦'"•/:
At the meeting of El Dorado Council
last week several applications for mem
bership were presented and referred to
appropriate committees. H. L. Simon,
president of this council, has gone to the
interior of the State for his vacation.
an automobile drive to show the visitor
the eights of San Francisco, a class Ini
tiation to demonstrate how well the coun
cils can work and a banquet. The coming
of the president will be the first official
visit that has ever been, paid to California
since the order was established on this
coast. Vv- : ~" .-*-*
High Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper of Val
lcjo was in this city last week in the In
terest of the order and after remaining a
few hours proceeded to Monterey to visit
the court of that name located there.
At the encampment of the Royal For
esters held last week there was a special
session for the purpose of Instructing the
officers of the new organization In the
Initiatory work. All who signed the peti
tion for a charter but did not appear on
the night of institution will be notified
to appear for initiation at the meeting to
be held next Wednesday.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Stew
art, who went to Oroville for the purpose
of organizing in that section, reports suc
cess and when he finishes his work there
he will proceed to Yuba County.
Last Monday night Court Seal Rock
met In its hall on Devlsadero street and
elected Chief Ranger J. P. Striegel and
Past Chief Ed N. Cameron and A. Tucker
as delegates to the High Court that wilt
meet In Stockton next October. During
the evening the court wa3 visited by Ben
I Solomon and other members 'of a
committee from Court Yerba Buena. who
spoke on the subject of a monster picnic
that that court is getting up, to be held
on the anniversary of the admission of
the State Into the Union. The talk of the
visitors was followed by an entertaining
programme of music, songs and story
telling.
During the current month the several
courts of the Independent Order of For
esters will elect delegates to the next
session of the High Court.
At the meeting of Court Oakland, on
the last Tuesday in June, forty-five mem
bers were present. Twelve applications
for membership were received and ar
rangements were completed for an Illus
trated lecture to be given Jul.- 14 by L. E.
Eshleroan. It will be on the late Brltlsh-
Boer war and will be J 'ustrated with
about sixty war views and at intermis
sion there will be uveral vocal number*.
This will be for members of the orcec
and their lady relative*.
Independent Foresters.
ON the third Sunday in June Court
Diana of the Independent Order
of Foresters gave the first of a se
ries of entertainments planned for the
members and their friends. There were
present as many as could be accommo
dated In the hall, and not a few had to
stand in the ante-rooms. There was a
good programme of vocal and Instru
mental music. Chief Ranger A. O. Dawes.
who made his debut as a vocalist, proved
that he is possessed of a fine voice. The
feature of the evening .was the line of
specialties Introduced by H. Putnam, who
Is a past master of the art of entertaljr
ing. He was loudly applauded and forced
to return several times.
Miss Grace Bray, recently Installed \-Jce
grand of Templar Rebckah Lodge, is not
only one of the handsomest but one of
the most «mi8Me members of that subor
dinate bod}-. She Ss also extremely popu
lar, and has the honor of being one of
the ycungrst vice grands that Templar
Lo»J*:e has ever placed in the line of pro
motion for noblr- grand. She is a fine
rloctittoniet^poKeBEed of a strong, clear
one time grand master of the. Grand
Lodge of that State. The reception it is
rxpected will be the grandest fraternal
event of the current year.
secretary* William Henry Barnes, P. G.
M.. on his return from the K.isi. This
will be In Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows'
building, Wednesday. July 15. An enter
taining programme will be presented, and
the veterans will be assisted by the tub
ordinate lodge, encampment, canton and
Rrbekah lodge In which Mr. Barnes holds
membership. Mr. Barnes has been ab
sent from the State for two months, dur
ing which he visited his old home, Geor-
Fis, and while there was the guest of
honor of the Grand Lodge and the Grand
Encampment of that State. He was at
porters to the vice grand. At the close
of the ceremony Dr. C. L. Zeigler on be
half of the lodge presented H. W. Ost-
JK-ff. the retiring noble grand, a beautiful
past grand's Jewel. This was followed by
h collation and addresses by F. D. Mac
brth, L. Strauss and others.
The Veteran Odd Fellows' Association
has arranged to give a'reception to its
¦Lodge, 1. O. O. F., were installed last
Monday night by District Deputy Grand
Master 8. M. McDonald, assisted by J. J.
Phillips as grand marshal: J. R. Cassidy,
noble grand; N. F. Macphee, vice grand;
.\. G. Meyer, recording secretary: Ed
ward Bchrader, financial secretary; W.
B. Curtis, treasurer; H. A. Bailey, war
den; C. E. Spafford, conductor; T. H.
*T0Kman, chaplain; A. McLeod and' G.
W. Mitchell, supporters to the noble
prand; J. Girod and C. C. Brown, sup-
The following named officers of Fidelity
itable manner. The new officers are:
Mrs. J. T. Carrcn, noble grand; Maud E.
Barney, vice grand; Kate Croney, re
cording secretary; Teresa Cros^man, fin
ancial secretary; Henrietta Taylor, treas
urer; Ada Lawrance Hipgins, chaplain;
Tressa Barrett, inside guardian; Josie
Belmont, outside guardian; Ella Camp
bell, warden; Eola M.Cyrus, conductress;
Mies Ella R. Bourne and Tillie Craigh,
t-upporters to the noble grand; Jennie
Wright and May Robinson, supporters
to the vice grand; Gertie Engxlright, or
ganist. The past grand, Mrs. McCollister,
having served two terms as noble grand
and having at the close of the previous
term been presented a collar, was, in
ttead of being given a second collar,
given a costly Jardiniere, and Mrs. Ada
Lawrence HigginF, the retiring past no
ble grand, was presented a beautiful and
emblematic star of her rank in the order.
Flowers were then presented to the new
noble grand and to the vice grand.
The following named officers of Oriental
Rebckah Lodge was installed by Deputy
Mrs. Bergman and her staff in private
on July 1: Maude Forbes, noble gTand;
I sa belle Clark, vice gTand; Luletta Deitz,
recording and Mary Layton financial sec
retary; Frank Derby, treasurer; Mrs.
Frank Derby, warden; Amy Webb, con
ductor; Sophia Forbes and Mrs. F. Dupea,
supporters to the noble grand; Captain
Allie Parker and Miss L. Utschig, sup
porters to the vice grand; Josephine H.
Walworth, chaplain. After the procla
mation of installation, Josephine H. Wal
worth, the retiring noble grand, was pre
sented a becutiful collar of her rank in
the order by B. Rountree. on behalf of
the lodge and Mrs. Gertrude Spottswood.
the retiring past noble grand, waE, by
Mrs. Elizabeth Shaw, also on behalf of
the lodge, presented an emblematic jewel.
This was followed by the presentation of
rowers to the incoming and outgoing of
ficer*. .
The officers of Loyal ReSekah Lodge
were installed by the district deputy in
public last Monday. There were many of
the friends of the incoming officers pres
ent in the prettily decorated room, and
the ceremony was conducted In a cred-
that night the new officers of the lodge
¦will be installed by District Deputy Grand
Master W. J. Black.
PresiTtcnt A. M. Brand of the San Fran
cisco relief committee paid a. visit last
week to Excelsior Lodge and delivered
sn interesting address on the work of the
committee.
Cosmopolitan Lodge at its last meet
ng initiated two strangers and at the
¦sext meeting will initiate two more. On
CANTON No. 5. Patriarchs Militant,
L O. O F., received into its ranks
last week Messrs. Burden, Newman,
Garrett, McGovern and Victor, who com
posed the executive committee at the last
held session of the Grand Encampment,
also N. D. Sickels and Charles Perry. The
canton, under the present commander.
Captain Black, has added thirty names
to the membership roll.
Odd Fellowship.
The Imperial Council of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the Xobles of the Mystic
Shrine was in cession at Saratoga, N. Y.,
from July 7 to 10. Islam Temple of this
city was represented by J. W. Anderson,
George Lippman. J. A. Hammersmith, C.
L. Fields and Chief of Police George W.
Vfittman. The representatives from Al
Malika Temple of Los Angeles coalesced
with the Islamites on. the trip East and
they proved a happy addition to the
party.
of Jerusalem. Knight of lh<» Ea - et an *
-West and Knight of the Rob<? Croix de
IL R. D. M. This work will be in full
and ample form, under the leadership of
1 Tarry J. Lask. wftae master of the chap
ter, assisted by nn efficient corps of of
ficers, among the number being the senior
warden, the junior warden and the mas
ter of ceremonies*. The Degree of Rose
Ooix is the religious ar.d most sublime
of the rit« and necessarily is a very dif
ficult one to confer, but with the team
under the direct supervision of Mr. La*k,
who has been accorded deserved praise
for his work, and the beautiful trappings
and effects— the equal of any in the coun
try—the work will be conducted in an im
pressive manner. The degree will be con
ferred on a class of about sixty. Francis
V. Kesslins, senior warden, is a Thirty
second degree Mason, member of Califor
nia Lodge No. 1, and. Its present senior
Fteward. Philip Jacobovics. junior war
den, is a Thirty-second degree Mason and
past master of Fidelity Lodge No. 120,
F. and A. M-, and Marion M. Ogden, mas
ter of ceremonies, also a. Thirty-second
degree Mason, a member of King Solo
mon Lodge No. 2C0, F. and A. M.
H. D. Lcveland. past commander of
Golden Gate Commandery, has been
elected to eucceed the late A. G. Booth as
chairman of the executive committee of
the Triennial Conclave committee of the
Grand Commaadery of the State of Cali
fornia.
Work is satisfactorily progressing on
the Sirnlnoff cottage at the Masonic
Home. Decoto. It is expected that this
beautiful structure will be ready for
dedication by tha time the Grand Lodge
«if California, F. and A. M., meets next
October.
grees from the fifteenth to the
eiphtArnth inclusive, namely Degree of
ihe Knight of the East or Sword. Prince
YERBA BIENA CHAPTER No.
1. Knights of Roe* Croix. An
cient and Accepted Scottish
Kite Freemasonry, of this
ritv will sr»on confer the de-
American Foresters.
THE following named were duly in
stalled last Tuesday night as th»
officers of Court James G. Blaine.
Foresters of America, for the current
term: Charles F. Metzner, chief ranger;
John Xewbert, sub-chief ranger; F. J.
Harripgton, recording secretary; C. J.
Deasy. financial secretary; A. L. Val
lean. treasurer; J. Boradori. senior wood
ward; E. M. Sweeney, junior woodward;
F. J. Geib t senior beadle: Herman Weis
ner, junior beadle: L. Meiler. lecturer,
and Dr. J. A. Weyer. physician. The
ceremony of installation was followed by
a social hour.
At the meeting of Court Sunflower last
week, after the installation of the officers
for the current term, a valuable gold
badge emblematic of the order and bear
ing upon its face a goKS sunflower was
presented to T. J. Emery, the retiring
chief ranger, as a token of admiration ot
his zeal as a Forester.
Court Inter Nos at the meeting on the
first Friday in July initiated fifteen
strangers.
Court Eclipse at its meeting last Mon
day installed its officers and presented a
fine emblematic badge to Past Chief Ran
ger James Davis. ,
After the installation of officers tn
Court Barbarossa last week there was a
collation and a programme of entertain
ment.
Last Thursday Court Deflanee. after
having had its officers installed for the
current term, presented A. Carroll., th«»
outgoing chief ranger, a token of appre
ciation in the shape of a gold badge. The
presentation was followed by a social
hour.
Court Golden Gate had Its new officers
installed on July 7. The ceremony was
followed by the presentation of a past
chief ranger's badge to Frank Rettig
stein, the outgoing chief ranger.
Robin Hood Circle, Companions of the
Forest of America, at its last held meet
ing had its new officers installed for the
current term by that most enthusiastic
deputy, Mrs. Emma A. Harrington, as
sisted by Grand Marshal P. H. Coyle.
The officers of Lorely Circle were in
stalled the same night by the district
deputy, after which there was an hour
of social entertainment.
Last Thursday night the new officers of
James Q. Blaine Circle were installed
with the usual ceremonies, after which
the members and many of the members
of Court James G. Blaine had a pleasant
social night.
At. a recent meeting of the executive
council of the Grand Court. Foresters of
America, the governing body of that or
der, the following resolutions condemna
tory of the Russian outrages upon the
Jews and of sympathy with the afflicted
people v were unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The Foresters of America is a fra
ternal society in the highest sense of tha
word, not only within its own membership but
mankind in general, and the afflicted and op
pressed in particular, embodying in its motto
of liberty, unity, benevolence and concord,
not In mere sentiment but in animated action,
and
Whereas. The outrages on the Jews ot
Kishinev have horrified the civilized world,
causing dismay that such frightful deeds could
be accomplished in these enlightened times.
Be it resolved. That the fraternity of For
esters of America exDress unqualified con
demnation of the Russian system that permit*
of such atrocities. That we appeal to the pow
ers of th« world to take such action that here
after such outrages will be Impossible and
that we appeal to the sympathy of good men
ar.d women in general to act promptly and
generously with a view to the relief of the
poor sufferers of Kishenev.
It is also recommended that a copy of the««
resolutions be presented to the Supreme Court.
Foresters of America, by our aupreme repre
sentatives for adoption.
John H. Foley, C. A.- Root. Frank Conklln.
committee. • - . .-
The following ha\-e been elected officers
of San Francisco Parlor No. 49. Natlv*
Sons of the Golden West: T. F. Flynn,
past president; R. P. Troy, president;
George Ash. T. Dinan and E. Demartini.
vice presidents; Ixnils P. Powelson. re
cording secretary; John Nelson, financial
secretary; Frank Martni. treasurer; I. P.
Beban. marshal; Dr. W. N. Jackson,
trustee; Dr. J. E. Artlgues, Dr. A. C
Glover and E. C. Mervey. surgeons.
The following are the officers of Mis
sion Parlor who will serve for -the cur
rent term: W. W. Fairchlld. past presi
dent; C W. Mark, president; H. L. A.
Maas. N. W. Hall and T. K. McCarthy,
vice presidents; A. 9. Groth. marshal; G.
S. Long Jr., recording secretary; D. W.
Erwin, financial secretary; J. Porcher,
treasurer; T. J. McGowan. M. C. Whyte
and F. H. Mills, trustees; Dr. J. C. Black,
surgeon; W. E. Gibbons, organist, and A.
X. Walte, historian.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
51• • •
Amelia Binsrharn has rented a home in
Augusta Cottlow. the American pianist,
will open her 'season early in October,
with a tbur'along the Pacific Coast, which
will last until late in November.'
• • *
There Is some talk of Martha Waldron
appearing here as a member of the com
pany to support Henry *Mlller.
Plays and Players.
Ezra Kendall has decided to continue
in "The Vinegar Buyer" for another rea
son. He has found starring profitable.
Miss Mamie Barrett, of ; Sacramento is
the guest of the W. 8. Leakes at San Ra
fael.
Mrs. Julian Sonntag will return to-mor
row from Santa' Barbaral She -has .been
a guest at Potter's Hotel for some weeks.
« • •
The Henry Sonntags and the George D.
Toys are spending the summer pleasantly
at Hotel RafaeL'
• * •
Dr. A. J. Hiniker and Dr. P. W.
Knowleo will leave for Tahoe on Wednes
day and will spend their vacation fishing
and swimming.
large cotillion— with Duke and Duchess
the prize guests among those present, j
Louis James and Frederick Warde will
not appear in Shakespearean roles next
season, as has been their time-honored
custom; but in an entirely new play,
written by Collln Kemper . and Rupert
Hushes, and based upon the life of Alex-
Maclyn Arbuckle. who is to create the
title role in George Ade's new spectacu
lar comedy-drama "The County Chair
man" next season, made his first appear
ance upon the stage in Shreveport. La.
Before that he was a successful lawyer
in St. Louis and later in Texas.
Broadhurst & Currle are engaging a
strong company, to support' Nat M.
Wills, locally known as the "happy
tramp," in "A Son of Re3t." They prom
ise a magnificent production and several
comic surprises. There .will be fifty peo
ple In the company.
Walker Whlteslde has secured the
American rights to "We Are King." a
new comedy, by Lieutenant Gordon Kean
of England. Mr. WTiIteside will produce
the play • for :the first time In this coun
try during the latter part of August.
8an Francisco Is to be the only city
to see the big production of "BenJHur."
Inadequate' stage facilities is the Reason
for its non-appearance through the State.
this city and will continue to occupy it
during her vacation, which comes at the
close of her five weeks' engagement.'
In the notabl« revival of "As You Lika
It," that Miss Henrietta Crosman Is to
make early next autumn for a brief sea
son, she will be. supported by practically
the same company that appeared with :
her In the record run of the Shakespear
ean comedy at the Theater Republic. New
York, a little more than a year ago.
Among some of the prominent members
of that company who have been re-en
gaged are John Malone, to play Jacques ;
Barton Hill, for the banished Duke, antt
Addlson Pitt, a* Oliver-
• Henry W. Savage has announced that
he will produce In September a new comic
opera by Henry Blossom Jr., with music
by Alfred G. Robyn. entitled "The Yankes
Consul." The production will j« made
upon an elaborate scale. Mr. Blossom
established his reputation as an author
by his two famous works, "Checkers" and
"The Documents in Evidence." Mr. Ro
byn Is one of tne leading musicians and
composers of St. Louis. His best known
song is "The Sweetest Story Ever Told."*
Forbes Robertson and Gertrude Elliot
will begin their American tour la Kip
ling's "The Light That Failed." at Buf
falo. N. Y., on September 21. The drama
tization which they will use was mad9
by Constance Fletcher, whose nom d<
plume is George Fleming.
• i *•<¦'¦ •
ander the Great. Plans for the new play
were formed more than 'a year ago. th«
first draft having been completed la
April. 1902.
t»™>ttt ATI r»ATTPTrnrTi OF A PROMINENT JURIST, WHO HAS BEEN GLADDENING WITH HER PRESENCE ONE
RESORT JSd ACALIFORNIA MATRON NOTED FOR HER BEAUTY WHOSE
FATHER IS A WELL. KNOWN BANKER.
When Mr. Vogelsang left the city on
his vacation he was assured that he
I believe General Warfleld- is- a ring
leader of the banTl. The chief purpose of
the sessions seems to be to make some
body laugh at some one else. Many a
secret plot is planned at these meetings
and many a practical joke finds its way
Into execution because of them.
. Alexander T. Vogelsang, accompanied
by his charming wife, returned on
Wednesday from a' five weeks' fishing
trip in Northern California. Mr; and Mrs.
Marvin R. HIggins completed the party.
Mr. Vogelsang, like President Roosevelt
in the Yosemite, missed the brass band
that was sent to meet him at the station
and his homecoming .was more uncere
monious than his friends had intended. If
happened In this way. Mr. Vogelsang Is
an active worker in a little society known
as the "Hatchet . Club"— dangerous in
name only and probably so-called because
Its members are constantly striving to ; tell
the truth, except, perhaps, when they
would sacrifice the . point of their- story
by doing bo. A few of San Francisco's
most prominent men comprise the mem
bership of this organization and meet in
formally in the office of the California
Hotel. :.-;*-;'. .
Miss Catherine Herring is still at Shasta
Springs with her mother and little broth
er. Miss Herrin has not yet developed
the first symptoms of becoming blase and
her third season promises to fill her cup
of Joy as generously as ever.
Miss Alice Herrin, who Is abroad with
her father, William 2\ Herrin. has been
having a delightful time at Carlsbad. Her
friends were greatly disappointed be
cause she was not well enough to be one
of last winter's debutantes, but, after all,
going out informally Is far Jollier and the
genial Alice is not missing such a great
deal.
summer with "the bachelors at "The
Hutch" in Sausalito, and entertained
considerably. ¦
It is not definitely decided where the
happy couple will reside.
The fortunate groom-to-be is a son of
George P. Beardsley of Brooklyn. N. Y.
He was educated In New York and has
been In the West but two years. He is
associated in business with the National
Tube Company and resides at the Cosmos
Club. Mr. BeardBley has made many
warm friends since be came among us
«nd has the qualities that wear well
emon* bis acquaintance*. He sjpent last
ryn Robinson is going to mar
ry George P. Bearfisley Jr. The engage
ment has been a fact for five months, but
the beautiful Kathryn did not wish it an
nounced while she was out of the city.
8he returned last week with her parents,
the C P. Robinsons, after an extended
visit at the Jarboe ranch. In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. She is looking extreme
ly well and very happy. The day of the
wedding Is not definitely settled, but it
will be in the near future.
A few friends will not be greatly sur
prised to bear this news, as nothing more
certainly Indicates a romance than to see
a young girl tire of society when she is a
decided favorite. Miss Robinson was one
of the most feted debutantes winter be
fore last, but after her romance began
with Mr. Beardsley last season she lost
all Inclination for the social whirl and
contented herself up to the time of her
departure for the mountains In tne spring
with entertaining her friends Sunday
evenings. It has been long a custom with
the RoblnVons to keep "open house" on
Sunday evenings, and at their drawing
rooms the znoet. genuine hospitality is
dispensed. Society will unite in sending
good wishes and congratulations to the
young couple.
The bride-elect is a patrician of the
brunette type of beauty, with brown
eyes. She has a slender and graceful fig
ure and wears her clothes with a style
quite distinctive. Her disposition is her
chief attraction, and she brings sunshine
to every one ehe meet*.
CUPID has been persuaded to
confess his latest triumph, and
I am delighted to know it. for
I could not have kept the se
cret much longer. Miss Kath-
• • •
Let" us not be surprised at any. of the
bathing suit sensations of 1903. The
American clr! is nothinc- U not Drosres-
The wife of an army officer at Monterey
has occasioned considerable amusement
among her friends by making a serious
remark which proved to be funny. The
new buildings "erected for officers' quar
ters are , supported by a foundation of
posts. The charming matron to whom I
refer moved into her quarters before they
were entirely completed and did not know
that Colonel Plummer, who was in charge
of construction, • intended to conceal the
foundation by a lattice work. With her
usual charm of frankness the fair one
remarked that she did not like the ap
pearance of those rough posts and be
lieved she would have them removed and
plant flowers under th9 house". When
the colonel later demanded an explana
tion she said she had since been told that
if she removed the posts the house would
fall down.
• '-.-»* •";" •
Therefore when the lawyer telegraphed
the hotel management to have his suite
put In readiness for his homecoming, the
merry band at once were notified. A bugler
was pressed into service and sent to the
ferry with instructions to "blow, bugle,
blow and send the wild echoes flying"
upon Eight of the returning fisherman.
When the party started to drive to the
hotel the bugler was instructed to climb
to the seat with the driver and emit
vociferous bugle calls at every opportuni
ty, until the arrivals were made twice
glad. Unfortunately, however, the bugler
watched the wrong slip at the ferry, let
the party escape him and was obliged to
return without earning his money. The
Hatchet Club is now holding sessions
without Mr. Vogelsang, endeavoring to
get a laugh at his expense some other
way; but Mr. Vogelsang is himself a
great success at joking and it remains to
be seen which will make the first move.
should not return unheralded and unsung.
He was assured that a brass band would
be the least expressive feature of the wel
come.
• • •
Princess Franz. Hatzf eld t has been en
tertalninar again In London— this time a.
Mrs. May Mott Smith Bird, Mrs, Tow
art, the Misses Bender and other mem
bers of their party have returned from
their outing at Willow Camp, near Bo
linas.
Ml3s Mabel Toy and Mrs. Linda H.
Bryan will leave early in September for
New York^ where they will be exten
sively entertained and will be numbered
among the guests at several $ouse parties
outside of town. They will return to San
Francisco a month later.
Miss Gertrude Sullivan, daughter of
Judge Sullivan, is expected home in a few
days from Highland' Springs, where she
has spent a delightful three weeks. Miss
Sullivan is one of the most genuinely lik
able girls in San Francisco, having . a
sweet. disposition and a charming person
ality, in addition to her good looks.
There !s to be an army wedding on
Wednesday. The bride will be MJ«s Clara
Swigert, daughter of Colonel Samuel M.
Swigert of the Second United States Cav
alry.,, The groom-elect, Oliver Perry Mor
ton Hazzard, a lieutenant in the Second
Cavalry, is stationed at Fort Ethan Allen,
Vermont, and was associated with Gener
al Funston in the capture of Aguinaldo.
Colonel Swigert has spent the last two
years in San Francisco.
Mrs. E. E. Simmons Is at the Homeo
pathic Sanitarium In this city, where she
has. lately undergone an operation! Mm.
Simmons will be able to sit up .within a
few days, after which her recovery will
be more rapid. This sweet young woman
is a patient sufferer and deserves more
health and strength than she has had for
some years. Her devoted husband and
many friends are anxiously awaiting her
recovery and hope that the fates will
deal more kindly with her in the future.
• • •
Captain Emerson Warfleld Is the latest
acquisition to the Bohemian Club chorus
and all entertainers are rehearsing vigor
ously for the annual Jinks at Bohemian
Grove. The grounds will be ready for
members and their guests July 30. The
Jinks will be held on Saturday, August
8. A sacred service will occupy Sunday
morning. The privilege of remaining over
a few days is an innovation that will be
warmly welcomed by the entertainers,
as it will give them an opportunity for
well deserved rest after the Jinks and,
Incidentally, a good time themselves.
• • •
Mrs. Allle Taylor, who Is spending the
summer at the home of her father, Mr.
Cressy, a banker at Modesto, Is keeping
very quiet since her automobile misa!d
venture on July 4. Mrs. Taylor was re
turning from a flying trip to the Yosem
ite with Mr. and Mrs. Julian Thome and
Charles Carlton when the accident oc
curred, near Modesto. All were thrown
from the machine., but fortunately es
caped with slight cuts and abrasions.
Mrs. Taylor's injuries are not so serious
as at first reported and within a short
time she will be able to go about again.
It Is safe to say that a smart trap and
gentle horse will be good enough for this
young matron in the future, as she desires
to keep her health and beauty.
Mrs. Taylor is an excellent whip and
has been seen driving a great deal of late
on country roads.
One of the guests, R. D. Quinn, Mayor
of WatsonvIIle. is arranging to give a
barbecue a little later in the season.
• • • •
Mrs. Pflngst gave one of the merriest
of house parties over the Fourth at her
home near Watsonvllle. Mrs. Pflngst was
formerly Florence Porter.- daughter of the
late well-known banker. She has lived a
great deal in Paris and knows how to
entertain charmingly. Her twenty-two
guests were given numerous drives, din
ner parties and a ball during their brief
stay. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Deering, Harry Hawks,
Mrs. L. H. Bryan, Dr. R. Lorini. Miss
Genevieve Callahan, Charles Vogelsang,
Stewart Anderson. Miss Ketchum. Judge
Maguire. R. D. Quinn. "Will Hamilton.
William Parsons of "Washington, Miss
Reed Hutchings, Miss Elizabeth Hitch
ins. Miss Alice Hitchlns and Mrs. J. F.
Porter.
slve, and she no longer confines herself
to the black and navy blue, flannel suits
for her morning dip. White Is very
smart this year, and light gray, tan and
pale blue are much affected. Some of
the" bathing suits, are so elaborate that
the wearers do not swim in them at all,
but simply promenade the beach to. get
the sun and incidentally the admlratton.
Apropos of the vanities of women, I un
derstand that a few of them are buying
false curls by the yard and sewing them
about the face of their rubber caps. Of
course, all of the fair one's really truly
locks must be tucked away beneath the
cap to keep dry and, if she insists upon
having bangs on these occasions, she can
do nothing but 1 purchase one-third of a
yard of natural curls.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 12, 1903.
SOCIETY
52