PENITENTIARY AT FOLSOM IN , SACRAMENTO COUNTY AND THE
CHIEF-OFFICIAL. WHO WAS CAPTURED BY THE MOB OF ESCAPING
CONVICTS. ••/>.!
HAMBURG, July 27.— A sensation has
been caused in northwestern Germany by
a tragedy in Altona, where, at the death
bed of his mother. Judge Baur, a well
known and greatly 'respected man, shot
and killed his brother, his mother's
housekeeper and himself. It is said that
Mrs. Baur left all of her property to her
housekeeper, which caused a Quarrel be
tween the brothers.
The murder and suicide occurred on
Sunday night. The bodies, including that
of Mrs. Baur, were not found 'until to
day.
Judge Baur's brother was an attorney
of not*
General Kondradevitch has been placed
In charge of dx armed commercial boats
which will navigate the Liao River. This
is construed here as another sign of Rus
fcla'B intention to retain Newchwang and
« ommand cf the river. Great numbers of
Russian civilians and soldiers' families,
it is reported, are being brought to Man
thuria, it is believed in pursuance of a
»Utn to rapidly colonize the province.
PEKING, July 27.— The Russian admin
istration cf Newchwang has stopped the
exportation of wheat to Japan. The ex
port of grain from Chinese ports is il
legal, but the Russians heretofore have
ignored the law. During the past week
the Japanese obtained many shiploads
from Newchwar.B, apparently preparing
for war contingencies.
SHUTS OFF JAPAN'S WHEAT.
Russia Stops Exportation of Cereal
From Newchwang.
SLAYS BROTHER
AT THE DEATHBED
OF HIS MOTHER
LONDON. July 2S.-Manchurian affairs
occupied a great deal of attention In the
London papers this morning. Besides an
interview with the Japanese Minister, re
peating the statements made at the Jap
anese legation last Friday to the effect
that Japan's policy was to wait and watch
Russian developments in the East, all of
the dallies reproduce the Associated Press
interview with Director Hartwig of the
Russian Foreign Office. Comparisons are
drawn between the peaceful acd dignified
attitude of the Japanese officials and the
••insulting, provocative character" of the
remarks of the Russian director, whose
statements are regarded as demanding a
disavowal on the part of the Russian Gov
ernment. The Graphic says:
"Unless he (the director) is taken se
verely to task the situation will become
exceedingly dire, for Japan is not likely
to sit quiet under the threat of annihila
tion."
Bussian Foreign Office Interview
Stirs Indignation.
BRITISH ANGER AROUSED.
:o the exchange cf ratifications of the
treaty in which the opening is agreed
£pon."
A» it will be necessary for the United
States Senate to approve the treaty rati
fications cannot be exchanged for many
months and a year may elapse before this
ceremony, which is necessary to make the
treaty effective, can be carried out. As
indicated in the statement quoted, the
ports will not be opened until after rati
fications feave been exchanged.
mains to be settled but the auestion of
th«? date when said localities shall be
opened. This naturally will be subsequent
time.
Confirmation of the foregoing was ob
tained to-day by The Call correspondent,
who was authorized to make the follow
ing statement:
"The auestlon of opening of new lo
calities to trade in Manchuria has been.
in substance, satisfactorily arranged with
the Chinese Government and nothing re-
¦kir.gr that Prince Ch!ng\ head of the Chi
nese Foreign Office, had said that he could
not conclude the treaty, for the reason
That the Russian Government continued
to object to any arrangement for an open
<3oor in Manchuria. This statement at- ;
tracted considerable attention and was !
credited In some Quarters, but it is proper
to say that the United States Govern
ment did not believe It, feeling confident
that Russia had acted in good faith in
riving assurance that she would inter
pose no objection to the port-opening pro
gramme cf this Government.
An arrangement has now been reached
with China by which the commercial
treaty between the United States and
that country will contain provision for
the opening of two ports in Manchuria,
probably Moukden and Tatungkau. The
treaty will be signed within a very short
WASHINGTON, July 27.— All doubt as
to a speedy conclusion of the treaty with
China providing for the opening of ports
in Manchuria to foreign trade has been
removed by positive information received
fcere. It was recently reported from Pe-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Treaty With Chinese Gov
ernment Will Soon Be
Concluded.
Final and Definite As
surance of the
"Open Door."
America's Triumph
in Orient Is
Complete.
MANCHURIAN
PORTS WLL
BE OPENED
Continued on Page 4, ¦ Column • 1.
. W~*1K iOLSOM, July 27.— The most-desperate "prison 'break
$ d ever known in 'the history .of this . State occurred here
M at the prison this morning'sliortly after 7, o'clock. Thir
teen desperate convicts, most of , them in ¦ for life. terms,
made their escape, capturing Warden • Wilkinson, j Captain R.
J. Murphy, captain of the guard; Harry Wilkinson, stenog
rapher ; . General Overseer McDonoiigh, Master Mechanic Charles
Ward, Guards J. Klenzendorf, L. C. Yetress : Jr., ;Guy Jeter, '. C.
Desperate Criminals Attack the Officials
and Defy the Gathering Guards.
Jolly, O. Seavey, James Dolan, William Hopton and Stage
Driver T.C. Brown.
In the desperate battle that took place in the. captain's office
when the break for liberty was made William Cotter, a guard,
was cut to pieces by the convicts, w T ho used razors and keen-edged
knives. The -• officer died of his wounds shortly after 1 o'clock
Joseph Cochrane, chief turnkey, was badly wounded in the
fight, and he lies. at the point of death in the prison hospital.
Warden Wilkinson was slashed across the Hbody with a razor and
a slight wound was inflicted on the abdomen, but his injuries are
not serious. W.C. Chalmers, a; guard, was slashed on the right
hand.by a razor, wielded by a life-time convict, Al Meyers, who
was captured alter he had gone a few steps from the rear
prison gate. / , _ %
Posses of guards and Deputy Sheriffs from Sacramento, El
Dorado and Placer counties scoured the surrounding country this
afternoon/ while Company H of the National- Guard was rushed
here from Placerville by orders of Governor Pardee. This' even
ing the. soldiers, took up the trail of the convicts. .
The consummation of the plot- to escape shows that it had
Escaping Prisoners Hurry Their Captives
Under Muzzles of Gatlihg Guns.
A UBURN, July 27.— £
/\ fierce battle occurred be-
J U. tween the escaped Fol
som convicts and the of
ficers at 7 o'clock this evening
near Pilot Hill in El Dorado
County. •
The convicts were traveling in
a four-horse wagon and after
holding up a pioneer, John Men
dis, at Pilot Hill and completely
looting his general merchandise
store of. the stock of provisions,
proceeded on in the direction- of
Coloma.
Shortly after leaving Pilot Hill
they were overtaken by the
posses from Sacramento, Folsbm
and Placerville. Guard Curry of
the Folsom posse opened nego
tiations by shooting one of the
horses attached to the convicts'
wagon. This temporarily blocked
the advance and an open fight
ensued.
Convict Fred Howard was
killed outright and Seavis, the
negro convict, was badly wound
ed. Guards Brown and Klenzen
dorf, who were with the convicts
managed to escape.
It was also noticed that Convict
Gordon and another convict were
missing and it is presumed that
they dropped out somewhere be
tween Folsom and Pilot Hill and
have taken to the woods, which
anywhere in this locality would
provide safe hiding.
Guard Jetter, who is still in the
hands of the convicts, is a resi
dent of Lincoln, Placer County.
It is feared that he and the other
three guards will be killed before
they are released.
Late this evening Hany Wil
kinson and a party of three ar
rived in Auburn from Folsom
prison, and in company with ex-
Sheriff William C. Conroy, one
of the most daring men in Cali
fornia, drove immediately to the
scene of hostilities. , Wilkinson is
a nephew of Warden Wilkinson.
Sheriff Keena's Placer County
posse consists of Deputies Coan,
Dependener and Lozano and
Constables Leake and Hoffman
and Fred Grant.
PLACERVILLE, July 27.—
The latest news from Pilot Hill is
to the effect that a posse of fifty
men from Auburn has arrived, to
assist the Sheriff and his posse;
that a fight has taken place and
that Fred Howard, a convict, has
been killed, and A. Searis, an
other convict, was wounded.
The convicts are scattered and
are now taking to the surrounding
wopds. Company H left Folsom
at 5 o'clock for •Pilot Hill, and
should now be in the immediate
Fierce Fight
at Pilot
mu.
Convict Falls
in Bloody
Strife.
THE DEAD:
Guard William L. Cotter.
Convict Fred Howard.
THE WOUNDED:
Thomas Wilkinson, Warden.
Joseph Cochran, general
overseer.
Charles Jolly, guard.
W. A. Chalmers, turnkey.
Stage Driver Brown.
' A. Sea vis, convict.
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 53.
SAN FRANCISCO: TUESDAY, JULY 28. 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
A JAILBREAK, unparalleled in the history of California for perfection of ' conspiracy, atrocity of crime and amazing completeness of 'success, occurred at the State Penitentiary located at Folsom t in Sacramento County, yester
f\. dax morning. Thirteen convicts, notoriously identified with the criminal records of- a dozen counties, ¦overpowered Warden Wilkinson and several of his officers and made their way out of the prison enclosure under the mus
cles of Gatling guns, which could not be /ired because of the fear that the Warden and his fellow-captives might suffer injury . One. of the guards was killed, the general overseer was fatally wounded and several other men were
injured until knives and razors. The fugitive criminals were pursued to Pilot Hill, in El Dorado County, and there gave battle. One convict was killed and another was wounded.
ARMED CONVICTS COMMIT MURDER IN THE FOESOM PRISON,
MAKE CAPTIVES OF THE WARDEN AND POWERLESS OFFICERS,
AND BA TTLE TO THE DEATH WITH A HOST OF PURSUERSJudge Murasky granted interlocutory
degrees of divorce to John J. Drumgold
from Clara Drumsold for desertion and
Minnie Downine from George W. Down
ing for neglect.
Suits for divorce were also filed by C.
B. Calender aealnst Clara Calender for
desertion and Martha haneen against
Henry A. Hansen for neglect.
Mrs. Keith alleges that three years ago
her husband falsely and maliciously
charged her with insanity and caused her
arrest and that several times thereafter
he accused her of being mentally un
sound and had her locked up. She says
that a few months ago he sent her to
the private sanitarium of Mrs. Reeves-
Atkinson at 1S15 gutter street, and that
while she was there she was. cruelly
beaten by the attendants. The beatings,
she charges, were the result of orders is
sued by Keith.
Madame Alma E. Keith, the milliner in
the Phelan building, is the plnintlff in a
suit for divorce filed yesterday against
Joseph H. Keith, to whom she was mar
ried thirty years ago. She charges him
with causing her great misery by his
treatment of her during the last three
years and asks for a divorce, the custody
of their 15-year-old daughter and for an
equitable adjudication of their property
interests. The property consists of the
n-.illinery business conducted by Mrs.
Keiia. which she values at J15.000, and
household furniture !n the Keith resi
dence at 2624 California street. •
Smith, the tays. greeted her with abuse,
rirnird the existence of the will and or
dered her out of the house, and has since
then taken no action toward offering the
last testament of his wife for probate.
In an affidavit tiled bjr Mrs. Chamber
lain in conjunction vgth the petition she
. says tha.t her daughter died last Febru
ary, leaving an estate worth at least J100.
. - HO. She says that on June 1. while ehe
¦was searching- through her daughter's ef
lects, 6he found a -will in the handwriting
« of the deceased, which directed that all
the latter'e estate should go to her huf
band. Butler Smith, and that he should
pay Mrs. Chamberlain $123 a month. She
Kays that ehe intended giving the will to
Smith, but that his medical adviser. Dr.
Ward, told her that he because of ner
vousness »as not in fit condition to be
bothered with affairs connected so closely
tilth the death of his wife, and advised
her to give the wl'.l to Robinson, her son
in-law's attorney, and allow it to remain
in his possession until such time as Smith
» returned from the East, where he was
about to go for the benefit of his health.
She did so, she says, and upon his return
five weeks later called upon him and re
quested him to file the documents for pro
bate.
Ella Chamberlain, the mother of the
late Ella B. Wilson Smith of 701 Broder
ick street, petitioned the Superior Court
yesterday for an order directing her son
in-law. Butler Smith, to file for probate
the will of his lat«> wife, which ehe claims
he has in his possession and refuses to
pretest to the court. She £ays she di«
rovered 'he will on June 1 among her
<iaughter"e possessions and turned it over
to Attorney E. 1. Robinson. Smith's legal
adviser, and that since that time, not
withstanding that she has made numerous
demands for its presentation, it has not
Le*n produced.
Milliner Says, She Has
Been Treated Cruelly
Three Yeara
•Mrs. Chain berlain Says
• Son-in-Law Refuses
to Give Up Will
MADAME KEITH
SEEKS DIVORCE
MAKES CHARGE
AGAINST SMITH
The Cardinals to-day again discussed
the advisability of sending a note to the
powers regarding the condition of the
Holy See. Some of them insisted on the
necessity of not allowing the occasion to
pass without again protesting against the
occupation of pontifical territory by Italy,
thereby showing that the Papacy is de
termined to maintain its claims unabated.
Others paid they thought that such a note
would not add any forcfc to the many pro
tests of the same kind already made,
while it might Interfere with the policy
which the future Pope may desire to fol
low, and added that the best thing to do
was to leave the successor Of Leo XIII
entirely free to choose tne course which
he may consider best for the good, and
general interests of the church. . . ¦
No decision on the subject was arrived
at. If the Cardinals determine to send the
note it will probably be delivered to the
diplomatic body on'Thursday. v : •
/Cardinal Cavagnis, in behalf of the
other Cardinals, to-day drew lots. for the
so-called "cells," as the apartments which
the Cardinals are to. occupy during the
conclave are termed.: ..'"C: ¦
The gendarmes and Palatine Guards
will'be transferred to the building in the
Belvedere courtyard where the poor pil
grims were lodged during the last Jubilee,
the gendarmes' barracks being trans
formed into kitchens, pantries, etc. The
Belvedere courtyard will be converted Into
general quarters for the carpenters and
other workmen. The courtyard is qulto
unrecognizable. The long lines Of glass
windows of the Loggia Raphael have been
painted up to a certain height, as a pre
caution, and shades have been put on
every window to better insure secrecy.
Assurances have been given that every
thing will be in jj readiness for Friday
nifiht. but there is much yet to be
achieved.
especially prepared, and as there are eix
ty-four Cardinals the amount of work
involved is .v£ry great. The section
destined for, the conclave comprises. On
the ground 'floor of th^ Vatican, the three
suites which surround the famous Court
of San^Damaso, the rooms under the lale
Pope's apartment and the tower. On the
second floor the rooms about the Loggia
Raphael and the pontifical offices, com
prising all the apartments formerly occu
pied by, Cardinal Rampolla, who has left
the Vatican altogether, will be used. The
whole will supply commodious lodging for
about 500 persons.
The Slstlne Chapel, as in the case of the
last conclave, will be used for the meet-
Ings of the Cardinals. There, after three
solemn -funeral services, which will begin
to-morrow, will be erected _ a throne for
each Cardinal. Above- the throne will be
canopies, attached to the wall behind. The
moment a new Pope "is elected he will
lower his baldacchino, as a token of his
new dignity, thus silently announced.
The Pauline Chapel will be used for the
celebration of high mass every' morning
Of the conclave, while in. the Sala Ducale
will be .movable, altars for the masses to
be celebrated every morning by each Car
dinal. . • '
T.' Carey' Friedlandcr was re-elected sec
retary 1 . /He has held this position many
years. .: • • i
"The \new. presiding officer ha* been a
member of the exchange for many years.
He has been a trustee and held other im
portant offices. Mr. Babcock Is very well
iinowa in. business circles of this city, tie
owns ' a/ large number of vessels and is
largely interested In shipping.
Mr. Bab'cock's election to this important
office meets'.' with the approval of all the
member?/;. He- is a man of great executive
ability and.iias always taken a deep in
terest lin^the affairs of the exchange.
The./ election", was held at a
meeting of the directors who were elected
last Tuesday." They" "are W.' H. Crocker,
William Babcock. William J. Duttoni E.
W. . Hopkins, Juda - Newman, R. ' P.
Schwerln. H. Sherwood. Leon Sloss, F.
W. Van Sicklen.F. H. Wheelan and E. K.
Wood. E. W. Hopkins was elected vice
president and Leon, SIosb treasurer. As
an executive committee. E. W. Hopkins.
F.. W. Van Sicklen. W. H. Crocker, and
William Babcock were chosen.
rryrr -pILLIAM BABCOCK. president
\\ y\ / of Pirrott & Co."; was elected
yesterday presiding officer of
» •' V tne Merchants'- r r Exchangei
Wil I iam Babcock i Js
E lected to ' fH PPiS
.tarit Office. v
*BUSINP;SS ; MA N WHO WAS
ELECTED;.- PRESIDENT - OP
1 MERCHANTS 1 EXCHANGE.
RUSSIAN PRESS CENSURES
UNITED STATES LYNCHINGS
ST. PETERSBURG. July 27.— The Novoe
Vremya has printed a cartoon represent
ing Uncle Sam driving an automobile over
two negroes, his right hand wielding a
whip and his left supporting the stars and
stripes, with the mottoes "Freedom" and
"Slavery." The cartoon referred to is one
of a series which the paper ia printing.
Making Ready for the Secret Session
{r-offthe Sacred College:
ROME, July K^-The Vatican resemble*
an ant hill, fd feverish is the work of pre
paring the part of the building set aside
for the conclave. "* Before . 1870 conclaves
were held in the Qulrlnal Palace, one ions
wing of which was always ready without
any especial preparation. But in the case
of. the Vatican, apartments of three-or
four rooms for each Cardinal have to be
ARTISANS BUSY IN VATICAN.
Cardinal Ciricoa Maria Sancha y Hcr
vas, the Archbishop of Toledo, Spain, de
livered a short address to the Cardinals
In presenting the condolences of the royal
family of Spain. The Spanish people re
member with affection the predilection of
Leo XIII for Spain and the help their
country received during their difficult pe
riod from the defunct Pontiff, who, being
the godfather of King Alfonso, was con
sidered by all Spaniards a beloved father
who watched over their destiny. Cardinal
Oreglla thanked the Spanish Cardinal in
the name of the Sacred College.
Several of the Cardinals proposed, in
view of the extreme heat, to celebrate
mass during the conclave in the Pauline
chapel early enough every morning to
complete the morning ballot In thft Sisttne
chapel by 11 o'clock. This proposition was
agreed to.
AMERICAN PRELATE'S ROOM.
The representative of the Associated
Press was permitted to enter ¦ the cell
which Cardinal Gibbons will occupy dur
ing the conclave. When the lots for apart
ments were drawn the American Cardinal
drew No. 5, the modesi apartment of
Comtnendatore Puccinelll, the master of
the house. It Is a few steps up from the
ground floor on the left of -the Noble
Guard staircase, entering" from the court
of San Dimas. The bedroom of the Car
dinal is decorated, -with paper of an or
dinary yellowish gray, and it contains a
email- black iron bed, a marble-top dress-
Ing table, a small writing desk, an arm
chair, an iron clothes, stand, a little high
movable mirror framed in iron and wood
and a prie' dieu at the slda of the bed.
Over the be.d hangs the picture of a ma
donna.
Adjoining this is the room of the.con
clavist, which is smaller, with about the
same furniture, except that the chairs are
more simple, with cane bottoms, and with
a mirror and clothes pegs attached to the
walls. A smaller room, with a camp bed,
is for the use of the servant. The fourth
room will- be of little use, as It is without
a, -window. The apartment is lighted, with
electricity. \t probably will be very warm,
as It has a full nouthern exposure.
The bedroom of the Cardinal measures
only fourteen feet by eleven.
At to-day's meeting of the congregation
flfty-two Cardinals were present, and all
noticed the exceptionally cordial reception
accorded to Cardinal Gibbons, who was
visibly touched by it. He thanked all of
his colleagues and embraced Cardinal Sa
tolli.
The ecclesiastics view the approaching
ceremony with some alarm, believing that
the ahtl-clerlcals may take advantage of
the opportunity to make counter-demon
stration against the sympathy expressed
throughout Italy in connection with the
death of the Pope. •
CARDINAL GIBBONS' WELCOME.
A proclamation was posted In the
streets of Rome to-night inviting citizens
to the "annual commemoration. . of the
death of King Humbert, which will tyke
the form of a procession through 'the
streets to the Pantheon. Early in_ the
morning of July 23. under the auspicca of
patriotic and other societies, the Italians
will visit the tomb of Humbert at tlie
Pantheon and decorate it with flowers.
Commemorative exercises at the capital
will follow. For thlV event King Victor
Emmanuel will return., to Rome on
Wednesday. Queen Margherita will ar
rive to-morrow.
It is now practically certain that all of
the Cardinals will be present at th*-con
clave except Cardinal Moran, Archbishop
of Sydney, who will- not reach Rome in
time, and Cardinal Cclesla, Archbishop of
Palermo, who is too ill to attend.
"Indeed," said Cardinal Logue, "I think
Cardinal Gibbons will be a subject for
commiseration if the selection should de
volve upon him, for no American would
care to spend the rest of his life confined
within thfe precincts of the Vatican."
FAVORS WITHHOLDING NOTE.
The Irish Cardinal expressed the opin
ion that the question of sending a .note
to the powers • protesting : against the
treatment of the Vatican/, by the Italian
Government should be lift .to. the next
Pope. To-morrow Cardinal Logue will
pay an official visit to, Cardinal Oreglia
and then he will formally, join. the congre
gation. "., ;
« . .. ¦
ROME, July 27.— Almost all of the Car- j
dinals of the conclave have now arrived.
Their time to-day was mainly occupied
with a lengthy meeting of the congrega
tion, which was notable for the cordiality
with which Cardinal Gibbons was re
ceived. After the meeting the Cardinals
received numerous visits- at tiJ*ir vanuus
residences.
In well-infoyned circles Cardinal Angelo
di Pletro, pro daetary of th.e late Pope, is
being talked of as a compromise candi
date in the event that either CardinAls
Oreglla, Gottl, Rainpolla or Serafino Van
nutelli is unable to secure the vote..
Should Dl Pietro receive the vote he will
be the representative of the Rampolla-
Gotti faction and yet would be fairly ac
ceptable to all. . ¦ .
Cardinal Michael Logue, Archbishop of
Armagh, who, with the exception of
Cardinal Gibbons, will be the only Kng
lish-speaking Cardinal in the conclave,
arrived to-day from Ireland. He said he
believed that the successor, to Leo would
be quickly chosen. In this case, perhaps,
the hope is father to the thought, aa he
said he did not look forward with a great
degree of pleasure to being shut up in the
Vatican during the present hot weather.
Speaking of Cardinal Gibbons, the Irish
Cardinal paid him a glowing tribute, al
though, like all the priests here, he held
out no hope that the American Cardinal
had the remotest chance of election.
Cardinal Logue Arrives in Rome
From Ireland to Participate
in the Eloction of
a Pope.
Is a Representative of the
Rampolla-Gotti
Faction-
• The contractor acknowledged, having
sent the, cigars by a* messenger boy, but
said hg, did, .not know anything about the
money. \.General Grant thought , that un
der such circumstances nothing could be
done by prosecuting the man for a'ttempt
cd bribery, so. h 6 sent the; money to the
War; Department.'- ¦'¦ '¦ ¦ ¦'. .' :
The money was- sent : to the', treasury,
where air unclaimed funds are sent. r The
cigars subsequently were sold for $3, and
this sum it was placed with the other
.money.' "•', '¦:-¦ .'":-./ , -- s ' ., '¦''. ' .'¦¦._
'WASHINGTON; July 27.— The Secretary
of War has sent to the Treasury Depart
ment a' box of cigars and $200 which was
received from the Department of Texas.
It appears that Colonel Clem, chief quar
termaster of the department, found the
box of cigars on-his desk, and upoivopen
ing he discovered it was from a con
tractor- who -was-doing-somo- work under
the- quartermaster's supervision. In the
box was the money. The colonel was very
indignant and referred the matter to Gen
eral Fred. Grant, -.commanding .th.^.depart
ment: " - -" ; . . . . .
TUCSON, July 27.— A second destructive
storm has visited Tombstone, accompa
nied by heavy lightning. Two houses in
Tombstone were struck, and at St. Da
vids, a nefghboring town. George Thorn
ton was instantly killed by a bolt of light
ning, while working with a companion,
repairing an irrigation ditch.
The damage done in Tombstone was con
fined to the residences of Dr. Bedford and
T. B. Brant, both of which were slightly
damaged by fire. rl.
Martinez was shot in the left arm *nd
througn the back. The first bullet broke
his arm and the second one passed
through his body, ranging downward and
coming out under the skin below the
waist line. All day his suffering has been
acute.* To-nfght there is a slight change
for the better, but Dr. Freeman says this
may be an indication of peritonitis setting
in. Should this be the c^fsc he will not
live many hours.
The whole community is in a fever of
excitement at the'untimely and tragic end
of an efficient officer and good citizen
Casey will be buried" Tuesday at 2 p. m
tinder the auspices of the Native Sons.
SAN ANDREAS, July 27.— Julea Mar
tinez, the prisoner who shot and killed
James Casey yesterday afternoon In the
County Jail yard, was formally charged
with murder to-day by a Coroner's jury.
Deputy Coroner P. II. Kean summoned a
jury yesterday shortly, after the killing
and viewed the remains. To-day- at 2
o'clock the jury was again summoned and,
an inquest held, with the above result.
Bolt i From the Sky Causes
Death in a Neighbor
ing Town.
Martinez, the Prisoner, Will
Probably Share His
Victim's Fate. / •
Offering Left on Desk Is For
warded to , War De
partment. •
Cardinal Is Talked Of
as a Compromise
Candidate.
Contractor Attempts to
Bribe an Officer of
the Army.
Coroner's Jury at San
Andreas Investigate
Sunday Shooting.
Lightning Accompanies
Second Tempest
in Arizona.
DI PIETRO
MAY WEAR
THE CROWN
STORM STRIKES
TOMBSTONE HOMES
CIGARS AND COIN
FOR THE COLONEL
FINDS CASEY
WAS MURDERED
WILL DIRECT
AFFAIRS OF
EXCHANGE
THE SAN FBAXOJSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, -HU3.
WASHINGTON. July 27.r-The , following
po«traa«ter hat be*n comraiwlbned: Cali
fornla—Cora Blederman, Wilmington. Fourth
class postmasters appointed: California— Bird
Tucker. Kellogg. Sonoma County, vice Lemuel
E. Tarwater, . deceased; Elmer A. Kile, Par
cines. San Ben I to County, vice Eddy E. Kilt,
resigned. ,. ,.-- • • ¦¦¦-.¦¦
Navy .orders— Lieutenant P. W." Olmsted hu
been ordered to Tensacola.
New Postmasters Commissioned to
- Fill Vacancies in California
Offices— Navy Orders.
OF INTEREST TO ; PEOPLE }f;
OF THE PACIFIC C0ABT
HONOLULU, July •21.— Secretary, George
R. Carter in the absence of Governor Dole
received a letter from Father Valentin of.
the local Catholic mission asking that the
Territorial flag be lowered to half mast
on the occasion of the death of the Pope.
Carter replied that he . understood that
the Governor regarded the .flag *.s .an ex
ecutive flag, not to be lowered except in
honor" of some official in direct line as a
superior of th« executive of_ Hawaii, and
therefore the Secretary said he would not
set the precedent of lowering the flag for
the Pope. **¦ ¦•••• ' .
Would Not Lower Flag for, Pope.
After studying and photographing more
than 40,000" pairs of cars of persons, in
cluding those of 2000 Insane and 800 crim
inals and those of 300 animals, an English
crlminologist ia forced to conclude that
the ear gives no clew to personal traits.
2
V-'---':^, '¦;'•'%•' ' . KITCHEN BEQUISITES.
—the parties who originated and
circulated, the rumor that " Force" Food
contained drugs or ot|ier injurious in-
1 1 gredients. ; ' \ iSil '• -,
$5,000. additional : :w?iii."l5e
anyone proving that "Force" does; Qr
ever did, contain any drug or other iri^j
jurious or unhealthful ingredient, being
composed solely of Wheat and 'Barleys
with a seasoning of table salt,: steam
cooked, flaked, and roasted.
Do us the justice, if you question
the absolute purity or healthfulness of
"Force," to send a package to the Health
Department of your city for analysis.
Th© 66 FOMCE S9 Food
of Plwnaacy. University of Buffalo*
The " Force" Food Company, Buffalo, X. T.: Ana^titmt ciumut and Attaytr.
Gentlemen — A rumor having reached me that your . . t— . o« <n/*»
product, " FORCE," contained injurious ingredients, '* ane 1803>
I took the occasion to analyze it, in the interest of The "Forte" Food Company, Buffalo, X. T.:
my 6wu family and of Borne friends who are liberal Geitlemex-— In view of the rumors regarding thd
users of it. alleged adulteration of "FORCE," it has been a
It may interest you to know that I found it con- satisfaction to me to visit your Mills, investigate, and
elsted exclusively of Whole Wheat, Barley and 8alt, analyze your product.
. and is absolutely free from any injurious elements You are free to publish this statement made over
whatever. -^ ¦ my signature, that I found "FORCE" to be abso-
Permit me to express my sincere regret that such lutely pure, consisting solely of Whole Wheat and
a eerious and baseless rumor should gain footing Barley, flavored with table Salt, and free frora any
with the public. ! injurious substance whatever.
You are frea to use this letter In any way that will I examined, in detail, the various steps in the man-
' help to do your product Justice. ufacture of jour product, such as the steam cooking;
: >- : Yours truly, the flaking and the roasting, as well as the packing,
WILBUR L. SCOVILLE. and find all to be remarkably clean and of abeoluta
healthfulness. final roastme is done at a tem-
• m«rt«rhHf»><> r»n«n» perature above o00° F., which, with thd steam coo*-"
IRSSSSCnUKnS L>CHCg? 1DSt completely sterilizes the product, and the entire
Cf. rfiantjacy. ., -^— process, from the first step to the final sealing of the -
Boston, June SO, 1903. package, is a mechanical one, the product at no time
To Whom It May Concern: coming in contact with the hands or clothing of the
At the Invitation of The " FORCE" Food Com- persona handling th© machines or packages,
pany, of Buffalo, I have visited their Mills and made Very respectfully,
a careful examination of the materials from which HERBERT M. HILL.
"FORCE" is prepared, and the processes which Chemist to the City of Buffalo,
convert it into Its finished condition.
I found that "FORCE " consists exclusively of
what my previous analysis Indicated, viz.: Whole
Wheat and Barley, with a flavoring of Table 8alt, See paee 148 of " Cereal Breakfast Foods," Buna-
flaked, cooked and sterilized by 800 degrees of heat. tin No. 84, of the Kaine Experiment Station, a State
A feature of the manufacture which Impressed me Institution; which has analyzed "FORCE" wltii
considerably was the fact that the process is entirely other foods, m the public interests. • :'-.*«,;>
• - mechanical, the food being prepared, . cooked and — Copy will be mailed free on request.
' boxed by machinery, without ever coming in contact Refer also to Canadian Government Bulletin 84 on
with the hands or clothlngXJf the mill operative*. similar subject, pages 6 and 29, for analysis showing
I was also gratified to note that an experienced > that " FORCE " consists solely of the most whole-
Chemist daily supervised the entire output, and that j some and nutritious ingredients. '
each day's .manufacture was also tested by an expert Any inquiries concerning this subject will be chee> .
cook. 4 ' ' '¦ ¦ . . ¦ - fully answered bv
, . . Signed. , WILBUR L. 8COVILLE, ' THE " FORCE »» FOOD COMPANY,
• Prof essor of Theory and Practice of Chemistry. Buffalo, N. T,
ECZEMA, NO CUBE, NO PAY.
Your dniergl»t will refund your money lf-PAZO
OINTMENT fails to. cure ".RAgworm, Tetter.
OId.Ulc«ra and Sores, 'Pimples and Blackheads
en the (ace, and all akin diseasei. 5y cents. •
ADVERTISEMENTS. .^._._^,,
Las tkat delicate flavor
tliat comes only from
choicest selected tops
and Nortkern-gro\vn
barley. It is trewed un-
der conditions of abso"
lute cleanliness in tke
great Pabst Brewery at
Milwaukee ""Where qucJ"
it t/^ and purity nave oeen
constant watchwords
for sixty busy years.
Orders filled by
Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I . j| Handsome furniture makes the home. Many an ugly PT^
'M exterior conceals a place of beauty when the entrance door is 9 :¦
; ;-fl p?.??cd. Good taste in selection and the buying of real instead g !
.'.1 °f imitations of exclusive designs is all that is, needed to have R •
-B a perfect-house. S \.
"M We sell you only the things that have , real value There I j:
. B •> nothing in our store that is cheap in construction or fin- 1 •:
•A ish. We arc always willing to refund money upon return of a }.
5 goods not as represented. B 'J
:| FOR THE HALL. I
: :S A line of Carved Oak Hat Hall Settles with glasses to • j
; :'¦ Racks very handsome. match. I ;•
[¦M In Belgium Oak — Settles in Belgium Oak—, f j:
Former • Red Tag Former Red Tag \ '¦
"B Price. Price. Price. Price. \ i
i || $150.00 9115.OO $75.00. $55.00 !*
1 In Golden Oak— 55-00 . 40.00 i g
I Former | Red Tag 42-50 /•;•; 30.OO 1
1 Price. Price. Glasses in Belgium Oak— J si
! |i $125.00 . $78.00 Former ; Red Tag \ '•
1 L 65.00 4 O.OO Price. Price. '
I 40.00 25.OO $57.00 $42.?>o ;:
: fc* .^500 20.00 , 45.00 : . 31. 00 ;¦
•2 .10.00 1 8.OO I 40.00 30.00 ;:
i £ Wehave a line of fine Colo- Settles in Mahogany, Colo- { !
6 nial Chairs and Rockers, nial design — • j >
'1 staple goods, in dull mahog- Former Red Tae •
"H any ' w '*' 1 rus^ 1 seats » tnat we Price. Price ! •
:S are selling at a cut of 25 per $60.00 ¦ .S50.0O i?
H Settles in Golden Oak— 'Glasses in Mahogany— I \
': ;.g Former Red Tag Former Red Tag •
•:"8 $30.00 * $21.00 $45«O $35.(H> \
jj 2500 18.OO 35.00 " 25.00 •;
;:i|j Glasses and Settles in English Oakland Antwerp Oak v. ••
;i'fl and Hand-carved Hall Chairs reduced in price 25 per cent. i :
if J^^k^bi^0 j jPRETTY STOCKTON GIRL. AND THE YOUNG BANKER WHO SHE
ALLEGES FORCED HER TO ACCOMPANY HIM TO HIS APART
MENTS, HER TEMPORARY LODGINGS AND HER ALLEGED PRISON.
H. Dlgby Johnson delivered a most in
teresting and instructive lecture on Flor
ence last night at the California-street
Methodist Church, p. w. Pray presided
and introduced the lecturer to the select
audience. Mr. Johnson's descriptions of
scenery, buildings and other delightful
characteristics of the place were cleverly
and vividly colored, so that the hearers
soon became acquainted with Florence. A
hearty vote of thanks was tendered Mr.
Johnson for the pleasure his lecture gave.
Lectures on Florence.
Oaklander Resigns" Honolulu Job.
HONOLULU, July" 21.— Marston Camp
bell, formerly of Oakland, has resigned
from the . Department of Public Works
and is about to leave for the. coast on a
/vacation. There was a bitter fight against
Campbell in the lower house of the Leg
islature, ending finally in the appropria
tion for the position he filled being strick
en out. He was retained as an employe,
however,- and it is understood that he is
to re-enter the department on returning
from his vacation. . - . •"
WOODLAND, July 27. — The cannery re
opened to-day and there la prorals* of quits a
Ions run on peaches. The output for the sea
son will probably be 20,000 cases. : %
ST PETERSBURG. July 27. — By order of
the chief prosecutor of the Holy Synod, the
Bishop of Kishinev has instructed the clergy
of his diocese to exert their influence on the
members of the orthodox church by sermons in
the churches and personal admonition to allay
the anti-Semitic religious hatred.
Ethel Reibenstein is a daughter of O.
B. Reibenstein, an old-time resident of
this city, and has very prominent connec
tions. She Is accomplished and popular.
For a time she was employed In a fash
ionable art gallery and during that time
was the subject of some of the photogra
pher's best art.
It Is stated here that she and Hewlett
have been much In each other's company.
She went to San F/anci3Co last week.
Mr. Hewlett has been spending his vaca
tion there. Miss Relbensteln's many
friends are much chagrined at the unen
viable notoriety her adventure .has
brought upon her: She is a niece of lor
mer Mayor Reibensteln.
STOCKTON. July 27.— The news of the
arrest of Harry H. Hewlett, and the sen
sational allegations leading up to it,
created a profound sensation here. Hew
lett Is a nephew of the late Millionaire
H. H. Hewlett, and has been In the First
National Bank, one of his uncle's proper
ties, since he was a mere youth. Young
Hewlett Is a high roller and has set the
pace for the. younger sports of the city.
He is an enthusiastic automoblllst and
has generally followed the fads of fash-'
ion. He has been accounted considera
ble of a "ladles* man," but this Is the
first Instance where his relations have
been made the subject of press reports.
He has never, apparently, been at a loss
for money. Hewlett has been raised here
and despite his propensity to hit the high
places he Is accredited with good business
ability. He has moved In the best of so
ciety and has been particularly prominent
in theatricals.
Hewlett's Disgraceful Conduct Re
gretted in His Home City.
SENSATION IN STOCKTON.
NAPA, July 27,-^An Italian, whose
name is given as John Farrell. was
drowned here while swimming in the
Napa River back of the Vernon Mills this
afternoon.. Farrell had been employed in
the cookroom at the Napa cannery for
about . a week and before that- followed
the occupation of dishwasher. Monday
afternoon he drank considerably and
while in an intoxicated condition decided
to go In swimming. The body has not
been found.
Cook Drowned in Napa River.
Hewlett recently fell heir to $20,000 by
the death of his uncle, H. H. Hewlett,
and it is said that he has been traveling
a rapid pace since the acquirement of the
n.oney.
The thought of what that brute did to my
little girl almost drives me crazy. She is only
ah Innocent child, as all who know her will
testify, and I cannot imagine what prompted
this man to treat her as he did. The disgrace
of the affair has nearly driven us all frantic,
and I purpose to see that the outrage Is pun
ished if there be such a thing as justice.
O. R. Reibensteln, father of the young
woman, arrived from Stockton last night.
He is a brother of R. R. Reibensteln, who
was at one time Mayor of Stockton, and
both men have held many important po
litical positions in that city. Speaking of
the treatment which his daughter was
subjected to at the hands of Hewlett, he
said:
The apartments where Miss Relben
stein was confined belong to A. F.
Schleicher, who Is at present absent from
the cltv and who turned them over to
Hewlett during his stay In San Francisco.
The_ Stockton cashier has been going a
merry pace while here and has been ar
rested twice during the lasty week for
driving his automobile at unlawful speed.
FATHER IS FURIOUS.
He said he called her up by telephone
and asked her If she did not want to say
good-night and that she replied In the af
firmative. Accordingly, he says, he rang
the bell at 1127 O'Farrell stret and she
opened the door and came down stairs to
meet him. He says he asked her to come
to his room sand she did so •willingly.; He
did not use 'any force on her and she
made no outcry or protest. Her replies
to -those who sought admission, ha said,
were entirely voluntary and were not
even suggested by him. - ¦* -- •¦.
When asked to explain the marks on
the young woman's throat: and ..arms he
could not and was. finally forced to admit
that he was much intoxlcated."
"But It is impossible that I would use
any force toward her or any other
woman,"- he said. V.'.Y:
He concluded his denials 'with ;. a slur
on the character of , the girl he had treated
so cruelly and intimated that she would
suffer no hurt to her reputation by being
in his apartments at such unusual hours.
SLURS HIS VICTIM.
In order to stop my cries, he shewed his
fingers down my throat, causing me the most
intense agony. After awhile I heard voices
outside demanding admittance. He told them
that I was in his rooms voluntarily and when
I denied his assertion he caught me around
the throat and choked me Until he forced me
to corroborate his statement. This happened
repeatedly during the time he held me prison
er. He waa much Intoxicated and acted like
a madman. I do not remember clearly all
that happened during those terrible hours, but
finally the liquor overcame him and he went
to sleep.
I arose, unlocked the door, and more dead
than alive managed to reach Mrs. Benham's
rooms. She and the rest of the household were
waiting for me and I told them my story.
Mr. Hewlett is an acquaintance of many
yearn' standing. He ha« repeatedly declared
his love for me and wanted me to marry him.
but my family objected to his attentions and
denied him the privilege of visiting me be
cause of his dissipated habits.
Hewlett promptly released himself by
depositing $200 cash on the two charges
against him. He was seen at the offices
of his attorney, Charles A. Low, and
talked readily ! about the matter. He
said he had known Miss Reibensteln
many years, but had never proposed mar
riage to her or expressed any great af
fection for her. He said she came down
to the cltv from Stockton to meet him.
He denied using abusive language to
ward her or her companion in front of
the. theater. . t
BRUTAL ABUSE
We were preparing for bed when the tele
phone commenced to ring and I surmised that
Mr "Hewlett was calling me up. I did not
answer at first, but finally concluded to do
to. in order that the ringing might stop and
not •listuib the other lodgers in the fiat. He
naij something about It being all over with
us and I answered that I was glad of it and
hung up the phone. Fifteen. minutes later the
doorbell rang and I answered It. opening the
door lioni the top of the stairway.
l:*-forc I could realize it. Mr. Hewlett had
dashed up the stairway and grasped me
around the body and was pulling me down
the stairs. I cried out time and again, hop
ing gome one would come to my assistance.
I was nearly without clothing. He carried me
through the doorway and out Into the street.
Then he dragged me along O'Karrell street
to Franklin. At the corner I ' fell to the
sidewalk and he stumbled over me. 1 was
screaming all the time and I could see win
dows going up In the neighborhood and hear
other women crying out. He forced me
against an Iron fence, on Franklin street and
hurt my back terribly. Then he took me
through the alley to the rear entrance of his
apartments and forced me Inside. He locked
the door and threatened to kill me If I did
not quit screaming.
been acquainted a number of years. He had
an automobile and he asked us to accompany
him on a ride. He was very much under the
Influence of liquor at the time. We refused
his Invitation and he then became abusive
both to me and Mrs. Benham. We wore fright
ened at his behavior and ran along Mason
street to Ellis, where we caught the car and
came home.
Between the Incendiary who fires his
neighbor's barn in secret vengeance, and
the "Worthy who starts a "run" on a
Bank with malicious gossip, there is
only a technical difference.
Gossip-with-a-purpose has too often
been used to stab character and to
wreck fortunes, and it is a great pity
the law cannot better reach those who
employ such intangible and insidious
methods to achieve their ends.
Scarcely any enterprise, or individ
ual, no matter how deserving, is safe
from the subtle dangers of the Gossip
monger, and human nature so loves a
morsel of such "news" tnat it can be re
lied upon to "push along" a rumor when
once it has been Judiciously started.
A vivid illustration of the gross injus
tice such a rumor can do is seen in the
"Force" Food Company's advertisement
of this date, where in a reward of 55000
is offered for the conviction of the par
ties who Initiated the suggestion that
"Force" was drugged. »
A further offer of $5000 for evidence
that a single package of the fifty million
sold contained anything except Wheat.
Barley*and Table Salt is, of course, a
complete refutation of the rumor, even if
the State Supervision of Foods was not
in itself ample protection.
People who love fair play in business,
as well as In other matters, will read
with indignation that it has cost The
"Force" Food Company over $50,000 to
publish a refutation of this "rumor" In
the newspapers of the United States and
Canada, and. probably, as much more in
loss of sales resulting from the baseless
gossip which did the harm.
The absurdity of tbe rumor is ap
parent when it is^Siown that the publio
has consumed fifty million packages of
"Force" without a single instance of any
ill effect upon any one of the users.
The "Force" Co. are evidently suffer
ing the usual penalty for success.
That Curse Called Rumor.
Hauling sheets around the mark, the
Reliance began eating ou,t to the weather
of the Constitution. They went about on
the port tack about 2:10 and after the new
boat drew ahead and to windward stead
ily. The Columbia sailed a fast race to
windward and by a fortunate slant of
wind close under the Newport shore
hauled up so much on the Constitution
that the latter barely beat her across the
finish line. Summary:
Boats. Start. Finish. .Elapsed.
Reliance 11:30:06 3:04:09 3:33:41
Columbia 11:32:00 3:10:11 3:38:11
Constitution 11:30:37 3:09:18 3:38:39
The three yachts raced over a leeward
and windward course to-day. There was
a puffy northwester of fifteen miles'
strength blowing when the starting sig
nal was given at- 11:30. The Reliance was
first to cross the line. The Constitution
crossed soon after, and the Columbia fol
lowed a couple of seconds behind the
handicap gun, at 11:32.
The Constltutipn ran by the Reliance
shortly after the start and at 11:40, when
the Columbia was almost on even terms
with her, the Reliance set the spinnaker
flying on the starboard hand, new
boat felt the effect immediately and slow
ly regained the stretch of water that
separated her from the Constitution. A
mile from the turn the Reliance got by
the Constitution "and turned the mark
just ahead of her.v Meantime, the Colum
bia had fallen away in the rear.
The yachts turned the outer mark as
follows: Reliance, 1:10:05; Constitution,
1:10:31; Columbia, 1:14:38.
From the showing of the three- boats
this season, the Reliance is fairly entitled
to be the defending vessel. In any case,
she has crossed the finish line ahead, and
has lost but few events on time allow
ance. It Is probable that the defender
will proceed to Bristol for a thorough
overhauling.
Messrs. Morgan, of the Columbia, and
Belmont, of, the Constitution, were per
fectly satisfied with the Reliance's choice
by the committee. They are both of the
opinion that the Reliance is the fastest
of the trio.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 27.— After to
day's race between Reliance, Constitution
and Columbia, in which the former boat
again- demonstrated her superiority over
the other two, the challenge committee of
the New York Yacht Club selected the
Reliance as the defender of the America's
cup. It was also decided to discontinue
the trial races.
Miss Reibensteln gave a full account of
her experiences during the ordeal through
which she went with the drink-crazed
man. She said:
With Mrs. rtenham I attended the Tivoli
Theater last night. When we came out we
were met by Mr. Hewlett, with whom I ha.v«
Upon her statement the police were
again communicated with and Policeman
Paul Butler was sent to Hewlett's apart
ments and took 'him to the Hall of Jus
tice. At first he was held In detinue, but
later Miss Reibensteln swore out a com
plaint against hhn on the charge of as
sault with intent to do great bodily harm,
and Jordan swore to another complaint
accusing him of battery. On the^e two
charges he was booked and later released
on cash ball of $100 in each of the cases.
YOUNG WOMAN'S STORY.
" Several hours afterward, when her cap
tor had fallen asleep, Miss Reibensteln
managed to make her escape, and re
turned to Mrs. Benham's apartments in
an almost fainting condition. • There
were heavv bruises on her throat and
neck, bearing out her statement that she
had been choked Into submission by Hew
lett. She could scarcely speak and her
tongue was swollen to twice its natural
size, due, she said, to the fact that he
had forced his fingers into her mouth to
etifle her screams.
MAKES HER ESCAPE.
Despite the assurances of all those
present that Miss Reibensteln hod been
forced to accompany Hewlett against her
will these policemen concluded it was not
a case for their interference,- drove
everybody away from the house and left
the girl to her fate.
Through the closed doors Hewlett as
serted^that the girl was there of her own
volition, and according to her Story
Hewlett choked her into an acquiescence
in this statement. Mrs. Benham Insisted
that the girl v/as being detained there by
force, and the men started to leave to call
the police. As Jordan turned tp walk
down the steps Hewlett threw open the
door and struck him two cowardly blows
on the back, which, however, did no in
jury.
A telephone message was sent to the
City Hall and half a dozen policemen
were sent to the scene. They demanded
admittance to the room, but were refused
by Hewlett. Again, according to the girl,
Hewlett choked her and forced her to tell
the patrolmen that she was in his apart
ments of her own free will. Under the
circumstances all the policemen except
TIerney and Cashin withdrew. They re
mained, and under the urglngs of the ex
cited neighbors, who feared that Hewlett
might kill the girl, telephoned to head
quarters and received orders to break
open the door if they thought the woman
was a prisoner.
Hewlett is cashier of the First National
Bank at Stockton, and has been in this
city for the last week on a vacation. Mis3
Reibensteln, who is ihe daughter of O. S.
Reibenstein, Assistant Superintendent of
Streets of Stockton, came down from
Stockton Saturday and was visiting with
her friend, Mrs. Benham, at 1127 O'Farrell
street. James L.~-Dutton, landlord of the
fiat, and Leopold Jordan, a newspaper
man residing there, were aroused by the
woman's screams and the resulting com
motion, and at the request of Mrs. Ben
ham they went to the apartments occu
pied by Hewlett at 1124 O'Farrell street
and demanded the release of Miss Reiben
steln. r-jl* V
This almost incredible story of the
abused girl is borne out by other resi
dents in the flat at 1127 O'Farrell street
and people living in neighboring houses,
who were awakened by her screams. For
two hours the fashionable section was In
a turmoil. Women stood at the windows
and screamed "murder," and many gath
ered on the street below and watched in
terror the abortive attempts to liberate
the imprisoned girl.
PKOMINENT IN STOCKTON.
20-year-old girl . of -Stockton, was
dragged from the flat at 1127 O'Farrell
street about 1:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Harry Hewlett, also of Stockton,
who compelled the terrified t girl to ac
company him to his apartments across
the street and was there kept prisoner
until 6 o'clock, when she managed to
make her escape and return to the rooms
of the woman friend with whom she had
been staying. A, .. ; ;
SHRIEKING in terror, clad only in
a kimona and struggling with all
her waning strength to free her
self, Ethel Relbenstein, a pretty
Challenge Committee
Makes Its Final Of
ficial Selection.
RELIANCE WILL
DEFEND THE CUP
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— Judge Ryan to-day
passed sentence on five former members
of the House of Delegates, four of whom
were convicted of bribery and one of per
jury in connection with municipal fran
chise deals.
Those sentenced were: John A. Sheri
dan, bribery In connection with the Sub
urban Street Railway deal, five years; T.
Edward Albright, bribery. Suburban deal,
five years; Jerry Hannigan, bribery. Sub
urban deal, five years; James Docker, per
jury. Suburban deal, four yeArs; Emil
Hartman. bribery, electric lighting bill,
six years. All filed appeal bonds In the
sum of $10,000 each.
Judge Ryan Passes Sentence on For
mer Members of the House
of Delegates.
HEAVY PUNISHMENT FOB
FIVE ST. LOT7IS BOODLERS
Familiar Bore — Funny, but you are al
ways busy when I come in. The Victim —
But still you come in.— London TH-Blts.
German cities are still growing so fast
that the sawmills can hardly keep up
with their orders.
Peace in Venezuela
. T^ASHINGTON. July 27.-Gencral Jose
Manuel Hernandez, the recently appointed
Venezuelan Minister to the United States.
cane to Washington to-day. He is en
thusiastic over the Government's recent
victory at Oudad Bolivar and savs It
means the restoration of peace in Vene
zuela. All opposition to the established
authority Is now at an end. he says.
Ptins Disappear and Vocal Powers
j Ar» Hectored in a Most Mysteri
ous Fashion at the Southern
California Town.
Miss Dane was walking downstairs last
Thursday, wh*>n fhe flipped and struck
f'her chest against the last step. She had
previously for years suffered great pains
In her back, but as she lay on the steps
ehe noticed that the pains had suddenly
lef{. She was carried to a couch and
after a while pet up and walked about
¦without the aid of her crutches, a thing
she has not done in many years. She also
found that she could speak articulately.
All her friends are very happy over the
affair and declare tnat a miracle has been
performed. The doctors who have treated
•her for years are much puzzled.
PASADENA. July 27-Mlss Alice Dane
of this city, who had beej/ crippled for
years by spinal trouble and who had al
most lost her voice, has had the use of
her limbs and vocal powers restored by a
fall downstairs.
filwcUI Dispatch to The Call
Slight Accident Enables a
Cripple, to Walk
and Talk.
A serious accident occurred while their
Majesties were subsequently driving to
the Victoria Hospital, which they opened
to-day. A peasant woman succeeded in
passing the cordon of troops and rushed
toward the royal carriage. She was
knocked down and falling between the
wheels was badly Injured. She was taken
to the hospital.
BELFAST, July 27*.— The welcome ex
tended to King Edward and Queen Alexan
dra at the capital of Ulster was marked by
the came enthusiasm which has followed
their progress through Ireland. The city
was elaborately decorated and thronged
and the streets were lined by 10,000 troops,
2000 bluejackets and 5000 police. v The Lord
Mayor and Corporation awaited their
.Majesties at the railroad station and pre
sented them with an address. Upward of
fifty other addresses were presented. The
King in reply said his highest ambition
was to follow in the footsteps of his
mother and make the well-being of his
people, the prosperity of Ireland and the
maintenance of the peace of all nations
his constant aim. The royal procession
was then formed and traversed the
streets to the City Hall, where the King
unveiled a statue erected In honor of
Queen Victoria.
After the unveiling their Majesties
lunched with the Lord Mayor and visited
the agricultural show at Balmoral. Later
, they went to Bangor, where their recep
tion, was most demonstrative. About 1400
children sang the national anthem. The
channel fleet saluted as their Majesties
| embarked on the royal yacht Victoria and
I Albert to proceed to Londonderry.
Edward Calls Prosperity of
Ireland One of His High
est Aims.
Sudden Recovery of Pas
adena Woman Puz
zles Doctors.
People of Ulster Wel
come King and Queen
Enthusiastically.
Harry Hewlett Charged by Ethel Reibensteiri With
Forcing Her to Accompany Him to His Apart
ments, Where She Claims He Abused Her Cruelly
GAINS VOICE
BY HER FALL
DOWNSTAIRS
ROYALTY PAYS
BELFAST A VISIT
PROMINENT STOCKTON BUSINESS MAN
RESTS UNDER UNUSUAL ACCUSATION
THE SAN FEANC15UU CAliL, XUJ2SDAY, JULY : 28, 1903.
3
Makers and merchants have
too little faith in good goods.
L Schilling's Best is beginning
to show them the way. •
APVEBTTRK Bff ENT8.
$1000 Reward.
A reward of One Thousand Dollars
will be paid by the Pacific States Tele-
phone and Telegraph Company for
information leading to the arrest and
conviction of the man or men who
maliciously cut and destroyed our main
lead of thirty wires on the San Bruno
Road, about one -mile north of Sierra
Point House, about I o'clock Monday
morning, July 27, 1903.
JNO. I. SABIN, President.
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CHICAGO BUSINESS MAN
Cured by Pe-ru-na of Catarrh of $
the Stomach After Doctors ? i#^^^^^^^^^^8
Wm. N. Selic. a well known business l&^^^^^^^^^^^^§ '¦'
man of Chlcaco, 111., in a recent letter ".¦ l/ra^-'--_--~-~-^=~=SE=5>5$§^ "
irom 43 Peck Court. Chicago, 111., says: %?&£-• 'SZ"~ — -^ —^^^^^^
After having used several reme- • T^"r"ff- j -- - \".'_v"^-^r~~^^^^^^
dies for indigestion without beneficial J^^zzzzjzi—izziE: ~^S^S
results, I was induced by a friend of " ¥^^~~ — —^^^^^ ' '
mine to try Peruna, and I gladly say ! f^^ = ~~
several of my acquaintances as I \\ |^^^^-^^^^^^^^B
firmly believe it is all that is claimed ?
In catarrh of the stomach, as well as ' ' : ;^-f : ;^ : =~~ — —---'----— -^g 1
catarrh of any part of the body, Peruna ' ' idr—-'--::^''"^ 1 -^^— — - ~ 1 1
if Peruna will cure catarrh of one part * :=:::^l3^S=32S|^^^EE=^^
it wilt cure catarrh of any other part of ?
Catarrh is catarrh wherever located, and *
the remedy that will cure it anywhere ? ,^IStSmh^SaBm^^Bf^^
will cure it everywhere. * ? fif&uSSt— ¦ : '-ii==4=s?l"§»E5^
The following letter from Congressman * ;y^l^i^g^g^gsEflP^ ~ff rj^?^
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, ! >^^ s =??-— ~ '
WASHINGTON, D. C. J r_ ::: "~S£^^^^^^ !
My Dear Dctor — It gives me pleasure \ \ jjl^^^ ! ',
to certify to the excellent curative quail- , -T £3&.^^~ :^Bt^££^^^§z^§^ <
< yfiL J&X \ I! re^sVdlnce 1 * in ' WM. N. SELIC. !
" f^^^^Sfc^Sji f Washington has . ¦ rTrTTTT - r -- T . rTt ,,, ,,..,*
" ? increased these
' V ' troubles. A few It stands to reason that a man of wealth
' i&tlK^BRi'tliit V " bottles of your and influence, like a Congressman of the
.y^Nr^W £± 1 medicine have great United States, has left no ordi-
" / €KfV!*w-4r • K lven m e al " nary means untried and no stone unturned
' «lf «*»>.> " most complete to find a cure.
1 /r V*!5 relief, and I am If such cures as these do not verify
" t Ti -d *v» ? sure that a con- the claim not only that dyspepsia is due
f j. u. uoiKin. tinuation of to catarrh of the stomach, but also that
, . » . .».»»»» »»•« them will effect Peruna will cure catarrh of the stomach,
a permanent cure. Peruna is surely a it is Impossible to Imagine how any evl-
wonderful remedy for catarrhal affec- dence could do so.
tions."— J. D. Botkln. If you do not derive prompt and satls-
) This Is a case of catarrh of the stomach factory results from the use of Peruna
which had run for twenty-five years, ac- write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
cording to his statement, and Peruna has full statement of your case, and he will
at -once come to his relief, promptly ac^ be pleased to give you his valuable advice
complishlng for him more benefit than gratis.
he had been able to find In all other reme- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
dies during a quarter of a century. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
• San Francieco. Tuesday, 2S July. 1903.
j
,) ' Desks
rfor business —
we guarantee them
Our office desk line represents high-class cabinet
and skilled workmanship. You can buy a desk
here with the absolute assurance that it is not going to
fall to pieces and cause you all sorts of annoyance.
j • The prices are -what will probably interest you most.
Here are a few:
A golden quarter-sawed oak, roll top desk, 6b
inches long and equipped with modern conveniences,
for $50.00. Pictured above, but the details or finish, of
course, cannot be shown.
Same desk with low roll top, 55 inches long, $45.00.
: Same desk with low roll top, 60 inches long, $47.50.
Same desk in weathered oak, with low roll top, 60
„ • •• inches long, $47.50. [
i : Same desk in weathered oak, 50 inches long, for
$40.00.
Same desk in weathered oak, with low roll top, 50
inches long, for $37.50.
A golden oak roll top desk, .42 inches long, for
$18.50.
A golden quarter - sawed oak, flat top desk, 37
inches long, for $21.50. ,
Three-day specials in three lines of furniture again
this week. Sale began Monday morning and ends
Wednesday night. Chiffoniers, dining tables and tabou-
rets. A $35.00 mahoganized birch chiffonier for $22.75.
A $15.00 golden oak chiffonier for $9.55. A $2.00 golden
oak tabouret for $1.25. A $3.00 maple tabouret, with
birdseye top, for $1.80. A $35.00 round, 6-foot exten-
sion table for $20.65. A $20.00 square, 6-foot extension
table for $11.75.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue."Folsom prison Is not big enough or
strong enough to hold me." declared El
dridge to Jailer Charles Clarke, 'who took
him to the penitentiary.
"Eldridge said he would not serve out
his term," said Clarke to-day, "and he In
sisted that he woulu take advantage of
the first opportunity to make a break.
Knowing that he felt desperate we were
not a bit surprised to hear that he was
among the men who made the fight for
freedom."
Frank Case, another of the fugitive con
victs., escaped on December 26, 1901, from
the Alameda County Jail, where he was
awaiting trial on a charge of robbing a
Chinese laundryman on Eighth-street
bridge. Case was subsequently arrested
in Los Angeles for robbery and sent to
Folsom for a long term. He was a, three
termer and regarded by the Oakland au
thorities as one of the most dangerous
criminals in* California.
OAKLAND, July 27.— Harry Eldridge.
who was among the escaping convicts. Is
a three-term burglar. He was sent to
Folsom Penitentiary in Marcn for thirty
years, having been convicted of burglary,
with a prior conviction recorded against
him. Eldridge entered the residence of T.
B. Coffhlll. 1304 Jackson street, and stole
a lot of silverware.
Fugitive Burglar Is Well Known to
the Oakland Police.
CRIMES OF EXDRIDOE.
and carry a supply of ammunition to last
for some days.
TROOPS IN PURSUIT.
A detachment of the hospital corps of
the Second Regiment arrived at Folsom
City on this evening's regular passenger
train, bringing with them a complete hos
pital equipment. It is realized by every,
one there that much blood will be shed
before the murderous escaping convicts
are captured or killed. Captain H. H.
Look is in charge of the hospital corps.
Colonel Seymour and his staff proceeded
to Folsom prison and held a consultation
with Warden Wilkinson and his officers.
It was decided to hold the trooos in
readiness to proceed as soon as some def
inite word was received from some of the
posses that are scouring the country. All
kinds of rumors filled the air here, and it
was seen that It would be a wild goose
chase to send the troops helter skelter on
mere rumors. The posses from Folsom
Prison and Folsom City are under the
charge of Frank Lockhard, chief of the
second watch, and Charles L. Taylor,
foreman of the rock crusher. They are
determined men and will leave nothing
undone to capture or kill the escaped con
victs and rescue the guards whom they
forced along. The thirteen convicts who
have escaped are listed on the prison
book as follows: •
Albert Seavls (colored), from Sacramen
to, 25 years for robbery; J. L. Woods, trom
San Francisco, life term for robbery: R.
M. Gordon, from Sacramento County, 45
years for robbery; Ray Fahey, from Sac
ramento County, life term for robbery;
Frank Miller, from Fresno County! 12
years for burglary; Harry Eldrldge, from
Alameda County, 30 years for robbery;
John Theron, from San Francisco, life
term for robbery; Fred Howard, from
Sacramento, 15 years for robbery; Ed
Davis, from San Francisco, 33 years for
robbery; J. J. Allison,' from San Joaquln
County, 4 years for robbery; Joe Murphy,
from Contra Costa County, 14 years for
robbery; James Roberts, from Sacramen
to, 20 years for robbery: Frank Case, from
Los Angeles, life term for robbery. •
OFFICIALS ABE RELEASED.
The band of convicts, with the officers
they had captured, first made for the
prison orchards and the hill adjoining. At
the foot of the hill Warden Wilkinson
was released. The party took to the
wagon road leading to the Mormon Island
bridge and crossed the south fork of the
American River at Mormon Island bridge.
Before reaching the- bridge they released
Captain Murphy and Stenographer Wil
kinson.
•'At the. bridge Guard Tom Ryan was on
horseback, having gone around by a small
With the return of Captain Murphy to
the prison the work of sending out the
alarm and caning for aid to run down
the escaped convicts was commenced at
once. Telephone messages were sent to
Governor Pardee at Sacramento asking
for troops to help the guards and Sher
iffs. Messages were sent to the Sheriffs
of El Dorado, Sacramento and Placer
counties giving them the news of the
outbreak and telling the direction the con
victs had taken. Dr. Hanna of Sacra
mento came on here from Sacramento in
his automobile : to render aid to the
wounded officers of the prison.
At noon a special train arrived from
Sacramento bringing Dr. G. I* White,
two trained nurses, "Jack" Stafford of
the Governor's office. District Attorney
A. M. Seymour of Sacramento County and
Court Reporter Warren Doane. As Gov
ernor Pardee Is In the Big Basin country
Private Secretary Nye suggested to Colo
nel H. I. Seymour of the Second Regiment
of the National Guard that military aid
be given the Folsom Prison authorities.
Word was sent to Captain C. A. Swlsler
to assemble company H at Placerville
and be prepared to move to the scene of
the convicts' traiU
Colonel Seymour came to Folsom Prison
on the special train and was accompanied
by Major W. M. Greer, Captain J. . A.
Blair and Major Frank Urescott of the
Seventh Infantry.
On 'the arrival «f the, special train at
Folsom the officers of the National Guard
and the doctors and nurses were driven
over to the prison in teams that were in
waiting. The special train also brought
up a. supply of rifles, shotguns, revolvers
and ammunition to replace the supply
stolen by the convicts In making their
escape. The, special train was then sent
to Placerville lor Company H of
the Second Regiment of the National
Guard. The boys, in khaki uniforms, ar
rived at Folsom City about 4 o'clock this
evening, and they are a fine looking lot of
fellows. They are all armed with rifles
Guard Jolly, but again Convict Case
Baved the life of the officer and forced
Seavis to desist In his plan of murder.
The experiences of the officers who had
been released were listened to with deep
interest by the guards and officials at
Folsom and it was soon realized that tlie
leaders of the desperate band consisted of
Albert Seavis, the colored convict, R. M.
Gordon and J. L. Woods. Albert ¦ Seavis
was sentenced from Sacramento for
twenty-five years for robbery; R. H. Gor
don Is under sentence of forty-five years
for robbery In Sacramento, and J. L.
Woods is serving a term for life for rob
bery committed in San Francisco.
ALARM FBOM PRISON.
Guard Jolly had two narrow escapes for
his life to-day. When the outbreak took
place in the prison yard Jolly was slashed
across the collar with a razor In the
hands of Convict Howard. Howard made
a second rush at Jolly, but he was pre
vented from killing the officer by tho In
tervention of Convict Frank Case. When
the escaping band of convicts were in the
woods beyond Mormen Island bridge, Al
bert Seavis, the colored convict, and one
of -the ringleaders of the band, told his
fellow convicts that he was going to
shoot the "top of the head of Guard Jolly
into little bits." Seavis leveled a riflj at
Shortly after Wilkinson arrived at
the prison the figures of Captain of the
Guard Murphy and Stenographer Harry
Wilkinson were seen in the distance. Cap
tain Murphy was minus his trousers and
Harry Wilkinson was attired in his un
derclothes, the convicts having forced
them to take off their outer^ garments for
their own use In evading arrest.
By 9 o'clock Captain Murphy was back
In his office, where the bloody encounter
had taken place two hours previous. The
hurried statements made by Captain Mur
phy and young Wilkinson to the Warden
showed that ' the convicts had released
fhem about half a mile beyond the bridge
leading to Mormon Island. Shortly after
Captain Murphy and young Wilkinson ar
rived at the prison they were followed by
Master Mechanic Ward and Guard Jolly.
Ward was forced to give up his clothes
by the convicts and to don prison garb,
but he was not molested.
RETURN OF WARDEN.
The Warden at once set about to bring
order out of chaos. He told the guards
that the convicts had forced the officers
they had captured to change clothes with
them, and the last the Warden saw of
the band the convicts were dressed In
guards' uniforms and the guards were at
tired In the gray-striped prison suits.
The convicts had released the Warden
and when he left them the band was
heading for Mormon Island, about a mile
from the prison in a direct line taken by
the escaping prisoners.
Half an hour after the outbreak had oc
curred the guards in the watch towers
saw the figure of Warden Wilkinson com
ing over the hill. He was without a hat
and he walked as if In great pain. Some
of the guards ran to his aid and quickly
helped him to enter the prison reserve
and reach his house.
Inside the prison all was uproar and
alarm. The hundreds of prisoners in Fol
som shouted and yelled at the top of
their voices, but they made no attempt to
break for liberty, when the remaining
guards drove them Inside the big stone
habitation for criminals. But there was
no cool head to direct affairs or do any
thing to give a general alarm or send
men to run down and pursue the mur
derers who had made their escape.
towers soon saw the escaping convicts
and the officials they had captured gu
over the brow of the hill and pass from
sight.
"Folsom Prison.— R. M. Fitzgerald-
Everything is quiet here. No necessity
for you or ,the Senator to come. The pris
oners are surrounded according' to latest
accounts. They still have several officers
with them. J, h. WILKINS "
OAKLAND, July 27.— R. M. Fitzgerald.
presid»nt of tha Board of State Prison
Directors, has received the following of
ficial dispatches from Prison Director J.
H. Wilklns. who was at Placerville at the
time of the outbreak and who went at
once to Folsom Prison and took charge
during the absence of Warden Wilkinson:
"Folsom Prison, 12:20 p. m.— R. M. Fitz
gerald: This morning while the line was
going out a desperate break was made by
the convicts. They overpowered Warden
Wilkinson, Captain Murphy and several
other officers and mortally wounded Ben
C. Cochrane and Guard Cotter. The con
victs were armed with knives. With the
officers surrounding: them so that the
guards could not. fire, they seized the
armory and armed themselves with rifles
and pistols and destroyed ai. weapons that
were not taken. Thev have gone north
with their prisoners. Warden Wilkinson,
Captain Murphy, ..Larry Wilkinson and C
H. Jolly were -released after an hour.
They still hold J. J. McDonough. overseer
and Officers T. c. Brown. G. E. Jeter, J.'
Kleneendorff, L. S. Vertrees Jr. and W.
J. Hopkins. Thirteen convicts escaped.
While excitement existed among the other
prisoners and no one remained In author
ity a general delivery was narrowly
averted. All the prisoners are now locked
up. I am taking active measures to cap
ture the fugitives. Telegraph me any in
structions you and Senator Felton think
advisable. J. H. WILKIN'S."
The second dispatch arrived »t 730 n m
and reads:
BISECTOR WTLKINS BUSY.
Member of th» State Board at Scene
of Trouble.
A portion of the National Guard regi
ment from Placerville went from that
city toward Georgetown and Auburn,
which are situated above Coloma. With
the posses from Folsom prison and the
National Guardsmen who are driving rap
idly in the trail of the convicts, It is esti
mated that the convicts will be surround
ed on all sides by daybreak. It is feared,
however, that the desperate band may
scatter in the night, which is Intensely
dark, and that the morning will find them
In all directions. Thn country in which
the convicts are to-night Is very .hilly and
rough. There is plenty of timber and
many ranches are. to be found. If the
convicts scatter or divide into twos and
threes the work 'of running them down
will be a very difficult one-
A later report, at 10:30 to-night, comes
from the Sheriff at Placerville. The Sher
iff telephenes that the stage driver who
drives between Placerville and Coloma
has just arrived at Placerville and that he
reports the band of convicts to be head-
Ing south from Pilot Hill toward Coloma,
which is : situated on the South Fork of
the American River. Messages have been
sent to the few residents at Coloma to
arm themselves and to give battle to the
desperate band of convicts.' A posse from
Placerville is heading toward Coloma and
is likely to .meet the band of convicts at
that point.
Telephone reports to-night are to the
effect that the prison posses also caught
up with the convicts at Pilot Hill at 7:30
this evening and a battle was fought at
that point. Convict Howard is reported to
have been killed by the pursuers and the
colored convict, Seavls, Is said to have
been wounded' In the leg.
Stage Driver Brown, who is attached to
the prison, and who was one of the cap
tured officers, is also reported to have
been wounded. Seavls and Driver Brown
are now reported to be dying at a small
hotel at Pilot Hill. These telephone mes
sages came to Warden Wilkinson from
Sheriff Kenna at Auburn, who received
the messages at that city by telephone
from the station at Cool.
CONVICT IS KILLED.
wagon road. Ryan fired three shots at
the convicts as they crossed the bridge,
but failed to hit any of them. In
the excitement that followed the shots
Guard Vertress dropped over a rock into
the river and made his escape by swim
ming under the bridge.
The convicts then proceeded up ' the
wagon road toward Niggtr Hill, which Is
about three-quarters of a mile from Mor
mon Island bridge. At this point they
raided a farm and looted the place for
clothing and valuables. They securfd a
four-horse team from Joe Foster, a Por
tuguese, and forced him to drive them
and their captives along the road toward
Bear Mountain, which Is seven miles
from Nigger Hill. On their way they met
a teamster, William Slotman, who had a
load of wood. They compelled the guards
to unload the wood and took Slounan's
horse's. They then stole the wagon and
team, but decided to abandon the wagon
and hitched the team of Slotman to those
they already had in their possession.
They continued on the wugon road to
Bald Mountain and on reaching the foot
of the mountain they abandoned the wag
on, road and took a straight cut across
the country toward Pilot Hill, which Is
about six miles from Bald Mountain. The
convicts were heading east with a slight
bearing toward the north and at Pilot
Hill were intercepted by a posse that had
been traveling due south from the city of
Auburn.
VIEW IN* FOLSOM PRISON WHERE MUCH OF THE TROUBLE OCCURRED
WHEN THE THIRTEEN DESPERATE CONVICTS MADE THEIR WAY
OUT OF THE PENITENTIARY WITH WARDEN AND OFFICERS.
With the key to the armory in their
possession the convicts quickly opened the
door to the room where rifles, revolvers
and ammunition were stored. Ten rifles
and fifteen revolvers were taken and a
large quantity of cartridges. Having
armed themselves, the convicts destroyed
the rifles and revolvers that they did not
need in order to hamper the men whom
they knew would soon be on their track.
With the rifles over tbelr shoulders and
with revolvers stuck Into the bosoms of
their shirts or in their trousers pockets,
the thirteen convicts marched along the
hill leading through the prison orchard.
They were right in line of fire of the
deadly Gatling guns, but the guards on
duty In the watch towers were hp*pl«*s.
With dcji despair, the guards knew
that to turn the Gatllng sruns on the
hand of escaping cutthroats meant the
death of the Innocent officers whom the
desperadoes had forced along as a shield
from the weapons to prevent escape from
the prison. The guards in the watch-
Meanwhile the band of escaped convicts
had arrived at the base of the armory
tower. There were eight guards in the
armory at the time, and they had locked
the door. A demand was made by the con
vict* that the door be opened, and If this
«rder was not complied with the despera
does threatened to blow the armory and
Its occupants to eternity. Through the
wir.dowB the guards on the inside saw
that they were powerless to prevent the
escape of the convicts or to aid Warden
Wilkinson and his associate officers.
Guard D. E. Wiley threw the key to the
armory out of the window when he saw
the convicts were getting ready to Ignite
sticks of dynamite that they had in their
hands.
While this action was in progress the
balance of the guards In the inner yard
Quickly came to a realization of what wal
eoing on, and rushed to the open gate
and locked it. Then, waving their hands
to the sentries on the watch towers, the
fruards drew toward the office of the cap.
tain, leaving 400 and more convicts in the
open space of the yard. The Gatllng guns
in the towers were trained on the Inner
prison yard. The hundreds of prisoners
rushed Into the prison proper and the
work of locking them up was at once
commenced.
As soon as the thirteen convicts were
outside the gate they ran up the narrow
lane toward the outer yard. Genera:
Overseer McDonough was caught In this
lane and added to the unwilling party ot
officers in the midst of the convict band.
The next point to be advanced upon was
the armory, situated in the base of one
of the tall stone sentry watch towers.
:-tood in the yard, the murderers marched
toward the gate, well knowing that the
presence of Warden Wilkinson and the
other officials in their midst prevented
the guards in the Eentry towe?B from
turning their rifles and Gatlir-g guns upon
them. One guard fired a shot, but as
soon as he saw that the Warden and
other officers were prisoner?, he desisted.
Walking to the prison gate of the innei
yard the bar.d of convicts arrived at the
locked gat*'. Guard James Dylan was on
the other side of the cate from the con
victs and he was called upon to open the
gate. When he hesitated the band of con
victs who had U ai <ien Wilkinson and
his officers In their power, called out that
they would kill the Warden and his com
rades unless the gate was opened. Dolan
reluctantly opened the gate and with a
yell of victory the convicts passed
through the opening, closely holding their
former guardians. Dolan was forced
along by the band.
hundreds of convicts who
Facing tht
Convicts who are reported for insubor
dination or other offenses are supposed
to fall out from the marching line and
range themselves ia front of the door of
the captain's office. Then thess offenders
are called into the office one by one. and
1 heir cases are exajnined by the Warden,
assisted by the other officials. This
morning when the 400 convicts had
marched into the yard, without the
slightest warning the break for liberty
was made. The thirteen desperadoes who
had hatched the plot suddenly fell out of
the Ior:g line of prisoners and in less than
ten seconds they had rushed into the
captain's office, brandishing knives and
razors, which they had pulled from their
peckcts.
In an instant the fight was on. Warden
Wilkinson was surrounded by the desper
ate men and one of them slashed him
fiercely across the body with a razor. Tfie
J^alar.ce of the officers in the room were
t-afcily captured. Captain of the Guard
Axurphy trjfd to escape into an inner
room, but "Big Gordon." a life-term pris
oner, Ieai>eu at him with a knife and
threatened to cut his htart out if he
moved another step.
The noire of the uproar reached the ears
of the guards who were out in the prison
>ard. Guard Cotter rushed into the cap
tain's room and bravely tried to quell
the mutiny. He brandished his heavy
club, but the odds were against him. He
was ect upon by ihe desperadoes and was
literally cut to pieces.
Guard Cochrane also rushed into the
rootn. scixrd a chair and set about to
help Cotter. He was also fearfully cut
about the entire body and only a miracle
ran pave his life. The captain's office
looked like a elaughter-house after the
murderous convict* lefi it with their for
mer guardians as captive*. Out into the
yard they went, each one holding one of
the ofheers by the arm with one hand
..y.o brandishing a knife or a razor with
the other hand.
The break for liberty too* place while
«no raen wrr* be'.r.g marched from the in
terior of the prison to the inner yard, on
their way to the quarries. The nsen were
coming out of the inner prison gate, at
which point Guard Cfcalr=crs wa? sta
tioned. The office of the captain of the
prison adjolr.s the pate s.t.6 is to its left
as ore conies from the gcte. It is the
custom of Warden Wilkinson to be In the
office of the captain of the prison as the
<-onvicts march through the gate and out
to the JriTicT yard. The Warden is gener
ally attended by Captain Murphy. Harry
Wilkinson, his grandson and stenographer.
General Overseer McDorough and one or
two other officials.
been carefully planned, and It is provi
dectial that a!l the inmates cf Folsom
Prison are not now at liberty, as for a
Time ir«e authorities were at t^e mercy of
the convicts and not even a lock or a bar
s^tood between the men who were incar
cerated in the prison and Iibert7.
"Th* facts will all be brought out at the
Investigation which will be held, but I
shall not call a meeting of the board until
the men who are In the hands #f the fugi
tives are released^ , Their testimony Is of
the greatest importance, and I would not
think of ordering an investigation until
they can be present, unless, as is possible,
they lose their lives at the hands of the
fugitive convicts.'* .
"I see in the reports which have been
published it is said that the convicts were
armed with knives made from flies. How
they succeeded In making these weapons
without being seen by some of the short
term men is a puzzle. The fact that they
did bo proves that either an unusual
amount of secrecy, was observed by the
convicts, or some one was culpably negli
"The fact is" that such a prison deliv
ery could never have been successfully
carried out if the prison had been sur
rounded by a wall as it should be. Ever
since I have been on the board I have
continually agitated the need of such a
wall, which can be erected at compara
tively small expense to the State. All
that the State needs to supply is the
"tools and the cement. We have the labor
and granite to build a wall which would
render the escape of prisoners impossible,
even though all the, convicts in the insti
tution should mutiny and murder every
officer in charge; They would still be in
side the wall and under cover of the gat
ling guns in the towers, and the rifles of
the guards, whom it would be absolutely
Impossible for them to reach.
"The problem which must be solved first
of all Is how to recapture the escaped
convicts without sacrificing the lives of
the free men whom they hold as hostages.
There Is no doubt that they will all be
killed or captured sooner or later, but if
they are cornered they may kill every
one of their prisoners before being over
come. It is" possible that they may sepa
rate to-night, and' if they do they will
have to release the captives. If they keep
together their capture is certain, but it
may cost the live* of the officers, and this
must be avoided if possible."
When asked about the rumor that War
den Wilkinson may Have ordered the
guards in the tower not to</lre on the es
caping convicts. Mr. Fitzgerald said:
"The Warden was in a very trying po
sition. He had not only his own life to
think of, but the lives of the other men
In the hands of the convicts, amonj
whom was his own grandson. Had he
ordered the guards to open flre he prob
ably would have been killed on the spot,
and the rest of the» hostages with him.
And it may be that the guards themselves
feared that if they fired on the escaping
convicts the public would condemn them
for sacrificing the lives of nearly a dozen
free men to prevent the escape of thirteen
prisoners when there was a possibility of
recapturing them later without endanger
ing the lives of the prison officers.
"It Is very easy -to »«« how such a
thing might be prevented after It has
taken place, but at present I do not know
where to place the blame. It is hard to
understand how the officers could be taken
unaware-i and made prisoners, but it Is
even mere remarkable that not a bint of
the plot reached the ears of the officials
of the srisoti.'
place the responsibility for the
break at this time, as I know nothing
more of what has occurred other than has
been told In the dispatches from the
prison. I received a telegram from Com
missioner Wllklns. who is now in charge,
at 7:30 o'clock this evening, saying that
everything was quiet at the prison, and
the prisoners who escaped are practically
surrounded.
OAKLAND. July 27.-R. M. Flts
gerald. president of the State
Board of Prison Commissioners,
said: "It would be Impossible to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Continued From Page l,Cols. 5 and 6.
State Guardsmen
Quickly Arm
in Towns.
Escape Made Pos*
sible by False
Economy.
Guns Are Silent
During the
Tumult.
Deplores Lack of
a JJJall at
Prison.
Gate Is Opened
for Murder*
ous Crew.
Fitzgerald Will
Order an In*
vestigation.
JACRAMENTO, July 27.—
Governor Pardee has au
thorized the offering of $100
each for the arrest of the. convicts
who escaped from Folsom prison
to-day. The State Prison Coin^
missioners have a standing offei
of $50 each for the arrest of es
caping prisoners, so this makes a
total of $150 each for the men at
large. It is not believed that any
of the fugitives will be taken
alive, and the fact that valuable
lives may be sacrificed in the pur
suit is deplored.
PURSUING OFFICERS STOP THE ENRAGED FUGITIVES
AND ONE CONVICT IS KILLED IN TERRIBLE COMBAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
Jk TEVADA, July 27.— Captain Bost of Company C, Second
jf.V Regiment, .. National Guard of California, received in
structions from the capital this afternoon to have his men
ready at 5 o'clock this evening to take the trail of the escaped
convicts from Folsom. During the afternoon couriers were
kept busy going to the different mines hereabouts, and by 5
o'clock, with one exception, every member of the company, sixty
five strong, was present with arms, forty rounds of< ammunition
and in full, marching uniform. At 5 o'clock orders came to
keep the soldiers at the barracks in readiness to go to the front.
Since that time a special,train has been kept waiting to start at a
moment's notice. The members of the company are hardy moun
taineers, most of them miners arid good marksmen, and they are
eager for the summons to join in the pursuit of the convicts.
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
A WOMAN'S RISK
As a trapeze performer is greater than a
man's. She must have a man's courage
and a man's muscle to succeed. But
she must also work under conditions of
which a man knows nothing. Man)
an accident to women acrobats must
be attributed / j
to the sudden Lmmm
weakness to
women are a//
the womanly* fi ; «i\i\\fitl
diseases which IpBL
ness. It estab- K^^^B^^l
and ulceration, w
and cures female weakness. It make*-.
weak women strong and sick women
well.
« With pleasure I write to-day in praise of D*.
pierce aaa his medicines," mjs Mrs. Mary Con-
way, of Appleton, Lawrence Co.. Tenn. "Was
troubled with female disease; the back of my
head hurt me so I could not lie ia bed and I
would have to sit up, and then I would h*v«
tuch pains from my waist down I could tcarcehr.
raise up. My feet and hands would feel almost
like ice. Since taking Dr. Pierce'a Ft*orit<»
Prescription I can sleep well all night. Could
hardly drag around before I took your medi-
cine, and now can do my houseworx and help
my husband in the field. Words cannot exproa 1
the thanks I owe to Dr. Pierce."
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr.' Pi«xe, by letter, /rr*. All
correspondence is held as strictly private
end sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce'a Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing more than a thou-
sand large pages, is sent free on receip*
of stamps to pay expense of mailing*
only. Send 31 one-cent stamps for the!
cloth-bound* volume, or only 21 stamps
for the book in paper covers. Address
Dr. R. V. Fierce, Buffalo, N. Y,CONVICTS WHO BATTLED WITH THE WARDEN ' AND OFFICERS
OF FOLSOM PRISON AND ESCAPED, TAKING WITH THEM SEV
ERAL OF THE AUTHORITIES OF THE INSTITUTION.
the direction of the Mormon Island
bridge.
"A convict armed with a rifle walked on
either side of . me. They told me they
meant no harm to me, and their treat
ment of me was overconsiderate. They
joined the other conspirators, however, in
declaring that if any member of, the par
ty were killed they would retaliate by
taking the life of one | of us. After we
had gone some distance they released me,
after taking my hat, and I came back to
the, prison. Captain Murphy soon, after
followed, dressed . In his underwear, I the
convicts having taken his trousers. Harry
¦Wilklnson's clothes were entirely removed
CRIME THEIR BUSINESS.
Men in the Conspiracy Are Adepts at
Lawbreakingr
J. Theron, who was sent to prison from
San Francisco, was convicted, together
with Convicts Winrow and Barker, of en
tering a grocery in the Western Ad
dition about four years ago. After beat
ing the, proprietor nearly to death they
took all the money they could secure. All
three were given life terms.
E. Davis is a half-breed Indian from
Sacnynento County, who has borne a
hard reputation since boyhood. He was
convicted of robbery In San Francisco and
sentenced. to thirty-three years. He has
a half brother named Price, .who is serv
ing, time . in Folsom. Davis knows the
country ; thoroughly and for that reason
from him. He was given In exchange a
convict suit, which he was obliged to
wear back \ to the prison. The escaping
convicts ¦ proceeded toward the Mormon
Island bridge with the other officers and
guards, whom they were holding prisoners
as they had ourselves'.
"As soon as I got back to the prison
I' had the wounded men take to my
residence • and^ made as comfortable as
possible. I Immediately sent for special
surgeons and trained nurses to Sacra
mento and they came by special train to
be of. some benefit to the sufferers. I do
not know, who my assailant In the cap
tain's office ¦ was, as he came up from
behind." -
LIST OF THE ESCAPED CONVICTS.
; f« ACRAMENTO, ; July : 27.— :The corrected J list of the prisoners who escaped follows :
_j '. Michael Miller of Fresno, H.Eldridge of Alameda, J.Theron of San Francisco, Fred
Howard of San Francisco, J.H. Wood of San Francisco, E.Davis, of .-San Francisco, J. J.
Allison of San Joaquin County, J. Murphy of Contra Costa County, A.iSeavis of Sacramento,
J. Roberts of San Francisco, Ray, FaHey ; of Sacramento, S. -J. Case .of Los. Angeles, R. M. Gor
don of Sacramento.' .. • ;- .
-•• V : - . \ The localities given are those from ; which .the men . were sent , to - Folsom.
• SHANGHAI, July 27. — An extraordinary
rainfall ' • has , Inundated Chef u, resulting In
enormous loss 'of life and property In the na
tive city and heavy damage to the foreign set
tlement.- . • • :-::¦¦¦'- -¦ V :-- \* ,;.~ ¦
MILLER'S FRESNO CRIME.
Leader . in Outbreak Was Recently
.' Engaged in Burglary.
FRESNO, July 27.— Frank Miller, one of
the .. leaders j In the convict outbreak at
Folsom this morning, was sentenced from
Fresno In April last to twelve years In
the penitentiary for robbing- the stores
of Louis Einstein & Co., last Janu
ary. ' The burglary was one of the most
clever ever perpetrated here, the thieves
getting ; away with over J2000 worth of
silks. . ¦'¦¦;.}. ¦'¦'.
Several .weeks later, Miller, with Louis
Rosenberg, Thomas Rlordah and Walter
Perry, was captured In San Francisco,
the detecUves i breaking in when the
thieves had all the plunder spread before
them. Most of the marks of Identifica
tion had been effaced, but In their haste
the burglars had missed erasing Ein
stein's brand on a couple of bolts of silk.
Thus : the goods were Identified.
Rosenberg almost escaped from the
county jail here, sawing his way through
the bars, in a closet and picking out the
bricks behind. He was at the task sev
eral weeks, but was detected when within
half an hour of liberty. Afterward he
turned -State's evidence and gave the tes
timony that sent hi3 companions to 'the
penitentiary.-'
.Miller Is a. Swede. He. Is of fair com
plexion* with blue eyes and light brown
hair.;. '¦ He Is * 26 - years old. five feet five
Inches - in : height , and weighs 140 pounds.
He was .not" regarded as the ringleader
of the burglary, being a quiet mild-man
nered fellow 1 who gave no trouble at the
jail. .While here before the burglary. he
frequented 1 the worst resorts ! and kept
company^ with .crooks constantly.
will prove valuable to the convicts as a
guide. - .
R, M.- Gordon was sent up from Sacra
mento for robbery and given thirty-three
years. He formerly served time in Jollet
(111.) penltentiairy. from which place he
made his escape. Advices from the of
ficials-of that institution say he is an ex
tremely dangerous man and a confirmed
criminal.
Ray. Fahey was sentenced for life from
Sacramento. Together with another man
he held. up a saloon there and robbed a
number • of customers and also a police
man who happened. in during the hold-up.
He was pursued and took refuge In a
doorway and exchanged' several shots
with his pursuers before he surrendered.
GRAND JURY ADJOURNS
AFTER SHORT SESSION
The members of the Grand. Jury held
their final meeting yesterday afternoon.
They conferred but a few minutes, when
they proceeded into Judge Murasky's
court, where in the form of a supple
mental report they filed an Indictment In
the cases of Connig and Wllkie, placing
the defendants under $2900 bonds, and then
asked that they be dismissed.
In dismissing the Grand Jury Judge
MuraEky made a short address. In which
he thanked and praised the members for
the efficient work they had performed,
raying that at no time had he ever found
a more faithful,* conscientious and stead
fast body of men selected, to perform the
Cutlcs of the State.
only the death of the officers, as well as
of the escaping convicts. - The conspira
tors forced us to the prison gate. They
overcame Gatekeeper Chalmers, who re
ceived an ugly cut In the hand, and
marched us out of the gate. They headed
for Armory Post, where the reserve.sup
ply of weapons and ammunition is kept.
The guard who has the keys of the ar
mory was seen approaching. He raised
his rifle, but he was also overpowered and
obliged to return to the armory, open the
door and permit the taking therefrom of
enough rifles and revolvers thoroughly to
arm the escaping convicts and then the
march began across the prison farm In
RECEIVES FATAL INJURIES
BY JUMPING FROM ELEVATOR
J. A. Tyler, residing at E21 Twentieth
elrcet. Oakland, and employed as a de
livcrj-man for the Empire Milling Com
pany, was fatally Injured yesterday af
ternoon by jumping from an elevator at
S16 Townsend street, this city.
He had placed some goods on the eleva
tor and got on to accompany them up
ctairs. He became panic stricken at the
second ficor, thinking the elevator was
poing through the roof, and leaped off.
He was caught between the floor of the
¦elevator and the celling and dropped two
stories.
At the Central Emergency Hospital It
was found that Davis had sustained frac
tures cf seven ribs and one thigh bone,
in addition to several internal injuries.
Dr. Harvey, who treated him, says he
will probably die.
BBITT AND O'KEEFE BEADY
FOB THEIB THIRD FIGHT
Lightweight Boxers to Battle Next
Friday Night Before San Fran
cisco Athletic Club.
flmrny Britt is favorite over Jack
.O'Keefe. The betting Is 10 to 8, with the
local boy on the long end. They will come
topcther for the third time in Mechanics'
Pavilion next Friday night. Britt is down
to weight and O'Keefe has been a trifle
under 135 >pounds for the last three days.
Neither man has let up in his training,
although both have cut out boxing. Britt
Fays his hand, which he injured on
O'Kwfo's hard head in Butte, Mont., a
month apo. has roundr-d in?o shape and
ho is punching hard with It.
Jimmy has been working with Corbett
over at Croll's. He goes out each morn
ing with Jim and the pair do many miles
over the road. Jimmy looks upon O'Keefe
cs a dangerous man and has trained
faithfully for him. Britt is anxious to
p how his friends that he is worthy of their
praise and he intends to demonstrate next
Friday night that he is O'Keefes master
in all points of the game.
Those who have seen O'Kecfe at work at
Sbeehan's have come away with a high
opinion of the Chicago boy. AI Smith,
manager of the visiting boxer, is ready to
wager a large sum of money on his man.
Al has had lots of experience with fight
ers and he thinks O'Keefe is a good one.
There will be two good preliminaries and
Eddie Smith will be referee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JjACRAMENTO. July 27.— A deter
mined effort was made to assassin
ate Warden Wilkinson. One of the
conspirators came up behind him in
the office of the Captain of the
Guard, and drew a razor across his ab
domen. There can be no question \hat it
was his design to disembowel the War
den, as was done with Guard William
Cotter. The Warden wore a white vest
of a heavy ribbed material which resisted
the keen blade, but this vest was cut
across his abdomen, as was also the
woolen coat which he wore.
The Warden made Hght of his experi
ence and would not believe he was
wounded until several hours afterward,
when he was Induced to remove his cloth
ing so as to enable an examination to be
made. It was then seen that the razor
had cut slightly into his flesh, but not
deeply enough to cause serious injury.
The Warden's wounds were dressed and
he said they gave him no pain. Warden
Wilkinson gave the following version of
his thrilling experience:
"A bout, 6:45 o'clock this morning I left
my residence to go up to the prison proper
and see the convicts at breakfast. This
is my regular practice, aifd on the occa
sion of these visits I never go armed
even with so much as a walking stick.
After seeing the men at their breakfast I
walked back into the captain's office near
the entrance. It is my habit to wait there
until all the men have come .from their
breakfast, and if any have misbehaved
we hold a sort of court there and decide
upon what punishment shall be meted out
to the offenders.
ATTACK BY HOB.
"I was thus sitting in the office with
Captain R. J. Murphy, my rrandson,
Harry Wilkinson, and several others, all
unarmed like myself, when seven or
eight convicts rushed in armed with
knives and razors, and started In to
overpower us and they -were quickly
Joined by half a dozen other convicts, so
that In my judgment there were about
fourteen in all. The convicts slashed
right and left with their knives and
razors and soon blood was flowing in all
directions. I saw that it was no use to
put up a fight— that if we fought back, un
armed as we were, we would have been
slain on the spot. The convicts overcame
Murphy and myself and several other of
ficers in the room.
"I was conscious of some one among the
number coming up behind me and, reach-
Ing down with his knife or razor, seek to
cut open my abdomen, and you can see
the silt of the knife. It was an ugly
thrust, but it did not do me any injury.
P. J. Cochrane, the turnkey, came Into
the office in the midst of the trouble and
he pitched Into the convicts with his cane,
brandishing it right and left, but he was
overmatched and was stabbed and cut' in
a frightful manner, and it was in this des
perate encounter, that poor William Cot
ter, the guard, received the wounds that
resulted In his death. The convicts, armed
with their knives, forced us to accompany
them out of the room. Some ' of ! the
guards who man the Gatling guns in the
turrets heard and saw the confusion and
one or two shots were fired by them."
"I gave the signal . to - them, however,
not to fire at us, for I knew It could mean
Vest Saves Life
of Fortunate
Warden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. July rr.— The -courage and
determination of Deputy Constable Van
Horn alone prevented Ed Fidler being
lynched by a mob of Indignant citizens
!a«t night at Sisson. and although Fidler
is now safely behind the bars of the Sis
«on jail, there is nothing certain about his
not after all becoming the victim of mob
violence. Fidler drank heavily Sunday
evening, staggered Into the front door of
his house, went Into the bedroom where
his wife was, locked the door behind him,
and attacked his wife, beating her in a
most brutal and Inhuman manner. He
had a large knife and was attempting to
tse it on his unconscious victim when she
was rescued.
The eldest daughter gave the alarm.
Deputy Constable Van Horn hastened to
the scene. He could hear the racket be
ins' made by Fidler and the groans and
sobs cf his victim. He broke down the
door and entered as Fidler was in the act
of using )iis knife. Van Horn grappled
with Fldior and after a short f.pht hand
cuffed him and took h!m to the jail.
A large crowd pat he re \ about the jail
and declared their intentions of hanging
Fidler to the nearest tree. They sent for
a rope and attempted to compel Van Horn
to surrender the keys to the lock-up. He
Jjravoly stood his ground, faced the mob
and refused to give then his prisoner. A
few cool heads in th< : crowd finally per
suaded the would-be lynchers to leave
and Fifiler was !cft to the mercy of the
law.
• Indignation is running high and it is
certain that if he is not given the full ex
tent of the law the people will allow no
interference in the next attempt to take
the law Into their own hands. They de
clare that Fidler shall suffer for his
<;rime. Mrs. Fidler was taken in charge
by neighbors and is being cared for. She
will recover.
Fldl*»r is an old offender. June %. 1902, he
lived with his family near Kennct. In this
county. He sot drunk and at that time
tried to kill his wife and ?-year-old daugh
ter. He cut a gash In his daughters
throat, but she escaped and ran to Kennet
and pave an alarm. Men rushed to Fid
ler's home and arrived in time to prevent
him killing his ¦wife. A mob at that time
took him to a hill near by and came very
near lynching him. Three months ago
Fidler stabbed a man at Etna. Eiskiyou
County, and was acquitted out of sym
pathy for his wife and family. He has en
several occasion served terms In Jail for
¦wife-beating.
if the Culprit Is Not Punished Speed
ily and Severely the People
Say They Will
Act. .
Only Law Officer's Deter
mined Stand Prevents
Hanging.
Citizens of Sisson De
; mand Prisoner From
Constable. >
MOB TRIES
TO LYNCH A
WIFE-BEATER
GRAVE SITUATION
ON THE ISTHMUS
United States Consul
Reports the Panama
Affair.
American Marines May Land
at Colon and Go to the
Scene by Rail.
An opinion expressed outside of the Co
lombian legation concerning the affairs at
Panama is to the effect that the Govern
ment at Bogota had determined to obtain
a firm hold upon the Isthmus In view of
the rumors of a feeling of unrest there
due to the uncertainty as to the fate of
the treaty.
Dr. Herran. the Colombian Charge. d'Af
falres here,, has received no official Infor
mation from" his Government regardlnff
the troubles at Panama, and was not pre
pared to-day to express an opinion as to
the situation there. But with reference
to the report from Bogota, that the Co
lombian Congress was discussing the sub
ject of mints and the adoption of the gold
standard he said : t
The establishment of mints and to» adoption
of the gold standard did not appear among
tho subjects mentioned by President ~Marro
quln In convening Congress in extraordinary
s»»s!cn. and 1 am at a loss to> understand
why they should be taken up. In fact, there
are already thirteen mints in Colombia.
Acting Secretary Loomis has decided to
await further advices before taking ac
tion. The navy is weak on the Pacific
side at this moment, owing to the absence
of the Paclflo squadron in Alaskan wa
ters, but In case of need either the Ban
croft or the Panther could be speedily
dispatched to Colon and a detachment of,
marines sent by rail to Panama.
Another dispatch to-day from Gudger
says the Governorship, had been ten
dered, but It Is not known to whom. It Is
added that the situation Is grave.
Gudger further reported that the trouble
arose because of the failure of the Gov
ernor to pay the national troops. Troops
were withdrawn at 2 o'clock this morn-
Ing.
Last night soldiers headed by th» commander
In chief searched th» Governor's houeo. Tb«
Governor escaped, tried to> reach the consulat*.
but was Intercepted. Took refugo at the houia
of an American. Streets lined -with soldiers.
Arrestea Secretary of State and departmental
employes. Department has money.
WASHINGTON". July 27.— Consul Gen
eral Gudger at Panama has made tho
following report to the State Department
of the episode In that city:
On Friday evening Mrs. Ebelt left home
ostensibly to go to work for a family
about a mile from her home. Her hus
band left the house, saying he would ac
company her to her destination. Two
hours later Ebelt returned alone. Mrs.
Ebelt never reached her destination.
MOUNT VERNON, N. T.. July 27.—
Martin Ebelt, also known as Schaefer.
the husband of the young woman whose
body was found in a sewer on the out
skirts of the city, where It had been
thrown after she had been strangled to
death, was brought to Mount Vernon this
afternoon by Chief of Police Foley from
White Plains, where he was arrested.
His arrest followed the identification of
the body of his wife by her stepfather.
Ebelt is a lineman and was at work when
arrested.
Arrest Follows Identification of
Woman's Body Found in
a Sewer.
HUSBAND SUSPECTED
OF BRUTAL MURDEB
"William Gennett, who resides at 1573
Geary street, and who has been working
on the Grand Army of the Republic arch
now being erected at Third and Market
streets, suffered a severe shock last night
by coming In contact with a trolley wire.
He was handling the trolley wire and his
ear touched a steel guy-rope. This com
pleted the circuit and he was knocked
insensible. Gennett was taken to the
Emergency Hospital and treated by Dr.
Millar. His hand Is badly burned and
he will be confined to his bed for a few
days,
Shocked by Live Wire.
BLOOMIXGTON. III.. July 27. — Announce
ment Is made by th« executive council of Mod
ern Woodmen of America that Lieutenant
Governor W. A. Xorthcott has been appointed
past head consul at a salary of $4000 a year.
CAPTURED GUARDS MAY SUFFER DEATH AT HANDS
OF THE INFURIATED OUTLAWS BEFORE THE RESCUE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENT?
KELLER'S
Half-Price Sale.
\a . I LADIES*
$} •j£S TAILOR IMG
iB^SSff* OFFER.
Jv^5o«l2 For a few
V £i£K^*s*ji ' days we will
inzkz to order
b"T*' *H£ W* one of bur
• R'\ J \ TC&dzt $50.00
J V [ ?/) Suits for
lArlwl/ $37.50. o u r
k •jtSsgHy new fall goods
• i^y "? "r-Jf are on the way
v 5fi ' r* I an( * we must
* flf ' '1 make room for
Ir ' >: I them.
/ 1.« ¦ I In this offer
/ > 1 • we ctxt t * ie
/, J d .'1 price of the
y/H "• \ materia 1 —
y*V / : 1 which is $23.00
SY/ ./' I 1 — to one-half.
Vl^ 7 ; 3 • 1,3 s leaving
Vi^B ;jj price to you
$37.50.
The suitings used will be Tweeds, in
Brown and Gray mixtures, neat stripes
and plain colors.
Ladies, this is an opportunity to save
money that you ought to appreciate.
102S-1030 MARKET STREET, '
San Francisco.
"57-1*59 WASHINGTON STREET,
- - . . OaklandBy putting aside their weekly pence the
school children of Atlanta, Ga.. have
saved enough to purchase an elephant for
the local zoo. .
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
ADVERTISING— J. A. B., Mill Valley,
Cal. The matter of license for carrying
on the business of advertising and putting
up advertising signs along places on
county roads, etc.. is regulated by each
county, and not by the State. To obtain
the information desired you will have to
address a communication to the County
Cierk of each county in the State except
San Francisco. In the last named place
the Information is to be obtained from the
license department, City Hall.
AT'Mr. Bryan's Chicago meeting Mayor Hai<
rison was formally nominated for the Presi
dency. The Chronicle, the only Democratic
paper in that city, calls him "the mushy Mayor" and
proceeds to prove that the procession in honor/' of
Mr. Eryan was made up of city employes who serve
under the mushy. Mayor. The Chronicle also calls
attention to the present 'condition of Chicago, in the
hands of mobs, which have already done one murder
and threaten more, while the mushy Mayor looks
on, because to run with the mob may make votes
when they are needed.
From this icy reception of the new candidate by
his party organ one may conclude that his prospects
are not brilliant. But this conclusion is probably
incorrect, since trie people upon whom the mushy
Mayor relies donot read the paper, and if they did
would not comprehend the motives to which it ap
peals. Therefore we are justified in saying that the
mushy Mayor stands a chance, and Mr. William
Randolph Hearst - should proceed to repair his
fences. . \:< '-,:.'.. .. . ,
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
CANDIDATE HARRISON
The Crescent City Express No. 8,
leaving the ferry station 10 a. m.< as
well as the Pacific Coast Express No. 7
arriving Third and Townsend 1:30 p. m
will not hereafter run east of El Paso.
/ : — • ¦
Notice to Passengers.
SHOT WHILE FLEEING— C. City.
The person asked about was Patrick Cof
fey. or Coffee, who was. arrested Sep
tember 16. 1876. on an accusation of hav
ing stolen property from the Miners'
Foundry, on First street.. He was taken
to the foundry for identification, when
he suddenly sJIpped out of the premises
and was followed by an officer named
Walte, who called on him to stop and,
falling to do so, a shot was fired and it
struck Coffey, causing his death. /
Insolvent Merchant.
A petition in insolvency was filed in the
United "States District Court yesterday by
Thomas M. Sullivan, merchant, of San
Francisco: liabilities. S30.M2; no assets.
The principal creditors are Julia Fra
tinger $6799: Elizabeth R. Sullivan, now
Mra R Lillis. $37,422. and the First Na
tional Bank of San Francisco. $2103.
"Women are employed on the gerdenins
staff at Kew Gardens. England, on con
dition tr.at they work in male attire. A
young woman Is in charge of the her
baceous and Alpine plant •teparrnunt at
the present time. The women gardeners
go throuch a two years 1 course of stuOy
DOUBLE PEDRO-S.. Redwood City,
Cal. "In a game of double pedro." writes
this correspondent. "A and partner have
3 to go, B and partner have 6 to go; B
gives 7. A gives 8: A and partner get
high. low. jack tnd left pedro; B and
partner get game and right pedro. Which
wins the game?" The answer Is: B and
partner win. Rfght pedro counts before
left redro.
FROM the Bureau of Statistics of the Depart
ment of Commerce there has just been issued a
bulletin showing the trade of the last fiscal
year with our colonial possessions. It is to be noted,
however, that the department does not speak of them
as "possessions," nor as "colonies," but as "the non
contiguous territory of the United States." The fig
ures show that down to the close of May the trade for
the eleven months amounted to $86,581,026, and it is
estimated that when the June trade is added the
total for the year will not fall far short of
$100,000,000.
Of the trade of the eleven months for which com
plete figures are given the imports were something
more than $53,000,000, and the exports of merchan
dise $33,080,779. Of the exports it is said a little over
$11,000,000 went to Porto Rico, $10,000,000 to the
Hawaiian Islands, $8,000,000 to Alaska, a little over
$3,500,000 to the Philippines, and nearly $100,000
worth to Guam and-Tutuila. Of the $55,000,000 of
merchandise received from the non-contiguous terri
tory during the eleven months nearly $22,000,000
worth 1 came from the Hawaiian Islands, $11,000,000
from the Philippines, $10,500,000 from Porto Rico
and $10,000,000 from Alaska. This $10,000,000 re
ceived from Alaska is merchandise and does not in
clude the gold .received from that Territory, which
amounted in the eleven months to $4,540,677.
The articles of import cover a wide variety of
products, but are mainly raw material.. The principal
items with their respective values are thus stated:
"From the Hawaiian Islands— Sugar amounted to
$21,000,000 in value; coffee, $225,029; hides and skins,
$69,171; and fruits and nuts, $67,510. From Porto
Rico— Sugar. $6,997,644; tobacco and manufactures
thereof. $1,813,642 (of which $1,681,608 is- cigars);
coffee. $712,090; and fruits and nuts, $281,842. From
the Philippine Islands— Manila hemp, $10,668,657;
sugar, $270729; tobacco and cigars. $56,732. Fcom
SALT LAKE, July 27.— The Deseret
News to-night says: It is stated on strong
authority that in the very near future the
Utah Fuel Company, recently organized
and embracing the Pleasant Valley Coal
and other companies recognized as apper
taining to the Denver and Rio Grande,
will be merged into and become a part of
the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company. It
Is reported also that the consolidation
will be made largely on the recommenda
tion to George Gould of Mr. McClement,
who was elected president of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron company to succeed J. C
ogooci. "JlMffyMfflCTf IV il
To Absorb Utah Fuel Company.
COLONIAL TRADE
MARINE BANDS-N., Hanford. Cal.
An individual desiring to join a United
States marine band must make applica
tion at a naval rendezvous. Applications
for good musicians are always received.
There is a naval rendezvous in San Fran
cisco. "¦":,•
The stockholders of the Western Pacific
Railroad Company met. yesterday and
formally authorized the directors of the
corporation to issue $50,000,000 worth of 5
per cent bonds, redeemable in thirty
years.
Attorney Bartnett. representing the com
pany, in whose offices the meeting was
held, stated that no further Information
icgarding the company's movements was
to be given out further than that it has
fourteen surveying parties at work in
California. Nevada and Utah mapping out
a route from 3an Francisco to Salt Lake.
Western Pacific Needs Fifty Million
Dollars for Construction of
Road to Salt Lake.
STOCKHOLDERS RATIFY
ISSUANCE OF BONDS
MINING-A. M., Oakland. Cal; Any
first class dealer in books can supply you
with books on mining and from such you
can obtain considerable knowledge on the
subject. Practical knowledge may be ob
tained by taking lessons from some com
petent assayer.
Wfien Virginia proposed to contribute a statue of
Robert E. Lee as one of her representatives in the
National Hall of Statuary at the Capitol great objec
tion was made, but now that Georgia proposes to
contribute to the same hall a statue of Alexander H.
Stephens not the slightest criticism of the suggestion
is heard. Evidently the opponents of the Lee statue
have either not heard of the Stephens proposition or
else they have become so tired of the subject they
have decided to quit and take a rest. .
SACRAMENTO, July 27.— At to-day's!
session of the Grand Stamm, Independent
Order of Red Men (German order) the
following officers were elected: Grand
chief. John Wunder of Sacramento Stamm
124; grand chief, H. Schulz of .Pacific
Stamm 66: grand by-chief, H. Grleb of
California Stamm 70: grand chaplain, P.
H. Schrelber of Schiller Stamm 275; gr'andi
secretary. M. Feutscher of Golden Gate*
Stamm 74; grand treasure^, P. Schneider
of Sacramento Stamm 124; grand trustees,
R. Landmann of Hermann Stamm 224, D.
Cohn of Pacific Stamm 66 and H. Adam!
of Pacific Stamm 66.
Red Men Elect Officers.
PRECINCT LOCATION-C. L. N..
Fresno. Cal. The south side of Turk
street between Jones and Leavenworth,
San Francisco, is in the First Precinct
of the Forty-fifth Assembly District.
Twenty-fourth Senatorial and Fourth
Congressional District.
WASHINGTON. July 27. —Arrivals at the
hotels: At the Raleigh— M. K. Young, Los
Angeles; Dr. W. H. Stiles, San Bernar
dino; Fred F. Thomas. San Jose. At the
Metropolitan— David S. Barrymore and
Susanne MacAuley, Los Angeles.
Californians in Washington.
WORK AT HOME— D. D., Truckee. Cal.
There are some firms that employ women
to do writing at home, but, as a rule, the
work is usually given to some one known
to the house wishing the work done. The
way to secure such work Is to advertise
In The Call.
A NEW YORK ADDRESS— I. B. W..
Copperopolls. Cal. To obtain the address
of an oculist in New York City, if there
is not a New York directory in your
vicinity address a letter of inquiry to the
New York City Directory, New York,
N. Y.
First Assistant United States Attorney
Banning was allowed two days In which
to file an answering brief.
W. K. Cole, cashier of the United States
Mint in this city, filed yesterday In tho
United States Circuit Court a demurrer to
the complaint of the United States j of
America against him and his bondsman,
the Fidelity and Deposit Company, to re
cover $30,000 alleged to have been stolen
from the Mint by Walter M. Dimmick
while in the charge of Cole. -»
Cole contends that the only perWns
mentioned in the United States Revised
Statutes as being officers of the Mint in
this city are the Superintendent, the As
sayer, the Melter and Refiner and th«
Coiner, and that there Is no provision in
law for the Superintendent placing money
in the hands of any but the officers
named.
CASHIER COLE DENIES
RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS
Alleges Superintendent Leach Had
No Lawful Authority to En
trust Him With Coin.
MANUSCRIPT-L,. L. C. Alameda. Cal.
Manuscript to be sent to a publisher
should be written on" one side of paper
eight by seven inches, preferably type
written, and should be sent to the pub
lisher flat, rot rolled.-' 'V. :
From Los Angeles— J. J. Haggarty. E.
E. Crandall, H. Goldberg, at the Herald
Square; G.H. Clark, T. H. McConnell. W.
H. McConnell, at the St. Denis; C. A. Du
common, at the Manhattan; H. Eveland
and wife, at the Grenoble; H. Gold
schmldt, at the Marlborough; P. Kehl. at
the Criterion; J. T. McCarey, at the Na
varre.
From San Francisco— Mrs. E. Dole,
Miss A. Gallagher, J. Nunan, J. F.iNu
nan, at the New/Amsterdam; N. R. Arter.
J. H. Cadogan. J. E. Field, at the Herald
Square; J. W. Cuthbert, at the Earllng
ton; Mrs. H. W.' Fortesque, at the Na
varre; J. C. Goodwin, H. Lochman, J. Mc-
Donald, J. C. Pelton, at the Imperial; B.
R. Hecht, C. Quinn and wife, at the Man
hattan; A. C. Kohler. at the Broadway
Central; MIbs W. Mackey. at the Victoria;
W. Robinson, at the Gregorian; S. Rosen
blum. at the Astor; Mrs. E. Ross, at the
St. Denis; M. Taylor, at the Criterion; H.
G. Walker, at the Bartholdi.
NEW YORK, July 27.-CalIfornians in
New .York: •
Californiana in New York.
GEOLOGICAL . REPORTS— Mrs. S..
Westfall, Or. For geological reports and
maps address a communication to United
States Geological Survey, Washington,
D. C
MINERAL— H. S. K. r City. Before this
department can answer youif query you
will hav« to be more explicit as to the
mineral you wish to know about.
THE NAVY-J. W.. City. The term of
enlistment to the United Staes navy was
increased In- July, 1902.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MORE or less opposition to the establishment
and maintenance of forestry reserves . has
been manifest ever since the policy of re
serving forest land here and there where needed for
the public good was adopted by the Government. As
a rule, however, the opposition has come only from
persons without official station, and in most" cases
from individuals having no more than a local . in
fluence. It is therefore a matter of some moment
when the Governor of Wyoming makes a public pro
test against the forest reserves in that State. It. is
a sign thst the opponents of the policy are becoming
formidable and feel themselves strong enough to
make an open fight.
It is of course not'surprising *hat there should be
some opposition. The old saying, "It is .an ill wind
that blows good to nobody," is of universal appli
cation. There has never been an evil among men
that did not benefit some one and around which there
did not grow up considerable class interests. So
long as the Government made no attempt to pre
serve its forests in any part of the country, and men
were free to waste them as their interests or their
carelessness prompted, it became a custom for a good
many men to make free use of them and to reap a
profit from them. The adoption of the policy of re
serving and protecting some of the vast forest domain
of the Government interferes with that custom and
engenders antagonism. Naturally enough as the pol
icy of reservation has been extended the opposition
has been increased, and now it shows itself in high
official circles.
The Governor of Wyoming is reported to have
based his objection to the system mainly upon the
fact that it excludes the grazing of sheep on 'the
reservations in that State. He is quoted as saying
that the right of grazing on the foothills and in the
parks on the slopes of the mountains is absolutely
necessary to the sheep industry, and he insists that
the Government should restore that privilege to the
herders. It happens, however, that experience has
shown that sheep are more injurious to a forest than
anything else short of fire. To open the forest re
serves to sheep in unlimited numbers and at the will
of any one who chooses to drive them there would
be to nullify the whole forest policy.
Moreover, the assertion that the* free use of the
forests is necessary to the sheep-grazing industry is
not strictly accurate. If a proper system of con
serving the grazing lands were adopted by the Goy
crnment, and the sheep and the cattle men were
given inducements to preserve the grass rather than
to destroy it, there would be grazing room enough
without sacrificing the reserved forests. The issue is
yearly becoming more and more important, and ac
cordingly the demonstration of an increasing oppo
sition to forest preservation should not be overlooked
by those who understand the far-reaching problems
that are involved in the question.
THE FORESTRY QUESTION
A c?se has recently arisen in Washington which
involves the claim of labor unions to a superiority
over the law. Mr. Miller, assistant foreman of the
Government Printing office, for personal reasons
was expelled from the Bookbinders' Union, of which
he had been a member. His office was held under
the civil service law, but upon the demand of the
Bookbinders' Union, backed by Mr. Gompers and
the American Federation of Labor, Mr. Palmer,
Government Printer, dismissed him from his office.
Upon sn appeal to the President through the Civil
.Service Commission Mr. Miller was reinstated, his
dismissal having been in defiance of his rights and in
violation of the law.
Immediately upon his legal reinstatement the
president of the Bookbinders' Union announced
that his and all the affiliated union* in the Govern
ment employment would strike and walk out unless
he were again dismissed. This raises the same issue
that was made in the railway service on the gov
ernment roads of Australia. It is raised, however, in
a much more serious aspect. The mistake made by
the bookbinders and affiliated unions is that they
alone are superior to the law. The President and
every member of his Cabinet, and* every Presidential
ippointee and every private citizen, must obey that
law. None are above it and none are below it. It
is as binding as any statute of the republic. Its vio
lators are subject to civil and penal punishment.
They stand no better before the law than the vio
lators of the statutes -.vhich forbid and punish coun
terfeiting and piracy, misuse of the mails or. em
bezzlement of public property. Yet the unions de
mand that the law be defied and nullified when it
stands between them and their desire for personal
This issue is sharply made. They have no more
right to demand Miller's expulsion from the ser
vice because he has ceased to be a member of his
union than the Masons, Catholics or Methodists
have to make like demand for the punishment of
apostacy from either organization. Yet the feder
ated trades deliberately propose to force the estab
lishment of the rule that the labor unions enjoy im
munity denied to nil others. If this right be estab
lished there is no law r which may not be defied in the
same way.
This is the serious aspect above that presented by
the Australian strike. There the unions in* the be
ginning did not violate a law of the colony, but de
fied an administrative regulation. The colony ended
the strike by passing a law, which the various unions
wisely respected. It may be said with perfect sin
cerity that the people in this country who in the
Jong run will suffer most from violation of the law
are the wage-workers themselves. Under the inspira
tion of such leaders as Mr. Gorapers they fail to see
this now. But later on that inspiration will fail to
protect them against the consequences of their as
sumed superiority to the law of the land. They will
learn that the law cannot be violated for the sup
posed benefit of one class without lifting its obliga
tion from all, and that means anarchy.
IX the investigation of the Postoffice Department
now in progress among the offenses charged and
for which officials have been dismissed are vio
lations of the civil service law. These violations con-
M«t in :he illegal removal and the illegal appointment
of persons in the civil service. The law absolutely
protects the entry into the civil service and guards
the right* oi all therein whose expulsion is attempted
by their superiors. They can^be expelled only on
charges, of which they are furnished a copy, and
after ample time in which to defend at a formal
hearing. The civil service law is as much a part of
our system as the constitution itself, and its viola
lion is as serious a matter as the defiance of any
other law of the land.
" UNIONS AND THE LAW
Lieutenant Commander Minnett, of th*
navy returned yesterday from Samoa oa
the liner Ventura. Commander Minnett
was for some time in charge of the
naval station at Pago Pago, and returns
after three years' service on the Pacific
for assignment to new duty. He says
that the officers and men of the gunboat
Wheeling were treated most cordially la
Auckland, where the Wheeling underwent
an extensive overhauling.
Samoa, according to Commander Min
nett, is a very trying station, and few of
the American officers there enjoy robust
health. "The climate made me % too fat."
he said yesterday, "but most of the other
fellows arc gradually thinning down to
skin and bone."
A season of storms destroyed much of
the island's bread fruit and a famine was
only averted through the importation by
the navy authorities of a large quantity
of rice.
COLONIALS TREAT YANKEE
TARS WITH CORDIALITY
Wheeling's Officers and ,Men Find
Royal Hospitality at Hands
of Auckland People.
.Gardner T> Williams, familiarly known
in South Africa as the "Cecil Rhodes" of
Kimberley, he being the head of the com
pany which is operating the diamond
m'nes of that country, arrived from tne
south yesterday with his family and is
registered at the Palace. He was hnre
several months ago and nas Htely been
staying at Monterey.
- Word was received in this city yester
day that Harry E. Hall, a. member of the
Pacific-Union. Club and Tyell known in lo
cal business circles, is yery ill in South
ern California. The report stated that he
is not expected to live. ~
Frank Hastings Rindge, a well-known
philanthropist of Santa Barbara, who is
prominently identified with" the Young
Men's Christian Association, is a guest at
the Palace. * "•,-•. ¦'.;¦* ,'J.V.-. ¦:'', v-:'
Mrs. J. A. Hopper, widow of one of
Honolulu's former wealthy sugar plant
ers, and her family arrived 'from the isl
ands yesterday and registerd at the Occi
dental. "•,_ : v
W. K. Brown, a surveyor of Hollister, is
at the Lick.
It. D. Hatch, a wealthy rancher of No
vato, and wife are registered at the Lick.
E. R. Abadie, a mining man of Nevada
City, is at the Palace.
Chester V. Dolph, son of Senator Dolph
ot Oregon, Is at the Palace.
F. H. Kennedy, a merchant of Stockton,
is stopping at the California.
G. E. Peoples, one of the prominent
business men of Fresno, is in the city.
Philip Kaffenberg, who owns several
merchandise stores in Nome and other
Alaskan towns, is at the Palace.
Captain Henry. Minett, U. ST N., who
has been stationed in Samoa, arrived
from the South Seas yesterday and is at
Occidental. • ""
Ground was broken yesterday morning
for the erection of King Solomon's Hall
on Fillmore street between Post and Sut
ter by the Western Addition Masonic
Hall Association, composed of members
of King Solomon's Lodge. Xo. C60. F. &
A. M. The site was recently purchased
for the purpose at a co«t of $10,000.
A number of members of the lodge
gathered in the vacant lot and sta/ted
the first wagonload of 'sand preparatory
to laying the foundation. William T.
Filmer, Fred B. Wood. C. I* P. Marais.
Harry Baehr, C. T. Cleve. George W.
Lake, George P. Rupp and Frank H.
Gay wielded shovels and had the wagon
loaded In record*-breaking time. Then
they drank to the success of the venture.
The contract for the foundation has
been let for $5000.
The building will be five stories In
height and will present a handsome front.
Its cost will be $70,000, nearly al! of which
has been subscribed. In the basement
there will be a banquet hall, seating 1 400
people. On the second floor there will
be a public hall, seating 600. There will
also be two lodge rooms and a Masonic
Hall on the top floor.
Members of King Solomon's Lodge,
F. and A. M., Take Fart in an
Interesting Ceremony.
PERSONAL MENTION.
BREAK GROUND FOR
NEW MASONIC HALL
FInley Burke was a brother of Hugh M.
Burke, the veteran newspaper man of this
city, and W. S. Burke of Albuquerque.
>J. M. He made many friends' in San
Francisco during a visit to this city sev
eral years ago. Mr. .burke was well
known throughout the Middle Western
States../ -Y,
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa, July 27.-
Finley Burke, senior member of the law
firm of Burke, Harl & Tinley, who under
went an operation for appendicitis on
Thursday, died a few minutes after 2
o'clock this afternoon in the Sisters of
Mercy Hospital. His wife and children
and a few Intimate friends for whom he
bad asked during his last hours were at
his bedside when he passed away.
A few days ago Mr. Burke was appar
ently in the best of health and his death
came- as a great shock to his many friends
and acquaintances in the city, and espe
cially to the members of the legal frater
nity, as he has been considered one of
Iowa's leading attorneys for many years.
Ho was taken 111 suddenly last Wednes
day morning and on Thursday his condi
tion became so alarming that it was
deemed advisable to remove him from his
residence on Oakland avenue to Mercy
Hospital,- where, during the afternoon, he
was operated on for appendicitis. The
operation was complicated by a small rup
ture contracted last year, and from the
time he went under the surgeon's knife
little hope was held out for his recovery.
He held his own, however, until Sunday
morning, when he gradually grew weaker
until his death.
Mr. Burke was about 50 years old and a
pioneer of Iowa.
NOTED IOWA ATTORNEY
DIES AFTER OPERATION
Finley Burke of Council Bluffs Suc
cumbs to Treatment for
Appendicitis.
Senator Fairbanks, Senator Beveridge and others,
of a like caliber and position are as averse to taking
the nomination as is Aldrich himself. It will of
course go to some one in the West, but it will hardly
go to any one in the Senate who has a fair assurance
of retaining his seat. Of course the candidate -must
be big enough lo satisfy the public that he would
make a fit President should any chance bring him to
that office. There is then a good opportunity here
for the West to present a new man to the nation.
California has several men who would fill the office
with honor and credit, and it is by no means im
probable that one of them may obtain it. Roosevelt
of course would gladly have a man from the extreme
West on the ticket with him, and there is no other
State west of the Mississippi that better deserves the
honor than California.
In short, 'the drift of speculation on the subject in
the East tends to the conclusion that there will be
no very earnest fight there for. the. place. . It .will be
conceded to the West, and it looks as if the Western
man whose, friends are : .first" to ¦ organize for the
fight will win the prize.:. \ / v
POLITICAL, speculators of the Republican
party .are about as much at a loss to pick a
Vice .Presidential candidate as the Democrats
arc in their efforts .to select a candidate for the
Presidency. ( There is no lack of men eligible for
the office, but it appears there is . a sad lack s
of cligiblcs who are willing to accept it. •
Senator Platt of New York recently suggested
Senator Aldrich of Rhode Island as the right man
for the place, but the suggestion has been received
as something of a joke, and the "Easy Boss" has
been virtually requested to give the country spme
thing easier." Aldrich, it is admitted, would make an
excellent Vice President, but as the President is to
¦ be chosen from New York it is not at all likely that
the Vice President will be taken from what is practi
cally a New York suburb. Furthermore, Aldrich has
a seat in the Senate and is one of the most influential i
.of its members. He likes the work, and he would j
not like the purely ornamental position of Vice Presi- j
dent. Therefore Platt is supposed to have been jest- |
ing when he proposed the name of a man who could ;
not get the nomination if he wished it and would
not accept it if it were offered.
THE VICE PRESIDENCY.
The obstacles, consisting of fish plates
and stones, were put on the track three
times Friday and also on Saturday. Train
wrecks were averted by the fact that
trains were running slowly and the ob
structions were discovered in time to stop.
MERCED, July 27.— Three children were
taken Into custody for placing obstruc
tions on the Southern Pacific tracks near
the Merced River last Friday;. a boy un
der, seven "and two girls aged nine and
eleven, according to i the statement ot
their father, WlUiam / Rhode3, a rancher
on the* river near where the obstructions
wore placed. Being dressed In boys'
clothes and herding horses 'when seen
near the track, they were taken for boj-3.
The lad was released after being brought
to the county seat Saturday. The girls
were detained until to-day when a 'charge
of attempt at train wrecking was made
against them.. The girls were released on
$1000 bail and taken home by their father.
Prior to the proceedings in the justice
court habeas corpus proceedings /were
brought in behalf of the prisoners, but
the Superior Judge held that that was
not the proper proceeding at the pending
stage of the case and declined to dis
charge • the prisoners. ¦ The evidence
against the children ts claimed to be con
clusive though circumstantial. They
deny that they placed the obstructions
on the rails. ¦•; ,' ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
TUESDAY . JULY 28, 1903
.- ' » ¦ '
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, p "P[j^:_
V**r*fs *irccmrnuntcctlon» to W. S. LEAKE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
IM. BL1CAT1OX OKKICE.. .MarUft «nd Third, S. K.
COITOKIAL ROOM* 217 to 221 M«"" OD **'
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cti
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terra* *r Mail, Including PoeUre (Caslj With Order) :
DAJJLT CALL (Including Sunday), one f<*t *?"Jw»
VATLT CALL Unclndlnc Sun<!ay). 6 vaotith*., +***
PAILT CAO-L— By Single Month < » •'*
SCNDAT CALL. On« Tear — *»"
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1 *°°
' f Dally. . . f S.8O Per Tear Extra
VORE1GN POSTAGE i Sunday. '••15 **«¦ Trt T Extr*
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Postmaster* are anthorl«ed to receJre
•nbacrlptiona.
Saxcpl* eopie« will be forwarded when requested.
Mail •ubecribere In ord*>rln« cfcange of addre»s »houM be
» articular to *He both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to ir^ure a prompt and correct compliance with their requeti.
OAKLA5D OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telcpaoae Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE,
2143 C«»ter Street Telephone 1 XortJi 77
C. GEORGE KROG5TKSS, Manager Foreign Adrer
ililnff. Marqnette nnlldinc. Chicago.
<Locg Distent* Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON" CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOK E. CttAXE 14OC G Street, tf. W.
ICEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Trlimne Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C, C. CARLTO> .S....... Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-A»torla. notel; A. Brentaco. 31 Cnion Square:
Murray Hill Hotel; Fiftb-»T»nu« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel.
TrensoEt House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer Hcu*e.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montrtmiery. corner of Clay, open
until 9 :30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until »:SO o'clock. 633
McAlltster. open until »:»0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
«:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mlaslon. open until 10 o'clock. 22fil
Karkit, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until »
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
unuJ 8 o'clock. 2200 Flilmore. open until 9 p. m.
At the hour above stated he was in
Spiers' stable talking to the men. He sud
denly held a small bottle to* ht.<* lips, and
saying "Here goes," had swallowed al
most its dntire contents before the others
divined his purpose. With a groan Bishop
fell to the ground, and although physi
cians were summoned and everything
possible was done to relieve his sufferings
the carbolic acid had accomplished its
deadly work, and in a few minutes life
became extinct. Deceased was about, 30
years of age. He leaves parents and stv
erai brothers and sisters.
NAPA, July 27.— William Bishop, a
young man born and reared in Calistoga
and well known there, took his life about
2 o'clock this morning In a tragic manner
In front of Spiers' livery stable. In the
presence of the night watchman and
Charles Brown he suddenly gulped down
a large quantity of carbolic acid and died
in great agony some twenty minutes faler.
It is stated that young Bishop had been
despondent for some time because unsuc
cessful in his suit for the hand of a young
lady.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING. July 27.— The visit of Sher
iff Richardson lo the oil well of the Kes
wltk Crude Oil Compacy at Sand F'.a::«
yesterday marked the beginning of tha
end of the oil business l;i Shasta County.
The Sheriff's visit was for the purpose or
posting natlces of foreclosure and sale on
the property in the matter of George K.
Whitaker vs. the Keswick Crude Oil
Company and other*. Whitakfr obtained
a judgment and decree of foreclosure and
*alc against the Keswick Company on
June CO for the sum of JSlft 32. besides
costs. interest and attorney's fees,
amounting to $155 10. making a total of
J0C5 63. In accordance with that decree
the Sheriff will sell the property, toola.
Implements and all machinery August 2)
to satisfy Whitaker'si Judgment.
The Keswick Crude Oil Company had
numerous troubles during its short exist
ence, and has been in litigation almost
from the beginning. It was this property
and plant that John White and oth«»ra
"jumped." but the jumping process did
not hold. The outfit will now be sold to
the highest bidder, and it is hardly prob
able that any further attempt will be
made to strike oil In 'the county, all other
wells having been abandoned.
Special Dispatch to Th# Call
That an outbreak planned upon so large a scale
and undertaken with such boldness could be carried
through with such success may be surprising^ some
particulars, but concerning the revolt itself there will
be no surprise, -''it has long been known that insub
ordination exists at Folsom; that the management
has not been sufficiently strong to retain cither the
confidence. of the employes or command the ( re
spect and obedience of the convicts. The Warden
has shown a singular fondness for trusting dangerous
convicts with important duties and reposing in them
a foolish degree of trust.. He has said, and even
boasted, that he had more confidence in some of the
convicts than in some of the men employed to guard
and control them. Such statements have not been
unknown to the convicts themselves, and they have
been encouraged to take advantage of the easy
credulity of the Warden. The inevitable result has now
occurred, and the Warden is .left to gasp and stare
and wonder how it happened.
At San Quentin an equally bad if not a worse con
dition has prevailed for a long time. It has been
shown that in that prison the management was
guilty not enly of incompetence, but of downright
frauds. Documentary evidence has been submitted
in court proving forgery, falsification of records and
other serious offenses on the part of the Warden or
those who were in collusion with him. Such man
agement of course cannot retain the loyalty of the
employes, 'nor can it hold in rightful subordination
the convicts confined in the prison walls. Thus there
is constant danger of an outbreak in that prison, and
one may occur almost any day.
The officials "primarily responsible for this condi
tion of affairs are the members of the State Board
of Prison Directors. Upon them rests the duty of
supervising the prisons and of seeing to it that the
management is in proper hands. They have retained
incompetent men in office, knowing them to be in
competent. They »have retained at San Quentin a
Warden who has been proven in court to be guilty
of the grossest violations of law. They have re
tained him in office even though his term has expired,
and have thus tacitly condoned his offenses and made
themselves approvers of his conduct. Even when at
last they have decided to choose a new Warden,
they have left the discredited official in office for a
month in which to work such revenge as his spite
may dictate upon those of his subordinates whom
he may believe to have been opposed to his past mis
management and frauds.
The exposures made in the press have Jong since
opened the eyes of the people to the bad condition
of affairs at both prisons, and perhaps the outbreak
at Folsom will now open the eyes of the Prison*
Directors. They can no longer be blind to the
tendencies of bad management. They must now ad
mit that incompetence on the part of the higher of
ficers of the prisons leads to discontent among the
employes and among the convicts; that discontent
leads to disrespect, and that disrespect is followed by
insubordination, out of which come attempts at vio
lence and outbreak whenever the slightest opportun
ity of success offers.
The issue in the case therefore runs directly to the
Board of Prison Directors. They have delayed and
dilly-dallied a long time instead of taking action at
once to remove worthless officials as soon as their
worthlessness was proven, but it is now hardly pos
sible for them to further defy public sentiment. It
is probable, therefore, that the Folsom outbreak may
prove of value to the State by compelling a thor
ough revision of our prison management. What has
been done is bad enough, but it might have been
wor?e. At an/ rate the object lesson has been given
on a scale of sufficient magnitude to startle the State,
and the demand upon the Prison Directors for
prompt and efficient action can no longer be safely
evaded or ignored.
f\ F the outbreak of convicts at Folsom it may
( * 1 be said the expected has happened. The
V-V people of California have long been aware
that the management of our State prisons is in the
hands of incompetent men. The fact has been ex
posed again and again by The Call and by the
press generally. Legislative investigations have
shown the truth of the statements of the prgss, and
documentary evidence has been forthcoming to con
firm it. Nevertheless the Board of Prison Direct
ors have retained in office and maintained in power
the men known to be unfit for the place.
THE FOLSOM OUTBREAK
YOUNG MAN
TAKES A FATAL
DOSE OF ACID
ARREST GIRLS
FOR TRYING TO
WRECK TRAINS
OIL INDUSTRY
IS ENDED IN
SHASTA COUNTY
Alaska the principal shipments were canned salmon,
$8,401,124; other- fish, $753,412; c furs and fur skins,
$39579J: whalebone, $115,994; and copper, $100,553."-
The exports of course include nearly every kind
of manufactured, product and a large, amount y, of
breadstuffs. The' trade, on the whole is regarded as
encouraging, and gives promise of. eventually'be
coming large enough to make our expansion profit
able from a commercial as well as a political, point
of view. . - /' >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
Whatever else may be said of President Castro, he
leaves nothing to be desired in his capacity as a
fighting man. He will fight whether he is right or
urong. whether he has a chance or is hopelessly out
classed; or when disaster stares him absolutely in the
face. And to support it all he controls the agencies
which give to the world conflicts colored as he pleases
to hare thcro-
RAILROAD CURVES-M.. City. In'
surveying for railways engineers endeavor
to render their lines as level as possible,
but circumstances often necessitate the
use of sharp curves and gradients.
As a general rule there are few curves
of less than three-elghtha of a mile or 30
chains radius; when they are employed the
exterior rail is super elevated to counter
act the centrifugal force, otherwise a
quickly moving train might leave the
rails. In going round a curve wheels s!lp
and also run against the flange.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFT, GLOSSY HAIR.
It Can Only Be Had Where There Is
No Dandruff.
Any roan or woman who wants soft,
glossy hair must be free of dandruff, which
causes falling hair. Since it has becomo
known that dandruff is a germ disease
the old hair preparations, that v/ere most-
ly scalp irritants, have been abandoned,
and the public, barbers and doctors in-
cluded, have taken to using Newbro's
Herplclde, the only hair preparation that
kills the dandruff eerm- E. Dodd. Dick-
inson. N. D.. says: "Herplcide net only
cleanses the scalp from dandruff and pro-
vents the hair falling out. but promotes a
new growth. Herpicide keeps my hair
very glossy." Sold by leading druggltta,
S«nd 10c In stamps for sample to Th«
Herplcide Co.. Devmt. iilcb.
FRAMING BRYSON PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREENE
Next Sunday's Call.
Bryson studies may be framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw' silk matg;
colors selected to suit tones and
pictures. These studies admit of
a variety of styles and also, make
strikingly effective posters. • The
"Lady in "Green" and companion
pieces to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest art : pictures ever
issued by^ any newspaper in
America.PORTLAND. Or..- July 27. — The executors
of the . estate of the late ex-Senator H. W.
Corbett to-day filed '.with . the Probate Court
the Inventory of the appraisers. The lota!
natal* amounts to SZ621.&T.K '
The plaintiff alleges the existence of the
San Francisco Labor Council of Federated
Trades of which defendants Benham and Zant
are respectively president and secretary; that
Its objects are to compel the finiployers of
labor to employ only union laborers; that the
Cotton ' Bag Workers' Union No. 10.648 Is a
union association of which defendants Han
back and Tiedemann are respectively presi
dent and secretary and some of whose mem
bers worked for ccmalalnant and who quit
complainant's service on June 8. 1J»O3; that all
of the defendants have conspired and com
bined to Injure complainant's business unless
It shall employ only the members of such
union; that on and after the Sth day of June,
1003, defendants assembled in large numbers
about complainant's premises and by unlawful
threats. Intimidations and other unlawful
means eo Intimidated plaintiff's employes as
to prevent itn-m ftorr working. There are
numerous affidavits showing unlawful acts by
defendants, vile language toward them, and,
in a f*w instances, actual personal assaults.
Defendants deny any unlawful act. They
allege, as is the rule in such cases, "that the
1
There were two opinions, the first in the
case of the Gulf Bag Company vs. Mich
ael Suttner and others, and the second in
the case of Michael Hallanan vs. Jour
neymen Horseshoeing Union Local No. 25
of San Francisco. The following is a
synopsis of the opinion Sn the bag com
pany case:
The rights of labor and the relation of
strikes and strikers to the law under a
constitutional form of* government were
discoursed upon yesterday from the
strictly legal point of view by United
States District Judge James H. Beatty of
Idaho, sitting in the United States Circuit
Court.
Judge Beatty Says That
They Are Opposed
to Law.
It Is an economic law that no class can long
prosper at the cost or by the oppression of other
classes, or one community long prosper at the
expense of others. Organizations exercise their
concentrated power as a unit. In this Is their
strength. It may be a power for evil as well
as good. The danger is that In exercising it
for the benefit of its membership it overlooks
the rights of others. " \
To avoid this the courts must see that they
are confined to the legitimate and rightful ex
ercise of their powers. Whenever any organ
ization, even for the bfim> fit of its members,
¦through Its control over them, by Injunction
upon or direction to them or by Its Influence
upon the public and its patrons). takes steps to
prevent others from enjoying any lawful occu
pation, in either labor or business,' or attempts
by concert of action to disparage the business
or goods of any one, or to prevent the public
from using or dealing In the goods of another,
or In other words, boycotting said goods. It acts
In violation of the law. if such can be done
as to one man's trade and goods. It may be
done as to another's, and so continue until all
competitors 'are out of the way, thus entailing
Injury not only upon the Individual, but also
upon 1 the public. This Is monopoly of the
worst character and Is most obnoxious to the
law. It. is Immaterial whether the monopoly
is of labor or of business. Neither Individual
nor organization of individuals ' can be pro
tected in It. •
But the law has been so often discussed and
Is too well understood by all classes to justify
any prolonged consideration of It here. ;
After a . consideration of all the facts and
circumstances . In • this caso the conclusion
reached is that this matter should be heard
upon Its merits (where all witnesses may be
fully examined that the, truth may be known
and that In the meantime the existing restrain
ing order should not be disturbed, but be\con
tinueil, and It Is so ordered. -
DANGER OF UNIONISM.
Those who enter Into such organizations must
not forget that while. they may advance their
own Interests, they are under such obligations
to their fellow-men, their fellow-laborers that
they must not oppress them. Every man has
the right to labor at what and when he wishes
and to obtain the most therefor that ho can,
and in this he Is entitled to the protection of
the law and protection against any combina
tion or scheme to debar him of such right. Tne
law makes no distinction between the so-called
union and non-union laborers. All stand be
fore It with equal rights and entitled to like
protection. ~
All the facts and circumstances considered
leave upon my mind the Impression that de
fendants are united In their opposition to com
plainant's pad; that they use the influence of
the combined strength of their union with their
customers against the use of the pad; that they
fine their members who do use It. and this be
cause in his business he Is not employing union
labor. That they have the power to Injure
his business Is shown by the fact that It has
greatly decreased here since the defendants
commenced their opposition to it. One signifi
cant fact as to the power of the defendants is
the Incident In which a member of the union
tsked permission of the president of the union
to use some of complainant's pads which he
had on hand. Whether he simply gave per
mission to use them or added to that permission
the order to buy no more Is immaterial. The
suggestive fact is that he should be asked the
permission. • • •
POWER OF THE BOYCOTT.
Some facts are established beyond dispute.
One Is that the San Francisco union had adopt
ed a resolution or rule that a fine of $5 would
be inflicted upon any of Its members who would
use the pad. • • •
In over 80 per cent of the shops In San Fran
cisco, which shops use most of the pads used
in San Francisco; and that defendants have
directed the material that shall be used and
the men who shall be employed in such shops;
that they have forbidden the use of complain
ant's pads In any of such shops; that they
have combined and conspired to stop the sale
of his pads and threaten to continue to do so
In San Francisco and elsewhere unless he yields
to the demands of the New York union and
uses their label. • • •
The following is a synopsis of Judge
Beatty's opinion In the Horseshoers' boy
cott: " -
The complainant alleges that he manufac
tures In New York City a certain horseshoeing
pad, and that he operates in that city, a horse
shoeing shop: that in December. 1902, the
Journeymen Horseshoeing Union of New York
demanded that he use in his shoeing shop : the
stamp or label of the. International : Union of
the Journeymen, Horseshoeing, Union; that the
said San Francisco union has adopted a stamp,
*hr use of wblcb thav h«m arhltrarllv «\nforr«<l
Moreover, this restraining order does not de
prive any one of any right, nor require of him
any wrong. It" only requires that no : wrong
shall be committed, that no right. shall be in
fringed. The order can do no harm even if
not clearly and ¦ absolutely Justified: but I
think the facts justify it, and, as it is made,
so it Is continued. > . •
NO BIGHT INFRINGED.
Fortunately in this case no extremely serious
results such as we are crowing somewhat ac
customed to, followed. It may have been the
interposition of the timely restraining order,
but of the fact that unlawful acts were done
the whole record of the case is convincing.
It was an effort on the part of the defence
to force higher wages for their associates by
unlawful Interference with the rights of .oth
ers to labor who were not associated with
them. All laboring people f,ully understand
that, whenever they please and for any cause,
they have the right to quit work. Whether
as individuals or as organizations they must
also understand that all men, whether asso
ciated with them or not, have equal rights
with them In the labor world. The right to
labor or to cease it must be as free to all as
It is to water to seek its level. This Govern
ment is one of liberty under the law and its
people are free men. Neither will tolerate the
attempt of any to enforce assumed rights by
crushing the Inalienable rights of others.
Until all recognize and obey that law the
contest must and will go on.
I think in the Interest of peace and law that
this restraining order should be continued. It
Is complained that It is too comprehensive In
that it Includes the members of both asso
ciations. There Is no question that the Cotton-
Bag Workers' Union Is Interested, for the strik
ing employes of complainant were members
thereofv The defendant ; Hanback. who is
president of this union, • says In his affidavit
that the president* and secretary Interceded in
this matter to procure better wages for those
employes. As these organizations worked large
ly through their officers It is not extravagant to
conclude that both organizations took . more or
less interest in this contest.
One Individual case may be referred to. It
Is charged that Suttner was especially vile in
his conduct and In his use of language towar'l
the female, operative, Agnes Falltn. ile denies
it all and that he was present at the time
charged, fc'it her statements are so eonflrired
ty ethers that I prefer believing them to hU
der.la'.s.
In commenting upon the acts of vio
lence alleged in the complaint and denied
by the defendants, Judge Beatty said:
VIOLENCE MUST CEASE.
The law does give the right of peaceable
persuasion. It is abuse of this right which
leacis to all the tiouble. In their desire to
succeed they too often bo In great numbers.
Amors them ore generally some wao are law-
Jess and reckless of rights or consequences.
They do that which the conservative and bet
ter class do not approve, and the general re
sult is that the conscious power of great num
bers leads along from one act -to another to
the usual end that violence and abuse are
resorted to when advice and persuasion fall.
But It must be understood that when they as
semble In numbers for some object they must
be held responsible for what their associates
do wh«th»r they approve of or advise It or not.
principal object of their union is, by mutual
arrangements with the emuloyers of Its mem
ber?, to secure satisfactory rates of wages and
to Improve the efficiency of Its members and
that It does not approve or tolerate violence
for any purpose." There Is 110 doubt that all
the written stated objects In their records of
organization are worthy and commendable,
but the question is not as to the objects of
their organization, stated 'or otherwise; it is
what they do. • • •
DECIDES AGAINST
THE BOYCOTTERS
"I have noticed several times during
the proceedings, Mr. Livernash," said
Moore, "that you have hinted about my
talking for the benefit of the press. Now
you know very well when we were ar
ranging the terms for the arbitration
proceedings that I was not in favor of
the . press being present at the hearing,
and you then said that if the press repre
sentatives were not allowed to be present
you would yourself give them all the
news at the end of each day. It was on
this account only that I allowed the press
to be present at the proceedings and let
me tell you that not now nor at any
other time have I been making speeches
to the press."
The case will be resumed this morning
at 10 o'clock. .
"AIL right, all right," said Livernash.
"Have your little say for the benefit of
the press."
There was one little tilt between At
torneys Moore and Livernash yesterday.
This occurred when Livernash went down
the list of laborers and asked Russell to
explain the conditions and aptitude of
his men. This course was objected to by
Moore, who said it was very embarras
sing for Russell as a "boss" to publicly
give an opinion of each of his men.
In the afternoon Russell was examined
at great length by" Livernash, the latter
trying to get the foreman to admit that
experience and knowledge enhanced the
value 'of the laborers under his control.
This Russell positively refused to do and
emphatically declared that the average
laborer working for the company was as
capable after one month's experience as
after he had been employed many years.
1 NOT SPEAKING FOB PRESS.
The machine known as the cast-w<>15!ng ma
chine has been'closed down for some time and
It Is problematical when the same will b«r si^nin
put in operation. At present there are let in
the service of the company any men .aga^ed en
cast-welding outfits.
I have read the testimony of W. J. McLeod,
a laborer employed In my department. Jlc-
Leod is one of the fifty-two men who are
known as, and perform the duties of, common
laborers or handy men about the tracks.
Neither said McLeod nor any of the'flfty-*wo
men mentioned are called upon to clean the
channels of cable lines or to drive pulley wag
ons. At times McLeod and the fifty-two men
aforesaid do use ratchets, drills and backsaws,
gads and sledges for the purpose of sawing
rails and drilling holes In rails. Thev put
down tracks, curves and switches, but rever
a curve Is laid down or a cross-over placed by
them without the engineer of the company first
laying out the lines. The rails and cross-ov-irs
are prepared in the machine shops and a fore
man always supervises such laying of cross
overs, rails and curves. Except for some ¦\<»rr
slight repair work, where one man may be *er»t
to remedy a simple defect, all of the work per
formed by McLeod and the fifty-two men
aforesaid Is performed under the immediate su
pervision and direction of a foreman. 'ihes«
fifty- two laborers repair holes in streets; tliclr
work Is steady from one year to the otner and
their average annual earnings are higher than
the average annual earnings of labors -a work
ing for contractors at $2 CO per day — this arm
ing from the fact that laborers working ftr
contractors are subject to trequent lay-offs,
while the fifty-two laborers in the employ or
this company are steadily employed.
Any handy laborer who never performed
work on a railroad is capable of taklnrr the
place of MeLeod or any one of The fifty-two
laborers aforesaid. If the fifty-two laborers
should quit their work to-morrow It wouM not
Inconvenience the company to the sllghte-i*. ex
tent, as their places could be filled in a cay.
Their work corresponds very largely with the
work of section men on steam roads, v-ho re
ceive from $1 60 to $1 75 per day. 7"ie work
performed by McLeod and his fifty -two asso
ciate* is much sought after, and at a vary
low estimate five applications a day are re
ceived for this work. Indeed, the Doaltton is
one that Is considered among laboring me.i aa
well paid and not Involving extra laborious
work.
NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED.
Taking of testimony in the arbitration
proceedings between the Carmen's Union
and the United Railroads is gradually
drawing to a close. Yesterday morning
when the case was resumed, E. J. Liver
nash, counsel for the Carmen's Union,
stated that he had decided not to exam
ine Manager Chapman, Master Mechanic
Bodler or Secretary "Wlllcutt further. Ac
cordingly Attorney Moore, to keep the
proceedings going, filed the statements of
John E. Russell, general foreman of the
road engineer's department of the com
pany, and F. £3. Sharon, superintendent
of the cable road machinery.
The statement of Russell follows:
I am the general foreman of the road engi
neer's department of the United Railroads of
San Frnclsco and have had fifteen years' ex
perience In street railroad business. As such
general foreman I have charge of the track
men, laborers and cast-welding machine outfit
employed by the United Railroads. It la a part
of my duty to hire and discharge men in my
employ. The duties of my department are con
fined to all work along the lines of the United
Railroads on the surface. We have in our em
ploy under me one trackman earning $2 75 a
day, two trackmen earning $ 2 60 a day, two
trackmen earning $2 25 a day, one trackman
earning $75 a month, two trackmen earning $65
a month, five laborers earning $t>0 a month,
fourteen pavers earning $2 50 a day and fifty
two laborers earning $2 per day. A day con
sists of ten hours' work. Eight hours of night
work is paid for as a full day, but molt of the
work performed by these men is day work.
Time over ten hours is paid for at straight time
rates.
United Railroad's Attorney
Denies He Is Talking
far Prflflq
ior rrcBs<
Foreman Russell De
clares Men Are Com
petent at Start.
LABORERS NEED
LITTLE TUITION
XJiJffi SAN FKANCISCO CAIiL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
UUbUlwirajIM lEADWa 1KEATSS
LAST 5 MIGHTS.
Uatlsees Wednesday and Saturday. .
Amelia Bingham
And Her Company.
TO-NIGHT, also Wednesday and Saturday
Nights and Saturday Matinee. Clyde Fitch's
"The Frisky JHrs. Johnson"
Thursday and Friday Nights and 'Wednesday
Matinee, Clyde Fitch's
"The Climbers"
NEXT MONDAY! A 7ft K S£& M * To °
EZRA KBNDALL
Aa Joe Miller, in the Great Csmedy Hit.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER."
VALID VAUDEVILLE!
Mme. Konorah; James J. Morton;
Macart's Dogs and Monkeys;
Claudius and Corbin; Claude Gil-
lingwater and Company; Ethel
Levey; Orpheus Comedy Company
Four; Three Polos and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seata
and Opera Chairs. SOc.
ALCAZARTHT
Gen. Mgr.
TO-XIGHT— THIS TTEEK OX1.T.
I*AST WEEK BUT TWO OF
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In the First San Francisco Production of Hall
Calne's Master Work.
THE MANXMAN
As played Only In England by Wilson Barrett
and in America by Jaznea O'Neill.
Evgs.,"5c to 75c; Mats.Thurs. & Sat., 13c to SOs.
Xext— "THE BUTTERFLIES."
E7Watch for the Greatest of Rural Play*,
THE DAIRY FARM,
Tou will laugh till In tears o'er "Th« Thre«
Musketeers,"
And the girU In the cast are just every on*
deara.
"Under the Red Globe," too, will give pleasure
to you.
For If you but see It yon jnst cannot be btu».
BelleveUs.the j
Only Show In the City (
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
COMBINED WITH
"THE THREE MUSKETEERS.-
The "All Star" Cast. Including Kolb and DID
and Bernard. Winfleld Blake, Hennsen and
Wheelan, Maude Amber, and the Only Great
Chorus, have no equal.
*^^*"™ *^™ Proprietors. ¦
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEtf ONLT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The New York and London Success.
"A LIOM'S HEART."
— with
HERSCHEL MAY ALL
And the Central Stock Ctompany.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling Cllmaxest
Brilliant Comedy!
DDirCC Evenings lOc to 50o
fiUlCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23a
MONDAY, August 3.
Edwin Arden's Famous Russian Drama.
"ZORAH."
SUTRO JiEIGHTS.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAT AFTERNOOX3
AND EVENINGS. August 1 and X
A OPEN-AIR PERFORMANCES^ 4
Monster Testimonial to
NANCE O'NEIL
Who Will Make Her First Appearance as
"ROSALIND" In a Mazniflcent :..
Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
An Unequaled Cast. Including . .
James J. Corbett
As "Charles." the Wrestler. ,
Reserved Seats. $1 and $1 50.
On Sat* at Sherman. Clay tt Co/fc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For thc Form and Complexion.
/*"' Ias * )een «uccess-
a%!i$ir&&* fulIy UR0(1 by Iead "
fSSgf ' nff actresses, sing-
jjSS&c—m rt£J& ers an(^ ""omen of
2j^5 V* (^^9 fashion for more
yftj yV than 25 years.
*SC? «- S Wherever applied It
"*2J *3 ' / •» instantly absorbed
H Me through the pores of
Jr J tne *Wn, and • Its
/f "*t :t wonderful nutrition
f V fe«ds the wasting
fSCJXx <A emov^ n ff Pimple3
>_ »J>1 '(v\r~ » As if by magic, one
* t *¥i^— «k \J application often
"ILIJ'AV JrJr showing: a remark-
**^9!"f^J3rl7 able improvement.
DR. CHARLKS FLESH FOOD Is positively
the only preparation known to medical icience
that will round out hollows in tho nock and
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeks,
arm rOB DEVEIiOPIHQ TES BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has the
htshest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust firm.
i:irtr<> and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Recular price. 11.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
Fn en — A sample bo* and our book,
KDC "ART OF MASSAGE." fully Il-
lustrated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DR. CHARLE3 CO.." 19 Ptrlc Pltee, Hew fork.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
» PREPARED BY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tho soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Raid all tnrmr tb* world. ,
________^___ MISCELLANEOUS. ""' " '. ' '¦ ¦ ' ':'¦¦¦ '¦ ":¦¦ "¦•."¦¦- ' ;:'
9 """^bw mm m mpk^B^—^ CASH ONLY, NO CREDIT, NO DISCOUNTS, NO COMMISSIONS •¦^^¦"¦¦¦¦¦^¦"M"^*"*
EXTRAORDINARY
"BUST' THE TRUST SALE
* .
The high-priced installment houses are in distress. Pattosien's has been a thorn to them. They have formed a trust
or combination to raise prices on all carpets. WE POSITIVELY REFUSED TO JOIN THEM.
Now PATTOSIEN'S great 3J^-acre store is aglow this week with the greatest Carpet and Furniture bargains ever offered.
It is a grand demonstration of our oft told story that "IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION."
"BUST" THE TRUST PRICES. Gol ?f n c^ k B o 7 cg^—gg^ " Bust " thc Trusi Pr ' ccs -
Screens Grille. Etc. "Ssrs^z Ir^^f New Carpets
**^^ ' V-»* J Installment com- iBgjixw^^ JW High quality, low price and excellent
. i THE ILLUSTRATED SCREEN — bJn Klorca lKB£?«jS3?%**j??3 workmanship are characteristics of Patto-
r 1 j". 3-fold oak or mahogany frame. 60 B * IMgiTf^^ifta m sien's carpets. An advance shipment of the
*T V ;^"'/*T2 in. hiph, 54 in., wide filled ftr _^*~r£i i* NEW FALL CABPETS has just arrived; more
' J|in W =^-,:.-7— r-i with artistic patterns of UJ)r j^f^^T^Bf^^^^—JH) 1° come and PLEKTT ro » EVERYBODY.
HflHD I I ' - "» SCB E EKS- 2^ feet wide. \}M V^^f " "SSSS* -" "ffiD^S?-'.
fliP li \ ( il U\i g mbo fi S W mUmon S °o e r \\\lJ=JI» ' ' g^y^rlor and ThS ySST^
M I im\ I I WMS&Mfl '^SS d th flor o a r
Jvill. l<. i ii'illi ' m\A i\ Frame? In Golden Oak, Flm- Q 2^^ A/I without border. square yd.. *Pl«Tt/
¦Ih'tlii^ : J«VTI tfi'f lsn Oak or Mahogany, unfilled, H Jw# The Installment ___•__ _ *
P lily i lJ & I 1 ' W tt 1 'II 'i fllfed with choice of any XI Jjll <3^^(Dnnn WILTOH velvets- floral and Oriental
11 ' l! r« ill Uh g|" W\\ it -Wll silkoline: J2.50 value.. Vi'^V "*^ S<\\\} Q& Doubl? Zuuu «Mth e>ftects that ar e
ft I iMiii Frames in oak unfilled. $1.00. Our price 4$'™ f^ 3 i«»n the par-
ii I I! IB P^H'S^^ , I4M OTHER ROCKERS. ' g|gf
rhnTii i l1i" i n ¦^- a *ff Ha r iain denim or burlan \S /*» JU.M Oak or Mahogany, leather S?f\ stairs, covorinp av- {',' y, e com "
F^^n SJ^: 3S5^tf filfing; an J8 valSef! * W' ld *t» la * seat $».5O erage hall and stairs ™™ f^"f e « y° u
u nug^ The frames unfilled. S 4 00 5200 Golden Oak. cane seat, brace | oa SJ 1 " 10111 a g e « am - Olir Cl CA
• ihe rrames unniiea, »4.oo. arm sewing rocker OliuU Thee o mbine price «pl»«"
Artis=tic corners to match. burnt leather back «piO«tU Best quamy: red. new patterns cTTsts
EXTENDING GEH.I E— for VEHETIAH LAMPS — In cobbler" Beat ..?..'.. r .°...!. ..^.T.' «J>0«10 blues.' Installment stallment combine
higrh foldingdoors orarch- many designs, among them combine nr stores. We /»« AA
fs and cozy corner deco- many treasures of Ve- r _____>i»i~~> . price is SI 10 KhC sell it at \1 III)
rations. extends a/v netian, art; re- CA FLA T FUR- Our price'. .." 0JW per yard...'.. «P1«VV
from 5 to « ft.; >fl ijjl duced one-half; 3\l 7\\t v i s hivg — No
M V31U ' — * 81 " a ' * =Hr PATTOSIEN'S PAMTASOTE COICH
BEDROOM jrr^K
TEBED OAS TOILET $150 2-PIECE BZSSS- this department 4um<L x ' ee ' ' on &» Inches wide, high grade CUUft
SCIT, colonial design, with EYE MAPLE SUIT, exqui- offers special ad- €KL> 8 teel springs.
massive carving effects, ser- site headboard pattern, low vantages. Let us
nentine front d»t*77 TA Jresser, 53 inches^m aa figure for you. r .. w>nik.T/-» r>i->i-v<r» ¦-*. « »— « • .
s& ?.??: 5H /.sO sgztrxXffzWM l ' foldinq beds Parlor Furniture
$•5.00 Bed this week for $o,",00
DRESSERS MISSION FURNITURE ;;••; ™ s we tJ or t^« p^SSfSd^
25.00 Bed this # week for IO.oO bolstered Goods we sell, because we
Th*« installment combine cannot We make it and we undersell 33.00 Bed this week for 212.25 make it all. «.«—».—
compote with us. These prices ara every combine store. 30.00 Bed this week for l».5O o^£^ C JUST 6 WHAT w" COSTS TO
T^roof: BXTTPET — 18 inches vride, aiq aa *5.00 Bed this week for 29.25 MAKE IT.
*12..'.O shapely grolden oak en QfT lined drawer for silver>4O.UU uai ¦ c"T« a \inc
with beveled glass mirror... OC^.^O other compartments l|riUlVW MALL STANDS " BlJSt "~the"COItlbilie PriCCS
SM) megrificent design. ILAIifc SEAT — 5 ft. wide. (I»A Pft • o -tT-ii stand thiq -week «« fl Aft "^
terse Khaped tfta, ma- CftCJ 518-T5; 40 in., with seat box.JkU Sto * ? " a11 °; an^ V 118 e^ K *J^' **» J175.00 3-plece MAHOQAWY SUIT, ttn-
ho^ary OOO.OU $n.75; 3 feet wide :^7»VV 25 Hall Stand this week ltf.75 es t steel springs ana up- ClOff t\t\
VJ> nahosany. larpe oval C04 QQ BOOKCASE-29 in. wldefAA AA 20 Hall Stand this week 11.25 holstery
i!r; /^T^ 2.t- # i-i; 5 movable shelves $20.00 15 Hall Stand this week ?).5O $ 50 .00 3-piece MAHOOANT PIHISH
i^gSSft^S^uSZ $45150 * <° Hal1 Stand this week 28.50 SUIT; lln. silk tapestry O32 Q0
f^o maile French plat^ o O I 7(r BUPFET — Large upper aj j /»r 70 Hall Stand this week 51.75 cover «J»*»^«W
oval F i.«. E weii front..".. O-2I. CO drawer and lower shelf, rfci>»TCClM/- T ADI ccr $C0 B-piece MAHOOAHT
M .. —* #t fi - flll ,^^ N Q JABLES
n M.M. «H the conveniences reauired \IX "111 $16.00 Table to be sold for $10.00
Pat t ncion l.n ••••••¦¦••••••••¦•••^ mv >»» «-¦• «• »• -« «» n.^" w&vi$r tt &&£L™jgfiSi
V Cl I t liAinll EIEIb "BRAKY TABLE— After (T»^a AA 5.00 Table to bo sold for «2.OO f. ... . .
I UI1UWBUII VUI 5«a«5fe $20.00 60.00 Table to be sold for 45.OO ; 50 . 00 rOM IHG BED DAV^OBT,
i6tb and mission streets S e nd f Or catalogs. £:S£S:Si:s£ £?.:::: iS:?S ?^! ly .. b " I . u :. flI !!.f p y 1 . i : g ?::$35.oo
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
I ISJLMMMwrtfcJKi^ ||J For Infants and Children.
plQflSfffThe Kind You Have
WmMssjgMi^^m H Always Rnnpht
I AViegctablePreparalionforAs- "M ~
siiuilatingtt»croodandBcgiite-1 m ... #'
ling ihc Stomachs andBoweb of \Wl jDOdlS tJl6 f 1
Promotes Digestion.Cheerfur- M & d k*
ness and Rest.Contains neither 'M A -p . zL J? % a
Opium,Morphine nor>finexaL m vJl My^ \\J
IVotTJarcotic. [A A.\\TV^
R«*Ju&Jzt- j ii JaLi _ I M
| I (\ ijl> I"
*&^~ ) i/PfJi Hep
AperfecJ Remedy forConsUpa- M I T| VT UOu
rion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca I|L/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- || \\ WT C#*i» q|iiah
j\ess and Loss of Sleep, m V,/* ¦ D I U V D I
Facsimile Signature oP '^j [
new ydrk. a I II 1 1 IV Icdlo
THt ccntauk company, new von*, cm.
LITTLE THIMGS COUNT
In laundering— a little better, more
thorough, washing; a little more or
less starch; a little more or less blu-
ing; a little less haste in ironing 1 — all
go to make the difference between
good and indifferent work. We flatter
ourselves we take a little more pains
than anybody else in all departments.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 IIASKET STEEET,
Near Powell.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
a Ch ic3y/iEirrs?.tctafc*7&,s.r.cd. ( i
T Bf The L»r£«t Anatomic*! Mu&eum in ihr
A -rfjts^. World *e»k«e*se* or injr contracted ( |
~ flSfSi 'i^* s ' r" BMI "" | 7«'«« r ''*' l y«b'oiu?it '
V IE? Sal ~^"" il " t °° !te Ccttt- E«t 36 years. ©
A ti'Zgvh DR. JGK0AN-D1SEASES OF MEN i
• I^HiSl Consultation frc »nrl stnrtljr rrirat». \
B t ri^r P Tm'iifN pertonally <-.r by i«;- r . A Q
\ t If °K V f«*< tn * €W« in emery ci*« undertaken. T
dtn if \\ fit «>'« for rVM>fc. P«ILO«orBy of A
* * SI 1~ 34BRIAtK, MAILED FREE. (Af
A Q jL raluaWe book for n.<-o)
¥ DH. Jonn %> & CO., 1051 MnrkM St-.S. F. f
EVERY WOMAN
. js interested and should know
.^—^^i^V • about the wonderful
.sS* A UADlfEl WHIRLING
#^\ \\ clAnfcL spkay
(*\y)QLi.\ £* ., A 1 be new Vaginal Syriug-c
V t* ' <^ \ f!* * V J I Injection and Suction.
V.' ; J^ S?- > j Best-Safest— Most Con-
VVv v CS»iAk venicnU It Cleanse*.
'\^v*^^y^?>) Instantly
Afk jorrdrtu'Mforlt. XS
Jf h* <-«nn«t MifP'y the " NXS^W ""'W'< G ,
MARVEL, accept no \i : >T*J£r>-"
«£ier. butwaid «»rrpfc»nii*. V * £ "*W/A/
tf»t-<t W>U— stitlrd. ltgii*ffun )'> / "' m
ptrtlcxlar* «n-i invMutbic W| #¦-, IB
tolartle- MAIIVKI, <C. .
Room 2C3. Times B£z.. yew York. - >^-«^* y
>gg?^0&'/EY.STRONGacCO.^k
MARKET SI"! S^SSSt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,C,UrFL*ERjy
1 alaWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5? II n room, the EMPIRE
. UliU PARLOR, the
gy - PALM ROOM.the
llffl TIN LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
O . 1 DIES' WRITING
I Hotels r qom
AMUSEMENTS.
HVDLE8E&
EVERY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINEE.
Second Week of the Great Success of
Gamille D'Arville
In De Koven's Tuneful Comic Ooera,
"The Highwayman"
I HER SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT HAS I
PROVED TO BE THE EVENT OF THE I
THEATRICAL SEASON. I
EDWIN STEVENS In the Great Part of
FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham, Ferris Hartmaxi, Ed-
ward Webb. Annie Myers, Bertha Davis and
all of the Tivoll's superb company and orches-
tra combine to produce a most brilliant per-
formance.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c, 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
IfAblFORNIA
1 . A Dramatic Triumph | CaJa
%J NrErcx-aioEOSco co. ff
Presenting Genevieve Hainc'» m B
_j_ Brilliant Society Drama.
75 HEARTS AFLAME. 7,5
• tv Six Nights Only. ***'
K(\ Prices— 75c. 50e. 25c. «»/>
* FV Bargain Matinee Thursday— ** v
O«J 60c and 25c. 4C
J-** SOUVENIR MATINEE SAT- jt *'
URDAY.
Next Sunday Night. JANICE
T MEREDITH. B*B
The Greatest of All. gLg
GRAND »o&3£
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECOND WEEK— EVERY NIGHT.
BAYMOND AND CAVEBLY
And Our Superb New York Company In
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity,
IN WALL STREET
The .Same Production as Used by the Rogers
,* Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC.
Next — "IN HARVARD."
PRICES— 25c. 50c. 73c^>vjv..
THE THRiF KUHiMS.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
— —VISIT THE
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY. AND HIS
COMPANIONS . ;-'.?
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
" THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c" -
MISCEIjIiANEOUS [ AMUSEMENTS.
GRAUMAN'S 8 S? R TSV A «%.
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
THE LANSING TRIO; VAN FOSSEN and
McCAULEY: MOUNTS and DELMAK; LEa-
• TER and CURTIN: HATHAWAY and WAL-
TON: HANK WHITCOMB: LITTLE BLOS-
SOM: CLINTON MONTGOMERY and THE
I BIOSCOPE. . Prices— Night, 25c, 20c. 15c and
10c: Matinees, 20c and 10c. 'Phone for seats,-Steamer. From. Due.
Weslport San Pedro July 2S
fi. Monica..:. San Pedro July 28
Chehalls Grays Harbor July.2S
S. Harbara.... San Pedro ;...: July 2S
Coronado Grays Harbor. July 28
North Fork... Humboldt July 28
Corona Humboldt .;.. July 28
Curacao Mexican Ports July 29
City of Para.. New York via Panama. July 2»
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports. July 29
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria July 29
Centennial Seattle &• Tacoma July 20
Czarina Coos Bay) |.luly 20
Siberia China & Japan I July 3D
Del Norte Crescent City IJuly 30
fianta Itosa... San DiPfto * Way Ports.Uuly 30
K. H. Leggett. Humboldt Bay |July 30
Argo Kel Klver Port* .... July 31"
Pomona Humboldt July 31
City Puebla.. j Puicet Sound Ports July 31
Claverlng China & Japan July 31
»Vnlnt Arena.. Volnt Arena July 31
Edith Seattle July 31
San Mateo Tacoma .'.... July 31
Tureka Humboldt July 31
Pan Pedro.... Han Pedro |A"Uif. 1
Alliance .Portland & Way Ports. [Aug. 1
Dendernh Seattle '. . . . . I Aufr. 1
Cfiitralla Grays Harbor I Aug. 2
Aroata <'oos Bay & Pt. Orford.Aug. 2
Newburg tJrays Harbor . ...|A««r. 2
Coos Hay Newport & Way Ports. |Aug. 2
G. W. Klder.. Portland 4; Astoria IAuit. .t
State of Cal.. Snn Diego & Way Pts.fAug. 3
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Aug. 4
Umatllla Pug»t. Sound Ports Aug. 5
Ran Jose. : New York via Panama. Aug. 5
KarlpG?a Tahiti |Aug. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. | Pier.
,lnl>- '2S.
Newburg Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier «
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Kurpka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Arcata Coos ».& Pf.Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Coronado Los Angeles Ports. » am Pier 10
Lothian China & Japan, .s. I pm Pier 11
Coos Uay Newport & Way.. « pm Pier 1U
Argyll Nome direct
.Inly 89.
Phoenls P.Arena & -Mnd'no 1 pm Pier 13
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Uqua Humboldt | 1 pm|Pler 2
Rival ., Wlllana Harbor....! 4 pmiPier '£
July ao. (
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 19
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier 19
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
July :tl. I
Czarina Coos Bay direct.. .( 5 pm|PIer 8
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier 2
N. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
.Ncvadan.... Hnolulu St. Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
Aniriiftt 1.
San Pedro... Humboldt | 4 pm|Pler "
Argo Kel Klver Ports 4 pmlPler 2
'} a . moi ? a s »n & Way. 9 amlPler 19
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier "4
Newport N. Y. via Panamall2 ml Pier 40
AllRUMl 2. I I
Centralla Los Angeles Pts..|10 amlPler 2
s ; Rosa S«n Diego & Way| » am|Pler 19
Pomona Humboi.it |l:3op!Pler 1U
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
A.nj2rnnt 4. *"
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alliance Burekn & Coos 'Bay 5 pm Pier 16
AtiKnxt 5.
Denderah... Hamburg & Way Pier
Angunt it.
a'w U FMVr*" » ydne . y & Wa >'---- 2 pm Pier 7
a.W. Elder.. Astoria & Ponland 11 amlPler 24
AiiKiiNf 7. j I
Curacao Mexican Ports ...|10 am|Pler 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For.- Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July 28
Nome City Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. July 23
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 30
Mf t<>or Nome & St. Miohael. .. July 31
Ohio. Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Aztec Nome Auk 1
Senator Nome lAujr •»
CottaseClty.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. a
Spokane Skagway & Way PorU. Aug. 4
Koanoke Nome Sk St. Michael... Aug 4
£,)~Jl\: Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
g iri f° Skagway A Way Ports. Aug. 4
City Seattle.. J Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. • 7
Lnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time,, and Heights of High and Lo W
VVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco nay. Published by official au
vmK'V thft Superintendent.
# .^" ul ,V~ Th9 "'eh and low waters occur at
!»»„?? « y /ro . nt <MIssion-street wharf) about
tZ f h2 hi* ml I!. Ute8 later than at **rt Point:
the height of tlds is the same at both places.
I TUESDAY. JULY 23.
Pun rises K . rn
Sun set S •. .1.... "" 7:0?
Moon aet » ....v.v.v..::;.ibVoi"p. m .
b | Tlme J „ JTimel Tlmel ITime
Ijifjg 18 iljSpiiiiSpiapJ
S? VI? 43 °:50 1.6 4:32 6.6 11:11 1.3
31 5::» 4.110:40 2,0 5:25 5.6
, h W , H w L - w H W
1 0:21 1.0 0:52 3.0 11:44 2.5 «:19 5.6
2 1:25 0.B 8:10 4.0 12:40 2.7 7:13 5.5
3 2:18 0.3 9:15 4.2 1:40 2.0 8:00 6.5
Sun, Moon and Tide.
28
29
no
31
1
3
Fourth Ilacr — G. Whittier, A&rnen
D, Gavlota.
Fifth Race Syrlin. I*ln, DueliM.
Sixth Itare Me Lnngirurth, I'o
litr, Klnc Carter.
SYDNEY. N. S. \V., July 27.-The
Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Sierra sailed from Sydney to-oay for San
Francisco with $2,500,000 in gold on board.
Sierra Bringing $2,500,000.
Eastern Tennis Championship.
BROOKLIXK, Mass.. July 27.— Ward
and Ware to-day won the Eastern doubles
tennis championship by defeating Holt
and Merrill. 7—5. 6—4. 6—1.
Rosecrans Clears.
The 3teamship Rosecrans. Captain Johnson,
which arrived from Nome a few days ago
cleared yesterday for Honolulu. Upon her re
turn Rhe. will probably make another trio to
Nome.
Bate Advances.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Milton Park was advanced yesterday to 25
p?r cent. She is now out '.19 days from Liv
erpool for Fremantle.
*
Her Cargo Heated.
The British ship Morren. from Cardiff for
Honolulu, has put into St. Vincents with her
cargo heated. Part of the freight had to be
Jettisoned.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Rosecrans was cleared yester
day for hnnolulu with 24,000 bbls crude oil
in bulk valued at $33,000.
« :
Charters.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Edouard Detain* Is char
tered for wheat to Europe at 18s 9d and the
British bark Adderley for lumber from Eureka
to Sydney — both chartered prior to arrival.
»
Exports for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla, which sailed on Sat
urday for Victoria, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo, consigned to the principal Brit
ish Columbian ports, valued at $18,722. The
cargo Included the following:
2174 pkgs fresh fruits. «U pkgs fresh vege
tables. 1014 gals wine. U1.205 lbs malt, 28 450
lbs dried fruit, 1875 lbs raisins, 20,335 lbs rye.
49 pkgs groceries and provisions, 905 gals vin
egar. 504 lbs chocolate, 600 lbs soda, 305 lbs
cheese, 372 bxs paste, 447 ch canned- goods
6040 lbs beans, 303 lbs hops, 418 lbs bran, 8400
Iba meal, 85 pkgs onions, 2925 lbs coffee, 4 cs
arms and ammunition, 3 pkgs drugs, 8 cyls gas
000 cs matches. (J0O lbs soda. 7 pkgs paints and
oils. 37C7 lbs asphaltum. 302 pkgs machinery,
3035 lbs hardwood. 3 pkgs dry goods.
The Alameda's Cargo.
The steamer Alameda sailed on Saturday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $120,285, and including the follow
ing: C38 bbls flour. 2735 ctls barley, 43,008 lbs
bran, 28,903 lbs middlings,' 06 ctls wheat. 2344
lbs corn. 56,010 lbs malt 15,000 lbs rice, 2201
pkgs fresh fruits, 06 pkgs fresh vegetables,
1648 pkgs potatoes, 301 pkgs onions, . 13,417 lbs
bread. 15,880 lbs lard, 43G1 Iba and 7 cs cheese
83U7 lbs and 10 cs mtllstuffa. 480 cs ' canned
goods, 10,900 lbs codfish, 180 lbs tea, 832 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1G85 lbs dressed poul
try. 1720 lbs and 3 cs fresh fish, 1785 lbs fresh
meat. 5000 lbs sugar, 13,500 lbs ham . and
bacon, 88 bbls and 80 cs salmon. 7352 lbs and
19 pkgs butter. 105 cs eggs,*' 2730 lbs and 7
pkgs dried fruit,' 858 lbs nuts, 770 lbs raisins
10,141 lbs beans, .10 cs whisky, 2685 gals and
14 cs wlne« 25 eg liquors, 3305 lbs candy 1022
lbs glucose. 8 pkgt paate, 3000 lbs salt, 75 casks!
C. W. Munson, 16 years old, while as-
Fbuing in constructing a railing on board
the steamship Ventura last evening short
ly after 6 o'clock, fell into the hold of the
vessel. On his being removed to the Har
bor Hospital in an unconscious condition
it was learned that he was'suffering from
several lacerated wounds of the face, but
he was otherwise uninjured. Munson fell
a distance of more than twenty feet.
Young Man Injured hj a Fall.
The Norwegian bark Bonafide. which ar
rived here Sunday from New Zealand, has
been chartered by Williams. Dlmond & Co.
to carry lumber to the Marquesas Islands and
from there to take pearl shells and copra to
the United Kingdom. While In New Zealand
Captain Olsen had an opportunity to
charter his vessel for the United
Kingdom at 25s, a very much better
rate than he could hone to get from San
Francisco at present, or for a long time to
come. He refused the charter, and under
orders from his owners came here In ballast.
The Bonafide's small size and the fact that
she Is a wooden vessel made her unavailable
for a grain charter. The Bonaflde Is a vessel
of 6S4 tons register and can carry only about
700 tons of freight
Bark Bonafide Chartered.
Second race, ore mile and seveaty yards:
»-eII.ng; three-year-olds — Harkenyacic 100 Nic
Ixiogworth JCO, General Prig IGO, Scoffer 100
FAlora '.*:>. Pittarus «2. Isle o f Wight 90 Helen
<:. S. 90. Judge Fulton 82. Harrison 100 Al
bany Olrl JX». Royal Pirate U\ Velos 07 Rlng
dove 100. Chicle »\ Squid 97. Osrood 1OO
Court Maid J»0. Pastoral ».',. Earl of Norfolk 87*
Third race, five end a half furlongs; selling
two-year-olds; Greenfield stake* — Florizel 101 '
Gold Dome 107. Isblana »». The Bowery Ufil
>.agary I06. Apmes Brennan fiO, Luminosity 10°'
Donnelly 1U2. Revelation 108. noperul Miss !u'
Any Way !*4. Botnbino »4. Short Cake 94'
I^ameoki 112. \ .
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles
handicap— Ar.dv William* 118, Oom Paul lis'
G. Whittier 105. Satire 100. Daisy Green 9S*
£P£? D 9 i Gaviota 'JO. Daly 'JO. April Shower
Fifth race, six furlongs; selling— General
Png 108, Dr. BisyeJI JO. Annie Grace 104. CIn
oinnatus 83. Star and Garter 84, Prancer 10«"
Buxton 101, Dublin 107, True Blue 10« Our
103 ,' ly>C r krt 110 ' SyrIln 1H - All Gold
1«». Lltt.e Jack Horner 101. Invasion 10*. Judge
Fultoa »0. Choste 100. Tim D Jr 115,-lsla 10*
W.mly *fl. John Basteycorn 109. '
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards
?5ft ld T«T'7 IC ,rV OI V? WOrth 110 ' w «"l*ni S tead
M f Aa) . im « 105 - Wrtray 107. Stonewall 110
£?-" a «-^ r>r ' >r 107 ' I ' ady Knl *hthood 1C5. Velos
Polite 10.. King Carter 110. Pa** Book 107
nuswM Garth 110. Thoughtless 105, East Kels!
ton Id. Negative 105. The Dancer 107. Earl
of Norfolk 107. Lord fiterling 107.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
<Hy the New York Telegraph)
i» n r*M n i? N Divination, Jim K>I
l>. Oold Home.
JAMAICA ENTREES.
XEW YORK. July 27.— Weather eood; track
I4M. Jamaica entries:
Fir*t race, five ar.d a half furlongs- two
,yes.r-old»—Or.iiarme 102. Flcrizel .<4 Mohican
J02. Gold lv,ne 102. Filent Water 104 Dinah
Fhad ll*. OctoU-r Flower J»9. Jim Kelly 107
J04. Olad fcmlle 93, Thistle Heather 1O4 Pe
tunia 109. "
The Kosmos liner Silesia arrived yesterday
from Hamburg 'and was ordered Into quarantine
for fumigation. The passengers were landed
ami the steamship will be released some time
to-day. The .Silesia called at Antwerp. Lon
don. Tenerlffe and a score of South and Cen
tral American ports and It was in these lut
ter calls that the Federal quarantine officials
find the necessity for fumigation. The Silesia
brought 1711 tons of cargo, but between 'the
numerous ports of call has handled many times
that amount of freight since leaving Hamburg.
From South and Central American ports the
liner gathered quite a large shipment of
treasure. It Included 201, 0GO Mexican dol
lars and gold and silver bullion valued at
$110,017. The passengers were:
Claude Harness". Miss Harness C M West,
A. Robertson. E. G. Boise. E. Calvet Mr
and Mrs. Martinet, MIsa M. Martinet Miss
Minnie Martinet. C. Chapman, Mrs. Lamp?
Fred Lampe, L. B. Hawkins
Kosmos Liner Arrives.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Klrnt Kace — Sonoa, AlIoRrel t«-.
Pfnkr "-
Srrond Rac«> Daddy Bender, Lit
tle Lot*, A'arner.
Third Kace — Wellenley, "Weird,
Northern Spy.
Fourth Hare — Rnlnland, Fore
liuiu!. Wreath of Ivy.
Fifth Itare — Ivernfa, 3IIhm "Went.
Montana I'eerens.
Sixth Race— Tony Lepplnsr, Pierce
J, (>ini>pr(iy.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing — Cas?t Iron 100. Emma Meyer 85, Kinloch
Hark 1GX. Ton> Lepplng 100, Pierce J Km;,
I^atson 105. Dr. Carrick 10M. Pamplona W.\,
trown Vail 103, Morris Volmer 108. Lasso 08,
Ginspray 105.
DEL3IAH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— l.,Fgju;on
»4. Lynch {<•:. Alflo 9J. Theory 107. Sxesi
Dream 101, Mis* Wept 100. Orleans 10:1, Mlmo
101. King RoFe 10.'!. Ivernia 10U, Montana
Peerless !iS. Hol-art Ml
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Ingolthrift
105. Wreath of Ivy 102, Ralnland 115. Fore
tianci 110. ImboJen 105.
Third race. Fix and a half furlir.rs, sell
ing—La Rouse 102. Meddlesome WJ. l^ord Ne
ville 107. Northern Spy 107, Dr. Hart 102,
Weird 104. i-'ubmarine «7. Wellesley 104. Leila
Uarr 102. Temptress 108, Mollle T 10U, Charted
C 105.
First race, four and one-half fcrlongs, fell
ing—Footlights Favorite 1CS. Bush Smith 10S,
Our Ltllle lOh. Buzzy 1OS. Allegreite 10>>.
Foson US, Caryota lui. Black Knough 10:1,
Pinky B lO.i, lirlde 103. Sextette 1<«. Mrs.
Malaprop 103.
Second race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing — Oton Clay l«w, Galanthus 100. Varner •.i'*,
Lttt!e Lois 103, Hanan 105, Fonspmy 105 Ida.
Penzance 10.J. Florrie S S*J, The Fi«!dler 105,
Mazzara 105. Daddy Bender 145, Mi*> Kon mi,
Clan> leader !»2.
ST. LOUIS, July 27.— Weather clear; track
fast. Oelmar Park entries:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Notice to Mariners.
ALASKA
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes In the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect the List of Lights and Fog
Signals, PaciUc Coast. ll>0:i:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Columbia River Inside bar gas buoy, page
28, No. «J I (List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast. 190.1, page 51)-<rhls PS. buoy was
moved to the southward *July 18 Into 37 feet of
water. The buoy now used Is larger and of
an improved pattern, showing a fixed .white
light. l.s fer-t 'above the water, during periods
of 12 seconds, separated by eclipses of 20 sec
onds duration;' Cape,- Disappointment Light
house. N by E, »i - E, easterly; Point Adams
(discontinued) Lighthouse. E by S, T4 S: North
Head Lighthouse, N by W, northerly.
Tree Point, page 48, No. 220 (List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific Coast. 190.1. page 87)— On or
about August 1 a fixed white lens lantern light
will' be established an a guide ror vessels navi
gating Revillaglgedo Channel. Until the com
pletion of the Tree Point light station the light
will.be shown from a temporary platform about
BO feet above the water near the extremity .of
the point and will lie discontinued without fur
ther notice when -the third-order light to be
constructed goes into operation.
The following affects the List of Beacons
and Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1903:
OREGON AND WASHINGTON.
Columbia River entrance, page 51. inner buoy,
a PS. nr»t-vla»s can, was discontinued July IS.
Clatsop Spit buoy. No. 2, a Iirst-class nun,
was discontinued July is. •
WASHINGTON.
Wlllapa Bay entrance, page C9, inner buoy,
a PS., flrst-cluss nun, was moved to the south
ward In 27 feet of water July 15: house on
outer end of wharf- Toke Point, NNE >i E:
north edge of trees on Leadbetter Point, h, %
N: Willapa Bay lighthouse, N »i W.
By order of the Usrhthouf>e Hoard.
C. G. CALKINS- Commander, I'. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
4-
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
New evidence has been obtained by De
tective Tom Gibson regarding the way
matters were managed In the Eppinger
warehouses at Crockett. A person who
was engaged in the warehouses has
stated to Detective Gibson that he, as a
weigher, acting under instructions used
for a long period a small secret weight,
which, when placed on the scales by
which the farmers' grain was weighed,
robbed the farmers of fifteen pounds of
grain in every four bags.
Detective Gibson has obtained posses
sion of the weight that was employed
against the farmers. It was placed on
what is known technically by the weigh
ers as the "P" of the scales, being at
tached to the bottom of the place where
the regular weights are when in position.
Pitch or some other adhesive substance
was used to hold the defrauding weight
in place while the scales were "balanced"
preliminary to the weighing of a lot of
grain. Then it was deftly taken out by
the weigher and concealed in his pocket
to be used again.
This loss to the farmers is in addition
to the two pounds taken from every sack
for "shrinkage." The weight that Gib
son has will be put In evidence before
the Grand Jury, when the prosecuting
banks that took the warehouse receipts
and were defrauded will try to furnish
testimony sufficient to have an indict
ment brought against Bernhard Ettllng
er, the only member of tht: firm of Ep
plnger & Co. who has not been indicted.
No man can give anything and keep it—
except a promise.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. July 27.-The feature event
at Hawthorne to-day, the third race, the
July sellinir stakes, was won by Pat
Dunne's Glassful, a son of the great sire
Mirthful, which was burned to death In
his stall at Lexington a week ago. The
race .was won in a gallop, Glassful hav
ing nearly three lengths to spare over Or
sina, which beat Ed -Corrigan's Serge a
length and a half. XJlassful was backed
from 3 to 1 to 13 t^5 in the books. The
card generally was excellent. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
10 to 1— At!antlco. 113 (Waterb'y) 3 3 1 h
9 to 5— My Gem, 110 (Henry)-. • 6 2 2 1
25 to 1— Harfang, 113 (R. Williams) 2 8 3 h
Time, :55 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. J. Baldwin's b. c. by Vlctor-Ata
lanta II. Durbar 110, Miss McMeekln 110,
Outwal 110, Codex 110, Anora J 110. Interro
gation 110, Black Wolf 113. Polk Miller 110.
Saint Blue 113, Rian 110, Trapsetter 113, Jus
tice Morel 110, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course:
Betting. . Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. fi Fin.
S to 5 — Ceylon. 158 (Owens) 12 12
5to 1— Imperialist, 157 (Brazil)... 3 1 2 8
7 to 2— Montanlc, 14M (J. Johnson) 5 3 3 2
Time, 2:63 3-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. C. Hlldreth's br. g. by Hindoo-
Amy Davenport. Joe McGee 128, Falella 135
(ran out), Alma Girl 134 (threw rider), also
ran. t
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
July selling stakes:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
13 to 5— Glassful. 91 «H. Phillips). 3 2 1 2*4
4 to 1— Orslna, 88 (Treanor) 4 1 2 1b
9 to 1 — Serge, 91 (S. Bonner)..*. . . 2 4 3 n
Time. 1:463-5. Start excellent. Won easily.
Winner, P. Dunne's b. g. by Mirthful-Belle
Hoyt. Hermencia CS. Major Tenny 96,
Schwalbe 100, Leflare 101, Bondage 95. also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; stMlng:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Louisville, 90 (H. Phillips) 1 1 1 n
20 to 1 — Meehanus, 111 (Domlnlck). 12 7 2 n
3 to 1— Sardine 110 (Helgefen)... 3 4 3 4
Time 1:14 2-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. C. E. Malone & Co.'s ch. m. by Fan
tlslmo-Lucarta. Louis Wagner 105, Flaunt 101.
Bard Burns 104. Lovable 80. Ohapan 10..
Erema 00, Cousin Carrie 104. llaydon 102,
St. Cuthbert 107. Censor 104, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Optional 102 IS. Bonner).ll Oil
5 to 2— Zlbia. 1C5 (Helgesen) 112 4
40 to 1— A. Abbott, 104 (W.Knap) 4 4 3 n
Time 1:14 1-5.. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, II. Dernham's ch. f. by Imp. Albert-
Option. Sharplesa 104. Carrie I 99, Sharp
Bird 109 Silver Fizz 99. Pomplno 111. Howen
dabler iO6. Senator Matt* 10«. Pompey 9».
Eva's Darling 9«. Emma A. M. 97, James J.
Corbett 109, Zella Knight 102. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse:
Belting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
3 to &— McGee, 104 (Helgesen) 1111
8 to 5 — Postmaster Wright, 111
(Domlnlck) •» 3 26 ,
25 to 1— Floyd K, 107 (L. Wilson). 4 6 3 3^
Time. 1 :40 3-5. Start good. Won In a can
ter. Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. c. by White
Knight-Remorse. Snowdrift 100. Nesturla 104,
John Powers 101, also ran.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 27.— Weather cloudy; track
fast. Washington Park entries:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Chapel 103.
Freckman 103. Bill Nolan 101 George R. Har
rison 100. Banwell 0». Henry Lyons 9S. Apolll
narls 1MJ. Spencerian 9«. Requlmls 9«. Frank
Ca secon<l race, six furlongs— Toah lit. J/E*
tenne 109 Skilful 108. Bardolph 1*5. Sylvia
Talbot US.' Mary McCafferty OS. The Crisis 9*.
Taballerlus 100, Wolfram 100 Ran Gallant 100.
Third race, one mile, handicap — Brags KW,
Hargls 10r. The Giver 103. Havlland 100.
Schwalbe 100. Brulare 00. Huzzah 90. Ahola 9*.
Fourth race one and a quarter miles, selling
— Zazel 102 Barea 99. Hayward Hunter 9O.
Little Eiktn 90. Flaunt 99. Compass 97. Our
*FUth 7ace five furlongs, selling — Helgerson
101 Touchstone 105, Sol Smith lot. Ralph
Young 104. Salto 103. Brookwood Bell 101. El
wood 00. Ocgnomen 90, Dorlce 86.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, celling
Greenock 107, Queen Victoria 102. Lady Cho
rister 102 Wing Dance 100. Blocker 90. Prairie
Dog 80, Barney Burke fl2. Fading Light 87, The
Ladaen 105. " j '";
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flrat Race — Reqnlmln, Franlc
Cnrr, CJeorpe R. Hni-rUton.
Second Hncr — Toah. I/Etrenne,
Third Race — Hnrglii, Brulare,
Ilavlland. . ...
Fourth Rac« Hajrtvard Hnnter,
/.am. Oar Heinle.
Fifth Race— Helere>r»on. Cogno
men, TonchMone.
Sixth Race Fndlnsr Mclit. Hlnc
Dance, I.ady ChorlMer.
HOLD TROTTING MEETING
WITHOUT P00LSELLING
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 27.—Cleveland
ers were treated to-day to the novel sight
of a grand circuit trotting meeting with
out poolselllng, the courts having prohib
ited it. This action was the result of the
crusade started by ifayor Goff of Glen
vllle, in whose limits the Cleveland track
is located. The crowd was one of the
smallest in years, while the fields in the
several races also were smaller, in spite
of the fact that the entry list had been
unusually large. Summary:
2'11 trot- purse, $1000— AHIe Wood won both
heat?. Time, 2:10, 2:00^.
2:00 pace: purs*. $2000— Fanny Dill won sec
end and third heats and the race. Time.
2:00 VI; 2:00*». Little Squaw won first heat In
2'OlVi.
2:20 trot: purse, J100O— Aerollght won second
and third heats and the race. Time. 2:12*4.
2:13. Lucy Lee won first heat In 2:16%.
2:25 trot; purse, $1200 — John Taylor won
both heats and the rare. Time. 2:14. 2:11%.
2:1S pace; purse. $1000— Tom K»ene won
both heats and the race. Time. 2:07%. 2:C5Vi.
Stmr Despatch, Hansen, 61 Vi hours from As
toria, i bound to Redondo; put In to discharge
100 poles. <
Stmr Acme, Lundqutst, 40 hours - from Coos
Bay. 'ft
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, 12 hours frorn.Bowen*
Landing.
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen, 63 hours fm Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Newburg, Anflndsen, 43 hours from R«
dondo.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne; 30 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 42 hours
from San Dl»go and way ports.
Ger stmr Silesia, Lorenz, 121 days from Ham
burg, via Mazatlan 0 days.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, 7 days from Port
Blakeley. . : .
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Albion, Olsen, 4'i days from Bandon.
• CLEARED.
Monday, July 27.
Stmr Rosecrans. Johnson. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co.' _
Ktmr Coo* Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pac
Coast S S Co.
. SAILED.
Monday, July 27.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr .Santa Crui, Glelow, Port Harford.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka.
. Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Caspar.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller Mendoclno.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River.
Schr ' Newark. Relnertsen, Stewarts Point.
Schr Bessie K, Marriam. San Vicente Land
ing. -
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS— July 27, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SYV; velocity 12 miles.
July 21— Lat 4ff N, long 8 W, Ger ship Adolf,
from Antwerp for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS,
» The stmr Farallon, which sailed from Seattle
July 2« for Skagway, Is tied up at Port Towns
end on account of a strike of firemen and oilers.
LONDON, July 27— Br ship Morven, from
Cardiff for Honolulu, put into St. Vincent with
cargo heated; Jettisoned a portion of cargo.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SEATTLE— Sailed July 26— Stmr City of
Seattle, for Skagway; atmr Centennial, for San
Francisco; stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
Arrived July 20 — Stmr Excelsior, from Val
de». 27 — Stmr Jeanle. from Nome; stmr Dol
phin, from Skagway; stmr Rainier, he July 23.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 27— Stmr Homer,
from Unalaska. .
ASTORIA— Arrived July 2ft— Schr Mabel
Gale, from Manila: stmr Alliance, hence July
22. 27 — Br ship Blythswood, from Honolulu.
Sailed July 'M — Bktn Willie K Hume, for
Haiphong. 27 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 27— Br
stmr Wynerlc. from Ladysmtth for Nome.
' COOS BAY— Arrived July 20— Schr Ivy, hnce
July 12. * •
TILLAMOOK— Arrived July 26— Schr Oak
land; hence July 4.
TATOOSH— Passed July 27— Schr Frank W
Hows, hence July 17 for Port Townsend; stmr
Noma City, from Valdez for Seattle; Jap stmr
Tosa Maru, from Yokohama for Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 27— Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence July 20, and sailed for San
L)iego.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 2ft— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 26— Schr Alert, from San Pedro;
schr A B Johnson, hence July 3; stmr Centra
lla. hence July 23; schr Jennie Stella, hence
July 8; schr Henry Wilson, hence July 11.
CIIIGN1K BAY— Arrived Apr 30— Bark Guy
C Goss, from Seattle.
KENAI— Arrived Apr 22— Bark Harvester,
from Seattle.,
YKB BAY (Alaska)— Arrived May 17— Schr
•Maid of Orleans, from Seattle.
UYAK— Arrived May 8— Ship St Paul, from
Seattle.
NUHHAGAK— Arrived May 22— Ship Amer
ica, from Seattle: '
Ul'NDAB — Arrived prior to June 14 — Bark
F«rrl« S Thompson, from Seattle.
HUNTERS BAY— Arrived prior to Jnue 14—
Bark Kate Davenport, from Seattle.
MARSH FIELD— Sailed July 27— Stmr Czar
ina, for San Francisco. >
.Arrived July 27 — Schr Western Home, hence
July 7; Bchr Repeat, from San Pedro.
* WIIATCOM- Arrived July 27— Schr Argus,
from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July . 20— Stmr
Brooklyn, hence July 25.
EUREKA— Arrived July 27— Ship Emily F
Whitney, hence July 15; atmr Pasadena, hence
July 25; schr Columbia, hence July 25, In
tow of atmr OlymDlc.
Hailed July 27— Stmrs North Fork and Coro
na, for San Francisco. >
UNALA8KA— Arrived July 19— Stmr St Paul,
hence July 11.
In port July 19 — U S stmrs New York. Ben
nlngton. Bear and Marblehead.
Sailed July In — t: S stmr Hugh McCulloch.
for St. Michael.
BAN DIEGO— Arrived July 27— Br ship Van
duara, from Antwerp; Ger ship Urania, from
Hamburg.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 27— Stmr Santa.
Monica, from Redondo; schr Irene, from Fair
haven.
Sailed July 27— Stmrs Redondo and Westpoi't,'
for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 27— Stmr Na
varro. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In July 27 —
Bark Charmer.
ABERDEEN— Arrived July 27— Stmr Centra
lla. hence July 2.1; schrs Henry Wilson and W
F Jewett, hence July 11; schr Jennie Stella,
hence July 8; schr Chas E Falk, from San
Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS,
NORFOLK— Arrived July 25 — Br stmr In
dranla, from Manila.
ISLAND PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived July 20— Br ship Car
manlan, from Newcastle, Au». 27 — Stmr Xe
braskan, from Seattle.
H1LO— Arrived July 11— Schl Wllbert H
Smith, from Grays Harbor.
MAHUKONA— Arrived July 8— Schr Mary
Dodge, hence June 18.
FOREIGN PORTS,
HONGKONG— Arrived July 25— Br stmr
Gaelic, hence June 27.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed July 26— Bark
James Nesmith, for Honolulu.
GUAYMAS — Arrived July 25 — Schr Fearless,
from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 25 — Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence July 7.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 23— Br stmr
Chlng Woo, hence July 3.
Sailed July 25 — Br stmr Atholl, for San
Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed July 27— Stmr Sierra, for
San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 20— Schr
Annie E Smale, from Comox.
HAMBURG — Arrived July 24 — Ger stmr Tot
ones, hence Mar 18.
NEWCASTLE, N8W— Sailed July 1— Br ship
Scottlnh Lochs, for San Francisco. 3 — Nor
stmr Tellus, for San Francisco. 4 — Br bark
Peter Iredale, for San Francisco. 0 — Br ship
Celtic Queen, for Acapulco.
In port July 0 — Bark Abby Palmer, for Hono
lulu: Nor ship America, for Panama; Br ship
Ancalos. for San Francisco; Br bark Anccnis.
for San Francisco; Nor bark City of Agra, for
Honolulu; Fr bark Ernest Legouve, for San
Francisco; Br ship Euphrosyne, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Levernbank, for San Francisco;
Br ship Norma. for San Francisco; Br bark
Pass of Balmaha. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREMEN — Arrived July 27 — Stmr Bremen,
from New York -via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived July 27 — Stmr Hohen
zollern. from New York for Naples and Genoa.
Passed July 27— Stmr Lahn, from Genoa and
Naples for New York.
GENOA— Sailed July 27— Stmr Prince Sig
mund. for New York.
GLASGOW— galled July 27— Stmr Lauren
tlan. for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 27— Stmr Cedrlc.
from New York; slmr Etrurla, from New York;
stmr Bavarian, rtom Montreal; stmr Canada,
from Montreal and Quebec.
CHERBOURO— Sailed July 27— Stmr Grosser
Kerfurst, from Bremen and Southampton for
New York.
Arrived July 27— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm II.
from New York via Plymouth for Bremen, and
proceeded.
BOULOGNE— Sailed July 27— Stmr Staaten
dam, from Rotterdam for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 27— Stmr Kroon
land, from Antwerp.
ST. MICHAELS— Arrived July 27— Stmr
Cambroman, from Genoa and Naples for Bos
ton.
FILL BEAD DUCKS WITH AIR
TO MAKE THEM LOOK FAT
Chinese Farmers in Honolulu' Use
Bicycle Pumps to Supply Birds
With Plumpness.
HONOLULU, July 21.— Housekeepers in
Honolulu are having anew experience In
their marketing. Ducks raised by Chinese
are an article of every day fart^ at the
dinner table, but care must be exercised
in their -purchase. The Chinese farmers
have a habit of using bicycle pumps to
Inflate .their, ducks, which, when dressed,
present a young and plump appearance.
Puncturing the ducks, - however, has the
same result as pricking a toy balloon.
They become flat, bony and scraggy un
der the application of a sharp knife.
JF-OtTRTH RACE— Glendale Handicap; one
*n<l an eighth miles:
lletting. .Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
—4 to 1 — Hunter Kaine. 109 (Odom) 3 2 13
II to 20 — Roehampton, llSiBullmn) 1 :< 2 %
10 to 1 — W.R. Condon. UHMHaack) 2 1 •'{ J 2
Tinie. 1 :m 4-5. Start good. Won ridden
out. Wlr.ner, A. Shield's h. c. by I^ongstreet-
Cbartreuse. Tugai Bey 92, Athelroy '.«», also
n&
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; m&'dtn 2-year-oIils:
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *; Fin.
:.¦' to 1 — Flamtnula. lm (Htcks).. & 3 1 < 2
to 1 — (Jold Dome, 112 (Haatk).. 1 1 2 t»
• 5 to 2 — 21. Theo. 110 (Odom) 2 2 3 6
Time, 1 :0S 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. Mexican Stable's ch. f. by Klambeau-
Oretchen. Billings 112. Berosa 112. Miats tthy-
MB. Highwind 112. Ned Moore 112, Cap
xnit Gown 10». Donnelly 112. Fitr Rosa lie.*, L*
Cretrue KB*. Gypsy IJen 109, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt, «* Fin.
5 to 2 — Duke :<¦ r.dall. 110 (Odom) 4 4 12
4 t# 1 — DiFadvantage, 103 (Fuller) 112 2
4« to I— Sheriff Bell. 10S (Larson) 5 3 3 &
Time. 1 :40. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. A. Shield's br. c. by Sir Modred-Duche»s
of Kendall. Flying Buttress 108. Yellow Tail
120. Goldsby 112. Trtstecse SI. Ocm Paul NO
also ran.
SEVKXTH RACE— Five and a ha!f furlongs-
I'Urse; maiden 2-year-olds:
Betting. Horfe. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Gr. Crowing. 109 (Dangmn)2 1 I !,
IS to 1— Black Socks. ICO (Haarkl 1 2 * :t
1 10 2— Oct. Flower, 109 (Wilkrsn) 6 8 3 h
Time, j :oi*. Start guod. Won driving Win
ner. E. L. Graves" br. f. by Wagner-Elsie
Vaterspout 112. Klngsboro 112. G. Mallow KM
The Bowery 112. Pompano 112. Emergency ion'
Ternrock 112. Tom ODay 112. iIm ran.
THIRD RACE— Youthful etakes; two-year
olds; Fix furlongs:
i> i:.:v Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a + Fin.
« to 1 — Harrlwood. 112 (Bullman) 4 4 11,
7 to 10 — Peritaur. 112 (Cochran).. 3 3 2 2
2 to 1 — lin'e King. 122 (Odom).. 2 2 3 h
Time, 1:14. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. W. L Oliver's b. c. by Puryear D-IIazel
Slac. Tim I'ayne 112 also ran.
verdure. Borders of flowers are dotted
along the track rails. There was easily
10.000 of the faithful to witness the first
• day's races. The track was in good shape,
though somewhat deep with sand.
Roehampton was beaten in the Glen
<iale handicap by Hunter Raine. When
the field was sent away, "W. R. Condon
went to the front, with Roehampton eec
*nd and Hunter Raine last. Their order
remained the same to the far turn, where
Odom moved up with Hunter Raine and
the stretch was reached, the latter
took the lead and won by two lengths.
Roehampton beat \V. R. Condon three
jjarts of a length for the place. Sum
' mary:
FIRST RACE— Handicap; all age?; six fur
longs:
JVtur.g Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
«i to 1 — Rosptint 1<>S (Cochxanj... 2 1 1 h
3 to 1— Astarita.' 123 < Hicks* 4 2 2 4
!>. to 1— Ktnit Pepper. 1"2 (Hoar).. 3 6 3 h
' " Time. 1 :13 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. J. Boden"* ch. f. by Hactlngs-1-a.dy
ltoscmary- Northern Star 12S. Operator 110.
Sauanto !•«. Wealth 104. Capttvator H>S. Or
loST SK». Demurrer 105. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Selling; three-year-dld* and
'4P»ard; mile and seventy yard*:
a.. U;r.fc. Horse Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 1 to £.— Satire. Kfc (Hicks) 11 « 11
K to 1— E. Parham. 10^ (Fuller). 4 12 3
15 to 1 — lVtra II. 118 (Dangman). 13 3 2
Time. 1 :45 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. Ftllows Jr.'s b. h. by Juvenal
liandola. Irish Jewel I OS. Watertower 107,
Lord Advocate K'O Past 90 Justice 102. Strol
ler ION Mtssina 10.J, Barbara Frietchie »S.
Carroll D 101. Sir Florian lotf. Belle of Troy
30U Cloche d'Or t<4. Reformer OS, also ran.
JAMAICA RACE TRACK, July 27.-
Jarnalca looked well to-day compared with
Its appearance last spring. The lawns
are green and the inSeld sIjowb elgns of
Special Dispatch to The CaM
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horne, "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
(i to 1— Axares. 1C5 (D. Austin). 4 1 1 6
15 to 1 — Immortelle, 92 (Bridewell) 2 2 2 1'4
'J to 2— Our Lady. 102 (Howell). 5 S 3 »*
Tim*. 1:47. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, Otts Bros." ch. c. by The Kaiser-Green
Sleeves. Parley's Dream 101. Baronet 104 Si-
Paul IOC. General Dix &0. King's Court 107.
Pirate"? Daughter 103, Tambourine Girl 92.
Wrna Rice 10<i, Deerliunter 90. King'n Sister
JS-'t. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
5 to 2 — Stand Pat, 102 (Austin). 2 1 1 *fc
11 »o 5— Pirateer. 102 (F. Smith). 4 3 2 8
4 to 1— Orpheum. HKS (Bridewell) 3 2 3 15
Time. 1:42»4. Start good. Won hard held.
Winner, Hayes & Jackson'tt b. g. by Luke
Blackburn-Vestige. Pettijohn 102 also ran.
Time. 1:47«4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-
Aula l«ala. Kans«( City U2, Qulsanto 1<H, also
ran
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 10— Mifs M. l>ay. 10«i < Baker) 2 112
S to S— Maude Gonne, 102 (Hall) 12 2 4
9 to 2— Ev« G 912 (Jackson).. 3 3 3 20
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
selling:
B«tttng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •; Fin.
IS lo 1— P<-ach Juice. 102 (Swain). 3 111
7 to 1 — St.Koche, 109 (W. Watson) 2 3 2n
15 to 1 — Shortstop, JJO (Shea) 1 4 3 ns
Time, G7i». Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, li. C. Watktnii' b. c. by The Hero-Uttle
Grove Queen. Frank Collins 101, Benton »:i.
Castle Gregorj' 101. Glen Esher 03, Thundera
tion US, Thales 107. Bustler 104, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
letting. Hurse, Weight. Jockey. St. ** Fin.
7 to 2— May. Graham.lON&Austln) >s .'¦ 1 "i
8 to 1— Harry Griffith. «7 (Gullelt) 6 1 2 n
& to 1— Ayl. Bruce. 05 (Bridewell) 3 2 3 4
Time, lrl.i'j. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. O Neil's ch. c. by Rosstngton-Betsy
liruerk. Varna Konso U3, Mathtlde 105, Feronlu
100. Sister Lillian 98, Crime 100, Totlla HO,
Novteta 1OS, aim ran.
8T. LOUIS, July 27.— A ver^y ordinary
card of six events was offerd at Delmar
to-day. The feature was the fourth race,
a handicap at a mile and a sixteenth,
with five' starter?, which was easily taken
by Miss Mae Day. Weather warm, track
fast. Summary: „
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 2— Failles Uergeref, 105 (A.
W. Baker) 5 2 In
12 to 1— Toupee. 105 <D. Hall) 4 12 1
4 to 1— Wigwam, 1U5 <J Sheehan) s 7 3 'j
Tim*. 1:0a. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. K. S. Oardn<T'» b. f. by llimyar-Krog
more. Fort Warden 103, Sadie Birch 102. Mr*.
Malaprop 10". Major Carpenter 10S, Lampa
drotne K':>. Bt Giles 10S, also ran.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Good Attendance on Opening
Day at the Jamaica
Track.
Stand Pat Takes Mile Selling
Event Without Being
Let Down.
California-Bred Filly Orsina
Buns Into Second
Place.
Weigher for Company Tells
How Petty Fraud Was
Committed.
beer, 2ni>0 lbs and 46 pkgs tobacco, 130 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 121 cs boots and shoes, 132
pkgs dry goods, 35 cs hats and caps, 72 pkgs
machinery, 178 bdls wire. 17 pkgs electrical
supplies, 2S3 gals and 4 pkgs alcohol, 249 gals
spirits, 2.'t cs arms and ammunition, 29 pkgs
leather, 45 cs candles, 107 bxs soap, 382 pkgs
paints and oils, 0 pkgs agricultural implements,
:»74 pkgs paper, 25 bales oakum, 120 bdls
shooks. B cs matches, 128 bdls and 100 bars
iron, 23 bars and 1 bdl steel, 15 cyls ammonia,
452 pkBs ami :;•.)•_• pes pipe.
Easily Wins Mile-and-a-
Sixteenth Handicap
at Delmar.
Roehampton Is Second
and W. R. Condon
Third.
Warehouses of Eppin
gers Furnish More
Developments.
Son of Mirthful Wins
Hawthorne Feature
in a Gallop.
Lands the British Mail at Auckland in Shortest Time
Ever Made Between London and the New Zealand
City and Beats the Best^Previous Run to Sydney
¦
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Ventura, Captain Hay ward, which
arrived yesterday from Australia,
established on her outward pas
sage a new record for speedy
transportation between here and the An
tipodes. Incidentally she delivered the
British mails at Auckland just twenty
eight days after the date of their leav
ing London, the best time ever made be
tween London and Auckland. Th? mails
left London May 23 and on June 2". they
were being hustled ashore from te-i Ven
tura. The liner's time from here tr#Auck
land was sixteen days twenty-seviSi min
utes, of which she was actually under
way just fifteen days four hours a id for
ty-one minutes. The Ventura's actual
steaming time from San Francl co to
Sydney was eighteen days thirteen
hours and ten minutes, which Is* eleven
hours and forty-five minutes better than
any previous record. i
The Ventura experienced fine weather
throughout the homeward voyage and ar
rived yesterday ;' with many passengers
and a full cargo.
There was a death on the liner almost
at the end of the voyage. Juanita Dreler,
a 9-year-old girl, died, from appendicitis.
Juanita and her sister, a year or two
older, had been attending school .'n this
city. Their home is in Honolulu a:«d ihey
left here on the Ventura to spen4l their
vacation at tne Hawaiian capital.! They
caught the liner on her return trip anil,
although Juanita had been compfiitilrig,
nothing serious was feared. Appendicitis
developed, however, and the little?' victim
died on Sunday night. Dr. Clarke, the
liner's surgeon, and Drs. T. "Wholey and
M. W. O'Connell, who were passengers,
did all they could for the little sufferer.
An operation was impossible on Recount
of the extreme weakness of the patient.
Among the Ventura's passengers were
some noted colonials. Miss C. E. Ruwson,
sister of Sir Harry Rawson, Govfrnor of
New South Wales, was a passen/>'T. R.
Entz, general manager in Sydney of the
North German Lloyd Sreamship Com
pany, arrived on the Ventura. D. barker
and P. E. Fabricus, reputed the Richest
men in Samoa, came up on the l^ e r.
The Ventura's passengers included the
following named:
Sydney— T. F Byrne Mrs Isidore
II. A. Darling H. Ft. Darling. Mr. aii'l Mrs.
J B. Dusenbury. K. Entr. C. P. Hammond.
Mls>s M. A. Klnsay Mies L li Maso* Ivan
Nelson. Miss C. E Ranson. Mrs. C. R. AVheel
nriRht Mr. and Mrs. . W. Searle. M&«s Ina
Searle. Dr T. Wholey. T. F. StenneU, Mrs.
A. G. Stinnett. Mtss> 1. Stennett. i
Auckland— Mr. and Mrs. F. Courage. T.
Dicken Mr and Mrs. A. H. Hohn, Mr. and
Mr?. II. C. Eddy and 2 children. J. iforrison
Jones. U. 8 Maxwell. Mrs A. Motr. A. Pen
nyciuk. Mr. arid Mrs. II. S. Wlldeblood.
Pago Pnsu — Dr. O. Dempwolff, U«utenant
Commander II. Minrtt. O, S. N. ; Baron von
ltitter. K. W'andres and servant.
Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. Yv*. T Durham. F.
Weltl. J. 1^ Torbet A. Frirs. William Wenl
vlch. Mifs M. J. Wendell. Mr. and "MrF. Peter
GIN). John Hunter. Master T. Steward. Mr.
end Mrs W K. Xieper, Dr. M. W. O'Connell.
J Jenifer. Martin fchultr. MIsb Crook. Mrs.
Hopper. Mis«s Hopper. Miss Peterson. Mlsn
Swan. Miss S. F. Hildrith Mlns M. O. Mc-
Culloeh. J. Speck. F. J. McGllnchey. Miss J.
Crny. C. M. Jonf-s. Judtce P. I>. Weaver,
Mrs. J. E. Fullerton and Infant; Mrs. De Car
mo Isidore Burns C Wolters. Mr. ShellburK.
Mures Chalmers, Misses Dreier. C. B, White.
J. IV. Bergstrom. Mrs. E. E. Mossman. child
and maid; Mrp. W. W. Hudson and Infant.
Mr. and Mr*. A. B Wood and child. Mr. and
Mr*. J. H. Beadle. Mrs. F. C. Handy. Mrs.
Grove. Mls» C. Carlson. F. A. Taylor, K.
Tamura. K. Ichlkama. M. Yamada.
HUNTER RAINE
WINS GLENDALE
MISS MAE DAY
CANTERS HOME
JULY STAKES
FOR GLASSFUL
SECRET WEIGHT
CHEATS FARMERS
VENTURA ESTABLISHES A NEW RECORD
BETWEEN THIS PORT AND ANTIPODES
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
" : -l\ '" ¦'¦¦ .¦ ;¦; " Monday, July 27.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward, 21 days 16 hours
from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 15 hours.
Branch Hydrographic : Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
July 27. 1003.
the time ball was not dropped tcday. Me
chanism under repair. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U; S. N. , in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides aro given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three -tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the
mean of the lower low water*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.lv TUESDAY, JULY 28^ 1903.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
— — —
%*n I /IKK II COMPLAINT.
Catarrh begins with a stubborn cold in the head, inflammation or sore-
ness of the membrane or lining of the nose, discharge of mucus matter
headaches, neuralgia and difficult breathing, and even in this early stage
is almost intolerable. But when the filthy secretions begin to drop back
into the throat and stomach, and the blood becomes polluted and the
system, contaminated ¦''¦>•' '-"*
by the catarrhal pois- ,_£—?£ t,E°S^L ual he » d * ch <»> =»y cheeks had rrown
oo. then the suiter P^^^ZSSSSM^}^f^S[n&-
begins to realize what a i?^^32£ +lfr*I d ot ?• 5* a ? d commenced to UB0
disgusting and sicken- &tt^^M^^^
ing disease Catarrh is. dl^lt-. t ,, Mii f MAB^l. storm.
It affects the kidneys Worthweit Cor ' * th and Feli « st... Bt. Jo.e P h, ko.
diL^SS^fiX? ° w f paitS ,° f the hoi y- % is a constitutional
disease and as inhaling mixtures, salves, ointments, etc., are never more
than palliative or helpful, even in the beginning of Catarrh, what can
Jvstif^^ 6 n\ treatment When lt chronic. and the whole
.system affected? Only such a remedy as S. S. S. can reach this obsti-
/£__^ iCH^I >^*N deep-seated disease and purge the blood of the
V5^; V^^ V^* catarrhal poison. S. S. S. purifies and builds up the
iCNl |>M twS\ ° lsea sed blood, and the inflamed membranes are
i^Zr Qli^ healed and the excessive secretion of mucus ceases
_;--, , when new, rich blood is coming to the diseased
parts, and a permanent cure is the result. uiscasca
Catan : h S in S ;Tl S K t^tf nt S?-? U ??^ and a reliable remedy for
yo^othS^ S te d m need of medical advice ' will cost
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Do you admire physical perfection in
man or woman? Would you like to feel
as if you could muzzle a lion? Let me
send you a most\ interesting book tell-
ing how you can i be made to feel like
a Samson. All human. weakness comes
from " a loss of electricity from the
body. My electric belt restores it. and
my book tells of the gladdening effect it
has on you. Cut this ad out and send
it. I mail the book, sealed, free.
Write to-day.
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin,
906 Market St, San Francisco.
Office Hoars— 8 a. m. to 8 :30 p. m. Sundays
10 to 1. •
. Never sold by drug stores or agents.
AJVEBTISEMEiriS. ¦
nj "Imp II ¦ 1" *¦
SICK HEAOAQHE
PositiTcly cured by these - .
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the BottcIs. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price-
HOTEL DEL MONTE
ANNOUNCES
S P O R X S
POLO AND RACES — August 1 to 8, under
the auspices or the Pacific Coast Polo ami
Pony Kaclng Association, R. M. Tobtn Secre-
tary. Entries to and Information from 131
Crocker building, San Francisco.
AUTOMOEILE RUN— August 6 to 11, from
San Francisco. Including meet at Del Monte.
under the auspices of the Automobile Club of
California. F. A. Hyde President. Entries to
151 Crocker Building. San Francisco.
GOLF TOURNAMENT— August 24 to 31.
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation, R. Gllraan Brown Secretary. Entries
to 310 Pine street. San Francisco.
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP. TEAM MATCH.
for Byrne Cup. North ys. South.
DEL MONTE CUPS — Amateur Tournament.
I-acli*-*' Tournament
Body 80 Inches long. 7 Inches deep; lig-lnch
axles, long distance: wheels lVi-lnch: A-irrade
springs, oil tempered: nicely trimmed" and fin-
ished. PRICE THIS CzlO «^fl
WEEK O^O.OU
Allison, IMeff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
S^^&^^^^j Dr.Pierce* EUtfric T*us
**M?*&£&&&Sei£&i» % Marrtl Nothing Ui9
Br^l^jMpt&Z**^ it. Best R«Ulneron earth
ffL^JliEff*^- »nd a fmnm'nt Curt tor Rupture
y /mJ V^ World-renowned. TItoiproT«iB'«»
t M\ y |t ruptured lnr««tlg»*« »» one*.
mKr C»n or write tor "Book,*! No. 1."
MACNFTIC CreUSSC0.33Wertt4thStreet.Niy
Yo«. N. Y. or 206 Port Street. San rr*a<a*», Cal.
MENANDWOMErl.
/By.- tut 4»r^%m di<chargM,lDfl»nimatioBS.
IfUV Oiuui»4 \1 irritations or ulc«r*.tioa«
Bflbjf ituo lulenn. of mocoai niembrkors.
r < Prr>Mt> c.«t»«t.« P»in;«ts. and not aitrla>
HJSlTHEETAHSCHtJJimCO. g*nt or poUonous.
VRafil CIHCI!«1ATl,0.Era ¦«!«» «>y DrnnliU.
C. S.A. Jfisror tent in plain wr*pp«r,
JaSiaW <4P^al br txpren. prepaid, for
V)ffifeBn1 tl.CO. or 3 bottles 12.73.
-m -Hqfgjgj/rv •¦• Circular t«Qt on rsqsert.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PBESH A2TD SA^T SS2ULTS.
JA^. RfiYFS & CO Butchers. 104
JA3. DUIC3 tt VU» ciay. t^ Maln 1294>
? OU.S.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3.
418 Front st. S. F. Phona Main 1T1».
——————
EC HUGHES, -BisHSSISiii..LOGANSPORT, Ind., July 27.— An un
known negro to-night attempted to as
sault Mrs. Joseph Watts, wife of a farmer
near here. He escaped Into the swamp
country after being chased for miles by
a mob and fired at. A lynching is ex
pected to follow the negro's capture.
Mob Pursues a Negro.
Storm Strikes Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. July 27.— One of
the worst wind, lightning and rain storms
In the history of the city struck Minne
apolis to-day. In Southeast Minneapolis
the financial loss will aggregate many
thousands of dollars. Buildings,' were
razed, others were unroofed and light'
ning apllntered some. Electric wires were
prostrated and nearly all the street cars
were tied up.
Nance O'Ncll and her company, who
will give four open-air performances of
"As You Like It"" at' Sutro Heights next
Saturday and Sunday afternoons and
evenings, held their first rehearsal on the
grounds yesterday and all ' of the actors
expressed themselves as being delighted
with the spot chosen. Great interest is
taken In these productions, which will be
In the form ; of a testimonial to Miss
O'Neil and the cast '. will be very strong,
Including James J. Corbett, as "Charles."
the wrestler. The grounds will be beau
tifully illuminated at. night. and seats foi
several thousand spectators are now in
course of construction. The sale of re
served seats will begin at Sherman, Clay
& Co. 's this morning ...
Play in the Open.
MESIERES, France. July 27.— Prince Jo
seph of Chimay and Caraman, whose
former wife. Clara Ward of Detroit,
Mich., eloped with Rigo, a Hungarian
musician, in 1£9G, met with a serious auto
mobile accident near the village of Roe
rol to-day while trying to avoid a cyclist.
The automobile was overturned and the
chauffeur was Mlled. The Prince was se
riously Injured. '--t%. y-»
Prince in Automobile Accident.
The Pacific cricket team returned from
Santa Cruz yesterday, having won on Sun
day the closest contest of the present
season by 2 runs. The visiting team
played one man short, W. B. Kysh not
being on hand. The Pacific team went to
the bat first, the first half dozen men,
with, the exception of Wilding, making
fair scores, Lannowe, Casidy and Peth
erlck compiling 23 runs apiece, Langdale
32 and Bennlon 23. After the seventh
wicket had fallen for 140 the remaining
three batsmen added only 4 runs and the
innings closvJ for 144. F. Jenkins was the
most successful bowler for the Santa
Cruzans, taking 3 wickets with 15 balls
for 2 runs.
A. Jenkins proved the mainstay of the
Match Played at Seashore Won by
Narrowest Margin of
Season.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS
BEAT SANTA CRUZANS
OAKLAND, July 27.— The Rev. Father
Gleaeon, assistant pastor of St. Mary's
Church of the Immaculate Conception,
has resigned his position in order, to ac
cept the rectorship of the church recently
dedicated by Archbishop Montgomery at
Tomales. The Rev. Father Cantilllon will
take Father Gleason's place at St. Mary's,
while Father Keneally of St. Rose's par
ish, San Francisco, will be Father Glea-
Eon's assistant at Tomales.
Father Gleason Resigns.
HONOLULU, July 21.— The Board of
Health has been visiting Molokal to ex
amine Into the cases of doubtful lepers.
There were fifty-eight of these cases alto
gether, reports having been circulated
that many were confined at the lazaretto
who are not victims of the disease. For
bacteriological examination small pieces
of the skin are taken from the patients to
determine if the bacilli lepra exists in
them or not. Each case Is examined sep
arately ana carefully so that no lmmunes
may be left at the settlement.
Where the existence of leprosy ¦ is In
doubt the suspect will" be brought back
to the receiving station at Honolulu, and
any person subsequently found to.be free
of the disease will be set free. Ten sus
pects have just been released with orders
to report' to the Government physicians
of the districts In which they live I for
monthly examination.
Charles R. Bishop of San Francisco has
just offered $2500 for the construction of a
building for the blind and aid at the
leper settlement.
Honolulu Board of Health Investi
gates Reports of Improper Deten
tion of Healthy Persons.
TEN SUPPOSED LEPERS
RELEASED FROM MOLOKAI
Considerable money haa changed hands
on the result. Boland and his backers ar
rived in Sausallto yesterday and the ring
was pitched in the new gymnasium, a
large crowd had paid for admission and
the contestants were about to enter the
ring when Lieutenants Jameson and Tay
lor appeared and announced to the assem
bled soldiers that the commanding officer
had issued orders that the contest should
be declared off. This order was greeted
with groans and grumbling from the au
dience. It became necessary r>r the of
ficers to call the guard and clear Jhe
gymnasium by force.
SAUSALITO, July 27.— But for Interfer
ence by officers at Fort Baker last even-
Ing an interesting boxing contest would
have taken place. The ring was pitched,
the contestants were trained to the min
ute and with their seconds and bottle
holders were eager for the fray, but the
hand of authority Btopped the proceed
ings. Four hundred or more soldiers and
civilians had gathered to see the contest.
Six weeks ago Private Boland of the
Twenty-ninth Battery. Coast Artillery,
stationed at the Presidio, and Private
Thompson, Thirty-second Company, Coast
Artillery, stationed at Fort Baker, met
in a dance hall In San Francisco shortly
after pay day and engaged in a quarrel
over the affections of a fair dancer. They
agreed to settle their difficulty in the
roped arena and to make the matter more
binding a deposit for appearance was
posted and botn_men went into active
training.
Two Soldiers Are Prevented Settling
Their Differences in a Sau
salito Arena.
FORT BAKES. OFFICERS
STOP A PRIZE FIGHT
OAKLAND. July 27.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued to-day:
Oiester McNeal, 23. and Emma Stafford.
19. both of San Francisco; Charles M.
Mannon, over 21, Ukiah, and Eva L.
Bramlet. over IS, Fresno; George If.
Parep, over 21. Alameda, and Julie Grnd
lach, o\-er 18. Portland: Edward R. Dow
ney. 22. and Alary Evans, 30, both of Oak
land: Frank J. Juchter, over 21, and Min
nie C. Frankquelin, over 18. both of Oak
land; Augustino Isola, 2S, and Paulina
Isola, 20, both of Berkeley; Henry W.
Lawton, over 21. and May Alard, over 18,
both of San Francisco; James N. Hough
ton, 63, Sacramento, and llrs. Eliza L.
a lsher. 56, Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
HONOLULU, July 27.— The Home Rule
county convention began Its sesston to
day with almost a full attendance of dele
gates. The Interest of the session to-day
centered around the contest for presiding
officer, for which a lively canvass had
been made. The candidates for the posi
tion were ex-Delegate Wilcox and Kalau
okalani. The effectiveness of the prelimi
nary work done by the adherents of Ka
lauokalani was shown in the voting, the
Wilcox forces being defeated. A lively
discussion was caused by the introduction
of a resolution excluding the public and a
majority of . the representatives of the
press from the convention hall. The dele
gates who favored full publicity of the
proceedings put up a vigorous fight and
succeeded in defeating the resolution.
Attempt to Conduct Proceedings in
Secret Is Defeated After Vig
orous Contest.
HONOLULU HOME RULE
PARTY IN CONVENTION
International spent part of to-day In
Alameda and then moved on— that Is as
The District Attorney of Contra Costa
County was thunderstruck when Post
master Schmidt told him he wanted to
have the alleged conspirators arrested for
purloining the whole town. At first he
wouldn't believe It. He had heard of des
perate deeds done, but none of quite such
gigantic proportions as this. When he
finally recovered his breath he decided to
take the matter under advisement until
he could look up the law touching on such
cases made and provided.
Postmaster Schmidt stopped off at In
ternational, or rather what was Interna
tional, on his way back from Martinez
and after a long search managed to find
just a small portion of the former town.
It was a board eight feet long, one inch
thick and twelve inches wide. This Mr.
Schmidt Intends to keep as a souvenir.
BEACHES ALAMEDA.
OAKLAND, July 27.— A struggle In
courts and on cars has begun for
the possession of the town of In
ternational, the wandering vil
lage from Contra Costa County,
and several men are trying to capture It.
Postmaster George Schmidt of Berkeley
applied to the District Attorney of Contra
Costa County at Martinez to-day for war
rants for the arrest of Robert B. Mott and
W. I. Sedgley, vice president and man
ager respectively of the defunct Interna
tional Explosives Company, who, he says,
conspired to wipe the little town off the
map one night last week at one fell
swoop.'
SCHMIDT'S ATTACHMENT.
It was on the orders of Robert B. Mott
of this city that International was taken
In hand after the burg reached here and
helped along to another lpcaMty. Mott
was one of the owners of International
when the village was located In Contra
Costa and he still has an abiding inter
est in Its affairs, although they are very
unsettled at present. Schmidt also was
Santa Cruz batsmen, making 50 runs. Mc-
Namara 23, Gellatly 17, Corbott 14 and
Day 17 were the others who scored double
figures. It was agreed to play the game
out and Santa Cruz looked very like win
ning, when a catch by Watson dismissed
Thomas for 0. The Santa Cruz total was
142, or 2 short of the visitors' score. Dr.
O. N. Taylor bowled 22 overs, 9 of which
were maidens, capturing 3 wickets for 38
runs. Casldy took 5 wickets for 43 runs.
The full details follow;
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
E. H. Lannowe, b. Gellatly y
A. W. Wilding, c. Petty, b. Corbett -0
E. T. Langdale, 1. b. w., b. Gellatly .12
H. C. Casldy, c. McNamara... 23
W. Petherlck, b. McNamara 2.1
F. Bennlon; c. Davlee,.b. F. Jenkins 25
Dr. O. N. Taylor, b. Macnamara 0
H. N. Storrs, b. F. Jenkins , ... , ;»
R. Rooker, b. F. Jenkins o
H. O. Watson, not out o
W. B. Kysh, absent
Byes 15, wide 1 m
Totals .......' 144
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 3
two. for 50, three for 67, four for 105. five for
114. six for 114. seven for 140, eight for 140,
nine for 144, ten for 144.»
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick
R. H. Corbett 108 56 • .1 i
A. N. McNamara. .84 37 2 .1
P/.' D. Oellatly CO 22 1 2
A. Jenkins ...< 18 7 0 ..
F. Jenkins .15 2 0 3
McNamara bowled l'wlde.
SANTA CRUZ CRICKET CLUB.
A.' Jenkins, c. Langdale. b. Taylor 50
A. ¦ N. McNamara. st. Langdale. b. Casldy. 22
P. D. Gellatly, 1. b. w., b. Petherick. 17
R. H. Corbett. b. Lannowe 14
H. H. Davles. c. Taylor, b. Casidy 8
F. Jenkins, b. Casldy 0
E. F. Hilton, c. Wilding, b. Casldy 4
J. Petty, b. Taylor. o
E. H. Day,- c. and b. Taylor 17,
W. E. Thomas, c. Watson, b. Casldy...... 0
J. Richardson, 1 not out 4
Byes 6, wide 1, no ball 1 7
Total- • .....142
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
' Bowler— Balls. • Runs. Maid. Wick.
O.N.Taylor 132. 38 -.9 3
E. H. Lannowe..... 4S 35 2 1
H. C. Casldy 120 43 4 B
F. Bennlon 1« 7 1 0
H. N. Storrs........ 1« 4 1 0
W. Petherlck....... 42 12 1 1
Casidy bowled 1 wide ball and 1 no ball.
much of International as was piled on
two flatcars— and all the village, with the
exception of its original site, was on the
vehicles in the shape of splintered boards,
windows, timbers and knot holes. Inter
national was unloaded from the cars on
which it visited Alameda upon lumber
wagons and taken from there to some
place along the Haywards road, where it
will settle down and stay a while if the
law does not follow behind and cause the
animated village to get another move on.
Not even the oldest inhabitant of In
ternational could point with pride to the
remnants of the roving little burg as it
lay prostrate on the flat cars to-day,
while men and teams labored and per
spired to help the town along to any old
place where it could rest In peace and be
out of the reach of people who might
want to kidnap the village again. Piled
indiscriminately on the cars was the ma
terial that composed the buildings of In
ternational when It resided In Contra
Costa County and which gave to the
place its habitations and a name. As the
workmen pulled the stakes from the cars
some of International spread Itself upon
Alameda. but was soon gathered up and
started on Its journey out of this munici
pality.
Cardinal Gibbons celebrated early mass
In the private chapel of the Sulphlclans
and then drove to the Vatican, where he
participated In the meetlnsr of the Con
gregation of Cardinals. He was most cor
dially received by all his colleagues and
the members of the Sacred College ap
pointed at the last consistory were pre
sented to him. Cardinal Gibbons then
took the oath of the gospels, administered
by Cardinal Oreelia. dean of the Sacred
College, to maintain strict secrecy on all
questions discussed at the meeting of the
congregation and v to defend the rights,
prerogatives and temporal claims of the
church. When the meetins of the con
gregation was over Cardinal Gibbons went
to St. Peter's and prayed before the
blessed sacrament. He then knelt before
the resting place of the Pope and prayed
for about fifteen minutes.
Cardinal Gibbons has appointed Father
p C. Da van as his conclavist, besides
whom he will take only one servant into
the conclave.
ROME, July 27.— Not many persons as
sisted to-dav In me fifth of the Novera
Dlales which was celebrated In the
Chapel of the Choir at St. Peter's, as at
tention was centered In tne solemn fun
eral mass In the Church of St. John Lat
eran, where the Pecci family, the diplo
matic body, the -'-nights of Malta and the
Roman aristocracy were present. They
were received at the entrance of the basil
ica by Monselgneur Gallmbretl and the
Duke of Nalvezzl. In the center of the
choir stood a high catafalque covered by
rich drapery and papal robes, surmounted
by a triple crown. Monselgneur Stonor ot
flciated, assisted by the canons of St.
John. The music, which was exception
ally fine, was rendered by the choir of the
basilica.
CARDINAL GIBBONS' DAY.
The board of directors which authoriz
ed the removal of the buildings is com
posed of P. E. White, H. C. Stillwell.
Robert Mott, W. I. Sedgley and Freder
ick Dassenville. They say the structures
were worthless as they stood at Interna
tional, the plant having been abandoned.
Therefore the board decided to remove
the buildings and put them up where
they could be made serviceable.
Besides the dismantled buildings, the
company's directors claim it has JSOOO or
$10,000 worth of chemicals on hand, and
has other property which will total $20,
000 In assets.
Schmidt Is mistaken when be says that I am
responsible for the removal of International.
I was never at the place, and don't know
where it was. I am a director In the Interna
tional Explosives Company. The directors o'
that corporation held a meeting and decided
It was to their Interests to have the buildings
removed from the location in Contra Costa
County. Being engaged In the building busi
ness. I was requested to secure a man to su
pervise the moving of the buildings, and I got
W. I. Sedgley to boes the Job. I never went
to International myself. Schmidt may believe
that he had a mortgage on the entire plant at
International, but he had no mortgage on the
buildings. They were erected after he had se
cured the mortgage and under a decision of.
the Supreme Court I think that it will be de
cided, if the matter Is ever tried In court, that
Schmidt has no claim whatever on the build
ings.
Here is what Robert B. Mott, whom
George Schmidt claims had something to
do with giving International the hobo
habit, said to-night about the matter:
Mott and Sedgley state that they acted
on legal advice and on orders of the
stockholders of the town in carrying In
ternational out of Contra Costa County
and that the move was made for the
benefit of the creditors of the Interna
tional Explosives Company, which cor
poration owned and controlled the vil
lage.
MOTT'S EXPLANATION.
attached to the little town, his attach
ment taking the form of a mortgage of
$2000. Schmidt traced International to
Alameda and now he is after Mott for an
explanation. W. I. Sedgley, also of this
city, Is another whom Schmidt asserts
was one of the prime movers In starting
International on a Journey, the end of
which is problematical.
"INTERNATIONAL," AS IT NOW
APPEARS, AND ALLEGED OWN
ERS, WHO SAY IT WAS STOLEN.
Cincinnati 3 6 5
Plttsburg 10 8 4
Batteries — Suthoff and Pelti; Leever and
Smith. Umpire — O'Day.
Chicago 3 8 O
St. Louis 4 10 2
Batteries— Lundgren and Kliog; Murphy
and Ryan. -Umpire— Moran.
NEW YORK, July 27.— Although outbatted
Boston won to-day's game by consecutive hit
ting In the eeve.nth. Neither pitcher was In
good form. Attendance. 4700. Score:
R. H. K.
Boston 11 14 1
New York 9 16 2
Batteries — Pittlnger and Moran; Taylor and
Bowermar.. Umpire — Johnstone.
BROOKLYN, July 27.— Jones was at his best
to-day and the Philadelphia."* were as pigmies
in his hands. Attendance, 2300. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 0 4 3
Brooklyn 3 ' » - ; 1
Batteries — Sparks and Roth; Jones and
Jacklltsch. Umpire — Emslle.
CINCINNATI. O., July 27. — Cincinnati's
errors in the second Inning gave Pittaburg six
runs and the game when the side ought to
have been retired without a run. Both teams
put up a miserable game in the field. Attend
ance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 27.— In a game full of sen
sational fleldlnir, marred only by one fumble,
the visitors won by . timely hitting and base
running. Attendance, 1400. Score:
R. H. E.
Dineen Puzzles Men of Gotham and
Beceives Tine Support
in x lelcl.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, July 27. — The home team nhut out
New* York to-day. Dineen was a puzzle to the
visitors and he received fine support In the
field. Attendance. 5178. Score:
R. It. E.
Boston 6 « 2
New York ° B -
Batteries— Dineen and Criser; Deerln* and
Beville.
ST. LOUIS. July 27.— St. Louis defeated
Cleveland to-day In a slugging match. Both
teams hit the ball hard, but St. Louis bunched
its hits to better advantage. A home run by
liemphill and some fast fielding by both teams
wer» features. Attendances 1S00. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis » 14 2
Cleveland 5 H *
Battertes — Sudhott and Kahoe; Jos* and Ab
bott.
CHICAGO. July 27. — With the score a tie
Patterson lost control In the sixth Inning,
hitting two men. giving a base on balls and
allowing three singles and a two-bagger which
gave Detroit seven runs and the game. At
tendance, 1160. Score:
Ft. xl. JE.
Chicago 2 2 4
Detroit 8 . 8 ,, _ 3
Batteries— Altrock. Patterson and McFar
land; Mullin and McGulre.
PHILADELPHIA. July 27. — Waddell pitched
to-day at his own request and blanked the
Washington*. Tlie fielding of both teams was
superb. Attendance, 5286. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington O S t
Philadelphia 3 9 O
Batteries — Ortb and Kittredge; Waddell and
Srhrelver.
BOSTON SHUTS OUT NEW
YORK WITH FIVE BUNS
j The chairman, vice chairman and secre
tary were made a committee to nominate
a committee on organization, to reunder
take the work of forming a new party out
of the reform forces of the country. The
names selected are to be reported to the
conference to-morrow.' The rest of the
session was devoted to short speeches
containing suggestions for the resolutions
committee.
DENVER, July 27.— About fifty of the
leaders of the Populist party and other
political movements were present at the
St. James Hotel this afternoon when the
conference of political reform leaders was
called to/ order. The conference was
called to order by J. A. Edgerton, secre
tary of the Populist National Committee,
who called the conference. He spoke
briefly, outlining the work which It was
hoped to accomplish by the conference in
the amalgamation of the various reform
forces of the nation Into one party. Mr.
Edgerton was made the permanent chair
man of the conference, with Milton Park
of Texas as vice chairman and J. H. Cal
derhead of Montana secretary. The after
noon was taken up in the work of organi
zation and short addresses. The principal
speech was made by former United States
Senator W. V. Allen of Nebraska. Sena
tor Allen favored a reorganization of the
reform forces which should embrace the
various factions now embracing practi
cally the same political doctrines and dif
fering mainly In regard to methods.
At the evening session a committee was
named to draft resolutions and an address
to the people and report to the conference
to-morrow afternoon. The committee Is
as follows; Ex-Senator W. V. Allen,
chairman; J. S. Fetter, Illinois; J. M.
Mallet, Texas; Judge Frank W. Owens,
Colorado; Dr. R. H. Rheemlin, Ohio; H.
B. Hewitt, Kansas; W. A. Poynter, Ne
braska.
Hooley and W. L. Stow were the domi
nant figures In Des Moires and Fort
Dodge, leased to the Rock Island road la
1887 for eighteen years.
It 13 known that Hooley & Co. had of
fers of help from high quarters, but
deemed it advisable to decline.
The firm of Hooley & Co. was organized
In June, 1902, and consists of Edwin S.
Hooley, Frank E. Brumley and Robert
Helnsheixner. It acquired control of
Evansvllle and Terre Haute two years
ago.
A few of the high-class Industrials
made gains, notably the Westlnghouse Is
sues, 5 points; General Electric. 3; United
States Steel common, 1%, aiid the pre
ferred, lfi.
On the other hand, some other indus
trials finished the day with severe de
clines. Shares of the Rubber Goods Com
pany and the United States Rubber Com
pany, In which the firm of Talbot J. Tay
lor & Co. is said to be interested, sold at
better prices.
The assignee of Hooley & Co. would
make no statement for publication, and
It was impossible to learn the amount of
the liabilities. In conservative circles the
firm's liabilities are placed at about $3,
ooo.ooo.
The Hooley failure was regarded as an
Inevitable sequel to that of W. L. Stow &
Co.. which came last Friday. The failure
of Bassett was wholly unimportant— one
of the day's incidents.
The market displayed a hesitating tone
at the outset, many of the railroad
stocks showing fractional declines. Slight
improvement soon followed, but prices
fell oft 1 to 3 points In the active list,
with even greater declines In the special
ties, as soon as the Hooley failure came
out. Evansvllle and Terre Haute, a
Hooley specialty, declined 5\fc points and
the entire list reflected considerable con
fusion.
By the end of the fir3t hour the situa
tion seemed well In hand and the prices
advanced, save in a few instances, where
pressure continued to be directed at sev
eral stocks.
The Bassett announcement at noon
caused hardly any excitement. So far as
known Bassett has no outstanding con
tracts in this city. Further Improvement
was shown by the market in the last
hour. Even Evansvllle and Terre Haute
recovered all but one point of its loss,
Des Moines and Fort Dodge and the
Hooley stock gaining four points.
While somewhat Irregular at times, the
list made a number of material net gains.
These include advances of 2 per cent or
more in the active railway list; Brooklyn
Rapid Transit, 2%: Consolidated Gas, 2V«;
Lackawanna, 9; Delaware and Hudson,
4*4; Minneapolis and St. L<ouis common, 3.
and Iowa Central common and preferred,
1 and 2% points, respectively.
NEW YORK, July 27.— In spite of or
probably because of two additional fail
ures on the Stock Exchange— E. S. Hooley
& Co. of this city and William Bassett of
Boston— to-day's stock market showed
very general improvement, and the situa
tion as a whole was viewed with more
cheerfulness.
W. A." Behrens of the Bella Vista I'.o
tel, San Francisco, told of his having seen
Captain Howard with his papers and of
his efforts to start a company. He saw
him last on July 9 and then he had talked
of going home to his family. To David
S. Edwards of Piedmont, secretary for
Henry Butters, with whom Captain How
ard had dealings, the dead man never
appeared to be despondent and he was al
ways in an optimistic mood, even when
bis reverses seemed greatest.
AUTOPSY SURGEON IN DOUBT.
Dr. C. F. Gladding, the autopsy physi
cian, described the wounds found on the
head of the body. He was guarded in hi3
statements as to the cause of the frac
tured skull. Whether it was the result
of an exterior blow, a fall or a pistol
bullet crushing through the skull, com
bined with the fall, he was not prepared
to say. Either of the wounds, the pistol
wound, or the fractured skull, was suf
ficient to cause death. In illustrating the
position In which the body lay when he
found It. Dr. Gladding showed that the
pistol was hanging to the first finger of
the right hand, which was under the
body, the body being on Its face. The
only new matter brought out was In the
testimony of A. W. Dutton, West Berke
ley station agent for the Southern Pa
cific Company, who said that a man an
swering Captain Howard's description en
tered his office on July 17, between 3 and 4
oclock, and asked when the last train left
for San Francisco. When Informed that
it left at 11:25 o'clock, he went out and
boarded the next train going to San Fran
cisco. This circumstance has a bearing
on the suicide theory, as showing the ir
resolute manner of the man In West
Berkeley.
The other witnesses were Mrs. Annie
E. Wilson, who found the body; G. A.
Carman, who talked with Howard the
day before his death, and George Etlck
son, whose testimony amounted to noth
ing.
J. B. Treanor told how he had met Cap
tain Howard on July 11 in San Francisco,
when Howard told him he had purchased
his ticket and intended leaving that night
for Victoria, whence he intended I? visit
bis mining lands near Dawson.
The testimony of Mr. Treanor and the
letter received by Mrs. Howard show that
Captain Howard fully intended to go to
Victoria about July 11. At that time he
was in good spirits, even though his plans
to float a company did not materialize,
and the idea of suicide never seems to
have been in his mind.
SEEMED IN GOOD SPIRITS
"I believe she got a letter from him
dated July 12. saying he was coming
home. That was the last she heard of
him."
The testimony introduced before the
Coroner's jury did not throw any new
light on the cause of the death of Cap
tain Howard and was very like that
whirh has already been published ex
tensively in the newspapers. R. W. Tur
ner testified that he knew little of Cap
tain Howard's business affairs. He knew
of his efforts to float a company to work
the mining lands in Canada, but nothing
of the details. He never knew of Captain
Howard having carried a pistol or
threatening suicide or being melancholy
over his reverses.
"Did he ever tell you his life was in
danger?'-' the witness was asked.
"Never," was the reply.
"Do you think he was embarrassed suf
ficiently in a financial way to have caused
him to become despondent and take his
life?"
"No."
"Do you know when his wife last heard
from him?"
The effects of Captain Howard are be
ing held by Newman for an unpaid bill
that the unfortunate man owed at the
time of his death. Newman permitted R.
W. Turner, who came from Victoria to
identify the body, and J. B. Tre^nor, Cap
tain Howard's friend, to see tho papers
to-day, but he would not let them go
out of his possession. Deputy Coroner
Streightif told the Coroner that he had
called to summon Newman, but that gen
tleman was not in and ne left the Sum
mons, which Newman did not answer, as
it had not been legally served.
NEWMAN HOLDS PAPERS.
The Coroner's jury summoned to hold
an inquest into the cause of death of Cap
tain Thomas Howard of Victoria, whose
body was found at the Brennan barn, did
not reach a verdict to-night because
Charles Newman, proprietor of the Russ
House in San Francisco, failed to answer
the Coroner's summons. The members of
the Jury decided that the introduction of
the papers and documents among Captain
Howard's effects at the Kuss House were
indispensable to a proper verdict in the
case, and requested Coroner Mehrmann
to continue the Inquest until another
time. In accordance with the wishes of
the jury, therefore. Coroner Mehrmann
continued the hearing until Wednesday
night of this week.
The testimony of a number of witnesses
went to show that Captain Howard was
in the habit of carrying a large number
of papers with him, particularly a copy of
the concession to him of mining land
from the Canadian Government and maps
of the properties. Not a scrap of paper
was found in the pockets of his clothing
alter his death, and as these papers have
an important bearing on the manner and
cause ot his death they are necessary to
the Coroner's jury in arriving at a ver
dict. The papers among Captain How
ard's effects at the Russ House are the
originals of the copies he carried in his
rockets, and through them the inquisitors
hope to find some motive for his having
been killed by interested persons— that is,
if he was killed. ,
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 27.
The Sonoma on her last tri;-> here was
the first of the Australian liners to go
through the ordeal and !n her case the
a Honolulu certificates of search were alto
gether disregarded at this port and the
searching procss was repeated when the
passengers landed here. In the Ventura's
«ase. bowerer, the Honolulu examination
was accepted as final and except in cases
( wfcere the 'Mn^-iected" sticker had been
rubbed off those passengers that landed
yesterday got ouich. uispatch as far as
their hand baggage was concerned.
Many complaints have been filed with
Collector Stratton. who has forwarded
them to Washington with a recommenda
tion that the old order of things be re
stored. At his office yesterday it was
stated that a decision in accordance with
the Collector's recommendation was ex
pected any day.
ross the Pacific
The search of staterooms and hand bag
gag" occupied more than two hours. Had
th<> Ventura had her full complement of
passengers four or five hours would hardly
have sufficed. I'ntH the search was fin
ished, until every grip and satchel had
be*»n labeled "inspected" and every state
room door chalked with the initials of the
Government searcher, not a soul was al
lowed to land. As the call at Honolulu
is c necessarily brief this detention on board
prevented many passengers from going
ashore at all and for others greatly cur
tailed a visit which in most cases Is one
of the attractive features of a voyage
TIRESOME DELAY
folder weather was reached the passen
cerp hf can t • lafver, but their warm
r clothinj? mlpht as nrel] have been in the
Antipodes as behind those Government
f^als.
Thp seal on this apartment could not be
broken except by a custom-house inspec
tor at San Francisco. This regulation,
while convenient for the custom-house of
ficials, worked a great and unnecessary
inconvenience to the passengers. When
the truriKs were sealed the liner was in
tropical weather and the clothes worn by
the passengers then with comfort were
too light .for use in this climate. As the
When the Ventura reached Honolulu
she was boarded by custom house officers,
nho gave orders that no passenger should
p« ashore until the stateroom and hand
baggage of all on board had been
searched. Before beginning the search
trie apartment containing the trunks and
heavy baggage was sealed. This was
done for the double purpose of preventing
the transfer of dutiable articles from the
unsearched trunks to the hand baggage
fcfier the inspectors had searched the lat
!T and to insure the pegregation of
through baggage and baggage taken
aboard at Honolulu.
TRUNKS ABE SEALED.
Caen passencer that arrived here yes
terday from Australia on the liner Ven
tura counts himself as the owner of a
first-class grievance against I'ncle Sam.
And what happened to the Ventura's pas-
will happen, in more or less ag
gravated form, to the passengers of all
'"-iners bound here from ioreign ports when
they call at Honolulu as long as the new
remain in force.
bility of the new arrangement that the
«'ol!ector of this »ort, upon whose head
•fall the kicks of the principal sufferers, is
r*aid to have taken tide with the victims
and joined his voice with theirs in the
praxer for a return to the old state of
affairs.
If the officials of the United States
Treasury Department had wished to side
track Honolulu from the stream of tour
isty travel which means so much to the
Hawaiian capital they could not have de
vised anv more effectual plan than the
now methods of administering the regu
lations of the customs service which have
lately fccne into effect. From the reports
brought from Honolulu by travelers and
Weamship officials somebody has made a
bad botch. So glaring is the impractica-
L ""Return to Old Method Rec
ommended by Collector
Stratton.
E. S. Hcoley & Co. and
William Basse tt
Suspend.
Autopsy Surgeon Is Not Cer
tain About Cause of
Fracture.
Former Senator Allen Rec
ommends a Reorgani
zation.
Coroner's Jury Post
pones Inquest Into
Howard's Death.
Customs Inspection Sys
tem at Honolulu
a Failure.
Fifty Leaders of the
Party Meet Together
in Denver.
George Schmidt Demands Arrest of R. B; Mott and
W. I. Sedgley on Charge of Purloining Village of In
ternational, Which Is Now in Vicinity of Haywards
Situation Improves in
Spite of Two New
Failures.'
ABSENT WITNESS
DELAYS VERDICT
POPULISTS HOLD
A CONFERENCE
WORKS HARDSHIP
ON PASSENGERS
WARRANTS ASKED FOR BUSINESS MEN
ACCUSED OF STEALING A WHOLE TOWN
STOCK MARKET
LESS UNSTEADY
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
fc^ .STOMACH 4»
. People who suffer from Stom-
ach ills should know that good
health will return as soon as the
stomach is restored to its normal
condition. Try the Bitters. It
positively cures Constipation, In-
digestion, Biliousness, Dyspepsia
or Malaria.
ARTIFICIAL TEETH AT COST.
We guarantee to. fit the hardest months and
furnish a serviceable, natural looking wt ot
teeth for t!*s mere cost of material. Teeth
•Without Plates a Specialty. Gold. Silver and
bone fillings.
Extraction Free. Cleaning Teeth Free.
Painless Methods. Graduates Only.
Week Days. 9 to 9. Sundays. 9 to L
POST-OBADXTATE DE3TTAI. COLLEOB
Saa Prancisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Str*«i,
1 San Joi»— 45 Sait Santa Clara Strwt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And Son Suffered
. Chronic Headache.
Almost Constant Pain
For Thirty Years.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Has
Cured Me.
« ————— _-v • ,.
There is nothing so rood in cases of
* chronic headache as Dr. Miles* Nervine. It
restores the disordered nerves to their nor-
mal condition and banishes headache forever.
"My trouble was headache, chronic so as
to be almost continual. I had been in this
condition ever since I could remember and
I an now fortv-seven years old. My father
was a preat sufferer from the same complaint
and mv son has shown signs of similar affec-
tion. When the attacks would appear, my
stomach would often become affected and I
would grow dizzy and faint and often had
to quit my work and lie down. I am a sta-
tionary engineer aad found it hard to hold a
place with such a heavy handicap. About
six years *?o I began taking Dr. Miles* Re-
storative Nervine and since that time I have
used m all, fourteen bottles. The number of
bottles taken was not really required as I
think the cure was completely effected after
taking the second bottle. Having scarcely
seen the time in thirty years I was free from
headache, I could not believe the perma-
nent cure to be made to soon, so I continued
it* use until 1 was thoroughly convinced. Sjx
persons to whom I have recommended the
remedy have experienced equally gratifying
results, the only difference between their
case and mine lying in the severity of the
trouble cured-"— Edgar W. Wilson, Alcott,
Colorado.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles 1 Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Addreii
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.Judgment Against Mrs. Bell.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow de
cided yesterday In favor of the plaintiff in
the case of the Bank of British North
America vs. Teresa Bell for $10,398 and in
terest at 7 per cent per annum from May
21, 19C0, to the present time. The sum al
lowed is the unpaid balance upon a loan
of 545.000 made by the /bank to Thomas
Bell, since deceased. The promissory note
was secured by seventy-five bonds of the
Eureka and Palisade Railroad Company
at face value of ?10O0 each.
-The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs filed a protest against the proposed
increase in the fees to be paid for build
ing erections and alterations, and sug
gesting that the fees be abolished alto
gether.
The Spring Valley Water Company was
requested to lay water mains along the
Forty-ninth avenue boulevard, between II
and M streets, and in the Bernal Heights
district.
The District Council of Painters filed a
protest against the passage of a proposed
ordinance licensing master painters,
which 'it terms an outrageous measure,
as it will prohibit a union man engaging
in business for himself.
The petition of property owners on Sec
ond avenue, between Fulton and A
streets, that seven arc lights be installed
thereon was referred to the Light Com
mittee.
An ordinance providing for the full ac
ceptance of the roadway of Haight street,
between Central and Masonic avenues,
was rassed to print.
The board extended the time until Octo
ber 12, 1903, when rock crushing and rock
quarrying will be prohibited within cer
tain limits. This will permit Gray Bros,
to operate their rock crusher on Tele
graph Hill and also blast and crush rock
on Clipper and Douglass streets until the
date named.
ALLOWS ROCK CRUSHING.
Granting the Bay View Brick Company per
mission to erect a storage tank of 40,000 gal-
Ions' capacity to store crude oil to be used
as fuel under boiler In premises on Thirty
second avenue and G street.
Providing for the full acceptance of Shot
well street between Twenty-fifth and Twenty
sixth.
The resolutions granting the Golden Gate
Brick Company /permission to erect a
storage tank for oil and to maintain an
engine and boiler on street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth avenues,
which were previously passed to print,
were defeated on final passage. ;
The following ordinances were finally
passed :
Providing: for the appointment of a board of
trustees for the disbursement of the Exempt
Firemen's relief appropriation and empower
ing the Mayor to make the appointments.
Imposing a license on runners and soliciting
agrents and requiring them to wear a distinctive
badge.
Imposing a license of $5 per quarter on
transfer and delivery companies.
Changing the name of Thirteenth street from
West Mission westerly to Buena Vista avenue^
to Duboce avenue.
The ordinance calling a special election
on October 8, 1903, to submit to the voters
the proposition of acquiring by original
construction and completion by the city
of the Geary street railroad was finally
passed. It is proposed to issue bonds in
the sum of $710,000 for the purpose.
The ordinance prohibiting the exposure
of gaming tables or implements in a room
barred or barricaded or protected in any
manner to make It difficult of access to
police officers when three or more persons
are present, or the visiting of a barri
caded room in which gambling devices
are exhibited, was finally passed. The or
dinance is designed to suppress gambling
dens in Chinatown. '
GEARY-STREET ROAD.
Braunhart answered that such a course
is Impossible, because the declaratory or
dinance, including all the propositions,
had been already adopted and that they
were all necessary. Wilson's motion that
the call for the election be amended so as
to include only schools, hospital and sew
ers received no second.
Wilson said It was a surprise to the
public that the proposed improvements,
which it had been calculated would cost
$]3,000,000, had been increased to $18,135,000.
"It seems to me," said "Wilson, "that
this Increase will prove disastrous to the
bond issue, and I would suggest that the
propositions be submitted at two elec
tions."
Sewer system, $7,250,000; repairing and im
proving accepted streets, $1,621,000; children s
playgrounds. $741,000; extension of Golden
Gate Park $330,000; Telegraph Hill Park,
$597,000; St. Mary's square. $205,000; park in
the Mission. $293,000; County Jail and addi
tions to Hall of Justice, $097,000; Twin Peaks
Park $168,000: library, *l,647,000; City and
County Hospital $1,000,000; new schoolhouees,
$3,595,000; total. $18,135,000.
The cost estimates of the City Engineer
were adopted and the twelve propositions
will.be voted upon separately. In the
event of their adoption by a two-thirds
vote forty-year . serial bonds bearing in
terest at 314 per cent per annum will be
issued.
The Board of Supervisors passed to
print yesterday an ordinance calling a
special election on September 29, 1903, for
the purpose of submitting to the electors
the question of issuing bonds for the fol
lowing estimated cost of public improve
ments:
Byington was compelled to take Imme
diate action, as the three years within
which information must be lodged
against a person who commits a crime
will expire to-day. Some lawyers are of
the opinion that the law does not apply
to city officials who misappropriate funds,
but Byington wants to make Sure of his
ground.
Acting Chief of Police Martin notified
Mayor Schmitz that he had Northrup lo
cated, so the warrant will probably oe
served at once and Nortnrup be brought
to trial. Expert Young: says that he is
almost certain that there are many who
are implicated in the peculations in the
County Clerk's office, but is not prepared
to say at the present'time upon whom his
suspicions rest.
Some unfavorable comment is heard be
cause Mayor Schmitz waited almost until
the last minute to file information with
the Grand Jury about Northrup's al
leged defalcation. The Mayor received the
first report definitely connecting North
rup with the stealing of fees on June 30
last and another report of further pecu
lations was filed witn him on July 14.
It i« asserted that the Mayor v should
have filpd the information kt least two
weeks ago and not at a time when the
Grand Jury was on the eve of going out
of office. The delay t of the Mayor will, It
Is expected, be corrected by the issuance
of warrants for the arrest of Northrup
on the last day of the three years in
which the statute of limitations is sup
posed to run.
District Attorney Byington yesterday
made an examination of the records of
the County Clerk's office now being ex
perted by the experts of the Supervisors*
Finance Committee and as a result he at
once arranged to have warrants issued
for the arrest of Vernon F. Northrup on
charges of embezzlement of moneys be
longing to the city and county while em
ployed as* a deputy County Clerk under
William A. Deane and Charles F. Curry.
The specific items upon which Byington
will secure the arrest of Northrup will be
that he received the sum of $24 50 from
Attorney John O'Gara as fees in an estate
and $19 85 from Attorney R. H. Cross for
probate fees and never turned the cash
over to the citv treasury.
The evidence secured by Byington In
cludes the receipts for the two amounts
signed by Northrup and the fact that no
entry of the- receipt of the money was
ever made in the cash book.
Finally Pass Bill for the Ac
quisition of the Geary-
Street Road.
Police Have Him Located and
Will Soon Bring Him to
Trial.
District Attorney Will
Proceed Against the
Accused.
Supervisors Will | Sub
mit Propositions^ for
Improvements. \
CALL ANOTHER
BOND ELECTION
SEEKS ARREST
OF NORTHRUP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 28, 1903.
10
DoveShooting
j Is Good Now :
ii
" -it
Paso Robles
Hot Springs j
11 /For Particulars "Write ,,
\ W. A. JUNKER. i
, Lessee and Manager. "
, Paso Robles, Cal. 1
? Or Call On "
? THOMAS COOK & SON, '
n 625 Market Street. ?
1 1 San Francisco. 4
1 Information Bureau, Southern Pacific, '
( 613 Market Street. '
ii ( '
Santa Catalina Island
S^4 Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1003.
•Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
ING. FISHING, GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Canvas City is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, in Shady
Grove.
HOTEL METB0P0LE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS ANGELES, OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
t\lf M t%r%f\ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
KK UhllS eVVXTYx only AV, hours
Ull/IVwU from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State: boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press, and San Francisco morning and evening
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $5.50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of. the past eight years. Patronage of
1902 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery st. ; also at
Traveler office. 630 Market St., or of J. F.
MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MONTESET COUNTY, CAL.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rales to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
AUTOMOBILES.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patron* of last season say: "Ta-
hoe Tavern Is the equal of any summer
resort hotel In the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $.1.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City. Cal.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
STILL HAS THE CBOWO.
BEST WATER. ¥
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will be
at the springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences: large, airy dining-
room; exhilarating air; hunting. n>hing. swim-
ming, boating; rates $10 and $12. TIIEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop.. Oakville. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New. modern 80- room hotel: Ross Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boa tins, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10, 11. 2
trains Kent sta. MR. k MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marin Co.
K.T_TBICOISr PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore ot'Lak^ Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing:
bring suits'. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce, te'.. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Send for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca: stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. ra. train from city: round trlp^in-
cludlng stage, $14 00. -good for season. Rates,
$10 per week. .
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah, Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table tirst-
clasa. J. A. REDEMEYER &. CO.. Props.
nCCD PI PIT INN and c 011 *-": 6 mL from
DfcEK lAKft IHil Lake Tahoe: open June
!• elev. C507 ft.: mineral spgs. Traveler, 630
Mkt st.; booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Park. Cal.
PAfil P CTARI F^ kl « h . Tourltte. camp-
CAULC JlADLCJ „.,. hunters. Write to H.
A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 8AN CA i 0Sfi -
Hydrotherapy, electricity. X-ray, massage, etc
Modern. Ideally located. Send fur literature.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
tnloi leave *n<J «r» 4m to mrrtf »*
»AN KKAJfCXSCO.
(Mst« Ltea, Foot of Market Street.)
|--T» — TEOM JCK» M. 1MB. — A.MMZTM
')K|. B^Tiirim. fialmn. fcimfra aa* 8*crar
taento 7-Sif
7.00a TaeaTtlle. Waters. K»«a»*r „ 7.25*
7.30* KtrrUcev Saa Samoa, Vallfjo,
Kapa. CalUlosa, Santa Rots S.fSr
' 7-Sn* Xilea, Ltthrop. Stockton 7.26>
*-O0a r a\ la, WoKtlaixi. Keif hu Laodtac
Man-trlUe. OrerlUe. (ooaoeeU
at Xaryerlllt tor Orldley, Biss*
. o andChlco) _.... 7-5S*
t-00* AGmKIc Expro— Ogdea acd B— t. 10.2S*
8.0C* Port Cocta, Martinet. Antloch. Kj~
ron.Tracjr,6tocttoa.6acran3e*it<v
.. Los Han"-«. Mendota, Uaaford.
Vlttlla, Pnrterrlll* ¦««.26»
1.00a Pert CostA, lUrtl&ez. L»ttrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Frews, Oothea
Junction, Hanford. Tlsalla,
Bakerrtehl B-28»
t 50» Ebaeta Express — Darls, Minium
(for QarUett 8prins*k "willow*.
• +FTou». Eed UlnB, Portland 7-£3i
1.30a y:irs. Saa .'«. Livrnoere. Stock-
to&.ioBe.SsrraineBta.PiaeerTU'tt,
UarrtTHie. C&lco. Bed Bluff 4£t»
I 50* Oti:C» f CkScete. Jamestown, 8o>
tera, Tuolsnine aod AsgeU 4.2S>
9.00a Martinex and Way Stations. 6 XE»
10-OtU VaUeJfl 12£Ss>
«»CCO» CreacratC'AT Kxprca*. Eastbocnd.
— Port Costa. 1*7 rou, Tracy. La>
throj>. J-tociLcn, Merced. Bay- ,
ei jt'J. Fres&o. uanferd. Vlsalia, H
BakertfirlA. Lcs Angeles aad -' 1
Kew • Orlean*. CWeeibownd ai»
rlres as Pacto« Coast Sxpreas,
rlaCoa«t L'.rr) S1.5TZI
T8C0» Tbe OTerTand Limited — ORfioa,
jhticr, (Hnaba. Chicago......... 6 25»
12 00« Hayward. }(lleaai>d Way Stations. S-25»
ti-OOr facratnrstc River £teamers_......t1 1.007
SZOr Bralcta. VTlntcrs. Sacraaieiito. -»
"Wfoclnnd, Wtntsins. Co!usa,'WO>
lows. Kcipbtn I^ndliig. Marys-
ni!e. Ororl'te and way (tatiOBS.. 10-68*
SZtr Barward.KU«saa<!Way EUtiocs.. 7-B5F
4 C0» Marttiiez.6aiiRac]OB,TaIlcjo,Kapa,
Callitoga. Eanta Rota. 9-25*
4-OCp MarUDez.Trac7.LaUirop3U>crto&. 10 26a
4.00r KUes. I.1t» rmore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.26*
< 5Qp Barwsrd. Nile*. IrrlAgtofi. 6aa I 18.65*
• Jctc. LlTermor*.. I I11.6S*
B£0r The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
liakerafleld. Loa Acgeles: eoa-
secti at Basgns lor Eaata Bax»
bara. L(Si
SXtor Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Los
Untie* 12.26*
16-SOr Kile*, Pan Jote Local 7.25*
t COr Hayward.Nnesaud &an Jose 10.2&A
•¦COr Orlectal Wall — Opdrn. Dearer.
• ' Cinafca. Et. Lout*. Chlrtro ead
Kart. (Carrie* PolJmaa Car pas-
s«z>rfra nclr out of Baa Fran-
cisco. Toortrt car and coach
petcesgers take ?M r. K. train
to Keto. cootlfiBlBg tfieoce la
their caret r.». train eastward.. 4-Xt»
T.'ekibrund. SuBtet Limited,—
From Kew Tork. CMcspo, New
Orleaas, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Yresno. Bere&da. Raymood (from
Tofemlte). Martlnes. ArriTes.. BJM*
7£0r 6aa Pat^lo. Port Costs, liartlnes
and "Wey Etatleca. ., 1128*
*7.00r Vallejo 7-S8»
7X0r Port Costa. Besicta. Snl«vs, Da*la,
6acraice&to, Trackee, Reno.
¦ . Etopc at all sutlo&s east of
f-trrtcjecto ...................... 7ES*
• -Cir Oregon A- Calitornia Exprwa— 8ao-
ramento, MaryavUIe. Redding.
ForUaDd. Pnget Sound aed Bast. 8.65a
tt.tOf Uayuard. Kllea asd Baa Jose (Boa-
day only) :11.$5»
Ii^tr Port Cofta, Tracr, Lathrop. Ko-
<>e«to. Mercrd. liajmond (to To-
semlte). Fremo ..~.. \22T*
Hsnforu. Vl«al'.a. Batersfleld B.2S>
COAST LINE (Xarrow «a Bf tV '
(Foot of Market Str^t.)
'sJA&a b&cia Crux Exccrsloa (Snaday
only) ,-k... ».10»
CIS a Kewark. CeaterrtUe. Saa Jose,
Tf.v r.. Bonloer Creek, Saata
Crui and W«j StaUons 6 25»
JClSr Kewsrk. Centerrtlle. Ean Jose,
f Kew Alniadrn, Los Gstos.Felton,
Hi-cY.m Creek. Santa Crut and
PrlDdpal Way Btatloot 10 -55 A
(.It* Kewark. Ban Jcce. Los Gatos and
»¦»>• KtaUoDa (011 Saturday and
Sunday tod* (trough to Eanta
Crux, cocsects at Fe!ton Tor
Boulder Cre^-k. Monday only
from Banta Cn>x1 *8.E5 •
I OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroni SAN i¦nA^Cli^CO, Jfout «»f Market 6t. (Sllpn
— tir.i S;,s. 11:00 a.m. 1.00 8-00 6.16 k*
Prom OAKLAND. Koot of Uroadway — t<:00 la-.m
18.U5 10:uij«..ii. 1200 200 4.00 r.M.
COAST LINE <Bros« ttaayre).
< 1 bird ana TuwnocDd Streets.)
€10* 6an Jc*e un<i Way Station* 7 .30*
17-C0a fan Jofe aod Way button* 6-30r
fl COa Kew Alrr.aden /4.10F
t/.lBA ilixirrcr and Santa Cms Exccr
t!on <Si:noay only) 18.3Q#
•£C0* Cc»n L'r.e L-3 :trd — Btop* only Saa
Jot-e.GMroT.BolMcter.Pajaro.Cas-
troville. Sallnaa. 6na Ardo. Paao
RcMee. 6a nta Marfcarlla. San Lois
Obtspo.fprlnrlpa] atat1on*tbesce>
£aDta Uarbara. and Los An-
r< ¦• >. Connection at Cattrorille
10 and from Jiucu-rry and Pacific
Crove and at Pajaro nortb bound
rrotn Capltola aDd 6antaCraz.... 10.48*
¦ 410a Etc Jo*«. Tres PIbos. Capitols,
baota Crni.Parlnr Grore.Salinas,
6«s I.nla Oblepo and Principal
lBt<Tincd!ate Button* 4-10»
Westbcnud only. PactCn Coart Ex-
err»». — From Kew York.Caleaga,
Kew Orlran*. El Pato. Los Aa-
._ _. ' reles. 6cnta Barbara. ArriTes.. t.SO»
1D{0a Ecn Joce and TTay Statlcns 1 20»
11-10* fcau Jote. Lot Cato* and "VTay Sta-
tion* „.... 6-36*
• 1-ICr Sen Jose sod "Way Station*.... x7 OOP
ttcr fcrn Jo*e and "Way Station* C8.4.&A
USXOrDel Mocte r.iprrae— 6»nta Oara. *'***
t> Ean J»»«. Dei Monte, jlonterry,
l'aclf e Grore (connect* at Eanta
Clara for Kasta Cnit, Bonlder
Cre^k and Karrow Ganre Point*) H2.1B1
•liOr Bcrllnpamc. San Mateo, Redwood,
Meclcl-arV. Palo Alto Mayceld,
Mccntaln Vl«w. La wrence, Eanta
Clara. £sn Jose, Gilroj (connee-
tUii for hoi litter, Tres Plnot),
Pfijaro <<ocnfctlon for 'Wat»OB-
rV.if. CapttoU and Santa Crui),
Psclnc Gr»ve and war ststions.
Connecu at Castrovllle for Sa-
•« ZOr 6*n Jo*e*aLd"WBy"8ta*t!o"n»!!I!"r! 8-36a
enX,Cr Ean Jom-. ft!* Santa Clara) Los
Gato*. Wright and Principal ITay
Stations fjj.rjrjA
c{6.2Cf SanJorraDdPriDdpaltTajEtatioo* 18.00a
•16-ttP EanMsteo.B<-r«sford.IW:inont.8aa
Carkc lietiwuod. Fair Oaks.
MenioPsrk. Palo Alto tfi 4i*
$if> San Jom and TV ay etat lor.* SSbI
c74Xr feur.pet Limited. Esctbonnd^-San
Lot* ObifiH). Eanta Barbara, Los
Anreics, l*mtnr. El Paso. Kev
Orlean*. Kew Tork. (Wenbonad
A'SS'f* 10^ 10 •¦«Way6ulloas........ 10.16a
fcli^Oj Mllibrae. Palo Alto and Way 6til
lions......... 40 jc.
•li-SCrMinbrae, Ean Jote "and'w'syTta^
Vr "" tBA&r
X Eafu^.y^^day on,,. 1 " "" """«»¦
tiu>p» at all stations on Sunday.
1 Enudaj excepted I butidsy oc!r.
AfiatBrdayocly. » — *
• Connects at Gocbrn Jc with train* for HmforC
. Vlsalia. At Fresao. for VUaila *la SanterT
« vis t>*tt Line, j Tueaday and Friday,
w: Arrive via KHe». n Daily except Saturday,
ac Via San Joaquin Valley.
*. Stops Sacta Clara south bonnd ealy. Coaaaasa.
except bnniiay, lor all points Karrow Gaoxa. "~
tl)o*M not stos at Valcfida Lt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave *i» Siuaiil* Ferry "j Arrive
Sas Fran. r*«t at Kartt tl | San Fran.
Wee* I ban- -i357L '. Sun- Week
r>a>-*. ! daj-s /p"»£rfr>j!'ik day* Da\t.
»:45a "7):O«*a Kt~£l&yiV<m I^.OOn STT5a
1:46H »:OOa V?3vif>23r3P!/ 12:BOp 3:3O»
6:lfir 1O:OOa y'^^T*^ S:3Of 5:5Op
, StOOp «.„.„
Sateraty* cc!j. itvn *'«a 1 •:3Or,amTtS.F. ll:3Op
tlCIir I d2r» Mat.kxt St^ (NortD Shore Railroad;
WS.V, 4 and S*usaijto Keisv Pnrd Market St.
Weekly Call, $1 per Jear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Cures
Are Absolute
—^ No drugging with
• « medicines c o m -
*Jffi*_r*i\~~ pounded and sold
cheap to everybody.
l*fi£l \vBJf£r \- Tt * s ctieaper to p<>
V*KA \ fAi/'lF ' at "ice to our spe-
3T\ .1 "ifrjfJ clalists than to try
*^fc., * a^* I t * ie dozen and one
??3f ; * worthless methods
> that are close at
hand. What you need is to find out
what alls you.
Consultations Are Free.
Can You Afford to Be
Your Own Doctor When
Electrochemistry
CURES
Cancer, Consumption, Tumoti, Deafness,
Asthma, Catarrh, Rheumatism and Neu-
ralgia, Piles and Fistula, Skin and Blood
Diseases and Diseases of Men and
Women.
Free consultation and Electro-Chemic
X-Ray Examination during office hours.
CURE YOURSELF AT HOME.
For the use of out-of-town patients
the Electro-Chemic Institute will loan a
complete and expensive Electrical outfit
free of charge to those taking treatment
for the cure of Rheumatism, Deafness.
Neuralgia and the Diseases of Men and
Women. Write for details.
The E!ectro=Chemic Institute
118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours — 9 A. M. to 6 P. M. and 7 to
8 P. M. daily; Sundays, 10 A. M.
to 1 P. M.
Separate apartments for ladies and
gentlemen.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
California
Limited...
to CHICAGO
SAn Ideal Train
For Those. Who
Seek tha Best
SANTA FE TRAINS
Leave Market-Btreet Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Local I Ov'rl'd
I Daily I Dally | Dally | Dally
Lv. Ban Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:18 p
" Merced .... 1:05 p 1 :.">.'. p 1:28 a
" Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a.
"Hanford .. 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:50 a
" Vlsalla 4:65 p 4:48 p 5:00 a
" Bakerefleld 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:00 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping: at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
tt:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday is the
CALIFOBNIA LIMITED, carrying: Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dining • Cars
through to Chicago Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at"
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. .
9:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited, Composite
Car and Reclining; Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p.m. daily.
4 :00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair : Cars ¦ to Chicago; . also
Talace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. P Cor-
responding train arrives at 0:25 p. rn. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m. .
Offices — 441 Market Mreet and in Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland. '
Highland
Spring's
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL "WATERS of proven efficacy, for
liver, kidney, malaria rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
enced In advising their use (free). BATHS of
all kinds ' and massage. Purest mountain air.
. FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of Interest, many of which
can be made in one day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS CROQUET PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD, FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-finished rooms; flrst-class table; electric
lights.
Rates. $10 to $16 a week.
For booklet and other Information call on
Pack's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery St..
"Travelers' Bureau." 030 Market St., or address
CRAIG & KHKK.
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
I napF Napa County,
I SOD A SPRINGS, Gal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 pm. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your - health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application. *
OPENS_JULY I5th
HOTEL IpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAY, BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First Class.
J. S. MARSTON, Manager.
Correspondence So'icltid
/ v ¦
La Moine
First-class hotel on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
cently enlarged, furnishing modern accommo-
dations. Including electric lights. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento River.
Finest scenery in the world. Two trains
daily to and from San 'Francisco. Or. to sleep
in Oakland and wake up at La Moine, and
vice versa. Terms reasonable. Ad.Jress all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS,
Mgr., La Moine. Cal.
: ; ;
JULY IS . THE IDEAL MONTH TO VISIT
jETNA SPRINGS.
Charming cottage life combined with first-
class table service makes It the • best family
resort In the State. Walks, drives, rides and
all kinds of amusements. Prices to suit every
one. Round-trip rate from San Francisco $7.
Write for r>«mphlet. Addre.««
AETNA SPRINGS COMPANT
Aetna Spring's, Napa Co., Cal.
BLUE T AKES
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty o'
boating, bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation si*e. Senl
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, MIdlake
P. O.. Lake County. Cal. .
Camp Curry's Record.
390 Guent-i in 139
400 Quests In '00
715 Quest* In '01
800 Qticsts In '02
900 Already in '03
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery st. (Peck's
Bureau), or (Ml Market at. (Santa Fe office).
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New bulldlns; up to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, ¦ handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suite
with private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
$2 to $.'1 no per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager, WII-
tlts, Mendocino County, Cal.
Cilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. 'Long distance
phone. Trains from Third and Town-iend at U
a. m. and 3 'p. m." Write • for pamphlets.
R. ROBERTSON.
SUMMER HOME FARM
SAZ7TA CRTJ3 MOUNTAINS.
Fine location,' on creek, surrounded by giant
redwoods: .newly furnished: everything # for
comfort and pleasure. Send for booklet. H.
W. HAINES, prop., Gtenwood. Cal., or call 11
Montgomery st.. Peck's Bureau.
HOTEL BON LOMOND,
SANTA OBUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery st., or S. P. Co.. Cl."{ Market st.
I*. DICKINSON. Prop., Ben Lomond. •. Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach - waters,
swimming pond, games. livery: $0 tn $U per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., I
or H. H.*-McGOWAN. SelBler. 'Lake Co.. Cal.!
IMPORTANT AIMNOUNCEMEIMT!
Change in the Ownership and Management
'TUSCAN-.BSff
Located nine miles northeast of Red Bluff on
the line of tho Southern Pacific Rallro*d.
The undersigned begs to Inform the public
that it haa succeeded to the ownership and
management of these famous springs, and It
is their purpose to conduct them In a manner
<hat will Insure such care and comfort to its
patrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory.
Particular attention will be siven to th© cuisine
and dinlnx-room service. Furthermore. It Is
the intention of the new owners to extensively
improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties of
the various springs in cases of Gout. Rheu-
matism. Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Dia-
betes Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urin-
ary trouble?. Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia, Cystitis
and Blood ' Diseases of every description, will
place the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front
rank o f the famous mineral springs of tha
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT ANT> AtX.
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THET WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
ways and its connections throughout tha
United States. TUSCAN MINERAL SPR1NQ3
CORPORATION.
Stage and automobile transfer service be-
tween Red Bluff and Tuscan Springs.
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
California
Northwestern
Railway
The Picturesque Route of California.
DEER SEASON NOW OPEN.
In SONOMA and MENDOCINO counties deef
are very plentiful and their haunts only on*
day's ride from San Francisco.
BLACK BASS are biting freely In the Rus-
sian River around Guerneville, Cuemewocd
Park and Camp Vacation.
The many trout streams are yielding up
trout in great numbers, even thoutn hundred*
and hundreds have been fishing them fcr the
past two months.
THIS COMPANY runs its own Fish Hatchery
and every year stocks the streams alon: Uj
road.
So many people have returned from their
vacations since July 5 that there is plenty oi
room now for guests at the Resorts. Hotels
and Summer Homes.
No months in the year are bettar fcr «n
outing along the California Northwestern Rail-
way than July, August and September.
Our "Vacation 1903" gives full lnformatin
in regard to Hotels. Resorts, Summer Homes
and ramping- Spots.
CALL or WRITE for a cooy.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market st. (Chronic!*
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Market
St.: General Office. Mutual Life building, cor-
ner Sansome and California sts.. San Fran-
cisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l PassT Agt.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
rille. with a mile and a half frontage on ths>
Russian River. Tents In a beautiful grove of
redwocd. oak. madrone. laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 130 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco. $2 50.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
ville. Sonoma County. Cal.
iwTBnms JOCALOMA ¦JJ»
Bertram! Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families & parties; fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley: tele-
phone. JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin offlc*
•very Friday. 2 to 4 p. m., or No. Shore R. R..
620 Market st.
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free from fcg and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating. bath-
Ing. *tentlng ground; sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausalito ferry. M. C. MEEKER. Cam?
Meeker. Sonoma County.
MONTRIO HOTEL
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C F. CARR, Manager, Montrto Cal.
whiti: sxnupxrra sprxkos— Mo«t
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stag*; fare. Only 24 hours' ride:
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plunge
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism,
neuralgia, tczema, kidney, liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowling
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 a week and
up Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
WITT .KB MEDICAIi SPRINGS. Lak*
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed table and
best mineral water on earth: hotel open tar
guests the entire year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder » Trouble*.
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uklah.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. main of-
fice and water depot 916 Market St.. S. F. or
R. McCormlck. Witter Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE DEYSEES — A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblentz. formerly with Mar-
chand's and Delmonlco. has entire supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Sw J"? m i"*
baths hot springs. Hunting, fishing: J10. $12
and $14 per week $2 50 per day. Information
Cal. N. W. Ry.. 6.">0 Market st.: also FABIL3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
FESCADERO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co Commodloca
cottages, beautiful grounds famous pebble
beach fishing, hunting, sea bathlng-Phon*.
Rates! |S and $10 per week. V.. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor. ! - _ —
BSAUTXFTTXi CAMP 2IEEXEX — A
grand family resort In the redwood mountains
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect;
over 100 cottages already built: lots for sal*:
boating. ba:hlng and other amusements; excel-
lent table: rates $<5 P«r week: take Sausalito
ferry. Address II M. ORBOSON. Sole Prop.
FSEEMAIT HOTEX*
Auburn Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In th« foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. AdjJwi?.
FREEMAN * WALSH. Proprietor*.
yaiA FOZrrXSAT — Flxat-cUss retort;
Santa Crux Mts.; hotel, cottages: croquet,
tennis billiards, bowling, amusement hall:
electric lights; table first-class; $10 to $14:
phone; campers' return tickets. $2 50; circu-
lars. _XH ; _JL^E£r^R£ ;L _GJenwoo^CaU^
ANIOUG THE FIKES-^Ut. 203* fert.
>Vood'r?»«nch; $6-$.h week; positively no con-
sumptives: write for pamphtet. Robt F.
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cal.
EXITS HOTEIn Sonoma. Cal. — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Newly renovated
and now or>«n for summer guests. Rates r«a-
sonable. ' ¦
WILLOW RANCH— A charming spot In the
Santa Cru» redwoods; milk, fruit, sprinj
water, dally mall: excellent table. IS SO per
wk. MRS. WM. CRAN DELL, Santa Cru*. CaL '
When You
Go East
Let me attend to the details of your
trip, and relieve you of all the respon-
sibility and worry. That's what our
office force is here for — at your ser-
vice. Through glorious Colorado from
' Salt Lake City to Denver, and then on
to Chicago, St. Louis and Boston.
a That's the way we take yon. It's the
3 most intensely interesting ride in
1 America.
3 Kindly let me hear from you.
I A'. D. SAN80RN. Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
S 631 Market St., San Frahcljco. Cal.
1 633 Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN »Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Toot of Market St.
SAH rBAKCISCO TO SAW KAFAXI..
WEEK DATS— 7:J0, 8:00, 8:00. 11:00 a^ m.;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:00. 6:30 aad 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:3' p. m.
filT.VDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
2:S0, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAXT BArAEL TO SAJI FSAJTCXSCO.
,\ tKK DAYS— «:05, 6:50, 7:33, 7:&0, 9:20,
11:15 a. xn.; 12:C0, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:^0.
•, :2T> p. m E&turdaye — Extra trip at 1:43 p-m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
a-.4«, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. «:25 p. m. tEx-
ct-pt Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv«
i=anFrancl«co.[ May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | daya. | Da>».
I 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a S:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
S:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p! 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 1 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 y
| 7:25 p
7:30 a! 7:30 a ~~~ 7:45 a! 7:45 a
*:00a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. j
7-30 a 7:30 a ~ 10:20 a 10:20 a
S:00a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30p -^ I 7:25 p
I Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs, 10:20a 10:20 a
Lyttcn.
2:30p 2:30p GcypervlUe, 7:25 p 7:25 p
j Cloverdale.
7 30 a! 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
2 :30 p] 2 :30 p! and Uklah. | 7:25 p[ 7:25 p
1 -.50 a. 7:30 a| Wllllts. I 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~s7o6^M?!oO~aTcamp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p; 2:30 pi Guerneville. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 a; 8:fOa| "sontrma. I S:40a| 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a I 7:30a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
Weet Sprints; at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
at Geyservllle for Skasss Springs; at Cliver-
dale for the Geysers, Boonevtlle and Green-
wood; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Sprints.
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Vkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vnlley^John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly*s, BuckneU'a, Sanhtdrln
Heights. HullvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport,
Usal: at WIllitB for Fort Bragg, Westport,
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mintrs, Bell'iT^prlngs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Uarbervllle. Pert>erwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-.trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. '
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Act.
'
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted) — 0:45,
1-7-45 8:45. 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:45. 3:15.
i-15 t5-15, '15:15, 6:45, 9. 11:45 p. m.
'7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M sunday's and legal holidays— 7.
t8 t'9 flO- JL tll:30 a. m.. tl2:30 fl:30.
2-35 *3:5O. 5. «. 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San (juentin. Those
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
'VltOlMSAS RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. $6:25. 7:40. 8:15, $9:33.
11:05 a. m-. 12:30. 2:20. *3:45. 4:50, 5:30. 6:45,
10 Sl?NDAYS— C:16. 7:35. t8:10. 8:40. J10:55.
?U-45 a m.. 12:50. 2:30, 13:25. 4:40, *5:50,
0-55. 7:35. 10:20 u. m.
Tralna marked <t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISC O_Week days— 5:45. 6:40, 7:43. 8:20.
a 457 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 5:15. 5:10. 7:04,
l( SUNI)A l YS— «:35, 7:55. JO. 11:10 a. m., 12:0*.
IC5 ''^O 3:»5. 4:55, C:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
¦ ' *." THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. rn., week days — Cazadero and way
t-tatlons.
6 15 p. tn., week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Ton-.alef and way stations.
3:15 P. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. zn., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyts ami way stations. .
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market St.
FERRY— Foot of Market St.
fCoal Reduction 1
$ 2000 Pounds
I < Put in Your Bin
8 AMERICAN GANNEL SIO
Bold toy All neliabl* Pe»Ier». ' -^
RAILWAY TRAVEL* ' ' : ' ' V
jBllt A Walking
' v. 4^j*L JCriicyciopcuici
JLJL. An experienced excur-
X^^^^^^fe^^ sion manager is in charge
r x of the Rock Island tourist
** /Jr sleeping cars, which leave
V San Francisco
Mondar!.TB»dar« and Tb«r«daT» t« El Paso,
Wednesdays, Satardays acd Sundays "a Colorado Spring*.
He is a walking encyclopedia of information
about trans-continental travel, and his sole duty
is to help make your trip comfortable.
CzV,—ct writ* — (or folder girjnx foil
3 F. W. Thompson, G. W. A., MsSlRnM
5 623 Market St., San Francisco, GJ.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOUR3 FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIG
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT! . ¦'¦¦*'*
For particulars address A. S. MANN, 613
MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO..
Spiers Springs
LAKE COy NTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the niomach. ' Also • a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to $14 per •week.; Best '.rout fishing
in Lake County. Round-trip ticket, 8. P. of-
fice. $8. For particulars call at I'eok'e Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prop.; mall vlaMiddletown.
BON NIE NOOK
Alt. 4000 ft.; half ml." sta.; . cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. i>: WIARD,
Towle, Placer County, Cal. - - ' ¦ ? '¦•¦
BEBOESHEIK— -In the Santa Cruz red-
wood*; $7 and $8 weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs fi. Wiliw. R. F.'D-.-bor 121: Ranfa- Crux.I EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. July 27. —The failure of an
other (stock Kxchange firm, announced shortly
after toe orx-nlng this morning, renewed. the
feeitns of titrvoutnefs and prices were again
forced to a lower lei el. There were violent
decline* in wm" of the stocks in which the
filled flrm »«s immediately tnteT***ted. A
number of the rtandard railroad Flocks, at
the came time, sold donn from 1 to 2 points
un«Srr Saturday's level. But even during this
period of Initial weakness there *-*s manifest
• good absorption cf stocks and ZKtlnts of
•trenstb permitted « S aJast the dcjireailon.
.Chicago was lower on the day. . This mar
ket-continued Inactive and weak as to prices,
with all dealers willing to sell. The Chicago
circular .. of Bolton. .de Ruyter & 'Co. said:
"Market again heavy and lower.. -The-prlc;
suffers constantly from dullness, both In spec
ulative support and cash demand. -The large
packing Interests are offering very little. aid.
and the tendency- still - seem* lower. ¦ Unless
something drastic happens to the corn crop,
we don't see much to make higher priced pro
visions." " ...
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12Vic for light medium. 14l£c for light.'
1 5c for extra light.' 17o for sugar-cured and
18c for extra sugar-cured : Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 14 'i 3 15c; California Hams. 14®
14^c; Mess Beef. $11 50012 per bbl; extra
Mess. $12©12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess
Pork. $19; . extra : clear, $26; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12t$c:: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
(5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. jUfMairf 1 nm
LARD — Tierce* • quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and O^c for pure: half barrels, pur*.
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%c. • .
COTXOUa»a— Oa< btU bam; 9fe«i Uim
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, |7;
Corn Meal. fJ 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. %i GO; Hominy, tifii 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5004 75; -Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $0 75@8 60; In sacks, $C 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley. 15 SO: Split Peas, boxes. .$7;
Greea Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S 4 40©
4 US. ' usual/* terms; Bakera' Extras. $1 30fe>
4 40; Oregon and Washington.- $3 7004 per
bbl for Family and $3 70©4 20 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Judge Cook Is experiencing difficulty In
getting counsel to defend Michael Nolan,
one of the thugs who beat and robbed
Mrs. Emma V. Mathews at 343 Haight
street on March 4. He first appointed
Attorneys McClellan and McCloskey but
they -withdrew. Then he appointed At
torneys Stelnhart and Burchard. but
when the case was called . for trial yes
terday morning the Judge was notified
that Burchard was sick and could not
conduct the defense. The Judge asked
Attorney Louis P. Boardman If h« would
be associate counsel with Steinhart, but
Boardman pleaded other engagements
and Attorney H. Digby Johnston was se
lected. The trial will go on this morn-
Ing. .
Fighting Shy ox* Nolan's Case.
Flour, steady; No: 2 spring wheat, SOQSlc;
No. 3. 76^ SOc; No. 2 red. 77^@77%c; No. 2
corn. 52Uc: No. 2 vellow, Kltfc; No. 2 oats,
I :WViS40c; No. 2 white. 39He40^c; No. J
white. 35«72»e; No. 2 rye. 51c; good, feeding
barley. S2@4Cc; fair to choice maltlne, 47©
63c; No. 1 flax seed. Wic; No. t Northwestern,
97c; prime timothy seed, $3 40; mers pork, per
barrel. »13 3U@13 35; lard, per 100 pounds.
$7 'J2\WI 35: short ribs Hides (loose), *7 TWiai
7 73; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $7 50®
7 62H: short clear Bides <boxed), $8@8 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, |1 30; clover, con
tract grade. $12.
Articles — Receipts. SfilrmenU.
Flour, barrels 2. r ».«KM> 10,500
Wheat, bushels 54,700 70,100
Corn, bushel* ...37,400 "500.200
Oatt=, bushels .317.600 1 tO.;t()0
Rye. bushels 7,600 20.200
Barley, bushels 55,500 '
On the Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was weak; creameries, lOrj lSVio;
dairies. 13£17c: eggs, eaey, Il@l3e; cheese,
stronger. 10«j®ll«4c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — - July. Kept. .-Dec.
Opening 0 2% 8 2%
a °' lnS "PARIS. 6^ .
Wheat — July. Nov. -Feb.
Opening * 25 15 22 15
Cloning'.? : 25 20 22 20
Flour —
Opening .." 3170 29 85
Closing 31 70 29 95
Eastern Livestock Market.
A CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 27.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
2P.OO0. Western, 10® 15c., lower. Good to
prime steers, $5 15(05 45; poor to medium, ?4
64 50; Mockers and feeders. $4£T4 25; cows.
$3 2061 10; heifers. *2 25©! 75; canners.' $1 50
Cash quotations were as follows
Holllster— Fruit doing well but ripening
*Iow!y.
Coluea— A'.l fruliis in pood condition; peaches.
l>!nms en<! fwam rlrenlrg fast.
I!*!. •-.:<•, — Crops arc in fine condition.
Mvenaore — Heading nearly finished.
IV'iDowe — Conditlonti favorable for all crops.
Pints MaMa — Cool weather continues retaid
injt frca dr>lng: otherwise unchanged condl
•.ion».
NrpjJ— P«-«chrs tirjonlng; fair crop.
K!r.g C;:y— Ertiaaated yield of grain 4u.onr)
tacks.
CloverdaJe — Favorable condition for all kinds
of frutL:
¦ Palenao— Ea»ly Crawford peaches being
shipped and sent to market.
Htockton — <«rain >» :r:t held by farmers; very
IHtlc arriving «.t mills or warehouses.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
'VEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
ETATIONS. 5E3 3 # | 5 I :o : S.
Cloverdale fl3~*5 777. Clear S Brisk
Coiura U4 !<" Clear
Kur«ka M 52 Clear NW «
FrrMio 100 fti <"loudy W ';. <i
Hanford '. 97 f>s Clear .... ..
Hollisler 7« 50 Lt Fojr . . . ;
Independence . f<2 «V» . Cloudy FE 12
Kirjr City 63 50 Clear N Lt.
Mvo-mow .... KS 01 .... Clear
Los Angeles ..76 r«4 Clear W 8
Newman 102 55 Clear .... ..
Pal^rm^. V» 52 «Tlear
Pcrterville. U» Kl PtCMrNW-.;
n«J Bluff .... m es Clear SE Lt.
R!\«-r«ide MM Clear ...; ..
Farranv nto . . . K8 6« C!r*r S R
Fan Diego ... 70 «2 Clear NW 12
San Francisco. <S2 50 Clear W 24
Pan Jure .... 82 52 .... Clear w.'. -.?.'?.-.. :
F. L Ot>i«}«o . . 70 r.2 Clear W r S
Panta Maria.. <l U Clear W Strg.
Par.!* Rosa .. 81 4<J Oear :.
Sj-orkt<»n M 5K Clear •..-....
WlUows «5 S7 Clear' ; 8
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old 77^ 77*i 771J 77«i
J-ily. new 77>i 77«I4 77V4 77"!i
Se.-te.nber. .Id. 77% 7«% 77^ 7»4i
Srpten'b'i new 7.'>S 78', 77% 7h^
«'orn NK. 2—
July r.2'4 52Vi ."ii*4 S-.s;
September R2 7 <i 63 52Vi 52*4
December 52% .V3H 52% o2] t
¦ Oats No. 2 —
July 4J!4 m4 38«i .VJ*4
Scpterljer .... 34 .'J4H .«:;*, ;{4
Dectn>lH.r ..•¦;«*,» V> 3i4 34*4
May 3«y 4 37 !» 304 o«f»
Mess Pork, rer barrel —
September 1.1 C3 13 674 U 45 13 50
Lard, per 100 pounds —
Stfvtember IW 7 70 7 5.V 7 5."i
October 7 VZM 7 024 7 40 7 424
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 7 024 7 974 7 75 7 774
October 7 80 7 S24 7 674 7 67 Vi
Fnr the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m
320th meridian time. San Francisco, July 27:
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
Bid. Ask. . BldJUk.
Colehan- «« 17|Rescce 14 IS
Esperanza ... 05 CCjTcn Belmont.l M 3 00
Gipsy Queen.. 2« —(Ton & Cal... — 40
Gold Mt Con. 10 — ;Ton Fraction. — 1 CO
Lucky Tom... — ID Ton & Gt W. OS 07
MacNamara . 21 2T.Ton of Nev.. — 8 CO
Mizpah Ex... — 43, Ton N Star.. 49 31
Mont. Ton 9!i 97|Ton Midway.. — 45
N Y Ton 07 C3;Ton Union ... — 80
Paymas:er ... IS 20 Utopia. — S3
Pina Grove .. 5*» ¦ — *•
TONOPAH MINES.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Paclfle *
Stnck Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
DOrt Chollar 21 iooO Savage 17
l'» C C & Va...l VtftltOO Seg Belcher. 15
100 C C & Va.. -leu |2uO Sierra Nev.. 5«»
.'4M>. Mexican 115 !»:•"*» Silver Hill. .. »2
100 Mexican 1 1"U 200 Silver Hill... W
10O Ophlr 1 W> |:mx> Union Con... «7
ICO Ophir 1 624 j 20O Yellow Jack. 73
300 Overman ... 23 12CO Yellow Jack. 71
• •¦ Aftsrncon Session.
2C0 Belcher 41 ., W)O Ophlr 1 «»)
2C0 Chal Con.... 4."» i 2<)O Overman ... 2H
.'.Ort «.'hollar 2i !3W)S«g Belcher. 15
lODCCt V1...I 3i 2eO Slcira N;-v.. S7
200 C C & Va...l 4.1 l5«iO Union Con... £3
500 Con Imperial u! I3W ITnlon Con.:. SJ
400 Mexican I 10 |20O Utan S«l
800 Mexican I <'T 41
SAN FHANCIECO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Moraing Session.
KO Andes C9' 1<*» Overman 2tf
200 Cr>n Cal \<fc Va.t 0«U~00 Seg Belcher... 15
2iK> Gould & Cur... 41|40O Sierra Nevada. o«
tea Mexican 1 13' 100 Utah Ui
20O Ophir 1 t<C{
Afternoon Session.
350 Belcher 42- ZOO Kentuck 04
40O Chollar 21 12C»> Mexican 1 10
20O Con New York. ltiJlCO Union Con 8S
300 Gould & Curry. 41|
TONOPAH EXCHANGE.
The following were the. sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchango yes
terday:
/ Morning Session.
7CO Cen Eureka... »0; 600 Montana. Ton. 9*
75O Colehan lfi; 2«O Rescue 15
400O Esperama . . . "51 «O Tono Belsiont.2 CH»
20<iO Esperania ... W liO Tono & Cal.. SS
2f )0 Gipsy Queen.. 27 2fl<> Tono A Ca... M
50O MacNan-.ara . 2.:! ICO Tono A Cal ... 37
ICO Montana Ten. S>aj
Aftemcon Session.
100 Cotehan, 1<V 700 MacNamara . T\
2U0«> Esperansa ... «5i ICO MacNamarA . Zi
¦ 2W Gipsy Queen. 27| ICO New Tor* Ton 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. July 27—4 d. m.
EiJ-'-sk I B!J.A»k /
Alpha 06 07 Julia 02 04
Alta 05 07! Justice 13 M .
Andes PH < '.1 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher .. 42 4X Mexican 1 05 1 10
Krsl &. Belch. 1 S3 2 ... S« 38
Bullion ,M 04 Ophir 1 55 1 60
Caledonia I 3« 1 S3| Overman .... 25 20
Challenge 43 4.H Potosl 23 25
Chollar 2«» 22, Savage 16 17
Confidence -...1 2O 1 3C Scorpion 04 03
Con Cal 4 V.I 45 1 5C Seg Belcher.. 13 14
Con Imperial On 04 Sierra Nev... 85 .VI
t'on NY 1« I*! Sliver Hill ..80 S3 .
Crown Point. 20 22jSt Louia 13 20
Kureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate .... — 06
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con .. 81- 83
Gould & Cur. ' 40 42 Utah 33 37
Hale & Norc. 50 55 Tel Jacket ... (57 US
Lady Wash... r?i *^*l
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 58. — _ — I Do 5s m
Bay CPC •">*. — 10.V-i' Do con fa.100
C C CG&E59 — 107 4lO W C k 3s _ 100
Cal G A E s Oceanic SCSfl — .«c{
n» and <.t".d — 100 Om C R b'a. — r««
Cal-st C 5s. — --- |Pac O Impls <m; ~
;C C Wat S3. 974IC1:: .P E Ry 5a.. 10s
Ed L &P CS.12S — P & c R Cs. — -_
F Cl R 6S..11U4 — P A- O R «g fiii ;
Geafy-st R5s — — Powell-st bs'll^i'i
II. C&S 5S«.102H — P E G&R5s. - 104
II C & S 5s. — 100 SF & SJVos. — 121
Hon R T Hs. — 1CS. S R of C t>s.lli»m7-i; ¦
L A E!ec 5s. — — S P of A 6s .'-J
1> A Ry 5s. — 114'i tlJ>O!i) ¦ _
L A L Co H*. — — U01O) «|»'i _
Do gtd Hi. — — S-P of C es
Do girt os.tW — (Iftorosr A.IOJ^ 1OP',
LAP lem 53.10341014 <1005)Sr B. — "lt-5'1
Mkt-st C «s. — 12* «1!M>«) lJ6»4(:7i*
Do lem 5a. 1174 — <1!»12) — m J
N R of C 6a. — 1(10 SP C lcg5s.l2iMV —
Do 5s ....11941204 Do st:Tio»l.i97U -
N P C RR5« — lO&lJ S P B n'l* — lil
N C Ry 3s. — UHi. S V Wat to. 107 _
N C P 5s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm U©« _
N S P. 5s.. — 100 Do 4s "T-Un. »l2lWK
OOI.U 58.110 — Stkn G&E .-.3 !).-» _ *
Oak T «s... — 1214 U G & K 3i.iO3 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Co«ta — CO ]Port iVi., : M (di;
Marin Co .. 00-^i — I Spring Val.: WS . ._
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P. — 5U Sac E. G&R. 3ft ' J_
Equit Gas... 4% 0 BP.Ott-.r., .1 34
Mutual B L. 13 l'l l i Stkn G &. K. ft —
Pac G Imp.. 5.'. 5-M4 U G & E... 344 —
Pac L Co... 534 604
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. *
S F G & E. «5 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.123 — Lon P & A.1C5
AnKlo-Cal ..03 — Merch Trust. — 2l>0
Bank of Cal — 530 Merch Ex .. 5T» 75
C S D & T.14241«0 S F Nationl — —
First Nationl — — .
SAVINGS-BANKS.
Ger S * U — 2275 Sav A L So. — ino
' Hum S & L — — Sec Sav Bk.400 SCO
Mut S Bank. 05 — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav U.njO 750
' STREET RAILROADS.
California . .100 2C5 " I Presidio 33- 50
POWDER.
Giant 71U — /Vlgorit ..•.'.. 4 54
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 15c\ Kilauea S C. 5 S«i
Hawaiian C. 444 4HTi Makawell S. 2» 24
Honokaa S C 124 13 Onomea S C. 23 234
Hutch S P C 144 15V» Paauhau S C 15 17'
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl484>3<> Oceanic S Co 7 '.« 71J
Cal Fruit As — 904 Pac A F A. 2«i —
Cal Wine As — DO Pac C Borx.166 , —
Morning Session.
Board —
. 10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 45 00
$1000 S P of Aritona (1900) ."...107 CO
Afternoon Session.
SESpv. Board — "^XP^iSSSPSii
50 Giant Powder Con ¦.'.....". "1 50
„ »'¦ 5 S V - Water . • S5 124
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s .....120.0i>'
CALIFORNIA STOCK AND OIL EXCHANGE.
Oir stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co .... Ho
' Four ' OU '. • • . -«v • • • 70
Hanford Oil :.... 123 0«> 125 00
HnmeOlI 2 00 3 00
Imperial Oil IS 00 «...
Independence Oil ..;.. 16 IS
junction 011 :...;r;..:;..^^ 21
Bid. . \ «¦;».[ ¦ Bil \sk
4s qr coup.. — llj'Jls Q. e (n*w).135Wl3Bi;
4s qr reg. ..Ill rt^fSa qr coup. .106 ! iu>.)
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAY. July 27—2 pi m
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local* securities continued very dull, with no
changes worthy of note.
The Tonopah Monarch Mining Company haj
levied an assessment of 2c. delinquent Aug. 3
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. JULY 27,
Flour, qr sks... 15. ?572] Middlings, sks. ' 53|
Wheat, ctls 3,715' Hay. tons 1 «?8
Barley, ctls «,070i Hops, bales... 132
Oats, ctls l.S2»; Straw, tuna '. • 33
Beans, sks 51T>! Sugar, ctl* bflo
Corn, ctls.. 8*>0'Hides. Xo orr*
Rye. ctls •*. OdOj leather, rolls.. <^»
Potatoes, ska. . . \ 3,ns'>j Tallow, ctls "2?»
Screenings, sks. x 200: Pelts. No 3 450
Wool, bales 1 10: L-tme. bbla 'ai7
Onions, sks "-"Oj Wine, gals 65 40i»
Bran, sks SSO Quicksilver flks. ¦'•
Op?n. ¦ High. Low. Close.
December .. J*8% W»4 »3*4 00 Vi
OATS— The market Is very flrm, with con
tinued light receipts and offerings, though the
demand is nothing extra.
vtlitte, $1 ii'.r^i >3: Black, $1 lotf/i 20;
Red. $1 124&1 l<^a for common and $1 20©
I! 25 for choice: Gray, nominal. .
CORN — Is very scarco and arrivals are
taken on sight at firm prices. Small round
yellow Is not sufficiently represented to quote.
It Is seldom that the market- is so bare ¦ of
Mock as it has been for several months past.
The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Kuyttr &
Co says: • "Market active • and fractionally
higher. West and South still without rain*.
Temperatures in the Southwest are rather high.
Complaints of need of rain are Increasing.
Rather cooler weather and showers are pre
dicted for Iowa 'to-morrow. Snow says the
progress for July. has. been only normal. There
has been no catching up. the crop Is' attll
three weeks late and does not promise better
than 2.00O,000,Ot>O. Cash situation is moder
ate and stocks show a decrease for the week.
There was a good deal of profit-taking on the
firmness to-day, but on the whole the IochI
speculative situation Is unchanged. Unless
quite general relief comes In the way of rains
no material break is likely." ..
California large \ellow. $1 55; small round
do. nominal; White. *1 55; Egyptian $1 453V
1 60 for White and fl 40©l 45 for Brown.
RYE— $1 lOtfl 16 per ctl for olu or new.
BUCKWHEAT— V-if- 30 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December .. &74 08^ 07H »8*i
Seller ytar.
new 07 87 07 07
V.^> - 2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Feed new, $1 05ffl 07«i; new shipping and
brewimc *1 IL'4*il 174; old brewing. SI 154*
1 20; Chevalier. $1 2C@1 40 for fair to choice.
CASH HARLEY
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 46U $1 4ti4 $1 4614 $1 4»l*i,
BARLEY — The week opened firm, with high
er prices for both futures and cash grain.
Sales of Feed at $1 C5ffl 0«H4 were made.
2 p. m. Session
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HiRh. Low, Close.
December ..$1 45 $1 47 $1 45 $1 46Vi
WHEAT — Foreign futures were higher. The
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows..-"In quarters: .Russian,, 259,000: Danu
blan 40.000; Argentine, 112.000; Indian. XOtS.
000.
Chicago advanced Hie. but foil hack slight
ly. The American visible supply decreased
117.000 bushels. There was good outside buy-
Ing of both Wheat and Corn, with increasing
signs of a large public Interest In grain. •
This market was flrm. with higher futures.
There Is sharp competition for supplies be
tween two-flrnn In the vicinity of Stockton,
which Is running prices up In that region. As
high as $1, 574 Is reported paid there for fine
milling. . .
The Chicago letter of Bolton. De Ruytcr &
Co. says; "Market was again strong and
higher. Liverpool was up ¦\fii}id. partly on
smaller world's shipments than had been ex
pected. Primary receipts about half of l«st
year, and th<? visible supply shown a small de
crease, against an Increase of over 1.000,000
last year. Snow, in his crop report, falls lntft
line with the general commercial estimate by
saying that threshing returns show a large
falling off -from expectations. Yield of winter
wheat no larger than last year. He also says
that spring wheat Is no more than holding Its
own and that rainfall Is badly distributed. Our
own reports continue to b« in the nature of
complaints, both on the threshing returns In
Nebraska and the appearance of the develop
ing crop in tho Northwest. Cash demand Is
still moderate, but with practically no stocks
of wheat selling pressure. Is slight. We -still
advise buying wheat on the breaks."
New Wheat. $1 37401 424 for. shipping and
$1 47 4©1 524 for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 Wtl 424; California
White Australian. $1 60«l 524; Northern
Club. $1 424<jil 4.%; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 4s944* 1 50: Oregon Valley. $1 474 .
Wheat and Other Grains.
<120th Meridian— Pp-Mflc Time.) ,
.-AN FRANCISCO. July 27—5 r. m.
g g
s i- ?& Z* Z* I
• 5 - • • ?
! . : ¦ : nn.on yn t* nw near .00
UKTSOB 2!».J>2 !>>»» 4S W P'.Cldy .00
"Kurcka ,.' M.10 ."S B2 NW Clear .00
I • . • ¦.<¦ 2? .tW lrt) ?»> W Clctidy .f*>
KUgxlaff 2»>* S2 M W Clear .00
l-.'.e; frjdence .2:».h^ tg: «i) FE Cloudy .00
1- s A!irr>;*> ? ..:v». 00 7« 54 W Ciear ..«0
Mt. Tan»a!i>ais. .';«•-?'» M> 5<» S Clear .00
-N'r^'i Head B»»
Fttoems 2ri.72 i>>n 7t; w « >>r .00
i''fitc!lc 2O.s'» '.»0 Si »V cirar .00
: •.. • ¦¦: ::fi.w, K»> X>Z NW ci^ar .wO
I'oir.i Key**.. JtO.Ce &ft 50 "BE ¦*i<udy .0<>
Red Hlvf. ...2a. 92 r»« 152 SE Clear .00'
j^t-ar-burt r^.!.(»4 M 4S N «"iear .00 j
H.U.T41 merer . -J.i.'M SS M f Clear .00
Salt !.-'..< *..».M 00 vn NW Pt.Cldy .00
Psn r*ranclvcxi.:S0.<>4 «2 SO W <*lear .00
K. L. Obitpo. .3Q.V8 7(t 52 W Cur .00
S Dteffo ...-£i.V>i 70 C2 NW Clear .00
Settle DO
Bj k«n» 30.02 SO .V> SW Cloudy .00
TatooEh 52
Walia Wa:!a..2».ftK W> 5*4 W Clear .(O
W-.r.neraucca .2».!C &> 4S NW Cuar .<<0
Vant 29.70 105 74 W Clear .00
WEATHER POKDITtOXS AND GiCNERAT.
FORECAST.
The pressure hts fallen slowly over the
r.crrhern Dortlcn of the Pacific Ccast. There
is cont'ldenible cloudiness in the t-'ierras and
in the t-an Joaqutu Valley, but no rain has
fallen west of the Rocky Mountains. A mod
eraU" disturbance may develop over the valley
cf the Colorado.
The temperature remains nearly sia.tionary
in California. In the. great valley the tem
peratures are about normal. Alonsr the coast
cool weather prevails.
A rr.axirsuRi wind^jelocity of 36 miles per
hour from the south is reported at Modena.
Forecast made at ftaji Frant isco for thirty
hours tndlnr midnight. July 2>>:
Northern Olifornia— Cloudy Tuesday, pos
sibly thunder showers In the mountains; lig+.t
snutheriy winds inland; fresh westerly winds
vn the coast.
Southern <:a!ifornia — Cloudy Tuet-lay; light
«.««er!> mindb.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
light southerly, charring to brisk westerly,
»:.i4s. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Mining Stocks.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver Is hie higher. Sterling Exchange is !
»4 c lower.
The Ventura brought up from Australia ?!,- , :
5O0 r 0f>0 In sovereigns.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 8»4 j
Sterling. Exchange, sifcht — 4 sts : !i j
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S7\ !
New York Exchange, sight — ' t)5 I
New York Exchange., telegraphic — 074
Silver, per ounce — 54*i !
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
WASHINGTON'.
TACOMA. July 27.— WHJSAT— Steady; blue
stem, 82c; club, "Sc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.^ *':•
PORTLAND, July 27.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 77(g7Sc; bluestem. SOc; valley SOc.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 64®9c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 54c; Peaches, 4 4&7c for
fair to good stock: Pears, nominal at <c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4®5ijc;
sun-drl2d, 3@4c: Peaches. 4664c; Pears, 40
44c for quarters and 5®o'.ac for halves; Nec
tarines. 4@5c for white; Plums. JO tie for pitted
»nd l(&14c for unpltted; Figs. 3 4 sic for black
and 4&5c for white. - . .1
PKUNES — l!*»»a crop. 2%S2%c'for the four
sixes, with 4@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-urown loose Muscatels, 50-1 b boxes, 5l£o per
lb; 3-crown, Sfte: 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, uc: Seedless Sultanas. -5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 54c; 2-crown London Layer*. 20-
Ib boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50, 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-orown Imperials.
20-1 b boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o.l b. Fresno, fancy.'
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7Hc.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12Uftl3c;
No. 2, 104@UHc: No. 1 hardshell. 114©l2c;
No. 2, 10«lo4c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
104@llc/for I X U lu&104c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8&6fec for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5&7c
for Eastern; Pecans, 11613c; Cicoanuts,- 14 50
tf6.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted, 5fc.<S«c; light amber extract
ed. 5$54c: dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts', Raisins ,Honcy
The fruit market was somewhat dull as far
as the local trade was concerned, and the In
quiry for shipping stock was light, only email
parcels of good sound stock being wanted for
that purpose. Prices of Plum.', Prunes, Fijrs
and Apricots In small boxes and crates had
but slight variation, receipts belntt. light. Fan
cy well-colored Gravensteln Apples ln,4-\tler
boxts were f.eady at $l@l 25 per: box, but
cheaper grades ot .Apples dragged at:«j«sy
rates.. -Tlv .river boats, axjived Jat« with large
consignments of Peaches and Bartlett Pears.
The canncrs bought a i«?v.- lots of first-class
Pears at tto quoted rat'?, but most of the
receipts were ' offering to ihe trade and sold
at a wide range as to qt 1. ay. The receipts
were estimated at about 10,000 boxes, over
half of which were teci rd.s. Peaches were
weak at lower prices, bi ill In baskets and
boxes. Apricots In butk -./ere a little firmer
under ..llsrht. receipts. The top rate, however,
was paid only for gllt-eilccd stock, $25 being
an extreme figure for the teneral run of sup
plies. Nectarines and Grapes were offering
trcely, but only very choice, stock attracted
any attention. Seedless Sultana Graces ap
peared from Hanford and sold at $2 per crate.
Melons were In free supply and quoted lower,
although trading was fairly active. Berries
and Currants ruled firm under light receipts.
Blackberries and large Strawberries were
quoted higher.
There was nothing new to report In Citrus
or Tropical Fruits, and all* prices stood as
previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES — $507 per chest for Long,
worths and $3 r.0<Q5 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $5«7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $3 5o@5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $3©4 per chest.
ilUCKLEBEURIES— *<&10c per Ib.
CURRANTS— 40ft5Cc per drawer.
4PPLE3— 75c©$l 25 per bos for choice and
faucy and 4UgU5c for common; Crabapples, ayj
50c for amall boxes and 75c for large.
PEARS— Bartletts. $5c#$l per box for
wrapped, and 50c®$l for large open boxes; to
caniirra. $3U<y35 per ton; Dearborn Seedlings.
23940c for small boxes, and 50c for large.
FIGS— From Sonoma, 50cQ:$l per drawer;
large bcxes from the river, — .
PLUMS — 35f|50c per box and 50(S60c per
crate: tu canner*. $15©CO ;>er ton.
PRUNES — Tragedy. 50£<50e per crate and
8&4J5CC l-er basket.
NECTARINE!^ — 3fi® ioc per box or crate.
APRICOTS — BOCSWc per box or crate; to can
ners. $2«:<g30 per ton.
PEACHES — 3e©50c for small boxes ami
«0«S75c for large; baskets from the river,
201940c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1*»1 25 for small
crites from Bakersneld. and $2(t2 50 for large
crates from Winters and the river; Nutmeg
Melons from the river. $1(&1 25 per box; Wa
termelons. *:5#2<t per hundred.
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from I'aca
vllle, $1 25 P*r crate; Fontaincblcau, 75gS5c
r^or cru 1 1*. *
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50©
2 &O per "box: Seedlings. $161 25; Valenctas.
$1 50t*3: St. Michaels. $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25B1 50; Lemons. 75c@$l for stand
ard. Jl 25&1 <0 for choice and $202 75 for
fancy; Grap« Fruit, $l@l 25: Mexican Lime.*.
$4 5C&5; Bananas. $1 . r .0@2 50 per bunch for
Central American and 73c{j$l 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $1 oO@2 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citru^f Fruits.
Hutter opened the week lower and very, in
active. ' Seme houses still stood out ¦ for last
we'k's prices.' but most of them offered their
finest Roods at 25c. Stocks showed a visible
Increase, and were large, and every house
had all it wanted to carry.
Cheese continues quid, but prices show no
change.
Egifs rule firm, and fine large white ranch
will brine th<? top quotations. Receipts arc
moderate and stocks are not large.
Receipts were 76.500 lbs Butter. 675 cases
Egss and S?,1<V> lbs Cheese.
KUTTER — Creamery. 24«&2.ic: dairy. 224«t
24c; i-tore Butter. 17ii20c: Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE— New. 12><.<f?i:!c; Toung America.
lAVtOlic: Eastern. 144@154c; Western. 14'^
15c per lb. ,
EGGS-Ranch. 2»'®274c for large white «e
iccted ami 2-t<Q2Sc for good tn choice; store,
lS623c; Eastern. 1S921C cer do'zen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. July 27.— Clearings, $719,509;
balances. $207.2.".r.
TACOMA. July 27. — Clearings, $331,104; bal
anrts. $40.J>08.
PORTLAND. July 27.— Clearings, $565,50.";
balances. $75,241.
Northern Business.
RED AND WHITE LEAU- Red Lead 6O
64c per lb: White Lead. 6S84e. accordln- to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In luO-lb baz»-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5 73c :
Powdered. 5.£0c; Candy Granulated. a"eo- :
Dry Gratiujated. fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulat*a*
coarse, 5.5Cc: Fruit Granulated. S.Crtc- iwi
Granulated (100- lb bags only). 5.40c; Conrec
tioners' A. 5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C
6c: Golden C. 4.S0c: "D." 4.S0c: barrels loc
more; half barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more
60-lt> .tetgs. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets —
Half-barrels, ec; boxes, 6.25c per Ib. Xo or
di^'s taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. 99 5O- p.oalyp
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. *7 50'
Richmond. *7 50; Cumberland. $13 i n bulk and
J14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg |13-
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton'
Coke. $11 50i513 per ton In bulk anJ Jli in
sacks: Ro«.ky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs *nd SB 50 per ton. according to brand
OIL — Linseed. 4Jc for boiled and 42c
for raw in barrels; cases. 6c more- Castor
Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c: Bakers' aa $1 icffl
1 12; Lucol. 44e for boiled end 42c for raw
In barrel*: Lard Oil. extra winter strained
barrels. 00c; cases. 05c; China Nut 574fcvv
per gallon; pure NeaUfoot in barrels 75<v
cases. $<0c: Sperm, pure. 70o; Whale oil* nat'
ural white. 50©65c per gallon: Fish OH in
barrels. 45c : caaes. 50c; Cocoanut Oil in bar
rels. 5?e for Ceylon and C5c for Australian
COAL OIL— Water Wh:te Coal Oil in bu';k
14c: Fearl OH in cases. 204c: Astral 20 'Ar-
Star. 20^c: Extra Star. 244c; Elaine' 20ite :
Eocene. 234c; deodorix*d Stove Gasoiine in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23'ic: Benzine. j n o ' ul L n
13c: in cases, 19%c: S«-desrea Gasoline i4
bulk. 21.-: In cases. 274c. - '
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon In cases and
67c in drums and Iron barrels. .-. " .
BAGS— Advices from Calcutta under date
of June 25 say: "The preliminary Govern
ment forecast for the f.omlngr season indicates
an output in bales of 5.4'JO.OtiO. or 7»> per cf-nt
of the normal. The current neason's output
was S.sfO.OCo bales, and there is very mile
of It left. Thes* figures caused quit? an ex
citement, and the mills absolutely refused to
sell, even at higher prices." The latest ca
bles show that th» cost of Ba?a next season
will be J.'. «2'i, lamled on the dock her*. '
Grain Bags., 4.75<i?r>o; San Quentln, 5.."»5e:
Wool Bag*. 32«."~V; Fleece Twine. 7'i»r
8c; Cotton Fruit iJags. 6i«e. 0«4c and 7}ic io
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese.
per pair. $1 2301 50; Gos!lr.gs. $1 23©1 50:
Ducks, J3®t per dozen for old and $3 50®
4 50 for young: Hens. $}G«">: young Rooster*.
JOSS: eld Roosters. $4j75: Fryers. $3 50®4 50;
Broilers. S3@3 50 for large and $2@2 50 for
email; Pigeons. $1 SO per dozen for old and
11 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per dczen; iJare.
(1 25; Wild Doves. 50g73c per dozen.
Contrary to expectations there wan no
Western Poultry received, but a car was re
ported close, at hand and will probably b«s
marketed to-day. Receipts of domestic stock
wore light and as the demand was likewise,
prices were • without quotable change. There
was not. much doing In Game. What little
cam* In cleaned up readily at unchanged
rates.--
Poultry and Gqme.
LONDON. July 27.— Consols. 01 1-16: silver.
25 5-lHd; French rentes, 07f 62'ic Wheat
cargoes on passage, more offering; Englieh
country markets, firm at Increase of Cd: wheat
and flour on passage to United Kingdom,
2.260.00O; wheat and flour on passage to Con
tinent, 1,090,000.
LIVERPOOL,. July 27.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 Standard California, Us 7d; whsat In Paris,
quiet; flour in Pari*, steady: French country
markets, steady; weather In England, rain.
COTTON— Uplands. 6.64d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, July 27. — The rotton market
opened firm at unchanged prices to an advance
of 6 points and closed at a net decline of
5@10 points:
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Weather Report.
Lcte mail advices from New York say:
"Epot of all description* rules quiet, but on
the mere. Important articles the/feeling If firm.
In Fruces values are unchanged and a fair Job
bing bur-.r.tM- Is noted. There continues a firm
feeling; ©a the large sizes, and the ideas of
holders appear stronger at the incide firures.
In futures ccast wires to-day report the ideas
of packers as firmer, and In seme Instances a
Xrcmiuzn of from 4c to *4c Is quoted on 40-5f*s
Sar.ta Clam ever the 3c four-cize bag basis for
Jlr*t half of October shipment. Some business
has been put through in Santa Claras 4'i-50s,
r<0-60s and 60-70s on a 2%c four-s'.x* basis.
but this ftjrur* has t-een withdrawn. In Pono
mas wires quote a ranpe of from 2Sc to 2*«c
four-tire bad*, first half of October shipment.
«}n a. 2 a 4c basis for Santa. Claras buyers, it Is
believed, would take bold, but in the absence
of offerings at this figure from larpe packers the
Eovement In futures is quiet. In Currant* tpct
;s firm, but the demand for uncleaned is light.
Occasional sales are heard of at quotatl/m* In
a email way. For cleaned a pood jobbing in
terest is noted within the r»r.»re. Cartons are
<suottd at 6c inside f«r best offerings. Advices
from ihe frtmary mttrket note a. firm situation.
In Apricots spot is steady and in jobbing d«
manrt. with \alues steady. Futures are not at
tracting special fr.xeTter. Wires fro:n the coast
report the lores of packers as being very firm.
One »"tre <juotrs choice Varavllle In sacks at
Sc f. o. b. and extra choice at 84c. Peaches
•pot are steady. In Halsins there !s lyted a
moderate jobbing: demand for seeded and prices
«re etea^y. Valencia layer* are firm but quiet,
f ultanns are !n jobbing demand. For Figs spot
js steacy to firm on best offerings, with a fair
1 . v :r.p demand. Futures are quiet.
-Vrti 1 York Dried Fruit Market.
Total Mlr«.. ..l.t%»,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF" BAN FKANCIgCO
NEW YORK. July 27.— United Kallroads of
Kan Francisco bend traneactiona were $5000 at
(76 25 and 15000 at $76.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s rcg.. 106*4 Manhattan .100
Do coup ...:.. loflji u 8 Steel ...... ~p%
Do 3s reg 1O7?4 L & N Unl 4s... »8H
Do coup 10PH Mex Cent 4s 70
Do new 4s reg.l34U Do 1st inc .... 16
Do coop 1354 Minn & St Lit. GS
Do old 4s reg. HI M K & T 43... 054
Do coup Ill Do 2ds / 78
-Do 5s reg 101*4 N Y Cent g 34s. »54
Do coup 103 |N J Cent g Ra. .128
Atch gen 4s WJ4 Nor pac 4s io?>
Do adjt 4s 87% D o 3s 71 4
Balto & O 4* ..100% Nor & West c 4s. 87
Do 34s ..72 Read Gen 4s ... 74 «J
Do Conv 4s ...ZOO St L & I M c 5s. 110
1 Later In the 'lay. when It was said no further !
I failure would be announced, the tone of the '
market became veiy strong and the early
lessee were wlrwd out, even in the '.v«ak stock;, \
whiie the ceneral levi of the market rote to
a substantial level over last night. The de
mand was csr^laUy conspicuous fcr New York
Central, St. Paul. Southern Pacific, Reading-,
I Illinois Central and stocks of a like substantial .
I grade. Some large orders were executed In 1
I a!I of these stocks and at other points through- !
nut the list, torn* prices ending tte <Jay from ;
I 1 to over S above Saturday's level for prom-.
i lncnt stock?, and at much wider advances for i
! the le&* active securities. Some of this buying !
| wag* to cover short contracts and & considerable 1
] portion of it was by professional operators for
I a turn In the market on the lone ride. But I
i th'-re wa* an Improved demand for Investment, •
j both In stocks and bonds, and Stock Exchange
commission houses showed an Increased con- i
' fi.l'iice In advising their customers to buy. ,
j Only a few of the Inactive stocks showed such I
. violent falls as have characterized the recent ]
j market, which pointed to a conclusion that i
i there wan lets pressure to close out unmarket- j
I able securities figuring as collateral In lots
j and Improvement In facilities for recurlnr ae- I
eommodatlon. The recent contraction of credit |
I in the stock market has been largely du<» to i
I distrust of such operations as those In which i
; the recently failed firm* have b-sen largely :
i engaged. Involving as' they did Inflation and j
j manipulation of the. values of securities. The ;
| letting out of this Inflation has really brought :
j a sense of relief from the oppression of artl
• final conditions henglns over the market and
sustained with difficulty. These held-over pro
jects wfr» quite apart from the earlier ones In
which the syndicates were successful in hold
ing up prices until their holdings wpre taken
off thtlr hands and which have left behind
them also their train of financial rlistress and
disappointments. But with the passlns of the
syndicates' interest in these and the abandon- '
' ment or the artificial support the stocks have ;
| been allowed to !>ink to the level natural to !
•(.the changes In their status. The recent fall- j
j ures represent the abandonment of efforts to j
sustain by main strength the prices ot securl- ]
tl»s. the market for which has passed and the <
| closing up of affairs which resulted In the ;
j cause of sensible relief In the market. The |
! marKH closed quiet and steady and only :
; ellgMly b»lowth» top level. .
The bond market continued rather Irregular. I
I Total sale*, car value. Vl.225.O00. !
United states bonils were unchanged on the •
las: call. ;
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. Ilic'i. Li». Clou*. I
; Atchtson ... 1S5.7OO O 5 «?'i U^,
' Atchlscn rfd 2.100 :h! 2>.4 M% i
: Bait & Ohio 17.800 M KI4 M>4 j
j Bait & Ohio pfd... 3,700 SHVi M M j
•Canadian Pacific... 13.000 \"Zi !*!*> 123%
• Central of N J 12.600 153% 1-Vi'i 15.)
i Chesap & Ohio 4.300 J2'« .U :;:->i
I Chi & Alton 2.SO0 22'» 20H IV 1 , |
i Chi & Alton pfd... 100 0« . Oi ...<$.*•
i Chi te a Western. BOO I5«4 I3«j- ,U"b
! Chi k « VT B pfd. 400 324- 31 'C4
)Chi & Northwestn. 1.WO-1G4 4 lit - lttl
Chi Term & Tran. 1.400 11 ' 0?; 11 !
; Chi Term &. T pfd. 1.000 20 18 SO
CCCiSl Louis.. 2.2i»0 72 7i-4 724 *
I Colo Southern ...." 1.500 14 11 4 l.T»4 .
j Colo South 1st pfd. 2,000 494 4S4 494 I
¦ Colo South 2d Did. ¦ £00 22 20' 4 21 4
i Del & Hudson 500 1 1644 1«2 l«Vs •
• Del Lack & West. SOU 242 254 2:59
: Denver 4. Rio G.. 700 234 il»i 234
i Denver & R G pfd. 1.000 784 7<>'» 79
i Erie C. 20.200 29»t, 27 > 4 S»M
Erie 1st pfd 8.«iO0 C7 T /» C; 67%
, Erie 2d pfd 2.S00 4**8 45 47 ;4
! Great Ncrthern pfd 170 :
Hockins Val 600 V-i 71 724
I Hocking Val pfd RJ
I Illinois Central ... 4,300 132>; 12>^ 131 '.j i
• Iowa Central t»00 18 1« 18
I Iowa Central pfd.. 1.7OO 34 \% 32 34
K <¦ Southern 200 204 -OiJ 204
K C Southern pfd. 500 37»; 37 37» 4
LouU & Nash 5.400 104> a 102 103»i
! Manhattan L 3.800 133 135 H 1324
Metropolitan St Ry 2.G0O 115?4 112 1164
Minn & S: Louis.. 700 Gtf 60 64
JuiKsourt Pacific ..20,100 08% Wi?s • 88>i
Mo Kan & Texas.. 500 204 13 20 ;
Mo. Kan & T pfd. 1.300 4W4 M 40 t
Nat It R of Mex IS
Nat R R cf M pM- 200 3S 374 38
N Y Central 17.900 120*i 118 120' J i
Norf & Western... 2,700 «S2 U04 61 'j
Norf & W afd 65
Ontario & West... 3,800 27T* 21% 22%
Pennsylvania ...... 46.600 123 120% 122%
Pitts C C & St L. 400 «•« GO 614
Reading 52.800 W 4*?i 49^
Reading 1st pfd... 500 81 8t» 81
Reading 2d pfd 6C0 «««i «0H CO I
Rock Island Co 17,300 2l»i 1M}4 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 1.700 63 C0?i Cl>i }
Ft Louis & S F-. 55 ;
Pt L & S F 1st pfd «5 I
tit L. & S K 2d pfJ l.:i00 49 47% 4S»4 j
St Louis 6 W 3W 13\ HH H i
St Loul« S W pfd. 4.200 31 1TJ4 SOV-i
St Paul 34,200 142Vi 13»% f41*i
Ft Paul pfd 100 1704 1704 170
Biuthtm Pacific .. 36.000 43*» 404 «<.;
Southern Ry 15.100 21»« 2w 21
Southern Rypfd... 7(!0 85 *:i\ S5
Texas & Patiftc... 3.000 264 24«i 2."»-« 4
Tol St L & Wett.. 100 18 IS 1%» 4
Tol St L & W pfd. 20l> 27 l'U4 26 \
fnion Pacific 29.000 75;4 72»* 75»4
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.20O S5^« M S4U
Wabash 1.800. 224 »• 21 «, |
Wafjarh pfd 4,»O<» 374 '& 1 .* 37
W & Lake Erie... 3U0 14% 14 14'i I
Wlsco-.eln Central.. 200 17 i«' I7<j j
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1.900 37 4 35-^ 374
Express Companies — '
Adams 221
American I0O l*<0 ISO 178
t.'nltfd States 1.200 l»3% »S?i »«
Wells-Fargo 1SS
Mlactllanecus —
Amalgam Copper.. 34.fiOO 40% 37 U 40^
Amtr Car & Found 2.500 33 30 32% j
Amtr Car & F j.fd. 200 82*4 S2% 8-1 I
Amer Linseed Oil.. 2.<XV> 74 6^ \ 74
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 100 2« 28 2<i' /t
Aiiut Locomotive.. l.OTiO 18'i 18 18
Amer Loco pfd... 500 S3U 81 4 Kl
Amer 8melt & Ref. 6.200 41 vi 384 41
Amer S & Ref pfd. WO 1)1 »04 UO*j
Amer Sugar Ref... 4.000 1154 113 US
Anaconda MlnjCo.. 700 75 74 724
Brooklyn Rap Tran 1.000 434 **4 44
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.100 4:*. 40 \:\
Colum & H<xk Coal 400 15 I3«4 13%
ConsolioateU GiiS... l.P/W 1S5 1814 JMU
General Electric... 1.100 1C0T4 15.1 158
Intemitlonal Paper 2.S00 11 4 10 104
Inttrn'.l Paper pfd. 1.100 03 CO 1 ,; €1
International Pump n7
lnterntl Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit... fifX> SOVi . 35^ 38
National Lead . 1.700 14V4 13% 13
North American... 3.WX) 74 70 734
Pacific Mall l.COO 204 IS 204
People's Gas 4.800 »4>i 924 'J%'
Pressed Steel Car.. 2.f»00 44 . 40 ' t:iK
Prfsned S Car pfd. 500 81 4 804 81
Pullmtin Palace Car ICO 201 201 201
Republic Steel 1,100 II \ 104 ]|U
Republic Steel pfd. 1.700 <«"> «4 <a*.
Rubber Goods 7,900 14 12U nil
Ru».b«:r Good* pfd.. 1.300 68 63t! m '
Ttnn <\>al & Iron.. 2,600 40 Sfl 3a
V S Leather 5.S00 74 «% 711
I' g leather pfd... 1.C0O RO?, 774 79
IT S Rubber 2.400 10 7 »t;
U S Rubber p.'d... 4.000 394 3O',i .18
IT S St«cl ...22.000 24 22^4 23%
U 3 Steel pfd 20.800 71 ¥ t «Z>4 71 C
Western Union 600 S3!i g24 S3
NEW YORK. July 27.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, July 25. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 13.PoO.000 - 117.000
Corn 7..11 1 ,0UO_- 308,000
Oau 5,22f>,000 738.000
Rye ,631.000 20,000
Barley 305.C0O 45,00)
Visible Grain Supply.
Kern Oil S 00 323
, Lion Oil 05 M
Monte Crlsto Oil 03 1 00
Monarch OtI . 53 04
Oil City Petroleum 2.M 30
Peerless Oil ...ltd*) ....
• Reed Crude OH 39 41
San Joaquln Oil 5 TU ....
Sterling Oil 3 00 ....
Thirty-Three Oil 9 CO
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 50
Union Oil WOO
United Petroleum US 00
Weat Shore Oil 3 23
Miscellaneous — -
Abby Land and Imp ? .... 123
Alamcda Sugar .... 29 PO
American Biscuit S3 00 100 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
I'al Central Gas and Electric .... ....
Cal Cottcn Mills 80 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder '. .. ....
Cal Shioplng Co- 25 00 30 CO
Cal Tltte Ins and Trust 13O 0O 1»(> CO
Central Bank of Oakland t>0 •»> 6; 00
Chutes Company ..... 950
City and County Bank ....
'"ypress l.awn Imp Co 6 l^'-i ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Su^ar Plantation -....
Gas Consumers' Assn .... 225O
Honolulu Sugar 10 CO
London and b F Bank «Ltd>. .... ....
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern Cal Power .»;„ , 0 75
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 000
Orpheum Company- 15 CO
Pacific States Tel A Tel 122 50
Paraf fine Paint 3300 ....
.Postal Device & Imp ....
San Francisco Dry<iock 47 00 ....
fisiinfllto Land A Ferry 1« Co ....
t-' perry Flour Company ' ... . ....
Standard Electric 19 00
Trucked Electric 13 25 ltf t>0
Union Susar 22 5" ....
United Gas A Electric 31 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
SALES.
Mornin; Session.
Board—
200 Home Qll 3 00
OOo Independence Oil 17
2 Haniord Oil 122 0>>
2 Hanford Oil ..". 12a 00
1 Hanford Oil 12« CO
Afternoon Session.
- i> _ j - ¦ ....
Krarc —
500 Independence Oil 17
100 Monarch Oil 54
1 Hanford Oil 121 <*»
S Hanfortl Oil 123 00
200 Home Oil 2 03
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 140 to 2O lbs. aY t &6V,c
under 140 lbs. 6 l 4@flc; Sows. 20 per cent off*
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lees 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle.
CATTLE— Steers. Stjr8c; Cows and Heifers.
76fc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — IffSVic per lb (gross weight). '
SHEEP— TV'ethere, 4c; Ewes, 3V,f}Z%c per lb
(gross weight). .... - /
LAMBS— Spring. $2 7,"'S$3 per head
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small. 9®9He per lb.
MUTTON-»Wethers. S@Oc; Ewes. 8S8%c per
LAMB— Spring. 10@10tfc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hocr. 8^a»Uc p«r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a* follows:
BEEF — 6£7c for Steers and 5QCc per lb for
Cows. ...--.- . .
DRESSED. MEATS.
Local parkers -now report a positive weak
feeling in Hogs,- with H'<;c as a full flsrure for
choice stock,- and predict a decline In the near
future, rs. .receipt* are steadily increasing,
and trie- course of the Provision market la
steadily downward.-
Meat Market.
New Potatoes continued active under a
steady Inquiry both for local and shipping
account, and the light receipts cleaned up
quickly at steady prices. Some lots of"trict
ly fancy stock commanded a premium over the/
quotations, but the general run of offerings
sold within the quoted range. Onions were in
ample supply and easy at unchanged prices.
There were liberal receipts of vegetables and
good stock moved off well at steady rates.
Cholct: Green Corn was In limited supply and
firnu r. _ but poor end, wormy stock was offer
ing freely and dragged. Tomatoes in large
boxes from the river were In heavy receipt
andfanly fine ripe stock commanded the top
price, *1 per box being the top for the gen
eral run. Cucumbers. Summer' Squash anil
Chile Peppers were in excessive supply and
easy. Beans were, a little firmer. The other
vegetable!! stood as prviously quoted.
POTATOES— New White, 85cfr$l 35 per ctl
in sacks and $1 10"gl 50 in boxes; Early Rose,
i..t«4>l; tiarr.et Chues, $1><J1 15; olu Uurbauxa
from Orcson. nominal.
ONIONS— S3««5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25-32 per
rack: crates from AlanWa. $1 ,M5(52 25: from
Dprkoley, $1 25^1 50; Asparagus. $1 23^2 i.O
per box; Green Peas. 3$Mc ppr lb; String
Beans. 2@.'fc per lb; Wax. :!<ffJc; Lima Beane,
7CiSc per lb; Tomatoes. 30<f£-10c for small boxes
and 75c@$l 25 for large boxe3 from the river;
Summer Squash, 3ftji'50c per box; Cabbage,
".;>ci7>l per ell: ?Carrots, "5e!j$l per sack; cu
cumbers, SO^iOc per box; Garlic, 2Vi©3c per
lb: Dried Peppers, 5c per.lb: Green Peppers.
40®75c per box for Chile and $K91 25 for Bell;
Green Okra. <Sl*{j75c per box; Egg Plant, fl©
1 25 per box. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Iron closed at f>2s 3d in Glassow and at
4fis 9d In MIddlesboro. Locally tlie market
was quiet. No. 1 foundry (northern!, 518 25$
18 75; No. 2 do. 517 50(^18: No. I foundry
southern and do soft, $17 SOglS.
Spelter was also unchanged In both mar
kets at #5 M'i locally and £20 '.'s til in Lon
don. ' ' '
NEW YORK, July* 27. —Tin was weaker in
London to-day, spot there decllnlns £1 15s to
£124 10s and futures £t 10s to £121. Locally
tin was about steady at |27 50®28.
Copper was Irregular abroad, t*e London
spot quotations advancing 5s to £.16 15s, while
futures were 6s lower at £Si lit. Locally
copper was lower, with lake. and electrolytic
quoted at ?13 and casting at $12 7.".
Lead was unchanged at £11 8s 3d In Lon
don and locally at ?4 3064 50.
Nezu York Metal Market.
Arrival of S1.5co.ooo in sovereigns from Australia.
'I'sH-strcct stocks several points higher.
Local stocks end bonds continue inactive.
Fractional fluctuations in Silver and Exchange.
ll'hcat and Barlcv higher and firm.
Corn very scarce. Oats firm, with light offerings.
Hay i;t Heavier receipt but steady. Feedstuff s unchanged
Xothiug "nezi* in Beans and Seeds.
Butter Jozi'cr and quiet. Cheese dull and Eggs steady.
Provisions continue zveak and dragging in all positions. '
Calcutta Jute and Bag markets reported excited.
Hogs continue to iccakcn under increasing receipts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultrx end Game nominal. f
Fresh Fruits in liberal supply and quiet.
CHICAGO, July 27. — Notwithstanding several
setbacks occasioned by rcellzlng, the wheat
market ruled decidedly ttrong throughout the
day and trading was on a large scale. Open
ing prices were higher under the Influence of
strong cables and small world" t> shipments,
with September up %©Vjc to •j'SfTic at 77V4C
to 77%c. With continued discouraging thresh
ing returns, outside markets showing good
gains. tlr> market here quickly responded to the
bullish news. On the advance local bulls took
advantage to secure profits, which resulted in
slight declines at various stages of the session,
but the market always rallied on increasing
buying. On one of th» slumps Septembar sold
off to 77 1 <4©77%<\ but late in the day had
risen again to 7Si;c. and the close was at
78V<(C, a gain of 161 **c. Clearances of wheat
and flour were equal to 125,800 bushels.
Trading in corn opened with a rush and
commission houses were literally swamped
with buying orders from the outside, which
resulted 4n a wide change In prices, September
telling between 52 Ue and £2%o. After still
further advances the market again reacted on
general profit-taking. Unfavorable crop ad
vices continued to come In. and, although trad-
Ing was not an active as early In the day, the
market recovered its early strength. Septem
ber closed %c up at 52& ( 652%c.
Oats were flrm. although the July options
suffered a setback of 2V*c on free offerings by
ear.h houses. There was a good demand for
the deferred futures. September cloeed H@Vic
higher at 33%<?34c.
Provisions were weak, with further unload
ing of ribs by a prominent packer. The close
was at about the bottom, with September pork
30c lower at $13 50; September lard was lower
at $7 75 and ribs off 25c at $7 70.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
APRICOTS— Show little change, being steady
at from fe to 8-7ic for choice and 10@l2^c for
fancy.
PEACHES — Attract a moderate demand and
rule generally steady at 7@74c~for choice and
10igi2Hc for fancy.
NEW YORK. July 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.KO barrels; exports. 11.675 barrels; market
quitt. but held higher.
WHEAT— Kecelpts. 1S&225 bushels; export*.
es.lfO bushels, irpot. flrm; No. 2 red, £2%c
elevator and J'-T^c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern I>ulmh. M" t c t. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard
Manitoba 04S,c f. o. b. nfloat. It was a bull
flay In tvneaU an active trad? and higher prices
based upon adverse thr»Fh!n* returns, but act
ive covering and urenKth in corn, with the
clc*e lc net advance. May. 83*it?S»>ac, closed
S4'jc: July rf'iesJHC clcsei H.'$Hc; Septem
ber, S^ijM^ 15-16c. closed 82Hc; December,
82 9-ltWTS.'t^jiC, closed S3c.
WOOL— Firm."
COFFEE — Quiet for «p.">t. The market for
coffee futures closp'l steady, net unchanged to
5 point* lower. Sales were 40.750 bage, in
rluding August. 3. •;frfr3.«5o; September, 3.75c;
October. 8.80c; November, 3.90e; December,
4.1504.20c; January, 4.30c; March, 4.40c; May.
4.50c.
MOLASSES— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw, *t<»ady: refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market la
quiet, hut prices are steadily held. Common
ar« luoted at 4$?r»c; prime. 5s»®(5c; choice, 0£>
6'ic: fancy, 6 : H&7^c. • •
PRUNES — Si>ot prune* remain about steady,
with a fair Jobbing demand reported and some
Inquiry for export account. Quotations range
from 3c to 7c for all rUes.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Adams Con/ «t8 Little Chief 06
Alice ..-...'. iro Ontario . .-. .-.-. 0 t-0
Breece 15 Ophlr 1 T.O
Brunswick Cum ot Phuenix "S
Conihtock Tu 11 OS Potofii ¦.".....'. 20
C C fc Vi 1*5 SavaRe ...'........' .IB
Hor,n Silver 1 «M>! Sierra Nevada .... 54
Iron Bilver 1 fCJsmall Hopes 20
LeadvlUe Con .... nSrStaniinl 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — j ' (Westn^hse Com... S5 "
»*all loans 3(5r»| Mlnln- —
•Time louns Sij/6' Adventure 5 l «
Bonds — Allouex 4%
Atchleon 4* 97<i Amalgamated 40*g
Railroads— Calumet & Htc..42.">
Atchifon 04 ~i I Copper Range 41%
Atchison pfd ,ss^[Dom Coal v»0
Boston & Albany.245 j Franklin 7',i
Boston & Maine.. 170 iFle Hoyale 0
Boston Elevated.. lii<i Mohawk 3-^4
N Y,N H & H....10^ Old Dominion U$4
Kitchburg j)fd ..1H Osceola 31
t'r.lon Pacific 70% Parrot ...: 17^i
Mexican Central.. 13' 3 Qulncy W
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Cop ... 1
Amer Sugar .. .1!5 I Tamarack N.*i '
Amcr fcupar rfd. . IH Trimour.taln .... 82
Am Te! & Te 1 ...WO "Trinity 5
Pom Iron & S 12 Kiu'ed State* ... 10%
General K!ec Hi IH-ih -'.<.j
Mans. Electric 20 Vi.:l«rla S'i
i:nited Krult ...1<)O Wlnona 7
U S Steel 23>i Wolverine 5*
U S Steel pfd 71 S
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols monej-.ftl 1-ld N Y Central 121 l i
Do account ..'.'1 l-l<* Nor & West ... 12%
Anaconda 3*s ! Do prefd \ «>
Atchison «4", Ontario & Went.. 22%
Do prefd . . 91 Pennsylvania 62H
Balto & Ohio .. MV* Rand Mines «"»
Canadian Pac ...124'i Reading 2*^
Ches & Ohio ... :K$*t Do 1st pfd .. 41 «i
Chicago G W 16 ! Do 2d pfd 34
Cht M & St P...143 (Southern, Ry ... 21
DeBeers 19%' Do prefd 87
Denver & RiO.. 2:» Southern Pacific.. 41"i
Do prefd .. SO Union Pacific ... 75*i
Erie 2S*4 i Do prefd SS
I>o 1st pfd ... US |U S Steel 2.1
Do 2d rfd 4« 1 Do prefd 7.1 1;
Illinois Central. ..132Vi ! Wabash 204
Ijoule & Nash ..10s ! Do prefd 37
Mo K & Tex .. 19% I
Bar silver, steady. 25 5-16d per ounce.
Money I>*ti2 r«r cent. The rate of discount
in the' open market for short bills is 2*i psr
cent and for three; months' blll6 21i per cent.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Canada So 2ds...lO6 iSt I.. A S F 4s.. 96^
Cent of Ga 5s. ..li«u 1st 1/ S W lsts... 01 •»
Do 1st Iric ... 70 Do 2da 75
Ches & O 4Vjs...lO0H S A & A P 4s... 77
Cbi & Alton ;5V$s. 74 Southern Pac 4s. 85
C B A Q new 4s. ZH% fcouthern Ry 5* ..112»4
CM A 8 P g 4s.lC8 - Tex 4 Pac Ists. .113^4
C-&. N \V c 78..13PH Tol St Xj & W 4s. 74
C H I & p 4s.. .100 Union Pacific 4s. Wt,
C C C & S L g 4s 05 Do conv 4s ... &l*i
Chi Term 4s ... 7» lWaba*h lets 114
rolo- & SO 4» .... 87 I r>o 2d3".-:..\ .. .106
n &. n G 4s ... M ! Do Deb B 59',4
Erie prior lien 4a. 9CTJ West Shore -Ib ..107
Da gen 4s S2 Wheel & L E 4s. 88
Ft W A D C 1 at*. H4 WIs Cent 4s ... 87
Hocking Val 4Hs.lOt Colo Fuel & I.. SI
Pennsylvania .... $15 Con Tobacco .... 51 J4
Rock Island 75 HI
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
This market- continues quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. *3 60®3 7u; Pea. $3 Hit
3 60; Butters. $3 25; small White. $3 15<&3 30;
large White. $2 90@$3 15; Pink. $2 9O©3;
Red. $2 eoi@3; Lima, $3 45®3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, $2 5C®3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25@1 35.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 0002; Canary, 5 Vic
for Eattern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. l*i@2%c;
Timothy. G<g6%c: Hemp. S\i@Z¥,c per lb; Mil
let. 3©3Hc: Broom Corn Seed. $18020 per ton.
DRl^D PEAS— Green. $2®2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
OlIDES AND SKIXS— Culls and brands eell
about me under quotation*. Heavy aalted
Steers. 10%c: medium. »He; light. S«c: Cow
Hides. $u,c for heavy and 8Ue for light: Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. lOV^c: dry Hides, lGHc: dry Kip. 14c;
dry Calf. 19c : Sheepskins, shearlings. 25g.!0c
each: short wool, 4U<at;."e each: medium. 709
00c; Ions wcol. $1@1 SO each: Horse Hides.
salt, $2 75 for large and S2 50 for medium. $-
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
51 75 for larre and $1 60 for medium. $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck skins — Dry
Mexican, 32 Vic; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and tmocth, 30c; medium.. 35c;
tmall. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3S5Uc per lb:
No. 2. 4@4>4e: grease. 2^©3V4e.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. £>¦$
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:'
Humfcoldt and Menciocino. 18620c; Foothill.
defective. ll$13c: Nevada. 12©15c; San Joa
quin. defective. SQllc per lb: Southern. 00
lie: Valley Oregon, fine. lS©19c; do, medium.
16@17c; do. coarse. 15016c; (Lambs'. 15c pen
pound.
HOPS-^17^4C2Oc to growers and 21©22e from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903, 16&c bid for
the best.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
STRAW— 35$eOc per bale
Jobbing. $27027 CO; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21:
Corn Meal, j«2 50@33: Cracked Corn. $33®
S:5O; Mixtd Feed, f23#24; Horse Beans. $30
per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $12@14; Wheat _and
Oat, $11613; Oat. $10@12 50; Barley, *S SOfcli;
Clover. $8©10; Stock. $S@9; Alfalfa. $>310 per
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July 27.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2250; 10@15c lower." Natives, $4®5 15;
cows and heifers. $2*34 85; stockers and feed
ers. $2 75©4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 3300; 10g lower. Medium
heifers, f 4 RNjfS 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 400; 10c lower.
«2 75: bull*. $2MW20; calves, $3@6 uU;
Texas fed s teers. $.» 50#4 D.V
HOGS — KeceipU to-day. 4T..00O; 'to-morrow,
20,000; Jfft over, 2500; l«@15c lower. /Mixed
and butcliers. $5 oO@3 00; good to ' choice
heavy, $5 40^5 55; rough heavy. *5 15©5 40;
light. $5 30&5 70; bulk of sales,' $5 l&go 55.
SHEEP- Receipts. 2S.C0O. ' Sheep, steady;
Units, steady. Cood to choice wethers, $3 tHJ
@3 'M: fair to choice mixed, $.{g-:i BO; Western
sheep. $3 2<"<&'4 00; native lambs, $3 25QC 25;
Western Iamb5. ?5 40@0.
ST. JQSEPH.
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 8Xc; two tierces,
OUc; five tierces, 9Hc per ib.
¦ T
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -TUESDAY, JULY 28,
LOCAL MARKETS.
There in no further change In anything. Re
ceipts of Hay were large again yesterday, but
the market stood up all right. Keedstuffs con
tinued firm.
BRAN — *24 50&25 per ton.
•MIDDLINGS — «27@30 ner ton.
.SHORTS— $24$25 per ton. r .
. TEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22«23 ." per
ton:. Oilcake Meal at the mill. , $26gS8 09*
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bootblack Enters Protest.
Tony Sabatino, a bootblack with a
stand at the corner of Fifth and Howard
streets, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for an injunction restraining
the Board of Public Works from remov
ing his stand. Judge Murasky Issued the
Injunction and directed the board to ap
pear before him July. 29 and show cause
why the injunction should not be made
permanent.
. - ¦ r
Suicide Through Despondency.
George Rlley, a marine engineer, 60
years of. age, committed suicide yesterday
morning in his room at 223 East street by
swallowing carbolic acid. He had threat
ened to kill himself because at despond-sa
«v tirouebt on by old age and poverty.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£& AUCTION SALE
. OF FINE
ROAD, DRAFT, SADDLE HORSES
AND SHETLAND PONIES,
Including sons and daughtera of Eros (2:29).
Advertiser (2:15V«). Richards Elector. Fin*
Draft and Business Horses and thoroughly
trained Saddle Horses and I'nnles. Sale takes
place THURSDAY. July 20. 1903. commenclcs;
at 1 o'clock p. .m.
occn>:irr?AL horse exchange,
216 THIRD ST.
Catalogues issued at once.
WM. G. LAYXG. Livestock Auctioneer.
£* fc* £a
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE of Horses. W»-
gnrs. Harne». WediiescUy. July 73. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
4V^_
SPECIAL. SALE TUESDAY. July 23. 11 a.
I m.. at 1140 Folsora st.. of 4 hcrs«s and camp
wagon. 2 express horses and waxon and also 30 ail
purposed horses and a lot of damag«t buggies.
surreys and wagons from Studebaker's lire.THE SAN rBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUL.Y 28, JW3,
12
EXCHAJfGE.
A GASOLINE 4 horsepower automobile for ex-
change for city or country property; will as.
suite a mortgage or pay a cash difference:
automobile guaranteed in flrst-oinss condi-
tion.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold ; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATE3
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Poat.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: it will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
Bt.. on the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C st.. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 0 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
A NICE 7-room flat;' new, tinted, sunny; reas-
onable. 447 Broderlck st., bet. Hayc3, Fell.
A SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 384 Fell St.. near Octavia.
CASTRO. 132A. near Fifteenth— Six beautiful
rooms and bath; sun in every room; $23.
HARRISON, 921. near Fifth— Sunny flat. 5
rooms; newly papered; rent $1S.
$32 50— CIS* HAIGHT St.; sunny 7 rooms, bath
and yard.
MODERN 7 rooms; bath; basement; garden;
1858 Ellis; rent^$32 50. Inquire 445 Waller.
TWO new modern upper flats. 6 rooms each;
sun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 rooms: sunny,
modern and up to date; marine view.
TO let — Flat of 4 room?; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st. '
TO let— Flat of C rooms and bath. 452 Tehama
street. .
$11 — COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavl* sts.
GREENWICH, 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view: $25; open.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
CAPP, 614 — 5-room sunny flat; furnished com-
plete; . piano, gas and coal range; call bet.
10 and 5. . . .
FLATS FOR S A LE — FURNISHED.
SNAP; S new elegant bedroom ?•^tx; owner
going away; flat for rent. Box 4!)34. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
\. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents, rcjialrs, packs furniture, carpet*
WA^ED-^E^MALE^^^
WANTED— 2 German cooks, no wash, $30-$33;
2 Institution cooks, $40; cook, small restau-
rant. $9 week; 2 second girls for young la-
dles' school, $22; cook and second girl, same
house, $30-$2.V, laundress, boys' school, $25;
laundress. *.JO; 2 chambermaids and laun-
dresses, $25; housework, 2 family, Menlo
Park, $.',0; Ross Valley, $35; 2 chambermaids,
country hotel, $2o-$2."5; cook, 10 men, $40;
, French governess, $23; German governess,
$?5, see lady offlce I o'clock; 5 nurse girls,
$15, $20. $1*5; dishwasher, institution. $23;
German and French nurses, $25 and $30;
cleaning woman, $20; 2 waitresses, $8 week;
4 hotel waitresses. .$l'0-$25; 4 chambermaids,
wait one meal, $20; 0 second girls, *20-$25:
second girl, Alameda, $23, see lady office, 2 1
o'clock, and other good wages, best of places, '
both city and country. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. j
MAN and wife as cook and helper, small coun-
try hotel $U0; see boss offlce 10 o'clock to-
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A LAUNDRESS, Institution, $30; cook. Instltu-
tion, $35: second girl, $23; waitress, $25; dish- i
washer, $0 a week; cook, $35 ; woman with a
child, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — YOUNG lady living with parents as sales-
lady In candy store; no experience necessary;
$7 week while learning; chance for advance-
ment MRS. M. E. DAY. 351 O'Farrell st.
HAIRDREKS1NLJ. manicuring, massage, hair !
work; remc-val of buperflucus hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week: school day :
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared. !
A — Ladles, learn all • branches halrdresslng
tra3e; manicuring, massage, etc.. 1230 Mar-
ket si., cor. Jones, room 94; positions s«-
cured at highest wages: day & eve. class ;call
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; two
in family: wages $20. Call at 36 McAllister
St.. bet. 11 r.nd 4.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; good
home; wages $12 to S15. Call after 9 a. m.,
1718 Turk ct.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and dresses. C5C Mission St.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladTes' underwear. 636
• Mission st.. third floor.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy, sm O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
GIRL for ceneral housework: some washing;
must be a Catholic. Box- 4931, Call offlce.
SHOE fitter, experienced in outside beading
& vamping. Nolan Shoe Factory," 541 Market.
WANTED — Experienced girls for wrapping
desk. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market st.
GOOD millinery makers wanted. 24 Kearny
street.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED*-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
YOUNG lady typesetter on weekly; state wages
and experience. Box 4201. Call offlce.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress. 7 Tay-
lor st.; $8. 'a week;. one day off.
EXPERIENCED waitress; $8 per. week; half-
day Sunday. 2585 Market st., near Sixteenth.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478. Parrott building.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment, highest wages. CODE-PORT-
TVOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
A TAILORESS wanted on coats. V 824 Folsom
St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman; cooking
and housework; $7 per week. 1071 Market Bt.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
I Chutes 6 p. m. . Wednesday: salary no object.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very" profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.; 122 Battery St., ' San ¦ Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks- and suits at
KRAGEN, BAMBERGER CO.'S. 4U3 Mission.
¦slon st. 1:. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
WANTED — Young girl to assist' with general
housework; wages $12 to $15. 7 Central ave.
, Call between 11 and 2.
GIRLS for factory work; permanent positions;
good wages;- no experience necessary: paid
while learning. Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
A 36 SIZE model wanted at KRAGEN. liAM-
" BERUER CO., 403 Mission it.
EDUCATION AL — Continued.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar,-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening .sessions.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 30 Geary st..
rcom 43: ladies' and gentlemen's private In-
struction; reception daily; phone Black 374$.
HEALD'S School of Mine? & Electricity.24 Post
st. S F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil., elec. tnln., mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. ;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
'¦ et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
j Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
; 16 paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
! EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
' G~EORGE~AOKlT421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
i A — ORPHEL'M Employment Offlce — Japanese,
I Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; p.U kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
A GERMAN nurseglrl wishes situation; refer-
ence*. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
POSITION as . housekeeper by elderly woman;
neat, economical cook; used to children; cap-
able the entire work of small family; wages,
$10 to $12. Box 4262. Call offlce. .
DRESSMAKER, also pul^maker, good cutter
and fitter, only first-class work, desires en-
gagement In private families by the day.
MISS BARSS, 1024 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wants position to wait upon lady;
good sewer; understands hairdressing; will-
Ing to do light second work; cify or country.
Box 4937. Call Offlce.
! WANTED — Situation by mlddie-a^ed lady as
' seamstress find upstairs work cr taking care
of elderly lady; references. lJox *03, Call
offlce, Oakland.
A YOUNG woman (German) wants work by
the day: washing or cleaning. Address M.
! W.. 147 South Park.
, TRAINED nurse would take care of sick per-
son; out of city preferred. Call or address
i NURSE. 623 O'Farrell st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation; not
afraid of work; a good cook. 143 Third St.,
! room 12.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position house-
work and cooking. 1407 Scott st.
RESPECTABLE Swiss girl, good sewer, wishes
a situation for uustalrs work In American
family; wages not under $20; good references.
Call at :«»25 Seventeenth st., near Market.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do general
housework. 322 Fremont st.
A YOUNG lady with 3 years' practical experi-
ence In topographical and railroad draught-
Ing desires position with draughting offlce in
! city: Al references. Box 4231. Call.
! SWEDISH girl (17) wishes to do light house-
i work and plain cooking In city; wages $20.
i MISS A. B.. Redwood City. /
I YOUNG lady would like position as working
housekeeper or care of 2 or 3 children. 12-J
Harriet st.
A COMPETENT woman would like 3 or 4
half-days housework of any kind a week. Box
4232, Call.
TRAINED nuire wishes hourly engagements:
can give baths, rubbings or any care the sick
may require. Phone Scott 3151.
WANT ads and bubscrlpt'.ons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
I EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
A — BUTLER with first-class references wants
a place by the 1st of August. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 41*5 Sutter St.. near Powell.
DISTINGUISHED gentleman with high refer-
ences and long years of experience In Central
American republics and Mexico, well con-
nected with government business and private
circles, epeaklng several languages, desires to
go back as manager or representative for
large concern. Box 49."8. .Call offlce.
YOUNG German, speaks English, understands,
little French and Canton Chinese, who has
been for th» last 5 years In China In an Im-
porting and exporting business, wants a po-
sition In an offlce or store or general cleri-
cal work. Box 493ft. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener to take charge of bljf
place, either private or commercial; good
reference. Address A. W., box 4227, Call.
WORK wanted by a man that understands the
cleaning of empty flats and putting them In
renting order; good references. Address O.
K.. box 42{i0. Call offlce. -
BOOKKEEPER on a ranch; well-educated
young man who has previously been em-
ployed In above capacity seeks similar posi-
tion; highly recommended by last employer;
is a stenographer and typist; abstainer; bonds
if required. Box 424C, Call offlce.
GOOD shoemaker dcelres situation. B STONE,
213 Minna tit.
MAN and wife wUh positions on ranch; man
gcod teamster and handy man; wife good
cook and housekeeper. Box 4930, Call office.
MAN -with many years' experience In charge of
power and lighting plants will take a sim-
ilar position; is a graduate mechanical en-
gineer, with ample proof of skill, ability
and character to satisfy the most, exacting.
Address Chief Electrician and Engineer, box
801. Call offlce. Oakland. , '
A YOUNG man with extended practical expe-
rience in mining work and civil engineering
desires a position as field engineer with some
mining, exploration or railroad company,
either in United States or Mexico; speaks
Spanish fluently; best of references. Address
box 4237, Call offlce.
A POSITION as cashier or assistant treasurer
in first-class hotel, or wholesale or large
retail dry-goods company, or large lumber
company. Box #222, Call Offlce.
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience, day work preferred. Address box
¦ 43. Petaluma. Cal. -
POSITION as cutter and fitter on ladles', tai-
loring; from the East; best of references.
Address box 4927, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS framer desires employment" In
good -quartz mine as • timberman. Address
J .C. box 4235. Call. .. . - . ¦ .
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants schoolboy's po-
sition. Address 023- Sacramento St. -
JAPANESE couple want places; man Is cook;
wife waiter at table. 832 :Clay st., rear,
Oakland. /
JAPANESE wants housework > between 4 and
8 p. m. FRANK. 2007 Hyde.st.
JAPANESE cook' wants place; do' kitchen'
work. 832 Clay St.. rear. Oakland.
HELP WASTED — MALE C<m«
MURRAY & READY,
624 and 636 Clay st. ,„,_
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. PHONE MAIN 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE IC\'OW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men AVork. 00,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE .TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. . Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Willits. Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH,
INCLUDING OGDEN, UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
mi";, corner and bench hands, muckers.
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE, FREE FARri. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU7 ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
C34-63U Clay St.
WHAT IS IT? N "
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 ITALIANS. FREE FARE.
155 GREEKS, FREE FAR*..
155 AUSTRIAN'S, FREE FARE.
Board yourselves. Managers at our offlce.
See them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD. SILVER.
COPPER. COAL ETC.
1.S6 miners, single and double hand, machine
men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnacemen, etc.
$&0.-$S5. $73 and found.
3SP laborers (no experience required), $50
and $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5. Many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
156 drillers, hammersmen. laborers. $90, $75
and $60
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine no experience wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables. 12 men, $60 to $75.
For farms. 125 men. $30. $35. $40 found.
For erchnrd3, 250 men $25. $30 found.
For dairies, t'5 men $30 $35. $40 found.
For chores, 30 men and boys. $30. $25. $20,
$15 and found
For hay harvest. 63 men. $1 50, $2. $2 50
day and found
36 FRUIT PICKERS. $28 AND FOUND
LOOK.
.".0 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
653 laborers, country, $2. $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches dairies
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40 $50, $60. $70 $S0
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 63 1-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELp! '
<* blacksmiths. $3.
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands. $3 CO.
9 carpenters. $3 to $4.
Carriage makers. $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders. $3 50; Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETcT" "'
57 cooks, all over California $90. $80, $75.
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons harvest outfits etc
18 waiters. $3.">. $40. $30 and found
36 pr.t and dish washers, $35 $30. $20 and
found.
IS bell and elevator boys porters bed-
makers. f45 to $15 and found.
Crisp maker, $10; porter city store $40.
Second cook. mine. $40; also waiter' $30 fd.
Steward. $50 found.
21 laundrymen. all classes $18 week up
6 bakers and helpers, $35. $40, $60 and found
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay >t.
155 COAL MINERS. OREGON— Free fare
1 155 COAL MINERS, OREGON — Going free.
FREE FARE. 55 MEN, WILLITS, UKIAH.
TO-DAY.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE~
FREE FARE. 660 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS
Santa Barbara Dlst. Santa Cruz Dlst.
San Luis Oblspo Dlst. Santa Clara Dlst.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dlst. Paso Robles Dlst.
Salinas Dlsf. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Los Angeles Dist. Fresno Dlst.
ttuinda Dist. Cordelia Dist.
Madison Dlst. Farmlngton Dlst.
Also Hundreds of Different Places on Their
Divisions on Every Train.
NORTH, EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Gay st.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY. $2 50. ""
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc., $60 WAGES
SANTA BARBARA— FREE FARE.
25 laborers, MANUFACTURING PLANT-
IT'S GOOD. $45 and found.
To-night To Arizona. FEE $1. To-night
SANTA FE. $1 FEE. SANTA FE.
12 spikers, $2 25, i) hours' work; 12 track-
men. $2 25.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WHERE ARE THEY? '
<S0 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
Located in 4 States
Managers Here. 2 Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
905 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
ISO experienced mill yard men. $40 to $130 fd.
383 woodsmen, $40 to $130 and found.
Millwrights and stickermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths and wood turners.
Barkers and car loaders.
Tree fellers, Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolboer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers and engineers. Saw fliers.
Pondmen. band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders. !
Shingle packers, also Janitors. Chute builders.
$40. $30, $60. ?70, $S0, $90, $100 to $150
month and found.
38<» woodchoopers, ttemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
Big L MURRAY & READY.
Trusts. 634 and 636 Clay st.
"~ SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE. TELEGRAPH.
Cook, sawmill, south, few men, $40 and fd.
Section boss, lumber company, north, $45 fd.
4 cold miners, boss at our offlce, $S2 50 fd.
Woodworker, Fresno County, $3 30 day.
Chef cook, mine, $70; vegetableman, mine,
$30.
3 lumber pliers, $50 and found; exceptional
good mill.
:t laborers, gold mine, boss her». ?60.
Machinist, lumber company, fare 82 00, $90.
Blacksmith, shop, special good job, fare $1,
$75 and found.
Choreman, ranch, fare $1 50, $60 and found.
lt> boys and younc men about stores, etc.,
$40 and $20 a month.
Picture framer: solderer, $2 75 day: 9 butch-
ers, slaughter-house men, $30 to $00 found.
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK.
12 laborers, board yourselves, $2 50 day
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
2 roustabouts, 50c fare, for dredger, $30 fd.
Furnace men for mine, also foreman, $45 fd.
Cook, also waiter, 14 people, free fare, sur-
veying outfit. $C!5 and found.
Second cook, mining town, boss here, $10 wk.
Shingle sawyer, upright machines, lumber
company. $55 and found.
Painter. Institution, near city. $40 found.
Steward, mine hotel, north,. $50 and found.
8 laborers, free fare, across the bay, $60.
12 lumier pilers, north. $2 TJS day.
3 eastern farm hands, steady job, fare $1, $30
and found.
FARE 80c— BOSS HERE. - . '
Head and second tree fellers, $60 and $40
and found.
Barker, $40: shingle sawyer. $60 and found
FARE PAID— BOSS HERE.
Filer circular sawa. $75; edgerman, $50 and
found.
Cook, few men, ranch, $30; choreman, $20,
same place.
Laborer, dredger, fare 50c, $30 and found
2 carpenters, city, good Jobs. $3 23 to $3 50
Cook, hotel, mining town. $50 and found "
Baker, shop, fare $3. $40 and found.
HARVEST CREWS TO-DAY
Stableman, mining town. $35 and found
Sheep herder, fare $1 25. $30 and found
2 laborers, mine company, fare $1 25. $75
2 young men, city institution. $20 and found.
Section boss, sawmill company, $45 and fd
2 helpers on bread, city, $10 week and $.S
week and found. T *
:» machinists, lumber company, boss here
free fare, steady job. $50 and found.
Machinist, winery company, country, $50 and
found.
OREGON— FREE FARE-OREGON.
39 sawmill and woodsmen, $35 to $90 and fd
BIGGEST WAGES AT MURRAY & READY
BEST PLACES AT 634-636 Clay st!
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 00; we pay express charges 11
Third st., Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
WANTED— A boy to work In Cower store.
Call at SOS Valencia st. .
¦WANTED — A good all-round tailor or tailoress
153 Ninth st.
A STRONG boy about 16 years eld. in up-
holstery store. Apply 2304 Flllmore st.
ERRAND boy wanted. C. W. PIERCE 271
First st.
WANTED— A steady German; tend bar. useful
generally: business house. 15 City Hall sq.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
help wanted — male—Cm.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
5-0 Sacramento St.
Phone Main 1191. Corner Leldeilortt it.
,A-1 SPECIAL.
We have a epecial steamer chartered to go
to A«torla. Oregon, Columbia River^
very cheap fare of $*».
$3 FARE- FARE $3.
FEE $1-— —FEE $1.
TO AbTORIA ' OREGON
ON COLUMBIA RIVER.
"5 laborers. $31 50 and found.
25 rockmen. $59 and found.
This is company work — NO STRIKE— NO
DISCOUNT. Good water and board.
CALL AND SEE US TO-DAY.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— BUTTE COMPANT.
Diamond Match Co.'s private R. R. — Chlco.
KEE H , _ VERY CHEAP FARE
100 teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $2 25
to $2 0 day SHIP TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT CO.. HALF FA..E.
Large lum-ber company.
15 laborers. R. R- In woods. $40 and found.
15 laborers around yards and mill. $40 fd.
HALF FARE.- EUREKA.
Clerk, mine store, south. $32 and found.
10 coal miners. OREGON FREE FARK.
10 coal miners, OREGON FARE PAID.
FREE FARE to WILLITS— FEE $1.
FREE FARE to CASPAR -FEE $1.
50 laborers, muckers and tunnelmen^ $2 ta
$2 75 day. FREE FARE— FEE *l.
6 muckers, tunnel. $60.
FREE FARE F^E $1.
FREE FARE— S. E. R. R. Co.'B Own Work.
FREE FARE -FEE II.
300 section and extra gang men all over th*
State NORTH— EAST and SOUTH.
Ship At All Times on All Trains.
MINES. ETC.
15 miners, all. over, $75 to $90.
50 laborers and muckers, all over. $50 to $.3.
20 rockmen and drillers. $75.
Choreman. private place, $30 and found.
1 Cook, factory, $60 and found.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.
Men, Come Read Our Bulletin Board* ana
Get a Free List of Jobs at the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento at.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
LO Third st., nr. Call bldg. ; phone Bush 403.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally: S. P. Co.'s own work.
COO laborers. $2 a day.
490 section bands, all parts of California.
S. P. R. R Co.'s Own Wort.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
2 swampers for the woods. $45 and board,
BUTTE COUNTY — CH1CO.
50 teamsters and rockmen, $2 50 a day.
CO laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton.
2 men to cit wood 4 feet. $1 25 a eora.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
IRON raolder. $3 day; all-round laundryman.
$50 and found: blacksmith's helper and floor
man. $1 50 and found: boy for itore. $6 week
and increase; stable and chore. man for coun-
try, $25 and found ; old man to care for place.
$5 and found: farmers. $2R and $30 ami
found: milkers. $30 and $35 and found; .t
farmers and wives. $40. $50 and $55 and
found; 2 sheep herders. $30 and found:
miners. $2 5O and $3 day; quarry men. $2 25
day; 6 wood choppers for mine. $1 50 cord;
laborers, teamsters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT A CO.. C2S Sacramento at.
COOK and wife, country hotel. $60, see party
this morning: restaurant cook, country. $12
week; rook, small hotel, $40; waiter and
wife, $30 and found: 2 hotel waiters. $:;<»
and found: young man for housework, $2.">
and found: silver men, porters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
A — CLERK, our, offlce, young man; also er-
rand boy; good wages. MURRAY & READY,
CM-C36 Clay st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. Is-
- quire SE. corner Gough and Fulton sts.
FIRST-CLASS presser on gents' clothes. 1101
Howard st.
BARBER'S 2-chalr shop, with living rooms
and lease; cheap. 2308 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale. 262 O'Farrell st.
PAYING 2-chalr barber shop; downtown. Ask
for H. BAUM. 1057 Market st.
WANTED— For th« V. 3. Maxin» Corp». able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 3C-;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in tha
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 4O
Ellis st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.; 222H N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K at.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Master coppersmith; $3 04 per
diem. An examination win be held at th»
navy yard. Mare Island. Cal.. August 4, 1903.
to fill the above position. For application
and further Information address •'Command-
ant. Navy Yard. Mare Island. Csl."
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery «t.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed fre*.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
BOY in tin shop; learn trad*; aga IS year*.
633 Mission st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europa and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army sbo«%
50c up: soling cheap. S23 Howard st.. nr. 3th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull Is. room 40. Pheian
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 larga
rooms: 25c per night: $1 50 to $.1 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading roomi;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st *nd 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 863 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MORSES AND AVAGONS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock o£
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold ac
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
RARE chance — I good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. M-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 328 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Ust of houses to let: Bend for
circular. O.H.UMBSEN A CQ..14Mont«omery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN * HQWELL. 25 Post «t.
BROADWAY, 1515, near Van Nesa— S-rocm
sunny house, stable, laig^y 8^,^—,^—
HOUSES TO LET--FCRNISHED.
PACIFIC ave.— New and compute. This Is not
a cheap, old-fashioned plac- but *£»ifimkt
rental prip^-v in San iraa:la:3. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 640 Market st. v___
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location: 1.175 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
~" sIjbFrdax houses.
¦S-ROOM cottage, furnished at "Camp Echo."
Larkspar Canyon. C. A. HOLM or postofflce.
LOCKSMITHS AND ELECTRICIANS.
Locksmith and electrical works; I make and re-
Ir anything. E.J.Schnet2ler. 118 McAllister.
OST jlxj) FOUND.
WILL t>arty who found green Morocco purse
at Gocxifellows' Grotto on Saturday evening
notify box 42«O. Call office, where stud and
wedding band can be found. Keepsakes; no
question 3; keep money as reward.
LOST — A pocketbook containing papers of no
value excel t to owner; the currency may be
retained by finder. Return book to OH A3.
I. HAVENS, architect. 55 Flood building.
LOST — Lower part of town, a typewritten roll
of paper marked Swift on wrapper. Finder
please leave at 113 Phelan building; re-
war d^^ _^___
LOST— Certificate of deposit No. 6094 drawn
July 23. on Union Savings Bank, for |60. J.
r SUMNER. 403 Van Ness ave.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel do* at lerry build-
ing, foot of Market st.: tag No. 706. Finder
kindly notify I. H. BURRELL. 313 Central
Bank building, Oakland, and receive reward.
' -**^ 1 '** WANTEP "~ FEa * A1: ' B *'~ Coll> - _
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK: GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLT AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
.100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST;,
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWINO MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RIVETKKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR 1,
22*4 FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
WANTED.
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT;
GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY. CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION,
CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS, stay away from the hag factories;
strike on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. 10648.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. •
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741
Market st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. .
NEAT elderly colored woman for general house-
work: family of 2 adults. Box 4610, Call.
CAPABLE demonstrator; state business ex-
perlence. Box 4600. Call.
WANTED — A good counter girl at California
Cafe. 19 Powell st.
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Agency
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello. Grant 185.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE.
Chatsworth Park, machine drillers $2-$3
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
Wllllts, Mendoclno Co., rockmen, teamsters..
I ..?2 25
Absolutely free fare for all above.
Harness clearer, city, $70 and room; car-
riage maker, $3 50 day; leverman, dredger,
$60 found, country; ranch blacksmith, $40
and found; driver and accountant, country,
$35 and found; 3 milkers, country, $35 and
found; milker, country, $30 and board; paper-
hanger, country, $3 day; stableman, city, $30;
choremen, milkers, stablemen, teamsters,
others.
20 Swedes to pile lumber $2 75
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, near city, party here 8 a. m..
r $100
Cook, Nevada, free fare $75 to $80
Cook, mine boarding-house $70 found
Cook, country hotel, $00; butcher, restaurant.
$60; assistant butcher, country hotel, $60 and
free fare; cook, city, $50 and found; second
cooks, city and country, $50-$00; baker, coun-
try restaurant. $50 found; hotel clerk, city. .
$50; dishwasher, watering resort, $35 and
free fare; pantryman, country hotel, $35. '
free fare; 3 dishwashers, country hotel, $30
and free fare; dishwasher, springs, $30; night
cook and dishwasher, same restaurant, north,
Sir.-fs week; butcher and drive wagon, near
city, $10 week; butcher, country ihop, $33
found; bowling alley man, free fare and $25;
country hotel. Lake Tahoe; helps' ball waiter,
country hotel, $30; and numerous others:
cook and helper, country hotel, $100, party
here, 8 a. m.; second cook springs $60
C. R. HANSEN & CO Emp. Agents
420 Bush st 012 Clay st.
A MANAGING steward, club, country. $150-
$175. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 420 Bush st.
AN errand boy. this offlce. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Cook, and
wife to assist, country hotel, $60 to $70; sec-
ond cook, family hotel, $50; cook, boarding-
house, $45; dishwasher. 1 $ti a week; porter,
country hotel, $20; young man to help in
confectionery. $6 a week; young man to help
In garden, $15 and found: barn and choreman
for resort, $25; man and wife for vineyard,
$40; waiter's helper, $20 and found; nurse,
hospital, $25 and found.
1 A MAN to do general work about an Institu-
tion; wages $30 and found; references. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
1 WANTED — A young man with a fair knowl-
edge of electrical work and some experience
to do station work. Write, stating experience
and salary expected, to Pacific Portland
! Cement Co., Cemtnt. Solano Co., Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St., Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— An all-round man at the Woodland
steam laundry; wages $50 and board; must be
a good polisher. Address box 216, Woodland.
: WANTED — A young man, experienced wrap-
per, to take charge of wrapping desk In dry
goods house. Box 4258, Call.
WANTED — At Lincoln. Cal., first-class ma-
chinist. GLADDING, McBEAN' & CO.,
RIalto bulldlns.
A STRONG boy, living In Western Addition, to
work after school; call between 10 and 12.
25."1 California st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' cloaks
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO., 6i
First St.
WANTED — Young man competent cf taking
charge of wrapping desk. MARKS BROS.,
1220 Market st.
1 WANTED — Gofid barber; steady work; union
man; union wages. 5- Larkin st.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 26 Turk St.
Park Hotel.
WAITER wanted. 261 First st.
m
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A YOUNG man of good address to assist man-
ager of juvenile dept.: IS to 20 years of age;
references. S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and pu.sh, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON, 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOO & CO..
740 Market »t.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
BARBERS, attention— Shaving parlor for sale;
living-rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
WANTED — Agents to take orders ffr author-
ized "Lite of Pope Peo XIII." Written with
approbation and blessing of His Holiness;
over 600 pages; elaborately illustrated; sells
at sight; best terms; books on credit; freight
paid; sample, with full Instructions, post-
paid free on application. Address Globe
Bible Publishing Co., 723 Chestnut it., Phil-
adelphia. Pa.
GOLDEN West Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation — Male and female help on short no-
tice; 50 laborers. $2 25 per day; sheep herder,
$30 per month; 7 waitresses, $25 to $30 per
month. PARKHURST & MAUPIN.
' Drumm st.
WANTED — Dentist, licensed, good | extractor,
good raotd crown and bridge worker, good
address and habits; Dermanent; (30 to $40
week, according to ability and application.
Schiff man Dental Company. Los Angeles.
FOR ' sale-^-A good 3-chalr barber shop in the
country." For particulars apply at the Barber
Supply Dept. of the WILL & FINCK CO., 19
O'Farrell st.
TRY our men's shoes, union-made, at $1 pair;
¦ foot-form shoes at (2 50; we pay cypress or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — 3 boilermakers; steady employment
¦ to right men; standard wages; state experi-
ence. Box 4255, Call offlce.
WANTED — Men for steamers ' and sailing ves-
sels; all parts of the world. W. B. SWEARS,
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush 436.
WANTED — A bookbinder for all round work
in forwarding and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN, VAIL & CO. 741 Market «t. #
STEADY boy to work ; in a paint shop and
store. - Box 4256, Call offlce. , ¦ .
FORWARDER wanted who understands finish-
ing. MYSELL-ROLLIN3 CO.. 22 91ay st.
nCSINJES8«CHANCJE»—ContIniae£^^
, SURE MONEY— BIG DIVIDENDS
1 . IX
CATTLE RAISING.
We will take your cattle and raise them
for a share of the profits, guaranteeing you
a certain Increase.
If you invest your money with us will guaran-
tee you a fixed income, secured by the best
of collateral.
Bank references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO.,
651-6C1 Hayward bldz.
NORTH German wants partner to buy first-
class well-paying saloon: $1250 required; ref-
erences. Address box 4928. Call.
Halrdresslng parlors ;cheap;value In sight :good
location: retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7th-Sth.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call offlce.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
68 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
Zl rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 850
21 rooms; water front: rent $40: lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
o7 rms. ;apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. S to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny gt.
' MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg.—
Hotels. Apartment House*,* Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; C rooms pay J13S monthly;
cost $1200; price $800. $04 McAllister st.
¦ SUNNY well-fur, cor. flat. 14 rms.; rent $40,
lease; price $700. 204 Second St., upstairs.
SPIHITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER— Readings to-day, 10 to 4;
circle Wednesday evening. 8:10 sharp. 33ti
O'Farrell st.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle, evenings fxrept
Man., 10c; prophetic read.; lad. iCc. 148 Gth.
j MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
• night. 10c 619 McAllister: come, skei.'ica.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St., cor. Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings, 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
C LA IHVOVAXTS.
X^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2!
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false: to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
{ cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
cf life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 456i).
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
zn. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfao-
tory as in perscn; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future:
ladles, COc: gents. 11; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 60. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will gi\-e a good reading. 10c. for
a 6hort time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
past, present and future life. 901 Buchanan
I ct.. corner Fultcn: no sign.
) A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
! names gi\-en: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. Gth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tings dallv. 44SU, Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET-nEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in eanltarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
«end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South21tt
ADVANCE Carp»t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Mam 3H4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prtcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary — AH
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 010 Market:
tel. Red 618; collections: gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION'
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 9-10: t»l. SBSO.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$16 — Rent or for sale:bay-window C-rm.cottage:
every known improvement: high basement &
chicken houses. Owner, 1223 Cortland ave.
DENTISTS.
Ijk7~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teetb
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post et. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room 614, corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. *3 60; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, J2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft thla month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. »C9 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS Sc SEAMSTRESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, btew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PTEHro ASH CI.EA-/IHG. ~~~
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phono
for »iw ¦¦ t 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAI,.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
beghis Sept. 7; day & evening clans; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1205 Market., cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fat>te:>t,
easiest, .most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poet, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by. experts; best combined short-
hand and ' commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13*2 Mkt.
SPANISH Academy — Prbfessor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st..
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— KT7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
C15 Liirkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p.m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 st. zn.
IOC Eleventh street: open until Jp.tt
109C Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tstreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore Ftreet; open until O p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.
T.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- TKr
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of the JC3
Temple. All Iraters courteously In-
vited.
THOS. II. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. S
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-VV
ING, July 2S. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. /Y\
degree. 15\ order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and
¦ A M.-tCalled meeting THIS tTLt-S-^Qr
DAY) EVENING. at 7 o'clock, /^r\
Third degree. Uy order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL LodEe No. 144. F. and A. «
M— Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) W
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 6, K. of P., will .¦*S S .
confer the Knight Kar.k >\^r.g form)
WEDNESDAY. July 29. 1903. at /«J5£
Pythian Certle, 90y>* Market street. JSS^S,
at t>:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially Invited. F. WICKERT. C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
MYRTLE" Lodge No. 16. K. of P., will
confer Kr.ight Rank (long form) \zr8S*^
TUESDAY, July 28. Visiting broth- "jpffy
cr* cordially invited. AoQfcr
S. D. DAVIS, C. C. ¦^E**"^
C 6. HOFFMAN. K. of R. and S.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — W*fT**>
Will ho:d its seventeenth annual pie- "V\\^jf
nic in Fhe'.i Mound Park. Berkeley, on «A|f
SUNDAY, AugriFt 2. 1903. Numerous CCWS*
gate ar.d game prizes. A Domestic •Set
sewing-machine will bo given lor a first gate
rrtze. now on exhibition at 1021 Market st.
A Crst-class union band will be In attend-
ance. Boats leave every half-hour for the
park. Buy j our tickets for Shell Mound.
• Don't forget the date, as this is the picnic of
the - ecaf on — Sunday. August 2.
P. DEASY, Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary.
•NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OP
THE SECURITY SAVINGS BANK—
Notice is hereby given. In pursuance
at a resolution of the Board of
Directors of the Security Savings Bank, a
lorporaticn organized and existing under the
laws of the t^tate of California, passed and
adopted en Tuesday, the 14th day of July,
1903, st a regular meeting of said Board, duly
lield at Number 222 Montgomery street, in the
<":ty and County cf San Francisco, In the
• . Mate cf Calif 01 r.la, the same being the prin-
cipal place cf business of eaJd corporation,
• the Security Savings Bank, and at the build-
ing wh«re the Board of Directors of tald
corporation usually meet, that a meeting of
the stockholders of said corporation, the
Security Savings Bank, is hereby called for,
and will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
t-tr*et, in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the same being the principal place o£
business of said corporaticn. and being at
the building where the Board cf Directors of
Kp.id corporation usually meet, on Wednesday,
. ' the 23rd day of September, 1&03, at the hour
.' of three o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
for tbe purpose of considering, deciding and
acting upon the proposition to increase the
t-apital stock of said corporation, the Security
• Havings Bank, and to increase it to the
amount of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it Is proposed to increase the tsald
capital Ftock if One Million Dollars. By
order of the Board of Directors. Dated. July
14th, 1S03. FRED W. RAY.
Secretary cf the Security Savings Bank.
ANNUAL Meet!r.g — The Risdon Iron and Lo-
*x>mot2\-e Wcrks — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron sind Loco-
motive Work*, for the election of trustees
for th<- ensuing year and the transaction of
fuch other business as may be brought be-
. fore the meeting, will be held at the office
• of the eo-npary. No. 20S Steuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust, 1&03, at 11 o'clock a- m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of Pore Leo XIIL
Ov*r 600 raee?. Nearly 200 illustrations.
Full account of funeral ceremonies. Books
on credit; freight paid; Epecial terms. Pub-
* lisbed Id five languages. Indorsed by emi-
nent Catholics. Colored portrait and outfit,
containing 300 illustrations, mailed fr**. Ad-
dress CATHOLiC BOOK COMPANY. 1017
* Chestnut Ft.. Philadelphia. Pa. . ,
'AGENT? — Sell the only authentic life of Leo
XIII. Largest, be^t and most complete book:
fully Illustrated In colors. Best terms guar-
anteed. Order outfit now. CATHOLIC BIBLE
* HOUSE. Tfi Fifth ave.. Chicago.
AGENTS— A now rr.^ney- maker. F. PERSON,
• ' 477 and 47S Parrott bldg.
AOrHTS AHDJOLICITOES WAHTED.
WANTED — Good_ agents in every city and
town in the United States to sell diamonds
. on installments; Tontine plan; known as
Tcntlnt diamond contracts; men to ooen up
new territory as managers In different parts
of the country; contracts run 52 weeks at
$1 25 r*" r week: tctel paid, $C5 for a 1-carat
dear white diamond, or $10o In gold coin in
• lieu thereof; investment pays 60 per cent
profit: aprerits. here is a contract that will
tell and one that you can get paid for sell-
ing. Address box S02. Call office, Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond, books-tire, iAU Ellis. By inail If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MATTERS.
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Success; estates, attachments, damai;?s.
It. C. ADAMS,
Room C16, third floor, Exa-nlncr buiMing.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner Md.,
rm. Oil; all cases, damages, estates/ wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or v.-rite;
even.ngs by appointment. T-;l Red «ooi.
* PROMPT attention to all cases: divorce.estatet,.
' collections: no fees unless successful; call or
write: eve?. Tues. and Fri.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE frte — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
. rates: no Jee* In advance: open every wen-
ing. J. M. THVKSTOX. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick,qulet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid?., 027 Mj»r-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
AITKEN * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. W3 California et. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. C32 Mar-
ket et.. room 23: legal advice; bank refs.
DIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots, J5 each ;German singing
canaries, 12: we will try to please rou;every-
thin? In our line at right prices. 154G Market.
UOAHDING FOK CUILbKEJV.
GERMAN woman wants 1 or 2 children to
board; rrf. given. C12 Treat ave., nr. 19th.
TWO childrrn to board; pleasant home and &
mother » care. . r )>4 Polk st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$730. ~~~ "
Restaurant and bakery located in best pay-
ing district in the city; doing a thriving busi-
ness; »<-ats «*j; receipts average (40 daily; rent
* . reasonable; owner has other business and
muM bell. H. W. WILFORD. 3 Taylor st.
'•'WANT to m-11 your business?"
Bet H. W. WILFORD.
Businet-a Agent,
3 Tavlor ei... corner Golden Gate ave.
DISTINGUISHED gentleman with high refer-
ences and long years of experience in Cen-
tral American republics and Mexico well
connected with Government business and pri-
vate circle*, epf-aklng several languages, de-
Hires to co back as manager or representa-
tivf for large concern. Box 4&X Call offlce.
$l.'»(j — COFFEE, jce cream and chop house;
Marin Co.; clears $100; rent $1S. 20 Hayes.
WANTED — Party to Joint me in good light
manufacturing and commission businesg-
capltal required. f7.*»: big profits. 8C5 Folsom.
HALF interest tea and coffee business, crock-
ery, etc. : good store trade and routes'- about
r.500. WHITTLE, 131 San Pablo ave'., Oak-
land.
SHOE store: R3o on the dollar. Drug store at
Invoice. MOSSMAN. 850 Market at.
FOR SALE: — Books and stationery, cutlery; sit-
uated on prominent stroet down town; long
lease; 25 years established. 226 California Et.
f HOOTING gallery concession with or without
. targets across the bay. Apply 711 Polk Bt.
RESTAURANT for sale; business location;
niurt be sold. Apply 702 Kearny pt.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for aale.
Inquire hardware store, l'jih and Folsom «t^ j
A canvasser may help If an affable man,
But you will do better by a judicious plan
Along newspaper lines, for they cover the field, \
An army of agents, and results ever yield.
Try The Call, 'tis the best; and we say It with pride
That no one e'er complained who this paper once tried.TACOMA, Wa,sh., July 27.— A contract
has been closed by which the Southern
Pacific Company will take the en
tire output, averajcing 20,000 tons per
month, of the Carbon Hill coal mines in
Pierce County, tributary to Tacoma.
Hitherto a portion. of the coal mined has
been sold to steamship lines.
Railroad Takes All the Coal.
HONOLULU, July 21.— Captain Barton
of the steamship Clavering. which went
ashore off this port July 19 and was sub
sequently pulled off the reef, claims that
the bell on the buoy at the entrance to
the channel was not ringing on the night
that he struck the reef, and that his
soundings showed twenty fathoms just
before he touched. It is a fact that Jap
anese fishermen often stop the bell from
ringing on the buoy so as not to interfere
with their sleep. As the nlghrwas very
calm and smooth when the Clavering
went ashore there may not have been
swell enoush to ring the buoy bell, even
if its clapper were not tied by the Japs.
Says Bell Did Not Ring
TACOMA, Wash.. July 27.-About
twenty restaurant-keepers were arrested
to-day on complaint of Deputy Food Com
missioner Haskell for Belling adulterated
milK or milk deficient In the Quantity of
butter fat required by the law. They will
have a" hearing before Justice' Griggin.
Deputy Food Commissoncr Objects
to the Quality of Milk
Served.
POLICE MAKE A BAID
ON TACOMA BESTAUBANTS
If the coust authorizes the water company
to collect this money on the basis of last year's
rates Is It not practically first giving Judg
ment to the water company tnd afterward pro
ceeding to try the case?
Is the water company In contempt of court
If It unes the Injunction unfairly or dishonestly
or make* any misrepresentation of it?
Will this Injunction In any manner prevent
the city from acquiring the municipal water
system which thts beard has already taken
steps toward securing from a source In the
Sierras?
What is done with the money collected by
the water company In excess of the rate fixed
by this board?
Does the water company have the us« an 1
benefit of It, or is It deposited in the United
States treasury, so that each consumer may
recover It without expense?
If each consumer (whose average claim will
probably average $1 50) has to finally sue for
this money can he also sue for his attorney s
fees and lots of time and expenses Incidental
to such a sutt?
Has the water company the authority under
the law to shut oft the water of any consumer?
If so, under what procedure?
Can you obtain an Injunction from any court
prohibiting the water company from enforcing
the collection of any water rate from the con
sumers of this city until the matter Involved
in this injunction is decided?
Can you obtain an injunction against the wa
ter company prohibiting It from shutting off
the water from any or all consumers In this
city? #
SUGGESTS INJUNCTION.
When a consumer pays this demand under
protest must the water company give him a re
ceipt which acknowledges this protest?
Can the water company threaten to or shut off
the water of any consumer who refuses to pay
any water rate until this case Is decided, or
who refuses to pay the sum demanded of bun
by the water company?
Has It the right to state on the receipt that
the money Is received on account of any rate
that may be fixed?
The board adopted a resolution provid
ing that in the matter of the order re
straining the Board of Supervisors from
enforcing the water rates for the present
year, issued out of the United States
Court, the City Attorney be requested
to answer the following questions:
What Is the scope of this Injunction?
Is any water rate now in force In this city?
What has been the procedure In the col
lection of water rates from consumers In for
mer cases of this kind In this city?
Does this Injunction permit the water com
pany to demand a rate in excess of that fixed
by this board?
Does the injunction affect each and every
water consumer, without service of any copy
of the same on them, or without their having
any knowledge of what It enjoins?
Must water consumers accept the statement
by word of mouth of The employes of the wa
ter company as to this injunction?
Has the water company the right under this
Injunction to demand from the consumers any
amount In excess of the rate fixed by this
board?
ABOUT WATER BATES.
The Mayor, desiring to drag Commis
sioner Casey into the excoriation adminis
tered to Manson, said the communication
was official as it was signed by the Board
of Works, and D'Ancona replied that if
Manson's name was mentioned It was be
cause he had made the water question a
sort of a "bugaboo."
Braunhart said the resolution was pre
sented. owing to the fact that the Board
of Works, through Commissioner Manson.
had written a communication to the board
suggesting that the municipal water sup
ply proposition should first be submitted
before any other public improvements are
voted upon. Braunhart said that the sug
gestion was impertinent and uncalled for.
"Manson's criticism," said D'Ancona,
"has demonstrated his absolute lncompe
tency as a man of affairs or else that he
is striving to put obstacles in the way of
the people acting on other public Improve
ments."
Resolved. That the Board of Supervisors
hereby declares that it is necessary and desir
able that the people) of San Francis;.) be given
an opportunity of expressing themselves upon,
the proposition of Incurring a bonded indebt
edness for the securing- of a municipal water
works, and that it ia the Intention of this board
to submit the question of the acquisition of
such works to the electors at the earliest pos
sible moment upon favorable action by the
Secretary of the Interior upon the city's appli
cation for reservoir sites at LaVco Elinor and
Hetchy Hctchy Valley, and that In case these
applications be rejected this board declares Its
intention' to at once take such other steps as
may seem advisable to secure a municipally
owned water system.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a res
olution yesterday declaring its intention
to submit to the people the proposition to
acquire a municipal water supply from
the Tuolumne River at the earliest possi
ble opportunity. Supervisors d'Ancona
and Braunhart took occasion to score the
Board of Works for criticizing the first
named board's course in the matter of
bor^d issues. The resolution says:
Supervisors Score the Board
of Works for Making
Suggestions.
Same owner with William S. Snook & Son
(contractors), architect same — Sewering, plumb-
Ing and gas fitting for same on same; $4767.
Wilcox Realty Company (corporation) (own
er?) with Royal Heating Company (contract
ors), architect Albert Plssls— Low pressure
steam heating system for building in course
of erection on lot on SE line of Mission street,
73 S\V of Third. 8W *5. SE 100, NE 5, SE 70
NE 80. NW 170- f?654. T
Builders' Contracts.
Theresa E. and R. Dannmeyer to Ernest
R. LUIenthal, re-record 127S D. 396. lot on
S line of Nineteenth street, SO W of Noe, \V
23 by S 86; $23.
Anthony Curtln to Margaret Curtln, undi
vided third of lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 165 W of Noe. W 75 by N 114; gift.
Giovanni and Kate Bignottl to Lulgl Nun
zlato. lot on S line of Broadway. 58:6 W of
Montgomery. W 28:6 by S 70; $10.
Mary A. Brooks to Georgia K. Hlggins, lot
on S line of Pacific street. 45:6 E of Powell,
E 4« by S e$:0: gift.
William H. and Adelia E. Little and Eliza
beth B. L. Graham (little) (wife of Thomas
T.) to Jacob Hey man Company, lot on 8W line
of Sixth street. 175 8E of Bryant, SE 25 by
BW 85: $10.
Hibernla Savings and LQan Society to Frank
Sternberg. lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue,
271:1 S of California street. S 25 by W 120;
$410.
Louis A. Rondeau to Mary C. Saul. lot on E
line of Third avenue, 175 N of Point Lobos, N
25 by E 120: $10.
J. Frank and Maria Walters to Anne John
son, lot on SE corner of Clement street and
Thirty-ninth avenue, S SO by E 120; J10.
John and Jane McG. Colgan to Rose O'Con
nell, lot on NW corner of Sixteenth avenue
and I street, W 57:8 by N 100; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Rose A. Plnkert. lot on E
line of Falcon avenue. 60 S of Romaln street.
S SK degrees % minute. E 76:1, SE 32:9, NW
«2:4. NE 28:7. lot 3, block 19, Market-street
Homestead; $10.
Felix H. Irvine to Albert A. Green, lot 1.
block T. Park Lane Tract No. 5: $10.
Denton and Dora Utter to Lucy A. Marlln.
lot 15. block F. Lakcvlew Tract: 1200.
Denion Utter to Mabel Marlln. lot 14. block
F. same; grant.
Miles G. Owens to Allc* Jones, lot on S line
of. Twenty-first street. .155 E of Castro, E 25
by S 114. warranty deed: $2.
MONDAT. JULY 27
William H. and Augustln Fuller to Rupert
Wannemacber. lot on N line of Hayes street*
63 W of Bitchanan. W 27 by N 95; $10.
Emma H. and David Michaud to Mary E.
Poole (wife of Abraham R.). lot on S line of
Oak streer. 150 E of Broderick. E 25 by 3
137:6; |ia
Ellen B. Copp (Franzell) to Etta E. McFar
land. lot on SK corner of Oak and Clayton
streets. E 31:3 by S 100; $100.
REAI* ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
People to Be Given Op
portunity to Vote on
Proposition.
CITY MAY OWN
WATER SUPPLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY so, i»ua.
13
LQyr -<yP FOVSn Cnnflnne<1 u
LOFT— On Markrt. Hayes or McAllister sts.. a
husket. Ueturn to ro Sutter Ft.: reward.
$10 REWARD for return of male pug dog an-
ewf-rln* name of Boton- loFt cor. Webster
""I F«-H Ft?. Return to .%2« Oak> ft.
LOST — Along low t -r Geary and Market f-ts..
lady's cold watch with !<hort chain; doe's
Jiesd rnsravp<5 on back. Ftndcr will receive
reward by returning to cashier Call ofnea or
VS. Fifty-ninth ct.. Oakland.
17 will pay to "lUm^niUr" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter rt.. needs old
?.i i: ni cal.
VALPEAUS female ptl's; best regulating plils
eold; price 52 f>0 by express. Pasteur's »yr-
l=ee and tablets; price $2 50. By etores*
cr.ly on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ER?. wholesale dniisists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
i!KS. DR. UXE.1U, specialist fcr all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 3U
•ycs.iV esi>triencc. 72S Post st.. near Jcnea.
MUS. UK. KOHL, reliable bpeclalist 'or all fe-
"tr.aJe troubles and lrrrruiarltics: instant re-
licf guaranteed. lOOS^s Market tt.. opp. 5th.
VH. G. W. O'DOXNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist en female
ccmplaints: positively corrected; the wefor-
tunate helped: the most dlff.cuii ca»es treat-
ed; advwee free. Ofnre. 101R M.-rket at.
iir.S. D. ALLEX. 11 IS Market— Reliable Udles
fpeclallst; a private hcrr.e brfcr«s and during
confinement : b<-*t medlca.1 care : low fees.
DR. and' MRS. DA VIES ana H1NIXK> HER3S;
original inethed of treatmert. 1126 Market st.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
• - .n obstetrics, female comp. : 25 yrs. exper'nee.
H 1^ ROftl-N.' moved to 29S5 Knlsom et., cor.
tifith; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. JCO TOY KEE. ?-l'J I'owcll et., epposit*
Vn'.-Ti «c'-are: »!l ¦li"ay*s cjre.i hy herbs.
RXISCCIXASEOUS — KOIl SALi;.
BOILERS cr.cir.^s. 2-hand machinery. McUf-
TOSH i WOU'MAX. ID5-197 Frrrnont st.
A GOOD reason ta buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay
a email weekly payment on all purchases; all
poods delivered en first payment. Call End
f-xamine our enods. even If you don't care ta
•buy. UCHTEXSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
vo es your, hoof leak? ~
Repair it with elatertte; In rolls easy to lay:
ret<U no lainting or coating; good over eld
Iron, tin r.r shingles; best for ne-w roofs.
ELATEBXTE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
K2COND-HA_ND machinery, boilers, engines,
;'-.::.;- water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchtr.ged. See Sunday^ papers. H.6. WHITE
machinery company. 130-132 Beaie st.
BAR and back bar of solid mahogany. "0 feet
long; a Brct-clas>- fixture at a reasonable
- prtc*. Apply at €18 Third Et.
A— Fine fu'.ts. f 7 M; dress pants, (2 50. Ortg-
Insl Misfit Clcthlng Parlors, las Kearny it..
near Bush; open to S» p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— W 50 DEItUY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny et.. near
Pine; open till a p. tn. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, pells cr rents tear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. C63-255 Spear St.
TOR FsJe— ."V0O.00O fir*t-"la!=s m-w brick; at Glen
Kllrn. Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL,
If Si's Market ft.
95 — FINGER sewing machine: in pood craer.
ir.71 Markrt et.. near Twelfth.
• TOR taie — ConipU-te printing sutf 1 .:: ivery;hir.§
new; BMt $3oO; only fl27>. iJ;)V 4252. <"all.
MOVING pi-turr-F. magic lanterns, sal-" ratal;
barpair-s. Bullard A- Brack, VU Port st.
FOR SALE — K:ryt-i-!»Fs Cleveland bicycle, SIS;
good us new. Cr.'l Turk *t.
ONE camping outfit for sale: 2 horses, wagon
•nd Harness. 73(i Fclsoru st.
FLOT machines; all varieties. Dewev'6, $ot).Cx>.
LTurcka Novelty Co.. IV* Seventh. Oakland.
?.::;.> cf pipe end fittings; all tizrs. EU-
GENE KXXJCT & SONS. 103 VaT.«jo st.
ItOVDEQ picture film and :ong flides. lu*
Mostgcmery et.
" SAFES — New ar.d Fecor.d-hiind. n. 3. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market et.
AM Kargalns; camp stocls and .hairs' bamm'Jcks.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Ediroc records, kuppiies. moving
picture machines, f.lms. Bacigalupi. S33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launchea.
all f.zet. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
£AFi:S~.N>iv and Bocond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. <17-C1J Sacramento et_
AFK fcr prices en second -Lasd typ«wrlters: all «
mikft. ALEXANliLR & CO. 'l<t Montify.
MISCELLANUOIS WAVTS.
WANTED — 1O0 teams weighing from lltfO to
140<i pounds at >I per tran and feed hy the
K. B. &. A. L. Stone Company. l\r railroad
• grading for the Buite County Iiallrcad Cum-
jany, rear Chtep. Inquire cither ei the Oak-
land cr Chioo office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothihg an4
theatrical gcois. 154 Oth s.t. ; tel. Jessie 285L
itOOO WORTH ri.st-off clothing wanted; hgf.es:
price r.airt. 322 Grant ave ; tel. Fieri ::9.JJ.
n<t\::\ to i,u.o.
AAA- HEK2LAN MURPHY.
<. . CC1-W2-S03 Examiner building.
Qu«ck ecttlcmen'e; no disappointment.
Save expanses by (Sealing directly.
Eftates. eeconi mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, t.- i ¦::¦:• of rents, property In trust.
*tc. : lec&cies. llle estates and undivided in-
terest* In property purchased.
( Courteous treatment. Etrlctly confidential.
When You Need Money
Ee> HERMAN 1ICRPHY.
HIGHLY iwpectable private place to obtain
liberal tflvance* on (Jiiraondn. jewelry, at
lewert rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
Market rt.. te!. Main 1C44. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamster*, boardir.g-r.ousps. without
cecurity; eafy payments: largest business In
46 rn^cipal cities. Tolman. &&5 Parrott bids.
A-t-1 per cent on furniture or ptano:no removal;
no coRimifrion; t.o publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM tl to flO.000.
AT cut rates on real estsie, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. VV. LICK. UXJ3 Mutual
Sav. 'Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone M*in 816.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans fi salaried
people '.n their note.
The TOUSLE Y CO H3 Phclati bldg.
XIONEY to loan en low interest; «cld. stiver,
diafncndu, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTIIAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON jS per cent en furniture : $5 a month on each
31000; any security. 302 Montgomery, rocm 1<J.
Sf ON furniture & pianos; S15 up; t:o removal;
V. TREMAIN, room 61. 6 Eddy et.. floor 4.
ALL loans on tf is mends and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, i"5 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried esiployrs. H. 311. Mutual .' .iv.Hk. hid.
'CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. XIORRELL. COM Examirier bid.
A WEEK'S news f<-r 5 rents— The Weekly Call.
1C parrs, in wrappT. for mailing, tl per year.
MUSICAL. }**TK™?*-!™^ nn ~~
jl j* UMBER of good pianos returned from
rcmtrs will be sold at greatly reduced prices.
Among tbe« instruments are eeversJ of the
* 'esdinr makes. OtUer bargains:
jfhvfcnii *150. * 1S5. $233
1 Klmball. walnut yprlght. celluloid l;eys..*fi*
2 Emerson •»£. *213
•i fctflmvay * J 65. f-^ 5
< Hfi-.e 1225 to $;»5
12 warn $ i? fi l ? *«-=
10 orgsxfc :• " $1 °. lO $ ,', 3
Basts 12 up. allowed on purchase; install-
»ent« ?4 up; pisno-players from t JO op; new
piano* ironi $117 un. HEINE PIANO CO..
£35-277 Geary rt. : phone Main 874*.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$1C5; girat bargain. 237 Geary et.
A FEW good u;irl(rht pianos from $70 up com-
prtflroc Vr,f. .'•••rllRg, Jacobin, fichweth-
i*-n. Kberwood. \Vei»er, Marshall & Wendell.
Haioej. i;%er.tt. Knabe ar.d others; caey
psynrBU, BES2. n RTAZ & SON. l«-£0
«>'Karrc:i. No branches «n San Francibco.
A BAUMEISTHR or Sciub^rt pls.no Is a good
one to buy. You get full value tor every dol-
lar In\ f e*ted. Our terms are easy and the
prices low. THE ZENu- MAUVAIS CO.. 7ttl
Market tt.
BAND instruments: K. lierton. Parts, maker.
<Juc Maiw&ld. Art. P»c Coast. 278 CFarreU:
tklllful repairing; 2d-b&nd instruznests sold.
Feroiiy sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinwsy upright piano. BIO Eddy.
ZITHERS. rr.u*ic. firings, etc. Max Maler.
Ttacher of Zither. 304A Turk Bt ¦
FOR sale — A fine square piano cheap. 1123
Gutter «t.
EZAUTIFUL 3-pedai Ftelnway upright piano;
perfeot order: gacrlflc*:. Kecffe'«.2fe5 OTarrelL
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORKUKQ. 210 McAllister st.
KCHLER A. CHASE, 30 O'Farrell «.; largest
in «lde?t piano house.
tr.ST i«atlng piano in city for $3 per month.
*SCOTT-CURTAZ PLANO CO., 6C0 Hayes «t
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOCTH.VMPTO.N'— LONDON.
PhlIa...Aug. 12. 10 am'X. York. Aug. 28. 10 am
St.Lcuts.Aug. 19. 10am'Phila...Sept. 2. 10 am
ATLANTIC TfiaaSPORT Ms.
NEW YOBK— LONDON DIHElT.
Men'm>e.A«jg. 9. ft amlMtn't'ka.Aug. 22. S am
Mesaba..Aug. 15. 9 am'M!n'j>'lts.Aug.29. 10 Im
Only flrst-cla»s passengers carried.
DDMiNKM LINE.
BOSTON— QUEEN3TOWN— LI V EUPOOL.
New England... Aug. 6[New England.. .Sept. 3
Mayflower Aug. 13'Mayflower Sept. 10
Commonwealth. Aug. 27; Columbus Sept. 17
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea passage
Southwark Aug. 8'Kenslngton Aug. 29
Canada Aug. 22' Dominion Sept. S
Bcton Mediterranean *"«**
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— SAPLKS— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat., Aug. £. Sept. 19, Oct. 31
Vancouver Sat. Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLUHD-AMERICA UK.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a, m.
Statendam Aug. 12]Noordatn Auj. 2JJ
Ryndam Aug. 191 Rotterdam Sept. 3
RED STAR LIME.
NEW VOUK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Zeeland..Au«. 8. 10 amiVaderl'd.Auf. 22. 10 am
Finland. Aug. 15. 10 am!Kroonl'd-Aug.29. 10 ara
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW Y0RK-QUEENSTOW.V-L1VEHPOOL.
* Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
TVutnnlc .Aug. 5. noon iCedrlc. .Aug. 14. 9 am
irshic Au* 7 B pm Majestic. Aug. 10. noon
Gm»ate.Auc. lViroonlcefclc-Aug. 2 i. 4 pm
C D TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast,
* * 21 Post St., San Francisco.
ffamburg-Stmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
-;Twia-S«r«w Express aai Passsagtr Sarvics.
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher - An*. 20
Moltke Aug. 6 Pennsylvania ..Aug. 23
Waldersee Auk. 8 A. Victoria ...Aug. 27
P Sl S {smund...Aug. 15 Patricia Aug. 29
kiMBUBa-AMEaiCAW LISt, 3T B'w.f. H. T.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California, st. Cen. Agta.
eceanies.s.co.E^i;
g 8 VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. « 2 p. m.
a S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
s" S* \LAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 13, 11 a,m
il.smCUISi W8J.M.,AjtJ..lJrtit3rra,H31irWa
fr#ttOa.UI IvUSURv b. I.fidfc SL
Vtax* Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRJSBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 ». m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 a. mi 12:30 noon. 8 p. ca.. ex. Sunday.' Lun*
day. 7 a." m.. 4:15 p. m. Far*. 60 cent*. Tel.
Main 1308. Pier 2. Mlssloa-st. dock. HATCH
BBOa.
ROOMS ¦' TO Fiirn. and Pnfarn.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50e
to $1 SO night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HYDE. 1028. corner California — Clean, sunny
room; gas; suitable for gentleman; $8 60.
MASON. 217— Neatly furn. rooms; quiet; re-
spectable; board optional. Tel. Howard 2606.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 871— Newly furn. sunny rmi..
central; quiet; tel.; baths; moderate. :
ROYAL Houee. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $3
¦• to $8- month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot andeold. water; baths.
STEVENSON. 622. bet. Sixth and Seventh-
Large nicely furnished sunny front room;
grate; $6. . •-, ¦ *'¦¦•¦ v ¦ ' -
SUTTER. 1M1— 1 large furnlslwd front room
with private bell and telephone.
TO LET— A newly furnished front bay-window
room in new modern flat, with uss of bath;
, 16 minutes from Third and. Market sts.; north
side cf Market: handy to 3 car llnes^ must
have references. Box 13/ Call office. /
TURK. 418. Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites A
single; latest Impts: lowest rates in the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— 400 elngle and family rooms; 35c to $1
nlsrht; $1 75 to $0 week; elevator, electrlo
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 619— Renovated ;. handsome
eunny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
WEBSTER, 59 — Furnished rooitos to let.'
WINCHESTER liotcl. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillraore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla nt. .
ROOMS AXD BOARD. ;
AMOY. THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly nrst-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 1714— Select private boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; deslrabls lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California st.— Attractive In-
terlor: exceptional table; free bllllard-room.
THE JOHNSON. 005 O'Farnill St.— Sunny
»ultes and single room*, with board: rets. .
\ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pAges, In wrapper; for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AXD ltOAUU WAXTED.
GENTLEMAN desires room and board at. $7
per week. Box 4253. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received at
the Pan Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission tt., since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght. half orphan,
age 7 .years; Martha Sicbe. half orphan, age
10 years': Robert Slebe. half orphan, age 8
years; Flora Siebe half orphan age 6 years.
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; nafe. reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles,"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladelpla. Pa..
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SEAVIXG MACHINES A3VD SUPPLIER
$15 50 drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
$6 to (15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
i agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange. 933 Mkt.
St.. bet. 5th and tith; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 285 Geary ?t.: phone Main 750.
STUTTERIXG AXD STAJ1MERIXG.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPISvV'RrrERS^W*"
cell better machines for less moiity than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchsnge. 536 California; telephone Main 264.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Insprc. Co.. 200 Sansain*.
PROPOSALS.
?ROPOSALS-.Bids wanted— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the . Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13. 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco. Cal., up to 8:30 D. m.
on MONDAY, August 10, 1903. for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (R. R. sta-
tion. Yountvllle), for six months, ending De-
cember 81, l!»03. Preference will be given to
goods manufactured in this State, price,
nines* and quality being equal, under the
provisions of eec. 3247 of the Political Code.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
ceni of the amount of his bid. payable to
C. Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into n good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Address John F. Sheehan. secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13/ 320 Sansome st.. San
Francisco, Cal. By order of the. Board of
Directors. JOHN F. BHEEHAK. Sec.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. July 22. lfK33 — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m., August 21, 1903, and then opened for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
of 1 double barrack. 1 guardhouse, 2 gun-
sheds &n<l 2 workshops. For full Information,
plans and. specifications apply to this office.
U. S. reserves the light to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be mark-
ed. "Proposals for construction of buildings
at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.." and address-
ed F. H. Hathaway. C. Q..M.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 27, 1903— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received hero
until 11 o'clock, a. m.. August 27. 1003, and'
then opened for . filling ravine and laying
drain at the Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.
Government referves right to reject or ac-
¦ cept any of all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to 'J.
McH. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California.
UNITED STATES * Engineer Office] Burke
BldK.. Seattle, Wash.. July 25, 1003— Sealed
proposals for dredging Grays Harbor an.1
VhPhalfs River, Wash., will be received here
until 12* m.. August 25. 1003. and then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished on appll-
catlob. JOHN MILLIS. M«J. Engineers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS Estate of J. HARRY
BRENNAN, deceased— Notice is hereby
gl\«n by the undersigned, administratrix of
the estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased to the creditors of and all persons
bavins claims aealnst the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within four months after the first - publica-
tion of this notice to the said administratrix
at the office of A. F. ST. SURE, room No.
1203, Claus Spreckels bulldlnst, San Fran-
] cl»co, California, which said office the un-
derElgnrd selects as her place of business In
all matters connected with tald estate of J
HARRY BRENNAN. deceased. CATH-
ERINE A. BRENNAN. Administratrix of
the Estate of J. HARRY BRENNAN. de-
ceased. Dated San Francisco. July 3, lacj.
A. F. ST. SURE, Attorney for Estate. Claus
Spreckels building, San Francls-j.r
NOTICE of Dissolution of Copartnership — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
Etyle ot Golden Gate Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company, doing business in the city
nrd ccurty of Ban Francisco, State of Call-,
fo.-nla. 1h thus day diieoived by mutual con-
cent, MARSHALL. C. HARRIS having pur-
clio^ert the entire. Interest of WILLIS U.
WHITTER In the concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER.
July 17. 1903. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC. ~~~~ '
The public In general Is hereby notified that
the undersigned did not have and has not any
partner In business since lftOO. Anybody hav-
ing claimed or claiming to b<» such has done
so without authority, and for reasons best
known to himself. -
E. HOLSINGER. 223 Laussat ave.
San Francisco. July. lf*q.
MARRIAGE LICE2"GES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: „„" ... ¦_''¦'
Frank. T. Ramsey. 23, 5..4 O'Farrell street,
and Maud McNaughten. 22. 107- Fifth street.
Joseph P. Barl, 22, 11 Lafayette place, and
Virginia Stagnaro, 17. 1507 Dunont street.
.¦Henry. A. Connor. SO, city, and Bessie Bai-
Wftlter Grace, 30, 747 Eddy street, and Min-
nie F. Nevels. 21, 747 Eddy street.
Stepham Basista, SO. - Selby, . and Teresa*
Barna, 20. Selby.
James Halpln. 51. 68 Ellis street, and Jessie
McLan*>/ 41; 1102 MlS6ion street.* , • -. ¦-
George P. -Larson.i2S,'120 Sutler street, and
AI1W B. ,Howland,.2S, 2116 Gutter street, i
William V. M. Doran,;21." 10T.9 Howard street
and Kathryn E. Delury, 13. 011 Folwm street.
• Albro Pierce, 61. San Jose, -and Ida B. Ste-
vens, 45. San Jose. . r.
- A. Emile Tanner,' 21, 432 Buchanan street,
and Ida Hely&nder, 19. 432 Buchanan strt et.
M r _SICALi^ IXSTH PMKSTg Con^,^,
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
once. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister rt. k
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1<3 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXU STOKES TO L.KT.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, J27 Market st.—
Ofttc* to let; rent $15- light, belt, ;anitor anJ
telephone. ASHTON & jARMN'EB. •
STORE with Urge basement: near Kearny ft.
See owner. ti36 Clsy «t.. room 1.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES R E.MOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby rkin. birthmark*.
er.;allpox pitting* and soars scientifically re-
tr.oved without cutttng.massage.electriclty or
tnfdicine: fi>eclal demonstrations ttils week.
rail or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium tnd laudanum habits cured
at beme by a painless home treatment: tn-
torted and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; In plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk et. : Bruce P. KlmmK Mgr.
I WANTED— 777 ladies with scelp diseases: Iofs
i of hair and premature groynes? prevented.
¦ Can treat by mail. Blank for stamp.) Con-
sultation free, S:.".O to 6: Sunday?. 10 to II.
Prof. "QKO. A. <"ARLOW, Specialist, room
21 s, JW7 Market Bt." -
THE Star Hair Remedy restore* gray hair, im-
proves Its growth; stops falllng.cures dandruff
and StchJng scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at drusrglst*". hairdressers' ;ae-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..oe5Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ftacdard. the sewlnr-rnachlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 16 years' experience, cures per-
rannently mcrphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
I GILBERT BARKLY cf England Is requested
j to report at the Young Men's Christian Aaso-
I • elation bids.. San Francisco; news of im-
portaA?e from home. .
, REMOVAL Notice.
Pacific Envelope Co. has removed to 461
Mission street. Telephone James 17«5.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Rjnday evenings at IJeutonia Hall, Howard
vt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT iess than cost, uncalled for suits, overooau
and troueers. et CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on ea*y installments; 60 cents
tnd up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mar-
ket ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
' 6UITK to order on installments, $1 per week.
! Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles hairdresslng. 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton at.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 GO; dress pantf $2 50.
Misfit Clcthlng Parlor, cor. BuEh and Dupont.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mr».Traveme.ll70Market.
MASQUERADE coetumes. play book*, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREEUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hslr t!> its natural color; $1; at all druggies.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
trlc r.eedle. Mr?, fc Miss Eaton. 1119 gutter.
| VARICOSE veiny and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
! TAMP CO.. 1*O O>arr e' P. F
palmist:»y.
i MADAM DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
rli?t. Office. 26 Liebrs bldg.. U8 Post St.; Jl
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
! PAFERHA3KGISG. PAI.\TI.\G. ETC.
: ROCVS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, palntln?.
Iiarrrrarn Paint Co.. Slit "d «t. t tel. Main 411
I —^ i^ — ¦— —^— — — — —^*«
PHYSICIANS AND 5LKCEOXS.
I _ _
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
102XU Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
1 REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, lerb doctor:
treats nil diseases of the human tody; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
tated at €67 Geary et.. near Leavesworth.
I tiH. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use cf herb* and teas. 727 Washington Bt.
j BLOOD rkln ar>3 rectu dif-eases * upeclaity.
DR. BALL. 1037H Market tt.
fWONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
rtprc cured by Chinee hrrb*. "»«-< Clar «t.
; storage: axd warehouses.
I A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant lttl.-
i PIERCE-llODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
f!c« Pest ind Powell tts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
• CCN KLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
j else. Zi?. Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
! GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
I Mlf slon st. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
! PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2^20 Fillmcre et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
I EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.: t»l. Main 1A-I0. Shu fins at cut rates.
j nn,-'. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$1500— PAYMENT on 2 r.ew flats at M3S Mis-
sion St.; will pay 20 per cent oil Investment;
2 new flats on Army et., rear Mission, and
many others that wilt pay btg interest. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 35O3 Mission Bt.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 611-612 Callaghan building, will buy
ycu a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $S p»r month pay? principal and
interest on each $1000 of balance due.
| WHOLE block cf houses Just started near the
Park on Carl, Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ave. ;
plans, terme, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl »t.
A SACRIFICE — 2 artistic houfe*. 7 rocms and
hath. Ingl(sl<>, lot SOxlOO. Call 51-53 Mc-
Alllster tt.
BARGAIN — Two-flat house, basement; room
for horse and buggy. 3037 22d et., near
Folsom: flOCO; call before 12 m.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
ft. fcr sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: open.
FCR sale — House S rms.; hlrh basement; sunny
tide lltth. bet. Valencia & Mission; uo reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. '^21 Powell.
EXQUISITE home; 7 r. & b. ; near cars: 515OJ.
fumiEhM fa**). MOSSMAN. >-50 Market ft.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sal*.
A BEAUTIFUL, country home In Elruhurst; S-
room house; elegant Interior finish, barn and
carriaee-hoUFe. chicken and numerous other
.j>uhGu.««-s: concrete driveways; beautiful
flower garden; 2 p<"res in orchard; one of the
prettip?t homes In Alam^da County; it is
irotnc to go for half of Its real value; privs
$1000; Fmall payment down, balanre on easy
payments. MITCH EXER & BARTON, 1010
Bicaiiw^y, Oakland.
ALFALFA lands. etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; IcFpectnd bargains; monthly cata-
logue rent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market tt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RF.AI, ESTATE.
jTsT^vTi^T~YC»U^TR^LOo1«N^^roRl
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees y near
train and schools; only {2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5- room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park et.. Alameda.
$2&0 — NEW hocee of b rooms: Just finUhed.
Fair Oaks st. ( 12. of Caroline, Enclnal
Park Station.
J. H. YOUNG. OWNER & BUILDER.
1243 Park st.. Alamos,.
FKUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FHt'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1200— A SNAP; 4-room cottage; large lot, 75
xllO; easy terms.
$1000— 3-room cottage; lot R0x200; flno place
for chickens.
$2600 — A lovely new 2-story 6-room house. Just
j completed, situated In Frultvale; close to
train and car line; large lot.
$1200 — Cottage. 4 rooms and bath; bard fin-
ished; close to Twenty-thlrd-ave. station;
easy term*.
$1600— X good Investment; flat of 8 rooms;
rents for $13 per month; 2 lots. 23x100;
rtreet work all done; 3 minutes' walk
to train and street car.
$"000 — Cottage, ft rooms and bath; windmill
an-1 tank; owner sells water to neighbora
for $7 p*i«" month; Rtreet work and side- '
walks all completed.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO..
- llfil Twenty-third ave.,
J-iEt Oakland. Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m., July 30. August 4. 0. 14.
18. 24, 2J». Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — II
1 a. m.. July 30. August 4. 0. 14. 19. 24. 20.
: Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m. August 2, 8. 14, 20. 26; Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. July 30. August 5. 11. 17. 23. 29.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anareles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, l> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los .Angeles 'via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme. .
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 28. August 5, 13.
21. 2».
Ramona. 0 a. in.. August 1. 9, 17. 25.
For Ensen»ila, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
""TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery stceet (Palace Hotel), lo Market street and
Broadway wharf. •
Freight office. 10 Market street.
CD. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR NOME!
Low Passenger and Freight Rates.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's .Popu-
• lar Steamship
SENATOR
"7^ Will Leave Se&ttla
August 2, Q a. m.
Steamship Queen.' leaving San Francisco July
CO. at 0 a. m.. will make direct connection.
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pa«s. Agt.
J. H. COOPER, Gen. Freight Agent.
. .10 Market Street. , ',
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. l.li; 21. 31. "Georr*
W. Elder" nails July 27. Aug. «. ... 2«. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail. »t LOWEST RATES. - Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Bpear st. at n. a. m. Z. F. BOOTH
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery it.- C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt Fit. lapt.. 3 Montgom*
fry, Bt. - "•
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO )
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHAMa
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe YHIogo)
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongklng with steamers for India, etc. No.
cargo received on hoard on day of sailing
S. 8. NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31 1903
8. S. AMERICA MARU. ..... . . ... ...
Wednesday. August 28. 1803
S. 8. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma--
nlla) Saturday. September 19. IMS
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. '.For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner Flr»L
.- W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIZ 6ENERALB TRANSATLANTIQOi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE -PARIS. Jt^tl-m.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of «<njara
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, >Jyiariig
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward- Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents.. 5 Montgomery avenue. San . Francisco. !
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ajsnt*. - j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAI* ESTATES.
$2000 — 6 ROOMS and bath; lot 60x120: street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$3C0 — Lots half block from Grovc-st. car line.
$5500— New S-room and bath; Hillegass Tract;
lot 52:6x159; this is a beautiful home and
In best residence district of Berkeley.
$2f*0 — 7 rooms and bath, on Channlng way;
street work done; 3 blocks from station.
$3500 — 7-room house, barn; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
$1650 — 6- room house, near College ave.; lot 40i
120.
J1000 — Lot 45x125. eaet Fide of Fulton street;
street work done.
J1C00 — 5 rooms and bath; 35x135;' Parker et.
$1600— 4-room cottage; lot 50x135. '
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
WHAT IS PERFECTION? •
This new 7-room house, with all modern
Improvements, including frescoed ceilings;
situated on the best street In town: price
$3500; terms, email caeh . payment, balance
Eame as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. . Lorln.
INVESTIGATE THIS. — — —
3-room cottage, pantry, toilet; city water;
close to car line; price $1100; terms, small
cash payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
THIS IS. ALL RIGHT.
New (>-rooni cottage, bath, toilet, stationary;
gas fixtures; clothe to station and street cars;
price $2500; terms, small cash payment, bal-
ance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorln.
BUSINESS and residence corner for sale In
Alam.Ja. the NE. corner of Central ave.
and Sixth et. 64 feet on Central ave. by
123 feet on Sixth 6t.. containing cottage ol
f. rocms. bath, patent closets, etc., on
Sixth st.; alro store building on corner with
living rooms; now doing a fair business: S.
P. narrow pause station opposite; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply or address
H C. BALLHEIMER. 601 Central ave., Ala-
meda. on premises.
J40O0—15O7 PRINCE st.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large 8- room house: high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lol
JM>xl35; street work complete; call and
inspect.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1600— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
high basement; nice let: close to" cars; $100
cash balance $15 per month. W. C. MO-
RAN. Lorin station. C C. EMSLIE. Ashby.
BARGAIN-*Well-built 10-room house; murt be
sold: owner leaving. 2433 Warring St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
OAK LA.-. II REAL. ESTATE.
$:>00 CASH and $50 a month buys what might
be termed a mansion; house of 8 rooms;
finished in curly redwood; paneled din-
ing-room with china closets and book-
cacea built therein; frescoed and deco-
rated: nickel and open plumbing; s-ur-
rounded by the finest homes In East Oak-
land; near the elcpant residence of F. M.
Smith, beautiful Arbor Villa: fine marine
view; lot 60x145; for sale at $3000 less
' than actual cash value; first come first
served.
J. S. MEYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$42.V) for a home that would cost $6000 to du-
plicate; lot SOxllG; - driveway, flowers,
palms;, fruit trees, summer house — in fact,
an ideal hom<*; th.» owner has been com-
pelled to Itave Oakland and must aell;
terms only *S00 cash and balance mort-
gage: house of S rooms and bath, modern
anf W aI ' nf!Ft new; Bvfia colonial style of
arJBhrMjture; first-class, neighborhood and
near th<» business center.
J. S MEYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3C00 — FORCED sale under mortgage; posi-
tively mufrt be *old at once: 10 rooms; lot
3<jxll5; Bunny frontage; close to school,
churches and local train; Poplar tt. ; cen-
tral; very desirable neighborhood; cosl
present owner over $1100. '
(3000 — Nearly new modern colonial cottage ol
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing: all ir
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sidewalks laid:
open lawn; choice residence location, neai
Grove st. ; fine barn, gravel driveway,
garden and a few fruit trees; must b«
mill; owner away: cannot be duplicated at
the price; must be sf-en to be appreciated;
terms of payment if desired.
$100 down, balance like rent; new colonial
house of 0 rooms and hath; Just com-
pleted; open lawn In front: 3 feet above
Ftreet rrudc: Merrimas or 28th st., neai
Grove. •
Send for new printed S-page catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
| 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2.'.O CASH AND $10 MONTHLY ~ ~
For 1 acre or 10 lots, sandy loam soil, covered
with fruit trees. 2 fine springs on the land,
2 blocks to electric road and across the street
from a nice public school: away from fcg»
and harsh winds; near a 90-f£*t boulevard;
an ideal location for a home; a few more
acres may be had adjoining: pome nice homes
surrounding; price In all $500.
$'_>75 carh. $8 50 monthly — New cottage ol
4 rooms; bath, pantry. clo«et.s, etc.; modern;
soil and location unsurpassed; adjoining East
Oakland; lot ?.5xl3S; more land can be had;
price in all. $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh" st.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. free. I H. Z. JONES
Owner. ' •
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
clsco for Oakland Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURNITURE: KOH'SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargain* in furni-
ture. H. Schellh3as. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOTS 50x125 at the station on graded streetx;
beautiful, trees; charming views; prices v«ry
low: only $8 to $12 a front foot; terms, 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; w!U
double In value; don't fail to see them: over
£0 lots sold recently; money advanced for
building purposes; send for Illustrated book-
let; agent on the ground Sundays.
LYOX & HOAG. ll<> Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 308
3d St.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
FELL, 22S — Sunny front con. suite, furn. for
hou»tkpg; $16; bath, gaB range; adults.
FOLSOM. 834— Bay-window and kitchen. $3 25
- per week.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gets ranees; Just newly fur-
nlshed. 1S30 Polk tt,
MISSION. 1917 — Large furnished sunny suite
housekeeping; gas range; other rooms.
NE. Ccr. Ellis and Webster— Corner: 4 fur-
nlfhfd housekeeping rooms; gas and bath;
rent low. ' -
STOCKTON, 120*1 — Model house, newly fur-
nished; front housekeeping rooms,; phone,
trus. bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cub«crlptlons has been established at lOOti
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Porn, and Unfurn.
A-A. — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Room* 3 and 4. Phono Jessie 447L -
FREE FREB
We locate you free of charge
- in Rooms with or without board, *
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.,
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN 18 ' TURK BT.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM : RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. •- .< ¦ ,
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 673 Market «t. (or No. \
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
\ $1 SO to $10 week: house open all night. .
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and S room apart-
ments for hkpg.; strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A, LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2. gents;
bath: running water; references. S30 Post st.
.BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suites, tingle; also ' furnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
Claud L. Mathews, 24, Washington. D. C.
•nd Amelia J. Tingle, 24, 4 Hyde place.
AuRtist- K. Holland. 30. Ill South Park, and
Gertrude G. Bank. 18, 1330 Turk street.
Ernest R. Klndler, 37. 7S9 Mission street,
and Dora E. F. Helm. 24. Mountain View.
John T. Rudden. 21, city, and Georglc Glb-
ncy. 18. city.
Vldal P. Pena, 3». Vacavllle, and Aneta
Schraitz, 29, 148 Chenery street.
Lino Castelli. 27, SOrt Seventh street. an-J
Anna Cojta, 20. &00 Seventh street.
BIRTHS—MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted.. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
,BECKMAX— In this city, to the wife of Her-
. - man Beckman. a eon.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, July 24, 1903, to the
wife of Henry Friedman, a daughter.
GEISEL— In this city. July 11. 1903. to the
wife of Eugen- E. Gelsel, a daughter.
HERRINd— In. this city. July 23, 1903. to the
wife of Tillman R. Herring (nee Mendelsohn) ,
a son.
MORSE— In this city. July 18. 1903, to the
wife of William S. Morse, a daughter.
MOTT— In Oakland, July 26. 1903, to the wife
of Percy Mott. a son^ • '
— died!
Allardt. George F. Nelson, Nels
' Brown. Este-lle-S. Packard, Robert A.
Demartlnl, Mary Peabody. Edward A.
Demmtck. Henry F. Perry, Nellie
Donoghue, Michael Perry, Sarah
\ Flske. Mrs. Elizabeth Riley. George
Gourley, Harry W. Romeo, Domlnick
Hamilton. John W. Rufnn. Bruno
.leaunot. Rose Spencer. Cordelia F.
Levlnson, Ada Stahle, Welcome M.
MeCarty. Gertrude E. Stevens. Lucy M.
MePherson. Elizabeth Tepper. Mr*. Emille
Marsh. Florence Woods. Madge
Murphy. George
ALLARDT— In Oakland, July 27, 1003. George
Frederick, beloved husband of Emma Allardt.
and father of Charles F.. Frederick A. and
Lottie Allardt. a native of Prussia, aged 70
years 5 months and 26 days.
BKUWN— In this city, July 26, 1803. Eatelle
S. Brown, beloved sister of Dr. C. D. and
Ada F. Brown and Mrs. A. M. Ewing.
CFuntral »crvlces Tuesday, July 28. 1WW,
at 9:43 o'clock, at her late residence, 021
Valencia street. Interment private.
DEMARTINI— In this city. July. 27. 1903.
Man', dearly beloved wife of James Demar-
tint, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L.
Franchl, and beloved sister of Felicia, Louis,
Linda Lculra, Guldo and Tlllle Franchl. a
native of Santa Rosa. Cal.. aged 19 years and
25 day*.
DEMMICK— In Vallejo, July 27. 1003. Henry
F., dear 1 -- beloved father of Edwin F. Dem-
mlck. and devoted father-in-law of Marie F.
Demmick. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 74
yearn and 7 months.
Erinterment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
funeral car connecting with steamer General
FrUble. Mission-street plet Ko. 1, Wednes-
day. July 20, 1903. at 2:30 n. m.
DONOGHUE— In this city. July 2rt. 1903.
Michael, beloved husband of the late Mrs.
Lucy Donoghue. and father of Kathtrine and
Cecilia Donoghue. a native of Armagh. Ire-
land, aced 7S yearn. A member of Gentle-
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church.
ET'The funeral will take place Wednesday.
July 29. from hlg late residence, 2804 Pine
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church. wh«»n?
a requiem mass w!l! be celebrated for the
1 repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero street*."
FISKE— In this city. July 27. lf>03. at her
r*«ldence. Mrs. Elizabeth A. Flske. belove-d
wife of the late Henry G. Fli>ke. and mother
of, Mr*. JunifF Dewinr, Mrs. Madison Dew-
Ing. Mrs. C. K. Ilarman and Mrs. W. P.
Todd.
GOURLEY— In Fruitvale, July 26. 1903. Harry
William, beloved son of W. H. and Nettle
May Gourley, and grandson of S. T. and
Kate Dodson. a native of California, aged
13 years 2 months and 24 days.
HAMILTON— In Oakland. July 27. 1003. John
William, beloved husband of Ary Ann Ham-
ilton, and father of Monroe Wlllard, Fred
G., Essie, Agn»s and Frank Hamilton, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 6t years 10 months
and 27 days. '
JEAUNOT— In San Leandro. July 25. 1903.
Rose Je-aunot. wife of Charles Jeaunot,
daughter or Louis and Rose Homeler, sister
of Mrs. J. Stoeer and Louis Homeier. and
mother of August and Dora Jeaunot. a native
of San Francisco, aged 29 years and 2
' months.
LEVINSON— In this city, July 27. 1£K)3. Ada.
Levlnson. dearly beloved daughter .of Fanny
Le.vinson, and sister of Mrs. S. A. Gyle of
Tehama and Julia and the late John Levln-
son. a native of Ssn Francisco.
(EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTY— In this city. July 25. 1903. Ger-
trude E., dearly beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Francis McCarty, sister of Theo-
bald M., Alice E. Beatrice M., Eveline G..
Frances M. and Carmellta G. McCarty and
Mrs. J. M. Crowley, and granddaughter of
Mrs. Cecelia McCormack. a native of San
Francisco, aged 18 ysars.
iprrriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at S:TO o'clock, from her late rest,
dence. 3211 Fill more street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church, corner of Green
and Steiner streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at !• o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. \
McPHERSON— In Oakland. July 27. 1903.
Elizabeth Low. beloved wife of John Me-
Pherson. mother of Mrs. I«u Traver* and
William MePherson. and daughter of Wil-
liam and Helen Gardiner, a native of *Dundee,
Scotland, agrd 42 years 2 months and 24 days.
MARSH— In Sulsun. July 23. 1903. Florence,
beloved wife of R. L. Marsh of Redding, and
daughter of A. J. Mayn't Id of Sulsun. a native
of California, aged 44 years and 1 day.
MURPHY— In this city. July 27. 19<tt. George,
beloved son 'of Catherine and the late Thomas
Murphy, and brother of Philip, Frank and
Thomss Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged l.'i years 1 month and 25 days.
(T7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at SMS o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Charles Bcrromfco Church.
- where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hi.* soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. July 2«. \Wn. Nels
Nelson, a native of Denmark, aged t;.1 years
10 months and 16. days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, July 29, at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.'
PACKARD— In the City and County Hospital.
July 27. 1003. Robert A. Packard, a native
of Georgia, aged M) years. " .
PEABODY — In this city. July 2«. 1903, Ed-
ward A., beloved husband of Pauline Pea-
body, a native of Plymouth, N. H., aged 39
years and 5 months. (Plymouth, >;. H.,
papers please copy.)
icyFrls'-Os and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 10 o'clock from his late residence, M17»i
Lombard street. Interment ¦ Mount Olivet
orfietery via 11:30 train from Third and
Townsend streets depot.
PKRRY— In thl* city. July 26. 1903. Nellie,
beloved wife of Oliver H. Perry, and sister
ot James. 1. Mackln. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years and 11 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros... 224-226 McAllister '
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PERRY— In this city. July 27. 1903. Sarah
Perry, beloved wife of the late David Perry,
and sifter Of the late Mrs. Dorethy Thorn
and the late Mrs. W. II. Little, a native of
Ireland, agfd CO years.
IDTRemalns stthe funeral Darlora of the
H. F. Maass Company, 1)17 Mission street.
RILEY— In this city, July 27. 1903, George
Rlley. a native of Ireland, aged 54 years. A
memtKir of Pacific Const Marine Firemen's
Union. ' ' " " ._ ¦
(TT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Wednesday) at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Theodor Dlerk*. 057- Mission street, be-
• tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ROMEO— In the City and County Hospital.
July 27, 1903. Dominick Romeo, & native of
Italy, aged 43 'years.
RUFFIN— In this city.' July 26. 1903. Bruno
Ruffin. a native of France.
1PT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 29, 1903. at 1 o'clock, from th»
undertaking, parlors of laechert, Duclos A
Co.. 62ft Broadway, thence to Union-square
Haft? 421 Post street, where services will be !
hMd under the auspices of 8. F. de P. M. La j
' Gaulolse. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. J
fiPENCER— In this city. July 27. 1903. Cordelia
Frances, beloved wife -of J. -E. Spencer, -and-
1 mother of Ida I^ee Spencer, a natU'e of Mln-
sourt. aged 09 year* H months and 1.1 day*.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully lnvlt<M to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), st 11- o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cytress Lawn Cemetery.
STAHLE— In this city.' July 27. 1903.' Welcome
Marie: belored infant daughter of F. r H. and
. Rose M- St»hle, . a native of San Francisco,
aged 1. year 7 months and 23 days.
STEVENS— In.. -East Oakland. July. 2«J. 1903. i
Lucy • M.. J beloved ' wife of the late G»org«>
|T~ NEAREST THE CITY "1
| im OFFICE'. 916 rvURKET ST. 'jf
F. J. Monahan, .- President. ¦ .
toiQlNAHAiN & CO.,
(inc.)
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2330-23*1 Mission St. Telephone Mission 31.
Steven*, and devoted mother of Frmnlt and
Gertrude Stevens and Mrs. F. Schmidt, a na-
tive of Boston. (Bojton papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. F. Schmidt. 1453 Oak
street, between Lyon street and Central ave-
nue Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TEPPER— In Oakland, at the German Alten-
helm. July 2tt, 1P03. Mrs. Emllie Tepper, sis-
ter of Edward Kummer of Petaluma. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 78 years 2 months alid
2 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday); at 2 o'clock, at the Ger-
man- Altenhetm. Frultvale. Cremation at
Oakland Crematorium.
WOODS— In the City and County Hospital.
July 27, 100.1. Madge Woods, a native of
California, ared 28 years.Central.
POOR old New York! Poor old 400!
What with Mr. Fitch's "climb
ers" of Gotham, the "frisky" Mrs.
Johnson and company, the Cen
tral's wonderful menagerie of
metropolltes, and now Mrs. Halnes" peo
ple in "Hearts Aflame." presented for the
first time here last evening at the Cali
fornia by the Neill-Moroscos, one is by
way of being grateful for the moral al
titudes of San Francisco. The "bong
tong" in fact begins to be tiresome. It
does precisely the same thing in precisely
the same way through play after play.
In Mrs. Haines' play it disports itself af
ter the manner of Mr. Fitch— almost as
Ingeniously In the first and second acts—
and there Is a general "done before" feel
ing about the thing. One finds in It the
same light regard for the sanctltites of
life, the same gayly Irreverent/outlook.-
Marriage is a jest, friendship a fraud and
envy, boredom and vulgarity color the
whole atmosphere. Poor old 400!
Mechanically Mrs. Haines has managed
to put her story quite attractively In the
first two acts. The dialogue goes not
badly and the plot unfolds clearly and
logically. With more style and speed in
performance the play would go not un-.
Mr. Oberle has the ungrateful role of
Mrs. Harmony's ". erring husband and
brings to it considerable discretion and
capacity. George Soule Spencer is a con
scientious Paul Charterls, rather naive in'
his assumption of the man of the world
role, but pleasing. One^of, the best bits
of. the performance : is Miss Elsie Es
mond's Alison Deyo and Miss Hartstone's
dainty Mrs. Alec Dunbar, and the Helena
Lloyd of' Miss Oberle were both clever.
The rest all filled in, .acceptably, and
Sincerity and conscientiousness rather
than style and smartness were the char
acteristics of the performance. The
Nelll-Moroseos bring- a "good deal ' of
oddly earnest effort to their work and
the play owes not a little to- them. Miss
Lillian Kemble, who. as Mrs. Harmony,
has "the leading role. Is commendably
sincere in her methods. ' Style she has
none. Her bearing . is awkward, her
gowns ungraceful, her diction faulty, yet
there is a vitality, earnestness about Miss
Kemble's work that goes a long way to
please. She has temperament' and force
that need pruning and direction, and
meantime there \ is abundant promise or
better things. ¦ , • '
pleasingly so far. The third act,, with its
crowded and Incongruous incident and
general "talkiners," falls down consider
ably. But, as a whole, the play seemed
to please the' audience, .which was a large
and friendly one.
"Hearts Aflame" should see good houses
this week.
There are a number of Interesting,
amusing and decidedly funny pecpls
showing at the Orpheum this week.
Among those who show by their work
that they are beadllners in vaudeville aro
Ethel Levey, James J. Morton, the Or
pheus Comedy Four, the Three Polos and
Claude Gllllngwater and company.
Robert Black, a laborer, employed on
a new building in course of erection on
Kilts street, had the bone of his right
thigh broken yesterday by the falling of
planks from a sling. The limb was set
at the Emergency Hospital, after which
lilack was removed to his heme, 713 Eliz
abeth 6treet.
*¦ Injured by Falling Planks.
Clyde Fitch's "The Climbers" was pre
sented again very successfully at the Co
lumbia Theater last night by Amelia
Bingham and her company. The work of
practically every member of the cast was
excellent and all were generously ap
plauded. The attendance might have been
better, but what the audience lacked in
numbers was counterbalanced by its en-
Columbia.
Captain Exton, Fifteenth Infantry, has
been appointed statistical officer of the
departmental small arms practice at Be
nicia next month. Colonel Hardle left yes
terday to inspect the ranges preparatory
to* the arrival of the competitors. Cap
tain Charles D. Howland has arranged
an elaborate scoring system which will
greatly facilitate the compilation of the
various marksmen's records.
Prepare for Small Arms Practice.
Bank Stock papci saves the sight. Best for
school use. All first-class dealers sell It. *
There is a lot of good dancing In the
whimsical "In Wall Street." now running
at the Grand; also songs that catch the
ear and provoke smiles; oddities and
quips sufficiently numerous to crowd tfia
piece from end to end.
Grand Opera-House.
The Merced-Santa Fe Route passes
Bowers Cave, New Inspiration and Oh
My Points and through the Merced and
Tuolumne Big Tree Groves. The stage
passes through a tunnel cut in the
"Dead Giant" of the Tuolumne Grove.
It's the scenic way. Special low rate
tickets. Including all expenses for a
seven or ten days' trip. All about
?it at the Santa Fe. 641 Market st. •
YOSEMITE VALLEY
In One Way and Out Another Over
the Double Loop of the
Merced-Santa Fe.
"Under the Red Globe'* continues to
pack Fischer's Theater and last night
there was not an empty seat. It goes
with a swing and a dash from the rise to
the fall of the curtain. Kolb. Dill and
Bernard, the funmakers, introduced some
new Jokes last night which were extreme
ly funny and Bernard made a hit with
his parodies on popular songs.
Fischer's.
Murine Eye Remedy cures Sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine don't
smart; it soothes Eye pain. •
The three Kuhns. novelty musicians;
Maude Still, a dainty soubrette; the great
Zano, an up-to-date magician, and Mexias
and Mcxias, "the clown and his dog."
were new at the Chutes yesterday and
made hits at both performances. Tbs
three Malverns, sensational acrobats: Al
vlno, a novelty banjoist, and new moving 1
pictures shown by the animatoscope com
pleted an unusually strong programme.
The amateurs will appear on Thursday
night.
Chutes.
Camille d'Arville demonstrates that sha
is a capable comic opera artist in her im
personation of the part of Lady Con
stance Sinclair in "The Highwayman.*
which began its second week at the Tlv
oli last night with a well filled house.
Miss d'Arville's beautiful voice Is heard
to advantage, her top notes being of ex
ceptionally fine tone. Her dramatic abil
ity cannot be lost sight of in the admira
tion which her vocal art commands.
Tivoli.
Trouble Among Female Strikers.
There is a strike on at Ames & Harms'
bag factory at Sacramento and Drumm
streets. Two of the girl strikers, each 18
years of age, were arrested yesterday by
Policeman Ingham on a warrant issued
by Police Judge Conlan charging them
with battery.. The complaining witness
is Agnes Snepper, who has taken the
place of one of the strikers. She alleges
that the two defendants beat her and
scratched her face yesterday morning.
They were each released on $10 cash
bail.
In "The Manxman," that brinlly pa
thetic dramatization of Hall Calne's
story. White Whittlesey finds a role that
fits him, and the audience finds a Whit
tlesey without the mannerisms that have
always given the critics more pain to
mention than it gave the actor to read.
As the loving, unsuspicious husband of a
woman who spends her time in see-saw
ing from her husband to her lover and
from her lover back again to her hus
band, he was all that could be desired
from an artistic view point, and the aud
ience—an extra large one— testified its
surprise and delight by calling the princi
pals before the curtain at the close of
each act. Miss Bertha Creighton more
than made good on her previous good rec
ord as a convincing actress and played
the somewhat inconsistent role with a
fidelity to the author's conception that
brought forth that highest tribute to act
ing—the handkerchief and the tear. , The
support was excellent. Oza Waldrop, the
Nancy of the cast, played in her usually
excellent vein without any striving after
the comic effort, the resistance of which
temptation speaks Trell for her apprecia
tion of the fitting. The villain of the
piece — a unique, remorseful villain by the
way — was In the capable • hands of
Charles Wyngate, the Philip Christian,
who keeps on sinning and sniveling his
grief because of it at the same time. The
woman in the case and he, when they
come together, seem to convert them
selves into pathetic sprinkling machines.
The erring woman's father, Caesar Cre
gan, a hypocrite, was ably portrayed by
George Osbourne, who is infinite in his
variety.
Alcazar.
The three Lansings, pleasing vocalists*
who also play on many novel instruments;
Van Fossen and McCauley, a very amus
ing black-face team, and Mounts and
Delmar, clever sketch artists, the new
comers at Grauman's. were accorded a
warm reception by a large audience last
night. The rest of the bill. Including
Little Blossom, the coon song shouter;
Lester and Curtin, comedy acrobats;
Hank Whltcomb, imitator of animals and
birds; Hathaway and Walton, singers and
dancers; Clinton Montgomery, the de
scriptive baritone, and the bioscope, show
ing new moving pictures, proved very ac
ceptable to the clientele established at
Grauman's. The matinees given every
day are well attended.
Grauman's.
thuslasm. In the part of Mrs. Sterling
Miss Blngham fs irreproachable. Wilton
Lackaye is also adding greatly to bis
fame In the part of Mr. Sterling. W. I*
Abingdon as Edward Warden does re
markably well. The others of the com
pany furnish admirable support for the
leaders.
as Marlon, the daughter of Rizardo. fur
nished two distinct portrayals, each with
artistic excellence. Edwin Emery played
well the congenial part of the young
country gentleman, and George P. Web
ster contributed a good bit of a character
sketch In Farmer Mason. Miss Myrtle
Vane, In the soubrette role of Bessie, was
charming, and Millar Bacon made the
most of the> fine comedy part of the young
barrister. George NIcholls had the un
grateful part of a villainous French colo
nel, and Little Ollie Cooper was pleasing
in a small boy character. The comedy of
the play 13 keen and bright, and the
whole performance possesses sterling
merit. . \
The Judge sentenced Newman to p-iy a
fine of 510 on the charge of disturbing the
peace and said he would postpone sen
tence on the charge of battery upon Ar
thur Chambers, a clerk at the consulate,
for thirty days, warning Newman that if
he created any disturbance again at the
consulate he would be very *t-vercly pun
ished. Newman's attorney promised
that he would not again visit the consu
late.
The Judge said he very much regretted
that counsel should have chosen to ask
New man such questions, because," no mat
ter how conscious the Consul or his
friends might be of his innocence, it
placed him in a very embarrassing posi
tion to have such charges made by u man
even of the caliber of the defendant.
Vice Consul Moore then testified to
Newman having used most vulgar and
profane language at the consulate last
Wednesday in the presence of ladles and
others.
I never saw that man in my life' before. I
never Invited him to come to my ofUce on
oincial or private business nor did I ever see
him at his home. I did not know that such
* creature existed. I never had any conversa
tions witl'. him a* to shipping fees for sailors.
1 never authorized any one to solicit money
irom him tor such a purpose. If it came to
my knowledge that any clerk in my office did
Hich a thing his position would be vacated
within an hour, and so ll would be with myself.
Attorney Bert Schlesinger, who repre
sented the British Consul, asked that Air.
Bennett be allowed to refute the state
ments made by Newman. Mr. Bennett, in
answer to questions, said when Newman
was pointed out to him:
The case of disturbing the peace against
Newman on the complaint of Wellesley
Moore, the British Vice Consul, came up
for trial and when It was called Attorney
Archie Campbell, on behalf of the defend
ant, said that the defendant was willing
to admit he might have been boisterous
and Indiscreet and would plead guilty.
Courtenay W. Bennett, the British Con
sul, had an opportunity of denying under
oath in Police Judge Cabanlss' court yes
terday the statements made under oath
by T. J. Newman, proprietor of a sailors'
boarding-house at 76 Jackson street, last
Thursday that the British Consul had
called at his boarding-house on more than
one occasion and had suggested that bm
his salary was not sufficient to keep up
his social position Newman should pay
him $5 on each sailor shipped from his
boarding-house so as to gtt the protection
of the consulate.
Proprietor of Sailors' Board
ing House Pleads
Guilty. *
Declares Under Oath He
Never Spoke to
Newman.
BRITISH CONSUL
DENIES CHARGES
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: TUESDAY, JULY £6, 1905.
" H EARTS AFLAM E" CLEVERLY PLAYED
AT CALIFORNIA BY NEILL-MOROSCO
QUARTET OF TIVOLI CHARMERS; ONE OF THE TALENTED WOMEN OF THE NE1LL-MOROSCO COMPANY
NOW PLAYING AT THE CALIFORNIA. AND A CLEVER LITTLE ACTRESS WHO IS PLAYING A BOY'S
PART AT THE CENTRAL.
,The Central Theater achieved another
extraordinary success last night In the
production of the powerful romantic
drama, "A Lion's Heart," which, from
prologue to the closing scene, enthused
and delighted a house that was packed to
the doors. Thunders of applause reward
ed - Henscrhel Mayall and his fellow play
ers for their splendid work, and there
were repeated curtain calls. The pro
logue of "A Lion's Heart" is a novelty in
stage scene, picturing life behind the
curtain, in the green room of a French
circus. The performers are attired for
the ring, and amid the trappings of tin
sel and show is enacted the first chapter
of a story seldom equaled for dramatic
intensity, and noticeable for its originality
of plot. The succeeding acts are' laid in
France and New Caledonia, .and advan
ttge ha3 been taken of the opportunity
for picturesque stage settings. Upon the
character of Rizardo, the lion tamer, of
course, devolves In no small degree the
interest of the play, and Herschel May
all's interpretation was forcible, vigorous
and admirably convincing. Henry Shu
mer, as Gaspard'Dobre, the destroyer of
Rizardo's home, was at his best, and
Miss Eugenia Thais Lawton, first as
Louise, the faithless wife, and afterward
14
I . Our Repository, Market and Tenth streets, contained eight, hundred and sixty-four vehicles the night of the fire, July |
I • 8th. Two hundred and fourteen of these were a total loss. One hundred and sixty were badly damaged. Four hun- |
§ dred and ninety vehicles are damaged by smoke and water only,^and are ready to run. In this lot are Buggies, Carriages, Carts, . |
I Open Delivery Wagons, Top Delivery Wagons, and in ,' fact everything 'on wheels. - |
g Every vehicle in the building bears a tag showing:the former.price;and the present sd Some are marked to sell at |
I ten per cent of the first cost, some more and some less. The- salebf these venicles, begins |
I 1 TUESDAY MOANING, JUL.Y 28th, at Y\a\f Past Nine | j
I and will continue during the week until every vehicle in the buildingfis sold. :¦¦;/ |
I An opportunity equal to this has never occurred on the Pacific Goast.and from our standpoint we sincerely trust it will never |
g occur again. We advise as many as can to bring with them^a- competent carriage^mechanic, ias you will find in most instances that a i
P % few dollars' repairs expended will give you a vehicle 'worth many- times:its;cbst ; --^1 M% «
§ Terms of Sale, CASH. Goods will be ready for delivery as sbonas^ the sale ends. |
| STUDEBAl^EFi BROS. COMPANY OF CALT [
r_ ADVEBTISEKENTS.
Three months old
And Sadly Afflicted with Ecze-
ma Quickly Cured by
Cuticura.
Grateful Mother Cannot Express
Her Heartfelt Thanks.
"• My son became afflicted with ecze-
ma at the age of three months and I
wu sorely perplexed. I vrent to see
eerer&l doctors about It but they did him
no good, so I tried the Cuticura Reme-
dies according to directions and began
to notice a rapid core. . So pleased
war* with the success that I continued,
and now I am so grateful to the Cuti-
cura Remedies that i *cannot express
my heartfelt thanks He Is now two
years old and all cured with no sign
or Cie disease returning. Great thanks
to the Cuticura Remedies."
Feb. 19, 1903. Mrs. II. Genest,
1SS5 Van Baren St., Chicago, I1L
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.00
For Torturing Disfiguring Humours,
From Pimples to Scrofula,
From Infancy to Age.
The agonizing itching and burning
of the skin, as in eczema; the frightful
scaling, as In psoriasis ; the loss of hair
. and cresting of the scalp, as in scalled
bead ; the facial disfigurement, as in
pimples and ringworm ; the awful suf-
fering of Infants, and anxiety of worn-
ont parents, as in milk crust, tetter
and salt rheum, — all demand a remedy
of almost superhuman virtues to suc-
cessfully cope with them. That Cuti-
curs Soap, Ointment and Pills are such
etands proven beyond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
Is not Justified by the strongest evi-
dence. The purity and sweetness, the
power to afford immediate relief, tbo
certainty of speedy and permanent cure,
the absolute safety and great economy
have made them the standard skin enres
and humour remedies of the civilized
world.
fold tfenjsztioot tfct we'i . CatlrBra R*»o1t»l t. SOa.
tin fane of ctwroUt* C«sir4 Pill*. Me. p*r nil of HOJ,
Ointment. 4Or . ho«p. tie. Dcvnu i Ix>nd«n, V Chart**
btwt bq.: rim.iiUu<tl>r>iii tto»ion. is: Golun*
tea In. Potter l)-uc * t. fa.m . C«rp.. Sole Prop*.
tOT fend for " Mow to Curt Evtrj liumuur ."'
I Guaranteed Pure.
I None So Good*
ij Sold Etsr$teberc*
Cfrman Eye Water, a. harmleca
r^gy| r j3J3' remedy. 5Oc; by maii. «Cc. CAU-
'-rf***^flj_j3*' TION — Th* pcr.u:n» Ix-ar* s>f*rn«-
turf of Gfo. Mayerle. also tra'ip-
rnark — eye vrlth a crown. GEO.
MATERLE. German Expert Optician. 1671
Market. San Francisco. Ca!. Phone South r>72.
ADVERTISEBDENTS.
Opening Days of the
New Bii£ Store*
We are here to stay and prepared to
give every Man, Boy and Child who
visits us a full dollar's worth for every
dollar spent. Our new, well-lighted
salesroom contains the largest variety
of entirely new clothfng of all grades
ever shown in this city. It is oi£
policy to give with every dollar spent
a dollar's worth overflowing with
value. Visit the great wholesale es-
tablishment now and save money.
WHOLESALE Ml IUM AM RETAILING
CLOTniERsi J|)1LILL U 1 JlAn direct to you
51© 518MARKET SF-flilCOW