FRENCH BARK FRANCOIS COPPEE IS LOST OFF POINT REYES
AND THIRTEEN OF THE ILL-FATED CRAFT'S CREW ARE MISSING
' s \<t THE/ .
* V* /V / ¦
. rorecast made at Ban Prnn
cisco Sot , tMrty hours endiaff
siidnUAt,' Jfbvem'bex S3:
- " San Tfancisco and vicinity—
C^iafly Monday, probably show
ers; fresh southerly wind.
G. K. W3XX.SO2T.
Local Forecaster.
-^v ¦ Continued on Page 3, Columns 2 and 3.
Continued on Page 3, Column 4. 1
Rathbone, when appointed to a high
position in the island of Cuba, and -his
wife, who is the possessor of many
charms, became the nucleus of the isl
and's highest society. They feted and
they dined the Cuban social element
and in turn were feted and dined 'by
their island friends. Mrs. Rathbone
quickly became the social leader 1 of
Cuba. ' . .
.When Mrs. Wood arrived upon the
Tha wife of General Woo-1 and the
wife of Major Rathbone are the stars of
this drama.
It appears from the statements of this
ex-officlal, a man whom there is every
reason to believe, that personal feeling
prompting a personal fight i* at 'the
bottom of the great expose, or great in
justice, resulting from the recent Cuban
postal trials. And the persons impli
cated In the fight for social supremacy
are none other than those that fought
the question of rght or wrong In the
fraud cases.
This astounding declaration was
made by a former Cuban postofflce offi
cial, who is now a resident of Indian
apolis, and who, it Is likely, will be
called as a witness before the Senate
committee.
Wood-Rathbone Vendetta Due to So
cial Aspirations of Wives.
CHICAGO, Nov. 22.— An Indianapolis
special to the Chronicle says:
"It was the Jealousy of a woman who
had vied in vain for the center of the
social stage that instigated the great
Cuban postal scandal, and, In vindica
tion of his part In it, Major Rathbone
is now preferring charges against'Gen
eral Wood with the Senate Committee
on Military Affairs."
BIVAL WOMEN CAUSE FEUD.
Schooner Scotia Saves Five
. Sailors Adrift in an
Open Boat.
With eighteen souls aboard^ the French bark Francois Cop
pee was wrecked last Friday night off Point Reyes. A small
boat .containing five of the seamen was picked up Saturday by
the schooner Scotia, from San Francisco, and put ashore at
Bourne's Landing, or, as it is also known, Bowen's Landing, on
the southern Mendocino County shore. The remainder of the
crew.is missing. [: " . . .
News of the disaster reached this city early last evening. De
tails were, difficult to obtain owing, to the lack of telegraphic and
telephonic communication with Bourne's Landing and conflicting
reports of the number of men saved and missing and of the way
in which the bark was lost were wafted along the local water
front. The . .-Merchants' Exchange exhausted its resources
in an endeavor to get authentic particulars of the wreck, but with
The Francois Coppee was bound frorn % Newcastle, l N. S. \V.,
to this port with coal consigned to Bal four, -Outline & Co., and
was seventy-nine days out .when she encountered her fate in the
dense fog that has enveloped the northern coast for longer than a
week. At the Point Reyes lighthouse the people knew nothing or
the wreck until they were informed of it last evening by The
Call, nor had the calamity been heard of at any of the coast towns
to w r hich inquiry was wired. The nearest telephone station to
Bourne's Landing is at Gualala. on the Sonoma-Mendocino line,
and the operator there had received no intelligence of the wreck
until he was advised of it from this city.
Three years ago the Francois Coppee was launched at Xante*,
France. She is a fair type of the immense fleet # of iron sailing
FRENCH BARK FROM NEWCASTLE FOR SAN FRANCISCO WHICH
WAS ABANDONED NEAR POINT RETE3 AND THIRTEEN OP
WHOSE CREW ARE IN A MISSING BOAT.
. So. cunningly has the loan bill, been
framed, by the machine's henchmen
that in every provision Is a loophole
for "graft." Incidentally it conceals a
trap which is intended to ensnare
Mayor Weaver. The leaders of the dis
organization are using this bill to force
him to show his attitude toward the
machine. .
- The bill! provides for an appropriation
of $8,000,000 for { a continuation of the
work on " fllteration plans, and In this
Item lies the chief raid oh the city
treasury. Of this $8,000,000 the machine
Is scheming to get at least $2,000,000 for
its henchmen." -
' There Vlsi provision ¦ for an outlay j of
$5,000,000 for the -Improvement of streets
and' small parks.. Here the "grafters"
expect to get about $1,500,0001; '
1 The "bill provides for. the expenditure
of $1,000,000 ion 'the widening • the
Delaware. River- channel, and here
again the "machine is plotting to make
$200,000 or J $300,000. *
; Out of a. provision of $2,500,000 for^new;
schools 'the - "grafters" are • plotting to
get at least $500,000." ; "_ .
' ¦ Thomas ¦L*" Hicks, former Postmaster
of Philadelphia,* believes it is'a fmodest
"estimate A to place r the"flgures of .the ex
"pectedj loot 'at $5,000,000. % He bases Ithls
estimate : on? facts 'and figures gathered
In' months of work.
It is generally known that If the loan
bill goes through it will mean that at
the very least one-fifth of the $25,000,000
will fall into the pockets of a gang of
"grafters." Indeed, there are many
well-Informed men. in the city who be
lieve that the corrupt machine will
never stop at a theft of $5,000,000, but
will pocket no less than double this,
amount. ¦ ¦'"..
Special Dispatch to The Call
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 22.— This city
is confronted to-day by a $5,000,000
theft. Only the most* heroic measures
on the part of graft-ridden people can
stay the hand of the' plunderers. The
plot to loot the city treasury of this
vast sum is 'concealed in" a $25,000,000
loan bill that Is to be railroaded
through the Council, and if necessary
passed over the veto of Mayor Weaver.
The political machine that dominates
the entire municipal government has
hatched it for the sole purpose of mak
ing the' greatest raid it has ever had
the effrontery to undertake.
Several neighbors, among them Rob
ert Filmore, claimed to have seen him
just before his disappearance and F,il
more later said, when closely ques-.
tloned,, that : he had seen a telegram
from Cartier stating that he was sick
at Los*Ange.les In*a hospital. This re
port was soon proven false. Filmore
also reported having stated ; that Car
tier had been robbed, murdered and
that the body was buried. \ Several ar
rests were made, but.nothlng proven.
Filmore left home soon after and his
wife followed, g Since then -their where
abouts has ; not been, known. Teri
months ago hunters found blankets be
longing to Cartier hidden 200 . yards,
from his house, but a thorough search
failed to reveal the body.
- This morning J.' Berges.r a leader in
the French colony of Salinas, received
startling news over the telephone frdm
San Juan. • Constable Zanetti asked If
he knew Alexander Cartier, and , where
the man was supposed.to be. . Berges
gave information of the missing man
and Zanetti reported that a young man
named Patrick, while hunting quail on
the, top' of. the grade of San Juan Hill,
in a place known as Robbers Roost and
Devils Hole,. ten miles from here, came
upon a skeleton dresse'd In a man's
clothing among," the dense chaparral. : : ; •
A search brought to light a card with
the name, "Alexander Cartier, Sallri
•as"; a', memorandum . book with the
same name and > names. of several peo
ple, of Salinas; a receipt for
paid by Alexander j Cartier to BorgesV&
Garrlserre of Salinas and v other papers,
tending to 'show that the remains; are
those : of the missing French-, rahther.
No -gun, nor money were found on or
near the remains. ¦ \ . ' . , , r . ¦
f This news at: once revived the 'belief
among the members of the French' col
ony that Cartier had been murdered fdr
his money. • Sheriff . r Nesbitt of ; this
county was notified and? will; leave ,' in
the morning for San; Juan.'Jiaving sent
a request to the Sherjff. and f Coroner of
San Benito County, as ;R<5bbers Roost
is " a half mile ' overf the "line, < to ? let? the'
remains rest where : found^ till he: and
•others arrive. \ :.'
SALINAS, Nov. 22.-On May 24, 1901.
a prominent French rancher named
Alexander, Cartier, residing near
Prunedale. disappeared from his home
under circumstances which strongly
pointed toward foul play.
Special Dispatch t<? The Call
POLITICIANS
LOOTING THE
QUAKER CITY
BONES TELL
OF FARMER'S
GRIM FATE
The nature of sensational evidence
to be produced by Rathbone against
Wood was last night made known by
former Havana officials, who it is prob
able will be called upon to testify be
fore the Senate committee which fs in
vestigating the charges. This evidence,
it is claimed, will show that Rathbone
has every reason for vindication of, the
court* charges against him and that
Wood is to be held accountable*^ for
many acts which, to say the least, de
mand Investigation.
This plainly showed the spirit of
Wood; As far as Rathbone was con
cerned he .was an Inferior officer and,
of course, had to bow to the Inevitable.
This is not to say that Rathbone is en
tirely Innocent of the charges made
against him by Wood, or that Wood's
actions are to be censured. The inves
tigation now /in progress will decide
that.
Six months before the postal investi
gation was even thought of Wood re
marked in the presence^of the Indian
apolis man heretofore quoted:
"They (Neeley .and Rathbone) have
come down here to make money, and I
shall see that they don't do it."
GOVERNOR WOOD'S THREAT.
"At the height of the Dreyfus affair,
the daughter of a Marquis, one of the
most famous in the French nc-billty»
was t.aken ill and was sinking rapidly.
A crisis came in the girl's condition and
Pasteur Institute was called upon to
send Dr. Marmorek immediately. He
went, injected his new serum and the
patient recovered. .
"In 1898 Dr. Marmorek began work in
secret upon his investigation of tuber
culosis bacilli. For four years he made
almost Incessant experiments. Two
years ago he became satisfied, that he
was in possession, of the secret which
had so long lain hidden from scientists.
"Dr. Marmorek was called to treat
Prince Henry of Pless, who was ill with
tubercular disease. His condition was
considered hopeless after the court phy
sicians had exhausted all their skill.
Dr. Marmorek went .to the bedside of
the Prince and subjected-hlm to a series
of treatments with his serum. Prince
Henry recovered entirely and Is In good
health to-day." .
scene she Immediately instituted "a. con
test to wrest - the social laurels from
Mrs. Rathbone. Her position as wife
of the Military Governor of the island
gave her a, prominence and advantage
that Mrs. Rathbone did .not enjoy; yet,
despite all this", she failed to dislodge
Mrs. Rathbone from her eminent social
pedestal.
From, a pseudo friendly passage at
arms the contest between the two as
pirants for social leadership grew to
dangerous proportions. The mutual
dislike of the wives of the two officials
came to the surface and forced issues
between the husbands.
"Dr." Marmorek," said Professor Gb'tt
heil, to-day, "is barely 38 years of age.
He was born In Austria and studied
medicine in Vienna, where he received
his degree. After several years as one
of the leading surgeons in the Austrian
capital he became interested in the
field of asepsis and entered the clinic
of Pasteur. Almost at the beginning
of this course he astounded the heads
of the institute by the discovery of an
antidote for puerperal fever, which ap
peared in therapeutic treatises as the
•Mafmorek cure.' In 1894 he was made
chef Ide laboratoire of Pasteur Insti
tute. '
NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— Dr. Alexander.
Marmorek, whose discovery of a serum
whjch he claims has cured tuberculosis
has just been announced in Paris, de
clares through a friend in this city that
he bases his claim in part upon a long
series of experiments, « ne of which was
the cure of no less a person than Prince
Henry of Pless, sci jn of the princely
house of Germany. Among other cures
claimed for Dr. Marmorek is that of a
Carmelite nun, in attending whom he
became, perhaps, the only man who
ever penetrated Into the forbidden pre
cincts of the convent of Our Lady of
Carmel. The data of Dr. . Marmorek's
experiments and their results are given,
on the authority of 'Dr. Richard Cfott-'
hell, professor of Semitic languages at
the Columbia University, a closd friend
of Dr. Marmorek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On November 18 General Wood start
ed on an expedition against a body of
2000 Moros, who are In the mountains
back of Tablibi. No news of this
movement has yet been received..
General Wood has under him two
battalions of the Twenty-eighth Infan
try, one of the Twenty-third, a platoon
of Captain George G. Gatleys' battery,
two troops of the Fourteenth Cavalry
and a detachment of engineers. Ma
jor Scott was assisting with a force
composed of three companies of the
Seventeenth Infantry, a platoon of
Captain D. J. Rumbough's battery and
a troop of the Fourteenth Cavalry.
The rebel forces have been literally
destroyed by these operations. General
Wood says the indications are that
there will be no extension of the ris
ing, which was handled without diffi
culty.
ANOTHER BATTLE PROBABLE.
The rebel position was attacked on
the flank by the American trcops, which
occupied the town and inflicted a loss
of fifty killed on the Moros. Hassen,
with a small pa"rty, surrendered. The
rest of the Moros went into a swamp,
out of which they were driven on No
vember 16, leaving seventy-six dead
behind them. On November 17 the
American force renewed the attack on
the retreating Moros, of whom forty
more were killed.
The fighting took place In a country
covered by swamps and rocks. The
Moros were driven across the country
from Siet Lake to the town which Haa
sen had made his headquarters and
where it was reported that the Moros
were 2000 strong.
HASSEN IS BECAPTUBEI).
Major Scott was taking Panglima
Hassen, the Moro leader, who had been
taken prisoner, to Jolo. While en route
Hassen asked to be allowed to see^his
family. His appeal was granted and
he thereupon led Major Scott into an
amtruah. where the American detach
ment was fired upon. Major Scott was
shot in both hands. Hassen succeeded
In escaping during this unexpected at
tack.
General 'Wood landed near Siet Lake,
in Jolo, on November 12. The Moros
were soon located and fighting began
immediately and continued until No
vember 17. .
MANILA, Nov. 23.— Three hundred
Moros are known to have been killed
and many others were carried off dead
or wounded as a result of five days' se
vere fighting in Jolo between the
American troops under Major General
Wood and the insurgents. Major H.
L. Scott of the Fourteenth Cavalry and
five American privates were wounded.
Admiral Coghlan has telegraphed to
the Navy Department the departure of
General Reyes, the Colombian peace
The Colombian commissioners from
the State of Bolivar, Donieco Jiminez
and Antonio Blanco, who came to the
United States by way of Galveston,
Tex., arrived at Washington to-day.
The party went at once to call on Dr.
Herran. the charge of the Colombian
legation, with whom f -hey spent the
greater portion of the evening. The
commissioners have no diplomatic func
tions whatsoever, said Dr. Herran to
night, and whatever report they take
back to their own country will be made
to the Governor of Bolivar only. Should
the latter desire to do so, he will trans
mit the information obtained to Bo
gota.
The Panama commissioners, Dr. Am
ador and Mr. Boyd. left the city this
morning, presumably for New York,
where Btinau-Varilla. *he Minister from
Panama, had preceded them.
Hon. Henry L. Wilson, the United
States Minister to Chile, in a dispatch
to the State Department, reports that
the action of the United States In isth
mian affairs Is receiving the support
and sympathy of the press and leading
politicians and people of that country.
They look with favor on the acts of the
United States and express the opinion
that it has acted rightly in isthmian
affairs. The people of Chile are In fa
vor of the construction of the canal,
Wilson says.
The Minister's dispatch makes no ref
erence as to the time when he intends
to leave Bogota on the leave of absence
granted him by the State Department.
No uneasiness is felt by the department
for the Minister's personal safety.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— The press
of Colombia continues to severely crit
icise and denounce the American Gov
ernment for its action in isthmian mat
ters and the recognition of the republic
cf Panama. This is shown in a dis
patch received at the State Department
last night from Minister Beaupre at
Bogota. President Roosevelt, the
United States Congress and the Amer
ican people are the targets of violent
denunciation.
Press and People Approve Wasning-
ton's Panama Policy
CHILE SIDES WITH AMERICA
I cal'.ed at the United States legation
to-day and had a personal interview
with Beaui>re. He assured me he was
satisfied ¦with the arrangements that
had been made by the Colombian Gov
ernment to insure his safety and that
of his family and other American sub
jects at Bogota. A guard is still main
tained about the legation.
The German Minister to-day gave a
banquet to the Colombian Ministers of
War and Foreign Relations, during
which he said that he deplored the oc
currences on the isthmus of Panama.
Discussing the situation, the Bogota
press asks that, in case an amicable
agreement should be reached between
the Government and Panama, the ca
r.al treaty be ratified and political and
administrative autonomy be granted to
Panama, the former department re
maining in the United States of Colom
bia only for the purpose of dealing with
international questions.
*
BOGOTA, Nov. 21. — Pending the ar
rival of General Reyes In Washington
great military preparations will con
tinue. In high official circles, as well
as among' the people, the greatest en
thusiasm over the expected recovery of
the isthmus exists. It is believed that
General Reyes will purely effect satis
factory arrangements, otherwise the
Colombian army is unanimously in
favor cf marching overland and re
establishing Colombia's integrity.
Carlos Rico, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, in his latest note to United States
Minister Beaupre says:
"If the United States prevents the
disembarking of Colombian troops to
the isthmus, thereby violating the
treaty of 1846, the world's civilization
will suffer more than a passing inter
ruption of isthmian traffic. The very
existence and peace of nations depend
entirely upon a strict observance of in
ternational treaty rights."
Their Total Casualties One
Officer and Five Pri
vates Wounded.
German Minister to Bogota
Deplores the Secession
of Panama.
Daughter of French Marquis
Another Whom He Re
stored to Health.
Marvelous Triumphs
of Dr. ; Marmorek's
Discovery.
American Troops Bat
tle for Five Days
in Swamps.
Preparations Continue
While Keyes' Report
Is Awaited.
Henry of Pless Is
Cured of Con
sumption. £
Jolo Insurrection
Is Practically
at an End.
Army Favors Over
land Attack on
Panama.
NEW SERUM
SAVES THE LIFE
OF A PRINCE
COLOMBIANS
WILL MARCH
TO ISTHMUS
WOOD'S' MEN
SLAY MOROS
BY HUNDREDS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, 3IONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 176.
The San Francisco Call
THE THEATES3. /« , "^
¦ '/'
. Alcaxar— "A Poor Ballon." .5? J
California— "At the ofd*" Crosi 4
Boads."
Central— "Kidnifflit in • China
town."
Columbia — Vlrgrlnia Harnei la
•Iris."
rischer'i— "Bubes and Boses."
Grand — "Ben Hur."
Orphaum — "Vaudeville.
The Clmtes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera., OPORTO, Nov. 22.r— A chemist named
Belchler, with two companions, members
of well-known families, made a balloon
ascension from here to-day. After reach
ing a considerable height the balloon
was . carried - to sea and it Is feared that
its occupants were drowned.
The men formed in processions in
different parts of the city and marched,
in bodies to the hall. Several sections
of the parade crossed the lines of the
Chicago City Railway Company, which
were in operation, but there J was
no disturbances or acts of violence and
the'paraders reached their destination
without mishap. The meeting was ad
dressed by "Clarence ,S; Darrow, attor
ney for the strikers; Judge Prentiss,
President Mahon and several other la
bor leaders. Resolutions were addpted
asking Mayor . Harrison to withdraw
the police from the cars and declaring
for immediate municipal ownership of
all lines in the city. yi' ?i
There was a marked increase in the
patronage' to-day on the four lines be
ing operated by the company under po
lice protection. There were but few
acts of vTdlence, only three arrests be
ing made for interference. No attempt
was made .to open any of the other
branches of , the system, but unless a
settlement of the strike is reached to
morrow the State street line and possi
bly a crosstown line will "be opened for
traffic Tuesday. -
The" teamsters have become more
deeply involved than ever in the strike
of; the street car nieri. At a meeting
to-night of representatives of all the
locals of the union in Chicago, the stand
taken last week, when the drivers em
ployed by. the Chicago, City Railway
Company were ordered on 'strike in
sympathy with the trainmen, and all
teamsters belonging to"; the union were
notified to cease: delivery to the trac
tion company, was approved. " "
While the negotiations looking to
peace were in ricogresD this afternoon
a monster mass meeting Was held at
Tattersall's to plan assistance for the
strikers. . Nearly every union In Chi
cago was represented and It ts esti
mated that fully 15,000 persons were
present. ' ,
CHICAGO, Nov. 22. — The strike on
the Chicago City Railway is still un
settled. Peace "negotiations continued
to-day, but wft-e confined to the con
sideration by the board of directors of
the road of a proposition submitted to
the company last night by the strikers.
A basis of settlement pt all the other
differences, it is said, has been agreed
upon, and unless the company refuses
to accede to this new demand of the
union an amicable adjustment of the
whole dispute should be readied no la
ter than to-morrow nighti Thlp new
proposition, it is said, provides for the
arbitration of the grievances of the un
ion on the system that struck in sym
pathy with the trainmen. What action
the directors took to-day on this de
mand is not known, as tlte answer will
not be given to the union until to-mor
row.
Carmen Want Arbitra
tion for Their Sym
' pathizers.
Be a /rietid to yourself and others
will. .• ¦ . •
JOHNSTOWN, Pa.. Nov. 22. — Two of
the . Italians . burned In, the lodging
shanty fire at Lilly on Saturday died to
day/ This brings the total death list
up tQ thirty.-
Take time to help the children with
their school lessons. It will save them
days 6t hard study and make them more
useful members of society. You will
have time for this if you" cook by gas
on a range from S. F. Gas & Elec. Co. ¦
"But prejudiced individuals, who
rarely know anything of what they
talk about, have already passed Judg
ment and denounce it as cold-blooded
murder. Experience teaches, however,
that these people are not above making
capital out of any public misfortune."
In consequence of this outrage gov
ernor Peahody has reinstated Adjutant
General Sherman M. Bell in command
of the militia force in this camp, suc
ceeding Colonel Edward Verdecksburg,
who has been in command since Bell's
retirement at the close of the court
martial trial of General John Chase.
The military authorities at various
hours to-day, by order of General Bell,
who is now in supreme command of all
the troops in the Cripple Creek district,
made the following arrests in cpnnec
tlon with the plot to disable the Vin
dicator mine: Charles G. Kennison, W.
B. Easterly, W. F. Davis, John School
craft. Gus Johnson, J. B. Isbell, Robert
Rowland*, Victor ' Poole, Harry Wil
liams, Ed Fleming, H. P. Jones, Sher
man Parker, Frank Crase and Robert
Adams. The latter is a brother of
Stephen \A.dams, the miner who was
arrested last night Sherman Parker is
commissioner of District- No. 1 strike
committee and Kennison and Davis
are members of that committee. Near
ly all of the men arrested are members
of the Miners' Union and are charged
either' directly or indirectly as acces
sories to the blowing up of the mine.
The district executive committee of
the Western Federation of Miners char
acterizes the explosion as a "lament
able accident, regretted by all," and
adds: •
"The killing o£ Superintendent JVIc-
Cormack and Melvin Beck of the Vin
dicator mine was one of the most dia
bolical crimes that ever darkened the
annals of Colorado, and is another step
in the trail of blood which has been
made by the Western Federation of
Miners in this State.
"The time has passed for selecting
fine terms in which to speak of these
matters, and we do not hesitate to say
that this crime was devised and exe
cuted by the inner circle of this or
ganization.
"This statement Is made only after a
careful investigation of the facts, which
show conclusively that these men met
their death through a scheme eo cun
ningly devised and carefully executed
as to tax the ingenuity of the most ex
perienced criminal.
"Of late the district has been filling
up with this class of men, who openly
boast what they propose to do. Not a
single circumstance surrounding this
crime is compatible with the theory of
accident and - with any other theory
than that of premeditated murder."
cator company that a deliberate at
tempt had been made to wreck the
shaft with dynamite. The executive
committee of the Miners' and Opera
tors' Association has offered a reward
for evidence leading to the arrest and
conviction of the perpetrators of the
crime. In a published statement the
committee says:
Amos died at the residence of his
daughter. Mrs. H. A. Brimmer, in the
city of.Redlands last Thursday even
ing after an illness which lasted over
a period of three weeks. Even now he
has been laid to rest in the quaint hlll-
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 22.— J.
Wayne Amos known throughout the
southwest as the "Abraham Lincoln of
Southern California." and who perhaps
bore the neUrest likeness to the martyr
ed President of any living man, is
dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STRIKE HANGS
ON ONE POINT
side burying ground n-t far fro'm
Rialto, his body, like unto that of Lin
coln, wrapped in the folds of the Stars
and Stripes.
Hundreds of people followed the flow
er-laden casket to the grav*e side, for
Amos was a popular man In this vicin
ity, having taken an active part in pub
lic life for many years. His prominent
connection with the San Bernardino
Society of Pioneers brought him in con
tact with people in all parts of the
southland where his bearded face,
broad brimmed- hat, Prince Albert and
umbrella ma'de him a conspicuous
figure.
His likeness to President Lincoln was
remarkable. Having the facial features
and characteristics of the dead Presi
dent, he cultivated the manners, car
riage and actions of the man, follow
ing closely as possible his manner of
dress? and imitating Lincoln in his
style of talking and writing.
The deceased was a native of Balti
more, and aged 72 years. He remained
in Maryland until 1855 when he moved
to Washington, D. C for a ten years'
residence. From the capltol city he mi
grated,to Ohio and later came to Cali
fornia where he had lived for over
twelve years.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIAN WHO
BORE A STRIKING LIKENESS
TO LINCOLN.
General Intimates " That -\ Federal
Troops Will Be Called Out.
DENVER, Nov. 22.--General John C.
Bates, U. S. A., arrived 1 in Denver to
day to Investigate the strike conditions
in Colorado. .Upon his report; depends
whether or not the. War Department
will comply with Governor \ Peabody's
request to send Federal troops to Tel
luride.
After a visit to General Baldwin,
commander of this department, Gen
eral Bates said in an interview that his
being here was no reflection upon Gen
eral Baldwin. v
"I am entirely Ignorant of the situa
tion and will look into matters thor
oughly," he continued. "The way Gov
ernor Peabody's request was worded
caused the War Department' to reply
that troops could not be furnished, but
if conditions are such that there is real
need of Federal troops, I have no doubt
they will be sent. I shall go from here
to Tellurlde and will, probably stop at
Cripple Creek a few days* as I return."
General Bates left to-night for Tellu
ride.
BATES BEGINS INQUIRY.
In the ha-nds of the • police is a war?
rknt charging "him. with the embezzle;
ment". ¦ of ~ ; : $3847 76 ;• of •". the ; company's
money; Before his departure he coi*
fessed his guiiit, but it.was v not until he
habrrbeen'gone more than a day that the
'persons to whom he' made the cbnfes
slon notified the authorities.'
W. A. Richardson, cashier ~ of the
company, with headquarters in Sac4
ramento, , had charge of the Los
Angeles and other offices, but next to
him in authority stood ".Andrews, who
handled the cash here. Many thou
sands of dollars passed through his
hands and he had- always accounted
for every cent of it.
Last . Tuesday two of the employes
discovered a shortage in the cash
amounting to more* than $2000. An
drews was charged with having caused
it and -confessed and asked until Sat
urday to make it good. Instead of en
deavoring to make good his shortage
he secured a check for nearly $2000,
which he cashed' and pocketed the pro
ceeds. He disappeared Thursday night,
after having spent most of the day
quietly changing gold coin for cur
rency. ' v The detectives have been un
able to find any trace of him.
The cause of his downfall is drink,
horse races and women. He is unmar
ried, 32 years of age and has no rela
tives in this part of the 'country. The
Fruit Growers' Express will lose noth
ing, because Andrews is under a $500*
bond executed by a surety company.
LOSvANGELES,; Nov., ; 22.— Sherman
Andrews,- I6r. ,'hiore than' two years .a
confidential employe of the Fruit Growr
ers* Express; . the .concern which con
trols'' the Armour cars, used in the ship;
ment of fruit, is a fugitive from jus-
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 22.—
Sheriff Henry Robertson, after investi
gating the conditions in the sixth level
of the Vindicator mine, where Super
intendent Charles McCormack and
Fhift Bops Beck were killed yesterday
by an explosion, coincided with the
statement of the officials of the Vindi-
Little Doubt That Criminals Caused
Vindicator Mine Explosion.
DYNAMITE THEIR WEAPON.
The r.ain point of difference between
the miners and their employers is rec
ognition of the union, and this the coal
companies positively refuse to consider.
The State Board of Arbitration has al
ready offered its services in settling the
differences between the contending par
tief. but neither side has as yet accept
ed t'.x- board's offer.
Sheriff Wiicox says he has already
arrested several persons who were dis
charging firearms for the purpoBe of
intimidating men who wished to work,
and reports that at Scofield men hav«
been assaulted and threatened with
death if they persisted in working
against the strike agitators.
Brigadier General J. C. Cannon, com
manding the Ptate National Guard, left
to-day to investigate conditions in the
disturbed district and will report to
the Governor as to the necessity for
railing <^ut the troops. Governor Wells
hns received a report from State Coal
Mine Inspector Thomas, indicating that
many more miners are on strike than
has been previously reported. Thomas
Fays that at Sunnyside loss than 100
men out o* 850 are at work. At Castle
Gate, he rays, only twenty-four men
a re at work.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. 22.— Sheriff
Wiicox of Carbon County has appealed
to Governor Wells to call out the State
troops to protect the coal mine districts
of his coufcty. which are included In
the recent strike order issued by the
fraud Mine Workers of America.
"The local police authorities and dep
uty sheriffs are not sufficient and are
powerless to cope with the lawlessness
and protect life and property and main
tain law and order," Sheriff Wiicox
say? ir. h!s telegram to the Governor.
"My resources are exhausted, and
therefore I believe It my duty to call
upon you as Governor of the State for
eld and assistance at ScofieJd, Castle
Gate and Sunnyside."
General Cannon Will Investigate and
Eeport Before the Militia
Is Ordered to the
Scene.
Police. Search for. Sherman Andrews^
"WTio Was Connected With tiie \
" .. ' : Fruit .Growers' Express [ . - ¦'.
. .. :'¦¦¦> .-." » in the South. \. -' ;
Says He Is Powerless to Cope
With the Strike Situ
ation.
Nearly. Four- Thousand Dol
.'¦'¦' lars Taken and Con- :
. :^rfessioh»Made.^V .*¦ v I
\ NEW YORK, Nov. 22.— The last rites
were performed over the body of Mrs.
Harriet Maxwell Converse, "the great
white mother" of the six nations of the
great Iroquois confederacy. Eulogies
were pronounced by the dead woman's
pastor and by the chiefs of the various
clans , of the Seneca nation, by whom
Mrs. .Converse was adopted when a lit
tle girl.'. ¦
... In addition to the delegations from
the; six nations, there were present
representatives of the Hurons, Sioux,
Abinki,- ; Algbnquln3,' Aztecs of Mexico
and several other tribes. '
Rev. Dr. Thomas H. Sill, the dead
woman's pastor, read the Episcopal
service, for the dead,- after which Wil
liam Crow, & .Seneca warrior, /nade an
address in his native tongue. In speak
ing 'he' addressed himself to. the dead
woman, before him and in conclusion
wished her happiness in the spirit
land. •¦"•. * ' • \
Ohauncey Abrahams, also a Seneca,
acting for Chief Corn Planter, informed
Mr.' Keppler, long associated with Mrs,-
Cbnverse in her work among the In
""dians, that Keppler had been selected
to take the great white mother's office.
Keppler, in accepting, promised to
faithfully administer the trust Imposed
in him.
Chief Corn Planter followed, wearing
under, his waistcoat a red sash. While
tears streamed down his face, he ex
pressed grief in a few words of broken
English, and then, sinking back in his
chair, buried his face in his hands and
wept aloud.
Dark Cloud, a magnificent looking
Indian, with hair streaming below his
broad shoulders, said:
I know the great white mother as every
redman In this land knows her. She studied
the Indians' religion, the true religion. Our
God touched this woman's heart, and she un
derstood us. Sh» was the angel of God. "We
may not have a Christ in our religion, but we
have a mediator, anit she was the great media,
tor between the whites and the Indians. Phe
was a leader to us. She inspired us to better
things. We loved her, and now she Is gone
from us. But while we are sad. it Is for us
that we are sad, not for her. because wa
know 6he is happy.
Addresses were made by Chief Long
fellow, Morris Leigh, and Carlos, an
Aztec Indian from Mexico.
• The Interment will be made to-mor
row in the Converse family plot at El
mira, N. Y.
SAN DOMINGO, Friday, Nov. 20.—
Negotiation of a treaty of peace be
tween the rebels and the Government
of President Wos y Gil has -begiinl
There was^a suspension of "hostilities
for forty-eight hours underan.amic:
able arrangement. . It is expected that
the rebels will demand ;, that .President
Wos y Gil announce, a general election;
The United," States, gun boat Newport
has arrived here. toJWlieve the scruis^
er Baltimore, which^wnri^e^ Sat
urday.for coal.: ¦'; '.'-. *.;.T '. ,..-. ,.'. ; \'. ". .* \l y '=' <
| WASHINGTON; ? Nov. 22.-A cable
gram received at th'e' State ;bepar'tm'ent
to-day from Minister Powell • reports
that' the President^ of : San ' Domingo',
Wos y Gil, having' offered to retire from
office, has agreed" that the | country
should .be governed ¦ by, four . members
of the Cabinet, :this;arrangemen^ to be
effective pending | a;f peVmahent^settle
ment of affairs;.;; : ;/:v^> vrj-^ri ,
Carbon County Sheriil
Appeals to Gover
nor for Aid.
Pathetic Ceremony in Tribute
to the Woman Peace- .
maker.
Confidential Employe in
Los Angeles aa Em-
I bezzler.
President Agrees That Four
Cabinet -Members Shall
Direct Affairs.
Are Negotiating
Terms. :.v
Rebels and Government
Chiefs of Six Nations
Weep at the Bier of
Mrs. Converse.
J. Wayne, Amos, Who Bore an Extraordi
nary Likeness to the Martyred War Prfesi
<Jent, Passes- Away at an Advanced Age
UTAH STATE
TROOPS MAY
TAKE FIELD
QUITS JOB
WITH MONEY
OF THE FIRM
INDIANS MOURN
"WHITE MOTHER"
LOOK FOR PEACE
IN SAN DOMINGO
LINCOLN'S DOUBLE DIES
IN A SOUTHLAND CITY
THE SAN FBAKCISCO .CALL,/ MONDkA/T, NOVEMBER 23, 1903.
2
GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
o-?% a. xn 3:13 a nd 8:3 ° P- m -. except Sunday
c'n day 6:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vatlejo.
-«m." 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
!„ 7 i m.. <:1j P- m. Fare, 50 cent*. Tel.
Main 1508. Fie' 2. MJsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
OADWArS READV RELIEF ha* stood
uurJvaled before Uj» p»b!ic for CO years as a
Pain Rem*<3y. It Instantly relieves and quickly
1 urea «li Cold?, tfore .Throats, Influenza, Broor
rhltJs rt,euiaonia. Rheumatism, SXeuralpJa,
Headache. Toothache and all pain." Internally
tor Malaria And &11 Uowcl Fains. Al! druggi&ts.
BIare island and y»iiejo Steamar».
tOMPAG5IS GEIiSBAlS TSA531TLJJ(TIQini
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
"aillrK everv Thursday Instead ot*&&2$
Saturday at 10 a. m. from Pier 43,^*^
Vnrth River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ori^-c'Ls to Havre. *« and upward. GEN-
VWAtTAGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
£vvada S2 Broadway (Hudson Butldinjt).
V»wTork J F FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coaat
A«nta 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisc3o.
Tleketa sold br all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
|SA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•- tor and Nervine.
The rno*t wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the h-xual Organs, for both eexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease! of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
rNABER.~ALFS & BRCNE, Aeenu.
323 Market *t.. S. F. — (Send for Clrculara.)
~4gp&&j| MENANDWOMEfl.
<^}^&I^UCHjEi^^g| C»c Blg'o for unnatural
/SfiZjla 1 to * ««rvVl dUch»rg«i.inCRMDi»tion»,
A*9*f Owuttfl n irritmtiooi or lilceimtioBl
g<6Jf ut f itrt«ur». of mo cod 1 niembracei.
if»— *! rmtmu tnUrUi. P»in;»ft. »od not utria-
K^irriEEUKlCKEWIttLCJ. feat or poi»onoot.
\«SSl CilttlHhATl,O.raCT »«!«» br DroairUU,
Tgf^J. O.S.JU JtSf or sent in plain wrapper.
-^qogffW- br express, prepaid, for
\$im iHyHIHrl^il tUM. or » botUe» 12.78.
¦ Circular sect oa rejeest
BAJA. CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great
4HUSEUH OF ANATOMY
A OS is:ia.sxnicT.ist.5!fc*7si.s.r.CiL
. S]J The L"f *st Anatomical Museum in the
Q JjVj^ World. WeikAeues at ii.j- contracted
i. wS«8W diseaj* !»•¦'" »«->r«-«r«fl!, r the oldctl
A &'}*$* I OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
i ¦{$lv?9n Con-.uit.-.tton frre ssd strirtljr private.
fi I Jt»<3f H Trettaent pereooalij or br Inter. A
V H ff <fl Q A«*h Curt in eTcrjr case oudrrt»kcn.
ApS llO Write for Book. rBILOKOrHYtf
V " J| II * BAUUUCr, MAILED FBE&. (A
A (1 If. valuable book for m<-ii)
V r-H j<int)A> & IO., ic:i Market st.,S. F.
This Bardly Erpresces What Saa. Pran-
v Cisco People Say of It.
Any Itchiness of the skin is annoying.
Little danger in itching skin diseases.
But they make you miserable.
Ijoan's Ointment is a never-falling
cure
For Piles. Eczema, all itching troubles.
San Francisco citizens indorse it.
Thomas Christal. inspector, of 426
Twenty-seventh street, pays: "I know of
a case of pcxeaia or skin disease where
Docn's Ointment undoubtedly cured. It
broke out on the back of the ears and on
the scalp and it resisted the treatment
of several doctors who tried unsuccess-
fully for a year and a half to stop it. In
addition to physicians' treatment every-
thing said to be good for such ailments
v/as used, in fact all the knowledge of
every one aware of the eczema was ex-
hausted. Doan's Ointment acted; just as
represented. In a comparatively short
time the aroa %it the sores commenced to
contract, and by and by they completely
dried up." •
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, X. Y., sole
agents for th» United States.
. Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute. •
VERY ANNOYING.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Wrange!.
Juneau. Haines, Ekagway,
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
22. 27. Dec. 2. Changa to
company's eteamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. 'Whatcora — 11 a. m., Nov. 22. 27.
Dec. 2. Cnange at Seattle to this company's
steamem for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. P.y. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
For Eurska (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Nov. 21. .'50. Dec. 6; Corona. 1 :3O p. m.,
Nov. 21. 27. Dtc. 3.
For Los Angoles (via Port Lc« Angeles and
Redcr.do), San Di«?go and Santa Barbara — San-
ta U«sa, Sundays. Da. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, Ran Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Ohispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Nov. 25. Dec. 3.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Nov. 21. 2!>. Dec. T.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay, San Josa del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salla. Guaymaa Olex.). 10 a. m.. 7th ot each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates?.
TICKET OmCES — ( New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Bread-way wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
. 10 Matket street. San Francisco.
I WAS NEVER MORE iN EVIDENCE THAN. TO-DAY
| -, :• • • '.•¦:¦•' ¦/ .. . • ¦ ¦¦ - • j •' '
I "AT WORK" - ;
¦ •*¦'->'*' "'¦¦*¦' •¦-" : ¦ '"'' '¦'•' ' '' ¦ ¦- ' - — -^— - — ¦ '—' —~- . -
in ••• . v:'. . ,. ! The publisher of The Call, in. anticipating the tendency of the times
P • i n giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for
H' their exclusive use a series of art pictures which will serve as reminders
M during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field.
H , "A* Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc-
U tion f rota ; an * oil painting by ' J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of
H< .; /dogs have [never^ been surpassed. \. - / ' .
p v ; ¦*, ;M r . Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn
¦ , Better, f'ByDEIlIGO,^ who became famous in this country by his clean
H . sweep of bench and field events.
H \ , * This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
H ; .in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the" many who love the faithful
\\, •';¦;¦.';.' ; . -- animal." ' y iC-i^'V ¦' ""¦"'• • '• ; - ¦ ¦- * ' ¦•¦ '
Jn handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a
picture that, when^'framed,^^co^d with difficulty 1 be distinguished from .
the original oil pointing. -
¦-¦ To overlook this is to miss one of the best of the Sportsmen's Series.
, j- DONnTDOIT. ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY.
O. R. «S N. CO.
••Columbia" sails Nov. 19 29 Dee. 9 1».
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 24, *D«c
4. 14. 2t. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. 9. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First aa<I
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong .with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing. ,
S. S HONGKONG MARU i*«llii
.Thursday. December 3. 1903
S S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
."Wednesday December SO. 1803
S. S. AMERICA MARU ~*\~v.
..•....;:... Monday. January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passa«» apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W H AVERT. General Agent.
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honoluh0.ov .28.11 a.m.
S S MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. D«e. 1. 11 a, m.
B" S VENTURA, for Honoluhu&amoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p. m.
AL I fKCKU ft BI9I.C1, l|ti.. fcW Jflta.6 « lartaJ a
WtlfficLlia fiarfatSUftrl*. Mm tL
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo .Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each. box. 25c. •
§Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men,
MORMON BISHOP'S TILLS
have been In use over flxty
year* by the leaders of ttia
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th«
worst cases In old and youn£
arising frcm effects of seU-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cur» Lost
Manhood. Impoteney. Lost
Power, Nlarht Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Hendacfce.. Unfltness to Alar-
ry. Less of Semen, r— » J~% Varlcccele or Con-
Btlpatlcn. Stop Ner *^ II vuus Twitching o:
Eyelids. Effects are J^ m — a Immediate. Impart
'vigor and potenc\ t " e '* *^»to every function.
| Don't eet despondent, a cure Is at hand. Re-
; store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 5Cc a box; « for
J $2 50 by mali. A written guarantee to eyre ar
I money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
f Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4O Ellis St..
! San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 34
! and 40 Third «t.
Gfl H & R fb Ammunition, Hunting and
m RHl%. Sporting Goods. Largest
B R few) 'stock. Ixiwpst prices. Send
B H S VJ ¦ 11 '" r catnlofrue.
%& B 11 W SHItEVE&BABBER CO..
TS9 Market st. and 3H
I Kearny st.
Brlght's disease, brick dust deposit, bed-
wetting-, travel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with j^^^^w
One Bottle / :l||||
| McBurney's /^* *(?!?
3 Kidney and fe$ fJW
H Bladder Cure f> I
2 Relief in 20 mtn-
fi utes. Express pre- ""^^
I paid $1 60. S*nd 25c to W. F. McBur-
£ ney for five rtayi" jtreatment.
fl 22(5 S. Sprins »t.. Loa Angeles*. Sold
E by druggists.
Rheumatism
Notice is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and pay-
able on Monday, November 2, 1903, and
will be delinquent on Monday. Novem-
ber 30, 1903, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof,
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday In April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining: one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday In January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five, per cent will be added to
the amount thereof. ¦ -
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first Installment as herein
provided la due and payable.
. That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
City Hall.
N. B.— For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
this office will be open continuously
during the month of November from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing: Mon-
day, November 16, 1D03. 1
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
i3. covered by mortgage •will this year,
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay,
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of Saii Francisco.
1905 Tans IK
ADVEBTISEMENTS.PARIS, Nov. 23.— Bonaparte Wyse,
the French engineer to whom Colombia
granted the original concession ' for a
Panama canal, addresses a long letter
to the Eclair, in which he says: «,
"The Impudent attitude of the Wash
ington Government should have the ef
fect V of -rousing France and bringing
about a. common faction by the Euro
pean governments -against- the Ameri
can peril; also of proving to the most
incredulous the immense importance
of/ piercing r the isthmus."
¦¦ "Wyse points ; out that Colombia's.ef
fort to regain .the ¦ Isthmian territory
might meet with difficulty. It '.would
Frenchman Bubbles Over "With Rage
' Because of Panama Affair. ->.'- ;
CALLS AMERICANS LXTNATICS.
craft that was developed by the French marine subsidy law. Her
dimensions are : Tonnage, 1768; length, 275 feet; beam, 40 feet;
depth, 22 feet. Many vessels of her class have been seen in this
harbor, and seagoing folk say that a peculiarly unfortunate class
it is, the percentage of losses being without precedent, despite the
fact that the ships are built with a view to strength as well as
speed and carrying capacity.
About a year ago the Francois Coppee sailed from the Co
lumbia River for South Africa with a cargo of lumber. From
South Africa she proceeded to Australia with general merchan
dise'and then sailed from Newcastle to this port with coal and to
load with wheat. Her home port is Havre and she is owned by
? Norbertand Claude Guillon of that city. She was in command
of Captain Brinje when she cleared from Newcastle.
The Scotia is a steam schooner of 230 tons and makes, regular
trips with passengers and freight between San Francisco and
Bourne's Landing. She left here last Tuesday and the next thing
heard of her was the news of her arrival at her destination with
the five men she picked up at sea. . She is owned by-Raffell; Rog
ers & Co. of this city and Captain Enckson is her master./ .
Continued From Pag« 1, Columns 6 and 7.
VIENNA, Nov. 22.— The Sultan of
Turkey has cancer of the Intestines, but
there is no immediate danger and he
can drag on a painful existence for two
or three years. His aggravated condi.
tion recently brought on by extra exer
tions caused him to call In a Munich
doctor, who advised him to have an op
eration performed. Abdul Hamid re
fused.
SULTAN MAY NOT LIVE
MORE THAN THREE YEARS
know' the. comforts of having on hand a
supply of Borden's Eagle Brand Con
densed Milk. It can be used so agreeably
for cooking, In coffee, tea and chocolate.
Lay in a supply for all kinds of expedi
tions. Avoid unknown brands.' . • -
All Seamen
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 22.— A local
train on the Philadelphia and Reading
was . derailed, supposedly by train
/wreckers, near here, late last night. C.
L.,.Custer of Philadelphia, a passenger,
and the fireman were killed and a half
dozen passengers injured.
Train' "Wreckers Cause Death.
On Thanksgiving day, November 28, the Cali
fornia-Northwestern Railway will sell tickets
to all points, exceDt suburban, ' at half rates
or one fare for the round trip, with limit of
return Friday, the 27th.
Tickets will be on sale' at Tlburon ferry on
Thanksgiving day. , _ ¦ • .
HALF RATES ON
THANKSGIVING DAY.
President Zelaya was recently Pres
ident ,*: Marroquin's bitterest enemy,
openly aiding the Colombian Liberals
in their efforts to overthrow Marro
quin during the* last revolution.
, MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Nov. 22.—
President Marroquin of the republic of
Colombia has sent a circular to Pres
ident Zelaya of Nicaragua asking for
his moral support in dealing with the
present situation on the isthmus. Pres
ident Zelaya has telegraphed to the
Presidents of all the Central American
countries, proposing to them that they
combine with him in an answer to
President Marroquin.* The idea, has
been accepted by the various execu
tives,, but it has not yet been decided
what' form the combined answer shall
take.
Republics Will Send Joint Reply to
Marroquin's Appeal.
CENTRAL AMERICA'S ATTITUDE
Petrel Leaves Mare Island Yard for
the Lower Bay.
GTJNBOAT SAILS HASTILY.
VAL.LEJO. Nov. 22.— Last night the
officers and men belonging to the
United States gunboat Petrel who were
ashore on leaves of absence, were sum
moned to their ship in unusual haste
and early this morning the Petrel
steamed out of this harbor, bound for
the lower bay. -It is confidently ex
pected that the gunboat will soon Join
!A.dmiral Glass* fleet in Panama waters.
¦¦ To-day the torpedo-boat destroy
ers Preble and Paul Jones are
coaling at the navy yard and
at the same time stores are being
got ready for them. They could start
for Patiama at short notice. The tor
pedo-boat Farragut, which Is the
speediest member of the flotilla, will
require some slight repairs before she
can start on a voyage.
NEW YORK, Nov. 22. -Columbia's
football warriors in all probability will
Journey to the Pacific Slope during the
Christmas holidays to line up against
the teams of the University of Cali
fornia and the Leland Stanford Univer
sity. Permission to make the trip has
been obtained from President Butler
and gameis which will rival In interest
any of the contests played this season
now seem assured.
COLUMBIA'S FOOTBALL
TEAM TO COME WEST
New York Collegians Want a Try at
Berkeley and Stanford Ihiring
Holidays.
It Is believed here that any organiza
tion of a big army by Colombia will re
sult, in. the downfall of President Mar
roquln's government, brought about'by
the Liberals or by a combination of the
Nationalists, headed by former Presi
dent Caro.
-' The'Panamalans alone do : not -rfear^the Co
lombians.' but' they fear, them less bow that
they are' assured of the, aid of their Yankee
brothers. • .'J '
Since 1902, when Admiral Casey re
fused to permit the transportation^ of
the Colombian troops on the ; Panama
Railroad,, General Salazar has enter
tained "a bitter dislike for the. people of
the Untied States. -At that, time" he
cabled, through the Associated Press a
scnsationallprotest to the world against
the action of Admiral Casey. >. ;¦': ¦'
General Salazar is most inflaming to
the younger element of the Colombians.
He is courageous and energetic,- but of
a quixotic nature, and probably be
lieves that his statement that an army
of 100,000 is being organized will stun
the people of the new republic. .
.El Duende in last night's edition, says:
• PANAMA, Nov. 22.— General Victor
Salazar,, who during the last revolution
Avas supreme commander of all the Co
lombian forces on ¦*"¦ the Isthmus, has
been requested to give his opinion con
cerning the present trend of affairs on
the isthmus, and telegraphs as follows
from Palmira, in the department « of
Cauca:
PALMIRA. Nov. 21.— I consider the move
ment unworthy and unpatriotic. I deplore It
deeply becauee in each Panamaian I see a
friend and brother, and- because for that land
I would wish only days .'of glory and welfare.
The road it follows leads to suicide and even
now It la -not.: too.-*' late to reflect and eava
Panama the horrible consequences. ;' ' i
The departments of Cauca and Antloqula
and the . whole of Colombia, without political
or social distinctions. : will rise like one man
to defend the national Integrity. General
Urlbe-Urlbe, General Benjamin' Hen-era and
all Liberals have offered their services to the
Government. An army of.100.0C0 men, now'be
lnjr organized and : to be commanded by both
Liberal- and Conservative leaders, will soon
inarch on the Isthmus. V
The fact that American help was asked. for
and accepted by Panama characterizes .the
movement, aa' treasonable to- the fatherland,
misleading In sentiment and offensive to the
national dignity. : . ; - VICTOR SALAZAR.
ALL COLOMBIANS TTNITED.
Party Lines Forgotten , in Eagerness
to Retake the Isthmus. ~L
commissioner, from Colon by steamer
to one of the Gulf ports.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
Appeals were made by the parents to
Miss Ethel last evening to recall to
her mind if possible some acquaintance
named Barrett, whom she might have
met with her sister during their past
social conquests In this city and Stock
ton, but the daughter was unable, to
shed any light on the identity of her.
new and unexpected brother-in-law.
Certain the family. is that'the hus
band is not the young; gentleman 'who
Is credited with having Journeyed to the
far West to bask In tne radiance of
CANNOT SOLVE MYSTERY.
Their arrival In Charleston was
promptly announced by the daughter
by wire and since then the parents of
the young woman have received sev
eral letters from their daughter, but
in none of the missives were there the
slightest hint of an approaching mar
riage nor the most: meager suggestion
of a newly made, acquaintance bearing
the name of Barrett.
A -few Veeks ago Mabel Clary made
her preliminary preparations for a trip
to the East, her destination < being
Charleston, where sne contemplated
visiting relatives. Mrs. Voorhees, wife
of Dr. Voorhees, agreed to be the young
woman's chaperon, and two weeks ago
they bade farewell to friends and rela
tives ' and departed on their overland
trip.
Some time ago the 'story drifted down
from Stockton that Mabel was being
wooed by the son of a prominent fam
ily of "Washington, and the young man's
frequent visits to the coast and his
attention to the young woman con
vinced many of her close friends, who
had failed to win her utmost confidence,
that her engagement would soon be an
nounced.
WOOED BY EASTERNER.
bel simply smiled 'at their queries and
turned the conversation to some other
topic of discussion. -
CHARMING SOCIETY GIRL
WHOSE ROMANTIC MAR
RIAGE IS ANNOUNCED.
ROME, Nov. £2.— For the first time
Firsce the conclave Cardinal Rampolla
this morning appeared at a public cere
mony, officiating at high mass in the
Cburcb of Santa Cecelia, his titular
church. It was announced that Cardl- i
H3 i Il3mpo3Ia had restored the church i
which contains the crypt of the ancient •
¦Jiomnn house where St. Cece'.ia lived
and died, and on the ruins of which. In j
the ninth century, the pres?nt church '
was built. When Cardinal Ilampolla
left the church the ovation {riven him
Mas fo great that it was with difficulty
he rearhed his carriage.
The Pope to-day received a deputa
tion of parish priests from Venice, who
reminded him that he took possession
of the patriarchate of Venice on No
vember 22, exactly nine years ago. The '
Pope replied in a most kindly manner
Parishioners as Ee Leaves
the Church.
Divine Is Given Great Ovation by
CAKDINAL RA3IPOLLA
AGAIN OFFICIATES
COLOMBIANS TO MARCH TO ISTHMUS
Mabel Clary's smiles, for he bears an
other name.
From what little could be gleaned
from the brief messasre received last
evening, the Clarys are Inclined to be
lieve that their daughter will nqt long
keep her anxious parents irf ignorance
of whom she has selected as a husband.
Mrs. Barrett, as Mabel Clary, in past
years received many favorable notices
in connection with her social affairs
.and was admired on all sides as a
young woman of many splendid accom
plishments. She possesses a tall, sleh
der*and striking figure, has a_ beauti
ful ' complexion ami Ha &?w*om&n of » ex
ceedingly art!stic*tastes. '" . >
FRENCH BARK FRANCOIS COPPEE
IS WRECKED OFF POINT REYES
Mrs. Mabv»l Barrett is widely known
in this city.where the news of her mar
riage will be received with* as much
surprise as by her many friends in
Stockton. For years It has been the
custom of her father, who is one of the
leading lawyers of Stockton, to bring
his family to this city during the win
ter months, and with her equally pretty
Bister, Ethel, the bride had shared the
attentions from many admirers. Es
pecially were they favorites in the mil
itary set. Many a young lieutenant had
begged the hand of Mabel Clary in
marriage, but without success.
. Frequently society matrons wondered
why Mabel Clary did not accept one
of the frequent proffers of marriage
made to her and not a few had been
bold enough to even ask her regarding
her matrimonial preferences. But Ma,-
Little did the many friends of Mabel
Clary of Stockton, when they bade her
a safe Journey on her recent departure
from the city, dream that within a fort
night she would be a bride. The last to
imagine that her trip would include her
honeymoon were her parents, and pos
sibly Miss Clary's mlr.d, at the time,
contained no thought of matrimony.
Yesterday, while Mr. and Mrs. Clary
and their daughter Ethel were quietly
spending the Sabbath in their apart
ments at the Occidental Hotel, they
were suddenly shocked i>>" the news,
conveyed to them In a telegram from
Charleston, S. C. that Mabel had bo
come the wife of Carroll C. Barrett.
The message was painfully brief, sim
ply announcing that the marriage had
been performed in an Episcopal church
in Charleston in the forenoon; that the
young couple were about to leave for
North Carolina and from there they
purposed to continue on to New York
City. The telegram bore the signature
of the bride. It asked for no parental
blessing and contained not the slightest
intimation as to who the happy young
husband is other than to give his name.
SEEKS IDENTITY OF GROOM.
Who Carroll C. Barrett Is will prob
ably be determined . to-day, for the
father of the pretty bride kept the
wires busy last evening trying to glean
some .knowledge of his future son-in
law, and, with his distracted wife, his
anxious daughter and a son, who ar
rived on the evening train from Stock
ton, shortly after the news of the mar
riage was received, impatiently awaited
a reply until a late hour last night— but
in vain.
PANAMA, Nov. 22.— An imposing
scene took place this morning in. the
plaza d'Armas when Minister of War
Obarrio was presented to the troops of
the new republic, Senor Arias, a mem
ber of the Junta, and General Huertas.
Senor Arias made a short speech to the
soldiers, who paraded in front of the
Minister, paying him the honor due to
his rank. The Panama divisions of the
Isthmian troops, fully uniformed and
flying the national colors, took part in
the ceremony.
A prominent Panamaian. referring to
night to the efforts of the Bogota Gov
ernment to the peopie of the
Isthmus and to the suggestion made
that, should Panama re-enter the
union, it would be given political and
administrative autonomy and that the
canal treaty' would be ratified, said:
"These are the last efforts to s-ave Co
lombia from the complete disaster
which is imminent. We are sincerely
sorry for our brothers, h^ut we know the
Colombians too well to believe their
promises. "We do not doubt their good
faith, still their Quixotic nature and
the enthusiasm of the momoht make
them deceive themselves, not us. We
would do anything for our brothers, but
our destinies now and forever must be
separate. Civilization has so decreed."
Panama's Army Reviewed by Minis
ter of War Obarrio.
TROOPS SALUTE NEW CHIEF.
Aside from the tariff question the
matter of most eerious moment Is the
enforcement of the Congressional act
requiring th« carrying trade between
the United States and the Philippines,
as well as the coastwise trade of the
inlands, to be confined 6trictly to ves
sels carrying the American flag after
July 1 next. At the present time Phil
ippine commerce Is carried in British
Fhlps to the extent of 59 per cent of
the foreign trade of the islands. Other
foreign vessels carried practically the
remainder of this commerce, leaving
\vA\ Z per cent to American vessels.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 22.— The devel
opment of the Philippine Islands dur
ing the past year Is displayed In the an
cual report of Colonel Clarence R. Ed
vards. chief of the Bureau of Insular
Affairs of the War Department, made
public to-day. The accomplishment of
greatest Importance to the Islands dur
ing the year has been the successful
launching of the new fiscal system. By
January next the new system will be
in complete operation.
The new circulation medium consists
cf 18.000,000 pesos In fractional silver
coins and 10,000,000 pesos in paper
money. To establish the new system
and purchase the silver coinage two
issues of bonds were made of $3,000,000
each, both of which were sold at a pre
mium. The proceeds of the sale of
these bonds were deposited and drew
interest at the rate of 3^ per cent, so
that the Government actually made
money by going: into debt.
Colonel Edwards emphasizes the ne
cessity of a reduction of the Dlngley
tariff rates for the encouragement of
trade between the United States and
the Philippines. There is an active de
eire on the part of the Philippine com
mercial Interests, he says, for tariff
concessions, and the report states that
the same desire has been evinced by
the same interests in this country.
The chief exports of the Islands to
the United States are sugar, tobacco,
hemp and copra. The latter two com
modities are already on the free list.
""When we have to deal with danger
ous lunatics or highwaymen," says
Wyse, "it is rendering a service to all
te defend one's self even by excessive
means."
be impossible to send troops overland
and should they be sent by sea Ameri
can warships would stop the trans
ports. He suggests that an escort of
European warships to the Colombian
troops would prevent this. Finally,
the writer says that if the United
States should resort to the employ
ment of "brute force" Colombia would
be Justified in resorting to reprisals and
seizing the United States Minister at
Bogota and other American residents
of Colombia.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 22.— The three
highwaymen who some days agro held
UP fourteen men in a saloon, robbed
them of $150 and then overlooked $2500
lying In an open safe, have been ar
rested.
Since that time they- have terrorized
Portland and hold-ups have been re
ported in bunches of twos and threes
every night. The leader of the gang-is
I* Conners, a:well dressed: young man,
who hails from Denver, Colo. In \ his
trunk were found papers and: bank
checks which indicated that ', he had
been engaged in some fairly good
sized business In the Colorado city. '.
A bank book showed that he had had
considerable amounts of money to his
credit at various times. Several hun
dred dollars' worth of plunder was
found in his rooms, : besides skeleton
keys and buglar's tools. His two com
panions are robbers of the ordinary
type. Conners attempted to shoot the
officer making the arrest. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Much Interest Evinced in Fis
cal System and New
Carry icg Aci.
One of the Culprits Makes At
tempt to Shoot an
Officer.
Splendid Showing Made
in Col. Edwards*
Bepbrt.
Three Highway men Who
Portland
Arrested.
TRADE GROWING
IN PHILIPPINES
POLICE CAPTURE
THE DESPERADOES
ARMY BELLE GIVES HEART AND HAND
TO ARDENT ADMIRER IN CHARLESTON
Pretty Mabel Clary Suddenly Marries Carroll Barrett While Visiting
Friends in South Carolina and Then Briefly Sends the News
by Telegraph to Anxious Relatives at the Occidental Hotel
THE FAS FBAKCISCO CALL. MONDAY. NOVEMBER S3, 3903.
3
General Agents Pacific Coa^t Department
215 5ANS0ME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
C A. HENRY & CO,
\V-eekly Gall, $1.00 per Year
It is a beautiful thing for a
grocer to do, to sell Schilling's
Best ; for the goods are good
and the dealing is high; there's
nothing higher in business.
iiJ.O Prince Street, New York.
F» FE -V,t n ,.b!, B«eUct em H»» U Treat DSmum.
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue.
Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by leading
phvsicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 25 cents for trial bottle.
Tb« cntaia* -^
b->w<! «ny f J m j*n a. 4 ~ 9 L,
5 / 1
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Open Sores
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF Nintf
v/York, on the 31st day of December A D
1002 and for the year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ' th<»
State of California, pursuant to th« provisions
j>t sections 610 and ell of. the- Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Cash „ $200,000 00
ASSETS. •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $442,077 in
Cash In Banks 104 927 2a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan? 1.546 68
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tIon 83.369 63
Total Assets $634,121 04
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .' $49.ft35 OO
losses resisted, including expenses. 733 00
Groes premiums en Fire Rl.iks run-
ning one year or less. $388,424 86;
reinsurance 50 per cent 194,212 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one jvcr. $76.-
273 03; reinsurance pro rata 42,282 68
Commissions and Brokeraga due and
to become dua ld.iw «<
All other liabilities .". 21.293 33
Total LlabilitlM $324.310 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $424,092 33
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 4 75
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
an other sources 1T771 S">
Received fcr profit on sals of *Conds. 10.117. l»
Total Income $447.{W6 IS
"EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Lc*se«
(Including $ . losses of previ-
ous years) $268,272 79
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of previ-
ous years) ...••........¦..••..... \ 3?) 20
Dividends to Stockholders 10.000 C9
Paid qr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 116.637 71
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc. . 1.333 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 14,;si U
All other payments and expendi-
tures ". 4.9C: 45
Total Expenditures ? $41.1.379 21
Losses Incurred during the- year $2*2, SO^ 9O
Risks aad Premiums. Flra Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $35,664,829 $740,547 C3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 56.334.413 683.361 38
Net amount »n force
December 81. 1902. 36.984.502 464.703 91
Marina
Risks and Premiums. - Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $ ¦ $3 43
Net amount of Risks
expired .during' the '
year - 9 O
Net amount In force . » .
December 31. 1902
- r RATHBONE. Prest.
JOHN B. COONEY. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 21»t
day of February, 19C3.
, CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Publlo.
STATEMENT
OF* THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AssuranceCompanjf
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A D 1902, and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Polit-
ical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
ASSETS. ~ "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $454,277 B0
Cash in Banks 76,824 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,629 82
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 75,663 12
Total Ass«U S608.3M 91
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In SusDense .-. $43,. 4o OO
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 800 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlwr one year or less. $381,123 04:
reinsurance 50 per cent 190,562 97
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $30.-
347 31- reinsurance pro rata 44,867 89
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 15.056 83
All ether Liabilities 17.734 14
Total Liabilities $317,816 83
INCOME.
Net ea«h actually received for Fire
Net <£sh actually received for Ma-
rine premiums • ........... 4 74
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13.453 21
Received for protH on eale of Bonds. 13.2O4 ai
Total Income $456,205 5S
EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount paid for Fire Losaes
; * (including %-. . l°"«s of pre-
vlous y»ars) .VVV 267.46O 03
Net amount paid for Marlnt Losses
(including $ . Jesses of pre-
vlous years) • o9 15
Dividends to Stockholders 10.C0O 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage US, 316 50
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
chantes for officers, clerks, etc... 1.4S5 <X>
Paid for State. National and Local . -
All other payments and expendi-
tures 563 03
Total Expenditures $409.S69 31
Losses Incurred during the year $282. C24 21
" ; '- Fire Pre-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. mlums.
Net amount of R!*ks
written during the
JSr ....•--.- $52,830,143 $639,018 24
Net amount of risks
expired durlnjc ¦ the
year B4,C42.0S0 645,050 07
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 19Q2 36.665,190 461.473 25
~~ " Marine | Pre-
Rlsks and Premiums. Risks. mlums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $4 74
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 4 74
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1902 None.
ROBERT C. RATHBONE.. Prest.
R. B RATHBONE, Secy.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of February, 1003.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public.
fi*r~'~ : ' f ' ADVERTISEMENTS. -
llnl Let us make J
ISO • * t ~ \
p you a svit lo
||! your measure
I £ Ir -If we make you a suit you are sure to get sat- |
1 1— i j isf action. You will be satisfied from the day you t |
IKXJj /put the garments on to the day you lay them |
|F~~]| -We know we can please you in. fit and style. %
j|L_Ji If perchance the suit should need a little altering |
t l-l • we will readily do it, for we want only perfect |
*p-~|| fits to leave our establishment. If after purchase |
tessjal you in any way are dissatisfied we will make you |
a another suit at no extra charge; or if preferable re- 1
% \ fund your money. , \\
I* We know the suit will wear to your entire satis- 1
I faction,- for the quality contained in the garments is jj
I superior to that found in the usual suits made at the i
I In addition to style, fit and value you get our re- \ H
i . pairing guarantee, which is your protection.' All re- |
1 . pairing, sponging and pressing we do free of charge. ! |
I I Why not place a trial order ? Prices | H
1 1 ZplU 10 4&t55 ! J
i I Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town cus- j rj
|h tomers through our self-measuring system — write for blank | u
I 1 740 Market Street and jj
|| Corner Powell and Eddy Streets. 1ARRIVED.
Sunday. November 22.
Nor ttmr Hero, Eyvertaen, 4 dayi from
BAILED.
Sunday, November 22.
8tmr l/orth Fork. Nelson. Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Nov 22— Bchr
Mar}' E F*ster, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 22— Jap star Rio
jun Maru, from Yokohama.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XETV YORK — Arrived Nov 22— Stmr La
Bretejme, from Havre; etmr Zerland. from
AM w«-rr>
, <JCEENFTOW1C — Arrived Nov 22 — 6tmr
Southwark. from Montreal, for Liverpool,
gailed Nov 22— Stmr Etrurla, for New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Nov 22 — Stmr Columbia,
i;.-m New York, for Glaecow, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Cam
fcriau, icr UoEton. from Queenstow-n.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., Nov. 22.—
This has been a sad day in the little
mining settlement of Ferguson. When
the books of the" company were con
sulted to-day to determine the Identity
of the dead and injured in last nlgkt's
explosion in the Ferguson mine it was
found there were twenty-ong men in
the mine last night at the time. of the
explosion.. Ten bodies were taken from
the mine last night. Of the ten injured
one died to-day and one man Is miss
ing, whose body is supposed to be still
in the mine.
Mine Inspector Callahan concluded an
inspection of the mine to-day and said
"The explosion was little less than a
freak of nature and was caused by a
fall crushing the old stoplngs between
the ; Hill farm mines and the Ferguson
mines. No- one is to blame." ,
Of Twenty-One in the Mine Eleven
Are Dead and One Is
Missing.
LIST OF DEATHS AT
FERGUSON GROWING
The Mission Turn Verein sang an
operetta. "Der Freischutz in Kamer
un," at Mission Turn Hall, Eighteenth
street, near Valencia, last night. The
libretto was in German. After the
fhow the audience participated in a
ball. Those who took part in the op
eretta were Emil Kiesendahl. Zltha
Beck. Ton! Vogt, Ton! Bergk, Joseph
Fritz, Charles Toloskl, Hans Veroni,
Professor Charles Hoffmann, Louis von
der Mehdcn and Hans Veroni; E. Hei
dorn, director.
Sing German Operetta.
Fred Martin, who lives at 2239 Mission
street, was walking along Kearny street
shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, when he was accosted by two
young men who asked him to have a
drink. They took him to 622^ Pine
street and in the hallway asked him
to let them have some money to buy the
drinks. .
Martin had $33 in his pocket and pull
ed it out, handing one of the men a dol
lar. They grabbed the balance of the
coin out of his hand and hustled him
out into the street. Martin met Police
man Farrell and Informed him of the
loss of his money. Farrell went back
with him to 522% Pine street and In a
room Martin pointed out Charles Baci
galupi as one of the two men who had
stolen his coin. Baclgalupl was ar
rested and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny and Mar
tin, who was under- the influence of
liquor, was detained as a witness
against him. j
Taken to a House on Pine Street and
Money Grabbed Out of His
Hand.
FRED MABTIN EASY
VICTIM OF SHARKS
(120th Meridian— Pacific TlmO
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 22—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a« compared with those of same date last
year, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 21 hours, season, season.
Eureka .' 13.1.1
Red Bluff 0.34 8.M 10. ns
Sacramento 0.0O 3.50 3.W
San Francisco O.flO 4.39 S.c*
Fresno 0.00 O.*4 2.«r
Independence O.OO Tr. 0.33
Pan Luis Oblspo O.oo 0.44 3.4i»
Los Angeles o.nn 0.4.1 2.47
San Diego O.OO 0.05 2.30
THE COAST RECORD.
- - - _ _ -
1 1! n;i i\ i
STATIONS. | 1 1 j|gf ¦ |* I
\ ? N " \ f
Baker 30. IS 44 36 NE Ctoudy .M
Carson 30.04 « 34 W Cloudy »0»>
Eureka m SO
Farallon 30.02 60 58 S Rain Tr.
Fresno 30.04 72 54 SE Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.10 f>8 21 S Clear .TO
Pocatello 30.12 SO 41 S Rain Tr.
Independence .30. CW 64 40 XE Clear .CO
Los Angeles... 23. 94 8O 82 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.3O.0n 57 {12 S Pt.Cldy .«'«
North Head... 30. (M 5O 46 N Pt.Cldy .OS
Phoenix 29.91 82 44 W Clear ."O
Portland 30.0fl 4fi 42 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 80. 00 60 M NW Fo*?y .02
Red Bluit .T0.0O fiS W SE Cloudy ..:i
Roseburjr 30.00 4rt 4tt XIV Rain .54
Sacramento ,.3O.0»> fis 5« PE Cloudy .(*>
Salt Lake... ..30.0H M 4* Culm Pt.CMy .00
San Francisco. 30. Oft «O 5» W Cloudy .CO
San L. Oblspo .10.02 Sf> 54 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.02 72 5t XW Clear . .<;•>
Seattle 30.12 4« 4i> NW Clear .W
Spokane 30.2ft 40 ."« N Cloudy .'*•
Tatoosh 30.10 B0 44 E Clear .<"*
Walla Walla.. 3O.t<» SO 40 & Cloudy .*J
Wlnnemncca .30.04 72 42 SW Cloudy .c<*
Yuma 29.02 S3 54 X Clear .f*>
during the conference at Windsor on
Thursday last between King Victor
Emmanuel and King Edward a perma
nent Anglo-Italian arbitration treaty
v. as approved by both monarchs.
Permanent Anglo-Italian Convention
That Will Keep the Nctions
at Peace.
LONDON. Nov. 22.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says that
TWO KINGS APPROVE
ARBITRATION TREATY
DENVER, Nov. 22.— John L. Jerome,
a prominent capitalist and former
treasurer of the Colorado i"uel and Iron
Company, was found dead In bed at
9:30 o'clock this morning at his sum
mer home at Buffalo Park, about forty
miles from Denver. He was discovered
by his housekeeper, who had instruc
tions to call him. His death was caused
by an overdose of a drug which he had
been in the habit of taking to induce
sleep. Death was evidently accidental,
and the Coroner, who arrived this aft
ernoon, made a statement to that ef
fect. The body was brought to Denver
to-night. Jerome leaves a wife and two
daughters.
John L. Jerome ' Swallows Overdose
of a Drug With Fatal
V . Results.
DENVER CAPITALIST
DIES BY ACCIDENT
"Mother" Jones and President How
ells of District No. 15, United Mine
Workers, followed on the next train
and went to Louisville, where they un
did all that Hamilton had accom
plished: ,
A telegram has been received here
by one of the officials of District 15
from John Mitchell, ' demanding by
what right they have been Interfering
with the settlement of the strike . in
the Northern Colorado fields, and or
dering them to attend strictly to the
strike in Southern Colorado.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 22.— The be
ginning of the third week of the coal
strike In the southern field finds both
sides determined fo fight to the end.
It is the intention of the United Mine
Workers to put up a strong fight
against the application for temporary
Injunction. sought by the Vlcjor Fuel
Company and set for hearing oh the
25th. They believe that If the injunc
tion Is granted, and later made perma
nent, the strike is absolutely lost to
them.
Trouble has broken out. in the ranks
of the strikers.- It leaked out to-day
that G. M. Hamilton of the American
Federation of Labor was here last
Wednesday and got the consent of the
strike managers for a settlement of the
strike in the northern coal fields. He
telegraphed the information, /together
with the statement that he would leave
for Denver that day, accompanied by
Chris. Evans and" J. F. ; Ream, who rep
resent John Mitchell in the conduct of
the strike. ; . ; . -".^r T : ;
John Mitchell's Authority Is Set
Aside In Northern Colorado.
WARRING STRIKE LEADERS.
Weather Report.
William Wilson. 2002 : ryant street,
and Patrick Coyle. 2012 Bryant street.
who are both railroad employes, were
celebrating In Wilson's residence on
Saturday night. They had a dispute
and it Is alleged that Coyle hit Wilson
on the head with a beer bottle, inflict
ing two scalp wounds. Coyle was ar
rested and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon and the broken pieces of the
bottle were befoked as evidence against
him. Wilson went to the Railroad Hos
pital and had his wounded scalp stitch
ed and dressed.
Head Harder Than Bottle.
The wounded boy was brought to this
city as soon as possible and taken to
the Harbor Hospital. Dr. Millar, the
surgeon in charge, upon making an ex
amination found that the sight of the
left eye had been entirely destroyed,
and in order to save the boy's life re
moved the optic. Several of the shot
punctured the right lung, but the In
iuries. although serious, are not re
garded as necessarily fatal.
As the result of the premature dis
charge of a shotgun in the hands of
George Ravini, Alfred Debenidetti, a
14-year-old lad, residing at 1523% Du
pont street, lies at the Harbor Hospital
in a precarious condition. The injured
boy. in company with George Ravini
and his uncle, Hugo Ravini of 1225 Un
ion street, started early yesterday
morning on a hunting trip on the hills
north of Sausalito. Nothing occurred
to mar the day's pleasure until late in
the afternoon, when George Ravini
while loading his shotgun accidentally
discharged the weapon, the bird shot
striking Debenidetti in the face and
chest.
Alfred Debenidetti, While Hunting
on Sausalito Hills, Is Seriously
Injured.
BOY HURT BY ACCIDENTAL
DISCHARGE OF A SHOTGUN
•Burglars entered* the residence of
Mrs. A. S. Turner of 2010 Cedar street
during her absence in San Francisco
last night and robbed It of $150 worth
of jewelry. Entrance was effected
through the kitchen door by means
of a skeleton key, which was found
wide open by Mrs. Turner when she
returned home last night. This makes
the seventh burglary that has oc
curred in Berkeley within a week.
The burglars turned the Turner house
upside down in their search for money.
Mrs. Turner has her money on deposit,
however, and the burglars had to be
satisfied with all the gold Jewelry they
could find. They finally made off with
two gold watches, three gold chains,
cuff buttons, pins and rings, leaving
Mrs. Turner the loser by $150. There
was a lot of silverware In the house
which the burglars could have taken,
but they did not seem to think it was
worth the trouble to carry away. A
tin cash box was smashed to pieces,
but as there was no money in it the
burglars had their trouble for nothing.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 22.
Rob Turner Residence
While the Mistress
Visits.
Captain J. A. Brown of Portland. Or.,
is at the Lick House. Captain Brown
is a senior partner of Brown & Mc-
Cabe. the leading stevedores of the
Northwest.
F. B. Walker, the millionaire timber
man of Minneapolis, who has acquired
large tracts of timber in this State,
registered at the Occidental last even
ing. He is accompanied by B. F. Nel
son, a lumberman from the same city.
Francis W. Kclsey, professor of Latin
in the University of Michigan, and
James H. Wade arrived from Ann
Arbor yesterday and are registered at
the Occidental. Their trip to the coast
Is in connection with the visit here of
several members of the Mosley Educa
tional Commission from England.
J..E. Baxter and wife and Arthur C.
Alston and wife of New York are at
the California.
Alexander Dommerich and H. H.
Rolffes, representing a large commis
sion house ot New York, are at the
Palace.
N. H. Darton, an official of the United
States Geological Department at Wash
ington, and wife arrived at the Palace
yesterday.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe's Western lines, arrived from
Los Angeles yesten -y r.nd Is staying
at the Palace.
J. K. Seebree, proprietor of the Sara
toga and Morrison hotels of Chicago
and the Illinois Catering Company, is
visiting this city and is registered at
the Grand.
Dr. G. McGregor of Seattle is at the
Palace.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed, is
at the Palace.
George E. Catts, ex-Mayor of Stock
ton, Is at the Lick.
John C. White, a merchant of Marys
ville. la at the California.
Morris Brlnn, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Fee, wealthy resi
dents of Detroit, are at the California.
Joseph Campbell, the wine man, and
wife leave to-night for Los Angeles.
Reece Llewellen, a r. ember of one of
Los Angeles' big foundry firms, I3 at
the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"A few days ago we read of a young
woman who died in the madhouse and
she reaped the wages of sin In death.
She was the daughter of a prominent
physician and married a man against
her father's wishes. A brief career on
the stage, then a drunkard's career
and then the tomb. •
"There are thousands of such cases
Young women are going to ruin and
degradation on account of their de
sires fpr social success. We see an
awful slaughter of character and repu
tation. Like the trained animal in the
slaughter-houses that leads Its mates
to their death, so thousands follow in
the course of those who go down to
disgrace in the search for social sue
cess.
"Thousands of young me n and
women when warned will say, 'Oh yea
I know it is all true what you say but
1 know when to stop.' ,
"Those who have fallen to disgrace
and ruin in the search for social SU c!
cess said the same thing. and so dfd
Samson. We brag about our wM
power and that we know of our ability
2 S Ve ou K rSelVe8 from pub »c ruin and
dishonor but we do but little, to ."*
thousands who are not strong and who
cannot save themselves from the dith
that follow, the excesses or sociaM^
REAPED WAGES OF SIN.
"The newspapers are daily filled with
such instances of ruin brought about
by endeavors to reach social success.
Even to-day we read In the papers of
a cousin of William -Vanderbllt who
died In a cheap lodging-house fre
quented by tramps. He was well con
nected, well educated and was married
to a beautiful and good woman. But
his social success led to social excess.
His wife was forced to leave him and
he sank to degradation.
" 'A good fellow* will drink with his
companions and then go home drunk to
his wife and family, or he will take a
companion home who Is in that condi
tion.
".How many are there of these good
fellows who, for social success, dis
honor their God and their parents. I
quote one instance of a young man
who killed himself because he could
not face the results of his social ex
cesses.
"We must not forget the bitterness
of his end. This strong man was made
tveak and a dupe in the lap of a Delilah
and truly it was said, 'That her steps
lead down to death, her feet lead down
to hell.*
"Too often is the excuse made of a
man who goes to excess in social life
by saying, 'He Is a good fellow." It Is
the 'good fellows' who go down to de
struction. It is a poor apology to say
of a man, 'He is a good fellow.'
"Dr. Holland said that 'a good fel
low' is a bad fellow through and
through; he Is as vain as a peacock, as
selfish as a pig and as unprincipled as
a thief. *
"HE IS A GOOD FELLOW."
"Jovial nature in social life leads too
often to excesses and disaster. Sam
son's jovial nature led to his ruin and
it was left to the young lad David to
establish the kingdom of Israel as an
instrument In the hands of God.
"How often we see bright men fall
in life on account of their excesses in
social life. It was so with Samson. He
went to excess in social life and also
failed morally. His enemies made sport
of him and he died by his own hand. In
disgrace, a slave, in dishonor, a sui
cide.
"Samson was a type of the social
success on which I speak to-night. He
was well trained by his parents to be
an honor to them and his family. Good
parentage Is a great need of the present
day. Not sufficient attention is given
by parents to the selection of the play
mates of their children, who are des
tined later on to become their associ
ates in social life.
"Samson was well looked after in his
youth and on account of his superb
physique he received devotion and at
tention. He was a perfect athlete and
would have made an ideal football
player of to-day.
"Samson was also a man of Intellect
and wit and was fond of practical Jok
ing. But one of these Jokes led ulti
mately to disaster. We recently heard
of a case of hazing In a college that led
to a charge of murder.
"True social life is a necessity and it
should be one of the greatest pleasures
of mankind.
"A Social Success" was the topic of
the sermon delivered last evening by
Rev. F. M. Larkin, pastor of Grace
Methodist. Church. Twenty-first and
I Capp streets, before a large congrega
tion.
The sermon was one of a - series en
titled "Successful Men" and the ad
dresses are attracting considerable at
tention.
. In dwelling on the topic "A Social
Success," Rev. Mr. Larkin said that
many dangers beset those who are
striving for social recognition. "We do
not belong, ' he said, "to that social set
whose social success Is reported in the
daily press. We are not interested In
the Newport set, which entertains a
monkey at. Its dinner tables and bows
to the simian as the distinguished vis
itor of the function.
"Many men are successful in business
and also in social life and that social
life Is the one In which he finds pleas
ure and the enjoyment of Intellectual
desires.' -
"Social success is a dangerous road
because of the probability of social ex
cess. Many people frown on social life,
and perhaps rightly, wnen It Is carried
to excess. At one time social excess
was a custom and the only pleasure
was meditation and prayer. The latter
was a reaction against the excess.
' "In the days of Rome the excesses of
the Romans were so great that the
Christians turned against those prac
tices by prayer. The Romans strove for
social success as well as military pres
tige and the former was their undoing.
TRUE SOCIAL LIFE NEEDED.
BURGLARS TAKE
ALL THE JEWELS
; Fritchman, who posed as a liquor
dealer, gave Watkins 5500 In marked
bills to hand to Dr. Blinn. It had been
previously arranged between Dr. Blinn
and Watkins, Lord says, that the lat
ter should receive a commission of $100
for bringing about the meeting.
I After the. payment of the money Wat
kins and Fritchman were permitted to
remain. In the. operating room. As Dr.
Blinn was about' to. administer chloro
form, Fritchman drew a revolver and
told the doctor that lie was under ar
rest. Quickly stepping "to a desk be
fore the detective realized what he in
tended doing. Dr. Blinn reached for a
revolver. Fritchman was upon him be
fore he could get possession of the
weapon, however, and forced him into
a chair, holding him there until the
other detectives, with Corregan and
Lord, were admitted. Handcuffs were
then placed upon Dr. Blinn and he was
taken to the police station.
; A woman who said she was Mrs. Mary
filler, but whose name is believed to
be, Craig., a. nurse in the employ of. Dr.
Blinn, was arrested, charged with be
ing an accomplice.
Upon seyerai previous occasions Dr.
Blinn has been involved in serious dif
ficulties, but it has been impossible. to
prove thei charges. Upon the recom
mendation, of, the County Medical So-,
ciety, ;Ed\vin.;Watkina, a medical stu
dent, recently entered into correspond
ence, with "DK Blinn, giving his name
as "Dr. : J.' : Sterling ' Loomis," and ar
ranged to have . a ' young woman -call
Upon him; The correspondence resulted
In Detective Fritchman going to the'
doctor's house to-day with a woman;
Other detectives and Assistant District
Attorneys Lord and Corregan remained
outside. :. .' ¦ ;/
NEW YORK. Nov. 22. -As a result
of the combined movement of the
County Medical Society and Health
Commissioner Lederle, Dr. Francis
Gray Blinn was arrested to-day at his
sanitarium, charged with attempting to
perform an illegal operation. -
Rev. Logan held that instead of one
candidate on each party ticket where
one is to be elected, there should be
ten, or even twenty, of the best men
available on each ticket. This, he said,
would give' a larger number to select
from and would Insure a truer expres
sion of the wishes of the people.
The formation of clubs for Instruc
tion on political questions was advo
cated by the lecturer. He closed by
saying that we pray "thy kingdom
come," and we look for the time when
the kingdoms of .this world shall be
come the kingdoms of God. He asked
his congregation to vote as It prayed,
for every vote for righteousness was a
vote for the kingdom of God.
The Rev. Mr. Logan announced that
next Sunday night his subject will be
"Christian Science."
The lecturer then Went on to speak
of some of the elements that enter into
the make-up of a "good citizen." The
first element was conscience, said Rev.
Logan, and in this respect he drew at
tention to the necessity of every man
voting and voting on the side of right
ousness. If a man was a true Chris
tian he must necessarily be a good cit
izen, for that included honesty and in
dustry and activity in every good work.
VOTING BLINDLY A CRIME.
He spoke of the criminality of citi
zens neglecting to vote or voting blind
ly for men and measures. Since the
late municipal election, he said, he had
been doing a lot of hard thinking.
When the time came to vote many
were called upon to support men and
measures of which they knew very lit
tle. Owing to the Influence of political
bosses and political machines, he said,
who usually named the candidates for
office, the voters had, after all, very
little to say as to the selection of the
men elected.
j Rev. Mr. Logan" began ; by showing
the attitude which the pulpit should
j assume toward political and. social
questions. God, he said, dealt with
men: not only as individuals, but as
nations. The old prophets/ he said,
were not. only preachers but '.were
statesmen as well and they vigorously
(and relentlessly attacked the national
evils of their time. He felt that It was
little use trying to reform- the indi
vidual so long as the social- conditions
were such that temptation met him at
j every step of his life. „-
He believed In reform. He believed
that the people by banding themselves
i together for good and pure civic govern
i ment could gain their desire, and a"s an
illustration. Rev. Mr. Logan said that
New York was a better governed city
to-day because ten years ago the lead-
Ing preachers of that metropolis united'
with the best men and overthrew Tam
many Hall, the most powerful and
most corrupt political machine, he said,
that had ever existed In this fair land.
TAMMANY HALL REFORMED.
The Sabbath in New York became a
day of. rest;" all saloons as well as every
other place of business closed Saturday
night at 12 o'clock and remained closed
until Monday morning, the ' speaker
said. Even Tammany Hall itself had
been reformed, at least outwardly, and
that he considered was an achievement.
Why, he asked, did. they speak of the
"Responsibilities of American citizen
ship" rather than "Citizenship in gen
eral?" In this respect, he pointed out
that in Russia the Czar was the abso
lute law maker and his people had no I
voice in the government-of the country,
hence they had littje or no responsibil
ity. Here in America every citizen.
In theory at least, he said, had an equal
voice in the government of the country
and in the making of the laws by
which he himself' is governed.
second of a series of Sunday evening
lectures delivered by the Rev. R. Logan
at Lebanon Presbyterian Church, cor
near of Sanchez and Twenty-third
streets, last night/ '? ¦..
Citizenship" was the subject of the
"The Responsibility of American
It is suggested that it is doubtful if
there will be a quorum Tuesday, and
that if the point of no quorum should
be raised it would be impossible to act
on a concurrent resolution providing
for an adjournment even should one
be brought over from the Senate. Some
of the House leaders have expressed
themselves in opposition to an adjourn
ment before the Cuban bill shall have
been disposed of, but what might be
the result of a conference between the
leaders of the Senate and House oh
this position remains to be seen. It Is
possible that the Speaker may be
ready to announce the committee as
signments by the end of the week. If
this is done the House will be fully
organized and prepared at the opening
of the regular session next month to
proceed to business. Members of both
Bides of the House are mindful of the
convention to be held next year and
the desire will be generally to rush the
work as fast as possible In order that
the regular session may be brought to
a close as early as possible.
HOPE FOR AN AGREEMENT.
The House will meet Tuesday. That
body having disposed of the Cuban bill.
It has no business before It, and un
less an agreement Is effected by which
the called session is to be brought to
an early close an adjournment proba
bly will be taken until Friday, and then
an adjournment until Monday or Tues
day.
The committees announcement is like
ly to be made the occasion for a speech
by Senator Morgan, which is anticipat
ed with considerable interest. In the
make-up of the committees the Ala
bama Senator will be displaced as
chairman of the Committee on Isth
mian Canals. He has been chairman of
that committee since its organization
and has been identified with it ever
Bince he entered the Senate. It is un
derstood that he will review to some
extent his connection with the impor
tant work and that in doing so he will
sharply criticize those who fail to agree
with him in advocacy of the Nicaragua
route.
In addition to receiving the report
on the Cuban bill the Senate probably
will make a reassignment of Senators
to committees to-morrow.
After being reported to-morrow the
Cubali bill will lie on the table for a
day unless there is unanimous con
sent that its consideration shall begin
immediately. When it is taken up Sen
ator Cullom will make a brief speech
in explanation of Its merits and after
he concludes there probably will be no
more addressses by friends of the bill
until toward the close of the discus
sion. In the meantime the Colorado,
Louisiana, Texas and Florida Senators
and probably some others will make
speeches Intended to show that the en
actment of the bill into law will be In
jurious to the sugar interests of the
United States and contrary to the best
policy.
CULLOM WILL SPEAK.
i SENATE WANTS TO ADJOURN.
The understanding in the Senate is
that a day for taking a vote on the Cu
[ ban bin will be fixed without regard
to the adjournment of the extra ses
sion. The bill will then be reported by
Senator Cullom and he will ask that a
day be fixed for the vote, whereupon
December 16 will be named if the pres
ent plan is carried out. When the Re
publican Senators secure this agree
ment they will be comparatively indif
ferent as to whether the Senate re
mains in session or not. They think
it preferable that the extra session
should come to a close, as many Sena
tors desire to visit their homes before
the regular session begins, but if an
adjournment is not had there will be
a general agreement among Senators
which will render it unnecessary for a
majority to remain in Washington. If
any considerable number of Senators
desire to meet for the purpose of mak- ¦
ing and listening to speeches on the \
Cuban bill they will be allowed that i
privilege, with the understanding that
no other business shall be taken up.
If there are no speeches to be made the
Senate will take frequent adjourn
ments for three days at a time, as per
mitted by the constitution, without ref
erence to what the House may do.
There are a number of Senators who
desire to discuss the Cuban bill, but it
is probable that most of them will
postpone their speeches until after the
beginning of the regular session, De
cember 7.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— The Sen
ate will begin the week in a state of
uncertainty as to whether a final ad
journment of the extra session will be
secured during the Week or the reg
ular daily sessions continued. A ma
jority of the Senators are anxious to
bring the session to a close and to this
end an agreement has practically been
entered into for a vote on December
16 on the Cuban bill. The acquies
cence of the House of Representatives
in the programme, however, has not
been secured and until the two houses
reach an agreement no definite an
nouncement can be made. Leading
Senators on the whole are rather con
fident that an adjournment will be
brought about and say it will be im
possible to hold a quorum of either
body after Thanksgiving. The present
understanding is that a proposition to
set a day for adjournment will be made
by the Senate on Monday or Tuesday,
whereupon it will be formally conveyed
to the House. This will form a basis
for negotiations, as thus far there has
been no conference between members
of the House on the adjournment ques
tion.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— .According to the
Tientsin correspondent of the Daily
Mail, China is becoming hopeless of re
sisting Russia. The Peking Govern
ment, the correspondent says, la in de
spair, confronted as it is by the need of
action which the divided opinion of the
Ministers renders it important to take.
The movements of troops continue.
According to the same dispatch, the
commission recently appointed by Vice
roy. AlexiefC has finished its delibera
tions.
The Japanese Journal, the Nagasaki
Shimpo, the dispatch adds, announces
that a Japarese squadron of twelve
vessels has left Jasebo for an unknown
destination.
BERLIN. Nov. 22.— A dispatch re
ceived from Port Arthur says that 300
Japanese soldiers, with a few officers,
have left Tientsin for Japan.
Dr. A. F. Higgins held an autopsy
this afternoon at the Morgue on the
body of Terrick and found a shock to
have been the cause of death. On Yer
rick's right foot near the instep was
a tri-ngular seared scar showing where
the end of the dangling and deadly wire
had struck the member -nd carried in
stant death. Yerrick was a robust
man of fine physique. Coroner
will hold :•-> inquest prob
ably on Wednesday. He desires to
have Bertz's testimony, however, and
will wait until the young man shall
have recovered.
Funeral services over the late as
sistant superintendent will be held
Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock from the
Chapel in Albert Brown's building on
Thirteenth street near Jefferson. The
pallbearers will be selected from the
railroad force.
By afternoon Bortz had so far im
proved that the hospital surgeons gave
their consent to his r :uest to be sent
home. The patient wan taken there in
the police wagon.
Bertz is an ironworker employed at
the Judson Manufacturing Company's
plant at Emeryville. He is 19 years
old and assists in the support of a
•widowed mother an* 1 five younger
children.
me. and I was walking down town, in
tending to go to the Dewey Theater.
That is all I know about it. I do not
recall anything about the shock or
Yerrick."
ing. At 4 o'clock Steward Harry Bor
ehert, who had been watching the pa
tient closely all night, felt Bertz's pulse.
The stricken young man came out of
his comatose state with a start. Bertz
had not the slightest idea what had
l^faUen him. After Steward Borchert
had enlightened the youth. Bertz said:
"I do not remember anything that
occurred. Shortly before the accident
I had left home at S52 Spring street, a
few blocks from wf ere the wire caught
That Bertz should survive is deemed
marvelous by the physicians. For
hours after the shock the patient was
in severe convulsions and only after
constant effort were the conditions bet
tered. Bertz was senseless when he
was taken to the hospital, and he re
mained in that state until this morn-
Though burned and seared by the in
tense current. H. Bertz lives after re
ceiving the full shock from 2400 volts of
electricity. Bertz regained conscious
ness at 4 o'clock this morning at the
J receiving Hospital, where he was taken
last r.iirht after coming in contact with
a charged wire at Thirty-fifth and
Market streets, which killed Clark Yer
rick, assistant superintendent o? the
fcan Francisco. Oakland and San Jose
Kallroad.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Xov. 22.
The contracts let by the Alameda Land Com
jiany this year have exceeded those of any of
the fifteen years preceding.
There fs not a city to-day In America that
offers the exceptionally fine Inducements for
homeeeekers that Alameda does. The one thing
noticeable In Alameda to-day is the style and
character of the homes built, the fine school
accommodations, the beautiful avenues and
streets that compare favorably with any In the
world, and the delightful, balmy. Invigorating
air that Alameda is noted for tend to advance
realty conditions in Alameda. From a resi
dence standpoint there is no place Its equal
from a speculative one. It gives every promise
cf fulfilling the expectations and most sanguine
hopes cf tnose already Interested, and from the
frteady and Increasing demand for realty and
the determined tone of her people Alameda Is
destined to grow and blossom year by year
until the la properly and Justly recognized as
the equal If not the superior city for Investment
and homes in California.
Alameda Land Company, Alameda — Speaking
of the condition of the realty market in Ala
meda. the Alameda Land Company was never
more encouraged than at present. The steady
increase of property, the substantial character
of the homes now being erected, and the grow
ing and constant demand for homes give every
promise to the investor and assure the specu
lator a lucrative field for Investment. The nat
ural advantages of Alameda place It ahead of
any city of Its size In California; the fact that
million.-? of dollars will soon be spent In mak
ing the marsh lands habitable, and additional
appropriations granted for extension of streets
and parks enthuss us to a marked extent. - Ala
meda being the nearest and most direct point
to San Francisco, makes It an Ideal residence
city for thos*; occupied in business in San
Francisco, and from the beautiful mansions
built h«re during the last few years Alameda
can rank as one of the prettiest and beet ktnt
title* In the world. Other features that attract
and draw homeseekers to our city are the clean
liness and excellent condition of her streets
fine schools, car system and sewer system all
of which Is perfect, together with enjoying the
lowest death rate of any city of its size in the
Union. .
The prices of property have advanced 20 per
cent over the prices of last year, and yet there
is a great demand for home sites, and In fact
for property of all kinds. We have a continual
demand for houses to rent, but at present
there is not a house or cottage to be had In
this neighborhood.
On the whole the average condition of the
market is better than at this time last year.
We occupy a point of peculiar advantage.
The swelling tides of growth of three cities —
Berkeley, Oakland and San Francisco — hero
meet. That they will bring to us a flood of
prosperity seems certain.
H. A. Pleitner, Fruitvale — The market dur
ing the months of September and October was
unusually active, and during November, al
though the heavy rains have interfered some
what with business, the conditions on the
whole are better than they were at this time
laet year.
H. D. Irwin. Lorin — Prospects are bright for
realty in Lorin and vicinity, comprising the
southern end of Berkeley, the northern part of
Oakland and extending to the beautiful Clare
mont district at the Late of the hills. For sev
eral years back the growth of this section has
been unsurpassed by any locality around the
bay. Factors materially contributing to this
growth have been our excellent transportation
facilities and the low price of land. More
actual va'.ue for the money is to be obtained
here than can be had elsewhere.
The new ferry, reducing the time between
here and San Francisco to thirty minutes' and
adding greatly to the facilities for travel,
should unquestionably augment this growth.
We are now as convenient to the business
heart of San Francisco as a large portion of
the residence section of that city.
Our accessibility, combined with the high
rents obtaining, njust add many to our popula
tion. It ie a fact that by paying a few hun
dred dollars In cash and a monthly installment
equal to their present rent, dwellers In flats
and apartment houses in San Francisco can ob
tain and in a few years twice pay for a home
here, vastly plea*anter in itself and its sur
roundings than they are now occupying. These
conditions appeal especially to parents with
growing children. This is a children's para
dise and those brought here puny and sick
from the Kreat city in a few months' time are
well and robust.
times came in lS'Xi. The growth of Berkeley
depends primarily upon the growth of the uni
versity, and. like that institution, the town'haa
doubled in sUe in the last two. years., Thjs. of
course, has given a tremeridous Impetus to the
eale of home places, to say nothing of the spec
ulative transactions which always come in con
nection with an Influx of population in "this
way. Berkeley has come to be- reccicnUed,
however, as being the very best and choicest
place to live in on the eastern bay shore,- and
that in Itself has been enough to keep the real
estate men budy. We, tor our own part, have
never before done so large a business as we
have during the last six months. It may be,
as some people would have us believe,, that we
are going to have a break In the prosperity
that we am now enjoying, but the feeling In
Berkeley is that even If depression should
strike jjther places, Berkeley would hold its
own long after the market was gone from other
towns. It was so daring the last panic, and
there is every reason to suppose that It will be
so again. Me did not really feel the pinch here
for several years after the real trouble began
elsewhere. So sure are we that there Is going
to be. no falling away In the bulk of business
dene that we are bonding up on long time con
tracts all the property that we can possibly get
hold of. with the idea that we will .need It
when the movement begins In the spring.
Chen»y & Berry, Berkeley— The real estate
business la Berkeley has be«-n larger and better
during the last year than in any year of 'the
five that preceded It. It is fully as good a
market as that which existed before the" hard
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 22. •
The realty market during the last
week has been active and steady, with
a slight upward tendency in prices.
Suburban residence lots are in demand
and sales are numerous. This condi
tion is also true of East Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda. •: . .
While there is considerable, inquiry
for building sites in the. business cen
ter, there are few. good offerings, as
owners of business property are not
anxious to sell, as the impression pre
vails that advances in the price . of
business property can be relied upon.
The demand for stores to rent can*
not be supplied at present and it seems
as if the business of this city is rapid :
\y outgrowing its accommodations.
Following are the opinions of several
prominent real estate dealers: -
Desire to Be "Good Fellows"
Ofcen Leads to Ruin
and Disgrace.
Speaks of Attitude the Pulpit
Should Take on Political
Questions.
All Depends on the Day to Be
Fixed for Vote on the
Cuban Bill.
Dealers in Berkeley and Ala
meda Report Market
Very Active.
China's Army Is Moving, but
Resistance to Russia
Seems Hopeless.
Remembers Nothing About
the Tragic Death of
Clark Yerrick.
Authorities Use Strategy
to Arrest an ,Old
v ioiator.
Rev. R. Logan Lectures
, at Lebanon Presby-
Rev. F. M. Larkin Deliv
ers Sermon on the
Steady Demandfor Good
Suburban Residence
Property.
Young Victim of Elec
tric Current Regains
His Senses.
Upper House Favors Ad
journment of Extra
Session.
Twelve Ships Depart for
an Unknown Des
tination.
Physician Is. Caught in
.the Act. of an Illegal
Operation.
GIVES HIS VIEWS
ON CITIZENSHIP
SENATORS WANT
TO GO HOME
SOCIAL SUCCESS
HAS PITFALLS
LIVES THROUGH
TERRIFIC SHOCK
JAPAN'S TROOPS
SHOW ACTIVITY
REALTY VALUES
ARE INCREASING
SLEUTHS TRAP
QUACK DOCTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, MONDAY, NOYEMBER 23, 1903.
PARIS, Nov. 22.— Marquis do Cabriac,
the celebrated French diplomatist, ia
dead. He was born in 1850. ... .
French Diplomat Dies.
SAN JUAX; P. R.. Nov. 22. — United
States Senator Newlands' resolution In
viting Cuba to become a State of the
United States and providing that Porto
Rico shall become a province of Cuba,
has been received with derision by the
Porto Rican press and public.
LAKEVIEW. Or., Nov. 22.— Word has
been received here of a murder which
occurred some distance from Lake view
yesterday. Phil Barry, a youth of ,19
years, quarreled with Timothy Ahern,
a young man. of his own age, drew his
revolver and shot Ahern, who died
shortly before midnight. No particu
lars of .the. tragedy have .been received.,
Young Man Commits Murder.
FORECAST
WEATHER C0NDITI0N3 AND GENERAL,
Cloudy weather prevail over the n«rtSfr«
portion of the Pacific slope and h^JW^
southern. Rain has fallen In "the upper *«< J^
mento Valley. Southern Oreson and Southern
pressure has fallen rapidly alon* ihj
coast from San Francisco n % hwa^ ""^V
are Indications cf the approach of another d.s
tU ThT C 'empe%tu h A P hai remained nearly sta
tionary fr Tall fdWHcw. It i» above the normal
h^th^ W Calif«nU t USS^S el in S icrtb por
tly "JlSudy °?n south portion Monday: fresh
¦°Sou e tne y rn Win c»Uforni»-r.ir Monday; l.ght
west wind. ., .
rarfef^'-^d^rci^y-noudy Monday.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
4Referee Eddie " Graney visited Fitz
yesterday and watched him work out.
He was. surprised at the speed.'clever
ness and ; punching powers of Fitz.
Graney thinks him a wonderful man.
The "little horseshoer" will visit Gard
ner to-day and will talk over the rules
with him. Graney says the battle will
be a hot one, and he is doing some
quiet work to prepare himself for stren
uous-going when the light-heavy
weights get busy next Wednesday
Both Fitz and Gardner will let up in
their work to-day. They will box to
keep.: their .eyes in shape, but slugging
will be omitted. Nejther man wishes
to take a chance of injuring his hands.
Fitz says his mitts are in perfect con
dition.
man' next Wednesday night. Gardner
will know he has been fighting when
I finish with him, even If I'm half-dead.
I weighed 162 pounds when I came off
the road this morning, and I could
make 158 pounds if necessary. There Is
no danger of Gardner securing my for
feit of $2000 by my not getting down to
weight. I always fought at 158 and felt
strong."
A large number of visitors crossed
the bay yesterday to see Gardner at
Larkspur. The Lowell boxer worked
like a trojan, and the visitors marveled
at his strength and speed. Gardner
went twelve rounds on the bag. without
a let-up, and then took on Greggains
and Foley without resting* His wind is
perfect and his punching powers are
on the Increase. He hurt Foley with
some of his love taps. Greggains could
feel the force of his plledriver blows
through his pneumatic protector. Alec
had to. go with the punch or succumb.
He kept after Gardner, and George
would meet him with stiff punches.
VIENNA,' Nov. 22.— Croatian peas
ants' of ;Nagyluk, in Transylvania, on
Friday, last organized a murderous at
tack on .their Hungarian neighbors.
The Croatians assembled during the
day, and armed themselves with re
volvers', ,'stlcks and hay forks and at
nightfall: stoned the Magyar houses and
dragged the inmates ,: into the streets.
One ; farmer . was beaten to death and
most • of j the Hungarians were Injured,
many, severely. „
Croatians Attack Hungarians.
H-I-l-I-l-I-l-I-l-I-H-H-I-I-I-l-I-l-H-H- •
ing is the time by miles— 1:14, :56.
,:55 3-5, :552-5, 55, :544-5, :544-5,l:03, 1:04,
1:04 4-5. -The sixth and seventh miles
were driven in time one-fifth of a sec
ond lower than the. American mile rec
ord, previously held .by Oldfleld. On
the eighth, ninth and tenth miles Old
field's big: machine did not perform
well, which reduced the average time
and prevented him breaking the ten
mile record. ;' -:'\ z -
Tugs-of-War at' Santa' Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 22. — Under .the
auspices of the Federated Labor /jnion,
composing all of the organized labor
unions of this city, n series of tugs
of-war have been given the last week.
Three nights were devoted' to the sport
and, despite the great downpour of
rain, good attendances were had. The
tugs were concluded last evening,* after
which the hod carriers' team challenged
the winning team to a contest for |100
a * side. This match will probably - be
pulled off Friday night. After, the tugs
dancing has been enjoyed nightly.^.
LOS,' ANGELES, Nov. * 22.— Barney
Oldfleld, the champion automobllist.ap-'
peared before a crowd of 10,000 * people
at Agricultural Park track this after
noon at a' special matinee performance'
and incidentally established .two new
records for automobiles. In a five-mile
trial against time Oldfield drove his big
"Bullet; No. 2" machine over .the dis
tance . in -4 minutes 40 1-5:, seconds,
.which, :it .was. announced, reduced the
preyiou8 record 4 4-5 seconds... He also
covered'two miles, each in 55 4-5 sec
ond, a new record^' •
In competition with his "Baby Bullet
No.l2" machine, driven by, Charles Gra-'
ham' of New 1 York, to , which he allowed
a handicap of one minute, Oldfield
"covered the* ten miles in 9:57. '.Folio w-
Cuts One-Fifth of a See
on d Off Former '
ALAMEDA, Nov. 22.— Eight goals
were made by the Independent eleven
of the California Association Football
League in their game with the Oc
cidentals on the Webster street field
to-day, while the latter only succeeded
In kicking the pigskin sphere into the
net twice. Five of the winners' tallies
were scored in the first half. The van
quished placed one goal to their credit
In each half. From the kick off the. In
dependents were the aggressors, and by
good team work kept the ball in the
Occidentals' territory the greater part
of the game. The Occidentals played In
poor form. They were weakened by the
absence of their regular goal keeper.
Chlevers. who failed to appear on the
grounds. His place was filled by Mc-
Carthy, who strove hard to prevent the
sphere from conJng in wlere it count
ed. Lack of practice an '.want of. fa
miliarity with the difficult position
nan. Knell, Dplroas. Three-base hit — Egan.
Two-base hits— Delmas, Graham. Shay. Sac
rifice hit* — Hildebrand (2). Meany. First. base
on errors — Kan Francisco 1. First base on
balls — Off Knell. *i; off IbcrR. 2. Left on bases
— Sacramento N. Ran Francisco 9. Struck out—
By Kn<ll. 2; by Iberg. 1. Double plays— Knell
to Egan to Hogan; Ddmaa to Shay to Pabst.
Time of : game— Two hours. Umpire—O'Con
ncll -
Scoring Eight Goals to Two.
Defeats the Occidentals at AJameda,
INDEPENDENT ELEVEN WINS.
Occidentals — Goal, McCarthy; backs,
Hljrglns, Bowden; half , backs, Smith,
Lloyd, Hayes; forwards, F. Holland,
Condon, V. Holland. Evans and Shaugh
nessy. Independents— Goal, Forbes,
backs, "Walsh, Nolan; half backs,
Walsh, Nolan, McGran; forwards,
Mechaels, E. Fay, Watt, Russelland F.
handicapped the substitute and the op
posing punters foui.d but little trouble
In driving the sphere between the goal
posts. Whenever the Independents got
the ball moving their way- there were
alwaj's men to follow it up. Four of
the goals were made by running : the
sphere from one end of the field to the
other and straight into the net. Several
complaints of rough playing on the part
of the Independents were made by the
Occidentals. The teams line up as fol
lows :
Fitz did not turn loose on Kennedy
because the latter's nose has been
knocked out of shape In previous bouts
by the hard fisted Cornishman. He
There was a great crowd in the gym
nasium awaiting Bob when he came
forth to box with Joe Kennedy and
Sam Berger. "Billy" Jordan was mas
ter of ceremonies and made* the crowd
refrain from expressing its approval or
disapproval during the bouts.
KENNEDY HITS ,HABD. '.
Bob Fitzsimmons is suffering from a
severe cold and as a result his joints
are a trifle stiff. The Cornishman work
ed out before an immense crowd at
Croll's yesterday and pleased every one
by his speed and punching powers. It
was between waits ana in Ris retir
ing room that the initiated discovered
Fitz was no,t at his best. His breath
ing was labored and he complained of
a stiffness in the cords of his neck.
Fitz was not as badly, off, however,
as he tried to make it appear. He likes
to have his opponent believe he is suf
fering from all the ills man is heir to.
There Is no mistake about his cold. He
complains at all times and coughs a
great deal. He hopes to be rid of it
by Wednesday evening, and if good
care will relieve him of the attack he
will be himself again.
Mrs. Fitzsimmons kept time for her
athletic husband while he administered
terrific wallops on the bag. He ham
mered away at the inflated sphere for
fifteen minutes, taking a half minute
rest between rounds. The thunders he
awoke by his terrific smashes proved
to the satisfaction of the most critical
that the blacksmith still possesses the
punching powers that brought him to
the top of the ladder of pugilistic fame.
OLOFIELD LOWERS
THE MILE RECORD
'Fitz was doleful when discussing his
condition. He complained about the
weather and his cold, and said he was
not acclimated.' When pointedly asked
if his condition satisfied himself Fitz
replied In the negative. •
"I have not felt goodin training," he
said. "I seem to lack my usual -speed,
and I'll be lucky if I win. This cold
has bothered me greatly and, I have
not been myself. It will be a fight be
jtween a good" old man and a young
FITZ IS DOLEFUL.
In his bout with Berger greater clev
erness was shown. The Olympic Club's
crack heavy-weight sailed into Bob and
the latter was kept busy blocking ami
ducking. Fitz once In a while would
become aggressive to show Sam he was
still in the game. Fitz would shoot out
his left with unerring aim and Ber
ger's head would go back. The eight
rounds were fast. The Cornishman was
watched narrowly by prospective-bet
tors, but he did not give them a chance
to get a good line on his condition. It
Is only In" private that Fitz cuts loose,
and then Kennedy and Berger feel the
force of h!s terrific punches.
showed great cleverness- in stopping
the heavy punches Kennedy let fly at
him. Some of the blows sent in ¦ by
the 220-pound boxer must have hurt,
but Bob never showed distress nor ill
feeling. It was remarked by friends of
Jeffries and Corbett.that if Kennedy
had landed with such frequency and
force ' on either of those boxers they
would have lost . their tempers and
would have punished their sparring
partner. Fitz's footwork was as de
ceiving as ever. He was unable to get
out of the way of some of Kennedy's
rushes and he would duck into a clinch
or ta'.ce the blows on his shoulders or
arms.
EX-CIIAMPION OF THE HEAVY-WEIGHT DIVISION OF* BOXERS WHO WILL PUT HIS ABILITY " TO THE
TEST IN A NEW CLASS ON WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION, WHEN HE MEETS
GEORGE GARDNER. • ' ' . . .
SACRAMENTO. Nov.. 22.— Southpaw
Knell was effective to-day, although a
trifle wild at times. The Senators re
versed the score of the previous day
and shut out the Prodigals. The field
ing was fast and snappy. Delmas car
ried off the batting honors with three
safe hits. Feore:
Sacramento — San Francisco —
A.HR. H. P.A. A.BR. H. P.A.
Doyle, cf 4 1 2 3 J Khar. c. 3 0 1 2 7
UttAM.lt .1 f»040 Meany.rf :t O 0 .1 «
McL*rn.rf 5 0 2 0 J ilrwin. 3b'3 0 0 0 4
rasey 2b 4 0 0 0 2 Jvcahy. c. 3 0 0 10
tvKan. *. 3 2 1 2 5 Krusr. cf. 4 O 1 10
Bhehn.Sb 4 O 1 1 2 Lynch. Jf 2 O 0 1 0
(lrah«m. e 4 O 2 4 -Jll'i.i.t lb 4 O O 16 2
Hrsan.lb 4 1 2 7 1 !nelrrE.2b 4 0 3 2 2
Knell, p. 4 0 1 i- 2 Jberg. p. 3 0 1 12
Tota-J.V'j 4I127 1C! ToJaJ«-2? 0 <J 27 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
1 00 1 1001 O — 4
Raw? hits 1 OO 1 4 2 1 2 0 — Jl
Han FYancieco. ...O O O O OO O 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 0 0 1 1.0 2 1 I— «
BUMMAI1T.
Stolen bases— Ecan (2). Ibcrf . Errors— Shee-
Southpaw Knell.
UNCLE'S MEN FAIL TO SCORE.
Are Unable to Locate the Twisters of
\jr>% AncelrF — I Portland —
AH. R. H- P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
H"y.cf.. 4 115 O VBum.cf 3 10 10
*Vh"eJr.2b 3 0 0 0 0 Fremn.lb 4 0 0 9 1
FmHh.Sh 4 2 2 3 3 Blake.Sh 3 0 13 1
IMlion.lb 3 O 2 R 1 An<5sn.2b 3 0 12 1
rrvth.r? 4O100 N'adeu.lf 30020
no5f=,lf ..' 3 O 1 4 O,Franci«.P 3 0 0 2 2
Baymd.e 2 0 0 1 I.Thltr.n.rf 3 10 2 0
Fples.c. . 3 O O 4 O'Phea,c... 3 O O 3 1
;™«,p.. 3 0 0 2 2 N'ewton.p 4 O O O 4
•ICaper.. 1O000
Total* 29 2 2 21 10
Tot»U 30 3 7 27 7
•Eajrer batted for Wheeler.
RCNS AND HITS BY IN'NIXGS.
Lr>« Arwrelee 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 x— 3
Rase hits 120 20 1 O2 X— 7
Portland 0 0 1 0 O 0 1 O O— 2
Ban* Wt» 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—2
SUMMARY.
Stolen ba»e — Dillon. Error* — fmlth, Dillon,
Raymond. Freeman. Frajicle. Phea. Thr«-e
baae hit — Hoy. Two-base hit — Smith. Sacri
fice hits Dillon. Shea. First ba.se on errors —
Portland 2 I/w Ans«U« 2. Firwt ba.«e on balls
Off Vewton I. off Jones 5. L»ft on bases —
Portland 7. I»» Angeles IV. Double play—
Jones t« Dillon. Hit by r»<-ner— Anderson.
Wild pitch— Newton. Tim* of game— 1:40.
Vrnplrcf— McDonald and Francks.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22.— Portland
dropped the last game of the season
on the local grounds to the Angels to
day by the score of 3 to 2, notwith-
Ftanding the fact that Newton pitched
for them. Oscar Jones was in the box
for Los Angeles, and, barring a spell
of wildness in the second and third in
nings, pitched up to his Brooklyn form.
Not a hit was made off his delivery
until the eighth, when the northerners
pathered two singles, which, however,
did not count in the run getting. Jones'
wildneis was responsible for the first
run made by Portland and errors by
DiP.in and Smith let another man
across the plate. Newton pitched fine
b-ill and had he been given perfect sup
port the score would have been 2 to l
in favor of Portland. The big crowd
had great eport in urging Newton to
strike out his team mates. Score:
cumb to the Angels.
P0RTLAND MEN LOSE
With. Newton in the Box They Suc-
He fared a little better, for during the
remainder of the game the Cripples
landed only two more tallies. Graham
had the men from the frozen north un
der his control most of the time. In
the fourth Mr. Byere lifted a torrid one
cut over the center field fence. It was
a peach, but no one happened to be on
the bags, so one run was the limit for
this magnificent swat.
The crowd kept after poor Rube all
the time, and each man in attendance
vowed that be was the worst umpire
that ever trod upon a ball field. Some
fast work was done by the infielders on
both sides. Luxnley made the best
showing with the bat since his arrival
here, getting three hits out of four
time? up. The score:
Sean;- — i Oakland —
AB.K-H. P.A-j AB.n.H.r.A.
I-umly.cf 5 «> :t 3 0 Ollara.cf 4 O 2 2 1
Mohlr,2b i <> « 2 3 Bcknfld.* 2 1 0 2 S
rf 4 « 2 0 O Murdk.vf 4 O 2 1 0
HiFhr.lb 2 0 0 8 <• Sih\vz.2b 5 « 1 1 3
2.im«r. ir 3 0 V 2 o Krugr. if 5 1 2 2 0
Jrrn«.."5b 4 0 13."! I>evrx.::b 40122
I Milan. *- 4 0 2 5 2 Msrly.lb 5 0 2 10 1
Dyers, c 4 12 2 3(Uorton.c :{ l o 7 0
PtVrsn.p 0 0 «» 1 1,'Grahm.p 2 2 2 0 2
eample.p 5OO0 3J
Total*. 3t 5 12 27 12
TKaJcM 1 30 27 IS I
RUNS AXD HITS BY CfXHCGS.
Oakland 1 2 O 0 O 1 0 O 1—
. liase hit* 2 1 2 1 o 1 1 2 2—12
jiattie 0 0 n 1 0 O 0 O (>— 1
Ban* hits 0 113 1111 1—10
SUMMARY.
Str.it-n ba«f>5 — Devereaux. Smith 12). Errors
— RoVkenfieW <2}, St. Vrain. Schwartz. Home
run — Byer*. Two-bare lilts — O'Hara, Krjf«r.
Sacrifice hits — Smith. Graham, Rockenfield.
Mohlet Fir^t bare <->n error — Oakland 1. First
base rn called balls — OH Graham 6. off St.
Vrain 2. oO ?air.:j> :;. Urft en base? — Oakland
1*', KeslUe 17. Struck out — By Graham 6, by
St. Vrain 1. Hit bv pitcher — Gorton, Rock<-n
fiejd. Jansing. Dout!-* plays — Moh!er to Dolan
to Brashear; O'Hara to Schwartz. Tl'i'.d pitch
— St. Vrain. Timr cf same — 2 hours and 5
1,'inutee. I'rr.j :r<?— Levy.
The Cripples and the baseball tribe
from Seattle mixed it for a last parting
yesterday afternoon at the Eighth street
marshes. Tee Cripples ran Urst, while
their opponents would In all probability
be going yet had the time limit not ex
pired ere they struck that winning gait
which is sure to bring victory when it
arrives. Score, 5 to L
It looked more like a funeral than a
ball game when the few lonely fans
gathered on the bleachers to witness
the first ball game that has been seen
for a week. Considering the way the
field looked, it was not so bad, though
the crowd did not seem to think much
of it. being content to pass out a few
words to Mr. Levy.
Mr. St. Vrain and his left mitt did
not have the power to stop the runs of
the Crirpl«s In the flrst two innings.
He was wild and he was ineffective.
Then he could not possibly line the ball
true to the first baseman whenever it
became his lot to field. On top of all
this he became rattled, . so it became
necessary to trot out Mr. Sample in the
third inning.
W. I*. Pet. W. L. Pet.
l^ A-r,-gtHta^l27 7T .«& S&crunesto 99 10S .490
64«UJ« U* Sa .iU Portland .. 93 10* .472
Sta ; r»;-.::>i 101 .433 Oaklar.d .. SS 123 .ill
STANTdXO OF TUB CLUBS
Fatty Byers Clears Center
field Fence for a
Home Run.
A large number of marksmen visited
the Shell Mound Park rifle range yes
terday. Captain L. Slebe held the clos
ing ceremonies for the season of 1903,
and gave a turkey shoot, which was
taken advantage- of, by marksmen to
provide their Thanksgiving table* with
the toothsome bird.
The weather during the early morn-
Ing hours was thick and foggy, and It
was with difficulty the riflemen could
distinguish the bullseyes. Later in the
afternoon the driving mists again ob
scured the targets, but the riflemen
were patient and awaited their oppor
tunity of placing a telling shot.
The day's events opened with the
turkey shoot. When Philo. Jacoby, the
veteran champion, placed the first bird
to his credit he was greeted with cheers
by all the old-timers. »
The public competition in the prize
conte?t of the Norddeutsch^r Schuetzen
Club resulted as follows: First prize,
I C. M. Henderson, 78 rings; second, Al
Gehret. 77; third. Charles Theirbach,
77; fourth, F. P. Schuster; fifth, A.
j Strreker; sixth. A. Pape; seventh, H.
Iluber; eighth. M. F. Blasse; ninth.
Max Kolander, tenth, F. E. Mason;
Hevenih. John Gefkin; twelfth, Fred
Brandt; thirteenth, D. Salfield; four
topnth. D. B. Faktor; fifteenth. Otto
Brpmer; sixteenth. \V. F. Garms; sev
enteenth, John Peters; eighteenth, John
Lankenan. Premiums — A, Gehret, six
red flags; C. M. Henderson. Charles
Thierbaeh, Otto Bremer, W. C. Morken,
W. F. Garms, John Gefkin, F. P.
Schuster. A. Strecker and D. Salfield.
, Speri3l prizes — W. F. Garms, John Gef
kin.
The first bullseye in the morning was
made by Max Kolander and the last
by William Garms. The first bullseye
in the afternoon was also captured by
Captain W. Garms, and the last of the
day fell to David Salfield.
In the pistol contest of the Golden
Gate Club, G. E. Frahm carried off the
honors by making 92 per cent average.
Company A. First Infantry Regiment,
brought a large number of militiamen
to the range to take part in the month
ly medal shoot. Corporal A. R. Dun
nigan did the best work, making 48 and
49 out of a possible 50.
The scores of the different companies
follow:
Germar.ia ScJiuetzen Club, monthly bulls^ye
shoot— N*. Ah'rer.s 122 F. K. Mason 149. D.
pRlflpJcJ 470 M. Koland^r 490. J. W. Goetie
?40 F P Bchuster 60G. S. Heino €71. W. F.
Blame 708. H Rarnholdt 710. W. Morkfn 743.
M F. K!a*5e" T7S. D. B. Faktor 7S0, G. II.
Eahrs KX>.
Competition shoot— M. F. Blasse 221. F. K.
Mason 216. N. Ahrens 215. A. Gehret 213, H.
IIub»r 211 Fred Brandt 211.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal competition medal bars — W. F. Blasse,
87 SI SO 7S 74. " Pistol club trophies — W. F.
Piarse S5 G. Frahm 82, B. Jonas 74. H.
Grupe 48 Pistol re-entry mutch-^G. E. Frahm.
94 !i2 91 00. !>0 90. Revolver re-entry match
Wiliiani R Proll S3. Ranld fire match, si*'
shots in thirty seconds — William R. Proll, 48,
44 44 43 43, 42; G. E. Frahm. 4S, 30. 32.
Re-entry rifle match— F. II. Bremer 221. M.
Kolander 215 E. Woenn- 211. 190. Club tro
phy— F. E. Mason 2.T?, M. Kolander 215, W.
F. Blasse 210. Georre Tammeyer 209, E.
\Voenne 19L . .
Ban Frs-nciseo Pchuetzen \ erein. monthly
bullseye shoot— Auk Pape 304. H. Stell'nif 325.
Autr Jungblut 4TK). F. Koch 513. Charles Thier
baeh r,26 G. H. Bahrs C2«. W. Morken 7<K>.
J Lankenau 779 Frrd Brandt 7S6. W. Goetto
SKi Otto Lemcke 800. F. P. Schuster S2O,
Charleo Oldas 84r. J C. Waller S71. J. Gefkrn
SSSx Pet"™ 1«M." D. BalUrtd 1060. William
Garrn* 10S0. D. B. Faktor U3» H. Zecher 1H9.
Red Men* Schurtzen Club, monthly medal
F hr,ot— Champion class. William Dressier. 40O;
first cla««. Herman Schult. 353: second class.
John Steiner. .".27; third clar». D. Tamke. 2W;
fo^Ah class. CO. Strlpoel, 315: best Hrst
shot. Wtr.lam Kreutzkmann, 23; best last shot.
H. Cnrtspn. 24.
Bullseyes— First. Captain Slebe b medal,
Charles "Cldar. 324 • s»cond, H. Soehlernann.
MS; third P. H. R-Jlffs, 873; fourth. "William
Kreutzkamm. »7S; fifth. J. A. Mohr, 1143.
Turkeys— H. Sofhl?mann 71, W. Dressier 62.
C Ol.lag 61. H. Schulz 59. H. Schult 54, J.
Wajrner ." John Feldermann 51, P. H. Rolfs
'.1. IL Barh r,S. J. Tamke T,\. F. NMcolay 54
Ccn-.par.y A. First Infantr>' Regiment, N. G.
C. monthly medal shoot— Captain Georse T.
r..j!IlnKer 44. lieutenant F. Bertrand 41. Ser
peant F McCarthy S3. Serjeant J. Murphy :?7.
Prgeant J. J. Brady 20. Sergeant TZ. J.
Doucher-ty 31. Corporal J. Murdock 30, Corpo
ral .1. J. OHara SI; Corporal A. R. Dunnljjan
4*». Corporal W. Herhst 30. Musician W. Wil
liams :!2. Musician M. B. Keller 30, F. E. At
kins 28, T. E. Llnd .''.0. F. F. Hller 23, L. M.
Neuhauer i*2. H. J. Ford 26. R. R. Henderson
20. O. Welk 42. C. H. Carcass 43. A. Cran
forj 33. F. Delamatos 34. J. Aicken lfi. F.
Maxrn ?o, 1^. F. Maxon 25, A. II. Williams
IS. J. C. Martin 17. G. Tomsky 12. C. Mc-
Keon T.4. J. E. Pace 27. J. J. Hubbart 30. C.
L. O-Donnell 31, E. Kllcllne 19, W. J. Deaf>y
36, J. OKane 22.
rartaln Pi< he's turkey shoct— Phllo Jacoby.
Aupust I'ape. Otto Bremer, W. Blasse. W. C.
Uarken, Charles Thierbaeh. D. B. Faktor. F.
P. Schuster. F. Wlndmuller. John Gefkin,
Gervi-Ke H Bars. A. Strecker. Fred Brandt, II.
F->ohlemann. F. Huntemann, R. Stettin, A.
Stelllnp, C. M. Henderson, Ai Gehret.
Two special prizes were set out by
Captain L.. Siebe for the persons mak
ing the best and worst bullseye on the
turkey target. They were won by John
Siebe and Otto Bremer, respectively.
Closing Ceremonies of the
Season Are Held by
Captain S'ebe.
Unfavorable Conditions
for Shooting at
Shell Mound. '
St. Vrain Gets a Poor
Start and Loses
the Game.
DRIVING MISTS
BLUR TARGETS
CRIPPLES HAVE
FOUR TO SPARE
HORSE RACING, BOXING, COURSING, BASEBALL AND KINDRED SPORTS
THISTLES TAKE
OAKLAND GAME
SOFALA LOSES
TO MOUNT ROSE
Referee Declares Match
Forfeited by Hornet
Eleven.
Favorite at the Ingleside
Park Disappoints
Backers.
Heavy Fog Obscures Some of
the Most Interesting
Trials.
Victors Keep the Loser's
Goal Continually in
The match between the Thistle and
the Oakland Hornet association football
elevens yesterday afternoon at Idora
Park, Oakland, proved somewhat dis
appointing.
The game being played on the home
ground of the Hornets, it devolved upon
them to see that the ground was in
good order and the lines marked. This
not having been done, Referee C. W.
Irish declared the match forfeited to
the • Thistles. A crowd of spectators
being on hand in expectation of wit
nessing an exciting contest, the teams
went on and played the match. The
Thistles had nearly all the best of the
play, their combination work and pass
ing, being much better than that of the
Hornets despite the good individual
play of Chambers, A. Hunter. Shand
and Connolly. The ground was in bad
condition,* heing .heavy, slippery and
muddy.
The only goal scored by the Hornets
was made from a scrimmage three
minutes after the kick-off, but the
Thistles equalized the score before the
end of the first half. The Hornet goal
was constantly in danger, but Goal
keeper Williamson proved an excellent
man in his place. In the second half,
after ends had been changed, the play
was sluggish, but the Thistles added
one more goal to their score, so that
the match' ended Thistles" two goals.
Hornets one goal. The Thistle forwards
play#d an excellent game and made re
peated attacks on their opponents' goal.
The linesmen were L. R. Glllchrest and
T. Hunter. The Hornets' team was
weakened by the absence of Lackie
and Pomeroy and by an injury received
by Erskine early In the game. The
teams lined up as follows: ¦
Hornets. Positions. Thistles.
C. C. Y. Williamson Goalkeeper Lowe
Connolly Left bark Forrest
McC: IH Right hark Tiern?y
McKay Left half McGregor
Chambers Center half Duncan
K'rd..... Right half Taylor
Ersklne Inside left Smith
A. Hunter Outside left R. Disher
Shand Center forward .Lydon
Pomeroy Inside right T. Disher
Cowell Outside right A. Di«her
R. Long's greyhound Mount Rose, the
brindle son of Royal Flush and Craw
ford Lass, won the stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday in clever fash-
Ion. He first beat Viking after an un
decided. He then retired Comlque and
Our Motto to their kennels. In the
next round Homer Boy was withdrawn
after a hard course, giving Mount Rose
a bve.
In the semi-final he, also ran a bye
course, putting him In the final. In this
he met Sofala, which was made a 3 to
6 choice. Mount Rose led and finally
won by a score of 15 to 10. The hare
released in the deciding course es
caped. This was the %ixth time he was
used and he showed his knowledge of
the field by making his way to the
nearest escaoe.
A heavy fosr hung over the field
throughout the day, ooscuring the de
ciding course and a number of other
interesting trials. The day's result*
with Judge Thomas Tierney's official
scores follow:
Otto beat Gold Lily. 0-4; Brilliancy a bye.
Idleness withdrawn: Rich Argosy beat Odd
Eyes. 9-1; Belfast beat Free Born. 7-2- Laugh-
Ing Water beat Miss Ureen. 10-1; Slievenamon
b"at liraw'n Hill. »-S; tremo beat Clobefell.
4-0; Slsklyou beat Lord Granard. 7-3; Special
beat Lily Wright. 3-2: Sofala beat The Referee,
•>-4: Hora Belle beat Irvlngton Tralee. 5-1;
Money Mu.-k beat Mark Twain. 8-5: Intruder
beat loung Johnny Rex. 3-1; Doreen beat Gua
powder. 5-O; Dorothy M beat Jerry Wright.
£*• " e . ta , s b * at Colored Lady. 7-4; Our Motto
beat Uerlgewcod. 4-3; Maid of the Glen beat
Ko<k and Rye, 11-S; Mount Rose beat Vlktng
• -4; Cominue beat Beauty Geld. 7-5: Roxana
beat Pasha Plea-ant. 5-1; Lady M»nlo beat
Clovenlale. 1,-ft; Homer Koy beat Little Plun
ger. N-t, : (.ubanola beat Monbells 10-2>
Second round— Otto beat Brilliancy. 3-2: Bel
h , c/J 1 Kirh Ar * oa >'. 7 -3: Laughing Water
, .?' 5-<>: Cremo beat SIsklyou
'\t7>i. Sof i»' a 1 bea . t . Spec ' al - 5-0; Flora Belle beat
K?hv M Sk K "L 110 "" 1 b<?at Intruder. 15-3:
Ma!.l of the Glen. S-2: Mount Rose beat Co
mlque. t,-2; Roxana beat I^.ly Menlo. 5-0; Ho
mer Boy beat Cubanoia 10-2
Third round— Belfast 'beat Otto 7-1- Laueh
«'5i™ J i t ? r beat CreTOO - 1^4: Sofala h^at Flora
Belle 4-1; Dorothy M beat Dore^n. 1S-7; Mount
Rox e ana! a 25-3 Ur M ° ttO> ?** " Omer Boy ' **"'
4 f. ou^*r ound ~K LaUshIn<r Water bcat BeK«»t.
Mount P?» A' by %r Voro S i y M ' withdrawn
e a . by =f- nomr r Boy withdrawn.
e-oTMounrS'ore^^e *»
deciding course— Mount Rose beat Sofala.
OAKLAND TRACK ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for to-day's run
ning events at Oakland racetrack:
First Race — Futurity course; three-year-olds;
53C6 'The Counsellor <W. E. Cotton) 94
5330 Batldor <\V. P. Fine) j»
5324 Tamm (W. P. Magrane) 112
5310 •Quatrp (Tlerney & Co.) {>{
5320 'Dotterel (F. J. 0"Rourke) " »4
51S6 Mamie (Figaro Stable) 102
6312 Mndlna (Stockton Stable) »>4
5324 I.eash (U Levy* *~ 99
4579 Alice Callahan (T. J. Callaghan). .!.1O2
5330 Toto Gratlot (E. Barren) 102
5330 Mfrwan (J. J. McAllister) 102
4»33 So So (\V. M. Rogers) 102
Second Race — Five furlongs; maidens; two
year-olds ; purse :
51S4 Samar (Blanch! & McGovern) 110
44S1 Bombardier (TV. B. Jennings) 103
Effervescence (J. Coffey) 103
5337 Florlaria Bell (Mrs. Miller) 1C3
Maxetta (L.. Jeuness) lCtt
5325 Harbor (H. E. Rowel I) Ji.i
B3!l*St. Yusef (Kentucky Stable) ........103
.... Otto Stifel (B. Schreiber) 100
45S6 Sir Appleby (T. G. Ferguson) 1C9
5325 The Bugaboo (M. Epplnger) 106
5325 Minimum (M. Jones) lft.1
5310 Miss May Bowdish (U A. BIaslngame).103
Third Race — Six furlongs; all ages; purse:
5341 Dungannon (Knebelkamp & Co.) S3
5346 Martinmas (C. T. Henshall) 103
5322 San Nicholas (Burns & 'Waterhouse).10fl
5181 St. Wllda (Raisin City Stable) 10.™.
5309 Royal Rogue (J. C. Nealon) 100
Fourth Race — Mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
5342 Max Bendix (B. Schrelber) 10.1
5344 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) lttl
5313 Red Tip (J. Woods) IOC
r^W-t 'Rose of May (Kirk & Co.) 03
W3S Dr. Bernays (W. Fisher) Id
5342 Redwald (W. P. Magrane) 1C3
Fifth Race — Futurity course:. three-year-olds;
selling:
OT30 *Duk Martin (V. Gilbert) \ , 100
5172 Piratical <E1 Primero. Stable) 09
5.115 Mr. Dingle (D. Fountain) 10S
5316 Bee Rosewater (J. 8. Nichols) 105
Plurk (M. J. Daly) ..ICO
5340 'Ballroom Belle (A. Joseph) 94
K112 Klfln King (A. Herzog) 105
53T.0 'Pickaway (A. J. Jackson) 84
5327 Oroslus (Buckley.* Bailey) 102
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: selling:
5340 Last Knight <Lamasney Broe.) 112
5341 Anvil <C. ilurry & Co.) IK.
K5O4 •Cambaceres (V. Gilbert) 104
5316 Glenarvon (W. Fisher) •••••••- !<*•
M46 'Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) 98
6338 »Egg Nogg (S. G. Morton) 05
•Apprentice allowance,
PROBABLE WINNESS.
First race — I.eash. Dotterel, Toto Gra
tlot. * /
Second race— Otto Stifel, Harbor, Sir
Appleby.
Third race— San Nicholas, Martinmas,
Royal Bogfue. ". "; "¦ ":
FonrtH race— Dr. Bernays, Redwald,
Robs of May.
Tit th. race — Orosins, Pluck, Mr. Single.
Sixth race — Lord Melbourne, Anvil,
Glenazvon.
Arrives With Spoiled Cargo.
The steamer Arctic arrived In yesterday
morning 48 hours from Eureka. She brought
on her deck about fifty crates of «a!mon
which while fresh when they left the snipping
port were in a lively state of" decomposition
when they reached here. This was due to
the fact of a rough passage, which detained
the vessel about twenty-four hours beyond her
schedule time. The fl.«h were landed on How
ard-street dock No. 3 and were allowed to re
main there during the entire day.
Maggie Goes to Sea.
The steam schooner Maggie sailed yesterday
for Port Dennison. The Maggie was In col
lision last week with the steamer San Jose
and suffered Mine damage. This, however, has
been fully repaired, so she put to sea as good
as new.
Sails in Ballast.
The French ship Charoplgny is ready to sail
for Havre, France. Captain Boju will not ac
cept the rate of 10 shillings 6 pence for freight,
so he will bo In ballast.
When did . George . Washington first
take'a carriage? When he took a hack
at the -cherry tree. :
Will Tow Shasta Down.
The tug Sea Rover leaves this morning for
Grays Harbor.- where she. will take In tow
the new steam schooner Shasta and bring her
to this port, where she will have her boilers
put In. . ' •
Oil for Honolulu.
The steamship Rosecran* tailed for Honolulu
and Hllo yesterday afternoon with 22.000 bar
rels of crude oil and. other merchandise.
RAIN STOPS THE PLAY
IN TENNIS . TOURNAMENT
Best Match of the Day Develops Dar
ing Meeting of Two Men of
First Class.
The Golden Gate Tennis Club mem
bers started their class singles tourna
ment for first and fourth class players
yesterday on the courts In Golden Gat »
Park. The rain which set In early In
the afternoon put a stop to the play
when it had only fairly started. A large
number of players were entered, but
the inclement weather caused a number
of defaults to be recorded.
The matches played were as a rule
uninteresting. Many were won by
scores of C-0. 6-2 and 6-1. Only two
matches were played in the first class,
while in the fourth class play was com
pleted through most of the first round
Robert X. Whitney and George K
Bates put ud the best match of the
day. Bates was outclassed in the first
set. but In the second he pulled him
self together and made a good show-
Ing. Whitney only taking the set by
a 9-7 score. The other first class match
was won bv Win Allen. He had for
an opponent J. A. Code and won with
out an effort. ; ; A *
Two Interesting matches were played
in the fourth class. The best was be
tween W. L. Howell and M. Edwards.
Though the former -won. it was only
after the final set had run to 10-8. The
first set went to Howell, 6-2, and the
second to Edwards, 6-1.
The match between T. A. Allen and
F. Wolfsohri was the only other one
that reauired the playing of the full
three sets. Allen proved the winner by
a score of 6-1, 2-6, 6-4.
The scores of the tournament follow:
First elag.*-R. N. Whitney beat O. K Bates
6-3 9-7: W. Allen beat J. A. Code. «-2 «-V
Fourth class, preliminary round — Get*" beat
Catton. 6-2. B-3 : Skas«r.«. beat Gunst. «-4 6-2-
E. AV. Hall beat C. Quick, 6-0 6-2; N Mar
tin beet S. Hamilton by default: W Stanf
beat N, BurOIck by default. ... *
First round— E. Turber beat S Corn by de
fault; O. N'. Burnett beat R. Griffith. 8-0 «-i-
J. K. Turner beat J. X. Darns 6-4 6-1- L."
S. I low oil beat J. LJll«nthal «-Vl n-4- T* X
Allen beat W. Wolfsohh 6-1." 2-«' 6-4-' TV*' h'
Murphy beat Hellbron by default: x' Martin
beat Stapf by default; W. u Howell beat
M. Edward*. 6-2. 1-C. 10-8; M. Long beat O.
L. Hall, 6-1, 6-3.
William B. Collier made his reappear
ance at the California Club courts yes
terday after an absence of several
weeks, and proved the star performer
of the day. He first took on and de
feated Frank S. Mitchell In a one-set
match. He then disposed of J. D. Mac-
Gavin in two straight sets. MacGavin's
service bothered the veteran consider
ably, but Collier's all around work was
too murh for him.
In one of the best practice matches
seen in many weeks. Frank Mitchell
and W. B. Collier won from Joseph S.
Tobin and Frank D. Strlnsham in two
out o: three sets. The former team
threatened to make a runaway match
of it in the first set. which they took.
6-2. The second set developed a great
improvement in Tobln and Stringham's
game and they- annexed the set in clev
er fashiqn by a score of 6-3. The third
and final set went to Collier and Mitch
ell, €-3.
The scores of the day follow:
Robins tied Spring. 6-4. 3-6; L. Bald
win beat H. RoJ.fe.' 7-5. 7-3; C. G.
Kuehn beat H. Rolfe. 3-6. fi-3. 6-4: W.
B. Collier beat F. Mitchell. 6-3: Her
bert Gray beat W. Daggett. 6-4, 8-6:
W. B. Collier beat J. D. SlacGavIn, 6-4.
3-6.
• The entries for the Thanksgiving day
handicap singles tournament of the
California Tennis Club will close on
Wednesday, when the drawing will be
held. The entries for the handicap
mixed doubles tournament of the Gold
en Gate Tennis Club will not close until
Thanksgiving morning.
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1903.
out at'Croll's Gardens Before a Large and a Critical Attendance
of Men Interested in Boxing—George Gardner's Fine Condition
Shows No Diminution of Speed or, of Punching Power in a Work-
BOXER FITZSIMMONS IS ATTACKED
IN TRAINING BY A SEVERE COLD
5
NEXT SUNDAY. CALL
THIS IS ONE OF '
Ai. CON AN DOYLE'S
' : ' Most Exciting, Stories. ,
"CAPTAIN SHARKEY.". It *has entertained upward of 100,000
visitors in the exhibit room % each year
for many years. , -
¦;¦. It has published , pamphlets on . most
of the principal fruit products of 1 the
State, which^ publications " have been
It has 'maintained a most complete
and attractive exhibit. of the products
of tHe Stale for a period , of fifteen
years.- '. v .j:l.u-; .-. , i-.-.j-' ¦_¦'.• ..•-':¦¦•.-..•.•".
HAKES <?OOD RECORD.
What" the "State Board has accom
plished I may be briefly summarized as
follows: '•¦¦:¦ ¦¦'¦ > '¦'-'¦
The State Board of Trade has never
thought, nor does it now think, that the
highes^function is to stimulate a large
movement of people into the : State,
without reference; to their condition,
unless; intelligent direction is given
newcomers after r they are here, .that
they may in selecting future homes do
so with judgment and .wisdom 1 and be
come contented and' prosperous citizens.
In % this direction the State' Board
stands alone-^so far as the central and
northern parts of the State are con
cerned. Bare statistics do not give all
the information-required by the home
seeker; statistics are valuable and
often Important, . but they need to . be
supported with general information in
respect to condltions'in'the various dis
tricts of the Stated •' 0
the newcomer some idea of the produc
tiveness and agricultural wealth of the
State. These object lessons give to
many people information; that cannot
be obtained in any* other way except by
personal observation and travel
through the State.
Continued on Page 7/ Column 1.
When a man begins to go down hill he
finds that the laws of gravitation and
the encouragement of his friends help
him along. '
The most vital requirement of .San
Luis ObiEpo, so declares the San Luis
Obiepo Tribune, is the completion of
the Port Harford breakwater.
"Work," this paper says, "has been
pushed on the construction of this ar
tificial protection of San Luis Bay
breakwater as fast as Government ap
propriations could be secured and al
ready great benefit has been derived.
But the great undertaking Is only fair?
ly commenced and interest In it must
not lag. An effort is to be made this
winter to secure a much larger appro
priation and correspondence has just
been started between the Board of
Trade and our Congressional represent
atives In regard to making a special
effort at the coming session!"
/
WORKS FOR BREAKWATER.
The fact that Leslie's Weekly re
cently published a California number
is one of the signs of the Interest taken
in this State. Included in the matter
concerning California that was pub
lished in the Journal mentioned was a
clever article by Hamilton Wright, who
is connected with the California Pro
motion Committee. One portion Is as
follows:
Looking at the State from an indus
trial standpoint, the most notable fea
ture is not the wide diversity of its
products, which is well known, but the
£r«at yield in many vaiiarjt pursuits.
With a population of 1.500.000, Califor
nia produced last year more than $40,
000,000 worth 0/ fruits, both citrus and
deciduous, exclusive of home consump
tion. Its cold production was $17,000,
000. and the total value of all mineral
substances exceeded $31,000,000. The
value of its dairy products was more
than $18,000,000. The production of crude
petroleum will this year, it Is estimated,
equal 20.000.000 barrels. In 1902 Cali
fornia, produced 42,"000,000 . gallons of
¦wine, or two-thirds the entire wine pro
duction of the United States, and re
turns from most of the wine producing
districts indicate that the grape crop of
J903 will be 20 per cent greater than
that of the previous year.
In the production of honey, raisins,
beet sugrar. oranges, garden seed. flgs.
«>tc. California leads. There are 72,000
farms In California, and more than 90
per cent of them are managed by owners
and part owners. The value of export
wheat and barley last year was $21.
000,000. * *-•«*
of Output of the State.
Wright Supplies Statistical Showing
DIVERSITY AND YIELD.
THE spirit of co-operation
is held by Arthur R. Briggs
to be potential in accom
plishing the best results for
California, and this, opinion is
based upon the experience of the
State Board of Trade, which* was
organized in 1887 end has been
actively concerned for a long pe
riod in the work of attracting
attention and inducing settlers
who are desirable to come to this
State.
San Francisco has been the cen
tral rallying point for the country
north of Tchachapi and the inte
rior has constantly maintained its
interest in that which was devised
for its betterment. The use of
printers' ink had been resorted to
liberally to tell the world what
advantages of soil and climate
California has. Statistical and
other reports on special topics,
such as the State Board of Trade
have issued copiously, have fur
nished exact information.
Frank Wiggins, secretary" of
the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, details the ways that
have been adopted to build up the
great country south of Tehach
api and gives a brief history of
the Los Angeles organization.
The recapitulation of the various
attractions that have been found
feasible to draw the favorable
comment of visitors is especially
interesting. In addition to the
encouragement of immigration to
the southern counties, the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce
was largely instrumental in secur
ing the construction of the break
water at San . Pedro, which in
volved getting an appropriation of
$3,000,000 in the face of the deter
mined opposition of a great rail
road corporation.
The points of contact that the
California Promotion •Committee
of San Francisco has with the
world are very well outlined in a
report that Rufus P. Jennings* the
executive officer of the committee,
has made to his associates. The
Promotion Committee is younger
in years of service than either the
State Board of Trade or the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce.
The scope of its work is broad.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce has had charge of the entertain
ment of many notable people and so
cieties during the fifteen years of its
existence. The National Educational
Association met in Los Angeles under
the management of the Chamber of
Commerce.
Other notable meetings that have
been promoted by the chamber have
been the International Irrigation Con
gress of 1893, the National Editorial As
sociation of 300 newspaper editors,' the
Senate Committee on Commerce and on
Arid Land, the Brotherhood of Railroad
Firemen, the Boston Fruit Dealers, the
New England Grocers, the American
Pomologlcal Society, the American In
stitute of Mining Engineering and
many others.
The most notable achievement of the
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
was the securing of the construction of
a | breakwater at San Pedro, to cost
nearly $3,000,000, in the face of the most
determined 'opposition on the part of a
great railroad corporation and Its
friends. •
The management of the affairs of the
chamber is vested In a board "of direc
tors, a body of twenty. - Four members
are chosen as officers by ballot of the
.members. These are the president, two
vice presidents and the treasurer.
Eleven are chosen by the members by
ballot as chairmen of standing commit
tees. ' ' \_ ;
The board of directors meets regular
ly once a week In the directors* room
Of the chamber, five members constitut
ing a quorum. The attendance rarely
falls below ten and frequently runs
from fifteen to the entire board. No
fee Is allowed for attendance at the
meetings, nor is there any fine for ab
sence, but on the bulletin board each
director's attendance is : recorded.
In the work of fostering, protecting
ENTERTAINS NOTABLES,
Besides maintaining a permanent ex
hibit of California products in its own
quarters, which has been visited by
over a million people; the chamber has
had charge of and participated in four
local citrus fairs. The orange carnival
In Chicago was visited by 100,000 peo
ple. Regular shipments of fruit were
made to "California on Wheels," a
traveling exhibit visited by a million
people. The Southern California ex
hibit in the World's Columbian Exposi
tion was admitted to be one of the fin
est state exhibits there, and was visited
by an immense number of people.
A fine Southern California display
was made in an artistic building at the
Midwinter Fair in "San Francsco. A
permanent exhibit was maintained in
Chicago for two years which was visit
ed by half a million people. A most
successful display of pr^flucts was
made by the Chamber of Commerce at
the Pan American Exposition, in Buf
falo, in 1901, the . secretary of the
chamber remaining in Buffalo during
the entire period of the exposition.
Other exhibits have been made by
the Chamber of Commerce at Hamburg,
at Guatemala, at Atlanta, at Omaha,
at the World's Fair In Paris and at
many other places.
The chamber maintains a permanent
exhibit in the Board of Trade rooms in
San Francisco.
em California Indian antiquities is de
clared by experts to be the finest in the
country. There is also an interesting
display from the old missions.
A large, interesting and valuable col
lection of mineral specimens is includ
ed In the exhibit of the chamber.
The chamber has Issued nearly 50
pamphlets descriptive of this section
and its resources, with a total circula
tion of over one million copies. Matter
has been prepared for hundreds of
Eastern magazines and newspapers.
PROMOTES EXHIBITIONS. -
By Secretary Frank Wiggins.
In addition to the publication's pre
pared by the State board, which In
many Instances have come to be re
garded as standard authority on the
subjects treated, the publication de
partment has year by year procured
from the various counties a -vast
amount of printed matter, in the form
of maps, folders and pamphlets, which
have been distributed through various
channels to parties seeking information
in respect to the State.
This matter comes to the board with
the indorsement of the organization in
the county from which It emanates and
is therefore generally free from per
sonal interest
Much of this matter contains infor
mation of more than ordinary value
and tends to localize the mind of the
newcomer or homeseeker. With re
spect to the publications emanating di
rectly from the boaf ai ' those treating
RESOURCES ADVERTISED.
Under the need of the time for in
formation in respept to California and
the peculiar conditions then existing,
the organization was made in the year
1867 with the thought and confident
hope that the commonwealth could oa
benefited by patriotic effort in dissemi
nating carefully compiled information
In respect to the resources and possi
bilities of the State. At that period
the population had but barely reached
the million point and the general in
dustrial condition was anything but
satisfactory or immediately promising.
One of the prominent features intro
duced into the work" at its inception
was the spirit of co-operation between
th* 1 State Board and interior districts,
fcr It was well and wisely conceived
that the upbuilding of any part of the
State would indirectly, at least, benolit
the whole, and that development in the
grreat valleys and rural districts would
naturally stimulate commercial activ
ity in the cities. The work was there
fore organized with San Francisco as
the central point, with the various
county organizations actively enlisted
and working In harmony with the
movement. \>urlng all the years of Its
existence this feature has been main
tained and the spirit of co-operation
and mutual interest has been encour
aged.
From the first the State Board of
Trade took a prominent part In the
ccnslderatlon of all economic and com
mercial matters, particularly such as
were closely related to the development
of California, and there is abundant
evidence that the Influence of the board
wa«<Jelt and recognized.
In securing the kind of information
interesting to and sought by the home
seeker much care has always been ex
ercised and intimate relation with the
various commercial bodies . In the in
terior of the State was found advanta
gous and desirable.
No single agency engaged In the up
building of the State, in stimulating
Industrial growth, and thereby adding
to her wealth and influence, and in en
couraging immigration has been more
conspicuous during the last fifteen
years than the State Board of Trade.
No history of California that does not
make prominent mention of the work
of this organization would be complete
or do Justice to the men who have dur
ing the period of its existence given
time, thought and patient labor in the
conscientious effort to do something
practical for the State. To those who
have known the influence of tha or
ganization and the work it has done
and have been contributors to it, any
published record at this time of what
it has accomplished may seem almost
a waste of time. And yet I am asked
to tell, in a brief way, what the State
Board of Trade has done and what it
has accomplished.
MOTIVE FOR ACTION.
By Manager Arthur R. Briggs.
No one can form anything like a cor
rect estimate of the wonderful resour
ces and marvelous ; productiveness of
the State without seeing and investi
gating for himself. The exhibits which
have • been - maintained by - the board
during the period of its existence, since
18S8, are object lessons which unfold 'to
ILLUSTRATES PRODUCTS.
These exhibits have been collected,
prepared and maintained at great cost
and infinite care and patience. They
have been visited by hundreds of thou
sands of people, most of them from out
side the State, during .the last ten
years. Interest in them appears to In
crease rather than diminish. ' The.ex
hibit room has been visited by at least
10,000 persons, on an average,' each
month since January 1st of this year.
In this department there is provided a
reading room, where,' in' addition to the
printed matter kept for distribution,
there Is a library of scrap books rela
ting specifically to counties "and indus
tries, with one book for each county
and each industry. This is a feature
of much Interest to" visitors 'and "gives
the kind of information that can be ob-'
tained from • no other source.
A feature of the State Board work
which, it seems to me, has been under
valued, is the ' permanent exhibit it
maintains of our varied products. The
State Board of Trade in this city and
the Chamber of Commerce In Los An
geles have procured and permanently
maintained, year by year, the most
comprehensive exhibits of the agricul
tural, horticultural and vltlcultural,
with a moderate exhibit of lumber,
minerals and manufactured ' products,
that have ever been known. . ;.
These reports give the most intelli
gent information obtainable— in fact,
the only reliable information by which
comparisons of districts may be made
and the development noted.
Much thought has been given in the
preparation of pamphlets and reports
to the importance of extending the
markets for our products. To encour
age the planting of trees and vines
without giving due heed to the distri
bution of the products would manifest
ly have been short sighted, hence the
.market feature has been always kept
prominently in view in considering the
fruit industry of the State.
The principle on which the board has
worked is that any Instrumentality
which bring3 us nearer to the centers
of a large population and consumption
of products, or to the large distributing
commercial centers, would promote
growth in the varied Industries and
contribute to the prosperity of the
State. In this particular channel the
State board of Trade has been a potent
factor in State development.
A PERMANENT EXHIBIT.
The noteworthy features of the sta
tistics of the board, which aro revised
and kept up year by year, which ex
hibit the steady development of this
Industry, are the shipments of green
fruit, dried fruit and canned fruits;
the production and distribution of rais
ins, of wine and brandy, of prunes, figs,
olives, of olive oils,' etc., and of citrus
fruits. ,
of the fruit interest of the State have,
it is believed, done more to stimulate
development and to demonstrate In
times of depression the fallacy of the
claim of overproduction than all other
agencies combined.
The annual reports of -the State
Board of Trade have become an au
thority on the fruit interests of the
State and are widely sought for
throughout the United States and in
foreign countries. The pamphlets is
sued on the fig, the olive and particu
larly on citrus fruit growing in the cen
tral and northern portions of the State,
have had wide distribution with ex
cellent results. . /
. The.. foundation of the Los Angeles
Chamber , of | Commerce was laid at a
meeting j held on^ October 11, 1888, at
tended by twenty prominent citizens of
Los Angeles. In January the chamber
will move into, its handsome new build
ing on Broadway, jyhich it owns. It is
a six-story blinding,' 135x179 feet In di
mensions, the -second and third ': floors
being : devoted to the purposes of • the
charnYerl' '¦'¦ The total ' cost of the land
and building will be $325,000.
• The -permanent exhibit . maintained
by theT Chamber of Commerce is ad
mitted by, visitors to have i no equal of
its kind in the country. The main and
gallery floors cover an area of about
20,000 square feet, j
In the; exhibit hall is a great variety
of i. the principal products of Southern
California, especially fruits, dried, can
ned and crystallized. Some of these ex
hibits are worked,' Into r artistic and
striking* shapes.' A' collectlon'of South -'
CHAMBER ADVANCES.
Supplying, information about the
country— Answering letters of inquiry;
issuing pamphlets ¦ of j horticulture and
other/matters; supplying material to
writers. •
Local public improvement — Parks,
boulevards, forests, etc. . ¦ - •¦ . ...-.¦• ' .
The regular income of the Chamber
of Commerce is obtained from dues'
paid by each member of a dollar a
month and an initiation (j fee of $5.
Whenever any enterprise of any spe
cial magnitude has to be undertaken
the citizens of Los Angeles come for
ward with subscriptions.
The Chamber of Commerce is a busi
ness institution that devotes its ener
gies largely to the work of local devel
opment. It has no trading features,
nor does it concern itself in any way
with the individual commercial inter
ests of its members. The activity of
the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
extends over a wide field, as may be
seen from the following outline:
General business Interests— Questions
of trade and transportation; Inquiry
Into new commercial opportunities.'
Legislative matters— Appropriations
needed; effects of tariff changes; in
quiry into, proposed new laws.
Publications — General descriptive
pamphlets; collection ; of statistics;
pamphlet^ bearing on special topics.
Advertising the country — Circulation
of printed matter; use of special de
vices. .
Exhibits and fairs— Citrus and agri
cultural displays in Los Angeles; the
permanent display of the chamber;
participation In State and Internation
al fairs. .:¦
Entertainment .--•; To Congressional
and legislative committee; to men of
prominence; arranging for conventions.
Manufacturing-^-Consideratlon of new
opportunities; supplying information
when desired., ¦..._< . . .
Development of commerce— Work for
deep water harbor: work in the inter
est of the Nicaragua- canal. . '¦"("'£,'
SOUBCE OF STJPPORT.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce has ' a membership of 1350, a
great showing for a city of 133,000 pop
ulation. The nearest approach to the
record of the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce is made by Cleveland, which
recently reported 1500 members in a
population of 400,000. Almost every
class, profession and line of business
is represented in the list of members
of the Los Angeles Chamber .of Com
merce.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce differs in general plan and scope
from most institutions bearing the
same or a similar name in other cities
and the conditions by which It Is sur
rounded are unlike those found else
where.
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce One
of Greatest of Promotion
Bodies.
State Board of Trade Labors Unceasingly
and Adds to Wealth and
Population.
VIEWS OF THE EXHIBITION HALLS AND HEADQUARTERS iWAINTAINED TO FOSTER INTERESTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Many kind words have reached the
office of The Call relative to the new
departure which this paper has made,
showing that its purpose is fully under
stood and indorsed by the leading citi
zens of many sections of California.
This is certainly gratifying.
A series of signed articles by authori
ties in the leading lines of California
industry will now appear. In these will
be ' recounted what has been done and
what may reasonably be hoped for.
The result will he to give a panoramic
review of the advance of the State's
industries, the portrayal being made
with considerable attention to detail.
As the articles will be written by ac
knowledged authorities a fund of in
formation will be supplied that can be
reached in no other way.
MOVE IS APPRECIATED.
How the larger organizations, like th«
Ftate Board cf Trade, the Los Angeles
Chamber cf Commerce and the Califor
nia Promotion Committee, work for the
public good is a theme of such general
interest that no apology is needed for
allotting to them extendd mention.
The Call desires to hear from organ
izations throughout the interior and
from all parts of the coast counties re
garding the means they are adopting
or have tried to help their localities
and what measure of success they have
achieved. This public comparison of
notes must be of common advantage, to
advance which is the purpose of The
Call. Presidents of" chambers of com
merce and of bt>ards of trade in the
larger and the smaller cities; also the
bodies of wide scope that represent in
their membership and aims the hopes
of many counties, are invited to con
tribute, in behalf of their own people
and also for the benefit of the entire
State, signed article?, not to exceed In
length 1500 words each, that shall in
struct not only the stranger within our
pates, but also the world at large.
Nothing more need bo said on this
score, except that the latch string is
out to the State.
Boards of tradt? and chambers ot
commerce have ably seconded their ef
forts. The rcsuit has been that, with
the aid of the three favorably situated
bodies, of which some account is given
to-day, the entire State has advanced
in population and developmnt of it3 re
sources.
EFFOETS SECONDED.
How they accomplish their work is
told by Arthur II. Brings, manager of
the California ?tate Boar<* of Trade,
fend Frank Wiggins, secretary of the
Los Angel* -f Charr.ber of Commerce, in
signed articles. A request was made
for a Fign.-i article about the work cf
the California Promotion Committee.
This failed to arrive in time for publi
cation. Coirsf-quertly Fo:ne leading facts
ere gathered and publls-hed from u re
port furnished by ¦ Rufus P. Jennings.
i he «»xecuttv<* o£icer of the committee,
cs submitted by hirn to the committee.
With the instructive statements made
by the officials connected with the or
ganizations that are named, pictures
are published illustrating the head
quarters maintained. In selecting these
three bodies for primary exploitation,
the large and influential todies of the
interior hav«e not been overlooked. The
work of the associations that represent
the Sarrcmcnto and San Joaquin val
leys and th? coast counties has been
crowned with success.
Considerable space is devoted this
morning: relative to the methods em
ployed by three great agencies for the
dissemination of information about
California and to the increase of her
prosperity.
These are the California State Board
of Trade, the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce and the California Promo
lion Committee of San Francisco.
MILLION VISITORS.
The seventh big register of the
Chamber of Commerce has Just been
filled and a new one of equal size sub
stituted. These big volumes contain
4000 pages and weigh 400 pounds each,
and there Is room in each of them for
100.000 names. As a number of names
were Inscribed In smaller registers in
the early days of the chamber this
shows that more than a million of peo
ple have visited the exhibit room of the
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
since it was organized, and they have
come from all parts of the earth. »' \
A report of the proceedings of the or
ganization, together with the speeches
at the annual banquet, appears in a
pamphlet, published each year, for the
use of members, entitled "The Mem
bers' Annual."
The letters of inquiry received at the
Chamber of Commerce from all parts
of the country run from ten tc a hun
dred daily. More than 150.000 such let
ters have been answered by the cham
ber.
The Promotion Committe maintains
no exhibit, but. has very attractive of
fices on New Montgomery street, where
literature Is kept on hand relating to
California for distribution to the in
quiring public.
The committee has frequently coun
seled with organizations of citizens In
the interior concerning the promotion
of California's Interests. Recently a
meeting was held in this city, at which
the subject of co-operation was brought
to the front prominently. . Leading men
from the interior and from this city
were in attendance. This conference
was reported in full in The Call.
and developing the orange-growing in
dustry of Southern California, which
has now reached an aggregate of near
ly 30,000 cars annually, th3 Los An
geles Chamber of Commerce has been
specially active.
Several years ago a veteran San
Francisco man, who had Just returned
from an extensive tour through the
East, declared. In a public Interview,
that Los Anseles was the best adver
tised city on the globe, Chicago alone
excepted. That this is so Is largely due
to the activity of the Lo* Angeles
Chamber of Commerce.
The Chamber of Commerce holds an
annual banquet on Washington's birth
day, to which a few distinguished
guests who are not members of the
chamber are Invited. At the banquet
held last year 315 were present and let
ters of regret were read from a large
number of distinguished people all over
the country.
"Thirty-two thousand seven hundred
and fifty-six letters were received by
the committee for the twelve months
ending August 31, 1903, an average of
2723 per month; and 66,959 letters were
sent out during the same period, an
average of 5830 per month. During tf\»
twelve months the committe distributed
433.0ST pieces of literature, an average
of 36,030 pieces per month. Seven thou
sand six hundred and ninety-one vis
itors registered at headquarters up to
August 31, an average of 641 per
month."
A large correspondence has been
maintained. Mr. Jennings reports cov
ering this:
GKEAT CORRESPONDENCE.
"Commencing with September of last
year and extending over a period of
seme months advertisements were
placed in a number of the leading East
ern publications having an aggregate
circulation of about 12,000,000, with the
purpose of obtaining the names of
those who might be Induced to locate
in California. The result of this adver
tising plan proved very successful, and
the committee now has on file the
names of 56,316 persons who are Inter
ested in the State. The number is be
ing added to constantly. Many of these
have been or will be influenced to come
to California to live."
Arrangements have been made to
have the dally temperature of San
Francisco furnished to large Eastern
cities. The committee has also been en
gaged in the work of Inducing conven
tions to come to San Francisco. During
some months advertisements were pub
lished by the committee in Eastern
magazines. Concerning this Mr. Jen
nings reports:
Much literature has been distributed
that has been supplied by boards of
trade and improvement clubs relative
to various localities and industries in
this State. Articles Innumerable have
been prepared for the press and have
been published.
Rufus P. Jennings has made a report
to the California Promotion Committee
concerning the scope of its work. It
has arranged excursions throughout the
interior of the State which enabled ex
cursionists to see' the resources of the
country for themselves. It ha3 co-op
erated with the California fruit growers
to secure farm labor from the East.
Through its agency several bound pub
lications have been Issued for the pur
pose of advertising the State, which
have received liberal notices on the
part of the daily press.
An exhibit has been placed by the
committee in the Palace Hotel. Land
owners have been requested by the
committee to place some of their hold
ings on the market to enable settlers
to purchase small farms on easy terms.
MANY PUBLICATIONS.
Many Facts Are Pre
sented for Con- /
sideration. :
Current Notes of Prog
ress in the
State.
Experts of North and
South Tell of
Results.
Object Lesson Is Fur
nished to the
Interior.
LEADING PROMOTERS TAKE UP LIVE TOPIC OF THE METHODS
OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT AIM TO MAKE CALIFORNIA GREATER
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL' MONDAY V NOVEMBER 23, 1903.
6
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
WHO FINALLY WINS
PRETTY MADGE STAIR?The body of a man who was struck
by a south bound electric car near the
Tanforan race track on Friday night,
aud who died in St. Luke's Hospital
next morning, was identified at the
Morgue yesterday by Fred Linde, pro
prietor of the Baden Hotel, South San
Francisco, as that of James Devlin, who
had been employed as a section hand
on the Southern Prciflc Railroad.
Car Victim Identified.
Women would not be always behind in
their work if they used gas for fuel. It
eaves more than two-thirds' of the time
around the house. Buy your ranges and
heaters from S. F. Gas and Electric Co.,
415 Post. •
The situation in the^vFar East, Is con
sidered safe* enough to^perrrilt the de
parture of the backbone of the fleet, al
though a bellicose, turn in the Russo-
Japanese situation might cause the de
partment to abandon the plan for the
cruise.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 22.— It is plan
ned by the Bureau of Navigation that
the battleships and cruisers of the
Asiatic fleet Instead of Indulging in
maneuvers this winter in the Philip
pines shall make a practice cruise east
ward 3500 miles to the Hawilan Islands.
This is in line with the policy of send
ing the ships of. the nav.y on long
cruises in squadron formation, simulat
ing conditions under' which they would
In time of war sail to attack a foreign
shore. Incidentally it may afford an
opportunity to detach a cruiser or two
from the Asiatic fleet which Is com
manded by Rear Admiral Evans and to
add them to the Pacific squadron,
which is not as strong as the Navy De
partment would like to have It.
ASIATIC FLEET TO GO
v- - ON PRACTICE CRUISE
Pacific Squadron May Be Increased
While Vessels Are in Hawaiian
Waters. ':i'^' r
Tourists who have visited Yellow
stone National Park and other reser
vations over which the -Federal author
ities exercise Immediate cbntVol incline
to the opinion that the national Gov
ernment should take charge of the Yo
semite Valley. Colonel Garrard of the
United. States cavalry favors this plan
and deals with the subject in his report
of military, observations. It is ah open
question whether Californians appre
ciate ..the responsibilities . devolving
upon , the State in' the management of
the trust. "When visitors compare the
hotel facilities in the Yellowstdne ; Park
with the hotel accommodations : in the
great 'canyon of . the Sierras they in
quire" if it would not be good policy for
Congress to step in and do the work
which the Legislature of California has
failed'to do. .-¦ . •
iMany. years ago, when the Yosemite
Valley Was .almost .Inaccessible and
tourist travel, light, the State appro
priations of money were adequate, but
the present allowances are wholly in
adequate to meet the requirements of
the management. The policy of the
Legislature in ; dealing with' the Yo
semite Valley : has -been! close handed
throughout. If steps are not taken by
the next Legislature for the adoption
of a ; liberal,*: broad-minded policy in re
lation to the affaljrs of the valley and
the extension of greater - accommoda
tion to \ visitors the agitation in favor
of Government control will be renewed.
GOVERNMENT SHOULD ACT.
masses of small trees and surrounding
brush are now revealed to the gaze of
the tourist. .
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 22. — The
leading painters and sculptors of this
city have, promised to co-operate In or
ganizing a Russian art exhibition at the
St. Louis 'Exposition.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 22. — Word was
received In this city to-day that Jacob
Blum, a prominent resident of San Ra
fael, died at the French Hospital in Sa n
Francisco to-day. Blum has been ail
ing for some time with internal trou
bles. ¦ '. •¦'
San Rafael Resident Dead.
And all this has been accomplised by
busy men engaged in the active pur
suits of life who have given of their
time, ability and energy with no com
pensation, or of compensation
other than the consciousness of duty
well performed in a worthy enterprise.
The board meets monthly, at which
time tJ*ere are. represented members
from all portions of the State. At these
monthly meetings nc-erally one-half
a day is consumed In the discussion of
matters relative to the welfare and
development of the State,
It has gained a reputation for Im
partial, unbiased Influence throughout
the State, and for independence and re
liability. It has been the means of ad
vertising more widely the great op
portunities presented to homeseekers
and to intending investors, than all
other agencies combined and has in
duced a permanent incoming of people
from the older States year after year
for a long period. In a word It has
been an important factor In securing
an increase in population of the State
of 750,000 people during the last decade.
It has become the one source In the
State from which relial/ . data Is ob
tainable in respect to many Important
industrial interests in the State.
GIVES RELIABLE DATA.
Continued From Page 6, Column 4.
widely distributed at home and abroad
and are recognized as standard author
ity on th<» subjects treated.
It has published hundreds of thous
ands of pamphlets, bulletins, maps and
reports, which have been 6ent free to
applicants for information In respect
to the State throughout the world.
It has written trns of thousands of
letters each year for many years, in
reply to inquirers seeking special In
formation. It has always placed its
influence on the side of high State
development, and been foremost in all
movements calculated to promote State
growth or the general good.
It has distributed in the last ten
years millions of folders, pamphlets,
leaflets and maps, furnished through
County Boards of Supervisors and com
mercial organizations. It has Interest
ed itself in State and national legis
lation whenever its influence could be
placed on the side of good commercial
policy, industrial growth or public
titllitv.
SALINAS, Nov. 22.— When the hear
ing of the matter of admitting the will
of the late Mrs. Flora McKinley Duck
worth, who left an estate estimated to
be worth nearly $100,000, came up yes
terday afternoon before Judge. L. F.
Smith in the Santa Cruz County. Supe
rior Court, George P. Burke, counsel
for Ellen Rianda, a- sister, sprang a
surprise, which will probably lead to a
prolonged and interesting litigation.
S. J. Duckworth, husband of the de
cedent and at one time clerk of the
State Assembly, had petitioned for let
ters testamentary, and it was during
the hearing that the point was made.
In the will of the decedent, after devis
ing all the property to him, she directs
"that my husband shall see that there
be offered one- mass per week for the
repose of my soul," and then concludes
with the following declaration: "I de
clare to my husband it be my wish that
he leave all my property he may die
possessed of, by. a last will and testa
ment, for the establishment and main
tenance at my residence, Monterey,
Cal., of a home where poor aged women
may be supported free of charge, ac
cording as the funds at hand may war
rant, and hope that he will carry this
wish out faithfully."
After the husband had testified that
at the time the will was executed he
had promised his wife he, would carry
out all her wishes. Attorney Burke ar
gued from a decision of the United
States Supreme Court in the famous
Colton will case and other legal author
ities, that the provisions of the will
quoted were absolutely void, and there
being no one appointed by the will a
residuary legatee the property of the
deceased descended' in equal shares to
Mrs. Rianda and Duckworth. Although
the will dispenses with a bond, it was
insisted by Mrs. Rlanda'a attorney that
the executor should give sufficient
bond. A decision Is expected this week.
REINFORCEMENTS RESCUE
BESIEGED TURKISH FORCE
One Ottoman Of fleer and Thirty Men
Killed in the Fighting Near
? Spatovo.
SALONICA, Nov. 22.— On the arrival
of the battalion of troops which i\vas
dispatched yesterday from Seres, In
Macedonia, to reinforce a Turkish com
mand besieged for two dayB in the
mountains near Spatovo by a band of
350 Insurgents, the latter withdrew.
The losses of the insurgents are un
known. Thirty Turkish soldiers and
one officer were killed and forty-seven
wounded. - . .
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Nov. 22.— Linn
Hartranft, Appraiser of the Port of Phil
adelphia, died to-day of Bright's disease,
aged '43 years. • • :
Americans displayed the greatest
strength in the foreign market, which
is stilly doubtful concerning the Russo-
Japanese situation. The demand for
Colombians fluctuated.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— The unexpected
ly brisk revival of business on the
Stock Exchange during the. past week
is attributed in large measure to the
revolution on the isthmus of Panama
and the recognition of the new republic,
as well as to the signing of the canal
treaty by the United States Secretary
of State and the Panamanian Minister
at Washington. It is believed that the
$40,000,000 appropriated for the purchase
of the canal territory will be temporar
ily employed In New York and will
ease the money market there. The re
vival in business has also been assisted
by the better outlook in South Africa,
based on the issuance of the blue book
containing the report of Henry Birch
enough, who was sent as a special com
missioner to inquire into the present
conditions and p^aspects of British
trade in that country, and who declared
that "the extent to which South Africa
has come to the front as a great mar
ket for the exploitation of British man
ufactures is almost startling."
The revival is further grounded on
the report of the South African Labor
Commission, which confirms the neces
sity of procuring labor abroad and
which is regarded Indirectly as favor
ing the introduction of Asiatic labor.
Altogether the chances of a general up
ward movement are considered as very
favorable.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., No/. 22.— Sheriff
Webb and Deputies Greenwood and
Halnes, of Natrona County, captured
Tom O'Day, the notorious survivor of
the Curry gang of outlaws, on the sum
mit of the Big Horn mountains at day
break to-day. O'Day had twenty-four
head of stolen horses In a narrow
ravine, but his comp. nlons had de
serted him. -
The officers started with their captive
for Casper, 190 miles east, but can not
reach the settlement before / Tuesday
evening. The party must cross _ the
Lesite mountains en route and there
O'Day's friends, who are gathering in
large numbers, will attempt to deliver
their leader. A posse -under "Jim"
Hart left Casper to-day and a posse In
a stage coach on the Round Hilde
ranch line have started out to aid the
sheriff and hope to reach the Lesite
mountains ahead of the desperadoes.
It is almost certain that a battle. will
be fought some time to-morrow, -when
the two opposing forces meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Prospect of a Big Law
suit Over Duck
worth Estate.
Panama Revolution Has
Good Effect on the
Stocks.
Sheriff Hurrying to Set
tlement With the
Brigand.
Some . of this, work was done last
year, and the "people that are inter
ested in valley affairs can gain a ¦ fair
idea of how the ground the Commis
sioners are now working on will ap
pear a year, or two hence. ¦¦-.'.
¦ In.na'anv places the commission is
making special effort to bring the no
blest oaks tp. view by cutting out tan
gled underbrush. In. some; places one
can see only, a thick wall of small pines
— pines not much thicker than a , pen
cil, but growing so close together 'as
to form a 1 wall 'impenetrable to light,
air and sunshine. 1 The outside' of "the
wall, \ haying .the benefit, of , light and
sunshine, presents a fairly healthy.: apf
pearance. Inside/ however? the trees
are Practically dead. ; ' ¦
The. pictures here .presented surely
tell the .truth concerning the so-called
forest _" devastation in '• the' valley. , but
of ., twelve pictures taken , The Call re-"
produces ' only two. . Other Illustrations
go to the establishment of the fact that
noble ., oaks long concealed from view,
and ; hampered ". In " growth by \ ', choking
VIEW OF THE Jb'UTURE.
There was a great thinning out of
small trees -along the panhandle, of
Golden Gate Park some twenty years
ago." When the thinning out began
many citizens protested against the
work, holding that the Commissioners
were committing acts of vandalism.
Time has demonstrated that the Com
missioners, in following the advice* of
the experts in forestry acted wisely.
It : would perhaps accord with * ad
vanced notions of park management if
the ! Yosemite A'alley . Commissioners
should retain certain spaces of the res
ervation in the natural form, even if
such retention should retard or dwarf
the' growth of the trees. In order,
however, to give the reservation park
like enchantments which stately trees
can impart it must' be cleared for the
trees to thrive. "¦•"¦•_/
Photography comes, to the aid of the
Yosemite 'Valley managers/ to" show
precisely what the Commissioners have
done and what they purpose doing. The
picture here presented of stately trees,
where one' can get. a vista of the for
est, represents the scene after;elimi
nation of the dense underbrush. The
companion picture is a view of:practi
cally the same area before the under
brush and small trees 1 we're cii^ | out!
These ohotos were taken near Kenny
viiie.'-.: ''¦';."¦¦'¦ -^ '" •;¦•';•
PARK TREES THINNED.
The Commissioners that are charged
with responsible duties pertaining to
the management of Yo&emUe Valley .af
fairs expect to be criticised, but they
expect somethlncin the nature of In
telligent comment on their acts. Since
Congress gave to the State of Califor
nia the right to manage affairs on the
Yosemite Valley reservation there have
been legislative investigation and
much public discussion on subjects re
lating to forest preservation. It is as
serted that the present commission Is
cutting out the trees and destroying
the attractions which nature bestowed
upon the park. .The wfdow of a for
mer guardian of the valley makes this
charge the theme of addresses to clubs
and societies.
Experts in forestry hold that' trees
must have air, breathing space, light
and sunshine In order to promote beau
ty of foliage and. unhampered growth
of the body. To admit light, air and
the warmth of sunshine dense masses
of undergrowth must be cut out and
removed. , ....
The thinning out process is recom
mended by the experts who have stud
ied the growth of trees on the' Presidio
reservation. .
SEEKING A GAME
WITH' CALIFORNIA
Washington University
Team Claims Coast
Championship.
NASHVILLE PHYSICIAN'S
WIFE DIES IN SAN MATEO
Long Illness o£ Mrs. Lena Baskette
Terminates When She Is
Alone.
SAN MATEO, Nov. 22.— Mrs. Lena
Baskette, wife of Dr. W. H. Baskette,
a noted Nashville physician and a pro
fessor in the Central University of
Tennessee, died suddenly here last
night at the residence of her son, F. E.
Baskette, a prominent druggist. She
was 43 years of age and had long been
a sufferer from bronchitis and asthma.
She came to California in the hope of
benefiting her health. She was feeling
unusually well when she retired last
night, but she failed to rise as usual
this morning and was found to be dead,
with every indication of a peaceful end.
Dr. Norris, who attended, gives the
cause of death as heart failure.
The remains will be sent to Nash
ville, to-morrow night for Interment,
accompanied by her son and his wife.
Her two daughters, who came West
with her, returned home only two weeks
ago. Mrs. Baskette was a daughter of
the celebrated Dr. Copeland of Tennes
see, the author of several well known
medical works.
Two Ventura County Pioneers Die.
VENTURA. Nov. 22.— County Fhysl
cian A. J. Comstock died at midnight,
after a lingering illness. City Engineer
E. T. Hare died suddenly last night.
He was a prominent Mason. Both were
pioneers of this county.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center St., Nov. 22.
Now that the University of Washing
ton has defeated the University of
Nevada at football it claims the coast
championship, and to settle all doubt
as to its supremacy on the criss-crossed
field has challenged the University of
California to play a game. The Seattle
Times is standing sponsor for the
Washington eleven and to-day Captain
Overall received the following telegram
in its name:
"Washington claims coast champlon-
Bhlp by defeating Nevada 2 to 0. It also
claims the right to play California in
the near future. Wire us your
opinion."
Captain Overall has not yet replied to
the telegram, as he wishes to consult
with Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto
before doing so. The chances are, how
ever, that a game will be arranged be
tween the two universities. ,
"So fas as I am concerned," said
Captain Overall, "we will play. I think
we could arrange for a game on one of
the coming holidays. The public would
like to see such a game, I believe, be
cause there is so much doubt about the
championship.
"California ought to be able to defeat
Washington, though I do not know
anything about the personnel or
strength of Its team. Nevada defeated
us, it's true, but then I think that if
we were to try it over again we would
win easily.
"There is some talk about California
meeting an Eastern eleven, say Mich
igan or Minnesota, but nothing has
come of it. We wired the people
managing the Carnival of Roses at Los
Angeles, but have heard nothing from
them yet. If we do play It will be on
Christmas or New Year's day." ,
Captafn Overall Is angry over the
published story that he is about to
St. Vincent's Alumni Meets.
The Alumni of St. Vincent's School
held their quarterly meeting yesterday
afternoon at the school building. The
meeting was In the form of a social'en
tertainment and a programme contain
ing many enjoyable numbers was ren
dered. :,.i
leave college because his activity in
athletics has interfered with his studies
so that he can not graduate. In the
first place, he says, he is not going to
leave college* long enough to prevent
him graduating next May, and in the
second place he is not behind in his
studies. At all events he will positively
remain in college. long enough to play
In the next intercollegiate .baseball
series against Stanford.
OUTLAW O'DAY
IN LAW'S GRIP
WAR IN COURT
MAY BE WAGED
STATE BOARD OF TRADE LABORS
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 22.— A mili
tary order is published here praising
the conduct of the troops in what is de
scribed as an affray between the sol
• diers and a mob at Orsha, in the dis
•trict of Yilna, November 19. The trou
ble was the outcome of an attempt by
a crowd of Jews to rescue six corelig
ionists who were being escorted to pris
on. No details of the affray are given,
except that the Jews attacked the sol
diers with stones and bludgeons and
that the soldiers defended themselves
with the butts of their rifles.
. The report that a fresh anti-Semitic
conflict has occurred at Gomel is de
nied, but it is stated that rigorous pre
cautions have been adopted in the pro
¦ vinces of Vilna, Kovono and Grodno
against revolutionary and anti-Semitic
troubles and strikes which are expect
od to occur.
WOBK OF CZAR'S TROOPS
CALLS FORTH PRAISE
Attacked hj Mob of Jews Soldiers
Used Butts of Guns for
Defense.
State Appropriation for
the Valley Inad
equate.
NEW REPUBLIC
HELPS BUSINESS
It was reported at the hospital that
Mrs. Schroder would not survive the
effects of the poison. Her husband.
Jacob Schroder, is a carpenter.
did not have strength enough to make
herself heard and came back to the
room."
| PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN IN THE YOSEMITE VALLEY, SHOWING THE WISDOM OF CLEARING AWAY THE UNDERBRUSH.
"Mother told me that after she had
taken the poison she crawled through
the hall to the door of a neighbor, but
Mrs. Schroder was found about half
an hour after she had taken the poi
son by her daughter Hattie, who was
Just returning from a late outing. The
story of the unhappy mother was told
by her daughter Hattie, a tall, hand
some blonde, 19 years of age. who
worked for the telephone company.
"Mother was distracted," said the
girl, "because of family troubles.
Everything seemed to go wrong Sat
urday. I stayed away all night Friday
and mother took it greatly to heart.
Then, too, my sister Constance quar
reled with mother and has been living
away from home. It is dreadful to
think that mother should be so foolish.
I came home about midnight Saturday
and found her stretched on the bed in
our room, groaning and moaning. I
felt awfully about it, as I had been out
having a good time.
"During the day we got to talking
about committing suicide by using
laudanum and mother said: 'When you
think of committing suicide, you want
to take something strong like carbolic
acid.'
SPOKANE, "Wash., Nov. 22.—Desper
ate because of worry over her daugh
ters, Mrs. Jacob Schroder swallowed
two ounces of carbolic acid shortly be
fore midnight yesterday. Racked with
pain, she lay on a. cot\ in St. Luke's
Hospital, fighting d grim battle with
death, while her two heart-broken
daughters watched beside her.
"Special Dispatch to The CalL
Girl Who Had Been on an
Outing Pind3 the Dying ;
Woman.
ers of 870 mills in this State. Governor
Ravage himself is the owner of a large
sawmill here. President Elliott gave
assurance that he would recommend to
the directors the necessity of greatly
augmented equipment for handling
lumber and shingles.
Governor Savage asked in particular
for a reduction of rates to Missouri
River points from 50 to 40 cents, there
by enabling lumbermen to send into
Colorado, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri
and Iowa coninon grades of lumber
which are now piled up at the mills
for lack of a market. President Elliott
replied that such reduction would prob
ably cause a corresponding reduction
by roads hauling Southern pine. Seven
hundred men are thrown out.
Yesterday those facts were eloquent
ly presented to President Elliott and
other Northern Pacific officials by for
mor Governor Savage of Nebraska, who
spoke as the representative of the own-
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 22.— A criti
cal situation confronts hundreds of
lumber and shingle manufacturers in
this State owing to the car shortage
er.d the fact that the existing railroad
rates permit lumbermen to ship only
t;:r.bi>rs and the highest lumber grades
to the great markets of the Missouri
and the Mississippi valleys in competi
tion with Southern white pine.
The car shortage has resulted In a
loss to manufacturers of something
like 10,900 carloads of business during
the last six months. The shortage is
caused partly by the delay of the Bur
lington lines in sending back Northern
Pacific cars for reloading, the Burling
ton preferring to pay demurrage while
using: the cars in moving Mississippi
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Action of Railroads Prevents
Transportation to the
East
Vasi Business Losses by
Washington Lum
bermen.
Mother, Whose Daugh
ter Remained Away,
Attempts Suicide.
LONELY PARENT
DRINKS POISON
CAR SHORTAGE
CAUSES ALARM
AIR AND SUNLIGHT GIVEN TO NOBLE TREES OF THE YOSEMITE
PARK BY CUTTING OUT DENSE MASSES OF OLD UNDERBRUSH
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, 31 OND AY, KUpMBER 23* 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
BERXELEY PROFESSOR'S
STRANGE LIFE "
AMONG THE CLIFF .
DWELLERS." -¦
I K O N A 1
I COFFEE- I
H fTi rvc flavor M
H 17 cents pound f|
§ KOWi KOFFEE-KOMPANY I
¦ ppp.osi (by C • t y of Par is D ry_ O ood<s Co. H
H*;" Phqrtfe Bush 510 j. Italy and England have reached an agreement which dic
tates a policy congenial to both and, as far as any one else
knows, is net inimical to the peace and .prosperity of the
rest of us. It is'such compacts as this. that will crowd The
Hague with triumphs and honors . of peace and make the
world wonder why it has been that the admonition of good
will has been so hard to understand.
-John Alexander Dowie has issued a „ command to his
simple-minded followers ;to sell their belongings and place
in his hands $2,000,000 for the advancement of Zion.' It is to
be hoped that the command will; be obeyed. One of the
surest^ and quickest ways of curing idiocy is to remove its
environment and' the possession" of money is inevitably the
worst possible environment for idiots. When Dowie's fol
lowers have nothing to give they will be powerless to as
sault common sense.
The Mayor Was In.
George Keane, the Mayor's secretary,
is a discreet and faith'ful sub-official,
but there Is such a thing as overdoing
It. Saturday a newspaper man who has
the entree to the Mayor's quarters en
tered the secretary's room In search of
"The Mayor is still out of town,
George," he suggested, referring to the
Industriously circulated report that his
Honor had -fled to the lofty pines for
a "well earned rest" and to escape the
importunities of office seekers.
"Yes,'.' answered Mr. Keane gravely,
"and I don't know when he'll be back."
At that instant the door of the May
or's private office opened and his Honor
stepped Into the secretary's room.
And Mr. Kear-e calmly ; looked his
newspaper friend In the eye and never
turned- a hair: .'f^.
What a Child Thinks.
"I like to lie and wait to see
My mother braid her hair;
It is as long as it can be.
And yet she doesn't care,
I love my mother's hair.
"And then the way her fingers go;
They look so quick and white—
In and out, and "to and fro.
,And braiding In the light.
And It is always right. J % ./_•
"So then she winds it. shiny brown..
Around her head Into a crown.
Just like the day before;
And' then she looks, and pats it down.
And looks a minute more.
While I stay here, all still and cool.
Oh. isn't morning beautiful V
— Josephine Wheeler in Harper's Maga
. zlne. .-¦;•' : ?x-«t i i'*&'.if
"Decorative Garbage."
The London Chronicle says that an
able woman has just undertaken the
protest, which peer and peasant must
approve, against the nameless trash
women are now wearing. The peer's
wife wears a real diamond, and the
peasant, where there Js any peasantry
wears her ornament cf real gold. But
other women, conspicuously, those of
London, w-ear tinsel, sham feathers,
sham Jewels, sham furs, odds and bobs
of every kind that cost 30 cents and
look it. Except for a remnant of po
liteness a man might be tempted tc call
all. such decorations garbage. It has
never been so abundant as this year
What is said of London wotp»ii' s «ham
finery does not apply to New York or
Boston women; still it is too evident
WITH the approaching celebration of the comple
tion of the Ogden-Lucin cut-off public attention
will be drawn to the improvements which have
been made in the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific rail
road system since it passed under the direction of President
Harriman. The promise made by Mr. Harriman in his
speech at the banquet given him by the merchants of San
Francisco shortly after he became president of the road will
be readily recalled and the celebration of the accomplished
work will serve to show how faithfully he is keeping to his
programme of improvement announced at that time.
It is estimated by experts that the completion of the cut
off will enable the railroad to reduce the time of travel on
the Overland Limited from San Francisco to Chicago by
fully seven hours. To furnish that advantage to the travel
ing public the company has expended, it is said, very nearly
$5,000,000. That would be a notable improvement in our
transportation system even if it stood alone, but it is but a
part of the great scheme of improvement undertaken on all
the lines controlled by the Harriman interests. In fact so
much has been accomplished in the way of improving the
roadbed and facilitating travel and traffic that the coming
celebration might well be made the occasion of a general
congratulation over, work done over the whole wide extent
A recent statement of the expenditures for improvements
of one kind or another on the various lines fixed the total
amount, for the three years ending on June 30 of this year
at $1 04,348,360. The amount includes for betterments, $46,
415.587; for changes of lines, $14,532,237, and for equipments,
$43,200,545. It is to be noted that while the figures cover
the expenditures for all the lines controlled by the Harriman
interests the proportionate expenditures for new equipment
on the Southern Pacific are far greater than on any of the
other lines. . *
•In the face of such a showing there will be no desire to
criticize the management and yet it is to be noted that the
road has failed to keep pace with the growing demands of
the industries and the commerce of the State. Perhaps no
better evidence can be given of our abounding prosperity
and of the rapidity with which we are advancing.
RAILROAD IMPROVEMENTS.
One of our leading musical critics, evidently fearless, says
the musicians of San Francisco are sadly lacking in har
mony. , It is unfortunate that he did not use a better word
and save us the interminable trouble of justifying our mu
sical artists in their acknowledged position of an ability to
interpret the noblest harmonies ever conceived. Our critic,
we hope, meant solidarity, not harmony.
A small window overlooked the fan
tan came and this aperture could be
reached from the roof of an adjoining
house. Small posted the other mem
bers of the scuad at the door with
sledgehammers, then carried a long
pipe, painted in many colors, to the
roof. The glass In the window was
shattered as the long pipe crashed,
through It and came down over the
gambling table. Into his end of the
pipe Small Inserted a large revolver and
commenced flrins. Flame and smoke
belched out of the end of the impro
vised gun and the players started back
in amazement and slunk into the cor
ners of the room. A few who tried
to escape were nailed by the officers
outside. Meanwhile the doors were be
ing battered down and the police held
the upper hand. Whenever a venture
some Chinese would approach the table
to secure the paraphernalia of the
game and dump It down the sewer pipe
before the policemen could break in
Small would fire another volley and the
Chinese would dart back again, leaving
the stuff untouched, in this way the
raid was made. The big gun had them
"buffaloed," and seventy-eight of them
marched three abreast to the Hall of
Justice.
Officer George Small of Corporal Dan
Sylvester's Chinatown squad sat on a
box in front of a workshop thinking
out a scheme by which to catch Wong
Fook's fantan game. He had resorted
to every ruse his mind could conceive
and, in the parlance of the street, was
"up against It." Finally a happy
thought struck him. He knew some
thing of the heathen's terror of things
beyond their comprehension and pro
posed to coin their superstitions into
usefulness.
Outwitted the Chinese.
The quotation serves to help us understand the light in
which we are viewed by some at least of those whom we look
upon as under our protection and care. It is by no means
improbable, however, that the article was inspired either
directly or indirectly by, a European interest. All reports
from Southern Brazil, Argentina and Chile are to the effect
th.it those countries are being settled by European colonists,
who bid fair eventually to crowd out the Latin races and
take possession of every part of the continent that can be
profitably cultivated by white men. One authority estimates
that upward of 400,000 immigrants from Germany, Austria.
Hungary and Switzerland are already settled in what is called
"the empty continent." Moreover Europeans are not the
only colonists, for the Japanese are becoming numerous
throughout Argentina. >
It is to be noted that the Latin Americans do not object
to the immigration that is pouring into their country, for jx
is an immigration that brings money and helps to advance
the general prosperity. Consequently a sentiment is in pro
cess of formation that is distinctly hostile to the Monroe
doctrine and to American protection. The statement quoted
from the Buenos Ayres Herald may be an expression of that
sentiment and a forerunner of a steady drift of public opinion
in Argentina in favor of European colonization and Euro
pean alliances. At any rate it is evident the people of those
countries do not regard us with that affection and trust we
believe to be our due, and the time may come when we will
h:-ve to enforce the Monroe doctrine against their protests
and possibly against their open hostility.
A RECENT Teport from South America quotes the
Buenos Ayies Herald as saying: "Cuba is nominally
free, but. every man of common sense knows that.it is
but a question of time when that island will find its way into
the United States, and it requires no prophet nor son of a
prophet to see and foretell that Mexico and Central America
will share the same fate. The southern boundary of the
United States will be at least as far south as Panama and
this will come about at no great distance of time. The true
policy of the United States should be to confine its interest
now and for the future to that limit. South America is no
more within the logical sphere of influence of the United
States than Europe. The United States has no more inter
est here than any other power, and it is not wanted here for
the enforcement of the Monroe doctrine."
SOUTH AMERICAN PROBLEMS.
Two pugilists were. arrested the other day in Vancouver
on charges of highway robbery. Whatever else may be said
of this brace of brawny worthies they are to be complimented
on the courage of their convictions, which impelled them to
operate in a field for which their natures, antecedents and
education best fitted them. They are to be praised for being
more candid than their fellows. * . *><!,'
"An* when the shootin' comes he
claims he shot only in defense of his
constitootional rights."
"Watcheye .comes home frum down
t' Heggerty's place with some spir
ltus liquors concealed about his per
son an' sees the heifer stuck half-way
thru the fence. Then .he flggers that
the court has given him everything
north of that bound'ry line, an' he
goes an' gets a ax an' chops the north
end of that heifer off clean with the
fence.
"Quartz" Billings leaned easily up
against the stove railing and held up
two fingers to the man behind the ma
hogany counter. .
"Well, sir, there wuz one man up in
Nevada who jus' natchully figured on
which wuz the north end of a young
heifer, an* goes ahead an' 'propriates
it, much to the general upsettln* of the
law an* order of Washoe County. This
man wuz Watcheye Baker-^Eeln' so
since he had a watch eye like a coach
dog.
"He an' old man Sticklitz lives on
•Joinin' ranches, an' there wuz not so
much of the milk of human kindness
circulating betw'ixt an* between, 'spe
cially since they went to court over the
bound'ry of their lands, an' after a long
an' wearisome adjudication the court
.compromises an' sets up a line. Every
thing to the north of that line b'longs
to Watcheye, and to the south to Stick
litz, accordin*.
"Well, .Watcheye gets pretty sore
over the judgment an* calklates to get
it back at the Dutchman comln' the
first opportunity. No\f, Sticklitz had a
prize heifer which he wuz nursln 1 up
to take to the State Fair, an' he turned
her out to pasture in the meader which
lies next to Watcheye's land, there be
in' only a rickety board fence between.
But one day this prize heifer ups an'
gets onreasonable, like any woman, an'
riggers to get thru the fence into
Watcheye's alfalfa. She gets half thru,
an' there she sticks.
"Now. just off-hand like, you couldn't
tell for the minute which wuz the north
end of a cow — am I right?"
"Quarts" on Legal Rights.
to stand it any longer, and with the full approval of her
president and faculty gave public notice that no further ath
letic relations would be had with the University of Southern
California until the latter puts athletics upon a higher plane
of manhood and honor than she has in th'e past." "
Now what are the amenities of football south of Tehachapi?
Do they include "biting, gouging, tearing out of hair and
deliberate striking?" v Thcre is a seemingly great difference
of opinion as to how the game should be conducted. Who
will classify a code so that pleasant relations may be resumed
in the southland and football be played to suit all who have
bodies and limbs to risk on the field?
FOOTBALL is a rough game. Weaklings will not in
dulge in it. The valorous, the stout of limb and strong
in lung turn to it with the same passionate devotion
that inspired pi old the contestants in the Olympian games.
Some bones are broken, many hopes are dashed, many hearts
elated as the surging and tumultuous elevens battle between
the goals. These are customary incidents.
But however fiercely this game of men may . have raged
north of Tehachapi, when the "rooters," looking on in criti
cal moments with bated breath, were in mood to forgive any
sort of tactics to bring victory to Berkeley's or to Stanford's
floating colors, the football players of the southland below
Tehachapi would seem to have "gone the limit" in hard play
ing. Indeed so strenuously has football been carried on in
Southern California that the newspapers iti that part of the
State are excited.
The Los Angeles Times remarks concerning a recent con
test between the University of Southern California and the
Sherman Institute elevens: ¦ ~v »f
"It has now come to such a pass that the public in going
to a game participated in by U. S. C. actually expects to sec
a slugging match, in which civilized football is made to give
way before the barbaric tactics of biting, . gouging*" tearing
out of hair and deliberate striking. In yesterday's game cer
tain of the U. S. C. players conducted themselves in a fash
ion that may be quite the thing among the Dyak headhunt
ters of the island of Borneo, but isquite out of 'place in a
game which is supposed to.be played by gentlemen and is
often watched by ladies."
The Pomona Progress reads a similar lesson in ethics on
the occasion: "If the University of Southern California is
not going to stand in the eyes of the public for the cultiva
tion of brutality in young men instead of manly courage and
honor it is high time for her to give some expression of dis
approval of the disgraceful tactics of her athletic association
and exercise her authority, to put a stop to such tactics in
the future. For several years U. S.C.'s tactics in athletics
have been a subject of such bitter complaint on the part of
her sister colleges that Pomona College finally resolved not
ETHICS OF FOOTBALL.
Compulsory instruction in modern languages is to "be one
of the features of a military education in Germany. This
undoubtedly will give marked impetus to the development of
those charming social relations* which inevitably follow the
course of a successful campaign and crown the glories of a
n;ililary occupation of an enemy's country. .
"He probably might tell you without
your asking if you gave him the
chance, but anybody with an atom of
sense would object to being forced to
tell every time he turned around and
why.*'
"If he loves me he ought to be will -
ing to tell me so little a thing as that."
What are you going to do with a
woman like that to live with every day
Something of this kind I said to Ella
and that to ask a man so much semed
to me like an indignity. She replied:
"How funny you are! Why should' he
object to telling me If he Isn't going
where he is ashamed to have it known?
Am I not his wife and entitled to know
all he does?"
Think cf a Belf-respecting, able
bodied and minded man being subject
ed to that every time he goes out of
the house. Could you bear It, oh, Bis
ter woman, if he out you through a
like questioning? Why should a man
or a woman be required to give an ac
count of all the moments as they
fly? Speaking of human beings from
my own standpoint, I should say there
is nothing dearer than freedom of the
individual, and nothing much harder
to bear than any infringement upon it.
I consider being questioned almost the
unpardonable offense on the part of a
friend, yet, left to myself, probably I
should tell him or her all I knew; but
quizzing me always results in my tell
ing nothing and there must be others
like that.
• • •
Another of my friends loves her hus
band devotedly, Ehe says. She has no
secrets from him — nor any. from any
body else — not even those she ought to
have, for perfect faith does not neces
sitate telling a man every foolish lit
tle thing, nor passfr.g on to him some
thing some girl friend has told her.
When of an evening her husband puts
on his coat to go out this wife begins,
"Why, Harry, are you going out this
evening? Where are you going? What
are you going for? Who else is going?
What makes you go? You can think of
me waiting here alone until you get
back. I Ehall sit up until you get
home."
One of my girl friends said to me of
her fiance: "I am not one of the silly
girls who cannot see faults in those
they care for. I can see them all the
plainer because I love, and though I
have hunted very hard for them, I
can't see a fault in Joe, and so I know
he hasn't got any." She and Joe got
married and went their loving way.
Some years later I met her, and in the
course of conversation she surprised me
by saying: "No. of course I don't tell
Joe everything the way I used to. Men
are so stupid they never understand, so
it is foolish to tell them and get Into a
fuss."
"Do they grow stupid after mar
riage?"
"Well, they may not, but they seem
to. Why, Joe nearly went wild over the
most innocent letter that a man sent
me, and he happened to find. I've told
the maid again and again never to
bring my letters to the table, but to
put them in my bureau drawer, but she
is so careless. One often has letters
she doesn't wish her husband to see,
bills and things of that sort."
Now, it is hard for me to imagine a
marriage a success in which one party
to the contract has such a feeling as
that. Marriage., it seems to me. is one
of two things: either a business con
tract or a union founded upon senti
ment, and if deceit enters into it one
party or the other is not living up to
the agreement, however smoothly
things may seem to go. If It is a busi
ness concern, each partner has a right
to the confidence of the other, and so
long as sentiment enters into it there
will be the same interchange of inter
ests between married couples as be
tween the engaged. The rule holds as
good whether applied to man or to
woman.
To an outsider one of the strongest
arguments against matrimony is the
number of those who try to get out of
it. Being tied is in itself a condition
trying 1 to an erratic temperament, for
you are never so eager to get away as
when you know you can't.
I have watched devoted lovers grow
into indifferent partners, and also have
seen most beautiful marria~<-s grow
from rather commonplace wooings, so
the advance stage seems not much of
an indication what the future will
give.
No one who has considered the mat
ter thoughtfully can doubt that mar
riage at its best is the perfect life,
id^al in its relations and in its develop
ment cf the best type of man and
woman, but. unfortunately, that a
thing may be is not the same as that
it is.
It might be said at the outset that the
fact of asking all over the world if
marriage is a failure is not proof that
it is a success, nor is the excellence of
an institution p.ved by the few cases
but by the many. The few but prove
the possibility of success where there
is more often but slight measure of it.
Whether marriage be absolutely a
{allure or not is something to be de
cided only by those who have tried it,
and I am no feminine Don Quixote,
tilting against windmills. I am simply
an observer, sc'ns happy marriages,
and unhappy, and sometimes finding
what is evident to all except the per
sons most concerned, "the little rift
within the lute," which has made its
music mute.
BT (MISS) DORA MAT MORRELL.
Is Marriage a Failure?
There is now no complaint of any consequence regarding
the supply of railroad cars to handle the traffic, which show;
that either the railroads have greatly increased their freight
rolling stock or that the country is doing less business. Both
factors probably exist. The earnings, however, thus far in
November are 6.1 per cent larger than in November, 1902. v
A favorable feature last week was the better tone of the
jobbing and retail trades, both of which reported a more ac
tive demand for winter goods, with buyers showing a prefer
ence for the higher priced wares. Farmers, too, are evidently
prosperous, as they arc generally holding out for top prices
for their products all over the country, and some are not dis
posed to sell at all at present.
The financial situation remains about as before! The cur
rent movement of gold from Europe to this country imparts
confidence among the moneyed interests and there is now
very little talk about tight money, while interest rates" in
New York are much lower than they were expected to be
some months ago. The supply of funds, too, is larger. Wall
street ought to respond to this satisfactory condition by in
creased activity and a rising market, but it does not. The
market continues dull and weak, with the public still chary
about meddling with the financial fire. The speculators have
lost so much money by the great Wall street, decline of the
past year that many of them have no more surplus money to
invest and those who have are not investing it in securities,
no matter how cheap they are. The wounds must heal be
fore they again enter the battle.
On the Pacific Coast the conditions continue better than
across the mountains. We are troubled by no particular
dullness out here. True, some lines report a perceptible
diminution in the volume of trade, but as a rule we are doing
very well. Money is abundant, interest rates are reasonable,
building operations are still active, real estate is selling very
well and at good prices, the demand for farm products is ex
cellent, the copious rains point to large crops for next year
and the situation all around abounds with promise.
TRADE conditions remain about as previously stated.
While general business throughout the country is good
the individual lines show considerable irregularity. The
most important line, that of iron and steel and concomitant
branches,' is one of those making an unfavorable exhibit.
Notwithstanding the decreased production and recent reduc
tions in quotations, both of^which were expected to stimulate
the decreasing movement, the business is still lagging. Buy
ers are purchasing only from hand to mouth and are exact
ing concessions, the belief prevailing that still lower prices
must rule. The industry is also unfavorably affected by the
decrease in building operations, which cuts down the demand
for structural material. More mills and' blast' furnaces have
closed down and altogether the iron and steel industry is
as -quiet now as it was active a year ago. J /v"
In other industrial lines similar conditions prevail to a
greater or less degree. Leather tanneries are closing down
here and there and many textile mills in the Atlantic Coast
States are running on half time. Lumber in the Eastern
States is quieter owing to the decrease in building. Woolen
and worsted mills and clothing factories report less activity.
But against these unfavorable features the Southern cotton
mills are increasing stock and the boot and shoe shipments
from New England are reported larger than at this time
last year, with a rather better feeling in hides.
The great food staples are still tending downward, though
slowly. Larger supplies of hogs and other livestock in the
West have resulted in weakening markets for beef and pork
products and the packers at the great Western centers are
giving little or no support to their markets beyond that nec
essary to prevent a too violent and rapid decline. Wheat is
quiet, with smaller exports, as Europe is getting about all
the wheat she wants from Russia, India and Argentina, and
Australia now announces that instead, of importing, as she
did last year, she will have some for export. These condi
tions render Europe rather independent of American^ wheat
at present. Our fine corn crop, too, estimated by the Gov
ernment at about 2,300,000,000 bushels, tends to lower quo
tations on this grain;
The statistical position of trade remains about as before.
The bank clearings .continue to show a falling off in the
volume of business as compared with last year, the decrease
last week being 21.4 per cent, though the clearings rolled up
the very satisfactory aggregate of $2,112,000,000.. The great
majority of large cities showed a decrease. The failures
were 249, against 266 last year, and there were a number un
pleasantly large, including several banks and some prominent
commercial houses.
Besides, the loss of all poetry out of
the mutual life, another cause for the
unhappiness in marriage -that makes it
seem a failure is lack of courtesy, of
the consideration that Is given instinct
ively by the sweetheart who counts it
no bore to listen to her lover's stories,
nor finds it difficult to laugh at them,
though she hears them over and over.
Courtesy will do much to smooth the
walks' of life, more than love itself, if
love lack that sweet grace and forgets
that '•*}¦ ," : -.¦•¦-; '
Still In mutual sufferance lies the secret of
true living;
That «carce Is Love which never knows the
sweetness of forclvinsr. <
Jealousy, brutality and vulgarity are
so strikinglx offensive that all the
world admits there is no chance for
happiness with them, but they wreck
few lives comparatively. If marriage Is
a failure it is not in any great measure
because of these, but because it Is al
lowed to become commonplace. Those
who keep a touch of romance In their
relations do not find wedded bliss a
myth. It Is well to preserve one's illu
sion*
Um
Mutt borrow robes from Beauty;
Life must rise above the mart,
Faith and Love are all Ideal. : '
It may be hard to be happy If you
have black eyes and hair, when your
husband takes pleasure in cabling your
attention to beauties with blue eyes and
golden hair, and tells you how he al
ways admired that style of beauty, but
think what a compliment he paid you
in preferring you in spite of his fancy
for another type of comeliness. ¦
One cannot be happy with an unbear
ably jealous man, who suspects his wife
at every turn, but the man with minor
faults, such as asking "What did you
do with the 50 cents I gave you last
week?" may be cured by the right
handling. I have seen that done.
It is true that the happiness of mar
ried life depends a good deal upon the
woman— more, I think, than upon the
man— because her strength lies in Just
and proper using of the powers of heart
and spirit. Of course, men sometimes
are trying and dense, but I have seen
most unpromising material made into
husbands who were dejightful and the
envy of women who had not known or
cared how to use what was theirs to
build with.
I have never seen aai instance of a
very happy marriage when the woman
was the bread winner, if the husband
were a strong, well man. If a woman
makes a home and cares properly for
the husband and the children who
should be in it, she has business enough
within the walls of her house. What
ever she does outside is just so much
taken from the strength and thought
that belong rightly to the home and
its inmates. From the beginning it has
been woman's part to care for what the
man provided and this instinct is rooted
back many centuries and is part of the
human race to-day. So surely as it is
violated for anything but the greatest
need the woman and the man suffer for
the violation. She grows to despise the
man who does not provide for her—
though she does not say so— and he
loses his self respect.
The woman who works with all her
might to heir) a man make money
makes a great mistake if she is seeking
happiness, for the money Is bought at
the cost of the character development
in tenderness and unselfishness that the
man needs and gets when he looks
after his wife as he wants to when he
marries. It should be some very strong
cause that leads her to take from him
this right to an unselfish manhood. The
woman who makes a true home does
more for the man than she does by go-
In*r into the labor mart, and she cannot
do both. It is no easier than it is to
"serve God and Mammon."
In the course of my wanderings to
and fro I have often spent some time
at a house where there has never been
a meal finished without some fault
finding by the master thereof. This Is
not due to ill-cooked food, for the wife
prepares good dishes and sees that the
cook does likewise. If the chicken is
broiled. "Why didn't you fry this?" If
it is fried. "Why , wasn't it boiled?" Or
perhaps the complaint will be . that
chicken was cooked at all when he
wanted fish. The vegetables were al
ways over or under done; something
that he wanted and had not spoken
about had not been prepared. Maybe it
would be, "I've been trying ever since
I was married to teach Polly to make
bread, but it seems impossible for her
to get it into her head," and the bread
Is as light and sweet as bread ought to
be. Heaven help the woman whose
husband thinks he can cook, and help
her doublv if at the same time he has
the grumbling habit!
• • •
She often sighs because marriage is
so different from the girl's dream, yet
she never blames herself for any part
of the failure. Still, as she could speak
before me and her children with this
lack of courtesy to the man whom she
had sworn before God to love and to
honor, she may not be wholly flee from
fault. Should you, present lovers, call
the marriage in which such as this was
a common occurrence a success or a
failure?
While I was at this friend's home her
husband told at dinner of something
funny that had happened that day in
the office, addressing his remarks di
rectly to her. She made no pretense of
listening, and evidently did not hear a
word.
"You don't seem to see anything fun
ny in that?"
"Oh, I never .listened to it at all. I
thought likely it was as stupid as the
stories you usually tell" — rudeness In
her manner as in her words.
"No other woman ought to be bo
handsome to a man as hla wife, how
ever she looks," sQbbed she, as if a man
lost his eyesight when he married.
Wouldn't you supose a woman would
lose confidence in her husband's Judg
ment if he thought she was the most
beautiful of women, when her mirror
told her nothing of the sort? .
Once. I was visiting a friend who had
bee.n the most romantic and sentimen
tal of girls. When she was flrst mar
ried she wept bitterly because her hus
band said another woman j was the
handsomest one he had ever seen.
— love her? Yes, but you will come to
the- conclusion that dumbness is not
without some compensations.
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
California is certainly the land of the
long lived. From the Modesto News it
Is learned that at the golden weddins
of aged Mr. and Mrs. T. E. B. Rice
their seven children and sixteen grand
children were all present to pay "their
respects to the aged couple. Not a
death had occurred in the family for fif
ty years. Every link in the chain was
complete.
No Link Missing,
According to the London Westmin
ster Gazette the Russian Government
has appointed a heraldic commission to
inquire into the origin of the titles of
the numerous "princely" families of the
Caucasian provinces. Princes are more,
numerous there, It seems, than any
where else in the world, since the old
Mingrelian monarchs used to ennoble
their subjects on .the smallest pretext.
One peasant, for example, was accord
ed the style of Prince for picking up a
scarf which the monarch had dropped
in the mud, and another for acting as
beater on the occasion of a royal shoot.
The consequence Is that Russia Is full
of Caucasian Princes who keep small
shops, while Gorki, who prides himself
on his realism, has written a story of a
Caucasian Prince who was al3o a
tramp.
Princes at Wholesale.
"An almost forgotten mystery of the
Austrian Alps has at last been cleared
up.* Thirteen years ago a guide named
Untensteinen disappeared from Gross
vendlger, and nothing was again heard
of him until a few days since, when hi3
body was found thickly sheathed In Ice.
He had evidently fallen into a crevasse,
and the body, forming round Itself an
icy casing, had during thirteen years
followed the movements of the glacier,
being at last recovered at lta lowest
extremity, where it emerged to view.
The feet bones alone protruded from
the Ice. Great difficulty was experi
enced In extricating the body."
The short story of the Alps once
written by Frances Hodgson Burnett
has found Its duplicate in real life,
according to the New York Tribune,
which says:
Stranger Than Fiction.
"Do you like bananas?" she repeated.
"Well, my dear." he replied, "so Ions
as you have introduced the topic, I will
say that I much prefer the old-fash
ioned nightshirt."
So the time dragged along till tha
dinner was waning and the fruit was
passed.
The young woman determined to
make a final effort at being agreeable*,
so she threw her voice into saying:
"Do you like bananas?"
"How's that?" asked her neighbor in
a surprised tone.
Walter Camp, the athletic adviser <>?
Yale University, was recently enter
taining a gathering of undergraduate
friends with experiences of hl3 own.
says the New York Tribune. He told of
a dinner where a charming young wo
man was seated next to an exceedingly
deaf old man. She had done her best in
Interest him, but had found It necessary
to shout out each remark unto the third
and fourth narration before the old
man could catch the point.
Worthy of Chaunccy.
An old Washington gentleman tells a
story which he overheard President
Lincoln repeat, and which he believes
has not been published.
During one of his busy reception
hours, when the President was talking
first to one, then to another of the
many who filled the room In the White
House, a gentleman asked If any news
had been received from John Morgan,
whose Confederate cavalry were raid-
Ing Kentucky and Ohio.
"We'll catch John some of these
days." replied Lincoln. "I admire him.
for he is a bold operator. He alway3
goes after '.'.\4 mall trains In order to
get information from Washington. On
his last raid he opened some mall bags
and took possession of tt* official cor
respondence.
"One letter was from the War De
partment to a lieutenrnt in Grant's
army; it contained n captain's com
mission for him. RfghL under the
signature of A. Lincoln the audacious
Morgan wrote. 'Approved, John Mor
gan,' and sent the commission on its
way. So there Is one officer in our army
whose commission bears my signature,
with the approval of that daredevil
rebel raider."
That Devil Morgan.
that cheap Imitations In Jewelry prevail
even among those who can afford bet
ter. In speaking of this fancy for
wampum to a much decked woman she
repl.ed that, as she was the owner of
some fine genuine Jewelry, she consid
ered herself justified In wearing the
shams, and thereby saving herself all
anxiety on account of the real things.
But just the same "decorative garbage"
is good, and one can never see tbe poor
little make-believes without thinking of
the Chronicle man's expressive phrase.
THE SAN FBANCJSCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1903.
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL
¦ ' . - -1 -- n,r - A-IJ-I.-J-V- -'t njinn *-rinjtnri.nnr-n- ,', n>l |,'l. ' . _ . 1 ' ', , , r - nrLn.r.n - -inn/inan I- in -in -i.r -urn m l ¦_.- - -___: 1 ', '." "'_
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ¦.. /; .. . . . . . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office - <t^!gig^& * Third and Market Streets, S. P.
MONDAY ...NOVEMBER 23. 1903
8
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
The wise father will try to bring up
his children in the way he should have
gone.
Special Information supplied daily to A
business houses and public men by thar
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bid*. •A boy never gets much comfort out of
his first cigar, but he gets lots of expe
rience.
VALLEJO, Nov. 22.— Mr. Hansen,
who for the last four years had been
cockswain of the steam launch of the
United States receiving ship Independ
ence, met with a sudden and tragic
death last night He was returning
from San Francisco on the navy yard
tug Unadilla and in a passageway
leaned his back against a door to al
low some one to pass. The door gave
way and Hansen fell backward into
the flreroom and broke his neck.
Cockswain of a Government Launch
at Mare Island Meets Tragic
Death. -
FALLS INTO FIREROOM
AND BREAKS HIS NECK
VALLEJO, Nov. 22.— Frank M. Denio,
a well known resident and business
man of this city, dropped dead early
this morning while hunting ducks in
the marshes a little west ' of Napa
Junction. He was accompanied by Dr.
Chappell of this city and Frank Alex
ander of Napa Junction.
Denio was a prominent Odd Fellow, a
member of the Ancient Order of Unit
ed Workmen and a former chief of the
Vallejo fire department. He was an
expert horseshoer and race horse men
brought their trotters, pacers and run
ners for miles to have them shod 'by
him. His death is attributed by the
Coroner's Jury to heart disease.
Well-Known Resident of Vallejo
» Drops Lifeless During an
Outing.
DIES WHILE HUNTING
DUCKS IN MARSHES
Burbank wrote the letter yesterday
afternoon and addressed it to the Cor
oner. Before the epistle was handed
out Burbank Intended hanging himself,
but the finding of the rope frustrated
his plans. The letter recites ; that by
the time it reached the Coroner the
writer would be dead. Burbank ex
pressed a wish to be buried beside "My
dear Dora," referring to the woman he
killed.
REDDING, Nov. 22.— That John H.
Burbank, yesterday found guilty of
murder in the second degree for kill -
Ing Dora Strubber at Delamar July 15
last, intended to hang himself with the
rope found secreted in the ventilator
of his cell was proven to-day by the
receipt of a letter from the prisoner to
the' Coroner.
Convicted Prisoner at Redding Unin
tentionally Reyeals His
Futile Plan.
WRITES OF SUICIDE
THAT DIDN'T OCCTJR
Vice Admiral Togo, who has Just suc
ceeded Admiral Tsubol In command of
the standing squadron of Japan, is the
most popular naval officer in that coun
try, and great things are expected from
the "flehting admiral" in case of war
with Russia. In 1894, when the Jap
anese destroyed the Chinese fleet, Togo
wiui captain of the Naniva Kan, which
ship struck the first blow and did more
fighting than any other vessel in the
Japanese navy during that brief war.
In July, 1894, the British steamer Kow
shing and two others had been loaded
up with Chinese soldiers and stores and
started for Korea. When within sight
of destination the Kowshing was over
taken by the Naniva and signaled, "Re
main where you are or take the con
sequences." The British skipper, how
ever, was threatened with murder by
the Chinese, and when Captain Togo
of the Naniva found his order disobeyod
he warned the Europeans to leave he
ship and promptly discharged a tor
pedo against the Kowshing, sinking the
ship in half an hour and drowning most
o* the people. This and subsequent
events made Captain Togo a popular
hero' of Japan and gave him the title
of "The fighting admiral."
is to be noted that the increase in size
between the earlier built ships and the
latest is only 2017 tons, accompanied
by a corresponding increase in caliber
of heavy guns and greater coal capac
ity, the armor protection being rather
decreased. The ships are all fitted with
torpedo tubes, one in the bow, one in
the stern and two on each side.
GERMAN AND AMERICAN SHIPS.
The contrast between the ideas of
American and. German naval desists
as to what constitutes the most effi
cient battleships Is very marked. Our
ships have increased in 6ize since 1S95
from 11.540 tons to 16,000 tons and
speeds from 16 to 18 knots. None of
the ships have triple screws nor tor
pedo tubes, and while there has been
a slight Increase in the coal capacity
the paramount idea seems to have
been to put heavier armament, in the
ships. On the coasts of England and
France, where there is no lack of depth
of water, ships of 16.000 tons may be
safely navigated, but conditions are not
so favorable for Germany or the United
States, and has largely influenced ship
design in limiting the displacement and
draught. Much adverse criticism has
been made by the Board of Construc
tion on the law limiting the displace
ment of two of the new battleships to
13,000 tons, it being claimed that no
efficient vessel could be designed on so
small a tonnage. Yet Germany is build
ing six ships on this displacement to
have a speed of 18 knots, while in the
approved plans of our 13,000-ton battle
ships only 17 knots speed is provided
for.
The entire corps of chaplains In the
British navy is likely to be abolished,
as King Edward and the Admiralty
favor such a course. A gTeat outcry
has been raised against this decision,
but the advocates against the chap
lains believe that commaxiders of ves
pels can perform the duties and that
the objections against the corps, which
is now composed of members of the
established church of England only,
¦would be silenced. Divine service on
board ship is apt to be mechanically
viewed by the men, for they can hard
ly be expected to be in a devotional
frame of mind after the other Sunday
morning duties have been finished. The
crew is turned out at 5:30 and is kept
busy up to about 10:30, when the order
for "rig church" is given and the bell
tolled for five minutes, after which the
boatswain blows his whistle and hails
"Silence fore and aft." The improvised
church is above or below deck, accord
ing to the state of the weather, and
the commanding officer signals to the
chaplain to proceed. The sermons are
generally Fhort and the men enjoy the
singing of the hymns. When the bene
diction is pronounced the boatswain is
ordered to "pipe down" and church is
th*>n unrigged.
There are 122 chaplains on the active
list in the British navy, only two of
these being Roman Catholics. The
chaplains hold no military rank and
their pay, with certain alowances,
ranges from 51&00 to $2700, according to
length of service. The chaplain of the
fleet is the venerable Archdeacon Wil
liam Stuart Harris, who became a
chaplain in the navy in 1869; the two
next in seniority date from 1876. and
the rest date from 1S77 down to Octo
ber, 1902. The two Roman Catholic
chaplains, attached to the Devonport
and Portsmouth dockyards, have been
in the service since 1887 and 1893 re
ppectively. There are seventy-one re
tired chaplains, the oldest of which
Joined the navy in 1837.
The prejudice against water tube
boilers of any kind has finally been
overcome in the navies of Great Britain
and the United States. Its superiority
over the old box boilers has been es
tablished and reluctantly admitted and
it now remains simply to select the
best of the various types. The Belle
ville has been the subject of more un
favorable criticism than any other, not
withstanding that it has given satis
faction In the French and Russian
navies, and all sorts of dire results
were predicted when it was introduced
in the British navy. Protracted and
costly competitive trials were made In
which the Belleville came off badly,
but the Spartiate's successful voyage
of 25,000 miles practically demonstrated
the efficiency and economy of this par
ticular boiler, which was further em
phasized during the recent British
naval maneuvers. There were no break
downs in the X fleet of the twenty-one
Belleville boiWed ships in the race of
S00 miles at top speed. The Spartiate
Bteamed for ninety-six hours at a clip
of eighteen knots; the Europa, which
REDDING. Nov. 22. — Charles Doeb
ler. superintendent of the Brown Bear
mine at Deadwood, Trinity County,
and his wife had what they consider a
narrow escape this afternoon from
death by drowning. They came from
Deadwood, driving one horse. Be
tween Middle Creek station and Ked
ding they decided to follow the road
which parallels the river on low land.
The road was inundated deeper than
they believed. Twice the buggy was
floated and the horse was compelled to
swim. The baggage floated off" and it
looked as if the occupants of the bug
gy, who were wet to their waists, would
be drowned, but the horse was a strong
animal and managed to swim out.
Strong Horse All That Saves Two
Residents of Trinity County
From Drowning.
Germany has built and completed ten
battleships since 1894, five of which are
of the Friedrlch III class of 10,974 tons
and 17.5 knots speed. The second lot
of five, begun in 1899. are of the Wit-,
telsbach class, 11,614 tons and 18 knots
speed. A third fleet of six battleships
of 12.991 tons and 18 knots are In course
of construction, the two last of which
will be completed by 1907. All these
ships are fitted with triple screws. It
MINE SUPERINTENDENT
AND WIFE IN PERIL
The German battleship Mecklenburg,
of 11,614 tons, built at the Vulcan
Works, Stettin, has completed her
trials and is ready for service, the pe
riod of construction being three years
and five months. The contract called
for 13,600 horsepower, with 110 revolu
tions and a speed of IS Knots. The six
hours* trial gave 14.355 horsepower, with
109 revolutions, and 18 knots speed, with
a coal consumption of 1.7 pounds per
unit of horsepower. An endurance trial
of ninety-four and a half hours devel
oped an average speed of 16.42 knot3
and 9659 horsepower, with 96 revolu
tions, and during the remaining one
and a half hours of the ninety-six
hours the ship was driven at top speed,
making 18.1 knots. The third trial of
twenty-four hours at one-quarter pow
er under ordinary cruising speed gave
3168 horsepower and a coal consumption
of 1.55 pounds.
The boiler controversy in the United
States navy is not likely to be so cost
ly nor acrimonious as in Great Brit
ain. The Xiclausse boiler has had its
first inning, notwithstanding its al
leged deficiency when first tried on the
battleship Maine. In the recent trip
to Porto Rico the boilers gave no trou
ble whatever and came fully up to the
requirements. The boiler battle in our
navy is narrowed down between the
Babcock & Wilcox, the Niclausse and
the Thornycroft — all watertu.be. The
box boiler is no longer thought of, as
for naval purposes it is as obsolete as
the paddle wheel and the simple engines
of the seventies. The choice of boilers
lies between three types, each of which
claims certain exclusive advantages,
and the selection will probably be made
of the boiler in which simplicity and
efficiency predominates, leaving econ
omy of consumption as the least desid
eratum.
BOILERS IN OUR NAVY.
two years ago made such a discredit
able record of Inefficiency through bad
manipulation of her Belleville boilers,
made a good showing at the maneuvers,
and the armored cruiser Good Hope,
lying with Bteam sufficient for nine
knot9, raised the pressure in fifteen
minutes to start with and keep up a
speed of nineteen knots. This latter
performance is beyond doubt the most
important merit of the water tube boil
er and relegates the box boiler to the
scrap heap.
BATTLESHIP WETTIN*. ONE OF THE FORMIDABLE CRAFT OF GERMANY'S NEW NAVY. THE VESSEL'S
DISPLACEMENT IS 11.S00 TONS; HORSEPOWER, 14,000; SPEED, 18 KNOTS; ARMAMENT: 4 9.4-INCH GUNS, IS
6.S-INCH, 12 3.3-INCII, _ 1.4-INCH, 8 MACHINE. 5 TORPEDO TUBES, 2 OF THEM SUBMARINE.
' NAPA, Nov. 22.— A crew of fifteen
men in the employ of the new electric
railroad between Napa and Vallejo
andBenicia arrived in Napa from Val
lejo last night about il o'clock. : x
They went immediately to work 1 lay
ing ties and rails across the tracks of
the Southern Pacific on Soscol avenue
below the depot. The job was finished,
the track being laid several hundred
feet and then partly covered. The ob
ject of these nocturnal efforts was
probably to head off possible injunction
proceedings by the Southern Pacific
Company.-
This sudden move by the electric rail
way company has caused considerable
stir In Napa. Eight carloads of ties
amounting to 6000 have arrived at the
depot and are stored on or near Sos
col avenue, near the Palace Hotel.
Pleased With Annexation Idea.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Nov. 22.— United
States Senator Lodge's recent declara
tion respecting St. Pierre and Miquelon
becoming a part of the American re
public has excited great interest in St.
Pierre. That colony has had the worst
fishery season in its history, trade
there is depressed and the outlook is
gloomy. The people, are ready to wel
come any settlement of the fishery dis
pute that will insure them prosperity,
and the feeling in favor of annexation
to the United States finds much favor.
Tracks Crossed at Napa.for
Vallejo and Benicia
Line.
Electric Company Fears
Injunction by South
ern Pacific.
RAILS ARE LAID
IN EARLY HOURS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, NOyEMBER 23, 1903.
Advocates of the rlan Contend That the Commanders of the War
ships Can Perform the Necessary Duties, but Proposal Is Causing
Vigorous Protest on the Part of Sea Preachers and Their Friends
KING EDWARD AND THE ADMIRALTY MAY
ABOLISH CORPS OF NAVAL CHAPLAINS
9
There is only one test by which to
Judge of the efficiency of any article and
that is by Its ability to do that which it
is intended to do. Many hair vigors may
look nice and smell nice,' but the point is
— do they eradicate Dandruff and stop
falling hair? •
No, they do not, but Herpfcide does,
because it goes to the. root of the evil
and kills the germ that attacks the pa-
pilla from whence the hair gets its life.
Letters from prominent people every-
where are daily proving that Newbro's
Herpicide stands the "test of use.*'
It is a delightful dressing, clear, pure
and free from oil or grease-
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
THE REAL TEST
Of Herpicide Xa In Qivlnff It a Thorough
Trial. ¦¦£> .
ITEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
"There is no doubt that Postum was
the reason for this wonderful improve-
ment and I shall never go back to tea
/<>r coffee, but shall always stick to the
drink that brought me back to
health and strength." Name given by
Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
Wellviile."
"The state of my stomach was so bad
that *t became terribly inflamed and
finally resulted in a rupture. I had not
drank Postum very long before my lost
blood was restored and my stomach
was well and strong and I have now
been using: Postum for almost a year.
SVhen I got up from bed after my ill-
ness I weighed ninety-eight pounds,
and now my weight is 120.
Many doctors forbid their patients to
drink coffee, but the patients still drink
It on the Ely and thus spoil all the doc-
tor's efforts and keep themselves sick.
Sometimes the doctor makes sure that
the patient is not drinking coffee, and
there was a case of that kind in SL
Paul, where a business man said:
"Aftfr a very severe illness last winter
which almost caused my death the doc-
tor said Postum Food Coffee was the
only thins that I could drink and he
just made me quit coffee and drink
Postum. My Illness was caused by in-
digestion from the use of tea and cof-
fee.
Doctor Was Firm and Was Eight.
COULDN'T FOOL HIM
POSTUM CEBEAL.
AMUSEMENTS.
IfAijgFORNTTn
U\- TBEMENDOUS ijssl
I OVATION! Ur 11
Al I II t GREAT CAST.
C\\ T\ ESTHA WILLIAMS.
Vl-d-' JAMKS BROPHY.
fDH^^ JANE CORCORAN.
ROADS. and otbm -
Til SPECIAL MATINEE \fSBt
l| THANKSGIVINO. ff^
heatrDI
A Great Show Every Afternoon and Evening
in the Theater.
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
HAMAD BY AS IN THE ZOO!
IX)TS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS THANKSGIVING.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
JUDGE SEPTIMUS J. HANNA, C. S. D., of
Colorado Springs, Colo.,
A member of the Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of the First Church of Christ,
Scientist, in Boston, Mass.,
Will Give a LECTURE on
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE In the ALHAMBRA
THEATER MONDAY EVENING. NO-
VEMBER 23. at 8 o'clock.
The lecture Is free and all are cordially In-
vited.
PaiflfP DONT FAIL TO
taiaWV 8ce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
a fl n room, the EM P I RE
« UU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lTnHifl LOUIS XV PAR-
111 aim LOR^ and the LA .
U j. 1 DIES' WRITING
1 Hotels 1 room-
I DR PIERCES
GOUDEKI
MEDICAL. v
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOP,LIVER.LUMGS^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYF^ * C(\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ. DVIE3 g U). Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
, OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLI3,
418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PIUNTINQ.
L C. HUGnES, bh Sansome at.. S. F.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
S OALIFORNIA
I LIR1ITEO TO GHI0A60 |
j Laavts Mondays end Tharsdays
3 at 0:39 a. m., through In S days,
K with diner and all trappings. |
Other Santa Fa Trains :
o : ™ ?" I for Stockton. Freano, Baicersfield.
i'^S ~" f Merced, Hanford and VUalia.
o.uu p. m. 1
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Opfxcb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. r. Also ma Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NUBTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMFAlTSr.
Tlbnron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN FBAKCZSCO TO SAH SAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:0O. ir:0O a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
. Satftrdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 0:20. 11:30 v. ta.
SAN RAFAEL TC SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. ta.
Sat unlays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 y. rn. : ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
SanFr&nclsco.l Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) tlon. [ days.- [ Days.
7 :30 a 8 :C0 a 9:10 a 8.1Da
9:30 a ~ Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10p 5:0Op ¦ . 7:35 p .
7:30a : 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato, 1O:4O a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma fi:05p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and » 7:35 p
6:00 p Eanta Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
¦ • Windsor, •
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30p 3:30p Geys^vllle. 7:35p 6:20p
• Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland |10;40 a|10:20 a
3:30 .& [ 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlta. | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p[ Guernevllle. I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 9:10 aj 8:40 a
6:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at —— _________
3:3Op[ 3:3Op| Sebastopol. | ":35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa ROFa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Spring*; at Lytton for Lytton Springs ; at Gey-
eervllle for Skaggu Springs; at Cloverdale for
the I Geyaers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port aiid Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Vallty, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly'a
Buckiiell'*. b'anhedrin Height*, Hullvllle, Orr"«
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
West port. .Usal; at Willlta for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Shtrwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
ville. Cummings, Bell's Springs. Harris, -Ol-
een's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
¦ Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all • points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. . %
• H. C. WHITING. R.'X. RYAN,
Gen. lianager. ': Gen. Pass. .\gu 1
. AMUSEMENT!^
LAST 6 MIGHTS— LAST 3 MATINEES.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
Ev'g-s at 8 — Mats., "Wed.. Tliurs. and Sat. at 2.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young.
Music by Edgar Stillman Kelley.
Positively Last Performance of "BEN HTJR"
Next Saturday Night, November 28.
Special Matinee Thanksgiving 1 Bay.
Prices — $2, S1.50, $1, 75c and 50c.
" NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
Opening- of the Besrtilar Combination
Season. Por One Week Only*
The Famous Scenic Melodrama.
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Astounding 1 Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Dont Miss the Realistic and Marvelous
Niagara Palls Scene.
Bejfular Prices — 15o. 25c, 60c, 75o.
SEATS STOW OH SALE.
Regular Matinees— Sunday, Thursday
' and Saturday.
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY
I* CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
VIRGINIA HARNED
• In Plnero'a Masterpiece,
"IRIS"
This famous play ; has set all San Fran-
cisco talking.
Sunday Night, November 29 — German per-
formance by a strong cant. „__„
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL" (At the White
Hone Tavern).
Next Monday— Elaborate Production of
"WAY DOWN EAST."
TIV0USS5&
TO-NIGHT
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
IN THE OIiD HOME OP MUSIC AND
. . SONG. •
—IN AID OF THE—
VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Special Selection* from the Greatest or
the Grand Operas.
Alili THE ASTIST8 WHiIi APPEAR.
PRICES AS USUAL.
MATINEES EVERY WEDNESDAY. THURS-
DAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Annie Abbott; Armenis-Tito Quar-
tette; Mryant and Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen; Wright Hunt-
ington and Company; Three Zol-
ars; Serra and Bellarosa; The Brit-
tbns and Orpheum Motion Pictures,
Illustrating the Life of Napoleon.
Reserved Seats .. ... .25c|Balcony 10c
Box Seats a*nd Opera Chairs BOo
A T /^1 A f~I A T% Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR sSssj;
¦ -¦ General Manager.
"The "Alcaiar Is to San Franciscans what*
the Empire la to New Yorkers." — The News
Letter.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
Flrat Production in Stock,
A POOR &
RELATION H
Quaintly humorous, delightfully pathetlo.
peopled with little children and resounding
with nong.
: EXTRA MATINEE THANKSGIVINO.
Evgs.. 23c to 76c; Matinees. 16c to 50c.
; NEXT— The Romance of Russia,
"A BOTAI. PRISONEB."
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES THANKSGIVING, SATURDAY
AND SUNDAY.
The Immensely Successful Comedy Melodrama.
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
Vivid Pictures of Life in San Francisco's Ori-
ental Quarter!
' • Scenes on the "Barbary Coast."
The Police Raid on the Opium Dens!
Thrilling Incidents! Humor In Abundance!
DDirCC* Evenings .: 10c to BOc
rnlvEj.MatlnP'-K 1Oc . 1Cc . 25 °
Monday. November 30.
• - THE COUNTERFEITERS.
To-night Begins the Last Week of '
I RUBES AND ROSEsH
II The funny musical burlesque that was a
.. '.'Record Breaker."
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING DAY.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
.Next Monday Night — First time on any stage,
I-O-U.
r A marvelounly funny, new and original bur-
lesque. Strictly up to date.
Our "All Star" cast, including: Kolb and j
Dill. Barney Bernard, Winfleld Blake, Maude
Amber. ; Georgia O'Ramey. Ben T. Dillon.
First appearance of the ALTHEA TWIN'S
SISTER TEAM. Seats now on sale.
FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER. 29, at 3 p. m.
In
STEINWAY HMLL.
Another Piano .Recital will be given by Mr!
Perclval K. Van Ycrx ar the piano, with
the aid of
SOLOIST,. *
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at our
store any time before the recital.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Kearny and Sutter Bts., S. F.
Racing I^^^^Bacinj!
.... ,, *,^prr--+ . . ¦ °
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
•' ¦;/>:?-, Commencing- November 14. • *
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Sbtna.
Six or More Races Daily.
. Races commence at 2:18 p. m. sharp.
- For Bpeclal trains stopping at th« track take
6 P. Ferry, foot , of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoklnc ia
laat two cars. ;¦ which ar* reserved for ladlea
and their escorts.
¦- Returning-- trains . leave track at 4:15 aad
4:48 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H.WILLIAMS. President ,
. PERCY "W. TREAT. , Secretary.
IliilliopYear
AUCTION SALES
SALE EXTRAORDINARY
ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
32T SIXTH ST.
"WEDNESDAY, Nov. 25. at 11 a. m.
By oriier of Overland Freight and Tran«fer
Company 1 will sell 0 pairs o( condemned
Horses and Mares, weighing from l?00 to 1GC0
lbs. This Is a rare chanc? for farmer* and
those wanting gocxl work hor* 1 * and brood
mares at their own price. A!«o I will nell 1
Phaeton. 1 Coal Wagon. 1 Farm .Wagon. 10
Sets of Harness. Everything must be as rep-
resented or money refunded. Horses can b«
seen at cur stables any time before sale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£* *P £*
A LOT OF LARGE CHEAP Mi;LES AXI>
HORSES •will be sold at auction, along- with
6 large assortment of wagons, eurreys, buggies
and harness a\ 1140 Folsom st.. Tuesday, No-
vember 24. 11 a. m. . _
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAX FllANClSCO,
(Mata Line, foot of Marfcct Street )
iiATt — Fbom XovY>tu«b a. lv^a. — ab»itj_
"~7.00a V»c»TlUe. Winter*. Rumwy. 755?
( 7.00*. Benlcla. Sulsua. Elmlra ami 8»cr»-
memo 7.25>
7.30* Vallejo. Napa, Callstog*. SanU
Kosa, Martinez, San Itarnon B-Zof
7.30a Kllea. LlYermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockron J.2»r
8.00a ShMta Express — (Via l>avlji.
William* (for Harriett Spring*},
Willows. tKruto. lte<l Clu5.
Portland. Tacomt, Seattle 7-55F
8 00a DttTts. Woodland, Knlghtt Landing.
Marjtvllle, Oro»IIle 7-55*
8-30* Port Costa, Martinez. Anttocb,
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Uanua. M e n d a t a.
Armooa, JUnf.irJ. VI salt a.
Portervllle 4JZST
850 a PortCoaU Martinez. Tracy, Lath-
rop. Mou»«to. Merced. Fresno. .,
Gotbeu Junction. Uanford.
VUalla, Bakertfleld 4.5o»
8-30* Kllet, San Joae. I.lv ormore. Stock-
ton, (tMtlton). lone, Sacramento,
I'Ucerviiio, MarraTllle, Chlco.
Bed Bluff 423»
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown, So-
nora. Tuolnmne and Angela 4.25P
9 00a Atlantic Exprest—Ogden and Ea«. 11.25a
9 30a Richmond, Martlaez and War
Station* B59»
1000a The Oyerland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago 6.25*
1000a Vallejo 1225*
10.00a Loa Angelea Paseeoger — Port
Costa, Martinet, Byroa, Tracy.
Lasbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fremo. Uoihen Junc-
tion, Uanford. Lemoore, Vlaalla.
Bakertfleld. Loa Angelea i?2'
12.00k Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.2Sf
ti .00* Sacramento P.lter 8teamer» til .00*
3-30P Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Wcodlaad. Knights Liindlng.
MaryiTllle, Oro?lll« and way
nation*
3.30* Haywan!.JII!ea and Way Station*.. 7-55F
3.30r Port Coita, Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. M o d e a t o.
Merced. Presao and Way Sta-
tions beyond port Costa 12-25*
1.30* Martlnei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1025a
400r Martlnez.SanRnmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callitoga. Santa Rosa 9 25a
4 OOp Nile*, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4.25?
430* Hayward. Klles, Inrlngton, San I ( 855»
Jose. Llvennore I til. 55a
B.00* The Owl Limited— Newm »n, Lo« •
Banoa, Mentloca, Fresno. Tulare, * : •
BakersOeld. Loa Angeles 3.55* .
6.G0r Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton 1225*
t5 30r Uayward. Nile* and San Jo*e 7.25a
6.00* Uayward, Nile* and San Jose. 9 55a
6.00* Eastern Express— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louts. Chicago and
Kast. Port Costa, Ili-ou-la. Hul-
sun, Elmlra, DutIs. Sacramento.
Roeklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trackee, Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca 5 25*
1.00* Vallejo, dally, ? xcept Sunday — » 7 ss _
700* Vallejo, Sunday only f «<w
7.00* Klchmond, Saa Pabio. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11 .25a
8.C5* Oregon * California Express — Sao-
ramento, Marysrlile, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-55 a
9.10* Hayward, Klles and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayonly) . 11554
COAST LINE (Harrow Gauge;.
(Foot or Market Street.) _^
8.15a Newark, Centervillo. San Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crax and Way Stations 5.53'
t2.16* Kewark. CenterTllle. Ban Joae,
New Almaden, Los Gaton. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations tlO 55*
4.16* B ew ark, San Jose, LoaOatos aud) 13.53*
way station* li13 55*.
<9 30* Hnnters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stattons. Retnrn-
Ing from Los Gatos Sunday on.'r. J7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t 'I! AN ClaCO. Fuui of Market St. <Sltp-t>
— 17:15 9:00 U:0Ua.x. 1.00 300 5.15 P.M.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0U *3:Q>
tS:05 30:08 a.m. 1200 200 400 *¦*¦
COAST LINE (Broad Ua.ge).
¦ |#~ (Third and Tovrmend Streets.)
6-10a San Jose and Way Stations. 8.30*
7.00a San Jo»e and Way Stattons ... 6. 38*
800a New Almaden (Tnes.. 1 rid., only). 4.1&F
8 GO a Coast Line Limited — Stops only San
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
lliter), Pajaro. Cattrorllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Eanta Margarlti. San Luis oblipo.
Principal stattons thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Aogelea. Connec-
tion at CaatroTllle to and from
Monterey and Paclfle GroTe 10 43»
t.CC* San Jose. Tres Plaos, Capitols,
6antaCroz,Paclflc GroTe.Saltnas,
Saa Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Stattons 4-1O
10.30a San Jote and Way Station* • 1.207
1130a Santa Clara, Ean Jose. Los Gato*
and "Way Stations 7.30 .
130* San Jose and TVay Stations 8.35a
34J0* Pacific Grore Express— SaataClara
San Jost\ Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connecta at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
•t Gllroy for Holllster, Trea
Plnos. at Castrovllle forSallnaa. 12.15*
3-30* Tres Plnos Way Passenger 910.45a
14 4br San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Lo*
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) *9-12*
{6.30* SanJoseandPrtnclpalWayStattoos tS.COA
S.COr Snnset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie, Gllroy. Salinas, Pmo Roblea,
Saa Luis OoUpo, Santa Barbara,
Los ABEeles. Demlng. SI Paso,
New OTleans. New York. Con- .
necta at Pajaro for Saata Cruz
aad at CastrsvtllA for Pacific
Grove and Way Stations 7-1t*
t6>15* EaaMateo,Beretford,l)elmont.Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. PalaAlto t8-43*
6.Z0* SaaJoie aad Way Stations. 6.38a
11 .30* South San Franclaco, Mill brae. Bcr-
'"¦:t • Ilngame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
£aa Carlo*. Redwood. Fair OakJ,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 943*
oil. 30* Mayneld. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and --.
San Jose t9-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
1 Sunday ooly.
< Stops at all station* on Sunday.
1 Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
kVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. ionttitxraod
are6:10 *.M..*:00A.ai., 11:80 a.m.,3:S0*.x. and 6:S0*.x.
TQ $AN RAFAEL
ROSSVALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADEROi ETC.
via Sansalito Percy.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electrtc—
Depart from San P»ncl»«> Dally-T:% 8 .00.
9:<A>. 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12j20. » = **. 1 5. •»•!».
m.. 12:20, 1:45. 2:55. S:4j, 4:43, -i45, 6.43.
8: FROM W MlLL m VALLEY TO SAM _ FRAN-
ncro— Daily— 5'«. "«:35. T:32. »:55. 9:53.
StKTa! 2:00. 3:13. 4.05. o:0S. 6:0fi.
7 03 8:00 10:33 p. rn.
¦*' ' P THROUGH TRAINS.
8 - 0O a rn daily— Cazadero and wa7 stations.
6:15 p! m. week days (Saturdays exceptcd>—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
Sandays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and way
stations. * : -'<:'
TICKET OFFICE— 828 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Sjisalita firry Arrive
San Frandsco footer Xarktt St SanFrandaco
Week Sun- Son- Ween
Days. days days Days.
•19:83 A* 3: OO a f&SSS&im VHO&r 10:40J
*l:45r 9:OOa WKStWfiHef l:33r*:5t>r
5:15* 1O:OOa Vr>£^riXf 8:50p .-.:5Oi»
ll:O0 A \£3SkK^ 4:.->Op »:5O*
< *Camct Tita stag* fcr ** ftya ana wflhw 0m»
nciXT I 626 Mabxkt ST,(North Shore Railroad)
MflJIS } and Sausaltto Faaav. Fool Market Sc
AA/. T. HESS.
Votary Public and Attorney-at-Ia»w. •
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claua SpreckeU btdg.
Telephons Main WS3.
Uealder.ce 821 California St.. below PowtU.
Residence Telephone Jamea ISO]*
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th* yHf? SZttZZu*
Signature of i^t^/Z/'S^CcA^
k| A/\ PER CENT, \Z\
Q &*\J DlSCOUNT^l
H Framed PicturesD
raj Priced at $4.00 and Over. fjA
M SOMETHING GOOD y
y AT LITTLE COST W
JJa Siaoonnt Will Bs Allowed|*\j
Vya During" This Week %. 1
H GALLAGHER BROS. 8
PQ 27 GKANT AVE. |p]
&^^ I IM CTA MT^ :tJ- AND
bsSm ***m| I5& Em ffit )&£] E*H l&Slfi
Pjttff RE9&M ficfl mfi t£? P**l Rm4 »ttM
w^mvr ¦HiBa j£v3 mjr fiftfl '
No more wakeful nights if you
give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mcllin's Food babies sleco
well. f
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
BEERS '
Famous the - World
Over-^FullStMaturecl*
\fQld Evtrstohere} I
" . HILUEitT lttfc,*u.AivriL,ii"CO ,
; / : Paclttc Coast Atents.
j/ A
pHIRTSl
B ARE THE BEST S
i AT THE PRICE. B
IJ'CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. HTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOYBMBER 23, 1903.
10
The bull and the man had a soul-stirring time,
But the latter's In safety because he could climb.
And now from the height, where he's perched on the limb.
Looks In rage on the beast and no doubt swears at him.
In a business way If you safety would seek,
And would stop any gap whence your profits may leak
By securing good help, give The Call a Want Ad.
For 'tis thus all will say* the best help may be had.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE — Con.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands on
skirts and Jackets to start to work Monday
morning at 9 o'clock. Apply at HALE
BROS.'
OLD established business house wants a good
traveler: woman preferred: references and
security required. Box 4704. Call office..
WANTED— A maid fcr elderly lady. . Apply
2744 Steiner st. on Monday or Tuesday, be-
tween 12 and 3 p. m.
GIRLS experienced at labeling; steady work;
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
FACIAL end manicure artist: state experience
and wages expected. Box 850. Call. Oakland.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett Instructor, 502 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received .at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WASTED MALE.
M : U^R^Y rJ & J> READYT 6S4-636 Clay Vt T~"
Pbone Main SS48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave . 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
, ARIZONA.
\ ARIZONA.
OREGON. \ NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.,
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs.
teamsters, hammersmen. \
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 f d. ;
milkers, $30 to* $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
365 woodenoppers.
2S7 tiemakere.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city . and country. $30 to $70 and
found: waiters, city and country. $23 to $43
and found; butchers, different Jobs. $40, $9Or»
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay et
CABINETMAKER. $3 00 DAY.
Planerman, lumber company, $75 found.
HEAD DONKEY MAN. WOODS, SOUTH.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter, $3
day.
2 coat makers, $3 per coat. •
Married- farmer, $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting, $5. -
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, north, $63
and found.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Married waiter and chambermaid, hotel, fare
$1. $50 and found.
Man and wife, man as section hand, wife as
cook, few men, $1 60 day, $30 per month for
woman.
2 plumbers, north. 3 months' Job, $3 50 day.
2 bench hands, planing mill, Palo Alto,
$3 50 day.
Driver, lieht delivery wagon, $9 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ENGINEER and handyman. $35 and found.
Bartender, city; $15 week.
Blacksmith helper, wagon, city sfiop, $1 73.
6 boys, city shop, $5 week.
FOREMAN
For orchard, to start $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush st 642 Clay *t.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Baker, large hotel, Honolulu $60
Butcher, large country hotel $73
Porter, country hotel $30
Masseur and wife, springs $60
Masseur, springs $30
Laundryman, Institution $40
I'resser, large country hotel laundry.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ranch blacksmith, $35; woodchoppers, see
boss here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AN errand boy for this office. C R. HANSEN
& CO.. 429 Bustt st.
HELP WAN T , E 7^^ M j A^— c " ™ 5* » ° * ¦* •
PACIFIC^ EMP^aHlE??r~AGENCT! ~~~~~
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520
Phone Main 1191. Cor. LeldesdortT st
CHICK> — BUTTE CO.— HALF FARE— WH
SHIP TO-NIGHT— TO CIIICO.
30 2 and 4 horse teamsters. $2 C5 and $2 SO
day. HALF FARE.
COAL MIXERS. NEW MEXICO.
3 farmers. $20 and found; plow teamster,
San Mateo County. $30 and found: 2 milk-
ers south $30 and found: 3 wood choppers.
$1 50 cord", eoutb; 5 laborers, north. $2 25
day; 3 laborers. *2 25 day. cheap fare; so-
licitors city; waiter, city; 3 ranches to lease,
bosses here: buckman, mine. $00; SO tie-
maker*, north, tools advanced.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night: reading roonv*;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Chuich sta.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoee half soled while watting: 23c
to 5Cc. S.63 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND \VAGON9.
A FINE chance; horse and express wagon:
everything complete; established business; nr>
competition; good living; good reason for
selling; cheap. E. J. YATES. S. Berkeley.
A LOT of cheap horses, mules, wasrons. . sur-
rtes, buggies, carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday. November 24, 11 a. m.,
at 1140 Poleom st. -
2 BIG ranch mares, $100; wagon, $25: cart.
$12 50; horse, $25; buggy. $12 50. 79 City
Hall ave.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st. San Francisco.
NEARLY new hack, coupe and phaeton.
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and gocart for sale cheap. K;2 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2- hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.driving horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let : send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
' this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 213-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
HOUSED 1305 Waller st; 0 rooms, bath and
billiard-room; modern; rent $50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let BALDWIN A HOWELL, 25 Post st
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house. 12 rooms, Cal-
Ifornla. nr Pierce. Apply 37 Columbian bid?.
LOST AND FOU.ND.
~~~ LOST. —
At football grounds, or between there and Junc-
tion oC Market and Taylor sts., a gentle-
man's purse containing money and large dia-
mond ring, 1 diamond shirt stud, 1 plain gold
ring. etc. Finder oleajo return to S29 San-
some st. and receive $400 reward. Including
money in aurse. -
LOST — Diamond screw pin. on Market st. Sat-
urday night. Finder please return ta
CHARLES NEWMAN, Russ House, and re-
ceive reward.
LOST — Colll* pup male, about 3 months old;
white on breast; no collar on. Return u
707 Ashbury St.: tel. Park 323.
LOST— Fox terrier; female; last year's license;
reward. Blackhawk Stables, 10C9 Valencia
st Tel. Mission 15.
i MAN to make Ice cream for nice place, coun-
try. $18 week; fruit farmer and wife, $45
and found and share of poultry; boy to learn
blacksmith trade; errand boy, $3 week; oyster
man. $40 and board; porter and choreraan.
$20 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st— Cook, $50;
man and wife, ranch, country. $40; waiter
$10 50 week; dishwasher, $25; bedmaker, $23;
indoor servant. $30; middle-aged man to run
elevator, $25, etc.
WANTED*-For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habit*, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rialto building. New Mont,
gomery Ft.. San Francisco, or Masonic bulld-
Ing. Sacramento. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 5#. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. Mdg.. 5 doors from Market.
BARBER shop for sale; first class; best loca-
tion in Oakland. Cal. BECKEL & PRESH-
ER, Oakland Barber Supply House, 367
Twelfth st.
BARBERS wanted, to have shears ground;
price reduced to 15c; first-class work guar-
anteed. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10C Ellis st.
BARBER trade taught in one month; new
method. Address W. C. B... 647 Commercial
St.. S. F.. or rm. 24. 206% S. Broadway, L.A.
TRY our men's rhoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shots at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn florist business. C.
COHEN. 306 Sutter St.
BARBER wanted evenings and Sunday morn-
lng; steady. Box 4*52, Call office.
WANTED — Steady waiter. Apply Troy Hotel
500 Twentieth St., Potrero.
CANVASSERS wanted; permanent employment.
Room 9. St. Elmo. 508^ 15th St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Physician with $100 to tafte finest
location near this city. 1170 Market, r. 11.
BOY about 18 to drive butcher wagon. 1303
Buchanan st. ; call early.
DISHWASHER wanted at 331 Bay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions fur-
nished. Apply 611 Commercial st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; snap 1«
Polk st
WANTED — First-class drees goods salesman
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED— Thoroughly competent fancy goods
and notion man. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ?*
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 23c, 80c
and 60c while you wait at 663 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st.?
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33*
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, oa land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. Pan Francisco. Cal, and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Bright married man from 25 to 30
years of age; one possessing executive ability
and capable of managing other men; prefer
some one familiar with dry goods; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box
4515. Call office. %
WANTED — Active advertising and Insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Its own
merit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m..
suite 19. Columbian bldg. 916 Market st
WANTED — By wholesale grocery house, bright
young man to start as office boy; good
chances for advancement; references re-'
quired: apply In own handwriting. Bex 4567
Call office. , /
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; cne who
can do forwarding and finishing - en full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL tt CO.,
741 Market st.
WANTED — A flrst-class finisher and polisher;
only those with good references and sober
need apply. Jackson Furniture Co., 023
Twelfth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 19 years: height.
6 feet 4 Inches and over, to join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St.. any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions: catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System College. £33
' Clay st. ¦ " --%
'WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night!
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Elils st : 14
years' practice; references from thousands o£
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st. -.
DYER and cleaner. 1191 Howard st.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drnmm st.
BOY to learn harness trade; one with some ex-
perience. 2310 Pine st - I
MEN to learn tarber trade: catalogue mailed. .
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard tt. j
PENSION atty. E. A. BulUa. room 40 PheUn
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas PostO.A.R. '
McDONALD A PSRRT have a large stock o£ I
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d «t. '.
LOST— Brindle and white bulldog; tag No.
4433. Return to MIS3 JOHANNSSN. 429^
Oak St.. and receive reward.
FOUND — Bicycle. Inquire 723 Laurel ave.
LOST — Scarf pin. 8 pearls, small diamond la
center. Return 210 Market st. Reward.
LOST — Draft and two checks payable Ramoa
Diaz. Return New Western Hotel: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch eases.
MEDICAL
MRS. DR. WYET1I. specialist for all f»m*lt
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 39
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. £R. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f»-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant r«-
llef gvaranjeed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. T>'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Nsss — Expert
in obstetrics, female complains 1 ; ir.st. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. EL Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 819 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish bats to select from; leas*
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: Mvt
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shtngles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented ¦ and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE H'CH'Y. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress, pants. $2 50. Origl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2.">S Keamy St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to neon.
A — $3 5<> DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3CO Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till t> p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 72x16 rTORIZONTAI. tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING-
CO., 151 Fremont St., San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
. sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
LADIES* gents' castoff clothing bought; old
gold, silver, etc. COLEMAN, 006 Keamy
St.; teL Green 842.
TRY 6Hir men's bhoes at $1 and $1 50 pa'ir:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express t
charges. 11 ",d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog- free.-
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S19
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
GASOLINE engines for Bale. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and Washington 8t3.. Oakland.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter.
type, fixtures : dolag good business. 2QS3. Call.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S*. 10 Sixth St.
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline encines; 2<l-hand: all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and eccond hand machinery of all klrc'.s.
KROGH MN'FG. CO.. 519 Market st.
MOVING pictures, ma^ic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Creek. 131 Tost St.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EC-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 10O Va'.lejo st.
SAFES — Now and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains;camp stools and «halr«: hammock.*.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission-
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movirsj
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 93.1 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slzea. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewr'.ers: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg y-
A WEEK'S new* for 5 centa — The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p* r y gar -
MISCELLANEOCS WA.VT9j___
WANTED — Second-hand music box. In S"°d or *
d«r; state Drtce. ;::>m Twenty- fifth st.
BOOKS and libraries bousht It G HOLMHS,.
1143 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal ||t
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of ca.«t-orr^
clothing; send postal. MORKIS. S7i> Fcteom. -
TILTON wants good second-hand" clothing ami
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jessie ZSQl.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send poetsJ.
23 Stockton st.; phone Bush 4S4.
LODGINGnOUSESFOR^SjATiEj--Cj9n.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and flrst-class patron-
age. Bee R. G. WILTCE, 20& Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dltlcn; rent $35; cheap. $900; large list of
houses, 8 to 2G0 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrltln!; and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 88 1.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Mon.: sittings dally. 34 6th st.
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. -70C Polk st,
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1002 Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4; seancea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
~ PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist E.ver in San Francisco. :
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact, I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in lovo.marriage.dl-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. "
S20— O'Farrell st. — 326. Readings 91.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; sha reads your life. correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45«9.
A _T^l-V-O-R-N-O. ~"
L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 KEARNY ST..
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Phone Black 2433.
Three questions by mail, $1. Send month
and year of birth.
Captain Slgsbee of the Maine- says: "Mme.
Ltvorno's reading of my hand was remarkably
clever." See portrait of Livorno and original
testimonials at entrance. ¦ . •
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st.,. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
in. to 5 p.m.; readings by mail as' satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-l'arEo nioney order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted cialr. & palm.,
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial succets; names;
L.. COc; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mafon, room 1,
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names given; 25c anQ 50c. 655B Minna St.,
below Eighth.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th et., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c: readings dally. 1G2 Sixth st,
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents 50c. 1)51 Mission st.. nr. tith; open Sun.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. AVERY. clairvoyant card reader, 940
Howard st. ; ladles only; 25c; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26V4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c. 50c. 520 Jones st. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SIIAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 4i$\j, Jessie et., bet.' 6th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
g^^J^g^^JBEATriN iO AXD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become dirgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. "South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Propo.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-boating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone- East 126.
# COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections • made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5566.
caspiT ctjOthubs. [
C. F. ADAMS CO. ' ~"™
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family front hats to
choes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mawcn nt.
_J CUBES BTTPTUBB.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. DO4-5-6 Callaghan bldgTT^Iarket
and McAllister st5.. uses 'the Basford Obtun.
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-,
ing. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth SI 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking Sc Millinery School —
Patterns cut to mcasure;eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S^^mjsTN^SS COLLEGE, 24 POST, ¥.'
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a 'horough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALDTORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
tot the university, law and medical colleges ;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions.. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School - of Acting, ths
foremost- institution of the -kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Native
Eons' bldg., ; 414 Mason et. . . :¦ : ¦
A— SAN - FRANCISCO Business 'College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, i progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING' Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard - st., | nr.
; Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech...sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day.' ev. ; est.- 1864/ Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
St., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SOPRANO lust from the East wants church
position: good' reader. Box 4562,- Call.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 810 Geary st. ; call 2 to 6. ¦
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. Day. and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. . . . Night c!ass.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or ere. $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America, — The Weekly
Call." 16 pages, sent to any address ' in - the
United States or, Canada one year for $1. •¦ .
EMPLOVSIEPTT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et. ; tel. Bush 125 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLO YMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
is willing; guarantees satisfaction; carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine laundress; $1 25
day. 174 Fourth st., room 10; car fare.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
do laundry work by the day, or house clean-
ing. Call 114 Natoma st^
AN American woman wishes to take charge
of a rooming-house ¦ or keep house for wid-
ower; no objection to cook for hired men.
MRS. H. COOK. 124 Eleventh St., city.
A YOUNG lady, educated, of good family,
, wishing to have her expenses paid East,
will . go as lady's companion, nurse or in
almost any capacity. Box 4558, Call.'
YOUNG lady who has had training in a sani-
tarium would like to care for Invalid lady or ¦
gentleman. Address "A," Call office, San
Jose. Cal. _^_^^
EXPERIENCED German nursery governess de-
sires situation with children over 4 years of
age; best references. Box 853, Call, Oakland.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework; wage» from $25 to $30. i Apply
, Park Hotel, Alameda.
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady as house-
keeper; excellent cook. 1722 Market St.;
phone South 930. -
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper for a Email family. Ap-
ply or address Mrs. V. P.,. 1059 Pacific st.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a situation
to do light housework and plain cooking.
Box 4583. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan *¦ Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call office.''
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires eteady
position. Address New Atlantic Hotel, 207
Montgomery ave., room 69.
WANTED — A position as etatlonary or hoist-
ing engineer; no objection to Nevada or Ari-
zona. Address J. M. C. box 4754, Call.
BARBER, young man.-wlshes position even-
ings and Sundays. Address box 4755.
FIRST-CLASS Installment houses— For your
domestic dry goods department, experienced
salesman in linens, curtains, blankets, eta ;
excellent stock keeper; first-class references.
Box 4757, Call office. . ,
ENGINEER'S position wanted, city or coun-
try, by an experienced engineer and machin-
ist noldlng a U. S. Inspector's license; ref-
erence. Address Engineer, 204 San Jose ave.,
city.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dlnavlan on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call office. ' , ¦
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance, 7
FLATS TO LET. ; .
*C
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
troubre. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
! St.. on the square.
TWO beautiful modern flats. Just completed;
all the very latest Improvements; northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts.; 8
rooms and bath each; every room sunny;
grand marine view; swell location; walking
¦ distance from town; rent reasonable; open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department: let us give
- you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
. COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
ELLIS, 824— Sunny. 5 rooms; Just finished;
electricity for light and power; $45.
HAYWARD. 2, off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny upper flat, 4 rooms; rent $11.
WALLER. 1303%. near Masonic ave. — Modern
. 9- room flat: rent $35. ' *
S LARGE rooms to let at C65 Hampshire st.;
$13; no children.
$7— LOWER flat. 726% Harrison st., between
Third and Fourth.
PLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
MISSION, 1148 — Elegant front flat: 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; piano If desired.
FLATS FOR SALE FURXISIIED.
ELLIS, 421 A— Newly furnished flat. 5 rooms
and bath: reasonable.
FOR SALE — Departure sacrifice; 7-room flat,
nicely furnished. 906 Jones et.
FINANCIAL..
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
•floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
TAOUL MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON, mani-
curing parlors, 764 Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOME rare old easy chairs and bedstead; rose-
wood and mahogany. 2231 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer, 1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HAI» PBESSiyQ.^
YOUNG -woman wishes few engagements for
shampooing 1 , manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. -.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for American
family. $30; ' a good second girl for small
family, $25; a cook for an Institution In city.
$35; a girl to assist the cook in a small In-
stitution, $25; a chambermaid to assist wait-
Ing In the same place. $25; a cook for small
sanitarium in Oakland. $30; a French gover-
ness for one child, $30; a waitress for a
German family. $30; a young second girl for
v pma!l Jewish family, $25; 20 housework girls
years experience, is desirous of accepting po-
sition as traveling salesman with mercantile
house; good references. Box 4520, Call.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or as assist-
ant by young man of 5 years' experience;
quick, accurate and good penman: can give
best of references. Box 4554, Call office.
EXPERIENCED and willing young man wants
position in wholesale house as salesman or
, assistant bookkeeper; good references. Box
4531. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundry distributer desires
position in city: 0 years* experience, some
experience In marking room. Address box
4552, Call office.
Al CLOTHING and gents' furnishing goods
salesman, capable of taking full charge of
either department; 20 years' experience;
country preferred. Box 4762, Call office.
POSITION by experienced salesman from the
East; desires to locate here; has handled
cutlery and- grocers' specialties. Box 4517.
Call office.
BARKEEPER, well recommended, flrst-class
mixer, New York and San Francisco experl-
/•ence, wants position; city or country. Box
' 4557. Call. _^ ¦
A RELIABLE young man, 22 years of age,
would like position in electrical line; has had
considerable experience. Box 4565, Call office.
WANTED — By a flrst-class mechanic, painting,
paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract: all tools • furnished. R. D. MAR-
SH ALL. 429 DouglaBS st.
GOOD piano player as bartender, with few
hundred dollars, wishes a position In saloon
business In country town. Box 4513. Call.
YOUNG man, German,' clerk and typewriter,
. best references, wlshe? position. L. MZL,
box 4761. Call office. .-. ..-
A TEMPERATE colored • man ,. would like to
obtain a position as janitor or porter; best
of references. -Address box 4500, Call office.'
AN elderly man, reliable, ¦ good .' references,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER, room 110, . Winchester House.
EXPERIENCED gardener, , best - references,
wants steady position in city or near by. Box
4533. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position with reliable
house where he may advance; 3 years' office
experience; best references. Box 4526; Call.
WILLING young man, 10,' and fine penman, de-
sires, position In office or wholesale house.
Box 45'iO. Call, of flee.
A YOUNG man would like to work in an auto-
mobile shop to learn the business. -Box 4578,
Call office. ¦• ¦ . - ¦ ¦
WANTED — By experienced retail grocery man,
a few hairs', work dally;, cigar, stand, pre-
f erred. Address box 4593. Call office.
A" PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work;- has -all tools.' 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.- -.--.. '. ' ', ¦
TO. publishers— Practical printer and Journalist
wishes management of publication. B., ?65
Market st . .. , . V '. ,.
YOUNG German (24), Industrious, willing to
: do anything, wishes position. Box 456*. Call.
STUDENT wants position in dental laboratory;
has had 1 year's experience. :Box 4532, Call.
YOUNG :: Japanese boy v wishes situation aa
schoolboy or half day. work. M. NONAKA,
807, Polk St.. . ¦ . . -
ADVERTISEMENTS.", subscriptions received at
Call Branch of floe. cor. Duncan & Church sta,
ior cuy ana country, «xv to *.ju. ju.is»
V PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A— CHAMBERMAID, also . kitchen maid, In-
stitution. $25 each; second girl, $25; cook,
$35; cook, sanitarium, $35; houseglrl, $30.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NURSE. 2 grown children, 5 and 8 years, lit-
tle sewing, little housework, $20; waitress
and parlor maid, Broadway, $3Crj 5 second
girls for best city homes, $25; 8 general
housewcrk girls, fine homes, $25 to $30; gen-
eral housework, Sausalito, good place, $25;
for Alameda, see. lady here, plain cook, lit-
tle housework, wash flannels, $30.
¦ " THE DOMESTIC CLUB, ¦
36 Union Square building. 233 Geary st., cor-
ner of Stockton; phoffe Bush 654.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $S to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed- at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc-, guaranteed at $10 per week up;
. day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn oil branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massacre, etc. 123A Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'B
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT 8T. AND 18TS
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' summer waists;
good pay; steady work. C56 Mission et., third
floor.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
' and coats. , G5G Mission st., third floor.-
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' and chll-
dren'B underwear. 0T>0 Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS wanted to take work home on
ladles' waist;. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
MIDDLE- AGED -German woman for house-
work in a small family; wages $12 1610
Larkin st. V] .
GERMAN girl for. a cook: also a girl for up-
stairs work. Call at 902 Eddy st, between
10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Call
after 10. 1813 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework.
821, Larkln St.. / _ .
BONBON, dipper. 538 Washington st. '
PROTESTANT girl for gen'l hous»w'k & cook-
lng; must be comp't; $30. 3524 20th." nr. Mis.
GIRL for general housework and plain cbok-
; ing. • 415 : Capp st., near Nineteenth. .
COMPETENT saleswoman. State experience
and references. Box 4518, Call office.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress wanted: good
.pay. (SI Clay st. ', ..;-
TALENTED ; amateur performers. • Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary, no object.
LADY presser. 1101 Howard st.
APPRENTICE for hair business it O. LED-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework*
German or Swedish »refem«. 186 Rqm ml
THEjyCALL
JGEir li. cpbt:ce£I.S. Proprietor.
Attitss CcEESLiinirincHs'EcliAUGHT, Katagjjr
W. J. MARTIN" Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
A ek fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With th« Department You Wish.
Pubtlcstion Of flee.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson .st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by MsJl. Including Postage (Cash Wlt>
Orfier):
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year.. $8. Of
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.0«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 73c
SUNDAY CALL, I Year 2.W>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
__,._,_„ f Daily. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
£2£??22 i Eundav.. 4. J 5 Per Year Extra
1-OSTAGJ5. 1 Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
«juested.
Mall eur.scribers in ordertcr change of ad-
<r»5s should be particular to fflve both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKXAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
K«8 Certpr Street ..Telephone North 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 1408 G Street. N. W.
N«W TORK NEWS STANDS:
Weldorf - Aftorta Hot-!: A. BrwUno »
rr.lon Squar.-: Murray Hill Hotel: Flfth-ave-
rue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co!, G J^
Northern Hotel; Tremont nouse: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNCSS...Marquette PnlMg.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2618. )
BCEXXESS ' OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cell, corner Market end Third streets: open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Morttromf-ry street, comer Clay; open un-
til :<:.'¦:•• p. m.
?»(> Hayes rtreet: open until J»:SO p. m.
<39 HrAIIlSter rtr«»*t; open until 9:30 p. m.
C;5 I.arkin Ftr<K=t: cpen until fl:30 p. m.
]M1 Million Ftre«t: open until 10 P- m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until s» p.m. . -
1PC. Eleventh Ftre*>t: open ur.t'l 9 p. m.
"OW Valencia street; ojwn until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner .Church and Duncan streets;
epen until U p. m. .
JCcrthwest corner of Twenty - second ana
Kentucky streets: or**n until 9 p. m.
22(m Fillrrrre Fti-p"t: or^n uitll 0 y. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
\o ltj K. T.. <;2."» Putter Ft.: — Special "fafff"
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 B3j
h o'clock. OrdPr of Temple. All fra-
ters are courteously invited. By order
cf the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal B
Arch Masons meets THIS EVEN-
1>'G. l>rgre«>s 5 and 8. /V\
11. G. PRI-NCE. Secretary.
PUS I NESS CH A K CC S~Con tinned.
R. G. WILKE. Re3l Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 26V& Kearny
St., rooms it and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE Ealoon and . restaurant on
the water front, close to Market st.: dally
receipts about $«5; business clearing $300 per
month; trial riven; a splendid offer; investi-
gate at onit. See R. G. WILKE, 20 &
Kearay st.
A — $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill miaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C»4
Kearny et. '
A — $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads in each room;
2V4 years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone pay
$70 per month and saloon doing a good busi-
nesa. See R. G. WILKJS. 26% Kearny st.
A— $360; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness la owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearnr et.
A— $1800; HALF interest In one. of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
sell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26'i Kearny et.
A— $1250: CORNER saloon on Fourth sU, close
to S. P. freight sheds: 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a rood paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 20 Vj Kearny st.
A — $SO0; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: llvlnjr rooms; value ia sight.
Call It. O. WILKE. 20V* Kearny st.
A— $2000; SAIX3ON on Kearny St., about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
i A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Pbelan building; a good paying business,
but roust be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick in hospital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 20H Kearny st.
A— $32T.0; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason stu. ; net rent $160; lease with priv-
ilege of 6 years more; value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $650; CIGAR stand on Montgomery St.: a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis St.; etock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar Etand on Third St.; stock
at Invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st..
stock at Invoice. Call P.. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny st.
A— $1250; COFFEE saloon on Geary st..srent
$ir>. R. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny St.
WHOLE or half interest in paloon; best of lo-
cations: J2500; no agents. Box 4753, Call.
A- THE RELIABLE AGENTS A
KREDO & CO. 766 MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS
BIG LIST AT OUR OFFICE
$850 — Corner saloon; good location: $25 daily.
$3000— Saloon elrg-antly fitted; $50 dally.
$5000— Hotel and bar. with real property.
A— $330; B. BAKERY end delicatessen; $10
dally; rent $17; 6 furn. rooms. Kredo & Co.
$620O^-ESTABLISHED bakery, near San Fran-
cisco: town 600t>; controls trade cf 4 towns;
receipts $4000 monthly; largo counter trade.
KREDO & CO.. 765 Market st.
$3500 — BOOK, stationery, music, toy, picture
and framing store; In best of Northern Cali-
fornia towns; good location; complete and
clean stock: established 6 years; sales last
December $1400; owner must sell because
rick; this is a good and honeet offer; best ref-
erences in S. F. Box 45'J7, Call office.
A^PARTNER WANTED. ~
A young man with 10 years' grocery expert-
OCCIDENTAL Lodpe No. 22, F. and A. »
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at vVf
7 :30 o'clock. Third degree. Master /V\
.Masons cordially invited. By onier of
the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9, F. and A. M. »
— Officers and members are requested
to assemble at the Masonic Temple /^r\
THIS (MONDAY) ftVEMXG at 7:30
o'clock, for the nuiptwe of paying a fraternal j
visit to Hermann l^odge No. 127. F. and A.
M. R. K. ALLAN. Secretary. ;
IvlNG SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 20<) f! a
and A, M.. 1839 Fillmore st.— Third "Vy
d'pree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING AA '
at 7:30 o'clock. i
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary. i
TEMPLAR Lodge No. 17. I. 5! I^ckZT"
O F.— Members will assemble .JQgaaBgifc.
in lodge room MONDAY at 3 1
o'clock fharp for the pcrpose of j
attending th» funeral of our late brother,
JOHN BEARCLIFF BP.OWN
J. It. MORRISON. R. S.
HERMANN Lodge 145. I. O. O. F. , r wgia» 4i .
—Members are requested to at- .-^_j^__' i .
-.*>r:<1 our next ifju'.sr rr;«>tlr.{:. s-«?C^»rsirJ
MONDAY. November 23. Ifiitia-
tion anij first nomination of ofneers. Visitors
cordially invited
DR. JOSEF ARDENYI. Noble Grand.
S. COHN. Secretary.
IIELGA Lodfre No. 3 of Dania — Officers and
memr.«-rs take notice — Our late brother. AN-
, DBEWJOBtfKNSEN died November 20. Will
l>e buried Tuesday, Novemljer 24, at 1 p. m..
irom Golden Gate Undertaking Parlor, 2473
Mission Et., n^ar Twenty-first.
P. PETF.itSEN, President.
J. F. SCHMIDT. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission navlng re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
er-ae from Omega Placer Mining Co., in
Omega Placer Mire, near Washington, Ne-
vada County, Cal., draining into Ecoteh-
Scotchmans Creek. which reaches Yuba
River; from W. H. ilurchie, in Murchie
Mine, r.ear Nevada City. Nevada County,
Cal.. draining into Deer Creek, which
reaches Yuba River; and from W. I. Wad-
lflgh. Sn Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Mme, near "Dutch Flat. Nevada County, Cal.,
draining into Stump Canyon, which reaches
Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will
be held at room &6, Flood building, £an
Francisco, Cal., Dec. 7. 1_5KK5, at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal.. draining lnt»
Pprtng Valley Ci-*ek. which reaches Feather
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
• t room 06, Flood building. San Francisco,
Cel.. November. 20. 1903. at 1 :30 p. m.
ATTORyE YS-AT-LA W.
wTIT^bittner] "~
attorney and counselor at law.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suit 322. Emma SpreckeZs building.
Diverts quietly and legally obtained for
«lgbt c&CF»c; dam&ces secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins- for procSerty un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
n. rr.it for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE. "
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW It COLLECTION AOENtTY
Able attorneys. Rm. 83. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how" small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized ; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C226. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small ree.
6ee roe and pave money; no pay In advance.
C. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E*ttblifrhed 22 rrr.; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 A 6, 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all mattery. Detectives employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice to Cl courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates,- bankruptcy, probate. *511
C11A. C11H Crosfley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sts.; tel. John 2323.
RPBT. W. KING, alty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Cll: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
tt;ac!:ir.otF. collections, etc., consultation
free; w advance charges; call or write;
«-v«-nlr.g* by appointment. TeL Red 3601.
f AD VICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, dlvorcfcs, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St., r. SI.
DIVORCE: — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; ©p*n evvnlnrs. 927 Market St., r. SOL,
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner balldlng. room 313.
L. B. CLARK, Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket et; cossu-Itatloa free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law buflreas. W. W. Dav^son. «27 Market.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
Kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, eeed
cages, etc Cive us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Mitrkft st.
DCSIXESS CI1AXCES.
A SAFE INVESTMENT! "
$1000 cash and services secures half Interest
in established Installment house; Investment
t-ecured and $.V) weekly assured.
GERMANIA. INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Epreckels building.
FOR BALE — A rood grocery business; cen-
trally located. For further information ap-
r?y to J. J. SCHUTZ, care Haas Bros.,
Han Francisco.
FOR SALE— A vcii estaoIUhed harness busi-
ness In the thriving city of Chlco. < For par-
ticulars call on L. D. FTONE & CO.. 417
Market nt.. cr. write to box 263. Chlco.
A— GHNKRAL MERCHANDISE ~~
KT'tRE FOR SALK; a nice clean stock in the
bert town !n California; Invoice about $4900;
k>w rent; long" lease.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market *t
JLN* old established wholesale produce coromis-
eioo business for ule; •^wr.er wlfhes to re-
- tire. Price reasonable. Box 4307. Call office.
ence in San Francisco desires to meet man or
woman who will invest $2000 in the business;
highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market et.
OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
near the city; account sickness; $6 a day in
work. Box 4521, Call office. y
FOR eal» — First-class well-e*tab. dressmaking
business; excellent location. Box 4766, Call.
$175 — WORTH double; store with eeeond-hand
furniture and other goods; good location.
KV4 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
A business man with $5000 cash can secure
interest in established business that will pay
him 100 jier cent on his investment; closest
investigation eolicited.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
WANTED — A man with $500 for half interest
in good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office.
$10,000 WILL buy half Interest Sole Agency
United States two Imported waters. Ad-,
dress box 4077. Call office.
STOCK and fixtures for sale cheap; delicates-
sen store. Box 45C6, Call.
A — MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Epreckels building.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 living rooms. Box
45,60, Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying paper and' laundry
route in country town, near city. Address
News Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business opportu-
nity that passes through our office roust stand
the closest investigation. *and we can place
you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, office or,
in fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.
Suit 221. Emma Spreckels building.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
(MARION GRIFFIN.)
(BUSINESS)
(IS)
(BOOMING.)
(Room 406. Examiner Building.)
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
40 rooms — $3000; furniture and building NEW
21 rooms and ¦ RESTAURANT— $1000; clears
$125.
85 rooms— $5000: rent $250; ELEGANT furni-
ture.
83 rooms — NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
1» rooms — $1250; APARTMENTS; rent $75;
clears $80.
80 rooms — NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
18 rooms— $900: SE. CORNER; clears $00.
43 rooms — $3000; one-third i down: rent $125;
Income $30S; 5-year lease; NEW house;
NEW furniture; price . reduced from
$4400; death the cause. .
16 rooms — $700; (rent $70; clears $61; 7 blocks
north: owner in HOSPITAL; must sell.
CO rooms — Si. "00 cash necessary; NEW house;
FINE furnishings; 7-year lease;
$300 month.
20 rooms — EXTRA fine; 20 select boarders:
corner; beautiful lawn; very fine; clears
$150 month.
SO rooms — High elass, BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished; GUARANTEED to v clear $C50
monthly.
200 rooms — APARTMENTS; clears $1000 per
month; SPLENDID, up to date house.
12 rooms — $500; rent $40: clears $40; north.
44 rooms— <450O; TRANSIENT; cleared $438 in
October; books open to bona fide buyer.
C E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT 78(1
« 1020 MARKET ST., OPP FIFTH.
SQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAR TITLES.
EASY TERMS.
10 rooms; clears $25; rent $20; a snap.. $200
14 rooms; clears $45; a good buy 600
60 rooms; transient; liquor license 2750
19 rooms; rent $50; housekeeping 550
42 rooms; apartment -house; Post st 3000
21 rooms; rent*$45; price only SOU
' 10 looms; rents $22 50 200
100 rooms; offices and country transient. 7500
SPECULATION — 17 rooms: clears $00; rent
$43; price $750: easy terms.
HINKLEY, 1020 Market st
MODERN — 18 rooms: electric lights; leaser
clears $80; transient; nicely furnished; easy
terms; see th!s. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Mrkt.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished CO- room modern
apartment-houoe: choice location; long lease;
nvollcst house of the size In the City.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st:
MONEY-MAKER— 60 rooms; transient: liquor
license; clears $500; 2 entrances; oak and
maple furniture; a-srlft at $2750.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
PARTIALLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Includ-
ed; rent only $23; amazingly low price, $223.
NEWLY furnished 14 rooms; rent $55; choice
location; larze yard; oak and mahogany. fur-
niture; clears $50. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market St.. opp. Fifth. .
BEST bargain in a large, dependable rooming-
house; very centrally located: 60 rooms and
all large, light and airy: furnished splendidly
and In most artistic taste; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
Is clearing $300 per month, guaranteed; price
$6000; electric elevator; hot and cold water;
modern Improvements; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business;
will nell or exchanee for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner building.
FOR sale— 4 flats of 11 rooms; also lodging-
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished; ex-
cellent climate; thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; Is paying 25 per cent on price asked*
owner must have money to meet business ob-
ligation, hence the sacrifice. Particulars
from ALEX. MURDOCH. 10 Chroniclo bide
San Francisco. .
SEE : ! :
TETLOW & DEACON.
Phono Folsom 2957.
JC23 Market st., between Cth and 7th,
For hotels, . rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city. i
! I T^^^^> (MONDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
O Time Timel - . Time Time
S. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a • H W L W H W L ,XV\
23 3:15 4.8 7:48 . 3.3 1:50 5.0 8:301 0.1
24 4:02 4.9 8:55 S.3 2:3* 4.5 9:13 O.4
25" 4:44 .4.9 10:08 3.2 8:33 4.2 8:37 0.8
28 0:25 4.9 11:20 2.9 4:39 3.9 10:451 1.1
27 j 6:07 6.1 12:20] 2.8 8:53 3.8 11:43 1.4
28 I «:47 fi.2 -1:111 2.0 7:0* 3.8 .....I.....
L W ' H W L W H Wl
20 0:34 1.6 7:24 : o.2j 1:50 1.8 8:14| 4.0
: NOTE— In the -above' exposition- of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive . tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column -fires the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes / occurs. The heights given are In
Sua rises v .>...... 6:3S
Sun sets .' ..j.... '4:54
Moon sets /.. 10:44 p. m.
."- NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tlda
Is the. same at both places. : ,
United States Coast aad Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High. and Low Waters'
¦ at Fort Point, entrance to Ban Francisco
- Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ' ''¦> . " ; - •'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 23.
XV. Kruger. Seattle & Tacoma, S pm Pier 20
G. Llndauer Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 2S
Centraila... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
F. l-essm Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
8. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... -4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wtllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Nevadan... Honolulu 12 m Pier 23
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor ..Pier —
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 20
November 24.
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
Pomona .... Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 3
O. W. Elder Astoria Sc Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 25.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier It
Gaelic China ft Japan ... 1 pm Pier 40
November 26.
Iaqua Humboldt [10 am|Pler 2
State of Cal San Diego A Way. 9 •mJPler tl
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. S pmfpier 20
November 27. I ' ¦
Nlcaria.... Hamburg A Way.. 3 pm Pier 18
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay pu r 16
Newburg... gray" J Iarb j J1 L, • • • • ,* pm Pier 10
Oueen . . . ; Pu«et Sound Ports, ll am Pier 9
w ' November 28. i
Pt Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 cm Pier 2
Ian Pedro. . Humboldt 4 gm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu tl am Pier 7
Sydney.. - «« 40
Tinnita. .... Newport A Way... 9 am Pier II
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. U am Pier 24
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
December 8.
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 am Pier 9
December 3. | J -
H. K. Maru China A Japan.... | I pm[Pler 40
;v,*:. ,1 - FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.^ i For. , Balls.
Dlrigo. . . ... . . Skagway & Way Ports. Nor. 24
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. Not. 27
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet A Way PtslDec. 1
Valencia. .... Skagway A~ Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pu|Dec. 7
addition to the sotradmgs of the United States
Coast Surrey charts, except when a minus ( — |
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given i* subtracted from the depth giTen by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tiM mean
of the lower low waters.
HONOLTILU — Arrived Not 21— Br stmr
Aorangl, trom Vancouver, and sailed for Syd
ney.
Salted Not 21— Schr Aloena. for Port Town
send. .
ISLAND PORT.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. November 23.
Etmr Pomona, Swansoo, 22 hours from Eu-
Arctic. Reloer. 33 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Premiss, Ahlstroxn. 0 hour* trom
Bowens Landing. £*>"
Stmr National City, Hammar, 19 hours from
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 49 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Centraila. Ericason. »T hours from
Grays Harbor: bound to Redondo; put In to
land passengers.
Bktn Fullerton, Brfgraaa, 15 days from
K!htl - SAILED.
Sunday, November 22.
Stmr Despatch. Levlnaon. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego. >
Stmr Grace Dollar. OUen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Denlson Landing.
Stmr Senator. Eagles, Eureka.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Hllo, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Albion.
Stmr Mandaiay, Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin. Tacoma.
Stmr Acme. Llndquist, Grays Harbor.
Schr Andy Mahoney, Anderson. Astoria.
telegraphic:
POINT LOBOS. Nov 22. 10 p to— Weather
thick; wind claim. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr Centennial,
for San Francisco: stmr Santa Ana, for Val
dcz. • • • ¦
Arrived Not 22 — Jap stmr RIojun Maru, from
Yokohama.
TATOOSH— Paused In Nor 22— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Nov 19: Br ship Pass of KU
liecrankle, from Liverpool, for Esquimau.
- Passed out Not 22-»-Stnir Aztec, for Hong
kong; ; stmr Centennial, for Sajn Francisco.
Beating in straits — Schr 0tlmaon. from
San Pedro: *chr Luson. from Redondo: schr
Resolute, henc* Not 18, for Fairhaven; bktn
J M Griffiths, from San Pedro, for Port Had
tock. • ' ' ¦¦¦ I
COOS BAY — Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Czarina,
hence Nor 20: schr San Buenaventura, from
San Pedro: schr Fanny Dutard. hence Not 13;
stmr Navarro, from Aatoria.
Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco. •
PORT TOWXSEND— ArrlTed Nor 22— 3hlp
James Drummond. from Honolulu; Or bark
Ecuador, from Cardiff.
Passed out Not 22 — Bark Coloma. for San
Diego; Br bark Battle Abbey, for Cape Town.
.passed In Not 22 — Bktn John C Meyer, from
San Pedro; schr Bans or. from San Diego.
TACOMA— Sailed Not 22— Br stmr Catenas,
for China, etc.
ASTORIA— Arrived Not 22— Stmr Auretla,
hence Not 19.
Sailed Nov 22^ — Schr 8 T Alexander, for
Port Jjom Angeles: schr Argus, for San Fran
cisco; sttrtr Aberdeen, for San Francisco: Br
ship Strathdon. for Queenstown; Nor ship
Almtdia. for Sydney.
VENTURA— Sailed; Nor 22— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco. •
PORT HARFORD^-SaJled Nor 23— Sttnr Al
cazar, for San Francisco. •
BEDONDO— Sailed Not 22— Stmr, Noyo. for
San Francisco: itmr Asuncion. ¦ from Ventura.
The steamer Senator took th« place of th«
Corona Saturday on the trip to Eureka. On
her last trip down the Corona encountered un
usually heavy weather which shook her up
considerably, so the company decided to give
her an overhauling and as the Senator had been
laid up for Bomc time they brought her Into
commission and let her take the Coronas
place. '-\ •
Senator Takes Corona's Place.
Steamer. From. I Dae.
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Not. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 23
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma ...... Nov. 23
Nlcaria Seattle Nov. 23
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 23
Chchalts San Pedro Nov. 23
Coronndo. ... San Pedro Nov. 23
Marlpo3A...... Tahiti Nov. 23
Queen ........ Puget ' Sound Ports Nov. 23 :
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 23 !
Iaqua Humboldt * Nov. 24 I
Centennial.... Seattle A Tacoma Nor. 24 :
Alameda . . . . . Honolulu Nov. 24 <
Aztec. Tacoma Nov. 23 !
II. K. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 23
ATUIanee Portland A Way Ports. Nov. 23
Lothian. ..... China & Japan Nov. 23
Corona Rumboldt Nov. 25
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor Nov. 25
Newport N. Y. via Panama Nov. 23
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 20
Santa Rosa.. . San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 24
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2tt
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 26
Hawaiian.... New York .......% Nov. 27
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 28
City I'uebla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 2s
Abydos.. Hamburg & Way Ports. Nov. 29 :
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30'
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia.... < Dec. 1
G. XV. Elder.. Portland A Astoria.... Dec. 1
City of Para. N. Y. via Panama IDec. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... |Dec. 3
Following are the reinsurance quotations:
German bark Thalia. 107 days from Iquiqua
for Europe. 85 per cent; British bark Flfeshlre.
107, days from Manila for New Caledonia. 43
per cent; French bark Paris, 107 days from
Hamburg for Honolulu. S3 per cent; British
bark Cadwgan. 110 days from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, for Algoa, Bay, 15 per cent; Norwegian
bark Charlonus. 140 days from Bunburg for
United Kingdom. 10 per- cent; British ship
Lindisfarne 83 days frtra Newcastle. Aus
tralia, for Antofogasta. 10 per cent.
Captain Brunlngs and his crew almost de
spaired saving the ship, but after a terrible,
•truggto they managed la right her. She was
14 days lr> making the Horn — that is. she wu
14 days from 50 S. In the Atlantic to 80 S.
In the Pacific. Th« remainder of the voyag»
was uneventful.
She brings a cargo of plglron and fire brick
to Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Pilot Mathieson brought the vessel Into port.
?
The Reinsurance List.
Captain Brunings reports a most tempest
uous voyage. He states that on August 20 In
latitude 25 S. and longitude 30 W, they en
countered a terrible «orm, which carried away
the mizen lower topgallant mast. Tb« deck*
were flooded with water, and were full up to
the rails. Sea after sea swept over the ship
and she labored heavily. On August 31 In
latitude 40 S. longitude 43 XV. she ran Into
a heavy southwest gale, which, before night.
Increased into a hurricane. A tremendous sea
was on at the time, which waa running moun
tains high, when suddenly a furious aquall
struck the Magdalene and threw her on her
beam - endtt. Before she righted n«n«lf
stanchions on the starboard side wer» carried
away. During the storm. Seaman John John-
Bon waa thrown against the bulwarks with
tremendous violence, and fcia left leg was
broken.
The German ship Magdalene arrived la part
late Saturday night. 1*7 days from Newcastle,
England.
Thrown v on Beam Ends.
In speaking of the trip the 'first of
ficer of the tug stated that the wind
blew a hurricane almost the whole way
down. No sooner had one storm sub
sided than another set in. In fact. It
was a succession of terrific gales dur
ing the whole voyage. They expected
at any moment that the heavy hawser
would part, and were prepared with a
second one of heavier dimensions In
case of emergency. This, however, they
did not need, and it remained lashed In
the stern of the tug as it was when
they left Astoria. The waves rolled
high and the Sea Rover was constantly
covered with flying spray from stem to
stern. The Two Brothers also got the
full benefit of the storm, and at times
was almost lost to view from her tow.
The passage was a very stormy one.
As the ship was off Tillamook Head
she ran into a heavy southeast gale,
which was followed by a succession of
other gales until she reached Point
Reyes. Then the storm subsided. The
slowest speed the tug made was two
knots an hour, and the fastest was
seven knots. The ship is now anchored
off Harrison-street wharf. ;r»
The ship Two Brothers arrived in
port yesterday afternoon, five and % a
half days from Astoria. " She came in
tow of the tuj: Sea Rover. When she
was loaded and ready to sail from As
toria it is reported that the crew of
fifteen refused to go on her, stating
that she was topheavy and in no con
dition with her deckload of lumber to
attempt to go to sea. No amount of
persuasion could force them out. so the
owners were compelled to seek the as
sistance of the tug Sea Rover, which
towed her down.
German. Ship Magdalena En
counters Terr fie
Slorm3.
Brings Ship Two Broth
ers' Into Port With
out Disaster.
TUG SEA ROVER
WINS HER FIGHT
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, NOVEMBER 23. 1903;
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
11
! _ ROOMS FOR JMOIISEKEEPISTG^
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde^ — Furnished 3-room nulls: $.10 up;
ftea\Q heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny bay-window room with
.kitchen; hath; gas; 2 single, together or
separate. - . ; • , :
GEARY, S7S — Sunny basement. 4 rooms;. com-
plete for housekeeping.
GEARY. 1525— Cottage, three furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas, running water, garden.
GEARY, 1033 — For adults; 4 connecting rooms,
bath, toilet, gas. coal stoves; all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4
rooms, furnlBhed; use of piano; conveniences
of entire flat; sunny and pleasant. ' • .
JONES. 390 — The Zola; newly furnished suites,
S & 4 rms; also single; water? steam heated.
LARKIN. S16B — > nicely, furnished front house-
keeping rooms;. running water; bath, phone.
MARKET. 1219— To let; 6 fooms. partly far-
nished: $12; rear; Upstairs; cheap. ,WIL-
LIAM BURNS. . • . . - •
MISSION. 1003— Elegant front suite, complete
for housekeeping; running water, gas, phone. |
MODEL HOUSE, 120C Stockton St.— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
OAK. 117— Sunny* suites; $8, J12 and $16; gas
range, hot bath; laundry; adults.
3 PARTLY furnished rooms; rent $12. In-
qulre grocery store, .corner 25th and Capp sts.
SEVENTEENTH, 3045, hear Castro— 3 beauti-
ful desirable unfur. rms; no children; reason.
SIXTEENTH. 3077. near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS" TO L^T^-jFjir^and Pnfwrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. *1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooms. 2f< 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
II 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; aleo unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason- Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1528—1 or 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms to let. '
ELLIS, C13 — Furnished"' sunny single rooms;
private family; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms BOc
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD. 1310 — Sunny double parlors and sin.
gl* room for gentlemen.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room[
$6 per month; for 3. $8. .
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny Bingle room.
NINTH. 119 (Gilesple) — Nicely furnished rooms,
$1 50 to f2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
OLIVE ave.. lie— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms.
PINE. 709. east of Powell — Elegant parlor
suite, running water, private bath; also other
100ms in elegant furnished new fiat; gentle-
men preferred.
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor
. or dentist; also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlng-rodm, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BUTTER, 1022 W. near Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlors, with outside kitchen. or laboratory
2 FURNISHED rooms to let; good for man
and wife; $9 month. Apply 202 Third. st.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to ?1 night;
$1 75 to $8 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. M9 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Sunny front basement
puite and kitchen; also two rear rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free'bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
Brooms a -^doard/
. h^te^b^ltimoreI
van ness ave.. near geary st.
american plan.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.*
MUNGER A ZEBERG. PROPRIBTOR8.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness,
eve., has changed . hands; hereafter conducted I
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
STUDENTS will find a «tood home and board
reasonable at 570 Harrison st., Rlncon Hill;
four blocks from the Palace Hotel.
! STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. -
FIRST, 323 — Room and board. $4 50 per wtek;
home cooking; house changed hands.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— A suite of rooms with board for
man and wife in a first-class hotel or board-
ing-house north of Market street, on or near
a car line; state rates. Address Box 4470,
Call office. . <
WANTED — Room and board In good hotel at
$30 per month -for a Kentleman; north of
Market 8t. and west of Taylor. Address box
45SO, Call otflce. ' '
RCO31S WAXTED.
2 OR 5 rooms for light housekeeping; within 6
or S blocks of Call building; no children.
Box 4504. Call office.
" TO IiET. £j
SHOEING, wagon and paint shop, 22x80. In-
quire in grocery, southwest corner Geary and
Broderick st*.
PROPOSALS. »
NOTICE* TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE Of THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 10. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this < f flee at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23. 1903, for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San Fra'n-
cl!>co. 'in accordance with the plans . and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board und adopted by the
Board August 27, 1903. aad on tile In this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a: stone seawall with end embankments
- and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end , embankment* will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain 3G.0CO square feet of wharf sur-
face.. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection . of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject- to decora-
' position nor disintegration by tha acUon of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The flrct class will include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment cf size;
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made. to etone larger than four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be free
of scams and marked lines of cleavage. 1
The second class will Include ctone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted aites.' but
no stone less than five pounds will be ' ac-
. cepted at the quarry. - • ; -, . . ,
The materials for the construction of . the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow fir piles .and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
. bolts, spikes, etc.- all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination. .
No bid will be received unless it is made
-on a blank form furnished from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the kid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary, cf the Board, as a guarantee <m the
port of the successful bidder that he will
• within six (6) days after the acceptance of"
the bid enter Into a written contract to do
eaid work, according to the plans and spec-
. ifloatlons prepared therefor, and will also
execute and flle with this Board a bond in
such sum -as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
* secretary or to the • assistant secretary »t
'the office of . the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23. 1903.. at which time and place^ha
, bid* will be (pened. - '
The Board reserves the. right to reject any or
¦ all . bids if deemed for the best interest of
<... the s State. v ...- ':¦"¦ --..•_• . - r ... ¦--¦ "'
Bidders are Invited to be present at the open-
lnr'of the bids.- #» ' , . *^
CHAS. H.'SPEAH,
JOHN- C. * KIRKPATRICK.
J. D., MACKENZIE. .'-:-.-,
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.'
"LOTT D. J NORTON." Chief .Engineer.--
! . ?,p-^JtP?'?:- "V--:\ ::; JOHN : M.;; TOY. ¦ Secretary. '¦¦ [
PROPOSALS — Bids ¦¦wanted. Notice Is hereby
River, that sealed proposals will be received
by the board, of directors, of the Veterans'
Home of California, at }ts office, room 13, 320
Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal.. up to 11
o'clock" a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1903 .an'd opened Immediately thereafter In the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary supplies,
etc for the Veterans' Home, Napa County.
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, 1004, and ending
' June 30, 1004. Schedules with Information
- and Instructions for submitting bids will be
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless It Is In accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
must be made on samples submitted. No bids
will be received from parties who are not
regular dealers In and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany hU bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 Der cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne ' treasurer, conditioned that the "bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law. I
The board reserves the right to reject any or !
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount sDeclfled. Address JOHN
F SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Dl-
re'ctorB of the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13, 320 Sonsome street, San Francisco,
Cal ¦
By order of the Board of Directors.
*J JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for manufacture of clothing.
36 New Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.,
¦ Nov. 23, 1003. — Sealed proposals in triplicate
wlll'be received .here until 10 a. m., Decem-
ber 7, and then opened for the manufacture
of olive drab overcoats, service coats,
breeches and flannel shirts, as per U. S.
standard and specification*. AIl»cloth, serge,
flannel* and lasting to be furnished by the
U S. The contractor to furnish all other
materials and trimmings, including buttons.
AU patterns, cuttings and remnants to re-
main the property of the United States. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals, or any part there-
. of. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals should be indorsed. "Proposals for
Clothing No. 0007," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. A., Depot Quar-
termatter. _; __'_L:; .
SAN FRANCISCO.- Cal., Nov. 23, 1803.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
• until 12 o'clock, noon, December 23, 1903, and
then opened, for furnishing at San Francisco.
Cal., Portland, Or., or Seattle or Tacoma,
Wash., for shipment to Manila, P. I., 8.640,-
000 pounds oats and 10,870,000 pounds hay.
Government reserves right to reject' or accept
any or all bids in whole or In part. Inform-
ation furnished on application to" WILLIAM
B. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gcn-
eral. Chief Q. M. '
PALM-feTRY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1; open Tuesday eve, also. 138 Post st
MME. NEERGAARD" has moved to her new
bldg., 242 Post;phone James 1; mall readings.
H> JEUOME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor ?t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.- <•
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market st., bet. <kh and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid tc diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market St. • « .
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM.' herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post st.: all diseases
. cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay «t.
j 'SPECIALISTS. ~
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treaU
ment free. Dr. Ccttlnghami 204 Sutter st.
STLTTEniXG AND STAMMERIXO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Curw
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home cure.
ANEI^SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 208.
A FEW good typewriters at $.10 each; get par.
tlculars. L, A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ¦¦ "- y\ -
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co..' 608 Market.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published,
f^ticcs restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published, once In this column
free of charge. ; t .
BORN.
TODT— In this" city, November 17. 1003, to the
. wife of J. Fred Todt, a eon.
DIED. ™ ~
Baker, Ruth . Hogan, Thomas P.-
Blum, Jacob Hughes, John A. -
Brosnan, John D. Jorgensen, Andrew
Brown, Capt. John Kelleher, James P.
Campbell. Catherine ,• Kelly, John
Christ,' Antone M. Kriseldroffer, Annie
Confer, Mrs. Lillian ICruse, Henry H. .'
Conner, Thomas D. Reynolds, Patrick
Constant, Margery Rlley, Mary E.
Cruft, John Sands, Lorensa
Da Valle, Vineenzo Sanger, Milton J.
Dunn, John . . ' Schenck, Ira C.
Duwer, William C. Schalble, Albert
Dlxson, De Witt C. Schilling, Pauline
Edwards, Mary E. Sherwood. Robert L.
Fogarty. Susan" A. Skinner, R. J. -
Gallagher, Ann . Smyth, Michael-
Green. Dora Ptrel. Alice J. • '
• Harold, James . Trowbridge, Geo." O.
Harris, Llllte . Wolf, Jeanette
Hoffmann, Gerhard Yerrick, Clark
BAKER— Irt> Oakland, November* 21, 1903. at
13«3 Castro street, Ruth, beloved wife of P.
S. Baker, a native -of California, aged 42
year* 0 months and j 27 days.
BLUM— In thin city, ' November 22, ,1003.
Jacob Blum of San Rafael, beloved brother
of Mrs. Anna Schudel, John Blum, Verena
Hass and Marx Blum, a native of Canton.
Schafhausen Beggingen, Switzerland,- aged
47 years. ' • . • :- '-¦ .
f CJ^Remalns at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
sen, 22S McAllister street.
BROSNAN— November 21, 1003, John D., be-
loved husbund of Mary Brosnan, and father
of James A. Broanan, a 'native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged C5 years.
E7"The lunefal will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:16 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at* 11:30 o'clock. ' Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery. V -*•
BROtt'N— At his residence In Sausalito.^No-
vember 21. 1903, 1 Captain John B. Brown,
i late of Point -Bonlta Lighthouse, .beloved
husband * of Charlotte Brown, a native of
England, aged 70 years and 2G* days., ¦ v.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited ; to • attend the funeral • to-day
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the -I. O.
O, .F. -Hall, corner .of Market and Seventh
streets, under the auspices of Templar Lodge
No. 17, I. O. O. 'F. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek
boat. , - '
CAMPBELL — In this city, November 21, 1U03,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late James D.
Campbell, and mother of James D., Archie
E., Kate E. and Alicia J. Campbell, a na-
tive of Cdunty Meatn, Ireland. . ; . ;.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully " Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock,' from her late resl-
'dence, 172S Waller street, thence to St. Ag-
• nes Church, ; where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at »:3O, o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by/electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and. Guerrero streets. , .
CHRIST— In this city, November 21, 1003,
Antane M. Christ, . beloved husband of Ettle
J. Christ, and father of Andrew -and Antone
Christ, a native of Missouri, aged 33 years
and 3 days. ' ' '/-" " .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited -to attend the - funeral to-day
(Monday), at, 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn A Co., > 214 Eddy
street.: Cremation Odd - Fellows' Cemetery.
A member of Portland Aerie . No. 4. Mem-
• bers of Bah .Francisco Aerie No. 5 are re-
quested- to attend.
CONFER— In this city,' November 22. 1803,
Mrs. ¦ Lillian ~ Confer., daughter . of the - late
Thomas Cunningham of ; Stockton. ,
CONNER— In Alameda, November. 22, 1903, at
> 450 Taylor avenue, Thomas Dlxon Conner, a
native of Illinois, aged SO years 8 months
,and 13 days. • . ¦ •
CONSTANT— In this city, November 21. 1903.
'" Margery ¦ Jane ' Constant, >, beloved sister of
. Mrs." Mary Elliott, . a native of Elkhart
. Grove, 111. -'= (Sapulpa County, Indian '¦ Terri-
tory, papers "tilease copy.) \
(CTFriends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited ' to attend ' the funeral ' services
, to-day (Monday), - at ¦ 11 o'clock, : at the par-
: lors of Craig,- Cochran A Co.. 429 Golden
. Gate avenue, - between . Larkln and Polk
-.streets. ' . ' '
CRUFT— In Oakland, November 21, 1903, John
Cruft; father of -John Cruft- Jr., a native of
V.England, aeed "80 years. ¦<•¦ ¦•>' '- --¦¦• :
DA VALLE— In this, city, November 22,. 1903,
MOXEY TO LOA.V. §3 j
.• aa— Hnr.MAN kb&pkt" I
C01-C02-C0S Kxf.mir.cr building, j
Qvick Ktttemects; no <Us*ppo!MJ«at.
>:>v.- cxtxfist? by d«allar directly,
n-.r.-.v.- Kt-cond marts**™, undivided Inter-
• '-. MfcUMaii ft r^'" 1**l/*rW ln tiUFt,
<i-- . iu-jn'olcs. Ufe «rtates and undlvidrcl ln-
: verts in r'^wilJ' purfbMed.
¦Toartcoas tttsitmest EuricOy confidential.
Wr.en %»u Xr-'l Mon'-y
-¦' HHRIIAN MCRPHT.
.•.ny~\XCnS~on~lumit\;re t^' 1 Pianos without
:<'«!'oval- lo rw-mancnt salaried people en
their note without sacaritj or knowledge cf
• imployer; Uywrst ra;<-«; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. «> and C9 Donohoe
building 1170 aiarkrt K.
ST r> IC ; '*i.Y COJCFII'EXTIA'L LOANS on fur-
.¦• -re Dlanos cr to salaried people on their
note: iiropcr matmpr.t jruarairtfee. ILLINIO^
TRUST CO.. r. W, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY If H** TsMr rrlvste plac* to obtain
liberal a.ivan -.-«.* ">n diamonds, jewelry, at
;, WMt ra-.f". IJuldtrin Jewelry Store. f>4«
Market tt. . fcet Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
UOSCET lc nfd to salaried people, retail 'mer-
ehant* teaaasWES. boarding-houses, without
•w-curny; fSuBT :avmer.ts; largeet business In
4« principal cities. Tolman. 5.VJ Parrott bidg.
\^— 1 jwr~r«T.t 0B furniture or riano; no remov-
:r-.i i< f-ion. no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
pr!\-at«- ronfldential. 2*1 ¦ Montgomery, rm. 7.
MCiacn»AL IX>AJ8 OFFICE. 103 Grant avs..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to l"an on low Interest; gold, s'.lver.
diamond?, pesirts and preriou* ?tones bought
at XV. J- HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO fa'aried rirople without security; on furni-
ii;r*: ir.dor*cd notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
yOU Chn borrow more money en your furniture
tran any other place In city; no commission.
C12 Purrott building; phone South CT>5.
AT lowest rat** on furniture Bind pianos; strict 1
no eom:nlseion:ln*tallmentB accepted.
BOXEUJ. S01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n, loans en ea.'arie« conflden-
t!u::y; new.eimple plan. Room CO. 819 Market.
IT' "NET loaned to salaried employes. ! G. W.
V.I..LER. room. 74. 5th floor. Chronicle b'.dg.
3% ON furniture 4 piano*; $15 up; no removal.
V. TRHMAIX, room SI. C Eddy et.. floor 4.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1OC3 Mu-
tual Savings Bar.k bldg.. 70S Market et.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Ix>ar. Bank. KS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
smarted employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on note? without
ir.dorrer. MOP.ELL. 609 Exair.lr.rr Mdg.
A PEEK'S newe tor 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
!6 Pipes, in wrapper, for mallinr. SI per year. |
- !
itEN'T a piano Jor $3 per month; we allow six
months 1 renud of the purchase price if you
wish to buy: this gives you six months* trial
of the instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented <ioe* net suit we allow the rental on
acy Instrument in cur stores; with euch good*
a* the McPhall of Boston.- the Schiller and
cur own rr.akt to eeleet from we can ruar-
entee satisfaction to every one In Quality.
jTlee and terms. S«* the Pcott-Curtai
•B'jou" the en-.alle*t full tcale ptano In San
Francisco. FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
&0Q-C2-04 Have* st.
Ai-I- uprl »hts en our bargain fiate to-day—
Collard $XV Fils-h*r. $50; Sherman A Hyd*.
$IC0- W*ber, $':3; Kimba'.l. $115; Manffleid A
Notnt. SUSS; Hcynes. $l&0: American, $ie3;
ChickerinE. $1C7; Emerson. $172; Miller.
t:7Z; 2 tUeinwaye, large and email sire. J1S3
«nd J290; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$-">25. T.entF ?2 up. apr-iy on purchase; in-
*'.al!mer.ts $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 23V
237 Grarx St.: Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Prcadway. eld P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu- 1
ei\ • ivholfifBl* and retail dealer* cf the We«t.
A 1AIU/ iA!> of l^autiful Drai>er r.ros. pianos i
iu*t rwelved. They are offered a? the be»t j
'thing in the market for the price. f.*>0a We j
l:av« »lco a fire assortment of Behr Rms. j
and Baurr.eijtr-r pianos. Simplex Piano Play- j
rr» and all kind? of rr.usical iri-trunient.i.
The ZEN' 1 MALVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. !
7<i* Market St.
A FINE let of second-hand uprights from $50
up. :nclui:r.K such m^kes a« Chickertng.
Vose Krorr (Turtaz. Kirkham. Pease.
Harrimar.. Marshall & Wendell. Baus aM j
rxYnrr. ITENJ. (TETAZ & SON. 16 OTar- I
jell st. No branches in San Franelsro.
UAND irt-t rumen is; V. Bosscn. p£ri*=. maker; .
Out* Mai-»-a!d. Art. Pac. Coa*t. 27<< O'Faxrell: j
fki!!fu! regsJrtBSrr 2j-iifcnd Instrurr.^ats sold.
A MA??IVE solid walnut case Estey organ. I
'^m'' tar.kF of kt-y* 1 anl ,-cdal I>a»s; cost S'M:
ro£r own price. BOWERS & TON. 11 Mason.
WANTED — A laTre square pian.> In good order.
BYRON MAI'ZY. 3Ch-S10-312 Poet St.
ALilOPT n<e»- upr'cht; <Jieap; or inrtall-
mer.t. ECHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister «t.
X fTD'K urrJrht muh^sany. nearly new;
, tausttbe enld. 21G MeAIUstar ft.
BEACTIFXTL 3-pcdcI eteir.wey apricot piano;
pertect crdcr; sacrifice. Ke"fre'n,2Sr> O'Farrel!. !
I"rredeemed storage pianos an3 furr.iture d'.rt
ch»sp. Whltthccd Storsffe, 5C36 Market »t.
SOHMER, Byron ilauiy p1ano». Ceclllan plaoa
playrr. BYRON- MAt.'ZT. 30S-312 Post «t
EVPHRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'LLER. maker. yytSn-r. 2 Ltthan place.
•SS»»MSMSSSBBSSBSS»^S«»S»M««^»SSS^«S»^SSSSSBSSSSS»«B»SSS»SS^SSM |
OFFICES AM* STOHliS TO LET.
IKSK. room in lawyer's office: desirable loca-
tion for business man. Km 213. Parrott bidg.
fr'TORE with' large tatemect: below Kearny !
ft.: rent K30. Arrly dfi Clay st.. room 1.
PERSOXALS.
A £*ecl&l lew rate, so days only —
M. Ella Harris.
To all Triiom I have n;ade prices to since j
Jan. 1. V^ti. and for the ensuing SO days j
on!r. I 'will make a liberal reduction from ]
efl prices for ray special Ceep- wrinkle treat-
ment. .; v: '*¦
The lady who has been on exhibition in >
the drug ctore windows may be eeen at my \
office this week Trom 10 to 5. In order to ac- •
comraodate tliose who have requested to ex- j
S-Tnine the face more thorouphly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS,
7^1 O'Farrell street, near Larkin_ Call cr ¦
write for bock explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SV1T HOUSE.
Young ladles Fteadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs i>:< i ta.ilor-tnade
suits to order, <-n weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince youreelf by calling on BARON, 7C2
Market «t.
Si"HE 6tar Malr Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff !
and . Itching sc&ip; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses *ea.lp;&t druggists*, hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no subttitute. Star P^medy Co-.tSM Polk.
'RIKKLrs and all facial blernlehes removed
by r.ew Parisian method ; superfluous hair re-
moved by Hectrolyela: lessons pivea In man-
icorlnr: terms reasonable. MilE. H. EAST-
WOOU. r. 7C2. Alto bldg., Bush and Kearny.
KOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewir.g-machlne of to-day. J.
XV. EVANS, effect. 1021 Market «t. : ' .
*
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures ,per-
rcar.ently morphine, cocaine habit. Can or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
W coraer gutter ct.; fee moderate.
MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment aad face
vibratory machine ; genuine tubs. Prof.
Morris, <W Geary .st.. tbeve Mi sen.
PALMER HEXDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
fis earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing mother, or come home.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
ea»ej positively (rated by Willow Bark Co.,
1S33 Polk Bt. ; consultation free; call or write.
AT less than coet, uncalled for suits, overcoats
tr.d trousers at CHARLES LYONS 1 . London
Tailor, 721 Market st. .
LIQtrori habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. - Acrae Liquor Cure Co., 697 Mar-
fret st.. room £03. ' -
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 60 cents
and up p« r wr«k. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket v... between Seventh and Eighth.- •
DANCING T-jesdar Thursday. Saturday.- Sna-
dty evgs.. Teutcnia Hall. Howard st..- nr.
Sth; Prcf. Foster; society dancing- taught.
',:, HATS a sroclalty this week. Slit OTar-
reil st.
MASQUERADE ccrtcmes. plsy bocks, wigs;
country oroers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 MkL
___ - . j
OLD hf^s ciafle nc-cr. SI 6 O'Farrell st. ]_ j
ANDERFON— Elegant theatrical and masquer- J
ade coftumes rer.ted. CC O'Farrell st. 1
5"ITS to ordor en Installments. 51 per week, j
Ncubans & Co.. taerch. tailors, 727-729 Markf t.
fUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric neeile. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse,. 1170 Market.
rm: bert place to bay pood umbrellas or have j
tr^m covered cr retired is 120 Stockton fet. ]
rAHX>n-«.IAr!E «:t S7S0; dress pants: $2 .V). i
I^X_.ieflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Hurh and Dupont. {
•\j.rnEDL'M'S ErjT.tlan~Hencr~restores gray
--"sflr.f tiMytaXasml color; »I: at all SrugglsW. i
5u!«r?.uous h»<r and mol'» removed with ei«r- !
• •¦i" n^ljf, >Try. Miss Kalon. 1113 Sutt?r. |
J^uyrt ha xc 1 xu~ii»Ti .VTr.vc. btc. i
liOoilS ijTV-r^d. S :: i0 en; tinting, painting. J
HartmaMi Paint Co., S10 ad St.; teL Main 413. I
rtKAL ESTATE CITV—^^J^y^;
eabto.v."j5ldridg¥T'co.,
«ms market st.
¦ - -—
*lC0.0()O— Extraordinary offer of a magnificent
tt-story end baeeinent brick and steel
fireproof hotel: close to Ellis end Powell
rts. : leaded fcr 10 years, good security,
at $12.C0O ver annum.
147.500 — Eddy *t.. near Jones: 4T:0xS7:6;
present Improvements pay $1-140 per
aanun; excellent site fcr apartment-
house.
S-'S.OOO — a part ment -home: absolutely new;
contains JO separate apartments, 4
rooms and bath, toilet ar»l pas range
complete; leased for J2SS0 per month.
$23 000 — Western Addition business corner; S
stores and 3 fiats; rents $2472 per year;
extremely large lot. 57 :(ixl OXi:*. .
513,250— Sutter-st. flats; near Ootavia; 3 beau,
tiful flats- S rooms and bath each;
• rents low at *'J7 00; lot 27:0x120,
throuch to rear rtreet.
$13,000 — Three new fiats, 7-7-S rooms and
bath; modem In every respect; electric
lights, cas. porerlaln batfcs, etc.; a
revelation In architecture.
$9,J00— Franklin st.. near Golden Gate av«.;
40x70; improvements, elegatit 2-stbry
repldence, 12 rooms and bnth; rented
for $60 per month; should brine ?90-
}«;_7r^) — Geary-st. residence; 27:0xiS7:6; pear
Webster St.; 1(1 rooms and bath; rented
Et JJO per month; lot alon«? positively
worth the. money; could easily be
changed into flats at slight expense,
making pavlnc investment.
JC.250 — Eighteenth st.; 2 magnificent flats,
built Ies3 than one year; rented to first-,
class tenant for $ 57 50 per month.
f G,000 — Pine et.. rear Hyde; Improvements
eonr ist of a 3-story residence of 8 rooms
and bath: rented for $50 per month.
$5,150 — Tehama st., near Fifth; « excellent
\» flats; rented for $M 50 per month; ex-
tremely large lot, 37xS0; a map.
$5.000 — North line Waller St.: residence, op-
posite Puboce Park; unsurpassed view;
beautiful lawn and garden; 7 rooms,
bath and high basement; trick founda-
tion; 25:9x137:0. - -
tl.r-OO— Twenty-second 'st. ; 2 beautiful flats,
4 and 5 rooms and bath; lower flats;
completely furnished, which is included
in the sale; brick foundation; concrete
sidewalk; rented permanently for $40
•per month.
$2,800 — Folsom ave.: 3 flats In first-class con-
dition; newly painted; plumbing A No.
1; r*nts ?31 per month; cheapest buy
in th» market.
BiriLDIXG LOTS FOR SALE.
$1.000 — Beautifully situated lot on- Octavla
st.. near Union; 25xSC:6; a positive
bargain.
$1,900 — South line of Waller st.. S2:6 feet
wos=t of Central ave.; 25x100; level and
ready for building; cheapest ict on the
street.
EASTONY ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St.
THOMAS MAGEK A SONS,
REAL "ESTATE AGENTS,
B MONTGOMERY ST.
FIRST ST.
40 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep and large brick
building.
IX MANUFACTURING DISTRICT.
$10,000.
LARGE VAN NESS CORNER, with full
d^uth on another main street; brings in over 6
p*r ernt now on good improvements; an excel-
lent site to be Improved later by raising the
buildings and putting In stores.
MODERN cottares ; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
« rooms— 12900.
6 rooms— $3250.
6 rooms — J35CJ.
6 rooms — $3000.
7 rooms — $4100:
6 rooms— $4000.
Located on First and Second ave.. bet.
Geary and McAllister Ft cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BIG sacrifice — ?IS0O will buy chicken ranch,
four large lots, house, stables. chioken-
hr.uses. windmill, horse and wagon, 400 fine
laying hens, ducks, pigeons, etc. : part cash.
Call or write to LEOPOLD WEINSTEIN,
KW. corner Pan Bruno and . Silver aves.
$350 DOWX and $20 per month, cottage, 5
rooms and bath: 4145 23d *t. ; the latest./
$300 down and $2." per month; 6-room iiou.-e
on Duncan Ft.: a snap.
D. COFFIN * CO.. 3.103 Mission st.
JUPT opened a new tract of splendid lols In
the best i art of Berkeley; terms very attrac-
tive: call cr send for map and particulars.
!~. F. and S. Home Building Society, 708
Market st.. P. F.
i SNAP — Juft completed; modern lV4-?tory cot-
tap-e. C room*, t>ath: easy terms. 20 Merritt
Ft.; take vsth-st. cars. Ret off at Hatt^e.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; w» Toan
full cost Improv. end part lot at 6 per cent,
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR bargain*' in city property, call on
ROTHERMEL A CO., 507 California et.
FIN?: income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall:
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton et.. owner.
REAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
FOR farms, orchard and vineyard lands, stock
ranches and timber lands, call on or address
for catalogue. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Cali-
fornia st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orch&rdi.
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cats.-
Icgves *er.t free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «M3
Market st.
FOR sale — A house cf 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each f>0x70 feet, in a town in Sonoma County.
For rartlculars apply at Call office.
POI.VTRICH.WOXD HEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: aH tracts:
mar*, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Psrrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CHOICE PROPERTIES FOR EXCHANGE.
$5000 — 31 acres. Santa Cruz, near Capltola;
fine improvements; half fruit.
$25,000 — 2K«i acres. Stanislaus County; farm
and stock; well improved; want bay city.
$£3.0CO — 1W) acres; fine orchard and Improve-
ments: want bay city.
$2T>,000 — Fine Chicago apartments; want good
sto^k ranch. \ . '
$7000 — 1000 acres; Calaveras; Improved; etock
and farm ; want bay city.
$D50O — Elegant 9-room Oakland borne; fine
site; want stock ranch.
$C000— 10-acre orchard and home near
Brighton Sacramento County: want bay city.
XV. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery et.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DKItRELGY REAL ESTATE.
$2500 — ELEGANT new cottage, 5 rooms, large
hall, bath, basement, etc.; tinted wall; por-
celain plumbing; electric lights; fenced; cor-
ner lot; street work done; close to both ferry
tralnz; easy terms. H. D. IRWIN, ' Lorln
station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4500—2 FLATS; all modern; rents $47 60;
near Broadway; good Investment. THE AL-
DEN COMPANT. HIS Droadway.
$21,000—8 NEW. modern Cats; yearly Income
$22S8; good corner property. *¦¦ ¦» .-
THE ALDEN COMPANT,
1118 Broadway.
100x100 OR In subdivisions. $11 per front foot;
street xvork and sidewalks complete; East
Twenty-third st. and Twenty-sixth avenue.
Eaet Oakland, or will build on terms to suit.
J. H. YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda
.^.^^^^xp'. 1 ' 0^^ T° LETt .. ,
FOR rent — $27 CO; unfurnished modern 8-room
house, with ¦ good etable; on Twelfth ave.,
i East Oakland; near street cars and school.
S E. H." WELCH & CO., Fifth ave. and Elght-
eecth et.'. Oakland. -. •- .-
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS., : "^
S5S>4 Washington and C10 Ninth sts.. Oak-
la Dd; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board ;- special rates to families.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. -fichellhaaj. 11th st.'.cor.gtore.Oaklnd.
STOKA GE AXP ,WAJtEHOUSESr~
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household : goods stored;, moved.'; chipped. 725-
731* Howard ¦ st.; ¦ nr.- Third ; phone: Grant 161.
PIERCE-ItODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of -
fcce.PoM and Powell ets.; tel.'.Prlve.'Ex. 671:
CONKLIN"S Storage-^-Furnlture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West" Storage; advances 'made; 840
MLcrion ft.: tel. Howard»841. F. W." Zchfuss.
PACIFIC Storart and Fnrr.iture MovlntJiCom-
pany. 232H Fillmore : pt.-; phone ; Jackson > 281.
BEKINH Van and Storage. Co., 11, Montgomery.
st. :- tcl. Main 1S40. i Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING ;atACH'iyES'A\PT SUPPLIES.:
XRW HOME cewlnr machine; thl* week only;
- $10/ $15. $20; slightly used; needles 1 20c dos.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market sW /
Vineenzo da Valle. belo\-ed husband of the
late Rosa da Valle, and beloved father of
Emillo da Valle. Maria Cella, Lena Fabris
and-AIda Sresovich. a native of Italy, aged
63 years 4 month3 and 7 days.'
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DUNN— In this city, November 22, 1903, John,
relict of the ¦ late ' Mary Dunn, and . dearly
belo%-ed uhcle of Mrs. P. J. Meehan and Mrs.
. J. Gunn. a native of County Tlpperary, Ire-
land, aeed 87' years. • ' •
: (C7"FrIenda'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence, 2103 Powell street, thence to St.
, Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his .soul,' commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross .Cemetery.
DUWER— In this city. November 21, 1903,
William C. beloved husband of Bertha Du-
wer, and father of August and Edward Du-
wer and Mrs. J. Sheridan, a native J of ¦
Bremen, Germany, - aged 55 years 1 month
.and 23 days. "A member of Court Hubertus
No. 13, F. of A. - - . -•
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toTUtend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, t531! Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DIXSON— In this city. November ' 21, 1903,
De Witt C, beloved husband . of Mary M. ,
Dlxson, and father, of Charles H. and De
Witt C. Dixson Jr., a native of Sibleyville,
N. Y., aged 61 years 11 monthB and!" 1 day. ;
(Saglnaw, Mich., papers pleass copy.)
IC3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend-the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted &- Co.; 946 Mission street. Cre-
. matkm Odd Fellows' Cemetery..
EDWARDS— In this city, November 20, ' 1903.
Mary E, beloved wife of. Of fleer John Ed-
wards, mother of Alice and John Edwards,
and sister of William, John N. and Jere-
miah Hurley and Mrs. John C/Ward, a na-
tive of, GrasB . Valley, Cal., aged 31 years.
(Oakland papers please copy.) ~
E?"FrIend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral to-day
.'(Monday), at ft o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1350 Union street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, wh/^re a solemn requiem
mass will be . celebrated for the repose of
her Roul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery- ' '
FOGARTY— In this city. November 22, 1903,
Suean A., beloved wife of John J. Fogarty,
and mother of the late- Bessie and James
Fogarty, a native of San Franclsoo.
IE7" Remains at 129 Beulah street. ,
GALLAGHER— In- this city. November 20,
¦ 1903. Ann, beloved wife of the late William
Gallagher, and mother of Mrs. F. E. Har-
rington, and sister of Mrs. B. Shannon, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 6G
years.
: C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the v funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter'a Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. *
GREEN— In this - city. - November 21. 1903.
Dora, beloved, wife of Mark Green, mother
of Hilda, Monroe, Arthur, Julian, Hazel,
Selma and Stanley Green, and sister of Mrs.
E. Simon. Mrs. L. G. Kaufman and S. M.
.and Sol SeeliKsohn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 45' years.
ETThe funeral services ;wlll take place to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock,- at her late
residence, 1322 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
mfcnt Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by ll:.'50
o'clock, train.- from Third and Townsend
. streets. -v '
HAROLD— In this city, November 21, 1903,
James ' Harold, an ex- member of the Polldft
Department, pensioned, and member of the
Knights of the Red Branch. - a native of
County Louth, Ireland, aged 79 years.
ITT'Frlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & . English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St, Ignatius Church, where a sol-
emn requiem hlch mass will be celebrated
for the reoose of his -soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
HARRIS— In \ this city, November 22, 1903,
Lillle, beloved daughter of Herman and the
late Lillle Harris, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 days.
HOFFMANN— In San Jose, Cal.. November
21, 1U03. Gerhard W. Hoffmann, a native of
Germany, aged 78 years 2 months and 11
days.
HOGAN— In Oakland, November 21, 1903,
Thomas P., beloved son of Patrick and
Catherine Hosan, and brother of William,
Joseph, Maggie and Mary Hogan and Mrs.
J. Marquardt and the late John Hogan, a
native .of Peoria,, 111., aged 29 years 10
months and 28 days. • (Peoria, 111,, papers
please copy.).
. E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited* to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
; of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, near Seventh, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his aoul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ; ""
HUGHES— In this cltv, November 22. 1003.
John Ambrose, dearly beloved Infant son of
Joseph F. and Margaret A. Hushes, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months -and
15 days.
IC^The funeral will taka place from the
residence of the parents, 2525 Folsom street,
.Tuesday, November 24, at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment .orlvate, Holy Croes Cemetery.
JORGENSEN— In Fly District. Napa County.
November 20. 1903, . Andrew Bent, beloved
husband of Tinnle Jorgensen, father of How-
ard A. Jorgensan and the I late Harold C.
Jorgensen, son of Jorgen and Cecilia, Jorgen-
cen, and brother of Mrs. Sam Andersen,
' Mrs. C. Pedlar and Henry Jorgensen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 26 years 2 months
and 26 days. A member of Helga Lodge No.
3 of Dimla and ' Golden Gate Camp No. 64,
Woodmen of the World.
E7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral services
Tuesday, November 24, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
tbe mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KELLEHER— In. this city, November 22, 1903,
James Peter,' beloved infant son of Rose and
James Kelleher, a native of San Francisco,
''aged 2 months and 25 days.
KELLY— In this city, November 22, 1903, John,
dearly beloved son of John and Hannah
Kelly, brother of Reta, Agnes and Willie
Kelly, and grandson of Margaret and the
late Jeremiah Whelan, ! a' native of ' San
Francisco, aged ¦ 5 years 3 months and 20
days. , • .
¦ cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at JO o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2>S2O Twenty-fourth street.
Interment iloly , Cross Cemetery.
KRISELDROFFER— In this city, November
i 22. ' 1003. Annie, beloved wife of Charles
KrlseldroftTer, and 1 mother of Louis and
George Hansen, Mrs. F. T. King and Mrs.
J, Caeeerley, a native of Germany, aged 53
: - years.
(ETThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
November 24, at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
/ parlors of the Henry. J. Gallagher Under-
taking Company, 20 Fifth street. ¦ Interment
strictly private.
KRUSE— In this city, November 22. 1903,
Henry H. Kruse, a native of Germany, aged
07 years and 4 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" tully invited -to attend the funeral from the
undertaking parlors of Iaccherl, Duclos A
¦ C0., 1 629 Broadway. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. ... -
REYNOLDS — In this city, November 21, 1903.
Patrick Reynold*, a native of Ireland, aged
6ft years.
, [CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrbw
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
I Theodore Dlerku, 957 Mission street, between
,. , Fifth and Sixth.-;*"
¦ HILES-srln this city, November 21. 1903,- Mary
Edith, dearly, beloved daughter of David and
Nellie Rlley, sister of Gertrude, Alice and
David Itlley, and granddaughter of Patrick
and the late Bridget McNamara, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years C months and
JO days. . " - "
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents,' 20 Gilbert street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. V v
SANDS— In ' Lorln, Berkeley. November 20,
1903, Lorensa, beloved wife of Olle Sanda,
devoted mother . of Mrs. Bertha 8und. Mrs.
Olivia White, Mrs. Laura AUne and Thomas,
' Robert, and Olle Sands Jr. and the late Mar-
¦ tin Sands and. Mm. Josephine Bastrup, and
grandmother of Anchor and Henry Bastrup,
. - .- ...- . ...... ¦ , ¦ • . . > •¦•,¦•. . .V
JjK; Dr.R.UWalsh
J» JEVt hti rutmti den'tl prMtin
at h!i firmir cflcei
>. \ Mi r ; - 847 beary St
. lUtot'y tppsiitt fiarstogm Hill
Reduced- /fates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . . . .25c
Fillings.*: .-..'. . . ...... . .50c"
Crowns . . . '.--.: . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
tOOr. FOB THIS AD. KACH 0THE3 DAT.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
a native of Stavanrer. Norway, aged 58
years 4 months and 4 days. .
ty Friends mid acquaintances are respect-
fully hivited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock, fxom her late
residence, 1440 Irvine* street. Lorin station.
• Berkeley. Interment- Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
SANGER— In Ocean Vtew, November 20. 1903.
Milton Joseph Banger, dearly beloved father
of William M. and George A. Saager and
Mis. George McGilllvray, a native of Boa-
ton, Mass., aged 62 years 2 months and 4
days. (South Boston papers please copy.)
ETFrrenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 14!) Broad street. Ocean View, thence
to St. Michael's Church, where a requiem
- high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of. her soul, commencing at 10- o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHAIBLE— In- this city. 'November 21. 1003.
Albert Schalble. a native of Germany, aged
• C9 years.. A member of Cooks' Helpers'
Union, Local No. 110.
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHENCK— In Oakland, November 21. 1903,
Ira C. Schenck, formerly lieutenant In Com-
pany C. Seventh Iowa Volunteer Cavalry, a
native of New York, aged 79 years 1 month
and 21 days.
SCHILLING— In this city, November 22. 1900.
Pauline Schilling, beloved mother of Mrs,
Agnes David and the late Charles L. Schil-
ling, sister of Mrs. H. Furst and N. H.
! Coffee, and grandmother of Mrs. Dorothea
Ikstrand and I.ulu David, a native of Ger-
many, aged 00 years. \
SHERWOOD— In this city. November 22. 1903,
Robert Lincoln, beloved sen of Eliza. Nelll
-Sherwood and the late Robert Sherwood, a
native of San Francisco, aged 38 years 1
month and '21 days.
E7The funeral will take place from his
late residence. 1123 California street, Tues-
day, November 24, at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
SKINNER— In this city. November 21, 1903.
R. J. Skinner, aged 70 years.
~ (C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 24, 1903, at 1O o'clock,
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue.
SMYTH— In this city, November 22. 1903.
Michael, beloved brother of Bernard and
John Smyth, a native of Derrylea, County
Cavnn. Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and
23 days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
-fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty A Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Holy Crow Cemetery, by 1:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
'streets.
8TREI— In. this city. November 21. 1903. at
the residence of her parents, 2517 Harrison
street, Alice Josephine, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of William E. and Alice J. Stret (nee
Cunningham), and sister of Vincent Strei. a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
S days.
£7 The funeral will take place from her
late residence Tuesday, November 24, 1003,
at 10 o'clock. Interment private, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
TROWBRIDGE— In Mountain View, November
22, 1903, George O. Trowbridge. beloved hus-
band of Louisa M. TYowbrldge, and father
of George T., Henry O. and Louis H. Trow-
bridge.
ET Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
TuMday, at 10 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
WOLF— In this, city, November 21. 1903, Jean-
ette, dearly beloved wife of W. Wolf, and
sister of Julius, Josaj>h and Jacob Ilosen-
blum, a native of Izbits, Poland, aged 76
' years. (New York papers please copy.)
YERRICK-Jn Oakland. November 21. 1903,
Clark, beloved husband of Mary Yerrick, and
I son of Adam and Naomi Yerrick, a native of
Michigan, aged 45 years 3 months and 21
• days. ¦
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE^— The annual
requiem mass for deceased members of the
Young Ladies' Institute will be celebrated at
9:30 o'clock Monday, November 23, in the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, Eight-
eenth and Diamond streets. AU members
and friend* of the order are Invited to be
present. MAY STEIN, Grand President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our heart-
felt thanks to the many kind friends and
acquaintances who gave so many evidences
of their kindness and comforting sympathy
during the sad hours of our bereavement of
our loving mother.
(Signed) JOHN E.. DANIEL- W., TIM-
OTHY F.. ANNIE C. and NELLIE E.
MORIARTY.Julien Bonetti was arrested lasi
evening by Patrolmen Joy and Flynr
and j booked at the City Prison on a
charge of assault , with ' a deadly weap
on. Bonetti is accused by F. Focada,
an employe of the Western Sugar Re
finery.* of having attempted to kill him
with a knife. According . to the; story
told by. Focada, he was walking up
Montgomery street on his return from
work when he heard Bonetti using vile
and obscene language in -the presence
of a lady who was passing.- He walked
up to Bonetti and asked him'- to desist.
Instead of complying with the request
Bonetti whipped out a large knife T and
made a savage lunge at Focada. 'The
men. fell to the sidewalk during the
struggle, and the latter escaped with a
few scratches on the face. S The offlcera
arrived on the scene at" this juncture,
but Bonetti refused . to „ submit quietly
to arrest, and it became * necessary for
Patrolman Flynn to use hlsclub^before
the refractory prisoner would consent
to proceed quietly to the Hall of Jus
tice.
Attacked With a Knife.
The Hamburg-American llnesteamer'
Deutschlahd broke adrift at Cuxhaven
and sustained extensive damages.
Devote more time to making the home
bright, beautiful and clean. It will re
pay you in the happy smile- your hus
band will wear on his return from work
in the evening. Start in by purchasing
a gas range from S. F. Gas and Electric
Co., 415 Post. •
BERLIN, Nov. 22.— Communication
by telegraph, particularly west of. Han
over, has been interrupted by a gen
eral storm. All of Western Europe is
at present only Indirectly connected
with Berlin. At Frankfort-on-the-Main
all street car traffic has been stopped
and trees have been uprooted. A new
four-story building has been demol
ished at Chemnitz. A tug sank at Em
den, one man being drowned. Several
lighters were sunk on the River Ems,
and it is believed that numerous lives
have been lost. Seven passengers were
seriously injured by the derailing of a
train at Seehausen. Many shipwrecks
in the North Sea are reported. .*, . .'. *
STORM ON NORTH SEA.
CAUSES MANY WRECKS'
Trapp«r's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, ,60c nask. Richard St Co.. 400 Clay.*
VIENNA. Nov. 22.— Count Tlsza.^ the
Hungarian Premier, arrived in Vienna to
day and was received in audience by Em
peror Francis Joseph.
- It is not often that one comes away
yawning from the Orpheum, but there's
a good chance this week. With the. ex
ception of Annie Abbott, the "little
Georgia; magnet," a clever but snipped
off acrobatic turn by the three Zolara
and some good cooning by the Brittons
the bill is as dull as one gets in the Or
pheum grab-bag.
The "little Georgia magnet," how
ever, is worth standing the rest for.
She is the kind of thing useful to have
round when you want the piano moved
or your house shifted a block or. two.
Miss Abbott Is a small person, in short,
of rather extraordinary gifts. She first
persuades a committee to straggle on
the platform by telling it that the Czar
of Russia and the Kins of England
have done the same thing before them
—though they didn't all speak at once
last night in spite of the inducement.
Once " on, however, there was fun In
plenty. One, two, five, ten of the men
pitted their strength against the little
woman, only to meet absurd defeat-
First she held a chair in the air be
tween her open palms, and three men
tried and failed to drag it to the |
ground. The same thing happened when
the little Georgian permitted a man to
hold the chair in the same fashion
while she placed her hands over his. A
simple stick, four or five feet long, was
also used to do the same trick, with
the same result.
Mere man got it again when Miss*
Abbott successfully defied the whole
committee to push her to the wall,
against which she had placed her
hands, nine men, one behind the other,
straining every muscle in the, effort.
Then the little lady, showed them that
she could just as easily make them do
what she pleased, as prevent them do-
Ing what they pleased. She allowed
them to take the beforementioned rod,
put all their hands on top of it, put a
man on top of that, and then carried
off the stick, the man and the commit
tee to the other side of the stage as
easily as a sunshade. Miss Abbott
shows not the slightest fatigue after
her extraordinary feats.
The Zolas, as before said, are clever
folk, and furnished one of the neatest
and newest acts lately seen here In the
acrobatic line. The Brittons are also
worth while, and if Bryant and Saville
would keep to their quicksilvery horn
piping on the fiddle, and to using the
good voice one .of them throws away,
there would be another good number.
Searl and Violet Allen have a poor;
sketch, the Arminos Tito quartet do
some well dressed and stupid danc
ing. Alice Kearney renders "A Stolen
Kiss." The blograph is worth waiting
for. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
After an absence of two and a half
years from this city, James M. Brophy
appeared at the California Theater last
night in Arthur C. Alston's presenta
tion of "At the Old Cross Roads." The
greeting extended the popular actor
was spontaneous and his entrance
speech was interrupted for several mo
ments by applause. There were others
in the company that shared the warm
reception. Estha Williams, Jane Cor
coran and Julia Blanc are all former
San Franciscans, and at the end of the
second act the entire stage was spread
with handsome floral tokens.
The Southern melodrama scored a de
cided hit with the large first night au
dience. Its story of love, slavery, and
Intrigue elicited the old sympathy and
welcome, and the popularity, of"
the plot and lines has not grown
less. From Miss Williams, in the
leading role of Parepa, an octo
roon, to the slaves and members of
the jury the cast is of the highest or
der. It is an aggregation of talent that
does credit to the play. .Miss Williams
is a star in her character and portrays
It with originality and power. In the
scene of the murder, where restraint is
cast off and the silence of years springs
into fury, she evinces her ability and
brings out the thorough melodrama.
.Brophy as Doc Kerr is very strong.
As is usual in most of his parts, he
brings sunshine where shadows lay
and thwarts the villain's plot. • Jane
Corcoran as Annabel Thornton is very
sweet in her part, and no more could
be expected -from it. Harry L. Dunkin
son as Tom Smith, a tramp and after- J
ward County de Monay, is particularly
clever. He is a thoroughbred comedian
and supplies more than his share of
the comedy. "•
Young Mississippi is sustained by
Louise Vallentine. She does the "coon
kid" .stunt to perfection' and her spe
cialties were of the best. Julia Blanc
as old Aunt Eliza appeared in every
act and was a typical Southern ne-.
gress. She had many friends in the au-'
dience when the curtain went up and
many more before it was lowered. Wil
liam Brummell was Dayton Thornton,
the villain. From the time of his ap
pearance until he got killed in the
fourth act he had the interest of the
audience and. all pronounced his work
well done.* Mildred Hyland as Madge
Thornton, the villain's favorite daugh
ter, and Owen 'McCormack as Tom
Martin won favor for excellent acting
The twelve others in'- the cast are all
deserving of praise. The male quartet [
in the second act was encored several
times and the singers were obliged to
give five selections jbefore the audience
would allow the play to proceed. ".'
Cavanagh Files an Answer.
Police Officer Kavanagh of the Gold
en Gate Park station has filed an an
swer to the divorce complaint of his
svife, in which he specifically denies the
charge that he neglected her. Kavan
agh alleges that he always .provided for
lis wife and attributes his present mat
rirtfonial troubles to his mother-in-law
rhe case will be heard by Judge Ker
rigan to-day and Kavanagh expects to
prove by competent witnesses that he
is not what his wife' represents him to
be. ¦ ' ™. ¦
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery Ed
ard S.' Knowles, 24 Second st.. Main 598. •
A large audience attended the psy
chological lecture given by Dr. Tyndall
at Steinway Hall last evening. ' Dr.
Tyndall related many convincing inci
dents of telepathic communication be
tween persons in various parts of the
world. The difference between phe
nomena of thought transmission from
mind to mind and telepathic communi
cation was brought out and the. dis
tinction clearly defined.
Dr. Tyndall Lectures.
Thankseivlnff day
On Thanksgiving day, Thursday. November
SG, the California Northwestern . Railway will
bc!1 tickets from San Francisco to all points
mentioned below at half rates or one fare for
the round trip, with limit of return Friday,
November 27:
St. Vincent. Irnaclo, Novata. Petaluma. Co
tatl. Fanta Rosa, Fulton, Windsor, Healds
burgr, Lytton. GeyservlUe, Astl, Cloverdale,
PreKon. Hopland, Guerneville, Phellville,
Vlt:eburg, Sonoma, Agua Callente. Glen Ellen,
Sebartonol, Uklah.
Tickets will be on sale at Tlburon ferry on
On the California Northwestern Bail
way.
HAXF BATES
FOB THANKSGIVING
Other members of the crew that an
known are Henry Price, second engi
neer, of Everett, and William *Shady
fireman, of Everett. ,
William Dangerfield, steward, ha:
been a resident of Port Townsend fo:
four years. - ¦ • ' •
Robert Carlson, deck hand, has beei
in the employ of the company for th<
past three years and- was aboard thi
steamer Elmore for three seasons ii
northern waters.
Albert Klssell, who was making thi
trip down as a waiter, is a son of N. J
Kissell of Port Townsend, a prominem
real estate man.
The number of people aboard the Dis
covery, passengers and crew, is esti
mated at thirty. The vessel left Yaku
tat October 2i», according to the offi
cers of the steamer Nome City, and was
never seen after that. She is believed
to have encountered a storm which sim
ply broke her to pieces, the disaster oc
curring probably within Uventy-four
hours after she left Yakutat.
The .Discovery was built at Port
Townsend in 1S98 for the Puget Sound
trade. She had been in the Nome traf
fic for the last three years.
Of the men known to have been on
board the Discovery, Captain M. R.
Walters was born in New York State
38 years ago and came here eighteen
years ago. He has a wife and five boys
in Port Townsend. Captain Walters
was interested in the schooners Frank
W. Howe and Vance of Port Townsend
and owns a fine dairy farm in Jefferson
County. He is also one of the stock
holders of the a American Tug Boat
Company of Everett and went north as
manager for the company.
Captain J. H. McGrath, master of the
Discovery, was until last year with the
survey steamer Patterson.
Edward Ford, first officer, is a brother
of Captain Ford of the steamship Fa
rallon.
Guy Welford, chief engineer, lives at
Everett, where, Just prior to starting
north this year, he was married. He is
36 years of age and for a number of
years engineer of the revenue launch
Guard, stationed at Port Townsend.
Edward Vansice, purser, is a native
of New York State and came to Port
Townsend in 1887. He is 40. years of
age.
Bent's information makes it practi
cally certain that the Discovery is lost
and leaves little hope for either pas
sengers or crew. It is believed in fact
that everybody on board perished. Th*}
wreckage found, Bent says, consists of
pieces of lifeboats, life preservers and
large pieces of her hulL He states that
a terrific storm prevailed for a week
prior to November 16, on which date he
boarded the Excelsior at Yakutat, hav
ing walked 90 miles from Seal River to
catch the steamer. The Yakutat
Indians were watching- the- beach
for bodies and they claim to have
found a large piece of mast and a man's
coat.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 22.— A special
dispatch to the Post-Intelligencer from
Juneau, Alaska, announces that J.
Bent, a 'passenger on the steamer. Ex
celsior, arriving to-day reports that a
mass of wreckage from the steamer
Discovery was washed ashore at the
mouth of Seal River, thirty miles below
Yakutat. ;
Yakutat Indians Patrol the Beach
for Bodies and Have Already-
Found Man's Coat and
Piece of Mast.
Wreckage of the Vessel Is
Pound at the Mouth
of River.
Their burns were so many that the I
physician worked for full three hours
in dressing them. Collins, who was the
leapt injured, was able to go home after
he was attended to. The other three !
were removed to a private hospital, ¦
where they will be confined for some j
time. Murphy will be able to leave the
hospital in a week's time, but the other
two will be compelled to remain in bed
for several weeks.
The injured men denied having used
a candle in their work, but the remains
of one was found on the scene of the
explosion. ' No damage was done the
building, though it was severely
shaken.
BUILDING ONI/T SHAKEN.
Four men were seriously burned by
an explosion of gas in the generator
room of the San Francisco Gas Light
Company at its works In the Protero,
near Twenty-third and Kentucky
streets, yesterday morning. The explo
sion occurred at 8:30 o'clock. Three of
the workmen were so badly burned that
they had to remain at a hospital for
treatment. Those injured are John
Reynolds, Washington Hotel, 622
Fourth street; Laurence Donlan and
Martin Murphy, 823 San Jose avenue,
er.d John Collins, 232 Day street. Col
lins was allowed to go horhe after hav
ing his wounds dressed, he being the
least injured of the four. The other
three were burned severely on their
faces, hands and arms.
CAUDLE CAUSES EXPLOSION.'
The men are all gas fitters and were
taken from the street gang to make a
connection with one of the large pipes
leading from one of the gas generators
to the basement of the generating
plant of the works. All of the gas was
supposed to have been taken from the
mains. The men, contrary to the rules
of the gas company, carried a lighted
candle to their work in order that they
might see better what they were doing.
There was an admixture of gas and
air In the pipe. The men had been
•working about an hour when one of
them stuck the candle in the main.
There was a terrific explosion and the
mixture bursst into flames, igniting, the
clothes of the men and burning them
terribly. The other men in the works
Immediately rushed to the scene of the
explosion, put out the fire on the work
men's clothing and dispatched a man
for help to the Protero Branch Emer
gency Hospital. The injured men were
then removed in an ambulance to the
hospital, where Dr. Painter dressed
their wounds.
Gallant Patrick Manning, the rich
miner from Tonopah, is now a
benedict. Yesterday afternoon he
and the girl of his choice, Miss' Ma
mie Cannon of 223 Perry street, tripped
merrily down to St. Rose's Church and
there the matrimonial knot was tied
by Rev. Father O'Neill.
Manning's hasty plunge into the mat
rimonial sea will not come altogether
as a surprise to those who know him
¦well, for it has been common gossip
for some time that the king of the
gold dust realm was smitten with the
charms of the fair and winsome Miss
Cannon. But then there was another
whom, rumor had it. Manning regarded
with more than common esteem, so
many of those who supposed they knew
all will now open their eyes In surprise.
Both Manning and his bride did all
in their power to escape notoriety and
whenever the talk of marriage was
brought up both were wont to take on
a mj-sterious expression and pass the
subject off by giving evasive answers.
But what is to become of the other
fair one with whom the dashing miner
was formerly infatuated? Mrs. Me-
Glynn wants damages and says that
she had first claim on the affections of
Manning.
Manning has furnished a beautiful
new flat for his comely young bride.
Candle Ignites Fluid With
Serious Result -to
Laborers.
Bride and Groom Are Reti
cent Regarding Their
\ Marriage.
A young Oakland man started out to
be' ; a : footr>ad at an early hour this
morning 1 and an exciting half hour,
during which two citizens yielded up
their coin,, a deputy sheriff's pistol
barked once and the police came hur
rying in answer to a telephone alarm,
saw the beginning and the end of the
youth's career of crime.
The footbad • was . captured by the
men he had robbefl,* the deputy sheriff
and his brother after a short chase. He
said, his name was Martin * Noone and
that he lived at 1124 Campbell street.
Shortly; after midnight Frank Fer
guson, a, fireman employed by the
Southern. Pacific Company and living
at 1124 Chestnut street, and Harry, Or
bell, a" plumber residing at 1068 Kirk
ham street;«.were on their way home,
when they, \ saw a- man leaning against
a building ait ihe corner of Twelfth and
Linden streets. He was smoking a
cigarette and . suddenly bounded' for
ward with/a^demand that Ferguson
and Orbell 1 throw up .their hands, at the
same time. pointing a revolver at them.
Ferguson resisted, when the footpad
snapped his: revolver, but the cart
ridge failed' to explode. Ferguson, see
ing the • footpad meant business, j gave
him $1 25, all the money he had in his
possession, 'and Orbell handed over
$1 50. The robber then ran along Lin
den street and was followed by the two
men, who were joined by Deptuy
Sheriff Moffat and his brother, M. Mof
fat.
The brother of the deputy proved a
fast sprinter, and he ran the footpad
down in a vacant lot a block away and
held him at bay till the others ran up.
Again the desperate young man tried
to shoot, and again his revolver only
snapped.
Then Deputy Sheriff Moffat fired a
shot at the footpad. The latter, threw
away his useless .revolver and surren
dered.
The noise of the chase awakened
many people in the neighborhood, and
a telephone message was sent to the
police station. A number of policemen
arrived on the scene as the capture was
made. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway/ Nov. 23.'
Snap s Revolver, When Cornered, at
Deputy Sheriff Moffat and
Surrenders When Latter
\ Fires a Shot.
Martin Noone Holds. Up Men
and Is Soon Cap
tured. , ..-,•••¦ ''." '
Youth's Career as Rob
ber Lasts but Half
an Hour.
"At the Old; Gross: Roads"
- Makes Great Hit Before
: Crowded House.
Confirmation Received
of the Loss of the
Discovery.
Workmen Are Badly
Burned While Re- '
pairing Pipa
James M. Brophy Is
i Warmly Greeted at
the California.
Miner Prom Tod o pah
Finally Succumbs to
Wily Cupid.
THIRTY DIE
WHEN CRAFT
GOES DOWN
GAS EKPLOSION
INJURES MEN
MANNING WEDS
MAMIE CANNON
GEORGIA MAGNET
AT THE ORPHEUM
FOOTPAD'S
VICTIMS RUN
HIM DOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, 23, 1903.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
READY FOR A RUSH! ARE YOU?
Tremendofts sale that will open the eyes at this big. busy store. The
most wonderful grocery sale ever held, commencing this morning and
lasting all week. : 1
fzxzzrzzzzrh P ure Cane Granulated Sugar, on orders, 20 s^^~^?>ss
<E£j£f«a ] lbs f° r 91.00 jFfffe«| ]
( $*"/3i'v3 5 Table Raisins, large box, rcg. $1; our price ) y^^^o? )
iS^IlS3 ? Mincemeat, extra fine, 3 lbs -•"»<*; i-lb jars. .10c j llSmiBS' I
V?njjES I Mincemeat, 5-lb jars -<.">c; 10-lb jars SO<? ! £»tHf*-j S
j^vp^Jy > Cranberries. Cape Cod, reg. 15c; our price, {
n '- rj "'" r ' n Seeded Raisins, full i-lb packages, 3 pkgs...2."»c 2~2222Z22_
jyz~z^**jvs, 7 Pk»? s Currants I>Oc .
5f55pSt5i3 < Candied I'eei, Lemon. Citron and Orange, reg. $B$£^$C\
j^jgj^fl < -5c; our price, per lb loe j \
&-^ij^5J * Cor:u_ sweet, tender, reg. I2i/£c kind, 3 cans - > M^hl^« I
ji«fry»1| \ Peas^small, extra sifted, I2^c kind, 3 cans j ?
•p^fLcSS I Tomatoes, extra sifted, reg. 10c straight; our J tSaisaafci \
v—*^*^ 1 *^^* price 3 for —tie; doz $1.OO S»~t~N~«~i
TURKEYS! TURKEYS! TURKEYS!
We will have them by the carload. Get our price before buying. We
will guarantee you a saving of 5c to 8c per lb.
Hams, Eastern, very choice, lb.loc Jams, Jellies and Preserves, 20-
Lunch Tongue, 3 cans 60c lb pails this week $1.25
Lard, pure rendered, 3-lb pails Jams, Jellies and Preserves, in
35c ; 5 lbs GSc glass, 3 glasses 2,1c
Salmon, deep red, 4 cans 35c Olives, large Queen, imported,
Sago, reg. 5c per lb, 7 lbs for. 25c per tjuart ....30c
Rice, whole grain, best, 7 )bs..50c Plum Pudding, reg. 35c, .now
Rice, CR, cooks good, 5 lbs. . . .25c 25c ; reg. 65c, now .45c
Macaroni, large box, reg, 30c Bottled Olives, Queens, reg. 40c,
box .-..' 20c now 20c
Salt, 3 5c sacks 10c Large bot. California Mission
Syrup, large 2-gal pails, reg. Olives 25c
$1.25, now S5c Maple Sugar, pure goods, 3 lbs. 35c
Mincemeat, extra fine, 25-lb pails Maple Syrup, gal. 80c; y 2 -gal.
V, •• $2.OO cans on sale .4Oc
1000 sqs Choicest California Butter, reg. 60c,
n _ t _ n _ rTjnjnn^ our price 45c; 2 sqs ...85c
fipS||*|aj 500 cases Ranch Eggs, others ask 55c, our f^P^Pi^
E^lOjV<i '' alinas p ° ta toes, best, per box 7.1c; sack.. ; >
; |fiyFjR5 j; Flour, best California product, rcg. $1.35 sack, ! \
E^g^gS S Tea. very finest, 80c lb," this Yale,' Vb, 40e; 5 &S§1$ <
t ibs 91.75 \h~^ssj
Coffee, Java and Mocha, our celebrated special • : -
brand, 4-lb cans .85c
ALL LIQUORS RETAILED AT WHOLESALE* PRICES THIS
WEEK.
Brandy, Apricot, per gal $2.0O Gin, Old Forester, gal.. .... .$1.65
Brandy, Blackberry, per gal. Gin, Old Tom, special $2.10
* • ••;••£ $2.OO $1.00 bot. Old Brandy ...50c
Grape Brandy, 8 years old, reg. $1.25 bot. McBrayer, Old Crow 60c
$4.00 .. ... . . ..... . / 9,2.00 $1.25 bot. Apricot Brandy . .6Oc
Maryland Rye Whisky, 5 years $1.00 bot. Rock and Rye. ;50c
old 91.05 $1.25 bot. Stomach Bitters. . ..60c
Kentucky Whisky, 9 years old. $1.25 bot/ Jamaica "Rum. ... . . ;80c
gal. $2.10 $1.00 bot. Peach Brandy. ......50c
We are giving you bargains in every department of this large store
Why not take advantage? Opportunities. like this are not offered to you
everyday. Freight prepaid 100 miles distance. Write for prices 1049
Market st., bet. 6th and 7th, opp. Jones or Hiberftia Bank, glume South 894.
MARKS BEOS.
pOLDBERR
BO WEN
& CO
Huckleberries/ Oneida Community
Strawberries f K z r \y 25c can 20c
Poultry seasoning
B€W * 3ca M25C-
Nut Cracker— Henckei 40c
Steel— nickel plated— reg'iy 50c
Come early
Holiday wines— liquors
Whisky— Bull Dog Full quart $1
Our own special X gal bottle 2
rye or bourbon whisky —
rex'ly $1.25— $2.50
Cocktails-reg'Iy $1.25 bottlo 90C
6 kinds— ready to use
Rum— -Jamaica 75C
For punch'— sauces — ' £3
reg'iy $1 bottle^-$4 gallon
Port Commendador ) reg'iy < 1 -^
Sheny Emperador f** bottle S 1 -^
Exceptionally fine old Spanish wines
Caloric punch pts 65c
Swedish— reg 'iy 8oc-|i.4o qts $1.25
Claret pts $1.75
Ex. V. V. Zinfandel qts 3
Pure— fruity flavor gallon 75C
table wlne^ — reg'iy $2 15 — 13.50— Ji
Riesling— Golden pts $1.90
Mild, pleasing taste— qts 3.35 1
you'h like It gallon 75C^
reg'iy $2.50— $4— $1
Sweet cider gallon 50c
CIGARS j
Arrived in time
for Thanksgiving
El RlCOSO — Our own brand
box of 25 $3
A full-sized Perfecto cigar
Driftwood blaze (Ask about it)
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2819 California San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
/fh EXPERT .OPTICIANS, fjjfa
11 j\ HIKE OCULIST'S j\j[
\ {^f Prescription \
/m^EYE GLASSES M
l^j . At Moderate Cost,
rkettcs-p
BQWEN
5t CO.
BON BONS]
For fun— for dinner favors
—THANKSGIVING—
Malaga raisins — mammo
pec an s — walnuts— 1 1 a I i a n
chestnuts — glace 'citron—
mince-meat — Smyrna figs-
ma rrons glace' — plum
pudding — seeded ra i s i n s —
cleaned currants— crystallized
fruits — Bar Le. Due currants.
LEBKUCHEN
(German honey cake) — Made
in Niimberg— 16 varieties.
Gorgeous candle shades
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Come early
Kona Coffee— reg'iy 25c n> 20c
Hawaiian Beauty (Kona) 30C
?\m'O\a.S—Baby 3 bottles 50c
» Olives with pimientos
Olives— Spanish 55c
Quee:' No. 1— reg'iy 40c quart"
Cheese— Eastern 2OC
Martin's— full cream— reg'iy 25c Ib
Huyler's c o n f e c t i o n s—
cranberry sauce— jelly— sage
cheese— Bismarck ' herring—
-7-salted almonds — salted
pecans— hickory nuts.
Gelatine— Cox \- 2 for, 25c
Large size pekg— reg'Iy 15c
Jelly — Currant • 2OC
Oneida Community — pure —
reg'iy 25c 1 lb glass
Peas — French \ re
Peas— French - reg M y 30c .can 25c
German cheese in cans
Camembert— Brie— Mont de or—
Bayrischer bl;r kase— Romatour— all
new goods 5q c
* .CUfFEERJiT
E\ER^BMMRrUNTED
>^DEwty t snwBiMaL^B^ : ¦
J* fi PATFWTQ <1 I
.. l 330MARKETSr.S>.>S^
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACE and HANDKERCHIEF
DEPARTMENTS.
-175 DOZEN LADIES' VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS;
in- Doth White anl Ecru 30c Each
Regular value 5Oc.
125 DOZEN LADIES' VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS,
• White and Ecru, (extra fine goods) .... 40c Each
Regular value 75c.
75 DOZEN LADIES' WASH STOCK COLLARS in ahOUt
12 different patterns 25c Each
Good value for 35c.
100 DOZEN LADIES'. FINE LAWN EMBROIDERED
. SHIRT WAIST STOCKS • • • • 5Oc to SI.5O Each
750 YARDS NAINSOOK, CAMBRIC and SWISS EM-
BROIDERED FLOUNCINGS, 16 lnchss deep, in a large
Yarletu of patterns....*-.-- 50c Yard
Regular value 75c.
40 PIECES 48-INCH FRENCH CHIFFON, (a Yern sttp3-
rlor ([uailtn)j In Black, White, Cream andall the
leading shades".... ........ ...:..:..?.. 60c Yard
Regular price 75c.
150 DOZEN LADIES' -UNLAUNDERED SHEER LINEN
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, (all letters)........
............6 for 90c
400 DOZEN LADIES'- SHEER LINEN HAND EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, put up in fancn fcoxes....
$1.50 and $3.00 Box
Half dozen. In. box.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC and SHEER LINEN HEM-
STITCHED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS
... $1.00, $1.50, $2.25 and $3.00 Box
Half dozen in box.
GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC INITIALED' HANDKER-
CHIEFS $1.50, $2.40 and $3.00 Box
Half dozen In box. >-;¦--
We have Just received a large shipment of FRENCH
VALENCIENNES LACES, Edgings and Insertlngs to
match, in all widths. Prices from
,. 40c to $2.00 Per Dozen
TWJ f\ r T^ TEZ* Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 n V— / 1 SHj AI! orders for samples or goods filled
55 and shipped same day they are received.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
DlbypAKuAIINg
jffi||| Women's
B AT 69C Wra PP er a * illustrated, t
¦ made of a good Quality of
9 flannelette that ' will give {food
B wc\r; neatly finished at waist line
with a tailor-stitched strap. Spe-
cial price for to-day, 69c, and sev-
eral different patterns to select
from. .
AT 88f ¦ Woman's Flannelette
1 ' wuu Wrapper in pretty stripe
effects; yoke and bretelles trimmed
in rood , washable braid; deep
flounce. You will appreciate the
value when you see this gurment. -
¦ ' ¦
AT Q ft r Woman's Wrapper, made
Hl oou of a good substantial
Quality of flannelette that will
stand the wear and tear of the
laundry; latest style back; yoke,
bretelles; collar and sleeves trlm-
med In black and white braid.
AT $1 9(1 Woman's Wrapper, made
ni.tpi.£u of a g plenala quality of
flannelette; square yoke, trimmed
in novelty braid, finished with 4-
lnch ruffle piped in embroidery;
11-inch • flounce. ' A wrapper that
will please you In every detail.
AT Si A>t Woman's Hiph-Grade
1 * l>^*' riannelette Wrapper, to
/be had In stripes of brilliant color-
ing; ruffle finishes off round yoke;'
lined sleeves. This wrapper ii
well made and excellently finished.
• These wrappers are made of
Marks Bros.' honest materials —
the best guarantee of their jrood-
Iness. All have fitted vest llnlnjrs
and comfortable bishop sleeves.
Closed all I day Thursday; I Open
Wednesday night till 10:30. -
Green Trading Stamps Given With
. ¦ Hyvry Purchase.
MARKS BROS.
; '•Honest Values "
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
Between Taylor and Jones. ;