Continued on Page 2, Column 6.
Continued on Pace 2, Column 1.
Continuedon Page 2, Columa 9.
• It has been common talk among thosa
who. are acquainted with the princi
pals of the tragedy that Garnett. when
wanted, would be easily located, and
the events of yesterday would suggest
that there was good foundation for the
story, for it was not many hours after
McClung died that word was received
at the local police headquarters that
the slayer was in custody there. Gar
nett was arrested in a small lodging
house in Oakland shortly after 8 o'clock
last evening. and half an hour later he
was turned over to Detective Ryan,
who was dispatched from this side of
the bay to get him.
In company with Garnett at the time
of his arrest was H. W. Bradley of the
law firm of Bradley & McKInstry of.
'this city. With Bradley, who. as be
fore stated, is a lifelong friend of Mrs.
Colt and frequently her legal adviser,
facts which he admitted last night,
Garnett was engaged in the prepara-
Her pleadings finally softened his
heart and with the remark that he
would not kill her he dropped the re
.volver at her feet and hurried away.
She picked the weapon up and carried,
it. back, to her room, where Dr. Shiels
afterward found it and put it in his
pocket, where It remained until he
turned it over to the police yesterday
morning.
Porter Garnett said last evening that
he remained with Mrs. Colt In her
apartments until nearly daylight yes
terday. She was in a nervous state and
would not consider a suggestion to seek
rest until the morning papers had been
brought to her and she had read the ac
counts of the shooting.
ARRESTED IN ROOM.
PICKS UP REVOLVER.
but she withheld him and locked the
door. Later she went out into the hall
way, followed by McClung's assailant,
who continued to threaten her.
TWO PRINCIPALS IN THE FATAL TRAGEDY ENACTED IN THE
PALACE HOTEL WEDNESDAY NIGHT. AND THE WOMAN IX
WHOSE APARTMENTS THE SHOOTING OCCURRED.
COLON, Nov. 26.— The text of the de
cree closing the ports of the Depart
ment of Bolivar reached here to-day.
It prohibits until further notice all
traffic or business between the ports in
that department and "the rebel depart
ment" of Panama and says.
"The. Department of Panama having
declared itself free and Independent
and having taken up arms against the
national Government in efforts to'de
stroy Colombian integrity, dignity and
honor, Colombia requires the-employ
ment of such measures as are indis
pensable for the punishment and sup
pression of the rebels. The act closing
.the ports mentioned is taken by the
Government of Bolivar independent of
the Bogota Government. Bolivar can
do all she considers necessary for the
defense of the state and; among the
measures which the legitimate ends 'of
war warrant is the depriving of the
enemy of resources and the free traffic
of commerce." >
The decree provides also that neutral
STATE OF WAR EXISTS.
Decree Closing' Bolivar's Ports Dubs
Panama a "Rebel Enemy."
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Nov. 26.—
Oberlin M. Carter, ex-captain of engi
neers, U. S. A., who has served three
years and seven months of a five years'
sentence in the Federal prison at Fort
Leavenworth, will pass out of the gate
of the prison Saturday morning "a free
man. He intends going directly to
Chicago. Carter positively declines to
be interviewed by newspaper men, his
attorney, H. G. Stone, of Chicago,
warning him to say nothing whatever.
Carter Goes Free To-Morrow.
MUNICH, Bavaria, Nov. 25.— The Ba
varian Chamber of Representatives has
unanimously adopted a resolution re
quiring the dismissal from the service
of all officers and non-commissioned
officers found guilty of mistreating sol
diers and the War Minister, General
Bonen Verasch, has approved the reso
lution, declaring that the Bavarian
army authorities are already conform
ing with the spirit of the resolution and
have dismissed two officers this year
who did not exercise necessary watch
fulness. The Minister approved sum
mary treatment, especially In the case
of brutal non-commissioned officers.
SOLDIERS IN BAVARIAN
ARMY TO BE PROTECTED
Chamber of Representatives Adopts
Resolution Requiring the Dismis
sal of Cruel Officers.
It is a strange i train of circumstances
that is developing out of the. shooting.
Contradictory, statements have' been
made by. alUthe persons that were in
the apartments of Mrs.' Coit at the time
and j immediately after the shooting j oc
curred.:: Wednesday -. night, after . Mrs.
Coit had apparently. recovered, from the
excitement attending;, the shooting > of
McClung, : she . instructed ; the hotel : at
tendants , to * admit ,- no s interviewers • to
her- apartments: At: midnight,: how r
ever, she- received -two -acquaintances.
A few hours later, when the police of
Oakland arrested Garnett, he was in
the company of the attorney. of Mrs.
Coit, preparing his own statement pre
paratory to j giving himself up to-day,
and when taken into, custody he said
the shooting was accidental; that noth
ing would ever come of : his case and
that there ; would; not.be any prosecuV
tion. With marked emphasis he added:
"And you can rest assured of that.".
SITUATION -STRANGE ONE.
McClung's last statement, . • made •, a
few hours before he - died, briefly ac
cuses Garnett of the shqoting, but ex
cuses the murderous act on. the ground
that the man, was drunk when he com
mitted the deed. Those at the bedside
of the dying man, among whom . was
his wife, seemingly acquiesced in his
taking this view of the matter. . While
McClung was gasping the few words
that will materially aid Alexander Gar
nett in his defense, Mrs. Colt, .through
the medium. of a relative. Porter Gar
nett, who is a' cousin .of the slayer of
McClung, was preparing a statement
for the press, , in which she, . too, ex
presses the opinion that the deed was
a drunken man's act. .
Mystery is enveloping the tragedy,
which "has attracted widespread inter
est owing to the prominence of those
involved. There is evidence. of an ef
fort being made to conceal something,
but just what only those who figure in
the strange case are able to tell. They
not only refuse to clear the mystery,
but seem to be trying to throw obsta
cles In the way of the Investigators.
H i AIDING THE j SLAYER.
f
Palace Hotel, • died at the Waldeck
Hospital yesterday, afternoon. A few
hours later Garnett was arrested in a
lodging-house in Oakland and was im
mediately brought to this city, where
he is now confined In the City Prison.
A charge of murder will be placed
against his name.
Major J. W. McClung, who was shot
down by Alexander L. Garnett
Wednesday evening in the apartments
of Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock Colt In the
Whitney. , He , then said that he was
going out to "bring Bradley," referring
to H. W. : Bradley of the law firm of
Bradley & McKirr*stry, who is an old
friend of Mrs. j Colt and has^ acted as
her legal adviser. Garnett left the ho
tel, presumably to go to the Hoffman
Cafe, where he \ evidently expected to
find Bradley. He returned later to
Mrs.- Coifs "rooms and was met by her
in the hallway, where they conversed
for a few. seconds,' and then,' after ask
ing for! his 'overcoat, he departed for
good.
= Why no attempt .was made to appre
hend Garnett on his second or third
visit to .Mrs. ; Coifs rooms, when two
physicians were close, at hand and the
hotel filled with guests and employes,
who would have, readily responded to
a call, is a matter that is yet to be de
termined by the police in their investi
gation.. . .
STATEMENT REVISED.
. Yesterday, .when Porter Garnett. gave
out I Mrs. Coit's statement to the pa
pers, he explained that It had been pre
pared by. him at Mrs. Coifs suggestion
and that they had together gone over
it carefully a number of times during
the night. Porter Garnett vouched for
its • correctness.. in every • detail. , Last
evening, however, he made the rounds
of the newspaper, offices with a. cor
rected -statement. the< main feature of
which was relative to ' Garnetf s actions
after, the shooting • and especially that
portion referring, to Garnett's leaving
Mrs. -.Coifs rooms the second time. He
sald.Mrs. Coit was, not sure that Gar
nett'went to the Hoffman Cafe, but re
membered his returning and demanding
his overcoat and" pistol and .that she
told him to "hurry and get out of here,"
Porter Garnett also gave a new version
of 'Alexander. Garnett's parting, with
the:pistol with which he wounded Mc-
ClungV. According to Mrs. Coifs cor
rected statement.! Immediately after the
shooting, '; McClung, ."although i_ badly
wounded, attempted to' leave her room.
Then > follows • an , interesting "story
that / Garnett had ' recovered his ' sober
senses and fully appreciated the serious
predicament "into » which he- had ' got
himself. V
Mrs/ CoitMri her statement tells 'how
Garnett-laid : down] his pistol; 1 with' the
remark 'that 'he "would 'go'for.'a doctor;
and 'at: once left the room, reappearing
shortly.' afterward/'; accompanied -*bv'- Dr.'
GARNETT : BRINGS DOCTOR:
i Yesterday - Mrs. - Coit, " through her
nephew, Porter Garnett, issued another
statement, .this time direct to, the pa
pers, -In ¦ which she ' presented quite a
new version of . the . affair, £ It reiter
ated her previous statement regarding
the abrupt entrance of Garnett to'her
apartments', of his : threats to kill her,
and of the ensuing struggle between
McClung and T3"arnett, which termin
ated in Garnett. breaking out of f.«
clutches of the major and shooting the
latter, down. Mrs. Coifs statemsnt
proceeds \ to recount , how j Garnett ' next
turned his weapon on .her and told
her. he was going to 1 kill her. She was
pleading .with him when McClung, who
had j been lying on the floor, . slowly
rose, a. movement that .was quickly
noted by Garnett, who turned .from,
her a moment: As 'he did so Mrs. Colt
said' she stepped over to the -telephone,
but ', Garnett anticipated her intentions
by -dashing the phone, from: her; hand.
¦McClung by ;this; time had opened his
waistcoat, revealing a blood-stained
shirt - front;, a sight • which, . she says,
startled Garnett. . She told the latter
that McClung; was. dying and appealed
to Garnett to go -for a doctor. -.
ISSUES ; NEW STATEMENT.
Dr. George sriiels, who attended Mc-
Clung before he. was removed to the
Waldeck Hospital, also related how he
had been summoned to Mrs. . Coit's
rooms, where he had been preceded by
Dr. '/WhHney. a close friend of Mrs.
Colt, "arid found McClung lying uncon
scious on the 'floor. .
to whom she made a statement, pub
lished yesterday, to the effect that Gar
nett had suddenly burst in upon, her
and after a few: remarks had drawn a
pistol and announced his intention . to
kill her, whereupon Major. McClung
jumped to the rescue and received a
bullet that was intended for her. Mc-
Clung fell : to the floor and then, she
said, she rushed to her telephone, but
was grabbed by Garnett, who, placed
his pistol to her breast and threatened
to shoot her if she made an. outcry... A
few seconds later, when it had dawned
upon Garnett's befuddled mind that he
had committed a crime, he suddenly
left the apartments of his former bene
factress and disappeared, she said.
Accused Is Found in Company With Mrs'
Coif s Attorney, Preparing Statement
for Mis Defense.
PRESIDENT'S QUIET DAY.
?asses Holiday With His Family and
Personal Friends.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— The Presi-
"Hall to the nation," concluded Mr.
3yran, "whatever her name, who leads
he world toward this high ideal for
he lasting good of all humanity."
Touching the theme of Thanksgiving
lay. Mr. Bryan spoke eloquently of the
natural resources and advantages of
;he United States, for which the peo
ple must return thanks to God, and of
:he ideals of liberty ana progress, for
which they must thank their English
progenitors. He urged the necessity
tt the present generation bequeathing
to posterity some gift commensurate
«ith the blessings they had received
*rom their ancestors and suggested that
;hey bequeath the ideal of international
imity, of which The Hague arbitration
ribunal treaty was a lasting monu
nent.
Mr. Bryan said he had profited ex
ceedingly by his visit to the Bank of
England. He wanted to call attention,
however, to the fact that the murderous
attack by an insane man with a re
volver en Mr. Kenneth Grahame. the
?prretary of the bank, occurred the day
before he called.
Th«» For-ech of the Embawador was
followed by an ovation to Mr. Bryan,
which lasted for Beveral minutes. Mr.
Bryan, in responding, paid a graceful
tribute to the English guests of the so
ciety. He said the highest compliment
he was able to pay was that in looking
over the tables he was unable to dis
tinguish the English from the Amer
ican women present. He thanked the
British nation for the kindly forbear
ance it had shown in receiving him —
the protectionists for letting him land
at all and the gold bugs for not having
deported him immediately after his ar
rival.
Embassador Choate. responding to
the. toast to his health, which was pro
posed in complimentary terms by Lord
Davey, took up the Duke of Marlbor
ough's reference to the mutual sympa
thies of the American and British peo
ples and said there had been reason
heretofore to suspect some such settle
ment on the part of the Duke, since he
had set an example in one form of the
Anglo-American alliance on which the
people of both countries were able to
look with entire approval.
Turning to Mr. Bryan Mr. Choate
said it was the custom of Americans,
torn from their native shores, to gather
together annually and return thanks.
The American Society in London had
now among them another of these ex
iles, for whom personally h r \ as Em
bas'sador. had hoen doing the best he
could. He had taken Mr. Bryan to visit
the Bank c.f England, where he was
ah!<? to study the fiscal question in its
native lair. Th» company would be
edified, said Mr. Choate, had they heard
Mr. Bryan cross-examining the gover
nor of the Bank of England. The Em
bassador said he had aided Mr. Bryan
to hear Mr. Asquith. Mr. Chamberlain,
Lord Gopchen and Lord Rosefcery, all
within forty-c-ight hours, so if his views
on the fiscal question were not utterly
mixed they would appreciate at least
the quality of the man they had before
them.
The Duke of Mariborough proposed a
toast to President Roosevelt and. ad
dressing himself to the interests which
England and_the United .State* have In
common, referred in" ferms of the high
est praise to President Roosevelt and
ppoke feelingly of the late Sir Michael
Herbert.
There were a number of notable
guests at the banquet, including the
Duke of Marlborough. Earl Denbigh of
the Honour-able Artillery Company, Lord
Davfy, General Ian Hamilton. Gilbert
Parker; Major Arthur Lee, formerly
military attache at Washington, now
civil Iof6 of the Admiralty; Sir Mon
tague I". Ommanney, all of the Embas
yadors in London, Miss Evans, Mrs.
Ronalds. Countess Denbigh, Major
Budworth of the Honourable Artillery
Company, ar.d several members of the
House <>f Commons.
LONDON, Nov. 25. — Thanksgiving
<5ay was celebrated by the American
Society ia London at a banquet given
at tbe Hotel Cecil to-night. There were
more than 400 covers. William J.
Bryan was the exiest of honor.
The Eseeches, while flavored by the
seasonable cheer and references to
Anglo-American friendliness, developed
particularly into a duel of repartee,
pood natured but almost sub-acid, be
tween Mr. Bryan and Embassador
Choate. , ¦'¦¦¦ ¦. f-
Dr. Herran. the Colombian Charge,
to-day received a dispatch from Gen
eral Reyes, the Colombian peace com
missioner, who left New Orleans last
night, saying that ' he would reach
Washington early Saturday morning.
With him is General Pedro Ospina.
Francesco de Manotas, who arrived at
New York to-day from Savanilla, is a
member of the commission sent by the
Governor of the State of Bolivar to the
United States to obtain information as
to the real state of affairs on the isth
mus. His departure was delayed at the
time his fellow-commissioners, who ar
rived In "Washington some days ago,
left Bolivar. He has no diplomatic
status.
DUE TO VARILLA'S URGING.
The action taken by the Panama
junta doubtless is due, in part at least,
to, the urgent representations of Minis
ter Varilla that prompt steps be taken
with a view to the ratification of the
treaty as soon as it shall reach Pan
ama. Last Saturday the Minister ca
bled a long synopsis of the treaty to
Panama, and since that time had been
in communication with the Govern
ment on the subject.
The Minister recounted with a" great
deal of gratification to-night the rapid
progress of events since the birth of
the new republic of Panama, three
weeks ago, ending to-day with the dec
laration of the junta to ratify the Pan
ama canal treaty.
Minister Varilla calls attention to the
fact that the message received by him
is signed not only by the members of
the Junta, but also by the Minister of
Foreign Relations, which, he says, gives
the communication the character of a
formal decree of the Government.
"PANAMA, Nov. 26.— Varilla, Minis
ter Plenipotentiary of the Republic of
Panama, ¦ Washington — In view of the
approbation given by the delegates?,
Amador and Boyd (the commissioners
who were sent by. the Government of
Panama to confer, with Varilla) to the
Hay-Varilla treaty, you are authorized
to notify officially the Government of
the United States that as soon as the
document is received by tne junta of
the Government of the republic oi Pan
ama it will be ratified and signed.
"J. A. ARANGO.
"TOMAS ARIAS,
"MANUEL ESPINOSA.
"Countersigned by the Minister of
Foreign Relations.
"DE LA ESPARILLA."
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— Official
confirmation of the determination of
the Panama Government to ratify the
Hiiy-Varilla Panama canal treaty was
received by Minister Varilla at 2:S0
o'clock to-day. The State Department
being closed to-day, Varilla took the
news informally to Loomis, who is act
ing in the absence of Hay. The Min
ister's dispatch follows:
NOTIFICATION FROM JUNTA.
PANAMA. Nov. 26.— The junta, com
posed o Jose Augustin Arango, To
nias Arias and Manuel Espinosa, held
a meeting this morning, all the Minis
ters of state and Councillors being
present, and unanimously decided to
ratify the canal treaty as soon as it is
received here, and authorized Minister
Bunau-Varilla officially, to transmit the
junta's decision to the United States
Government. The decision of the junta
was received with great joy tnrough
out the isthmus, without distinction of
parties or classes. Rear Admirals
Walker and Glass have been informed
of the action taken by the junta.
In four or five days the helium lines
grew brighter and in another week the
spectrum of helium was positively
biazing in the hermetically sealed
tubes that hod been filled with the pure
emanations, or gaseous output, of ra
dium. In other words, one element
had been literally seen to change into
another of a quite different nature un
der the eyes of the experimenter.
What is this, asked Sir William, but
an actual case of that transmutation
of one element into another in which
ancient alchemists believed when they
sought to change lead into gold and in
cidentally founded the modern science
of chemistry?
Editorially commenting on Ramsay's
great discovery, the Daily Mail says:
"It is as though gold were to change
into iron of Its own accord and com
pletely upset the laws of the old chem
istry- No wonder that, with this amaz
ing fact before them, scientists are
hopeful of reading the riddle of the
universe."
TRANSFORMATION TO HELIUM
LONDON, Nov. 26.— What may prove
an epoch-making discovery in the field
of chemical research is announced by
Sir William Ramsay with regard to ths
mysterious substance radium, which
for two years past has been puzzling
men of science.
Sir William Ramsay, whose name i3
associated with that of Lord Ray!e"gh
in the study of argon and helium, said
at a meeting of the London Institution
that he had observed and definitely
ascertained that radium ?ave off heavy
gas, which slowly changes ui'.o helium
n.nd then vanishes.
The importance of this discovery,
which has been suspected by scientists
for pome months past, lies, according
to the Daily Mail, in the fact that it
appears to revolutionize all old theories
about chemistry. Hitherto chemistry
has been based on the theory that the
elements are constant and that one
cannot change into another, but now it
is seen that radium of its own accord
and without external interference turns
into_a totally 'different _ element.; .^ '
LONG RESEARCH REWARDED. 7
In his lecture Sir William Ramsay
described how, after a long search Into
the problem of what became of the
minute* particles with which radium
was always parting, he was quite lately
rewarded.
Besides its other manifestations ra
dium constantly gives off an emanation
which seems to behave in all respects
like heavy gas. It can be collected in
tiny flasks, measured and weighed and
used to display the characteristic prop
erties of radium, but it is not perma
nent. In about a month it entirely dis
appears.
What becomes of it? Sir William
Ramsay has caught this emanation in
the act of vanishing. He found that
after it had been collected for a cou
ple of days its spectrum, which pre
viouely was entirely unlike any yet
studied, began to display the typical
yellow line of helium gas. first known
and christened by its constant presence
in the sun.
Special Ca.ble(rr«tn to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Engages in a Duel of Rep
artee With Embassador
Choate.
Favorable Action by Ameri
can Senate Will Now
Insure Waterway.
Mysterious Substanca Gives
Off a Gas That Turns
to Helium.
Ketoaskan Is Guest
at Thanksgiving
Banquet
Notifies Washington
That Agreement Is
Satisfactory.
Learns That One Ele
ment May Change
to Another.
Experimenter With
Radium Makes
Discovery.
American Colony
Entertains in
London,
Panama Junta Acts
Before Treaty
Arrives.
STATESMEN
OF ENGLAND
HEAR BRYAN
UPSETS OLD
THEORIES OF
SCIENTISTS
CANAL PAGT
IS RATIFIED
IN ADVANCE
/£*\ tD WBATSSH.
.( Yoreout made at Eaa Praa
cltoo. for thirty hours ending
tolflxirlit, Kovtmtti 27:
San Prandsoo and Tlelslty—
ralx rrlday; Ugrht northwest
O. E. -WTLLSOir,
&ooal Poreoaster.
Alcazsx— "A Poor B«l*Uoii.? . \~
California— "At the Old Ctom
Roadi." \ • *
Central — "Xldalglxt In China
town." \,
Colombia — vixartal* Harn*d la'
"Iris." .
Placher's— "Bubes ana Boies."
Grand — "Ben Hut."
Orphean — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
SAN FBANCISCO, FBIDAYi NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 180.
MAJOR M'CLUNG DIES OF HIS WOUND
AND HIS SLAYER, ALEXANDER GARNETT,
IS ARRESTED BY POLICE IN OAKLAND
The San Francisco CallTo Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take • Laxative Bromo t Quinine - Tablets; .v AH
druggists refund the. money if it falls to cure.
£U W. Grove's Elsnatura Is on each box. 25c *
. , WASHINGTON, ; Nov. 26f-I t . : has
been arranged at the Navy Department
that the battleship Missouri, ¦ now. in
Newport News, shall be put Into com
mission on December 1 and be attached
lo the battleship squadron of the North
Atlantic lleet.
Battleship Missouri to Join Fleet.'
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 26.-M3eneral
Ruiz Reyes, '.representing the •Govern
ment of Colombia, who, is on .his way
to Washington to intercede in behalf
oX his Government In connection with
the recognition of the republic of Pan
ama, arrived here to-day on the steam
er Beverly. General Reyes is accom
panied by General Peclio " Aspinal,
General George Holquin and General
Carbellero. They boarded the Beverly
at Port Limon and came 'direct to this
city. General Reyes and party did not
Wants America to Permit Colombia
to ' Betake Panama, '">-¦ '•] •
MISSION OF RUIZ" REYES.
Jt.is predicted that Dr. Amador will
be elected theiflrst President of the re
public by[an overwhelming *m&jority^-
Isthmians hall Dr. Amador as the
benefactor of Panama, the principal
factor in the work for independence,
a thorough patriot, a great administra
tor and honest and upright in all his
dealings. • ..
PANAMA, Nov. 26.— El Cronista, an
old newspaper of the Conservative
school, publishes a long article oh ; the
career of Dr. Manuel Amador, Minister
of Finance of the republic of Panama,
In whlch.it Is proclaimed that the doc
tor is the only possible candidate for
the Presidency of the republic.
iEl.Lapiza, a paper which has always
advocated the doctrines of the Liberal
party, ' publishes to-night an article on
the same subject and along the same
lines. ! •¦ f V .«
AMADOU WILL BE PRESIDENT.
Press of Panama Is "Booming" Him
. for the Place.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— Among the
passengers who arrived to-day on the
steamer Adirondack from Savanllla
Colombian Agent Manotas Discusses
Isthmian Situation.
SAYS WAE IS PBOBABLE.
go to any of the hotels. They drove
to the Louisville and Nashville offices
and bought tickets through to New
York, and made every effort to avoid
publicity. The general had a satchel
full of Colombian gold and paid for. the
tickets In the coin of that republic. *"' "
General Reyes and party to-night left
for Washington, where they will, ar
rive on Sunday morning. General
Reyes gave out an interview in which
he was going to see the President with
his colleagues arid hoped to ' have the
United States decide to keep its hands
off the isthmus and allow the Colom
bians to regain Panama. If the United
States would not agree to this then the
Colombians would march an army of
100,000 men across the mountains to
Panama, and, meeting only the 2000
Panamaians, would soon .'regain ,the
isthmus. Then the United States! ' b.e
said, would have to negotiate with Co
lombia or build the Nicaragiie 'canai!
He said the Colombians had no thought
of declaring war against ..the United
States, because they saw it would be a
futile move. ; ,;,
The Royal Mail steamer Trent return
ed here to-day from ports on the coast.
She landed some of the Bolivarlan
Commissioners at Savanllla on Novem
ber 21, shortly cfter the arrival of the
decree closing that port to vessels to
and from Colon' and sailed thence for
Cartagena, where she was allowed to
communicate with the shore only be
cause she had the Cartagena Commis
sioners from Colon on board. The au
thorities refused to clear the Trent for
Colon, but suggested that she clear for
Port Llmon, Costa Rica, which the
Trent accepted, knowing there would
be no difficulties at Colon. No mails,
passengers or freight from Savanllla or
Cartagena, destined for Colon, were
permitted to be taken on board.
It is said from a good source of in
formation that much bitter recrimina
tion Is still Indulged In at Cartagena
against the American Consul there.
When on the point of going on board
the Trent et Cartagena, in company
with the captain of that vessel, he was
hindered by the police and turned back.
It is understood that the Consul Is pro
tecting against the Indignities to which
he has been subjected.
The German steamer Scotia, on her
arrival at Cartagena, was not allowed
to communicate with the shore and
turned back.
vessels having called at Panaman
ports shall be refused admission to
ports of Bolivar. o
"Panamans have declared that they
could put 10,000 men into the field
against us. Well, that is certainly so.
The next day we could put 100,000 in
the field against them."
"The conduct of the United State3
has been a surprise to us. We did not
imagine that the United States would
do that which she has done. I have nut
been to Bogota, but when I left Colom
bia the feeling against the United
States was not strong. I do not think
there Is any danger. When I sailed nj
one knew exactly what action had been
taken by the United States. The ac
tion of the United States has been
against the treaty of 1846. The Govern
ment of this country guarantees the
peace of the isthmus. Under ?hat
treaty the United States had nq right
to prevent the landing of Colombian
troops to put down an insurrection and
to restore peace.
"The United States has caused all the
trouble in Panama. It is she who
made the republic of Panama and she
ought not to prevent the landing of our
troops. Colombia does not want war;
she wants to retake Panama.
He did not care to discuss the possi
bility that an attempt to land Colom
bian troops in Panama might mean a
clash with the United States. He con
tinued:
"Colombia does not want to make
war on Panama," he said. "She wishes
to make arrangements looking toward
a settlement. . .She. wishes to regain
Panama, and, if she does not, war is
probable. To say whether she will
make war is very hard to answer. War
with the United States is not to be con
eldered."
While he was not willing to talk re
garding his mission or to discuss what
steps would be taken by the commis
sion, he was willing to speak of condi
tions in Colombia and the feeling down
there when he sailed eleven days ago.
Manotas said he could not tell Just
what action would be taken to obtain
a settlement of the Panama situation
more favorable to Colombia, as his In
structions had not yet reached him
and. he had ym. to confer with his fel
low commissioners. General Dionlsio
Jiminez, Pedro R. Valez and Dr. An
tonio R. Blanco,: who arrived from
Panama via New Orleans some days
ago. They bear sealed Instructions
from the Government at Bogota, He
denied the report that Colombia was
now so desperate that she would seek
annexChwi to Panama and move the
capital to Panama.
was Francesco de F. Alariotas, a lawyer
sent by the republic of Colombia to the
United States in relation to canal af
fairs. He will go direct to Washing
ton.
"He was in a frightful state of ex^
cltement and talked and ran*about in
the craziest manner possible. I had
not heard of the shooting affair at the
Palace and simply thought to myself
this man has certainly lost hi* mind.
"I have known Garnett for some time
and have never before seen anything
about him to indicate that his mind
was affected. . However, he certainly
was a crazy man when he .walked in
here." : ' - __
John Donnelly confirms the state
ment that Garnett immediately after
the shooting- rushed into the Hoffman
Cafe, with every appearance of a crazy
man. Donnelly said: "When Garnett
came Into the cafe, he looked to me
as though he had gone crazy. He
rushed up to me and said, 'I have done
something, but I- don't, know what I
have done." Then he dragged me-out
to the cigar stand In the front of the
cafe, and rushed up to the nlckel-ln
the-slot machine, rudely pushed a
man aside and commenced putting
nickels in the machine. He then
dashed back into the cafe and com
menced taking drinks.
-aiUNICH, Bavaria, Nov. 26.— The
American colony celebrated Thanks
giving day with a banquet to-night, at
which more than 200 were present. A
dance brought the celebration to a
close.
that the law takes its usual and proper
course.",^ ;.W. L
ACTS WILDLY AT CAPE.
ROME, Nov. 26.— For the first time on
record a special service was held on
Thanksgiving day In the Catholic
church of San Silvestre, Monslgneur
Robert Seton of Newark, N. J., titular
Archbishop of Hellopolis, giving the
benediction. The church was filled, all
the members of the English pilgrimage
now In Rome being present.
VIENNA, Nov. 26.— United States
Embassador Storer and Mrs. Storer
held their first Thanksgiving day re
ception at the embassy this afternoon.
About 200 were present, including a
large representation of the American
colony of Vienna, a number of tourists
and all the members of the staff of the
embassy.
FLORENCE, Italy, Nov. 26— In cele
bration of Thanksgiving day services
were held in both the Protestant and
Catholic churches attended by the
members of the American colony. A
banquet was held to-night and among
those present were Samuel L. Clemens
("Mark Twain"), Consul J. A. Smith,
Thomas Ford, George Gregory and Ad- I
rniral Watson.
BERLIN, Nov. 2«.— Three hundred
members of the American colony here
attended a Thanksgiving banquet at
the Kalserhof to-night. Embassador
Tower, who presided, proposed toasts
to President Roosevelt, Emperor Wil
liam and the German roy3l family.
Professor "W. A. Brown of Union Sem
inary delivered an address on "Amer
ican Ideals." The felicitations of the
colony were cabled to President Roose
velt. Dancing followed the banquet.
Thanksgiving Day Observed by the
American Colonies, - . ~* -
IN ETJKOPEAJ-T CITIES.
dent spent the greater part of Thanks
giving day with his family and per
sonal friends, devoting only a few min
utes In the early forenoon to the du
ties of his office. He left the White
House at 10 o'clock in a carriage, ac
companied by Mrs. Roosevelt. They
were driven to the suburbs, where they
joined a number of friends in an ex
tended horseback ride, from which they
did not return until luncheon. The af
ternoon was spent at the White House.
The day was quietly observed
throughout the city. Neither house of
Congress was in session and all the de
partments were closed.
Continued From Fage 1, Column 1.
Congressman Meets "With Accident.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.—Represent
ative J. S. Richardson lost his footing
while alighting frc-m a street car to-day
and was thrown heavily to the ground.
His right hip was sprained and he wa3
severely shaken.
ENGLISH STATESMEN HEAR BRYAN.
Multi-Millionaire Dies Suddenly.
NEWARK, N. J., Nov. 26.— Elisha
Gaddis, aged 77 years, a multi-million
?\Jre, died suddenly to-day.
•*.- .;,
MONROVIA, Nov. 26.— The Badeau
block, one of the largest business
buildings in this city, was totally de
stroyed by flre shortly before midnight
to-night. The fire originated in the fur
niture and undertaking establishment of
J. J. Renaker, spread to W. B. Case's
barber shop* and J. H. Frey's harness
store, destroying all of the buildings.
Case had a rooming house on the sec
ond floor and lost everything. The to
tal loss is about $15,000; insurance,
$3500.
Monrovia Suffers Loss by Fire.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.— President
Roosevelt's annual message to Con
gress, which will be presented on the
opening day of the regular session, on
December 7, Is nearly completed, and
by next week it will be In printed form.
Most of the text is in the hands of the
public printer, but there are one or two
subjects on which the President has not
reached a decision as to how he should
present them to Congress. One 6t
these, it is sa!d. is the agitation to re
duce the tariff on all the products from
the Philippines, a bill to that effect
having failed of passage in the last ses
sion at the last moment.
Secretary Root ana Governor Trft,
who will succeed Root, have urged Ihe
President, it is said, to impress upon
Congress the necessity for this legis
lation. The President, on the other
hand, is represented as being undecided
whether It would be well to raise a fur
ther tariff agitation at this time so
close upon the heels of the Cuban reci
procity legislation. The question of re
ducing the tariff schedules for the Phil
ippines is one on which the party lead
ers differ widely. It has been proposed
by a bill now in Congress to abolish
all Philippine duties, except on sugar
and tobacco, which would be reduced
50 per cent of the present tariff rate.
Governor Taft has urged that legisla
tion of this nature is necessary to de
velop the Philippine Industries, and
whatever the President may recom
mend doubtless will cause debate and
opposition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 26.— The
steamer Tees arrived to-day with news
that the mystery surrounding the dis
appearance of two Japanese fishermen
at Rivers Inlet last winter has been
solved. .' ¦¦;:¦; C
It was supposed that the Japanese
had been drowned, but now four In
dians are under arrest/ charged with
murder. It is stated that they made a
confession to the Rev. Dr. Large at
Bella Bella.
Previously a number of burglaries
had been committed at Good Hope and
these Japanese, it. is said,' knew that
Indians were involved. The Indians
say they did the killing to avoid pos
sible arrest.
Two Fishermen Killed to
Prevent Action by the
Polic9.
Prcposed Philippine Tarifr
Measure Is Causing Him
Deep Study
"I made up my mind that I would
not let a matter of that kind drive from
me an old and valued friend. I went to
her rooms in the Palace Hotel intending
to apologize for what I had said before.
"Major McClung was there at the
time. I did not want to make my ex
planation before a £hird party, though
Major McClung had always been a
friend of mine. I asked him to retire,
but he refused. I guess he saw that I
had been drinking. I objected because
he would nc-t go, and I may have said
something. He started to put me out,
and I drew my revolver, which I' al-
Garnett said that he had been in bad
health for some time and had been
drinking heavily. He admitted that the
story told by Mrs. Coit concerning a
quarrel with her over a game of crib
bag e was true and his drunken condi
tion was the cause of the trouble. Con
tinuing Garnett said:
Garnett was very much unstrung and
looked as if he had slept but little. He
chewed or smoked incessantly, and
while he was very nervous^ it was the
nervousness that follows drinking and
the loss of sleep, rather than that of
fear. He seemed to have no worry as
to the outcome of the case. He talked
in short sentences, but seemed to have a*
very clear idea of what had happened.
He repeated many times that he was
drunk at the time of the shooting, and
that Major McClung had tried to put
him out of the room and that the pistol
was .discharged in the struggle. Then
he claimed that he asked Mrs. Coit to
shoot him and handed her the pistol,
and that he was the one who called the
doctor before any one else summoned
him.
SLAYER IS UNSTRUNG.
There was no objection upon the part
of any one, and Garnett and Bradley
accompanied the two officers to the
•Oakland City Prison, while Fontaine,
the' third man of the trio, went his way.
"Mr. Garnett would have given him
self up to-morrow morning. We were
just talking with him about the mat
ter," said the man who was writing as
he put the paper upon which he was at
work in his pocket. The speaker then
announced himself as H. W. Bradley,
attorney, and friend of all parties.
The information that Garnett was in
Oakland was sent to Police Captain
Petersen, who immediately detailed
Sergeant Green and Detective Kyte
upon the case. The Information was
accurate, for it took them/ to 804 San
Pablo avenue, a small lodging-house
just above Twenty-second street. The
officers had no difficulty in finding the
room and when they entered, three
men were smoking violently, while one
was writing busily.
"Who is Mr. Garnett?" demanded
Detective Kyte, and two men at once
pointed to a small, nervous man who
made no protestation.
"I'm an officer, and I guess we want
you," said Kyte.
CLOSETED WITH ATTORNEY.
tion of a document, which the attorney
took charge of when Garnett was tak
en Into custody. It was admitted to be
a statement of Garnett's side of -the
case and later Bradley issued 'a short
summary of the statement, as follows:
"I had no animosity toward or griev-'
ance against Major McClung. I have
always considered him a great friend.
I had no real grievance of any kind
against Mrs. Coit and consider her my
best friend. The pistol being a self
cocker, and being cocked, as I general
ly carry i.t, it went off In the scuffle
with the major, while he was trying to
take it away from me, and put me out
_pf the room. I deplore more than I
can express this most unfortunate af
fair. I was under the -influence of
stimulants when I entered Mrs. Colt's
apartments at the Palace Hotel. I
have been in bad health for months."
\',Ip w&s. half past 11 last night when 'a j
so-called' identification of 'Alexander '
Garnett was made. : Captain of Detec
tives Martin, Attorney Bradley and pf. r
Whitney came / out from .Mrs. Colt's,
apartments, accompanied by a maid,
..who gaVe her name as Nora Keanealy..
V "Is that theman you saw in Mrs.,
Gpit's rooms?? "asked Captain Martin;
of <the cirl/ :' .' ' " \ '
that is th'e man," . replied the!
'maid! as she faced Garnett.'•
;/"y6u did not see any shooting in Mrs. ;
Colt's rooms?" asked Garnett ' of "the:
girl. •"/;
"No, I did not," replied the maid. ,
"That's all right," replied Garnett,
and the "identification" came to an
end.
Captain of Detectives Martin in
structed Detective Ryan to take Gar
nett to the City Prison and lock him
up and the officer departed with his
prisoner. The elevator In which the
assassin of Major McClung and his
"guard descended to the ground floor of
the^Palace Hotel was filled with a gay
crowd of men and women, but none
knew v the identity; of the man; who
stood, beside the detective. The officer
and', his prisoner boarded . a car ¦ and
quickly reached •.the' 1 ' Hall of Justice,
and at midnight Garnett was locked In
a cell. .••¦¦• • * ' »
Dr. Whitney said last night that Mrs.,
Coit was in a very ' nervous condition
and that it .would not be wise for her.
to have identified Garnett, and Captain
of Detectives Martin; was satisfied with
that statement and did not insist on the
identification 'required' by law.
When Garnett was arrested by De-
Arriving on this side of the bay De
tective Ryan took his prisoner first to
the Palace Hotel, which. was reached in
a few : minutes. after. 2 10 o'clock. The
two proceeded "directly to the apart
ments ofj. Mrs.*-. Coit, where it was the
evident plan . to "have § Garnett identi
fied by Mrs; Coit as the slayer of Ma
jor McClung. . ' ! '"¦ • ,
Captain of' Detectives Martin and At
torney Bradley reached tHe hotel a few
minutes after. Garnett was taken there
and, though. Ryan insisted that Mrs.
Coit should. identify/Garnett as the man
who shot Major McClung\in her pres
ence, this" important and necessary de
tail'of the'law was not accomplished.
' All requests that -Mrs. Coit be seen
were met •• with a 1 refusal by Miss Ffi>s
rine Green, a, friend. The lady informed
Detective Ryan* that; by order of Dr. de
Vecchf, no one v \vas allowed to see' Mrs.
Coit. Attorney. -Bradley, however, did
not hesitate to enter Mrs. Coit's rooms
arid held a long' ! conversation with her.
Then he called in Captain of Detectives
Martin, and finally. Dr. Whitney was
sent for: to join In the consultation.
.: In tlie meantime Detective-Ryan and
.Garnett .waited in the corridor of the
hotel facing Mrs."; Coit's apartments.
'Garnett; was ignorant of the death of
Major McClung until 'he was Informed
by-a Call reporter of the fact, and he
simply replied, j"Qh, that Is all right."
¦ Garnett was in a very nervous condi
tion.- and ¦started' 'to. speak and k then
would .answer.^ all questions by saying:
'. 4 "i; don't propose .to talk any more.!'
For/ nearly two/hours Garnett was
kept in the corridor, of the hotel, while.
Attorney Bradley/, and Captain of De
tectives, Martin consulted in the apart
,ments.of Mrs. Coit.'. Two ladles and^a*
gentleman: also called and ,were admit-;
ted /.to Mrs. Colt's rooms .- and \ finally.
Miss Florlne Green came out' and. said
that "Attorney Bradley was in 'charge'
thewhole thing." \ > -. ! -;
• \ 1DENTIPICATI0N MADE. " ; Jj
BACK TO THE PALACE.
"There is one thing I want to deny
positively, and that is that I tried to
shoot Mrs. Coit. ¦'. She has always been
my friend and is a distant relative. I
went to her rooms to apologize. After
the shooting, instead of trying to shoot
her.yl handed her the pistol and asked
her to shoot me. I have no ill feeling
and never did have against either her
or Major McClung."
H. W. Bradley made a statement of
his connection with the matter, say-
Ing:
"I am the attorney of Mrs. Coit and
the friend of Garnett. We became ac
quainted through the business affairs
of Mrs. , Colt, with which we both had
to do. A friend of Garnett came to my
house to-day and told me that Gar
nett wanted to see me and he took me
to him in Oakland. We had a little
talk over the affair and I advised him
to give himself up to-morrow. This he
had agreed to do. He told me his story,
which I have put into a short state
ment."
BRADLEY'S STATEMENT.
"I took a roijjm in a lodging-house on
Washington street and slept until this
morning. I went out and got a cup of
tea for breakfast and : while I was
drinking it I read the story of the
shooting In the newspapers.
"I determined to send for my friend
H. W. Bradley, with whom I had be
come • acquainted while transacting
some of Mrs. Coit's business. I felt
that I could trust him. I got Mr.. Fon
taine to go to his home in Alameda
and bring him to Oakland. We got the
room in which I was arrested and
were talking the affair over when the
Oakland police stepped in. I had de
termined to give myself up to the San
Francisco police to-morrow and tell the
whole story.
As he said this he held out his left
hand, upon which there were a few
marks which might have been caused
by his hand becoming jammed against
the edge of a trigger guard.
"When I heard the. report," continued
Garnett, "and saw Major McClung fall
I knew that he had been shot by ray
revolver. I became very much excited
and handed the revolver to Mrs. Coit
and begged her to shoot me.
"Then I saw that everything was in
ah uproar and no one seemed to know
what, to do. I thought of calling a doc
tor, and it was I who brought one to
the aid of Major McClung.
"TWn I fled. I thought that it was
wealth and society against a poor man
and I determined to get away. I at
once took' a narrow-gauge route ferry
boat and boarded the Alameda train.
I found myself somewhere in Alameda
and took an electric car for Oakland.
It was about midnight when I got here.
ASKED TO ' BE SHOT.
ways carry, it was a self-cocking
weapon, and I always carried it ready
for action. There was a struggle, and
It was during this that the pistol-was
discharged. I did not intend to fire it",
and if you don't believe that it went oft"
during a struggle, look at my hand."
v, Soon after. the death occurred at the
sanatorium every possible effort was
made; to prevent the body from being
removed - to the ¦ public morgue, as Is
, customary,. In cases of murder. The
.fact that the victim was a son-in-law
of, a late Coroner, Beverly Cole, was
given /consideration and courtesies :
asked. on that account. Coroner Lelandi
was isent f or and visited -the sanator- I
ium, 'where he had a conference with >
Dr. ; Shiels. After deliberation it was
decided to have the autopsy surgeon
perform the autopsy where the death
and, to then permit the ¦ re-'
moval of the body to an undertaking
.parlor. . .
¦/District Attorney Byington was risked
last evening fas ¦ to the statement • se
cured ¦ from Major McClung by Bond
and .Warrant Clerk Ward, and if it was
not theusual custom to inform a per
son from whom a "dying' statement",
was required that dissolution was im
minent. He said:
"It is not the province of the bond
and warrant clerk or of my office to in
form a Wounded person that he or she
is likely to die when the doctor in
charge of the case is present. In this
case Dr. Shiels was the best Judge as
to the condition of the wounded man,
and the bond and warrant clerk could
only state the law as to any statement
being voluntary.
r "I assume that the police have' se
cured statements from all parties con-;
"cerned in ; this matter and it does not
make any material difference as to the
value of this' statement." ' -• >•
"I will certainly see that Garnett Is
charged with murder and that he is
prosecuted. ., All this .talk of an attempt
being made r to ! hush up 'the" case ' is ab
surd. As District Attorney 1 1 will see
AUTOPSY AT HOSPITAL.
"We went Into the room where Major
McClung was lying in bed. Dr. Shiels
told him who I was and what my offi
cial position was. Major McCiung then
asked me what I desired. I told him
that we wanted a statement from him
as to the shooting, which we would use
as a memorandum in case of his re
covery. I then said to him, 'But if you
are unfortunate and this injury should
prove fatal, this statement will be used
as evidence.' I further said: 'This state
ment to be a valid dying statement
should be voluntary on your part; do
you think you will recover?'
"Major McClung then said: 'The doc
tor knows more about that than I do.
Doctor, don't you think 1 have a fight
ing chance?'
"Dr. Shiels replied, 'Every man has a
fighting chance.' Major McClung then
said, 'Doctor, don't, you think I "will
get over this?' and Dr. Shiels replied,
'You are. shot very, badly. I will have
to wait.' I. then took the statement of
Major McClung."
When a "dying statement" is re
quired to be used as evidence It is nec
essary under the law to inform the
person from whom the statement is de
sired that his or her condition is such
that death is likely to take place and
that the statement must be voluntary
and with the knowledge that death is
probably near.
.According to the explanation made
by Bond and Warrant Clerk Ward, Maf
Jor McClung was not informed that his
injury \.was likely to- terminate fatally,
but .the. matter was left in doubt.
"I went up to the Waldeck Sanato
rium to secure a' statement from Ma
jor McClung. I met Dr. Shiels on en
tering the hospital. I told Dr. Shiels
that I desired to secure a statement
from the wounded man. Dr. Shiels
said to me, 'I think he is all in, but I
really don't like to tell him so. I have
intimated it to him a number of times,
but I fear the shock of telling him.'
USELESS AS EVIDENCE.
Bond and Warrant Clerk Ward was
asked last evening to explain why he
did not take what is known as a "dy
ing statement" from Major McClung,
and he said:
"My name is J. W. McClung. My
residence is at S57 Post street, in this
city. Last night about 5 o'clock I was
going out from a call when Mr. A. G.
Garnett came in. He, Garnett, was
asked to go away by Mrs. Lillian Coit.
He pulled a pistol and said he was
going to kill her. I teld him to go away,
and he said 'G— d— you. Til kill you.'
Then he shot me once. He" was wildly
drunk. I was simply making a call.
This occurred in the Palace Hotel. I
hope to recover from this injury. I
can't add anything more.
"J. W. M'CLUNG.
"GEORGE FRANKLIN SHIELS,
"LOUIS H. WARD,
"CHARLES J. CODY."
Two hours 'before Major McClung
died a statement was secured from him
by Bond and' Warrant Clerk Louis H.
Ward, in the presence of Mrs. McClung,
Dr. G. P., Shiels and Detective C. J.
Cody. This was nc-t in the nature of "a
dying statement," and it is entirely val
ueless as evidence against Alexander
Cjarnett. '.':';
The statement made by Major Mc-
Clung is as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26, 1903.
Garnett told the prison-keeper that
he wanted a good soft bed, as he had
not slept much the previous night and
also asked for other conveniences. At
first he seemed disinclined to talk, but
finally answered all questions that
were put to him and even posed for a
flashlight photograph. He seemed to
be suffering from the after effects of
drink and his hand was unsteady. . He
was registered on the detinue book
and then placed in a cell on the felons'
side. Detective Ryan gave strict in
structons that the prisoner be care
fully watched, that he would have no
opportunity of attempting suicide.
McCLUNG'S STATEMENT.
Detective Ryan arrived with his pris
oner at the Hall of Justice shortly be
fore midnight and went immediately to
the City Prison. Garnett was searched
and about $18 was found in his posses
sion. Ryan is puzzled to know how he
secured this, but the prisoner 1 refused
absolutely t6 give him any information.
There were also three stickpins and a
lock of hair wrapped in tin foil. Three
photographs of . a woman were taken
from his wallet, but when asked who
she was Qarnett replied that he thought
he could have women friends without
telllng.people' about them. •
tectlve Ryan he had $20 in gold in his
pocket. . He was asked where he got the
money, and he replied that he had been
gambling: a few days ago and won the
coin, but refused to say where he won
the money.
ASKS FOR SOFT BED.
Mystery Veiling disap
pearance of Japanese
Cleared.
Continued From Fage 1, Column 7.
President Is Stili Unde
cided on Several
Subjects.
ANNUAL MESSAGE
IS NEARLY READY
INDIANS TELL
OF THEIR CRIME
THE SAN FEAKCISGO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
Major McClungDiesofWs Wounds,
and His Slayer, Alexander Garnett,
Is Arrested by Police in Oakland
Continued From Fage 1, Column 3.
PANAMA CANAL TREATY RATIFIED.
2
"CAPTAIN SHARKEY."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x' c ! u s i v e
Iiigh-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch Stores. Xo Agents.
Exclusive Clothiers
1 4
mean^s so much in
the betterment of
correct fashions.
Our ready clothes
are far superior
thsn most tailors make.
€> ©
K e a r n y Street
T h u r 3 o w Block
' | ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\ BRAIN FOOD . lj
• I Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
[ gested.
Nearly every one will admit that as a
I nation we eat too much meat and too
f little of vegetables and the grains.
For business men, office men and
clerks and, in fact, every one engaged
in sedentary or Indoor occupations,
grains, milk and vegetables are much
more healthful.
i | Only men engaged in a severe out-
.1 door manual labor can live on a heavy
{ meat diet and continue in health.
As a general rule, meat once a day
! is sufficient for all classes of men,
, women and children, and grains, fruit
and vegetables should constitute the
bulk of .food eaten.
But many of the most nutritious
foods are difficult of digestion and it is
of no use to advise brain workers to
| eat largely of grains and vegetables
i where the digestion is too weak to aa-
simllate them properly.
It is always best to get the best re-
sults from our food that some simple
; and harmless digestive should be tak-
j en after meals to assist the relaxed di-
i gestive organs, and several years' ex-
| perience has proven Stuart's Dysp«p-
[ sla Tablets to be a very safe, pleasant
and effective digestive and a remedy
which may be taken daily with the
best results.
! Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hard-
ly be called a patent medicine, as they
do not act on the bowels nor any par-
ticular organ, but only on the food
! eaten. They supply what weak stom-
1 achs lack, pepsin diastase, and by
i stimulating the gastric glands ln-
1 crease the natural secretion of hydro-
chloric acid.
J People who make a daily practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspep-
; sia Tablets after each meal are sure to
; have perfect digestion, which means
perfect health.
; There is no danger of forming an ia-
I jurious habit, as the tablets contain
! absolutely nothing but natural diges-
tives; cocaine, morphine and similar
drugs have no place in a stomach med-
icine, and Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are certainly the best known and most
popular of all stomach remedies.
Ask your druggist for a fifty-cent
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and after a week's use note the Im-
provement In health, appetite and
nervous energy.
/rfSfT^v Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Ms ,jt
MORMON* BISHOP'S PILLd
ifi^urJS*.*?** have been In use over fifty
firtJi i? »>£& J' ear3 b y tile lead" 9 °* tilt »
fc*w5pU??»U Mormon Church ar.d their
ci^KSyvvS&S followers. Positively cur« tn-»
»V «l'/!j£*if ' worH t cases In old and yountf
. \i5i™»Allaf arising from effects of •«!.'-
*SKl3>«3f abuse. dl*Klpatlon. «xc»jsej or
! «B»«p8r cigarette smokln*. C-ir« Lost
>2s2s4C?' Manhood, Impoteacy. L*»t
i ¦**¦£» Power, Nlsht Lotses. Xmojxi-
' nla. Pains la Back. Evil Desires. Lara* Back,
' Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnew to M»r-
, ry. Loaa of 8emen. ~ Varicoccyj or Cob-
¦ Mlpatlon. Stop Ner 5 O vous J, w . ltcl i ln * o!
i Kyelids. Effect. Irap»rt
i »l«or and potenc>CE/VTS t o every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure la at hand. R*.
I itore small, undeveloped organ*. Stimulate
: the brain and nerve centers: COc a box; e tor
! $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to curt or
i money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars tne.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Em, , t
Ban FraneiKO. Cat GRANT DRUG CO.. 3j*
and 40 Third «t. .
CUTLlERif
EVERY BLAIEATOANTED
T»Tk7TOlJl?C FOR BARBERS. BA-
HrSlJolljlO ker ». bootblacKS. bath-
Uli UUI1UU houses, billiard tablbs.
brewers bookbinders, candy-nvaker*. canners.
dyeis, £our rail!*, foundries. laundrl*». paper-
hangers, printer?, painters. sho» factories,
*tab! fl njpr tar-roofers, tsmer*. tatJors. etc / .
BUCIIA2TAIT SEO3.. ' £
Brugfr Maanlactuxers. 600 Sacrnm»nto SX,
VA/. X. HESS.
Notary Public and A«omey-at-I.a-ar.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. cuus SpreckeU bid*.
Telephone Main <JS3.
Reslder.ee. 821 CalltorT.la »t.. below Powmii.
Residence Telephcn* James 1301.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
A- CONAN DOYLE'S
Most Exciting Stories.
THIS IS ONE OF
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
HEALTH TO SWAMMOOT.
. — -
What This Wonderful New Discovery Will
Do For You.
I nc\s thousands of times every day.
I HEARTILY ENDORSE SWAMP-ROOT. How can your kidneys do their work
well if they. are weak or deranged?
i h«<j tru-d 80 many remaps without th*ir Sto P and £«* of it for a moment!
havin* \>entf.u-4 me that i «m about di«- Do you realize the importance^ — nay,
emv*g«d. but in a few days, after taking jour the vital necessity, of keeping the kid-
neys in order? i i
y^^r^^rr^^ When you arc sick, then, no matter
yyr ' w^ iat vou think the name of your dis-
/f"**'' i ' ££*£§&£. *\l ease is.the first thing you should do is
//¦ '"' : jfcp&£3&!&S. \\ to a fr° r( l a 'd to your kidneys.
// ff£?L^ra^»P^3^ :i^ : v\ I" taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root
if £&&?'**^il§»i^J$Si. }' ou a^ or d natural help to Nature,
//&^S^ i "^-^^^MW^''^ l \ lor Swamp-Root is the most perfect
II: - mw3 : £-^j^BlPft "¦ A\ nea^ er -and. -gentle aid to the kidneys
t*Sx^ r^i^ sllP'a '-" -\\ t ' iat ap . c^* er k cen -discovered.
% . *"*& "./ i. '" ''Syr^P' ' n KHmer's is purely
'¦ • ' (kJjs^^i':: : - :: '^§^£ vegetable*, pleasant to take, and cures
- ¦ • "> f pRj^ : j&Sli*' ', '^ when. other prescriptions and medicines
W^^&04^^^Si | SWAMP-ROOT COMPLETELY CURED^JT
\Yfs|&*i?**''^^V : * mme *'ir&r- // ¦ About a ymr ago I was suffering from what
\\£^» /r — ' **r£iLj*<k'r • W& J ? r // * supposed ¦vas rheumatism. I became eo bad
\Y i#" <: -' r ''-«l2 r lWuil»»/-^ // lhat I :C<iuia hardly get .on my feet from a
%r£ ~^«^£^'*r~' s/ " Fittln B posltjcn. I lost In weight from W5 to
NX i^V. ""';.— -^ii?^^"'' f/ ' 1<5 pounds. -I tried different kinds of medl-
\^k Jpaiir. 1 y%\> ''¦ \ cine, but received little ; orv no help. I had no
'^ ''¦'¦'.'¦' .' id^a my kldnej"g were affected; however. I
5"~X fv^ ¦***"»¦; *irr r^J-ZS '• thought' I would. try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root
YJftX MRS. A. L. \NALKEr\\Jflf . and see what the- effect would be. I bought
wonderful Swamp-Root. I began to feel better. ¦"'; ". - -\ ;; , •"'^Ov
I wa» out of health and run down generally;, /yV v \j»1>— <- s^'***^
had no apj^tite. was dizsy and suffered with • : //¦¦/"'"&r~ ~ Xy *r S f
!;f-a<Jaolif> roost <J The time. I did not know //'' '¦&'"?'' • '¦ ""-^ A -^\
ihat my kidneys wore the chum" of my trouble. if - , fH£s*'~ i " - <-\ "^^\.
but Furnehow (Vlt they ralRht be, and I began . /A *~Z, \ '\\
taJ:lns: Fwarnj>-Root. as above stated. There //¦"' '-V J&'viSf&t B "
•s fiiih a ; Vns.-iM ta>N* :¦> Swamp-Hoot, and // ' i'J^'UiUZ^JS'Z?* I :^*\\
it r •¦• - right to the enox and drives cisra.«e • //.£:^|5>* «K?»!ra£ ;^**fc5^-.Vl '*'*^^\\ '
out of The pystem. It has cured me. and I // * ; 'V
-,' heerfully recommend it to all sufferers. If \
Gratefully your*. MKS. A.^U WALKER. It J ," ' * . ~ < H\
as you used to be? Are you sometimes It •'^T.-i^^***.' * ?$v\
f\\-.-'--ur:inc<\. and think you'll never be il *?•. '^''^-¦'V-'fk^' . ,*'- j
Can y..u tell the cause of your trou- \\ '¦ jf^^^S^^^^^^^^j I •¦
I)., you know that about nine-tenths V^^^^V-^^^^^^^^//
of all sickness is caused' by kidney y^^^^^r 1^^^^^^/ '
Lronble? ' \X§& I % 'ffi$<^&IW/
Have you ever stopned to think that \x? \ £$$£££&%&//
your kidneys \v,?\ be the cause of your nS*. ' '$^*^**$?2^'
Most people do not realize how much . MR. VJ^PARTCH. fjfj
work the kidneys are required to do v >^ / . ml/ <A/_
every daV two larpe bottloe. and they have completely
Every drop -f blood in the body must -
pa«i« through and be filtered by the kid- New Haven. Addison Co., vt.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder :
Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May
Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail. ¦ '.- - ..
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binfchamton, X. Y., who will gladly send youjjy mail,
immediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book |
ihat tells all about rt and its wonderful cures. In writing to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this generous offer
in The San Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can'
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Ropt.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on every
bottleST. LOUIS, Nov. 26.— The suit filed
recently by a New York insurance 1
company to cancel a life policy amount
ing to 550,000 held by. James L. Blair,
formerly chief counselor of the Louisi- 1
ana Purchase Exposition Company, has |
been withdrawn, "it was alleged that;
Blair had made two attempts to end
his life. Blair is still quite ill at a local i
hospital. .. . j
Suit Against Blair Is Withdrawn.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— John Wana- I
maker has bought the old London '
street and the Hotel Colonnade prop-!
erty for a little less than $1,400,000. The '
purchase was a cash transaction. No !
statement was given as to what Wana- I
maker Intends to do with the property,
but it Is said he will erect a big hotel.
The property is on Lafayette place, I
near the si$e for the proposed Wana- \
maker Hotel, to cost $3,500,000, at |
Eighth and Ninth streets and Broad- I
way and Fourth avenue. i
Wanamaker Invests in Realty.
CAMDEN, N. J., Nov. 26.— An at
tempt was made to poison the family
of Charles N. Jones of this city by j
placing carbolic acid in a Jar of milk.
It was frustrated by Mrs. Jones, who
noticed a peculiar odor as she un
screwed the cap of the milk Jar prepar
atory to pouring the contents into a pot
of boiling coffee. The police are work-
Ing on a clew, which they say will I
lead to an arrest. j
POISONER ATTEMPTS
TO KILL ENTIRE FAMILY
Places Carbolic Acid in a Jar of
Milk Left at Door of a
Dwelling.
ALGONA, la., Nov. 26.— A receiver
was to-day appointed for the State
Bank of Germania, which carries $40,
000 of deposits. State Bank Examiner
Thompson has been In charge of the
bank for more than a week. Inability
to convert real estate Into ready money
and the allowance of overdrafts not
consistent with good banXIng are said
to have been the cause of the bank's
troubles. The assets may meet the
liabilities.
Receiver Is Appointed for a Bank.
from being fatal
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— Wounds that I
will leave their marks for life bear wit- |
ness to a desperate fight between Her- |
mann Hundler, a Long Island farmer, I
and a fierce gray wolf. Hundler proved j
victor and now has the wolf In a steel
cage in the yard of his home, near Sun
nyslde, L. I.
The wolf was in Hundler's henhouse
when the farmer discovered It. He fired
his gun at the wolf, but the shot went j
wild. Then he seized a pitchfork and
attempted to fight off the attack of the
wolf, which bit him severely about the
arms and legs. The animal was finally
pinioned by the pitchfork to the floor
of the henhouse and later was chained.
Hundler's wounds are serious, but
prompt medical aid prevented »them
Has the Animal in a
Cage.
Proves Victorin the Contest and Now
LONG ISLAND FARMER
BATTLES WITH A WOLF
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2€.— Robert J.
Hale, a compositor irrMhe Government
Printing Office, killed his wife and
then committed, suicide at their home
in this city to-day. Hale had been
'under suspicion of being responsible
for the troubles of a young woman
who. it Is alleged, died a few days ago
as the result of an operation. After
reading the announcement of the arrest
of the physician charged with causing
the girl's death, he wrote a note, and
proceeding to his wife's room killed
her and himself.
Kills Wife and Commits Suicide
Sergeant Shregler f/Jund the call had '
been sent in from a South Third street j
Junk shop. When a patrol wagon full
of police arrived there they found aj
desperate conflict raging between four j
white men and a negro. The negro was
attempting to brain the others with an
iron pipe and all had been injured. The
police quelled the disturbance. The pro
prietor of the Junk shop said he had j
used the telephone, but was prevented
from completing his message by an at
tack by the negro.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 26.— When
Sergeant Shregler of the Camden police
responded to a, call on the telephone he
heard cries of murder and sounds of a
ecuffle. Then all was silent and who
ever used the telephone evidently had
been prevented calling for help.
Tries to Brain Them With a Piece of
Iron Pipe and Badly Wounds
Them.
NEGRO ATTEMPTS TO KILL ¦
FOUR MEN IN JUNK SHOP j
ar.d emptied.
When the newsboys' plates were emp
tied they were filled again, and when
they had eaten all they could their
pockets were filled with fruit. At the
doer they were welcomed, and v.hen
they were through they were told if
they could eat any more they could
come in again.
The boys were served at twenty long
tables, seating 1000 persons.
Woolf gives the annual dinner In
memory of his own boyhood life as a
newsboy in London and in observance
of a vow he made at that time. The
last dinner cost $6000. The supplies in
cluded 520 turkeys. 250 large bunches of
bananas and wagon loads of baked
goods.
Regiment Armory.
CHICAGO. Nov. 26.— Seventy-eight of
Isaac Woolf's employes took care of
5000 newsboys last night and fed many
of the youths as they never had dined
before. *
Each year has increased the number
of boys at the Thanksgiving dinner
given by Woolf and this season for the
twenty-first of the feasts the First
Regiment armory was engaged. It was
here that 2500 visitors had almost as
much pleasure as the boys while again
and again the long tables weffc filled
Isaac Woolf Spreads a Thanksgiving
Feast for Them in the First
NEWSBOYS OF CHICAGO
ENTERTAINED AT DINNER
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.— W. A. \
Sutherland, in charge of »the Filipino j
boys who have come to America for
education in our methods, called to
day upon Colonel Edwards, chief of
the insular bureau, to report the dispo
sition he has made of his charges. He
brought to California ninety-six Fili
pino boys of the average of 18 years,
and ne has placed them in various j
families in Southern California, where '
they will take advantage of the nearest J
educational facilities until next sum
mer, when they will be taken to St.
Lcuis as part of the Philippine exhi
bition at the exposition. j
When the exposition is closed the J
youths will be brought East to com- j
plete their education, to which they j
must devote four years. They are
pledged to enter the Philippine civil j
service upon their return to the islands '
and must remain in that service
at least four years. i
W. A. Sutherland, Who Is in Cliarge ,
of Them, Visits Chief of the j
Insular Bureau. ;
REPORTS DISPOSITION
MADE OF FILIPINO BOYS
•CEW YORK, Nov. 26.— Charles
ThresboB, who is charged with having
written letters to President Roosevelt
complaining that an influential person
in governmental circles in Washington
had an electric battery attached to the
soles of his feet and so increased his
i nance to see the President, was sent
to Bc-llevue Hospital to-day for exam
ination as to his sanity. When ar
raigned before Magistrate Mayo the
prisoner said he was a "double Eon."
None of the letters contained any
threats.
Threshon, it was said by secret ser
vice officers, has twice before been ar
rested, once on January 6, 1S95, when
he sent a letter to President Cleveland
from Baltimore containing aJlusions to
the electric current which prevented
him from reporting to the President,
cud again in 1901, when he sent a simi
lar letter to President McKinley end
was arrested, declared insane and sent
to a hospital in Washington.
Another arrest of the same nature
was made later, when Kalman Fodessy ;
was taken in{o custody by officers of
the secret service and sent to Bellevue
for examination. Fodessy is a watch- j
ir.aker, who came from Budapest two !
jears ago. For some time he has been j
writing letters to President Roosevelt, j
chiefiy about policemen of Buffalo, and !
v.hen arrested told a rambling, discon- !
nc-cted story. At the time of his arrest \
be had a ten-page typewritten letter J
addressed to the President in his pos- j
jessjen.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 26.— The an
nual report cf Governor Otero of New
Mexico makes the plea for the admis
sion of the Territory to statehood. The
report says that during the past year
the building of railroads has continued
with unabated vigor and capital has
made extensive investments.
The finances of the Territory are in
excellent condition and so are those of
the counties and cities, with a few. ex
ceptions. The Territory, as well as
most of the counties, i3 reducing its in
debtedness, while several counties are j
refunding their indebtedness at a j
rapid rate. The assessed valuation of |
New Mexico realty shows an increase i
of 51,000,000 over that of the preceding
year, but as the average assessment
rate is onlv about 20. per cent of the j
value the actual increase of valuation, ;
owing to the elimination of double as- ]
ssessments reported in former years, is i
almost J30.000.000. The collections for !
the past six months by the Territory j
exceeded that of the same period of ;
previous years by about $50,000. j
None of* the Letters Sent to
Chief Executive Contain
Any Threats.
Says the Finances of Terri
tory Are in Excellent •
/¦ Condition.
Round Up Cranks Who
Have Been Writing
to President.
Makes Plea for Admis
sion of New Mexico
to Statehood.
SECRET SERVICE
MEN KEPT BUSY
GOVERNOR OTERO
PRESENTS REPORT
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL. FRIDAY.. NOYEMBER 27, 1903.
3
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
F.czema, Salt Rheum, Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
TiiaJ Size. 25 Cents.
At Drr:nx*st 3 or by. mall, from
r-.-njonklct on the rational treat*
-«*'¦- 'uawt «r «««•¦•*• Mat frew.
There is worse pure stufl
than the usual mixtures .used
to adulterate spices ; no great
harm, except to adulterers.
"Pepper" is shells and dust
($c lb) with one percent of
red pepper to hot it. "Cloves"
are stems (2 or 3c lb). Wormy
nutmegs are "worth" 5 or 6c
lb by the ton.
Schilling's Best feels strange
in such company — moneyback.
: .• . .... '¦ j^:-- rV:;-^i:^i : U: . /ADVERTISEMENTS., ... •'
The Overcoats. v H^
A man. who buys his overcoat here is going to get just
the overcoat he wants for exactly what he wishes to pay. .
That's a broad statement, but we have the stock to
back it up. ' . -
Every style of overcoat identified with the season is.
represented in our assortment/The prices range- from . -"' Jfe^^fej^^t?^^.^
The garments were made by us in our own workshops,
and are retailed to you at the same price we ask a dealer to $0$ir0^
pay in buying at wholesale. We sell to the trade throughout • Ip^i^^^
the United States. In San Francisco and New York, how- . W^Wf^^^^^m^^W\ P?
ever, we sell to the public through our retail stores. We K^S^i^Pf^^^^^&^^P> §J
are the only clothing firm in San Francisco operating along % .
The result is: We can save you from $>.00 to SI 0.00 .^^fefel^^^^^^^l
on your overcoat and give you the same quality, you would
get anywhere else for at least one-third more. ' *
The merchandise itself is the best proof. If you need f^v<rr^^7^^^^HHHP^^^^^^!
made of fancy rough cheviots, in swell patterns. We picture -?^^S^v^^^^-^^ /^^^^^^^^^^^
inches in" length; ma'de of blue and black cheviot, blue and . iBll|i 'sS^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^Siw
every shade; among the shades are tan, olive, slate, brown, MiSlfiS M
As we have overcoats for as high as $35.00, we cannot jdi^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 1^ *~ "^^^^^^^^
enumerate here all of the styles, patterns and weaves, but .;¦*¦. "^^^^^ = ~
with such an immense variety to choose from you will find rxETCMZh F&QM LIFE MS&m?
be returned to us and we will refund the money.' \ . ,/,
y , What we have said of our overcoats is equally true of
%;>;^^W 2 our suits. It matters' not what you want, in style, pattern
%^^^^ or weave, we can supply you your needs to your entire
,,^^^^^^^ftlft^l^ ,1 We men ti° n our line of suits at $!0. The materials
( M ! &''-:'- : Y : £^iS&&$m m are hinp <;prrrp^ hinp 9nH hlirV rYnr wnr^rprlQ Work thihprc
feffiffi-y'-i^'^WSSr^(Soi • ' •^\''-'&$*§S£!flltiBsB&taMi d.IC UIUC oCI^Co, UluC dllU UldLK. Lldy WUloltUo, UidLK., LllIUCLo
S anc * fancv cheviots in variety enough of swell patterns to
please almost every customer. It is impossible to enumer-
'<^^^^^^$^\W^^W^^^^'M, ate these patterns. You will have to see them. We are
I'M positive you never have seen such a vast number of patterns
)^^^^^^^^^mm in suits that sel1 for as Iow as l0 * The sizes are from . 34
~ ~^^^^'^^^S^^m i^^^^^^^^^^^ylf *° 44 chest measure, with pants accordingly.
! If -Suits for- Short Fat Men
j f^i -^^^^^^^^^^^S^^-'^iMM These suits were specially made in our own workshops
£ g /nnHHp|^ for short, fatten, who measure from 38 to 44 chest The
til ' P ants com . e ' n s ' zes t0 corres P onc ' to the coat and vest.
* Illfl The materia ls are blue serges, black thibets, fancy tweeds
V *§§L iml^^^W*^^^^^ illlff^^feii ' • and fancv worsteds of hard finish. The patterns are neat,
x^ySI«HT^^ i^^RIi and the i real 'y do not make a man look as fat as he is -
'^^^^ffiw^ffifflrll \i I^SHvlIn The sui . ts are ready made > can be taken from ? tock and
'^^^^^^ifSB^B^^^Ilffl 1 'WWsmB M worn w frh° ut an y alterations whatsoever. The prices range
have specially priced these trousers at $1.95. The usual
tJ>K- Jet S iS^ «B H V9 IS *. HML Mm bL. V8/ Tan! M?
by mail as well as though jpa-rfr m w v^^ lustrated catalogue. You
the purchase was made l *-v * will find it of assistance
in person. c4-U iY13I*KCL otPCCt ."- . . in ordering.ACCUSED OF ATTEMPTING
'TO COMMIT* A ROBBERY
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 26.— Report
comes from Marvh^ills that marine In
spectors viFited the wrecked Francois
Coppee on Birds Island near Tomales
Bay. They pronounce the ship a total
wreck. Captain Jorgensen of the life
saving crew near Point Reyes reports
that his patrols have as yet found no
indication of any of the eleven men
Btill missing being washed ashore.
•Careful scrutiny is kept but there is no
sign of corpses. The ship is breaking
up rapidly. %
Francois Coppee Breaking.
SING SONGS AND PRAY.
Thanksgiving day was celebrated at
the Salvation Army headquarters, Mis
sion street, between KIghth and Ninth,
with prayer and music. The weary
found shelter, assistance and a warm
welcome.
In the evening the attendance at the
headquarters' was large and the con
gregation entered with enthusiasm in
the service.
The singing was effective and many
were attracted to. the building by the
religious songs ] and music. One, of the
speakers said that while' the' day was
set aside for thanksgiving, every day
with, the Salvatlon'Army was a day of
thanksgiving to the Lord for his mer
cy to the people. •
The large number of stylishly dress
ed men and women at the night service
was noticeable. They joined heartily,
in the songs and prayers of the Salva
tionists.:. . ., - . - r" •
DRIVERS AND HELPERS
GIVE FIRST ANNUAL BALL
Members of Local Union Give First
of a Series of Yearly
Dances. ' ; ; v ;•*'
The members of Local Union 544 of
the. Furniture and Piano Drivers' and
Helpers' Union held their first annual
ball last evening in Union Square Hall
on Post street.- '
The dance was attended by a large
number of the drivers, and at 8:30 there
we,re fully two" hundred people in line
for the grand march.
, At the conclusion of the dance re
freshments were serve:!, s
Those in charge of the dance were:
Committee of arrangements — W. H. Marden,
chairman; H. Gorman, J. W. Smith. George
Whiting, F.- Meichncr, F. W. Beecher. Floor
manager— Goorge H. Tyeon. Assistant floor
manager— W. A. "Whiting. Floor committee —
Al Meyer. John Rubkle. M. Dee. C. Culle. Joe
Can- J. Welden. Reception committee — H. ;
Smith. C. Mort, C. Carroll. J. Curry. W. Mc-
Donald George Connor. Finance committee —
W, H Marden. chairman; H. Gorman. F. W.
Beecher. Officers — W. A. "Whiting, president;
George H, Tyson, vice president; H. Gorman,
lecordlng. secretary: Fred Beecher, financial
secretary; W. H. Marden. treasurer; George
¦Whiting. H. Smith. G. Allen, trustees.
President of Iron Workers Is 111.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 26.— Theodore
Shaffer/president of the Amalgamated
Association . of Iron Workers, is con
fined to his bed suffering from typhoid
pneumonia. • No serious complications
are looked for. ' •
Papers were seized which were ident
ified as plans. Other sets of plans, the
police say. were found In Hall's apart
ments, which were handsomely fur
nished.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Charged with
stealing eight sets of plans of tfie Hol
land Bubmarine torpedo boat, dupli
cates of which it is believed have been
fold to foreign governments, Frank P.
Norman and Frederick B. Hall have
been'arrested in Hoboken. F. W. Brady,
an engineer employed by the company,
who makes the charge. Rays Hall was
employed by the Holland company un
til about a year ago, and shortly after
he left the plans were missed. Charles
C. Fields and Henry D. Clark, detec
tives, were taken Into the employ of
the company, and after making the
acquaintance of Hall and Norman be
gan to negotiate for the purchase of
four sets of plans.
A meeting was arranged to complete
details of the sale at a Hoboken hotel
last evening. When all was ready the
detectives burst into the room. Nor
man drew a knife, it Is said, and
Ftabbed Detective Sergeant Kerrigan
in the hand.
PLANS OF SUBMARINE
TORPEDO BOATS STOLEN
Detectives Arrest Two Men at Ho
boken Who Are Accused of'
the Theft.
The people and Government of Den
mark approve of the United States' ac
tion in recognizing the republic of Pan
ama and request for similar recogni
tion from Denmark will undoubtedly
be granted.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 26.-^-The Gov
ernment officials deny the reports pub
lished abroad of a revolutionary move
ment in the Danish West Indies in con
sequence of dissatisfaction with the
commission's recommendations on the
subject of improvements in the islands.
That dissatisfaction-exists is admitted,
and it is recognized that the prosperity
of the new republic of Panama will so
conceivably impress the inhabitants of
the Danish West Indies as to strength
en the latept desire in some quarters
to come under the American flag.-
The , depart UTe of the new Governor
of St. Thomas for his post was hasten
ed in hopes that fuller explanations of
the commission's report might lessen
the dissatisfaction and so that the
Government might, at the earliest pos
sible moment, be in full possession of
the situation. The Government fully
realizes the great difficulty of legislat
ing and helping the islands to their
satisfaction.
DISSATISFACTION EXISTS
IN DANISH WEST INDIES
Copenhagen Officials, However, Deny
Reports of a Revolutionary Move
ment Being Started.
PYTHIAN ENTERTAINMENT
FCT. THE MONUMENT FUND
Vaudeville Programme in Native
Sons' Hall Followed by Dancing
Till Midnight.
A pleasing entertainment was given
last evening in Native Sons' Hall under
the auspices of the Knights of Pythias
Burial Association In aid of the monu
ment fund of the order. The following
programme was presented: ...
Overture, orchestra: Professor Alfred C. Mo
noM. In so called supernatural mysteries, as
sleted by Isabell Monola; tenor, solo, "If I
Could Only Brine Her Back Again." W. H.
Hutton (words by Al Lewis, music by E. II.
Blofser); the Kull sisters, Irene and Con
stance, juvenile cakewalkers and club swing
ers; The Finnlgers, in the sketch "'They're
Off" (written by H. A. du Souehet. author of
"My Friend From India," "The Man From
Mexico." etc.); overture; Stebb and Trcbb as
"Pirnon and Ruth" in a Quaker duo, and
Miss Henrietta Bates In her humorous oddity,
"Salvation." . «.
A. C. Kull was the stage director.
After the programme, which was well
received, those who desired had an op
portunity to dance for two hours. The
members of the association who had
the function under their supervision
were the following:
Committee of arrangement*— S. W. Powell,
chairman; Numar Rose, secretary: A. E. Lu
cas J Dolsron A. D. Codlngton, R. E. Lane,
H "C." Hlncken. J. H. Danton.
Reception committee — J. H. Danton. Charles
Mllly P M Shoaf. B. Brown. E. Ulman, F.
B. Hanbrld&e. Georne Amerson. Mrs. H.
Batchelder J. E. ElklnRton. George J. Ol
sen A Dunsmlre. R. W. Banks, B. Mayer.
B D 'Hoffman. Mrs. Weir.
Floor manager— A. E. Lucas; assistant floor
manager R E. Lane; floor committee. Frank
AlKer F* McNulty W. L. Dawes, D. W. Say
lor F Karassan. Frnur Horner. L. G. Kra
mer P. Lacassle. B. R. Marsh. G. K. Herzog,
R W. Dance. Mrs. Scholfleld. Myrtle R. Say
loir.
YOUNG THIEVES RAID
MARKET STREET STORE
Thomas Kerwin Is Arrested and
Charged With Stealing Candy
From Wichman's.
For some time shopkeepers on Mar
ket street have been the victims of im
pudent young thieves, who deliberate
ly rush into stores and even In the
presence of attendants take articles
from counters and show windows.
On Saturday night three youths ran
into Wichman's candy store, 754 Mar
ket street, and took several boxes of
sweets from the showcase. Determined
to put a stop to the thievery, P. F.
Wichman, brother of the proprietor of
the store, lay in wait last night and
about 9:30 o'clock, when the sidewalk
was crowded with pedestrians, one of
two youths rushed into the store,
opened the showcase and stole two
boxes of jujubes. /
Wichman ran from his hiding place,
but the thief was too quick for him and
succeeded in escaping to the street.
After a short but hot chase Wichman
caught, up with the youth and handed
him over to Policeman J. J. Farrell.
He was 'taken to the Hall of Justice,
where he gave his name as Thomas
Kerwin and said he was 16 years of age
and a teamster. He was booked on a
charge of petty larceny and released on
$5 bail. Kerwin had a box of the ju
jubes in his possession when arrested.
ROBBER KNOCKS DOWN
VICTIM WITH REVOLVER
Footpad Brutally Assaults P. F.
Bromberg and Takes S22 From
¦ 'i : \ . Prostrate Man's Purse.
Another daring hold-up was perpe
trated early this morning at the cor
ner of Clay and East streets. P. F.
Bromberg, a carpenter, was approach
ed by a man, who presented a revolver
at his face. Bromberg told the man
that he had made a mistake — that he
had no money. The footpad' thereupon
struck Bromberg a terrific blow on the
face with the revolver and. noting that
the man was knocked almost uncon
scious, went through his pockets and
took. $22, which Bromberg had In a
purse. ' ..¦/.."
.The footpad gave the prostrate man
another blow and then ran. Bromberg
was later picked up by a policeman
and taken to the' Harbor Emergency
Hospital, where the injury to his face
was dressed. He was then taken to the
City Prison to remain over night, so
that he may aid the police in their In
vestigation this morning.
MICHAEL BURKE VICTIM
OF ILLUMINATING GAS
Sad Thanksgiving for His Family
When They Find Him Dead
in Bed.
Yesterday was a sad Thanksgiving
for the family of aged Michael Burke
of 240 Shotwell street. When # hls wife
went to his room to call him, that he
might get ready for dinner, she found
him dead in his bed.
The old man had been suffocated in
his sleep by illuminating gas, which
was escaping from a burner, the key of
which was open. He had retired on
Wednesday night at 8 o'clock, his usual
hour, to his room in the second, story,
which he occupied alone. Yesterday
morninghiswife went down town early
to purchase somethings needed for the
Thanksgiving dinner' Finding that he
had not made his appearance when she
returned she went to the room, opened
the door, and saw him lying in -bed in
a natural position, dead. Gas was es
caping from the burner and she turned
it off, but Mrs. Burke was so distracted
that she was unable to remember
whether the key was fully open or only
partly; so.
The deceased was a laborer 72 years
old and a native of Ireland. He leaves
a large family. They know of no rea
son for suicide, 'and believe 'that the
key was turned accidentally.
NATIONAL UNION OFFICERS*
COMING ON OFFICIAL VISIT
How They Will Be Entsrtained Dur
ing a Three Days' Stay
Here.
t II. G. Jeffris of Janesville, Wig.,
of the most prominent attorneys of that
State, recently elected to the office, of
president of the Senate of the National
Union, and J. W". Myers of Toledo, Ohio,
the secretary of that body, will arrive
in this city on December 1 or 2 on an
official visit to the nine San Francisco
councils of the order, it being the first
official visit to the councils since the
order was established here, more than
twenty yearaago. The San Francisco
Cabinet of the organization has for sev
eral months been making arrangements
for the reception of these officials. At
the meeting of that body last Wednes
day night it was announced that there
will be a class-initiation of candidates
in the three degrees In the amplified
form in Golden Gate Hall Thursday.
December 3, when about 200 strangers
will be initiated. At that time the vis
itors it Is expected will have something
to say to the membership in relation
to the order and its progress. At this
initiation only those who are to be in
itiated, the special team that is to con
fer the degrees, of which E. H. Hills,
president of the cabinet, is the presi
dent, the general committee and the of
ficers of the Senate will be permitted
on the floor of the main hall. The mem
bers will be assigned to seats In the
galleries to enable them to see the de
grees presented as they never have
been before.
On the following night there will be
a National Union theater party in the
Grand Opera-house for the members o*
the order and their friends. On that
occasion there will be offered *#Qver
Niagara." and between acts there will
be specialties.
On the night after that there will be
a National Union banquet in the large
banquet hall of the Golden Gate asy
lum. It is expected that several hun
; dred will attend this festive gathering,
at. which the visitors named will be the
guests of honor.
W. K. Wheelock of Golden Gate
I Council is chairman of the general
, committee; Joseph A. Wilson of El
Capitan Council, chairman of the large
class committee; H. L. Simon of El
Dorado Council, chairman of the thea
ter party, and H. W. Maass of Pacific
Council, chairman of the banquet com
mittee.
After the visitations in this city the
visitors will proceed to Tacoma. TV'ash..
to pay an official visit to the council
there, and on their return it is expect
j cd that they will vlsir the three coun
cils of Alameda County in Joint ses
sion, after which they will be asked to
I visit the council in San Jose.
This order, a protective one. is th»
strongest fraternal society in the city
of, Washington, D. C. numbering
among its members many Senators and
Representatives, the heads of all the
different. departments and the majority
of those employed 1n such depart
ments. In San Francisco the member
ship, which Is composed principally of
professional and business men, num
bers nearly 2100.
Engine Knocks Man Down.
Patrick Diggins, a laborer, was
knocked down and severely injured by
a contracting engine at Twenty-fourth
and Iowa streets yesterday" afternoon.
The Injured man was removed to 'the
I potrero hospital, where his Injuries.
I consisting of a broken leg and several
i lacerated wounds of the head, j were
treated. :•- : . • - • ¦ - • . :.- ¦
REAL ESTATE MEN WILL
FIGHT PAINTERS' UNTON
.A number of prominent real estate
dealers held a meeting yesterday after
noon and formed an organization to be
known as \ the Property Owners' De
fense ; Association. .Their object is to
fight the Painters' Union, the members
of which have signalized their inten
tion of golns Out on strike after March
1 if their demand for ran increase of
wages is not granted. • '
It was decided by the new associa
tion not to let any more "contracts for
painting or paper hanging old . build-
Ings when the present contracts ex
pire. The officers of the new organiza
tion say they will , make = war on the
painters and the': Building Trades
Council, and accuse 'the '¦; two . organiza
tions of . injuring prdperty - in
thecitv. \, ¦-•:-•. '
To Give Masquerade Ball.'
I Walla. Walla Tribe No. 141. Improved
Order of Red Men. and Kahivent Couri
' cil No, 241 will 7gtve a. masquerade ball
I in Native Sons' Hall to-morrow aiaht.
DANGLING TROLLEY WIRE
STOPS STREET TRAFFIC
A broken trolley wire on Turk street
at the. corner .of Webster, last nieht
about 6:30 o'clock, arrested traffic for
half an hour. The dancing, sputter
ing end of . the current-bearing wire
hung down close to the street, endan
gering the lives of pedestrians • The
accident happened but. a block from
the Fillmore-street power house
Men were hurried from the plant and
after several ¦minutes* work succeeded
in ; grasping the dangerous piece of
steel. ,It was then spliced in place
and the long line of cars that had
gathered was able to proceed on its
journey., The al»s,ence of the Eddy
street: cars caused the large collection
of passengers at 'their terminus. Ex
tra rears- were rushed into service to
carry. them to their homes.
VEW YORK. Nov. 26.— United States j
Senator Hanna entertained the delega- ,
tion of Montana labor leaders who j
ceme East to visit President Roosevelt .
at breakfast at the Waldorf-Astoria to
day. His guests included Malcolm Gil- j
11s. formerly prrsident of the Engineers'
Union: Edward. Long, president of the
Butte Miners' Union: Frederick Cronin,
walking delegate of the Hot-1 and Res
taurant Employes' Union; Joseph W.
Gilbert of the Workingmen's L'nion; M.
B. Dempsey of the Miners' Union, and
Frank Doyle, president of the Trades,
and Labor Assembly.
At the breakfast, which was informal,
the Montana men met Governor-elect
Myron T. Herrick of Ohio. Governor
John T. Morrison of Idaho and Con
gressman Charles Dick of Ohio.
The labor men left for the West later
in the day.
MONTANA LABOR LEADERS
ENTERTAINED BY HANNA
Ohio Senator Gives a Breakfast in
Their Honor at the Waldorf-
Astoria.
Whcn thfc demand was refused by the
employers a few days ago many of the
plateterers quit their work% and thus
several bu'ldlngs In point of construe-,
tion will.be delayed. At a recent meet
ing of the Building Trades Council the
executive committee, after hearing the
plea of U»e plasterers, decided that the
latter were in the right and therefore
the council will stand by the union.
The r.stmbers of the Paper Box.iiuk
ert«' Union out on strike met last ni^'ht
and decided to stand firm till their de
mands are granted. Louis Hoffman,
414 Devisadero street, • was fined «25
by the Barbers' Union. for empljyln?
a non-union man. Kemp Van Cenino,
a member of the Barbers' Union, was
also fined $25 for working in an unfair
shop.
Leo Bruck says he will fight against
Mayor Schrriitz for the presidency of
the Musicians' Union.
The Cloakmakers are still out on
strike and on Saturday- evening they
will give a benefit ball at Scottish Hall.
The members of the" Plasterers'
Union may go out on strike in a body
within the next few days unless their
demand for an increase, in wages Is
pranted by the various contractors who.
employ thi.'m. The men ask lor $l">0
for an eight-hour day. At the present
time they are receiving: 13 50 and the
employers say that this is sufficient
and are opposed -to granting the In
crease.
General Strike May Result if Em
ploying Contractors Do Not
Raise Men's Pay.
PLASTERERS DEMAND
• INCREASE IN WAGES
The objects of the order are social
and intellectual intercourse. There is
an insurance branch that the members
may take advantage of at their option.
The committee on institution of the
Oakland Council of the Knights of Co
lumbus consists of Rev. Father T. J:
O'Connell,' Edward J. Dollard. Frank T.
Shea and Hush J. McGinnls.
Although the first council was estab
lished in California less than two years
ago, the order has gained rapidly in
this State. The first council of the or
ganization was. established in New
Haven, Conn., In 1882 and at the pres
ent time councils are to be found in
every State in the Union, with a mem
bership of more than 100.000.
Sixty prominent members of . the
Catholic faith of Oakland jvill be the
recipients of the degree next Sunday
and will form the new Oakland Council
of the order of Knights of Columbus.
At 1:30 p. m. Sunday the members of
the council will proceed to the Maccabee
Temple, Clay and Eleventh streets,
Oakland, where the candidates for ad
mission to the order will receive the
first degree of their initiation. The sec
ond degree wilj be conferred at 3 p. m.
and the members willithen adjourn for
luncheon. The third degree will be
given at 6 p. m. and the proceedings
will be followed by an elaborate ban
quet at Foresters' Hall, Oakland.
A special train an<J ferry boat will
convey the members of the San Fran
cisco Council to this city at the close of
the banquet on Sunday night.
The candidates for admission to the,
order of the" Knights of Columbus will
be initiated by Joseph T. Scott of Los
Angeles, State deputy supreme knight,
assisted by George A. Connolly, grand
knfght; Frank T. Shea, deputy grand
knight: James A. Emory, chancellor,
and Edward J. Dollard, warden, all of
the San Francisco Council.
Fifty members, of the Los Angeles
and Oxnard councils will arrive In Oak
land on Sunday morning on a special
car attached to the Owl train to attend
the high mass.
The SDeclal musical portion of the
mass will be rendered by the Knights of
Columbus choir, under the direction of
Rev. Father J. B. Hannigan of St.
Mary's Cathedral, a member of the
order. The initiation ode will be ren
dered by the entire gathering of the
members of the various councils.
With the installation of the Oakland
Council there will be four councils of
the organization in this State, three al
ready existing in San Francisco, Los
Angeles and Oxnard.
Elaborate preparations have been
made for the Institution of the Oakland
Council. The members of the San Fran
cisco Council will leave the ferry depot
on a special boat at 9:30 Sunday morn
ing and proceed in a body to the Church
of the Immaculate Conception, 'Jeffer
son street, near Eighth, where solemn
high mass will be celebrated.
A council of the Knights of Columbus
will be installed in Oakland next Sun
day with marked ceremonies, and a dis
tinguished gathering of members of the
order will attend the proceedings.
TO INSTALL NEW COUNCIL
OF KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS
Mrs. Sheward was unusually cheerful
Wednesday when her husband left
home, and that afternoon she, too, left
Che hcruse. At 10 o'clock last night
¦when he returned he was told of his
•wife's absence, it having been supposed
that she had gone to the store to return
with him. Hoping that she would re
turn he waited until midnight and then
found on the pillow of his bed a note
from his wife in which she asked his
forgiveness and expressed her love for
him. Other notes to other relatives
were also found, all of them in the
lame tenor, but none-of them contained
even a hint "as to where Mrs. Sheward
had gone or what she intended to do.
Mr. Sheward at once notified the po
lice and a 'general alarm was sent out.
The officers of all the nearby towns
\»*<re also notified, especially those at
the beach resorts. All day to-day the
§><?arch for the missing woman has con
tinued, but without any result what.
«ver. Frnm the time that Mrs. Sheward
left her home no person who knows her
Is known to have seen her nor can any
person be found who has seen a woman
answering her description. The theory
cf the police is that in a fit of despond
ency due to the condit;on of her mind
she has committed suicide. Mr. She
™rd has engaged all the private de
tectives he can find and has offered a
reward for information as to his wife s
whereabouts.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 26.— Because
owing to the disordered condition of her
mind she feared that she would never
recover her health. Mrs. J. T. Sheward,
wife of a wealthy merchant, left her
home on West Adams street Wednes
day afternoon and not the slightest
trace of her has been fo-und *=lnee.
Since the birth . of her child five
months ago it has been necessary to
have a nurse with her constantly, for
her mind was affected and it was con-
Bidered unsafe to leave her *lone. A
week ago her condition Improved and
the vigilance of her relatives .v.as re
laxed. After a few days the nuiKc ieft,
the duty of looking after her devolving
upon two servants. To them she re
marked a few days ago that but for her
children she would go to the ocean and
drown herself.
Fpeci&l Dirratch to The Call
ROME, Nov. 26.— The anti-Austrian
demonstrations are assuming a crave
character and the Government has
stopped the delivery of all telegrams
sent in cipher. Throughout Rome the
cry is "Down with Francis Joseph! Let
us break the Triple Alliance!"
At the university the Austrian flag
was burned, amid wild scenes of enthu
siasm. At Genoa the demonstrators
succeeded in reaching the Austrian
consulate, where thty shouted the most
hostile crlea.
The demonstrations result from the
prohibition by the Austrian govern
ment of the institution of a free Ital
ian university at Innsbruck. . The
Roman police gathered In large num
bers around the Austrian embassy and
the Austrian consulate, against which
the efforts of the demonstrators 7?ere
directed. The crowds even invaded
the public promenade in the gardens of
the Pincio and compelled the band to
play the ' royal march, which was
greeted with great applause.
At the university the students, to the
number of about 1000, held an indigna
tion meeting and then decided to make
a demonstration in the streets of the
.city. The police, however, were pre
pared for this and as soon as the stu
dents emerged they were attacked and
compelled to re-enter the university.
The students showed their indignation
by breaking the windows and furniture
of the class rooms. The authorities
have decided to close the university
until order has been restored.
An anti-Austrian demonstration Was
held at Turin, where the demonstrators
rang the bells on the university, brok?
the windows and benches and exploded
firecrackers, producing a slight panic.
Similar demonstrations were held, at
Milan, Parma, Padua and Genoa.
The Government ha3 determined to
suppress these demonstrations at any
cost, as it wishes to avoid complaint
from the Austrian government^
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 26.— Millers re
port an extraordinary increase in the
flour export trade with Japan. In Sep
tember the trade more than doubled in
size. The tremendous increase is be
lieved to be significant of prepara
tions for war with Russia. While the
purchase? have been made through the
ordinary' channels, it is believe that the
Mikado's Government has Inspired
them.
LONDON, Nov. 26.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
cables that the viceroys and governors
of thirteen provinces outside of Chili
have offered the Cftinese throne to send
90.000 foreign-drilled troops to fight
Russia for Manchuria.
Japan Buying Much Flour.
Viceroys Offer the Throne 90,000
Foreign-Drilled Soldiers.
The survey has been completed for a
railroad from Kaikhla. Siberia, to Pe
king by way of Oagou. The length of
the road will be about 1000 miles. It
will give a short cut to the Chinese
capital.
TROOPS TO FIGHT RUSSIA.
A dispatch received here from Vladi
vostok notes the general subsidence of
war talk in the Japanese press, and
says the Japanese Consul General in
Korea has issued a proclamation to
quiet the alarm of his compatriots.
A telegram from Port Arthur says
the Russian torpedo-boat built at Port
Arthur was launched yesterday, mak
ing the twelfth torpedo-boat built at
Port Arthur. The first six of these ves
sels have already been placed on a war
footing.
The Novoe Vremya in a recent article
declared that if the British succeeded
in carrying out ¦¦ their plans Thibet
would be in their hands, as they al
ways would be In a position to threat
en Lhassa, and if they gain control of
the holy land of Thibet the 500,000,000
of Buddhists would regard Great Brit
ain as being the most powerful country
in the world. The Novoe Vremya adds:
"While it is impossible for the weak
Thibetans to prevent the British cross-
Ing the Himalayas, it is quite possible
for others to compel the British to stop
by creating a slight diversion in some
direction disagreeable t6 the British
politicians."
No specific information has been re
ceived here concerning the reported re
occupation of Haicheng, thirty miles
north of Newchwang, by Russian
troops, but it is regarded as quite prob
able. The town is close to the Moukden-
Newchwang railroad. It Is explained
that the whole country Is occupied by
Russian troops for the purpose of pro
tecting the railroad workmen and the
Chinese population from the depreda
tions of robbers. The officials here are
at a loss to understand why the possi
ble entry of Russian troops into Hai
cheng has been made the occasion for
alarming reports.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 26.— The
newspapers here regard the British ex
pedition to Thibet as an attempt to stir
up a movement in China, under cover
of which the powers will increase their
spheres of influence, and they appeal to
China not to permit the empire to be
deprived of Russian intervention, which
saved it on other occasions.
Some one sent in a still ala/m and the
fire was quickly extinguished with a
stream from the chemical engine, but
by that time the automobile was a
wreck, even the tires being burned.
"I was coming down Twelfth street
and just as I 'reached the corner of
Jackson there was a slight explosion,
and the next thing .1 knew the whole
rig was in a blaze. I shut off the steam
and then tried to close the valve in the
gasoline feed pipe, but it did.not work,
so I ran the rig up to an iron pole and
then tried again to snut off the gaso
line, but the heat drove me away. A
minute after I left the machine. the fire
caught the gasoline tank and then the
whole thing went. I think the bursting
of the coil. In the burner started the
fire."
A moment after he left the aijto the
fire reached the gasoline tank and the
cover was blown off, scattering the.
burning liquid In all ..directions. Had
Tait been working at the machine when
this happened he. would have been se
verely burned and perhaps killed.
Tait. who is but 16 years old. told
this story:
The fire had gained too much head
way, however, and after getting his
hands J severely burned in handling the
hot stop-cocks and having his eyebrows
and eyelashes singed off and his face
blistered by the whirling flames, Tait
was forced to leave the machine to its
fate.
Olin W. Tait, who resides at 1311
Fourth avenue, had a narrow escape
from death this afternoon while driv
ing Dr. N. H. Chamberlain's automo
bile on Twelfth street, near Jackson.'
A faulty feed pipe from the gasoline
tank to the burner burst, and before
Tait could jump from the machine he
was surrounded by ilames, which burst
from under the seat. He retained his
presence of mind, however, and after
an ineffectual attempt to shut off the
flow of the Inflammable fluid he ran the
automobile against one of the Oakland
Transit Company's iron poles and, get
ting out, tried to close the valve at the
tank.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov.' 26.
O'Day is the alleged "leader of horse
thieves who was arrested near Lost
Cabin several days ago and brought
to jail here. Fearing that the report
of an intended attack was triw Sheriff
Webb swore in more than one hundred
deputies to defend the Jail and to-night
the Courthouse square is j surrounded
by a complete' cordon of guards. A
number of citizens have armed them
selves and will assist the Sheriff in
defending the jail if necessary.
A report says that O'Day's friends
were, seen passing a ranch between the
Hole in the Wall and Casper before
noon, were armed and riding slowly in
the direction of the town. Sheriff Webb
thinks his present force sufficient to
repulse any attack and will not ca,ll on
the Governor' for troops. The desper
adoes are not expected to reach Casper
before to-morrow morning, as the Hole
in the Wall is seventy miles from town
and the gang was reported riding
slowly.
The Hole In the Wall has been a
celebrated resort for desperadoes and
during the past two or three years
gangs have congregated there. It is
known positively that when the news
of O'Day's capture • spread bad men
from all parts of Central Wyoming
headed for the old rendezvous for 'the
purpose of laying a plan for nis release.
Some of these men captured the stolen
horses found ln« O'Day's possession
from the Sheriff and ran them off in
the direction of the Hole In the Wall.
The^roads leading into Casper are
guarded and the approach of the gang
will be reported by couriers mounted
on swift horses.
CASPER, Wyo., Nov. 26.— A report
reached this place to-day that friends
of Tom O'Day, in considerable num
bers, had left the Hole in the Wall and
headed In the direction of Casper, pre
sumably bent on delivering him from
the County Jail.
"My mind has been a complete blank.
Where I had been and what I did I
cannot tell. All I know is that I was
very tired, which shows that I must
have walked a long way. I had some
money in my pockets when I started,
but had none when I awoke this morn
ing." • '
When told that his wife's bofly had
been buried, Patterson was very much
grieved and expressed a wish to see her
once more. The remains may now be
disinterred from Mountin View Ceme
tery, where they rest, and sent to Sac
ramento, at which place it was first in
tended to bury them.
He told his story as follows this aft
ernoon at the home of his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Jennie Hammond of 2414 Sixth
street:
'.'I remember going to the telephone
after my wife's death.' I could not get
the party I wanted and went to East
Berkeley, inte'nding' to telephone in
structions. I found the telephone of
fice closed and then started for Oak
land. I have a hazy recollection of
getting on 1 a car and being whirled
away into space somewhere, but that is
all I renwmber. This morning I seemed
to come back to my senses with a
start. I was in a strange place and a
man told me it was somewhere in Oak
land—away out somewhere from the
center of town.
Frederick C. Patterson, the man who
dropped out of sight while arranging
for the funeral of his wife and did not
return .even to mourn at . her bier,
found his way back to-day to the house
that was the scene of his bereave
ment. Patterson says his mind has
been a blank since his wife died in his
arms Saturday evening, and he does
not remember anything that happened
after going to the telegraph office to
arrange with Mayor Clark of Sacra
mento for her burial. For four days
he wandered about, not knowing or re
alizing anything until the light came
back into, his mind this morning on the
streets of Oakland.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 26. .
The people from Oakland board a
cur at the corner of Fourteenth street
and .Broadway and pay 5 cents fare.
They are then deposited at the corner
of Fortieth street and Broadway, where
they take the Berkeley train, and when
the conductor comes through to col
lect the tickets they pay an additional
30 cents, though they ride a very small
fraction of the distance of the Berke
ley passengers. The car that starts
from Fourteenth street and Broadway
is labeled Key Route in no uncertain
letters, but an additional fare Is
charged nevertheless. The people of
Oakland feel that as long as Key Route
cars are run into Oakland they should
be given the same privileges as the
passengers from Berkeley and that the
new system has been in operation long
enough to have permitted the manage
ment to give them equal privileges
with the people of Berkeley. The ac
tual terminus of the Key Route is in
Oakland and the Oakland franchises
were secured without* trouble, while
there has always; been some difficulty*
over the Berkeley franchises.
The twenty-minute service of the new
route will go into effect on Saturday
morning. The first boat from San
Francisco will leave at 6:10 o'clock and
then every twenty minutes until 7 p.
m., after which boats will leave at 8,
9. 10, 11:10 and 12:30 o'clock.
From Berkeley the first train will
leave at 6 a. m. and then every twenty
minutes until 6:55 and then every hour
from that time on until 11:05, which is
the last train.
The time from Fourteenth street and
Broadway, Oakland, is the same as
from Berkeley. . . .
When the people of Berkeley board
one of the Key Route trains they pay
10 cents to the conductor, who gives
them a check or. ticket. This ticket is
later collected back by the conductor
after the train has left Oakland.
The people of Oakland are beginning
to wonder what benefit they derive
from the new Key Route ferry sys
tem. It is now nearly a month since
the new ferry started and while the
patrons of the route that ride from
Berkeley are paying 10 cents for a trip
to San Francisco, the people from Oak
land are paying 15 cents, the new route
taking advantage of the extra 5 cents
from those who have curiosity enough
to want to try the new system.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 26.
Friends Fear for Life
of Los Angeles
Woman.
Dr. Chamberlain's Horseless
Carriage Quickly De
stroyed by Fire.
Press Intimates That Eng
land Is Thus Inviting
Trouble.
Reason Suddenly Returns to
Him on the Streets of
Oakland.
Twenty-Minute Service Be
gins on Saturday. Morn
ing Next;.
Citizens of the Town Will
Assist the Officers if
Necessary.
Day of Rioting in
the Italian .
Capital.
Believes Attempt Is Be
ing Made to Seize
Thibet.
Passengers Pay Addi
tional Nickel on
"Key Route.'*
n J • 1 TX AM •
Frederick O. Patterson,
Bereaved Husband,
Olin Tait, Chauffeur, Is
Burned by Blazing *
Gasoline.
Sheriff Pears Friends of
O'Day May Try to
Rescue Him.
MERCHANT'S
WIFE WEAVES
A MYSTERY
ROMAN MOBS
VENT HATRED
OF AUSTRIA
DEPUTIES GUARD
JAIL AT CASPER
RUSSIA SUSPECTS
BRITISH MOTIVES
MIND A BLANK
FOR FOUR DAYS
OAKLANDERS PAY
AN EXTRA FARE
FLAMES ENVELOPE
AN AUTOMOBILE
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
wood, from Albion; itmr Brooklyn, from Eu
reka. .- •;¦'¦„¦
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov. 2«— Etmr G«o W
EM«rv •*)•¦»<* Kw2». "• -* <"' •-.-•
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 2<i— Etmr Mackinaw-.
Late Shipping-' Intelligence
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
REDONDOr-Arrived Xov 26 — Stmr Green-
(or £»n FtmjcUco.
DUNKIRK, Nov. 26.— It Is feared that
t he Dunkirk bark Alexander, was lost
In the hurricane of Saturday last. The
Alexander left Dunkirk for Shields on
November 18. ., , 1, .;. '
Pear Bark Alexander Is Lost.
Watson and Peterson were taken to
the City Prison and booked on a charge
of attempt to commit robbery, and Wat
son had an additlonarcharge at imper
sonating an officer booked against him.
They deny that they assaulted Carroll
or made any attempt to, rob him.".
A man notified Policeman Henneber*
ry Bhortly after 4 o'clock ' yesterday
morning that two men were attempting
to rob "another man on Clay street.
Henneberry hurried to the scene and
placed E. A. Watson, an agent, and C.
A. Peterson, i a saloonkeeper, under, ar
rest.
Henneberry made a search -of. several
saloons in the neighborhood till ho
found A. Carroll, a sailor living at 5
Washington street, who identified Wat
son and Peterson as the two men who
had assaulted and attempted to rob
him. He also claimed that Watson had
represented himself as an officer and
•had demanded money from him under
a threat of being arrested.
Agent and Saloonkeeper Find Them
selves in Awkward Predicament
¦ * and Also in Jail.
4
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
BERKELEY PROFESSOR'S
STB.ANGE LIFE
AMONG THE CLIFF
DWELLERS.SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PtTBLJC. *
Th© Original Little Beneficencia Fub
lica Company of San Francisco,
ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1S93.
PARIS, Nov. 26.— A Genoa, Italy, cor
respondent of the Liberte says the
Princess Alice of Schoenburg-Walden
burg, wife of Prince Victor Frederick
of Schoenburg-Waldenburg, and a
daughter of Don Carlos, who Is living
quietly with her maid of honor at
Sorri, a village on the coast of Italy,
about nine miles from Genoa, is deeply
chagrined at the false reports of her
elopement.
ROME,, Nov. 26.— Count Despa, who
lives at Sorrl, near Genoa, where Prin
cess Alice of . Schoenburg-Waldenburg
went from Rome, telegraphs as follows:
, "I beg to deny the Infamous accusa
tion brought against Princess Alice of
P.ourbon, who reserves all judicial
prosecution to herself."
The relatives of the Princess living in
Romp, including Princess Brancairro
(nee Field) of New York, give the,fol
lowing explanation:
Four months ago the Princess, after
asking a separation from her husband,
left him. Going to ; the Riviera on a
visit to Sorri, where her name Is known,
she decided to . remain Incognito, arid
took the name of her maid, Maternl,
who is the wife of the coachman,-Eml
llo. the. man with whom the Princess Is
paid to have run away.. Prico, a broth
er of the coachman, and who has been
mentioned as having reported the al
leged escapade of the Prinecss . to . her
husband, has never been out of Rome,
where lie is employed by Prince Masa
mo, husband of Princess Alice's sister.
Author Zangwill Takes a Bride.
* LONDON. Nov. , 26.— Israel , Zangwlll,
the author/ and Edith Ayrton, daughter
of.W. E. Ayrton.'' president of the Insti
tute" of Electrical Engineers, were mar
ried quietly* to-day in the registry ; office
in the East End of London. A number
of f distinguished guests -were ] present. , .
1 ¦ ' Fitz has won'agaln. but the' gas range
always wins if purchased from the S. rv
Gaa and Electric Co., 415 Post St.. •
Better cat gray bread In youth than In
old age.
ALLKNTOWN. Pa.. Nov. 26.— Rev. Dr. Th«
odore Ij. Klep. • president of Muehlbcrg Collegs
and a member of the Statn College and Uni
versity Council, was stricken with apoplexy
to-day and Is critically 111.
Replying to an address delivered by
Lord Brassey during the reception,
President Loubet expressed the great
pleasure the visit of the members of
Parliament gave him, and referred to
the happiness he experienced during
his recent visit to the British capital.
"He said he hoped the example of the
two great nations of Western Europe
In signing an arbitration treaty would
be generaly followed. '.• The proceedings
of the reception were most cordial.
A great banquet . Avas given to-night
at which MM. Bertholet and Jaures
were the principal * speakers. Bertholet
recalled the' efforts of the two coun
tries in : the cause of. f reedom^ and
strongly, urged the- adoption of, a gen
eral system of arbitration. He said
he rejoiced at the signing of the treaty
between Great Britain and France, and
added: : - ¦¦'¦ . .
v "No doubt .the United States will
willingly join us.", ...
. ' Sir William Henry Houldsworth . pro
posed ¦ the health of President • Loubet
and, thanked the French people for the
cordial welcome they had given , the
visitors. Premier , Combes made " a
speech in praise of international arbi
tration. 'He declared that the >' treaty
between' France and : Great; Britain ! had
been ; ratified by the _ public opinion of
the: two' countries, and criticized who-
PARIS, Nov. 26.— Members of the
British Parliament, who, with their
wives and daughters, are returning the
visit to London of French Senators
and Deputies, representing the Inter
national Arbitration group, had a busy
day. \ The most prominent of the Par
liamentarians were entertained by the
leading Deputies, and the others by the
staff of the Siecle. Visits to the Sen
ate and. Chamber of Deputies followed,
and at 5 o'clock a reception was given
at the Elysee, Baron d'Estournelles
Constant introducing the members and
their families individually to President
and Mme. Loubet.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 26.— The Amer
ican colony gave a ball to-night In cel
ebration of Thanksgiving day. . Em
bassador Clayton and a committee re
ceived President Diaz on his arrival at
the ball.
Celebrate Thanksgiving Day.
treasure was $10
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 26.— A fam
ily of Ignorant Siberian peasants re
cently arrived on foot, after traveling
3000 miles In six months, at Tomsk.
Siberia, with a wagon filled with a sup
posed fortune in gold. They found on
arrival at the mint that the value of the
Siberian Peasants Are Badly Fooled.
French Deputies Rejoice
at Signing of Treaty
With Britain.
Story That Daughter of
Don Carlos Eloped
Is Unfounded.
SPEAK IN FAVOR
OF ARBITRATION
FALSE REPORTS
ANNOY PRINCESS
AH prizes of this company are paid In full
immediately on presentation at the office of
the company In San Francisco. . ¦
$10,000 reward will be paid to- any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our offlce and was refused payment. •
ever said the limitations of the treaty
rendered unimportant the essential act.
These limitations, he said, were due
only to the prudent introduction of new
principles, but he believed the seeds
sown' would grow to a mighty tree.
Combes said It was the duty of the
Government to give the treaty In Its
existing form the sanction of experi
ence. He had no doubt that It would
result in spreading faith in arbitra
tion, and possibly the day was not far
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Beneflcencla Publlca Company. Thurs
day, November 26. 190.1: No. 43831 wins (7500.
eold In San Francisco. Cal.: No. 24924 wins
$2500, sold In San Francisco, Cal. ; No. 45803
wins *1250. sold In Portland, Or.: Nos. 8073,
277OC. 33302. 5S939 and KJM4 each wins $1^5.
sold In Stockton. San Francisco, Grass Valley
and Los Angeles.
This company paid to Albert McAusland. 29
Grant avenue. San Francisco. $3750 for one
half ticket No. 72813. dated November 7. 1903:
to Henry E. Chollet. 3« Geary street. San
Francisco, $1000, for one-half ticket No. 4C143.
same date; to Louts Folk. 3fi Geary street. San
Francisco. $1000. for one-half ticket No. 4R14S.
came date, and to Mrs. Morris Levy. 1634
Geary street. ?500 for one- half ticket No. 553,
same date.
TO THE PUBLIC'! BEWARE OP COUN
TERFEITS!! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R. G. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on becks thereof.
THE BENEFICENCIA COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
ORGANIZED MAT, 1900.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 26.— Official no
tices have been posted at the Demmler
mill of the American Tinplate Company
to the effect that the entire plant will
be started next Sunday. All employes
are requested to report on Saturday.
The company desires to know Just how
many will accept the 20 per cent reduc
tion recently proposed. The hot mills
of the McKeesport Tinplate Company's
plant at Portvue will start next Mon
day. A reduction similar to that at the
Demmler mill will be offered, and, it
Is said, will be accepted.
Tinplate- Plant to Be Reopened.
VALLEJO, Nov. 26.— George Pensa
cola, on trial at Suisun for the murder
of Fred Potter on the Sacramento Riv
er, v.as found guilty of murder In the
second degree. The Judge charged the
Jury yesterday afternoon, but they
failed to reach a verdict until this
morning. Pensacola is a Greek fisher
man and claimed he killed Potter In
self-defense. The date for pronounc
ing sentence has not yet been set.
Slayer of Fisherman Must Answer
for Murder in the Second
Degree.
MISSOULA. Mont., Nov. 26.— Word
was sent to Fort Missoula late this
afternoon by Major Smead. Indian
agent on the Flatheaa Reservation,
that the Indian police are unable to
cope with Joe Morrigeau and his band
of cowboys, who have 1500 head of stock
on the reservation and refuro to pay
the grazing tax. A request was made
to send troops to the scene of the
trouble with orders to run off the Mor
rigeau band.
Major Torrey, Captain ', Maxle and
fifty men, on orders from Washington,
were ordered to the scene at once.
The hurry march gave rise to ail
sorts of rumors, among which is one
that a Deputy Sheriff has been shot
and two or three Indian policemen
wounded.
Morrigeau is in the Little Bitter Root,
forty miles from the railroad.
The troops will be compelled to march
overland the distance named.
Refuse to Pay Grazing
Tax for Their Stock
on Reservation.
The discharged men deny that they
took any part in acts of violence and
complaint will be made to Mayor Har
rison and the Aldermanic Mediation
Committee, which pledged itself during
the negotiations for a settlement to
demand from the company an adequate
reason and proof of violence before
any striker should be refused work.
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— Cars were run
to-night by the Chicago City Railway
for the first time after dark since the
strike was called two weeks ago.
While the struggle was on, the service,
operated under police protection, was
abandoned each day shortly after 4
o'clock, in order to avoid any possible
attack that might be made by strike
sympathizers under cover of darkness.
The entire sj'stem was put in operation
to-day and there was little evidence of
the struggle that came to a peaceful
ending yesterday.
When the strikers reported for duty
this morning all of them, with the ex
ception of fifty-nine, were given work.
Of the fifty-nine men whom the com
pany refused to reinstate, fifty-three
were train-service employes and six
were members of the cable splicers'
union. These men. It Is asserted by
the officers of the railway, were guilty
of disorderly conduct during the dis
pute, and, according to the terms of
the settlement, were ncft entitled to re
instatement.
COWBOYS DEFY
AN INDIAN AGENT
TKIAH, Nov. 26.— Articles of incor
poration of the Savings Bank of Men
doefno County were filed with the
County Clerk yesterday, together with
an affidavit that 50 per cent of the cap
ital stock had been paid in. The new
!>ank has a capital stock of $C>0,000. and
its first directors are J. M. Mannon, A.
F. Redemeypr, J. H. Barker, George W.
£tout and J. L. McCracken. Its prin
cipal place of business is to be located
at L'kiah. with a branch at Willits.
Mendocino Bank Incorporated.
Normal Conditions Are
at Last Restored in
Chicago.
ALL STREETCARS
AGAIN RUNNING
your.c man of this city, narrowly es
caped drowning in the waters of the
lagu^ last night. He was on his way
to a country dance and in some man
ner his horse and vehicle went off the
bridge. Cook dees not remember how
the accident occurred, but found him
self floundering in the water. The
horse and vehicle managed to reach
ph<<re and Cook succeeded in breasting
the water and reached the bank. He
r^cured his rig and drove on to the
•lance, despite the drenching to which
he was subjected.
Santa Hosa Resident Tumbles Into
a Stream Eefcre Participating
in Festivity.
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 26.— Joe Cook, a
FLOUNDERS IN WATER
BUT GOES TO THE DANCE
EVERETT, Wash., Nov. 26.— Sixty
shingle producers in session here have
agreed to affiliate with the Interstate
Red Cedar Shingle Association which
is in process of organization. Head
quarters will be established In Seattle.
The association expects to include all
shingle manufacturers of the Pacific
Northwest and to control the output
and apportion the product for
mill.
The daily output is to be limited as
follows: Double blocks, 120,000; single
blocks, 60,000; Dunbar, 200,000; Mitchell
Clipper. 30.000; Hall machines, 30,000;
ten block, 200,000. The rules become
effective on January 1, when priceB are
to be as follows: Stars $1 50, clears
51 60, standards 60 cents, Eurekas $2,
perfections $2 25. This is an increase
of 20 cents a thousand. The associa
tion guarantees to handle seventy-five
per cent of the output of all the mills
in the combination that manufacture
the proper portion at the fixed price.
It also agrees to take the remaining
twenty-five per cent but at slightly re
duced rates.
Boundary Decision Causes
Recommendation in Par
liament.
New Association Will Have
Headquarters 111
Seattle.
Lieutenant Governor
Speaks to British
Columbians.
Northwest Manufactur
ers Propose to Con
*trol Output.
Assurance Company Of
ficial Is Missing in
Arizona.
AGENT'S ABSENCE
CAUSES ALARM
SHINGLE MEN
FORM COMBINE
FAVORS A LINE
TO THE YUKON
flnCT* 'BIA, B. C. Nov. 26.— The first
b« Erion ot the tenth Parliament of Brit-
jvh Columbia was convened this after
uwri by Lieutenant Governor Sir Henri
joly ce Lotbinlere. The Lieutenant
Governor said:
•'As a result of the recent decision in
the Alafkan boundary Inquiry a strong
feeling exists in favor of an all-Cana
dian route to the Yukon and Northern
fc'mish Columbia. My Government will
co-operate in any reasonable efforts
which may be made to bring rbout the
construction cf such a railway."
The Lieutenant Governor also noted
the probability c ; t ne early completion
of the Grand Trunk Pacific to the Brit
ish Columbia coast.
In addition to his insurance business
Dalton conducted a real estate agency.
He had lived here for many years, was
once principal of the Phoenix schools
and later Territorial Superintendent of
Public Instruction. He has always b?en
held in the hiehest esteem. He is of
middle a&e and a widower.
Dalton left here saying he was going
to Bisbee, and directed that his mail
be placed in his desk and lecked up
pending instructions to forward it. Xo
Instructions have been received and he
cannot be located by any of hi& friends.
Edward Grunsfeld, manager of the
Arizona, New Mexico and West Texas
business of the Equitable, was in
formed and arrived here this morning.
In conversation with him the inference
that Dalton is short in his accounts
with the company cannot be concealed,
but to what amount Manager Gruns
feld carmot say till by proper authority
he is jjiven access to Dalton's desk.
The announcement is made, however,
that his relations with the company
have been severed and a new man will
be appointed at once, the company pro
tecting all patrons.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov. 2i>.— Surprise
at the disappearance about two weeks
ago of Thomas E. Dalton, territorial
agent of the Equitable Life Assurance
Association, has dissolved itBelf into
the general belief that he has bid these
parts a final farewell, by reason of an
involved financial situation.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Fear Exists That Funds of
Employers Were Mis
appropriated.
THE FAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
LAREDO. Texas. Nov. 28w— The official y»l
low fever bulletin to-night chronicles only on*
death, making the total deaths to date 99
and the total cases 1220.
distant when both nations would agree
to submit all differences, however im
portant, to arbitration. In conclusion
the Premier said:
"I propose the health of the sover
eign to whom we owe it, Edward."
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by The Beneflcencla Public* Company ot
the City of Mexico. November 28. 1903: "No.
43831 wins $7300. sold In San Francisco. Cal.;
No. 24924 wins $2300. sold In San Francisco.
Cat.; No. 45803 wins $1250. -sold In Oakland
and San Francisco: Nos. S073. 277081, 35.TO2,
S8939. (S3554 each wins $125. sold In Graaa Val
ley. Reno (Nev.), Sacramento and San Fran
cisco.
. The following capital prizes were paid by
the. above M. & F. Co. for October 22. 1900:
Charley Slneler, carpenter. 2100 Encinal av»..
Alameda. Cal.. $3750; H. E. Dempsey. 1563
Broadway. Oakland. Cal.. $3750; Wm. J.
Haye«. bookkeeper A. Blow & Co.. 304 Mont
gomery St.. San Francisco, Cal., $1250; H. I*
Tl.oilall, 12 Stelner st., San Francisco. Cal.,
$1250; W. K. Habbart. 3309 Army St.. Saa
Francisco. Cal., $1252 50. •
Owinr to the fact that numerous schemes u%
placed before the public from time ta time. *•
wculd respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from responsible
agents and to see that their tickets read «-»
follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCLM
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO, ORGANIZED SEPTEM
BER, 1893.
5
PENSACOLA IS FOUND
GUILTY BY THE JURY
ADVEBTISEKZUTS.
M/IS1 9tfl S %1 Home can be completely
WW V Oil %M & Q V ha PPy thou t them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex«
l%I^fp^i^A pectant mother must pass usually in
I «^H 9 H^ SO U^ °^ s 11^" 11^ danger and fear
I %& 8 %M fi V ttat she looks fonvar 4 to tne critical
U hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating, and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so ¦prepares the system for the
ordeal that she passes through BjB £K ft jjta J> S^9
the event safely and with but iWS S S II » a^ k
little suffering,, as numbers If iv liMSa^yM
have testified and said, "it is o -m
worth its weight in gold. 1 ' $1.00 per E[|^|Ai|>/l
bottle of druggists. Book containing || n B g I i 8 B
valuable information mailed free. H ¦ M wEMva
JM BRADFItLD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. G* .
THE EMPORIUM . j , THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM j THE EMPORIUM.
The Filipino MitigetsSmaHest of Living People-- Are Here : ;
Exhibited for first iimejn America— Free— Daily 10 to 12 and 2 to 5 — on second floor. jj
*mmmmmmm*m*mmmmm^m^mmmmmmmmmmmwmwmwtmmmmwmmmwmmmmwmmwmmmwm^mwmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^mwmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrmmmmmmmmmmmf^mmmmm^m-wmm
Safe Of Hat Pins Special Sale Goods ordered by mail ¦ Dolls 1S&G ? $V^. \
TO-Day Only, 27c, 43C or telephone will not be sent C. O. D, To- Day Only ;?
f--g. 30 pretty designs of \£7^ '• These Dolls, 10 inches tall, with \[ . M *
v"'<4$?SK extra length Hat Pins, >4^rV> a*sK^ j m^/L^*^(- a mm **^» pretty bisque head, mohair iw.JI'' \
\ ?%S/ J -°™f d .P^>. "me g«v fL^// /lW///ffittW wig and shoes and stockines, UU *
Y \'¥W nnlshcd > u " lth various styles ot T&T M £ IL^^/Jf&fi/ fc/ ft^^#^/jL_^ enprial tn H-iv nnlv SB *
y$ ] f pretty stone retting the 75c CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- /_ ._ -^,. ¦¦¦ On Special Sale tO-d.1V OnlV. -.„ ,%
f- S3 and 50c kinds— to-dav ... • ¦¦¦¦ 11 \\\.nmtr^BS^^ sm^^^ each J2C 5g '-
i; J 43O and 27O -aU^mmt^AL* ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE MablAisU. Q *
Exceptional Millinery Values Men's Clothing That Satisfies |
_ . f+ u QOQ ' . "':"; ¦¦".' \ , t .„ , '.'; ' " iU ; That is the strength of our Clothing Department—the clothing £
End of the season prices, with months of wear still ahead, for the that we sel , you sai£sfieSm . We exercise the utmost care in buying, 5
newest and pretty conceits in ladies', misses' and children's Hats. using the product of only well-known and responsible makers. The J
For example: clothing we sell looks good, is made right, and is sold at our depart- J
New Turbans — Zibrine crown, with vclvc: facing and edged with fancy ment store small profit. %
braid, finished with pompons and, fancy wings; dainty, stylish millinery, Men's Overcoats $15.00 — «4^-^"* > 5
made by our own experienced milliners, that would be £fryw f% g£ In a variety of Styles, Umt^i v^r
good value up to $7. 50, now .....'... v,. . *. . such as can only be y=z^J JOvTs. C^? 5
Ladies' Hals, $8.95— Seme of th?m worth a'most double this price, made of obtained in stores of V^ v. / i?j$P^>^i^3 |
velvet and silk, trimmed with wings, birds, plumes and aigrettes, in a good largest Size. 1 he ma- ///{ \\i S
assortment of co'ors, in^uding violet and brown; values up gfhg% *%^ jonty of these over- M A \^ iXr^AFr^X «
-^. to 515.00, for $8.95 f oa !l are in the ! W .°/J / ,k\ \ mV l\ I
s P ccial L{n « Trimmed Hals-Tarbans, felt,, len *ths so popular this /« 1 JJ\\./ L\ %
s^S^^Wk^ velvet and braid effects, all trimmed in season — the medium, Wfl | W^ 1 \ G^ i I • ®^) *
jZ^T -4ia»l\ the latest style, with plumes pompons, a trifle below the knee, W j V-^VJM9i, X V I
0WT{ aigrettes and breast,; also black and and ' the On g- ! 00SC ' 1 H \ VTvCaSJL A *
Sf^Mi ik=.-=±—-=z= =J S WJ „ 8 , _ .. .„ '. ;-¦ swagger style — made of \ , A' \ \ "S*A\ J%\^k «
•^lll '^^^^S^T\/ French Sai or Hats, in the new winter o ? 6 , '. . - , . , H I \ \/®^^l "^^o^ 7 %
! )i t^iM'|it'.-^^5arg-^s^ coloring and ticatly trimmed; also Bonnets and **?'?* - vl ° > » CK | 1 I 1 1 /.^i^s^ / X
tySmi&lr Toques trimmed with plumes, breasts and aigrettes, ™J?* ""^ ene J I ! I IA T^s. f \ %
¦%.^9 fv : worth from 58.50 to 510 each; £>* Q - m . b^ ue T «. n / black .»* I \ VAj A / $
¦W '>) now on sale « ....... . . $6*95 mixed p!«idi in mixed ffl | \ .1 / 1 JBB \* i |
f%£L\ "* Misses' Hats -A" good atsottmmt. in the rcady-to-wcar stylo, in AM Of tbc lm " • liSJlIi/J ifl t'Vih 3
. fyfj^^^J " biack, blue, brown and tan, that were <z. 5 o,'n3Mr . .$1.50 portant parts are hand W, J/ [Wi I II /f//f 'J
-^ ' Children's Hats— Of scratchrd felt, trimmed with streamers; co'- workld. which means the Wwi ' Jr?* \o» VL- w-Jk^- X
Wf*^^) ors white, blue anJ brown, now riduced to $1.50 best of fit and' wear W\'l\ titl \*tt * •*
Good lne Children's Everyday Hats at 95O ucst OI nc ana W « r ¦ WiS^ ' 9* hZS J
ffffgf/ if £y '*
35G StStiSiH TSlffctSi RihhOnS j20G LonjP«nUSultt^forig«ii to 19 y«r ? , Boys' Lonj.Cut Overcoat— And very loo 3e j
Single or double breasted coats. We study fitting, warm Oxford gray materifj, with *el- Jg
Choicest Coloring- -TO-day Only the young man's tastrs very carefully, and be vet coUar and slash pockets. Other storss X
. . , , n . UL^ " . ¦. he given to srdate or extreme pmrrn, in hb «^w you the »arne .trie,, b«t not at the -J
The plain rich colored Ribbons that you are in need of right now clcth ; n?> we can ture:jr m the m ia *
for your holiday fancy work, for neckwear, for sashes, etc., on line of extra vaiu? suits & {T AA 15 years . . . .° §2m45 X
sale to-day at a saving of one-third. 3000 yards extra fine qual- " *p%*m%M%M Youths* Extra Trousers— in a plentiful variety 'J
ity all silk Ribbon; the' latest shades of choice coloring, also black, Ex^ a1^ S T~2\ e °*? the new f eter f 1:^?,^ pt "T- A new . pair f 5
.,,,.. . . r- • 1 -ii 1 , • — .^^ '¦. Thompson tuit with long trousers, made, of trousers will tone up the yonag mans partly
Width 4 in., best finish possible tO be put On a Satlll *2>Hgff+ navy hue Washington cheriot, chevron on worn c. at and vest wenderfiiDy. The* are 1
ribbon. Actual Value 35c yard; Friday Only • • >\ /...'. :. ;^« %0%* . sleeves, and white -braid:d collars and cuffs, for boys 12 to 19 years of age'. •
embltm on jhield; a very jaunty suit alto- Scotch Tweed Trousers 31m75to$3i4-S X
jL am AlSle. gether; ages 3 tj 10 yearj . . .$5,00 StripedWorsted Trousers $2*45 to S6m5O '*
Special Safe Women's Shoes Men's Hats and Caps \
TOifet Articles Two Stylos at 92.5O - Im "Ktofisbury" Hats lor Men— New $
Friday Only Two handsome patterns of Women's &lfffi&8&M*wW&f$f* tai1 st /' c Derbies, guararrccd to "J
Toilet Soap— Hard milled, nicely scented vio- Winter Shoes, suitable for rainy nn Hi ## CO WC " ° DC C " : eit l^ at are *
ler, hellotrop: or jockey dub;, a m 9 weather or for dress purposes; shoes $1*00 Kind, 69C made for the price .. .$3.00 ?
regu'ar 25c b9x; specat to-day.. i*ZC with all the style and fini«h of many that Wright's Health Underwear — For warmth, Ca^k n a i r j am (VShanlcrs— All *
Tooth Powder— Eastman s high grade 25c are sold for double the price: one Blucher ccmlort, durability and non-irritating and colors "7K~ anrJ 4*1 O/» "5
sze, large sprinkler top; to-day cut the oth-r a rr eu'ar lace fhoc male of • r • t, COlOM. . ... 7OC™& §lmOO *
¦ l • ' #«#» • °-"-r a rrgu ar uc~ snoe, male or sanirarv o:alitie«, these garments are un- Ai.«/»™.«KSl-. r-«- In I-,.k-, -*
ony, bott.c t*PU good vici kid, with patent leather tips, j\ v v e 4 v - Automobile Cops — I Q C.otn or leather. %
Toilet Ammonia - Kirk's Violet- mg% welted extension ,o!es, military or Cuban ™V™*\ to-day and Saturday *c of- - ;•¦ *45c ™ $3.00 I
8 o, .botMworth toe; to-dayonly 1UG heeh; pa ' r $ 2 .50 f " them in l ™ S ood co!o "; /*€)*% Goll Caps-Piain and fancy pat:crni. '?
Violet Water-ktrlt e, a true «olet odor, del- <r, rtion ?—]?;„},{ instead of Ji.oo psr gatment wJFO «SS *n~ 7K~ <inn *
icate ani Iaiting; 73c 8 oz. bot.; __- action 2 Klgtlt. x * * t c a • 4OO 9 OUC, /OC, >1.UO %
, . e> /j > — ¦"""¦¦¦"™ 1^ ™""-""-""^^"^ Shield Bows — Made of remnants of 50c and _ . . _, _. . *!
VoCtocs^lo-day ill Sliit Oep't . k -? •» • '™ **•*<-**»¦ |
if 1 1 i- 1 n j ,,.,,' , , ___ " a«sor;m»nt: en special sa e to- /Sl*n/iflHiae I «•«¦>««••«« «
Violet Talcum Powder -Wilbert's, 6 oz., D*%m**a*%mm+*+ j c * j ¦ , ixrOGGrieSj, LIUUOt m S '5
ga« sprinkler tap. j*rs, nicely r«fameJ, a 0^0^1115 day and Saturday only, OCT^ FHdaV and %
very high grade talcum; regularly -_ „ ... , , two for ......... «VU ITMUay UHU OaiUrOay J
25c jar; to-day. ...... 12C Coats, SUltS, skirts, dresSCS and -a-i Butter— Firkin Creamery; by thr lb . .26O X
Mnin ll i si, '' waists — styles that have been good Maul Aisle. Extra Coffee— Java and Mocha; the best; lb 5
S sellers (but now only one or a few Me "'» En S"»h Squares - The mH.h new . . 2 Qo $
*fc^_^ m * mm c u- j\ j j r j- shapts, iull size, beautiful new silks; _ -^ Extra Standard Fruits — Peachw, apricots, m
Sale Of HOSe of.kind) are reduced for immediate 75C P va iue», fa \50C pear, or plums; ,#-* tins; fatheVd.,! S
With Qtllr rn,/,^,'^^^ clearance to prices like these : M<n . $ N , sht 0 b eJ _ O f gocd quality muslin P« do f-» St.48; a tins 25o m
V -// # » «2 Orel# S O Kersey Coat, now . $9.5O or Domet flannel, fell width and length, Mackerel-Choice Irish rlsh; new catch; x ,J
initial, BOX. SOO $23.^o^^ Kersey Coats, now. $J7.5O nicely trmmed SOO fish 2SO %
Ladies' imported 2-thread Maco J*S-oo Velour Co«, now. S17.5O Men's Fancy Dress Shirts -In «U the new J^* 1 SllflP""^^?" 11 1^ 5^'^
Cotton Hose, Hermsdorf black, f 37 " 50 l^T^T' "° W iZZ'IR styles, .tri P «, dot, and the famous Good V,hl,kles-O.d Keller, Naaonal dub >T
•ii u- A 1 IOU " 11 trw » S30.00 Norfolk Suits, now $22 m 5 ' . *# tzn or McBrayer; spring of '94; straight Bour- •»
with white hand-embroidered 5 . 03 zibeiin: Suits, now $20.00 grays ' * ' * ' $UB e ° bon, } pL, $3.t6; b«de . ..7 Bo i
Silk initial. These Hose have $\ 2. 50 Z : bdine Suits, now $ 32m5O Men's Ho»e — Mcd um weight cotton, fast j i?o ChlantI — Iulian-Swiss colony; half jt
high SDliced heels double soles 145.00 Crepe de Chine costume j, now black, tan, and black with unbleached feet, p ; nO . 2 Qo 5
arepack^hrrepai^sina^^^ ¦ ¦ ' ' $37. SO black Vicuna or natural color Merino, Rock and Rye- Cry^^ed; for cough, and |
arepacKeatnreepairsina dox, u^ and 9? Dtw skirts that . were P alr 2So coldt *m o C
and make a most acceptable slightly damaged from display— now . . . Health Underwear — Silk finished Glauen- Malt Nutrlne— Anheuser-Busch's; doi. . . X
Christmas ?ift; tO-day Only, at $2.25 bury* best quility Australian lambs wool, . ..$2m15 {E
the unheard of price per box Q5o tl.oo and $10.00 Silk Waists, now telling in medium uriight, all sizes; gar- Old Globe or Kentucky River Whiskies— J
Main Aisle. for . . . . . $3.95 and $5.95 ment .....: ... . . SUSP Spring of '91; gal . . . . . . S/.95 g
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
lliillll
Ton Caa Depend Upon the Word of This
San Francisco Citizen.
She has had the experience.
Sho has thoroughly tested the article.
Shr round it as represented.
Slif has absolute faith in its merit.
Mrs. Ge'irpe Paul <Geo. Paul employed
with tho Pacific States Telephone and
Telegraph Co.). residence 5 Avery street.
ways: "I never used any medicine or
had a proscription filled which did me as
much good as Doan's Kidney Pills. If
ever a woman required the use of just
such a strengthening, purifying and
cleansing remedy for the kidneys as
Doan's Kidney Pills are I am that party.
When I state that I suffered the most
r.poniziiiB pain in my back, that at times
the sllgrhtept movement increased the
suffering, that a little over-exertion or a
short walk always terminated in spasms
"f pains. I only half state the actual
facts. The treatment of Doan's Kidney
Pills acted directly on my kidneys,
stopped the backache, the languor and
depression which attended the attacks
ceased and my general health was so im-
proved that in place of housework being
a drap it was a pleasure to perform. I
was so convinced of the merits of Doan's
Kidney Pills that I pave a lady friend
of mine living in Oakland a few. She
followed up the treatment and reports to
me that the remedy is excellent. I cheer-
fully recommend Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N'. Y.. sole
apents f° r the United States.
Remember the name. Doan's. and take
;io substitute.
1305 Taxes 1805
Xotlce Is hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
i cal property and one-half of the taxes
en real property will be due and pay-
able on Monday, November 2, 1903, and
trin be delinquent on Monday, Novem-
ber 30, 19C3, at 6 o'clock p. m., and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added to the amount thereof.
and that if said one-half be not paid
before the last Monday In April next
at 6 o'clock p. m.. an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; thajt the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next,
a.nd will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
th* amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector, New
Oty Hall.
N. B. — For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day,
this office xvill be open continuously
> daring the month of November from
&:-0 a. in. to » p . m., commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
Is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the Increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay,
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers v.'.n greatly facilitate this
office and th»rr:sel%-es by bringing last
year's ta.x bin?..
<£fsr.ed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
<-f San rrar.eisM. '
zZ£°jrf? an d Colleges.
LE $-?£- G 2 ?w r ? ERS COLLEGE OF THE
WH . ,*; ?., ¦• Open er.tlre year.
; __ADVEBTISJEMENTS. ;
AWe open our new V
/ estab!ishment,26l to \
281 Geary Street, at V^j
Union Square. on Mon-
% day. 30 November- M
% closing our Market Jr
p Street store on Sat- S
IL^& urday, 28 Novomber ; fi^-i1. Th« "Swin*."
2. The "Hook."
The Nctv Verse Form.
The bachelor f e fights for one,
(Copyright/ 1903. by Rudyard Kipling )
As joyful as can be;
(Copyright. 1903. by Rudyard Kipling.)
But the married man don't call it fun
(Copyright. 1S03. by Rudyard Kipllne )
Because 'e fights for three —
(Copyright. 1903, by Rudyard Klplinr )
For 'Im and 'Er and It
(Copyright, 1903. by Rudyard Kipling)
(An' Two an' One makes Three)
(Copyright, 1903, by Rudyard Kipling)
'E wants to finish 'is little bit.
(Copyright. 1903. by Rudyard Kipling.)
An' 'e wants to go'ome to 'is tea!
(Copyright, 1903, by Rudyard Kipling.)
method as in swinging for the head,
except, of course, that the "circle" you
describe takes a slightly downward
instead of upward curve. Swing for
the heart with the right, for the wind
with the left. When swinging for the
kidneys, across the small of the back
(a blow that should never be employed
in a friendly bout between beginners),
use your right, as the other man will
be standing with his left side slightly
forward and the email of the back will
be more exposed and more easily reach
ed from that side.
A swing for the face Is guarded by
raising the right or left hand (accord
tng to which side the swing comes
from), so that the arm from nst to el
bow is perpendicular (hand. uppermost,
of course), the glove to one side of the
lead being at about the height of the
•ar." Or, if you prefer; you can usually
ruard a swing that is not too swift or,
quiring in every circumstance to be
used merely as a counter. In both
hooks and swings every thin? depends
on the soeed and accuracy of the blow
and on the power of putting the force
and weight of the body Into it. Re
member, when !¦ speak of "putting the
force and weight of the body" into a
blow, I do not mean that, In a friendly
bout, you shall strike with all that
strength. But the power should be
there, used in moderation, and capable
of .far greater use if necessary. In
the hook the body movement is given
more prominence than in the swing,
and in the "jolt" most of the force
-of the blow depends on the co-operation
of • the-body. - ¦ —
This brings me to the "jolt'; itself.
A. swing is delivered with the arm
stretched almost to full extent; a hook
with the. arm bent at an. angle 'of about
90 degrees. /A jdlt Is delivered .'with the
arm doubled at an. angle of almost 180
degrees, the. elbow' out from.' the body.
It Is always a close-Quarter blow.
Holding your right arm elbow down,
hand up, lead for your sparring part
ner's Jaw,, moving the hand less than
twelve" inches in delivering the blow,
but rising on the right toe and throw
tng"the right Bhoulder forward to lend
additional reach and power to the lead.
In. jolting with the left, rise on the
right toe again (keeping the left foot
flat on the ground in both instances),
and bringing forward the left shoulder
with the blow. s
The shoulder and arm . should not
move straight forward, but with a
slightly circular motion. This puts
more force Into the Jolt.
A POPULAR American author whose skill as a ro
manticist has been well established has, in his latest
book, ventured out of the realms of story-telling and
essayed a little voyage upon the sea of social economy.
After bewailing the disappearance of the typical American
frontiersman of the '30's and satisfying himself that with,
the buckskin and powder horn there departed also the back
bone of American nationality, the author makes the asser
tion that Canada is becoming—the only haven for our
latter day backwoodsmen, and that we are annually losing
to our • sister, commonwealth on the north an appalling
number of the flower of our citizens.
"Canada once lost one-fifth of her population to the
United States," says the amateur sociologist. "She is re
gaining much of it to-day, because she still has a west arid
we have none. There is systematic, deliberate and highly
differentiated effort going on toward the influencing of this
American immigration. To offset this we have nothing to
offer except^ the incoming "stream of city dwellers from
Europe and 1 the possible policy of national irrigation, subject
always to the dubious methods of American, politics. Gaze
once more, if you like, upon the picture of the old West and
the new." . . .^ . ,
The note of warning cannot be taken as seriously as it
would were it to come from some competent student of
American affairs, whose judgment would not be tinged
with a romantic affection for the things of the past. True
it is that thousands of Americans have taken up homes in
the great Northwest, and that British Columbia is being
subdued by the ax of the American Tio less than that of the
Canadian. Thousands also have invaded Mexico and now
practically control the mining interests of that country.
Other Americans are building railroads in .China, working
diamond mines in South Africa, raising coffee in Central
America. The same spirit which moved our ancestors, the
frontiersmen, to conquer the Ohip Valley in the first decade
of the nineteenth century is now, in. the. first half, of the
twentieth, bringing the world to our doors through the
ships of the seven seas. ¦ ' . ¦ <
It always has been that in" the history of our country
there are those restless ones whose joy in- life lies in
breasting the unsubdued' forces of nature. The forests arid
rugged mountains are theirs by choice; when the forests
disappear and the mountains are girdled by railroads they
put their~1iousehold into a covered wagon arid seek those
places where. there" is no smoke on the horizon. They are
the folk "who moved from Tennessee to Missouri, from
Missouri to Nebraska, from, Nebraska to Oregon arid now
to Canada. Their • departure i is neither a menace to the
continued welfare of the United States no* an indication
AMERICANS IN CANADA.
3. The "Jolt."
A fellow in Clark University has made the astounding
announcement that no American, enjoying the varied ex
perience that comes with 3 years of age, is safe from
Cupid's darts. This particular investigator has carried his
curious inquiry to the point of his own conviction that
heart susceptibility in a woman reaches its maturity at 22
years and in a man at 24 years. It is very evident that
somebody has been telling the secrets of Oakland.
is far more powerful than the Btraight
arm blow, but (on the same principle
of a straight line being the shortest
distance between two points) it is also
a much slower blow. If your sparring
partner led a straight blow for your
face at precisely the same Instant that
you swung for his face, and if neither
of you moved the head, his blow would
land before yours. For that reason the
swing should always be used as a
counter and not as a lead. Your an
tagonist leads for you with a straight,
blow. You block or duck his blow and
counter with a ewing. In such a case
your swing stands a good chance of
landing on him. But if you swing for
him before he leads he will have time
to send in a straight blow and to block
or avoid your swing. There is another
and still more cogent reason why you
should only use the swing as a counter.
WJie> you swing you leave one side of
your body and face practically un
guarded. Hence it is necessary to re
frain from Bjyinging until your oppo
nent has other work to attend to,
which will render him unable to take
advantage of the opening. Let him'
lead, therefore, before you swing. This
is worth remembering.
To swing for th' body, use the same
To Kuozl' the Game.
BT ALHErtT rAY^OV TEHHUNE.
'Athlrtlr Kw-eri of New York Hv^nlrx World;
author of "Munrlf Building." etc.)
( Cor>TlKlit. EMS, by Joseph E. Kowlee.)
Now let us try a right swing. When
your opponent leads for your face move
your head to the left and at the same
time Fwing the right arm in the same
way I have taught you to rwing the
'.eft. k«>pinff the palm turned out and
the back of the hand toward your op
ponent.
The swing, carrying as it does the
cumulative weight and force of arm
and body and gathering extra momen
tum from the long distance it travels.
MR. WILLIAM RANDOLPH HEARST is counted
out. That fortnight in which he was to "write for
Democracy its brightest page is up, and the said
page has not got as far as the proof galley. His issue on
Cuban reciprocity ended in all the Democrats \ but ten
voting with the administration, and nbwhe is out with" an
other on the isthmus of Panama. - L
Very naturally he sides with the degenerate hybrids of
Bogota, and against the more progressive and enlightened
folks. of the isthmus. -But it is time for Mr.' Hearst to let
canal affairs alone. When the McKinley administration
was using every resource for the Nicaragua route, and was
threading its way through the maze of international issues
raised by the three sovereignties that had to be. dealt "with
on that line, the Hearst papers daily beset the President
and denounced him for" offenses that existed in a perfetid
imagination. They appealed to every sentiment that could
be moved to oppose the. President, and attacked him per
sonally with that venom which folldwed him to the moment
of his assassination. We suspected then and believe now
that Mr. Hearst was actuated by no higher motive than the
promoting of interests antagonistic to any canal. But he
succeeded in obstructing and was instrumental in wasting
years of time, wh?n the interests of the world required the
prompt building of the canal.
When McKinley turned to the Panama project, wisely
seeking an alternative to the Nicaragua route, Mr. Hearst
used the publicity at his command to obstruct on that line.
Now he is putting more blue" bosh on the market, and while
the tongue is the tongue- of Hearst, the song it sings is
that of the combinations which are willing to put up mil
lions to beat any canal. He mourns because in the eyes of
Colombia, "We seem now not a great, free and liberty
loving republic, but a robber power, adopting for our rule
of conduct the brutal maxim that might makes right. In
their eyes we arc lost to all perception of justice and senti
ments of chivalry and deaf to every appeal that is not ad
dressed to our material interests." \.
If Mr. Hearst desires to look well in the eyes of the
special gang of revolutionary bandits who at this moment
rule Colombia, he is at liberty to go down there wrought
upon by a fellow feeling, and take pot luck with the tyrants
who have ruled the isthmus only to rob it.
Instead of human liberty suffering by the separation of
Panama, it is advanced, and made more secure. It is Mr.
Hearst's opinion that the Spooner act requires that the
President return to the old policy of walking in a circle,
and never getting anywhere, by turning to Nicaragua and
making canal treaties with Costa Rica and Nicaragua. The
Spooner act says that if the President cannot get permis
sion from Colombia to dig the Panama Canal, in a reason
able time, he shall try the other route. ¦ Because Colombia
had sovereignty of the isthmus when the Spooner act
passed the name was used. But suppose that a revolu
tionary congress, like the one that wiped out New Granada
and installed Colombia in its place, had meantime met and
wiped out Colombia and called it "Hearstom," or "Dirty
sally," would. Mr. Hearst, contend that ''the President would
have no power to treat with it because the name had been
changed? : . . ., .„ ... , :
The thing to be dealt with is the sovereignty of* the
isthmus. We could not dig a canal there in the midst of
constant civil war. Therefore, a new sovereignty having
appeared called the republic of Panama, strictly according
to the Spooner act we deal with it, we make a canal treaty,
and we propose to keep the isthmus from having revolu
tionary cat fits long enough to enable us to dig the canal,
let the water in and start the world's commerce flowing
through the new channel. This may all seem very sad to
Mr. Hearst, but we venture the prediction that if it come
tp a vote in Congress the best element in the Democracy
will sustain the administration
MORE BLUE BOSH.
too heavy by the same means with
which ;you would guard a straight
blow. "Guard a body swing by catch
ins it glancing on the fore arm and
throwing Tthe blow.: forward, or by
catching it on the palm' of your glove
find knocking- it *outw.artl.' If possible,
when you ste : a swing coming, step
back out" of "reach 'ahdt'be ready to at
tack your antagonist before he can re
cover his^balance. : Or else .step in too
close %qr the bl^wv to harm you. This
last .move, liowever,';I .ca,n, make you
understand Wtt'er VHen we 'take up the
important • subject; of "<:Hnches" In a
f utur<vlessoif. . ¦>. ' t ;>' X : ' .
In. delivering -a swing -iieyjpr.strike so
hard that (if your opponent steps back
and does not stop 'the "blow) : . you will
lose your balance. Never, in: starting'
to swing, drop the hand below the level
of the hips. (In no maneuver in box
ing, by the way, should the" gloves drop
below the level of the nips-) -
I have seen Tom Sharkey, who was
one of the heaviest hitters among the
pugilists of his day. start a swing from
behind his back (instead of at his side)
and send the blow around • with such
terrific force that, missing his man
(who jumped back out of: reach), he
whirled half-way about and. fell with
a crash to the ground, merely through
the impetus of his own "blow. Tha£ is
not boxing. It is not <:ven clever'slug
gins. It is blind brute force. Many a
man on whom Sharkey chanced to land
such swlnps went "down and out"
from the fearful Impact. But many
more pugilists avoided Sharkey's wild
swing: and bull-like rushes, and ere the
aggressor could recover himself landed
a succession of lightning-like blows on
his face and body and "got away" un
scathed.
Terry McGovern," who was the typi
cal "whirlwind fighter," said to me
once:
I never Fwing. It leaves a man too open,
The chances egainst ltu success are too big,
I use hook*, but not swings.
The "hook" is merely a short-arm
swing. It used to be called a "half
hook" or "half-swing." In a hook th£
arm Is not lowered or drawn back, but
comes around toward the objective
face or body, with fore arm and upper
arm about at right angles to each
other. The arm thus in shape and mo
tion is not unlke a grass hook or sickle.
Bring shoulder and weight of body
around when "hooking," as in a swing.
Guard a hook as a swing is guarded.
The hook, like the swing, may be de
livered with' either hand and" for the
face or for the body.
You are not nearly as much exposed,
however, when you send in a hook, as
at least part of the arm you are em
ploying is always in front of your body.
The blow. too. traveling a much shorter
distance than does the swing, is much
quicker. It is of use only at compar
atively close quarters, • not having the
same reach as does tbe> .swing, nor re
»
I
Sport on Skees.
! During the last ten years skeeing has
srown to be almost as much of a win-
A New York litigant sued the Socialist party of that State
recently, for monetary damages and was actually awarded'a
judgment by the court. When the unfortunate Victim at
tempts to collect on his judgment he will have a heartrend
ing realization of what the purchase of a gold brick means-
Such decisions byour courts should be placed in the cate
gory of unnatural punishments.* • !
REPRESENTATIVE— S., Novato. Cal.
Sonoma County is in the Second Con-*
gressional District of California. TheeA*
dore A. Bell Is the Representative from
that district. His predecessor was
Frank L. Coombs>who was frjm the
First District, and at that time Sonoma
was In that district.
MINING CLAIM— Subscriber,. Relief.
Cal. Before your question relative to
annual work on a mining claim can be
answered "there should be * statement
as to whether the number of acres in
cludes several claims or locations, and
if they are embraced in o-ie application
for a patent.
MASSACHUSETTS GOVERNOR— F.
B., San Jose. Cal. Thert never was a
Governor of Massachusetts named
either Diamond or Dummond. but Wil
liam Dummer was Governor from 1723
to 172S and acting Governor from 1723
to 1730. That State has never had a
Governor named Smith.
DRUG STORE— G. A. F., Berkeley.
Cal. This department does not adver
tise any* 1 business, therefore cannot a'n
swer the Question asked as to a certain
drug store. Correspondents should not
ask questions the answer to which
amounts to an advertisement of busi
ness of any kind, for such questions
will not be answered. .
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic . fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market e t.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses ' and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 C*1U
i ornia street. Telephone Main 194L •
TO BE HANGED— Old Subscriber.
City. In pronouncing the. death sen
tence the Judge says: "That you be
hanged by the neck until you are dead,
and may God have mercy on your
soul."
HOT SPRINGS— A Subscriber. Bay
Center. Wash. This department will
not advertise where "the very best hot
springs are In California." as this 13
not a free advertising department.
The Maze.
"Say," said a well-known attorney
occupying offices in the Claus Spreckels
building, "did you ever stand for a mo
ment and watch the efforts of the un
initiated to find a way to get through
the new circular machine that mas
•Werades as a door to this building?
Well. It's worth while. When she's
whirling it's easy, but when in repose
a person has as much right to think he
can enter his home by diving through
the spokes \Of his turbine j windmill as
he has to guess the right way through
this new-fangled thing if he hasn't
ssen it in action. You should have
been there when on a recent occasion I
was Inside of the building approaching
the door and noticed a man with ortho
dox pastoral whiskers enmeshed in the
mysterious entrance. They probalbly
don't have these doors up in his county.
At any rate the man looked as wild
eyed as thoueh he had been inveigled
Into a mirror maze and couldn't get
out. His hands tightly grasped the
hand-rail in front of him and there he
stuck, fast. He had got in somehow,
but. I'll bet he didn't know how him
self.- and the boy on the burning deck
wasn't a marker to him for sticking.
As. I entered, my cell I attempted to
push the thing around and release the
prisoner, but-. Uncle Jasper, seeing
something was about to happen, took
no chances and began pulling back. I
-was heavier than he was, and finally
got things going my way.
"Jasper, selng It move, became pas
sive, and went where fate and the door
willed. I thought I had finally done
him a service by getting him Inside the
building, but Instead of stepping out of
the segment when he was Inside he
kept on going around. I don't know
whether he . was simply dazed or
whether he really liked it, but honest
sure, I saw the man wind around in
that thing for two full circles until
finally I became ashamed of watching
his discomfiture and left. I hope he
was finally whirled in, however."
Ansivers to Queries.
RESURRECTION— J. W., City. "The
Resurrection," painted by Plockhorst.
the German painter, in 1867, is now in
the Marienwerder Cathedral, Germany.
INSANITY IN CALIFORNIA.
WHEN the first ce'nsus of California was taken, in
1851, there were but six registered insane, or 1 to
every 21,000 inhabitants. In- the report of the
State hospitals for 1902 the number of insane under public
charge is placed at 5276 persons, or 1 to every 260 residents
of the State. According to these figures California has the
largest percentage of insane of any State in the Union. New
Vork, with the ratio of 1 to 330, has* the nearest approach
to our record in demented persons. Our State, which is
proudly vaunted as the land of fruit and flowers, seems also
by this token to be the land of lunatics'
However, there is no occasion for our Eastern friends to
class lunacy along with the much advertised bubonic plague
and. the California earthquake as a deterrent to prospective
colonists. The most erudite physicians do not dare to make
the assertion that dementia is contagious. IS10 germ of
neurosis has, yet been discovered to have made its habitat
in our atmosphere. We do not, as a State, lay claim to lead
ing the pace that kills. On the other hand, our remarkable
percentage of insane patients must be traced to that very
army of homeseekers which is yearly pouring over our bor
ders in ever increasing numbers to find ah abiding place in
California.
It may not seem fair to attribute our seeming mental
weaknesses to those who have come here to be our fellow
citizens, but statistics cannot be gainsaid. John" W. Rob
ertson, M..D., superintendent of the Livermore Sanitarium,
in a pamphlet upon "The Prevalence of Insanity in Califor
nia," points out the fact that the foreign born, who constitute
25 per cent of our. population, provide 57 per cent of our
asylum inmates. Dr. Robertson goes farther and shows
by figures that out of the native born Californians, consti
tuting 50 per cent of our total population, only 17 per cent
of the insane are furnished. That part of the population
born in other States sent 26 per cent of the total number of
the demented to the hospitals. A native Indian is almost
unknown as an inmate of an asylum. ' ... ,
This preponderance of foreign born and of transmontane
insane which serves to bring the record of our State hospi
tals up to such alarming proportions is accounted for by
Dr. Robertson in a very plausible manner. Immigrants
from the Old World .have already a tendency to dementia,
owing to the very fact of their removal from the land of
their birth to one which must of necessity bring about a
radical change in their mode of living and a consequent re
action 7 on their mental economy. Further, they are usually
of the poorer class, and financial disaster or bodily hurt be
fr-lling them in a strange continent tends to mental unbal
ance^ The same conditions;! hold good to a lesser degree
with re/pect to Eastern, settlers, for in their case a large
number seek California Sunder the spur of a malignant dis
ease, and too many "bring with them a predilection to in
sanity. '¦¦•
An anarchist, duly commissioned and fully resolved to
murder the President of Switzerland, has been placed under
arrest. This rodent of civilization is practicing the "re
ligion" which an American lawyer, pleading for a client, re
cently preached. Modern society invites the commission of
motiveless crimes by maudlin toleration.
Old Adage Exemplified.
The old saying that 'there Is many a
slip twixt the cup and the lip' Is about
as truthful a one as any handed down
by the wiseacres of the days of yore "
said "Cupid" Danforth a few days ago
during a lull in the marriage liqense
business. "It, was exemplified here this
morning," he added.
"Just after I opened the b.Tice a young
couple came In. They bore all the ear
marks of lovers, and every move of the
girl showed that she thought a whole
lot of the young- fellow. Though It was
evident that he was Just as hard hit,
he was a little bit more reserved, and
looked quite embarrassed when she
called him 'darling' in such a tone that
I could hear it. .
"Well, he walked ud to the desk and
gave his name, and age and also that of
the blushing girl. Without looking up
I then asked If either of them had been
married before. A verv low but de
cisive 'no' name from the lips of the
girl, but the young man remained si
lent. Surprised, I raised my eyes and
said to him 'Were you?'
"He hesitated Just a moment, and
then answered 'yes.' I thought the
young lady would faint when she heard
it, but she recovered herself and cried
out in an agonized voice. 'Oh, Will!'
Then without another word she walked
out of the office. The young fellow
started to follow her, but returned 'to
the desk for the document. I completed
the license, gave It to him and he
dashed out of the office like mad. Two
hours later he came back, handed me
back the document, and in a voice
choked with emotion said, 'Cancel this,
please.' " <j.*~ -'.
A Talented Artist.
Edwin Lord Weeks, an American
painter and writer, whose work 13
largely associated with India and Per
sia, died in Paris recently, being about
50 years old. He was a native of Bos
ton, and a student of French schools in
art; and while for some years main
taining a studio in New York, and ex
hibiting at the National Academy of
Design, he was essentially European
in his character and work. He luxu
riated In the rich and various color
of oriental life, and his studio in the
Tenth-street building was a bewilder
ing bazaar of fabrics and bric-a-brac,
scented with attar-of-roses. He Dalnted
with masterly cleverness the
which he loved, and was personally a
charming cosmopolite.' He had exhib
ited his painting* all over Europe, and
everywhere got honors. He was a
chevalier of the Legion of Honor, an
officer of the order of St. Michael of
Bavaria; won the grand diploma of
honor at Berlin In 1S91; was given first
class medals at Paris In 1883. Munich
and Dresden in 1397; received the gold
medal of the Philadelphia Art Club
in 1891, and in 1S96 was given a special
medal and prize at the Empire of In
dia exhibition in London. Paintings of
his are in the Corcoran gallery a;,,
Washington and the Pennsylvania
Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia.
Other honors he had; and he wrote a
large number of articles for magazines,
among them Harper's, and published
two books. "From the Black Sea
Through Persia and India." and "Epi
sodes of Mountaineering." In one of
his mountain traversing expeditions he
was lost sight and hearing of so long
that he was supposed to have been
killed; as it turned out, his compan
ion was killed.
ter sport In the Northern and North
western States as tobogganing: In Can
ada, says "Country Life" In America's
Christmas Annual. Where the snow
fall, as In Oregon. Nevada. Michigan
and Wisconsin, lies on the ground for
weeks together to the depth of several
feet skees virtually become the life
preservers of the inhabitants. They
furnish the only means by which the
mail carriers can reach the inaccessible
and outlying mountain districts of the
Rockies. Skees differ radically from
the 'Canadian or Indian snowshoe. They
are about seven feet long, four inches
broad and taper from an Inch thick at
the center to three-quarters.
The Western skee-runner r0n cover
on an average about four to eight miles
an hour, going up and down hill. Down
hill an experienced runner can let him
self go. but for a beginner It would be
like turning on the clutch valve of an
automobile without knowing where the
break was.
Skees were first known to have been
used In the thirteenth century. Eight
centuries passed before the trappers,
lumbermen and woodchoppers of
America learned the vast superiority
of the skee over the Canadian snow
shoe. In a century more the latter will
be looked at In museums as the clumsy
implement of the bygone age.
THE EUROPEAN MAN.
WHAT is the matter with Europe? In France there
are more deaths than births. The population is
not increased by immigration, and is quite
rapidly declining. When population begins going down
hill it will reach the bottom some time, and at the present
rate the end of the, .French people may be figured with
accuracy, as to the time when there will be no more French
men in France. '
That is the pessimistic view of it, but things do not al
ways justify that view nor vindicate its hopeless mathe
matics. Malthus resorted to mathematics, and proved that
the world's population would come to an end, or at least
retrograde and countermarch, to meet the food supply,
because the mouths to eat it increased faster than the food.
Time has destroyed the Malthusian theory, and it may
obsolete the pessimistic view of the French race. It is
quite forgotten that the same idea, once prevailed about the
population of Germany. After the exhausting wars of
Frederick the Great, especially the Prussians seemed to
lapse and show plain signs of exhaustion and loss of vigor.
But Father Jan started his organization of Turners, incited
the young to outdoor life and athletic exercise, and the
Germans of to-day are as vigorous as any race, and the
population is seeking outlets by colonization. France may
have a like future. • *
The greatest surprise in vital matters is the- recent con
clusion that the English have deteriorated and degenerated
physically. We have been so in the -habit of respecting
the brawn of the beefeating British that this arouses inter
est on this side of the water. Already the English press is
filled with reasons for the degeneration which all. seem to
admit is a fact. One writer traces it to the excessive use
of soap; others attribute it to the decline of agriculture and
the separation of mm from ..he soil. .We are inclined to
think that this has something in it. The mines, mills and
cities are hardly capable of furnishing as robust men and
women as the farm. The subject has attracted the attention
of Parliament, and a royal commission is proposed to ex
amine into it and suggest remedies.
The decline of the population of France and the decay
in vigor of that of England may have effects far beyond the
borders of both countries. These two causes may seriously
disturb the world's equilibrium, disorder its markets, re
lccate its productive and consumptive power, and change
entirely its commercial geography. The United States may
well rejoice in her strength, which is the strength of her
people. If soap destroy vigor, ours would be gone, for
we use more of it per capita than any other people in the
world. We have plenty to eat, and an appetite for it. A
majority of us live out of doors most of the time, and we
take the- European immigrants, small in body through gen
erations of underfeeding, and make them look like stallfcd
oxen.
A woman resident of Sacramento, having in the course
of litigation been declared dead by the courts, has appealed
to the Supreme Court of the United States to declare her
alive. From what we know of the capital city the simple
announcement of the lady's residence there should be
enough to declare her alive in anv court in the land.
"Quartz" on Sociables.
"Yes siree. you Just sorter eschew
those church socials If you want to
live in all peace an' amity." There was
a note of seriousness in "Quartz" Bill
ings' voice as he drew out a toothpick
from behind his ear and prepared to
deliver himself of a moral.
"It wuz all this way. My wife's
cousin frum down Tucson way give my
wife a yellar chiner dog what sits on
a mantelpiece in the parlor and looks
wise. Now I hated that cousin with
a genuine onreasonability and ac
cordin* I Jest had a pizen hatred of
that stlnkin' yellar dog slttln' up there
an' grinnin' at me whenever me an'
my old woman has a onpleasantness —
an* they jvuz most concernin' the dis
posal of that selfsame yellar dog. She
is so sot that she says she gets a di
vorce if I tech a hair of his dogarned
head.
"Well, sir. with the comin* to Vir
ginia of that new Piscolupian parson
ail the hens of the town, includln* my
wife, 4 gets to rarin* 'round an' buck
snortin* over him an' they decides to
give a church social. Well since all the
boys' wives wuz in the deal to a
show-down they sorter feels that It
is up to 'em to make a showin' at the
dog fight. So we wuz all. there that
night even down to Shagnasty Jim
with his squaw.
"I wuz circlln' 'round among the
bunch, grinnin' foolish an* lookin' for
my old woman. She wuzn't jollyln*
the parson — a most decayed, onraveled
lookin' piece of llndsay-woolsey; she
wuzn't sellln' shavin' paper done up in
outrageous pinkey bundles to the re
formed Mormon elder; she wuzn't dish-
In' out sickly tea at two bits per dish.
But over in one corner of the room
there wuz a sheet hung up an* a lot of
galoots standin' in front an' i<ayln*
their good dust to flsh for toys with
a bamboo pole. They all bids to .see
who gets the chatice to make a dam
fool of himself. So I gets my sportln'
blood an* I bids five good dollars an'
wins the flsh.
"I drops my hook over the, sheet an*
waits an* bimeby I hears a snicker
soundin'. some familiar cum frum be
hln* that sheet an' pets a yank on my
line. 'Pull him in gently, George
Henry.' says the voice of my old
woman frum behind the sheet. I lifts
my pole an* there, danglin' on the end
of the line with his poppy eyes Jest
gleamin', is thet yellar chiner dog."
of any insidious plot on the part of Canada to depopulate
this land of ours. •
THE SAN 1KANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NO VEMJBER 27, 1903.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL:
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .. . . . . . % . .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT,. Manager
Publication Office ~ ............. cg|||§|£> •••••• ••...•Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY 1 . . ..... 1% • • • ..... NOVEMBER 27, 1903
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THL TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESthe sermon. His theme was "Why
Seek a Better Country?" The . com
bined choirs rendered some excellent
music, specially chosen for the day.
The musical programme was as fol
lows: "Sing Unto the Lord," Dr. H.
J. Stewart; "Fear Not Ye, O Israel"
and "O, Lord, How Manifold Are Thy
Works," by the choir; Mrs. Winchester,
soprano of the Unitarian church, sang
for the offertory "With Verdure Clad."
The organists were H. Bretherick and
Samuel D. Mayer.
Rev. J. George Gibson made an able
address at the Emanuel Baptist
Church. His subject was taken from
the 146th psalm. A fine musical pro
gramme was also rendered.
At the Third Congregational Church
at Fifteenth and Mission streets Rev.
William Rader preached, using for his
topic "Blessed Is the People Who Hear
the Joyful Sound." The choir, under
the direction of William Stadtf eld, sang
the "Harvest Cantata." .-vf
The ladies of the Young Women's.
Christian Association 'gave out hun
dreds of delicious dinners to the poor.
This has been the custom of the asso
ciation for years, and by its generosity
many who would otherwise not have
any Thanksgiving dinner have been
fed. Yesetrday the poor, the sick and
the homeless flocked to the rooms of
the association and received the food
for their dinner of thanks. Among the
women who took part in this good work
were: Mesdames W. O. G. W. Prescott,
J. F. Merrill, J. Spruance, E. T. Allen,
J. L. Martel, A. R. Baldwin, S. P. Tug
gle. H. J. Sadler? A. Unger, C. A. Mal
gon and G. P. Thurston, and Misses
H. L. Reed, Helen Van Winkle and
Mary Farquharson.
At the City and County Hospital,
through the thoughtfulness of Dr. Mc-
Elroy, the superintendent, the 469 pa
tients were made, happy by the" distri
bution of 750 pounds of turkey gar
nished with an abundance of cranberry
sauce and other good things to remind
them that the people of this city
through, the agency of their officials did
not forget their unfortunate condition
in being inmates of a public institu
tion, ¦£>%%
A similar repast was served to • the
951 inmates of the Almshouse, where
1100 pounds of American fat and jutcy
turkeys were cooked and set before
those whose misfortunes compelled
them to become wards of the city. In
addition to the turkey dinner fruits
and nicknacks from the confectionery
were served for the noon meal. The
poor of the Almshouse heartily joined
in returning thanks to the bounteous
offering given them by the thoughtful
ness of Superintendent Kelly, who saw
to It that all were made happy.
Many persons, taking advantage of
the fine weather, visited the park,
where a special . concert was given.
Others went to the Cliff House, lolled
in the sands, watched the seals and
waves and enjoyed to their hearts' con
tent the sunshine with which the day
was blessed.
Still more found recreation . and
amusement at the various playhouses,
where special matinees were given.
The whole city population in one way
or another. awoke to the fact that they
had reason to be thankful, and turned
out to make the most of the beautiful
day.
"LITTLE MOTHERS' » GOOD TIME.
Children Prove Value of a Domestic
Training.
Probably no prettier nor more inter
esting sight could have been seen
yesterday than the pretty, natty,
well-behaved members of the Lit
tle Mothers' Training School as
they sat down to a wondrous
Thanksgiving day repast at the bright
quarters, 940-942 Harrison street. And
what also was of great interest was the
fact that the turkey dinner, with Its
salads and other dainties and English
plum ! pudding, . had been cooked and
prepared by the "Little" Mother's," tots
averaging from 8 to about 15 years of
age. *
The "Little Mothers" learn so much
domesticity at the training-school that
they are almost as independent in the
kitchen as they are in the arranging of
rooms and the making of beds and
tending to infants not so much younger
than themselves.
The dinner tables, spick and span,
covered with spotless white tablecloths
and bright with good crockery and
well-polished silverware, were laid by
the "Little Mothers," for even that ac
complishment comes within the range
of their tuition. ; <;\ I
The repast cooked by the clever chil
dren under the direction of Miss D.
Swett and Mrs.SC. Matlock is set forth
in the following menu:
The Little Mothers'
MENU:
Oyster Soup '.:' ' -
Baked Salmon with Cream Sauce
Roast Turkey Cranberry Sauce and Celery
Vegetables
Sweet Potatoes Mashtd Potatoes
Pumpkin Pie ; _ Mince PU
English Plum Pudding (Brandy Sauce
Oranges Apples '.-Raisins
Candy Mixed Nuts
Among the ladies who waited on the
tables were Mrs. M. B. Sheppard, Mrs.
J. S. Meyer, Miss M. W. Raphael, Miss
T. A. Raphael, Mrs. R. M. Collier, Mrs.
C. Matlock, Miss D. Swett and Mrs.
Rhoda Megeinty. ,
After dinner the ladies took turns at
th*e piano and the children sang pa
triotic and popular songs and romped,
and had one of .those happy times that
never fade, not even in the far-off
years. r^V:
The decorations of the room .were
pretty, and conspicuous above the ta
bles was a large and excellent likeness
of the late President McKinley, who
loved all little children.
BANQUET AT THE Y. M. C.A.
Ladies* Auxiliary Feasts Those
Members Far From Home.
All members of the Young Men's
Christian Association away from their
families were invited to attend a ban
quet at the association building last
evening. It was a remarkable gath
ering and, while last year's repast was
served to a great number, the 200 who
accepted the hospitality might have
been Increased another hundred ' had
there. been a possibility of accommo
dating so large .'. a companay. There
were guests from Stanford University,
from the University of California' and
Oregon Capital Being Used
to Enliven a Coming
Battle. \
soldiers from the Presidio. Numerous
men outside the association hoped to be
able to. join the tables and had it been
any way possible the hospitality "would
have been willingly extended.
The Thanksgiving dinner was ar
ranged and supplied by the Ladles'
Auxiliary of the Young Men's Christian
Association, who decorated the tables
and the room and saw to It the
entertainment should be .as "nearly a
home family affair as possible. .
When the two hundred • guests had
marched to the dlnlpg-room headed
by General Manager M,cCoy they sang
the beautiful . national hymn, "My
Country, 'Tls of Thee," and then grace
was said and the men, both young and
those of more mature years, burst out
with college yells, while merry banter
was passed from table to table. After
the national bird had been discussed
until there was nothing left speeches
followed. Each one called upon to say
a few words told of gratitude for so
sumptuous a i\epast and for such ma
ternal thoughtfulness on the part of the
auxiliary. y
Among the speakers were A. S.
Thomas, S. E. Hunting, Dr. C. Farn
ham. O. B. Ebner, J. A. McGee, R. S.
Fulford, Mr. Swansen and General
Manager McCoy.
Some of the ladies of the auxiliary
who waited at the tables and who were
responsible for the repast, for which
kindly acts they were accorded three
hearty cheers, were: . >"•;_•-.'
Mrs S Williams, chairman of the banquet
committee- Mrs. B. C. Wright, chairman La
5?eTAux!liary: Mrs. C Delchmlller. Mrs J. E.
PerTdns. Mrs. 8. E. Cllne. Mrs^ H. BlockweU.
Mrs J A Johnson. Misses Onyon. Mrs. \.
Harrington. Miss F. BlockweU, Mrs. C. M.
"Whitney. Mrs. M. E. Schutte, Mrs. R. S.
Lewis. ; • ." «..-'¦
Retail Clerks Give Ball.
The. first ball of the District Council
of Retail Clerks of San Francisco took
The generous women connected with
the San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission were astir early yesterday
morning at their quarters, 631 Sutter
street, and by 9 o'clock were escorting
scores of their proteges to the basement
of Golden Gate Hall, where, laid out in
row after row, ' were cases containing
the' best of good cheer.
Each case had its plump turkey sunk
deep down amid a variety of vegetables
of The season. Two hundred families
were provided for, and the recipient in
every instance was more than grateful
for the substantial gift, and with a
light heart carried away the Thanks
giving dinner so bountifully provided.
In many .instances children accompa
nied their, mothers, with the intention
of assisting in conveying the cases
home, and fathers whose wives were
unable through sickness to call for the
turkey dinner were willing messengers.
The women, of the Fruit- and Flower.
Mission forgot their' own comforts and
their turkey dinners in their keen sense
of sisterly duty, and passed most of the
day paying visits to a long list of ailing
and dependent men and women. - In
each case wine and flowers formed; a
part of the Thanksgiving present, and
In this " substantial . way numerous
health-broken people were made happy.
NEEDY GIVEN DINNERS.
Mr. and Mrs. Lamb and Mr. and Mrs.
Feldman were also guests of the sol
diers'of the Fifteenth.
The menu was as follows:
Oyster pate and oyster cocktails.
Roast turkey and cranberry sauce.
Cold pork, sweet potatoes, mashed po
tatoes, celery, peas, cake, pie, candy
and nuts, plum pudding, coffee and
chocolate. . ¦ .
If the soldiers at the Presidio answer
all bugle calls as promptly as they did
the call which summoned them to their
Thanksgiving dinner yesterday then
their officers have certainly no cause to
complain of the military ' training of
their men.
The various troops, companies and
batteries now stationed at the post each
strove to outdo one another In arrang
ing a menu that might be called in
truth a "Thanksgiving dinner." Be
sides the ration money allowed the men
by the Government the men each sub
scribed sums ranging from Jl to $3, and
as a result two or three of the com
panies managed to raise as much as
$300 or $400.
Troop I of the. Fifteenth 'Cavalry
probably had the most sumptuous re
past of the Dost and when they sat
down to dinner they were accompanied
by three of their officers who 'had been
invited by the committee in charge of
the feast. y - . '-' ¦'",'¦?'¦-
Members of Troop I, Fifteenth Caval
ry, Invite Officers to Repast.
SOLDIERS DINE SUMPTUOUSLY.
For' many seasons the thoughtful
members of the Young Women's Chris
tian Association have sought -out the
needy, the destitute and the sick and
have given appropriately in all cases.
With the co-operation of friends, of the
association and aided by the liberality
of leading merchants of the city, much
more has been done than if the mem
bers of the association had beenj com
pelled to depend upon their own indi
vidual resources altogether.
Each family was provided with . a
turkey or chicken, ham, beef, bacon,
flour, tea, coffee, sugar, bread, butter,
vegetables, rice, canned and fresh
fruit, cheese and mince pie and track
ers.
In acknowledgment of the good
deeds of the ladies of the association
the recipients showed - the -greatest
gratitude. , Among those who took an
active part in the generous work were
Mrs. W. O. Gould, Mrs. G. W. Pres
cott, Mrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs. J. L. Mar
tel, Mrs. A. R. Baldwin, Mrs. S. P.
Tuggle, Mrs. J. Spruance, Mrs. E. T.
Allen, Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. A. Un
ger, Mrs. C. A. Margon, Mrs. G. P.
Thurston and the Misses H. L. Reed,
Helen Van Winkle and Mary Far
quharson.
One hundred poor families- were
feasted yesterday through the gener
osity of the ladies of the Young Wom
en's Christian Association, who provid
ed bounteous supplies in instances
where otherwise there might have been
sadly meager fare. r_
Young Women's Christian* Associa
tion Members Replenish Larders.'
TAKE FOOD TO HOMES.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 26.— The con
templated erection of two more crack
er factories In Portland has lent an ad
ditional complication to the approach-
Ing war of prices with, which the
cracker trust threatens to wipe out ita
small competitors after January 1.
Owing to the uncertain condition' of
cracker affairs in the Northwest Just
now, every effort is being made to keep
the plans secret, but it is known that
one of the new plants will be in the
combine,. the other outside of It.
One of the new factories which will
turn out candy and crackers will be
run in part by local capital. Two of
the leading, stockholders are Colin -K.
Harbaugh, a wealthy real estate man
of this city, and C. X. Larrabee, a cap
italist of Fair Haven, Wash. The
other plant will be put up by the
Standard Biscuit Company of San
Francisco. When Phil I. Jacoby, the
president of the company, was In Port
land a few weeks ago he selected a site
for tW"^ factory, and on his return here
next week will probably order active
building operations to begin. The
Standard Biscuit Company works in
harmony with the Pacific Coast Biscuit
Company in its njice arrangements.
In the meantime the several com
panies in the combine— rthe * Pacific
Coast Biscuit Company, American Bis
cuit Company, Standard Biscuit Com
pany and the Seattle Company— are
maintaining the schedule. The cause
of all the trouble, the Mutual Biscuit
Company, a ' co-operative concern
formed by San Francisco retal grocers,
Is still doing business in the interior,
bound by no rule, but getting all the
trade it can.
DOUBLE HEADED CHILD
DIES SOON AFTER BIRTH
Physicians Say Babe "Was Perfectly
Normal and Fully Developed
From Shoulders Down.
PHILLIPSBURG, N. J., Nov. 26.—
Mrs. W. M. Gillespie is the mother of a
male child which had two necks, each
surmounted by a perfect head. From
the shoulders down the child was per
fectly normal and fully developed. The
child weighed nine pounds and was
nineteen inches in length. Each head
had perfect eyes and ears, a normal
nose and mouth, and apparently each
had had connection with the lungs.
The child did not live long.
place last night at Eintracht Hall.
There was a large attendance and
dancing was enjoyed until a late hour.
The ball was In every sense a great
success.. The officers who had the ar
rangements in hand were indefatigable
in their efforts to insure the comfort
of the guests.
AT THE FRIE1JT>S CHURCH
Welcome Is Given to "Lonely Ones"
in the City.
Thanksgiving day was appropriately
celebrated at the Friends Church, 92S
Harrison street, where there was an
afternoon service and reception and
lunch given to members and visitors.
Especially welcomed were those mem
bers whose families are living at a dis
tance from San Francisco, the idea be
ing to make the occasion a happy one
for "the lonely ones." During the after
noon Miss R. Esther Smith delivered
an address, and religious exercises were
conducted by .the Rev. Joseph Peel,
pastor of the Friends Church In Berke
ley, and John Riley, evangelist from
Los Angeles.
Prisoners Eat Turkey.
Through the kindness of Chief Witt
man the inmates of the City Prison
were treated to a Thanksgiving dinner
yesterday' consisting of turkey, plum
pudding and mince pie. All the prison
ers partook heartily of the generous
fare.
New Factories in Port
land to Complicate
Situation. .
CRACKER WAR
WILL BE BRISK
BEAUTIFUL WEATHER REIGNS AND MANY
THOUSANDS GIVE THANKS TO GOD
Special Praise Services Are Held in the Various ¦Churches-—Pro
visions Are Distributed to the Sick and Poor of the City
and Every One Has His Fill of the Luscious National Bird
At the First Congregational Church
the congregation united with that of
the First Unitarian Church in a com
mon service. Rev. George C. Adams of
the Congregational church preached
St. Mary's Cathedral was draped in
mourning robes according to a time
honored custom. Each Thanksgiving a
requiem mass is held for the repose of
the departed members of the Young
Men's Union. Rev. J. B. Hannagan
acted as celebrant, Father C. H. Ramm
as deacon and Father W. P. Sullivan
as sub-deacon. Father Joseph Byrne
of Novato, who is the chaplain of the
institution for which the mass* was
held, preached the sermon. The choir
sang some beaufiful selections.
Walter R. Sabin of St. Luke's Church
was the organist. Cantor Stark had
chaise of the enlarged choir and under
his direction excellent Thanksgiving
music was given.
"All Praise to God," Wagner; closing
prayer; national anthem, "America,"
choir and congregation; benediction,
Kabbi Voorsanger.
The programme was as follows:
Quartet selection; opening, 111th psalm,
Sulzer; opening prayer. Rabbi Myers;
scripture reading, CanTor Stark; an
them, "Ye Shall Dwell in the Land,"
Barnby; sermon. Rabbi Nleto; hymn.
The Hebrews of the city turned out in
large numbers to attend the combined
services at Temple Emanu-El on Sut
ter street. The congregations of
Emanu-El, Sherith Israel, Beth Israel
and Ohabal Shalome united to hear the
sermon preached by Rabbi Nieto. Rab
bis Voorsanger, Levy and Myers also
took part in the services.
The day was one that alone should
have been sufficient cause for thanks
giving. Added to this beautiful weath
er, the present prosperity of the city
and State gave ample cause for a uni
versal day of praise for the goodness
of God In meting out to California such
a share of blessings.
The churches were crowded to the
dcors. and many of them held the com
bined congregations of several houses
of worship. The augmented choirs ren
dered special praise music, and -many
glorious anthems were heard.
The poor and the sick of San Fran
cIeco were riot forgotten by generous
citizens. At the City and County Hos
pital and at the Almshouse* the povr
erty-stricken and the sufferers were
munificently filled to overflowing with
dainty cuts of the luscious national
bird and the accompanying regimen.
The little hearts of the homeless
¦waifs were made glad by the generos
ity of the Sisters of the Holy Family.
Such a spread as they had never for a
moment thought of was placed before
them, end their smiles of Joy were re
ward enough for the Christian Sisters.
The Jewish orphanage on Devisadero
street was filled with enticing holiday
foods, and the Salvatlpn Army fed
hordes of poor. Men, women and chil
dren partook of their generous hospi
tality.
At the First Presbyterian Church, on
Van Ness avenue, a large and fashion
able audience filled the huge house of
worship. Long lines of carriages and
cabs lined the avenue in front of the
church, bearing the select population
of that section of the city.. Rev. Dr.
Guthria delivered the sermon and the
choir rendered music specially prepared
for the occasion.
Under a cloudless canopy, in the
midst of California's most delightful
weather, thousands of the city's people
observed Thanksgiving day. The vari
ous churches held special services In
thankfulness for the bounteous year
that has Just passed. Elaborate musi
cal programmes were given and some
of the city's best musical talent partic
ipated, rendering song^, anthems and
organ eolos.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY,- NO VE3IBER 27. 1903.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
WASHING WITHOUT WATER
Is Like Trying to Get Bid of Dandruff
Without Herpicide.
Did you ever see any one trying to
wash himself without soap or water?
If you did what would you say of him?
It is every bit as foolish to try to get
rid of Dandruff and to prevent Baldness
by feeding the germs which cause it
with Cantharides. Vaseline, Glycerine
and similar substances which form the
principal ingredients of most so-called
Hair Vigors.
Xewbro's Herpicide is successful be-
cause it attacks and kills the parasitic
germ which feeds on the hair roots.
It is the original and only genuine
scalp germicide manufactured.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children, .
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th« /Tfr //f>», J*
Signature of L4ia^/j£ fciZcJU/tZ
PafarA DON'T FAIL TO
rdlavW tee the beautiful
4 COURT Lounging
ATln rooo, the EM PIRB
allU PARLOR, the
gy -t PALM ROOM, the
(ff/lfin LOUIS XV PAR-
111 UlIU LOR^ and the LA _
Oil DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 gooM -
AMUSEMENTS.,
FINAL RECITAL*
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 29. 'at 3 p. m.
la
STEINU/AY HALL.
Another Piano Recital will be riven br*Mr.
Ferclval K. Van Yen at the piano, with
tke aid of
THE ANGELUS.
SOLOIST,
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
* Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at our
etore any time before the recital.
SHERMAN, CLAY * CO., ' , .
Kearsr aaa Sutter «U., S. F. . < j
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW
AT 2 SHARP.
Last Two Nights
Curtain Blses at 8 Sharp.
KLaW & ERI*ANGER # 3
StupeBfiww Production cf General Wallace's
BEN HUR
l>r«jnc'.iz<?d by William Your.*.
Mu»lc bT H^car Stlllmaa Kcl>y.
Prices— €3. 51-50. SI. 75o and BOO.
XTEZT SUXDAY MATIKEB
Ocealuc cf the Eeirular Combination
• Season. Tot One Week Only.
Th# ramoas Scenic Melodrama,
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Aftosndlnr Electrical Sffeots.
AU Special . Scenery.
Uca't XXIm tlie Realistic and Karveloua
r:;p»rara Falls Sees*.
Porular Price* — 15c. 25c. 60c, 75c
seats zrowozr sale.
MATINEES — SXJWOAT.
" TBT7BSSAT A3STO SATUKDAT.
yULUmKIA tEADIKQ THEATEfc
I.AST I KIGHTB— MATIN KB BATCRDAT.
CSAKLE3 FROHMJLN' rRESEJTTS
VIRGINIA HARNED
In rinero'i Masterpiece,
Esnfiay Nlrtt. ' NorembeT 2»— <3*rm** per-
tonzxnet by a etrocr caat.
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL"
("At th« White Kor»« Tarern.")
Next Monday — Elaborate Production of
Th« Greatest of AU Pastoral Plays.
Way Down East
A Par* nay of Pastoral Life.
SEATS NOW READY. '
MATINEES EVERT WEDNESDAY, THXJHS-
DAY. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Annie Abbott; Annenis-Tito Quar-
tette; Bryant and Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen, and Orpheum
Motion Pictures, Illustrating the
Life of Napoleon. Lust times of
"Wright Huntington and Company?
Three Zolars; Serra and Bella-Rosa
and the Britton».
nesTved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c: Box Seats
•r.d Oncra Chalra. 50a.
fAligFQRNT/n
1 m j 2000 Turned Away. )U
V | Greatest Hit in Tears. \g \
A 1 I 11 fc GBEAT CAST.
f\l r\ ESTHA WILLIAMS.
V-'L.LI JAMES BROPHT.
fDH^^ JANE CORCORAN,
JULIA BLAXC
ROADS. anaohers
T[1 ALL KEIT WEEK. |f»
HELATRul
ALCAZAR^H^r
Central Man8S»r.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT. AND SUN.
"The Alcazar Comrar.y has never been S3
well balanced ae now."— Chronicle.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter."— Examiner.
A POOR NEXT
WFPK"
RELATION also
An ideal r^rformar.e*. Quaintly humorous.
and delightfully pathetic.
Evg.. 2.V to T5c: Mats. Fat. & Hun., lie to 50c.
MONDAY. DEC. T— The Romans cf Russia,
A 2OTAL FKISOSTEZt.
Market et.. near Eighth. Phone Eouth 633.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THKEE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Th» In-.mensely Successful Comedy Melodrama,
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
Vi\-;d Pictures of Life In San Francisco's Ori-
ental Quarter!
Scenes on the "Barbary Coast."
The Police Raid on the Opium Dens!
Thrilling 1 Incidents! Humor In Abundance!
pnirrC Evening* JOc to 60c
I IUWLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Monday, November 30.
THE COUNTERFEITEP.S.
ONLY A | DAYS
FEW | MORE
| RUBES AND ROSEs]
THE HIT OF HITS.
SPECIAL.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT-A marvelouely
lH l^f, X' y n " v and o r'^nal burlewjue to
be produced us none has ever been presented.
DM^arney U-rrard. Wintteld BlaVe. Maude
Amb#T. Oeorria O Ramey, Ben T. Dillon
FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE"
A Great Show Every Afternoon and Evening
in the Theater.
INTEIIESTING BABIES IN' THE INFANT
INCUBATORS. WT
EiKADBYAS 1ST TEE ZOO!
LOTS OF FUN* US THE PENNY ARCADE.
Stroll Throurh the MIRROR MAZE.
When Phoning' Ask for 'The Chutes."
(lacing !p|l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
KEVT CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLXLB.
Commenclnx November 1*.
B&clsc E&ch Week Day. Rain cr Shim*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Hacea commence at 2:13 p. m. enarp.
For *pecial train* ztoppln^ at the track talc*
£. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, tt 11
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking 1b
list two cars, which tr» rcserred for Udiea
«.nd tbelr escorts. 1
Retcrnlnc. trains jAt* track at 4:13 and
A:iS and Immediately aTter tha Uat rax*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
rEIlCr .W. TREAT. Becreuuz. ~r^-. J
„ 7"\ ATi1TF'TlTTHTrMTrrcT& ¦" 1
MiSi&WBy^ ,*" • •*> : **'¦'¦£.:' * '. "4»?Vtv* C3
K^^^sM ••' 'i •'? ;^-f " "•¦•^~r. - w''*v'j:- -¦'¦'»/'¦•¦ '•'.*"• '¦•»••«-*••"¦ '"'*•* •*"*'. « B'^S^iT
pv- *^. '^dl ¦ .y * • a ?'.-«A',> « ." .?.¦» J I ' « •*".*•¦¦»••¦¦• \ sr ' '3BfeL!WU
*---^»s|^^»-iji,| *• rV*^**^«ti»*T** * % • • •**"^* *9 * •V«.'-» f ••• • ..*»••• * «A*\ fc f™^ > ,—i?r f
»..MIss Alice Bailey, of Atlanta, Ga., 1H
tells how she was permanently cured of
inflammation of the ovaries, and escaped
the surgeon's . knife, by the, use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
The universal indications of the approach of woman's great enemy, inflam-
mation and disease of the ovaries, are a dull throbbing pain, accompanied by
a sense of tenderness and heat low down in the side, with occasional
shooting 1 pains. On examination it may be found that the region of pain will
show some swelling. This is the first stage of inflammation of the ovaries.
"Dear Mrs. Tetcham : — I vnah to express my gratitude for the
restored health and happiness Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has brought into my life.
"I had suffered for three years with terrible pains at the time of,
menstruation, and did not know what the trouble was until the doctor
pronounced it inflammation of the ovaries, and proposed an operation.
"I felt so weak and sick that I felt sure that I could not survive the
ordeal, and so I told him that I would not undergo it. • The following
week I read an advertisement in the paper of your Vegetable Compound
in such an emergency, and so I decided to try it. Great was my joy to
find that I actually improved after taking two bottles, so I kept taking
it for ten weeks, and at the end of that tune I was cured. I had gained
eighteen pounds and was in excellent health, and am now. .
"You surely deserve great success, and you have my very best
wishes** — Miss Alice Baiucy, 60 North Boulevard, Atlanta, Ga.
Another woman saved from a surgical operation by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Bead what she says :—
.-^figSH&w " Deab Mrs. Ptnkham : — I cannot thank
.gppjssS»@hk you enough for -what your Vegetable Com-
jfBp^^ . . pound has done for me. If it had not been for
§§f II y° ur me( *icine. I think I would have died.
A WM -^2*v n "I will tell you how I suffered. I could
Wk A 11 *^5 \S* » hardly walk, was unable to sleep or eat. Men.
]h& Hjw \ (n strua £ion was irregular. At last I had to
|3|aKAVv Jkyf^ 1/ stay in my bed, and floved so badly that
ffffnfflMi ," * r^*~ I they sent for a doctor, who said I had in-
ti*jliilCANk_ flammatI <> n Of the ovaries, and must go
I V through an operation, as no medicine could help
1^ HsAw me> Ut C0 . U^ not . at: -
K^^^^^^^Lg^JTj^a^^ " I received a little book of yours,
sUmi Wk. an(^ a^ ter reading it, I concluded to try
BB^Bira8HB^^R» L y dia E - Pinkham's Vegetable
i^^mTOff^*^^^^^^ Compound, and I am now a well
~- w^^ m^* m .^ m " woman. I shall praise your medicine-
as long as I live, and also recommend the same to anyone suffering as %
was"." — Mrs. Minnie Ottoson, Otho, Iowa.
'All sick women would be wise if they would take Lydia Em
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and be well.
APYEBTISEMEirrH.
BEERS-
The Hlghetl Priced but
the Best Quality.
. «6LD CVE&YftrREllE*
HILBERT MERCAKTILB CO..
. Pacific Coast Agents.
DRPIERCES 1
GOLDEN
._. MEDICAL j
DISCOVERS
' • ¦¦ .- FOR THE /_
BLOOP,IJVER.UJNGSS]
jsdBRfcfeff MENANDWOMErf.
A83SW i. i a t feji^al dlich»ri»i ,tni»ni»»tlont,
SmB OiiniM W IrriUtloni or ulccrtMoaa
Wfmw b*i «• i«ri«t«r». "™ of ma eon i mimbrtaM.
m < rwHtifMiHlw. r»t *].««, sad aot Mtrla-
ggSfmETAHlCHEMICAt-Ca. «»nt or soifoaons. . .
%fS§L CIXOIXXATI.I.HSa Mml4 h T BragsisU,
C.B.A. lW* *T t*ct la plain wrtfHr,
-iMgftffgh, dTB^Hl t>r »f ran, prepaid, for
»l.M.or3t>ottlttl2.7».
-v ¦^ggggjg^v M circular MDt «a maw*.
I RHEUMATISM 1^?!
Helpless, Physical and Financial suffer no longer ¦
For Information, writo SAN LUIS HOT SUtfl
PHUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OBI8PO. CAL.fl
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FRESH AHTD SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS & CO Shl »P ln « Butchers. 104
JAJ. DUILJ a L/U. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLI3.
41S Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
. FBUITUTQ.
ECBUGHES. m ffig»,
¦- Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO —
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.; 8:30 p. m.. Leave Vallejo.
7 a.'m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents.' Tel.
Main 1503. Pier 2, Mlsslon-at. dock, HATCH
BROS. '
¦ OCEAJT TBATTEX*
Steamers leav* San Fran-
/fi&2~ s -^&f\ cfsco as follows:
Art—. _ . \»gV For Ketchlkan, "Wransrel,
/*i/^*^5Sl V*l Juneau. Halnes, Skacway.
i I V83«Ga I I < " tc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
I \ VtjKvQ,' ./ 27. Dec. ". Change to com-
VjSv \\ /<9/ D*"?'" steamers at Seattle.
VSv^^^y^ For Victoria, Vancouver,
XgAfsUJiJ/^ Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11'
a. m.. Nov. 27, Dec. 2. Changs at Seattle to
this company a steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.' Ry.; ae
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For , Eureka (Hamboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Nov. SO, Dec. 6: Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Nov. 27. Dec. 3.
For Lo9 Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Sicceon, Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
: Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 25, Dec. S..
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Nov. 29, Dec. 7. ¦
For Ensenada, Mafdalena Bay. San Jose det
Cabo, Mazatlaa. Altata, La ; Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mez.), 10 a. m., 7th of eacli
month.
* For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
lnr dates.
TICKET OmCHS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. HJ59B
Freight office. 10 Market street.
[ C. D. DUNANN.- General Passenger Asrr.t,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbfa" sails Nov. 23. Dec. 9. 19. 29.
"Oeor*e W. Elder" sails Dec. 4, 14, 24. Only
steamship lino to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail - line from Portland to all points East.
ThrtJUKh tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST RATES." Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Art.- Pass. Dept.. 1 , Montgomery St.; C.
CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight. Dept.. 3
Montcomery st. . ..- .
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
. (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP. CO. >
Steamers will leave wharf. | corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December 30 1903
8. S. AMERICA MAiRU
..:.. - Monday. January 25. 1904
V!a Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ - - W. .II. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeanies.s.ee. »g&&jwg
S S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu,Nov.2S,ll am,
S. 9. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10, -2 p. m.
tf.sfggnittai.a,i|tt;Tttrtinto t i43iimHi
fetftl&tUI Iirtt!L.fer b. l.haattL
C0HFAG5IE GENE3ALS TRA5SATL1HTIOTZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVREv-PARIS. j^^-
Sailing every Thursday Instead of "*gy*W«l
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »«^» "
North River, foot of Morton street.*
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, f»5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcketa sol* by all Railroad Ticket Accnta,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fiOMES that have |
been furnished IJ
throughout by. us
combine comfort
and good taste.
Our assortment of
select Furniture,
Carpetangs, Rugs,
• Draperies and
Wa 11 - pa pers
offers an unequal-
ed opportunity
f o r satisfactory -
selection.
A visit to our
show rooms wall
be -helpfully sug=
f gestive to those
appreciative oi
furnishings of the j
better type. I
|MAiaa3iJTrbppKea#
1U -— — • —---—. — — --JT"^Car No. 280 of the McAllister-street
line collided at Larkln street with a
wagon driven by Grant Hendershqt
yesterday afternoon. The driver of the
wagon was thrown from his '; seat land
sustained ¦ several lacerated wounds ; of
the scalp. He "was treated " at : the
Emergency hospital/ t v" i
Car Collides With .Wagon.
The Fitzsimmons-Gardner fight drew
$16,435 at the box office. Of this Fltz
received $6163 and Gardner $2054.
The miserable showing made by the
men happily stops the . proposed Cor
bett-FitzsImmons and Jeffries-Gardner
fights, for which the supporters of box
ing should be thankful.
It is reDorted that Brltt and Cannole
have agreed upon a return match to be
bought in this city In February. .
Boxers Are Well Paid.
Automobile Kecord for Vanderbilt.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— William K.
Vanderbilt Jr. made a new record with
his thirty horse-power gasoline auto
mobile to-day over the Eagle Rock
hill climbing course at Orange, N.J.,
and F. A. Laroche, In a thirty horse
power gasoline .machine, going a mile
a minute, crashed over a precipice on
the mountain side. -He escaped serious
Injury.
M ATFIBLD, Nov. 2B.— The Mayfleld Board of
Trade rha« been organized with the following
officers: Frwflent, Bernard Meyers; vice
president.- J. i P. Ponce; treasurer, E. Q. Ham
ilton; eecretary. E. J. Lawlcr. .
The "out" found Flynn on his feet
ready to continue the contest. Excite
ment ran at such a pitch that the
crowd may have attacked Floto had It
not been for police interference.' Order
was soon restored and there was no
bloodshed. Referee Floto ; made the
statement after the fight 'that the cor-"
rect manner of counting was to use
the tenth second as the word "out.*,' ¦
FROSTBURG, Md.. Nov. 26.--Fred
Broad of New Kensington, Pa., to
night knocked out Guy Brahm, the
"Montana Kid,'! in three rounds.
PUEBLO,, Colo.. Nov. 26.— In the
eighth round of what was to have been
a twenty-round fight Jack Root of Chi
cago was given the decision over Jim
Flynn of Pueblo. The fight took place
before the Rover Club and was attend
ed by a large crowd. The decision of
Referee Floto of Denver was questioned
by the crowd, as Floto counted *»nlne
and used the word "out" for his tenth
count.
Jack Root Defeats Flynn.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 26— Interest in
the automobile race meet at Coronado
to-day centered in Barney Oldfleldj
who was expected to try for new
records. A great crowd, was present.
Just before the contests began it was
announced that owing to softness of
a portion of the track Oldfleld would
not try to beat his Los Angeles record
of a mile In 55 seconds, but would try
runs of five and ten miles. With Bul
let No. 2 he made the five miles In 5:37.
In a ten-mile race with G. E. Graham,
the latter driving Bullet No. 3, Oldfleld
covered the distance in 11:15.
Oldfleld at Coronado.
Multnomab. Defeats Oregon.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 26.— The Mult
nomnh Athletic Club football team, with
a lineup Inferior to the one sent to Cali
fornia recently, defeated University of
Oregon in the tenth annual Thanksgiving
game this afternoon by a score of 12 to 0.
A large part of the tropical fruit used
in the* United States is raised by the
transportation companies which bring it.
WELL KNOWN ARTISTS.
ARE GOING ABROAD
Orrin Peck to Beside in London and
Amedee Joullin to Sojourn
in Paris.
Amedee Joullin and Orrin Peck,
well known artists, are going abroad
again. Mr. Peck expects to live in
London for several years. He has di
rected the "shipment of his paintings
and equipment of his Munich studio
to London with a view of establishing
a permanent residence In the latter
place. Mix Peck holds a place quite
high on the list of meritorious and suc
cessful painters. His work Is well
known and appreciated In London,
Paris, Munich, New York and San
Francisco.
Amedee Joullin began his career as a
painter In this city. He was a pupil of
Jules Tavernler at the famous old
studio, 728 Montgomery street. He
went to Paris In the early eighties
and sojourned there several years. He
Btudled under eminent teachers, and
during hours of relaxation from study,
probably, had a good time with John
Stanton 'and .others of the guild. He
Is going abroad this time to brush up.
He expects to study, and arso to turn
out some work. Since his return from
France, eighteen years ago, Mr. Joullin
has painted several notable pictures.
The value of his paintings Is readily
recognized. He will leave San Fran
cisco for Paris early next week.
Mr. Peck will not take his departure
until the middle of December.
'Fifty or more of the owl's children
will assemble at the Bohemian Club
to-morrow evening and sit 'down to a
feast in honor of these artists.
Defeats Chicago Univers
ity Pointless. in Annual
Football Game.
CHICAGO. Nov. 26.— Chicago Univer
sity surrendered the Western football
championship to-day and went down
to defeat before the University, of
Michigan, 23 to 0, on Marshall Field
in the annual Thanksgiving day con
test. Some 20,000 spectators braved the
cold and five inches of snow to see
the game. Considerable delay was ex
perienced in starting the game on ac
count of the labor of sweeping the
snow off the gridiron. Coach Stagg
had a fever and attended the game
closely wrapped in blankets in a car
riage.
The usual vigor of the Chicago eleven
was missing. Michigan scored the first
touchdown in twelve minutes of play
by smashing Heston and Longman
against the yielding Chicago line 'and
using Joe Maddock, right tackle, for
first downs when a few yards were
needed. The left end of Chicago's line
was particularly vulnerable and Spelk,
Parry and Wrightman were swept as.de
by the rush of Heston and Graver. So
desperate and wearisome was Eeker
sall's tackling that he had to give way
to Lee Maxwell in the second half.
Eckersall did not do well in kicking,
as was predicted by those who had
watched his work when his goals from
field won the game /rom Wisconsin.
In the first half Michigan was held
only once for downs and Chicago was
possessor of the ball only three times.
A slight shifting of Chicago's players
In the second half brought out a flash
of the old offense but it was due great
ly to the individual efforts of Bezdek
and Nordenholt, and proved barren of
substantial results.
the letter's Gridiron Field.
MINNESOTA IS VICTORIOUS.
I>efeats University of Wisconsin on
MADISON, Wis., Nov. 26.— The Uni
versity of Wisconsin received another
football defeat to-day by bowing to the
University of Minnesota, 17 to 0. All
the -scoring was done in the second
half, Wisconsin apparently not having
sufficient strength to hold out through
the game, although It fought desper
ately all the time. Captain Abbott of
Wisconsin was disabled early in the
first half._ Minnesota seemed overcon
fident in the first half, but got down to
hard work during the second period of
the play. Michigan , had defeated Wis
consin 16 to 0, and Minnesota had tied
Michigan. Minnesota wished to excel
Michigan, and by hard fighting did so
by a margin of one point. This wish
spurred Minnesota to fierce, fast play-
Ing in the second half. The Minnesota
team seemed to be reborn. It worked
together and pounded a victory out of
a good team before an adversely , in
clined crowd of 7000 persons. Davis,
Iris Field, Curate and Schacht per
formed prodigies of valor to the re
peated applause of Wisconsin rooters.
Harris, quarterback, time ; and again
executed runs for gains, which brought
the crowd to Its feet. During the sec
ond half the ball was almost continu
ously in Minnesota's possession." Wis
consin was fighting an uphill game all
the time. Twice Schacht carried the
BERKELEY. Nov. 28. — The football
team of the Columbia Park Boys' Club
defeated the Foothills, the deaf mute
team of the State Instltute»for the Deaf
Dumb and Blind, this, afternoon on the in
stitute griairon. The. score at the end
stood 17 to 0.
Columbias Defeat Foothills.
CHICAGO. Nor. 2t5. — Carlisle Indians
defeated Northwestern University to-day
at football, 28 to 0, on the American
League baseball grounds. At times dur
ing the contest snow fell in such blinding
swlals that the players were concealed
from the 3000 spectators who gathered to
root for the Evanstoji eleven, and the
Indians. Coach McCormack's eleven was
materially weakened by the absence of
Guard Phillips, an alumnus of Carlisle,
from the line. The old Carlisle lineman
prefered not to play against his former
schoolmates. Watching the contest from
the stand. Phillips said that had the
field been free from snow Carllsl»'s speedy
backs would have doubled the score.
Football in, the Snow.
Next Sunday the Arlinfirtonsand the
Presidio eleven will fight the last of the
semi-final battles. The line-up of yes
terday was as follows:
Brooklyn. Position. Buttery D.
Cahlll. HlHlard I*. K K..T^ang:ley. Colraan
JpftrlM Kennedy.. I* T. R...; FYu?an
Hurley! t^ O. R .......Clark
Rlra Center Dcpanper
Sullivan "....H. O. 1^ .....Myer
Nichols Bpchart...R. T. L RwmJ
Lehmann. McGulre R. B. L.... ..LanK
Ryan Smith .Quarter Hepthal
Ml Sullivan .Ton»>8 K. H. R Platt
Zlska "W"alieflsch...T^. II. B Kaboo
Clgpp' Fullback Cavanaugh
KofMPp — Kennedy. Umpire — Dorr. -Heart
linesman— Pasacker. . Halves — Twenty-five
minutes and twenty mlnutea. Score — Brook
lyn 1C, Battery D 6.
Clapp for the Brooklyns played a
strong game at fullback. Both elevens
played poorly at various stages of the
game and few of the men were in con
dition. There was some slugging and
much rough work. Battery D was
weakest in the line, and the opposing
team took advantage of this fact by
using the full list of center players. The
artillerymen scored three touchdowns,
but missed two of the> goals.
The Brooklyns qualified for the finals
in the Amateur Athletic League foot
ball championship series at the Pre
sidio athletic grounds yesterday after
noon by defeating the eleven from Bat
tery D by a score of 16 to 6. This means
that the artillerymen are out of the race
for the cup. The game was fiercely
contested from beginning to end and
the crowd in the grandstand went wild
with enthusiasm over the "struggle.
The most sensational play of the
game was a fifty-five yard run by Lang
of Battery D. He secured the pigskin
on a fumble and, after running about
in uncertainty for several seconds,
finally took the right direction and
went over the goal line for a touch
down.
Mr. Carolan played some new ponies
yesterday and was in the thick of the
scrimmage. The teams lined up: .
Reds— T. A. Driscoll, W. McCreery, E.
W. Howard, Joe Tobin Jr.
Whites— F. J. Carolan, R. M. Tobin,
L. McCreery, C. Dunphy.
Four periods of ten minutes each were
played*, the Whites winning ultimately
by a score" of 4 to 2. R. M. Tobin scored
a fifth goal for his team; but it was not
allowed, as he was offside, when the
play was made. Lawrence McCreery
did the major. part of the scoring for
the winners. . v ;
The Reds played In considerable hard
luck, as Tom Driscoll barely missed sev
eral goals, one ball striking the goal
post and bounding outside.
When the time for the annual cup
matches come around the
Club will have fine material for a team
in Tom Driscoll, Charley Dunphy, R. M.
Tobin and the" two McCreerys,. Law
rence and Walter.
The dashing horsemen of Burlingame
Countrj- Club opened the polo season
yesterday in brilliant fashion on the
club Held at Burlingame. The first
match game was unusually fast for this
season of the year, especially as the
field was slow from recent rains.
The class of the ponies has been
raised considerably since last season,
all the players being exceptionally well
mounted. Charlie Dunphy, who is pro
nounced the most accomplished horse
man in California, made his reappear
ance on the field after an absence of
nearly two years. He showed some
fleet ponies v one in particular, a chest
nut thoroughbred, showing speed over
everything on the field.
Qualifies for the Amateur
Athletic League
Championship.
When the Mississippi R,lver is at flood
one can drink fresh water from t&e gull J
ten- miles from the river's mouth.
Brilliant Inaugural Game
Is Played on the
Club Field.
BROOKLYN TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
CHAMPIONSHIP
FOR MICHIGAN
PLAYERS AN'D INCIDENTS IN THE POLO GAME AT BUULINGAME COUNTRY CLUB YESTERDAY. WHICH
OPENED AUSPICIOUSLY WHAT PROMISES TO BE A BRILLIANT SEASON OF THIS MQST EXCITING
OF SPORTS OF THE FIELD.
Stolen bases — Doyle (2). Anderson. Errors
— Egan. Holllngswortn. Sacrifice hits — Blake,
Sheehan. Van Buren. First base on errors
Sacramento 1. Portland 1. First -base on call
ed balls — Off Shields 2. Left on bases—Sacra
mento 2. Portland 3. Struck out — By Shields
3. Double plays — Holllngsworth to Freeman
(2); Eheehan to Casey to Knell. Time of game
— 1 :05. Umpire — Levy.
SUMMARY,
Totals 18 1 5 18 10! Totals 19 0 4 18 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 1 1
Base hits 1 10 10 2—5
Portland ,.0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Base hits 1 0 0 1 0 2—4
AB. R.H. P. A.j AB. R. H. P. A.
Dojie.cf. 3 13 2 0 VBurn.cf 2 0 0 2 0
Hilbrd.lf 3 0 10 0Fremn.lb3 0 1 B 0
MLchn.rf 3 0 0 1 l|Blake.rf. 2 0 2 0 0
Ca«ey.2b 2 O O 2 l'Andsn.2b 2 0 0 10
Ksan.n.. 10 112 Holwth.s 2 0 0 3 6
Shehn.3b 10 0 1 2,Nadeu.lf 2 0 0 0 0
Knell.lb. 2 0 0 8 0 Frncls.3b 2 0 0 11
Hogan.c. 2 0 0 3 OShea.c... 2 0 0 3 3
Thonute.p 10 0 0 4:Shields,p 2 0 10 2
SECOND GAME.'
Sacramento — I Portland—
Btolen bases — Sheehan, Freeman, Holllnga
worth (2), Nadeau. Error — Casey. Three-baiw
hit — McLaughlin. • Two-base, hits — FVancis^Mc-
Farlan (2). Hlldebrand. Sacrifice hits — Van
Burcn, Knell, Blake. First base on errors —
Portland 1. First base on called balls — Off
Fitzgerald. 2; off McFarlan, 6. Left on bates
— Sacramento (J, Portland 5. Struck out — By
Fitzgerald. 3; by McFarlan, 4. Hit by pitcher
— Knell. FltTKerald. Freeman. Double plays —
Freeman to Hollingsworth; Van Buren to Free
man: S'.cnn to Knell. Time of game — Two
hours. Umpire — Levy.
Base ljltn
Portland . .
Base hits
1O1OOO11 <> — 4
.0101000 2 X — 4
02^21101 X— S
SUMMARY. .
Sacramento
1000000 1 0— 2
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A
Doyle, cf. 4 0 0 1 0 V Burn cf .'{ 0 0 11
Hildbd.lf 3 12 2 0 Fremn.lb 3 10 0 1
McLgn.rf 3 0 10 0 Blake, rf 2 0 0 1 0
Casey, 2b 4 0 0 1 3 Andsn.Sb 4 0 0 8 2
Egan. s. S 0 1 1 2|lolswth.s3 3 2 4 2
Fhehn.Hb 2 O 0 :{ 3 Nadeau.lf :i 0 2 O 0
Knell, lb 1 1 O 10 0 Franci*3b 4 0 2 3 1
Hogan, c. .4 0 0 « 1 . Khen c. . 4 0 0 fl 2
ntzgrld.p 2 0 0 0 4iMcFrln,p 3 0 2 0 4
Totals. 26 2 4 24 13| Totals. 29 4 8 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
FIRST GAME.
Sacramento — ! Portland —
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 26.— The Port
land Browns and the Senators split
even on the double-header this after
noon. The Senators would have taken
both games but for an unfortunate
error by Casey, who fell down in field
ing an easy one and allowed two runs
to cross the plate. In the second game
Casey made one of the most spectacu
lar catches ever witnessed here and the
fans forgave him his accident. The last
game was called on account of darkness
at the end of the sixth inning. Score:
SENATORS ASE UNLUCKY.
players rushed to the umpire to pro
test and while they were talking
"Wheeler started for second base. Byers
threw wild to catch him and the ball |
rolled to the fence. Hoy and Wheeler
scoring. This misplay did not improve
the temper of the Seattles and they
began to sulk. Park Wilson went
upon the field and talked so loud that '
McDonald ordered him off the dia
mond. His team mates urged him not
to go and he stood his ground and con
tinued to talk. McDonald, after warn- !
ing him several times, drew his watch i
and grave him five minutes to get off
the diamond. At the expiration of the
time limit there was no move to re
sume playing and McDonald gave the
game to Los Angeles, 9 to 0.
The second game was bec-m in a
few minutes with the same pitchers,
Barber and Newton. Newton blanked
them for five innings and then retired j
in favor of Corbett, who continued the ;
good work. Los Angeles played all j
around the visitors and on eight hits
scored five runs, while Seattle with
twelve hits could not connect with the
plate. Attendance, 6000. Scores:
Los Angeles — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AD. R. II. P.A.
Hoy, cf.. 4 1 1 1 (i I.umly.cf 4 0 110
Whelr,2b 4 1114 Mohler,2b 5 » 1 O 9
Bmith. 3b 4 O 0 i 4|8mith, rf 5 O 2 2 1
Dtllon.Jb 4 1 1 St 0 Brashr.lb 50 0 IB 0
Cravth.rf 2 111 O r.tnssar.lf 5 0 2 10
ftcxs. If.. 4 O 1 .'< 0 JatiM-ip.ttb 4 O 2 1 1
Ravmd. s 3 O 1 3 l'|Dolan. s 6 O 1 1 2
fiples. c. 3 O O 0 0 HyerV, c. 4 0 2 2 0
Newton. p 10 0 0 <• Uarber; p 3 0 10 2
Corbett.p 21210
1 Totals. 40 O 12 24 15
Totals.31 C 8 27 101
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Loc Anffeles 0 10 0 0 0 13 % — 5
Base hits 02011004 x— 8
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 — 0
Base hit* 1011*0132 3—12
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Cravath. Errors — Wheeler, Jan
sing:. Barber. Two-base hits — Barber, Lumley
Cravath. First bare on ball* — Off Corbett, :t;
off Barber, 1. First base on errors— ijo* An
eeleB 1. Seattle I. Struck out— By Newton, 2;
by Corbrtt, 3: hv Barber. 1. Left on bases —
Ijop Angeles 2. Seattle 15. Sacrifice hit — Cra
vath. Hit? — Off Newtcn. 3; off Corbett. 9.
Wild pitch — Barber. Time of game — One hour
and fifty mlnuten. Umpire — McDonald.
OAKLAND. Nov. 26.— In an association
football game that was fu!l of exciting
incidents between the Hornets and *the
team from the ships in San Francisco
Bay this afternoon at hlora Park, neither
side scored. The Hornets, by their su
perior teaip wdrk. kept the ball In the
sailors' territory most of the time of. the
two halves, but often the sailors, by
fierce play. . would get the sphere dan
gerously near their opponents' goal. The
soggy condition of the uround did much
to prevent the teams scoring, as the run
ning tts»s difficult.
A LAMBDA. Nov. 26.— Four to nothing,
with the Vamolres on the winning end.
wa*^h«? result of the football game
played between that team and the Pick
wicks on the Webster-street field this
afternoon. All of the tallies were scored
by the victors in the second half. Three
of rhe goals were kicked by Kay and one
by Showell.
Association Football Game.
CORVALLIS, Or., Nov. 26.— In the In
terstate football game here to-day Ore
gon Agricultural College defeated the
Nevada University team by a score of
15 to 0. A superior defense and a fierce
offense throughout the game won the
contest for the Oregonian9.
JTevada Eleven Defeated.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 26.—Penn
sylvania wound up her football season
of disappointment to-day by defeating
Cornell 42 to 0. Only twice during the
game were the Cornell men able to hold
Pennsylvania for downs. They gained
their distance only five times, mostly
by fak*e plays.
Pennsylvania Defeats Cornell.
ball across "Wisconsin's goal line, and
the third time Burdlck had the honor.
Rogers kicked goal twice. The score
was: Minnesota 17, Wisconsin 0.
By a. series of line smashes Stanford
made fifteen yards and then sent Still
man through left tackle for fifteen
yards more. Fierce smashes at the In
dians' line brought the ball to their
five-yard line again, where they made
a determined stand and got the ball
on downs. Pierce kicked pcorly for
thirty yards and the ball wag brought
back eight yards by Dole. On a quar
terback glass Bansbach took the ball
and with splendid interference skirted
left end for a touchdown. Smith kicked
goal. Score: Stanford, «; Indians, 0.
The first half ended with the ball In
Sherman's hands on their own thirty
yard line.
The second half was faster and both
teams played better ball. Stanford's
second touchdown was made en Dole s
spiral kick, which Silvas fumbled, and
Stillman carried it over the line. Smith
kicked goal from a difficult angle.
Score: Stanford. 12; Sherman. 0.
"When they lined up again and Dole
had kicked forty yards. Neafua did
splendid work, running the ball In on
a series of shift plays for twenty-five
and ten yards In quick succession.
Sherman was penalized fifteen yards
for off-side play and Neafua kicked for
twenty-five yards. Stanford got the
ball and gradually worked it down the
field to the thirty-yard line, where
Bansbach took It across after a thirty
yard run around right end. Smith
kicked an easy goal and the score was:
Stanford. 18; Sherman. 0.
From this time until the call of time
the ball was in the hands cf the In
dians and they made decisive gaing
around Stanford's ends. Neafus carried
the ball through the ends for five, six
and ten yards. Pierce and Dole ex
changed punts and the game ended
with the ball on Sherman's thlrty-flve
yard line. Score: Stanford, IS; Sher
man. 0. Officials— Umpire. McGee. Stan
ford; referee, Major Collins, Belmont.
Time, 25-minute halves.
Captain Bansbach was the bright
particular star of Stanford's line-up,
and for the Indians Bemis Pierce. Nea
fus, Lugo and Torre's played a splendid
game. Pierce's tackling and his Inter
ference when Neafus was sent around
the ends were as good as anything in
that line ever seen here. The playing
of both teams was free from extreme
ly rough play, which marred the play
between Sherman and Berkeley In thi3
city last Thanksgiving.
A crowd of 7000 persons filled the
.seats when Dole kicked off for Stan
ford. Silvas carried the ball in fifteen
yards, and Pierce kicked to Stanford's
thirty-five-yard line. Dole ran in fif
teen yards before he was downed, and
Stanford then began to hammer Sher
man's line for gains. Exchange kicks
left the ball in Stanford's hands on the
Indians' forty-yard line. Bansbach
made twenty yards on a fake pass play.
A series of tandem bucks at left tackle
netted Stanford fifteen yards, and with
but five yards to make Dole was sent
through the line. He was downed on
the three-yard line and lost the ball to
the Indiana. Pierce kicked out of dan
ger and Bansbach ran in fifteen yards
before he was downed.
Although the year's coaching of the
Sherman team by Bemis Pierce devel
oped several strong players, they were
not quick to take advantage of oppor
tunities and were slow in solving the
offensive tactics of the collegians. A
quarterback pass fooled them several
times, and two of the touchdowns
scored by Stanford were made on the
clever execution of this play.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 28.— The Stan
ford varsity eleven defeated the Sher
man Indian team from Riverside this
afternoon at Prager Park by the score
of 18 to 0. The play of both teams was
marked by clean work, and not a sin
gle player on either side resorted to
rough or unfair tactics. Stanford was
much faster behind the line than the
Indians and seldom failed to make de
cisive gains when the ball came into
their hand?. The collegians kept the
ball In their opponents' territory the
greater part of the time. To the great
work of Bansbach. Stillman. Chalmers,
Dole and Thompson of Stanford all
credit is due.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 26.— Los Ange
les took both games from Seattle to
day, making It four straight for the
series, two of. which were shut-outs.
The first game to-day ended unsatis
factorily because the Northerners went
into a fit of sulks over McDonald's de
cision and quit when Los Angeles had
scored three runs and nobody out. In
the third inning, with Spies and Hoy
on bases. Wheeler hit a bo'inder to
Barber, who threw to Byers to catch
Spies at the plate. McDonald called
Bpies safe and there was trouble at
ance. Mohler and most of the Seattle
Seattle Men Sulk and One Hatch Is
Declared Forfeited.
TWO GAMES FOB ANGELS.
Stolen »jaee — O'Hara. Errors — Rocjtenfleld,
Krug. Two-bare hits— Devoreaux (2). Olocken
flcld. Graham. Irwin (2). Bacriflce hit* — Mur
dock, Mcwrty, Devereaux. First bane on er
rors — San Francisco l, Oakland 1. First bas
on called balls— Oil Whalen 2, off Graham 2.
L<eft on bases — Pan Francisco «, Oakland 10.
Struck out— Hy Whalen 2. by Graham 1. Hft
by pitcher — Iiock*nfl«"ld. Double plays — Irwin
to Kror; Schwartz to Roexenfleld to Messeriy.
Time of came— 1:35. Umpires— McKay and
Hodson.
1
Tota??.:i'i 5 13 27 10 TctaU.31 0 4 27 15
UfNS AND HITS DT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 12 0 0 0 2 0— S
Bih hits 1 1 2 2 0 O 1 4 2—13
San l r r»nci«co « O O 0 0 0 0 0 0 — O
Baae btts 0 0110100 1—4
SUMMARY. •
Oakland — I San Francisco —
AB. It. H. P. A.| AB.R.H.P.A.
OHara.cf fi 0 2 fi fl| Lynch.cf 4 0 110
Rcknfld.s 4 0 12 ljMeany.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Murdk.rf 4 0 10 l)j Irwin, :Jb 4 0 3 2 3
Hcfa«rx,2b 5 1 2 1 « Krufr, *.. 4 0 0 3 3
Krucer.lf 4 113 0 Pabst. lb 4 O 0 12 0
LK>vrx.:ib 4 12 3 3 Delms.2b 4 0 0 3 3
Mfrly.lb 2 1 1 10 0 Zearfss.c 2 O O 3 1
Oortin. c 4 0 1 2 0 Whaln, p .*{ O O O f>
Grahm.p 4 12 10 lAnisy.lt 3 0 O 1 0
Graham In Great Form.
Southpaw Oscar Graham was the
main performer during the morning
battle at Oakland. He let the Natives
down with four scattered hits. Irwin
connected for three of these. Whalen
came in for his bumps often, and the
Cripples put five over the plate. Jack
O'Connell was eating his Thanksgiving
turkey for breakfast and of course
could not show up, so McKay and Hod
son did the stunts with the indicator.
Their decisions seemed to please. The
score:
VT. L. Pot. 1 W. L,. Pet.
X.. Anjreles.131 77 .CO.Facramento.lOO 10S .490
6*atUe 97 97 .&W;)'ortland .. 95 105 .475
baa Fr*n..l«$ JC9 .4!«3 (Oakland .. &S J25 .413
The Natives and their Cripple op
ponents treated each other to an even
break yesterday. While the battle
waxed warm cm the field at Oakland
the Cripples were making all the runs
and they never gave uncle's tossers a
chance, winning 4 to 0. The afternoon
struggle was a torrid one in spots and
the home stickers got away with the
glory. 5 to 4.
Uncle got off lucky considering the
make-up of his team. Danny Shay is
Ftill in the hospital class and unable'
to perform. Mr. . Krug was called in
from center field and Instructed as to
his rights in shortstop territory. . Mr.
Cutter was forced to don his mitt and
chase the long ones out in center field.
Old Peter wanted both games badly,
so he put Cooper in the box to shoot
'em over, notwithstanding the fact
that the slender southwinger did slab
duty the day before. Cooper was not
treated right by the fielder*, but still
he fared about as well as Iberg. Both
pitched good ball.
The game opened up with a rush and
the Cripples sent two over -the route
so quickly that the admirers of the
home team threw their hats skyward.
O'Hara started the battle with a bingle
to the outfield. Rockenfield laid down
a bunt which Pabst proceeded to fum
ble. Then he picked it up and threw
it away. While he was thus engaged
both O'Hara and Rockenrield began to
hot foot over the cushions, nor did they
hesitate till both landed with luns.
The Natives made a fast comeback
in their half of the round. Both Lynch
and Meany drove the leather safely.
Then Devereaux threw the tall away
at the plate and Peter Lohaian made a
wide toss to second and tnen another
hit was forthcoming and in conse
quence the Natives amassed four runs
before the round was over.
More runs and excitement were on
for the next round. The Cripples start
ed in right away to lambast? the of
ferings of Ham Iberg. How well they
succeeded is shown In the score. Four
safe bingles netted two runs, just
enough to tie up the score and make
a deadlock for four more innings.
Irwin tore off another in the fifth and
Pabst sent him around to third with
a good healthy drive. Pabst'a bad foot
seemed to bother him some, so it was
agreed to let Hodson do the running.
Hoddie was immediately caught nap
ping off the bag and it looked bad. He
started do«vn the line and then Mes
serly threw to third to catch Irwin.
The throw wa's wide, so Irwin had am
ple time to scamper in with the win
ning tally. The score:
San Francisco— I Oakland—
AH. R. H. P. A.: AH. R. H P A
I.ynch.rf 4 12 0 0 OHsra.of 3 12 2 0
I.I' any.rf 3 1 1 0 «• «<xkfld.s 3 10 12
Ir»:n.::b 3 2 2 3 S Murdk.rf 4 0 O 2 0
£ru£.* 2 10 2 2 Hohwz.-b 4 0 0 0 3
PabsMh 3 O l 10 o Kruj;rr.lf 4 0 1—0
lw.lms.2b 4 0 13 1 Devrx.rSb 4 110 2
Z.arfos c 4 0 0 r» 2 Ho«r!y.lb 4 11110
< urw.lf. 3 0 0 4 0 Lohmn.c 3 0 0 5 "
Il"TK,p..JJ J) 1 0 4 Tooper.p. 3 0 2 14
Totais 29 5 8 27 121 Totals 32 ~4 ~7 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4
Haw hits I 4 0 0 110 0 0—7
£an Franeisfo 4 0 0 01 0 0 0 x— 5
Uzfe hits 3-0 1 2 2 0 0 0 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen !>a!>e»— Pabrt, O'Hara. DevprPauz
Errors— Pa b*t (2). IH-vwaux .Meocrrly I^ofi
roan. Cooper. Ibcr*. Two-base hit*—^Cooper,
Krujjer SacrifW hits— n<x.k«-nfleld Patst
Krmc. O'Hara. First baw on errors— San
Francisco I. Oakland 2. First base on railed
balls— Off Ooojw»r 2. Left on bases— San Fran
oisco T», Oakland 3. Struck out — By Iborg 4,
fov Cooper 4. Double play — Schwartz to I»h
man to llesserly. Wild pitch — Iberg. Time of
game — 1 ;4S. Umpire — O'Connell.
»
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Southpaw Graham Shuts
Out Uncle's Men in
Oakland.
the Indians.
Collegians Exhibit Speed
and Easily Score Over
Cripples Face Defeat in a
Fast Contest at Rec
reation Park.
Varsity Defeats the Sher
man Team in a Game
in the South.
HOME TEAM
LOSES AND
WINS ONCE
STANFORD
OUTPLAYS
REDSKINS
POLOISTS OF BURLINGAME OPEN SEASON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. M)VEMBER .2), 1903.
8
"THE B0 AD .THAT
MIA CHOSE."
A Story With a Strange
«" Ending.
BY BARAH COMSTOCK.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
thousands"
Of people -will testify that Kidney " a <i B^JT
troubles hav. at last m« with a ««»"•%£
McBurney's Ktdney and Eladder T! ,?i r Vim« ?bt
bottle cures. One lose '•"• ve *w nt^*t *
the forelock and purchase one o° ttle "
McBnrney's /^mm
Kidney and )^ ljPl|
BladderCure £j % W?
And get wliet In 20 W\ , T
minutes. It 1» * ctr ~ V* ' A
tain and thorough |^^ «/iV
brt'kdu.tSe^.lt bed w«tln*. dropsy,
diabetes, rheumatism.
r-vtirxGO 111.. March 20. lS0<v
MR W F McBURN'EY. Los Angles.
r-.i —Dear Sir: It affords mo pleasure to
'S-ilrVw the rfflclency of ycur Kidney
Hi madder Cure. 1 have been troubled
tuh my kidneys and bladder for over
E^? Sirs I have been treat"! by
SE^C 7 A Purdy and Dr. Frank Wells,
th* Utter beln* my ¦<». I regret to
.ay they did me no good. I wa» ad-
v»«ed to iP«wl the winter la Los Angt-
ul which 1 did. On th« nlsht before
t lift for home I got a bottle of your
L.A\r\ie. The first doae did me irood
"J?,,,, well when I reached horn*,
.nd I can say In conclusion that I am
mteful to you- If this letter Is of any
££ to Vou. us* It. THOS. WTELLS.
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure
nreoald *l 50. SftJd 25c to W. F. Mc-
Rurney for flveW*"" treatment. 229
f Spring st.. l|s Angeles. Sold by"JOE" TOBIN PERFORMS
BRILLIANTLY AT TENNIS
Ex>Champion Wins Two Tournament
Matches Without the Loss of
a Set.
1 Two tournaments were played on the
tennis courts yesterday, and. both were
well attended. The California Club
players were engaged in one of the most
successful handicap singles events held
in a long time. On the park courts an
open mixed doubles tournament fur
nished good sport.
' The entry "st at the California Club
was unusually large, and affairs were
better, managed ' than they have been
for years. 1 A ¦ light - lurch . was served;
and the affair was more like those held
ten years ago than any held: recently. •
Of the thirty-three players ' who en
tered but eirit remained at the end, of
GIVING DAY HANDICAP. .
COMPETITORS. S a f
¦ "3
H.° A. Blackman gg q rq"
S. L. Abbot Jr S3 3 SO
Rolla V. Watt m V> £l
Dr. J. R, dark 84 3 81
B. H. Kinney 94 jo 59
Dr. T. G. . McConkey gg J| gj
Lieutenant J. S. Oyster 57 4 $3
J. W. Byrna 84 t 81
F. H. Beaver 85 12 (Cl
Leonard Chenery (« g gj.
Perry Eyre BS 12 88
LouiA F. Monteagle 100 14 80
R. G. Hanford 84 S 8«
L. B. Edwards OS 12 £6
Henry M. Hoyt 90 .1 87
R G. Brown * M 6 87'
H. C. Broeden 65 8 g~
Charles Page 03 6 87
A. S. Lillcy 00 8 88
Worthlngton Ames M 8 88
W. J. Dutton 102 14 8.8
R. J. Woods 102 12 80
W. H. La Bojteaux 97 6 91
C. H. Bentley 100 8 92 *
J. S. Severance 104 12 92
S B McXear ......'. 104 12 92
J A.'Folger 89 6 93
H. C Golcher 05 0 »5
A. M. Shields 107 12 95
S. H. Boardman 113 16 07
Warren Gregory 104 6 98
Reginald White, handicap 16: R. D. Glrvln.
handicap 14; R. I. Bentley, handicap 8: F.
W. McNear, handicap 12; J. H. Mee. handicap
8; F. B Anderson, handicap 12; P. McG. Mc-
Bean handicap 16, and George E. Starr, han
dicap 6, made no returns.
Bookmaker Jim Davis beat the handi
cap to the extent of $3000. He had a bet
on the Daly colt and favored him In the
book. .
The Fog was stepping to town until
cut off by Ferrell on Bay Wonder. The
colt has worked fast and will take some
beating In his class. '
Football Player Injured.
PARIS. III., Nov. 26.— Felix McWher
ter Jr. of Depauw University was prob-i
ably fatally injured to-day in a game
Beady to Hear Fair Will Case.
. PARIS, Nov. 26.— Attorney Elster.
who was sent by a New York court to
Paris to near the testimony In the Fair
will case, has arranged to begjn work
on Saturday. This proceeding is inde
pendent of the trial for perjury which
the French courts have instituted
against the witnesses who testified that
Mrs. Fair died after her husband and
which will shortly end.
CRAZED FATHER KILLS .
CHILDREN AND HIMSELF
Throws Them on Track Before an Ap
proaching: Train and Then Leaps
After, Them!
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— Thomas Makie
wlecz. a young tailor, in the presence
of hundreds of persons threw his two
children, aged 3 and 5 years,. before an
approaching train near here at mid
night and leaped after them. All three
were- killed." The 'man was despondent
over the death of his wife.---"
A large holiday crowd saw Otto Zah!"s
greyhound. Miss Wilson, romp
the stake yesterday at Ingleside Couri
ing Park. She met and defeated Con
cord Boy cleverly in the deciding
course.
The outsiders in the betting landed
•with such frequency as to stagger ths
talent. Irish Lad alone bowled over
three warm choices. The hare3 wer»
strong and provided good sport. The
results in detail:
Reserve stake, first round — Manru beat
Crockett Boy; Mark Twain beat Golden Links;
Golden Light beat Yellow Boy; Tom Hurlicfc
beat Majr Flush; Meddlesome beat Lo»t Girl;
Maryueritte beat Krishna; AffitatOT beat Cus
ter; Brilliancy beat Real Puchess: Miss VTW'
son beat Maid of M<>rcy; Mountain Poet beat
Morning Glory; Master Clair beat Encor«;
Hesper be«t Gunpowder: Lord Goff beat St.
Louis Boy; Irish Lad beat Comique; Brown
Belle beat Una: Ancrjor beat Go On; Rocks*
feller beat All Baba; Maid of Gowrie beat
White Myrtery; Tohasco Bob beat Beauty
Gold; Rose Tree beat Summer tiirl: Finool*
beat Young Johnny Rex; Hurry On beat Star
Sylvamw; Pacing Billy beat Rock and Ky«;
Yukon beat Mollie Me; Little Sister beat Lady
Plnta: Concord Boy beat Oulda; Regal Attlr«
beat Our Myra: Flora Temple a bye, Northern
Lad withdrawn.
Second round — Manru beat Mark Twain; Tom
Hurllck beat Golden Lixht: Manruerttte beat
Meddlesome; Agitator beat Brilliancy: MUt
Wilson beat Mountain Poet; Hesper beat Max
tor Clalr; Irish Lad beat Lord GofT; Brown
Belle beat Anchor; Rockefeller beat Mali cf
Gowrte; Tobasco Bob beat Rose Tre*: Flnoola
beat Hurry On: Yukon beat Pacing Billy: Con
cord Boy beat Little Sister; Flora Temple beat
Reral Attire.
Third round — Mann beat Torn Hurltck:
Marrueritte beat Agitator: Miss Wilson be«t
Hesper; Irish I.ad beat Brown Belle: Rocke
feller beat Tobasco Bob; Concord Boy beat
Yukon; Flora Temple a bye.
Fourth round — Mareuerite beat Manru: Miss
Wilson beat Irish Lad. Rockefeller beat Fi
noola: Concord Boy a bye.
Fifth round — Mlsa Wilson beat Maryueritte;
Concord Boy beat Rockefeller. ¦ -
Deciding course — Miss Wilson beat Concord
Boy. -. •.;,>¦:
Miss Wilson Beats Con
cord Boy in Deciding
Course.
HOLIDAY STAKE
AT INGLESIDE
M. Hughes, M. Powers and M. Buckley.
Emeralds^ — D. McMahon (captain), J.
O'Brien. J. Ryan, J. Barry, Ed Allen, J.
Joyce. P. Devlne, N. Finn, N. Barron,
P. Murphy, M. O'Rourke. J. Cudahy, P.
Foley, J. Johnson. M. Sullivan, M. Hen
nessey and A. RIordan. '
Referees— C. Desmond and Captaira
McBride.
Summarv:
Running hop. step and Jump — Paul E. Turk,
St Ignatius A. C. first: Thomas D'Arcy. Em
erald G. A. C, eccond: Paul Magerstadt. Cali
fornia School Mechanical Art-«, third. Dis
tance. 43 feet 7 inches.
Slinging 56 pounds between legs, with fol
low—W. C. Minnehan, Olympic Club, first;
Dennis Buckley. G. A. C second; Joe Law
ler. McBrids G. A. C. third. Distance. 26
fe*t 5 inches. »
One-mile run — B. de Tklamlel. Lowe!! High
School. Erst; W. F. Barren. Emerald G. A. C,
second. Time, 4 minutes 50 seconds.
Running broad Jump — Paul E. Turk, St. Ig
natius first; H. W. Bell. Stanford, second;
>aul Magerstadt, C. S. M. A., third. Dis
tance. 21 fe»t *4 Inch.
Putting 42-Ib. shot — Ed Nunan. Emerald G.
A. C. first: T. Nunan, E. G. A. C. second;
A. C. Plaw. L*. C. third. Distance. 24 feet
6 inches.
l«-lb. hammer throw— A. C. Plaw, U. C,
fln«t: T. P. CTDowd. Emerald G. A. C sec
ond; W. E. Sperry. A. A. L.. third. Distance.
155 feet.
" 100-yard dash: First heat. John Botkin.
unattached: second heat, L. Schwartz. Lowell
High: third heat. E. R. Abadie. U. C. and P.
C. Gerhardt. Olvmpic Club, dead heat: fourth
heat. Bert Williams. Final — Schwartx, first:
Abadie. second; Gerhardt, third. Time. 10 3-5
seconds.
16-lb. shot put— A. C. Plaw. V. C first;
Victor Llcda. U. C. second: W. E. Sperry.
A A. L.. third. Distance. 41 feet 1 Inch.
120 hurdles — P. G. Hannlffan. IX. C. first;
Victor Llgda, U. C. second. Time, 18 sec-
Two-mile run— R. C. Hackley. U. C. first;
H. Maundrell. L. H. S.. second; W. R. Gar
cia, unattached, third. Time. 11 minutes
18 1-5 seconds.
440 yards", straightaway — Harry W. Temple
man. Olympic Club, first; Roy E. Dodson, C.
S. M. A., second. Time. 53 4-5 seconds.
Running hich Jumn — H. W. Bell. Stanford,
first; Paul Magerstadt. C. S. M. A., second:
James Blakemore. A. A. L.. third. Height, 5
feet 6 inches.
Pole vault— H. W. Bell. Stanford, first: H.
W. Ross. V. C. second. Height. 8 feet A
inches.
were won in two short sets.
What was lacking in the other
matches, however, was found in the
final match. This was one of the
closest seen at the park for a long
time. It took all five sets to settle the
question of supremacy. A noticeable
feature/ is that not one of the five sets
was close. | The contestants were Miss
Hazel Hotchkiss and George Baker,
and Miss Ethel Ratcllffe and Charles
Dunlap. They met on even terms.
When the former won the first set 6-1
it looked easy for them. Their oppo
nents won the next two sets just as
easily. The last two sets went to Miss 1
Ratcliffe and Baker, giving them the
match. Summary:
Miss K. Llndstrom and C. Griffin beat Mr.
and Mrs. Whitney by default: Miss M. R*t
clirfe and G. Lytton (2-6) beat Ml.«s Sea and
W. Sea «15). 6-3, 6-0; G. W. Burnett and Miss
E. Larzalere (15> beat J. Baker and Miss I.
Mearnes (15). 3-6. 6-3. 6-2; C. Quick and Miss
Conway (15 3-6) were beaten by F. Adams
and Miss Vodden (5-6). 6-0, 6-4; S. Gayness and
Miss Hess (15) beat J. A. Code and Miss A.
Duncan by default; G. Baiter and Miss Hcteh
klss (scratch) beat C. Howell and Miss Cullen
(15) 6-0. 6-2.
First round — Miss K. Ratcllffe and Dunlap
(scratch) beat Miss Undstrom and Griffin (3-6).
6-2. 6-3; Miss Ratcliffe and Lytton beat Mlsa
Larzalere and Burnett. 6-1. 6-2: Miss Hess and
Gayness beat Miss Vodden and Adama, 6-1.
6-4; Miss Hotchkiss and Baker beat Miss
Wegener and Finch (3-6). 6-4. 6-2.
Semi-finals — Mlsa E. R&tcllff • and Dunlap
beat Miss Ratcllffe and Lytton. 6-2. 6-3: Miss
Hotchklsa and Baker beat Miss Hess and Gay
ness. 6-4, '6-2.
Finals — Miss Hotchkiss and Baker beat Miss
E. Ratcllffe and Dunlap. 6-1. 3-6. 1-6, 6-3, 6-0.
Nearly 3000 " spectators enjoyed the
field day given yesterday at the Ingle
side race track under the auspices of
the Gaelic Athletic Association. The
day was an ideal one for the sports.
No records were broken as the track
was too soft. Some of the best athletes
on the coast took part In the contests
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of Abadie of the University of Cali
fornia by L. Schwartz, a Lowell High
School sprinter, in the 100-yard dash.
Abadie and Gerhardt ran a 'dead heat
in the semi-final and it was rhought
the race would be between them. They,
however, did not count on Schwartz,
who developed a burst of speed and
beat Abadie out by three feet.
The two-mile race also proved inter
esting. In the last quarter Hackley of
the University of California took the
lead and sprinted away from Maun
drell and Garcia. H. W. Bell, a promis
ing Stanford athlete, captured two
firsts and one second. He shattered no
records, but proved a dangerous com
petitor. The University of California
was represented by P. G. Hannigan. A.
C. Plaw, Victor Lieda, E. R. Abadie, R.
C. Hackley and H. W. Ross, all of
whom showed up well.
The initial contest for the Gaelic foot
ball championship of the Gaelic Athletic
League was highly exciting. The Wolfe
Tones defeated the Emeralds by a score
of 5 to 2. The victors will hold the H. J.
Crocker cud for a year. When won
three tirrfes it becomes the permanent
property of the club.
The teams were made up as follows:
Wolfe Tones — C. Mclnerney (captain),
P. Kearney, J. MjpGurrin, J. Lawler, P.
Crowe, P. Stapleton, T. Mclnerney, J.
Heafcy. B. Fox, J. Laughlin, P. Con-
Ion, T. Lane, J. J. Lane, J. Hannigan.
the day's play. The successful players
were Harry Rolfe, Ray Splivalo, • Jo
seph S. Tobln, Will 4 Allen, J. D. Mac-
Gavin, Alden Ames, Herbert Schmidt
and Charles Kuehn.
These eight players represent every
class in the club but one, and that is
the limit class. Allen and MacGavin
are "owe 15"; Tobln is "owe 2-6";
Schmidt Is "owe 1-6": Rolfe and Spli
valo are "scratch"; Kuahn is "4-6," and
Ames is "15 4-6." The fact that these
representative players are left show
how perfectly, the handicapping was
done.
The feature of the day was the work
of Joe Tobin. Tobin ten years ago was
considered one of the best players. He
lived up to his reputation yesterday,
winning both of his matches without
losing a set. His match with Frank
Mitchell was an interesting one. Mitch
ell gave Tobln "owe 4-V and the wise
ones thought he would win easily.
They did not figure on the steadiness
of the ex-champion, which won out. for
him. :Mr\ .-;V- .-:-.
L. C. Bozarth, with "15 3-6." had an
easy time with Collier, who owed 15.
Schmidt ("owe 1-6") had a hard time
beating Dr. Lovesrove (15 4-6). Fol
lowing Is the tournament by rounds:
First round— Harry Kolfe (scratch) beat R.
B. Cornell (scratch). 4-6 6-1. 6-3: R..B. Dag
gett (30) beat Herbert Long (4-«). 1-6. «-4.
6-4; L. C. Bozarth (15 3-$) beat W. B. Collier
(owe 15) 6-3. (5-2;: Ray Splivalo (scratch) beat
H. McAfee <30) 6-3 6-0; F. S. Mitchell (owe
15) beat A. W. Worthlngton (15 3-6). 8-6, 2-6,
8-3; J : S Tobin (owe 2-6) beat W. Volkmann
(30) 6-2, C-3; Sidney Salisbury (owe 2-6) beat
W. F Bull (15 4-6) 7-5. 6-2; Will Allen,
(owe 15) beat Dr. Noble (30). 12-10, 6-4: J.
D. MacGavin (owe .15) beat A. E. Beyfuss
(4-6). 6-4 6-2; S. Grant (15) beat H. E. Pun
'nett (4-6)'. 8-6. 3-6 6-3; Frank Strlngbam (owe
2-0) beat B. Wallace (15 4-6). 6-4. , 6-4; A.
Ames (15 4-6) beat D. Volkmann (30), 9-7. 4-6.
6-3; Dr. Lovegrove (13 4-6) beat E. P. Rob
bins (30). 6-3. B-3: H.' Schmidt (owe 1-6) beat
G -W Burnett (15 4-6). by default; C. Kuehn
beat W. Spring by default; H. Gray beat H.
Halght by default.
Second round— Rolfe (scratch) beat Daggett
(30) ' 6-4 6-4; Splivalo (scratch) beat Borarttf
(15 S-6) 6-16-4; Tobln (owe 2-6) beat Mitchell
(owe 15) 6-3 7-5: Allen (owe 15) beat Salis
bury (owe 2-6). 6-1. 6-0: MacGavin (owe 15)
beat Grant (15) 6-2 6-8 (withdrew); Ames
(15 4-6) beat Stringham (owe 2-6). 11-9. 6-4:
Schmidt (owe 1-6) beat Lovegrove (15 4-6).
6-1 5-7, 6-4; Kuehn (4-6) beat Gray (30),
6-2J 6-2.
Thirteen teams entered the competi
tion in the handicap mixed doubles
tourney; at Golden Gate Park. As the
handicapplnsr committee did not know
the ability of; many of the players, all
the preliminary matches .but: one
SCEXE DURING FOOTBALL MATCH BETWEEN THE WOLFE TONES
AND THE EMERALDS AT INGLESIDE. AND FINISH OF TWO-MILE
RACE BETWEEN FAST AMATEUR LONG-DISTANCE RUNNERS.
out and write up how it was that a se
lect cluster of Reno sports and one or
two from Ukiah got on to the fact that
The Fiddler was a good thing.
ENTRIES FOB TO-DAY.
First race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
W4S Quatre (E. Tierney) 9S
4707 'Theodora L (D. McCarthy) IKS
5.T.7 'Burdoc (H. F. Parks) 102
4:iW Lunga (J. Noonan) 103
S3S3 »Egg Nogg <S. G. Morton & Co.) 9*5
5-S04 Silver Fizz (G. Lenka) 103
5342 -Redwald (W. P. Magrane & Co.) 9S
ZC~A Torilla *Ray & Co.) 103
G33S Buccleuth <B. Schreiber) 110
5042 Tom Fox (P. Post) 102
5C54 Ed Lanigan (R. Peters) 10«
5352 'Elfin King (P. Herzog) 100
Second race — Five furlongs; two-year-old fll
lies; purse:
Caroburn (B. Schreiber) ; 110
Dollle Rey (J. Kane) 107
Anna H (C. D. Murray & Co.) 110
5349 Miss May Bowdish (L. A. Blasir.game).110
4672 Forest Fire (H. L. Haskell) 107
4458 Miss Betty <T. G. Ferguson) 110
5319 Prim Miss (Murphy & Co.) 107
4C72 Ethel Abbott (Mrs. Miller) 107
Moalta <W. II. Crlfty) 107
MR4 Sarrar (Bianchl & McGovern) 107
5319 Gottleiben (W. Fisher) 107
4409 Elizabeth E (M. Eppinger) 107
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: selling:
S334 Rollick (M. Jones) 103
RT126 Aunt Polly (Graffort & Co.) 103
5352 Orosius (Buckley &. Bailey) 101
5364 Berendos ( J. Green) io;»
5326 'Madam Bishop (Strlte & Co.) .102
Outburst (J. J. McAlester) 106
5340 Maresa (R. K. Dolan) no
5340 Xanon <S. Polk) 107
6358 James J. Corbett (P. W. Hedges) 113
535S Idogo (S. Rafour) 1C3
6Stt» Loyal-S (S. V. Gilbert) HO
4655 G. W. Trahern (R. Price) .103
Fourth race — Five and a hsif furlongs; all
fices; purse:"
5321 Kenilworth (W. H. Ketcheman) 115
... . Iteeves (C. A. Johnson) 112
Gehelmness (B. Schreiber) io»
Shot Gun (W. B. Jennings & Co.) 112
5327 Sad Sam (H. Green) 112
5303 John A. Scott (M. Jones) ne
Fifth race — Futurity course; two-year-olds
selling:
518« Doris (H. I* Jones & Co.) inn
5319 Eugenia B (B. Schreiber) lOfl
KJCl Durbar (J. Curl) 10*5
5331 'Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 101
5319 Red Cross Nune (C. M. Brown) 100
5377 Judge (M. J. Daly) ....112
MJ9 St Tusef (Kentucky 8table) 103
4500 The Mighty (T. G. Ferguson) 112
KW1 'Anlrad (Mrs. J. Coffey) gs
B356 •Ananias (J. F. Schorr) 107
6331 The Cure (W. Fisher) 103
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling:
53.1S •Gran* Sachem 13. J. Moran).. 04
IttH *Anvll (C. E. Murray) 03
394fl *N*o Friend (J. Kane) '" * 9
5341 »Iras (J. Strlte) ; " gs
K122 Lcdus (T. H. Ryan) * »g
R359 Cftnejo <G. B. Morris) • . im
5324 -Fllle dOr (Kingston Stable) !" 94
KJfio 'C. B. Campbell (S. G. Morton & Co.).102
8353 'Last Knight (Lamasney Bros.) 101
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First race— Qnatre, Bnccleuth, Bed
wald.
Second race — Caroburn, Qottlelbea,
asiss Kay Bowdiah. .
Third race— Rollick, Aunt Polly, Oro
¦ioa.
Fourth race — Kenil worth, Shotgun,
Sad Sam.
Fifth race— Judge, The Cure, Asirad.
Sixth race— Last Knig-ht, Anvil, C. B.
Campbell.
In the Cincinnati Enquirer of fCovem
ber 16 appears an article written by the
Chicago correspondent of that paper
saying that the Windy City horsemen
have just discovered that The Fiddler,
on which such a big coup was made,
was none other than Joe Lesser. Ac
cording to the story Joe Lesser started
in a race at St. Louis on September 9
and then dropped out of sight. Joe
Lesser is owned by Gil Summers, who
took True Blue EaEt, and the gelding Is
now at Ingleside track. Gil says that
on the day The Fiddler won Joe Lesser
stood in a stall at Delmar track, which
fact can be verified by Presiding Judge
Brady and other officials of the St.
Louis track. Somebody ought to find
Chandler did not particularly distin
guish himself while piloting Metlakatla.
Some allowance must be made for the
name, though.
Byron Rose swerved as the barrier
was released In the handicap, almost
unseating R. "Wilson. Some of the
stables carry plenty of bale rope.
tainly a world of money in the ring.
"Why," said the St. Louis turfman,
"they'd bet your eyes out."
D. Hall displays both good and bad
Judgment In riding races. He handled
Harbor with the same ability that a
bootblack would polish a diamond.
Earl W. made his first and last ap
pearance in the third race. The gelding
dropped dead on the back stretch.
Before the handicap II. J. Daly said
his horse was in first-class condition
and predicted the colt would win.
Johnny Daly tried to get the son of
Lissak ready for the opening handicap,
with ill success.
Forty golfers, save one, entered the
Thanksgiving day handicap yesterday
of the San Francisco Golf Club. The
competitors teed off at 9:30 in the
morning, the lowest net scores being
made by H. A. Blackman and S. L.
Abbot Jr., who tied with 80 each. In
playing pff the tie over eighteen holes,
H. A. Blackman won, taking first
prize. S. L. Abbot captured the sec
ond traphy. ¦The gross scores made
in the handicap served as the qualify
ing scores for the competition for the
Council's Cup for men. Those who
qualified were S. L. Abbot Jr., 83; J. W.
Byrne and Dr. J. R. Clark, S4; Lieu
tenant J. S. Oyster, 87; H. A. Black
man and Dr. T. G. McConkey, 88;
Henry M. Hoyt, 90. R. Gilman Brown,
Rolla V. Watt, Charles Page and
Leonard Chenery tied with 93 each and
will play off to-morrow, the winner
taking the eighth place. The players
are drawn against each other in the
first match play round as follows: S.
L. Abbot Jr., versus H. A. Blackman;
J. W. Byrne versus Dr. T. G. McCon
key; Dr. J. R. Clark versus Henry M.
Hoyt. and Lieutenant J. s. Oyster
versus the winner in the play-off of
the tie between Brown, Watt, Page and
Chenery. The gross and handicap
scores are shown in the table:
SAX FRAXCISCO GOLF CLUB— THANKS-
Blackmail and Abbot Cap
ture the Trophies in
the Handicap!
! OAKXiAZTD BACETBACX — THURSDAY, Nov. 26. — Weather fine. Track heavy.
I T.'AHU. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; purse; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index '' Horse and Owner. IWtjSU **. yT. $» . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT
TXxT Lacy Crawford (Schreiber) jlOtf 6 3 2 2 1^1 Vi 1 2% I 5 D. Hal77.7! V~ 6
B33S Arcade <W B. Jennings) tlO6 7 41 3,, 1H2 h 2 14 2 6 J. Martin"?. 1 9-10
,V«0 iPasi Master (C. P. Fink).... 106 1 6 «i 5 iu.4 3 3 3^3 j& , Adktns .«... 6 16
(KQttjBUsflfBl <E- B. Smith) J109 5 2h In 3 2 4 1>i4 3 Chandler ..2 3
4>*2 iH»llas (J. Creely) ...» 109 21n4nS 725n I. Powell.^. 10 100
MIS |lnd:r.a (Stockton Stable) 103 4 8 1%C 2 5 3 0 3 0 4 Hilderbrnd 25 ICO
KJ4S lAlfc- Calllhan <R Snider) 109 S 8 7 lVi6 2«*S 7 3 L. Jackson. 20 ICO
4»£1 :<;orcalftte tJ. P. Fitzgerald) . 10» 3 7 2^8 7 1 5 n S |Knapp 6 15
Xirn*^-:25. :D2^., 1:18>4. 1:32»4. At post 14 minutes. Oft at 2:15. Crawford, place,
8-3; show. 3-3. Arcade, place, 2-5; show. 1.5. Master, show, S-5.. "Winner, b. g. by
Saln-Apozea. Trained by \V. Whalen. Scratched — Molto. Start good. Won easily.
Second facing up after a drive. Third driving. The track for twenty feet from Inside
rail was very heavy and holding; -from there out in fair condition. Winner was best
and well ridden. Arcade may improve with more raciny. Blissful will do better on a
fa*t track. Others outclassed. • • .
o.'lOT. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 2-year-olda; .value to first, $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWt St. U~. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. CU
<.V5fil) Sol Smith (J. M. Cooper) 105 1 ... 1 n 1 2%1 3 16 Hilderbrnd 4-5 9-10
S35«i ,F. E. Shaw (W. B. Sink Jr.). 9S 5 ... 5 n 4 1%3 n 2 % Reed «• 5
•V.49 lEfferveerer.ee (Mr*. Coffer) .. 95 <i ,.. 3 ' 5 2 n 2 n 3 n W. Daly... 12 .15
5349 ! The Bugaboo (Epplnfrer) 100 3 ... 4 1^6 9 7 10 4 2 Foley 10 15
.VJ49 (Harbor (H; E. Rowell) 106 2 ... 2 «4 0 2 6 4 .5 n D. Hall ... 8 5
6349 Flora Belle (Miller & Co.).. 95 8 ... 73 7 8 6%«4 J. Booker.. 20 20
6331 !Met!akatla (J. D. Mlllln) 103 4 ... 6 6 3 % 4 h 7 10 Chandler .. 4 6
|EUe<Q Lanka) 1C7I 9 ... 9 Si 9 8 IV, Blrkenruth 20 30
JVaughan <Mrg. Hertzell) ;iO2| 7 ..: 8^9 8n.» L. Lewis... 50 60
Tirr.e — 2S& :52. 1:11ft. At post *i minute. Off at 2:39Vi- Smith, place, 2-5; show. 1-5.
Shaw, place. 3-2; show. 1-2. Effervescence, show, 2. Winner, b. c. by Russell-Lady
Goldsmith. TralnM by J. M. Cooper. Scratched — Hoceo. St. Yusef. Start good. Won
in a big gallop. Next three driving hard. Sol Smith is a shifty piece of bric-a-brac In,
the mud. F. E. Shaw showed Improvement. The Bugaboo did better. Hall picked all
the bad going he could find with Harbor. Metlakatla also had a rough trip.
53<tS. THIRD RACE — Fix furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWttSt. V*. H- %- Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. CL
4Wi 'Jockey Club. 3 (W. Fisher). . . llOol 3 ... 1%1 3^il 3 1 n |W. Waldo.. 5 3
4^0.' Halnutt. 4 (Thomas & R.)...|105j 2 ... 3*«22 22 24 Haack 3 .3
(.VUOVAltK-marle 3 iMoshier Co.) HO2 « ... 4 1^3 2 8 2>43 8 |L. Spencer. 2 3-2
i.*.2T! ¦) Thiste. a (McCoy Bernett) im 4 ... 5 4 5 2 4 n 4 \ J. Lewis... 30 50
45»S IVelma Clark. 5 (McAlester). .|l04] 7 ... 6 4 6 4 5 h 6 12 (L Powell... 10 15
.'L. Wagner. 4 iMcAUister Co.)|li:< 5 ... 2Va45 4 »»8 6 15 iAdkina 6 6
5.V.0 ?t Wilda. 4 iRasin City) 104 8 ... 7 7 7 7 ;Chandler .. 50 J00
JEarl W. 4 iff. E. Henry) j P9[ 1 * 'Kunz 30 100
Time — :2j, :50. 1:17U- At post 2*4 minutes. Off at 3:CfAi. Jockey Club, place. 6-5: show,
3-10. Hainault, place. 1; show. 1-2. Albemarle, show, 1-4. Winner, b. c. by Brutus
?eraj-hln. Trained by W. Fisher. Scratched— Escalante, Egg Nojrg, Blue Miracle. Start
good. Won in a hard drive of two. Third rasily. Jockey Club swerved noticeably the
last sixteenth. Hainault probably best. Albemarle did his best. Thisbe can win in
cheaper company. Velma Clark away poorly. Louis Wagner will pick up brackets soon.
•F*-I1. . • '
.-».t«it>. FQl'RTH RACE-m mile?; Thanksgiving hndcp; 3-year-olds up; val. to first. j-JS-JO.
Index! Horse and Owner. (WtiSt. 14. H- $«- Etr. Fin. I Jockey. . j Op.. Cl.
5300 Claude. 3 (M. J. Daly) jlic' 8 1 -\ 1 1U1 1%1 n 1 3U]J. Daly..,. C 8
6.TS7 iFossll. 3 <Parker & Thw.) 104J 7 « 2 « 3 5 4 5 3 2 n jBirkenruth 8 " 12
«.V!13) Grai!. 4 (C Toung) j 97, 5 4n 3 1%2 1 2 11,3 6 Chandler .. . 8< 8
(5.{5:l):Lord Melbourne, o (Bender).. i MM 4 5 % 5 n 3 a 4 3 % 4 SuYjliphant ".. 10 10
r..",45 Horatiu*. 3 (J. J. McAles°ter).;iO4i 9 1<> 10 10 9 4 5 1^11. Powell... 10 12
<r>lT7> IMvIr.a. 4 <E1 Primero Stable). :10*i 2 81 Hn61 «2«n!L. Jackson. 7 10
< 41 S'i>. Proper. 3 (Jennings Co.) ,11313 t» 2 7h 9 3 8 2 7 2 !J. Martin.. 2 3
(S3S9)|Beo MaoDhui. 5 (P. Ryan).. .1115 6 3h 4 h Til" S2HJAdklns .... 4 3
5333 iByron Rose, ti (R. Wilson) il02,10 7 1^9 2 6n 7 3 9 3 |R. Wilson.. S 10
5339 iAlbula. 3 (Lomasney Bros.). . ll-i, 1 2 n 2 n 4 »i 4 1 10 ID. Hall 6 8
Time — :25S. :51l». 1:17 1 4. 1:44^, liBS. At post Hi minutes. Off at 3:."aV4- Claude, place.
3: show, 8-5. Fossil, place, 4; show, 2. Grail, show. 3-2. . Winner, b. c. by Lisszk-LUla
EL Trained by M. J. Dal3\ Scratched — Lacy Crawford. Arabo. Start perfect. Won quite
handily. Next four driving hard. Claude had all the racing lurk, was the class, and re
ceived perfect handling. FcsfiI well ridden. Not mud enough for Lord Melbourne. He
ran a nice race at that. Dlvina could not untrack herself In the going. Adkins picked
cut the <lef»r> going for MacDhui. Proper badly bumped and nearly thrown opposite the
et&r.d. Byron Rcse off badly.
r;rt7O. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling; 3-rcar-otds and up; value to first. $.125.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. H. %T %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. i Op^ CL
.'2^0 E. M. Brattain. 4 (J. MiIHn).:i07! 2 ... In lh In lh IClianuler ..I 6-5 11-10
r.347 ;Colonel Van. 5 (Fountain) 1102' 5 ... 4 4 4 7 3 l";-2 24'Hildebrnd .| 5 7-2
.VvJO Bay Wonder, 3 (Newman) j 10i*j 4 ... 3 2H2 n 2 ', 3 4 iFcrrell ...I C-5 2
4125 ,The Foe, 3 (W. B. Sink Jr.)..jlC'.| 1 ... 2 % 3 3U4 8 4 12 jReea ! S 7
5014 ,00*18. of Night. 5 (H.F.Parks);lO2: 3 ... « 64 53 51 'h. Smith.. 15 10<t
4<>X) tBlg Mafsie. 4 tP. M. Hanlon)'l07; 6 ... 5 h 6 i; «: JHaack I JO 1UU
Time — 124%. :51. l:O4>i. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:05V4- Brattain. place. 2-5. show. out.
Colon>-1 Van. place. 1; show. 1-2. Wonder, show. out. Wlnn-r. xr. b. by Captlve-Leora.
Trained by J. D. Mlllln. Scratched— San Nicholas. Start poor. Won in a drive of
three. Winner nicely ridden. Colonel Van ran his race. With * Intelligent handling
Bay Wonder cculd have won. Ferrell had the colt In all the bad going. The Fog cut
off on ctretch turn.
."{71 . SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; sell.; 4-year-olds and up; val. to first. S-t25.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. »4 . H. % • Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op. CL
(5.TIS) Man cf Honor. 6 (Baird) ;107| 4 2 % 2 h J '4 1 h 1 '^ I.T. Martin.. 5 4
6340 .Plan, a (W. Fisher) |105| 55 5 B «i 2 n 2 S |W. Waldo.. 5-2 5-2
M23 !IIlGK-aho. 4 (H. Stover) jllOi o 3 14 4 1«,4 4 4 143 % |See S-5 11-5
<5354)iPrinre Blazes, a <E. Herz). . . |107| 1 4 3 3\] 2 H 3 Iii4 S ID. Hall 4 4
«.V{51> H. Thatcher. 6 (Hastings) J102! 2 1 2%V% 5 5 5 IJ. Booker.. 6 S
B354 lAugle. 4 (Cappa 6c Co.) |102i 3 Fell. , |J. Lewis... 5O W»
Timf—:^>\t, :52'i, l:U»-*«, l:47ii, l:Xi%. At post. •% of a minute. Off at 4:3"4Vi. Man of
Honor, place. 3-2; show. 3-5. Plan, place. 9-10; show, 2-5. Illnwaho, show, 2-5. Win
ner, b. e by Siddartha-Myrtilla. Trained by W. M. Baird. Start good. Won In a
hard drive of two. Third driving for third place. Plan would have won had he not
been carried out through the stretch and bumped by winner. See, who rode Illowaho,
should get a blind and go duck shooting. That seems to be his game. Prince Blazes
melted away. Harry Thatcher likes, a sloppy track-
The Thistle Association Football team
defeated the Albion Rovers 2 goals to 0
yesterday morning in a "well-fought
match on the Presidio Athletic grounds.
The Thistles did not have their
strongest team and their combination
work was hardly so good as usual. In
spite of some determined rushes by the
Albion Rovers' forward, the Thistles
had the ball near their opponents' goal
during most of the first half, T. Disher
putting it between .the posts once. On
a. second occasion the ball slipped from
Goalkeeper John's hands and rolled Just
across the line into the goal, but the
referee did not allow the score. GI11
chrest and Churchill, on the left wing,
and Bradley on the right did good work
for the Rovers.
in the second half T. Lydon scored
another goal for the Thistles from an
oblique kick. The Rovers, though they
.played more vigorously than in the first
half and tried their best to score, were
not able to put the ball between the
posts. C. W. Irish was referee. The
ground was in good condition. A few
spectators, among them Supervisor
James . P. Booth and F. P. Deerijig,
president of the Bohemian' Club,
watched the game. The two elevens
lined up as follows:
Albion Rovers. Positions. Thistles.
John Goalkeeper Lowe
Lanca«t«r l*tt back Tlern?y
Bayne . . Right back Fcrrest
Moore Left: halfback. .... .Rintoul
MattheFon Center halfback.... Duncan
A. E. Orton: Rlxht halfback. .. McGregor
Churchill Outside lelt......T. Dleher
<"Siltchrest ¦> . . Insl<J« left P. Lydon
E. Orton Center forward... T. Lydon
Duquesne Infide rlzht .J. Smith
Bradley Outside riEht. . . .R. Dlsher
For the winners the DIsher brothers
and the Lydon brothers in the forward
line did excellent work, and the full
backs cleared well when the occasion
demanded.
MANY GOLFERS
ON CITY LINKS
•iosers Play a Plucky
•Game, but Fail to
Score a Goal.
Neglected in the betting except by
those who remembered that he was a
four-time Derby winner, Claude, ridden
by Johnny Daly and. 10 to 1 in the ring,
captured the rich Thanksgiving handi
cap at Oakland track yesterday, and
the l A ng-range shooters were made
riotou5ly happy. .
The crowd was a record-breaking one
for the track across the bay. the holi
day throng representing a gathering of
fully SOCK) people. Handsomely gowned
ivn-nen and their escorts talked horse
with a wise air on the clubhouse ve
randas and green, while in the grand-
Eter.d. with its bewildering mass of
color and pretty faces, the opposite sex
outnumbered the male population
rearly two to one.
The weather was warm and balmy,
seemingly made for racing purposes,
but the track was a puzzling one for
students of form. It was muddy near
the rail and in nearly every instance
the rider who picked his course about
fifteen feet out from the rail was re
turned the winner.
Only the sturdy and the strong took ,
a chance of penetrating into the Inner
most recesses of the ring. In it there
was presented a seemingly betting mad
mass of speculators, and twenty-one
bookmakers were scarcely adequate to ;
T.cndio the money.
BOOKIES WIN AND LOSE.
A few of the layers did not add to
their worldly possessions, but the major
portion did. for Sol Smith and E. M.
Rrattain were the only favorites to
«core.
The gross valuation of the handicap
was ?319«. of which sum the winner re
ceived $2:20. The distance was one and
en eiphth miles and ten owners accept
ed the weitrhts. the buple sum
moned the starters to the post Ben
MacDhut. carrying- 115 pounds and rid
den by Adkins. ruled equal favorite with
Proper, the Jennings three-year-old,
assigned 113 pounds, and having Jack
Martin in the saddle. Claude, carrying
top weight. 116 pounds, could be called
£n added starter, for, because of some
oversight, his name did not appear on
the programme. Mike Daly's good colt
"was at v one time 10 to 1. closing at 6
and S. There was little delay at the
post. Dick Dwyer releasing the barrier
to a perfect start. Like a skipper of the
treacherous Arctic waters. Johnny Daly
on Claude had his course mapped out
beforehand. He quickly shot his mount
to the front and that practically tells
the story. Claude gradually Increased
his lead until at the end he won handily
by three and a half lengths.
Grail was the only other starter that
at any time locked troublesome, but
Caesar Young's mare grew leg weary
the last eighth, losing the place to Fos
f:1, on which Birk<=-nruih rode a well
judged race.
Proper got in a jam soon after the
start, stumbling and almost throwing
Martin from the saddle. This ruined
the colt's chances-. Adkins on Ben Mac-
Dhui picked out the rail position, where
the err.ns was worst, and might Just
&s well have not started.
LACY CRAWFORD SCORES.
Lacy Crawford, from the Schreiber
stable, was the opening seven-furlong
selling number at odGs of 6 to Y He
was ably ridden by Hall and beat the 9
to 10 favorite. Arcade, five open lengths.
Past Master downed Blissful for the
show.
There is no doubt about Sol Smith
being some pumpkins over a heavy
track. He rarzle-dazzled a fair field on
Wednesday and repeated the trick in
the 2-year-old event yesterday. Nine
to 10 was the last quotation, and he fin
ished five lengths ahead of F. E. Shaw
at the wire. Effervescence beat the
wretchedly handled Harbor for show
honors.
Albemarle 5s no 2 to 2 horse and that
is a cenair.ty. Xot that L. Spencer did
not do the best he could with him in
the third sprint, but it Is difficult to
shake traits early acquired late in life.
Jockey Club, played from 6 down to
3, piloted by "Wfl'Sam Waldo. led all the
way and 1n a staggering finish got the
verdict from Hainault. Show honors
were easy for Albomarle.
Caesar Young's "bush" bully E. M.
Brattain looked like cold turkey to
take the five-furlrmg dash, but he
didn't do it without an effort. Colonel
Van closed strongly the last eighth, and
the gray horse only landed by a head.
Although conceding weight. Bay Won
der, if Ferrell had picked better going,
could have wor..
Illowah'o. the post favorite, finished
third in the cloying mile and a six
teenth event. Plan received stanch
support,, but in a long hard drive was
downed bv Man of Honor, with Jack
Martin in the saddle.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Augie, a starter In the last race, rid
den by Jeddie Lewis, was bumped and
thrown opposite the stand. The gelding
rolled over the little sprout, but he es
caped •without a scratch. ¦-* -~*
Barney Schreiber said there was cer-
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Thistles Defeat the Albion
Rovers on Presidio
Grounds.
Record Breaking Crowd Witnesses Some Fine Sport at Oakland track—Favor
ires Take Two Events — Avalanche of Money in the Betting Ring — Jed
Lewis Has'a Fall— Jockey Club Is First— E. M. Brattain Beats Col. Van
DERBY WINNER IS A 10 TO 1 SHOT
AND LEADS FROM START TO FINISH
FOOTBALL
ELEVEN IN
KEEN GAME
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
CLAUDE WINS THANKSGIVING HANDICAP
Field Day Held at Ingleside Race Track Under the Auspices of Gaelic Athletic
Association Attracts a Large Number of Spectators, Who Enjoy Track Events
and Fast Football Game— Defeat of Abadie, the Crack Sprinter, a Surprise
AMATEURS TRY TO LOWER RECORDS,
BUT FAIL OWING TO A SOFT COURSE
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IgS c^S P3 liHjJ Eu3 l!3 JwS«
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERESCENES ON THE OGDEN-LUCIN CUT-OFF, AND RAfLROAD OFFI
CIALS WHO TOOK PART IN THE FORMAL COMPLETION OF THE
LINE TRAVERSING GREAT SALT LAKE.
GIBRALTAR. Nov. 26.— ThV Columbia II.. a
tailing vessel nineteen feet "long, and six feet
beanv. In which , Captain Ludwis Bisenbraun
left Boston on August 11. alone, for Mar-
S 6111 .?- j,"?!!** . from Gibraltar thi» afternoon
tor Its destination.
j HALLECK, Nev., Nov. 26.— The spe
cial -train, bearing '¦ President Har
riman . and , . party ; of railroad offl- 1
dais who to-day, formally opened
Railroad Party* Inspects Line Be
';¦-' tween- Ogden and Reno.
HARRIMAN IN NEVADA.
How many people gave thanks for that
elegant dinner cooked yesterday on a
gas range from S.- F. Gas 'and Electric
Co., 415 Post st. • . »
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 25 —
The military force in this district has
been Increased this week to 500 men
¦ and close guard Is maintained At all the
: large mines that are being operated
/with non-union men. Nine of the men
Svixo had been confined at Camp Gold
field since Sunday have been released,
but several new arrests have been made
end there are still ten prisoners in the
-"bull-pen," Including C. C. KennlsonJ
Sherman Tarker and W. F. Davis, the
members of the union strike committee.
The excitement occasioned by the ex
plosion at the Vindicator mine has sub
elded to a large degree. Union men
'generally declare their willingness to
eld in sifting the crime to the bottom.
; : Sheriff . Robertson .denies the ctate-
DETECTTVE IN THE PLOT.
Supposed "Pal" of Train Wreckers
a Railroad Ag-ent
traftlc over the 103-mile line of railroad
across Great Salt Lake, known as the
Lucin cut-off, passed through Nevada
during the day. The party, from an
observation car at the rear, noted the
extensive I improvements between og
den and Reno. These . improvements,
aside from the construction of the cut
off across the lake, consist of a reduc-l
tion of grades and curves and the
shortening' of mileage.
The special train, which consists of
three sections, will reach Reno to-mor
row, morning. Then the party will be
divided, Harrlman ' and : other officials
of the Southern Pacific going to San
Francisco, while most of^the Eastern
members, } Including President Burt,,
General Manager Gardner, Vice Presi
dent Hanrahan," General Manager
Hodge, General Passenger Agent Fran
cis and a large number of others, will
return to Omaha and Chicago.
•ELKO, Nev.,; Nov. 26.— President
Harriman's special train stopped at
Elko for the night, the members of the
party wishing to continue* their trip
by daylight in brder to better inspect
the reconstruction work now in course
of completion. The special will leave
for Reno at 8 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing. A Thanksgiving dinner was serv
ed to the party on the dining car which
has accompanied the train from Oma
ha. The entire trip ¦ thus far has been
made without mishap. The return trip
;will begin from Reno on' Friday night.
The full facts' regarding the at
tempted wrecking of the .suburban
Florence and Cripple Creek train on
November 17 were disclosed to-day. It
appears that a detective in the employ
of the railroad was one of
three men who removed the spikes and
fish-plates from a rail. The other two
men. It is alleged/were Charles McKin
ney and Thomas Foster,' who are under
arrest. It is said that McKinney, when
confronted by the detective, confessed
his share in the plot under promise of
lenlency. Two agents of the railroad
were in hiding within twenty-five feet
of where the crime was being at
tempted. . These men were heavily
armed but did pot , shoot, as to have
dqne so would have endangered the de
tective's life. Foster's friends . claim
that he will be able to establish an alibi
for himself. "-.-¦•
ment attributed to Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell, to the effect that he
had refused to take the prisoners now
in^custody and held by the militia.
"I have at all times been ready to re
ceive them." Bald the Sheriff, "and I
am able and willing to guarantee to
hold and protect them."
SOUTHAMPTON, Nov. 26. — It is rumored
here that mails from thn United State* will
ihortly b« landed at Plymouth Jnstead of
Southampton In order to «xp«dlte their de
livery In London and to complete the Queen»
town service.
Declines to Withdraw Resignation.
DUBLIN, Nov. 26.— William O'Brien,
in a letter to John Redmond, the Irish
leader, while acknowledging the sin
cerity of the recent resolutions of the
Irish . Parliamentary party and the di
rectory of the United Irish League, de
clines, to withdraw his resignation as
a member of Parliament for Cork City
or to resume his connection with Irish
politics.
Ordinary soft coal has advanced in
P^riee to $10 a ton in this city. The Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company is still
supplying its regular customers with
Canyon City coal at $5 50 a ton, but the
retail price for the coal which other
dealers are procuring in the East is
fixed at $10.
DENVER, Nov. 26.— Although Gen
eral Sherman M. Bell declared yester
day that he had Information of a plot
to blow up the State House and assas
sinate Governor Peabody and himself
Governor Peabody said that he had not
heard of any threats or plot of that
nature.
y "I am In receipt of anonymous letters
by almost every mail," said the Gov
| ernor, "but have found none of a
¦threatening nature for 6ome time. The
majority of them tell me that I have
mistaken my calling and ought to va
cate the Governor's chair. That is my
Intention, when my term of office ends."
t General Bell would not reveal the
"source of his Information.
PEABODY IS NOT ALARMED.
Colorado's Governor Knows Nothing
of Threats Against His Life.
Important Auction of Paintings To-
Day
At 16 Post street.. morning and evening,
E. Curtis conducts the sale.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 26.— Captain Ly
nan of the Government dredge Chi
nook received a telegram last evening
from the quartermaster general re
questing him to accept the command
of the transport Thomas, which is on
the regular Government line between
.San Francisco and Manila. He wired
his acceptance at once and will leave
for his new command as soon as he is
relieved. . His successor on the Chi
nook will probably be Captain Dunbar,
the present first officer of the vessel,
whom Captain Lynan has recommend
ed for the position. .;
Leaves Dredge for. Transport.
Hood started his railroad career, as a
rod man -for the Central Pacific r in 186/,
helping to complete the last span In the
bridge of steel across the .V continent:.
To-day , as he sat j amid ; this \ group of
experts of the rail and heardtheircom-
Railroad men representing more than
$1,000,000,000 in capital. and more- than
50,000 miles .of road, besides vothefj in
vited guests, took the trip of; inspection
to-day over one of the most remarkable
pieces of roadbed, presenting" some of
the greatest of engineering; problems,
known in^the world. Their, impressions
may be gauged from an incident ¦ that
took place in the observation' car,' where
they were grouped as the train' passed
over a section of completed •^tres'tle
miles out in the lake. President Hor
ace C. Burt of the Union Pacific,' one
of the leading railroad construction ex
perts in the country,- began his
hands as the level, finely; built stretch
of track, roadbed and trestle/was being
reeled off in the rear of the train. Prac
tically every railroad man in \ the car
Joined In . the , hearty applause, while
Julius Kruttschnitt, assistant -• to the
president, arid 1 William Hood,- chief en
gineer of the Southern Pacific," smiled
their appreciation of the compliment. \ '
ENGINEER HOOD'S . TRIUMPH.
Harriman had just entered the ob
servation car at the rear ofvhis train
when the strains of "Yankee. Doodle"
were heard. He began to 'keep time
with his hands, and then 'the. lively
air," together with his ' o'wnv buoyant
feelings, proved too much | to \ resist. In
the center of the group of
railroad men who had come, to. Inspect
the work, he began to shuffle, his feet
and then to kick out in the movements
of the Highland fling, wlthJ all the
abandon of a "kiltie" who .hears the
shrill note of the bagpipe. . When the
band stopped playing, he gravely sat
down. - • • ; "¦:
Men who have known E. H.Harri
man for years Bay they never heard of
his relaxing his dignity bo (much be
fore, even In seclusion. :^ • A— ,-, -
DOES A HIGHLAND 'FLING.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 26.— Mr. Harri
man danced! 'With a mere suggestion
of a smile on his usually , immobile
face, he did a Highland fling while the
band played "Yankee Doodle.".; '
This was a feature of the. formal
opening day of the Ogden-Lucin cut
off—the crowning achievement' of im
provements aggregating in cost $134,
000,000 on the lines under, hlsT control.
The man who raised the money to ac
quire this vast system and , then to
carry out these stupendous Improve
ments, the "captain of Industry," the
"king of finance," usually -ceilm and
impassive, for a moment .relaxed his
dignity and thus gave vent- to" his feel
ings. .;, V /
This little episode was not,: witnessed
by the crowd. It took place ;at Mid
lake. There the only ceremohies of
the occasion— if such they \ could be
called— were . held. All . who \ had
come on the three trains,' got ¦ out
and looked around, and then they stood
in a big group to have; thejr.-.photo
graphs taken. A band struck- up a se
ries of patriotic airs. • :>..•' -
Harrlman announced that regular
trains would be running over the cut
off by January 1. He will arrive with
his party In San Francisco to-morrow.
Accompanying Harriman are the
heads of practically, all the lines form-
Ing the great transcontinental system
known as • the Harriman lines. The
party included H. G. Burt, president of
the Union Pacific; Vice President
Kruttschnltt of the Southern Pacific;
President A. J. Earling of the Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul; President
David WUcox of the '. Delaware and
Hudson; Vice President J. N. Falthorn
of the Chicago and Alton; Vice Presi
dent J. T. Harahan and General Man
ager J. F. Wallace of the Illinois Cen
tral; General Traffic Manager Stubbs
of the Harrlman lines; General Man
ager Gardner and Vice President Mc-
Cullough of the Chicago and "North
western ; Chief Engineers Hood of the
Southern Pacific, Berry of the Union
Pacific and Carter ofthe Chicago and
Northwestern; General Manager Ray
mond; Dupuy of the St. -Joseph and
Grand Island; General Manager G. W.
Holdredge '- of the Burlington; Vice
President H. E. Huntlngtor. of the
Southern. Pacific; President A. L. Moh-;
ler of the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion .Company; Assistant Traffic Man
ager' B. of "the Harrlman
lines; Vice. President and General;Man
ager ;W. H. Bancroft ¦ of the Oregon
Short Line,- and representatives 'of the
passenger and freight departments of.
nearly all the lines interested.
RECALLS HISTORIC INCIDENT.
The last spike, marking:the,comple
tion of the.'cut-off, was driven several
days ' ago at. a point on the. fill * nearly,
opposite the place ':: where £ thirty- four
years ago was driven the; golden spike
which closed: the gap between the Jines
of the .Union and Central Pacific rail
roads 'on j Promontory; Point. - r Many -old
residents of Utah ; cities .who witnessed
that : ceremony accompanied the U rail
road officials to-day; In : the formal \ trip
of inspection over the new track; which"
ultimately ,? is i to .throw; but. of use 147 ,
miles o$ the most difficult; and "expen- ',
TRAINS . SOON WIMj CROSS.
The men who inspected the work to
day were chary about expressing them
selves for publication, but these opin
ions were gleaned from them:
That the cut-off is one of the most
remarkable pieces of engineering ever
undertaken.
That eventually it will be a success,,
although much remains to be done.
That the sagging of the track in
places and other things indicate that
the roadbed Is not yet ready for regu
lar travel, but that persistence in the
present course of dumping in 40,000 tons
of rock a day must in time be effective.
¦¦ Although the official figures as to the
cost are $4,000,000, it was learned that
$5,000,000 already had been spent on the
cut-off and that the engineers figure
a .total of $10,000,000 and perhaps $14,
000,000.
pllmentary comments on the engineer-
Ing work they were watching was the
crowning day of his life. Hood, it has
long been understood, has looked upon
the Ogden-Lucin cut-off as the monu
ment he is erecting to himself as an
engineer. i .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Harriman Dances a Highland Fling in His
Exuberance Over Completion of Vast Project
for Improving His System of Railways.
"The publication-, of the incident of
a photograph in which my daughter
and Vlasto appear in costume together
grew out of a costume party held here
In my apartments at which fifty or
sixty persons were present. All of them
were photographed; first in cne group,
then in smaller groups and in the pres
ence of all of us.
"I intend to force this action to a
conclusion as rapidly as possible and
the testimony shall bt taken in open
court. I shall force them to show their
hands."
"Vlasto was a friend of Dr. Culver,
my son-in-law, for several years. It
was through Dr. Culver that I
first met him and he made oc
casional visits here, where he became
acquainted with my family. We al
ways considered him an educated and
highly respectable man and an agree
able companion. He has been th2 guest
of T)r. Culver on two excursions, one
to the West, one to Europe. He is an
elderly man, old enough to be grand
father to my daughter," and ?Me never
regarded him in any other light than
as a courteous friend. Any allusion as
to other relations than that are un
reasonable and actuated by motives of
malice. Vlasto has been accustomed to
go to Europe every year and that he
met my daughter in Paris, that he was
a guest at a tea party or dinner party
is a matter that could hot give rise to
any comment, as It was perfectly
natural.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— In a state
ment made to-night Senator Clark of
Montana-denounced the suit Instituted
against his daughter, Mrs. Culver, by
Mrs. Vlasto as an "infamous proceed
ing." Sirs. Vlastp is suing for dam
ages of $500,000, charging the alienation
of the affections of her husband.
"A separation took place between Mr.
and Mrs. Vlasto eight or ten years ago,
before my family became acquainted
with Vlasto," said the Senator, "and I
denounce the action as an Infamous
proceeding 1 .
Special Dispatch to The Call,
I As a result of vigorous agitation
started^y Colonel Holmes, president of
the Commercial Club, and Governor
¦Wells, the price of coal, recently ad
vanced 75 cents a ton, was to-day re
duced 30 cer.ts a ton. It was claimed
that the advance was entirely unwar
ranted and a legislative Investigation
-was to have been asked for.
A special from Helper. Utah, says
that John Kelllher. organizer of the
United Mine Workers, has gone to Salt
Lake to protest to Governor Wells
'against the presence of State troops in
the strike-affected coal districts of Car
bon County. It is also said that he will
employ counsel to defend Organizer
Charles Demolli, who was sentenced to
thirty days in Jail yesterday for dis
orderly conduct, without, it is alleged,
being- g1\-en any chance to defend him
self. The Jail at Price, where Demolli
is confined. Is heavily guarded to pre
vent possible attempts at rescue.
One of the sentries at the mines near
Scofield was fired upon early this morn
ing from a house from which a red flag
had been displayed until taken down by
the militia. The would-be murderer
¦was rot caught.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Nov. 26 -A see
gal to the Deseret News from ScXld
lof'T* that an attem Pt was made
to-day ty a number of striking Italian
and Finnish coal miners to roll f boxca?
down the nfflroad tracks leading
through a deep canyon, through which
a party of railroad and mine officials
¦were coming. The attempt was pre
vented by the military and a number o*
arrests were made.
Try to Bun Down Railroad Officials
With a Boxcar.
MINERS ATTEMFi MURDER.
OGDEN, Utah, Nov. 26.— The Ogden-
Lucin cut-off is 102 miles in length, 72
miles on land and 30 miles on trestle
work and fill-ins over the waters of
Great. Salt Lake. It presents a practi
cally level track, except for a short dis
tance on the west end near Lucln, Nev.,
where a slight grade is encountered.
The use of the cut-off will throw out
of transcontinental traffic the old line
from Ogden to Lucln, Nev., around the
north end of Great Salt Lake. This
stretch of track, 147 miles in length, is
one of the most difficult and expensive
of the Harrlman system. Its maxi
mum, grade, over the long Promontory
Hill, is 104 feet to the mile, and helper
engines are necessary. The elimina
tion of this* trackage from overland
traffic will thus mean not only a saving
of more than $1500 a day in the actual
operating expenses, but also a saving of
two hours in running time.
The original scheme for the cut-off
was a pet plan of the late Collls P.
Huntlngton, and under his directions
Chief Engineer Hood prepared the
plans for the great engineering feat.
The plans were perfected after Hunt
ington's death and the surveys were
approved by E. H.- Harriman when he
obtained control of the ' line. Actual
work on the cut-off was commenced in
March, 1902, and thus the immense task
has been completed in about twenty
months. The last pile was driven dur
ing the last week of October; the track
was completely connected and the floor
ing and railing of the long trestle com
pleted to-day, but work on the fill-Ins
at either end of the trestle will continue
for some time, and it piobably will be
several months before the cut-off is In
corporated in the overland system for
all traffic.
The great work has cost the South
ern Pacific Companay more than $4,200,
000. The cut-off runs from Ogden west
for fifteen miles over level country be
fore reaching the lake shore, then
crosses the east arm of the lake, a
width of nine miles to Promontory
Point, nineteen miles across the
west arm of the lake, thence across
the Great Salt Lake Desert to Lucin,
Nev. . Across the east arm of the lake
will be an almost continuous fill-In
supporting the trestle. Near the middle
of this will be a gap of six hundred feet
of open trestle work, left for the waters
of the Bear River, which flow into this
arm of the lake.
Across Promontory Point runs fire
miles of solid roadbed,. and here difficult
work was encountered, a cut of 3000 feet
in length * through the sand- and rock
of the abrupt cliff being necessary. - On
this point, one of the most picturesque
around the Inland sea, a station will be
maintained, and surveys "' have been
made for a mammoth summer resort.
Across the west arm of the lake is . a
stretch of eleven miles of trestle work,
with a fill-in approach at each. end of
four miles. ¦
In accomplishing the work, of span
ning the lake one great difficulty was
encountered across the east arm in the
"sinks" or. settling of the - fill-ins and
trestle work. This was caused by the
salt from the flow of Bear River having
collected for centuries over the bottom
of ¦ the lake' and ' formed an insecure
foundation for a depth of nearly a hun
dred feet. . It took thousands of tons of
rock and piles without number. to reach
the bottom of the lake proper, but this
was finally accomplished and the grad
ual'spreading; out 'and, packing of; the
fill has resulted in a firm roadbed. /
Ogden-Lucin Cut-Off Will Effect
Half-Million Saving Yearly.
PLANNED BY C. P. HTJNTINGTON.
Says Malice Prompted
Litigation Against
His Daughter.
sive railroading In the transcontinental
system.
SENATOR CLARK
DENOUNCES SUIT
Success of the Venture a
Triumph of Engineer
ing Genius.
Captain H. J. Haddock first heard of
all the fuss from Pilot Carr, who board
ed the. Cedric outside the bar. The
captain lost no time in setting the sig
nal, "Report all well aboard," as he
passed in at the Hook. He guessed
there might be some anxiety.
The captain said he had not even
sighted the Lamport & Holt liner,
which was said to have run him down.
He added:
"We have had a fine passage and
have not. parted a rope yarn the whole
way across."
The Cedric carried about 1400 souls.
Including the crew/ The Earl and
Countess of Yarmouth were among the
passengers. Other passengers were
Leonard Boyrie, Marie Tempest's lead
ing man; Frederick Roosevelt, cousin
of the President; Tom Terriss, play
wright; Major-H. S. Shephard and Ma
jor Charles Hall of Canada.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— On a winter
schedule and "all shipshape and Bris
tol fashion," as' nautical sharps say,
the colossal Cedric of the White Star
line (sunk In midocean by a senseless
rumor) warped into her Nor^h River
dock this evening to a tumult of cheers
from more than BOO persons. There
was a trace of the hysterical in the
greeting. The usual ropes separating
those entitled to go within the customs
lines from those who were not were
not stretched, out of regard to the
pent-up feelings of the friends and
kindred of the seagoers, and there were
scenes bordering on the lachrymose at
the foot of the gangplank when it was
run up at 5:30 o'clock.
Young women flung themselves into
their mothers* arms as if the unsink
able liner had been in some danger.
The flamboyant newspaper headlines of
two days had got In their nerve-rack
ing work and the embraces were long,
the kisses explosive and the voices
tremulant. The passengers themselves
were boiling wjth indignation at the
unknown author of the rumor. Some
Britons, who surmised that it was an
American invention, calmed down when
told that the story originated in Lon
don and was published first in a Lon
don newspaper. :•-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Relatives of Passengers
Become Hysterical
afc the Dock.
JOYOUS WELCOME
TO LINER CEORIC
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 26.— A Johns
town flood in miniature but devoid of
all its horror and loss of life swept
over the yards and streets in the An
gelina Heights district of the city at
8 o'clock this morning, tearing away
fences, sweeping wagons for blocks,
flooding cellars and covering car tracks
under several feet of mud, but injuring
no person.
Without warning the northwest wall
of the big city reservoir burst, send
ing more than 1.000,000 gallons of water
dow- a hill more than 80 feet in height
and sweeping everything in its path.
Fortunately the break occurred upon
the side of the reservoir on which there
are few buildings and the flood spent
its force in a wide gully and then
flowed like a cloudburst in a mountain
canyon through the streets in that sec
tion of the city.
The streets there are narrow and in
places the water swept from house to
house five feet deep. Innes avenue re
ceived the full force of the torrent and
for more than a block cement sidewalks
were ripped up and several wagons
which had been left standing in that
seldom used street were swept away
and lodged several blocks down the
hill. An iron grading plow was swept
more than a block.
The family of W. F. Jackson, who
live nearest the break, was saved only
by reason of the fact that the wall
burst 100 feet north of their house and
the torrent ran in an opposite direc
tion. The back flow surrounded the
house with water, the first floor being
covered to a depth of a foot or more.
In the immediate vicinity of the reser
voir the flood lasted less than ten min
utes, the water spreading to outlets
which led to down town streets.
Half a mile away streets were filled
with water from curb to curb and
scores of persons had to wade across
streets which a few moments before
had been dry and dusty. None of them
then knew the source of the flood and
the sudden rush of water caused al
most a panic in many a family. It also
caused several teams to run away.
but there were no casualties. Along
Grand avenue as far south as Jeffer
son street the water almost filled the
street, but within half an hour the
flood had entirely subsided.
The bursting of the reservoir was
caused by a defective head gate at the
city pumping station. The pumps
worked all night, those in charge of
them thinking the water was being:
forced into the Garvanza reservoir,
two miles away, but owing to a broken
water gate the flow from the pumps
was pouring, into the old reservoir, and
at the time of the break it was almost
running over. No estimate as to the
property loss has been made by the
city Water Department. The reservoir
will not be repaired, because it was
soon to have been abandoned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Warrants have been issued for th«
arrest of many foreigners who are
thrS? T ? Isturbln * th * P«ace with
threats and riotous conduct.
It was announced to-day that the
company had engaged 300 men from
another section of the State, who will
be brought in to fill the places of the
discharged miners. Violence, it is be
lieved, will follow the arrival of these
men.
Another notice issued by the com
pany announces that all miners who
join the union must consider them
selves discharged.
SCOFIELD, Utah, Nov. 26.—Rela
tions between the striking coal miners
and the military authorities were
strained here to-day and a crisis in the
situation may occur at any minute.
A '^reat deal of excitement ¦ prevails
among the strikers over the posting of
two notices by the Pleasant Valley Coal
Company. One is to the effect that
all employes who do not return for
work at the regular time to-morrow
will be discharged and that they -must
vacate the company's property at once.
Fully fifty per cent of the miners at
Winter Quarters, it Is said, own homes
built on land leased from the company
The strikers declare they will remain
in their homes and serious trouble is
expected should an effort be made to
ejf-ct them.
Fences Torn Away, Wagons Swept
for Blocks on a Turbulent Tida
and Cellars Filled With
Water.
Workmen Are Told That to Join the
Union Is Equivalent to Being
Dropped Prom th«
Payroll.
Streets in a Section Covered,
but No Person Is !
Miners Declare They Will
Fight to Retain Their
Homes.
Million Gallons of Wa
ter Loose in Los
Angeles.
Scofield Mining Com
pany Will Attempt
' Eviction.
CRISIS NEAR
IN THE UTAH
COAL FIELD
RESERVOIR
SENDS FLOOD
ON A CITY
OGDEN-LUCIN CUT-OFF IS DEDICATED BY RAILROAD OFFICIALS
WITH CEREMONY OCCURRING FAR OUT ON GREAT SALT LAKE
THE SAN rB^.NOISCOj CALL, FKIDAY. NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.. PARIS. Nov. 26. — The Parliamentary com
mittee of inquiry appointed to investigate the
Humbert affair assembled to-day.
Cnited States Coast, and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High ami Low Waters
at Fort Point, tatrasce to £an FrancUco
Eon, Moon and Tide.
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 26.— The sailing
of the Solace from Mare Island is de
layed until December 8, so that she can
take out stores and meet Admiral Ev
ans' fleet, due at Honolulu on Decem
ber 15.
Sailing of the Solace Belayed.
Bay Pirates Bob Bestaurant.'
n * jr ?•"*?* }«terfl*y broke ipto tbe E-juaiw
On acetw-t of the holiday no chang* wu re
porttd ymer<iay In the rates of reinsurance of
the now Irjr.g ':*t c* overdue ve*««I». Tfc« list
U as fcjlcws: .
Charlono*. out J44 days from Banbury. for
Crl-ed Kiarficnt. 10 per cent.
Lurlier. out 151 daye from Liverpool, fcr
Ca!:*o. IS cent.
FJfeshirt. oct ill <Uy» froa Manila for New
Caledonia. I»> j* r cent
Paris, out 201 .iaj-s frcm Hamburg for Hono
lulu. 43 pr c<rt
Talca. out i« days' from Liverpool < for
l<3«lgu». ' 15 per rest-
Llndiffame. out K7 day* frora Newcastle.
Australia, for Ar.ttfogaeta, 20 per cent.
T?"i£- «« ill dare frcm Iqulque for Eu
rope, Vf per cent.
r.i^ Bruyere. out 155 days from tee Tyn« for
r< S t 20 per cent.
Beecfc'Bue. out lift eaj-g from Guaymaa for
Ca!lao. 10 per <*m
Marechal <!e Ca«tri«.. out TS day« frcm Naga
«akl for Newca*Uc- lf« per cent
Tnaraliebaak. out 14? flays from PfclUdel
5h:« for Auckland. 10 per cert.
Hawaiian Beaches Port.
The Air.erican-Hawslian Steamship Cctn
•-*-v-» f-*i*hter Hawaiian. Captain Delano ar
;*-ed j«ter«ar froa New Tork with ft farge
'.no cf ren*ral merchar.diw. Ehe was 5.
ia« from New Tork a=d 20 <ia>« frora Coronal.
?hcr-.ly afur leaving N*w Tork ca October
• Hk- H-wai"an enrotintered a hurricane, which
• • taMd for twenty-four hour*, darins eix of
tte frelrSter was hove to. Sixty tone
r.< <-,*} washed from tbe upper d«k and
tti» r-i-".«>- hrx wat brcken airift cv tne rrt.
"*»• i'Vu'altca wa« thtrty-one hotr« pasrSng
tfcrougi iv* straits of Magellan.
<
The Overdue List.
Vaqueros and cattlemen generally
hied themselves to the Ingrleside race
track yesterday afternoon to witness
the match race between Cricket and
Pajamas, two fast ponies us^ in driv
ing cattle on week days and fcr racing
on state occasions. Cricket is the horse
that has won quarter-mile dashes "at
the annual butchers' picnics for the
last ten years.- He captured the event
last year by defeating Pajamas.
Since that race the merits of both
horses have been discussed In Butcher
town and at last a match race was ar
ranged. William Harvey, owner of
Cricksj, and Henry Danz. owner of
Pajamas, put up a side t>et 3f $250 and
their friends wagered heavily on .the
race. y"J^' . : /
John Purcell, William Fanning- and
James R.' McElroy were selected judges
and both sides prepared for th^ event.
The contest was brought off after the
Gaelic games" and was "watched by
hundreds of spectators.-"* The start was
a perfect one and the two horses, rid
den by their owners, dashed down the
stretch at' a remarkably fast clip.
Cricket led for a short distance and
then Pajamas' superior speed began to
show and he took thV lead and . main
tained it ' to the finish,' passing under
the wire a length ahead of Cricket.—
PAJAMAS BEATS CBICKET
TN RACE AT INGLESIDE
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. Destination. J Sails.! Pier.
Xorembrr 27. j \ **
Phoenix.... Mendocino City ...j l pmjPler 13
Samoa Lr» >A£geles Ports.jlO arc'Pler 2
Senator I HumboMt .-. ! 1:30 pi Pier 9
South Bay.. Humboldt i 5 pmjPier 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor | 4 pm]Pl»r iO
Qut«n Puget round Ports. 11 aialpier a
November 28. I ]
Kicaria.... Hamburg & Way. .[12 niiPier 19
Ia<jua Humboldt j 9 em i Pier 2
Ntwburg... Gray* Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
F. Leg$ett. Lo, Angeles Poru.flO »m|Pier 10
PL Arena., prfr.t Arena ...... I 4 pm Pier 2
£an Pedro.. Husiboldt 1U am Pier 2
Alam»«!a... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
C. Sydney., jj. y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
November 29.
Alliance Eureka & Coos BayjlO aaj|Pier 16
S. Rosa Bsa Dl<?go t Way. I :» smiPler 11
Bonlta Newpcn & Way...) 9 amJPler 11
Columbia... Artoria & Portland. til amiPlcr 24
\OTember 30. | |
Pomona.... Humboidt .. .... 1:30 p { - Pier i
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|Pler 13
December 1. )
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pmJPier 10
NorthFork. H-jmbcldt 3 rm Pier 20
Uarlposa. . . TahlU direct Ill aajPler 7
; December 3. j
Centennial..] Seattle & Tacorr.a-. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla I Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 3.
j? 1 "*- •::•••! Coqullle River ....I 4 pm Pier 2
H. K. Manii Chira & Japan 1 pm PI»r 40
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
December 4. | I
G. W. Elder Aftcrla i Portlandlll amfPier 2t
December 5. I I
Arixonan... New York 1 IPler 23
Newport N. T. via Panama. J12 m| Pier 40
G.Llndauer i Aetorta & Portland [ 1 pm;Pier 28
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. : I Sail*.
Cottage City.. Ekagway it Way Porta.jNov. 27
Exceltlor. Cooks Inlet A Way PtsjDec. 1
Dolphin skagway & Way Portr.jDec.' 2
Valencia Skagway A Way Port«.JDec. 4
Bertha | Cooks Inlet * Way PtsjDec. 7
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Frcm. I Due.
Bcnita Newport & Way Ports. jXov. 27
Hawaiian New York ij>u V . 27
Edith Seattle |Nov. 23
Pomona Humboldt iNov 2»
Eureka Humboldt Xov 2S
North Fork. .. Humboldt (Nov. 24
City Puebla . . I Puget Sound Ports iNov. 23
F. Lessen...- Humboldt !\'ov 2S
Ercplre i Coc» Bay & Pt. Orford-iNov! 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports x O v 29
Del Norte ! Crescent City |n O v' 29
£by<3oa ; Hamburg & Way Port*.;Novl 30
\* nturm i Sydney & Way Port*. . .jNov. 3u
Clwco I Coqollle River INov. 30
Coos Bay 1 San Pedro & Way PcrisfNov. 30
Etate cf Cal.. i San Diego & Way PortslNov. 30
Cer.tralla ! San Pedro 'Nov. 30
Corona Hutnbcldt jDec. i
S. Barbara... Seattle &. Oiympia ID-c i
O. W. Elder. . ' Portland & Astoria ID^c. 1
G. Lind&uer.. Portland & Astoria (Dec. 2
City of Para. I N. .T- via Panama iDec 2
Umatllla 1 Puget Sound Port*.... I Dec 3
Cheballs Grays Harbor JDec. 8
CMca I China and -lapan il>ec. 4
Rival jWUlapa Harbor jDec. 4
S.Monica I Grays Harbor )Dec. 5
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE — In the abeve exposition of the tide*
the tarly mornlrx tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive titles at the
day In the or2er of occurrence as to time; th»
fourth time ccluKn elves the last tide of iha
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
a££itlcn to the seundlr.^* cf the United State*
Ccsift Survey charts, except when a rainat ( — >
»!*n precedes the height, and then the number
riven le »ubtracUKi from the depth gives ty
the charts. The plsne of reference U the mean
cf th« lower low water*.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mlsiiea-street wharf) about 25 rain
utes later thfin at Fcrt Point; the height cf «(!•
:s tbe eame at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 27.
Sun rises _ 7:03
Sun stts 4:£2
Uoon frets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
V jTtee [Time I ITiise Time
» | rt. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? Ihw t [l w |h \r l w( ,
27 6:071 5.1U2:20) 2.6! 5:53i S.6'.U:tZ\ 1.4
28 6:471 5.2, 1:111 £.0, 7:OO t 3.g! f.
L W] JH Wl Jl V,- 1H Wl
2» O:34j 1.6j 7:241 5.2i 1 :W> 1.6 S:14] 4.0
£0 1:2C| 1.9 fi:o0! B.4| 2:20 l.Oi 9:12 4.2
1 2:05j 2.1 6:32 5.6| 3:121 0.3|10:CS 4.4
2 2:52 2..1! 9:C8 ! 5.S) 3 :54i— 0.2.10 :J9i 4.S
3 ! 3:35: 2.4! 9:4^1 S.Sj 4:5(J ; — «.7|ll:49i 4.8
BERLIN. Nov. 25.— Naval Ensign
Huessner. whose sentence for killing a
soldier at Essen because he did not sa
lute him properly was quashed by the
Imperial court, has been dismissed from
the service.
Naval Ensign Huessner Is Dismissed.
L.5ttle work was done yesterday along
the water front, which was used during
the afternoon as a promenade by work
free citizens, their wives and families
in search of novelty and appetite or
seeking etimulation for lazy digestive
apparatus. Stevedores, except on a few
docks where the working of cargo was
urgent, observed the day as a holiday,
and such members of the crews of tied
up vessels as remained on board spent
the holiday taking life easily. The Jap
anese steamship Hongkong Maru was
rayly'decked in bunting and the City of
Sydney contributed a similar display
on behalf of the Pacific Mail Company.
Fakers, selling everything from a sys
tem of lightning calculation to prepara
tions guaranteed to cure jcorns and
rheumatism, sharpen razors, make
prease-Ftained garments look like new.
did a thriving trade on the bulkhead be
tween Mission and Folsom streets and
Incidentally furnished entertainment
for the crowds that thronged the
¦wharves.
ti.T.e.oecypfed la putting, the war vessel
through her paces will depend upon the
weather and the Tacoina's behavior.
That the latter will be satisfactory is
expected. On her builders* trial, held
in the bay. the new cruiser made a
showing better than called for in the
contract under which she was built. She
proved speedy and her engines worked
in c harmony. The Tacoma is steel
hulled and copper-sheathed and is the
first of her class built on this coast.
The copper sheathing !s largely experi
mental and the cruiser's career will be
¦watched by neval experts with great
interest.
Captain George Harvey will take the
Tacoma to Santa Barbara and will pilot
her through her trial. The gmnboat
Petrel, -which sailed for Santa Barbara
Wednesday, win assist at the triaL
The navy officer* who have been de
tailed to take charge of the Tacoma's
trial will sail from here on the new
cruiser. The trial board is constituted
as follows: Rear Admiral W. H.
Whiting, president: Captain J. F. Mo
per, commander: A. F. Dixon. lieuten
ant commander; C. A. Can-. Lieutenant
C. M- Stone and Naval Constructor C.
A. Adasrs.
The United States navy tug Fortune
ac.d the torpedo-boat destroyer Perry
failed yesterday for Santa Barbara,
where they will be used as Etakeboate
in the coming trial of the new cruiser
Tacorna. The Tacoma will leave to
morrow or Monday and the length of
Thursday. November KJ-
Strrr Point Arena. Miller, 14 bcun from
M«a<Ioclno.
Stsrr Nero. Ellefsen. 34 hours frcxa Ven
tura.
Stmr Westpcri, Smith. IS hours from West
! pert
fctrr-r Xewtbcy, Adler. 16 hours from Albion.
' Stair Ccrcnadc. Peiereoa. 41 hours from San
f TeCro.
Star MarfhflfJd. Dettraera. 24 hours from
J Little River; Tiburon direct.
6tmr Hawaiian, Delano. C7 days from New
Tork. via Coronel 20 days.
Sttar Columbia. Dcran. HH hoars from Port
land, via Astoria 46V4 houre.
Etxnr Santa Rosa* Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego.
Ftnsr Czarina. Johnson. 46 hours from Coos
Bar.
£tntr Hus;bol<lt, Baurhsian. 72 hours from
I Seattle.
Ftmr Alliance. Hardwlek. 6 days from Port
land, via Coos Bay. via Eureka. 24 hours.
Stmr Margie, Corning, 3H hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Id* A, Beck. 5 hours from Point Reyes.
SAILED.
Thursday. November M.
f trr.r Chehalis, Frantsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Macsie. Cornlsg, Halfmccn Bay.
fctnir State «f California.' Thomas. Saa Dleyo.
Ftn-.r Jarr.«rs Dollar, Thwir.K. Seattle.
Stmr Fulton. Lee. Wwtcort.
Ftn:r I/-f:iniw. llor.roe, Tftcorn*.
Ptsrr Whiu*t>oro. Oia«a. Mendocino.
V S v.e Fortune. Ja.fr-. Santa Barbara.
V S torpedo hoet Perry. Ft-num, £anta Bar
bara.
Schr Uary C. Campbell, Bodesa.
SPOKEN.
Avg 10. 1st 5 K, len 130 W. Br bark I.artro
Bay, from Eureka, for United Kingdom. .
'telegraphic.
POINT T/DBOS. Nov 26. 10 x> m— Weather
tosry: wind NE. velocity io miles p«r hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 2ft— Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Olymcia; ftmr Sequoia, from
Grays Harbor.
POKT HARFORD— Eall*d Nov 26— Stmr Bo
nita, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Xov 26 — Schr Luzon, ,
from Redondo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 25— Stmrs
Actj« and Grace Dollar, hence Nov 22.
PORT TOWN SEND— Arrived Nov 20— Schr
Nokomie. frcra San Pedro.
Passed In Nov 26 — Schr Queen, for Port
Garr.bie. ¦ • .
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Lyra, for
Hor.(fkocy.
BALLARD — Sailed Nov 25 — Schr A M Bai
ter, for San Diego. '
TATOOSH— Passed out Nov 26— Shla Spar
tan and f.rr.r Mackinaw, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO^ — Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Alca
traz. frora Greenwood.
Sailed Nov 2C — Schr G W Watson, for Ana
cortes; schr Albert Meyer, for Port To»vn
s;n<l.
COOS BAT— Sailed Nov 24— Schr Novelty,
for San Francis-co.
Arrived Nov 2*— SUar SIsraai. hence Nov 24.
EUREKA — Arrived Ncv 2<S — Strar Eureka,
hence Nov 25; eunr Arctic hence Nov 25;
stmr Redor.do. hence Nov 2S.
CLALLAM— In bay Nov 2« — Schr Commerce,
from Earle Harbor, for Saa Pedro.
ABERDEEN— SsJ!e<3 Noy 26— Stmr Coqullls
River, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT3.
HONOLULU— Sailed Ncv 25— Bktn Irm
rard. for San Francisco: Ital war stmr Elba,
for Toknhama: Ger ship HerzGgin Sophie
Charlotte; for Sydney. Nov 2f — Stmr Sonoma,
for Sydney.
Arrived Nov 26— Stmr China, frora Yoko
hama.
MAKAWELI— -Vrrived Nov 23— IU1 ship
A^ostlno Terrtzxomo. from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr
AUckan. frcm Kaiiulni.
Cleared Nov 25 — Suar Texan, for Eaa Fran
cisco, via New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Shaw
tout, for Victoria.
SUEZ — Sailed Nov S — Fr itmr Charles Tlb
erghlea. for Manila.
. ADEN — Arrived Nov 25— O«r atmr Lugano,
frcra Norfolk, fcr Manila.
PORT SAID — Arrived Nov 25— Br stmr Ty
deus. from London, for Seattle. . '
DOVEH— Passed Nor 25— Ger bark Altair,
from Antwert'. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. ,.. i
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Cedric,
from Liverpool and Queenetown; atmr-Pretor
ian. from Hamburg, etc
Sailed Nov 26 — tftmr Laaritlan. for Glas
row: stmr La Bretagne. for Havre; stmr Gros
ser Kerfurst. for Bremen.
LIVERPOOLr-Arrived Nor 25— Stmr Wert
ernland. from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr FrW-
Ur.l for Philadelphia. Nov 25 — Etmr Arabia,
from LlveriKJoI. for N«w York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Cartha
eena, for St Johns, N F. and Philadelphia.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 24— Br «tmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver. ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
A.RRIVE1
The new Srreckels tug Dauntless was takfn
a'.OTjreiie Paciflc-etrett wharf yesterday and in
a few da; e will be ready to go into corotnlsrion.
New Dauntless Almost Beady.
restaurant, near £-?»nart-rtreet wharf, and car.
ried a«-ay a tuprJy cf provision*.
Bar. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
BRUXSBUETTELHAFEN. Prussia.
Nov. 25. — The washing ashore of bodies
and a cargo on Borkum Island (in the
North Sea at the mouth of the Ems,
twenty-six miles from Emden) con
firms the report of the wreck of the
Dutch steamer Anslia, bound from
Hamburg *cr Rotterdam.
Bodies Washed Ashore From Wreck.
lord Mayor Eitchie a Baronet.
LONDON. Nov. 26.— King Edward
has conferred a baronetcy on Lord
Mayor Ritchie, in commemoration of
his recent entertainment of King Victor
Emmanuel and Queen Helena of Italy
at the Guildhall.
UNITED STATES NAVY TUG FORTUNE. ANT) THE TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER PERRY, WHICH SAILED
YESTERDAY FOR SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL. TO PARTICIPATE AS STAKEBOATS IN THE TRIAL
OF THE NEW CRUISER TACOMA.
The strangest freak of the flood oc
curred at a cemetery, where coffins
were washed out of graves and floated
away. Those which were recovered
were reinterred haphazard. !
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 25.— The
flood which has caused so much dam
age here was the highest since 1S24.
The intense cold Is causing much dis
tress among the homeless and the
dwellers in cellars. In the factory
quarter 20,000 persons have been driv
en int<5 the street, many of them losing
their all. The authorities are doing
everything in their power to relieve the j
sufferers and there have been few fa- I
talities. A pathetic case was that of {
a parent hurrying home at the sound of i
warning guns, who found hi3 child I
drowned. The destruction of property j
was heavy, especially at Cronstadt.
The rafts and barges in the river were
smashed and the live stock, in the en
virons was drowned.
Factory Quarter.
ST. PETERSBURG- FLOOD
CAUSES GBEAT DAMAGE
Fully Twenty Thousand Persons Axe
Driven Into the Street in the
10.000 cans of W. G. M. Beans, with
Chill Sauce, sold in 10 days.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S.— The end of
the San Domingo revolution is officially
recorded in a cablegram received at the
State Department to-day from United
States Minister Powell, dated yester
day. The Minister reported that all
was quiet and th'at President Wos y
Gil and the Cabinet were to go into
exile. The Newport had withdrawn
her marines from the city of San Do
mingo. The revolutionary party guar
anteed order and safety for all per
sons.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. :«.— United
States Minister Powell. -at San Domin
go, has been Instructed by the State
Department to recognize and enter intu
relations with the Government estab
lished by General Jiminez. the revolu
tionist leader, who has Just deposed
Wos y Gil as head of the Dominican
republic. It Is understood Minister
Powell has already carried these in
structions Into effect.
SAN DOMINGO, Nov. 25.— The act
of capitulation, which was signed on
Tuesday by President Wos y Gil and
the Ministers of .the United States,
Belgium, Hayti -and Spain, calls for
the holding of elections within three
months and the installation of the new
President on February 27. A decree
Issued yesterday makes all duties pay
able In cash. Former Ministers Brache
and Febles left this afternoon for Cuba.
General W03 y Gil will, it Is expected,
leave In a few days for Curacao.
Quiet prevails here. The warships
have withdrawn their guards, with the
exception of the United States marine
guard at the British consulate, where
General Wos y Gil is a refugee.
Sr-ecia! Dif patch to The Call
"I am glad to learn that your church
building is to be dedicated on Thanks
giving day. I congratulate you on this
happy result of the persistent and self
denying labors of yourself and your
associates, and wish you all many hap
py, years of enjoyment' of . the sanc
tuary you have thus secured."
BERLIN. Nov. 26.— The Crown
Prince. Frederick William, in behalf of
Emperor William, took part to-day in
the dedication of the new American
church. The Crown Prince, .who -sat
between Embassador Tower and Mrs.
Tower, followed the service attentively,
occasionally ¦ participating in the re
sponses. The Empress telegraphed to
the pastor, the Rev. Dr. Dickie, regret
ting that ehe could not be presest on
account of her husband's indisposition,
and sent the court chamberlain, Count
von Muellnen, to represent hsr. Chan
cellor von Bulow was represented by
Privy Councillor Conrad. The services
were conducted by the Rev. ¦ Dr. Van
Slyke and Professor A. W. Brown of
New York. Dr. Dickie preached the
sermon.
President Roosevelt wrote to the pas
tor as follows:
"Better not speak of pockets." retort
ed Count Tissa, whereupon Bartha
shouted, "I am not a broken bank di
rector."
Deputy Garjary added to the disorder
by Jeeringly shouting to Count Tlsxa:
"You have been called a scoundrel."
Immediately there was a rush of
Deputies toward Garjary. causing a
scene of wild tumult and scuffling. As
a free fight was threatened, the sitting
was suspended.
On the resumption cf business Count
Tisza appealed to the patriotism of the
opposition, pointing out the dangers to
the constitution In a policy of obstruc
tion.
Later when the President of the
House again mentioned the motion In
favor of two sessions, the disturbance
broke oUt again and the House ulti
mately adjourned amIJ scenes of the
greatest excitement.
Count Albert Apponyl (leader of the
national section of the lower house of
the Hungarian Diet) has sent a letter
to the chairman of the Liberal party
saying he is obliged to sever his con
nection with the party because the pro
posed doubla sitting of the lower house
of the Diet is contrary to his convic
tions. It is stated that thirty of Count
Apponyi's supporters will take a sim
ilar course.
BUDAPEST. Hungary. Nov. 28.—
Scenes of indescribable confusion
marked to day's session of the lower
house of the Diet. They originated In
the proposal to hold two sessions daily.
The members of the extreme left vehe
mently protested and several of them
were susi>ended for disorderly conduct
by the President, who was the recipi
ent of many Insulting epithets. Final
ly the Premier. Count Tlsza. attempted
to speak. He called attention to the
agreement between th*» different^ par
ties on rules of procedure.
"You have put all the advantages of
that agreement in your pocket," shout
ed Xlcolas Bartha.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Proofreader
won. Ocean Dream second. Autumn
Leaves third. Time, 1:14.
Sixth race, , one mile — Athena won,
Annie Hastings second, Harfang third.
Time. 1:42.
Fourth race. Thanksgiving handicap,
one and a quarter miles — Haviland won.
Reservation second, Slxshooter third.
Time. 2:06»4.
Third race, one and a slxtevnth miles
— Pyrrho won, Christine A second, Mel
bourne Eclipse third. Time. 1:48.
First race, six furlongs — Grand Mary
won, Fugurtha second, Rossmond third.
Time. 1:15.
Second race, five and a furlongs
—Laura J won, Idie second, Eleatea
third. Time, l:0S«4.
CIXCIXXATI. Nov. 26.— The Latonia
meeting came to an. end to-dcy, after
twenty-nine days of successful racing.
Summary:
Seventh race, one and a. sixteenth
miles — Scorlic won, Flara secend. Nine
Spot third. Time. 1:52 1-5. : - -' -,
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Conkling
won. Lady Lavish second. Prince Salm
Salm third. Time. 1:30. ;
First race, five furlongs— Totness
won, Xiskayuna second, Bronx third.
Time, 1:03.
Second race, seven furiongrs, selling—
Locket won. Our Nugrget second, Enue
third. Time. 1:29%.
Third race, about two and a half
miles, steeplechase, selling— Conniver
won, Billy Ray second. Red Hawk
third. Time, 5:20. -.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles,
"Washington cup — Carbuncle won.
Rough Rider second, Circus third.
Time. 2:12 3-5.
Fifth race, steeplechase — Gatgar won,
Morrelton Chief second, "Wool Gatherer
third. Time. 6:25.
Fourth-race. Inaugural handicap, six
furlongs — Irene Lindsay won. Big Ben
second, DueHst third. Time, 1:14.
Fifth race,' one mile, handicap — Char
lie Thompson won, Levi Dorsey second,
Ben Chance third. Time, 1:41 1-5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles-
Medal won. Eliza Dillon second, Ivernia
third. Time. 1:56 2-5.
WASHINGTON, Nov. r6.— Bennings
summary:
Second race, five and a naif furlongs
—Foresight won. Exclamation second,
J. P. Mayberry third. Time..l:0S 2-5. .
Third • race, seven furlongs — Sarah
Maxim won, Ponca second, Hickory
Corners third. Time, 1:29 3-5.
First race, one mile — Gregor K -won,
Mauser second; Falernian third. Time,
1:42 1.-6. ' *f- A' .. ' ;
NEW ORLEANS, Xoy. 26.— The Cres
cent City Jockey .Clutr was "especially
favored in the conditions for the-open
ing cf its -winter- meeting- to-day. * Sum
mary:
The return match between the Scot
tish bowlers of Oakland and those of
San Francisco resulted in another vic
tory for the " home talent. A large
crowd of spectators witnessed the
games, which were close from start, to
finish. Although each side won two
rinks, the San Francisco players in
each case won by a large margin, and
the total score gave them a victory by
fourteen points. Rink Xo. 1, the skits
for which were: San Francisco, J. M.
Earsman, and for Oakiand, A. Proctor,
was won by the visitors. Score 21 to 17.
Xo. 2 rink, with skits A. Foreman for
San Francisco and H. Forgie for Oak
land, was won by the former, 21 to 14.
Rink Xo. 3, H. S. Tickner, skit for San
Francisco, and J. Patullo, skit for Oak
land, was won by San Francisco, 21 to
6. Rink Xo. 4, with skits W. R. Eaton
for San Francisco, and P. Spaulding
for Oakland, was won by Oakland, 21
to IT. In this rink Oakland borrowed
two crack bowlers from the San Fran
cIeco team, which aided them material
ly In winning it.
The match yesterday was much
closer than the first, and the Oakland
ers showed great improvement over
their initial performance. Following is
a summary of the match:
' Rink Xo. 1 — San Francisco (17). R. Park. A.
Mackle. P- L. Dunn. J. M. Earsman (skit).
O&klaml (21) R. Dalzlf-1, Joseph nankin. J.
Molr, A. Proctor (skit).
Rink Ko. 2— San Francisco (21), S. Irvins,
3 Staff V Dalilel. A. Foreman (skit). Oak
land (14). t>. lioir. W. Keay, John Lalng. H.
Forgie (skit). -
Rink No. 3 — San Francisco (21). G. Peter
son A Hay W. Stewart. H. L. Tickner
(skit). ' Oakland <6). P. McDougat, AV. H.
ThoroF' t on J- p - Taylor, J. Patullo (skit). - ',
Rink >fo. 4 — San Francisco <17). A. Wilkie,
J Reid J. S. Webster. W. R. .Eaten (skit);
Oakland (21), J. McLachlan, substitute; Georg#
Center, substitute: T. • M. Latlmer. P. Spauid-
Ing (skit). Total— San Francisco 76. Oak
land e2.
San Francisco Team "Wins in a Close
j Contest on the Park
Links.
SCOTTISH BOWLEBS MEET
IN INTER-CITY MATCH
Fresident Sends a Letter of
• Congratulation to the
Free Fight Is Threatened
and President Suspends
Meeting.
Haviland Takes the Feature
• of the Closing Day at
Latohia. . .
United States Grants Recog
nition to the Jiminez
Government.
Scenes of Wild Tumult
and Scuffling Attend
Session.
Attends Services at New
American Church at
Berlin.
Irene Lindsay Winner
of the Inaugural
Handicap:
Late Ruler of Santo
Domingo Must Seek
New Fields.
HUNGARIAN DIET
IN ANGRY MOOD
PRESIDENT GIL
WILL BE EXILED
SON OF KAISER
AT DEDICATION
CRESCENT CITY
RACING BEGINS
A THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
To:pedc-Boat Destroyer Perry and Navy Tug Fortune Follow
Gunboat Petrel to Southern Rendezvous, Where the Diminu
tive War Vessels Will Participate in Trial of the Tacoma
PART OF PACIFIC MOSQUITO FLEET
SAILS FOR SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL
11
1 WAS NEVER. MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY
i - .- ' "AT WORK"
U . The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency cf the times
p . in giving more time to recreation, hunting and fishing, has acquired for
|J their exclusive use a series of. art pictures which will serve as reminders
JH . during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field.
fl "At Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reprcdec-
fl tion from an oil painting by J. 2L Tracy, an artist whose paintings cf
b dogs have never been surpassed.
p \ Mr. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Uewellyn
|| setter, "BuDEBIGO," who became famous in this country by his clean
| sweep of bench and field events.
| ' This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
S in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the many who love the faithful
j£ animal.
! | In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a
£ picture that, when. framed, could with difficulty b* distinguished from
§ the original oil painting. .
pi To overlook this is to .miss one of the best 'of the Sportsmen's Series.
| DON'T DO IT. ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY.
A PTJLI. PAGE PICTTJBE !
OF THE
M03T STTJ1TNI1IG GIBL
IN SAN FBANCISCO.
NEXT SUNDAY CALLTH73 FAN FBA.NC1SCXJ CALL, FlflUAr, JSU VEMJ3ER 27, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED MALE— Continued.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st '
Phone Main 3S43.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work,
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems ; free
pass * '¦.<¦¦
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SecUon hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. ''*:'.,'...
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. $30, $35. $40 fd. ;
milkers. $30 to SoO and found. - .
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, |aO to SCO.
3G5 woedchoppers.
2S7 tlemaker".
COOKS WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks hotels restaurants, camps, mines ami
ranches city and country,. £J0 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country. $2o to $45
and found- butchers, different Jobs, $40, JJW.
MURRAY & READY, CH-63B Clay^st^
CABINETMAKER. $3 50 DAY. _
HEAD DONKEY MAN, WOODS. SOLTH.
Striper and letterer. all-round painter, $J aay.
2 coatinakers, $5 per coat.
Married farmer. $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting. $5.
Tinsmith. $3 to $3 50 day.
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman lumber co., north. $»» ra-
COAL MINERS^-OREGON— FREE FAKE.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, country, 3 months' ateady Jot>, **.
FOREMAN. - " •
For orchard to start, $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 ITALIANS. ; NEW R. R. WORK.
185 GREEKS. NEW R. R. WORK.
155 AUSTRIAN'S. NEW R. R. WORK.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HANDY man. lay carpets, furniture store $15
week country Job; blacksmith helper $1 <3
day; baker's helper. $23 found; baker,
country. $15 week; buggy washer. $55.
country: stableman. $60; middle-aged Ger-
man, carry bread. $30 found; choreman. $-0
found; milk wagon driver, $33 found; cook,
hotel, from $25 to $45 found.
SECTION K. R.* BOSS.
MURRAY & READY. 631-638 Clay at.
A— VALET references, city Job. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
WANTED — A sober and Industrious young; man
to solicit orders and take charge of delivery
wagon for a wholesale liquor house; must
furnish bond; applications, stating former
occupation, with good references, will only
be considered. Address box 4719. Call office.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn lesltl-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker; no traveling;
Balary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — An Al fruit and produce salesman;
good position for right party; state experi-
ence and salary expected. Address box 471S,
Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 6», or
orthopedic shoes. $3 30; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bid*.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Fur U. fl] Marine Corps. abl»-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at iea> on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, oa land In oar
island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. Ban Francisco. Cai. mad
K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; on* who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.,
741 Market st. ¦
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; cata loarue
mailed free. HOLER System College. B3*
Clay at.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proDrietor. has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — First-class fancy goods man to go
to Stockton: state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4732. Call.
WANTED — First-class men's furnishing goods
man to go to Stockton; state ag», experience
and salary expected. Apply box 4731. Call.
BARBER trade taught In one month: new
method. Address W. C. B.. room 111. St.
Ann's building. C Eddy et.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 BO pair; foot-form ahoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions fur-
nlshed. Apply 611 Commercial st.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other business. 104 Pollc at.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalorue mailed.
B. F. Barber School. 741A Howard «t.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
pereons for whom I hare aecored pensions.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Paat Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Po»t.G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY hare a larg-e stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 35c night: readins rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* end subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission St.. bet, lit and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to S*W-. S<»3 Mlntilon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES A.VD WAGONS.
A LOT of cheap horses, mules, wagons, sur-
ries, buggies, carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday. November 24, 11 a. m.,
at 1140 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Good horses, two bays and two
grays: 6 years old; w?lght 1300 and 1400;
well matched. S19 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
1 at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
BIG black horse, $50; mare. $25: top waa^jn.
$60; wagon. $30; cart. $12 50. 70 City Hall av.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good hones.
S27 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest aasortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, aur-
rey.hamess.work.driving horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the equare.
BEFORE moving; get our printed Mat of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — 1TR.MSHED,
4 OR 6 room cottage for family of, 4. Box
4710. Call office.
FOR SALE — 6-room flat; newly furnished:
¦ partly rented. 16S Ninth at.
LOST AXD FOUXP.
STRAYED from No. 1 Lyon st., a bull ter-
rier I'oir; name and address on collar. Finder
will please return to above address and re-
ceive reward.
LOST — Chinchilla muff on Van Ness ave., bet.
Pacific ave. and Sacramento st. Suitable re-
ward if returned to MRS. A. C. DODGE
Hotel Baltimore. 1013 Van Ness ave.
LOST — Gold watch; monogram C. F. W. ; $20
reward. Return to Union . Llth. * Co., 325
Sansome at.; no questions asked.
$5 REWARD — Lost, large pearl scarf pin with
amall ring attached. Address Golden West
Hotel office.
FOUND — Cocker spaniel dog; 'owner can have
same by proving property and paying j
charges. M7 Howard st. I
LOST— Great Dane dog; license number 2CS I
Return to 1362 Ha>ea st.. or telephone Park '
7SC - : i
LOST— Mink neck fur on Sixteenth or Valencu I
st. car en route to ferry. Return to 237 D<v- '
lores «t.; suitable reward.
LOST— Snake belt. November 24. Return to
Ansonia. 40S Stockton at., room 704; reward.
LOST — Canary bird. Suitable reward by re-
turning to 31S Fulton at.
LOST— White bull terrlrr bitch. Return to 4m
Halght St.; liberal reward. " etufn ™ 4J3
LOST— Gold scarf pin; dragon; 1 diamond- re-
ward. 2050 Fell st. *
LOST— Scarf pin. 3 pearls, small diamond In
center. Return 210 Market at. Reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California,
w fi ch 5".? Co - '**> 8utup «•; ¦SSTSK !
a-old and silver to make new watch cast*. I
THE GAEL
JOHIf D. srSECBXtg. Proprietor.
aIcigs CcmmugticB to ICE ycSAUuHT, Haaagsr
W. J. MARTIX Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou "?Vlt— th» Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market aad Tfcirfi. S. T.
r<Jltorta: Kocrr.» 217 to 221 Stevensoa st
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 7f
Cts. Prr Month. Fir.^le Copies 5 Cent*.
Terms t>- Mail. Including Pottage (Cash Wltfc
On:er » : - ~»
TAILY CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 year..$«.0C
DAILY CALL tinclud. Sunday). « mos.. 4.0«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "3f
EfNDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.6«
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1<X>
ronr-ir^c fDsHy. ..$8.60 Per Year Extra
«?<^II?p \ £ui>dav.. 4.13 Per Year Extra
1>OSTAGE. 1 Weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTER^ ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fsrrp It Copies tvi'2 be forwarded when re-
quested.
M*!l «ul-sci!b«r* tn ordennr chanre of ad-
dress rhou:« be particular to sivt botn NE»
AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to ln«ur» a
- prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
« Sliest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
mS^roaSway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERK£LEY~bFFICE:
S148 Center Etreet Telephone Nortn T7.
I WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
JICP.TON E. CRANE.... 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK KCTVS STANDS:
Waliorf - Aatorta Howl: A. Brentuw. U.
Crtor. Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Ftftb-aTe-
cu< Hcttl and Hcftaaa House.
•' CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ra«r__5Het»*a: P- O New. Co.: Oraat
Northern Hctel: Treiaont House: Auditorium
Hctel; Pa!iser House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE XROGNESS.-.Marquette BulM ,g.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central -01*. t
BUPINEFP OFFICE of the Sftn Francisco
' Cai:. corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every n'.sht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Unr.tcorarry street, corner Clay: open un-
til »:50 p. m.
W0 Havu nreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
Cf» M.-AUifter Mxeet; open urtll 0:30 p. m.
CIS Lark'.n street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 Mission etreet: ojx>n until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. m.
!0f K'.ever.th etreet; open uatll 9 p. m.
1C»6 Valencia etreet: c:wn ur.tll » p. m.
Ncrtheart comer Church and Duncan street*.
> tpea until 9 p. m. .
Nertfcwest comer of Twenty - second ana
Ker.t-jcky rtreet*: open until 9 p. m.
??<** F^rmore rtreet: op^n until ft n -_rn- j
MEETING NOTICES. I
C»IIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .».
T — Regular attembly THIS EVEN- JBF*
ING «t 7-30 o'clock. Ord»r of Temple __B
«'n<1 Malta. All fralers courteously *Rf
'tHCMAP H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. U HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Loige No. 106. F. and A. M.. «
. iSioSc xSntfe. meeta THIS EVES-^
1NG> GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
JNG et 7 o'clock sharp. Master /VA ,
Masons are cordially Invited. By
order of tfc« master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
OXVCORFHA Lodge No. 122. I. O. |
.. r Th< members of :'¦¦» : " :; "£;'*'J^_«^''i
f-ral committee are hereby "Oti-^-5§SsS_J*~r
fled to as-s«mt>lc at O. F. Hall. '3WW_* f
SATURDAY. NovemlrfT 2S. at 1 oVlock p.
IB to attend the furu-ral of our late brother, j
LOriS WESTERFELI). decease*.
WILLIAM MEYER. N. G.
rHRIPT F.QEPER. Secretary. ' |
• zm i
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No. >Rj»7££K. :
X O. T M. — Review lJzZ~-~-"*£ir\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- ntS ¦£> rs_l
IN<J. at » o'clock. Pioneer trVS TT.yijl
Hall. 24 Fourth Ft. IW^AijSwi
;¦ B RICHARDS. v^r^fesy ;
Record Keeper. N^_3__5? r
~~^~ — "~ 1
— — — —
CRDER of Scottish Clans Twenty- -«>«
nfth anniversary celebration — Clan I2f_»
Kiasrr No. 7S will celebrate the »>5arO\.
twe:iTv-l:fth anniversary with a "_>v\
pvanfl literary »-niertainmfnt and 4r\T"^ i
bull en FHIDAT KVEN1NG. No- •* jj
vember 27. jn the Fcottifh Hall, 111 Larkin i
ft. Scottish fours ty the best talent to be !
rrocui*ii in San Francisco. Ad'Jrrse by the ,
Rev. William K. Guthrle. Music by Fair- i
¦rmvc'a Scotch Orr-hestra. Come early and •
6»*-ure stats. Aumiesion iSc. '¦¦
WILLIAM rORMACK Chief.
ALEXANI'HR KING. Secretary.
THE Gas Workers* Union No. 8S4, A. F of
L., will hold a epec>l meeting SATURDAY
EVENING, November 2«, at f- o'clock, at
Fidelity Hall. Alcazar bldg. All members
are re<4Uttted to attend.
JAMES RUSSELL. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
crse frcm Ompfii 1'lacer Mining Co., in j
Omega Placer Mine, near Washington. Ne-
VE«is. County. Cal.. draining into Scotch-
Scotchrr.ans Creek. which reaches Yuba i
P.'.ver; from W. H. Murchie. in Murchie
Mine. n*sr Nevada City, Nevada County
Cal.. draining into Deer Cre*k. which
reaches Yuba River; and from W. I. Wad- I
high, in Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, nesr Dutch Flat. Nevada County, Cal.,
cYairtrg ir.to Stump Canyon, which reaches
Bear R!ve»-. frlves notice that a meeting will
be held at room 96, Flood building. San
Francisco. Cat:. Dec. 7. 1&C3. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WAMED.
IF you would rather let porch climbers and
burglars have your Jewels than to pay $3
for an absolute detector, that n your busl--
n*ss. gr,l» agency. 400 R'.aito building.
atto nxEi Vat-la \\\
xr. u. bittner] '.
ATTORNEY AMD COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Ad vie* free. Phone South 743. |
Colt 822, Hinr.ia Ppreckels buliainp. i
Pivorcts quietly ant! legally obtained for
right cant**; damages secured for Injuries to
r*!«cfi or ratate; replevins lor property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for Jebt*; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceed Inns; wills probated; estates settled'
c-o!l«-tljr.s !tiade In all Darts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE!
OLD ESTABLISHED
COI.TTMBIAN LAW & COLLATION' AGENCY
Abie attcmej-s. Rm. 65. 818 Market opposite
Err.pcrlJm. Bad truants ejected upee^Uv and
rraeonably. Collections, no ruitter how small
attended to: attachments; bonds tumlxbed' cor-
porations orraniied; civil and criminal practice
IK. John «32fi Open evenings by appointment!
V.'e *e!;clt an Interview with you.
A PKIVATE. quick divorce for a small tee
S *t m L- cn 2,iV'' mcr: '> : no Pay In advance.
G W. HOWE. ATTOKNEV-AT-LAW.
Ee!iW1»hed 22 Ttr : rrr.f-. 1. 2. 5, 4 4 8 ijt fi
1122 Market St., between Maun and Tay!or.
A (i vice frt-e. aii matter*. Detective* employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
r.ejrr; practice In all courts; attachment* dl-
i?, rcc< «r r i, at **- fcark rvptcy, probate, 'fill.
t:iA. SUB Cro*slcy bldg.. K. E. cor. New
M«nlgon-.«».-y rr,J M!e*!on sts.; tel. John 2023.
KOBi'. W. KING, attj-at-iaw. Examiner bid.,
room C1I: all ct*<:«, damages, estates, wills,
attacbm«-iu. rojlecllons. etc.. consultation
free; D> n<5vr.r.ce cj-.arr*s; call or write;
*v»nlr.rv by r.prcir.trrit-nt. Tel. R»d 3C01.
ADVICE Tree— I will advance cost In rneritorl-
co# cares, rtivcrccs. prchste and all oth«r law
casts: no fee-, in advence; open every even-
icr. J. M. THURSTCN. S19 Market £. r. 31.
DIVCKcr— Cotts. $12; oulck. quiet; advlc*
fr«e : o;>en ever.irrg. 027 Market *t.. r. SOL
DIVORCE coils $12; quick rnd qciet: open
evenings. Hraminer building, room 315.
L. P. Cl-ARK. Emma Srrcckcis b'.fig 927 Mar-
tret tt.; consultation free; ko fees In advance.
ADVICE frcr; nr> rhsrire cnlrsn successful- all
law htisirw. TV. W. Davidson. 327 Market.
minis, dogs, etc
WARBLING caneries. talking parrots; «Ul
kinds cf sens n:id fancy birds: Koldflch. eeed
«tcee, Give vs a trial; «• will pleas*
iii'mm:ss chasces.
cth.ocgers. attention! ~~---~-~-~-
A:c you lo» kh.p ir,T a eafe and profitable busi.
rs»tR oii'-'ninj. in Fan Frmctico? If to, w« can
ofTer "oa ar.y number r?o.uirtn.T en investment
frora $100 tt» $50,000; every burlnesa oppor-
t!ir.!t>- that j.aEPCH trrcugh our office must
Ftend the cicstct investigation, and we can
I lace you in a "-tore, factor}', hotel, mill, of-
flc* or. In fart, r.r.y business you may prefer;
klr.dly call and InvcsUrMe.
OERMAXIA INVESTMENT CO..
Salt 321. Emcoa Spreckeig building. I
A— J1200* SALOON en -Market St.: rent $*0.
f-Wtf — Forr.iturc businc»: rest $35.
HUoo — iVJtehrr fhop; good buy; investigate.
Hjpa—n^taarant: up to »\zx»: north Market.
GOLDEN GATE REAL ESTATE CO.. Z Taylcr
A~!tARE opportunity for an active business
mart with about SCO.CKW to become a part-
rer in * fplenrjld paying old established
• who! '--sale liquor business. Box 473S, Call.
TCUNG woman trant* to buy l:ght business xa
- •" Ctv* j-x-il*. Boi 3423. Call office.
I n P. U ?INESS CHANCES-—Con tlnued.^
' R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
I Agent (established 14 years). 26% Kearny
1 St., rooms 9 and 10.
1 A fieoo COFFEE calocn and restaurant on
the water front. clo*e to Market St.: daily
" receipts about fC5; business clearing $300 per
I month 1 trial given: a sp!ei:dld offer: Investi-
gate =t once. See R. G. WILKE. 2Of4
• Kearny st.
A $S50o; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Comcauy; board bill ruarante^d by
company; owner never clears less than $300
rer month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
« A— $900; SALOON en water front, with 8 fur-
n!«r-ed rooms ; 3- iron be-i«teads in each room:
I 2^; years' lea**; rent fifl; rooms alone pey
}7i> p?r month and saloon doing a good busl-
; ness. Bee R. G. W1LICE, 26Vii Kearny st.
! I A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a jjood
, j business:; must be nold at once ou account
I 1 of elcknen in owner 1 * family. Call R. G.
u j WILKFX 2C4 Kearny at.
1 j A— $1600; HALF Interest In ou* cf the best
corner raluons on water frcnt; lease; dls-
1 agrermrnt of partners (—use of sale: will
eell whol« for 53400. Call R. G. WILKE,
2GV4 Kearny st.
A— $1250: CORNER ealoor. on Fourth ft., close
. j to S. P. frelKht sheds; 8 furnished rooms
"¦ 1 m.d kitchen: a sood paying business. See
t R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny at.
• A— $i>00; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
•tore; rent 122; business clears above $100
per month: living rooms: value In sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at. j
A— $2000; SALOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and doing a rood business; or
one partner will sell his interest for 51000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE salocn and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but miiKt be sacrificed on account of owner
being elck In hosDital. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny St. _
• A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason ate.; net rent $150: lease with priv-
ilege of B years more: value in sight. Call
R. O_ WILKE. 29^ Kearny st.
A— $650; CIGAR etand on Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellia St.; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar utand on Third St.; stock
at invoice; a $400 clear stand on Eddy St.,
stock at invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C!4
Kearny st. -.¦../-¦¦¦
A— $1250- COFFEE Faloon on Geary Bt.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. 1013 Kearny
street.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlatge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invert from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books teekingr good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
i FOR 6ALE — A "-eU established harness busi-
i ness in the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market «.. cr write to box 263. Chlco. "
A WORKINGMAN with $400 wanted as part-
ner in store business: must be steady, wlll-
1 ing to work and satisfied with $75 to $S5
monthly. MARIN CO.. 235 Kearny st.
LARKIN. 1005 — Dressmaking parlors; cheap
j r?r.t; fine location for any other business;
housekeeping rooms, furnished; $125.
LIGHT manufacturing business; over half
profit; small capital required. 576 Bryant
St., near Fourth.
j OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
r.car the city: account sickness; $6 a day In
work. Box 4S21, Call office.
. WANTED — A man with $500 for half Interest
in pood paying business; paying $300 month-
I ly. Address box 4579, Call office.
i FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 living ro-jms. Box
4MQ, Call office.
j FOR sale — Good paying paper and laundry
route in country town, near city. Address
News Acent. Mill Valley. Cal.
} $5<.o— PARTNER light work; $150 month easily.
j Particulars C10 Bryant st.
! WHOLE cr half Interest In faloon: best of lo-
cations: $2500: no agents. Box 4753. Call.
LODGING-IIOl'SES FOR SALE.
C. E~mNKLFrr. JPHONE MINT 796
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
! SQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAR TITLES.
EASY TERMS.
10 rooms; clears $25; rent ?2<>; a map.. $2<X>
14 rooms; clears $45: a good buy...... 600
!!? room*; rent $50; housekeeping 5."0
i 42 rooms-; apartment-houFe; Pos<t st... 3<>00
21 rooms; rent $-45: price only M>0
10 rooms ; rents $22 .V) 2*K)
• 100 rooms: offices and country transient. 7500
i SPECULATION— 17 rooms; clears $00; rent
$45; price $75<l : easy terms.
HINKLEY. 1W20 Market st.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished 50-room modern
apartmpni-house; choice location: long lease;
sweile«t house of the size in the city.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MONEY-MAKER — CO rooms; tran»!.-nt: liquor
license; clears $500; 2 entrance*; cak and
niapie furniture; a gift at $2750.
HINKLEY. 10*J<) Market, st.
NEWLY furnished 14 rooms; rent $55: choice
location: large yard; oak and manoRany fur-
niture; cleats $50. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market ft.. opr>. Fifth.
i .
j VERY nice, respectable house; well furnished
i and full of roomers; in best of down town
¦ locations: will clear $70 a month; thorough-
| ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
Is $C5 and the price Is $14.%0. MARION
GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
BEST bargain In a large, dependable rooroing-
houst; very centrally located; 6'J rooms and
all large, light and airy; furnished splendidly
and 'in most artistic taste: lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
is clearing $.{C0 per month, guaranteed: price
$G000; electric elevator; hot and cold water;
modern Improvements: cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business;
will Fell or exchance for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner building.
FOR sale — 4 flats of 11 rooms; also lodging"
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished; ex-
cellent climate; thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; is paying 25 per cent on price asked-
owner must have money to meet business ob-
l:gation. hence th« sacrifice. Particulars
from ALEX. MURDOCH, 10 Chronicle bids..
Ran Francisco.
SEE
TETLOW & DEACON,
Phone Folsom 20.77,
1023 Market ?t.. between (Jth and 7th.
For hot»ls. rooming-houseR and business
chances: any part of the citv.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house~wlth~40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Nees ave.;
rooms alwavs oocup!ed and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dltion; rent $35: cheap. *!»00; large list of
houses. 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearny st.
FIVE nicely furnished rooms; clears rent;"
$1W»; $30 down, balance to suit purchaser.
fall 0S1 Post nt. ¦ • ¦
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Coll. 16 pag»«. 6 cnt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CAK PET MEATI\G AXD CLEA2VIXG.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply e. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main E237.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
**nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 355-357 Teharaa st.; tcl. South 40.
WESTERN Carprt Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. .".20 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 39». GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Pror*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison Bt. : tcl. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
?.7-t OoMfn Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
dty cr country. TACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery, rooms f>-10: tel. S3S&
COTTAGES " TO LET.
MODERN furnished cottage! 114 Hawthorne
rt.. near Folsom. . between Second and Third.
CEEDIT CX.OTHXK&S.
C F. ADA US CO] :
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
, shoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
| _ Credit for all. SIS Mascn st.
CTTBE3 STTPTT7BE. ;
WHO DOES ITT HUNTER. 1200 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you nuffer?
Oft K.SSMA.KKKS AMI M2AJISTIIESSK«
ACCORDION, sunburst & kn!fe~plaltfnE~Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. n.» Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to n»*a*ure;eve.cla*3. 10ia Mrkt.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes general
housework for grown people or cooking for
men on a ranch; can do chamberwork and
waiting at table in hotel or boarding-house.
Address 190 Predta ave.. near Mission st.
Tel. Capp 1881.
A CAPABLE, clean housekeeper will take full
charge rooming-house for use of three good
living rooms. Box 4743, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan *: Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
EBIPLOYMEXT "WANTED MALE.
SINGLE middle-aged American wants eubur-
ban position as cook and general utility
man in small family without children. Ad-
dretg room 69. 321 Bills st.
WANTED — Work by all around man; care of
horses, porter work or anything in that
line; security and references if required. Box
2083. Call office.
ESTIMATOR and salesman; marble, granite
and building material In general: a good cor-
respondent and business getter desires situa-
tlon. Box 3452. Call office.
YOUNG German wants position of any kind;
handy with horses and driving and not
afraid of work. Box 4711. Call office.
WANTED — Position by experienced fireman;
city or outr understands steam heating. Box
4706, Call office.
CHOREMAN or coachman wants situation;
city references ; wages no object. Address
box 4707. Call office.
BARBER wishes position evenings and Sunday
mornings. Address box 4713. Call office.
GROCERY clerk with city experience wants
position. Box 470y, Call office.
BOY 17 year* wants a position on Saturdays.
Address F. DANIELS. 142 Ninth st.
MARRIED man. aged 41. good health, habits
and perceptive qualities, rapid and accu-
rate with figures, understands bookkeeping,
last 7 years' experience mercantile business
and mining in Southeastern Alaska, doslres
a permanent situation; can furnish city ref-
erences and bond If required; in that or sim-
ilar lines will pay $40 to any one assisting to
procure the same. Box 4737. Call office.
LANDSCAPE gardener and orchurdist; knows
his duties; to lay out or start a new orchard,
etc.; also pruning. ¦ grafting, dried fruits;
wants place to care for of do pruning; first-
class work. Address O. G., C13 Mission st.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call office.
GARDENER, understands flowers, vegetables,
small fruits, first-class horseman, wants
work on private place; reference. Box 4745,
Call office.
ADVERTISER will give $25 to any one. pro-
curing him position: age 31; height 5 ft. $ In.:
strong and active; no objection to hard work
of any kind. Box 4748. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of large business experience
lately from tho East is open for active era-
ploym;nt; is an expert rccountant; executl\ - e
or manager. Box 4751. Call.
EXPERIENCED and willing- young man wants
position in wholesale house as salesman or
assistant bookkeeper; good reference*. Box
4531, Call office.
CHRISTIAN young man wishes a situation
with a priest or Catholic institution, city or
country, by December 1. Box 4725, Call.
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
charge of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch; good references. S. D., 77 Ninth st.
GERMAN. 30 years old. 3 years in country,
wants work as porter or other work. Box
4734. Call office.
BARBER first-class wants steady Job. Please
address THEO. WUESTEMANN, care
Charles Tamm, 369 Bartlett St.. S. F.
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman end designer. Address, box 857,
Call office. Oakland.
GOOD piano player as bartender, with few
hundred dollars, wishes a position In saloon
business in country town. Box 4513, Call.
AN elderly man, reliable, good references,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
BAKER, room 110, Winchester House.
YObxs'G man desires position with reliable
house where he may advance: 3 years' office
experience; best references. Box 4526, Call.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jnckson 1321.
BARTENDER wants position In city or coun-
try: young man. Box 227, Haywards, Cal.
YOUNG German wants work of any kind, $1 50
day. CS23 Army st.
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
In small family; understands cooking and
housework. Address K. IMAI, J. Y. M. C.
A., 121 Halght st. _ %
JAPANESE wants position to do housework In
hotel or lodging-house. Address CHARLES.
1006 Hyde st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ¦-'
'. FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it , will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
> St.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; Jet us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
' COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. J i .-• ' ; •¦' ¦¦¦
IT— LOWER flat. 720%- Harrison ot., .between
Third and Fourth " *
VAN NESS — Modern, '8-room. 1 runny flat for
' rent; or will sell. . Phone Folsom 2891.
ELLIS.' $24— Sur.ny. " 4 5 "rooms; Just • finished:
electricity for light and power; $45..
TO LET— Sunny Oat, 0 rooms and bath. 111
Leavenworth st. ¦ - -
FLATS TO LMT— F*ITKXISIIEI>.
DIAMOND. 819— Flat of tkree sunny furnished
rooms; $14. -^ , ~ ' .'.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHEdT^
$300 — 5 ¦ ROOMS cozy upper flat, newly f ur-
nished; rent ¥27 GO. 4C<'^ O'Farrell. ..--;,..
_; FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
¦ nanoal Agent. 322 Emma Sprockets Hdg.- •
gACIAI. MASSAOE.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
. anteed. ; new method : 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 761 Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing end clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St., nr. Octavla; phono Scott 837
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; rlr-
clo read. Wed., Fri.. Sun.. 8: lCc. 6tO Ellis.
ETHEL CIIINDLE materializing seance Fri-
day eve.. BOc. U2S Ellis et.; 3 o'clock.
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. 700 Polk St.,
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EAKLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
»:S0 to 4; eeances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR " PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trauce Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever in Snn Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to t<»ll your,name, occu-
pation ard what you called for; I promise to tell
you whither husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tel! you who and when ycu will nwnV".
In fact. I will te'.l you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself: I will &l\e
you luck that wins success In love.marriage.di-
vorce. business, speculation, mining, nealtn ana
lost vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
1 320 — O'Farrell st. — 326. Readings $1.
MME. M~. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant &nd business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads youc life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happening and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 20c up; satisfaction gunran-
teed; readings by. mail. Tel. Black 4569.
A— PRESIDENT DIA£
OF MEXICO says:
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
your studies In this science have been car-
ried."
" L— I— V— O— R— N— O,
THE WORLD- RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER,
34 KEARNY STREET.
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel.Black 2435.
a^7"See portrait of Mme. Livorno and orig-
inal tesUrnonlalaatentrance^
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: reading* by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofnee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS 7.EMDAR, young, gifted clair. & palm.,
lias second sight: a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial succees; names;
L., fiOc; G., Jl. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Learn Mental Ttlecraphy.
413 Post St.; hours 10 to 3. •
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours. 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
OLDEST lndy palmist and card reader In city.
. 20'i Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c, gents 60c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 50c. 6L'O Jones st. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 44S<4 Jessie St., bet. 5th and Cth.
DI3XTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister st£.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing drilling an<l excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when platee are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2.T5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teetn $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; filling*, 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
EDUCATIONAL.
HnEXLO^S^BUsiNESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nieht cessions; illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin »t.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sfsslons; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; eat. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines *: EIectricity,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete etjulDment. Special catalogue free.
EUGENE DF.~FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Btookton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeans.
Tel. Main Il>ft7. BRADLEY A CO.. '040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) — FEMALE.
AN experienced chambermaid wish's work.
Call Hancock Housp. 7K1 Mlfaion St., room
33. MISS SUSIE LILLARD.
SITUATION wanted by experienced colored
woman as nurse. Address box 4712. Call.
FIRST-CLAPS German woman wants to cook
in email family. 700 California St.. rm. 4.
LADY pianist would like a position* country 1
preferred. Call or address 122 Turk Bt.
RESPECTABLE middle aged woman wishes to
do general housework or housekeeping if re-
quired; good reference. 61 Colton st. be-
Jween Brady and Market.
WANTED by young lady, with knowledge of
Spanish, position as stenographer; best refer-
ences; any salary. Address Urgent box
4723, Call. '
YOUNG lady who has had training in a sani-
tarium would like to care for invalid lady or
gentleman, or an companion. Address "L,"
212 South Second St., San Jose. Cal.
A FINE pianist, accompanist and teacher
(lady) desires engagements; will give . In-
structions In exchange for rooci and board.
Uox 4730. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS nurse wants work In confine-
ment case; kind to children; reference. Buk
472. Call. ;
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes a few more en-
- Kagemcnts; charges reasonable. C13 O'Far-
rell St.; phone Larkin 612.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
ing and ironing by the day. Call 1203 Val-
lejo «t. ' ¦ V ,.
HOUSEWORK of any kind, including mend-
Ing,* '20 cents per hour. Address box 50, Call
Branch. Church and Duncan. .
WOMAN would like situation by the day,
washing and house . cleaning. 1310 Shotwell
St., between 2Cth and 27th,
SITUATION wanted by lady as manicurist in
a shaving parlor. Box 4750. Call office.
LADT barber wishes work Saturdays. Box
4724. Call. ' -
YOUNG French girl wishes position as second
work ; $25 cer month. 119A Sixth st.
COLORED girl for office or upstairs work;
r.lt-ep at home. 418% Natoraa st.'
GOOD German Kirl v/lsh«f» position for gen-
eral housework; wages-$25. . 1709 1 /*' Eddy; at.
SITUATION va.nted 1)7 T«<ry as manicurist In
• •fcavmer Darlor. Box '4750. Call office.
MEDICAL. ""'" w
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; ,to
years' experience; removed to S28 Post st.
MRS. tR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f».
male troubles and Irregularities; Inxtant :«.-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^j Market »t.. opp. 5t-i.
DR. G. W. O'DONNEEL— All who are stck cr
In trouble consult this specialist on femaia
complaints: positively. corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 73M Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complains; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. etper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
A maternity villa; private: «5clud.*fl: conflilen-
tlal. Dr. E. Funk". 1416 Eighth _t_ Alamed ».
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original iwthod of treatment. 112H Market st.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Unton »ouar»: nil ril»»a»« curwl bv n»rbi».
7 ." aS-;- ailLLIXERY.
LADIES— 2C0 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
money by calling on MME. r>OSCH. 207 Po-»t
IIISCELLA.NEOCS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? *
Repair It with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or ccating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, bctlers. engines pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'T. CO.. 130-132 Scale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress, pants. $2 50. Orl«l-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2ZS Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sella or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 72x16 ?lORISONTAl. tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERINO
CO.. 151 Fremont St., San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwcod visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Franclecu.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, fl 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
200 CHICKENS for sale In lots to suit. SneU
ave., l^i blocks from East 14th St.; tak»
Haywards electric cars at Oakland.
TRY our men's khoes at $1 and tl 80 pair?
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S19
Market, ab. Van Nega. RICHARDSON BROS.
GASOLINE engines for sale. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and Washington sts.. Oakland.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2036. Call.
3AFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
sliea: new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 510 Market St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 VaHejo st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks.
metal beda. mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewrlers; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montr v.
M1SCELLAXEOUS WAXTs!
SECOND-HAND gasoline engine. 8 hT~pT~or
less; wood working machines. Box 4511,
Call office.
WHAT have you to exchange for first-class
' dentistry? Addreag box 4742. Call office.
WANTED — A good «econd-hand bicycle at 414
McAllister St.; call before 9 a. m.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY ¦ hlgliest prices for all kinds of -caat-c.it
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
T1LT0N wants good second-hand clothing an 1
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 434.
MOSEY TO LOA.V.
AAA^^lER^AN'^IURPHYr"
601-602-603 Examiner bulldln*.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property tn trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge ot
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 63 and 69 Donohc*
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINI03
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. .H49
Market st. , tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Th.ir-1.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
49 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bid*.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$2S up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious otones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianoe; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building;.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially: new.stmple plan. Room 60. 819 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
1 PER cent on furniture or ptano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market M.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearnv.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.BkMd.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indoreer. MORELL. 609 Examiner M<!g
MUSICAL INSTIIUMESTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month; r-e allow six
months' rental of the purchase prioe U you
wish to buy: this gives you six montaa trial
of the Instrument for nothlnc: It the plaao
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any Instrument In our stores; with «uch good*
aa the McPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one in quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtas
"Bijou." the smallest full scale ri»no In S»j
Francisco. SCOTT-CURT AZ PIA.NO CO..
6C0-C2-64 Hayes =t.
ALL uprUhts on our bargain s.'ate to-day—
Collard. $35; Filsher. $50; Sherman & Kr«-.
$100; Wsber. $C5; KlmbaU. $115; Mansfield .*
Notni. $125; Haynes, $150: American. $1*1;
Chlckering. $167; Emerson. • $172: Miller.
$175; 2 Steinways. large and small size. *l«%
and $290- Heine, larxe style, slightly used.
$325 Rents $2 up, apply on, purchase: in-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth aai
Broadway, old P. O. Bide- Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
I A CARLOAD of beautiful Draper Bros, pianos
I Just received. They are offered as the best
' thing In ine market for the price. $000. We
hav» also a fine assortment of Behr Bros.
andBaumeister pianos. Simplex Ptano Play-
ers and all kinds of musical InMrumenn.
; The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY.
! 76t> Market St.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up. including such mikes as Chicketins;.
Vose. Kroeger. (Turtaz, Klrkham. Pease.
' Hardman, Marshall & Wendell, Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON'. 16. O' Far-
tell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: F. Beeaon, Paris, maker:
.Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac Coast. 27* O'Farrell:
skillful repairing;: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey or?an.
two banks of keys and pedal ba«s; cost $750;
f your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 M_»oa.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIOHEST price for furniture and mdse. I* H
BURP, auctioneer, 1S18 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2756.'
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpeta.
_, HAIB PB3BSSIKQ.
YOUNG woman wishes few engagements for
shampooing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573. j
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT 8. F..EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
Young girl, office, city, $15 month.
Housekeeper. Oakland, one man, $15 and fd.
Nurse girl. city. $20 and found.
Waitress, private boarding-house, city, $25 fd
Waitress, restaurant, city, $20 and found.
Woman, housework, city. $10 and found.
Call early. Lots of work, girls.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU Phone Grant 28
WANTED — A large number of girls to call
Friday to fill positions as cooks, second
girls, laundresses, nurse and all kinds of
housework. In both city and country; good
places and best of wages. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdrewlng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to /.
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sltlon#to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10: positions aa trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring;, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room &4: positions vecured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY: ,
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO/8 I
FACTORIES, 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873 !
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
CASHIER for restaurant; experience and ref-
erences asked; no fee. Apply 0 to 11 a. m..
Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6 Eddy
st.. room 46.
CANDY saleslady with experience; steady posi-
tion; good salary. A. B. C, box 3454, Call.
GIRL to assist in the care of children. 1457
Fulton st.
WANTED — A woman for plain cooking and
Hpht housework. 515 Pacific st.
A BRIGHT, quick woman for position requiring
some executive ability; must have had at
least five years' actual business experience.
Box 4715, Call.
WANTED — A good lady barber. German, or
good sober young man. Address JOHN
MENSINGER. Baker City. Or.
GERMAN Kirl: plain cooking and housework.
1721 Broderlck st.
GOOD hands on vests, who know how to make
buttonholes. 641 '.£ Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED bodice, slee\-e hands and stock
girl. Dressmaking Department White House.
SALESLADIES for lace department. Apply
Superintendent's Office. Emporium.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply Diehl Hair
Store, r>28 Fourteenth Bt., Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
CANVASSERS wanted: permanent employment.
Room 9, St. Elmo, SOS& 15th St.. Oakland.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mia*
M. G. Barrett. Instructor, 302 Montgomery-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C80
¦ Valencia st. -
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Office
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st..
Office clerk, country hotel, single man, $75;
night clerk, same place, single man, $40;
only those with first-class hotel experience
need apply.
Confectioner, $75; bread baker, $60: both
for first-class hotel, Honolulu; start Satur-
day, the 2»th; apply Friday; free fare.
Chef " and second cook, country hotel, $100:
second cook, country hotel, $60; presser and
cleaner, gentlemen's clothes, first-class coun-
try hotel, fare paid. $40 and found.
C. Hi HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office.
420 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
r>20 Sacramento st. — 520.
Cor. Leidesdorff st. Phono Main 1191.
COAL MINERS. NEW MEXICO.
CHICO, HUTTE CO. SHIP TO-NIGHT.
HALF FARE. SHIP TO-NIGHT.
.".(» 2 and 4 horse teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50
day: 7 farm hands and plow teamsters, $2B
to $30 fd.: cook, waiter, city: 5 laborers,
$2 25, north: 8 woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; 50
tiemakers; 5 carpenters.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton «t. — Cook, meat
and pastry, country hotel, south, $50; Ger-
man cook, saloon, $30; fry cook, $70; dlsh-
. wuhfn, $6 a week; farm hands, $25, etc.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth' st.
10 laborers and rockmen, city. $2 and $2 25
day. Call early, boys; lots of new obs.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
marrlt-d men. between ages of 21 and 35, dtl-
tens of United States, of good character and
j temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rtalto building. New Mont,
gomery Ft.. San Francisco,' or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento, Cal.
BARBERS— Special meeting MONDAY EVEN-
ING, Nov. 30. Amendments to the by-laws
will come up for action. ¦
1 JOS. R. BLEILY, Sec.
BARBER wanted for Saturday, Sunday,
Wednesday: may be steady; 10c shop. 038
Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter, wanted at 152
East st., corner Howard; wages $12 a week;
i call early.
,WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
• soled when you can get it done for 2ftc. 00c
and 60c while you wait at AG3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.7
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap.
WILL.& FINCK CO.. 818 Market st.
WANTED — An experienced plumber's helper
729 McAllister st.
GOOD barber wanted for 1824 Pollc st.
BARUER for Saturday and Sunday. lOoS?;
Folsom st.
ELEVATOR boy. 20 Stockton st.
A LUNCIIMAN for saloon. 1053 Market 8t.
STRONG boy to work In candy, factory.
BLUM'S, corner : Polk and Sutter sts.
WANTED— Young man who Is a Ant-class
dry Roods bundle wrapper. Apply at HALn
BROS.' . .
GOOD talkers; acquainted with wage-earners,
can : make blc mon av. 1&1 ; Parrott bldg.
When ladies call upon each other
They talk of one thing, then another, *.
And after music, plays and books
They're sure at last to speak of cooks.
Xow, as to cooks, there's lots to tell,
J-"or some are good and others — ¦well.
Their work's so bad we really think
They often drive a man to drink.
We show the way at cost that's nil-
Just put a "Want Ad In The Call,
For that will bring her, so say 'all.LONDON. Nov. 20.— At the wool auction
sales to-day the offerings numbered 11.978
bales. There was a good Canadian competi
tion which was brisk, faulty srades setting
more freely. Half of the offerings were com
prised of crossbreds. including a large selec
tion of sllpes which were In good demand and
which were sold chiefly to the home trade.
ScoureOs were in good demand for Germany
and France. Merinos were fine. Cape of
Good Hope and Natal #old well.
London Wool Sales.
Ccn for money..... SS*4 New York Cen...l21fj
Con for acct...SS 13-16 Norfolk- A West.. 58 &
Jinaconda " 3H Do pf<J.... 69
Atchisoii ....' 67 T4 Ontario A West.. 21%
. Do pfd.. 02=>i Pennsylvania 5»U
Bait St. Ohio 78H Rand Mines 10
Canadian Pacific. 122h Reading 21-
Ches & Ohio S2 Do 1st pfd: 39
Chi Great West.. 16 Do 2a pfd 30
C. M & Et P 143 Southern Railway. 20%
DeBeer* 20m Do pfd......... SO
Den & Rio G 11!4 Bouthern Pacific. 47H
Do pfd......... SO (Union Paclflc 7*5
Erie 28HJ Do pfd 89
Do 1st pfd RSHjU S Sted ll»i
Do 2d pfd .". 50»i Do pfd 53%
Illinois Central... 133>iWabash .......... 20
Louis & Nash....lO7H Do pfd 36»i
Mis.. Kan & Tex. 17^ti!
Bar silver, steady. 20Tsd per ounce.* Slonev,
3',i©4 per cent- The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills Is 4V« per cent and
for three months' bills is +©4H per, cent,.
Farm hands In Norway receive $40 to
$S0 a" year.
Stocks in London.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
. SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 26—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of eame date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 13.S9 13.13
Red Bluff 0.00 >.70 10.08
Sacramento 0.00 3.52 • 3.63
San Francisco 0.00 4.41 3.63
Ftecno 0.00 0.64 2.67
Independence 0.00 Tr. 0.79
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 ,'. 0.44 3.52
Lpe - Angeles,-.-* 0.00 0.43 2.47
San Diego..... 0.00 0.06 2.50
THk COAST RECORD.
~~i i i o « «5
STATIONS. r 1 1 Jiff: |; -|
I: \M \ I f
Baker ...30.30 46 40 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.26 CO 24 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.16 60 48 SW Clear .00
Fresno 30.12 50 46 NW Cloudy 00
Flagstaff 30.30 M 14 NE Clear
Pocatello 30.3S 02 2S NE Clear 00
Independence .30.24 64 42 XV Clear 00
Los Angeles... 30.02 78 56 W Clear "OO
North Head... 29. 98 54 50 S Rain 1 oo
Phoenix 30.04 M 44 N Clear 'oo
Portland 30.06 59 4« SE Cloudy .10
Red Bluff 30.16 64 4S NW Clear 00
Roseburg 30.16 6t 42 NW Clear 00
Swramento ..30.16 50 46 NW Cloudy "no
Sa»t Lake 30.3S 52 32 NW Clear *00
San Francisco. 30.14 00 52 N" Clear CO
San L. Obispo.30.10 82 40 N Clear *00
San Diego 2J>.96 S4 54 NW Clear '(«>
Mt Tamalpals.3O.15 C5 .. XE Clear *02
Point Reyes... 30. C8 64 32 N Foggy "m
Farallon 30.12 56 46 NW CleaV '©6
Walla Walla.. 30.14 40 36 E Cloudy 'oo
Wlnnemucca. .30.30 56 26 NE Pt.Cldy *0O
Tuma i.SOXiO 84 M N Clear loo
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
* FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
.northern portion of the Pacific sl<*>e and foe in
the San Joaquin and lower portion of the =ac
lamento valleys; elsewhere the weather is fair
Rain has fallen over Western Washington and
Northwestern Oregon.
The pressure ha* fallen over the northwest,
and along the California coast and risen over
the southern plateau.
The temperature has risen along; the coast
couth of Point Conception and. fallen in the
Sacramento and San Joaquin valley*
Forecast. made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 27-
Northern California — Fair Friday Hxht
northerly wind. T, *
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north '¦
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
light northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
WEATHER REPORT.
HONOLULU. Nov. 26.— The local Bar
Association held a meeting to-day and
adopted a memorial to Congress op
posing the amendments introduced in
the Senate by Senator Mitchell of Ore
gon and favoring the passage of an
act permitting appeal from the Terri
torial Supreme Court to the United
States Supreme Court in cases involv
ing more than $5000. The memorial also
petitions for an increase in the salaries
of Circuit Judges.
Oppose Mitchell's Amendments.
Must Go to Penitentiary for Assist
ing to Cause Train Disaster at
Greenville. \
STAUNTON, Va., Nov. 26.— Mrs.
Ellen Bailey was found guilty to-day
of planning the wreck on the Norfolk
and Western Railroad at Greenville
last December and- her punishment
fixed at ten years in the penitentiary.
Her son, James Bailey, and Joseph
Kennedy have been convicted of wreck
ing the train. Bailey was condemned
to serve eighteen years in tHe peniten
tiary, while the jury in the case o£
Kennedy brought In a verdict 6f mur
der In the first degree.
WOMAN IS FOUND GUILTY
OF PLANNING THE WRECK
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 26,r— Nine re
ligious denominations joined in a union
service at the Detroit Opera-house to
day, attended bv a congregation that
taxed the capacity of the auditorium.
Rev. S. S. Marquis, Episcopalian,
aroused much enthusiasm by his ad
dress. He said on denominationalism:
"It seems to me that If there is one
thing more apparent than another it is
that God has refuted our denomina
tional claim. It has been demonstrated
that God can work independent of ec
clesiastic machinery*! and we are grad
ually awakening to that fact."
Chicago Clergyman Declares That
God Can Work Independent of
Ecclesiastic Machinery. ' .
SAYS DENOMINATIONAXISM
IS STEADILY DYING OUT
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— Ofllcers of the
steamer Denver of the Mailory line,
which has just arrived from Galveston,
report a collision with the bark Arabic
Maid while at sea thirty miles off Tor
tugas Island on Saturday night.
First Mate I. B. Myerland of the
bark and Berger Erlcson, a sailor, were
drowned, and the bark, which was
heavily freighted with lumber, sank
five minutes after she was rammed by
the Denver. Eleven of the crew were
brought o"TT the wreck by the Denver's
lifeboats. The bow of the steamer was
Injured.
Smaller Vessel Sinks Soon After 1
and Two of Her Crew Axe
Drowned.
STEAMER DENVER RAMS
A LUMBER LADEN. BARK
The fire is presumed to have orig
inated in the furnace-room of the Al
len building. The flames were first seen
when they broke out on the second
floor, this part of the building contain
ing the heaviest part of the wholesale
grocery stock. The buildings were filled
with the most inflammable class of ma
terial, and after the roof fell in the
blaze shot far into the air and dense
volumes of =moke, illuminated by the
fire, rolled still higher.
The firemen were working about thir
ty feet inside the Allen Brothers' build
ing when the floor above unexpectedly
collapsed, catching the men with no
chance of escape and with no possibil
ity of their comrades rescuing them.
Their bodies were not even recovered
from the burning building.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 26.— Four firemen
burned to death v and property loss
amounting to $300,000 was the result of
a fire ¦which broke out about 3 o'clock
this morninfe in the wholesale grocery
of Allen Brothers, corner of Ninth and
Jones streets. In addition to the big
five-story building: occupied by Allen
Brothers, that occupied by the Pacific
Storage Company, adjoining, was also
consumed. -The four firemen killed
were:
L. W. LESTER.
"WILLIAM BURMASTER. ,.J
L. y. GOLDBOROUGH.
WILLIAM A. BARRETT.
Comrades Unable to Rescue
the Bodies From Burn
ing Building.
Four Members of Omaha.
Department Meet
Instant Death.
FALLING FLOOR
KILLS FIREMEN
. - ' - -v ¦ ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27. 1903.
13
EATLWAY TRAVEL. - iO .
3 OALIFORNIA |
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
[ Leant Boadays and Thar«day» b
B at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 days, |
K with diner and all trappings. m
Other Santa Fe Trains : . '
7:30 a. m. ) fof Stocktofl , Fresno, BaVersSeld,
8-00 m.) Merced, Haniord and VUalla.
4.00 p. m. tot Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canroa anA
, Chicago.
Ticket Ofpic»: 641 Market St., and Perry
Depot. 3. F. Also 11L1 Broadway, Oaic-
land.Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH. FRANCISCO AN J NORTH PACIFIC
KAXE.WAT COXPAHT.
Titouron Perry. Poot of Market Street.
sav rsAircxsco to sav xiafaex..
WEEK DAYS — 7:3«. 9:O». ll:0u a. m.; VtUt*,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, «:20. 11:30 p.m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAW FBA3TCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— fl:O5. 7:35. 7:3O. 9:W. IXzlt
a. m.: 12: W. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C3 and «?:"> p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:0O. 9:10. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40.. 3 :4O.
4:55. &:05. 6:25 p. m. -j _¦¦ - >.
Leave 1 In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27, 1903. jSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I San- | Week
Days. ] days. | tlon. ( days. | Days.
' 7:30a 8:P0i! 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a I?nac!o. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:OSp 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p| 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 al 8:49 a
S.OOa Novato. 10:40 a j 10:21) a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 pj 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rcsa. I-'
7:30 al T" 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 pi j
i "Windsor. j ~
7:30 a S:fOa H^aldsburx. 10:40a!lO:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Gersenrllle. 7^3p 6:20 p
I j Cloverdale.
7:30 a) 8:00 at Kopland 110:40 a!l0:20 a
3:30 p| »:30p( and Uklah. | 7:55 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 3:00 al Will Its. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Gnenufvllle. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:00 al Sonoma. |9:10a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. { 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a] ~ 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7uttpj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae tor San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altmrla asd Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle tor Skargs Sprinsrs: at Cloverdale for
the Geys«rs. BoonevtU* and Greenwood: at
Hopland.for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kels «?yville. Carlcbad Sprlnss. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJeriys,
Bucknell's. Sanbfdrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'k
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vUle. Cummlngs. Bell's , Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garoervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rtmnd-trls tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at *alf rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C, WHITING. R. X RTAX.
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Aft.
AUCTION SALES
OPENING OF ~
*^ THE SEASON
v . : I I A MAGNIFICENT LOT 07
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
! MENLO STOCK FARM
W. O'B. MACDONOUGH. Proprietor,
j Consisting -f sera and daughters cf Irr.p.
I Brutus. San Carlo. Orsini. Magnet. San Lucas
I and Bright Phoebu*. out of the mare* that have,
I made this firm famous such as Imp. Misa
j Brumire!. Golden Lorfca. Spinach. Imp. Cblpp •.
1 Moonlit. Gold Lace. Haidee. Hertha. LoveUght.
, etc. Also seven finely bred thoroughbreds by
Pecksniff from the
ALME&DRAL STOCK FARM.
and the stallions Don Gara by Rathbone;
Bread Riot; besides Jerflderiai Phroeo and ser-
eral others. Sale takes place"
MONDAY EVENING NOVEMBER 30. 13C3
Commencing at 7:15 Sharp.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
2J6 ThiTii St. near Fclsom
WM. O." LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Send for Catalogues. Horses on exhibition
for three days prior to sale.
RAILWAY TBAVEEfc
I s Sy.Ilil.PJS-.?^.9.l?i c
i ** bAM rBAXCUCOk
j (Main Line, Foot of M*r fcet Street >
j " JJOQa VaOTille, Winter*. Kumsejr.. 7 55*
[ 7.UJ* Beolcla. Snlsoa. tlm'.raaad 3aer*r
TBentu 7-25*
750* Vallejo. Napv Ctllttosa. SaaU
i;nu. Martinez. Saa lUmwi 8-zSp
7-50.% Nile*. LtTermore. Tracy, Lstarca.
Stockroa 7-ZSr
' 803* sss.«t»- Ezprest— (Vim Darts*.
Mrmtanu (for Bartlett Spring* >.
Wlttows. ?pruto. Ked B!a3. y
PortUad. Tacoma, Seattle 7-55*
' 8 CO* D«»ls. Woodland. Knlithw Lacdmg.
M»t7»Tllle. OroTllle /.B5*
i 8 JI* Port Costs. Martiuti. Antiocti.
Byron. Trscy. Siocktoa. New-
can. Lo* 1 '. tao*. M'aiou,
Armotts. Haafurd. Vi sails.
Port^rTllte 4JZir
850* Port Cocta. M«rtla'i. Tracy. Lata-
rof*. Modesto. WrrceU. Fresaa.
Gosbeii Junctioa. 11 »n ford.
VImiII*. H«.krr«r.eld 463»
j 130 a Kile*. S»n Jow. Lttftrmore, Stock-
ton. (-Mllt.n ). lose. S«-rami»aU»,
Placer»11!«. Jl»rj»Tll!e. CUlco.
P.ed 31nS 4.23P
I 8.30a Oskdole. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
Bora. TaolBTQue and Angel* 4 25?
9 00* AtI»nUeEx?re«»— OB«ica«ndR*«t. 11. 25*.
9. 30* Kichmond. ttBTtiacs aad Waj
Stations 853»
1 10 00* Tte OTerland L!w !ted — ogiiea.
Denyer. Omaha, Chicago. 6 Kr
i 10.00a Valiejo 1225»
i 10.00a Los Anzeie* P«Mecirer — P«n
Costa. Martinez. Byroa. Tracr.
Lathrop. Stocktoo. llereed.
Ray mood. Frt?«no. Gonhen Jnae-
t»oa. Haafo'd. Lecioore. Vlaalla.
Bakertfield. Loa Angele* 7-2S^
12.00* Hay-ward. NHea and Way Stations. 3.2SP
tl-OOr Sacramento Rlrer Steaicer* tii.OOf
i 3-30r Bentcla. ITIbuts. Sacraaeata
Woodiand. KaiiChra Landls*.
MarysTtlle, OruTlile aad way
station* t??? 4
SZCr Bayward. Kites aad TTay Station*.. 76Sr
J.SOr Port Costa. ?lart:a-i. Byr-<a.
I Tracy. Lathrop. Modeito,
Mercr-1. Fresno and Way Star
ttoas beyond Port <>>tt* 1225p
J.30r Marttaex. Tracy. Stockwn.Lod!... 1025*
4C0p MirtfBex.9anrUmoB.ValIeJo.Sapa,
! Callitojta. S.«ta Kosa. 9 25a
' 4 00* Nile*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.25f
' 4 SOT Hayward. Kile*. IrTlagtoa. Saa t «8 .55*
Jose. LtTermore | XII. 55a
I BCOf Tno Owl Llai;ed— SeaO'B. Lo»
Banos. M.-u. !.•;». Freino. Talare,
BakenSeid. Lo* Anse.'e* 8 55a
¦ 64)0r Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton 12 25^
1 t53O Hayward. N'llw aod Saa J»i« 7.25a
6.C0r Ilayward. SHeaaad S»n Joas. 9 55a
6-COr Eastera Expre»a — Ocicn. DenTer.
Omiti*. St. Lou!*. Ctiriio aa<l
Ka«t. Port Coata. Dealela, Sui-
•an. Elmlra, DstU. Sacrsmeata,
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfsx.
Trockee. Boca. He no. vr»4>-
wortB, Wlnaemocca 5-2S* 1
S.OOv Valiejo. daily. »xeept Sunday I 7 c.,
7-OCp Vanejo. SaniUy only f ' O3r
7X0r Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costa.
I MarUaes *B<t Way Stations 1125a
8X5* Orepon * California Kxpre«»-Sac-
nuaento. .M»ry«Tine. Redd^K.
¦¦- Portland. Paset Sonad aad East. 0.554
9.1 Op Hayward. SHes sad Saa Jose (Saa-
) dayonlT) 11 55 *
COAST LINE (Harrow ua. ? »>.
tKoot of Market Street.)
j |.15a Kewark. CeaterriUe. Saa Jose. *
Felton. Btmlaer Creek. Ssnti
Cms and Way Stations. 5 53*
tS.ISr Kewark. CeBt«rrUle. S»a Jom.
5ew Almaden. Los Gato«.FeUoo.
Bonlder Creek. Saata Crax aad
Prlnci?*! Way Stations fiO-SSt
4.1b> Kewark. Saa Jose, LosGato* and t *8 55 a
waystatloaa i :10 55a
«930r Haaters Trata. Saturday only. Saa
Jo*e and Way Station ». Retara-
¦ lax from Loa Gato* Sunday only. J7 25>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroaa SAN i KA> Cisco, Kool of Market St. <Silp«
— t7:U *:0U 11:00 aJI. 100 3 00 515 r.u
f rota OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — tfcnt U :fl»
t8:0> 1U-.COa.ii. 12 00 2 CO 400 r.i.
COAST LINE (Kroad ua.x.u
t2f~ (lblrd and Townsea-i Streets.) _'
610* Saa Joie and Way Stations. 6 iff
7 CO* San Jo«e aad Way Stations 5-58r
' 800 a New Almaden (Tup*.. Frld.. oaly), 4-13»
8 CO* Coast Use Limited — StopsonlySaa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister). Pajaro. Ca»troTK!e. S»-
Raas. San Ardo. Faao Roblaa.
\ 6antaMargar1La.SaaLaiaUtilsp<\
' I"r!nci?»l statloas Utcace Sorf
(connection for Lompoc) prlaci-
' pal station* theaee Saata Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastrOTille to aad from
Monterey and Pacific GroTe..... 13.43F
t.CO-t Saa Jose. Tres Pino*. Capitols,
E*auCrax.PsclSeGroT«.Sal!aaa,
8«b Luis Oblipo sad Priselpal
Way SuUoss 4.10*
1040a EanJoae aad Way Sutloo*. 1.20*
• •¦30a Santa Clara, San Jot e, Lo* Gatos
aad Way Station* 7.30
1-5Cr Saa Jose and Way SUEtoas 8-38*
S-COr P*cl3c GroTe Express — SaataClars> -
San Jose, Del Moate. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (eoanects at Saata
Clara for Saau Cnu. Boulder
Creek and Xarrow Gauge Potata)
at Gllroy for HoiUster. Tres
Plaoa. at Caatrortlle for ;i::iu. 12.19* 1
3-30p Tres Pino* Way Passeos-er 11043a
144br tin Jose, (Tta, Saau Clara) Lo*
Gato*, and Prlacipal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) «... f9.12a
55JCr San Joie and Principal WsySuttoss t3 OOa
6-CCf Sanaet Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jose. Gnroy.Sallaaa.PaM> Boblea.
i- aa LnU Oblspo, SaaU Barbara,
\ Lot Asrele*. Demias:. El Pa*«.
Kew Orleans, Hew York. Con-
nect» at Pajaro for Saau Crax
and st C**troTt:i« for Pacific
Grove and Way Station* 7.13a
1S.15r EaBMateo.Beresford.Belniost.Saa
Carloa. Bedwood. Fair Oaks,
UealoPark. Palo Alto f8.48a
f-7CP fan Jo*e and Way gtationa. 6-33-a '
11 .301" Soota San Fraaciwo. MUiOrse, Bnr-
Hag»m«. San Mateo, Belmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood, fair Oak*.
Mealo Park, aad Palo Alto 9 45*
¦11.30r Uayseld, Moontila View, snany-
» ale. Lawrence. Saau Clara aad
Saa Jose «-4Sr
A for Morning. P for Af ter&oos "
} Saaday only.
(Stop* at all nation* oa Saaday.
1 t Ssadsy exeepted. a fcatarday only.
I CVOnly trains atopptas; at Valencia St. aontttbo«M
I are«:10AJi,7:00AJi^ll:a0AJL,3:JOr.M.aad *:3Dr.ja.
TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric— -.
Depart from San Francisco DaUy— 7:0^ 8:00.
»-W> 10CW. 11:00 a. ra.. 12:30. 1:45. 3:14. 4:13.
3 r 15 « 15 7:00 S:45 10:2O. 11:45 p. m.
raOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO
—Daily— 3-25 «:33 7:40, S:35. 9:35, 11.0& a.
m. 12^2? 1:«. 2^*1 *¦*. * : «. 5:«. 6:45.
fl-45 10:20 P- ih. i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FBAN-
CISCO— Dally — 5:45. «:55. ":32. 8:55. 9:55.
ll:2*a7lS. 12 ::«. 2;0o. 3:15. 4:C5. 5:05. «:US.
7-C5 9:00 10:S5 p. na
..W. «.w. THR^ rGH trails.
8 00 a- m daily — Caxadero ar.d way stations.
5:15 p. in" week days (Saturdays «xcepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. va. Saturdays — Caxadero and way »ta-
tlons.
Sundays only — 10 a. in.. Point Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «M Market st.
FEBRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TiaSjasa^ia Tarry Arrive
Saa Frandsco T»t «f Mirxat & San Francfaco'
Week Son- fma - Son- 'Week
Days. I day^ /&r&£2< d»T^ Paw
•19«Q1*H:0Oa A^ff^aSa 1 2: 05p 10:401
•1:45p 9:OOa Wjgfrw^ l:M»l:S»f
5:13f IO.OOa TI^m^ST *3n» VftOf
11:OOa 4:7»Oi> 9:53»
"Cmjet TfA **t* kt * «p» m* *gb-» Cms
nan « &K Maikst ST,(Xorth Saore Railroad)
OmCB ) aad Saosauto Fsaar Foot Markat Sc.
Weekly Gall $1.00 is M
| ROOMS .OD BOARD WAXTED. ,
{ WANTED— P.oora and board in good hotel at
*3O uer 'month for a itentleman: north of
! Market s:. and" west cf Taylor. Addres* bos
4C- c 0. Call office. -
RCOV4 WAXTBD.
\VA >T ED — By young man. room in private
Protestant family in vicinity of St. Luke'*
Church. Address Episcopal. 4739. Call.
PALSLSTRY.
MME. DEVAS, scientlSc palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm reading* |1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 133 Post tt
MME. NEERGARD*S class ki.palmistry begins
Dec. 1, 8 p. m. 242 Post st.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERHAXGIXG, PAIXTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartnumn Palr.t Co.. 319 3d *t.: til. Main 413.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD SIRGEOSS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1U21>4 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar atteatlon paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073H Market at.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all disease* of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Maaon; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. T0NG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal. herb doctor, cure* all dlseaaea of human
by uce of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. 'WONG, 71» Post st- ; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dl*-
»*b#h cured by Chin*** herb*. 746-S Clay «t-
SKWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20o do*.
NEW HOME S. M. CO. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES i n E AR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
m»nt free. Dr. Ccttlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE^ AXD WAREHOPSEg.
A— EMPORIUM Storage tt Van Co.: furniture,
hocsehoT3 froods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
. CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
I Mission *t-; tel. Howard 04L F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlpg Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmcre St.; phone Jackson 2S1,
• BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
! St.: teL Main 1S40. Shipping at cut ratea.
! STX'TTERIXG AXD 8TAMMERIXG.
) MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— -Carn
i ) In every case; Individual teaching: no medt-
I j cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures :borae cur*.
! TO LET.
SHOEING, wagon and paint shop. 22x80. In-
i quire tn grocery, southwest corner Geary and
Broderick st<.
' great bargains in typewrtters^we"
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 200.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
| tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
t 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
[ Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5OS Market.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS;
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
! mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bs
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
) 1 sons authorized to have the same publish-;-!.
£ I Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in thie column
free of charge.
BORN.
- CORNELL — In this city. November 23. 1003,
I to the wife of Geonre E. Cornell, a daughter.
: MARRIED.
DALTON— ATHEY— In Martinez, by Judge
Carr^nte- Louis Dalton of Portland, Or..
j and Florence I. Athey of San Francisco.
• • SNELL — MOLDRUP — In this city. November
i j 25, 1SKX5, by the Rev. J. C. Mtserve. Lidsey
• ', A. Snell and Florence Edna Moldrup, both
! | of San Francisco.
. I * ' ' i
: I died.
Allison. David E. Kelley. Catherine
> I Arnold, Mrs. A. Langeron. Ernestine
Burke. Mary Lower. John E.
Burke. Michael McDoneli. Anna M.
Carlson. Mary J. Martin. Margaret M.
; Cochran. Joseph P. Ohrt, Gustav A. '
Cclemaa, David R. Palmer, Edith
• | Cocke. Dudley D. Pilz. Mrs. Emily
• j Ccrrea, Frank Ralney, Samuel
Donohue. Marie E. Rosner, Slgmund"
Fltrell. Mary E. Ross, Bert C.
Fowler, Mary Schmoll. John
Gibson. Gecrgle ScTamaglia, Lou>a
Grundtll. Thomas O. Von der Mehden, W.
Hammerschlag, F. J. Walsh, Julia
Hanson, Annie E. • Wenxel. George L
Hughes, Henry Wester*eld, Louis
Isaacs, Abigail Wettmjinn, Geo. A.
I Jehu. William H. •
ALLISON— In this city, November 25. 1903.
[ David Ersji'^e, beloved husband of Lillle
Allison, and Lather of D. E. Jr. and Edward
. I R. Allison, a native of Iowa, aged C2 years
I and 10 months.
ETFuneral and Interment private.
I ARNOLD — In Lcs Gatos, November 25, 1903,
{ Mrs. Angehne Arnold, beloved wife of F. M.
Arnold, and mother of Mrs. J. F. Johnson
; oi San Francisco. Mrs. Fred H. Miller of Loa
Gatos and W. F. Thompson of Redondo, a
native of Ohio, aged 73 years 6 months and
j 8 days.
I BITRKE — In this city. November 26, 1903,
Mary Burke, beloved wife of Fred T. Burke,
and loving mother of Mrs. William Elliott,
Mrs. H. A. Hornltsn and Adelaide, Char-
; lotte. Fred K. and Daisy Burke, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 66 years.
CTFrlends can review the remains from
<5 to 10 o'clock d. m. Friday, interment
private.
BURKE — In thLs city. November 20, 1903, at
hi* residence. 240 Shotwell street, Michael,
beloved husband of Catherine Burke, father
of George Burke and Mrs. C. V. Hatfield
and the late Josesh M.. Mary A. and Lillle
L. Burke and Mrs. Maggie Aubertin, and
grandfather of Mrs. F. Plluso, a native of
County Galway. Ireland, aged 72 years 4
months and 2tS dwi.
C7"Notlce cf foaeral hereafter.
CARLSON— In this city. November 25, 1903.
Mary Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles L. and Annie Carlson, and sister of
Margaret C. aiid Charles J. Carlson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 14 years 2
> months and 20 days.
ty Friends and acquaintance.! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
the Barents, 107 Jefferson avenue, off Cort-
land avenue, thence to St. John'* Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the reposs of h^.- soul at 9:30
j o'clr-ck. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COCHRAN— In thli^clty, November ITS, 1903.
Jc«eph P. CochraiJi brother of the late Rob-
I ert and Anna E. Cochran, aad uncle of Smith
P. Cochran of Chicago, a n.iilve of Penn-
sylvania. *ged 76 years 4 months and - 5
days. A* member of St. Andrew's Society
and Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, I. O.
COLEMAN— In this city. November 25 1903
I David P... husband of Mary H. Colema'n. and
. father of Henry R. and William S. Coleman
j a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged 78 years
2 months and 21 days.
E7The funeral will be held Saturday No-
vember 2S. at 10:30 o'clock, from his' late
; rtsMence. 2350 Twenty-second street be-
; twecn Valencia and Guerrero. Interment
private.
; COOKE^ — In this city, November 26 1003
I Dudley L>. Cooke. a native of Califtrnia. aged
24 year* 4 months and 18 days. . !
; CORPjKA— In this city. November 26 lam " i
FraSsc Correa. beloved husband of Pauline '
! Ccrrea. a native of California, aged 37
years. o ;
DONOHUE— In thi* city. November 26.; 1903
Marie Elizabeth, beloved daughter of P A*
and M. Katherine Dcnohue. a native of "Sari '
j Francisco, aged 2 days.
I FITZELL— In this city. November 2C 1903 at
the oarents' residence. 314 Day street \iarr
! Kllcn. beloved Uauzhttr of William il. and
Katie Fltxell. a native of San Francisco
aged 1 racnth and 19 days. ~~'
FOWLER — In this city, November 25 l»03
Mary, beloved wife of the lat« John w'
towler, devoted mother of Catherine. Agnes.
Annie, Emma aad Minnie Fowler, and lovl
lag sitter of Mr*. Daniel GUHgan of Oak-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
I Telephone South 80.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS, o
! — Funeral Director* and Kmbalmers. '¦
' " Formerly s In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at SBC MISSION. Tel. South 167.
I Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Eauioment* at Moderate Rues.
real, estate c 5x^~"je£!l^3^ '
£oo^or~^Thouse and lot ;
Only e'.cbt blocks froai a ;
school house £.nd street car line. 1
Will sell for cash or nart cash and balance
In monthly payments.
The house has 3 rocics. r.ew and never been
i.std.
The lot Is 2oxl00 ft. level and en grade.
Tliis is a bargain and I want to sell it; It
is tn a eo3d locality and is worth mere
nicney than I asU fcr it.
An opportunity fcr a laborir? man to cwa
a home In frcm 3 to 4 years, and onl? pay
en it as you are now paying: rent: Investigate
this. Address Owner, box 4574. Ca!l office.
MODERN, cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy tej**«: large lot*.
4 rooms — irSKO.
C rooms — >32S0.
6 rooms — f.y:o.
€ rooms — SCCOO.
7 rooms — J4100.
6 rocrr.s — HC-'O.
Located en First and Eeccnd are., b«t.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. T. NELSON, builder.
$380 DOWN and f20 per month, cottage. &
rooms and bath; 4145 2Sd St.; the latest.
$300 down and $23 per month; 6-room hou««
en Duncan st. : a snap.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission *t.
> JUST cpened a new tract of splendid lots in
the tK-st part cf Berkeley: terms very attrac-
tive; call or send for map and particulars.
S. F. and S. Home Building; Society. 703
Market St.. F. F.
TWO beautiftul cottages. Just finished, in
MiFTioa district, S block from cars: can be
bought on easy payment*. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 P<xt ft.
BUILD oa your unlmproTed realty: w» loan
full cost lraprov. and part lot at « per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building;.
VoR SALE — New house. Just finished, en 20th
8v»». n»*r ear line; Sunset district.
LOTS SI or S s!d» of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by VT. J. GUNN. 630 California st. |
ESTIMATES on plumbinp work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. S36 H award. ;«t-
REAL ESTATE — Conntrj- — For Sale.
NO SHIPTVRECKS. NO 1?O?B. NO
Fterrie* down the prettj-
Peninsula. 5-acre wooded home*
Now $1250 to J1S75; irietallraentB if
Desired; better get one
At first coet. Double track.
Half-hoT:r service.
C. M. WOOSTER. CO., MS" Market et.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm! "
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Writ* for booklet. It's free. 600 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, CaL
j ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*.
vineyards: inspected bargain*; monthly cata-
lo«rues stnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market St.
POIXT RirHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
'> WATER front lot* and bargains: all tracts;
maps, rhoto*. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bids;.
j — " T** ""^ *^^*^^~ ***"^
REAL ESTATE r O EXCHANGE.
1 ! OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
• I not too far out. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 4C6
Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
: BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
' i $2750— NEW. modern 5-r. ccttage; lot 40xlo3;
• 1 one block frcm North Berkeley station.
! i $6000 — 3.S4 acres on Claremont t .*. ; choice lo-
• j cation for fine home.
' $1200 — r»ne acre; near new Santa Fe depot;
Addlscn st.
. ! $1500 — 104 fe*t on Grove St.. near Parker; this
price for Mmited time: three factory site*
en railroad. West Berkeley, for sale.
: j $4000 — W lot*. West Berkeley, en R. R. ; best
business block in North Berkeley; . now
rented zz.-i paying fe per cent on arking
price
'¦ ¦¦ $1^X>— 7-r. house; Carlto:>* tt.: lot 200x270.
Larse iirt cf hcuses and lots for sale.
¦ CHENEY & BERRY.
; Postoffice Block. Berkeley.
;| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
; OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
: j OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
. j SPECIAL- barsain — A new 7-rty^m hou?^; all
modern: irood location; easy terms. P. C
LAS?E.V & CO.. 466 Tenth «.. Oakland, Ct-j.
j OAKLA.VD ROOMS TO lifiT.
i VE.VDOME AND GRAND HOTELS. ~
Si-H Washir-rton and C10 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
; or without board: special rates to famili*s.
j OAKLAND FI'R.VITL'RE FOR SALE.
! TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furaJ-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG.
j AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits: $30 up:
steam heated, electric Hshted: free bath.
I GEARY. 1333 — For adults; 4 connecting rooms,
bath, toilet. «e.s. coal stoves; all necessaries.
S HOWARD. 1310— Sunny double parlors and
single ro->m for gentlemen.
| JONEF. 390 — The Zola: newly (£«/nlshed suites,
j .:; Ac -4 nns; also single; water; steam heated.
j MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Newly fur-
ni«hed rooms, $."-*12; bath, ga£. phone.
j MISSION. 114S — Front suite complete for
housekeeping; piano if decired.
OTAP.RELL. 5*3 — Two sunny, nicely furnished
houpek«-ping rooms on parlor Coor.
VAN NESS ave., 706 — Sunny front basement
rult and kitchen: also 2 rear rms; reasonable.
• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•ubscriptions ha* been established at 109«
, Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HouseTllS Sixth «tL— Room*
2Sc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 MaSfeit st or No I
Ftfth et.)— Rooms. 25c. tOc. $1. S. 50 night;
tl 10 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market 'old No. 13«4) — Fur-
nUhfd rooms, raite. single; also 'unfurnished.
| j CLIFFORD. 20t Ellis, corner M>BOn— Elegantly
. j fcrnlshed sunay rooms; prices reasonable.
; DEVISADEP.O. 152S— 1 or 2 sunny unfurnUhed
front rooms to let.
I j GEARY. 1225— Elegantly furnished front room.
: i cuitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; refs. ; private.
. i GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms SOo
i i to $1 £0 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
! I HYDE. S10— A large runny furnished room,
. j X'J a month.
i JONES. 413 — The Saphire — Sunny furnished
I rooms; running water; reasor«T)!e; central.
' j KHAP.NY. 104— Sunny uafurn. front sulf 2
room* $10. with kitchen $15; adult*.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James fiat— Sun-
' I cy single room.
• NINTH. 119 (Gtlesple)— Nicely furnished rooms
! $1 SO to 12 L0 per week; 5Oc to 73c per nlghtl
. POLK. 1X&— "5»e Carnegie— Thla has changed
).;•:¦':* and is thoroughly renovated; $0 up.
FINE. 173T.. near Van Ness— Newly furnished
runny bay-*-indow room; electric lights; pri-
vate faslly
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor
cr dentist; aiso other furnished rooms.
[ ROYAL, House. 12C Ell!*— Incandescent light*.
• irading-rocm. smoking-room and ladles' par-
. lor. inon-j per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $S; month. $9 to $30; elevator on ground
COOT; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
! j UNITED STATEf?. 123 Eddy St.. r.r. Market—
' j 400 slr>jrle and family rooms; S5c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric light* ;
| readlnr-rocm; free bus and baggage.
' VAN NESS. C19 — Handsome sunny furnished
1 suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
• WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
t ::.--* t-> $1 .V» right; $2 to SS week; elevator;
i j elec lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ii ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
: Call Branch office, cor. Dnncan A Church sts.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
: subscriptions has been established at 1098
; Valencia rt. - ¦ -
! R O O MS A.\ D BO ARD.
I -" ¦ HOTEL~BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE. NEAK GEART ST.
'¦ AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70S.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
, MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
HARRIECN. 570. 4 block* from Palace Hotel —
Large room fcr S or 4 persons; also singles;
rood home board $4 week.
' HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van New
; bvc. has cAasged hands; hereafter conducted
l Crst-clacs family hotel; table board specialt>.
- STEVEXfOV mansion. SC7 California st.— At-
tractive and sUrhtly rooms; best table and
! service: lowest rates,
VALENCIA. 11R9— Nicely furnished tooms and
rood beard; reasonable.
•-LMCST :.r*'i;5r^.t; cheap: ca*h or Install-
1£t.C. r-hr.ilTZ * CO.. 1C McAllister st.
A~FTECK "::i.r.Jr't 7-.*hoz*xy. nearly new;
rr.u«t be 5 ¦-¦¦"• -""• :4-AI2t*ter «.
Ur> ITIITL 2--<i» t s:e:away upright plaao;
r-.^.r..! g»rt n ft-frr-i n*jTTf» aad furclttire dirt
r v..,p." garage. 1C3« Market «t.
s"-'-"\:rn Rvtcr -I*u*>' pS»ao«- Cedliaa ptaaa
¦V-.': -«r. ' TJTItON MACZT. SCS-312 Po«t st-
PI'PEBIOR x-IoUt**. t'.tfcfr*, c!d and new. H.
'"'T.T-F'R. TsfcT. TTy-rT. 2 Latham p?*re.
""OFriCKS AXD STOnES TO LET.
STORE with :anc» bs*«r:eT:t: below Keamr
M. r r»r* %''f >r-^ f -"*-K Clay rt... room 1.
Oil-
UTZX excfcft&C* -=¦*¦ cttf property. «*'l or lease,
jrrv^a rateable oD Ur-.d tn Sur^et. Midway.
M'-TIlttrltk Y.r.'v.ra district* ar.d incorporate
irur company. CsM or address MRS. CLARA
TXJI.TZ. AtUB'ney at Lj<r-. '2* ?.ocr MS'.ls tldg.
rEBSOIAM.
A. SPECIAL M)W RATE. V) DATS ONLT—
M. ELLA. HARRIS.
To a".: «hcm I fcsv* made price* to eiac«
far.. 1 1VS. & fcr the ensuitg 30 days only.
1 w;:i frjsk* a liberal reduction from all
prices for iff" cr*c^al d»ep-wrlnkle treatme—t.
T^e i*<Jy who ha* been en exhibition ia
the dr-oir rtcre ¦windc^-s rr.ay be seen at my
ofSc* thi* w*k from 10 ta t. ln ( order to ac-
c-rmo^.a:* those who have requested to ex-
trdte the face tnor» thoroughly in private.
U. HLLA HARRIS.
751 O'Famll *t.. near Larkln. Call or writ*
for bock grplalr.lrg method. *_
B A RON'S* CTjOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Younc ltdies *teadi:y employed can r.ave
liarcc's cioaks. suits, fur* and tailor-inade
ful'j to onier, HI weekly cr nser.thly pay-
rn^rt* plan, at T»ru'.ar marked rri»s. C^ n -
\inoe yourself by c*:::nr en BARON, -j.
market A __ Q
THE Star Hair Remeiy re«tores rray hair, lm-
rrcvea «u growth, stops f&'.llr^. cure* Cacdruff
ar.'! -.tchlag; scalp; no stasn cr stickiness;
<r:e*n*es »c*:p;at <lrur«^sts'. fcairdrewr*' : ac-
cept no sutKtitute. Star Remedy CO..133S Pc"k.
NOT fccw cheap but hew food Is the motto of
the manufacturer* cf the Rapid Rotary
?-ani&rd. the fewtmr-tnachire cf to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agect. 1C21 M&rket rt.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' eip*riencer cure* per-
rracectly »orjj:lae. cocaine habit. Call or
eddres* Centra! Pharmacr. 2E1 Grant *Te.,
comer Sutter St.; fe* moderate.
CRXTNKENNEES, tr.crjhine ar.d all drus; dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
;.*&• Pclk «t ; ccr.5ti!ralicn free; c*2 or write.
MASSAGE. tana-rubb:rx tre*tme?jt; face Ti-
bratory trarMne: r*-r.uine tub*. Prof. Morris.
4f*«» G<>arT rt.. nr. liases; nurse a«5istaat-
AT Irt* thtn cost, uncalled for ruits. overcoat*
ar.i trousers rt CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Market et.
LIQUOR fcabtt cared in 2 day* or no charres;
raaraeteed. Aom Liq^cr Cure Co.. 897 Mar-
ket Ft., room 203.
ELEGANT sulis on eayy lr.rta!lmer:ts: 50 ceots
*r.i ur rx-r w**k. LEON LEMO5. 1127 Mar-
ket st., t*t»Nn Sever.th ar.d Eighth.
PANCING T-j^isy. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day *-vps.. Teut<3iia Iia!l. Howard tt.. cr.
!-".h: Prof. Foster; society dancing; tat^rht.
EMILE VARFEVR. P!»«.se cotnmunicate witt
fBOOr s!st»r. to brs 4714, Call offcee.
WANTEIV— Mm tnd wire to take care C
!»ouf*. r*r.t free. 4137^ Seventeenth «tre*t.
MASQUERADE tOWilln— . t'.ay bock?. w;r»;
cour.'ry ».r>m. GOLnSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ANDERSON — nieca-t theatrical anl masquer-
sic ccftumw rrctei 20 CFarrell st.
BC1TE to «rder cti inrtsl'nier.ts. $1 per week.
Keshsaa & Co., irf-rch. tailor*. 727-729 Market
PVFERFI.UOUS ha:r * rr.'-.et rerncned ty elec
trie r.f-»-!> r>r. ft Mr«. 7rav?r»». .1170 Market.
THE best r'£ r * !• t-)* kocvJ umbrellas cr have
:h*m cci»r<^I rr repaired is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE f\in «7 dress rant* $2 SO.
\'.f?.T CK'.htn* I»arlcr. cor. Ba?h snd D-apont
ALFRUlLjf fJ E^yptlaa Henna restores erraj
hair tc li> natu-*l colcr: SI: at f?l drn«rists'.
F-r*rf -J-Tjs he-r ar.I rr.r.le* rerr.oved with e!»/T
tn<- r,e^'.:g. Mr? & Mis? Eaten. 1119 Sutte*-.
A WKEKS r.ews fcr 5 cr.'t — The Weekly Ca'.l
:*" pt-.eff. tn wr^.rper. frr rraihrg. 1 1 per year
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
cry-'CE cf the board of state har-
tvr Ccnin^Eitoncr*. Union I>eFOt and Ferrjr
House, Frtsclsco, Callfcrnia. Novem-
ber iti. l&tJ
E**led rrr-iKKW'.s or tie* will be received at
this -fnee at cr prior t» 2:15 o'clock p. ra.
en Wsdneslay. D*c«c;ber 23. 1903. for the
cstructlon cf a eecllja of seawall and
wharf a.'.uns sarr.e to be located between
K:r^ a^c Ch*r.nti street* cc the water
'rom cf the City and County of San Fras-
daca. ic acocrdAZkcv with the pl^ce and
f;>ec;£ca tie-as rrej>«»r»<j thtrelcr ty the Chief
Et^meer cf the Board *n(J aiJcpted by the
Board AtUCCM "'•• V.*j3. asi en r.:e in this
c^Ste, to Rhich ej*cltl reference is hereby
niiae. The «cTk to be doo«- urder tLe««
;;¦ ..'..i'.: '.-• ¦¦':.!-.>:< In fumiihir.r all rr.a-
¦.'T.a'.s end labor fcr conetructlEt tnd erect-
::.{ a etcne teiwall with end emtatkmect*
tkr.4 m. wharf. It ie tFTirr.ated that tfce «ea-
wtli and e=d eE:t*r.jcraetiti will contain
about SJ.'X' tec* cr stone; the wharf will
ccntiiu i*,C»?-C> severe feet af wharf sur-
face. This section cf the seawall will ex-
teni '.zt.~ . the ;^ter^»-ctlcn cf the northerly
::r.e cr Chancel street (prolonged easterly)
with tbe water iro^t llae. alx hundred (COO)
feet ronberir aion« ttid water front line.
The dit^rials to b* used fsr the construc-
tion of the ":»¦..; and end trr.taiK— t r-.s
will cccfist of -¦--." not subject to deccia-
I<*iticn nor disintegration ty the action cf
sea water cr air.
Two c:as*e» cr rtor.e will be reccrnlied.
Tfce fir^t clzt-t wi'.l include stone of one or
n»ore cubic feet in fair aF*ortraent cf rize:
bet»-e*n rat aad four cubic feet; no objec-
tlos will be made to etoae larjrer th^rt four
cutlc feet; this class cf stone must be free
of ? . ¦ - - aiul ::.c:V.--! line* of cleavage.
Ttt iectsd cizf will include etone of less
tfcs.r. cse cut!c foct. in assorted sizes, but
no ftoae loes than five pound* will be ac-
cepted «t **>* qoarr>-.
The materials for the coartructicR of the
wharf will consist cf the requisite quaatl-
tl*« cf first das*, close rraiaed. Dou« ai
jellow Cr pile* tnd y*Ilow fir lumber imer-
cha&taUe quaUty). wire rope, wrought Iroa
belt*, *^ik*«. etc., all of th* best quality
itaa subject to a rl^id examination.
No b!d will be received unices It Is ms<2«
«s a Mar.k rorsa furnished frcm this cfSct
anil i» acc^rr.r«r.ied by a certlSed check f-r
f.\e per cent of the eE£rcn»te amount of
tte ti3, payaV.e to tte order of the Secre-
tsry rf *he Boanl. ts a truaractee en th«
part cf the eucxessrul bidder that he «1H
» :thm «tx <6> cays tfter the acceptance of
the i>'.£ »-r.ter into a written contract to do
mid work, according to the plans an! 'pec-
>rV ¦ttniu p:eiared therefor, ar.d will aiso
-» execute end file with this Board a bond in
such *atn =* tae Board may dcera adequau
with a surety company, to be approved bi
tn* Bos-ni cf fctate Harbcr Corr.n:lsi-ioner».
»r.d ccr.d:ticr.»-a fcr the faithful r»rfonranc«
cf Rich rcntrs«: cm- will reij fcja cca ,
». i- r- ; fcy thl* Beard unless delivered to th«
recrrtarj' or to the FTrWTIt »ecretary a!
the ctSoe ef tte secretary, at or prior ta
t:l5 tfd°dk p. in. en WedsewJay, Decera-
ber 23. :««C. *t which time aad place tfc«
bids wi'ii b* coer.enJ.
Beard reserves the right to reject acy et
. all Mds it dc-;a.ti fcr th» best inurent ci
it* Elate.
liidiem ar« tnvstod to fce present at the csea>
:n; ol tae b'.c*.
C31AF. II. SPEAR.
JOHN C KIRKPATRICK.
3. D. MACKENZIE.
TV*r4 cf State Harbor Ccrr.rcissiocer*.
I.GTT D. NORTON. Ortef r.trli!«r.
JOHN ll. TOY. Secretary.
Pr.OPOSALS— BI<3* wanted. Nctl?« U herefcj
C'Acr. ttat scaled proiK«al* *ri!l be received
by t!ie bo*ri cf director! cf the Veterans
Hun;* of California, at its office, rocra 13. 22<
&3»xt St.. £i»s I>«nclsoc. C«tl.. up to 1J
o-<-ioci a- re... FAjTCRDAT. DECEMEER 5,
1-vji, er.d opereS irr.rardiatr!y thereafter in th«
iftcr,™ of bidder*, for fumishirf; aad <: e l!v.
*nr.g qaartemvasteT end consmiMary ruppiies,
•te. for tie WUran**- Ucme. Napa Ccuaty.
Ctl;"r; Tn:z. <rallroad nation YcsutiU!e).for su
irortbT. cfiansecciiiff Jan. 1. 1004. and ending
Jen* Z'i. lUOi. Schedules with iarcrniatics
end ;r.!-vrwPtloas for #ubrsltt!ac bids wiU b«
jcrrishfc: upon «rpJ*^*ti < «i b >' **" under-
r^sed. Bidder* wt!l r*refBHy follow the cctj.
c:t. r c: the «heda!ea. and r-o bid wia bt
cvatti'.r^i crt*r» tt' J* ts *cccriar.r« vr'.'i
• »uch r-d.'-l-.i.rt. Bids cm tea. coffee asd etisai
r^u»t be nunSt en rarcpie* ptsfcmltted. No btdi
• ill be r*^«-}\eil from r^artles who are not
rtKvlar Aealer* in and carryir.r stock ©r buj?-
j:!l«* c>r. whi'-Ji they f.M. nach bidder must
acccir.pary his bid Tritii a ctrtiiled chect
upca *or=e «tU-kaown and r*?pcr;»Sble bank-
lnj:-hcu*« trr 9 \ least 10 rer cent cf th«
ir..j.r.t of ; « bid. payable to C Masos
KSitc«- treasurer, condlsicCil that the biddei
will *nter Ir.to m. rood «n-J vn-lld contract
upon r-ctlce cf * rceptar.ee, os required by law.
The beard rest-rves the rteht to reject any oi
aJJ bid*, and to order any <pjantlty ovrr ci
tiridrr the amount rrK-ciSrd. Addres* JOHN
\ y. {HEEHAW Setrttiry of the Board of Di.
* rectors of th» V»tcrans* Horr.e ct California,
ronr.. 12. S20 Si=sc=-.» street. San FrancUea,
Cal.^E3P*>V .........;
H>- order cf the Bosn! of Directors.
JOHN F. EHEEHA5I, SecreUry.
V \ ::"rRAKCISCO. Ca\. November 2t5. 19C3. -
feoalcd iropesa!*. ia triplicate, tv31 be re-
reived here uctil 11 o'clock a. m.. Decesibci
2U. 1SKJ3. and ti>es openej t or .f amWnlm: and
t rrctinK - a 5fl.<."»0-CE!lcn - tank ¦ . *ei 50-foot
trertir ct Fort ilason. Cal. a-rreruracnt re-
«*r%-«* rlctit to rej«t or «vM any or all
M5s In whole T in part. Ir.roinatton fur-
Blflied en appHcatim to TV1I. E. PATTEN,
Assistant Quarterns* tor General. Clilef C iL
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ d^nce, 2333 Leavenwcrth rtreet. Interment
privatt. Please emit flowers. *
WALSH — In thi? city. November 25. 1903.
- Julia, beloved wife of the late Stephen C
Walsh and mother of Nicholas. Frank and
Hose Walsh. Mrs. W. A. Blakely and the
late Steohen and Julia Wal«a.
C7"The funeral will taVa place to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, : from the parlors of
J C* O'Connor & Co.. 767, Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church for services at
11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
by 11:40 o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets.
WENZEL — In this city, November 26. 1903,
George L., beloved hu.-bancl of Emllie Wen-
zel, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged M
years and 0 months.
inrFrfends and acquaintances are r*spect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 309 Fulton street, between Franklin
and Gou^h, and thence by electric funeral
car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 2 . o'clock to Mount Olivet Cemetery for
interment. Please omit flowers. Interment
private.
WESTERFELD— In thi* city. November 26.
1903, Loul« -Westerfeld, beloved father of
Mrs. Eturna Hertel. Mrs. Ida L. Ankele.
Cart Westerfeld and H. William Westerfeld,
a native of Germany, aged 77 years 9 months
and 14 days.
C7Friends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. November 28, 1W03. at 2 o'clock,
at 1003 Geary street. 'Incineration Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
WETTMANN— In this city, November 25, 1903.
George Alfred, beloved husband of Ella
Wettmann, son of the late Catherine Hen-
nlg, and brother of Mrs. Amelia BarzellottI
and Frenk Glltner. a native of 3/daey, Aus-
tralia, aged 39 yeari>.
C7Reioains at (he mortuary chapel cf
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montsomery avenue.
Funeral orivate. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
lan<l. a native of County Galway. Ireland.
cfrTfce runeral will take place Saturday,
November 2^, at S:SO o'clock, from her late
residence, WJ Haleht street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
nii> s>- . will be celebrated - for the repoee of
her »ou!. ccrnm?ncine at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIBSON— In this city. November 20, 1903.
Georgrie Gibson, beloved daughter of the late
• Jessie A. Gibson, and sister of Mrs. Flora J.
Stone Mr*. Isabellee 1>- Hammerson and
Frank J. Campbell, a' native of San Fran-^
rlsco. aeed 22 years 3 months and 25 days.
GRUNDELL, — In this city, November 2C, 1903.
Thomas Oswald Grundell, beloved husband
' of Florence Grundell, and brother of Charles,
Hubert, Richard and Frederick Grundell,
Mrs. Corbett. Mrs. Swabel and Mrs. Krelg,
a native of Canada. a*ed 33 years.
(^•Remains at the parlors of J. S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. Notice of funeral
- hereafter.
HAMMERSCHLAG — In this city, November
26, 1SKKJ, Franci* J.. beloved Eon of Andrew
J. and Maggie Hammerschlag:, a native of
: San Francisco, aged 2 months -and 1 day.
HANSON— In Alameda. November 25. 1908.
Annie E. Hsnaon. beloved wife of Henry L.
Hanson, mother of Anette E. and Harry L.
Hanson, and sifter of Mrs. Mary Manning.
Mrs. Jennie McFartand," William B., Henry
M. and Joftn T. Smith and the late Mrs. C.
Haritwen, a native of San Francisco, aged
52 years and 5 months.
., icr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral services
Saturday November 2S. 1003. at 1 o'clock,
at the residence, 2517 San Jose avenue,
thence to the Episcopal Church, corner Grand
street and Santa Clara avenue, at -1:30
o'clock, interment ¦ Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HUGHES — In this city. November 25, 190U,
Henry, beloved sen of John and Jennie
Hughes, brother of Thomas. Frank. James
and Thertta Hughes, and rrandchlld of
Thomas Rn<5 the late Theresa Riley, a na-'
tlve cf fcan Francisco, aged 10 years 7
months and 1J> days.
E7Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at if.'JO o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 20 Geneva street, off
Brannan. between Sixth and Seventh, thence
to St. Rose's Church for services, commenc-
ing at 10 -o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' ¦
ISAACS— In this city, November 26, 1903, Abi-
gail, beloved wife of L L. Isaacs, mother of
Ruth. Myrtle and the late Gentve Isaacs,
and daughter of the late Hannah Horgan, a
native of California, aged 29 years 11 months
and 20 days.
JEHU— In Alameda. November 24, 1903. Wil-
liam 11. Jehu, a native of Wales, aged TO
years and 10 months.
THE funeral services of W. H. Jehu, a mem-
ber of Lincoln Pest No. 1, G. A. R., will b«
held at Weaver's undertaking parlors. Park
street, between Santa Clara and Railroad
avenues, Alameda. on Friday, November 27.
1903, at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Lincoln Post No. 1. All comrades of the
G. A. R. are respectfully invited to attend.
KELLEY— In this city, November 24. 1903.
Catherine, beloved mother of Michael J..
\rilliam J. and Catherine Kelley. a native
of County Mayo, Ireland, aged C2 years.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 6:45 o'clock, from the parlor*
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
eion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church.
. where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the r*r«08e of h»r soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
LANGERON— In this city, November 26, 1903.
Ernestine Langeron, beloved mother of
Charles A. Dumond, and mother-in-law of
Mrs. Charles A. Dumond, a native of France,
aged C5 years 2 months and 3 day*.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
LOWER— In this 'city. November 23. 1903.
John Edgar Jjbwer, eon of Edward Lower,
a native of Ohio, aged 39 years. A member
of Court Richmond No. SO, Forester* .of
America, and a member of Golden Gate
Branch No. 214, National Association of Let-
tercarrlers
C7"Rem4iins at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Comoany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
McDONELL— In Alameda, November 24, 1903,
Anna Marie, beloved wife of Captain E. R.
McDonell. a native of Sweden, aged 31 years
and 3 months.
CXFrier.-U and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitc-d to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 28, 1903, at 11 o'clock,
at the residence, 1041 Railroad avenue, Ala-
meda. Interment orivate, Mountain Vl«w
Cemetery.
MARTIN — In Alameda. November 26, 1903.
Margaret Marcella M-irtin. beloved daughter
of Patnck and Lena Martin, sister of Eddie.
May and Helen Martin, and granddaughter
of the late Patrick and Ellen Desmond of
LiveTmore, a native of El Paso, Texas, agea
4 yt-ars 7 months and 16 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 2-S. 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, from the
parents' " residence, 1615 Stanton street,
theirce to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
OHRT— In this city. November 26. 1003. en-
tered into rest. Gustav Adolph, loving son of
Mrs. Acne and the late Adolph Ohrt, and
nephew of Robert and- Curtis Winchester, a
native 'of San Francisco, aged 34 years 6
months and 13 days. A member of SeattJ*
Aerie No. 1.
E/'Fi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral services
Sunday, "November 29, 19U3, at 2 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co.,
429. Golden Gate avenue, between Larkln and
Polk street*. Cremation in Odd Fellow* 1
Cemetery.
PALMER— Entered into rest, November 11.
190S. at San Rafael. Cal., Edith, wife of
Captain Charles D. Palmer, late assistant
quartermaster, U. S. A., and beloved daugh-
ter of Colonel William E. and Geraldine
Howard Birkhlmer, aared 25 years 4 months
and 11 days.
ErPrlvate sen-ices at San P.afael, Novem-
ber 27. and Interment at Arlington Ceme-
tery. Virginia.
PILZ— In this city, November 25, 1903. Mrs.
Emily P112. beloved sister of Jane Dodd, a
native of England, aged 49 years.
RAINEY — Entered Into rest. In this city, No-
vember 25. 1&03, Samuel, beloved husband
,, of Mary A. Ramey, and brother of William
S. and George E. Rainey and Mrs C H
Hewitt, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
Ui years 3 months and 22 days.
tC7Trle:ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1109 Golden Gate avenue/:- Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special train
leaving Third and Townsend street* at 3:35
o'clock.
ROSNER— In this city. November 26. 1903,
Slgmund, beloved husband of Lizzie Rosner
beloved father of Hattie and Sidney Rosner.
and brother of Mrs. E. Shfyer and Mrs. 1.
H. Goldmeyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 41 years 5 months and 26 days.
CTTriend." 6nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
? Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1116 McAllister street, and thence by
electric funeral car lf-aving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock to New Salem
Cemetery for Interment.
ROSS — In this city, November 25. 1903, Bert
C, beloved son of Albert E. and Mary E.
Ross, and brother of lone, Irma, Leola and
Stanley Rosa and Mrs. Alfred S»ale a na-
tive of California, aged 23 years 7 months
and ' 12 days.
¦i E7"Serv!ces to-morrow (Saturday) at 11
o'clock, at the chapel of the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
SCHMOLL— In Belmont. Cal.. Novemter 25
1903. John Schmoll, a native of Germany,
aged S4 years.
ETFuneral will tnk* place from his late
residence ar Bcirnnnt Friday. November 27,
at 11 o'clock, thence taking 12:11 o'clock
train for Interment at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
SCRAMAGLIA— In Colma. Pan Mateo County.
November 20, 1903. Loufktk. dearly beloved
daughter of Giovanni and Caterina Scram-
aglia, and sister of Joseph, Louis. Emillo
Frank. Jorephlne. Adelaide. Virginia and
Eda Scramaella and Mr*. Mary Merlo. a
native of Coima, Cal., aged 7 rears 2 months
and 17 days.
VON DER MEHDEN— In this city, November
••4 19Oj. William von der Mehden. beloved
husband ej the late Sadie von der Mehden.
beloved Wjn of Louis and Mary von der
Mehden. and brother of Louis von der Meh-
den Jr. and Mrs. Charles Werner, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years
10 months and 24 days. a member
of Presidio Parlor No. 194. N. S. G. W. ; the
Musicians' Mutual J Protective Union, and
the First New York Regiment, tt S, Volun-
teers. (Boston and ¦ Albany papers please
copy.) g
ETTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
J8g: 0r.R.L,Wal8li
/wA^J at ail formir tfflcw •"' !
% V 847 Geary St
IL'Kt'y opjsthe Saratoga Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days \
Painless Extraction . > .V.. .25c •!
Fillings . ..... . . .... 50c |
Crowns ... . . . $2,00 to 55.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to; $25.00
COOK rCB THIS AD. EACH 01EXB DAT.
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
.WHO FINALLY WINS
PRETTY MADGE STAIR?¦Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery- Ed
ward S. Knowles, 24 Second st., Main 593. •
It's good all the way -through- — Patto-'
slen'B furniture. See our_window display
of dining-room ' furniture and note the
prices.- It paystobuy for cash in • the
Mission, Pattoslen Co., 16th & Mission.*
The annual competitive meetings of
the Welsh Sunday schools of this city
and Oakland were held yesterday aft
ernoon and evening at the Welsh
Church on Fourteenth street. The pro
grammes consisted of music, literature,
poetry and art contests.
Welsh in Competitive Meeting.
An article on California in' December
Four-Track News, : a : ; beautifully ¦ ; illus
trated and extremely interesting maga
zine. For sale at news dealers.
Joe Tinman, 16 years of age, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Policemen Ruggles and Krueger on a
charge of burglary. The officers saw
Tipman and" three other boys at Sec
ond and Market streets about 3 o'clock
in the morning. Tipman had three um
brellas in his possession and two of the
other boys had one each. Tipman was
arrested, but the other three escaped.
It was ascertained that the boys had
broken into . the Emporium Umbrella
factory," 332% Bush street, and had
stolen the umbrellas. The police have
the names of the other three boys.
Umbrella Factory Bobbed.
takes first to human milk: that failing,
the mother turns at i once. to cow's milk
as the best substitute. Borden's , Eagle
Brand Condensed Milk is- a cow's milk
scientifically adapted to the human In
fant. Stood flrat for forty-five years •
The Infant
Mrs. Clara Foltz. attorney at law, has re
moved to the Mills building- Phone. Front OS. •
The entire contract for this work has
been let to John I. Mitrovich. The cost
of the buildlnc when completed will
reach $20,000. The church will have a
large basement above the ground line,
which will be utilized for a school and
auditorium for entertainments. The
church proper Is placed twelve feet
above the street level. The facade will
be the full width of ,the lot, balanced
on either side with twin towers, rising
to a height of eighty feet above the
street level. The front is designed in
Italian renaissance and the "Interior is
to be carried out in the same style.
The foundations, for the Roman
Catholic Slavonian Church of Nativity,
situated on the north - side of Feli
street, . between Gough and Franklin
streets, have been completed and the
contract for the frame superstructure
let. The .work will be continued with
out Interruption from this date to com
pletion. '"¦
Stately Edifice to Be Erected on Fell
Street Near Qdugh to Cost
$20,000.
FOUNDATIONS FOB NEW
, SLAV CHXTRCH ABE LAID
Reception committee — Esther Rosenbaum, N.
G., chairman: Minna Simon, P. N. G. ; Lizzie
Galvin, treasurer; Mtna Dallman. P. N. G.: A.
Oberdeen^F, P. N. G.; Bessie McDonald: Mrs.
Vaupell. P. N. G.; Ella McMillan. Rose Harris.
Alvlne Corlnson. Ida O'Neil. Florence Pilser.
I. Simon. Dora Roth: E. Viola Baker. V.. G.;
Mrs. E. North. P. N. G. Floor manager — M.
A. Samuels. Assistant floor managers — Cora
Levin. Martha Goldberg;. Lizzie McMillan.
Floor committee — Rose Hoffmar, Bose Kalisky,
Sadie Mund. Bertha Beck. Lydla Burdlck. H.
Rattner. J. Corinson.
California Rebekah Lodge of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows gave a
Thanksgiving eve ball in Golden Gate
Hall last Wednesday evening. The hall
was beautifully decorated with the col
ors of the order judiciously distributed
on the galleries and depending from a
delicate centerpiece. There were many
In attendance who enjoyed a well ar
ranged programme of dances, ten in
number, with four extras. The func
tion was under the supervision of the
following members of the lodge:
Rebekah Lodge Ball.
Had the celebrated Dr. Johnston lived
in these days he would" have recommend
ed all invalids to have their food cooked
on a gas range. We sell them. S F
Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
Some neighbors who were attracted
by the smoke wanted to turn in an
alarm for the" flre department, but the
women flre fighters said it was not
needed. The was • so I badly
scorched that it will have -to be re
built. •
The fire broke out at the breakfast
hour this morning. Mrs. Clark first
discovered the smoke coming from be
neath the wainscoting back of the
kitchen stove. In a few minutes the
flames" burst out and began licking up
the woodwork. But nothing daunted,
Mrs. Clark secured an ax and began
chopping away the wainscoting to find
the seat of the fire. Then Mrs. Stouder
arrived on the scene and a flre brigade
was formed in a hurry: She' filled the
buckets of water and handed them to
her companion, who doused the con
tents on the flre. Before very long the
blaze was out and the house saved
from destruction.
Two society women, Mrs. D. E. Clark
and Mrs. A. L. Stouder, turned fire
men this morning and put out a flre
in the house they occupy at 2132 Uni
versity avenue. The blaze was about
to burn the roof over their, heads. Un
aided and without losing their presence
of mind they went to work with an ax
and buckets of water and soon had the
flames under control.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 26.
The local Chamber of Commerce has
granted permission to its personal rep
resentative at Washington to aid the
promoters of the project, so the com
mittee feels hopeful that the preserva
tion of the big trees is an assured fact.
The members of the council of this
State are Governor George C. Pardee,
Judge W. W. Morrow, Warren Olney,
Mayor of Oakland; James T>. Phelan,
Eli H. Weil, John P. Irish. R. H. R.
McNoble, Grand President N. S. G. W.;
Albert Kinney, Los Angeles; Miss
Finkeldey, grand president N. D. G.
W.; Mrs. Belinda S. Bailey, national
president of the Ladies of the G. A. R.,
and Miss Mabel A. Ayer, president
National Sunshine Society.
WILL AID THE PBOJECT.
agitated in the public press so that a
popular sentiment may be created in
its favor.
Put Down Threatening
Blaze Without Aid
of Others.
SOCIETY WOMEN
FIGHT FIRES
Mrs. Robert Logan left on "Wednes
day to spend the Thanksgiving holi
days with her father, J. M. Daggs of
Hanford. b. >
• ' •'• •
The bride wore a dainty gown of
white filmy crepe and "a white picture
hat. She carried white , iris. Miss
Wanno Burnham, maid of honor, was
attired In a gown' of champagne color
with garniture of nasturtium velvet
and hat to match. She carried autumn
leaves. Dr. Harry Graham attended
the groom and Mr. Willard was usher.
Mrs. Clark Burnham, an aunt of the
bride, wore a quaint gown of. violet
silk and lace with hat ' of the same
color.
After the marriage a breakfast was
served for the wedding party at the
home of Dr. and Mrs. Clark Burnham,
1121 Devisadero street. During the
reception, from 3 to 5 o'clock at the
Burnham residence, 150 guests were re
ceived. Dr. and Mrs. Legge will reside
at McCloud, after a short wedding
trip.
There was a pretty, little wedding at
the Church of the Advent on Wednes
day at high noon, when -Miss Rene
Farjeon became the bride of Dr. Rob
ert Thomas Legge. Father Lathrop
performed the ceremony.
I at 10 a. m., the Reverend Father New
ell officiating: The young couple made
a striking appearance as they ap
peared at the sacred altar, both being
tall and handsome. The bride, who
is a graceful brunette, was gowned in
pearl gray silk. She was born in Oak
land, where her family resides, and is
a highly accomplished young lady.
She graduated a few years ago from
the Sacred Heart Convent and for the
last few years has been a teacher in
Humboldt County.
The groom was born and educated in
Humboldt County, where he has spent
most of his time, being secretary and
manager of a large redwood manufact
uring company. He has for the last
few years been connected with the
Pacific Redwood Shingle Association,
which comprises all the mills, of-Hum
boldt; and Mendoclno counties, with
headquarters -in the Rialto building',
New Montgomery street. • He is a
bright young . business , man ' and his
honesty and integrity are recognized by
all who have 'had dealings with him.
The young couple ' departed on the
Owl last evening for \Los Angeles and
Pasadena, where they will spend their
honeymoon, and -on their return will
go housekeeping in the groom's home
at 2626 Sacramento street. :
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE OF SAUSALITO, WELL KNOWN ALSO IN
THIS CITY, WHOSE ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED BY
THE PARENTS OF THE? BRIDE-TO-BE. - - -
conducted a summer resort at Ben
Lomond."
ered before. It was my mother's de
sire that I should assume this attire.
I was a twin, the other child being a
male. When I was 26 my twin brother
died and at my mother's request I
doncied male attire. For twelve years
I lived in NewSouth Wales. There I
was managing a hotel and conducting
an agency. All this time I was in
male attire. For a year and a half I
Alexander H. Kerr. a leading whole
sale*'grocer of Porjtland, Or., is regis
tered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Coroner's office was notified and
Deputies Brown and Davis conveyed
the bodr to the Morgue. From the
Chutes' management it was learned
that Becker attempted to climb tHe
gate r-Ta previous* occasion and was
taken be<ore> Manager Levy by one of
the.speeial policemen. He was allowed
to go after receiving a warning to re
frain from such practices.
o'clock. Upon arriving at the pleasure
resort he found that ttae free section of
the theater was crowded, and in ac
cordance with the rules of the manage
ment the iron gate at the entrance to
the bridge which leads to the gallery
was closed. He thereupon ascended the
stairs leading to the upper promenade
and climbed the gate. In so dcin^ ire
grasped one of the gatepost ornaments
for support. It gav5 way and a fall of
twenty feet resulted. "
Becker struck on his head. The acci
dent occurred immediately in front of
the tunnel entrance . to the reserved
sectfcm of the theater. It is regarded
as miraculous that no one was injured
by the faling body as the usual holiday
crowd was filing through the tunnel.
The tragedy occasioned much excite
ment, and it. was with difficulty that
the body was removed through the
crowd to the office.
The boy resided with his parents at
13fe' Parker avenue and was employed
by the Illinois Pacific Glass Company.
He left his home for the Chutes about 7
Carl Becker, a 16-year old boy, met a
tragic death at the Chutes last night by
falling a distance of twenty feet while
trying to climb an iron gate leading to
the gallery of the theater. The unfor
tunate lad struck on his head. A frac
tured skull, a broken neck and instan
taneous depth resulted.
"I knew Matson ;syell, ff saiu Anthony
yesterday, speaking of the prisoner as
if she were a man. "(fie had become
engaged to be married to a teacher in
Los Gatos and had got all her money
vn the promise that he would marry
her. She founcGou£ tilat- Matson was
a woman and demanded the return of
her money, which Va-, refused,' She
procured a warrant f<>? Matson's-.arrest
on the charge of obtaining mor\ey by
false pretense and I arrested him after
a hard fight on January 14, 1895, at 103
Larkin street, where he was then liv-"
ing. He was sent to Ik,s Gatos and I
learned afterward that »is friends
came to his rescue and paid the teacher
the money Matscyi had obtained from
her. Matson haVbeen receiving" regu
lar monthly remittances from England.
I am satisfied that Matson is a woman, |
but prefers to wear man's attire.",. ;
This is not the first time the woman i
has been arrested. In January? 1895, I
she was takep int« custody on a war
rant Bworn to by~ a resident of Los
Gatos, charging her with- an offense
rirr.ilar to the one she is now charged i
with. Shp was arrested, taken to San J
Jose and placed among the male pris- '
oners. Af soon as ue officers learned
her sex. she was removed to a sepa
rate apartment. At that time she ad
mitted her identity.
SIXTEEN YEAHS AS A MAN.
"I have been constantly in mascu
line garb for sixteen years," she said
at the time, "and I n<« v er was discov
ered or even in danger of being discov-
MAKES LOVE TO WOMAN.
Incarcerated in the City Prison is^a
woman who persists in claiming sS«
is a man. Her name is Louisa Matson
and for the last twenty-five years she
h.is been masquerading in male attire,
hobnobbing with men and enjoying all
the liberty of the sternO eex. She is
being held on a warrant chargi^f her
with obtaining money under false pi'
tenses. Mrs. John P^Jtee. president of
the Universe J gprvice Society, »- the
complaining 'witness she r'leges
Louisa has been s$ciUig subscrip
tions from storekeepers and others for
••James Bryant, a young married man
with two children, dying from con
sumption at 608 Nafcoma street." An
investigation quie&y disclosed the fact
that "James Bryant" 5J.as a Jnyth. •
Louisa is accused fef appropriating
the money to her own&ise. Detective
Anthony identified the prisoner as a
person he had arrested years ago.
Arthony was positive the,7T*,oner was
a woman and rh» denied Jt.
Senator Henry Cabot Lodge of Mass
achusetts writes that he will secure
the presentation of the bill in the upper
house and give it his support. Secre
tary of Agriculture James M.' Wilson
says he will do everything to help in
what he calls a laudable project. Wil
liam R- Harper, president of the Uni
versity of Chicago, and Charles W.
Garfleld, president of the Michigan
State Forestry Commission, are also
among those who have pledged their
co-operation.
Governor Winfleld T. Durbin of Indi
ana sent a letter in which he suggests
the name of Will Freeman, ' Sjate For
ester for Indiana, for appointment as
a member of the council.
Grover Cleveland sent a communi
cation in which he urges that the
movement to preserve the big trees *be
Governor Peabody of Colorado writes
that he will be delighted to co-operate
in the movement, which he designates
as a worthy one. Governor J. G. Me-
Cullough of Vermont will do all in his
power to assist in the movement. Gov
ernor J. M. Terrell of Georgia says he
will do what he can, while Governor
Brodie of Arizona states that he will
see the President personally to enlist
his aid. Governor Pardee of Califor
nia says the big trees ought to be
saved and says he knows that Presi
dent Roosevelt is heartily in favor of
the plan.
SENATOR GIVES SUPPORT. ,
Already the petitions have been
signed by an aggregate of 150,000 sign
ers. As high as 25,000 signatures were
received in one day. The petitions will
be forwarded to the President as soon
as the country has been thoroughly
canvassed in that connection.
Letters were also sent to the Govern
ors of the various States and responses
were received in each case pledging
earnest and hearty support of the pro
ject. Governor Albert B. Cumming of
Iowa writes that he .will work for the
bill in question and that he will bring
It to the attention of the Committee on
Federal Relations in the Iowa Legis
lature. Governor Heyward of South
Carolina assures the committee of his
support and will enlist the aid of the
editors of the leading newspapers of
his State.
The Calaveras groves of big trees are the
property of private Individuals and are In
d.uiKer of deUruction.
Believing that these extraordinary trees
should be purchased by the Government and
converted into a public Dark for the use and
pleasure of the citizens of the world, and
Whereas, The two bills heretofore presented
fcrr the purchase of the big trees have not been
allowed, to come up In the House of Represen
tatives, therefore, the Calavera* Bijf Tree Com
mittee and the citizens of California and else
where petition you as the head of the nation
to do all in your power to advance the in
tercpts^ cf the Calaveras big tree bill now
peMllug In Congress.
MRS. LOVELL WHITE,
President Outdoor Art League.
MANY SIGN PETITIONS.
Supplementary to the forming of the
State councils, petitions are being cir
culated throughout the United States
for presentation to President Roose
velt, requesting the nation's chief ex
ecutive to aid in preserving the Cala
veras big trees. The petition follows:
APPEAL TO PRESIDENT.
The Calaveras big tree committee
of the Outdoor Art League of Califor
nia, is meeting with signal success in
its effort to institute a national move
ment for the preservation ol the Cala
veras big trees. Mrs. Lovell White,
chairman of the committee and presi
dent of the league, is in receipt of
many letters from the chief executives
of a number of States, from United
States Senators and from men promi
nent in the work of forestry, all of
whom promise their hearty co-opera
tion in the plan to have the Govern
ment purchase the giant grove with
a view to its perpetual preservation.
A bill for the purchase of the trees
has already been presented by Con
gressmen J. N. Gillette, J. C. Need
ham and the California delegation.
Former bills were approved by the
Public Lands Committee and were
passed by the Senate, but they failed
to secure a hearing in the House of
Representatives. Therefore, the Out
door Art League has resolved to make
the preservation of the Calaveras
groves a national affair. To this end
a council is being organized to consist
of Influential men and women in each
State, whose purpose is to aid in form
ing a strong Congressional committee,
whose duty shall be to act in conjunc
tion with the California Representa
tives in devising ways and means for
securing the passage of the big tree
bill.
Is Arrested on Charge of
Obtaining Money by
False Pretenses.
Carl Becker Fatally iDJured
While o Climbing Over
Iron Gate.
The marriage of ' Mr. William F.
Snyder and Miss Rose Nolan was sol
emnized at a very pretty wedding at
St. Dominic's Catholic Church, corner
of Steiner and Bush streets, yesterday
An engagement was announced at a
home dinner last evening which will be
of interest to society on both sides ot
the bay. The principals are Miss Zelda
Tiffany and William R. Harrison, who
made known their happy secret at a
dinner given by the mother of the
bride, Mrs. W. Z. Tiffany, at Sausalito.
Miss Tiffany is a nieqe of Mrs. John F.
Merrill. The groom-elect is a son of
Mrs. Henry Sperry, arid his brother be
came a benedict only a few months
ago. No date is set for the wedding.
Tragedy Takes Place
at Pleasure Re°
sort.
Louisa Matson, Dressed
as Male, Occupies
CelL
Several Governors * Pledge
Aid for , Bill to Buy
Calaveras Grove.
Effort Meets With the
Approval of Influ
ential Men.
SUPPOSED MAN
PROVES WOMAN
BOY PLUNGES
TO HIS DEATH
PLAN TO SAVE
THE BIG TREES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1903.
Engagement of Miss Zelda Tiffany and W.
R. Harrison Announced Before Friends
Gathered at Home of Bride's Mother
DINNER GUESTS PLEASED
BY NEWS OF BETROTHAL
14
3PridaT^SatnTdajr^>t'Ort^ Hlrtt.
The Grccer "Who Passes Out Tradtnr
Stamps Either Swindles Ton or Robs
Himself . Thlnfe « Over M
LBS S5c.
CSSAMSST BUTTER. Melroie, sar..39o
Good Table Butter. Usual Size. Keg. 43c.
__^ 25c PL.CM FUDDIN'gT ]20JeT~^"~
CAI,. STOBE EGOS, dozen 35o
Guaranteed Bright and 8ound.
ALL CONDENSED SOUP. 3 CANS 2ScT**
WHITE riGS. I.arjre and Juicy; lb So
New Mountain Figs. Fine Elating.
i:oc.
EOYAL BAKING POWDER, lb. can rrl-
day 36o
With Trading Stamps it Will CoatTou4So.
AlX~CREAAt3. 3 C.VNS
FBENCH SARDINES. Imported, can. . 9o
In OHve Oil. %Vhy Pay 6c Morg to Get Stamps?
L.ARGF PtJJL PICKL^. 4 FOR 6c.
rAIBBANK'S SOAP, 11 bars. 250
Dandy Laundry Soap. W'tth Trading Stamps
YouGet a. „__.._______..„
63c BOTTLE gAUTERNE 4Oc.
TABLE PRXJITS, 3-lb. Cans 10O
White Clover — Peaches Pears, Aprtcou.
yorthjta VtC.
VIENNA COPriSE. lb ?5O A
' ??!--¦ -"pp 8 - -°? etj . y i'. 11 . 8 _ ai ? ir> * ° r -^ | A h -^~^s?
5Oc GALLON^UyE^^VrTLS^TpER^ff*""^
ENGLISH TABLET JEL1T, 15c-pkX-. So
For Fancy Desserts. 8 Flavors. Better Than
Jell-O or Bromanfrelon.
With Trading Stamps You Pay 15c- nj
..".Or GLASS JAR OF^PEARS^lVc^^^
JESSE MOORE or MOHOOBAM AA.
qt bot • * So
Best Known Brands of Whisky— With Stampa
JjCjOrnXJVAJVHISKT JM»C. __
PORT or SHEBBY. *al. . .630
Excellent Wjne«. You iJtaveJNwjy Half.
"^IST^S^HiMi-.
Choice of Branda. All Sizes.
SELECT StrOAB-CITBEB HAMS, per
lb X4O
Stamp Grocers Will Charge You ISc.
1001 FILLMORE ST. H9 TAYLOR ST.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S obcat4
OF ANATOMY^
\ Hr The Lart«*< An»tomie«l Muscaw '» **> e \
Q w <"lA wiitaenet at *»y cmuracied Q
O IS SI b P« cuiston tlleCo »«- E»t 3*y«« v VI
h flSfSf J DR. JCHDAH-DISEASES OF MEH A
\ VA'33f$j$ Con«ult»oon free »nd jtri'lly *"'»"»• \
M I J*& B Treatment perwn»lly nt b» letter. A H
\ m fir Tin '*'*• ft™" «•»!» oi««rteial«. T
A P if II A Writtfot Bxk.pait««or«1f«f j)
"Ml 11^ MMaiACC. MA1LBO F*sa. (AT
¦1 Q ly. »»hublebook far nvn) ,' ._ \
¥ SB. JOBDAS * CO.. 1051 MsrtitSL.9. P. ¥
tf*% B I A B tf% Ammunition. Iluntlnc .ad
IM RlV SportinK Goods. Largest
H.E ] |\| mock. l»we»t prices. Send
UUSlO ZffiR&sB'
Kearny at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
V7e Offer Oar Entire Extra Tinm Col.
lection ot
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
Discount irom resrnlar letall prliei.
We are sole agent? for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Friday and
Sat u.-r day
Sale of Shoes
I O-DAY and to-morrow fs your opportunity to buy the very best
Tsrrade of footwear sold • in San Francisco at prices which are
so far below what you have been in the habit of paying that
you will wonder how such shoe selling is within the limits of
. profitable nwrchandising.
' ' Kaufmann's weekly sales are now known as money savers
to many shoe buyers lrr this city — well known because Kauf-
mann s shoes are always good shoas. and when we have a sale it is
always well worth the time to visit the store and see if the items ad-
vertised are what you want.
We carry all lines, and every one well worth the regular prices —
to-day and Saturday special prices which will enable you to save
some Christmas money.
Flannel Lined Slippers for 60c
Children's and mlssos' Flippers; ,£3E^'¥l5»'aF*«5l$ft2^few.
red felt, flannel lined, trimmed with fgg/^ mB^^HH
fur: a delightfully comfortable '¦¦SBifliiflKaB*'
little house slipper that you will r t u i n a« ««
pay 75c or $1 00 for at other stores. FreflCD Heel ROffleOS. $1.30
Sizes 5 to 8 60c • . " Y w
Sizes S>4 to 11 65c Ladies red. black or brown satin
Sizes ll l /i to 2.... 70c Romeos, with leather or French
_ . -_ heels. A very swell Romeo. Spe-
Romeos for 65c cial sale^^Ts ro« $v.6i; 1 91M
Children's and misses' red satin Ladies' red felt Juliets and Ro-
qullted Romeos. Flannel lined and meos, with or without elastic sides
trimmed with fancy fur. Special and kid tips. Very prettily orna-
saie price Friday ayid Saturday: mented. Special sale price. .. .f 1.05
Sizes 2 to 6 65c Ladies' Box Calf Shoes. 82.10
Sizes 6 to 8 80c Ladies' box calf lace shoes, with
Sizes 8'4 to 11 90c extended soles; a strong, durable
Sizes 11% to 2.... S1.05 shoe, which we guarantee to wear
w r* • en « r»i well, or we will give you a new
Low Prices for Boys Shoes 10
Boys' and youths' satin calf lace Indies' fine vlcl kid or patent
•shoes. A very strong shoe for the leather lace shoes, with light or
young man, yet stylish and of good extended soles. A shoe that sells all
appearance. Soles are held secure- over San Francisco for as high as
ly by the aid of a great number of $3.50 a pair and worth every cent
pinhead nails. of It. Friday and Saturday's spe-
Bizes 9 to 13 81.15 cial sale price $3.65
Sizes 13% to 2... $1.35 Men's Slippers. 90c
Sizes 2% to 6%.. $1.65 Men's black kid slippers, with
n i n a a i At n very light soles: easy and com-
Boys Patent Leather Shoes Portable, special sa ie price 900
j; . 4W . , . m Better Slippers for Men. $1.30.
Boys and youths' lace shoes of Men's oxblood and black soft
patent leather, with a full, round calfskin slippers. Lined with white
toe. A very dressy shoe of ex- kid: one of the best slippers ever
traordinary value at our sale price: sold in this city. A slipper that
Sizes 9 to 13 $1.85 will give you good service and the
Sizes 13% to 2. .. .$2.15 price should certainly interest
Sizes 2% to 5 %... $2.35 you $1.30
Children's Leggings, 45C Mens^elour calf°face shoes, on
&& o ' a new very swell last, with heavy
Children s long black Jersey extended soles. A wet weather
Leggings. A regular snap at our shoe for style and quality. Special
special sale price of 45c price for Friday and Saturday.. $2.65
OUT-OF-TOWJT ORDERS TIIiIiED TES SAT KECEIVED.
* See our windows as you pass by, for all the shoes In this advertise-
ment are exhibited therein.
\P* Q3Z MARKET\s£&JV %&
GOOD vSMOJV®
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ . ...._.
|||g^ This is our First Boys'
] $%r^$h Overcoat Sale. Every &f&: ¦•i^5^^»
ipNiil mother should carefully
Nl?.: ; #vfk consider our great re-
felf^gj duction in Boys' and Mt&^$M
£:S;V.:f| Children's Overcoats.
IH'?^!®! Just look at these of- plfflf
W?£4$i0$ fers and you will see MM g||
&^$yM& where you can save Jra El
MJ J Such values as these m II
«W|v cannot be found else- JJ Sb^
yy*9gjj^ where
The Raglan.' ¦ — • The Reefer.
$6* 00 aifl 50 Overcoats, onr price $4- 75
$4-50 jg $5.50 overcoats, our price 50
$2- 00 anfl $2- 50 Overcoats, onr price $1- 50
Our Boys' Over- f^0^^^^^^ These Overcoats
coats are fashioned are or s rom
after the smartest '/^^^^^^\^ ' 2 K years .to 10
designs and latest years of age. •
cuts. , They come in the^
They are beau- latest colorings
tiful y finished and and x^ e greatest
gracefully shaped, assortment of fab-
exactly the same rics -
as the Overcoats Like all Brown
worn by the best Garments, they axre
dressed men in TW T j worthy of the
town. ; s / ' name.
OPEM SATURDAY EYEHIMG J^l ML WlinlowlDPO
TILL 10. O'CLOCK , Vf flDIoSalGrS DIRECT TO YOU
The Buster.
MILL TO Is/L-AJUT
516518 MARKET ST. hMhw.