PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 73.
BLACKLEGS SEEK TO MAKE
TOWN OF COLMA A PLAGUE
SPOT OF GAMBLING HELLS
Sell Jliflesto Insu
gents to Obtain
Food*
Turkish Troops in
Macedonia Are
Deserting.
Anxiety Over Dis*
appearance of
Mandelstam.
Not Heard From
After Starting
for Monastir.
SUCCESSOR OF MURDERED
RUSSIAN COMSUL FAILS TO
REACH HIS DESTINATION
Citizens Condemn
Conspirators'
Schemes.
Continued on Page 2, Column ' 1 .
lock, to be reported back by him at the
meeting of that body which is to be held
on the 17th of this month.
MAKE STRONG DEMANDS.
After setting forth the fact that none
of the territory sought for incorporation,
is at present under municipal govern
ment, the petition demands that the fol
lowing territory be turned over to the
municipality to be known as the town of
Colma: ',' r ; '
. Beginning at a point on the northern
boundary line of San Mateo County,
where said northern boundary line Is in
tersected by the line dividing the land
of the Concordla Land Company and the
land of the Crocker . estate (being at the
eastern boundary line of Jefferson School
district), and running thence west on and
along the said northern boundary line of
San Mateo County to the shore of the Pa
cific Ocean; thence southerly along the
shore of the Pacific Ocean to Its Intersec
tion with the northern boundary line of
Rancho San Pedro; thence easterly on a
straight line to the common corner of the
lands of Elizabeth McMahon, H. W.
Westphal and Flood & Mackay (betns the
most southerly corner of the land of Eliz
abeth McMahon) as shown on the "Of
ficial Map of San Mateo County, Califor
nia," approved by the Board of Super
visors of said county in August. 1334;
thence northeasterly along the line divid
ing the land of Elizabeth McMahon from
the lands of Flood & Mackay and of john
Lennon, and along the extension of said
dividing line to the northwesterly line of
the main county road to San Jose; thence
easterly crossing said road to the point of
intersection of the northeasterly line of
said 'county road with the line dividing
the- land of Holy Cross Cemetery and D.
Zudo (being the southeastern boundary
line of Holy Cross Cemetery); then north
easterly along said line, dividing the land
of the Holy Cross Cemetery and D. Zudo
to the northwestern boundary line of the
lands of the Abbey Homestead Associa
tion; thence southeasterly along said
southwestern boundary line of the lands
of the Abbey Homestead Association to
the most southerly corner of the lands of
the Abbey Homestead Association and
the western line of the land of the Crock
er estate; thence northerly, northwester
ly, southwesterly, northwesterly, north
easterly and northwesterly along the line
dividing the lands of the Abbey Home
stead Association from the land of the
Crocker estate, to the dividing line be
tween sections aevA (7) and eigTit (S), ia
township three (3) south, of range five
(5) west. Mount Diablo Base and Merid
ian; thence north on and along said di
viding line between said sections seven
(7) and eight (3). and along the divldins
line between sections five (5) and six (6),
ia township three (3) south, of range five
(5) west, to'the dividing line between the
lands of the Crocker estate and of Col
lins et al.; thence northeasterly alon?
said dividing line and along the dividing
line between the land of the Concordia
Land Company and the land of the Crock
er estate to the place of beginning.
ELECTORS' NAMES USED.
The petition bears the names of the fol
lowing alleged electors and residents of
the territory designated In the Instru
ment:
George C. Luce, J. T. Casey, 3. R. Thorn
ton, Will Horst, A. J. Spring, C. J. Ad
ams. Antone Sturla, Eugene Geary, Rob
ert Parkinson, James O'Connor. A. L.
EVwln, B. Engler, A. Stampanonl, J. W.
Johnson. Edward Oakes. B. Semlnoff
(His X Mark), M. J. l.»aloney, ; Steve
Waterdoll, Edward Parkinson, George
Sharrnan, James O'Regan, Patrick Callan.
J. H. Dennis, James Oakes. S. Belli.
Harry Pierce, Alphonso Giangi, A. F. De
camilli. Enrico Blgglo. Carlo Chiosso, V.
J. Hohruann, L. Lagomarsino, J. K.
Rodgers, T. Lagomarsino. J. T. Mc-
Carthy, Thos. Eagan (His X Mark), G.
Selicani, F. -C Kelly, Daniel Neville.
Michael S. Griffin, John H. Maloney.
Frank S. Knowles. John Blgglo. P. Jen
sen, Patrick Taylor, Joseph Smith, Pat-
>»GANG of pothouse , politicians.
£Jk0 blacklegs and gamblers have
JBjf launched a scheme whereby the
"^ ™ town of Colma Is to be made
a plague spot of vice and the
silent cities of the dead in its vicinity
are to be defiled by. the presence of open
gambling hells and poolrooms aX their,
very gates. '\ '¦'¦ ,•/>-¦• '¦¦'•
Not only do the gamblers plot to estab
lish their unsavory nests within a stone's
throw of the cemetery gates but under
the pretext of legitimate taxation for the
support of good municipal government
they have designed that the cemeteries
with their : countless habitations of the
dead shall pay the dole by w^ilch the
depravity of the living may be pandered
to. All of this is cunningly disguised
under the petition for the Incorporation
of the town of Colma as a city of the
sixth class, which is now in the hands of
the Supervisors of San Mateo County.
But in their zeal to accomplish their
purposes under the hollow sanction . of
the law the conspirators have revealed
their purposes by their very "acts. In
order that the town of Colma may sup
port a municipal sovernment the gam
blers have found It necessary to incor
porate in their demand a territory twelve
miles square, almost the area of San
Francisco. From the present site of Col
ma they have asked that the extent of
the incorporated city embrace a district
extending up to the southern boundary
ct San Francisco C«unty and west to the
sand wastes of the ocean. The taxes
from this vast tract of territory, added
to the blood money which would be ex
torted from nine cemeteries, would be
sufficient to maintain a municipal govern
ment, and thus give sanction. to the main
tenance of the gambling resorts.
BACKEB BY GAMBLERS.
' s But the five Supervisors to a man ad
mit that the scheme for the incorporation
of Colma Is the wcrk of San Francisco
gambTers, T working under the cover "of
agents In San Mateo County. They ac
knowledge that the incorporation of Col
ma will, be the signal for a rush of the
riffraff of San Francisco to the very gates
of the sacred places of the dead. They
have not the power to refuse a petition
signed by fifty bona fide taxpayers of the
district, but the option lies with them
to curtail the territory, demanded by the
petitioners. It now remains for the Su
pervisors of San Mateo County to so far
reduce the enormous area sought as to
render the support of a municipal gov
ernment out of th« question.
It is known that the gamblers have
been at work on their scheme for some
time. Several months ago Superintendent
E. B. McPherson of the Cypress Lawn
Cemetery was approached with the offer
of political-preferment if he would launch
the Incorporation movement. ¦ He refused,
and, shortly after R. S. Thornton, J. T.
Casey and George C. Luce appeared as
champions of the cause. On July 6a
petition was handed in to the Board of
Supervisors demanding Incorporation. For
some unaccountable reason this was later
withdrawn and a second submitted at the
meeting of the board held on August 3. '
-When this second Instrument was placed
In the hands" of the SuDervIsors it bore
the names of sixty-three reputed taxpay
ers of. the district. H. W. Brown, an
attorney ' living In Colma, protested to
the; petition on the grounds that It con
tained th« . names ; of several who were
not ; lesa I electors of the township. Act
ing on .his objection., the board referred
the matter. to' District Attorney J. J. Bul-
Afterward the widow was declared re
sponsible to thiSredltors of the company
for 100 cents on every dollars. Thus
while the company may be debarred from
recovering the balance of SO cents on
each share sold for 20 cents, the creditors
of the company are not so debarred, and
may appeal to the original purchasers
of the stock for. settlement.
Hundreds upon hundreds of oil mining
companies have been organized under the
laws of Arizona and most of these com
panies, especially those known as "wild
cat" corporations, have a'dvertlsed In
their prospectus that the stock was' not
assessable and If a share of stock of the
par value of 5100 is purchased for. two
bits or less, the purchaser'cannot be as
sessed '" for any • purpose. This Judge
Trask holds is not good In law ahd that
the man : who . paid two bits for; a share
of stock is liable for $100 of the debts of
the company, and that the same is'true
of 'every share of stock which he may
have purchased. . ; . . .
The effect of .such a. ruling upon the
thousands of persons who during the' oil
boom several years ago purchased stock
by the hundreds of shares. If the decision
be : affirmed : by. the Supreme .Court. Is
manifest, ;.for it gives the "creditors of
such companies -the means of collecting
In full'what .Is owed r arid what .Is more
they; can by ¦; application to . the courts
compel such corporations . to disclose the
names ; of the stockholders. ;' < -
"Fairbanks. Morse & Company
against A. A. arish, et al," is the title
of the suit that gave rise to this deci
sion. According to the facts brought out
a widow bought 40,000 shares of the stock
for J2CO0 with the understanding that the
stock was rion-asscssable. The company
soon spent the 52000 In trying to locate
an oil well and then the Investor, becom
ing frightened at the possibility of being
called upon to aid the defunct.' concern,
disposed of her stock to a niece for a
consideration. This was before any. suit
was brought against the company by any
of Its creditors.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 11.— If a decision
rendered by Superior Judge Trask is sus
tained by the Supreme Court it will be
of great importance to thousands of peo
ple throughout the State and upon many
of them it may have a serious effect
financially. In a word, the decision is to
the effect that the stockholders of a cor
poration are liable for the debts of that
corporation to the full amount of the par
value of their stock regardless of whether
such corporation Is organized" under the
laws of any other State, and that while
the corporation itself may not be able
to compel the payment of the full value
of the stock, the creditors of such cor
poration may do so.
Decision of Great Importance to
Investors Is Rendered at
Los Angeles.
Special Die patch to The Call.
RULING MAY AFFECT
MANY FINANCIALLY
About 3" o'clock this ! morning ';* con
tractor of Folsom,. who Is visiting the city,
appeared at the Central police station and re
ported that he had seen the three fugitive
convicts, "Redshirf* Gordon, Fabey. and
Woods, in the doorway of a houre in an
alley on Washington street, between Du
pont and Stockton. Detectives were at
once detailed to accompany the Folsom
man in a search for the fugitives. The
Chinatown squad was also notified to be on
the lookout. The Folsom man says he is
positive the men he saw were the convicts.
Would Incorporate
arid Tax Grave*
yards.
OFFICIALS WHO ARE TRYING
TO BLOCK SCHEMES OF
GAMBLERS.
Folsom Contractor
Notifies the
Police.
SEES THREE
CONVICTS IN
CHINATOWN
The scenes at the mouth of the tunnel
where the victims were brought forth
were of the most ! heart-rending descrip
tion — crowds of weeping men, women and
children struggling forward in an effort
to recognize their missing relatives and
friends. Most of the victims are from
the middle and working classes, as the
trains were^ carrying them home from
their woik. -Although the accident oc
curred at 8 o'clock last evening the offi
cials and firemen were unable to descend
into the tunnel this morning owing to the
blinding clouds of smoke from, the burn-
Ing train. Frequent attempts were' made
by heroic volunteers whom It was neces
sary to rescue, half^suffocatcd. "•:'
At ten minutes after 3 o'clock Sergeant
Ahrens, wearing a respirator, . succeeded
in making tho descent. He remained, sev
en minutes and brought the first Informa
tion to the effect that corpses were strewn
all about tho roadway in the tunnel.
Then he collapsed and was taken to : the
hospital. Twenty : minutes later firemen
forced their way down through the tunnel
station at Menllmontant and . returned
soon afterward with seven -bodies— three
m^n, two , young 'boys and two young
women. These persons had been asphyxi
ated as their positions showed they had
been groping their way through -the
smoke that filled -the" tunnel, -seeking a
way- to escape, .when they were overcome.
• The work of bringing iip the bodies went
on steadily, after' that under the persona!
While the two trains were burning a
third train approached from Fere \ la
Chaise. The officials at Menilmontant
warned the driver of the danger and he
at once reversed direction and went back
as quickly as possible, thus escaping with
all of his passengers.
WILD RUSH OF PASSENGERS.
Meanwhile another train came up from
Bellvillo behind the burning trains and
stopped at Les Couronnes just as .uu
smoke began to -enter the station from the
tunnel. Then the catastrophe occurred."
On seeing the smoke the passengers jump
ed to the station platform and :uced in
the direction of Menilmontant, trying to
make their way to the staircase at the
end. 'They were driven back by the
smoke toward the other end of fhe plat
form, where there is a white brick wail.
There they crowded together and later
seventy-five bodies were found there in
a heap.
Deserted by the flight for safety this
fourth train also took fire and was con
sumed. Many of the 'rlghtened passen
gers, seeing escape cut off, huddled in tha
cars and probably were suffocated N by
smoke before the flames reached them.
SCENES AT TUNNEL'S MOUTH.
Suddenly, . as the first carriage was
drawing into Menllmontant station, a vio
lent explosion occurred. Blue flame arose
between the carriage containing the mo
tor and the next one. In a few minutes
the whole sixteen carriages were fa sheet
of fire. The officials jumped to tlie rails
ahd fled toward the station. They were
just in time, as the flames had -already
reached the roof and walls of the tunnel.
Electric wires were fizzling and the tun
nel, except for the flames of the burning
vehicles, was in darkness.
Thick smoke began to enter Menilmon
tant station and also to roll toward Lea
Couronnes.
IGNORES THE WARNING.
The stationmaster at Lee Couronnes no
ticed small jets of flame arising from be
neath the carriages and catching the bot
toms of the. cars. He shouted to the
driver:
"Stop! You will not-ha\*e time to reach
ydTmJesttnaticm.-*^— •-¦/?.»¦ ?' _; >
"We shall get there all right," answered
the motorman.
The two trains then proceeded into the
tunnel, the officials shutting the doors.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— Paris is appalled— that
Is the only word that can describe the
feeling produced among the population by
the dread catastrophe of last night. When
access was gained this morning to the
stations of the underground railroad > at
the scene of the fires and subsequent
panic eighty-four bodies were foynd on
the platforms. As many persons were in
cinerated in the burning cars, it is proba
ble that the total number of dead will be
found to have been far in excess of one
hundred.
This is' how the catastrophe .occurred:
Train No. 43, on the Metropolitan Under
ground Railroad, consisting of eight
crowded carriages, coming from the i-orte
Daiuphine and going toward the Place de
la Nation, stopped at Boulevard Barbes,
owing to a slight accident to the motor.
Its passengers were landed. Then train
No. 52 came along. Its passengers also
got off. The two trains were- combined
and No. 52 pushed No. *3 toward the
workshops.
Herald Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 10C3, by the New York
Panic-Stricken Thousands
Throng Entrances to .
Subway.
Number of Victims* Is
in Excess of One
Hundred,
Horror of the Paris
Tunnel Tragedy
Grows,
DEAD LIE
IN HEAPS ON
PLATFORMS
Continued on Page 2, Column 0.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 11.— The Rus
rjan Ambassador at Constantinople tel
egraphs that uy command of the Sultan
the latter's son. Princi Ahmed Effendi.
called at the embassy to express the deep
distress and regret caused in the mind of
the Sultan by the murder of the Russian
Consul at Monastir and requested the
Embaseador to notify the Czar of this
second expression of the Sultan's sorrow.
Sultan Continues to Apologize.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 11.— Sensational
Wall street news came to Philadelphia
by wire* after the close of the market to
day. It accounts for the strength of
Reading. The message came from the
usually reliable house of Moore & Schley
to its Philadelphia correspondents.
The message said it wa3 reported in
Wall street that the Delaware and Hud
son Company and the Delaware," Lacka
wanna and Western Railroad Company
would guarantee a dividend of 4 per cent
en Reading common.
Ah arrangement of this sort would very
nearly complete an effectual community
of interest among the anthracite produc
ers and carriers. The report that th«
Reading will be leased indicates that J.
Pierpont Morgan may be about to con
summate his plans for a close union of
coal Interests. One reason for his delay
probably has been a desire to establish
the Reading's earning capacity to the sat
isfaction of the lessors.
The earnings are now eminently satis
factory. The Reading is paying a full
dividend of 4 per cent on first preferred
and Is believed to be able to pay the full
rate (4 per cent) on second- preferred also,
while it Is earning a handsome sum for
the common. It Is well known that the
Pennsylvania Railroad, through the Bal
timore and Ohio, and/the New York Cen
tral, through the Lake Shore, own large
amounts of Reading first and second pre-"
ferred stocks. Hence It would be im
possible for the lease of the Reading to be
made unless it met the approval of both
the Pennsylvania and the Central man
agements.
Both William Rockefeller and John D.
Rockefeller Jr. are directors of the Lack
awanna and these men are Gould's allies.
This proposed lease may be the first sign
of truce between the Pennsylvania and
Gould factions. It will be the first open
step whereby Gould's friends acquire an
interest In the Reading and the prospec
tive results have great possibilities, if it
develops that the Pennsylvania is to per
«inlf Gould to get into Philadelphia and
)Vew York over the Reading.'
tempting to prepare the mind of Europe
for a massacre of innocent Christians. '
General Tzconcheff, " president of the
Macedonian committee,' has addressed an
appeal to his adherents to assist the;in
surgents in Macedonia even by revolu
tionary means. *
Special Dispatch to Th$ CalL
TAFT GETS
ROOT'S POST
IN CABINET
The representatives of -the committee
also publish u. contradiction of the re-:
port of alleged atrocities committed by
Bulgarians and accuse the Turks of at-
The representatives of the Macedonian
revolutionary committee announce that
the revolution broke out in the vilayrt
of Uskub last Sunday and in the vilayet
of Adrianople on Monday. • Telegraphic
communication is Interrupted. Adria
nople forms the seventh revolutionary
district, with Chief GhirdJIkoff and Cap
tains Ikonomoff and Madjaroff . in com
mand.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 11.— The Pre
mier and the Minister of the Interior
have proceeded to Dubnitza with the in
tention of inspecting the Bulgarian posts
along the Macedonian frontier. This is
regarded as additional proof of the Gov
ernment's desire to maintain peace. It
is now said that Prince Ferdinand will
not return to Sofia until after his fete
day, August 15, as he wishes to show he
Is not responsible for the present situa
tion in Macedonia,
Men of All Political Parties Aiding
the Macedonians.
•
BULGARIANS BEYOND CONTBOL.
The Sultan has offered an indemnity of
140,000 to the widow of the late M. Roat
kovski. She is a member of the well
known Russian family of Muravieff, and
M. Rostkovski was related to the late
Prince Lobanoff. who was Russian Min
ister of Foreign Affairs; hence the anx
iety of the Turkish authorities to have
the matter satisfactorily settled with Rus
sia. Rostkovski was In disfavor with the
Turkish authorities in Monastir, owing^to
his persistence In investigating all the
fighting In the district
It is rumored , here that the Turkish
troor~ in Macedonia have become so de
moralized by their failure to receive pay
that hundreds of them are deserting and
selling their rifles to insurgents in oraer
to obtain provisions. "•;-.
appointed to succeed the late M.
Rostkovski. In spite of the refusal of
the Mutesarif (Governor) to givj him an
escort. Dr. Mandelstam insisted upon pro
reeding to his new post and, after refer
ring the matter to Hllml Pasha, the In
spector General, he obtained an escort
and started upon his own responsibility
across the country for Monastir. Noth
ing has been heard of him since. '
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 11.— Gre t
anxiety is felt for the safety of
Dr. Mandelstam, the acting Rus
sian Consul at Uskub, who was
OVETER BAT, I* I., Aug. 11.— Elihu
t Koot will resign as Secretary of War, the
resignation to take effect about the first
of next January. He will be succeeded
by Judge William H. Taft. now Gover
nor of the Philippines.
For a long time Secretary Root has de
cired, for pressing private reasons, to re
tire frcm the Cabinet. When Mr. Roose
velt became President, Secretary Root in
dicated his wish to leave the Cabinet
within a year, but his friendship for the
President and his interest in pending
questions before the War Department
caused him to remain for a longer period
than he had intended. Even now he has
rot Indicated to the President Just when
he may leave the Cabinet, but he and the
President have discussed the subject
many times and have a mutual under
standing regarding it.
It is expected that the Secretary will
not present his resignation to the Presi
dent before he leaves for England to take
up the work of the Alaskan boundary
commission. He has not presented his
resignation yet and has not informed the
President when he will present it. It can
be said that the President expects that
the country will have the benefit of Roofs
serxices for several months, certainly un
til the beginning of the next year.
That Governor Taft will be Root's suc
cessor as Secretary of War there can be
no doubt. He Is familiar with many of
the problems which the Secretary of War
v.-M have to meet and solve; he is a warm
personal friend of the President, who has
an abiding confidence in his ability and
patriotism, and it is understood that he
would welcome the change Involved.
Of course, his appointment as Secretary
of War would necessitate the appoint
ment of a new president of the Philippine
Commission. In all probability General
Luke Wright would succeed to the pres
idency of the commission, his work as a
member of the body having been eminent
ly satisfactory to the administration.
Home other changes would be involved in
the appointment of Governor Taft as Sec
retary cf^War, but nothing definite con
cerning them can be taid at this time.
FOREMOST BULGARIAN OF
FICIAL AND TYPICAL MACE
DONIAN SCENE.
GREAT TRUST
OF COLLIERS
AND CARRIERS
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
The San Francisco CallIn the leather goods department. Auto
mobile and Du Barry bags, Netsukl
purses, wrist bags in all leathers, trunks
valises, suit cases in carload varieties'
Canbnrn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Temptation in Prices
.. Reach Seventy-Five Thou
sanc^Dollars.
CINCINNATI, Aug. ll.-J. K. Brown,
cashier of the Union Bank at New Hol
land, has been missing since Saturday.
There was great excitement there to-day
among the depositors/ whose funds in the
bank approximate $200,dOO. : i,-i
The ' Union Bank safe was opened to
night by an expert and it contained only
$558 In gold and silver. The books. are. in
bad shape and the loss will aggregate
$75,000. • : .-•
Loss to Ohio Financial Concern Will
CASHIER DISAPPEARS
,. WITH FUNDS OF BANK
Princess Radziwill Goes Free.
CAPETOWN, South Africa, Aug. 11.—
Princess Radziwlll, who" was sentenced
to two years' Imprisonment by the Su
preme Court on April 30, 1903, for for
gery ip connection with notes purporting
to have been indorsed by the late Cecil
Rhodes, lias been liberated from prison
and has started for England.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— The House of Lords
to-day passed the third reading of the
Irish land bill. Prior to the third reading
the puke of Devonshire said that^ while
he was unable to forecast the action of
the House of Commons on the landlords
amendments adopted by the House of
Lords, he was confident that the position
of the Government in the lower house
would not be altogether irreconcilable.
Lord Abercorn, on behalf of the land
lords, thanked the Duke for his courte
ous receotlon of the amendments, and
said he believed the bill would benefit the
whole of Ireland. He trusted that . the
amendments would be received by the
HouBe of Commons in the same spirit
as thev had been passed by the House
of Lords. }: .. -t
Belief That -the House of Commons
Will Accept the Amend
ments. . ! i
LORDS PASS THE THIRD
READING OF IRISH BILL
GUTIIRIE, O. T., Aug. 11.— Deputy
Marshals Bennett, Wlllets and Jacobson
arrived here to-day • from Pawhuska,
Osage Nation, with the bodies of two
members of the Martin gang of outlaws,
killed In the tight on Saturday. The dead
men . have been identified as Will and
Sam Martin. Rewards aggregating
$12,000 had been offered for the^ men, dead
or alive. Deputy Marshal Haines, who
was wounded in the light, was in a
critical condition to-day.
Upon the arrival of the deputies to-day
the first, details of the fight were learned.
The fight took place at' 6 o'clock Sat
urday evening, eight miles south of
Pawhuska, where the outlaws were lo
cated, fortified behind a knoll in a deep
ravine. As the officers neared their camp
the outlaws opened fire, which was re
turned, and a steady exchange followed.
Will Martin was shot in the mouth and
died Instantly. Sam Martin was shot
through the right side and fell while
running . away. Clarence Simmons es
caped. The officers recovered : about 1000
rounds of • ammunition and several rifles.
Deputy Marshals Take the Bodies to
Guthrie, Where They Are
Identified.
DEAD OKLAHOMA OUTLAWS
WORTH $12,000 TO CAPTORS
SEARCHING FOR HOWARD.
Pasadena Barber Believes That He
Shaved the Fugitive.
PASADENA, Aug. 11.— W. L. Jones, a
barber of this city, is quite positive that
CoBvict Fred Howard, the Folsom prison
escape, was shaved in his shop yester
day about noontime. He recognised the
man from photographs he had seen in
the papers and from descriptions. Two
men came into the shop, one of them, the
suspect, having about two weeks' growth
of beard. The other sat down and seemed
to be reading a paper, , but, kept a fur
tive watch. on the door. Both men were
shabbily dressed and covered with dust.
The employes in the shop began talking
about the escape of • the convicts, but
the strangers made no comment until ad
dressed. One of them then>emarked that
he guessed the fugitives would eventually
be caught and hung. The man in the
chair left with his companion as soon as
he was shaved, and Jones, after instruct
ing one of his employes to keep watch
of the pair, hunted up a policeman. But
neither of the strangers could be relo
cated. Jones has lived here for ten years
and is regarded as reliable. Some stress
is laid on his statement since the es
caped convict Is believed to have bee^n in
Los Angeles..
Hankel Is Committed for Contempt
WOODLAND. Aug. 11.— Carl G. Hankel,
who. as manager of the Byrns Hotel dis
obeyed an injunction of court, was fined
$250 ; by Judge Hart to-day and In addi
tion ordered to make restitution to the
receiver of the hotel of $138 75 for funds
unlawfully taken from the hotel safe.
He .was committed to the County Jail
until ¦ such restitution Is made and for
failure tb pay the fine he will be com
pelled toserve out the sentence at the
rate of one day. for every $2 thereof.
Accidentally Kills His Playmate.
KAMLOOPS. B. C, Aug. 11.— Willie Ed
munds, aged 6, was last night shot and
killed by Charlie Newman, aged 7. Char-
He took a revolver from the room of H.
G. Aahby, one of his mother's lodgers,
and loaded It. "Willie Edmunds, his play
niat<?. said: "Shoot it." Young Newman
fired, the ball entering Edmund's fore
head. He died In a few minutes.
PARIS. Aug. 11.— The Humbert trial
was resumed to-day. M. Parmentler, the
lawyer who used to represent the Craw
ford brothers in their suits, was examined
and said that Henry Crawford engaged
him In October, 1895, as his lawyer. Henry
told him that one of his relatives had
died In Nice, leaving the bulk of his for
tune to Madame Humbert, but a second
will was discovered changing the disposi
tion of the inheritance.
M. Parmentler gave details of the com
plicated litigation, maintaining his belief
that the Crawford brothers actually ex
isted. Madame Therese frequently inter
rupted,'denying certain of M. Parmen
tler's statements.
Several witnesses were called, who tes
tified that they had eeen the Crawfords.
Lecompte # a bailiff, testified that he had
served papers upon the two brothers,
Henri and Robert, saying that they did
not resemble Romalft and Emlle d'Aurig
nac, Madame Humbert's brothers. He
stoutly resisted the view of the court
that members of the Humbert family had
Impersonated the Crawfords.
Deny That Any of the Defendants
Impersonated the Craw
ford Brothers.
WITNESSES TESTIFY
FOB THE HUMBERTS
The injured were taken to Nevada oh
the regular train this morning and sent
to the hospital. Many of them are badly
hurt.
Mrs. Ella Foster, New Bloomfleld, Mo.,
bruised about head and shoulders; Mrs. O. T.
Bacon, Wichita Falls, Texas, slight bruise on
head: Chahner McPherson, Waxahatchle,
Texas, scalp wound; Mrs. Mamie Allen, Ran
ger, Texas, back sprained; Mrs. D. H. Brown,
Lwckhart, Texas, left wrist broken; J. G. Alex
ander. Chief of Police, Dallas, Texas, head cut;
Mrs. J. G. Alexander, head cut; V. H. Cashlon,
Yont, Mo., bruisrd shoulder; D. E. Nlpp. Col
llnsville, 111., knee bruised: D. M. Cogswell,
Walling, Texas, bruised thigh and knee; Peter
Smith. Furnlsp, Pa., bruised and leg hurt; John
Scholten, arm hu.rt: Wright, Sedalla,
Mo., postal clerk, sprain; W. F. Landrum. He
dalla, Mo., postal clerk, arm and leg bruised;
Scott Morrison, Sedalla, Mo., hand cut; S. E.
Wear. Cleburn. Texas, bruised thigh; W. II.
Graham. Smlalia. Mo., hand cut; H. W. Gra
ham, Sedalla, Mo., shoulder wrenched; \V. U.
Hamilton. St. LouIb. wrist broken; W. W.
Wood. Clinton, hip bruised and face cut; Lin
coln HIghtower, St. Louis, porter, leg sprained.
SEDAL1A, Mo.. Aug. 11.— When the
north-bound Missouri, Kansas and Texas
flier, train No. 6, was derailed and dltcH
cd two miles north of Schell Cltv, Ver
non County, at 11:30 o'clock last night,
twenty-one passengers were injured, but
no one was killed. Spreading rails caused
the derailment. Tho wreck was one of
the worst the road has sustained in years
and thf track was not cleared until late
this afternoon.
The uostal Car, combination mail car
and a chair car were badly wrecked,
while throe others were derailed. The
engine with the first car of the train
plowed about 150 yards before It was stop
ped, tearing up the track, j The injured:
He replied: "By no means. The mobs
have included the highest in the land—
officials and professional men."
He declared that the white man would
be lynched as quickly as a negro for an
offense against a white woman's honor.
He Instanced in brief the only lynching
In New Orleans In recent years.
Another question was: "Are not the
Southern mobs largely 'white trash' and
men of murderous intent?"
The lyncher does not exterminate the crimi
nal, but he holds him mightily In check. As
a sheer, cold, patent fact, the mob stands to
day as the most potential bulwark between
the women of the South and such a carnival of
crime as would Infuriate the world and pre
cipitate the annihilation of the negro race. The
marses of the negroes are not afraid of death
coming- on In the regular way. They love dis
play and the spectacular elements of a trial
and execution appeal to their Imaginations.
Kxpeditlng the processes of the law would
not be adequate to eliminate lynching:. The
repeal of the amendments and the establish
ment of the negro's Inferiority in law and so
ciety, though desirable, are not sufficient, for
the negro Is a thing of the senses and with this
race and with all similar races the desire of
the senses must be rentralned by the terror
of the senses, if possible under the law. Sepa
rate laws for white or black or the treatment
of this particular kind of crime as separate
and outside of all other codes are but expe
dients; there Is no real remedy but one. No
statute will permanently solve this problem,
lteligion does not solve It. Education compli
cates It. Politics complicates It. The truth
which lies beyond and above all these tem
porizing exjrt-dlents Is that reparation Is the
logical, the inevitable only solution of this
great urobJem of the races.
In the afternoon conference, John Tem
ple Graves answered questions. The
North and South were about equally
represented. Graves' plan for the solu
tion of the race troubles is to set aside
a State for negroes and disfranchise them
outside of that State. He proposed no
general exodus, but a gradual emigra
tion. He said the South would not object
to the loss of the negroes, for it was
learning the superiority of white labor.
"Is mob execution," he was asked, "a
matter of economy to the South?"
"No," he replied. "The South never
weighs money in the matter of woman's
honor." W •./.?. :
Among to-day's speakers was John
Temple Graves of Atlanta, Ga., who
spoke on "The Mob Spirit of the South."
He defended lynch law as a remedy for
attacks upon women, holding that though
lynching is a crime, It Is Justified by the
crime which provokes it and will never
be discontinued until that crime is elim
inated. The remedy for lynching must be
elimination of the crime inciting it, and
this, he maintained, could be done only
by the separation of the two races in the
United States. He continued:
The problem of the hour Is not how to pre
vent lynching in the South, but the larger
question: How shall we destroy the crime
which always has and always will provoke
lynching? The answer which tho mob returns
to this vital question Is already known. The
mob answers It with the rope, the bullet and
sometimes, God save us, with the torch. And
the mob is practical: Its theory Is effective to
a large degree; the mob is to-day the sternest,
the wrongest and the most effective restraint
that the age holds for the control of certain
crimes.
CHAI'TAUQUA, N. Y.. Aug. 11.— Unique
among all summer gatherings Is the "mob
conference," now In progress here. The
Increase of mob spirit shown by feuds,
lynehings, riot*, assassinations and other
lawless happenings gives great Import
ance to this conference.
Twenty-One Injured by
Derailing of'Mis
souri Flyer.
Georgian Says Lynch
ing Is Justified by
Certain Crimes.
BAD WRECK, BUT
NOBODY KILLED
The bride to be is the youngest daugh
ter of Mrs. Adah Wallace and a sister of
R. P. Wallace, city editor of the Mall.
She Is popular, handsome and accom
plished. Soon after the wedding the
young couple will leave for Yellowstone,
Park, where they will spend their honey
moon.
ried to MIps Margaret R. Wal
lace, of this city. Professor Henderson
Is a graduate of the State University. He
was the first principal of the Woodland
High School. For two terms he was vice
principal of the. chiro Normal School.
Ho, then went t n Columbia College and
took a degree. In philosophy, after which
he. was elected vice principal of Adelphl
College, Brooklyn, N, Y.
WOODLAND. Aug. 11.—Profes
por E. N. Henderson ha,s ar
rived from Brooklyn. N. Y..
and to-morrow will be mar-
Special Dispatrh tr> TTi» fall
E. N. Henderson to Wed
Miss Wallace of
Woodland.
YOUNG BELLE OF WOODLAND
WIIOSK MARRIAGE TAKES
PLACE TO-DAY.
The chief event of the day was the
departure under guard of Convict James
Roberts for Folsom prison, where he ar
rived without incident. Roberts doubt
less would have preferred to travel in
solitary state, but this privilege was de
nied him. as he was obliged to go in
irons with Patrick Gorman, a plain, or
dinary burglar under sentence of six
years, passed by Judge Hart yesterday.
Roberts has been very uncommunicative,
although to-day he volunteered the re
mark that if it had not been for the
treachery of an ex-convlct in betraying
his whereabouts he never would have
been caught."
A report was received to-day of the
appearance of an armed man, supposed
to be a convict, in a wheat field near
Gait, but when hunted the man disap
peared. There was* nothing upon which
to base the. suspicion tnat he was a con
vict, but the report was as promising as
most of those brought to the attention of
the officers of late. '1
Aug. 11.— The day
passed without any developments in the
man^niint. The Sheriff and his officers
Have withdrawn from the chase, while
the Police Department has apparently
abandoned hope of running across any
of the escaped convicts. It is admittted
by all who have watched the course of
events for the past week that the situa
tion looks less hopeful for the recap
ture of the escapes. Even rumors are
less frequent and Sacramento is no
longer a center of activity In so far as
the man-hunt is concerned. The Sheriff
to-day returned his rifles to the parties
from whom he had borrowed them.
Ssacramento Officers 'Turn Him Over
* to' Warden of the Penitentiary.
ROBERTS BACK IN FOLSOM.
Sheriff Bosquit made a search of China
town this afternoon In the hopes of find
ing Convict Case. All Information re
garding Case now seems to point to the
fact that he Is hiding In this vicinity, ly-
Iflg low In the daytime and sneaking Into
the Chinese quarter during the night to
get his supply of opium.
The Sheriff visited and thoroughly In
spected every Chines* den in the city, but
no trace «f Case was found. A watch was
placed on all the Chinese dens In the city
and If Case puts in appearance to-night
he will receive a warm reception.
Should they give the Slide and Silver
Lake the go by, another theory put for
ward Is that, being provided with provis
ions, they will make a roundabout detour
through the fastnesses of the wild and
almost uninhabited mountainous region
they are now In and later on will make
Carson or adjacent railroad towns their
objective point and one by one take
brakebeam from there for the Eastern
shore.
Theron, with matchless shrewdness,
cunning and expertness planned the
break from Folsom Prison and It Is
thought he will devise way* and means
to make a break out Of the Slide with
his gang. If he Is there, elude his pur
suers and land up In rJevada, where the
members will separate and strike out for
the East.
The Bosguit party, headed . by Gilbert
Cook and Ferrel and his hounds, which
left Leak Spring Monday morning, have
pushed forward and at latest report had
Kone. three miles Into the Devils. Slide.
If the escaped convicts have secreted
themselves In Devils 'Slide they have
reached a stronghold that w:ould require
nn army of tremendous proportions to
capture them. Hunger alone would bring,
them forth. Sheriff Bosqult reports to
night that on Monday afternoon the The
ron gang robbed three sheep herder camps
nnd secured en6ugh food to last thrm for
several weeks. If this Is the case and
the convicts are entrenched In Devils Slid*
they ean defy their pursuers for some
tlmft to come.
PLACERVIL.LE, Aug. lh-Sheriff B5s
quit to-night stated that he had Just re
ceived Information by telephone from,re
liable sources at Jackson that Sheriff
Norman and his party of twenty-six men.
Instead of remaining at Silver Lake to
watch for the. escaped convicts, have
moved on to Round Top, which is near
KIrkwood station, twelve miles farther
east from Silver Lake. Norman is acting
upon the supposition that Theron and his
companions will go directly to that point
and he wants to be ready to receive them.
If his assumption Is correct he undoubt
edly- stands a good chance to catch the
escapes.
Special Dispatch t6 Thfe Call.
The Pope retired earlier than usual,
saying he left quite recovered. His in
timates say that he is much changed
since his election and seems to have
grown much older. His sisters in' .Venice
were much alarmed over the news of his
indisposition and have decided to come
to Rome to attend him.
The Pontiff seems more docile to thfi
doctor's wishes than his predecessor, al
though he Insisted on transacting: some
current business, such as the appointment
of Alberto Silt, the son of the dean of
the grooms, as his personal valet, tho
place occupied by Plo Centra under Pope
Leo XIII. Dr. Daveneslsa, speaking
about the Pope, said:
If they wish our Piu« not to succumb, thn
Vatican authorities mupt Chang* their system.
They must not obliee fcim to follow the habits
of Pope Leo. The present Pontiff needs plenty
of fresh air. He must not be shut up In a box
in a vitiated atmosphere.
Although the Pope was much better this
afternoon. Dr. I^apponl. who visited him
again, thought It more prudent for his
Holiness not to leave his apartment and
not to go Into the garden of the Vatican,
as he desired. The doctor further in
sisted on a suspension of audiences.
PONTIFF MUST HAVE BEST.
Fortunately, among the Venetians
present was Dr. Daveneslsa. who for
nine years has been the Pope's attend
ing physician at Venice, but had been
called only once during that time, and
then only to treat a sore throat. Dr.
Daveneslsa gave the Pontiff immediate
assistance, while the messengers tele-
Phoned for Dr. Lapponl. The latter
rushed to the Vatican, but did not ar
rive until after tho Pope* had been re
stored to consciousness and taken to his
own apartments.
When able to speak again the Pope,
asked for a few drops of water, which
were given him. and water was
ppiinkled on his face. Ills gown was
opened at the neck, as he seemed to bo
choking. He refused resolutely, how
ever, to be carried to his apartments, say
ing that he was sufficiently strong to
walk. The way thither was cleared and
h*» proceeded slowly, surrounded by his
anxious entourape. his head bent almost
to his shoulders and his face'so pale that,
the flesh was scarcely distinguishable
from his robes. The neck of his gown
still remained opened.
It was a solemn moment when the
Pontiff passed through the midst of the
kneeling- Venetians, without having the
strength 'to give them his benediction.
Deep silence accentuated the impresstve
nens of the scene. As he went out of
sight through the Raphael loggia tears
fell on th« cheeks of several of the
pilgrims, and one could not refrain from
crying 1 out:
Take care of yourself, your Holiness, for our
FakfE, who love you so much, as well as for
your own.
PHYSICIAN IS PRESENT
Pope Plus was seen to grow paler and
paler, finally throwing out his hands as
though seeking support. Tie would have
fallen bad not Monspijjneur Brcssan. hiR
private chaplain, been quick to catch
him. It is impossible to describe the
confusion and alarm nmonK the wor
shipers while the Pope lay motionless
and unconscious, with his eyes closed.
HOME. Aug. 11. — Just a week has
elapsed since the election of Pius X, and
already he has.. been, overcome by the
unaccustomed strain of his pontifical
duties. This morning he fainted while
nt mas*. His collapse is considered to
have been due to heart weakness, ag
gravated l>y fatigue. The Pope has
been overexerting himself to such an ex
tent that his naturally strong constitu
tion was unable, to bear the strain put
Upon It by the coronation ceremonies.
Such has been the effect upon ills nerves
thjtt he has been unable to sleep for en
tire nights, while tho numerous recep
tions yesterday made matters worse.
J*ast night his Holiness was very much
agitated; still ho insisted upon admit
ting this morning to hear his mass all
Venetians who had Journeyed to Romo
purp'isely to attend the coronation. They
numbered about 300 when the mass be-
B-an in the Pauline Chapel, and the, air
was vitiated, with the mercury abovo
90 decrees.
LONDON; Aug. ll.— The Catholic Her
ald announces that Vincenzo Vannutelll
will be papal secretary of state.
His Physicians Recommend
Quiet and Plenty 'of
Fresh Air.
Outlaws Rob Three Ranches
and Secure Large Sup
ply" of Fcod.
Strength of Pius X Al
ready Overtaxed by
Exertions.
Officers Lose All Trace
of Escapes Prom
Folsom.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. ll.-Forest
Smith, a well known character of this
city, commonly called "Texas." met a
violent death thls > evening at Urblta
Springs, a bathing resort on the south
ern limits of the city. Smith was among
the bathers and attempted to dive Into
the- pond from the rafters of the house
which covers the plunge. He miscalcu
lated the depth of the water and. strik
ing on the cement bottom, broke his neck.
Bather Strikes on Cement Bottom 6f
Swimming Tank and Breaks
His Neck.
dives into Shallow
water and is killed
"I think that it Is very strange that
Colma should desire incorporation at all
They complain of their roads, but that
Is only recently. Such complaints began
DR. McCRACKEN SPEAKS.
t)r. C. L. McCracken of Pescadero, Su
pervisor from the fifth township, says
"I have heard that the pool sellers were
behind the movement to Incorporate Col
ma, but of course I cannot state that I
know that positively. The exorbitant de
mands for territory and the desire to In
clude the cemeteries would certainly tend
to confirm that suspicion.
"If certain unscrupulous parties should
gain control of it, incalculable harm would
thereby be done to the whole county.
They must not get a hold on the ceme
teries at any rate." «•
"Colraa is the key to San Mateo Coun
ty. It can be better governed by the
county than by any ring of unscrupulous
people who might get control of It. The
demand for an area of territory, six times
as large as that of Redwood, the county
seat, is preposterous and must on the
face of it be prompted by the manifest
desire to make a town out of Colma at
any costs. ' . .
"If they want to run their pool rooms
let them look to them for the means of
supporting their town government. I do
not believe In robbing the places of the
dead to pay for the vices of the living."
Joseph Debeneditti of Halfmoon Bay,
Supervisor of the fourth township, is
more outspoken against the project of
the pool sellers than his associate from
the first township. He says:
"The only thing we can do is to limit
their territory so as not to grant them
protection. If we keep the San Bruno
road open as an outlet from the county
into San Francisco they will at least be
without protection at our hands. They
say that they will not accept Incorpora
tion unless they can have the cemeteries.
I, for one, am not in favor of turning
the revenue from the cemeteries into the
hands of the town of Colma.
MUST HAVE CEMETERIES.
Besides this there is on record a pro
test filed on August 3 by forty-five resi
dents of Colma. couched In equally strong
terms. Letters show that A. J. Spring of
the Holy Cross Cemetery and M. Jensen,
superintendent of Mouht Olivet, after
signing the petition, became apprised of
the real purpose to which it was being
stultified and requested that their names
be withdrawn. Cypress Lawn has also
filed a protest and petition that their
territory be excluded from the proposed
incorporation.
The position of the Supervisors toward
tfie plea for incorporation is« problemati
cal. They all admit that .they have been
cognizant of the fact that San Francisco
pool sellers are behind the movement,
but declare that by the law of 1SS3. pro
viding for the Incorporation of munici
palities, they are bound to grant any
request which has the requisite number
of bona fide signers.
J. Eikerenkotter of South San Fran
cisco, Supervisor for the first township,
seems to accept the inroads of the gamb
lers as inevitable and desires only to
hinder their nefarious trade. He says:
"I know that John Daly of San Fran
cisco Is engineering this scheme through
and that he has powerful influences of
well kno'wn gamblers, whose names I will
not mention, behind him. Of course they
desire the incorporation of Colma in or
der that they may make a second Bau
salito out of it.
PROTESTS ABE FILED.
Already there are deposited with the
County Clerk at Redwood proof? that
thorp are pome of the residents of Colma
who will not peaceably submit to the rulo
pf the gamblers. The following clause
from a protest signed by twoscore resi
dents of the Abbey Homestead district
phows that their sentiments are strongly
against incorporation:
"We know that Incorporation would
largely Increase our taxes without giving
us any corresponding increase In benefits
or substantial Improvements. We see no
necessity for Incorporation at this time.
We consider the territory proposed to
be included In -the limits of said town
to be entirely too extensive. We cannot
understand why miles of farming and
vegetablA lands should he Included In the
proposed Incorporation. In our minds no
system of Improvements could be devised
that would equally and advantageously
affect the widely diffuse population of
this diversified * and limitless territory.
We think that any such system of im
provements would occasion such a high
tax rate that It would result in many
Instances in great hardship to many peo
ple and the practical confiscation of their
property."
Outside of the cemeteries the only
sources of revenue by which a municipal
government could be supported are hog
ranches, small truck gardens and
stretches of grazing lands. But in the
places of the dead there He the springs
which are being relied, upon to keep In
operation the mock government which Is
to authorize organized pool-selling.
From the license of $1 required at pres
ent, by tho county for every Interment,
there accrues to the county treasury a
sum of from $230 to $100 a, month. This
would be diverted into the town treasury
of Colma. The Cypress liiwn Cemetery
alOhe pays into the county $10C9 a year
taXfs on* Its 200 acres of property. This
as well as all the rest of the burial places
would have to duplicate their county
taxes for the support of the municipal
government. The revenue from the cem
eteries alone would pay for tne piiv'
lego of supporting poolrooms at their
gates.
Besides including the lands of several
large estates of which the Abbey Home
stead Association is the most important,
this impudent demand of the gamblers
embraces the lands of the following cem
eteries: Holy CrOss, Mount Olivet, Cypress
Lawn, the Servian Cemetery, the Italian
Cemetery and the four" Jewish places of
Interment. Eternal Home, Hills of Etern
ity, Home of Peace and Salem Fields.
Full' twelve miles of waste sands along
the seashore form the western boundary
of this projected townslte.
WOULD TAX GRAVES.
rick McCabe, John Doollng. Owen Walsh,
John Ryan. Frank Kastner, Patrick Gor
man,. T. Brennan, A. O'Hara. G. B. De
martinl, G. Barsolnla (His X Mark), Wil
liam J. Rea. Jason Wight, W. T. Prince,
George Wight, M. Belli. M. Jansen. J.
Bryan. Isala Belli.
Many r oA '" r^Tl** claimed the bodies
of their children and relatives, and tried
to take them home, but the police gently
but firmly insisted on the bodies being
taken to the morgue and barracks, in or
der that the magnitude of the catas
trophe might be determined. At the Ho
tel <!l<? Ville the President of the Muni
cffcol Council unnouncM that the city
of Parts would bear the entire expense
of the funerals of the victims.
The train which caused the accident
came from Porte Dauphine at the en
trance to the Bois de Boulogne, in the
western part of Paris. After circling the
northern quarter of the city, -where num
bers of workmen were picked up, the
train reached the neighborhood of the
Cemetery of Pere I>a Chaise, where the
flertrical motor failed to act properly.
The train then waited at the station of
I,cs Couronnes until the arrival of a
Fecond train, which pushed the crippled
train forward, making a total of sixteen
roaches. After proceeding about 2(0 yards
toward Menilmontant station the dam
ftged motor set fire to the engine of the
lirst train. The fire burned fiercely.
Simultaneously the electric lights on the
trains went out, leaving the passengers
In darkness except for the light of the
burning engine, far ahead. This impeded
the progress of the trains toward Men
ilmontant. The terror stricken passen
prrs got out and tried to grope their way
back. The powerful electrical current
which continued in the rails is believed
to have stunned or killed many. A num
ber of the passengers managed to reach
I,os Couronnes station, but the main body
e«f the passengers was overcome by the
heat and smoke.
COLLISION ADDS TO HORROR.
A terrible panic occurred among those
behind and the horror of the situation
was increased by a third t~ain crashing
into the fiery mass and adding- another
crowd of panic stricken rjassengers to
those pecking an outlet. The cars con
tinued to burn until twenty were con
sumed. The burning debris gave forth
a fierce heat, which puffed out of the
mouths of the stations of Lcs Couronnes
and Mcnilrnontant. The escape of most
<if the trainmen was due to their su
perior knowledge of the subterranean
passage.
The chief station master at Les Cou*
ronnes. M. DIdlcr, says he saw the flames
i unning along the gear of the cars when
the first train passed through the sta
tionj and called out to the engineer to
f top, saying there was not time to reach
the next station, bnt the engineer de
clared he had ample time and proceeded.
A f«w minutes later a large blue flame
BODIES WEDGED IN ANGLE.
:»f. T,erin** r-ammoned a large force of
ri^ciors and municipal officials, who pu
r-Tintended the moving of the bodies.
The m:Vnber of corpses brought up from
the angle where the mass wedged
in was so large that four and eight
bodies were placed in each ambulance.
Many of the victims had handkerchiefs
Muffed in their mouths, .they having
evidently tried to keep out the asphyxi
ptinr smoke. The faces of the dead were
red- and congested. Some women held
their children tightly In their arms.
About 7 a. m. the bodies of ten women
v.-ere brought out in a bunch. The bodies
of two little girls and three infants were
f«und with them, clinging to their
mothers.
Further on the firemen siumhled upon
a terrible mafs of bodiPF. Thepe were
th»- p*ss?neeri« of the burned train.
T!;*y had leaped from the roaches when
the fire broke out. and. eroping through
the suffocating rlouds of smoke, sought
the exit at Les Cwfoanea station. But
the tunnel mpkes a sharp turn near the
jcet»n* of the disaster, and at the angle
the entire mass of humanity apparently
1>*cr.me tfchtly wedged. The panic
which t"ok p^ 1 "* 1 at 'his point, within
the d^rk subterranean passage, must
hfve beon terrible.
of water In the direction of the wreck.
w!:Me frnn" firemen and military m
gtffertw at great hazard, pushed e>n in
fsi.'.e th*> tunnel. They brought out two
l.otf;#><: mid poon afterward three more.
The latter were laborers. wh<* had «1
roost succeeded In teaching the exit
vrhMi l*ey were overcome and suffo
cated. •
At the stfct'.on of T,c.« C"nuronn*»w tlir
PHnje •denes of death a?id despair had
lwen onsetod. Th«* accident occurred
m'dway between the stations of M"!ill
niontant and Los Couronne*. so that tli«*
w<>rk eif salvage proceeded from both
ends o/ the tunnel. In addition to tlie
blinding smoke the tunnel belched forth
a terrific !:eat. «p ore of the trains was
Jflowly burning within. The firemen
*uto6N>6>J' in throwing several streams
in. scaping
At the roeoiid descent the firemen found
a proat number of bodies massed near the
ticket office of the station, where many
had evidently been overcome while tecur
ing tickets. They had been surprised by
the columns of smoke .ir.d hnd sought to
rt:n bark up the sto!i<- st;<irwHV leading to
the street. A struggle had or.sued Hnd
sorrnp escaped, but the other* had been
iraTnpled on. One woman had fled within
the ticket office, where her body was
f.^uno". The ticket selirr herself succeeded
MAKE SECOND DESCENT
abject ones
I.'.'::s lines of ambulances were brought
into requisition and the bodies carried to
the morgue and the nearby military bar
racks. After daylight the crowds at the
< ntrance of the tunnel increased to enor
mous proportions, obliging the police to
form. p. eolid cordon through which were
admitted .only those seeking to identlfy
thclr relatives among the victims. The
failure of many men. women and children
to-.jeturn home during the night gave
many the first news of the catastrophe.
Fathers and mothers came hurrying to
the mouth of the tunnel to try to find the
direction of Prefect of Police Leplne, who
summoned a large reserve force to hold
back the surging crowd, Including the rel
atives of the victims.
MOB CONFERENCE
AT CHAUTAUQUA
LONDON. Aug. 12.— King Edward,
through the British Embassy nt Paris,
has pent n message of sympathy to the
French fJovernment on account of the
Metropolitan Railway disaster.
Tho catastrophe has produced the deep
est impression here, and Intense anxiety
rxists concerning the safety of the Lon
don underground roads. Interviews with
the managers of the different lines, pub
lished in the morning papers. ar*> reas
suring, however, all describing the pre
cautions adopted against fire.
A fire broke out this evening in one of
the cars of the road at Tomes station.
There tis? a panic, but only two women
were r-llghtly Injured.
CAUSES ANXIETY IN LONDON.
Fopulace Questions Safety of Under
eround-Railroads.
The namos and occupations of the vic
tims give pathetic evidence of their hum
ble condition. The names are character
istic nf the French working classes, and
the occupations aro given as painter, ma
pon. plumber, tailor, seamstress, lock
smith, etc. Outside the workmen about
every third name is that of a woman.
Pitiful pcenos wer<* enacted nt the Morgue
throughout thf rluy as the relatives gath
ered seeking to identify the bodies, which
were ranged In long lines on white mar
hie slabs. The clothing of many of the
victims t* torn, showing the fierceness.
of th» struggle.
Another survivor named Jules Bouat de-
F<-ribod the struggle during the panic In
the tunnel es terrible. Women were
errcnmlng "Save me! Save me!" An old
man fell suffocated at his feet. The. wom
en Fcrcamed until they fell asphyxiated.
M. Bienvenu. the chief engineer of the
Metropolitan Railroad, says that from the
technical view every precaution to avoid
danger had boen taken. The chief mis
fortune was that th»> employes did not
organize Assistance with sufficient rapid
ity to permit of the passengers being
quickly drawn out. A large force of
mounted guard? is at the mouths of the
tunnel.
I'remler Combes descended into the
tunnel and made a personal inspection.
He asked the Chief of Police for a re
port of the causes of the disaster and a
list of the victims and announced his In
tention of proposing at a council of Min
isters measures for the relief of the poor
families of the victims. The flag Over
the Hotel de Vllle ha? been lowered to
half mast, as a flgn of the city's mourn
ing.
At the American consulate }t was learn
ed that there were no Americans among
the victims. The Prefecture of Police
confirms this. Eugene Olllvler. one of
the few survivors, described the terrible
panic which occurred in the darkness.
The people, he says, rushed and fought
with one another, madly seeking to get
away. He ynM sick, but, nerved to des
peration by the situation, managed to get
through the struggling mass. As he went
h«* passed over the bodies of those who
had fallen exhausted, but it was impos
sible to render thorn aid.
VICTIMS OF WORKING CLASS.
flashed through the tunnel, followed by
a violent detonation. Looking into the
mouth of the tunnel. M. Dldier could
see flashes from the burning cars.
"Our chief objection Is that the cem- 1 
t»rles wojuld bp .lospcrated by th«» pres
ence of the riffraff of Pan Franeis-'n.
Thof-r spots should at least be exempt
from the Ftain of sin. Then we would he
made practically to support th<* gam
bling houses by th» taxes which would
be levied upon us for the support of the
town government. At present Cypress
Lawn pays' about $100 a month to th»
county government for burial permits b»
jiides tlOhO a year county taxes. Th-:.«e
drains on us would be doubled were Gpl*
ma incorporated according to the present
petition."
"Plainly they desire to run poolrooms.
Thfj cannot do it if I have any influence
op the board."
It Is vouched bv McEvoy. that John
CnUmnn of San XIateo. Supervisor from
the second township, who is at present
nut of town. Is also opposed to th>
s-homes of the pool sellers and will, not
allow them the territory they demand.
The cftnetery associations are firmly
against the projected Incursion of the
Ramblers within the precincts of their
respective Imrylnp places. The opinion
of II. H. Noble, manager of the Cypress
I^awn Association, fan be taken as typi
cal of the protest of nil. He j»ays:
"This In an infamous attempt on the
part of politicians and gamblers to mat**
t!m sacred nreclncts nf the dead a ne*t
t<>r vie*-. Joba Ociiy, «»h:j owns large
milk interests In i'olm'a. 1* working with
certain people of this> city to bring ahm'.t
the <lesired incorporation. He has used
R. S. Thornton and J. T. Casey of Colm i
as his tools to raise a hue and cry for
incorporation on the grounds of the pres
ent inadequate government by th* county.
"It is a monstrous proposition for a
hamlet to start out with such strides
as to Incorporate territory almost as large
as that of San Francisco. They know
that the Supervisors will cut them down
and yet they maintain that they cannot
run a municipal covernment without those
limits That brings us back to the oris
inal question. Why do they want a town
Rovernment at all?
to appear simultaneously with the desire
for a town government- I will not vote
fur the enormous territory which they de-
m p n H McEvov of Menlo Park, repre
senting the third township, is outspoken
in his opposition to the movement. He
"I will not mention any names, But I
know that there are well known black-
I*«a and eamblers who are using some
of the.Colma people for tools to advance
their project of incorporation. They have
been working at this thing some time.
In fact.* one Colma man threatened tr>
eet ud a poolroom In direct opposition
to the law of the county some time ago.
HAMLET 0VEBSH00TS MABK.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
PONTIFF FAINTS
WHILE AT MASS
CONVICTS ELUDE
THEIR PURSUERS
WINS HEART
AND HAND OF
YOUNG BELLE
HORROR OF UNDERGROUND
DISASTER IN PARIS GROWING'
BLACKLEGS SEEK TO MAKE .
A PLAGUE SPOT OF COLMA
THE SAN FBANCJSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
2
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
AST SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in^ three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
¦ . •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RED HOT I n/IM'e
PRICES ATLtVINo
35-37 Taylor Street.
PRICES FOR ALL OF THIS WEEK.
Lerin's'Best Sand Soap, 9 bars 25c,
Naplh* Bo&o, all wet-k. 6 bans :j."»e
Ute-b&fs Ivory and Queen Lily ,7c
lln=. Potts' Irons, «t of 3 for KMc
M :.C. Meat Safes, special for :».-,«;
4 £apoJio 25c; 12 Dandy Soap ;».-„•
'.o bars Wool Soap. 7 bars -.%«•
Ac bars Santa Glaus Soap. 9 bars 25c
Fairbanks' Fairv Soap, 7 bars S5c
Sftc *-qt Galvanised Palls for 15c
2Sc 4-<jt Block Tin Saucepan 15c
25c 't-erallon Glass Pitcher* ....15c
£Ttc Bohemian Glass Vases for 15c
"We No. 7 Aerate Tea Kettles for *M»c
4OC Agate Covered Saucepan for JI.'c
35c 4-rjt A«ate Lipped Saucepan IKIc
25c "Acale Colanders for,. ....!."«•
Sic 4-qt Agate Milk Pans me
KJc Whit* Crockery Mush Bowls 5c
$5 50-pa Fancy Dec. Dinner .S. t. . .."S"!.!I5
AH colors lllukion, yard lOc
More new Laces. More new traces.
JO boxes Wood Toothpicks for 25c
10 roll* Good Toilet Paper for 25c
Ttc packs ToHet Paper. 7 for 25c
20c Fancy Dec. Cake Plates for lOc
Keg. 75c Fancy Dec. Lamps fi»r 5Oc
75c 14-qt Agate Dish Pans for COc
85c Wash Bofleni for 5Oc
Child's Hore Supporters. 2 pa!rs fie
]5c Brass Extension Hods for lOe
10c boxes Pai>er and Envelope* f»e
."¦ box** Night Takers, 2 boxes lie
I-ar^e 10c r>k£s Peariine, 3 for 25c
\pw Blark Fawy Lace Hoeti for......25e
Xaojflefpot Fly Paper. 4 ehcets 5c
No. 1-2 Btookinet Dress Shield*, pair.. 5c
More odd and end Vcillnga. yard 5c
.tft-Jn. Black Mercerited Lining, yard.. 15c
VTool Mor»en. yard. 25c: Silk More»n.2Wc
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
B.KATSCH1NSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Adjoining CaU BuUdinar-
For the Smart Set j
A Real Inducement I
, Are you a member of the swell |
set? Are you one of those ladles It
who always aim to be stylishly II
dressed and to wear exclusive styles H
of superior quality? Well, then we ||
can Interest you and offer a special {]
inducement. You can pay more II
money elsewhere, but you cannot £
pet the values we offer. I^adies" 11
Finest Corona Patent leather Kid t|
Oxford Ties, circular vamps and I
full quarters, plain coin toes, hand- I
turned soles and either Cuban or f
extra high French heels. OUR H
PRICE ONLY 82.33; Sizes 2^ to N
"V=; widths A to E. [$
SWELL YOUNG FELLOWS j
WANT SWELL SHOES I
. We are after the trade of the W
young men and this week will offer g
some big bargains In the latest up- f
to-date styles in Patent Leather II
Lace Shoes and Patent Leather and t
Tan Oxford Ties. Everything of the p
latest make. PRICE CUT TO fa
91.75 A PAIR. Sold regularly for I
$3.50 and $4.00. Sizes— 0
A wide. 5Mi to lOVj D wide. *> to tlH. IJ
B wide. 6 to 11. E wide. .1, to 11. 1
C wide, »Yi to 11. [2
H \3*j™"^^*' 1 " 1 <P«»m» 8 "*- 3 "*" Ba '"* > **""H*«»JslBif/ M
ll We don't guarantee to 'fill coun- I]
H try orders on sale shoes- y
|B. KATSGHINSKII
I Philadelphia Shoe Co* [
j io THIBD ST., * San rraaclico. B
tl „ ILLIJLimHllL-J M _,^
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S.F.
ouurHituFMi. WEEKLY CALL
p tiTely tad QaiaUy
\ Curtd. M0 PAIR 16 PAGES,
• HO SUlTHUHa. *U - ¦
JJ IkeWillnHuiCs. Jti npr YpAT• MALTA. Aug. 11.— A violent shock of earth
quake, lasting a minute, was felt here this
rnnrnlr*
WASHINGTON.-. Au*. 11— The remains ,
the late Brigadier General , A. E. Woodsc
reached here to-day and were Interred at Ai
linRton National Cemetery. The body was ei
cortf-d from the railroad station ) by seven
troops of the Second Cavalry.
To fit your hand it Is necessary to buy
where all grades of the best make's are In
stock. The "Waterman," "Swan" and
Marshall fountain pens fill every want
Prices $1 to $5 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co '
741 Market street. - . •"
Fountain Pen News.
FORT PLAIN, N. T., Aug. U.-Henry
F. Spauldlng, aged about 45 years, an
enthusiastic automobillst from West Or
ange, N. J., rode to his death four miles
east of this village this afternoon. He
was on the towpath of the Erie Canal.
Owing to the muddy condition of the path
and while turning out for a lineman's
rig, his automobile swerved more than he
intended and man and machine plunged
into the -water. Two linemen rushed to
aid Spauldingr, but in their excitement let
go entirely , of. a rope, one end of which
they had thrown to the drowning man.
The body was recovered badly entangled
in the rope .which had been thrown him.
Mr. Spauldlng was, en route to Chicago
and met with an accident one weekago
tof-day that kept' him In- Amsterdam- for
repairs until this afternoon. Meantime his
traveling companions, his wife and her
mother, had gone oji to Syracuse, where
they were 5 waiting in order to continue
the Journey with him. . ,
Spauldlng j was a . veteran automobilist,
and at Amsterdam yesterday was advised
that, owing to the dangerous condition of
the roads he should at least ship his auto
mobile to ; Syracuse. Mr. Spaulding re
plied that he considered himself equal to
the difficulties before him, and continued
his Journey. " \
GEORGETOWN, Colo., Aug. ll.-The
warrants Issued against members of the
Idaho Springs Citizens' Protective League
by order of Judge Frank Ow*rs of the
District Court upon application of the at.
torneys of the Western Federation of
Miners were served to-day upon forty
seven members of the league at Idaho
Springs and they were brought before
Judge Owers In this city. After a brief
hearing they were placed under bonds to
keep the peace and notified to hold them-
Belves In readiness to appear before Judge
Owers on notice. These warrants were
Issued as a result of the expulsion from
Idaho Springs of a number of union
miners after the blowing up of the build-
Ing of the Sun and Moon mine recently.
Altogether more than eighty warrants
were issued, but only forty-seven were
served to-day.
Among those who answered to warrants
to-day were the Mayor pro tern, ipf Idaho
Springs, members of the Council, the City
Attorney, the City Marshal.' the postmas
ter, presidents of banks and leading mer
chants and mine operators. Fourteen . of
the eighteen miners driven from Idaho
Springs returned to that city from Den
ver to-day, having learned of the in
junction Issued by Judge Owers yester
day In their behalf. Five of them were
Immediately arrested, charged with com.
ollcity in the blowing up of the Sun and
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 11.— Special Master
In Chancery Judge H. N. Blake to-day re
ported to the Federal Court his findings
in the hearing of the Western Union Tele
graph Company against the American
Labor Union and other labor unions of
Butte for an Injunction to restrain. the
labor .organizations from Interfering, with
the business of the telegraph company.be
cause the latter had been declared -unfair
in a strike of messenger boys. Judge
Blake recommended that a permanent In
junction be granted the Western Union.
Grants Permanent Injunction.
Plunges With Machine
Into Erie Canal and
Is Drowned.
Warrants Served Upon
Prominent Citizens
of Colorado.
AUTOMOBILIST
RIDES TO DEATH
RLOOMINGTON. 111.. Auj. 11.— The derail
iwnt of «. Wabash fast freight train at Red
dirk III.. la*t Right resulted in th« dpath of
Engineer Alb*rt Huck«t»>p of Chicago and
pericru» injury to Fireman Harry McDonald
«n<3 EraJteman William Cupple*. both of De
catur.
went off with him. The Henleys were as
sisted in their trouble by the Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. A. C. Austin of the First Baa
list Church, in which Henley has acted as
a deacon ever since the congregation was
organized. The Austins and Mrs. Henley
afterward went to the Henley home,
where they spent the time nursing the
wounded Lafferty.
Henley has been In the real estate busi
ness In Point Richmond ever since the
town started. He has always taken an
active interest in the town's welfare and
was one of those who fought the gamb
l'ng dens a year or so ago. Dr. Lafferty,
who is 59 years old and of whom little is
known, went to live with his son-in-law
and his daughter three months ago. He
formerly lived at Centerville, Alameda
County.
It is said that the refusal of the Hen
ley* to care for an orphan boy whom they
received Into their home a year ago led
Lafferty to give him shelter. Ill, feeling
sprang from this circumstance and quar
rels ensued.
Moon transformer house. They were
placed in jail, where they still remain.
Officers are searching for two others of
the fourteen against whom warrants have
been issued on the same charge.'
Another development In the labor
troubles to-day was the filing of suits
against twelve members of the Citizens'
League by the miners who were trans
ported. In all twelve suits were filed,
each asking for damages in the sum of
$10,000.
His conduct was so unbearable toward my
wlf*> yesterday that I V'ent to his room this
morning to remonstrate with him. His reply
to my protests was an attempt to . take my
life with the rifle he had by his bedside. Be
fore I could move he pr»»sed It against my
Lafferty always hatPd me. Ever nince hla
cominK to live with us three months ago
h^ has b^en very quarrelsome and abuMve.
H« was particularly abusive of my wife who
is his daughter. Only yesterday h<« threatened
my life. He has Imagined all along that the
home we live In Is his.
After the shooting Henle;- hurried off
to call Dr.C R. Blake, who. upon exam
ining Lafferty's wound, declared that he
could not live. Henley was much dis
tressed when informed of the nature of
the wound, and later in the day he gave
himself up to Deputy Sheriff Moitoza, ac
companying the surrender with a state
ment of his side of the tragedy. lie said:
struck a comb in the left upper pocket of
his vest and glanced off, doing no harm.
The second pierced the neck on the right
side. Just missed the Jugular vein and
came out on the left side, inflicting a
wound from which the victim is slowly
bleeding to death.
MERCED, Aug. 11.— The proposition to
issue bonds to the amount of $65,00 for
a city water plant and $16,000 for a light
ing system was voted down to-day by a
large" majority after an exciting contest.
The vote stood for issuing water bonds
164, against 221; for issuing light bonds
156, against 221. The Crocker Estate Com
pany owns the water and light system
now supplying the city./-
Vote Against a Bond Issue.
PROMINENT POINT RICHMOND CHURCHMAN AND REAL ESTATE
DEALER WHO SHOT AND FATALLY WOUNDED HIS WIFE'S FA
THER, AND SCENE OB' STRUGGLE THAT PRECEDED TRAGEDY.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 11.— J. R. Young
and his son Edward of Guadalupe "were
arrested to-day for the alleged swindling
of the Century Mining Company by pass
ing counterfeit aluminum checks at the
company's store. The Sheriff raided the
Youngs' place -and, found a large number
of spurious checks. Mrs. Young stated
that they were made in Portland and
shipped to her husband. The checks were
of 10, 25 and 50 cent values.
They Are Accused of Passing Coun
terfeit Aluminum Checks at
a Trading Depot.
SERIOUS CHARGES BROUGHT
AGAINST FATHER AND SON
MINERS CAUSE
MANY ARRESTS
Henley had not got down more than one
or two steps, however, before Lafferty
assaulted his daughter and, after knock
ing her down, regained possession of the
rifle, with which he again made an at
tempt on the life of his son-in-law. For
tunately for Henley, the rifle again failed
to explode, and while Larrerty was pre
paring to pull the trigger a. third time
Henley drew his pistol, a 22-callber wea
pon, and fired three times.
Two of Henley's shots struck Lafferty's
body and one went astray. The first
KNOCKS DOWN DAUGHTER.
The shooting followed a fierce struggle
for possession of a rifle in the hands of
Dr. Lafferty, In which Mrs. Henley took
an active part. Henley went to the barn
in which Lafferty sleeps at 6:30 o'clock
to remonstrate with him for abusive lan
guage used a few days ago. This enraged
Lafferty so that he seized a rifle and,
pressing it against his accuser's stomach,
pulled the trigger.
The cartridge "in the rifle failed to ex
plode, and Henley, to save himself,
grabbed the stock and fought to wrest it
from Lafferty's grip. While the men were
rolling over and over on the floor, clasped
In each other's arms and lighting for life,
Mrs. Henley came in. She pleaded with
the antagonists to stop lighting, and
finally succeeded in taking the rille from
them. A truce was then agreed upon and
at Mrs. Henley's bidding Henley started
to go downstairs.
BERKELEY/, Aug. 11*.— A long se
ries of family quarrels, due to a
dispute over property, culminat
ed in the fatal shooting of Dr.
William H. Lafferty, a veterin
ary surgeon, by his son-in-law, George C.
Henley, a real estate dealer and deacon
of the First Baptist Church, early this
morning, at the home of the participants
at Point Richmond.
FRESNO, Aug. 11.— The City Board of
Health has taken up the consideration of
the question whether the process em
ployed in the large fruit canning estab
lishments is injurious to health. Dr.
Aiken, the City Health Officer, has re
ported the use of caustic soda solution in
one'of the largest canneries. A quantita
tive analysis of samples of canned fruit
solutions was ordered and upon the report
the board will take action.
The commercial advantage reported in
connection with the use of caustic solu
tion is in quickly peeling the fruit- and
saving the wages of manual labor. Com
plaint was also made that girls working
in this cannery department are injuriously
affected from colic.
Discover- That a Caustic Soda Solu
tion Is Used in the Peel
ing Department.
PHYSICIANS INVESTIGATE
LARGE FRUIT CANNERIES
The Secretary of the Navy has ordered
the armored cruiser New York to Seattle
during the session of the congress and
she will be placed at the disposal of the
local entertainment and reception com
mittee.
Among the prominent men who will
address the congress are F. H. Newell,
chief engineer of the geological survey,
who has charge of irrigation work in
the west and' who comes as the represent
ative of President Roosevelt: United
States Senator McCumber of North Da
kota; John Barrett; President Klrby of
the congress: R. \V. Richardson, secre
tary of the National Good Roads Asso
ciation; Senator Patterson of Colorado,
and Truman G. Palmer, secretary of the
National Beet Sugar Association. Pres
ident Hill, of the Great Northern, has
promised to attend and deliver a paper
on "American Commerce," provided other
engagements do not prevent.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— Arrangements are
practically complete for the fourteenth
annual session of the trans-Mississippi
Commercial Congress, which convenes in
this city August IS. The session will end
August 22. Very low rates made by the
transcontinental passenger association
from the Mississippi River, the South
west and the intermountaln States will,
it is believed, bring several thousand vis
itors and delegates to Seattle and the
northwest.
Arrangements * Are Completed for
Meeting of the Trans-Missis
sippi Commercial Congress.
PUBLIC MEN OF NOTE
' WILL ATTEND SESSION
In a eross-comjilaint to a suit for di
vorce filed by Clayton C Smith he denies
that he is a crur-1 husband. He asks that
his wife's prayer for divorce l»e denied
and that he be granted a decre-e on the
ground of her infidelity. He says that
ehe thinks more of a man named Jacobs
than she doe? of him and say* niso that
Mrs. Smith once told him that Fhe de
t»Fted him and was in love with one
Harr;- Abrams.
A suit for divorce was also filed by
Christina Busch against Joseph S. Busch.
Cruelty is charged.
Anna Franca is suing; Jose Franca, a
jeweler, for divorce for cruelty. They
were married in January, 1M»9. She
charges that all during their married life
ht compelled her to put on his stockings
and lace his shoes and that frequently
during the performance of the latter ser
vice he would cuff her on the head. She
*ay.s that he also compelled her to drink
v.hi^ky apainst her will, enforcing- his
order at the point of a revolver.
Don Bennett was refused a divorce from
Mabel Bennett by Judge Graham. He
failed to prove his charge of desertion.
Mrs. Bennett, who is in Colora-io. in an
8fT5davit stated that Bennett had aban
doned her and his children and asked
thr- court to compel him to support her.
OBJECTS TO BEING VALET
The records in the marriaze license
office at the City Hall show that this is
pot Ajrncw's first appearance In the di-
Vorce court. In the affidavit made by
him the day he secured the license to
wed his present wife he swore that he
had been divorced from Rachel Agnew
Corvallis. Or., fifteen years ago. The
tame affidavit also shows that when he
took out the license he was Just twice
the age of the woman who is now suing
for divorce, she being at that time 23
years of age.
an attorney, but denied that he had ever
served him except In his ministerial ca
pacity. Layson is at present living in
Centerville- »
Dr. Agr.ew has offices In the Donohoe
building. He is a specialist and accord.
ing to his wife enjoys an lntome of sev
eral hundred dollars a month. She says
that he also has several thousand dol
iars in bank and sports an automobile
that is worth $HXW. She asks icr a de
cree of divorce and $T5 a month alimony.
Agnew refused to discuss fcis family
affairs last night, saying that bis time
to talk had not yet arrived. When ques
tioned about Layson he admitted that he
was a minister of the gospel and also
SPOETS AUTOMOBILE.
The wedding of the Agnews took place
on December 1, last, in this city.
ceremony was performed by Laysolx, a
life-long friend of the physician, who,
in addition to being a minister of the
(rospcl of the Methodist persuasion, is
also an attorney at law. For twenty-five
days the couple lived happily together
and then, according to the complaint in
divorce, troubles commenced. Mrs. Ag
ncw says that on Christmas day her hus
band commenced abusing her with the
Intention of forcing her to leave him-
She says that he told her he liad made
a mistake in marrying her and offered her
I— iO if she would Leave him and get a
divorce. She says that he even resorted
to every sort of threat and that when
he found that by such means he could
not obtain her consent to return to her
mother and allow him to regain his free
dom he tried persuasion. Abuse followed.
the says, and then a FueS'^stlon that
she transfer her affections to another
man. "If I could enly get you stuck on
another man," she alleges he said, "I
could get rid of you soon enough."
The minister-attorney took a hand in
the Agnew matrimonial row aj: this junc
ture, says Mrs. Agnew. She charges that
the man who married her to the phy
sician came to her as her husband's at.
torney and presented to her for her sig
nature an agreement which provided that
upon the receipt of $250 she would leave
Agnew and return to her mother in Port
land and allow him to eet a divorce.
MINISTER AIT ATTORNEY.
When pretty Susie P. Thompson of
Portland became the wife of Dr. William
Perm Agnew In December of last year
che did not reckon that before four weeks
had passed she would be an unhappy
wife and that within eight months from
the day of her marriage she would be
a plaintiff in an action for divorce.
Neither did she think that the Rev. Wil
liam Layson, who j>erformed the cere
mony that made her the wifa of Dr.
Agnew, would within that Bhort time be
come as anxious to untie the matrimonial
knot as he had been to tie it. She thinks
so now at any rate, for yesterday eho
filed an action for divorce in which she
charges her husband with treating 1 her
in a cruel and inhuman manner and says
also that Rev. Mr. Layson has acted as
her husband's emissary In his endeavors
to compel her to leave him and seek a
divorce.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 11.— A deci
sion which is of great interest to cities
of the fifth class throughout the State
was rendered here to-day in the habeas
corpus proceedings which were recently
instituted by M. A. Pace, president of
the San Bernardino Retail Grocers* Asso
ciation, who Imd been arrested for re
fusing to take out a license under the
terms of a taxing ordinance adopted last
month by the Board of City Trustees.
The ordinance which Pace violated is
one passed to secure much needed ,reve
nue for city improvements and 'provides
for a special license tax on more than
fifty business trades, including the gro
cery business. The merchants rebelled
at the idea of restoring a depleted treas
ury by means of special taxation and
they retained attorneys to break the ordi
nance. A bitter contest followed and in
the decision rendered to-day the ordinance
is declared to be invalid. It was decided
that a municipality of the class in which
San Bernardino finds herself cannot tax
a business for revenue only.
The main contention^jf counsel for the
Grocers' Association was that a business
of ,the character of a grocery trade was
not one which needed police regulation
and was not the subject of a special tax
by the municipality. It was further con
tended that the ordinance in question ar
bitrarily designated a certain class of tax
payers who must pay a special tax in
addition to the regular rate and no legal 1
or constitutional reason could be shown
for this discrimination. The court in de
ciding the .application for the writ of
habeas corpus held with the grocers on
both points.
The effect of the decision under the
law as it now stands is tnat no city or
ganized under' the municipal incorpora
tion biH* of this State can require a li
cense of any lawful business except in
such business as may require police reg
ulation. The decision will greatly ham
per the collection of taxes, which are
needed for public improvements in tnis
city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captain Bambur and Lieutenant Gra
ham went to Merced to-day to vote on
a bond election and Lieutenant Hooper
was placed in command of the company.
One man was placed in the guardhouse.
On his arrival here he deserted and last
evening he was found and placed in the
guardhouse.
In the Second Regiment camp Captain
Voss of Company D of Marysville was
officer of the day and Lieutenant Porter
of Comuanv B of Colusa officer of the
guard. Lieutenant Rawson of Company
F of Woodland arrived to-day.
Elevens from the Seventh and Sixth
regiments are to meet on the gridiron
Thursday. There are expert players
among the soldiers, some of them hav
ing been members of the Stanford team
and others of St. Matthew's Academy
team. A baseball game is being arranged
for the benent of the families of the
militiamen of Placervllle who were killed
by the escaped Folsom convicts.
A grand ball for the officers and men
of the regiment is to be given at the
armory to-morrow evening. Thursday
evening a moonlight picnic will be held
at the BIk Trees.
In Camp Dickinson Captain Wilson of
Company F of Fresno was officer of the
day and Lieutenant H. G. Haley of Com
pany G of ¦ Bakersfleld officer of the
guard.
.Strict military discipline was enforced
to-day and none were allowed to enter
or leave camp without a pass.
The morplng was spent In regimental
and battalion drills. The camps are for
work! and the officers will see that the
men receive all necessary Instruction.
Troop B of cavalry arrived at 10:30 this
morning at Camp Dickinson. The men
are commanded by Captain Kay and
Lieutenants Bowden and Kelly. The cav
alrymen traveled by rail to San Fran
cisco, where they mounted and made the
remaining part of the trip on horseback.
They camped at Glenwood last night.
They are I to remain in camp for two
weeks.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 11.— The event of
the day at Camp Stone and Camp Dick
inson was ' the arrival of Major General
John H. Dickinson and staff. They were
met at the narrow gauge depot by a de
tail from the Sixth Regiment. Both
camps were inspected and a review was
held in honor of the visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Avers That Rev. Mr. Layson
Represents Him in Di
vorce Suit.
Decision Is of Great Interest
to Oitfes of the Fifth
Class.
Major General Dickinson
Pays a Visit to the Camp
at Santa Cruz.
Henley was taken to the County Jail at
Martinez this afternoon to answer the
charge of assault to commit murder pre
ferred by his father-in-law and perhaps
the graver charge of murder. An affect
ing scene took place between husband
and wife in the rear of the Union saloon,
which answers the purpose of both court
room and Jail, Just before the officers
-I fed my horses this morning and then went
upstairs, to my room. Henley followed and
said Inla threatening way: "What did you
mean by saying I would leave this place be
fore you?" I told him I didn't say It. He
said:- "You did." I said: "Who told you
so?" He said: "Alice, my wife, told me, so."
"Well," I said "I don't want any of your
insinuations aro'und here. Get out of here."
Then I turned around to slap him in the face
and a« I turned he began shooting. Then I
ran to get what I supposed was a crowbar.
But it wa"B a rifle. He kept shooting all the
time, and finally my daughter came upstairs
and took the rifle from me.
Lafferty, even after, having been told
that he could not live, was very bitter
against his son-in-law, and was in so un
forgiving a frame of mind that he signed
a complaint against Henley, charging him
with assault' to commit murder. The
statement he made of the affair differs
from that of the Henleys, but in the main
points is substantially the same. He said:
stomach and pulled the trigger. It did not go
oft and I fought with him. While we were
fighting: my wife came in and took the rifle
away and I started • to go, for I did .not want
any more trouble. Then Lafferty knocked my
wife • down •' and took the rifle from her and
aimed it at me again. He pulled the trigger
once ' and " was " going to do so again when I
fired at him; I don't know how many times.
I am sorry I shot him and I hope he will
not die but I shot him in defense of my life.
If I hadn't shot him he surely would , have
killed me if not to-day, then some other
time. " v
WIPE BLAMES HER FATHER.
Henley's story was corroborated In
every , detail by Mrs. Hehley, who was
present almost at the beginning of the
trouble. '
Drilling Takes Up Con
siderable Portion of
the Day.
Tax Measure Passed in
San Bernardino Is
• Invalid.
Dr. Agnew's Wife Claims
Parson Is Husband's
Emissary.
SAYS MINISTER
ACTS DUAL ROLE
SOLDIER BOYS
ARE KEPT BUSY
GROCERS KNOCK
OUT ORDINANCE
GEORGE C. HENLEY, A BAPTIST DEACON,
FATALLY SHOOTS HIS FATHER-IN-LAW
At Point Richmond Dr. William- H. Lafferty Twice Tries to Kill
Daughter's Husband With a'Rifle, Knocks Down the Woman
and Is Pierced by Bullets From His Antagonist's Revolver
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST J2, 1903:
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S\jn-Bvirn
Mosquito end Insect Bites, Prickly"
Hcet, Oak Poisoning and Hive* cared
quickly by the prompt application of
This harmless Germicide
allays inflammation and cures by
killing the germs that cause the
trouble. Hydrozone is a standard
medical preparation, universally
used and endorsed by the medical
profession.
At all leading drag-gists, or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See ray signature on bottle-
C1.O Prince St., New-York
Booklet en request. '
.Don't you know Schilling's
Best
tea baJueg-povder cpices
cc£ee flavoring extrccti sod*
are moneyback? All at your
grocer's.
Instructions for Framing
"THE QJ.D ARMY. CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Invite Attention to Their
Special Suits for Boys and Children
At a 'Uniform Price of
This is. not a cut price nor a limited-time offer.
These suits we sell regularly throughout the year at this
price — "Three-fifty."-
We cannot sell a suit for any less that will give
satisfaction. We make it our special aim — in which we
are confident we have succeeded — to give the very best
possible value for the money.
SF " We have an immense trade in this special line. If
you want a good suit at a reasonable price, you can't, do
better than to try a "ROOS-MADE" "Three-fifty" suit
for your boy.
FOR BOV5 3 TO 10 YEARS
Sailor Suits of All-Wool Serge, in Red, Brown, Navy and Royal Blue; •
blouses trimmed with 6 rows soutache braid: embroidered nautical em-
blems, and sailor knot ties; pants with taped seams and lined through-
out with silesia.
BOYS' 2-PIECE 1 SUITS, 8 to 16 years $3.50
Standard 2-piece Suits of Cheviots, Tweeds and Cassuneres; also our %
favorite Navy Blue All- Wool. Cheviot Suits, pants with reinforced
• seats and knees, and a limited number of Blue Serge Norfolk Suits,
air alike for the one price. <
RQO5 BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
DR. XTLMXr&'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TOJIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let It stand twenty-four tours; '
a sediment or settling indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; It It
stains the linen it is evidence of kidney
trouble; too freqrsnt desire to pass It, or
pain In the back Is also convincing proof
that the kidneys 'and bladder ar« out «t
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every wish In curing rheuma-
tism, pain in the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold wa-'
ter and scalding pain in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of reins compelled to go often dur-
ing the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in flfty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about it. both
sent absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. T. "When
writing be sure to mention that you r*ad
this generous offer In Th<*> San Francisco
Daily Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name, Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton. N. Y., on every bottla.
R riSr*! Tt¥jl— \8 mm m^. VI
9 B U h frsi ra n| BlflUuH
x JB »f e£«9 rl ""Ssi *mfl
] Q a Km SSfSm II HE 81 ¦»¦** e
Q'Ti '%'%'%'% J la J %'% J % J tfc,tX'%>
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
) MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
d £$ i:51 KA3SJTK. tot fti«».8.T.W.i
\ .Ey The Lvreit Autooicat Mumuib 1» Qm \
§ -. 3%2>v World. Weaknesses or an* eonu»c«ed 4
iBil disease p«.UI»«ly ear<4 by the olden W
O fiSti 1 Specially on the Coast. Ejl 34 years. O
iflBt? ft 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN j
f CPw5n Consultation free and strictly prtrat*. \
I XnfB Treatment personally or by letter. A M
R W Tl H *•"'**•• Cur * "> eT «y ***• nademkm. W
r 1/ lit? Wme for Book - r sui.oaorsiY •* A
a II ¦ MABB1ACK. MAILED FMX, (Af
X Q fjL vataable book for mm) \
* I>K. JUKI* AX dt CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F. f
JQ Those suffering from weak-
*•' nesses which sap the pleasures
. * * " of life should take Juven Pills.
isj One bottle will ten a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made by its originators C. I. Hood (^..pro-
prietors Hood's fc'araaparilla. LowelL Mass*
STATEMENT
——OF THE— ;
CONDITION AND ATFAIB3
OF .THE—
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D.. 1902. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to tbe provisions of sections 810 an<i
(ill of tbe Political Code, condensed as par
blank furnished by tho Commissioner:
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash I 1.500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate Owned by Company..! 2.622,000 85
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,292.879 IS
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 20,921,678 10
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 8,181.281 25
Cash in Company's Office 8.7M 67
Cash In Banks 635.779 S4
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 294.073 SS
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 180.043 44
Bills receivable, not matured.... 83.401 M
Rents due and accrued 6,527 80
Rewrsions owned absolutely by
the Ccmpany 2.014,768 33
Due from other companies and
from agents 1,239.040 38
Stamps 1.T5O S3
Total Assets 132.481.766 4S
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....
Losses in process of adjustment
or In suspense.; ¦$ 494,103 94
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ....._
Gross premiums on Fire Risks : ¦ ' >?
running one year or less;
$ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent • 2.40O.M4 48
Crops Premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
$ ; reinsurance pro rata.
Liability under Life Department.. 21,748,907 S3
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 11,047 29
Bills payable 1,055 23
All ether liabilities 288,343 12
Total liabilities HibH^fJ 5
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums S 4,801,828 83
Net cash actually received for Life
premiums 1,335,535 38
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources..... 1,038.467 63
Received for Rents 63.669 93
Received for sale of Annuities... 333.133 S3
Total Income..- $ 7.575,636 19
EXPENDITUIIES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including: S , losses of pre-
vious years) 9 2.235.494 14
Ket amount paid for Life losses
(including 9 losses of pre-
vious years). 1.30S.91S 71
Dividends to .Stockholders 451.368 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 781,785 53
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 831,291 42
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 128,398 41
All other payments and expendi-
tures 365.238 83
Total Expenditures 1 6.1S2.503 08
FIRE. ~
Losses Incurred during tbe year..! 2.351.682 35
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks -'."*'
written during the
year $1,563,827,047 $4,801,828 93
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1.447.194,542 4.443.70153
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 1 1.042.551.365 3.201.213 28
W. E. HtTBBARD. Chairman.
H. E. WILSON, General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of April. 1003.
H. G. BISHOP. Notary Public.
* .western Department,
Monadnock Block, Chicago.
G. H. LERMIT, Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH OFFICE,
230 California Street
WALTER J. WILSON. Besidest Msaigtr.
-AHPEL & BKUCKMAN, City Agents
209 Sansome Street.
Telephone Main 579*-Yesterday,' xaominsr It was evident that
a large x'ote would be cast. Many voters
who In the paat few years have Ignored
primary elections -came forward and de
posited tbelr ballots. Before 2 o'clock, in
the afternoon nearly every one who had
the privilege of suffrage had exercised It
tnd both Eides commenced, to iraj.ber.ln
,'riendly ttragglers. There was an air of
•-• vt-tcry about the result, as most of the
The battla was made to wrest tho dis
trict away from Jesse Marks, .who has
held it ior the last sixteen .years.,- An in
defatigable opponent. Ittnry~AXh,made"
Marks bustle. Much campaigning had
been^donft-ajul .tbe delegates and theft
friends" sat up piL6 In V}6 tiight,iscberalng
for votes. Many of Marks*' old supporters
Irf t him. J3e .found . .bis forces • rather
shattered and threw' renewed energy into
the struegie. '., ;¦; irC-y^-i *',-• -:-•¦.• ;
The election in the Fortieth Aseembfy
District was one of the quietest h«ld" in
lhat pection tor years. At none of the
six polling places was tb«?re a single in
cident that would tend to destroy order
and a general spirit -of friendllnees pre
vailed between the opposition camps. It
bad been predicted that bitterness might
enter into the fight, but such waa 'not the
case. bSJ
Both of the Republican tickets were
known as United Republican League tick-"
cts and both had th» backing of certain
high powers in the league. John Lynch
»as known to be openly favorable to the
Crimmins ticket, while Ruef was said. to
countenance the Welch end of the fight.
The Welch ticket waa euccessful. ' '
Senator Jlichard J. Welch fathered one
of the Republican tickets and Phil Crim
mins was behind the other, although
Crimmins was too busy in other parts of
the city to pay personal attention to this
district. He was represented by Jimmy
Boyle and Felix Dugan, who kept Jtiuey
In rubber-tlrod buggies rounding up such
vote« «ui they thought w«re safe for their
delegates.
Order prevailed throughout the Thirty
second District, although there were two
Republican tickets In the field and the
rivalry among the factions was very
irreat. Not a single fight attributable to
the election was reported from any of the
precincts in the district. The statuesque
policemen stationed at the polls had noth
ing more to do than lend beauty to the
ecene.
With the exception of a trivial row
between two members of the rival fac
tions, the election passed off quietly in
the Forty-fourth District. The United
Republican League had the most ardent
supportrrs and when the polls closed it
*¦&* plainly evident that the cause of
irtip Republicanism had won by a large
mtlorlty. Martin Kelly had a number
of his "workers" in the field, but despite
their efforts to win votes for the de
throned boss they could not stem the
tide of defeat.
Jesse Marks' Defeat in Fortieth Blow
to Boss Element.
EVEBY POINT CONTESTED.
Fortr-Mcofid District— Ed N. * Ayera. John
A, Clover. James F. Cosirrove/ Milton M Da
vis. Don :R. Dunbar. H. Galey. P.\M. Gonche.
vltch. Greenbautn. Robert A Grier
Thorn** M. Gannon. Jesse D. Hannah William
J. Jlerrin. Frank V. Keesllnr. ' B. G Kuw?
Charlw T. Llndsey. George A. McGowan P
£? -Ja^Mcntanya. -Dr. W. A. McQnitty, Harry
£; '.rT™ 1 "- S**?** H - 8 **«*o™- ow««a
Wellington. Charles A.' Westcott. S. A. White
Forty-third District— Thotraa -D. Rlordan
waiter S. Brann. Luther Klklnw, Samuel H*
Kent, James D. Brown. Philip J. Huklcs o'
M. Marsh. Charles Sonntag. I. J. Truman Jr.!
William H. Gallagher, Thomas K. McCarthy
O; Beatty, Lester G
Burnett. Charles -A'. Murdock. John C. Currier'
Albert R • .Castle, Henry . J. Crocker. ' Milton H
Esberg. Isaac F. "Kydd. Robert N. Trick? : Louis
B. Beedy.'.Maxiwn Mcjfun. WUI lam. Barton
Hortce.J.- Perarzi. George M. WlleoV- William
B. CalMcan. Charles A. Son. . Charles U Ba™
OarencW S J S h ~T-- dOlPl ?- & SchWart *'
Thlrty-seven'h' 4 Di»trlct — C. B. Perkins. R.
V. • Lucy. M. J. 'Waldhelmer. Anthony Gal
lagher. Thomas E. Haven r JI. T. Sime, H.
iBlume, John R. McGufflck, I. Werthelmer, Jo
seph de Forrest. TV':. J. , Young, F. Bookman Jr.
H. Newbursrh,- Fred C. Jones. E. L. Cook. John
E. Green.' S. Bloom.* James Cairns, W.' S. Den
«*..-• Qe<r-fff.' TV.-* Senelt,- James £ Stevens, J. c.
Cullen.- Chirfw F. Craig, Lee *V. McDonald.
T>fe4:W.. Frank*.; ¦/ >¦ . : -. •-, v. - •?¦ ......
Tfehi>'-*iwhth' District — Isidore Oolden. Dr.
Ttnjrlow.aiUlwVi J-iha ; J> Q'^rlen./M. W. Mc
,IBtD*^."JL".M; r 'AakIns.-I>r. Joseph, A.' Welsh,
Pa\*M.M 1 B.; l Falj!U)r.. ;>£«; Govern. John A.
Certfne; Jains*" Samuel; Martin Tledemann Jr.
Frarjlt-J. • Murphy. , A. -A. iFr1»£Tander. William
M«dli#.:J#»S9 ftIarer,.'A v .L^ Well, Jamea Geddes.
A*;Vaa .gsr.?^iaiUeji.*J*.<,- J'.^T. .N'ourse; P. A
¦Uevrotv^a.'-miel «i,BecJc«tC-A."iM.' Cdrrie. m'
Xe,fJUfrfS*titi!\;*3rttB:-Ji-jRa}Uv*ni . Myrtle Cerf!
.-'^rty ; -ptri*h : pUttta^n. > :'.nxrcountryman,
If^t*tO*JV; IJGtra |L .-, A Itken, • Joseph A.
¦Jtojarpot*, -a.-.&.^wihff,, J.c n,:.WhitBcy; J. T.
fWOTa*iir.---.Crawf <>rd *TV.< Dc«iclafc»^ ,*WyilI»ni B.
• < *r^"-''/ 3 5i~&'H? l £' 6 **T»e^rt.'. : rjetcber. -T. E.
Atfete^on.-I.' lXjBliixanne.. Ffaxflt-.w:-- Corhyn.
r^?^?* t!t3t 2F!^ ixiet S- ii V ir f ¦ Afen * -Joseph G.
Glesl\ng.TVtnt«m-&t>iX'<K>a. Chajfea G, Clinch
¦EdnuiwJ •WatBfzfcyJ'i. John .Henderson,- Georpe F
Mero Jr., Sol Cahen, Thomas "P. "Woodward
Ira C. Hayes. Emile E. Kahn, Abraham Levy
Btephen S. Edmonds Jr., " Charles 'E.' l BarlIn>r'
Eanford Felgenbaum. Thcmaa.'Brodle; fci Ed
ward 'McNair. Maurice L.;Asher, Randolph J
Garrity. -Aaron H. Powers Marlon" D>, Conn'
Samuel ."MtfBtrney. ¦¦ . . . ¦ • .. • "*"*"*"•
Thirty-sixth District — Charles H. J. Truman,
Charles A. Qulnn. John Tonningsen, M V.
Taylor. Charles R. Burke. H. W. Fraser,
Charles de la Fontaine. H. J. Alexander, John
H. W. Muller. Charles \V. Baker, Frank M.
Stevens. William J. Winterbottom, F. W. Bur
.nett, J. A. Plymlre. Walter R. -Van Loon.
Zachary T. Barber, James Hannon.
Thirty-flfth District— John J. Daly. John S.
Partridge. W. H. Smith. E. Trittenbach. F.
Berna, Ralph L. Hathon, George W. Elder,
H N. Hall, E. J. Lynch. Clifford McCIellan
Charles B. Kltch. William H. Cobb, R. H.
Stafford. Edward F. Treadwell. Morris J. Win
ter Jr.. E. R. Pease. Thomas C. Maher, John
II. Dawson. Joseph Windrow, William Metz
ner. David J. Creamer.
Thirty-third District— John F. Feno. James
J. Ryan, John Hogan. W. H. Cole, Charles F.
Daley. J. L. Taaffe. John F. McGowan, Joseph
W. McTlrue. Fred J. Meincke.
Thirty-fourth District— Edward M. Ritter.
Alonzo Davidson. William J. Guilfovle. Fred
Ritchie. Joaeph 8. Nyland. George AJ Merrill.
William Gleeson. John J. O'Brien. John J.
Hore, A. Dufree, Fred Severance, Robert
Ktrahle. John S. Drew, E. B. Ring, II. A.
Bilay, J. H. Belser.
Thlrty-flrst District — T. C. Dull, George
Wiramer, William J. McDonnell, W. S. Covey,
Thomas Sullivan, George I. Raychester,
<-harles M. Erickson, James Higgins, Jamea
Moran. Henry M. Ryan, David Kenny, Kd
w«rd Early. George R. Crary.
Thirty-second District— John B. Rider, Hal
lie B. Davidson. L. C. Cull, Joseph T. Norton.
Edward Wesslinsr, Thoma* Cavanautrh, Ed
ward Aikens. Frank J. Mitchell. George C.
Jacobsen. Frank J. FItzpatrick, John J. Hen
nessy. Fred W. Zimmerman. R. G. Rock,
Frank J. Weiss.
Thirtieth District — Joseph Bertram. Harry
Hall. Thomas M. Walsh, Francis McXaruara.
F. E. Wallace. Frank Roach, Louis Claveloux.
I* M. Hollingsworth, Edward J. Dunnlnir, Isa
<lore Erb, Frank Daunet, William J. Walsh,
Harris Bernard, Thomas F. Roberts, James
K. Lawler.
The Republican local nominating con
vention will meet on Tuesday, Septem
ber .15. at 8 p. m., to nominate. a Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors. Treasurer, As
sessor, Tax Collector, Recorder, City At
torney, District Attorney, Public Admin
istrator, County Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner
and two Police Judges.
The following 319 delegates to the
convention were chosen by the, voters of
the party at the primary election yester
day:
Twenty-eighth District — J. C. Kirkpatrick,
¦Walter Macaulcy, John A. Barr, James Mof
fat, William J. Harrlnston, Edward \V.
Hauchy, Richard Grimes, Walter L«rsen, J.
J. Fanning. Fred J. Hopper, John F. Runge,
Oeorne Cooney. H. W. Peterson.
Twenty-ninth District — Jaraejs J. McQueeney,
Leon Samuels, John F. Mitchell. Charles II.
Ooldbeck, Richard Cox, William H. Cannon.
William L. Hhys, James N. Nil&on, Hyman
l>?vy. William. Koehler. John S. Elliott, John
li. Nagelmaker.
Those Who Will Select the Next
Municipal Ticket.
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES.
The fight In the Twenty-eighth District
was a clean one and the result was a
foregone conclusion soon after the polls
opened.
Some of Kelly's men were proclaiming
last night that they had been defeated by
the use of money, but no attention was
paid to the;«e assertions.
Martin Kelly was hopelessly beaten in
the Twenty-eighth District long before
noon yesterday. The Republicans in the
district voted early for the delegates on
the ticket ' headed by Colonel Kirkpatrick
of the Palace Hotel, and before the noon
hour Kelly and his lieutenants -admitted
that they had been beaten. The predic
tion that Kelly would be defeated by a
vote of two to one was verified last' night
when the votes were ciunted and the
handsome majority of 2H3 votes was an
nounced for the "Kirkpa.trlck ticket."
There was no report made by the police
of any trouble at the polls In Martin Kel
ly's home district, and whe nthe follow
ers of the boss realized that there was
no chance of victory, they left the neigh
borhood of the polling booths and the aft
ernoon hours of the election were very
quiet.
Last night at the headquarters of the
United Republican League there was
great rejoicing over the result of the
election, and many predictions of Repub
lican victory in November. Among the
defeated Jesse Marks exhibits the least
soreness, but he admits that the result
was a surprise.
The honor of overthrowing Martin Kel
ly belongs in a measure to Harbor Com
missioner John C. Kirkpairick, who head
ed the league ticket In the Twenty-eighth.
Henry Ach headed the ticket in the
Fortieth that put Jesse Marks in the back
row. In the Thirty-eighth Alex Truman
was easy game for one of his brightest
pupils, Isidore Golden.
Senator Dick Welsh deserves special
credit for the defeat of the Crimmins
ticket in %4e Thirty-second District.
LEAGUE BEJOICES.
t The victory won by the adherents of
the t'nited Republican Ix>apue was com
plete anfl derisive. The overwhelming de
feat of boss Martin Ke!iy in his own
stronghold, the Twenty-eighth Assembly
Dlstrict, will be accepted by the people of
thfr State at large as a most gratifying
triumph In the cause of clean politics.
One of the closest fights on ..ne Repub
lican field was In the Forty-first Assem
bly District, where Judpo Dibble, rein
forced by members of the Horace Davis
Club, unfurled the banner of "Home
Rule" and gave battle to the league. Dib
ble dispiayed good generalship, but the
tried a.nd true Republicans of the district
supported the league ticket and won out
by a majority of 9*. In other districts
where opposition was put up the league
won by these majorities:
Twenty-^ijrhth TMstrict. 2!>.1; Thirtieth. 2Z3;
Thirty-second. 1«S:. TJilrty-third, ••: Thlrty
fpurth. lM: Thlrty-Hfhth. .TTO: Thirty-ninth,
237: Fortieth. 2Tti; Forty-s»con<3. 2T6: Forty
third; MS; Fnrty-fourth. 330; Forty-fifth. 050.
VICTORY COMPLETE.
Henry C. Dibble. Alex Truman
and Felix Dugan. In the labor camp
Michael Casey is prostrate. Jim O'Brien
and Sam Rainry" of ' the Democratic
Leafrue are down and Gavin McNab and
M. Jasper McDonald are again winners.
The total vote at the primary as fore
casted by The Call exceeded SJ.OOO. The
oflicial figures at .the Registrar's office
place the number at :6,CC1. As predicted
the Republican vote was much larger
ihsn that of any other political party.
.This response on the part of Republican
vorVrc is regarded as a sign that the
party will win out at the municipal
flection on Tuesday. November 3. Yes
terday the Republicans cast 13.30G votes,
the Democrats 7443. the -Union Laboritcs
5066 and the Socialists 206.
THE battip of the primaries is over
and among the slain on the Re
publican field are Martin Kelly.
Jcfse Marks, Phil Crimmins,
Kelly ran across the street and was lost
to view. When Fowzer appeared at the
polling place later to cast his vote he
was told that his name had already been
voted, and the election officers refused
to allow Fowzer to cast his vote, al
though some of the officers were in
favor of permitting him to exercise his
privilege.
Charles Dodge reported to the Regis
trar just as the polls were closing that
Artie Kelly had voted the name of
George Fowzer, the photographer, in the
Ninety-fifth general precinct. Forty
second Assembly District, located at 218
Eddy street. Dodge nays that he saw
Kelly coming out of the booth and when
he learned that the name of Fowzer had
been voted he called out to Kelly:
"Here, Kelly, your name is not Fow
zer."
voters brought their ballots pith them
and both factions found difficulty in keep
ing tab on how they stood.
In the afternoon Marks expressed grave
doubt that he would be able to hold his
district. Later he gave up hope. This
was a source of jubilation for the United
Republican League, and Ach's backers
awaited the result of the count. Marks
stated that he would die game an* wish
rd success to the man who might beat
him. Early in the evening the news
spread throughout the district that Marks
was down. There was great rejoicing
over the triumph at headquarters of the
Republican Primary League.
¦ At 3:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
George McGillivray telephoned to the
Registrar's office that Eddie Graney was
purchasing votes in the Interest of the
"Horse and Cart" ticket, and -was run
ning In Ftuffers at the polling placo, 1311
Taylor street, being Treclnct 100 |n the
Forty-third Assembly District. Registrar
Walsh immediately asked the Chief of
Police to detail two policemen to arrest
any one who was found violating the law.
Walsh also went to the polling place, but
did not find Graney there. Walsh ascer
tained from a negro nara^d Smith, who
was peddling tickets for Mayor Schmitz.
that some man had voted the name of
Harry Hill. The signature on the roster
did not in any way compare with the sig
nature of Harry Hill on the register.
Smith also said that a boy who was
evidently under age had voted another
voter's name, and that at least two other
stuffers had voted. Smith alleges that
just before the four votes were cast he
saw Graney accost a policeman who was
on duty at the polling place and take him
around the corner. Then the four stuff
ers are said to have voted the, names of
other electors.
Insures Nomination by the Repub
licans of Clean Men for Mu
nicipal Office.
RESULT IS DOWNFALL
OF KELLY AND MARKS
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. 11.— Walter
Edgar, a 15-year-old boy, has confessed
to the police that he wedged a large bolt
in the; frog of Jthe 'Saltair track at tha
crossing at Ninth and West streets last
night with the object of wrecking one of
the Saltair passenger trains. The bolt
was discovered only a few moments be
fore a' heavily laden train went by and
had not the obstruction been removed
the loss of life would have been heavy.
The police believe Edgar's motive was re
venge ' for : having been driven away by
the trainmen while attempting to steal,
rides. •
Timely Discovery of Obstacle on
Track Prevents Heavy Loss
of Life.
SALT LAKE BOY ADMITS
TRYING TO WBECK TBAIN
International Body Makes a Num
ber of Substitutions and
Amendments.
WASHINGTON. Aug. ll.-Fol!owlng is
a summary of tho changes made to-day
In the constitution of the International
Typographical Union:'
Providing that the International Union shall
derive Its revenues from dues amounting to
35 cents per month per member and from
payments for charters by subordinate unions
at $5 each.
Providing that in the distribution of funds
5 cents shall go to the general fund. 5 cents
to the special defense fund. 7^ cents to the
defense fund, 7W cents to the s*neral .fund
and 10 cents to the printers' home endowment
fund.
Declaring that the special defense fund shall
be devoted to defending the principles of
unionism, as applied to the printers' trade.
Prohibiting subordinate unions from Issuing
labels of unauthorized designs.
Amending section 4, article 7, of the by
laws, so as to provide that appeals to the
executive council shall be made within thirty
days.
Requiring that local dues shall be charged
from the first of each month.
Amending section 44, general laws, so as
to require the deposit of per capita tax pay
ments with the proper officer of '.he Jurisdic
tion In which he may be employed and re
quiring the suspension of members falling to
comply with this requirement.
Amending section 45, general' laws,- so as
to require the . reception of traveling • certifi
cates by secretaries of local unions if the
card is clear. ¦
Invalidating certificates of membership is
sued by suspended local unions.
—Authorizing the issuance of duplicate cer
tificates- for lost certificates and prescribing
the details of the proceeding. : •
Requiring learner^ on typesetting machines
to be members of .the union or applicants for
membership. . . .
Providing for the dlatrlbutlon cf labels
among subordinate unions' by the International
Union.' • • . : ?¦
Requiring that , International Union dues
shall be deposited by.the.SOth of the month
after their collection.
Authorizing the transfer of surplus receipts
in the burial fund to the general fund.
Prescribing regulations under which union
labels may be. Issued to employers In towns
where there is no union.
The electrotypers and stereotypers con
tinued their session to-day." There was
much discussion of the old question as to
the pressmen doing the work of stereo
typers aftd the practice was generally de
nounced. , -
CHANGES IN THE LAWS
OF TYPOGRAPHICAL, UNION
Forty-flrst, Schmitz ticket— Walter J. Hol
man, W. T. Bolton, Mario G. Bollo, Charles
Cook, William Strus* Jr., A. P. Bollo, James
F. Hamilton, E. C. Olson.
Forty-second, Schmitz ticket— M. Davis, H.
Menke, George Cooper. W. S. Couchman. Ed
ward J.' Klrwun. Frederick' D. . Mayer, James
McMahon, Edward Armstrong, . . Thomas M. s
Fletcher, Wallace D. Fosrus. ;.
Forty-third. Schmitz ticket— Burt La Rue,
John W. Spencer, Frank H. Manning, Joseph
Thirty-ninth, Casey ticket— W. C. Leffing
well, R. Cornelius, E. E. Meyers. Harry A.
Knox, D. V. Olson, W. G. Burton, S. Jacob
owltz, J. Dowd, Robert Kenny.
. Fortieth, Schmitz ticket — Richard F. . Ha
mann. Joseph S. Gavlgan, John Fullalove, Jo
•eph Welhman. '
Thirty-seventh, Schmitz ticket— Daniel Mo
rlarlty, Ralph Bennett, William McCarthy,
William O'Brien, James E. Donovan, John J.
Connolly, George Lang, Alexander Young,
Frank Button.
Thirty-eighth, Schmitz ticket— Eugene A.
Sfjrague, Joseph W, Bellet, Joseph Rlmlinger.
C. D. Okerlum, Stephen Gunn, Thomas J.
Kane, Jamea Nlcol, C. Z. Softos, O. M. Boyle,
Thomas E. O'Connor.
Thirty-sixth. Schmitz ticket— H. i Bunkers,
Albert L. Shepston, Frank N. Donovan, R. J.
Hahn, E. J. Deaver, C. A. Lovlu, Stephen J.
Ryan, Jacob Mayer, J. A. Donohue, James J.
Shepaton, William Corbett, John Sweeney. A.
T. Pederaen.
Twenty-ninth, ' Schmitz ticket — Frank A.
Markey. James J. Kennedy. Thomas F. Egan.
Timothy Nyhane, Thomas J. Shea. J. B. Mc-
Drrmott, Val D. Rellly. John J. Smith. "Wil
liam H. Fay. Peter M. Duffy. Samuel G. Wall,
Peter J. Garrlty Robert T Burke, James Cad
emortori. William Brennan, Frank L. Smith,
William II. Phillips
Thirtieth. Schmitz ticket— Patrick Tierney,
Charles F. Weldon. Erneat F. Meyer. William
O. Swanson George W. White. John H. Weide
mann. Edward McLaughlin, James A. Wilson,
Walter Joyce. Fatrick Kelly, William J. Tay
lor, Thomas Cronan Morltz Goodman. John P.
Harper. Charles L. Arnhelm. Benjamin F.
Stempel.
Thirty-first Schmitz ticket— Peter T. Shee
han, Henry Lamcke. ' J. B. Williams. C. A.
Slakron. Winslow D. Getchell. John H. Camp
bell. John F. Kenny Henry Malone. Frank E.
Harman F T Dunleavy. Philip Muller. Wil
liam Jennings,' Patrick J. Spearman. Thomas
Reavey. II. C. Poctz Robert Lee Sr.
Thirty-pecond, Casey ticket. Indorsed by
SchmitB— H. J. Powers, J. E. Gallagher. Ru
dolph Urbais. Henry Craig. Ed Drew Jr.. Wil
liam Corcoran, H. Rasmussen, J. Duncanson,
Walter Hamilton, William Myers. J. N. Copus.
II. J. Leffman, C. A. Meinert, George Rich
ards, Timothy Lynch.
Thirty-third, Schmitz ticket— M. J. Kerri
gan, C. J. Williams; P. S. 1 Johnson. G. L.
Autagne, D. J. O'Brien. J. J. Connolly, C. AV.
Marlatte, William Gllroy, L- J. Letser. John
P. McGee, F. A. Prieur, J. H. Mullen.
• Thirty-fourth, Schmitz ticket — L. Stroh
meier, C. S. Andrews, J. M. Burke, F. B.
Jaquts, Walter A. Shedd. Peter Wherty. John
McKcon, L. Buckley. Michael Dolan, Charles
F.' Mason. J. J. Hunt.
Thirty-flfth, Schmitz ticket— William • M.
Moran, James de Succa, James A. Curran,
Frank Early. Robert F. Abele. John F. Dunn,
Percy Benson, John Rutherford, Albert Win
drow, Emil T. Rothermundt.
The Schmitz wing of the Union Labor
party won a sweeping victory over the
faction headed by Michael Casey. The
supporters of the Mayor won out in
seventeen districts, while the Casey fac
tion had the small comfort of winning
out in the Thirty-ninth District. The
successful list of delegates on the Union
Labor ticket Is as follows:
Twenty-eighth, Echmitz ticket— G. G. Vick
eraon. Thomns 1<\ Dolan. Vincent BHlo. Wil
liam H. Stanabury Frank I. Carney. J. J.
Carroll. G. Jorgenecn. II. A. Brockowsky,
Thomas K. Butler. John P. Nelson Jr.. Wil
liam J. Mlndham. Gustave ilagnussen.
Adherents of Mayor Win Seventeen
Districts and -Defeat Casey.
SCHMITZ WING VICTORIOUS.
in handing to prospective voters the
paster containing the names of men
known to be supporters of Casey. The
incongruity of their positions did not
strike them until a wag at the corner of
Eighteenth and Castro streets who had
accepted with. equal fervor a paster from
each asked the Supervisors who was pay
ing for the rig.
Forty-fifth District — A. Ruef, E. M. Buckley,
John -«. Nelson, Dr. Campbell - Ford, ; Louis
Strohl, A. Bardet, ' Charles II." Sommerlad,
Richard Demlngs, Joseph Barbctta, .¦ Walter
Hanna, Frank Marini. Alexander Campbell,
William Clark, John Christenson, Jules Berge!
Forty-fourth District — J. George Boyne, Mar
tin W. Brady. E. S. Strauss, William Blakeley,
I. Elias, Richard Ryan, Thomas H. Lindsay,
Dr.* Walter N. Jackson, John Breen, Daniel H.
Sullivan, Lincoln E. Savage, M. Raggett, M.
M. Blum, Augustus Johnson,- John J. Green,
James D. Shay. 'James Carr, A, Grasso, Samuel
J. Robertson, Alex Campbell Jr., A. Kaskell,
James MeNalr. " - - ; .
The question that is agitating the voters
of the Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Just now is who shall pay for the rig used
by Supervisors McClelland and Walsh in
that district yesterday. They were out
from early morn until the polls closed
yesterday evening doing politics along the
lines adopted by the old style "horse and
buggy politicians," but strange to relate,
McClelland was boosting for Michael
Casey and Walsh was doing all that he
could to belittle his efforts and carry vic
tory to Mayor Schmitz's party. They are
both Union Labor party men with this
difference: McClelland waa elected by the
Union Labor party, while Walsh was ap.
pointed by the Mayor to fill a vacancy.
The latter stuck to the Mayor and handed
out his pasters whenever opportunity of
fered. McClelland was equally assiduous
John B. Rellly, P. A. Lelch, Henry Sexton,
Charles Kauffman, Walter Hanley, D. J. Be
ban, A. A. GuarinI, Marc Anthony, Norman
H. Hurd. Dr. T. B. de Witt, George Walton,
Melville W. Hermann.
WHO PAYS FOR RIGP
From a - political standpoint, the intention
was to have a straight Labor party. That will
entirely depend on the convention Itself. I de
sire an absolutely Independent convention' and
I don't want to be boss, so that whatever they
will do as a body will, of course, be carried
out, bo far as the party Is concerned. ¦ -
The result clearly shows, and In this I in
clude the Republican party, that the people are
absolutely against corrupt bosses.
Mayor Schmitz clearly showed the
strain of the day's political fight when
seen immediately after the result was an
nounced. He said:
I think it a Just and a telling rebuke to In
gratitude, without mentioning names. 1 also
think that the result clearly ehows that the
wage earners' representatives In the labor
party have every faith in my endeavor* to give
a fair, honest and just administration. It
# shows, too, that they prefer to have some true
and tried representative to one untried.
Now, I want to say something in reference to
the carmen.' In the past a great deal of capital
has been made about the carmen not being In
favor of me. I have always held that such
statements were absolutely untrue; and, while
Home of the carmen have been Influenced by
their leaders against me, I feel safe In saying
that 00 per cent of the men,- if their votes
couid be looked at, would be found to favor
those delegates favorable to me.
MAYOR IS GRATIFIED.
gprie E. Schmftz will be renomi
nated for Mayor by the Union Labor
party. The Superior Court recently de
cided that the Casey end of the party,
represented by the Harders-Bergcr Coun
ty Committee, was the legal governing
body of the Union Labor party. The" vot
ers of the party reversed that decision
yesterday.
To the great amazement of the poli
ticians Schmitz whipped Casey in the big
labor strongholds south of Market street
and captured all the district delegations
to the convention but one, the Thirty
ninth. Whether the Caseyltes will accept
the result or appoint a convention of their
own remains to be seen. The returns
show that 5066 voters of the party partici
pated in the primary contest.
THE success achieved yesterday at
the primary election by the Ewell-
Aubertine faction of the labor
camp renders It certain that Eu-
Forty-fourth, Schmitz ticket — Alfred Ronco
vlerl, John J. Furey. Joseph. A. Catania, Pau^
de Martini. K. E. Goldenson, George S. Staf
ford. , John R. Matheson, S.tmurl D. Palmer,
Louis Ferrari.
Forty-fifth, Schmitz ticket— Joseph V. Du
roing, Otia H. Bowers. Anthony Fernandez.
Hobert A. Little, Henry Marksraf, James A.
McManus. Albert Devoto. Louis A. Hlldebrand,
William F. Ferguson, Edward T. Kane, Joseph
Cohen.
Kaymonii. Charles Newman, Joseph Peckham.
John J. Flynn.'
City's Executive Is Gratified at Outcome and Says It Is
a Strong Rebuke to Ingratitude.
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S RENOMINATION MADE
SURE BY VICTORY OF HIS SUPPORTERS
POLITICIANS WHO TOOK AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN PRIMARY ELECTION AS THEY IMPRESSED CAR
TOONIST WARREN WHILE THEY WERE LABORING UNDER Tllfi SENSATIONS PRODUCED BY THE
VARYING FORTUNES THAT MAKE UP THE GAME OF THE BALLOT BOX.
Lectures on Cecil Rhodes.
Dr. Adrian Hofmeyr, formerly of Jo
hannesburg, delivered a lecture last night
before a large audience In the Central
M. E. Church under the auspices of tha
Men's League. He chose for his topic,
"Cecil Rhodes. Empire Builder." and gavo
a detailed account of the great work
which that astute statesman did in build
ing- up a British empire on the southern
end of the African continent. Dr. Hof
meyr dwelt at length on the Jameson
raid and the causes of the last Boer war.
Swimmer Schmidt to Go North.
The try-out to determine which swim
mer will be sent north to the Astoria re
gatta to represent California was held
last night at the Lurllne baths. The race-*
contested were at 50, 100 and 220 yards.
the best two out of three to decide tha
winner. A. D. Schmidt of the Loirlfne
Swimming Club won the 50 and 100 yard
races. The 220-yard race was a ti» be
tween G. Dawaon and O. Schultz. The
time for the fifty yards was 2S seconds: 100
yards. 1:04. and 220 yards. 3:14. It was
regretted that J. Scott Leary of tha
Olympic Club did not appear to try con
clusions with Schmidt. The latter gave
him a close race in the 50 and 100 yard
events at the last championship meet.
After the races the Lurllne Swimmins
Club members played a game of water
polo, which waa easily won by Captain
Dawson's team, consisting of "W. Bray.
E. L. Smith. J. A. Jackson. O. Schultz.
E. Dawson and J. A. Geddes. Tae losing"
team was made up of W. Harris, captain;
T. Harris. W. P. Stockton, W. Bacon. T.
Bacon. H. Kennerson and G. Harris. The
score was 8 to 0.
Cycler Downing Wins at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE. Aug. II.— Results at Salt Pal
ace bicycle track:
Five-mile, amateui- — Redman won: Asr«*.
California, second. Limbers. California, third.
Two-mile tandem, professional — Turvllle and
Samuelson won. Downing and Stevens second.
Burrts and Staver third. Time. 3:31.
Tandem pursuit, amateur — Redman and
Blum overtook Hcagren and Llmberg In two
miles and six laps. Title. SMS.
Two miles, professional — Hardy Downing.
California, won: Staver second. Holway laird.
Time. 4:14 2-5.
American Yacht Beats Canadian.
TORONTO. Aug. 11.— The American
yacht Irondequolt won from the Strati*
cona by more than four minutes in to
day's race for the Canada cup. The
course was a triangular one of twenty
one miles.
Fine Correspondence Papers
In boxes from 25 cents to 60 cents each in
a hundred new shapes and tints. We
carry all the principal staple ream rood*
as well as writing tablets in all sizes and
qualities, Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. 3
The funeral of the late John J. Cath
cart took place yesterday from St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church. There was a large at
tendance of friends of the deceased and
the floral offerings were numerous, par
ticularly those sent by the Olympic Club,
the Family Club, Bohemian Club and
Corinthian Yacht Club.
The pallbearers were: Geors? Ryan,
Robert Mitchell. Ben Tarbox, J. E. Hay
den, William Hynes and F. Cavanaugh.
The honorary pallbearers were: John J.
Gleason. John Cunningham. Jack O'Brien.
Edward Bowes, Captain John* Keefe and
Edward Saser.
The Interment took place at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MOURN" AT BIER OP THE
LATE JOHN" J. CATHCART
Forty-third. Mahoney ticket— W. N. McNalr.
John \\. Fllnn, H. J. McNevln, Louis Hlnch.
Forty-second. Rainey ticket— D. Mahoney
V,'. F. Wedemeyer, Joseph W.. Cooney. John
M. Burnett, .S. Goldstone, D. J. A. O' Keefe
Joseph- Stye. John Toomey, D. J. Cullen Fred
Schutte. Joseph B. Kennedy. Fred P Wehe
Francis B. Kane. Albert P. Wheelan Carl
SSTft Meda'u. rnaV ' "«- don -
. Forty-first. Mahoney . ticket— Daniel T Ha
ley, James W. Rellly. John A. Scott. Charles
McCarthy. Wliy*m Kelly. Daniel Shea. Ed
ward F. O'Connor. Joseph E. Durham. Peter
McDonough, John J. Qutnn. Frank Colllgan
Henry Anderson. D. J. Sullivan. Ernest Nuhr
enberg.
Fortieth. Rainey ticket— Mathew Brady
William Ross, D. S. Hlrshberg. T. E Paw
llcki. M. S. Choynski. Joseph Lalb Jr.. Wluiani
McGoldrlch, Edward Kenny, P. B. Morrissey
Morris Harris, Patrick Lyons, Harry Vernon'
John P. Murphy.
Thirty-ninth. Rainey ticket — Livingston
Jenks, Thomas McHugh, Harry C. Wilber
Michael J. Lynch. Alfred W. Wehe. Joseph f'
Farrell. Anthony T. La velle. William P. Price
James J. Gre«ley. Patrick F. Lynott William
Coniion, William H. Cook, Patrick H. Cullen
James P. Qulgley.
Thirtieth, McNab ticket— John F. Renault,
Thomas W. Hlckey. E. P. Enrlght. John J.
Tomalty. Alfred Eichler. Eugene Fitzgerald,
Denis J. Oliver. Timothy Sullivan. Hugh Mc
laughlin, John T. Shine, Edward Hannan, Ted
Sullivan, Isaac Oppenhelmer, Nicholas J. Mor
risey, Hamilton H. riant. Michael Dillon.
Lewis Ficken, Robert Boyd. Edward Twomey,
James C. Gibson, James II. Kennedy. George
Sand. Florence Drlsooll. Edward McKewen,
EJward Kelly, Patrick Madden.
Thirty-H-Et. McNab ticket— Thomas F. Ga
van, JJavid W. Atkinson. James Derby. James
M. Hanley. Frank Dalmas, James Mooney.
Hermann Zimmerman. Otto Olaen, William R.
O'Leary, Thomas Floyd, Henry Goecken.
Thomas Casey. Thomas F. Atford, Frank
Dougherty, William J_ Fallon. James N. Dun
ning, Michael Toohlg. Thomas F. Barry, John
H. O'Brien, D. J. Lally, Frank Creem, John
Consldlne Jr.. Georg« W. Schneider.
Thirty-second. McNab ticket— James Benn.
James J. Donovan. Charles Dugan, Patrick
Doyle. Patrick J. Flnnegan. John B. Ford.
Peter J. Haggerty. Daniel D. Harrington.
Maurice P. Healy J. F. Johnson. John A.
Keefe John P. Lynch. John P. McDonough,
Thomas F Mitchell. John B. Ryan. Daniel
Klordan. Eugene D. Sullivan, William J.
Toner. Thomas T. Thornton. Daniel William
son Joseph Ward, George F. Welch.
Thirty-third. McNab ticket — Thomas Bren
nan. Forella H. Cavagnaro. Timothy R. Coak
ley. Lawrence J. Dolan. Thomas R. Dunn.
Louis Ferrari, Peter Hughes. James Kelly.
Michael Klernan. John P. McArdle. Thomas
F. Murphy, John Sermattel. Robert S. Shep
ston Joseph B. Vizzard. Ernest Wackenreuder.
John G Whitehurst.
Thirty- fourth. McNab ticket — John P. Fen
nell. Thomas J. Kennedy. James J. Manning.
Patrick Kllday. Dennis Barry." Thomas J.
Kgan William E. Dubois. John E. Sullivan.
James Hore. William Reedy. Eustlce Culli
nan. Edward Caffery. James A. Cotter. Thomaa
Stanton Michael Slattery. H. D. Fanning.
James Curtln. Charles E. Tallmadge.
Thirty-fifth McNab ticket— William A. Kel
ly John E. 'O'Brien. Oliver J. Olson. Emtle
Luttringer. Dr. Charles E. Jones. P. A. Clif
ford Joseph M. Cumming. John Moran. Frank
B O'Reilly Harry Van Bergen. F. A. Law
ler T E. Curran. William H. McCarthy. Fred,
erick *A. Grazer, John F. Byrne. William M.
Cannon. A J. Ranken. E. J. O'Rourke.
Thirty-sixth. Rainey ticket — William D.
Hynes. John H. Mullen, Patrick McDonough.
John J. Sheehan. Jamea McMahon. I. Danlel
wltz. Frank Corbett. John E. Hamill. Patrick
HIgplns, A. Phillips. James Neely. Mark A.
McCann. G. L. Olds R. P. Doolan, Dr. U Ker
wln John Bovey. Warren Tyson, Joseph Mc-
Laughlin. John Sullivan, Ed P. Casserly. James
D. Moran.
Thirty-seventh. Rainey ticket — Joseph E.
O'Donnell. Frank G. Drury, Jamea A. Kinkad«.
I. D. Klopstock. Dr. Joseph Carew, Edward
F. Franks, James P. Dockery, Alexander Mc-
Cabe. William G. Burke. Nicholas Nolan. John
H Kelly. John D. Nagle. Edward Leopold.
George White. John P. Tracy, John J. Mc-
Carthy, Jeremiah H. Dillon. John F. Crummey.
James J. Fltnn. '
¦•• Thirty-elKhth. Rainey ticket— Bert Sehle
*inger. Georg* E. Gallagher, William L. Daws
William Ahem, ', John A. Donnelly, Thomas
Mulcahy, Charle* Bush. Charles S. Peery. John
H. McGlnney, H. Simmons. Henry Stamper.
Johr. F. O" Keefe, Clarence V. Clough. a J
Kamlnskl. Matthew O'Brien. Leon Wand
James O'Connell. Frank Zacharias. John T
Vinal. E. J. Regan.
Twenty-eighth, McNab ticket— Eugene F.
Lacy,. George W. Murray. Michael ileaney.
John Kane. "W. Johnston-Renwick, Rlnaldo
RusspU, James W. Garrigan, Patrick Farley,
William J. Bourke. James Sullivan, Louis A.
Valentine. George P. Hannan, Terrence
XVBrien, John J. Oorbett, John E. McCarthy.
Michael J.. Brown. Edward Cosgrove, John \V.
Carroll. Charles Alfred Nelson. .
Twenty-ninth, McNab ticket— John J. Swee
ney, Lawrence Brannan. John Drlscoll. A. Sol
omon, J. Desmond, J. J. Crowley, J. \V. Don
ovan. W. M. Pratt. W. Parry. R. Rush. P. F.
Haller. Frank Shannon. Thomas F. Horan.
James Creegan, Ben Selig. Frank Jennings,
John Feehan, Frank Kenny. James Creighton.
John Faulkner. W. J. Barry. Thomas J.
Lynch. J.. W. Fitzpatrlck. Robert Cough, P. H.
Gallagher.
The following list of the winning dele
gates on the McNab and the Rainey tickets
shows that McXab will have enough del
egates to control the. Democratic conven
tion.- McNab carried ten districts, while
the Rainey ticket won in six districts.
Mahoney secured a majority in two dis
tricts:- ¦ -¦¦ .--:•-
Carries Ten Districts, While Rainey
Wins in Six.
McNAB SECURES CONTROL.
Forty-fourth, total vote. I4S1 — United Repub
lican League, 645; Regular Republican Club.
227: McNab. D. ; 233: Rainey D.. 209; Schmitz.
U. I*. 121; Casey. U. U. 45. ¦ -
Forty-fifth, total vote. 1264 — United Repub
lican League 493: Regular Republican Club.
47; McNab D. 270; Rainey. D.. 284; Schmitz.
U. L.. 152- Casey. U. L.. 23.
..Forty-third, total vote. 1723— UnJttd Repuh
lican- League^, 6S3; Regular Republican Club.
140; McNab. D.. 236; Mahoney, D., 2W;
Rainey. D.. 254; Schmitz. U. U OS; Caaey,
U L.. 33.
Forty-second, total vote. 1641— United Re
publican League. 617; Regular Republican
dob. 334: McNab D.. 241; Rainey D.. 200;
Schmitx. U.- "U; 121; Casey. 'tru I*.. ."3X -.
Fortieth, total vote 17S3 — United Republican
League. 801; Regular Republican Club. 6O.t;
McNab. IX. 174; Rainey, D.. 182: Schmitz. U.
L.. 52; Caney. U. L.. 29.
Forty-flrst. total vote 1584 — United Republi
can League. M>2; Regular Republican Club.
C8«: McNab. D.. 13S; Rainey. D.. 112; Ma
honey, D., 268; Schmitz. U. I... 11U; Casey.
U. L.. 5ti.
Thirtieth, total vote. 1623— United Republican
Lea^utf, 452; Regular Republican Club. 127;
McNab. D.. 323: Rainey. D.. 262; Schmitz. U.
U. r»04; Casey, U. L... 173.
Thirty-nrst. total vot,?. 1134 — United Republi
can League. 253; Regular Republican Club,
: McNab. D.. 277; Ramey. D.. 83; Schmit?^
U. L., .".02; Casey. V. L.. 167.
Thirty-second, total vote. 1776 — United Re
publican Lfague. 503; Regular Republican
Club. 527; McNab. D.. 807; Rainey. D-. 21ti;
SchmitJt. IT. t... : Casey. U. L., 101.
Thirty-third, total vote. 1074 — United Repub
lican League 220: Regular Republican Club,
145: McNab. D.. 211; Rainey. D.. SO; Schmltx,
V. L.. 281: Caaey. U. L... 146.
Thirty-fourth, total vote. 125S — United Re
publican League. 313; Regular Republican
Club. 316: McNab, D., 160: Rainey. D.. 43;
Schmitz. V. L.. 1R3: Casey. V. L.. 114.
Thirty-flfth. total vote, 1296 — United Republi
can League, 557; Regular Republican Club. — ;
McNah. D.. 231: Rainey, D.. 132; Schmitz. U.
L.. 14B; Casey, U. L.. 77.
Thirty-sixth, total vote. 1273 — United Repub
lican League, 541: Regular Republican Club.
— ; McNab. D.. 154: Rainey. D.. 170; Schmitz.
U. U. 233; Casey, U. L.. 131.
Thirty-seventh, total vote. 1400— United Re
publican League, 617; Regular Republican
Club, ; McNab. D., 270; Rainey. D., 30<>;
Schmitz. U. L.. 108: Casey. U. L.. 70."
Thirty-eighth, total vote. 1714 — United Re
publican League. 699; Regular Republican
Club, 386: McNab. D.. 138: Rainey. D.. 241;
Schmitz. fir, I*. 147; Casey. U. L.. 72.
Thirty-ninth, total vote 1400 — United Repub
lican League, 519; Regular Republican Club.
2.VJ: McNab. D.. 110: Rainey. D.. 120; Schmitz.
U. L.. 143; Casey. U. I*. 2O«.
Twenty-eighth, total vote. 1418— Cnltsd Re
publican League 4»4: Regular Republican. 201;
McN*b. I>.. aiO; Rainey. D.. 183; Schmltz. L.
1*. 203; Casey. U. I*. 98.
Twenty-ninth, total vota. 1264— United Re
publican I-*aguo. S5O; Regular Republican Club.
: McXab. D., 100; Rainey, D-. ; Schmits.
U. L... 403; Casey. t T . L.. 302.
Throughout the city the Republicans
polled half or even more of all the votes
cast. The following shows the total ballot
as well as the vote polled by each of the
factions of the three paJtles:
Party Gets More Than Half of the
Ballots.
REPUBLICAN VOTE GROWS.
This was no more and no less than the
defeat of M. Jasper McDonald, chairman
of the Democratic County Committee.
Moreover, the motto of his district ticket
was: "The best government is none too
good for San Francisco." The Democrat
who enjoys the distinction of having wal
loped the chairman of^the County Com
mittee is W. F. Wedemeycr. It seems
that Sam Rainey was concerned in this
incident. All the signs point to high old
times in the Democratic municipal con
vention. The minority i3 made up of
Democrats who will fight for their rights.
Gavin McNab, who is Justly regarded
as one of the ablest leaders of the Demo
cratic party and one of the most effi
cient of convention managers, may be
called upon to exercise considerable skill
and diplomacy in order to hold a major
ity of the delegates. There can be no
contesting delegations in the convention,
as the Registrar's certificate entitles the
delegate to a seat.
The- date of the Democratic local con
vention is not fixed, but it will be later
than September 15, the time appointed
for the Republican convention to assem
ble. One incident which will be regarded
in hightoned circles of the Democratic
party as extremely deplorable occurred
in the Forty-second District.
Thomas Jefferson, the supporters
of Gavin McNab and M. Jasper McDon
ald, friends of D. I. Mahoney and follow
ers of the intrepid but not invincible
James O'Brien. The returns show that
the County Committee forces, of which
Gavin McNab is the leader, carried the
Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth. Thirtieth,
Thirty-first. Thirty-second, Thirty-third,
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth
and Forty-fifth Assembly Districts." A
contest in the Forty-fourth Assembly
District, where the County Committee
wins by the slender .majority ' of ten
votes, is already threatened by the re
doubtable J. XV. Shanahan. ;
The O'Brien forces, known as the Dem
ocratic League, or "Horses and Carts/'
carry the Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh.
Thirty-eighth. Thirty-ninth, Fortieth and
Forty-aecond districts. The friends of D.
I. Mahoney carry the Forty-first and
Forty-third districts.
¦^^ EMOCRATS to the number of
| 7443 participated . in the pTimary
I B election yesterday. This number
uS embraces true • disciples of
E. B. R«an. Charles H. Dod B <» A. Vanber*.
J. X. DeWltt. B. J. Boylan. i red U. Kelly.
Robert E. Fahey. Florence Drlscoll. Michael C.
Asehfim. E. I. Ford. Harry Friedlander.
Forty-fourth. McNab ticket— G*or« Kelley.
Thomas Chandler. J. H. Wheatfleld. J. C. 8tm«.
Thomas J. Pindar. Oscar Jaeobson. Samim I*
I-upton. J. T. Murphy. Frank Foreade. P. J.
Walsh. William M. Cub«ry. Bert Bottomly. E.
J. Foster. Osgood Putnam. Sam. Re*ensburs*r,
George Dablbender. Daniel Sutter, Frank Carl
ton.
Forty-flftb. McXab ticket— Joseph L. Valent*
Walter J. de M&rtlnJ. Thomas Foley. David
Capurro. GosUva A. Trost, P. Paul Vlaatln.
Giovanni Baeigalupl. Mario Forno. Daniel Sul
livan. Michael T. Rellly. Henry Leo OlmmH.
Frederick O. Robinson. William O. Antonovich.
Fred C. Boden, Thomas W. Davies. John H.
Tracy, Harry C. Slml.
County Committee Crowd Wins, Car
rying Ten Districts to O'Brien-
Rainey End's Six.
EMBROILED BOURBONS
BATTLE TO A FINISH
THE United Republican League achieved complete victory yesterday at the primary election.
The push forces, under the leadership of Martin Kelly and Jesse Marks, were beaten hope
lessly. The result is accepted by politicians as the complete extinction of the Burns-Kelly
element of the Republican party. The nomination of clean men for office by the Republican con
vention is expected. Mayor Schmits' faction thoroughly crushed Michael Casey and his small
band of adherents. Gavin McNab seems to have secured control in the Democratic ranks, win
ning ten districts, and claiming a safe majority of delegates in the municipal convention of his
party.
UNITED REPUBLICAN LEAGUE COMPLETELY ROUTS THE BOSSES;
SCHMITZ CRUSHES CASEY AND M'NAB HOLDS DEMOCRATIC REINS
THE SA^. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12. 1903.
4Be it ever so' humble there is no place
like home, and it is within easy reach of
all. to furnish the home cheerfully! with
pretty and. artistically framed pictures.
Premium pictures, which are being ' so
plentifully distributed gratis -just; now,
can be, framed most attractively at little
expense. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 74T Market
street. . • '
Home, Sweet Home.
OYSTER BAY, Aug. 11.— The President
to-day tendered to Charles P. McClelland
jOf Westchester County, N. Y., a mem
bership of the Board of General Apprais
ers. McClelland Is a Democrat and a
member of the New York State Senate
from the Twenty-second District. The
appointment is to; take effect on October
1: If he , accepts the proffer McClelland
will succeed on. the board Colonel, A. J.
Jewell, resigned. -The office carries with
it a salary of $7000 a year.
Appoints Democrat to Office.
/ Warren Sanford Stone was . born in
Ainsworth, Washington County^ Iowa, in
February, 1860. He has been railroading
for twenty-four years on that portion of
the*«Rock Island system known as the
Missouri division. He has been chairman
of the general board of adjustment of that
road for a number of years.
Mr. Stone will remove to Cleveland, as
trie constitution of His organization re
quires the president to live In this city,
where the headquarters are located.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Holders of G. A. S. Tickets Take Ad
vantage of the Santa Fe's
Low Bate.
$25 90 — Round trip over the double loop,
in one way and out another; to Yosemite
Valley, through two groves of Big Trees
without extra expense or side trip. The
most scenic way to Yosemlte. Also cou
pon tickets covering total expense, rail,
stage and meals; i 5 days, $34 90; 7 days,
$38 90; 10 days, $42 30. Make reservations at
once. Full information and folders at
Santa Fe office, 641 Market street. •
Adopted Son Gets Allowance.
"Jack" Clunie, the adopted son of the
late Thomas J. Clunie, was awarded a
monthly allowance of $200 out of the Clu
nie estate In the Superior Court yester
day. The allowance was made on petition
of Ada Edgerton, who was named in
Clunic's will as guardian of the boy and
In whose custody he has been since his
birth. The existence of the adopted son
was not known until the filing of the late
Congressman's will. He bequeathed to
him the Clunie building, corner of Cal
fornia and Montgomery streets.
Fnke Footracers Remanded.
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of Bert Campbell,
C. C. Lee. D. E. Fletcher, C. A. Hous
ton, John S. Moore /and Ira P. Wilker
son, charged with ccand larceny, was dis
missed by Judge Dunne yesterday;' with
out prejudice and the prisoners were re
manded. They will be arraigned this
morning. They are accused of having
tricked Herman Grunnauer out of $2500
by a fake foot race in Golden Gate Park
on the afternoon of June 13. 'r.'^gfiS
The emigration from our Northwestern
States to British Columbia leaves us still
about a million ahead of Canada in the
exchange of citizens.
The plans of the California State build-
Ing for the exposition grounds at St.
Louis have been received in this city
from St. Louis, whither they were sent
to receive the approval of Superintendent
Isaac Taylor, who has control of the
grounds and buildings of the big world
show to be opened next year. The pro
posed reproduction of the Santa Barbara
m'sslcn to represent California has met
with the approbation of Superintendent
Taylor. Previous to submitting the
structural plans Governor Pardee and
the St. Louis Commissioners for Califor
nia, Messrs. Filcher and Wiggins, de
cided that the mission type for a State
building was the proper thing.
Newsom & Xewsom have charge of the
work of modifying the ground plans, but
the exterior view will 'be exactly as it
was depicted exclusively for the readers
of The Call at the time the decision was
reached by the commissioners. The next
step will be to send out specifications for
competition by St. Louis contractors.
Probably the California building will be
in actual construction within the next
six weeks. The materials will bt prin
cipally wood and staff, so that the work
will proceed rapidly.
Commissioner Filcher says that the
lowest bid may not be accepted. If such
an iron-clad rule as that should be
adopted it might pave the way for the
State to get the worst of it, aa certain
contractors are tricky. The commission
ers will consider all bids and will ap
prove of the most advantageous bid. The
cost of the building will be about $15,000.
A letter was received by the California
commissioners yesterday from St. Louis.
It said that the Nevada State building
will probably be situated on a knoll, the
exposition grounds to be crowned by the
California structure. The Nevada peo
ple are preparing to make a great dis
play of minerals to illustrate what has
been done on the Comstock lode and also
at Searchlight, Tonopah and other rich
mining camps of Nevada. Commissioner
Yerlngton of Nevada has been in St.
Louis and has promised to make a good
show for Nevada's mineral resources. 1
Laborer Is Killed by a Blast.
CHI CO, Aug. 11.— H. Faulkner, a labor
er aged about 60 years, an employe of
E. B. and A. L. Stone Company, con
tractors for the Butte County Railroad,
was killed this morning by a rock weigh
ing fifty pounds hurled from a blast
Laborers were blasting . and blasts con
taining many pounds of giant powder
having been prepared orders were given
to the 'men to seek safety. FauJkyer
went inside a small tent lnclosure cover
ing tome /water barrels, 800 feet distant.'
He was/sitting on a box with his side
to the blast and the rock was hurled with
great force, striking him Just above the
bip. His body was practically cut in
two. •> • . \
For sqme time. wine' men' who; produce
pure wines have complained that there
are other wine men in this State who
are engaged in fabricating wines in emu
lation of Eastern parties who are sup
posed to, have "brick vineyards." as their
plants are jocularly alluded to by the
trade. This matter has been made the
subject of ; more or less comment in wine
and spirit trade papers and has been
mentioned- in the Eastern trade papers
and has aiso, found place in monthly re
ports sent out by certain California wine
houses to their customers and to the gen.
eral trade. , For instance,- in a recent cir
cular sent* out by the Gundlach-Bundschu
Wine" Company the following paragraph
appeared:
.. The Introduction of our new Federal food law
and % its application- on : Imported wines may
somewhat influence and stimulate the: trade In
American wines — provided our own wine makers
will understand . and : heed the timely ' warning
implied by this act of Congress. . Whereve^ ne
farious practices are tolerated the degeneration
of an Industry begins. It must,; therefore, be
come the aim and ambition of every wine-pro
uuclnc State in the Union to uphold the stand-
The circular letter is signed by B.
Bruck as secretary. . A committee con
sisting: of J. L. Berlnger, B. Bruck, W.
W. Lyman, F. S. Ewer, F._ J. Merriam,
H. Schram, A. Christln, C. L. Lame, J.
Grimm and J. G. Johnson is responsible
for calling the meeting. These are Napa
Valley vine growers who are prominent
In their line. Their circular letter has
been sent out to a large number of wine
and grape men with requests to attend
the meeting or to see that committees are
appointed to be present who shall be rep
resentative of the several wine districts
of Calif ornia.-
The .wine makers of the State are look
ing forward with interest to a meeting of
wine and grape men which will' be held
next Saturday at St. Helena, Napa
County, for the purpose of discussing the
enactment of a national law to .regulate
the manufacture and sale of adulterated"
wines. A circular letter has been sent
out in which are the following state
ments:
At the suggestion/ of Congressman Bell a
meeting of the grape/and wine men will be held
at St. Helena August 15, 1003. It is Mr. Bell's
desire to obtain a consensus of -opinion of those
interested In the wine industry before Introduc
ing a pure wine measure at the next meeting
of Congress. All members of the delegation In
Congress have been Invited and a mapority o£
them will undoubtedly be in attendance.
No election will be made to the office
of first assistant grand chief until the
general convention of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers at Loa Angeles in
May, 1904.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 11.— W. E.
Stone of Eldon, Iowa, division No. 181.
has been elected to fill the unexpired
term as grand chief engineer of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
made vacant by the deaths of P. M. Ar
thur and A. B. Youngson. After the elec
tion the executive committee of the broth
erhood said that no fear need be felt of
any radical changes in the policy of the
brotherhood, that the new grand chief
will carry out the conservative principles
advocated by the late Chief Arthur.
Viticulturists of State
to Discuss Weighty
Topics.
Locomotive Engineers
Elect W. E. Stooeas
Their Head.
IS GRAND CHIEF
OF BROTHERHOOD
I/arge Bun of Chinook Salmon^
ASTORIA. Ore., Aug. 11.— The present
run of Chinook salmon in the Columbia
River is unprecedented. Every cannery
and cold storage riant on the river is
working its full capacity. It is conceded
that the present phenomenal run of fish
is <5ue to artificial propagation.
ard of purity and excellence of its home pro
duct.
As California is the great wine-produc
ing State of the United States this diplo
matic phrasing applies strongly to Cali
fornia. It is rumored that certain parties
known by the trade to be manufacturing
wines in which several ingredients not
supplied by the grapes are used may be
handled without gloves at the St. Helena
meeting. In any event if the meeting re-
Bults in the censure, of adulteration of
California wines and a strong bill to reg
ulate the production of winesy under pen
alties or restrictions it will amount to
throwing down the gauntlet to the wine
makers. who are now producing adulter-
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 11.— Judge Munger
in the Federal Court tonlay handed down
a decision granting tt> the Chicago Great
Weste-n Railway a. mandatory injunction
against the Union Pacific Railroad, in
which the tetter is ordered to grant the
Great Western the use of the Missouii
River bridge and its terminal in Omaha
and South Omaha.
Enjoins the Union Pacific.
CALL WINE MEN
TO CONFERENCE
ated goods and who have considerable
sums of money invested in plant3 for
carrying on their industry. One of the
concerns against which the wine men are
murmuring Is among the largest In the
State of California.
California ; Building Is
Now Given Final
Approval.
TAYLOR FAVORS
MISSION TYPE
ABILENE. Texas. Aug. 11. — Ex-Gover
nor Frank R. Lubbock, who is 68 years
old. arrived here to-day from Austin and
¦wi!l be married to-morrow to Miss Lou
Scott, s. young lady of this place.
The groom was noted In political af
fairs of the South a half century ago.
He served two terms as Governor of
Texas and held the office of State Treas
urer for several years. He served on
JcST Davis' staff during the civil war.
His second wife died about six months
ago.
Abilene.
Ex-Governor Frank R. Lubbock Will
Harry Miss Lou Scott of '
TEXAS OCTOGEN"AB,IAIT TO
TAKE A YOUTHFUL BRIBE
It was his Intention to make the East
his field, but Belasco X Mayer of the Al
cazar Theater made him a tempting offer
and a few days ago he signed an agree
ment with them, to appear as Nathan
Newkirk In "The Dairy Farm," which
wi:i be produced In this city for the first
time at the Alcazar Theater next Mon
day night.
Mr. Davis is possessed of great talent
Mr. Davis has always* had
quite a liking for theatricals and a few
years E£o forsook the pulpit in order that
!:• might shine behind the footlighU.
EDWARDS DAVIS, who at one
time was pastor of the Central
Christian Church of Oakland, is
eoon to appear at the Alcazar
"I am very glad to have a chance to
appear In this city," said Mr. Davis. "I
had fully made up my mind to go East,
but when the managers of the Alcazar
made me the offer to appear In "The
Dairy Farm" I gladly accepted 'it. I
like the role in which I am to appear
and feel assured that the people of San
Francisco will appreciate my efforts."
and is admirably fitted lor a stage ca
reer. He ha* long been a student of the
drama and has devoted a great deal of
his time during: the last five years to fit
tins' himself for his chosen profession. He
Is a gTeai admirer of the old-fashioned
plays, such as "Old Lavender," "Shore
Acres," "Way Down East" and others of
this class, and in his opinion the new
play at the Alcazar will rival any of
them. ,
FORMER CLERGYMAN. V^ELL KNOWN IN SAN FRANCISCO 'AND
ALAMEDA COUNTY. WHO HAS ACCEPTED AN ENGAGEMENT AT
THE ALCAZAR THEATER IN THIS CITY.
An adjournment" was taken until this
morning at 10 o'clock. Dillard's direct
examination will continue.
Dillard testified that he frequently re
ceived money from attorneys and from
Chinamen for preparing applications for
certificates and that he accepted the
money because Collector Lynch counten
anced it.
After recess defendant testified in his
own behalf. Although nervous he made
a fairly good witness. Attorney Short
rldge laid great stress on the letter which
was sent to the Collector in Texas and
which is alleged to contain the forged
signature of John C. Lynch. The wit
ness testified that he sent the letter at
the request of Collector Lynch. He said
that when the letter from Texas arrived
it was opened by Collector Lynch in his
presence; that he was directed to reply
that the signature of Collector Lynch
which appeared on the. Tee Too Ton cer
tificate was genuine. Dillard said he
was about to dictate a reply to one of
the stenographers, but was prevented
from doing so by Mr. Lynch, who sug
gested that as the body of the certifi
cate was in his handwriting the letter
ought to be written by him. Dillard
stated that he wrote the letter, and left
it on Mr. Lynch's desk. Mr. t Shortrldge
developed the fact that the witness had
then gone to the races and* In his ab
sence the reply was copied in the letter
press book by, the stenographer. The
copy book was sh\own the witness and he
identified the letter.
"Did you write that signature, 'John
C. Lynch'?" asked Shortridge.
"No, sir; I did not," said Dillard, posi
tively. "1 never wrote Mr. Lynch's sig
nature to any document."
We will show that Dillard never wrote the
name of John C. Lynch in any one of the
documents mentioned. He never wrote that
name to this letter. He never committed the
crime of forgery. We shall hope to prove by
positive evidence that he never passed any
fraudulent document. We shall show you that
he could not have uttered these forged docu
ments because they are not forged. He obeyed
orders and did his duty and he left the city
because of domestic troubles. He sits be
fore you aione, persecuted by every man con
nected with that office. If we establish these
facts It Is unnecessary for me to eay what I
ejepect the verdict to be. -
We will ehow you that these applications for
certificates were not presented by the appli
cant In person, but by attorneys and Chinese
Interpreters. The applicant himself never ap
peared in the flesh before Mr. Lynch or Mr.
Dillard or Mr. any body <lse.
We will show you that Mr. Dillard did not
have exclusive control of these documents.
They -wt re stored in room No. 6. This room
was not exclusive. It was used as a public
consultation room for political purposes; for
dark whimperings and consultations by men
not engaged In official duty. It was used by
Mr. Lynch for the purpose of storing large
quantities of political literature, and men sat
in this room and addressed envelopes to be senlt
to the electors of the State.
Dillard stated that he did three men's
work and by reason of his energy and
knowledge of his duties Collector Lynch
had retained him in the office, despite
the fact that Senator Perkins desired
Dillard discharged.
Attorney Shortrldge decided 'he had
cross-examined Theodore Kytka suffi
ciently on Monday and therefore did not
continue the examination at the open
ing of court yesterday. The United States
District Attorney recalled Collector John
C. Lynch and Special Agent Thomas of
the Internal Revenue Department and
asked them a few questions. The prose
cution rested its case and Shortrldge de
livered his opening statement. He to'.d
the Jury what he intended to prove. He
said:
The prosecution In the Dlllard case
rested yesterday morning and the col
ored defendant went on the stand In his
own behalf. He swore positively that he
had never forged Collector Lynch' s sig*
nature to any document. He also testi
fied that he was Interested in a race
horse and secured permission" on num
erous occasions to attend the races dur
ing business hours. The witness told
about his being at the beck and call of
every deputy in the office. He said he
went more than fifty times to the rail
road offices for Collector Lynch on busi
ness of a private nature.
The defendant swore he left the city on
May 10, 1902, because of troubles with his
wife. The court would not permit his
counsel to develop what this trouble was.
Defendant testified that he tendered his
resignation on three occasions, because
his wife and he could not get along. He
stated that he remained in the office on
the advice and by the persuasion of Col
lector Lynch, who always acted as arbi
trator. . i
Prosecution Rests the Case
and Defense ' Opens
Its Side.
Colored Man Swear? to
His Innocence of
Crime.
DILLARD GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TVEDNESD AY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
Former Preacher Who Became a Thespian Signs Contract
With Belasco,& Mayer to Appear at Theater as Nathan
Newkirkin "The Dairy Farm to Be Produced* Next Week
EDWARDS DAVIS ENGAGES
TO PLAY AT THE ALCAZAR
5
Instructions for Training
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish . brown , and burnished . gold.
JNO. J. FTJXTON CO.
1
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
Ear. Fraaeiaco, August 10. 1903.
V. D. Luckett, Fort Worth,
Texas : "Have used a bottle and
a half; has done me more good
than anything ever tried ; some of
the best doctors in Texas had
failed on my case."
J. W. Downs, \ Palace, Cincin-
nati, Ohio. "Am on my second
bottle; first one reduced specific
gravity from 1030 to 1020 (dia-
betes.)"
James Eagur, National Military
Home, Leavenworth, Kan. :
"Have "taken 16 bottles; has
cleared away every symptom, in-
cluding the dropsy (diabetes)."
E. H. Washington, Jackson,
Miss.: "We have to send else-
where for it or do without Won't
you establish an agency here?
Several others want it."
George Kump, Pasadena, Cal. :
"Have used your Bright's Disease
Compound nine months and am
now in good way of recovery. Am
going to Germany. Where can I
get it there?"
Brirht'c Disease and Diabetes are now cur-
ible. Xraxiy nine-tenths of all cases recover.
r ultoa's RenaJ Compound for Bright's Disease.
!1 OO: Di&betes. $1 CO. Jno. J. Fulton Co.. 409
VarWnjion street. Fan Francisco, Sol* Cora-
ttttsder. F&fffhlet mailed. *
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. ; THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
___/_ ¦ ¦"/-** **:."•* * * ° -; *
G. Am Rm DeGOratiOnS Special Sale Goods ordered by mail . Saieof Madras
„ -'„'¦"'- or telephone will not be sent C. O. D.
G.A.R. Flags m 3 ««•- y. ; _- 5000 yards of a line of popular Madras
iSx 4 o. 20c 2f*i6.,.i4ois™,2for25o JlT •>"':>>• in medium colorings, suitable for dresses,
g. A R. welcome Stnn g , . ..... ... . 4Oq CA^MMM^ULMlfff^^ , inches widi; are marked to close out
A -R- F f D Badge8 ' ; ' '. • • • • • • • • • 7Bo CAL.FORN.As largest; 'JF^J^m i t o-dav and Thursday-yard 4?24^
L,rg S Dr a p e dPKturc»ofP re , lde nt,. . . . . . $ 3 .5O " — W^^^^^EZm* GRANDEST STORE i . . • - - -Ot3C
Safe Stamped Linens I An Embroidery Sale
Wednesday and Thursday - ¦ . Wednesday and Thursday
A large lot of stamped linen Lunch Cloths Tea Thousands of yards of beautiful sheer edgings, bead-
Cloths, Center, Pieces and Table Covers are offered for in ?» galoons, medallions and ribbon effects, in cambric,
two days at these specially low prices* nainsook and Swiss, imported by us direct from St. Gall,
stamned Hemstitched i in,n t », n u w u "j ' . u j Switzerland, hundreds of well made patterns in the as-
btamped riemsmcnea L,incn Lunch Cloths — With drawn work borders, one- ¦, ¦ • -¦¦_•. J u „ a j j j j «. u i. / it
quarter yard square; worth $1.50, for. $1 OB SOr " fl^ n *' a . re °" ere d to~day and tO-morrOW 3l abOUt half
Stamped Tea Cloths-Like above.'x yard square;' worth 85c, for . S7C re £ uIar P™ eS - _ ' , . -^ f -
Stamped Hemstitched Union Linen Squares— tor center pieces, table cover;, *° C J° 25c Embroideries 12C yd.
etc., pretty drawn work corners, size 24124 inches; worth 40c, for C Embroideries 19C yd.
Hemstitched Linen Squares— 1 yard square, stamped in pretty floral effects; 40c and 45C Embroideries 26c yd.
worth 65c, for ;-. . . . . : . . ... > • 47c « 50c to 70o Embroideries 31c yd.
$20 Folding Beds $13.50 Sale Wrist Bags
Wednesday and Thursday— A handsome hardwood Mantel Folding High grade and up to dato
Bed, golden finished, that when open measures 48 inches We have secured from a manufacturer ot the finest grades of Wrist Bags,
wide, 72 inches long, and has good close weave wire mattress, Purses etc., a very large lot of high-gride novelty Wrm Bags tt less than ball
with 15 heavy cable supports; legs on the foot that automatically their real value. These are as handsome and ts good Wrist Bags ts have ever
lock themselves when bed is open; a good value &f O SZf% been P ut on special stle. We have divided them into three lots, and Wcdncs-
; *20.00 folding bed, for these two days only . . y9*&*+*V Thursday while quantities last these prices prevail:
Handy Covches— Lorig enough and wide enough to be used as a f., i_Genuine Seal, Walrus and Morocco Leather Wrist Bags; til beautifully
bed, «vcral row, good , P n ng!^ goo d ticking for covering, to be used with dra P « $5.00 finished, new and up-to-date style,, not a bag in the lot worth less than
Bed Couches— A sofa by day, a bed at night; these are upholstered in solid £2.50, and many £3.00, £3.50 tnd $x. 75— your choice ** 4 4A
color or figured velours, with box underneath for bed clothei, etc. A x*-** mm gm lor W * » WO
Iron Beds- One of the best patterns ever offired for the price; lots of brass trimmings" eithrr Lot 2— A very handsome assortment Scalion, Walrus, and Mat Seal with Ger-
doub!e, thrse-quarter, or single width; the brds that dealers throughout th: -_ man silver irames; exclusive styles; bags in this lot worth rjj^ OO
country ask S9.00 or more for— our price for th:s lot $7m5O regularly #4.00 to £5.00 — your choice for the two days . *pMmm%f%£
$3.00 lot 3-ConsU,, of high.gr.de exctaive novc.. 7 Wn.t B,g,, ,*b un^aUy
Spring. - Good ona .hi. weld co,. you ™ re „, §£&% fc, . , j3 .^0 G 1 etn " B '"7" "' ," **" T c *' ™v°!" t ' "T
Pi lows -Full 7-pound weght, all feathers; pair. . ... . . . . ]p5.OO ° handsomest bags ever shown m San Francisco; if bought at regular
Cots— Varnished hird maple frame, close woven wire fabric, a substantial, satisfaction-giving pricC3. would be 56. 50, J8.OO, $IO.OO your choice for £f* *j* ** FT
piece of furniture, for . ...... . . . . . . $1.73 the two days
a special sate of Sa/e Wash Waists I Sale of Hammocks
B-§SB*£§& ffiMSgS at hoiSf BSI*BGG Three big specials in hammocks for
Tn-Hav anH halsnrA nf woot- '&£JT Hundreds of the prettiest Wash Good, etrong, fancy colored hammocks with pillow
10 day ana Dalance Of Week. Waists that were produced this and concealed spreader; regularly Og%
All Wool — Let us emphasize that statement by re- \P|^% year that have been slightly soiled 31 25 for €$%jG
O^ and mussed from window and Roe. ' open- we.ie " hinmocb " with concealed
mate $2 z. 50 each, for. $1 7 mOO fflEfX Zi^XcyLZl^vy P»»-v and valance; mcely colored, lor »W
., , • r • I 17// k \ J, m «V.,nJ,if/ ro «M« nnr Hand 3ome, colored cotton, canvas weave hammocks
. your choice of 3 carpetsizesotthe brilliantly \\Nfi \ with piUow, wide valance, concealed spreader at
colored, handsomely patterned Moravian Rug, at \ijti\\ P» c f for thls «cek ,at jast half * V
these deep cuts: l3Wj)\ orl S Inal fi S ur «' to cIose: larly <; 1 -o for $1m18
$12.00 8x1 VA ft sire. .$8.85 ' VM J /) ' ' ' **'** " <6 *°° ~
$14.00 8x12 ft size . - . $9.85 VI 1 ifcSA Now ' * ' 63 ° to $3m0 ° 75C Bittt $1.00 Value
$16.00 10><xl2ftsize.. $11.85 U 1/0® J^j^g^o^S Kiltie PZHltS 400
$1.25 Pictures 82c W L l$k i^S^^SSSKS^ To-Day and Thursday
Several hundred particularly hand- f//l\\v\ Were '-* I0 - 7S t0 $ "' s ° A great snap for mothers of boys 3
some pictures m pretty gilt cir- / il,wM\ N ° w SSm4S to sn ' 2S to 16 years of age: new Fall weight
cular frames, with handsomely ornamented New Fall Suit $20.00 — Style materials in great Variety, and StOUtly
tODS: such iubiects as **StO 1 en Sweet* " <<D/»ar •>»,/ ; '3Sr*.\\\wvv\\\> shown in picture: made of a handsome .. ° - T ,-'% . . J
Ma;m 1 ,"..S F in8am=ofL,fc,."..Evan 8 =lb=" T"' U "\ l ° H "" dredS ° f P all " S -
"The Lost Chord,' "Contentment," "John S ®«^ S «- 9 -g« e unHned riare skirt, even length. /•«- M .«»/-e M immmm^mm^
Aldcn and Priscilla," etc.; Wed- 0%^ Collarle» blouse frock coat, neatly strapped and piped; the en- %MWr%9WrMGS mm mJt§MMOrS
ncsday and Thursday only, each . . %9MmC tire suit is weii uiiored and is reason- dfj^/il S%t% Extra Specials To-Day and Thursday
ably priced at . WfFJmi%fMW f
Silver TOtiet ArtiCieS with full silk drop skirt; the skirt is tastefully Chirardelli-i Ground Chocolate-i-lb tin, 25©
Some of the mo* beautiful designs we have ever leen n soli! trimmed in clusters of narrow taffeta bands, each Van C * m ?' t B««n»— Or Macaroni and Cheeiej 3 tins . 2SO
! a s V t e be b en C t,ine1" m Th^etfc"' IrmS CtC " cIustcr consisting of 4, J* 6 or 7 rows all around; *V e Whlskty-Hunur or Gannymedc; bottle Q9c
these skirts are 'madt habit back and carry full Old Keller Bourbon-Spring ' 94; gallon. . . .$3.O5
these charming examples of the ilversmith'. art now on ihow . train; a splendid $30.00 va!u» for . . $25, OO P ° rt ° r Sherr y— Ver 7 oU » tonlc wme J P 0 ** - • S1-O5
and ia!e in the Jewelry Dipartment, main floor. Other new Falldress skirts in Etamines, Voiles, Table Wines— Reisling, Sauterne, Zinfandel or Burgundy;
MtexureSttt. . . $4.5O to $22.50 Wool Crash, Broadcloth and Cheviot from . . . n .fT '. '. ' 'I c ' ' r '" L * " \ * ' „* ' *£?Z
Toi et Set, $f. 85 t Q $50.00 $5.00 to $25.00 OW Dom.nlonWh«key-For the two dajsjgaUon 5^.00
oeooo©««eoeoc©o©©o«odo©o©©o©oooD80ooo90oooo
1 YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD.
• : ¦ 1 .
• Folding
9 \ ¦ ; 3 &A Pf?7y^TO!fS s BR8MNPMglHMHsBsW**l"^^™^sW Kr t c f*
V' * ' <^"" w tsTTM^^5M^^3TTwT^Zis^n5555ii^s^i^^3»MQt^ffiBsJ vL# %»W
sgQ t^^Sft^^S J&' r r J * v jK^^*?yy«^?*^^S3^^^^Rc jly3vo*NjlSSfirt K#vHr96^>aZ^^
6$e®eeo9Odo«oaeoeeeoo0ee®aooeeoooooo9fteoeooSpecial Information supplied daily to
business nouses and public men by the
Prees Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • * . ¦
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. *
NAP A, Aug. 11.— Freddie, the 3-year-old
son of Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Zahler. who
reside near Napa, died suddenly Sunday
under peculiar circumstances. The boy
was stung by a bee Saturday afternoon
and his face swelled up badly. Sunday
morning he was attacked by convulsions
and died a few hours later. He had been
in poor health for some time and the
shock of the sting and poison resulted
fatally.
Sting of a Bee Proves Fatal.
MEARL CUMMINGS, the
young sculptor who has been
studying abroad for the past
three years, returned Monday
evening to his California
home.
In Paris he studied at the .Beaux Arts
and was under the tutorship of Mercie
and Louis Neil.
His last group, the "Two Powers," which
was exhibited this year at the Salon, Is
being forwarded from Paris and will, no
doubt, be placed In some one of the pub
lic places. s,
He is also having forwarded two por
trait busts in marble, he having become
quite famous in this line of art.
o-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-r-i-i-i-e
DISTINGUISHED SCULPTOR "WHO
HAS RETURNED FROM PARIS
TO PURSUE HIS ART AT HOME.
The very momentous problem whether or not a
city employe has the right to draw from the munici
pality the money he earns if he have debts is now
exercising the legal brains and taxing the lore of the
members of the Supreme Court. Perhaps the ancient
query, "Is borrowed money your own?" might be a
fairly reasonable basis from which to argue the new
Issue to a solution,
England and France, it is reported, are rapidly
reaching the stage where they are ready to discuss,
in all seriousness, the reduction of their enormous
naval equipments. It is safe to assume that the affair
will remain ip the discussion stage for generations to
come. Nations like individuals keep the peace and
treat their associates with respect simply because they
arc afraid of the other fellow.
Our railways have killed 8358 persons
within a year.
BOGOTA is so far away from the world of live
news that it is not easy to follow the pro
ceedings of the Colombian Congress with re
spect to the canal treaty. In place of information we
get rumors, and instead *of exact statements we get
somebody's estimate of the chances. Even the State
Department at Washington appears to be ignorant
of the real situation, and the officials enjoy the dip
lomatic luxury of swearing they do not know with
out telling a lie.
The latest advices arc that President Marroquin
is sanguine he can procure the ratification of the
treaty if he is given time, and will ask our Govern
ment to grant an extension of the limit fixed for
the ratification. It is reported that if the request
be made it will be granted; and furthermore it is
announced that in view of the unsatisfactory tele
graphic communication between Washington and
Bogota it is probable that in addition to granting
the extension Mr. Beaupre, the United States Min
ister to Colombia, will be authorized to make a
ther extension should it be needed.
All these reports and probabilities are based upon
the assumption that the opponents of the treaty are
aware they cannot defeat it if brought to a vote, and
consequently are playing for time. The report says:
"The opponents of the treaty in the Colombian Con
gress are prolonging the discussion of the convention
in order to prevent a vote being taken in both
houses in season to secure an exchange of ratifica
tions. There appears to be little doubt that if a vote
could be had 00 the-treaty it would be ratified by a
good majority, but the opponents of the measure
prefer to filibuster .against final action upon it and
delay its ratification rather than to permit a vote and
go upon record as favoring its rejection."
Among other annoyances of the situation is a re
ported disagreement between' the Colombian Gov
ernment and- the companies controlling the telegraph
service. The cause of the disagreement has not
DELAY AT BOGOTA.
Resolved. That the representatives of the
various Industries of San Francisco be, and
they are hereby earnestly requested to aid
in this important' work by making exhibits of
their- commodities, and where . practicable the
machinery with which the same are produced.
¦\Vhereas>, There is an earnest and active en
deavor being made to make the California
State Fair representative of the various In
dustries of the State. , and thereby, to make it
an Institution of instruction to the manufac
turer, merchant, farmer, fruit grower and all
other branches of industry, whereby all' classes
of business will be stimulated and expanded;
therefore. It is
The Board of Trade of San Francisco
has voted to give the coming State Fair
what aid it can. A resolution has been
adopted by the board as follows:
Bequests Representatives of Various
, i Industries of City to Make
Exhibitions.
EOAJEtD OF TRADE VOTES
TO HELP STATE FAIR.
The fellow who aimed at aphoristic wisdom and
said that talk is cheap evidently never tried the ex
periment on a long distance telephone.
It is gratifying from a humane point of view that
President Roosevelt has so stirred the world' on the
subject,, and thousands of children everywhere will
owe their lives to . him. ...... .
SINCE President Roosevelt gave such decided
expression to his views on race suicide inquiry
into the cause of decline in population has be
come active in Europe and this country. It is an
interesting evidence of the influence of American
thought and the far light cast by the President's per
sonality that his views are quoted from the Thames
to the Neva.
Inquiry in this country has seemed to prove that
the decline in the percentage of increase in the pop
ulation is not so much due to a fall in the birth rate
as to the appallingly high rate of infant mortality.
This is highest in cities, of course, where tenement
conditions are unsanitary and humanity welters in
a dense crowd. But it is too high in fot rural dis
tricts and invites the immediate consideration of pre
ventive means. Infant mortality is mostly due to
diseases of the digestive system and the alimentary
canal. These are largely traceable to the Use of im
pure milk. The adulteration of milk or uncleanliness
in handling it from the cow to the consumer must
answer for wholesale slaughter of infant humanity.
In France Gaston Lcroux first made a survey of
the milk supply. North of the. Loire he found the
milk uniformly bad, poisonous and unfit for use, and
found that fn the same region one-half the infant
mortality is caused by gastritis, the effect of using^
bad milk. In the smaller cities infant, deaths due to
that cause are: At Troyes, 69 per cent; Manset, 63;
Rennes, 64; Amiens, 62; Lille, 56; but in Paris
only 36. This is because in Paris is enforced the
pasteurizing of milk, its sterilization, by the destruc
tion of dangerous germs. South of the Loire the
percentage decreases, because, as M.Leroux ex
plains, north of that river is the great .butter-making
region of France, while scarcely any butter is made
in the south. The milk is deprived of its fats to
make butter and then is adulterated, to conceal its
leanness and sold for consumption. Skim milk, even
if not sophisticated, is an unwholesome food for in
fants, lacking in nourishment and sure to cause such
physical decay in a child as to make it the easy prey
of disease.
RACE SUICIDE
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The following Cali
fornians are in New York:
San Francisco— F. L. Brauen, E. K. Clarke,
Mrs. J. G. Lagdo, at the Manhattan; W. «A.
Fry at the Grand Union; S. C. Houghton at the
Aator; \V. D. Howe at the Huff man; J. Wass
hause at the Marlborougrh; A. Aronsteln at the
Herald Square, and G. Uhl Jr. at the Victoria.
Los Angeles — W. W« Howard at the Broad
way Central and L. I. Beeaon at the Imperial.
Sacramento — G. L. Johnson at the Grand
Union. '¦ .
Californians in New York.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwin of
Marysville, who has been attending the
annual convention of railroad commis
sioners in Portland, Maine, returned yes
terday and is registered at the Lick.
W. W. Mein, son of the late Captain
Robert Mein. the well known mining en
gineer, has just returned from South
Africa, where he has been engaged In
mining for the last twelve months. He
was met In London by his mother and
brother, Robert Mein, who accompanied
him to the Coast.
W. C. Swain, a capitalist of Marysville,
Is at the Grand.
Colonel Robert Wankowski of Los An
geles is at the Palac«.
Jackson Hatch, an attorney of San
Jose, Is at the Palace.
Graham and Mrs. Babcock of Coronado
are registered at the Palace.
Louis Vetter, a merchant of Los An
geles, Is stopping at the California.
Nathan D. Bill and wife, prominent
residents of Springfield. Mass., are at
the Palace.
John Seconi, a tobacco merchant of
Boston, and his wife, and Patrick Bench,
former Captain of Police of Boston, ar
rived from the East last night.
PERSONAL MENTION
SENATOR GORMAN is always an interesting
figure in politics. His personality has a cer
tain quality, an inscrutable element that is at
tractive. He has the face and air of a recluse, of a
monk, which is helped out by his low and soft voice
and a certain appealing manner. If one met him
among the monks of Meileray he would seem in
place in that penitent brotherhood who daily throw
ii little dirt out of their own grave.
Behind this outward seeming, however, there ex
ists a watchful, wise and acute spirit that is never
unaware of the interests of the flesh which garments
it on such quiet tones. That spirit has cared well
for the body that houses it, for it has led the lad
Gorman, a page boy in the United States Senate, out
of the back door of the old Senate Chamber and into
the front door of the new, to sit among those he
once served. It has also keenly promoted his ma
terialities as well as his ambitions, and the page boy
has estates and good lands and bonds and stocks
and can write his check among the millionaires.
He is a conscious candidate for the Presidency.
We use the word "conscious" as expressive of the
condition of a man who is aware that something is
happening to him without his volition, and which he
neither invites nor repels. In this condition of con
scious candidacy his passive attitude is not incon
sistent with the utterance of views relating to next
year's political issues. Here the bright spirit that
sits under the cowl of his manner affords a most
interesting study. Senator Gorman coldly abhors
the issues raised by Bryan. He is not known as a
vicious and unreasoning enemy of capital in any of its
forms and combinations. In fact, capital and he can
hob and nob together like men in middle life who
were schoolmates, and meet to recall the flush of
youth and spring as seen from the russet beginning
of the fall.
Capital and .Gorman have never said anything bad
about each other that was not purely Pickwickian.
So while his restrained exterior is that of one who
has long surrendered the pomp and circumstance of
life and who is indifferent to externals, the watch
ful spirit within, the tenant of this house of the quiet
outside, desires that other issues than silver and the
trusts shall be the rag which next year's Democracy
will chew. So that keen-eyed interior, the Gorman
that sits inside of himself, suggests that there are
three issues on which his party will win next year.
These zre the control of the negro, the tariff and
economy and honesty in administration. He gave
the race issue first place^ declaring it to be vital
North as well as South. He regarded the negro
as an abhorrent shadow everywhere and insuscep
tible of control except by the Democracy. To demon
strate this he said that negro crimes and lynchings
disappeared from Maryland as soon as the State be
came Democratic, and appeared in Delaware as soon
as it went Republican. Therefore protection from the
negro and his proper discipline require a Demo
cratic victory next year!
The ; .nner consciousness of Mr. Gorman desired
to widely impress it upon the country that civiliza
tion is at stake and its synonym is Democracy, while
its anonym is Republicanism. Then the trusts, lis
tening from afar and resting from the run they have
had to escape from Mr. Bryan, heaved a sigh of re
lief, and the spirit that lives inside of Mr. Gorman,
but is no more a part of his outside than the lamp
is of the lighthouse, winked one eye.
GORMAN AND HIS ISSUE.
Upon the facts stated in that report Secretary
Schultz could construct a strong argument in favor
of his bill for fixing a standard of food served to the
honest epicure of Milwaukee. A man ordering a
dainty dish fit for a king may be content to accept
bits of black silk for "chopped truffles," since silk
is itself a luxury and none but the rich can afford to
eat it; but when a man orders whole truffles and
gets either a lot of small pieces of soft rubber W
of roasted potato flavored by ether he has a right to
protest, for such things are cheap and he is not get
ting the worth of his money. So, too, a man has a
right to demand, of the 'law a food standard so fixed
that no one shall be permitted with impunity to meet
a call, for lobster by serving a plate of cuttlefish.
The only valid objection that could be urged to the
Schultz proposition is that it would be special leg
islation on behalf of the rich and the luxurious. The
ordinary American does not eat snails as a steady
article of diet, and is in no danger of getting a dose
of "horse lungs" by asking for choice "Burgun
dians." For him, therefore, the legal standard of
food served at hotels and boarding-houses would be
of no benefit. Perhaps that is the reason why the
announcement of the preparation of the ordinance
has been received with such general laughter. Let
Secretary Schultz wait until the scientific food fiends
begin , to adulterate cornbeef hash, mince pie and
other simple foods of the masses, and then he will
find those who have been so witty at his expense turn
to him with joy, and, hailing him as the greatest re
former of the day, mention him for the Presidency.
There has just been given out at Washington a
summary of a report from Consul Guenther of
Frankfort on the extent to' which adulteration is
practiced in the manufacture of some of the finer
table delicacies for which Germany and France are
famous. The report says: "An ordinary liver patty
is made into Strassburger pate de foie gras' by means
of borax or salicylic acid and of finely chopped and
cleverly distributed pieces of black" silk, representing
truffles. Cosmos, a German paper, states that, un
der the label of canned lobsters, the soft parts of the
cuttlefish and crabs are sold. In Paris snails are
adulterated with lungs of cattle and horses.. Even en
tirely artificial snails are manufactured. The shells,
recoated with slime, are filled with lung and then sold
as 'Burgundy snails.' Chopped artificial truffles are
made of black rubber, silk or softened leather, and
even whole truffles are made out of roasted potatoes,
flavored by ether. They are said to sell well."
EASTERN reports announce that Secretary
' Schultz of the Milwaukee Health Department
is framing an ordinance fixing a legal standard
for food furnished by hotels and boarding-houses. It
is not likely the ordinance will be enacted even if
it be reported, for it has been greeted with so much
merriment and mockery that it can hardly be ex
pected to withstand the gale. In fact, it is not im
probable that by this time the would-be reformer
has put his bill away and is trying to convince the
public that he was joking from the start.
There would be, however, some merit in such a
bill provided it were made to run against the richer
restaurants and the higher priced hotels, for it is in
such places that the unsuspecting American is moat
likely to be made the victim of spurious 'foods and
fraudulent delicacies. The ordinary foods of the
American people, beef, beans, hash and hominy, are
very apt to be the real thing even if served in res
taurants where a square meal* can be obtained for
15 cents; but when one aspires to foreign luxuries,
to truffles and pate de foie gras, he is liable to catch
a sophisticated decoction nine- times out of ten.
' IMPORTED DAINTIES.
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 12, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/c dress Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rrULI CATION* OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
KDtTOIUAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tenna by Mall, Including Postaga (Cub With Ordert:
DA1LT CALL Ondadlnr Sunday). oa« year f8.OO
DAILY CALL (ioclodiar Sunday), 6 months.......... 4.OO
DAILT CALL— By Elcjcle Month.... T6o
6CNDAT CALL. On* Tear 3-5O
WEEKLY fAT-T^ One Year 1-<X>
f Dally... $S.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE < Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO Per Year Extra
All Postmasters are authorised to reeelre
subscriptions.
Eanple ccsles will be forwarded when reqoetteO.
Hall Bubecribera la ordering cher.ge cf address thoald be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to iacure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
C14S Center Street Telephone ITorth 77
C. CEORGE KROGXESS. Manager Forelsm Adver
tising, Marqnette Iialldincr. Chicago.
OjOuk Distanoe Telephone "Central 2619.")
WABHUfGTOX CORRESPONDENT: I
MORTON E. CttAA'E 14O6 Q Street, H. W.
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
HEPOE5 D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
JCEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABXiTOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel,
Tranont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, 31 Union Square:
Hurray HU1 Hotel; Firth-a venue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BUAXCIl OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Cay. open
uatll • 'JO o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 833
Me All liter, open until 9: SO o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
y to o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, open uctii 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NV.'. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
catll 9 c'clock. 2200 FlUxncre. open until 9 p. m.
The brand of war is burning at last in the Balkans.
For the unspeakable Turk a good drubbing is always
in the nature of things heartily to be wished and the
Macedonians need a few lessons from shot and shell.
Civilized nations may look therefore upon the con
test with perfect composure, which is not indifference,
but a deep desire to see both combatants soundly
thrash" each other.
Mrs. W. F. Buswell has gone to her old
home in Connecticut for a vacation of
three months. She will visit many points
of interest during her sojourn.
Mrs. Ella McGarvie of San Diego la
visiting friends In this city.
Mrs. E. F. Burns and son are spending
a month at Byron Springs.
• ,:.-.• '_ •
Mrs. Otto Shackelford has returned
to Salt Lake.
Mrs. Ellen Bennett and son have re
turned from Lake Tahoe.
• . - : • ' v -, •
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Kelly have returned
from abroad.
Mrs. B. Mlchelsen will be at home the
third Tuesdays at her new residence, 3024
Pierce street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Garratt of 510 Fulton
street announce the engagement of their
daughter. Ethel May Garratt. to Dr. I. T.
Nixon.
• • •
Mrs. William Collier. Mrs. Roy McDon
ald and Miss Lutle .Collier have returned
from Clear Lake.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Reginald K.
Smith are the guests of Mrs. Irving
Scott. Lieutenant Smith will remain in
the city for some time, having been as
signed to duty as rendezvous surgeon.
The Smiths will occupy a house on Pacific
avenue.
Lieutenant Jack Murphy Is visiting rel
atives In Portland.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. James Follis will return
from San Rafael at the end of the pres
ent month.
• • • •
Mrs. Ray Sherman, nee Moody, is pay-
Ing a visit to her mother in this city. Mrs.
Sherman returned from Japan on the
Siberia.
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Pond and Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Breeden have returned from a short
visit to Santa Barbara.
Miss Elsie Gregory gave an informal tea
at her home on Vallejo street Monday
afternoon, complimentary to Mrs. Fran
ces and to Gertrude Williams. These
charming young friends of the hostess
left yesterday with their parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Gardner Williams, to return to their
home in th« East.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Carolan left yes
terday for the East on their way to
Europe. Before going to New Tork they
will visit Mr*. Charles Pullman at her
home in the Thousand Islands and will
also be entertained at Newport by Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Martin.
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck entertained a
few friends at tea yesterday afternoon.
The engagement of Miss Julia de La
vega and Andrew Welch.which has just
been announced, is calling forth many
congratulations. The bride is the charm
in- and accomplished daughter of Miguel
J Le Breton and a niece of Edward J.
Le Breton, president of the French Bank,
who recently left JOO.000 to charity. Mr.
Welch is the son of Mrs. Bertha Welch.
His brother recently married Miss Tobin.
So date la set for the wedding.
Invitations have been issued for a
wedding of unusual Interest which will
take place In this city on August 20. when
Miss Myrtle Dartt will become the bride
of Dr John J. Crowly. Mission Dolores
Church will be the scene of the nuptials.
The bride-elect Is the daughter of Mrs.
F J Dartt of Mendocino. She Is a highly
accomplished young lady of unusual mus
fcal ability and a prominent figure In so-
Cl T>?" Crowly Is assistant physician at
the Mendocino State Hospital and is a
well known and popular Native Son of
this city He is a graduate in pharmacy
from the University of California, class
of after which he pursued the study
of medlcir.e. He ha* held several posi
tions of trust, having served as repre
"entatlve of his district in the State Leg
"slature during the thirty-third session,
also as a member of the State Board cf
P He7s a energetlc and progressive^having
an extensive acquaintance throughout
the entire State, and his large circle of
friends will learn with pleasure of the
"xte'hap^'couple will *»»***%£
eymoon in the southern part of the State.
AGAINST the mad spirit of lynching that has
been so fearful in its manifestations of late
there has. now appeared the spirit of law
speaking in the voice of the press and of the com
mon sense of the people. The mob spirit has im
pelled its votaries to action. The spirit of law has
thus far hardly gone further than to rouse men to
right utterance in the way of protest and denuncia
tion. So long as the one spirit acts and the other
confines itself to talk we shall have lynchings and
mob violences without number; but when once the
speech of the advocates of law has roused the popu
lar will we shall see an end put to lynching about as
swiftly as ever lynching itself put an end to the life
of one of its victims.;
It would be better if our American law could get
itself enforced with such firmness that mobs and
lynchings would be virtually unknown among us.
We are, however, so jealous of popular liberties that
we have provided no way for the summary punish
ment of outrages of that kind: Thus what appeared
a few years ago to be no more than an' outburst of
brutal race prejudice in remote rural districts of the
South has now become so common that hardly a
week passes without the occurrence of some new out
rage of the kind, and these tak'e place not only in
the South and in sparsely settled districts, but in the
North and the East and in large cities.
So frequent have such offenses become that
thoughtful men no longer look upon them as mere
sporadic outbreaks of a criminal tendency, but as evi
dences of a growing moral disease throughout the na
tion. Thus Professor James of Harvard recently said
that lynching can no longer be regarded as "a tran
sient contagion destined soon to exhaust its viru
lence," but must be studied as "a profound social
disease, spreading now like a forest fire, and certain
to become permanently endemic in every corner of
our country, North and South, unless heroic reme
dies are swiftly adopted to check.it."
A rapidly increasing number of law-abiding men
are forming opinions on the subject not essentially
dissimilar to those of Professor James. In due
time their opinion will become the dominant opinion
of the people, and when that happens lynchers will
have to look out. It will be no longer possible for
them to get public officers to overlook their crimes
or juries to acquit, them in the face of convicting
evidence. They will have to meet an aroused public
conscience and take the consequences.
The "right talk" — the talk that is helping to
form a resolute public sentiment on the subject and
to infuse it 'with a vigor that will prompt to stern ac
tion — is heard not only in the North, but in the
South as well. Over and over again strong, influen
tial and popular men in Kentucky, Virginia, South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi have
spoken frankly and fearlessly in condemnation of
lynch law, no matter upon what pretext it is re
sorted to, and their words have found support from
the leading papers of the South. The old voices
of apology, palliation or extenuation of the crimes
of the mob are no longer heard so dominantly as of
old. The voice of protest has become the stronger
of the two, and ere long it will control the situation
and dictate the action of officials and juries.
A good illustration of the improved tone of the
press of the South on the subject is found in a re
cent declaration of the Charleston News and Courier.
After referring to the action of the law officers in
Massachusetts in bringing to trial a number of riot
ers in that State it went on to say: "There is no
reason why we should be concerned about the affair
in Massachusetts. What we are particularly con
cerned about just now is what we shall do with our
latest lynching affair in South Carolina. Surely
Governor Hayward will not permit the murder com
mitted in Aiken County last Friday night by a mob
to pass without the most vigorous prosecution. It
will be a reproach to South Carolina, already cov
ered with reproaches of the same sort shamefully de
served, if all the authority and power of the execu
tive department at Columbia is not exhausted in an
effort to bring the guilty to judgment in this case.
We cannot hope to deserve the good opinion of the
outside world, or merit even self-respect, if we do
not now and in this case make a determined effort to
punish all who participated in it."
Sentiments of that kind spoken or written with
earnest insistence are bound in the end to bring
about a right tone of public sentiment, and with
that will come a solution of the problem that now
appears to be so menacing to our civilization. Mobs
and lynchers may go on for a little while longer with
impunity, but a day of reckoning is coming, and
American law will be vindicated by the American
people.
THE RIGHT TALK.
been stated, but evidently something is wrong, for
the State Department has not been able to get re
sponses from Mr. Beaupre to several important mes
sages sent some time ago. It > appears, in fact, that
the only thing we can do is to wait. Nothing moves
quickly in South America except revolutions. Mar
roquin's request for more time is not surprising.
Perhaps some day the filibusters will go out of
town to a cockfight, and then the administration men
can ratify the treaty and make way for the construc
tion of the great canal.
MYRTLE DARTT
WILL MARRY
DR. CROWLY
DISTINGUISHED SCULPTOR
RETURNS TO CALIFORNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12^ 1903.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CROWN OF GLORY
As Well as a Mark of Beauty Is Lux-
urious Hair.
It has been truly saM that the crowning
glory of our race is a luxuriant -head of
hair. ,
It used to be thought that this was one of
the blesslncs which the gods bestow capri-
ciously, and it is only recently that scientists
have : discovered that its beauty la dependent
upon the absence of a minute germ which
flourishes in the hair follicles, where it de-
stroys the life of the hair. • ,
To restore this life and kill the germs which
cause the mischief is the mission of Xewbro's
Ilerplcide.' . ~ . • ; '
. Herplcide surely kills the germa, I and - is the
beat hainlrfls.oir.K on the market. -It contains
no grease or oil, neither will it stain or dye.
Sold hy leading dniKKlsts. ' Send lOo In
stamps for sample to The - Herolclde Co., De-
troit. Mich. . -:-..;
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children*
Tlis Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tha y^7» y/fy t r j>~
Signature of (*&Gj&Y fcc/c/UAS I
HALF A HUNDRED WOMEN
ON FAMOUS BATTLEFIELDS
IF the complete story could be told of the devotion and suffering, of
the privations and heroic sacrifices of all the brave women who nursed
the wounded and the dying on both sides in the bloody conflict be-
tween the North and South it would be one of the grandest, most
sublime narratives ever penned. Even when recorded in brief their 'ca-
reers speak volumes for the dangers they braved to minister with gentle
hands and loving care.
"Oh, what breaking hearts many mothers^ are still carrying for their
boys buried in graves marked 'Unknown/ " says Mrs. Mary J. Bos-
ton, one of these fifty-eight fair veterans of that bloody conflict who have
written two full pages of personal anecdotes of their service in the hos-
pital, the bivouac and the battlefield. She not only consecrated her
life to nursing the wounded throughout the entire war, but gave two
brothers to the cause at Friedericksburg and a brother-in-law at Gettys-
burg, and the anecdote of which those few lines are the prelude is one
jf the most dramatically thrilling ever penned. These fifty-eight women
saw the awful struggle with their own eyes — and it is war — actual war —
thnt each and every one of them has written of from her own peculiar
point of view. Those two pages alone will enthrall you.
To the veterans whose names make up the roll of honor of the
Grand Army of the Republic that stupendous struggle must ever be a
vivid reality, but to those of the younger generation the hope and de-
spair of that fierce conflict must be seen through the eyes of the artist,
the writer and the painter alone. It is a remarkable fact that some of
the best battlevscenes ever painted are those depicting our great Civil
War from beginning to end. 89S
It is this fact that has enabled The Sunday Call in its special
G. A. R. Edition next Sunday to present its readers with the best pic-
torial panorama of fiercest battles of the war that can be offered by a
modern newspaper. Beginning with General Grant's victory at Fort
Donelson, these pictures carry you through the entire war to its spec-
tacular close with the surrender of General Lee at Appomattox. which
scene alone, replete as it is with historical characters, is one of the most
notable pictures ever reproduced on a ¦ modern color press. There is
"The Battle of Shiloh." "Chattnnooga," "The Siege of Vicksburg."
"Sherman's March to the Sea." "The Battle of Gettysburg." "Grant's
Career From West Point to Appomattox," etc.
And in the line of fiction the greatest popularity has ever been given
to tales of love and war. Just think what themes the Civil War had to
offer. And ' what sentiment, too. There is "Forty Years After" in the
next Sunday Call, for instance. It is a story" of the wavering tide of
battle at Vicksburg. with a thrillingly pathetic denouement in this city.
Then there is "A Girl of the South." "Fate's Pence." "A War Vision"
and "Trying Him Out," which latter will bring, back the most stirring
memories to any one who knows anything about war.
And in a different way. how many know, anything about the'
speeches that created that awful slaughter. There are two pages of fervid
eloquence that will simply amaze you who read them now. so many
years after.
• And last but not least 'there is that magnificent Supplement — tender
sentiment crystallized into color — "The Old Army Chest." wherein a
hardy warrior of the rebellion is showing his treasures to his beautiful
fair-haired daughter. Just register a deep-voiced complaint with your
carrier if you do not get this, picture with your G. A. R. Edition of the
next Sunday Call.MEN WHO -WILL. ASSIST' IN
MAKING ENCAMPMENT A
SUCCESS.
After a very successful engagement at
-Fischer's Chris Whelan, the clever bary
tone singer, left last night for New
York to accept a more lucrative position
with one of the leading opera companies
of the East. Whelan was formerly with
the "Happy Hooligan" company and won
-considerable fame throughout the East
through his remarkable voice. He in
tends to return to this city by the first of
Whelan Returns East.
The popular £tage director was the re
cipient of a handsome silver cigarette
case last evening at the hands of some
of the ladles of the Grand Opera-house
company, the gift being suitably en
graved. -~
Stage Director Jones has been one of
the principal factors In the successes pre
sented at the Grand Opera-house during
the last three months and his resigna
tion from the company was received with
general regret by all his associates and
the legion of friends he has in San Fran
cisco.
Charles H. Jones, the stage director at
the Grand Opera-houFe. will leave for
New York City on Saturday to join one
of the prominent managers for the com
ing season. .''i
Members of Grand Opera-House Com
pany Present Him With Hand
some Souvenir of Regard.
STAGE DIRECTOR JONES
TO LEAVE FOR EAST
The headquarters for the national of
ficers and the official headquarters of the
various departments of the G. A. R. will
be located as follows:
National headquarters, Palaco Hotel; De
partment of California and Nevada, Palace;
Connecticut. Illinois. Indiana, Iowa, Kansas,
Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Hampshire,
National President Mrs. Lodueky J. Taylor,
Xatlonal Treasurer Mrs. Sarah Phillips, Na
tional Secretary Ada K. May, nt the Palace;
Mrs. Lue Stuart Wadsworth, national patri
otic instructor. Palace: National Senior Vice
President Mm. Geraldlne B, PrUble, Occiden
tal: Pant National President Mrs. Emma Stark
Hampton, Occidental; Pa«<t National Presi
dent and President Andersonvillc Prison Board
Mrs. L. A. Turner, Orand; Past National
President Mrs. Harriet J. Bodge, at The Roose
velt: Past National Prcrtdent Mrs. Emma R.
Wallace, Pelace.
That the encampment is close at hand
is evidenced in various ways about the
city, but nowhere is the fact more em
phasized than at the downtown hotels,
where the pressure or business is rap
idly increasing and to such an extent
that it keeps the managers and clerks
busy scheming how to meet the de
mands for accommodations. For the
last three nights all the large hotels
have, been filled to their utmost capacity,
and hundreds of people arriving on the
late trains have been denied lodgings at
these hostelries, for no other reason
than no rooms were to be had. Of
course this condition does not In any
way affect the chances of the delegates
to the encampment getting accom
modations, for their rooms have been ar
ranged for by the local committee, and
the people who now occupy them do so
with the understanding that they will
vacate when the old soldiers arrive.
Those who are attracted to the city by
the cheap transportation rate will have
to find accommodations in the smaller
hotels, of which, however, there are
plenty to meet all requirements.
HEADQUARTERS ARE LOCATED.
The general committee has arranged
for headquarters for the national officers
of the Woman's Relief Corps as follows:
successful affairs which the Olympic Club
has ever given.
HOTELS ARE FILLING UP.
Michael Mullin, a longshoreman em
ployed on the collier Tcllus, was struck
on the head by a chunk of coal yesterday
afternoon, sustaining a fractured ekull,
from which he subsequently died. The
accident occurred at 4:30 p. m.. while the
unfortunate man was at work in the hold
of the vessel loading coal buckets. In
snme unaccountable manner a large lump
of coal fell from one of the hatchways,
striking Mullin's head and rendering him
unconscious. The Injured man was at
once conveyed to the Harbor Hospital.
He died about an hour later and the body
was removed to the Morgue. The funeral
will be held under the auspices of the
[xmeshoremen'a Union, of which the de
c*»as^<1 was a member.
Meets Death, on Collier.
Call on Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market
s; :>¦•:. asd see the machine that develops
Qlma anywhere and any time and much
Letter than the old tvay. •
The Darkroom Abolished.
ATHENS. Greece, Aug. 11.— Three
slight earthquakes occurred here at 6
o'clock this morning. Three villages on
the isle of Clnthera were almost entirely
destroyed. The earthquake was general
throughout Greece, but no fatalities have
been reported.
ROME, Aug. 11.— An earthquake having
the region o- Mount Etna aa a center was
felt to-day throughout Sicily and South
ern Italy and to a smaller degree in Cen
tral Italy. Little damage was done, al
though In the zone of greatest Intensity
the movement lasted two minutes. The
Flume Caldo, a stream near Mount Etna,
became turbid and the temperature of the
water roso to 72 degrees. Mount Vesu
vius is again In eruption, its present ac
tivity being considered to be connected
with the earthquake shocks.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— A dispatch from
Candia, Island of Crete, says that an
earthquake occurred there at 6 o'clock
this morning and that its duration was
thirty-two seconds, but that there was no
casualties.
MOUNT ETNA THE CENTER
OF EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
It has been decided to set apart one day
as Santa Clara County day, and the La
dles, of the Grand Army living in San
Jose and Santa Clara are making great
preparations to entertain the visitors,
since a great many of the Eastern people
will visit the valley, which is known
throughout the United States <is the para
dise of California. Committees have been
appointed and its members are busy mak
ing arrangements in order to give tho vis
itors the most hospitable reception In the
history of the organization.
Ah the date for the opening of the en
campment approaches and the general
committee begins to realize that its pre
liminary labors are rapidly drawing- to a
close, the more they are enabled to appre
ciate the aid received from certain en
thusiastic gentlemen, none of whom are
entitled to more credit than William II.
Whorff, one of the most active of veter
ans; Colonels J. F. Burgin and William
Edwards, who have been chosen from the
National Guard to act 38 aids to the grand
marshal, and Captain Fred Pabst, who
has so generously contributed to the gen
eral fund. ..
Prominent members of the G. A. R.
in this city and elsewhere are agitating
a movement to bring about an expression
of opinion from the delegates at the com
ing' encampment in opposition to the pro
motion of General Leonaru Wood to the
position of major general of the army.
It has been learned that sets of resolu
tions bearing on this subject already
have been placed in circulation among G.
A. R. men. Although the resolutions do
not mention the name of General Wood,
it is plainly evident that they are direct
td to his case. The matter, if brought
before the sessions of the encampment,
is exDected to provoke a fierce debate,
for there is a difference of opinion as
to the real purpose of the resolutions,
some contending that politics is involved
in the affair and others that the attempt
to defeat the promotion of Wood is a
scheme in which a numbejr of his enemies
in the army are concerned.
BOARD OF TRADE IS ACTIVE.
The State Board of Trade yesterday
delegated Mrs. Bancroft, one of the mem
bers of the board, to meet the ladies who
will come to California in connection with
the Grand Army Encampment and to seek
to induce them to visit the exhibition
rooms of the board. Craigle Sharp was
also requested to persuade Grand Army
veterans and other visitors to see what
the State Board of Trade has to show,
illustrative of the resources of California.
The local Spanish War Veterans, who
have recently organized themselves under
the name of General Nelson A. Miles
Command, are making elaborate prepa
rations for entertaining tne distinguished
commander of the army, who has Just re
tired, and the several thousand veterans
of the Spanish war who are expected here
next week. According to the dispatches
from Omaha, General Miles received a
great ovation there yesterday. He shook
hands with over 2000 persons who had as
sembled to greet him .and later, when
asked if he would be a candidate for the
position of commander in chief of'tho
G. A. R.. he replied:
I am not seeking It. General John C, Black
is a good man (or the place. I know him well
and regard him highly. For my part, I am
going Just as a visitor. I have always been
greatly Interested In the Grand- Army and was
one of Its organizers and therefore consider
myself entitled to attend the encampment with
the boys.
Admiral Terry will reach the age of re
tirement in December, 1004. On his pres
ent trip to the islands he is accompanied
by his wife and is expected to sail on the
next steamer.
Rear Admiral Remey, who was chair
man of the Lighthouse Board, retired
yesterday, and a temporary chairman will
be appointed until Admiral Evans, who Is
now with the Asiatic squadron, returns
to this country.
Rear Admiral Silas Terry, U. S. N., re
cently assigned to the command cf the
naval station at Honolulu, reached here
from the East last evVnlng and is a
guest at the Palace Hotel. Since his de
tachment from the command of the Wash
ington navy yard two months ago up
to his assignment to Honolulu tne ad
miral had been on waiting orders, while
his friends were hard at work tryine to
secure for him the appoiptment to the
chairmanship of the Lighthouse Board,
for which Admiral Evans was also striv
ing. By the placing of Admiral Terry in
Honolulu the much sought for place in
Washington was assured Admiral Evans.
High Naval Officer Arrives Here on
His Way to His New Post
of Duty.
REAR ADMIRAL TERRY
EN ROUTE TO HONOLULU
The evening's entertainment closed with
the singing of "The Soldier's Love" and
"Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," by
Mr. Henley and the chorus. A promenade
concert brought to an end one of the most
Mrs. Julia Gifford Fitz?immons then
made her first public ajipsaranee after
her recent nuptials with the ex-champion
prize fighter. The little actress rendered
the aria from "Le Cid" in a manner that
made the whitewashed rafters of the Pa
vilion ring. Her efforts occasioned hearty
applause and she was forced to rerpond
with a popular song as an encore.
A group of wrestlers then wriggled ever
the mats to the great delight of the small
boys who had smuggled their way past
the doorkeepers. Other club athletes
swung blazing clubs in the darkened hall
with very fetching effect.
Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup led the
singing of "The Star Spangled Banner"
while the attendants weie clearing the
arena for the boxers. Then came Robert
Fitzsimmons in robin's egg blue tights
and a happy smile to demonstrate the
manly art with George Dawson of tne
Olympic Club.
Between the periods when some half
dozen boxers were skipping over the floor
of the arena, the ex-champion gave a real
imitation of a pugilist in action. He sim
ulated distress and final agony in such a
lively manner as to cause some of the
ladies in the audience to hunt for their
lavender salts.
performance was opened by the singing
of "America" by a trained chorus of
fifty voices, accompanied by the Third
United States Artillery Band from the
Presidio. Then a group of graceful young
men in flashings converted themselves
into acrobatic poses plastlques with much
success. Another patriotic song 1 , "March-
Ing Through Georgia," was rendered by
S. Homer Henley, with a band accom
paniment.
MRS. FITZSIMMONS APPEARS.
WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.-By order of j
the President a letter of reprimand will :
be sent to Lieutenant Commander Fidello :
S. Carter, U. S. N.. for negligence in nav- !
lgation in falling to have casts of the |
lead taken frequently while under way on
soundings.
Carter was tried by general court-mar
tial on the Asiatic station last winter on !
five charges in connection with the j
grounding of the United States tug Pisca- •
taqua on December 2S last near Subig
Bay, Philippine Islands. The court found j
him guilty on all charges and sentenced j
him to dismissal from the service. j
After a careful review of the testimony j
Acting Secretary Darling, who has spent j
months. of study on the case, prepared ar
brief review of the findings for submission '
to the President. The acting Secretary !
expressed the opinion that Carter was '¦
guilty only of neglect in navigation and !
not guilty on the other four charges. He j
recommended that he be reprimanded.
This recommendation the President
adopted.
Lieutenant Commander Carter Earns
the Censure of President
Roosevelt.
CABELESS NAVAL OFFICER
WILL BE f REPRIMANDED
BENICIA, Aug. 11.— General MacArthur.
I'- 6. A., and staff arrived here to-day
on the tug Slocurn from San Francisco.
When the boat tied up at the Arsenal
wharf the general and his staff were
driven to the shooting ranges where com
petitive shooting is being engaged in by
the different companies of I'nited States
ir.far.try In the Department of California.
The object of the general's visit is to In
spect the range ar.d to be present to
morrow jo distribute the medals to the
marksmen -scoring the highest points.
Considerable Interest is being manifest
ed among the different companies con
testing for supremacy. The score to-night
is In favor of the Seventh Infantry, Ser
ceant Willis of that company being the
leader in to-day's shooting, with CorporaJ
Ir.g-leheart cf the same company a close
second. Sergeant Timmons is a close com
rx'titor for first honors. To-morrow's
shoot tvill be final, after which General
MacArthur will present medals to the
iTun making the best scores ar.d also se
lect the men who are to represent the
Department of California in the shooting
contest to be held at Fort Sheridan on the
20th inst.
The residents of Benicia were greatly
agitated some time ago by a report that
the Government was about to abandon
the post at Ber.icia. A .committee from
The local Board of Trade called on Gen
eral MacArthur to-day to learn if there
¦was ar.y foundation for the report. He
assured the members that the Govern
ment had no intention of abandoning the
post. He eaid that he intended to send
three companies of regulars here In the
near future and that the outlook for im
proving and enlarging the- post seemed
favorable.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Aug. ll.-The Terri
tory department cavalry and pistol com
petition shoot at Fort Whipple is now
on. Tht sccrvs of the highest twelve com
petitors with pistol at fifty yards are as
follows:
Henry Senser. ditstinjuished niarksman.
Fourteenth Cavalry, !MW; Lieutenant Llppln
cott. Fo*jrte>i-r.th Cavalry, 2tif>: Lieutenant Cole.
Ninth Cavalry. i£*; Lirutenar.t Camp, Ninth
Cavalry. S51 ; £«*rp*ant Jahnfce. Kourteer.th
<"avairy, -ib; Corporal Watson. Fourteenth
Cavalry. 2*1: Corporal Huth»»>oski. band,
Fourteenth Cavalry. ":>6; S*?rg->»aiit Thompstm, ¦
disti run:: shed merkfrnari. Ninth Cavalry. «W»>;
Captain Hnnard, Fourteenth Cavalry, luti; ber
pesuit Wartield. Ninth Cavalry. ZM; Private
Carlisn, l^W; Private Lewis, Fourteenth Cav
alry.
Sc'ore* n:e<J<? wi:h carbine: first Lieutenant
Aulirpy LH'i>irtf*ou. Kourtw>uth Cavalry. iOf;;
Captain Harold T. Howard. Fr-urfenth Cav
a!ry. :&"; S^rg^ant hj^acer H. Thomas. Ninth
cavalry, S01; Corporal Her.iy Bea»er. Four
teenth Cavalry. :>42; Scrg^i^U Jarnke. Four
teenth Cavalry. 340; Firrt Lieutenant Ca?per ;
«'"!e. Ninth Cavalry. .T.u; Corpora! George F. ¦
Watson. Fourt»f>mh Cavalry. IJ22: BOXtant
'rf'.rse Walran. Ninth Cavalry, :il«: Serpeant
Dookcr. f:flh Cavalry. 313: Sergeant Sam
IVar&eld. Nir.th Cavalry. Sou; CorncraJ J-sse
Ilaker. Ttnth Cavalry. 2M; Private Cla,ud«
Lrwts, Fourteestb Cavalry. 293.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, Aug. "ll.— The hurri
cane which yesterday passed over San
Domingo and Martinique probably is ap
proaching the south Cuban coast, with
indications of recurving, but at what an
gle the weather bureau officials are un
able to state. A report from Havana at
7 o'clock to-night said that the wind was
blowing thirty-six miles an hour and was
from the northwest. The hurricane proba
bly will continue in its course northward
somewhere close to the Faraday Penin
sula. Hurricane 'varnings have been sent
to points from- Port Eads .on - the Gulf
coast around the Florida coast up as
far as Jupiter. The storm was central
this morning at Kingston, Jamaica.
The State Department to-day received
a dispatch from Consul Jewett at Fort
de France, Martinique, dated yesterday,
confirming the press report of the disas
trous storm on that island. The dispatch
Bays:
"Terrific cyclone visited entire island
midnight Saturday. Great damage to
crops and fruits. Many houses in Fort
de France unroofed. Trees - two feet
thick uprooted. One man killed. Consu
late intact. At Trinite seven killed; many
houses destroyed. Smaller towns dam
aged. New villages Tivoli, Fond La
Haye, Fourneols and-Reculee destroyed,
*£nderinB 5000 homeless."
Reports of Great Damage on
Martinique Island Con
firmed.
It was a varied programme fit to satisfy
the most diversified tastes which the club
members offered. Opera singing, national
airs and sparring by rx-champion Bob
Fitzsimmons were the specialties among
the attractions offered. Whether it was
an aria from "Le Cld" or a strangle hold
in cateh-as-catch-can. the spectators
paid their warmest applause to the efforts
of the performers. .
Out of compliment to the great patri
otic society for whose reception the
Olympic entertainment was given, the
THE reception fund of the G. A. R.
encampment received a goodly
boost as the results of the ladies*
night benefit which was given by
the Olympic Club at the Me
chanics* Pavilion last night, though the
crowd was not as large as was hoped
for.
National officers, at Golden Gate Hall,
Wednesday evening, August 10; Department of
California and Nevada. Golden Gate Hall,
Thursday evening. August 20; Department of
Ohio, Pala.cc Hotel, Tuufcday evening, August
18; Department of IlHnoia. Palace 'Hotel. Tues
day evening August 18; Department of Minne
sota, Tuesday evening. August. 18, Palace Ho
tel; Department of Massachusetts., Thursday
evenln*. August 20, parlors of Golden Gate
Hall- Department of Washington and Alaska,
parlors of Lick House, Wednesday evening, Au
gust 19; Department of Connecticut, on the
afternoon of Tuesday. August 18, at the Palace
Hotel; Lincoln Relief Corps. Mo. 3, Pan Fran
cisco, will hold a reception In Assembly Hall,
Pioneer Building, Friday evening, August 21.
The committee has also secured am
ple accommodations for the holding of
receptions, and has already assigned
the following halls to the Woman's Re
lief Corps for social purposes:
New York. South ' Dakota. Ohio. Vermont,
New Jersey, Missouri. . at . the Palace; Michi
gan and Tennessee, at the Grand; Minnesota,
Washington and Alaska, at the Lick; Maine,
at the Manhattan.
Team to Go to Fort Sheridan
Will Be Selected From
Among Winners.
Warnings Are Sent to
Points on Florida
Coast.
Benefit at Pavilion Entertains Many Delighted Specta
tors---lncreasing Arrivals at Hotels Tell City That
Annual Gathering of Civil War Veterans Is at Hand
Infantrymen Engage in
Exciting Contest
for Medals.
HURRICANE WEARS
SHORES OF CUBA
REGULARS SHOOT
AT BENICIA RANGE
OLYMPIC CLUB FETE MATERIALLY AIDS
THE GRAND ARMY ENCAMPMENT FUND
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12. 1903.'
7
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
IN HARVARD IS UNDOUBTEDLY THE
BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE PRESENT
SEASON AND MADE AN IMMEDIATE
HIT. — Examinar.
TO-NIGHT—
EVERY NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY *
And Our Superb Eastern Company. In
In Harvard
PRICES— 25c. BOe. 73o.
Mil IIMSIA aiFiMCScri
Powell street, near Market.
LAST 5 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EZRA KENDALL
In the Immense Comedy Hit.
THE' VINEGAR BUYER
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
\TATC * rst week of the
nU It. flenry Mfller»Margaret Anglin
reason will open NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
and will be devoted to George Bernard Shaw's
four-act play. "THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE."
The ADVANCE SALE OF SEATS WILL COM-
MENCE THURSDAY AT 0 o'clock. Positively
no orders accepted in advance of that date.
I I V UJLi house.
TO-NIGHT and Every Nlsht ThU "Week.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
As LADY CONSTANCE SINCLAIR In the
Great DeKoven Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
With the Special Tivoli Cast Throughout.
EDWIN STEVENS A3 FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham, Annie Myers. Edward
Webb. Bertha Davis. Almee Leicester. Ferris
Hartman and the b!g Tivoli company, with
the orchestra under Paul StelndorH.
The Next Attraction Will B« .
"THE FORTUNE TELLER." t
POPULAR PRICES— 23e. 60c, T5e.
Telephone — Bush 9.
WILL BE THE TALK OP THE TOWN. "
THE BIGGEST HIT EVER MADE BY US.
"QUO VASS ISS" and {
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" I
Would nil this whole column to enumerate
all the great things.
Our "All Star" - Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC., ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23c. 80o and
75c- Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
60c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
LESTER AND CURTIN: LITTLE BLOSSOM ,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING IN THE THEATER,
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALB* BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. Be—
jSPBp. Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
$3,200 CASH GIVEN flWAY
To Test Advertising Value of the Various San
Francisco Papers.
CUT THIS OUT— =
To-morrow marnlns we commence our second newspaper advertlslnjr
test, and we will give away the sum nt threw* thousand two hundred dol-
lars for this purpose, as against two thousand four hundred dollars, which
we appropriated last year. / .
In publishing this proposition we have a two-fold purpose. The first to
see which Dai>er Is entitled to the largest share of our advertising; and
second, to crowd a heavy business Into an otherwise dull month.
Pommer-Ellers Music Co.'e methods permit of no midsvynmer dullness.
Each succeeding: month -so far has shown a marked Increase in sales over
each preceding month. August Is considered the dullest month in the piano
business. Piano buying, always readily postponed, is easily overlooked and
put off until later In the year.
August with us must be the banner month. Before* next Wednesday
night we propose- to sell 135 strictly new. standard, fully warranted pianos,
and we propose to pay you handsomely to do buslneea with us now.
We have set aside $3200 In cash for thla purpose.
We publish here a coupon. Cut th!« out and bring it with you. After
you have selected your piano our cashier will give you the money for it.
enough to pay for one-tenth the amount of any piano you select out of our
regular stock. . . -
If you live out of town s«nd the coupon in by registered mall, and ask
for prices and catalogues. If received before Saturday night It will b« ac-
cepted and applied on any piano you may decide to purchase.
Cut this out. S|9|03. Call. JM00. •
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO. (Inc.)
TEST COUPON'
This Coupon will ba accepted by Pommer-Xllem Muilo Co. at
our San Francisco retail salesrooms It presented before 10 o'clock
Saturday evening". August 15th, 1903, and is good for a cash pay-
ment equal to one-tenth of the purchase price of any piano in our
stock.
Note: v v>;
We agree to accept this coupon exactly the same as cash on
a piano or organ, and monthly or weekly payments for the balance
may be arranged to suit the convenience of any reasonable buyer.
Delivery or instrument will be made immediately, or at any time
In the future.
PLEASE BEAR IN MIND THE CUT PRICES
Remember this is a straightforward proposition, made for the purpose
of making August the biggest month in Doint of sales; also to enable us to
ascertain which Is the most widely read paper.
The low special prices that have proven such a revelation to California
piano buyers, prices that are practically what dealers or agents pay whole-
sale for their pianos, will prevail during this sale.
THE FINEST PIANOS INCLUDED
The foremost and very best of American pianos, such as the now fa-
mous Kimball, the old reliable Decker tba beautiful and exclusive Haael-
ton, the Crown Orchestral, and 23 other various makes, are included in this
¦ale.
Every piano is marked in plain figures; no more Is asked, no less ac-
cepted. A child is able to buy of us as advantageously as can the shrewd-
est shopper.
LOOK AT THESE PRICES:
Here are a few of the prices: Pianos for which you ar« e*p«cted to pay
from $325 to 1375 elsewhere can be secured now at Pommer-Ellers* for $215
and $238. These Instruments are first class pianos, fully warranted In every
respect. Payments of $3 a month buys them.
instruments that are usually sold for S220 and $275 are retailed now by
us for $186. and some plainer, yet very desirable styles, go now for %li$ and
$157. Others as low as $133. Payments of $6 a month buys them.
Beautiful hand-carved exquisitely cased Orchestral Grand upright pianos
that cannot be bought elsewhere for less than $£00 and $630. the most costly
and moat valuable pianos made in America, finer than which no dealer
can supply them, are now {3S6 and 1418. Payments of $12 a month buys
them.
Organs range in price from Us to 1118. according to works, style and
design. Payments of $5 a month for the most expensive styles and H a
month for the cheaper styles buy 3 them.
THE COUPON PAYS ONE-TENTH
Remember that the above coupon pays 10 per cent or one-tenth of the
total amount of any instrument you select, and the remainder may be
paid In cash or in monthly payments, aa above described.
Do not fail to look at the line of pianos that arc now offered on pay-
ments of $1.60 a week.
Why rent a piano? Make small weekly payments and own a fine ne-w,
warranted piano.
Remember, too, that you are dealing with a thoroughly established,
financially responsible concern. W« have now three thousand satisfied cus-
tomers who have bought pianos of us during the past fifteen months. We
guarantee absolute satisfaction in every instance, or no sale.
COME EARLY— STORE TO BE OPEN EVENINGS
These coupons are good for next week only. Come early to-morrow
morning if you can and secure the choicest of the 135 pianos Included in
this sale.
Call in the evening If you cannot come In the daytime. Store Is to be
kept open every evening until 10 o'clock during: this advertising test.
Remember the number. 653 Market street.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO.. California's busiest and best store. Op-
posite Lotta's Fountain.
THE MAN WITH THE BIG HEAD-Go 'way! Git out! I'm sick! I want to die!
THE MAN WITH THE LEVEL HEAD— Ah. you old elnnerl No rest for the wlckedl
You will go on a bat while your wife's In the country, will you? You ought to sul-
ferl But why didn't you do as I told you when I left you last night, and as I did
myself: take a CASCAHET Candy Cathartic before oolng to bed7 You'd feel good
like I do. They work while you sleep, fix up your stomach and bowels, cool
your feverish liver, and make you (eel line and dandy the morning after. Mi
ADYXBTZSEMEXTTS.
CASH
—ore—
CREDIT
Many people have been pleased
to find that they can pur-
chase here by either plan.
& J^fTf9&
+^ j(\j: \ V keag ticking,
jffyfl i 1 30 -pound weight;
. jwSl\\ { regularly $15; this
mWffi Iy^f92b
w((>f/ (National
vwiftsV' :' • CarpetSweeper
f(v V^Vf \S il Roller bearing;
V/miv><£^ Guaranteed;
fCfflk^^ Regularly $4.03;
This week S2.25
111 ¦¦
Extension Table
Solid Oak; 6 feet; reduced from
$8.50 to ~ S5.25
Chiffonier
Solid cak; 36 inches wide; five
drawers and hat box ; reduced from
$12.00 to S7.00
Music Cabinet
TJkhogzny, highly polished; re-
duced from $16.00 to...Sl0.00
Carpet Remnants
I to 7 yards; per yard 40 C
TV> are complete- home furnisher* — hotel*,
flaii or country houses. Estimates given.
Free delivery within 100 tnllei.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,
338 to 342 Post Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. Aus- 12.
Parquet, ,any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
BLFIB FAY,
"The Craziest Soubretta on the American
Stase."
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winalow;
The Great Kaufraann Troupe;
Dooley and Tenbrooke; Roberts,
Hayes and Roberts; George Austin
and Macart's Dogs and Monkeys.
CAbSFORNIA
. ("TO-NIGHT— All This Week. ]§xA
J Most powerful organization B *
of its kind in America. * *
KEILI.-MOBO5CO CO.
7.5 Presenting the Comedy Ro- T.**
•**' mance. • tt '
ejf| A ROYAL fiMILY ca
* Jxf Bargain Matinee To-morrow, **V/
Q tZ 2.1c and 50c. O R
J>yJ Sunday — To Greet the Na- •**/
tion's Heroes.
SHEITAHDOAH
B>mJ Greotp!«t of all War Dramas. BP 3
III Seats Now Selling. J Wag
IIheatru
¦*»•¦# w w P'roprt f*to < r v *v.
Market st.. near Eighth Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK.OXL.Y.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Magnificent Production of the New York and
London Success,
"Man's Enemy"
The Greatest of Scenic Sensational Melo-
dramas,
Dealing With tht Evila ot Drink!
DDirGC Evenings 10c to 50c
rnltCj Matinees 10c, 15c 2S«
Grand Army Week, Aug. 17,
The Famous Civil War Drama,
"CUMBERLAND '61"
AT P A7 A T> Balasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E s°&c
•„ ; i ¦ , ¦ ¦ Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL WEEK OF
WHITE WHITTLESEY
As D'Artagnan In a Fine Production of
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. & Sat., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Belasco & Mayer's great
special presentation of the quaint rural comedy.
THE DAIRY FARM.
As Given 1200 Times in the East.
.:. ','¦' '.' First Tima in San Francisco——
SEATS NOW ON SALE. .
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Hffi
. • t Ausplcea S. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 3:15 p. m. FRIDAY, August 14,
THURSDAY, August 27. and every THURS-
DAY following up to and Including October 8.
BALE OF SINGLE SEATS NOW ON "AT
SHERMAN & CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
PRICES OF SEATS.
Orchestra. $1 60: Dress Circle. $1 50. flnt
four rows; $1 25, last four rows; Family Circle,
$1, first two rows; 50c, last four rows; Gallery.
00c.
ADVBBTiSEME3rrS !
I A FRESH SKIN I
For half a century Helskell'a Ointment M
has been used by careful mothers every- Q
where for purifying and preserving the n
sktn in beauty. Heiskell's Ointment H
cures red, rough skin. Pimples, Blotches, B
Burns, Scald*.^ Tetter, Erysipelas, Salt B
Rheum, Scald Head. Itch, Ringworm, fc
Ulcers, Sore Nose, Sore Eyelids. En
HEISKELL'S |
Ointment |
fl cocls all Irritation; makes the skin beau- fl
H tifully fair and smooth. Helskell's Soap R
H and HelskeM's Ointment make a complete D
M treatment and sure cure for any skin m
H trouble. At druggists', soap. 25c; olnt- H
¦ me nt, 50c Send for book of testi- m
fcj monials. Ki
¦ JOHNSTON, KOLLOWAY & CO. i
»^ Philadelphia. B
Pa fare Dorr FA| L TO
1 aiatW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flflil room, the EMPIRE
(IllU PARLO R, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
ii rand l qh is xv par -
AliaUU LOR\ andithe LA-
H . | DIES'' WRITING
Hotels RooM
DDTTCO17C FOR BARBERS, BA-
0 K U OXl-I-iO kerSf boolbIacks . fc ath-
_," W 'T. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. . canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, papet--
hangers. printers, painters, shoe ' factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
¦ BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento St.
W. X. HESS,
NOTARY PDBLIO AND ATTOBNEY-AT-UW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1019,' Claus Spreckela bids.
Telephone Main 0S3.
RMldence. "821 California St.. below PowolL
Residence Telephone James 1301.
ff& H R B EHfe Beds, chairs, Stoves, etc.
1 B fl Bi tfa 1 Tents for rent and for sale.
I 11 BUI B* Gun8 ' Hltle *> Flshinjj Tackle
E iMIll I an<l Sporting Goods. Send
Ullllll for Catalogue. Ehreve &
'¦^ m - ;-"¦ • Barber Co., 733 Market *t.
' and 621 Kearny St.MK*NEAPOLIS. An*. 11.— City Marshal
John H Williams shot and killed William
Feldbusch In a duel on the river last night.
The Marshal had a warrant for Feldbusch' m
arrent.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Athena, Caxyota,
Quaker Girl.
Second race— Hiss Gould, Mayor
Graham, Dottie Shute.
Third race— Ingolthrift, Brancas,
Potter.
Fourth race — Dolly Gray, Hilee,
Helen Print.
Fifth race— W. B. Gates, Josie F,
Hindi.
Sixth race — Neversuch, Eliza JDJ1
lon, Brown Vafl.
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Ingol thrift
100. Sadie Burcn 102, Brancas 105. Potter 105.
Fenian 105. (Sadie Burch and Fenian. T. P.
Hayes* entries.)
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selllnar. Golden
Rod stake^ — Dolly Gray 96. Helen Print 108.
Hllee 110. .
.Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles purso
—Hindi 98. W. B. Gates 104. Josl« F 103.
Sixth race, ono and three-slxteentha miles,
selling — King's Sister 92. Eliza Dillon 103.
Neversuch 04, Satin Coat 110. Florrle- S 1 103.
Brown Vail 100. Koweta 87.
Second race-, six furlongs, selling — Offset 117,
Mathilde 117. Katla Cromwell 110. Stulx U9.
Mayor Graham 119. Harry Grtfflth- 119 How
ard P. 119. Cresslda 117. Cautious 119 Dotty
Shuto 119. Miss Gould 117.
First rac«. flv» and a half furlongs, aellteg —
Sweet Myrtle 100. Quaker Girl 103 Caryota
100. Dr. Cartledge 109, Frank Collins 1C».
Athena 101. Wenrlck 108 "
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 11.— Weather clear; track
fast. Entries :
ST. LOUIS ENTBTES.
SIXTH RACE — Purse; seven farlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5- to 1 — Orleans, 107 (Sheehan).... « 2 1 h
7 to 1— Joe Goss. 10!) CD. Hall)... 2 1 2 1 '•>
9 to 2— Doe Skin. 102 (Louden).... 3 3 3 n
Time, 1:2D. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. R. R. Rice's br. m. by The Ch«valler-Flo
rine. Alfio 103, Golden Glitter 102. Jake Weber
104. Captain Gaston 104. Ada X 107 and King
Rose 102, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; on« mile:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fla.
7 to 2— Hydrophobia. 114 (C.Enner) 8 2 11
6 to 2— Llttl* Lois. 114 (Troxler).. 14 2 2
20 to 1 — Whaleback. 113 (Brlingme) 0 8 3 3
Time, 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. C. Sloan's ch. c. by Sladstone- Duchess.
Eliza Cook 112. Goo Goo 86. Emma- Meyer 96.
Aunt Bettle 102. Prince Herman 103. Edna
Lowe 1C5 and Mllas 111, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Croix d'Or. 104 (Sheehan).. 3 115
» to 2— M. Mae Day, lOO(A.W.Bker) 13 2 3
3 to 1— Malster. 107 (Troxler) 2 2 3 4
Time. 1:15. Start fair. Won eastly. Win
ner, W. Mulkey's ch. g. by Dochart-Golden
Slipper. - Joe Lesser 108. Pouxquoi Paa 0* and
Fltzkanet 116. also ran.
THIRD RACE— /'urse; five and a half fur
lanci:
Betting. Hone, Weight Jockey. St. %, Flru
3 to 1 — Cap and Gown. 106 (Troxler) 1 2 1 l'i
S to 1 — Allegrette. 100 (McCloskey) 3 3 2 h
7 to 2— Our Lillie. 10O (A.W.B'ker) 2 1 3 S
Time, 1:11. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner H. E. Rowell's ch. f. by Wadsworth-Rad
Dress. Eniema 105, Canossa 100, Grief 106,
Pinky B 100, Blue Rine 106. Easter Walter*
100, Allle C 1C8 and Always Faithful 106. also
ran.
SECOND RACK — Selling; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
» to r— Fugurtha. 105 (D. Hall).. 1113
10 to 1— Tom Crabb, 107 (Shilling). 8 3 2 2
l» to :, — Sweet Dream, 10tH Watson) 5 4 3 1 \%
Time, 1:15U. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. V. Conrad's ch. c. by July-Hearsa. Si
phon 107. Oi.e More 107. Algaretta 100. Halm I ¦
105. Armand 1O7. Stlnc 1U7. Star Oazer 107.
Vema Rice 107 and Wild Katie 100, also ran.
The best finish of the day cam© In the
last race, when Orleans defeated Joe Gosa
by a head at the wire. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; one mile:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
J to 1 — Eufalla. 101 t U. Hall) 8 2 1 1
»t» to 1 — Brown Vail. 114 (HowelU.. 1 1 2 n
6 to 1— Alborac. 106 (D. Austin).. 7 S 3 H
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Tholl Bros." br. f. by Troubador-Miss
Dlxon. Una Price 114. Varna Fonso tNJ. Car
ley's Dream 106. Maghonl W, Dominls ail and
Tenny Itelle 114, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 11.— Croix d'Or won
the feature event at Delmar Park to
day. Jockey Sheehan gave the geldlnx
a good ride, avoiding the early pace, and.
coming away in the stretch, Oroix d'Or
won rather easily. Fitzkanet, the well
played favorite, was cut down and fin
ished last.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Croix d'Or Wins the Six Fur
long Handicap Bather
Easily.
Heavily Backed ' Choice
Finishes Last at
Delmar.
FITZKANET CUT
DOWN IN RACE
The -way of the' transgressor is slip
pery.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— The Meadows
summary: ,
Five furlongs — Master won, Nellls Mar sec
ond Monda third. Time. 1:01%.
Half-mile— Hercules won, Adnor second.
Saul of Tarsus third. Time. :48%.
Seven furlongs — Judge Voorhlea won. Dia
mante second. Veterano third. Time. 1:27U
One mile — Lou won. Invlctus second. Lone
Fisherman third. -Time. 1:41«4.
Five furlongs— Wllna won. Blondura second
Bicycle' third; Time, 1 : o i Vj . .
Five and a half furlongs— Hartle won. The
Miller second. Thisbe third. Time, liOSVi.
Winners at The Meadows:
SEATTLE, Aug. 11. — Guy Rogers, well
known as a quarter-horse rider on Butte
and Denver tracks, was fatally injured
at The Meadows to-day while riding
John H. Carr In the five-furlong race.
The horse got away among the last in
the break and in the mlxup which al
ways occurs in the fight for the rail Into
the turn Carr was bumped oft hts stride
ami went to his knees. He rolled over
and Rogers went underneath. The horse
almost immediately -regained his- feet,
but Rogers lay motionless where he fell.
Examination revealed that he was suf
fering from concussion of the brain. The
boy died en route to a hospital.
Tiogers first made his appearance as
a jockey about three years ago at Butte,
where he made considerable reputation
as a clever quarter-horse rider. Rogers*
parents reside in Nez Perces County,
Idaho. He was about 22 years old.
Guy Sogers, a Well-Known Rider, Is
Accidentally Killed in a Mix- _
Up at The Meadows.
FIGHT FOB THE BAIL
COSTS JOCKEY HIS LIFE
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Frank M, Give All,
Pronta.
Second race — Instructor, Floral
King, Buccaneer. .
Third race — Grand Opera, Bragg,
Jack Ratlin."
Fourth race— Indian H, Falella,
Lingo.
Fifth race— Dick Welles, A. D.
Gibson,' L'Etrenne.
Sixth race— Major Tenny, Barrica,
Compass.
HARLEII ! SELECTIONS.
Fourth "rac*-. short course steeplechase, han
dicap—Falella 145. Indian II 142. Lingo 138.
Senator Matts 135 Miss Brandon 132. De Blaise
130. John E. Owens 130. Mr. Rose 127. Oliver
Me. 127 Itacatlara 125. •
Fifth race six furlongs— Dick Welles 113.
L'Etrenne 104. Rag Tag 106. A. D. Gibson 103.
Sylvia Talbot 102. Paul Whaley 97. Headwater
07 Delagoa 95 Lendin 93 Ontonagon 93. Will
Shelley 93. Dr". O'Neill 93.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenths miles,
selling— Port Jarvis 109. Major Tenny 104. Peat
103. Compass 101, Learoyd 101. Tufta 101.
Kunja 99 Barrica 08. Barney Burk 96, Lou
Woods 90.' Kilmorie 91. Fullback 88.
CHICAGO Aug. 11.— Weather clear: track
fast. Entries :
First race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Give AH 111. Limelight 111. Captain Hamm
111. Charlie Grainger 109. James J. Corbett
109 Alum Water 100 Sea Pirate 1C9, Jack
Doyle 106, Max Bendlx IOC El Ghor 106. Frank
M 100 Rabunta 106. Mr. TImberlake 104. At
tila' 104. Marshalsea 104. Pronta 102.
Second race, six furlongs — Bill Nolan 96.
Floral King 96. Buccaneer 96. Instructor 96.
Coronet* Kelly 06. Toltec 96. Gus Quarles 96.
Alllsta 93 Tootsle Mack 93. Bill Walters 'M,
Malwells 93.
Third race, mile and 100 yards. Owners' han
dicap — Havlland 89. Jack Ratlin 89. Grand
Opera 77. Bragg 71.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Time, 1 :40 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Boots & Hollenbeck's b. c. by Brutus-
Leda. Mamselle 97. Galba 98. Florestan 92.
Kunja 100. Gracious 100, Give All 107, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
30 to 1 — The Ladaean. 108 (Bonner) 4 8 1 n
25 to 1— Frank Me. 105 (Hoffler).. 5 6 2 1
25 to 1— Aline Abbott. 105 (Adklns) 1 4 3 n
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. Bondy's b. c. by Tristan-Aqullon.
Bardotph 115. Pat Morrtssay 119. Never Fret
119. Christine A 110. Hickory Corners 112. Bay
Wonder 112. Wolfram 112. Martinmas 107. Hay
don 119, Kaulahka 105, Lute 117, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse.- Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin,
20 to 1 — Beautiful and Best. 110
(H. Phillips) 14 11
10 to 1— Floral Wreath. 110'(Blr
kenruth) .-...7 3 21
20 to 1— Eva's Darling, 117 (Wa
terbury) 10 7 3h
.FOURTH RACE— One mile and seventy
j*»rrls; purse:
Bettlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
7 to 5— Colonial Girl, 103 (Helgsn) 13 11
12 to 1 — Callant. 107 (Otis) S 5 2 n
7 to 2 — Walnamoinen, 103 (Bonnr> 2 1 3 n
Time, 1:44 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. F. Rowe's b. f. by Meddler-Spring
tide. Ancke 95, The Giver 113, Barca 100,
Springstcad 100, also ran. .
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 2— Bessie McCarthy, 96 (Bonr) 111 2>i
2 to 1— Bondage. 102 (Robblns) 2 2 2^
7 to 5— John McGurk, 10S (Woods). 3 3 3
Time, 2:08 2-5. Start good. Wen easily.
Winner. T. Klley & Co.'s b. f. by Chorlster-
Cltronella.
Time. 1:112-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Mllam & Co.'s ch. f. by Lor.g
flight-Maud L. Little Mission 110. Irene My
105, Gus Lanka 112, Rabunta 114, Morenda 107,
Snowdrift 110, Pirate 112, Angelo 112, The Rab
bit 112. Spec 112. John Powers 112, Galathee
122. First Past 122, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Miss Manners. 110 (Bonnr) 7 a 1 1
» to 0 — Ocean Dream. 105 (Pollak) 2 2 2 » 3
15 to 1— Lady Chariot. 110 (Philps) 4 13 2
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
BettlnK. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5 — J. W. O'Neill, 100 (Helgsn) 3 1 1 *-a
4 to 1— Banwell, 99 (Artklns) 1 S 24
40 to 1— Shaltan, 103 (Robblns) 5 2 3 1
Time. 1:013-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. E. Trotter's ch. g. by Peter McCue-
Fern. Eva Clair 107. Durbar 106, Ogawal 100,
Darro 104. Alamode 96, Alice Commoner 10:;,
Eli U2, Golden Boy 99. Cropple 07. Freckman
108, Francis Yowell 97. also ran.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— John McGurk. the
horse which won the Great Western
Handicap, defeating the mighty McChea
ney, seems to be a puzzle to the talent.
A favorite in the mila and a quarter
handicap at Harlem * to-day, with only
three starters, the Dunne gelding finished
last, where he remained from flagfall to
finish. Bessie McCarthy, formerly the
property of E. J. Arnold & Co., end now
owned by Tom Kiley & Co.. and which
could not get up a respectable perspira
tion yesterday, was. backed from S down
to 2. finally closing at 5 to 2, and proved
an easy winner. She had speed to loan
and raced head and head with Bondage
for a mile and an eighth. Then she drew
away and' won as she pleased by nearly
three lengths.
The track was fast to-day, the weather
clear and cool and the assurance that
betting would be conducted as usual
drew out the customary large crowd.
Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bessie McCarthy Recovers
Her Speed Overnight
and Wins. - •,
John McQurk Runs Last
in Handicap Field
of Three.
FORM REVERSALS
IN HARLEM RACE
JEFFRIES AND CORBETT CONTINUE TRAINING ON WIDELY DIFFERENT LINES
HILL-CLIMBING MATCH AT DEL MONTE
CONCLUDES AUTOMOBILE TOURNAMENT
J. B. Keenan Negotiates the Course in One-Fifth of a Second
Better Time Than F. A, Garbutt v Who Finishes Second—-Par
ticipants Turn TowardHome, Some Intent on Record-Breaking
THE SAN FRANCISCO \CAIiIi, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12. ,1903
Dress-suit case, fiber or canvas telescope
rrip we can please you in both quality
find price. Leather goods department,
fianbora, Veil & Co., 741 Market street. •
If You Need a Trunk,
CARTHAGE. Mo.. Aug. " 11. — Fifty prisoners
In the County -Jail mutinied at midnight and
made demand for better food. The lire depart
ment was called out and turned a stream of
water on the prisoners, who. after turning out
the lights in the corridors, hurled empty bot
tles at the firemen and jailers. < They were
finally eubdued. .
Owing to the serious Injuries sustained
by John Grace, the veteran coursing of
ficial, last Sunday at Union Park he will
be out of the saddle for some time. John
Grace Jr. •will take his place on Sunday.
He has judged in the past and has proved
a eucccss.
John Grace Jr. to Act as Judge.
'2:13 class, trotting, ' purse $1000 — Merry D
won two straight beats In 2:10%. 2:11%. Mon
roe, LIU Barf, Crescent, Pug,' Anna Held, Lady
Constantina, Allabrave, ¦ Tudor Chimes, : Guy
KttfUiaa and Julia Mason also started.
Westchester stakes, $2000, three-year-olds,
2:25 class; trotting — Ethel's Pride won the first
and third heats in 2:13, 2:15. Tireless won the
second heat in 2:10^. Mary Gage, Lord Rob
erts and Blossom also started. '"¦•¦ : : • .'..:„¦
The Bronx stake, purse $5000, 2:10 pacers —
Dr. Madera won the second and third heats in
2:08 I /4, 2:08.' Onato won the first heat ' In
2:07V4- Miss Wlllamont, Elastic Pointer,
Alice Mapes, Brown Heels and Jollsco ' also
started.
2:23 clfcss, pace, purae $2000— Al Bock won
two straight heats in 2:00%. 2:11. Ebony
King. Virginia, Fred H. Vi via and Ethel. Mac
also started. • . •;• .
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Threatening
weather kept the attendance down on
the second day of the Empire City. grand
circuit meeting. The track was fast and
speculation brisk. Summary:
Attendance at Empire City Meet.
Threatening weather Keeps Down
FEW ATTEND RACES.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aug. IL— For
the second day of the departmental in
fantry competition the weather was un
favorable, wind and rain interfering, but
BoodVcores were made. The following
mads the highest thirteen scores:
Serjeant Ofcar Fox. Twenty-fifth Infantrr,
ST»fl; Corporal J. Smith, Twentr-nrth Infantry,
:i53; Captain B. A. Doore. Sixth Infantry, 352;
Second Lieuunant K. T. Smith, Sixth Infantry.
:&0; Second Lieutenant Harry Graham, fTwen
ty-*econd Infantry. SttJ First Sergeane T. J.
McLane, Sixth Infantry. 328: Sergeaiif. Wll-
Ham • Tiim'-r, Twenty-fifth Infantry. 32H; Rer-
Kfant Hans Hanson. Mxth Infantry. .'G4; Ser
j.-' .<!.' A. L.. Young, Twenty-eecond Infantry.
:ZM; Color Sergeant A. -A. Auller, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry. -SIO; Tirft Lieutenant R. Shel
•Icn. Twcnty-wcond Infantry, 315; Musician B.
K. David, Sixth Infantry. 310; Lance Corporal
K. S. Eryant. T» enty-**cond Infantry. SOU.
Sergeant Fox of Twenty-Fifth Begi
ment Leads in Fort Leaven
worth Competition.
GOOD SCORES ARE MADE
BY INFANTRY TyrARTrRTvrFfs
George Hartlng. official timekeeper for
the Yosemite Athletic Club, visited Harry
Forbes* training quarters at Sheehan's
yesterday and weighed the little cham
pion. Forbes tipped the beam at 113%
pounds. Forbes and Neil agree to weigh
in Thursday afternoon at 116 pounds.
Forbes has cut out heavy exercise. He
takes Bhort sprints on the road and is
doing light gymnasium work. He will be
seconded to-morrow night by Billy Otts,
Jack Hertz, his manager, and Jack Han
ley. Forbes is confident be will retain
the championship. He says he was never
in better condition. He states he worked
out in Chicago with Harry Gilmore be
fore coming to the coast and the work he
has had at the Ocean Beach has put him
in magnificent condition.
Neil Is ready to enter the ring at a
minute's notice. For the past month he
has been training at Croll's under the
watchful eyes of Corbett. He is as hard
aa nails and as fast as any one would
desire. He has had good boxing while in
Alameda and has improved a lot. Frankle
expects to win and wants his friends to
have confidence in him. Nell is below the
weight limit. Danny Sullivan has been
boxing with Nell dally and both 1 lads
have benefited by the exchange v of
punches.
The preliminaries should be very Inter
esting. Jack Cordell and Jack Kane are
to go ten rounds and Danny Sullivan and
Fred Landers are to go the same dis
tance. Cordell is to make his professional
debut. He has been amateur champion
for some time. Kane fought a twenty
round draw with Young Corbett. Sullivan
is a produc't of the Olympic Club. Tommy
Ryan thinks he is a- comer. Landers is
the pride of North Beach,
j Eddio Graney will referee the main con
test. The sale of seata is large. The
little fellows will benefit by the presence
of hundreds of visiting sports.
Neil will have the benefit of the best of
seconds. In his corner will be Spider
Kelly. Tim McGrath, \Frank McDonald
and Australian Tim Murphy.
LITTLE BOXERS AT WEIGHT.
Neil and Forbes .Are Expected to Put
TJp Great Battle.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Aug. 11. — Weather clear; track
heavy. Entries :
First race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
flllien and geldings, two-year-olds — Testimony
110. Glad Tidings 110. Rob Roy 110. Gold Spot
110. Ancestor 110. Monochord 110 Gananogue
110. Ointment 110, Salada 110, Naughty Lady
110. Hippocrates 110. Resentment 110.
Second race, short course steeplechase, gen
tlemen riders, four-year-olds and upward, han
dicap — Self Protection 170 Rowdy ICo. Tank
ard l(tf. Draughtsman 147. Caller 145. Ten Be
low Zero 142.
Third race, one mile three-year-olds and up
ward, selling — Anklet 06 Carroll D 101. Ella
Snyder 80. Stroller 101. Choate 106. John Bar
leycorn 101, Conundrum 113, Embarrassment
103. Dark Planet 102. Star and Garter 88,
Sparkle Esher 80. Slldell IOC Bob Hilllard 03,
Duelist 101.
Fourth race, the $10,000 United States Hotel
stakes, two-year-olds, five and a half furlongs
— Crown Prince 110, Rapid Water 117 Moharlb
110. Conqueror 125. Bobadll 117 Montreaon 117
Ormonde's Right 125, liigh Ball 117 Dimple
107.. Stalwart 117. Reliance 110. Fly Wing 107.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
for all ages, handicap— Rostand 112 Cir
cus 110. Lord Badge 108. Gold Bell 102 Faul
conbridge 05.
• Sixth race, six furlongs, for mares, three
year-olds and upward, selling — Gloriosa 104,
Anklet 94. Blserto 1C8, Cottage Maid 100 Cale
donlte 1C4. Lady Radnor 108 Irene Lindsey
108. Ella Snyder 80. Blue Banner 04.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS. N
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Glad Tidings, Ances
tor, Salada.
Second race—Tankard, Draughts
man, Self Protection.
Third race — Sparkle Esher, Duel
ist, Anklet. ,
; Fourth race — Stalwart, Rapid
Water, Conjurer.
Fifth race — Lord Badge, Faulcon
bridge, Rostand. ,..;,. >
Sixth, race — Irene Lindsey, Blue
Banner, Gloriosa.
TIME LIMIT-: SAVES THE
GENTLEMEN OP SCOTLAND
Philadelphians Fail to Win Edin
burgh Match, but Draw Is
in'TTheir Favor.
EDINBURGH, Aug. 11.— The cricket
match between the Fhiladelphian eleven
and the gentlemen from Scotland, which
began here yesterday, when the Phlladel
phians made 302 runs *In their first in
nings, was continued to-day. The Scot
tish; team on 'going in to bat, this morn
ing made a 'soor showmg against . the
splendid bowling and fielding of the Phil
adelphians. jVAt luncheon time, they had
lost five j of 'their wickets ' for the paltry
total of 36; runs." The. Scotsmen were" all
out in their first innings "for 145 runs.
.'}¦ The .- home ¦' eleven, being thus 157 runs
behind, had to follow on, but the visitors,
contrary to expectations, 1 were unable to
inflict a single ¦ innings ' defeat, as the
Scotsmen remained at' the wicketa until
the close of. the play, when .the match
was declared drawn on account of the
time Hmit:fj£BfplS£0Hgtett^^M|
. In their second innings the Scots scored
S3 " runs ' for " three wickets-
Banner Day for the Wealthy Turfman's Racing Stable
at the New ¦ York Track.
110,- Stonewall 110. The Dancer 107. Russell
Garth 11", also ran.
Special IDispatch to The Call
SARATOGA, Aug. 11.— James R. Keene's
racers won three events here to-day over
a track that was very heavy.
The chief race of the day was the
Delaware handicap, worth $2485 to the
winner, for which' there were five start
era. The weights were so allotted that
all five were at comparatively short
prices.
Almost from the Btart, Gimcrack had
complete control. His action was free,
and, attended by Highlander and Gay
Boy, he drew away from Sheriff Bell
and Hunter Raine. In" the last quarter,
however, Odom's perseverance had its
reward, and though Hunter Ralne's
stride was short and croppy, as com
pared with his action on a dry track,
he gamely followed Gimcrack and forced
Gannon to the whip to land Keene's colt
first home. In a few more strides Hun
ter Raine would have won beyond doubt.
In the first race the California filly, Ada
Nay, showed that her -winning of the
Travers on Saturday was no fluke, by
beating a field of. fast ones. Summary:
. FIRST RACE— Handicap; all Bges; six fur-
Beufng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Ada Nay, 113 (Fuller) 2 3 1 |«
Even— Yardarm, 112 (Odom). 1 .4 - 4
20 to 1— Futurlta, 104 (Cannon) .... 4 2 32
Time, • 1 :18 2-5. Start good. Jon. driving.
Winner. J. B. Haggln's ch. f. by Maxio-Nay
ada. Savable 126, Lass o' Linden 100, also
ran. -
SECOND RACE— Purse;, two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs: .. _. ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. 3oc^ty. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— Jim Kelly. 110 (BuUnjan). . 1113
00 to 1-Gay I^thario. 104 (Michls). 2 3 2 2
4 to 5— Adbell. 104 (O'Neill) .3 2 83
Time.- 1:12.. Start bad. Won. eased_up. W n
r\*r v A TnnpH* b c by Dr. McBrlde-Ala
btlnaf' S^veV SHpper 10lf Winlfreda 101. also
ran. . ¦ -. "
THIRD RACE— Selling; one and a sixteenth
BetUng° n Horn'. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.'
18 to 10— Blrchbrown, 103 (Gannon) .8 1 In
7 to, 1— Flora, 101 (Creamer)..... 2 a 2 1
13 to 5— Nevermore, 105 (Burns) ..5 2 3^
Time. 1 :52 4-5. Start fair. Won . drlv ng.
Winner, J.\ R. Keene's b. f- o by Ben Brush-
Maid of Dorset. Peninsula 98, St. Sever 10J,
Scoffer 100, alto ran. "
FOURTH RACI2 — Delaware handicap: three
year-olds and upward; one mile: . ._
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Gimcrack, 102 (Gannon).... 2 1 1%
5 to 1— Hunter Raine, 111 (Odom).. 0 5 2 Vi
2 to 1— Highlander, 111 (O'Neill)... r 3 2 3 2
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. R. Keene'B ch. o. by Ornament-
Joppa. Gay Boy 110, Sheriff Bell 08, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs: • - ' _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %.fln.
8 to 1— The , Buck. 107 (Hicks) 6:1; 12
1 6. to 1— Redman, 104 (Creamer).... 1-2 ,2 2
8 to 1— Excentral. 104 (Wedderstd) 7 8; 33
'Time, 1:12 2-5. Start poor. Won easily. :SV in
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s ch. c. by Halma- Token.
LongBpur-H2,i Shortcake 109, -Lowcut .109,
StlvermeadeUOO, Briery" 1<». V* e _. Globe 109>
Red Light- 109, Sir Walt 104, Lady, Ananias
109, Russell Sage 112, also ran. ,"-¦/.-
.SIXTH RACE-^Purse; maidens; one mile:
Betting. Horse." Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. '
Even— Tarn O'Shantr. 107 (Gnnon) 4 114
6 to 1— Albany Girl. 106 (Fuller) . . 8 6 2 3
B0 to 1— Pass Book. 107 (Larson).. 1 3-3 2
Time. 1:47. Start eood. "Won easlly.^Winner,
J. R. Keene's b. g. by Kingston-Ben My Chree.
Dorset 107. Nun 105, ¦ Beverly 107. Pan Lous in
Heavy Batters From the South Fail
to Hit Thomas.
SACRAMENTO. A.uk. 11. —The heavy bat
tors of the Los An^el«s team w^re unable to
connect ulth Pitch*r Thomas" <2c!i\-ery in this
afternoon's game. Tnr resu't was they were
ehut out. In reality it should have been a
tvro-hlt game, Hoy and Dillon driving clean
hits through the pitrtifr, but Townpend, after
making a Fupfrb stop of Smith's drive, fum
bled It until the Utter reached flrrt. For six
innings it xc&f a pitchers' battle between
Thomas and Hall, vitb no advantage on either
plde. In the i«*venth a hit by Ecan and an
error by Vrhwlir allowed a runner to score.
and in the ninth thr** more rune crossed the
home plate. Score:
IL II. E.
Sacramento 0 000001 0 3— 4 10 <t
Loe Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 U— 0 3 2
Batteries — Thomas and Graham; Hall and
Spies. Umpire — Henry Uevlne.
SEATTLE. Aug. 11. — Both teams did eome
hard slugging to-day, but Portland hit harder
and with better luck, knocking two. pitchers
out of the box. The visitors made 21 hits with
a total of 33 bases; Seattle 1« hits for a total
of 20 bases, iicore:
Portland 0 GOO 7 63 2 0 — 18* 21 8
Seattle 4 10 2 0 0 2 0 1 — 10 16 3
Batteries— McFarland and Vigneaux; Car
rick. Semple, Ward and lioettlger. Umpire—
Levy.
ANGELS ARE BLANKED.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BORTOX. Aug. 11. — Waddell was wild at
the Btart to-day and not particularly effective
and the home team easily defeated the vis
itors. Hughes' pitching rivaled bis support.
Attendance, 10.000. Score: ;
R. H. E.
Boston 6 10 2
Philadelphia 1 1 S
Batteries — Hughes and CrJger; Waddell and
Schreck.
NEW YORK. Auk. 11.— The sixth and last
game between Washington and New York re
sulted in another victory for the home club.
It waa the poorest exhibition of them all,
only relieved by terrific hitting on the part
of New York. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. IL E.
New York .' 1U 19' 3
Washington 2 4 r-5
Batteries— Howell and Beville: Townserid
and Drill.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 11. — In the seventh
inninur Owen hit Bemis in the held with a
pitched ball. He f ol!owed this up by giving
<?oe hnaiK-r a base on balls and making a wild
throw on Joss' bunt. Bays', three-bagger then
drove in three runs and won the came for
Cleveland. Attendance. 2500. Score:
, :¦-;»-. :'¦¦• - B. H.« E.
Cleveland 4 7 0
Chicago 2 10 . ' O
Batteries — Joes, Bemis and Abbott; Owen
and Slattery.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. Augr. 11.— In the flnal ran*
of the series to-day the local team beat New
York by a score of 2 to 1. It was a pitchers'
battle. The fielding on both side* was sharp
and errorless. Attendance, 2000.,' Score:
*R. II. E.
New York 14 0
Brooklyn 2 6 0
Batteries — McGlnnlty and Warner; Garvln
and Kltter. Umpire— Hurst.
Home Diamond Over Phil
adelphia.
WADDELL PITCHES WILDLY
AND WITHOUT MUCH EFFECT
Boston Has an Easy Victory on the
THREE PURSES FOR KEENE
IN THE SARATOGA EVENTS
Fitz was sounding the praises of Jef
fries, while Webster was shouting for
Corbett and incidentally thinking of the
great advertisement the discussion would
prove if spread broadcast. Webster was
once the partner of William A. "After
Dark" Brady." from whom he learned the
art of advertising. The outcome of it was
that Fitz placed his signature to a check
calling for $10,000, while Webster signed
one for $8000. The beauty of the transac
tion is that at the prevailing odds Web
ster should receive $10,000 for his $S000.
Luke Kelly was made stakeholder. He
will return the precious bits of paper to
day to the men whose autographs appear
upon them. The incident will then be
closed.
Bob Fitzsimmons and George P. Web
ster, the actor, met In Corbett's yesterday
and bet stage money on the outcomo of
the Jeffries-Corbett fight with the liberal
ity of a Pierpont Morgan or a Rockefel
ler. ;
He and George "After Dark" Webster
Indulge in Argument Over Fight.
riTZ BETS STAGE MONET.
MEMBERS OF THE AUTOMOBILE CLUB OF CALIFORNIA WHO PAR
TICIPATED IN THE BIG GATHERING AT HOTEL DEL MONTE
EITHER AS SPECTATORS OR AS COMPETITORS IN THE RACES.
R. H. E.
Spokane 0 0 0 2 10 2 0 0 0—6 10 2
.Helena 2 11OO1OOO 1 — « 12 4
BatteriM— LHbhardt and Hanson; Puttmann
and Carrisch. Umpire — Warner.
SEATTLE. Aup. 11. — Dennii McCarthy vraa
slaughtered in the la?t three innings after
T>itchinG pood ball up to that time. He was
released after the game. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0—2 » S
lx* Angelea U 0 10 0 14 4 2—12 13 1
Batteries — McCarthy and Hurley; Strickiett
end Hlidebrand. Umpire — Caruthers.
SALT LAk5, Aug. 11. — Butte could do noth
injr with Wisps' pitching this aTternoo.i, the
latter .holding down the heavy hitters to three
Fcattered hits. Roach received poor support
from his team mates. Score:
R. H. E.
Fa'.t Lake 4 000000 1 3 — S M 2
uutte ooooooooo — o a j>
Batteries — WIees E nd Shea; Roach and
Henry. •
and Byere.
SPOKANE. Aug. 11. — Puttmann won from
I_«>ibharc5t in a ten-inning pitchers' battle this
afternoon. The fielding of both teams was
rapsed. Puttmann helpM to win his own
parne by scoring a home run. Attendance, S00.
Two cf Its Pitchers Are Used in In
field Positions.
TACOMA. Auc 11.— With a crippled team,
necessitating the use of two pitchers in the
tn5el<l. fc'an Franeiec-o won a rloee. fast game
Troia the Ticers to-day. St. Vraln's poor
throw to eecond in fielding a bunt was respon
sible lor the visitor**" first run. meter's two
haj;ffer and Mars-hall's eingle scored the other.
*°°~ : R. H. E.
Fan Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1— 2 8 1
Tacoma OOO1OO0O0 — 1 7 2
Batteries— Pfie.ner aad Zearfof?; St. Vrain
SAN FRANCISCO TEAM WINS.
The automobllists began to leave Del
Monte this afternoon, one of the first
to go being Dr. D. A. "Stapler, with his
wife, children and a nurse. They will
probably spend the night at San Jose
and go on to San Francisco to-morrow.
Some of the machines will be sent back
by freight train. A Peerless, stripped
of its tonneau, will start at 8:35 to-mor
row morning to run through to Oakland
for a record. It is expected to beat the
record of Cuyler Lee and O. D. McNabb,
made on Sunday in a Cadillac, of 6 hours
5 minutes.
military reservation hill, start
ing on the level at the bis bend of the
road to New Monterey, almost exactly
below the statue of Junipero Serra.
The conditions were that aVKtouring
machines must carry not less than 300
pounds, including the weight of the
chauffeur, and that all runabouts must
carry not less than 150 pounds, includ
ing the weight of the chauffeur.
The event was watched by many of the
guests of the hotel and military officers
from the post. The distance was about
1000 yards and the grade was estimated
at 10 per cent. J. B. Keenan, operating
a Toledo car. won in 2:00 2-5; F. A.
Garbutt, in a White touring car, was
second, in 2:0G 3-5; Walter Grothe. in a
White Stanhope, was third, in 2:12 4-6;
Bert Saunders, in a Peerless, fourth. In
2:16 2-5, and C. C. Eib, in a Stevens
Duryea. last, in 2:28 15. The winner
takes the silver trophy offered by E.
Courtney Ford, vice president of the.
Automobile Club. The second man won
a trophy presented by L. P. Lowe.
The following officials were in charge
of the event: Starter, Ellis Parrlsh;
timers, L. P. Lowe and >?. T. Messer Jr.;
judges — R. P. Schwerin, W. G. Irwin and
S. G. Buckbee.
•i 1 ;
EL MONTE, Aug. 11.— The last
event of the automobile tourna
ment took place to-day. It was
the hill-climbing contest on the
After a jog down to Middletown and
back this morning Jeff took a plunge
in the springs bathing tank, after which
he was rubbed down and felt as frisky as
a two-year-old. If supreme confidence
counts for anything, then Jim Corbett has
p. hard contract on his hands. Jeffries
may attend the Forbes-Neil contest
Thursday night.
F. E. MULHOLLAXD.
land. The party will leave in a four-horse
conveyance with Lon Kelly of the stage
line handling the reins. Luncheon will be
had at the Toll House on the summit,
reaching Calistoga just in time to catch
the train.
The champion did just enough gym
nasium work to-day to keep him on
edge, for, as he puts it, he never felt bet
ter nor stronger in his life, tipping the
stales at 225 pounds. On Wednesday
morning Jeff, his trainers. Manager De
laney and Jim Hayes will Ftart for Oak-
year-old buck. It was a ball from the 25
ls rifle of Jeff that broke the young buck,
after Hayes and Sid McKinley, a neigh
boring rancher who joined the party, had
failed to lodge a bullet in a vital spot.
The houncs jumped a big buck, according
to the story cf the hunters, but the
traity old fellow kept to the brush and
escaped. The slain deer will be shipped
to-morrow to Oakland, where it will be
<n exhibition at the establishment of
John Marrovich.
Shortly after 4 o'clock Jeff, astride a red
mule and Hayes with a mount on a white
one. picked up their rifles and started
for the hills. Before leaving Jeff was
Told that unless they returned with some
gamp it would be considered an unlucky
<<men, and his friends here 6aid " they
would "copper" him and bet on CorbetC
About 8 o'clock the two dust-coverea hun
ters got back to cjftnp. The champion's
countenance was wreathed in smiles, for
tied to the saddle behind him was a two-
sworn the eport a week ago
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. lL-Histori
ans have been prone to write that "un
rasy lies the head that wears a crown."
This was never intended to apply to
James J. Jeffries. the\ world's champion
pugilist. With the bis fight now but a
question of hours, Jeff went deer hunting
again on Monday in company with Pro
prietor Jim. Hayes, after having for-
In the opinion of experts the battle has
resolved itself down to a question of vi
tality. If Corbett has built up his vital
ity in the same proportion he has built
up his muscles he will have an excellent
chance of winning. If his vitality begins
to ebb during the twenty-four hours be
fore the battle through nervousness, as
some profess to believe it wiH| there can
be but one outcome— Jeffries will retain
the championship.
Corbetfs confidence in his ability to
defeat Jeffries cannot be shaken. He ex
pressed the opinion yesterday that on
public form he should be a 1 to 2 choice
over Jeffries instead of as at present,
with the odds on Jeffries.
James J. Corbetfs long season of train
ing: with the purpose of retraining the
heavy-weight championship Is practically
at an end. No one who has observed
the clever big boxer during the time he
has been fitting himself physically to re
cover his lost laurels can say that Cor
bett has neglected anything or that he
did not go through his bodily exercising
with regularity and a remarkable deter
mination. That the actor-fighter is earn
est and honest in his ambition to down
Jeffries none will doubt. Long before
Corbett betook himself to Croll's Gar
dens, Alameda. three months ago he had
been preparing himself for the fight of
his career Friday night. The ex-cham
pion is satisfied with his condition. His
trainers and friends assert that nothing
more can be done to perfect Corbett for
the encounter now near at hand. If he
cannot win now he never can. All that
Is left for Jim and his conditioners to
do is to look happy and wait for the
gong that will sound the attack. This
they are doing and they feel they are
justified, fo rosy do tney consider the
prospects of seeing a two-time holder of
the ring championship Friday night.
Corbrtt indulged in only the lightest of
work yesterday. He went through six
rounds of shadow sparring with Sam Ber
ger and as many rounds of rasy give
and take with Yank Kenny. Then Jim
went after the small punching bag and
mauled Jt for six rounds more. Baseball
afforded diversion for Corbett during the
afternoon. A short stroll in the evening
rounded out the labors of the day. East
ern friends of the former champion are
arriving here dally and all or them ex
press their surprise at what they con
sider the splendid condition of the con
queror of John L-. Sullivan. Denny Kelle
her. a Fporting man of Boston and an
onthusiastlc admirer of the California
fighter, visited Jim at Croll's Gardens
yesterday, as did also several newspaper
men from Bridgeport, Conn.
When Corbett shakes hands with Jef
fries Friday night he will have behind
him as his adviser in chief the wily mid
dle-weight champion of the world. Tommy
Ryan. Corbetfs other seconds will be
his faithful trainer. Professor Tommy
Dare; Tom Corbett. Sam Berger and
Yank Kenny. All of these men are with
Corbett at his Alameda camp and are
thoroughly familiar with every weak and
strong point of the ex-champion. They
know Corbett almost as ¦well as he knows
himself, and It is unlikely they will over
look-anything Friday night that might
tend to turn the tide of battle in Jim's
direction.
Sports From the Far East
Visit Him at Alameda
Returns to Camp With a Fine
Two-Year-Old Buck as a
Trophy.
Merely Does Sufficient
Work to Keep His
Muscles Right. j
Cannot Resist Tempta
tton of a Deer
Hunt.
JEFFRIES TAKES
TO THE HILLS
CORBETT RESTS
FROM TRAINING
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS..
MILWAUKEE.
JUS Watch for the
flf * triangular label on
g|ft|| the bottle. It
iwi! stanc * s **° r un i~
[tZz^jm formity and all
that's good and
pure in beer.
Always the same good old Blatz. I
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Go.; inc.
5 and 7 DRUMM S T.^San Francisco, f
Tel. Main 1648. Wholesale Dealers.
®Vim. Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL9
nave been la us* ovtr nfty
years by the leadaxa ot tb«
Mormon Church and thetf
followers. Pomitlvaly car* tn»
wormt case, la old and Voun*
arising iron* «CkU of mU*
abuse, dissipation, excesses of
cigarette* sine kins. Car* u>«
Manhood. Impotency, Lom
ni*. Pain. In bELTetu
Nervous Debility. Headache. Uilnti£J? to M^
ry. Loas of Semen. f^> gr^ Varteoe«l« or Con-
¦UpaUon. Stop Ner O KJ vous Twltchlas ot
Eyelids. Bffects are £Z JtTLtmmedlate. Impart
vigor and potency c Efl T » to .very function.
Don t get despondent, a cure is at hand. R»«
¦tor* tmall. undeveloped oncana. StlmuUti
the bmla and nerve c«nters; JWc a box; • fo»
%2 50 by mall a written euaraate* to cure o»
taoney refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars frea.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kill* St..HELENA. Mont.. Aug. II.— Cbarle* H. Snell.
ased 76 fears, one of Montana's oldest pioneers,
was found dead tn his bed at his residence to
day. '
VALLEJO. Aug. 11— Commandant Mc-
Calla. noticing that the workmen on the
navy yard issue ! forth from the ! work
shops at the first tap of the stop work bell,
estimates that the cost to the Government
on the part of the workmen preparing
for such an immediate exodus must be
considerable. He makes in a general no
tice published to-day an appeal to the
pride and the interests of the workmen
directing that work be continued / up to
the expiration of the hours of labor. The
commandant evidently means business. .
Cut Short Their Work Hours.
WELLINGTON, N. Z.. Aug. 11.— The
budget presented to Parliament an
nounces that it Is proposed to place a
•substantial duty on certain articles of
foreign manufacture in order to let Great
Britain respond If she thinks fit to do
CO.
Tariff for New Zealand.
• The leader of the party U a colored
minister In Tacoma, the ~ pastor of the
Olivet Baptist Church. His party consists
of negroes gathered in Louisiana. All of
them profess to be farmers and say that
their object in going to the Pacific North
west ts to take up land.
ST. PAUL, Aug. 11.— Rev* J. F. David
son of Tacoma is settling the negro prob
lem in a practical way by organizing the
colonization movement among the negroes
of the South. He passed through St.
Paul to-day with a party of 'twenty-five
colored people, all of whom will take up
lands in Washington State. This is the
vanguard, Davidson says, of a consider
able movement of colored people from the
Southern cities to the farming lands of
the West. = .-77^^
ESTABLISHING NEGRO
COLONY IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Louisa Belle
Colver died yesterday In Denver of
heart failure. She was a well known ar
tist and an exhibitor at the National
Academy for many years. She was a
great grandniece of Roger Sherman, who
wrote the Declaration of Independence
with Thomas Jefferson. She also was a
great granddaughter of the Rev. Ezra
Stiles, who was president of Yale Col
lege during the revolution, and a great
granddaughter of the Rev. Joseph Bel
lamy, at whose divinity school In Rich
field, Conn., Henry Ward Beecher's
father and Aaron Burr, were educated
for the ministry.
Death of a Noted Artist.
Edward J. Heiroquist, a member of the
Journeyman Tailors' Protective and
Benevolent Union, applied to the Superior
Court ye5terday. for an injunction re
straining the members of the. union from
expelling him. He says they threaten to
do so, contrary to the rules of the union—
that is without first preferring written
< hargres against him and serving him with
a copy thereof. An order directing the of
ficers of the union to appear before Judge
Beaw«3 FrMar,- August 21. and show
cause why Helmquist's prayer should not
he granted was issued by Judge Kerrigan,
acting presiding Judge.
Helznqui^t Fears Expulsion.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— Firms here have
received mail advices from Kleff, Russia,
dated last Saturday, which say that the
strUers have completely paralyzed bus
iness and will not allow finished machin
ery to be delivered from manufactories.
The men turned Rirls out of dressmak
ing and other workshops, under threat
of death. The streets are fujl of soldiers,
according to these advices, and shooting
occurs dally. The price of bread haa
risen 150 per cent and is still going up.
The troops are manning the waterworks.
Shooting Affrays Are of Daily Oc
currence on the Streets
of Kieff. ,
SOLDIERS AND STRIKERS
> in" frequent clashes
HONOLULU, Aug 11.— George A. Davis,
one of the attorneys who was disbarred
by the Supreme Court yesterday for un
professional conduct* in the Sumner case.
sailed for San Francisco to-day on the
steamer Sierra. Davis said that he would
appeal to the United States Supreme
Court from the decision of the Supreme
Court of Hawaii.
cult question. One of the difficulties which the
employers of labor *re likely to encounter
arises from the fact that, the bulk of the popu
lation, Is composed of persons who either culti
vate Independently their small holdings or are
attached to other persona in a traditional rela
tion not greatly unlike that of feudal depend
ents The part of the population that la
neither in the position of individual cultivators
nor attached to any household or estate is
small and consequently the number of labor
ers actually available Is limited. Persons who
have been accustomed to gain their living in a
certain way cannot be expected to abandon
their ancient habits Immediately on tha ap
nearance of a person or company asking for
their labor. Those who respond to the new de
mand at once are only a part of the supply
of labor which the community In question may
furnish when It shall have adjusted Itself to
the new conditions. It will therefore be Impos
sible to know the labor capabilities of the Phll
'lDDine Islands till they shall have acquired
more of the characteristics of th« Industrial
communities of Europe and America. It may
be safely affirmed that without the admirsion
of laborers from some souice the- supply of
labor will be short for the next fifty years at
least From whatever source the needed . la
borer's come they ought to fulfill certain con
ditions. They ought to be able to thrive In the
tropics; they ought to have the strength and
skill necessary to meet the demands of a so
ciety where much of the heavy work remains
to be done; and they ought to be capable of
an advantageous amalgamation with the pres
ent Inhabitants of the Islands. Immigration
from India or Java Is not only out of the ques
tion but. If possible, would be undesirable. In
fact' there ts no oriental people It would be
more advantageous to admit to the Philippine
Islands than the Chinese. The qualities of
these two peoples are such as to suggest a su
perior product as a result of their union. The
Filipino likes to be well dressed; the Chinaman
la better pleased with a cash surplus on de
nostt The Filipino wishes a position Involving
little* work. aJ«l he is somewhat Indifferent
about the amount of pay. i The Chinaman
wishes & position Involving much pay, and he
Is somewhat Indifferent about the severity of
the work. Persons who unite In themselves
Filipino and Chinese blood display a remarka
ble combination of qualities. They have the
Filipino's respect for good form end the Chi
naman's marvelous energy and business sa
saclty. They count themselves as Filipinos,
and lay aside all peculiarities of dress or man
ner that • would recall the Chinese factor in
their origin. Tney are FIHplnoa with more
than ' the ordinary Filipino ability. If the
Philippine Islands are to be open to immigra
tion from : any source, a certain Immigration
from China, would, probably be more likely to
bring Immediate oronptrlty and be followed bv
greater permanent, advantages than that which
mJjht be bad from any other source. \ ¦
Disbarred Attorney Will Appeal.
HONOLULU, Aug. 5.— Collector of the
Port E. R. Stackable to-day received the
following cablegram:
WASHINGTON. Auk. 4. 1903— Customs. Hon
olulu: Until further notice pending investiga
tion by dertartment. susDend examinations of
all bSKKagp or other goods at your port, except
such is actually put ashore.
ARMSTRONG, Acting Secretary.
This means a return to the old way of
examining baggage of through passen
gers from the Orient or the colonies at
San Francisco Instead of here.
Through Baggage Will No Longer
Be Searched at the Port of
Honolulu.
PROTESTS OF PASSENGERS
CAUSE WASHINGTON TO ACT
and were pleased with the magnificent
orchestra which School has collected for
his appearance here.
S«-ats for Fritz ScheeTa symphony con
rert to be given next Friday are already
coing fact and indications are that the
• irand Opera-house will be packed to the
uppermost gallery when the popular di
rector makos his reappearance in San
Francisco. TeMerday the first rehearsal
was held at the opora-house and it proved
to be a veritable informal reception for
the popular wiflder of the baton. Many
of the musi'' lovers of the city attended
Scheel Promises Treat.
MARSHALLTOWN. Iowa. Aug. 11.—
The 7-year,old daughter of A. I. Macon,
a prominent farmer of North Hudson,
was assaulted to-day by one of a party
of horse traders who were camping near
her home. The child will die. A large
mob is in pursuit of her assailant, who
will be lynched if captured.
Mob Pursues Child's Assailant.
English Is Better-
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— The condition o«
William D. English to-night is a little
better. The change is not particularly
noticeable, but in a case so serious any
improvement is an encouragement.
BLACfCFOOT. Idaho. Aug. 11.— "Bob"
Meeks, a notorious criminal and member
of the "Hole in the Wall" gang, serving a
sentence of thirty-five years for bank rob
bery at Montpeller. Idaho, and who was
recently transferred to the Insane asylum
at this place, escaped from that Institu
tion night before last and has so far elud
ed the officers. He Is supposed to be head
ing directly for the old rendeavous. and,
it Is believed, is being helped by his for
mer associates.
Notorious Outlaw Regains Liberty.
PANAMA, Aug. 11.— The latest news
from Bogota Is not favorable to the rati
fication of the canal treaty. A correspond
ent writes that seven Senators favor and
seventeen oppose ratification, and that
unless some radical change occurs soon ail
efforts to secure its ratification will fail.
The friends of the canal hope that ex-
President Caro, one of the leaders of the
opposition to the Government and an op
ponent of the treaty, may again drag the
question into politics in the belief that
such a move would eventually compel the
Senate, when the vote is reported, to di
vide on the lines of support or opposition
to the Government.
Senator Perez ,y Soto, an enemy of the
treaty, who in June viciously attacked
Minister Herran for having negotiated it,
has published in his paper, the Constitu
tional, a bitter arraignment of the Pan
ama" people who favor the treaty.
Seven Colombian Senators For and
Seventeen Against Its
Ratification.
CANAL TREATY'S 'CHANCES
ARE CONSIDERED REMOTE
LONDON. Aug. 11.— Arnold White, the
author, was fined $500 by the High Court
to-day for contempt of court in having
written an article in a Sunday newspa
per just before the arrival in England
from New York of Whitaker Wright, the
director of the London and Globe Finance
Corporation, who is awaiting trial on
charges in connection with the failure
of that concern, calculated to prejudice
the trial, and with the object of prevent
ing the granting of bail. The editor and
manager of the newspaper apologized for
the publication of the article and were
mulcted in the costs of the hearing. Ar
nold White refused to pay the fine and
was taken to the Brixton jail, from which?
Wright has just been' released.
Offends by Article on Whitaker
Wright and Is Imprisoned on
Refusal to Pay.
AENOLD WHITE IS FINED
$500 BY ENGLISH JUDGE
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Aug. 11.—
Practically all the mines In this district
except those operated by the Woods In
vestment Company are closed in conse
quenco of the union miners* strike, which
began yesterday. The number of miners
on strike is estimated at 2700. Hundreds
of miners are leaving the camp for other
localities.
Cripple Creek Mines Shut Down.
LONDON. Aug. 11.— The Appeals Court
to-day by a majority of two to om», re
versed' the decision of Justice Blgham,
who on August e, 1902. in a case where
the Welsh coal owners' association sued
the miners' federation for $300,000 dam
ages for ordering stop days without con
sulting the owners, decided in favor of
the defendants on the ground that there
was no malice in the action of the men.
who believed that a reduction of the out
put would benefit both parties.
Welsh Miners Lose on Appeal.
Kosrnhfim ai?o raid that the assignee
m-ill continue the business and h<» ex
prcts that all creditors will be paid in
full.
Speaking of the assignment. Samuel
Rosenhelm. attorney, said that the lia
bilities were about $20,000 and assets
about $35,<vio. and the indebtedness was
principally owlr.gr to local creditors.
Rosenhelm attributes the failure to in
sufficiency of capital to handle the busi
nops. Th<- firm, he said, had hardly been
fFtabllPherl a ypar. The principal credi
tor, said Rop*>nh«Mm. was the City and
Ootmty Bank for ?10,000. which, he said,
was secured.
The Ely Stern Company, dealers in
Jewelry, crockery and other goods, doing
business at S40 and 767 Market street and
127 Stockton street, yesterday made an
assignment to Reuben Cohen for the ben
efit of their creditors.
JEWELRY FIB.M IN
HANDS OF ASSIGNEE
Eli Stern Company's Liabilities Said
to Be $20,000 and As
sets $35,000.
Chief Wittman is In receipt of a tele
gram from Superintendent O'Neil of tha
Chicago department to the effect that F.
Goldman, the young traveling salesman
who was taken into custody Sunday and
detained in the City Prison, is wanted for
forgery. Goldman will be held pending
the arrival of an officer. He maintains
that he is not wanted there on any
charge and denies knowledge of the for
gery mentioned in the dispatch.
Goldman "Wanted in Chicago.
The question: of labor In the Philippines ap
pears to be an unsettled problem. Whether
there 1st prospect or not of a favorable so
lution without Chinese Immigration la a dilfl-
QUESTION OF LABOR.
• Besides the teaching of English the- main
Immediate purpose of the, public Instruction
In the islands Is to educate and train Filipino
teachers so that they may be fitted to carry
on the work begun by the-Amerlean teacher
To thla end normal schools have been estab
lished In various cities. The various provis
ions for preparing Filipino teachers were made
with the understanding that the work of prim
ary instruction must ultimately be carried on
by them, and thus after Instruction In Eng-'
llsh. the most pressing requirement of the
•ystem is that It should furnish Filipino teach
er* competent to do th« work demanded of.
them. This plan was not Inconsistent with'
the project to- take a "large' number of Ameri
can teachers to the islands. " These teachers
wer* needed In order that the system mlirht
be practically established and the plan car
ried out. Without them there might have been
an organization provided by law, but It 'would
not have been given effective force. Manning
the primary schools" with Filipino teachers
will, in the course of time, leave the Ameri
can teachers to be employed In the high and
normal schools, where their services to o
considerable extent are already needed and
where their engagement will come as a reward
for proved efficiency and devotion to work in
the beginning years.
Tho most general description that can be
given of the form of the organization of pub
lic instruction U that the province* ar« made
school divisions and that these divisions are
federated with very large powers in the cen
tral authority, provision being made for night
schools, normal schools, and various schools
for special Instruction. The details for this
organization ar« contained In a law which I
formulated and, which was adopted by. tho
commission last I October. The existing law
makes the system of schools a bureau of edu
cation under tho Secretary of Public Instruc
tion In whom rests the final administrative
authority. Under him Is a general superintend
ent of education, and in each division there
is a division superintendent.
There are various practical advantages that
will accrue to the people of the Philippine
Islands from ability to use the English lan
guage. It will supply a common medium of
communication where no such medium now ex
ists. The possession of a common speech will
tend to remove district antagonlcra and break
up the prevailing provincial narrowness and
Jealousy. <A second advantage Is that it will
make possible a political regime of a popular
character, involving and Interesting the In
habitants of all parts of the Island. A third
advantage Is that this knowledge will enable
the Inhabitants of the Islands to read Ameri
can books and periodicals, and thus grad
ually become Informed of the character of
American institutions.
ENGLISH BEING TAUGHT.
After »be Filipinos had become convinced
that tha established relations between the
Philippine Islands and the United States were
to be maintained, they manifested a strong
desire to learn tho English language, and the
authorities saw no reason for refusing to Krat
ify this popular desire. On the. contrary thev
believed that to meet this wish would helo
to gtvo to the Filipinos a better understanding
of the purposes of the United States Any
other course than that pursued would have
provoked the Just charge of bungling stunld
ity. The vigorous carrying out of the Gov
ernment's liberal educational policy has shown
a contrast between the Spanish and American
administrations to the advantage of the lat
ter, and this action on the part of tho new
Government has done as much as tho execution
of any single line of policy to convince tha
Filipinos of the benevolent purposes of tha
United States.
But there Is a rational ground for pursuing
In ladla a policy with reference to the use of
the English language different from that pur
sued In the Philippine I<:anls. This difference
of policy. is necessitated by th* different con
ditions In the two, countries.- Jn the first place,
the native. languages of Inditf are language* of
cultivation, anfl there exi#ts in each of them
an extensive literature for all the intellectual
needs of a civilized people. This literature
cannot be set acide without destroying the main
'orce among the people that makes for civil
ization. The Filipinos have no such literature,
and. therefore, to teach th»m the English lan
guage is not to. subject them to any Intellectual
loss, but. on the other hand, to furnish them a
most powerful stimulus to Intellectual progress.
In the second place/ the vastness of India's
population and the strength of it« traditions
make it absolutely necessary that th* India of
the future should be developed out of the India
of the fast. The English have not tried to. lay
a new foundation for Indian society but to
reform the historic society by eliminating Its
unworthy features and Introducing certain
practical elements of Western organization as
well as certain material appliances of our
economic life. The Filipino's history and tradl
dltloris that He hack of hi* contact with Euro
pean* are the history ami traditions of bar
barism, and they have been overlaid by the
social and religious practices of Christian so
ciety, which constitute the real foundation of
whatever civilization the Inhabitants of the
Islands possess. Their civilization Is a Euro
pean product spread over the barbaric past
This European contribution tn the cultivation
of the Filipinos constitutes the only hn*i« nn
which we have to buiM for the future In this
view It appears that the only language of mil
tivation available to the FHIplno is a Eum*
pean language, and with Kn R llsh the language
of the Government It follows inevitably that
th« Filipinos will find greater advantage In lu
use than in the u*e of Spanish. Its only real
tends to develop In the natives a certain self
respect and a sense of equality with thoi>e in
P<>wer. But from our |>olnt of view this is
not a result to be avoided for these qualities
are necessary to enable the FIllpinoR to play
the political role that haa been assigned to
them. Popular self report ami an absence of
the sense of subjection aro essential to the de
velopment of a well ordored system of self gov
ernment.
EDUCATOR WHO FAVORS
TEACHING ENGLISH LAN
GUAGE IN PHILIPPINES.
Are Represented.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 11.— The Great
Council of the Improved Order of Red
Men began Its session, which will last
all week, at 10 o'clock this morning in
the Assembly room of the State Capitol.
Great Sachem J. R. Tyrrell of Grass
Valley presided, and an organization was
effected soon after the session began.
Acting Mayor Elkus delivered an ad
dress in which he welcomed the visiting
Red Men to the capital city. Great Sa
chem Tyrrell responded to the address In
a fitting spefch.
The Sacramento command presented a
beautiful regalia of the Degree of Poca
hontas to Mrs. Kato Wilson. Great Sa
chem Tyrrell made the presentation
speech, which was responded to by Mrs.
Wilson.
The degree of past sachem was given
to sixty-five past sachems.
There are eighty-eight tribes in the ju
risdiction of the Great Council and nearly
all of the mare represented.
Nearly All of the Eighty-Eight
Tribes in the Jurisdiction
GREAT COUNCIL OF RED
MEN IN ANNUAL SESSION
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by tho
County Clerk to-day: James M. Gllman.
21. and Virginia G. Prindle. ID, both of
San Francisco; Benjamin Wood. &5. Hay
wards, and Julia V. B. Jackson. 50. Oak
land; John L>. Owens. 23. Selby, ani
Marguerite J. McAllister. 22, Lafayette;
Edward H. Zimmerman, 31, Watsonville,
and Edith M. Hanson. 23, Berkeley:
Michael Wrinn, 36, San Francisco, anil
Rose Cullen, 2S. Oakland; Harry Parsons,
over a. and Margaret Ryder, over 1*.
both of Alameda; William Hughes, 2»,
and Acnes V. Lynas, 22, both of Oak
land; William W. Theobald. 23. Sacra
mento, and Maud M. Hogan. 23. Oakland;
John J. Doherty. 30. and Kate Loftua.
22. both of San Francisco: James A.
Shepley, 53, and Eliza H. Saygers. 4<>,
both of San Francisco; William H. Jack
son. 31. and Ealine M. Young. 23. both of
San Francisco.
Marrlt.ge Licenses.
' When Halller was forced to trot the
men began firing at him, and he finally
fell. The, pursuers then left him and re
turned to town. The two men were
picked up by a freight train.
According to Greer they were In the sta
tion when five men entered and ordered
the two men to march down the railroad
tracks at the point of pistols. They
started and were then ordered to trot,
which they did. Various indignities were
heaped en them. Hallier being forced to
kiss Greer. Greer was then assaulted and
beaten.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Aug. ll.-Joseph
Halller. Alabama district organizer of the
United Mine Workers of America, was
shot and seriously wounded in the arm at
Horse Creek yesterday morning and B.
Li. Grcr (colored), vice president of the
Alabama United Mine Workers, was as
saulted and severely beaten by a crowd
of citizens. Hailler had been to Empire
with Vice President Greer, where a small
local of the United Mine Workers was
organized, and the two men were about
to board a train for Birmingham.
Southerners Resent His Affiliation
With a Colored Man.
UNION ORGANIZER WOUNDED.
HONOLULU, Aug. 5.— The work of
dredging the entrance to Pearl Harbor
Is completed. The locks are now open
to any vessel which touches these islands,
the channel is clean and dredged to the
depth of thirty feet, and the way Is
ready for the army department to begin
the work of putting up buildings and
wharves whenever Congrress makes the
necessary appropriations. The dredger
has been brought to Honolulu and there
is nothing left at Pearl Harbor to show
that men and machinery have been at
work for months', except the completed
channel. The Government engineer in
charge of the work. Laurence Thompson,
leaves on the Alameda for San Francisco.
He will have with him the complete
plans, surveys and soundings which will
be turned over to Colonel Huer at San
Francisco, who Is at the head of the de
partment under •which the work has been
done here. Although the work on the
bar is as good as accepted. Colonel Huer,
after examining the plans, will give to
("lark and Henry, the original contrac
tors, a certified certificate showing- the
work to be completed and accepted by
the Government.
PEARL HARBOR ENTRANCE
IS NOW THIRTY FEET DEEP
Dredging Is Completed and Locks Are
Open to Vessels of Large
Tonnage.
I'understand that there has been some criti
cism on the commission's policy of teaching
English in the Philippines, based on the Kng
llsh policy In India. I am not surprised, how
ever, to learn that such criticisms have been
made. It was not to be expected that all of
the thousand Intelligent teachers engaged to
assist In carrying out the educational policy of
the Government in the Philippines would ap
prove of every detail of that policy. The pol
icy was adopted before the disapproving critics
were heard from, and it i« not quite clear
that a different course would have bee n pur
sued If their testimony had been received
earlier. The Spaniards In many instances pre
vented the Filipinos from learning the Spanish
language and looked with distinct disapproval
upon the use of this language by the natives.
This is a. policy sometimes pursued to/makea
eubject people feel Its subordination.- By this
they made sharp the line of race distinction.
The authorities In the Philippines have sought
to establish as close relations as possible be
tween the members of the two races, and have
not thought it advisable to . hold the Filipinos
aloof by putting obstacles In the way of their
using our speech.
- Some of the English in India, who wish to
have the natives retain a sense of inferiority
and maintain ah attitude of subjection, are op
posed to their learning the English language
on the ground that a knowledge of this lan
guage will m&ka them feel and assert their
equality with the members of the ruling na
tion. There is no doubt that In India- and in
all lands where a foreign race rules, a knowl
edge of the language of the dominant nation
POLICY OF TEACHING.
I entered India at Tutocorln in the south
western part of the peninsula, not far from
Colombo, and gradually advanced toward the
north through Madura. Trlchtnopoll, and Ma
dras to Calcutta and Darjeellng; then up the
great valley of the Oanges as -far as Lahore,
and afterward southward through several of
the native states to Bombay.
Professor Moses' three years of' study
and the administrative practice have led
him to draw some interesting conclusions
in regard to the institutions existing In
the Far East. He has high praise for the
business sagacity of the Chinaman and
says that the intermingling of the blood
of the Chinaman and the Filipino would
produce a people that would combine
many of the good qualities of both races.
He also holds that a certain amount of
immigration from China into the islands
will be absolutely necessary to supply the
labor market for at least fifty years.
ALMOST A VIRGIN COUNTRY.
Professor Moses has prepared a careful
statement of the important phases of the
educational problems that confronted the
commission during the pioneer years. The
following is his discussion of the situa
tion in full:
It is now little more than seven months since
I left the Philippine Islands. On the way I
have taken the opportunity to visit the Slralt
Settlements, Java, India and Egypt. On ac
t-ount of my Philippine experience I found Java
especially interesting. Java presents the ap
pearance of an island whose cultivation is car
ried almost to the utmost perfection possible,
while the Philippine Islands are practically a
virgin country. The Intensive cultivation of.
Java has apparently been necessary to keep
the rapidly Increasing population supplied with
food. Hitherto It has been successful, although
In the last ninety years the number of the in
habitants has Increased from about 8,<X>0.000 to
«"y,000,000. If the Philippine Islands had rela
tively to the territory as large a population as
Java they would have about 90,000,000 Inhabi
tants. Instead of the 7.000.000 that they now
have. Java stands in sharp contrast to the
Philippines in many respects. It has an abund
ant and Industrious body of workers, while
the workers of tho Philippines are neither
abundant nor very Industrious. The Javanese
are encouraged to raise rice and arc not urged
to seek other occupations than agriculture. The
Filipinos are encouraged to educate themselves
and to prepare themselves for all the occupa
tions that a civilized community may offer.
Schools are a very much less conspicuous fea
ture of the aoclal order in Java than in the
Philippines. The revenues of Java are turned
to the Dutch treasury', and the appropriations
for the Island are made In Holland. The Phil
ippine Islands have their separate treasury
into which arc turned all their revenues, and
appropriations from this fund are made by tho
Philippine government to meet the insular ex
penses. The Governor of Java has a very much
larger official Income than the President of
the United States, and occupies a very much
finer house. In this respect there is also a
contrast between Java and the Philippine*.
The question as to how the prosperity of the
Straits Settlements compares with that of Java
and the Philippines cannot be answered di
rectly, since th* different settlements appear to
be enjoying different a«grees of prosperity. Pe
nang. has been In a large measure eclipsed by
Singapore. If Singapore is taken to represent
the English possessions in that region, the ad
vantage in comparison with the Philippines is
decidedly with the settlement. Singapore seems
to be the most flourishing city Jn the Far East,
and Its prosperity is due in no small degree to
the presence of the Chinese. They own and
occupy large numbers of the fine villas In the
suburbs. Any city that wishes to strike for a
leading position among the cities of the Far
East cannot -afford to leave out of its calcula
tion a serious consideration of the possibility of
success without the co-operation of the Chinese.
It does not appear what people is to furnish
successful rivalry to the Chinese In business
sagacity, commercial reliability and executive
force.
BERKELEY. Aug. 11.— The first
complete and authoritative state
ment in regard to the success of
the system of public instruction
;n the Philippine Islands has just
come from Professor Bernard Moses of
th© University of California, who return
ed to Berkeley to-day, after serving since
April, 1900, as a member of the Philip
pine Commission. Professor Moses goes
Into the various problems that have come
up in connection with the American ad
ministration in the islands, paying partic
ular attention to the questions on educa
tion, in which he was particularly con
cerned. Professor Moses was Secretary
of Public Instruction in the Philippines
under Governor Taft and formulated the
educational system that was adopted by
the commission. He vigorously defends
the policy of teaching English to the na
tive children, holding that this Is essen
tial in order that the race may come in
touch with Western institutions.
Coroner Mehrmann has charge of the
body and an inquest will be held to-mor
row evening.
Two days after his wedding in San
Francisco to Miss Wilhelmina S.
Schroeder. H. M. Williams, chief stew
ard of the steamship Algoa, disappeared.
To-day the missing bridegrooms body,
weighted with a bar of railroad iron,
¦was recovered from the bay by R. S.
Strabo. a sailor on the fhip Port Craw
ford lying at Long wharf.
The mystery of the disappearance Is
explained by a note written by Williams
to his your.g bride that was found in
his pocket by Deputy Coroner Quellen.
The me^sape wa-« In a most despondent
vein, and declared the writer's purpose
to end his life because cf ill health and
money troubles. The letter gives the so
lution to the story and indicates that
Williams was worrying over a transac
tion he had in San Francisco shortly
before he was married. It involves the
forgery of Captain Albert Lockett's name
to an order for $50 which B. H. Veeder,
a San Francisco water front outfitter,
rp.Fhed for Williams. Captain Lockett is
master of the Algca and Veeder went to
him last Tuesday with the order only
tn discover that the order" was forged.
B'lt the skipper remedied the matter by
accepting the order, signing it and telling
The outfitter that his steward was good
for the amount.
Apparently in worry about the transac
tion Williams, not kr.owirj? what had
been done to settle the matter, detrr
min#d to end his life. He wrote to his
wife the <*ay after they returned from a
two days' trip to Pan Jise after the
wedding, where they stayed at th* Hotel
Vendome. The farewell letter reads as
foUows:
SAN FRANCISCO, July SI. 1903.
My Dear Wife: I am writirur this note to
fay grxxl-by. as I will never fee >^u aeain
and you » i!l fwn hear front me. My pet. I ,
i ¦¦•. ~ > ou too murh to <irtLK you <'o»n with
: •¦'. J am in poor health and will not live
I 'iK and am in trouble over money matters
• n-i am not Ftrenir enough to ftjcht with fat*
¦my lor.s«>r. I oannot »leet>. as I am worry- J
:'(t all th" time, ani it is killing me hy
':v he?. I know you are a sweet rirl and
¦ :?ar wife to me ar.<1 that you love ine with
nil your heart. You want to go Ea«t and
"•rpet me. Minnie, and forgive me fi.r bring
; ne this trouble on you. <>v1 Mess ><m. pet.
and watch over you an-1 make your life hap
pier than mine hap been. I will close, dear
> rt. and Fay- farewell. Your loving husband,
HALL.
Burr. th!» letter and forgive me. HAL.
Among. Williams' effects was found the
following weeding announcement:
Mr. H. M. Williams and Miss Wilhelmina
F. Schroeder announce their marriage at high
n<»cn, Wednesday, July £!>, at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, Pan Francisco. At home
after August I. at 1*12 Guerrero street San
Fr«r.ei*co.
The last time Mrs. Williams saw her
"»usband was on Saturday afternoon.
August 1. wh^n he left home telling her
he would have to report aboard the
steamer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Aug. 11.
The committee voted to request ths
Board of Education to grant the school
children a holiday on August 21, or if
that was impracticable to grant them a
half-holiday In the forenoon.
Chairman Evans appointed as a com
mittee on programme: II. B. Griffith of
Berkeley. Dr. T. Carpenter of Alameda,
John McCoy of Haywards. Colonel Hast
ings of San Leandro. Mayor Olney and
J..W. Evans of Oakland.
The total amount of the subscriptions
received up to date is $1615 25. This is
little more than half enough to defray
the expenses of the reception and the
members of the committee fear that the
programme will have to be curtailed un
less more, funds are forthcoming. Only
ten days now remain for preparation and
the soliciting committee is working hard
to secure the necessary amount.
At the meeting this afternoon Rev. J.
H, McCullough reported that $500 had
been subscribed by the people of Irving
ton.
The' programme' for the" reception of the
Grand Army, veterans on August 21 was
partly arranged to-day at the meeting
of" the executive committee held at the
rooms of the Board of Trade.
The members of the Grand Army and
their families will be brought to Oak
land on a, special boat, which* will leave
San Francisco at 9:30 a. m., making the
trip by way of the Oakland harbor route
and landing at the foot of Broadway.
The party, will march to the "Willows,"
where the address of welcome will ba
delivered, after; which lunch will be
served. «
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 11.
Does refusal to bathe constitute a
ground for divorce? The question will
be passed up to Judge Ellsworth for de
cision in an action begun to-day by Mrs.
Jennie Page against Rufus Page, a San
Leandro capitalist. Page, it Is alleged,
goes long periods without taking a bath,
all of which is repulsive to the finer sen
sibilities of his wife, and she wishes a
final separation from him and $130 a
month alimony.
Page's aversion to water is made the
subject of special mention in the com
plaint, which has been drawn up by At
torney J. E. McElroy. Not more than
six times a year, it states, does Page get
into a tub, although urged by his wife to
do so. Page's reason, as stated, is be
cause he is afraid of talcing cold, all of
which it is pleaded constitutes a species
of cruelty and good cause why Mrs. Paga
should be given a decree.
It is not the only ground upon which
the divorce is asked and it is said that
Page's miserly instincts go to the extreme
of buying poor meat in order to save th*
difference between an inferior quality anl
the price he would have to pay for a good
grade of meat.
Mrs. Page also alleges that he has not
bought her a dress since she promised t<>
be his bride, for better or for worse, tea
years ago. She once asked him for an al
lowance of J3 a month and he is quoted as
having told her she was crazy. It is al
leged that ho would only let her have
egga in the summer season, when the
price was low.
Judge Ellsworth has issued a restrain
ing order against Page to keep him from
disposing of any of hi3 property until
final disposition of the case is made. It
is alleged that he owns property to th<s
value of $30,000 or $40,000 and that a goodly
portion of it is invested In Spring Vallay
Water Company stock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Aug. 11.
Husband's Aversion to Tub
Is One Ground of
Complaint.
Leaves Note to Bride of Two
Days, and Says He
Courted Death.
Irvington People Subscribe
$500, Making a Total
of $1615.
Woodside is charged with battery, but
his case was continued to-day in the Po
lice Court.
The parent laughs at the story of se
rious injury to his daughter. He insists
that his arrest and the trouble before it
Tvere more the outcome of general family
disturbances than any specific act of his.
On the other hand. Mrs. Woodside In
elsts that the girl was knocked senseless,
while Dr. Binehart comes to the fore
with the statement that Miss Woodsid©
was puttering from concussion of the
brain and a partial paralysis of the left
Bide of the face.
The mother said:
I,ast night my husband tirn* home to a good
dinner but became enraged ovrr on* of the
Children'* •«« and started to whip him. We
tried to grt him to stop, and when Grace in
terfered her father turned on her and struck
her r»n the head with *ueh force that ?he was
thrown Into eonvulFipn*. I pent for a physician
and then had my hlsbsnd arrested, because I
could stand his brutality no longer.
Concerning the trouble the accused
father said:
I was punishing my son Carl for misconduct
at school, when my daughter Grace made for
me with n. carving knife. I Mmply slapped her
face. TTiis trouble in du» to general family
difficulty. I don't know what goes on around
the hou«e when I am away at work, and that's
all there is about It. The girl wasn't i»erlou*ly
hurt because I talked to her after this thing
occurred.
Grace Woodslde, 15 years of age, daugh
ter of A. E. Woodslde, a carpenter, lies
seriously hurt at her home, .951 Union
street, from a blow struck last night by
her father, who has been arrested. Wood
slde, on representations made to the po
lice this morning by Dr. J. F. Rlnehart.
had his bail put at $2000 pending the re
sult of his daughter's injuries.
Woodslde does not deny striking the
girl, but he declares he only slapped her
face, because she tried to Jab him with
a carving knife while he was chastizing
his son Carl, 9 years of age.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Aug. 1L
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11.— With the decision
of the Citizens' Advlsorx. Committee last
night to' have prepared and presented to
the City Trustees an ordinance granting
to the Southern Pacific Company the two
franchises it seeks for its local roads, on
condition that the management of the
corporation accede to certain stipulations
embodied therein, there has come a lull in
the railroad agitation that has had Ala
meda by the ears for five weeks.
Acting upon the request of the Commit
tee of Fifty, the City Attorney is draft
ing an ordinance that will contain all of
the stipulations recommended by the ad
visory body. After the ordinance is in
troduced at the regular session of the
City Trustees next Monday night it will
be within the province of the municipal
legislators to amend, curtail and shape it
as they see fit. It is not expected that
the ordinance will be ready for passage
before the last meeting of the City Trus
tees In September. There will be sent to
th© Southern Pacific officials a copy of
the ordinance as it will be Introduced next
Monday night, and it will then be in or
der for the representatives of the com
pany to conduct negotiations with the
City Trustees with the object of settling
the matter of the franchises to the mutual
satisfaction of the Southern Pacific and
the city of Alameda.
It is said that the stipulation requiring
the Southern Pacific to pay into the mu
nicipal treasury $500 a month for the priv
ileges conveyed In the franchises is what
has thus far prevented the representatives
of the corporation from coming to a defi
nite understanding with the representa
tives of Alameda. All of the other stipu
lations are of minor importance when
compared to this one. It was the sense
of the Committee of Fifty last night that
the corporation should be required to pay
something for the two franchises, and
that is the way the situation stands at
present. Whether the Southern Pacific
will consent to pay the $500 or whether
the management will endeavor to secure
the franchise free or for a lesser license
is not apparent at this time. It is proba
ble that the railroad people will desire
more conferences with the representatives
of the city on this stipulation. When the
Committee of Fifty adjourned last night
It did so to meet at the call of the chair.
The next move In the matter of the fran
chises will be made by the City Trustees
Monday nlpht.
Recommendations Made
' by Committee Lull
Agitation.
H. M. Williams, Late of
Steamship Algoa,
a Suicide.
Committee Arranges for
Special Boat Prom
San Francisco.
Parent Is Accused of a
Serious Attack on
Daughter.
San Leandro Capitalist's
Wife Appeals to
the Court.
STEWARD'S BODY
FOUND IN BAY
PLAN RECEPTION
OF GRAND ARMY
QUIETS MATTER
OF FRANCHISES
CHARGES FATHER
WITH BRUTALITY
MRS. PAGE ASKS
FOR A DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
Professor Bernard Moses Says Knowledge of Anglo-
Saxon Tongue Is Necessary to Bring Natives of America's
Oriental Possessions Into Touch With. Our Institutions
ENGLISH LANGUAGE A FACTOR
IN CIVILIZING FILIPINOS
9
&5l&!?&b^TbBkBBB&30ffi k Is ordeal which an
ff5&B?*_ Cf mm M J3 mWM M ttWivlL^S women approach with
B&mamik0m£rmwmKamw^*a fear? for
child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at tho
time of their most critical trial. Not only 'does Mother's Friend
carry women 6afely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- -
comforts of this period. M&&3 tifffik 1$*iLM tOP" &T2fr9^&b
Sold by all druggists at iWi^S B ffM BZLlfn W
$i.oo per bottle. Book ? • ¦.
containing valuable information free.
Tbe Bradfield RegcHrtor Co., AtteoKu Go. @ mSBSaiaWBaff.
± D VEBTISEMENTS.
BiVirs. Tupman, a prominent™
lady of Richmond, Va., a great
sufferer with woman's troubles,
tells how she was cured.
"For some years I Buffered with
backache, severe bearing-down paini,
leucorrhcea, and falling of the woml>
I tried many remedies, but nothing
gave any positive relief.
"I commenced taking Ijydia EL
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
in June, 1901. When I had taken the
first half bottle, I felt a vast improve-
ment, and hare not? taken ten bottles
with the resnlt that I feel like a new
woman. When I commenced taking
the Vegetable Compound I felt ail
worn out and was fast approaching
complete nervous collapse. I weighed
only 98 pounds. Now I weigh 100}*
pounds and am improving- every day.
I gladly testify to the benefits re-
ceived."— Mes. K. C. Tcpmas, 423 West
30th St., Richmond, Va. — sscoo forftit if
original of aboua letter proving genuineness cannot
be produced.
wnen a medicine has been suc-
cessful In more than a million
cases, is it justice to yourself to
say, without trying it, "I do not
believe it would help me ? "
Surely you cannot wish to re-
main weak and sick.
Mrs. Pinkham, whose addres*
is Lynn, Mass., will answer chet j-
f ully and without cost all letters
addressed to her by sick womps.
Perhaps >he has just the knowl-
edge that will help your cas«s—
try her to-day— it costs nothlzz$»
. ©United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
¦ ' Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. thorlty of the Superintendent. •
Sun, Moon and Tide. ;
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
August 11, 1003.
The time ball on the Ferry building, was
dropped exactly at noon -to-day, 1. e.,at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT, .
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in Charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the cltv front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the 6ame at both places. -
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 12. '
Sun rises 15:22 a. m.
Sun sets 7:07 p. m.
Moon rises .0:13 p. m.
O iTime Time Time Time "*,
t> Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
? H W L W H.W LW
12 T:35 4.C 7:3» 1.1 2:22 6.0 8:19 1.0
13 2:22 4.3 9:14 -1.5 2:54 B.I 9:07 1.6
14 3:20 4.1 8:57 1.9 3:30 0.2 10:10 1.3
15- 4:35 3.9 9:47 2.3 4:15 B.3 11:18 1.0
16 .6:01 3.8 10:47 2.6 5:09 5.4
> L W H W L ;W , H W . •
17 0:24 0.6 7:28 3.8 11:65 2.8 6:10 0.5
18 1:25 0.2 8:37 4.2 1:05 2.8 .7:14 ,- 6.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ; tides
the early morning • tides are given In the; left
hand' column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence • as to time; the ,
The latest grain charters reported are: Brlt-
Uh ship Balasor«, wheat to Europe, at 21s S<J;
French bark Jacobsen. same, at 20s; British
ship Queen Victoria, same. 20s; British ehio
Leicester Castle, wheat and or barley to Eu
rope. 24s Gd. all chartered prior to arrival
The British bark Dovenby is chartered for
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
. Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The schooner Carrier Dove, which recently
went ashore In Asiatic waters, has reached
Shanghai. It is not known how seriously she
was damaged but that there is a hole in her
null Is evident from the way she Is leaking
6he lost about one-third ot her cum. lcaKlnK -
Carrier Dove at Shanghai.
Another fleet of windjammers came Into port
yesterday and Joined at anchorage the arrivals
of Sunday and Monday. It Is many months
elnce the bay was so crowded with shipping as
at present. Most of the arrivals have cargoes
for which the consignees are waiting and the
wharfage accommodation of the port is being
tried to the limit. Among th« latest arrivals
are the British *hipw Dundonald. Captain Milne,
142 days from South Shields, and the Glenlui.
&a day* from Newcastle, Australia; the brig
J. D. Snreckels. 39 days from Guam, and the
ship Falls of Clyde, 20 days from Hilo.
More "Windjammers in Port.
At a recent banquet of the Chamber of Ship
ping, held In London and attended by GeraH
Balfour, Lord Bra* try, Earl Roberts and nu
merous other Britons of high rank, Kir James
L. Mackar. the. president of the chamber, paid
» tribute to the steamship Ooptlo, at present in
this port, and her commander. Captain Rlnder.
Addressing his remarks to W. J. Pirrie of the
directorate of th» shipbuilding firm of Har
land & Wolfe Sir James said:
"I should like to mention, Mr. Plrrie, that
on a recent occasion, coming home from Chtna,
I traveled In one of your ships, not of the moct
recent type, but a veseci you will probably re
member having constructed some- twenty-three
years ago — a ehip by nam<» the Coptic. If ever
any of you gentlemen find you have to cross
the Paciflc I should strongly recommend you to
lay your plans "to that you may travel on th«
Coptic, old as eh» 1*. She Is a most excellent
vessel tn every possible way, and commanded
by a most excellent skipper. Captain Rlnder.
In the Coptic. Ftrange to say, old as she is.
there were absolutely no signs, of age. That
vessel seems to have been kept up. or so faith
fully built, that instead of looking twenty
three years old she does not look more than
ihrea."
Praise for the Coptic.
The Cordelia Heald, the unclassified ranch
built craft of peculiar shape and original rig,
whose career has been the subject of much
marvel in marine circles, blew jn through the
Golden Gate yesterday. aft<»r an absence of
F*verat months. "Farmer" Heald. as her com
mander likes to describe himself, has be<?n
dredging the Klamafh River' for gold, but lh?
«'ord«lla returned ballasted with pand and
gravel instead of bullion. Of his luck, good or
bad. Captain Heald would not 5rx>ak. He has
rome home for the winter and whatever plans
he may have Jn Ftore for his home-mad* boat,
have not been dlscussM outside the Heald fam
ily clrrle. Th» Cordelia is acquiring speed as
ph* ageg »nd Captain Heald reported no re
rurrenc* of her early eteering eccentricities.
She came down from Requa in seven days.
Cordelia Heald Slows Back.
The Prltlsh ship Oranasia was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp, Belgium, with 75.275 cen
tals of barley valued at $86,600. and 16,800
ctls of wheat, valued at $24,400. The vessel
carried 24,000 feet of lumber as dunnage,
valued at $360.
Grain for Belgium.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Argo Eel Rive? Ports Aug. 12
Pomona Humboldt Aug-. 12
City Panama. New York via Panama. Aug. V£
Montara Port Harford Aug. 13
Chlco Coqullle River Aug. 1.1
S.Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 13
Arcata Coos Boy & Pt. Orford. Aug. Vi
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Prts. Aug. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
San Mateo.... Tacoma Aug. 14
s?. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Aug. 14
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 14
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 14
San Pedro Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. It
Edith Seattle Aug. 15
R. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 15
Kureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Corona Humboldt Aug. 15
Claverlng China & Japan Aug. 15
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 15
Chehalls Graye Harbor Aug. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 17
North Fork. . . Humboldt . .". Aug. 17
Sierra Sydney &'Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 18
Enterprise.... Hilo. Aug. 18
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Aug. 18
Silesia. Seattle Aug. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Aug. IS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 20
Acapulco New York via Panama Aug. 20
Rainier 'Seattle & Whatcom. . -lAug. 22
Bonlta I San Pedro & Way Pts.|Aug. 22
TO SAIL. '
Steamer. Deslnation. Sails. Pier.
AinriiKt 12.
Arctic Lob Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rival Wlllapa. Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
August 13.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal Fan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... Newport & Way... !) am Pier 10
Olympic Whatcom- & Fairhn 12 m Pier 2
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
Alien** 14.
Czarina.... Coos Bay Direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Wueen Puget Sound Ports. 11 'am Pier '9
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier »
Argo.../... Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
AuKii«t 15.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier . .
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports.. 0 am Pl'r 2
Chico Coquille River G pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 2 pm Pier 13
San Jose.... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
'Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
St Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 27
Anirust 1«.
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier '-i
Autrnst 17.
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro" & Way.. 0 am Pier 19
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
AnffDRt 18.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coptic China ft Japan...'. 1 pm Pier 40
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahului 3 pm Pier 16
Aiifinst 19.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amJPler 2
Angast 20.
Mlnnf»wask» New York direct.. Pier —
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pra Pier 2
Angrnit 21. . .
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
AuKiiKt U2.
City Panam N Y. via Panama 12 . m Pier 40
Silesia . Hamburg & Way.f 2 pm Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. For. Sails.'
Humboldt.... Ska gway & Way Ports Aug. 12
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. It
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Oregon Nome ......Aug. 1»J
Fanta Ana.... Croks Inlet & Way Pts. jAug. 16
Dolphin... 1 ... Skagway & Way PortslAug. 17
Portland Nome A St. Michael.. | Aug. 20
iJlriso m » . . Skagway & Way Ports Aug.' 20
City Seattle. . . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 21
Nome City Cooks' Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 25
nedy. R. Kennedy, L. B. Kerr, Dr. Loudonler,
A. W". Morrison. Matsumoto. Matsutnaga, V.
P. McGeau. Mies McOeau. Dr. N. H. Morri
son, wife, sen and daughter; Nlshlno. Flor
ence E. Ojrg. Thomae O'Dowda. Okuba, M. Pat
terson and wife. Miss S. Powell. Miss K.
t-han<". J. K. Sumner. T. Shinkawyo, Mre. S.
M. Scott. I-». Thompson, Ed. Trevelyan, A.
Todhunter, I. Yempuku and servant. I. Yama
moto, K. Yasuda, S. Yamada, Ybshlnaga,
lirr. J. M. Williams and child. Mrs. R. M.
Wright. Mifs M. B- Walsh. Maurice Walsh.
Samuel Wight. J. W. Waldron and Mr. Ha
ni ano.
Mr. Aggassiz. Mrs. L. Bricker and two
children, Mr. Broderick, C. Crowell, Mars
ton Campbell. C. Culllmore, W. J. Coelho, Mrs.
II. K. Clark. C L. Carter, T. W. Carter. W.
H. Dodge, wife and two children: Mrs. L. B.
Dyer, W. Davis and wife. Miss Damon, Miss
V. Damon. W. E. Devereu^c. H. Deacon. S. T.
Deacon, Mrs. Captain Drew. Judge M. M. Estee
and wife. F. Fleishman, H. Fleishman, Mrs.
Fox. A. Garvie and wife, Charles Gunn, Albert
Homer Jr.; H. Henrlci. Miss H. Hoffman, Y.
Imashita. M. Imada. S. Ito and wife. Lieuten
ant Jones, Mi*s Jaeger, T. Kakul. E. G. Keane
and wife. F. J. Kieree, B. Kennedy, D. J. Ken-
shared with the Mariposa and
Moana the maintenance of the schedule
between here and the Antipodes. She has
now a shorter run and burns liquid fuel
instead of coal and still puts in her ap
pearance at both ends of her trip •with an
abidance by schedule which would make
the overland traveler Invoke blessings on
the head of the transcontinental railroad
corporations. •
The Alameda arrived here yesterday
from Honolulu. She was just six days
making the passage. She brought a full
cargo and nearly L"00 passengers. Among
the latter was Judge M. M. Estee of the
United States District Court, who has
come home on a vacation. He was ac
companied by Mrs. Estee v Dr. N. H. Mor
rison, chief surgeon of the Santa. Fe sys
tem, and his wife were also passengers.
A. Todhunter, chief electrician of the
cable company, came up on the Alameda.
The passengers* included the following
named: .
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda still lives up to the
reputation for clock-like prompt
ness she won in the days she
The China Commercial Company's steamship
AthoII. which arrived from Hongkong Monday
night, brought only 777 tons of cargo and four
passengers, all Japanese.
Brings Small Cargo.
:new YORK— Cleared Avk 10— Br stmr In
drani, for Manila: Br stmr Saxon, for Port
Natal. ' . ' ' ¦..-•¦¦¦ . '¦'¦ -'..;
BALTIMORE— Sailed ' Au* 11— ShiD Gov
HONOLULU — Arrived Aug 10— Jap stmr
America Maru, from Yokohama. Aug 11—
Stmr Sierra, from Sydney. . '
Sailed Aug 11 — Jap stmr America Maru, for
Ban Francisco. • ¦ -¦' ¦ ' ¦
LAHAINA— Arrived Aug 11— Schr Marconi,
from Newcastle, NSW.
HONO1PU— Arrived' Aug 8— Schr Defender,
from San Francisco." *• . -
EASTERN PORTS., ' .
' PORT LOS ANGELES,' Aug 11 — Reported
sailing of Ger -ship Nlnfa Aug 8 was an error.
Vessel Is still in port. ' • •
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed ¦ Aug 11— Schr
Comet, for Grays Harbor. -
ISLAND PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 11— Strar Alas
kan, hence Aug 7. for Seattle; stmr San Ma
teo, hence Aug fi, for Tacoma: Jap stmr Kaga
Mam. from Yokohama, for Seattle.
Passed out Aug 11 — Ship Glory of the Seas,
from Comox, for Dutch Harbor.
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug'll — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, tor San Francisco.
CASPAR — Arrived Aug 11— Stmr , South
Coast, hence Aug 10.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrlve'd Aug 11— Stmr As
tec, from . , • ¦ !
BANDON— Sailed Aug 11— Schr Mayflower,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr ArciU.
hence Aug 7.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Aug ll-8tmr
Marehfleld. for Needle Rock. • .
_ EUREKA— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Eva. from
Redondo: stmr Sequoia, hence Aug 0. Auk 11
—Schr Dora P.luhm. from San Diego; schr
Americana, from San Diego.
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Lakme. for San Fran-'
Cisco. » i , ¦ - •
Sailed Aug 11— Etmrs laqua and Pomona,
for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed .Aug 11— Stmr Aurelia.
for -San Francisco. i
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr- West
port, from Westport. :
Sailed Aug 11— Stmrs . Samoa and Green
wood, for San Francisco. . • _ - . ¦
GRAYS. HARBOR— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr
Pan Pedro, from Eureka: bktn Geo C Per
kins, from Copper Island: schr Halcyon, from
San Pedro. .
Sailed Aug 10— Schr W F Jewett. for San
Francisco. • , - ¦ " ' '
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 11 — Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Despatch, hence Au
gust 7. .
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS, Aug 11. 10 n m— Weather
cloudy; wind S\V. velocity 12 miffs per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Per stmr Alameda— Aug 10. 1 p m. lat 35 47
N. Ion 138 Xi w, Kr bark Emma Laurens.
from Newcastle, Aus. for Fan Francisco; Auk
11. at 7:50 a m. met Fr bark Francois, hence
Aug 9. for Ipswitch.
¦K,£? r .* tmr G c Lindauer— Auk -11. 25 miles
NW of 1'oint neye*. Oer ship Aluterufer. from
r»ewca*tl», Aus, for San Francisco.
July 23. lat 20 30 N, Ion 122 .10 W, Br ship
Ardnamurchan, from Port Townsend, for Val
paraiso. •
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Tuesday, August 11.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Curacao. Paulstn, Guaymas.
Stmr N«-va<ian, Weeden. Honolulu.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen. Point Arena.
Btmr (.Jipsy, Leland. Monterey.
Btmr Celia. Devitt. Albion.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Mineoia. Kirkwood, Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Olelow. Moss Landing,
btmr Si-otla. Krirkson. Bowens Landing.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu,
schr Ivy, Jensen, Coos Bay.
Schr Czarina, Schmaltz. Sand Point,
fachr Western Home. Lembke. Coos Bay.
Schr Pearl, Peterson, Dutch Harbor and
tanak.
CLEARED,
Tuesday, August 11.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Stmr Nevadan. Weeden, Honolulu; 'Williams,
Dimond & Co. ' ,
Br ship Oranasia. Grelg. Antwerp; G W Mc-
NeRr.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Schr Pearl, Peterson. Dutch Harbor and
Sanak; Alaska Codfish Co.
Schr Czarina. Schmaltz, San Point; McCol
lam Fishing and Trading Co.
Tuesday. August 11.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, UO hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Nebraekan. Greene, 9 days from Hono
lulu.,
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 5S hours from Ven
tura.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell, 6 days from Hono
lulu. .
Stmr G C Lindauer. Allen, C5 hours from
Grays Karbor.
Stmr Cordelia Heald, Heald, 5 days from
llcqua.
Stmr St Paul. Llndqulst, from Xome. via
Seattle lib hours.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 48 hours from Coos
Bay.
Br ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, 20 days from
Hilo.
Br shiD Glenlui, Scott, 55 days from New
castle. Aua.
Barge Santa Paula. Pelle. 2 days from Ven
tura, in tow tug Rescue; up river direct
Brig J D Spreckels. McNelll, SO days from
Guam.
Schr Robert R Hind. Erickson. 20 days from
Eleele.
Schr. Ellen Gunderson, . Larsen, S hours from
Bollnas. '; i,
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, 13 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Bessie K. Merrlam, 11 hours from San
Vicente Landlns.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 5 days from Wil
lapa Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
lumber from- Olympla to two ports in Chile
at 31g 3d; British ship Craigmore, fame busi
ness, from Hastings Mills to Callao, chartered
in England.
The bark W. B. Flint loads general mer
chandise here for Honolulu and Makaweli.
Reinsurance Bates.
The rate of reinsurance on the Milton Park
Tras advanced yesterday to 75 per cent. The
Helen Brewer was marked up to S5 per cent.
MORE OF THE NOW DUE FLEET OF SAILING VESSELS REACHED PORT YESTERDAY FROM VARIOUS
FOREIGN PORTS AND THE HARBOR ANCHORAGES ARE CROWDED WITH WINDJAMMERS OF ALL NA
TIONS AS THEY HAVE NOT BEEN FOR MANY MONTHS. I ' »
The barkentino Archf was cleared vesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cajrgo. valued at SIS.42S. and Including the
following: 454r> ctls barlry 293:* bales hay.
I3JK80 lbs oil cake meal. Tti.r.ia lbs bran. 16G
otls oats. 2eS ctls corn. 01,820 lbs middlings.
125 Jbs bread. 524 gallons wine. 102 calicns
l>randy. 10 bdls iron. 31 pkgs paints and oils,
li't bbls limt, 170 c* soap. 4 coils rope. 100
oars. 1 pkg hos*>. 59 pkgs boiler compound,
147 pkgs crDCkery and glassware.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Most striking effects are produced by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat board, greens, grays,
black and red; most stunning and artistic
for a very moderate outlay. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 M.-irket street. •
Pester Pictures.
All of the captains of ocean going
steamships have been greatly delayed
and if the tog keeps up much longer
schedules v.ill be knocked to pieces.
Navigation has not been so difficult in
y«-ars as it is about Cape Flattery at the
present time.
SEATTLE. Aug. 1L— For two days the
freight steamship Alaskan has drifted
about the Pacific Ocean Just outside of
Cape Flattery unable to make the waters
or' Puget Sound on account of the dense
fog. Her local agents received word from
Tatoosh this morning that the vessel
would probably remain for an indefinite
period. It may be a week before the fog
clears sufficiently to make navigation
safe.
The Alaskan had about 500 tons of gen
eral merchandise for this port, having
made a call at San Francisco and other
California ports on her xvay north. She
has oade two round trips between Seat
tle and New York, touching at Honolulu,
end is now on her third voyage. She prob
ably is the largest of the company's fleet
and Captain Nichols will not take the
smallest chance of meeting with disaster
la an effort to pass the dangerous cape
in the fog.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Domin
ion, from Montreal; stmr Nomadic, from Port
land.
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Saxonia, for Boston,
via Queenstown.
BROWHEAD — Passed Augr 11 — Stmr West
ernland. from Philadelphia, for .
NAPLES — Sailed Aug 11 — Stmr Vancouver,
for Boston.
BRISTOL— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Iberia, for
Montreal, t
HAMBURG— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Kroon
land. from New York. ! •¦
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug Jl— Stmr North
America, from Genoa and Palermo; stmr Bo
vic. from Liverpool.
Sailed Aue 11 — Stmr Kronprini W llh-im, for
Bremen, etc; stmr Georgic. for Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed Aug 11— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, for Plymouth. Cherbourg and
Hamburg.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Mongol
ian, from New York; stmr Sarmatlan, from
Boston.
LONDON — Arrived Aus 11 — Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New. York.
Roble, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aujr 10— Ger stmr
lsis. for San Francisco.
GIBRALTAR — Passed Auk 10 — Br strnr Oan
fa, from Seattle, for London. •
GUATEMALA— Sailed July 17— Ger stmr
Sescvstrls, for Hamburg.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed July 2S— Ger stmr
Anubls. for Hamburg.
ANTWERP— Sailed Auk 9— Ger ship Lika.
for San Francisco.
COLOMBO— Sailed Aue 8 — Span stmr Isla
de Panay, from Liverpool, for Manila.
EAST LONDON — Arrived Aug 18 — Br ship
Crown of India, from Oregon.- ¦ '
MOROKAN— Arrived July 26— Ger stmr Eva,
from Oregon, for Port Arthur.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Auk 8— Br stmr
Fedndene, for Manila.
INDIAN PORT — Arrived July 29 — Br stmr
Nlnjr Chow, from Barry, for Seattle.
• LONDON— Sailed July 2»— Ger stmr Serbia,
for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Sailed . July 24— Br ship
Alice A Leigh, for San Francisco, via Newcas
tle, Aus.
PORT SAID— Arrived Aug 9— Br stmr Rich
mond Castle, from New York, for Manila.
PUNTA ARENAS — Arrived July 24 — Ger
stmr lsis, from Hambure.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 10— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
ST LUCIA— Sailed Aug 0— Stmr Oregonlan,
for Delaware Breakwater.
TKNERIFFE — Arrived July 29 — Ger stmr
Ramses, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
USHANT— Passed July 29— Ger atmr Serbia,
from London, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Captain Martin will communicate with
the Honolulu authorities and the Jap
anese will be held in prison till some
thing definite is ascertained from them
about him.
The police think they have a Japanese
In custody who is wanted in Honolulu
for murdering his wife about two months
ago. His name is Etaro Kimura and
he arrived here yesterday* morning as a
stowaway on the steamship Nebraskan.
As soon as the vessel was docked Cap
tain J. Green called at police headquar
ters and notified Captain Martin that aft
er the vessel was two days out from
Honolulu the. Japanese was discovered in
one of th« coal bunkers. It was such
an unusual thing for a Japanese to be a
stowaway that the captain's suspicions
were-.; aroused, as he knew a reward of
$500 had been offered for the arrest of a
Japanese wife murderer.
Detective I Ryan accompanied Captain
Green to the steamer and took the Jap
anese to the City Prison. Interpreter
Geffeney was sent for, and he questioned
the Japanese, who made so many con
tradictory statements that the suspicion
that he wai the wife murderer was
strengthened. He said he had' been em
ployed in the California saloon in • Hono
lulu and had not seen his wife for five
months, as they had quarreled .and she
had threatened to kill him. Then he said
his wife was living at King and Nuano
streets, Honolulu, and had seen him off
on the steamer.
Captains Decide to Remain
Outside Until Weather
Improves. #
Suspected of Having Commit
ted Capital Offense in
Honolulu. •
Vessels Are Unable to
Make the Waters of
Puget Sound.
if '
Japanese Stowaway on
Steamer Nebraskan
Arrested.
FOG ENVELOPS
CAPE FLATTERY
MAY BE ESCAPED
WIFE MURDERER
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S LINER
ALAMEDA ARRIVES FROM HONOLULU
Comes Up in Six Days and in Addition to a Full Cargo Brings Nearly
200 Passengers, Among Them Being a Number of People
Well Known ; in Hawaiian Territory and in this Country
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .AUGUST 12, ,1903.
10
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Juneau,
Halnes, Skagway. etc.. Alas-
ka— 11- a. m.. August 4, 9.
14. 19, 24. - 29, Sept. 8.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Auguat 4,
0, 14. 1». 24. 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seattle
to th's company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka fHumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., August 2. 8. 14. 2C>. 26, Sept. 1; Corona.
1:80 p. m., August 5, 11, 17, 23, 2&, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angele* and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rona, Sundays, 0 a. m.. .
State of California. Thursdays, n a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., August ."•, 13, 21, 29,
Sept. 6.
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Aug. 17. 2S, Sept. 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jew del
Cnbo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. -Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 »„ m.,7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain . folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
TICKET OPrXOES — 4 Netr Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Brondwny wharf. .' ! -
Freight office. 10 Market street. ¦.»: ¦
C. D. DUN ANN, General Passenger Agent.
•10 Market St., San Francisco."
p. /?- & iv.co.
"Columbia" satis Aug. 1. 11, 21. 31. "Oeorg»
W. Elder" sails July 27. Aug. 6. *«, 28. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND.- OR., and short
mil line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steam**
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear it »t n «. m. ~. T. . BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery at.; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. '• jpt., 3 Montgom-
ery st. - . . .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) /•
Steamers wlir leav« wharf, corner First aad
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for -YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo),
Nagasaki ¦ and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc Na
cargo received on board on day of calling. ,
S, 8. AMERICA MARU.............
....Wednesday, August 26, 1903
S 8 HONGKON'O MARU (calling at Ma-
, nila) Saturday. September . 19. 1903
8 S. NIPPON.MARU
...../...Thursday. October 15. 1903
. Via Honolulu. V Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany* ¦ office, 421 Market street, corner First.
-W..H. AVERT. General Agent.
A Asianlo C (T I* A ¦"""¦'• mhoa, «ew
¦occawcs._sxo. 0 »-^-s
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15, 11 a. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Aug. 15, 11'a.m
8 S. SIERRA,' for Honolulu, Samoa," Auck-
. 'land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
U.SPI£CtEUftBI0LC0.,i^s..TidUtBfDG8,e43lartiia
Fntyt 08x8.329 Vartit !L. tin la. 7. Pacift Si
HUlt» I»land ' and VaUeJo Steamers.
fcttamer GEN. FRIBBIEor MONTiCEl.LO—
6:45 n. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 a. xn.. 12:30 soon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday, run-
day. 7 a. tn., 4:15 p. m. ' Far*. 60 cents. . Tel.
Main 1508. Pl«r 2. Mlsalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
Vi'EST, 24 Post et.. San Francisco, Cal.
Ejtstllthed 40 y«art Open entire year.
Vi'rlW ?or illustrated cataloirue <free).
i POLYTECHNIC
A, Bueinees College and
K9L 6chool of Kr.K'.neer-
•33ST ¦» i «t*^ » iif. <"'3k;ar.<i. Cal.
fSf^iJ^zt lyifrfrti f-.u:r;*«i school of
3 l J2v^3«5 a t^r^—5 business Fhorthan 1
*^Jr&4rZm SSjwl 1 tr '' s enpineerlCB •"¦eat
&*» W&Q fV^-T» of Ch i ca "- Perfect
t%M rr.*riS*T2''^Ti! l^3^ c Hraate, exrfr.«»>s low.
V\-rlte for free 100-
pape catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YCLNG LADIES).
Centers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the universl-
tiff and leading Eastern coliegee: rare oppor-
tunities, offprei :r. music, art and elocution.
Thirty-eighth year. Fall term opens August
12. 1P03. Write for catalogue to MRS. C. T.
&ILLP. ri»c. Mills Ooliege P. P.. Cal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BoYS. M»r.!o Park, California. Prepares
for ai-.j- university or for bueinesE. Send for
Illustrated eatslog-ue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D.,
Principal. Fall term opens August 11.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory fchool for the uni-
versity, law and :r.e<jiraJ colleges, la weli
ItrcT.n fcr its careful and thorough work. Come
ard bi with us; we prepare you well; refer-
ence* President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feiECr. rtielan building.
L. H. GP.AU. Ph. D.. Principal.
ilISS BABKiuB AND 2XXSS HUGHES'
SCHOOL FOR GISX.S
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA Formerly the
PTKOBUBK SCEOOZ..
Preparee for the Universities and Colleres
Xlerx and Eut. University lectures open to
?tudentr. Femerter b»jrins August 25.
BELSViONT^ SCHOOL.
FOR EOYS, BELMOXT, CAL ,
Gp-r» fcT new pupils August 10; for former
pupil* August 12. Catalogue and book of views
cn arT>li<*tior..
W. T. REID. A. M. <Harvard). Head Master.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
AJT2> TAXT SXSS SEKIHAET,
I^i2 Jackson st.. S. F. Boardir.r and <»ay
rr+iool *cr rirla. Accredited by the lead< CK
colleges and uaiverslties. Special attention
plven to rousic. Reopens August 10. 1303.
gARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONGCOL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Ets^re end pjstform poeitlor.s ruaranteed;
lzr.gtia«re«: diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Butter
«t. Phone West 1169. Reopens September 2.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
f ACRED EEART COLLEGE. Ziij and LtrkioStt.
CLASSES OPEK K05DAY. ACOUST 3, 1903,
t tX 7:18 y. m.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVIXGTON. CAL.
A h!gh-grade Military School for a limited
riumber of boys of good character. Next terra
fcesrin* Aurutt 12.
WILLIAM WALKER AXDERSOy. Principal
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENCE,
Opens August 13. Home and df.y schooL Ac-
credited by leading college?. For catalogue ad-
Ctrt* MARY B. WEST. Principal.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
S AIT KAPAEL, CUZ..
Feparate bulMln* for little boj'B. Xsua term
v.111 b*gln on Acgust 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Mudiee will be resumed MONDAY. August 3,
1303. ERO. ZEyONIAN. Prealdent.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET. .
Boarainc and day school for boys under 15 years
cf age. Studies commence MONDAT, August a,
1903. £«.d lor STcr;>eetus to Bra Genebra^y .
i. EAILWAY TEAVELk
SOUTH ERN d PACIFIC
/v>)n Line. Foot of Market Street ) >_
r BAT « — p. y»o» acsw i. taos. - ak«i77
' 7.00a Benici^ balsnn. Elmira and Sacra,
.... vSavUleVwin'teri" Ramsey..!!... '. 7.25*
ixai MkSbcZ - 8«n B»mon. Vallejo.
7.50a Nlles. LlTerEore. *?****%t™Z. 7.25»
a nfl*. DaTiB^Woodlmid.'KnlViw Landing
8.00A "¦:'%.' ,,, e oroville. (connects
MlSnrtTlile for Grtdley. Biggs 7g^
m*n* AUanUcExpfeis^OgdVniadEsii: 10^5*
800a porStl 5«»rtlnei. Antloch. By-
800 ron TracT t Stookton,Sacr»meato.
• gSTn^ais. Mendota. IUnford
VUnlta. Porter»ll!e m*J3r
G<&hen Junction, Uanford. VI-
•«i<a Bakersfleld o-Zor
tFnito. Brd Bluff. Forti«« ¦"¦;.• 7-55r
• rn» xhm 8sj» Jo»e, Llvcnaore. Btoc«.-
9.00a M»nine«»ndW.y Stations B65p
ford. Vi»alla. Bakersfleld. Lo«
10 .00a Tbe
12.00* B«yw.rd NilMandW.yStaUons. 3.2SJ
11.00P Sacramento Hirer Steamers-..-... tliOOF
SJIIr B^^i.nd W^^ms. ft c a o C fn%T^
» O K ro n T fne 8 sn L d" d .T %£%£ 10-554
8.30F Ha%*Kn« snd Wa, ' Statlont. 7*&*
4.00r Msrtlne2.S»nF.»mon.ValleJo,Napa,
4.oo, mSSSJt^SSSS^^; iff*
Jose. Ltrennore • *''- 6M
SXiOr Th« Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
BaSersneld, Los Angeles; con-
necu at Saagus for Santa Bar- .
bars- •••• » 55a
6-COf Port Cotta, Tracy. 8tockton. Los
Banos 'lot
tS30? Hnyward, Nlles and San Jose -i$| A
6-COp Hayward.NUes and San Jose lUtS*
6.00P Orlenwl Mail — Opdeo. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
'East. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
sengers only out of San FraD-
ctsco.- Tourist car and coaca
passengers take 7.00 r. *. trsla
to Keno, continuing thence la
their cars S t.m. train eastward.. 4Z5»
Westbound. Sunset Limited. —
From Jfew York. Chicago, Hew
Orleans, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fresno. Bcreuda, Raymond t from
YoRemJte). Martinez. Arrives., a 25a
7.00? San Pablo. PtTrt Costa, Marttnei
and Way Stotions. 'lie
t7C0r Vallejo «l=sr 766 *
7-COp Port Costa, BenlcJa. Sul»un, Davis,
Sacramento, Truckee. Keno.
Stops at sll sutlons eaut of
Sacramento 7-0O4
IXSr Oregon ft California Kxprens— 8ac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Bedding;.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
J9.10p Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
dsyonly) tti.55*
11.26r Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
deito, Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
iemlte), Fresno, Hanford, VI- m^ mm
salla. Bakersdeld 12-2S»
COAST LINE l.nrrow Umjjj.
(Foot of Murlcet Street.)
X1A§± Santa Crai Excursion (Sunday ~
only) {3.10>
815a Kewark. t'entervllle. San Jose,
Feltoa, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Tiny Stations 8 25»
t2.15r Newark. Centerv tile. San Jose,
Kew Almaden.Loa Oatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cru aad
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4.15F Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday run* through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek t8-S54
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM FKA.N CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slips)
— TT:Jfl 9:io 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.15 p.*.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:0O t3:0l
t8:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LI N E (Broad Uange).
tar* (Third antl I'ownaend Streets.)
6-10a San Jose and Way Stations 7.3 Op
+7. 00a San Jose and Way Stations 6 -30?
/8.00a New Almaden (Tueu., Frld.) y4.10p
17.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) J8-5O»
8-C0a CosstLlne Limited— Stopsonly San
Joee,Gllroy.Ho!lister,Pa]aro.Cas-
trovllle. Salinas. San Ardo. Paso
Bobles. Santa Margarita, San Luls
Obispo. (principal stations t henc e )
Santa Barbara. Saagus and Los A n-
geles. Connection at Cajtrovlll*
to and from Monterey and Paclfls
Grove and at Psjaro north bound
from Capltoia and SanuCruz.... 10.457
9.00a San Jo-e. Tres PInos, Capltoia,
Santa Cruz.PaclflcGroTe.Sallnaa,
Sun Lais Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-IOr
Westbound El Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago, El Paso. Los An-
geles, Ssnta Barbara. Arrives.. 1-SOf
1O-30A Saa Jose and Way SUtlons V20r
11 -00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
' Francisco, San Bruno 1.05»
11.30a San Jose, Los Gaios and Way Star
, ___ tlons 5-38P
•IJDr San Jo«e and Way Stations x70Cr
2.00P San Jose and Way Stations 59 40*
2.30P Cemetery PasnenKer — South Saa
<..¦..» Francisco, Saa Bruno 4^5»
1 13.00r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, ' •,
Sau Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Paciflc Grove (connects at Santa
Clar* for Santa Cruz, Boulder
_ __ Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M2.1S*
i-iOr Burllngnnie, San Mateo. lied wood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
• Clara, San Jose, GUroy (conneo-
. tloa for Holllster, Tres Pino*),
Pajaro (connection for Wauon-
vtUe. Capltoia and Santa Cruzt,
Paciflc Grove and way stations.
Connects at Castrovllle for Sa-
.__ »na» 1043a
.f-gs* 1 S«a Jose and Way Stations 836a
to COr Saa Jose, (via Santa Clara) Lot
Gatos, Wright aad Principal Way
._,„ Stations t900*
t&-3DF San Jo»e and PrinclpalTTay Stations +800*
T6-15P San Mateo. Beresford.BeImont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8 48*
B.JOr San Jose and Way Sutlons 6 36*
7 -OOP Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Oblnpo. Santa Barbara. Lot
Angreles. Demlng. El Psso. New
Orleans. Xew Tork. (Westbound
. ___ _ trrlTB »"*S-nJcsqulnVa:iey)... w875*
-A*Sn F S l . : ,?K Alto • ntlw »7 Stations 10-15a
«1130p Mlllbrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tions . ... . tfl 4Sp
all Mlllbrae, San Jose * "and" Way *Su-
tlons t9i5»» r
v b. A l2 r Mornin »f. P for Attcrnooa.
x Saturday and Snnday only.
J Stops at all stAttoas oa Suaday.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
d Connects at Goshen Jc. with trains for Haafonl
„ _. Vlsalla. At Fresno, for VWaiia via Sangsr.
• Via Coast Line. /Tuesday and Friday.
S? S™*?* T l* NUe$ - ¦ Dallr except Saturday.
k \ la Saa Josqula Valley. T
1 Stops Santa Clara soath bound only. Connect*,
Mcept Sunday, for all points Narrow Gauge.
¦^"OaJy train* (topping at Valencia St. st-athboua*
»re 6: » a.*.. 11:00 a.M.. 2:30 p.j«. aad 6:30 PJI.
H— — - TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays exceptedV-6:43.
f7:45, 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. 'I:** 8:13.
1:15. 'e-lS. 0:45. 9, 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M SUNDAY3 AND LEGAL, HOLIDATS-T.
t8, t*0. 1*10. 11. tll-30 a. m.. fl2:3O fl:3*
2:35 'i-.tO. 5. 6. 7:30, 9. 11:43 p. o.
Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quentin. Thoss
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m. Satur-
days. Cm Saturdays th« 3:15 p. m. train runs
tO rrfoM a s"AN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week (lays— 5:25. J6:25. 7:40. 8:15. »:33.
11:05 i. nT. lF:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:43.
10 6W«)AYS-«:15. 7:35, tS: 10. 9:«0
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. 13:23. 4:40. t3.5O.
«:65. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked <t) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILX. V ALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8:23.
9:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15, 5:10. 7:03.
"sijN^DAYS— «:35, 7:55, 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12.05.
1:06. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 8:05, 7:10, 10:40 p. in.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
£:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Toir.ales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
. Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m., Poiat
Reyes and .way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62tt Market St.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. m
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via 3iaasiii» firry Arrive
Saa Fran. _K* si Mart* St. San Fran. _
Week Sun- Sun- Week
Dayi. days /f^vZ'tiwK. daya Pars.
»-,-45a «:OOa fe^a&j'g^ IV:OOn t»:li*"
l:45r »:OOa 13:»Op3:S«P
5:15r 1O:OOa 3:30p S.iOr
fcatrtayi tarjr. >saf« IVtwaT 9;30p,arriT>SJ. 11;3Of
HCaIT I C3« Masxkt St^ (North Shore Railroad
OfnCB I aad Saosauto Fkxxt, Foot Marksx Sc
I RAILWAY :TBAVEI«.
The Only Double-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific, '¦
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North»Western Rys.
LeavesSanFranciscodailyatio.ooa.m. Two
.other trains daily at S.co a. m. snd 6.oo p. ra.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
! full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or g
R. R. RITCHIE.
Cenenl Agent Chicago & North- Western R*!Iwiy.
617 Market Street, I
SAS FRANCISCO, CAL. i
California
Limited...
ro CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[sliillili For Those Who
j^^P^ Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Um'd Local Ov'rl'd
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30 a 9:30 a 4:C0p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p! 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p] 1:28 a.
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:2Op 3:15a
"Hanford 4:58p 4:07p 7:50a
"Vlsalla 4:55p 4:48p 5:00a.
"Bakersfleld .. T:15p 8:0Op 7:33a
"Kansas City. 2:33a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:15p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a m Monday and Thursday is th»
CALIFORNIA LIMITED. carrying
Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers.
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
»engerc. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0:30 a. ni. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00- p ni. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. ra. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday.- Thursday and Saturday at S p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry .De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 . Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FBAKCISCO TO SAX BAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 aad 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, "3:40. 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAFAEIi TO SAW FBAXTCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:33. ?:60, 9:20.
- 11:15 a. m.: 12:50. »2:0O. 3:40. 8:00. 6:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trlD at 1:45 t>. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45
. 3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:26. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
~ 7:30 a 7:45 al 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00a 8:*0a| S:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 s
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and I 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 pi Santa Rosa. |
7:30a 7:30a 10:20*10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
I Windsor. *~
7:30 a| 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20 a
j Lytton.
2:30 p] 2:30 p GeyserviHe. 7:25 p 7:25 p
] Cloverdale. .
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklaii. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
"7^30 a| 7:50 a| . Wllllts. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
R:00a| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a! 10: 20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Guerneville. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 r| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al ' - 110:20 a 1 10:20 a
2:3Qp| 2:30p| Sebastopol. j 7:25 p| 6:20p
STAGES 'connect «t Green Brae for San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for" Whito Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs: at' Lytton for Lytton Springs-
at Geyserville for Skapgs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the G«ysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan SpTlngs. High-
land Springs. KelseyviUe, C«rlsbad Springs
Soda Bay. Lakepbrt and Bartlett Springs- at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs
Blue Lakes. Laurel D*U-Lake. Witter Springs'
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's"
Riverside, Lierly's. * Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn
Heights. HullviUe. Orr"s Hot Sprlnes. Half-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendocino Clty^ Fort Brag*. Westport
Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Lcytonvllls Cum'.
mings. Bell's Springs, Harris. Oisen's.' Dyer
Garterville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
i On • Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all nolnt*
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. »«"««»
.Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. o en . Pat. Agt.
• r ;' OCEAN TBAVEL.
COMPAGNIE GENE jo ALE TRAV8aTLaHTIQU3
'DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAiUS.
galling .very Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. --jHreVv
North River, foot of Morton street. •
First-class to Havre." $70 and upward. Sec-
end-class to Havra. $45 and upward. OEM*
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Building).
N«w York- J. F. FUGAZI <t CO., Padtto Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.General Merchandise.
7©8c: thin Cows. 4£5o per lb.
CALVES — ISStto per lb (gross weight).
SHKEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3*4fi3fcc per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring, $3 7533 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 14O to 200 lbs, «Vic:
under 140 lbs. 5%®*:; Sows. 2O per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Aug. lL-r-Wheat, ' steady; blue
stem,, b2c; club, 78c • . ,. ; . . ;. v
PORTLAND. Aug. 11.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la.-.77@79c; blue stem. 80®82o; ; valley, 79080c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
3 ?S *g *2 *& I
§ |3 II *~. it 5
STATIONS. • || JB f3 |~. §
Baker 29. »0 £2 54 N Clear -.00
Carson 29>4 fc« no NW Clear .00
Eureka 80.02 6C 60 XV Cloudy T.
Fresno 29.fi2 102 <32 W Clear .00
vie&tt&Z 29.80 80 M W Cloudy -.02
NEW .YORK, Aug. 11. — FLOUR— Receipts
29,980 barrels; exports, 1794 barrels; strong and
somewhat higher; /winter low grades, $2 7003
WHEAT— Receipts, 48,425; exports, 142 153 '•
spot, easy: No.* 2 red, 84 %c elevator and 8<HJe
f. o. b: afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 93«c f
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. !i.3%e r. o
b. afloat. .Options were disappointing to the
bulls to-day. In face of a strong Government
report there was little support either local or
outside and. while the market -held steady to
firm nearly alt day lt was largely a result of
¦fctreegth In corn. In the last half hour the
New York Grain and Produce.
No more Western Poultry came in, but the
receipts of domestic were liberal and the mar
ket was steady, especially for large young
stock. Larse Hens were firm at an advance,
but poor -and scrubby offerincs continued to
drag at easy rates. Retailers are commencing
to stock up In anticipation of an increased de
mand during the G. A. R. Encampment. _ A car
of Western will be marketed to-day.
Game arrived freely • and . Hare and Rabbits
in good condition ¦ sold promptly at the pre
viously quoted rates.' Doves were easier, 'sup
plies : being K more than sufficient for requlre-
POULTRY— LlvW Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, $1>26®1 60; Goslings,, $1 50®l 75;
Pucks, $3®4 perdosea^for old and $4fiC for
young; Hens,' $465 50; younff- Roosters; $5 6<VQ)
7 60; * old Roosters/; $4. 60©5 ; ; Fryers, :, $4@4. 60:
Poultry and Game.
SEATTLE. Aug. ; 11.— Clearings,. $755,489
balances. $123,887. . (;•• ,- . . ,..'
- TACOMA,^ Aug. 11.— Clearings. $281,736'
balances. $26,050. - -
PORTLAND. Aug. 11.— Clearings, $590,185
balances, $60,705. ,/¦_,¦
SPOKANE. Aug. . 11.— Clearings, • $372,357
balances, $60.434: mkktiRttfaKm£UV&j(% -
Northern Business.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 11—5 p. ta.
Wcatiier Report.
Local securities continued very quiet on the
morning session, with a decline In Hutchlnson
Sugar to $1'- 62'i and an advance in Spring
Valley Water to $S4. . The oil stocks were dull.
Trading was very light in the afternoon, as
will be seen.
The Home Oil Company will- pay a dividend
of 5c, amounting to $5000. on the 20th.
The assessment of $2 per share on liana
Sugar Plantation Company, amounting to $100.
000. was delinquent yesterday. Tee stock
sold at 10c on Monday.
The Puget Sound Iron Company has levied
an assessment of 26c per share, delinquent
September 10.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
paid a dividend of 6c per share yesterday.
A sale of Bank of California "Rights" was
' The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, . delivered tn - Ean Francisco, less 50
per cent, shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8£9c; Cows and Heifers,
DRESSED. MEATS.
- Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows " .
BEEF— 6@7V»c for Steers and 5®6*$c per lb
for Cows. •
vVEAL— Large. 7®Sc; small. 0©0%c per lb.
"MUTTON— Wethers, 8©9cr Ewes. 8ff8%c per
pound. - - - . • ; t
LAMB— Spring. DU^lOc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8V»69Uc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market for Hogs is rather weak than
otherwise, small stock -being especially so.
Large fat Hogs show more steadiness than the
small. Prices remain about as before. There
Is nothing new In the other Meats, supplies of
Beef and Mutton being ample for all current
needs, with no surplus stock. •'"•>
Meat Market.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— The Treasury
Department has purchased 70,000 ounces of
silver for Philippine coinage at an average
price of r.5!ic, delivery to be made at San
Francisco.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sacks. 11.706Feed. sacks ....
Oats, centals . . 5.343
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2100; steady to Be lower; 1 natives, $;» 85©5 30;
cows and heifers. ?l 65@4 60; stockers and
feeders. $2 35@3 85.^ . .
HOGS— Receipts. flSOO; mostly 5c higher
light, $5 35@5 65; medium and heavy, $3-20®
SHEEP— Receipts, 489; active; native lambs
$6 35. ¦•¦¦¦: . , '
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, . Aug. U.T-CATTLE— Receipts
4000. including 350 Texans, 400 Westerns'
steady: good to prime steers. $5@5 JO; poor to
medium, $.1 «O(S4 80; stockers and feeders
$2 6004 25; cows, $15064 50; heifers $2©
4 75; canners, $1 60@2 70; bulls $20120
calves, ?2 5007; Texas fed steers. «3 25® i 60 :
Western steers, $3 6004 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. . 14,000; to-morrow
80.000; left over. 3000; steady to 6c higher'
mixed and butchers. $0 lo@5 77%; good • to
choice heavy, $5 6G®5 75; rough heavy, $."j I5<a
6 60; light, $5 4005 85; bulk of sale*. $5 33«i
6 Ci. . ' ¦ -
SHEEP— Receipts, 24,000; sheep and lambs.
10©15c lower; good to choice wethers. $3 25©
3 75; fair to choice mixed. $3 25^4 25- West
ern sheep. $2 60#3 «0: native lambs, $3 25@G-
Western lambs. $4 6O(g5 65. ¦ *?."•
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Hops rule firm at the slight Improvement in
prices already noted, with dealers reporting
more activity. The condition of the Eastern
and* foreign markets will be seen in the first
column.
Hides are weak at the decline with which
the week opened, the weakness being dui to
declining Eastern markets. .
Wool Is active and firm, and while all de
scriptions are selling well the coarse Wools
are In relatively the best demand at the mo
ment. There is no accumulation of etock.
Prices remain as before.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV&c under quotations. Heavy. Salted
Steers, 10c; 9c; light. 8«; Cow
Hides. 8c for , heavy and 8c for Ilsrht;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 8*£c;
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 16c: dry Kip. 33c;
dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23©30e
each: short wool, 4O-05OC each; medium. 70©
90c: long wool. $101 60 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2 25@2 60 for medium. $2
for small and 60c for Colts; Hor« Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 6O for medium, $igi 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 32Vjc: dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American, 32*6c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium
35c: small. 20c. • •
TALLOW — No. 1- rendered. 4*i£l*;e per Ib-
No. 2. 4@4Hc: grease. 2*4@3c. . .
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs' 09
12c; Foothill. 10®12c: Middle County. 11G13 C
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 18«2Oc; Nevada. 13315c-
Valley Oregon, fine. ISfrlOc: do, medium. 17©
18c: do. coarse, 16®17c per lb.
HOPS — 18©lSe to growers and 18<320c from
dealers to brewers. . . . .,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Cotton futures
epenod steady at art advance- of :', points to
a decline of 1 point. August was notably
firm, nelllng up to 12c, a net advance of lit
points, nnd closing" at 11. 00c, a net j?a7n
of 20 points for the day. whllo September
also came In for much buying and ealned at
the best 20 points. TIir other options in
fluenced by the firmness In the near positions,
Blso ruled firm and at the rlose were at
practically the best prices of the day.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 11.— Cotton, steady
middlings, lt%c.
Eastern Cotton Markets.
NEW YORK. Aug\ 11.— The prevailing sen
timent in Wall street to-day was much more
composed than for many days. The reassur
ing effect of the greater stability or prices es
tablished by yesterday's measures of support
was wen In the encouragement expressed In
various quarters that protection for the markft
against demoralization would be forthcoming
If nctdf-d. There was a frellnsr that the worst
liquidation may be regarded as completed and
that the absorptive power of the market may
be expected to Increase after a period of rc-
Mnance to further decline, the dread of which
is obviously kecking many purchasers out Of
the market. It is believed that then- will b«;
Important absorption of stocks by capitalists
of large means, who pursue the j*>llcy of buy
ing at intervals the stork* of whose value" they
are satisfied. Not so much Importance waa
attached to reports that recent large withdraw
als of savings bank deposits had been for the
purpose of Investment in stocks. This is a
source from which very little is expected In the
way of stock buying as a rule. Some of the
recent withdrawals of pavings have been at
tributed to the demand for llvlnc expenses dur
ing the prevalence of strikes. There was, how
ever, a conspicuous number of email transac
tions, or those In "odd lots," meaning less than
100 ehares. which is the unit form of liquida
tion on the Stock Exchange. This buying m
lots of ten to fifty shares was attributed to
small Investment buying, and was fairly well
distributed among paying stocks. This is a
class of business that stock commission houses
give small heed to in time of ordinary strength
in the market. But the sentimental effect at
present is considerable. Some of the Indus
trials on which the rate of return Is inviting
shared in thi» kind of demand. .When prices
started upward there was pressure developed to
Fell, whicfi was attributed to those who bought
stocks yesterday for purposes of support and
who had no desire to hold them. But the
downward movements failed to awaken the kind
of nervousness that has been witnessed for some
time past and they served to demonstrate the ex
istence of buying orders below the market which
served as a prop. The Increase In the dividend
rate on Canadian Pacific was shown In the
opening rise cf 1*4 In that stack. | n which an
uneasy short Interest exists. " But there was
clearly no present intention to squeeze the
shorts. This was accepted with satisfaction
u it Is feared that anything like the working
of a comer would be as discomfiting to the
market as a decline in prices. The Government
crop report was a favorable factor In general.
The corn carriers themselves were affected by
attempts to market shares on the strength of
ine crop showing. The chances of damage by
frost to a late crop are also held in mind.
There were persistent rumors that the stock
Increase of St. Paul would soon be issued but
there was no official sanction for these reports
Encouraged by the good resistance, the whole
market "turned strong tn the last hour and rose
to the best of the day and closed strong at
about the top level.
There w«re some sharp advances In bonds
late In the flay, but the other Issues . failed to
share in the late recovery. Total sales (par
value). $1,900,000.
United States 6s declined % per cent on the
last call. - • ¦-'¦„•¦
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12*ic per lb for
heavy. K;c for IlKht medium, 15c fpr light,
18%c for extra light, 17«Ac for sugar-cured and
ISVjc for extra eugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 13*4c: California Hams 15iic-
Mess Beef, $11 50@12 per bbl; extra Mesa, $12
Qia 50: Family. $1.1 0«>; prime Mess Pork. $10;
extra clear. $23: Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
1214c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 10c per '»•
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and KXSlOVje for pure; half barrels
pure. 10*£©13c: 10-lb tins. lO^SHc; 6-lb tlnsl
ll*4c; 3-lb tins, lUic.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels. OVjc; one tierce. »%c; two tierces,
»',ic; five tierces, D*4c per lb.
Ix;cal dealers report a fair demand for cured
Me^ts and barreled go<xls at unchanged quota
tloi.i. The <"hl«-aKo mirket continues more or
lrss weak and dragging. The. Chicago letter of
Bolton. De Rnyter & Co. yesterday said: "Mar
ket uncnangeil. Packers are about the enly
buyers and they refuae to sustain prices. Out
side packers are U!ypcs*d to market their stuff.
ljut experience difficulty. In getting storage
room. Receipts of hogs continue large and the
di-mand is i-oor. V»'e see nothing to make
higher prices." .,-,.-
Provisions.
Iron closed at 52s at Glasgow and at 4rts
4>id in Mtd.lleslxSro. Locally iron was quiet
No. 1 foundry Northern at $17 SofJlS; No 2
foundry Northern, at $l«t iVxf?l7; \o. 1 foundry
Shuthorn and No. 1 foundry Southern soft nt
?10 76©17. , ' at
Spelter advancinc 2s M \n London to <' o 0
Tis.waa unchanred in New York at ,?3 75@
5 87Vi. '
Copper advanced Jil on spot in Lontfon,
where lt closfd at £5-S nnd futures were lOsi
higher at £5»;. In New York copper was nuiet
and nominally unchanged. Lake its quoted at
(13013 12*i; electrolytic at X13 and casting
at #13 75.
Lead declined Is 3d In London to JC111, but
was unchanged here at $4 20.
NEW YOH1C. Au?. II.— Spot till broke
pliarply In Ix>ndon, closing about £| lower at
JC127 10s, while futures were ]'_'s «ld lower at
j;i2Tl 15s. locally tin was easy and lower also
6pot closing ut ?28 uo«2S W>.
New York Metal Market.
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 62,000 bushels; afloat
for and tn Europe, decrease, 3.000,000 bushels;
total supply decreased 2.9-IS.00O bushels.
Corn. United States and Canasta, east of
the Rockies, -decrease, (J02.0O0 bushels.
Oats. United Stntes and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase. "S»,CM.H> bushels.
Xi;\V YO1IK. Aug. II.— Special rable and
telegraph ndvli.es to Bradst reefs this week
show the following changes, as compared with
th« last account: ¦
Visible Grain Supply.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
Kcllister — Heavy crop ISartlett pears are be
ing picked.
Willows — Large prune crop; good Rizes.
Hanford — Crops in flrst-clacs condition.
Palermo — Orchardlsts are busy harvesting
Muir peaches.
Llverrr.ore — Beet hauling will begin at Pleas
anton on pentember J.
Coiusa — Pearh drying commenced: grapes
ripening rapidly, large rrop.
Cloverdale — Fruit conditions unchanged.
King City— Farmers storing and holding
grain.
Santa Maria — Calm weather: foggy morn
ings: crop conditions unchanged; apricots about
dried, light crop.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions favorable.
Napa — Foggy mornings; conditions remain
the same.
A. O. McADIE. Section Director.
2 Z _s J: < j
«TAT1ONS. 2% 5 3 §jr f p- 3 - '
s 5 5 2 • ; ; s.
? ?. SJ
. - !« ¦ .
• "k'verdale .... 84 S<t Clear I
Coluta 'JO X'i near 1
Eureka 50 !•»» .... iioudv W S 1
Fresno lirj <;j Clear; W Lt I
Hanford '.C .">7 Clear .... - . . i
Hollistrr 77 47 Clear W .. |
Independence . . *>2 W> . . . . Cloudy S 0 j
King City M 4«> riear
Livermcre S^S f><» .... n«ur ....¦
Los Angeles.... 7s 00 .... flear W, .10
Napa 7<i 47 tHear S ..
Newman V0 M Clear
1'al-Tffiu 09 01 near S
I Porterville !»!> «rj Clear N
I I'.ed Bluff »4 «J2 Clear SE Lt
I liiverside »?'» T* . . .-. Clear
I Sacramento . . . K0 54 . Clear S K
Sran DUgo 72 *Z1 .... Clear NW 10
Pan Francisco. . «M> ZiZ Clear W 14
San Jot-e 78 51 .... Clear
S. L. Obispo. . . 7i> Xm Clear W Lt
Santa Maria ..70 r»(5 Clear ¦ ..
Santa Rosa ... 71 5O .... Clear
Willows 1*2 58 Clear SE
Daily Crop Bulletin
Fcr the twenty-four hour? ending 3 p. m..
120th meridian time, tan Frum-isco, Aug
ust 11:
OLD FT.UIT — Evaporated Apples, 4@5*ic;
sun-dried. .'If7lc: Nectarine*. 4«i5c. for white.
Plums. 4'gCc for pitted and IOlf&c for unplt
ted; Figs. .¦;'-i«i4c for black and -ifyoc for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%^2-Tic for the four
Biie?. with Uftlc premium tor the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1BC2 crop are quoted as rollows:
2-crown loore Muscatels. u0-lb boxes. 5^4c per
lb; .'{-crown. 5%e; 4-crown. <(c; Seedless. loose
Muscatel?, 5c: Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedle«a
Thompsons. 5 Vic; 2-crown London Layers. 2O-
Ib boxes. $1 4'» per box: 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy cluster*. 2t)-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehtsas, 20-Ib boxes, $2 &0; ti-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $:«: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons'. 7*ic: choice. 7'-ic.
NUTS — Walnuts. No.: 1 softshell, 12>4©13c-
No. 2. 10*i«ill*ac; No. 1 hardshejl, U&OlSe;
No. r. loeiouc: new Almonds.* lie for Nonpa
reils. 10'jc for I X L. lo'ic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8Jic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5*870
for Eastern; Pecans, llfil'lc; Cocnanuts, $4 50
Ho.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12'i«l.T-}c for white
and lie for. amber; new water white extracted,
B^iT'k;: light amber extracted. 5i&0Uc; dark.
4*vtf>4-? 4 c.
BEESWAX— -7 fi 2»c per lb.
There is not much if anything new in the
market. The quotations for new Fruit repre
sent the pricea being paid in the few trans
actions thus far made. Growers are firm in
their views, ar.d buyers are not disposed- to
speculate a*, heavily as for a few weeks back,
hence business is not very active. This indis
position to speculate is a good thing for the
market, as it Indicates stabler quotations later
on, based more on the legitimate law of supply
and demand. Selling for future delivery leads
the seller to break the market afterward so
that he can make his deliveries, hence, while
short selling makes an active market at first
off, - it results in a lower market later on.
NEW FRU IT— Apricots, li^fJOe for Royals
nnd 9510c for Moorpark.s; Evaporated Apples,
5U,«iftt..c: Peaches, 4*^«7c for fair to good
stock: Penrs. nominal at 7c.
Dried Fruits ,Nuts, Raisins } Honey.
COAL OIL— Water White Ccal Oil la bulk.
14c; Pearl OH In cases. 2U*4c; Astral. 20*ic;
Star. 20*:c: Extra Star. 24**c; Elaine. 26fec:
Eocene. 23 Me; deodorised Store Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23Hc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. 19*^c: Stt-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases. HT'^c.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon la cases and
67c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. &®
C*.jc per lb; White Lead. 6@tJi*c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44 50(848 for local use and
$43 30 t>er flask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. JHJjlrt:
Bales, common, (1 90; Dairy, per ton. It;". 25:
Half Ground. $12 23@12 73; Rock Salt. $10 50t»
12 23: imitation Liverpool. $13 23<&14; Granu
lated. $13 25<j 11 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Rafming Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100- lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.73c;
Powdered. 5.«5Oc; Candy Granulated. 3.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine, &.5.0c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulat
ed (ICO-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners' A.
F.5Oc; Magnolia A. 6.10c; Extra C. 6c; Golden
C. 4.90c: "D." 4.80c: barrels. 10c more; hai:
barrels. 20c roore; boxes, 50c more; 6O-Ib bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, 6.23c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sixes. $lS0l9c: ex
tra sizes higher: Redwood. $19023; Lath. 4
feet. $3 75: Pickets: *22?I2S; Shingles. $2 33 for
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes, $11 for split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $4C@42.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 11.
Flour, qr sacks. 3.«23|Wool. bales .... 113
Wheat, centals. 1S.32S Feed, sacks .... 23
Barley, centals.. 67,136 Tallow, centals. 215
Oats, centals... 1,150 Pelts, number.. ' ISO
Rye, centals ... 700 Hides, number. 1.04*
Beans, sacks ... 907 Leather, rolls .. 100
Potatoes, sacks. 440 Wine, gallon*,.. 4(X20O
Onions, sacks... 290|Sugar. centals.. • 4<>«
Screenings. sacKs 200| Paper, ream* .. ««
Hops, bales .... 10O!Llme. barrels .. 183
Middlings, sacks 200iPowder. cars .. • .1
Hay, tons. 694 chicory, barrels 50
Straw, tons .... 5-
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2f>B32c: extra
heavy, 30@40c per lb; medium. 27Q29c: light
2l'fi2tio: Rough Leather, 28<£28c: Harness
Leather, heavy. 33<Q39c for No» 1 and 30<sa3c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29^i5c:
Skirting, No. 1, 4C®42c; No. 2. 3iMS3ic; Collar
Leather. 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather, 40®
44c; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 50®«)c per Ib; Calf, finished. C5c8$l per
lb; Wax sides. 16317c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14^1 «<.•; Rough Splits. 8@10o per lb
TANBARK — Ground. $25«2S per ton; stick.
$lUtriS per cord.
OfL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels: cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. 91 10@l 12; Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 501? Me per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 43c; cases. 30c; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— ll%«13%a for strict
ly prime to fancy washed. ll i gai%<i for prime
washed. 10>4@10-14c for pood washed. »%f|ll%c
for good to prime washed peaberry, 8%S9\«e
for good to prime peaberry. 8*i®l0c Xor good
to prime, 7@Sc for fair, 436?ie for. common
to ordinary. Salvador — ll^lSc nominal for
strictly prime washed, 8%@10%o for good to
prime washed. 7%6Sc for fair washed. 8^10%e
for fair to prime washed peaberry, 7T^3SV*c
for good to prime semi-washed. 7H©T%c for
superior unwashed, 7@7*4c for good green un
washed, 7?i©Sc for good to superior unwashed
peaberry. 4©<>c for Inferior to ordinary. Nica
ragua — llVal.ic nominal for prime to fancy
washed. 8@10c nominal for fair to strictly
good wtshed. C»i©7%c for good to superior
unwashed. 7%S8c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican — 13%S14c
nominal for fancy washed, 11913c for prime
to strictly prime washed, 93i©10%c for strictly
good washed. 9<g9%c for good washed. 7%^
8%c for fair washed. «@7Hc for medium, 4$«(c
for inferior to ordinary. 8%'t?10%r for fair to
prime washed peaberry, 7% UHc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry, 7®8c nominal for
good to superior unwashed, 5®7%c for ash
damaged.
CORDAGE— Sisal and Duplex are lower. The
local company quotes as follows. #) days or %
per cent discount for cash; Manila, tlVc; Sisal
lie: Duplex, 10c; Bale Rope. HfllUc Der lb'
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles per itK 4%c :
cases, regular, 5c; cases, extra large 3Wc-
Eastern style. 6c; boneless. 6c; "Norway," «c
"Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Silver King," 7%c'
blocks, "Oriental." 6c; blocks. Seabrlaht. 6%c
tablets. 7c; middles. 7®S%c; boneless. SfflOc :
pickled Cod, bbls. $7 50; pickled Cod. halt bbla.
$4 75^
COAL — Wellington. (3 per ton; New Welling
ton; $S; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $0 60; Beaver
Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7- Cooa Bay
|5 50: Greta. 7: Wallsend. J7; Richmond. $7 30 :
Cumberland. $13 in bulk and $14 25 in sacks-
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump'
$11 5O; Cannel. $S 60 per ton: Coke. $11 ZOiqij
per ton In bulk and $15 In eacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and %$ SO
per ton, according to> brand.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— Cool, foggy
weather prevailed in the cca*t districts. Har
vesting, threshing and hay baling are in prog
ress and will not be completed for some time,
partly otring to scarcity of labor an<J* machin
ery. 'Wheat and barley are bflow average but
generally of rood qualitj-. and hay is li^ht.
Sugar beets, beans and corn are doing well.
Hops are not In very satisfactory condition and
will be late; the yield will probably be bflow
average. Grapes are commencing to ripen in
rome sections: there will be an unu*ually
heavy crop. Nearly all d«r1duous fruits are
yielding Urge crop*, excellent In quality. Fruit
drying, canning and shipping are In progress.
SAN JOAQ.UIN VALLEY— Clear, warm
weather prevailed during the past week, and
was very beneficial to the fruit crop. Large
quantities of fruit are going to the cutting and
•irylng establishments, which are running to
their full capacity, and heavy shipment* of
rr«-en fruit continue to Eastern market*.
Grape* have made fine progTes* end are com
mencing to ripen with prospect* of a large
crop Citrus fruit is making excellent growth,
and the outlook 1* favorable for a large and
early crcp. Honey will be about three-fourthi
of a crop. Grain harvert- is about finished.
and grain Is b«:lng hauled to warehouses. Al
falfa hay Is plentiful. Stock of all klnde ere
heaithv and in good condition.
POUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Weather condi
tions during the week were about normal and
favorable for crops: the fogs In the coa»t
dittricu were beneficial to beets and bean*..
Grain h«rv*-*t is completed In some sections
and progre**lr.r rapidly In others. Wheat, bar-
JeT oats and hay are excellent crops In near
ly" all sections. Sugar beets at Anaheim are
reported light, but there Is a heavy crop In
the Kanta Maria district. The bean crop will
probably be less than usual owing partly to
FmiiUer acreage. Grains at* in excellent con
dition and a heavy crop Is expected Decidu
ous fruita »r« ripening: the yield will be about
•v«ra*e. Citron fruiu are in good condition.
AValnuts have b*en injured by blight and the
crop will be short.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Much *rain cut along
the coast but th» weather is not favorable
for harvert: warm In the interior. Hay baling
is progressing rar.ldJv. Vegetables average the
fame as last year. The fruit crop Is unusually
h *LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— Corn and alfal
fa are making rood growth. Peach nan-eft
it on; Bartlett. pears are ripening.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY — Cool weather pre
vailed during the f.r*t of the week, followed
by high temperature in the latter part. Grain
harvest is nearly completed and the crop is
being shipped and cent to warehouses. The
yield of wheat Is below average in many
places, but the quality is good. A fair crop
of barley has been harveeted. Hops havo im
proved rapidly in the past two weeks, and in
the Wheatland district will be an average
crop: picking will commence on the 12th.
Grapes and fruiu ripened rapidly during the
latter part of the week. Grape picking has
commenced In fijne place*; the ylHd will be
very large. Fruit drying and canning are pro
rressing and lone of the fre*h fruit is being
shipped to Eastern markets. Orange trees are
putting on new growth and the crop looks
well
The oool w..ather fit the beginning of the
w**k »¦*» followed by hiph UmjKTature at
: ;.•- clofe In th«? mteri'-r and niuch winner
¦ "athcr in the coast districts. Foks were fre- !
qoeut around the San Francisco bay and along
l!;e Coast.
Grain harvest Is eomrOeied In a few places
;•. nd progressing rapidly in all other sections, j
•irtun threshing and hay baling are being re
tarded In isuine dietricts by »<-arclty of ma
chinery and labor. The yield of grain is
«. nerally below average in the Sacramento
and fian Joaiuln va!I»ys. but Is the largest
for several years in Southern California. Hops
in the vicinity of WheaUand have made <ie
«-ided improv/njer.t in the last two weely and
• ill be nearly an average crop; In the Sono
ma Valley the crop Is backward and not in
*» good condition; picking will commence in
eome plar*n about the 12lh. Sugar beet har
vest is in progress at Santa I.Iaria and Ana
heim; the yield is reported light at the latter
place and heavy at Sar.ta Maria. The acreage
In bears is less than ucual and the crop will
be txlow average. Corn, potatoes and vege
tables are In pood condition. . ¦
Tiie warm weather was very beneflrlal to
t-au- which are now ripening rapidly and
tolng to market In tmail quantities; prospects
are good for heavy crop* in all sections. All
varieties of deciduous fruits are abundant, and
the season's crop gives promise of being one
of the heaviest known. Walnuts •will be light.
Citrus fruits are In excellent condition In all
section*.
The m-e<-k!y report of A. G. McAdie. sec
ion director of the climate and crop service
if the Wes.thrr Bureau, is as fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
Late mall reports from New York say:
"The market on the Coast continued to show
an ad\-anclng tendency. B}ds were reported
freely made of 17«jl7*tc for choice 1902 Ore
gons and It was stated up to lfce was paid for
them. There was a fair Inquiry from some deal
«¦!-» to contract for 190.J heps, but they met
with little success In making purchases, grow,
ers peneially showing confidence in the future
and were net disposed to contract. According
to latest calculations the rtocic cf 19U2 hops
remaining In first hands en the coast have
been reduced to cot over 70<iO bales. No
rhamrrs in the crop situation on the coast
were reported and latest <stlmates placed the
Oregon crop at 75,000 bales. California at 43,
<«Vi bales and Washington at 83,000 bales, a
total of IK.'**) tales. Crop news from up the
State was u+ni rally favorable. The mark<t
for 19<.!2 ho]>s was firm with light offerings
due to scarcity. No ntw developments were
reported from abroad. Locally tbe market
showed a hardening tendency. reflecting
rtronger advices from primal markets. A
snail trade was made between dealtrs at
y-c for choice Ore£ons."
The Hop Market.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light southerly wind?, changing to brisk west
erly ALEXANDER «. McADIE.
District Forecastf-r.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday, except showers in
the southern portion; warmer; fre>h south
erly winds.
BAGS — The Calcutta market for Grain Bag*
is very firm and slowly advancing and this
market is strong in sympathy. Grain bags. 6&
6*ic; San Quentln. 6.65c; Wool Bags. 32i&£3c;
Fleece Twine. 7%gSc; Cotton Fruit Bags, e*4c.
6%c and 7*4c for the three grades.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit Can
ners' Association announces the following price
lUt for 1903 pack :
m pj tn <a
f g- I 8
FRUITS. p 2. 5 2"
i_!_j__L
Apples Ji 65 Jl 30|l 2011 10
Apricots 1 80 1 20 1 101 1 OO
Blackberries 1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries. R. A 2 15 1 80 1 70 1 4I>
Cherries, white l 75 1 «o 1 C5
Cherries, black 200 17» 1 6O I 3.1
Grapes 133 1 20 110 lfti
Yellow Free Peaches 1 60 1 30 1 15 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches.... 1 75 1 43 1 20 1 N»
Do. «»ced 175 143 120 111)
W hite Heath Peaches. . . 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10
Pears 1 go 1 6O 1 30 1 13
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 05 »S
Raspberries 250 223 2 101100
Strawberrlea 2 00 1 73 1 CO 1 40
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
• Wheat No. 2—
September, old.. 80% 80% ,70% .80%
: September, new S0*i H0% 10% 80
December, new. BOVt &>% 80** 80%
May ' «:% b2% 82*4 *2%
Corn No. 2 —
September 52», 52% 51% . 52*4
December 52 6214 51% 52*4
May 62% 62^, \ 51% 62*,
Oats No. 2—
September 34 *i 34% 34*4 34*4
December 35*>i 36 V 4 8.1V4 36
May :i7U, 38^ 37% 3S
Mess Pork, per bbl —
I September 13 45 13 45 13 35 13 37%
Lard. i>er 100 lbs— '
(September « 07% 8 12% 8 05 8 07%
i October 7 80 7 82% 7 77% 7 77%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I September 8 <K) S 00 7 92% 1 P2Va
October 7 ><5 7 85 7 77% I 80
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was-
I firm; No. 2 spring wheat. 80c; No. 3, 78g81c;
| No. 2 red, 79<a70%c; No. 2 corn, 51T<t@. r >3c; No.
! 2 yellow, 52%c; No. 2 oats. Z5%c; No. 2 white,
33»;c; No. 3 white. 34*4® :57c: No. 2 rye. 51 %c:
' fair to choice malting barley. 47£jf53c; No. 1
; flaxseed. Ulic; No. 1 Northwestern. $1; prime
timothy seed, f.T 40: mess pork, per bbl, fin 25
, <&13 80; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 ft2*i(37 95; short
! ribs sides (loose), $7 95®7 97%; dry ealted
shoulders (boxed), ?7 r>o<fi7 <!2%; short clear
sides (boxed). $8 12*468 23: whisky, basis high
; wines, $1 29; clover, contract grade. $121/12 oO.
' Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels lfi.3«)O <i.70<>
Wheat, bushels 2*J.1.t>N( liT.,7no
Corn, hu«hf-ls< 2*12,000 2r'.,:«H)
Oats, burhcls 530.700 CS.200
Rye, huKhels 5,7«m>
Barley, bushels t>.S<io
On the Produce Kxehanso to-day the butter
market was Arm; crearr.ery. 14frlttc: tialry.
\:\<al~c; eggs, firm at mark, oases Included,
12Ji'iric; cheese, steady to firm, l»)%eil :l 4c.
{''¦.. *¦*.-¦ ¦" —————
LIVERPOOL. ¦
Wheat— Sept Oct. Dec.
Oiw-niriE »> •">'* •> 4t; 6 5M,
Closing 0 5', C4', « 5> t
PARIS.
Wheat— Aur, Nov.-Feb,
Opening 22 ::n 21 55
Closing 'Ji )m gi 5y
Flour —
Opening '. 30 15 U.S SO
Closing ;«) o."» "Js 50
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15@lSc; Porterhouse
Steak. l*£22Hc: Tenderloin Steak. 15@lSc;
eirloln Steak. 12H@l»c; Top Round Steak.
lZ^ic; Beef Ftew, 10c; Corned Beef. S&lOc;
.-¦¦•:;• Booes. 4c; Soup Meat. &@10c
VEAL — Loin Roast. l&ffilOc: Shoulder Roast,
12Vs£i5c; Chops or Cutlets, 15Q'20c; Stew, 12*»
«jX5c.
ML'TTON— Leg. 12V4@15c; Forequarter. 8®
10c; Ftew. SJtlOc; Prime Chcrs. 12**©lSc.
LAMB— Leg, 2<V; Forequarter. l-HtHSr;
Hlndquarter. 16^2Oe; Shoulder Roast, lvtf
12*,r; CboDs. lSQISc.
PORK— Roast. 12H<?lSc: chops. lr.JjlSc.
The*« prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
a« It is impossible to quote nrular prices on
them. *
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail prices for meats are
<;uote3 by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
¦oclatlon:
Independence .29.78 02 M S Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. 39. S»4 7S CO W Clear .00
Mt TamaIpais20.0S CS 46 NW Clear .00
North Head ..3O.<16 RS 64 NW. Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29. 71 P* 80 S\V Clear .00
Pocatello 23. 7S KS 56 NW Clear .00
Portland 29.94 82 5« NW Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 29. M 00 48 SW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29.82 94 62 SE Cleaj< .00
Roseburg 29.02 RS 62 NW Clear .OO
Sacramento ..29.86 86 64 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...29.74 »2 64 N Clear .00
San FraneIsco.29.9S 60 52 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo..2».9S 76 60 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.04 72 «2 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 78 54 W Clear .CO
Spokane 29. RS 84 64 SW Clear .CO
Tatoosh r?ri.(H 5« 4S S Cloudy .00
Walla WaJla.29.KS »0 «4 K Clear .00
Winnemucca .2I».K2 00 6rt SW Clear .OO
Tuma 29.72 102 76 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND. GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has rifea slowly over the coast
north of the Tehachapl. A depression of mod
erate depth continues over Arizona and thun
derstorms are reported at Modena and Flan-
Etaff.
It Is Eomewhat cooler over Nevada and In
the San Joaquln Valley. Elsewhere on the
Pacific Coast there has been but little change.
Forecast made at San Francisco fer thirty
hcurs. ending midnight. August 12:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; light
southerly winds Inland; brisk westerly wln>ls
on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Wheat opened firm on
the Government crop report, which was : con
strued as moderately bullish, and September
was a shade lower to *6@*4e - higher at the
start at 70%©80*4c. Local traders were dis
posed to sell on the small advance, which
resulted In an easier tone, September selling
off to 797i@70%c, but with a strong corn
market prices soon rallied again a:vd Septem
ber advanced to 80%c. Some of the large in
terests that were such persistent sellers yes
terday were again on that side of the mar
ket and on the least show of strength, the
selling pressure became so great that a re
action always followed. During the last hour
the market became quite weak and September
declined to 7(>%c. closing at fiOc— a shade
higher than yesterday's close.
Unseasonably cool weather throughout the
corn belt caused firmness In corn in spite, of
the bearish construction placed upon the crop
report. Opening prices were easier, but a
good demand from prominent bull operators,
who were Influenced by the fears of early
frosts, soon caused a rally and the market
became quite strong. The late weakness in
wheat, however, had a depressing effect, and
all of the early strength was lost, the close
being at about yesterday's figures, with Sep
tember a shade lower at 52%c, after selling
between 61%c and 52%c.
Oats ruled firm, despite the fact that the
Government report was In some respects bear
ish. Local bulls were active buyers of the
distant months and there was little on the
market at any time. After seillnc between
34V«c and SJ'iic, September closed »,4c higher
at 34*4c
Provisions were firm at the etart on buying
by foreigners, but In the absence of specu
lative Interest the market gradually turned
easy. September pork closed 5®7 J ,ic lower.
Lard unchanged and ribs were off 5c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago, Grain Market.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50@65c per box and 75c
©$1 ixt crate; .Muscat, H5cb$l per box or
crate; Fontalnebleau, 30@60c per box or crate:
Tokay, — . — per box; black. t£c@$l per box
or crate: Sweetwater In large open boxes, $1.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 50©
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $101 25; Valenclas.
$1 WC&i; St. Michael, $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 •-W<U :.<>; Lemons, 50c&|2 60; Grape
Fruit. |igi 25; Mexican Limes, <1©4 50; Ba
nanas, per bunch for Central American
and for Hawaiian; Pineapples, fl 5O@2 60
per dozen.
FIGS— $1 25 per box. .
PLUMS— 60©Wc per crate and 40®60c per
box; large open boxes. 6O@75c; to canners, 9*0
©25 per ton. • ....
NECTARINES— Nominal.
APRICOTS — *0@50c for small boxes and 75c
$$1 for large; in bulk. $15@25 per ton.
PEACHES— 25@ 50c for small boxes and 40@
75c for large; baskets from the river, 15@25c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c@$l for email
crates and $1 20{£l 50 for large crates from
Winters and the river; Nutmear Melons. 30®
50C per box or crate; Watermelons, $5&15 per
hundred.
APPLES— Wcfcjl per box for fancy. 60@75c
for good to choice and 25Q40c for common;
Crabapples. 2&&40c for small boxes and 60®65c
for large.
PEARS — Rartletts, S5c(9*l 10 for wrapped:
large open boxes, 75c@$l 2± for No. 1 and 60<®
liOc for No. 2; to canners, $16^35 per ton;
Dearborn Seedlings. 40@50c for large open
boxes.
There were no changes In prices of Citrus
fruit*. The market was bare of Bananas, but
there were 1076 bunches received by steamer
from Honolulu, which were not unloaded up to
a late hour.
STKAWBERRIES — Longworths, nominal;
other varieties. *;ift5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5®7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3*54 per chest.
HUCKLF/aERRIES— «c per lb.
Trading in fruits was ' active and prices of
most descriptions were steady. There was a
good demand for good hard Peaches, wrapped
Bartlett Pears and crated Plums for shipment
on the Portland steamer, and occasional lots
of those description* commanded a premium
over the quotations. Receipts of Pears from
the river were light, and as trashy stock was
well cleaned up. prices were steady for choice
and firmer for . No. 2. Offerings In wrappers
from Martinez were firm at the top quotation.
Peaches In baskets from the river were offer-
Ing freely, but were weak, owing to the abund
ance and low prices of superior . quality offer-
Ings from other sections. Apples were fairly
steady for fancy, but dull for lower grades,
with stocks large and steadily . accumulating.
There were moderate receipts of Flga from
Sonoma and offerings cleaned up promptly. Ap
ricots were firmer under decreased receipts. The
market was overstocked with Melons and prices
ranged lower. Choice offerings of Grapes sold
well for shipping at full figures, but the gen
eral run ' of supplies were poor and sour and
moved slowly in consequence. Seedless were
the most plentiful and the top quotation was
obtained for fine offerings from Hanford. Some
40-lb boxes of the Sweetwater variety arrived
from Martinez and sold at $1 per box. There
was not much demand for Blackberries. Straw
berries or Raspberries, but as receipts were
light prices were maintained. Huckleberries
were firmer and well cleaned up.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The receipt of Potatoes wen? light again and
the market recovered "some of the strength lost
on th»- preceding day. There was a fair in
quiry for fhipplng stock and the local demand
for "fancy offerings continued steady. Buyers
are paying more along the • nver for common
stock than could be obtained In this market,
hence the light receipts. Sweets were steady.
The top quotation was obtained for choice of
ferings from Stockton. Onions were easier,
but moved off well.
Receipts of vegetables, while amnle, were
less liberal than usual and prices of several
descriptions ranged higher. Tomatoes were In
light receipt and prices had a sharp advance,
and the market closed firm at the maximum
quotation. Choice Green Corn was in good
demand and occasional lots sold over the quo
tations, some special brands in sacks selling
up to $2. \ Peas and Beans were steady and
Cucumbers and Summer Squash moved freely
at firmer rates. Green Peppers and Okra were
abundant and continued - weak. . Marrowfat
Squash was offering again and met with ready
"VoTATOES-i-New White, SOcSJl 35. per ctl
in sacks and $1 25®1 75 In boxes, with some
fancy higher; "Early Rose. 75c®$l: Garnet
Chiles fligl 16; Sweet Potatoes. 2ft ©3e per lb.
ONIONB — 70(8*50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. - $l@l 60 per
sack- crates from Alameda, $1 26^82 ; rrom
Berkeley. $125; Green Peas; 3®3fto per lb;
String Beans. 2®3c per lb; Wax, 20tf*4c; Lima
Beans 3@4c per lb; Tomatoes, 60c@$l for large
boxes from the river; Summer Squash. 25«:j5c
per box; Cabbage. 75ci5$l per ctl; Carrots, 75c@
SI per sack; Cucumbers. 40@50c per box ;¦ Gar
lic 2®3c per lb; Green Peppers, 25@40c per
box or sack for*-nlle and -35©50c for Bell;
Green Okra, 50® 65c per box; Egg Plant. 40®60c
per bdx; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per ton.
Potatoes, Oniojfr and Vegetables.
Aside from thi* flrmnpss In Pinks, which
are wanted for tho Southwest, there Is noth-
Ir.g new in B«ans. The recent weakness and
tendency to accept lower prices have disap
peared, however. Seed") are quiet and un
changed.
BEANS — Bayos. $::ijr:i 50; Pea. $:{ 25; But
ters. $3 29i small White. $2 ««:{ 10; large
White, *2 «5®2 90; Pink. $2 8503 10; Red,
?2 OOfa/.T; Lima. $3 25<8:t 50: Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackcye. $2 Co«i2 00 per ctl; Hor^e
Beans.' «l 2."Vftt T,5.
HEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. *1 701*1 >0: Canary.
5(i5Vic for KaMern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
1%S2%6; Timothy. CtWue; Hemp, 3Vi@3V.c
prr lbfMillet. '-i^'iVjc; Broom Corn SeeO. $20®
"'¦> per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0(§2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
BHORTS- S -S34e29 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $2:51124 ppr
ton; Oilcake Meal nt the mill. J2flig2« 50; Job
bing ?27@27 50; Co^-oanut Cake, none here;
Com" Meal. $*» 6OOS4 SO: Cracked Corn. *T!4ffl.J5;
MU€d Feed, $2<1j{24; Horse Beans, $;;0 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. Jllftl." ."0; Wheat and Oat.
(11X912; Oat. $0-912 50; Burlcy, $!Kzll; Clover,
$8 60Q11; Stock. ?SiS9; Alfalfa, J.vftlO 50 per
ton.
STRAW — SCigWc per bale.
Hay is quoted steady one Jay an<l weak the
next, according to receipts, but the general
plane of values remains about the same as for
some days back. The demand in very fair,
and arrivals are ample for all current require
ments.
. Feedstuffs arc as before quoted. Offerings
arc light and the marlt-t rules firm.
BRAN— $24 5C!fi2:> BO per ton.
MIDDLINGS 5 — $27S:H> per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 GVil
4 »5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50#t BO;
Oregon and Washington, ft Wyn\ 20 per bbl
for family and Si 00ft 4 40 for Bakers.
.MILLSTUFFS — Prices tn packages ore as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 .10 per ltn> lb«: Kya
Flour. $.1 20; Kye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal, $;i 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $» G<»; Hcmlny, .«l 2,Vai W>; Buclc*vheat
Flour. $4 iiOfW 73i Cracked Wheat. $;i 7f>; Fa
rina, $» 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $.1 75; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7«?S 00: in sacks. ?u SUiSS 10;
Pearl Barley, .?(>; Split Peas, boxes, $7; <3reen
Peas. ?5 50 per 10O lbs.
TnefV htve been no further price changes in
some diiys The millers report a fair demand
for MUIstuffs and a steady market for Flour.
Flour and Millstuffs.
• RYE — Firm, with Increasing talk of a smaller
crop than expected. Local operators quote
.$1 17*i*jl 2r> ptT ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— J2 2."<g2 50 per ctl.
California large Yellow. $1,57 %@1 x'C^ij; small
round do, $1 7<>*fl 7.'>; White, $1 55; Egyptian,
*1 45(31 50 for White and ?l WQl 45 for
Brown.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates, usual^ Eu
ropean options., are about 15a for large and 16s
@15s 3d for small carriers, the market for this
business being 'quiet. The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 43,684.
against 65,940 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 05,400 tons, against 44,200; o* th«
way to this port, 338.000 tons, against 243,100.
WHEAT — The foreign markets show little
change. Paris futures are lower.
Chicago remained about the same and re- 1
ported the local longs dumping their Wheat.
The Chicago wires of Bolton. de Ruyter &. Co.
said: "Market dull and a shade easier. Spec
ulative options were mainly local and on a
small scale. Kansas City reports an active de
mand for cash Wheat and St. Ix>uis says their
cash market is rather dull. Export demand
still small. Primary receipts continue very
much less than last year, and Southwestern
reports country offerings below expectations.
The Government report indicates a crop of
about 630,000,000 bushels, or about 45,000,000
less than last year.' To produce this result it
estimates an Increase In acreage of six and a
half millions. which is absurd. Either
the acreage was too small* last year or too
great this year. Last year's crop has been
practically -all- consumed. The London Statist
estimates European requirements of 10,000,0uO
bushels per week for the current year, and
says that the consumption of wheat has been
greatly increased. These conditions make us
feel strong en Wheat and we advise its pur
chase on the weak spots."
This market continued weak. Farmers and
other Interior holders are asking about 25c per
ton over the following quotations and the buy
ers In theli turn are holding oft, so business Is
duller than It has been. Futures are lower.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 60; California
White Australian, $1 55@1 60; Northern Club,
$1 45®1 50; Northern Bluu Stem;- $1 5501 57ft;
Oregon Valley, $1 f»2!4.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
V 1 Open. . High. Low. Close.
December $1 40% $1 4C% $1 46*4 |1 «%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 45ft $1 45ft $1 44% $1 44%
BARLEY — There was considerable selling
pressure in the pit yesterday .and futures were
hammered down by the bears. The cash mar
ket sympathized and was a fraction off. Trade
by sample was. quieter at the decline.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05@l 06%; new Shipping and Brew-
Ing, ?1 12%®l"17ft; Chevalier. ?1 20®l 4O- for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 05% $1 05% $1 04 $1 04%
1! n. r.l Session.
Open. " High. Low. Close.
December $1 M% $1 »>«% *1 O4 $1 l«V»
OAlfe — The market Is showing easier symp
toms, though there is no marked decline. Tne
demand fs not as good as it has been.
White. $1 20Q1 ;«); Black, $1 12V-i«n 27*4;
Red, $1 12*461 17% for common and $1 20^
1 27*4 for choice; Gray, ncminul.
CORN — Previous prices rule, with a quiet
market. Offerlng« continue very light, as there
is hardly^any stock here.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — *4 |3ft
Sterling Exchange, sight — * »0U
Sterling Exchange, cables — * 87 J4
New: York Exchange, sight — jfft
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per : ounce — : ', °*>»
Mexican Dollars, nominal — ** '
Exchange and : Bullion.
Wall-street Stocks higher on the day.
Local Securities still quiet and featureless.
Wheat Freights low, with ships offering freely.
Wheat and Barley weak, with the bears hammering futures.
Oats casing off. Corn and Rye very firmly held.
Flour and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans held tcith more steadiness. Seeds continue dull.
A r o further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dried Fruits quiet, with buyers and sellers apart.
Provisions in fair demand here and dragging at Chicago.
Hops selling well at the firmer prices.
Wool active, firm and well cleaned up.
Hides and Tallow weak at the recent decline.
Sisal and Duplex Cordage marked down.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs about as Before.
Potatoes steadier under lighter receipts. Onions easy.
Some kinds of summer Vegetables higher.
Poultry meeting with a good demand. Game arriving freely.
Fresh Fruits in active demand and steady.
V S ref 2s reg.'fUoeftlMex Cent 4.« 70
Do coup 10<;»,i Do lrt ino 1!> '
Do :ts reg lOIUMinn & St L 4s. •?7" 4
Do coup 106ft|M K & T 4s 0(1
Do nt-w 4.« reg.l.'rl , Do 2ds 751,4
Do coup .7. ..-184 N Y Cent b •'{¦••« Uo'--
Do old 4s reg.. 103 N J Cent e r.s...l2<i<i
Do coup 100 .Nor Pac 4h... !if)\
Do 5s r.g icm| Do .'i* 70%
Do coup 101*4 Xor & \V c 4s 86
Atch gen 4s 0S4, [Rfad Gen 4s ... 04 U
Do adjt 4s .... SiTH S L & I M c 5s.lK>'
Balto & Ohio 4»..l«.xi', ! Pt I,ftSF 4g 0»Hi
Do 3 4s 91% 8t L'8 W lHts 02
; Do Com- 4* ...100'-! D o 2ds tU
I Canada So 2d.i ...100 .S A & A P 4s 7;j
I Cent of Ga 5s....10T 'Southern Pao 4s. 84 Vi
¦ Do 1st Inc 71% Southern Ry , r is 112'i
Ches & Ohio 4i 7i ..102Vi Tex & Pac "lst.«i...lir»'
Chi & Alton .'P^s. 7t 1T0I .S L & W 4* 70-^
C B & Q n 4s... 88 Union Pac 4k B9ft
C M & S P g U.tOH^l Do conv 4a ... 02
fhi & N W c 7s.l2f» ?\"aba«h lrts . 1141
' n It I &- P 4?.. m%] Do 2dji 103
ICCCtSl/j 4s. 05 I , Do Deb U 55J1
Chi Term 4s 72 %' West Shore 4s .. 171,
I Colo & So 4* 97%hVhe.e1 & L E 4s 87U
! Krie prior ll<>n 4s. 9*i '/. Wig Cent 4ji Sfti;
I Krio Gen 4s 7«Hr r °n Tob U 75
Ft W & D C 1»ts,!0<> Colo Fuel c Ks 77
Hocking Val 4>A'«.1O4 Rock Inland 4s ...74
U S Rtoel 77^. Pennsylvania »is;
L & N Cni 4s 08 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con H LeadvilU Con 02
Alice 17 Little Chief .. 08
lirooce 15 Ontario .'...6 50
Brunswick Con ... 04 Dpliir 1 <a>
f'oHstook Tiinnc!..0l*>. Savage 25
«'on*C & Va 1 riO Sierra Xcv <x>
Horn Silver 1 Oo Small Hopes ..... 20
Iron Silver 1 70 Standard 2 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND liONDS.
Money— j Mining— pftf.Ji
Call loans ....3 i^4'^ Adventur"e ....... 7>\l
Time loans .. ..4ft<g« lAllouez ...¦ 4?i
Honds — i Amalgamated .... 4(iv..
Atchl*on 4s IW.ijDaly West ?3HH;
I Mex t'ent *s 70' jitingham ... > 21ft 1
Railroads — ¦ i'*altimet & Hecli.42T»
Atchiion MH Centennial ....... 15
Atfh!t=jn >>fd hft?i :Coppfr Ilangc 41 1'
Hostoii & Albany. 244 ilXimlnlan Coal... ni>
>-ioKton &¦ Malnc.'.lflS iVranklin hi-,
li<jpton Klevated..l.i.' |I«le Hoyale «'!
N Y. N H <i H...l»."iV4|Mohawk :;.-,(*
I Kitchburic PM....IX1 jiild. Dominion.... 11".
j Tnlon I'ariflr 7DV]Oac«ola 60G
I Mexican Central.. l3»JPatT0t .., is'
Miscellaneous — :<iuincy '
American Sugar. .1 11 '^jHat-.ta F«» Copper.' 1
Am Sugar pM. . ..1 l*i*4|Tamarack ' SO
Am Tel & Tel 11K»U, Trlmountnin 7!>
I Dom Iron & Steel. SftlTrlnlty 4%
! General Electric. .ltK. irmted States.... l.v£
: Mann Electric 21 i:uh 41 'i
; Mass Elec pfd... 7i»ft Victoria ......... • ;:v
¦ United Fruit 97 Winona ...; / «•¦£
U S Steel 21% Wolverine ...62
U S Steel pfd 60 J • .
.LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. .
Cons for money.. 01 N Y Central...... 122 ft
Cons for account. 91 'A Nor & Western..; *il
Anaconda .". 3% Nor & W jjfd 80
Atchison 67ft Ontario & West.. 20%
Atchison pfd 89 Pennsylvania ...*(>2»4
Bait & Ohio 81% Rand Mines . fl%
Canadian Pacific. 127 ft Heading 24ft
: Chcs & Ohio 20% Reading 1st pfd.. 41
Chgo G Weatn.... 14ft Reading 2d pfd... 33ft
C. M & St P ISOftiHouthern Ry. mil
De Beers 1£% So Ry pfd 81
Den & Rio Or... 22 So Pacific ....... 42%
D & R G pfd 76 Union Pacific..... 71%
Krle 25 Union Puc pfd.... 87U
Erl« 1st pfd 60 US Steel... 22%
Erie 2d pfd 47 U 8 Steel pfd.... 70ft
Illinois Central... 133 . Wabeeh ;...20ft
Loulsvl & Nash.. .102 Wabash pfd ...\. a3i,t
Mo. K & Tex.... 17% ¦•
¦Bar silver, steady, 25 6-lCd per ounce.
Money. 203 per cent. The rate of discount in
the open market for short bills Is 2% per cent,
and for three months bills 2% per cent.
NEW YORK BONDS
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 69.400 6tt% 54% 53%
Atchison pfd 6,000 87»* 84% SttVi
Baltimore & Ohio. 10,000 70% 78ft 79%
Bait & Ohio pfd ... 000 Sttft 8tt 8ti&
Canadian Paclnc ../ 9,»00 125 122 121ft
Cent of New Jersey .... 151
Chesapeake & Ohio. 2,100 29% 29 2V»%
Chicago & Alton.. 500 19% 19*4 19%
Chi & Alton pfd 61ft
Chi & Gt Western. .1,500 14% 14 . 14ft
C & Gt West B pfd 200 27 y 4 27 .27
C & Northwestern' 700 168ft 156% 158M
Chi Term & Trans. 200 10 Oft 10
Chi T & T pfd 400 18ft 18 18%
C O C&St L ex-dlv 600 67 ft 67 67 U
Colo Southern 1,200 12y t 12 12
Colo Sout"h 1st pfd. 800 45% 45ft 4(1
Colo South 2d pfd. 1,600 19 18ft 19
Del & Hudson 700 154 • 151 154
Del, Lack & W 235
D & R G 200 21ft 21ft 21U
D & R G pfd 300 73% 73% 73%
Erie 35,500 25ft -23%' 25
Erie 1st i>fd 500 64% 03% . 04%
Erie 2d pfd 100 47% 47% 47Vi
Gt Northern pfd 165
Hocking Valley ... 100 65% 65% 6fift
Hocking Val pfd... 400 80 79 79ft
Illinois Central .... 000 120 128ft 128%
Iowa Central 200 17 17 17
Iowa Central pfd 37
Kansas City South. 800 19 19 19ft
K C South pfd ... 100 33% 33% 33%
Louisville & Nash. 3,800 101 V» 99ft 101 Vi
Manhattan L 2.800 131 128ft 130ft
Metropolitan St Ry 2,800 112ft 110 111
Minn & St Louis.. 100 50 50 48
Missouri Pacific ... 23,500 89V1 87ft 89
M. K & T 300. 17ft 16% 17ft
M. K & T pfd.... 1,600 38 55ft 37
Nat RR of Mex pfd 800 35 34% 35
N Y Central 4,000 119 117% 118%
Norfolk & Western. 2,400 60ft 68% M)ft
Norf & West pfd 85.
Ontario & West... 7,600 20% 2014 20%
Pennsylvania 21.400 121ft 12014 121ft
P. C, C & St L 100 58% 68% 68%
Reading 62,800 48% 46% 48%
Reading 1st pfd... 100 70% 79% 79ft
Reading 2d pfd , Crtft
Rock Island Co.... 14.300 21% 20}i 21U
I Ropk Island pfd... 000 68% 57ft 58**,
St L & S F 1st pfd :. 68
St L & S F 2d pfd. 2ml 4(1 • 46 ¦ 41 .
St Louis S W 300 13ft 13ft 13
1 St Louis S.W pfd.. 1.000 27 25ft 26%
! St Paul 3.400 136ft 134 Vi 13«Vi
St Paul pfd 500 16S 168 168
Southern Pacific... 19,600 42% 41 42
i Southern Railway.. 600 19& 18% 10V4
j Southern Ry pfd.. 1.700 SO 79 79ft
I Texas & Pacific... 3.200 22ft 21ft 22ft
Tol. St L & West.. 300 18 16 17
; Tol. Pt L & W pfd. 300 20 27 25ft
Union Pacific 52,500 70ft 6S% 70%
1 Union Pacific pfd "... R4
Wahash 700 20ft 10ft 19
Wabash pfd 3.300 32ft 30% 31%
I Wheel & Lake Erie 100 14ft 14*4 14 .
'Wisconsin Central. 2,100 17V; >fi% 17
I Wisconsin Cent pfd 700 36% 35 38
Express Companies —
; Adams .... 221
1 American .... 181
1'nited States OO
Wells Farco 105
Miscellaneous"—
Amal Copper 16.000 40ft 3!)% 40%
, Amer Car & F 100 31 30ft 31 '
Amer C & F pfd 81 *4
Amer Lin Oil 8%
Amer Lin Oil pfd RQi;
Amer Loco .">r>0 .17*4 17 . 10%
Amer Loco pfd '. . . 500 M ft 81 • : 81
Amer Smelt & R.. 100 42 42 -41%
Amer S & R pfd 8S
Amer Supar Ref.. 8.400 1U»; im% inn
Anaconda MIn Co.. 300 <!S'4 (#%' 70 *
Brooklyn Rar> Tran. 0.400 41 '4 39** ' 41
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 4.1 42ft 42
Columbia &• H C. 2<*> 1.1% 13*4 1.1
Consolidated Gas... B.I 00 1»C1>^ 1«5.*>% -ltxsi
Gen Elcc : 3.400 153 152 153
Inter Paper 200 11% 1014 10ft
Inter Paper pfd... 200 Ki% 63% C3%
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pump pnl 74
National Biscuit .. l.^OO :\7> 3» 3I«4
National Lf-ad 200 1.1U, 1 i.Tii i.-Jv,
North American -. 50O 72 * • 71% 72*4
Pacific Mall :;0(> 'J»'!t 20*, 2(1%
People's Gas 1.300 rt2*i 91', 02
Pressed Ptcol Car. 1,300 .T7 35 .".C
Pr^sc-d Steel C pfd 200 7K'-i 7S»? 7S
Pullman I'al Car.. 200 2tsf) :t -; 20!»'; 20*i
Republic Steel ... 1.000 .11*4 10% 10-M
Republic St**-1 pfd. l.SfiO B2 « «il ' (;1 V,
Rubber Goods l.<x>0 14 I3U l.-Ji.'.
Rubber Goods r>fd.. .'HO (>~ fit!'.. (UU.
Tcnn Coil ft lrun. 2.7W ::r, 341, - 3« Vi
U S Leather 2,600 7U 7 7
TT S Leather j.M.. 1,200 75'!', 74 75.VJ
V S Rubber .... U l 3
v p huMht i>r<j ... n-rt '.3s% •'•'-'.; st- -
\- S Stet-J 19.400 21 3 * i'l 21 <n
IT P Steel pf.l lft.WH* tKMi ' *»'-» M%
Western Union ... 1.::<K> !>2 Sl*i Sift
Total shares sold.525,400
DN1TBD RAILROADS OF SAX FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— United RailroadH of
Han Francisco bond transactions. C<X(O at $70.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Everything under this bead remains as before
quoted. Butter is quoted weak or firm, ac
cording as dealers are liberally stocked or the
reverse. Stocks continue unevenly distributed.
Cheese continues in ample supply, with no.out
side orders of any consequence on the market.
Eggs are still stationary, with the demand and
supply about balancing.
Receipts were 20,800 lbs Butter, -890 cases
Eggs and- 11.700 lba Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24<ff25c: dairy. 22^0
23c; store Butter. 17320c; Eastern. 223 — Ue.
CHEESE— New. 12@12&c: Toung America.
I3^s®14^c; Eastern. 15y.©16c; Western. 14®
15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 27^©2Sc for large white se
lected and 25@27c for good to choice; store. IS
©24c; Eastern, 18921c per dozen.
Butter^ Cheese and Eggs.
EVAPORATED APPLES^-The market Is
quiet, but there Is little selling pressure and
prices show steadiness; common are quoted at
4§5^4c; prime at 5%<g6c; choice, 5%@GV4c;
fancy. 6%©7ttc
PRUNES— Continue steady to firm at a fair
Jobbing demand ranging from 8o to lOftc for
choice.
PEACHESAAre moving moderately and rule
steady at 7@7>4c for choice and 8@10Vio for
fancy. , : .
market eased off 'under realizing and closed
partly Ho net lower. May, 87@87 11-lBo,
closed 87c; September. 85 5-16®85%c closed
85% c; December. 85%@85 13- 16c, closed S3%o.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL — Firm. ,
HIDES— Steady. . .- .
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 3-169
3tfc; centrifugal, 06 test, 3 ll-16@3%c; mo
lasses sugar. 2 15-16®3c; rsflned was firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet. The market for coffee fu
tures closed steady net B to 15 points lower.
Sales were 5500 bags, including: September,
3 70® 3 75c; December, 4.30c; May, 4.65c.
r DRIED FRUITS. .'V.
Broilers. $3 60©4 for large and $2 50@3 for
small; Pigeons. |1 SO per dozen for old and
$1 50® 1 75 for Squabs.
OAAIE— Rabbits. $1 25<81 75 per dozen; Hare,
$1 25@1 50; Wild Doves.- 75o per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 11. — Wool, steadj^: medium
grades, combing and clothing, 10}i@20/ic:
light, fine, 16@18 V,a; heavy, fine, ll@15%c.
St. Louis' Wool Market.
BOSTON. Aug. 11.— Price* were very firm
in the wool market this week, although It
has been quiet. Following are the quotations
for leading, descriptions: "
Territory— Idaho, fine. 14@15c; fine, medium.
16%@17ttc; medium. 18020c; Wyoming, fine.
14@15e; fine, medium, 16W@17%e: medium,
lS'/4<3»19c; Utah and Nevada, fine, 15®16c;
fine, medium. 17017&C; medium, 19@20e.
Boston Wool-Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£a> £s» £p»
Auction Sale 120 Horses
. August 1 7,. at ii a. m., at
J. B. HORAN'S STOCKYARD,
Cor. ioth and Bryant Sts.
By order of G, H. MEISS of Montague. Cal.,
I will sell at public auction 120 broken and
unbroken horses; also a carload of fine year-
ling and two-year-old colts.
8. WATK1NS. Auctioneer.
5^* £>fr £>^
1000 HEAD of HORSES and MARES, from
yearlings up to 8-year-olds, weighing from 90O
to 1400 lbs., for sale In carload lots. If not sold
before Aug. 27 they will be sold at public auc-
tion In San Francisco. It will Justify Intending
purchasers to look this stock over before pur-
chasing elsewhere, as there are horses In this
lot suitable for all purposes, all of solid color,
heavy boned and blocky and of good disposition.
This stock Is within one hour's ride from Saa
Francisco and can be seen at any time. For
further particulars apply to MadJgan. CNelll
& Co.. 122 Grove, st.
S. WATKraS. Auctioneer.
fe*
AUCTION SALE of 40 rood horses, Arcad*
Horse Market. 327 -Sixth St., Wednesday, Au-
gust 12. at 11 a. m. Every horse must be as
represented or no sale.
. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SA3^ FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDp ISDAY,; ACTGUST 12, 1903.
12
HKliP WATTED — MALES — Con.
• ¦ -' ¦'¦.'-• MURRAY & READY. " " ~~
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block Ions; 14 clerks employed.
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m.; also noon and evening
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know |No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
"45,000 Men Work. CO.CXjO Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
Frte to-day. Free to alL
Ogden Utah, All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Par*. . Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County. C" 1 '™ 1 Al ?.l rtc ?'
Arizona / Wllllts. Uklah.
And All Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers, chuci;
tenders car' dumpers, teamsters, laborers.
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5. $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands goln*.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY A READY.
y . 634 and 638 Clay st.
GOLD, SILVER.
COPPER. COAL.
2« machine miners, southeast mine. $90.
PS single and double hand miner*. $30, $3-.
$75. .„
80 timber furnace, men, also muckers, $w,
$75, $60 and found.
16 car men for good mines. $45, $G0 found.
COME AND SEE.
268 laborers, no experience wanted, located
everywhere. $75. $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS. OLD QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California, $b0. $73,
$60 and found. COME SEE.
FARMS AND DAIRIES. ¦
30 milkers and butter makers, $40. $35, $30
and found.
180 ranch hands. $45, $30. $20 and found.
THRESHING OUTFITS.
38 men about threshing machines, you 11 do.
$45 and found.
26 hay baler*, located all over. 20c. 2ac ton.
BIG WAGES. GOOD JOBS.
FOR STABLES. 26 men. $60, $70. $.V). $35 fd.
FOR CHORES. 39 men, $35. $30, $20. $15 fd.
Coachmen, jjardeners, private family men,
ehecj> herders.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country. $55 f^und, excep-
tional rood Job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods "mines, etc., $40. $50, $C0 found; come
see. WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all over
California, excavating, mills, factories, grad-
ing, etc., some in San Francisco. $2. $2 50
jay
BOYS. BOYS. >1; BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work in factories.
$5. $(S, $7, $9 week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here, $45 and found.
12 brick wheelers, boss here, $35 and found.
16 brick setters, boss here. $2 50 to *3 day.
2G laborers, brickyard, boss here, $60.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63tt Clay st.
RAILROAD* 8 OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work.
$67 50 month.
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK— COST $1.
186 teamsters and axmen, $75.
186 laborers. $67 60.
1S6 drillers, rock, hammersmen, $70.
LOOK— NOW — TO-DAY FREE.
26 HEADERMEN, TUNNEL, FREE FARE.
ten or
GOING. ARE YOU, TO-DAY? FREE.
25 GROUND LABORERS FOR TELE-
GRAPH COMPANY. STATE OF NEVADA;
STEADY JOB; ALL OVER PACIFIC
COAST; $35. board and lodging.
FACTORY — EXTRA GOOD— $60.
16 laborers; you'll suit; steady Job. near
city; $eo.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company,
free fare. $50 and found.
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers: you'll suit: lumber trust. $.2 50.
2 screw setters. $105; 15 offbearers. $S2 60.
25 laborer*, pile lumber: you'll suit; $S2 50.
16 cr»sscutters for woods, $60 and found.
26 boys for box factory; anybody will do;
$32 60 and found.
TUOLUMNB GOLD MINE REGIONS-
FREE.
65 laborers, anybody will do. R. R. fare
free, $42 and found.
North— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc.. fare
paid $55 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE— $1.
106 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
FREE— OREGON— FREE.
26 woods and mill men, regular Oregon big
'^RUIT PICKING — AS YOU LIKE IT.
65 men. you eat fruit, you can pick fruit, fare
$1. S'X and found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal miners— OREGON— FREE FARE.
WILLITS— UKIAH— FREE FARE.
26 teamsters and laborers, others going —
Are *<»** Y( J V - KiiOVf i FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All, yes. all. divisions.) Laborers,
extra gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANTA BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY A READY.
634-636 Clay at.
MECHANICAL.
READ CAREFULLY.
0 bench hands. $3 50; 6 helpers, bench job,
$60; country Jobs.
16 rough carpenters, fare $3, 6 months' Job,
$75 to $90.
12 plain carpenters. 60c fare, steady Job, $90.
/ BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. *9O up.
ELECTRICIAN FOR MINE. $90.
16 coopers, lie barrel; 2 carriage makers, $4.
8 brick molders. ?3 60.
6 machinists. Assayer for mine. $6 day.
Sandstone quarryman. $3 day up; stonema-
son, country. $6O found.
BUTCHERS.
6 all-round butchers. $40, $60. $70 found.
3 experienced factory butchers, across bay,
$3 day.
3 helpers, slaughter-house work, fare $1. $30
and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE^ — FARE — FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
Stickermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers. trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jack scr-wers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Saw "filers.
Pond men, band sawyers, carriage do«ers.
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also Jointers, chute build-
ers, $40. 550. $60. $70. $80. $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
3S6 woodchoppers, tiemakcrs, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY A READY.
TRUSTS. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office;
sec them.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63G Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cooks, all over California. $00. $80. $75
$60, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker. $10; porter, city store. *M); second
cook. mine. $40; also waiter, $30; steward,
$50- and found. . ,
! 18 waiters. $35, $40, $30 and found.
30 pot and dish i> as hers. $35. $30, $20 and fd
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers $30 to $15 and found.
6 butchers. $40. $50. $60. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes, $18 week up
" 6 bakers' helpers. $55. $40. $30 and found
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor dally
containing 10,000 positions; get one.
MURRAY A. READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
MAIL, PBONE AND TELEGRAPH
Blacksmith. fare. $3 day.
Cook, threshing outfit. 20 men. $12 week fd '
Baker, city Institution. $40 and found
Porter, city saloon. $12 week; 3 bellboys
v.$i5 and $20 and found. oeuooys.
Cook, ranch, fare $1. $50 fd.. extra good Job.
3 farm hands, hop yard, fare $1. $J2 50 fd
BANKING SYNDICATO
26 fruit pickers and handy men. fare $1.
Laundryman. fare paid, north; 6 bed makers
3 porters. $30 and found. Wl
Boy for millionaire's residence $15 found
4 laborers, factory. 10c fare $2 day
Butcher, shop, fare 25c • $40 found
3 carpenters, fare 60c $3 S2y
SPECIAL. / *^ ° y
12 men, warehouse work, fare SI 13 day
EXTRA SPECIAL, CITY.
12 laborers, city Job. 40c hour $3 60 day ,
12 laborers. Oakland $45 found
2 camp blacksmiths, camps $50 found'
Boy, drive derrick fork, 50c fare $25 found
•AX FRAKCISCO CALL. J
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco!
2r11. corner Market 'and Third streets; open
ictil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
torner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
1841 Mission etreet; or-efl. until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market Etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cr.'il 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Norlhwert corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. tn.
2200 Fillmore street; open until V P- m.
MEETING NOTICES. ~r
ISLAM Temple. A. A. O. N. M.
8. — Stated session THIS <WE1> fctT ,»
NESDAY) EVENING. August VfS?V
12. at 7:30 o'clock.. By order f f^^A
of the Potentate. I// Til
J. W. ANDERSON. Ul //
Recorder. *^
CALIFORNIA Lodce of Perfection. No. m j
10 A. and A. S. R.. ?£.*» Sutter (I.-,VV
Called meeting THIS (WEPNK.-DAI ) /V\
EVENING at K o'clock. Fourth \*f-
ftrf. All brethren of the R!t# cordially in-
vited. By order of the Wn«rable Maet'r.
CHARLES JELL1XEK. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. W, F. «n4 ffi^
A M.— Called meeting THIS IWEU-VV
NESDAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
CJtOCKETT Lodre. No. 13^F. and A. fi
M.— First Degree THIS YlVEDNES- VSf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V>
order of W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. B«CTtM7.~^
EXCELSIOR Lodge. No. 166, F. and A. ,fi^
M.— Firs t Decree THIS (WEDNES- VV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /VA
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. -^
MISSION Lodge, No. 169, F. and A. M. «
—Called rneettng THIS (WEDXES-VV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First T>egree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. I. oj25E^*.
r. o F.— In'.tiatlon WEDNES-
HAT EVENING. August 12. Vis- --I&S^^F
itors cordially Invited. "l*^
C.rSTAVE A. HUEBNER. N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEAR Y. Recording Sec'y.
B. F. BRICKLAYERS' I. U.. No. 7. of fl
<'alifornia— Special meeting THIS \\
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING. P.usi- jTj^
nrrt of great importance. By order
E. L. NOLAN. President. **"?>>
CHARLKP WAGNER. ta
Recording Secretary- tj
TO the officers and members of Locals />«-. I
222 and 230. I. L. M. and T. Assocla- <£&&. I
tion — You are hereby notified to attend the j
5"lnt meeting of above locals to be held at J
Turk-et Temple 117 Turk St.. on WEDNES- j
DAT EVENING August 12. at 7 o'clock.
By order of JOS. DE MALDER.
Chairman Joint Committee.
L E niCHARDSON Sec. for Local 222.
HENRY JEND. Rec. Sec. Local 230.
AGEXT* WASTED.
WANTED — 2 cr 3 housa to house canvassers;
good position for first-cls.w men. Apply at
1114 Washington et.. Oakland, bet. S and 12
a. tn.. re err. 3.
ATABTMEgTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Hine et.. between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
S30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
niehetf 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room wita bay-window and clonet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also includes janitor ser- (
vice ntght and day and night and day ele- I
vatcr «ervic«; only ten minutes' walk from j
Pouell and Market; see these apartments ,
to-day.
THE VON NYDACK, 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartments cf 4 rooms and bath each. In-
cluding free Janltcr and elevator kervlce;
hot tr.i cold water throughout: rteam heat;
ocean water for baths; electricity; a roof
Kur£en and house system of phones: sunny
and modern. For term* apply on premises
cr to SPCCK & CO.. €67 Market st.
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
TtOBT. XT. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. €11; all cases, damages, estates wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free, no advance charges; call or Ti-rite;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance: open every even-
1ng. J^M. THURSTON. S13 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a rpecialty .-quick. quiet;
no charge without success; established 15 vrs
G. W. HOWE. U22 Market St.. opp. Hale's. i
ADVICE free, all cases. It. C. ADAMS, room
31 G. third floor. Examiner building.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar.
ket Ft. ; consultation free; no fees in cdvance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys rs 303-10-H
Clunle bids.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727. t
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG taJklng parrots. $5 each:German singing
canaries. (2; we will try to please you;ever>'-
ttatng in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BOARDING FOR CHILL.KEX.
A LADY would like to board some children.
KiO Folsom tt.
_^ BOOKS. ~~
A MISSING MANT-TcRIpl : IlT*rrunroT'thrM
hundred dollars will be paid for accurate in-
formation indicating the present wherea-
bouts fwlth permission to copy the same) of
the MS work, written by the Reverend
LEWIS P.OU. entitled: '•Critical Remarks
Upon the - Letter to the Craftsman on the
Game of Chess." being a closely written,
thin, email quarto of 24 pages, beginning
with a dedicatory letter: "To His Excel-
lency, William Coeby. Esq., Captain General
and Ccmmander-in-Chief in and over the
Province* of New York and New Jersey."
At the end of this dedicatory epistle is the
date: "New York, ye 13th, of ' Decemb
3734," which date is virtually repeated at
the end of the MS. This unpublished tract
was. during 1858-9. for a while In the pos-
eetsion cf the late Dr. George H. Moore then
librarian of the New York Historical Soci-
ety, to whom it had been lent by the now un-
known owner. Information concerning it may-
be sent to The Librarian of Cornell Univer-
sity. Ithaca. New York.
BU5IKESS CHA.VCES.
ARE you trying to sell your business? Well
See H. W. WILFORD. .
Business Agent.
3 Taylor tt., cor. Golden Gate ave.
A— BUNCH OF BARGAINS AT WILFORD'S
Saloon on Turk st.. near Taylor $2000
Swell ealoon on Battery st. wholesale
<Sistrict v $1250
Salocn en Mission et.; manufacturing
«»«r!« $1500
Notion store on Fourth st $50<>
Barber shop and cigar store out of cIty.$]S50
Barber ehep; on Third st $32."
3 cigar 6tores on Fourth st. ..$100 and $.'150
Cigar 6tores; on Mission st $750
«40 per day restaurant on Fourth st. . $000
A hotel on Sutter St.; 43 rooms; with all
the modern improvements; clears over $300
per month; elaborate fixtures: rent reasona-
ble: 6ecune lease; to be sacrificed for S6300
at WILFORD'S. 3 Taylor st. **™.
¦WANTED — By a firm manufacturing linen
goods and carryimr stock in New York, a
commission agent residing in San Francisco
mho would sell the Pacific Coast and east to
Denver; must have knowledge of linens and
have good references; person having already
a white goods account preferred. Apply, giv-
ing particulars, box 4C93, Call office.
A — IF you have a lodging-house, restaurant
cigar store, saloon or any kind of business
for sale we can sell It for oash. National
Business Exchange. 1016 Market *t.
A— $200: CIGAR store; good trade and mak-
ing money; ttoek will Invoice $150: rent $15
[National Business Exchange. 1016 Market st.
OR PALE — $2 down and $3 a month for IS
months buys 5 acres rich, undeveloped xlnc
and lead land in very heart of Missouri dis-
trict: no difference where you live. Invest-
ment in this land will make taoney; send for
circulars, learn why. Address TV. B EAY-
LEB. Carthage. Mo.
$550 — COR. grocery and bar; S living rooms,
fruit «tores from $100 up.
Two cigar stores at $700 and $900.
Office business fcr sale cheap.
OCCIDENTAL REALTY CO.. 318 Kearny st.
FOR tale^ — Good paying dentists' business;
town 2500; Inquire promptly; may refer to
Dr. F. G. Balrd, secty. State Board Dental
Examiner*. 602 Butter st.
RESTAURANT; seating 62; snap; no Sunday
work; departure. 669 Fourth st.
FOR sale — A few shares of Pacific States Tele-
phone stock. Box 3305. Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale. Box 3308. Call office.
Heirfiresslnr parlcrs;cheap;valae In sight; gtv*d
location; retiring. 1L"»3 Market, bet. 7th-gth.
$1550— LARGE, rood-paying restaurant; long
estab.; near water front. Box 3328, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale In country town. '
Address box 80S, Call office, Oakland.
Itl'StXKSS CHAXCK!< Contlnned.
A $S00; SALOON, with 10 furnished rooms;
place surrounded by breweries and malt-
houses: rent $40; a good business, but dis-
agreement of three partners is cause of sale;
lease. Call R. G WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A^$1256- CORNER ealoon In wholesale dis-
trict; estab. many years, and known as a
first-class, paying business. See R. _G.
V, I LKE. 26% Kearny st.
a— t-TS- RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Post st ; rent $30; average dally receipts,
$1S; a bargain. H.- G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
FOH lile— Upbolitering and carpet cleaning
busings; good trade; pickness cause of sell-
ing. Box 3.TC7. Call office.
FOR s*le -Saloon stock and fixtures. 117
« f lty Hall ave.
$6OO— SALOON; between Fifth and Sixth. How-
ard ar.d Market sts.: long lease. 921 Howard.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale,
inquire hardware store. 10th and Folsom sts.
LODG1.\G-HOL ; SES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house fcr men; rent $140 $4000
TS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms: corner: part cash; bal. eaiy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent 120 350;
21 rooms; water front; rent $*0; iease. «50 ,
1J0 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 nrs. ; aj>artmfents;Western Adci; rent. 250
Mcney loaned at 1 per cent*
Hotels, rcadhouses. flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
s EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kesrny St.
'. gPIHITPALISM.
Mrs J. J. Whitney trance clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk
St.. room 2. first floor (Hotel Reglna).
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance
Wednesday evg; also Thursday. 2 p. m. ; 50c.
; 1115 Poet st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday •ventng.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MME. SWANSON, spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth Et.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readlnjs daily.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
'• CLAIRVOYANTS^
~^Z- CALiTaT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 *1 $1 ?1 $1 *1 «1 »*
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to .
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name, j
occu].atlon and what you called for; I promist
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
1-eart is true or false: to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
>ourse!f. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful .arfd prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi- J
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a m. to .
8 p.m.: Sundays 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell St.. .J2H.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 TWrd et.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble, dis- j
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do- |
mestlc 1o\> or business troubles, consult this I
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affair*
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
CASHMIRE,
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vises on love, law, business, speculation and In-
vestments; as a test in the readings she will
tell your full name, address and occupation:
she reunites the separated, causes a epeedy and
happy marriage with the one you love; in fact,
she advises on all troubles pertaining to hu-
man nature; locates hidden treasures and
mines. 1007% Market et.. bet. Cth and 7th.
IbMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by tnai! as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't fend currency. Sind postoffice,
W^lls-Fargo mcney order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade". born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies. f>Oc: gr-nts, $1; by carCs. palmistry
and clairvoyant bitting; $1 SO. 126 Turk St.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist. clalrvoyant,-|
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for !
a short time only; when others fail try me to j
convince ycurself. 402 Franklin. n«ar Grove. ;
MISS D. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant, j
palmist; tells life cradle to grave; fiOc. by j
mail or person. 217 Eddy st. room 9. j
A — Mm*. Ravenna reads life, business advice; j
names given: 25c up. 5 4th st , near Mtincet. '
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 55 Third st.;
ladies, 50c; cents. $1; hrs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
; MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant cart reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 44'-% Jessie st. bet. 5th and flth. I
CARPET-BEAT13G A.\D CLEA.M.XG. I
A1H. compressed, dry, ice cold, la now univer-
sally Ub«-d in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
f.ccr. without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call b!g. ; phone Main 52:17.
WHEN ycu become di5gust«-d with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrks. 3S5-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40. 1
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen, j
proprietor. 329 Guerrero «.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
rr>sttre«»s made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
Al'V-A.NCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384. OEO WAI>~OM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunions, etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 916 Market:
tel. Red 618; collations: gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5*>S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE for the rent— $12 50 per month. 5
r. A b. ; en Nevada ave.
$20 per moath. 5 r. & b.. 1245 Sanchez st.
$20 per month, 5 r. & b.. on 26th st. with
a, small payment down. Your friends.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
CAPP. 1078. near Twenty-sixth — Sunny cot-
tage, 3room^yard^$8.
FOR RENT — Cottage of o rooms. $15 .per
month. 2704 Polk st.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $."150; fillings, 5Cc;
plates, J.v.full »et: all work painters and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2t Sixth st.
GOLD filling. $1: silver. 50c; crowns. $2. Elite
Dental Inst.. 838 Market: open evenings.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Push —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD filltngs. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Punday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentist*. 069 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DUESSMAK.EKS <k SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEISG AH D CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the ' Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALD WELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall term
begins Sept. 7; day A evening class; beautiful
Dew catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123(1 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free. .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, '
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; I II us. catalogue free,
AYRES. the It -ding business college, 723 Mar.
ket et. ; special summer course tn all depart-
ment*' handsome catalogue free; life scholar*
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electrlclty.24 Poet
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue frea.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpstc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 340 Golden Gate. ,
HBT.P W4XTKD MALE— Cow.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Section hands, coast line and all parts of
- California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE — FREE FARE.
50 section men. $1 6l> and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
m) teamsters and rockmen, $2 00 day.
GO laborers and axmen, $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE — OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
<i woodchoppers, Si 5Q cord. .
5 miners, single hand' $3 day.
5 muckers, $2 50 day. ' ¦
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
11 tunnelman, ?2 75 a day.
11 teamsters and muckers. S2 25 a day
11 laborers, 52 a day.
CASPAR— MENDOCINO COUNTY.
2 lumber pliers, near city, $35 and board.
_CAL. EMP. AGENCY, B0 Third st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st.~Butler!
country. $40; second butler. $50; man to tend
to small garden. $20; assistant gardener $.10;
teamster for nursery. $2 or $2 25 a day
teamster. • vineyard, $30 and found; laborers
for road work, private park. $20 and found,
steady; silverman. $30; pantryman. $20;
kitchen fireman. $30; waffleman hotel, $30-
several waiters, $30 to $40: bedmakers. $20.
$25 and $35; night clerk, $35. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
C £f f 'w $1 .?° : P astr y cook - *75; pantryman.
$50; broiler, $50; head waiter. $75.
PICK HOPS— Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only. In-
stead of August 25. as previously advertised;
call immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay: beautiful camps: plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery st.. S. F. /
WANTED— Master molder. $5 70 per diem; an
examination will be held at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island. Cal.. August 28. 1903. to fill the
above position. For application and further
information address "Commandant, Navy
Mare Island. Cal.
WANTED — Young man about 18, who lives at
home, to fill a position a« clerk in a juvenile
furnlfhlng goods department. Apply to S.
N. WOOD A CO.. 740 Market st.^
A GOOD underpresser on vests; a steady po-
sltion to an experienced person; also a young
man to learn underpresslnc. Apply S. N
WOOD CO.. '37 Geary st.
WANTED— Man who has had experience in
pressing ladies' tailor-made cloaks and suits
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.* •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms: 25c per night.
WANTED — Wagon boys. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS".
WANTED— Two experienced clerks in an ac-
countlng office; good salary to competent
men. Address, giving references and full
particulars, box 3322, Call office. *
WANTED— Boy over 16 years of age residing
with parents to run elevator; wages $2t) per
month: references required. Address W. J '
box 3330. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14. giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
Colleee, Oakland. Cal.
BARBER shop: 2 chairs; 4 living rooms at-
tached; old stand; no opposition; can be
bought cheap. Full particulars STOLTZ 723
Market st. - ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 GO, or orthopedic
shoes, $3 DO; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
gt.. Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Youths for wrapping counter;
those with some experience preferred. Apply
Superintendent'!! Office. The Emporium.
BOY wanted— Apply after 9 a. m. to CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.. at
the Stevenaon-st. entrance.
WANTED — An active young man In a whole-
sale wine business; must have some expe-
rience In bottling. Address box 3320. Call.
WANTED— Young man with some capital To
start into store business. E. L., box •4676,
Call office.
CAPABLE and experienced teacher bookkeep-
ing and penmanship; must be good penman.
California Business College. 305 Larkln st.
WANTED— A first-class all-round unholsterer.
t Apply Wakefleld Mfg. Co., 461 and 463 Fourth
St.. Oakland.
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday evening. Satur-
day and Sunday. 515 Hayes st.
BARBER with about 2 years' experience/ for
10c shop. 623 Clay st. /
BARBER who has had about 1 year's 'expe-
rience. 4073 Eighteenth st.. near Castro.
WANTED — Blacksmith's helper on wagon work
and horseshoeing. 437 Francisco st.
WANTED — First-class wire and iron grill
worker. 751 Mission St. .
MAN wanted to work in kitchen. 16 market
st. ; call early.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkln. " %
WANTED — Man to wash dishes in small res-
taurant. Inquire 52 Eighth st.. city.
GOOD second cook, boarding-ftouse. 1534 Ken-
tucky at.
YOUNG man for butcher wagon; must be good
meat cutter. 1004 Hyde.
YOUNG man experienced In figuring factory
cost as assistant bookkeeper. Address, In
own handwriting, giving city references, box
3314, Call office.
WANTED — A first-class coat and pants maker
at the Presidio Post Exchange; military
workers preferred; first-class wages and
free shop..
YOUNG man or girl as stenographer and type-
writer: one with knowledge of bookkeeping
preferred; . for wholesale house.- Box 4697,
Call office. -- •
BO*'. 10 to IS years old. to learn grocery bust,
ness; wages $6 week to begin; no bar. Ad-
dress box 3318. Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
• Apply room #4, 26 Montgomery st., San Fran-
claco Construction Co. t ¦
A CHANCE for a Christian man to start with
the real estate business in the country. - Box
4694. Call office. . ¦ . ¦
WANTED — First-class body makers on car-
riage work/ Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co.. Lcei
Angeles, Cal.
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third -St., Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Office assistant willing to work 12
hours a day and Sundays. Box 3317, Call.
BOY or girl to strip tohacco. ¦ Apply at 431
Montgomery st. M. CLARK.
WANTED— Good clothing man. Box 3303. Call
¦ office.' . ¦
PORTER wanted in oyster house. 463 Seventh
St.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted at 152
East st. : ¦ call early. \
WANTED— Jewelers, at 17 Lick place. Lick
' -House. /.'_¦• ¦ r ¦ . 1"
1-CHAIR barber outfit for. sale cheap. 303%
Broderlck st.. near Oak.
BARBER shop; four living rooms; carpeted;
old establishment. 229 Hayes st.
BARBERS— 2-chaIr -'shop and /living rooms;
:, snap this week. 2308 Howard street. «
COATMAKER for country.: REISS BROS. *
CO., 24 Sutter st.
HELP TVAXTE1J — FEMALE^-C«»-
AT C. R. HANSEn"&"c6.'S.. Hello. Grant 183.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. _
5 waitresses, new commercial hotel. clty..$oU
Chambermaid, rooming-house, city.. $8 we«
10 chambermaids, flrat-class hotel, city... $20
German or Scandinavian chambermaid, coun-
try ¦ $20
Chambermaid, first-class country hotel.. ..$20
Pantry girl, springs, steady year around, fare
paid !*'
' Pantry girl, city, choice place |£J
2 waitresses, new hotel, city ¦''"ftn
Cook, hotel, clt>4. ... • • • •$«»0
"Woman for scrubbing, institution .525
' Pastry cook, city *"•*
2 waitresses. Santa Cruz, steady place $-5
Waitress, small hotel, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, private boarding-house, city $J5
Mangle girl, hotel, city *;*Jf
Chambermaid, country hotel »;¦*
Walter and waitress, country hotel $.j0
Cashier, restaurant, city *2o
Girl to answer telephones, hotel, city $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
House girl, middle aged couple, country, very
choice p>ce. $25; house girl, another middle-
aged couple, short distance, $23; cooks, house
girls, second girls, nurse girls, city and coun-
try. $15-$30. C. R. HAXSEN A CO., 429
Bush st. .
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING:
6TEADT EMPLOYMENT:. EXPERIENCB
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
• AMES 4 HARRI8.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
GIRLS ABOUT 18 YEARS. TO RIVET
OVERALLS.
STEADY WORK. PAID SALARY.
- LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT ST.
MR. DAVIS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Branaan
*t.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAU3S A CO.'d
FACTORIES 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only, in-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps: plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Batten- St.. S. F.
WANTED — Woman who has had expefience tn
» taking care of children, to take charge of a
baby about a year old; this is a good place
for some tne who appreciates a good home;
state" age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3.U5. Call office.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. school only. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
WANTED— First-class manicure and hair-
dresser for outside of city: none need apply
but experts. Call at St. Nicholas Hotel Frl-
day at 2 p. m.
WANTED — Young lady to fill mall orders and
take charge of wrapping desk. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
downstairs work; also girl for second work.
* Call bet. 9 and 3. 2101 Pacific ave.
EXPERIENCED candy girl for Blum's con-
fectionery. Call to-day from 9 to 1. cor.
Polk and Sutter. ¦ *
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced trimmer,
capable managing workroom; city experience.
Apply box 3323. Call office.
"WANTED— A girl in a physician's office; state
age and extent of education. Address box
3329, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS helper in a delicacy kitchen; no
Sunday work. 408 A McAllister st.
WANTED— Girl for bookkeeping and typewrit-
ing. Breuss' Cafe, 70 Third st.
GIRL for plain cooking and assist In house-
work. 1444 O'Farrell st.. upper flat.
WANTED— Young girl for housework. 016%
. O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on vesta.
230% Ninth st.. opposite Clementina. »
PANTS finishers wanted at 27 Geary St.; union
wages. .
GERMAN or Swedish girl for housework. 1617
Page st. /
GIRL to assist housework; four adults. 2073,
Bush ft.'
WANTED— Operators on women's and chil-
dren's hand-made worsted skirts. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
EXPERIENCED hands on silk waists: steady
work and good pay. Konlgsteln. 28 First st.
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 50 Columbian building.
WANTED— Fitters stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main st.
MANGLE and Inexperienced hands at CAS-
CADE LAUNDRY/175 Tenth et.. city.
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs. ,
WANTED— 20 experienced cherry pitters.
FLE1SCHMANN A CO.. 503 Front st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply " at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
GIRL to help to wait on table from 11 to 2.
515 Valencia street. ; •
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; >7 per week. 1071 Market st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1907
Lyon st.; good wages. ¦• • ¦
WANTED— Women to work in cannery. Apply
Webster st.. near McAllister. '
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
¦ 5% Kearny st., room . 17. top .floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore si
HELP WANTEP--MALE. :^
FIRST-CLASS house ': painter, inside work;
stableman for country $35 and found; sta-
,bleman and driver for company. $50; cnore-
. man private place; farmer, $30 -and found;
2 farmers and wives $40 and $50 and found:
man and wife to care for place. $50; milker,
. Santa Barbara County; 2 sheep herders. $30
and found; miners, quarry men. ; laborers
woodchoppers and many ' others _at good
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. .-¦•).
COOK and wife for Institution. $50 and found:
2 boarding-house -. waiters, $25;^ bellboy. $15
and found; night pot washer. $30; dishwash-
ers and others J^F. CROSETT, & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. . . ¦
WANTED— Four men to carry boycott "ban-
ners. Apply room 208 Emma Spreckels bldg.,
¦ 927 Market st... at 8 o'clock. '
TRY our men's shoes.. union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. U Third st. Examiner bldg.
EDUCATIONAL— ConttnnfJ. _'_¦_
CALIFORNIA Busln*** Collega, S05 Larkln «t.
"A thorough school": positions secured, for
graduates: modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. .
ENGINEERING — Civil, dec., mln.. mech..sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1884. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F.;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday even-Ings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT Klngsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 184 Halght St.. sear Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION . .'. . . . Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine at.... Night class
srANISH Academy — Professor Arrlbas ; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrlting.
etc.: day or eve.; $B mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 .Flllmore.
ESirLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
! A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRANp Japanese-Chinese Emp. Ofllce. 419
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Semis's. 411 y, O'Farrell: tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Jnpanese-Clilnese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
B31PLO VMEXT WANTBiD — KEMALK.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day or
take work home; quite reasonable. 18 Frank-
lin Et. .
SITUATION wanted by a woman to do general
housework in a small family; wages moder-
ate. Apply 214 Fifth St.. near Howard.
A COMPETENT girl wants a place: general
housework: is a good cook; American family;
wages >20-$25. 332 Hyde.
WANTED — A position to nurse an invalid;
massage treatment. Apply 34 Clyde st.
YOUNG girl wants position as second girl;
speaks German; neat sewer; some knowledge
of hainirc.-.slns; city or country. Box 4679,
Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like situation to do.
general housework In a small family. 714
North Point St.. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth.
STEADY and reliable woman wishes second
work and waiting at table in private fam-
ily. Apply 431 Eddy st^
GOOD cook wants work or will do second work.
456 Sixth 'et.. room 36.
JAPANESE eirl. Just arrived, wants employ-
ment in small family. Address 1225 Fulton
St., rear.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
KM1-LUY MK VI* WANTED MALIC.
EXPERT gas engine man and all around ma-
chinist wants position; also being good sales-
man can represent you satisfactorily here, but
prefer Mexico; references and Dun's ratings;
no bad habits. Box J007, Call office.
A GOOD barber, elderly man. sober and steady,
would like situation Int the country or city.
Address WILLIAM WALTHERS, 1925 Polk
St.. San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted — Middle-aged man; stew-
ard, cook, or general house and outside work;
email country club or family; suburban lo-
cality. Address box 4B7B, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate worker; good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Box 8(»S, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man 23 years old, experienced in office
work, desires position; best references. Box
3326. Call office. :
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes position
u'.i private place; care of horses, cows, etc.;
capable. Box 4b74, Call office.
ENGINEER — Flrst-cless stationary steam en-
gineer, also is a first-class electrician, de-
sires a situation in city or country: has all
tools; first-class references; married; speaks
Lngllsh. German and Spanish. Box 4908,
Call ornce.
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
more sets of books to keep; afternoon or
evening; competent to straighten out anyTlass
of accounts; city reference; terms reasonable.
Box 4K96. Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants to deliver goods
fur a store; will furnish good horse; work 7
hours a day, Saturday 12, for $12 a week;
bond if required. Address box 4677. Call,
BRIGHT, energetic, strictly first-class young
man desires to represent reliable firm as col-
lector ur solicitor; speaks English and
Swedish. Address box &09. Call. Oakland.
WANTED— Work In Christian family, night
and morning, for board and room, with time
for study. Box 331«S, Call office.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man, wants work;
small jobs and contracts taken. Address
Painter, 1121 Webster st.. city.
FIRST-CLASS office man and collector wants
position. Box 3313. Call.
CHINESE, excellent, first-class cook, wishes
position, $65 per month; meat and pastry
cook, hotel, boarding-house or private family.
$40 per month; give good references; satis-
faction. 6V2 Sacramento st.; p. W. F.
JAPANESE wants position as schoolboy,
couple of hours, or day work. Ring Green
250. H. J.. 317 Mason st. •
KINA.NCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Sei.d for
Pacific 6tates Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
1 trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-25!) Geary
it., on the square*
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth ets.: new, sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe St.; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro-et. cars; rent reasonable.
A SUNNY corner upper «-room flat, basement;
half block from Market st.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park: Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. S943 Seventeenth at
TWENTY-THIRD, 4077. corner Castro— Lovely
lower 4-room flat; $16; water free.
LIBERTY. 221. near Dolores — Flat of 5 rooms,
bath, gas; cheap rent.
POLK. 2500, cor Filbert — Lovely sunny corner
flat, 7 rooms; marine view; rent $35.
SACRAMENTO, 2S5O- 29(10— S^eTlTsuliny 7-room
flats; Just completed; seen to be appreciated.
TO iet — Flat of four rooms;, 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St.
TWO new flats, 5 and 9 rooms. Beaver et.. be.
twecn Noe and Castro.
4 NICE rooms, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1017 Geary st.
FLATS TO LET— sFURMSHED.
SMALL, refined family can get a sunny, fur-
nished flat in a most desirable locality rent
free for owner's board. Box 4997. Call.
FLATS FOR SALE- — FURX I S H E D.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going East; rent
$25. Call at 966 Oak st., 11 to 12 a. m., or
7:30 to 9 p. m. ; no dealers. . •. •
1 FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4402,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets. t
HELP WAITED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook for thirty children. $40,
country: 4 cooks $30. $35; housework $30" 3
nurseglrls. $15. $20. $25: nurseglrl for Fres-
no. $25; laundress, institution. $30; 4 wait-
resses, $S week; 5 chambermaids, assist
waiting. $20. $25. city and country; cook for
students, $30; 5 second girls, $25; maid $25
and $30; cook, ranch, $30. fare paid; house-
work. Berkeley. $25; woman with a child,
housekeeper for 5 men. $20; 65 houseglrls'
city and country, at $20. $25. $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES for first-class city hotel";
wages $30; no room; short hours. MISS
PLUNKETT.-425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 60; positions
guaranteed; $10. to $20 per week; school day
and eve, 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches ' balrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1230. Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages; day. and eve. class; call.
PANTS finisher and operator; also girl with
some experience in operating. 245 Seventh st.
RELIABLE girl for general housework and
cooking; small family; 3639 17th. nr. Dolores,
HELP WA5TEP— MALE— Cob.
Plasterers. 5c yard cr $5 day, country.
B/ker's helper, near city $25 found
Sheet Iron worker, city $3 day
Stableman, lumber Co.. country $25 found
Blacksmith helper, city $2 day
2 ax men for lumber Co. $50 and fd
2 cappers, country cannery . $2 day
Bench capper, country cannery $2 day
*» men. hopflelds, fare $1 $02 50 found
RE^T WAGES AT MURRAY A READY.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY.
WANTED — Two? successful . solicitors, where
possibilities are great to earn from $200 to
$400 per month; past representatives of build-
ing and loan and life insurance companies
preferred; dn favorable evidence of ability
and reliability moderate advances will b«
made for expenses. Apply to T. W. GRIF-
FIV between 2 and 4 p. m.. dally except
Sunday, room 9. 9 Powell st.
WANTED For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and S3;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
¦ English • marines serve at se» on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations la tna
United States. Apply at recrultinjt efflee. 4O
Ellis ft.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222*4 N. Mala
tt.. Los Angeles. CaL. and 4«1 K st. Sacra.
mento. CaL __^___________
WANTED Educated youns man or woman to
learn our/business and take responsibly and
permanent position as soon as qualified ; city
references required. STODDARD LEC-
TURES. 210 Examiner building. .
YOUNG man In tinshop learn trade; age 16
years. 533 Mission st. . .
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition la 8, f.
Bs rber School. 741A Howard at. ¦¦;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 29 Stenart st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-haad army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard t.. nr. Ota.
PENSION atty. E. A. BuUlai room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Po»t.O.A.R,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c nixht; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged.' halt
price. Se3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25a
; to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND AVAGO.V3. .
ON account of going to build, entlra stock ot
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold ax
sacrifice.. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
RARE cbance — I good horses for sale chea;*.
327 Sixth st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 82S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplnz "Moa
and rocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
MOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery
EKFOKK moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — FUKSISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location; 1375 ilasonlo aw.
Apply MADISON A BUKKE. JO Montg. St.
$575 — 6 ROOMS and bath, frcrnlshed complete:
sun all day; rent $37 50. 200 Hyde, cor. Turk.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will lsasa
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKDEE A CO.. 21S-220 Montsoaaery ut..
Mills building.
LOST A.\D KOP.\D.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In th«
name of JANE STANFORD JONES/^io. C6O-
1020. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. yellow and white;
companion crippled child; liberal reward:
can and will be traced; prosecution will fol-
low If not returned. Box 3321. Call office.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel named Silk; wore,
collar with old !lcen3e 2424. Return to Boul-
evard Pharmacy. Fulton and Baker sts.. and
receive reward.
LOST— Tall, white poo<lle; one black ear; name
Dewey; reward. 102 Powell St.. HARRY
MOORE.
LOST — In park, near Sutro entrance, lady'*
gold watch; monogram A. J. N. 1C17 Van
Ness ave.; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN KELLY. No. 171-251. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Leather purse, containing money, valu-
ables and permits. Return to R. A. ROos.
2000 Jackson St.. or 25-37 Kearny st.. and
receKe reward. •
LOST— A solitaire diamond rim. A suitable
reward will be paid finder on delivering same
to clerk of California Hotel. Bush st.
LOST — A small open-faced gold watch with
monogram R. H. J. Finder leave at 755
Market st. and receive suitable reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A — Mrs. Dr. Sweet takes ladles before and dur-
Ing confinement: Infants adopted; $13; $5
rooms A board; 25 years' experience. 2S2 7th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 72S Post st.. near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Al! who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on frmala
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during;
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
Drs Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS •
original , method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2095 Folsom st. corl
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY XEE. 319 Powell" it., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MUSICAL IXSTKL'llESTS.
A NEW piano for next to nothing: two car-
loads of pianos In a railroad wreck; daraaaA
to caV only: railroad claim of 60 per cent
allowed 0:1 the entire amount; this makes a
good $oGO piano cost only $15O and first cail-
ers will get first and best choice of these In-
struments, which are scarcely damaged la
any way; this Is' an opportunity you cannot
afford to put off. as the best bargains win ga
first; there are some pianos badly damaged,
but these will not be put on sale until they
are thoroughly repaired.
Pianos rented from $2 up. with privilege
ot allowing the rent to apply on purcham
price; Installments. $4 up; cash discount on
a!l purchases If paid for In two years; great
bargain? hi piano players. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 2U5-2U7 Geary et. Largest wholeaalo
and retail exclusive ciano establishment on
tha Coast.
$63 — LEFT on sale; Fllsher upright piano. 23T
Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
ASSORTMENT ot some upright bargains.
3 Chlckerlng $150. $135. $233
1 Klmball. walnut upright, celluloid k-ys.jtv*
2 Emerson .....$1S5. $215
2 Steinway $IS5. $215
4 Heine $235 to &93
12 squares $15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players front $90 up; ae-w
pianos from $117 uo. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st.: phone Main 5744.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vose, Sterling. Jacobsen, Schnech-
ten. Sherwood. Weser. Marshall A Wendell.
Halnes. Everett. Knabe and others; ea*y
payments. BENJ. CURTASS A SON. 16-20
O'Farrell. No branches in San Francisco.
UNTIL Aug. 17 we will sell all piano* at »pe-
clally low prices, then our regular low prices
will be resumed: take advantage of thes»
low summer prices. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright: good con-
dition. SCHMITZ A CO.. IS McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and (crnlture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1838 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacriflc*
handsome Steinway upright piano. 810 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piaaa
'player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plaaaw
When oupper is o'er it is pleasant alv.ay
To escape from the fret of a wearisome day
By reading Mils' paper, and thence learning the news
From all pai'B of the world, and the varying views
Which are therein expressed. But The Call's display ads.
Are likewise of Interest to mothers and dads.
For all tell of fine'bargalns that help the lean purse.
And they cover life's field from the birth to the hearse. J||&||
Then our want ads. besides are a blessing to all,
For they thousands have helped who've found work through The Call.'¦¦:¦¦' TUESDAY. AUG. 11. ; '
stock— ; • ; ¦ um: Asi
Caribou Oil Co ..........•...-...••- JJ»
Four Oil .....' • • '0
HanfoTd OH 131 00 135 t)0
HdmeOll... 2 70 2 80
Imperial OH.. • •••< 19 00
Independence OH J« 18
Junction Oil . •• •••;. . **.'
Kern Oil .... • ... • • •• • • • 2.. . ...
Lion Oil 0j ¦,<*
Monte Crlsto Oil J«J lA'TH
Monarch Oil • &••. . •«•
OH City Petroleum :.;. " ....
Peerless OH . . . . < ....... . M W* • -. .'.
Reed Crude Oil •¦• ¦¦ f<\ .. ' ./fl
Ran Joaquln Oil ............ 5 <5.; . .•••
Sterling Oil 3 00 .110,
Thirty-Three : Oil . ; • > . fl !*>
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 50
union on .... es 00
United Petroleum ¦ 11* 0O,
West Shore Oil • • 3 05 -vj 3 50
¦ Miscellaneous — ' • ¦
Abby Land and Impt. ••.••. I 23
A la- -da Sugar :........... „•-•• 29 00
American Biscuit ....'.. 05 W> , lop m
American District Tel ........... .,.;..
Bay Counties Power ...,...;....•¦..• ¦..;..
Cal Central Gas and Electrlt. ......
Car COtton Mills : 85 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club • lOu OO
Cal Powder :........... ....;• -....
Cal Shipping Co ..:¦•'., ;2? QO ;
Cal Title In*<anfl. Trust;. ..,130 no 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00 ....
California Stock and Oil Exchdilgc
UXITBD STATES BOXDS.
Bid.Aek. BldAsk.
4s qr coup... 109 110 4s qr c (new)134 135
4s qr reg....lO9 110 Us qr coup... — 107&
„ MISCELLAXEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — Do 5s — 114
Bay CPC 5s. — 105% Do con 5.v — 105
C C O & E5s — 107& O W C g 6s. — 100
CalO & E g Oceanic S 5s. — S3
m & ct 5s, — 100 Om C R 6s.. — 128
Cal-st C 5s.. — — Pac G Imp4fl 95 100
C C Wat 5s.l01 103 P E Ry 5s.. 106% —
Ed L & P Cs — - — P & C R 6s. — 105
F Cl R 0s...H0»4 — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-fit 5s. 40 GO Powell-st «S.116V4 —
H C*S 5t4s.lO2^ — S E G&RSs. — 10 J
H C & S 5s.. 95 100 SF & 9JV5s. — 120H
Hon R T Cs. — 108 S R of C Os.llO%lJ2Va
L A Elec 5s. — 107 S P of A Cs
L A Ry 5s..ll2^ — (190t») 107%10S},
L A L Co (in. — — (1010) 108 Vs —
Do gtd 0s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. 100 — (190o)Sr A,103?i —
LAP lem 5s.lOHiilO4te (1905)Sr U. — 1O5V4
Mkt-st C tis'122 — (1006) 107 10S
Do lem 5a.ll7'.£ — (1012) 117V4 —
X R of C Os.lOHM, — 6 P C leg 5S.12OV4 —
NRC(of C)5sllS%120 Do t-tmpd. 107^108
XPC RR 5s. — 100*i S P B R 6s. — 140
X C Ry 5s.. — 117 S V Wat 6S.107H108
X C P 5s... — 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100
X 8 R 5s — 101 Do 4b 3dm. »9»8lOO
O G L H 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E 6s 07^102
O T 6s — 122Vi U G & E 5s.lO5 107
WATER STOCKS.
rontra Costa — CO 1 Port Costa . . 64 6CVi
Marln Co ... 00% — . IPprlng Val.. 83% 84H
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5 Sac E G&R. 39 .—
Equit Gas... 5 5% S F G & E, 05% 66
Mutual EL.— 13 8 F Gas 3 3^i
Pac G Imp.. 51 53 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% 50% U G & E... 34»i —
TRUSTEES'. CERTIFICATES. . .
S F G & E. 04% 6S&
INSURAXCE.
Firem's Fnd.325. — , . • v .
BANK STOCKS.
Am Xatl Bk.125 — Lon P & A. .165 —
Anglo-Cal ...03% — Merch Trust.200 250
Bank of Cal. 525 550 Merch Ex . . — —
C S D A T.. 1421/6160 s F Xatl6nl — —
First Nationl — — .
SAVINGS BANKS. ,
Ger S & L. -^ 2275 Sav- & L Bo. 06 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec. Sav Bk.40O 500
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.2150 ' —
S F Sav UitSOO 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — [Presidio 35 45
Geary — .60 -J
POWDER.
Giant CSVj CO /Vltforit 5 5%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 1U 2^ Kilauea S C. - 6*1
Hawaiian O. 43 44Vi Makawell C: — 24
Honoka* S C 12 12% Onoraea S C. 23 24
Hutch S P C 12% 14 . Paauhau S C 14 15
MISCELI^AXfiOUS.
Alaska Pack.143 145 Oceanic S Co 6% —
Cal Fruit As. — WVi Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 07V4 Pac C Borx.lCtf —
Morning Session.
Hoard —
25 Honokaa Co ....';.... 12 «»
25 Hutchlnson R P <W 12,871^
80 Hutchlnson S P Co 12 75
!«) Hutchlnaon S P Co 12 (J2',i
50 Oceanic B S Co. :.-..... i" 00
10 S V Water.;. «•..;..... 84 00
, Afternoon Session. :
Board — .. >
100 Giant Powder CoH. .* 30... CS ifi
6<) S F Ga* & Electric Co , «a OO
$2(KX» S P of Arizona (1909). 10S W)
Street-^ ' ' "
15 S F G & E, trustees^ certificates, 65 00
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY, Aug. 11—2 p. m
At. the regular annual meeting of the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society the following
directors were re-elected: John Lloyd. Daniel
Meyer, H. Horstmann. Henry B. Russ, N.
Ohlandt. Ign. Steinhart. Emll Rohte. I. N.
Walter and J. W. Van Bergen. John Lloyd
has been re-elected president; Daniel Meyer,
vice president; H. Horstmann, second vice
president: A. H. R. Schmidt, cashier;
William Herrmann, assistant cashier; George
Tourny. secretary; A ; H. Muller. assistant sec
retary, and W. S. Goodfellow, attorney. The
total resources of the bank at the close of the
last fiscal year were $37,11».474 07. with de
posits amounting to (34,610,893 12.
mads on Saturday at $165 per share: it is
understood something over sixty shares changed
hands.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
TUESDAY. Aug. 11-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. f Bia.Ask.
Alpha 07 ©ftjulia 02 04
Aita OS 06' Justice 13 14
Andes 17 ISiKentuck «3 fl4
Belcher 34 35 'Mexican 1 20 I 25
Best & Belch.l SO 1 tR>:OccldentaI ... 40 4:1
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 170 175
Caledonia ....1 20 1 30'Overman .... 22 23
Challenge Con .16 SSiPotosI * 17 19
fhollar 17 ls'Pavage 17 I*
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Scorpion .... 04 05
Con Cal & V.I 83 1 40 Seg Belcher.. 12 13
Von Imperial. 04 05 Sierra Nev... 65 «7
Con N Y 14 16 Silver Hill... 78 , »0
C?rown Point. 17 19 St Louis 18 22
Eureka Co.i.. — 45 Syndicate .... — 04
Exchequer ... 04 OTi Union Con . . S3 • 87
Gould & Cur. 3R_ 39 Utah 30 32
Hale & Nor. 47 50 Yellow Jack.. 63 65
Lady Wash.. — 00 . *
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan 14 —Rescue 10 12
Enperanza ... 04 O. r »;T Belmont..l 75 1 02 1 "*
Olpsy Queen.. 20 —Ton A Cal .. 37 39
Gold Mount.. — 2<» Ton Fraction. — CH
Hannapah ... 24 25 Ton & G \V.. — 12
Luckv Tom .. — 15 Ton Nevada. .0 50 8 CO
.MacNamara . — 24 Ton N Star. 50 61
Mlzpah Exten — 35 Ton Midway. 43 48
Mont Ton..l 05 1 07& Ton Union .. 60 —
N Y Ton — ONIUnited Ton... 15 15
Paymaster ... — 20[ Utopia — -56
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200. Mexican .. ..1 20 5OO Union Con . . K5
100 Overman .... 23 30O Utah "31
20O Potosi 19 600 YellOw Jacket 65
400 Sierra Nevada 65
Afternoor Session.
» 500 Alta 06 200 Mexican 120
200 Belcher 34 40O Ophlr 1 7<>
20O Belcher S3 10O Overman 22
10O Caledonia ....12S 400 Seg Belcher.. 13
100 Challenge Con 37 200 Sierra Nevada f<3
.500 Con Cal & Va.l 35 500 Sierra Nevada 6'J
200 Crown Point. 18 200 Union Con .. 8ft
800 Gould & C... 37 300 Yellow Jacket 61
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Challenge Con 40 200 Occidental ... 35
200 Con Cal & Va \% f*>0 Ophlr 1 7ft
200 Con Cal & Va.l 35 400 Sierra Nev... «3
100O Con Imperial. 04 800 Silver Hill.... 7J»
300 Con N Tork.. 15 700 Union Con... tti
20O Mexican 1 20 3f>O Utah 3t
. 100 Mexican ...1 22>,i 3fH> Yellow Jacket eS
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 30 300 Seg Belcher.. 10
100 Challenge Con 38 20O Sierra Nevada 60
70O c C A Va...l 33 300 Union Con Mi
300 Gould A Cur. 37 20O Utah 31
100 Mexican ..:..l 20 200 Vellow Jacket W
S0O Occidental ... 33 200 Yellow Jacket 65
100 Ophlr 1 70
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tbnopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Colehan 191 ino Mont Ton. . .1 05
lf)OO Eeperanza. . - , 03 40O Rescue 11
10O. Gipsy Queen ' 27 1 200 Ton & Cai. 38
Afternoon Session.
24,000 Esperanza . 03 100 Ton & Cal.. 3«»
200 Gipsy Queen 27 200 Ton & Cal.. 37
100 Gipsy Queen 2<5 200 Ton N Star 50
4 CO Mont Ton...l 0.'
PAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Chutes Company ...... 650
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn ImptCo :..... 6 00 6 50
Eastern Dynamite • ••• * ••••
Ewa Sugar Plantation. .: •»••
Equitable (Pool) Gas ...... *... ••••
Gas -Consumers* Assn... j.; - . .... ' 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ...;..*;.:..' ...i I9 60.
London and S F Bank (Ltd). .... ..,*¦
Mercantile Trust — •
Northern Cal Power ....' 9 50
Nevada National Bank '
North Shore Railroad .. 7 00
Orpheum Company i 15 00
Pacific State* Tel and Tel.. .122 60
Parafflne Paint 55 00 ....
Postal Device and Impt. ... . - •. ....
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 0i» ....'
PausalKo Land and Ferry.. 16 00
Sperry Flour Company.. . ... 22 50 • 3O.0O
Standard Electric .......... .... 18 00
Truckee, Electr|c .. ..... 13 23 .11 00
Union Sugaf 22 6O '....;:
United Gas ana Electric... 34 5O »...
Western Fish Co • y^. -....-•
OFFICIAL SAliKS.-
Morning Session. , , ". . -
Board-"— -• . - ¦¦ . "..',..'.
400 Four Oil ....*'.. Cd
105U Home Oil '. t 75
Street —
3000 Oil City Petroleum ¦ 31
Afternoon ' Session. • ' . •
'. . Board —
150 Occidental Oil IS
-00 Home Oil ; 2 75
300 Home Oil (s 90). ................. 2 70
100 Home Oil (cash) 2 70
30O Home Oil U 70
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
13
ROOMS JFOft HflPSEKEEPISO^
FOLSOM. 630-^Furniehed^ large~front room for
housekeeping: also others; cheap.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; >Just newly fur-
nlshed. 153U Polk* st.
HOWARD. 1063—2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms; others.
JESSIE. 359— Furnished front room with use
of kitchen; $12; 3 unfurnished; gas; phone;
KEARNY, 104—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
no children.
MISSION.' 2O24 — 2 or 3 sunny rooms- Tor house-
keeplng.
O'FARRELL, 1510— Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
WEBSTER, 430—2 or 3 large sunny connecting
partly furn. basement rooms; cor. {tat; yard.
KOOMS TO LET Kirn, and Ininru.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sta..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board,
.'. Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a large, sunny and comlortably furnished
room, with private family, one block from
cable and electric car lines and 5 minutes'
walk from park entrance; references. Box
4953. Call office.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, ?1 1!5 to $u per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; .open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Ftflh st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 f>O to flO week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for htikpg.
A LARGK furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running wator; references. 880 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 13fl4)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2fH Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL. «03— To let, furnished front bay-win-
dow room; references.
FIFTH 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
elngle rooms; $1 BO, $2 60 to $4 per week.
FOLSOM. 875 — One large, sunny front room.
FOURTH, 225 — A nice large housekeeping
room; also single.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 527— Nice sunny fur^
nished room; running water; rent $9.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 f>O nlglit; $2 to f<? week; reading-room.
HOTEL~GRA YSTON kTTTT 77777777
(M Geary Pt:; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with haths and singles.
LEAVENWORTH. 204— Sunny furnished rooms
reaFonable.
MISSION. 2901A— 3 front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also front room for gentleman.
MODEL House — Unfurnished front housekeep-
ing rms. 1206 Stockton; $5. $12; gas; bath.
O'FARRELL. 20— Funny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day. weeh, mo.
THE MANHEftf. 6S2 Sutter st., bet. Mason
and Taylor, opp. Golden Gate Hall— New
house, newly furnished, opened July 20, 190,1;
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
ing; sunny rooms; direct car to ferry. Cliff
House and park.
THE Fexndale. 7 Grant ave. — Nicely furnished
rooms for gentleman; $2 50; transient. . '.
TURK, 1218— Nice sunny front room, eecon-1
floor.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near MArket
— 400 single .and family rooms; 35c to $1
night: SI 75 to $8 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggag».
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
R5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec lights; reading-room: free bus: bnggnse.
nOOMS AXD 11OAKD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiard.*; Rteam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. R07 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free bllliard-room»
ROOM and board given cheap. 546 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARP WANTED.
ROOM and board in refined Catholic family;
state terms. Box 3331. Call of flee.
BY young gentleman; use of bathroom; private
family; give full particulars. Box 3327. 'Call.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment frae. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS A.ND SUPPLIES.
GREAtIbARG AINS I>T TTPEWRITERS-W«
sell better machines for less money than r ny
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California telephone Main 200.
A FEW good typewriters at $.'10 each; get par-
ticulars, L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters oold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
and distributing apparatus for the University
of California — Notice to contractors, builders
and material men — Notice is hereby given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tube boilers,
each to contain one-half the heating surface
required to furnish steam for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
cross-compound, non-condensing engine, to
be arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps,
feed water heaters, eteam separators, traps
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete. In-
cluding all necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping between tanks, etc., the plant
to be furnished and installed complete . at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Said sealed blda or pro-
posals will be received at room 16, South
Hall, at the University grounds, Berkeley,
on or before 8 o'clock p. m. of the 17th
day of August, 1903, -And notice Is hereby
further given that Dlans and specifications
for said construction have been made and.
adopted and are Placed In the engineering
offices, room 7, 331 Pine street. San Fran-,
Cisco, where the same may be ceen and ex-
amined during each day from 0 o'clock a. m.
Until 4 o'clock p. m. from this date until
the 15th day' of August, 1903. No bids or
proposals will be considered .unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer equal to <e->» (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties,
conditioned that if said bid or proposal shall
h- accepted the party proposing will duly
enter Into a proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
obligations in accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, - which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. ThefJrlght to reject -any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is given
pursuant to an act ¦ entitled "An act to
amend an set entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California.'
approved March 25, 1868, and an act.
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction
of buildngs," approved March S. 1897. • By
order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN, Secretary of the . Board of
Regents of the University of California.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.'
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Tandy J. Allen, 31. 620 Turk street, and
Katherine L. Borho; 18, 34 Austin avenue.
Andro Boderb^rg, 35, 121 Montgomery street,
and Anna Roth, 27, 701 Post street. ¦ '
James G. Tavares. 25, 819 Polk street, and
Mary E. BaptUta. 22, 1951 Geary street.
Johan Dorfland, 34, 335 Third street, and
Hanna Erlkson, 29, 8 Clyde place.
Bernard J. McGaraghan, 31, Eureka, and
Annie Sullivan, 25, 722 Grove street.
Alfred C. McCray, 30. city, and Catherine
Dorn, 21, Hdlllster. •
Michael M. Dorgan, 27. 314 LagUna. street,
and Lena Curtln. 22. 20 Oak street. .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
B0EN. : "-{¦¦'
BULOTTI— In this city. August 10, 1903, to
the wife of A. A. Bulottl. a daughter. •
DREWS— In this city. August 3. 1903. to the
wife of,H. C. .Drews, a son.
EDWARDS — In Haywards, August 4, . 1003, tn
the wife of J. C. Edwards, a son.
HEYMAN — In A'.ameda. August 6, 1803, to the
wife of Sam Heyman, a son. . .;•
RALPH — In Alameda, July 30, 1903. to the
wife of Frank J. Ralph, a son.
-¦ ¦•//.MABBIED.., ; :_.';';¦, ,'j
ABRAHAMSON— GLASS— In thia city. August
STATEMENT
. ——OF THE— *
CONDITION AND AFFAIES
, OF THE
Agricultural
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate Owned by Company.. (344,503 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 584.713 07
Cash Market Valu$ of all Stocks y
and Bond* owned by Company. 8S5.1S9 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
collateral . 321.202 46
Cash In Company's Office 13.834 21
Cash in Banks 179.732 76
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,943 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 10,177 71
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion - 208,02114
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 1,273 48
Commissions on Unpaid reinsur-
ance . . . . s . • • 2.663 39
Total Assets ...Ji2.86e.2ee 78
LIABILITIES. ~~ 1 ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid - $41,904 79
Losers in process of Adjustment
or tn Suspense -62,951 32
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12,821 3J
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less," S002.-
751 00; reinsurance 50 per cent. 431,373 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year. ¦
$1 581,303 00: reinsurance pro
rata . .* v'«"; i' V< 622.077 91
Commissions artd Brokerage due
and to become due 47,185 06
Reinsurance premiums 10,873 17
Total liabilities .S1.440.1S9 lift
INCOME. J==:
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ? >•'..<. $1,221,765 42
Received for interest on Bond*
and Mortgages .................. 37.471 82
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources . B*,*?! ft
Received for Rents 4,592 M
Received from all other sources.. - 114.412 T3
Total. Income .... ......\... 1^*1.462.836 3a
EXPENDITURES. ~ '~ ;
Utt amount paid for Flre Losses
(including $98,934 70. losses of
previous years) ......... . . $6T».257 00
Dividends to Stockholders 3^000 00
paid or atlowed for Commission '.or '.". "
Brokerage •••••••: ••-••y"' 338,279 73
raid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. SS,027 71
Paid for State. National and Local
taxea ,.£...:* ..............: ! 47,Si3,3a
All other payments • and expendl- ¦ " ; -• : .
tures 119,734 29
Total Expenditures ..........$1,202.632 00
¦'',¦' ]¦ r---::: ¦'..::¦ -:•:. _• ' . Flr«7^~
Losses, Incurte^ auHng. the year./ $C4g,248 00
Risks -and- Premlums.|Flre Risks.l Premiums.
Net^'a mount of- Risks ..: '« — I > :;: "..",..;
w rltten during . the - ¦ ' - % . -
year ..... ,.V. ... . -. UC3.845.700 $1,781,633 00
Net amount- of ¦ Risks '^ ''-' ." .¦.--.-.
expired during the ¦ • " ,; '".•*"-•.•/¦
year . .,...«.. w... 15?,849.tOO l.eittlt.M
Net ' amount, in force . • ¦ . . : - '¦••
; December ¦ 3 1 . . 1 D02 . 245. 085.200 2. 454.05 4 00
t. •--.; -..:; :.-. .,' ¦:'.' a. H. ¦ SAWYER. Prest: ¦
.v • W "¦ - • w "'. H- -STEVENS. Seoy,
- Subscribed and sworn to beror* me. this 4 2tth
day -«f January. 1003.-- : .",..'. .\ «
„ -. .. : . L. i B. COOlCE. . Notary Public,
EDWARD BROWN &. SONS. Ccn'l Agents,
*' 411 and 4ia 'California, st..",8.,T. C4I.
GEO. H. MURDOCK &. SON. City Agents,
• 412 California St.. San Francisco. Cal,
MISCELLAJVEOL'S— FOR 8AX.13.
BOILERS, engines. 2- hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMA.N. 185-187 Fremont st.
X GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
email weekly payment oa all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call ana
examine our goods even If you don't care to
bvr- L1CHTENSTEIN' BROS.. 2S Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
ceedc no paiatlng or coating; go(»l over old
Iron, tin or chlcgles: best for pew roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 718 Market at.
A — Fine euiu. $7 &O; dress pants. $2 50. Orlgl-
1n«l Misflt Clothing P»rtor». 238 Kearny "t-.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— J.3 50 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatter*. 330 Kearr.y et., near Pint;
open till 9 p. m. funday to noon.
A— BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery. *D-
rlnes, boilers, water ripe. «hs.ftinr. pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAV.'. 2S3-2S5 Ppear rt.
TRY our men's slior* at $1 pair; foot-rorm
fhnep at $2 DO; we pay express charges 11
Third ft.. Kxamiwr bid.: catalogue pent tree.
SECOND nachy, boliers, engines, pumps.
c wood «nd iron working ir.schlnery. bought.
»c!d «nd rented. H. S WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
tteSCUt'CXOK typewriter and d«"s<k; nearly
n.>w; al*o efflce desk; bargain. 411 I'arrott
build Ing. !__
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, eale, rental;
fcargair*. Bullard * Preck. 131 Port st.
MJLEt? cf v'.pe and fitting*; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILET A- SONS. 108 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 108
Montgomery et.
f AFES— New and second -hand. E. B. HECK
& CO. 122 Ma.-ket rt.
Al! bargalne;camp Ftoo'.s and chairs, hammocks,
rnetnl beds'. mattres*«p.J. F.Hotter."X2 Mission.
Edfeon phoTiOfrriiphf. records, supplies, moving
picture machines, film*. Bac'.galupl. 833 Mkt.
GAPOLINE engines. aJtomcblles and launches,
al! sir**. J. E I>OAK. 4fi Fremont «t.
PAFES- New ar.d second-hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on tecnl-lnna typewriters; all
rr.akes. ALEXANDER & CO.. HP Montn'y.
A WEEK'S news for fl cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per year.
MISCELLAKEOl'B WAiVTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand' clothing and
theatrical r^od*. 1T>* 0<h Ft.: tel. Jessie 2R51.
MONEY TO LOAJV.
aaX^herman MrnniY™
6O1-C0C-CO3 Examiner building.
Quick settlement*; no diFarrx^n'm'nt.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
rotates. Fcron<l morteapes. undtvided inter-
ests. ssFipr.ments cf rent*, property In trust. '
*te ; le^sxlr? life rfin»j and undivided in-:
tere*ts in rrrperty furchaped.
Courteous tmtjnent. Btrtetly confidential, j
When You Nerd Money
Se* HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain ¦
liberal aivi-r.ces en cUawm^s. Jewelry, at :
lowest rat*? PtWwia Jewelry Store. S48 \
Market ft.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third, j
SIONET loaned to salaried peor>. retail mer- I
chants t«-amrters. bosriirg-house*. without j
eecurity: ea*y ra>"in«-r.ts: largest business in j
4« principal cities. Toiman. hXi Psrrr>tt bldg.
A — 1 PtK cer.t. en furniture cr piar.c;no removal; :
no ecronirs:ori : r.o publicity: $25 up: quick. J
QUlet. cor.Mertlai. 2fi Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFIcn. 1"3 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO flO.OOO
AT cut rates on r«-al estate, furnltur* cr piano; ,
! n 0 corr.misMer.. E. W. LICK. 1«V* Mnruat
£sv. Bk. fcM.. «W Market j phpM Main 816. j
6. F DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
pe*-Tl* on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bMg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls ar.d precious etones bought
*t W. J. HESTHAI/S. 10 girth rt.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle blflg.
ONE per cert on furniture; $5 a month en each
$Ktf<>; any security. 3»!2 Montgomery, room 16.
S«J- ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMA1X. room fl. « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamond* and jewelry 2 per cent
tr,o. fi. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny. i
FTAR Loen Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. COO Examiner bid.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market et. —
Office to let: rent $15; -light, heat. Janitor and
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
HTORE to let mith eteam connections. S12
Fror.t st.
PEJl^OVALS^
A — FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow an-1 f abby ekin. blrthmarke,
smalljiox rioting! 1 and fears scientifically re-
moved without cuttlrig. massage, electricity or
medicines; epeoia.1 demonstrations this week.
Call or write UR. L. WILLIAMS, 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth ;stops falling ;cure«= dandruff
and itching scalp; no Ftain or stickiness;
cleanses *ealr:s.t druggists', hairdressers' -.ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S.VJeary.
WANTED — fKf9 men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness pre\-cnted (can treat by
n'ail blank for stamp); consultation free;
S:30 to *5 Funriay!" 10- to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 21K, 997 Market.
ANNIE HORI. a !ady giving treatment to la-
diee for rheumatism, has her office at the
Golden Gate House. K20 Kearny et.. room 10;
ehe epeak* three languages — German, Bohe-
mian and Eng'.lth.
TO Whom It May Concern: I hereby rive no-
tice that from and after this date I will not
be in any way responsible for any debts
contracted by rr.y wife. ALICE McGLTNN.
THOMAS McGLTNN.
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the i>f wing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, spent. lLCil Market et.
PHYSICIAN, 15 year** 1 experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Butter Ft.: fe» n.oderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at T»-utor.ia Hall, Howard
«.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT lees than cost, unralled Tor ruits. overcoats
*r.d trousers, at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
ELEGANT ruSt* on eaey installments: »V> cents
. and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st-. between Seventh and Eighth.
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents'
caet-eff clothing and all articles of value at
WEIXBERGS, 114A Ellis ct.
SUITS to order on installments, tl per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.taiIors.727-729 Market.
ALL etyles halnJresEir.g, 25o; hair goods; mani-
curing 25c. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE *u!t $7 50; dre?a pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcmt.
(SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Travers-,1170Market.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
/iLFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores rray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. A- Miss Eaton. Ilia Putter.
PALMIST3 Y.
11ME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrulo-
gist. Olfloe, 26 Llebes bldg.. 139 Post «st; $1
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
PA PEIU1AKGIXO. PAIST1SO. KTC.
ROOMS papered, $3 CO up: tinting, painting.
Hsjtmar.n Paint Co.. T.l'.t .'td «t.; tel. Main 413
PUYSIC1A>8 AND SIKUEOSB.
DTX C- C. O'DONNELl* — Office and residence,
HJ21ty Market «L. bot. Bixth and Seventh.
1-!IX>OIJ. ekin and rectal diseases ft specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073H Market St.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats t.'A diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated *t CC7 Geary et., near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, fucceesor to Dr. Li Po
Ta.. herb doctor; cmrea all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dta-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st
STORAG2 AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household good* stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et., near Third; phone Grant 161. [
I'lERCE-riODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flc* Post and Powell ets.; tel. Priv. Ex. 071.
HOUSEHOLD roods and bric-a-brac packed for
ptorage or shipment. Call or address 1 S70 Fell.
OOICKLIN'S storage— Furniture and mcrchan-
ditte. &» Golden Gate ave.; phone Kast 124.
GOLDEN We*t Storage; advances made; S40
Mission st.: tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfuss.
I'A'inc Storage and Furniture Moving Cnm-
r-any. S.':2O Flilmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
EEXINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tX.; teL Main 1640. Ehlfpinr at cut rates.
RE Al. ESTATE— CIT Y—FOR SA1*BL
HEADQUARTERS* FOR PARK LOTS!
¦ ¦ i
$500 to $1200— Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park.' Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars. I
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy. terms. I
$C0 to 1250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th av*. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
FELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
(5OO to S1000 — Xew lots in Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Punset branch office on 9th ave.,(*iear H st.
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Misslon-st. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly-.
$1000 to $3500^ — 4, S and C room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excrlslor
Homestead. All bargains'.
Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON, owners and dealers,
Rooni 54. Chronicle bulldlnjj.
LOT 50x125 FOR $400.
CHARMING Mill Valley le growing very faet;
new Iicu&pa are springing up on all rides,
land values are Increasing rapidly;' Lyon &
Iloag have placed a new tract on the market,
rislit at the station, and are selling lots at
from fs to $12 per front foot on terms of 10
per et-nt cash, balance $10 monthly; over SO
lots have been *old recently; streets are grad-
ed, water main* laid, electric lights, etc.;
Brand old trees; don't delay, but pet in on the
«round Hoor. Branch office. Mill Valley, open
Sunday. Send for booklet. LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery et.
JOSEPH STRAUB. «3f> Market St
$3000 — 2 flats. 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert fts.
$8500 — Good income property; nice locality;
3 bay-window flat*; basement; sun all day;
pays over 11 per cent. . •
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves. ; easy Installment or cash; south of park;
marine view.
$200 — Choice level lots, ready to build on;
Excelpior Homestead: Mission; installment.
A BARGAIN — $4250; corner lot, 2-story house;
lot 25x114; 1S4 Clipper st See. owner on
prcmires.
BIT A HOME: PTOP TATING RENT.
Look at those five cottages on Precita av»..
•weft of Tork ft.; take Folsom-et. . car; lot
30x150; prices small: terms easy; open from
6 to 7:30 p. m : Sunday. 3 to 5 p. m.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery et. ¦
$ i< „-«¦» — 2 new flats, 29th and Mission ets. ;
will rent for $40 per month. *
|I«,<X> — 2 new flats on Army ft., near Mis-
flon. Your friends will loan the balance for
the rent.
TX COFTIN * CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$12.V» — CHOICK Int. within 1 Work of Golden
<?ate Park; near in;- stone sidewalk: Ftreet
work done; *s.V» hank mortgage can remain.
Address BARGAIN, box 4673, Call office.
FOR *ale — Nc-at cottage: mod. Imps., frame as
rent. Apply PE. cor. Alabama * Montcalm.
N. W. CORNER of FolBom and Eighteenth
Fts.; nPxlOO. Apply at 2138 Folsom st.
HEAL ESTATE— Conntff— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. M8
Market st. '
', fio 000 — 40 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Livermcre. 6ILAS C. WRIGHT. Livermow.
i r ¦
IIOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
(5000 — MODERN home; 8 rooms . and bath:
ever half acre of grounds; shade trees; 30
fruit trees in besrlng: large Ftable and out-
houFe5; located In that particular epot In
Rofs Valley that 1« free from asthma; 6 min-
utes' walk from San Anseimo station. In-
quire R. R. agent at Ban Anseimo.
poi.vr mcHMtixn real estatb.
WATER front lots and bargain?: all tracts;
maps, photo*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldifc.
KICAI. ESTATE TO EXCHANT.B.
REAL estate to exchange; free printed list
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau. S-50 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTT HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
SEE THIS — A beautiful home; 6-room cottage;
almoft new; Fpi«-k and span; modern plumb-
ing: flne vjew; large lot. with bearing fruit
trees; owner going away: only $3000; Just the
place you are looking for.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park «?t. t Alameda.
$2700 — FOR t Sale — New house of 6 rooms;
chclce lot; $400 cash, balance $35 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, builder.
1243 Part it.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY KIT*. I, ESTATE.
$7200— BUSINESS block at Berkeley station,
2 Etores, 2 flats, small cottage, stable;
lot 5>Oxl34t good investment.
$4000 — One-half acre; 8-room house, stable
and chicken houses; $1500 cash, balance
flat Io3.n; 8 per cent Interest. •
$5000 — 13-room house; one block from univer-
sity grounds; nice location.
$4S00^ — 16-room house; near university; a snap;
building alone cost $5000; lot 50x138.
$1000 — «-rocm cottage and stable; lot 50x125;
$200 cath, balance $12 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Bhattuck ave., Berkeley. Cal.
$4000—1507 PRINCE et., near Santa Fe R. R. ;
large S-room house; high basement; sta-
ble; cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
100x135; street work complete; call and
inspect. - - •
W. C. MORAN A CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE, new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large Iot3i $1550
to $1000; only $200 cash, balance $10 eo per
month.
W. C. MORAN. Lorln station, or
C. C. KMSLIE, Ashby (tatlon.
AN opportunity seldom met with— I have a
new 2-story "-room house,. 4 bedrootns,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
tlectrlc lights, etc.; on an improved street;
only 2 blucks from the station, which I will
fell to a reliable party on the following
1»rmf; $100 earh and the balance In monthly
installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
Cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
$550 — COK. lot. 40xS0; nr. Berkeley station.
$W00 — Cor. lot. 40x100; Grove et.
$2400 — 8-room new house, nr. Adeline sta.
$l!40<l — 0-room new 1 house, nr. Ashby eta.
$5500 — 0-ruom new house. North Berkeley.
$20 ver foot— Splendid building lot on im-
proved ctreet. near Berkeley otation.
E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center.
FOR eale — New fl-room house In Berkeley: one
minute walk all trains and cars; lot 150x39;
etteet work done; price $1750; terms if de-
Blred. H. p. IRWIN. gouth Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.Ml HEAL ESTATE.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San FrarH
elwo, for Oakland, Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAM) FL'nXITl'RE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for . bargains I nTTurnU
tur*. II. Schellhaai. 11th st. cor, store, QaJdnd
LEGAL ADVKRTISBMKXTS.
NOTICE of Dissolution of Copartnership— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of Golden Gate Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company, doing business in the city
and county of San Francisco State of Cali-
fornia Is this day dissolved by mutual con-
eent. MARSHALL C HARRI8 having pur-
chased the entire Interest of WILLIS • G
WHITTER In the concern. • :
Dated WILLIS O. WHITTER.
July 17. 1903. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
KOOMB for HOTTSEKEEFnTO— Conatry
Housekeeping accommodations, short time, on
ranch;2 women or man & wife. Box 330-,Call.
ADVEHTISEME2STTS- . - . '. .
STATEMENT
— -of the: —
CONDITION AND AFPAIES
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902, and for the year. «ndlnr on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions 6C sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed u per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, .paid up '
In Cash — $702.373 0>
ASSETS. ~~
Rear Estate owned by Company... $200,500 0*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 118.700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company. 871.003 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral..— 223,000 0O
Cash In Company's Office 8M 8.1
Cash in Banks ., 69.963 S3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11.873 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages « - - - 1.730 03
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 139.793 Bl
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Flr e and Marine Risks. 2.791 «*
Rents due and accrued 3*1 67
Perpetual premiums uncollected .. 801 6O
Total Assets 71
¦ LIABILITIES. ~ ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,973 CO
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspens* 4 !'*25 5®
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 3.780 00
Qrocs premiums on Ftre Risks run-
ning one year or less, $S6.\- -_-_»,«-
827 81: reinsurance SO per cent. 292.863 90
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $691.-
"08 95; reinsurance pro rata 333.138 «1
Amount reelalmable by the in-
sured on perpetual flre Insurance r
policies 113,222 97
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 77 00
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due -., 27.5M 39
Total Liabilities 2!l!l?^. 87
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums J.3. .153 49
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages - - • • • • - - •- - 8.605 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all ether sources 48. 7W M
Received for Rents '. 9.633 33
Received from all other sources.. 123. 449 1,7
Total Income ....' <924.Sg0^0B
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Flr« Losses
(Including $ . lows of pre-
vtous years) • • •.-••. $401.3«7 3a
Paid or allowed for Co.mmission
or Brokerage - • • - - - - 178.578 97
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 60.844 49
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •• ••• 2I - 785 **
All other payments and expendl-
tures S3-72S 23
Total Expenditures $717,340 83
Flre.
Losses Incurred during the year $397.187 11
Rlgks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums/
Net amount of Risks
7£r*. A "T g ..: be .lS3.M.*X $1,017,223 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
¦ 7. ' 77.295.042 883.274 52
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 112.946.190 1.257.638 TS
" CHARLES H. TARNALL. Vice Prest.
HENRY LTLBURN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m* tils 19tli
day of January. 1903.
RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Pub'Jo.
EDWARD BROWN &S0NS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
PAUL M. NIPPERT. City Agent.
STATEMENT
— or the
CONDITION AND APFAIE3
Gie aiilirs
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1902. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tht
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank fumlsned by the Com-
missioner.
.* CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash A $400,000 00
ASSETS. ~"
Real Estate owned by Company... $73.O0O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 64.5U0 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds owned by Company.. 850,579 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- .
ketable securities as collateral.. 5.000 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.039 OO
Cash in Banks >...'. 65,337 43
Interest due and accrued on all ,
Stocks and Loans 5,132 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.089 97
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion / 331, 31 1 79
Rents due and accrued 460 00
ToUI Assets ." .11.410.101 60
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $24,906 83
Losses In process of Adjustment 6t
in Suspense 69,103 50
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1.200 00
Gross premiums on Flre Risks
running one year or less, $1,113.-
995 70; reinsurance CO per cent.. S71.733 73
Gross premiums on Flre Risks
running more than one year,
$20,705 57; reinsurance pro rata. 80.123 79
Due and to become due for Dor-
rowed money 70.000 00
All other liabilities «9.927 63
Total Liabilities $806,906 73
INCOME, """^
N«t cash actually received for Fire
premiums $933,897 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ,. 2.712 23
, Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources *1.4«4 74
Received for Rents ....»:,._. 4.830 43
Total Income JKK7.9O0 89
EXPENDITURES. .
t»et amount loald for Fire Losses ..- .
. (including $«1,1M 10, losses . Qf.-l:'.;-'-'
previous years) $39,4.687 60
Net amount paid for Marine Losses ,
(including $¦ ¦. losses or pre-
vious years) , 2.1MS1
Dividends to Stockholders ../ 12.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage «»i<*. ..*..* ....»...., 161,740 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 28,182 74
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .*...»....¦• ¦ 11,101 33
AH other payments and expendl-" ¦ - • • «.
turea ....«.....•• .;............. . 17,328 51
Total Expenditures $617,275 10
Losses incurred during the year.. $404.710 63
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rlska
Net am6unt of Rtsks . r ; . . •- '¦¦
expired during the . ' -
year..! V 60.150.922 803.999 29
Net amount In force ..-.._
¦ December 31. 1902.. 77..171.S09 1.166.701 27
*** E. C. JAMESON. Prefc
LTMAN CANDEE. See.
I subscribed and sworn to. before me this 30th
day of January, 1903; . -
WM. I*. 1.INDS AT. Notary Publlo.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS. . . ......
411 and 413 California St., -
SAN FRANCISCO. CALL -'•¦-."
Wfiiy Gi $1.00 pli
9, 1903; by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Benjamin
P. Abrahamson and Rose V. Glass. >f^>
ALLEN— BORHO— In this city. August 12.
1903, by the Rev. J. j Fuendellng. Tandy J.
Allen and Katherine L. :Bbthb.
I KRANDLER— B^RCOWITZ— By the Rev. H.
N. Bchoenreld, Herman Krandler and Malley
Bercowitt. ¦¦ -_J__
" " DIED. ¦: - ~~"
Allen, Katherine ¦ Hunter (infant)
Bacon, Edwin Kane,- Elizabeth
Bock/Charles - l^ane. Edward O.
Bansen. Henry A. • LawJer;, Ahnle
De Losa. Anna McGlllvary, Wm. J.
Eberle, Walburga McKenna. John J.
Fegan. John H. Morton. .Margaret E.
Gartley, Mrs. S. J. Mullen, Michael
Green. Marvin W. Murphy, VTllfcpthy
Haslett, Leah Raymond, Wm. P.
Hawksley, Jamea H. Robin, gophia
Henney, Jamea Schlele, Alfred
Hess. Lewis Smith. John 8.
Hoff. Mrs. Sarah • Sfilbley^Lwuls
Holmes, John E. Jr. White. Catherine
ALLEN— In this city, August 11, 1903, Kath-
erine, beloved mother of William O.. T. F.,
Freddie C. and. the late Charles Allen, a na-
tive of Ottawa. Canada, aged 54 years 8
months and 'SI days.
BACON — In this city, August 9, 1903, Edwin,
beloved hueband of the lftte Esther A.. Ba-
con, and lather of Mrs. F. C. Immel and
Charles R. Bacon, a native of Massachusetts,
agrd 70 years. (Modesto, Cal., papers please
copy.)
ICT" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parldfs of
H. F. Suhr & Co., ll-'JT Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate.
BOCK— In this city. August 9. 1903, Charles,
beloved son of HeinrUh and Marie Bock,
. . and brother of Helnrich Jr., Johanna and
Willlani Bock of Pacheco. Contra Costa
County, and Mrs. M. Behr and Mrs. A.
a native of Germany, aged 32 years
¦ 7 months and 3 days.
BUNSEN— In this city, August 10, 1003, Henry
A. Biinsen, a native of Ohio, aged 31 years
11 months and 29 days.
CRemains can be wen at the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth, un-
til 4 p. m. to-day, when they will be sent to
his home In Cleveland. Ohio, where funeral
and interment will take place. ,.
DE LOSA— In this city. August 11. 1903, Anna
de Losa. dearly beloved wife of Francesco de
Losa, beloved mother of Frank, Mlele,
Nicholas, Estelle. Josephine, Rosle, Joseph,
Antone and Charlotte do Losa. beloved
daughter of Josephine Hiancht sister of Ig-
natius Matzer, aunt of Francts Morablto,
Frances Ferrari and Charlotte Gatto. and
sister-in-law of Mrs. Matzer and Mrs. Mar-
sala, aged ai> years 1 month and 11 days.
EBERLE— In this city, August 11, 1003, Wal-
burga Eberle, beloved wife of the late Aloyes
EbTle, and beloved mother of Mrs. August
Maritzen, Anton Kberle, Mis. John Jopp
und 1'eter Eberle, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged «.'! years .'! months and 3 days. ¦
FEGAN— In this city, August ft, 1903, John
Hi; beloved husband of Catherine Fegan,
father of John and Christopher Fegan, Mrs.
J. Fagan. Mrs. F. A. Hornblower and Mrs.
W. B. Birdsall, and brother of Joseph Fegan.
a native of Ireland, aged 67 years 1 month
and 18 days.
|C?° Friend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2496 Howard street, corner of
Twenty-flrst; Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
OARTLEY — In this city. August 11, 1903. Mrs.
8» J. (Jartl'y. a native of Iowa.
GREEN— In this city. August 10. 1903. Marvin
\vheeler Green, beloved htisband of Elvira
Green, and fath*r of Edwin. Lola, Wheeler
and Warren Green, a native of New York,
aged (J2 years 11 months and 9 days. lEau
Claire, Wis., papejs plea.se copy.)
tcyFrl«r.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 228 Lily avenue. . Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. Presidio.
HASLETT— In this city. August 10. 1903,
Leah, beloved daughter of David and Eliza-
beth Haslett, and sister of Robert. Nathaniel,
. Ruth and Jeannett Haslett, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 6 j
days.
VT Funeral servires to-day, August 12,
1003, at 1 o'clock, at the residence. 329 Mis-
sissippi street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HAWKSLEY— In this city, 'tgust 10. 1903.
James Horace, beloved son of Charles and
Jessie Hawksley, and brother of Alexander j
Hawksley, a native of Aurora, 111., aged IS j
years 8 months and 16 days. (Aurora. 111.,
papers please copy.) •
ICFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Wednesday, at 1
o'clock, at his late residence. 353 Alvarado
street, near Noe. Interment private.
HENNEY- In this city. August 10. 1903.
James, beloved son of Martin and Catherine
Henney, loving brother of Michael, Martin,
Thomas and Frank Henney and Mrs. John
Walsh, and uncle of Rose and Virginia
Walsh, a native of New York.
tiff lit- nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited co attend the funeral • to-day
(Wednesday), at -8:30 o'clock," from- his late
residence. 8 Hunt street, oft Third, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HESS— In this city, August 10, 1003. Lewis
Hess, beloved busband of Helena Hess, be-
loved father of Mrs. R. Littlefield, Mrs. J.
Guggenheim and Nevada, Pauline. Sellna,
Irving and Bower Hess, and brother of Mrs.
Pauline Dinkel«plcl. Mrs. Sarah Wertheimer.
Mrs. Melaine Kahn and Joseph L. and Henry
Hess, a native of New Orleans, La., aged 67
years a:id !» months.
lt_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street,
interment :>rlvate.
HOFF— In this city. August 11, 1003, Mrs.
Sarah, widow of the late Victor Hoff, a na-
tive or Lisa, ' Prussia, aged «7 years.
(E7"Funeral and interment strictly private.
HOLMES — Entered Into rest, in Oakland, at
his homo, 004 Castro street, August 11, 19Oi,
John E. Holmes Jr.. beloved husband of
Louise Holmes, and father of Mrs. A. K.
Gibhs and George, Garfield and Irene Holmes,
a native of Massachusetts, aged t;t years 4
months and 10 days. A member of Orion
Lodge No. ISO, I. O. O. F. ; Brooklyn Lodge
No. 32, K. of P.: Brooklyn Lodge No. :», A.
O. U. W. : Oakland Lodge No. 1)4. Woodmen
of the World, and past president of the State
Typographical Union of California.
HUNTER— In this city, August 11, 1903, be-
loved Infant son of Leslie and Emily Hunter,
a n&live of San Francisco.
KANE — In this city, August 9, 1903, Elizabeth
beloved daughter of the late Charles and
Elizabeth Kane, and sister of Mrs. A. Me- I
Devltt and Mrs. C. i:cDev!tt »•* San Fran-
cisco and Andrew, Catherine and Annie Kane
of Philadelphia, a native of Ireland.
B7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her 6lster, Mrs. C. McDevitt. 3743
, Twenty-sixth street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANE — In this city. August 11, 190.1. Edward
G. Lane, husband of Elizabeth Lane, and
beloved father of Laura, Charles. Willie and
Catherine Lane, a native of California, aged
;W years 0 months and 7 days.
' LAWLER— In this city, August 11, 1903 at
her residence, 411 Fifth' street, Annie ' be-
' loved wife of M. II.' Lawler, a native of
Ireland, aged 40 years.
McGlLLVART — In San Rafael, August 11
1903, WllllHm Joseph McGlllvary, dearly be-
loved and, only son of Sarah and the late
Angus McUlllvary, and brother of Kittle and
Mary McGlllvary; a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2:5 years 8 months and 4 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintance s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, . from his late
residence. 13 Valley street, 'thence to St.
• Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his noul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ••' ,
McKENNA — In this city, August 10. 1903,
John, beloved son of John and Catherine Mc-
Kenna. and brother, of P. J., Jennie and
Mary McKenna and Mrs." J. M.. Kerr, a na-
tive of Brooklyn. N. Y.. aged 86 years and
. 4 months.
fCTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resl-
dehce of hjs parents, 717 Webster street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at l>:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city,. AUgust 10, lOO.*?,
John J., husband of Mary C. McKenna. and
father of Elsie Mercedes MuKenna, a native
of Brooklyn, Js'. Y., aged .10 years and 4
months. ...
MORTON— lh this city, August 11. 1003, Mar-
garet E., widow of the late J. B, Morton, a
native of Cushlng Me.; aged S5 years 8
months and 24 das'S. . '¦
MULLEN — In thia city. August 11. 1903, M| c h-
\ x OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST f J
HENRY J. CALL ACHE R CO
' (Successors to Flannagan- & Gallagher.)
DANIEL' P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
"- 20 Fifth St.; opposite Lincoln School. •
" Teltphone South SO. ¦• . • :
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
• ¦ — Funeral Directors' and' Krnbalmers — — ->
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NdW Rf 800 MISSION. Tel. South 107.
'. Between Fourthand Fifth, Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.- .
I James Mc<Jlnn. ' '" v Henry Haaften. I
JAMES McGlNN r & CO., ' • I
- Formetly WJth McGinn Bros., . . I
——Funeral Directors and' Embalmers- — I
*¦ 214 Eddy, st.; Tel. South. 678.-- :"¦
ael Mullen/ a native Of Ireland, aged 60
ETNotice : of funeral hereafter. Remains
• at the parlors of J.. C. O'Connor & Co.. »07
Mission street, between Third and" Fourth.
MURPHYj-:In this city. August 10, 1903. Tim-;
othy, beloved, son of Timothy- and Hannah
Murphy; brother of Catherine, John/ Hannah.
PatHck and the lat* Dennis Murphy, and
nephew of the late Patrick artd Michael Des-
mond; a native of San Francisco,. -aged, 3
years and 4 months. -. " .'. - . " • .'.
ICThe funeral wllr fake place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of j. c. O'Connor & Co;. 787' Mission street.
Interment • Holy Cross Cemetery. , r ¦
RAYMOND — In San Jtwe. August . 11, 190o.
William t*:, husband of. Cornelia- Raymond.
father of Jessie R. Keating. Cornelia s>.
Pierce and Bertha' G: Fox. and brother oC
the late J/ P. Raymond, a-native of Xew
' Hampshire, aged 74 years 2 months *nd 2u
days. "¦" " .• . .' ¦
ROBIN— In this city, August 10. 1903. Sophia*
beloved wife , or. Edward M. Robin, and
mother of Mre. Ella Bishop and William T..
and Violet R. Robin, a native of Prussia.
Germany; aged 44 years 2 months and «
days. ' ' . ' . • r . ¦ • , .
ETFrtehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral services
Thursday. August 13, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
the ctiawl of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
1000- Mission street, .between- Fifteenth and
Sixteenth.-. Interment Laurel. Hill Cemetery.
SCHIELE— In this city, August 10, 1903, Al-
fred Bchiele, a native of Germany, aged .#
years. A memoer of Metal Workers' Union
No. 1. . .
ItTFrlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully'lnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty * Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city,. August 10. 1903, John S..
beloved husband of Lizzie Smith, father of
Elverton, Stanley and Annette Smith, broth-
er of C. J. and J. M. Smith, and son of Mrs.
C. H. Spencer, a native of San. Francisco,
aged 40 years.
(C7FuneraI private.
SNIBLEY— In this city, August 11. 1903. at
42fl Tehama street, Louis, beloved husband
of Mary B. Snlbley, and father of Frank.
Harvey and Walter Snlbley, Mrs. C. M.
Haybl and Mrs. Thomas Cogan of San Fran-
cisco. Mrs. W. H. Stayton of Gllroy, Cal..
Willlani O. Snlbley of Dakota City. Iowa,
Mrs. S. T. Cook of Rodman, Iowa, and the
late Maud E. Snlbley, a native of Illinois,
aged ti2 years and 3 days.
WHITE— In this city, August 11. 190.1, Cath-
erine White, beloved mother of James Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. Mary B. McCarthy of
AVashlngton. William McCarthy of New
Brunswick, Canada. Margaret C. Cameron
McCarthy of New Brunswick, Canada, and
Morris McCarthy of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Mlddieton, County Cork, . Ireland,
aged 83 yearp. (New Brunswick, Canada,
papers please copy,)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at J»:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn *: Co.. 214 Eddy
Street, thence to St. Brendan's Church for
services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
UMHALT — We desire to express our heart-
felt thankR to our many. frieVids and ac-
quaintances, also the members of Alta Lodgi-
No. J0.\ I. O: O. F., for their kindness and.
sympathy shown us in our late bereavement.
MRS. J. UMHALT AND FAMILY.
CARD 'OF THANKS.
W* beg to thank our numerous friends and
acquaintances for the sympathy and con-
dolence extended us in our late bereave-
ment at the loss of our .wife, daughter and
sister. Rose Rothschild.
LEW ROTHSCHILD.
MRS. MIRIAM GOLDBERG,
( MR8. RALPH COHEN.
MRS. PHIL LEWIS. .
MRS. MILTON A. NATHAN.President Wheeler announced that the
new physiology building- on- the Berkeley
campus would, be dedicated on August
20, Professor William Ostwald of Berlin
being present to deliver the address.- He
also announced -the resignation " of T. . L.
Heaton from the . department of educa
tion and recommended that he be re
tained as lecturer- at a salary of $200 a
year. : '
The following, students of the college
of mediqlne were granted the degree of
M. D.: Madeleine Johns, Charles L. Mc-
Kown, Mark L. Miner and Sydney V.
West.
The resignation of Dr. W. B. Lewett
from the chair of the principle and prac
tice of surgery at the dental college and
the recommendation of Dr. J. O. Sharpe
and Dr. Charles Litton to fill vacancies
in that department, were announced. J.
E. McComas was appointed patron of
the Pomona Agricultural Experiment
Station without salary. Conrad Lorlng,
an assistant In the college of civil en
gineering at Berkeley on a salary of $720,
was promoted to. the grade of Instructor
at $300. Dr. Bruce B. Hill of Grlnnell
College, Iowa, was appointed to fill' the
vacancy in" the department of physics
left by the resignation of Professor *G.
K. Burgess. ' *
Besides this pressing affair the board
settled other routine business. President
Wheeler reported that Amelia Bi Pixley,
deceased, had left In trust ?3563 22 to be
created Into a scholarship. known as the
Frank M. Pixley scholarship. He also
announced the receipt - of the annual
scholarship of 5125 from the San Jose
High School.
CHANGES IN STAFF.
Finally McEnerney introduced a motion
that the old college site, valued at $5000.
be immediately , sold. If thls^ could - not
be 'accomplished to advantage, the Pot
rero lots wore to be sold for not less than
$66,000. In case of a failure of this pro
ject also, the board was to advance the
necessary sum to keep the college In ses
sion until next June, the amount being
debited against the Toland endowment
This, however, with the understanding
that in no way was the action to be con
strued as an admission by the regents of
their financial responsibility for the med
ical college. By June that. question Is to
be settled definitely. . ' '
Regent Foster stated that only a* few
years ago the college was run by a close
corporation of medical practitioners of
this eitv and tltat the Board of Regents
never had much faith In it. He advised
that the regents immediately decide
whether or not .they desired to keep the
college In affiliation before they compro
mised themselves.
"We acreed at that time," said Rein- |
stein "that there bhould be absolutely no
distinction made against the medical de
partment. There can be no question now
of whether or not we support the col
lPRe; that has been settled.
••The university is paying money into
the departments of physiology, pathology
and anatnmv and should assist the de
partment of medicine. For the honor of
the donor who gave the university every
dollar for the support of this school we
Bhould imt kill the school and use the
funds for other purposes."
Regent McEnerney then broke in:
"We evidently have all been asleep for
ihe rast years or there have been In
serted in tne minutes motions which we
never heard of. It is ridiculous for us
to proceed upon the assumption that the
medical school is self-supporting when
it manifestly is not. I-et us come right
out and either abolish tho medical depart
ment or support It entirely."
McEnerney then suggested that the old
Tciand Moflical College building *ite. val
ued at t'jyOO, be 6old, together with the
lots, if any action at all was taken, ibut
he advised delay.
Regent Charles S. Wheeler then took a
hand in the Intricate problem.
"Tins is a crisis." he said, "which we
must m^et immediately. The school is
already $4Wl or -$5000 in arrears. Within
a week new students will be ready to
enter the college. If the institution Is
insolvent at the start we will never have
to dee'de on its status; it will be non
existent."
Carmen Swear Spouses
Supplied Money to
Build.
It is very evident that the members of
the Carmen's Union, judging from their
action yesterday in the arbitration pro
ceedings now pending between that body
and the United Railroads, believe that
there are two sides to every story.
When Attorney Moore for the United
Railroads was presenting his case in gen
eral in the arbitration proceedings he
filed the sworn statements of several
hundred carmen, who claimed to have
paved money from their earnings on the
road. Yesterday there was a decided re
versal of form. LJvernash came into
court armed with several hundred af
fidavits signed by the very same carmen,
who swore that they could not save a
cent of the money they were earning.
Livernash, as a preliminary, said that
the carmen, when they swore to the state
ments which were collected by the United
Railroad officials, never for a moment
thought that these very documents would
be used by the street car corporation
against them. In their case. Then Llver
nash commenced to read the statements
and to each one Attorney Moore would
hunt up the writer'^ original affidavit,
which would be quite different.
The comparisons between the two were
ludicrous. Some explained that the
money that they swore to possess they
earned before they became benedicts.
Others made their little surplus cash by
working as election officers, while others,
more fortunate, had married wives with
funds and through their faithful spouses'
kindly offices had become the possessors
of their own homes. One man more can
did than tho rest said he had saved $1400
to pay for his home by saving every cent
and by depriving himself of every lux
ury. He wound up his statement by say-
Ing that he would not go through the
same experience again for fourteen
homes. ~i~'-~i":''
This action on the part of the carmen
nonplused the counsel for the United
Railroads and it will lie solely with the
board of arbitration to take a choice and
decide which of the affidavits of the car
men they wish to accept.
The hearing of testimony will be con
tinued this morning at 10 o'clock.
St. Paul Arrives.
The Alaska Commercial Company's steam
ahlp St. Paul, Captain E. E. Llndquist, arrived
yesterday from Nome and Seattle. She brought
about forty paswengerB and gold dust valued at
$130,235 90. She also had on board a valuable
consignment of furs. Captain John G. Blair,
who left here on the St. Paul for the- round
trip, came home looking ten years younger.
Mrs. Ltndqnist and two children, the wife and
family of the St. Paul's captain, were also
passengers.
Negro Orator to Lecture.
Rev. Dr C. T. "Walker of New York,
one of the able negro lecturers of that
State, is in this city and will deliver a
lecture entitled "Forty Years of Freedom
for the Xmerlcan Negro: His Hindrances
and Progress," this evening at the Third
Baptist Church, 51S Pow,ell street.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing
*»aris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store' in the world. Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome.
221 Montgomery St., bet. Bush and Pino. •
COIN OF WIVES
SECURES HOMES
A* United States civil service examina
tion is announced for October 21 in this
city for the position of bookkeeper in the
departmental service: age limit 20 years
or over. Apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, "Washington. D. C..
or to the secretary, of the Consolidated
Board 6t Civil Service Examiners, S01
Jackson street, this city.
Bookkeeper Wanted.
Bank Stock paper is made up in all forms
for school and college purposes. All dealers. •
Richard Eccleston, statistician for the
United States Bureau of Immigration, has
prepared the following report of immi
gration at this port for the month of
July: Total arrivals, \fln and 320 In tran
sit. . The following are the principal na
tionalities: English 285, Japanese 269, Chi
nese 200, German 41. Spanish-American 40.
Mexican 38. Scandinavian 24, Finns 12.
Russian and French 11 each. West Indian
10. The occupations are: Mariners 92,
miners 39, merchants 68, farm laborers
; 67, farmers 29, laborers and servants 20
' each, clerks 17, teachers 17, engineers 12,
carpenters 9, clergy 8. lawyers 8. machin
ists 6, printers 4, tailors 4, actors 3. No
occupations, including women and chil
dren, 2S6.
July's Immigrants.
Ferdinand Cornehl of the firm of Meyer
& Oornfhl of this city filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. His liabilities are $700 and
he has no assets.
Petition in Insolvency.
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's, 11 Montgomery. •
Service Must Be Rendered First
In all likelihood an ordinance win be
presented at the next meeting of the
Board of Supervisors which is designed
to require the telephone company to ren
der service before coljecting the nickel
therefor. The ordinance will be on the
same line* as the one introduced In 1900
by the then Supervisor McCarthy, but
•jrhlch was defeated on final passage.
Judson Estate Distributed.
The $1,2^.000 estate of the late Egbert
Judson. the manufacturer, was ordered
distributed to the heirs in the Superior
Court yesterday. They are Charles C.
Judson, Sophie C. Benedict and Charlotte
D. Judson. They will each receive one
third of the estate. Charles C. Judson.
executor of Judson's will, filed his final
account and it was approved.
Ip ¦ometimes almost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. You find the task an easy
one if you bring your pictures to us and
try the moldings and mats here. /\Ye
have bo many varieties of moldings and
¦uch exquisite ones that a satisfactory se
l«*ction Is quickly made. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Framing the Picture
Is almost constantly irri&ted by wind
and mineral laden dust. Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed
by granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick
relief. Doesn"t smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong- Your druggist
or optician sell Murine at 50c. •
The San Francisco Eye
Such an act as this is worthy of commenda
tion, and I wish to have you thank these men
personally for me for their actions in this caa*
and assure them that what they have done will
be appreciated by this department.
Robert A. Sample, the special police
man .who • was shot twice In the head on
Folsom street, near Second," early yester
day morning, was removed from, the
Harbor Hospital to * his home at 4330
Twenty-third street yesterday. One of
the bullets was extracted at the hospital,
but the other, which. is supposed to have
lodged at the base of the skull, could not
be definitely located. It is fea*»d that this
bullet has fractured the skull, which will
render his recovery improbable.
It appears that Charles Sullivan and
John H. Powell, the two young men who
were arrested by Policemen Clark and
Nobmann, were beating Thomas Delehan
ty of 319 Fremont street at First and Clem
entina streets and Sample was notified of
the fact by Martin Kelly. Sample went
there and ordered Sullivan and Powell
away. They walked along Folsom street
toward Second, and stepped into a dark
doorway. Sample followed them and told
them to go home and not get into more
trouble. Powell jumped out of the door
way and • struck Sample, who drew hla
club , and hit Powell. Sullivan pulled
Sample to the ground, took his revolver
from him and fired two shots at his head,
both bullets taking effect.
Chief Wittman was so favorably im
pressed with the action of Motorman W.
H. Beckman and Conductor I. Watson of
car. 1005 of the Folsom-street line that he
sent the following letter yesterday to G.
F. Chapman, general' manager of the
United Railroads:
At 12:35 this morninjr Special Police Officer
Robert A. Sample was twice shot and mortally
wounded by two ruffians whom he was en
deavoring to arrest on Folsom street, near Sec
ond. Officers Nobmann and Clark arrived on
the scene immediately after the shooting, and
they report to me that the motorman and con
ductor of car No. 1005 of the Folsom-street
line allowed them to place the wounded officer
on their car and returned with him to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, where the men who had
assaulted him were brought Into his presence,
thus enabling the officers to have them Identi
fied, a»-d also to procure a statement from the
wounded officer before he lapsed into uncon
sciousness.
Regent Relnsteln then called upon Pres
ident Wheeler to state if this --was tho
status upon which the medical college
rested. When "President Wheeler declared
that such- was the case, Reinstein flatly
contradicted him with the assertion that
two years ago he made the motion, which
was accepted, to th'e effect that the medi
cal department should be considered on
the same plane as any of the depart
ments at Berkeley. /
REINSTEIN OBJECTS.
When Regent Foster of the finance com
mittee announced the adverse report upon
this proposition Regent Phoebe Hearst in
quired what was to become of the medi
cal department. Foster then replied that
when the Toland Medical College was af
filiated with the University of California
there was a distinct understanding on the
part of the regents that the college was
endowed, self-supporting and relying in
no way upon the larger institution for
financial assistance.
This Important action was precipitated
by the adverse report of the finance com
mittee on the recommendation of the
committee on medical status. This com
mittee approved the plea of the manage
ment of the medical college that the re
gents either sell the property located in
the Potrero, which is. part of the endow
ment of the college, or advance them
$66,000, the reputed value of the property,
out of the general treasury of the uni
versity.
ADVERSE BEPORT MADE.
.The affiliated college 'of. medicine of the
University of California is In imminent
danger of . passing completely out of ex
istence. After a long and acrimonious
debate yesierday afternoon the" board of
regents of the State University decided to
relieve the financial distress threatening
the life of the college as a matter .of final
resource,' but to decide within a year
whether to allow the medical department
to exist as a branch of the university or
sever all connection with the institution.
The paramount issue with the regents
was the financial status upon which the
medical department rests. A part of the
body, headed by Kegent Reinstein, main
tained that the medical college was to be
considered as a department of the univer
sity similar to any at Berkeley and re
lying for support upon the university
treasury. On the other hand, Regent Mc-
Encrney and a strong faction declared
that the college of medicine was affiliat
ed with the university on a self-support
ing basis- and advocated its immediate ex
tinction if such proved not the case.
As a compromise it was finally agreed
that the college doors should be kept
open for the next year upon the funds
accruing from the sale of prqperty left
it as an endowment by the late Dr. To
land; if such sales could not be made ad
vantageously the requisite funds to be ad
vanced by the regents. But this motion
was only passed on the strict understand
ing that the university was not to go on
record as being in any way the financial
s"upporter of that department.
The will of Franklin Heywood, the
lumberman who committed suicide July
29, of .this year, was filed for probate yes
terday. The will, which *is a typewritten
document bearing the names of three wit
nesses, was made just twenty-four days
before the death of deceased. W. B. and
Walter Heywood, brothers of the de
ceased, and H. A. Powell, the lumber
man, are named as executors. The docu
ment directs that the estate of the de
ceased, which is worth $250,000, shall be
held In trust by them until the death of
Agnes B. Hevwood, wife of the testa
tor, from whom he saparated many years
ago. They are directed to pay to her
$150 a month during her lifetime, the sum
settled upon her at the time of the sepa
ration, and a similar sum to Agnes Maud
Heywood. the adopted daughter of de
ceased. Upon the death of Mrs. Heywood
the executors shall give to the adopted
daughter nne-half of the estate and di
vide the other half between Charles, Sam
uel. W. B., Walter and Harry Heywood,
brothers of the deceased, and Hattie G.
Hunt, a sister, and C. W. and Irene Phil
lips, a nephew' and a niece. The two last
named are to divide one-seventh of half
the estate between them, and the broth
ers and sister are to receive _ the other
six-sevenths, share and share alike. The
will also directs that the executors shall
pay to J. A. Temple $30 a month dur
ing his lifetime. H. A. Powell is left
the gold watch of deceased. F. M. Trow
er. Heywood's secretary, is left $2000, and
the Heywood residence, its contents and
the horses^ind equipages of the testator
are specifically bequeathed to the adopted
daughter.
In the event of the death of the adopted
daughter before Mrs. Heywood her share
will, under the will, go to the brothers
and sister and nephew an'd niece in equal
shares.
'other Portion Willed to
Lumberman's Immediate
Relatives.
Chief Wittman Praises Oar
men for Their Prompt .
Action.
Regents Make Temporary
: Provision for the In
stitution.
University Medical De
partment Needs
• More Money.
Half Hey wood's Estate
Goes to His Adopted
Daughter. '-
Bullet Thought to Have
Fractured Base of i
His Skull.
LEAVES WIDOW
MERE ALLOWANCE
TOLAND BEQUEST
NOT BIG ENOUGH
DEATH HOVERS
OVER SAMPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1903.
14
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Our Carpet Department is an Exhibition
of the New Fall Designs for
all the Mills of America.
Another Carload of Axminstcrs, Savonerries, Wiltons, high grade Velvets,
Body Brussels and Tapestries — another 500 homes to be brightened this week.
tfapestrii S&russd&JiQe, iid* 9 Said
We enjoy the surprise and pleasure our customers evince when
they find, as they do here, desirable pattern and quality at
Such Prices as these, On Your Floor for Forty Cents a Yard.
Body Brussels for ti» 1 aa Inlaid Linoleum ford* | aa
The way our customers selected I 9 ¦¦ I It stands wear for the pattern [^ 9 h l| 9
It list week showed they agreed •* • \f V/ g Oes through; stands dampness * 9\J \f
with us that Body Brussels is the "all around carpet." for oil and cork won't absorb it; will stand Inspection
Hall, stair, ANY ROOM. We have borders to match. on its merits. On Your Floor for $1 a square yard.
Sewed, Lined, Laid on Your floor for a Dollar a yard. _ „ _ . _,, _ _ _.
Tapestry Brussels for aa^ Jg J»t Woo Smyrna Rugs .
,,, r ,, / . , I fil B/* The atest in true Orienta pat- A&* ksJ tea
14 rooms, 6, orta*. somt of them the I II ThMe fckk d(mb , e faced | FJ |"
cnta»k«se«>s the record <mth»E»le S VV' \ • | / i *%
WSS^^^mM factIon - B * e " ou ' M °° i f ° r §||11
Tapestry Brussels for Mfiu 3^ 6 feet Smyrna for j Af
Scroll. Oriental, Floral, laree and small g|l Ml J " St th *~ b " 1 a " ar ° U " d °"' I • X ©1
figured. Cashmere, red green and blue. VVV cntal designs, reversible; see them, -* • S
Every facility for selecting. On Your Floor for 6oc Mitt inn OA , J DaII a a b»
I inftlPiim fnrk anri Oil a r\ Matting, 20 yd. Roll *J (\ r
LljlUltiU.il, l/UI K dllU UII, A A |^ T Enough of the special 2 o yd. rolls for / U^
Bright, new patterns. The best that is £&| wi another week. Measure your rooms & aai% / \J
made in its grade. Laid, for 40c sq. yd. -"- Vf W ' see if 20 yards wont do; a little piece over is very useful"
Closing: Out Drapery Goods
30c Burlap, Closing Out at, yard \§r 25c Oriental Denims, a yard, lK r
You drape or cover most anything with it. - '/• -^ : '.r Make your own couch covers, portieres; .
Figured, flowers and solid colors, in variety— 15 c. and curtains. East Indian, Persian, Turkish. • '
Dainty Japanese Crape. Pretty flower, and gold decorated, as only Japs can do it; 3 yard, 7. 1-2 C.
"The Credit House" v
233 235 237 Post Street : ;
AMUSEMENTS.
Skin Tortured
Babies
Rest for Tired
Mothers
In Baths With
And gentle applications of : Caticura
Ointment, pnrest and sweetest of
emollients and greatest of. skin cores.
This Is the. purest, . s weotest, most
speedy, permanent and economical treat-
ment for torturing, disfiguring, itching,
burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted and
pimply skin »nd scalp humours, ecze-
mas, rashes and Irritations, with loss of
hair, of Infants and children, is well as
adults, and is rare to succeed when all
other remedies and physicians fail. \
Summer cure* art speedy, permanent
and economical. . .
Beld thraukamt U>« worW C«Me«r« «o«p, tU.OinU
mast. Me., BMoWmt. M«. (in fcnn of ChoeoUt* 0mm4
ruia,*1e. p«r rial of «0>. D.jwu I L*»don. V ChtrUr-
kmiM ft*.s r»H». « Baa 4* U pilxi Bottom. VCJ Criutn
A*«. r«M«T Dr»f ft Chan. Cory . Sola rwpriatan.
m-Hmk im - C.tl«« IkU Book." T-
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
NEW
This week wa will disDlau our first
Importation of NEW SILKS for Fall, 1903,
and call particular attention to the following
special numbers. •
20-inch COLORED PEAU DE SOIE, in a
full assortment of colors, including Whits
and .Cream, p ricc g 5c yd#
20-inch BLACK PEAD DE SOIE, all pure
silk and a veru heavy lustrous aualitu.
Price 75c yd.
21-inch COLORED SILK POPLINS (French
manufacture), in a complete assortmant of
the latest shades, including Cream' and
wnlte Price $1.00 yd.
.100 pieces 19-inch COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, a veru heavu lustrous aualitu, one that
will give good wear, in complete assortment of
all the newest shades, rw«^ia 7C^ *r#i
if I ICC ftJC jvi.
..We will also continue this week our
SPECIAL SALE OF LADIES' FINE MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR, consisting of gowns, chemises,
skirts, corset covers and drawers, handsomelu
trimmed with lace and embroideru, 'at EX-
CEEDINGLY LOW PRICES.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
APVEBTI&EMENT3.
Open Your Eyes 1
Before You Open Your Purse
The surest test you can make in buy-'
ing Clothing is by comparison— not
alone in quality, fit and style, but prices :
also. We invite the same rigid exam-
ination here as we advise elsewhere.
There's not a value in -this big, new
vestibule store that you can match any-
where in the city. Every garment
. we carry for Man, Boy or Child is a
money-saver for you.
Our values will open your eyes.
Our prices will tickle your purse.
WHOLESALE Miff 1UM A M RE TAIL ING
clothiers! I!Ll°1 IAi direct to you
516-51SMARKET STH-HIICONI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEFORE. AFTER.
FINDING
WM. HATTEROTH in his new es-
tablishment. 224 Sutter st. Fitting
trusse3, supporters. Elastic Stock-
jhngs. etc.
"King of ell Bottled Beers.**
Brew 01J from Bohemias* Hops*
SOU) EVERY WttERB.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
.CUTLERY
EVEROLAEEMRRAWED
( DR.PIERCE'S
€*€$ ELIDE FU
MEDICAL
EIISCOVEiSV
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.UVER.LgJNGS.
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIRING^
J. MAKTY. 22 TURK ST.
Factory 82C Howard at. *