As you may bo sure. Major Patrick
Ferguson was far too good a soldier to
leave his. camp unguarded ; on any side,
and while we were yet a far cannon shot
from the glimering flres a sentry's chal-
IN WHICH WE FIND THE GUN
' MAKER. *
CHAPTER XXXVIII.
lenge halted us. I.'tK'S.
To the man's "Halt! Who goes there?"
I gave the word "Friends." salving my
conscience for the needful lie as I might.
"Advance, friends, and give the coun
tersign." ; •
I confessed my ignorance of the night
word, saying that we were a paroled
prisoner and a bearer of dispatches,: and
asking that we be taken Major Fer
puson's headquarters. There was some
little cautious demurring on tho part of
the sentry, but finally he passed the
word for tho guard captain and we were
escorted to the tent of the field-comman
der. . . .
I-marked the encampment as I could
in passing through it. The little army
was three-fourths made up of Tory mili
tia; and there was drinkkig and song
singing and a plentiful lack of discipline
around the campflres of these auxiliaries.
But a different air was abroad in, the
camp of the regulars; you would gee a
soldierly alertness on the part of "the
men. and there .was no roystering in that
quarter. . .
. Major Ferguson's tent was on^a hillock
some distance back of the stream, and
thither 'we were conducted; we, I- say,
"meaning - Tybee and ; myself, for - Unca
noola had disappeared like a whiff' of
smoke at our challenging on the sentry
nne. BB9H9^0BpGBBHR38N
Late as it was. ; the ¦ major was up ' and
hard • at - work. -His tent table, trans
formed-for the time. into a mechanic's
workbench, was littered with gun "bar
rels and tools and screws and odd-shaped
pieces of mechanism— the -. disjointed
parts of -that breech-loading" musket . of
which . the ingenious Scotchman was" the
inventor, i. '('¦'..•
. ¦ Being deep In the creative trance when
1 Ah',. my dears, that was a moment for
swift thought and-stili swifter action;
and 'tis the Ireton genius to be slow
and • sure and no' wise .."gleg at the up
tak',** as a Scot ; would . say. Yet. ~for
this ' onoe my \ good angel gave me a
prompting and the wit to use it. In that
clock-tick of benumbing 'despair when
the success of the hazardous. venture and
much -more; that I", wist 'of hung- sus
pended by a hair. 'over the abyss of fail
ure, • ;- 1 >' minded me of : a boyish ? trick
wherewith I used to if right ;. the timid
blacks in the old days; at Appleby/Hun
dred. 1 ;' So iwhile . the ; major J was .; reach
ing for -the packet—nay, ; when ¦ he had
it in ;his ; ;hand— I started back; with r a
warning cry,, giving, that imitation of .the
ominous skir-r-r of a rattlesnake which
had more than • once • got * me a cuffing
from my. father. '¦
"I also have the honor to come from
my Lord Cornwallis, bringing dis
patches"—so far. I got in ray cut-and
dried speech, and then my tongue clavo
to the roof of my mouth and I could
no" more finish sentence . than could
a man suddenly- nipped In a vise. In
stead ; of the , carefully doctored original.
I had given the major the duplicate dis
patch taken from Tybee. '
we came upon him, the major 'gave us
but an abssnt-minded greeting, listening
with .the outward ear only when Tybee
reported bis mission and his capture and
parole.
"From my lord, ye say? I hope yo
left him well," was all the answer the
lieutenant got. the inventor fitting away
at his gun puzzle the while. i
. Tybee made proper rejoinder and stood
aside to give me room. I drew a sealed
inclosure from my pocket and laid it on
the workbench table.
Pengarvin fought like a fury,
and his venomous rage defeated
all his ' attempts to say . calmly ";the
words which might have got him a hear
ing. So he was haled away, spitting and
struggling. like a trapped wildcat, .and
when we were rid of him the major bade
us good-night again. ' : " ¦¦..•" •
-Tybee held. his peace like a good fellow
till we had rolled us in our blankets.be
fore one of the camp flres. ¦ But just aa I
"A lunatic, eh?, He looks it. every
inch." said the major; and the black
guard lawyer, hearing my. counter ac
cusation, was doing his best to give It a
savor of likelihood by fighting frantically
with the two soldiers who had followed
him into the tent. , ';
i "Out wi* him!" commanded the major.
"We've no; time to foolish away wi\ a
Take him away and peg him
out, and gP him a dash o' water to cool
his head." ¦
You will conceive that I was "overjoyed
at this, seemingly safe and easy planting
of the ' petard which was to blow my
Lord Cornwallis* plans into the air; and
in anticipation I saw the tide-turning
battle and heard the huzzas of the moun
tain victors. But 'tis a good old- saw that
cautions against hallooing before you are
out of the wood. Captain de Peyster
was come, and Tybee and I were taking
our leave of the major, when there was
a sudden -commotion among the guards
without, and a little man in black, his
wig awry and his clothing, torn by the
rough man-handling of the sentries, burst
into the tent.
"Seize him! Seize him! He is a rebel
spy!" he shrieked, pointing at me.
As you would guess, all talk paused at
this dramatic Interruption, and all eye3
were turned upon me. Had the littla
viper been content to rest his charge up
on the simple accusation, I know not
what mlcht have happened. But when
he got hia breath he burst out in a tirade
of the foulest abuse, cursing me up one
side and down the other, and enftns in
a gibbering fit of rage that left him pal
lid and f oamlns at the lips— and gave me
my cue. "
•"Tis the little madman of Queens
borough," I said, coolly, explaining to
the bluff major. "His mania takes the
form of a curious hatred for me, though
I loiow not why. Two days since, he was
put in arrest by my lord's authority for
threatening my life and that of his mas
ters daughter. Now, it would seem, he
, has broken jail - and followed ; me hither."
I clicked my heels, saluted, and gave
him the express from my lord — the right
one. this time. He tore off the wrapping,
swore a hearty soldier oath when he read
the fore part of the letter and clapped
his leg. joyfully, like the brave gentleman
that he was. when he came to the post
criptum.
"Ye're a fine fellow, captain: ye've
brought me good news," he said; then
he bade an aide call Captain de Peyster.
his second in command, and in the same
breath gave Tybee and me in charge to
an ensign for our billeting- for, , the night.
"Damme! see now what you've done;
you've fspllt my breech-charger all about
the place!" rasped the major, when all
was over. And then: "Who the devil are
ye, anyway: and what do ye want wl'
me?"
In any crisis less tremendous I should
have roared a-laughing to see the dough
ty major and my good friend the lieu
tenant vie with each' other in their skip
pings to escape the unseen enemy. But
It was no, laughing moment for me. At
a 'flash my sword was out and I was
hacking hither and yon at the imagin
ary foe. In the hurly-burly I contrived
to sprawl all across the work-bench
table, and the packet. which would have
killed my plot — and, belike, the plotter
as well— was reared and quickly jagged
Into hiding. ;
"The end is not yet. my good friend;
and I may not come off better than the
others," I rejoined. And with that we
fared on again till we .. could see • the
campfires of "Ferguson's little army
twinkling between the tree trunks.
We pressed forward in silence through
the shadowy labyrinth of the wood for a
time, but at the crossing of a small run
let vrhere we would stop to let the horses
drink. Tybee burst out a-laughing. *<
..J," Tis as sood as a play," he said.
Three several times I've had to change
my mind about you, Captain 7 Ireton, and
I'm not cock-sure I have your measure
yet. But I'll say this: if you've strung
my lord successfully, you'll be the first
to do it and come off alive in the end."
He looked a little rueful, as a good
soldier would, but was disposed to make
the best of a bad bargain.
"Here's my hand on it," he said; and a
little later we had dragged the two
troopers to the cabin, where the old man
became surety for their safe keeping,
and' were feeling our way cautiously
westward at the heels of the Catawba,
who had taken his directions from our
patriarch.
"But you are." I rejoined, rather
shamefacedly, yet thankful to the finger
tips that I had not consented to a mas
sacre. "I am for the Congresi and the
Commonwealth, lieutenant, and you are
my prisoner. May I trouble you for tho
dispatcher? you carry?"
He looked up at me with a. queer gri
mace on his boyish face.
"The ¦• devil! but you're a cool hand,
Captain Ireton! Whatever you were in
that coll at Appleby, you've led the spy's*
long suit thi.s time. And I'm not sure
whether I like you any-the worse for it,
if so be you must be a rebel." And with
that, he' gave me the sealed packet and
asked me what I would do with hfm.
His query set me thinking. As for tho
two stunned tropers, l meant to turn
them over to the old man for safe keep-
Ing;- but I was loth to make it harder
than need ba .for this good-natured
youngster. So I put him upon his honor.
"Do you know what this packet con
tains?" I astted. .
He laughed. "My lord did not honor
me with his confidence. I was to follow
you in to Major Ferguson's camp, deliver
the dispatches and vanish."
VGood; then you need tell no lies..
When the Indian has fetched my horse,
I shall ride to Ferguson's camp, and you
may ride with me. I shall ask no more
than this: that .you do not fight again
till you are exchanged: and that you will
not tell Major Ferguson whose prisoner
you are. Do you accept the terms?"
"Gad! I'd be a fool not to. But what's
in the wind, captain? Surely you can
tell me, now that I am safely out of the
running.
"You will know in a day or two; and
in the meantime Ignorance is your best
safety.' You can tell Major. Ferguson
that you were waylaid on the road by a
party of the enemy, and that you were
paroled and fell in with me."
"Gad! my captain." he said, feeling his
throat. "If you have a grip like that for
your*friends, I'm damned glad I'm not
your enemy."
"Enough, man! 'tis as good'- as a
feast!" he cried, when I had him fast
pinioned; and thereupon I let him have
breath and freedom to sit up. In the
act he had his first good sight of me,, as
I had mine of him. jj Twas Tybee and no
other. i',\i; .'. ' . .
Lacking the Catawba to guide us, I
doubt if either the old man or I could
have found my rear-guard's bivouac near
the trail I had left. But Uncanoola led'
us straight through the pitchy darkness;
and when' we were come upon the three
soldiers we found them all asleep around
the handful of 'campnre.
'Twould have been murder outright to
kill them thus, and now I. thinkthe old
patriarch forgot his wrongs' and was as
merciful as I. ' But not so the Catawba."
He had armed, himself with a stout' war
club, and before I was free to stop him
'he had knocked two of the three sleepers'
senseless, and -would' have battered^ out
their brains buff or' the old^man's inter
vention..' • - ; ;v.- „- """v"- i. ;: .- ".'¦¦ .-''"'
As for \he otflcer, 11 -! had filing myself
upon him in the rush and-wai having -a'!
pretty handfuFVof him. .-But though .he
was broad in the sh : oulderH.ain<l es:ugiler
as a cat. ho »y*as taken at;' a /sleeping
man's disadvantage, so^T presently
had the better'of him.'' ¦' '.':'.'¦ ';
I ro«e. turning iny back upon the chlm
new corner and its holdings with a sigh.
For now the time was come for action,
and I must needs be a man o* blood and
iron again.
The old man sanded the wet ," pen
ctiokes and bade me say if it would
serve, 'Twas a most beautiful forgery.
My lord's crabbed handwriting. was cop
ied to a nicety, and of the two signatures
"CORNWALLIS."
"Since writing the foregoing I have
your courier and his dispatches. Lieu
tenant Colonel Tarleton with four hun
dred of his legion will take the road for
you to-night. If battle is forced upon
:, make a stand and hold the enemy in
ci.eck till reinforcements come. '
How to rhanpe such an order to re
verse its effect. I knew no more than a
yokel; but here again my ancient ally
showed himself to be a man of parts.
Dressing th«> pen to make it 4 the fellow
of that utsed by my Lord Corawallls. he
scanned tho handwriting of the letter
closely, made a few practice pothooks to
get the imitative hang of it, and wrote
this postscriptura at the bottom of the
¦ "'Tis a long story and I may not take
¦^Kie time to tell it now. But a word will
suffice. I-lk* yourself, I made my sub
mission — and for the same purpose. My
lord accepted it and made me his dis
patch bearer because he thought I knew
the way to Ferguson when no one else
know it. Eut enough of this; time
presses. Let me have ink and the quill."
The old man led the way into the cabin
and put his writing tools at my disposal.
Left to myself. I should have broken the
meal of the packet, but my wise old ally,
cool and collected now. showed me how
to eplit the paper beneath ths wax.
Opened and ppread before us on the rude
Blab table, the letter proved to be the
briefest of military commands: a per
emptory order to Ferguson to rejoin the
rziixln body at once, proceeding by forced
marches If needful, and on no account to
risk engagement with the over-mountain
men.
He looked M rae narrowly. "Ferguson
left Gilbert Town some days since. Ir
•us the pirec von seek, you are gone far
out of your way: if 'tis the man— . '
—T:s tho man." 1 cut in hastwy.
The patriarch shook his head.
•'If you I*- of our side, as you say, tie
viii hang ym out of hand."
~£o 1 can mrke my errand good, I care
;:ttlo how soon he har.gs me."
"Ai:d what may your errand be? aiay
fcsp I can hrlp you."
-It is to brii.g him to a standstill the
mountain Tn«^n can overtake him."
The old rr.an trembled with excite
ment like a boy golnc into his first bat
tl(^h if you could-if you could!" he
cried "But 'tis too late now. Listen:
his present camp is bat three miles to
the westward on Buffalo Creek. I was
there no longer ago than the Wednesday.
I I made niy submission to him — curse
him— bo that I might mayhap learn of
his plans. He told me all; how that now
he was safe; that the mountaineers were
gone off from the fording of the Broad
on a false scent; that Tarleton with four
hundred of the legion would soon be
marching to his relief.
"I stole away when I could, and that
night took horse and rode twenty miles
to Tom Sumter's camp at Flint Hill — all
to little purpose. I fear. Poor Tom is
Btill desperately sick of his Fishing Creek
wounds and Colonel Lacey was the only
officer fit to go after Shelby and the
mountain men to set them straight. I
"should have gone myself, but — "
"Stay, my good friend," said I; "you
go toofast for me. If Ferguson is still
out of communication with the main at
Charlotte we may halt him yet."
The old man made a gesture of impa
tience.
"'Tis a thing done because it is as
good as done. The major will break
camp and march to-morrow morning, and
he can reach Charlotte at ease in two
<iays. What with their losing of his
trail the mountain men are those same
two days behind him."
"None the less, we shall halt him."
said L "Have you ever an lnkhorn and
a quill in your cabin?"
"Both; et your service, sir. But I can
not understand — "
"We may call it the little maid's Judg
ment on those who have made her father
less. But for her stopping of me I
ehould have come unprepared into the
camp of the enemy. I am the bearer of
a letter from Lord Cornwallis to this
•ame Major Ferguson."
"You? — a bearer of Lord Cornwallis*
dispatches T' The old man put a blade's
length between us and held the little one
eloft as if he feared I might do her a
mischief. I laughed and bade him be
comforted.
"Ha:" said the old man. starting back;
"then you are for our side? But your
uniform—"
"Is that of an .Austrian ofneer. my good
Fir. which I should right gladly exchange
for th* bufT and blue, but that I can
serve the cause better In this."
Ke <!rop^ed the Queen's-arm, took the
child from me and bade me welcome to
his rabin and all it held. But I was not
minded to make hin a shcrer in my pri
vate peril.
••No" raid I. "Tell me how I may
fir.d Gilbert Town and Major Ferguson's
rendezvous, and I -will ride while I can
see lh« v.-av."
"Enough, sir," I said, when I could
trust myself to cj>eak. "This same King
George's minions have made me a home
less outcast, too. I live but to give some
counter stroke, if I may."
He stopped and choked; and the child
looked up Into my face with her blue
eyes full of nameless terror. "Oh, I
want my mammy!" she cried. "Won't
you find her for me. Captain Jack?"
I slipped from the saddle, still clasping
the little cne tightly in my arms.
He came a step nearer and faced me
boldly. "Listen, sir: Two of my sons
were left on the bloody field of Camden,
and the butcher Banastre Tarleton slew
the other two et Fishing Creek. A
month since a band of roving savages,
armed with King George's muskets, mind
you, sir, came down upon us at Northby,
and this little maid's mother — "
n / IS eyes flashed and he drew him
1 \ self up proudly.
I I "The ICIng has taken all. sir, as
X J you see," this with a wave of the
%y hand to point me to the forlorn
homestead. "There is naught left me
save this poor hut and my little maid."
This man gave his testimony briefly,
tellins.but the bare truth. A week ear
lier I had passed in Davie's camp
for a true blue patriot, this though
J was wearing a ragged Brit
ish uniform at the moment. As
.for the witness himself, he had mis
doubted me all along, but the colonel
had trusted me and had sent me on
some secret mission, the; Inwardness of
which he. John Whittlesey, had been un
able to come at. though he confessed
that, he had tried to worm it out of me
before parting company with me on tho
road to Charlotte.
I looked from one to another of my
judges.
"If this be all. gentlemen, the man
does but confirm my story." I said.
"It is not all.", said Shelby. "Mr.
Pengarvin, stand forth."
There was another stir in the back
grounding group * and the pettifogger
edged his way into the circle, keeping
well out of hand reach of me. How ha
had made shift to escape from Fergu
son's men, to change sides, and to turn
up .thus serenely In the ranks of the
over-mountain men. I know not to this
day. nor ever shall know.
. "Tell these gentlemen what you have
told me." said Shelby, onefly. and the
factor, cool and collected now. rehearsed
the undeniable facts: how in Charlotte I
had figured as a member of Lord Corn
wallis' military family; how. as Lord
Cornwallis' trusted aid-de-camp, I had
"Who says that word of me?" I de
manded, caring not much for that to
which his threat pointed, but something
for my good name.
Shelby turned and beckoned to a man
in the group behind him. "Stand out.
John Whittlesey." he directed; and I
found myself face to face with that rifle
man of Colonel Davle's party who had
been so fierce to hang me at the fording
of the Catawba.
But now again Sevier and Shelby, sec
onded by the fiery Presbyterian, William
Campbell, flung themselves into the
breach, pleading for delay and a fair
trial for such as were blood guilty. And
so the dismal night, made chill and com
fortless by the cold wind and most dole
ful by the groans and cries of tha
wounded, wore away, and the dawn o£
the Sunday found us lying as we wera
in the bloody shambles of the hilltop.
The dead buried and the wounded
cared for In some rough and ready fash
ion, preparations were made in ail haste
for a speedy withdrawal from the neigh
borhood of the battlefield. Rumor had it
that Tarleton, with his invincible legion,
was within a few hours' march: and the
mountain m<?n, sodden weary with the
toils of the flying advance and the hard
fought conflict, were in no fettle to copo
with a fresh foe.
As yet I had not made myself known
to the patriot commanders, having my
hands and heart full with the care ot
poor Tybee. who was grievously hurt,
and being in a measure Indifferent to
what should befall me.
But now as we were about to march I
was dragged before the committee of
colonels and pnt to the question.
"Your uniform is a strange one to us.
sir." said Isaac Shelby, looking me up
and down with that heavy-lidded right
«-ye of his. "Explain your rank and
standing. If you please."
I told my story simply, and. as I
thought, effectively; and had only blaclc
looks for my pains.
"'Tls a strange tale, surely, sir — too
strange to.be believable." quote Shelby.
"You are a traitor. Captain Ireton— of
the kind we need not cumber ourselves
with on a march."
For hia battleground Major Ferguson
chose the top of a forest-covered hill,
the last and lowest elevation in the spur
named that day Kings Mountain.
And if my hand were not sure enough
to draw you some speaking picture of
this, our epoch-marking battle of Kings
Mountain, which followed Indeed all too
swiftly, it falters still more on coming
to the task of setting forth the tragic
horrors of the dreadful after-night.
Wherefore I pray you will hold me ex
cused, my dears, if I hasten over tha
events tripping upon the heels of the
victory, touching upon them only as they
touch upon my tale.
• But as for the stage setting of tha
after-scene you may hold in your mind's
eye the stony hilltop strewn with th«
dead and dying; the huddle of cowed
prisoners at the wagon barricade; tha
mountaineers, mad with the. victor's
frenzy, swarming to surround us. 'Twas
a clipping from chaos and night gone
blood-crazed till Sevier and Isaac Shelby
brought somewhat of order out c± it;
and then came the reckoning.
Of the seven hundred-odd prisoner*
the greater number were Tories, many
of them red-handed from scenes of ra
pine in which their present captors had
suffered the loss of all that men hold
dear. So you will not wonder that there
were knives and rifles shaken aloft and
tierce and vengeful counsels In which Mi
was proposed to put the captives one
and all to the cord and tree.
The camp was astir early the' next
xnorninz and it soon became noised about
that we were to fall back, but only so
far as might be needful to find a strong
position. From this It was evident that
a battle was Imminent, though as yet
there were no signs of the approach of
the patriots.
From the camp talk we, Tybee and I.
gleaned some- better information of tho
situation. A fortnight earlier Major
Ferguson had captured two of the over
mountain men ox Clark's party and had
sent them to the settlement on the
Watauga with a challenge in due form
—or rather with the threat to come and
lay the over-mountain region waste in
default of an instunt returp of the pio
neers to their allegiance to the king.
This challenge, so our scouts told us,
had been immediately accepted. Sevier
and Shelby had embodied some two hun
dred men each from the Watausa and
the Holston settlements, and colonel
William Campbell, the stout old Presby
terian Indian lighter, had joined them
with as many more Virginians.
Crossing the mountain these three
troops had fallen in with other scattered
parties of the border patriots uniler Ben
jamin Cleaveland, Major Chronicle and
Colonel Williams of South Carolina, un
til now, as the scouts reported the chal
lenged outnumbered tne challengers.
Learning this Ferguson, who was as
prudent as he was brave, thoughx it best
to make his stand at some point nearer
the main body of the army; and sd tha
withdrawal from Gilbert Town had fall
en into a retreat and a pursuit.
From what Captain de Peyster has
since told me there would seem to be
little doubt that the major meant to
flght when he had maneuvered himself
Into a favorable position; this in spite of
Lord Cornwallis' commands to the con
trary. In his dispatches he was con
tinually urging the need for a bold push
In his quarter and asking for Tarleton
and a sufficient number of the legion to
enable him to cope with a mounted en
emy. But be this as it may. the garbled
letter I had brought him turned what
ever scale there wa3 to turn. He had
now with him some eleven hundred reg
ulars and Tories, the latter decently well
drilled; he had every reason-to expect the
needed help from Cornwallis; and on the
night of my arrival he had word that
another Tory force under Major. Gibbs
would join him in a day or two at far
thest.
THB THUNDER OF THE CAPTAINS
AND THE SHOUTING.
CHAPTER XXXIX.
A Little Traitor
to tHe So-utH,
Cyrxzs Townseraci
Brady's
Great Novel,
Begins in the Big
CHristmas Call
Next tSunday.
After a time the child fell asleep, and
I craved permission to put her, in the lit
tle crib bed In the chimney corner.' The
flickering light of the fire fell ' upon .. her
.Uncanoola sat apart in stoical silence,
smcking his long-stemmed pipe. The
old man and '. I talked in low : tones, or
rather he would tell me of his past while
I sat and listened, holding the little maid
in my armsJWRBBjBSBSKK
When all was settled the old man gave
us a supper of his humble fare, after
which we went Into the open again to sit
out the hours of waiting. The rain had
ceased, but the night was cloudy and the
darkness a soft black veil to shroud the
nearest objects. High overhead the au
tumn, wind was sighing In the ¦ tree- tops,
and now and again a sharper gust would
bring down a pattering volley of lodged
rain droDs from the fallen leaves. •
So now I made him known to my pa
triarchal host, who all this time had
been standing guard at the cabin door
with the old Qucen's-arm for a weapon.
So we three sat- on the doorstone and
planned it out. When the night was far
enough advanced we would stalk the sol
diers in their camp, rparing life as we
could.
The bloodthirstiness of my two allies
was appalling. But I undertook to cool
the Indiana ardor, explaining that the
redcoat soldiers were the Longknlfe's
brothers, in a way. not to be slain save
In honorable battle. • I am not sure
whether I earned the Catawba's con
tempt or his pity for my weakness; but
since he was loyal to the son of his old
benefactor first, and a savage afterward,
he yielded. the nolnt
He spat unpon the ground. ' "Catawba
chief has no master," he said, proudly.
"Redcoat palefaces yonder." pointing
back the way I had come. "Make fire
boil tea. sing song, heap smoke pipe."
"We must take them," said I.
He nodded. "Kill 'em all; take scalp
Wan!" ' . ' •
I saw his drift, and though I knew
his courage well, the boldness of the
thing staggered me. He, too, had pene
trated to the inner lines of the British
encampment at Charlotte; and when they
had sought an Indian tracker to lift my
trail 'twas he who had volunteered. But
now my spirits rose. With this unex
pected ally we might hope to deal force
fully and yet fairly with my rear-guard.
"Where are. your, masters now?" I
asked.
"What else did she say?" I demanded.
"No say anyt'ing else; *ay # good-by. f "
He turned upon me at that and I saw
why he had kept his face averted. He
had on the war palnt-of a Cherokee chief.
"Uncanoola good Chelakee now." he
grinned. "Help redcoat soldter find Cap
tain Longknife. Wah."
Luckily, he had the wit not to move.
"No kil! Lncanoola." he muttered, this
without the stirring of a muscle. Then,
as If he were talking' to the horse:*
"White squaw, she send 'um word; say
'good-by.' "
My point dropped as if another blade
had parried the thrust. - - "•¦
">il3tress Margery, yr-u mean? Do you
come from her?"
"She send 'um word; say 'good-by,* "
he repeated.
"Injun man!", was all she-could say;
but that was enough. At a bound 1
reached the door. An Indian was at my
horse's head, loosing the halter, as I
thought. Before he could twist to face
me the point of the Ferrara was at his
back.
Where this argument would have led
us in the end, I know not, since we were
both waxing warm upon it. But In the
midst the, little maid came running in
from the open door, her blue eyes wide
in childish terror. -"• •'
"A true patriot should hojd himself
ready to give his own life or "take an
other's," quoth he. ¦ .
"Truly; and I am most willing on both
heads. But we have had enough and
more than enough of midnight massa
cre." . . ¦ -
Never smile, my dears, and hint that I
had found me a new heart of mercy since
that ambusk-killinn of the three Chero
kee peace-men' in the lone valley of the
western mountains. We did but give the
savages a dole out of*- their own 1 store of
cruel cunning and ferocity. But as for
these my trackers, three of them, at
lenst. were soldiers and men of my own
race. I could not do it-. :
"No." said I. firmly. "These followers
of mine must be stopped, -as you say.
else there is r.o need of my going on. put
there must be no butcher's work." .
The patriarch frowned and wagged hi's
beard again. '¦ • .-.-• . -¦• .
I thought upon it for a little space.
'Twas rr^*»« so easy to decide. On one
hand, stern loyalty to the cause I had es
poused passed instant sentence on these
four men whose lives stood in the way;
on the other, common humanity cried out
ami called it murder.
"But, my good friend, you forget
there are four of themnndonly^two of
us! We should stand, little chance with
them in fair fight." ~< . > ;
Again the old man's eyes snapped and
glowed as if pent-fires were behind. them.
"Was it fair fight' when' Tarleton's men
rode in upon Tom Sutnter's rest camp at
Fishing Creek and cut 'down this little
maid's father while he was naked -and
bathing In the stream? Was it fair flght
when KIr.g George's Indian devils came
down in the dead of night upon our- de
fenseless house at Northby? Never talk
to me of fairness, sir. while all .this
bloody tyranny is afoot!"
"No more than I did an hour ago. ;. As
I take it, they are depending on me to
show them the way."
"Well, then; dead men tell no tales." '
He fell to pacing up and down before
the fire on the hearth, and I took the
small one on my knee to let her chatter
to me. 'Twas five full minutes before
my ancient gave me the worth ¦ of his
cogitations, but when he did speak It
was much to the purpose.
'These marplot rear-guards of yours
will spoil it all if they come to" Fergu
son's camp either before br after. you. Do
they know the major's present where
abouts?" . ' '" "•'.' t-
I told him I was; told him of my lord's
plot within a plot— that three light-horse
riders, one of them a lieutenant bearing
duplicate dispatches, had been hard upon
my heels all the way from Charlotte.
At this the old warhorse— I learned
afterward that he had fought through
the French and Indian war — wagged hia
beard and his eye flashed. •
"We must stop them." he said. "Three
of them, do you say?"
"Three white men and en Indian
trailer."
"Ha! If It were not for th« little
maid. • • • Let me think."
I doubt if the earl himself 'c0ui4.ha.ye
told which was his own; 'twas thesiuhe
circle "C." the same printing "r," the
same heavy precision throughout.
"Capital:" said I. "Now. if the light
ning would but strike these pursuers of
mine, we should have the Scotsman at
bay in a hand's turn."
"How?" said the patricrch; "are you
followed?"
innocent face when I loosed the clasp of
the tiny hands about my neck and laid
her down. Again the wave of softness
submerged me and I bent to leave a kiss
upon the sweet unconscious lips. ; > •
Ah, my dears, you may smile again, if
you will: but at that moment I had a
far-off glimpse of the beatitude of father
hood; I' was no longer the hard old sol
dier I have drawn for you: I was but a
man, hungering and thirsting, for the
love of a wifo and trusting, clinging lit
tle children like thU twitt maid.
Sunday Call
Literary Section
was dropping asleep he broke out with.
"I would you might tell ma what pieca
of rebel villainy this is that I've been a
winking accomplice to."
I laughed. " 'Tis a thing to maks Ma
jor Ferguson rejoice, as you saw. And
surely. It can be no great villainy to
give a man what he's thirsting for. Dido
your time, lieutenant, and you shall see
ih« outcome."
THE MASTER OF APLEBYvaguely at first, but presently with
startling emphasis, that It was the west
ering sun which was shining in at the
high roof windows, that the shackles
were still on. and that my temples were
throbbing with a most skull-splitting
headache. ¦¦¦¦
Being fair agasp with astoundment at
this new spinning of fate's wheel. T
sprang up quickly— and was as quickly
glad to fall back upon the pallet. For.
with the upstart a heaving nausea came
to supplement the headache, and for a
Ion- time I lay bat-blind and sick as any
landsman in his first gale at sea.
Tho sunlight was fading from the
high windows, and I was deep sunk In a
sick man's megrims before aught came
to disturb the silence of the cobwebbed
garret. : From nausea and racking pains
I had coma to the stage of querulous
self-pity. 'Twas monstrous, this bury
ing a man alive, ill, fettered, uncared
for, to live or die in utter solitude as
might happen. I could not < remotely
guess to whom I owed this dismal fate,
and was too petulant to speculate upon
it. But the meddler, friend or foe, who
had bereft me of my chance to die while
I was fit and ready came in for a Turk
ish cursing — the curse that calls down In
all the Osmanli variants the same pangs
in^duplicate upon the banned one.
It was in the midst of one of these Im
potent fits of malediction that the wain
scot door was opened and closed softly,
and light footsteps tiptoed to my bed
side. • I shut my eyes willfully when a
voice low and tender asked: "Are you
awake Monsieur John?*!
« I hope you will hold me forgiven, my
dears. If I confess that what with the
nausea and ths headache, the fetters and
the solitude, I was rabid enough to rail
at her.' 'Twas so near, dusk in the ill
lighted garret that I could not see how
nhe took it, but sho let me know by word
of mouth. 1 . ;¦"- ¦¦¦-,-. :- ; •-.' ... ¦ . ., ¦'¦
. ".Merci. monsieur,", she said, icily. And
then : . "Gratitude does not seem to be
among your gifts." >•; ' -
; At. this I broke out in all a sick man's
pettlshness. .,-, --... ¦ .,.' ¦•-.;¦¦¦ .-,/.,': •-,
; "Gratitude! .Mayhap you: will tell me
what it is I have to be grateful for. .All
I craved was the chance to die as a.sol
dier should, and some one must needs
spoil me of that." ¦•'
"Selfish — selfish always" and to • the
last," she murmured. "Do you never
Stedman. On my inquiry he directed me
straight •
"My lord is at supper at Mr. Stair's.
Have you news, captain?"
I drew breath ot relief. Happily the
loss of the day had not made .me .the
bearer of stale tidings. So I made an
swer with proper reticence, saying that
I hnd news,, but It was for Lord Corn
wallis' c;ir first of all. None the lesa, if
the commissary general were pleased to
come with me —
He took tlie hint at once; and he it waa
who procured me instant admittance to
the house, and who took upon himself
the responsibility of breaking In upon
the party in the supper room.
1 shall not soon forget the scene that
fronted us when we came into my lord's
preser.ee. The supper was in some sort
a gala feast held in honor of my lord's
accession to his earldom. The table,
lighted by great silver candelabra which
I recognized, as Ireton 'heirlooms, was
well filled around by the members of the
commander In chief's military family,
with the earl at the head and Mistress
Margery, bedight as befitted a lady of
quality, behind the tea urn at the foot..
At our incoming all eyes were turned
upon us, but it required ray lord's sharp
question to make me leave oft dwelling
upon my sweet lady's radiant beauty. ..
"How now. Captain Ireton? Do you
bring us news from the major?"
I broke the fascinating eychold and
turned slowly to face my fate. "
"I do, my lord."
• "Well, what of him? You left him
hastening to rejoin with hia new loyalist
levies. I hope?"
I drew my sword, reversed it and laid
it upon the table. ., •
"May all the enemies of the common
wealth be even as he is, my lord," I said,
quietly.
Now, truly, I had hanged my petard
well, and 'twas plain the shock of it had
gone far to shatter the wall of •confidence
our enemies had builded on the field of
Camden and elsewhere. Had a hand gre
nade with the fuse alight been dropped
upon the table the consternation could
scarce have been greater. To a man the
tableful was up and thronging round me;
but above all the hubbub I heard a little
cry of misery from the table-foot where
my lady sat.
"How Is this, sir? — explain yourself!"
thundered my lord, forgetting for once
his mild suavity. . .
<•• 'Tis but a brief tale, and I will make
it as crisp as may be in the telling," I
replied. "I came upon the major some
miles this side of the crossing of the
Broad. He was marching to rejoin you,
In accordance with his orders. But when
he had your lordship's command to stand
and fight, he obeyed." .. .
"My command? — but I gave him . no
such order!" >
"Nay, truly, you did .not — neither, in
the original nor in the duplicate, my
lord. ' But when we had waylaid Lieu
tenant Tybee and quenched the duplicate,
and had so amended the original as to
make It fit our purpose, the brave major
thanked you for what you had not done
and made his stand to await the upcom
ing of the over-mountain men."
For a moment I thought they would
hew me limb "from limb, but my lord
quelled the fierce outburst with a word.
"Put up your swords, gentleman. -¦.¦ We
shall know how to deal with this trait
or," he said. And then to me: "Go on,
sir, If you please; there has been a bat
tle, as I take it?"
"There has, indeed. The mountain
men came up with us In the afternoon of
the Saturday. In an- hour, one-third of
the major's force was dead or dying, the
major himself was slain and every living
man left on the field was a prisoner."
Again a dozen swords hissed from
their scabbards,' and again I beard the
little cry. of misery from the table-foot.
I bowed my head, looking momently to
pay the penalty; but once-more my lord
put the swords aside.
"Let us have a clean breast of it this
time. Captain Ireton,". .he 1 said. "You
know well what 'you have • earned, and
nothing you, can say will make it better
or worse for. you. Was this your purpose
in making your submission to me?"
"It was." i . ¦
"And you have been a rebel from the
first?" •
met the cold anger in the womanish
HOW WE CAME TO THE BEGINNING
OF THE END.
As Margery had . promised. I passed
out of my garret prison and out of door
on that memorable evening of October
14 to find the British gone from Char
lotte and the town Jubilant with patriotic
Joy." • . - :.
Having. nothing to detain me. and be
ing bound In honor, by the wish of my
dear lady not to. follow and give myself
up to the retreating British general, I
"Good Lord!" I groaned; "are you a
woman or a. fiend?"
"Either or both, as you like to hold me.
sir. But come what might, I said you
should not die a felon's death. And you
haven't, as yet."
¦"Better a thousand times the rope and
tree. than that I should .rot by inches
here with you to sit by and gird at me.
Ah, my lady, you are having your re
venge of me." .
"Merci, encore. Shall I go away and
leave you?" -. s,
"No, not that." A cold sweat broke
out upon me in a sudden childish horror
of the solitude and the darkness and the
fetters. And then I added: "But 'twould
be angel kindness if you would leave off
torturing me. I am but a I man, dear
lady, and a sick man at that."
All in a flash her mood -changed and
she bent . to lay a cooling palm on my
throbbing temples. ¦
"Poor Monsieur John!" she said softly;
"I meant not to make you suffer more,
but rather less." Then she found water
and a napkin to wring out and bind upon
my aching head.
At the touch and the word of womanly
sympathy I forgot all, and the love-mad
ness came again to blot out the very
present memory of how she had brought
me to this. '
"Ah, that is better — better," I sighed,
when the pounding hammers in my tem
ples gave me some surcease of the
agony.
"Then- you forgive me?" she asked,
whether jestingly or in earnest I could
not tell. ;
"There is none so much to forgive," I
replied.' "One hopeless day last summer
I put my life in pledge to you; and you—
in common Justice you have the right to
do what- you will with It." '
"Ah; now you talk more like my old
time _ Monsieur John : with the healing
sword-thrust. But that day you speak of
was not more hopeless for you than for
me." - -.'"•¦ -"; :.*•>• '¦.- - : .-. - ..
"I know. It,", said I, thinking only of
how the loveless marriage must grind
upon .- her., ¦-. ."But it must needs be hope
less for both till death steps in to break
the, bond."- . r . .;¦'..'.¦..' ' .'.
Againt she laughed, that same bitter
little laugh.
" "Indeed, it was a great wrong you did
that night, sir. I could wish, as heartily
as you,, that »it might be undone. . But
this Is Idle talk. Let me see if this key
And In the food-brlngings I could
neither make my lady stay nor answer
any question; this though I was hunger
ing to know what was going on beyond
the walls -of my garret prison. Indeed,
she would not even tell me how I had
been spirited away from the two ser
geants keeping watch over me in her
father's strong room below stairs. "That
is Scipio's secret." she would say, laugh-
Ing at me. "and he shall keep It.
But in the evening of the third day
the mystery bubble was burst, and I
learned from Margery's lips the thing I
longed to know. Lord Cornwallis, had
decided to abandon North Carolina, and
in an hour or two the army would be in
motion for withdrawal to the southward.
"Now. thanks be to God!" I said most
fervently. - "Kings Mountain has begun
the good work, and we shall show Far
mer George a thing or two he had not
guessed."
On thia, my lady drew herself up most
proudly and her lip curled.
"You forget, sir. you arc speaking to
Mr. Gilbert Stair's daughter."
"True," said I; "I did forget. We are
at cross purposes in this, as in all things
else. .,1 crave your pardon, madam."
Her eyes were snapping by now.
Never tell me. my dears, that eyes of the
blue-gray can not flash fire when they
will.
"How painstakingly you will go about
to make mp. hate you!" she burst out.
And then, all in the same breath: "But
you will be rid of me presently, for good
and all."
"Nay. then. Mistress Margery, you are
always taking an ell of meaning for my
inch of speech. 'Tis I who should do the
riddinsr."
"Mon DIeu!" she cried, in a sudden
burst of petulance; "I am sick to death
of all this! Is there no way out of this
coll that is strangling us both. Captain
Ireton?" *;
"I had thought to make a way three
days ago; did bo make It. but you kept
me from walking in it. Yet that way is
still open — If you will but drop a word
in my lord's ear when you go below
stairs."
"Oh. yea — a fin* thing; the wife betray
tho husband!" This with another lip
curl of scorn. "I have some shreds and
patches of pride left. sir. If you have
not."
"Then free me of my obligation to you
and let me do It myself. I am well
enough to hang."
"And so make me a consenting accom
plice? Truly, as I have said before, you
have a most knightly soul. Captain Ire
ton."
; ' I closed my eye3 in very weariness.
"You are hard to please, my lady."
"You have not to try to please me. sir.
I am going away — to-night."
"Going away?" I echoed. "Whither, If
I mayask?"
"My father has taken protection and
we shall go south with the army. As
Lord Cornwallis says. Mecklenburg Is a
hornet's nest of rebellion, and in an hour
or two after we are gone you will be
among your friends."
She made to leave me now, but I
would not let her go without trying the
last blunt-pointed arrow in the quiver of
expedients.
"Stay a moment." I begged. "You are
leaving the untangling of this coll you
speak of to a chance bullet on a battle
neld. Had you ever thought that the
church can undo what the church has
done?"
Again I had that bitter laugh which
was to rankle afterward In memory.
"You are a most desperate, pertina
cious man. Captain Ireton. Failing all
else, you would even storm heaven itself
to gain your end." she scoffed; then, at
the very pitch-point of the scornful out
burst she put her face in her hands and
fell a-sobbing as if her heart would
break. .
I knew not what to say or do. and end
ed,' manlike, by saying and doing noth
ing. And so. still crying softly, she let
herself out at the wainscot door, and this
was our leave-taking.
CHAPTER XLIV.
'A toast!" cried Richard, when the
bottle came, springing to his feet with
the glass held high- "To. the dear lady
of Appleby Hundred, and may she fore
gather with the man she loves best, be It
you. or I. or another. Jack Ireton!"
We drank it standing; and after would
it before the fire, havering like two
"I had thought of my part of that."
he said in a muse. Then he came allvts
to the risk I should run. "But you can't
well go back to Cornwallis now. Jack;
'tis playing with death. There will be
other news-carriers — there are sure to
be: and a single breath to whisper what
you have done will hang you higher than
Hainan."
I shrugged at this. "'Tis but a war
hazard."
He looked at me curiously. I saw a
shrewd question in his eyes and set in
stant action as a barrier in the way of
its asking.
"Let us find Colonel Sevier and beg us
the loan -of a pair of horses.". said I; and
eo we v/ere' kept from coming upon the
dangerous ground of pointed questions
and evasive answers.
Somewhat to my surprise.- both Sevier
and Shelby fell in at once with our pro
ject, commending it heartily; and I
learned from the lips of that courtliest
of frontiersmen, "Nollchucky Jack," the
real reason for the proposed hurried re
turn of the over-mountain men. The
Cherokecs. never to be trusted, had, as it
Koemed, procured war supplies from the
British posts to the southward, and were
even now on the verge of an uprising'.
By forced marches these hardy borderers
hoped to reach their homes in time to de
fend them. Otherwise, as both comman
ders assured us, they would take the
field with Gates.
We made our acknowledgments; and
when I had bespoken good care for Ty
bee we took leave of these stout fighters,
and of old Ephraim as well, since the old
borderer was to serve as a guide for the
over-mountain men. at least till they
were come upon familiar ground to the
westward.
Once on the high road we pushed on
briskly for the river, nor did we draw
rein until the sweating beasts were pick
ing their way in the darkness down the
last of the hills which sentinel the Ca
tawba to the westward.
An hour later we rode the scant mile
through the stubble fields to my old roof
tree. As you would guess, we looked to
find the manor house turned Into an out
post headquarters; but now we were des
perate enough to face anything.
Howbeit. not to rush blindly into the
jaws of a trap, we first routed out the
old black majordomo at the negro quar
ters; and when we learned from him that
the great house was quite deserted, we
took possession and had the black make
U3 a rousing fire in the kitchen ' arch.
Nay. more; when we had steamed our
selves a little dry we had old Anthony
Btew and grill for us and fetch us a bot
tle of that Madeira of my father's laying
in. ¦ • . ~
"Good! then I have a thought which
may Ftand tor what it is worth. To
make the most of this victory over Ma
jor Ferguson. Gates should be apprised
at once and by a sure tongue; and his
lordship should have the news quickly,
too, and in a lump, as you say. Let us
take horse and ride post, we two: you
to Gates at Hillsborough and I to Char
lotte."
He shook his head. "1 have none
worth the name."
"Then you are not commitied to Colo
nel Sevii-r for a term of service?"
"No: nor to Cleaveland. nor .McDowell,
nor any. We heard there was to be fight
ins: hereaway — Kphratm Yeates and I —
and wo came as volunteers."
"'Tis nigh on to a crime." said I.
"This victory, smartly followed up,
rr.ipht wi-ll be the turning of the tide for
us."
But the lad woulu not admit the quali
fying condition. "'Twill be no less as
it is." he declared. "Mark you. Jack;
'twill put new life into the cause and
nerve every man of ours afres'.i. And
as for the redcoats, if my Lord Com*
wallis gets the news of it in a lump, as
he should. Gates will have plenty of time
to set himself In motion, slow as he Is."
"Twas then 1 had an Inspiration, and I
thought upon it for a moment.
"What are your plans. Richard? 4 '
been sent with an express to Major Fer
guson. Also, be suggested that if I
should be searched some proof of my
duplicity might be found upon me.
At th?s William Campbell nodded tc
two of h5s V irgintaii?, and I was
searched lorthuitr.. irni that none too
gentjy. J:: the breast pocket of m.v
hussar jacket they lound that accursed
duplicate dispaten — the one l had taken
from Tyhrr! and which l:ad . so nearly
proved :ny undoing ;n the interview witii
Major l-Vrgruson.
lss.ee Shelby opened and reau the ac
cusiijk letter and passed it around
amony his eellfciig-ucs.
"1 *na!l not ark you why this was un
delivered, sir," be said to me, sternly.
" "T is enough t's-it it w:».s lound upon
jour person and u BotBctently proves the
truth at this gentleman .s accusation.
Have you aught further to say. Captain
Ireton ".' — UStll that may excuse us for
not leaving you behind us in a lialter'.'"
IX> you frontier, my dears, that l "lost
my head v.-iien I saw how completely the
toils of this little black-cJothea ht-na had
closed arourid me? l v.ke, nay, thrice 1
tried to speak calmly as the crisis de
manded, ihen raad rage ran awiiy with
me and I burst out in yelling <:urs<?s scj
hot ;ney would surely dry the ink .n the
pen were 1 seek to Bet the:n down here.
'Twej! a silly tiling to oo. you will
eay. and much bc-neatn the dignity of a
grown man xvho cared i:ot a bodlo for
his life, and not greatly for th« man
ner of its losing. « grant you this; and
yet it wss that same bull-bellow ot sol
dier profanity that saved my lite.
While 1 was in the storm of it,
cursing the lav/ycr by every snout
ed epithet 1 could lay tongue to,
a miracle was wioujjht and .Kichard
Jennifer and Epbraisi Ye&tes pushed
Ihi ir way through the cver-thicKening
riiiK oi onlookers; the latter to range
liiinsel* bopide me with his bruwn-bar
reled rtfle in the hollow of bla arm, and
my dearTad 10 riinp liimsi-lf upon me In
a bear's :;ug of joyous recoauition and
greeting.
"Score one for me. Jack!" he cried.
"We were fair at t'other end of the
mountain, and 'tw.is I told Eph there
¦vvaa only Daft man in the two Carolinas
who could sweat the match of that."
VT.en he whirled upon my judges. "What
is tiiis. gontlerifii — a < ourt-martial? Cap
taii Iretoa Is rr.y friend, and as true a
patriot as ever drew breath. What is
your charge?"'
Colonel Sevier. in whose command
Hlchard ar.d the eld borderer had fought
in the hilltop battle, undertook to ex
plain. 1 stood s'lf-confessed as the
Xtfbrir of oispauhes trom lx>rd Corn
wsJlis to Major Ferguson, lie said, and
1 had claimed that the orders had been
bo f.ltf red as to delay the major's retreat
and so to bring on the battle. But they
had just found Lorrl Cornwallis' letter in
my pockrt. still sealed and undelivered.
And the tenor of it was precisely oppo
site to that of an ord»r calculated to de
ley the major's march, as Mr. Jennifer
could see ir he would read it.
While Sevler was talking the old bor
der* r was fBMWtes in the breast of hi3
bunting shirt, r.nd now he produced a
packet of papers tied about with red
tape.
" 'Pears to me like you Injun killers
from t'other Fide o* the mounting is in a
mJghty hot sweat to hang somebody,"
he said, as coolly as if he were address
ing a r.iob of unoerlir.gs. "Here's a mess
o' billy-doos with Lord Cornwallis' name
to Vm that I found 'mongst Major Fer-
Eusan's leavings. If you'll look 'em
over, maybe you'll f.r.d out, immejitly if
not sooner that Cap'n John here is tell
in&- ye the plumb truth."
The papers were examined hastily, and
presently John Sevier lighted upon the
dispatch I had carried and delivered.
Thereat the colonels put their heads to
gether; and then my caso was reopened,
with Sevier as spokesman.
"We have a letter here which appears
to be the origiaal order to Ferguson,
Captain Jreton. Can you repeat from
memory the postscriptum which you say
¦was ad'ieJ to it?'
I save the gist of my old patriarch's
addendum as well as I could; and there
upon suspicion f.ed away and my late
judges would 'vie with one another in
liearty frontier hand-grasps and apolo
gies, whilst the throng that ringed us
in forsot caution and weariness and gave
rne a cheer to wake the echoes.
'Tttss while this burst of gratulation
was abuzz that Ephraim Yeates raised a
cry of his own.
"Stop that there black-lepsed imp o*
th» lav.!" he shouted, pushing his way
out of the circle. "He's the one that
ought to hang"'
There was a rush for the wagon bar
ricade, a flatter of horse-hoofs on the
hillside below, and Yeates* rifle went to
his face. But the bullet flew wide and
the biack-garbed figure clinging to the
horse's mane -was soon out of sight
aainn; the trees.
. "liz I allov/. ye'd better lock out for
that yaller-ekinned little varmint. Cap'n
John." <«uoth the old man. carefully wip
ing his rifle preparatory to reloading it
"He's rank pizen, he is. and ye'll have to
break Ms reck sooner 'r later. I 'lowed
to rave ye the trouble, but old Bess got
mljrhty foul yestlddy. with all the shoot
inps and eoins on. and I hain't got no
Ifjirl brush to clean her out." -
Niw that I was fully exonerated I
was free to go and come as I chose; nay,
more. I ws.s urged to cast In my lot with
the over-mountain partisans. As to this,
I took counsel with Richard Jennifer
whilst the colonels were setting their
commands in order for the march and
loading the prisoners with the captured
guns and ammunition.
"What is to the fore, Dick?" I asked;
"mere fighting?"
The lad shook his head. "Never an
other blow. I fear. Jack. These fellows
crossed the mountain to whip Ferguson.
Having done it they will go home.
I could not forego a hearty curse upon
this worst of all militia weaknesses, the
disposition to disperse as soon as ever a
battle was fought. e
Though I had passed out of the Brit
ish lines less than a week before in de
cent good order, save for Colonel Tarle
ton's ill word, I met with nothing like
the welcome at the outpost camp that a
king's courier had a right to expect.
But as luck would have it. the first fa
miliar face I saw was that of Charles
IN WHICH MY LORD HAS HIS
MARCHING ORDERS.
CHAPTER XLII.
I knew well enough whom I had to
thank for this, and was set wondering
that my lady's charity was broad enough
to mantle even by this little my latest
sins against the king's cause. None the
less. I ate and drank gratefully, drain
ing the tea dish to the dregs — which, by
the way, were strangely bitter.
I had scarce finished picking tho bonea
of the capon before sleep came. again to
drag at my eyelids, :i drowsiness so
masterful that I could make no head
against it. And go. with the bitter taste
of the tea still on my tongue, I fell away
a second time into the pit of forgetful
ness. . • '
When I awakened from what seemed
In the memory of it the most unresting
sleep I ever had. it was no longer night,
/and I was stretched upon the oaken set
tle in that same lumber garret where I
had been bedded through that other
nipht of hiding. So much I saw at the
waking glance; and then I realized.
IN WHICH I DRINK A DISH OF TEA.
Being without specific orders what to
do with me, my two sergeant bailiffs
thrust me into that little den of a strong
room below stairs where I had once
found the master of the house, and one
of them mounted guard while the other
fetched the camp armorer to iron me. ..
The shackles securely on. I was left to
content me as I could, with .the door
ajar and my two Jailers hobnobbing be
fore it. Having done all I had hoped to
do, there was nothing for it now but to
wait" upon the consequences. So, hitch
ing my chair up to the oaken table, I
made a pillow of my fettered wrists and
presently fell adoze.
I know not what hour of the night it
was when the half-blood Scipio, who was
Mr. Gilbert Stair's body-servant, came in
and roused me. I started up suddenly
at his touch, making no doubt it was my
summons. But the mulatto brought me
nothing worse than a cold fowl and a
loaf, with a candle end to seo to eat
them by. and a dish of hot tea to wash
them down. ¦ '
CHAPTER XLIII.
love-sick schoolboys over the charms of
that dear lady to whom one of us was
less than naught, and to whom the other
could be naught while that • first one
lived. . -
We were still sitting thus before the
kitchen arch when the dawn began- to
dim the firelight, and the work of the
nev/ day confronted us. Pinned down,
old Anthony confessed that some two or
three horses of the Appleby Hundred
stables had escaped the hands of the for
agers of both sides; and two fresh ani
mals he fetched for us. Of the twain
one chanced to be Blackstar, the good
beast which had carried me from New
Berne in the spring: and so I had my
own horse betwixt my knees when I set
Dick a mile on the road to Salisbury, and
bade him farewell.
His last word to me was one of gener
ous caution.
"Remember, Jack; 'haste, haste, post
haste.' is your watchword. There will
be other couriers in from the battle field
at Kings Mountain; and you must hang
and fire your news petard and vanish be
fore they come to betray you."
'Trust me," said I. evasively; and bo
we parted, he to gallop eastward, and I
to charge down peaceably upon that
British outpost we had set abuzz in the
small hours of the night.
eyes as a 'condemned man might.
"I have, my lord — since tn<* day nine
years' ugone when .1 learned that .your
Kintf's minions hud 'banged my lather in
Me regulation." -
"Then it was a farrago of lies you told
me about your adventures In the western
mountains?" -¦.'."¦ ,
"A'ot wholly. It was your lordship s
good pleasure to send succors of powuer
and lead to your allies, £he western sav r
ages. I and three others followed Cap
tain Falconnet and his Indians, and I
have the honor to report that we over
took and exploded them with their own
powder cargo."
"And Captain Sir Francis Falconnst
with them*"
"L do so hope and trust, my lord."
He turned short on his heel, and for a
moment a silence as, of death fell upon
tho room. Then he took the Ferara from
the table and sought to break it over hjs
knee; but the good blade, like the cause
it stood for, bent like a withe and would
not snap.'
"Put this spy in irons and clear the
room," he ordered sharply. And this is
how the little drama ended: with the
supper guests crowding to the door; with
ray lord pacing baclc and lorth at the
table-heau; witu two sergeants bearing
me away to await, where and how 1
knew not, the word which should efface
me and leave clear for my lad Dick tne
way to my lady's heart, j
took horse and rode to Salisbury, w" ere
I had the great good fortune to >.lnd
Dick, already breveted a captain in Colo
nel Washington's command, hurrying his
troop southward to whip on the British
withdrawal. .
Here was my chance to drown heart
burnings in an onsweeping tide of ac
tion, and then and there I became a gen
tleman volunteer In Dick's company,
asking nothing of ray dear lad save th;it
I might ride at his stirrup and share his
hazards.
Touching the hazards, there were
plenty of them in the seven weeks pre
ceding and the month or more following
our new general's coming to take the
field, as you may know in detail it you
care to follow the gallopings of Colonel
Washington's light-horse troop througii
the pages of the histories. But these
have little or naught to do with my t:Ue,
and I pass them by with tne word jruti
will anticipate: that in all the dashes and
forays and brushes with the cr.emy'a for
aging parties and outposts, no British or
Tory bullet coultl iind its billet la tj ;e
man who was enamored of death.
As for my most miserable entangle
ment, the lapse of time made it ne:thcr
better nor worse, nor greatly different
and there was little in all the skirmish
ings and gallopings to beat off the ban
dog of conscience, or that other and still
nercer wild beast of starved love, that
gnav.ed at me day and night.
Though the hope for some easement
would now and then lift Us head. I was
reminded daily that hope Itself was
hopeless; and when the days lengthened
Into weeks and the weeks into months
bringing no salving for tho double hurt'
I knew that time could only make me
love Margery the more; that there tv
wounds that heal, and other3 that open
afresh at each remembrance of the hand
that gave them.
One grain of comfort I had in all these
dreary weeks. 'Twas while we were
quartering in Charlotte, and I had
chanced to fall upon tho half-blood
Scipio, who had been left by Gilbert
Stair to be tho caretaker of the deserted
town house.
As you will remember, 'twas he who
had brought me tho drugged tea. and the
word I had from him made m* hot with
shame for the cruel imputation I had
put upon my dear lady. "Yas, sar: gib
urn sleep-drop to make buckra massa hoi*
still twell we could tote 'im froo da win
dow an' roun' de house an' up d« sta'r.
Soljah gyards watch ura mighty close
dat nignt; yes, fiar!" And thus thia
nightmaro thougat of mine was thrnea
into another thorn to prick me on the
self-accusing side. 'Twas her keen wo
man's wit, and no cold-blooded plan to
cheat the gallows, that made her give me
the sleepiag draught. Having the object
lesson of my late surrender before her,
she had no mind to let me mar the res
cue by waking to forbid it. And when I
taxed her. 'twas nctural pride that drove
her to let me so on thinking the unwor
thy thought, if so I would.
I did penance for my disloyalty as a
despairing lover might, and I do think it
made mo tenderer of Dick, whose bear
ing to mo through all these tempestuous
weeks was most nobly generous and for
giving. I say forgiving because I was
often bat the curstest of companions, as
you would guess. For when I was not
bent upon finding that wicket gate of
death which would let me from the path
of these two. I was in a wicked tertian
of the mind, whose chill was of despair,
and whose fever was a hot desire to lock
once more into the eyes of my dear lady
before the wicket gate should open for
me.
'Twas this desire that finally drew me
to her — the desire and another thing,
which shall have mention In Its place.
The new y?ar was now come, and the
southern army, as yet too weak to cope
with the tr.pmy, was cut Into two wings
of observation; one under General
Greene himself at Cheraw Hill, tlie other
and lesser In the knoll forests of the
Broad with Daniel Morgan for Its chief;
both watching hawk-like the down-sit
ting of my Lord Cornwallis. who seemed
to have taken root at Winnsborough.
As you will know. Washington' 3 light
horse was,wlth Morgan; and we ate,
drank and well-nigh slept In the saddle.
But for all our scoutlngs and outriding3.
and all Dan Morgan's hearty cursings at
the ill success of them, wo could coma
by no suro inkling of tiord Cornwallis'
designs. As I have said, th^ British com
mander seemed to have taken root and
was now waiting to sprout and grow.
It was at this lacli-knowledge crisis
that I volunteered to go to the British
camp at Winnsborough In ray old quality
of spy; did this and had my leave and or
ders before Dick learned of it.
Left to my own devices. I fear I should
have slipped away without telling Jenni
fer. But. as so many times before, fata
Intervened to drive me where I had not
meant to go. On the morning set for my
departure I woke to find a letter pinned
to the ground beside me with an Indian
scalping knlfa thrust through it.
Dick was sitting by the newly-kindled
fire, nursing his knees and most palpably
waiting for ma to wake and find my mis
sive.
"What is it?" I asked, eying the oml-
nous thing: distrustfully.
** 'Tis a letter, as you see. Uncannola
left It." Then most surlily: **'Tis from
Madge, and to you. There is your name
on the back of it."
At this I must needs read the letter,
with the lad looking on as if he would
eat me. 'Twaa dated at Winnsboroush.
and was brief and to the point.
- "Monsieur: When last we met you said
the church might undo what the church
had done. I have spoken to the good
Pere Matthieu. and he has conssnted to
write to the Holy Father at Rome. But
It is necessary that he should have your
declaration. Since the matter is of your
own seeking, mayhap you can. devise a
way to communicate with Pere Matthieu.
who is at present with us under our bor
rowed roof here." \
That was all. and it was signed only
with her initial. I read it through twice
and then again to gain time. Fot, Dick
was waiting.
"'Tis a mere formal matter of busi
ness." said I, when I could put him off
no longer.
"Business?" he queried, the red light
of suspicion coming and going In his
eye. "What business can you have with
Mistress Madge Stair, pray?"
?"Tis about — it touches th« title to
Appleby Hundred," said I. equivocating
as clumsily as a schoolboy caught In a
fault. "Of course you know that the
confiscation act of the North Carolina
Congress re-established my right and
title to the estate r*
- "No," said he; "you never told m«.**
Then: "She writes you about this?"
"About a matter touching it. as I
say."
"As you did not say." he growled;
after which a silence came between us.
I holding the open letter in my hand and
he staring glomily at the back of it.
When the silence grew portentous I
• told him of my design to go a-spying.
He looked me in the eye and bis smile
was not pleasant to see.
"You are lying most -clumsily. Jack;
or at best you are telling me but half
the truth. You are going to see Mistress
Margery." - ,• L
"That is altogether as it may happen.^
I retorted, striving hard to keep down
the flame of insensate rivalry which his
accusings always kindled in me.
"It is not. winnsborough is neither
London nor yet Philadelphia, that you
may miss her in the crowd. And you do
not mean to miss her."
"Well? And if I do chance to see her
— what then?"
"Don't mad me. Jack. You should know
by this time what a fool she has made of
me."
" f Tis your own folly." I rejoined hot
ly. "You should blame neither the lady
nor the man tr» whom she has given
nothing save — "
'Save whatr* he broke in savagely.
I recoiled on th* brink as I had so
many times before. Trie months of wait
ing for the death 1 craved had hardened
me. '-v '
"Save a thing you would value lightly
enough without her love. Let us have
done with this bickering; find the colo
nel and ask his leave to go with me, tf
you like. Then you may do the love
making while I do the spying."
"No." said he: "not while you stand it
upon such a leg as that."
I reached across and gripped his hand
and wrung it. "Shall we never have the
better of thesa senseless vaporingsT* I
cried. "'Tis as you say; I can neither
live sane nor die mad without another
sight of her. Dick, and that is the plain
truth. And yet. mark me. this next see
ing, of her will surely set a thing in train
that will make her yours and not mine.
Get your leave and come with me on
your own terms. Mayhap she will show
you how little she cares for me and how
much she cares for you."
So this is how it came about that we
two. garbed as • decent planters a Wj
mounted upon the sleekest cobs the r»*I
ment afforded, took the road for Winns
borough together on a certain summer
fine morning in January In the year of
battles, seventeen hundred and eighty-
give a moment's thought to the feelings
of others, Ireton?"
This was past all endurance. ~
"If I* had. not. should I be here this
moment?" I raved.^ "You do make me
sicker than. I was, my- lady." : ¦:
"Yet I say you are selfish." she insist
ed. "What have I done that' you should
come here : to ; have yourself hanged for
a spy?" • ~ ¦•' "*•¦.
"Let -us have plain ' speech, in God's
name,"- I retorted. . "You know well
*>nough thercwas no better way In which
I could serve,you." *:
"Do I, indeed, mon ami?" she flashed
out "Let me tell you, sir, had she ever
a blush of savins pride. Margery Stair—
or Margery' Ireton,"., if you like that bet
ter — would kill you. with her own band
rather, than have it; said her husband
died upon a gallows!"
. A sudden: light broke In upon me and
I went. blind in*, the horror of it.. *£*&£
"God in heaven!" I gasped: "'twas
you, then? I do believe you poisoned
me in that dish of tea you sent me last
night!" *
She laughed, a bitter little laugh that
I hated to think on afterward.
"You have a most chivalrous soul.
Captain Ireton. I do not wonder you are
so fierce to shake it free of the poor
body of clay."
'•But you do not deny It!" I cried.
"Of what use would it be? I have said
that I would not have you die shame
fully on the gallows; so I may as well
confess to the poppy Juice in the tea.
Tell me, Monsieur John: was it nasty
bitter?"
will fit your manacles. I have been all
day finding out who bad It. and I am not
sure It will be the right one. after all.'*
But It did prove to be the right one;
and. when the Irons were oft I felt moro
like a man and lesa like a baited bear.
"That is better," said I, drawing
breath of relief. "I bear my Lord
Charles.no malice, but 'twas a needless
precaution,. this Ironing of a man who
was never minded to run away."
"But you are going to run away." «he
said, ' decisively: "and that as soon as
ever you are able to hold a horse be
tween your knees. Shall I bring you an
other dish of tea? Nay, never look so
horrified; I shall not poison you this
"Stay." I cried. "You mean that you
are going to help me escape? 'Tis a
needless prolonging of the agony. Go
and tell the guards where they can find
She stopped midway to the wainscot
door- and turned to give me my answer.
"No; you are a soldier, and — and I will
not be a gallows-wldow. Do you hear,
sir? If you are so eager to die, there is
always the battlefield?' And with that
she left me.
I may pass over the two succeeding
days in the silence I was condemned to
endure through the major part of them.
After that first visit. Margery came only
at stated Intervals to bring me food and
drink, and ray nurso was an old black
beldame, either deaf and dumb, or else
so newly from the Guinea Coast as to be
unable to twist her tongue to the Eng
lish.
THE SUNDAY CALL."
2She went before us. padding the way
with whatever came first to hand. rugs,
curtains, table-covering, and I know not
-what beside; and by the time the Brit
ish troopers were hammering at th«»
outer door, we were deep within the old
mansion and had made shift to drag the
unwilling horses by one and two-step
descents to a room half under and half
out of ground, which served as a sort of
Dick's answer was another burst of
laughter, loud enough, you would think,
to be heard by those beyond the door.
"Behold four witless brute beasts.
Mistress Madge — two horses and two
assts." h? said.' And then to old An
thony: "Open the door, Tony, and invite
the gentlemen in."
But Margery was before him. Ah. my
dears, a man's wit is like a matchlock,
fizzing and sputtering its way noisily to
find the powder while the enemy hath
time to ride up and saber the musketeer;
but a woman's is like the spark In a tin
derbox — e quick snip of flint and steel
and you have your fire. In a flash my
lady had torn down the heavy curtains
from an inner doorway and was carpet
ing a horse path for us to the rear.
"Quick!" she cried: "lead them gently,
for the love of heaven!"
It was in the very midst of his gust of
ill-timed merriment, while 'the horses
were nosing niftlly at their strange sur
roundings, and the hoof strokes of the
redcoat troop could be plainly heard on
the gravel of the avenue, that I chanced
to lift my eyes to the stair. There look
ing down upon us. with speechless as
toundment in the blue-gray eyes, stood
our dear lady.
Another instant and she was with us,
stamping her foot and crying: "Mon
Dieu! What is this? Are you gone mad.
both of you?"
Judge for yourselves, my dears, if this
were the time, place or crisis for a man
to fling himself upon the hall settle, grip
his ribs and laugh like any lack wit. Yet
this is what Richard Jennifer did.
"So far. so good," quoth Dick. Then
to the old black, who had stood by.
saucer-eyed and speechless,, the while:
"Anthony, do you be as big a numbskull
as you were born to be, and hold these
redcoat gentlemen In palaver till we can
win out at the back."
The old majordomo nodded his good
will, but now my slow wit came in play.
"We've done it now," said I. "The
horses will go out as they came In. or
not at all. Had you forgotten the stair
at the back?"
Hearing his master's call, the gray
pricked his ears and came obediently,
with the sorrel tagging at his heels.
A moment later, when the up-coming
troop was hidden by a turn In the
avenue, we had the pair of them in the
hall with the door shut and barred be
hind them- - \.
What Richard's most natural resent
ment would have led to. In what new
tangle of the net of bitterness we might
have been enmeshed, we were spared the
knowing. For when he said, "She is not
here." two happenings intervened to give
us both other things, to think of.
The first was the advent, at the far
end of the oak-lined avenu* of a troop
of British light horse, trotting leisurely;
the second was the swinging Inward of
the door of unwelcome, with old Anthony
grinning and bowing behind It.
Now when you have fairly surprised a
fox in the open, he asks nothing more
than a hole to hide in. There were the
hunters coming up the avenue; and here
was our dodge hole gaping before us.
So. as hunted things will, we took earth
quickly; though, truly, 'twas an ostrich
trick rather than a fox's, since we left
the horses standing without to advertise
our presence to all and sundry.
It was Richard who first found the
wit to realize the ostrich play.
"The horses! We may as well have left
the town crier outside to ring his bell
and tell the redcoats we are here." ¦ he
would say; and before I knew what he
would be at he had snatched the door
open and was whistling softly to his big
gray.
CHAPTER XUX
IN WHICH A LAWYER HATH HIS
FEE.
"We shall know shortly." said I; and
truly, we did, being well-nigh enveloped
and ridden down by the fringe of Ught
horse deploying to pioneer the way.
The Catawba nodded, and made the
nod good by setting us dry-shod on the
farther bank of the brown flood. By, the
time we had the horses rubbed down and
resaddled" 'twas twilight in the open and
night dark in the wood; but we were on
our own ground and knew every by-path
through the forest. ¦ • ¦
So, when we had sent the Indian back
to carry news of us to General Davidson
at the lower ford, and to advertise him
of our purpose, we mounted to begin a
scouting Jaunt, keeping to the wood
paths and bearing cautiously northward
toward the enemy's camp at Forney's
plantation.
. At times we were close upon the Brit
ish sentries, with every nerve strained
tense for fight or flight; anon we would
be making wide detours through bog and
fen. or beneath the black network of wet
branches with the rain-soaked leaf beds
under foot to make the horses' treadlngs
as noiseless as a cat's.
None the less. In the fullnes of time —
'twas near about midnight as we guessed
it — we had our patience well rewarded.
Hovering on the confines of the camp we
heard the muffled drum-tap of the re
veille.'and soon, there was the stir of an
army making ready, for. the march-^g£S
"Which- way will It be. north or
south?" whispered Dick, when we had
dismounted to cloak the heads of the
horses..
"How is thatr* said pick; and the
query elicited a bit of news to make us
prick our ears. The Catawba had been In
the British camp at Forney's, posturing
Again as a Cherokee friendly to the
king's side. Some sudden movement had
been determined upon, though what it
was to be He could not learn. At the end
of his own resources he had crossed the
river In a stolen pirogue to find and warn
us.
"What say you, Dick?" I asked, when
we had heard the Catawba through.
The lad was holding his lip in his
hand and scowling as one who pits duty
against Inclination.
"'Tis our cursed luck!" he gloomed.
Then he swore It out by length and
breadth, and. when the air was cleared,
let me have what was In his mind.
"After all. 'tis like enough we should
find Appleby house deserted. Gilbert
Stair will cling to Lord Comwallis' coat
skirt &s long as he can for sheer safety's
sake. At all events, our business must
wait; the country's weal comes first."
Then to the Indian: "If we can make
the beasts take the water, will you ferry
us across, chief?"
At this we shook hands with him
again, well pleased 1 that our stanch ally
should have recognition at the hands of
the general. Then I would ask If he
were on the way to raise his tribesmen
to flght with us. . , . — ,
"Blmeby; no have time now; big thing
over yonder." pointing across the river.
"Manitou Cornwall fool Great War Chief,
mebbe, hey?"
"How!" said he; "heap how! Chief
Harris glad; wah! Make think have to
go to Sal'bury to find Captain Longknlfe
and Captain Jennif. Heap much glad!"
"Chief Harris?". I queried. "Who may
he be?"
The Catawba drew himself up and
drummed upon his breast.
"Chief Harris here." he answered
proudly.* "The Great War Chief." by
which we understood he meant General
Greene, "say all Catawba take warpath
'gainst redcoat; make Uncanoola head
man; give 'urn new name. Wah!"
We were guessing at this. Richard and
I. as we jogged on together down the
river ford, and were agreed that could
my lord cross the flooded river without
loss of time, his better chance would bo
to fall upon our main at Salisbury or
thereabouts. But as to the possibility of
his crossing, we fell apart.
"Lacking another drop of rain, we are
safe for forty-eight hours yet," Dick
would say, pointing to the brimming
river rolling Its brown flood at our right
as we fared on. "And with two days'
start we shall hav.e him burning . more
than his camp wagons to overtake us."
"Have it so, if you will." said I. to end
the argument. "But this I know: were
Dan Morgan or General Greene, or you
or I, in Lord Cornwallis' shoes, the two
days would not be lost."
1 Jennifer laughed. '"Leave the rest out.
Sir Hannibal Ireton. and tell what you
would do." he said, mocking me.
We. were- at that bend in the road
where "Jan Howart and his Tories had
sought to waylay us In the cool gray
dawn of a certain June morning when
we v<ere p allof.ins this same road to keep
my appointment with Sir Francis Falcon
net A huge rock makes a promontory in
the stream just here, and I pointed to a
water-worn cavity in it where the flood
lapped in and out in gurgling eddies.
"i'ou've been*" sharp to take me up on
my forgetting of the landmarks, but
there ia one I've not forgotten," said I.
'"One day, about the time you were get
ting yourself Born. I was passing this
way with my father and a company of
the county .gentlemen. 'Twas in the
Seven .Years' War. and the Cherokees
were threatening us from the other s!de.
The river was in flood as it Is now; and
I mind my father saying that when you
could see that hole in the rock Macgow
an's Ford would be no more than armpit
deep." . .• ¦ .
"So?" said Richard; "then it behooves
us to—" He stopped in mid sentence,
drew rein and shifted his sword hilt to
the front. ' • ' ¦ "•: '
"What Is it?" I asked.
For reply he pointed me to a canoe
half -hidden -in the bushes • where road
•side and river edge came together.
I laughed. "An empty pirogue. Shall
we charge and run it through?"
'"Hist!" said he; "that canoe was afloat
a minute since. Mark the paddle — 'tis
dripping yet."
As he spoke an Indian stood up In the
bushes beside the pirogue, holding out
his empty bands in token of amity. We
rode up and were presently shaking
hands with our old-time ally, the Cataw
ba.
For the others, Huger and Williams
¦Were liurryiiifc up from Cheraw to meet
the general at Salisbury; and General
Daviuson. with a regiment of North Car
olina volunteers, was set to keep the
fords pf the Catawba.
As for the British commander's ln
tendings, we had conflicting reports. Two
days earlier. Lord Comwallis had
burned his heavy baggage at Ramsour's
Mill, and so we had assurance that the
pursuit was only delayed. But whether,
when he should break his camp at For
ney's plantation; he would go northward
after Morgan and the prisoners, or cross
the river at some nearhand ford to chase
our main, none of our scouts could tell
us. '
, 'Twas late in the afternoon of the last
day of January I when we set out to
gether, Jennifer and I, from the camp of
conference at Sherrard's Ford.
The military situation, lately so criti
cal for us, had reached and passed one
of its many subcllmaxes. Morgan's lit
tle army, with its prisoners still safe in
hand, was on its way northward to Char
lottesville, in Virginia, and only the offi
cers remained behind to confer with
General Greene.
HOW WE KEPT TRYST AT APPLEBY
: 7" ¦ V-: HUNDRED.
CHAPTER XLVIII.
"Make your way to th* clock landing
of the stair; I must have speech with
you." It said: and for a wonder I was
cool enough to obey with no more than
a sidelong glance at my lady passing on
I went on, drifting aimlessly from
group to group and dallying of set pur
pose. If I had read Colonel Tarleton's
glance aright the moments were grow
ing diamond-precious: but as yet neither
half of my errand was done. Come what
might. I must see Margery again and
have n«*r teu me where and how to find
the priest: and 'twas borne In upon me
that she would come back to seek me as
soon as she could be free of her partner
in the dance.
The forecast as to my lady had its ful
fillment while yet the splnetter was
striking out the final chords of the min
uet- A lady dropped her kerchief, and I
was before her swain in stooping to pick
it up. As I bowed low In returning the
bit of lace to its owner, a voice that I
had learned to know and love whispered
In my ear.
He swore softly. "Never a cursed
word: less than nothing of any interest
to Dan Morgan."
"We must try again. "Twill surely be
talked of here if the army is about to
move. Do you take a turn In the ante
room and meet me in a quarter of an
hour at the outer door."
At the word Dick promptly lost him
self In the throng while I made a slow
circuit of the refreshment table. Once I
thought I had a clew when a girl hang
inn on the arm of an infantry lieutenant
said: "Will it be true that you will pres
ently go out to hunt down the rebels,
Mr. Thornicroft?" But the prudent lieu
tenant smiled and put her off cleverly,
leaving his fair questioner — and me—
none the wiser.
Dick's bow was an elaborate hiding of
his tell-tale face; but the colonel's was
the slightest of nods, and I could feel
the sloe-black eyes of him boring Into
ray very souL
Had my lady given him but a mo
ment's time I make no doubt he would
have come instantly at the truth and the
little farce would have been turned into
a tragedy on the spot But she gave htm
no time. The spinet in the ballroom al
cove wan tinkling out the overture to a
minuet, and she laid the tips of her
dainty fingers on the colonel's arm.
"This will be ours to walk through,
will It not. Colonel Tarleton?" she said,
playing the sprightly minx to the very
climax of perfection. Then she dipped
us a curtsy. "Au revoir. gentlemen. 'Tis
a thousand pities you had not joined
sooner and so had the red coat and small
eword to grace you here."
When they were gone Dick laughed
sardonically.
"Saw yv»u ever such a cold-blooded lit
tle jade in all your life? 'Twas with me
as it was with you; I. too. stumbled upon
them, and the colonel bustled me and set
his heels upon my foot I daresay I
ehould have Had myself in irons in an
other moment but for Madge. She
slipped in between and Introduced us as
sweetly as you please."
"Nevertheless." said L "the colonel
recognized us both."
"No! Think you so?"
•"Tis certain enough to play upon.
What we do now must be quickly done
or not at all. What have you over
heard T* •
"La, Mr. Septimus; how you startled
me!" she cried. Then, without a tremor
of the lip or a pause for breath-taking.
Ehe presented me: "Colonel Tarleton;
Mr. Septimus Ireton of Iretondene. In
Virginia." And next to Dick: "Mr.
Richaid; ray good friend. Mr. Ireton."
'Twas done bo cleverly and with such
tn air that even Dick, who had known
her from childhood, was struck dumb
with admiration, as his face sufficiently
advertised. And. Indeed. I had much ado
to play my own part with any decent
self-possession, though I did make shift
to bow stiffly, and to say. "I see I
should have brought the Iretondene title
deeds with me tp make you sure that I
urn not my rebel cousin John. Mistress
Margery. Your servant. Colonel Tarle
ton; and yours, Mr. Richard."
Here was a halter with a double snaf
fle at the end of it, was the thought that
Casned upon me; and I was gathering
my wits to brazen it out in some such
manner as to leave Jennifer unattainted
when my lady gave a little start and a
shriek.
ia passing.
The wearer of the sleeve had her back
to me, and 1 saw the white snoulders go
up in a little shrug of petulance while I
sought to disentangle the button. 'I hen
she turned to face rae and the words of
apology froze on my lips. 'Twas Mis
tress Margery, standing at ease with —
good heavens! with Richard Jennifer and
Colonel Banastre Tarleton for her com
pany!
Rounding the promontory of the ta
ble's end to come to anchor in some quiet
eddy where I could listen unnoticed for
the word I was thirsting lor. I must
r.e^ds entangle the button ot my coat
cuff in the delicate lace of a lady's sleeve
her ring of redcoated courtiers, laughing
and jesting or picking daintily at tne
viands on the great oaken table in the
midst
I had shouldered my way out of the
ballroom medley and Into the less
crowded drawing-room at the back, 'i ,«..s
proved to be a rear drawing-room S;r.
ing for the nonce as a refectory. Tnere
were little groups and knots OX chatter
ers standing about; fair maids, each with
'Twas with some notion of finding
ampler room for my feet that I euged
away through the fringing wall-crowd in
the dancing room toward a curtained
archway at ihe back. As yet I had over
heard naught save the silly ptrsiliage of
the belles and beaux — a word htre and
another there — and I was beginning to
fear that this was as poor a place to
look for information as was tne pot
house, when a thing befell to set me
a-quiver with all the thrillings the hu
man heart-strings can thruna into onfe
and the same instant of time.
As we had hoped to find it. this rout at
Marter Harndon's was a stifling jam. and
a good half of the guests were in civilian
plain clothes, neitner Paris nor London
, having as yet reached so far into the
Carolina plantations as to proscribe
homespun and to prescribe the gay tog
geries of the courts. This for the men.
1 hasten to add; lor then, as now. our
American dames and maids would put a
years cropping of the plantation on
their backs, thinking nothing of it; and
there was no lack of shimmering siiKs
and stiff brocades, of high-piled coif
fures, paint, patches and po» iler at this
merry-making at Harndon Acres.
Lacking an introducer, and wani
ing. moreover. nothing save the
leave to have standing room in tne
throng as lookers-on, we gave Mr. Mar
rnaduke lian;don. a sleek, rotund little
gentleman, smirking and bjwing and
tapping the lid of his silver snuffbox, a
wide berth; and witu an agreement to
meet later for the comparing 01 notes,
Jennifer and I went apart at the door of
the ballroom, each to lose himself in the
assembled company as an Otter slips into
a pool, namely, without rufflir.g it.
'Twas easily done. Wimisouro-jgh had
by this time become a refuge camp for
ail the loyalists in the region round
about, and there were many in the pres
ent company who were strangers one 10
another, uneasy, shifting figures in the
gay throng, beneath the notice alike of
haughty dames and prinking da:;ay olh
cers. Beneath the notice, i say; yet I
would qualify this, for more thi-n one of
the epauletted macaronis trod upon ray
toes or bustled me rudely in the crus.i
till I trembled, not for my own self-cun
trol. but for Richard s. making sure that
the lad was having no more gentlemanly
welcome than I.
This adventure of ours into Winnsbor
ough bore fruit at the start- The town
was a-bubble over Master Hamdon's fes-.
tivities for the evening, and Dick and I
determined on the instant of our arrival
in town to attend it. We did.
HOW OUR PIECE MISSED FIRE AT
HARXDOX ACRES
CHAPTER XLVI
never a word to take back to Dan Mor
gan — unless you have. the word."
"Not I." Dick said, ruefully.
The old man chuckled again.
"Ye ain't old enough, neither one o* ye,
ez I allow. It takes a right old person
to fish out the Innards of an inlmy's se
crets. Colonel Tarleton. hoss. foot. and
dragoons, with the seventh riglment and
a part of the seventy-first, will take the
big road for Dan Morgan's camp to-mor
row at sun-up. And right soon atter
ward. Gln'ral Comwallis '11 foller on. Is
that what you youngsters was trying to
find out?" . ,...•:
A rauch-bepowdered captain of cavalry
was coming up the stair to claim her,
and I was- fain to let her go. But at my
passing of her to the step below, I whis
pered: "I shall keep the tryst — my first
and last with you. dear lady. Adieu."
So soon as she was gone I made haste
to find Richard, having, as I feared,
greatly overstayed my appointment to
meet him at the door. He was not
among the promenaders in the hall, so I
"Nothing." I cut in swiftly; "you are
speaking now to your husband — not to
the spy. Go on. If you please."
"We shall return to Appleby Hundred
within the fortnight There, If you
are still— r lf you desire It, you may meet
the good cure, and — "
We had talked on through the meas
ures of a cotillon, and the dancers, warm
and wearied, were beginning to fill the
entrance hall below. Our poor excuse for
privacy would be gone In a minute or
two. and she spoke quickly.
"You shall see Father Matthieu, and I
will help you. But you must not linger
here. In a few days the army will be
moving northward— Oh, heavens! what
have I said!" .
"Your pardon. I pray you; I see now
'tis a thing we must both bury out of
sight But to the other — the matter
which has brought me hither; will you
put me in the way of finding Father
Matthieu T'
"Your father's motives have ever been
misunderstandable to me. What could
he hope to gain by such a thing?"
I had no sooner said It than I could
hive bitten my masterless tongue. For
In the very voicing of the wonder I saw,
or thought I saw, Gilbert Stair's pur
pose. Since I had not made good my
promise to die and leave the estate to
Margery, he would at least make sure of
his daughter's dowry In It by putting It
beyond us to set the marriage aside as a
thing begun but not completed. So, hav
ing this behind-time flash of after-wit, I
made haste to efface the question I Tiad
asked.
She was flushing most painfully, and I
was scarce more at ease. But having
gone thus far, I must needs let the
thought consequent slip into words.
"Thank you." I said, meaning it from
the bottom of my heart. "Now one thing
more.. and you Ehall send me to Father
Matthieu. 'Tis a shameful thing to
speak of, but the thought of It rankles
and will rankle till I have begged you to
add It to the things forgotten. That
morning in your dressing room — **
She put up her hinds as If she would
push the words back,
"Spare me. sir," she begged. "There
are some things that must always be un
speakable between us. and that Is one of
them. But if it will help you to know
that I know — how. — how you came
there — "
"But I have not forgotten them, nor
ever shall. Will you say you forgive me,
Margery?"
"For thinking I had poisoned you?
How do you know I did not?"
"I have seen Sciplo. Will you shrive
me for that disloyalty, dear lady?"
"Did I not say I had forgotten it?"
"To do the bidding of your letter, and
to say that while I live I shall be
shamed for the bitter words I gave you
when I was sick."
"I mind them not; I had . forgotten
them." f he said.
"Your father holds but. a confiscator's
title, and it. with many others, has been
voided by the Congress of North Caro
lina. Richard Jennifer is my dear
friend, and you —
" "I begin to understand — a little," she
said, and now her voice was low and she
would not look at me. Then in the same
low tone: "But now — now you would
be free again?"
"How can you ask?» As matters stand
I have marred your life and Dick's most
hopelessly. Do you wonder that I
have been reckless of the hangman?
that I care not for my interfering life
at this moment, save as the taking of
it may involve you and Richard?"
"No. surely." she said, still speaking
softly. And now she gave me her eyes
to look into, and the hardness was all
melted out of them. "Did I you come
here, under the shadow of the gallows,
to tell me this. Monsieur John?'
"There shall be no more half-confi
dence between us, dear lady. I had my
leave of General Morgan on the ! score
of our need for better information of
Lord Comwallis' designs; but I should
have come in any cas?<r — wanting the
leave. m"y commission as a /ipy, or any
other excuse."
"To tell me this?"
" "I was the last will and testament of
one John Irr-ton, gentleman, in which
he bequeathed to Margery, his wife, his
estate of Appleby Hundred."
"Api-leby Hundred?" she echoed. "But
my father — "
'I wss but a short-sighted fool, and
r.o prophet." I rejoined, striving hard to
keep the bitterness of soul out of my
words. "At the moment it seemed the
only way out of the pit of doubt into
which my word to Colonel Tarleton had
plunged you. But there was another
motive. \ou saw the paper I signed
that night, with Lieutenant Tybee and
your father's factor for the witnesses?"
"Yes."
"Do you know what it was?"
'Control yourself." I whispered. "What
is done, is done; and the misery is not
sill yours to suffer. Tell me how I may
find tli<" rri^st. and I will do my errand
sn<] begone."
"You can not stay to find him now —
you must not." she insisted, coming out
of the fit of despair with a rebound. "He
is in the town — Indeed. I know not where
he is just now. Can you not endure it a
little longer. Captain Ireton?"
"No." said I. sullenly. "I have been
living a lie all thes* months to the friend
I love best, and I will not do it more."
Could I b» mistaken? Surely there
was a flash not of anger in
the eyes that were lifted to mine,
and a tremulous note of e->erness in the
voice that said: "Then Dick does not
know? — you have not told him?"
"No; I have told no one."
"Poor Dick!" she said softly. "I
thought he knew, and I — "
¦ She paused, and in the pause it flashed
upon me how she had wronged my dear
lnd; how she had thought he would
make brazen love to her knowing she
was the wife of another. I t-anked God
in my heart that I had been able to
right him thus far.
After a time she said: "Why did
you make me marry you. Monsieur
John? Oh. I have racked my brain so
for the answer to that question. I know
you said it was to save my honor. But
surely we have paid a heavier penalty
th^in any that could have b<*en laid
upon me had you left me as I was."
I bowed my head to the storm. With
the dagger of my miserable errand stick
ing in my heart there was no flght In me.
"I am but come to do your bidding," I
said, slowly, for the words cost me sore
ly in the coin of anguish. "I had your
letter, and If you will say how I may
find Father Matthieu— "
She broke me in the midst. "Mon
Dleu!" she cried. "Could I guess that
you would come here, into the very noose
of the gallows? Oh, how you do heap
scorn on scorn upon me! Once you -made
me give silent consent to a falsehood
you told; twice, nay, thrice, you have
mf.de me disloyal to the king; and now
you come again to make me look the
world in the face and tell a smiling lie
to shield you! O Holy Mother, pity me!"
And with this she r»ut her face in her
hands and began to sob.
Now we were ouly measurably isolated
on the stair, and some sense of the haz
ard we took — a hazard involving her as
\v*ll as Richard and myself — steadied me
with a sudden shock.
"What folly is this, sir?" she demand
ed. "Will you never have done taking
my honor and your own life into your
reckless hands?"
the arm of another epauletted dangler.
She was before me at the meeting
-place, and there was no laughing wel
come in the deep-welled eyes. Instead.
tb«y flashed at me a look that made me
wince. < -
While we were about this last. Eph
ralm Yeates came loping down the ave
nue and through the gate to vault into
the saddle of the first horse he could lay
hands on; and so it was that we three
took the northward road in the silver
starlight, with the pursuit now in order
again and in full cry behind us.
'Twas not until we had safely run the
gauntlet of the vedette lines by a by
path known to the old hunter, and had
shaken off the troopers that were follow
ing, that I found time to ask what had
become of the men who had formed the
ambush in the shrubbery.
The old man gave his dry chuckle of a
laugh.
'Twas the same old roose de geer, as
the down-country Frenchers 'u'dsay. I
stole the drunken sergeant's gun and two
others, and let 'em off one to a time. As
for the screechin', one bazoo's as good
as a dozen, If 89 be ye blow It fierce
enough."
'"Twas cut and dried beforehand.'
Dick explained. "I had an Inkling, of
what was afoot from Ephralm- here,
whom I stumbled on when I dropped
from the stair window that Madge
opened for me. He went to set his one
man ambush while I was trying to warn
you.r
"So." said I. "Our skins are whole,
but after all we have come off with
"In the name of the king!" he said;
and this was all he had time or leave to
say. For at the summons I drove my
fist against the point of his wagging
Jaw, and the recoil of the blow carried
me clear of the window seat with what
a din and 'clamor of a hue and cry to
speed the parting guest as you may fig
ure for yourselves.
The alighting ground of the leap was
the body of Dick's late antagonist lying
prone beneath the window ledge; but the
lad was up and ready to catch me when
I stumbled over the vanquished one.
" 'Tis legs for it now." he cried. "Make
for the avenue and the horses at the
hitch rail!" .
At rising twenty a man may run fast
and far; at rising forty he may still
run far if the first hundred yards do
not burst his bellows. So when we
had darted through the thin line
of encircling horsemen and were
flying down the broad avenue with
all the troopers who had caught sight of
us thundering at our heels, Dick was the
pace-setter, while I made but a shifty
second, gasping and panting and dying a
thousand deaths in the effort to catch
my second wind.
"Courage!" shouted Dick, flinging the
word back over his shoulder as he ran.
"There is help, ahead if we can live to
reach the gate!" ,
But. luckily for me, the help was near
er at hand. Half way down the box-bor
dered drive, when I was at my last gasp,
the shrill yell of the border partisans
rose from the shrubbery on the right,
and a voice that I shall know and wel
come in another world cried out: "
"Stiddy. boys, stiddy till ye can see
the whites o' their eyes! Now. then;
give it to 'em hot and heavy!"
A haphazard banging of guns followed
end the pursuit drew rein in some confu
sion, giving us time to reach the great
gate and the horse rail, and to loose and
mount the gray and the sorrel we had
marked out.
She went at that, and I made my way
slowly to the far side of the ballroom,
taking post in a deep-recessed window
giving upon the lawn. Though it was
January and Ino r.Igbt was chill and raw,
the rooms were summer warm with the
breath of the crush, and some one had
swung the casement.
¦\Vithout, 1 could hear the horses of the
waiting troop champfrig restlessly at
their bits, and now and agatn tiie low
gentling words of the riders. Why the
colonel did not spring his trap at once 1
could not guess; though I learned later
that he had magnified our two-man spy
ing venture into a patriot foray meant
to capture the whole houseful of British
officers at a swoop, and was taking his
measures accordingly.
'Twas while I was listening to the
champing horses that I heard uny name
whispered in the _ darkness, beyond the
open casement. I' turned slowly, and the
nearest of the soldier watchers began to
edge his way toward my window, i
• " 'Tis I— Dick Jennifer," whispered the
voice without. "Swing the casement a
little wider and out with you. Be swift
about it, for God's sake!" .
"I am fair trapped," I whispered back.
"Make oft as you can."
"And leave you behind?" So much I
heard; and^then came sounds of a strug
gle; the breath-catchings of two men
locked In a strangler's hold, a smothered
oath or two. a fall on the turf under the
window, followed by the soft thudding
of fist blows. 1 could bear it no longer.
The edging sola'ier had come within
arm's reach, and when I swung the case
ment a little wider, he laid a hand on my
shoulder.
"Oh. '^is hard, hard!" she murmured.
I snatched the word from her lips.
"To choose between love and wifely
duty? Then I make it a command. Go,
quickly!"
She glanced over her shoulder with a
look in her eyes that made me think of a
wounded bird fluttering in the net of the
fowler.
Her shudder of loathing shook the
hand on my arm. "That man! Oh. Mon
sieur John! I fear him day and nijjht!
If I could but run away; but we are not
finding Dick — we must find him quickly!"
There was no other place to look save
in tJip entrance hall, and at the door one
of the statue-like soldiers took two steps
aside and barred the way. I faceJ aboat
and we plunged once again into tho
throng, but not before I had had a
glimpse of Richard in the hall beyond.
When the chance offered, I bent to whis
per.
"Dick is in the hall, looking for me. Go
you to him and wr.rn him. I may not
pass the door, as you have seen."
"He will not escape without you," she
demurred.
"Tell him he must. Tell him I say he
must:"
But by now my purpose was well ta
ken, and though it appeared that Richard
Jennifer was more than ever my suc
cessful rival. I p»£dse you. my dears, i
had no thought of leaving him behind.
So we made another slow round of the
rooms, and while we , were looking for
Dick I spoke in guarded whispers to
warn my lady of Falconnet's return. But
the warning was not p^ded.
"Oh. why did you bring him here? He
will surely be taken!" Her voico was
tremulous with fear, and I answered as
I could, being sore at heart, in spite ol
all. ths.t her chief concern should be for
Richard.
Together we made the slow circuit of
the dancing room, -but Jennifer was not
to be found. Out of the tail of my eye
I saw a soldier slipping in here and
there to stand statue-like against the
wall. This brought it to a matter of
minutes, of seconds, mayhap, and still
we looked in vain for Dick.
We were standing in a deep window
bay and I drew the curtain an Inch or
two. The air without was filled with
the trampling of hoofbeats on green
sward. A ligHt-horse troop was sur
rounding- the manor house.
I drew her arm in mine and led her
back to the ballroom: 'twas now come to
this, that open publicity was our best
safeguard. "We must find Dick," said I.
"Have you seen him?'*
began to drift again, through the ball
room and so on to where the spread table
stood ringed with its groups of nlbblers.
I had made no more than half the round
of the refectory when I saw Margery
standing in the curtained arch, looking
this way and that, with anxious terror
written plainly in her face.
"What is it?" I asked, when she had
found me out, ,
'"Tis the worst that could happen,
she whispered. "You are discovered,
both of you. Colonel Tarleton was too
shrewd for us. He has let it be known
among the officers that there are two
spies in the house, and now. Hark!
what is that?"
"you knew full well what you were
promising. John Ireton!" he said. "She
Is not here."
"Nay, I did not say that. But I did
say the other; that you should have the
house and all its holdings."
We were cantering up the oak-sen
tried avenue to that door which Gilbert
Stair had once sought to keep against i&
with his bell-mouthed blunderbuss.
There was no sign of any living thing
about the place; and when we had no
answer to our sword-hilt knockings on
the door, the lad turned upon me with a
flash of anger in bis eyes and his lip a
curl.
But once at large, we put spurs to our
horses in true ritter fashion: and we had
galloped half way to Appleby House be
fore Dick said:
"Now we are well out of that, what
next? We can not go to Margery with
the whole British army at our heels."
"Nay. but we shall, if only for a short
half hour," I asserted. Then, as once
before. I gave him my best bow. "For
the last time, it may be. let me play the
lord of the manor. You are very wel
come to my father's demesne, Richard,
and to all of Its holdings."
"All?" said he, giving me a quick eye
shot as we pressed on side by side.
"Yes, all," said I; and I meant It In
good faith. He should have the lady
too; that precious holding 1 of the old
manse without whom my father's acres
would be a bauble to be lost or won In
differently.
"Then you do not love Madge more?"
he queried, his eye kindling.
How we rode free out of that hurly
burly at the ford head you must figure
for yourselves. If you can. The men of
the British vanguard were all about us
when we got to the' scrub oak thicket
and mounted, but no one of them raised
a hand to stay us. I have thought since
that mayhap they took us for a pair of
their own Tory allies who ¦were not
above wearing the stolen uniforms of the
dead. Be that as it may. we rode away
unhindered. Dick In all the bravery of
his captain's slashngs. and I in light
horse buff and blue, taking the road
toward the manor house because that
was the only one beyond the sight and
sound of the Tictors at the ford.
The old marksman sprang up in a
fury of wrath. "Dad blast ye for a pair
of aim-sp'ilin' — "
A roar of musketry cut the rebuke in
half, and a storm of bullets smote
through the branches overhead. A fall
ing bough knocked my hat off. and 1
stooped to recover it. When I rose.
Dick was clipping the old man tightly in
his arms. Yeates' belt was cut, and a
little oozing well-spring ' of red was
slowlv soaking the fringe of his hunt
ing-shirt.
'Ease me down, Cap'n Dick; ease me
down. The old man's done for, this
time, ez I allow — spang, in the Innards.
Ease me down and get off for yerselves.
if so be ye can. im — me — Jit — **
The wagging Jaw dropped and the
keen old eyes went dim and slglitless.
Dick's oath was more a sob than an Im
precation; and now it was I who said:
"Come on — the living before the dead!"
and so we made the well-nigh hopeless
dash for the horses.
Dick saw the meaning In my look, and
together we pounced to drag the old man
out of hiding. When we burst down
upon him. Yeates had bis piece to his
face and was drawing a bead on a stout
man in cocked hat and plain regimentals
whose horse was curveting and sidling
in the nearer shallows; no less a figure.
In truth, than my Lord Comwallis him
self, cheering his men on to the attack.
We had scarce made out the old hun
ter's target when the rifle spat fire, the
curveting charger reared in its death
plunge, and the British commander-ln
chlef. unhurt, as it seemed, was dragged
from the' entanglement of his stirrups
by his aids.
But in the gathering and the retreat
our old sharpshooter under his holly
bush had: been left behind; and now we
heard him again, chanting his terrible
Imprecations on the enemy.
"Up with you and out of this!" cried
Jennifer, setting me the example. "We
must e'en gallop as we can. Quick,
ma n !'^JlgMfe<!BawfflWBW>^jgiJ" fflm
By this time the British .vanguard was
storming ashore through the shallows
below the tree fringe which served as
cover for Graham's men, and the king's
muskets, silent hitherto, began to roar
and belch by platoon and volley fire.
Jennifer craned his neck and took a
swift view of the situation.
"By the Lord Harry!" he cried, "'tis
high time Joe Graham was getting his
lads in order for a foot race. Once those
fellows come ashore they'll play hare
and hounds with us to the king's , taste.
Keep your eye on the nags. Jack. It may
chance us to do what two men can to
cover a belated retreat,"
We had tethered our horses in a thick
et of scrub oak where they would be out
of bullet reach until the enemy gained
the bank. As I looked to make sure of
them, the sorrel gave a - shrill neigh to
welcome the pounding of hoofs on the
Appleby road. I made sure this would
be General Davidson bringing in the re
serves; and so, indeed, it was; but he
came too. late. O'Hara's men were al
ready climbing the bank; and Joe Gra
ham was rallying his little company for
flight in the face of an onset that made
the tree fringe sing with musket balls.
"'Tis our cue to *run away!" Dick
shouted, dragging me to my feet. "To
the horses!"
But now w.ewere too late. .David
son's men were between us and the
scrub oak thicket, and we must wait
till the column swept by—
Dick swore fervently and put his face
to the foe and his back to a tree. Where
upon I dragged him down as promptly as
he had Just now dragged me up. telling
him his broadsword would make but a
poor 'shift parrying musket-balls.
What followed after was over and done
with in a dozen fluttering heart beats.
Seeing the case was desperate. General
Davidson gathered Graham's fifty into
his flying column, flogged his rear' into
the retreat, and was pitched out of his
saddle by a Tory rifle bullet while he
was doing It. And when the way to our
horses was clear of the galloping Caro
linians, and we would have run. to mount
and ride - after them, the swarminjj red
coat van was upon us..
"Let be," he said, " 'tis murder, if you
like, but all war is that. When old
Eph's turn comes, they will kill him as
relentlessly as he is killing them."
My gorge rose. This picking off of of
ficers has always seemed to me the sav
agest of war's barbarities. How Richard
divined my thought and purpose, I know
not: but when I would have slipped down
to Yeates' holly bush he laid a detaining
hand on my arm.
Crack! went the long-barreled piece
again, and again an officer hallooing on
his; floundering battalion bent to his
saddlehorn and slipped Into the turbid
flood.
" 'Let them be as the children of Am
alek before the Mighty One of Israel;
make them and their princes like Oreb
and Zeeb; yea, make all their princes
like as Zebah and Zaimunna. • • •
O my God. make them like unto a wheel,
and n9 the stubble before the wind; like
ns the fire that burneth up the wood, and
as the flame that consume th the moun
tains.' "
" 'Let God arise and his inimies be
scattered. • • • - Let them be as
chaff upon a threshing floor." — **
"The sharp crack of the old borderer's
rifle filled the momentary pause, and a
British officer in a colonel's uniform
swayed drunkenly in his saddle and
plunged headlong in the stream.
"T.was touch and go, but happily, as I
have said, the river was at hand. We
came to the high bank some hundred
yards above the fording place, and lack
ing Dick s example to shame me to the
brnvor course, I fear I should have re
coiled at the brink. But when the lad
sent his horse without the missing of a
bound far out over the eddying flood, I
shook the reins on the sorrel's neck,
gave him the word and shut my eyes.
Afte*r all. it was nothing worse than a
cold plunge, with a few pistol bullets to
spitUr harmlessly around us when we
came up for air. Moreover, there were
the campflres of Davidson's men on the
farther bank to encourage us; and so
swimming and wading by turns, we got
across in time to give the alarum.
¦ As you would guess, there was a
mighty stir on our side of the river when
we had splashed ashore and got our
news well born. As It turned out,' Gen
eral Davidson's main camp was a good
half-mile back from the river In one of
the outtlelds of Appleby Hundred. So it
chanced there were upon the spot only
brave Joe Graham and his fifty riflemen
to dispute the passage of an army.
What was done at Macgowan's Ford in
tne gray dawn of the morning of Febru
ary 1, 1781. has become a page In our
history. But I protest that not any of
the chroniclers do eve'n-handed justice to
the little band of patriot riflemen doing
their utmost to hold a hundred-to-one
outnumbering: host in check.
'Twas a fine sight, be the onlooker
Whig or Tory. The Guards, led by the
fiery Irishman, O'Hara.- took the water
first, the men crowding shoulder to
shoulder to brace against the sweep of
the current, which, on the western side
of the stream, was little less than a mill
tail for swiftness. After them came the
foot and horse in solid squares, and al
ways with more to follow. Ndne the less,
our little handful did not blanch; and
when the Guards in midstream • held
straight across instead of bearing to the
right as the ford ran, a shout went up
on our side and the fifty hastened up
from the fordhead as one man to face
the enemy squarely.
Now it was that the brown-barreled
riflrs began to crack and spit fire; and I
do think if we had had our other two
hundred and fifty out of that back field
on the manor lands, we might at least
have made the wading redcoats hurry a
little. Indeed, as it was, the van of the
Guards broke here and there, and we
could hear O'Hara berating- his men as
only a battle-mad Irishman can. with
blarneyings and curses intermingled.
'"Having no firearms save our wetted
pistols, Jennifer and I crouched in cover,
waiting to do what two swordsmen
might - when the blade's length .should
bridge the fast-narrowing distance be
tween uh and the advancing host.
'Twas in this little Interval of forced
inaction that we heard a most fa
miliar voice issuing from a clump of
holly Just below our covert; a voice lifted
now* in fervent prayer and again in
scriptural anathema on the foe.
"Not unless they swim, horse and
foot," I objected. "'Twill be Macgow
an's. more likely." , :-•
Having 1 this uncertainty to resolve, we
must hang upon the skirts of the British
advance till we could make sure, and
this proved to be a most perilous busi
ness. - Yet by riding abreast of the mov
ing main we did resolve the uncertainty;
heard the orders passed from man to
man, and later saw a small feinting de
tachment split oft to take the road for
Beattie's, while the main body held on
for Macgowan's; all of this before we
were discovered in the gloaming of the
dawn by some of Tarleton's men.
Then. I promise you, my dears. It was
neck or nothing, with the devil to take
th«» hindmost. Away we sped toward' the
near-by river, spurring our wearied
beasts as men who ride for life, with a
dozen troopers so close upon us that
¦when I glanced over my shoulder the
foremost of the redcoat riders was hav
ing his face well bespattered with the
mud from my horse's heels.
When we had sheered off to let this skir
mish* cloud by, Dick struck a spark Into
his tinder-box to have a sight of his
compass needle.
"South and by east," he announced;
"that- will mean. Beattie's Ford, I take
It-' •
THE SUND A Y CALL. •
3THE SUNDAY CALLi.
4
ante-dungeon to the wine cellar.
Here I thought we might be safe for
the moment, but not so my lady. Call
ing Dick to help her— In. all the fierce
haste of it I marked that she called to
Dick and not to me — she unlocked and
opened the door to the wine vault, and
in a. trice we two and the luckless horses
were safely Jailed in pitchy darkness
with the stout oaken door slammed be
hind us. the bolt shot in the lock, and
the key withdrawn, as we could see by
the spot of light which came through
the keyhole. ' L ,
And while we sat and talked the long
day wore on to evening and a storm
came on. as we could determine,
though no otherwise than by the muffled
rolling of the thunder which, since we
could not see the lightning nor hear the
rain, we took at first for the booming of
distant cannon.
Jennifer had resumed his pacing sen
try beat, and at this juncture a most
singular thing happened. Though we
were sealed in. as I have said, from the
outer world" with no crack nor cranny
for a peephole, a blinding flash of light
ning, blue and ghastly, came suddenly to
fill the whole cellar with its vivid glare.
"Good Lord!" says Richard, clapping
his hands to his eyes; "where did that
come from?"
I was wholly at a loss for a moment.
Then I remembered that there was. or
had been in my boyhood days, a narrow,
iron-barred window in the farther end of
the wina cellar, opening beneath that
other window of the great south room
where I had climbed to spy upon the
conspirators on the night of Captain
John Stuart's visit to Appleby. So it
chanced that when another flash came I
was looking straight over Dick's head at
the place in the farther arching of the
vault where the little window should be.
The momentary glare showed me the
low square of the window opening, and
framed for a flitting instant therein a
face of most devilish malignity peering
in upon me with foxy-fierce eyes; the
face, to wit, of Gilbert Stair's lawyer
factor.
In a twinkling the vision was gone,
find In the space between the flash and
the crash there was a sound as of a
wooden shutter slamming In place. Dick
heard the noise without knowing the
cause of it, being so far 'beneath the
window as to see nothing but the light
ing of the glare.
"What was that?" he demanded, when
the thunder gave him leave.
" 'Twas our trapper clapping the shut
ter on the window over your head," said
I. "He was looking in to see if we were
ripe for hanging."
"'Tis no time for riddles; what mean
you?"
"I mean that we shall have a file of
redcoats down upon us as soon as ever
Mr. Owen Pengarvin can give the alarm."
"Oho;" said Dick; and then he pulled
his sword from its scabbard, and I could
see the battle-veins swelling in his fore
head. "They can hang me when I am too
dead to cut and thrust more — not
sooner.**
I got me up and went to find the sword
which I had laid aside in the horse-bait
ing. 'Twas a poor blade — one of our
captures at the Cowpens; and when I
tried its temper it snapped in my hand.
"Never mind." said I: "give me the
broadsword scabbard and I will play it
as a cudgel, 'tis long enough and full
heavy enough."
He laughed and clapped me on the
shoulder, swearing out his love for me
as If I had said something moving. "You
are every inch a soldier. Jack; you would
put heart into a worse craven than I am
ever like to be." And he loosed the iron
scabbard and gave it to me.
Now ensued a most painful time of
waiting and listening for the tramp of
our takers. We posted us near the door,
a little to the side, so that its inswing
might not catch us; and so. bracing for
the onset, we waited till the strain of
suspense grew' so great that we both
started like frightened children, when
finally the key was thrust into the lock
and the bolt shut back.
But when the heavy dooi; gave inward,
as at the pushing of a weak or timid
hand, we saw our dear lady standing in
t!v» half gloom of the ante-dungeon,
breathless and trembling with excite
ment.
"Come!" she panted: "come quickly —
there is not an instant to spare. The
factor has betrayed you; he will be here
directly with the dragoons!".
I cut in swiftly. "He has not seen
Dick; does he know we are both here?"
She had one hand on her heart to still
its tumultuous beating, and the other
held behind her, and she could scarce
speaJi more for her eagerness to have us
out and away.
"No: It was you he saw; and my father
heard Colonel Tarleton give the order.
Lieutenant Tybee is to take a file of his
men and hang without grace the
man he will find hiding in the wine cel
lar; those were his very words. Oh,
merciful heaven! will you never stir?"
Richard gave a low whistle.
"So Tybee has come alive in good
time to square the old account with us."
he would say: but my wonder was great
er on the other head. "Your father?" I
gasped. "And he sent you to save me?"
"Surely," she said. "Are you not once
«gain his guest. Captain Ireton?" Then
sne stamped her foot, and though the
candle light was of the poorest, I could
see her eyes flash. "Will you squander
the last moment in silly questions?" she
burst out. "Come, I say!"
I smiled. "Give me that sword you are
hiding behind you and I will keep the
door while you sMrit Dick away. He Is
not to be in this."
She gave me the weapon, though not,
as I made sure, in any consenting to my
proposal. I could have cried out in sheer
joy when I found the sword to be my
own good blade of proof — the ancient
Ferara willed me by my father.
Sharp as the crisis was. I make no
doubt I should have asked her then and
there how she came by the blade I had
last seen when my Lord Cornwallis tried
to break it over his knee; but the march
of events suddenly became too swift for"
me. There was a sound of cautious foot
steps In the inclined passage leading
from th« butler's pantry above, and our
chance for escape that way was gone.
"Too late!" said Dick; and with an arm
about Margery he whipped behind the
great oaken door opened back against
the cellar wall, whispering me to follow.
We were scarce In hiding, with the
door well drawn back to screen us. when
the cautious footsteps came slowly into
the out-cellar. Peeping through the
crack behind the door we saw Pengarvin
— alone.
What brought him there without his
tale of armed men at his back no man
will ever know; but since his ways' were
always crooked and devious, I guessed
he would not wish to appear In the mat
ter in his own proper person, and yet
could not deny himself a 'forehand peep
to see if the trap were still safe shut
and secure.
'Twas evident he was much disconcert
ed at finding the door open and the wine
vault apparently empty. At first he
would start and dodge as if to run away;
then his rage got the better of his cau
tion and he had one of those senseless
cursing fits I have told before you of.
raving and swearing and promising all
manner of fiendish recompense to Mis
tress Margery when he should have her
in his power.
A little longer dwelling upon this va
riation of the cursing theme — ravings In
which Dick learned for the first time of
the factor's design to marry my widow
and the estate — and I do think the lad
would have gone out to make him sing
another tune. But now the factor left
off suddenly to cock his ear and listen,
and afterward to come tiptoeing Into the
cellar, all eyes to spy and legs to run If
a mouse should but squeak at him. ,.
The candle . was burning brightly now^
and he crept catlike around the cask to
peer into the bin beyond it. Just then
fell open 7 with a shrill creaking of its
the shutter to the little window of espial
rusty hinges, and a blue glare of light
ning came to prick out every nook and
corner of the cellar. Being almost with
in a blade's length of* the factor, I saw
' him plainly; saw him start back and put
his hands to his face and drop down all
of a tremble on the bin's edge, where i
had been sitting wh,en he discovered me.
To second the flash of a prolonged
drum roll of thunder upon the still air
of the vault, and mingled with the thun
der came other flashes, searing the eye
and making the candle flame appear as
a sickly orange halo In the blue-white
glare. What with the play of the storm
artillery we could neither see nor hear
for the moment, but when the candle
light came to its own again the scene
had changed as if my magic. Under
cover of the thunder din a squad of
dragoons had come to ring the factor in
where he sat upon the edge of the wine
bin.
"So-ho!" said my good friend Tybee,
with a little strident laugh, "'tis you I
am to take out and hang, is it, Master
Lawyer? 1 thought mayhap you'd dou
ble on your track once too often, and so
it seems you have. Up with you and
come along."
" "Oh, 'tis all a mistake, my good sir— a
devil's own trap! 1 — I am not the man; i
pledge you my sacred word! I— hands
off, you cursed villains, or I'll have the
law on you!" this last when one of the
men cast the noose of a rope over his
head while a second drew his arms to
his sides in the looping of another cord.
"By God! you shall all smart for this;
all, I say! Take me to Colonel Tarleton.
The King has no etancher friend in all
the province than I. Why, damme, 'twas
I who—"
A trooper came behind him and gadded
him with the loose end of the rope, and
Tybee held the candle to light the knot
ting of it. And po they marched him
out, with Tybee muttering between his
teeth that it was rat-catcher's work, and
no soldier's, this killing of vermin, 1 and
bidding his .men make haste.
CHAPTER L.
HOW RICHARD COVERDALES DEBT
WAS PAID.
For some breathless moments after we
three were left alone in the Stygian
darkness of the wine cellar no word was
spoken. The rolling of the thunder drum
was muffled now, as it were booming out
the dirge of the man who had digged a
pit and had fallen therein, and the light
ning flashes coming at longer intervals
served but to intensify the gloom they
lit up for the instant.
It was a minced oath from Richard
that first broke the spell that bound us.
" 'Twas too much for Madge," said he,
"she has fainted. Swing the door and
light another candle."
I did both as quickly as might be, and
we bedded her on the floor, stripping our
coats to soften the stone flagging for her
and trying by all the- means known to
two unskilled soldier leeches to bring
her to.
••Water!" said Dick, but when we had
laved her face with that and with wine
as well, without effect, we were all dis
mayed, I do assure you. For all our
efforts she lay as one dead, and neither
of us could be cold enough to pry her
lips apart to play the drenching doctor
with the wine.
"i^oru: " cued Dick, the sweat standing
out upon his face in great drops; "this
is terrible! What shall we do?"
"Jeanne will know what to do," I as
serted. "We must get her out of this
and up to her chamber."
Richard started to his feet and stopped
to gather the dear body of her in' his
arms. But in the act he paused and
straightened himself to look fixedly at
me.
"Do you take her, Jack; she Is— she is—
your wife."
"Nay. ' said I. drawing back. "You
arc her own true lover, and could she
choose her bearer—*'
"A murrain on your finickings!" he
burst out. "She may die while we nro
haggling over the right to help her.
Take her up quick, man, and begone!"
"But bethink you, Dick," I urged, "if
you are taken, you have one chance In
ten of faring as an officer and a prisoner,
of war. For me 'tis a spy's death as
swift as they can drag tine to It."
Now you will know, my dears, how
much I loved these two when I could
twist a cord of such mean fiber to bind
them closer together. Richard's eyes
flashed and his Up curled.
"Overlook It in me, if you can," he
said, with fine scorn. "I had not thought
upon the peril of it." And with that he
took her In his arms as she had
been a child to be carried and I swuntr
the door for him. But on the threshold
he gave me back my sorry little sub
terfuge. "Once more, your forgiveness.
Jack. I knew well you were but lying
to give me precedence. Can you trust
me with her?" -
"Aye, dear lad; now and ever, said I;
and so I pushed him out and closed the.
door. .
I made shift to lead the horses
through the narrow passage and out
by a rear door, giving them a friendly
slap to point them toward the stables.
I know not how long it was ti.at I
paced a weary sentry beat up and
down the narrow limits of the wine
cellar, alone with such thoughts as go
to make the sum of that despair which
follows hard upon the heels of some
climaxing catastrophe. But I do know
that, as the hours dragged on leaden
shod, a slow fever of impatience came
to dry the blood in my veins; .o make
me hunger and thirst for leave to say
the final word to Father Matthieu, and
so to be set at liberty to find the bot
tom of the pit into which a mocking
fate had plunged me.
Since I had led forth the good horses
the great oaken door had stood ajar.
So I wondered why my visitor made
so much ado rattling the key in the
lock. Then it came to me suddenly that
the noise and delay were meant to
give me timely warning; - and at the
scent of threatening peril — a - peril I
might cope with and grapple soldierwise
— I became a man again. A sweep of
my hat sent the sputtering candle flying
from its barrel head to the farther corner
of the vault and I dropped quickly be
hind :* row of empty wine-butts to await
what should befall.
Had she been a ghost. Mistress Mar
gery would scarce have startled me more
when she swung the door to let me see
her. She was gowned In her best; there
was a heightened color in her cheek;
her eyes were like stars. Truly, I do
think I never saw her so beautiful as
she appeared at that moment, standing
under the massive arch of the doorway
with her candle held high to light the
inner gloom.
"This way, Scipio," she said, trip
ping ahead of the mulatto to point out
the Madeira bin. 'We shall give my
lord and his gentlemen the best the
Appleby cellar holds to speed their
parting." Wherewith she stood aside
to wait while he filled his basket with
the straw-cased bottles. /
At this I saw why she had come.
Lord Cornwallis and his gejitlemen were
about to take the road and the wine
was wanted for the stirrup cup. Trust
ing my fate to -no hand less loyal than
her own, she had come herself with
Scipio to stand betwixt me and possible
discovery. And her word to the serv
ing man was also a word to me to let
me know my prisonment was near an
end.
I thought It a most generous thing
in her; the last of all her many wifely
loyalties; and I would have given much
for leave to stand forth and tell her
so. .Indeed, when the mulatto had
poised his basket upon his head and
vanished, and she was lingering to take
a last look around before she followed
him. I was upon the point of speaking.
But while I hesitated I saw her
start back with a little cry of terror.
Standing In the arched doorway through
which the mulatto had now passed was
a man cloaked, hatted, booted and spur
red as for the road. At her cry he
doffed his hat and ... >
My dears, I shall never be • able to
draw for you the hideous 'death-mask
the man was wearing for a face. Seamed
and scarred, shriveled and livid in pur
ple and crimson welts, you would think
a nine-thronged whip of- fire had
scourgred out every semblance of come
liness, leaving only the skeleton frame
on which to hang this ghastly carica
ture of a human face. Fearing him not
at all, I could scarce forbear a shudder
at the sight of this walking death-mask
of the libertine, Sir Francis Falconnet:
And if his face were terrifying- in re
pose, 'twas fair . demoniac when he
laughed.
"Ha!" he said, ', bowing again in the
mockery, of politeness, "You are sur
prised, Mistress Margery; you heard
my lord's order and. thought I would
be now some miles on the road to Sal
isbury?"
"If you were the loyal soldier you
should be, sir." she said, drawing her
self up proudly, "you would be at the
head of your troop, as his Lordship di
rected." And then, with a gesture that
was most queenly: "Stand aside, Sir —
Libertine, and let me, pass."
His answer was another mocking
laugh, and he ' stepped within to close
the door and lock it. When he turned
to front her again his face was the face
of a tormented devil.
"By God! you think too lightly of me.
Mistress Margery. Before ever this day
dawned I owed you much, but like a
spiteful little hellicat you must needs add
to the score by making me a target for
your wit at the supper table. 'Twill cost
a life to more than one of them who
laughed with you, my lady, .but 'twill
cost you dearer still."
He came nearer as he spoke, thrusting
that horrible face farther into the circle
of candle light, but she would not draw
back nor flinch a hair, and I marked
that the hand that held the candlestick
was as steady as a rock. - But when he
made an end she flung a quick glance
over her shoulder and my heart leaped
for Joy. For then I knew she was lean
ing upon me.
"Once more. Captain Falconnet, will
you let me pass?" she said.
"No!" he snarled, adding a horrid
blasphemy. 'VTwas passion in me once,
and I am none so sure there was not a
time when you could have cooled it into
love. But now 'tis hatred and revenge."
He snapped his fingers In her face. "The
thing tney'll find. here in- the morning— "
He fell face downward at her feet and
I s«t my heel in the small of his back
to hold him while I could drive the point
of the Ferara between his ribs. But my
dear lady would not have it so.
"No, no! for the love of heaven, not
that, Monsieur John!" she cried, and for
the moment her fine, courage was all
swallowed up of pity and she became a
compassionate woman pleading for a
life.
But now my blood was up. "You are
my wife," I said, coldly. "If he had a
dozen lives I should take them all for
that which he said to you."
• "But not that way — oh, not that way,
I do beseech you!" she beggea. "Think
of what it will mean to you— and— to me.
For your own sake. Monsieur John."
I took my heel from the man's back.
"Your wish is law to me, dear lady.
But your way Is clear now; you may
go." : , ¦ v .
She took a step toward the door.
"You will not kill him when I am
gone. Monsieur John?"
"By the name he bears he was doubt
less born a gentleman; since you wish it
he shall die like one."
I paw she did not take my meaning;
that when she was gone I should let
him have his chance to die sword in
hand.
"Remember, I have your promise," she
said, turning to go. "The army is on the
march for Salisbury, and in a little whiie
your friends will be here to—"
The sentence ended in a. very womanly
I cannot tell you what was in the
words to make me hot with anger, as I
had but now been hot with love. But
the new wound in my shoulder was
bleeding freely, and I would not let her
see I was hurt; and if aught, will
stanch a wound 'tis anger.
"You need not say so much." I retorted,
bowing low. "You have . spoken now
and then of certain duties binding upon
those who are knotted up. ever so loose
ly, in the marriage bond; I have my
part in these as well as you, Mistress
Margery."
She b'it her lip and was upon the
&dge of tears. I saw what I had done
and would curse the masterless tongue
that must needs add its word-thong to
the night's whip of scourgings.
When she spoke again it was to say:
"This is your own house, Captain Ire
ton; what will you do?"
"One question first, Is Richard Jenni
fer safe?"
"He is."
"Then, by your good leave, I shall do
what I came to do."
She bent her head in acquiescence.
"You will find the — person whom you
wish to see In your old room In the
north gable. Shall I have Anthony
light you up?"
"No; 1 can find the way."
My hand was on the stair rail when
the cruel irony of it struck me like a
olow. She had planned the loosing of
the bond in the very room where she
had knelt to take the good father's bless
ing upon it.
I stepped back, stumbled, I should
say, for a curious weakness had come
upon me, and drew her arm in mine.
"We will go together, if you please,
my lady. 'Tis only just to me that you
should hear what I must say to Father
Matthieu."
And so. dear heart! she bore with
me to the last; and together we climbed
the stair to come into the upper cor
ridor with the room of destiny at its
farther end. .
We came as far as the door; I mind
it perfectly, for I remember marking
that the wooden bar my father had put
upon it was gone, and the iron brackets
as well. But while I was groping for
the latch there came a taste of blood
in my mouth, and I heard my dear
lady's voice as if she were calling to
me across the eternal abysses. "Mon
sieur John! — you are hurt!" And then
from a still remoter distance: "Oh,
Father Matthieu — Dick! Come quickly!
He is dying!"
CHAPTER LI.
IN WHICH THE GOOD CAUSE GAINS
A CONVERT.
"You have teen terribly near to death.
Monsieur John: so near that Docto. Ca
row has twice given you over."
"No." said I: 'there was no fear of
that. I nin like that man In the old Ger
man folk uilo who made a compact witri
the Evil One, selling thereby his chanc?
to die. Death would not take me as a
gift. Mistress Margery; I have tried him
too oftt-n."
"Hush!" she said; "'tis an ill thing to
jest about. Why should you want to
die?"
"Rather ask why I should choose to
live. But this Is beside the mark. You
should have let me die, dear lady; but
since you did not, we must e'en make the
best of it."
She faced me with a smile that strug
gled with some deeper feeling of the
heart: I knew not what.
"•'Tis a monstrous auleful alternative,
n'est-ce pas? And I must not let you
talk at all — 'tis Doctor Carew's order."
So saying, she smoothed the c'ounter-
say, and I'm fain to hope we've seen the
last o' him, and his reaving redcoats in
these parts."
His words set me in a muse. I could
never make out what he would be at,
telling me all this. But he had an ob
ject, weli-detined, and presently it saowed
its head.
"Ye're the laird o' the manor now. Cap
tain Ireton, with none to gainsay ye,'
he went on. "So I've come to give ye an
account o-' my stewardship. I made no
doubt, all along, ye'd come back to your
own when ye'd had your fling wi' the Old
noddies, and so I've kept tab o' the poor
bit land for ye."
"Oh, you have?" said I, being so far
out-brazened as to be incapable of saying
more.
J "I have that— every plack and bawDee.
T.s ten years come Michaelmas since 1
took over the charge o' Appleby Hun
dred, and I'm ready to account to ye for
eve-ry season's crop— when ye'll pay down
the bit steward's fee."
"Truly." said I, "you are an honest
man. Mr. Stair." Then, to humor him
to the top of his bent: "Haphazarding a
guess, now, would this accounting leave
a balance in my favor or in yours?"
He gave me a look like that of a cos
termonger weighing and measuring the
gullibility of his customer.
"Oh, aye, I'm no saying there might
n t be a bit siller coming to me; a tew
hundred pounds, more or less — sterling,
man. sterling; not Scots," he added has
tily. And then as if it were best to leave
this nail as it was driven, . he changed
the subject abruptly. "I've brought ye
that last will and testament ye signed,"
handing me the parchment. "No doubt
you'll let it stand, but when the bairns
come ye'll want to be adding a codicil
or two."
Leaving the matter of the estate, 1
thought it high time to cut to the mar
row of the bigger bone. So I said: "Let
us be frank with each other in this, Mr.
Stair. How much has your daughter told
you of the matter between us?" \
"She's a jade!" he rasped, lasplng for a
moment into his real self. But he recov
ered his self-control Instantly. "Ye'd no
expect a romantic bit lassie wi' French
blood in her veins to be confldencing wi'
her old dried-up wisp of a father, now
would ye? She's no tell't me everything,
I daresay."
"Then I will tell you the plain truth
of It," I said. "This marriage was never
anything more than the form we agreed
It should be at the time; a makeshift to
serve a purpose. If you think I would
hold you daughter to it—"
"Hut, tut. man! what will ye be haver
ing about! Ye'll never cast the poor bit
lassie off that way! Ye canna, if ye
would; her church will have a word to
say to that."
For all his aping the manner of the
ignored father, I shrewdly suspected that
he knew more about the ins and outs of
our affair than he owned to.'- Neverthe
less, I was forced to meet him on his
own ground. /
"There is no 'casting off' about it, Mr.
Stair, and as to the church, tnere is good
ground for an appeal to Rome. The
marriage as it stands is little more than
a formal betrothal, as you well know,
soundly enough legally to make Mistress
Margery my heir-at-law, mayhap, but
still lacking everything of— *•
He could not wait to let me finish.
"Lacking d'ye say?" he rapped out,
wrathfully. "And whose fault is that,
ye cold-blooded stick? Tell me this; did
I no bundle ye neck and heels into your
own wire's bedroom? And how do you
thank me? I'm to suppose ye quarrel
wi' her like the dour-faced imp o' Sawtan
that ye are, and presently ye come rag
ing out, swearing most shamefully at a
man old enough to be your father!"
"Not once?"
"No. not once. Three times you havt>
done what the lovingest wife could do
to save a husband's life; and I do
greatly suspect there was a fourth and
earlier time. Tell me. little one. was
it not you who sent the Indian to Cap
fain Forney to tell him a natriot spy
was to be executed at day dawn In the
oak glade?"
She did not answer me direct.
" 'Twas I who brought you to that
pass," she said, speaking soft and low.
"But for my riding down upon you one
other morning in that same oak glade
you would not have had Sir Francis
Falconnet's sword in your shoulder. And
but for that sword wound nothing that
followed would have followed."
Saying this she fell silent for a space,
and when she spoke again she was be
come by some subtle transmutation my
trusting little maid or the bygone hal
cyon time.
"Do you remember how you used to
make a comrade of me in the old days.
Monsieur John, telling me things my
elder brother might have told me. had
I had one?"
I said I remembered; that I was not
likely to forget.
"Are you strong enough to stand In
that elder brother's place again to
night?"
"Try me and see. dear lady." .
. "Not while you say 'dear lady.' " she
pouted. " 'Twas 'Margery* and 'Mon
sieur John' a year agone."
"Have it as you will: I will even
call you "Madge" if it pleases you bet
ter."
"No," she said; "that is Dick's name
for me; and — and it Is of Dick that
I would speak. You love him well, do
you not. Monsieur John?"
I said I could never make her. or
any other woman, fully understand the
bond there was between us.
"Truly?" There was the merest flavor
of playful sarcasm In the uptilt of the
word, but it was gone when she went
on.
"Being, so good a friend to Dick, then,
you can advice me better. Tell me. If
you please, must I marry him — when — "
"¦\Vhen you are free to do it?" I fin
ished for her. "Why should you not, my
dear?"
She was pulling the threads from the
lace edging of her kerchief and would
not for a king's ransom let her eyes meet
mine.
"You used to say — in that other time —
that love stiould go before a marriage;
did you not? Or do I remember badly?"
"You remember well. I said it then,
and I say it again at this present. But
Dick loves you well and truly, sweet
heart; and you — "
She looked up quickly with the little
laugh that used to remind me of happy
children at play.
"And I? — now you will read a wo
man's heart for me, Monsieur John.
Tell me; do I love him as his mistress
should?"
"Nay, surely," said I, gravely, for
somehow her laugh Jarred upon "me,
"surely that is for you to say. But you
have said it. long since."
"Have I?" she queried, with an arch
lifting of the penciled brows that came
straight from her French mother. "May
hap you overheard me say it. Monsieur
Eavesdropper?"
"God help me, little one — so I did,"
said I.
All in a flash her laughing mood was
gone and she stood before me like an ac
cusing goddess.
"You told me once the past was like a
dream to you; you must have dreamed
that part of it, sir. And yet you said a
snrieK or terror, waicning ni3 cnance,
my dastard enemy had bounced to his
feet' to make a quick lunge, not at me,
but at her.
Of course I came between to parry the
murderous thrust, and after that It was
life for one of us and death for the
other. I looked to see my lady
run, shrieking; indeed, I called to her to
go, but she stood fast as if her terror
had frozen her, and it was her candle
that lighted the grim vault for the duel. •
As you will know full well. I was not
minded to give this thrice-accursed Mend
more than the gentleman's chance I had
promised to give him. . But now, as
twice before, he fought most desperately,
trying by every trick of fence to come
between me and the silent little figure
holding the candle aloft. As I have often
said, he was a pretty swordsman, • and
at this crisis, with life at stake, and all
the fury of the seven devils ' of . disap
pointed vengeance to nerve his arm, his
sword play was most masterly.
Yet twice in his stamping rushes 1
found my onenine::once the Ferara's point
pane and straightened my pillows; and
after giving me a great spoonful of son:-s
cordial that first set a pleasant glow
alight in me and afterward made- me
drowsy, she took post again in the hol
low of the big chair and was so sitting
when I fell asleep.
This day's awakening was the first of
many so nearly of a piece that I lost the
count of Jhetn; and sleep, deep and
dreamless' for the better part, stole away
the hours -till the memory of that inch
by-inch return to health and strength Is
Itself like the memory of of the vaguest
of dreams.
By times when I awoke it was the
bluff Doctor Carew bending over me to
dress my wound; at other times it was
Margery come to tempt me with a bowl
of broth or some other kickshaw from
the kitchen. Now and again I awoke to
find Scipio or old Anthony i standing
watch at my bedside; and once — but that
was after I was up and in my clothes
and able to sit and drowse in the great
chair — I opened my eyes to find that my
"Twas far enough in the retrospect now
so that I could smile at it. Yet I would
not suffer him to bluster me aside.
"It was an ill thing for you to do, none
the less, Mr. Stair; the more so as you
must have known that Mistress Mar
gery'3 faith was plighted to Richard
Jennifer long before all thi3 came to
pass."
"Did I know it?* he shrilled. "That
lang-legged jackanapes of a Dickie Jen
nifer? Light o' love! Jade that she is,
she never cared the snap of a finger for
him."
"You are talking far enough beside the
mark now," I retorted. "Your daughter
loves Richard Jennifer well and truly,
and with this entanglement brushed aside
she will marry him when he comes back
from the wars."
. "She will, ye say? And what' will be
come o' the braw acres of Appleby that
gait, I'd like to know? But ye're daft,
man, clean daft. Didn't I spier her giv
ing him his quittance once for all that
night when he rode away after they had
mue wniie ago tnai i naa not rauea in
any wifely duty!"
"The time and circumstance were their
own best excuse. Sure I am far from
blaming you. my dear. But let it pass,
'tis enough that I know you love him as
he loves you."
Again her mood changed in the twink
ling of an eye. She sank down upon the
hassock, laughing merrily.
"O wise Monsieur John! how well you
read a woman's heart! 'Tis you should
be the lover instead of Dick. He rides
a-courting as he would a legion on a
battle field. But nothing would ever
tempt you to be so masterful rough,
would It. Monsieur John? You would
look deep into your sweetheart's eyes
and say — Tell me what you would say,
mon ami?"
A*h. my dears, I hope no one of you
will ever be tempted as I was tempted
then. I forgot my dear lad, forgot
honor, forgot everything save that I had
leave to tell her how I had loved her
from the first; how I should go on loving
passed his blade, and but for the ringed
guard of the German longsword that
stopped it when his parry failed the steel
would have passed through him. After
this he grew warier, having in mind, as
I supposed, that my wrist and awn could
outweary his. Yet his' savage onset never
flagged for an instant, and when the light
fell upon his hideous face I could see the
fierce eyes glinting like a basilisk's, with
no sign In them that my time was come
to press him home.
None the less, I did press him, Inch
by inch, driving him at each new clasn
of the steel a little deeper into the gloom
that crowded close udoq the narrow cir
cle of candle light. He saw my object —
to push him to unfamiliar ground where
he might trip and stumble in the dark
ness—and he strove furiously to defeat
it. Yet he had no choice, and presently
I had him among the empty winebutts.
foining and parrying for his life and
pouring out such blasphemies as would
make your blood run cold.
Here the end came quickly. Being en
tangled among the broached butts ho
had no room to play skillfully. So pres
ently it chanced that he caught his point
in the chine of a cask and his blade
snapped short at the hilt. With a veil
ing oath, hissing hot from the devil's
thumb-book, . he snatched up the broken
blade to fling and stick it javelin-wise in
my shoulder, and then I saw the dull
gleam of the candle light on the barrel
of a pistol.
Had he aimed the pistol at me I trust
I should still have given him his gentle
man's chance. But when I saw him level
the weapon at my dear lady • • •
they came In one and the same heart
beat; the sword thrust that found his
life and took it, the crash of the pistol
shot echoing like a clap of thunder in the
close vault, and pitchy darkness to draw
its curtain over all.
I know not how I reached ner, pulling
the broken sword blade from my shoul
der as I ran. nor can I tell you how. an
upgushing spring of thankfulness choked
me when I found her unharmed by the
bullet which had snuffed the candle out.
She was in a most piteous state, now
it was - all over, and though . I charged
it all where I supposed it should belong
—to the account of a natural womanly
passion to cling to something in her mo
ment of weakness — yet the blood ran
quick in my veins when she suffered me
to lead her out of that dismal, smoking
death pit, she clinging to me the while
so close that I could feel the warmth
of her and the fluttering of her, dear
heart beneath my hand. : - ¦ ¦
She said no word, nor did I, till we
were come above stairs. We found the
rooms on the main floor deserted by all
save , the blacks, who were clearing
away, the debris of. the feast of leave
taking. In the hall wo came upon old
Anthony, . putting on thechain of the
outer door. Here my lady drew apart
from me. : ' ¦
"Is my Lord gone?" she asked.
"Yes.Missa. He say tell yo" hegwine
tak it mighty hawd-yo' no come to gib
him de sti'up-cup."
"And my father?"
"Gone to de lib'ry to wait f o' Massa
Pcngarbin; yis, Missa."
She turned away, shuddering at this
mention of the factor for whose com
ing the master would wait long and In
vain, and I heard her murmur: "Oh, the
horror of * this night!" • But ¦ in ; a mo
ment she came back. to me, and was her
cool, calm self again.
"For .that; I- am here, alive and well,
I tUank you, Captain . Ireton. Need I
say more?" ; ¦>• ¦¦
company was tne master or the house.
lie was sitting as I had seen him sit
once before, behind a lighted candle at
the little table with a parchment spread
out under his bony hands. He was mum
bling over the written words of it when
I looked, but at my stirring he gave over
and sat back in his chair to cross his
thin legs and match his long fingers by
the ends, and wink and blink at me as
though be had but now discovered that
he was not alone. * .
"I give- ye good even. Captain Ireton,"
he said, finally, rasping the greeting out
to mo as it had been a curse. -"I hope
ye've slept well." •
I said I had. and thanked him. once for
the wish, and again for his coming to.
see me. I know not how it. was, but If
there had been rancor In my former
thoughts of him. 'twas something abated
now.
"Ye've had a nearhand escape this
time, sir," he said, after a longish pause.
"One more or less of a good many
since we were last met togetherin this
room, Mr. Stair," I would say.
He muttered something to himseK
about the devil taking precious good care
of his own, and I laughed.
"That Is as it may be, but" my being
here this second time a pensioner on
your bounty is by no good will of mine,
I do assure you, sir."
Ife sat nodding at me as if I had said
a thing to be most heartily agreed 10.
But his spoken word belied the nods.
"The ways of Providence are inscrut
able — something Inscrutable. Captain Ire
ton. I make no doubt ye are sufficiently
thankfu' for all your mercies."
"Why, as to that, there may be two
ways of looking at It. As a soldier, i
may justly repine at a fate which ties
me here when I should be in the Held."
"Well said, sir; bravely said; 'tis the
part of a good soldier to be aye wanting
to be in the thick o' the fighting. But
now that ye' re a man of substance, Cap
tain Ireton, ye will be owing other debts
to our country than the one ye can pay
with a handle o' steel."
"'Our. country.' did you say, Mr.
Stair?" I ' asked, feigning a surprise
which no one knowing him could feel in
very truth.
"And what for no? 'Tis the blrthland
of some— yourself .- for example, and the
leal land of adoption for others— your,
humble servant/ to wit. I've taken the
solemn oath of allegiance to the Con- .
gress, I'd have ye to know."
At this I must needs laugh outright.
"Have you taken it one more, time than
you have forsworn it. Mr. Stair?" .
"Laugh and ye will," he said, quite
placably; "ye shall never laugh the peet
riotlsm out o' me.' 'Tis little enough an
old'man can do, but. the precious cause
o' liberty will never have to ask that lit
tle twice. Captain Ireton."
Since he would ever be on the winning
side,- this foreshadowed good tidings, in
deed. So I would ask him straight what
news there was. - • <
"Have they not told ye? 'Tis braw
news," he chuckled. .: "While ye were on
your back, General- Greene led Lord
Cornwallis a fine dance all - across the
prov— the State, I mean, crooking his
finger at him and saying, 'Come on, ye
led-captain of a > tyrant King, and 'when
I'm ready I'll turn and < rend | ye.' ¦ And
by the same token.. that is Julsfwhat he
did the other day at Gullfold Court-
house."
"A. victory?" I would ask.
"Well, : not precisely that,, maybe;
they're calling it a .drawn battle. *. But
I'm thinking T tis Lord Cornwallis that's .
drawn: He s , off \ to - Wilmington, they
pin.cn ya ii> ueu .' one leu i mm nai sne
loved anither man."
"Another man?" I echoed. "I— explain
•*""»--#\ f. tf vou please, Mr. Stair. "What
other man—
;I« v.d.s at the door by this, and he
broke out upon me in such a blast of
cursing as I hope never to hear from the
lips of .such an old man again.
"Ye cold-blooded, crusty deevil!" he
quavered, when all his breath was spent
upon the bigger malisons. "Has It never
come intil your thick numskull that the
poor fule lassie is sick wi' love for ye, ye
dour-faced loon?"
And with that he let himself out and
slammed the door behind him, and I
heard him go pottering down the corri
dor, still cursing me by all the choice
phrases he could lay tongue to.
CHAPTER LII.
WHICH BRINGS US TO THE JOUR
NEY'S END.
I was pondering thoughtfully on this,
giving the. pinching old man credit for
any- and every motive save that which
he had so curslngly avowed, to wit. the
furthering of his daughter's happiness,
when there came . a tap at the door
and Mistress Margery entered.
.. "Dear heart! Do they limit you to
a single candle .when my back is
turned?" she said, in mock pity; and
saying it. went to light the candles In
the mantel sconces.
The sight of her standing a-tlptoe
to touch off the candles on the chimney
breast set the old love ppHl to make
my heart beat faster. What if there
were a hint of truth in Gilbert Stair's
wrathful protest. What if. after all, she
cared less for Richard and more for
me?
Do not. I pray you. my dears, think
too hardly of the man who thus lays
bare the secret thoughts of his heart for
you. •Twas but a passing gust of the
tempest of disloyalty, and I was not
swept wholly from my moorings.' Nay
when she came to sit on the hassock at
my feet, as she used to do In that other
halcyon-time of convalencence, I was
myself again and could look upon .her
sweet face with eyes tna: saw beyond
her to the camp or battle-field where
my dear lad was spending himself
< For a time we sat in silence, and
'twas she who spoke first.
"My father has been with you." she
said. "I hope you did not quarrel with
him."
"No," I denied, salving my conscience
with the remembering that it takes two
to make a quarrel: and that I had done
none of the cursing. "He came to give
me this," I added- handing her the will.
She opened the folded parchment,
reading a line of It here and there soft
ly to herself.
•••.—" 'Being of sound mind, doth b«»
oueath and devis* to his loving wife,
Margery — ' Ah. had you been writing
it you would not have written it so,
would you. Monsieur John?"
' ."'Tis but a form," I would say. "All
wives are 'loving* In lawyers' speech."
She smiled at mo so like an innocent
and fearless child that for the moment
I ..could ¦ figure, her , no otherwise. Yet
her rejoinder. was a woman's.
"I say you would, not have written
it so; is not that the truthr*
I would not let h*r pin me down.
"If I should write it now it should
be written in great letters, dear lady.
Though it is but a form, though that
which followed was but another form,
you have 'not failed. In any wifely duty.
Mistress • Margery."
ner 10 me enu. oo lor a moment I nuns
trembling on the brink; and then she
pushed me over. '
"Is this how you would do. Monsieur —
Monsieur Ogre? — sit stock still and
glower at the poor thing as if you were
between two minds as to loving her or
eating her?"
I bent quickly, took her face between
my hands and kissed her twice — thrice.
"That is what I should do. Now that
you have made me what I wa3 not be
fore, are you satisfied?"
Twas long before she gave me a word.
And when she spoke it was only to say:
"Are you not monstrous ashamed, Mon
sieur John?"
"No!" said I. "I am but a man, and
you have roused that part of me that
knows neither shame nor remorse. I love
you, Mir* tress Margery; do you hear? I
have loved you since that day in June
when I came back from death's door to
find you sitting here to bear me com
pany."
She locked her fingers across her knee
and would not look at me.
"But by your own showing you should
be ashamed, sir," she insisted. "What of
the dear friend to whom you would give
up even the love of your mistress?"
"You may flay me as you will: I shall
neither flinch nor go back from my word.
You are mine, and I shall give you up to
no man. I know I have not your love
shall never have it. Also. I know that I
have gained an enemy where once I had
a loving friend. Richard Jennifer may
kill me If he Dlease— he shall have the
chance to do It. but you are mine and
shall be while I live to claim and hold
you."
There was something less than anger in
the blue-gray eyes when she let me see
them: nay. I could have sworn there was
a flash of playful mockery in them when
she said: "Dear heart! how masterful
rough you have grown, all In a moment,
my lord." And then the beautiful eyes
filled and she said, "Poor Dick!" in a
way to make me suffer all the torments
of that old myth-king who could never
quaff the water that was ever rising to
his lips.
"Aye, you may love him. If you must
and will." I gloomed. "God pity me! I
know you. do love him."
She looked up Quickly. "So you have
said a' dozen times before. Tell me. Mon
sieur Oracle, how do you know it?"
"If 1 tell you, you will hate me more
than you do now."
"That would be hard, indeed." she
murmured. "Yet I would hear you say
"Listen, then: once, when we three
were at the very door and threshold of
death, you wrote the cry of your heart
out on a bit of paper for a leave-taking
and sent it to the man you loved. You
said, 'Though you must needs believe my
life is pledged to your dear friend and
mine, 'tis yours, and yours alone.' Were
not these your very words?"
Her "yes" was but the lightest whisper,
but I heard It and went on. "That ts all.
save this: the Indian bearer of your let
ter blundered and gave It me instead of
Dick."
She looked me "full in the eyes and my
soul went all afire. Then she laid her
cheek against my knee and I heard her
dear voice as It had been a chime of
sweet-toned Joy-bells:
"Ah, Monsieur John, how blind this
thing called love can make us all. Sup
pose—suppose the Indian did not blunder,
dear lord and master of me?"
THE END.By Ian Maclaren.
Author of "Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush."
ON BEGGING LETTERS
SFGOING letters ar* a dreary
waste, sometimes of Imposture,
sometimes of shiftlessnesss and
occasionally, though not often,
of genuine ne«d and undeserved misery,
but this province has also a charming
oasis. There is the man whose father
used tobea verger in the church where
your fathf-r once had a pew, and had,
that is the father of your correspond
ent, the hiRheet respect for the com
manding appearance and courteous
manner of the other father, that Is
your falh:r. on the strength of which
the fob, why doesn't know you, and
whom you don't know, being under the
weather for the first time in his life,
through no fault of his own. feels sure
that jou wiil lend him. by return of
post, 10s. to be repaid by four monthly
installments. There is also the man
who v,as born in the town where you
once lived five years of your life, and
the! in the days of your childhood, who
has followed your career (a very mod
erately distinguished one) with the
highest pride, ever since those morning
daj-s, has often thought of writing to
you by way of encouragement, and even
of coming to take you by the hand Just
for the sake of days of Auld Lang Syne,
but has been hindered by that spirit of
diffidence and excessive modesty which
and the public seems to be under the im
pression that the author has a limited
edition of," say, 500 volumes placed at
his disposal for gratuitous circulation.
This, I may say. is a mistake, and the
public might be interested to know that
when an author sends a book In re
sponse to a begging petition, whether
from an Individual or for a bazaar,. he
has to buy it at the bookseller's and
pay exactly the same price as other peo
ple. This gentleman, however, had
heard so much of my poor book, and
had feU that it would do so much for
him, that he was now doing what he
had never done before in his life—ask
ing for a gift— and he concluded with
these beautiful worda: "Should you in
cline your ear and send me your book,
it will be to me as bread to a starving
Indian and as water to a thirsty Arab"
— which pathetic * appeal touched I me
very deeply. One thing puzzled me
about the letter, and that was the ref
erence both to thVbook and' myself,. for
the quality in the book ' which had so
excited the" hunger and . thirst . of ¦: my
correspondent was it«: rare. devotional
character, and the quality in myself
which had won his admiration was my
spirit of mysticism. As the' only book
I could think of was supposed by cour
tesy to be fiction, and "certainly was not
devotional, I was a little puzzled, but
my mind was wonderfully cleared next
has all along been the drawback of
your correspondent, who, now in a busi
ness difficulty, casts himself upon his
fellow-townsman's aid and indicates
that the aid desired should be £100.
This, again, is to be a loan, and payable
within twenty-one days exactly. ,
There Is still another man, who has
got into debt through no fault whatever
of his own, and whom an unfeeling
creditor Is treating in a very inconsid
erate manner, and who, when cast down
in spirit, came across a tale written by
you co charged with simplicity of
thought and tenderness of heart that it
seemed a guidance of providence. There,
he said to himself, is the helper I need,
and ready for the occasion. And the
¦writer states respectfully but firmly the
amount which is needed, and his con
viction that no true man who could
write as you have done would refuse to'
send the amount without delay.
One of the most charming treasures of
my limited experience I owed to a mis
take (rare, I should suppose) on the
part of my correspondent. He was, he
stated, and I am afraid the statement
was correct, a minister of religion (but
of what body, and ;r> what place, al
though all that appeared in the letter,
are locked in my breast), and Le asked
on grounds of poverty for the gift of a
book. It is not unusual for persons to
write to an author for one of his books.
r-r*HE first act of a new-born babe
I Is that of crying. « it does not
. cry it is generally plunged into
1 cold water, or In some other way
made uncomfortable, that it may be
made to cry. Those who have studied
ihe physiology of the baby most close
ly assert that there are very good rea
sons for this method of treatment. If
a young child cries it 1 is because it Is
not comfortable. It Is for this sin that
he !» so often shaken, smacked or
rocked until he is sick. If he was old
enough he might be glad to please
everybody and keep quiet and be good.
We should not -forget that no young
child cries unless It has very good rea
son for so doing.
The . action of many parents tend
to- convince the thoughtful observer
that many parents think there Is no
tense In a child's crying ,ai any time,
unless, as a result of very considerable
injury. Are they not wrong? Can
every one not remember certain occa
sions In their own experience when a
good cry has greatly relieved them?
For some reason does It not seem to
clear the oppressive moral atmosphere,
Just as a thunder-storm purifies the
air? \lf for this purpose it is at all
necessary for the adult. It Is certainly
many times -more important for the
young child. '•-.'who is so /emotional, so
susceptible to every change. If the
young child cries. It Is likely that, as
before stated, he is too hot or too cold,
or hungry, • or. uncomfortable In some
"other way. - Why should any one object
to the expression of his discomfort and
displeasure?:^ Is there any other -way
he could" call for assistance ? In place
of belngtroubled to know how to quiet
a child," would 'it •not be more sensible
to, find the cause of discomfort?
To a certain extent, what has been
said -'of -.the young child applies to the
older, child. • It should also be remem
bered that chlldren'of certain tempera
ments cry much' easier, than do those
of. other temperaments. In" some the
'tears seem to lie , very near.: the sur
face: They are r so emotional, or so ner
vous; 7that,\ without; great "effort, '- they
are, unable to control; their: feelings or
repress' their fear. Such -should 'be
dealt with • gently. Generally they;
come i by, It so honestly that - the same
peculiarity can :be remembered as hav
ing --appeared in one of the parents.
By kindness they may be trained to
have much more control over their
emotions. However, It is hard to en
tirely overcome this natural tendency,
as these children so frequently feel In
tensely.
Some children, both young and older,
cry simply for the purpose of carrying
their point. Such require entirely dif
ferent treatment from that already
mentioned. If a -child cries without
.sufficient provocation, it is likely the
fault of the improper training he has
received. It Is entirely unnatural for
a child to yell and squeal as some chil
dren do. In some cases they have not
been treated as they should have been,
or they would probably respond In
milder tones. The child who cries per
sistently and loudly, though not suffer
ing pain, does so because his past ex
perience leads him .to believe that he
will be successful In securing what he
wishes. If such a child should pass
under the control of one to whom such
methods do not appeal, he would cure
himself of his fault very quickly.
The parent who wishes to stop a
child's crying should first make sure
that the child Is not suffering some
mental or physical pain. In too many
cases, the mental suffering of a child
Is far greater than parents think. Hav
ing removed the cause of the pain,
crying should cease. If, after having
used all gentle means which can be
commended, the crying does not cease,
it may. be necessary to convince the
child who cries for nothing that it Is
really unpleasant to have something
to cry for. Nothing but corporal pun
ishment will appeal to some children.
at such a time. When the child finds
that some punishment is certain every
time he cries without having some
good. reason for crying, a wonderful
transformation will be worked In nine
out of ten such children.
The child who persists in crying for
6omething very much desired may be
cured, very easily of such a habit. If
the child Is made to understand that
the parent cannot and will not give
anything for which it cries. It will be
found that the child will '"cease crying
for- .what -It '.wishes and ask for it as it
should;
Most children tease, more or less.
Yet there are some children who > do
not tease. Why is it that some tease
their parents, while others do not? Ob
serve closely and you will notice that,
when the parent, asked for some favor,
Many parents yield to teasing be
cause they are tired out by the ever
lasting nagging, which is certainly un
pleasant and racks the nerves.
"Think twice before speaking" may
be a good, rule for children. Might not
the Injunction to "think several time*
before refusing or granting a child's re
quest" be Just' as good for parents?
From what has been said. It win be
seen that parents train children to
tease by not having them understand
that they mean what they say. The
Injunction for parents on this subject
is, "Let not your aye mean no. nor
your no mean aye." If children could
be questioned and led to tell what they
really think about this matter, many
would testify that they fully expect
to have to tease for what they are
determined to have. They learn to cal
culate the time most favorable and
the energy which will be needed to car
ry their points.
Who ever heard of a child's teasing
at the table for a glass of water, or
for a piece of bread, or for anything
else that was not out of the ordinary?
He expects to tease only for that which
he very well knows It may not be best
for him to have. It is the second piece
of pie, another knife, or sled, or for
permission to sit up later than usual,
or to remain home from school, for
some insufficient reason.
The parent who. In a kind but firm
tone, promptly either grants or refuses
the request, is not likely to be teased.
If, upon refusal, the request is re
peated, and such a parent denies with
no less kindness, but with somewhat of
firmness, he Is not apt to be bothered
by having the request repeated fre
quently. Indeed, It may b© said that
the parent who meets the request in
this manner, at all times, will never
be troubled by being teased. All must
acknowledge, then, that a child teases
because It has discovered that a par
ent's decision Is not final. The child
has discovered that, by persisting, he
can get the parent to grant the request.
If for no other reason than to get rid
of him.
hesitates momentarily and seems In
doubt as to what to do, the child is
apt to repeat the request. If past ex
perience has shown that frequent re
quests will generally cause a more fa
vorable answer, the repeated request
will -be sure to come. Such a parent
may expect to be teased for anything
a child wants.
Twelfth Talk to Parents by Wm. J. Shearer.
CRYING AND TEASING
morning when I received another letter,
also addressed, as regards the envelope,
to myself as the former had been. In
this letter the same writer explains the
same circumstances, but now it is my
"wholesome and touching", story of
which he has heard, and it is the ser
vice J am "rendering to pure literature"
which has charmed him: then I knew
the former letter was not intended for
me. It is still a book, however, that he
asks, and he concludes that "If you in
cline your ear and send me your book
it will be to me as bread to the starving
Indian and as water to the thirsty
Arab." The peroration seemed to be
permanent, and possibly the introduc
tion, but the middle part of the letter
was varied, according to the author
whom he was approaching. And one
wonders how much this gentleman se
cured In the course of a year.
Should one have anything whatever
to do with literature, then he will re
ceive, although he be neither an editor
nor a critic, a considerable number of
letters between January and December,
containing MSS. for his reading and
Judgment.
This correspondence is not without
pathos, for occasionally, though not
very often, the writer Is anxious to tarn
a little money In time of distress, but It
also has its perils.
The latest specimen which I have
added , to my store is a letter from a
man of whom I have heard, but whom
I do not know, asking me to Introduce
a man, of whom I have never heard, to
a club, of which I am not a member, to
do everything I can to secure his elec
tion, and to let him know the result as
soon as possible. The whole letter con
veys the Idea that the request Is & fa
vor conferred upon me, which will lay ;
me under a deep sense of responsibility
find eternal gratitude. The most disap
pointing letter . I ever ' received— al- :
though my. hopes had not reached the ,
boiling point—- was one without a signa
ture, informing me that the writer had
been so touched by the sentiment of one
of my stories, and wag generally so
much Impressed by my remarkable lit
erary ability that he: had placed £1000
to my credit with a London bank as a
token of gratitude. As I .. have never
heard anything more of this generous
gift, 4 1 am driven reluctantly to the sad
! conclusion , that the letter was written
¦in a: spirit 'of . unworthy sarcasm, and
that/its author desired; to; convey the
impressions that he thought very, mean- ';
ly, both" of myself and my work. ? He
was entitled to ' his opinion,' but it was
cruelto trifle with the worldly hopes of
a struggling literary/man, and to lead
him into ithe extravagance of a -new
top coat,. when' the old one would have
done' perfectly well for another, winter.
"We will dine in the new house to
night. Everything Is ready, and this
house will be closed to-day."
"Mr. Sage," she said a few days ago,
"Is not accustomed to our new quarters
yet. He waits for me to go to the table
with him, as if we were stopping at a
hotel. He acts as though he were on a
visit and were going home again. I am
sure 'he will gradually become accus
tomed to the change, but It really was
very hard for him.
"The hall of this house is so arranged
that there is no place.large enough for
our old hat stand. This really worries
him very much. For fifty years he has
been accustomed to coming home in the
evening and hanging' his hat on the
same peg. In the other house the hat
stand was on the left of the door. The
hat stand here is on the right, but it is
not the old stand- and the old peg he
misses so rarely. It rather upsets him
from the very moment he enters the
house on his return from business in
so essentially the outgrowth of the
enormous wealth which has sprung up
in the United States during the last
twenty-five years. The society woman
of to-day \» 00 entirely different from
the society woman a score of years ago.
"For instance, take the two Mrs. As
tors. The first Mrs. Astor never had s%
secretary, flh'j wrote all her letters her
self, even after sh? btcame bMnJ, ard
when urged to have some one to write
them for her, she replied:
"•No: I **iH do.lt myself as long I
can. I feel that I am more In touch
with my correspondent.'
"This remark was in a certain sense
a key to her character. She came into
personal touch with the world around
her " Whan she gave me $5000 for the
bed she endowed in the Woman's Hos
pital she counted into my hand five
$1000 bills. She never used checks. Mr.
Astor gave her the money, and she per
sonally paid it out. - •¦¦¦¦?.
"The present Mrs. Astor Is entirely
different. You must reach her through
pared to answer that question. She Is
the evening.
"Yes, I have been asked many times
what is my opinion of the New York
society, woman. Really, / am not pre-
For a long time Mr. Sage demurred
but the quiet determination of the wlf<
won the day. Mrs. Sage resigned her
self to the discomfort of remaining ir
town house-hunting, later house-fur
nishing, and the summer was devoted
to the task of pulling up and moving
away from the house to which she had
gone as a bride.
During all this time Mr. Sage's com
fort was her first thought, and he at
tended to his regular business undis
turbed by the fact that his home wac
being dismantled. The new house was
all furnished and his personal effect!
packed and moved, and one day not
more than two months ago-he was told:
composed or begging letters. She haa
scores of engagements for charities and
social, duties, and in. between a crowd
of callers, some on business, some to
enlist co-operation in their pet fads and
many warm friends.
She is very determined. Does a cha
rity or project appeal to her she will
give you her hearty indorsement and
financial assistance; but let it not ap
peal to her and the rock of Gibraltar is
not more adamantine. She is strong in
her likes and dislikes, but gracious, even
to a woman for whoin* she has no sym
pathy.
The encroachments of trade, the de
molishing and remodeling of the build
ings on either side of them, forced. Mr.
and Mrs. Sage to realize that the home
hallowed by the memories of over thirty
years of an ideal married life must be
abandoned: and then came the long and
wearisome hunt for a new home.
The Idea that wealth brings leisure
and exemption from duties, pleasantor
otherwise, proves fallacious In the case
of Mrs. Sa«e. Her days are filled to
overflowing. She Is h«r own secretary,
though often declaring that she cannot
be asy longer and that she must of ne
cessity have some one to keep her many
papers in order, answer her numerous
1»» the busy mart oX finance the
itHin*- of Kuesell Sage is one to
conjure wi.h. Here on the Pacific
Const, across the broad Atlantic, in
the money markets of the world,
the aged financier is almost as
*"ell known as !n the maelstrom
of our own Wall street. The woman
who bears his name. \\ ho has presided
over his home and been his heipmeet
aa,d companion for more than thirty
yeans. i 9 but little less known.
These who know her in her everyday
J1J e — a life as simple as that led by the
humblest of her sisters — have learned to
lore her for her sterling worth of a
character whose strength lies in its pur
ity «-nd sweetness. Those who have met
her here and there in her works of
charity and organization have learned
to respect her for her Justice and
power. Those who have gone to her
for edvlce and for comfort have never
failed to receive at the hands of this
gracious woman words of good cheer
and encouragement, helpful to many a
woary, despondent elster to whom the
burdens and sorrows of life seemed
more than her frail shoulders could
carry.
Her day begins usually between 7 and
7:20. She has an enormous mail, mostly
The sentinel of the house is a young
maid, uho has answered the many rings
at the door in the old New York house.
She knows every one who has ever been
there even once, and remembers wheth
er the presence of the caller is agreeable
to her mistress. As you are treated by
the maid when the door is opened to
you. so you may gauge your standing
in the friendship and esteem of the lady
of the house.
Any one at all intimate with Mrs.
Safe's home life knows that the maid's
position is no sinecure and is one which
rails for great tactfulnesa. If the hun
dreds of people who ring that doorbell
and ask to see Mrs. Sage during the
week were admitted indiscriminately it
would prove toC great a tax upon her.
Mrs. Sage is most affable, gracious to a
fault to the many seeking interviews
and proposing wilder schemes than ever
any Wall street promoter dreamed of.
She is very fond of telling how much
more honorable In paying a debt is a
woman than a man. Men have told her,
she will say, that young girls to, whom
they have advanced money for the pur
pose of taking any particular study will
nine times out of ten liquidate the. loan
more promptly than a young man to
whom money has been advanced to help
him through college.. She is very proud
of this honorable trait in her sex.
correspondents and be a medium be
tv.een herself and an often obtru-'
pive public; but the secretary never
materializes.
own.
"""Indeed, before her mother's death.
Helen Gould had learned to depend up
on me In many ways. She is my daugh
ter In all but blood ties. She was the
first one to welcome me to my new
home. She had come down from Tarry
town and was waiting here to receive
me the day I came here to live.
"I remember the first time Helen
Gould came to me, telling me of her
great love for the Bible and her desire
to study and know it better. It was the
day "of Garfleld's funeral. We had re
turned from the services. They were
impressive, and the circumstances of
his death had rendered them even more
so. She told me then as we sat alone
of her great longing to know more of
her secretary. ITsne senas you a dona
tion It comes to you by check. There Is
none of that gracious personal associa
tion there was with her predecessor.
The present Mrs. Astor cannot be seen
or disturbed during the morning hours;
the first Mrs. Astor was an early riser
and a very approachable woman.
"The average society woman to-day
will not rise at a seasonable hour In the
morning. Her day really begins when
the ordinary woman's day is half lived
through. Naturally the social demands
of the hour on the society woman are
a heavy drain upon her strength and
vitality ,jbut then everything Is done to
save her. Her children are brought up
on scientific principles In order to spare
her all maternal cares and duties. From
the moment of its birth the baby is
placed In the hands of a trained nurse,
and every .detail of Its upbringing Is
worked out on scientific lines.
"A friend of mine was telling me the
other day an incident which appealed
to me most pathetically. 'Babies,' she
Bald, 'are placed in bassinets as soon as
they are born. They must be trained
to sleep away from the mother, because
they must become accustomed to doing
without their natural nurse/
"The weather changed suddenly one
night, .when the baby she was telling
me about was only three or four days
old, and the nurse .had told her In the
most matter of fact way that she had
gone to the bassinet and found the baby
so cold she could only warm it by plac
ing hot water bags under the covers
next to the little body. Think of ltl In
stead of the warmth from the mother
keeping the baby's vitality In a normal
condition, the little one had to be made
comfortable by means of hot water
bags! Is not this an outrage on na
ture? I speak of this not from personal
experience, for I never have been a
mother.
"Though I have never been blessed
with a child of my own, the mother In
stinct is very strong within me, and it
has been my happiness to have guided
many young- girls, who have told me
they owed much to my care and affec
tion for them. I have been Miss Gould's
second mother since the death of her
"May I pay a tribute to a woman who
has Just passed away? — a woman whom
I consider a type of an almost perfect
woman, a woman for whose life and
life work the world Is better because
she lived— Mrs. Booth-Tucker. My
heart Is heavy. Indeed, when the reali
zation comes to me that her voice Is
hushed, her presence gone from among
us forever. Not only to the sinful, the
unhappy, the heavily burdened did the
beauty qf her personality and the purity
of her character bring comfort, but
those on whom the hand of God lies
lightly, to whom the misery and degra
dation she helped to alleviate are un
known, are better for the years she
lived among us.
"She was a wife and mother In the
truest sense of the word. This summer,
when I was detained In the city by force
of circumstances she was anxious about
me and would come and see me, beg
ging that I go out Into the country
away from the heat of the town and
breathe God's free air. She had prom
ised herself the happiness of taking me
to her little home In Mount Vernon, and
but a few days before she started on
the Journey which ended In her death
she came to me and made me promise
to make the long deferred visit Immedi
ately upon her return. She wanted me
to see her baby, her elder children and
to know her In her home life.
"The Idea of money In connection
with that ideal woman Is most repug
nant to me. Of course, we have all
heard what is said about the general,
but we know that to do the work the
army does there must be money. How
else could it be carried on? But that
there vu a mercenary thought In Mrs.
Booth-Tucker's mind I will never be
lieve. I am very much in sympathy
with the Salvation Army work and was
deeply touched when I was asked to
speak her eulogy at that Sunday memo
rial service.
"And now you must excuse me. It is
1 o'clock and Mr. Sage always comes
home to luncheon on Saturday. I am
ever ready for him and my time to-day
from now on Is entirely his."
And her face lighted up as Mr. Sage s
voice was heard in the lower halL
"I am deeply In sympathy with the
guild which has been founded for tha
purpose of training girls in domestic
science. "When Mrs. Healy approached
me on the subject I consented to become
vice president of the association and
promised her my hearty co-operation.
•*I dare say everybody is tired of
hearing of the 'servant question,' but it
is a vital one to-day and is a great Is
sue in'the preservation of the American
home. There is fault on both sides, on
the part of the mistress and on th;«
part of the maid. In my opinion the
employment agency has a great deal to
answer for In the present condition.
"I have been so busy moving and get
ting eetttled in my new home that I
have really had little leisure to give to
the guild, but I hope to take an active
part In the movement later. My Idea
has always been to place domestic ser
vice on a higher plane than that on
which It stands to-day, and by so do in 5
enable the average American girl to
take up a lucrative employment with
out losing caste.
"In speaking thus I am not disparag
ing: the hotel, for I think it has proved
to be the greatest blessing to every
woman who is fortunate enough to llva
there. It has met a long-needed want,
and I feel certain others will follow.
"You know, It his Ions; been a p°t
scheme with philanthropists, that of
improving the condition of working
girls, providing comfortable homes for
them that shall be livable in. and
where they can obtain adequate re
turn for the small sum they are able
to pay for their board find lodging. I
believe the present woman's hotel was
conceived with this idea in mind, but
how far away the Martha Washing
ton Is from that ideal it is needless
for me to say!
"Before married Mr. Sas;e I always
had a Bible class. After my marriage
I was obliged to relinquish ihis happi
ness.
the Bible, of her love for the book, arvl
begged me to start a Bible class and
allow her to be a member of it.
THE FUN DAY.- CALL.
5
MRS. RUSSEL SAGE DISCUSSES THE OLD AND NEW SOCIETY WOMANthis journey with all Its paraphernalia
of transportation, but it should be re
membered that the armies which Co
lombia putsftin the field are not civil
ized, and that they can subsist wher
ever there is any animal or vegetable
life. The Colombian states have been
so constantly on a war footing for the
last twenty years that war has been
the almost exclusive occupation of so
many Colombians that there are un
doubtedly a number of plants In exist-
ence for the repair of rifles. and • the
manufacture of munitions.
It should be borne in mind that none
of the revolutions that have raged each
In Its little day and generation has ever
been bottled ; up and entirely cut off
from those cunning cosmopolitan ; pur
veyors of contraband of war who infest
the Caribbean.
Of course. . Colombia has never been
blockaded by such an efficient naval
force as wo .would have at our disposal
should the necessity arise, but the per
fect knowledge , of . the lay ; of - the land
and the characteristics of the people
which these smugglers of contraband
possess would get past even the most
efficient blockade. Granting, however,
that the whole Caribbean coast of Co
lombia, as well as the hundreds of miles
of . Pacific coast,' were actually con
trolled, there are a dozen ways the
Colombians could obtain arms.'
Of course. Colombian paper money is
not worth much, but the war smug
glers of Curacao and Trinidad do not
want money, or rather they have plen
ty of it.. What they want are conces
sions and mining patents, and no coun
try can give more of these than Co
lombia. ¦
Again, there is a branch of the Ori
noco, the Meta, which is Just; getting
on the maps, that is navigable for
large bungoes and even for small light
draught steamers to a point within
three days' mule training of Bogota.
This avenue of contraband we could
riot well shut off without holding the
mouths of the Orinoco higher up,
Ciudad Bolivar Itself, and if we did
this there would still be twenty chan
nels known to the smugglers through
which the Bogota Government could be
supplied. .
I think It may be accepted as a fact
that it is incorrect to say, as has been
said, and upon such high authority, in
the, last few days, that Colombia is In-^
capable of waging, war. It seems to
me there is no country better situated
for carrying on a twenty or a thirty
years' war, and, then, she has.nothing
else to do. It la perhaps an idle pur
suit to speculate as to whether Colom
bia will \ fight or not. but I must say
that I have vet to meet • any one at
all conversant' with conditions there
who has any doubt that the upshot of
the present. affair will be a war in
which we shall Inevitably become in
vol ved.
. The following statement, - however,
written ; by William I* . Scruggs,
formerly and for • many years our dip
lomatic ¦ representative in Colombia,
gums up the situation, and It should be
remembered it was '^written before the
question \ of the canal entered upon its
present phase. I.It states, valuable facts
and i explains many things t which have
not been made : clear:
¦ ••.".- "The so-called state of Panama Is
co-extenslve with the isthmus of that
"And yet, strange to say, this Is pre
cisely the section of which Colombians
seem to feel most proud. Like a.de
formed and useless member of a family,
it is a sort of pet of the household, hu
mored and spoiled and habitually de
ferred to by all the others. It has al
ready cost the central government, in
the way of reclamations growing out of
local disorders, more than the entire
state would bring if put up at auction,
and yet, if you would touch the pride
of the average Colombian at most
sensitive point, just Intimate that his
Government might be induced to part
with the sovereignty of the Isthmus.
"He believes Panama to be 'the navel
of the world* and that at some time or
other, and in some manner not clear
even to his own mind, it will be the
source of fabulous wealth. Stranger
still, he seems to have the Impression
that this particular spot is coveted by
all the nations of the world, and that
'the United States of the North,', as he
persistently calls the title of our Gov
ernment, Is merely awaiting some fa
vorable pretext to take forcible posses
sion of it. Nevertheless, every time
the Federal Government of Bogota gets
into serious trouble with its 'revolu
tionists' on the isthmus it Importunes
the Washington- authorities tcv inter
vene for the preservation of order
there." .
There is at least one man on the side
of. Colombia that it would be a pleasure
name and comprises an area of about
30,000 Bquare miles. Its present popu
lation is about four hundred thousand,
including an independent tribe of In
dians, who are said to number about
eight thousand. It is the most north
ern of the nine constituent common
wealths of the present Colombian un
ion and to most foreigners is better
known than the republic Itself. The re
sult Is that one of the most beautiful
and Interesting countries on the con
tinent la habitually misjudged.by what
little is here* seen of it.
It would. It is truc.be well-nigh im
possible for a civilized army to make
It will be pleasant for the governmen
tal poets to dwell upon how much high
er their cataract is than but
it won't quite replace Panama. We
should go very gently with our brother
republicans in this matter, because
their loss is rot merely geographical
and political, but it is literary as well.
For instance, Panama, "the place of
the butterflies" In the Carib tongue,
has now become the mart and work
shop of the hard-working, cadaverous
Gringo, and. of course, all mention of
It will have to be omitted from the Par
nasso Colombians, ten portly tomes,
weighing nish a ton. in which all the
Colombian poets are etishrlned.
If poets cannot do business it is a
matter of record that they can fight,
and I think that we are overconfident
in the assertion that has come so fre
quently from Washington that as long
as the United States navy holds the sea
and prevents the embarkation of Co
lombian troops the people of Panama
need have no fear of a land attack.
Armed forces have reached the Isthmus
before this, coming from the central
provinces by land via Tumaco, and I
think we shall shortly see them doing
bo again. If we ignore the possibility
of such a step, nothing would be easier
than for a small guerrilla force to cut
the Panama Railway and cause untold
damage.
It would seem that a great historic
momentum, a politiccJ opportunity un
paralleled, a last change to get into the
midst of things, has been lost, but this
has befallen a Government of poetast
ers before, and probably will again.
The President to-day is Jose Marie
Marroqtiln, a sage, a philosopher and
a discreet poet. When once the mobs
that control the streets of his elevated
capital are quelled Marroquin will
probably invite all rhymsters to a
poetry party at the Falls of Tequen
dama. where the icy water falls two
hundred yards from the cold country of
the plain down into the warm, luscious
country— the tierra caliente— where
there are orange trees and blue butter
flies and palm trees, with parrots
perched upon them, talking fluently.
Just as though they were in the Con
greso.
/"""rOUE of the peop'e who live on
>Ov the high plain of Bogota,
|rJ with whom we are more thani
4 likely to become better ac
quainted during the next few
weeks, sie very interesting and high
ly cultivated, ludeed. their capital,
their ancient city, away up in the
clouds, is known, and perhaps justly,
bo, by the somewhat hackneyed title
cf the Athens of South America. Liv
ing as they do S00O meters above the
6ea, it is natural that they should shine
rather as the builders uf lofty rhyme
than as ditch dijjgexs.
Indeed, the traveler, whether he at
tempt to reach this poets' nest by boat
along the swampy Magdalena River, or
by three weeks' muleback from Buena
Ventura, en the Pacific Coast, comes
to the conclusion that the Bogotans are
almost too sublimated for this vale of
tears. Be this as it may, it is a fact
that the only roads in the country are
the mule tracks and the goat trails
which the Conquistadores bequeathed
to it.
After decades of discussion, which
dates from the days of Bolivar the
Liberator and involves the diplomatic
career of William Henry Harrison, af
terward President of the United States,
and Caleb Curbing, whose activity as
Uncle Sam's agent was truly world
wide, the site cf the proposed canal
would seem to have passed irrevocably
out of the hands of the people of Bo
gota.
All the news from Bogota goes to
show that Reyes was not one of those
obstructionists who are responsible for
the present situation. But he is the
last man to yield an inch of his na
tional inheritance and just the man to
lead an army on the" long land trail
from Bogota to the isthmus In Its de
fense.
So Rafael Reyes, the refugee, was
made Minister Plenipotentiary to
France, and the Paris Geographical So
ciety esteemed it an honor to have tha
privilege of publishing In Its bulletins
the record of his Inland Odyssey.
The Journey which he began to save
his life Reyes continued, to the Inestim
able gain of science. The canoe trip
down the Orinoco would have sufficed
most men. but It only awakened in
Reyes a hitherto unsuspected thirst for
travel and scientific research. The de
tails of his explorations are too absorb
ingly interesting to be condensed, but
a skeleton chart or outline drawing will
give some Idea of the caliber of the
man.
Starting on foot from the Padflo
Coast of Colombia and following the
banks of the Tapura through entirely
unknown regions, for the greater part
uninhabited even by Indians, Reyes at
last reached the great Amazon, and.
building a canoe, floated down to Para
and the Atlantic Within a few months
after this Journey waa completed aa
enterprising firm of English shipown
ers availed themselves ot Reyes* dis
coveries and placed a line of steamer*
along the route he had traveled, and
aa a result an extremely profitable,
and let us hope civilizing, trade has
sprung up.
But Reyes waa an explorer, not •
promoter, and while the merchants
were getting ready to exploit the field
he had opened he disappeared In an
other direction. He had heard of a
noble, although somewhat lonely,
stream, the Tocantln. which runs
through Brazil to Para, where It con
nects with the Amazon. Accompanied
by brothers .and his nephew, he fol
lowed the stream upward for uncounted
miles. At last they came to the head
waters of the great river and to a
mountain range which under various
names extends across the entire
breadth of South America between the
tenth and twelfth degrees of latitude.
Undeterred by this great natural ob
stacle, Reyes and his companions
pushed on. and on the other side of the
mountain they came upon the head
waters of the Parana, down which
they floated into the River Plate. land-
Ins at Buenos Ayres.
In a word, they proved what had
never been suspected before, that South
America from 35 degrees south to 10
degrees north of the equator Is supplied'
by nature with the most magnificent
water system that can be imagined.
There Is but one cutting of less than
fifteen miles to be made, and even that.
It is suspected, may prove unnecessary
on closer Investigation. Indeed, with
only the ramifications which are known
at present, this perfect waterway ex
tends from the western point of Peru
to the most eastern point of Brazil
and from Colombia on the north well
into Argentina and Uruguay on the
south. In the course of these Journeys
through virgin forests and up streams
never before traversed by white men
Reyes ran and survived many dangers.
Like the few Colombians who are of
pure Spanish descent. Reyes Is very
proud of his ancestry. After the Con
gress closed he said, with reference
to Panama: "I firmly believe tha
United States will finish the canal
within five yearsl I certainly trust she
wllL A river of gold will flow to the
isthmus from the day the first ship
floats through. The United States will
benefit, Colombia will benefit: the open
ing of the canal, too long delayed, will
benefit the whole world."
When his work was accomplished and
the veil of mystery that bad hung so
long over the interior of South America
was raised, there was much enthusiasm
In Colombia, and the demand waa made
of the Government of the day, not by
any party, but by the people of the
country, that he who had so honored
his native land be in turn given that
recognition which was the least of hia
deserts.
He Is superficially an accomplished
boulevardler. but with a Quick, feline
step and now and again a glance of the
eye which somehow or other always
suggested the jaguar of his native Jun
gle.
Whatever may be the result of his
present mission, whether his political
activity will prove a bane or a blessing,
it Is certain that as an explorer Rafael
Reyes has gathered Imperishable lau
rels. He has laid bare the secrets of
South America as did Marco Polo those
of Asia and as Stanley In our own day
and generation threw the first light
upon the Dark Continent.
His Journeys led him from Panama to
Patagonia. In all he traveled twenty*
five thousand miles, and every step he
took was through regions hitherto un
known to the pioneer of any race or
civilization. If the story b« true which
I have often heard in South America
that Reyes began his explorations by
the merest chance — that. In fact, the
first Journey he undertook was to get
out of Colombia by the back door— that
is. down the Orinoco, because all the
ports and main traveled roads were
held by his enemies— then it must be
recognized that the revolution which
sent Reyes upon his scientific wander
ings was the most profitable revolu
tion that South America has ever pro
duced.
•• What Alexander Humboldt did fo»
the shell, that Reyes has done for the
kernel and the heart of the great conti
nent to the south of us. In the twelve
years that followed his hasty departure
from Bogota Reyes never returned to
the fickle capital from which, like the
great Liberator, Bolivar himself, it Is
said, he escaped with but his life and
a handful of faithful friends.
to meet. Whether In peace or war he
will prove a foeman worthy of our
eteel. And that Is General Rafael
Reyes, the Preaidente designado who
succeeds Marroquin in the Presidency.
THE SUNDAY CALIj.
RAFAEL REYES, THE STRENOUS
MAN OF COLOMBIA
6' y-^VERY literary tendency goes to
H the full swing of the pendulum.
•*-* That style of story telling set in
vogue by the "Zenda" w books of An
thony Hope and "Graustark" of Mc-j
Cutcheon has doubtless reached the cli
max now. "When I Was Czar," by Ar
thur W. Marchmount, marks the ulti
mate point of the movement. •
Anthotoy Hope evolved a species of
modern Arabian Night. He used the
'For 'those of a graver trend of mind
Edmund Gosse has brought out the old
"Enchiridion" of William Penn. the
Quaker,. under the title "Some Fruits
of Solitude." In an introductory essay
Gosse recalls that It was this little
book, picked up in an'old San Francisco
book' store, which "cheered the long days
of pain of ' Robert - Louis Stevenson
when he lived up on Bush stree t. ; "If
ever in all my 'human conduct,'" said
Stevenson, upon presenting^this treas
ured book to a friend, "I have done a
better thing to "any fellow, creature than
Limit Is Reached
in Zenda Variety
of Strange Tales
. If you know a matinee girl who "sim
ply dotes" on any one or all of the
gentlemen heroes of the stage, send her
John Corbin/s little booklet. "The First
Loves of Pcrilla." In this skit the vete
ran dramatic critic has aptly hit off the
average sweet young girl's first Impres
sions of Richard Mansfield, John Drew,
E. H. Sothern and the . rest of., that:
noble galaxy. Not only does the little'
Bketch contain some .sharp; criticism
upon the 7 art of these respective gentle
men, but It strikes out some good-nat
ured I badinage at the .expense of the
matinee girl herself.
(Fox. Duffleld & Co., New York;
frontispiece in color by Gilbert)
*m MYSTERY has ever proved fas
£§*¦ c'nating to mankind since Pan
** * . dora opened that fatal box and
Lot's wife turned to see what was hap
pening to Sodom. When we have not
mysteries we will read about them, no
matter whether they concern the cut
ting of a throat or the loss of a hair
pin. This Is why the stories of mystery
never go a-begging. This Is why Bur
ton E. Stevenson wrote "The Holladay
Case."
Some great men confess to a penchant
for the B-cent yellow-back terror about
"Old Sleuth." .It, relieves their minds
from the cares of , state. But the aver T
age reader is prone to go a little higher.
Sherlock Holmes has stalked thugs
and robbers now across the length 1 and
breadth of England and America. That
engaging scoundrel, Raffles, has been
found - in almost every situation that
the fertile brain of Mr. Hornung can
devise. Anna 1 Katherine Green is . get
tingUired. Enter/ then the. amateur
lawyer-detective^ of -Burton Stevenson.
A detective, story, has first of all to
be one of these breathless tales / that
keeps the reader out« of bed until the
last page is scanned. : It must also have
but one theme and that -, the. mystery.
The situations must be anything but
obvious ; ; the denouement must > be sud
den > and startling. ' Not too long; no
A New Detective
Story Which Fills
All Requirements
.yrOREMOST among the books which
§4 present themselves to the Chrlst-
. mas buyer is Gibson's collection
for 1903. This includes eighty drawings
of the Illustrator, chief among which
are those, comprised in the series en
titled "The Weaker Sex." Some feel
that Gibson has done his best work and
is now only drawing on his name; oth
ers are as eager to have a copy of Gib
son on the library table as ever. Be the
merits of this question what they may.
It Is certain that the clever portrayer
of the American girl has a class by
himself and will continue to be popular
for many seasons to come.
(Charles Scribner's Sons, New York;
price $4 20.)
There is a sure place for Mitchell's
book on greenbacks. The experience of
the United States with the greenbacks
is of peculiar Interest from both the
historical and economic points of view.
This monograph treats the subject from
both points of view, the first part being
devoted to the study of the chain of
events which led up to the issue of the
paper money, and the second part trac
ing in detail the effects of the desertion
of a metallic for a paper standard. The
elaborate chapter on wages includes a
detailed analysis of the Aldrich Report
in comparison with the hitherto almost
unused material by J. D. Weeks in
volume XX of the Census of 1880. An
interesting feature is the incidental sta
tistical demonstration of an element of
truth in the much despised subsistence
theory of wages. Similar studies on
rent, interest and profits are followed
by a chapter upon "The Greenbacks
and the Cost of the Civil War," show
ing to what degree the paper issues in
creased expense incurred by the Gov
ernment in carrying on the struggle.
Not ,the least valuable feature of
Mitchell's book are the statistical ap
pendices. These comprise tables drawn
from the most authoritative sources
upon the relative prices of commodities
during the war period of greenback
currency and the relative wage rates
during the same period.
(The University of Chicago Press,
Chicago; price $4 00.) '
For a Christmas
Buyer of Books
These Few Hints
TWO books have appeared within
the month which will take a high
place in the literature of econom
ics. They are "Getting a Living," by
George L. Bolen, the author of the last
year's standard book on the trusts, and
"A History of the Greenbacks." by
Wesley Clair Mitchell of the depart
ment of political economy in the Uni
versity of Chicago.
The time for ponderous volumes re
viewing the whole subject of economics
is pact. The subject has become so
great that a scholar nowdays may
think himself fit to speak if he is
learned in one of the many branches of
the science. With the growth of the
eubject of economics has come the ten
dency toward specialization. These
two important contributions to eco
nomic literature are then the work of
specialists and as such are worthy to
be received as authoritative. Their
timeliness and the direct bearing they
have upon living issues in the industrial
life of to-day are added recommenda
tions.
The title of Rolen's book is somewhat
vague and needs the subcaption of "the
problem of wealth and poverty, union
ism and socialism," to convey the pur
pose of the work. . Grave questions are
these and many have been the frothing
screeds written for and against these
modern Issues since they became such.
But it is safe to say that the author of
"Getting a Living" has treated these
various topics with a fair-mindedness
which is unique. It, 'is the only work
of all the partisan literature upon la
bor, capital and socialism designed to
give a fair approach to the whole truth.
At the very outset Bolen seeks to
clear the cobwebs of controversy away
from Henry George's single tax . and
land ownership theories and show in an
impartial way their strong points and
their fallacies. Bolen would . have it
that, far from being a parasite, the
landowner does a service to society by
the very fact of his "ownership. The
unearned increment from land which,
according to Henry George's theory,
is the unearned gift of society to the
landholder. Is really the reward of the
landholder's degree of risk, says Bolen.
The author cannot see that George's
theory of taxing all the economic rent
la the first ossay of the collection,
v.hJch strikes the keynote of the au
thor's their»e ax.d from which the title
of the publication is drawn. Dr. Jor
dan's single aim is to establish the mu
tual interdependence existing between
democracy and university culture. Far
from causing to arise an educated pro
letariat which might easily slip into an
arrogant oligarchy of knowledge, the
spirit of the university training, says
Dr. Jordan, makes for the broadening
of the common Intellectuality and the
Eafeguarding cf principles too often
exposed to the attacks of uneducated
demagogues. Says the essayist:
"Culture not only raises the man
above the m££s, it turns the masses
into men. That the multitude may Im
agine themselves men before they hold
a man's grasp on life is the greatest
danger of democracy. Here again the
university plays its part, teaching the
relative value of ideals. Under its
criticism men learn that good results
are better than good intentions, and
they demand a far higher order of skill
and courage."
Of the duty of the scholar to speak
r* VERYTHING that President Da
gi^ vid Starr Jordan writes is pur
poseful; whether he writes in be
half of the Alaskan seal or of co-edu
cation In universities, the thing which
comes from his pen is strong with a
mifsion. Therefore the reader who
picks up "The Voice of the Scholar,"
Dr. Jordan's latest published thought,
icay do so with the assurance that he
will find therein something which will
ring with the sincerity of a strong
man's advocacy of a worthy cause.
This collection of essays, built upon
addresses made by Dr. Jordan before
various audiences, is a plea for the
universal recognition of the American
university jis one of the great factors
In American national life. Not only
does Dr. Jordan address his arguments
to the hard-headed business man who
fails to see In a univerrity education
anything save four years of frivolity,
but he exhorts the college man to grasp
to its fullest extent the conception of
the university as the leaven for the
masses— the lever which is his to move
society. The essays are the vade me
cum for the latter day scholar-citizen,
as Ernerson'G "American Scholar"
formed, seventy years ago, the thlrty
ijjrK- articles of the scholar-pedant.
The delicate question of trades
unions, strikes and boycotts the author
treats with a sure grasp. He defends the
union idea as being within the natural
province of the wage-earner. But in a
chapter devoted to questionable policies
of trade unions he censures the union's
general objection to piecework as evinc
inc a disposition to render dishonest re
turn for wages, and deplores the ten
dency of unions to form a monopoly of
labor by sympathetic strikes;
In chapters uppn the modern condi
tions of the poor and unemployed,
prison labor, labor laws and kindred
subjects, Bolen closes his work. A
work it is which is not wanting in ex
pression of opinions but is remarkably
rich in facts.
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price $2 00.)
of land would mean less than robbery
if put into practice.
Upon co-operation as the only tenet
of socialism now in any measure of
general usagre Bolen contents himself
with adducing- the statistics of indus
tries which have been carried on on a
co-operative basis and asking this
question— if the attempts at co-opera
tion hav« not resulted in anything more
than partial successes and those only
transient, should we do away with in
dividual competition for the sake of the
closer brotherhood of man?
FAMOUS MEN OF THE OLD TES
TAMENT, Morton Bryan Wharton; E.
B. Treat & Co., New York; price U 50.
BADSWORTH ON BRIDGE, Bads
worth Putnam's Sons. New York.
A TWELVEMONTH OF HAR
MONY, Frederick M. de Witt, San
Francisco; price 35 cents.
CRICKET'S CHIRPINGS, Alice
Kingsbury Cooler; San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA BLUE BOOK FOR
1903, compiled and published by C 7.
Curry, Secretary of State.
GETTING A LIVING, George L.
Bolen; The Macmlllan Company, New
York; price %2 00.
WHEN I WAS CZAR. Arthur March
mount; Frederick W. Stokes & Co
New York; Illustrated; price II 50
THE DEVIL'S LETTERS TO MARY
MACLANE, anonymous; The Inter
state Book Company, Chicago; price
$1 50.
THE STORY OF THE ATLANTIC
CABLE. Charles Bright; D. Appleton
& Co., New York; illustrated; price *L
OUT OP A FLEUR-DE-LIS, Claude
H. Wetmore; W. A. WUde Company;
Illustrated; price $1 50.
THE VOICE OF THE SCHOLAR,
David Starr Jordan: Paul Elder & Co.,
San Francisco; price $1 50.
THE HOLLADAY CASE, Burton E.
STEVENSON; Henry Holt & Co.. New
York; price $1 25.
KING ARTHUR AND HI3
KNIGHTS. Howard Pyle; Charles
Scribner's Sons. New York; illustrated
price $2 60.
digressions, but straight, thrilling nar
rative.
To these standards the story of Stev
enson answers with hardly an excep
tion. At .; first blush the reader is
thrown into a Coroner's inquest in New
York City, where circumstantial evi
dence points to a beautiful heiress as
the slayer of. her father. Because the
chief witness is color-blind she is saved
from the grip of the law only to fall
under the influence of a mysterious
Frenchman with the manners of a
Chesterfield and the heart of a Ma
chiavclli. She disappears, the French
man 'reveals his. plot by over zealous
attention to details and then begins an
exciting chase o'er seasrto a little
French fishing ylllage-^-and the solution
of the mystery.'
The author ; carries his tale with a
wonderful' swing and the situations are 1
all fresh and well worked out. It is
unfortunate/ however, that he should
have given in to the demands of the
time and added a love thread to the
story. Love and sudden death by stab
bing are good combinations for the
melodrama (15, 25 and 30 cents admis
sion),, but add nothing to a detective
story. i,--": ''-' ,
(Henry Holt & Co., New York; price
$1 25.) /
New Books Received
In this latter book, "When I Was
Czar," the Hope idea has run wild.
Where the master of the craft content
ed himself with the possibilities of one
plot idea, well worked out, his Imitator
has built a hook which is a mere suc
cession of hair-raising adventures, one
after another. Hope so skillfully veiled
the machinery of his romances that tho
figures seem to move of their own voli
tion and not with the wooden mechani
cal Jerk of the marionette. In March
mount's story the situations are ob
viously all set and ready to be revealed
to the reader with the- actors moving
precisely in the proper groove — Just
where the reader expects -them to be.
Harper C. Denver, an American
traveling in Russia for pleasure, hap
pens to look like the Czar. An astute
minister seizes upon this fortuitous cir
cumstance to Inveigle said American
into a secret mission. Notwithstanding
the fact that Nicholas never is known
to stir out of the palace unattended, the
author makes this pseudo Czar go to all
sorts of Impossible places alone with a
fair conspirator, be set upon by Nihil
ists and brought to look upon sudden
death In every chapter. All this be
cause an American citizen happened to
resemble the Czar of all the Russlas.
Marchmount must be complimented
for his ingenuity. He cannot be praised
for his story telling style.
(Frederick W. Stokes, New York; Il
lustrated; price $1 50.)
ordinary nineteenth century individual
as his pawn and threw him into the
shadow of kings, queena and castles
with such skill that the effect was
startling and the public was pleased,
A mere succession of wild adventure3
did not constitute his story, but woven
about these bosses in the framework of
the plot was such a texture of the
every-day, the commonplace, that the
whole effect was one of probability.
The story seemed real during its entire
length. .
77«HEN William R. LIghton, au
//y.thor of "The Ultimate Mo
*"^^ ment." which a Western paper
describes as "the best Omaha story
ever written," was only a small boy,
he tried his hand at all sorts of writ
ing—stories, fragments of natural his
tory, verses— and insisted upon send
ing them to magazines. To earn the
money for postage stamps he picked
cherries "on shares" for a neighbor,
and peddled his own share around the
town. He made more than }1 that
June, and invested in a supply of
stamps that kept his MSS. going for
several months. Despite this persever
ing spirit of enterprise, it was many
years before his MSS. began to be ac
cepted; but with his new novel Mr.
¦Lighton seems to have arrived.
Messrs. A. S. Barnes & Co. are un
derstood to be undertaking an Impor
tant series of books relating to Ameri
can history written by the participants
and - by some of the most famous ex
plorers of the West. While- no full an
nouncement is made as yet, the series
Is said to be one which win have a
unique value in rendering some of the
most Interesting and valuable of his
toric explorations and adventures read
ily accessible in a convenient and pop
ular form. ¦• ; " > .
In selecting the name of Hunch Ba
deau for the hero of his successful
new. novel, "His Little World," Mr.
Samuel Merwln apparently chose a
name sufficiently unusual, but an In
quiry, has been received from a bearer
of the" latter part of the name as to
the Identity of Mr. Merwin's character.
It would naturally be difficult to trace
a' relationship with a hero existing only
In Mr. Merwin's vivid Imagination.
Mr. John Morley is to visit the
United States next year, coming to de
liver an address at the opening of the-
Paragraphs From
the Gossip About
Popular Writers
handing, on to you this sweet, dignified
and wholesome book, I know I shall
hear of it on the last day."
(H. M. Caldwell & Co.. New York.)
"The scholar is silent for the most
part in the rush and hurry of the
world. When he has no reason for
talking he reserves his strength for hia
own due season and his own line of ac
tion. Kut he must be free to speak
when needs arise. The scholar should
be above all influences of passion or
profit. He should speak for the clear,
hard, unyielding, unflattering, unpity
l .ng truth. If he enters the arena he
must take his chances with the rest.
His thoughts must be his only wea
pon."
In an essay under the caption.
"Apology for the American Univer
sity," the author reviews the growth
of the typical college of fifty years ago.
when men were educated more for
the sake of the degree than for the
practical value of their knowledge,
down to the present exalted concep
tion of a university and its work. With
the broader sphere of the university
conies the need for broader teachers.
Here is what Dr. Jordan has to say
upon that score:
"Doubtless the average professor
isn't worth $2000 a year.* Doubtless
you could fill every chair here on $300.
But that is not the point. The fact Is,
the average college professor is worth
very little indeed. It is not average
men. but real men that make a'univer
sity. Some real men you have, and
you know who they. are. "There is no
excuse for you to employ any others.
Average men and average teachers you
can buy tied in bunches at any price
you choose to offer. For real men you
must look far and wiae, for they are
in constant; demand."
Strong words are they, but their
truth is being proven yearly.
Upon the much agitated question of
co-education the president of Stanford
University ppeaks with no uncertain
speech. He believes that women have
a right to higher education; that they
arc, as a rule, fitted for it in the mat
ter of mental qualities, and that co
education in the same institutions with
men is the best method for accom
plishing the end, in view.
Stanford's president writes as he
talks; his vigorous personality domi
nates every sentence. By the direct
ness of his diction the clarity of his
thought he causes the reader to feel
that in every assertion he makes he is
deadly In earnest. Sincerity is the In
herent quality of the book.
(Paul Elder & Co., San Francisco;
price $1 50.) ; • . : ,v <
Two Important
Contributions to
Economic Science
out wh»n the exigencies of national or
social tendencies demand it. Dr. Jor
dan gives this clear-cut exposition:
University Spirit
and the People
as Seen by Jordan
A child's tele, say you— a yarn fit to
be told ever the nursery fire along with
the diverting adventures of Robin Hood
and the brave knights at Chevy Chase.
Granted, a good story for children ;b
that of. King Arthur, but what have
been all the folk stories of our litera
ture but the twilight tales recounted
by the father to the little ones? Of all
the literature of the people who read
not the hand-printed books of . those
dim and dusty ages but a few precious
remnants remain. For the few who can
appreciate, Tennyson has immortalized
this persistent fragment about the
mythical king; for the many who can
not Pyle has reproduced the old min
etrels' lay in a quaint semblance of its
hoary self.
As in the case of the cycle of Robin
Hood and the bard or bards who first
sung that spirited lay of greenwood
fights end springtime roysterings the
raconteur who first told the tale cf good
King Arthur has passed these many
centuries unhonored and unsung. It Is
an odd study to trace our great English
epic, now rejuvenated again in popular
form, through the many varying rami
fications of growth and change which
it has experienced.
Away back In the time of William the
Conqueror, when v.andering Nor
mati "trouveres" or minstrels Jour
neyed from castle to castle, the
cones of Arthur, the great king,
were sung before the banquet
boards of the conquering nobles.
Nameless to us arc the minstrels, for Jt
was not until the time of a certain
great liar. Geoffrey of Monmouth by
namc, that the many accounts of the
mythical monarch were greatly elabor
ated upon and by him incorporated in
his fabulous •'History of British
Kings."
Thc-n it crossed over into France and
was there told l*y the Norman trouvere.
Geoffrey Gair.iar, with the addition of
the Breton lesrend of Tristram and
Isolde. Hack to England it came, when
Walter Map. a brilliant Welshman at
the court of Henry II, added to the
proving; collection of tales the story of
Sir Laur.telot ar.d the Holy Grail. All
the*e versions had been in the Norman
French of the court and it was not until
a gentle soul by the name of Layamon
translated the cycle of tales into the
Saxon of the common people that the
Btory which had sprung from the people
found its way back to them again.
In the version which Howard Pyle
has presented to modern readers he
hfis with much quaint humor adopted
the stilted style of the old chroniclers
ae the model for his diction. With aJl
seriousness he announces in hia fore
word that he is able "by the crace of
God to write this work with such pleas
ure of spirit that, if it Rives but a part
of the joy that it hath afforded me.
I shall be very well content with what I
have done." Under this courtly style
of language the stories of Lady Guine
vere, 6ir Pelias and all the rest of those
brave old knights and ladies roll out
as if from the mouth cf a court bard in
old Whitehall.
Perchance Pyle wrote the text for
the chance offered by the Illustrations.
Certain it is that in the decorative fig
ure work by which it is adorned there
Is merit enough to commend the buying
of the book. Nothing like it could come
from any artist but Pyle.
(Charles Scribner's Sons. New York:
Illustrated.)
years of thst — there are certain
old stories that will live down through
the centuries. One of these is the green
old ta.2* of King Arthur and the table
round. For over * thousand years this
recountal of the ran- fighting days back
in tha ran- times of England has passed
denvn through the generations as folk
son?, roniar.ee and poetic epic. Now
in the heyday of books comes Howard
Pylo and rives us the old story again
furbished up in twentieth century
garb.
S7 S Ion? as the Anglo-Saxon loves
fight— and God grant many
Howard Pyle With
Pen and Pencil
Pictures Arthur
At the beginning of an enthusiastic
review of Mr. James Bryce's "Studies
In Contemporary Biography" in the
Atlantic Monthly, Mrs. Harriet Wat
ers Preston says: "In one of his re
cently collected 'Studies in Contem
porary Biography/ the Right Honor
able James Bryce remarks of that
eminent scholar, the late Lord Acton,
that 'his mastery of the so-called hu
man subjects was unequaled'; and
now that Lord Acton is no more, the
same thing might fairly be said of Mr.
Bryce himself." Mrs. Preston goes
on to say that "the twenty odd char
acter studies brought together In the
new volume afford fresh evidence of
Mr. Bryce's breadth and acumen as
well as of his unusually wide ac
quaintance among the leading minds
of the day. The most admirable feat
ure of these twenty-one studies is
their impartiality of appreciation. It
Is a Il3t of shining names."
"Might have been written by Guy da
Maupassant." remarks the Chicago
Evening Post of Robert Herrtck'a
"Their Child." It is not a rollicking
tale, like Water's "Philosophy 4," this
Issue in the series of "Little Novels by
Favorite Authors," but a study in
heredity, with a certain flavor of Bal
zac. The plot turns upon a flve-year
old boy who suddenly reveals the wick
edness of his grandslre— a fierce old
Berserker in the mad rages— and upon
the temptation that comes to his
parents to drown their sorrows— he in
drink, she in the company of her girl
hood's sweetheart.
The Scottish papers are delighted
with Mr. Clifton Johnson's "The Land
of Heather." They all write of It
with much interest. The Scotsman,
for Instance, styles the book "a plain
and photographic account of what ob
servant and sympathetic American
eyes saw In a leisurely sojourn In
Scotland. He does v-.-hat he sets him
self to do very well. He tells in an
easy, unstudied way what he sees and
hears. The sketches are touched with
sufficient nicety and accuracy to make
them interesting."
Hamlln Garland, author of "Hes
per." tells an interesting: story of how
he got his first inspiration to writs
fiction. He had left Wisconsin for a
time, and was sitting in a little attic
room In Boston, wondering about his
future, when he heard a man unload
ing a cartload of coal in the street
below. The sound made by the coal
as it was released from the man's
shovel — a sort of ringing scrape
seemed exactly like the sound made
by shoveling corn into a corncrlb. It
brought back to the homesick young
man a vivid picture of his home, the
farm and the life he had left. The
inspiration for a story came to him,
and he wrote a tale that was pub
lished In the New American Maga
zine of New York, then edited by
William Wyckoff. This was In 18S5,
and the story was afterward incor
porated In Mr. Garland's "Boy Ufa on
the Prairie." and reproduced in his
lecture on "Life on the Prairie."
Technical College at Pittsburg In Oc
tober. 1904. It Is to be hoped that he
will find It agreeable to make other
public appearances In this country,
which he has not visited for more than
thirty years. A lecture on Gladstone
by Mr. Morley would take the country
by storm, and he would be sure of ap
preciative audiences if he would speak
on literary topics.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BEFORE
THE
BOOKSTALLS
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r* ROMANCE OF THE OLD W E 8 T ft
I LIO'NS of I
the LORD I
;l By HARRY LEON WILSON M
AUTHOR OF "THE SPENDERS" '$
) THE BROOKLYN ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC: hf
] ¦ DAILY EAGLE: MTh- nUa who bniM #Tht Utmu j&
"'The lions of the Lord' is an fan- of the Lord* will certainly finish it. Hlb
- f ¦' mensely lapressiw story. Without There's a tragedy at th« close, the fa- f||J5
affectation, without strain, without eari- exonble tragedy of Joel Rat's life, but JO(
cature, it affords a picture of the flight there's also one of the prettlejt of love- (£,
into the wilderness, and of the men who a gtory happy endingi, la which a dashing *X.*
converted that flight Into a purposeful cowboy plays Young Lochinrar In a £j[
and ultimately triumphant conquest, way to make you want to jump up tad (jfe
which has not hitherto beea equalled." whoop hurrahs for him. The plot is figj
adc&ably constructed, aad there b real ) li
THE BOSTON vitality in the people."
j £ *!Heretofoye no novel has dealt so vt- PHILA. PUBLIC LEDGER: \jfe
\ tally with the histcryi the scenes, and the ..„,,... . £*T
characters of Mormonism, and no pred- Certainly much has been written re- ,»,
) ecessorhaaso clearly struck the keynote p«^S the Mormons, but no writer has tf»
cf its comedy as well as its feanem. Wore ttnitd out a boo* which » dw-
{ trajedy. Joel Rae. the hex*. U one that "** co . mbla « record with KT
may not soon > gotten." well-wntten Ectxoa.- fo
¦ .- ~- &
LOTHROP. PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON £±2
* * [ \j*jSuch a thing was unheard of. Jacob
Kent was making the fire, chopping
wood, packing water— doing menial
tasks for a guest!
"Strike me blind, but you're a'ust
ler," the Man with the Gash said ad
miringly, his head cocked to one side,
as his host bustled about. "You never
*ort to *ave gone Klondiking. It's the
keeper of a pub' you was laid but for.
And thereat this fiery son of the sea
broke off Into a string of Oriental pro
fanity, mingling gods and devils, line
ages and men, metaphors and mon
sters, with so savage a virility that
Jacob Kent was paralyzed. He shrank
back, his arms lifted as though to ward
off physical violence.
"The nun's knocked the bottom out o'
the trail," said the Man with the Gash.
"An* 1 only 'ope you'll appreciate the
hoppertunity of consortin* with a man
o" my mug. Get steam up in that fire
box o* yourn. I'm goin'- to unrig the
dogs an* grub 'em. An* don't be shy o*
the wood, my lad; there's plenty more
where that come from, and It's you've
got the time to sling an ax. An* tote
up a bucket o* water while you're
about it. Lively! or I'll run you down,
bo *elo me!"
The pleasures of life had culminated in the continual weighing and reweighing of his gold dust.
"Shipmate stove roe down with a
mariln-spike from the main royal. An'
now as you 'ave your flgger'ead in trim,
v.ot I want to know is, wot's it to you?
That's wot I v.ant to know— wot's it
to you? Gawd blime me! do it 'urt
you? Ain't it smug enough for -the
likes o* you? That's v.'ot I want to
"W-w-whcre'd you get it?" Kent at
last managed to articulate, raising a
thaklng; forefinger to the ghastly 6car
which seamed the other's cheek.
The man looked at him curiously.
"Oh, that's all right," he said, wav
ing his hand deprecatlngly. "You
needn't think as I'll 'arm you or j*our
blasted dust. You're a rum 'tin, you
are," he added reflectively, as he
watched the sweat pouring from off
Kent's face and the quavering of his
knees. "Wy don't you pipe up an*
cay somcthin'?" he went on, as the
other struggled for breath. "Wot's
goiie wrong o" your gaff? Any think
the matter':"
Jacob Kent wheeled about, at the
same time reaching for his double
barreled shotgun, which stood handy.
But when his eyes lit on the intruder's
face he staggered back dizzily. It was
the face of the Man with the Gash!
Often he dreamed that Buch was the
case, and awoke in the crip of night
mare. A Belect number of these rob
bers haunted him through his dreams,
end he came to know them quite well,
especially the bronzed leader with the
pash en his right check. This fellow
was the most persistent of the lot, and,
becauee of h!m, he had. in his waking
moments, constructed several score of
hiding places in and about the cabin.
After a concealment he would breathe
freely again, perhaps for several
nights, only to collar the Man with the
Gash in the very act of unearthing the
sack. Then, on awakening in the midst
of the usual struggle he would at once
get up and transfer the bag to a new
and more ingenious crypt. So he con
tinued to bleed the unfortunates who
crgssed his threshold, and at the same
time to add to his trouble with every
ounce that went into the sack.
As he sat sunning himself a thought
came to Jacob Kent that brought him
to his feet with a jerk. The pleasures
of life had culminated in the continual
weighing and reweighing of his dust;
but a shadow had been thrown upon
his pleasant avocation, which he had
hitherto failed to brush aside. His gold
scales were quite small; in fact, their
maximum 'was a pound and a half —
eighteen ounces — while his hoard
mounted up to something like three
and a third times that. He had never
been able to weigh it all at one opera
tion. It was the solution of this prob
lem flashing across his mind that had
Just brought him to his feet. .He
searched the trail carefully in either
direction. There was nothing in sight,
so he went inside.
In a few seconds he had the table
cleared away and the scales set up.
On one ride he placed the stamped
disks to the equivalent of fifteen
ounces, and balanced it with dust on
the other. Replacing the weights with
dust, he then had thirty ounces pre
cisely balanced. These, In turn, he
placed together on one side and again
balanced with more dust. By this time
the sold was exhausted, and he was
sweating liberally. He trembled with
ecstasy, ravished beyond measure.
Nevertheless, he dusted the sack thor
oughly, to the last least grain, till the
balace was overcome and one side of
the scales sank to the table. Equilib
rium, however, was restored by the ad
dition of a pennyweight and five grains
to the opposite side. He stood, head
thrown back, transfixed.
The sack was empty, but the poten
tiality of the scales had become Im
measurable. Upon them he could weigh
any amount, from the tiniest grain to
' pounds upon pounds. Mammon laid
hot fingers on his heart. The sun swung
on Its westering way till It flashed
through the open doorway, full upon
the yellow-burdened scales.
"Gawd bllme me! but ybu 'ave the
makin' of several quid there, 'aven't
you?"
Jacob Kent was feeling particularly
food that afternoon. The record had
been broken the previous night, and
he had sold his hospitality to no less
than twenty-eight visitors. True, it
bad been quite uncomfortable, and four
had snored beneath his bunk all night;
but then it had added appreciable
weight to the Back in which he kept
his gold dust That sack, with Its glit
tering yellow treasure, was at once the
chief delight and the chief bane of his
existence. Heaven and hell lay within
its slender mouth. In the nature of
things, there being no privacy to his
one-roomed dwelling, he was tortured
by a constant fear of theft. It would
be very easy for these bearded, despe'r
ate-Iooklns strangers to make way
with It.
One afternoon in April he sat by his
door— for all the world like a predatory
spider— marveling at the heat of the
returning sun and keeping an eye on
the trail for prospective flies. The
Yukon lay at his feet, a eea of ice,
disappearing around two great bends
to the north and south and 6tretchlng
an honest two miles from bank to
bank.
waCOB KEN'T had suffered from
( cupidity all the days of his life.
1 He had been a weaver of cloth
Oj from the cradle until the fever
of Klondike had entered his blood and
torn him away from his loom. His
cabin stood midway between Sixty
mile Post and the Stuart River, and
men who made it a custom to travel
the trail to Dawson likened him to a
robber baron, perched in his fortress
and exacting toll from the caravans
that used his ill-kept roads.
know!"
"No, no," Kent answered, sinking
upon a stool with a sickly grin.' "I was'
Just wondering."
"Did you ever see the like?" the
other went on truculently.
"No." :
"Ain't it a beute?" ' '
"Ye?." Kent nodded Ws . head . ap
provingly. intent on humoring this
strange visitor, but wholly unprepared
for the outburst which was to follow
his effort to be agreeable.
"You blasted, bloomin*. burgoo-eatln'
son-of-a-sea-B\vab! Wot do you mean,
sayin* the most onslghtly thing Gawd
Almighty ever put on the face o* man
is a beute? Wot do you mean, you "
\An* it's 'often as I 'ave 'eard the lads
up an* down the . river speak o' you, _
but I 'adn't no idea you was so Jolly
nice." .
"Do.lt 'urt you?" Jim Cardegee thun
dered suddenly, looking up from the
spreading of his blankets and encoun
tering'the rapt gaze of the other fixed
upon that gash. "It strikes me as 'ow
it.'ud be the proper thing for you to
draw your Jib, douse the glim, an*, turn
in, seein* as 'ow It worrits you. Jes f
lay to that, you swab, or so 'elp me
I'll take a pull on your peak-pur
chases!"
Kent was so nervous that' it took
three puffs to blow out the slush-lamp,
and he crawled into his blankets with-
the shotgun without spilling a particle,
rammed it down with double wads and
then put everything away and got back
Into bed. *~
Just as daylight laid Its steel-gray
fingers on the parchment window Jacob
Kent awoke. Turning on his elbow,
he raised the lid and peered into the
ammunition box. Whatever he saw,
or whatever he did not see, exercised
a very peculiar effect upon him, con
sldering his neurotic temperament. He
glanced at the sleeping man on the
floor, let the lid down gently and' rolled
over on his back. It was an unwonted
calm that rested. on his face. Not a
muscle Quivered. There was not. the
least sign of excitement or perturba-
* ¦ -.
"Wot?" Cardegee asked, as doon as
he had caught his breath. .
"The gold dust." \
"Wot gold dust?" the perplexed sailor
demanded.
"i"ou know well enough— mine."
"Ain't seen nothlnk of It. Wot do yo
take, me for? A safe deposit? Wot
'ave I got to do. with it, any'oxv?"
"Mebbe you know, and mebbe you
don't know, but anyway.' I'm going to
stop your breath till you dp know. And
if you lift- a hand, I'll blow your head
off!" "
"Vast heavln*!" Cardegee roared, as
the rope tightened.
Kent eased away a moment, and the
sailor, wriggling his neck as though
"Whom- God have mercy upon if she
loves you. 'Ah! Would you?" He frus
trated a hostile move on the- part of
the other by, pressing the cold muzzle
against his forehead. "Lay quiet, now!
If you light as much as a hair, you'll
get it."
It was rather an awkward task, with
flie trigger of the gun always within
pulling distance of the finger; but Kent
was a weaver, and In a few minutes
had the sailor tied hand and foot.
Then he dragged him without and laid
"AnV it's a pretty mess as you'll make
o' this 'ere cabin floor." Cardegee was
lighting for time: "Now, look 'ere, I'll
tell you wot we" do; we'll lay our* eada
'longsidfe an* reason together. You've
lost some dust. You say as 'ow I know,
an* I say as 'ow I don't. Let's get a
hobservation an* shape a course "
"Vast heavln'!" Kent dashed in, ma
liciously imitating the other's enuncia
tion. "I'm going to shape all the
courses in his, shebang, and you ob
serve; and if. you do anything more,
I'll bore you as sure as Moses!"
"For the sake of my mother- — "
Copyright by McClure, Phillips & Co.
Just then Kent heard the Jarrlns
churn of the runners and turned hi3
eyes to the trail. The driver was lying
flat on the sled and the dogs swinging
down the straight stretch to the cabin.
Kent whirled back, bringing his rifle
to shoulder.
"It ain't eight bells yet!" Cardegee
expostulated. "I'll 'aunt you, sure."
Jacob Kent faltered. He was stand-
Ing by the sun-dial, perhaps ten paces
from his victim. The man on the sled
must have seen that something un
usual was taking place, for he had
risen to his knees, his whip singing
viciously among the dogs.
The shadows swept Into line. Kent
looked along the Eights.
"Make ready!" he commanded sol
emnly. "Eight b "
But Just a fraction of a second too
soon, Cardegee rolled backward into
the hole. Kent held his fire and ran
to the edge. Bang! The gun exploded
full In the sailor's face as he rose to
his feet. But no smoke came from tha
muzzle; instead, a sheet of flame burst
from the side of the barrel near Its butt
and Jacob Kent went down. The dogs
dashed up the bank, dragging the sled
over his body, and the driver sprang
off as Jim Cardegee freed his hands
and drew himself from the hole.
"Jim!" The newcomer recognized
him. "What's the matter?"
"Wot's the matter? Oh, nothink at
all. It Jest 'appens as I do little things
like this for my 'ealth. Wofs the mat
ter, you bloomin' idjit? Wot's the mat
ter, eh? Cast me loose, or I'll show
you wot! *TJrry up, or I'll 'olystone tha
decks with you!"
"Huh!" he added, as the other went
to work with his sheath knife. "Wot's
the matter? I want to know. Jes' tell
me that, will you, wot's the matter?
Hey?"
Kent was quite dead when they rolled
him over. The gun, an old-fashioned,
heavy-weighted muzzle loader, lay near
him. Steel and wood had parted com
pany. Near the butt of the right-hand
barrel, with lips pressed outward,
gaped a fissure several Inches in
length. The sailor picked it up curi
ously. A glittering stream of yellow*
dust ran out through the crack. The
facts of the case dawned upon Jim
Cardegee.
"Strike me standin"!" he roared;
" 'ere's a go! 'Ere's Ms bloomin' dust!
Gawd blime me, an' you. too, Charley,
if you don't run an' get the dlshpan!"
"Half an inch."
The sailor wriggled slightly to assure
himself that he would topple over at
the right moment, and slipped the first
turn over his hands.
"'Ow close?" j:<
"One inch."
"Say, 'ow close Is the shadows?"
Cardegee groaned, then stole a glance
at the trail. The Bled was just clearing
a rise, barely a mile away, and tha
dogs were In full lope, running lightly.
"'Ow close is the shadows to the
line?"
Kent walked to the primitive time
piece and studied it. "Three Inches,"
he announced, after a careful survey.
"Say, Jes* sing out 'eight bells' afore
you pull the gun, will you?"
Kent agreed and they lapsed Into
silence. The throngs about Cardegee'a
wrists were slowly stretching, and he
had begun to work them over his
hands.
effort, he endeavored to stretch It more
and more.
He watched the trail hungrily, and
when In the direction of Sixty-mile a
dark speck appeared for a moment
against the white background of an
ice jam he cast an anxious eye at the
sun. It had climbed nearly to the
zenith. Now and again he caught the
black speck clearing the hills of ice and
sinking into the Intervening hollows,
but he dared not permit himself more
than the most cursory glances for fear
of rousing his enemy's suspicion. Oncw
when Jacob Kent rose to his feet and
searched the trail with care Cardegee
was frightened, but the dog sled had
struck a piece of trail running parallel
with a jam, and remained out of sight
till the danger was past.
"I'll see you Ming for this," Cardegee
threatened, attempting to draw the
other's attention. "An* you'll rot In
'ell, Jes* you see If you don't.
"I say," he cried, after another pause;
"d'ye b'lleve in ghosts?" Kent's sudden
start made him sure of his ground, and
he went on: "Now a ghost 'as the right
to 'aunt a man wot don't do wot ha
says; and you can't skiffle me off till
eight *bells— wot I mean Is 13 o'clock
can you? 'Cos if you do, It'll 'appen as
'off I'll 'aunt you. D'ye- 'ear? A min
ute, a second too quick, an' 111 'aunt
you, so *elp me, I will!"
Jacob Kent looked dubious, but de
clined to talk.
"'Ow's your chronometer? Wot'i
your longitude? 'Ow do you know as
your time's correct?" Cardegee persist
ed, vainly hoping to beat his execu
tioner out of a few minutes. "Is it Bar
rack's time you 'ave, or Is it the com
pany time? 'Cos if you do it before
the stroke o' the bell, I'll not rest. I
give you fair warnin*. I'll come back.
An* if you 'aven't the time, *ow will
you knowT That's wot I want— *ow
will you tell?"
"I'll send you off all right," Kent re
plied. "Got a sun-dial here."
"No good. Thirty-two degrees varia
tion o* the needle."
"Stakes are all set."
" 'Ow did you set 'em? Compass?"
"No; lined them up with the North
Star."
"Sure?"
"Sure."
THE SUNDAY CAI1I1.
tion. He lay there', a" long' while think
ing and when he got up and began to
move about it was in a cool, collected
manner, without noise and without
hurry. . ' *
, It happened that a heavy wooden peg
had been driven into the ridge-pole just
above Jim Cardegee's; head.. Jacob
Kent, working softly," ran a' piece of
half-inch manlln over it, bringing both
ends to the ground. One end "he tied
about his waist, and in the other he
rove a running noose.' Then- he cocked
his shotgun 3 and' laid it within reach
by the side of -numerous moose-hide
thongs. -.By an effort of will he bore
the sight of the scar, slipped the noose
over the sleeper's head, and drew it
taut by-throwing back on his weight,
at the same time seizing the gun and
bringing it to bear.
Jim Cardegee awake, choking, be
wildered, staring down the twin wells
of steel.
."Where is ..it?" Kent asked, at the
same time slacking on the. rope.
. -'You blasted— ugh— — " :
¦;.; Kent merely threw back his weight,
shutting off the other's wind.
"Bloomin'— Bur— ugh— —" '
"Where is it?" Kent repeated.
out even removing his moccasins. The
sailor was soon snoring lustily from his
hard bed on the floor, but. Kent lay
staring up into the blackness, one hand
on the shotgun, resolved not to close,
his eyes the whole night. He had not
had an opportunity to secrete his five
pounds of gold, and it lay in the am
munition box at the head of his bunk.
But, try as be would, he at last dozed
off with the. .weight, of. his 'dust, heavy'
on his soul. Had he not inadvertently
fallen asleep with his mind in such con
dition, the somnambulic demon would
not have been Invoked, nor would; Jim
Cardegee have gone mining next day
with a dlshpan. ,
The sailor lay. like a log, while his
host tossed restlessly about, the victim
of strange fantasies. As midnight
drew near he suddenly threw off the
blankets and got up. It was remark
able that he could do what he then did
without ever striking a "light. Perhaps
it-was because of the darkness that he
kept his eyes shut, and perhaps it was
for fear he would see the terrible gash
on the cheek of . his visitor ; but, ¦• be
this as it may, it is a fact that, unsee
ing," he opened his ammunition box,
put a heavy charge into the muzzle of
from "the pressure, managed to loosen
the noose a bit and v.-ork it up so the
point o£ contact was Just under the
chin.
"Well 3," Kent questioned, expecting
the disclosure.
But Cardegee grinned. "Go ahead
with your .'angin', you bloomin' old pot
wolloper!"
Then, as the sailor had anticipated,
the tragedy became a farce. Cardegee
being the heavier of - the two, Kent,
throwing his body backward and down,
could not lift .him clear of the ground.
Strain and strive to the uttermost, 4he
•sailor's feet still stuck to the floofand
sustained a part of his weight. The re
maining portion was supported by the
point of contact Just "under his chin.
'Failing to swing him clear, Kent clung
on, resolved to slowly throttle him - or
force him to , tell what he had done
with the hoard. ' But the Man wi th the
Gash '; would not throttle. Five, ten, fif
teen. minutes "passed, and at the "end
*of that'- time, in . despair, Kent let his
prisoner down. :
- "Well," he remarked, wiping- away
the -sweat, "If you won't; hang! you'll
shoot. Some men wasn't born to be
hanged, anyway."
"Well, Gawd blime me, if this ain't a
go! 'Ere I be, -innercent as a lamb,
an' 'ere you be. lost all o' your top
•amper an' out o' your reckonln*. run
me foul an' goin* to rake me into 'ell
flre. "You bloomin* old ptrut! You "
Jim Cardeegee loosed the strings of
his profanity and fairly outdid himself.
Jacob | Kent brought out a stool that
he might enjoy it In comfort. Having
exhausted all the possible combinations
of his ' vocabulary, the sailor quieted
down to hard thinking, his eyes gaug
ing the progress. of the sun. which tore
up the eastern slope of the heavens
with unseemly haste.
? His hands were tied behind him, and,
pressing against the snow, they were
wet with/ the contact. This moistening
of the rawhide he knew would tend to
make it stretch, and, without apparent
X "You'll be hitting the brimstone trail.
But if you speak up, I'll keep you till
the next bunch of mounted police come
by."
him by the side of the cabin, where he
could overlook the' river and watch the
sun climb to the meridian.
"Now I'll give you till noon, and
then " ¦
"Wot?"
THE MAN WITH THE GASH
8
Pages on Pages
Beautiful Pictures
in tlbe Great
CHristmas Call
¦ * *
Nest Sunday,
.-¦ ys,THE ART OF POSING
1HAVE often thousnt that it woulc
be a good idea and one that woulc
6a ve much time and worry if a llsl
of "don'ts" could be conspicuously
posted in the dressing rooms of e
gallery for the instruction of subjects
while they are waiting for a "sitting.'
The first ''don't" in the art of posing
should be "Don't pose." The nexi
should be "Don't overdress." Aftei
lhat "Don't plaster your hair down,"
"don't wear all the colors of the rain
bow," "don't make posing hard work,'
"don't try to look like some famous
stage favorite." Vdon't be artificial.'
On the contrary, try to be as much lik«
vour everyday self as you possibly can.
Then would the art of posing resolve
itself down to a very simple task in
!eed.
It is just such artificialities as those
mumerated above that make subjects
uvkward .and unnatural, where they
;houid be quite at their ease. The
vnole art of posing is nothing more nor
ess than producing graceful curving
Incs. Look on the picture of Miss
Dodge which accompanies this article
o see what I mean. There are no hard
;hcrp angles in that pose to affront the
¦ye. Every line tends to bring out this
•oung lady's splendid height and cym
netry. Moreover, every curve serves
>ut to accentuate her natural gracious
tess and half sad pensive moods. That
s the secret of bringing out all the
haracter of the subject. Add to this
hat none of the detail of either the
landsome coat or gown has been lost
nd you have the art of posing in it«
erfectlon.
Indeed, I can't too strongly insist
pon the importance of .that one point.
:urves, curves, curves. That should
be the photographer's watchword- No
woman, be she ever so homely; but may
be made at least passably attractive if
all angles are avoided. . ' „ ;
And with the curves should go ani
mation whenever and whereveV it is
possible. Animation, even if it is only'
the merest suggestion of a smile, gives
the -impression of action. Moreover, it
is friendly and 'will' serve to attract at
tention from other defects if there are
any.
."'However, subjects as. handsome as
Miss Dodge ar*»- extremely rare. To be
gin. with. sHe- is; exceptionally tall, ex
tremely, athletic and robust. That
meant the danger, of .making her seem
masculine lf'she'were' posed at all an
gularly. Then there wa3the complica
tion.- £f photographing masses of black
and white at the same time — a difficulty
which even . the veriest amateur'in pho
tography will readily understand, and
which of ' itself, nroducicg as it does
such sharp contrasts la likely to make
ugly angles where least expected. ¦* And
then, loo, .very tall people all seem to
be afraid of their height and uncon
sciously sag on one hip or the other
when In repose in a vain effort to seem
shorter.* This. simple little mannerism
alone would make the subject seem fat
and shapeless were it not detected and
corrected before the picture is taken.
And thus by the avoidance of all
these things Miss Dodge's superb
height has been brought out in such
manner that she does not seem unnat
urally tall, so perfect are the curves
and so natural the proportion. That
same rule : applies with equal force to
every subject, short or tall, stout
or thin. , Miss Dodge, of course,
has the advantage of being really hand
some and graceful to begin with.
Sunday Call
Women and Children's Section" "Waists are 'sharply, divided into two
classes, the very short waist and the
very long waist, with a preference for
the latter. The short waist, which is
on" the Empire style; is for evening, and
the .waist, is .usually 'one which belongs
to some; other .period, a ..; restoration
waist. The Second :¦; Empire- "waists.
which ar«> worn with' the round skirts,
are becoming to slender figures.
But ; it is" the long waist, pointed in
front, which is" the most becoming, the
in clover green go-Id; dangle from gold
chains, \vhlfe little pigs in gold thread
are embroidered upon the lace collar.
; The Waist of 1904. ' \
waist that is most worn and the style
wliich forms the pattern for the new
shirt waists. Bloused in front, v.-ilh
the blouse coming down to a long point,
tight on the sides and snug in the back
will be the description of the waist that
is to <cine.
But, though this is generally true, the
likeness b> no means ends there. The
roininj; -vaist will be a very elaborate
affair, Just how elaborate not oven the
modiste who 13 planing It dares'to pre
dict.
One thing In very certain. The vogue
for lace will. not; lessen, ami the waist
of the future will be wholly or largely
built of this, material which grows In
popularity as It becomes more and
n.ore useful. At no<,tlme since ths reign
of Louis XI were laces so popular. '
!¦;¦-;. The latest of the new laces were stout
in their texture, of a color that wears
well, and so durable that they can be
washed like calico. It is a fact (hat
many of the new cotton laces can be
tubbed and rubbed and that all the nec
essary strength can be put upon them
ing year, and, made in lace or made in
a delicious combination of silk and chif
fon, it will be worn by vne woman of
fashion.
Its virtues are that It makes the
shoulder seem a little longer, giving the
slope which is now so' much admired.
It also affords a background upon
which there can be worked the most ex
quisite color patterns, and it Rives an
opportunity for the display of rare fem
inine handiwork. Again the shoulder
ette, if made of lace, shows off well the
handsomer varieties of this rabrlc, and
can be as rich and as elegantly becom
ing as one could desire.
The newest are made with stock and
shoulder cape attached and are em
broidered in Armenian colors and de
signs. Others are cut round In the neck,
partly low, and are shoulder deep and
exquisitely appllqued with small col
ored wheels, with flowers in raised ef
fects, and with all sorts and conditions
of fanciful decorations.
Perhaps the newest form of embroid
ery tor the shoulder cape Is fruit em
broidery. The style is that of the em
broiderer of southern France. And
great bunches of golden grapes, in silk
and in fine cloth and in cloth of gold,
are raised upon the delicate fabric of
lace.
-Llttlered pears, the rosiest of love
apples, and the smaller plums, are
copied with great fidelity of color up
on •¦¦ the corners of . the lace cape which
my lady throws around her evening
shoulders. Nuts, too, are made in; silk
and raised upon the*lace, and there are
collars which are a mass "of : brown
acorns, a3 natural as life and just as
Jlar'ge. , • . '»
¦ '.The introduction of animal embroid
ery \ is a thing % 6f the' not very far dis
tant; future. _, Cats and dogs, pigs arid
little ;elephanta {will be worked In out
line upon a lace background. With this
lace : collar ¦ the i lady of fashion wears
dangles of silver animals. Little pigs
.The shoulderettes of tan laceUoak
very pretty over gowns of black or over
shirtwaists . of • almost any color/ and
this furnishes a hint to the woman who
wishes to use up her old silk waists.
The shoulderette will play a more Ira-
Rortant Part in, the styles of the com-
The square neck, too. is coming in.
This Is the neck which is high in the
back, but is cut in a little square dip in
the front. This shows the whole of the
chin and the throat, while It 13 high on
the sides and in the back. This is the
old style square neck which was once
so' very much the vogue.
i The neck that is cut rounding, front
and back, is also very good. This neck
is not low by any means, but is merely
curved out so that it exposes the whole
of the throat and the back of the neck.
It Is semi-low, and it Is finished with a
little ruffle of lace through which a rib
bon Is run. The ribbon Is tied at the
back; The style of neck will be worn
for semi-dress occasions.' A silk waist
finished for a card party had a slightly
rounded neck finished with fagoting'
and lace. • . ¦ . ;
There Is this great advantage about a
neck that is rounded out, namely, that
it can be worn with a lace collarette.
This lace collarette can betas' high. as
you please, and If of nice lace. It makes
a very pretty finish for the throat.
Colored lace can be worn in this man
ner and a little lace stock and shoulder-.
ette of turquoise" green ; lace set off * a
gown of coffee-colored brown In the
most delightful manner.
'^ The Lace Shoulderettes. , ,•
The shirt waists that are finished in
this manner, without the tall stock, are
very numerous, and there arc thou
sands of this description now being
made in the work shops of the most
fashionable modistes, for now is the
time when they begin to prepare for
next summer. -
veals the throat and neck. This sort of
waist shows the little hollow at the
base of the chin, and is particularly be
coming to women with good throats.
. ... « i
O-r T a round table In the middle of .
f \ tho spacious dining-room in the ,
( I v.rrr.ens hotel sat Miss Helen ,
1 Could. With her were four
friends three women and a man.
Overhead the orchestra played gayly
frcm behind its bank of palms.
TI.c air was redolent of roses. "Waiters
Ir. foil conventional danced attend
ance upon the guests. Miss Gould's face
v.cs Cashed until it was a pretty pink.
ss pick as the brocade of her gown,
and her guests looked delighted with
the scene.
All of the party wore waist shirts,
though it was 8 o'clock in the evening,
the hcur for semi-full dress; yet all
v.ere appropriately gowned. Miss
Gould's waist was a pale gray foulard
with Email pink figures in it. Her hat
wes a black beaver trimmed with a
rr.le grr£y feather. Her Ekirt was a deep
nickel gray cloth trimmed with bands
cf braid — a tailor-made affair. ¦
One of her guests wore a white moire
waist trimmed with strappings of tur
quoise. Another wore a very heavy
white linen, with a front plait covered
with canvas. Upon the canvas there was
a pattern in cross stitch embroidery In
Bohemian design. Reds and blues and
purple were shown on a canvas ground
of cream.
Miss Gould wore no jewelry beyond
a very slender gold chain, which was
closely strung with pierced turquoise.
Upon the table at her side lay a bag
of bl'e beads with a scene inwrought
in silver and crystal beads. The bag
was mounted in gold, and from it Miss
Gould took a beautiful little golden
trifle, which proved to be a lorgnette
made In compact shape. After dinner,
as the stood up to go. her black hat
with its waving plume, her pale silk
waist with its delicate trimmings, and
her wonderfully neat tailored skirt
made her the object of all eyes. She
looked the t yplcal woman of the sea
eon—the girl of 1S04.
A Glimpse of the Coming: Girl.
Each woman in the year 1904 will be
a picture.
As she stands dressed, ready for pa
rade, you will want to take a snapshot
of her. She will be well worthy the
work of the camera. Her attire will
be not only extremely striking, but will
be beautiful in its lines and harmoni
ous in its color.
More than that, it will be becoming
and pretty.
Tbe distinguishing feature of the
dress of the woman of 1S04 will be the
color scheme, which makes up her cos
tume. The ombre, or shadow, tones
will form the background upon which
are built up all the beautiful color har
mopies which complete her dress.
Quaint changeable browns, helped out
with orange and blue, will only afford
a more striking background to the dash
of red which will be seen In so many
costumes.
Again, my lady, as she Eteps before
the glass, will be gowned in shadow
blue, that strange blue which la almost
els deep as ink blue, and trimming this
gown will be bands of cherry velvet,
There is no. doubt. whatever that the
neck of 1901 will be cut slightly low. It
will be rounded out, and the blouses of
the coming spring and summer will be
cut with a little finish of Uflft .which re-
likes a trottlnp skirt, but cannot en
dure that slinking in around the foot.
The dancing, or evening, skirt may b«
bouffant, but this is not yet determined.
Several very short and very full danc
ing cotillon gowns have recently convj
from Paris. But, as they tend to make
the woman who wears them look very
short and dumpy, It is certain that th<-y
will not be popular with all.
These short cotillon skirts are trim*
med with flounces and some of them
look very much like the skirts which
were worn Ly the belles of 1860. Shcrt,
full ruffles asd trimmed with lace, they
are almost exact reproductions of the
family portraits of that day.
But the ballroom skirt will be long
and tight-fitting and will tend. to give
a woman the fashionable figure, which
is that of slcndemess, height and >wil-.
lowness, and an absence of all that sug
gests embonpoint.
The Necks of 1004.
They will probably rot gather the
skirts upon the band, but will shirr
them in many shirrings or tuck them
in Spanish style. The tucks win be low
in front and will rise toward the back,
while the skirt is finished with a bouf
fant effect around the foot.
Already many of the trotting skirts,
which are of instep length, are made
bouffant around the foot. This Is ac
complished by the setting in of fans,
bias flounces and little ruffles. The
eklrt, which is as tight as it can be
built, suddenly, flares around the foot
where the^ans cause it to set out. This
style is very good for the woman who
There is every indication that skirts
will be of two kinds. One skirt, which
is the 1830, skirt, will be short and full.
The spring lawns will be made up In
this style and there will b» every in
dication of the return to grandmother's
day. These skirts, when crisp, are v very
pretty, and a neat challie, a mull or a
printed lawn will be very attractive for
piazza, wear, made up in this manner.
The Skirt That Is to Come.
From Paris there comes the whisper
that brown will be the best color of the
year and that ripe brown, which is a
brown with red in it, will be used a
great deal with a most brillianV blue,
which combination makes a very chic
set-off for a handsome face.
while coral Jewelry ornaments ner necx
and coral red makes up the trimmings
of her hat and stock. Her handbag
and belt will be glazed red leather or
red suede and there will be glimpses of
red in all her small appointments.
Never in the history of dres3 have
colors played as important a part as
they will play this- coming year, and
never was woman allowed as wide a
latitude in the selection thereof. In
the greens she can go from lettuce
green to invisible green, and in the
reds she can shade from a deepest pos
sible tone to the faintest shell pink.
And as for blues, their variety is in
finite. Even purple holds a certain
place in the estimation of those who
dress smartly in the street. Dowagers
revel in it combined with lavender and
white. •
The Sleeve Will Be Bouffant,
the Skirt Will Be Short and
Full, the Neck Will Be Low
end Hound and the Waist
YTiil Be Long and Slightly
Bicused— The Influence of
the 1830 Styles Upon tie
Frshior.3 of the Coming
Year— What Paris Is Doing
fcr the World of Fashion.
3y Augusta Prescott.
But she must not neglect to preserve
the low line of the shoulders, for this la
one of the features by which the. dress
of 1904 will be dlatia juiated.
Irish lace shows a rose with its leaves,
surrounded by shamrocks and thistles.
All are small and very beautiful in de
tail.
So great will bs th? fancy for lace -
of every kind that the woman who ia
desirous of looking: nice next year will
certainly pay weekly visits to the bar
gain counter In order that she may
take advantage of any and every op
portunity that may be offered.
(. How She Will Look.
\ The woman of 1904 will be pleasing:,
picturesque, yet withal feminine. You
•will catch a glimpse of her. first,'
through her waving plume, for
Bhe is. a, little, like the Gains
borough lady In that, from her
headgear, there waves a feather.
Her hat -will not be of the set, cut-and
dried conventional type, but will be
adapted to her own personality. The
woman who can wear It will dash along
In a hat whose plum© sets her off and
seems a part of her.
The hat plume, according to the very
latest standards of fashion, should not
exactly match the hat, but should con
trast with it. Upon a black hat there
can be a white plume, and upon a
-white hat a plume of black shows of?
best. Contrast is allowed in making
the selection, and the hat which ls^
tastefully chosen and which shows a
great deal of contrast is the one that
is the best of all from Dame Fashion"s
point of view.
Select your clothing so that it will en
hance your own natural charm. This
will be the motto in dress for the wom
an of 1901.
The shoes for 1904 will be as remark
able as it is possible for conventional
shoes to be. Though they are far from
being flashy, they are noticeable in
many respects, the most prominent of
which is the height of the heel.
The girl of 1904 will go mincing
through the drawing-room, for it will
not be possible for her to walk in any
other manner. Upon high heels, which
are veritable stilts, she will perch,
while her toes will nestle down into the
toes of pointed shoes that are exquis
itely embroidered with pearls. "White
shoes, bronze shoes and satin shoes
of all colors are trimmed for evening
'with little trimmings which set off their
attractiveness a hundredfold. Upon
the instep of a slipper of black satin
there is traced a little ribbon embroid
ery in pale bronze; and on tha toe of
the bronze slipper there is a little or
nament in the shape of a silvered fig
ure surrounded by worked leaves.
Slippers That Are to Com*.
And there is another type of slipper
which will be fashionable. It to Quite
different from tho embroidered type,
though it has a very high heeL This
slipper is the Priscilla slipper, made of
suede or of glazed kid, but made as
plain as possible. The Priscilla instep,
high and broad with the wid» leather
tongue rising over tha Instep, are feat
ures of this kind of shoe.
It Is trimmed with a wide, buckls.
which closely resembles. a bait buckle.
This may be made of steel or It may
be made of gold. Indeed, it can ba
fashioned of any material of which tha
belt buckle is made. And its place Is
upon the Instep of the slipper, where it
makes a glistening spot, bringing tha
foot into pretty prominence.
One of these buckles Is to cut steel.
It Is very wide and quite tall and it is
set on the Instep of a pair of dull black
kid slippers, the heels of whicb are at
least two inches tall and maybe taller.
The stockings with these slippers are
black silk, and they are Inset with
bands of white lace, which reach 'rorav
the foot upward. These bands of laca
are of delicate texture and each one is
embroidered In colors. The embroidery
is as fine as though the stockings were
to be continually on .view. Instead of
merely peeping out above the slipper
top.
And, by the way. the reign of the fan
cy stocking is coming in. Never did
hosiery begin to be half as elaborate.
The r.ew hose are resplendent In em
broidery, say in colors, and remarka
ble for thair fineness of tax tare. In
prices they are absurdly high. Yet thsre
is one comfort always to be obtained
from the thought that a woman can.
at a pinch, embroider her own stock
ings, insetting the lace and making
them as pretty as they would be did
they cost a great deal more than she
paid for them.
Perhaps the fashion of 13M will be
very remarkable in that, while elabor
ate, they can be made at home, in
which they differ from the fashions of
preceding" years. The woman who wants
to look like an 1SG0 woman can copy the
pictures of the. old prints and can en
graft upon them some of the new feaV
ures of the year. gg?jj|
to bring them out immaculate.
There are cotton laces with all the
fidelity of f.r.e thread lace and these
ere the Iacc3 that will ba used for th«
nicer shirt waists of spring. Among
the cotton laces, or the heavy thread
laces, may be mentioned those with
raised figures la ihsni and with a mesh
that is fine. A '.arc of this kind can be
made v<\> Ir-.tu a. :nost beautiful gown.
Cr.e pattern which look^ liln a UnltteJ
THE SUNDAY CALL,
PICTURE
STYLES
FOR
1904His &tore was besieged. The' school
(Copyright, 1003, by T. C. McClure.) j
N Munkersville every
f5>^Ti body agreed \ that
{//I Stumpy Dent .was
kf.^ silly; not very much
V* off, but off. Pa Dent
;«A himself did not deny
i«J it Of course, ma
¦i » • was an exception to
the rule, and vigorously denied every
thing and anything that touched on
the softness of Stumpy. And toward
pa, because of his sittin'-on-the-fence
attitude, she assumed a frigid front
"Silence is jes' the same as consent.
Dave Dent," she complained bitterly,
eyeing her spouse with a shrewish look.
"Shame on ye, an' him. your own flesh
an' blood!"
Eut Dave paid no heed to these out
bursts. As matter of fact, pa was past
speaking to Stumpy. He had fought the
good fight and failed. In time, perhaps,
he allowed, intelligence might penetrate
to Stumpy's brain.
Good-humored, fat and flabby, Stumpy
had seen nine healthy summers. His
eyes were blue and watery, his cheeks
dimpled and red. Rain or shine he wore
a hayseed hat two sizes too small for
his abnormal crown, kept in place by
an elastic so tight that It puckered and
reddened his skin. His pants were
drawn up three inches. above his knees,
and though his ma tried hard to pre
vent it Stumpy's kneecaps were always
exposed. For. Stumpy \ had . a weakness
for curbstones and marbles, and rather
than stand on his feet he hustled along
on all fours.
In school work Stumpy was disap
pointing, two grades behind the : times*.
Yet he could read* spell, add to the
thousands, and would attack millions
if he dared. "But oh! subtraction, sub
traction—not even a standing black
board example could enlighten Stumpy's
mind.
His long suffering "teacher, like pa,
was nearlng exasperation point when
suddenly a happy thought occurred to
her. She had. observed Stumpy on the
"Now, Stumpy." said pa. proudly,
"that's your first deposit, and it draws
interest at a per cent in one month."
But when the month was up and pa
pried open the lid only three shining
dollars demanded 5 per cent Stumpy
had learned to subtract
"Jes' this way," whispered Stumpy.
"I fetched ma's prune bottle from th»
cellar. Darby's was Jes' the same In
size an' wi' the same wee rid label
on the neck. So I filled. ma's bottla
neat wi" peas, emptied 'em out on th*
newspaper an' counted 'em as I filled
it up agin. That gave nine — two— one."
"Ha, ha, ha!", laughed jubilant pa.
"Come. Stumpy, lad." he cried, count
ing out flye shining silver dollars for
the bill, "come an' we'll put your
money in a bank."
It was a miniature Iron bank, a penny
in the slot a'ffair. and the silver rat
tled and rang as It dropped to the little
vault • below.
"Nine — two— two Is the winning num
ber, boys; and Stumpy Dent guesses
nine — two — cne. Stumpy gets the bill!*"
Wild was the scene in Darby's. Up
and out went Stumpy on the shoulders
of the fifth grade gang. And pa. driv
ing home in his buggy, felt a lump in
his throat when he heard the loud
cheers for Stumpy.
"How did you do it. sonny?" he ask
ed, when the demonstration was over
and the boy safe at home.
Came 3 o'clock and Darby was again
besieged. Every boy and girl la
Munkersville had a guess to give In,
and every slip had to be carefully ex
amined. At last, amid breathless si
lence, Darby, beaming like a harvest
moon, mounted a chair and In loud
tones cried:
quences.** 'Not bo with Stumpy. JL'
splendid evasion loomed up before him:
"Subtractln*. pa," he gurgled, dab
bing his finger on the last chalk mark
so as not to forget his total.
"Ah. I see," said pa.
Certainly, the excuse was a feasible
one.
From pent-up forms a roar of boy
ish laughter made sensitive Stumpy
tearful and tight as a clam, and away
went hope like the filmy wake of a
dream.
Of course Pa Dent soon heard the
story and looked sadly at his son. He
himself had tried the practical illus
tration scheme, but the lad was un
responsive. • ';-'*.'.
"Stumpy," he demanded, shaking the
boy's fat hand a little roughly, "do yem
like school?"
"Yis," was the glib reply.
0 "Then you must do better, or I'll take
you away."
Now Stumpy spoke the truth. He
really loved his teacher. School was h"s
heaven, and in his clumsy way he had
tried hard to catch subtraction. But it
wasn't pa's threat that awakened
Stumpy. To Darby Peck, the town's
leading grocer, must be given the cred
it , Darby had a way with him, such
a way that for -every customer his ri
val, Bollinger, boasted. Darby could set
Taken In the act and breathless from
the shock. Stumpy did not reply at
once. Undor such strong incriminating
circumstances the gTard impulse of the
ordinary boy would h.ive been instant
confession, and "take the conse-
Suddenly, when the white-aproned
assistant peeped out of the door
Stumpy melted. Hokey? Fine he
knew what hookey meant, and ma
mustn't see him get the bottle, naw,
nor the peas. And sh? didn't.
At 2 o'clock that eame afternoon Pa
Dent came unexpectedly upon his off
spring. Pa seldom disturbed the stable
loft till the evening when he brought
th; horses in. and therefore had
Stumpy chosen it as a fitting place for
his operations. A newspaper spread
lengthwise, the French prune bottle^ a
pyramid of peas, Svjmpy carefully
counting every pea he iropped into the
bottle, and on the white margin of the
newspaper a; record of red chalk
strokes. That was what pa saw when
his head topped the open trap.
f Stumpy." he cried sharply, "what
are you doing? Why are you not at
school?"
But one boy, regardless of the Jani
tor's peremptory mandate, remained
glued to Darby's wipdow, mumbling to
himse'f, his chubby fists clutched tight
ly at the crimson sill, as he dumped his
toughened knees against the freshly
painted panel. It was Stumpy Dent,
and he was thinking, yea, he was-rea
soning. .Where had he seen a, bottle
Just like that one wi' the peas. Ma
had one just the same d$wn in the cel
lar.- Sure!
Ting-a-ling! Tin^-a-ling! Vainly,
across the way the janitor swung his
bell high above his head, then down to
his weak old knees, and the brass gave
out its utmost. • . v
"No, no, no, every guess must be
written, and I will take none till 3
o'clock this afternoon," cried Darby,
dismissing the disappointed mob.
playgrounds were deserted. Troops of
madly excited boys and girls flung
frantic guesses at the delighted
grocer.
up four.' And Darby had Just opened a
branch near Stumpy's school.
"Naw, the laddies' trade ain't "much,"
he admitted, "but 'am acaterln' fern
Jest the same."
Here, hitherto, Bollinger had held
full sway. But Bollinger was mean,
hard as nails; he didn't give marbles
away with every 5-cent purchase. But
Darby did. so Darby corraled the
school. Bollinger tried hard to get it
back. At half price, as a lure, he ad
vertised squeakin' balloons and sticks
of candy, the chow-chow kind. Who
wanted squeakin' balloons and chow
chow candy? And again. Darby went
him one better:
"Twelve, when ye give 'em back
t'me," calmly- announced the hopeless
one.* >\.~\- : s.v'<y.,I\ .v.» ; ;~";
curbstone playing/ marbles. Sure, he
must have marbles In. his pocket He
did have them,- a . bulging pocketful.
Jealously guarded, and after a struggle
she successfully extracted three. But
it was all Rhe~ could do to get them,
and for days her. soft white hand re
tained evidence of' the getting.
"Stumpy Dent!" she cried with blaz
ing eyes, "now tell what I have done."
"Cobbed ma marbles," wailed the out
raged pupil | with streaming eyes and
waggling toes.
"Hush, hush, sonny;.. I'm going to
give them all back to you. I'm only
trying to show you what, subtraction
is. Now, how many marbles had you
when you came to school?"
"Twelve!" shouted Stumpy.
"How many have you now?"
One by one Stumpy counted them and
considered.
- "How many?" repeated the teacher.
MOW STUMPY LEARNED TO SUBTRACT
BY ALEC BRUCE.
thing savoring of exertion. ¦ The novel
must not be too sensational, because it
might thereby disturb repose, but. such
a ©ne as flows from beginning to end
at an easy dead level pace warranted
not to arouee too \ much feeling. . Be-,
cause to the luxurious woman even
eensation would.be fatiguing.
A box of candy is the unfailing re
sort of the luxury loving woman.
¦ . ¦ ¦ • - ¦ -
To don a neglige, with only the nov
el and the candy, is the sum total of
many a woman's existence. To eat
and grow fat, sleep and accumulate
adipose, hibernate in sleepy inertia is"
perhaps not lofty idealism, yet such a
woman is, after all, not half bad. She
is too lazy to make mischief, too indo
lent to gossip and too busy doing.noth
ing to even fall in love with another
woman's husband— hence judge her
kindly. COLONEL KATE.
Such a woman always studies these
effects, the loves beauty of the Dres
den china type and smiles contentment
In robes of silk. The light and color
scheme is her one great anxiety and
Ehe studies the general effect of repose
and the picture scheme cf color.
There are woman blessed with long
and enduring bank rolls that meet with
responsive alacrity every whim of the
•-•stress thereof, but this self-same
distress would never master the art of
enjoying money no matter how boun
teously fate favored her.
The money of such people always
seems to have a disagreeable twang
wherein one might even fancy a curse
lay hidden In every roIL
The real enjoyment of money lies In
the pleasure it enables one to extend
to others, and surely the woman woo
thinks only of herself can reap none
of the reward Uxat blesses more lun
telflsh lives.
Keeping calm with a seraphic peace
that allows nothing to ruffle its seren
ity is another lofty aim of the luxuri
ous woman.
She never even wants to exercise her
thought, fearing the exertion.
If she could eat by proxy she would
gladly dispense with the labor.
Sbe is Indolent' with a picturesque
laziness heightened by stage effects
and the dreamy languor of repose and
beauty.
Physically she Is only equal to the
•Sort of getting fat. and lies or reclines
her days away that even this may not
be too fatiguing.
Tne woman who loves luxury has
seldom a thought save of herself. It
would never enter her mind to weigh
the feelings, sorrows or needs of those
about her. She knows nothing of care
or privation, and except what she ex
tracts from books, to which she gives
but little thought, save as- a pretext for
passing the time. And, r#* the way,
this struggle to pass away the time la
the one serious enigma of her life.
Her energies are directed toward
keeping warm In the first place, as
warmth is, after all, a large Installment
of luxury. A cold, chilly spasm play
ing ragtime with one's spine would
take the pies sure out of any pastime
In life.
The purely selfish woman insists upon
having her own way, regardles ' v of the
wishes or convenience of others, and to
this end will Etoop to any discourtesy
or resort to any trickery In order to
carry her roint. Her battle-ground is
everywhere and anywhere that a bar
rier arises against the gratification of
her selfish whims. She has no scruples
and would cpare no one. To her there
Is no spot so sacred that she would not
trample underfoot In her determination
to minister to self.
The shibboleth of the selfish woman
Ib always "Slay and spare not" when
opposed.
The luxurious woman cares nothing
for the concerns of others. She is too
ease-loving to bother about anything
that others may say or do or have. She
Is too indolent to care save to be let
alone and, like the lotus eaters, eat,
drink, sleep and forget.
The luxury-loving woman should
have no duties devolving upon her. She
should be an only child, and an orphan
at an early age, later a bachelor girl
without kith or kin, as she will have no
thought save for herself, consequently
is better alone.
She should, above all things, have a
plethora of money that she may Indulge
her luxurious temperament.
Her mentality is rarely superior to
, the trashy novels of the day. Any
&eej>er line of thought would dislocate
'what little Intelligence she boasts.
*^-f BOX of candy, a novel and a few
f I down pillows axe all-sufficient to
I | make some women supremely
JL happy.
The love of luxury is but an
other phase of the selfish woman, with
the difference that the luxurious wom
an thinks only of herself at all times
and does not court luxury as a means
of gaining precedence or of spiting oth
ers; she has only the thought of her
self when reveling in the languor and
ease her nature craves.
Physicians are railing, though fruit
lessly, against the Increase of tea con
sumption, and many women are ac
credited with being tea inebriates.
That the deliciously insidious little'
leaves have a narcotic effect cannot be
denied, and many become so hopeless
ly addicted to the indulgence that in
time the effect becomes almost as per
nicious as the habit of alcohol. . Vvv
Luxury is not always a question of
wealth or environment, and some wom
en with hardly a penny to call their
own revel in a cheap luxuriousness
that embraces almost as much solid
comfort as princely wealth bestows.
Expensive luxury is, of course, more
elegant in its appointments, more pic
turesque In detail, but the woman who
loves her ease can enjoy it just as
thoroughly in a cheap kimono at a cost
of 79 cents as can the woman who
garbs herself In the finest embroideries
of the Orient •
The kimono has grown to be the ac
cepted symbol of indolence and luxury,
and few women are so bereft as not to
be able to possess one of the happy
looking, shapeless gowns, the very
Eight of which suggests ease and com
fort.
There ar« women who Ignore every-
Fads of Orientalism are rapidly In
vading all classes and tea drinking has
become in a manner a national insti
tution. There is hardly to be found a
young girl of any pretensions who has
not either a little kettle on a crane for
the purpose of tea making, or some
other more or less elaborate device by
which the fragrant decoction may be
brewed at a moment's notice.
A maid to wait on her and a friend
to pass the time with her is the sum
total of her ambitions.
The luxury loving ¦woman. If she be
¦wealthy, haa but one Idea of the enjoy
ment of wealth and that Is In the lazi
ness and languor of the very atmos
phere she breathes. She will not be
bothered by anything that requires the
effort of thought or with cares, and her
one aim in life is to make of it but suc
cessive scenes of eating, drinking and
sleep.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE
LUXURIOUS
WOMAN
11
A New Novel by Gyrus Townsend Brady
And "eight full p-ges of 'Cniistmas Fiction by eight prominent San Francisco
Divines cf; different den " minations are Just a few. of
; the strikingly original features in ther
NEXTSUND^Y-
FREE! • FREE! FREE!
Five-dollar bill to -he boy or
girl who guesses nearest the
number of peas In this bottle.THE SUNDAY CALL.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
A~ baby's cry —
A child's brief joy and pain—
A maiden's sigh —
And then a love's refrain —
A woman's tear;
When shattered idols fall —
And then the bier;
When death doth end it all.
• • *
— ?¦ ~**s4 OW that the football season is over
IV^3^^^£"3 college professors will please proceed
>*^£ [>fi to Ukc an mvcntorv °* anv brains
X^fvC ry 1 *' lzt arc * e * 1 han K' nfJ around to be
j-'Cj 11 ! educated. \ : * v
Jai^BBiaincnBdl A pair of squeaky shoes have been
cnown to holler louder than a town clock.
; \?*Z ¦¦;:'• *
Women who fairly sicken at the details .of a prize
ight will dislocate their necks trying to catch a glimpse
ti a real live prize-fighter.
• * *
The husbands of women now battling for the, rights
3f way in female clubs must be either tickled to. death
)r mighty sad and sorrowful over the figure wifey cuts.
• ¦ * . - • • <$ . '
People seldom reform until after they are too oM u>
3o anything else.
* * *
When a roan is sick or in trouble he is a regular
3ough baby. Any woman who kneads him can manage
he dough.
*; ;-;.'* : ".:•?_-.
- /• • • '¦'-''* ¦• : '~ : -~~-' "¦•',
Some people are never satisfied unless their good
qualities arc paraded before them with a brass band.
* * , • : 1
Women who howl about actresses are tickled to
ieatb if they can secure a specimen as an afternoon tea
ittraction.
» • • ¦*.- •
People who prate of modern degeneracy always keep
A-ell posted on the awful doings.
? * " • ", .
The follies of the rich run the newspaper presses.
* * *
The fellow who is always boasting of his nerve is
ihe first to turn pale at the sight of blood.
When divorced people want to remarry and ministers
of any creed decline the job of mating misery and matri
-nony, the particeps criminis need not be discouraged,
"here are others.
The difference between a man's club and a woman's
is that in the man's every one minds his own business,
while in the woman's everybody minds everybody else's.
» * *
The man who boasts of his courage is the first to be
come panicky if there's an alarm of fire.
* * '*
A man may silence the voice of inner consciousness,
but if his shoes squeak he may be caught in the act.
There are four sides to every question — the inside,
the outside, the right aide and the wrong side;- but don't
figure on any of them until you hear the other side.
* * *
When is a man too old to fall in love? That depends
on the woman. Any old girl who can stand senile lally
ffagging must have dislocated the clock works of her
belfry. Even the ubiquitous grass widow balks at senile
senility.
• • *
There is a long-winded moral lesson in the fact of the
Father of Greater' New York having been murdered in
a stage setting of sensational "coons."
• • •
When we attempt to buy love we pay dear, and are
never sure that the goods are delivered.
MARY AND THE
MILLIONAIRE
fj=^— =ra|OUNG ANDREW C LUCKYFELLER . had %> much
})^fsFV%k)W mone y that xt K av « him curvature of the llrain to
I think about iL Rea rcd in the lap of luxury and a
"V^f^fTrM rcnc^ nursc ' e a d never known what h was to have
• K^aIh \r\vL a W ' sh un S ratified » finless it was the wish to have a
rffiffiPs^'fl W^ Sh that could not be S rat ificd. Properly trained scions
l£iB&*'* a &M& of wealth, as he was, never cry for the unattainable,
because they are taught from the cradle that a thing that cannot be bought
is not worth having; later in life, they find out, in common with less
fortunate mortals, that few things that can be bought arc worth buying.
Steam yachts, private cars, cottages at Newport, daily newspapers and
other diversions of the very rich were playthings to him from his child
hood, and it never occurred to him that such trifles were not supplied
with each and every birth certificate, like a chromo with a can of baking
powder. ,
The elder Luckyfeller had begun life as an office boy plenipoten
tiary and butter-in extraordinary to a retired pirate, who was plying his
old trade under the guise of a promoter of mining — and undermining—
compani:s in South America. By a diligent attention to business and
the laws that govern human imbecility he had succeeded in acquiring a
large collection of coins of all denominations, mostly large, and an in
teresting case of chronic dyspepsia. When it came to a showdown the
dyspepsia held the winning hand, and the elder Luckyfeller snapped the
tape of his earthly ticker and departed for the land where promoters
cease from troubling and stockholders are at rest. His dutiful son laid
him tenderly but .safely away in a marble sarcophagus that resembled
a maison de canine «f the Elizabethan period, and engraved on the
front door the appropriate words, "Here lies," etc., so that it. might be
seen how little death had changed the old man. If the commonly ac
cepted belief' is true that the amount of treasure laid up in the land
to which *» is charitably assumed that Luckyfeller Sr. was bound is in
inverse proportion to the store accumulated on earth, it is a safe bet that
he overdrew his account the first day.
As young Andrew grew older and began to accumulate wisdom
and dividends, he discovered that there are only two kinds of women
in the world — those who are married and tlose who are not. These
two classes of females resemble each other in that they are both dis
satisfied with the state in which they find themselves and earnestly de
sire another; they are distinguished, however, by the peculiarity that
the unmarried wish to enter the state of matrimony, while the others pre
fer South Dakota. There are some exceptions, but they were not to be
found in the exclusive and high-toned society in which Andrew moved.
v As soon as it became generally, known that the Luckyteller numis
matic collection was, in need of a curator the rush of applicants began;
soon the string of potentialsacrifices on the altar of Hymen was as. long
as the line of grandfathers on the opening day of the circus. The entire
market of coin curators was thrown open to him and he was given his
choice of the highest product of America's best boarding-schools.: Two
stenographers and a private secretary were kept busy answering invita
tions to dinner and he had enough photographs of reigning— and hailing
— beauties to furnish all the rooms in the largest college dormitory on
record.
His tastes were studied with an industry, and a perseverance worthy
of a better cause — or a richer man. Did he express a preference for:
blondes, the market price of peroxide of hydrogen jumped three points
in two days, and the increase in golden-haired beauties was so notice
able that the city fathers began to consider the advisability of cutting
down the number r' electric lights.
At this point in the game a girl who wore the unassuming^name, of
Mary took cards. Mary was a' simple little thing just from the country
in the neighborhood of Tuxedo. She wore plain white dresses and
braided her hair down her back and was as oblivious of Andrew's : ex
istence as a cash girl in a. drug store of a fat man waiting for his change.
When Andrew was introduced to' her s.he eyed him coolly and calmly and
then resumed her contemplation of the sun setting behind' the oleander
on the front -lawn. A millionaire appeared to be of no more importance
to her than an income tax to the average j citizen. < -When ' the other I girls
would surround him and begin to throw verbal bouquets at him she
would heave in a t conversation brickbat -, or < two and then 'saunter, out, to
play tag with the children.or eaze on the face of nature.
It was the first, time, that he '; had. ever met a woman who didn't re
solve herself into a reception committee of one' the; first, time 'at bat and
FABLE FOR THE
FOOLISH
the situation impressed him as being unique in the financial bistorv of
his country. Hitherto he had been a seventeen-candle-power electric
arc and all the restVere but moths; with Mary, however, he was only
a two-for-a-cent taper and Mary was the snuffer. It was something new
to him to be able to talk to a woman without keeping one foot on the
floor ready to jump and run at the first sign of trouble. When he
asked her to take a spin with him in his new automobile just to kill
time and anything else that happened to get in the way she dug up a
headache and retired from the field in good order, accompanied by her
maid and a bottle of smelling salts. If he tried to throw up. entrench
ments and sit down alongside the works for a prolonged conversational
siege she would call in reinforcements in the shape of a maiden aunt
whom she had fished out of the matrimonial discard and he would flee in
utter rout. Even his steam yacht failed to soften her adamantine heart
and she treated his Newport cottage with scorn and contumely. The elder
Luckyfcllcr , had often assured him that the stocks that were held the
closest were the real gilt-edged, guaranteed 7 per cent article. If this
valuable maxim could be applied generally Mary was clearly the great
est dividend payer in the market.
This thought gave him fresh hope and the more she froze him the
more he froze to her. until. he was running her shadow a close second as
her steady company. If she consented to allow him to breathe the same
air with her for a few minutes he was bowed down with gratitude, and if
she smiled upon him his heart threw a double back somersault and land
ed on its feet. Finally, having tried all other expedients for making
himself interesting and agreeable, he asked her to share his hand. name,
income, steam yacht, cottage at Newport and also his heart. Much to
his^surprjse she took him up' after making a bluff at thinking it over. It
was .what she had been working for all the time, but he never knew it
and thinks to this day that she married him for love of himself alone. As
' though any one could really love a millionaire that way.
Mary's strong point, of which all truly earnest and ambitious young
women should take note, was that she had discovered by early and dili
gent study: of the /works of the late Mr. Solomon and other authorities on
amateur sport that .millionaires and other shy birds are exceeding wary
of nets that are' snread within the ranee of their immediate observation.
Cherry Blossoms.
Ah! lovely cherry blossoms white,
That answ'ring kiss the sunlight's glow,
Your petals cool the earth's green breast,
With showers pure of fragrant snow.
i
The north winds chill, you fade and die
(The fruit is born amid the strife),
As some sweet mother, frail and fair,
Who perishes in giving life.
* * ?
Never wear squeaky shoes. The squeaks were among
the loudest things recently heard in a New York divorce
suit.
* * * -.
Nowadays money not only talks, but it shouts
through a megaphone. »
* / * * . . - i ¦
Some people's good qualities are never discovered un
til after they are dead, when the corpse certainly does
not care.
* * *
The happiness of many a woman depends upon her
success in hatching mischief or raising a row in her
club.
* * * v
Some women accept matrimony as fate; others ap
ply for a divorce.
There are no free transportations to heaven. You
must paddle your own canoe beyond the dark shadows.
* * ?
Getting into debt is like shooting the chute — you've
got to keep on until you run the course. Getting out is
like the old arithmetic problem — if a frosr. in a tank of
water makes one leap and falls back two feet, how long
will it take to get out?
* • * *
The sweet kittenish little sweetheart of courtship
days often develops into a very logy* peevish old cat
after matrimony.
* * "*. -
It is astonishing how loudly the old skeleton in the
closet can manage to rattle its bones at precisely the
wrong time.
* * * : - v ;
The frirl who welcomes matrimony as the safety
valve from the thralldom of home will make hubby keep
pace at a pretty lively gait.
* * • ¦
Some people cultivate a ravenous appetite for picking
old bones of contention.
People always make excuses for getting married, but
seldom tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
* * 4r
The man with a big pocketbook is the possessor of
a little shriveled up old heart that would make a hickory
nut look like a football.
M * * *
Never chase anybody. You may find out somefhing
you don't want to know or that they do not want you
to know.
* * *
The woman who is busy minding other people's busi
ness seldom has time to mind her own.
* * *
People who indulge too extravagant pipe drfams
sometimes need a plumber or a trench digger to put
them in good sanitary condition.
We find out ail the bad about people when they ?.re
living; the good when they are dead.
If you want to know all about yourself, then run for
Never pose as an angel until you are sure that your
wings have sprouted a Rood crop of pin feathers.
* * *
If Mary had a little lamb, how much of its wool
would it take to make a pair of trousers?
12Now, he knew where the bulk of his
fortune belonged. Often In mind he had
contemplated the contingency, and al
ways had told himself there would be
nothing for It but cheerful surrender.
In actuality it would be far from cheer
ful. He had no vulgar greed, nor wor
ship of money, still It • would be hard
to get back Into the old ways of spare
living. Besides, if Mllly married Billy
Graham, the fortune would be only an
embarrassment. Billy was safe to come
Into a million. ¦ Why spoil his pretty
romance by making the girl of his
heart an heiress? Betty, blonde and
stately and beautiful, , would also
doubtless find in her face her fortune.
Might not he himself— Hardy broke off
there, . conscious of a sudden rising in
the region of the heart, Mllly. If only
Mllly were free. But he could not think
of supplanting Billy— even supposing it
lay in his power. Should he speak out
—with the chance of making himself
and those other two unhappy ever
after, or hold his peace and enjoy the
riches fickle fate had provided! After
all. he did not really know— the stone
cutter might easily have carved a hun
dred cameos. Then, too, was It certain
sweet 'MfHy was the heir? There might
b«_ others with a stronger claim of
blood. ; If she were in' poverty, in pri
vation even, he could not hesitate. But
that . could not be poverty which had
all the ease and delight of gen tie wom
anly existence, to say nothing of Billy
Graham and his prospects. Almost he
persuaded himself to hurry back to the
city, take out the accusing graven stone
and pound It to powder. Suddenly,
f ul cameo. He had half smiled over
the pattern of it, even though he
knew some heart tragedy lay back of
It He' had not told of hi3 find —
search for owners of such treasure
trove seemed so hopeless. He had
meant to ask his uncle's advice, and
be governed by It. Then that very
night came the dispatch — the good
uncle was dead, and Hardy his sole
heir. Altogether Fate seemed bent on
forcing him to keep what he had
found. He had kept It. accounting for
his change of estate by a true story of
inheritance greater than he had had
the right to expect.
somewhere high above his bead, a
robin sang clear and gay. The sound
brought back to him a country
church— himself a restless little boy.
sitting at his mother's side, and sud
denly growing calm as together they
got to their feet and repeated in uni
son with the rest the Lord's Prayer.
"Lead us not Into temptation, but
deliver us from evil." It rang In h!s
ears like the voice of a friend. He hal
flung himself face down upon mossy
turf. Instantly he was up. and racin?
back toward the Morris house fast as
his feet could go. There he burst in
upon Mllly and Betty, wild-eyed and
white-faced, but Joyous indeed, to'd
them everything:— making no reserve
even over hi3 temptation and how h?
had been saved from It and wound up
with: "Now my soul is at peace; I
can dance and be happy. Let thing*
stand until to-morrow, please' It
would be cruel, almost Inhuman, to
spring a sensation such as this, and
eclipse Aunt Harriet's party."
""We would never, never do that."
Mllly said Joyously. "She hates me
enough as it is— because Billy likes me.
She thinks as I do, he is quite wasted
on me. Indeed she said to him when
he told her we were engaged: 'Oh. you
idiot! "Why didn't you take Betty?*"
Billy asked himself that question be
fore the party wes over. He pot horn*
an hour before the guests assembled.
Betty was easily far and away the star
of them. All In filmy white, with
strands of dull red coral at her throat
and twined in her golden hair, she was
so ravishing it is small wonder Billy's
callow heart wavered. In the third
waltz he capitulated— lest his head
entirely, and was only savad from
making himse!f a pretty spectacle by
Betty's superior poise. Betty was
shrewdly observant — she had read
Hardy's face like an open book while
he waltzed with Milly. So she man
aged It that the four of them, should
meet in a shrubby nook outside the
dancing tent. There things straight
ened themselves, with hardly a word
spoken.' But next day with the great
news of Milly's fortune, the world
heard that she had lost a lover and
gained a brother In Billy Graham.
Hnidy drew bark embarraesed. Evi
dently he «•** hearing things not
tneort for stranff*r ears. He was on
the point of running away when a cry
of triumph, turning quickly to terror,
arrmed him. Instantly he darted for
ward—to x*e the mascot's owner tip
right and rigid, staring at a twig where
her bracelet hung Just above the head
of a colled and hissing snake.
"How ever shall I get it?" the girl
demanded. laying her hand appealingly
on his Arm, while Betty looked on
agh&ct. Hardy smiled down at her,
made a strobe or two with his stout
cane, flung away the writhing reptile,
then picked the bracelet out of its green
SLznb/ush and held it toward its owner,
saying easily. '"There, Miss Morris.
Now I claim, a reward. Ton are to
iq^g HOBO cravenly flies
I 'W > '5f2!5^i& mere discomfort oft
' •atlmes runs Into
4W/'i vwfT fialJ * er - John H * Tfl y
0 V/Cf^vi^ when, In an effort to
y », -r.rr^^S^SA escape the buttle of
preparations for his
tout's (Mrs. Graham) big party, he
took a tempting wood path and came
all unawares upon two very pretty
girls One stood, the moral and pattern
of Impatience; the other, half bent, was
eagerly searching through the grass
and tangle of the pathside, now part-
Ing its greenery with two slim white
hare*, now letting the hands fall at
her side, tvh!le ehe stooped lower, peer
ing at some small, bare space.
*"I can't come. Betty!" he heard the
sear'-her say plaintively. "You know
tbe braceltt's my mascot — Aunt Helen
es.id *o r. hea *he gave It to me — "
"A tr.ighty poor mascot." Betty re
tortr'J. "I'd throw It away rather than
wear It— rubbish thing. It's ten years
slrce you rot it. and we are Just the
sarr.^ — poor as church mice, yet bound
to J!% f it to the Morris name. Besides
rothii-C but bad luck could hang about
that little o!d up!y cameo."
"Then come home with us. ' Ask him,
Betty— Betty's head of the house,"
Hilly returned promptly. Hardy look
ed entreaty at Betty, who answered it
hospitably enough. Thus five minutes
later he found himself walking be
twee the two Into an adorable old gar
den, and on to a big, white silent
house, the very picture of restfulness.
"Yes, It is nice. I love it all— every
stick and stone and blade of grass,"
Mllly said when he exclaimed over
the charm of everything. "That's the
trouble," she went on. "I want to
live here always, and Billy says when
we are married and settled down it
will have to be over there. He ought
to have Betty, not me. She likes
things new and gorgeous and well
kept. If I had my fortune I wouldn't
change much here— only p*ut sound
posts to the gates and plant orchards
and — yes, and have a brand-new rose
garden that shouldn't put our old
flowers out of countenance—"
"Don't talk so, Mllly. Mr. Hardy
will think you're out of your head.
She does get a little that way when
you start her on her fortune," Betty
said, half severely, half apologetically,
the last words of course to Hardy.
For a minute he did not answer— he
was staring Intently it the cameo Jn
the recovered bracelet. "Let me look
at that, please," he said, holding out
his hand for it. "The carving is—
peculiar — still I seem to have seen It
before."
give me the first three waltzes to
night."
"Why! How do you know?" Mliicent
Morris began, amazed.
Hardy looked at her with twinkling
eyes. "You forget there is a speaking
likeness of you over Billy Graham's
mantel at Yale," he said. "That re
minds me— Billy's my cousin— I'm John
Hardy at your service— and Just now
seeking asylum from my natural or
unnatural protectors."
By Martha M. Williams
MILLY'S FORTUNE
CHARM OF A MASCOT BRACELET
A Fascinating Half-Hour Storiette
Two years had passed since the moon
smiled gayly down upon. the crowd of
dancers in the old native house, and
to-night it looked upon a similar scene.
Only Kaipo was not among the dan
cers. She stood in bridal robes leaning
against the* tapa cloth by the door.
• ¦ • •
been told tnat It took a brave man to
face death. It seemed to him just
then that It took a brave man to face
life— his life.
The vessel rounded Diamond Head,
and unable longer to bear the sight
he went below.
Did she think of one who leaned there
two years ago filled with woe and mis
ery? And to-night she was to marry
his iival.
On the southern end of the island of
Oahu lived a native man, and on Kal
po'a wedding night he was walking on
the shore, when he stumbled over an
Inanimate form. Stooping hastily, he
raised the body and dragged it into his
hut. "When the light fell upon the fea
tures he gave a scream:
"Kllawea! Holy mother, how came
you here?"
Recovering from the shock, yet
shrinking not, he forced some whisky
between the cold lips of the leper, and
as the man opened his eyes he waited
in stupefied amazement for Kllawea' 3
explanation.
"Likia you," gasped the thoroughly
exhausted man. "Oh. God Is good when
he sends to me a friend. I have es
caped." he muttered, looking around
fearfully; "escaped from Molokai."
"But, God, man, how? There are
miles on miles of ocean and you had
but a surf board!"
"True, but what is that" to a Hawa
iian? And besides," he said In a chok
ing voice, "it was Kaipo's wedding
night. They told me so two weeks ago.
The curling smoke rose from the
chimneys, the flags fluttered from tbe
steamers in the harbor. One large
transport returning to San Francisco
from "far away Manila was flyini a
long, narrow pennant, the pennant
meaning "Homeward bound." The hot,
scalding tears rushed for tbe first time
to his eyes. A flood of self pity swept
over him. What did those two words
mean to the hundreds of tired soldiers
on board? He thought of the ones left
behind, sleeping neath a. tropical sun
and envied even them. Yet he had
And the lone one on deck watohed
with streaming eyes until her form
faded away and then he turned his
eyes to the city and the green hills
beyond.
Paradise of the Pacific! Yes, for it
held his Eve, and he was leaving it
for hell!
"Ko, Kaipo," said an officer gently,
"you know it Is impossible for us to al
low you to sacrifice your life and spend
it with him. Kllwea here himself would
not allow It, even if he could."
She glanced at her lover's hopeless
face and finding that all persuasion
was wasted upon the hardened men
she snatched the cigarette from the
leper's mouth and, placing it in her
own, smoked It in utter defiance of the
officers.
At last It was over. The little steam
er pulled out — pulled out with only a
leper on board. Only a leper. Yet he
looked so strong, so young! If she
could only know that he was going to
take that long, long, last mysterious
sleep she would bear it. But that— oh
God! She clenched her hands and lean
ed against a post for support. ,
The leper boat rocked idly from side
to side waiting for the stricken. A
woman frantic and ungovernable plead
ed with the stolid officers to allow her
to accompany her lover, dhe clung to
him tenaciously and kissed him pas
sionately in spite of the efforts of the
men to tear her away.
Islands but one serpent. Glides he
along so softly in the tail grass that he
is not setn or heard. He has no warn
ing rattle nor does he coil before he
springs. His fang carries with it no
pain until the poison reaches the heart.
Black turns the blood and the rush of
it stupefies the brain and kills the
strength of llfe-^-hope. For this wound
there is no cure. Natives old and un
able to cope with the rush of olvlllxa
tlon welcome the sting of this serpent
and call it the "happy death." But to
the young and strong who see far
ahead of them long years of hopeless
ness, separated from all that makes life
bearable— what? Those bitten by this
Insidious reptile are carried away to an
Island of their own. On one side of their
settlement stretches the cold sea, on
the other side rises an insurmountable
cliff guarded by unsleeping watchers.
No escape seems possible.
On old grass mats to-day the story of
devotion is told and young native boys
think with envy of a man who could
swim those miles with only a surf
board on which to rest: and maidens
ponder deeply if ever there will be one
with whom they would go away to die
of love and starvation and that one a
Leper Leander.
One hour passed and then another
and the guests grew curious, then
alarmed. A search was instituted for
the bride, but though they searched
diligently and long no trace of her could
be found. The report that Kllawea
was missing reached Honolulu. But it
was generally supposed that he had
drowned himself on Kalpo's wedding
night, though his body was never
washed ashore.
A year passed and Honolulu was
\fllled with strangers. The story of
Kaipo was remembered only by a few
natives. One day an American of a
curious turn of mind, poking around In
some old caves, stumbled upon two
skeletons, one a male, one a female.
Also he found a strange old ring. En
graved upon It was the one word
"Kalpo." The story spread broadcast
of the escape of the leper and how he
had set out to take one last look at his
sweetheart.
He took a step forward expecting his
former sweetheart to raise hue and cry.
but she merely advanced slowly to
meet him with dreamy, fascinated eyes.
"I knew you would come to save m»."
she murmured softly, as he, forgetful
of those long burning days on Molokai,
clasped her in his worthless, though
still powerful arms. Love is mightier
than death.
Suddenly a figure in spotless whit*
stepped full into the moonlight. Ha
was about to run like a detected thief,
when, taklns another look, he recog
nized and was in turn recognized by
Kalpo. He felt the hot blood ru?h to
his head and in that wild pulsation
forgot that bJood was tainted.
and one keeper, he knew, and h!s heart
was not Quite stone. He helped me. no
matter how, to reach the water at
night. Gnce in the ocean, a e'ear
night, a strong heart, Hawaiian blood,
a Burf board, what more did I want'.""
The native nodded. He knew that
Kilawea had been In no danger of
Fharfcs as long as his body w«.s in mo
tion, and he knew that Improbab'e as
it might seem to others that With a
surf board en which to rest at inter
vals and a maiding star he could ea.«il:,'
swim throush the night. By morning
the island of Oahu could be seen and
by night reached.
"With a mighty effort the lad jra'led
himself together. In spite of the entrea
ties of his .'riend. and bested for a suit
of clothes. Heaping a thousand bless
ings upon tbe head of his deliverer, he
set out for the wedding.
As he hastened forward the familiar
scenes sent a twingelng pain to his
heart. Everything here was un
changed, but for him all was altered.
The very trees seemed to cry out "un
clean," and he rushed by in Sf'il'ty
flight. The garden usis reached. Foft,
luxurious strains of happy mu3lc
sounded in his ears in maddening mel
ody. She was within, the center of al!
attraction, and soon would be given
forever to his rival. What If he should
be too late? The stars blinked on as
Inscrutable as ever.
There Is on tbe beautiful Hawaiian
"A leper!" screamed Kaipo, bounding
from her bed, her eyes wide with hor
ror.
"Yes," said her mother sadly, "and
they say he has known It fo'r a long
time, and they take him away at 5
to-night."
The girl sank back upon the bed
nearly speechless. At last her lips
moved. -
"At I to-night," tbe mechanically re
peated.
..¦¦¦» i— ¦ .,4 1- -E trcp:rai zvn
¦jj ' '' '' n rM had fallen and
•»--Cs EwJl lh * air was h * aV3
F^V^S Esnf °<Jor of the flowers
;'-.^-<r _^M of Honolulu. In an
'i — "'""Titll'IM nil" old native house
the laughter wait
:< •; p. ard loud» The sound of euc&'aliee
no taro patches could be heaid ic
(u.i puiylng the voices tinging the Kua
This uaa bo ordinary feast, or "luau."
1 his was Ka'pn's birthday feast and
lh« pig enveloped in tl leavta and filled
v. ;ih hot ttonts had been baking In Ihe
mour.d for hours. The food bad beer.
!¦¦¦ :d on the floor of tb* long lani or
porch and each neighbor had brought
h»r best calabash to decorate the table.
For throughout the islands, from the
garden called Kauai on the north to
Hawaii on the nouih. no native girl was
more popular than Kalpo. With those
preat brown eyes she had turned the
hef.d of many a lad of her own race
SLCd after seeing her dance, for she
tvas a Hula maiden, many a haole or
¦^ hite man had begged her to be bis
bride.
But she had no thought save for Kil
awea, a fisher lad from the Isle of
Maul, even though of late he had
grown moody and morose and seemed
to studiously avoid her. And no more
did he touch her hand or beg a kiss at
parting, as In the days that were gone.
The sound of music Increased and
Kalpo's eyes were bright as she grace
fully kept time. to the sound; but not
even the plaudits of the whole company
could, keep away the dull pain at her
he-art as she glanced at Kllawea lean-
Ing sullenly against the tapa cloth by
the door.
Vainly she searched her brain for
the reason for this change in her lover.
Then a epirit of madness entering her
heart: she eroiled at his rival and beck
oned him to stand forth and finish the
dance with her. She saw her lover's face
grow etern with pain and he turned to
go Just as a stranger put his hand upon
his arm and whispered something to
him. The look of hopeless pain deep
en* d on his face and with one last
(r -. \'ff at the apparently joyous danc
eiR he strode out. accompanied by the
stranger.
The morning after the dance dawned
tz : .r £tid lovely. The beauty of a morn
irjB in the islands of the Pacific is past
description. One drinks deep of the
g!<n> of it. forgetting: the noonday heat
to folUixv in the blissful enjoyment of
the prrsf-nL.
Ka;no awoke with a load upon her
heirt- At flr»t *he thought it must be
«b» effect of some hideous dream. Then
the remembered Kilawea's face.
•¦Kaipo." (how <jueerly her mother's
voice sounded as she bent ever her)
"cettr. I know you can easily bear
what 1 have to tell you, for you and
Kilawea have not seemed good friends
of lete. The news has Just come. He
Bust so to Molokai. Kilawea is a
leper!"
THE STTN DAT ¦ CALL.
A LEPER
LEANDER
13
"No, you haven't," Mllly said con
fidently, but handing over the bauble.
"There Is Just one more like It, and
Aunt Helen had that. Her ship went
down, with all on board— that's why I
haven't got my fortune. It's some
where, all In gold and Jewels, but Just
where nobody knows or can find out.
I'm named for her, daughter that died.
The bracelets were carved for poor
Cousin Milly. She made the design
herself. See, it's a star, and a new
moon, with a flower dropping down.
To think of having everything you
want and dying at 20." > ,
"It is rather tragic," Hardy ad
mitted. Then for five minutes he
studied the cameo closely, and at last
gave.lt back with a face pale and pre
occupied. Rallying. gallantly, he
talked brightly through half an hour.
But" once again In the woodpath he
sat down for a sturdy wrestle with
his own soul. He lived over again the
day 'when the sea had cast up treasure
at his feet He was alone — it was
seven years back, after a phenomenal
storm. He had stood at the very edge
of the hungry ' breakers, watching
them rave and roar, when IT swept
tumbling in — the' brass-bound oaken
/chest, full of gold arid bank notes, and
precious stones, unset, many uncut.
There had been no name, no mark
anywhere— only at the very bottom of
all, wrapped in t silk, a bracelet, a
slender hoop of gold set with- a fahcl-
oooooQooocceooodooae©®©®**©©©©®©®©©©*©©©©®©*©©*®©©©©©©©©©©®® 0 ** 0^ 0 *^
: SEE THE BEAUTIFUL PICTURES |
o Eight Pages of Christmas Fiction by Eight of San Frandsco'i Most Prominent Divines |
§ JUST READ SOME OF THE FASCINATING TITLES e
f The Madonna of Alaska A Yuletide Beatitude V An Allegorical' Romance J
• By REV. FATHER SEBASTIAN By JOHN DE P. TELLER By RAB3I MYERS •
• Sunshine in the Moonshine Country /A Circuit Rider's Christmas •
gt', By REV. ERNEST L. VALZ ;^; : ByREV. GEO. L^ WHITE g
• . .Besides all this there are pages oh pages of other bright Christmas . features in the J
2 ii u 1 "iV.iuMin.m'. "' ' "'• "...V"'.' v' . ' '"' "' """ '"""" "¦;';'• ;"'" *'" "' ' ' /. ". q»
I ..CHRISTMAS CALL—NEXT SUNDAY;. |
oee©©o©©oe©©®Q©93*«©«©©©*©©©©e©©o®o©©©©oe©©©®©©©©©©©©©©e«©9©©»©©©©©©ry^n?^ -r _ jj. :^A O-DAY In the calendar of the church Is termed All Saints'
I i V^yTS^S^V* if day. It 't the one day in the year when believers turn
'••*^r/ mi'i5>>-ii their thoughts and their prayers toward that innumer-
1 1 V*\* ' f,%\ i'/JL* »•» able multitude of souls who have passed into the Silent
b'CV^tl^Oil Land, in comparison with whom the millions who now
h^CvWf/f^h inhabit the earth are but a handful. It Is a beautiful
! | Qj/£=Q'\(jt S an 3 holv custom growing out of the irrepressible Instincts
L^^Sts«e»32vw of the human heart, which cannot, will not, let go of
thoce whom it has once lov«*d and lost. It means or may mean much to
all whose dearest ones have been taken from them, whether they have long
walked a lonely and sorrowing way or whether only last week came the bolt
from the clear sky which has prostrated them with grief.
"Mamma, where do people go when they die?" This question, which
springs to the lips of almost every child as soon as It begins to think at all. Is
Eti'l with us and still unanswered. What would not that merchant prince
who lost the other day the beloved companion of many years give for an
answer? How quickly and i-agerly that young mother who has just laid
away in the grave her baby would fare forth across the seas to distant lands
if she there could find out where her darling is to-day. But no sphinx or
oracle discloses the secret. And I am not so foolish as to think I can give
anything like a definite or satisfying answer, but certain beliefs, or if you
p r efer to call them hypes, are crystallizing into convictions in my mind and
they bear upon the underlying problem and illuminate it to some extent.
One is that the dead are somewhere. The very form of this age-long
question implies that. One a?ks instinctively about the person who has Just
stopped breathing, not "Why has he ceased to be?" but "Where has he
pone?" That strong, commanding spirit who only recently was the most vig
orous among us must still be eomewwhere. In the early days of this coun
try, when people emigrated from New England to the distant West, relying
Eolely on emigrant wagons, their friends who bade them good-by knew that
they might not hear from the travelers for months, perhaps not for years, but
they did not on that account think of them thereafter as non-existent. The.
long wait for us who have lost friends by death; the awful silence seems some
times unbearable, but the greatest wrong we can do ourselves or them is
• to think of : them as anything but living, growing, developing souls some
where in God's universe.
And they are doubtless better off. The apostle Paul thought so at any
rate, and he^seems to have had special information on the matter.' When
we consider the physical and the moral risks to which a human being is sub
ject in this imperfect world from babyhood to. old age, when we reflect upon
the contagion of disease, th* liabilities to accident, .the inherited maladies,
the pitfalls in the path of hlm.who would.be good, when we think 6f man's
inhumanity to man and the large domains of life where cruelty/ tyranny
and lust still hold sway, we can at least hope and 1 expect that the "other
room" into which God takes his children one by,one;is free from some of
the evils that blight .this oarth and that there .the average ,soul is, freer,
"happier and holler. Certainly, all the evolutionary processes and tenden
cies at work in this present world look as If they made for something bet-'
ter and higher hereafter. Helen Hunt voiced this faith In the sweet poem
beginning:
Mother, I see vou with your nursery flight,
Leading your. babies all in white,
;To their sweet rest;
Christ, the: good Shepherd/ carries mine to-night,
And-thaitjis bestr
But how about rewards and punishments? How about the sharp division?
Well t there are divisions here and ;it;is forever true that a man to be happy
in heaven must have a h?avenly' mind; t.There is a solemn truth in the re-'
ply which a wise man made to the flippant question,', "Where" does all the sul
phur In the Infernal regions come from?*' "Each man," said he, "brings his
own." The place where peop'e go when they die is determined not by a harsh,
powerful despot, but by a loving personal will and the degree to which a hu
man being has brought his life Into conformity with it. THE : PARSON.
the camp. Well, Jose w«s dead. His
heart was no iise to him, and It didn't
hurt him to take it out, so I opened
him and got It, and I carried It Into
that mescal shop and I set up the
drinks on It and I said 'I was lookin'
"Wan. I'll tell you how that was. I
did that because I was merciful. I did
that to save human life. There were
four Greasers of them and they had
put up a job to rob me of the gold I
gathered on Antelope Hill, and one of
them got full of mescal and told his
woman, and she told Carmellta — that's
my wife — and so I got to know about It.
The plan was to ambush me and kill
me, and then get the gold, which they
knew. I had up at the ranch home.
Wall, I jlst went down to Wlckenburg
and there I saw Jose Gonzales— he was
the leader of the gang— loungln* In the
road In* front ° f a mescal shop. I
walked up and got my back to the wall
of the adobe bulldin' so that the other
Greasers couldn't get me from behind,
and I sung out to Jose to get out his
gun. I could have got him where he
stood before he could have lifted bis
hand, but I treated him dead squar. I
give him the first shot, which he never
come nigh me, and then I tumbled him
over, r didn't fire but once — 'twant nec
essary. Jack Swilling never misses. He
was plumb dead when I went* up to
hfm. Now, I knew there were three
more of them Greasers and I had either
to kill them all or to skeer them out of
I'd *a* starved, I reckon, for nobody *ud
give work to a man as had laid In Jail
for robbery. Hain't I got a claim agin
the Government for my time for those
months? No? Hell! Hain't I got a
claim agin Wells, Fargo & Co., for they
put up Evans to arrest me? No? Jlst
got to swallow It all, have I? I reckon
bo, myself, ana I Just came In to say
to you that Jack, before he. died, told
me to see you and thank you for what
you did for both of us, and he made ma
promise that somehow I'd pay you, and
I will." I assured the poor man that I
had no charge against him. "Well,
that don't matter." said he. "My word
to Jack Is out. I ain't got no money,
but I'll pay you, barrin' one thing. If
"Wells, Fargo &¦ Co. stop carrying bul
lion I can't pay you; otherwise I will.
I've been locked up and starved for
months by Wells, Fargo & Co.. Just for
nothln*. They owe me something. Oh.
I'll collect It. and I won't go to law
about It, nuther. I never have took a
crooked dollar from anybody In my life,
but I'm goin' to change my system now.
Oh, I shan't talk that way to anybody,
and you Jest- forget that t talked so to
you. Good-by; you'll haar from me
again."
And I heard from him about a week
afterward. A man answering to his de
scription was riddled with buckshot by
Wells. Fargo &. Co.'s guard In an at
tempt to hold up the Tucson stage.
WHERE DO PEOPLE GO WHEN THEY DIE?
Lithe and graceful as a panther, with
long black hair floating clown his back.
Jack Swilling, robed in buckskin and
looking like tha frontispiece of a dime
novel, glided into my office In Prescott
one June morning more than twenty
years ago, in the custody of a United
Ft?tcs Deputy Marshal, and expressed
a desire to retain me for the defense
in the case of the United States against
Swilling and another charged with rob
bery of the United States mails.
Jack was a Texan, a waif of the Con
federate army, a scout, a hunter and
a rancher, with a large Mexican wife
and a small band of Mexican cattle.
It was charged "against him and his
hired man and companion that on a
difference between the constitution of
a Slate and the constitution of the
United States?" The posted applicant
always replied, "The one is a grant of
power and the other is a restriction on
power." But this applicant had not
been posted, and he answered with dif
fidence. "Well, thar ain't much differ
ence, except that one is a heap bigger
than the other." The Chief Justice
nervously fingered his mustache, but,
anxious to help the poor fellow along,
he propounded the Interrogation in an
other form: "By what right." said he,
"does the Legislature of the Teriitory
of Arizona enact laws?" Now, the
Legislature was in session. , It had
passed several laws in brazen defiance
or disregard- of Its own organic act,
and of the constitution of the United
States.. Its members stood ready at
any time to make, for a sufficient cash
consideration, a bill of sale of the entire
Territory. Its daring and its enterprise
were well known to the candidate; so
with right arm outstretched he ex
claimed In a sepulchral voice, "By the
right, your Honor, of eminent domain."
The Chief Justice groaned and sig
nled to Associate Justice de Forest
Porter that he might complete the ex
amination. Poiter, who was as fond
of fun as a boy of 14. pulled on a grave
face and said, "What, sir, is the rule
Jack" had a penchant for collecting
and giving burial to the bones of plo-
\ Jack had a reputation as a desperado,
which -he had fairly earned, but he
was a braggart, as well as a bravo, and
when in his cups would avow that he
had committed every robbery and
murder that had been perpetrated in
California or Arizona. Yet he was
known to be as honest a fellow as- ever
lived, and though his homicides were
many, he, had always; on examination,
been exonerated -as having acted in
self-defense. '¦ : ¦
and there was no money. In the mail
sacks. Upon' this evidence he was ar
rested and brought before 'the United
States Commissioner for a preliminary
examination.
certain night they had stopped, the
coach near Wickenburg and robbed It
of the express box and several sacks of
mail. The men who accomplished the
robbery were masked. The trail ¦ of
their horses was traced Into Wlcken
burg, and Jack and his companion were
in Wickenb.urg early next ¦ morning,
forty miles or more from Jack's cattle
ranch. When news of the robbery
reached Prescott, Jack was drinking
in a saloon and he immediately gave
it out that V he was the robber, but
averred that he got nothing by It, for
he scorned to rob unarmed passengers,
in Shelly's case?" A cloud crossed the
brow of the candidate. He slowly
opened his tobacco box as he replied,
"Well, your Honor has got me at last,
for I'm d — -d If I know."
When the Judges discussed the ap
plication in their chambers. Judge Por
ter said, "Let us admit him. He's a
good citizen. He killed three Apaches
in a running fight in Tonto Basin.
He can't do any harm practicing among
the Mormons In his outlying county,
and besides you know he answered
that last question correctly."
He was admitted.
neers who had been killed by the
Apache Indians. Years before one
Colonel Snively was killed on Antelope
Mountain by hostile Indians. Several
expeditions had endeavored to find
Snlvely's bones without success and
finally Jack announced his determina
tion to make a personal search for
them. So taking a bag In which to
transport them, when found, he mount
ed his bronco, and" accompanied by his
hired man, departed on the search.
He did not find the bones and that
night, the stage was robbed and this
coincidence,. together with the fact that
the robbers had a bag In which they
carried . away , their plunder, was suffi
cient" to cause' the arrest of Jack and
his' hired ¦ man.'^^^^S^Sp
'."Air you at yourself," said Jack, as
he was seated : in the Commissioner's
office awaiting^ the arrival of that of
ficer to proceed with the. examination,
"for' you will heard some hard'thinga
about me, and mabbe I had better ex
plain matters a little. What have you
heard about .me?" ;
'•Well, Jack," said I, "It Is alleged
ihat you 'have killed thirteen men.";
"That£ Just the way they lie about a
man— the , hounds," said he. ¦"'! pledge
you my word r have only killed nlney
not. countin' of Injuns, of cose."
"It is said that after killing a Mexi
can at Wlckenburg you cut , his heart
out ; and carried, it around the saloons
and ' made ' everybody ' drink to s It."
for Jose's pans' and that niy word wu
out to add three more hearts to my
collect!oh".,before morning? Wall, my
plan to save the lives of them other
three Greasers worked like a charm.
They sot out their broncos and started,
and they never stopped runnln* till
they reached the . Mexican line."
Jack was discharged by the Magis
trate, It being: shown that the robbery
occurred in an adjoining county. He
was rearrested and spirited away by
the Deputy Marshal at daylight on
Sunday morning and before a writ of
habeas corpus could be got out was
Incarcerated In the Yuma JalL Year
before Jack had been scalped and his
skull broken in a fight with tha
Apaches. He was trepanned and a sil
ver plate Inserted. At times this gave
him great pain, which he was accus
tomed to alleviate by the use of mor
phine. Either through Ignorance or
malice the Jailer at Yuma withheld
from him his usual doses of morphine
and he died a few weeks later In awful
agony.
Months afterward one of tha perpe
trators of the robbery -was discovered
and confessed and sentenced to four
teen years' imprisonment.
Jack's companion In misfortune came
Into my office one day. travel-stained
and thin as a skeleton. "You heard.**
eaid he, "as how they got the robber.
That Deputy Marshal knew all the time
who It was that robbed the stags and
where to find him. He was In with
them, I guess, and he tried to put It o£f
on Jack and me. Jack died In Jail and
trtey ltept me there until last week;
when they turned me out. I have been
there for months." "Did they pay your
passage home?" said I. "Pay nothln'.
They Jest turned me out without a shirt
or a blanket and left me to walk home.
and I have walked nigh onto 200 miles.
- and only I had a few dollars they took
from me when they arrested me and
give back to me when they let me go.
The Judges laughed at the story and
Judge Silent passed the examination
along to Chief Justice French. Dear,
old, honest, esteemed and self-esteemed
Charles Grattan Wilberforce French,
as he loved to sign his name on hotel
registers, had one question which he
always propounded to applicants, and
tf it was answered in accordance with
the tenets of Jeffersonlan Democracy
all went welL "What." said he, "is the
Residing at 7221 North Clark street,
Chicago.
• They were tin-horse sports
and welched on the embalming bill.
The doctor, in order to get his pay,
will sell 500 tickets at 30 cents each,
and when sold there will be a grand
raffle for the remains. TAKE A
CHANCE. The winner can start a
dime museum with the captain.
"Doc. Thompson had a photograph
taken of the captain In his box with
the inscription and sent it to the Chi
cago relatives with a letter stating that
he intended to send the Cap. on to the
World's Fair for exhibition as an Ari
zona manufacture. It worked, your
Honors, it worked, and the Doc. got his
money without troubling either the es
tate or the administrator."
This is the Stiff of Captain Jenks,
mummified by order of his
sorrowing relations.
Doctor Thompson
Specimen of Arizona Embalming by
EXHIBIT A
The applicant having served as Pro
bate Judge was supposed to know
something of probate law, and Judge
Silent was willing to help him pass the
ordeal of examination, so he shifted his
base, and the next question he asked
was, "Is the undertaker's bill a claim
against the estate or a claim against
the administrator?" "Against both
until the coffin man gets his money,"
eald the applicant, "but Doc. Thomp
son down to Tucson got his cash
through my advice, when neither the
administrator nor the estate had a
red cent. You see, when old Captain
Jenks pegged out. his relations in Chi
cago telegraphed Doc. Thompson to
embalm the remains. The doctor had
been an army surgeon and he em
balmed old Jenks in good shape, so
that he looked as natural as life and
was as sweet as a nut. The railroad
company would not take the mummy
without being paid fr^i^ht charges in
advance, so Doc. wired the Chicago re/
lations to send en enough stuff to pay
freight and embalming charges. Would
your Honor believe it, them Chicago
relations welched and wouldn't put up
a cent. AH that Jenks had when he
crossed the ridge was fifty cents in
cash and the pallbearers took that
for drinks. Doc. Thompson applied to
me as Probate Judge to have the coun
ty of Pima pay his embalming bill.
Well, I had no right to do that, but I
told him what to do: so he put old
Jenks in a nice varnished redwood case
with a glass front, and he painted on
the front a sign which read:
"What," said Judge Silent, "would
you do if in response to the verified
complaint of your client in an action on
a promissory note, the defendant filed
an unsworn general deniai?" "I would
move for a nonsuit," was the calm re
ply. What he intended to say was
doubtless that he would ask for a Judg
ment for his client. What he did say
was, in effect, that he would dismiss
the case and abandon the claim.
*7y PPLICATIONS for admission to
/ I the bar of the Supreme Court
f~ I of Arizona by examination have
X always been infrequent, as the
demand for legal talent was usually
supplied by importation from Califor
nia or the East. When Phoenix, Ari
zona, some years since, was enjoying
her fiist boom as a sanitarium, a dis
gusted disciple of Biackstone re
marked. "If th:s influx of lungiess and
liveriess lawyers is to continue I mean
to light out. It has got ?o that if one
of toy clients wants a mortgnjre fore
closed, he passes by my office and takes
510 and goes down to the County Hos
pital, ard with it hires one of those
blizzard escapes to do the work be
tween coughing ppells."
The Supreme Court in those days
was seldom strict in its examinations.
Indeed, it was exceedingly complaisant.
At the January. 1SS0. session of the
court, thtre applied for examination a
gentleman who had twice served as
Probate Judge of his county, and who
was supposed to possess some little
smattering of law. He was exceedingly
popular, and relying partly on thi3
fact, partly on his record as a patriot,
and partly on his personal friendship
with the Judges, he applied for admis
sion without having previously burned
any great quantity of midnight oil.
Cactus
Jurisprudence.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
RECOLLECTION AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH.
14Q. ISITORS strange and jolly have arrived in Pumpkinton,
j >\.' ** And already they the favor of the hosts have fairly won.
U*4 W They are honored guest, at parties and fancy balls and
I And the consideration shown them is appreciated much.
I /£ Their names are odd and funny and their disposition
+J^~<J-*JX\ And they are loudly cheered when they appear upon a
<WHifffcrf x street.
A telegram they jointly sent announcing when they'd come,
And Crookneck Squash was chosen to show them Pumpkinton.
Scms came in fancy baskets and some in boxes strong,
And th?y spent their time in merriment, in laughter, play and son s . >
They were greeted tt the station by folks from everywhere,
And the Mayor of the village combed the cinders from their hair.
The very eloquent Grandpa Prune, in a few well-chosen lines,
Extended warmest welcome and hoped they'd have good times.
The visiting delegation had Paw Paw for its head,
And in responding to the welcome he with greatest ieeling said:
"We have come to seethe sights and to have the jolliest fun,
And we know that when we go away we'll all love iPumpkuiton.'*
Crookneck Squash thought out a plan to make a lot of money
And enjoy in all his later days his share of milk and hdney.
He lined the visitors in a row and. made some photographs,
- ' ¦ •
On which they very gladly wrote their funny autographs.
He sold the pictures at high price and demand for them was grett,
And 'tis said «the profit netted was a dollar twenty-eight,'
The visitors all were labeled before Crookneck snapped a that.
Thus preserving the identity of the members of the lot. '
The party led by Paw Paw included Cumquat sweet.
He was an orange-like Chinese, quite dwarfish and petite*
Paw Paw explained that Cumquat went well with salad dressing.
And said that to dyspeptics he could always be a blessing.
Another of the party was Senor Avocado Pear,
Who hailed from Porto Rico, where the atmosphere is rate.
:He was big and strong "and husky, and Paw Paw said that ha
Was always quite a favorite at a luncheon or a tea.
Still another vrzs Sapodilla, a mushy sort of fellow,
Who came from sunny Cuba in a suit of brownish yellow.
"Sap," as he was known at home, was fitted, so they say/ /
To drive away rheumatic pains any or rainy day.
'Tis said that down in Cuba land, Sapodilla's in high favor,
And almost everybody likes him and his appetizing flavor.
Chestnut Squash, another of th'e'party led by P. Paw,
First saw the light of day in the land of gallant Thebaw.
He was dainty, sweet and handsome in his suit cf stripes and yellow,
And at dinners boiled or baked he was a most engaging fellow.
Mr.. Jerusalem Artichoke, from somewhere 'way down South,
: Had many eyes and noses, with here and there a mouth.
"Jerush" Was far from handsome, but he had most charming ways.
And was always very popular on big boiled dinner days.
Chili Pepper and "Little Hot,"^bVothers small in size,
Could at almost any time bring teardrops from the eyes.
The. Peppers love the kitchen and the smell of cooking things,
And often they spend months, and months there on the wall in stria j*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
15
THE WONDERFULL
KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS,-> NE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES. JUST THINK OF THAT, CHILDREN. FROM 2ST0W
f \ ON EVERYBODY WILL HAVE A CHANCE TO WIN. I
t I wasn't it a bi*' surprise— A really Remarkable offer— and you didn't expect it, did youf Of
course not. From Sixty to One Hundred and Fifty Prizes is a tremendous big Jump, isn't it? But it i*
just these .sorts of surprises that keeps the interest in this page at fever heat. You don't have tim« to
get tired of one thing before something new happens. The excitement of trying to guess what will
happen next is quite as thrilling as. the fun of solving the puzzles themselves. And thos« puzzle*
were -never worth solving more than they are to-day. Just think of it again. ONE HUNDRED
AND FIFTY PRIZES. And the prizes themselves? Well— JUST READ THAT NEW LIST BELOW.
Why you never were given such an excellent incentive to work, and work hard, as now. Every one of
those books has a landscape cover in multiple, colors. They are the most expensive Christmas book of
this edition that you can buy. " Indeed they are a special edition secured expressly for the lucky winners
in these contests. ;< Just think of that, will you?
;></And then there are those Superfine French Paints. Just think of the Christmas present* you
can make with those. . And besides all this there is the Honorary Gallery of Prize Winners.
So remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but to get
your picture published as well. - The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners from now on to send in their
pictures— the whole 150 every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier.
There can't be too many. But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
Each of the Nine Pictures in this, the Second contest of the Sixth Series, represents a different
Kind of Bird. Can you guess?' Ah I There is rich reward for you if you can.
ThVBssv Chance Ev^ OfFe^d the B^Sht Chftc^n
Who Can S° T^e These puzzT^.
SEND IN YOUR PICTURES.
CT^ HESE are the names of the
I 'sixty lucky children who won
• |v prizes in the puzzJa contest—
the Names from Mother Goose —
, -
published in The" Sunday Call of
November 29:.
Hugo Kaiser, Melrose; Bennle
Knight, 32 Church street, Santa
Cruz; Ealph' Stanley, 1748J4 Market
street, Oakland; Julia' Fast, Santa
Cruz; Dorothy Stevens, 278 Ninth
street, Oakland; Loomis Steiny, 329
East .' Magnolia 6treet, Stockton;
Thelma Whitehurst, Gilroy; Ethel
Berkhout, 169 Corbett avenue,- San
Francisco; Waldo Bacon, 1106 Bush
street, San Francisco; Ray Miller,
20 Pearl street, San Francisco; Ruth
Chrisman, Clements; Sidney duett,
1521 Ben ton street, Alameda; Baril
Gardiner, 124 Frederick street, San
Francisco; Gladys Sitton, 608 M
Street, Sacramento; Rosalind Rosen
berg, 36 Maple court, San Francisco;
Budd Rosenberg, 38 Maple court,
San Francisco; Alonza Fisher, Lath
rop; B. Simmer, 622 N. Union street,
Stockton; Darlene Season, East Au
burn; Preston Snook, 402 Plymouth
avenue, Oakland; Olive Bennett, An
gels; Melbourne Gilbert, 3366 Nine
teenth street, San Francisco; Bolon
Orislo, Placerville; Marjory Fisher,
San Jose; Bessie Cantley, 1370 Green
street, San Francisco; Naoniu Gensen,
2313, Howard street, San Francisco;
Adele Lesser) 1217 Geary street, San
Francisco; Dora Elson, Benida; Fred
Leek, San Jose; Frank Ogburn, Hil
ton; Edna Hill, 2626 J street, Sacra
mento; Esther Clifford, South Val
lejo; Laura Forster, 626 Ehotwell
street, San Francisco; Roscoa Watts,
410 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Ralph Brown, Hilton; Emily Watkin-
Ecn, Corning; Keine Martin, 805 Six
ty-third street, Oakland; Grace Snow,
Dimond; Zella Hodgkins, Marysville;
M. McMan, 1611 Alcatraz avenue,
Berkeley; John Paolina, Stockton;
Josephine McNeil, 260 Lexington
avenue, San Francisco; C. Allendorf,
227 Hartford street, San Francisco;
Willie Sutherland, Virginia City,
Nev.; L. Santini, Stockton; Delia Fre
richa, Tracy; Ed Wilcox, 263 Third
street, Oakland; James Goldworthy,
Gold Hill, Nev.j Adrian - Murray,
Larkspur; Jennie Andrews, 64 Va
lencia street, San Francisco; Dorothea
Allan, 632 North Third street, San
Jose; Harold Youcham, 2629 Folsom
street, San Francisco; Harold Akera,
1656 Bu3h street, San. Francisco;
Ruth Johnson, Tiburon; Anna Lad
dfeh, Banicia; Gladys Johnson, Santa
Cruz; Mert Wilson, Vallejo; Mary
John, San Pablo; Bessie Margey,
1326v; Natoma street, San Francisco;
Charles Forster, 2516 Folsom street,
San Francisco.
THESE ARE
THE SIXTY
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF NOV. 29.
THE- SUNDAY C AI*Ts.
And now listen carefully: THESE ABE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is
what you must do to win one of them: . .
Tind the names of Nine Different Kind of Birds represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this
page, and write them out hi full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for
the* purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and ad
dress and the prize you desire— if you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EDI
TO3 OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal.
; .. REMEMBER— To the FIBST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve
the Nine Nanur Puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES
will be awarded^" • . ¦.
And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: AIX ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything on. this page, to- be-sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE BIG CHRISTMAS
EDITION OF THE SUNDAY CALL TWO .WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, December 27.
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solva all th«
puzzles correctly: A' Dog of Flanders, by Ouida; The Chimes, by Dickens; Black Beauty, by Sewell; In
His Steps, by, Sheldon; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; Bab and His Friends, by Brown; Knicker
bockers* History of New York, by Irving; Hawthorne; Paul and Virginia,
by Saint Pierre; The Prince of the House of David, by.Ingraham; A Christmas Carol, by Dickens;
J.CJole,' by" Gellebrand; Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; Old Christmas, by Irving; A
Child's Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; Jessica's First Prayer, by Stretton; Christie's Old Organ, by Wal
ton; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; The Cricket on the Hearth, by Dickens; Laddie and Miss Too
ley's Mission. Ht9S§HBH|H
!' OR A BOX OS 1 SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
16
NAME PUZZLES
150 PRIZES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
ihe Fuzzle Editor,
Lurday Call, S. F.
To Puzile Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Pclow in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names cf Nine Different
Kinds cf Birds represented in
this week's Name Puzzles.
1 •••*
o
3 .........«««••
4 •••'
5
6
7
8
9
December 13, 1903.
2Js=i;
Street or P. 0. .'....
City -
Stats •
If I win I choose for prize
I See List of Prizes.)
Watch for the Beautiful Pictures in The GalFs Big Christmas Number Next Sunday.ENGLISH POLICE COURT LAWYER BECOMES AN ALLY OF THE SULTAN
AND IS NOW ENGAGED IN TEACHING THE RELIGION OF MOHAMMED
LONDON, Dec- 12.— Although the 6ul
an of Turkey is not exactly a popular
haracter among English-speaking
oik he bears us no ill will on that ac
ount and hopes to heap coals of fire on
Sultan of Morocco has also honored him
in various ways.
Quilliam Is not a priest, for there are
no priests in the Moslem religion. -H«
is merely a kind of glorified registrar
WILLIAM HENRY QUILLIAM, SHEIK OF .LIVERPOOL AND CLOSE
FRIEND OF, THE SULTAN OF TURKEY.^ NOW PROSELYTING IN
-ENGLAND FOR THE CAUSE OF MOHAMMKDAXISM.
. With * so * mariv * ways * for, the > funds
which: usually f find: 'their,, way. Into
amusement,.JtVis evident ; that .a good
share of •society: will continue to^re
trenchtfof Bome-tlme to come, and the
spend some time in more than one of
the delightful, towns' which border the
blue -Mediterranean. To meet a favor
ite nephew who wiii.be landing in Italy
with* his bride, ' a i. Miss Leeds of , Bua-
land, many society folk are taking, ad
vantage of it to save the expense and
trouble of entertaining private partfes
in* their own: hc-mes, With the facili
ties now. offered by the leading restau
rants any one can serve dinner to any
number . of guests with ¦; as much or as
little privacy as he desires, and .many
persons of position are taking advan
tage of the idea. Aside from the econ
omy^" In . the- dinner itself./ dress is. a.
factor worth considering, : for it is gen
erally conceded that gowns for restau
rant wear need '"not' be quite.so fine as
those necessary! In one's own home.
outlook for the immediate future is'
anything but brieht.
/General Jacob rfurd Smith." U. S. A..
and his wife have arrived in London
from . Paris and are staying at the
Thackeray Hotel. General Smith H
traveling: solely for the purpose of ob
taining-a much needed rest from his
forty. odd- years of service to his coun
try, and ¦ is ; en joyinpr London and the
meeting ef old friends to the full. Af
ter a few- days here the general and
Mrs. Smith will return to Paris to stay
for a- couple of weeks before going
south to the Riviera, where they will
LONDON; Dec. 12.— The London so
ciety-woman's latest craze for "arm
dogs"— that is. pets small enough to
be ¦ carried • across 'the arm, has called
attention - to r the rapidity with which
"styles" in dogs have changed here of
¦late. Sot frequently, in fact, has the
vane of • popularity swung ; from one
breed-to another -that the dealers do
not know -what to expect from one day
to the next. ' Only :a short time ago
: the = ugly,- little '(Belgian griffons were
the craze, but society soon*, tired of
them and took up another diminutive
breed, the chows. The; chows' popu
larity, however, was as short lived as
that of the griffons, for when the first
Japanese pug made its appearance re
cently, milady had no use for anything
else.'" /¦-'-'.' ¦ •¦ ' - '¦* ¦-
.The present, revival, of 'the old fash-
London Fashionables ; Indulge jj Their
New Vagary, Which Leads to
"Styles" In Canines. '-
"ARJI i DOGS" THE LATEST
FAD OF SOCIETY-' WOMEN
William Strang, the Scottish painter
who has just been commissioned to
paint the portrait of Joseph Chamber
lain, has been invited to give a series
of lectures on art In America. Wil
liam Strang will leave England for
New York in December and win stay
in that city for one month. From there
he intends to go to Chicago for a
month, giving several lectures there,
and will then make his way to Boston
for a stay of at least a fortnight.
PARIS, Dec. 12. — The report cabled
from the United States that Congress
has actually voted money to transfer
Commodore John Paul Jones* body to
the United States creates vast Interest
in the neighborhood where lie the re
mains 'of the "American naval hero. The
body * lies under the floor of Mme.
Dunap's photograph gallery. 1 Rue des
Ecluses-St. Martin, and 47 Rue Grange
aux Beliers, near the Canal St. Martin.
ton. General and Mrs. Smith will leave
Mentone for Genoa or Naples, and then
they intend to proceed to Cairo, where
they will stay for the remainder of tha
winter.
America to Have Paul Jones* Bod/.
Owing to the fact that the season ter-;
minated sooner than usual owing, to the
early visit of King and 'Queen 40
Ireland many plans for ' further enter
tainments fell- through, but perhaps- it;
was Just as well, for despite protesta
tions to the contrary society really is
"hard up." Unexpected -shrinkages iii
mos.t reliable 'stocks have , produced
"differences" which . many : investors of
both sexes have,! been" obliged toj meet
with money ordinarily, spent^on amuse- ;
ments. Then the miserable weather of
the summer . discouraged' many, from
taking country places.Tand as f houses
let !very badly a large number, of own
ers "who depend : on an , annual .Income
from this direction find themselves just
so much short. ' 4 • \ -' ¦.
As the American habit' of 'dihi'neCout
is constantly growing in 'favor in Eng- :•
The extraordinary depression, so to
speak, from . which London . society is
just how suffering is due to a combina
tion of rather unusual circumstances,
chief of which, however, is -what is
commonly, known as "stony brokeness."
ion originally set by King. Charles II
of carrying, "arm dogs" is due to , a
London actress of some celebrity, and
the tiny smug-faced spaniels which are
used for this purpose now seem likely
to drive from popularity- the French
toy bulldog which has been so popular.
v Of course, there are many "doggy"
women .who make no attempt to keep
pace .with the constantly, changing
modes, arid who care"not a rap what is
"In" or "out." , This' is the class to
•which dealers look: for a steady., de
mand, and. while the profits . from . the
sales of ordinary dogs are not so great,
fanciers ¦ usually - prefer ' such . trade.
Yorkshire terriers and other. small 'dogs
are always in* J demand,, especially' by
elderly ladies. The French toy. poodles
are about the most, expensive of the
really fashionable pets. According to
their breeding they bring from to
$500 each, but the fancy ones have been
known "to come as high as $1500. ' .
- Perhaps on account of its pictur
esqueness or perhaps on account of its
doctrine of the equality of all men "the
Moslem faith is making great progress
among negroes. Many of them, and a
few whites, too,, have joined the mission
which has been established in the West
Indies and the Moslems believe that in
time they will solve the whole race
problem.
"Mohammedanism," he says, "being
merely. 'a Delief in the unity of God and
the inspiration of Mohammed, along
with otherlgreat men, and a pratical
recognition of the brotherhood of > the
moslems, irrespective of race or color, is
bound to 'become the world's religion.
Allah, ilia Allah, God is great and un
knowable. * In his good time all Jthe na
tions | will • become brothers under the
crescent flag, of Islam." . 1.
theology without : giving anything to
replace it. * \
"The famous Commandant Kemp will
be included. General Viljoen will com
mand the Boers. Major Ross, D. S. O..
who commanded the Canadian scouts,
¦win be in charge of thi British."
• LONDON, Dec. 12.— A South African
syndicate formed by General Benjamin
Viljoen and Arthur Lewis, the latter an
American, who served in the Boer War,
has arranged to present realistic Inci
dents of the war at the F* Louis ex
position. The capital of the undertak
ing is $300,000. /; /
"The show is to be the biggest thins
of, its like ever attempted." Mr. Lewis
says. *
"We shall produce Cape battles on
the great area allotted to us, the scen
ery for which is now being painted so
as to represent local conditions. Full
batteries will be employed, and 1000
Britons and Boers whr served in the
war win be trained by eye witnesses for
the various actions.
Syndicate is Organized to Exhibit
Scenes of the Memorable South
,':•;'-, African Republic.
BOER WAR SCENES TO
BE SHOWN AT ST. LOUIS
Like the Jews; the Moslems, do ,not
eat pork or shell fish. Quilliam believes
that Mohammedanism will eventually
become the universal religion because
science, he holds, - shatters Christian
The Medina Orphanage is the result
of the donation of the present Shah of
Persia, who, when he was Shahzada,
visited Liverpool and presented 523,000
to form a* home for destitute children.
The Associated Moslem Institute exists
as a sort of club for Moslems. Orient
als who are in business in Livefpopror
who* are studying in England'frequent
ly live there.
of births, deaths and, marriages for
Moslems. On Fridays he dons gorgeous
robes of crimson and blue silk. -which
glitter with the jewels of his order, re
moves his boots and recites the Moslem
formula, while his followers prostrate
themselves on the ground. They also
remove their boots, but wear their hats
or fezes.
The women remain unveiled. The
yashmak or veil is not an .essential
part of Mohammedanism; it is only. an
Oriental custom which Mohammedans
in the East have adopted.
MOSLEM -WEDDINGS IN ENGLAND.
Eleven Moslem weddings have taken
place since the opening of the mosque,
six of them uniting ordinary English
couples who had adopted the Eastern
faith. Three English girls married In
dian barristers and doctors, and two
ladies who were born In England of
Indian parents married Indian profes
sional men. A corner of the great West
Toxteth Cemetery is reserved for Mos
lem burials and half a dozen followers
of the Prophet are at rest there.
At first there was great opposition to
the Moslem Mission In Liverpool, but
the personal popularity of Quilliam
with the rough element secured safety,
and now the Sheik's followers hold
their services quite unmolested. There
are no polygamists- among them and
not a single scandal has crept in.
A large number of Oriental ; visitors
are almost always to be seer^ on Fri
days at the. mosque, which presents a
wonderful color picture on account of
the gorgeous robes of; the Indian,
Egyptian and Moorish worshipers. Ev
ery Mohammedan potentate who visits^
England makes it a rule to pray at the
Liverpool mosque, and uring the coro
nation quite a bevy of dusky monarchs
and privies prayed there._
SHAH Ol 1 PERSIA IS LIBERAL.
Since his conversion honors have
come thick and fast to Abdullah Quil
ls m. He has journeyed frequently to
Constantinople to s^e his Imperial
friend and patron, gcttjng prompt audi
ence where many an envoy has knocked
In vain. He has hobnobbed with the
Shah of Persia, and with the Ameer of
Afghanistan, receiving an unpronounc
aWe title and a gift of $12,500 for th«
good cf the cause from the latter. The
The result of Quflliam's. Interview
uith the Sultan, was that he was ap
pointed chief of Islam for the British
IeIcs. and was decorated with the Or
der of the Medjideh. On his return to
Liverpool to Sheik opened a mosque
and Moslem institute In* the West
Derby Road, and ever s!nce public
prayers have been held there on Fri
days in the ' pravir.g room," to the huge
deligrht and wonderment of the prosaic
neighborhood.
By dint cf hard study he had become
a proficient Arabic and Turkish scholar,
able to epeak and write both languages
fluently. He wrote to the Sultan of
Turkey, and received a mandate to visit
Constantinople. He responded in per
son and was received cordially by Ab
dul "the damned," who made a great
impression on him, as he does on almost
every one who comfes into personal con
tact with him. The Sultan, so Quilliam
declares, is one of the kindest of men.
and has a gTeat love for children. He
is an astute man cf the .world and is
thoroughly versed in French and Eng
lish literature. On this occasion Quil
liam was accompanied by his son, a
little boy of ten. The Sultan took the
Ifed en his knee, called him his "little
man" and asked him how he liked Tur
key* The boy replied that he liked Tur
key very much, and the Sultan replied
that if he should be a. good boy, obey
his parents and study hard, he, the Sul
tan, would perhaps be able to make a
man of him. That man now holds an
JmDortant official position in Constanti
nople. /
Now Mohammedanism has always
been associated with polygamy in the
English mind- and Quilliam was suTJ
jected to a great deal of ridicule when
his conversion became known. Undis
mayed, however, he commenced a
course cf propaganda, mostly through
lectures delivered at temperance soci
eties, and gradually gathered a small
band cf adherents around him. . His
early converts were mainly relations,
but in time his fame spread and Indian
seamen cr Lascars and other Oriental
visitors to the great seaport used to
visit his house to pray.
STUDIES ARABIC LANGUAGE.
The Sheik was born in Liverpool and
of British parents, too, but his life has
been remarkable for all that. Early in
his Police Court practice he came to
the conclusion that drink was one of
the devil's most effective aids, and in
consequence he became an active tee
totaler, winning some renown for his
efforts to spread his convictions. Some
twenty-five years ago he went on a
tour to Turkey and Morocco and took
to studying the tenets of the Moslem
creed, with the result that he and his
wif e became converts.
Although the Sheik is a notable fig
ure in his official gowns. Oriental
enough to satisfy the most exacting of
his converts, yet his ordinary, every
day pursuit is that of a prosperous
Police Court lawyer with a big criminal
practice. As such he is William Henry
Quilliam, but to the 500 British subjects
whom he has already gathered into the
Mohammedan fold he is known as Ab
dullah Quilliara.
our heads by showing to us in time
that we are all wrong in the matter of
religion and that we shall be saved by
becoming Moslems. To that end he is
jriving the light of his countenance and
ihe rare support cf his check book to
the Sheik-ul-lslam cf the British Isles,
whose headquarters lend picturesque
ness to the otherwise dingy city of
Liverpool. .
|5ges>17 to 20
_ y
Pages 1?#2G
san francisco; Sunday.;; December 13, 1903.
William Henrv Ouilliam, Sheil<-ul-Islam of the British Isles, Spreading the Creed of the
Moslems, Which, He Believes, Will Solve the Whole Race Problem: . : ,In Moscow the Municipal Council.'
after a long debate, resolved to or
ganize for the farr a Russian school
exhibit, which will be, so complete as ?
to show the whole development of
Russian national education. As Rus
sian schooling is carried on after a
"peculiar system this exhibit will be a
curiosity, all the more so because It
has not been shown anywhere outsida
Russia before.
more Interesting.
The Sport Club of St. Petersburg,
a very exclusive association, is organ
izing the^Russlan sporting exhibit,
which, will comprise all the marvelous
sports of the different Russian na
tionalities.. The' president of the club.
Professor Tematsky, and a committee
are busy collecting material for the
section. 1 .
Pretentious Project Is on Foot to Send
a Splendid Display From the
Czar's Domain.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 12.— Two
resolutions adopted in Russia will
contribute toward making the Russian
section In the St. Louis exhibition
RUSSIA'S BIG EXHIBIT
AT TILE WORLD'S FAIR
Gertrude Rennyson, prima donna so
prano of, Henry W. Savage's Grand
Clara Bloodgood, under the manage
ment of .Charles Frohman. will be the
attraction 40 follow Lulu Glaser at the
Columbia Theater.. This brilliant ac
tress - has "a splendid vehicle in which
to appear, Clyde Fitch's jcomedy. "The
Girl With the Green Eyes." Miss Blood
good will, have as. leading, man the
popular actor Robert Drouet.
Raymond Hitchcock, who is starring
in "The Yankee Consul," Henry- W.
Savage's newest comic opera; was en
tertained by two American consuls last
week. The comedian was the guest of
the United -States Consul in Toronto,
Canada,' at a dinner party and later in
the week received an Invitation from
our Consul In Montreal.
Blanche Walsh Is breaking records
this season with Wagenhals and Kem
per's production of "Resurrection."
The receipts In Chicago for three weeks
were 538,000 and in, St. Louis for one
week over $15,500. Three nights in
Kansas City gave Miss Walsh over
55550, and three nights In Detroit over
$4300. The business In the one-night
stands ranges from $1100 to $1600. Miss
Walsh In "Resurrection" will be seen
here during the season.
Plays and Players
to/ Be Seen Here
the Coming Season
. /'It Is where I ask the Senator— you
know I'm a Texas cattle queen lobbying
In Washington, and the Senator is an
old Texas horse thief — it :s when I ask
him if he's the kind of man I've been
describing to marry my twenty mil
lions. I say: 'Luther McHutchlns, are
you that man?* You remember. He
says, 'I am,* and the house 'owls"— the
actress has a fascinating little English
way of softening her h's occasionally*—
'they roar. Then we both say naughty
word* under our breath.", .
"I wonder If It's worse to laugh where
It would undoubtedly have been more
appropriate to have donned fringed
leggins and galloped upstairs on a
bronco when I went to call this week
on Miss Francesca Redding. At least
one felt so after seeing "The Cattle
Quern." Stupid conventions, however,
decided fcr the usual pasteboard, and
with a Dencil for- a pistol I found rny-«.
self at her door— sixth floor. Palace.
"Come In." saifl a brisk contralto,
and a moment later my hand was In
the warm, capable grasp of MiEs Fran
cesca Redding.
"There'll be another chair in in a
moment," ehe heartily rattled on. "You
wouldn't want me to sit ,on the bed —
and there aren't bottles under the quilt
like Becky. Sharp's, either! How crowd
ed your town is. Growing, my! I
couldn't get a thing but this garret up
here when I came In last week. Shan't
move now, though." -.-".'• v»:
"You like it here?" I asked, as Miss
Redding's comely proportions dropped
into the imported chair. .'^;
"Well, I'm not one of those New
Yorkers who think there Isn't any thing
outside of Broadway and Forty-sec
ond," she put It, "and It's looking there
now much more like a mining: camp
than this place ever thought of look
ing, by the way, with the subway. But
I haven't forgotten what they did to
me here ten years ago. Ouf!" and
Miss Redwing's gray eyes snapped at
the ceiling. "They hadn't had much at
the Orpheum then in the way of one
act plays. I had brought 'A- .Happy
Pair.* The gallery objected- Seriously.
But I made a quasi-success In the
same thing a year or two later. Then
I cot them with 'My FrI-nd From
Texas.' You're odd here, though."
"So I've heard before."
"I wonder what It is?" the ' actress
speculated, her black browa frowning
under her black hair. "It can't be that
you're blase? But things that have
been a success everywhere else will
come here and be a total failure. And
otherwise. Then again. For example.-
There's a line In The Cattle Queen'
that hasn't been laughed at anywhere
-but here. Shouldn't be laughed at,
either."
"What is it?"
"Ten years," Miss Redding replied.
"My start was amusing:. It was at
Keith's. I'd never been Inside a vaude
ville house then. But I went down
there with a big lunch basket, prepared
to stay all, day and night. It was like
"Then," Miss Redding said, with per
fect godd nature, "I should call you
nasty. Fancy to come so far over the
ties with what you think a good thing
and then be slapped in the face and
told to go home!"
"We haven't told you to go home," I
said, diplomatically.
"No, you've been very good to me,"
and the actress beamed her satisfac
tion. "Well, I think I have a. good
.thing. If there's one thing I pretend
to know It's what vaudeville. should be.
You see there are only twenty or twen
ty-five minutes to tell your story. So
It must go quickly; No long paus'es,
no frantic embraces, no long speeches,
a clear little plot and zip!, zip! zip! to
the end: I don't play to; the gallery,
though I'm glad to have 'em. But I'm
not the 'darling of the gods' exactly.
I don't like horse-play. When the time
comes that I can't stand, on my two
feet and earn my salary I'll get out of
vaudeville."
• "You have been. In it some time?"
"Anyway, I can't understand it," she
declared. "You see, when you've been
playing city after city you get to ex
pect certain things. You know your
points. Of course in some places they
may go a little more heavily or light
ly, but relatively they're about the
same. But here— well,. they'll cry when
you expect them to laugh, to put it ex
travagantly. How is it?" ; '
"Some people explain it this way," I
said: "We're so far off from everywhere
else that we're outside of the ring of
suggestion. That is, that we don't
know what this or that person has said
about 'The Cattle Queen,' for example;
where It is funny or otherwise. You
know that a New York criticism will
echo from one town to another, and
bias the judgment quite unconsciously.
The echo is too f,aint to reach us, and
we therefore have to do our own thlnk
_ing. Why the result should differ from
the original New York Judgment is an
other story."
"Then, do you mean to say that it
doesn't matter at all to you If the East
has praised a production. If you don't
like It you are going to say so?"
"It looks that way."
you shouldn't, or not laugh where you
should?"
"Both," Miss Redding decided
promptly.
"I must own to laughing at Luther's
'I am!' " —
"But the place to laugh is where I
say: 'I'm from Missouri, show me' " —
"To make two laughs grow where but
one was" —
"Not more than 500 or so In the last
three : years— at ¦ least it was 380 about
six months ago, and I've read a big
bunch since then. Every - newspaper
."Will M. Cressy's," the "cattle
queen" replied; "same man that wrote
'My Friend From Texas.' That ex
ploited, by the' way, the same charac
ter in New York. Mr. Cressy is doing
another sketch for me where she goes
to London." i
"The cattle aueen in/ New, York, tthe
cattle queen in Washington, the cattle"
queen in . London— like the Rogers
Brothers?" '
s'And I was the first one that thought
of It," Mis3 Redding proudly said. "J.
take them to London next June, by the
way, under Henry Tilford's manage
ment. It's going to be either a horrible
failure or a tremendous hit."
"You can't always tell."
*No, sir. -I think I know something
about vaudeville, but to show you how
mistaken one who ought to know can
be, I w"as within an ace of rejecting
'The Cattle Queen.' That long dark
scene, I thought they'd never stand for
that. And when I got the thing twen
ty-four weeks' contracts hinged on its
New York success. . And I'd paid $500
for It, too." . ,
"What changed your mind about It,
Miss Redding?" * .
"Well, I determined to read it to. a
friend of mine, who was living in the
room below me— at the Professional
Woman's League, clubhouse In New
York. I banged on the floor with my
heel, and up she came flying. 'What Is
th* matter?'; she said. ; 'It's awful,' I
told "her. 'My play's come and .1 don't;
like it. I want you to hear it.' 'All
right, I'll be the dog,' she said, and sat
down to listen. She's a writer herself,
by the way, and very clever. But she
has one of those cold, immovable faces,
don't you know, and when she sat there
like a statue my heart went into my
boots. Then when It came to that line
—'.Well, I have my mushy. moments like
the rest'— she laughed all over the
place, and I read no more. 'It'll do,' I
said, 'If you can Iau gh. like that *on a
cold, gray morning.' So here we are."
"You get many playlets to read?" '
"Rather!" Miss Redding agreed. . "I
don't know of a house where the acous
tics are so bad for one thing. And one
strains oneself because— well, I've a
feeling that that little fellow at the
back there"— Miss- Redding's large,
round arm ewept the rear of an imag
inary Orpheum— "has just as much
right to hear as the next."
"Whose ia 'The Cattle Queen?' My
programme didn't honor the author."
"There are better than ours." J
"There's one in Los Angeles, one in
Omaha, one in Kansas City, one in New
Orleans and one in Denver. The New
Orleans Orpheum Is the only fire-proof
building in the city. Splendid theater."
"How many houses are there?"
only the big cities. You can cover an
awful lot of continent in very little
time that way. The Orpheum- circuit
is a fine one to play on. If you have
something good these people never
haggle about money! There's -been a
good deal of talk just lately about poor
bills. Why, these people can't help it.
The turns are not in the market. The
miserable policy of some -of the East-,
em managers has driven a great many
acts out of America. Why, there are
anywhere from 100 to 150 American
turns now in Europe — Berlin, .Paris,
Vienna, St. Petersburg. And the best
of them. No other kind goes there.
But that doesn't leave a great deal to
choose from at home. It isn't easy,
believe me, to get nine new acts a.
week for fifty-two weeks hand run
ning. No, the Orpheum is 'about as
good as there's going." •
good condition — full of fire, energy and
earnestness, but its leader has not the
grasp on its resources of either of the
preceding conductors. There is no lack
of spirit or power, but Chiaffarelli's
work lacks clearness, finish, refinement.
His attack Is not infrequently sloppy;
the individuality of phrase Is lost; tonal
beauty sacrificed to noise. But ie shows
skill in building his climaxes, and a
certain electric energy will doubtless
make him a favorite In many quarters.
He Is a modest fellow, too. and shows
considerable talent as a composer.
Chiaffarelli, the new leader of Ellery's
Royal Italian Band, hardly succeeds
in filling the gap left by Creatore, and
rather handsomely filled by Rivela,
who succeeded. The band itself is In
the piece is the cast that has been
given to it. When grand opera lumina
ries are considered not too good to In
terpret comic opera there is hope for
comic opera. When something more
than face and shape and trimmings
goes to the renderipg of comic opera
the art need not be despaired of. -*It
has been in a parlous state of late.
Only the Bostonlans have, remained
faithful to the older ideals, though the
Savage companies and our own Tivoli
hp.ve done good work. But "Babette."
with Fritzi Scheff. cuts a higher notch.
Mme. Schumann-H*ink is to follow
next year. With these in the field there
will be others to follow, and with such
interpreters even a Strauss need not
disdain to supply the comic opera mar
ket—if he feels comic operawise.
There are others of grand opera that
Mr. Dillingham, who manages Miss
Scheff, would find useful. How about
Bispham, the gorgeous Beckmesser,
Sembrich, immortal comedienne; De
Reszke, Don Basilio, par excellence?
One can only pray. In the meantime
here is the cast of "Babette," produced
to utmost enthusiasm In New York a
week or two ago: -
Babette • Fritzt Scheff
Mondr^ro'n : Eui S? < L, CO T W , le9
Marcel Richie Ling
BaUa^r ..I - E. J Connelly
Vlnette . Ida Hawley
Van Tympel , L«Hs Harrison
jj va Josephine Bartlett
The 'king of France Erroll Dunbar
Guzman Madison Smith
Schnappe wu !£m *"»»£«»
Captain Walther Alfred S Ely
jan Frank Boyle
Quentin James Beale
Margot - Rosa Earle
Greta • Edna Luby
Joan Adele Nott
Coachman J. T. ChaiUee
Footman Charles Emerson
Mile, de le Motte Beth WillouKhby
Mile. 'de Rohan May Seeley
Mil*. Fontanges Mildred Forrest
Marquis de Villette George Williamson
Count de Courville Arthur Blanchard
Duc.de St. Michel Henry Wilkinson
Francois '. Georgia Campbell
Henri Rita Dean
Gaston Helert Planche
Jacque Aline Redmond
Laurent Gertrude Adams
Teresa Emily Montajriie
Katrlna. Florence Bellevllie
The Alcazar also has an attractive,
bill in "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
the famous military drama by Franklin
Fyles and David Belasco. Miss Juliet
Crosby, who has not . been "on" for
some time, will make her reappearance
this week.
Sad news comes from Fischer's of
the departure East of Barney Bernard.
The loss of Barney will be a serious
one, but he must not be grudged the
higher flight that he is contemplating
—no less than a journey Into the legit
imate. Allen Curtis, who 13 to succeed
the engaging Hebrew. Is hopefully her
alded as the "world's greatest Hebrew
comedian." We'll see next week, any
way. Meanwhile . "I-O-U" goes even
more hilariously as It gets older and
certainly more smoothly.
"The Scout's Revenue" Is billed for
the Central this week. It is said to be
all the title promises.
Francesca Redding will continue to
be a head-liner this week at the Orph
eum and four new acts go on this
afternoon. The road show that comes
soon has a- red robin sort of bill. It
having been found impossible to head
line any of equal excellencies.
The Allen sisters are at the Chutes
and particularly good vaudeville. . «
The California has an attraction this
week, beginning to-night. - that will
doubtless cram it. in "Foxy Grandpa."
with Joe Hart and Carrie do Mar. Joe
Hart and Carrie de liar are old Orph
eum favorites, who are sur» of a wel
come here whatever they bring. New-
York, however, stood 230 nights o£
"Foxy Grandpa," so it seems quite
probable that we shall be able to en
dure two week3 of It.
• • •
J. H. Stoddart's Lachlan Campbell in
"The Bonnie Brier' Bush" Is known to
us. and cannot be too well known.
Reuben Fax, whose excellent Posty
challenged comparisons even with Mr.
Stoddart'-s work, returns with the vet
eran actor. As Lachlan Campbell, the
stern old Scot. Stoddart's is an unfor
getable portrait, one of the things that
shine out from a mass of dull stupid
ities. It is safe to say that the Grand
Opera-house will be crowded to see
him and Ian Maclaren's charming play*
this week. The supporting company la
said to be excellent. The piece opens
"Dolly Varden" makes its first ap
pearance here to-morrow evening, and
is a Julian Edwards and Stanislaus
Stange production. The plot is not un
like that of "The Country Girl." the
time about 1730. The corriedy Is said
to cive Misa Glaser. who made a hit
here ten years ago as Francis Wilson's
leading woman, an excellent opportu
nity. It affords also costume and
scenic opportunities tnat have been
fully exploited by Manager F. C. Whit
ney. In Miss Olaser'3 support are tho
following good people: Harry Girard.
Harold Blake, W. H. Fitzgerald. John
Dunsmure, Bergh Morrison, George
Head, Lillian Walbridge. Emmalyn
Lackey, Lotta Gale and a large and
effective chorus. During Miss Glaser'a
engagement the Columbia Theater or
chestra will be Increased to double its
present size.
men and army people. -I'm the original
black sheep of the family. And I don'l
know what druv me to It!" - Cl^M^^J
"May 1 ask :,if .you i are related. t<
'Joe' Redding, the Bohemian Clut
man?" * if. ¦'<¦ '¦ ¦:-') '-
"Cousin," replied Miss Redding. "I'm
of the Eastern, ' h^ of , the Western
branch of the family: /Tve" another
lawyer cousin, who is the great white*
mandarin "at Mindanao, appointed- by*
the real . Sultan ' of " Sulu— not George
Ade's!" ¦•..
"Will you tell me a little about that
Professional Woman's .League you"
spoke of a while ago?"/ ; ; - " ,
"It's the grandest organization of int.
dependent women In the' who.le world!"
she replied, positively bristling with en
thusiasm. ."We have 500 ; members, in
cluding those of every known profes
sion for women. There are sculptors,
artists, musicians, : . writers, architects—
there's even a woman who designs
boilers! The rest are associate mem
bers,' women of wealth In sympathy,
with the working .women of the club.
We have a five-story browristone club
house, right in the best part of town,
and a library of 5000 volumes."
"Does one stay there?" •
"That is not the intention. But then*
are -nine rooms that are rented out to
members. It is intended for a place to
stay overnight, to drop in during the
day. There Is a fine restaurant in con
nection, and everything is at a merely
nominal ' cost. They do all sorts of
things. For example, any member in
good standing may go on Fridays and
borrow .from $25 to $125 on any kind of
security, from a vault in the cemetery
to bank stock, at only nominal inter
est. And a note is never, urged."
"Nor dishonored."
"Never,"- Miss Redding confirmed.
"Then every afternoon there is tea
from" 4 to 6 o'clotk. Everybody speaks
to everybody else. It's entirely demo
cratic. And we have there lectures a?d
talks and entertainments from the best
artists of all kinds."
"The club is not political, suffrage
and the rest?" . -ft- —*
"Still—"
"O-oh! Never heard the word. And
then we never lose our members untll^
they're married. Yes,' this is the wo-'
man's age."
The artist asked here if the actress
had a full face photograph within
reach. She handed one to him taken
from a portrait of herself by Chartran
with the comment: "The only one I
have. What do you think of this? A
man wrote" to me : not long ago asking
for my photograph tOj be run with some
famous American actresses. But it was
to be a full face. I hadn't one and I
told him so. .1 was sorry. I hadn't after
ward. What do you suppose he wanted
with it ? He was writing a paper to
prove that unmarried actresses ajjl had
turned-down mouths! He had Viola
Allen. Ada Rehan,' Maude Adams and
several others." ¦
"You would have . been the distin
guished exception," I laughed, and
looked critically at the emall.full Red
ding lips,, dimpling upward. at the cor
ners. . ¦' !„•-, , ¦ . '.-/:,
- "The idea!" and Miss Redding joined
in the laugh.- '/And you know I'm very
proud to be a blissful old "maid."
"You don't look blighted."
"As for being a woman and marrying
just to wear a ring ,'on ; this—" she jab
bed her plump third finger as she
spoke, ."there Isn't" enough in; it."
; "Oh, yes, I'm still looking-for the
ideal. Onebegins that way at 18— with
a_ soulful-haired dummy " that you'd
jdrown afterward! Then there's a fresh
crop ' every , year. " '
"But .why. should' you— not ideal-rde^"
marid the ideal ?"• I impertinently ask. -
"I don't.' -. I '; only : demand • my Ideal,"
(b). "Hungarian Dance" ;... Brahms-Joachim
Songs — (a) "The Willow" .... '. Goring Thotnao
"(b) "La Vlolette" ¦.....". Alessandro Scarlatti
(c) ' "Fruhlingrezeit" . .'. . . . . .Heinrich. Schnell
Violin «oll (a) "Albumtilatt"..-. .\..
:....- .. Wagner- Wllhelmj
I (b) "Legrende 1^ ..... ..........'. "Wlenlawskl
"Irroelin ! Roee" ......... ...V. Peterson •• Berger
"Malnat" ............ %V.V..T^r.v.Ch. Sindlng
"Ved Sundet" ........ .V..A. Backer Grondahl
"Bagnhtld" Ed Grieg
Folk songs — "StrUevise" and "Agatha FJeld-
It is understood that Miss Ingeborg
Resch-Peterson, the Swedish singer,
who test Saturday afternoon made. her
first appearance here, was seriously in
disposed at the time. Our playful cli
mate had- affected the singer's -throat
among other unpleasantnesses, and she
¦was entlrelx unable to do herself jus
tice. It would have been wiser, and
had Miss Peterson not stood in^ the re
lation of hostess to her audience it
Would doubtless so have been ar
ranged, to have postponed the affair.
Judgment must courteously be reserved
until a more fitting occasion, there
fore,' that one hopes will soon present
Itself. One may say, however, that the
evidences are of a voice of considerable
beauty and cultivation. -Miss Peter
son's" programme was also delightfully
refreshing, some of her native folk
songs and examples of the contempo
rary _Swedish song literature being most
charming./ - ,: ;
¦ Miss Peterson was assisted by Miss
Ramus, who fiddles— one hardly knows
why-rand by Fred Maurer, who accom
panied/ as usual, admirably. Following
is the programme :
! Aria — "Ave Maria" • (Das : Feuerkreuz)". . . Bruch
Violin aoll — (a)* "Adagio," from Concerto •
. Op. 20 .....'.'.*......... :. Max Bruch
much to commend her to favorable at
tention as a singer. She has, a voice,
apparently of some original harshness,
that seems to be well on the way to'
become- a soprano o^~ considerable
sweetness and volume. Her compass
also is a useful one, and Mrs. John
son shows not a little dramatic in
stinct and sympathy in. her interpreta
tions. . Her stage presence,' not un
importantly.- is. unusually engaging.
Yet one .must deplore certain some
what serious errors i in the singer's
work/ -.Her intonation is quite faulty
at "timea, due, apparently, to poor
breath control, the tendency being to
a flatness of pitch. Not impossibly
nervousness' may- have affected Mrs.
Johnson ; here, as her later numbers
were less marred by the tendency. The
singer's attack also lacks certainty,
her enunciation is wanting, in crisp
ness, .her. -.vocalizing in flexibility.
| Of; Mrs. Johnson's ' numbers, she was
possibly most .successful in "The
'Banks of Allan Water," sung with ad
mirable taste ami feeling.; Mrs. John
son seems to have indeed a charming
Instinct for the' singing of ballads.
."Where the Bee Sucks" and "Bid Me
Discourse" were given — with the afore
said technical limitations— with consid
erable charm. -The modern songs. with
the exception of, Dr. H. J. Stewart's
"Contrasts." were pleasingly though
less successfully sung. The Von Fie
litz cycle. "Schoen Gretlein," should be
left to the vocal virtuosi. Neither is
there -any particular reason . for them
to rescue it from oblivion. The Tschai
kowsky aria from "Jeanne d* Arc" was
also too heavy for the singer, though
it showed her possessed of dramatic
power and considerable climacteric
possibilities: Dr. H. J. Stewart ac
companied with fine Judgment.
, Assisting the singer was Miss Kath
leen Parlow. the young girl violin st
who is growing up just as good little
fiddlers ought to grow. Kathleen was
In excellent form the other night. She
played' the "Schwedlsche Tanze of
Bruch and the \ Wlenlawski "Souvenir
de Mosdow." The "Tanze," quaint and
fragrant, she contrived to, make inter
esting throughout, playing with even
more than her usual style, authority,
freedom. It will not be long before
Kathleen Parlow's name will be upon
the list of those who are making Cali
fornia famous. I give her from four
to six years with^ proper opportunities.
The young girl is ripe now for a Euro
pean experience, for, the soaking in of
music that- California cannot give her.
There is an enviable opportunity- for
some Maecenas here, though perhaps
the little lady will consider it imperti
nent for me so to sdfcgest. I know,
however, that Kathleen, who, like most
of/the chosen, has more genius than
ducats, is saving her pennies for that
wonderful, Europe. Meantime Henry
Holmes is. seeing to it that she has the
best possible opportunities here. >
Miss Redding corrected. * "He might be
bald and lame, you know, 'and happen
to . suit me." ', I , believe he's in Alaska
myself.". .
"Why don't you "go there?" : -
"I'm thinking of it," she laughed, "as
I hear there's a good deal of money to
be made up in Nome. But; He must be
somewhere,' you know."
•¦¦ ? — — . •
Mrs. Johnson's Song
Recital Proves an ". .
Entertaining Event
An effective . programme, in • part
quite .effectively handled, was that of / '
the Snider- Johnson song reeital given
on Tuesday evening last" in the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium.". Mrs. Johnson has
sang." Norwegian: "Fjorton Ar" and polcka
fran ."Dalatne.'" Swedish.
This week Mme. Inez Carusi, the va
riously gifted harpist.' left for the East
on business concerned with the disposal
of an opera that she wrote some time
ago. The opera, of the comic genre,
deals with the time of the crusaders
"and is called '.'The Crusaders." It is un
derstood that a prominent firm of East
ern managers has the work under fa
vorable consideration and that It will
shortly be produced. ¦
• " * *
Of the most hopeful comic opera news
is the recent brilliant success of Fritzi
"Scheff in "Babette." The opera is by
Victor Herbert and Harry B. Smith, and
both are said to. have done well their
parts,, 'but the particular distinction of
Opera Company, has received from
friends in Milan, In Giuseppi Verdi's
own handwriting an original manu
script copy of the famous willow sons
suns by this artist in the opera
Several New Plays
Are on the Boards
for Coming Week
~ >v
The week promises unusually well at
the theaters, with J. II- Stoddart and
Reuben .Fax In "The Bonnie Brier
Bush" at the Grand Opera-house, and
one of the most successful of recent
mu3ical comedies in "Dolly Varden,
with Lu!u Glaser. at the Columbia.
finding it when I learned how. little one
'really had to do."
"But are there not two performances
a day. at Keith's?"
"Oh, yes, but I don't mind that,"
said the "^blissful old maid"— her own
phrase. One can readily believe it. '[ It
is not easy to imagine the thing to do
that would be outside of MiS3 Reddlrig's
» powers. "..She beams health from her
crown of vigorous black hair down, in
every line of her buxom figure, In every
glance of her gray-blue eyes— curiously
put in, from the corners of her red and
mirthful mouth, in every note of her
breezy contralto. She impresses one'
at close range like her Texas cattle
. queen, frankness Itself, capable, cor
dial, . vital, and of an almost gentle
manly bonhommie— in short, a "good
fellow." A trim and decisive blue skirt;
with a white silk waist studded, with
the same blue,, did . not detract from
one's pleasure in looking at Miss Red
. ding, nor her rapid-fire delivery from
the pleasure of listening to her piquant
comment. . " * .
"Really," she was saying, "I'd rather
have two "performances a day than one.
When I have the afternoon I think I
can do a thousand things, and I'm far
more tired than if I had 1 played. Vaude
ville .really, is easy work. You see,, we
haven't any one-night stands. . That
makes travel very easy. Then we play
"Thinks he has' a play that will just
suit me. .He thinks so because he hap
pens to have it, and wants me to play
it. Putin the hope of finding o'ne jewel
I have. gone through '500 plays.'*
"Did you begin in vaudeville?"- ' .
V."No indeed. I put in my sprouts in
the legitimate mostly. -A funny combi
nation. I would be Aladdin, radiant in
tights," fnTthe afternoon, and Lady Mac
beth in the; evening— vaudeville • hard!
I had a company of "my own afterward
and did all sorts . of things, 'Colleen
Bawn,': 'Little" Liord Fauntleroy' and so
on. Then I was with Frohman for two
seasons '¦ in 'The Gray Mare* and The
Charity Ball.** After that in comic op
era for some time— "
; "You sing?" '" v ' -.
"We had to' sing then," M^ss Redding
laughingly insisted. "But I had a pull
because I could act^ioo. Oh, yes, there
was Lillian Russell, Pauline Hall and
¦Lulu' Glaser — th^at you have here next
.c.. "Is she going to be good?"
.."-""I .-never cared for her In anything be
fore, but she's, positively bewitching in
'Dolly Varden!* " Then Miss Redding
reverted: "I'm not of an acting family,
you know; they're all lawyers, clergy-
man— "Miss Redding pointed a jesting
finger at me. ' ; '
"Not this time— " r :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13, 1903
miss £ francesca' redding's
sp:nsational finale in
"the cattle queen!"
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC FOLK
18Order of Pendo.
Golden State Council of the Ordar of
Pendo. located In Oakland, had an open
meeting and entertainment on the
night of December 11. The feature of
the evening was a coon hunt-
A reDort from the council In Wat
sonvllle to the head office Is to the ef
fect that good work is being done In
that section.
District Deputy Mrs. Wheeler reports
a great deal of enthusiasm In Moscow.
Idaho. During November this deputy
placed forty candidates in the order.'*-
Deputy F. P. Smith reports good suc
cess in Helena. Mont. A HKe report
comes from Deputy Brown of Aber
deen. Wash.
Golden Gate Council of this city dur
ing Its ¦ meetlncs in the month of No
vember initiated a number of,candi
dates and expects to have a coodjy
number during December.
The Woodmen.
The reception tendered by Golden
Gate CamD of the Woodmen of the
World to Head Consul F. A. Falken
burg in Native Sons' Hall, December 7,
was one of the largest gatherings of
Woodmen and their lady friends that
has been known In this city for many
years. • The hall was crowdcO to Its
limit and hundreds were turned away.
The guest of the evening was escorted
to the post of honor on thn stare by
the uniformed team of the camp and
there he was welcomed by Mayor
Schmitz. He made a strong fraternal
response, during which he spoke of
the great campaign that has been in
augurated to increase the membership
of the Pacific Jurisdiction to 100.000.
The members, of the order In a strong
Voice announced that tney will help
him in the attainment of his. desire to
secure the number required to reach
that total and that Golden Gate Camp
Is strictly In it. There was a rousing
speech In favor of the movement by
Merton C. Allen, musical numbers and
vocal selections by the . Knickerbocker
Quartet and solos by L. A. Larsen. The
programme was followed by dancing.
The head-consul will pay his first
visit of. the -new year to California
Camp in Lyric Hall on Eddy street on
January 6. On that occasion there
will be a reception to the visitor. A
member of the committee' in charge
of the affair says: "California has
several novelties up its sleeve and
by . the time - 'Falky* gets through
with our 'bunch* he will know that he
has been with : California Camp. Some
of the features .will be parlor fireworks,
Independent Foresters.
Court Diana, Independent Foresters,
has elected the following named as its
officers for the ensuing term: A. R."
Ozler, chief ranger; H. C. Reimers,
vice chief ranger; Alexander McDon
ald, - recording, and Charles Stillman,
financial secretary;- J. B. Knudson,
treasurer, and J. M. Colman, orator.
Court Seal Rock has elected as its
officers W. Havard, chief ranger; O.
Wallstein, vice chief ranger; E. N.
Cameron, recording secretary; O. F.
Parker, financial secretary; M. i Stal
lard, treasurer; F.. Lass, organist; W.
Field, senior and G. V. Bell, Junior
woodward; H." T.~ Beck, senior and F.
L. , Schlicker, Junior beadle; C. ' W."
Card, M. p., physician/ After .the
election- of* these officers on: the night
of the first Monday In December there
were addresses by High Vice Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart, DJ S. C R.;
General. Deputy High Chief Ranger
William Stewart; J. T. Murphy, pres
ident of thfi board of deputies; George
W. Kilss. secretary of the same, and
High Treasurer Cameron, after which
refreshments were served^-
The high chief ranger/ high treas
urer and .president of the board of
San Francisco deputies recently paid
a visit , to. Court Grixzly in Berkeley
and were well received and attentively
listened \ to when .they spoke for the
good of .the order. .
On. the second Tuesday In December
the same officers paid a visit to Oak
land,", visiting the court there and In
teresting, the. members' In .'work that
Is going on at this time in the organ
ization .of a companion court in* that
city ." and in '[ the ' Foresters' theater
party that Is to : be given in this city
next February.
' - The companion*. court that is being
organized in Oakland and the ; one In
Berkeley •'¦wiir ; be ready for Institution
within '.two:. v'eeks.
Deputy - ffiftaerae -Chief Ranger
Stewart 'and; the board of ;San Fran
cisco deputies paid a visit last week
The Druids.
McKrinley Grove of the United An
cient Order of Druids gave another of
its socials in the Assembly Hall of the
Alcazar building on the evening of De
cember 10. An energetic committee
has been -appointed to prepare for this
event. •¦
On the evening of December A No
ble Grand Arch, Beck; in . company
with the- grand secretary and other
grand officers, paid an official. visit to
Xorma Grove 'in this city. Y
The Past Arch Association held a
meeting last Sunday, but adjourned
without transacting any .business, out
of respect to the memory of J. W. Mo
linari, one. of its members, who died
a few days before.
Grand Secretary James F. Martino
ni, one of the most active of the Cali
fornia Druids, who now^ also holds the
office > of deputy supreme arch. Ms In
line for promotion to the highest of
fice in the order at, the next session of
the supreme body. He has a large
number of friends in the order who
are anxious to see him promoted. They
assert that if earnest endeavor, faith
ful attention *to the duties of his of
fice and the record he ' has made' in
the past for the extension of the . or
der, entitles him to advancement,' he
deserves to be advanced.
Boadecla Circle of the Druidesses,
at its last held meeting, received the
resignation of Mrs. Jennie A. Clark."
recently* elected arch druldess. She
resigned at the' request of her • physi
cian, who Informed her that -she must
give u p ' all lodge "work. The lady has
been a very • active worker along fra
ternal lines. ' By reason of the resig
nation First 'Bard Mrs. Sonnemann
was. advanced to archdruidess; Mrs.
R. Samuels, second bard, to first bard,
and 1 Mrs. Cavanaugh.' left supporter to
the first bard, to the office of second
bard. These \ officers will* be /installed
at the following meeting." -*^ : . •. .
El Dorado Circle" at • last held
meeting^ received ' the . applications of
nineteen • strangers, who" are -to be in-
Modern Woodmen.
At the last held meeting of Gocdfel
lowship Camp of the Modem Woodmen
of America in Its forest in the B'nal
B'rlth building the following named
were chosen to serve for the next term:
C. H. Cook, venerable counselor; W.
H. Edwards, worthy adviser; W. J.
Elliott, banker: W. F. Cunningham,
clerk; Thomas Pepper, escort: S. S. Mc-
Cahlll, watchman: L. Bauer, sentry; P.
J. Pierce, manager. During the even
ing eight original' applications were
presented and two strangers were re
ceived by adoption and one by card.
The camp has organized a team of six
teen foresters, who have cdopted a uni
form on the lines of the U. S. A. fa
tigue uniform. It is to be of dark
green. This team will, as soon as It
has been fully drilled, confer the de
grees.
The various camps of this Jurisdic
tion are making arrangements for tha
twenty-first anniversary of the foun
dation of the order, which will be on
January 5.
During the last month new camps
have been established by General Or
ganizer Davis at Forrestvllle, Manton.
McCioud and Pioneer, in this State.
The order is making a strenuous ef
fort to Increase the membership from
750,000 to 1.000.C00.
Mrs. Minnie F. Wallls, the retiring, ma
tron, was presented a beautiful dia
mond-set star of her rank In the order,
after which a,past patron's Jewel was
presented to R. E. Ragland, the retiring
patron, and then' the retiring heads of
the chapter presented -to the points of
the star during the last term a lovely
token of remembrance. Then Mrs. C.
A. Anthony, a charter member of the
chapter and for a quarter of a century
its treasurer, -who declined a renom-
Inatlon, was. presented a beautifu^star,
bearing within it the crossed keys. The
exercises closed with addresses by a
number of those present and the sing
ing of "Where the Colorado Flows," II
ulstrated with pretty stereoptlcon
views. The new patron announced that
during the current year It will.be his
effort to make the social feature of the
chapter very Interesting,
The installation of the officers, of
King Solomon Chapter by retiring Ma
tron Fannie Franklin and Mrs. L. L.
Baehr as marshal in Golden Gate Hall
was .witnessed by several hundred peo
ple. work was beautifully ren
dered and was highly commended. The
officers for the current term are: Jane
. Dawson, matron; -A. J. Spar ro we. pa
tron; Ida B. Kpence. associate matron;
Martha A. Blade, secretary; Lydla
Saunders, treasurer; Jennie Kava
naugh, conductress; Virginia Bottom
ley, associate conductress; N. John
stone, Josephine S. Clark, Mettk'Wolp
mann, Margaret JohnsttTne, T. Schoene
and T. Gonelin, points of the star; . Mrs.
Wolpmann, marshal ; Annie Luerman,'
warder: Mary H. Lewis, sentinel. The
retiring matron was presented with . a :
handsome and valuable jewel. The pa
tron,'Arnold" L. Llchte, on retiring was
given a gilt clock, the points of the star
were each given a highly, decorated'
card receiver by • the retiring matron,
and the points in return presented the
retiring matron an antique ornament
for a dresser. After congratulatory
speeches there was dancing for, two
hours. This chapter , hopes .to make
good 1 - progress under, -the" new matron
ship. Eight applications will be pre
sented at the next meeting.
At a recent meeting of Starr King
Chapter Mr. and Mrs/ Klein, members
thereof, presented to it a magnificent
gavel, suitably inscribed, madejfrom
the limb of a tree grown at" Mount
Vernon r < the " once „ home of George
Washington.' %
Eastern Star.
The following named officers of Gold
en Gate, the mother chapter of the
Eastern Star, were installed in the
beautiful ceremony of the order by the
retiring matron, Mrs. Frances P. Tow
er, the installing officer, assisted by
Past Matron Ada Roxy Duncan -as
marshal. The ceremony was witnessed
by a large number of the friends of the
new officers and members of the order.
After the installation there was pre
sented to Mrs. Tower a beautiful em
blematic diamond-set star, the gift of
the chapter, in recognition of the excel
lent manner in which she had conduct
ed the affairs of the chapter during the
year, after which Henry G. Schu
macher, the retiring patron, was pre
sented a fine jewel of his rank. The
presentations were followed by congrat
ulations and a social hour. The new of
ficers are: Dr. Amy Florence Temple,
matron; F. Oehm, patron; Anna E.
Terson. associate matron; Catherine
Johnson, secretary; Addle L. Ballou,
treasurer; May Diennlger, Mrs. Collins,
Mrs. Oehm and F&ron Ethel Murphy,
points of the star; Emma DIenniger,
warder; Mary H. Lewis, sentinel; W.
S. Moses, chaplain, and M. Stevenson,
organist.
The installation of the officers of Ify
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star In Commandery Hall of the Ma
sonic Temple on the first Saturday In
December was witnessed by about 500
persons. More than 200 more • sought
admission, but there was no room for
them. The ceremony of installation, by
retiring Patron R. E. Ragland, assisted
by Past Matron Jennie A. Graves as In
stalling marshal, was carried out with
all the*"beauty of the ritual and In a
most dignified and impressive manner.
The officers who were inducted into of
fice were: Mary Louise Reddlck, ma
tron; James Edward Gordon, patron;
Male Watson Hendry. associate ma
tron; Eva d'Ancona Salsbury. secre
tary; Lottie' Elizabeth Lucas, treas
urer; Carrie Ho«ke Gordqn, "conduct
ress; Georgie Curtis Versalovlch. asso
ciate conductress; Dixie C. Stewart,
Ada Dell Norton, Maude Noble, Bertha
Adel. Briggs and .Anna Stadtmuller,'
points of the central star; Hannah
Catherine Ahlers, warder; Margaret
Larsen, . sentinel; Dr. George Eton
Daniels, chaplain; Kate Maxon, mar-,
shal. During the order of exercises the
vocal music wa's rendered by the Cali
fornia commandery choir—D.M."Law
rence, A. A. Batkin, R. W, Smith and
L. A. Larsen. After the installation
WELL-KNOWN DRUIDESS, AND SEVERAL MEMBERS OF THE RED
MEN'S RELIEF COMMITTEE, WHO' ARE ACTIVE IN THE PR0M0-
¦ t TION OF WELFARE OF THEIR RESPECTIVE FRATERNITIES.
Native Daughters.
Grard President Mies Stella Finkel
dey on the last day of November paid
an official visit to Aleli Parlor in Sali
nas. The meeting "was a very pleasant
one, during which the officers rendered
the work of the order in a most accept
able manner, after which there, were
addresses of an encouraging nature by
the visiting official and others. The
parlor presented the grand officer .with
a magnificent silver spoon In remem
brance of the visit. A banquet and
more epeechmaking followed. The fol
lowing day the grand president was ta
ken by Grand Trustee Arlana Stirling
and other members of the parlor for a
drive and "was shown the wonders of
the Salinas Valley.
On the first Tuesday In December
she was with San Miguel Parlor, small,
but one of the most loyal of the order.
A Ej>€ciaJ meeting: was held to receive
the visiting oficiaL and the assem
bl&ge -was a most enthusiastic one.
The address cf the visitor was one of
Instruction and advice for the good of
the parlor. There was a banquet and
the presentation of a set of views of
the California missions to the officer
to remind her of that section of the
country. The following day the vis
itor, under the guidance of a commit
tee, was shown the old mission' and
other places of interest. The next day
* he visited San Lclsita Parlor, of
which Grand Trustee Agnes M. Lee Is
a member. The meeting was a delight
ful one. The work of the officers was
watched with particular Interest by
the visitor, who. In her remarks,
complimented them. The members of
the parlor showed their appreciation of
the visit by presenting Miss Finkeldey
a decorated souvenir spoon and then
made her the guest of honor at a ban
quet. During her stay in that place
the parlor's committee drove her to the
old mission and all other points of in
terest.
The day after that she was with
Relna del Mar Parlor, where she spent
a very enjoyable evening, proving the
truth of the oft-made assertion that
there is much fraternal feeling In the
parlors outside of the large cities. The
work "of the officers was commended
and after the close of the meeting
there was a banquet and Interesting
addresses. The visitor was given a
testimonial of fraternal love in the
tbape of a huge bouquet of carnations.
On the first Saturday in the month
"the grand president was officially re
teix*ed at a special meeting of San
Buena Ventura Parlor, of which Past
y3rand President Cora B. Sifford is a
member. The hall was. very prettily
Secorated, and the work of the order
was exemplified in a manner that won
for the officers justly bestowed praise.
There vrere remarks by the grand
president. Se&for Past Grand President
Tina L. Kane and Past Grand Prcsi-
ltlated at the large class initiation on
December 16. • v-^>
Noble Grand Arch Beck and. many
of they grand officers paid an official
visit to Aurora Grove on December
8 and witnessed the initiation of seven
strangers.
The entertainment and dance given
In Washington Square Hall on the
evening of December 6 In aid of the
circle's branch big class initiation was
a decided success, being attended by.
more than 1500 people. i It was car
ried, on under the direction of the fol
lowing committees:
Arangements — Mrs. C. Mouze,
chairman; Mrs. Bacigalupi, Mrs. R.
Peters,. Mrs. McCuen.- Miss E. Wolff.
Reception — Mrs. L. Lacaze, . Mrs. L.
Sonnenmann, Mrs. McCuen, Mrs. D.
Harden," Mrs.* L. Brown, Mrs. S.
Wilson, Mrs. McManus, Mrs." Razzo.
Floor — J. S. Godeau, "manager; J. . F.
Martinoni, C. Jose, J. B. Leith, W. U.
Dingle, ,W. Wedemeyerj J. Wolff, Mr.
Hoffmann, F. Marinl, Mrs. J. McMa
nus. "" . .
-Two hundred candidates have al
ready been secured for : the» circle's
class initiation ori December 16, and
more are expected before that time.
Ancient Foresters.
High Chief Ranger J. B. Sanford was
tendered a reception by Court Bohe
mian of the Ancient Order of Forest
ers in the Assembly Hall, of the Alca
zar building on the evening of Decem
ber *.
On fit* evening of December 4 the
grand chief ranger paid an official visit
to Court Apollo, and he gave ths court
an evening of instruction and good ad
vice for Its advancement. *
Past Chief Rangers Clark and Ham
of Court Friar Tuck of Seattle recently
visitee Whatcom In the Interest of the
order. Arrangements were made to ex
tend the limits of the order in that part
c-f the country.
Court Lincoln has elected the follow
ing named as its officers for the ensu
ing term: F. P. Shafer. C. R.; J. W.
Helm, S. C. R.; William Burdlck, T.;
F. P. Butler. F. S.; Charles James. R.
S.; F. Frericks, S. W.; W. Rowland.
J. W.: Charles Burns. S. B.: F. Sim
mons. J. B.; Drs. Abbott and McDon
ald, physicians.
Court America has appointed a com
mittee or five to act with a like com
mittee from America Circle, Compan
ions of the Forest, to arrange for a
joint masauerade ball to be given In
the near future in one of the halls in
the Mission district. The court has
elected the following named officers for
the ensuing term: George KIttler. C.
R.; Herbert Otto. S. C. R-: B. Schul
ken, treasurer (re-elected for eighteenth
term); C. Braaksma, financial secre
tary (re-elected for eighteenth term);
H. Landwehr. F. S.; William Bray. S.
W.; J. E. Mattisen, J. W.: W. R. Mc-
Grew, S. B.: S. Matlnez (re-elected for
twelfth term). A committee has been
appointed to arrange for the Installa
tion of the officers and for an enter
tainment and the serving of light re
freshments on that occasion early in
January.
National Union.
• Under the supervision of Joseph A.
Wilson and J. A. Ross of the San Fran
cisco Cabinet of the National Uuion,
the class initiation in Golden Gate
Hall, December 3, when 186 candidates
were instructed in the mysteries of
that fraternal and beneficial organiza
tion for the nine councils of this city.
Yosemite No. 39. California No. 550,
San Francisco No. 540, Pacific No. 547,
Union No. 549, Golden Gate No. 551, El
Dorado No. £81 . El Capitan No. 997 and
Mission Council No. 1010, was held.
The work was in the presence of Sen
ate t President M- G. Jeffris and Sec
retary J. Myers/ who came here on an
official visit, and Mayor Schmitz, who
is a member of California Council; also
many of the- members of the several
councils.
After the council had been opened
the distinguished visitors were escorted
into the hall by^ twenty-four members,
senators and ex-presidents of the order,
each carrying an American flag. With
in the council chamber the escort
formed an arch of flags, under which
the visitors, In charge of the usher and
assistant usher, passed to the altar,
where they were formally Introduced and
welcomed. «fter which they were es
corted to the stage, the flag bearers
forming a semi-circle in the rear of the
senate officials. The work of Initiation
was performed In a letter-perfect man
ner, in the three degrees, by a special
team composed of E. H. Hills, presi
dent; G. B. Badgley, vice president; A.
K. Kingsford, ex-president: R. J.
Walsh, speaker;' W. T. Thompson,
chaplain; L. J, Beicke, usher; D. San
ders, sergeant; H. Baum. doorkeeper;
A. G. Page and E. McManus, secreta
ries. After the ceremony there was a
short programme of music Jt>y E.-C. Ker
and a. quartet, after which there was
an eloquent, patriotic address by the
senate president, also addresses by the
Mayor and the senate secretary.
The following evening the order had
a theater party at the Grand Opera
house in~ honor of the visitors. The
house was patriotically decorated with
flags and emblems and there was a
large audience. The play was "Over
Niagara" and after thfe first act the
senate president was Introduced to the
audience, when he delivered a short ad
dress, which was received with much
applause. After the close of the first
act little Ruth Wilson and Irma Roper
sang up-to-date songs and gave the
.whirlwind dance, and between the sec
ond and third acts Frederick Purdy
sang ballads.
to CouTt Precita In Mission Masonic
Hall, where there was a large attend
ance, it. being election night.
' Court Yerba Buena of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters has ap
pointed S. Batten, J. B. McCaffery, L.
Vezina. M. L. Gregg, C. H. Holcomb,
I. Citron, H. K> Hoffman, W. H. Foer
ester, P. Molter. G. M. McVicar. Dr.
H. M. Beck, T. Wicks, E. L. Malsbary,
H. S. Byers and B. McGarvin a com
mittee to arrange for a public instal
lation of the officers of the court dur
ing the month of January, the event
to be followed by an entertainment.
dent Mrs. Sifford, after which delicious
freshments were served. The grand
president was presented a costly bon
bon spoon. Then folowed a most in
teresting programme, which developed
the fact that the. parlor has some ex
cellent instrumentalists and vocalists.
The next day the visitor was ehown
the historic palms owned by the par
lor, also the old mission.
The visit of the grandvpresident to
Sans Souci Parlor in this city was one
that was enjoyed by the visitors and
the members of the order who were
present There was the presentation
to her of a token of fraternal love, -and
interesting and instructive remarks by
the grand president and others.
Prior to her departure on her
southern tour of official visits, the
grand president was the guest of Past
Grand President Eliza D. Keith, at
her home, 11S0 Mason street. These
present were Past Grand President
Belle Wingfield Conrad; Laura J.
Frakes, grand secretary, and Dr. Amy
Florence Temple, president of Keith
Parlor. A letter of regret at inability
to be present from Past Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Ema Gett of Sacramento
was read.
On the first Monday in December
there was an open meeting of Minerva
Parlor, for the purpose of tendering a
reception to George D. Collins, an at
torney of this city, in recognition of
services rendered the parlor during the
session of the Grand Parlor in 1902.
Among the many who . were present,
outside of the members, were Past
Grand President Lena Hilke Mills,
Mrs. J. J. Neubarth, Ida M. Kervan and
Sadie Osterman. The guest of the
evening was welcomed, and made a
pleasing response, after which there
were addresses by the members of the
order named, other visitors, Ernest C.
Stock and Past Grand President Mary
E. Tillman, a member of the parlor.
Then Miss Minnie Wall, president of
the parlor, presented to Mr. Collins, on
behalf of the parlor, in recognition of
his services, he having declined to ac
cept a fee, a beautiful and costly writ
ing-desk set. The recipient responded
feelingly, after which refreshments
were served. . ''j
Las Lomas Parlor will have a
Christmas tree party in Armory Hail,
on Howard street, near Seventeenth,
on the evening of Friday, December 18.
Santa Claus will be there. '
Sentinels of Universe-
On* of the terms of the recent con
test between Progress Council of Peta
luma and Rose Council of Santa Rosa.
Sentinels of the Universe, was that, the
losing council in the race for member
ship should banquet the winners. This
was given In Santa Rosa, December 5.
the members of the winning council
having driven over from Petaluma,
First there was an open meeting, when
Supreme Secretary George S. Clinton
awarded the prizes, paying 1 a high com
pliment to Helen Gutermuth of Peta
luma. who was the winner of the in
dividual prize. At the banquet Dr.
Smith McMullln, one of PetalumV3
prominent physicians, was toastmaster,
and in a neat speech he extended a fra
ternal, welcome, to all, and by his wit
and choice language charmed his hear
ers and aroused • their enthusiasm . for
after-dinner speeches. A happy speech
by Hanrey Bracken resulted in & num
ber of those present, not members of
the order, declaring that at the earliest
opportunity their names would appear
on the roster of some lodge of Sentinels
of the Universe. The supreme secre
tary, who recently became a> benedict,
told the unmarried, men present "how
,to manage a wife," but In conclusion
said, that he had not yet adooted the
.rules he had. suggested.. • During the
evening, previous to the banquet, there
was an Interlude of music, song and
story and all felt that the Santa Rosana
ef the order are -delightful entertainers.
Those who spoke at the banquet were
M. C. and Mrs. McAlpine, Olivia White,
J. HIckey. M. McGulre. Ruby McGar
vey, Mabel Boyer, Martin J. Rabanus,
L. S. Constantine. Charles and Mrs.
Knox, T. and Mrs. Jackson. Mrs. Guter
muth and M. Patrick. The two coun
cils presented Supreme Secretary Clin
ton and wife a beautiful floral piece,
the presentation in feeling words being
by Mrs. Gutermuth. .
Indian war dances, savages from th»
South Sea Islands, great decorations
and souvenirs." • California Circle. W.
O. W.. has been invited to take part in
the Jollification and it la expected that
this -will surpass any previous effort of
this enterprising camp.
Redwood Circle of the "Women of
."Woodcraft will give another of its de
lightful socials In Eagles' Hall on the
night of Tuesday, December 15.
Within the last few weeks the Im
proved Order of Red Men of San Fran
decn has organized a board of relief
for the assistance of members of the
order, not members of local tribes, who
may be sick or. in distress in this city.
The rew board ( is to work along the
lines cf a like board In the order of
Odd Fallows. The officers are:
President, A. E. WesFl'ng; vice presi
dent. TV. I. Brobeck: treasurer, J.
£ch;;ss; secretary. Fred B. Swan; as
sistant secretary. Fred Brandt.
Those who compose fhe board are:
Mar.zanita No. T2. A. Smith, J. J. By
ron; Miantonomah No. 9. A- Calde
wood. C Plathe; Pohonachee Xo. 10,
S. M. Webb, S. Harmon: Pocahontas
Slot 11. T. M. Finkelstein, M. Dock; So
toyome No. 12, P. Brandt, F. Bennett;
Seminole No. t.4, J. Lavigne, E. P. Du
puy; Modoc No. 57, P. G. Vanity, P.
Maunder: Winnemucca No. €1. F. A.
Ti'.ton. J. E. Perow; Osceola No. 71. F.
B. Swan, J. Stussey; "White Eagle No.
::. F. H. Cavagnaw, W. J. Burke; Bald
Eagle No. 75, H. Zitsch. E. Richards;
Arapahoe No. 76. C. W. Sink. G. B.
Homrnell; Moptezuma No. 77, F. C.
Graham. J. J. Phelan: Oshonee No. 78.
O. Prittkammer, M. M. Leichter; Al
tahmos No. 87, A. E. Wossllng. J. H.
Ilutaft: Awashtee No. F9, F. Ralph. T.
McKc-e; Yoseraite No. 103. A- Lehman.
J. Schuss; Seneca No. 104. C. Gay. G.
H. Jones; Mancopah No. IIS. H. Jef
frys. G. Kclley; Ncs Perces No. 117. G.
Bushnell, J. Gibbons; Mohican No. 119.
D. J. Dougherty. G. Sylva; Manitou
No. 12S, A. Adam. E. A. Keeney; Wii
lopi No. 133. E. Roonan. A. Raymond;
Walla Walla No. 144. W. F. Lannon, Jo
seph Brady; Calumet No. 14S, D. Teare,
J. D. Ralph.
Mancopah Tribe has elected the fol
lowing named as chiefs for the ensuing
Fix moons: Fred Dittelson, sachem;
Manuel Rafael, senior sagamore; Ger
ald E. Keeley. junior sagamore, and B.
Jeffreys, prophet. During November
this trib« adopted four palefaces. It has
organized a new degree team, and
within two months expects to show the
other tribes that Mancopah Is itself
again.
Th" competition in the adoption ds
gree between a team of Awashtee and
ore of Wiilopl Tribe in the wigwam of
BaU Eagk» Tribe, on the first Monday
in December, took place in the pres
ence of a large number of members of
the order nnd resulted in a victory* for
Aivashtee Tribe by eight points.
On the evening of December 17 the
combined tribes of Los Angeles will
give a grand entertainment for the
benefit of a member of the order who
:s ill in that city and in distress.
A letter from Great Representative
Emelio Lastreto, now in Los Angeles
for the benefit of his health, is to the
effect that the change of climate has so
far done but little to restore him to his
r.ormal condition
er. J. Liguon, sachem of Metamora
Tribe of Redwood City, announces that
the membership of that tribe will be
increased to 150 before long. The tribe
has organized a degree team, which
will ebon be ready to perform the work
in the adoption degree.
C. F. Burpmsn. formerly great chief
of records of the reservation of Cali
fornia, is now in Philadelphia, where
he is the prudent of a large drug com
pany. He will be in California to at
tend the next council of the Great
Council of this reservation.
At the institution of Calumet Tribe
to-mcrron- night the adoption degree
wi!l be by a team from Pocahontas
Tribe, the warriors* degree will be by
a team from Altahomas Tribe and the
chiefs 1 degree by one from Modoc Tribe.
. Great Ineohonee Harrison will, after
making 1 a visit to the reservations of
Arizona ar.d New Mexico, come to the
reservation of California in June. 1504.
He will remain la this city three days.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1903.
19ROME, Dec. 12.— The other day the
Pope desired '".; to. play • the A
search revealed the fact that there was
not a piano in the Vatican, although
scores have been sent as presents to
Piano in the Vatican.
PARIS. Dec. 12.— The Astronomical
Society of France i3 busy with the in
vention of an astronomer named Tom
maso Iandi. In Messina^ who claims to
have invented an apparatus which, af
fixed to ordinary telescopes, magnifVy
objects 25,000 times. *
The inventor is a young man of 22
and his credentials speak of 'him as a
most promising scientist and engineer.
If his invention is what it claims to
be the question of whether Mars Is in
habited or not may soon be settled.
May Sec Men on Mars.
A recent . engagement of interest , is
that: of Miss G race , Martin • fend ? Wi 1
liam Horn, which ' has been announced
by, her mother, Mrs.- Camillo r 'Martin.
The bride, relect's - mother, was, i before
her marriage,, the beautiful Miss Fanny
The bride-to-be is the younger of the
Misses Rutherford. She was educated
at the Misses Ely's school '• on Riverside
Drive, New York, and took post grad
uate work one year in Germany 1 atid
one year in France. Miss Rutherford
came out in New York two*- years j ago
and was ysry- popular from- trie J fire t.
During her brief visit to San- Francisco
she was the motif of much entertain
ment in a quiet way.
Philip . Kearny is a grandsonVof
General Phil Kearny' and a cousin of
Mrs.Robert C. Foute in this city. . He
comes of one of the most prominent
families in New York and Washington
and is very prominent in society, par
ticularly in - horse show .and coaching
affairs, as he is a; noted; whipV'^Mr.
Kearny is a : graduate! of- Yale and- now
resides 1 in New York.'where • he ': has
apartments at Sherry's. \ He is a ; mem
ber of the, brokerage firm of Ilavemeyer
&- Kearny 'and has a seat on' the New
York Stock Exchange.
Astors being numbered among its 'sup
porters. * . ¦ \ • ¦ r> ' ¦¦'';¦
- Mrs. Victor Clement i of. Salt Lake
City,, who has been the, guest of : honor
at a delightfur series, of luncheons given
by Mrs. : Burns .¦ Macdonald and ,.: Mrs.
Hilda will Vremain in ": the city
until 'February and Tperhaps . will reside
here permanently, "i Mrs. Clement spent
some of her^girlhood; here, 33 she was
educated; at 'Miss ; Lake's school, ' but
• *. ••
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop
are ..keeping. house this winter .at: 2811
Jackson street,;where they extend.con
siderable hospitality , to 4 their vfriends-,
but; entertain ; in such an . informal and
quiet. way that the, general public , does
not often hear of it; Mrs.. Bishop, who
before her marriage -was Miss Anna
Voorhies,' has always been • a . general
favorite in exclusive society, v, She is
delightfully- free' from affectatlon^and
charmingly -bred", so .Jthat- her likable
ness is easy to. understand. V .
Hyde and her/two, aunts, Mrs. Hyde-
Smith and -Mrs. Garceau, are equally
charming. Miss Martin has been a
social favorite- for some time, having
made her debut a few years ago in
this .city, where ; she has been exten
sively entertained. Mr. Horn is also a
Calif ornian • and is> in business here.
He is one of -the Hutch baqhelors at
Sausalito. No date has, been set for
the wedding.
Miss Constance de Young has been
going cut since the return" of the fam-'
ily from ..the East and ..will be one of
the daintiest \ of buds. Mrs." de Young
had intended to- present her daughter
immediately upon her. arrival from New
York, but the ; tea will be ' delayed until
afters the holidays, -as -the fire in *the
De ; Young • residence which .broke out
before the departure of the family did
considerable damage, necessitating. ex-
It would be difficult to find a group
of three more attractive hostesses than
at the Merrill receptions on the two
last Fridays, when Mrs. John F. Mer
rill received with her daughter-in-law,
Mrs. : John Sroufe Merrill, and her
daughter, Mrs". Harry Sears Bates. All,
were liberally endowed with beauty and
made a charming picture. Society has
seen but little of the younger Mrs. Mer
rill, as she, has preferred ¦ domestic life
sinceher. marriage and devotes all- of
her -time to her husband and baby.- She
is strikingly handsome, with a delight
ful manner," and will be a welcome ad
dition to society this winter.
since her marriage has resided; in South
Africa and' various cities in this coun
try. As she is still in mourning, for
her husband Mrs. Clement* coes out
very little, .but later on society" hopes,
to see more of this charmirig'wo'rnan.'
THREE YOUNG WOMEN OF V THE; SOCIETY' SET- OF, -SAN FRANCISCO WHO, BY THEIR CHARMING PER
SONALITIES AND THEIR "GRACIOUS MANNERS, HAVE ENDEARED 'THEMSELVES TO ALL .WITH
WHOM THEY HAVE 'ASSOCIATED. - :.." . . . V i ¦ •
Missives of Maria Theresa Arc Found
in the Larder of a Humble ' -*
. Family.
VIENNA, Dec. 12.— Forty-three let
ters in the handwriting of the Empress
Maria Theresa were discovered in
Castle Trautsohn and will be offered
for auction immediately. The letters
are addressed to an ancestress of the
princely family, who at one time acted
as dame of the court to the mother of
Marie Antoinette. A learned house
keeper, formerly a school teacher, dis
covered them by accident when put
ting clean paper on the apple shelves.
For several years, it appears, these
imperial missives had garnished the
shelves in the humble family larder,
having been selected for the purpose
on account of the thick white paper
on which they are written.
. The letters bristle with court news
and news of the war. instructions with
regard to the bringing up of the impe
rial children, etc. Among others there
are several copies of letters written by
Marie Antoinette to her mother.
LETTERS OF AN* EMPRESS
DECORATE THE SHELVES
The marriage of Miss Emma Ruther
ford, daughter of Mrs. George Crocker,
to Philip -Kearny will take place at
St. Thomas' Episcopal Church, New
York City, late in January. ; St. Thorn
as* Church has been the scene of many
a brilliant wedding, and the coming
one will be of widespread interest. . In
this sacred edifice Miss Consuelo Van
derbilt became the Duchess of j Marl
borough and Miss Goelct. the Duchess
of Roxburghe. This church is the most
fashionable in New <York, the Goulds,
the Vanderbilts, the Morgans an J the
Miss Belle Harmes owes as much of
her universal 1 popularity to. her sunny
personality as to her good; looks and
artistic gowns. She is" unusually bright
and vivacious and has a -'sympathetic
and engaging manner. ...
• • •
When asked the requisites of popu
larity in a girl Mrs. Henry said:
"She should be clever and unaffected.
A figure is important — I mean the one
not associated with the dollar sign.
Money has nothing to do with real pop
ularity. It rests with the temperament
of the girl entirely, although a good in
troduction is very helpful. Beauty will
bring to a girl a large coterie of ad
mirers, but usually the kind who like
to look at her as they would at a pic
ture or marble statue. We often hear
of old maids who are still beauties, but
who do not attract desperate admirers
as does the tactful and clever girl."
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, who is loved or
should be by all who know her and who
entertains lavishly, for the debutantes,
was asked what advice ehe would give
them to Insure popularity. She replied:
"It is difficult to confine them to any
particular mode of action, as they cer
tainly will do Just what they like to do
themselves, yet there are certain rules
, to be observed. Mothers are the best
ones to give them a little loving and
kind advice as to what they ought to
do. Boarding-schools are very good in
their way, but are better adapted to
'education of another sort. I am sure
the young- ladles have \ r ery sweet man
ners, particularly; those in San Fran
cisco, and it is a pleasure to meet them
and to entertain them."
Miss Maye Colburn is sought every
where and her popularity seems easily
explains! by her grace, tagt and gentle
thougbtf ulness for others. She ¦ has a
;. which money provides, and has every
thing with which to be charming with
| out drawing upon her wits, which in
some Instances might prove inconve
| nient. Her wealth is recognized as part
and parcel of herself, but, strange to
. ray, she does not wish to be married
: for it. although in every other step in
'life there' is a golden tinkling bell on
j, the first step she put forward and the
expected welcome is forthcoming. But
• admiration and love do not always go
' together, and in order to keep the last
ing affection of her friends the society
girl must cultivate the gentler graces
that go with fine feelings. She must be
- sensible, unassuming, sympathetic and
! thoughtful of the happiness of others.
She should find something In people to
• like and be genuinely glad to see them,
for affection will come back to her in
tbe same proportion 6he gives out. Ex
pressed appreciation will be gladly re
ceived, but flattery is an insult to v the
intelligence end prompts more rage
than anything else. >Tx.
Individuality is very important. Let
a girl try to be Just her Bweet self. So
often the majority of the debutantes
smile, bow and eay the same little
speeches in exactly the same way, fit
ting the same pattern, until their words
lose the true ring, and kind remarks
are often mistaken for insincerity and
are inwardly resented. ¦
The cruelty of cider people in Judging
young girls is sometimes very marked.
They forget that all of their wisdom
comes from the experience of age and
that in their youth they liked silly
things themselves and made the same
little mistakes which they criticize In
the young people of to-day. We cannot
rxpect these youngsters to "show the
wisdom that we have, or ought to ac
quire, witn yeare. •
I do not expect girls to know^ every
thing. They may like-to do Billy things,
but that is one of the beauties of their
youth. But there is a great attrac
tiveness in their fresh young faces and
it does one good to see them happy.
LONDON'. Dec. 12.— The public .18
much Interested in a young woman
who during the next year will have the
opportunity of meeting on intimate
terms more distinguished folk than
probably any other girl in the world.
She will begin with a King and Queen
and later on will be called upon to
do the • honors to numerous
other royalties— both' English and for
eign — Embassadors, statesmen, famous
soldiers and many more notables.
' Thl<j fortunate, young woman is Miss
Lydia Ritchie, and she will come into
contact with all these great folk by
reason of her new position as Lady
Mayoress of London. Of course, ordi
narily a Lady Mayoress is the wife at
the Lord Mayor, but as Sir James T.
Ritchie, who became the city's chief
executive on November 9, Is a widower,
M!ss Ritchie,' his eldest daughter, will
have to help him in all the lavish
entertaining that a Lord Mayor does
during the single year of oflice.
Recently Miss Ritchie embarked upon
her fascinating but exacting new duties
by assisting her father in receiving
the King and Queen of Italy at the
Mansion House, the magnificent effl
cial residence of Lord Mayors, which
is always the scene of the "city's"
welcome to distinguished visitors.
Upon Young Miss Ritchie Will De
volve the Duties of Receiving
Kings, Lords and Princes.
LORD MAYOR'S DAUGHTER .
WILL DO THE HONORS
'The- annual reception of the Forum
Club was held on Wednesday after
noon at Elks' Hall and many were the
handsomely gowned women In attend
ance. Mrs. Payot, the club president,
wore a white lace gown. Mrs. Morffew
wore a beautiful new gown of black
chantilly net over white satin trimmed
with Irish point applique. There were
sleeves 'of black lace and also"\ angel
sleeves of white accordion plaited chif
fon. Mrs. California Newton was a
picture in black chantilly lace gown and
beautiful white coat elaborately
trimmed with" lace. J Her hat. was an
artistic creation of purple and white
hyacinths with pink roses at the back.
Mrs. George Downey (nee Cluff) wore
an imported gown of amethyst color
cloth trimmed with white medallions
and Irish point lace.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Palmer
(nee Smith) will spend the winter
at- the Nordhoff, where they took
apartments upon returning from their
Avedding trip/ The attractive bride is
a i daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Hiram
Smith; who are much beloved for their
geniality. V--X
' Mrs. George G. Carr is spending a few
months at Hanford. California, with
her husband, who is looking after some
business interests in that vicinity. .
Miss Edna Middleton will give a tea
next Tuesday at her home on Green
street. Miss Middleton is a charming
girl and a warm friend of Miss Mayllta
Pease and Gertrude Dutton.
A bill from the California Club rec
ommending that the Calaveras grove
of big 1 trees, be purchased at a cost of
$250,000 by the Government was pre
sented In the lower house at Wash
ington 'last month. When -this grove
is set aside as a reservation and kept
for all time for, .the public, then will
the California Club achieve a triumph
for. which it has been working for
four years.
The Bohemian Club reception last
Tuesday night proved the most enjoy
able one since the recent exhibition be
gan. There was a, crush of handsome
ly gowned -women and their escorts,
members of the popular club, in .the
spacious ' rooms and the pictures were
the subject of enthusiastic comment on
all sides. "• :
Among the guests on Tuesday even
ing were: Miss Bertha Dolbeer," Miss
Warren, Latham McMullin. Grace Mar
tin, Will Horn. James D. Phelan, Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Spreckels Jr., Greer Har
rison, Miss Bernie Drown, Sam Board
man, Mrs. Gerrit L. Lansing, Mr. and
Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Miss Ethel Pat
ton. "Mr. and Mrs. Willard Wayman,
Miss Pearl Landers, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Deering. Miss Grace L. Jones,
.Noble Eaton, Captain and Mrs. Baker.
Captain and Mrs. Sage, Miss Maren
Froelich, Dr.' Lorini, Dr. and j Mrs.
Henry C. Davis, George Bromley. Dr.
George Chismore and Miss Emma Chia
more.'; -'¦ . ' " - - -
tensive repairs before the house can
again be thrown open. Miss Constance
de Young. remained in the city with
relatives during the absence of the
family in the East.
Pius IX and Leo. The Pope bought a
piano here, paying a thousand francs.
He plays an hour dally, mostly ancient
Italian music and some French.
•Mother, why Is it when you pass
Mr. Vanderbilt's house you speak. of it
with such a eort of sacreflness? Father
ppoke in the same way last Sunday
when we came here. Who is Mr. Van
derbilt. mother, and what is there about
him?"
It is to be hoped that mother accepted
the innocent rebuke for her snobbish
ness.
But money is only one factor In a
Fuccessful social career, and not at all
necessary. Of course, a girl's beauty
is enhanced by a luxurious setting.
Good breeding:, an outward expres
sion <tf an inward grace, is one of the
essentials of popularity and a very
broad one. inasmuch as it includes a
multitude of virtues. Ambitious mam
mas who would have their daughters
a social success would do well to realize
that politeness is only kindness and
unless that gentle consideration and
thoughtfulness for others is inherent
in the nature of an individual no
amount of teaching can Instill it. All
attempts will be as futile as Mme.
Nouveau Riche's offer to buy capacity
for her daughter -when told -by the
professor it was what she lacked. Home
influence and careful training count
for a great deal, and if a girl is so
surrounded early In life she i* certain
to absorb some lasting benefits. We
see young women on every "hand who
are dollarless, but who are eagerly
sought after in society because of their
lovable natures and sweet simplicity of
manner, while sometimes those who
have every advantage of culture, travel
and wealth are merely endured or en
tertained out of cheer respect of their
bank accounts. *
Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry of Washing
ton, who Is spending' the winter in this
city with her parents. Dr.. and Mrs. A.
H. Voorhies, is being more feted than
any debutante. Mrs. Runyam will give
her a dinner at her home, 2200 Broad
way, this week, and Mrs. John Charles
Adams will give a dinner in the red
room of the Bohemian Club * on the
third day of next month, in addition
to many other affairs being arranged.
Mrs. Henry has lost none of the popu
larity which she possessed when she
was Miss Kate Voorhies, and is even
more charming and interesting now
than then.
• . • > •
reputation of never Baying unkind
things and often taking time from her
social duties to visit her friends who
are 111, taking them some dainty gift
to brighten the dull hours. "When Miss
Colburn was asked how girls attained
popularity, she replied:
"I think that rests decidedly with
the natural disposition. Training: has
little to do with It. I have seen girls
who had been educated at the best
boarding schools In the East not nearly
as well liked as some of those who
stayed a't home.
"The girls who are affected can. never
be popular. Most people simply cannot
abide them. Affectation is as objec
tionable as naturalness is pleasing in
any one."
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY; ¦ DECEMBER 13; 1903.
THE POPULAR WOMAN
IN SAN FRANCISCO
SOCIETY
20VEW YORK/DIPLOMAT, WHO WILL BE SENT TO PANAMA BT THE
UNITED STATES AS ENVOY EXTRAORDINARY ON A SPECIAL
MISSION. . .
CHAIRMAN OF THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE AND
MEMBERS WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR THE CONVENTION NEXT YEAR ,
Continued "on~ Page 22," Column; 4.
DENVER, Dec. 12.— The executive
board of the Western Federation of
Miners, now in session here,, has au
thorized -a;denial ; of a .published re
port to the effect that the strikes in
the Cripple Creek and Telluride dis
tricts would be called off.
AVillNot Call Off Strike.
SUUGDONS LEAVE FORCEPS
IN A PATIENTS BODY
Carelessness During an Operation
Causes an Indiana Doctor's Death
Two Years l^ater.
VALPARAISO. Ind., Dec. 12. — Dr.
K. B. Washburn is dead in a private
hospital here. Two years ago he was
operated upon at a Chicago hospital,
tvhen a pair of Bteel forceps were
used. In an operation Just performed
here the forceps were found in the
patient's tide near the liver. He died
a few hours after leaving the operat
ing table.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 12.— John Heinlen,
the owner of the Sixth-street China
town and one of the wealthiest men in
Santa Clara: County died this morning,
aged SS years. He was a native of
Ohio and' came to California arid San
Jose in 1852. '. His possessions Included
valuable " city; property," ranches i n : the
county and large land holdings In TU-"
lare County. .The estate will, prob
ably exceed $1,000,000 in value. He
leaves three children, v .
Pioneer Leaves a Million Dollars.
ACTIVITY AT MARE > ISLAND^
Storekeepers Kept • Busy Providing
'. Torpedo-Boats for Long ; Voyage. *
"Y VALLEJO!' Dec. 1 2.— Orders re
ceived-at the navy yardlate yesterday
BALTIMORE, Dec. 12.— Columbus
Ellsworth Upton and Charles" W. Mc-
Gregor, former clerks in the Postoffice
Department .at Washington, who last
Thursday were found guilty of postal
frauds/were to-day* sentenced to two
years in .the Maryland penitentiary
and to pay a fine of $1000 each. Coun
sel fo> both 'defendants gave notice of
appeal. . ¦
Postal .Attaches . Arc Found Guilty of
Fraud and Must Spend Two
Years ; in Penitentiary.
CLERKS MUST PAV *FINE
AND GO TO PRISON
Three Americans and Seven Filipinos
I.cse Their Lives in a Quarry
Near Manila.
MANILA. Dec. 13.— Three Amer
icans and seven, natives were killed
yesterday by the fumes from a blast
of forty-six tons of dynamite in a
quarry of the Atlantic-Pacific Com
pany at Mariveles, near the entrance
to Manila Bay. •
j Among those killed were Joseph
Law. superintendent, and Thomas
Strader, engineer.
FUMES FROM DYNAMITE
BLAST KILL TEN MEN
BERLIN, Dec. 12.— The reason Ger
many has decided to break off .diplo
matic relations with theServian court,
for the present at least, is that the so
cial season- ie about to begin in' Bel
grade and King Peler has issued in
vitations to balls, official entertain
ments and ' other festivities,' as usual
at all European capitals. It is stated
that the Ministers accredited • to Bel
grade have never ceased earnestly, to
advise, King Peter to dissociate himself
from the murderers of his ; predeces
sor and the lattef's , wlf e and to de
mand their . punishment. The Servian
King disregards^ this advice and has
not even answered 'the notes. -
. Affairs reached a crisis when.it was
evident that King Peter intended to
invite the regicide? Ministers, "shake
hands with them and dance with their
wives. Germany, accordingly,, decided
that it was time j for; her Minister: to
take a leave of absence.
Refusal of Servian King to Punish
\ Regicides Causes Breaking of
Diplomatic Relations. .
EFFRONTERY OF PETER
SHOCKS THE MINISTERS
LONDON. Dec. 12.— The fact that
King Edward gets through . with so
much work and yet retains unimpaired
his elasticity and vigor has been a
sourceof wonder for. a long time, even
to members of the medical profession.
The explanation of the mystery is of
fered at last. .
j For "amrath cast the King is said
to have been taking electric light baths.
The scientific rejuvenators are installed
in Windsor Castle and in Buckingham
Palace. They are both' of the double
light variety, with a projector of 2500
candle-power for use upon lopal affec
tions of the body. - Inside the bath, in
which a sitting posture Is adopted,
there are fifty-two electric lamps,
which radiate any colored light de
sired. The light not only permeates
every part of the body but has a sort
of. Turkish >ath effect. The lights are
of colors which, scientists say, have
curative effects on certain ailments.
The King was present ,at the Isling
ton cattle show this week and many
were the comments on his well being.
He was one of the keenest spectators
and moved about the pens with an ac
tivity that would have done credit to
a man of half his age..
Special Cablegram. to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
BERLIN, Dec. 12.— According to the
Saale Zeitung the engagement between
Grand Duke Cyril of Russia' and the
divorced Grand Duchess Victoria Mel
ita of Hesse is encountering serious
difficulties, the Russian Emperor for
bidding it, both on the score of differ
ence in religion and too close relation
ship. Private information fully con
firms this.
The young Grand Duke, in spite, of
his father's and the Emperor'* wishes,
persisted in his attentions to his cousin,
with whom he Is desperately in love,
but the Czar would not hear of t It and
his imperial Hfehness faced the alter
native of breaking off the engagement
or losing both his rank as Grand Duke
and the money which goes with it and
also of having to leave Russia.
Special Cablegram to The Call and ??e*r York
Heraia. Copyright. 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing 1 Company.
Mrs. Turner'fought for possession of
the child, and 5 - hat screams were heard
fpr; blocks. "AfteAthe girl was taken
from her she. gathered all the little
one's clothes and,, piling them in a
heap on . the floor, set fire to them.
Neighbors saved the house from de
struction. Mrs. Turner lost her chil
dren'two years ago In a fire. She es
caped by Jumping from a second-story
window, and was crippled.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 12.—Three
year-old Lucille McQuarry was taken
from her foster-mother, Mrs. A. L. Tur
ner, by Sheriff Layton at Pendleton
last night, on a complaint filed by the
neighbors that the child was being ter
ribly abused.
When taken "to the home of Walter
Wells x the little girl's fingers were
found to have been bitten through the
flesh to the bone and her finger nails
of one hand had been pulled out. Her
body was a mass of bruises and tooth
prints.
The mistreatment is said to have
been going on for three weeks. Mrs.
Turner adopted the child three months
ago. Mrs.. Gertrude McQuarry, a wid
ow and mother of the. child, formerly
lived in Milton, but moved to Pendle
tbn last spring with two children, both
of whom she allowed to be adopted
tvhen she remarried.
Special Diaratch to The Call
It is not believed, however, by those
who know Mr. Bennett intimately that
this caused his change • of attitude
toward the administration,' for the
Herald has always been independent
In its policy and even in this morning's
issue the Herald publishes dispatches
from all parts of the country, showing
Roosevelt's great popularity. Under
the caption, "New York Is Firm for
Roosevelt." a Herald news story says:
"Although there is more opposition
in New York City to the nomination of
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.—Wash
ington politicians are puzzled over the
New York Herald's sudden change of
editorial policy. A few months ago
there appeared regularly at the head
of its editorial page:
*;For President, Theodore Roosevelt
of ' New York. For Vice President,
George Dejvey of Vermont,"
This morning's issue contains the fol
lowing paragraph in italics, printed in
many different parts of the paper:
"An accidental President has never
been elected President of the United
States. . "Will Mr. Roosevelt prove an
exception to 'the rule, and will he be
nominated by the Republican party?"
Some of Mr. Roosevelt's friends al
leged that the Herald's change of at
titude toward the President was
caused by the failure of the adminis
tration to espouse the Herald's scheme
for Joint British-American naval
maneuvers. The Herald has lately, in
its editorial and news columns, ad
vocated these joint maneuvers and the
emphasis and persistency .with which
this project was supported in cable
dispatches from Paris created the be
lief that James. Gordon Bennett him
self was especially Interested in the
proposed maneuvers. Last week
President Roosevelt vetoed the prop
osition. S
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Electric Light Baths
-Are Benefiting
Edward VII
Interferes With the
Grand Duke Cyril's
Wooing..
Child Suffers, Apy
at a Residence
in Orep.
New York Editor Now
an Opponent of
'Roosevelt.
KING'S GAIN
IN HEALTH
EXP[LAINED
CZAR GETS
IN THE WAY
OF LOVERS
NEIGHBORS
STOP THE
TORTURES
BENNETT'S
CHANGE OF
ATTITUDE
Regarding it as very desirable that
the-new Minister shallbe at his post
at an early momenCthe State Depart
ment has adopted the unusual course
of 'making but for him a special com
mission, independent of the nomination
in* regular form to-day' submitted. This
commission designates Buchanan j as
Envoy Extraordinary on a- special mis
sion. Under its powers he will be able
to perform all the duties of a * regular
Minister, arid more if-need. be! He will
hold; this -commission until such time
as the . United States j Senate ' shall \ have
Confirmed his regular nomination as
Minister- Plenipotentiary and Envoy
Extraordinary to 'Panama. Thus
armed,.- Buchanan will ' take .the first
steamer from ' New '. York for Panama,
sailing next' Tuesday. \. . •.*
Although the fact would not be dis
closed, the presumption is that, in the
event of troops being sent. General
Bell will be put in command.
NAMES MINISTER TO PANAMA.
The Preside'nt to-day sent to the Sen
ate the nomination of William I. Bu
chanan of New York to be Envoy Ex-,
traordinary and Minister Plenipoten
tiary to Panama. Buchanan's selection
was brought about by a desire on the
part of the Presldent-to secure, tempo
rarily at least, and during the crystal
lization of the relations between the.
United States and Panama, the services
of a trained and experienced diplomat
ic representative, having special refer
ence to his knowledge of the' Latin-
American races. By -reason ' of .long
service as United States Minister to
the Argentine republic, Buchanan fills
that description -In' the estimation of
the State Department. It is under
stood that his assumption of duties is
not to be permanent, for he sacrificed
large; interests to undertake the work.
Buchanan was director general of the
Pan-American Exposition' at Buffalo.
GOES AS SPECIAL ENVOY.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., Dec. 12."
General J., Frank Bell, commander at
Fort , Leave nworth, has -received 'a
message calling . him , to Washington.
He started for the East to-day. Some
of the local officers believe that Gen
eral Bell is to be called into confer
ence on the Panama situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The com
ing of General Bell to Washington,
while it has more or, less to. do with
affairs conccted with the General
Staff, College, is. admitted to-night by
officers of the general staff to be for
the purpose of consulting with the
officials regarding a probable cam
paign against Colombia, should that
country continue the movement of
troops toward the' isthmus. It was
intimated that affairs had reached the
point , where . United States j troops
might be moved at any. time, which
would seem to indicate that the de
partment is in possession of informa-'
tiou the nature of which justifies ac
tual preparations -for the. movement
of United States troops toward Pan
ama. "
able the Colombian troops ; to Invade
Panama.
v "According to these : advices there . is
in Cartagena a standing army of 1000
men. •. - . . '.""¦•. . • -• - : .- .
A resolution "was adopted prescrib
ing that the convention should be
called in the. exact language of the
call of IS 00. giving the State four
delegates at large and two delegates
for each Congressional district and
to the Territories six delegates each.
Delegates must be selected prior to
May 21.
Chairman Hanna designated as a
committee to prescribe the manner of
electing delegates to the convention
from the District of Columbia Senator
McComas of Maryland, J. W. Yerkes
of Kentucky and Representative
Brownlow of Tennessee.
Pittsburg and St. Louis were rivals
Of Chicago for the convention. Each
city was well represented in oratory
before the committee, and each also
had a cash offer to make. Pittsburg
offered $100,000; Chicago. S75.OOC and a
hall, and St. Louis $40,000 and a hall.
The vote stood 43 for Chicago, 7 for
Pittsburs and 1 for St. Louis.
The work of the committee was har
monious throughout. Its open session
to-day was attended by many Repub
lican members of the committee. Sev
eral minor questions were referred to
special committees. Included in this
list n-as the representation asked for
by Porto Rico, Hawaii and Luzon,
the socialistic problem and the politi
cal rights of the negro.
The committee on arrangements for
the convention includes Senator N. B.
Fcott of West Virginia, chairman:
Senator Hnrma, Postmaster General
Payne. Harry S. New of Indianapolis'
and R. B. Schneider of Nebraska.
Senator Hanna dined the committee
in the Arlington Hotel this evening.
COLONIES' REPRESENTATION*.
The executive session occupied an
hour and forty minutes. The first
business taken up was the question of
admitting delegates to the convention
from Porto Bico. The question was
referred to a., committee -consisting of
H. C. Payne. ?N. B. Scott. J. H. Gallin
ger. R. E. Murphy arid'D.'W.-Mul
vane. The committee has power sim
ply to mal?e recommendations to the
convention* but can report for Ha
waii ar.d Luzon as well.
Socialism as a political factor is -to
be Investigated by a.cpmmittee. which
also is to take up the question of
guaranteeing the right of negro citi
zens. The . committee consists of
George R. Sheldon of New York, My
ron T. Herrick of Ohio, J. E. Addicks
of Delaware. J. C. Capers of South
Carolina, J. W. Lyons of Georgia. ••
Capers said to the committee that
his right to sit as a member of the
committee had been questioned.
Chairman Hanna replied that, under
a resolution adopted at the last con
vention, no one could question his
membership. The protest against Ca
pers xras laid on the table.
COMMITTEE ON* ELECTION'.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 12.— The Na
tional Republican convention will be
be held in Chicago, beginning at noon
on June 21 next. The Republican Na
tional Committee reached this conclu
sion to-day and adjourned subject to
call.
Harmonious Ses
sion of Party
Leaders.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 12.— "With her
mind a blank and raving constantly , of
unknown terrors, a young Sister of
Mercy, whose name is not disclosed by
her friends, lies in St. John's Orphans'
Asylum, near Wheeling, «W. Va., the
victim. of an attack by three negroes,
all of whom fare now in custody. Al
though the crime was committed on
the night of October 21, all mention, of
it has been carefully suppressed until
to-day, when Chief of. Police t John S.
Ritz of Wheeling stopped/ here for a
short time en his way back from Co
lumbia, Va., carrying. with him Thomas
Ea'ston, alleged to be the third . of the
trio, the others havlngv.been: arrested
soon after the crime in -
"The young Sister "v-xtho;; was at
tackedJ'.salda.Chief^Ritz; I four,
be dead by.tJje'ti^^^r^a'ch^Wheellns:
I cannot make ifi^natne.publlV/, for I
have been- urged'.hot to r do . so*. V' -\S.^f^\
'"Si".' John's Asylum^hasJa chapel be
tween two buildings, one *fqr boys v and
one for girls. %There are about six sis-,
ters in charge; of the little ones, end
one of .them i3 left in-, charge of oach
building while the .others attend .'ves
pers in the evening at 7:30 o'eiock
with the grown children. . .
"The sister left in charge of the boys'
building on the night of October 21 was
a slender and fragile -girl of 10. years.
Three negroes gained entrance to the
building. The sister was putting the
tiniest of the children to bed. As she
left the nursery she was felled with a
fist blow, but was not rendered uncon
scious.
"The little sister staggered to her
feet and held up a crucifix that hung
from her waist.
" 'I aift a child of Christ,' she plead
ed. •' 'Kill me.'
. "The three negroes caught her In
their arms and smothered her cries by
stuffing cotton in her mouth. Then her
veil was wrapped about her head and
the girdle about her waist was used to
bind her arms.
"After vespers the other sisters and
children entered the building and found
the victim, bound tightly, half-suffo
cated, with bruises and wounds upon
head and body."
' Chief Ritz says he has no idea that
there will be a lynching— that the peo
ple of Wheeling will be satisfied to al
low the law to take its course. The ne
gro arrested in Columbia- denies any
knowledge of the crime charged against
him,' and professes willingness -to ac
company his captor. With the mind of
the victim. gone, it is feared that it
may prove, impossible to identify her
assailants.
fe*< s 'pl , DUpatch to The Call
Officials Withhold -News -of '.the Out
rage Until the Culprits 'Are Cap
tured and Imprisoned.
Sister ol Mercy, RoMed of
Reason, Is Dying in •
Hospital.
Atrocious Crime at a
Southern Orphan
Asylum,
YOUNG NUN
IS A VICTIM
OF NEGROES
CHICAGO GETS REPUBLICAN CONVENTION;
JUNE 21 IS DATE FIXED BY COMMITTEE
GENERAL BELL SUMMONED TO WASHINGTON TO TAKE COMMAND OF ARMY
TO BE SENT TO REPEL COLOMBIAN INVASION OF THE REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
Bogota Determined
to Force War on
the Isthmus.
Continues to Move
Troops to the
Front
PANAMA, Dec. 12. — Advices re
ceived here from Cartagena say that
the Colombian cruisers Cartagena and
General Pinzon have landed 400 men
under Generals Bustamente and Ortiz
at 'Cape Tiburon, at the mouth of the
Atrato River, with the object of cut
ting paths across the mountains to cn-
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
. . TSA^THEATIKS. r> (•
Alcazar— "aV Ko^dl Prisoner,"
Matinee To3©ay7>«.. *{£ C>».
AUxunbxa — XOlarTV. Italian
Baafi. \ A '_v*
California — "PoxyNjraiWpa."/'*
Central— M Kew YoJJr fi«y 1&,
Day." Matiaee To-Uay. * ',
Columbia— "Way DowsvEast.*'
rischer'« — "X. O. U."
To-Day.
Orand — "The Bonnie T|rita<
Bnah."
Onahenm — VaadevlUa. Matlnea
To-Day.
Tie CJiutcs — Vaudeville.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 13.
, ycrecast made at San Traa
citco. Tor , thirty/ hours eadia g
nTidaijrtt. Dccentcr 13:
*Saa P^atiico and vicinity—
weather Sun
day, probably thoweri; Xitfht
southeast winds.
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE; CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER/ 13, 1903— PAGES 21 TO 34.
The San Francisco CallJapan Receives Russia's Reply^
TOklO.- Dec. .12.— Russia's reply
has been received.-'. The Russian Min
ister informed Premier Katsura; that {
Russia' entertained Japan's proposals, 'T
probably, \vith modifications. ./-The |
general election has • been"- fixed for
March;;i: * ••• - • * -..: j
¦- ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 12.—Profes
sor Migulin has published some- inter
esting results of an inquiry Into the
cost of Russia's railway craze.'
• The Manchurian line, In' Its far from
complete condition, has already cost
$185,000,000. and the . professor very
much doubts if it will ever pay.. The
annual loss on working the .line
amounts now to $5,000,000 apart from
interest on capital, while the' guarding
of the railway swallows up $7,500,000 a
year. , The steamship company has a
deficit of $10,000,000. .= ,. : : .. : .. .V^S';
Adding to these heavy annual losses
the further expenditure on completing
the line and ports and maintain, the
troops concentrated In the^ Far East/ a
total of $40,000,000 to : $50,000,000 , Is
shown as the annual drain on the Rus-;
sian peasantry. v. '/
Russia's Railroad Craze.
Roosevelt than, in. any other part of
the country, excepting Ohio, there
seems not. even a remote possibility
that the delegation from this State
to the Republican National Conven
tion will not tie unanimous for him.
Upon this point - Governor Odell and
Senator Platt are in accord and be
tween them they, control every branch
of the Republican organization."
The following captions in the Herald
also indicate the trend of sentiment in
various sections: •
"New England still with Mr. Roose
velt: Hanna boom has not yet put in an
appearance in that section.".
"New Jersey takes Hanna at his
word, and Governor Murphy says the
State will be for Roosevelt."
"Pennsylvania might -be nagged into
line for Hanna. although Quay has not
yet forgiven him."
The Herald also prints this table,
showing the States Indorsing Roose
velt in advance: Alaska (already elect
ed) 2, Alabama 22. California 20, Colo
rado 10, Connecticut 14, Delaware 6,
Iowa 26. Kansas 20, Kentucky 26, Mas
sachusetts 32, Maryland 16, Minnesota
22, Montana 6, Missouri 36, New Hamp
shire 8, New York 78, Nebraska 16,
Pennsylvania 68, Rhode Island 8, Texas
36, Utah 6, Washington 10, Vermont 8.
Total 496. Total vote in the convention
S68. Necessary to nominate 485.
In singular contrast to the news dis
patch showing Roosevelt sentiment ap
pears the following Washington dis
patch, which i$: given prominence: .
"It. is clear that Mr. Roosevelt has
lost ground with- the people during the
last - year. Wall i street's opposition
LONDON. Dec. lS.^Seldom d6es
man when jilted take his wounded
heart to court in the hope of getting
damages for breach of promise. ' On
the rare occasions When he does so a
contemptuous jury generally awards
him a farthing.-but this week a, faith
less woman had to pay £250 for jilt
ing a bicycle dealer.
Constance Van der Bergh courted
Prank Knight assiduously against her
father's will, because the' latter's
wealth was not sufficient in her >ich
parent's eyes. \ Finally Miss Van der
Bergh wrote to Knight declaring that
they must elope.
Shortly afterward she married an
other man, offering Knight the sole
excuse that she did so. because she was
afraid that her mother might have an
apoplectic fit if-Bhe remained true to
him. . -
English Court Orders a Maiden to Give
a Bicycle Dealer £250 Because
She Jilted Him.
THIS TIME THE GIRL
MUST PAY DAMAGES
Pays Dear for. Stubbornness. ¦
A man in uewision, Aie.^aenea tne
city authorities to 'Collect his poll tax,
and they "jailed him, and he has been
behind the bars since, August. 5, run
ning up * bill of $.1 75_a week in addi
tion to his $2 poll tax. He must pay
both before "he can be Released, and it
looks as 'if he "would pay dear for his
stubbornness. .
BERLIN, Dec. 12.— A wealthy citizen
of Cracow named Messakowski has' dis
tributed his entire fortune of a quarter
of a million pounds sterling in scholar
ships for poor students. Herr Messa
kowski is a bachelor and was noted for
his parsimony. • >>/:
Gives Wealth to Poor Students.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
BIHETrS CHANGE OF "ATTITUDE
The Herald devotes considerable
space to reprints from various papers
booming Hearst for' President. This
also has set. the tongues of politicians
wagging. It is believed the Herald
merely wishes to maintain its reputa
tion for Impartiality and independence.
has been manifest for many months,
but recently there have been indica
tions that the distrust of the President
has permeated the whole business
community and that doubts of Mr.
Roosevelt's strength as a candidate
prevail 'among Republican leaders,
great and small. No matter what the
Senator may say now, the Hanha
boom, even though it has no pledged
delegates behind it, seems bound to
come to the front again and again
and only to end with the balloting for
President"
The change that has come, over Mex
ico since Porfirlo Diaz first became
President twenty-six years' ago is suf
ficiently shown by glancing over the
history of that anarchial state for the
twenty-six years which preceded his
accession to the office which he still
holds. Between 1S51 and 1858 Arista,
Herrera, Santa Anna, Carrera, Alvarez,'
Comonfort and Zuloaga rapidly suc
ceeded each other either as president or
dictator, and the expulsion of the. last
was followed by three years' civil war,
which culminated in the intervention of
.Great Britain, France, and Spain, to ob
tain satisfaction for the murder and
robbery of their subjects. Then Jol
lowed the brief and unstable empire
under Maximilian, ending in his ( trial
and execution. Afterward Juarez, ai
full-blooded Indian, wart president "un
til his death in' 1S72, arid he was suc
ceeded by Ledro de Tejada; whom Diaz
overthrew in 1877. Even if President-
Diaz disappeared, constitutional gov
ernment is now so well rooted in Mex
ico that, a return to, revolution would,
it may be hoped, be impossibly,—Lon
don Chronicle.
Greatness of Diaz.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 2.— The Co
loinbian : legation to-night received a
cablegram from General de Castro,
commander iri chief of the Colombian'
army, dated 'Port Limon, Costa Rica,
to-day, conveying the , information
that the; results. .0,1, the, election for
President held, throughout Colombia
on December 8 • jsho,w a complete tri-;
umph for General Reyes. When seenl
to-night General Reyes would make
no statement beyond saying that he'
(expected to remain . in the United
States for a fortnight longer.
General j Is Elected President of . the
Colombian Republic.
REYES SUCCEEDS MARROQUIX.
Spectacles That Will Greatly In
' crease Efficiency '. of Arms.
BERLIN, Dec. 12.— The German army
administration believes it has at last
found spectacles which will enable pri
vate soldiers to shoot straight.
It has been quite a problem to in- 1
crease the effectiveness of the firing j
line by having, glasses enabling the j
wearers to see true, .the 'difficulty be- i
Ing that the soldier, is unable to adjust j
his glasses and, often must look \
through the edge instead of the middle j
of the lens. This difficulty is obviated
by the insertion of a special "aiming
lens," which always remains at a right
angle to the line of vision. ,
It was observed during the hot days
of the autumn maneuvers that soldiers i
on the firing line were occasionally j
seen to wipe their spectacles or ,goj
stumbling along In a charge because
their glasses were clouded with per
spiration.
German Inventor Has —Discovered
GLASSES WILL HELP
SOLDIERS AIM STRAIGHT
Toilet cases in buckhorn, celluloid and |
leather. Handsomest line ever. Sanborn, I
Vail & Co., 741 Market street.. • !
'During, the meeting it was stated on |
behalf of Senator Smoot that he had
employed counsel, and that John G.
Carlisle would conduct the prosecution.
2. The first presidency and twelve apostles
are supreme In the exercises and transmission I
of the mandates of this authority. •
3. As this body of men-has not abandoned !
the principles and . practices -bf political dicta- }
lion; so also it has not abandoned belief in i
polygamy and polygamous cohabitation.
4. That this is the attitude of the first pres
idency and apostolate, even since the suspen
cory- manifesto of ISOO/ is evidenced by their
teachings. / •
5. ¦ This body of officials, of whom Senator- i
etect Smoot Is one, also practice or connive at i
and encourage the practice of polygamy and \
polygamous cohabitation, and those whom they i
have permitted to hold legislative offices have
without protest or objection from them sought I
to pass a law nullifying enactments against to- >
lygamons cohabitation. Jt
0. The supreme authorities in the churcnT '
of which Senator-clecr Smoot Is one to wit: (
the first presidency and twelve apcstles o not !
only connivd nt violations, but protect and
honor the violators of- the laws against po
lygamy and polygamous cohabitation. , •
Jl. The Mormon priesthood, according i to the
doctrines of that church. Is vested .with su
preme authority In all ..things temporal and
spiritual. )
The specific charge against Smoot as
a polygamist is made by John T. Lei
tich. The other charges are signed by
eighteen citizens . of Utah, of whom
fourteen are Republicans, and four are
Democrats. -A statement has been filed
with the committee giving the occupa
tions and other facts concerning the
signers. This statement shows them
to be men of standing. Their charges
are:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12. — The Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions met to-day to outline a policy to
be pursued in investigating the pro
tests,filed against Senator Reed Smoot
being permited to retain his seat arid
decided that before taking further
steps Senator Smoot should be given
an opportunity to make reply to the
charges. Senator Burrows, chairman
of the committee, was instructed . to
notify Smoot of the decision of the
committee and to request that what
ever reply he may desire to make shall
be in writing.
Senate Committee: Will Give
the Mormoil Statesman Op
portunity for Making Defense
HEARING TO BE GRANTED
Citizens of Utah Submit a
Statement Embodying- a
- Series^ of Specific Charges
The voting will be direct and secret
and the elections will take place on
December 28.
PANAMA. Dec. 12.— Considering the
republic of Panama to be in complete
peace, the Junta .to-morrow will pub
lish a decree convoking a national con
vention for January 15, 1904. This'con
vention will formulate a constitution
and laws fop the government of the re
public. It will be composed of thirty
two representatives — four each from
the provinces of Bocas del Toro, Colon,
Cocole, Veraguez.~L.os Santos and Chi
riqui, and eight from Panama. 1 All
males born within the boundaries of
the new republic who have 'reached the
age of 21 years and reside on the isth
mus and all Colombians who have
sworn allegiance , to the republic shall
have a right to vote, unless they have
been deprived of their, rights of citizen
ship.
Panama Junta Calls Convention to
- Meet In January.
WILL HAVE A PRESIDENT.
to place the torpedo-boat destijpyers
Paul/Jones "and JPreble in. commission
at orice have caused unusual activity]
at the yard. They will be ready for'
sea Monday. The Perry is in com
mission and all stores for the two
boats were assembled to-day. They
wfll be delivered to; the boats on Sun
day. The. Perry and Preble are be
ing coaled and some slight repairs are
being made. The torpedo-boats will
go to San Francisco Monday, there to
'await further orders.
Constructor Zahn went to San
Francisco to-day, and visited the
Union Iron Works regarding the
docking of the ' torpedo-boats, as
the drydock _ at . Mare Island is now.
occupied by. other vessels. The boats
will require their bottoms scraped and
will then be ready for sea. It is like
ly that Warrant Officer Richardson
will go to the city to superintend the
docking. .' ;f \
Owing to having to carry such an
immense amount of stores for Ad
miral Evans* fleet in addition to her
usual' stores, it seems highly probable
that the Solace will be overloaded and
it may be necessary to send for the
collier Saturn now at Bremerton to
carry the overflow. The storehouse
is now rushed with work making
ready to fill the requisitions of the
Kentucky, Oregon, Wisconsin, New
Orleans, Albany, Cincinnati and Ra
leigh, • which will arrive on the Pa
cific Mail steamer Doric from China
to-day: Inspections of goods are be
ing -rushed and everything has been
made ready for the checking and fill
ing of requisitions to-morrow. All
employes 'of the storehouse are or
dered to be on -hand at 7 o'clock to
morrow morning.
ACCUSE SMOOT
0F P0LYGAMY
Continued • From Page 21,, Column 5.
GENERALBELL TO COMMAND ARMY
Till? SAN FRANCISCO vCALU, SUNDAY, DECEMBER;- "13, ..1903.
22
• DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Don't Send a Penny
¦ Tu<st xrait till you see what I can do.
S me take the risk. Let mo prove up first what Dr Shoop's
ReBO^atU'l can do. - The Restorative will gain your friendship.
?our indorsement if you test iC And for a whole month you can.
i^te^i^|^i?n§ you who will furnish si, bo*
ties of .^
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
I will absolutely stand ail the cost 1/ it fails. If^you say. "It
did n^t help me." that ends it aa far as cost to you is concerned.
Do voit understand me?. I- am -.tolling it as plainly, asxlearly as I
t7_t Uke thif "it "would bankrupt the physician making'the offer/ .:
'^h^S^SS^S^'Oniy one. in. each forty '-
-^7« m^that toy remVdy failed. Just think of it— 39 out of, 40 jcet •
of us his gratitude. Your reward will be his gratitude. Send for .
the book now. Do not delay.
Book No. 1 on -Dyspepsia.
Simply state -hich book you B.ok No.2 •-¦"gjtgar^ .
want and .address Dr. ¦ Snoop, , Book No. 4' for Women. ',*
Box "630. nadne, Wis. r • i ¦ . -. Book No." 5. for Men (sealed).. .. ,
, . - ; ¦"• .. Book No. 6 en Rheumatism.
\ Mild cases,, not chronic, are often cured with ' one Or two bot-
tles. At druggists'." ¦"
: ADVEBTIS3BMENTS.
Get Rid ,
of Scrofula
Banches, eruptions. Inflammations, sore
nesB of the eyelids and ears, diseases of the
bones, rickets, dyspepsia; catarrh, pasting,
are only some of the troubles it causes. '
It is a very active evil, making havoc of
the whole system.
Hood'sSarsapariHa
Eradicates it. cures all its manifestations,
and builds up .the whole system.
Accept no substitute. ... ¦¦':.'. . .
R ad way's
hZJSm H I amak. ¦
. Purely vegetable, mill and reliable. Caucea
p«rfect dJKestion. • complete " Absorption and
be_lthrul r*rul«rtt7.. »•.-.:'• --.-:...,
¦ *Xer the cure of all dlscrders of the Stomach.
I-lver; Bowels. Sidneys, Bladder. Ffinale ' Ir-
r<"irularUles. Sipk Hcadtcbe. . Blltpusness, Con-
ctlpatlun. Piles and - alt derangements of i th«
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. -At drupglsu or
'br'm-ii. .' - iHirjWAT & CO.. New York. ; :
ADVERTISEMENTS. • •
a _ ' Visit our Art Department" on the third floor. jj
M Store open evenings until Christmas. |j
I Make This
I Your Christmas Store
H You will find it decidedly to your advantage to come here for
|| your Christmas tokens. We offer great assortments, and are re-
h ducing the prices throughout the store. Besides the articles men-
|| tioned in the ad below we have large assortments of:
|| Mufflers ' Piano Covers
y Suspenders / Couch Covers
H Battenberg Pieces Lace Bed Spreads
II Mexican Drawn Work Lace Curtains.
|| Umbrellas Calendars
U Table Covers Pin Cushions
|3 Battenberg Materials Art Novelties.
§ '_#_»v $- 6 - 50 SflK Waist, $5.00
H • »^^^^^ i • Pcau de Soie Silk Waist, fancy trim-
m 5^&^T med - Tucked back and front in shades of
II S- / Light Blue, Pink, Reseda, Gray, (j*r f)f)
B Jh-TX Cream and Black. Special price •P<J»UU
1 MMwh $10.00 Silk Waist
| /|liffl\ for $7.50.
¦ foJVv\[«f*' lM\ ) Fine quality of Peau de Cygne Silk
' f'J&^WSffl-i* \ Waist, fancy tucked^ yoke, back and
'' / lA$ W#fivk ' \ beeves. Trimmed down the front with
P / 7/W4*2H»Vr* \ fancy buttons. Colors Tink. Light Blue,
¦III /_W * I W» Reseda, Cream and Black.£7'f0.
I IV^^V' Special price &i*OU
l^M-' fr $35.00 Fancy Dress Suit
EH I M*] ____Srl \ v " "
II W 7mr •,::"•¦¦-¦ ' _, C COC f\f\
I Tailo -made Venetian Cloth Sutt. Blouse style, long coat effect; has
y fancv capes over shoulders. Trimmed with fancy silk braid, bkirt is
4 s-:yen-gore flare. Colors Black and Navy Blue. Special $25*00
M Fine quality -Kersey Cloth Coat, tailor-made, capes over shoulders;,
i 1 fitted back, with full pouch fancy sleeve. . Length CigQO
| 1 36 inches. Colors Black and Tan. Special price V iUlVV
J I $2.00 Umbrella Shawl, $1.50
I Hand-made Crochet Umbrella Shawl, made of Shetland Floss. •
1 Colors are Cream, Black, Cardinal and White, with. colored border;
1 combinations of borders are Blue and White. Pink and. fit CQ
U White and Black and White. Special price *"•«'«'
I $3.00 Waist Pattern, $1.95
U SiV' Lansdowne. pure silk and wool, in all colors.. Put CT O C
H up in **ieat boxes. Special price for the waist pattern W-"
I Waist Pattern, $2.75
@ Metallic Velvets and Corduroys, in fancy figured and metal
1 dot" effects. In all colors, also black with 3ilver figures. $2.75
|| Put up in neat boxes. Special price for the waist pattern *w •
I Waist Patterns, $1.00, $1.50, $2.50
if Fancv Oxford Cheviots, in cream and colored grounds, in neat
1 new designs and striped effect. A Jarge .variety to choo^ from
i Full waist patterns put up in neat boxes at _$1.OO.. *i.o<J. ana
I 50c Bachelor Cushion, Top and
I . Bachelor Cushion Top, something entirely new, and a very
1 suitable Christmas gift for a gentleman. It is tinted and takes
I- very few stitches to work. We have them made up for your
i inspection. Special price for top and back
M The above 13 one of the very best values we otter.
1 $1.50 Velour Cvshions, $1.00
I I ~ Velour Cushions of finest quality of velour top and sateen back.
il Trimmed at- each corner with a pretty tassel, filled with a
I rood quality 24-inch floss pillow, in rich colorings of fed, green
I ?n° blues with Persian and Roman designs a useful ornament for
1 cozy corner or parlo?. Regularly sold for $1.50. Special
M price .....*V.'-. • • ' " *•..•
I 20c Embroidered Edge HandKerchicfs,
' E A very special offering in Ladies' Handkerchiefs, of fine lawn,
1 > with embroidered edge. Handkerchiefs are always, accept- #^
p! able Christmas gifts.- Special price, each -
I Men's $K25 Initial Handkerchiefs,
'If Men's Handkerchiefs, having one-inch hem with beautiful em-
! I - broidered initial in the corner. There are six in ;a box. Suitable
S gift for gentlemen for Christmas. Regularly $.1.25. box J$q
m of six ....:.->.....- •••'••:
I Ladies' ,50c Collars, 25c Each
c^ ' This is a special offering in Ladies' Neckwear. Includes some
1 ' of the latest novelties in trimmed collars, fancy' open work with
I fagoting; also some very neat Persian effects. Excellent 25C
I value at 50c. Special price
\i $2,00 Chain Purses, $1.25
fe Ah appropriate Christmas gift for a lady. Comes in Walrus.
3 *Seal and Suede Kid. in Black. Brown and Gray. Contains separate
U purse and card case. Sold regularly at $_.oo each. Spe- £J ; 25
II cial price •
I ~ $1.25 Silk Gauze Fans, 75c Each
I Hand-painted Gauze Fans, with neat edge of lace on top, in the
latest size and style. Makes a pretty holiday gift. Good J£ c
value at $1.25. Special price •••
I Celebrated Peerless Kid Gloves,
I $1.50 Pair.
I Our Ladies' Peerless Kid Gloves are without anycqual. Every
pair fitted, and if they break or tear we give you an6ther pair for
the asking. We issue Glove Orders when you are4n doubt of the
size.
SilK Featherbone Stock Collars, 10c
- 110 dozen more of those celebrated Silk Featherbone Collars
" have "just arrived. They are easily trimmed and make. pretty IQq
Christmas gifts. Specia} price^each
Our Lace Department has been extremely busy supplying the
wants of our customers with materials for-trimming stock collars,
but we still have a beautiful line of. Lace Medallions, Chiffon Me- ,
daliions, Beaded Edges, Silk Applique, Lace Applique. Steel, Gold
I and Silver Beads: also a complete line of Jewels, Golr Braid, len-
eriffe Wheels and Velvet Ribbon. These articles are now making ex-
quisite neckwear.
60c Tapestry, 39c Yard
500 yards of new tapestry in Oriental effects and Roman stripes.
Width 50 inches; suitable for couch covers, portieres and cozy cor-
ners One of the best values ever offered in our Drapery OQ n
-¦ Department. • Sold regularly at 6oc a yard. Special price. .".. «J^C
V If you are in doubt as to what to give as a Christmas token,
g procure a Glove or Merchandise Order. Good at any time, in any •
I department.
\\ ' We Stamp free Of Charge We advise our country cui-,1
1 . -,, j r r- „!,. •_, J,i' tomers to order promptly to get
I all goods bought in our- thf advanta - c v ol t p heS e • low
DR. KTXMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. .
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It
, , t
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects *of any kind, of severe physical
strain are felt, first of all, in the small of the back— in other words, in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys. : This* is
as true in the case of the very powerful as it is with one of less strength, and it is especially 'true ,. whenever the
kidneys are weak or out of order.
The Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp- Root, strengthens the kidneys and through them helps all the
WOMEN suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not always correctly understood; in many cases-
when doctoring they are led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of sonie sort is responsible for their ills,
when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles. Perhaps you suffer almost con-
tinually with pain io the back, bearing: down feelings, headache and utter exhaustion. \-i
I' rwnui-r »,, a ,ii • ...& I YOUR poor health makes you nervous, irritable and at times despondent:
DION T KNOW I HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE I but thousands of just such suffering or broken-down women are being re-
stored to health and strength every day by the use of that wonderful discovery.
i bad tri*-d *o many r«m*dip« without thHr Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy,
kavias benefited me that I w« about <lUc^r- . _ , , NOT only' does Swamp-Root bring
« TO-DAY 1AM IN SPLENDID HEALTH new life and g$& to the kidnevs. the
!— — »^ i— — i— ¦ «— ! cause of the trouble, but by strength-
t.t^r^rTi:r^^y y tir^r^ ™»s ** ! |^ «» s«e«i.
wj»i«, and when I finally was able to leave my tonic and IOOd tor tne entire COnsil-
• /^^^^^^\ | SWAMP-ROOT A ELESSING TO WOMEN]
feoa'IarhP rao« of the V.rr.e. I did not know that *- hJ ' \ 'fiie^^ ''¦*' -"f/ /
rr.y ki.jn'-yf v.crr- the .aus»> of my trouble bun b * d * *"»* left w lth excruciating- pains In my \>SfSl^%MS<5nu<^ii i Svi/' s iJf/ /
•eraehow feJt they might b*. and I bppan tak- back, uhich convinced me that I had a severe X^^^^^^^P^Sir'^tit^^/ /
:n* ST\&rr::>-r.<>.-.t, as at>ove stated. There i« kidney trouble. My physical condition was \ Ys^vV^^te^fet'li^ !r iVrisSy /
f!fh u. t.!«-8^ar.t teM^ to Pwamo-noot and H BUC}1 that l ha <l no strength and was all run V \%S^V%"vK5i^K '"¦'? V^K&t?//
roe* rtffht to ;h^ spot ani .!riv^ ? «'.i s .-;i?=o out of dow n- My sister. Mn=. C. K. Ltul(?f>ld, of Lynn \\V\\\^W^«*ifY^^V/
thf MF!»m It h«« rur^.l m^, mnklnc me "dvlsed me to Rive Dr. Kilmer"s Swamp-Root a \^W\aW\T^\\\Vv'
Kronirer and b'tter in every way. *nd I cheer- trt&1 - I procured a bottle and lnelde of three VVS\\\\%V\%\VV^
fully recommend It to all euffert-rn. Gratefully "ays commenced to get relief. I followed up «").ri \^.\ T >^>?-^-' : "->^V^ ' _
5"urs, MRS. A. L. WALKER. that bottle with another and at th* completion - I Vf7
46 ¦U"e« Linden et. Atlanta, Ga of thls one found I was completely cured. \ A \\ ' r/rso ' ua ' "*• Ijff
¦ My »tren«h returned and to-day I am as well "V*— V * N#
THE MILD and extraordinary effect £Z?f£?^^&fft& e u£Z'l£ib& ml * eT >- x b«ea_» *•__. emaciated and very
of the \yorld-famous kidnev and blad- to "** m uch energry In getting around. My niuch run down. I had great difficulty In re-
der remedv Cwamo-Ront 'is. «nnn r* F UTt l * therefore all the more remarkable and talnlng my urine, and was obliged to pass wa-
al:.ed. l7 Stands fhe highest To" £ Is %£%& fSSS^^SS?^ ?J%JT«£ W 2 _? S_. TsV S* hT
wonderfu! cures of the most distress- -S^SctVTgg^gh. tS^f^S^S^.
mg cases. A trial will convince any *—. ! — — .. and I Immediately bought of my drugglat two
one — and you may have a sample bottle sent free by mail large bottles and continued taking it regularly.
In taking Dr, Kilmer's Swamp-Root you afford natural heln to Natnro x am f 1 *"" 1 to say that swamp-Root cured n.e
£^^lglS3S_^ J" 1 " 3nd f T tle K S tO J&'ZXZ
S T> ? < r l SC °^ cd - .c 11 l ma « e a " y - mistake - bu t remember the name. Boot hu proved a blessing to me. -i-atefu'ly
bw amp-Root. Dr. Kilmers Swamp-Root, and the address, BinRhamton N Y > ours -
on every bottle. ¦ ' ' *' sins. e. at.'stix,
¦ i •.. ' .19 Nassau st., Crocklyn, N. Y.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, Will do for YOU,
I Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent free by Mail
well again: \ou may have a, sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, Swamp-Root ient absoiutefv fre? ;
by mad. a so a book telling all about Swamp-Root, and containing many of th^ho^id!uUnSo^W^ :
testimonial letters received from men and women who owe their good health, thermv ,wt Si
wonderful curative properties. In writ ng to Dr Kilmer & Co Rinorhamtnn M v 11 J i * y t n \ es - to u f
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A USEFUL
CHRISTMAS PRESENT
510, $15, 520 slightly used
S3, S5, $8 Second Hand
All styles. Guaranteed.
HEW HOME SEWING MACHINE CO.
IO5 I Market St
H % ~*
B£ER8
I Guaranteed Pure*
\\ None So' Qqq£*
Sold Eberptohtm
\\ H1LBEP.T MEHt.AKTlI^E CO..
% > __ Paclflc Coast Arenta. i
AllllCn I h CTery person In
f!flJllE.lJ the u - 8 - t-ufferina with
W**m*90 EPILEPSY or FITS to send
tor one of my largo-sized bottles (10 full oz.)
prjetr and 11 It does all that Is claimed
rrvtl- for It, the patient can then con-
Hnae the treatment which Is not expensive.
Dr. F. E. 6RAKT, W- ">. Kansas City, Ma.
!B^^UMATISM'^T E a !
EjelpiMw, Phrfcie*! sad Fin»ncim! cofipr no loncer B
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-B
PHUR SPRINGS. SAN LUIS OBISPO. CAl]|
DIRECTORY
h ,.<)F RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists Mailei
on Application. \ • ,
¦ rKESH AIxD SALT MEATS.
f AC PnVF? R M fiWPPln* Butcher*. 104
JAj. OUICJ g VV. , Clay.- Tel. Main 1»4.
on.s. . .:. • • ' ;
LUER3CATIXG OJUB: LEONARD & KLLIS.
41& Front et.. S. F. Phon» Main 1718/
P36HTTIKO. '
EC HUGHES, ttisSSS-i.^Pyrography outfits and things to, burn.
Art material department. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
The British Mediterranean squadron,
while paying, a visit to Barcelona, con
tracted with the bakers of the town for
the delivery: of 30,000 pounds' of bread
daily during the squadron's stay.
evening of December 23 and the event
irtll be a gala one in amusement
circles.
The new theater will be thoroughly
modern and up-to-date and will com
pare for comfort with any in- the
country. An innovation will be the
use of a promenade gallery for sraok
tnr and -refreshments, which, will \be
barred from the orchestra floor and the
first balcony. The promenade gallery
Management Announces That One
Hundred and Twenty People Will
Appear In First Production.
The new Tivoli Opera-house will
open its doora to the public, on the
At the meeting of the Emerson So
ciety last evening at Starr King Hall
Twentieth and Capp streets, Holland
was the subject- discussed. The geog
raphy and natural characteristics
were ably presented by Mrs.
Park: an interesting paper was read
by Miss Rue Clifford, and an account
of the travels of J. B. Thompson in
the land of the windmill was read by
Mr. Randall. Miss Lorena Hunt gave
a clever recitation, "The Organ Build
er." "Forestry" is the theme . for
next Saturday evening.
Emerson Society Meets.
WORK IS RUSHED FOll
OPENING OF NEW TJVOLI
will be reached by rapid elevator ser
vice.
Work on the new theater Is being
rushed and a Email ;army of workmen
is now busily engaged in painting*and
decorating and fixing the elaborate
electric lighting systenij.
The opening attraction will be
"Ixion" or "The Wheelman," brought
up to date by Ferris Hartman for the
amusement of young and old. It will
be replete with bright music, catchy
lines, sparkling ballets and splendid
costumes and scenery. The manage
ment announces a company of twenty
principals and 150 people in the pro
duction.
It will take flve years to rebuild the
Campanile of Venice. The new -tower
v/ill probably have an elevator.
SAN QUENTIN, Dec. 12.— The Board
of Prison' Directors are to thoroughly
investigate the claims made that Frank
Estudillio and Harry McClure, former
attaches of San Quentin prison, have
received money from convicts and have
not turned It In to the Warden's office.
Some convicts to-day declared to the
members of the board that they had
received money from various sources,
turned it over to either Estudillio or
McClure to place to their credit, but
later' found out that it had never been
done. One man asserted that he had
indorsed a draft for $47 50 and gave it
to McClure to keep for him. There is
no record upon the prison books of any
such -transaction. The convict, how
ever, has a registered letter telling that
the money was sent to him, and there
Is some doubt about the testimony of
the confined men.
The matter came up first during the
open session this morning. .Letters
were .read from, John Williams and
Francisca Gardelll stating that they
had given money . to . prison officers to
keep for them, but that subsequently
they ascertained it' had never, been
placed to their credit. The letters called
forth exhaustive discussion from the
members. '
"This is a bad piece of business,"
said 'Chairman Fitzgerald, "and we
must; sift it»to the bottom. We will in
vestigate it and take testimony in open
session this afternoon."
• The board was surprised at the in
formation obtained. Warden Tompkins
also informed the board that'a certain
woman had given money for the pur
chase of books for the library, that the
money had: been turned over, to Mc-
Clure, but that the books had never
been purchased. ,
"Well," said Director Felton,, "I have
investigated this; thing, too, and we
should*.' make i every effort to* ferret it
out., We'can't get McClure, as he is in
Africa^ but Estudillio Is in San Fran
cisco.* • He : should ¦ be notified to appear
before this board and satisfactorily ex
plain this business, and'the sooner, the
better. Warden ; Aguirre ¦ is responsible
for his subordinates, too, and should
also be • notified. We are responsible
that; prisoners get their money. . This
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Officials of the San
Quentin Prison Accused ' of
Misappropriation of Money
FELONS MAKE
THE CHARGES
board. It la the first time In two years
that I have had any way to find out
how I stand. Jt is bad enough to be
in prison, but to be robbed cf the lit
tle money I had'is pretty tough- About
two years ago last August I save Mc-
Clure $22 25. I was about to leave the
prison on parole and wanted a few
things bought for me, especially a few
yards of cloth. I got the cloth all
right, but from McClure I could never
find out how much balance I had to ray
credit. When he left I asked Estudillio
and he stated I had 10 cents. I could
not understand how the cloth consumed
all my money, so I asked Warden
Aguirre. I could get no satisfaction
whatever from him. I wrote letters to
Aguirre with the same result. I wrota
eight letters to the board, tut never
heard whether they received them or
not." -"
"They were not received," proclaimed
the chairman, "else this matter would
have certainly been looked Into."
sort of business will never do."
Clerk Oliver was Instructed to notify
Estudilllo And Aguirre to appear before
the board at the next meeting prepared
to fully explain.
Francisca Gardelll was the first con
vict to give testimony. He said in sub
stance:
"A long time ago I received a draft
from my folks in Italy for 250 francs,
or $47 50. I indorsed ft and gave it
to McClure to place to my credit. Later
on I received another letter stating
there was an express package for me.
I asked about it and McClure said it
had been received, but that I could not
have it for a few days. In a few days
I asked again. He then said there was
nothing for. me. I was suspicious Just
before McClure left the prison. I asked
about my $47 50. He said it was in
the safe all right. Later I asked about
it and found I had nothing coming to
me." - ; .
John Williams,- doing four years for
burglary from Sonoma County, was the
next witness and said :
"I am very thankful to be before this
The programme 0 of the Harbor
Commissioners to-morrow, as mapped
out by the board's attorney, W. H.
Davis, will be to file an answer and
urge for an immediate hearing. If
this is denied a' motion will be made
to dismiss the temporary . injunction
against the Commissioners. These
proceedings will probably be of signif
icance as developing the legal points
In the controversy that has arisen be
tween the . State Board of Harbor
Commissioners and the produce deal
ers concerning the powers and Juris
diction of the board.
Yesterday formal complaints were
prepared and filed before the Board
of Harbor Commissioners by Attorney
Davis against the parties whose names
are mentioned in the affidavits of
Messrs. Graves and Fundas as previ
ously published. The hearing of the
persons and firms against whom com
plaint is made in regard to refusal to
sell produce will begin on Tuesday at
10 a. m.
The Board of State Harbor Com
missioners will appear to-morrow by
attorney before Superior Judge' Mu
rasky, prepared to take issue with
the wholesale produce houses that
have been deprived* of their permits
by the board under the Woodward
law. The dealers have secured a tem
porary injunction to restrain the Har
bor Board from interfering with the
sale of perishable products by them,
either on or off the wharves of the
State in this city. ¦
Ilarbor Bonrd Will To-Morrow Join
Issue With tho Ousted Produce
Men In Superior Court.
COMMISSIONERS ADOPT
PLAN FOR LEGAL ACTION
Owing to the depleted fund the board
ordered all consumers notified that the
balance must be forthcoming at once
or the contracts will be annulled. The
deposits amount to about $7000.
Many persons appeared to-day and
offered evidence In regard to, applica
tions for parole.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Dec. 12.—
The State Board of Prison Directors
met this* morning. All the^ members
were present except Robert Devlin. A
large volume cf business was trans
acted. The depleted condition of the
prison fund caused extended discussion.
From the failure of the crops last year
over 1,000,000 Jute bags are on hand and
uncalled for. Upon these a deposit of
10 per cent has been paid, but owing
to their not being called for the prison
fund is short over $60,000. From this
fact a great many expenditures which
should have been made for running the
prison could not be made and many
contemplated improvements essential
to the welfare of the convicts, as well
as for the advancement of the penal
Institution, must be dispensed with un
til money from the sale of the Jute bags
comes In.
The board at Its last session decided
tha.t the bags on hand and contracted
for must be delivered and paid for, or
at least that the balance due on the
same must be liquidated. Consequently
the ranchers who contracted for sacks
were notified to pay the amount due.
This morning many letters from farm
ers were read. They asserted their un
willingness to fulfill the contracts at
this time.
Directors Discuss the Neces
sity of Compelling the
Farmers to Fulfill Contracts
JUTE BAGS NOT IN DEMAND
Fund for the Maintenance of
California's State Prison at
Sari Quentin Is Depleted
PRISON NEEDS
MORE MONEY
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY.. DECEMBER 13, 1903.
23
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
jG^fjQ Many a
i^^^v^\ woman would
jjr\ (ninako abeau-
jP^yi tiful bride but
W^^y^^^X s^e is de-
\^^yiWi\V terred from
entering ' tho
y married state
S^^^^^ because of ill-
REWARD
¦gpjP^Rs^ fop. wonEN
ma ii iibihsii im i , . , .
WIIO CANXCT EE CURED.
< The proprietors and tnskcrs of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription novr feel
.ullv warranted in offering to pay, $500
In legal money of the United States, for
my case of Leucorrhea, Female Weak-
aess, Prolapsus, or Falling of Woml
.vhich they canuot cure. . All they ask is
1 fair and reasonable trial of their means
)f cure.
"If women would srudy the lawi of health .
. nd use a little more common sense there would
'ot be such a large number to-day suffering
rith the ills peculiar to our ecx." writes Mrs,
Gallic Martins (President Mutual Social Sdenc;
Hub), of 180 South Halstead Street. Chicago, 111.
'Then when medicine is needed if they would
ak= the ' Favorite Prescription,' they would
wve a chance to ret well. I used Dr. Pierce's
? avorite Prescription three years aso end it
-ured me of female weakness of several years'
tandinff, fo I know what I era talking about
*hen I praise it and always know what the
result will be where it is used."
Dr. Pierce's I Pleasant Pellets should
be used with "Favorite Prescription w
|>V«n(viH-,ti iflTrntivc i« T^iirwi. v,'^":
You think you know ginger
Unless Schilling's Best, yo-
have perhaps never tested i
pure.
At year cr jctr'i; noneybacV
ADVEBTISELIENTS. "'
GoooccoeooQOOo«©o©eooo«oeeo©©oo©©eo«ooee©ooo€eoo©«©o©oo«oo©©©o««e
j . shown for the
QoodS. 8I8-82O /AARKtT 5T., SAN FRANCISCO, last h3 ir century.
The Oldest and Most Reliable Department Store In San Francisco.
Let US remind you that We want you to be aware of the HOLLOW WARE.
OUr Stock Of Furs Boas and fact that there is no such de P art " Large assortment; of Child's
Wo^ed Shawls * ele-
grant holiday pfresentS and ovcr IOOO different styles of U % n * s ?™}*\ n 3 »ve<l 4-Picce Tea
that OUP prices cannot be ror s and Brushes of all makes, a EI^ n V engra^d'.'^iece Tea
DSat anywhere. "Take a variety of 500 to select from. S et (Homan), quadruple plate
lCOk at them." • EBONY Hair Brushes ...912.00
$1«OO to 97.00 3eautifully embossed S-piece Tea
VEILINGS. EBONY Cloth Brushes Set (Derby), quadruple olafe „
Just received new assortment $1.OO to 94.OO " ' "'su^'ar' B^wls
S^fic^Sl £nd ParISian EBONY Hat Brushes §.£ h g uit S lSU Bel^
effects, 15c a yard . 75c to DishcSf j^a 'kin Rings,, Child's
Drape V eila, large variety . . EBO NY Nail Brushes Mugs, etc.
x ' c each 5Oc to 61.T5 Side and Back Combs...
Maline Veiling, all shades, lOc * '„ „ . _ . . 25c to $1.5O
yard. Special. EBONY Bonnet Brushes.... ; .^ o Glasses.^1.50 to $18.00
91.00 to S-.OO c £ ild , s Stcrling silver Bracelets
APRONS. EBONY Mirrors, hanging and •••• 35c
Lar*e lawn, hemstitched, spedal .fading .....f 1.00 to f6.©©
25c Triplicate Mirrors, m wood and R . to 9O3.OO
Large cambric, wide and deep • gilt frames... ?—2& to 9 l^.OO 200 des ; gns I4 k. filled Link But-
hem, special 25c Adjustable Shaving Mirrors, on tons. ... % ...50c each
A fine large Gingham Apron, and nickel pedestal, round or oval. Boy's Nickel Watch, guaranteed
fast black. Special 25c all sizes, from $2.25 to $7.5O ...$2.5O
CSmSSSTl CU T THIS OUT.
T-r ifc"?*^^ < Good for 0NE DOLLAR'S l-«
Pf«pp 3B?^^jfeS! < WORTH of Green Trading 5umpi H f*PP
*• 1 VW sHSint^l t (io) intddition to those you \mU * * V'W'
?Ey*AU-*-gJ! 5 receive v.-i:h a 5Ct. purchase or
Stamps liSii 0 ™ Stamps
(GEEES) t - |^^^ WILL & FINCK C0 * (QBEEN)
SEND FOR OUR CATALOGUE OF MUSlfc
SANTA CLAUS' HEADQUARTERS.
TEE BEST ASSOKTfirEjrr, SUPEKIOB GOODS AND LOWEST POSSIBLE PKICES.
WD OLE SALE AZTD KETAIIi.
TOTS AlfD GAMES. TO BOOK BXTYEKS. CHATTEKEOX, EOc.
Not eaou«h wladow «p*c« for a proper w« have one of the lanrec* and belt a»- »«,- mwr. a<» w » wwrno
Cleplay. but we have the eesonnent and at sorted ctocks of books In the city. Our jljiias TB££ uasasiEaxs.
rirht price*. Ccne and ee« for yourself. price* are always as low and many time* Th* largest and most select line en the
It costs you Bothlr.s to look us through. lower than any competitor coast, as low as 10c dozen. Tinsel, cornu-
S7ECIAX.S " . cop'.as, paper garlands, candy boxes, Xmas
Every fiay !a our Toy Department, rerard- DENSIiOW FICTTTEE BOOKS. candles, all sires, etc., box lOc
le« of belrr Sfgi*™™* Re^ 1 " =5c = our P rl « 15 « MECHAWIOAI. TOYS.
Do!I Bed, 15 Inches lonr * BOUND BOOKS, 15c. Our variety too great to enumerate. Over
Irca Horse asd Cart. 1&0 titles cf Standard Books by popular 800 styles to eelect from. Automo-
Iroa Train, 11 Inches long. author*. biles ir.c to *«.<!«>
Pet cf Vlensa Furcitur*. "M title* ef & better trade; regular "Se, Ix>comotives 15c to $5.0O
Ircn Hock and Ladder. e^ 1 to 10 ° Mechanical Train with Track. ...v
TVoode^n Cart, with handle SO isctes. 300 title* by faaaou* authors, la eleitant 5Oc to f25.OO
2-wheel Stick Hcrse. S« inche*. library binding 25o Donkey Engines 25c to $20.00
Ircn Her,, a^d" T^fctfwith VtOm. „ Z »=»TT BOOKS. 350. HIM oSlmKl^l^lmu to *1^O
:6-lnch Ircn Passenger Train. Handsomely bound Jn cloth. eoAfiWllS.
Pretty P.ubber Baby RatUe. 9OO « t>oh. BOT8 «NH OTSZ.S WABTiBB.
Cosblsatloa Trumpet and Rattl*. BOOKS FOB BOTH AITD OIKI.S. Not the con , mon klnd> but re(J Qr wh , t( ,
Set cf Bamboo Furniture. Various handsome bindings by popular enameled ones, 32 inches Ion* 92.OO
Tab'.e ar.d 4 chairs, well tsada. author*. Illustrated 25o Larger cnee at Jf.'t.OO and 94.OO
20-lsch Store Truck. List cf tltlea on application. Finished same way. P.ubber tires or
25o SNAPS, R1 e O books *1 OS. ball-bearlnc also In stock. .
£!lk-i!ae4 'Work Basket ©1.SO BOUWi 51-UB.
Larg* «ixe TVa«e Basket. Assy of the latest copyright flcU»a pub- DOlii BUGGIES.
Full «i« Handkerchief or Glor« Baaket. XUhed at $1.50; cur price fl.OS 125 *tyle« of Doll Boggles and Oo-Carts,
r-«tory Doll House, furslshed. __,_ __ ,^_ *t *= T Price you're looking for. and any
21-lnch Doll Bed or Cradle BEAK Hi HIND. size, from 25c to flO.OO
Enameled red green or pick Tipple* J^" 0 *x>c1t can b« bought at a lower prlo« . Compare our line and prices with others.
Cart and Hore». 21 lr.chw ler.g. «l*»where. ; . trpo*rn«rr Ttt
ReglKertng Bank, holds JIO.OO. / -EE <FS9 WEX7 b8oKS AUTOMOBH.ES.
6Oo S5TAPS. BBB THB ««w BOOKS. Large enough to ride In; 12 styles, with
«*>_•- Do'i Bed with wire xoattreaa. For the l!tt!« folks — Happy Hooligan. Kati- *te«l wheel*, rubber tires, plain or ball-
2-etory Butcher Shop and Re«ldeac« en'anuner Kids, Alphonse and Gaston. bearing, from KG.5O to f25.OO
J4-5scJi Stable, with outfit. Foxy Grandpa. Mother Goose. Guess and «-.«--. ._.-,_..-
Larg* bcz of rapier mach* at lead Sol- Guett AgaJn. Jest-N'uts, Wee Folks' An- CYCLE WAGONS.
«!trs. »u»I. Billy Vmiskers. Funny Folk*, A Trip a a i ze * S3.O0, S3.75 and 80 OO
Lam Iron Co=b!catioa Baak. t© Toyland. etc.
Larre size Hay Cart. SUCCESS. VELOCIPEDES.
Enameled Crckinole Board. Published by W. R. Hearst. Regular New styles and much Improved: black.
GAMES. price, $1.23; our price 8So red, green or nickel; some as low as. 91. 75
th;r.g* to "»ee them. Anything "from a Be BIBLES AND PEATEE BOOKS. TRICYCLES.
game to a $90.00 Billiard Table. New game An elegant assertment in all elzes and We carry only the bea(. No higher than
of Pit Jutt recelred ROc binding* at lowest possible prices. the poorer kind and a* low as 94.OO
EriVES. EA20KS AtOJ SHEARS GEOUITD AND REPAIBED. ~~*
FICTUBS FBAKES OF AXL DESCEXPTIONS MADE TO OEDES.
>ocoooooccoo30oooooooooooooooe©oooooooo*o©o© oe»eoeoeoooeeoe«eodOG
'¦ADVERTISEMENTS. \y~
P-L"llU*llR IDEAL REMEDY TUH ff lH I Lit : - BLLd.
Valuable Health Hints for Deputy Register E. B. Yeager Uses and
December. • (K§^21iS/ Endorses Peruna.
One good warm bath a week Is enough l**!^^, -^^
for December. The cold towel bath for l^^ ¦ ' fy^ 11 '*^^^^!,!^*^^
those In vigorous health, or the cold, dry 1 <; *=s^-' m f^s^^^^^^^ * " ' '^^ V * '-'
rub with a coarse towel every morning. , 1 .z^^ m\^&*S&^^
for others. Is sufficient to keep the skin I == -^. \yffjC^r *^C^
In good condition. The frequent use of l'^*- --^/yyl^r ¦
water during' December should be avoid- I > ~ "^32^.^^^^^^ t ,
during the afternoon should ba sura to II ::::"^r^ = -j-^ig£^r' ~~~P^3 ill
take some exercise before dinner or the I I lii^r^S^Sg^^-^^-^^^^^^^zzr^g^ar It I
evening meal. December being the most I X -^^y^SH^Wfejs-r^S^-- // /
trying month, as it usher3 in Winter, all I J = Ml I
people who have ever been troubled with 11 * :r< z==^\ J tl I
catarrh should take a tablespoonful of II jt£SS^^~=*^^^^^^^=. ~^^\ V /
The long nights and short days of De- % % :^ :: - :^ ' — — =^^^\ f
cember make sunlight so scarco that % % .. • V^gH^r ~^%8J*K} I
every one should get as much of the \ % Z^^Vv^^^ I
direct rays of the sun as possible. Let \ \ >g<^^— ~=r-— - I
sun into the house. Walk on the sunny \ \ y^^^^ : ~F^^=7^ &7£%& i 1 I
I tide of the street. Keep in the sun all *v \ \ rfyjzS* \?5=i==5y i%$%&gl\ ¦ I
j you possibly can. Take a tablespoonful of \NA" \ J^ZzzM "^ /
C Dr. n w"Gr S een! n 330i / 4 South Spring St.. \N^^^^§_^y ffl^^^^^^^ /
or cure anything: I have found, howr \ as**^^ fLJ**^ \ % " "Z\
ever, one exception to this rule, and that \ \ A f 0 Asi^ i&S&S? j \
is in Peruna. I have often prescribed It \ \ ' ~"~ - •/ ff Jv"^A jwx>^^^^^ A 1
in cases of catarrh of the respiratory or \ \ - S\ t/L/^^ II
Ex-Secrctary or State of VV. Va. A \ )i> ny* // 1 * '
Hon. J. M. Pipes, ex-Secretary of State Ass\ \ (If * II "T?^
of West Virginia, in a letter from 915 T / \ Y'* \J j<^-«-^**\ -<i^
street, N. W., Washington, D. C. writes: ™?55a ! \ -^^^^"^
"A large number of my acquaintances \ _^^^^^^artff^^^^^^^^r— rr'^ i* mm '^ me '3l
suffering from catarrhal disorders, as \ \ """^""--^^3^^^ "— (^J>
well as debility of the system, failing to * \ w"*^ 1^ Tuu^
find other remedies have been induced to \^^^^^^
try Teruna. Its beneficial effects have «^ J&JSf
been so pronounced, and the relief afford- e. B. Yeager. Deputy Register. Court A >r J&£nj trvc^
ed has been so substantial that I have no House. Louisville. Ky.. is one of the al&a B$ag&k «35$!I^
hesitation in giving it my hearty recom- thousands of reliable citizens of the Unit- S \ tM . ffgrB *eimilS^I
mendation to all persons who have been ed States who endorse Pfjuna- He has S jgSfe W^W 1^^«
amicted s wlth.that complaint.--Hon.-J. S^y^^g^?i"!5> SmS? C W
Men of t P^!^ C p D c ?^ "Since / have used Peruna myself V s^0^y
The day was when men of prominence for catarrh of the throat and head \ >&i&?/^^ '/y
hesitated to give their testimonials to and f ounc ] ho» pleasantly and quickly \ S&l&!r
proprietary medicines for publication. *" » » \ >mKh2t
This remains true to-day of most propri- it cured, I no longer wonder at the \4zr*^
come so 1 justijffamous. its^'merits aro remarkable success your medicine Hr
i o n w W s? a ti O on SO thTt an n y o Sne P hesitates S^ a s n ee »" attained in Louisville. I can no.v readily understand why so many
his name in print recommending Peruna. officials in the city and county service use Peruna and no other medicine.
The highest men In our nation have f ¦ J . .
given Peruna a strong endorsement, lien Henceforth it will be my family medicine. It is a household blessing. —
of all classes and stations are equally _ _ „ _ _ . .
represented. f. B. Yeager, Deputy Register. # .
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna. Over fifty members of Congress, twenty-eight Generals of our Army. Govera-
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a ors. Admirals. " Mayors, prominent lawyers, physicians, business men. club men.
full statement of your case and he will literary men and scholars of prominence and many other men of national reputa-
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- tJ(m endorse p er una. Thousands, of people in the humbler walks of life use it as a
V Address 8 Dr. Hartman, President of The family medicine. Used once in the home it always stays. Almost all the diseases
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O. 'of winter are due to catarrh; Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
Ask Your Druggist for free Pe=ru=na, Almanac for 1904.
Christmas' Goods
What better present could you make than something substantial in the
Furniture line ? Come in this week before the rush commences and look over our
immense stock of Bed Sets, Parlor Goods, odd Chairs and Rockers. Music Cabinets,
Rugs, and everything to delight and surprise your friends with.. Our motto is
"Low Prices," and we can demonstrate that we can sell lower than any other house
in the city, as we have no rent to pay and mark our goods correspondingly low.
Buy now and have the goods delivered when you wish.
The J. Noonan Furniture Co.
1017-1 023 Mission Street, - - - above 6th.
/ : . H., ;r y ADVEHTISE-TE^ITS. i V. *v52V
j&Zti££S±fe*^ A MILLION GOOD FELLOWS have |)
j£&**^^&?S2i learned that "a CASOABET at night |
mar make3 you foel all right— in the morn- 0
E£r ing!" And they have told other good FJ
«¥¦!, -^z\m*_ \vV«i fellows, until the sale of CASCAB- II
4P^*?y %^~x jeatftl ETS Candy Cathartic is over A MIL- I
£(3ilLc»>fefe^ eP'V LIO N BOXES A MONTH. Nature I
B^nyEfk l*J^)P unisnesever 7 exce8S ' andover " eat " U
L iii?^*0teJOTa tkfin?, over-drinking, under-slaepin? K
T§L&b&Z~j£5&£l\ 1 result in stomach, liver, kidney and m
WWKStti3Pg! bowel troubles that ara liablo to be- W
v^xwfLP^&irul 1^ come very serious. It is very unwise H
RnUralJSPv ft W to wait until the digestion is stop- W
mgnhgp (I ff ped, the bowel3 constipated, tho n
tot Jp* / / tongue coated, the breath offensive, gj
"Thwy 0 ~~\ and the nerves tortured with a rack- M
make V l&g sick headache. To prevent all I]
T*t ~ 2H1 - -^^ this, take a OASOARET just before g]
moo*." • /£** \ going to bed, and wake up in the f
_^Sp>* v * \^ morning feeling fine and dandy, fca
J&jllfr&fcd S ready for work or play. Beet «
? «^r for the Bowels. All druggist3, [
'10c, 25o,60c. Never sold in bulk. The genuine |,j
M&^&AIt tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or U
fSr^WmMJf your money back. Sample and booklet freo. * j
lllw^ Address STEBLING REMEDY COMPANY, \ j
A8I-IIAL SALE -TEW fcULUO;- BOXES IJ
- Greatest in the World mgTHE .SAN, CALI^' SUNDAY: DECEMBER 13, 1903. v
Varre;-.A. E. Westley, Miss V. Westley,
at the^Ashland.
Los Angeles— D. < Parkhurst, at the.
Grand. Union.", - "¦¦ ¦;¦'¦¦"*. * "'; r:".^-^
CALIf^ORNIANS : IX XEWYORK;
NEW YORK, Dec.:i2.— The follow
ing Calif ornians'afe-'.'here^ From . San
Mrs. ., C. $ ¦•j.Coojjerj .t.hej 1
'cfandj-Jj. F*-Dunriand, at the- Morton,
S. G. Holden, ftt the •Metropolitan; \
Mrs. I. Rogers Hoffman, at the Na-
Judpe Holme* Finds Pressmen
:¦ Guilty of Interfering' With
the Business of Employers
CHICAGO. Dec. 12. — One thousand
dollars 'fine for illegal acts "as a cor
porate body was Imposed upon Frank
lin Union No. 4.; Press Feeders, by
w Judge JcfGP Tloldcm to-day. The court
¦ifrund* the union ns a corporation guilty
* ¦ ». j - . - 4..,-. - .... - - -,¦ *-% ..- . . *£*'•'• *»
of rontempt'of court fof vlolatlngyan
lrjunctinn retraining It as an organl
>;tion from interfering with the busi-
FINES A UNION
FOR CONTEMPT
It would f**etn from the. facts that the action'
'of tr»s. union In the-eetablishln^of ftr|k* head-,
quarter*.?- th«T ¦¦pavhi«rt- ef-. strike'. benAflts"- uV
the strike. henrtquartffF by the union treasurer
with the Union .moneyV and %. the fact that -no
discrimination was made against the rm-mbers
of the unlcn known to be juilty of acts In
Further along the court says
There haw been no discrimination between
the fxrr. Women - have been assaulted . and;
terrorlrcd Rnd • followed to their homes and
thlir familirs intlmlda.tod. . Murder has #ven t
rcsultrd from, the -unlawful act« of the union!
and Its •trlktnr actr.' From, affidavits .In evi- ;
<i?nc«- In this case- It .appears- that -more than'
fifty people have"be«i. since r th» ' Incep
tion of the difficulties "ret -forth fnvthe. bill, 4 .
• ftsaulted. IntlmldateU, .railed-, opproblotls epl<
thets jind thi-eatracd ' with 'harm.- simply be
rause they worked In a place" voluntarily va-'
cated by member* ef the Kranklln Union No. 4.
ness or employes of ten printing' firms,
members of the Chicago .' Typotheta.
Judge Holdom's action creates a prece
dent. It being the first time, in the his
tory of trades unionism In. this country
that a court has fined a. union as a
corporation. An appeal was taken. In
rendering his decision Judge Holdom
eald: * '
Such trarfarft cannot and will net be tolc-,
rated by the courtn In A land of. peaco vrbevu.
pcopl* are aroverned by the law, and -the law
would be lacking In one of It* rrtoet ¦ neckwear y
attributes If: It. wfl» Impotent tO'»^inl»h for
such violation. Th« court 'I* Vlmprtimtd
the . utter Impossibility, In: thl$.-. particular I case
of ¦ ftjLtalnln^: the ende of Ju8ticB,by.'thelmpo-j.
fitirn <K a nominal fine, -nr.il .that? -the <Jutyi
retttlDK j on# the '< court hnpeU I &v flnf /snnip vlui'
measured by O16' gravity of. the'oftfhses' cotrf-"i
mltted.",! ¦¦ •¦¦ .•,¦••».-"¦ a- ¦ -V--'
themselves criminal, establish th« union us hi
roneptrator with Its offending in^nHiefp. pafty
and privy to th« violations of th«. Injunction.
of which come of it.* members stand : convicted
find ' t^refore guilty of vjolatlon of > th« « In
junction and amenable . to discipline for 1 such
violation, providing It can be disciplined un
der the iftW.
* "Again,. alluding to acts of .violence
Judge Holdom declares:
A Waterbury (Conn.) man has a rujr
that Is said to be nearly 250 years old.
The rug Is about 5Hx«% feet- A dupli
cate nf this .ruR was recently -sold In
New York for. $1000. , < j "
.Panama rank* fifth in population and
seventh in area among Ute' states' of the-
Colombian republic. • ,•: .",
Testimony Tafccn. in the Case of Edna
Wnliace Hopper, Aghlnst Former
.. British Columbia Premier. -
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 12.— M.' S.
Wilson of Wilson ft Wilson, attorneys
of San Francisco, was examined In the-
Hopper-Dunsmuir will case to-day
anent the agreement made between
the late Mrs. Dunsmuir and James
Dunsmuir, the. defendant .He sald>
he probated the will for James Duns
mulr. • He hadralso-acted for the late
Mrs. Alexander Dunsmuir and _ had
.drawn up tho final agreement with
-Mrs. Dunsmuir. in which she wa« to
receive $25,000 a year and half the
profits- in the* San Francisco business
after two years haft elapsed.
On cross-examination - he admitted
.having acted -for both. James Duns
mutr and Mrs. Dunsmuir and a copy
of an . account .to I James Dunsmuir for
$5000 and .a bill \s ent *o M rs. Duns
muir for $5000 was produced. . The
cross-examination sought to /discover
whether he had. advised Mrs. Alexan
der Dunsmuir to contest the will. He
evaded questions,, only stating that
Mrs. Dunsmuir was averse to litiga
tion. The cross-examination will be
continued Monday.
LAWYER MAKES EXPLANATION
OF A' DUNSMUIR AGREEMENT
Democratic steering committee, rvnicn,
presented a -recommendation against
amendments,, on the gr6und that, If
offered, they, • ana not the bill itself,
would be made .the basis of discussion.;
The caucus was an animated «>ne and
was sharply divided on the point it is
sue, some of the* Senators eonteriding
that numerous amendments should be
presented; and > others .holding out
against any effort whatever to change
the character of the bill arid standing
for a straight Aparty vote against it.
The • caucus until after the
beginning of .the regular dally session
or the. Senate and in the end the\ com
mittee won Its point. _.
Evidence That the Man Injured Near
Gllroy Wnlked f or . a Ixjrig Dis
"i - tancc Before Fnlllng Dead. .
SAN JOSE, Dec. 12. — T. V. Cecil,
the man who • was found dead near
Qllroy yesterday, was killed by the v ex
:plosion-of'a blast. He was alone' at
the time. in the employ of the Subur
ban Water Company. • • The body was
found over a mile from the scene of
the accident, showing that after los
ing an eye and an ear and receiving
other terrible injuries, he walked thfc
long distance, before fsUHqs dead.
• Cecil was about 50 years of age and
home was on -Ellis stret. in San
Francisco. V • •
EMPLOYE'S BODY IS FOUND
' . A ' MILE FROM AN EXPLOSION
¦ The Democratic Senators held a
spirited caucus to-day to discuss the
advisability of attempting to amend
the Cuban reciprocity bill. They, prac
tically reached the conclusion not" to;
offer any amendments to the Cuban
reciprocity-hill when it. is voted; 1 on tn
.'the Senate next Wednesday. The. cau
cus was called at the instance of the
DEMOCRATS GIVE UP FIGHT.
XEWLANDS ANSWERS DEPEW.
Depew enumerated the revolutions in
Cuba- and IsaliTthat in every one 'of
thesft the /United States, had had a
hand. J . „,..
"And now," said the speaker, the
Senators who have spoken, on the other
side have said that whatever we haye
owed to Cuba" we paid" when we made
the island a self-sustaining nation, and
that if anything. Is owing It Is the grat
itude Cuba should feel for the assist
ance glven-by the United States.'
Teller- declared that Cuba was. not a
dependency. He said the fact that a
treaty "with Cuba is now pending is
proof that it is absolutely Independent.
It Is time that the people of Cuba
should know that we were not trying
to control their conduct, except in their
Interest:
Newlands of Nevada, replying to De
pew, said the planters of Cuba and the
Americans going there would gain con
trol of the island; /that Cuba, without
restricting immigration laws, wqiild be
the refuge of the refuse labor of the
world— not slaves, but serfs, he! de
clared, laboring for the great syndi
cates which would control them*. The
only" way- to Americanize the island,
Newlands said, was to take it into the
Union as speedily as possible.
ciay favored the measure. He'con
tended that the sole issue Involve 1 vns
the reduction of the tariff between the
governments of Cuba -arid the United
States. V ¦¦'•. ¦-¦ '\. - ¦ ' . ..
Senator Foster said the sugar bee)
was the natural enemy of the refining
trust and that the effect of the Cubar
bill would-be to injure this growini
enemy of the trust.
"Cuba Is competent, within the lift
of the treaty," said Foster, "to makf
all the sugar this country needs. V
can make sugar more cheaply, and th<
reduction which is made in this treatj
means the slow but sure death of th<
beet, industry and the certain death oi
the cane industry of ray, State. Al
development In this country will . P<
checked. We will never be able to gel
capital to invest in beet, sugar plants
in the West, in the face of the show-
Ing thatcan be made in Cuba. ' [ : . ,
The Senator added as his belief tha
the money of the Cubans was used foi
the' wrongful purpose of misstating th<
facts. In this same connection he spok<
of Thurber as having in his pockets tht
money of Havemeyer for the purpose
of reaching "the best thought." to us»
Thurber's words.
-- WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— The Senate;
ep^ent more than, five hours discussing:
the Cuban reciprocity bill to-day. Fos
ter "of Louisiana led the discussion and
occupied the greater part of the day
•with an argument In opposition to the
measure. He declared that its passage
would, greatly injure if It did not de
stroy£tie sugar growing industry of the
United- States.
'j; Senator Depew on the Republican
eide.'and Senator Clay on the Demo
cratic.' side supported the bill • as a
.measure. In the interest of both coun
tries. Senator Clay said that he ac
ceptejd it as* a provision for the reduc
tion of duties On the part of both coun
tries.)-A.: .
Foster opposed the bill on the ground
that-lts'enactment into law would prove
Injurious to sugar producing and other
Important Interests of the
States. The Senator spoke of the ap
pearance of Thurber of New York'be
fore the Ways and Means Committee,
and declared It was subsequently de
veloped that he was In the pay of the
Military Governor of Cuba.
' WRONGFUL USE OF MONEY.
Competition With the Island's
Cheap Labor Will Be Dis
. astrous to American Growers
CUBA TO CONTROL MARKET
Senator Foster Says Cuban jRe
ciprocity Woold Drive Sugar
Producers Out of Business
BILL IMPERILS
BEET INDUSTRY
24
' ¦" ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦ - • -i
j Many Suggestions for the Holiday Bijy^r«
I , We have -prepared for record-breaking sales here the i^T~~~W n Tl ' tt" «• e ' CX 1 "I
IjBllY Gin CERTIFICATES. coming week- - Hundreds and hundreds of beautiful gift.^V .JET UUf 113^0X6100121 btOCK.
R< vST \K?\^ l »??^«JtZA* T ™%\ things are -here— all of them arranged for easy choosing. we cannot W too much Btfe« upon our
I nr^hotrtert surpass any of our previous best efforts; for they arc, er £ 1^
B f^VSSiSS&^^SmS^ much more complete and attractive. You could never before shop >Qf -^^^^^^^^^.
w i i.n>- nm«unt in any stctlon of the | if holiday time, end we were never better prepared - toy . «t nrict..- - - ¦¦ ' -
K >i..r..: ,,..~, f..r «7!..vr,. ._ \ Vervt you more promptly and well -. .... . 7f^~ .' . : - ¦. h v' 1 : '..'¦ ". '- ' ' '' ' '
I A. ' ¦ A^fpeciar '. . 4 ' V"'" oif r
I JF>J%* HandkerGhief Offeririg* W^men^s $iiits^fi^|t^& Skirts
-I CZ'Z xC ykj -' '*".- •.." '¦• '-'* "/ ¦¦ - -^ Yo^i never »aw such bargaio ,*on<^r«"as"^oili > tEult>'bepirthient will offer, fb-morrow.
i XJ&L / \ S£y "ninpiTn.*. inaujnirate the st*a.te»t. Holiday Handker- Derided reductlonji liave been ; madtt-on many, of : c^rr.titKh-^Uaa.^arments— a determine^
a Xpy X&r '. otnc ™? 2l,T : <•'««-' dld.'we have so grand, com- effort to clear our.our,brok«rilri<?*'-ttnd every- -odd- suitVln ,Btock. v If you nave delayed
1 2K&K >^^ ' fW«i«^wr^:> ( Wq>.F«.n««.r.« purchasing now 1 fsVo<ir opportunlfy^some of .thteB^^n-Sitoiest :• favored style« in SultB.
1 /r »»r*-h-nr-ivp and thoroto^hl^rfapt^l..*"- « BOrt . ment for m * n> Coats and Skirts rnust,.be c!osr.d -C«t. :«tOi matter the hrl^lnkrcost.. •
j ""v- X^X -JZ • '•* w-idm end children Ait'tfr^^*^ J^ y t ?- morr " w - Hand " «9^ Ofl Slllfft f n rirt«%ft ;t at '"' ' 'fc'VJ 6fl «?l'lif<i "'tft CfflSft at '
J >±.S^ / \y< *prrhl*r» mak. mort*a«««wV.CIir(fctms, rifts an* here w« &MICS 10 OlOSf?, 31 {y ? MJIIS tO UIOSK €ll I;
3 '/?%£. J/^ *r ,»nt«m r-niv a f,w. oiT tKe'inaky .ejrtritordlparV specMh <5btaln : They are eome ;of : « rjfm . Vep^swdilook,^ jt « -« y^
-1 V* SvX &< ;,,; ...n-rr.-w. " - - " ¦¦^ * j-^ -^ b«t $25- d»-« arid «g fi^Jf^ 'In,; ; ; fifl.t* '; ' th.if .(& <£.<& (J
A XVX^\-.<f .,, ,n, cr , ch ' . A 15c finch wail:m B suit, w hnH 7^ 8 £$<***> h*v e ' uivjn -now -= ' IT j£a?\9 <*9±,
§ > "VC 3^% "(ri^Ii.L Srnfn 1 . "wo.do^h-ladlfs- pure linen this b*moV ¦ »»ncm«a' • •" m 7*°^ *\ . • been'«llU»Brat^5,';'. v .«»^» r • ;
I \- >J. *f 4? in'thl • HarK»r-Thl"ft. war-' -ertbreldered HandXorchlefs In ar e the choicest itylft of fapcy mixtures and and »37 X TO ea^;.. They come in the swell
; X5^. & Jiualitj. ariuaiiy \W™ *£•¦ D rk.*- your choice. ..J 5c eaeH the lf>hg and short tlouse rffe-rfe : that will j weeds; are hojidsomely trimmed and ,fln-
¦¦j Xi*' A^a'"""^ Ch \ ' ~ At 25C Box. n6w be tlowd at .r.(..'....:.. I|tl«.t5 4i5h Ished; a-rarefbarEaln at f33.5» ( eacti
¦ »o a o«^4 .hoic. i.^ sJSLi\ . . $20.00 Yelyct Co*ts%Qr/ ¦ •; $25:d0> Military Coats;f or ;
H IIar.<iV^>ii^ or very-fhr^r Iln-n. In ».';au- ,'.;......•...-;... »5c boi Broken lineg of a hand- // *S5\ f\ tm A beautiful- line- of „. wnaak.
f At Ofic Ft Ch ' : - =^,1?« n »^'jffi *i?» *al." P s^ If ¦* ' ' ln c »>«ce ; blouse effect*. . T £& 3t4ir effects, of Ker- . . T JJT
M At 2fiC tf«. ; krrchl-ra.- with choke tnlt.al-. ****£*¦ -'^ ,a^tin llnwl and trimmed . '¦^. TT^i'/ My' and broadcloth. In • -
tj *V»o Arr-n l»"!i.»- end nM-n's 'very fine pur* ¦ • " k'i-' OBc' Hnc ' : ' * V, wlth eailn reverrs: wer * « o!d ¦*• • |2 ?J ' tai l-', c ff toI% ««•*• blafk;- flhfshed with cap's
Hlimn Itturffceicfclcfl «i«h <!alr,tl^'.. hsnfl- •¦' •.-.-. At. -2 & Ct^ DC_. • now...;.... -.:...:....... ..JfU.8.% each .and f,ull. sleeve*; jiicely; trimmed; were ?23.
H in.»ia!»; p}p?«nl qualltr; put up M*n'. silk -Initial - Hapdk-rchWa. good .>...., . « />„„„,! «lr Sf«*-'Rnt»AnIn - "¦ v"
ffl in f«m> boxr-. »rrth S.V ea<H. .. quullty; werth Mo #arh.^ .. A Urana; OKirt tSargain • .' ;^ ; •<.,
|j G cat VaUCH I" Pin n L ncn Hand C chiefs. f,|O OO Ftn • Ine aid Cheviot Dre»« ' kirts for f A/^!*Q[Z
W *.„, dr, r ,n ' *¦ -c ,.„« i^nf,, *lu-*-- H*ndk>rc>-lefn wcrt^ IRc fr.r "... ......IOc «>arh About 40 odd Fklrts. nrr in this Facial lnt— fll wer* mn<le for this- 4W>§Sft «-'">-»"
fl .... ,,-.,. '" , , , h ' * 7- ., ! ?-' .h... Vorlh"<V: 'n''«Mi «*- t o ,n-h rail— of n Kucd grade. Ma-.k Etamlne an^.CheMois-^av* »*^ T^^'^
| a sale of ¦".. |[^^ f Ladi^iifaTSio^ foirl I \ CHRISTMAS RIBBONS. \
I 60c Quality Mousseline da Sole, ( , v -<>x' : §-^^MM ' O*3r<£-' ; W$SB££3g§&SS(&2£!^,
\ Ever> - wmnn know* the „«-.,_». i_ ' ' - WV A - an of /#"% -^ ¦ Rood ribbons for fancy work or neckwear. ..>
a ,,,.;„ ,.,• •?..- P r«« i-i.« Fj9 (&?*& "^X N '. ¦ 75 rUrtpn -hifen-Rrndfi &3 £f -P*? • ; 3ac RIBBON6 f :r 23c yd.
U rir ?o murh in U^nund Wrr^J . • : • , ->- X \ ' Kld <51ovr8 that we • '4-Inch 6at«n. Taffeta Ribbon, .extra fine
B Mr nralas dre»^ s «n,i &-,&**& 7" ¦ " : /C>^S. ' ' YvV secured below import ¦ prire. These, quality Ji»., : th« l^acllns" shadps and white,
R on whi'-h »«¦ Br<. no'.ng to '**» r **&•'-* . , . • j / /*%&* V- 1 Gloves are perfect in every respect-r- cream, pink and blue, worth 35c. ¦
E M"nrt«v a^Th*- extras? ! .iinarl?y Iw price -of' Vyf /¦ at $1.25 a pair; on sale to-morrOW and In all colorti' pure stlk; regular Qr» flieCA
| uAo yftrd «-"raor3lnarlli lo^ wjeft o.i j jj/j/ JTuesaay if quantity lasta at STd-Patr. j Rvalue 12^c each, v for. ;.v ::....". P'cCe J
A SAVING~SALE OF DRESS GOODS I^^Bi|iB^|iP?P
rf you «re looking for a practical Xfnas grift, ycu . mV/'wapt to purchase « . flrwa f¥W^V^'^^S^^ -- ' j '•'¦>•' -31111 T fi **1 T Si fi T ijOflS
F ,r.-r,. ' ; -. M-wlf. then- take ndvantase of «M« tTmely cffcrlrjt-1 SPLENDID LIN'Ei- V^^V^SEffl5tq*^*^r "•'• •" '",-. '¦•/',' UI ' U lUUUIUI UUUO
FPK'"JAIXV "i •• 1 ¦¦-: ¦¦ : •• the prlc»« markfd ai<> bound to create th<* liv^ll^t »ort ' <i- • ' ' t. r t. I
,, .,;•.£ ; n. n w \\ e ve .never .before shown so large an as-
$1.50 Qualiiy London Twine Ctamine for 95c yard. sp'rtnient of choice and. dainty Neckwear as
; mi- wool i.'-r.i. r Twine Rtamine. 4>i inches t\ir>, a coarse mo»h op«n-work ma- • . 2^{Vy&i~s tneccis exhibited here. at the present time.
T T/V-i'' v. } -./"¦' : '' sr I: ' !r1 "' ' n Fhn '" i '" ' nn ' b ?™:.™ V *:.* T ' y ..* n *. b !*?.V&v*r4 , ' S^^^^P An » mmense variety of exclusive and- original
-..__« ... „. , „ -,.. ,- .r- i •¦'•' ' '' ' effects, and every piece is most reasonably
[ SI.75 Quality Block Fannc Zibelinc for $1.15 yard. H*f# nriced
A!l-*or.i m K rk rann» Zll^line. M tnoh^:« wide, extra heavy, of a lustrous and fllky . 'VfiW^ 1 v-s. . ...
finish, rpecially adaptrd lor lens coats an^ tailor ruil«; regular value fl 75, Tor *t l."» FANCY STOCKS Ot PANCY STOCKS flt
! "1 S H S i?, u £! l ?;.? k !a^ xM^^i S^-^' ~ c4r¥IT4s^^|50P Mk il^^^igffil
¦ f 'i i <* ftt •«•••••••••••••••••••••••¦• "'JC t*j*cn CcLCii* ' . * » •*
| Extra Special $15.00. $20.00 and $2500 Dress Patterns lor I v| ilHjlS^^MtiiSiiii I
? . M>-.«:m..t ro into dcteils and .Vscrii.orarh of th-t- Wadllful patt^rnj. • fu i5 y one-quarter below '4Tie resulftr iellinB prlce e . '.
j l>m u.. a.-V, ..r rnthor uw yoif not «o niu-a thin exceutlonal ofTerlnjt. Includ- (\*J Cfl ™*g °" e V , "I ... .. .-„ - „ ,„ n » ! " Ul'tu i • L v '
I ** «.--. i^-.rrr.!. .,f .i- *»*n^t mat^riau. m han.uome fiih ayd wo^i «f--Al;,ou y s uo Sot Purchase Before You liaYftSeM, Ours^Our Prices Will Mionisn You. ' -",""
* £*- ! r^r *«•.'/« :i V~^i y h V ° n " ° r tW ° °* a that were \JJ|' EMn ; m 'fa iioat - <lt . y^,,,, fDr -. ; ,,; ... 7 . no ,4ch j il«:3O v Boas (IVi^yftrd^ for. .V. .«14.5O each
M \U..wx«*±.i». Ail at »<.-.<> *a.-h. J $13.50 Beat q« ; j yards) ittr »1O^O each i|2l.'ao Boat (Mj yar^:f9r.;...$lS.5O each
if/1 HOLIDAY SILi< ©SjSBJl j||l.ll.
¦| HiGH-CLASS NOVELTY $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 SILKS-ALL AT 1
* tl •¦ \VondTful Silk Sale starts h»re to-morr<nv mnrningat priors that will create the most sensational selling? witnessed wm wfl Wja M g_ p
19 n hfrc this Frill. \W have made nmple preparations — more room and plenty of salespeople. The principal feature of this «1 En W& W$ m m M
a U sa-le Is the hirli character of thesp Cilks— at an unnrecedentedly low price. Th'-ro ari> over SOUO yards to chooRp om T" JitW .^Ss^ ||U& R
"1 B A.l:s «i iill purposes— for J):<ss. ; . Waists ami Petticoats and us every yard is worth from $1.00 to $1.50 this . ,^ga»r ¦ \ggp m
1 R <.fT.'rin>r is bound <<> create a sensation. Included are the choicest weaves, such as Wovelty Louislnes, ilBerty Satins, ! ,- t . . . ¦
5 ¦ Crystal Ellks. Kcire Velonrs, Peau de Cygrne, Plaids and Checked Taffetas, in all the most charming color combinations. ;^ - ; \QVA '• S
I Mil i y^T^ /^ Offering of Ebony Toilet Wear, holiday automobile and wrist, bags
f i^*n(^/ 'H " fh.''» '<v\vS* ¦ \?Sm&i »,<•'.*' ' - .-• Amonp the novelties in Leather Goods are par- ¦ • -^fe*-"*^^ ; .. :
S Shrr'/c^L^l i >f>1 M On Faie. l^lnnlnK to-morrow, a fine '" rular 'y , a * tra^L vc monog:I S m Tll A V tO \. a nf '^ffl' St ¦ jf ¦ ''¦ '-^^^(h.
3 if/lB- «. J <S-St \ «Mh n^.i^r, rf -r-^ir. \«-«. ric nrtirirc n.-JRH. littod with pnrso. Highest grade Saftlun rf M\
£ KifPl'nWKK.' J %m^\W , » ,Z . .;J m^ i? n^vi v leather, and lined and mounted. W« can, furnish .¦ & f\ \
' /^V/V /f m\ %a=s^ W^^^ •rectelly Imported -for the holiday. A si]vf . r or pold lllitial wlth them . Tno BW ollest S- - | • \ 1
5 BBfel L^~^ J rtJ^T%^ WL & f rr ' vari(?t>- ln n; ' rro ". hllr »na cloth i ooklng hags imported. A fcwspocials: JUj 1
S SSf 7/^3-^S \S^S %. MA A bru^* s - military and tooth brushes, 25 dozen Children's Wrist Bags, worth- 40c and^ yJ^^rT^^^^^K A
W — v^___*!V M B '" 1 ! "' xed - &0 dozen Children's \Vr'I?t Baprt, worth 75c, for ' wC^lrtiwf^^^^^l^^^^
I F!l« and Tcotlt Hru*« tl CToU.^Bru*he«. worth $1.00. for Ma^cure^Pot^Vorth |t3.5O, Ladl'S' \\ rlst Ba^S, ¦ $3.00 BajS for '
0 V.~i"^.','r.-'\'.<> v.-Mh (Sic for H.-'i'rV.ru-h'*\ v..,rt!i $1 "..-.. for Comb and'orunh Set«, worth Worth ?2.C0; with. ff| 72 Beautiful ftyle?; Cl OS VlSli^^R^^Pi*! ,W?$Uj I
pj «<'«¦ ... . •• -r T.-M-. -, M.W. Mr «l.75 rtch j«t. ohnin nnd l^atlier *!.« eome com^ with card «P J ' 7(1 \^Si^\^^gcJi§UM£i I
R :.:rf;'!r C<>i1h«. ncrth 50c. Milltaty PrUFhru, wr.rth f2.C0, c,:iib. r.ru^h ii^d Miner for han<llo« in ?nffl;in 1/i^h , _,,,.„„. nno r . rh WW^JfM^K^^ H
K Kail folrhf,t w-tf.. .V.- : r T Minor* worth 11.25. for 750 Comb ami Briii-h. colors; fl fcarguln at *1^3 peal . and wnlrus lratli.r; fcv5Iffiiw^^*as8SI 5
f^ ;^-.. , . . 1. I fa^li. hnx. fRrh. B ll color! 1 ; worth $.'{.00 enrh. \**ifi< : !ttW'?^'%»i?'t*%i% gf
|r~ EiDERDOWw A Wonderful SHk Waist Sale II s^^ a ? j rt e f Underwc^ r - 1
ti DDDIPC AIVIF> C/iPHIIFC *TnoK-' • '" ' • ¦• \ • % -¦' " • An - wnportaht , offering ¦¦ '__nrm. " • •
G! KUDCo A.VU O/-\l>lJUi-O /?'^a^ CC AA C"? fVfl iJR/'iict-C -Prkt* — Important -because we JCT?^»r-
B Onr sfrrfc ,,f thr-r. vvntn inrl com ? J^X <>O.UU 3110 3>/.UU Wdlblb TUl offer them at a time EfigWS^v
t? I!I !> - '' '' 'M r - f waim ana com- ffry ' \\ « - - when. -thoy t l ate most iSr^- ! S»\\^K
K fortablV h'vj^o Karmo*nts R-rfs^never so Our Waist representative' iiL ¦ - ; ' needed, at special prices.
R 1 fi,.r'((Pl \ made one of his lucky pur- V*^ »3& B» AT 81.00 EACH, l» »f V)M)
K rorr.nletr ;:.- it is at the present tini-->. ' I'l ' I IX fl » T ,- 1 JfSr *«^ S^. ¦ •¦° '.maon ifjK'Unr *i.r;r. r~ B> Ml/'/
R . r , . . . Wl tl I I. chases from a New A ork fwSSr Karmrnts in I^dien- hwIm
IS Our showinR conslrts of th" choicest (;•/"' ,' / | waiRt manufacturer and se- nibbed Wnoi Vests «nd /M^f'i 1 MWW
1} Bud roost perfect finish^] Saciurs and - V'' J v* A< - '• X cured a mapnlrtcentlot of-BilK . :^***^ » ,rants; cyoellent wearing YmnLl'/I'mim,/
U Hohes- rrado-of the finest all-wool -^T^lVW's '^ WalRtR at a great 7 sacrince. egr-rJsT £) m '- V " d . <l ' t rw^«";-.Ptf^Uy'nfa- ¦ M/rff/M/I By ;
r-S ,' - .. , >*Vy<7 v "W\ All th^s" Waists ft-re brand- <t4JL ¦ lfhr.l nn<l neatly ti-lmmpil ml'lWwwM
1 Eidr^nrn. in ihe leading colorF. .. /l v f%/^.,r Om'! of '"no voliy slripcd land-. S5i r 13^8? tf'Mf UW"^ lllfflr'
H F"f.-- 15 dozen -Ladies 1 fine v <?^ J5**£* *& chocked Silks and Peau drt ¦ -: X /J e '»A» '-j***^°^*y : -TOWfflW^ "
P L\lra quality IHppli- Kld. r- &£&£JW Boie; in the choiceat- colorings, also white and T ,- .. Kr ' rV . r h illWilK '
a . . down Far-iues. hand- \^Tv5C*f Wa«Jt. They are beautifully finished. pUtlted-and { ''•* "* 6 °* .*•»«•. *>» » . HoM -. : B||fiMlS®v "
!i SOCCial % at pomely f.rishod with VT V>?^' .trimmed with buttons: have the latest full sleeve ?^f^ ''Sii^ ™ ''• t°lt.» ' ¦"rKMWiP^k
K opcuiui «v MtJn an<| froFis . lh#> , '^^ flnd BeparatB Ktock; a ,i ln a ii. the greatest WaJst. n 8 1' W Ho«f in chcfr«t A«TOMcS^
iComfortcrs, Spreads and Blankets. Very Exceptioiiai • Flannel Values.
I -¦ $6,50 4.11-Wool -Blankets, •' - $5.0D Sateen Corofartersfsr > 38-:nch All-Wool Eiderdown,- — - < -• Higli -Class Ncifeity Flannels,
fj frt pttirr laic*- f:r» aM-WK.l Ap . nfi J2 n «trs Urge sire Com- (\ * Oft The very best grade, 3rt inches lap A very choice lloe^ of 'all-Wool ,f%f% f*
W «-Wti» OuMiornim niankct*. »*'" \hiUU fcrt»rn, fillrcl with the finest white Vfli UU wide, in color* of pink, light blue, /1H V» Novelty Flannels 'that reffularly l\||\>
Pi »l»>c^.v nnd flffr;:, with cholr«>ft tjul v , njtton and the very best French lil'T r..), red. grny, tan, lavender, «*t<% , *+ il,- ¦;. ,*el| at,- 7Sc and, S5c, in handsome ,[]M- .
H l^rdrrs and arid* l.lndln*; «trani T . * m5r catern covering:,- lieautlfut pat- . . m ' a Special value 15c a yard'; ,"**¦ anfl fancy strlpeu, light :**"
I vjlttf .^5.«H> a pair, terns. Special. .> $4.00 each : ; ; :i| . ' and j^Tk cbldrlngav- rare value at.. «Oc yard
I n-mmt 'Mm ' W&&® ii| ®la=!?i?S®lM' i I
',i tXTTlA FrB<:iAU-2<» r»rr-i --.^v Kncll^h • Marwllles Quilt* f or A . nQ and check*— also Wrapper Flannel, . 1 1 1^> .40 pt^cos nil-wool Tricot Flan- j* ¦
E ;n.i n rh hlr»ch«-d Tal.Jp Uin^it ClIB. double bed*; . evtra heavy, nicely, B» I HH in choice flRure*. gtrlpeii and dosx. ¦ I IJ- .;. • •, plw '-' oii-wcwi . incoi rion., q « p
fi »-.Ttth ?:«• m icrd; n durchie m»k«; r|lJ flnl«|hcd and In . very choice <*e- A I • **tra heavy; regular Value w Ilr6 ne '' In the beet colorings; regu- , #/I.V»
M on Ps if «t ww Yirl rlpnii: worth $2.r.O each. • VlEk'b 12«,4cyard. . ' '. • ¦ . , lar value 35c a yard. •»~Tird
IFf^nnPl U/^BQt COUMnV OHDEIIS nEOElVE I'ROMIT ATTUXTIOS, ¦ , - • ? ' - A SP£ClAL IN
3 ISO Rcfiulcr 53.50 anfJ $4.00 Waists at ffl MS& *a . " j^m-UJJiaUL'Jlf ,' ?!> olL.iV h*fci I I IL/tJA 1 O.
I ,;. r , r aiMini t.i fm.itfMno of tiif 1 '*^ *^ v / J " " < *<^ r *3&fJL*Ir s '¦ -. " \ . Kcffular Valua S7.E0..
rrratrsi Wtitt vnlu*-s— n* u*<» go-' rtft Cfl : jT/r\ y /n^i j^JtA £ JTisCSb&i Jr^f& >"9h *^<4 'Every woman Want* a Silk I'et- ffkf flfl
irnc into th* driatis. <<, :r \\ni« \ I.OU £S^SgS^r^^^T^A^^f^^jMl^/As^^SrSaia^M tifoat hrrself. Many are planning: \hiUl)
offorlnrf always t.rlnit cr.thuMaxtl.- VJ&Iiu-ii iS'x2^J^B^W»'®ySfl«»^BSa^^® / TO»'irS^«Pl?W^* fo bu J' IIlpm for '"hrlstmas |>re.'- Q J - .
• crowd*. Til-*- \\ n ;«t* are :n«i- v ' wa ZS Jilfrtr **?**<& 1 *ar r <&r *W&^&r% v ents. ..TOrmorrow we offer'a choice ww Eacl1
nf th<^ ftr.ryt > twilled Fr»>nrh iVinvl, In 0!! 4HSsZ^^ ' .1 ¦¦ urn mi Hill 1^ lot" at a very fnecinl price. Ma'le of rich and
' rolort and *>:> latest f=t\l<-5; all of th-m \*ry •7aT««Jo es^ fRSBSS'^^ '• - liiftrous Taffeta *llk. llnlshfil with de?p
' hrtuttfully P.nleh'd nn.; V» Htfl? tr.ai arf ra*ity J' .* A"" ' • flounce nnrl ruftlr. in nil tho ncwrst colorings.
worth up to (I. Bale price <>l!.5O each ¦ "• ¦ ' . ¦•¦' , •-. •" -¦¦'• Br ¦ - - . . ;'.'¦ " ¦ also black. ,A great bargain at. . .9*3.<M> each
7J:';- NEW A? VEEl'ISEMENTS.
¦ ...V THEAirr. .' ¦"..-•¦ . ;
Facts 'Abcnt One of Nature's Most Indus-
.... . ' . ' ¦.-¦...; trious Creatures.
-.AVhen sprltiK comes with all its wealth. of
>pr)enlnc buds. and new flowers, the ant Is pre-
parln? for, a' season of profitable industry. '
y It com» S : out of 1U winter quarters and lo-
catfSi a •.n*Mr,.iiome' where It can -str.ro away.'
durinft t-he,'- summer "'months,' the sustenance
for the. lonft- winter days. v . ¦ ' '
VJust. as industrious -. as the ant— but-ln a
different- way— are the'eoutntess. infinitesimal
germs which burrow !nt<f the scalp and eat
away at the roots, of; th« hair. .,
'- As ' they , burrow..' away , Dandruff forms and
if the,. germ s ; are not all killed Hairiness re,
fylts.; -.,.., .,. <l .. ¦ ..•;:. ; .. s ..^,..;,.. < .j..^fv ; ;
•" 'Kewbrb'srHtrf ole'ide "is the only known rem-
eo,- which ; kills .the. terms." :
Bol«l ! by ? leading druKKlFt?. Send 10c' in
ftamps.for, eample toThe HerpicMi* Co De-
troit.^ Mich. -i«*r 1 '.'
AD VEBTISEMENTS. \ I
W'EAK MEN
IP YOU SCFFEli FUOSl AN'X. OF THE WEAK-
• ness«» or dJieag«s caaurd by'lsooraace, dl*>
tlpati-ia or contagion YOU AllE TBS VEUX
1'KltSOX \VK WANT TO TALK TO. ¦
' % "j •» nrn >v
Dr A." J. Shorm. Dr.(;!\\.Sh»rtr<.
We CURK YOU first nod thca ask • UKASON-
ABLE FKK vta«a 70a «r» ourpj. Yoa can deprnj
np«u out vro.-'l. Ybcvuam'.i i.f patlm!*' bJirc ;».
dor«»d ux. NOW, WE WANT TO CUKK \OD
vlth ihc di«tluct onderstautllns Jiias w« nlll mi? "1
deusani a FCC «r.rtl we rww run. TfcU 'vpttllcs
to LOST MANHOOD. S«mlnsl W>3knetV *»**•
matorrhM. Varleoc*le. &\***t r * of th» prostate
(land, oonatnral Iomcs. gotortSv*. ?f»<»t. *trtc>
tur-, etc.. srphlllla an.l jlU. VWtaknetiWa'* nt*
mm. IWlfs.l'.llitM fl'TtlJIHWW
Home treatment cnrei. Write for fr«e
• rmptom lint If yoa rnimol call. Con-
• nltntiwn in persou or Uy letter fre»,
DRS. SHORES & SHORES,
I EXPERT SPECIALIST*,
033 Market St., San FraneUee, C*l,
\¥\ ADVEBTlSiEMENTS.
DANGEROUS* SURGERY.) \
Dcnth Follows the Surgeon's Knife..
s Not the'Surgcon's Fault, of Course.
% \ ille Can't Help It — You Can. - .
Pyramid Pile Cure Cnres Piles Quick-
ly, PnlrtlegSly," Wltliodt Danger.
. People ;gfo along, for years suffering
with piles. They try this and that and
the' other thing from carrying 'a"i buck-
eye to getting treatment from a physi-
cian. They obtain -temporary relief
maybe, but they! are never quite cured.
A little strain In lifting, excessive fa-
tigue, a little constipation or a little
diarrhoea and the piles come back.
They den'teefm, to amount to much,
but they banish sleep and appetite. ¦ No
position; 18 '; comfortable. -There is ln«
terse local pain and that dreadful feel-
lng^f weight In the; perineum. .
, .Maybe in the early stftgls. some of
the many salves on sale will afford
temporary relief." ft. tfe "case Is of long
standing there is only " one speedy and
sure remedy. It Is Pyramid Pile Cure
Even' in light cases it Is the safest thing
to use. Other applications may cure
and may not. Pyramid Cure is always
certain, always reliable, always brings
comfoft at once. Its. prompt use saves
months of severe Buffering.- In extreme
cases . It wll' *ave - «uir*gical operations
and their attendant dangers arid dis-
comforts. It U hetter than- a knife.
Will, cure easier, quicker . nd safer."
Thourands have used it. ThousaT\ds
have been cured • by it. : ; The cost is
.trifling- ccmipared .with what ••; It does.
The Drlce is 50 cents. Most -anybody
would gladly pay ten dollars to be rid
of piles. .:'.. .;.', y-; \ - . ¦ r
.j.. All druggists sell Pyramid Tile Cure.-.
Write • Pyramid Drug * Co..' Marshall.
Mich., for i their book ".; on 'Causes and
Cure of Piles, which Is sent 1 Tree ' for
the asking. BSf
THE CHRISTMAS CALL, :
A NUMBER OF SURPASS- :
ING ATTRACTIVENESS, :
WILL3E ISSUED NEXT :
SUNDAY, DE0EM-.
BER 20. ;
Place" Yoiir Orders Now* •
•-',-:"¦-" ¦-¦¦- — — —— • . ,-.:: V""--V!
The most dlitinynlahed and '
¦nmptuona paper of tha Tuletide. '
Its brilliant pasr«* contain con trl- '
bntlons from many leadtaar vrlter*
of the day, and the «trlitnarly ',
characteristic Work of Its staff ,
contributors "'ill make it a truly ,
deliflrhtXnl : and interesting ' paper. ,
• ¦ With this iasae wUl be proaent-
ed, absolutely f r ea -of- • char?*,
. "Decorating: -for the Party," that
I charminjr picture by Bryson. "Sao-
cratiasr for th» Party!' Is another
of the popular Gold Serl«a. and.
like Its companion pieces, "Se-
dora»-.*""Admlratiail' r aad "At the
Opera,'? will adorn the walls of
many of the hones of the Great
Wt»t. • -. • • " • ¦•
" Kevradealers and- ascent* will do
well to order early, as the supply
Is limited. '.
"Wjiy not buy something sensible? Why not buy a piano?
They .cost no more in cash than you would be likely to~ spend
for a Christmas present and last a lifetime as a companion and
a beautiful remembrance to the recipient. We make pianos '
here to order in our own factory according: to our- own . de-
signs! We make' them of wood and in any style artd at almost
: any price There is.no use spending your money for a fancy -
case or a stock instrument that you kfrow nothing of when \
you can come direct to the factory and thu3 know positively
what you are getting. Suppose you call and jnvestijratel t ,;
Have you heard the Cecilian, the Perfect Piano Player? i
... OPEN EVENINGS. _ .¦ j
BYRON MAU1Y
, CECILIANPIANOPUYERS SOHMER PIANOS
BYRON MAUZY PIANOJ
-312 PostJt, \5zLn Fr^ncijco^
A GENTLEMAN IN SAN FRANCISCO
. •.-.¦;..-../ • .,-.-.
¦ • » ' - wrote his tister In the '. East aakin? her what *h» wanted for
1 ' ..Christmas. She replied she wanted a Columbia ' Oraptiophpne
" "¦ above all others, ar.fl of course she tot It. .If you trant to
'jg^BBBfrA prteent one to your friends let u? know anrj we will, deliver
' .• f^<CBrii'HI» ?rt from any one of our numerous offl'fs you mny direct or from
iia^rn^^'" 4 *^? our factor y at BrlJtiPriort. Ccnn. Now as try pricrs: You can
i*iXhtM S^ pet a rnachlnc. not a tny, but a poorl raarh!n<» iii>in<: th» same
TTn"»jr cyllniiers used on the ?.">0 machinfs. for $0.50. Prices of these
I biaclt. superhardftr.ed cylinder records
>2 5 Cents Each
$.1.00 'per do*en. Kor $3.C0 you can get a better machine, and so on ud to $30.00 or Vven
$100 00 tut whatever machine you choose will be absolutely the h«at that can he_ mad» and
sold for that amount of money. Our 15 years ' experience In making and pelllnsr machines
Guarantees that. . ,,...,- . . • ¦ • » • .'¦ •
If yon live In the city and do not wish to pay cash, pay S5.00 at tlma of jrar-
caase and 81.00 per week until the total amount la paid. Ou* stores will b«
open every evening 1 until Cnristmas and you are cordially invited to call and
see and hear what we have to show yon. ., J. . .-• -... .\ , « - - -' •
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.
Thirteenfh St., Oakland :-: 125 Geary St., San FranciscoThe members of the Western Print*- j
Ing Company of 25 Geary street are at \
outs and the courts have been appeal- j
ed to settle their differences. Yester- I
day Charles Glisczinski, a member of j
the firm, sued his partner, L. E. Cum
mings, for an accounting, alleging that
he refuses to give him his 'share of
the profits of the business and that the
affairs of the firm, through his mis- j
management, are^n a bad state.
¦ ' ';'¦ ' ¦ ? « — -' •-
. Little gold clc^ks/.candlesticks, can
delabra and trays. !' A' dainty 'line for
Christmas. Pleases everybody.- Sanborn,
Vail & Co.; 741 -Market street.- •• • -i
Printing Firm In Trouble.
George Weiler has been arrested in
Pasadena on a warrant issued, here on
complaint of Donald E. Perry, charg
ing him with grand larceny. Weiler is
accused of removing furniture from
this city and county while there was
a mortgage upon it. Detective Whit
aker will leave this morning to bring
Weiler Ijack.^ Weiler was arrested
nbout two weeks ago for passing fic
titious checks in this city, but as his
mother paid the value of the checks
he was not prosecuted. It is said that
his xrife and child are very sick in
Pasadena. v .y
Weilcr Again in Trouble.
The last two concerts of Ellery's Ital
ian Band will take place this afternoon
and this evening. Distinct and novel
programmes will be presented on each
occasion, and among the numbers will be
selections from Puccini's "La Tosca."
The Kllery Italian Band has created a
most pleasant impression, and there
should be large attendances both this
afternoon and this evening. It is doubt
ful if we shall ever have an opportunity
of hearing the rn play again. At any, rate,
a leng time will elapse, as their engage
ments elsewhere extend over a lengthy
period of time. The box office to-dav
will be at the Alhambra Theater, where
seats can be secured by telephone. *
The boy was removed to^the McNutt
Hospital yesterday and two nurses
were given him. I>r. Murphy has taken
charge of the case and is receiving as
sistance from the hospital staff. Dr.
McNutt, who was v once a Police Com
missioner, has also interested himself
in the case. The nurses are enthu
siastic and are doing their share to
Eave the lad. No money will be spared
in bringing the boy back to health. Dr.
Murphy has been directed to call in
consulting physicians.
Officer Skelly is happy that the lad
was not killed. He is anxious for the
youth's recovery, and his fellow work
ers are Joining him In strong hopes
"that the boy will pull through. Captain
Spillane is highly pleased with the rec
ords of Skelly and Murphy and has
recommended them to Chief Wittman.
Young King was removed to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital and given
close attention by Dr. James D. Mur
phy. Little hope was given for his re
covery, and brave Officer Skelly was
greatly troubled.
The following day/in company with
Captain Spillane, Policemen Skelly and
Murphy appeared before Chief Witt
man. The latter had been informed
that the lad had died, and told Skelly
so. Skelly burst out crying and Mur
phy turned as white as a sheet. Cap
tain Spillane tried to comfort his brave
men and Chief Wittman acted splen
didly. He told both men they had per
formed their duty and need not fear
censure for doing so. He commended
them for their bravery and succeeded
in relieving the anxiety. of the pair.
Later on it was learned that the boy
was alive, and Immediately the fellow
officers of Skelly and Murphy' at the
Southern statioi* took an Interest, in his
welfare. They not , only visited the
youngster, but sent him flowers and
dainties. They learned that the family
of the boy was poor and lived In their
district. The mother of the lad had died
three months ago, but an aged father
and two smaller children relied on the
small pittance George earned, and the
policemen did everything they could to
help the old man and the little ones.
A committee from the assembly-room
v.a'ted upon Captain Spillane and asked
that the officers, be allowed to subscribe
a sum to be used in bringing the lad
back to health and strength. The cap
tain was delighted to see his men act
so nobly and he approved the plan. He
also asked leave to subscribe, and was
followed by the officers next in com
mand.'- .->¦;:
GIVEN EVERY COMFORT.
CHARITABLE POLICEMEN'.
The prospect for, the recovery of lit
tle George King, the boy who was
accidentally shot by Police Officer
Skelly while in pursuit of a burglar,
ffrows brighter every day and the doc
tor In charge says that It Is almost
certain now that George will be re
stored to health. This has brought
Joy to Policeman Skelly and his fel
low officers of the Southern station
are also Jubilant. The big hearts that
beat beneath the blue coats of the
peace guardians have been stirred to
all their charitable depths by the un
usual case and hearty aid will be giv
en the boy by the sympathetic police
men. Everything they can do to as
sist his recovery will be done by them.
The chase after the robber. Harry
Howard, during which the boy was
shot, was a sensational one. Howard
entered a saloon on Howard street,
held ud a crowd of men, relieved
them of their valuables and started to
run toward Fourth street. Skelly was
told of the robbery and pursued the
criminal. Howard slipped down and
drawing a revolver snapped it at the
officer. The latter nred a shot, which
did not take effect and Howard ran
into a doorway. Skelly shot at him
as he did so and dodged Into a door
way himself. The bullet struck How
ard in the leg, then hit the cement
sidewalk and, glancing, struck young
King, who fell. Howard ran again
and was grabbed by Police Officer
Murphy, whom he also tried to shoot.
Officer Skelly's Co-Workers
Subscribe Money to Save
the Life of Little Fellow
POLICEMEN ARE GENEROUS
Small Boy /Who Was Wounded
by a Ballet Intended for a
Footpad Is Given Good Caro
GEORGE KING
WILL RECOVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER^ 13, 1903.
25
/ A smoking jacket is a very acceptable -gift for a man because, it is so useful. There
is sentiment too in such a gift-— if you stop to think about it. Every time the recipient
'puts on his jacket he is pleasantly reminded of gift and giver. . .
A man enjoys laying aside his every day coat ip the evening and donning a smoking
jacket. In fact the comfort of a smoking jacket will encourage his staying home evenings.
All our smoking jackets and dressing gowns are made by us in our own workshops j
#from material bought direct from the weavers. Through these facilities we save every
customer from $2.00 to $5.00 on a garment. W- \
Our assortment of smoking jackets, dressing goWns and bath robes is the largest on
this coast for variety of. patterns, scope of colors, assortment of materials, style of gar-,
ments and range of prices. .
Where a size is not known to the giver, or where it is preferable for the recipient to
choose the pattern, style or color of the article, our "Merchandise Order," issued for any
amount, will be' found convenient.
Anything purchased here may be exchanged after Christmas if, desired, either for
goods of the same or.ofa differentcharacter. In every instance an equivalent in value
will be given in the exchange or if preferred money will be refunded.
Santa Claus is here with gifts for the children. Any child accompanied by an adult
will be given a present. Open evenings until Christmas.
¦ ; , ¦ ¦ •
. Smoking jackets made of double-faced janus cloth in oxford, The dressing gowns are made of double-faced Janus cloth,
biack, navy, brown,. silver gray, garnet and purple, and also^i .^ , f , h foJd and forms h trimming .
t*nn%^r d ?T,n'^ the gowns are fastened with two loops and have a heawgir- !
$8.00. $8.50 and $10.00; made of extra heavy - mercerized mateg , die with tassels around the waist: the garments are cut extremely Q \
lasse in black, brown and navy at $500; made of silk matelasse lone and come almost to the ankles/ The prices 'for dressing
lined with hne silk or satin at Si 0.00; made of velveteen, line'd . •; 7?~ "'gowns- are. $10.00, $12.50 and S13.50.
with plain or quiked satin in green, tan, black, brown, navy and gar- nM , ,. ?;>*"¦ Vi • i^ j r t. i''ili- i -' : l/' il
net at $8.00. WmM ' >: l ie stanc ! m ff pg"™ at the right end of the table shows what
The above pictures were sketched from life from a group of ' • J 3 , & r
models who had put on some smoking jackets an^a- dressing ' "' robes arc made of eiderdown - flannel - in -stripes,.,
gown taken from our stock for the purpose. While the sketches are cl ] ecks and tl " ure5 ' in coIors that harmoniz c with the. ground color
accurate and are well drawn they fail to give'a correct. idea of the ; of the garment. Almost any color can be secured, so enumeration
garments. You -must sec the 'harmony of colors • in the jackets 1S Wehave an excellent line of tfcese goods which we
. ' themselves to properly appreciate their beauty. ' .- are able, to sell at very reasonable prices because we made a fortu-
In selectinga smoking jacket as a gift the chest measure is all ' nate purchase of the material. A bath robe of equal quality to ours j
that is required in determining, the si>e... ¦,--¦¦-¦ •¦ - , . ; -;. , ; ... \ USUally Sells for $IO ' O ° or $i2.co, but our pnee is $6.00.
Mai/ Orders W. j^^ /l^^ rt W #^1\ Merchandise Orders j
Mail orders filled lor anything in men's xjgS^o^^| • § W f| 1 M m /C&A S & M n se - ecim 9 a Christmas present where
or boys' clothing, furnishings or hats. \j^f a llfr '\/: EwJ^ %$' ffl *LW ihe size of the article is pot known; buy one \
Customers served as well by mail as though a . , WW :* - JT vL^j* of our. Merchandise. Orders, issued tor any \
they bought in person^ 740 Market Str^t \a.r.ount lor any kind of goods. '.\
ADVEBTISE3EENTS. -
HOW TO GROW TALL
A Startling Discovery That
Will Revolutionize the
Physical Condition
of Mankind.
V.hy Remain Short end Stunted
When You May Learn Free the
Secret of How to Crow Tall?
No Matter How Short. You Are or
What Your A je You Can
Increase Your Heljht.
No cew discovery has attracted more
attention In the scientific world than
that made by K. Leo Minges, of Roch-
ester, X. Y. Mr. Minges is to short
men and •women -what the great wiz-
ard. Edison, is to electricity. He has
gathered more information relative to
bone, muscle and sinew than any one
else In existence. Making people grove
tall has been a hobby with Mr. Minges
for years, and the results he has ac-
complished are startling to a high de-
gree. By his method every man 01
women not over 50 years of age can be
made to grow from two to five inches
in height, and any cne older than thai
may increase his height perceptibly.
His method has the indorsement ol
leading physicians, and several prom-
inent educational institutions have
adopted it for the better physical de-
velopment of their pupils. If you would
like to Increase your height you should
read the book which tells how this
remarkable discovery was made and
reveals to you the secrets of how tc
grow tail. It is free. You are not
asked to spend a single cent, and il
you desire it we will send you the
statements of hundreds who hav<
grown from two to five inches in heighi
by following this method. The result;
are quickly accomplished. Many have
prown as much as three inches in twe
'months. There is no inconvenience, nc
"drugs or medicines, no operation
Merely the application of a scientific
principle in a perfectly hygienic and
harmless way. Your most Intimate
friends need not know what you are
doing. All communications will be
rent in plain envelopes. The book,
"The Secrets of How to Grow Tall,"
contains illustrations that will interest
and instruct any one. One thousand of
thf?e books will be given away abso-
lutely free, postage prepaid, while the
present edition last*. If you want to
prow tall write to-day, in strictest con-
fidence, for a free copy.
Address THE CARTILAGE CO.,
Dept. 54fi B, Rochester, X. Y.. V. S. A.
Wright 1
Medical Institute,
\ 305 KEARNY ST. !
Thoroughly eqaipped for modem
tr*a;rr.fr>t of tbt tick tad afflicted.
Cor^ult our physicians at office or by
letter.
WE POSITIVELY CURE
Female L>i?e.a*f-f. chronic affections of
\ the BTotn&ch and Kidn«yi>, Scrofula and
si! Blood <Hs»as*s. Catarrh. Asthma.
Ktmmutim. Sciatica. Paralyeis and
> Eninal iineeses. .
MEN. cor.rult our *D*c!a!!*t and be
convinced of his cunerior ability ;
PILES and al! r-ctal diseases treated
on a pr>«it;ve jruarantee.
Consultation free at office or bv
letter.
WRIGHT MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
- 305 KEARXT ST..
>' Eaa Franclsro, Cal. *
Rwg \a/e /\ k: yvv e in
$3i tftS DR - 1IALL "S REINVIGORATOR
p3 stops all losses and unnatural d!»-
I H charge* In 24 hour*. You feel in
**~1 HB trom th» flr»t doi«
Pfl Wfrl * v « fcave so much confldenc* In our
iiiJ Ulu trettr=CT!t thet we oCfr Five Hun-
¦S i '3 <i rt<1 reward fcr any ciso w« a3 .
cure. Th!» secret remedy cur»i
•ct; pouer. r.lrhtly emiratons. wasted ergnan.
varieoccle. elect, ctrlcturea. kldneya. falUos
tcemory. drrins- In the urine, gonorrhoea., dls.
ca.ee of the j -estate g\tn&% and all other terti.
tie effects of celf-abuse cr rxce«s«s. which lead
en to consumption and death. Pc»lilvely curei
the worst intm In old or younc ot that mortify.
Sec condition. Quickness of the discharge, and
wsct'.r.K to da. and you can't. Sent sealed. $2
per bottle, tore* bottles. (3. Guaranteed to
cure try cas«.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
' INSTITUTE. R55 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
Also for vale at 1C73V6 Market St.. S. F. Seed
for fr*« I ' clc.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF fi?3ST0KY^
A Q^ i;KKlSrKE?.ltt.6:ifc7i.3.r.CaL^
K Or ."''''* L * r f' »t Ana:oniic«l Usvuin in tie \
0 r^-rTKrm. v ""i Weaiue»ve» or .ay «r« t r»rted A
• SctS) <«•«•« l»"IH»»-«*enr«Jr,y the eldest T
O fii^Sl -PeaaUit on the Coul Hscj6ye»r». Q
A frVgj'f CR- (!QnCAN-0>SEA8ES OF MEN 6
' f f!s?Sl3 Con^ulw.Uea free «r.d «tri'*!jr pnrite. \
0 B JSftZR ~"*" Jsen * r«r»on»'..y r* by l«icr. A A
¦ n If ill ntn: * £***<* «»e*y cawuadrnaiieB. Y
A r '/ tttf Wr't w 3 <k rau.vniipiiy sr i
V ' ;l . Il' 1 BAnniACK, kailes i«lu (xy
\ H It valuable book (or mm) t.
v on. jucpin & <:o.. imi u.-irkn *t..s. f. V
®:cuti:er.y
EVERQLADELMRRANTED
Softools and Ccllogos.
ULApING ' BUSINESS' COLLEGE OK THE
TVEST. H Post «t.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
Establishes 40 yearm. O?eo entire yeat
Writ* tcr llluttrated cstakiTJ* ifree).NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Testimony in
Mme. Lillian Nordica' s suit for divorce
Madame Xordica Names as Co
respondents in Divorce Suit
. Women Unknown to Fame
During the first six months of 1903 the
imnorts of Egypt amounted to $37.384,.
045 and the exports to $43,986,655.
So bad Is the dampness in Ceylon that
a book will hardly last a year. The most
expensive camera, made of the most per
fectly seasoned wood apparently, will
¦warp In Ceylon, and all Its parts will be
come unglued.
NO OPERATIC
STAR ACCUSED
The second event was damage done
to the" 'railway track by heavy surf
along the north coast of Oahu. These
were evidently tidal waves, since no
surf proper could possibly reach so
high above the beaches of that coast.
The third was the Inundation by
tidal waves November 29 of the vil
lage of PeJekunu, on the north coast
of Molokai. Neither of the two tidal
inundations reported were violent
enough to do great damage, although
long continued, thus proving that they
were inundations transmitted from
seismic disturbauces thousands of miles
away. The direction of these distur
bances was from the north. The source
of them was therefore not in Japan.
Also had it been there the cable would
doubtless have reported it.
Hawaii's two volcanoes are both in
active operation, Kilauca having brok
en, out as a counter attraction to Mo
kuaweoweo at the summit of Mauna
Loa. The volcano at the Hop of the
mountain burns steadily all night,
sending up a straight column of fire
anld illuminated smoke. Halemaumau,
in the Kilauea crater, Is also brilliant.
A lake has formed in the bottom of
the crater and the inrushing: flood of
lava e"an be heard nulte a distance
from the edge. Above the red hot
cracks, which are a marvel of the Kila
uea crater, can be heard the swish of
rushing lava beneath. The whole north
ern section, of the crater of Kilauea
shows a rising temperature.
The first was a peculiar record made
by the tide gauge in Honolulu harbor,
showing the presence of a tidal wave
oscillating the sea, probably from seis
mic disturbance across the ocean, as
has repeatedly occurred, usually caused
by violent earthquakes in Japan, also
once from the Krakatao eruption in the
Straits of Sunda In 1883.
HONOLULU. Dec. 6.— Dr. Sereno E.
Bishop, who for half a century has
studied climatic and atmospheric con
ditions in the- Hawaiian group, thinks
that a violent volcanic eruption iii the
Aleutian Islands is responsible for the
recent tidal waves here.
Special Correspondence of The Call
Dr. Sereno Bishop Says Late
High Tides in Hawaii Are
Due to Seismic Outbreaks
WAVES STIRRED
BY VOLCANOES
James R. Soley, formerly Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, is counsel for
Mme. Nordica. Soley said:
"I do not care to discuss the affairs
of my client, but I wish to deny most
emphatically that a well known singer
is In any way implicated. The intima
tion that has been made has greatly
pained Mme. Nordica."
little. There la no one person named,
but reference i3 made to- several per
sons who are not known In the operatic
world."
Herr Doeme is ill in Dr. Bull's Sani
tarium and his friends were not per
mitted to visit him to-day. His coun
sel. Edward Lauterbach, said:
"Herr Doeme is the victim of a great
Injustice. He is an artist and a man
of vivid sensibility. He therefore feels
his situation keenly and Is really 111.
I have filed his answer to his wife's
suit. He denies the charges made. The
accusation again him amounts to very
from Herr Zoltan F. Doeme is to be
heard' before a referee and efforts will
be made to avoid publicity, j Emphatic
denial was made by counsel for both
sides to-day of the published rumor
that a well known singer was In any
way Involved in the case. The co-re
spondents who are named — for there are
more than one— are persons .whose
name3 if published would not be recog
nized.
NEW CITRUS GEOVES.
The Modesto Herald says that a
forty-acre orange and iemon orchard
will "be one of the winter's .develop
ments in the Modesto irrigation dis
trict. It will be set out by Israel C.
Ewing of Oakland."
"Sfever before." says the Visalia
Times "'in the history of Lirdsay, has
the oran&e crop been moved as fast
as durins this season. Lindsay is a
busy place, with her six packing-houses
in operation. The Citrus Union
has more than 300 persons em
ployed in its two houses her«^ and the
two in Porterville. At this place they
are putting out an average of nine
carloads of oranges per day. Next year
a large acreage of new trees will come
in bearing, which will demand increased
facilities for handling the crop."
Twenty-four carloads or tourists ar
rived at Los Angeles in. one day re
cently. The Los Angeles Herald quotes
one of the hotel-keepers as saying: "I
see the railway companies are kicking
because they cannot get their rails from
the shops, but they have not the least
idea how we are handicapped. If I
knew where I could get a dozen car
loads of rooms 1 would have them sent
to this city by express. We have had
to turn ajvay a lot of business, .as we
have our regular trade which must be
cared for, and on top of it all the rail
ways are bringing In thousands of peo
ple each month and we must care for
them."
In the presence of 500 Chinese Gee
Ah Gum was slain by a highbinder late
last night. The tragedy occurred . on
the stasre of the theater on Washing
ton street and whlle'a performance was
on. The assassin entered from the rear,
stepped up to his victim, who was play
ing a musical instrument, and fired five
shots. Three of the bullets took effect
and the- injured man rolled from his
seat and was dead in five minutes.
Firecrackers were first exploded by
those who designed the murder, that
the police might be misled.
Confusion followed. The murderer,
with the smoking revolver in his hand,
rushed through the dressing-rooms and
made his escape through a rear alley.
The audience arose with one accord
and started for the main entrance. So
great was the scramble that several
were trampled on, and it was not until
the arrival of the police that the great
rush of humanity was stayed. Shoes
and slippers were lost in the scramble
and when the excitement subsided the
floor was littered with them. The act-,
ors deserted the stage and the wounded
man lay all alone, gasping and squirm
ing with pain.
The friends of Gee Ah Gum say
that he is an innocent victim of the
fierce tung war now raging between the
Hop Sings and the Sen Suey Yings.
They disclaim any connection with
either faction and will not reveal the I
identity of his slayer. The police who
are on the case say that he was a
member of the Suey Yee tong and that
a Wy Ting tong man shot him to
death. The occasion of trouble^ be
tween these two tongs is not apparent.
Last night an effort was made by the
Chinese Six Companies to settle the
trouble between the Hop Sing tong and
the Sen Suey Ying. Little was -accom
plished at the peace conference, the
Sen Suey Yings claiming that their ad
versaries had scored one more murder
than they had and tha't the fight must
continue until things were evened up.
For this reason it is believed that the
Chinese who fell in the theater last
night was, or was mistaken, for, a Hop
Sing tong man.
Five Hundred Heathens Bolt
for Door When Gee Gnm Drops
and the Assassin Makes His
Escape Through Rear Alley
Kills Kival Tong 3Ian on Stage
While Performance Is in
Progress in Chinese Show
House on Washington Street
HIGHBINDER
GIVES LIMIT
OF REALISM
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 33, 1903.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
26
ADVEBTISEMENTa
Oraedfatlher's Clocks'
That would make handsome ¦
Chrflstmas Preseints ;
Artistically and elegantly
, finished In golden oak, weath-
ered oak and mahogany . . •
Prices ranging from $20,00
each and upward,
Our stock is especially large and varied
this . ssason. Every style and finish'
in designs not obtainable elsewhere.
ARTISTIC DESKS,
LEATHER UPHOLSTERED CHAIRS, ?
PARLOR TABLES,
OCCASIONAL CHAIRS, ROCKERS,
EASY CHAIRS.
Choicepleces of Mission designs.
While the name "Sloans" means ar-
tistic perfection, it does not necessarily
signify a large outlay of money. Holi-
day gifts can be obtained at -moderate
cost, which are the work of craftsmen
imbued with the artistic spirit.
Visitors are' always welcome at our
showrooms.
Wo <& ! X Sloan© .<&¦ Co, I
114-1 16-1 18-120122 Post St., j
Bet. Kearny St. arid Qrant Ave.
PBAGEKS I PBAQEBS | PBAGER3 ' { PBAQEBS
S SanFrandsco'sFastestGrowmsStore
"^|r^^ Offers These Christmas Suggestions
I STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING UNTIL CHRISTMAS. TEX SHOPPINGDA^. |
A Bargain Chance for Women at> This End
:^M _____ of the Season Sale in Suit and Cloak Section
WJH^M^l' .jbj I F price reductions on the newest winter garments are any inducement you will find ample attraction in this
*M^^Sr^^Si^K: grcat " end oi the season" sale. The sale began last Thursday, was extraordinarily well patronized, and we
K^»ig^^^^^»- have arranged for bigger crov/ds to-morrow.
tSL^^* 1 SUITS. MISSES' SUITS. PETTICOATS.
teSTT^vE These suits arc made of cheV- 81-45 These suits are made O.'e-Thcse arc made of extra
JaV \ V\ »j- • , ¦¦ • tucv V 1 — *° — lliese suit* arc maue nuahtv sateen, beautminy hn-
|nvO\ ¦%/ \ ' -broadcloth, zibeline and of pretty fancy mixtures. Coat ished.' They sell regularly at
4TlPw>A^ " c , y ., 1 " 1 £ turcs< and skirt are made in the latest $1.45. > *•*/
S^m\ (DlfiSK/$\ I -; 1 -;- For suits that were styIe$i Sizes 14. 16 and 18. WRAPPERS.
SW^^n H P^sSISr /'•&)' "duced. from. $22.50. - OSe— Fine flannelette wrao-
11 yjkA \\VWSBmUtXV sijo' r ¦ . COATb. • reduced from $175-
$*4nW*^WWli\ .^HJo-For s,nts that were ?14.95_Peau dc sole and taf- . FURS.
ra^S^k MfcP reduced from $,7.50. feta silk coats; regular $27.50 *1.45_Cluster scarfs > of gen-
*^ts0SBS^ : JSBm: ft .?17.5O_ For suits that were value. nine Belgium lynx six tails.
ftllPiffr'/ reduced^from $30.00. ? S.05- r Black corset coats.
jiWm¥ &MsrX%y<l ' 922:50— For suits that were beautifully strapped,, worth $15. m\vk cluster scarfs, six tails.
reduced from $37.50. SKIRTS. These cannot be bought e!sc-
1' \^^S^^\!Wm J825.OO— For that w,-r^ a.-.. «»- c, ¦ t c t where for less than $6.00.
V^k^M^-J^ reluct fr. i ?2.O5_Skirts made or fancy An assortrne nt of Children's
A X^ I reaucea irom $42.50. ,- mixtures; regular $5.00 value. beautiful fur sets.
IPl^v Attractions of Toyhmd. I S^J^Tl,
. • -•• NT OW is the best time to secure toys— the stock is unbroken, candlesticks, match holders, call
. I IV the variety is unlimited. We have everything that is 'this sea- J>e»?» * anc y vases, glass brush
If /**• Ym/ic r^ifi-C sons P r °duct at the most reasonable prices. holders, powder jars, tancy glass
FOr AlilQS V?IitO. o _ , jars, silver pin trays, gilt picture
———_—_———— 25C eac " — Bureau, 14 inches high; glass mirror and three drawers. frames, burnt wood novelties,
CLOVES. Also china closets. gilt top inkstands, etc.
r,0e, 75e and fl.OO a pair- 25c trunk, top tray, lock and key. Regular ,oc arti- gElbfffo^e«s^ahc^^t
All pure silk two-clasp gloves; CJe - Special. . ,. frames busts monk heads sil-
woyen tips ; Come in black, $1 .50 —^-inch K as stove with attachment. ; . ., ver jewel box*(satin lined), fancy
white and colors. All sizes. One •• ._ ; silvc J r inkstand ' s and t £ , as^
row and Pans point embroidery. 1UC up— Doll furniture and dishes. A large assortment, pu ff j ars> c i gar and m^ tc i l
jpl.50 a pair— Fanchon real ¦ ' — '\ — • ; - ' _-J er i'« v AL eS ' r, etC - .?P eci . a1 '
French suede kid gloves, all the ¦ ' ' ' §3.OO— Beautiful linen center
newest shades; three-clasp, Pwtfv QHnnore «— «- pieces partly embroidered and
Faille silk embroiderv stitching. WCtty MlpperS. MlllmerV Clearance. all the embroidering silks to
\ most sefiil Yma« «rifr --' 77 '. '¦ nnisn it. 1 here are over 100
Amos^t setuiAmasgitt. . -oc-Men s slippers; alligator Our entire stock-creations of different patterns and all are the
$l««o, a pair— The genuine vamps, patent leather back stays. newest designs. Worth $6.00 to
Rcynier French suede gloves, soft flexible soles. Thev come in the newest styles — is being sold at $7-50.
and black. Faille silk embroid- Fur trimmed tops; red. black and This is a grand opportunity for pillows; some are embroidered
ery stitching. • green. Just the thing for this » and others on burnt leather. Reg-
¦ cold weather. a hat or bonnet at little money. ular $5.00 to $7.00 values.
FANCY APRONS. . >A. ~ ~~" " ' J I SILKS
25c, . 1Oc 75c and ?1.OO— A big as- T&rVt 25c a yard— 20-inch Japanese silk for
sortment of fancy holiday aprons lor g^ . f| f anC y work and evening wear. All colors,
women. Some arc made of tine India •£] £53 J$&j££f ££"&£- jfer black and cream
HAND MADE SHAWLS. ? /^T "•"« and ?1.OO a yard— 20-inch black
¦- fl:25 f $1.50, 9S-OO and up to 4M.OO B ' ¦-• ACIVAl^nSpf I Al*¥ V peaudesoie. Guaranteed.
—Scarf, square, circular and fasinator W ««-fT^au KJC/JLIADJ/E, COLORED DRESS GOODS.
shawlsj.madc of silk, ice wool, Shetland \23&~ 1230 MARKET ST'^WWa 30c a vard-38-inch noveltv dress tjooc
floss and Saxony. All the latest stitches | g . . ' \ in zibeline. Scotch mixtures 'and plaids.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
I LflUlS 1ZUK I
» In spite of years of adverti'sing, not a day passes but peo- *
« pie 1 come in and ask us, "Can I buy at retail here?" This is «
II no doubt due to our store being a little below the retail dis- B
« trict. although only "a quarter of a block below Shreve's.*' «
XL We are not only willing, but anxious, to sell at retail to ffc
S the people of San Francisco and Bay Towns, and, further ff
• than this, we sell "the same goods for lower prices or' better M
» goods for the same price.'' jL
9 The season's newest and prettiest designs in Dainty J
jL China, Rich Cut Glass, Artistic Lamps, Ornaments and Art a
» Goods, and Fine Cutlery, are here at prices which will aver- S
J age at least "one-quarter less than elsewhere." w
r ¦' ¦>¦ ' flt
S Buy things to make home beautiful — that arc constantly %
*I before the eye to remind one of the giver and not laid away S
IB in a closet. Here's Xmas just sixteen days away; don't wait |i
» — come now and get better attention and first choice of the &
5 prettiest things. We will store your gifts free of charge, and §
W guarantee safe delivery on December 24, or whenever you lT
« say so. Hundreds of bins on our upper floors devoted to a
S this, and half of them are full now. §»
I OPEN EVENINGS* |
g IT PAYS TO COME DOWN TO J
1 That Big China Store— A quarter of a block below Shreve's 1
I S. STERNHEIM & SON, I
I 528 & 530 Market St., 27 & 29 Sutter St. f
» BELOW mONTGO/VVERY S
V^J /^^^^^^^^^^^' Holiday Piano Sale
g \ If you enjoy a moderate income and your home is without a piano, there is no reason why vou
g \ should not make the -family a present of one at Christmas time. Or if you have a piano
g \ and want to K ct morc vaIue out of it, why not present the household with one of 'these piano
# \ players we are offering at this sale? Take what you would spend for a single jrift— say
g \ $10.00 to $20.00— and let it "be the first payment, and you will have s.arted on your wav to
g \ the ownership of a fine instrument, either a piano or a piano-player as the case mav be
/ \ Thc^ f e are now conducting has been the means of a great many people receiving pianos 'as
# \ a Christmas gift. We have increased our facilities for storing and are makinir nrrmn
/ \ tions to deliver any number on Christmas Eve. '
/ J We are offering beautiful and costly Decker. Hazelton and Kimball pianos, together with hun-
/ dreds of other choice and jiew instruments' at great reductions in prices. We also have some
I second-hand instruments which we arc offering at remarkably low figures
I Remember that we make no charge for storing, and remember that when you deal with the
g Pommer-Eilers Company you arc dealing with thoroughly honest,' reliable and upright busi-
M ness men. who sell musical, instruments on merit alone at prices' made possible onlv bv the
W many unique and up-to-date advantages they employ.
I mm ,„ \ We have found it necessary to keep open in the evening during this sale. One cvenine last
8 S** w «k w c sold six-pianos after supper. So if you cannot come during the day call anv even-
C. ing this week and make your selection. J
HFDP Ai?P tup DDI^"*P^ ' *^"^"~ * '
g «5 r . £2. nTeaIes^ e th ? v "1ou« »ake« have teen cla««ifled as follow*: PIAMn PI AVPDC
r CIlA.ES A — rhis class includts medium-grade standard-makp pianos. rmnu.ruAiCKS.. ..
B *n<1 arc usually sold at $300, and »»ven ashiKh as $350. The sale We have a dozen slightly used piano players "which we will offer this
a prices that prevail permit you to have a $300 piano for SX67. Some in this week. In the list will bo found auch makes as the Anffelus Pianola Klm-
I fiir 11 for * 148 and * 137 ' whIle the regular J350 styles run up to $218 ball, Cecilian and many others. They are all in good condition, some of
I an J??5:« — -.., , - , , .., , ?-hem not sixty days old, taken* in part payment for our electric self-play-
l CIiASS B— This class includes high-grade pianos of national reputation. insr pianos. We offer a last year's style Ahgelus at S125 and others up to
ft U £ Ua i!* y / ol( lJo 0 « r *«>°. £»0° and 5550. During thin sale the $450 style are $185. for the latest models.; The others go ; for $135. $155 and $170. Our
M "fTVred for 8236, and the plainer ca»<*<1 instruments for $257 and $264. The usual easy terms apply. < » -
B JSSOcrades sell for $345, $327 and $318, according to the style and design . ... nnn .- _«. _. .;,»„.,._
a of the ca»e. A WORD AS TO PAYMENTS
1 C 5* A ? S C"":' 1 "." 15 <"Wss includes the highest class upright pianos and It is necessary for you to investigate our plan of easy payments be-
1 cranfls by makers of international renoan. The prices on these instru- fore you can realize how easy it is to get possession of a really fine piano
« ments vary from $600 to $1000 at regular selling. In order to close them or player. Payments of $5 or $6 or $8 or $10 made monthly (plus simplfi
I out quickly tn«* price has been reduced an average of about $200 on interest on deferred payments), secure any piano in this 'stock at sale
fi * < J - '. ll \ n ir I I'u TO* '11 1. T)7*](*6S - ' ' ' " '
I USED PIANOS FOR A MERE SONG
I Square plaao», good order. $12, $46, 857 and $64. Upri*hti for $65, $37, 8105, $118, $124, $165, $185, up to $235, on payments .of $3 or more a month.
I Sail FratiCiSGO'S /*7% Other Stores at
I Diininof * T?7ak***iA4u» Sacramento, Eureka,
1 and Best esa' l,^... __ I
j Piano Dealers san francisco.. r^^0^ Si S. A'. Indian and , Mexican ' coods. * burnt novelties.
beads. Cal. souvenir*. -,The Curio,; 32 Eddy. . ; •
There is no sanctity without aenaa, '
i Guillen's Christmas extra mines pica. - Ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkin at.: tel. East 1S8. S
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— William D.
O'Brien, toastmaster at the banquet of
Contractors and Builders at the Audi
torium Hotel, has refused to toast th*
American flag as an emblem of liberty.
Chicago Contractor Declines
to Give a Toast~~"to ttie
American Stars and Stripes
The annual election of officers of
the Widows* and Orphans' Aid Asso
ciation of the Police Departmentw'as
held on Friday. with-the following re
sult: President^' Sergeant Albert A.
Perrin; Vice president. Corporal Harry
Cills; treasurer. Sergeant Daniel A.
Sylvester; recording \ secretary, Cor
poral J. J. O'Meara; financial secre
tary, 'Samuel .H. Rankin; : trustees —
George Geimann, Thomas J. Larkin,
T. C. Murphy,' Robert Kerrison and
John Rainsbury; ; ' • '
Policemen Elect Officers.
. Herman Rodriguez, who lives in the
Waldo House, 765 Mission street,
complained to Policemen T. C. Mur
phy and C. F. Skelly late Friday night
that .while he was in the hallway of
the Waldo . House going to ¦ his ' room
he, was.. held up by two men and re
lieved of $2 50. He gave an accurate
description of the two men.
Murphy and • Skelly ' later /arrested
Frank Tiernan, * a, teamster, and took
him to thai "Waldo • House," where Rod
riguez identified him as one of the
men'-. that robbed him. Tiernan was
Herman Rodrigncz Is Robbed by Two
Men, One of Wiiom Is Arrested
and Confesses.
SAYS THE FLAG
IS NOT LOYAL
The officers say that Tiernan and
Cooper belong to a bad gang that in
fests the neighborhood of Third and
Mission streets. About two weeks ago
the gang had a fight among them
selves and • Cooper was arrested for
stabbing Tiernan. When the case was
called before Police Judge Fritz, Tier
nan, who had recovered from hi3
wound, refused to prosecute Cooper
and the case was dismissed.
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of robbery and acknowledged to the
ofecers that he was guilty and that his
companion was James Cooper. The
officers are now searching for Cooper.
HELlD UP IN" HAIiliWAY
OF A LODGING-HOUSE
of organized labor. The feeling for the
"open shop'^was strong.
"If a man is not a union member
and Is loyal to you, you must be loyal
to him. We must -be. able to obtain
liberty in every sense of the word, and
not ; merely privileges. The conditions
are disgraceful , which make it neces
sary for us> to consult with our em
ployes at every step." P ,' T:
Contractor William Grace of Chi
cago declared- that he was tired of be
ing tolu what to do by Gompers and
Mitchell a'nd other labor leaders. ".I
/Grace declared that the running of
the United States mail cars without
police protection during the recent
strike had made •him think that his
rights and the rights ! of every Ameri
can citizen were Just as sacred as the
mall, cars.
By, other speakers all the troubles
of the builders were rlaid at ".the : door.
"Why. the emblem' of 'liberty is a
farce," he cried, "when men are shot
down in the streets because they are
tryln? to earn an honest living; when
we are afraid to assert our rights for
fear some labor organization will op
pose us!
"It Is ridiculous." he declared, '"to
think you should be obliged to waste
your time discussing your rights with
walking delegates, business agents
and labor leaders. You have your
rights, and no man' should be able to
step In and dictate to you and tell -you
where your rights begin and end. We
want to make this national organiza
tion so strong that it will never again
be necessary for us to confer day
after day with labor leaders to obtain
cur rights.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge of the Odd
Fellows has appointed a committee
to arrange for a Christmas snowball
party to be given in the Odd Fellows'
bulldir.gr on the evening of Wednes
day, the T3d inst. Isabella Clarke has
r.«en named as the chairman of the
A mmittee.
Christmas Snowballing.
W. H. II. Hart, who last August
borrowed $500 from John Partridge,
giving his promissory note, payable In
ninety days, as security, was sued on
the note yesterday by B. J. Carroll, to
whom Partriflsre assigned the docu
•'¦'' ¦
Tn^nu
Flics Suit on Hart's Xote.
ready to repeat it. Birbe learned -poli
tics under the famous "King" Mc-
Manu5. kins: of the Potrero, San Fran
cisco.
Abraham Fernandez Is the complain
ing witness in Birbe's case. It is al
leged that Birbe applied a highly ob
jectionable epithet to him, and since
the indictment Birbe is more than ever
HONOLULU, Dec. 6. — Solomon Me
heula. Clerk of the House of Repre
sentatives, has had two indictments
presented against him for destruction
of vouchers by the Federal Grand
Jury- That he was the only one In- j
dieted is simply because the looting
of the treasury, shown up by the ''
Grand Jury, does not come within the
fcope of the federal law to punish.
By MetienbTs official position, that
made him the custodian of public rec
ords, he became amenable to the stat
ute of the United States provided for \
safeguarding such documents. When
it was found that he had paid out
more than £1000 without having:
vouchers to show authority for the ex
penditure, the duty of the Grand Jury
was to investigate whether or not
there had been vouchers for the items
in question and if so what had become
of them.
With regard to the receiving: of pub
lic money by others than the clerk,
for which either no services or only a
mere pretense of service had been
rendered, the Federal Grand Jury was
compelled to pass the facts on to the
Territorial authorities for jurisdiction
as coming under the Territorial laws
urainst embezzlement, larceny, gToss
cheat, or whatever law, in any par
ticular case, applied.
In each indictment against Solomon
Meheula it is charged that he, being
a public officer, namely, clerk of the
House of Representatives, t having the
custody of records, documents and pa
pen of the House of Representatives,
did have in his possession a certain
voucher. The number of a particular
warrant is then given, with the
n mount for which it was drawn, and]
then the indictment specifies how the:
accused committed a violation of sec- i
lion 5408 of the Revised Statues of the !
United States.
The pecond Indictment against Me- j
heula, in similar form, charges him on |
tlire* counts with having destroyed I
vouchers for $30, $33 and $60 respec- !
lively. In each count of both indict- ;
merits it is set forth that Clerk Me- 1
heula was paid the money for himself |
by the public Treasurer.
The Federal Grand Jury expresses j
its opinioijjof legislative grafting In the
following terms:
"This Grand Jury was astonished at I
the si>ectacle presented by a body of j
men selected by the electors of the Ter- ¦
ritory to perform neither administra
live nor executive, but legislative func- ;
lions, granting: the right to an indi- ;
vidual not a member of that body to ,
authorize the payment out of the jnb- j
lie treasury of $50,000 and in no way i
providing for the proper recording of J
financial transactions or at auditing the ,
accounts thereof, or of finally deposit- j
ing such accounts with a public officer.
And this Grand Jury is of the unan
imous opinion that the honor of the
Territory and its representatives and :
the economic management of its fin- !
antes demands the enactment of such ¦
a law or laws as shall properly regu- :
'late and control the expenditures by I
future legislators."
The Territory may get back a share !
of the legislative graft in the form of j
income tax.
James H. Hakuole. cashier in the or- j
fice of the Collector of Internal Reve- j
nue. has been indicted for the embez- i
zlement of $164. It is reported that a j
further shortage has been discovered in j
Hakuole's accounts, being of collections j
outside the office, since the Grand Jury I
investigated his case.
The Territorial Grand Jury has in- j
dieted H. C. Birbe Jr. for profanity at j
the polls on the day of election. Birbe ;
was an insr»ector in the "Fighting Sev- j
enth" Precinct.
Special C<-rre?rcr!(5eace of The Call
Clerk of Hawaiian House of
Represenlalivcs Is Indict
ed for Destroying Vouchers
« .
TWO CHARGES PREFERRED
In Each Count Ifc Is Claimed
That the Official Received the
Money for His Own Uses
MORE TROUBLE
FOR MEHEULA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13,, 1903.
27
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JfTWONDERFUL
The amount of good you'll re-
ceive from a few doses of Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters, especially
when the stomach is disordered
or the liver inactive. It cures
Loss of Appetite, Sour Stomach,
Heartburn, Dyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Chills or Malaria. Be sure
to try it, also obtain a copy of our
Illustrate/! Almanac for 1904 from
your druggist. It is free and con-
tains instructive reading matter
ttyt is well worth having.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
THE EMPORIUM . } THE EMPORIUM, j THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPOBnTM | THE EMPORIUM j THE EMPORIUM
(Rainy Day Store) One hundred experienced salesladies wanted at once. Apply (Rainy Day Store)
Merchandise Orders | California^ Grandest Holiday Store t Watch Sale
Glcve Orders Open Evenings how until Christmas ' *°?J m Z q I?/fi i^ er
Issued for any amount. They enable the /V^_S—^ ll|jl|pll < ' o^f ?lf^!t^1 n ?^l^ rf .
recipients iO make their OWn Selections. <m^~^7 l^y^^ rr >^ "SV^Fl^ - style, and p different «tyle»,jast in time for the holiday trade, at a
IV/ietl in doubt What to ChoOSe get a Vier- . *s*//s/L>^ <^'- : f~7 C^ Ladies* Solid Gold Watches $12.35 and $15.35
. .. . .it . i • l>srr£^r\ < y^V*%-^ .— // f) Ladies* Gold filled Watchei. . $6.40 to S9.5O
chandise order at the glove counters, main s/7 kC&7 ftv f L/r/F^jfflJ~L/P i/^\y^\ JLs fl '1*7 f? /*77"7**^ Ladies> S3iy silTCr w«chei $5.85
th ffr iunda X^^f/r/ISr* ( TIST/I M Fl /f\ HT0f I // // // ff /rf Mea '' Watck:3 -' A v d r ff*f h <7 '.?. 4 '? 5 ~ g ° :d filsd $ 5 '45
f _— -i^--- "^ZZ-'-i^^^^^^S^t^^ Until Christmas Eve,
Gun Dependable Furniture "^ — — <~~* *yy\ w^*^^yT\!7 % v #»«..«?»-»»• -»nri r§tw f?un<=
{except kitchen furniture) \ Here you can Supply every Christmas Want Including Timber Wolf and Young Bear-
Until Christmas Eve without leaving the store-and save money, from Michigan.
Holiday Clothing \ Silk Hose $1.5Q All Furs Reduced Women's Suits and
for Boys ,l\. Ladies' nne One-Third j*^> Coats at Enormous
w The Emporium's juvenile de- i j M '¦ - # v. ;:: --- r;
S/p partment has an enviable reputa- A ;M Siik Underwear Our annual Clearance sale in . WgW &*G83UC&iOi3S fT^D ' J
tion with the mothers of San Fran- J .| ud!e$ . Pure SiiK Thread Ho$e _ rast this department in December in- &$ The Annual <Q^h
AJ&fH Cisco and the Coast States gener- 1 i ,'" '/I Mack, high » P i«d hed., double 5 O :«, pair . stead of January. mSL Jl, ; " , < 2^W F -Tx
PU/ ally. Thousands of pleased cus- ij U'^M • • • • $I.5O v . c IW^SX Clearing Sale
I»\wSk tomers will testify to the sterling 4 Udi»« M Seeing Silk r!ose-Fa« black, Y ° ur f hoic u e of any fur mcn ;' K^%\ in December OKX
V N^^?li qualities of our boys" clothing and \m ;J cobweb gau«, : p»ir $2.OO scarr - 8toe * boa ' C /P c - or children s feV^vJ Instead of ¦" Ad Iff /Vj&
' \\ the little prices that they have to *'? fM Ladcs . Purc Scwing S ;ik Thread Ho«--in sets in the Emporivm at one-third *$&£$k%J.8 in January /-^'lly*" I : lJ*m \
X\\i\ >f/ P a y COm P aredwithth0SetheyPa! ' d \ •: "* M h.nd.o m ,ly embroidered effect-,^ : css than th= regular marked price. J^^Wk. " Surplu, stocks, ,tr«t and evening \
A iH\Vll /// formerly- j .;;.' $2.75* &4.7S .•¦••¦. . Jffi^ZWS^ suts, costume/, wrap,, waist, ™i /^Vt/fe^
r^-^f^if Little BOVS' Sailor Suits fit Sped- ' '?] Ladies' Pure Sewing Silk Thre.d Hose-Fa t A wond:rful Chmtmas saving M'^W^^M Every garment nearer ii^In reach X -f fjW^W J
1 S I- Mlh^ allV Cvt Prices— The large Sales Of Z >J bUck, 'act eff«t ? , m el»borat : de5<gn., pair practical gift buyers. g MZ€>* of the Emporium .houd v:dt our l|i^''.'w\j\
'ft'**^ I 1 //JTm i f + fh«; hnvinc lf»ft Vji^ -./' v&.OU , v ¦'. ¦ B * <^ su.t department to-morrow. f. ! ¦• \ \ W^y/
lWl^%^ P us overstocked in sailor suits Other styles-French novelties . t4,SO to $8.BO pair. CfC£3r3f1CC Of GHCViOt MhSsSj *£?* C $ioloO U .J | I V/AiMO
mW for boys 3, 4 and 5 years, Udiei* Swiss R.bbtd Silk Vests- Low neck, no fleeves, in a variety of * -r^v VeStlnff WaiStS I27.50 and $zj' S o VeVuig, ' W I '» JrllfWW
V.j tm vflb \\e have decided to unload P r:ttiiy hand crocheted yokjs, colors cream, pink and sky, each ... WfX U,, n Ar~A. ~f ft,;. ..,.««». «,^.» Broadcloth and Mixture Suits, now I-./ rlM'ih
h<> m during the few days preced- ......... $1.75,$1.5O, $1.25, $1.tO ¦•Jgl$J Handlcds of thl$ scason S most $14.95 ]//• ;}!'M&
L S ing Christmas When SO many Ladies' Spun Silk Vests-Swi.s R bb.d, high neck, long s.eeves, cream, 'v . frc^ est washabIc U 7 . S o and ,J3S;Oo Zibeiine, bit .^W
; \J dhzzp parent? are looking tor prac- pnk and ¦'<)-> «ch $2.OO J^$3fc=< W1DtCr al$ "' taken from our chevlot *siO 7B^l*ai7 SO A/ > i\ \\
tical presents, and therefore Equestrian Orawers to Ma'.ch-Ankle length, c p:n , each . /^StoI regular $2.75, * / 4 ," s f t0 / 57 5O *zibrfine "v^n $ 1 lU M
otter Maxrsj 4 and J only- silk .nd Wool Mx:d V«t,-Swi K ribbed, h'gh neck, lorg .'eeves, If rSl fKl . * nd *5|« Hn "' tnd *P Ccia^ &&£Zfi3^Jf52£ I <G7k\1 \
$ 9 . O3 and $10.00 suit, for H'fS pink, ,ky b'ut and cream, each .....?.... . $1.50 Wif 1 J A 1 f ( \ " P»«d ; $f.35 $35.00 .nd $25.00 M $1J$\§ . I
-.coanH S.oo su.:. far S.OO I ¦ \ \ Z*Z~ V^/St \ '4 4 ¦. \\ „ « \\> ', and 5 7 o.oo ZibeUnc and JF / W IJM&) It l\ \
Novelty c uit« for Little Tct»— AU of the r r:tty styles that weri d;v\ed Equestn n drivers to match i $1.75 \-Jffl$j^*\r~\- Nc^f PeaU de C Yi nc WaJStS. J«t "- Broadcloth Suits, now . . . . //^— ifi M \\ I
for rhh winter, new Eton .ai %£«*.£* Cashmere Mcr.no Vests and P*n<s- F.mou, «GI b- make, Jersey Jffl®&&fr s f) "^^ " N ' W ' v ' S52 ' SO f S5O.OO * // /111 |'
and 1 rench n-ckti= and bloom.r panu, in a large variety o. non-shrinking, F e fret fitting, natural or cream, garment . . /mffMSSST^ m3k "' » n P^^ty light blues, pinks. Foreign made and cur own cos- K/f //J^U ±* '
»«3to8ye.n • • SG.50 5125 ffl WffuW^ champagne, heliotrope and white, tumes for te and 1 e«nia 2 + mmmk
Tht Njw V«rsily Suits fn young men, 13 to 19 years, m fan:y worstrd, , . r tl ... „ jr . . . ,. /f f/ ; ' 'Bl « «7 co value oricedfor holi *«« that were J27. 50 to i 5 oo, now $18.50 ta $15O
Scotch m'xtures and rh n bu- serges of excellent quality. A large "Merode ' Ej?yptain Cotton Vests— Pints and Equestrian tight?, cream /jjTfj! mW "J/'S 0 v.iuc, pneca ror noil $9.00 to J 65. OO long and short SUk Coat?, now
a:?ortment of perfectiy cut farmen-itJ select frcm; the su'.t..5/tf» CO co!or . aU ity!ef, gaiment.- . . . . . . ........ . QQ G m day $5.95 $3.5O to $37. 5O
Smoking Jackets and §oiid GoisS Jewelry— Silver Novelties Celluloid, Leather and
0, ?r*Tf ' ?7'ffH^ I liPli " iah c/ass: Go ° ds at PH prioes I vo^^i^rff^te, and
Only $5.00 lor a really good Smoking JacKcl—^ne taat /^W^ T^-^ W Solid Goli Ring,- sg net f tyi- and with fancy Genuine Deposit Silver Perfume Bottles. « /i - N . nractical holiday gifts vou'll find our h\o rotunda
notoniv iooks good, bu: is good, from every standpoint. J§©«--- ~v \ stone settings, two pretty itylet of which are in picture. $1.VO i,J$fa Pracucai nonuay Riiib, you 11 unu our Dig roiunaa
Thetabric i, of pure wool dark Oxford gray cheviot. tf^CSJ) .hown in picture, Jm /. \ . . . . . / "/J e s ' «~ so 'J,* £f^ K^S ™* ? nCy f 1^ tment m0St hel P ful -
with contrasting black and white or red and black p'.aid iWa^U *'-50 u P to $ tS .OO S| S^S '^f'^ °^f "f J ' W W^i Th f br , ief » 1St ™% h^ tO y° U ' £ f ,
faring fastened with siik frog; and bound whh si:k Infant,' Solid Gold Rngs- plain and with stone ToiIet S:tI >, frcm S22.5O to $48.50 /&$&. 5O» Austrian Court Wood hoyelties-Never before shown
cord. "Remember that the Emporium', pries for this f7^\^^ s,tt nP . ,.....: 5 Q O to $2.00 Comb and Brush Set,, from.. $1.85 to $15 (;g? 3>J ]^R in this City, highly artistic- Mcnc , Cft<riPrt
superior garmrnr is only. ........ $5.00 Go!d Wedding Rin SS _i 4 k and ,gk. Comb, B:ush and M rror Sets, . . . . . Vm£& JSHb g)"" an^ C " ff 5, 0XeS ' J^°
SmokiiisJM*ctsat$7JO-MadeoffMhiontb-ego-fcloth, :& ': S3.00to$ 8 .00 .r. . : : ,$5.OD to $24.75 3 *^ Glove and handkerchief sets 2 pieces $5-00, $6.00
in three verv pretty shades, brown, blue and Oxford, \*~<O5i*^4$ SoM '' Goi L< >ck«s-in al the new finishes, Royal Co Ppir MUitary Sets, 5 pieces . . $12 j|sv?5^ (ffl Austrian court wood jewel DOXes, 53^0, 55.
wiA nain 'facin« Also a laree varictv of coats in S^^-4§Sw some -with . diamond sett nf . as is the one „,..:•._ ; **.-„ -» -nfffZSA ¦- A AvV \ I Vienna Smoker Tables— Imitation mahogany and poi-
nt P rnix*ue Sht R t ys and «n, S contra ing *— ! " fe «« S+" MMO ¦ 1"°?*??"^ / ¦**'*? " WeO |f^»"ij | ished wood, usefuland ornamental $2, 52^0,52.75, $3
P "d or^str? ed ffdngsall 2 ? «h"«'.i k triced ""2 X^' ™ ™^~S2.5O to $ 5 .OO *»™'^ w A T Wfl * **£%£' f^g^A
exceptional values .t $7.50 >£^ ***** Si, e ,je W ei Cas, . . . . $W.5O MUuiry in^^6eni«,; ebony^f fosewfffeS
fmokirg JackeU$10.CO-In pla: n golf cloths, double fcc-d chevots /^>^^v Art N«wi «fc, from-. . ..... Sterling Silver Shaving. Cupi:. . . . S11.75 dH^Y , #^A MllUaI ? *>% K Vf nUine ? DOn y ana ™Se\/OOG I , Dest
a-d tar.cy rr. : \:ures The.- com- !n navy, »tal, tan ani O\f,rd gray, /'^^S.^WW . . $2*QO to $20.00 Cut G'ass Cigar Jars, with sterling silvsr tops, /'^ )]fl tf/l^i QUalltV, SlUr Dn^lies, pair 5> i . / O
and ar? pleasingly trimmed. Ycu hare undoubtedly s:en jacVeti no \*& i^$QjW Go!d Brooche.' in the n*w Art Nouveau frOm ' ' - ' * ' • S5.O0 S18.0O tf\\ W&& Transparent CellvIoidNoVCltlCS-- An amazing assortment:
brtter than th;«: markH 515.03. We know th:/ are a most unusual Y'tfzdrVfifflff " ,nd fancy ftylcs, "crescent*, wreaths heaus Sterling Silver Match Boxes .... $1 to $5 %*) JifZo P^tograph albums, Ji to Manicure sets, kl to 82.75.
««;«•. &%£ii JJ2'£2 J<Jf^y and .unbu-stf, all the ntw«t patter'nsani Sttrng Silver Soap Boxe, . . . . Musical albums, $3 « 5«. Collars and cufii. 50c to | 4 .
Men'. Lounging Rob:. SW.OOS15.OO fjj&Z-^ finishrf $2.OO to $2O.'uO •" . S4.OO to 38.50 JHL ToJet sets. *i to - Necktae boxes, 40c to $1.75.
/*i7»ot>«<? Pinoc GmnlroB**:' At*ttf*f*><s // V u, r .. cjw r n ru • c •• ' c- ' '^- ' ' ?, " S^*^"s&>z Box containing brush and comb, imitation stag, aterline
LriyUrSf r/pSSf UniUHBr'o M*riH*lt£x> /L^.olC7J/"^\\ solid Uolu Chains, trcm Sterling 5 l.ver Cigarette Gates 2N£-saaSESW*S, -i J r ***% ep«
Choic; C gars are tpecul.y put up r".r the holiday ttadi at thrieprces: J&^ZL&StJft • S8.OO to $3O OO $5.O9 to &12.O 2 ' ' P^lF -""HP mounted, lor $2.OU
General Arthur Cigars, iz in a b.-x, for ± e Q,°. 7***$Srlj Men>t S lk Fob Chain, w'th .oBd gold buek> Silver Deposit Flasks.. -in S^Gfi^VI Imitation .tag wbhk broom holder, With .tag handle broom
" I! \\V r £l' §2 tn i^#S5-y ™*™™™~S4.OO«>&18.aO S5.7Sto522.fioft|^»^ . . . -v . . . . $2.50
HuBibolct C-an « U-k d«f inteV .' '. .* .' .* .' .' .' $2.35 Ladi "' Soli . d GU Witch chiin3 - w!th and Sur.ing Silver Cups for children " l ! &®S%j& Wrisl Ba S s and Avtomobile Ba^s — Probably the large,t
O^trr.j Cgar', ;^ a-ge s\zr, in bcx $2 73 A^^T^tS^X without slides (th: slides let with gmuin: $4.(JO to &1O.OO and most complete assortment to be found in any retail
PrVferenda C : Ea»," is large izr, in box $2.7o Q^2& S^5) ol2monis or fant^ """JiL * ' ,„ «1 Sterling silver and sUver mounted articles, such Kgj**£2&£/ store west of Chicago. Children's wrist bags at 25c
Large assortment oj cigars in boxes . . . 65O to $2.O0 diSr IOmC &5.UU^&JU.OO as cgar cutterj, ramp boxes, pincils, pencil- \/^Z^Z mistei' size Sfln" ladi-i' size in 2-nnine s-al leathe^
bria?P:ptl-25C to Ji.oo-uhh amber .temf, 75c to *i. 50; with TJ~\ Hundreds of Styles of men's solid gold Scarf pins, | holdeis, r a ? er-cuttrrs, bonton boxes, . pocket /£3£§S^. O ,- f OUO, «™» »izc, m genuine .ea^leatner
amber stems in cai;s $1.25 to S6. 50 J ff^H th; newest, prettiest and most attractive de- mirrors, pockc: kn"\ej, key rings, seals with $1mOO
Novelty Piptl— For racks an I dens. '. ISO to $3.Q0 ij /I signs only, Jrom . . ... . . . . . '. . ini'ial, pocket combs, powder jars, mirrors, : ' \ffi£iM«B^wSf •— *• Automobile BajS — At $1-35 «nd man/ Other «tylfi$ of
Cgar Holders -Of amber and meerschaum. . . . SOO tQ $5.50 j jj • ¦ - ¦ SUOO to *£1O.CO eacft etc., from 78o «> $18.00 bags up to . ... . $3OmOO
Umbrellas for Gifts Groceries and Liquors Gifts for Children \ Games! Games! ¥
Of course ycu have an umbrella on your Hs% and arc -.. .. .. rr . % ¦ m " . _ . ___ S 5 : -..¦ -
probab> panning to pay $7.50 or $10.00 for it. For the Holidays . Guaranteed to Please ..combination Game Boards—
lji**?lL- R«d this iist and tee if you wili ,. |. ' , ¦ r<^b^" Rubber Bail Shooting, Gallery We. have Crokinole at 50c, . J^^^^^^^^^K
>^^^§7 hive to. . Best Eastern Sugar- Choiccofanyofourgz.so %#! -Splendid indoor and out- 7 - c <, . 25 a nd Si. 50, and the \M & /^~^>^A
' (fl^D For Children ¦ Cured Hams^CWe, Whi,ki«-O:d Gobe, F^^hfe W-^STi TSZ Crown . Bobds."^ IP-e- ftr« fL^^Wj
lU^S^*^ firm mcat ' on -SJifg-m Kentucky River, etc.— ' JL iLfZ ball gun; .hooting hollow bar. $ , , o IOO g am -s « 4 7C W^^^SS^^^
H>7W A > tr ° nS ScrV1CCabIc "mbreiia with Monday, lb.. B Bl U'4%0 Monday,' %*\>$1 m Q5 Jrhs I f§TfJ and 6 figures to shoot at, enly boards are a constant tort of
ill j Kl Congo handle ...... 500 ' ' ¦ ' ' — " ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦" ' ¦ 1 ' Jyjf if ll^^ .... • • - - BOO amu!cme nt for the entire family. * ¦
\\ N W A good quality G'oria siik umbrcila, Best Glace Citrcn, orange or ltmon Heinz's Mince Meat or Apolc Rocking Horses— A great line -^ IKf A4 £LKt*
V „ 1 qri • 1 • i_ • ' 1 j- r.,-,-1 nnimrl 17- R,,f>».r r'k .'«,,. rrn i -n I \<!r °f { h: best makrs; wcodtn #«¦ »wt^ Ail m rriJi,
\ »¦ ffl w »h n»<-*e horn ana pear; hand e. P tel » P ound ! /c But.er, 5-.b. s.one crocks . /Oc rrrkin* h^^, on« /« r c t r v ¦ v : i
ijM L} fl\ ******* n - - . . "^afi^tfff^-^^ reccing narie?, QUO tO ' Game of India. Kris Kr.ng!;.
iS& P. MA ior ...¦.f. •;-.;'...::; . $1.UO New Brazil, Pecan or Hazel Nuts, Srarkl'ng Burgundy, pint, 75c 97m BOf Piuih covered rocking horses (imitation of skin) that can Baseball. Gyp.y Fortune Teller.
MBeyA'fti A choice Caro'a covered umbrella, best P<>Und ' ' • • • • • • • »5c qums . . $ , #25 be taken off the rockers and uud a. a rolling hone, S4.OO a.^d Errand Boy. F ls h Pond.
CfSHRaSMfUa i u j; f a* rn Kew B-s- Oualtv Mixrd Nut* ,, i ,,rf xxr- , Fn SB.5C; genuine colt sk n liaises . . . $7. SO to &t6.OO Checker Boards. Game of Lotto.
flVtHHS'-l S.IT1 frame, preay handle, for . Si .50 - ..mea :\ut.«, Hock White \\ inr, extra, ca . 50c u u n • r-.» ....,,-.. -n j r>j- u j r» . . c.
mlxil® «$*'' . *P*m%*%* pound l5( _ » ,h -jv*. Hippy Hooligan— lh; new series ot illustrated books, mclu-iing Happy Red Ridins Hood. Department Store.
Isl'Ps&rt SFsi Union Silk Umbrella, with tiivtrr . Cho'ce Dinner Wines, Sauterne, Hooligan, katzenjammer Kids, Foxy Grandca, Bu'.rr __ Man in th: Mson. Telrgraph Boy.
'1M™ or pearl or ivory handle $2.50 P ° TCOrn l po?) 4 r ° un ,. ds Reeling or Zin:andc!, gal.. .75c- Brown, etc., publifhed at 75c, our price 45C Santa Gauj. Hand cf Fat;.
M»ii\ Fine .ilk .erge umbrella, with daintv „ *'" " '«"•' ' ' '/ ,« Cabernn Claret or Burgundy, gal- Pe^I or Velocipede W«gon-Sh:et steel, with wrought aeel g? ar, seat Backgammon Boards. Tobogjaninj Game.
siiw'qr' *'"»A •' >, ji *o nt% " ood Cluster Raisin., pound . 10c Ion . . '. $'00 ° ' ° own ' ini niakes a flu'h bottom, can be either used as a veloc!- MA SStS * Ai SStS
•'¦" .l.ver Handles .V-.^";;,; . §u5 m UU « „ . . , ,-,. .......... pefe or wagon, handsome!/ painted ani ornamented, an exceptior.a' •*•* t » *»•»•»
Fancy Cluster Resins, pound . I5c Eastern Sweet Cder, gallon . .50c va'ue at $3.15 BasebalL Steeple Clase.
Fdi* VwOntQIt ¦ FOP men • Seeded Raisins, package . . . IOc Eastern Boi.ed Cider, bottle .25c D*SlrS— An. immense asscr: meat, trcm among which we have se- Rcugh Riders. - Wild Wert
Serviceable UmbreJa, w th Caro!a Plain, strong handled Umbrella, • Jeited our No. I, a well made desk of birch, with fcackboard, th: Cow Bay. ... „-.
ccverng, .eel rod, Par.jon covered with good G!om .ilk, New Fard Dates, pound . . . I2c Imported Rhme W^,, Rude- Gam S of Lotto. ¦ Kng Quo.t,
frame, neat handle. . 51.5O paragon frame, sterl rod . . . Plum Puddings -Gordon & DU- - 'f H «, r nft O r Braun " ur 8". now . . . ....!......... . QOO Pretty ViJlage. Race Around the World.
Union Si!k covered Umbrella- $1.25 wcrth's . . IOc, 22c, 43r. 60c tie, »MJUj caseot i2qt».$I0.50 Blackboards— A special value in cur «teel b'ackboard, it»nd« 48^ inch- Butterfly Gams. Messenger Boy.
With pearl, ivor/, silver or C*ro a Covered Umbrella - S !ver B est Californh Fig! 4. lbj 2<C Imported French Wines, Sauterne , es high, blackbcad ij 17x21^" inches, guarantetd not to %yarp, ctack Pitch a Ring. Day at Grcus.
horn handle, for . . S2.5O trram:d handles, bestfr*me, 1 ' " ol or Graves' Sup-rior, gal . $'.75 or bwak, n;w cloth silhouette roll copies, woith cur price now Fuh Pond. O««*,f.««f
Pure Silk Umbrella- Mounted . 82*OO Stuffed F*ri Dates, packag- . 25c '* • * /i7 . v ' il QQ O Watermelon Parch. ParOBOmi.
with ster.ing silver handles, Uni.n S Ik Umbrella -Select stag, Stuff-d Golden Dates, pkg. . ..!0c Champagne, all brands imported. Brownie Cameras-NV toys,' but' good" pktu're" 'talkeri, No. 1 ukei Safety Target, etc., etc. Etc., Etc.
f 4'9 U boxwood or hern handle, silver, Martin - g Best Eastern Cream P'nts,H43; quarts. .. .$2.73 pctures 2^ x2 ,/ ; nches /.,......... . ... $1.OO Mf*~~it*.~*~..e> /V,-~—
Pu:e Siik Umsrel as - W.th u.ver trimmed &3.5O Cheese, pound :20c Club Cocktails .. . . '. . $| 25 No. 2 with a double view finder, take, ajtotf in. S2.00 . miSCOIiajXOOUS USmBS
and pearl or tilvsr and iv:r.-, Siik Umbrella— Ivory, selected j „ che8tnut , pouhd 2 0c o ••' «. nn 1 • Brownie Carrying Cases— SOO and 75OS Brownie Developing Lou-ta 40c. Nelly Biy 40c, Nine Pin* 25 C to $LCO
and gold P !atei wocd, horn or gun metal hand- pound. . .20c , Crown Cocktau,, y.00, also F m«, Ootfi 7 & o ) Brownie Developing Machin'r, S2.OOS ma- Table Croquet 50c. 75c, $1.00, Ring Toss 25c, 5Cc $1.00
$5.0O to, for. . 55.OQ New R<pe O.wes, quart. . ..25c 50c, half pints . . . . . 25c ch ine outfit"? . ..... . . .« . ...... . . .i .-.7BO } Bagatelle Boards at . ...... . 25c,50c.$l.C0Edward A. Kitto yesterday peti
tioned the Superior Court to appoint
Byron I. Taylor, father of Avy Tay
lor Kitto, his wife, guardian of her
person and estate. Kitto says that for
the last year his wife has evinced a
desire to. manage . her . property, on
Point Lobos avenue without consult-
Says Ills Wife Is Incompetent.
\ Carrying out ..its idea of ."paying, no
body, a profit," the Standard. Oil Compa
ny has stations of its own' in all the im
portant ports of the world, and in- many
European cities delivers ."water white"
oil at the cunsunu-r's kitchen door. •
Dr. and Mrs. Bruce Goff of London
are at the Palace.
Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Juillard of
Santa Rosa Is at the California.
TV. W. Bryan, a newspaper man of
Los Angeles, is at the Occidental.'
F. H. ¦ Kennedy, a hardware mer
chant of Stockton, is at the California.
Prison Director Don Ray is down
from Gait and registered at the Lick.
James Green, a prominent mining
man of Boise, Idaho, is at the Occi
dental with his wife. : r •:>
Albert L. Kopp, a . merchant of
Paris, who has been traveling through
the Orient, is at the Palace. .
C. O. Whitteman, general attorney
for the Clark road at Salt Lake, ar
rived from Los Angeles yesterday and
is registered at the Pdlace.
Pierre Humbert, a well known! min
ing man, who has been abroad for sev
eral months, returned to the, city yes
terday and registered at the California.
S. Smulders and wife of Rotterdam,
who are making a t«ur of the .world,
arrived on the, China steamer yester
day and are registered at the Palace.
T. J. Norton, general counsel of the
Santa.Fe.Company.'.ls in- the city con
ferring with Chief Counsel -Herrin of
the Southern Pacific '¦ Company- regard
ing the hearing of the companies' rout
ing-cases in Los Angeles next month.
Mrs. Herman Oelrichs is on her way
PERSONAL.
The joint committee of Police, Fire
and Streets of the Board of Super
visors yesterday recommended that
the petition of the Pacific States Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company for
an extension of fifteen months' time
from January 12, 1904, within which
to comply with the terms of the or
dinance reguUUing the placing of high
voltage wires on poles, so that life
may. be safeguarded, be granted. The
committee also submitted a form of
ordinance granting the extension of
time. . . ¦
From the testimony adduced at the
meeting of the committee it was as
certained that the telephone company
and the Independent Electric Light
and Power Company are the ' only
concerns affected by the provisions of
the ordinance regulating the placing
of wires that proceeded in good faith
to comply with its provisions-. •
The work of the telephone company
has been delayed by a strike of its
linemen lasting through several
months. The assurance was given by
the' representatives of the company
that the work will be completed with
in the time granted by the extension.
Some fear was expressed by the
representatives of the Linemen'sUnion
present that the grant of the exten
sion of time to the telephone company
might affect the validity of 'the' main
ordinance in so far as it applied to
other companies subject tp its terms.
The committee, however, ~ expressed
its belief that if any action of the
board 's invalid in ' that regard it
would be .the grant of extension of
time and the telephone company
would alone be the sufferer, v/
General Manager Lawless of the
San Franciseo Gas and Electric Com
pany made an absolute guarantee that
the entire work, so far as his com
pany : was concerned, would be com
pleted within fifteen months. W. It.
Hewitt said the city's wires'could* be
properly placed; in nine months', time,
but it would require an appropriation
of ' $20, 0 00 . for the " purpose, r F. ' '¦ H.
Lamb of , the Western Union Company,
M. Collins ¦ of the Mutual . Electric
Company and W. Abbott of the United
Railroads! desired one -year's time In
which " to comply'- with the ordinance.
The "attorney of the : Linemen's" Union
ineffectually: pleaded for. an extension
of nine, months' time only..- ...
Supervisors Eecommend That
Extension of Time in Which
to Comply With Law Be Given
to San Francisco and is expected to
arrive here Monday. Her' nephew,
John Oelrichs, arrived here several
days ago and is staying with Herman
Oelrichs at the latter's country home
.across the bay.
Rev. W. N. Brewster and wife, who
have been serving for fifteen years as
missionaries in Foochow. China, re
turned on yesterday's steamer from
the Orient and are on their way to
their former home in Ohio. They ex
pect to return to China in about twelve
months.
Oliver -Mink of Boston, controller of
the Union Pacific Company when that
road was in the hands of Gould, and
Frederick L. and Stanley Ames, mem
bers of the wealthy Ames family of
Boston, which has long held a large
block ; of stock in the Union Pacific,
are" at the Palace. The gentlemen are
making a tour of the coast, and have
just come from the Northwest.
Native Sons.
The "ladies' night" which Pacific Par
lor had planned some time since has
been indefinitely postponed. The prodi
gal son of this parlor, S. A. D. Jones,
has returned from Honolulu and the
parlor will soon. kill the proverbial fat
ted calf to celebrate the event. .While
he was away he did not forget his
parlor and while in the Paradise of the
Pacific on Admission, day, celebrating
with other" Native 'Sons. 'he sent to his
parlor, then celebrating in San Jose, a
cablegram of congratulation. He drop
ped-in on . the parlor last week" and
delivered what the Indians call "a long
talk." The parlor forgave him, because
it had not heard him for a long time.
Since his departure from this city he
has raised a' crop of whiskers. •
Army Athletes AVill JIave Op
portunity to Show ' Dexterity
1 in : Outdoor Events . at Post
dash, standing- high jump, running
high, Jump, 220-yard dash and pitching
the Sibley tent. '.'•*' : ? it: ''. ":'...
In the last mentioned contest each
troop, battery and company in the post
will be represented by a team of five
men. The tent will be rolled up and
brought to the field, exactly as would
be the case when actual warfare was
on. .Tbe team pitching the tent in the
shortest space of time according to the
regulations vans the first prize. The
exercises will begin at 9 a. m. All the
first prizes are cash sums of $3 and the
second prizes $2, which are provided by
the pqst exchange. Tv!
-.. THIRTIETH IS COMING.
In the afternoon of the same day a
baseball game will be played between
the officers of the Fifteenth Infantry
and the officers of the Ninth Cavalry,
from Ord Barracks.
The festivities of the day will end
with a ball in the post hoproom given
to the visiting officers by the post of
ficers. ;i-%r£
The Thirtieth Infantry, which is on
the Sherman, due to arrive to-night
An evant of, more than passing Im
portance .at the Presidio will be the
field day on the 22d inst. Practically
all of the troops at the'post will par
ticipate in. the different sports and
events. The Xinth Cavalry, which has
been stationed at the Yosemiie Valley
for the last Jour months, will take an
active part in.. the proceedings, and it is
expected that it will make the artillery
hustle for prizes. f-*V,
Following are some of the principal
e\-ents on the programme: 100-yard
FIELD SPORTS
FOR PRESIDIO
Miss Caroline L. ¦ Greiseim. a clerk In
the civil service department at "Washing
ton, hzs had a unique duty cut out for
her. She has been detailed to make a
tour ; of inspection, of the postofHces of'
the country and interpret the civil ser
vice regulations. . ,"£;.»:
FAVOR PETITION
OF COMPANIES
The Fifteenth Infantry baseball team
will. arrive. on. Monday from Ord Bar
racks, Monterey, to take part in the
baseball sports, that will continue dur
ing the week. 'Lieutenant Milton A.
Elliott will bring the team up. It will
play daily during the week against the
Tenth Infantry, the Thirteenth Infanr
try, the post team and the team of the
Xinth Cavalry. As all the different
teams are in fine condition some bril
liant games will undoubtedly be put up.
Major John Bigelow Jr. of the Ninth
Cavalry, who has been stationed at Ord
Barracks, Monterey, is daily expected
at the Presidio, where he will take
command of the third squadron, com
posed of Companies I, K, L. and M.
There will be a public auction at the
post on Monday, December 21, when
nineteen condemned horses and four
condemned mules will be sold to the
highest bidder.
The Thirteenth Infantry crossed bats
with the Presidio team yesterday. The
ground was muddy and slippery. The
Thirteenth won. Score, 5 to 4.
BASEBALIi GAMES.
from Manila, will be'temporarily quar
tered in the model camp, which has
been put in fine condition for the re
ception of these soldiers. - Everything
about the camp is in the ; best of order,
and the popular Thirtieth, with its pop
ular commander, will find itself very
•much at home as soon as it reaches its
quarters.
The new permanent bachelors' quar
ters, just adjacent to the chapel, are
rapidly approaching completion. The
building is of red brick, and when fln
ishe3 will have apartments for about
twenty officers. They will be a Valu
able acquisition to the post.
ing her relatives and that he believes
that she is mentally incompetent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY;- DECEMBER 13, 1903.
28
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
oocoooccososocoosoo«ocoeoooooo©oo«ooooo©«
Dry Goods -^^^^^ Company
Sizes: Children's Long and
Four Short Coats
"C* In Ktrsey, Serge, Broadcloth, Cheviot, Bouclr ,
six Formerly Sold for $10
Efoht rc now P^ acc<^ on *k e clearance table
of the children's department, second
*r-r floor, to close out immediately at
Tw " ve $C.OO
Years J
GET YOUR GLOVE ORDERS AT THE . f .
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
GetjyzrdStocttoactrrets^UnicaSqoarJ. u .......
OOOS5©GOeeOSO3€*O0GS«GeOOG3OO9OS©©©SO©OeSOl
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"A COMMON COLD."
"The history, literature and therapeu-
tics of the condition known as a 'Cold'
shows conclusively that very little has
been known in regard to this state.
"Who has not witnessed the many fail-
ures of a 'good sweating,' a dose of 'cas-
tor oil,' etc.? The fact is, we have been
overlooking the true origin of the fdis-
eased state known as a 'Cold.' It is, pri-
marily a disease of the stomach, a de-
rangement of the processes of gastric di-
gestion." — Medical Times.
The use of Dr. Humphreys'. "Seventy-
seven" breaks up the Cold, and if alter-
nated with or followed by the use of Spe-
cific No. 10 the stomach will perform its
functions and the gastric' derangement
caused by taking cold will be corrected.
- In small- bottles of pellets that fit the
vest pocket. At druggists', 25 cents each.
K E7"Medical Guide mailed free. ¦
¦ Humphreys' Med. Co., cor. William ana John
streets, New, York. . i
ADVEBTISE24ENTS.
Fine Furs for Xmas Gifts
CHILDREN'S SETS
There is nothing a child would appreciate more than one of our
pretty Fur Sets (like illustration).
Plain White Angora, the set \ 91«25
White Angora, blue tipped, the set .......r.'...
French Ermine, the set $2.50
>^-^ White Thibet, the set $3.5O
/S^'VJ Other sets in Siberian Squirrel,
*^>^jr Iceland Lamb. etc.. from
Novelty Fur Neckwear
~Ys^L Blended Brook Mink Stole, fin- Y- jr
!><v^V\ ished with eight large tails; very jf^jg^
|%^ » '• ) stylish, dressy; reasonably priced dfr*%jr&\
KSHfll *^ '• ' \ Sable-Opossum Stole- in a. very frV' I '\
fftf^l "A i\ stylish length, finished with four Stiff, *j\
liliM *'¦] \ large tails and cord and tassel (like ' fwli'{:', f/\
llvn^L '' illustration) at the very special 43f«; /\ &
wr«fflaMB| Pr Sa C ble JFoxV and "Isabella *Fox W\ix/
IK^PneBBH Scarfs, made from whole skins; Wl.ti- Lf/
\^S Also other novelty neck pieces in vwal'^ !^^
\. the most fashionable furs, ranaynsr " ?»
in price from..?5.OO to §100.00
2O% Off^F^ j^*x
Jiven if garment has already been \|$lrak^\!i
reduced you get this large discount on 1
all Jackets, Dresses and Skirts. Our '/W^sl
stock being so new, exclusive and excep- \ *^^S^
tional quality makes this a rare oppor- jdm^
Ghrlstmas Qift^
- Ladies' - Aprons, endless variety *V4fw\ iUlx*L
... — : 25c to'$1.5Q ™^i 4Vm
Ladies'- Neckwear, imported and ex- f 9/ q, l^W yn>\
: Infants' Long Dresses, were $1.50 and [{If \ vWf'
$2.00, now \ .........::......... $1.00 II A\ ( W\
¦ Babies'- Short Dresses, 1-3 years, were \^A f ¦ %\
$4^50 to $7.00, ' : now $2-50 | ; \ \ 1
-Rattles, Bibs, Booties, Gaps, Toilet Sets [¦ r \\
Coats and -Dresses— everything for the !/ ' | \
baby from Shoes to CAP. Ladies' •^•dJwJBbP
Waists, Linen, Flannel and Silk— all ex- r??iSffl!l
clusively our own' styles, all purchased pi'fj^jPin
in Paris, and all at^ReduceD. Prices. ! hT j .
THINW^^ icSar m^»^^^ \A/P AD
TO v CLO/1K & FUR CO.
.. ' "ADVEBTI5E2IENTS. """ ..:.... ' ' ¦ " ', "' .--'-... _. J
§ Judging from our first week's business this store is just what the . , -W\\\\ everv %% 00 cash purchase made at this Store before
| people of San Francisco have been waiting for. Every day r^^-w — 7U k^ — ¦ — 1 J "„ . U&£u;k th£
§ since the opening last Monday the store has been filled with [^ 1 May 28, 1904, we Will give a premium coupon on this
| eoger buyers and° our selling staff has been constantly active. . ' r^W^/M^ X "'"• house and lot to be given away on that day.
5 Oar credit plan has been taken advantage of by many and we - if§&^v* w^.-r'-' : - , MP i fl/1 j nf „:„;„„ fraHina Qhmn«; band concerts souvenirs'
{ have made hosts of friends in this extremely short space of «l!f Instead of giving trading Stamps, Ddnu tuiiLcrib, bouveiurb .
g * time. The furniture, carpet and drapery departments have all ¦ or trivial premiums to induce your patronage, we have
8 shared in the many favorable comments, and thht this building adooted this more liberal plan. . ."¦¦"-
I ¦ contains a or r and exhibition of home furnishings has been the -Jr$t flLJ^^^^f^^^^^^^^^^ F t , , • , u -a l-
I unanimous opinion. We need not dwell on the value of fur- The house and lot are located in the neAV residence Section
I niture as Christmas gifts— everybody knows that it is sure to jfe on Sixth avenue between C and Fulton streets. The
ten staS's-ss rjs house is to b i i six - ro °"; fff e^ d thoroughly modern -
I convenience. " .^ Actual cost of house and lot, $>>{)[).
A folding-bed that you can de- This neatly made chair is for the * : * * : *
pend on, being strong and com- miss or youth who has out- • '"^^P^^^ «^S*g!Lrftfg A^lr ntm rt^,, COO CO
"fortablc. Double width and grown infancy. It's a step be- . Y^^^^v 9 I M \ - Metal Bed $11.25 UaK, HVreaU $^^.^U
. , * . , , twecn babyhood and manhood X^^^^S^z^r^ U^«g2&fl\^i /# *wi.w*i. x^^vi ; .._ .
j provided with a good woven or womanhood. An oak chair, VgT^^^ rWl Enameled white or blu t> with bras, off^f JT.^toSta^rici" EqrippM
, wire, .\i2ae 01 Oircti wooa ma- finished golden color, with cane • .... r^£&*F \^&p knobs on corners. Full double width with a genuine French bevel plate mir-
| hogamzed— a very pleasing scat The price quoted above' ' . '. +2^ and of strong construction. The price ror and plenty of drawer room The
| finish. The price quoted above ! is subject -to the regular dis- Cai'DCtS W00(l Seat ROCfcer $6.75 is subject to the usual cash discount. SS^^^^g^lS^
is subject to a discount for cash. count for cash. VUl pwiJ n vvu «jvai. nvvAWi tpu.it; - *^
, '_ j. ! '. We count our carpet patterns bv The scat is in saddle shape and 4. *s* •!¦ "*"
**" ' * the hundreds. All new — fresh the back is carved. Made of oak, ¦ - : *¦
'¦ «r : ' ' * from the mills. If you want aual- golden finish. One of the best •»" '*'
i , „ . itv for your money buv vour car- Xmas gifts we can 'suggest. The* .'W'V^ITw t^^v •^ ww w-« «-v w +r* ¦**-*> •^^v^krx.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD | •
NEAR Arn frfc ctri'ti PI €l fir A^ Q+f^<A-f Open every evening
Sixth Street 957 T^ 977 "k \CUTKCI Oireet - till X-masNEW YORK, Dec. 12.— The Finan
cier says: One notable feature of the
official statement of the New Y*ork as
sociated banks last week was the
close correspondence between the gain
in cash, as shown in the returns, and
the = estimated increase, as estimated
by the traceable movements during
the week. The specie shows an in
crease of $722,000, while the gain in
legal tenders "was $1,039,500, making the
total increase in cash $1,761,500; the
estimated gain was $l,9$5,S00, or $224,-
S00 greater... The smaller increase in
specie- than in legal.' tenders was as
hag been' the case in previous weeks
niost likely due to the transfers to New
Orleans through the sub-treasury, de
posits therefor being made in. gold;
these transfers to a great extent off
set receipts of gold from abroad and
from domestic sources. The deposits
\howed an unusually small change,
and. instead of there being an increase
of $653,000, as called for by the sum of
the gain in cash less the decrease in
loans, there was a .reduction Of $14,000
In deposits; therefore the" statement
failed to balance.. The decrease in re
quired reserve, resulting from the re
duced deposits, was $11,175, adding to
which the gain In cash makes 51.772,673
as the increase in. surplus reserve,
which item now is $8,0Tf.975. Calculated
upon the basis of deppsits less those
of $36,80S,70O of public "funds, the sur
plus is ?17,r80.150. I-Oans were de
creased $M0S,500, whereas In the pre
vious week they , were augmented by
$1,162,600. Th« reduction this week
was probably due to cancellations of
loans on stock collateral. Bank condi
tions, so far. as regards reserve, are
much better now than they were a year
ago, though the surplus is about equal
In amount because of the prospect that
very eoon the cash reserve .will begin
to be augmented to a greater extent
than recently through- th6 receipts of
gold from abroad. There will also
probably be • an increase in cash
through the return movement of mon
ey from the- West. Some reduction in
cash is looked for during the current
week because of withdrawals from tht»
banks for holiday requlremenio, and
also because of the accumulations of
money vby large concerns in 'antlclpa-.
tio-;» of the making up of their annual
reports. But- this contraction of cash
reserve should cause no apprehension,
for whatever money Js withdrawn for.
the abova menMoned holiday purposes
will be promptly j returned. Th» . avcr
ege dall.v clearings of: the bankB* last
week were $221.000,000,. and those on
Saturday/reflecting Friday's business,
were- $234,547,865, or $13\:>0O.OQ0 above
the daily average. Comparisons f of
changes' in the item of loans 'by- indi
vidual' banks, show net losses, by tuyen.
of the larger institutions of $2,200,000.
The net. cash loss by five banks was ;
$1,200,000. .- '
ESTIMATES WERE CLOSE.
Janitor Summrrnrltl Missins
Mrs. Peter D. Findley of 3145 Seven
- teenth street called at the Coroner's of
fice yenterday and reported Hint Janitor
SummerSeld of Scottish Hall h.id beon
n:is?ir.g sinc^ Tuesday and that she
feared that some accident hr.J ijefJlUen
hifn. Fummerficld is 60 years ot as*-
Outf.ts for oil painting, water color,
drawing and taking; photographs are de
rJrable for Christmas. Sar.born, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
BERLIN, Dec. 12. — Serious charges
against Consul General Oliver J. H.
Hughes at Coburg have been brought
to the attention of the Stat6 Depart
ment in Washington.
WASHINGTON. D<?c. 12.— At the
Slate Department reticence is ob
served regarding the nature of the
charges against ' Consul General
Hughes at Coburgr. Germany, but It is
generally understood both in this coun
try and abroad that they are founded
entirely upon domestic infelicities.
COX5UL HUGHES IX
TBOUBLE AT COBURG
The hearing of argruments In the
Northern Securities Company, set for
next Monday, and the belief for an
early decision in that case are the oc
casion ot some forebodings. It is true
that the Drevalent belief is that the
decision of the lower court against the
capital forces foreshadows the decision
of the Supreme Court, pointing to 'the
probability that an unfavorable decis
ion has been discounted, according to
the rusK-m of speculative markets. But
precedent shows that fiiiprt'me.Court
decisions ori'rnsps of this kind are of
Io!2g continued effect .'on. th* securities
market. Th<? effect of tne decisions in
the trans-M!p.sqlirIr freight 1 c\ise andcttve
Joint truffle .^rsnciatlon <;«ae are exs«i
ples. Tbeso precedents, are rofiT&nced
in their->lifUM»nO'e-l>} f -lht»+»r-«»vaIent <ir<*»d
In financial Hreles that an agitatfon
ap.iinst the great industrial and finan
cial combinations ir.ay play a large
part in the ..approaching national ixilitir
cal campaign. The vulnerability to a3-
The daily . average . of^. dealings in
stocks has risen to near 1,000,000 shares
this week. "The market has been .highly
Irregular, advancing at times and
meeting with backsets and reaction?,
which leave the net results of the
movements of prices small. But a large
distribution of securities has presum
ably been effected at a profit, and the
new holders have shown little disposi
tion to throw over their holdings at re
cessions. The action of the market
warrants bji interpretation of an im
proved selling sentiment regarding
present conditions and prospects. The
reactionary movement ,is regarded as
normal after so considerable an ad
vance.
NEW YORK, Dec.13.— The stock mar
ket was irregular and rather dull to
day., but the reactionary tendency pre
vailed-. There "was no perceptible re
sponse to new causes in the movement
which represented the working out of
speculative contracts. Some support
was accorded to United States Steel
preferred, and this had a sentimental
effect on the general market* The ad
vance In that stock, however, encoun
tered fresh selling, and the ; bears did
not show great uneasiness. Profit tak
ing in Brooklyn .Transit Was conspicu
ous and cost that stock nearly two
points at ope tlmft There was pressure
against Pennsylvania, and . the bears
resorted to the device of offering the"
dividend on a limited number of shares'
of the stcck for the coming year at
5*4 In the curb market. The money ex
change markets were nominal, but the
cabl« reports an expected arrival in
London next week of $2,500,000 In gold,
which Is likely to be taken for New
York. Bank clearings for the week
throughout the country show a slight
Increase over last year for the first time
in many weeks, New York clearings
having risen over last year, with dom
inant effect on the averages. Other
Eastern centers still show a lower level
of clearings, but for the West and the
country at large the average is higher.
The market, closed hrgeular but near
the lowest after A lively .selling move
ment following the publication of the
bank statement, -'._ '¦ . , - .% : . '
verse criticism of eome of the combi
nations developed by current litigation
is an additional factor In making spec
ulative sentiment on the subject sensi
tive. But these Influences have -merely
modified the conviction of an Improve
ment In conditions warranting hope of
better things in the future. Even In
the Iron and steel trade the further
Indications of the enormous contrac
tion that has taken place, are mingled
with some signs that affairs are in
train for an improvement. Trade sta- 1
tlstlcs of December l show the pro
cess of reduction In production still
heavily In progress without yet hav
ing reached the reduction in require
ments, as unsold stocks ha\*e still fur
ther accumulated. But a somewhat bet
ter. Inquiry and a hardening tendency,
of prices is reported both in-, the Iron
and structural steel depar,tmgnts.; Next
week's meeting of the steel billet pool
Is awaited with great Interest to dis
close whether sufficient confidence \In
the demand at current prices is felt
to avoid a further concession./' -~V *;
The November return of domestic ex
port shows the greatest' value for cot
ton exports for any month in the his
tory of the country. The declining
value of the country's Imports Is no
less significant in the explanation 'of
the course of >he foreign exchange mar
ket and the persistent inward move
ment of gold, notwithstanding the" em
ployment of devices by jforelgn, banks
to protect their gold holdings. The de
cline In prices of our commodities war
rants' the . expectation that the decline
In Imports will continue, puts 6ur
manufactured products on a basis to
compete better in foreign markets,
thus promising a growth in manufac
turing exports. Organized .efforts, are
being made to extend the foreign mar
kets for Iron and steel products- espe
cially. 'The extraordinary outward
movement of cotton invites the>-cOm
parison with the great expor 1 , • move
ments of wheat a few years ago. IThe
enormous trade balance in our f avor
thus built up was an important ele
ment In the era in expansion which fol
lowed. It will be remembered that for
eign holdings of our securities " were
swept home in a flood as a result, and
American holdings in Government se
curities were largely extended In the
struggle to adjust the balance. Then
followed the tremendous outpouring of
tiew capitalization which it became the
important Item of the time to absorb.
In the struggle to take care of the com
mitments made at that- period, includ
ing the formation in United States
Steel Corporation and the Northern
Securities Company, the American
holdings of foreign government securi
ties were sent back to the home mar
kets to release the resources. In addi
tion our indebtedness to foreign lcnd
cre was run up to a figure variously
estimated, l»ut which was generally to
represou I ihe . highest figure . ever
¦reached r hy our t foreign^ floating: debt.
The. decline in -bur t-xports.lof ;jner
chficdlt-e and the foj-f
lowing upon the expansion"' perioci here
resulted in a scanty supply of exchange
and added to the burden of the repay
ment of the foreign indebtedness car
ried by Aniefican finance. The long- '
continued liquidation which followed
here- and 'the severe -sacrifice involved
are known to ha\'e been due in no
small part to the necessities of meet
ing these foreign obligations, as shown
by the high level maintained by the ;
loans of our banks in face of the vio- |
lent liquidation of securities. The'ef-:
feet of the new turn in the lnterna- .
tional trade situation must receive im- I
portant consideration. |
The bond market hasM)een active and i
irregular. United, States 3's advanced
Vi per cent, and the new 4's declined U
from the closing call of last week.
COUNTRY'S PROSPECTS CONTINUE
PROMISING AS THE YEAR CLOSES
THE SAN FRANCISCO v. GALL,; SUNDAY/ DECEMBER 13,-1903.
29
• ADVEBTISEME^fTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
a If I fail to cure any
CANXtER
or Turner I treat
before it poisons
deep glands
Ho Knife! Ha Pain!
No Pay Until Cured
S3 vear« I hare cored more
™ * * l ' t '*'i* Than any other doctor
I Jiv'.ng. Whr expprtm*nt with the
fci«_ Me £-T"'V I i.win<iilns X Ray or born« irrat-
"K^'^Spt'^^ ./2V» ni«» t until pass cure.
COT^iTE IT IES3UUE CUI«mL
gVT^nmffi^^SANY LUMP IN A
HOWS BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the elands In th« annplt
•ad shouificr; then care is o»en Impossible. Any
tusor. lump or sort On the LIP. FACE or any.
vhero Kix months is atari? always caacer.
They never pain until almost past cure.
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
«-;th*;ympto:n» aol testinnc'rils cf thousands
c-refl whom you can see and talk with.
Dr. S. R. CHAM LEY & CO.
•• Strictly Reliable. " Two Lady Assistants.
25 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
DOHT rOEGET TEAT
ED, EVATT
ron aa yeass with t.
Is at, 7*5 Geary St.
¦With a Cn©'Btock of Plaanonda, TTatchta.
Jtvelry. Cut Olass and S'Jld RIlverwar».
No mere 50 i>cr <*at profit on eoods.
Cera* and e#e" ftie ar.J wve money.
EVAH a HIIMKLE ;
76 Geary Street.
Warket'St! sV^SS^
AD VERTISEM5NTS.
I Stein way & Son's Pianos
I Ab Di bssBSuj LOlSfj I
II LmcloUH; Oldlij Jewell I
II The above pianos, with* dozens of other IB
|| makes, grace the salesroom of Sherman, II
S| Clay & Co. Prices are consistent with re- II
I sp2ctiv2 qualities and are low in every in- I
I - Terms — $6.00 per month and upwards,
I according to your ability to pay. Come in
8 and inspect our unequaled assortment. It I
If would be unwise to purchase elsewhere II
a ft ¦* ¦• ¦ ¦ 1
|| without doing so. Our new renting con- 1 1
I < tract plan of purchasing pianos presents ad- II
I vantages that must be explained to you by II
I SHEfiMAN, CLAY & CO.
|| Kcarny. and Svttcr Streets San Francisco ||
]¦¦¦'; . ¦•-¦--,- ';¦'.>.¦. :-.. .ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ,_____. . ,
Gentlemen's Santa, Glaus with his Beautiful Cunning and
• Neck Fixings jffeindell Team starting from J^
t/^^^k his Aurora Home will greet his 'IllmP
little friends Monday on our . "^^m^-
The above picture Is one of our . .... ' B ' i : 'u. \ % , '¦ Wma W&
full, eencrous, fluffy, ticd-by-harid < : v.:,;.:.,^Hf. lH.- .
once over tngiisn Squares, much "c^womx^^ |||| §|f
admired and worn by all the SGf ' ' Ev
fashionable men about town this T Y s-^ c ''¦'•' w
winter. In the new Mauve and r-i,rYnri4> T^r\fV% Ti^4*f O - W M ' ;
Tan self effects;also in the beau- 1 lOIXlC V^UEniOrlS . M
tiful Gun Metal shades. In fact '. J | :
be m^rKed •¦- ••; \L<*S^1^^ - J^pthing so sweet on^ihe little chap Is a
'-'¦-" ',':':¦ \j J i^^Wnai.. .__ SAILOR, especially a RAPHAEL'S SAI-
_- -^ . .^jjk fji^^^BMBt^B^^^ft^. LOR SUIT. They have that smart get-
K(| r f c ' U P to '«ni- that's why sailors of others
>J\J L-lO* ¦'¦ M«^fe \T/K^^SS^ I don't compare with 'em. The above pic-
&BMg& ' :^:i$i^'M$W^ : - I ture k ob; of ouf htcst Dcccmb -' r num "
t-n ,< t-% ¦ <• ' • &£&Mi&£3&$ '& ••'" ;^^^^^^FJS^^^fir r?al HBlrt shadc of RED ' many styles of
F r£ttf IV tjOX>d l9^HK@Qi braiding on this one: also in that highly
i^icuuy uuAcu desifa . b coIor ' NAVY ' b ' raidc t d b a -/
Gun Metal Shades in We^re the ones to supply 'em, for
Men's Shirts we know how to build f em- The »M
"-.; . ( .above picture is one of ouf very smart HSJKB
•¦/¦¦;$& numbers in the SMOKING JACKET. Wm
f|j| All our Smoking Jackets are turned out llf Iti
y^j^^W ®y i tile cleverest tailors in America* M
/ (f^/ 1| Nothing kft to chance in the making W .
f\ i \M fi °^ our Smoking Jackets — every stitch M| W^*
S^^^^.i is watched* These are the sort of gar- M " W ;
g^t^^^^^^llLV^ ments gentlemen like.' The above pic-; --.t^ ."^V.
¦^^S^^^^X^^ ture of the SMOKING JACKET^ is a |^ to te & teal
clever affair in a double-faced xloth in J^ t Jj^ S^; i
' ' .very, handsome colorings^ we may say 'the fost to show the new Model
*i? lS^; : striding colorings. A Jacket that shoula t? A £ Oi *J x : * *%££
|^«S .fe ISl Will be, marked SPEGIAL jS^^JS
he two-tone effects in TAN add to these Monday at COAT, and you know-how our
he pretty open effects in neat little, dots. 7 -TOP COATS are-made— right up
rhese are the- ntf SHIRT ideas for . [ • fo thc j^^ nt o{ fas!lioiv
vmter, considered fashionable and largely V «< Ux A j # :
vorn by the real swell dressers. A bi ? col- • q)jt7O . ***« * nd »»PP7««n appearance,
ection of these higfh class new shirt IDEAS ¦ o It's thc COAT for the little gentle- •
vill be on sale Monday in our SHIRT -Ki®^v®o^0&^^ man who wants to be dossed just
ISiiiiSlllii open evenings %mm^ i w!§
I IF YOU DON'T I rA J /I \$ /// / )ir> 1 GIRLS' WINTER 1
I KNOW WHAT TO I ' J4\ ft & £M-/1 Irt /F^ I COATS-r-SOME i|
GIVE HIM BUY A I P/ I REAL SMART MOD- ; |
HOLIDAY ORDER- I ;^ i/>K- ' g 7^ f J ELS FOR ORLS, , |
Vnhn' "AMv Si IV' W; . § AGES 6 TO 16, AR- : §
, , TRAlHJgCr^^ ¦ ; § RIVED SATURDAY j |You cannot make clouds for others and
live in the clear light yourself. \
Mlssionltes Give Inaugural BalL
The Twentieth Century Missionites
gave their inaugural entertainment
and ball last night at Mission Opera
house, Eighteenth and Mission streets.
no one was injured. The woodwork
on the dummies was stove In. The
women in the cars screamed. Traf^o
was arrested at the crossing for a half
hour until the wreckase was cleared
away. :.£i ',.-"
1OND0N, Dec. 12.—A ' dispatch - to ' a news
agency from Brussels Bays that at a. meeting of
the glass manufacturers' there yesterday it was
decided to form a Belgian trust;
A California-street car, eefstbound.
collided .with a northbound Powell
street car yesterday morning about
S: 15 o'clock. The Powell-street car
has the right of way at this danger
ous crossing, owing to the steep~ hill
it comes up- The tracks were slip
pery with the fog and the'grrlpman.on
the California-street car was unable
tobring'it'to a stop in time to avoid
a. collision/ -The two cars "crashed
together with quite a force. Both
were crowded at, the time, but lucidly
Street Cars Collide.
Ends Life Soon After Wedding:.
SEATTLE, ' Dec. 12.— Fred C. Swan,
a naval | apprentice at the Bremerton
Navy Yard, who deserted four months
ago and since that time, has been in
the 'employ of a dredging company, at
Charleston, committed suicide to-day
by taking, carbolic "acid.* He .was mar
ried-at 1 o'clock in the. morning; a; few
weeks, ago to Mrs. Laura Goodman,
who. left. him. and returned .to her
parents last week. C- ' ¦ ' . V- -'
Buckhorn military brush sets, shavlrvgr
mirrors, letter cases, billbooks, traveling
sets, dress suit cases and grips make
good presents for men. All at right
prices. N Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 12.— Elbridge
T. Gerry, the millionaire philanthropist
of New York. Is speeding toward.Port
land on a special train to reach the
bedside of his son, Peter, who lies in
the Good Samaritan Hospital here ill
with typhoid fever.
The young man came West with E.
H. Harriman. the railroad magnate. He
was ill when the Harriman -"special
pulled out of • San Francisco, and at
Dunsmuir a physician was called in,
who diagnosed the case.
On- arrival here young Gerry was
transferred to the hospital, and al
though Harriman was ready some days
ago to leave eastward- he refused to
leave his guest. Elbridge . Gerry was
telegraphed for and left New York im
mediately, taking a special train on
re'aching Omaha. He will arrive to
morrow morning. '¦\-y\
Philanthropist From New York
Makes a Rapid Journey to
a Hospital in Portland
Bad Weather Is Not Sufficient to De
ter Fashionables From Viewing
Exhibition of Art.
Damp weather, lowering skies and
muddy streets did not seem to have an
appreciable deterring effect on the at
tendance at the public exhibition of
paintings and sculpture of the artist
members of the Bohemian Club,
which lasted from 2 until 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. Admittance was
by. card. All afternoon the jinks room,
where the exhibition is being held,
was crowded almost to the ijoint o.f
discomfort, principally by ladies- of
the fashionable world and lovers of
art. . A constant stream of viewers
wound their way around the room,
enjoying the beautiful display of
paintings and sculpture.
All voices were raised, in praise of
the excellent workmanship displayed.
Among the canvases greatly admired
was one of Willis E. Davis, called
"Orange County Hills." whlch-is a de
lightful, mountain effect and one of
the gems of the exhibition. He has
also three other canvases of unusual
merit. . . .
The only sale actually accomplished
so far is that of "Tollers of the Sea."
by John A. Stanton, who gave his
purchaser a bargain for % 150^ There
are said to be numerous deals on the
tapis and the exhibitors expect to sell
largely : before trie exhibition Is over.
The next public exhibition 'will be
Tuesday afternoon.
Local Armories Being Tut in Condi
tion Preparatory to Inspection by
.•'A United States Officer.
The new Krag-Jorgenson rifles In
tended for the National Guard of Cal
ifornia are being distributed from the
Benicia arsenal to the company com
manders, of the several organizations,
as they are the ones who are to.be
held responsible by the United States
authorities for the care of the new
arms. With each consignment there
is furnished a special cartridge for
target practice.
In Troop B it appears that the re
cent overhauling has had the effect
of no longer passing over the derelic
tion of military duty and simply say
ing, "It's, all right, but don't let.it
happen again," for twer of the troop
ers have been cited to appear before a
court-marial for dereliction of duty.
The board selected to try the accused
is composed of Colonel H. I- Seymour,
president; Major Greer and Captains
GERRY SPEEDS
TO SICK SON
Blair, Moore and Zittinger. Major
Crighton will be the Judge advocate.
During the December rest . from
drills the armories In this city are be
ing put in good condition, so that they
may be presentable when United
States Inspector Colonel ' Wilhelm
commences his tour of inspections In
January. • -
The officers of the Naval Militia on
board of the Marion are taking a deep
interest in the course of navigation
they are receiving from Lieutenant
John T. McMillan, U. S. N., connected
with the hydrographic office of this
city. TheV receive two ' lessons a
week and are attentive students.
JiAKGE CROWDS VISIT
\'"; BOHEMIAN* CliUB EXHIBIT
KKAG-JORGENSOX RIFL.ES
FOR THE XATIOXAIi GUARD
"Mother" Jones to Invade Wyoming.
DIAMONDVILLE, Wyo., Dec. 12.—
"Mother" Jones has sent word that
she will be in Wyoming soon to organ
ize the' twenty-one unorganized coal
camps in this State. Superintendent
Sneddon of the Diamondville Coal and
Coke Company says the mine operat
ors are prepared for her arrival and
if she attempts to interfere- In any
way with the miners or influence
them to quit work she will be prompt
ly be jailed. "
Carrie Nation Disciple Sentenced.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Dec. 12. — Blanche
Boise, the disciple of Carrie Nation,
who smashed the plate glass fronts
of seven Topeka joints a year ago, will
have to serve the jail sentence im
posed by the Shawnee County District
Court under a decision rendered to
day by the Supreme Court. Judge
Hazen gave Miss Boise a thirty days'
sentence. • • -
BOOK OF ABBE. LOIGXY
IS TO BE CONDEMNED
Archbishop Sligrot Praises the French
Writer and Says'. He Should Be
' Given a Hearing:.
ROME, Dec. 12. — It has been pro
posed not only to put the last book of
the Abbe Loigny on the Index Expur
gatorius. but to have it condemned by
the Holy Office.
Archbishop Migrot of Albi, France,
who Is now In Rome, Is favorable to
the Abbe Loigrny. He considers him
the greatest Catholic thinker of
France. He believes the Abbe writes
in good faith and says he should" be
heard. before he is condemned.
The Pope to-day, in receiving Mon
signeur Lecamas, Bishop of Larchelle,
said :
"I appreciate very much your book,
'The Life of Christ.' "
The BisKop was surprised at his
work being known to the Pope, and
the latter added:
*'I keep it constantly next to my bed
and I read some of it every night. It
helps me," the Pontiff concluded,
smilingly, "with my French."
i NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— United States
j Senator Clark of Montana, who has
j twice been operated on for a diseased
I condition of (he ear and adjacent bony
i tissues, was to-night, according to his
i physicians, resting easy. By the 6ec-
I end operation, performed Wednesday,
Jail the diseased portion of .the ..mastoid
process was removed and Dr. Holbrook
i Curtis end Dr. Lewis Rutherford Mor
j ris said to-night that the operation was
considered completely successful and
that they did not expect that the sup
puration would again manifest Itself.
i Senator Clark probably will be able
• to leave his bed, said Dr. Curtis to-
I night, in about three weeks unless un
! looked for complications intervene.
Drs. Curtis and Morris to-night de
; scribed Senator Clark's ailment and its
i progress as follows: On Wednesday of
I last week Senator Clark contracted a
I cold with grip symptoms and pharynx-
I gitis. On Friday his left ear became
j very painful and he consulted Dr. Cur
i tis, who performed the operation of
j slitting the ear drum to allow the es
i cape of the liauid exudations In the
I typanitic cavity. This relieved the ex
cessive pain, but microscopic examina
tion °* t * le discharge showed'a virulent
infection and suppuration.; High tem
| perature was present, and on Tuesday
j night Drs. Curtis and Morris called Dr.
j Mackernon into consultation and It was
! determined that the Infection had ex
! tended to the mastoid bone, which lies
i behind the ear. An operation was
j deemed advisable. On the -follpwlng
j day, Wednesday, the naptoid operation
¦ was perfected by Dr. Curtis, assisted
I by Drs. Mackernon, Colem, Morris and
I Denton. Drs. Delafield and Ely* had
! previously examined Senator Clark.
"The operation consisted in removing
the e».d of the mastoid and cellular
bony tissues within the mastoid cavity,
[a larte section of the mastoid being
I chiseled off. Since then the Senator's
j temperature has fallen, the dressings
! have been changed several times and
I there has been no indication of a re
newal of the suppuration."
3JJllionairc Will Be Able to
Leave His Bed in Three
Weeks Barring* Complications
PATIENT, IN XO DANGER
j Surgeons Perform Successful
i Operation for a Serious
; Affection of the Ear Tissues
SENATOR CLARK
RESTING EASY
•¦¦•¦¦ "..'¦< - llil
THE -.SAIN VKAlsCl^V CALL, .SUNDAY, DECliMBHK/ 13, . lyua:
30
JOE. ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. :, | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. ,| JOE ROSENBERG'S. '
for^(^^ Economy, Like Charity, Begins p^y^ s t^
ILs fr- -^ff^^S^m^^Sk' " Jr ' : AT^mpFSSBilS^Kt' N^ 1 " A FEAST FOR YOUR EYES."
Hi^^Sc^VM^i^— -^ flCW Wl£ ¦? W$W$k «^r«a%*fc-^ I VU.B.L lol^t A nd here's some acceptable holiday y^Cv That's what cur
M:m^J'^^^£tfk*! fMr Thesc c , u *h i0 - h t0 A an i . bac ? t are mad - e of soft Jis.Sd tf t,.£s? et imSr tu sim t is" 3c -=^ ai'iz^.
( \V ' ' 'l—c^tf^Wnjill \ ' . M^n tapestry Cloth, in all bright and fancy Striped COl- handmaSo Battenfcerg-. Teneriffe. Irish /\ I 5T- /^""'>\ Teneriffe Scarfs
tWW^T^&mfmVJ ° rS ' min S led t0 S ether - In green, red, yellow, blue, nattier or richer rood, #7 JgGPfi Squares and Center
R -^ V fl brown, tan, etc. Has a large tassel on each of the made than toese. (&t>^L^J^ 'Pieces. We will not
l"# WUW) four corners and is ready for the cush-^gj AM Si JSLSfS^ig wTle^oM^
\ **" w^t*v<<^v<i n! I I rfJ Ll Ti 1 1 ¦ . a i-i ' * R) Ja 4~* «o* irl^.'= -v... -wmn <r»* a •nrhoi« i~t ere /73 two alike. They will ce soij cr
WSNv *P5^mS^Wi 'I \ U\\ ion * An acceptable present and a Z^f-C "r a *«*•'*» ™Z£J£ m ''^one-quarter less than they hare e,er teen
Ytl-WA' KW^s^z^s^ lln M WM M\ great deal for your money. Price. ... Regmlar 10c quality, sample price.. 7o offered in Frisco.
/MA\\illjW^^M£>i£W$> li\f r*kJu+iJ& ,„. • ¦ • ¦, li i_ rr^, Begrnlar 25c quality, «ample price. I.'.c
(i¥ikW>^^^^^/ \^£Pzffir^ . What we say is exactly what we mean. There Regruiar soc quality, sample price. k.-, c u-},-, u Q f n avg y flar u an d s irfmlrad h»
.H^^W^^^P 52^ is neither honor nor profit in fooling the people. SS^KSS',?.'* 1 '': j" W in> I [„ ,.r 0.. 6
~^aS«S^.«^^H^^^P^ For quality we arc never undersold. Money back 81.15 uWf/fg M:aung \K U]M U0U3.8-
/^S*35S<)M£j*sKs2g^ <i *2'5 M 5=^- "=5^ "-.. ~, . -• r J Sesrular S3 Quality, samplo price.. iraVf ft Wnaan Rlr.vaeO
\^tmf*v*m*m*3tr . .« if goods are not satisfactory. ........._..... 81.25 if Ifl 7 WO18II blQKSSr
; . .; . . " * ' 'And mao'y "otii'eri. * I! %$] Tjiey ¦^made of ixnport-
We Always Have What We Advertise Corset Orders Issued Free. Hosiery! Hosiery! it you Are Looking for Ladies' Muslin W is k p »V n^""2:ll &< SS5
Here's some good lace for One cf these wUl male an accept- _^ E^_ I f_ .??^^ c f °^,J° U A *"! llrriprwaar \M b!ack an<1 white; kld-ntting
QACErS underwear or fancy work. able hoUday nreseat for a lady Xrlend. r <>» 2OX.12>A"3r PBSSEWTS IW THE Ul.UeiWSdl . • m & \ so ln looks, but not so ln
full two ?nd a half lnchea wo have expert Corset fitter* ln at- &OOD KIND AT LOW PBIOES. . _ _^ ¦ _ m For presents price ..25c
fflilS^S £SHSHH£ m^ ffiSj^^ M&M A" Stores Sell 6b«.
&£&33p from. Our price.. 5c a yard fcrm. . O W P laln : wholesale ' price ff&sS&Z&SPiffi machines. They VVS SSli 0(13 Kind the BeSt.
feTd Insertions. La en^n Lattice Ribbon Corse!. //-J, u . tADT U*^???^ 1 : A-«-*
/W S&SaHs ss «rsi.w«2 ¦ 8?ss 5^s» rH «£" Ts H .
40c a yard or 4c each M^\ g^e^ w ith black tape. Just . high spliced heel and toe; full length; LADIES* WHITE UNDERSKIRT— sl< " e " Our prlC8 *. 91.OO
u/h.t il. i ii i. n u t -V-.. ** the Corset for medium and you will more than appreciate • the Made of New York mills muslin. GLOVE 0SDEE3 XS3XTED.
Wnal AD0U1 a Han bfUSn lOr TOUr slender forms. Price. .8I.5O quality at .Pair 25c trimmed with a twelve-inch cambric They are acceptable holiday presents.
r r i, n j p0 • '.LADIES* HOSE— The kind that -Jounce, tuckett- and hemmed. As long
rriinaS r T n TU neo UIL n V nnul » nr 1 Thneo • cling. Jersey knit, tight fitting, fast a » T the quantity lasts 30e !..»« flr Ufltflr VfiilinfS
Here are some of the good kind. '0 ¦ liOSB WflOMlOW dliO IllOSB black, double heels and toes; thin LADIES' SKIRT— Made of Lonsdale AUlB Of MOIUI 'BIIIUJJ5
Made of pure white sanitary hog UIU- n..li I/.,,,, women will appreciate these when cambric and finished with a fourteen- Make acceptable
bristles, ln a solid back. You'll appre- WllO UOil I iVllOWi they see them. Price..;. 25c 'Inch flounce, trimmed with a Hne em- f">£a presents. Why not
elate the quality and the low price when w „„„« ilk. »« ,« LADIES' CASHMERE STOCKINGS broidery; also dust ruffle. Our price. . £L>y treat yourself to one?
you see them, for 19c „ 11, t vemo —Made of steam shrunk wool, fast '"'':i:'-' \&i&\^ Made of all silk
S+yiZ 31 ' w,T PFmriNT blacl <. double heels and toes; soft as LADIES' CORSET COVER— Made PSSl®* French Chiffon in em-
DollS 'lO Plea^ the lltllfi OiGS ' ,-n )«irTi! VidV of velvet; the good fitting kind. Trice.. of Lngllsh cloth, round yoke, new -^T^SV^S 1^ broidered and chenille
UUIIS IU riCdiC UIC LI11IB UilCJ), ~ J£+&£y3, t COKSLTS. Made of ** " . French shape and trimmed with four *7?Asrf*H=?\3P dotted fiprures; ln
§And at prices that will more **ii2i5fes? imported aa. teen, heav- • -«»- rows torchon insertion; neck Is fin- 14 blue. brown, black
than please you. It is the sec- '-'F&^I "2a an »Mtat fipnk Whw Nflf Rp Warm and ' l»hed .with torchon lace. Our price... *nd white, also black. Price 25c
ond sample lot that we ob- reducing tape belt at- UBIIli, TTIIJ ItUI DC VYSllil allU #> 5c
B^B^fh^B MMBf¥~£ -,^S'L'^ II A»y Excepiicos 111 : »!!» ¦«*£¦!?*.
feet. . have had their Corsets made to order NELETTE GOWNS at such low prices __ DroMloe* anil Cuiolla-* W«i.t«,.,r collar or toilet set and also used for
dortr • thp t tttt v at five tlmes the prlc(? ' you Y^ 1 fi^ no »' these? Rolling collar, pocket on J&$k^ PrettleSt 3nd SWeileSt NeCKWear making fancy waists Price them else-
QUEENVhaa blonde curly hit? perfect - fittJn^ Corset tha ". t , h^ the side; double yoke back; in^pink and in TflWn where and then come tc .S» and ™.le K
fancy dresl oi ? cardinal bro-' l 82 * 75 bhle strl P es - At the Prlce Cutte j"?V ¦ &^W ™ l °^' ?\* %* r ' ot with a small rro-
caded material. Poke bonnet, also Sale O'Parrell-«treet Entraace. 5OC And you -know how the Price ntm rlce A yard 1:3c
Bhoes and stockings. Price. .... .23c / „ , „ - . .. u«r« In a Cnr.rlM ««r V.n I™ I..II..I JaSt- Cutter sells. Lace collar and . _
18-INCH DOLL— Kid body. Dresden HSFe-IS YOUT ODSOrtUIlllV "^ 'S S SlirpHSJ TOr YOU Ifl LaUleS reveres, made of point de RaiS ! '
Klt^:^^! 5 ™**!^ TO BUY $2 AND 82 . 50 SADIES' Golf VOStS fOF StflB ' BDll - ." fSS, !" . .^ . ??!gSS • ? n ? 'tSa??, h ? n gj
Bow. in Ou^ain Store and .own SgS™™» POCKBT-BOOK AKX, p.^ ; „
I 6U3SS Yoi'll Want Some CusMons, ¦ .$2"^$%* t^ ta %iSLf£#n5S«'SK S^ts^ffr^^
WOn't YOU ZT^ th \Xo^. a^ ?fiSS ' y>* wlTir^bras^^utt^niriS f^wUJ S^ Si^SSd" a% P^wS^lrTSSrSWSi V
To fill your cS covers^ Here are VlX. Tll^rfZ^^A^^ W STwiS; 'ffiSicr^tffl t |r&^.^.'.2^ "«-**»- We. M . 25 C
SSS^ia^gl klndl filled wlth *«*» JworJSSt^fcn&^s'oc «*V At the p cutter' a ..9 S s c Ladles' ' Collar and Cuff Sat Japanes8 Coats " th8 Senuln8 m - •
liinchlsKlsMncllesal::::^ We Have Another Surprise for You in Our Ladles. •-.-»%?; SSS^eSntTS^^ia: 1 S^^iSrv^SsaTS^wiaS
8 inc c nL s Sv 8 Inci^s 8 ll: \ : Mz HiiMmM m^Mn\ This Week. ar s e O m h e e To^ c °w r oS^ pHc s e £? Z^£§)£Z$?Z SSSaa.^-S^.uS SPSS*
24 inches by 24 inches at.... 4Oc • THAT IS FOR MEN. underwear that you will be more than , ... „ .. . , blue, cardinal, green, lavender ani
26 inches by 26 inches at.... 5Oc 'WOMEN AND CHIL- Pleased with for quality and low price. Tfttr^- File TOUT Claim! others. An acceptable present for ths
. .... .-';¦' -:"i . . figJi DREN. LADIES' VESTS— High neck and Iffwf Vnr . Bnma n * +K ... nr , rr most exacting woman. Our price
An Odd Lot of, Cashion Cords, the H> children-s hand- Jg« SSn.S» M kS5 de nS I ii!yi "oS- "m Eren-Those *¦¦¦¦¦¦ «-«•==
25c and 35c KM.. fff ' . JSfHSJt^SsS-fiwS "ESlSHrHHi M S» S^^lSOr^S: Unp Wear Us Best-It Costs No ¦
sela..in many different combinations of. JW •«> .fancy box of 'three. tf) P s - At tne rlce Cutt l r a !.":;; A'~- 'i^ 1 *' one price 25c A. CHILDREVS cOifflm
colors. As long as the quantity lasts. fl^SKSSs* Price Box 1 Be Garment & U C fi% CH, IX.DKEN S C OMBINA-
pHce 'IOC !^y^« .GENTS' HANDKER- u, n n « n a ijffp.j.., l' ' Children's KOSe. »^ make. high neck and lor?!
«... ¦ ¦»—^- CHIEFS — Made of ex- i«C flai* nSIC OJIIIC OUUU UllCllilg) I I ,,.,_., .. , , . JpiSUA • ! io ( av<«^ ank-li* lA^^tv, -Ut-aav
SSilil i^pS^g^^ • Ladles' Silk Vests. o a 9 £°f
day ¦prrarata dresa^ weir a^o hemstitched. Six in a box for. . You know the Price ". A pair lOc W white: you will ¦ not be able to
y&r^i^^Z^lZ?*' or cushion' trimmin«r<! ...... -v, •••••*£' •?' • oOc 4ff&i Cutter's way of selling'- r.._« n«««!w-j p..'. ii.w.iiu. t. > vf ¦ duplicate these at this price.
here's some ° fO r lS? thirl LADIES' VESTS-Low JUSt Received, SOfllS N0T6ltfeS (iT Ii. Our price .... P 50 C
W 6^ 6 - you usually have paid. of fil l e ,^ m l°£j c nea M, na r -S Vv neck and no sleeves; deep I aHia-» DoHe LADIES' COMBINATION
" Width No. 60. ZVt inches row , h l ei W tl , t ch &- th a ., s . mal 1 hand- JliJL/ lace yoke, trimmed back LaOIBa bSITS. .' . SUITS— The Oneita make; glove flt-
wHp. made of all-silk taffeta, in satin m^e initial A\ e are positive you will /r^MT and front, also armhol« Made of P oft Levant ting and seamless; high neck, long
dotted effect (in white), at the Price more than appreciate thpjn at this low (^Rijr i ace trimmed: made of full three inched --A*-^ sleeves and ankle length: the kind that
Cutters A yard 8c price Six for Sl.OO \\p§\ pure Vega silk; in pink. wide moire l'ned ad- buttons across the shoulders; made of
¦,Vi CHILDREN'S -HANDKERCHIEFS— blue, cretm; all sizes and r uS tebl™steri buckle In €-_Z*ZT3 "team shrunk yarn: winter weight; the
H hnnn. Made of lawn in different combina- Wri-fi wo know you will appre- red creen blue and quantity will not last long at this low
TVMth v« oa *wl<;V»W i *a tions. such as clowns, gold diggers and elate the quality and the black Price fUtt* ' price KAc
\Vidth No. R0. the fancy Imported flowers. .Three for 5c or. .Dozen lOc low price. Price . .\ ......... 50c DUCK - rlce oUc ' uvu
kind, made of washable silk, taffeta. "^- *"*- """ »"'"• t-° ouc ... ........ Un<u WfnM Viiiir Crin^ 1 !!,» . it:., i .
with satin dotted centers and striped , 0 T/ . r no i fl ,j -i «n« linr. I.4I.<.< C»^ V«,», AnOthST Ladles Belt. HOW WCIllO YOlir nieilll LlW 8 H CB ADFOD
ed^es in pink, blue and cream. I2/ 2 C »(! Of 20C. M0r6 UiilBS 600ll VeStS. Mad , o/Sa heavy black Peau de f Or 3 Holidaj Gift?
•¦• -1-»C a jard LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made Low neck and no sleeves; made of 8oIe# straight front, fancy gilt buckle. -„ „' ' ,";'„, l,Z o " '
D ,,j . ¦,:¦,.„„ of fine white lawn, in 100 different pat- all silk. Swiss ribbed, hand crocheted a i so s i lde ln back in the new ring ef- #^ «fh»r« in £»££ i G
rl3lfl KlDuOnS- terns; scalloped and embroidered edge. yoke and armholes; in pink, blue. fect . if you pay $1.50 i n a Jewelry f rom » K others ln width and W
LlRht in weight Bilk taffeta in the If > ou anticipate giving any for the " eam and black. Never mind what s tor« you would get nothing better Jengm. »3i«
new plaid efflcfs the soft kind wea? holidays here is your opportunity at they are worth, but come and be the than this. Our price T...55C BIB OR NURSES' APRON 77^
or dress^ purpose i in pfnk. blue and a Piece 13%c M**- At the. Price Cutter's. .. . S 5c K *. -Made of heavy white lawn; /
•8!5?^?iSf.^---SS£ EachDajMorePeopleDiscomBatThls M "%*?*&£?'*"' W l J'Ss °Dr De lt ?Fa S SI«CH"^ <J
B!a:h Velvet Ribbon. Is the Money-Saving Store. All Cars Pass Oir Doors, but Ladlis ¦ .i.i "«,S , £?? %S"%£? SSi^ V« rt
The good kind, fast black, full nap. iffy, CUSHIONS— Made of I nn V\ n(r f nr Ranratne Finn'* OieBping oailUBniS f . aprons before but there are none to
satin back: Xo. 9 widths. 1% Inches */V fancy colored nearsllk: /d& LUURIIIft IUI Dfll pallid UUII I. £gz .They are made of a knitted equal these for 25c
wide. Price loe (U J&>^ 1S inches square, with a 't£*F& TOADIES' PKTTICO^T V*C^# fabric, partially wool; fleece- LADIES' APF.ON — Made of English
Ovwfj snliil colored ruffle all K«Al Made of guaranteed all-silk &tn(\ lin pd >i nd velvet finish: They lawn, white embroidered medallions set
Concern ng Auto.-nobile and Wrist .Bags ¦ 0S£L SSSSSit SSbuJSS;. S- f*t iS eu 'nS l re ac< So r SSS. pl S t tS SI S5%nS^ n bl e tf,S D oVS t t e £. t i^Z^V T&vftSi lenX 5
for Holiday Offerings or for VE? fflffi^" 5KT r «StiS. f fl fwff id 'ffl^llr price....*.. 25c
Your Own Use. * —^ present for little money MJ^ and black You cannot dui- Wf L • e P eak tneIr hIghest pralse - What About a Nice Umbrella for Yoor
•» .i-Tn tup ht«^- *" — uc licate this skirt in Frisco at «U«iV Small sizes oOc . , , « .. — . . n
«exfra T s?ron? A p1eIs A ea d i e eath- niri Ym. Fwor Pnnclrfor , Cnlf « 9 n this low price «4.05 0^ Large sizes .....75c - Ullf 0/ GeOtleBUD FflSDll ?
cr; extra strong leather Dill YOU tVeT GOnSICISr 3 BOll SKlFl 8S ail # • --•-*. »». -wi.r-* 1 GENTS* /UMBRELLA
handle and patent Hasp; irroitahlo Unlirfju Procont 9 ' SsbF i^ <^> tf% F IB tn?i f ff^ /^ THF — Made of waterproof
purse and mirror inside.. ACCBpiaDle HQIIQly rieSBIlI ( ililL OI1VL IS i-l L. O B B IIIL Italian twilled cloth. %^>^^k
Price oOe Here am some that would please the I I Q S" BfSi. M B W* 1*3 U« W* B 3 * B'S nOH/tir r*IITTTC:r* steel f rf irne and rod.
LADIES 1 MOTOR BAGS most fastidious. Made of EnRllsh 9 3 1 I R BflBBBH ItiiHlfH B \* IX 1 1 »Y ~\ * U I I I IV cover and tassel; extra ...nrrf*! i5
Wade of Levant skin, extra wool cheviot, homespun and serge, w V mm BH^WtbtlvvBailvl ¦ ¦•¦vrs— vr^'i ¦¦_•% strong buckhorn handle. UnugyJ-i-*^
strong metal frame with stitched flounce and tailored straps. In - , . The genuine kind. A ~y^;v<i*
strong handle; hand mirror navy, brown, green, black and gray. ' O|£ M^rl/nf Cfcnnf II A*Fat»i*x>ll Qfr£»of lucky purchase of ours 9*>>*r\
inside; in red, blue, green' They fit and hang as they should. More Ol ° WalKCC Olreei. II U railCII OUCCU enables us to sell these sffiJtir'
and black. Our price 50c than an even exchange for. ... .S2.08 MAILORDERS SOLICITED. ' at Each SI. 50
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free! Free!
Candies Bonbons
SiJ: Chocolates
Given Away Free
WITH 0U3
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
ALSO
Everything that's
Beantiful in Fancy-
China, Crockery, Glass-
ware, Ornaments,
Dolls & Novelties
Come See Them
You Will Be Charmed
WITH OUR EXTRA
Liberal Premiums
Great American Importing Tea Co. * V
861 Market. . 1419 Folk. 1510 < Devlsadero-
2tO Grant ar. 7C3 I-«rkJn. • SCOG ' Sixteenth
1«O Sixth. 475 Maisht. SZl Montg'y av»
355 Hayes. 23l*5 MIssKn. .T^S5 MIs.Alcn. -
HO Ninth. .12 Mark-t. -386-Thlrd.
2CCS Fltlmore. ZIZZ 21th. 469 Fourth.
q >K^'i"i":"H"i"i"i"i"i':M"i":"i"i-H"i^ ©
¥ TIIE CHRIST3IAS CALL, t
¥. A NUMBER OF SURPASS- ?
¥ INQ ATTRACTIVENESS, ?
•I; WILL BE ISSUED NEXT ±
i; SUNDAY, DECEM- I
Ij: . rBER 20^ ?
v Place Your Orders Now ?
|. . ..... .^—..:- . ¦ J
T The mo«t di«tlnjrul»hed and T
T sumptuous paper of tie "Sruletide. T«
J. Its brilliant pares contain contri- T
J. buttons from many leadlntr writers T
J. of the * dey, and the • strlklnarly X
• characteristic work of its staff X
.^'. contributors will make it a truly «.
j. delightful and-lnterestinsr paper. J.
J. v t "With this Issue will be present- .*.
JL . ed, absolutely free of charge, %
4. "Decorattnir for the Party," that .*•
J. charminsr picture by Bryson. "Dec- »•
4. : oratinar for the Party'Ms another.'.
?!• of the popular Gold Series, and,' v
4* like . its ' companion pieces, • "Se- • •
4* dorah," "Admiration" and "At the •!•
* Opera." will adorn the walls ¦ of -I-
•j. many of the • homes of- the Great v
4; West.* .j '¦->-, 1..' ;;¦• •••.. ...•!-
•f; • Newsdealers and asrents will do' S'
Y well to order early, as the supply ; V
T is limited. • - . 'v
t .. ¦ . . :•-¦-.. ¦ • ¦..;,.. ¦ ->
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
CURES WEAK-MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for All.'
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering Irom sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele, 'etc.,. and en-
large -email weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name . and address, to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 151*3 Hull Building. De-
troit, Mich., and they will gladly -send free
receipt with -full, directions so that any man
may. easily cure hlmeelf-at home. * This is
certainly ' a most ' generous offer,' and the fol-
lowing; extracts taken from their dally mall
show what men think "of their generosity i •
"Dear Sirs — Please accept my sincere thanks
for .yours ¦ of. recent date. I have •, given youif
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
beet' extraordinary. -.It has completely braced
•no tip I am just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am.". .
"Dear Blrs— .Your. method. worked. beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and', vigor have completely. 1 returned ' and -en-
largement U entirely satisfactory. "$*gt&mBff
•"Dear -Sirs — Yours received and I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as'dlrected.
and :an ttuthfuily Ray. It 1st a boon to weak
men." I am greatly Improved ln size/ strength
and vt~nr **''— irvriflfffljil [ llT|rri|iii|i||ts|H" M gtfTTff
All < correspondence. 'Is strictly confidential,
mailed ln > plain, - scaled .envelope. : The receipt
Is free for the ; asking, and • they want every
man to have it. . - - , •'
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF. CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is th«
rafCKt «nd' roo»t efficient disinfectant and puri-
fier ln nature, but few realize Its value when
taken Into the human »y«tem for the same
cloiiising purpose.
. Chaicoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of it the better; It Is not a drug at all, but
Kitr.ply aVscrbs the cases and ltnr>rrlttes al-
ways :t«fnt in the stomach and Intestines
end ccrriea them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking,
drii.klnic or after eating onions and other odor-
ouc \>:KPtfctIes.
Charcoal effectually clears'and Improves, the
coir.piexit.fc/. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently saft cathartic.
It t.bsor)>« the Injurious Rases which collect
lr. the stomach and bowels; It disinfects the
mouth and threat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal ln one form or an-
oihtr. but orobablv the best charcoal and the
most fcr, the money Is In Stuart's Absorbent
LoseaSW -they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
Useptkv In tablet form or rather ln the form
cf large, .pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
belnj mixed with honey.'- . , ¦
The riailv use of these lozenges trill soon
tell ln a 'much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, belter complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and . the beauty of It is that
no possible narm can result from their con-
tinued use. luu on the contrary, sreat benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of the bene-
fits' cf charccal Vays: ' "I advise Stuart's A b-
sob^nt Lozerjjt s . to all; patients suffering from j
gas, In stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and "ourlfy"th« breath, mouth ana
throat; I also believe the llver.ls greatly bene- '
fitted by the dally use of them; they < cost ' but '
twenty-five cent* a box at drug stores, and al-
though In some sens* a patent preparation, yet
I believe I ret more and : better 1 charcoal ln
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges than ln any of
the ordinary charcoar tablets.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSGHINSK!
5 IWadelpIiia Shoe Co. i
iC 1K1F.D STREET, SAK FRANCISCO. |
IF PRICES TALK, WILL
YOU LISTEN? YOU WILL
SAVE MONEY. \
Remember two things: that the I
Holidays and the rainy season are I
both rapidly approaching and that P
the r.:ost sensible present that can R
be ofTered is footwear. Our stock C
is complete for old or young and g
v.-p enn fit you out with the dainti- E
est of novelties or with solid-wcar-
:np Shoes. If you don't care to
buy Just now come in anyway and
Inspect our stock. Then you will
kftotr just nrhftt you want and
¦rbcre to get it. Holiday Specials:
Ladies' Reu or L'Inck Felt Fur-
Trimmed Juliets, wilh warm lian-
v.f\ lining and low heels. SOLD
AT Toe A PAIB. Sizes 3 to 8.
JUST A I.XTTI.E BETTEB-La- |
Oios" Hed. Black or Brown German n
\ Tc\t Fur-Trirr.:ned Juliets, orna- t
minted v. - ith z. i:eat taw. low heels ft
find turned soles. TEE PBZCZ! H
Sl.OO- Sizes 3io8. h
CROCHETED \ SLIPPERS, j
Can fit' every one from tlie tiny B
little tot to grandma. Different B
colored Crocheted Slippers, with Ej
fleece-lined soles. Baby sizes, (3
2 to 5, only 50& Child's sizes. H
6 to 10. at (\7iv. Misses' sizes. E
11 to 2. for 7i»c- Latiies' sizes. H
3 to 8, reduced to J)0c U
FANCY BEADED SANDALS 3
An elegant present: Ladies' 9
Extra Fine Six-Strap Beaded Vici |
Kid Sandals, hand-turned soles. Ij
plain coin toes and high French a
heels. TSS PSICE S'J.OO. Sizes M
2 4 to S; widths A to E. V]
IF YOU DESTItr. TO SIAKE A j|
PBESEZTT A5B DO KOT K3TOW jj
TKE SIZE OB STYLE, BUY OHE 3
OF OUS SHOE OSSEBS. THEY 1
ABX AS GOOD AS CASH AND J
HADE OUT 70S AZTT ASIOUZTT. j
LATEST IN MISSES' 1
PATENT LEATHER SHOES 1
Make the hearts of the little 9
ones glad. Child's. Misses* and M
Young Ladies' Patent Leather S
Lace Shoes, with mat kid tops. 3
coin toes and tips and stitched |
¦oles. The child's shoes have a
spring heels, and the misses' and |
young ladies' have the fashionable «
very low fiat heels. Widths B 1
to D. N
C Child's sizes. 7 to 11 Sl.2.% fl
M ivlisses' sizes, ll^j to 2 .<1..*i«> ¦
I Ladies sizes, 2Vi to 5 JSli.OO E
EMBROIDERED SLIPPERS I
• What's home to a man without H
J a pajr of Slippers. We have Just M
1 the thing. Mea'fl Velvet Embrold- H
1 «»red Opera or Everett Slippers. M
1 with either kid or patent leather L
1 trimming FSOM 75c fP. Sizes c
"J hT i<il 'ii^H^jL-i^^** #H i s» j*4 O
§ DRESS SHOES FOR BOYS
|| Light and neat, but will wear H
I like iron. Youths' and Boys' Vici f
j Kid Lace Shoes, with dull mat kid (j
H tops,- swell up-to-date toes ' and H
W tips. "Just like Papa's.", Light H
t\ Fingle snlfifi and exteaslon edges, t
|1 Widths B to E. M
\ Youths' sizes. 11 to. 2 E
|J Boys' sizes, 2'-* to 6>4 »1.75 fi
W OK AND AFTEB UOZTDAT, I
I SSCEMBEB. 14j WE WILL BE E|
i OPEH EVERY XTZOHT. U
R SAXTTA CX.AUS IS KOW WITH |
1 1 US AKTD WILL PBESEXTT A BOX P
] OP CANDY TO EVERY PUB- 1
5 CEASES -VHXO CALLS OI7 HIM. 1
1 B. KATSOHINSKI I
j • Philadelphia Shoe' Co. I
: 10 THIRD ST.. Sas Prandsco. I
I , ¦• ¦ q
WKlyGi $1.00 DerYearBoy Stabbed at a Schoolhouse.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Dec. 12. —A stab
bing affray occurred at t the Aspendale
schoolhouse, about eight miles south-
cast of Moscow, last evening about 8
o'clock. Wade Headrlck, an 18-year
old lad, probably fatally cut Claude
Reeder. another lad about the same
age, -while they were attending the
literary society at the schoolhouse.
The stabbing was the result of a quar
rel.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12. — The Oakland
bankers and the Elks did not 'meet" on
the diamond to-day. On account of
the condition of the grounds the game
of baseball has been postponed until
next' Saturday. . . . • ',; ,
Baseball Game Postponed.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12. — Judge* Ogden
decided the suit brought by Mrs. Ju
lia Hayes, to compelher mother, Mrs.
Anna Hughes-Barnes,' to deed to her
property to the value" of $25,000 at
Twelfth and Jefferson streets, in favor
of the mother to-day. The daughter
claimed that her mother had deeded
her the property and put the deed in
the hands of a third party to be flled
in case of her death. The mother
afterward changed her mind and de
stroyed the deed. .
Mrs. Barnes gained considerable
notoriety some time ago by marrying
William B. Barnes, a prisoner' in the
countyi jail, in order to' reform -him.
A few weeks later she brought suit
for divorce upon; the ground of cru
eltyi alleging that Barnes had beaten
her. Her action caused her daugh
ter to : lose confidence in* her mother's
sagacity and she brought the suit in
order to secure the property from be
ing dissipated. Judge Ogden held
that: there had been no proper de
livery, of the deed and hence the gift
had not been consummated.
Mrs. Julia Hayes Denied Judgment to
Compel Sirs. Anna Barnes to
Deed Her Property. .
DAUGHTER LOSES A SUIT
BROUGHT AGAIXST MOTHER
Victory Conies to Boys From Island
City' on Points of Team Work
and Delivery.
OAKLAND* Dec. 12.— On the two
points of. team work and delivery the
Alameda High School debating team
defeated a team from the Berkeley
High School in a challenge debate,
held last night in the Common School
Assembly Hall at the Chabot Obser
vatory.
While the team from Alameda won
the debate, Francis White of the
Berkeley team was accredited with
having made the best speech and- the
Berkeley boys also won on argument.
The question was, "Resolved, That
a democratic form of government is
adapted to the people of France." and
the winning team upheld the affirma
tive. The contest was decided by
Judge S. P. Hall of Oakland, Attorney
Kolmeyer of Alameda and Judge W.
A. Gray of Berkeley.
Following are the members of the
teams: Berkeley High School — Samuel
F. Batdorf, James Scott and Francis
White; alternate, Arthur Bolton. Ala
meda . High School — Ralph Marx,
Frank O'Brien and Stephen Otis; al
ternate, Jerome Politzer.
BAKER CITY. Or., Dee. 11— Circuit
Judge Easkin to-day fixed the- date of
the execution of Pleasant Armstrong,
who murdered Minnie Ensmlnger last
Christmas eve, for January 22, 1904, in
the Jailyard of this county. 'The Su
preme Court will be asked for a stay
of proceedings until it can be deter
mined whether there is any law under
which he can be executed.
The authorities of this county are
placed in a peculiar situation regarding
Armstrong's execution and' he may yet
escape punishment entirely. Armstrong
was convicted under a law which re
quired all sentences for murder O. be
executed at the county seat, and was
auly sentenced to be hanged May S,
1903. His case was taken to the Su
preme Court on errors, and pending
its hearing a stay of execution was
granted.
In the meantime a new law went into
effect requiring all executions for mur
der to take place at the State peniten
tiary. Armstrong's attorneys contend
that he cannot be executed under the
old law because it had been repealed.
Selke was found lying in a pool of
blood by the officers on lower Third
street, bleeding, about 1 o'clock this
morning. How long he had been
there no one knows. By the side of
the prostraf and unconscious man
was a club that would have felled an
ox. The man who used it must have
been of prodigious strength. The
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 12. — C.
J. Selke, a lineman in the employ of
the Pacific Electric Company, was the
victim last night of one of the many
thugs who of late have infested the
city. The man who assaulted and
robbed Seiko was a murderer at heart
and inclination, for he evidently in
tended to kill his man.
Special Dispatch to The C«'.!
San Bernardino Citizen, Who
Unwisely Displayed Money,
Is Found on a Street
Oregon Officials Arc in a
Quandary Over the Case of
3furderer Pleasant Armstrong
RUFFIAN ROBS;
ALMOST KILLS
GIRL'S SLAYER
MAY NOT HANG
club measures three feet in length and
is two inches in diameter.
Selke had a cut in the side of his
head and his left eye was almost cut
out of its socket. Selke was robbed of
J400, which he had exhibited up town,
and also two watches.
Nearly all the members df the com
pany are well Known in this city, as
they were formerly engaged at the
theater where they are now to ap
pear. At that time Blunkall wan a
favorite with the theater-coers of Oak
land and there is no doubt that his old
friends will give him a royal welcome
when he appears in "Held by the
Enemy."
Blunkall is supported by a first-class
company, among: whom are Lillian At
wood, Edna Ellsmere and Russell
Reed, all of whom are old favorites in
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12. — Commencing
with a .Sunday matinee, the Ervin
Blunkall company will give a week's
production of William Gillette's fam
ous drama, "Held by the Enemy."
Great War Drama Will Be Presented
by Company Well Known in
Oakland.
"HELD BY THE ENEMY"
AT THE DEWEY THEATER
ALAMEDA HIGH SCHOOL :
WINS CHALLENGE DEBATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1903.
31
ADVEiETISEliENTS.
ANNOUNGEMENT
/
/ Sherman, Clay & Co. beg to announce the completion of
their renovations and improvements and venture the statement
that they now present to the public of San Francisco the most
completely and: elegantly appointed Piano and Music store in America.
They gratefully acknowledge to their thousands of patrons
in the City and throughout the Pacific Coast their gratitude for
the patronage that has made it possible to found here in San
Francisco an establishment that has no superior in America in
its ability to serve its customers in all their musical requirements.
The most desirable agencies — the greatest names that the
world knows in Pianos, Organs, Musical Instruments, Talking
Machines, and Editions of Music and Music collections arc
found here in stock. All thd advantages that accrue to ample
capital — an enormous annual volume of business — sales that arc
(it is said) exceeded in all America by but one Eastern music
house, are assured to their patrons. An intelligent service in all
departments, capable salesmen, schooled in and imbued with the
traditions of the house regarding honest representation of all
things connected with the business. *
Almost IOO salesmen and employees under one. roof— exclusive
of branch stores, travelers and sub-agents.
Such is the establishment waiting to serve you during the
Sherman, (jlay & Co.
Angelus Piano Players,; Regina .Music Boxes, Victor Talking Machines
Kearny and S utter Streets
I ADVERTISEMENTS. - :
For a 50c Bottle of Liquozone, to Show You What It Is.
If you suffer from a germ trouble. let and it cannot be taken internally. Medi- ah diseases that bejrin with fevc-—
us buy a bottle of Liquozone and eive cine never destroys inside eerms.- all inflammation — all catarrh — all conta.-
it to you to try. It is a liquid oxveen We spend 14 days in makinz each * Sous diss , afies T?:i 1 \ h * result " ot ln »*
—the best thine in the world? for vou. bottle of Liquozone. yet we offer you pu T r * "^."hJwXE . t ««,,««^. .«?
And in germ diseases it'does^at all the first bottle free. And we suooly to a v?ta"fzer?accompiiJhln^
medical skiil cannot do without it. physicians and hospitals everywhere at can do.
We had faith enough in it to oav almost cost. In this fair wav we are e _ n - •*
$100,000 for the simple rieht to make trying to introduce this product to 50C OOttlG F V60,
it. We know its results so well that we every one who needs it If vou will be
will gladly pay for your test. Won't as fair with yourself, we will gladly If you need Liquozone. and hava
you. if you need it — in simple fairness show you how any germ disease can be never tried it. please send us this cou-
to yourself — have faith enough to send cured. pop. We will then mail you an order
Uf this coupon? \ on'your local druggist for a full-size
V'" *¦% •*• bottle, and we will pay your druggist
JUSt Oxygen. Germ Diseases. ourselves for it. This is our free gift.
made to convince you. to show you
Liquozone is simnly liquid oxygen — These are the known germ diseases, what Liquozone is, and what it can do.
no drugs, no alcohol in it. It is the All that medicine can do for these In justice to yourself, please accept jt
discovery of Pauli. the great German troubles is to help Nature overcome to-day, for it places you under no obli-
chemist.'who spent 20 years on it. His the germs, and such results are indirect gation whateevr.
object was to get such an excess of and uncertain. Liquozone kills the Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
oxygen in staple form into the blood germs, wherever they are. and the re- , , ¦ .,.
that no germ could live in anv mem- suits are inevitable. By destroying the CTJT OUT THIS COUPOW
brar.c or tissue. cause of the trouble, it invariably ends, for thJg offer may not aDDMr .
Oxygen is life to an animal— the very the disease, and forever. Fill. out the blanks and mi.ll It t<f the
source of vitality. We would die in j Liquid Ozone Co.. 221-229 E. Kinzie
three minutes without it. In this liquid Asthma. Hay Fever-Inaueaza St.. Chicago,
form its effects are exhilarating, puri- Ab«c*«i— A=tmia Ktdn«y Di»«as<» My disease is '
fyjng, vitalizing. But germs are vece- Bi^'pcf.cn &S£rheV * I h*ve riever'tried' LJquozonV. but ir
tables, and this excess Of OXVgen IS Brighfs Disease Liver Troutole* you Will supply me a 60c bottle frM
deadly to vegetable matter ' ?° we ' Treubiea Mai.ria— xearaJria 1 will take it ; v " c ireo
dead.y to egeUb. matter. ggSgK J&SsS^ " .................... *'
y We Offer $1,000 %£££> SBSSSSff? 1 514 ¦ •"'
, ,. , Catarrh— Cancer Skin Disease * ••
on every bottle 01 Liquozone for a Byeentery— Diarrhea scrofuu-Byphnts niv« fuii ; »iiiirM« ' Vw't.' «i t i"
germ that it cannot kill. And there is g^r^™ S^^ M address-write plainly. -
no other way to kill germs in the body 'JcMmi- Ery*!p*!a« Tub«rcu!oei» ¦ \tnv Dh\'*ieian or hointtni nn t f «l«-.'V.-
withop-riilinj the. tissues, too. Anv gKE&j} «"" in^S«,SSS? Sm bJSJg! Juppfifd Jor
gcrm-kdlmg drug is a poison to you, J Genorrhea-Glm -Womeni i Disease* a test. . •
[* if * me a P rett y. attractive home and I'll show you a happy one. A Christmas of nothing but toys and candy leaves // I'// 1 /// / $/jy///W/S& I ' 1 1||{
rf(«t 1 I p^^^^y^v, >^^N^\^\\ V A \\\ V ' Vj\l only a littered floor on the following day. Happiness is founded upon comfort, not upon stomachache. Here ' ' r j''//v/^/M^W^^^^>^^^^^ ' 111 If I
ft c J o P v h ere S d t "it d h rich H^^^^^^P J°J . A , ' ar « e Special $5.65 hand-carved table with \ \^ f/J useful p ret ent^ for WMZ0p>M.
silks with as- dSSi ,hrft P i" a ur ff ..,.ortmentcf Kom«xchair. curved top. Special this J e J 6 clothes, linen, shav- g&^<->>^
sorted colors, ;?°rf. sneives an wooda ana flnisaea. .Golden, Piem- week, in oak, $40.00; in f_^ [\ t *^ ing kits, etc— or RiS ' S^^srS^Sg
rr^fpeciaT^ I txF mah ° gany °^ maPlC ' L :^d aS A a i a t C Vi va g W^^X
the 5 week,$^5. U*^^-^-*S2=^^ lar price $10.00. .-^ftx&r 9 *" ""* **" \ . rieS I rom %)% up. g^ «-
jMsg^aeeaiBgggf Special $72 (u^^^^^Si RUGS c • \ — '-—mm" £W^%
EJSmI^I : . : <.y^ 'Sr^jAM S«k °of a the X.'MS^^S^SJ Cn SiiSS > l5"unSe P R"vSS"ibte^St»--a7 by 52 inches. (I*C'1C B™Ei^^H^^ l&L^&rJL W^itW'^^^^m
\*® Old Empire de- In reds, mottled greens and tans. This week. 65c. jH^ /^ J^^^^^C^ M / ' MM
FlFsS. SnPPial $2fi Pr< £2nSSpS be.t California wool. 64 by 7 8 drL^dVass i^^^^^ L . J ¦^ifc^flB
This one regj- .«r T •,, inches. Reg. price $6.50. Special this week, $3.95. rod for curtain, fi |r |_^ I QnPrini ££7=? b&S^J$£^^S§*ffl >
M lar price, $85.00 ?™nl . Lace Curtains-Six styles 100 pairs, white and Regular price , If A— I £J PfC'a 150./; 3 II^W^^^M
, r<^: locked drawers; eciuipped with ivory lace. Reg. price $3.25. Special this week $1.75. I li— iT iJ^ ot^ h K0^^ French P ut« Si^r\^Z&iJm\
. all compartments deiired. A xr lookmp- for ffifts here the v arc* and in "> ia00 * A strong IV _ mirror, a present that win be very ac- E"§J^-,t«^ \ :
roSL^^e^far^pri^s^To^ this aTwS ? i?e°preV nfarS^hVyiS ." ' m value. :^^1
y^m^^^^^^^M, ¦ S^ d^orS "THE CREDIT HOUSE" ' 233 : 235-237 POST STREET S^rS^^S^^^e^aJM^
fZ-Sjr ftygs-^ts— - "'"'••^^S^'^kV y° u t0 WC7k - *» . naissancc designs. The sides are of curved and beaten elass. the
' SfSm fMoto Have Your Goods Delivered at Your Order mirr ° r ink plus S .H ned * m ? S e c f ameo esiK i ns ab ° ut *« e base are o£
mMJ^gg^. Sir^ siso.oo. *i***w a .".T* ; *: VJvrv **» J ..*-'**.* v/m* v^»v*w» , an art befitting: gilt frames m Mayfair. Regular price. $200.00.Six Grand Rapids boodlers, facing inevitable convic
tion, have pleaded guilty to the charges. preferred against
them. Their, own conception of the fitness of things,
thus indicated in their self-accusing plea, should not be
disturbed by the infliction of a light sentence. They may
reilect credit on the town by a long life of usefulness in
a penitentiary. • _
Some surprise and comment has been expressed that
recently at Gatwick a horse, sound asleep, was a con
testant in a race and could not be awakened even when
led back to the stables after the race. That's nothing.
We have at least a dozen dead ones racing every day in
this neck oft the woods and not even the wise ones, much
less the public, show any surprise. .
In appearance the Ainu, or aboriginal
race of Japan, bear no resemblance to
any Oriental race, having neither the
scanty hair and almond eyes of the
Japanese nor the -fine;- features of the
Chinese. They are above the stature
of these races and there is no indica
tion in their customs and habits that
they have ever had ideas in common.
The remarkable feature of the men. is a
heavy growth of hair upon the body.
This dees not appear In early youth,
but in later years. It is frequently a
thick coat, black and curly, extending
to the extremity of the upper and lower
limbs. | Tho hair and beard are much
thicker than those of any other known
race, and In old age the Ions," white,
flowing beard -gives them a mo3t: ven
erable appearance. The hair ig cut
straight across at the back abaut on u
line with the lower edge of the eir and*
is free from the matted^condition of
the hair of most aboriginal races. The
women have the same large, heavy fea
tures as the men. These are generally
disfigured or. account cf an ancient
custom o? tattooing a large portion of
the face around the mouth, the 'upper
part of the decoration taking the form
May Be Missing Links.
By official decree, there will be no more ice in the
staid, stately and sacred precincts of the State Supreme
Court. One shudders at the spectacle of carrying ice to
those apartments, where a chill and calm riot in oppress
ing dignity. Carrying coals to Newcastle becomes a
sane proceeding in comparison. What unknown genius
ever conceived the plot to be iceman to the Supreme
A CORRESPONDENT who describes himself as
one who has been "a trade unionist for near upon a
half a century" writes to say that a great deal of
the strife between labor. and capital of late j'cars is due to
what he calls a "'contemptuous treatment" of the appeals
of workingmen when made to the heads of great corpora
tions.
His statement; which is well worth noting, begins with
a cordial approval of a recent editorial in The Call on
"Unfortunate Cripple Creek," but' takes exception to the
assertion made therein that "there are plenty of capital
ists, and of corporations too, for that matter, who if they
were approached in a proper spirit of fair mindedness,
would only be too glad to meet the demands of labor in
an open, honorable, straightforward manner, perfectly
willing to live and let live."
In stating his objection to that portion 'of the editorial
the writer says: "With the exception of the portion quot
ed I was in entire accord with the writer of the editorial.
I have been a trade unionist for near upon a half a cen
tury and often has it been my duty to wait upon em
ployers touching the matter of wages and such other mat
ters as from time to time come to the front in the labor
world, and I have* this; to' say: I" never 'untii just recently
met with the least .discourtesy,' not to say contempt.
The recent exception has been sn overwhelming in the
contemptuous treatment' of the. workmen's appeal" for a
little consideration during these good times that it ¦has
left in the breasts of employes just what might have
been expected by any sane man— nothing but contempt
for employers and their interests."
The writer cites only a single instance of the discour-
LIVE AND LET LIVE.
Now the question is. Just what pun
ishment cc-uld the Mikado's Govern
ment mete out to those who had suc
cessfully don« away with themselves .
According to news from Japan, so
numerous were the self-murderers who
sacrificed their own lives by jumping
into certain waterfalls that the author
ities in Japan put up big signboards of
warning, telling the "rashly importu
nate" who intended to commit the crima
of suicide^ in v these streams that se
rious consequences in the hereafter
would surelv follow , their offenses.
Herr Bebel raised a row in the Reichstag, the other
day denouncing Germany's relations with everything,
big and little, from Russia to Vanderbilt. There is prob
ably some consolation to the people, of Germany that
Russia won't respond to the noisily named socialist and
Vanderbilt can't.
Why should the future darken with the
shadows of dismay?
We are the victors now, and shall be so
for many a day.
And if he sleeps and smiles with faith In
such as you and me.
What ought our trust in Wisdom far be
yond our own to be? f
Perhaps our place is humble in the toil
. sdme mcrch of life, >,
Perchance we ne"er shall bear a glitter
ing trophy from the strife.
But it's something just to know this
youngster's glad and warm and fed
When Willie puts his nightie on and
cuddles into bed.
v Washington Star.
When out o* door a blustering roar doth
make the poplars rock
And Winter rattles at the door and tries
to break the lock.
A touch of fear i3 wakened by. the voices
of the night.
For cold is ever hungry and the north
wind loves to bite.
The home is like a fortress where our
treasures we bestow.
Beset by a revengeful and imperishable
foe.
But the heart takes on new courage and
forgets its sense of dread »
When Willie puts his nightie on and cud
dles into bed.
'A W inter Night.
After thoroughly examining the causs
of all the trouble he said, "Well. I'll
have to extract it, I guess." In re
sponse to her feeble question, "How
much will, it be, doctor?" he replied,
"One dollar without the gas -and two
dollars if we use sras."
The patient looked nervously at the
burning gas Jet and said, "Well, could
n't I come back in the daytime, doc
tor, when it is light enough without
the gas?- ¦;:•) -.
The experience of a local dentist the
other day brings back to memory the
story told of the Scotchman in the early
days when the use of nitrous oxide gas
first came into use. •
A young woman, a stenogr.iDher by
profession, dropped into the tooth-pull
er's office with a badly swollen jaw
just as he was about to close business
for the day 1 and asked if he could pull
the offending tooth. The affable ivory
carpenter saw the prospect of an extra
dollar or two and with his most win
ning smile told the patient to. take a
seat in the chair.
Without the Light.
After reading a popular novel. Torn
IVIasson propounds the following
queries in Life and announces that any
one supplying the correct answers will
be given a trip to the north pole:
Why did the town nestle among the
hiils?
"Why did she feel a mantling blu-ta
steal over her cheeks?
How did it happen that a strange
sense of unrest swept over him?
What was it that she swept out of
the room?
Why did she never look mor?
strangely beautiful than upon that
evening?
What made him fleck tha ashes from
his cigarette?
How long did her heart stand still?
Who deserted the ballroom, and why?
Why did the cold wind that fanned
their checks feel so good?
Why did. it seem to her as if all the
light had gone out of her young life?^
What made the house stiller than
death that night?
When confronted by the lawyers, why
was he visibly affected?
Why was she the life of the •whole
gathering when her heart told her that
all was lost? *
Why did the dog look up at that mo
ment and wag his tail, as If he. too, un
derstood her?
What choked his utterance?
What made her look back on that day
all the rest of her life?
Why was there a long pause?
Why were her hands so nerveless
when she let the telegram drop?
What made her suspect that he had
been drinking?
Why did he'clutch the photograph so
wildly?
What made her feel intuitively?
Why did his voice have* a ring of tri
umph as he spoke?
Whose arm was she on when she went
up the aisle?
And why was her face, though pal?,
so radiantly beautiful?
And why did the organ peal? ,
— j iVIV!
Hnzv to Do It. -'StaT 1
"And ll'h\< Xot?
rr-* HE splendidly endowed institute at Washington to
I promote the highest forms of scientific research and
¦¦" established by Mr. Carnegie as the greatest of his
monuments has declined to include within its purposes
the plant creating work of Mr. Luther Burbank. Such
inclusion was urged, by Presidents Jordan and Wheeler
and many other. influential scholars and men of science.
We are persuaded that the refusal is made because the
organic plan of the institute does not permit it to include
such work as Burbank's and not because its recognition
and support is unimportant or unnecessary. All of his
active life Mr. Burbank has worked in the improvement
of horticulture with his own means and without any offi
cial assistance or recognition. Yet it is such work as
other Governments delight to encourage and support.
The world is just learning of the remarkable discov
eries in soil feeding and" the relation of beneficial mi
crobes to plant life carried on by ProfessorNobbe in the
Agricultural School of Saxony. With ample means sup
plied to support his experiments he has discovered the
office of; the nodules on the roots of leguminous plants
and their origin in microbe action^ Their function is to
promote the plant's absorption of nitrogen from the at
mosphere. He has found it possible to feed these mi
crobes- to soils that are exhausted of their nitrogen,
thereby causing , nodular development, and enabling
plants to feed on nitrogen and digest it, so transmuting
it into development of a crop. It is probably one of the
greatest discoveries in vegetable nutrition that has ever
been made.
But Mr. Burbank's work in plant physiology is of no
less importance to the food supply of the world. We
have .become accustomed by long use to the improve
ment of animal life by crossing strains and by develop
ing individual traits into general characteristics. In this
way our breeds of butter cows have been. developed from
an excess of butter fats in the milk of individuals, and
our cheese: cows from individual excess of casein, until
we have neat cattle in whole races and great numbers that
can be relied on for butter or cheese purposes. In like
manner our beef producing breeds have fieen differenti
ated by building on the quality of individuals.
Mr. Burbank has applied this to vegetable physiology
and anatomy. He has proved it possible to have im
proved breeds of cereals, tubers, bulbs and fruits by
hybridizing and by building on individual qualities. In
this way. he has improved the varieties of vegetable and
all plant life and increased productivity. His work has
been magnificent in its magnitude, and much as he has
accomplished he is at the gateway of much more. In
another country he would have been long ago knighted
and pensioned. Here he has worked alone, and his
shy and bashful and modest personality is little known
even to his fellow-citizens in California. The name of
the man who discovered the' mule as a hybrid is pre
served for all time in the Book of Genesis. , But here is
a hybridizer of plants, who has increased the food supply
of the world and has verily painted the lily by giving it
new glories that nature did not put upon it originally,
who is rarely recognized a's he goes and comes among us.
The Carnegie institute is open to original investigation
in chemistry and physics over all their vast field. It in
cludes the biologist, the astronomer, the t psychologist^
We hope its organic purpose may be enlarged to include
the inventor of new plants and the man who teaches
nature how. to usefully amend her work.
BURBANK AND CARNEGIE.
While a number of Superior Judges
were eating lunch a few days ago they
discussed the Idiosyncrasies of the law
yers prominent in the local courts. One
of the Judges, who has been on the
bench a number of years, told the fol
lowing on a lawyer whose penchant for
borrowing car fare, always "because
he had left home in a hurry and for
got his purse," had been commented on
more than once by his fellow practi
tioners.
"It was about two weeks ago," said
the Judge. "I was walking down Mar
ket street, and when near the corner of
Sixth saw this lawyer crossing the
street. I saluted him and we stopped
and chatted a few moments about the
weather and se'veral trivial subjects.
Just as I was about to leave him he
said, 'By the way. Judge, I left home
in a hurry this morning and forgot my
purse. Could you let me have car fare?'
'Certainly,' I said, searching in my
pocket for a quarter. I found one, and
had just handed it to him when a
young man, evidently a collector,
stepped up and presented a bill to my
friend. 'This will save me a trip out
to your office,' said he.
• "Without so much as a blush my
friend paid the bill. It amounted to
.$7 60, and he abstracted that sum from
a well-filled purse he took from his
hip pocket." !
'A Forgetful Lawyer.
Awed by the strains of that musical monstrosity, "In
the Good Old Summer Time," an Indian maiden, buried
in the everlasting snows of Alaskan winter, sent an ex
pedition of obedient swains one thousand miles to get
the tune. What an opportunity here presents' itself to
one who loves his fellow-men. If Carnegie would only
suspend the library habit, buy all the copies of the song
in existence* and send them to Alaska.
"The first venture proved a succes3,
and others hurried into the business.
Ten years later the whole coast of
Maine was stripped of firs and the
business moved inland. From thi3
beginning the trade ha3 grown until
now a million and a half of Chirstmas
trees are sold every year in Xew York
and' New England, of which about a
million come from Maine alone."
"It Is natural for us to take it for
granted that there have always been
Christmas trees, yet fifty years ago
there were few in America, save in
the homes of foreigners," says a ¦writ
er in Country Life in 'America, "About
thirty years ago a number of duck
hunters cruising along the coast of
Maine noticed the millions of young
balsam firs which grew along the
shores, and the brilliant idea occurred
to one member of the party that these
symmetrical evergreens would make
excellent Christmas trees. At this
time the 'abandoned farm* era had be
gun and it looked as if the whole
State would grow up to firs. The bal
sam fir used to be a synonym for
worthlessness. Nowadays 'Canada
balsam' is made »from this tree and
thousands of vacation tourists gather
its young twigs for balsam, pillows.
But the wood has always been useles3
to the lumberman. Therefore, when
the New York yachtsman offered to
buy a few shiploads of young firs, the
honest Maine farmers failed to see
the Joke. But when the city man
opened his purse they fell to with a
will.
The Christmas Tree.
of a mustache. It signified nothing
whatever except a badge of distinction
from other races. — Southern Workman,
AS The Call predicted the minority in Congress will
for a while* 5 obstruct* criticize and in some in
stances'vilify the administration in the Panama
matter and will then, fall in and support the new treaty
with, the new. republic.': In this it will follow the course
it took in the 5 matter of Cuban reciprocity.
1 Mr. Williams, the minority leader of the House, took
advantage ot the debate on the pension bill to obstruct
the business of the House by attacking the' President,
accusing him of disobeying the' Spooner law. : That law
required only that he waif 'VreasohaDle time" for (Co
lombia to enter into a canal treaty and then reopen ,ne
gotiations with Nicaragua and 'Costa Rica. Well; the
treaty went before the Colombian Congress last August
and was rejected. Immediately -. upon evidence; that
neither it nor any reasonable treaty to the same purpose
could be made with Colombia a new sovereignty arose
over the isthmus, a new jurisdiction. As soon as this
jurisdiction assumed all the features of a de facto Gov
ernment and as such was recognized by us and almost
simultaneously by Italy, France, Great Britain and Ger
many, we made with if a 1 treaty for the canal more fav
orable than any one had ever dreamed to be possible.
Mr. Williams said that "this was the first time that
this Government had interfered in the domestic affairs
of any South American country." Does he. nof know
that from the moment it was decided by this Government
that it and not private parties would build the canal such
interference became a necessity of the situation? Does
he not know also that his party ceaselessly insisted that
the canal must be a public and not a private enterprise,
and that as such it could not be constructed without pro
jecting our sovereignty within another sovereignty, than
which there is no more acute form of interference in the
affairs of an independent state?
Of course the right to do this would be sought by
treaty. We so sought it in the treaty which Colombia
rejected upon the specific ground that it invaded her sov
ereignty. It is easily thinkable that we would encounter
the same difficulty with Nicaragua and Costa Rica. In
deed it was encountered long ago with both of those
states. They demanded that we offset such grant by
entering into an alliance offensive and defensive with
them, binding ourselves to support them in military ad
ventures and do their fightifl<? against the world if they
chose to embroil themselves with any other power. 'A
treaty to do this very thing was negotiated by Secretary
Frelinghuysen in- President Arthur's administration and
was withdrawn by Mr. Cleveland aniong the first acts
of his first administration. Since then there is no evi
dence that Nicaragua and Costa Rica have changed their
position on that question, and it was such understanding
of their implacability that compelled President McKinley
to turn to the Panama route.
Having advocated a policy which' -necessitates inter
ference in other states, what has Mr. .Williams to say of
the situation that would, jjevelop if they all follow the
example of Colombia and;refuse to. permit it by treaty?
That refusal has already occurred. What then? < FoV
lowing the policy laid down by the Democratic leader,
Cass, nothing would be left to us -but forcible, military
invasion of the isthmus, to. override local by
arms and take the rights which we hold in trust for the
commerce of the world. Events have spared us this last
resort. The de facto sovereignty of Panama assents to
abdicate sovereignty over the - canal strip twenty miles
wide as far as such sovereignty relates to the construc
tion, administration and enjoyment of the use of that
waterway. The administration, instead of being exe
crated for taking advantage of events so favorable,. would
be justly execrable if it had not.
After Mr. Williams had exhausted his' ingenuity in
finding fault and in trying to make an issue useful next
year, he exposed the fatuous policy of his party by. say
ing: "The minority cannot be made to make the mistake
which the majority desires if to make. ... The /Democrats
want a canal: They* want the Nicaragua canal, but if
they cannot get the canal where they think it ought to be
they will take it where they can get it. If the President
now refuses to try and negotiate a treaty with Nicaragua
and Costa Rica, then in God's name hurry up your canal."
This is a rather pitiful exposure- to be made by the
leader of a party. We are taking the only steps to hurry
up the canal and are obstructed only. by Mr. Williams
and his party. The Republicans, are not making them
oppose and obstruct. They are not trying to make them
make any mistake, as their capacity in making mistakes
needs no outside help. They now give notice that they
will pull back all they can, hinder as much as they may,
and then at the end fall in and follow the Republicans,
who would have been glad to have them march as one
force and keep step forward to the result so long hoped
One of Lyraan's followers was gifted
with the art of painting. He, with a
number of other select Mission spirits,
conceived an Idea. Down to old No. 3
firehouse they sauntered. It was, a
gathering place of the clans. While
steward and driver caJmly slept the
Lyman forces went to work. First they
decorated the sides of th? two big
blacks that hauled the hose wagron
¦with legends in. white, "Vote for Bill
Lyman for Supervisor." Then they
embellished the wheel spokes of the
wagon with similar announcements and
completed the job by lat)elinjj the bat
tle cry along every length of hose that
lay In the cart.
A clang of the fire bell aroused the
slumbering firemen. Quickly the
wagon was rolling. Out into the street
went the perambulating apparatus.
When bluff old District Engineer
Kinald arrived on the scene his eyes
lighted upon that team of painted
blacks.- The roar the. gruff firefighter
set up was heard above the din of the
crash of axes and hosemen and it took
all of the "pull" No. 3's men had to
save their necks.
It was during the days when Chris
Buckley was the king of San Fran
cisco. "Bill" Lyman was running for
Supervisor out in the Ml3sion. Lyman
had a bunch of friends who were very
zealously campaigning for h!ra. They
had been placarding anG posting their
candidate's name in every r.i.ok and
corner of the district.
Unique Campaigning.
We had 1 waited at Matadi for word
from the trading company which I had
worked for on the Upper Congo three
years before. I had made thrm a propo
sition to take charge of a trading post
on the Upper Mobfcnsrui River. Mr. Mo-
Clintock and I to attend to it and buv
Ivcry and rubber for thorn. Our ider.
was to do our scientific work and our
exploring 'from this base of supplies,
as we couJd have ample time. The con
ditions wore that the compin;' y.-as to
transport "us (o the farthest -Urn its of
the known territory, on th? SI'Bomu.
where we would bu:!d a house and do
We noticed that when approaching
the enemy they would always stop and
Feem to lister, end then go on a little
and then lls. : f,.ain. But tho white
ants were not • "yiryji victorious. Very
often when a b:ack ant was. supported
by reinforcements they got hold of
the big feyow's every foot and bit him
to death; h<? would writhe and strug
gle, but all tb no purpose; soon the:
struggling would cease and the vic
torious band would carry him off to
odd his corpse to their food supply. We
never saw, the black ants eat any of
their Fpoil, for they always took them
to their underground storehouse. Wo
¦watched this- battle many hours in the
course of our stay here. There wert
always active hostilities, and every few
seconds arnie of the besiegers or the
besieged ¦would lose their lives.
Frequently when a white ant was al
most overcome by a host of black ones
a white comrade would rush in. and
bear him. away bodily., with several
Mack ants. clinging to his feet. Some
times the attempt at rescue would fail,
with fatal result to the white art. It
seemed that they had great generals
and preat fiehters, with all the qual
ities of wonderful strength, sagacity
and chivalry found in the Kstory of
humanity. The sicg- was still In prog
rers when we left Matadi six weeks
lateri
Ants were the most wonderful things
we struck for several days. In the
grove of Ftunted trees where we were
camped was one- which had been -taken
as a fortress by some large white ants
and was now in a state of siege. ,Som<>
small black ants of the standard Amer
ican size were intrenched in the rough
bark. *tnd here were -enacted all the
horrors of a great siege in miniature.
Th2 little black ants in the cracks had
the white ones need. There were mil
lions of them. The big white ones cov
ered the limbs, their picket line about
three feet from the ground. The white
ar.ts would aavancc too near the en
emies' line, and a little black ant would
charge out of a crack, get the big fel
low hy the leg and hold on like grim
death. If he wss not supported the big
ar.t after a fhort struggle would get
him between his pinchers and pinch
him nearly in two. then chase up the
tree with his Fpoil until he was beyond
th<? danger lino, and then he and his
comrades would gather round the little
brave black ant and make a meal of
him; but they never ceg1eete*l-,to keep
the picket line supplied with pickets.
That morning when the African sun
f.ret shone on our little camp at Mat
adi Mr. McClintock went off to climb
the adjacent hills while 1 kept camp,
cooked dinner and cleaned our scien
tific instruments.
He came back after a two hours'
hunt, having made a discovery. He had
got into an army of white ants
without noticing it, and by way of en
tertainment for the savages had
danced the Highland broadsword dance
with variations. He said: "When I
Haw those great ants I stopped to see
what they were doing. There was a
trail of thorn about a yard wide, as
clcse as they crowd to one an
other, som* Ms and pome little,' the
large ones as big as bees. All at once
something stung me. I thought it was
a bee. and then I felt more stings,
stings in platoons and then in battal
iorjs. I grabbed one ankle, then the
other, charging up the hill at double
quick time. They would not brush
off. and I hed to pull them off one by
cne, and sometimes they would* leave
their heads before they would let go."
He fnert the rest -of the day looking
up their zoology in our natural his
tory, and then wrote a treatise on the
tcrmes lucifugus that build hills twen
ty to thirty feet high.
A:\ Explorer in Africa.
BT TVILJ-IAM S. CHERRY.
(Afrlcin Traveler, explorer and Big Game
Hunter.)
(Copyright, 19C3. by Joseph D. Bowl«.) •.
The 12th of September. 1896, found
Charles H. McClintock and myself en
camped at Matadi on the Congo, hav
ing debarked the night before from the
big ocean steamer which brought us
from England, where we had equipped
our expedition for a five years' stay in
the interior of Africa.
I had been home and completed the
studies I had determined on when leav
ing here three years ago, and I felt
confident that we were equipped with
the kr.owlc-dge and materials neces
sary to culminate our plans sucess
fully. Mr. McClintock was a young
'man who had become very much inter
ested in my plans for future explora
tion, and a year before I was ready to
return had declared his intention of
returning with me if he had to go as a
stowaway among my goods. When I
found that, in rpite of all the discour
agement I could possibly throw in his
¦way. he was still determined, T. became
convinced he had the real exploration
fever and quite as bad as my own ini
tial attack.
The United States can supply all the
wants of its people for coal, iron, cop
per, petroleum and all the useful min
erals; gold and silver also are found in
generous quantities.; but of precious
Etone?! the diamond, the ruby, the em
erald, the topaz, etc., it. has practically
none, except what it has bought
nbro.id. In 1902 we paid $25,000,000
to foreign countries for precious stones
that we imported, while during that
year precious stones of ,the value of
only S338.OCO were found within our
borders. Those were principally sap
phirep from Montana, turquoises from
New Mexico. Arizona, Nevada and Cal
ifornia, and tourmalines and chryso
prases from California. — National
Geographic Mfijrazine.
Imported Gems.
Ke tcok.lt all quietly and never
whimpered. Many newcomers do not
take it that way. I Ttnew a Frenchman
who after his first few days became
very weals and would lie around and
cry like a baby. He made his will,
and as there was no priest confessed to
the administrator. Ho had been mixed
up in some meanness and wanted to die
with a clear conscience. I told him he
wan not sick ancl .not- to' make a fool
of himself by confessing things he
would regret telling of later. But he
know hf was going to die and com
menced to moan. He made his confes
sion and felt better. .After he made it
I ?Jdvised him to turn over and aie
gracefully, and he chased me out of
the room with his revolver, Jumping
out of bed to get it as spryly as a .well
man. I doctored him and in five days
he was as well as ever. He had not
taken enough quinine, being prejudiced
against it.; j.V' >
Quinine generally runs t'hfc fever up
higher. McClintock's ran up to eight
degrees and then he began to perspire.
I was getting very much frightened, for
it Beemtd as if it was never going to
start down. But when perspiration Set
in I kr.ew it v.oud go down, but keep
on rising until they burn out the life.
Ten degrees is nearly always fatal, and
jurt before death it drops below nor
mal. McClintock's fever soon quieted
down ar.d he slept. The next day it
was entirely gone, but he was so weak
he oou'.d not stand on his feet. I fed
him nuir.in-; in doses of fifteen grains
twice a dav, and the evening of the
third day he was out to dinner, and a
day after no one would have imagined
he had been sick.
During the time we were waiting for
an answer from the company on the
Upper Con^o I came into camp one
evening to find McClintock with a
towel around his head and a fever six
degrees above normal. That was
something startling, but I kept telling
him it was nothing. I put him to bed,
covered him - with three blankets,
bathed his head and wrists with cold
water, and put a cold application on
his chest. It seemed as if he would
never perspire, and, though it is better
to wait until the patient is perspiring
before giving quinine, I gave him fif
teen grains.
• » •
Our guns were the latest model
small bore, metal jacket balls, the 30-40
and the 25-35 Winchesters— with am
munition to last years. We had Colt's
44 revolvers and a good all-around ap
paratus for loading cartridges. We
were stocked with a tennis set and a
bicycle, and besides all this I had my
legerdemain outfit as a side tack. I
had studied under a' professor and be
come quite proficient in all current
sleight-of-hand tricks and meant to
see what the natives would think of
them.
I had an elephant-taming equipment
consisting of chains, ropes, pulleys, etc.
All these things were boxed and most
of them in zinc soldered cases, making
many extra loads besides our beads,
wire and cloth, tenting outfit, clothes,
etc.
We had a chemical outfit for pros
pecting for minerals and diamonds and
geographical tools for taking observa
tions and making maps. It was our
plan to photograph everything, and we
had cameras, plates and other supplies
by. the load. For our geographical
names of rivers, countries, peoples, we
had a phonograph and blank cylinders
by hundreds, expecting to t make an
authentic register of the pronunciation
of the African names: besides I wanted
these registers to show'the similarities
I had noticed in the widely different
languages.
We had spent all our money buying
scientific Instruments, guns, ammuni
tion, brass wire. and cloth. When I
left Matadi for rar trip home brass
win* and cloth wore the currency, and
every load for the Upper Congo was
taken from Matadi by carriers, who
were paid in wire and cloth, the rate
being between $3 and $10 for a load of
sixty pounds to be caried lover the
caravan road of 250 miles. Thirty
thousand carriers were employed then,
end hundreds of thousands of loads
were carried annually to and from
Stanley' Pool; but now the new rail
road transported all the loads to
Tumba, nearly half way to the pool,
and the carriers all started from there
instead of from Matadi. Another
change: When I left Matadi in 1S93
money was of little use for transporta
tion, but now it was absolutely nec
essary to pay the railroad In money,
while the carriers would take nothing
but cloth and v.ire. We were in a di
lemma, having no money to pay the
railroad to transport our goods to the
place where our kind of currency was
good. This was what forced us to
make our offer to the trading company,
for I knew that, once in the interior
with our equipment, we would soon be
independent. .
business for them. We did not care
how savage the natlve3 were or how
hard the labor so long as we reached a
new field.
HURRY UP THE CANAL.
tesy complained of, but of that he says: "Naturally the
attitude taken by this corporation has led to the organi
zation by the men, 'and so this everlasting strife between
Employer and employe is kept alive."
The Call does not know how far the complaint thus
made is justified, but the statement is a striking illus
tration'of the value of courtesy in all the affairs of life.
Here is a man who for fifty years has been carrying on
negotiations between workingmen -whom he represents
and their , employers and who during all that time has
been met with the true American spirit- of fairness' and
equality, but who now, despite all that experience, per
mits his judgment to be distorted by a single instance of
discourtesy.- One would reasonably suppose that a man
who has met with but one discourteous corporation of
ficial in fifty years would dismiss that case an excep
tional one and go on his way with no feeling of distrust
against employers generally. It is a fact, however, that
one insult or rudeness rankles so deeply in the mind of
a sensitive man that it leads him to overlook for a time
all the courtesies that are familiar and unnoted, r
While the complaint is unreasonable in that respect it
is none the less a clear statement of a certain phase of
human nature that has to be reckoned with, and the
directors of corporations whose officials are inclined to
treat with contempt or with rudeness the American
workingman would better get a new set of officers.
THE - SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, PropHctorr. . v : ... .-v.; /Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGET, Manager
Publication Office ... . • • • • • • • •'•• • • •'• •"'• • <t^£si|j|^> • • • .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY ..... ...... ...... ..V. ....... .................:. DECEMBER 13, 1903
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, : DECEMBER 13, 1903.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Under the/inspiration of allegations of gross fraud the
affairs of the salt trust are under -i thorough judicial in
quiry. We didn't need this investigation, however; to
provide the epithet "salted"' for many of the corporations
ofthc United States and the conduct of theircurious af
fairs.^ ',- .; ' '¦ '
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Buy Holiday Bocks
F om
limum ™RAY~COHPAHY
7^3 M/RKET STREET
• Our B^rk O.talosu^l^th^ost complex
issuttl in the AVest. t-sa> gr<U.s.
T7o PcMisi Socks toy
Bs<ria Starr Jordaa
Car? and Culture ft Uzn: pric*. . . . . .^l-'O
<--r,.. v cf Th« Innumerable Ccawanv: j
OWTJ Ll '" • ._« j
"llViliday IMltlcn — California and th>» i
* CalifcrnWna: pricn *...... ..Vn |
Poems ?53" Herbert Itaatfcia
Holiday EiUUob — Wclvw of n* S»a anil
ether Fo«ms; price, i.lfU.Oj
Joactuln sailer's !?ccjr« '
>:cw Illustrated IMition; price ?~*>O
T1j« Very Z^tsa:
Oi-nr »r><l Fitzg<:r*!<! an;*, cthtr Poem*, by
John G. Jury— a r»r/.aikab!y ciever book.
Holiday Cntlon. Half Vellum and Go»d
B.Ertri:* : pf jc« .• $ 1 .£5
£eid for L ; st of Westsm Publications.
¦ ¦'? peeial ' Information supplied, dally, to
b-jsir.e*s hrtiises and public men by: th«
1'rtEn Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5*j Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ?
f, Towr.senri's . California place fruits and
candies. Soc 'a pound, in artistic nre-
; €ith«>d boxes. A ::Ice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market ft., above Call bide. •
. It is time to express Tow ( nsend's Glace
Fruits liast for Christmas now. v •
StronB Hoarhound Candy. Townsend's.*STANCH SUPPORTER OF THE
MERIT SYSTEM WHO HAS
PASSED AWAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAlX SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13. 1903.
He is a fool who- milks no wisdom
from adversity.
KINGFISHER. Okla.. Dec. 12. — Col
onel. C. ; T.'Prouty,.- Territorial Grain
Inspector, died here to-day of injuries
received In a runaway accident several
weeks' ago. '-;,"¦'.
Injuries ; Prove FatoJ.
On being- questioned recently about
seme charges brought against one of
the officials in his department, Post
master General Payne said:*
"It is not at all clear to me who
brought these charges."
"They were worked up by Charlotte
Smith." suggested his interviewer.
"She is a reformer who is la familiar
figure at the capital." .' /
"Charlotte Smith?" repeated - the
Postmaster General. "Yes/ 1 know her.
Fathers everything:' mothers nothing."
— New York Commercial.
A "Father"' Exclusively.
/Robert Hauptstuck, aged 68 years,
died last night" at the Alameda Sanita
rium. I Ke leaves -a wife, who resides at
613 East .Tw.elfth street. - , i "
Mrs! Elizabeth Clark, mother of JR.'. I*.
Clark, a conductor on * the Hay wards
branch of the 'Oakland' Transit Com
pany's system, died yesterday at Pierce
City, Mo., at the, age of 74 years. :
OAKLAND.') Dec. 12.— John Stanhope
Engs Sr." died yesterday* at his home,
1028 Filbert street, at the age of 65
years. Deceas'ed leaves a -wife, and four
sons— Dr. John S., Edward W. and Otis
Engs. all of this city, and Samuel M.
Engs of Chicago. The funeral will be
held at the family residence at 2 p. m.
Sunday. '
Mrs. Clara Wundsch died at her
home. 713 Franklin street, yesterday
afternoon. -The deceased was 48 years
of age and leaves a husband and one
daughter. The funeral will be held to
morrow under the auspices of the Order
of " the Eastern Star, of which Mrs.
Wundsch' was a member. ,
. , Mrs. Floret Moulton'of Alameda died
yesterday ather home.at the age.of 87
years. ; . ,. :
NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— Mrs. Henry
Viliard Bell, the only daughter of the
late Henry Villard, has brought suit
in the Supreme Court in Westchester
County to set aside the will of the mil
lionaire, according to a story to v be
published in the World to-morrow.
She names as the principal defendants
Mrs. Fannie G. Villard, her mother,
and her two brothers, Oswald and
Harold Villard, The defendants al
together number fifty, including ed
cational and charitable institutions to
which Mr. VllJard left about $250,000.
In her complaint, to which she
made oath before United States Con
sul General Mason in Berlin-on-No
vember 5 last, Mrs. Bell says:> "On
the information and belief, said al
leged will and * testament was never
executed by the said Henr/ Villard in
conformity with the requirements of
law. At the time'of the alleged execu
tion thereof said Henry Villard was
of unsound mind and incapable of
making a testamentary disposition of
his property. The execution thereof.
if the same was ever executed by said
Henry Villard, Was secured by fraud
and undue influence." . • '
Mrs. Bell further alleges that the
will, which was admitted to probate
on December 29. 190D. by the Surro
gate of Westchester County, "is not the
last will and testament of said Henry
Villard." Of $5,000,000 personal es
tate left by Mr. Villard Mrs. Bell re
ceived J137.000. •' ' ' '. :
Henry Villard's Daughter Will
Begin a Fight for Portion
of Her Father's Millions
the Montmartre'o.uarter. where the ac- ]
cident occurred," it is said that his lord
ship, accompanied by a male friend, ar
rived there at 1 o'clock thia morning.
The supper lasted until 3 o'clock. Lord
Abinger suddenly complained of a feel-
Ing of" dizziness and started down a
stairway toward an, exit In order to
reach the open air. When half way
down the stairs" he fell an-1 rolled to
the foot of. the stairway. When as
sistance reached him he was found to
be unconscious and was removed to the
hospital, where he died soon after his
arrival, the physicians giving heart dis
ease as the cause. The police authori
ties advised the British embassy of
Lord Abinger's decease.
Lord Abinger's mother, who is a
daughter of the late Commodore Ma
cruder. U. S. N., arrived here from
England to-night -in response to a tel
egram sent to her this morning an
nouncing her son's death. She will con
vey the remains to England for in
terment. ; Lord Abinger 'was unmarried.
Lady Abinger met her husband in
Montreal' when a. large body of British
troops was sent there in anticipation
of trouble during the Mason and Slide!!
affair in 1861. Her brother, Major Ma
gruder, formerly of Washington, has
lived here many years.
WANTS PORTION
OF THE ESTATE
BLIZZARD HITS
EAST IN FORCE
Cold Wave Sweeps St. Louis
and the Temperature Sud
denly Drops Thirty Degrees
ST. LOUIS,. Dec. 12.— Late this after
noon blizzard weather swept over St.
Louis and to-night a heavy wind'
caused the moderate fall of snow to
become almost blinding. The tempera
ture drooped from 4U degree at 1
o'clock to-day to' 1$ degrees at night
fall, and the Government bureau pre
dicts zero weath«r by daylight.
TOPEKA, Kans., Dec. 12.— The cold
est weather of the winter, with the
mercury at near zero and the wind
blowing at twentv-f our miles an hour,
has prevailed over Kansas to-day. Dis
patches from Central and Western
Kansas say that the cattle *on the
ranges are suffering severely.
BUTTE, Mpnt., Dec. % 12.— Reports
from throughout the State to-night in
dicate the heaviest fall ef show this
winter, ranging from 12 inches to two
feet. The temperature ranges from the
freezing point to 6 degrees below zero.
OMAHA.^eb., Dec. 12.— The mercury
fell 25 degrees during the afternoon,
reaching the zero mark at 6 o'clock,
with. prospects of a considerably lower
temperature by Sunday morning.
A beautiful framed picture makes a
Rood Christmas present. The only largrc
assortment of Rood things is at;Sanborn,
& Vails. 741 Market street.
DISEASE-LADEN SLEEPING CARS
Subject Discussed' at Meeting of
American Health Association.'
The filthy and disease-laden* sleeping
car has been duly scored by the Ameri
can Health Association. At the meet-
Ing in Washington the subject was very
thoroughly discussed' from a sanitary
standpoint. Although the facts regard
ing the culpable uncleanliness of berths
are admitted by the public. thelr;re r
hearsal from time to tiKie. helps to em
phasize' the. necessity fof refenn.
The railroad companies ar*» always
ready with excuses against bettering
conditions, Their business. is to avoid
traveler may growl as much as he
trouble and save expense. / Th? casua!
submit'to an infliction rather .-than suf
chooses, is. of tener ¦ contented to
fer the humiliation of a fruitless dp-
peal to authority.
No one needs be told that the ordi
nary heavy curtained ana ill -ventilated
night car is a veritable propagator of
Infectious diseases. What better could
be expected when the nightly used
blankets, as claimed by on* speaker,
are cleansed but once in six months?
And. pray, what power exists to call
officials to account? What is the real
guarantee for the sleeper that he Is
absolutely safe from the. germs left for
him from the previous customer? The
only remedy rests in the ordinary, hon
esty of tfte common carrier. • . •
One of the railroad experts rather
plausibly claimed that it was not fair
to require railroads to spend large turns
of money, for sanitary purposes until
they knew where they stood. As If,
in truth, there were any doubts con
cerning the efficacy of absolute clean
liness, perfect ventilation and thorough
disinfection — all easy enough cf appli
cation when there Is a will for the way.
—Washington Star.
'•Underground rooms in St. Pan
eras." I* one of the subjects dealt with
In the report of the public health
committee submitted to the London
County Council. Not the local, but
the county, authority was the first to
call attention to the large number of
underground rooms in this borough
which are illegally occupied. It was
at first believed that there were "over
400 tenements, affording accommoda
tion for more than 1000 persons," in
contravention of the law. When the
matter was brought to the notice of
the St. Pancras borough council that
body caused an inspection to be mad<?
of the underground rooms in the bor
ough, and the borough medical of
ficer reported that there were 640
rooms, in which the conditions were
practically irremediable, and suggest
ed that the rooms should be dealt
with consecutively and at intervals,
"so as to avoid the serious effects of
•udd^nly displacing a large popula
tion." The borough council has now
intimated that notices have been
served requiring the owners of forty
nine of these rooms to discontinue,
within three months, to suffer the
rooms to be let or occupied as dwell
ings contrary to the statute, and that
the remaining cases are being dealt
with. — London Telegraph.
Ixsidoners Living Underground
PARIS, Dec. 13.— Lord Abinger died
in the Larib'oisie Hospital to-day from
heart failure, brought on by the shock
of a fall down the stairs of a restau
rant. At the Restaurant Taharin, in
DEATH DUE TO A FALL.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12.— John R.
Proctor of Kentucky, president ol the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion and an intimate friend of Presi
dent Roosevelt, died of angina pectoris
at the Cosmos Club in this city to-day,
aged 59 years. He spent last evening
in Baltimore, where he attended the
annual meeting of the National Civil
Service Reform Association and made
an address, apparently being In the
best of health. He was with \ome
friends this • morning at the Cosmos
Club, where he had been a prominent
member for-. many years, but became
suddenly 111 about 10 o'clock. Surgeon
General Wyman of the public health
and marine hospital service was at the
club at the time and immediately ad
ministered medical aid. Proctor., was
assisted to a bed and shortly afterward
went to sleep, and improved so much
as to encourage his friends for a speedy
recovery. Civil Service Commissioner
Cooley notified Mrs. Proctor and also
the President, who expressed concern
and kept In touch with the patient's
condition. • . 1
Shortjy after 2 o'clock there was an
other attack, the stricken man gasped
twice and then death followed. The
President and Mrs. Roosevelt called at
the clubhouse and spent considerable
time, at .the bedside. ... . .
Funeral arrangements are deferred
pending the arrival of a. son, Lieuten
ant Andre M. Proctor, now In charge of
a torpedo boat, stationed at the Nor
folk Navy Yard. . Another son^ John R.
Proctor Jr., is a lieutenant of artillery,
U. S. A. Both of the sons served In
the Spanish-Amerlcan.war.
Proctor was for many years State
geologist of Kentucky. He refused,
even at the dictation of members of
thl State Legislature, to remove com
petent assistants for political reasons,
arid was sustained by all of the Gov
ernors under whom he served until
1893. when, it is stated, the then Gov
ernor wished to make appointments for
personal and political reasons. Proc
tor's appointment on the Civil Service
Commission was ur£:ed by Mr. Roose
velt; then Civil Commissioner. He and'
Mr. Roosevelt were colleagues on the
commission from 1893 until Mr. Roose
velt's resignation in 1S95. During' Mr.
Proctor's service on the commission the
number of positions subject to the
merit system increased from 43,000 to
120,000.
JOHN R. PROCTOR,
LEADER IN CIVIL
SERVICE, IS DEAD
33
ADV-ZE2TISETIEIETS 1 .;..'._ . .
Glove and Merchandise Orders Issued
On Exhibition Monday. Dec 14. a Superb Stock of
DECORATIVE ART OBJECTS
SUITABLE FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS,;
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAJT
T~ 7* . „.: j Triplicate Mirrors —
Bronzes-Many beauti Best qua , jty>
f ul and unique pieces Beve j p Jate -^
by famous artists. frcm iJO.Dl/
~ " .. , • j c Vases — Complete line
Clocks-Various kinds of taH Vases> pjajn
for all pur- tfvj a a an d fancy tff n>v
poses, from »p*.W frorn .pi^JU
Cut Glass- Rich, bril- French Cluster Vases
pliant finish. Best -Suitable tor table or
V makes, odd <T? Af) C ? urch de f C ° r " $12
pieces, from from $1C
Electroliers and^iT Cabinets — For China
Lamps in practical and Music and Curios,. . .
°s[ y T,to a mJ8 ! QQ^::::fV^ 335.00,
Italian Marbles- Novelties in^ Vienna
Appropriate and at- Leather and French
tractive sub- €0 00 T a p e s t r y tf 9 QQ
jects . . from $"- W | from QO.VV
Photo Frames — New Coffee and Chocolate
shapes, made espec- Sets-Large stock of
ially for the White Dresden and Limoges
H^!!.?^m$l.75| i:::: -from $15.00
Cups and Saucers— Fish and Game Sets-
Immensestock.Coffee, Some very attractive
Chocolate and Cf\ n designs. tf 77 n/\
Tea from WC from QLL.DV
r~ 1 4 oil Plates — Best French
Enamels of all de- and En^fsfij makes,
: CT^o S n;- $7.50 1 --$2.50- doz.
Smoking Sets— Large Jardinieres— Large col-
assortment, many lection in bronze, ham-
unique styles, at mered brass and tf*C
reasonable prices. porcelain. . . from »ftJ
Seals and Paper Writing Desks in Ma-
Knives in Bronze and hogany and Verni
$3.00 ;$27.50 :
SPECIALS
Parlor Cabinets— Verni Martin, glass tfpn An
shelves, mirror back *. . . . >pD\/»\J\J
Library Tables— All Mahogany, 4x2^ feet $50.00
Tea Tables— Sets of four-nested $22.50. $25
AD VEBTISEM2NTS.
A REED SHAKEN
WITH THE WIND
Without Will Power, Courage, i\nibi-
tlon, Energy or Hope the Dys-
peptic Is Willing to Give Up
4v* ' the Struggle.
The confirmed dyspeptic has a3 lit- :
tie interest in life as any human be-
ing. He is unfitted for its duties and
is indifferent to Its charms. He-is un- I
able to enjoy the business and social]
relations tha^ constitute the life of the j
average man. All his hoses are ab- i
sorbed by the one . hope to get well
and again be able to enjoy tha good
thlnps at life. Until this is realized
he is sick at heart and feels himself,
to be of little use.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
sufferer's tree of life. They will cure
him and bring him health and happi-
ness just ' as 'sure and certain as he
takes them. They are sure because
they are natural and no other cure
but a natural one is sure. They act
on the food and digest it just as well
as A stomach would.' They contain :
exactly the same chemical properties
as the digestive liuids of the" stomach.
By putting Stuart's. Dyspepsia Tab-
lets in a bottle or jar with any kind
of food. meat, "eggs or* vegetables, with :
sufficient amount of .water, the proc-
ess of digestion is carried out just as
ii is in a healthy human stomach and
in the same time. There is conse-
quently no unnatural .disturbance. oX-
the digestive organs resulting from
the "use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
They relieve the weak and Worn out
stomach of its work and permit it to
rest up and recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength. ' ' *
A well known Buffalo physician
says: "I prescribe • Stuart's Dyspep-.
Bia Tablets on all occasions as a re-
lief for -weakened and run down stom-
achs. I find they contain all the in-
gredients necessary for the proper di-
gestion of the food and will .do more
to give the stomach the needed rest
than any medicine I could prescribe.
They have never failed to give imme-
diate relief in all my cases and 1 1 do
not he'sitate to recommend them to all
Sufferers from dyspepsia." ,.':'".':
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are I for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
/ Cor.Post&Kearny Sts.
> ' /;¦; AD VEBTISEMENTS. J
I - PI/^OS, PIANO PLAYERS, all TalK- ) f&|S
6^ rag Machines, Music Boxes, full line §§& }
¦A MUSICAL INSTRUF^ENTS, SHEET W&\
M MUSIC We are agents lor the Celc- ilf§X j
H bratcd DEHR BROS. & BAUMEISTER '! ; ~TjB'
g PIANOS and the Simplex Piano Players. Jl|l|ll
p You will find our prices the lowest Ac- ffm$Mw
m commodating terms o! credit if you wish. ]^^^^^
I OPEN EVENINGS TILL CHRISTMAS. Jp|^|i
- ADVE3TISE21ENTS.
k'.wcys the Scr.e Coed Old Blaiz
The purchasing power of Christmas money will be largely increased at the New Store. A magnificent
selection of ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS. The season's stock is the result of careful planning and
concerted action of our buying organization, which places an unequaled assortment within your reach. THIS
IS UNQUESTIONABLY SAN FRANCISCO'S CHRISTMAS HEADQUARTERS FOR FURNITURE. Our Prices are, and
always niust be, the very lowest.
» ''/'¦ ¦ ¦ _. ¦ * ¦ • ¦
t ==== <^ Music cabin... .BRASS BED— Massive in de- s^ o l"l?c^Z H- .Sfe,"
Solid oak or mahog- Sign, 65 inCn head, 44 inCn weathered finish, . ••
ri^^S^SMS TS fi w'ht oHhe fcot ' 2 inch .pillars, /3-4 inch ggSSfSg^SB .m^o^-mm-iv. m *•..
>A o d 4 a rLerK &«? £*& l«. top rails, bow foot, perfect con- gSSigSSKS SR S £u£X. d iS3? 32S
mirror, caet brass trim- Price . <> G Off ctmrftnn Prirp . OOA Si\ con holes and able to four positions, reversl-
££."¦•¦ $15.25 '...$8.25 StrUCtlOn - ™ Ce Jj> J3.50 drawer. ..Cft 85 Prtee™ 10 " ' CUShlOnS - $9.75
¦. | Price yw^r • j
teV sawed oak, golden • .' lint of d3p?rils. lace combination book case - o,.n,r
finish, tull' svvell front • 0 £ B K5?SfiK'&.i &ES curtains, portieres, tlno\y%t. Qo/2^ JSS*^ a ISftJSTZ?- .SRK
Price'.; . :;.$18.25 S8 "^.?:i!-«? ' . ' P" Ce ... p ....^J4.b5 $39.75Some very : swell wedding 'invitations com*
from Knowles, 24 Second street. Main COS. •
Auditor, Baehr, yesterday returned
without his approval the demand for
$77 passed by the Board of Education
for football suits furnished the Lowell
High School football teanv' In • a • let
ter to~the board Baehr says: • "I .am
unable to' find, your" authority to ex
pend moneys set aside! for 'miscel
laneous supplies' in the' purchase' of
football suits."
Returns Demand ; Unsigned.
Trapper's Oil curei rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.". 406 Clay.*
" The Supreme Court declared yester
day that Leung Ock must die in pay
ment df the penalty for killing Wing
Ga in a Siskiyou logging, camp i last
year. The appeal was based on al
leged technical errors. ' •
Leung Ock^Must Die.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12. — The Secretary of
the Navy has approved a project for manning
the naval colliers with naval officers and en
listed men. The colliers are now officered and
manned by civilians.
CARTHAGE. Mo.. Dec.' 12.— Ben C. Aylor.
the Webb City millionaire mine owner, who
shot and killed Gordon Allen, a 'wealthy Jop-
Hn man, near here two months ago. was ac
quitted to-day by a Jury in the Circuit Court.
Aylor's plea was self-defense. .
Ladies' Hats.
Over 200 hats, very latest models, at
greatly reduced prices. Lease expires
Feb. 1. Entire stock sacrificed. Jlmc.
Dosch,"207 Post street. v •
The annual reunion of the Children
of Mary of St. Francis parish will take
place this afternoon at 3 o'clock at
the church on Vallejo street. Xew
members will be consecrated and an
address will be delivered- by the di
rector of the sodality and benediction
with the blessed sacrament After
the church ceremony the members
will proceed to their hall and elect
officers for the ensuing year. Rev. T.
Caraher, rector of St. Francis Church,
will officiate at the ceremony.
Children, of Mary to Meet.
Dr. Tyndall's Last Lecture.
Dr. Alex J. Mclvor-Tyndall expects
to close his present series of psychic
science lectures here to-night. The
subject for to-night's discourse will
be "Our Common Birthright." Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall has had a marvelous
popularity here in the somewhat dif
ficult task of teaching the principles
of -what he has designated as psychic
science, as distinguished Yrom phys
ical science. The very evident success
vhich he has attained in his efforts
Is doubtless due to the fact that he
1b at all times logical, scientific and
practical in his theories, adhering
strictly to rationalism, even 'while
Healing with the obscure phenomena
of the forces that are as yet invisible.
In addition to a very pleasing address
and a. power of clear deduction, the
distinguished exponent of the un
known possesses a marvelous psychic
development that enables him to dem
onstrate the psychic powers and fac
ulties of which he speaks. This he
does in an entertaining manner that
appeals to the. amusement lover as
¦well as to the seeker after knowledge.
The lecture to-night will be followed
by demonstrations of psychic phe
nomena, and the evening will close
the lecture series for the present year.
Two Pacific Heights families announce
their solution of the servant problem by
planning to spend the Christmas holi
days at Hotel del Monte. That pro
gramme means rest and comfort for all
and a midwinter outing that will fit the
heads of the households for buckling
down to the business of the new year
with a most almighty zest. Walking,
golf.ngr. driving and riding will raise the
spirits and develop startling appetites,
which the hotel feasts will be ready to
satisfy in a gladdening way that would
make old Epicurus himself show his
teeth in happy content. Why don't you
go to Del Monte for Christmas, or, bet
ter yet. go down there next Saturday and
spend the Christmas week there? •
Solving: the Servant Problem.
William Dallam Armes
PLAYS -AND PLAYERS — Farewell to the old
Tlvoli — Portraits of Frances Starr, Carrie
de Mar and Helene Montross — Theatrical
Notes. ¦ ¦¦ ;
BOOKS AND WRITERS— A Sunset Devotee—
"The Reign of Queen Isyl" — Drama Baaed
on Coronado's Expedition (L«»avenworth Mac
nab) — 'The Men's College Record," by Wal
- lace Irwln and Gordon Roes — Various Notes.
WITH THE CAMERA — Arnold Genthe's "Boy
With the Velvet Hat" — San Francisco's Re
cent > Convention — Results of Big. t Photo
graphic Contest — Portrait of a 'Girl, by the
Stanford Studio.
THE COURSE OF EMPIRE— Headpiece by
Blanche Letcher— California Farms — Oiled
Railway Track — A Modern Atlantic Type 1
Locomotive — California : Fruits for. Indians —
— Thanksgiving Oranges — Agua. Callente
Springs of Arizona — California's Gold and
Silver — Dairy Outlook — Filipino Collegians —
Fruit for the East — Shasta. Caves.
BUNSET RAYS— Under the MUtleto« (E. D.
Pelxotto)— Affinity (F. E. Borton)— In the
Land of Palm and Pine ( Jeanle Peet)— Her
Hatred (Roy Farrell • Greene) — Love, Will
Find -a Wxy (Martha Shepard Llpplncott) —
Rockaby Baby (A. J. Waterhouse)— A Tule
tide Yarn (W.7 S. - Wright). . ., •
Wallace Irwln
Illustrated from full-page drawing by Max
Newberry. • ¦ ¦
THE GREEK THEATER AT BERKELEY...
Alfred J. Waterhouse
CHRISTMAS AT SUNRISE BEND— A Story
of Colorado J. B. Norman
STORY OF THE PEARCE MINES— An Ari
zona Sketch G. W. Pittock
A STUDY OF MONTEREY (Drawing)
Francis McComas
THE GIRL OF CALIFORNIA (Verse)
.*. it Dorothy Miller
illustrated from photographs by Adelaide
I Hanscom.
LOS GATOS OF THE FOOTHILLS
, / W. R. L. Jenks
FROM THE DIARY OF A PLAIN DOG
.Wlnfield Hogabodm
CALIFORNIA VIOLETS (Verse)
...S. E. A. Higglns
A CORNER OF HIS* HEART— A Christmas
gt or y Ednah Robinson
Illustrated from drawing by Blanche Letcher.
THE VALLEY OF MYSTERY— An Oregon
Study Lischen M. Miller
THE RACE OF THE GIANTS (Verse). .......
...'..,...... ilTie Ancient Mariner
THE ARTIST IN KERN RIVER CANYON...
Illustrated by A. Methftssel. (
TOURING IN CALIFORNIA. .Arthur Inkersley
THE WORSHIP OF HEROES (Essay)........
The Christmas Number of Sunset
Magazine
COVEU* DESIGN— Children^ of the Wlld ;: at
Chrtetma- Time H* . . ; J. O. Brubaker
FRONTISPIECE — "Beneath Her Sacred Green
She Stood" Gertrude Partlngton
THE MISTLETOE— A Fantasy of -^California
(Verse) ...Carolus Ager
BEC \USE OF THE BABY— A < California
Christmas Story Flora Halnes Loughead
Illustrated from drawings by Maurice del
Mue.
BURNING^ICCO.OOO WORTH OF BONDS
f ....." Mary Edith Griswold
CHRISTMAS OX THE RANGE— Four Full-
Page Color Drawings L. Maynard Dlxon
CALIFORNIA'S CHRISTMAS (Verse).
Alberta Bancroft
The local labor unions of this city
have ¦ forwarded , the Fort Bragg
strikers $579 5<V' through the San
Francisco Labor Council during the
present month.
. Mlllmen's Union No. 423: President, 1 ; H. J.
Schober; vice president, Thomaa O'Brien; .re
cording secretary, E. J. Daly; financial sec
retary. J./G. Fallon; treasurer, Thomas ;Mc-
Gulre; auditors-^ wt . H. Kocher. Fredi Man-.
Chester, William, Lasrave; ..warden, IY> Man
chester;- conductor; H. Strell; trustee Organized
Labor, W.*H.Beamlss; trustee.' 'John' D. Slfe
ler: delegates to District Council of ¦• Carptn
ters—H. J Schober. Joseph S Sullivan, . Frank
Prendergast. George Gtllroor*. '. "Joseph- Ackern
son.* John ., Ramsey ;' delegates to Building
¦Trades feounoll— Thomas McGulrtv '.James Bell, ;
Thomas O'Brien. H. Marchon, Thomas Far
mer,. W. H.; Beamiss, J. G.Fallon; trustee for
Progressive Mill Company, J. Sullivan. '*¦. -s
Machlna Hands' -Union No. 27 : President.
D. 'J. Murray: vice president, H. S. Carr; re
cording secretary. George Gill: flnanclal' secre^
tary. 'J. C. Smith: treasurer, John Jones: trus
tee. '"D. McLennan: executive board — Edward
Corcoran, J. F. Woodslde, Lee "Weaver, E. M.
Taylor and J. O. Smith; deleeates ¦ to Iron
Trades Council— D. McLennan, D. J. Murray
and F. Jennings; delegates to : Labor Council —
T. A. Rosa and D. McLannan.
. Shoe Reoalrers' Union — President. G.. Scol
lard; vice president, G. Ludwlg; recording sec
retary, J. J. Washbum: financial secretary,
F. Pederson; treasurer, J. O. Brown; sentinel,
M. S. Roza; sergeant at arms, E. Anderson.
, Furniture, Carpet and Drapery Salesmen's
Association: President. J. J. Shaffer; first
vice president, C. L. Oakes; second vice presi
dent. E. Bocdcfeld; secretary, J. -M. Noonan;
financial secretary, L. Samuel ; treasurer, W.
E. Hanauer: guard. S. J. Miller; » trustees —
J. A. Nelson, J. L. Neuman and J. F. Kltter
man; deleeates to the Labor Council — S. Sha
ben and J. J. Shaffer; delegate* to the De
partmental Council of Retail . Clerks — C. L.
Hulse, C. L. Oak<"8, J. F. Kltterman, G.'Sha
ben and J. William*.
Picture- Frame ¦ Workers' Union No. 147:
President, H. Gabel; vice president, Daniel
Walsh; financial secretary, O. Schultz; record-
Ing secretary. A. Chaine; J treasurer, William
Geertz; warden. James Hughes; trustees^ —
George Hauser and F. Gallagher: delegate to
Labor Council, O. Schults.
The following unions have elected
officers for the 'ensuing terms as fol
lows: : ¦ ' ."..-. . . ; '
Officers to Serve Organizations Dur
ing the Coming Year Are Selected
by Workers of the City.
VARIOUS LABOR UNIONS
HOLD ELECTION
The committee ordered the report to
be transmitted to the Mayor pursuant
to charter provisions, so that his Honor
may take such steps «s are necessary
to collect the amount of the shortage.
The committee also adopted the rec
ommendations of the experts for re
forms in the conduct of the County
Clerk's office. These include the es
tablishment of the civil service in the
office, the use of typewriters/ for re
cording instead of penwork, the em
ployment of a cashier to: receive and
receipt for every amount paid into the
office; that no courtroom clerk be per
mitted to accept filings; that one clerk
be designated to take all affidavits and
that only he have custody of the seal
of the office; that a file clerk and three
assistants . keep in order^all.'-the flies
of general use; that there^be one re
cording room for the office sunder the
supervision of a chief copyistrthat fees
be required for declarations or. natur
alizations; that there be an interchange
of reports between the^Clerk'.s office
and Treasurer's office" 'onV/.lnheritance
tax collections. ' . i ' •¦ '¦ ' ; *¦ ¦ .
Total shortage $36.0S5 22
This amount, J36.0S5 22, according to
the experts, represents the actual
shortage in the collection , of fees in
the probating "of estates, of which
$21,568 65 is due from open causes alone.
$10,853 42
Due from Public Adminis
trator F\ A. Drlnkhouse.
Dean administration $1,137 CO
Due from Public Adminis
trator P. Boland, Dean
administration 2.019 85
Balance due i 10,453 CO
\ . ¦ 13,610 05
Due from Public-Adminis
trator John ' Farnham.
Mahony administration... S1.2S7 00
Balance due 10.304 75
11.831 75
The Supervisors* Finance Committee
yesterday approved the findings of
facts In the report of the experts in
the matter of alleged Irregularities In
the probate department of the County
Clerk's office and to that extent and
no further adopted the same as its
own. The CQmmittee drew the follow
ing conclusion after a careful scan
ning of the experts' report and hearing
the explanations thereof by Douglas
Young, under whose supervision the ex
pertlngr of the books and accounts of
the department Involved was prose
cuted:
It appear* from the experts' report that de
falcations have occurred between March 28,
1S95. and July 1, 1003, In the Couniy Clerk's
office and there Is unaccounted for the sum
of $36.OS5 Zi, shown by the tabulated state
ment filed by the experts and segregated as
follows:
Due from rublle Adminis
trator A. C. Freese. Curry
administration $1.7M 21
Balance due * . ».1T9 21
Makes Recommendations for Re
forms in the Administration
of the County Clerk's Office
TO COLLECT MONIES DUE
Supervisors' Finance Committee
Adopts Findings Regarding
Shortages in Probate Cases
REPORT GOES
TO THE MAYOR
WILL DISCUSS
SCHOOL TOPICS
California Teachers' Associa
tion to Convene in This City
on December Twenty-Eighth
Remembers Kindness in Will.
The will of Johanna Sohle Kath
erine Barrle was nied for probate yes
terday. She leaves her $5000 estate to
Amalie Freidnauer, her niece, and her
two children, and . announces in the
will that she neglects to provide (for
her other relatives for the reason that
they never accorded ,her the treat
ment she felt in her mind she had a
right, to expect. G. J. . O. Folte is
named as executor in the will. •
Playing cards, game counters. . poker
chips, dominoes, chess -and checkers in
elegant cases for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Cx. 741 Market street. •
The Wilmerding and Lick District
Improvement Club has petitioned the
Board of Supervisors to declare Kan
sas street, between Eighteenth and
Mariposa, a nuisance and recommend
that it be ; abolished. The 'petitioner
states that the owner, of the property
on both sides of the street, a Mr. Mor
row, refuses to be interviewed in refer
ence to improving his property.
Says Street Is a Xuisance.
The thirty-seventh annual session of
the California Teachers* Association
will convene In San Francisco Decem
ber 2S. 29, 30 and 3L The San.Fran
cisco Teachers' Institute will be merged
into the association for this session.
The general sessions will be held at
the Alhambra Theater daily from 2
until 4:30 o'clock. Among the speakers
on the general programme are: Arnold
Tompkins, principal of Chicago Normal
School; S. H. Clark, dramatic reader
of University of Chicago; Governor
George C. Pardee; Thomas J. Kirk,
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion; Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz; "Wil
liam H. Laydon, Superintendent of San
Francisco schools; Thomas P. Wood
ward, president of San Francisco Board
of Education; James A. Foshay, Su
perintendent of Los Angeles schools;
Morris E. Dailey, president of San Jose
State Normal School: Fred T. Moore,
Superintendent of Alameda schools; O.
W. Erlewine, Superintendent of Sacra
mento schools and president of Califor
nia Teachers* Association.
The music for the convention will be
furnished mainly by the pupils of the
San Francisco School Department. A
'programme of musical excellence will
be presented. . :^Cy K •~i •<> ;;¦
The deoartment of education of the
California Club, under the direction of
Mrs. J. W. Orr, will decorate two rooms
In the Mission High School building to
illustrate schoolroom decorations and
picture study. ,
There will be class demonstrations to
Illustrate the teaching of reading, mu
sic, physical culture and cooking. The
Manual Training and Drawing Teach
ers* Association will 'make a largejsx
hlblf in the gymnasium of the Mis
sion Hieh School. There will be no
evening sessions except for the purpose
of entertainment.
Eulogizes Dead Jurist.
Judge Cabaniss adjourned his court
yesterday In respect to the memory
of ex-Judge William Caldwell, who
died Friday ; morning. In eulogy of
the virtues of the deceased Jurist the
court said that his most conspicuous
and commendable quality, was an in
nate spirt of courtesy reflective of ex
cellent rearing. An absolute devotion
to the interests of his clients was an
other trait worthy of emulation by all
practitioners of law. "Judge Caldwell
identified himself absolutely with his
client." said the court, "and did all
that his-learhing and experience pos
sibly could have done to avail the lat
ter; yet that samecourtesy of manner,
taking'. in r that instance the form of a
regard for the" feelings of other's, en
abled him to do ¦ all 'this without, so
far as my knowledge goes, the making
of i even" one J "enemy." The motion to
adjourn court was made by Attorney
Walter Gallagher.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Superior Judge Buckles of Solano
County fined M. George $200 yester
day- for catching fish with a small
mesh net. Police Judge March of Sac
ramento fined M. Morgan of the
American Fish Company $25 for hav
ing trout in' his possession during the
close season. R: Webb of Jackson
thanked A- Jones of Ham Station In
the columns of the Jackson Ledger for
i sending him some" venison and was arv 1 )
rested by Fish Commission deputies ¦
yesterday for having dser meat In his
possession.
Keduced rates on household goods to A from
the Ea«t & South. Bekin'a. 11 Mont«omerT «C •
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic ar.*
Til E SAN FRANCJ SCO/ ,CATX; SUNDAY; \ DECEMBER 13, 1903.
34
N ADVERTISEMENTS. V
I USEFUL AND ELEGANT |
I Holiday Gifts j
P- T 7 "• * r'A^+ci A Free S
I ' WaiStS yOalS / to^paJts I 1
I Eurs Feather Boas |
§ Merchandise Orders -Sold Good . x
js . . in All ' Depflrtments. '..•,••;• .
I L/iiiiieaii, inc. §
I H2-114*116 Kearny Street |
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Our Entire Extra ria« CoV>
. - . lectioa ot
Oriental Rugs
r ANI) CURTAINS .
&SAt 2? Pbr Cent
f^om xe«rnUr retmll prtcea. [
V . ", .W^t*^»T|S<STe'»jent» for • ?
JOHN CfiOSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED' ENGLISH -CARPETS
Chas. JH. Plum & Go.
I Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
v *~ ."; "advertisements. . ... .. \,
o*eee0seeeo09eaeee«e««aeoo««e«aeoee»ooae8eei
| EXTRA (SPECIAL VALUE IN
iijfSjif^ Children's-
S W*l' % ilk
5 f''Ww&" We will offer, Monday, Dec. 14th,
% 1 ¦$$&%& one °^ t ! ie g reates t values ever conceived
6 M IU Pm in a ChiId ' s oat lt is not an ordinary
9 $ I I"*'' B^K sale— these are exceptionally desirable
• W ffiwiMv Childrens Coats. Made with full
© ly'MSF^ sleeves - Velvet trimmed Capes, gold
• , buttons. In full length. Ages from 6
• ; .^h!?*^~ to 14 years; in colors, brown, green,
• :;r ~ "~*-^ nav y "~" worth $7.50. Sale price
• $5.00 Coat.
I Misses' Nobby Suits
I At Reasonable Prices
• In Lonj? Coats and Short. Blouse effects' "arid Military trimmings.
• These. are -special styles 'created for Misses' Wear who desire the
• newest conceptions in fashionable suits. Prices ranjte f rom . . . . .
O • • • T ........ .911.50 to 935.OO
• The.Most Sensational
• Hat Purchase of the Season
5 # We have purchased, from a large New York hat manufacturer
q his entire stock of street and ready-to-wear hats. They consist of
9 the very best styles of the season, made from velvet and fancy felt
9 braids m a wonderful variety of styles in. -both black- and colors.
• There are Toques., Turbans. Flaring Shape and Round Shot-Back
© Sailors. They will be placed on sale Saturday in Millinery Depart-
• ment. at less than half their actual worth. •
• LOT 1— Hats worth $3.50 at '.. 91.50
0 LOT 2— Hats worth $5.00 at .......'. $2.25
• .-" ; — - — ¦ ; ¦
I Si.?DtDavis & Co
% ConSQaryStandSrantCive.
% Agents Royal Worcester Corsets. .
Holiday Goods
All our importations for the HOLIDAY TRADE have
been received and are -now ready for Inspection. We
are showing a most complete assortment of Fancy
and Staple Goods at our usual LOW PRICES.
Ladles' Noyeltu Satin ani Silk Opera Bags,
From $125 to $8.00 Each
Ladles' Noyeltu Belts, In Kid, Walrus and Satin,
From 75c to $3.50 Each
Ladles' Fine Ostrich Featner Boas, ltf , VA, 2 and 2#
Bards In length, ;^m
' ' From $1050 to $45.00 Each
Ladles' Fur Scarfs, In Mink, Saulrrel, Beaver and
Nutria,
From $2.00 to $30.00 Each
Ladles' Chain Purses, In all the leading colors, also
From 50c to $15.00 Each
Fancu Silk stocks, plain, hemstltchel and
embroidered,
From 50c to $250 Each
Ladles' Point Yenlse Lace Collars, in Cape and Stole
effects,
From $1.50 to $20.00 Each
Ladies' Llhertu Silk Ruffs, In Black and Black and
White,
From $2.00 to $1250 Each
Ladles' Real Duchesse and Point Yenlse Stock Col-
lars, I
. . From $150 to $8.00 Each
7 Ladles' and Gents' Linen Initialed Handkerchiefs,
$1.00, $150, $225 and $3.00 Box (^ B f £ am )
Our Glove orders make very acceptable Christmas
Gifts and are received In all departments for any
other goods. _w______
. ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. /
EXPERT OPTICIAir.
George Mayerle's 'Glasses
.. .. Air szesz^xorr
XMASGIFT
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Who used George Mayerle' 9 glasses durinc th»
Spanish-American War. and Is still using them
with much- satisfaction, highly recommends
Mr. GeorgA Mayerle. and sends the following
testimonial:
Mr. George Mayerle, German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071 Market at., 8. P. — My Dear 8lr: I
am still using with much satisfaction the.
glasses you sent me at Manila: also. th« new
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Tours very truly.
":.'{}' GEOUGE DEWEY.
Sister Mary Baptist
Slater of Mercy, Mt. St. Mary's, Qrass
Valley, Cal, say*:
X am perfectly delimited with ths
glasses yon made for me.
SISTSB MAEY BAPTIST,
Sister or Mercy.
rrom BEV. HENRY S. WTMAJT. C.S J?.
St. Mary's Church, 628 California St.
Mr. George Mayerle — Dear Sir: The glavses
which you sent ma suit me exactly. Th«
longer I use them the better I like them. It
affords me great pleasure to recommend you
to others. Very sincerely yours,
REV. HEXRY H. WYMAN. C. 8. P.
rrom ozzr. wax. b. ssattsb.
Mr. George Mayerle. San Francisco — Dear
Sir: Th* glasses made by you received yester-
day. I have never been better fitted than with.
this pair. Very truly yours.
Wll R. SHATTER.
Major General U. S. A. •
Office Chief of Folloe.
It give* me much pleasure to recommend
to the public Mr. George Mayerle of San Fran-
cisco. I have been using glasses for the past
six years, and during that time hav« consulted
several opticians, but not until 1 had con-
sulted Mr. George Mayerle and had him fit
glasces to my eyea did I get entire satisfac-
tion. Mo»t respectfully.
J. H. ANDERSON". Sergeant of Follce.
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
1432 Laguna St., San Francisco.
George- Mayerle — Dear Sir: I am so very
much pleased with the glasses you made for me
that I feel constrained to volunteer lay hearty
commendation of your work. I . ha>ve used
glasses for forty-five years. Durlnr'all this
period I hare never been so well suited. 1 now
enjoy comfort heretofore denied mr. I wish
that I bad met you years ag». Very truly
yours, J. W. ANDERSON.
Ex-Superintendent of Public Instruction • for
California.
georgeIFayerle
German Expert Optician. Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 KASXET STKET. 2TEAB 7TS.
Opposite Hibernla Bank. Telephone South 572.
German crip
Eyewater, wviu
By Mall 68o. . -
. EYE3 EXAMINED rEEE.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - - | . _-;^;- n^.^.. i
- *• :-.— -: . " ' ¦ ¦*
;'. j . Open Evening* .TTntll Qhrtotmm. ¦ ' ;~ \ ¦¦.
K^^^^^^^ t Children's and Misses'
/ dSiSi» Sir' WHITE BABY LAMB
*#&&? <Jrffl SETS, with muff and collar to
?^raL fective'ly trimmed with white
jSSjjwtej^af > ejik cord; silk ornaments on
muff and collar: this sea-
son's newest effects; $.1.50
r$0Ss8p REAL SQUIRREL SETS;
l$y*&! ' i I fPP??il trimmed with fur heads;
m'- ; <Ej/ Si kSl ribbon bows and ourse;
l(fvnO^w -..special oo^uu
¦^^v/,-^^^1^ WHITE CONEY SETS,
A*« 7^=^ \T«»^ trimmed with real ermine tails:
1! /J?^ vSpy^jl muff and satin bow and purse
ji IE^ r -' ¦•!^>^y^'^4 attached; collar to match: rcjj-
| *!?"* yS----- : y " SPECIAL* * * Vfci OU
ji WHITE THIBET SETS, with muff and collar: made from
¦ select skins; fur guaranteed not to drop out: CQ Rfl
& S5.50 value. SPECIAI : QOiJU
j Children's White Dresses
l| Xo store offers such a complete and varied assortment as
jj will be found here. You can depend upon the styles, make
Ij and finish. Note the remarkably low prices:
(j CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES, daintily tucked and
jj trimmed with neat embroideries and laces.
I 50c 75c $1.00 St.*.
I CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES, handsomely trim-
I med with lace and embroidery; neck and sleeves orna-
|j mented with ribbon bows, ,
$1.50 $2.50 $3.00 £-.*.
1 CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES, all hand made of
I] the daintiest and sheerest materials. Neatly CO flfl and
I hand embroidered ..OtiUU u p.
I DAINTY WEAR for INFANTS L
Ij Nowhere can the complete outfitting of infants be done
l] to better advantage. Our line of both hand and machine
made garments is a revelation of unmatchabje daintiness.
Manufacturing largely under the most favorable conditions.
we are able to offer inducements not procurable elsewhere
as to stvle. aualitv and price.
INFANTS' HAND-CROCHETED BOOTEES.l 5c and ud
INFANTS' HAND-CROCHETED SACQUES.25c and up
INFANTS' HAND-CROCHETED CIRCULAR
SHAWLS :....'..... .91.50 and up
INFANTS' PINNING BLANKETS 35c and up
INFANTS' FLANNEL SKIRTS $1.00 and up
INFANTS' NAINSOOK SKIRTS 50c and up
INFANTS' SLIPS 45c and uo
INFANTS' LONG COATS. . .92.50, $3.00, S3.5O and up
INFANTS' SHORT COATS.?2.75. $3.50, $5.00 and up
;j Merchandise Orders issued for Christmas Presents.
918-922 Market Street.
Exclusive Pacific Coast agents for the "ARNOLD" goods ana
DR. GROSVENORS GERTRUDE GARMENTS. Send for free
booklet.
Our Fall and Winter Catalogue contains a ¦ complete line of »
" stylish wear for women and children. It will be sent free upon
request, n
« 1 n»iiiniw« ¦ -in •¦mnnrmwirwr— rntrva -it h — ¦ »m -rrii"i ¦ i mm n t j. 4 _ ¦ i_£? 't*S
ADVEEtTISEMENTS. 7 r :
f^/^ A GROUP OF \2Jlfe?
i MW NOBLE INSTRUMENTS jSMmk
; « VhrTA W The world's best Pianos ar^ h»rf. T& NWll fl P$T
\jS \VVr£J V worthily displayed In the oldest piano •
V3l * — ' \ hou5* In the West, nnd we're always II 'ft UlWJBSLt
• JjjgL rtady to prove their superiority.
JLJhiy— "^* CHICKERING «/ v ?5^
*&Jr T. The One True Best. ST C$^
y» & / VOSB 7 /^ 1
/ r\ J / A Perfect Example of Piano Strength. / /\r /Sk
\ & STERLING v \^V Mar
>y^ /®a}yBL Correct in Construction — Rich in J ¦^* m<^JLf
\y& ?'.**"* We have the best in- J W$!li~-^l tF"-"
¦'. »W " * ? v " etruments, the best show- j Aj /¦«'%? I/A
«Y f. it 2 . I I rooms and the finest stock Aj > *-" - I Mm '
I ft'* >' • /* V , cf rnuslcal merchandise. JSTl "*• J tS
BENJ. eURTAZ & SON
• Solo Agents)
16 O'FarrcII St., S. F.
Opa Eratoa- ''-suIosb, llimsfla^ Frejio, stocktoiLawyers .Say Local
County Officers
Are Also Af
fected.
Casey and Hutton
Are in Danger
of Losing
Places.
1FEEL highly gratified to see
that the action of Mayor
Schmitz in 'removing the sur
vivors of the old Board of
Health and in suspending Ma
hony has been sustained by the
Supreme Court. Of course, I
took an interest in the case when
I learned of its character and
filed documents bearing on it.
. The decision also means tliat
the Mayor may remove county
officials as provided for in the
charter. I feel positive that
there will not be any wholesale
removals or any that may be
unnecessary. In view of this de
cision and in spite of the judg
ment of the Superior Court, the
members of the Board of Health
who have continued in office
since dismissal must now step
down and out. It certainly
makes the oilice of Mayor more
autocratic than it has hitherto
been considered by many, but
he is elected in accordance with
the terms of the charter and has
just the powers that lie has con
tended all along were his.
No one will be removed from
position by action of the Mayor
unless there is a good and suf
ficient cause therefor. The Su
preme Court decision will prove
of great benefit in the proper
administration of the affairs of
San Francisco. — A. Ruef on the
decision. :
ABE RUEF ASSERTS
MAYOR MAY REMOVE
COUNTY OFFICIALS
Continued on Paffc 41, Column 3.
Alleged Bunko Man Taken.
Joseph Sylvester was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor and Patrolman Jim Cavan
augh on Kearny street' and his name
entered on the detinue book at the
City Prison. v It is alleged that Syl
yesler is one of a trio of bunko men
that fleeced Luigl Bonfanti, a laborer
from Redwood City, out of $700 on
April 30 of this year. Thie crime was
committed in Oakland. Sylvester will
be taken to that city for trial.
California calendars and -art souvenirs
for the million. Eanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street ... . • '
The Civil Service Commission de
cided yesterday, to hold an additional
examination for positions ' of patrol
men ; in the . Police Department" on
some date, in the, latter part of next
month, yet to be selected.' The com
mission ascertained tHat there are now
but eight names on the eligible-list, of
'policemen'*' and these. are likely to] be
exhausted at any time by reason' of
'requisitions made by the Police Com
mission.
The Civil Service Commission Is de
sirous of securing an 'eligible 'list -of at
least 150 to be ready in. case of any
emergency that may, arise. ( The exact
date for, the examination .will 'be de
cided upon at next Monday night's
meeting. '¦'.: . '
Atth'e same.-meeting' the, commis
sion will Issue the'eligible. list for cap
tains in . the Police Department. ' There
are two vacancies to be filled, accord
ing ; to Commissioner Rogers.'- . One* Is
to succeed the late Captain Birdsall
and , the other Captain Dunleavy, who
Is said .to be desirous of retiring from
active duty. - ¦ ¦ .
Civil Service Commission -Decides to
FiU Up Exhausted Eligible List ;
Next Jloritli.
Ten Restaurants Closed.
Only ten of the forty restaurants
that closed their doors at the request
of the •' Restaurant Keepers' Associa
tion are closed. A large number open
ed for business yesterday by permis
sion, but will not sign the agreement
sent them by the union. No confer
ence w ; as held yesterday." Those that
opened agree to close again when
called upon by the association.
the marooned watchman the Interval
seemed more like forty hours. He
was not sure that the ' fisherman ha.4
understood and this uncertainly add*
ed to the certainty that the bars*
could not float much longer, gave aa
uncomfortable trend to his . thoughts.
An examination of the barge made
yesterday showed that , some of the
rock from. the, blown up pinnacle had
pierced her bottom. Soundings re
vealed a serious flaw in the dynamite
advocate's theory. The pinnacle no
longer existed as such, but in its de
struction the explosive had torn up
rock In all directions and piled it in
a towering cairn.
'-, Where there had been only a small
shaft to be dredged there is now a
massive pile of debris, all of which
must be moved before Wakefield &
Co. can consider 'the'r contract com
pleted.
WILL HOLD ADDITIONAL k.
POLICEMAN'S EXAMINATION
The remaining five Jurors were se
cured Friday afternoon in the case
of Frank J. Grundman, charged with
the murder of Sheridan. C. Chipman
at the offices of the Southern Pacific
Company, Fourth and Townsend
streets, on the afternoon of March 24.
The trial will be commenced on Mon
day morning. The twelve jurors are
D. W. Lohsen, 1812 Scott street;. J.
Feigenbaum, 2713 Clay street; John
A. Gill, 1573 Grove street; J. W. Al
len, 734 Capp street; Wolf Rosenberg,
2264 Franklin street; W. H. Jardine.
2056 Van Ness avenue; H. Blum, 1310
Kearny street; Abraham Eber, 1021
Ellis street; John T. Welby, 445C Te
hama street; Jerome Kendall, 119
Valparaiso street; Walter Hinckley,
370S Seventeenth street, and . J. H.
Stevensr' 310 Valencia street- ;
Grandman Jury Impaneled.
Burglars that have been operating
in the Western Addition still elude th«
detectives and Friday « night they
broke into the residence of A. Rees«
at 1546 Waller street, and, in addition
to $50 in coin, secured valuable Jew
elry and clothing. The crime was
committed while the family was
absent at the theater. The saloon of
Simpson & Nelll was looted early yes
terday morning. The- cash register
'was opened and 555 In cash taken.
Burglars Still Active
The removals, iin the language of the
Justices. 1 must be "for cause," -but not
necessarily "for^ cause shown." So it
is. left,' entirely. -.to'. the Mayor to deter
mine what shall } constitute "cause."
Every contention of !the contestants is
knocked . flat by ' the Justices in their
review, of the case.
The opinion is by Justice Lu
clen* Shaw, .with whom • Justices . An^
geUottr'and. Van; Dyke directly, coneurC
No one dissents, whlchTis evidence *that
He must,, however, send a communi
cation to the-.* municipal .'-legislative
body givlng ; notice/ of the removal and
stating his reasons - therefor. The City
Council of San Diego .or the Board of.
Supervisors of "San -Francisco may not
interfere, even if ', the removal is re
garded as ; unjust, jg , The official | ] who
may be affected has no redress at law,
according to the decision. \ ;-
The Mayor/must send him a note ac
quainting him. with "the fact that he is
minus his position. ,• He is not entitled
to a Kearing'andimay be left to guess
why he has been j removed. The court
says that ;the 'Mayor's action In' such
cases Is" summary and /without ante
cedent ; proceeding. > . ;
The court refuses td entertain any |
such view: of trie case? In ' speaking,
of the claim that 'a public office is a j
property rigrit, ' the Justices say:
"There is no doubt that It is erroneous.
A public office Is a^mere public agency
created by the people for the purpose
of the administration of the necessary
functions of. organized society, and the .
agency may at any time be terminated
by the power which created it."
The contestants also averred that
the Mayor in removing an official ex
ercised judicial; power .-.with, which he
is not vested. The court admits that
the authority on this point- Is conflict
ing. In some cases it Is admitted that
the Mayor cannot remove an official
without giving' both a notice and a
hearing. Where the Mayor appoints
officials, however, he has the author
ity to remove them for cause, says the
court. Otherwise, it is said, the Judi
ciary would have to superintend the
administration of the executive depart
ment of government. .
It is explained that the appointments
are made by, the Mayor as an official
and not as 'an Individual, thus opening
the way for the removal of municipal
officers appointed -by a predecessor. It
is set forth clearly that the authority
to dismiss' an official for "cause is vest
ed wholly in the office. of Mayor, and«
that; his actions along such lines are
not subject to % re vie w. / . ,
MUST; STATE REASONS. ' ,<
COURT DISAGREES.
be taken from any individual without
due process of law. Various legal opin
ions are quoted In support of this con
tention.
Ruef contends that the court's opin
ion establishes the right of the Mayor
to remove county officers as well as
his own .appointees, and some of the
city's leading'lawyers seem inclined to
agree with him. It would appear from
the argument that the Zlayor has the
right at least' to suspend county- offi
cers in accordance with the charter
provisions." ,'
When, Mayor Schmitz attempted to
put Countv Clerk Mahony on the rack
and to throw the doctors appointed by
Phelan off the Board of Health he was
stopped. by the courts. - The* Supreme
Court's opinion shows that he acted
within his rights in the second case
and gives the inference that he was
lighten 'the -first" ;.-'
It Is«not at all unlikely that Hutton
will be sorry, that he did not act as
was expected of him on the/ Police
Commission,, and that- Casey may go
back to his team with the regret that
he, , like j Caesar, became' "ambitious"
when elevated to a high position. Some
of Fhelan's appointees are also some
what alarmed, although the gratified
Alie Ruef declares that there will be
no "unnecessary" removals.
the law on the, subject is plain. A pe
tition for a rehearing -and for a re
submission of the case to the court in
bank will undoubtedly be filed by the
cc-ntestants. Rehearings are rarely
granted and more rarely is change of
decision affected.
MEMBERS OF THE STATE SUPREME COURT WHO JOINED IN A DE
¦ CISION THAT HOLDS IN EFFECT THAT MAYOR SCHMITZ HAS
POWER TO REMOVE MEMBERS OF MUNICIPAL BOARDS.
A . belated /fishing boat just then
hove in sight. J Lupke hailed, 'the fish
erman and asked him to. send assist
ance from the. shore. The fisherman
understood and notified C. A. McNeil],
the boatman, who dispatched a launch
to Lupke> aid and at 9 o'clock the
night watchman was rescued from" the
then waterlogged .barge.
* The water was knee deep on deck
when succor arrived, but the watch
man's/physical ¦' discomfort was slight
compared ¦."¦with-, his 'mental suffering^
Help reached Lupke forty " minutes
after he * hailed the fisherman, but ' to
About 7 o'clock Lupke heard water
swishing. in the hold. He rigged a
small pump^ but soon found. its pow
ers of .suction all Inadequate to cope
•with the flood that poured through
the rapidly opening seams. The fast
er^ he -pumped the- higher rose the
water and when" the deck began to
look like a lake Lupke realized thu*
seriousness of his predicament.
HAILS FISHERM AN. . '
"I have a scheme for finishing this
job at one stroke," announced an em
ploye. He suggested dynamite and
proved In theory that the explosive
in a second .'woufd do more than the
dredger's teeth could J accomplish in
a week. Previous experiments with
giant powder had been disappointing,
but the enthusiasm of, the man with
the idea prevailed over the better
judgment of the contractors- and a
small charge of the explosive was
loaded, under the employe's direction,
at the base"-of the pinnacle.
The dynamite was exploded on Fri
day, just .before the " men left for the
night. . A great commotion followed
the , explosion, the " force of which
heejed. the barge on her beam ends.
She righted . and, being apparently
none the worse\ for the.^jar, the day
• workers' went ashore.
The dredging barge moored at
Blossom Rock foundered on Friday
r.ight as a result of having her seams
Jarred open by a blast of dynamite
and in the sinking of the craft Joseph
Lupke, night watchman for the con
tractors, narrowly escaped death by
drowning.
Wakefield & Co. have the contract
for removing enough off the top of
Blossom Rock to bring its highest
peak thirty feet below the level of low
water. The barge, which has been
moored near the rock during the op
erations, was equipped with a dredg
ing derrick, and diving gear. The
divers, engineers and laborers engag
ed/on the work were taken ashore
each afternoon and the barge left in
charge of .Watchman Lupke.
The contract was almost completed.
Soundings showed a depth of thirty
feet in all but one place and that
where stood a pinnacle of hard, ob
stinate' rock. Dredging had been
slow work, but certain, and the orig
inal intention was to have dredged
away that remaining pinnacle.
'employe has scheme.
Mayor Frank P. Frary of San Diego
sent a letter of dls'misal to Fire Com
missionerE. J. Carter. The last named
official thought the city's chief execu
tive lacked the authority to take such
action, and appealed to the courts
through a petition for a writ of certio
rari. The lower court denied his peti
tion, and an appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court. * :.' '
The language of the charters- of the
municipalities of San Diego* and San
Francisco happens to be practically
identical in respect to the Mayor's pow
er to remove appointees for cause. It
is stated in the , charters that the
Mayors shall appoint all officers whose
election or appointment". is; not other
wise specifically provided, for in the
charters or by-law; that they shall
have power, to remove,, for cause, any
persons holding office by their respec
tive, nominations or appointments, and
that In case of such removals written
notices thereof shall, be filed with. the
respective municipal legislative bodies.
In view of this similarity in the:pro
visions of the two charters the lawyers
all agree that this > decision- in . the San
Diego case applies directly /.; to ' San
Francisco, and. the Justices of . the /Su
preme Court were formally apprised of
such contentions through the brief filed
by Abe Ruef. The ; attorneys [. for: Car
ter and amlca curlae asserted that pub
lic office i is a ' property, which" may 'not
REMOVES OFFICIAL.
The court has thus greatly increased
the autocracy of the government of
San Francisco. Attorney Ruef assev
erated last night that county officers
were also affected by the decision. The
opinion does not make any such state
ment, though it leaves the question
open to "argument or further litigation.
The case on which the Supreme Court
decision is based had its origin in the
city of San Diego.* When the points In
volved became known to local politi
cians Ruef intervened with a brief. The
whole thing has been done very quietly
and few outsiders had any Idea that the
local dispute wouia be settled until a
decision had been rendered in the
Board of Health case. The opinion is
sweeping in its terms and not a Justice
dissents. > 1 •
The politicians. are practically unan
imous In the assertion that this means
that Drs. R. W. Baum, W. B. Lewitt
and V. P. Buckley, survivors of the
Phelan Board of Health; Michael Casey
of the ,Board of Public Works and H.
W. Hutton. of the Police Commission
will be the first to get the ax. As the
decision distinctly states that the ap
pointing power is vested not in the In
dividual, but in the office, other ap
pointees of ex-Mayor Phelan may, also
be turned out into the cold world.
The Mayor of San Francisco may re
move at pleasure all officers appointed
by .himself or his predecessors. The
modus operand! Is to send a commu
nication to the individual affected say
ing "You are removed for cause." The
proceeding is not subject to judicial re
view. Such Is the effect of a decision
rendered by the Supreme Court yester
day. * .
Night t "Watchman on a Craft
Moored at Blossom Rock
• Narrowly Escapes Drowning
GIANT POWDER
WRECKS BARGE
The woman had been restored to
capacity, however, and he was satis
fied she was not a proper person to be
at large. «•
"How much did you say, Judge?"
queried Mrs. Etta Fitzgibbon when she
had been sentenced, by . Judge Cook
yesterday morning to serve fourteen
years in San Quentin for assault to
commit murder. • ; . .
"Fourteen years," replied the Judge.
"What, forty years?"
"Xo, fourteen years," and the Judge
raised his voice. ' t
"Oh, well, that ain't so bad," and a
6mile overspread the prisoner's face.
Mrs. Fitzgibbon fired five bullets
into Joseph E. Gagan, a young man.
at her rooms at 873 Market street on
May 3. When she came up for trial
before Judge Cook a question was
raised as to her sanity. Bhe was tried
and convicted of the charge of assault
to murder, but when examined by the
Insanity Commissioners they declared
that she was irresponsible and she was
sent to the insane asylum at Napa on
October 10 and sentence suspended.
Last Tuesday Dr. Elmer E. Stone,
medical superintendent at the asylum,
sent a certificate to Judge Cook that.
in his opinion, the woman was not In
sane, although a degenerate of the
criminal type, and should be punished
for her crime.
When she appeared for sentence
and was asked if she had anything to
say' she mads a rambling statement
that she defended herself because she
was being choked. The Judge said it
was not the first assault of the kind she
had made. He thought when she was
brought before him that she was not
of- sound mind and the Commissioners
fouTid ' her so and sent her to an
asylum, but the . authorities of the
asylum had sent her back. He said
he thought they had better be there
a little longer and know their busi
ness better before they undertook to
set up their opinions against seyeral
reputable physicians here.
Judge Cook Orders Mrs. Etta
Fitzgibbon Confined in San
Quetin for Fourteen Years
PLEASED WITH
HER SENTENCE
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
114S Center street, Dec. 12.
Professor Jacques Loeb of the physi
ological department of the University
of California has Just completed a
series of experiments to ascertain the
relative toxicity to marine animals of
distilled ¦water, sugar solutions and
eolutions of the various constituents
of sea water that have produced re
markable results.
The experiments have led the distin
guished physiologist to no less a con
clusion than that sea water is a physi
ologically balanced salt solution for the
animals contained in it, and that the
serum of an animal is a similar solu
tion in relation to the tissues of an
animal.
"It is a solution," cays Dr. Loeb, "in
which there Is a mutual prevention of
the poisonous actions which the indi
vidual constituents have if they are
alone in solution. If the changes of
the concentration of the individual
constituents of such a physiologically
balanced solution take place within
certain narrow limits one can call
forth in the tissues properties which
they do not normally possess, such as
the artificial parthenogenesis, rythmi
cal twltchings and the increase in the
irritability of the muscles and nerves.
I am of opinion that this point of view
¦will prove fruitful in pathology, espe
cially in the study of nervous dis
eases."
The experiments were carried on
With marine animals, they being sub
jected to distilled water and other so
lutions to determine how long the res
piratory movements persisted. They
were suggested by the discoveries of
other investigators, who made experi
ments on the cause of the poisonous
action of distilled water on marine an
imalB, which led to the unexpected re
rult that certain animals die as quick
ly in sugar solutions Isosmotic with sea
water as in distilled water.
Dr. Loeb found that If the species
Cammrus be transferred suddenly
from 6ca water into distilled water the
breathing of the animal always ceases
in about half an hour, and sometimes
much sooner. If the animals are re
placed directly after the cessation of
breathing back into the sea water they
recover. If about ten minutes or longer
elapse no recovery takes place. The
Eojourn in the distilled water causes
chances In the abdominal ganglia of
the animals, which become in a short
time irreversible, and from this the
death cf the animal results.
At first Dr. Loeb was of i.he opinion
that the entrance of the distilled water
into the tissues was responsible for
the fatal action; but he finds this idea
restricted by the discovery that if the
animals be transferred to a pure sugar
Bolution of about the same osmotic
k pressure as that of sea water in which
they live the respiratory movements
cease In about as short a time as in
distilled water. In other words, a su
gar solution almost isomotic with sea
water is Just as poisonous as distilled
water.
SCIENTISTS CONCLUSION.
On this point Dr. Loeb Btates his
conclusions to be as follows:
We must draw the following conclusions
from then? experiments: Hither th» distilled
•water acts In a tnxlc way by t-merlns into
the titeutf. in which case, however, the tis
fu«« of the anlmsl mutt be Just as .permeable
for the Fugar a? the distilled •water: or the
toxic action of the distilled water lor Cam
itieiu* in ti'-pendert especially on the fact that
• ertain raits or iofis diffuse from the animals
ir.to the <Jift!lled water. With this assump
tion it would be clear, without further <3ig
ruwion. why an isosmoUe or a dilute sugar
solution if Ju?t as jioieonous for the animal
• r <iirtilled water. Whether the permeability
cr the superficial layers of tb» cells is changed
cr net csrniot he decided by direct observation.
Another striking demonstration ex T
periment was Dr. Loeb's discovery that
diftillfd water increases in toxicity if
all the salts contained in sea water,
with the pxcrption of sodium chloride,
be added to it In the concentration In
which th^y are contained In sea water.
For the more practical uses of In
vestigation Dr. Loeb proposes that the
marine animals be divided into three
groups according to their behavior to
ward distilled water, the division to be
*£* follows:
rThe ftr« rroup consists cf forms for which
distilled water Is entirely harmless. To this
rroup animals euch as Fondu'.us belonir. The
»PBs of this animal do not ewfll if they ar«
toroupht suddenly from sea water Into distilled
Conclusion Reached in Experiments
With Sea Animals in Vari
ous Solutions.
Members of the Bohemian and Cca
mos clubs who are wont to congregate
within the walls of those two exclusive
establishments during- the late hours
of the afternoons missed from their
midst yesterday one of their associates
In the person of Edward K. Clarke, but
later their anxiety as to his where
abouts was relieved by a startling
piece of news which furnished food for
pleasant gossip until long after night
had cast its shroud upon the city.
Clarke forsook his club haunts on
Friday afternoon and crossed the bay
to Oakland, where at a few minutes
after midnight yesterday he was mar
ried, the bride being Mrs. Rosalind H.
Bower. Not the slightest intimation
was given by Clarke to his many
friends in this city of his matrimonial
intentions.
He quietly secured his wedding ring
the previous day from a downtown Jew
elry firm, sauntered up to the Bohe
mian Club, where he spent an hour or
so, and then disappeared. Friday, by
appointment, Mrs. Bow*erand Clark©
met in Oakland. Before they had real
ized the fact, however, the hour for,
closing the County Clerk's office had
come and gone and "as evening ad
vanced the couple began to appreciate
their annoying perplexity, for without
a license their marriage could not be
performed. In the : midst of .their di
lemma the prospective groom suddenly
thought of his friend, Hay Baker, the
Deputy County Clerk of Alameda
County, who was located shortly be
fore midnight 'and gladly went to the
assistance of the despairing pair. The
trio immediately proceeded | to the
County Clerk's office, where the license
was quickly issued, and from there the
Journey was made to the home of the
Rev. Mr. Van de Mark at 319 Eleventh
street, and the minister was aroused
from his slumbers and told the mean
ing of the midnight visit. After a
short wait he appeared and the cere
mony was duly performed.
Clarke is the son of Mrs. Jeremiah
Clarke, one of San Jose's well
known society women, who is now
traveling in Europe. Her husband has
been dead for many years, but he left
a-large estate, and the son's share was
in the neighborhood of $300,000. He has
only recently returned from a tour
through Europe himself, j He- was mar
ried in much the same way several
years ago, but his wife died about { a
year ago, and this is his second ven
ture.
Mr. acd Mrs. Clarke have gone to
his Los Guillcos Valley ranch in So
noma County to spend their honey
moon, at the conclusion of which they
will return to this city to reside for
the winter, preparatory to a trip -East.
Vows Taken With Only Official
and Pastor . Present and the
Couple Hie Themselves Away
to Ranch for Honeymoon
Asserts That Alteration ol
Serum Renders the
Fluid Toxic.
AROUSE CLERGYMAN
AND CLERK FROM BED
Dr. Jacques Loet)
Solves a Mystery
o! Disease.
E. K. Clarke, /Well Known in
San Francisco Club Circles,
and Mrs. Rosalind Bower Mar
ried in Oakland at Midnight
1DO not contemplate any
wholesale removals, because
there is no necessity for such
action on my part. All I care
to say is that the decision is
very gratifying to me, as it
practically indorses my course
in my attempt to remove cer
tain derelict officials, notably
the members- of the Board of
Health appointed by my pre
decessor in office. The decision
shows tliat I acted in accord
ance with the law as laid out in
the cliarter find that I did not
overstep my authority in the
least when I notified those of
ficials that I had removed them
for cause. Injunctions were
served upon me and I. was pre
vented from carrying out the
law as I understood it. I do not
think tliat I will take any un
due advantage which the deci
sion may afford me. — Mayor
Schmitz on the decision.
MAYOR SCHMITZ IS
GRATIFIED TO SEE
ACTION SUSTAINED
ANNOUNCES
WONDERFUL
DISCOVERY
WED WHILE
SLEEP LIES
UPON CITY
SUPREME COURT SUSTAINS BY INFERENCE THE ACTS
OF MAYOR SCHMITZ IN OUSTING DERELICT OFFICERS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,: DECEMBER 13, 1903.
THE State's highest tribunal declared yesterday in deciding a San Diego case exactly analagous to that of the Mayor against the survivors of the Phelan Board
of Health that the city's chief executive may remove at pleasure/ostensibly for cause, any official who. holds his position by virtue of an appointment from the
Mayor's chair. The judgment* sustains the action of Mayor Schmitz in removing- from office Doctors Baum, Williamson, Lewitt and Buckley. Politicians ex
pect that Commissioners Casey and Hutton will also be ousted from office. Schmitz and his legal adviser, A. Ruef, deny any intention of making wholesale re-,
morals of appointive officers.
Makes Removal of
the Phelan Board
of Health
Decision in a San
Diego Case Ap
plies to San ,-
Francisco.
wmmM> NEW YORK, Dec. 12.— "With a flash
of colors and with a whirling of wheels
that could be heard even # above the
roar that' went u'p from the throats of
23,000 enthusiasts, "V^'althour, for him
self and his team mate, Munroe, won
the six-day bicycle race at Madison*
Square Garden, which ended four min
utes past 10 o'clock to-night. Forty
yards separated "Walthour from Lean
der, who was second, being ten yards
ahead of Floyd Krebs. Behind him
came Fisher, an indifferent fourth. It
was a spectacular finish — made more
so by the fact that of the seven riders
four fell crashing in a heap just as
half the final, journey had been com
pleted.
At the bank on the Fourth avenue
Finish of the Contest nnd Are
Injured.
Four Riders Are Throhvn Xear the
SIX-DAY RACE IS WOX BY
WALTHOUR AND MUXROE
• ST. LOUIS, Dec. ,12.-^-An order was
issued by Chief .of Police; Klely i to-day,
prohibiting all boxing exhibitions flot
given by legitimate clubs. The ' con
test scheduled for next Thursday night
between Abe : Attell " and Harry,, Forbes
Forbes-Attell Mntch Is Off.
The Gray Son of Faraday, Beats Conk
ling antl J. P. Mayberry at New .
. Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 12.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Scorpio 1 won;
Van Ness second, Elsie L third. Time,
1:14 2-5.V-: "
Second race, five furlongs — Parislenne
won, Belle Mahone second, Tloga third.
Time, 1:02. ( -
Third race, seven furlongs—Mounte
bank won, Sea Sharp second,' Wreath
of Ivy third.. Time., 1:29 3-5. .. /
• ; Fourth race,- preliminary Derby hand
icap, about six furlongs— Dutiful won,
Conkling second, J. P. Mayberry third.
Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, onerhile andla sixteenth-
Sarah Maxim r won, Bard of Avon sec
ond. Past third. Time;. 1:53.
. Sixth race, one mile and a half, sell-
Ing— Adelante won, .The Bobby, second,
Siddons "third. Time, .2:43. /
DUTIFUL FINISHES FIRST
f IN PRELIMINARY DERBY
NAPA, Dec. 12. — Judge Gesford to
day sentenced Charles Burnham to
nine years in San Quentin. Burnham
recently pleaded guilty to a.charge of
burglary in the first degree. He
broke into D. C: Willis* saloon In Ca>
istoga and stole $50. in nickels. He
.was one of four -prisoners who es
caped from the county jail .Tuesday
night. ', . . v •' .
Nine 'Veal's for ft Burglar.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 12.—Mor
ley's coast league pennant- winners de
feated the Santa Barbara team to-day
in the first of a scries of championship
games to be played here by a score of
5 to 4. The game was won In the last
inning "after the Los Angeles players
had put up their bats and "practically
given up the game. Batteries— Gray
and Spies; McKay and Lewis.
Morley's Men Continue to Win.
Open stake, first round — Lily York beat
Homer Boy, 5-1- Little Lucy bent Moonbeam,
17-2; Soiala beat Pure Pearl, 3-2; Wedgewood
beat Molly Mac, 4-0; Coinlque beat Frisky
Barbara, 21-11 ; Haddlngton beat Master Wash
ington. 12-3; Lady Menlo beat Northern Lad,
24-0; Young Fearless beat Manru. 7-2; Little
Plunger beat Dartawny, 6-2: Firm Fellow beat
Adonis, 5-0; Golden Light beat Our Myra. 4-3;
Oremo beat Lost Girl, 0-7; Ftnoola beat* Bril
liancy. 3-0; Reckless Acrobat beat Sempronlun,
10-5; Jimmy Anthony bent Prometheus. 3-0;
Rich Argosy beat Doris. C-0; Half Moon "beat
Nora Hill, 7-4;" Northern Alarm beat Fenll,
4-3;.Orslna beat • Sergeant Major, C-0; Mark
Twain * beat Recruit,' 12-0; Don .Pedro beat
Belfast. 4-3; Gilmore Girl beat Topcy Turvy.
8-0; Sllevenamon boat Idaho Boy, 4-2: Doc
Burns beat Irish Lad, 3-2; Lord Giunard beat
There was Borne good coursing and
several surprises in the open stake yes
terday at Ingleside Park. The first trial
Jof the day was a disastrous one for
the big bettors. Homer Boy, which was
looked upon as a sure winner, lost to
Lily York, a 3 to 1 chance.
The day's results,' with Judge Thomas
Tlerney's official scores, follow: ii
Lily York Defeats Homer Boy at Odds
of Three to^Onc.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
The Fish Commission has taken sev
eral hundred striped bass, from San
Pablo Bay and placed them in the
mouth of-Santa Ana Creek. The rivers
of the State were stocked with 400
striped bass eighteen years ago and
the marketed product last year was
more. than 2,000,000 pounds.
A supply of golden trout from
streams near Mount Whitney rjas been
placed in four lakes of Inyo County.
Stock Waters With Fish.
Fort Wayne was backed down to 5
to 2 favoritism to win the Futurity
course run following and finished third.
Hildebrand got Nervator, a 7 to 1 shot,
away in front and ,\vas not headed.
Connell was slew to get Fort Wayne
at his work and lost the place >to Mo
corito. Matt Hogan, after being cut
off and messed about, ran a good
fourth.
All sorts of rumors were 'in circula
tion as to how fast H. L.' Frank had
worked. At any rate, the Cameron (en
try was plunged on to capture the flve
furiong two-year-old number, the price
being forced down from 7 to 3%. The
Mariner youngster not only won but
won -a' city .block, bejng eased up, in 1
minute flat. Military Man, which open
ed favorite, ran his race, finishing in
the nlace^ahead of The Cure.
Eight started in. the mile and a quar
ter selling fixture. Jed Lewis had the
mount on Chub, the favorite, and was
returned a handy winner over Position.
The Fretter took^ show honors^ from
Lacy Crawford. . .
Horatlus shouldered 106-pounds and
Iva Powell and annexed the mile and
a furlong handicap in racehorse fashr
Ion. The three-year-old enjoyed a
slight call in the betting over Dupont.
After indulging Eonlc with the lead for
a mile, Powell shook his mount up and
1 there was nothing to it. Eonlc held on
gamely, beating Veterano for the place.
XERVATOR NEVER HEADED.
Johnny Daly took the introductory
two-year-old sprint with his father's
colt. Judge. The black fellow ruled
equal favorite with Avenger and won
all the way. Had Bullman, on the
latter, not waited until nightfall be
fore making his run, the Schorr entry
would probably have won. Winifreda
was third.
After a short delay Dick Dwy.er dis
patched the big bunch to an excellent
break. FossU, down on the rail, al
most immediately showed first. Early
In the struggle, there was an; inclina
tion among the different riders to
wait, but it soon became apparent to
them that Fossil was not going to back
up. Jack Martin had Irldius in"-sec
ond position and at the head ; of the
stretch tried to grab the leader, '-i' A
furlong from home he looked . hope
lessly beaten, ceasing to cut a figure.
Knapp waited -for nothing, and Fossil
won easily ih 1:26 flat. After, a tor
tuous passage Jimmy Booker, on
Warte Nicht, threaded- his 'way
through from far back in the /rear
division, downing Princess Titania a
head for the place. San Nicholas held
on to fifth ' position for a" time," but
could not better It, finally finishing
eighth. Arabo never was a contender,
after getting away poorly, .,_._:.; "__
His win was all the mare remarkable ]
from the fact that Knapp's saddle slip
ped back on the gelding's haunches al
most and "Big Bill" passed the judges
Bitting as still as a toad floating down
stream on a sawmill chip. The bet
ting favored, Walter Jennings' pair,
Iridius and Arabo, speculators placing
their reliance in the former colt. San
Nicholas was backed sparingly and so
was Johnny Millin's mare Princess Ti
tanla. As t^ere were fourteen starters,
and the seven-furlong pole -is as a rule
not conducive to good 1 starts, this fact
had a tendency to make players cau
tious.
an aristocratic field behind him In the
rich Crocker selling stake, worth $3070
to the first horse. (
H. L. Frank spreadeagled a cluster of
speedy two-year-olds. Chub, still an
other "jungle" horse, decamped with
the mile and a quarter Belling run, and,
finally, Hpratius, -winner of the Seattle
Derby among other .conquests, regis
tered an almost easy winner of the
mile and an eighth handicap.
Twenty-five bookmaking firms cut In,
and what a bombardment the ring re
ceived. Not only were the four win
ning favorites— Judge, H. Ji Frank,
Chub and Horatlus— heavily backed,
but Nervator, and Fossil contributed to
making the massacre still more fright
ful. A conservative estimate placed
the books* losses at between $40,000 and
$50,000. /
While there were hundreds who con
ceded Fossil an undeniable chance to
win the stake, many, thought the little
Fresno gelding lacked the sprinting
power and that the company was Just
a trifle too aristocratic for him. He
was entered to be sold .by Parker &
Thwaites. his owners, for $1000 and car
ried 99 pounds.*
KXAPP'S SADDLE SLIPS.
An Oregon mist which laid the dust
at Oakland track yesterday and damp
ened the clothing but not the ardor of
the big half-holiday crov/d seemed a
forerunner of good fortune to the
horses that raced . in "the bushes" of
the Northwestern country the past
summer.
Fossil, a consistent performer at
Seattle. Portland and Spokane, with
"Big Bill" Knapp up and 15 to 1, left
Jerry Wright 0-3; Maid of Oowrie beat Moun
tain Poet 7-4; Doreen beat Tobaaro Bob. 21-6;
Comstoek beat Jingle Bells/ 5-a;R»mlsso Anl
mo beat Royal Sport. 3-0; Our Minnie beat
May Flush. 15-1;. Flora Temple beat Encore,
8-2: Silver Cloud beat Texas Jim. 5-4; Yukon
beat Gold Chain. 5-1; Bob R heat Golden
Links, ft-1- Black Coon beat Black Boy, 5-2;
MI33 Green beat Progresso. 14-3; Tralee Maid
boat Lord Goff, 3-1; Tralee Lass b^ot-Hesper,
(1-0; Irvington Tralee beat Toronto. 6-0; In
truder beat Vina, 5-3; Glaucus beat Mellln
wood 4-0- Haphazard beat Bonnie Hughle.
10-4- 'Fair Glen beat Mirage. 7-0; Harlean
Glad'ys beat White -Stockings, tt-0; Idleness
beat Linda Vista. (5-3; Flaunt beat Roy Hughie.
13-11: Equator beat Texas • Betty. 13-2; Good
Decision beat Meddlesome,. 3-2.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKXUUSTD !U.QgT»A0g— SATURDAY, Dec 12.— Weather Bhowcry. Track fast.
3430. frntST HACX?— OU. furloagmlaening^ in?o-reaf-61d»r.-yam« to flrat. g328.
Ind«x j Horn and Owntr. WtlSL U. VJ. %. Btr^ FJn. I Jockey. OP- pi.
Ci» JudB« (M. J. Daly) ....V..JU6 3 V 1 n 1 VX i-2*41 3 1V J. Daly ... 8-6 0-6
6«9 AvoRfer (J. F. Schorr) .... 11C 2 3 1 i G C 1U3 1H2 4 BullrnBn .. .3-2 0-3
8*oa \\*tnlfr«da IB. Schrvlber) .."..'.' 05 4 4 1U3 V 2 % 2 ft. 3 7- J. Booker.. 4 8
M2T 'Mlu lUnfleU (rtrg^uon) 10T 1 7 5 5 n 4 n B \i 4 % J.; Martin.. 0 9
MIm M. Bo-wdSsh iBlailnjme) 05 1 S' 1)42 h.' 3 1 4 162 Cros«walte 15 20
R421 Kek.> (AUikrabm. Stable) 103 6 5 n 01 6 1 7.8'. 0 4 Chandler .. 20 20
04C0 Ui« Scott (C \V. Carroll) 09 0^ 0 h 7,6 7-6 ' 0 2 7 8 O, Bullman 20 150
iDaphna Ro«« (R. AVllaon) 09 3 8 8 8 S '8 R. AVllaon.. 80 100
Tta»-:23tt. ,:4S%.l:13H. 1:21. At post V» minute. Off at 2cll. Judgre. place . 7-10;
•bow. 1-3. Avensrcr. placa, 7-10; show, 1-3. Wlnlfreda, ehow. 1. Winner, blk. c. by
: Athellnj?-Ju(Jy. Trained by M. J. Daly. SUrt fair. ' "Won easily. Next two driving.
Judge received an Intelligent ride, but wai not best. Had Bullman.not waited until
- th« ra^ewtaovefAvengtrwopM hy-^ wp^ _Rjngl«ts^ 5J!i°^J^S!il n J^N^^»^>^.
5451. BECGSD RACE — Futurity course; selling: 3-ycar-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horn and Owner. . - |Wt|St tf! %^ %. Str.*Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl-
M50 Ntrvator, 8<Boot« & H.)...... JIM 6; ...- v% in 1 1 1 «% Hllderbrnd 5 6
(540C) Mocoiito. a (,T. Wellman) 10<5 5 ... 5%62 2h 2 54 J.- Martin.. 6-2 lfl-5
5414 Fort W'ayn«. 3 (A. Ross) US 7 ... 6n 4n D h..3'l Connell .... 4 6-2
.'.440 Matt Hogan. 6 (Magrano) .. 106 1 ... 7 H 7 2V4" 3 4 &V, Otla 4 8
C3S2 Muresca, 4 (Mra.^ Miller) OS 3 ... 8h 6%4n 6 V, OHphant ... 10 15
S34C Tower of Candles 6 (Young). 103 2 ... 2h 21 3*6<J2 Chandler .. 3 0
6440 iPlckaway. 3 (A. J. Jackson). ..|102| 4 ... 4 2 3 1H6 2 7n J. Lewis... ' 3 15
B41S Captivate. 6 (P. Hlldreth) |106| 8^ ... 8 8 8 8 L. Jackson. 10 30
Time— :23J4: :47%. 1:10. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:41%. Nervator. place* 2; show, 1.
Mocorito. placa. 6-5: show 3-5. Wayne, show 3-6. Winner, br. c. by Brutus-Kerva.
Trained by C. M. Hollenback. Scratched— Misty" s Pride Diderot, Glenarvon. Bailie Good
win. Start good. Won In a gallop. Next three driving hard. Hllderbrand hustled his
mount to th« front- ajid kept him there. Mocorito ran her race. It took Connell a quarter
of a mile to get Fort Wayne in his stride. Matt Hogan poorly ridden. Tower cf Can
dles went out. 3 Plckaway outclassed.
5452. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St ,V4- hi~. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
TkIO- H. L. Frank <T>. Cameron).. |107| 2 ;., 15 16 1« 16 Blrkenruth 6 7-2
5415 Military Man (T. Ferguson)... 113 4 . .1 4 1 4 1V42 h 2% J. Martin.. 2 4
M27 The Cure <W. Fisher) y.(113 1 ... 5 n 5 n 4 1 3 >4 \V. Waldo.. 6 10
6.-07 Ltiettg <Il. Schrelber) 110 3 ... 2 2 2 H 3 H 4 1% J. Daly ... 20 12
6433 Atlantlco <D. Williams) 113 11 ... 10 1 10 1 7 2 .6 % Folcy 6 20
54C» Libbie Candid (Appleby & Co.) 1101 7 ... 7 2 6h 6h 0 2 Otis 10 ~ 25
5427 Instructcr (Boots* Hollenbeck) 110| 8 .., 3n 3 2 5^ 7 H Bullman ..3 5
MS5 The "Hawaiian CFlBaro Stable) 1071 0 ;.. 9l'8WB2 82 U Jackson. 10 30
6415 Ebony (Hamilton Stable) 110|l0 ...11 ' 9 n 10 2 9 3 iHllderbrnd 6 6
.1391 Whoa Bill (M. O. Eppinger). 1101 5 .« 8 Hll 11 10 2 |N% Uowis... 5 8
Z-Vn Young Pepper <O'Rourke) 107| 0 ... 0 U, 7 n 0 1.11 |I. Powell... 8 20
Time — : :23. :47. 1:00. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:13. Frank, place, 3-2: show. 7-10.
.Man. place. 3-2; show 7-10. Cure. show. 2. Winner, ch, g. . by Mariner- Plumerla.
Trained by ' D. Cameron. Start good. Won In a gallop. Next two driving hard. H.
L. Frank outbroke and ran circles 'around his field. Military Man ran to his notch.
Isostig can beat slower ones. . Atlantlco off poorly. Instructor no wonder. Ebony off i
badly. Whoa Bill can do better.
S-l.%3. FOURTH RACE — 7 furlongs; the Crocker selling stakea; 3 : year-olds up; first. $3070.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWttSt. %T %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op^ CL
f63!W)'Fosrtl. 3 & Co.). ...I 001 1 ... 1 H 1 % 1 2141 l»4IKnapp 6 10
M42 IWarte NMcht. 3 (Wllkerson)..| 92110 ... 11 2 10 H 6 H 2 h J. Booker.. 8 12
5339 iPrlncess Tltanla. 5 (Mlllln). .11011 7 ... 6 H 0 % 4 % 3 n Chandler ... 4 5
(544r'Irldius. 3 (Jennings & Co.).. 107 8 ... 2 1 2 2^2 I«i4 n " J. Martin.. 3 13-6
<r.i.10)!Martlnmas. 3 (Henshall) llCSl 6 ... 9n 8 1 6 1 6 2»4 Otis 7 15
<. r .J40) Saintly, a (T. Crowe) 1106 11 ...10 2 14 8 V* « lHlBell 20* 30
M17 iDivina. 4 <EI Prlmero Stnb!e)l OT114 ... 14 11 V. 7 H 7 n Hllderbrnd 8 10
<5404);San Nicholas, 4 (Bums * W.). 109) 5 ... 5 n 5 1^0 1 8 n iBullman .. -4 5
S?.ri7 JHaprerdon a (H. L. Frank).. 102i 4 ... 3n 4h 3n 9 % IBlrkenruth 7 . 12
(6S«?)|nvea G 4 <Mrs Coffey) 89IIS ... 13 n 13 tJ12 1 10 l^lFoley 10 0
5441 Uohn A Scott. S «M. Jones). 11021 3 ... 4 H 3 n 10 Wl 3 |L Jackson. 8 ,10
5430 Col. Van 5 <D. S. Fountain). f>4| 2 ... 8 H 7 h 11 h 12 1»4 J. Lewis... 10 ¦ 30
KMJ8 IHalrault. 4 (Thomas & Co.)..! 09, 9 ... 7 h 9 h 13 1 13 3 1.1. Jones.... 20 30
(6tni)iArabo. 3 (W. B. Jennings). . .1104112 ... 12 1 12 14 14 |C. Kelly .. • . ' ,•
Time — :23H. :47>4. 1:13. 1:26. At post 7 minutes. Off at 3:46. Fossil, place 4: show. 2.
TVarte Ntcht. place. 5; show. 2. Titanla, show. 1. Winner, br. g. by Fresno -Falrystone.
Trained by A. B. Pomeroy. Start goad. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Fossil
drew the rail position and was away in motion. . Knapp's saddle slipped back so It
makrs the winner quite* a horse. Warte Nlcht fell down In the place from Professor
Ljinele;-"* airehlg. Prince** TItania wan buffeted about like a football on back stretch.
Irldius cried "Hold! enough." San Nicholas-could not get to the front. Scott cut off"
Araboln many difficulties. 'Coupled with Irldius.
5454. FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index I Hcrse and Owner. T\Vt]St 5T Vk- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op] cT
(5i2fl)iChub. a (I'elter & Co.) »6j 2 A n 3 3 H43 1»41 1%|J. Lewis... 3 5^2
Ml.'. Position. (J IC. A. Durfee) 07 7 8 5 n 2 H 2 V. 2 3 |Knapp .. 3 5
4T.4O1) The Fretter. a (O'Rourke) f>9 1 2 n I.l'^l % 1 n* « n IKuni 3 4
54*3 Ijicv Crawford. 3 (Schreiber) Wl 5 In 2 84 4 n 4 2 4 h J. Booker. S 4
542t> Expedient, fl (P. E. Smith) 11001 3 6^74 78 84 54 |J Martin 5 •»
5135 'Discus. 3 (Johnson & Co.) j Ml 4 7 2 4 h 5 2 5 1 6 S Foley '" 30 30
5429 iBlefped Damoxel. 4 (Chappelle)l 02 rt 5^61 0 »4 7 8 7 10 Hildebrand' 8 12
M^i7 jRio Shannon. 6 (Mrs. Ccffey).| {>¦'>! 8 3 2^8 8 8 8 Crosswaite 60 100
Time— :26, :51M: 1:17'^, 1:43, 2:0«Vi. At post H minute. Off at 4:10^. Chub place 1
show. 2-5. Position, place. 2: show. 7-10. Fretter, show. 3-5. Winner b g bv'st Mirk'
Cbalango. Trained by J. Pelt»r. Scratohed-fCaneJo. Start good. Won -handily' Vext
three drlvlne hard. Chub was best. Position ran his race." The Fretter tinder Btronger
handling might have held on. _ Too far for Lacy Crawford. Rio Shannon sulks Ex
pedient absent ?.t rollcall. ¦ nnn
r. l.'K. SI7CTH RACE — One and an eighth miles; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $500.
Index 1 Hoj-so and Owner. |Wt|St. % . %. % . Str. FltTTT Jockey. I Op. CK
(r.417>Hcratius, 3 (J. J. McAlester). 1061 6 2 2 2 '.£ 2 »4 2 1 1 2W|I. PoVell R-2 ' ft '»
&.-{«« tEonic. 6 (C. Young) 102 112 12 1 1^1 1 'i2 2U,!chandler ' ' as
6417 ! Veterano. 3 fW. C. Vlvell) f»0 4 « 6 fl 41-435. Hildebrand 10 6
M31 !l>ipont. 3 (G. B. Morris) 108 S 5 \ 5 2 5" 2 52 4 4 IBullman . 3 2
B34S iNigrette, 3 (Jennings & Co.).. f»5l 2 3 % 4 1%4 1 3 n 5 5 |R. Coleman! fi » 10
5441 iBragg. 4_<J._S. Curl) . . tZ&T. 1051 3 4 l'/j3 y,3h 0- 6 ' |Otls •. g r~ 6
Time— :21»i. :50, 1:154. 1:41%. 1:53^. At post H minute. Off at 4T4I H~IloratTus place
1 ; show. 2-5. Eonlc. place. 8-5; ehow. 3-5. Veterano. fhew. 4-5. Winner b r bv Od<i
Fellow-Kinda. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Yellow Tall, Start good ' W ; on quite
handily. Next three driving. Powell on winner waited on Eon'eland then ran over the
maro when ready. Veterano can do better In. muddy going. Duuont could not *et ud
Nigrette ran a fair race. Brasg will win some day. . v '
and Twenty-sixth street end - Breton
was riding on the outside. His front*
tire came off and he practically swept
all those near him down the Incline to
the flat below. In the bunch that went
down were Breton, Fisher, Newkirk,
Floyd Krebs and J. Bedell. Bedell and
Breton were knocked unconscious.
The teams finished in this order: Wal
thour and Munroe, Leander and But
ler. Krebs and Peterson. Bowler and
Fisher,- Newklrk and Jacobson, Con
tenet and Breton, J. and M. Bedell,
each team with 2318 miles and three
laps to- Kg credit. Keegan and Moran
finished eighth with 231S miles and two
laps, and Samson and Vanderstuyft
ninth with 2243 miles and nine lass.
Racqnet Championship for Sands.
TUXEDO PARK, N. T., Dec. 12.—.
In the final round for the gold racquet
championship to-day Charles E. Sands
of New York defeated Joshua Crane
Jr., champion of the United States,
in straight rounds.
MnNTROSE. Cole.. Dec. 12.— Norman
Wolfe. "Jerk" McGovern, James Burns and
Jame* Smith were killed and several other
rr»n injured by s boiler explosion to-day at
M^nurotr.erj- * Palmer'* sawmill.
O'Brien Defeats Mike Schreek
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— Philadelphia
Jack O'Brien was given the decision
over Mike Srhreck of Cincinnati after
sir rounds of boxing at the Chicago
Athlotic Club to-night. The verdict
was not agreeable to a large portion
of the spectators/who thought it
Khoulri hnve been a draw.
Hrw to rfa-l any rack of card? from the
backs, taught by Prof. Beflion. "The King of
Cords," 320 Maeon «rcet. •
The all-age stake entries for the Pa
cific Coast Field Trials Club's trials In
January will close on Tuesday next.
Already such well-known winners as
Kilgarif. first in the California Derby j
lest January and third in the Pacific j
Northwest all-age last September;
Lady, several times winner in Pacific
Coast and Northwest trials; Senator
P.. a California winner and many times j
placed in Eastern and Canadian j
trials; Nellie Bang, Clipper W, Policy |
Girl an<l others, all winners, have al- j
ready been entered. From assurances
received Secretary Betz ex
pects from fifteen to twenty entries* in j
that stake. C $
W. S. Bell ft Pittsburg. Pa., an able
f eld trial judge, having in one season ,
alone judged at seven trials, will act J
in that capacity at the coming trials. !
Inquiries have been received from asj
far away as Indiana for all-age entry j
blanks. Many sportsmen have ex- j
pressed their intention to attend the j
trials which will be held near Bakers- j
field. Birds are plentiful, the grounds j
are thoroughly patrolled, and with a j
shower or two before the commence- |
rcrnt of the trial? conditions will be]
ideal. Handlers now in the vicinity of j
the trial grounds report their charges i
in excellent Phape. Successful trials are j
thus assured. |
Entry blanks and information con- j
cerning the trials can be obtained from J
Secretary Albert Betz. room 201 Par- ;
rott building. ;
The purse — Sacramento. Boy a by*. McVey
withdrawn: Richard Anton beat Rich Array.
14-2; Rocker Ann beat Advertiser. 12-9; Barge
beat Piker, 5-0: Troublesome beat Van Nora,
6-3: Ragged Actor beat Mickey Free. 4-2; Ar
ticulate beat Ml Amlgo, 3-1; Pacing Billy beat
Rapid Water, 11-0; Yankee Boy, beat Runaway
Actress, 7-5; Belle Free, beat Cubanola, <l-0;
Mount Rose beat Viking, 14-10; -Game Boy
beat Tralee Boy. 10-6: Fair Tralee boat Apple
Blossom, 3-2; Menlo Prince beat Boots, 10-3;
Our Motto beat Jo« Pasha, 22-8; Conroy beat
Cloverdale, 6-2. : , - ¦ . •
John Grace Challenge Cup stake — Red Bock
a bye. McVey withdnrw'n; -'Charter member
beat Sacramento -:J$oyv 2C-10; Cloudburst*. beat
Rich Array, 24-19; Donnybrook beat Richard
Anton. 6-4; Celtic beat Advertiser, 18-6: Texas
Hoe- Hoo beat .-.Rocker Arm. 11-7; ?- Y.mng
Johnny Rex beat Barge, 14-11; Presidic/Tloy.
beat Piker. 34-0; Gambit beat Van Nora 10-8;
Racing. Auto beat Troublesome, 5-3: Honeat
John beat Ragged Actor, 0-3; : Qulta beat.
Mickey Free, 10-5; Northern Express beat Ml
Amlgo, 0-5; J. E. H. • beat Articulate, 0-3r
Beacon beat Pacing Billy, 17-10; Full Moon'
beat Yankee Boy, 8-1; Colored Lady beat Rap-
Id Water, 10-2; Amandan beat Runaway Ac
tress, 15-3; Recvor beat Belle iFree. 5-1 : Rene
gade Apachn beat Cubanola, 18-12; The RJTf
eree beat Mount Rose. 16-12; Pocatelli beat
.Vlklngr, 15-5; Vandal beat' Tralee Boy. 6-5;
Ragtime beat Game Boy, 18-C; Rubber Anklen
beat Apple Blossom. 17-7: Real Antlcle beat
Fair Tralee, 12-6; Lily Wrlf?ht beat Menlo
Prince, 5-1: High Born beat Boots, 21-7: Frisco
I>ad beat Our Motto, 12-5; Pomona beat Jo»-
Pasha, 8-0: Liberator beat Cloverdale, 25-0;
John Heenan beat Conroy, 15-12.
The fleetest greyhounds In all Amer
ica met in the ninth renewal of the
John Grace Challenge Cup stake yes
terday at Union Coursing Park in
"trials of the most sensational order.
The field of green was like velvet. The
leaden skies constantly threatened
rain, but none fell to mar the run
ning 1 .
The greyhounds were so equally
matched that in nearly every trial they
ran neck and neck across the field.
The hares were unusually strong and
afforded trails which, without excep
tion, allowed the better dog to win.
There was not an undecided trial dur
ing the day, this being a record in
itself. '^c'. ;: S: : '
The closest students of form will not
hazard a guess as ta-Jhe ultimate stake
winner. The coursers are so evenly
matehed they find it difficult to pick
the winner in individual trials without
going beyond that point. At a rough
guess Full Moon is named as having
?hown the most speed in the upper half
of the card, while Rubber Ankles, the
Waterloo winner, looks good in the
lower half. Pocatelli has apparently
lost the flight of speed he displayed
some months since.
The Eastern greyhounds held their
own well. Cloudburst, Celtic, Texas
Hoo-Hoo, Northern Express, J E H
and Frisco Lad are still in the run
ning, for the cup.
There were several upsets in the bet
ting. Texas Hoo-Hoo beat the 1 to 5
choice Rocker Arm; X oun S Johnny
Rex beat Barge at the same odds;
Northern Express beat Mi Amlgo at
£'to 3; Colored Lady beat Rapid Water
at 4 to 1; The Referee beat Mount Rose
at 3>£ to 1; Vandal beat Tralee Boy at
2 to 1;- Real Article beat Fair Tralee
and Lily Wright beat Menlo Prince at
5 to 3; Sacramento Boy, twice winner
of the cup, was retired by the young
dog Charter 'Member.
The first round of the Purse was
run yesterday for dogs beaten in^the
cup. The concluding round of the cup
with the Purse and the Plate will be
run to-day. This will bring into the
running all the dogs originally entered.
Judge John Orace, in honor of whom
the cup was .named, officiated in the*
saddle for the first time since he was
Injured, four "months ago. The results
of the running in detail, with' Judge
Grace's official scores; follow: -
Kilgarif, Senator P., Clipper
W. and Other Great Setters
and Pointers Are Entered
Full Moon and Rubber Ankles
Arc Fancied by the Talent
for the Highest Honors
NOTED DOGS ARE ENTERED
FLYERS EVENLY MATCHED
W. S. Boll of Pittsburg, Pa,,
Will Preside at Bakers
field Early in
Champions of the East and
" West Meet in. Sensational
Trials at Union Park
FIELD TRIALS
JUDGE CHOSEN
FLEET HOUNDS
IN CUP STAKE
FOSSIL, WITH WILLIE KNAPP UP,
TAKES CROCKER SELLING STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY;, DECEMBER 13, 1903.
36
-¦ : ' : ' • . ADVEBTISEMENTS. r. w-
"""" Useful Holiday CSfts
x Direct from the Maker. The Best Goods at
the LOWEST Prices.
For;Men and Boys. For Women and Girls.
SWEATERS, Jerseys, Leg- Knitted- Jackets and Vests,
gings, Gymnasium and ' Leggings, Gym and Bath- ;
Bathing Suits, Etc. ; • ; ing Suits, Skirts, Shawls,
______• j > -Tarns, Etc. •
For Everybody. For Infants.
UNDERWEAR, form, fit- .SILK HOODS -and ,Caps/ -
ting and sanitary^of Silk, ' . Bootees, Sweaters, Mitts. Etc.
V.FprTenms, : . Football, • Base- %J.%)» %P V j/l/^l^rS^
"ball, Basketball,- Striking -• ./k,,— ifrmn «rs
? Boxing Gloves; KN I(UjR|-NH GUr >r
Caps and. Shoes for all 60 CEARY STREET
spbrtsl if;.; v XV SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
. Open Evenings Till Christmas. . Catalogues Free. Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
.-.¦' "¦- ~ ' . * ADVEBTISEMENTS. _'_".'_._-",- -1 j ',",*,""'-,' >,',n,'-,-'- : 'n"-'-
o©©©o«@ee®O0«Qe9©eQ©©8©©eeae®©os9a©o®»oo©©O8Oseo«®6S©o9e©©«oooooacs
I Varicoccie, Impotcncy and Waste of Manly Power Are Quickly and forever Cured by
g tha Grand Product of Nature, Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. Send for tli3 Free Boo*.
s Free Electric Suspensory for Weak ivicn
S This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to thet weak parts and cures all *£&»» of
• : men, varicocele, etc. It is free. It develops and expands all weak organs and-cheefcs unnatural drains
§ No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspensory. It never
| fails to cure. It is free with Belts for Weak Men. watson-ville. cai.
q No man should be weak; no man should suffer DR M( , LA x;ghlin: *
S the loss of that vital element which renders life worth rWsir-it i» jo* about thirty days since I received^your
1 living. No man should allow himself to become Ben .,* wo^tberjtej m' s^th^V;
© less a man than nature intended him; no man should 8t omach is much better and i am thoroughly »f "*«f° lth^
® suffer for the sins of his youth, when there is here ?™"™ e - l sha " be klad to 'tSSS 1 «!v? e trcatment my
2 at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to menus. , emus, eifertse?;.
1 his waste of power. : ~' : ~. An- old" man of 70 says he feels as strong and
1 Most of the pains, most of the weakness of £«« as he did at 35- That shows how it renews
§ stomach, heart, brain and nerves from which men iJ^es Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains. Lumbago,
X suffer, are due to an early loss of nattye's reserve 1 ' -r « Kii it KanUhro oain in a ni-ht never
1 power throu K h mistakes of ., youth. You need not. Kidnev Trouble. It banishes pa.n in a mgnt. never
© suffer for this. You <^an be' restored. -The very ele- , to return. capitola. CAU
• ment which you have lost you. can Ret back, and, dr. McX.aughi.in: : !' v i-' o ...
• vnn rriav hp« ha^nnv a* ahv man that livf S 'A "' Dear Sir— I commenced uelns your Belt the Hrst of last J^cem-
w joil may De as nappy as any man mat meb. .-_;....;¦ Uff an(J haV) . recelve< i the Rreatest benefit from Its use. The re-
2 My Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspen- 'suits are wonderful, for It reduced my weight from 23^ pounds
S sory (free), will restore your power. It will check i^SSZ^ZZZ T^^u 3 C fnf^ o°r-
A all unnatural drains and give back the old Vieor of der. sleep good and my circulation is good. 1 have the greatest
5 vnt , f u , • faith in your electrical treatment, for the results brought about
S? > outn - OFORGETOWV Wash in my case have proven its ability. When I came to you I had
© r»R \MAITHIIV GEORGETOWN, wash. suffered for forty-one year? with dropsy, stomach trouble, rltal
§ I am in duty bound to you and suffer^ --Icnes*. and rheu-atUm. Now I tar. not ; .„ ach^.n «, of
2 humanity to make a statement in regard to what your Belt has my ,* v nu everv chance I c»t and on» of the jrpntie-
6 done for me. When I purchased your Belt I was In a bad con- « doing politic^ for you ejerj chance U;. *™ ® n «^ „£,¦£&•
© dition; was compelled to take medicine every day to move the m *^,\ l^ m I Eri^hr* dlieW oT thJ kidneys
S bowel^. and my kidneys and liver were so bad that the least jar cured him of Bright a disease^ the
2i would give me great pain. My back*was bo lame that when I * , . JOHN'" W LCVBECK.
O ! :'V-.What ails you? Write and tell me, and'no mat-
© not have lived much lonser. After using the Belt for a short * er where VOU are, I think I Can give VOU the ad-
• timer found the results beyond expectations. All of the above ,- , . , _ • „_,,,_ tn ,,, n *u-» t Vi-»,-» ~.,r a A
symptoms disappeared, i consider your Beit the best in +he mar- - - dress of Some one in your town that 1 ha\e cured.
2 ket to-day and highly commend the attention given each patient I've cured thousands, and every man of them IS ft
| while under your care. w^ard. -walking advertisement for my Belt.
a .... i J V-^ _... . Every man who ever used it recommends it. be-
g. This dram upon your power causes Kidney caU se it is honest. It does great work, and those
9 Troubles, Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments. You w hom I have cured are the more grateful because
© know it's a loss of vital power and affects every or- t j ie cure cost so little.
© Ran of the body. Most of the ailments from which Every man who use ' s my Belt gets the advice
O men suffer can be traced to it ; and counse i o { a pby^cian free. I give vou all that
5 I have cured thousands Of men who have squan- anv medical man can give you and a lot that he
S dered the" sayings of years in useless doctoring. can't. L .'z -
J ¦ Mv Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go Trv mv Belt. Write me to-dav for mv beauti-
© to bed; -you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting fully illustrated book with cuts showing how mv
• or burn, as in old style bdts), and vou feel the Belt is applied, and lots of good reading for men
§ nerves tingle with the new life flowing into them. . who want to be "The Noblest Work of God." A
2 You get up in the morning feeling like a two-year- .MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send thi* book
2 old. . f .:^vi': sealed, free. .*;¦:. l^-.-w ¦ •'¦'¦ i \
• l-vD A/f V> 7\/\ *~» I I\ I Jf~2 I— II 11^ 906 Market Strset, above Ellis Xever Sold by .-
jS JLjK* ./?»•¦ V^-»» .Jy.\a-'/-Ti *— »VJ»n I_^I l^I. _.. SA jr PSASCXSCO. Axents or Drug Stores.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THOROUGHLY
PERMANENTLY
I Dr. O. C. JOSLEN. I
The Leading Specialist. I
My methods appeal practically to B
men who have tried other treatments to ft
cMft with disappointment, or, at least, ?1
.. J>ut temporary relief. I wish to lm- \l
H t'T*** upon these men the f&^t that my H
} mj-Ti-ir skill justtfiefc me in making H
II men"* «Jiseaffs my fipeelalty. I wish to n
[} prove conclusively that I r.m not of- A
H ferlr-K treatment tuch as most phy- B
|j iicians a»* able to rive. No matter if Q
H other doctor* have failed to cure you, B
i feel fuliy ap?ure<l that If I accept your 9
¦ 'I caee the treatment riven will b« abso* II
D lute!y scientific and fully effective. M
! WEAKNESS... I
{ * Doslny the rystcm with powerful II
1 1 rUmulantt and tonic* In an effort to H
1 1 restore functional visor can have, but It
ji tme final result: The cpnditicn Is r*n- B
I j dereil worse than before. "Weak- E
{] Kit" Is merely an indication of a low N
\\ form of inflamtnation in the prostate H
M gland, and this inflammation :s but &%- Ij
j? (ravatcd by fttmulatlnr rvrre'lies that F
j J excite temporary activity. I employ U
I ' j the only scientific and fully effective fj
M treatment for "weakness," which ef- K
I 1 feet* a permanent cure by restoring H
J * the prostate t'lar.J to a vound and B
•3 healthy state. I pt
I Cure Every Case I Treat 1
y or Accept No Fee I
ifi I dso treat with the earn* unvarying n
I j success contarious blood poison !nr, B
J j vartcocele, hydrocele, stricture and all V
ji reflex ailments. If others have failed H
I 1 to cure you, by all means come to me. I
| ] If your case is at all a curable one, r
{] I CAN" and I WILL, cure you. W
I \ Consultation and advice five at of- K
II flee or by mall. Send for my copy- H
If righted pamphlet. "LJve All Tour L
| Tears a Man." It is free. too. ! IJ
j Dr. O. C. Joslen, I
I Cor AbriictandKcarnySt-. M
j Private entrance, 702 Market st. H
3 STRAIGHT WXBTCTEBS
Ar» what we picked and played and won for
our client* j-estcrday.
I'jO.OO an JUDGE Won.. tit 00
*JO.Otl on CHUIJ Won ......$2<l'oo
il'.'UA on HORATXUS Wen ......$30.03
Tctal* Winnings. $73.00
We ran beat iin- bookmakers, for we are plck-
injr the winners. Let u.« advise you, and .we
will MAKE YOU MONEY.
TERMS — Fix ppeclal handicap selections
daily. Me; weekly. *2.50.
W#«wlll handle your money for 10 per cent
en raeh winner we play. We advise you the
r.ame* cf the horses we place your money on
by mall at 2 p. m. The following are tnt
•urn* that are accepted for betting:
F<ir a ?2 play on each horse $ 10.00
Tor a fj play on each horse.. 25.00
Tor a $10 play on rach horse.. '.. .^;. .... 6o.0f»
*"cr a ?20 play on each horse 100.00
Prcfit* UemiltM Weekly. Remit Direct to
W. E. TSZBXBZii: & CD.
no Market St.. 6aa Francteco, <^L
l^MM^**,,,imm^ — ' - -———«— 1—— — 1
ADVERHSEMENTS.
1 -'laffl'- ieL whisky that is pure and brin..,iing-over
l**"^^! : ' ; l|8 ' give to the sick with every confidence. »
1A/V\J||| j|l / Marquette is the costliest made
ll^^pi^^ whisky sold to-day, but it-costs you noBERKELEY, Dec. 12. — George
Wing, Chinese, suffered a broken col
larbone yesterday afternoon while
playing a game of football at Shat
tuck avenue and Blake street. The
fracture was set at his home, 2013
Russell street.
Chinese Football Player Hurt.
-¦¦:.•{ I'Have .* I any rival in your affections?"
he demanded, : fiercely." "No-o," > replied
the lovely ' girl, thoughtfully. ; VA't least.
I can* hot think of anybody else I regard
with^eaual indifference."— Town Topics."
. OAKLAND.. Dec. ; 1 2.— Eugene f Mc ;
Gulre, 7a" negro]" w-anted in Suisun. for
robber>V*was arrested by? Railroad'Of-;
fleer r -. Brown ; th Is ' morning ¦' when " 4 he
came in on a freight train. '
NegTO Arrested ; for | Robbery.
Jerry B. - Sullivan, Democratic candi
date : f orj Governor of Iowa, is the law
partner;, of John B. Sullivan, the firm
having offices in Des.Molnes. John B. is
a Republican and has been on the stump
against Jerry- B.-'
LONDON, Dec. 12. — Advices from
Somaliland, East Africa, say that the
Mad"- Mullah's camp followers have
taken : to cannibalism, owing 1 to the
shortage of supplies. The. body of a
captive recently executed by the Mul
lah was immediately carried off and
eaten by the followers.
The feast was participated in by the
women,. whom the Mullah subsequent
ly 1 executed/ These women were in
turn ; cooked and eaten by their late
comrades. •
'" According to deserters, the Mullah
is riot'- suffering from an 'actual scar
city of food, but is husbanding his re
sources ; and restricting the distribu
tion of food : strictly to the j fighting
men; leaving the7 camp followers to
shift for . themselves.
A heavy sermon makes a good sinker,
but a poor bait.
Shortage of Supplies in East
Africa Drives Mad Mullali
and Followers to Cannibalism
OAKLAND, Dec. 12. — The following
officers of the Soda Water Bottlers*
Union were elected last night: : v-/
J President, T. K. Prewett; vice pres
ident, "W. Malching; secretary, H. Mc-
Farland;. treasurer, A. R. Thelin;
guide, H.Dufrechou; marshal, Jo
seph Enls; delegates to Federated
Trades. ; Council, Provision Trades
Council and- Central Labor Council,
T. K. Prewett and A. R. Thelin.
The r Beer Bottlers' Union will give
a dance at Geirs' Hall on January 23.
E. Knox will; act as floor manager.
The Carmen's Union will hold an
election of officers next Wednesday
evening 1 at Glers' Hall. J
¦ A new schedule of wages and hours
will be acted "upon, by the. Gas Work
ers' Union" on December 18, and it will
be immediately presented to the em
ployers.'
¦ The. Teamsters' Union '.grave a dance
at Armory Hall last evening. . Follow
ing are the; members of the arrange
ments committee: ' J. Lewis, C. Chris
tensen, George Walker, F. Gould, J.
Pierson. *
An election of officers and a smok
er, will be held " by ' the Housemovers*
Union on Christmas eve. •
The .Tailors'^ 'Union, -will give a
smoker on January- l.in , honor of its
newly elected The new of
ficers are": President, :;W. Thompson;
vice president. C.'Ahlberg; recording
secretary/ O. F^LJndow;' financial sec
retary, ,E.* W." Jones;^treasurer, Al.E.
Trimble ; delegates * to - the , Federated
Trades' Council, -A: Sterne, J.' Garbis
and William* Stratton. .
Local Orcanizations Are Filled With
Activity in Concluding Business
of the Last Year.
MAKE HEALS
OF CAPTIVES
LABOR UNIONS PLAX * - ~
MANY ENTERTAINMENTS
Ah Fue, a Chinese merchant of this
city, left on the steamer China for China
yesterday to escape being killed by
highbinders. Fue was a contractor,
furnishing Chinese help for the Alaska
canneries. . The men he employed
claimed that he had not given them all
the money that was coming to them
and marked him for an ignominious
death. Ever since his return from
Alaska, a few months ago, Fue has
given Chinatown a wide berth, as he
knew he was a marked man.; Tester
day, just as the China was about to
pull out from her dock, the almond
eyed gentleman rushed aboard clad in
American clothes and wearing specta
cles and other means of disguise.' ,¦. As
the ship drew away from the wharf
Fue could be seen calmly smiling to
himself at having outwitted his would
be murderers.". .--" •
Escapes From Highbinders.
"When I was In Seattle I saw streets
paved with brick. They were, smooth
and even and dustless and apparently
all that- could be wished. It might
be a good idea to try it here. Yester
day I visited 'the works at Tesla,
where a corporation is making bricks
for streets. I will, get a proposition
from the company to lay a block as
an experiment.
"The subject of , oiling streets and
roads was another matter that is be
ing considered by nearly all the cities
in California, and I believe when the
proper manner of applying it has been
discovered it would be a great boon
The: matter will have to be studied
out, as it acts differently upon differ
ent soils.
"I was much impressed with the
high order and. ability of the repre
sentatives of the different California
cities that assembled at the meeting
and greatly regret that more of our
city officials were not present at the
gathering." .
OAKLAND, Dec. 12.— Mayor War
ren Olney returned this morning from
attending the convention of the
League of California .Municipalities,
-.vhich has been in session at Stockton
ior the last three days. He expressed
himself a)s being much pleased with
the meeting and J>eli£ves that it will
be productive of^rnucJh goo'd.
He was much interested in several
topics discussed during the session,
the question of street paving being
one of universal importance and one
that at the present time is the sub
ject of much consideration here. ' In
speaking on this subject he said:
Believes That Convention at Stockton
x Will Be Productive of Much
Good to California.
PROMINENT BERKELEY CIT
IZENS WHO ARE MEMBERS
OF BOND COMMITTEE.
then t^o late to get another. They are
now waiting; for another chance.
Marrinjje Licenses.
OAKLAXD.Dec 12. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frar.k D.
Broon, 2S, and Virgie Silva, 19, both
of Selby, Contra Costa County; James
E. Bryans, 35. and Rachel E. Bates,
32, both of Fort Bragg. Mendicino
County; John K. Silva, 32, and Mary
L. Furtado. 26, both of Centerville;
Morris Rusonick, 39, and Rose Wise,
32, both of Oakland; Frank Anderson,
over 21, and Georgie W. Amos, over
IS, both of Oakland; Edward K.
Clarke, over 21. and Rosalind H.
Bower, over IS, both of San Fran
cisco. .....
Kindness is the masterkey,to all
hearts. .
MAYOR OLXEY GREATLY
rLEASED WITH 3IEETIXG
The sum of $25,000 will be* expended
on parks In West, North and South
Berkeley, sections of town that are en
tirely lacking In recreation spots. A
large amount of apparatus will be pur
chased with $30,000 to start a fire de
partment for the better protection of
the people's property, $20,000 will be
spent on street Improvements and $15,
000 on manual training In the schools,
an Improvement that is receiving the
support of a citizens' committee, tha
Town and Gown Club and the various
Improvement clubs of. the town.
"It Is likely that the citizens' com
mittee I have Just appointed," said Mr.
Rickard to-day, "will change the items
1 mentioned in mylette'r to the Trus
tees. Some of '. the amounts may be
raised and some reduced. It is possible
that an item calling for the building of
a wharf at' West Berkeley will be in
serted " in the bonding proposition. A
good deal depends on what "the different
improvements will cost. At any rate, a
full Investigation by go large a commit
tee will be sure. to show exactly what
the town needs and to impress- the peo
ple with the Importance of voting for
those needs."
It Is proposed that when . the} bond
election is settled upon the ballots be
so arranged as to permit voters to 'vote
upon each item separately. This; Is a
matter," however, that will.be settled by
the 'citizens' committee -and the'Trus
tees. ¦ . • '*"'¦¦¦
MAY CHANGE THE ITEM.
This committee will meet at the call
of President Rickard within a week or
so and organize for the work before it.
A chairman will be chosen, and he will
appoint sub-committees to investigate
and report • upon the 'several items it
has been suggested to put in the pro
posed bond issue. When the work of
the sub-committees has been approved
by the large committee the whole bond-
Ing scheme will be submitted to the
people at an election and a determined
effort made to secure the requisite two
thirds of the votes.
If the suggestions of President Rick
ard are carried out the people will be
asked to vote at least $265,000 in bonds.
With this sum it is hoped to make Im
provements in every municipal depart
ment, improvements which cannot now
be considered on account of the low ebb
of the city's finances.
Of this $265,000 it Is proposed to spend
5100,000 on a new City Hall. The pres
ent town building is not considered a
credit to a town that now ranks sev
enth in point of population in Califor
nia, and a more dignified structure is
demanded.
On the schools It i\ proposed to spend
$75,000 of this sum. As is\well known,
the schools of Berkeley are always
crowded. More buildings are needed,
and more lots upon which to build
them. This $75,000 will be augmented
by the money that Is to be received
from the sale of the present school site
on Center street.
.5265,000 IS SUM NEEDED.
Sixth "Ward — J. J. Dunohue. Thomas Dowd,
Kd. Niehaus, J. T. Renas and Charles H.
Spear.
Seventh Ward — Charles A. Geirrlne. Charlas
Hadlen. Otto Xiehaus and W. J. Schmidt.
Second Ward — Thomas Add!«on. Benjamin
Bangs. Carl Plehn, J. W. .Richardson. A. E.
Shaw and E. J. Wlckson.
Third Ward— James l>. Barker. Alan G.
Clarke. John M. Foy. Robert Grieg. W. A. L..
Kncwlee, E. W. Llnforth. J. R. Little, Joseph
Mrl-aln. A. TV. Kaylor and William H. Waste.
Fourth Ward— W. A. Allen, P. F. C. Blehl,
Frank Fowden and H. B. Griffith.
Fifth Ward— E. I* Favor. A. T. Green. H.
D. Irwln. J. S. Mills and A. T. Sutherland.
First Ward— Guy Hyde Chick. W. H. Mars
ton. A. L. Ott. William Friend Richardson.
Victor Robertson, William Wler and F. M.
Wilson. v
BERKELEY, Dec. 12.— Thomas Rick
ard. president of the Board of City
Trustees, announced to-day the names
of those he has selected as members of
the citizens' bond committee, .the duty
of which will be to collect data upon
the several bonding propositions treat
ed of In President Rickards' recent.let
tervto the Board of Trustees, and sub
mit It to the people for their decision.
The committee is composed of some
forty prominent citizens, chosen from
each of the city's wards according to
the voting strength of each ward, the
following named being members:
Russell and Robinson of this city re
ceived a note from Los Angeles signed
by Johnson for a considerable sum of
money. He had found some one to ex
change coin for his signature, and it
has been the aim of the lender to trade
u back again ever since. The lawyers
sent their office boy around to John
son's training quarters in West Oak
land with the note, and he was told to
po back to the office and tell his em
ployers that if they bothered him any
more that he would go up there and
clean out the shop. That night -they
Kot out the writ. Only after they had
given the writ to the San Francisco
Sheriff did they discover that Colma
was in San Mateo County, and It was
Because a firm of lawyers attempted
to collect a note from Jack Johnson,
the colored pugilist, he wants to clean
out their office. They say that because
he secured an indifferent decision over
Sandy Ferguson at Colma the other
night that he believes he can fight the
law, and they have written him a letter
offering to take him on at catch
weights.
It was not the only luck Johnson had
v.hen he was given a decision Friday
night. Lying in the Sheriff's office in
San Francisco Is a writ of attachment
issued here by Justice of the Peace
Quinn against Johnson's share of the
pate receipts at the Colma box office.
Lack of general knowledge of the geo
praphical location of Colma. however,
paved Johnson from having to pay the
'rote. I . .._'... ~ ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Dec. 12.
Would Make Pugilist Johnson
Pay Note and He Threatens
to Clean Out Their Office
LAWYERS AFTER
NEGRO'S SCALP
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street, Dec. 12.
"Jack the Hugger" is around again
and so are his arms. "Jack" has been
doing some promiscuous hugging in
the neighborhood of Berkeley station
lately and several defenseless women,
going home in the dark, have been at
tacked by him, though they are shy
about giving their names to the public.
The police, however, are looking for
the man in the hope that they may
get him in jail and keep*him there un
til his strange humor wears away.
Miss Marie Carcot of 2032 Addlson
street was attacked by this human
bear while she was going home last
night about 10 o'clock. It is dark .in
the shadows o' her home and before
she knew it the "Hugger" had his arms
around her. She resented his Importu
nities, however, by a good hard slap
on the face thai, sent him reeling In the
other direction. Then she took to her
heels and ran to her door, screaming at
the top of her voice. "Jack" recovered ,
quickly from the blow she gave him
and hurried after her, but she managed
to get inside her door and slam !t in
his face.
Miss Carcot was too ill from fright^
to leave her home to-day, but through
her relatives she gave the police a
good description of the man who ac
costed her.- She describes him as big
and black and burly and poorly
dressed.
This is the second visit "Jack the
Hugger!' has paid to Berkeley within ,
the last two years. When he was here
the last time he made himself so ob
noxious that a posse of citizens dressed
up in women's clothes and patrolled
the streets. He was caught while try
ing to hus one of these citizens one
night and subsequently sent out of
town.
It is possible that the scheme will be
again put to use.
Citizens May Repeat Their
Former Method for Appre
hending Importunate Wretcl*
POLICE LOOK FOR HIM
He 'Attacks Miss Marie Carcot,
Who Surprises Him With
a Hard Slap on the Face
"HUGGER JACK"
MEETS REPULSE
COMMITTEE TO SELECT DATA IN AID
OF PROPOSED BOND ISSUE IS CHOSEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -* DECEMBER 13, 1903.
37
THE CHRIST3IAS CALL, ?
A NU31BER OF SURPASS-
IXG '¦.ATTRACTIVENESS, ?
WILL BE ISSUED »XEXT J
SUNDAY, BECEM- ?
BER 20. ?
' ¦— — *
Place Your Orders Now ?
ri T
' The most distinguished and T
oumptnom paper of the Tuletide/T
Its brilliant pages contain oontri- :
butions from many leading writers ?
of the day, v and the strikingly T
characteristic \ work of its staff j.
contributors will make it a truly «
delightful and Interesting paper. X
With this issue will be present- X
ed, . absolutely ' free ' of - charge. J.
"Decoratlasr for the Party," that .5.
charming picture by Bryson. "Dec- A
orating for the Party" is another 4*
of the popular Gold Series, and, »J-
like its companion plecea. "Se- 4.
dorah," "Admiration" and "At the •]•
Opera," will . adorn ' the ; walls of I
many of the homes of the Great • •£•
Weit. -.-:.¦ •¦- - ., • .,¦¦ ¦¦¦: ,- ..'.4-
Kewsdealers and agents will do .v
well to order early, as . the supply V
Is limited. ' . v - ;¦•' ;. 'T
•l**I~I jj I**I**I"l~I—I**t—I' j I j> I*'l**I**I|"I-I"l"I"I"I"I- 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE FURNISH
Houses from Cellar to Garret.
Hotels, Flats, Couiinitry Homes-
CASH or CREDIT
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
'Cj^ SPECIALS THig» E SR
II iJ WIRE MATTRESS Jl*-J_1 i
#V^_*_,- il c». 24 steel tempered spring corrugated ¦\*'-: \f_ B
* fc - v^ lron supports; something Q**> n/v H
\3U— you don't buy every .day; Jl/.jll M-el/- C~u:~*i B
-. - regular J5.00; this week 4*"» t 'V MUSIC lablliet I
y laDonrette soiidmahog-j
i Solid mahogar.y . — _ : " f " y » polished 8
* ~- i\,*rttZ*A nZj '" — T) JIke y° ur Piano; I
fHAIR MATTRESS sll J
= 0;lb. Axnoskeag ticking; good I?/I4iO3 I
serviceable article; re K - q* n n ~ .IX^Ji^^^^ H
S& !"•.•• .rr !??:.; lh *. $7.95 Ww^m S
Get one quick before they are all |
T. Brilliant PHi j
{ "^ l> > Furniture Co. 1^-!
-2TS£™ i 1 ss 338-342 Post Street R««.«J?I
dies in back, just F£Tt » h ? 1 1
the thing for baby's . ' shelves * m»,t •
Christmas; reguUr "K «i« "J 1 !
j£2 thi£ " appSiate^l
AirVtTiTWAtT.^AfT i i\'i«i ! regular $28.00 |
$1.95 ON UNION SQUARE ||g^f J
• w I ; yC {7^*^*1 Wr^^> M 4Wj)- I
"Queen of Music Makers"
I The Regina is a tireless, delightful entertainer, which brings I
S the"sweetest of all pleasures to the home. All. day it keeps the 1 1
I children happy and amused. It rivals all their games, for it is a |
I part of them, and it is a sure dispeller of rainy day peevishness I
I and gloom. \ i
All evening long, the older ones may listen to their favorite |
melodies, and from its thousands of tunes pick out their favorites, j 1
Christmas time is a good Regina'time, and you will never 11
I regret its purchase. Bestof all, you may pay for it while you are 1 1
I enjoying it. Prices $10.00 and upwards. 81
I Booklet, "A Harmony^ in Two Flats," illustrating all styles, |p
1 mailed free. You can order- by mail as safely as in person from us. lli
I QHPDMAN n AV Jt Ct\ II
I /in/1 Ifpjirfiv F S§
I JUllwI ullu ilCullIj ulo*) Jo i o |P
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAY
Purses, Wrist
Bags,
Music Rolls.
AND OTHER LEATHER NOVELTIES.
Wrist Bags, all ttyles and leathers — Mo.
rocco, seal and walrus — my prices. f:cm
5Oc to 97.0O.
Shopping: Bags, same leathers as above,
from *3.0O to 0IO.OO.
Combination Purses and Card Cases and
. Letter Cases, from 5Oc to $5.00.
Music Rolls largs and choice variety,
91.00 up to *;{..'«>. . 90£ -
Orders by mall promptly tilled.
THAT MAK PITTS.
F. W. PITTS, the Staticaar.
I0OS Market St.. Abovo Powell,
San Francisco.The ; Harlem: Hermit.
.. The jupper- part of the Island of ManV
hattan has been: agitated this week- by
the 'discovery; of another; "Harlem her-
rnlt,"thls\one;a woman. Memories of
. old ?inhahitanta "include -.a", remarkably
number rtcluses "wKri [have
spent 'solltai'y 'and /squalid: lives*. In ;the
'extensive" territory ; between* /Yorkville
arid Spuyten DuyviK— New York \ Trib-
The following Tpales are reported by
Lyon &.Hoag: i'.^ih / • i 1'
naird Estate Company . tol Wflliam J. Mc-
inquiry and among others the follow
ing recent' sales: '. •• - '.'• - r
Lot 2Tix75 md 4 flats on the north 'side of
Shipley «r«*t. bdwefn Fifth «ryl Sixth, for
Dennis and El!en Brotnan to Helen L. Smith;
27 :6xlOU on tho northeart corner of Hayes and
Shradc'r strett?' fof fiobcrt McMillan to Mr*.
Cplla d. Hewes; 25x150 and 2 flats on- th»
north eide of Wnll*r stro<t. 37:6 west of
Buchanan for John H. Crow to John F. T>g-
Rart; 25x120 ahd oo(tas:e, mi Behtcder* street,*
near Frederick, for Amelia C. Rodriguez to
Charles H. Shipman; 27x106:3 on the west llnr.
of Masonic avenue. 32:6 north of -Waller, for'
"the'Baird Estate Company to Calvin Worrell;
2.'>xl25 on "the easterly line of Ashbury Rtr^t,
100 feet south of Haleht. for the same ac
count to Andrewjj. .Kdwards; 86:3x137:6 on
the southerly line of Haight Ftreet. 100 ftet
west of Jiasonk: avenue, fcr ths same account
to Thomas Hancock.
The Von Rhein'Real Estate Company
has negotiated the following leases*
The five upp»>r floors of the apartment-house
on the fjorthv/eFt corner of Sutter and Larktn
etreetH for .$j2.«K>; for O. M. Ooldaracena,
the entire building 421-23 Montgomery street,
for five years «t a. rental of $22,500; for the
Wood Trust, • store — *fc .JOI.-Oejwy •?traaf Jor
three years. 18200, for Mrs. Kavanagh.
CITY AND COUNTRY. „ •
Club J. F.. Lawless, jgeneral manager of
the San Francisco Gas & Electric Com
pany, has agreed' to install twenty
lights in Oceanside. The water com
pany, has pipes laid to H street and
Forty-seventh avenue and is ready to
proceed farther as soon -as the grading
of- Sol Getz & Son's blocks and streets
adjoining are completed. At- their
meeting last Friday night, the mem
bers of the club pledged themselves to
do, their utmost the coming season to.
secure from, the city the necessary ap ;i
propriatipn to grade, ii street to the
ocean! It was reported to the club that
the Park Commissioners had set aside
$6000 to be .expended .for the Improve
ment of the Ocean boulevard. A com
mittee of, fjf teon members of the" club
was_ appointed to wait.. on' Mayor
Schmitz to ask his aid and co-opera
tion in the work for the interest of
the Oceanside district. K
¦" Mayor. Schmitz gave a hearing yes
terday to a committee, appointed by the'
Oceanside Improvement Club. The
opening of K street was the subject
of this Interview. It was,explained that
without a . graded, street' leading direct
from' the city , the , residents of the'
Oceanside district were deprived of the
most important privilege of getting liv-"
ing "supplies or .material for improve
ments as" cheaply as residents of other
city "districts. The Mayor was appealed
to urge upon ' the Park Commission'-'
ers the necessity of widening the. Ocean'
boulevard and placing electric arc
lights thereon, \ as ; such Improvements
would j be aDpreciated the general
public .as averting the colliding c-f ve
hicles. The" necessity for an engine
house with, fire* apparatus was dwelt
upon, .the .committee stating that even
a chemicar engine, for the present need:
would , be acceptable. The . establish
ment, of TiGxv. grades was also thorough
ly, discussed, i A mounted police patrol:
belngf very much needed, the \ Mayor,
was asked, to, use hisi. g6od. ofnees to
obtain the same. for. the : district. . The
.Mayor, by his ; expressions showed that"
he was in 'accord I with the" statement*
of .'the Improvement- .Club's committee"
and \ assured \ them that he would • give
his hearty support , in securing all nec^;
es'sary privilegea for. their district. ':, >\
.¦¦' Mrs. James de la Mpntanya will erect
fpur.;flats. at; a cost c-f $15,000,; oh the J
northwest; corner- of- Sacramento anji
Spruce streets. • •.; -, , : . >: . . :¦
; T: Shields -will build flats on" the east
line of Devisaderp- street, east of/ Elli$,
to cost 5S000. ¦ x ..;•'•., . .... ¦*..
J J- J: .BiV Mahbny will : erect flats costing
$6000 on" the northwest corner of Castro
and ' Jersey [ streets/J ; J . r
Klllop, 100x125 on the east line of AShbury
utrreti 25 feet north of /Waller; for $10,500;
to Jarn^B Collins, lot 2T.xlS7:fl Vith . two ilnts,
on the north line of Twenty-fourth street. 100
feet east of Guerrero, fcr $5400; Fernando Nel
son to D. P. Mack. hou«rs and lot. 25x114, on
the north line of Twenty-fifth street, 2il feet
east of Castro,' for <$2tfC0; " t<j 'John! T.
Kcott froraj. J.- Deane> 22:6x90, with residence
on the east line of Oough street, 25 feet south
of Vallejo, for J75OOJ to C I,. .Spencer for
$2000: cottas-s'and lot- 25xW>l :6, -on the south
line of Army street, 100 feet east of Guerrero',
to Eugenia Poraspo for $4S50. two. flats I on: the
north line of Pacific Ftreet. 4!):C west of Hy-le;
for Charles Marx to Frank Green., cottaxe and
lot 25x114 on the south line of Clipper street.
125 feet west of f-anchez, for ?2650; foi: F. J.
Griffin to Mrs. D. Eisenbach, two flats and
tot 23x137:0 on the %outh line of Plrie- street,
102:3 east of Broderlck; for the Baird : estate,
sold to J. H. Graves, lot 23x100 on the south
line of Halsht street, 12.V feet east Of Ash
bury, for ?2750: for A. M. Whittle to J. H.
Boyaon, lot 23x100 on the Southeast cornor of
Halght and Afhbury streets for about $5300;
also ten lots in Lyon & lloag's new tract at
Mill Valley as follows: James Martin paid
?15uO for three lota on .the northwest - corner
of Presidio avenue and HIJ1 street for the site
of a $3.VK) residence: F. A. Bush paid $75'> for
lot 50x125 . on .the .north line of Buero* Vista
avenue, 100 feet, cast of . Ulythedale road, as
the site for a home costing $2500; Haricaret
Warren raid .«w)0 for lot 8, block 6.
Rothermel & Co. have sold properties
In this city as follows:
Four lots, each 25x100 feet, in blocks 9 and
18, at Inxleside, to Paul. Verdier,. for $350; lot
22xW feet and cottaj?(% on Moulton place, near
Union street, for $1000, for J. O. Thomas to
S.' Oyster; «rothea«t~~eorner-of Chiy-an<V Baki»r
Ptroetp. 30x110 feet, with residence, Annie 1 W.
Porter to JI. P. RothermH,' for" $8000/ j ; :•
The same brokers have sold country
' properties as folio ws :
Ford stock ranch of 1000 acres in" jfendoclno
County; to E. 8. Dalvit-of Wyoming, for $1000;
jtwrtvft and a 'half acres near' Martinez, to C.
K. Peck, for $5C00; two tlmb*r land claims of
l«0 acres each, north of Cft2adero,' from James
WjUklns to h. SI.- Kellogg:, for. $1 SCO: forty
acres of redwood land, near Low Gap,' Mendo
•cino County, from J/ M.* Usher to C. A. Welhe,'
fcr $275; seventy acres, near Mark. West
Springs, Sonoir.a County, from Ii. Portrr to
J. C. Elliott, for $2200; 49 1 acres of redwo'od
and oak timber Und.- In Mendocino -.Cdujity,
i from AVIlliams & Thomoson- to a' client, for
$1500, and an improved farm of twenty-two
acre*; Bear . Ben Lomond, In the Santa Cruz
Mountains, from N. J. Bouton to an Eastern
client, for ?2600. - • - - . .
. SoJ Qetz & Son report; the following
sales: .,--, :,•• ;r-\ - .¦ ..',.-.
Lot 25x120. on the east line of Ninth avenue
i 125 feet Aouthof Clement street/ for $950," t&
Arnes Griswold; lot , 60xi<50. ' on the north line
of H street,' 67 ;U feet *ast of Korty-eiKhth ave
nue.-ror J2500," to 'H. • C." Lewis; lot 25x100. on
the Bouth line of H. street. 82:0 feetjsast.of
Ninth avenut, to WlUlam Havard. for $1700;
lot 25x100, on the south line of 'I etreet, 32:0
feet w«t of Sixteenth avenue, to T. C. Marlin
for $<iC0; lot 25x120, on the Met line of .*Jinth
i avenue, 225 feet north, of -I. street, to A. Mo
! Bier. ¦ fcr $1300; lot 25x100, .on the south' line
of H street, .".2:6 feet west of -Forty-sixth "ave
nue, to N. A. Shaw; lot- 50x120.'. on the west
line of Focty-sixlh avenue, 100 f«t- north of I
street, • to R. J. Harbin : lot . 50x100, on' tha
north line of I street. 57:6 feet west of Forty
seventh., avenue, to A- E.»Evelyn. • . , .
.; G. W. Urabsen & Co. : wui auction real
ty; to-morrow, :v- *; ' -r ' •
. Easton, Eldridge & *C6. will, sell real
estate. at auction on .Tuesday.; ,
Madison &, Burke will sell realty, at
auction on Wednesday. • ; , , ; . [.}
• The estate, of. ;J.ulia: Leahy.. jias sold
tO'O. .F. yon Rhein; 55x120 .feet on the
..north .line <>f .Haight" street,' 65" feet east
6f:Octa}'la,-fpr!$Jl,50S., \\:} .-;> • .-,
-The, brock' bounded . by;. Castro \ e i tree [C
Duboce. avenue and Fourteenth street
-has been purchased rby • the-Realty Im
provement Company. : ¦ •; * ': •• ; '-" - '
"•- OCEAXSIDE ;DI^TR|iCT.- . ?
By reason of; the wtrrk of the.mem
bers of the Oceanside Improvement
very, enjoyable affair. . *<\^ _ \ _"-
San Francisco Hive of -the Ladles of
the Maccabees had a Very enjoyable
masquerade ball last week, at which
there was a large gathering, and many
of those who- attended had put on
other faces. : <\i.;.
It has been estimated that nine nov
els had a' total said of l»60O,0OO copies.
This means 2,000,000 pounds of- paper.
"We are assured by a manufacturer of
paper that the average spruce tree
yields a little less than half a cord of
wood, which is equivalent to 500
pounds of paper. In otne'r words.
4000 trees. Is it any wonder that those
Interested. in forestry look -with anxiety
upon the paper mill?— Scientific Amer
ican. 4
Popular Novel Destroys Forests.
Important sales of city realty- were
reported by the brokers during the
week just closed. In one- of these It is
rumored that the sellers demand $50,000
more than the sale price as reported.
The smaller properties that have been
cold since the last detailed report .in
this paper have been numerous. Some
facts concerning; them are given in thia
article. The confidence of. the public
Is decidedly Indicated In the making
of leases for business properties.
Through the agency of Sonntag Broth
ers the northeast corner of Broadway
and Broderick street has been bought
from N. Van Bergen by Judge Sloss for.
f2?,2oO. The lot Is 38:Cxl37:6 feet. Judge
Sloss \rill build a residence thereon.
Through the agency of Speck & Co.
the northwest Corner of Ellis and Ma-
Eon streets has been sold for $203,000.
The purchaser is Mrs. Harriet McCar
thy. The Itn, which Is €0x97:6 feef. is
Improved with a four-story building
that rents for $S70 per month.
O..D. Baldwin & Co. report the sale
of the northwest corner of Sutter and
Stockton streets for $300,000. The own
ers are the three heirs of the Clark es
tate. Tha purchaser is a client of O. D.
Baldwin- & Co. It is rumored that A.
Aronson is the buyer. The improve
ments rent for about $1000 a mon\h. The
lot ie a fifty-vara.
Garret McEnerney has bought 30x75
£»et on the west line of Gotigh street,
tilnety feet north of Hayes street, from
the^estate of Ellen Gallagher for $8000.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report that
the lea^e^of the Scott & Van Arsdale
building, oft Mission street, has been
made for a long % term at' an aggregate
rental of over $300,000. The "building
Ti-fll be a'massive cightrstory and tiase
men(-building, occupying a lot 106x160
feet, with a frontage on Jessie street.
»The floor ppace will be over 140,000
equare feet.
HOUSES AND LOTS SELTi.
Th« following sales have been made
by Speck & Co.:
Lot 2CxS0 feet ard three modern tl&tf, on
the sofflh line of Waller Ftreet. 15«:3 weet of
T\>ri=ter, 'from If>aac Anderson to Wallace E.
I'lumb. for ft>175; let. '.iO^yj- :fsK t and nlne
r^ora -4-eFidence. on the north side of <""lay
etreeC 10» feet ea«.of Pteiner. from the E. L,.
ii^ldstein Company -to Pontacq Bros.. for
*740O; Icl 3Sz90 and old dwellings 8 t 41.S and
420 Valencia etrert. near Fifteenth, from Mr,:.
E. B. Harris to W. H. Dunn, for $T.fcnO.' and
lot itttT^xlSO feet, lrrf^ular. on the wert line
of Fultoir Ftrret. sr« fipet eas't of Park«T avt
r.ue. front Wilhelmina Kmellth to Rudolph and
liugo A. TauFi=ig. for $700.
Kaston, Eldridge & Co. report sales
as follows:
For J. T. Burke to Dr. Geflge, lot (1x133
feet, on the northweyt corner of Bro/ierick and
I"nirn streets, for $4000; lot , 40x137:0 and a
ffixteen-room residence, on the north line of
Hr.ifrht Ftreet. lfilS feet eaFt of Hu^hahan. from
the Fers^n «*tate to G. O. Burnett, for $10,850;
for the OoIlBakjr estate to a client, the lot SOx
I'iT :«$ and . twenty-four-room nwclllng. r>n the
rcrth eU'c' of • Post street, sixty feet ea?t of
Gcujh. iir 117,009; for Arthur Ppeer to I.
Baron, tot 27u ; xl?o to rear street, with" three
f.ttf,- on th<? south line of Sutter street. 1«'5
feet west of Octavla. for $12.SO0: for J. Pen
rlr.pton to P. B. Vaushan. lot :;0x1L'2:6 and
two fiats, on the west line of Bhotwell «=tre«-t.
125 feet north of Twentv-first, . for $12.V): for
R. A. Bellman to John Kenny, lot 2r>xll<) feet,
on the southwest comer of Tv.-entSeth street
and Treat avenue, for $2000.
UKTOIIT MANY DKALS.
f». H. I'mbsen & Co. report among
others the following recent sales:
For M. A. Zu-'kernisn, in;rrov*mente . at
J71» Tarifir a\*nup. and lot 2^x127:?',. south
ltn«. UJ wen of ScCtt Ptr^t. fcr fl3.75O; for
thr Laad'rs f<t3f»>; lot B0kUS:4 on tb» east
linear Mission strret, 8<» rxirth nf Twenty-
Third strr*-t. for $»i750; for A. J. Rankln. lot
2 v .Sl00 r,n th« northwen *-on»f r. of Fourteenth
tnj Sanch'z atrf-Pts, for JUJTriO: for Jamos
O'Malle>. lmrrovera^nts at Jl and 1.1.Lexing
ton avenue and lot 25x^0 on th* ea« line. .185
Ti-Tth of Eight<*-nth Ftrppt. for $2«25; for Mies
G. Lunfl!*TR. imDrovpra'JitJi at 7w; Hampghirc
Ftr»*>t ana hit 25xlCft. wrft line. J>1 south of.
Xin'tcenth et>pft. for $2r.oO;- for Mnn <"lark.
M &0xH<0. pouthwr^t corner of Wmoijt and
Twenty- fourth etre^ts, fcr fC."".0O; for Cather
ine Pain*, imrroventirnis et 25 Kate street
snl Jnt srix.V) on the <-asl line. 2."> nouth of
Bryam ptrf--i. for |W0t>; for Fr?d Prlnkhouse,
Vtt 2. :: and ?.hlrxk 101, Abh*»y'Hom"?teHil
Atfor^Aiion. for *lf-<iC; for F.' L. Knight, lot
2Sxl30 on the east line pC Twentieth avenue,
275 touth of California Ftreot. for f^/K*.
The Von RhrinRr.il K^tatc Company,
in addition to some seventy. lots in
South Ran Franctero an.d tho Potrrro,
Fold at public auction, report thf fol
lowing sales:
l<ot on north !ir.e of Pw street, lytwfpn'
Franklin and Gouph. i."xl"7:<J fee^; ..with old
Improve m«>r.;«. for Jl5,«fK»: poutheaet f-orner ot
Bro'lPri'-k and Grar>' struts, 2'>x'S2:t} feet.
»Uh two f!au=. for ti.iTQ; lot on th» nnrth line
of \V»>Fhlneton Mr'*P., between.- Montiromery
• nil Ke«m>- btrr*>t5. sr.xlOO foot, with old brlrk
Improvements, for $10,000; tko -flats, on the
m-»>rt Uno of <.;oue1i>trert. bct^vee.n Grary and
CVFarrrll etrr^tr. with lot (7x137:6 f»et fcr
fll.5TX>; lot r-n the north line r>t Haicht street,
coFt of 'trxnvii Btreet. with 'a ' /rcntaee of Jifl
feet <^n Halsht street hy a depth of 120 feet to
rear elr*et. for *ll,l^Vi; let , on th» fart line
of Duchanan Mxect. b«tw«yn Gutter and Bush
W> feet hy an irr-igular depth, for $7350- lot on
the «>a« line of Devteadero street, between
Vninn and Green street!". r,4xl<)2 feet for
BwjW on the south line of Austin avenue
between Van N>ps avenue and Franklin Ftreet!
with improvementg at 225 Austin avenue for
IZ Lf"! Iin " nf Ma»on Ftreeu north of* Fil
»*rt, Z5x5< f»*et, with Improvements, for fsooo.
R. D. Cranston & Sons report a brisk
REALTY SALES
FOR 1903 WILL
BE IMPOSING
TH&- SAN FRANCISCO -CALL,; SI JNDAY^DEGbMBER ,13,300^
Knights of Maccabees.
At tha fiomi-annual election, in San
Francisco Tent, of the Knights of the
Maccabees the following named were
elected as officers. for the ensuing term:
Isador Grumendez, C; C. L. Kenzer,
A.: E. V. HoUingsworth, C.; -D. B.
Richards, It. 1 K.; Theodore Frolich, F.
K.: Dr. D. Clark, P.; A. B. Storey, S.;
R. W. Murphy, S. at A.; C. S. Cavan
agh, F. M. of G.; George Steven, sec
ond M. of G.; N. Kumers, sent.: Cap
tain W.-B. Greenberg. sentry;- J. H.
Whiteside, A.; Oeorge V. Leori, scribe,
and M. B. Scbfleld, trustee. > ;'
This tent has arranged for a smoker
to be given December 18, on which oc
casion there will be a high jfnks pro
gramme, under • the direction . of Sir
Knights Heidon. Bair, Jacoby. Hallo
well and Scofleld. At the first review
in December the tent received . twelve
applications. . - ; »
The ball that was given by San Fran
cisco Division,- No. 3, of Uniform
Rank, in Golden Gate Armory, on De
cember 9, was wellattended and was a
Four v youthful criminals, have been
arrested, within the last few days by
Detectives Freel and Banner and yes
terday they were booked at the City
Prison. Their ages are from 17 to 19
years. George Batteate' was' v charged
with robbery and 'burglary; Albert De
martini and Henry Gomes with bur
glary and Joseph -Kloess with grand
larceny. ;'¦
Batteate is occused of having held
up and robbed Louis Langalli,' 444
Union place, at Green and Dupont
streets on the night of November _i
Langalli is an accordion' player in a
dance hall and his accordion and $2,
his night's wages, 'were 'taken from
him. He was so badly beaten' up in
his struggle with the footpad that he
was confined to. bed. for two days. The
accordion was recovered by the officers.
Batteate Is also accused, of breaking
into k a- candy store at Filbert and Pow
ell streets a:few nights later and steal
ing money from a till, a - quantity of
candy and a suit of clothes, which, it
is I alleged, " he was wearing -when .ar
rested. V. : .
, Demartini and Gomes, the last named
a, colored youth, are accused of break
ing into the room of Guiseppe Maasa
cane in a hotel at 12 Ohio street last
Charge of Bobbery r anfl Also
One of Burglary Arc Booked
Against George Batteate
YOUNG CROOKS
UNDER ARREST
Sunday night and stealing a quantify
of* clothing, a' watch, razors and other
personal effects, all of which have been
recovered by the officer*.
Kl6-ess deserted from the training ship
P*nsaeola and was arrested by Detec
tive Freel and sent back. He was so
useless "-that he was- discharged. He
met Frank Adter, a sailor on the The
tis, wljp took him to his room in the
St. George's lodging-house. Kloess got
up flrst'"next morning and disappeared
with $90 belonging to Adler. He fled
to \ lies Angeles, but returned to^the
city a" few days ago and was arrested
by Fteel and Bunner. He has already,
served a term in the House of Correc
tion for petty larceny-. /-?
38
. --. APVEB-TSEMEZT-B. \> ' ''\ , " '' '
" Every Booklover is a Bargain jfu?iier."; ' .
THE BEST BOOK BARGAINS
Monday and as long as the -'.books last. '• /
.^.;See Window pisplayi...
From a Hundred Remarkable Bargains .^W
HEKE ARE !«IX4 |||
Sp?Cl_J Tv'O I* '¦'*'. THK PRINCFT AND THE PAUPER.
HIGH-C__4 B S riCTXO*. LIKE ON THE^SISSIPPI.
A rex* -i'jXjrUinilju-U) oiita-n nme of %' ' \ $/,OO Each
«hf most .succeseful or the recent copy- R*-n1ir Prto» «1 7R '"-..
ririft books cr fiction at a!>out ono-thlrd Rfgular Price, fl. /( 5. -••
ucual r-rlr*. HunarcdB of bobke uru&lly. ' ' i peCl-i TyO. 5.
ILOJ .nd *g£W» they l«t; BIS_1AHC1-'S AtTtOBIOOBAPHT.'
. OUC COCA Uiitirarck, the man and the eiatesraan,
" I* Hlpt thouM neSurndent. ' ' ' %> ?^vg5^}&&S8R3G&:
,-•>.• Special NO.' 2. •,- ¦-' an* dictated by" htnwftif^ after his retire-
¦¦„,_. . _. _____ _ __' __;_.__.__.__. .mt-nt from'- office. . 2 vol*. • - 77fl • pag?*^
"THE _.ITT_.E -lASTSaPIECES." with marw and portrait*. Published by;
,-, v. K<5 '/^ SM. UUwt , **eny- , . Harr*r*a _t' STZO: ' Sptdat rtducwl priced
J2 beautiful little volumes of tli<» _».#¦*
vcrid'is thoic«;t productions In English ©2»£5O
literature. Cloth, pllt top. . J . ft
20c£ecJ,.or &2.OO aSet the eook-Xait cxassics:
. I*a*t Tear we Fold 300 ««» of *bcBe fa- ' • The Bookman Clarice nnqueutlonably.
moua n . little bookg Ja no time at all. Wo- r-i.rcf.ent -sme-of th« ilneer -specimens .
have on!y JOO »et* t_T« year. . . ' of printinc and book-makln_ -j evxr done .
Cnrrlal Vn "I "" in.thjs countn*. The volumes -vjrere ar- ¦
,- , vpccwi no. j. ranstfl and dcfl.oed _nd dlinted by the
' HAWTZOKSnC. " famori l!nlver»lty Pr«w» for Dodd. Alead !
The complete works in S handsome & Co* The type la large, tbe paper is •'.
volumes, ¦ tilt top, r*K_larly 6old by. "a delight to the eye and every chapter
; Jlcttshton. Mifflia &;Co. at $10. ha« a rubricated title and a^istlc ; head —
.' 1 Offered by Us at &G.3O a Set :: *"a -^evtimental, jou<"nk _i by ' "
If yrm hnve not a"eet, thin is a notable L^TS??S?cr?i? r ?.oT-cAr. v -.*.,-.'
opportunity to add -to your library the BOBINSON CRLSOE. by Daniel De-
wcrk. ol A^rinVmt noted novelist. : M gj,^,-. s «iooL ' DA YS ; AT.
SpCClcl NO. 4. EtUGBy. by Tho«. * Hughes. .. , ,^..
MMrfi HT . _?*«¦_• «w AT - TH « SCARLET LETTERi by. Nathan! .
?",?¦ T^^'.tT- h Photcr ™ vure Po r - books are par .>X?*llenee: Each pub-'
trait ol the Author. - ... i . iii-hfrt _i si T% .'. a. f^_- *v->n(o« at •", ¦ ~
A CONNECTICUT, YANKEE IN -1 " n " al .* 1 ' 3 -. "£• « w <»Piea at
KING ARTHURS COCRT. : '- ¦} '". v 5Oc a Copy' ". '
>1: H E ME W BQG^K
, iJ. H. CART, Manager. .-•; •• ,.
23 Grant Avenue, Sari Francisco
H he Greatest Musical Wonder of the Age!
FRIBE CONCEPTS DAILY AT OUR SIXrSALESROOnS.
_ . ¦¦ = . The Victor Talking Machine differs from all others in the^ remarkable -fidelity with which it re-
*fe & produces even the most delicate shading, of musical tones, preserving the magnetic qualities of M
1 — — — — — vocal or of. instrumental music with such accuracy as to make the hearer feel the inspiration of the CL r
SK MMN^OLLARS' WE HAVE JUST ADDED
of Victors Sold in J902. duced as distinctly as the strident 'notes of the banjo or the blare of the trumpet and the clash of Three
' drum and cymbal. It is therefore not merely an amusing toy or the pastime of an idle hour, as ¦ New Exhibition
X t-ilt / t -tv^d niost talking machines are at best, but it is a perpetual- source.ofprenuine aesthetic, pleasure. . \
Was Awarded the Prices On fJ iHa_*« ' li ¦' I the UTrTAD
GOLD medal thp virTOD O IS • ¦ 1I1E Vll/IOK Sales Rooms
At the Buffalo Exposition THE VICTOR MAS T FJ^ S ]W JPSV^VvV SSlt? P—ally — - ;
for superiority over range from * m**ii-in^ s Our stock nf rccords includcs or ' ur
ATT OTHFR tf'lHPAi f\f\ • l/'AI I'* P _^_^?1S%.yy an endless variety of songs, red-
talking 0^™ $17.50 to $65.00 voice 'BiSSzSB talking machine de-
:¦;...: Our Easy Payment :. -^^^^^^^M (C;\ the world ' vocal -? nd in5tru " :
-=— =— Plan brings the Victor; . n y^^^^^X^W t^L \ .:¦ w<-- mental soios by the worlds j PARTMENT -
tO VOlir hnme'for n-- ' \ _j| • Wli-fc/> V' most unowned artists and en- 1V
DonotConfound . I0 - V ° Ur I1Ome T ° r . J^Sife* y^ W\W U tertamers. orations by represen- •
THE VICTOR SMALL CASH PAYMENT __S^ iilj &' / Sc^ Afncrican statesmcn ' etc - 75,000
xu- t u n+v.^- The balance bein^pav- 4lJ t<r$*&>^i2r The victor has the sole n^ht o--^«.j«.
ti Tw able in small weekly or ¦^PSP^Si »-ll«^ «« ~4 Si sousl-s Records
Talking: Machines. dUlC 111 Mlldll VVCCMJ Ui aJPUfjJ:- •!!'!; BAND ahd other repfesentative j -; -
monthly installments. :>"v-i : *^ ' . ' Musical organizations. > .. And Thousands of
; ¦ •' ¦¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ; v "~ ~~~~ ¦ ¦•¦¦¦¦ -¦ ¦-¦ - /¦¦ •" - ¦ . ¦ . -. . • , _., ; " "VICTORS \
' : 'The Othbr Kind,' ' , : ,'-- •-, --- ' : ' •'" ' ', " ' - ¦ ' . . ' |; :
The Marvelous Purity of T~ | ~~ ,-...- — .-.¦...- - - : ... / . ,., ~ "~ . • . . . " - : ! ~~ y which IS the largest in
victor tones -It never tires, and always has something new. New records are added daily. It entertains the ...
is a Revelation. whole family— entertains your friends and is a great attraction for the home, . . America.
¦ — CLUBS, L0DGER00MS, MEETING HALLS, CHURCH PARLORS ___- !
'V C Come hear the; VICTOR talk forSitself; You will enjoy it even though you may. not y contem- . 3 C
Opiate purchasing. There is a concert" always going on in our VICTOR DEPARTMENT.- -
Kearny and Sutter Sts., San Francisco i 1 1 1
Distributers of Victor Talking
ADVEBTISEM_5_IT3."
'^fe STRENGTH, RJ
W$ VITALITY kl
TABLETS
NERVAN TABLETS produce restful sleep.' i
Positively cure ¦'-¦-. ' ''£Hz
•;;.;¦• JKJSXYOJJBJTEaS, STO-tACZ.
-i-N_V AITD B LA DDES
T-tOTTBZ-BS.
They produce plumpness and give great
strength and vitality.
just a ri:w of sL&mr _mn> ex-
pressions RECEIVED.
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago. 111.
Dear Sirs— I am using NERVAN for general
.debility and lost energy. .- As an eneTtry builder
they cannot be beat, I feel like twenty-flv*
years old and I am fifty. I would not be with-
out them and I will try and Induce otsors to
take them. S. A. READ.
. Oriswold. Ill..«Oct. 5, 1003.
Lansing. Mich". Oct.' 23. 1903.
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chlcaso. 111.
Gentlemen — I am very raucb pleased to «tat«
that NERVAN TABLETS make me feel like »
new man. "Two months ago' I was In a bad
condition. I em now very much stronger, hav*
* gocd appetite and am gaining flesh. My
nerves are in nan condition. I llndNERVAX
TABLETS are good for kidney trouble. Grate-
fully yours, G£O. W. STONE..
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago. Ill-
Dear Slra — I have taken Nervan • TABLETS
for Nervousness and find that they rto all you
claim for them. " I shall recommend them to
my friends.. Very truly.
MISS V. M. DANLY.
- Chicago, Aug. 15. 1003._ . . , '
nrillinr of liquid preparations that con-
nrVwflnr «a |n -'cohoi. They stimulate
Uklinilb for fc tlxre. but In the end do
you. '{Treat harm. • You take no chances with
NERVAN TABLETS,' as they oontafn no alco- I
hoi or other injurious Take the
peer of an Blcod ftml Nerve rcmediea. NEU-
VAN TABLETS. They will surely cure ycu.
Sold and recommended by
tnrxosr dscg comfazts' stosssi
234 Kearay Street.
Van -Teas Avenua and MarSet Streets
' OTaxrell and Stookton Streets.
- -314 Kearny Street.
Stockton ud OTuitH Streets.
Market Street and Van Wess Avean*.
Sixth Street, corner Mission.
» 318 Mcmtsromery .Avenue."
.400 Sxtttsr Street. : . '
Valencia Street, cor. Twenty-TMrd.
California and _"illmor© Streets.
or s»nt direct upon receipt of $1.
SrZZRVA-r TABLET CO., CWoaffo, XU.
/ . ¦¦•' •••;.*•¦•<¦¦ . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ':"';.: ' . .. .
v ; '"^^___»' i " v - : ' "":¦''.' Syi>r. Xiawre_ce'i-_r«w Perfected ---
|dr^ V^cuuiti Deyeioper
¦ AND INVIGORATOR. It quickly restores Lost atrength or Wasted
¦ 5 Vital Power and never fails to cure Varlcocel*. Stricture. Drains.
i , .Weakness. Impotence or Prostatic Troubles. - It • Dosttlvely. develooa and
-I , vitalizes Weak or Debilitated Organs, thus restoring full youthful vigor.
4 Sflri To Prove tha marvelous and positive merits Qt the VACUUM
\ZJB* TREATMENT you may take it On 10 days' trial- and approval ABSO-
LUTELY- FREE. W« c_n back up every claim we. mnke. i,
¦ : 'v Call or write "to'day for -<54-pa ire Illustrated book Nd. fl.showinff malt system and
. explaining' thia wonderful; convenient and simpls HOME TREATMENT. Sent plain.
eealed; . frrr - l nrTnrt1W~U'PIM'>>HIIB. 1_| ¦' MlM<lf — WHM (li»lf"Wimi ri ~<nW-i»>BMll
... We are experienced ' physicians. Our treatment the best and our fees less than
-. one-half those of other strictly, reliable specialists: . . . .. i
> CON8U_»TATION- FREE. an4 confidential -t'offlca or by malL flours, 9 a. m. to
0 p. tn. Sundays, 10. a. m. to. 1 p. m. Open evenings. . '
SO MOHET SEQUIBED UNTIL CUBED. .
!' .'¦:;- 6.0*rARRUL'ST^*Nrar;MarkeC'SairFrancJseo. ;":• We are selling • agents for - '- fountain
pens that will I fit your hanh.' Cost^from
J1.00 to J5.00 each., Sanborn,' Vail & Co.,
741 Market street.' laSH
The body of the young man found
drowned on the ocean beach a mile
south of the life-saving station last
Friday was identified yesterday as that
of Al Gorham, a teamster, recently
employed by- the. firm' of Quimby &"
Harrelson. .Gorham ' resigned from his
position last Saturday. He was very
despondent' over his losses at the race
track, as he was a heavy bettor, and
had " been > drinking' heavily for about a
week. He ¦ was unmarried and resided
on' Sixteenth* street, near Guerrero^
Teamster Gorh am "Drowned. '
H. Digby Johnston. • accused of ob
structing pedestrian traffic on ¦ Kearny
street one evening last week while a
clothing s.tore was being boycotted and
ordered- to appear in court yesterday,
failed to • appear when the case was
called, but N Walter Temple, attorney,
appeared in his stead and asked for. an
Immediate decision.. The court declined,
however, and gave' himself another
week to digest the conflicting testi
mony. . .
Miss Nellie Orth, 15 years of age and
residing with her parents at 413% Octa
via street, appeared before: Judge Mo
gan as complainant against Mrs. Peck,
dwelling on Fulton street, between
Gough and Octavia, and the burden of
Mies Orth's complaint was that Mrs.
Peck' had displayed a revolver and
threa'toned to shoot her simply because
she went into that woman's yard to set
aright a portionof her apparel that had
become disarranged whfle she was at
play. A warrant was issued for the ar
rest of Mrs. Peck. and the case will.be
heard to-morrow.
; Oii the eventful night, while the lights
in the \ Pacific street* home of Terp
sichore shone o'er ; a scene of; revelry
seldom or never excelled in the annals
of San . Francisco's cdlored social func
tionsi George Stewart was "friskin*
roun' " and otherwise annoying Miss
Walker, .when "Cooney'^ entered » and
demanded reason for the ungallant per
secution. Instead of explaining any
thing orally, said Mr. Miller, Mr. Stew-^
art, who, was" seated; in a chair \ti\ted
backward, made a movement^as ' if he
Were* about' to] draw, a"; pistol' from'; his
hip"; pocket," .whereupon Mr. Slaughter
preceded him \ nrid , fired , two shots.
*7;"Muldo6n". McDonald, who proudly
stated his vocation ; as "profeshnul
prlzeflghtah; Bah," testified that he, too,
witnessed * Mr. Slaughter "tie up" with
During the earlier proceedings in
Judge Mogan's court the auditorium of
that temple of justice was remotely
suggestive of the "first part" setting
of a genuine negro minstrel show.' No
less than three Afro-American names
were on the trial docket, with a sep
arate offense registered against each,
and the assemblage outside the rail
was very largely made up of persons
of Ethiopian ancestry and varied social
standing. But as two of the cases
came from the Barbary Coast the ma
jority of dusky spectators were of the
select set of that quarter, the remain
der being sympathizing acquaintances
of Robert Mitchell", who broke, the arm
of a white. co-laborer named G.' W. De
ment by viciously striking that mem
ber with a shovel. That case will be
heard !atcr. . ...
Then came a Pacific street- saloon
keeper, who was accused of . having
disturbed the peace by addressing loud
and vulgar, language to a feminine
habitue of his establishment, and after
he had been dismissed with a severe
reprimand the case of ¦ the People vs.
Claude Slaughter, charged with shoot
ing at George Stewart, mlssing'him and
hitting a'juvenile bystander's leg, was
taken up and testimony for the defense
heard.'^;;/;/;^:'^'
There was a perfect: thundercloud of
witnesses ready to testify that Mr.
Slaughter had been provoked to make
a target of Mr. Stewart, who. by the
way, is noted as "the champion cake
walker of the Pacific Slope," having
earned the title in actual contest at
one of the local theaters. First came
Mr. Miller, who always alluded to the
defendant as "Cconey" ' Slaughter. Mr.'
Miller was positive that Mr. Stewart
and his brother were at enmity' with
"Cooney" for some time previous to the
shooting, and that in order to pique
the latter they, missed no 'opportunity
to "pester" Miss Irene Walker, know
ing that the young woman , was much
beloved by "Cooney."
When the case was called yesterday
aridthe doctor's affidavit had been read
the prosecuting attorney broadly hint
ed that Miss Clark's illness was of al
coholic origin and sustenance, and the
Judge seemed "to entertain a similar
opinion, for he informed the woman's
attorney that if she fails to appear in
person before him at high noon to
morrow he wijl enforce her attendance
through the medium or a "posse comi-
stance sent fa physician's certificate to
the effect that she- was physically in
disposed and absolutely unfitted to
brave with safety the ordeal of a Po
lice Court trial.
Passengers on the Xorth Shore Line
Suffer a Jarring by an Accident -
Near Hamlet Station.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 12. — The
southbound North Shore train was de
railed south of Hamlet Station to
day. ' A serious wreck was narrowly
avoided. The passenger train was en
route from Cazadero to San Franci3co
and when rounding a curve on the
bay shore struck a large boulder and
was derailed. The engineer succeeded
in stopping the train before the cars
left the track or his engine ran into
the bay. The locomotive did not turn
over and no one was injured.
Traffic was delayed only a short
time by the wreck. The cause^f the
Daughters of St. George
Britannia ' Lodge of " the Order of
Daughters of St. George had an enter
tainment and holiday season bazaar in
its hall in the Pythian Castle Decem
ber 1. The ¦ membership turned out in
full force and the many friend* of the
ladies were on hand to be entertained
and to help swell the number of those
who were patrons of the prettily ar
ranged booths. The programme of mu
sic, songs and specialties, including lit
erary efforts, was interesting and en
tertaining. The young ladies during the
evening served English tea and cakes
to their fellow members and visitors.
TRAIN* STRIKES A ROCK
BUT ESCAPES A DISASTER
bowlder being on the track was . that
men had been blasting in the right of
way and the rock fell on the rails.
Mr. Stewart, also the resultant shoot
ing.. "Ah smelt Irubble a-comln', an*.
phoah enuff. It came," said "Muldoon."
After the first shot was fired Mr. Mc-
Donald, with true gladiatorial reckless
ness, "mixed in" and grasped the pistol
hand of Mr. Slaughter In time to divert
bullet No. 2 from its intended target
and to pierce the floor instead. *
Miss Irene Walker, after blushingly
acknowledging affection for the defend
ant, toid of how the Stewart brothers
were in the habit of "peckin' on" her
every time they saw her, and of how
on one occasion they had visited the
apartment occupied by her and "busted
In de doah mos' shamefully" and sub
jected her to other indignities, all of
which she related.
Then the defendant, of coal-black
visage, took ; the stand and recounted
various acts of provocation on the part
of the champion cakewalker. "He art'
his bruddah," said Mr. Slaughter, "were
soah at me ovah some ole trubble, an'
dey allus was a-pesterin* an' peckin' on
mah gal. A gemman fr'en' ,tole me dat
de Stewartsi said dey would git me if
Ah went to de colored ball las' Thanks
gibin' night in a Turk street hall, an'
to avoid trubble Ah didn't go. Dey
were allus a-provokin' ' an' tryin' to
start suthin'."
Mr. Slaughter did not deny the shoot
ing, nor did he attempt to show that he
did not shoot to kill. He simply plead
ed provocation . sufficient to warrant
the deed.
The court reserved its decision till to
morrow. .¦¦-•
Judge Mogan issued a "come-or-l'll
send-for-you" warning to Miss Amber
Clark, accused of grievously assault
ing Miss Louise Harcourt in the lat
ter's apartment in an O'Farrell-street
boarding-ho-u^e of which the defendant
is landlady. Miss Clark was arrested
and released- on bail, and since then
she has twice failed to appear when
the case was called, but in each ln-
Twenty-four hours of sober thought
as to the wisdom of defying the law
and its established dispensaries evi
dently had a reformatory effect upon
the erstwhile haughty demeanor of
Timothy Nyhan. saloonman and minor
politician, for when he faced the tri
bunal of Judge Fritz yesterday morning
his attitude showed marked change
from that exhibited by him while occu
pying the same spot the previous day.
Mr. Nyhan had been arrested for re
fusing to provide for his .five minor
children after their maternal guardian
had been sentenced to sixty days' im
prisonment for selling liquor without
a license at 427 Clementina street.
When first arraigned he displayed con
tempt of the court and the arresting
officer, and audibly and profanely
opined that lie had been treated un
justly. Then he was 'remanded until
yesterday, and reflection. during the in
terim apparently convinced him that
Mabel Edwards, a pretty girl who
swore she was 21 years of age but did
not look to be more than 18, was be
fore Judge Fritz for general wayward
ness and the case developed a repeti
tion of the oft-told tale of parental neg
lect and its shocking consequences to
the object thereof. The girl's father
is somewhere in the East ' ' and her
mother's whereabouts she did not know,
so there was no restraining hand put
forth when she began to wander from
the straight path. The case was con
tinued till next Wednesday, by which
time, the court hoped, the young wom
an will have obtained employment that
may enable her to lead a better life." •
The complaining officer testified that
while he was passing- the residence of
Milkman Shones, in the Richmond dis
trict, he saw that person administer
ing unnecessary punishment to a de
crepit horse by beating the animal on
the head with a heavy whip handle.
He commanded that the cruelty cease,
and then examined tha equine and
found a festering sore on its back.
When he proceeded to arrest the milk
man the latter cursed him roundly and
became eo obstreperous that the "po
liceman was compelled to knock him
down ar.d handcuff him.
A woman who occupied an adjoining
house stated that from an open ,win
dow she witnessed the beginning of
the altercation between the policeman
and the milkman, but was forced j to
shut the window when the milkman's
language became unfit for publication.
Then a masculine witness testified with
the a!r of a good Samaritan who de
plored cruelty to dumb creatures and
also loved his neighbor as himself, and
his testimony did not cut much figure
either for or against the prosecution.
The court reserved its decision.
August H. Shones, a milkman, was
before Judge Megan on charges of
cruelty to animals, battery and dis
turbing the psace, all sworn to by Po
liceman Bean.
The' court met Mr. Nyhan's forgiv
ing mood half-way and dismissed th»
charge against him.
he could v.in nothing by flying in the
face of the court. So in penitent mood
he expressed to take care
of his offspring: and to close and keep
closed the Clementina street groggery,
and then, as evidence of his sincerity,
he paid the fine of JCO imposed upon
his better half and thus secured her
release from durance.
In the dark, "pen" , of Judge Fritz'a
court the nose of J. B. Barco, booked
as "wine bum." loomed radiant as the
Point Reyes light when environed by
a fog, and when Mr. Barco stepped
forth to face the bench the luminosity
of his nasal organ dimmed by contrast
the refulgence shed by a big yellow
diamond in the shirt front of a sporting
gentleman in the front row of specta
tors. His Honor blinked and then
shaded his eyes with his hand as he
surveyed Mr. Barco's headlight.
'"That facial embellishment' of yours
must have cost a pretty' penny?" ven
tured the Judge.
'"Oh, not so much," airily answered
the defendant. . .« ; ;
"A computation of the number of
drinks required to produce an effect
like that would be interesting," the
court continued.
"It's a queer thing," said Mr. Barco,
In injured tone, "that the bulbous for
mation and vormilllon tint of my nose
should be constantly getting me wrong
fully accused of immoderate drinking."
"Still." went on the pitiless critic, "I
would lay odds that yours has not been
a Hfe of total abstinence from exhila
rating fluids. Your nose is only a por
tion of the visible evidence that war
rants this belief. Your general make
up is strongly indicative of a careless
ness as to personal appearance that is
reprehensible, to say the least. Do you
remember when you last had a bath?"
Mr. Barco immediately plunged into
mental calculation, but ere he could
give answer to the query he was con
signed to sixty day& imprisonment. -,
"They will bathe you up there," said
the court, "and I would suggest that
when your term of incarceration ex
pires you devote more attention to ex
ternal application of water and less en
ergy to absorption of spirituous liquors.
So long, and may your nose soon Io3e
its luster."
Its Refulgence Illumes the Shadowy "Pen,"
Fades by Contrast the Glint- of a Big
Diamond and Dazzles the Judicial Eyes
VAGRANT'S NASAL ORGAN SERVES
TO BANISH POLICE COURT GLOOM
TJ'E SAN FRANCISCO CAU, SUNDAY. DECEMBER, 13, 1903.
39
AEVEBTISE2IENTS.
f EASTERfF™"
OUTFITTING CO.,
1328-1328 Stockton St.,
ITcar Srcalvray.
XTS TS?3T TSS P23PLE.
3 Rocker Specials
For "I hi * VV ck.
A* illustrated below, will give
you an idea how our prices
compere with downtown stores.
Comfort Willow Rocker?,
suitable for Christmas presents
for young and old. The regular
pricc at other stores fi^O O£T
1 $5-5o, our price... iq?O«^»vJ
This Rocker, suitable for par-
lor or dining-room. Solid
quarter-sawed oak and genuine
leather upholstered seat. Extra
l'.^.!!":.. 0 "":.- $4.15
Something very pretty for
the children. Rockers in nat-
ural wood with cane seat. Can
be made very handsome by
enameling in H CZf> anrh
colors. Only.. / Ot> Cat II
We show 365 different styles
of rockers, and our terms and
prices can't be beat by any
* other house in this city. A call Jj
on us wiil convince you. S
Goods selected now will be »
reserved and delivered for 1
5 Christmas. \
Open evenings. (
Country orders solicited. k
STATEMENT !
CF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
fran¥li"n~ fire
INSURANCE COMPANY \
OF PHILADKLrillA. IN THE STATE OF.
Pennsylvania, on thf 'Sitl day of December.
A. D. lute*, and for the year ending on that
£ay, at- marie to the Insurance Commissioner of
the Etat» of California, pursuant to the pro-
vision* of eection* C10 and fill of the Political
Ccfle. &e F*r blank furnished by tn«
Commiestcncr :
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Ca*h ._ $400.000 «0
ASSETS. ~ *
P.eal Estate otrned Ly Company... J23S.200 00
I^cans on Bonds and Mortgages.. lOl.S'JS 00
Ctsh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,471,423 00
Ar.mist of LiO»n» secured by pledge
of Honde. Stocks end other mar-
ketable securtti<^! as collateral ... 10ri,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 2.738 10
Ca«h In Banks 7O.H53 77
X&terert <!u- and accrued on all
Etocki! and I»ans C79 20
la'.errst due and accrued on Bonds
and MortjraKes 1.62S 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion IC0.S4S 37
.
. Total asset. .$3,032.378 87
LIABILITIES." ~— -
Lotses adjusted and unpaid $17,338 31
Licises !n ['roc*?s of Adjustment pr
in 6u5pen*e 37.036 P2
Lcts*s resisted, including expenses. 6,823 00
tiro** premiums on Fire Hlrks run-
ning one year or lese. $467,731 00;
reinsurance SO per cent 233,863 54
Gross premiums on Fire Rirks run-
ning rcore than one year, $710,-
076 86; reinsurance pro rata .... 368,412 13
Amount r*claimable by the insured
en perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
>?ie« • 8S2.633 12
Commissions and Brokerage du«
asd to become due 24,384 22
TotaJ LlabKJtSc $1,671,313 24
1%-roMK. ~
Kct cash actually received for Fire
premiums $643,948 52
Rrcei\ed for interest en Bonds and
Mortgages 6 ,S03 20
HeceSved for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all ot»i»r vources 100 223 P4
Kec»'lved for 3:.-r.:« 7.059 10
Tcta! Income $767,004 M
rXPKNDITTFnP. "
SCet «mount psld for Fire Losses
(including *¦;:.':<;.< ."S. losses of
previous » ear» S351.75I »3
IJividend* to s?tockhr>l<ler« ......:.. SO, 000 00
J'cfd or allowed for Commission or
BrokT»ge 14175923
3'aid ior Salaries. Fe«-» and other
charges for orflcern, clerks, etc.. S3 634" 33
I'a'd for State. National and Local
t**" •• 20.802 31
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 02.344 37
Total Expenditures $722. TiTZ "I
\srrt+ Incurred during the rear $'i6:'..oci 73
P.isUs and Premium*.} Flie n!«ks.| Premiums.
N*t amount of HIjIcf
written during .the
jeer \ $63.S77,O07 $82C.8*> 07
Net oraoiant of Riskr
expired J:irinif the
year ! tf.SIS.472 7IS.352 74
»t «mcunt In for^e!
December T.\. lt»02.l no.lSfi.DTO 1.122.%3 (a
3. XV. MCALLISTER. Prwt.
K. T. rnrSSON, Sett.
f'.ib^cribed kv.A affirmed to before me th'j
Klh day cf Xnrnnry. JtHXJ.
SAMUEL H. KIRKFATRfCK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COASOEPARTMENT. .
218 SANSOMB ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F- GRANT. Manager.
A. H. Tiw-THEN, Asst. Mariagtr.
G. H. L'MBSKN & CO.. City Asents. 2u
IU ntgnnj^O' rtrwt.
WeeH7 CalL$LOO pr Year
The Goodyear 3Iacldntosh CoiVonc of the oldest and most reliable manufacturers of Mackintoshes and Kainproof Gar-
ments, has been forced to retire froni business.
In consequence of which we haro rented temporarily the building at 997 and 999 Market street, corner Sixth, to in-
augurate this great special sale. -Never, in the history 'of this Coast has the public been offered an opportunity to secure
Think of it, with. the rainy season so close, and a chance at hand to secure one of these garments for yourself and
friends, which is the most useful part of your wardrobe for the winter season.
To think of our 28 retail stores throughout the United States, which have been closed, and the entire combined
stock has been placed in this massive'building! All we have to say is, that if prices are ah inducement to the California pub-
licwc will have no trouble to dispose;bf our entire stock, in a short time.
Xote carefully every item oftlie following remarkably low prices:
j MEN'S MACKINTOSHES, made- up from BOYS* MACKINTOSH COATS, made Sti //, 9
fl&-:>,' "' -¦ - filiis' diagonal clothe lined thfbnshout , with up in the latest box style, double-breasted, CZ±J /,/ t
G&&&/////, plaid linings, in; cape and box\ style; , former with velvet collar; cloths English coy- <-££>,/// ¦
Tk*}/// -'•// * Price $5.50. Sale-price...... «inh "ts; variety of colors; former «inQ // >g* {///// J
M&Iy/// // : ... ! J. . ., . . . J 1 My P r:ce ' 54 50. 'Sale pn ce »P 1 .W / /> J_7 A/
/ /^L|b4fc//W MEN'S MACKINTOSH (JOATS, made up Ladies' very fine Raglan and Automobile / V^S&o/^C /'
'diBwffijfflWtH/ * in the latest box' style, double-breasted, with styles, matle up of the finest all-wool cloths ////I \'/A/\Sv/
/£WWm\/msm\i-/ velvet collar. Cloths are English covertfcol- of' different colors, lined throughout with '//I 1//y\(
iw/wwfO T/ PMtM\ 1/ ors tan, Oxford.'gray and black and 'blue*; very fine plaid linings in the very latest up- //-/ N' \ \)
W-f^^hJA^y/ former price $8.50. Sale price CTflfl to-date style?; former price', $9.50. Cp CQ f I I I l o o \J
SyK ilifiHwSf *. .MEN'S MACKINTOSH COATS, made up Special lot of ladies' fine MACKIN- /t/wX^J?^//
' WfiftW- twll "" 'Mvl V^ m the latest box style, double-breasted, with TOSH SUITS, made up with detachable / / ffW \ V /
i^HVi" '}$£ velvct collar. Cloths are all-wool English cape and skirt of all-wool cloth, lined 1 JJ fc\ \ X/
'Sffiil fl K af chcck anfl I )laids ' tan - rav and brown; for- throughout; in all the latest shades; former Pfcr^w \o/A
mm 'Av/ mer pncc $ I2 '5°- Sale price <P5 C(\ price $10.50 to $25. Sale price <T5 PA >M>| 1 / V,
»§^SS)1S hi/ ¦•¦ "" H*Y»? V of this lot.......' JpD.DU I J^ \ A
MEN'S MACKINTOSHES, made of very NOTICZ-This is a very fine lot of La //// V A
SPBimHf fi » e 'mPorted cloth, latest box style, stitch- dics . Importcd R ag]ans nd Automobile /// O \/\
¦ M%$ mfiHBL> . c . d ' strapped and cemented, velvet collar, , es The cloths are extra fine high grade / / / / XJ \
>tlm JSli 1 ?'^^ Imed throughout wnn extra fine plaid hn- wool and silk, lined throughout with Eng LI / \ /
Mm W>M$m \"nf • T' Sray^ f" d • EnghS '^ y !a «ii »«h plaid linings;- former price ff5 rn W *\y
fjfenUl! 1^ MEN'S MACKINTOSHES* AND CRA- LADIES' CRAVENETTES, in several shades and styles; the finest
VENETTE RAIN COATS, made of the of English rainproof imported cloth. Just the thing for fall wear. Are
t|jyr' i^fllSt sa finest imported cloth in a variety of the lat- selling elsewhere from $_'o.oo to $30.00. Saletf«C lYfi t/\ HA
'S&T est shades and colors. ' Raglan and doubte- price *pD»\f\J IO 4>ltj»VV
%4gnm *W , breasted box style; can be worn as a regu- 1111111 ' '
d p <3sF* lar-ovcrcoat. Former price $18.50. tfP CA C DEnim voti^c - / :
***^ < • Sale pricc J2OU SPECIAL \9TICE.
mpm'c PPAVFMFTTT7Q Awn t?atm poatc n Mackintoshes for large men. extra sizes, running from
MENS CRAVENETTES AND RAIN COATS, can 4 6 to 44. made in Box and. Raglan styles from import- ".
f be worn rain or shine. These arc the gems of style, d clo^ in . all the j atest sh t des . J For . *CCf\ &
cut exactly like custom top coats made or the finest mer . pr ; cc ' from $15.50 to $22,50. .Sale price .JO.DU W
imported silk and wool fabrics and guaranteed abso- v vjj v.j k t
lutely water-proof. Their equal in style, fit and' dura- GIRLS* MACKINTOSHES, double, texture, detach- <£AxS
bilitv cost elsewhere $18 <J*C f\f\ f*v CIO f\f\ able box cape> velvet collar, plaid lined throughout; /Tel^rw
to $30. At this sale enly %pd»\J\J IU very fine all-wool English cloth, latest color ff-j CA W $y\s
> shades; former price, $4.50. Sale price $X**J\J /TT^C
OUR STOBE WILL BE OPEN EVENINGS DURING NOTXS -All our branch stores closed. Our only [I A}
_„,- - AfF IIMTII THF Hft , fnAV «. location, Cootiyear Mackintosh Co^ 99! and 997 fV^f
THIS SALE UNTIL THE HOLIDAYS. MarKet Su cor . $ixtn . B1
OUT-OF-TOWN ORDERS GIVEN PROMPT ATTENTION. SEND LENGTH AND BUST MEASURE. ALL ORDERS MUST BE AC-
COMPANIED BY EXPRESS OR MONEY ORDER. SPECIAL PRICES WILL BE MADE TO DEALERS BUYING LARGE/LOTS.
997I999 MARKET STREET/ Corner Sixth, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
OUR ONLY LOCATION.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ . -. - • ¦
\fwr- *T YT "W^ Tnt STOMACH, BOWEL AND KIDNEY
I I %# $Jr fJp DISEASES GURED QUICKLY,
I , B \l flj |^ PERMANENTLY AND CHEAPLY
JLA JL ¥ UAL BY ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY.
t OTmw »!.... w .^^w. TT . Kead w^*t Mn. Jull» A. MitciaU of
$?$$,' ' 'V " 958 Pifthi •*., Oailind, iayi *bout liu
' %1 j***Jss*+. jflS$S?3 ' • Mn, Mitchell aay»: "I had suffered
j^^p^'SeaMKaMBHggr vith a severe liver and stomach trouble
' for eighteen longr years. To ke«?p oft the
severe pains I was compelled to take
wBm£t{0§^linlrojnfr^^OTiBnti "" ' morphine, and the after efTacts of this
' "^^SEf terrible drus: were worse than my pains.
£$^"#«|$5*5»p ' - VmSJ . but the pains were so horriMe that I
. Wmfc^$»&£<t*^>i. jt&it^ Wtft simply had to tako the morphine. I had
¦ - WmMlsSEiMmer -T^!^'s?> ' read ot remarkable cures • of Electro-
Wem&am&^'Jk+k \1* , treatment doing me any good, but out of
m : *' T >:^*£Ej''t? I sheer desperation. I went l^themectr^-
jfj! ' ' Francisco, for examination and advice. I
SS»ilPii&^*i$*«3K£f^ *fc ' was so pleased with the Eli s ctro-Ch«?miP
f ; ' v J^K , ; methods that I at onee decided to take
: v? %&%. " - that if it did me no good it could not
&^^anp^3fy ¦^ J hi"' ¦¦'^aS^Bl^ i V' - '¦ make» me any worse, and the expense
m WRf^SF V ' - ' \vi1 . - -' was little. Well. I am happy to say that
W&fxi&r ' It < ~y^'< by the time I had taken five treatments
H * -"- <c ~ ~ & \ '< ¦ • I began to feel, myself simprovinsr. and at
wM^4 m<lW^* v *^;if^w^V*4 the end of my month's course I was bet-
BfcrwSi* •* - '• '¦ '' - : 'mMmtrFmti ter than I had been in eighteen years. I
feg& 4?: ' am now well and able to attend to my
l^ 1 ' * V't^l/^P^^^^E^^l^ household duties and there Is no neces-
p*tfe* ' t^^^*v!d&t&BlBwrlffl%$ift jslty to take opiates of any kind, which Is
(Signed)
MRS. JULIA A. SIITCpELU . MRS.fJULIA £ MITCHEXI*
958 Fifth st. Oakland. 9o3 Fifth St.. OAkland, CaL
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES PAINLESSLY AND
WITHOUT OPERATfON
Cancer. Tumors. THeers, X.niras. Consnmptlon, Deaf nets and Sead Koises. Ca-
SShT»niSiatism. JfenraUrU. »lsease« of the Eyes^Paralysl. and . iocomoto*
AtSSa. K«vSweakness and Kexron. StUttnMw. 1 riatnla , aad_»e«taX »Is-
eaiesi T.Vrtx, Stomach and Wto«y an* Bowel Troubles, and the Special Bis. ,
eases of' Men end Women. ' .^ ___^
HOME TREATMENT.
We loan outside "patients our Electro-Chemic apparatus for home treatment
free of charge - -We advise all our outside patients when it can possibly be done,
to come to our office for a thorough personal examination. In most Instances the
natlent can return .home the same day. taking the necessary treatment along.
When it is Impossible to visit us. write a careful description, of principal symp-
toms and fulUnstructlons will be promptly forwarded for home examination
and treatment? . . f
IvRE^rSL ELECTRO - GHEMIC
All sufferers who are tired of being IMOTITIITC
pick, those Tvho have worn out their 1 I YL\ I I I I I I I
stomachs swallowing drugs, those who ,. ||«U I I I V I U
have found from bitter experience that . : . .
I the older, methods of treatment do not || q CDlUT IVFUHF Rftrl Pfl^T^T
1 help them— all are Invited to come to us 1 lo OrtAll AltHUC f UJa. rUiJI 01*
! for free examination. We will explain c*w FDitNCKrn.
how Electro-Chemistry acts. We will »AN rKANUISCO.
demonstrate how and why it cures. — r. . ' _ .
Come at once, no matter what your sick- Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. ra. and T to
ness is arid no matter how.long you have 8 p.m. daily. Sundays. 10 turn, to 1p.m.
been sick, nor how. many treatments you Separate apartments for xaaies aaa gen-
may have used without being cured- » tlemea. i
' APVEBTISEMSKTB. ~" ,* •
8 The Story of Whisky recks with the horrors ||
B of frail- humanity and cries aloud 'the misery m
I of an uneven figh t against an all-destroying evil. .It; Iff
|3 tells a dreadful talc of cold-blooded crime and m
f shuddering deeds. It enters the hapoiest scenes and m
K leaves a stain of shame. It breaks the bonds of love §8
§jj and friendship a nd extinguishes the peaceful home gj|
|n lights. It turns the earth into a frightful pesthousc M
M and points the way to a lost world where Death stalks EM
£J in hideous pomp, cutting down the agonized procea- M
Ij slon or Drink-cursed mortals who totter to their BS
M doom.' It' is" a story thatpicturcs with keen realism rag
|| the dreadful scou rgc that has conquered nations, ni
K wiped out generations* and through its own fiendish Eg
JM insistency provoked a battle with science with so m
hi signal a victory for one great medical discdvery that |h
19 to-day Alcoholism is recognized in all lands as .vdis- |*4
M ease, which is readily curable through Dr. J. J. Me- ||
M Kanna's infallibl e method. • §1
H Dr. J. J McKanna's treatment for the Liquor Hab'.t Is a M
£3 - perfect m?Und of curing the victim of his .thirst and restor- 9
« Ini the diseased system to Its normal strenlth. This treat- j|
Eg ment fs completed In Three Days, and is permanent, to the H
jg end, as upward of 13,000 persons who have been cured at Jm
Eg th2 various McKanna Institutes wlil readily testify. f lt Is the j|l
h! on'y known treatment for the disease of Inebriety that Is M
K safe, certain and prrmanent. It cures to stay cured. ra
I Dp; J, J.McKanna 1
1 L' Iepl l?^ " I* Geary St., San Francisco i
l» M'-tn 1 '3/ ¦ '.. -•";¦• .... :,-'-¦ K9
R The Original and Only '3-Day Cure for the Liquor • ffi
k Habit.. Open Day, Night and Sundays. . ' M
B Sanitariums— Chicago, III.; Kansas City, Mo*; Oklahoma City; ra
S Des Moihcs, la.; Seattle, Wash. * ; B
I Dr.'M:K?nnt'sBook on AIcoho!iim sent pnt:qu:st, JaFluffy damsels of the stage world
again . made Judge Murasky's court
room their headquarters : yesterday
morning, and the usual throng that
longs for a sensation was also conspic
uous when the divorce suit of Maude
Amber against .Puerl Wilkerson came
up for the third^day, of its trial. It was
the defense's Inning:, and Puerl Wllker
son, the defendant, had the 'honor of
being the main attraction.
Wilkerson's usually, placid counten
ance changed when the days of his
courtship and loveniaking were brought
up In direct examination, and this man
of the mimic world and Its gay sur
roundings gave way to a flood of tears.
Maude Amber's Spouse Breaks
Down When Happy Days of
His Courtship Are Recalled
WEEPS WHILE
HE TESTIFIES
The annual jockeys' ball at the Me
chanics' Pavilion last night attracted
a large crowd of merry-makers. The
immense floor .was the scene, of "many
a merry, whirl from the time the Taf
fair began till It broke up in the small
hours of the morning.
Jockeys' Ball Attracts Crowd.
At the last regular meeting of the
San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club the
following officers were elected - to
serve during the ensuing term: Royal
chief, George W. Paterson; \ chieftain.
David Young; recorder, Alexander E.
Carlisle; treasurer, John Ross; finan
cial secretary, James Tod; sergeant at
arms, William Crystal; propertyman
and librarian, John W. Davidson;
trustees. Robert, H. Murray, Walter
C. Campbell, Thomas Christie.'
Thistle Club Elects Officers.
John Sroufe, who has laid claim to
the Cliff House on an. attachment of
$30,000, yesterday filed an Indemnify
ing bond of $20,000 with Sheriff Liack
mann to cover the claim of the Pabst
Brewing Company in the sum of $10,
000 against J. M. Wilkins et al. The
bond was given' by the American
Surety Company. Sroufe has already
given a bond In the sum of $40,000 to
protect adverse claimants to the prop
erty of the Cliff House. • •
Srotife Files indemnifying Bond.
Coffee has been cultivated in Venezuela
since 1879. It is now that country's
chief commercial product.
In Spain the dally wage of a field la*
borer ranges from 20 to 28 cents without
board.
the ground of neglect. She also wants
permission to resume her maiden name,
Finlay. Fhe alleges that for a year or
more he has compelled her to depend
upon relatives and friends for her sup
port.
The relatives of a lady who had died,
leaving a legacy to a favorite donkey in
order to sectrre its comfort, recently
came into court and asked for a decision
as to who was to enjoy the legacy after
the donkey's decease. "The next of kin,"
wa3 the Judge's verdict. — Punch.
Meiroi>ol!lan Business College.
Ex-Supt. R. H. Webster. See educa
tional column. •
In the inquest upon the body of
Michael Walsh, who was killed at Fif
teenth and Harrison streets on Decem
ber 6 by a railroad train, a verdict was
returned that the manner of the acci
dent was unknown to the Jury.
Within the last year the bodies of
three men have been found at the foot
of the cliff at the~ Intersection of Mont
gomery and Lombard streets. This cliff
was formed by quarrymen. Its crest
on Telegraph Hill is not lighted at
night and is altogether unprotected by
a fence or any other obstruction. The
unfortunate victims of municipal apa
thy were supposed to have walked off
the cliff while wandering around the
steep sides of the hill while intoxicated,
and there have been whisperings of
foul play and robbers', but the police
have never been able to secure any evi
dence to show that death was the re
sult of a crime.
The latest victim was Clarence Frank,
a young soldier from the Angel Island
barracks. He was found unconscious
on December 7 and died in the Central
Emergency Hospital a short time after
ward. At the inquest held yesterday
the jury returned a verdict that death
was accidental, caused by falling over
the cliff, and the Jury recommended
that the city erect a fence to prevent
further accidents.
Charlotte M. Lowe, who was mar
ried to Thomas B. Lowe at Chicago
eleven years ago, wants a divorce on
Ftctti the records in the marriage
license office it was learned that the
name of the plaintiff in the action prior
to her marriage to Girt was Hazel
Kline. Gift secured a license on July
24. 1902, to make her his wife. From
the same source it was also learned
that this la Gift's second appearance
as a defendant in the divorce court.
In 1896 he was sued for divorce on the
ground of cruelty by Anna May Gift.
In February erf that year she was
granted a divorce by Judge Slack, and
Gift was ordered to pay her $40 a
montJi alimony. At that time Gift was
employed by the Southern Pacific, his
position being a responsible one. Sev
eral times after the divorce had been
granted Gift was haled into court on
contempt proceedings, due to his fail
ure to comoly with the court's order
regarding alimony, and was ordered
into confinement at the County Jail.
He was also haled into court for in
terfering: with Mrs. Gift's possession of
their one child.
Frank Lee Gift, a trell known man
s-bo-jt town and owner of a cafe at the
comer of Jones and Ellis streets, is
the defendant in an action for divorce
be^un yesterday by Hazel R. Gift. She
sues on the grounds of Infidelity and
cruelty. The papers in the case were
sealed by order of court, thereby keep
ing from the public the name of the
corespondent and the specific acts of
cruelty allesed by Mrs. Gift.
GIFT IS FICKLE,
SAYS HIS WIFE
DEADLY CLIFF
IS UNGUARDED
A pretty wedding took place last
evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Simon W. Powell, 160 Golden Gate ave
nue, when their daughter. Miss Geor
gia Ray Farmer, became the bride of"
Frank Dean Henderson. -Rev. George
C. Adams officiated. The bride was at
tended by Miss Nita Farmer and Frank
M. Knostnan. Christmas berries and
foliage were effectively arranged In
decoration. Sixty invited friends wit
nessed the marriage and shared in the
wedding: festivities.
Mr. and Mrs. Henderson will .reside
In this city upon returning from a
brief wedding trip.
The following women constitute the
board of managers: Mrs. D. H. Whitte
more, president: Miss F. A. Sprague.
treasurer; Mrs. F. A. Robbin, secre
tary; Mrs. A. N..Towne, Mrs. Charles
Alexander, Mrs. J, H. Hatch, vice pres
idents; airs. F. J. Carolan, Mrs. A. E.
Brooke Ridley, Mrs. Morris Meyerfeld
Jr., Mrs. I. Hecht, Mrs. I. W. Hellman.
Mrs. J. Hoyt, Mrs. E; E. Park, Mrs.
Archibald Kains and Mrs. A. Chese
brough, directors.
The managers of the California Wom
an's Hospital announce that their an
nual donation days will be *on Mon
day and Tuesday, December 21 and 22.
Donations of money, groceries, linen
or anything for the sufferers in the
free ward wfll be gratefully received
at Goldberg, Bowen & Co.'s store, 232
Sutter street, or at the hospital, 3118
Sacramento street.
• • *
The Guild of Arts and Crafts, Miss
Octavia Holden president, continued its
exhibition at the Palace Maple room
yesterday and will be open to the pub
lic on Monday from 10 O'clock In the
morning until the same hour. In the
evening. The large room was thronged
with patrons throughout the entire day
and will probably attract as many peo-[
pie to-morrow. The laces, tapestries,'
ceramics, carvings anti artistic baskets
and pictures are especially Inviting.
Italian and modern French and Eng
lish laces are the subject of much com
ment, and the Battenberg lace of Mrs.
Charles Wheeler and Miss , Cohen is
much admired. Mrs. Lindstrom's weav
ing of 'tapestries, table covers, portieres
and other things wins much public in
terest.
Those invited to assist in receiving
were Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs. Rus
sell Wilson, Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Mrs.
Florence Frank, Mrs. George Aimer
Newhall, Mrs. Walter Martin, Miss
Emily Wilson, Miss Gertrude Hyde-
Smith. Miss Newell Drown, Miss Helen
Chesebrough, Miss Isabel Kittle, Miss
Linda Cadwalader, Miss Margaret Mee,
Miss Lucy Coleman, Miss Christine
Pomeroy, MIs3 Gertrude Jollffe, Miss
Genevieve King and Miss Hazel King.
Mr. and Mrs. William Mayo Newhall
presented their charming daughter,
Margaret Newhall, to society at a tea
which they gave at their home yester
day afternoon. Miss Newhall has Just
returned from Europe, where she has
had study and travel before entering
upon a social career. She has a most
attractive personality and Is being cor
dially welcomed by both old friends
and new ones. The Newhall home was
prettily decorated with Christmas ber
ries, mistletoe, vases of cut flowers and
a profusion of foliage. A large number
of callers was received during the after
noon and most hospitably entertained.
Mrs. Swift, becomingly gowned In
black silk, warmly welcomed her guests
with Mrs. Norris, who was even more
charming than usual in white renais
sance lace over chiffon and" silk. Her
only ornaments were pearls. Miss Helen
Baily wore a dainty gown of white
valenclennes over silkand carried white
roses. Those who assisted in receiving
were Miss Mary Josselyn, Miss Hazel
King, Miss Genevieve King, Miss Ruth
McNutt, Miss Margery Gibbons, Miss
Florence Gibbons, Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ington. Miss Marian Huntingdon, Miss
Alys Sullivan and Miss Elsie Dorr.
The house was lavishly decorated
with flowers. Pink predominated in the
drawing-rooms, where roses, carnations
and chrysanthemums were massed
with artistic effect. In the dining
room the color scheme was red, Includ
ing Christmas berries interspersed with
foliage. The refreshment table was
made attractive with flaming poinset
tias.
One of the most delightful debutante
teas of the season was given by Mrs.
John F. ' Swift yesterday afternoon at
her residence, 824 Valencia street. It
was the means of' formally introducing
Miss Helen Ingram Baily to society.
The new debutante Is the younger
daughter of Mrs. E. M. Norris and a
niece of Mrs. Swift. She greeted their
friends with sweet cordiality of man
ner, which insured her popularity at
once. Six hundred invitations were is
sued for the affair, and during the re
ceiving hours, from 4 to 6 o'clock, the
spacious rooms were crowded with
handsomely gowned visitors. Many gen
tlemen were also present. Including
army officers, as the debutante's father,
the late Charles M. Baily, was In the
Government service.
CHARMING- BUD
MAKES FORMAL
DEBUT AT TEA
"A", thief forced open a showcase In
the rooms' of the State' Mining Bureau,
ferry, building, .yesterday, and /stole i'a
gold, slug valued .at ; $150.. .Detective
Gibson ¦ has been detailed on the case/
Stole a Gold Slug.
- Pretty : papetries In beautiful . boxes.
¦Envelopes \ and paper - tied with silk rib
botis. Handsome and useful for Christ
mas. Sanborn.YVail & Co., 741 Market st.»
For several moments he wept softly,
and the room was hushed while hl3
tears flowed and till he could regain
his self-possession. •
"Wilkerson denied ' ever, having- been
familiar with Myrtle Rosedale or any
other member or the "Fiddle Dee Dee"
chorus. He was ever, ready with his
answers after his weeping spell, and
flatly contradicted' every statement
Mrs. Oveta'Hawes had made while ehe
was on the stand. for the plaintiff. He
reviewed in detail the trip of the."Fid
dle Dee Dee 1 .', road company in the
Northwest, and denied < having ever
been unduely intimate with Myrtle
Rosedale, either, there or in this city,
as 'alleged by, Mrs. Hawes. v 
' Zora Irving, Agnes Williams and Ma
bel Daragh, chorus girls who occupied
the . same dressingrroomY with Mrs.
Hawes'at.the Grand Opera-house some
months ago, were put' on the stand by
the defense 'to'; show 'that , the young
woman had a bad reputation for truth.
'"¦ None of them knew Mrs. Hawes be-'
fore she played at the Grand Opera
house, but they all swore that the fair
soubrette could not be relied upon to
tell the truth. "While they were on. the
stand Miss Amber. Mrs. Hawes and
their collection of friends spent their
time ' in glaring hard at the witnesses
"and whispering a few things among
themselves.-
Anna Gorman, the chorus girl who
was on the stand for the defense dur
ing Thursday's proceedings, was cross
examined again by Attorney Humphrey,
but she had no new evidence to relate.
Mrs^ Rose Bacon, landlady of the
O'Farrell ; street lodging-house where
Mrs.* ¦ Hawes is alleged to have called,
was -put on the stand, but before' she
began her : testimony Attorney New
brough substituted Wilkerson. The trial
will be resumed to-morrow morning at
9: SO o'clock.
tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER* 13, -1903.
40
ADVERTISEMENTS. _,
SThis Store Is Headquarters for
.CHRISTMAS FURS
| We Guarantee to Save You 25 Per Gent or More
I Sealskin Jackets $125.00 to Sable Fox Boas $7.5O . to
$330.00 937.50.
Nearseal Jackets §25.00 to Isabella Fox Boas 97.50 to
$55.00. 95.1.OO.
Astrakhan Jackets J?32.5O to Red Fox Boas $10.00 to ;
I&G5.OO. ?3u.OO. : , ¦ ,;
Broadtail Jackets ?225.OO to B1 | c 5 k 5 *°* B ° 3S ?1 °' O ° tO
f«. Opossum Boas 915.00 and
H Persian Lamb Coat3 990.00 to 917.50.
B 9223.00. Ncck Furs to 9350.O0.
g White Fox Boas 91O.OO and Stoles 91O.OO to 9275.OO.
jj 91S.OO. Fur Sets at All Prices.
1/ggl Almost ihc first person to visit our Third
Floor yesterday was a dealer in furs.
I4ffi$fifisl**3Bfc) No— that's the curious part— he bought a
Hfi£g||ig]^p If dealers can buy in this Fur store
WSOr^X^ — to £C^ again — it's pretty convincing proof
ymf Jj that. our styles are best and our prices least.
Jllll^ FEATHER BOAS MAKE FINE XMAS GIFTS
IfiiB&k * We Kave a Big 2nd SpIeldid stocki
/ M '^^P PriC8S start at S7t50 and End at S25i0 °
* ' H I Our HaIf " Yearl y Clearance Sale of Women's Suits,
8 '% &$& ffl JacS(et^ skirts ' Waists and Petticoats
1 *^wlff STARTS T °- M0RR0W '
H EVERY PRICE HAS BEEN TELLINGLY REDUCED.
h It will be a splendid opportunity for those who believe in giving
H useful Xmas gifts. - '.¦=¦,',.. . ¦ >
H Bcjinning Saturday, December 19th, our store will be op^ even-
JJL ings until Christmas. / '"V w~'"-"
: . , , ; ; . 2JEWMAN & LEVINSON. . . .
Christmas Stocks in Delightful Assortments
Holiday (^n^O 1 "Tvf^ C* (3 • Holiday W&?£)
Feather Boas /AlW t\t fvwwnr f%rv <VfcK4W& Waist Sale
A larg* shipment purchased W W>MWMW «tVd 1 $J\JW>IVS\V $8. $9 ana $.0.00 SOk Waists
under exceptional circumstances \r Mrnv ~ n * * n i* er <si* --^ — T^ : Now $5.OO
at the most exceptional prices C»lb. On sale tomorrow— Beautiful
will go on sale Monday. rrr^± H jgh Q ra de Silk Waists, reduced
Coque Feather Boas-latest Parisian ......Forenoon Shopping is Most Pleasant and Satisfactory * to less than the price of the siik
novelty, 2 yards long, in white, — ¦ — — : — — — — -— — — — —all are stylish and handsomely
black, light blue and pink, special TT -- f . r ¦ r d^i\ ' made, some with pretty tucks
e « h . s 850 rlandkerchiers tor dnnstmas and . hemstitcMngs, others eie-
Ostrich Feather Boas- \% yards . 4 „ ¦ ct^ . gantly embroidered— colors suit-
: long, very full and made of finest % , (Pi»t Floor Kearay street) able for street or evening wear-
selected plumes, in black, white,. ; Nowhere else will you" find equal assortments, and no- Waists worth $8 00 $9.00 and
• gray and natural, also black and where such values. Thousands and thousands of these dainty <Tnnn . ar u a « to ' « o a f the
white ra ixedj special at d square^have been imported specially for this Holiday Season jE^'tf ... S .....$5.00
* auu> * ¦ Embroidered, initial, lace trimmed and plain— styles and F '
Vp . /second >ioor\ kinds to meet every fancy. • • c ~\ C t> 1 ( riT * t rioOT \
Tapestry (.««««««) Udies , Handkerch 4 ;/ lacc Mens . Pure Irish Lincn Hwdker- ¦ Sale of Real Uuuerstj
T» U1 r^-~*r<*.~~ edges, hemstitched and scalloped chiefs, hemstitched with Hand rj,,,-,,. r^^^Ae
1 able Covers embroidered, pure linen, each embroidered initials— box of six, jXLDOny uOOQS
.. A useful Xhristmas Gift. iJ^H^Em^S^'F^ Mens' Black Silk Muffl^s^or WhiIe , y ou « e m3k ' 1^ P res '
They are in the choicest of Floral, Handkerchiefs, embroidered on qualities-iK yards lone each ents make S ood ones » here B a
Turkish and Mosaic designs — . very sheer linen, each 41 00 to M 50 lotof real Ebony almost as low as
guaranteed fast colors, extra |I.OOto$l5.00 »• S?.Eg£ you can buy the imitation— and
heavy and finished on all sides Ladies'Novelty Colored Handksr- Childrens' Colored Border Hand- a n are handsomely decorated
M/Jth h-aWLrnn++»H frinpp chiefs, great variety of designs, kerchiefs, with dainty colored „.;», .*.,i; n( , cilver
with heavy knotted fringe. ln plain 6 and initialed, each embroidered initials; Wlth sterling silver.
2x2 yards, value $3.25 at $2.50 25cto$8.50 Box of three 25c Hair Brushes.. $1.00
2X2M yards, value $4.25 at.... $3.50 Ladies' Duchesse and Point Lace Children's Colored Border Hand- Military Brushes $1.00
lx\ vards v»T£e J< « at U 25 Handkerchiefs, in a large atsort- kerchiefs, put up In fancy boxes, "? n J Ml L rorS u J?'?2
2x3 yards, value $5-25 at $4.25 t f new patterns containing 3-special at Clothes Brushes $1.25
— . $2.00 to $25.00 I5c.perbox. Hat Brushes. 85c
-v- V>*r /PintFioorx - 1 — : — Dressing Combs 50c
Xmas Gifts Uuuerstj Xmas Gloves for Fvervhnrlv vi a /™* *>~<\
i'« TTmKr^liac -A.in<i^ Ajiu vc5 . lui XLVCryDOay Eiderdown (Ke*n, y st.)
in umDrenas ¦ (Pirst Floor( Ketray Slrcet)
We show a large and hand- For Ladies, Gents and Children. All the newest and best bacques and KObes
some assortment of Umbrellas, Gloves for Walking, Driving or Evening wear. Make your Here's a sale that's bound to
made of best materials with selections from a stock that is large and complete in assort- f^ th j s sec tion with eaeer
handles of ivory and pearl, silver ments. Prices are always right. buyers— values are remarkable
trimmed; also Dresden and Ladies' 2-dasp "Amazon" Kid Gsnts' i-dasp Walking Gloves In and thev are iust the thins for
natural wood handles, silver Gloves, for street or evening tan, brown and English red-an th mornines *
frirr,m*H Prir*« rinc- wcar ' a11 colors lncludln 2 black . excellent wearing article, special tnese coia mornings.
trimmed. Prices range. per pair $1.00 , per pair .$100 Eiderdown Sacques in plain colors,
Ladies'.. ....from85c.to$IO.OOeach Ladies' 3 -clasp made Childrens' 2-dasp Kid Gloves, sailor collar handsomely appliqued
Gents'..... from $1.00 to $12.50 each of finest selected skins; perfec- with neatly embroidered backs, special at >i.ou
Childrens'...from $1.00 to $3.25 each tion of fit; all colors, also black in tan, mode, beaver, red, brown Eiderdown Robes, In plain red, gray
iffWui. -«-r, *a pppp A « ,11 and white, per pair $1.50 and white, per pair $1.00 or Hght blue; large round collar,
Initials engraved rKtt on all «i»» v »« 9n H nn<-iri»t« anniinn^
; Umbrellas. Our Glove Orders make acceptable Holiday Gifts. snVdal at P PP «4 50
. We issue them for any amount. speclat aI **' ou
Worsted Goods OUR entire STOCK OF R ea l shell Goods
(Third Floor. Kearny Street) Ti f- /A r» A» C O T\ f\ A rf f^Li d CCl^irO ff^ {Fir»t Floor Satter St.)
Always useful and acceptable as -DrOIlZeS ana t\Yl OiaSSWare Fine Tortoise shell articles for
Holiday Presents. At One-Qliarter Off Regular Prices CSSSi/S!') ladies ' hair ornamentation that
Woven Woolen Shawls $1.25 This is one of the greatest -opportunities of the entire make sensible Holiday Gifts.
Circular Capes, hand made $1.75 Holiday season. We can't be too emphatic about it— Beautiful gg} f^jj gj'J Combs 65c
Worsted Slippers, for Ladies.... 75c Bronzes, Bric-a-Brac and imported Glassware, that are most R ea | shell Hair Retainer's ....... ,70c
Worsted Slippers, for Gents.... $1.50 appropriate for Chirstmas Presents, are now being offered at Real Shell Neck Combs... ......BOc
Golf Vests, for Ladies $1.75 25 PER CENT less than regular prices. Among them are Real Shell Back Combs $1.00
Wool Sweaters, for Boys $1 .00 hundreds of unique styles in Real Shell Loop Hair Pins.... .$2.00
~ ~~ r ~. Vases, Bowls, Statuette*. Figures, Bust*. Groups and Electroliers. #"•!,' * /First Floor \
t? • '•.' {Tlrtt Floor\ Smokers' Sets, Aih Trays, Cifar Cutters, Cijar Holders, Liqueur Sets, . \^«nOlCe - V Sutter st. 7
HXqUlSltC V sutter St. ; Match Holders, Steins, Card Receivers, Clocks, Ink Wells, Blotters,
tt i ;V i r> ? Paper Cutters, Cmdle Sticks, Cupi and Saucers, Desk and Cabinet Ooera BaP"S
Holiday Fans Ornaments, etc.. etc. ... w^ia.
: P^: s S:5 Choice Leather Goods l^^^^li
E^uisne Display of Christmas GlfU 8^g§S^t^ X
J ' . 5 w«rk Er Lhit, . -iwl A more com P lete *» better or choicer representation of or jeweled mounted frames —
i; LJLri «r * nr Z \J1 Leather Goods was never shown in this city — every beauti- some were made expressly for us
cf.vt« nr&« r Jtfiin frn ful and artistic novelty that is made up from leather is here. and will not be found elsewhere.
sucks prices ranging irom Nq matter w hat you pay, you get the newest and the best to Prices $2.50 to $10.00 each
. 65C to ; $15.OO each be had. —
¦'¦ *^ , Wrist Bags made of seal, walrus or Leather Letter Cases for men; seal, Ne\V (Ke"rny 1< st r )
r* ,~ \Jt^^^"\ /First Fioor\ saffian leather, all new shapes walrus, alligator and lizard skin.-
LrUn Metal and colors, each...JI.OO to $6.00 black or colors, each $1.00 to $5.00 Neckwear for Ladies
xj ].•? Automobile Bags in a great variety Suit Cases of seal, alligator and
INOVClLieS of choice leathers, with chain or sole leathers, some fitted, others a xu\A* ranwA nf aift* r* n u~
leather handles, each plain with shirt pocket inside. A wiae range or gilts can be
A great variety of exquisite $1.50 to $6.75 each $5.00 to $25.00 selected trom this department
articles, made from genuine gun Carriage Bags made of fine, im- Alligator Club Bags made of the alone, for nothing is more accept-
metal now on display— -some of ported leathers, some fitted, others best quality skins, with brass able than a dainty piece of
the special values for to-morrow plain ; black and colors, each locks and catches, each u neckwear — for tomorrow we
are . $2i75 to $7.50 $3.50 to $7.50 offer;
_ ,".,,. ow Childrens' Wrist Bags, of saffian Leather Traveling Rolls, fitted with . .... ,.... -. . n .. l4
PocketKnives 85c . or walrus, all colors, each articles for ladies' and gents* use, L T lt * f S i lk f f toc k . Collars- latest
Coin Holders....... .......... .$1.25 '50c. each.. $2.35 to$IO.OO imported styles, handsomely tailor-
t> u ij . Z, «- ,,, . ,. r-nr-r- n i »t. /- j ¦" u 4. j » 1* *-i made, somt with drawn work, soms
Pen Holders $1.25 We stamp the name FREE on all Leather Goods — but don't wait until beaded, -others with exquisite Per-
Cigar Cutters ............. ....$1.50 the rush— select- now that we may give the work pftper attention. sian embroidery, in white, black and
Match Boxes ..^.. ....$1.65 Christm., Orders Issued for Any Amount "" eotill.OO, $1.50 and $2.25 each
Just received new Hat Pins— Merchandise or Glove Orders Purchased Here .will be honored In . . .. ¦ ... ,..,.*
beautiful assortment.... 25c to$3.50 *- an y department at any time. Latest Automobile Veils just received.
ADVERTISEHESTTS. . " : \
————— — — — — — -*— — —— —~ — . ,
oceceGoeoeGeG3C6s®e©3G030G©«ie«9®e©e@©e®«ceeoo
I Dry Goods Company. I
§ . •
o ©
0 ¦ ¦ - -I o
1 LADiES' MAN-TAILORED SUITS, show- f
g ing the right, approved and salable good-form J
% garments* %
§ ETAMINE, CLOTH, SILK and LACE S
S DRESS SKIRTS, properly made and in 8
S touch with the seaso::. S
| TAILORED WALKING SKIRTS. Unless §
g the proper cut is given to them, other good •
g qualit'es count for but little. •
g EVENING COATS AND JACKETS. Our |
§ lines are not only unbroken, but even better •
| than at the height of the season. g
g CRAVENETTE RAINSHINE COATS. 8
8 Every requirement met and every excellence 8
g embodied in our complete new line. g
c ©
C GET YOUR GLOVE ORDERS AT THE 8
8 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
O r«ry ttd StocHon Strests, Union Sqn&r9. ®
a ADVERTISEMENTS.
&*ajuc sax yw-Vft^W/
' Tjyvoyjr s4az> scAA Js$*sL Jrj^
nvTJVovr arrrnro v>.' ... <T ,
369 Sutter Street '
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes axe removed by
DR.^aad MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donoho*
building. 1X70 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
•car: wrmanency cuartnteed: Hours 1 to 4 cm;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE BOYCOTTERS IGNORED BY LADY PURCHASERS
UNPARALLELED SUCCESS OF OUR
SPECIAL 50c o@ SALE
GREATER ATTRACTIONS THIS WEEK
STYLISH" $ 20 - 00 Suits now 5 1 0.00
TAII op P i A np& ( '0Suitsnow$l2.50
SUITS • §35.00 Suits now $ 1 5.00
SWELL $17. JO Coats now $8.50
mu itadv $20.00 Coats now $10.00
MILITARY $2SM Coats now 3,2.50
COATS $30.00 Coats now $15.00
WALKING SKIRTS, $2.50, $3.50, 64, $5
REGULAR PRICE $5.00 TO $10.00.
Children's Coats, $2.50, $3.50, $4, $5, $6
REGULAR PRICE $5.00 TO $12.50.
| SEE OUR. WINDOWS |
. Wholesale Manufacturers
J^ 1142-1146 MARKET ST.Hi> — And does your doctor employ up
to-date methods? She — Oh. yes; he gives
trading stamps.— Yonkers' Statesman.
OAKLAND, Dec- 12. — Suit for
$120,000 damages for the crippling of
a 7-ye'ar-old child was begun against
the Southern Pacific Company to
day by «the parents of Edward Mor
gan of Berkeley.. Mrs. Mary Mor
gan has brought suit against the com
pany for $100,000 for the disfigure
ment of her child, while George W.
Morgan sues for $20,000 for doctor's
bills and loss of his child's help in fu
ture years. . ,,'
Sues Southern Pacific.
OAKLAND, Dec. 12. — G. F. Xourse,
father of Dr. B. S. Nourse, resident
physician at Folsom prison, was ad
judged suffering from senile dementia
by the Insanity Commissioners to-day
and was committed to the Stockton
Insane Asylum by Judge Hall. M. J.
Allen, an ex-soldier, recently dis
charged from Agnews, was arrested
again to-day by the police, who found
him standing in the middle of the
BU-eet reading "Billy Baxter's Letters,"
r^fardless of the rain that was fall
ing.
Xourse Sent to Stockton.
A number of th« young friends of Mlsi Susan
Ames tendered a surpris» birthday party last
Tuesday evening at her home, 2828 Grove
street. After an evening spent In games, de
lightful refreshments were nerved. The iniesta
were: Mis* Lulu Rlschel. Mlta Stella Jacobs
Misa Hyde Grau, Miss Ma« Staats, Miss Alice
Ulrlch*. H. H. Cluver. J. E. Ames, Frank
Ames. Lev! Moran, Joshua Crew. A. K. Herr
mann and Mm. M. A. , Ames.
Mm. Frank M. Wilson of Ridge road Is en
tcrulnlnir for the winter her nieces, the Mintea
Emma Lillian Lane and Rose Lane of Sant*
Parbara. MiM Emma Lane'a engagement to
Ouerneey Smith Brown of Santa Barbara waa
recently announced.
BERKELET. Dec. J2.— Mfss Virginia Pierce
entertained a number of friends Thuredav
ovenlnr at the home of her parenta. Mr and
Mrs. J. M. Pierce of 2401 Le Conte avenue
The hours were spent Jn dancing In the. hand
somely decorated parlors of the Pierce home
The mieats tvere: Miss Hope White. Ml., £Si4
r.f Santa Barbara. M!m Maud Jackson, Mls«
Louise Beaulonge. Miss Grace Foulda MIm
Pearl Judaon, Mls« Enid Williams, Miss Flor
ence Scnger. MIm Alice Senger. Mies Lucy
Pierce. Misa Shaw. Evan Wllliami, Samuel
£*astrcan. . : ...
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
This evening the Rev. R. Logan will
give his fourth lecture in the series
that he is now giving in Lebanon
Presbyterian Church, corner of San
chez and Twenty-third streets. The
subject will be "Spiritualism."
Rev. M. M. Haynes, one of the most
prominent divines of Chicago, will
address the mass meeting for young
men at the Toungr Men's Christian As
sociation auditorium, Maeon and El
lis streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock
Mr. Haynes will speak 1 On a special
theme to young men and all are in
vited. The California University Chi
nese quartet will sing.
Cj ifornla-street M. E.— Evening. "The
Problem of Sir.." Pastor. Rev. Clarence Reed.
.If -S" nd t ".V E -~ Mornlnir. 'X-nited Service.
or the Whole Man for God"; evenine "An Old
Epworth il E.-Morning, "To Whom Shall
riirtS » %. ?' r 5 Rca80n for Kot Forsaking
Ch Jl 9 . t - Pa^or, Rev. F. A. Koast.
rP Fv.rttr'Si.i 0 *! 111 * < ?, reel '-Ru 8S lan Church
Re*. Father Sebastian will preach In the Eng
lish language on "What Is Truth?"
w?™ M - K- Kmith win d'Uver the third of
Fn «t^o °? »?r m ° n! V'Chrlst the Restorer."
in the «*/«?¦£/ f""^ Church this morning.
fAiin-^ i, ln * at 7:;l ° tnere Wl " b« vespers,
followed by a eermon by Rev. M. J. Carey
The memben of the Hoctety of St. Vincent de
Paul will assemble in St. Paul's Church thN
fn^ofTan^F'r.n'c.^ % OT.?5 IS
l^ "LI 'n^^Paur.^lll^Ve^y:
E VC NeU;nd'e T r he Com »'" ii ™"i » or 'ooa/' "&*'.
Howard-street M. E.— Mernlns. "In HI.
Ptops : evenlnr. "Postibllltles and Perila of
lour? Men." Pastor. Rev. A. C. Bane
—r' r . st . M - , E -— Morninr. preaching; evenlnr.
Trainiiuc tp Our Parents Jn the Way They
Should Go." Pastor Rev. E. F Brown
Trinity M. E.- Morning. -The Coming Klng
rtom of Jesus ; : evening, sermon. Paetor, Hev.
Jchn A. B. A\ ilson.
fcimpson Memorial M. E.— Mcrnlnjr. preaching
by paatnr: evening, preaching by Rev. George
li. Smytho.
Services at the churches to-day will
be as follows:
Held This Afternoon fn St.
Paul's Hall.
Fourth Conference of the Year to Bo
PASTORS SELECT TOPICS
FOR SABBATH SERMON'S
E'!a. Eterrett.
Lcmonafle borth — Ml8« Jane Barrr, Miss Era
rr.a Maiony and Mr*. Da.vid Edwards.
r • ' pond — Mrs. Jackson. Miss Mounts, Miss
Ms* TVillard and Misa Grace Stott.
Junior auxiliary booth — Miss Addie Sherman
• nd Mif* Ethel Handyslde. assiEttd by junior
auxiliary-
A drama entitled "The Ladies of
Cranford" will be presented on Decem
ber 18 at the Centerville town hall by
the second year English class of the
Centerville High School.
The elocution class of California Col
les*> has arranged an entertainment to
take place at Mary Stuart Hall on Fri
day evening, December 18". The fol
lowing will take part:
Misses Alice Ranks. Hutb Barer, Maud %VpI
ttr. Ann* nurhara. Evelyn Rhtw, Mary MeJ
v!li# *nd Charles Kusrh. raul Murse. Cary
Htrtpavee, Chetier Cromwell and "Teddy"'
Hartt.
Fruitvale Camp No. 431 will give a
Christmas entertainment at Black
*an's Hall In Fruitvale on Christmas
HPre* The following officers have been
elected by the camp to serve during the
ensuinc term:
Junior past council, V:. n. TiTiitniore; coun
rii commander, W. J. Jenkins; aovlnor lieu
tenant. TV. Jl. Cowcn; banker. B. Fehnemann;
clerk. E. E. Hunt; escort. O. Tl\ Carton: B en
trr, I- H. Fkow; »-atchman. I. TomUnaon; or
rar.ist. E. F". Baker; manarer tor lone term.
H. M. Stoch.
The children of the Elmburst Gram
mar School will give a festival of song
in Red Men's Hall on Wednesday
evening. December 16.
A Christmas tree and entertainment
will be given by the Golden Gate Meth
odist Church on Tuesday, December 22.
The Utile Dulce Club will hold an
election of officers next Thursday at
lhe home of Mrs. Cahill, 1012 Forty
cizth street.
kten? of the Women's Guild of St. John's
Chords on the afternoon and evening
of December 19, at Loring Hall, on
Eleventh street, between Washington
end Clay. Following are the ladies in
charge of the different booths:
Fancy booth — Mrs. L. Kane and Mies Cow
lint, assisted by member* of the cuild.
Hcra'-male Christraa* delicacies — Mie« Mour.
ltd Mrs. Wlllard, Mrs. Cotton and Mrs. Btrow
brtdge.
Candy booth— Miss Knjlly Chamberlain, Mis*
Ms» Hou«on. Miss Alice Britlan and other*.
Irecresm b'Joth — Misg G. Albrecht and Miss
V. Kvdf, assisted by youae laiiies of the
church. '
Tea booth— Mrs. M. H. Ereek. Mis* Mar
raret Jaekscn, Mls« Katherlne Oray and Miis
Many Orpani/.ations Plan Functions to
t'ch'brate Close of Year and the
Christmas Season.
OAKLAND. Dec. 12.— The annual
sale of fancy articles, for the benefit of
thp Lucy Charlton Memorial Home,
will be held next Wednesday evening
st the home, Tvhich is located at the
corner of Twenty-third avenue and
East Twentieth street.
A bazaar will be held by the mem-
ESTEXLTJUXMEST8 WILL,
MARK MERRY YUI.E TIDE
All leather goods (and we have every
thing) lettered in gold free of charge.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. • •
"I don't see why you should be so
proud of winning: that case." said the ln
ttmato friend. "You were plainly in the
wrong." "You don't understand these
thing* at all." answered the lawyer.
"That's the very thing that makes me so
proud." — Washlnpton Star.
The eggs of the sea urchin also behave to a
certain extent In this way. If these eggs are
p '"f«d In distilled water they swell up and
5- /J, a K a| n If they are returned from the
distilled water to the sea water. In these
rorms distilled water has a mechanical action.
This mechanical action may In itself Inhibit
protoplasmic movement. If sea urchin eggs
De placed In very dlluto sea water tha pro
cesses of cell division ccace.
These processes, however, go on again' If
tne eggs are returned soon enough to the nor
mal sea water, in distilled water a muscle
swells up ro that its power of contraction
reanes; while this power returns if the muscle
n J2y ed from the watrr quickly enough.
Since this mechanical swelling does not take
piace in isotonlc sugar solutions. In the case
Sili,Vf«r, " n J m .K ls ttnd "**"*« ot this group, a
ouutlon of the sea water or serum with iso
dH n u?l 0 *,l 1B £r,h 0 !, l { tl ?S 8 ., 18 more narmI ' ss a
dilution with distilled water
Eo1snr,in 0t0 f nlc .u UKar solutl °n"ls. however, also
earlier A ° r , thPse an!mill « a « '« Proved by my
£att iS « 'f* tlon - v™' 9 toxlclty depends at
diriLJ frZ '.. on the fact lhat salt s «"• l"ns
£»rd £ ?.? medlum - I suspect that with re
gard to the permeab llty of semlDermpahle
tractions show satisfactorily
EXA3IPLE OF THIRD GROUP
mmmm
From hia Investigations Dr. Loeb
draws the following conclusions
iiplil
O» If sea water Is diluted by the addition
This would be an error, since. In the first
place, oxygen and carbonic acid pass. In a
ttate of solution, through the membranes of
the animals or of their eggs, and since, more
over, salts and Ions para through tire mem
branes of th« animals In both directions. A
relatively small Increase of the concentration
of potassium t.alts of the sea water, for ex
exple. causes the heart In embryos to ceas« to
heat, and if th« egg be brought soon enough
Into a medium with less potassium the hem
aifam begins to beat. It misht be thought
from this that the animal Is permeable for
ions but not for water. • Then, however, the
Question remains unanswered as to why the
animal does not become impoverished In ealts
In distilled water and «o die.
I believe that we must acknowledge that be
sides differences of osmotic ¦ pressure there
must be taken Into account other conditions
for the exchange of fluids In animals Ilka
F^ndulus. The secretion of the kidneys apd
the absorption of fluid in the Intestines show
that for the explanation of the movements of
fluids In the living organs differences of os
motlo pressure alone are not sufficient. For
animals like Fundulus a solution of Mg Iso
motie in the sea water Is much more deleteri
ous than dletilled water.
The second croup Includes those animals
or tissues which behave as If they were sur
rounded by a semi-permeable wall which Is
easily permeable for water, but impermeable or
less permeable for all or many salts. The red
blood- corpuscles represent this type.
AS TO THE SEA URCHIN.
water and they do not shrink with the reverse
change of conditions. One might be lncllr.ed
to assume that these animals are surrounded
by an absolutely Impermeable membrane. -
HEART ACTIOX CEASES.
If. however, a solution of the sami salts be
used in which not only the sodium chloride,
but also the K and Ca salts are diluted ten
fold the animals may live five houtj. These
facts support the theory already advanced by
me at an earlier date that the sea water ;s a
physiologically balanced salt solution for the
animals contained In It and that the serum of
an animal Is a similar solution in relation to
the tissues of the animal. It Is a solution In
which there Is a mutual prevention of the poi
sonous actions, which the Individual constitu
ents have if thry are alone In solution.
If the chunks of the concentration of the
Individual constituents of such a physiolog
ically balanced solution take place within cer
tain narrow limit* on- can call forth In the
tissues properties which they do not normally
possess, such as the artificial parthenogen»*tn,
rhythmical twitching* and the Increase in the
Irritability of the museU* and nerve*. I am
of the opinion that this point of view will
prove fruitful in pathology (especially In the
study of nervous diseaxes).
(h) The experiments trlve ground for the
idea that the toxic action of distilled wat»t
and th» sugar solution on Oammann depends
Fcsentlally on the fact that electrolytes or
loni» leave the. bedy. Possibly the exit of an
taecnietlc ealtn or Ions takes place with un
equal rapidity or In unequal relations. Such a
disturbance of the relations of the concentra
tion of antajtonlntlc salt* or Ions In the tlimies
of the anlmalc must hasten the onset of death.
SALT SOLUTION* BALANCED.
(e) If a solution be employed which contain*
NaCl, KC1 and CaC12 In the concentration In
which the salts of Na. Ca end K are contained
in sea water. Gammarus lives In such a solu
tion for many days. The addition of MgC12
lengthens the duration of life stllL more; th*
addition of other constituents of the sea water
seems, however, to. have no further power of
prolonging the Mo of the animals. ¦ ,..
(f) It follows from these tacts that In the
first place the sodium chloride contained ir* tlv*
sea water is poisonous when It alone is pres
ent: and Gammarus dies quickly In such a
solution. The toxlclty of the NaCl 1» pre
vented by the Ca and K salts contained in
the sea water. When present alone the K and
Ca ions contained in the sea water are also
and to a still greater extent poisonous. Their
toxic effect Is counteracted by the sodium
ehldr^de contained In the sea water, j
(g^for the mutual counteraction ot these
poisonous effects It Is necessary that the con
centration of the salts or Ions which act an
tagonistically should stand In a definite rela
tion to one another. Thla relation represents
approximately that in which -they are In nor
mal sea water. If one takes a solution In
which the podium chloride is diluted tenfold,
while K and Ca are present In the concentra
tion In which they exist in normal sea water,
the animals die in such a solution In about a
quarter of an hour.
fd) In a solution which contains all other
conetitur nts of the sea water, but no sodium
chloride, the animals die still more quickly
than in. distilled water. - • •*' • •
(c) In a pure sodium chloride solution, Isos
motlc with sea water or lsss concentrated, the
respiratory movements of Gammarus cease
about .as quickly as in distilled water.
A DEAUL.Y SOLUTION.
or distilled water the duration of lire decreases
at first only xllghtly with an increaM'tn the
degree of dilution. But as eocn an a dilution
of ten times Is reached an abrupt decrease in
the duration of life takes place with further
dilution. Whether the curve of the duration
of life at this place is discontinuous is not yel,
proven. If the sea water be diluted with an
lsotonlc or weaker suear solution the curve
of the duration of life deviates little from that
with dilution by means of distilled water.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. DECEMBER 13, 1903.
RESEARCHES OF SCIENTISTS POINT
TO CAUSE OF MANY HUMAN ILLS
Continued From Page 35, Column 1.
41
a Y f* A n A T^ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR r Mi
Cineral Manager.
MAT. TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT.. - -
' Th« MafrniflcSnt Production,
A ROYAL PRISONER
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONK : WEEK,
Ue'.asco and Fylo's Powerful Play ot Montana
Military Post Life.
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME.
Ev*nln«ts, 25c to TSc: mats.. I Sat. and Sun.,
me to 60c.
MON*. DEC. 21— Great Holiday Production
of the Realistic Comedy Drama, 4
BLUE JEANS
TO "affiggo%°"""-
GENTRAL'-i?
\ Market «t.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
NEWYORKDAYBYDAY
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALI> NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
¦ The Greatest of all Border Plays.
THE 8C0UT ? S REVENGE.
The drama which thrills 1 the nerve*, stirs the
goul compels the tears and evoke* the laughter
of America's millions.
PD 1 PEC Evening:*, • • • • i0c to BOc
rKlVCa Matinees .:...'. ..10<-. 16c. 25c
• ChHetmas Week. December 21.
¦ ; -:• ALPHONSE AND OASTON.
LECTURES AND COKOEBTS.
r TONIGHT mnmmm
JOSEPH HART pr^l
CARRIE DEMAR fSs&'
"--»¦¦•' ¦ ,*. '- ¦ *
PBsasvTxxra w. a. bra- E- flfl^/^^
DT'S MtTBICAI. COMEDT M \ E /^ W
SESSATIOIf Or TWO SEA- " * ¦ •••
S0W3— SAME IDEFTTICAI.
CAST AS SMK DUBWO £> fj A A I fV F± A
T»B BIG HEW YOltK SUW H "IB B# jLA P%] 1 B ST* A
or 250 FBsroHXAircEs. \Jr I m t\ I fl^r ¦ f% o O •
BOOK BY. R. MELVILLE BAKER
/yiUSlG BY JOSEPH HART <
« ., „ '
COLUMBIAaa^U°a <t WayDownEasr
I Two Weak* ' M/f iT\ 1\J f\ A. y__ Matinee Chrlrtma* I
Bcglanlng IVM KJill i-J/< M p ay and Saturdays. |
P. C. WHITNEY Present*
The Queen ot Singing Comediennes,
Si?™ DOJLLY
JjIEOAJCfEk • — . i^bmbIbIBBb^^ MJtmmmmKm A ™
Book by Stanlalans Stance. MuiJo by J alian Sdyrards.
. ADVEBTISEMEKT^^
¦T R E 7V\ E N D O U S |
The Greatest Opportunity Ever Offered to Purchase ||
SENSIBLE and HANDSOME CHRISTMAS PRESENTS |
At a Great Saving of Money. N
Only the Newest Autumn and Winter Garments. 1
Tailor Made Suits at CUT-RATE PRICES |
: Novelty Silk and Cloth Coats at ..CUT-RATE PRICES |
Fur Jackets and Fur Capes at . . . .CUT-RATE PRICES |
Fur Boas and Fur Stoles at. .... . .CUT-RATE PRICES |
Ostrich Feather Boas at CUT-RATE PRICES I
Silk.and Examine Skirts at CUT-RATE PRICES 1
Dress and' Rainy Day Skirts at . . .CUT-RATE PRICES 1
Forced to Sacrifice the Profit on all High Novelty Garments |
1000 Entirely New Mixture TAILOR SUITS on i
sale at $10, $12.50, $15, $17.50, $20 and $25. A |
positive saving from $5.00 to $10.00 on each suit. |
2500 Black and Newest Autumn Shades TAILOR |
SUITS on sale at $12.50, $15, $16.50, $18.50, $20, |
$22.50 and $27.50. A positive saving from $5.00 to I
$12.50 on each suit. |
Military and Silk Coats at $12.50, $15, $17.50 f
and $20. |
Misses' and Children's Long Coats at $4, $5, and |
I $6.50. if
Feather Boas at $7.50. $8.50, $10, $12.50 and $15. |
\% yards long, full and fluffy in black, natural gray 1
and "mixed. t|
Fur Boas at 95c, $1.25, $2, $3.50 and $5. |
¦ See Our Windows. We Issue Merchandise Orders Eg
1 232-1 234 MarKetStrcct. I
LAS J? ]f.lTI!rs.i; TO-DAT
LAST C01MCERT TO-NJCHT
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
AXE( THE
MORESCA TROUPE OF SWORDSMEN
MnpnlP.cent Programmes.
Seats on sal? at Alhambra Theater all day.
Phone Hyde 1471. t.
POPULAR PRICES— 25, 50, 75
Children 25 Cents to All Parts ot the House.
Raciflglllil^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK t>AT. KAIN OR SHINE, j
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY, ' December 14. .
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part ot the ctty.
Train leaves Third and Tovrnaend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after the last race. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
San francisco by automobile.
ItAtea Less Than Carriage Hire' '
Call MOBILE Carriage. Go.
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN NESS AVE3.
Phones Larkln 3S41. Polk 30S8.
Downtown office. Lobby F&lace. Hotel. Pfcana
; Bush 859.
You can secure these cars ' at the offle of aay
hotel or cafe. Open night ; and day. .
ADVERTISEMENTS
There is nothing more appropriate for a Christ- H
mas token than an elegant Fur piece. There is no bet- M
ter place to buy it than at the stQre of H. Liebes & l|
Co.. who for over forty years have been serving the If
public in San Francisco. You can come to us with |t
perfect confidence, knowing that you will get the £1
best, and that the price will be the lowest possible. II
Furs are particularly acceptable this year for the M
reason that they are extremely stylish. Fashion's de- 1]
cree has given them a high place. ffl
The store will be open in the evenings from now g|
Sealskin Jacket* 9125 and upwards m
Persian Lamb Jackets (made of whole skins) w
Astrakhan Jackets (made of whole skins). S?»>O and upwards ' 18
J Near Seal Jackets $I$O anc j upwards H
1 Mink Stoics *1S and upwards ffl
I Siberian Squirrel Stoles J?12 and upwards fl j
I River Mink Stole? J?6 and upwards SI
I Fok Scarfs 96 and upwards II
? Mis?es" and Child's Set"; and upwards fa
§ The Largest Exclusive Fur House in theWorld fl
I 133-135*137 Post St. *S.F. |
"DECORATING"
FOR THE PARTY.
One of Bryson's Famous Beauties. '
FREE WITH ' r
THE CHDISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY.
The Fourth of the Series in Gold.
HffnStWHMea HSntts/fCl^v-* -'¦ :-¦-.¦ ¦ — .„ \*w jkUJfcV --. - : •-. .--...^ •¦: ...
vt^iwB^^KSffiM$* ¦ **¦' '' * f " ' " "'
t •"¦'.•»¦•. 6§m& > j*>' * ¦'•"'* t. ' ' ' * PffifmJBiflpHSiEm
Bp(WyijB|BsaM-HHBM^KS-^^^tJJBii5||^ - .
pjj SlT* fa * v *^v '~ 3 1 ?"£- 3^^^^^&i^l^^ BsBP^^^riBi^Bls^B^ft^^^' ' ' '¦ ::rt iSS^S M9s]B9H^v^^'**-!S^^^vi
BJtHjSJT CffTfrJP^HwESHBP^BS^BSl^^^BrtiMMMcJjBBSpSf ¦ "^^¦^' MaVTBMSWljm * ~"^*^^ M : '*^i^ - '¦' r A
• "DECORATING."
This^ subject is the fourth of Bryson's famous Gold series, issued
exclusively by .The Call and pronounced by every one to be the
richest, most novel and expensive set of Art subjects issued in Amer-
ica. Decorating is a worthy companion : piece to its predecessors
and for home addrnment they are simply unsurpassed *
This picture is one which: proves the artist to be a master in the
handling of liRht and brilliant color. It also shows' his imaginative
power, his spirited technique and the completeness of detail so char-
acteristic in his work.'
Don't take any one's word for the description of this picture^ as
one only needs to be seen to become convinced' that it is a picture
to preserve. , ¦ ¦ , '
Remember it's FREE With
NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL.
, Have you seen The Daily CaUhtcly?
You should get one and carefully note
the wonderful mass of news itteontains \
and the masterly 'manner in which it is
presented. Now is the time to sub-
scribe tor THE DAILY CALL, Greater!
San Francisco's Greatest Paper V>*^
':. :¦: : AMTJSEJlLKM TS.
a Weak Commencing THIS AFTER- a
2 NOON. Dec. 13. !?
S ALLURING VAUDEVILLE:
I HENRI HUMBERTY |
® Europe's Greatest Comedy Juggler. X
| Belle-THElOBlNS-Lotta |
2 Refined Musical Experts. q
O First Time on Any Stage of •
1 JOAN H ADEN'S "CYCLE-
8 OF LOVE" §
5 A Chapter of Pictorial and Musical 5
O Surorlses. W
I FRANCESGA REDDING &I
q Presenting -THE CATTLE QUEEN." £
§ HINES and REMINGTON •
0 Introducing "Misa Patter of Patter* Q
| "bWr" I
0 "The Horse with trie Human Brain." Q
• THElRTfTONS :
I # America's Foremost Colored Couple. #
| Orpheum Motion Pictures!
2 ' Shotvir.c the Latest Novelties. 0
5J Tremecdous Success of the Queen of •
© Comic Opera. 9
I PAULINE HALL |
0 In an Entire Change of Selections. 0
® NEXT WEEK. <*
• The Great Orpheum Road |
8 Show S
• REGTTLAH MATINEE EVERT WED- •
• NESDAY. THURSDAY. 8 AT- O
A URDAT AND SUNDAY. Q
g± Parquet, any seat. 2Sc: BaJconr. 10c; gm
5f Children, any part except reserved. 10c. J?
w A few front Orchestra rows, reserved, •
O fii)c: front rows of Balcony, reserved. O
O 25c. O
Matinees Thursday and Saturday
ONE WEEK ONLY TO-MlfiHT
i Klrke La Shell e Presents the
favorite Actors
J. H. STODDART
—AND —
REUBEN FAX
In the Ian MacLaren Comedy Success, ,
THE
BONNIE
BRIER
BUSH
THE PLAY THAT WON* YOUR HBJLRT3
LAST YEAR. .*:• •
SAME SUPERB SCENIC PRODUCTION AXD
EXCELLENT COMPANY.
The Greatest of All Scottish Play*.
PRipCC 13c. 25c. 50c. T5o
rrviv^co 13Cr 23c. soc
Go Where the Crowds Go. Do aa Othsm Do.
To Laugh Your Wretched Blue* Away
. - Just Go See
I '7-O- LrH
The New Musical Burlesque that Is the Talk
of the Town and the Hit of the Season.
Our "All Star" Cast, including: Kolb aatl
Dill. Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blake, Maude
Amber. Georglav O'Ramey, Ban T. Dillon, Ai-
thea Twins. • *>"-'.
Next Monday— First appearance of ALLEN
CURTI3. the world's greatest Hebrew Come-
dian. Novel stage effects and magnificent cos*
tumes. New music, new songs and naw jokes.
Eeats two weeks In advance. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
High-Class Spacialtiss Every Afternoon an J
Evening la the Tbsatsr.
ESMERELDA: AL. H. TYBnELL: FERRY.
THE HUMAN FROG: HARRISON BROTH-
ERS; ALLEN SISTERS; VERA SHANNON
NEW MOVINO PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFAJfT INCU-
BATORS.
HAMAD BTAS X2T THE SOO!
Lots ei Pan In tike Fenny Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. lOo: CHILDREN. Co .
ffV Holiday Giflsfi
rj OPERA GLASSES IJ
rf kodaks F|
9 u J And Other Useful Articles.
Pillars DO^T FAIL TO
laiaWV iee th^ beautiful
j COURT Lomiginjr
/Hifl room, xht EMPIRE
aim parlor, th«
r j PALM ROOM, the
I If/I HO LOUIS XV PAR.
w iiii DIES ' writino
DOtelS I 'POM-
"DT3TTCTJ17C F0K barbbrs/ba-
l5ri U DnLlU *«». bootblac-cs. bata-
U1IU MM.AAAK/ blUlard tahlaa.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaaerm.
dyeis, flour mills, foundries, laundries* pap«r-
hanrers, printers, painters, shoe fa«torta«*
stablenaeo, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
,-.¦••. '¦ BUOXAHAS BEOS, :
Bnus Xumf acturexii CQ3 Sacnunnato SMu
Weekly Call $1 per YearTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13, v 1903. i
42
THE CALL
JO HIT P. SPRECgEES. Proprietor.
iites Ccimmeaticas.tD JOES uxmziltowjx
W. J. MARTIX Business Manager.
_ _________ . ,
fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Coa-
ted Ycu With the Department . Ycu .Wish.
PufcMeation Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room* 217 to 221 Stevenson .«i.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Fer Week. 75
CtF. Per Month. Single Coplej D Cents.
Terms by Kail. Inducing Postage «CasSi With
Order) : „.
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 Year. _.$S.OO
DAILY CALL unclad. Sunday). « moi..-.. 4.<K)
DAILY CALL— by Smgla Month -•• 7oe
hCNDAY CALL. I Year -• - -f*
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i. 1C0
c-OREJGN- I Daily... $8.80 Per Year* Extra
POSTAGE SunJav.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I ¦vy^kjy. j.oo Per Year lixtra
ALL TOSTMASTErI ARE AUTUORIZEL-
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
eatrpl* Copies win be forwarded when re-
quested.
Man rubfcriber*. in ordering change of ad-
«re*e tbould be to irire both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order" to Insure a
rrcir.pt and correct compliance with tbelr re-
|Wt
OAKLAND OFFICE.
i:iS Brcafiwsy Telephone Malo 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tits Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
NORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. I*. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cnlon Equare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel acd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: ;'^_-
Bhermaa House; P. O. News Co.: • Great
Northern Hotel: Trernont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C CEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Building
<Lcr.g Dietar.ce Telephone. "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
CTKPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
EUPINESS OFFICE" of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street; open until 11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 6:30 v. m.
S0(> Haye* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*¦-';:• McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
"Oil Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. xn.
1261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open un«
tl! 9 d. m.
If»« Eleventh rtreet ; cpen until 9 p. m.
10J»6 Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
JCcrtheart corner Church and Duncan streets:
cpen until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. r-.
£jnf» FfMmnr* *tr»**: rr»ti nT»»n n % m.
REAL CSTATE — CITY — FOIt SALE.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery et. Opp. Mills Bldg.
$6000— Snap; beautiful Pacific Heights flats at
a sacrifice; well-built, modern, handsome and
attractive In appearance; these two flats of
f> and 6 rooms and bath and besement (per-
fect condition, inside and out) are cheap at
?*000: try and find anything else in this dis- 1
trict for within $2000 of price. . .
$8.500 — Rents fW»6; new. up-to-date Po6t-street
flat*: always rented: interior beautifully
decorated. l*«nicd i-filinps. combination i?as
nnd electricity, etc.; art- there any rt flats
advertise paying the above Income that can
be bought lor ?8i0o? y
$45no— Rent* *540: rais* the rents to $GT.O and
the flats^ ere Mill cheaper than anything on
the-Etr«-»t: fine, attractive building, brick
foundation, perfect condition Inntde and out:
loolu «f if just built: three block south of
Pcv.ell and Market Fta.
$11,000— R?r.ts $ir>00; you want Jnieme? how
dors 12 twt cfnt net suit you? and thst dt-
rived from h great Me well-built building,
containing 12 flatv, covering nearly 50 tttt
frontage, in gixjd ord»-r: always rented: three
and cne-half blocks *outh of Market st.
f^T^tti — 35x120, fronting on two etrwts. ripht
down town, {n the heart of the downtown
apartment -hourc wction; not one lot of this
flze fo dote to MarkK st. can be had for
double the mnn^y: hurt's a pickup, with as-
survd itrofit of $10,000.
$0730 — Elegant residence. R room? and bath: !
ftnirhed basement, servants' room, laundrv, j
•-ic. : only a few st*-j>s rrom th3 Park I'an-
iiandle: handeome purroundinKP; in fact. Ju»=t
the kind of a residence that would bring
fSOOO if not fcrcod to sell.
$7330— Bents $8S2; M-fcot frcr.tage; fl flats.
*ej>arato entrances; very attractive property.
$^000 — Eddy-street bupiners corner; 2Sxl<"io
f**t; 2 wtores and X ttatr; cement basement.
$C7r>0 — Two sunny Oak-f-trc«"t flats of 5 and 0
room*: well-built: north fide; closV in.
$"<¦« — Rents S:«12; 4 handsome, well-built, bay-
windowed flats; 4 and 3 rooms and bath; 14
rr.cntbs eld.
NKLSON. JOHNSON & CO.
t<T> Montgomery ft. Op;>. Mills Bide.
B. GETZ, * Room 22. Chronicle* Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
|C0 to $S00— Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lots ! ; '.
$300 to $500— Ninet*enth-ave. Eoulevard lou'!!
Graded and level, ready to build on.
$350 to 81200 — Choice Sunset and Richmond
lot*'.'.!
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead — warm belt of
the Mission. Level lots, ready to build on
good car sen-ice.
All lots sold en easy monthly payment* from
$6 *>P-
$1000 to $5000— New cottages abd houses on
easy installments.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MT PROPERTIES.
Call at my office, room 22. second floor.
CHRONICLE BUILDING.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.. ~
Room 2, 7th floor. Mills bldg.
$33.000 — Corner Broadway and Baker st.;
123x132:7; elevated lot; superb marine
view.
$10,000 — Washington Ft., west of Baker- lot
73x128; splendid site for flats.
$7.509 — Lot and residence; Broderick St.; fin-
ished basement, double parlors, recep-
tion hall, dlnlnsvroom, kitchen. 6 bed-
rooms, bath, toilet, etc.; very desirable
at price.
$C,00rt— Willard xt.. Collere Height*; modern
residence, 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 37:6
front: stable, etc.
$S,100 — Welsh su. r.ear Fourth: 5 flats; an-
nual rental $444: water $2 40.
$5,750 — New flats on Greenwich St.; 5 and 6
1 * -,' 'rooms each; pay fine Income.
J RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
IN COURSE OF ERECTION. ~~ ~~~
fl rooms and 5 rooms and bath modern cot-
tajre on Hoffman ave., near car; remember,
rent money buys these cottages. '
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter at.
$C50— PARK LOTS "
On north Floe of J et. and near Forty-sev-
enth; graded.' <
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter «t.*
WILL build co^ages for parties north aaj
•outh of park 00 rary terms
JACOB HEYMAW CO., 11T gutter st.
OREELEY said. "Young man. go West and get
rich": go west and buy a Park lot, near
boulevard, where the city is expanding for
$150: $5 down. $1 monthly. •
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st.
$1000— CHEAPEST half block In the city
200x240; in University Mound' survey; suit-
able for chicken ranch or nursery.
$3«O— Lots 25x110; level and ready to build
on; a few rteps from Mlsslon-st. electric
cars.
$2w>0— 10 lots on Nineteenth ave. boulevard
connecting the Park with Ingleslde *
$500— Will buy seven lots In Market-st. ezten-
elon. near Ocean boulevard.
P. J. KENNEDY.
11 Montgomery st.
$110o— COTTAGE of 5 rooms; 2718 Diamond
«.; Vt block of Gucrrero-Et. cars; rents for
$12 r*r month.
2 lots on Buena VI eta ave.. $123 each.
1 lot on California ave., S500; t#rms.
P. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mlgsion at.
\ IZZHZT
A BARGAIN.
J2.VX)— Rents $25 a month; 2 fine flats of 5 and
4 rooms, 2234-34 Greenwich et.. next to
corner Stelaer. See them.
. BURNHAM-MARSH CO..
t ; w 211 Montgomery et.
FOR sale— As a whole or In cubdlvielons; S0v
vara lot. south line Union st.. 1.17:0 feet east
or Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and I
Pierce rts.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of I
CHARLEW C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker. |
221 Ransom* tt. ;
FOR SALE — Cheap, neat cottage. 4 rooms and I
hath; Urge basement; terms name as rent, j
Apply owner, lumber yard. SE. corner Aia- !
bfema end Mrmcalm sts. ¦ j
CHEAPEST, and best tn America— The Weekly j
Call. 16 pages, sent to any, address • in the f
United State* or Canada' one year for $L 4 - j
RI5AL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
G. K. UMBSEN A CO..
20 MONTGOMERY 8T.
AUCTION
1 AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
>" AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will he held at our salesroom Monday,
I>ecember 14. 1D03 at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
TBie following 3 prcpc-rtles must be sold to
cicce above estate. •
Subject to confirmation by the -court. ¦ *¦
(1) ¦ '
1S31-1833 Ellis St.. near Scott: good im-
provements consist of 2 frame dwellings, 8
rooms and bath each; rents $63 per month;
lot 3<S:2£x75.
<2)
1S29 Elite et., near Scott: good substantial
3-story dwelling, 12 rocms and bath; rents $15
per month; lot 23:9H»75.
<3) "
Randall st.. north line. bet. Dame and Whit-
ney sts.; building lot, 29x123.
AN ELEGANT PARK RESIDENCE. f:
C7a Waller et., near Scott: new modern resi-
dence of O rooms and bath; high attic and
basement; built within the last 3 years; It ad-
Join* Duboce Park and must be seen to be
appreciated. A rare opportunity.
PACIFIC-ST. INVESTMENT.
1350-1058 Pacific et.. north line, near Hyde,
store, 3 rocms and flat of 0 rooms and bath;
rent *25 per month: lot has 2 frontages.
CHOICE PARK FLATS.
1S23-1C23 1^ Grove at., near Lyon — 2 modern
flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; rents $3W
per month; lot 25x137 :«.
/ MISSION FLATS.
307-307% Castro St., east line, near J6th, 2
modern flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents
$42 50 per month; lot 25x87:8.
. REFEREE SALE.
Subject to confirmation by the court.
N. W. cor. Sanchez and Duncan ets. ; unim-
proved lot. 80x114. . .
BUSINESS HOLDING.
743 7th ave., near Fulton St.. store and flat
of 5 rooms and bath; with a little outlay thU
could be made a very desirable builalng; lot
24:CxlOO
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
U>
S. E. cor. of 24th and Douglass sts.; unim-
proved lot. £5x90.
¦'¦•¦::¦ i2)
Douglass st., east line, near 24th; unimproved
lot. 24x100. Both lots level and ready to
build on.
MISSION COTTAGE.
CS Hancock et.. north line. bet. Church and
Fancl.ez, 18th and 19th etj. ; a desirable cot-
tage of S rooms and bath: lot 25x114.
BRYANT-STREET CORNER.
N.E. cor. of Bryant and Harriet sts., close
to 6th et.; unimproved corner, -25x75.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 Montgomery street.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$62,5C0— Business corner on Larkin st.; renting
for $CO00 per anum; under a five years
lease; large lot.
$21,000— Ninth el., close to Mission; lot and
Improvements; 40 feet front; a splendid
buy.
$15,000— Very cheap; within 2 blocks of Market
st. ; old Improvements rent for $780 per
annum; 25x137:6.
?14,000— Rent |130 per month; close to Califor- I
nia and Fillmore sts.; 3 new handsome
tlats of 7-8 rooms and bath each; lot 25 :U
xl32.
$9,500 — Rents $960 per annum; Steiner St.; 3
modern flats; 29:CxlC0. j
$S,500 — Rents $870 per annum; Park Panhan-
dle; 2 nice new flats cf C rooms and bath
each; 25xlCU:3.
For further particulars' of the above, and for
the --Real Estate Record," containing a list of
properties for Fale In all parts of the city, ic-
<juire at our office.
G.II. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE punny building lots; close to Du-
boce Park; bitumlnized etreets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable figure; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our of-
1W. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 29 Montgom-
ery !=t., Ilea! Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
LYON A KOAg7~
116 Montgomery st.
Send fcr cur printed list cf property for sale
in oil eectlons of the city.
- $50,000 — Splendid NE. cor. on Van Ness ave.,
close to Geary st.: contains nearly 7000 square
feet; improvements; rents for 5100 per months,
an excellent location for an apartment-hous;.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$3300 — 2 ewell (lats on Union St., containing
7 and 8 rooms; rent $80; best portion of the
street; commands a good marine view.
ANOTHER BAP.GAIX IN FLATS.
$7500 — Kent? $<>5; 2 flats in the Western
Addition, inside of Fillmore St.; lot 30x100.
THREE ACRES.
$4300 — Nim teenth-ave. boulevard, cloee to
the Ingleside electric cars; a fine tract, sur-
lounded by beautiful evergreen trees; a good
•pot for a resort.
A fine large corner, 100x200, for $2000; cor-
ner of the C'nrbett and Trocadero roads; a
stone's throw from the Ingleslde electric cars;
beautifully wooded.
A GOOD SPECULATION.
?C2,000 — Almost a 50-vara lot on Sansome
st., 2 blocks from the water front; present
Improvements rent for $135; change of grades
end rrjl'.iHnc cf tunnels as contemplated under
the bond^ Issue will certainly increase the value
of th!s property 100 per cent.
NORTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$>i200— Business corner north of and close to
Market St.; lot 27:6x104; etor« and flat; strictly
modern; rent $70; actual value $JHIOO.
A SNAP— MISSION FLATS.
$X"iC0 — Hartford St., m-ar Castro and Eight-
eenth st. cars; 2 flats, 4 and 6 rooms and
bath: all modern Improvements; rents $34;
lot 25x125.
MUST BE SOLD— MISSION RESIDENCE.
$2400 — Twenty-second st., near Castro-st.
cars; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; $500 cash. $23 monthly; submit offers.
A BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$8000— Bryant St.. near Third; 4 flats; large
lot; almost 50-foot front; runs through to
rear street: rents very low at $60.
NEW* TWO-STORY HOUSES NEAR THE
PARK ON EASY TERMS.
$0500 each — Handsome new residences con-
taining S rooms and bath each; on Shrader St.,
near Carl; houses are exceptionally well ar-
ranged and have hardwood finished paneled
dining-rooms and beamed ceilings; plenty of
light and sun; good car service; this price
includes street work.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
$42,500 — Devisadero and Poet sts.; fine large
corner; fully Improved with storey and
flats; paying. $277 per, month; 00x112:6;
must be Fold; make an offer.
$38,000 — Jackson St.; four new grand apart-
ments; rented for $4000 per year; lot COx
137:0. ..-;../:,-,
$30,000 — Northeast corner Sacramento and Hyde
Bts.; large lot. 68:9x«7; grand site for
an npartment house.
$17.000 — HarrlFon-st. corner; 56x100; near Sixth
et.; paying a fine income on the asking
price.
$12,000— Devisadero st.; four modern flats; near
•¦¦¦;--.' Halght et.; key lot; sun all day; rent $90
per month. -*
$12,000— O'Farrell st.. near Laguna; residence
and fiats; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$10,300 — Northwest . corner Jackson and Baker
ets.; 40x128; magnificent lot for building
either a residence or flats.
$9,000 — Jackson st.; modern residence; be-
tween Buchanan and Webster; two front-
ages.
- $8,700— Fell st: modern residence; near Ash-
bury: facing panhandle and park.
$8,000 — California st.; two flats; near Lyon st.-
lot .23x90; rent JC2 50. '
$6,500— Larkln st.; fine modern cottage house-
., .^ near "Washington; large lot, 29x100.
$3,500— Scott st. near McAllister; lot 25x112:6-
street work done. '
«.2S0— Fell et.; lot 25x137:6; near Devisadero.
$3,2^0— Scott st.: fine lot for flats; near McAl-
lister et.; 25x87:6; key lot.
<2 ' 100 r-PJ e r ce Bt -% Iota 25*»00 each; between
<i o/vc5« e3 ° and Gre , en 8ts -: one-quarter cash.
$1,900— Hayes st.; lots near Masonic ave.:
easy payments.
A. J. RICH & CO..
"_ '' 112 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$500 to $1200.
Netting to compare with our Oceanside lots.
Krontlng^Ocean. Park and Boulevard.
All on official grade, ready to build on '
THEY CANNOT BK DUPLICATED/
unobstructed ocean Mew! Every lot a bargain!
Get ofT cars at cor. 47th ave. and H st.
• SEE THEM TO-DAY: . EASY.TERMS!
$60 to $300. near Park and Ocean: $5 monthly.
Oceanclde Branch Office. on 49th avenue and
K street.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS. '
$300 to $1000. Chcicest Sunset Dlst. Lots -
Graced and 1 sewered; near cars;' $10 monthly
Sunset Branch office on, Oth ave., near H et.
$1000. $15C0. $350*0 to $5000—4. ' 5, , 6 and 8
rooms, new. modern cottages and houses In
Funset. Richmond. Oceanside and Excelsior
1 Homestead! All bargains! Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & EON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle ' Building.
LOBOS et.. Ocean View. 4-room cottage; lot
¦Z3xl25;-$W); $100 cash, balance $9 HO month
' ' - •' , W. N. RUSSELL.
oOl California street,- San .Francisco, Cal.
REAL ESTATE' — CIT» — I**? 1 *- ? AL gy
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
25 POST. ST.
$4.100— Pine st.. near Devisadero: house of 7
rooms; porcelain bath; nice little home.
$2,900 — Cottage house 01 5 rooms and - bath;
rents V£Z CO; lot 25x»0; hall block irora
Haight-st. cars; cioee to the park.'
$17,500 — Downtown lot, 25x120; running through
to rear . street ; double frontage; present
rents. $75; splendid building »ite; worth
$25,000. .
$43,000— -Rtnts $350 per month; large lot; dou-
ble frontage; inside, location; bargain.
$C,00O— Double lot, 50xS8; 2 houses, ¦ 7 rooms
, and bath each; rents $600;, speculative;
vicinity of Vallejo and Folk Bts.
$9,000— Sold to close an estate; Kills St.; 36x
75; 2 splendid houses; rents $63.
$15,000— Bush-st. corner, 53x137 :«", old build-
ings; splendid lot for new building; must
be sola; make offer.
$10,000 — Geary st.; splendid property; large lot.
V'V-'* 35x137:0; Improvements urst-class; rents
$78.
$42,500— Kight downtown; let with double front-
age; new apartment house; rents $3(500
net. •
$27,500 — Kents $105; large corner lot; store
and tlats; near City Hall; permanent.
$0.000 — Rents $55; new Western Addition flats..
. if 3,750— Rents $5« 50; 2 flats. 6 rooms and
bath each: Western Addition.
$5.000 — California ft., north side; 2 flats.-
$16,000— Rents $1SCO; Washington St.; marina
view; new building; 2 flats."
$20,000 — Larkln-st. corner; 62xrl4; bargain.
$3,750 — Rents $37; 2 flats; Broadway.
*4,OW — Rents $41; near Howard and Eighth
. sts. ; eplendld bargain.
$9,250— Rents $02 00; 4 new flatr; only $3250
cash. .
$S,0CO— Rents $90; corner, • 50x100; separate
flats. ~ •
$7.000— Rents $720; 17th-st. corner; store, etc.
$S,50O— Natoma st.; lot 35x80; 18 rooms; rents
$75.
$15.000— Folsom st.. nr. Oth; 25x105 to Shipley
st.; store and rooms above; rents $104.
$13,0CV — Folsom rt., near 3d; 23x160 to rear
street; brick building; rents $l>7 50. .
$14,500 — Montgomery ave., near Union St.; lot
40x(iO; 3-story; store and flats; rents $105.
$30,000— Sacramento and Commercial sts.; 42x
120; brick buildings; rents low r.t $160.
$7.600— .Howard St.. near eth, north side;, 2"5x
S3: cheap.
$6,300 — California Et.. near Larkln; rents $600
per year; business property.
$3,000 — Rents $32; Vallejo st., near Jones: lot
2dXt°0; 2 flat?. 4 and 5 rooms and bath.
$16,000— Siocktcn st.. near Jackson; 34x100; 3-
stcry and basement brick building.
$10,000 — California st.; large corner,. 52xS3; 3
residences: «nts $115.
$7,750 — California Ft.; lot 25x137:6; 2 splendid
fiats of ij and 7 rooma and bath each;
rented low at SCO per month.
$6,500 — Sutter Ft., north side; 2 flats of 0
rooms and bath each: rents $30 month.
$C,250— Fell St.. facing Golden Gate Park; lot
* 25x100; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each.
$15,0CX) — Washington; St.. near Walnut: marine
view; residence ot 10 rooms and bath;
larxe lot. 38x128,
$S,OCO — Clay st.. corner Mason; 2-story brick
v building; 2 stores, G rooms above; rents
?50.
$20.500— O'Farrell St.. near Flllmore. lot 55x
137:6; 3 houses of 9-9 and 10 rooms and
bath: rents $1800.
$2!?,000— Larkin-i>t. business property; 2 stores,
¦ with 4 flats above; lot 35-foot frontage;
rents $2400.
$3.000^ — Rents ?25 per month: John St.. near
- Powell and Washington sts.: 3-story
building; 10 rooms and bath.
$3,300 — Alvarado pt.. nr. Sanchez; new 2-story
house of ii rooms and bath; just finished;
easy term*.
$4,200— Corner lot. 37:6x124:3; Franklin and
Francisco sts.; splendid lot for a ne^
building.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
GOOD INVESTMENT. "' * ;
7 fine new apartment flats, 4 rooms and
bath each, on NW. corner on Pine st. ; rented
for $178 50; price $19,000; pays 10 per cent net.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
On Clementina st.; 4 flats; rented for $41
per month; price $4250.
DOWNTOWN
Two flats on small street, east of Jones, near
Post; lot 40 foot frontage; rented for $90;
price $10,500.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS
On Clay ft., near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement: rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127; price $S750.
BEAUTIFUL 50-VARA LOT,
Looking Into the prettiest part of Golden Gate
Park; will subdivide; prices very reasonable;
this property has a gieat future; fine for ele-
gant flats or ajtartment-house.
MISSION ST.,
Between 3d and 4th, 3-story building; rented
very low at $127 per month; price $35,000.
PANHANDLE i COTTAGE.
New. modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
price $4350; street bitumen.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats, <• rooms each;' all rented
for $56 DO monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE. i
Five rooms and bath; 2 lotp. SCxl21; near.
IStb st.; close to cars; only $2500.
IN BERN A L. HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st. ; good .corner, 60x70 feet;
only $750;- owner very anxious to sell. . '<':'*
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake St.,
running back to Mt. Lake Park; 29:6-ft.
front; price only $1500. • ,
LOOKING INTO THE PARK.
On Frederick st., near Stanyan; lots 27:6x
137:6: bitumen street work and sewer Just
'being done at expanse of owner. These lots
at the orlee are positively the cheapest in the
city; will go to $100 p*r foot In a few months.
Now offered at $1750.
LARKIN, NEAR SUTTER.
Corner lot; fine new, sunny, modern .apart-
ment-house; 19 apartments,- 3 and 4 rooms
each; bath, closet and basin in each apart-
ment; hot water, gas and electric lights, etc.;
guaranteed lease for S years at $500 per
month: tenant pays water bill and all repairs;
price $62,500. ;
ON. THiRD ST..
Between Folsom and Harrison; 2-story frame
building; rented at $'17 50 per month; price
reduced to $13,750.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
1«)S MONTGOMERY ST.
SAN MATKO-JBURLINGAME. ¦
Best suburban homts near San Francisco;
no ferry: electric railroad now running: lots
and residences for satf; we can sell good lots
as low as $500 each: ive will be glad to show
them; we also have so!ne acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., Pan Francisco. -Resident
agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel.
bide, San Mateo.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD ttUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE BULLION DOLLARS.
NO TITLE INSURANCE POLICY Is Issued
by the Cal. Title insurance and Trust Co.
which is not preceded by the most searching
Investigation of not only the official records,
but of our own records, after which the title
Is passed upon by the law department; If It
Is valid a policy Is issued, and when issued
is backed up by the entire capital of the
corporation. It is swift, safe - and protects
against loss. r rvi"'. '• •
A TRUST COMPANY DEVOTES ITS EN-
ERGIES to caring . for other people's: money,
to seeing that their best Interest are sub-
served and to securing for , them a safe In-
vestment yield. It can do this better than
any single Individual, and at less cost be-
¦ cause of Its large organization and peculiar
facilities.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy, of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed eg^cially for Insuring real
estate titles like jnodern ' plants : of New
York, Boston, Chicago and Eastern cities-
reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted ' under State charter- all
matters controlled and managed by the fol-
lowing . . . ; .
DIRECTORS AND, TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP. vwiiornia.
Vlce President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE." . """"a.
.Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co
HENRY L. DAVIS.
- President California -Optical Co
P. N. L1LIENTHAL. . *
. WARREN 3SKE An * l0 - Callf0 " 11 * , Ba^,
. CHARL^PAG 0^' AU>yS ¦?? -°??r^'
. Page. McCutchen &• Knight, - Atfys !
A. T. SPOTT3. . ¦ ' "'
JOHN R^PR^G.™' lM - - d ;^* Co.
Capitalist, 530 California «t.
I " f ' '' ¦''•)
$G50 — GREAT bargain in a lot in. the .Excel-
sior Homestead; 150x100; (close to the
• cars; flrst-class proposition; must be sold !
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery ; st.
f - '
WANTED — Purchaser for modern 9-room resi-
dence. 700 Ashbury st., one block south of
Haiffht st. ;,,. .. : : - i
FOR • choice ¦ Il3t of city property, . houses and"
• lots, -also Oakland : and Berkeley bargains.
. Call on or address ¦ •;-'-•.-• ;\ -¦¦-,
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 California st. ;
$3200 • ELEGANT . residence of : 7 large rooms,
bath and , modern "Improvements; stable , In
; rear , of . lot; . street .work ¦ done. • See * owner
.on; premises,; 171 , Randall .St., near Mission'
1 and Thirtieth Et.
C. M. BOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOCSTER CO.
CM. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market it.
The land Is very cheap for $27,500; the Im
provements. which rent very low. for $3120
will pay for themselves Inside of three yean
the proposition Is one of the bast In the city
and as a money-maker can't be beaten: situ
ated on a grand northwest Western Addltloi
corner, facin? a park.
11300 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath: stable
rents $i.si>; near 1th and FoJsom sts.
Store, stable, ccalyard and 4 Cats. «-;
rooms and bath: In excellent condition; lo
50xl20:rents $lSCO;near 4th and Brannan sts
$4100 — Thre»> fiats near 4th and Harrison «t«.
rents $340; brick foundation; Cne condition.
$35CC — Handsome modern rtory and a half cot-
tage. D rooms and bath; up to date, etc.; on
Aehbury Heights.
$7C00 — Three-story apartment-house; rents $SU>;
near 5th and Harrison sts; la excellent condi-
tion; always rented.
$13. CCO— Corner on 4th and a mala street;
55x100.
$2C.50C — Handsome residence on north side of
California st., not far from Van Ness ave.
lot 53:9x137 :&. ,
$2500— Two flat*: good condition ; rents $300
near 4th and Bryant st»; lot 23x100.
$16.000— Elegant "mansion. 1G rooms and bath:
on a Pacific Heights corner; lot 30x120; mort-
gage I0GCO can remain. .
$e3CC— Store and 4 fiats near eth and Foisom
sts. ; steadily rented for $730.
$2W0 — Cozy cottage, in excellent condition, on
Treat ave., near 23th St.. facing the park; a
beautiful part of the district; lot 23x114.
$35,500— Rents $36C0; 6 elegant. n«w." modern
flats on a northwest Pacific Heights corner;
magnificent, unobstructed marine view. .;/
$2530 — Two-story residence. 7 roomi; la fine
condition; on Perry st.. near 3th; rents $3O&
?HfO — Two modern flats. 5 and B rooms each;
rents $444; on Perry st.. near 5th; lot 23xS0.
$31C0— Stockton st., near Sea Wall; 5CxCS:8.
$S0f)O— Store and 2 flats near 4th and Town-
send sts. ; rents $3C0; lot 22x120.
$725O — Lot SPxlfiO.' on Brannan st.. near 5th;
lot runs through to rear street; improve-
ments; rent $000; the biggest snap in town.
$3500— Two modern Mission flats, on Dolore*
st., near 28th; always rented; pays $10i;
lot 23xlC0.
1 17. COO— Rents $19*0; 6 of those new. up-»»-
date. modern flats, near Duboce Park.
$12.000 — Corner. 43xS>?:«; 1 block from Mall
dock: rents low, $1410; big Income; grand
future prospects.
$6000— F»eautlful modern residence on lst-ave.
Boulevard; cne year old; lot 23x101.
$3000 — Handsome modern Richmond cottage,
on 8th ave.. near Point Lobos; lot o<>xl20.
C. M. WOOSTER CO. C4S Market st.
BURNHAM & MAR^CO ... tgomert
FPLENDID INVESTMENT!
CHANCE FOR LARGE ADVANCE!
$160.000— Pays over 7 per cent net; only 2
blocks from Flood building: elegant 6-story
building: 2 stores and 5 floors above; lanu
alone will soon be worth the money; this) Is a
positive bargain for few daja only.
$6»>.0CO— RENT $440 A MUNTH.
Very large lot. close to Van Ness. lOSxlo. :«.
with 4 elegant 2-story buildings of 2 French
flats; built ;l years and never been idle; rented
low; has good future.
OTARHELL-ST. BARGAIN.
GOON BE VALUABLE BUSINESS
PROPERTY! - .,/ t
$2ft.0CO— Level block right In town;. fln«
building; pays about 8 per cent net.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
$32,500— Clrse to Van Ne.«» ave.; 7 2-stery
house?. 137:6 feet frontace: pays 0 per cent
net now. feut can be Inrgaly Increased.
THE FUTURE MARKET STREET! .
$I5,0i:0 — Corner of Valencia «t. ; adjoins new
brick builaing. one block from new theater;
lot 40xl37:ti; present rent $5<>.
CHOICE SUNNY FLATS!
$14.0iiO— RENT $118 A MONTH.
New modern up-to-date flats, only 1 blork
from Golden Gate Park; don't fail U> see them.
.10 FEET ON POLK ST.
$10,000 — Rent $70 a month; store and flat
and One large basement.
PAYS BIO INTEREST!
$7.5O — 1 flats on Harrison st., only T7 feet
from Third st. ; rent $CU a month.
ARTISTIC FLATS!
JG.iro — Rent $55 a month: ort the high ground
overlooking Golden Gate Park, with fine view
of Park, water and surrounding hills.
VERY CHEAP LOT!
$1000 only; soon be the center of th» city,
only 1 block from Market st. : 15 minutes' r!d«
from Market and Kearny sts
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery at.
$43,000 — An apartment-house, over ICO
rooms now rented for $1200, which could b«
increased.
$25,000— Eddy st.. downtown. 37:6x137:6; 3
flats. 9-0-8 rooms : rents $145.
$15,500— Sacrament* st.. Inside Fillmore; 3
flats. 8-8-7 rooms; new; lot 26x115; rents'
$137 50. •
$17.500 — Near City Hall: 2 frontages-.' 80x120;
best place In city for 6 flats.
$12.500 — Fillmore st. : flats, new, elegaaf
7-7-B; rents $1C3.
S.V.iW — Elegant 9-room residence on Broder-
Ick et.; lot 23x100.
i $9300— Broderick at.; flata; 7-7-6; rents tor
i $97 5O. ...
I $6250 — Ninth ave.; fiats; new, modern: 6-5-4;
rent* for $34 50.
$6CCC— Broderick st.; Bats; 6-5: lot 23x115:
rents for *43 50.
$4500 — Fifth ave., near Clement St.: 6 rooms
and bath: 2 rooms In basement: lot 25x120.
$ (130 — On carllne. near 24th st. ; 7 rooms and
bath; new; easy terms.
LOTS.
43xl37:« Frederick st $4300
.1.1x100 Lyon st. 6000
25x120 Stanyan st 050
MONETA INVESTMENT CO..
Room 30 Flood Building.
\ I
E. H. LANGE * CO..
23 Montgomery St., room 23.
$16,7r.O— 3d St., rear Foisom: 3-story building
In first-da** condition; lot 23x30; rent $30;
bargain.
E. II. LAXGK & CO., "
20 MONTGOMERY ST., ROOM 23.
$6,600 — Carl it., near Stanyan ; 2 modern flats.
5-4 rooms and bath, with stable; rent
$37 50: barraln.'
$4,000 — Busrt st.. near Baker: modern 6-r»cm
cottage and bathr lot 23x100; rent $30. .
f 18.500— Ellis *. St., near Franklin: 3 moder^
Cats. 8-f>-9 rooms: lot 25x137:6; rent SlMi^
$3,7^0 — Folsotn st, near 22d; 2-story howse la
first-class condition; 8 rooms and bath.
E. H. LANGE & CO..
28 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — A nice new home. 6 rooms, ball
and bath; nicely finished basement: all mod-
ern Improvements. Call on premises. 1362
Eleventh ave.
( WANTED — Buyer for 4 good flats in Richmond
district; rents $73; price $7000. SPECK A
CO.
S323O — HOUSE of 9 rooms, gas and bath: In
center of city; no agents. Apply owner. 1073
Howard st.
j FOR sale — 3 chclce lots In the Railroad Home-
stead (Ocean View). Inquire owner, 120
Palmetto ave^
$1100 — CLIPPER St.; cottage. 4 rooms: 3 attics-
: high basement. J. STRAUB. 630 Market st.
$10,000— LOAN, second, third city mortgages.
¦ GORDON. Crossley building.
MODERN cottages; finished comptets ' with
every convenience; easy terms; largs Iota.
4 rooms— $2900.
»l rooms — $-'C1ti
5 room*— $33CO. '
8 rooms — $3600.
7 rocms — *41CO. • •
8 rooms — $4ftC0.
located on First and Second ares. bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale — A larce first-class resldenc«. 12
rooms; 407 Fair Oaks *t. Apply premises
or 121 Gearr. room 505.
BUILD en ypur unimproved realty: w». loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at V per cent.
MANHATTAN I.OAN CO.. Crocker building.
i ESTIMATES on plumbing work, new or old.
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard «L
— ¦- ' '»%^S»
' 3 FINE building lots. 25x100. on Nevada a>x7
near Cortland ave.; very cheap. Inquire at
223 Waller it. . r ' .
LOTS. N or*S side of Golden Gate Park pur-
; chased by W. J. OUXN. 53O California, st.
' A WEEK'S news for 3> cents — Th« "Weekly Call.
« 16 pages. In wrapper, (or mailing;, f 1 per ye ax.
nEAL ESTATET-ClTY-rrFpR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery £U
AUCTION. S :
AUCTION ¦ * * • v r
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 16. 19C3. at 12 o'clock M.
PACIFIC-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. '
No». 520 to 528 Pacific st. and Nos. 2 and 6
St. Charles place In rear; 2-story brick build-
ing of 3 stores on Pacific st. and tenements in
rear; Pac'.flc-st building under lease to one
tenant; this location is Improving In value
rapidly.
Annual rent $2C10; lot 47:10x137:6 to rear st.
.. CMOJCE MISSION RESIDENCE.
No. C9 Fair Oaks st.. brt. 21st and 22d: In
! , ?. very w *' m belt of Mission; thoroughly well
• bulit. containing 0 rooms, 2 baths and large
basement, with storerooms, etc.; extremely sun-
ny; lot 61xll7:U to alley
' FINE CORNER FLAT3.
Southeast Jackson and Broderick; 3 flats and
lu-room house; modern and well built.
Kent $207 50 per month; lot 27:6x100..
£ INSIDE UNION-Sf. RESIDENCE,
No. »2« Union st.. b«t. Taylor and Jones;
containing 10 rooms and bath; only few min-
utes from business center.
Lot 27:6x120.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
- No. 2024 Sacramento, bet. Steiner and Pierce
sts.; choice location fcr heme; close to FU1-
more rt.: c»r facilities sre beat.
Lot 26x103. •
SIXTEENTH-ST LOT.
North line of Sixtenth St.. bet. Church and
Sanchez: 2 fine building lots.
SUe 3CxS3.
CHURCH-ST." LOT.
West line Church St.. bet. Fifteenth and Six-
teenth; double building lot. .¦•
Size 50x123.
INSID3 INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1410. 1412 and • 1414 Kearny st.. near
Union: houses and flats; always rented; yearly
rents J70S. .
Lot 50x137:6.
INSIDE JACKSON-ST. CORNER.
Nos. 8CS. 810 Jackson St., cor. Bedford place,
bet. Stockton and Powell sts. ; grand location
for flats. ¦ ' • !. t ''
Lot €4:exll7:O.
POLK-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nok. 2031 and 2035 Polk. st.. bet. Pacific and
Broadway: with small expense present Ineom*
could be greatly Increased^ present mor.thly
rents $!2 30.
Lof SlxlCO. <**Y
JACKSON-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
South line Jackson st.. bet. Cherry and First
ave.: In neighborhood of artl*t!c homes.
I Size 134:11x128; will subdivide.
JtfARINE VIEW CORNIER.
Southeast corner Jones . and Vallejo »ts. ;
grand residence site.
Rents $34 ser month; lot 43:10x61:6.
TERMS AT SALE.
Fcr catalogues and particulars apply to
MADISON A BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
MADISON A BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S58.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick Howe
$19.0C0— Devisadero St.; store and flats: lot
30x82:8; new building; rent $150.
$34, ©CO — Fine business corner on DevUadero
St.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$12,000 — Post st.: two . large well constructed
. houses; very large lot.
Jackson et.. 50-vara lot. corner Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30. COO.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11. Of 0 — Sutter »t.. near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence In fine condition; large
lot. 27:6xl37:« ftet.
$8,CO0 — To close an estate; Dolores st.. near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents {60; large
lot; must sell immediately; call for par-
ticulars. -.,-;
LOTS
$10,SOO — Jackson et. ; 50-vara lot in the Pre-
sidio Heights district.
$4,200— Steiner St.. near O'FarreH; 25x100:9.
$2,500— Lota on Larkln St.; near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter. Post and, Stein-
er sts.. In sizes to suit.
Building lots; NE.' corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker St.; In sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.*
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. on south line of
Geary 3t.. near Flllmore.
*1 250 Fine building lot on Douglass st., near
Seventeenth; lies level to grade.
$1 500 — Snap; NE. corner Sanchea and Valley
gts.; 20:6xlCO. ~ t *}
MADISON A BURKE.
. 30 Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 — Montgomery st. — 114.
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
- Before buying, call or «end far one of our
new catalogues of choice properties for sale in
all parts of the city. T' v
$3 750— This Is a comfortable little home of
. ' five rooms and bath on Masonic ave.,
near Frederick st.
• 1O23C Three pplendld flats rented low at $v»»
a mouth; close to Btsh and Powell sts.
$.. 450— An excellent lot In a good business
location, near Golden Gate Park; 25
$67.500^-La'rKe lot. 47:2x137:6, and a two-story
brick building, on a main stre«t down-
town within half a block of Market st. 1
$27 500— 'Another pickup in the- wholesale dls- j
trlct; lot 21:9xi»7:e, and a two-story |
brick buildlnr with basement and loft;
near Front and California sts.
«« S0O— Just the lot for either two cr three
flats; on the west side of Lyon St., near
Page: 25x100.
$2 100— Another bargain in a cheap building
lot. 25x100. on Waller St., near Ma-
sonic ave. v~ - " i A l-
$2 600— Best key lot en Grove st. for the
money: 23x123; on the sunny side, near
Stanyan.
$7 50O — Uents $1C3« a year, or over 14 per
cent on Investment; always rented;
buildings'. In good condition: on a corner
lot. 37:6x137:6, with an "L."
$7 500—^Make offer; an attractive, substantial
' and thoroughly modern houss of 10
rooms and bath, on Scott St., facing
Duboce P*rk; lot 25x120.
$7.500 — Two frontages: residence and two
flats, renting for $7Stt a year; lot 27:8x
' 1*0: on Fell st.. near Buchanan, run-
ning through to Hickory ave.
¦
CENTKR & SPADER.
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House Block.
Pine at.; nr. Taylor; choice Investment: three
new up-to-date flats: rents $1U_"O per
year; price asked. $20,000.
$25,000 — Rents $22S0; six flats: everything new;
northwest corner. 73xS9; part of lot va-
cant: investigate and you will buy. •
$31. CCO—^Van Ness ave., northeast corner; grand
" lot to impiove; size 30xlC3; particulars
¦ at-.of flee. ¦' —
$21,000 — Mission st., close In: choice Investment,
paying over 7 per cent net; improve-
ments modern in every respect: lot
53x70. . »
$S,230— : McAlllst*r st.. nr. Fillmore; two mod-
. em flats, ti rooms and bath each; high
basement: let 2tt:t>xl20. .
Broderick ft., cor. Waller — 2-story residence,
contalntnp-8 rooms.' bath and' basement;
" . - Al condition; lot 25x100: price $8500.
$6,230 — Snap; Grove st., near Gough: 2 modern
« ' flat*. 4 and li rocms and bath; rents low
at $47 30; fine lot; 27:6x70.
$6,750 — Kenis '50; 1! medern fiats. 6 and 7
rooms, on Oak st., nr. Flllmore; lot 23x
137-.6. •;
$8,730— 'Another snap; 3 modern flats on^Fol- 1
sera st.; 5 rooms In each flat; rents j
?72 50; lot 30x90.
$7,000— Southeast corner on Guerror St.; two
flits. 3 and 6 rooms and bath: Al condi-
tion; rented low at $50; lot $25x71.
$1,373 p*r lot; Alpine St., nr. Thirteenth:
'•Park Hill"; -1 very choice lots, 2Sx9U
raSh, commanding an unobstructed view;
¦ price reilueed; must sail. '
$950 — An offer considered; nicely located lot
oh Church ft., nr. Liberty; 23x103.
: CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
HAWKS A SKELTON. "
Rents - Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
; $20,0C0— Fine investment: Pine, near Larkln;
3 modern Catc, S rooms each; rent
$1740 per annum; every room sunny;
, large lot.
$20,000— The finest view of the bay In this
' city; convenient for cars and teams;
: . view a"iir«i forever: SW. corner Lar-
• kin ana Francisco: 137x137.
$7,200 — Marine 1 v.ew lot; Hyde St., near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110:. very fine view assured;
new tulldlns on each side of It.
$5,000 — Lot on . SW. corner Larkln and Lom-
bard , sts.: 25x105: magnificent marine
¦ i view from every window.-
$4,500 — SE. corner • Larkin and Greenwich, 50
- x62:U; elegant view of Golden Gate and
'/,;¦'• bay.
$3,000— Lot. Franklin . «t., near Filbert; 53x
• .100;. street sewered.
$4,000— Lot. Greenwich St.. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin . st. ; 60:8x137:6; win
divide it.
$3,000 — Lot on Preclta ave.. near Folsom, fac-
ing a park: on electric car line; ready
to build on: 50x100: will divide.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
NOE-ST. cottage for $3500; bet.. 17th and ISth;
lot 23x110; (i rooms, bath, high- basement.
birn: owner must sell;* make offer. • G. A.
'¦ • BERTON, 323 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATES-CITY-- FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-22O MONTGOMERY ST.
$S,CO0— Washington St., near Montgomery;
2-»tory brick* building; rent $52 60; fine
investment; always rented.' -
$8,100— Pest st.. near Broderick: 3 new shin-
gie \flats, 5-6 rooms; rents $26 50-$2« 50-
$30; total rents *S3,; leased to November.
f O4; flats pay 11 >i p»r cent; lot 23x137:0
" •¦ fe«t; a great bargain. -
$5,000— Webster St.. near. Washington: 2 mod-
ern flats, 5-tt rooms and bath; rents
. . J37.73; lot 23x70 ft.; this property would
• be cheap at $6300; price has been cut
to effect immediate tale.
$25,000— Pacific ave., near Pierce St.; 2-story
nnd basement residence of 10 rooms and
2 bath: large billiard room; grand ma-
rine view; extra large lot, 42:Cxl2»:8Vi
feet, being sold fcr absent owner.
$9,730 — P rankiin-st. corner, near Golden Gate J
>:, ', "r-ave. ; two-story residence renting for $60 1
per month, extra lot. 40x70; should be
improved; a big bargain.
$10,250 — Clay --t., near Jones; 3 modern flats.
5-6-8 rocms and bath; rents $1050 per*
annum; always rented.
$9,000 — Minna St., near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
for $60 per month; 3-5 rooms and bath,
lot 23xS'» feet;. must be sold. . ¦• . ¦
$7,000— Presi.lio Heights corner. 35x107:6 ft.;
.:-::. positively the biggest bargain for a sun-
ny corner lot in this district: both
ftraets bltumlnlzed; side sewers, bulk-
head and stone sjdewalks. ¦
$10,000— Val]-jo St., near Ljavenworth: 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
.-;-; -each: lot 27:6x127:0 ft.; rents for
$S7 50 monthly. .
$8,200 — Howard-st.' investment; rents $64 50
monthly; lot 25x83 ft. ; near Eighth St.;
1 substantial Improvements.
I $10,000— Rfduced from $12,500: Clay St.. near
: Buchanan; beautiful 10-roomed resl-
j dence; every modern Improvement; half
1 block frcm public square: lot 25xKjO ft.;
j Ik being sold at the above figure to ef-
i feet an immediate tale.
JIS.OOO— New Presidio Heights residence: flrst
j floor contains iarse reception hall and
1 living-room, dining-room, breakfast-
1 room, kitchen and butler's pantry: upper
floors contain 5 bedrooms and bath; also
j nllllard-room; basement contains ball-
, room, laundry, servarts' room, furnace.
I etc.: house Just completed and sold on
account of owner's deoarture from city;
! lot 40x127 :8Vi f«*t.
$45,000— O'Farrell-st. corner, downtown; three
frontages; old improvements renting for
*'"» Per month: lot 50x90 ft.; mortgage
«<> «*v^ J 23 -;! 00 at « Per cent can remain.
$A_w— Northwest corner or Castro and Alva-
or i B v"' : ' Ot 5O:CxI05 fe «t: elegant view
$31,750— Fourth st.. near Mission: lot 28:10x
I , *vi:6 ft.; rents nominal; should be im-
proved.
$8,750— Inccme ?900 gross per annum; "f new
medern flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento at.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 fret.
I $7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust st.. |
1 rear Jackson: almost new; 2-story.' bas«-
i ment And attic: 7 rooms and bath and
; basement: 3 bedrooms and also room for
I .„ ,^ 8 * rvan t: lot 25x112:6 feet.
j $o5,000— Mlsslon-st. corner: 100 ft. front; pays
I over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
1 »•.« A^, m t nt ' h:>use Rbov *." fine Investment.
I $30,000— 3-story and basement brick building.
i Battery st.: one tenant: leased five years
I at ?li5 monthly; pays 0 3-10 per cent
I ,, d net; lot 40x04 feet.
$7.000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave •
2 modern flats of C-5 rooms and bath:
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,230— Moss Ft., between ?ixth and Seventh,
fnear Folsom: 2 flats. R and « rooms and
bath; rents ,?»0; lot 21x80 feet. "
Get copy of our printed list of properties
SHAINWALD, RUCKBEE & CO..
R»»I Entate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st.
VON RIIEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY !
|; 51.1 CALIFORNIA ST.
! H?,°& D F.Y" ADERO - ST - Building lot.
$21,000— l.".0xl.";7:0: Devisadero. n«ar Wash-
ington, with old Improvements; must be sold
.„, ODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$21. COO— Mason St., near Pine, running
through to rear street; 4 new., artistically fin-
ished flats of 10. «, 6 end 4 rooms, renting for
$163 50 per month..
HOME IN SUNNY MISSION BELT
$5230^ — 37x90 to rear street; San Jose ave.
near Twenty-fifth; 9 rooms and bath; in the
warm belt.
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$1S.5CO— 23x137 :«: 3 new flats, Ellis st. near
franklin, containing 0, 10 and 11 rooms; rent
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS
$16.CC0— 27:0x137:6; Vallejo st.. near Leav-
enworth: 5 new flats, renting for $140 per mo)
'/. CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS
$0000— 60xCS:9: old Improvements: renting
for $30 per month: rapidly growing locality.
\\ UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
1 $52W) — 11:0x125;. Union st., near Van Ness
(.££¦
1 FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Three lots, 25x87:0 ft: each; Flllmore st..
nrar O'Farrell; fine locality for flats; must be
sold.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK" STS.
$10,000— Cl:Pxl 10; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick sts.; fine Flte for residence or
1 flf.js. "
— : — -
MODERN- BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$J5(X> — Laguna st., ntnr Union;. 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents" $34. "
MISSION HOME.
. $1500— 3Cxl22:fi; Capp *t.. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath, rentlns for f35per month.
CHEAP ASHBURY: HEIGHTS L<9TS.
$K'5O each — 25x137:6;" an unsurpassed line of
lota on either Clayton or -Carl sts. ; only a few
mere left in I this block.- •
BUILDERS, ATTENtTon" "
&• "¦ ' ~
«J
v > - . ' '
' . C ¦
H '.. .¦• '•
• 'a <^..-: : :
B — ; <:
RANDALL ST. ~
$6C0— Lota 27x133; NE.- cor. Randall and
Chenery st».; all ; ready to build; the
cheapest lots • offered in th; city for
cottages, cheap flats, etc.; cars transfer
alt over the city.
$3,850— Rents $480; the best bargain offered
for small Investment south of. Market
at.; 25-foot lot and .2 nice flats, in fine
condition; 5 rooms. and bath each; close
to Columbia square.:*; • •¦:,-:.'-
$6,500 — Large ' 27-foot sunny key lot, opposite
Duboce square; fine 10-room house; can
be ohr.nirnl Into: flats and will pay 1-
per cent.
$0,750 — Rents $750; built- by day's work; 3
fine new bay-window flats, 5-6-6 room*,
bath?; full-vise lot; flooded with sun-
shine; grand -vltw;. choice block; be-
tween two public parks. • /- '
$12,000 — IS larger handsume robirs: baths; 3
toilets: furnace; billiard-room; a strictly
first-class residence; big. corner: 30-foot
lot; (xtra'rrand. view; house alone coat
$16,000; choice location: near. the park.
$22,500 — Pacific Heights; .magnificent corner;
¦ marine view residence; superb in all ap-
polntments; concrete basement floor;
marble v«stlbule: elegant hardwood ln-
• terior finish: a lovely home. . ;
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, i 207 Montgomery St..
, . -Opp. Mills^'bulldlnz entrance. • 1
A GOOD .XMAS START. ' '}¦ -. •.
We ,ha\-e ' started ¦ 2 houses \ '.*¦'¦
•' this week and .will start
: 2 more, next week" for home- ¦
seekers who-leave' dark* . < .
flats and- the- annoyances
of landlords behind • them. . ;
Their rent money gets,?.- .
them 'a new, modern home
built to suit and "In- idea-
tions of their pholge. '
.Why. don't you matt, your
rent money, parn J'dll a home?
- We have homes r<ac|y:to-move-
In In desirable location!".
A postal will get full particulars.
• y . OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post it,
DON'T let these -chances! for a home
; go. by.- You can bay them on easy
monthly payments. '¦ ' .. ,
5-room'cottage.iPotrero ave.-and23d st.
. 5-rpom cottage on Day and Noe sts.
Both Just finished and have the latest Im-
¦ provements. - OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.'
;:,..-¦;• ?75O-^A BARGAiNi '. " .:¦.'.-'
"> 2 lots, a small house and barn on 23d st.
and Corbett ave.: $100 cash and $10 monthly.
' OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St. .
?700 BUYS 4 lots near Railroad ave.; pay-
ments ?5 monthly. -.'¦
....¦:'-- OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post *t. :
$8WV— FORTY-SIXTH ave. ; 5 lots, Sunset tfla-
trlct; cheap.. - - •
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post "t.
. . v LANDRY C. BABIN. ~~ rT ~-
Real Estate Agent,
Insurance Broker and Rent Collector
... 413 Kearny St., San Francisco.
.. ¦ Telephone Main 511. .
$1,CCO— 2 lots; 13th ave.. bet. K and L: 50x120
$»,0C0— Green, near Sansome; 45:10xCS:9,
$2,000 — 6 lots, off San Bruno, near Cowland.
$S,C0O— Jackson; near Sansome; 25x60; $30; 3
- . ¦ years' lease.
$13,300— Folsom, . neav 3d; 25x160; rent $93 50.
; $4,500— Pacific, near Jones. 4tixb*0; rent $32.
$15.000-^Folsom. nr. 6th; 25x165; rent $104 mo.
Apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
JOSEPH STRAUB, KJO Market st. "
*.' $2100— Cor. n Twenty-fifth • and Wisconsin sta.:
new cottage • of ' 4 rooms, bath and basement:
good location fcr grocery; $300 down, $15 month.
- $1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms,: bath and
basement:' $300. down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
' St., near Twenty-fifth.
I^1LE5^4.te---CITY-— FOU
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C33 MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
„¦ AUCTION.
TLESDAY, Dec. 15. l«O3. at 12 o'clock noon,
j£ At Our Salesrooms. '.
DEVISADERO- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
% West line of Devisadtro st.. 32 feet south of
Page; lot 25x100: improvements consist of spa-
cious store and 2 modern flats; Nos. 2&0-259H-
-61; present rents very low at St'8 per month.
~ PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE. '
West line of. Pierce St., 100 feet south of
McAllister; lot 37-6x112:6: No. 815; improve-
ments, elegant residence, lfi rooms; sa-
lon parlors, dining room with Inlaid hardwood
floors, porcelain bath, steam heat, etc*
MISSION RESIDENCES.
West line of Andover St.. 276 feet south of
Crescent ave.: lots 20x70 each; 2 new modern
2-story houses, containing C rooms, porcelain
bath, reception room; brick foundation, etc.:
Nos. 733-733 Andover 6t.; rented for ?23 each
per month. ,
BIRCH-AVE. FLATS.
_ North line of Birch ave.. 111:0 feet west of
Buchanan et. ; lot 20x60; improvements (Nos.
7O0-706>$) consist of 2 beautiful flats, 5 rooms
and bath each: rent ?30 per month; mortgage
$2500 at 0 t>er cent can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
, North line ol First ave.. .south of Point Lo-
bos; Nos. r»29-5.'}l; 2 new modern flats, 4-5
rooms and bath each; built less than a year:
rented for J42 50 per month; mortgage I150O
at ti per cent.
• T MISSION COTTAGE.
N. W. cor. of Twentieth ami Hartford sts.:
lot 25x82:6 feet; improvements consist of a
rnagrmflcent new cGttaee, 8 rooms and bath,
laundry, billiard-room and stable.
' r . MISSION LOT.
North line of Eighteenth ft.. 50 feet west of
Diamond; lot 24:8x75 feet: bltumlnized street;
title guaranteed: no reasonable offer refused.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
N\ \v. cor." of Belvedere and Frederick sts.:
3^x95 feet; also north side of Frederick St., .»3
feet west of Belvedere; lot 25x110 feet; to be
sold a? a whole; this property Is situated so
it commands an unsurpassed vl?w and will
make a most desirable building site.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT. .
North line of Qreenwich St.. 146:10«4 feet
east of Polk; extra size lot. S7:4tfxl37:6 feet.
For further uartlculars and catalogue apply
t0 . . ' EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
.* .-^ C38 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
633 Market street.
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
_ ¦ AUCTION •
Tuesday, December 22. IOCS. 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom.
_ DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. •
Leavenworth st., between Pine and California
Bts. — Lot 40xC() ft.: 2 frontages; through to
Helen st., Nos. 1037-30-41-43; Improvements:
3. elegant flats, 5 rooms and bath each, also
a handsome 10-room residence, all In flrst-
class condition; permanently rented at $UC0
a year.
_ PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East line of Clayton St., 27 :« ft. North ot
Height St., Nos. 032-54-36— Extremely large
lot 33x100 ft.; Improvements: 3 absolutely
new flats. 7 rooms and bath each, electric
lights, gas, patent gas grates, expensive
wooden mantels, tiled sinks in bathrooms.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT..
South line of Geary ft., 137:0 ft. west . of
Gough st. — Lot 27:0x137:6 ft.: No. 1353 Geary
st. ; a handsome 2-story frame residence, 10
rooms "and bath, high baspment, brick and
concrete foundation; rents $S5 per month;
i could easily be reconstructed Into two flats.
WEBSTER-STREET FLATS.
Nos, 107-9-11-13 Webster st., north of Wallar
et. — Improvements: 4 new flats, built less
than a year ago, containing O-C-C-9 rooms
and porcelain baths; rents $140 per month;
bltumlnized. streets, concrete sidewalk; ?5000
mortpajte can remain.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
West line of White St.. 157:0 ft. north of
Vallejo st., between Hyde and Larkin,' Nos.
17 and X1K — Two flats: r<>nts 10 per month.
RICHLAND COTTAGE. :
East line of Cook Et., 125 ft. north of St. Rose
st., between Point Lobos ave. and Rose st. —
Lot 25x120 ft., cottage of 0 rooms and bath: I
rented, for $15 per month; Geary-street cars
within % block. 1
TWENTY-SECOND-RTREET FLATS.
Nos. 3740-42 2L'd st., east of Noe St.— Lot 25x
114 ft.; Improvements: 2 modern flats, 4 and
5 rooms and bath: lower flat Is furnished;
furniture to be included in eale of property; :
rents $39 per month.
MISSION RESIDENCE. !
East line of_ Lexington ave.. S3 ft. south of 20th
st. — Improvements consist of 2-story resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath, brick foundation,
|2 toilets, etc._; this being a key lot, it com-
mands an abundance of sunshine. i
HYDE-STREET INVESTMENT., ! j
West line of Hyde »t., 75 ft. south of Post— ;
Lot 20x56, through to Meacham place; 2
frontages; No. 049 Hyde st. : improvements:!
8-room residence with porcelain baths, high
basement, patent steel range built in kitchen; '
rented for $r>0 p#r month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East line of Harrison St.. north of 22d st. — Lot :
26:3x100 ft.; No. 2329; cottage. 5 rooms and 1
bath, bay winflowsj wooden mantels. moa«?rn '
In every respect, -5 almost new; rented for'
$22 50 per month.
For further particulars Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY
C3S Market street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY. ~ \
t t>38 Market street.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS: I
$30,000— Rents $2700 per annum; McAllister :
St.. close, to Market: C magnificent .lats.
$22,500— Bust st.. near Polk; 50x120 through to
. real street; natural site for apartment-
house; 15-room residence, rented for
$100 per month. . \
$15,500 — Pacific Heirhts; unsurpareed marine
Mew: 2 new. flats, 10-11 rooms, rented '.
for $140 per mo.; magnificent throughout "!
$9,500— Franklln-st. cor.; 40-ft. frontage- '
elegant 12-room residence; original cost ¦
$15,0CO; rented for $»;0 per month. '
$6,500— Park Panhandle residence; 10 rooms '
and. bath: must be sold to close an ;
estate; rent ?50. j
$6,150 — Residence on Steiner st. ; 6 rooms,
bath; finished basement and stable.
?5,70O — Business corner; 2 flats and store;
flrst-class condition; rent ?600 per an-
num; Mission warm belt. *
$4,750— Xatopia et., near Eighth; 4 flats-
rents $45 per month;, positive sacrifice '
$4,500 — Tehama st. ; 2 flats. 4 and 0 rooms-
rents exceedingly low at 5X1 ; could bn 1
Increased: owner forced to sell.
$3,250 — Minna- st.; 2 fine flats; rented for
~ : $32 60 per month to permanent tenants;
income could easily be Increased.
$3,000 — Entire block, bounded by 17th and 18th
aves., W and X sts., near Ingleslde; car
1 ne now being built over 19th ave.;
beautiful site for roadhouse.
$2,800— Two flats, also stable; rents $20 per
mo.; Baker St.. near Sutter; a snap-
call early for full details.
$2,800 — Cottage on Baker st.; 4 rdorr.s; largo
lot; lot alone worth price asked.
$1,450— Harriett St.; 2 flats; rented for $12;
3 rooma each; lot 25x75; this property
' has an assured future^
$1,400— Turk St.; 80xl27:«*t.; worth twice
the price asked; business failure causes
l >rv •¦ sale.
' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
, . .. . 638 Market street.
SPECK & c67, * ~~ ~~*
667 Market st., opp. Kearny.
Real. Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property.
GREAT WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100,000 — Townsend-st. corner. 275x275 ft.,
-^•-. • . • fronting S. P. R. R. : no better site
. . for storage or warehouse purposes.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$25,000— Rents $230; corner; Western Addition;
lot 37:0x84 feet.
$19,000— Annual rents, ' $2185; Golden Gate
Park; modern, bay-window, flats; lot 50x
137:0 feet.
$10,000 — Geary st., east of Larkin. st.; rents
$125; 3 elegant flat*. •
$15,900— Annual rents, $1710; Webster St.; 4
• new flats; select location.'
$11,500— Annual rents, $1328; substantial 3-
Btory , building; lot 60x80 feet; vicinity
of Second and Howard sts. ;
$10,000—2 beautiful Pcat-st.' flats; close to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always
¦'•r--\-. rented; yearly rents, $900.
$9,250 — Rents $96 SO; stores and flats; near
6th and ' Harrison ; 2 frontages.
$6,500— Yearly rents, $924; Rltch St.; lot 42x
75 feet; pays 14 per cent.
$5,000 — Washington St., near Spruce; lot COx
< - 112:6 feet; must be sold to close estate.
$5,000 — Yearly rents. $624: 2-story building
and stable for six horses.
$»,C00 — 2 Sutter-st. flats; 5 and 6 rooms; lot
•' 25x137 :6 ' feet : a good buy.
$3,2rO — Yearly Income, $420; flats near Third
and Bryant sts.; lot 25x75 feet.
SPECK & CO.,
1 667 Market st.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO., 41-42 Chronicle
- building. Wholesale district. >-
68:9xl37:6;'a grand corner on , Battery st., not
far from Market: Improvements old, not , to
be considered. ; ' ¦>
27:6x112:0; Ellis st., near Jones; good, sub-
stantial three-story building; "could be re- I
modeled. ' ¦ . '¦¦¦•-.
$115,000; downtown hotel under secured leass;
1 -'paying'-' a'- good Income. '
i 22:11x137:6: Battery st.; good lot to Improve.
$30,fiOO; 4th-st. corner; good Improvements;
rents $2240 per annum.
, $16,000; Folsom, near. 5th. St.; stores and flats;
• ; large lot; rents $1296 per annum. . •
$5500; ¦ four ¦ flats near ; 6th and % Howard '' sts. ;
-rents $000 per annum. ¦••. • -¦ .
25x180; elegant Ashbury Heights residence; two
frontages; lot vacant on , rear, street; offer
I ; wanted.
W. F. AMBROSE A CO.^41 fel,42 Chronicle
building. ¦- ~ ' -
START THE NEW YEAR . ~ .
i - SAVING $5- PER MONTH
By. buying a lot In the growing city of , Rich-
mond, where are', located'- the ' Standard Oil
Company, Santa ' Fe -. Railroad - terminal, i the ,
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehouses and
i manufacturing plants."- 'All level. Streets
graded. Maps ' free. ¦ ' . . - . :~ '¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦
• RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
: _ . Crocker building, ; San . Francisco.; '
BARGAIN—^-Fine,' new; 0-room, cottage;*, large
basement; ?3500.' Owner. 678 Oth ave.. nr. C.43
THE .SAN FRANCISCO .CALL,. /.SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13,. 1903.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS |
OAKLAXD hoOMS'TO LKTl
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS. ... .
055',* Washington and 510- Ninth sts.. Oak-
land;- furnished' rooms en suite or single, with-
er without board; special rates to families, j
MONTANA House. '320 Eighth it. ; sunny \
-¦suites and single - rooms ¦ for housekeeping j
?*"~"-! '.. — ¦ , - - i
OAjKLAyn^FjDnxiTUftE FOK^^ALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In • furnl-
ture. ¦ H. Schelfliaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
UOUSE5 TO LET._
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES an« flats. to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely fre»; take advantage of
this decartment: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture ,Co.. 243-239 Geary
it., on the' square.
PACIFIC ave.. IC42. near Van Ness ave.: house
of 0 rooms and bath; rent $25: will renovate ;
5 to suit tenant.-' VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513
_Callfornla st. ¦ - '
SAN JOSE ave.. 222, near Twenty-flfth— Sunny !
modern house of a rooms and bath; large
grounds and stable; rent $40. VON RHEIN
R. E. CO., 513 California. st. ¦ .
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
,to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post 'St.
LARGEST list of new houses .and flats, call on
LYON & HOAG^_ll6_Montgomery st. ¦
HOUSE to letVrent $14] 430 Clementina st.;
5 sunny rooms. " :
HOUSES FliRMSlIEO — FOll SALE.
MUST^selT at once, folding-bed, dresser, chif-
foniers, leather couch, dining set. carpets,
etc. 1S18 Market st. - -
. ' LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Purse containing $30, ,cor.' Cherry and
Sacramento St.; liberal reward. SS30 Sacra-
mento st. ¦ itH
LOST— Male fox terrier with black and brown
head. Return' to 920 Page St.; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier; brown spot on eye. Return
.to. 000. Howard st. , . .
LOST — Last evening about 6 o'clock, a yellow
skin purse with large gold monogram and
turquoise netting. . Reward at Palace Hotel
offlce; Initials on purse. P. W. W. R.
LIBERAL reward for return of small whlta
spaniel; tan ears and spots. 3032 Jackson st.
FOUND— Sailboat. Inquire 326 Francisco
street. ¦ ¦ "" __^
: IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st... needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. , V
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to S26 Post st.N ¦
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1003% Market St.. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale, druggists.- -Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O' DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. reltef;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist? a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. -Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St., corner
20th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10..
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
I original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. 1 " \
MIXES AND MIXIXQ.
PROSPECTOR knows where to locate Iron, oil, '
coal, gold claims, If given grubftake by hon-
or:i.ble parties. Box 87?>, Call office. Oakland.
miSCELLA.NEOUS— FOR SAX.B. .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
i ' TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. ¦
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with clatertte; In rolls easy to lay:
s needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or. shingles: best' for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — 325 laying hens, Zlii chicks 2 months
old, 50 ptgeonb. 3 Incubators, 3 brooders.
h6r*e, wagon, buggy, 2 sets harness, working
Implements, etc; place for rent. Inquire
LENGEMAN'S Krocery, Cth ave. 8. and L st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, '. engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. j etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO., 130-132 Beale st.
TANK wagon/ of 200-gallon capacity, with com-
partments; good for kerosene oil route. In-
quire California Oil and Burner Co.. 968
Broadway. Oakland. ¦ - -
LADY'S Russian sable coat; perfectly new;
latest Parisian fashion; containing 7ti genu-
ine skins; cost $1750; will sacrifice for $1200.
Box 4866. Call offlce.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 B0. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothlnjr Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to, 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents - gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITEL'AW. 253-255 Spear at.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cast:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk fc Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's bhoes at $1 and SI 50 pair'
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
Charges. 11 3d st.. -Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Prloe Hatter. S30 Kearny st.. near
' Pine; open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
DISPOSING ot Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P., 20
H. P.; attractive prices. The Tracy Ensl-
neerlng Co.. 181 Fremont st.. S. F.
20 FRESH cows and springers, $30 and $40
eaen. SAM AFTERGUTf Mission road, near j
Seven-mile House and county . line. -. , ¦
SLOT machines; Deweys.' Chicagos, Twentieth
Centuries; your own price. 1508 Seventh St.,
Oakland. ." _
SAILING ark for hunting and fishing. 32S
Bush st.. third floor, room 4. .
THREE beautiful cocker spaniel pups; ; l brown
male; 2 females. 79 City Hall ave. > •
ELEGANT holldav gifts at' reasonable prices.
Klngsland Art Shop, Halght and Deylsadero.
SINGER and White sewing machines for sale
cheap at 2214 Mission st., near Eighteenth.
THOROUGHBRED English female fox terrier,
3 months old. 182S Powell st., near Filbert.
'BEAUTIFUL thoroughbred "English spaniel '<
¦ pups, 0 weeks eld, $5 and $10. 131S Folsom st. [
A SNAP — Jewell gas range, cheap; good as
new. •• American Bar, Second and Bryant. •
MOTOR— 2-horse Wcstlnshousft A, C; In use
four. months; $100. Box 37»2, Call offlce.
UNREDEEMED lady's English . broadcloth;
sacrifice. 101 % O'Farrell st. •
FOR sale — Very fine Cocker spaniel pups, 6
weeks old. 71S Folsom st. -.-. • . . . -¦ •
GOOD second-hand Rambler bicycle for sale.
, 512 Twenty-fourth st., Oakland. ,
FOR sale — Elegant sealskin coat, bust 38. 915
Polk st. -' '- . . - -
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P.. chean. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT, machines cheap; Chicagos. Twentieth
Centuries. Puckt. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1919
Market, ab. Van Negs. RICHARDSON BROS.
Printing office. 3 C./tP. presses." motor, cutter.-
- type, fixtures; doing gcorl business. 29S6. Call.
6AFEE— New I and second ' hand. - THE j HER-
MANN SAFE CO.y 307 : Battery st.
A VERY line diamond heart for $210 at W. J,
y HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. J r . ? . >
V'EW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
T KROGH MNFG. CO.. 510 Market »t.
MOVING pictures., magic lanterns, sale.- rental;
- bargains. -. Bullard & Kreck.> 131 > Post st.
MILES - of pipe arid fittings; all sires. EU-
. GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SAFES— Ne w ¦ and second hand. E. B. BECK
6 CO.. 122 Market st. .;' .' . i 'i
All barpains;camp stools and chairs: hammocks,'
¦-•:, metal bed ?, ma ttregses. J.F-Hotter.713 Mission.
Ediscn: phonographs, -records, -supplies,' moving \
'-« picture machines, film*. Bac!*alupl. 93.1 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine?., automobile.* and launrhen;
.^all sixes. : J. E..DOAK. 40 Fremont St.,
ASK for. prices' on second-hand typewrlers: all
, makes: ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montr y.
A ER AN CH of flee of . The : Call for ; the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions : has
'. been opened at - 100S . Market ? St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 P.vm. '
I ' '' -'^"fCELUXEOM WANTS.
WANTED— A good, Second hand gasoline en-
gine, about 4 horsepower, and lank about
SOCO rallons. Address E. D. WHEELER.
Concord. Contra Costa County, Cal.
! J. D. 'JJcKEE. carpenter and Jobbing. 508 Bry-
I ant. nr. 3d; furniture repairing a specialty.
] A SECOND-HAND tricycle ¦ for child 8 years
j . old. Box 3704, Call office.^
WANTED — A good secondhand nemstttcher;
state price. Address Box 3772. Call offlce.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H.C. HOLMES.
1149 Market gt.; phene Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
WANTED— A small screw cutting lathe and a
motor to run it. Box 4SS1. Call offlce.
WANTED — Horse suitable for express on time
payments: Al references. Box 3761. Call.
WANTED — Dozen young pullets. Box 3178,
Call offlce.
WANTED— 100 old stoves and ranges at RUG-
GLE3'. 310 Jackson st.
MOTOR. 2 h. p., also stMcblng machine wanted.
! Box 377ff. Call offlce.
j WANTED- Good strong trunk. Call or address
j »C4^ Folsom.
'. TILTON Wants good secend-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 151 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN. '
AAA— HERMAn"mURPIIy7 — ~--—
i C01-G02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
. Save expenses by dealing directly.
. Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
- teres'.s In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly ccnfldentlal.
When You Need Monev .
See HERMAN MURPHY.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos er to- salaried people on their
- note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 10. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;%'Zo up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA.
TIONAL CREDIT CO., C3 and 60 Donohoe
buildlnsr. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-nouses, without
(security; easy' payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 555 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
. . 2 per cent. Interest. Baldwin Jewelry 8tore,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Gtant ave.,
¦ | LOANS FROM $1 TO «10.0QO
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
• diamonds, pearls and precious "rtones. bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. . Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 48-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: en furnl-
• ture; indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pfanos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted..
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salar'e* confiden-
tially; new.slmple plan. Room 50. 81U Market.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tnal ,Savlng g Bank- bldg.. 703 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
. mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Keamy.
STAR Loan' Cf>. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
Indorter. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WAKTOD.
A — 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of f 100 and upward: no "get-
••' rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
> bltng scheme, but ¦ a reputable, established
' business enterprise In San Francisco: cleared
167,000 last year on J10O.00O capital; stock
Increased $20.CC0 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars. ;•
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. !>27 Market st.
/?^MIJMCAI^ixSTOjirME J^^
GAINS;
Collard. $35; Emerson, |C5; Fllsher, $70;
Miller, $175; Chlckerlng, $167; % American,
1165; ¦• Heine. $235; Haynes. $15»; fiteinway.
$185; Sttlnway. large style, $325. and fifty
others. Rents. $2 up; installments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary street:
' - Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. -bldg. ;
THE holidays are close at hand and all who
contemplate selecting a piano are advised to
select this week so as to avoid the delay of
rush week. A small payment down will se-
cure the Instrument and delivery can be
made when you wish; ?150 upward Is all you
need say. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
. COMPANY. 7GU Market st.
WE rent, the best piano In the city for $3 per
month; we allow six months', rental and
cartage ($20) off purchase- pr4ce, thus giving
' you a six months' trial Of the Instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled In San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 860-64 Hayes st.
A FINIS lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up including such makes as Chlckerlng. Vose,
Krocgcr. Curtaz. Klrkham, Pease, Hardman,
Marshall & Wendell, Baus and others. BENJ.
- CURTAZ & SON. lft O'Farrell st. No
branches In San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age planes and furniture selllag to pay stor-
age; dirt cheap. Whltehead's 8torage, - 1836
Market st. Open evenings.
BAND Instruments; F. Besgon. Paris. mak*r;
Gus Malwalu. Agt. Pac. Coast, 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; Sd-hand Instruments told.
ALMOST new, fine toned upright piano for
sale; cheap for cash. Box 4S73. Call. '• >. !
• SQUARE piano, $35, for sale. 831 San Jose
avenue.
$65— UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister si
ALMOST cheaper than firewood ; storage pianos
& furniture. 1630 Market st. Ooen evenings.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or lnntall-
m<?nt. SCHMIT7J & CO.. W McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER,- Byron Mauty pianos. Ceclllan piano
• player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin?, sithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AfrP STORES TO LET.
TO let— A large, well lighted double store, with
a three living rooms' attached;' situated at 272
Ninth et. ; rent $30. Apply bakery. 1317 Fol-
som st.
TO LEASE— rln center of wholesale district;
large, light basement with . concrete floor; SE.
cor. Market and Second sts. ; 63x175: 'will b»
put In cood condition:, rent ¦ ¦• reasonable.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE &.-CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st. : .'¦ •
2 LARGE stores and finished basements; side-
. walk elevator; Valencia et., near Inth. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO..' 20 Montgomery st. '_ ;
LARGE store with basement, near Kearny st.
and Hall of Justice, to lease. BABIN. 413
Kearny 6t. '
LARGE store with living; rooms and base-
ment. 1413 Castro st.: rent $15; water free.
PAtJtSTIlY.
MME." DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $f; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 130 Post st.
MlIJl NEEROAARD'S claus tn palmistry be-
gins Dec. 1, S p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. 'JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
I'APERHANGIXG. PAl.VMXO. ETC. "
CALL at 62T Turk st." or phone Sutter 154 for
paperhan^tng. painting and paper cleaned. .
Papering; reasonable ratrs; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 3d; tel. Main 413.
. PHYSICIAN'S AMD SUKGEOX S. >
DrTcTc. O* DONNELL— Office ar.d "residence.
1U21VS Market si., bet. Cth and. 7th; partlcu-
I lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin ami rectal - diseases a" specialty
DR. HALL. 107:ttt Market St.
REMOVED— I>R. WONG HIM. • herb doctor,
.treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at (=67 Geery s^nearLeavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CH Y, successor to Dr. LlPo
• Tal.' t herb d-octor. cures alt dineases of human
: by -use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
DR. H. C. ; WONG. 71» Post St.; all diseases
-.cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free. J •
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
cases cured by Chinese herbs. 716-8 Clay st.
CSUTFIELD £ VINZENT.
$4,500— tiht-nnet-t bon-.e in the city; uear Va-
Jcivia i rid »tf.; lot 40x125 feet.
< ui:h irw.Jern oottsse of T rooms and
bath: investigate this at 'once.
?8.X>0— Txvo fine flats of « and 7 rooms and
baUi each; i^ear Howard and HOth sts.;
iot 80x130; rents f i5.
. $3.500— Cufh St.. r.ear Hr4e: ¦ lot 25xl37:«,
«Jth 3 flats; paying £67 50 j>er month.
$10.000— A mar: ne«r Hurt and Powell; lot 51
feet JrontaK p ; runs to rear street; .'Kts;
well rented.
$lt.r.OO— Geary f=t : dnwn town; lot 27:rtxl37:«
f^Pt. wiih rplcXdld. res'.Ane© of 11
ricrr.s and bnth.
CHATFI&MJ £: VINZENT.
2^s Mcntcomery *t., S. F.
11 UAL INSTATE — Country— for Sale.
- AA— C11ATF1ELD & VINZENT.
122.500 403 acres, three miles from. Hay-
vrarde; fine house. ll> rooms; large barni; 05
brad cows: all farming implements, dairy
HUilsHa hern~sr. all complete; terms 'i cash,
balance' to suit; great bargain; see photon at
office.
«;SO0 — 46 acrea well located; S'artn County,
roar Novato; suitable for poultrj' : will sell in
two parts.
Also several -lO-acre tracts on Home and
Farm Co.'s lands, near Black Point, from $15
to f2T> per acre; eary terms; elso two .lnely
ls>c£ted 5-aore tracts frontinsr on Petaluraa
Creek for bunting clubs; one-third cash.
$15.000— 12S0 acres land, four miles from
town and cood market; 700 acres level; all
well fenced and cross-fenced: 2 good houses:
f.rif barn*; water piped from springs through-
out buildings: 70 head choice cattle; 2 horses: '
complete lot farming implements; household
furniture; rxTronaJ properly valued $30tM>; will
6ell laud without personal property.
57 tj acres adjoining town of Novato, 20
rn'les from city: for sale as a whole or subdl-
>Uions: price (3000; cheapen place in the
State; ten miles from £an Rafael. '
Fine stock ranch; Marln County, near San
Rafael; cheap; over 2<*X1 acres.N
A few more thoee choice 5-acre tracts on
Pan Leandro road from $250 per acre up; elec-
tric cars run tn front of tracts.
Send for out latest catalrvgue of California
lands, stork, rrain, fruit and alfalfa farms,
hnc. dairy and chicken ranches; country
homes.
¦ CHATKIELI) & VINZENT,
22S Montcomfry ft.. S. F. £
FOR Fale— $C5 per acre; 540 ae»-es highly im-
proved land on rtoberW Island; large ware-
house, good landing; H mile rtx'er front; 7
mile* from Stockton; thfc 15 A No. 1 garden
truck, alfalfa or asparagus land.
For f-aie — $40 per acre; \- t down; fine fruit.
Vi'-rry. table or wine-prrepe land, in 5. 10 and
20 acre tracts: Sacramento County.
For sale — $10 per acre; SfW acres choice
stock land: Sacramento County; 500 acres
food plow l*nd and is under good ditch; well
fenced and cros*-fe»ce<l.
Several dairy ranches, ranging from 40 to
S2<> acres.
QUIGGLE. 723 Market st.. care Whitaker
A Ray -Co.. 9 to 10 a. m.. * to 5 p. m., or ad-
dre** box 15. Gait. CaL
$350 TO $400 PER ACRE.
41 «eres, with full bearing assorted fruit
trees, containing a modern 7-room dwells ;'
rural mail delivery; tprinklcd roads; public
schools, churches, etc.; a rural home with city
conveniences; fruit trees, shrubberies, etc.; an
opportunity for the suburban, homeseeker to ob-
tain a home; will subdivide to suit purchaser;
price $C50 to $400 per acre.
LAYMANCE REAL EPTATB CO..
4C0-462 Clphth St..
-. . Oakland, Cal.
A BARGAIN— $7500; 60 acres of eboice land,
i miles east of the city of San Jose; near
Alum Rock Park and 1 mile from electric-
cars; 20 acres In r*>si*tant vines. 4 years old;
*f«) aople. 800 apricot trees, 4 j-ears old: 3-
room boose, barn. well, etc.: xnnst be sold:
term-s if desired. Address JABES BYRNE
JR.. Union Depot and Ferry bldg.. city
FOR Fale— Nicely Iraprnved fruit and grain
farm pf 5T», acres, two miles from city;
bearing orchard: two houses and all needed
outbuildings. LUCAS tt ALLRED, owners,
Santa Cruz. Cal.
— — 1
FOP. homes in the country Bend to R, . P.
QGIS2K. real etttte. Watsonvllle; seijd for
catalogue on country lands. .
tlt.VOfl — 173 1-3 acre*, one mfle- south from
Younri !II*. Napa. County: vineyard, hay and
rrzin; balance -woodland; 7 springs and run-
clnp water. GEO. F. VOLZ. 7«J2 Fulton st.
F"OR r^nt — $2-» per year, 12 acres full-bearing
orchard; Duildincs and yards for 1000 poul-
try, 3 miles ;rom town. GEO. C. YOUNG,
Petalurr.a,
FOR farms, Wreharila and vineyards, poultry
and *tr.ck ran<-h«'8. timber and grazing lands.
¦ .-: : or send inr our catalogue. ROTIfER-
MEL & CO., 507 California st.
tlO A MONTH buy* a 10-erre farm.
$200 prcCt per annum per acre.
Write fcr booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT * KIMBROUGH. Sacyimento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vln»rcrSs: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Jcrue* f*ct free. C. M, WOOSTER CO:. «4S
¦ Market ct.
A BIG H»t "f all rlasre* of ranches; state
whafi wf,nt»d and I'll send d«crij!tions.
N. D. FICKELS. the Land Agent, « Geary.
BUY a cheap home; nertd i-tamp for i:«t; chick-
. en ranches. alfaJfa. stock, fruit and general
farmg. W. J. WHITE. 2C Moatgoroery rt.
ALFALFA our FpecIaJty: best alfalfa land at
$20 r*r acre; ditch and artesian water. P
II. JORDAN CO.. 110 Montgomery St.
FOR rr-nt.' near Hay wan!*, a Trell Improved
fruit or chicken rarch; 10 acres. 3021 Shat-
tuck a've.. Berkeley.
TAN'TEn to leaee for term.cf years ftO srres
of aifalfa. for dairy; give location and terms.
Cox 37te7. Call office.
CHEAP fcr c-iFh: mnaJl farm; running water.
• lf>{ Belv-dere «.. ricar Goiaen Gate Park.
SAJ8T MATEO EEAL ESTATE.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO. '
W« have a choice list of excellent residence
T>rop*>rtie». villa ette* and acreage. Don't fall
to «*e us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms!
Bound to be most valuable. See our local agent.
Frank S. Grumrr.cn. San Mateo office opea
Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
SPECIAL— 230 ACRES— CHOICE LAND
¦ Close to city of San Mateo. Oak trws run-
ning water. Can be had at $175 per acre.
Sold to close an estate. Can " be subdivided
Into 5-acre tracts and sold at a splendid profit
i Particular* of FRANK S. GRUMMON a*ent
m at Ban Mateo. or BALDWIN is. HOWELL.
25 Post 6t.
..^P,!^_^y^^y»*ltBALBgTATlB.
BUY A LOT NOW -— - ~
1 ¦ tv ».«,- * AT POINT RICHMOND
XN THE SANTA FE TRACT
1 77 WILL DOUBLE IN VALUE.
ALL LKVfcL. $5 p^r month
McEWEN BROS. MS Montgomery «.
"^- J" 1 '-" • "-' . Role Agents.
4 LOTS, cheap for cash. 328 Bush st third
floor, room 4. - *-;i
WATER* front lots end bargains: all tracts-
tnapt.. photo*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldgl
'--¦?F AL gSTATE "O EXCHASGB.
FOR sale— $1S5O. cash or 1-3 down, new 4-room
cottar, with all mrKlern improvements' hl-h
b*wmtri: rhlcl:en-house .run; fenced -
; . will exchange for Caklani property; lot ICOx
" Set JBT. t-an Bmno and Silver jive, car lin«s
AM. orr.li H. W. Mliivs. 1^0 Charter Oak tt!
yewrac .*V^"*gA^-*P? ltpl ik ?«T
M^/* M ln * machins; thi* week only;
f?2^?"- * 20: 'lightly used; needle* 20= .los
KETV HOME F. M. CO. IOr.1 M»rfc>t st.
FBUITVAXE Advertisements.
FltiriTVALE REAL ESTATE.
Cli^% r V L £F .. L Phone VaiT"-^
Offlce K Klock From Frultvale StaUon
$1CO cash; balance *10 month— %-acrr flr.e
sec<?y loam noil; running crrek of nice water;
-fruit tree* in boarir.?: tine shade trees; rustic
cottage of 3 rooms; chicken houses Jnclnsrd in
6-foot wt— - fence; grounds all surrounded by
i?« h;»rh «-foot picket end board fence: close- to
car*. Krhools and depot: an admirable
r *>ee for a. ctlcken ranch; price all told enly
($7r> — IjOts In the beautiful Tlo'a'Lee Tract:
fue soil; franJ view; i»w homes ranfdly irolnjr |
up;, no .coM winds, or xvri foirs. and lots only'
$73 each: S5 down balance S2 ."'• jx»r month ¦
- CHARLES F. LEE. J2g3 : KrultvaIj ave.
• ACRES; Frultvale; orchard; large boutc.
barr., etc.; comfortable home where living
csjj be me.de. Box 5780. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS'
ALAMKDA ItKAI, ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— EASY PAYMENTS.
$10CO buys beautiful lot. 50xiW). near trains
and schools. . . .
$1500 buys, 5-rooriv cottage; modern \ very de-
sirable. ' . . , . , . .'.-¦
$2000 buys 5-room cottage; lot 40x130; near
Clinton ave. . • r
$2oC0 buys beautiful B-roora colonial home;
San Jose ave. . , : ¦ ¦ •
$2500 buys modern 6-room cottage; lot 60x
153; a bargain. . ¦ ¦ • . . • i .,
$3000 buys 8-room cottage; San Antonio ave.:
a enap.'
$3300 buys elegant - 7-room . colonial house;
very convenient.
$4250 buys colonial 8-room house; all modern
Improvements. - -
$5000 buvs one of the 'most' modern 8-room,
colonial houses In Alarceda; new; fine corner
lot; beautiful ' location.
. $6500 buys choice enrner lot. 50x150. together
with large 10-rocm house, in the center of city.
CALL AND GET A LIST OF OUR PROP-
ERTIES FOR. SALE.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY TO GET A
HOME CHEAP.
HOUSES BUILT. RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
¦¦ 1500 PARK ST.. : • -
Telephone Grand 1481. Alamed*.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
$1000 — 5-room IVi-story cottage; lot 25x101;
terms. -. ¦ ': •
$1000 — 5-room 1 -story cottage;' ...lot 26x100;
terms.
$1400— R- room 1 -story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms. ¦ - -
$17W) — 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 26x125: Vi
cash.
$2150 — 7-room 1-Btory cottage.; lot 54x150;
1 $500 cwh. i .; - -
$2150— 5-room 1-stbry cottage; lot 40x116; H
! cash.
$2300 — 6-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; »4
cash.
$3100 — 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x180; Y*
cash. . * .
Two rice water front cottages on Central
ave., near station; bargains; large, list of realty.
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 1400 iWebsfer st.
FOR rent — On Benton St., Alameda, modern
e-mem cottage,, Trlth cement' basernettt: situ-
ated on enrner; only 2 blocks ' from' Bay sta-
tion. B. H. WELCH & CO./Flfth ave. and
Eighteenth tt., Oakland. '
$20.0ii0- BUSINESS property for sale In Oak-
land: 44 roonjs; lot 50x100; now leafc&ft for 5
years at $150 per month; good security: also
in Alameda.' a brand new S-rpom house; up
to date. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.; Bay
station. Alameda; phone IS1I. ..,
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1.5C0— A NICE 4-room cottage; lot 45x125;
very conveniently . situated.
Only $2500^-A good house of ' 6 rooms on north
Bld« of Ftreet; lot 5OxlS5: street work
done; near the key route; only $1000
earn needed. . -
$3,000 — A jrood 7-room house, on runny side of
street: near both railroads; a thorough
barraln. . ,.
$4,000— Now. building, a fine 2-stbry house- of
7 rooms; lot C2 feet frontare: street
work done; near both key route and
S. P. railroad*.
$S.SOO — A srlVndld house of*9 rooms: In the
HIHegaps tract; lot 52x160; street work
done.
$7,©C0^ — One of the best built houses In -Ala-
meda County; new, house of 8 rooms;
double floors, furnace, etc.; large cor-
. ner lot; very conveniently situated to
university. ... .
$10, COO — A gentleman's home; fine house of 16
room»:«t* a/res of land; near. the hills.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real -Estate.
P. E. c/n-ner Shattuck ave. and Cedar st.
$1,500—1 ACRE. 1?4 blocks from station. 2
blocks from electric cars.
$3.700— i-A" snap; must be sold at once: t*-o-
story, <J-room -house,- 1-yearcld; lot 42x
120; street work all done; new furniture
complete throughout: 1. block from elec-
tric cars and 3 blocks from" Lorin sta-
tion; $1200 cash, balance $30 per month.
1927 Fairview st.
$4,500— 7-room house and -well, lot 200 feet
front. 135 feet deep; street «prk com-
plete; near station, cars and university.
$4,000 — 7-room house .'in perfect crder; street
work all done; lot 75x120; situated at
S021 King st., Berkeley. i
$2,400^ — ft-room house; near station, school.
etc.; lot 43x135; easy terms.
$15,000— Business block at Berkeley station; a,
snap; now. earning 12- per cent. . . ,
• L. J.. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
____£_ _____
$S0O— 4-room house: fine' well, chicken house
and yard; lot :40xl02; handy to cars. ,- .
$1500 — 4-room house; high basemenf^ nice lot:
.gas, bath .and patent toilet; -en main
etreet.and cer line; „ $500 each ; balance
$15 per month'.
$1S5O— 5-r9Otn house: high basement; bath
" snd patent to!!«; windmill and barn,
¦ nic» gawJen; lot 40x127;' street work com-
plete;; well' located; hanfly to cars.
$2300 — Handsome ' 7-room house, almost new;
all conveniences ; Iot.5Oxl4j; cireet work
complete; splendid location; close to car
line. ' . ". '
$2650 — Very handsome, "well built. 6-room
houte; high basement; every convenience;
large Jot; street work complete.
W. C. MORAN. Lorln Station, cr "
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby. Station.
$900— REDUCED from $1050 for Immediate
sale; cottage, 3 -good rooms; swell, large
lot: close to cars and ferry train; a snap.
$2C0O — New modern cottage, 0 rooms, bath,
" basement, tinted walls, frescoed ceilings;
improved strctt; close in.
$3.*<C0— A beauty; up-to-date colonial home; 7
rooms and -bath; elegant paneled dining-
room; fine location; examine.
$2400— Fine cottage, 6 large rooms.."bath, pan-
try, etc.; large floored basement; fine
shrubbery, chicken yards and houses: lot
50x135; Improved street: one block from
station; both ferries; cars, schools, etc.;
¦ a- tmai\
Buy a lot; now Is the time; you will make
big money.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorln Station.
ALLEN & ELLIS SPECIALS.
We have on our lists over 100 bouses for
rale, ranging in prices from $1100 to $12,000;
some of them real nice and well worth the
money; come. and let us show s*ou such houses
as are In the line pf what you want, and If we
can't suit. you In a house and lot we can prob-
ably suit you in a lot and assist, you In having
a house, built to your taste. Good Investments
— J2675. yearly Income $300; $5000, yearly in-
come ?000; $0000. yearly income $720; $7500
yearly income $900; $9<J0O. yearly income $1000;
$10,000, yearly income $1200;- $l«,000. central
business property, yearly Income $14C0. •
ALLEN & ELLIS. 2120 Center st.. Berkeley
$2000 — 5 R. : Ftreet work done; Oregon ct.
$2C50 — 6 r. and b. ; lot 50x135; Hearst ave.
$2750—5 r. and b.; new; lot 40x135; 1 block
station. . - . '. • . .
$2250—5 r. and b.; lot 60x120; near college;
eary terms.
$1500— Cor. lot on Walnut *t.;' 140x135; fln$
view. ' • -
$400— Let 40x135-; 1 block car line; easy terms.
$2*>— Lot 40x130; $10 per month.
$200^ — Acre lot; 1-3 cash, balance 1 and 2
years. ; CHENEY & BERRY.
¦ P. O. block. Berkeley station.
BARGAIN; 5 rooms, bath, pautry, city water,
nice mantel," folding doors, brick foundation,
high basement,, all fenced, and crces-fenced.
. chicken houses, stable, etc. : fruit trees, flow-
er garden; lot 50xlC5; price $2250; terms $150
caFh, balance $1S per month; 2 blocks to sta-
tion and Ftreet. cars: open Sun-lays. O. A;
ItUDOLPII. Lorin Station.
i , :
A FEW bargain* — 5»room cottage, dot* to both
. railway systems, $1750; 7-room house with
barn, lot :{7:«xl35, street -work, complete,
convenient to trains, only $3200; fine 12-room
house, close to north entrance of the unlv**-
elty. JC75O; 2 extra choice building sites,
unobstructed view of bay and hills, will be
sold reasonably. ... - • .
JUSTER & BA1RD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
i DO you intend to buy or build? Choice prop-
erties in all parts of town at lowest obtain-
able prlcrs. or will build for you economi-
cally, according. to your plans, for monthly
payments lo*5 than rent. - ' •
- FRANCIS FERRIER.Jleal Estate; " j; *-.
2121 Shattuck ave., opp. BERKELEY Sta.
$S50-MX)TTAGE. 4 rooms; fruit trees, chicken.
house: lot 45x125; 3 blocks to both ferry lines,
1 block" 'to -electric cars, store." school and
¦ church: terms. $75 cash, balance same as
rent. $12 50 per month. Open Sundays. O.
A. RUI>OIjP1I. Lorln Station. : .
FQR.eale — New homes ln-iB.erkeIey;"7and H
fo«>ma: near rar line; also homes * In •Fruit-
valp; 5 and « rooms. " Anply- to owner and
builder. GEORGE . LYDIKSON, 1561 -Twen-
ty-third av»., Oakland. ¦ . . * . ¦«-
FREE— "Beaut'ifyl BcrkeJey"; ji descriptive
l>r.oklet of Berkeley; free upon request, reitly
about Christmas. Call or address YOUNGS
& BARRY, 2120A Center St., Berkeley; P.
O. box 273; phone Dana 203.
BERICELEY AbyERT'S'M'NTS
HKIIKBLEY REAL ESTATE. .-^
$3850— NOW or never; tor a few days we offer
• a nobby new house of 7 rooms and bath: all
patent plumbing; street work done; house
elegantly tinted; price for few days $3850.
W. J. MORTIMER &' CO..
¦ 2123 Center st;. Berkeley.
. $1250— Going like hot cakes; see that fine
lot in the Whfecler tract: sl2« C0xl20; view is
unsurpassed in California; come and see it. •
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
. - : 2123 Center et., Berkeley. i<
FOUR blocks of ground in Berkeley, Cal., for
$2P.0C0; this is the amount of. Indebtedness
on the property; a good Investment and In »
' section of ' growing values. •
• " Inquire of W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California ¦ street. ' San' Francisco. Cal.
BEEKELEY rXTBiriSHEp BOOMS.
FURNISHED ROOMS, with or without board.
MRS. AUSTIN. 2217 Vine St.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND A-DVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. INC.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
! 1172 BROADWAY, CORNER FOURTEENTH.
EAST OAKLAND HOMES.
'" • $4250 to $1500. ' ' .
Terms • Arranged to Suit Purchaser,
We have remaining 6 first-class homes, situ-
ated within 10 minutes' walk of Fourteenth
and Broadway. These houses are complete in
every detail and we Invite inspection. Let us
show them before you buy your home.
FOR A HOME' OR FOR AN INVESTMENT.
$2000. - . •
A house within 7 blocks of the business cen*
ter; 6- rooms and bath; land alone worth $60 per
foot; rents for $20 per month; 7& per tent net
on $2500! • • ..;.¦..'..- . ' I
A NEW AND MODERN RESIDENCE.
, $5000.
This house Is one of the best built In the city;
hardwood finish downstairs and is fitted with
furnace; 10 minutes' walk to business section.
AN EIGHTH-ST, HOME.
$4150. ;
This Ift'a neat house of. 7 rooms;, new and
modern; has every convenience; close in; must
be sold and id a real bargain.
FINE CORNER. NEAR 23D AVE.
$000 Cash. .. • -.
Here Is an East Oakland corner lot that is
worth $120*); must be sold, for cash this week;
don't miss this; lot 50x101 and the street work
done! ¦ . • ,
ELEVENTH-ST. RESIDENCE.
* $3500. . ' •
This Is In the Lakeside district; close to Oak-
st. station; 7" rooms and bath; rents for $25.
: WOODWARD, WATSON & CO. INC.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
1172 BROADWAY, CORNER FOURTEENTH.
LIST YOUR PROPERTY WITH US IF YOU
WANT QUICK SALES.
FRANK P. LEE.
= 011 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2000 — Fine Investment . In . growing locality,
near Fanta Fe local; 2 modern cottages,
5 rooms, "b'ath and basement each; In
good condition; sunny side of street, be-
.tween Grove St. and Telegraph ave.; now
rented for $30 per month; lot 53x100.
Who lakes, it?
(2750 — Close .in; no car fare; good as new;
cottage, 5 rooms, bath, laundry and
floored basement; extra good plumbing;
lot 30x106; -owner breaking up housekeep-
ing and reduced price to-day from '$2000
for quick sale.
$1750 — Modern cottage, 5 rqpms and ! bath,
basement; sunny side street, between
Broadway and Telegraph; Iot 27:6x120;
street, sewer and cement walks complete;
must and will be sold before January 1.
$5250 — On Blackstone Hill, close to Telegraph
ave. ; almost new; strictly up-to-date; 7
rooms, bath, basement and laundry; right
¦ in town. • - - - * ' . ' . • -
$3000— New colonial 6 rooms; convenient ar-
rangement: everythinf? about it up-to-
date; lot 37:6x100; sunny side of str*et;
c rose 'to new "Key Route"; very easy
. : terms. ¦• •
$3250 — Attractive new 2-story, 7 rooms, den.
reception hall, etc.; lot, 40x150 (note size);
' nice location; near new Santa Fe local.
$2800 — Brand new cottage, 5 rooms; modern; .
best construction; sunny side of street;
near new "Key Route"; lot 37:6x100; part
cash. . -v
$2250— Modern 2-story, 8 rooms; in good condi-
tion: large barn; fruit trees, berries. *tc. ;
lot 50x140: beautifully situated on sunny
side of East Sixteenth st. . .
$2100 — Cozy co.ttagre, .5 rooms, bath: sunny
' side of Eighth ave.; nicely Improved lot,
30x125.
$4250— Corner on Fourteenth St.; 50x100; mod-
ern; 0 rooms; substantially built; In good
condition; house cost $5000: opportunity .
for railroad man with family; owner
, away; needs money, hence sacrifice, i
BUILDING SITES
In all parts of Oakland at lowest prices.
HOMES. HOMES. HOME3.
FRANK P. LEE.
_^ 911 Broadway. Oakland.
$2500 COBT. and- le worth $3000— Thirty-fifth
st.. near San Pablo; only 4 blocks from
Key Route station; thirty minutes from
this house to San Francisco bv Key
Route; only one fare; a modern bay-win-
dow cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment; lot 30x140; two-story barn; gravel
drives; In fact, an ideal home; terms
only $500 cash, balance mortgage; Bee-
ing is believing; call early; must be sold;
no reasonable offer refused. J. S. -
• MYERS, or GEO. W, AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. Oakland.
$3250— Just think of at! Two cottages. 5
. rooms, bath, basement, brick foundation,'
hot and cold ;water, gas;, street work all
complete; lot 50x150; fruit trees, carriage
.driveway; near school, local trains, cars
and business center; present' income $32
per month; owner has gone. East and his
Instructions are to sell; we must cell; we
will sell to the first applicant who will
talk cash and make reasonable offer. J.
S. MYERS.' or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway. Oakland. . .
$5250 — Reduced from' $6500; 'death compels
owner to leave for Los Angeles, and he is
. forced to. sell; location Webster st., near
Nineteenth; only three blocks from the
business .. center, postof flee ¦ and narrow
gauge local; 7 rooms, bath; only occupied
seven months; open lawn, colonial style;
nickel plumbing, plate glass; in fact, an
ideal home; must be sold; see It and
¦ -make offer. J. S. MYERS, or. GEO. W.
' AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway, cor. 11th St., Oakland.'
$4CH) — Good lot, 25x100; on 28th st., near San
Patjlo ave.
$U25 — Fine corner lot. 30x120: ¦ on 38th st.,
near Telegraph ave. ; good location.
$S23 — Fine lot, 33x125; on Edward St., near
Telegraph ave.; street work complete.
$1600— Choice northwest eorner lot, 100x90, on
new ferry line and near *5anta Fe's new depot;
a good buy. ¦ -.-¦-.
$2800 — Good, comfortable house of 7 rooms
and all conveniences; lot 30x100-; near -home of
Mr. F. M. Smith; electric cars pass door.
$2S0O — New, modern house of 7 rooms and all
conveniences; on 3Cth st;;lot 27:6x120; terms
easy. •' - ¦" i •. "¦ ' •
$4000 — On 14th st. ; good, comfortable house of
7 rooms and bath; lot 25x109; cheap.
$15,000 — Fine . business, lot., 50x100; near
Broadway; extra good location.- ; ¦ .-. -
CHICKEN RANCH.
$750 cash, monthly . installments as desired;
well equipped ch.lckeri ranch; cottage of 3
rooms, stable,' shed, chicken houses,' Al
brooding-house, ' brooderies; 2 tiptop incuba-
tors, 230 and 350 capacity; 12 lots, 150x236;
all fenced and cross-fenced;", new, buggy; use
of ¦ horse, farming implements, etc. ; 50 Al
' laying hens: plenty' of excellent- water;
about 30 youns fruit trees; first-class sandy
loam garden soil; away from fogs and harsh
winds;, adjoining Eastv Oakland: near good
-school. and close to main 'boulevard; more
than a good, living is here right now; call
and let. us show you this fine bargain;- price
In all . $1800; - call or send for circular; 455
7th et., opposite- Broadway Station, Oakland-
carriage free. H. Z. - JONES, owner. .
WALTER E. LOGAN & CO., ~ ~~"
• ' -Ills Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$30,000—150x135; Fourteenth ' st. ; a line piece
of business property; Will double within
a year. , -"
$15,000—50x100; Eleventh st. ; goad prospective
' buy. . . '. • . , " -:,. -
$3,C0C— Cost $12,000; 50x150; Webster st. n-ar
Fourteenth: two flats, 7 rooms and bath
" "• :>ach;; griofl ;, attic; ' cement 'basement-
¦i"v rents $60 .month. . .....
WALTETR'E. LOGAN & CO..
.... 1118 Broadway. Oakland.-
$4000 EACH— Two new 7-room houses on East
¦ . KlKhteenth at:, Jiear Seventh ave.,'X?ast Oak-
land; modern in every particular; cement
basement. Iron . fence;, choice 'location;, near
. churches. -schools, car lines and station; rea-
sonable -term?:'.. B, H,- WELCH &¦ CO.,. Fifth
•,^ave. and, ElKhtecntheU Oakland.; , -.'•. j -.-¦
A - FINE,, sunny, home; all "modern and- up-to-
date In every particular: 0 rooms and batn-
in Lakeside district, R blocks from the busi-
ness center of Oakland, 4 blocks from postof-
' flee; must be pold. Call - on ' C. K. MAR-
1 SHALL. 1114 Broadway, Oakland. •
OAKLAND ADV^KTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE. .-
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.. ".' ;
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
"FOR QUICK-SIGHTED BUYERS." :
UNIMPROVED.
$375 — Would be cheap at $G0O; ' fine sightly
lots; good surroundings;, marine • view;
close to. schools, cars, etc.; size 40x120;
.street work complete; half • cash, balance
easy payments.
$700. REMARKABLY LOW PRICE. $700.
. Forty-foot - frontages on Santa Clara ave.,
near Oakland ave., LlnCa- Vlfcta Terrace;
elegant surroundings; Just 7 lets, left;
- terms If desired; will build a home for
you on same; Just like rent, only better
. . proposition.
$1250. ¦ -"'..- 1 * 1230 -
. Cottage of 5 rooms, etc. 1 . newly remodeled;
first-class condition: 30x125; readily rent
for $12 50 per month; half cash, balance
bank mortgage." ' ' .
1C44
$1800. $1800.
An 8-room house; thoroughly remodeled;
high basement; cement floor; heavy brick
foundation; within easy walk to business
center; near Lafayette School; price cut
for quick sale. " .
21-H.^—
$2500. .. I; $2500.
Store and flat' of 5 rooms, et*. ; In first-
class order and condition; In good business
"•'locality; will readily rent for $27 per
month; see this. . .
• 1157
$2750. A BUNGALOW COTTAGE. $2730.
¦ Five rooms; reception ,hall connecting
' parlor and dining-room; cozy window
seats, fine mantel; bookcase and china
closet: gas and electric lighting; open.
! - plumbing; porcelain \ bath; " nickel trim-
mings; medicine chest and 1 every up-to-
date feature for comfort; must be seen to
appreciate Its good value; cloee tp Tele-
graph ave.; lot 37:6x115; see photo and
plans at office.
; M.A.B.
$2800.' JUST COMPLETED. $2800.
New 7-room fcouse; modern; lot 40x133;
north side; elegant view of Berkeley hills
and Golden Gate; close to kev route to
San Francisco and five car lines; terms
,f desired. __ g F t _ •
SNAP
•Very desirable house of 14 rooms and bath;
I modern- on" very fine corner on Fourteenth St.;
including two fine frontages for dfeslrable flats;
! Just ten mlnates' walk to business center or
local trains: set full particulars at offlce.
. . 0«24 .
We will build you a home on very easy terms,
which will surprise you ; get particulars at
our office.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc., .
• - 1060 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
¦', •'¦ " • » _
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
460-402 Eighth st., Oakland. Cal.
$1450^-New, modern cottage; $450 down, $12
• per month; near Frultvale station.
$1S5O— Rents $20— Nice house, 8 rooms; SO feet
frontag-% newly renovated; near Market St.;
close in. ' /
$260*— Two cottages; rents $20; EW. corner;
on car line: street work complete; one cot-
tage alone nearly worth this; near 23d ave.
$2500 — Neat, ; modern cottage, 6 rooms and
I bath; convenient to Center-st. station, ;
I $3100 — New,' modern colonial, 8 rooms and
j bath: lot "37:<5xll5; near 37th st. and Tele-
! graph ave.; easy terms.
$275C — Fine 2-3tory house, containing 8 rooms;
lot 36x105; convenient to Adeline station;
cost $4500.
! 2 ACRES— $2250.
¦ S acres; best, locality North Oakland; fine for
subdividing; owner will build to suit pur-
chaser.
$2300 — Store with 4-room flat above; In busi-
ness " community; in Al condition; rents
$27 60 month. ' - ,
1 \ '
RENT WORKS WHILE YOU SLEEP.
$3350 — Why pay rent? Own a nice home — one
that you will be proud to invite, your guests
to. Get title to It and it -can't. be sold over
your head ; your improvements are. your own.
This beautiful new gothic dwelling, 7 rooms
and bath. ' with every convenience, will be
sold on very easy terms-; near locals and car
lines; street: work/ complete; cement walks
and lawn; must W»- sold.:.:- ¦
LAYMANCE REAl/ : ESTATES CO.,
460-462 «E1jfrrth St.. ".. ...
¦"•/,¦./ ' Oakland.
- •/ A. J. SNYDER. '
Real Estate Broker anfl Dealer,
407 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal. ; •
SPECIAL ! BARGAIN LIST.
$1500 — Twenty-eighth st.. near West; cottage
of 5 rooms' and bath; -lot 23x100.
.$1700^ — Reduced from $1000; 6 rooms and
bath: good cottage; near Oak st. station.
$2000— Near Fifty-eighth and Adeline; 5
rooms and bath; gas .and electric fixtures;
40x125; house only S years old; reduced from
$2,100.
$2100 — A cozy cottage- home on Shatter ave.;
6 rooms and bath; lot 85x100; with fruit trees
and flowers and lawn.
. $2200— Forty-ninth -st.. 2 blocks east of Tel-
egraph- ave. ; new -2- story. «> rooms and bath;
only $400 cash; reduced for Immediate sale.
$2250 — Cherry st.; ftear Forty-ninth; new; 6
rooms and bath; lot 40x140; $450 cath. *
$2300 — Alcatraz " ave.. near Telegraph; new
story-and-a-rmlf house; 5 rooms and bath;
mortgajre of $1700 can remain.
$2300— Cottage; 4 rooms and bath; basement;
new plumbing; lot 37:6x115; reduced from
$2S0O.
1 A.-J. SNYDER,
Real Bfttate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth «.. Oakland, Cal.
i ¦ .
S. M. 'DODGE & SON. ¦>
• ' 11C0 BROADWAY.
HERE ARE MEAGER DESCRIPTIONS OF
SEVERAL PLACES SELECTED FROM OUR
LIST: '
$1700^ — Cottage. R rooms, bath: back porch
Inclosed: lot 27x127: chicken yard, fences and
outbuildings: near Telegraph ave. and new fer-
ry line to San Francisco.' /
$1700 — Near Market st. station; cottage of 5
rooms; lot worth $(J0 per foot for any purpose;
this Is offered at this reduced price to sell It
at once; investigate.
$2C0O— Modern and up to date two-story
house of B rooms and bath; lot 31x100; barn
! and small -chicken house and room for drive-
; way: lawn; cement walks; ¦ vacant now but
would rent for $20 per month on a moment's
notice: can be secured on easy terms.
$1400 — Cozy cottage of 4 largr« roorrw and
bath: high basement; lot 86x110: plenty of sun;
on Echo ave. ; one \ block cast of Piedmont
, school and cars. ¦ ~; . -.. • ¦ ¦" • .
. $3000— A bargain; a well built and comfort-
able 2-ntory house of 7 rooms and bath ; lot
41:6x102; cement walk/ and driveway around
thp house: Willow st.. near Ninth.; near local
train station. . '
$3450 — New 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath- gas and electric lights; lot 50x100; on
Thirty-third st..- near West; near ferry line
station to San . Francisco.
j $1000 — 40x125; northeast corner on Piedmont
ave. ¦
$900 for lot 40x125. adjoining corner; the
new ferry line train will stop near this corner.
S.-M. DODCE & SON.
¦~--v -•¦-'- ¦-. -¦-*'¦* : 'i ' ; ' - - "" litO Broadway.
I : ; : — —
¦ - ' ' ¦ • '¦¦'¦'
READ THIS AD. .
$2500— Cottage. r» rooms, bath and large lot,
40x227 -.with barn and chicken . houses. - etc.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$1475 — Cozy cottape and bath: sunny nlde of
street; easy ., walk to Fourteenth and Broad-
way; easy terms. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118
; Broadway, Oakland. .;.. 'T:~.\ ¦ '¦' ,
5 10 or 15 acres at Frultvale: near cars'; a
snart. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oak-'
land. ' *
GEC. H. VOSE ........ llllS BROADWAY
$37.-)0— 0-roo'm" 2-story house; large attic; gas
. and electricity: all modern throughout;,
good barn; 'lot 4pxl50 feet. ;-f-V-
$2050— fl-room cotta jre 'on Seventeenth 1 st.. only
.100 feet -from San, Pablo ave.; good base-
*-*ment.- .•.¦ i - v ~' ;. "' ¦ ¦' ' " '¦ ""
', $4800— 2 flats with cottage- In rear; monthly
* ~ rents $60; pays 12.8 per cent per annum
.net. . •_ :
$1150 ONLY- for a cottage 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
i ln;Ea«?t Oakland.' P./C. LASSEN & CO., 40C
Oakland, Cal. , , .
BARGAIN— H50O; elegant colonial 8-room, up-
to-date house;:10 blocks from Key Route; 250
: feet-from Telegraph, ave. 512 Thirtieth ¦ st.,-
; Oakland. . - / " ' .
FOR sale" in Golden .Gate— Large -- lot with
-house;,! minute's walkifrom station; $1SCO;
I ;no -agents. 'Box 4805, Call. ¦ , -, : y : ¦ .
! BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots. . lnclud-
- Ing : all . kinds ' of. flowers and: shrubbery; - will
build to suit. Box 854, \ Call ; office. \ Oakland*
' *\ ¦'"-'¦
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL T.OW RATE 30 DATS ONLT—
M.- ELLA HARRIS. - ,
T>> all whom I have made prices to sine*
Jan. 1. 1903. & for the ensntrag 30 days only.
I win mak* a liberal reduction from all
Frii-e» for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been .on exhibition la
the drug store windows may be 'ten at my
offlce this week from 10 to 5. In ord«r to ac-
commodate tho«e who have requested to ex-
amine tne face ccore thoroughly la private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
751 CFarrell st.. near Larkln. Call cr writ*
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAJC^ aIseTsUIT HOUSE.
Young ladles •steadily employed can hav»
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs an* tai!or-mad»
suits to order, on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked price*. . Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 7.(52
PR £ F -:o£ RATT ' wonderful healer— ELECTRIC
BRLSH massage treatment; only cure for
HEART. NERVES. RHEUMATISM; all
weaknesses. O1ALE, PE-MALE. 21 Grant
ave. ; hours 10 to 12. 2 to 4; phone Black 3133.
THE Star H.air Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops railing, cure, dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sca!p;at druggists', hairdressers': ao-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
LADIES' perfection seamless rubber gloves
keep the hand9 smooth, soft and white whil«
doinar hou»3worU; postpaid $1 25: send size of *
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co.. box 37.
' Lima. Ohio.
A — COME and let our doctors give- you free*
examination .and advice: you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1^00 Mission St.. cor. 11th.
MAN'S Best Friend— Dr. Mutter's Quick Cur©
for lost manhood; acts Immediately; "It does
the business"; sample free. Kraigco." Chem-
ist Dept. 204. Milwaukee. Wls.
NOT bow cheap but bow rood la the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the cewtng-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit.- Call or
address Centra: Pharmacy. 231 Cjmnt are..
ccrner Sutter at.; tea moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove- russ. silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twin- in bank or chain at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
A REFINED widow, 20. wishes the acquaint-
ance of a gentleman- of means: object, mat-
rlmony. Address box 372a. Call offlce.
GENTLEMAN with means would Ilk* to meet
unlncumbered German lady 1 about 3O; object.
matrimony. Box 3799. Call.
A FORTUNE easily made; s^nd fcr "Maglo
Money Maker." free. 'Hie Adiramied Com-
pany. South Haven, Mich.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1K39 Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days cr no charges":
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. «07 Mar-
ket St.. room 203: phone South 751.
AT lets than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYON3*. London
Taller. 721 Market st
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents'
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. nr.
Pth: Prof. Foster: scciety dancing taught.
APPROPRIATE for holiday greetings— Your
picture on a postal card, ;{ for 2.V: sur.shlns
unnecessary. L. & B. Studio. 759 Market st.
BED- WETTING cured, any age; packajen of
Pen-lne. direction* and booklet free. MIs-
sonrl Remedy Co., Dept. 604. St. Louis. Mo.
"HELLO, Blir; where la the "Pinto?" Ad-
dress box S8O, Call offlce. Oakland.
MANUSCRIPTS reorganized, revised or critl-
Cl2ed. C. DIXON. 2517^ Castro at.. S. F.
FINE genuine diamonds. watches.Jewelry cheap-
«r than anywhere. A. A. Rltter. 23T Kearny.
MASQUERADE cp«»»^^i». play book*. wl*s;
country orders. GOLDSTKIN A CO.. 733 Mkt. .
.SUITS to crder on Installments. $1 per week.
Nenhans & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec
trie neelle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse.. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO: dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bosn and Dupont.
ALFRED UM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to tt» natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ¦ opered at tOOS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Ooen until 11 r. m.
TYPEWR1TKR3 A5TIJJJCJPPL.IE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters-- at
-higher and lower prices; rentals $3 5'>. Th«
Typewriter Exchange, ,T:w California st,
A FEW good typewriters at $3O each; get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gcinery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired!
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5C3 Market.
CATARRH, rsEAFjGESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat.
mrot£ft*. Dr. Ccttlneham. 204 Sutter st.
% SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chichester'a English PennyroyTl^PUli
are best; sate, reliable; take no other. Send Jo
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladle* 1 *
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Va.
yKOPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
"¦ ' '¦ "' ''" ' ——— ' '-i\. ¦
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE IIAR-
bor Commissioners. Union Uepot and Kerry
House. San Francisco. • Caliiornla. Novem-
ber 16. 19U3. - -
Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this otftce at ur prior to 2:13 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. December Zi. l'Jtt*. for th«
construction of a section uf seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King and* Channel streets on the water
front of trte City and County of San Vran-
cisco. in accordance with the plans and
specifications 'prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of tne Uuarcl and adopted by ta»
Board August 27. IMS, and on file In this
office, to which special reference la hereby
made. The work to be dono under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with end embankment*
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall «nd end embankments will contain
about dO.OOO tons of stone: the. wharf will
conuln 2CS.CC0 square feet of .wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from- the Intersection of the northerly^
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
wttr-. the wnter front line, six hundred <eOO>
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion ot th« seawall and end embankments
will consist ot stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air. -
Two classes ot stone will be recognized.
Thi* first class will include stone of one or
more cubic. feet in fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will -be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be free*
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will Include stone - of less
than one cubic foot. In ¦ assorted sizes, but
bo stone less than five pounds will be* ac-
cepted at- the auarry.;-'.
The materials for the construction of. th«
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained. Douglas
yellow flr piles and yelJow fir. lumber (mer-
chantable Quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts salkes. etc.. all of the best quality
and subject to a rljttd examination.
No bid will be received unless it la made,
en » blank form furnished trom this otflc*
and is accompanied by a certified check for
live per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable- to the order of the Secre-
tary of the Board, as a guarantee on - th»
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six <6) days after the acceptance- of
the bid enter ( ntr» a written contract to do>
said work, according to the- plans and speci-
fications prepared therefor, and will also .
execute and flSe-"wltn this Board a bond la
such sum a* the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to oe approved by
the. Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such corrtracr; nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to tho
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or Drior to
2-15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday. December
23 11)03, at which time and place taa bids
will be evened.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids If deemed for tha bes( interest of
Bidders are invited to bo m-esent at the open-
ing of the bids,
ing ui CHAS. II. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPA TRICK.
.-;; :\\-J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board ot State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. 7 NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Sacretary.
PROPOSALS for railroad construction bld» will
be received -until 12 o'clock noon." Jan. 2.
10O4. at the. of flee of Tonopah Mining Com-
pany Butler postofflce, Nev.. for the con-
struction of th« Tonopah railroad from
Rhodes Nev., to Tonopah, Nev.. distance ap-
proximately sixty miles; plans, specifications;
profile, etc.. can.be seen at the office- of the
¦ chief engineer at Tonopah.
For - Additional Classified iIiThUIm
gSf| ments See Page 44.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1903.
44
* " »*** RIT ' i » A1 ' ISM -.' .; - ' '-
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychio for slate-
¦ writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
'1112 Eddy *t.. nr. Octavla^ phone Soott 8?7.
A— ETHEL cniNDLE— Materializing seance
Sunday eve., 60c. 32S Ellis St.. 8 o'clock.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: seance* Sunday and Thursday.
1 C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
at 8 o'clock, *1. 1084 Bush st.
CLAIItVOYAVrS.
A— PAUL ITESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In Ban Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honesty Proposition.
No Charge. ' No Charg«
Unless you obtain the information for which
' ..--•. . you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and. what you called for; I promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; In
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated. . restore lost Affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, ra-
1 store loot energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sun. 2-0.
320 O'Farrell St.; low fee this week— $1, $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, . THE. FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner !
bldg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
' accurate description of the past, reveals the
\ present . happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, :
discontented or not satisfied with life,' or have
domestic, love .or business troubles, . consult
this great medium and you will be told how
-. to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
j teed; readings by mall. Tel. Blck 4569.
A LIVORNO.
The World-Renowned Palmist
-And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny St.. over Hammersmith & Field's;
eee portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at tn-
trance; 3 questions by mall. SI. Send month
and year ¦ of birth.
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS. 413 Post st.
THE -WORLD'S GREATEST MEDIUM.
THE
. , ' INNER '. " . .
MIND.
MENTAL SUGGESTION-
AND NEW THOUGHT TAUGHT..
Business sittings Dally. Circle to-night at 8.
10c 10c 10c
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers: yyur past,
present and future an open book; and they
tell it truly; no fairy tales, no faking; come
and see them. " --
285 Geary St., near Powell. ,
10c 10c 10c
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cpr. Turk: private readings dally,- 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year !
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce, 1
' .Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA. wonderful "trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab- ]
sence. 400 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clatr- !
voyant, card - reader: when others fall try mi-;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr.,G. G. ave
MME. CARROL, 012 McAllister st.— Car4 and
planet reader In English and German; trum-
pet circles Sunday evenings.
A — Mme.- Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; "5c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23 Vi 6th; la. 25c, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26>4 Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c, gents 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, removed to 119 Larkin, room 18.
i gives names, dates and facts. Hours 11 to9pTn. j
MME. MARCEAU. card reader; ladles. 25c;
gents. 50c; hours. 1 to 9. 545 Minna st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names: L. 50c;G.$l. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit- j
tln/n» daily. 448 H Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent— $11; : cottage of 6 rooms. 136
Parker ave. ¦¦ . t
CUBES KTJPTUBI3.
WHO DOES IT ? HUNTER, 1206 Market st_
Send for circular. Why will you suffer T i
" SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 8. i<*)2.
Mr. A. Hunter, j
Dear Sir: For ten years I havevbeen af-
- flicted with scrotal rupture. ' I used all kinds
of trusses; some recommended the knife, oth-
ers the needle. Your rupture holder gives:
perfect satisfaction. My health is better than
it has been for years. Yours truly,
DIEDRICH BENECKE,
- - ¦ 2005 Mission st., S. F.«
DEXTISTS. - .
D^C~G~RUSSr~504-5-« Callag^a^^ToiTrrMaxlcet
and McAllister sts.. uses the Bastard* Obtun-
. d«r. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and . excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. , .-'.-¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting . when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The \7halebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 60: ¦ fillings. 00c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. . 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. isurgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewlit.*?04 Sutter.
dressmakers and seamstresses
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
Special to pupils entering this week.
Cutter and fitter wanted for Reno, Nev. •
Imported patterns. Evenlns class.
1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 11V> Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns rut to measure :eve.cla»«. 1<W* Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.^^^^J^_ „
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the
first of the year to its new home, SOO-8-3 .
Golden Gate ave., occupying 18,000 square!
feet the entire top floor of the new and spe-
dally fitted building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co., delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every modern Idea ; looking to
the health, comfort and best advancement of
our students will be Incorporated. All de-
partmentH are to be reorganized and refur-
nished throughout. When occupied it will be
the largest, tinest an,d most complete business
collrge west of Chicago. - -
Write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, telling all about our. special 25 per
cent ¦ removal discount rates. • ..;¦ .
Address 300 Larkin st. for the present.
METROPOLITAN BUSINESS COLLEGE. R.
H. j Webster, ex-Supt. — Day, evenirg; . posi-
tions . bookkeeping, shorthand secured:
' typing machines (home use free): high school
preparatory, grammar pupils brought up • to I
grade ;• call;- write : for circular with list pa- I
' trons." 4irJ Van Nees ave. '/ '•"" " " :..— ",v;
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
r. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch - typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue, f re*.
A YRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
. ket St.; special summer, course .lrr all depart-
-.'•nients: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. J50; day and evening sessions.-"; ' *
CALIFORNIA Business College, 3C5 Larkln st.
*'A thorough echool" : ,. position* , secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue. -
HINMAN'S 'Academy; a thorough school ot
dancing; established 20 years. . 1412 Polk st.'.
¦ between Pine ar.d California; both adult . and
'children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited, preparatory school
>for the university, lay and medical, colleges;
"rcf.. President Jordan or any Stanford profe«-
; > sor: day and evening sessions. 1 3 Phelan' Did*.
THE - PAUL GERSON School of * Acting. ¦ tho
foremost institution of the kind, in th« entire
¦', West : 12 teachers ; ' send for . catalogue. *. . Na-
;.'tl7eSons'.bldc.. 414 Mason et..\,'
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Po»7
: st.,*S. F. ; -a. practical echool ',ot< engineering;
' : * corapletn equlDment. V Special catalogue tree.
"WANTED— Scholars; piano; competent' teacher.
-.003 >$ 'Guerrero «t.; , ..: , r..' v_. «*..."> .' -
DANCING '; Tuesday,' Thursday,-* Saturday, 'Sun-
- < dayjevgs.'.' Teutonla Hall. : Howard st.,., nr.
' ;- Oth.' 5 Frofj* Foster: , society- dancing 'taught.'
A— SAN • FRANCISCO * Business * CollegeM23«
Market st. — Practical, • progressives-reliable;
.' day and evening sessions; write tor catalogue.,'
ENGINEERING — Civil* elec.mln..* mech.v sur-
•''¦ vey.: assay,' cyanide; day, ev. ; j e»t. 1864. =>Van
.-,' der r Nalllen ; School.-,113 J Fulton." nr. City; Hall. •
BANJO. '- mandolin, /guitar; ¦¦ 2 "• hours" 50c. 317
Gough st.; near. Hayes. , ¦ ¦" ',
E3I PLOVMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wants to do washing at home. S04
Ellsworth tt^
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman would
like position as .working housekeeper; city or
country 226"4 Birch ave., between Grove
and Fulton sta.
MIDDLE-AGED refined widow wishes .0 r*ir
from 1 to t> p. m. : compensate for roota an«l
beard. Box 484S. Call office.
COMPETENT nurse would Ilk- a faw more pa-
tients or care of invalid. 517 Ninth rt.. Oak.
land.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office; cor. Duncan * Churca »t».
WANT ad» and subscriptions taken for Th»
Cairat Eaton'a Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
E3IPLOYME.>T WANTED— MALE.
MARRIED man with little child wculi Ilk*
work where wife could be employed where
respectable and permanent people would be
appreciated. Box 31c.;. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man -wants work on a
small ranch or as man about place; strictly
reliable and trustworthy. Address box 3ia».
Call office.
HONEST Japanese boy wanta position *s
schoolboy; speak3 English. Address I. HAF-
HILOTO, S07 Polk st.. Japanese Mission;
phone Polk 2812. .
YOUNG man. neat and honest. 10 years* ex-
perience In stcre work, would like any kind
of situation. Box 3795. Call.
YOUNO man experienced In butcher business
would like Dositlon to drive wagon or la
•hop, city or country. Box 4849 Call office.
A MAN of invincible tenacity would like a po-
sition as watchman. Address KAMP LIBRA
GENIUS. 610 Octavla st. _^
EXPERIENCED Janitor desires situation to
assume charge of large office building.
S. F. M., 24 Eighth st. g
WANTED— Situation as draughtsman or super-
intendent in a cut stone yard; 15 years" .ex-
perience. Address box 4781, Call. V
EXPERIENCED man would Ilk* position Of
any kind about electric power station;
country or city. Box 3763. Call.
A BOY wants a morning: paper route en
horseback; South San Francisco and Fotrero.
Box 4374. Call office. /
WOULD like to get a position of any kind that
is legitimate: have a typewriter and busl*2es«
school education. Box 2952. Call office.
MARRIED, sober and reliable man would like
employment on cattla stock ranch. Box 3162.
1 Call oftlce. ¦
WANTED— By an experienced, younr colored
man, a position as porter or Janitor; best 01
reference. Box 3747. Call. . ¦
YOUNG man wants work at once as man
about place, butler or valet; Al reference.
Box 37C4. Call. '.
WANTED— By reliable man of 40. position ai
night watchman: good references. Address
box 4S75. Call office. . ;
ENERGETIC young man would do household
duties at private residence In exchange for
room or room and board. Box 3164. Call.
BRIGHT boy (15 to 17 years of, age) wishes
position after ' school and Saturday; beat
references. Box 37SS. CaU office. •
A MAN (30), from East Canada.' -wishes ta
work on a small ranch or arcund a place.
Box 4854, Call. -
A CAPABLE . man wishes to work la liquor
store, either tend fcar or deliver. A. D.. 203
Ellis st.
A RELIABLE, handy man of 34, good haMts,
wants office or other Indoor work; wages
$150. Box 3171. Call office.
TANNER and currier would like a steady po-
sition as foreman: Is married man. Box
3771, Call office. . ¦ _
COLORED man wishes work of any kind:
handy around place In general, or Janitor
work; best of references. Box 2308. Call. ..-
STRONG boy wants a situation. 54 Sacra-
mento St.; call Sunday.
MASSAGE giving: male nurse wants a posi-
tion: hospital exoerienc*. Box 4376, Call.
ADVERTISING solicitor— Al man; highest ref-
erences. Box S767. Call. .'
WANTED— Pcsitlon as hostler in stable. 33
De Long ave.
CARPENTER wants work. 1147 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted as first-class painter. Box
3756, Call office.
WANTED — Copylns at home. Address bor
375$. Call office.
WANTED— Situation" as driver. Call at 732
Broadway.
AN old man wants position as dishwasher in
restaurant: wages no object. Box 3760. Call.
BOY wants work on Saturday. Box 3138. Call.
! MILLWRIGHT wishes position en stamp mill.
I Address W. W.. 5C8 Bryant St., S. F. • -
ELDERLY man wishes position as bartender;
good references; German. Box 4S07. Call.
MARRIED man wants position as foreman oa
stock ranch. Box 4802, Call offlce.-- ¦
YOUNG man. handy with tools, would like po-
sition of some kind. Box 2100, Call office.
I WANTED — Position as electrical engineer, fac-
tory cr power station. Box 48S0, Call office.
BARTENDER, first-class mixer, best of refer-
ences, is open for position. Box 3165, Call. .
POSITION wanted by a bright colored r y ouar
man. Box 4SC3. Call.
YOUNG man would like to get a position as
a janitor. Box 3160. Call office.
MAN handy with toots wants situation. Ad-
dress box 303. P. O.. Berkeley.
A BOY wants position. Apply at 15O Sixth
street.
YOUNG man wishes position as cashier or
clerk. 930 Hayes st.
ENGINEER — Statlqnary steam engineer, also
is an electrician; am strictly temperate; have
had charge of an electric light stationary
plant for the oast two years: have also had
experience with gas engines and In machine
nhop and am In position to do general repair-
ing: have all tools: am a married man 37
years old and with good habits: desire a po-
sition in city or country. Boxn 4S47 Call.
MAN and wife wish situations; wife ean do
light housework, man can do any kind ot
work. 1320 Railroad ave.. South -San Fran-
cisco.^ ' -
WANTED— Engineer's position by an experl-
enced engineer and machinist holding a L. S.
Inspector's license. J. H. WILLIAMS. 204
San Jose ave., phone Capp 266S.
PAINTER, paper hanger, good tinter and plas-
terer: works very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP.
434 Fulton st.. tel. Page 1421. _^
A PRUNER want* work, orchard. Tines, plant-
ing, grafting; flrst-clase work. O. H.. 613
Mission st. ¦
WANTED— By a man of 30, work of any kind
In suburbs or country; $15 a month and,
found. Box 4S6S, Call office.
YOUNG man, good worker, wishes place In
gentleman's stable; can milk: wages no ob-
Ject; references. Box 4S61. Call office. .
SITUATION wanted by boy 15 years old; ref-
erences furnished. Apply 19 Oak Grove ave.
and carriage painter, handy man with
tools, wants work. Box 4867, CaU office.
AN energetic man. with knowledge of four
languages — English, Spanish. French and
Italian — desires a position with some busi-
ness firm or corporation; to foreign country
" preferred — Central America. Cuba or Phil-
ippine Islands. " Box 37iS. Call. .
A HANDY man would like a situation around
1 a private residence :*used to care of horses;
i city or country: more for a home tha" wagss.
P. B.. CS Hermann st.
ACCOUNTANT would keep books for sma'.t
concern during leisure hours. Address box
4S57, Call office. ¦ _
BARBER desires a position for evenings and
Saturday (Sunday). 1410 Larkin st.. near
California. Call before » a. m.. between S
and 4:39 and after S:M P- m.. except Sunday.
POSITION , wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
reference. S. P.. «7 _ Ninth at.
YOUNG man experienced In butcher business
would like position to drlv * T*f? n .2* n
shop, city or country. Box 4549 Call office.
WANTED— Situation as si/erlntfdent or
draftsman with an architect or contractor.
Chicago experience. Box 4S3o. call.
STEADY, sober man. 25. Just from back East
i Canada, wtjh?* to work in a creamery to
I learn butter- making. Box 4343. Call.
' HANDY man familiar with gasoline steam en-
gine, care of horses, etc. Box 3153. call.
W \NTED— Pcsitlon by » registered pharma-
cist. Box 3170. Call. _j^
EXPERIENCED Janitor wishes cctttion; no
children: understands engine and boilers.
Box -21 W>. Call office. ¦ " : _
WANTED— Situation in San FrancUco whole-
sale grocery house by young man with Pu*'»t
; Sound references.- Addrcsa box 3.45. CaU.
WANTED— By an experienced young colored
. man. a position as porter or Janitor; best ot
. '. reference. Box 3747. Call.
FOREMAN en 1 ranch and also a good blacfc-
• smith wants a position. Box 3719. CaU-*
LODGING/ HOUSES- FOR BALE Con.
Established 18 -V ea , r fJ
We will sell any housel
MARION en' the Installment pan.)
GRIFFIN. Business - Is • — Boon V ln ,?:]
Call, write • er ."¦¦ phone _ us]
for big free list pf hou. s f«J
• Title abstract furnished free. 1
. [Room 40tf. "Kxamlner" Building.] u
Phone Black 0C07. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d tuid Market sts.. San Francisco.
TO LET, elegantly furnished C-room flat.
¦ HERE'S your chance! Big transient house,
heavily mortgaged i. must be sold at once; will
clear 1600 month If rightly managed.
OVER $300 profit monthly; 53 rooms; nice
corner; clean as a new pin. .
' GOLDEN GATE! ave • 20 rooms: house built
ono year: ago;- mahogany and oak furniture;
heavy Brussels carpets; income $111 over rent.
' ONE floor j 24 .rooms, centrally located ; rent
$80; bank book shows 1100 month profit last 12
months; price $1200; an Impending wedding.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished; CO rooms: house
well known throughout the Btate; elevator;
clears $300 month; $CC0O; H cash; 4-year
lease; exact book accounts are kept.
HOUSE of 40 rooms, 4 -blocks, of Market;
price $3000; building and furniture 1 year old.
CENTER of city 17 large, outside, sunny
rooms; rent $60; monthly Income $154.
NEW, beautiful brick building of 140 rooms:
electric elevator: electric lights; splendidly ap-
pointed; magnificently furnished in quarter-
Eawed oak and blrd'e-eye maple. * - /
• TRANSIENT house of 23 roomt, clearing
$125 month; reduced from $2400 to $1700; %
down and monthly Installments; rent $100.
NEW house gorgeously furnished In velvet
and bird's-eye maple; 37 rooms; 5-year lease;
clears $175 month; for sale on easy: terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 rooms, north of Mar-
ket, to exchange for a flat; better come early.
NEAR Hyde st.: *i2 rooms, $600; dears $40
month; housekeeping^ sunny «lde of street, t
HOTEL— 83 rooms;- oak and cherry furni-
ture: big. business; big bar trade: solid mahog-
any bar; price $6500;- long established house.
H. C. DECKER, ' .
H. C. DECKER Phone John 631.
H. C. DECKER.'
906 MARKET ST. 806 MARKET ST.
OVER 27 SELLING HOUSES IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms; north of Market st $1400
> ¦*¦ ONLY $000 CASH REQUIRED.
8 rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts. $500
25 rooms; one floor; rent $70 .."....$1550
21 rooms; electric lighted; rent $50...... $850
.¦ .ONLY $350 CASH REQUIRED.
22-ROOM HOUSE- NEAR. POWELL AND
O'FARRELL.
LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE..
ROOMS ALL LIGHT AND
SUNNY: CLEARS ?150 ••¦ $2500
32 ROOM HOUSE ON 2 PROMINENT STS.;
CLEARS OVER $300 PER MONTH... STO0O
57-room house; near Palace Hotel ..$2000
40-room house; near Mission and Second. .$1000
31-room house; grand bargain.. $1500
3(5-room boarding-house: clears $300 $4500
Hotel and bar; 60 rooms.. /. $WX*>
fi rooms; must sell; only $10O
7 rooms; a snap... $75
12 rooms: Pine and Hyde sts.: a beauty.. *650
17 rooms; O'Farrell st.: see It $800
20 rooms; north of Market-st.; rent $60. .$1150
11 rooms; rent only $35 o!M
12 rooms; Mason St.: snap ;* 4 5°
22 rooms; rent $50; money-maker $1500
100-room corner house $7.>fO I
160-room apartmant house Sis.ooo
,110-ROOM HOTEL * 12 ,92? '
fi rooms and bath; uor>er flat. . ..¦ $j25 I
00- ROOM HOUSE; MUST SELL: SMALL
AMOUNT CASH: EASY PAYMENTS: .,
, SURE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTH.$3500
$100,000 TO LOAN ON* FURNITURE.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market sL
DECKER WILL SjT^OV^ g^j
DECKEm.WILL^ELLJO^ A, gjgK«?.
DECKER WILL LOAN TOT ££ jggj*-
TO BUY.' SELL OR EXCHANGE SEE
DECKER. 006 MARKET ST.. cor. Stockton.
C. E. HINKLEY. C. E. HINKLEY.
Phone Mint 796.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth st. _
Our guarantee, satisfaction to all. Former
patrons my best references. Clear titles. Easy
terme. Square dealings. • ¦¦ . - ¦
SUNNY corner, 21 rooms: clears $75: % block
from Market st. : speculation at $900. HINK-
LEY. 1020 Market st. * •
MONEY-MAKER— 60 rooms; liquor license:
clears '$400; 2 entrances: transient; oak and
maple furniture; a gift at $2750. HINKLEY,
1020 Market, st. .
SNAP — 10-room modern flat;, rent $40; a prize
at $150. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
PROFITABLE rooming-house. 22- rooms: 3
years*, leaee; clears $87 60; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door; present owner conducted
house 9 years; a good Investment. HINK-
LEY, 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL— 85 rooms; $1000 "cash, balance 1
per cent: newly furnished: price $oOOO; this
is a grand opportunity to secure a^good pay-
ing house on easy terms. HINKLEY, 1020
Market st. __V _
EXQUISITE furnishings; 50 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance; lease;
clears $200: liberal terms; a little gem; see
this. HINKLEY. 1C20 Market st.
SPECULATION— 12 rooms. Golden Gate ave.;
$40; price $550. HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
MODERN— 120 rooms; rent- lees than $5 a
room: up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nished: books open: clears $3o0 to $400
monthly: price $6000: rtert cash, balance easy
terms. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
SUNNY corner; IS rooms: nexvly' renovated 1;
clears $100; see this. HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
WORKINGMEN'S house: 20 rooms; one floor;
electric lights; rent $40; amazingly low prlc?,
$650. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A CAMERON & CO., J Phone 1050.
3 Edly st.. cor.- Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, . hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r. ; near Market; lease; $600 > down . .$2250
60 r.; rent $::00; Market: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r.: Van Ness; rent $22 50: home.. ¦••• 2>"»
20 r.; new mod., elegantly furnished.. -500
11 r.; rent $GC; new; fine fur.; clears $47 R50
9r.; Ellis; rent $.'{5; fine home; snap... 550
KS r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400.. SoOO
80 r.rrent §95; good fur.; clears $100.. 2<>00
12 r.; rer.t $40; close In; well furnished.. 600
8 r.; up. fiat: everything mod.; departure (50
3 r.: rent $20; cor. flat; Leav.: snap.... 2.0
20 r.; new house; furniture: clears $S0. 2500
8 r.: rents $50; modern; finely furnished 500
22 r.; rent $80; lease; clears $100...:.. 1700
11 r.; Eddy; rent $50;well fur. -.clears $38
31 r.- fine: downtown; makes big money 3200
8 r.; rent $42: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r; rent $75; oak fur.: good carpets.. 000
12 r.; close In: well furnished ;> bargain. 1100
17 r.; downtown: always full; clears $115-1600
8 r. : clo.«e In: golden oak: moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost- $1500; In--
¦come $6S;-snap... CCO
7 r.; rent $40; middled flat: oak fur.... 350
21. r.; rent ?35;well fur.;lease;clears $100 1700
14 r.; cheap rent; good fur. ;, snap.. .... 900,
11 r.; rent $40; newly renov.;' clear $43.,. 500
17 r. ; central; Post; part cash........ "1100
44 r.4 rent $44; big money-maker . . 30Cft.
25 r.r rent $70: oak fur. : leaving city... 1350
GO r.; new, mod. building; elegantly fur. ;
central; long lease;must be sold; offer :
wanted ............................ ..v
10 r.; mod. flat; elegant fur.; clears $54;'
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
city . ......... ....'... :..
Or.; flat; rer.t $40; mod.; clears $45;
departure ¦.:..;.. v .': .. ....'..: :'. .: 450
¦ : I
SPLENDID. : quiet, eminently respectable little j
, house: near tnenters. restaurants and the re- I
tail shopping -district: -5 'minutes' -walk to
Kearny st. ; clears $f>5;, clean, complete, com-
I fortable;>an honest bargain; sold «:n account
of departure.* MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Ex-
amlner.i. building. • . :• ¦¦ - -
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
- elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and ' first-class patron-
cge.: Bee R.- G. WILKE. -SflH Kearny it,
FOR-'. sale — Modern" 8-room"- flat: central; two
; months furnished;; S3C0 ./down, balance $25'
¦ per month; ¦ obllged-to leave ' city; snap.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy Kt. '
-^ A -^^,^?!. : -J?!' : - ATiyc . :**?. P- 1^^^ 1 -^ 0 *
AIK compressed. Vdry;i. tee- cold, ' Is now univer-
sally used ¦ in sinltary cleaning carpeta. on
-floor,, without: removal or Injury; prices niod-
:.. «rate. Apply a. . F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.; Call, bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN; you 'become" disgusted "with your, work
eejid for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
-1- * "^orks 385-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY; Hopke'Bros. ;'• carpet beating :; mattresses
made over. 1432 - Howard ; \ tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISOQ'Har-'
- risen tt.: Al . cleaning; 3c; tel.s Mission 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
-tel. Main 394/ GEO; .WALCOM & CO.. Props.
J RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating. works: pricn
rea»onab1e. 1703 Harrison at. ; tel. Mission 2eq.
CONKLIN'S', Superior, ¦'¦ Carpet-beating Works.
¦ 833 Holden Gate ave. : telenhonc East'12fl.-
_/ >0KEOIT CIiOTHIEBS.
cf. adams co. : , V : '¦'..; T'"' "7" 1 '--"'".- 'r'-'-
1 > -SPECIAL; CREDIT 'STORE.
' «e .clctheithe' whole famll/ from hats to
*boes;: everything up to date 'at 'cash prices.
Credit for, all. -¦ 318 Mascn; st. - - . ¦ .^ ;•¦;;, <
BUY. your -suits and : overcoats ! at ; LICHTEN-
j STEIN 1 BROS.; 25 * Stockton 3 st.r- on small
weekly, payments; goods j delivered « on first
vCaymenr- ¦•• ¦ . • .; A
EDUCATIONAL-— Contlnned.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Earatoga Hall. 840 Geary St.; call 2 to 5.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTTNGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
PIANO lessons In exchange work evenings. R.
Q. ORAMMAR, 818 CFarrell st.
WANTED — Scholars on piano; thorough
teacher. !>03Vj Guerrero st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1U24 Mission, nr. «tn.
ARE you satisfied with your muelc teacher? If
not, we can please you; we have the best on
• the Pacific Coast; both vocal and lnstrumen-
. tal. Room 218. Btarr King bldg.. 121 Geary.
THE Jenne-Morrow-Long College of Voice and
Action; highest . standards in every depart-
ment; In touch with best companies and
leading stars; pcsitlon guarantd. 2152 Sutter.
LAWSON-KIXp-KENNY Dramatic School;
singing, acting, elocution, piano; evening les-
sons. r.Ti; Sutter. bet. Powell and Mascn;
tel. Red C5S3.
LEARN shorthand, typing and bookkeeping at
the modern equipped Merrill-Miller College.
b55 Market st.; 200 graduates placed in po-
sitions In 1902.
A— ENGLISH School of Elocution and Music;
moderate tencs; European teachers. 816 Turk.
A— MISS BOLTE'S School. 2734 Pine at.—
Board; English. French, German, music; $30
month; coach.
A PRIVATE school and kindergarten, 225
Scott St.; French, dancing; coach; $4; with
board. $20.
AN experienced teacher gives violin lettans;
terms reasonable. Studio. 305 Larkln st..
room 01.
DANCING— Anderson's Academy, 840 Geary;
hours 1 to 5 daily; classes Monday and Wed-
nesday eve.nings 1 .
: . ¦
DANCING, ballroom and stage, taught: classes
on Monday and Friday evenlnss. IRVINE.
; 421 Post St.- / . '
PROF. W. H. LIPSCOMBE, 313 Leavenworth
st. — Piano, harmony, etc; reception 10 till
11 a. m. .-¦; » ¦->
SPANISH — Fascinating method: my fourth suc-
cessful year of teaching. PROF. MAYA, 427
Sutter st. . .'/-'.»'*.*
A CHANCE to learn the piano; 23c a lesson.
MRS. H. ROBINSON. 1324 Eddy st. *-fUj
PIANO conservatory method; lessons and dally
practice at studio; $6 per month. 1308 Ellis.
BARBER trade taught In 1 month; new meth-
od. Add. R. M- 111 St. Anns bldg.. 6 Eddy.
BANJO, mandolin, guitar; 2 hours, BOc 317
Gough St., near Hayes. ¦ • '" ; ;-
ENGLISH actrets coaches for stage; $5 month
during 100ii. A., Substation 29.
PIANO lessons. 25c; rapid, • practical method.
MRS. TOBIAS. 1425 Ellis St. ,".;.
PROF. BAKER'S boxins school open evenings;
$5 for 12 lessons. 121 Sixth gt. -..;•?
SCHOOL of drawing, painting, designing, etc.
H. W. WATSON. Y. M. C. A. building.
STAGE Jigs, hornpipes, skirt, ballroom, lessons
50c; private. W. HOIG. 2S Mary St..
STENOGRAPHY and typewriting; Pitman sys-
tem; Individual Instruction S5. 1317 Folsom.
WHISTLING lessons. M. GERTRUDE JUDD.
7S5 Geary st. ; nhone Hyde 933.
YOUNG men deslrinsr an education at small
cost should call at 41 Fulton st.
KENT LAW SCHOOL— Always open, day and
night. 536 Parrot bldg. (Emporium).
>^ w^^^f|MPLOYMECT^FFICBS.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 41S
Stockton; tel. Grant 1£S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- .
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S183.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleanlng Co. TeL
James 1651. 260^ Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Offlce-^BesX help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell: 'tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH cook with good references wants
a place at $30 a month : Is capable, young
and strong. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S
Employment Bureau. 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
AN English Infant's nurse (young) with six
years' references wants place to take entire
1 charge of an infant. Address English Nurse.
care MISS PLUNKETT'S Registry. 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.- .;<'¦-'¦'
A • FIRST-CLASS cook, no washing-, no house- |
work; long experience; personal references |
• from leading city families; $35 to $40. The j
Domestic Club, 2J3 Geary St., room 3B; phone
. Bush 654. ' - ~
DRESSMAKER and coat and suit maker, cut-
ter ; and fitter; only first-class work done;
suits made at home; few more engagements
per day. E. C. BARSS. 64 Webster st.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements; sur-
gical or confinements; references; reasonable;
careful; economical. Call or address MRS.
MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
f A GOOD plain cock wants a place In a private
family to do cooking or cooking and down-
stairs work. Call Sunday and Monday fore-
noon. at 2417 Clay st.
i REFINED young • lady wishes . position as
lady's maid; experienced in hairdresslnff and
manicuring; country preferred. W. A., box
4870, Call office.
A* LADY would like a place to taka, care of
an invalid lady and charge of house If re-
quired: will call Monday. Address box
3797, Call office.
( 1 : .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to do
housework and cooking; no washing. Box
379S. Call office. . .
AN experienced woman wishes postllon as cook
for men; no objections to the country. Call
325 Fourth st. ".< -2
A YOUNG woman with references ~ wishes
housecleanlng by the day; $1 50 and carfare.
S19',i Larkln st.
DR ESSMA KER— Experienced ; . good cutter and
fitter: would like a few more engagements
at $2 a day and car fare. Box 3167. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes a few engagements for
shampooing. ¦ manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Cbdd 3573.
GERMAN nursery governess, very njfce, wishes
situation. See J. F.ICROSETT & CO.. 334
S,utter st. t
RELIABLE woman wishes working housekeep-
er's position;- reasonable wages; references
given. Box 3773, Cal office.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman* wishes situation;
light housework, assist cooking; wages 815.
Box 2S31. Call office.
WANTED — Position as nursa or companion for
invalid lady; references. Address Nurse,
300 Hayes st.
A RELIABLE woman wishes position as first-
class cor.k : wages $25 to $30. Apply 612A
• Octavla st. . ¦ •
POSITION by neat, reliable elderly woman:
experienced , cook: used . to children; wages
$12; references. • Box 317S. Call.
A POSITION wanted as cook; Spanish, French
nnd .American; wages *35 to. $40. . Call at
1747 Hyde. st., near Broadway.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to d^ upstairs
work and sewlnr. Please call Monday at
. 19C5 Mission St.; tel. Capp-1543.
BY; capable nnd excerlenccd woman, position j
• as mtrse - for Infant or housework for old 1
couple. • Address X. A.* It..* 1.000 Valencia st.
YOTJNG woman want* a pcsitlon as nurse. Ad-
dress box? 4S11, Cell office.
TRAINED nurse, would : like position In hes-
'pltal-or doctor's office. Box 2C9S, Call office.
WOMAN would like tn get a situation to -do
< general • housework. " Box ' 4SC0, 'Call office.
LADY-- Vlshes* jflain sewing to-do. Addre«3
box 48BS. Call office.
CHAMBERMAID wants place. , 216 Geary. st.
COMPETENT, 1 woman wants housework: Is a
good cook. Call 1419 H Hayes St., near Baker.
WANTED^-Pcsltion as housekeeper where >
• thera arc' no children. Address box 3723. Call.
WOMAN would like to ret some lace curtains
to-wash. ¦. T25 1 . j Broadway, in the rear.
AN experienced governess wants position Ad-
dref 3 1324 University ave., Berf keley.
WANTED— Position to dp housework- good
. refemces. Box 31C8. Call office. • .
SITtfATIOM. wanted by a. young lady as work-
Irljc '.housekeeper * in ; a- nice rooming , hovse-
Call or. addres3 449 Vi Guerrero st/ city. - •
GERMAN'.wonum; wants work for latter Dart
of tfce /. wee*. 'Phone Red " 4C41. ' .\| .
AN experienced. drapery sewer would like work
.by. the day.- 13>> Hayes st. : *
"AfLADY' wishes. washing. and ironing to do at
-¦ home. -Box 4?82. Call. '..¦> > , ¦,
LADY.wishes a position as housekeeper In flrst-
.*• class Jiptel. .Box . 3160, Call office.
A COMPETENT' German woman wants wash-
ing for Monday: 'no postals. 1208 ValleJo st.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1U9. F. and A. »
M.— Officers and ; membets are. re-HfVf
quested to assemble at Masonic Tern- /\f\
I pie SUNDAY, Dec. 13, at 0:»U a. m.,V
-for the purpose of conducting tbe funeral of
our deoeaaed brother. MARX BLUMEN-
THAL, late of San Jo«e Lodge No, 10, San
Jo«e, Cal. By order of the W. M.
. R. H. McPHERSOX, Secretary.- '
CALIFORNIA LODGE No, 1, F. and (D
A. M. — The officers and members ol\eyf
the above named lodge aca hereby /\r\
notified to attend the funeral of, our
late brother, Charles Henry Roese, in King
Solomon's Hall, Masonlo Temple, on MON-
DAY. December 14, at . 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
I are Invited. By order of the Master.
! FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of California t^
Chapter No. 1S"{, O. E. S.. are re- jffgL
quested to attend the funeral o? our
! late brother. CHARLES H. ROE8B. '":.
from Masonic Temple. MONDAY, December
14, 19U3. at 2 o'clock. By order of the' VT.
M. 13 A DORA HORTON. Sec.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. -jtfjMCfcfc,
O. O. F. — Officers and member*^99m&
ri-e hereby notified to assemble at^SeE'SKSjg'
Odd Fellows' Cemetery TO-DAY 'SfSfP^
(Sunday), at 3:45 p. m., to attend the funeral
of our late brother. IRA DENT THOMPSON,
P. G. FRANK KRULL. NY G.
CHAS. A. W1SEWELL. Rec. Sec.
UNITY ,Lodga No. Cl. Knights of -^SS
Pythias — Officers and members are
respectfully requested to attend the */SiD^
funeral of our late brother, J. W1L- >£X
LIAM CALDWELL, TO-DAY *^
(SUNDAY) at 1 :30 o'clock p. m. from the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 190U
Mission st.. between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric
car from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
St. Attest JAMES MORAN. C. C.
J. R. GATES. K. of R. and S.
I THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
j the Nevada National Bank of Ean Fran-
cisco, Cat., will ¦ be held at Its banking
house, 301 Montgomery street, ' San Fran- ;
Cisco. Cal.. on Tuesday. January 12. 1904, ;
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors ¦
to serve during the ensuing year, and for j
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
GEORGE GRANT, Sec.
Ean Francisco. Dec. 12, 1903.
THE annual meeting of stockholders of the
Ruby-Boulder Gold Mining Company will
be held ¦ at the office of the company, Dec.
2«, 1903, at 10 a. m.
VIRGIL MOORE, Sec.
ADOIT1OS.
WANTED— To adopt a little girl. 3 or 4 years !
old; must be ¦dark and bright. Call at 504'
Fifteenth 6t.. Oakland, 'over Peck's. MRS.
WAYNE.
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AGENTS WASTED.
NOTE — For our contract department additional i
agencies will be established on or before j
January 1. 1904; no experience required., but ,
only men of energy and ability to do things !
need apply. Knapp Shade Adjuster Co.. Chi-
cago. 1JJ.. manufacturers of drop fixtures for I
window shades. •
WANTED— Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 in ten days In October; only reliable,
industrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address JUBI-
LEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr.. 1503.
$10 TO $25 per day to active, energetic agents
to introduce our oil burner; reduces cost of |
fuel one-half: practical for cooking stoves, j
ranges and grates. Apply at once. Perfection j
Oil Burner Co., 595 Mission st. '¦
— — 1 1
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for |
others; we start In profitable mall order busl- j
ness at "home; pleasant work; Immense pro-
fits; Information for stamp. Franklln-How-
ard Co.. Denver, Colo.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WE pay $32 weekly and expenses to men to I
s?ll poultry compound. Imperial Mfg. Co., I
D 54, Parsons, Kans. ' j
BIG money made with our flavoring pow- I
dcrs. Pacific Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat I
five, 5. F,
£ ASTROLOGY.
PROF. WILSON, the noted scientific astrolo-
ger, vivid horoscope readings; also private
leesons; call and convince yourself. 109 Lex-
lngton ave.. near 18th and Valencia sts.
ATTO RXE V S- AT-LA W.
W. H. B1TTNER
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite Z22., Emma Spreckels building
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
tight causes; damages secured for injuries to 1
person or estate; replevins for property un- I
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-!
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy 1
proceedings; wills probated: estates settled; 1
collections made In all parts of tbe U. S. j
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
6ee me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fi
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor I
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed! j
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg .
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20-
years; all cases; general court and of flee 1
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritorl-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85. 916 Market St.; tel. John C226.
ADVICE FREE— ALL CASES.
No charge without euccess.
E. J. BANK3, Examiner bldg., third floor.
DIVORCE costs quick and quTet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 816 Market. r.62;phone Black 681.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market «t.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees U advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. - W. W Pavldson. 027 Market.
mRUS DOGS. ETC. ~~
WARJ3LING canaries, • talking parrots- all
kinds of eong and fancy birds; goldfish seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Market st.
BUSINESS ? CHAXCES. ~"
R. G. WILKE, R«al Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 2G& Kearny
St.. rooms 9 and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front close to Market st.: dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid olfer; investl-
Gite at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny st.- . . i . - .
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms
in Point Richmond: rent. $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board -bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearay st. . *\ j '-*,-¦. . - t
A— $1800; HALF- interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front; ' lease; dis-
agreement of- partners cause of eale: will
eeli whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE,
26'i Kearny st. . • ' ,-. .
A— 81250; CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.", close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a. good paying business. See
R. G. WILKE, 2(5^. Kcarny st.
A — $800; DAIRY produce ¦ nnd delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per ..month; living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. C. WILKE, r 26V& Kearny ft
A— 12000; SALOON on; Kearny st., about two
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and' doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of eale ¦ ¦ See Ii G
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan building; a good paying, business,
but must be sacrificed Jon account; of- owner
being sick In hospltaj. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. gg'-j Kearny St.. . ~ .
A— $3250;* LEADING saloon ' on Alar ket and
I Jlaeon sts. ; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more;, value in sight. Call
R. O. WILKE. 2014 Kearny tt. .
A— $650; .CIGAR stand on Montgomery st.- a
$700 ' cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stw;k at In-
voice; a $200 cigar Etand on Third st.; stock
at Invoice; a $iOO cigar stand ' on Eddyst
stock -.at invoice. Cell.'R. G. WILKE. 26la
Kearny st. . ' ...
I A WHOLESALE . and • retail v butcher business
.In. Monterey County; with 5 acres of land
dwelling house, . slaughter, house, shop fix- •
ture*. boiler, tanks, -etc. :; 8 . hordes, wagons
and a w»II established: trade; thU Is a flrst-
elss* business proposition. All particulars
R. G.,WILKE. 20'/;, Kearny tt. " '
A— $3500: CORNER saloon.' about 1 block south
[ of Chronicle ; bldg.; established -years and a
first-class paying place; fullest investigation
. solicited: this I* a very . rare chance. Call
n ' G -'' WILKE »' 2C '». Kearny st. ¦ ;
GPOCKRY and fcar^for tale. For particulars,
I .._ BUSINESS CHA!f CES-—Co^ttjivn«^ : _
STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busl-
neee opening In Ean Francisco T .If 60, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to 150,000'. every business oppor-
• tunity that passes through our office must
ciand the closest Investigation, and we can
rlace you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
¦ . nee, or, in fact, any business you may prefer!
I kindly call and investigate. • ¦ ; • . '¦
OERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Bult 821, Emma Spreckels bulging.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION. . - :
Do you vrlsh to enlarge your business,, or do
you decire additional capital? If so,-, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will- invent from ?100 to $50,000: we
have a largs number of dtsirablo' applicant*
en our book* seeking good business opening*.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
-. Suit 321, Emma Bpreckels building.
A— 5 PER dENT MONTHLY
On Investments of f 1C0 and upward; no' "get-
rich-qulck" . swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, estab%ihed
business enterprise In San Francisco; aAured
$67. 000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20.CC0 to enlarge the plant: call or
write for particulars. . - ¦ .
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
INVEST YOUR MONEY
Where It will be safe as a Government bond
and pay largo profits — you can do this; a
Maino man has paid $330,000 in IS months to
small stockholders; business carried on , In
every town; paid enormously for 00 years;
this nan Is our manager; great chances to
irake money to-day: you can Invest $1 r>»- $100
where it will bring dlvidenls that beat Stand
aid Oil; our story is short, the chance B«"«at;
20-pago book free; don't class this with fakes;
it's etralght. honest business. THE NUTRI-
OLA CO., Dept. X 23, 802 West Madison «t.,
Chica^o^ ' ; ___^__ '
¦ FOR sale or to* lease for term of years; well-
known established health resort In Lake Co.,
including BO furnished rooms, barn, several
valuable mineral springs, plenty fresh water;
I property Is 5 minutes' walk from Bartlett
! Springs Hotel. Call at 11C0 McAllister st. to
! see owner, or address^ with references, MRS.
j HOPPIN. Bartlett Springs. Cal. ''¦?::. zip
A Rare Opportunity.
SPLENDID business opportunity — Fine grocery
and bottled liquor business, horse and
wagon; an established place In full running
order; In fine locality; either whole or half.
Apply Monday, Mr. HOLLING at TlUman '&
Bendel. ! ¦
PARTNER wanted — A $2750 wholesale and re-
tail business in flourishing city near San
Francisco; full value in sight; sales $3000
monthly: references required. THE ALD'EN 1
CO., 111S Broadway, Oakland. . j
J BEST paying small business in Oakland; gro- !
eery, bakfery and notions; sales $12 to $15 per
day; 5 living rooms^ rent $18; price $400; <
those meaning business answer satisfactory
reasons for selling. Box 3175, CaU office. ]
YOU can make larEe profits by judicious op-
erations in wheat; J10O invested, makes $2
per day; remitted weekly. Address Broker,
I / box 52S, Chicago, 111. - :- -
I WANTED— A live man to act as secretary in
j an Industrial corporation who ! can Invest
j $1500; money secured; good salary. Box
j 37CS. Call office.
j WANTED — Cook and wife to take dining-room;
big snap; good home to right party with a
little money* Call promptly. Hotel Merritt,
Oakland. • ...
$1500 — CANDY store, factory and Icecream par-
lor on Market st. ; old established; good trade.
Central Agency. 993 Market st. . .
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
i located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
j for r'm'g house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
I FOR tale — Best little restaurant In city; rent
• $45; central; receipts $35 to $-40 day; must
I leave town: price $1200 CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
!. $750 — WHOLESALE fruit and produce busi-
ness; in wholesale district; old established;
owner wishes to retire. Box 37C2, Call.
A HALF-INTEREST for sale, in a successful
and well-establish undertaking business in
San Francisco. Address box 4S10, Call.
1 PLANING mill In good location; fine trade,
making money; leaving town; must sell.
Box 4850, Call.
WANTED — To buy small bakery wtthout
wagen route; city or vicinity. Address box
2097, .Call.
FAMILIES of small means can find steady em-
ployment In a co-operative co. Write GIBBS,
Gibbs P. P.. Santa Cruz County. Cal.
STATIONERY and household goods store near
. school and transfer corner; living-rooms. Ap-
t ply owner. 2946 Mission st.
$450— SALOON: good locality; rent $20; 3 llv-
ing rooms. Central Agency. 0U3 Market st. ,
BRQWN & CO.. business brokers, est. 1S86; ad-
Vertising money advanced. 1221 Market st."
TO SELL or rent — A restaurant on account of,
leaving city. 2SS1 16th st., near Howard.
CIGAR store and 3 rooms; furniture for sale;
cheap rent. Inquire 2044 Mission st: ' ,
MILLINERY — Good business, 50 miles from S.
F.; town COCO; Invoice $C0O. Box 3769, Call.
A GOOD paying kodak and picture framing
business for sale. Box 87S. Call. Oakland.
$C50 — Express business on principal st., with of-
fice nr. RR. sta.; 3 wagons. Box 3724, Call.
BARBERS—For sale, hydraulic chair, mirror
and work stand; cheap. 2837 Greenwich' st.
LAUNDRY rout, dyeing and cleaning; clears
$100 monthly. Box 3172, Call.
FOR sale— The finest and beat photo 6tudlo.
Box 3727. Call. -
PARTNER with $500; will make $250 per
month. Address box 3720, Call.
MUST be so!d at once to close out stock; first*
. class stock of family groceries, fixtures. 4
horses. 3 wagons; all at a discount; don't
miss for a good business buy or as an In-
vestment; owner positively must and will
., sell. »as he has Interests In Nevada which
he must attend to at once; stock will in-
voice $6000. G. W. AUSTIN 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland. ¦£ .¦ -
ADD to your income— -W r e offer men In many
towns positions as local manager; a busi-
ness of your own; requires little tlir.e; $50 to
$500 monthly, all on small Investment; .we
start you for $15 and up, according to num-
b'.r of machines; be your own boss. The
¦National Automatic Cigar -Vender Company,
suite 111. 59 Dearborn Et., Chicago.
MONEY In squabs; big profits,, small expense;
beats poultry; easy for womensind Invalids;
circular tree; our squab .manual- explains
everything; free to purchasers or 25c post-
paid. Philadelphia Squab Co., 2019 East
York et., Philadelphia, Pa.
FOR eale — One of the largest, best located
brick livery stables: long lease at moderate
rent; doing large business paying nice month-
ly profit; is in good shape and attractive sta-
ble proposition; principals only. Apply Scott
& Wagner, hay merchants. 615 Sixth st.
FOR f-ale — Two gold mines, placer; big pay In
sight; near Dawson City. For full particu-
lars call or address Owner. 2518 Nine-
teenth *t., near Potrero ave.. San Franclgco.
Cal. • .
$250— RESTAURANT, delicatessen, oysters op-
posite Lorln depot, new electric ' and S P •
clearing $70 to $80 a month, besides living;
Berkele' CaUee ° £ S6lUnS ' YATES - Lorin,
WANTED— Partner with , $175 in barber shop
at 2fa2 O'Farrell at. Apply at once.
I DESIRE to meet parties of some means with
view of Incorporating ¦commercial company;
export trade; have means to Invest myself;
big proposition. X Y 2. box 4SCS, Call office.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Write us for particulars: agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Mark-t
st., San Francisco, Cal. ¦ .
A' GROCERY and liquor store at invoice; sun-
ny living rooms.' with bath; price $800- rent
J $20. ' A. STENBERG & CO.,~73:<t<, Market.
A— WORKINGMAN'S boardlng-hou«e; good lo-
cation: low rent: steady boarders; no agents
Bex 2S0T Call office. ;
FOR Bale— Dental practice, established 9 years
.Instruments and furnished house of 7 rooms]
$1000; or dental practice $500. Box 4SC2, Call.
NOTIONS, candy,' light groceries; cheap rent-
, four fine living rooms. -1300 Sanchez st;,take
Castro-st. car. corner of .Twenty-sixth ' st. '¦'
DELICATESSEN . stpre* with home boarders
'-and- three living rooms; ; rent" $20; 1 must be
sold. Call 410 Ninth st.
FOR «ale — A' gun and bicycle .house; good lo-
cation and business: good reason .for. selling.
""Forterros apply 823 J : st,, Sacramento. - Cal.
PARTNER wanted with $400 In old established
coal business.* . 042 Geary st. r; .
SALOON and grocery for sale: cor. of Fifteenth
.sve.rand'Q st. South; established 14, years."
. t , LODGING-HOUSES POK . SALET~"
A— KREDO & CO., ' 765 * Market st
Kucceasful \ Brokers.', ",'j *
- We \ —Loan — You '¦ — Money <
0 rooms.'rent $10, -pick-up for..';.. $75
10 rooms, rent $50, nicely furnished. ..-.-;-. ; ' 6o<> ;
18 .rooms, rent $35. little mint..r. ;; . .'.'.".: - eoo
21, rooms, rent $45, clears $100.'...."'. .....*. W)0
. 23 ' rooms.' rent ¦ $1 65, swell -snap . :'. ... .". . v . '< 300U '
1 Big, list ; at 'cur "office. -. , " ... , ..; • ,'j
765 Market st. '¦¦'•*'' Phone Black 6ST2. '
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSK; MEDIUM
•,- SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNfSHEO;. LOCA-'
.TION BEST IN THE »-. CITY;' • LEASE; :
.OWNER - LEAVING TOWN'. BOX ,2S5<5. !
CALL OFFICE. .- . : ,
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap:, 18 rooms" In a fine
• * location ; • just- furnished ; new ; . if you take 'It
, qulck« a , very low; price i will h« > made : don' t
overlook this offer: there's; nothing. ln?town'
Uo beat It. Apply H. S. RANSONJ 261 Geary.
CrtCHCII SKUV'ICF.S.' _^^_
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
sen atid Flllnore »ts— Rev. John HemphlU.
P. l>.. p&st^r. ilornlng service at 11 o'clock;
*»rmon topic. -The l'ower of a Chrl»t-like
Life." Evening service at 7:30 o'clock; ser-
mon topic. "The Mount of Decision." The
Vaetor will preach at both services. 6ab-
baih school at ti:3O a. in.: orchestral music.
Christian iindeavor meeting at 6:15 p. m.
Prayer mating Wednesday evening at 6
o'clock. All ere cordially Invited.
FIRST l»resbyterian Church, Van Nesv ave.
and Sacrarcexto tt.— Rey. William Kirk
tJuthrie. pastor. Morning ser\'lce 11 o'clock;
subject. ' "Stokers After lnimortallty." Eveii-
tr.g Eunice 7:30 o'clock; subject, "TTie Future
Life — l"»r»ian Beliefs." The pastor will
l>reach at both services. Scbb«th echool 12:30
p. m. Chritian ISndeavor societies, 5:15
p. m. and C:35 p. m. Wednesday, 8 p. m..
ir.idv.e«k cen'lce. Tuesday, 8 p. m-. Mrs.
Colonel L. M. Maus will speak on "Life In
the Philippines"; Illustrated with lantern
elides. All are cordially Invited^
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
of Webiter and Page ste. : Hayes. Haigbt and
Killmcre et. car* handy. Sermon at 11 m. m.
by Rev. J. T. Wills. D.D.; theme. "Rowlns
Aijains=t Contrary Winds," and in the ev.en-
lng at 7:4.*>. theme. "•The Greatest Commer-
cial Question of the Day." Sunday school's!
f»:45. Christian Endeavor at 0:45. Prayer
meeting ev«ry Wednesday evening. All ln-
\ited and welcome.
UNITARIAN Oiurch (First), S. W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts. —Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister. Charles A. Murdock and Christo-
pher Ruess. supts. of Sunday school. Junior
church and Sunday school are at 10 o'clock.
Sunday wrvice is at 11 o'clock. Mr. Leavitt
wiil preach; subject. "Herbert Epencer and
the Agnostics." Parents may leave children
in the kindergarten room during service.
Music by quartet, under direction of H.
Hrefherick. organist. All are cordially in-
vi;ed. Rabbi Voorsanger will occupy the
l>u!p!t next Sunday.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
er.d Capp Ets. (take Mission or Valencia st. I
car). The Rev. Jay WilUam Hudson, min-
ister; residence. .VH» Capp et. The Sunday
school meets at'0:45 o'clock; Mr. W. C. Max-
well superintendent. At the morning service
at 11 o'clock the Rev. Jay William Hudson
will pneach: e-jliject. "How Much Can We
Know?" Music by orchestra and choir under
the direction of Mr. Jabish Clement. All the
seats are free. No evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Ma«on rtf. — Rev. George C. Adarr.s, D.D..
partor. will preach Rt both services. At 11
e. m.. topic, "The Law and the Prophets."
At 7:45 p. m.. tc;>ic. -The Prnmis? of Suc-
cess." All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post *t.,
near Webster — Rev. I. C. Meserve. D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Sunday school at fl:"0 a. m., C E. meeting
at 6:45 p. n. In the evening the pastor will
deliver the seventh in the series of Sunday
evening addresses on civic and social right-
(¦ousntw. his topic being "The King, Queen
and Knave of the Immoralities."
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
<\-.urch. corner Hayes and Bachanan sis. —
Rev. John Stephen?, the pastor, will preach
st 11 a. m. In the evening, at 7:30. Dr.
Gecr^e B. Smyth and Mrs. Smyth will speak.
Dr. f-myrh Will also address the Epworth
league st fi:30 p. m.: Dr. R. O. Moody,
president. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m.,
C B. Perkins, supt.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission St., between
Sixth and Seventh — Preaching both morning
»nd evening by the pastor, George W. White. 1
Sunday-school at 12:45. Rolla V. Watt su-
perintendent. Young people's meeting at 6:15.
Sacred concert. 7:30 to S. Everybody wel-
come. Seats free.
FIRPT Baptist Church, Eddy st., near Jones—
Preaching. II a. m. ar.d 7:30 p. m.. by Rev. j
Myron M. Haynes, D.D.. of Chicago. Bible !
school. 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor meet- j
ir.gs. 6 :•'»<> p. m. Midweek prayer service. I
Wednesday. 7:45 p. m.. led cy Rev. Thomas'
Baldwin. D.D. Ail seats free. '
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
F. W. Clan:pett, D.D., rector. Holy com-
munion. 7:30 a, m.; Sunday-school, 9:30 a.
m.; morning service. 11 o'clock, sermon by'
th» Rt. Rev. William F. Nichols; S p. m..
People's 1 ne-hour service by rector. All are
cordially invited.
FIRST Oiurch of Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 22:{ Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant j
ave.— «'hristfan Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Is the Universe,
InrJuding Man, Evolved by Atomic Force?" |
Sunday school for children at the s>ame hour; i
Wednesday evening meeting at fc o'clock: free
reading-room. 206 Kearny st., rooms 5C9-510; !
all are welcome. I
THE People's Church holds services every J
Sunday evening. *> o'clock, in Elks' Hall. 22-'i i
Sutter st. Memliers' meeting this evening at i
7 o'tlock, preceding senices. Paftor, Mrs. ;
Anna L. GiMespie.
A GREAT union mass meeting for men to-day
at .'5 o'clock will be held in tne Young Men's
•'hristian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis fits. The California University Chin-
ff quartet will sing and Rev. J.I. M. Haynes
cf Chicago will speak. Seats free to all
young men and a general invitation is ex-
tended to all.
S EVANGELISTS McCLURE from Ireland and
Elalr from Australia w'H . hold their last
nr'etir.Rr at Gospel Hall. Sixteenth et.. near
Valencia, to-day at 3 and 7:45 p. m. Every -
body cordially invited; no collections; cpme.
THH Theotophical Society. Golden Gate Lodge
— Free public lectures euery Sunday, 8 p. m.. |
headquarters Flood building, 80S Market et.;
subject to-^.ieht. "Karma, Individj^l, Race
and Universal." by F. T. S. Llt^ry and
rrading-room cpen dally. 2 to 4 p. m.
THE Theoscphlcal Society — Col. H. S. Olcott.
president-founder. Headquarters, Academy
of Scienc** building, f-10 Market st. Public
lecture at R p. m. in main hall by Miss J. C
Brodie; subject. "The Law of Sacrifice."
Lotus group, 11:39 a. m. Study class, Thurs-
day. 2:30 p. m., room 20. third floor.
'THE Bfemlet rif the Old Testament, or the
f=inry of the Broken Bottle," will be Rev.
Willisrn Rader's theme at the Third Con-
rregational Church, at 7:30. Service at 11
a.m.
MEETINGS — SPyPAY.
W. J. COLVILLE
Lectures In Flood building. Market St., 3 p. m. :
in Lorlng Hell. 11th and Clay ets.. Oakland,
.7:30 p. m. Subject: "The Ethics of Love,
Divine and Human." Class instruction, same
. fc*y. K F-. Tues.. Thurs.. Sat.. 3 and S p. m. ;
Oakland, Mon. and Wed., 3 and $ p. m.
MME. SEELEYS flower test: lecture by Dr.
Kaln: Brooks. "Bible Evolution"; healing by
both. Remembrance Hall, Odd Fellows' bldg.,
t> p. tn.. 10c.
McTvor-Tyndall to-night, Eteinway Hall, 223
Butter st.; lecture and demonstration of psy-
chic phenomena, thought transference, etc.
MRS. FTODDARD'S eeances give individual
identity of returning spirits, 10c; Sunday,
TutKlay. 27S Ninth et.
W. O. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.. 10c; Bit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
TESTS, front hall. 909 Market: 2-8. Mrs. Pit-
r&ff. Dr. Cowan. Mr. Wilson, others; 10c.
KATIE IIEUEEMANNP circle; Fri eve 25c"-
read, 'daily. 1000 Harrison ft: tel. Mint 097.
Frierdf hip Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C 7
Meyer; fits every evg. 10c; readings dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
XOc: private readingK dally. <S19 McAllister.
Seer Egyptian. Hindoo occult; reads daily cir-
cles Wed..Frl..Sun.. 8 p.m.; 10c. £10 Ellis st.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circles, evenings-
to-night. 10c 148 Sixth st.; life readings.
MRS. COXXOLL, 14S Sixth st.; circle every
night: tests to all. 10c; readings daily.
MRS. EKERHARDrs test meeting. 8 p. m.;
1'ic. S250 Twenty-second rt.
MEETIXGS— THEOSOPIIICAL.
Ee«r Egyptian. Hindoo occult; reads daily; elr-
fles Wf,i..Fri..Pun.. S p.m.; 10c. 540 E1IU st.
SCXUAV IJSCTDIM2S.-
"KOTl"," lecture. "Evolutlcn and New
Thought, •". Uer.rj" Harriton Crown. Tribute
nil! b- paid to the life and works of Herbert
Spencer. "Now" Sunday evening lectures
' have, been continuing for over two years. An
*v<T-growicg audience has necessitated a
¦ larrrt-r hali. To-night will be the, first in the
new -one. Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.,
K o'r:<>ck sharp. 'Musii. Free with collection.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture thl«
»>v*r,)ns. Crj'stnl Hall. * Pythian Castle. 903
Miitki-t tt.; subject,. '"Harpy Days," fol-
l..wed by art %icv.s of happy subjects: fre«
tickets will be .llstributed Jor X-ray exhibi-
tion tit M:iatoriu»n. Tuesday evening. Re-
tnrn-.hT tho question , bpx. Special music.
O. N. r>n:>"JW lectures this {Sunday) evening, I
•_In CtMta Gale (upper) Hall. «2O Gutter et..
At S o'clock. T'ie subject to tiH presented
— Can. We Foresee the Future?"
Piano and vocal solos. • Admission is free.
FRHr: thought ¦ lecture to-night -S o'clock/Odd
Follows' building. Arthur Morrow Lewis.
I^jndon. England. Subject. "Archbishop
Montgomery en Hcientlflc Ratlonallem." Ad-
m;Kttlon 10c.
PHOHRESSIVE Spiritualists, Odd Fellows*
buiUllnp. 7lh and Market «t*.. to-nlgrht.
Mrs, i;. t=. LHUe, speaker.
j'OIl CHILDREXT 7 "
WANJ*K1>— -To cai-e lor a child by a com-
petent woman: hit* own home. 1714 I at.;-
hr-l. 3Slh and Unit aves.. Sunset .district.
LAPT »tnf«c8re"f.f infant r«r young child
. Address €7 Twelfth «t.. Oakland. .
U "^ 1 lJrL tn btard : CW)iS ~ bo:ne: references.THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL*. SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13, 1903.
45
ROOMS TO LET— Fora, aad I'nfnrn.
SUTTER. 970 — Newly furnished front room;
¦gentlemen; private family; reasonable.
SUTTER. 957 — Nicely furnished sunqy suits of
parlors; also large sunny room; bath.
TURK. 723Vi — Nicely furnished rooms; gentle-
men; reasonable. ¦
TURK. 719— Pleasant rocms; also singt* sunny
room.
TURK. 729. near Sutter — Handsomely fur-
nlshed rooms in a modern flat. •'•'¦-¦ ¦'
TURK, 723?i — Finely furnished rooms; gas;
bath.
TURK, 719 — Sunny room: running water, bat—,
closet: suitable for 2; private.
TURK, "29— Front suite to let: furnished.
VAN NESS. S02— Nicely furnished rooms; bathl
gas: gentlemen preferred.
VAN NESS. 312— Large sunn;- room. «uit*bl»
for one or two gentlemen or couple; also
sunny single room.
VAN NESS. 313 — A larg* n!c# front room,
suitable for one or two; rent very reasonable.
VAN NESS. S2O— Sunny furnished rooms, with
running water.
VAN NESS. 410— Two furnished rooms 'to !•_
VAN NESS. 31S — Furnlshfd rooms; reascnabl".
VAN NESS. 315— Nicely fcrnis&ed rooms.
VAN NEj!3. 5I»— Large sunny room, nuitabl*
¦for 2; running water: gentleman preferred.
VAN" NESS. 110O — Two nicely furnished sunny
single rooms-
VAN NESS, llfl*— Sunny bedroom; privats
family; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 1107— Nicely furnished room: pri-
vate family.-
VAN NESS. itCO — rurnl-h-d rooms suitable
COT two: bath.«. phone: prl\at».
VAN NESS, 12P.1 — Two sunny rooms, fur-
nished; gas: reasonable.
VAN NESsT~12C5 — A Urge sunny room, run-
r.lng water, gas and bath.
VAN NESS. 1200 — Large sunny room; hot and
cold water; private family.
WASHINGTON. 1413— Elegant parlor suit* for
lady: breakfast if desired; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Jtcst convenient and respectable: 70O rooms;
83c to $1 6O night; $2 to $1 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; fre« bus: Laggaga.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan efc Church sts.
A BRANCH oCflce of The Call for th« recep-
tion of advertisements an<J subscriptions has
been cpen-d at 1008 Marks, tt.. opposite
Fifth. Open until II p. ra.
ROOMS AXP DOARP.
A— HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE "09.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTE—.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER fc ZEBERO. PROPRIETOP.3.
A HOTEL HATTON
S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR^ ¦
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's awellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveni*nces; will be ready
for occupancy Dec. 15: reservations can now
be made on premises dally.
V CHANGE OF PROPRIETOP.S.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 170* Market St.— A
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A THE DRESDEN
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON.BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
A SMALL American family will beard 2 jren-
tlemen; large sunny rcom: handsome privat*
residence; reference?. 808 Hyde st.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
FAMILY boarding-house. 1070 Valencia; ftrst-
class board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Km
ave.. has cnanged hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; tabla board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— All
tractive and sightly rooms; best tabl* and
service; lowest rates.
A THE NIAKA. 615 TAYLOR ST. •
SUNNY FRONT SUITES WITH BOARD.
O'FARRELL, SOS — Furnished 'rooms; horse
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
FIRST, 323-i-Board and lodging. $5 per week;
alt home cooking: changed hands.
TWO rooms and board for party of four pleas-
ant people. Box 3765. Call.
ROO1IS ASD JSOAItl) WASTEU.
WANTED— Sunny room and beard for old lady
In good health, in private family: permanent
If suited: between Sacramento. Union, Pclk
and Powell sts. preferred. Address. vHh
term* and particulars, L. E. W.. Call offlc*.
Los An_ete».
STUDENT wishes boarj and room. $20 month:
room with running- water: east of V.in Ne»s
ave. ami north of Mrkt. Add, box 4800. Call.
noons wasted.
WANTED — Permanent front sunny room, not
to exceed $8: five minutes from Fifth -and
Market. Address N. L. CHACE. 809 Market.
SO-ICTTOBS.
CAN offer the best proposition on the coast
to high-grade subscription book salesmen.
Box ;>79t>. Call office.
STORAGE AXD WAUEHOUS—S.
X^M?oiEUU^?lKor_gTV^V_^^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7^3-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phene Grant 16L
, PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _T Moving Co.. of-
fice Pest and Powell «ts. ; tal. PrtTg. Ex. 571.
CONKJLIN'd Storage — Furniture and merchaa-
dl»e. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone Ea-t 1-3.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; MO
Mission st ; tel. Howard &41. F. W. Zehftu*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Co— -
pany. 2320 Ftllmore st.: phone. Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates-
STC-rTERIXG AXD STAMMEK1XO.
MELBOURNE School. Vaa Ness-Marlwt— Car»
In every ease; Individual teaching: no mrdl-
eige. Inquire into wonderfnl cures :hom» «or«.
*"* — "~~~~~~~~~* ——¦ ———————— ———————— §
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wera Issued
yesterday:
Albert S. Dayton. 29, 1704 Harrison street,
and Ernestine M. Alves. 24. SC5 Hampshire *t.
Maurice Ducanti. 28. San Rafael, and Fran-
ces N. Brome. 2». New York Clur-
Arthur E. Curtla. 21. 2352 Folsom street.
and Margaret E. McCarthy. 21. 1212 Treat *>•.
Holland N. Stevenson. 21,- Plttsneld, Maw.,
and Gertrude Livingston, 18. 1327 Leaven-
worth street. 1 . _
Frank D. Henderson, 28. city, and G«orgl»
R. Farmer, 23. city.
Thomas J. Atkinson. 35, 451 Sixth street.
and Vivian Adams.' 3.'!. Eureka. Cal.
Conn Rollins. 21.-1507 Montgomery street,
and Josephine Richard. IS. city.
Edmund T. T. Blum. 19, 1210 Kearny street,
and Theresa M. Keller, lti. 676 HarrJ-oa street.
Agostino Pastcrino, 33. Five-Mite. House, and
Louigia Nan. 33, Five-Mile House.
Giuseppe Vlrsello. 21. 41* Green strset. and
Benlnla Nan. 22. 414 Green street.
Blanchlni Maur*zlo. 25. 64 Seventh street.
-and Glaehella Lavrlna. 20, W Seventh street.
Wllliara E. Wood. 24. 81 Pleasant street.
and Anna Peacock. 23. 312'i San Jos« aveirn*.
James B. Young. S3. Vallejo. and Gertrude
j Patton, 13. Vallejo.
Ernest E. Mead. 30. Boston, Mass.. and Nora
Noble. 23. city.
Judson D. Marsh. 21. 721 Valencia street,
and Lena Hilton. 23. 350H Twenty-fourth st.
- Andy M. Lundin. 4-V 3329 Seventeenth street,
and Helena Anderseon, 22. 3G0O Sixteenth at.
Herbert P. Abbott. 27, Vallejo. and Paula
Kegler. 19, 141 '-i Eleventh street.
William N. Goodby. 51. 11 Ewer place, and
Mary L. Anderson. 43. 11 Ewer place.
Nlcolo Cancllla. 21. 402 Union street, aad
Rosella Eu-eri. 18, 1408 Dupoct street.
BIBTH8— MARRIAGES— DEATHSl
BOKX.
BORCK— In this city. December 12. 1903. to
the wife of L. J. Borck. a son.
BRUNE— In this city, December 5. 1903, to
the wife of Louis E. Brune. a daughter.
; COHN— In this cfty. December 9. 1903. to th«
wife of Isldcr Colin, a daughter.
COX— In this city. December «. 1803. to th«
- - wife of Levitt H. Cox. a son.
CROWLEY— In this city. December 1?, 1908.
_ to the .wife cf W. W. Crowley. a son.
DE LUCA— In this city. December 4. 1303. to
the wire of N. de Duca. a son.
DUTOT — In this *tty. December 3. 1303. to
the wife of "W. H. Dutot. a daughter.
FALK— In this city. December 7, 1903, t» ths
—lfe of C. N. Fall., a daughter.
GLtNNINl — In this city. December •. V0B.
to the wife of J. C. GUanlni. a son.
MANN— In this city, to the w«» of R*lp4»
Mann, a daughter.
PRICE— In this city. November NX UMB, tt
the wire- of Louis H. Pric*. a &-_g_Ur.
JANANESE -with reooni— er.datlon wishes po-
stticn of any style; g<?od cook;, city or ooun-
try; private faintly. Box 4S52 CaU ofSce.
A JAPAXEfE vfrm'.d OR «¦ position as school-
boy; erteakc good Er.gUsh: also understands
cocking. KURODA. 1410 Tine rt.
JAPANESE youag toy tracts a position to do
housework In family. Addrets Aso, 614 Pine.
A JAPANESE first-c!=ss cook wsnts position;
t»Et referenrrs. 374 Sutter St.. room- B.
JAPANESE boy want- r,!_ht Job washing
CIthes from 7 to 10 o'clock. 118 Eddy st.
rBAT-X-S BEKOVATED.
OSTRICH feath-rs and boas r-mpde'.ed, curled
and waterproof fd ; elve* a luster eq_al to
tww; can l>e worn a F«*a-«a without loatnc:
curl. r Potter W«t<Tpr.*iflng Co.. _0 Geary et.
FLATS TO LET. j
A— HO~EES asfl Cats to let; aa tmraens* list:
service absolutely free: ta_» adva_tase of
thle department; it will eav* you time and
trouble. Oorues Furnlturs Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. ca the square.
AJJL, of the rr.cst desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; let us glv»
you a lift and help you find one. in the lcca-
l-.cn you want. STERLING FURNITURE
CO—PANT. 1C2S Market »t.; kerrtces at»o-
lutcJy free.
PrNE. 1727 and 17S3. near Franklin— Two n e-
*unsy middle flats of S rooms ar:4 hath each:
srtist'.o and strictly modern. VON RHEIN
HEAL ESTATE CO.. £13 California et.
GALL Bt the office of SON'NTAG BROS.. 232
JIostjrorr.eT rt.. nnd jret their \ery waip>t-
i'.st of flat* located in •*. ery rx»rt!on of the
___2 : 2?J .
NICE vrtr flat; 70 Tlelr!:er «•.. r.ear Four-
teenth: 6 ro*>__ and bat!i; r*nt reasonable. G.
f- H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery et.
$5k— NICE little 4-room f.at en Federal St..
near First ar-4 Bryant.
UcEWEX BROS.. US Montgomery et.
BUCHANAN. 12C2'i. n»-.r Eddy— Sur.ny «rr>*r
flat: ft rooms an.l bath; rent reasonable. G.
H. VMESEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
VPPER f.st of 4 rooms and bath; sunr.y: mod-
em conveniences. Ct Pehon et., between
Sixteenth and Ptver.teemh. near Sanchez.
TTN1OX. iocs. Ti««r Leaven worth — Upper flat
cf fl roorrm ar<l bath: fin» marine view; plenty
kj ar.3 light: fine cor.dit!' < n: *."><>.
Ft'NXV flat. 7 rocms: rent STZ 3023 Califor-
nia *t.; owner on premises from 10 to 12
Funday.
VAN NES?, near E«dy — Flat of 5 rooms and
bath; v-ry nice: rent $35: furniture for sale,
reasonable; adults. Box S1T7. Call efflee.
pnRLANU, 172. near Mission High School— 3
new -jrper eunsy flat*. <5 rooms, attic, $27 5P.
FLATS to >_ 271-S73 Haigfctst-
GP.rEX. 1S7_ — New sur.sy flats, 7 rooms;
rents f4P.
HAIGHT. 5C5 — Modem flat; 5 rooms and bass-
rcer.t.
MASONIC ave.. 1317 — EJearact sunny upper
flat. 7 rooms and bath; near park.
BCKStT upper modem flat. 6 rooms and bath.
ApplT *12* Twenty-sixth et.. near Castro.
FLATS TO LET — FTRXISUED.
TO lease for winter month — Elegant, — inny.
furnifh«d flat ef 6 large rooms and bath. 122_
¦v%'a«hlngton St., near Jones; rent reasonable.
FHA1XTVALP. BUCKBEE — CO.. Ul8-_eO
Montgomery ft.
AN elegantly furnished flat, complete for
bo-osekeepinur: porcelain bath; piaao; 4 rnin-
i::ps' walk to City Hall; no children; JIO.
322 Hayes tt.
D_U_00~X £19 — Flat of 3 furnished rooms:
hot »r.J coM water: >lfl.
PLATS FOR SALE FIRMSHED.
NEWLY furri-red flat of 6 rocm*, cr carpets
or.'y: rent $22 50. 315 Gouga st.
FISAXCIA— .
DOSTT DCVEST
Ur.t'.l you get our list of stocks paying dlvl-
<1«n:".s or xvith assured earnings. \Ve hassle
rr.in'.ng. ell. industrial, bank and loan ccm-
rary shares.
If you have any stock for sale rend us your
list an_ ;;:.>-> We have the buyer*. If you
are in the market to buy, write or wire for
our quotations.
WATT _ <X>vrPER THWAITE. Backers
er.d Brckers, Stockton.
A— 5 PEP. CENT MONTHLY
On investment* of $100 and upward: no "get-
rirh-quic_" -windle. turf speculation or 152m - |
biing ech^nie. but a reputable, established |
l.uFin**-. enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
*C7.noo Isst year on $100,000 capital; stock
in'-resLted $20,you to enlarge the plant; caii or
write for ..articular*.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. «27 Market et.
COMPANIES ir:ccrT>OTa.t*d. financed and stocic
flc_:e<!. W. H. U1TTXER. Lawyer and Fi-
-j-: :&i Ajresi. S3 IZzr.rr <._ EjjrwckeU bldg.
P ACIAI. MASSAG- . I
A— WRINKLES recioved; fin* complexion guar- '
azteed. tew method: &K\ M. LUTON. mant-
c-uring p-rior*. TC4 Lai_ln at.; phone Polk 17. :
FOR &Ct — B ; g bargain: 7 rooms, well fur-
nished. Sat. tr.3 Hun. after 10, 807 Vau
Nera ave.: several rented. ;
FlRMTtRE WASTED.
A — Highest price paid far f jr., carpets, etc. Mrs. j
T. li. Selbv. Equitable Fur. Co.. SL_ Larkin. i
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. 1_ H.
BURP. auctlonecr.lSIS Mkt. ;tel.Moward 2750.
A. WOLLPERT, 173 Mission, phone Ited 44_,
buys, rests, repairs. r_ci:» furniture, carpet*.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
_ COOK and eeoond triri fur email Amertcan '
family: *35 and $23. Call at MISS PLUN-
KETT S Employment Bureau, l_0 Sutler St.,
tesr Powell.
A COOK for small delicatessen store. $^'>
mi-nth: a nurs» fcr 2- year-old child, $25; a
fir*:-cl8fs »<-_itree-. for cafe; a cleaner for an
Institution rn city. 520 «nd found, an ea-y
pleo*; »n #=xj>eri<T»..-ed chambermaid for rraajl
hotel. 518; a TV-itre** and j>arlormald for
ctty flace, $30; a ereend girl for 2 in fam-
ily, city, $27>; V, good waitresses and one
cfcainberms.ld to uttet waiting for ft!st-claF»
hctrj in city. ?2S. board and room; 40 house-
work erlrls for city and country, $30, ?25
and t2O. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter tt.,
netr PoweJL
¦BANTED— 2 cooks. %'¦:<>¦. 4 secend girl?. $20-
$25; conk and second girl, same house, $^!<>-
t\h, will take friends or mother and daugh-
ter; . *»aitre*se*. hotel. $25: chambermaid
ar.^ w_itr**«. $2o: _ hou5i-keep«r-, count ry,
830. far* p_id; 3 restaurant waitresses, $8 a
»--«-V: chajrib^rn-.aid. *22 DO; [_w_mus. Marc
Island. $25; nurw. girl. Panta Cruz. $30; 2
B ?"*w * r:rlp ' city ' *20-$2T.: laundress. *3O.
chamber »crk. fZZ,. private family hous--
*' , • _ ci;> ' and 'ount-y. $20-$25-$.1O. Apply
to J. F. VK'JSETT „ CO.. :BI Suiter st.
A— THE DOVES-TIC CLUB.' ;
>_ , 233 Geary St.. room TM.
Par.or — :aitl and wait *35
See !a<!y here 10:U» Mon'iay.
Terlor fna!.J en<l wait. 8 Jn ramily '.$.-50
Norse, child, little upstairs v.ork ST.
Second »ar.d wait. S jn family- i_i
Cook. lHtl- wash. etc.. 3 In family ......hs
Coo'*., little *afh. Becond girl krpt $-;o
OmtsJ hcu«.ew C rk. small f-m-j l ltB..s_-,' to' $39
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdre*-lnc
manicuring, etc.; traie taught rrom A to Z
la 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to flll immediately; positions guaran-
teed at *1U per week up; leading «chool in
Wert. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now fcr spring e-a-
«oa: bcth seasons taught from start to Hc'.-h
In 1 month for $10; position- as trlmicers
•alesladle*, etc., guaranteed at $10 p*r wk up-
<iay and evening clasz. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.'
A — LADIES to learn' all branches balrdresFicg
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 12SG Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jocec, room 94; positions securtd
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call. -
EEVTINC MACHINE OPEIIATOKS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS Sc GO'S
FACTORIES. S2H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
¦WANTED— A lady to tra\el fcr an old estab-
lieheJ bou*e cf eolid financial standing; good
salary and expvnsts weekly; expenses ad-
\_nced; plea_atit work; new line; good refer-
ences and security required. Address box 271.
Sacramento. Cal.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. C&8
Mission et., third f.ocr.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' wash waists. CCO
Mission st.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' summer skirts. 666
Mission St.. third floor.
Y-ADIES — J« to $15 paid weekly, doing plain
* sewing at home; experience unnecessary:
material eent free everywhere; cend stamped
addressed envelope for particulars. 'Weber
Manufacturing Co. .1135 Broadway. New York.
INDIES to do plee* work home; we furnish
materials; pay 17 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Company, 31 Eatt
. Uocroe at., C&ic-go. <
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
MYRTLE ave.. -617. near Octavta, between
Geary and O'Farrell — 2 • housektepinr front
rooms, furnished, with gas. stove; $14.
NINTH, 155 — 3 lame ; rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; gas range; private
family. . .
NINTH, 157 — 2 nice housekeeping rooms; price
. $15 per month. ' . . ; ¦ ¦.;
NINTH. 163— Rcorrs $2 anj $2 50 per week;
gas and bath; private family. -
NINTH. 235 — Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping, with bath; rent reasonable.
NINETEENTH. 3475— 2 nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; gas, bath.
. NOE, ICO. near Fourteenth — 3 minny furnished
rooms and bath for housekeeping: rent cheap.
NOE, 4S1. corner Eighteenth— 2 handsome bay-
window rooms, complete; gas range; $10.
OAK, 27 — One nice large frnnt room, furnished
for light housekeeping; rent $12.
OAK, 115ti— Nicely furnished, complete for
housekeeping; every convenience; $3 to $10;
adult*. . ,-.:••¦- • .
OAK. 125 — Two nicely furnished .basement
moms for housekeeping: $10.
OAK, 400 — Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing FUite, with gas range; rent. reasonable.
OAK, 43C — A largn sunny alcove room, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 208—3 nicely furnished connect-
icg room*; gas stove, running water; $5 per
week.
j O'FARRELL, 627— Furnished or unfurnished
j lower floor of three rooms and bath.
O'FARRELL. tC3— NfMly furnished rooms";
i single, double or. en suite. \
j O'FARRELL, 1135— Nicely furnished house -
j keeping rooms; connecting.
! R1TCH, 20, near Folsom — 2 minny room-, com-
j plete for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
RU6S. 176, bet. 6th and 7th— 3 rooms, front
parlor; gas 6tove, coal crate, closets: reas.
SACRAMENTO, 1719— Unfurnished parlor floor,
4 rooms; other rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 3026—2 i sunny housekeeping
rooms, furn. complete; gas range, bath; $16.
SANCHEZ, 154, nr. Market— Unfurnished. 2
beautiful sunny bay-window rooms In elegant
new upper comer flat; vicinity Duboce Park;
use of kitchen, etc.; complete; private.
SEVENTEENTH. 3045. near Castro — Three
beautiful, desirable unfurnished rooms; no
children; rent reasonable.'
SIXTH, 33V4— Furnl-hed sunny front suit; craT- '
. plete for housekeeping; rent $11.
SIXTH, AZC\i— Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let; double; In prl%-ate family; rent cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 3077. near Valencia— Two large
connecting rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
SIXTEENTH, 3148. near Valencia— 1 or 2 furl
nlshed room*, with kitchen: bath; reasonable.
STfcVENSON, 564—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; large back yard: $1C. .
SUTTER, 951 — Housekeeping rooms: two pleas-
ant sunny rooms; bath; gas range; reae.
SUTTER. 1105 — Nicely furnished front bay-win-
... dow room; running water, grate, closets; also
large rear room; convenient light houtekpg.
SUTTER. 1S0S — 2 newly-tinted, unfurnished;
gas, run, water, bath, phone; private- family.
• CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH nfflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. '•
APABTM_jrr HOUSES.
MONTCIiAIR APARTMENTS,
Corner Pine and Taylor sts. : beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON _ HOAG, 11« Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts — Modsrn 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premise*. 1 to 4; terms reas.
A— THE WILLARD,
Turk St.. nr. Gough;-2. 3, 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, with private baths and mod-
ern conveniences: open for Inspection 1 to 4;
also 912 Pine et.; Dhone Red 5430.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson »t.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now cpen; references.
3 FINE apartments at the Strathmore, 207
I.nrliin St.; 7 rooms and bath; moderate rent.
™ HADDON HALL. *
- 051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. '
ROOMS TO LET— Furit. and Unfnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL. '
.110 AND 117 EDDY ST. :
'115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN BVERY ROOM:
8UITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHON-
SOUTH 1041. ¦- • - " ' .
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, ~ew furniture: every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A 6-WINDOW corner suite, also .single; hand- '
somely furnished; absolutely first-class; run
all day; flno view: rate to tourists. NE.
corner Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to J5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason st.. bet. Geary and
Poet — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath: sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25e. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BRYANT. 456 — A furnished room to let.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY. 1028 — Large, sunny, furnished front
room, 1 or 2 persons; also single; $0 to $10.
CLIFFORD, 201 Ell'.s, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. -1255 — Sunny furnished' rooms,
single aud for housekeeping; reasonable. -
EDDY, 806. nr. Van Nfss — Nice sunny room, i
suitable for gentlemen; run. water; phone.
EIGHTEENTH, 3355— A furnished room to let.
suitable for dector or dentist; also single
rooms. : •
ELLIS, 1854 — Large sunny, furnished room; new-
flat; phone, ever}' convenience; $8. •
FRANKLIN, 721, nr.. G. : G. ave— Front room;
sunny; all conveniences; suitable for 2; reas.
GLEN PARK ave., 2C— One furnished room
to let.
. GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms SOc
to $1 CO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON, cr.l— Two newly furnished, sunny,
large front rooms. ¦..
HARRISON, 1110-^-Nice sunny room, suitable
. for lady or gent. . ,
HYDE. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front room.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. ¦ ' ,- , ,
LARKIN, 816 B— Small, light room, lanre hall,
closet, bath and phone; reasonable. '
MASON. 612." above Sutter— Nicely furnished
sunny room: suitable for. gentlemen.
MISSION. 1207.. top floor — Front room for 2;
price reasonable. . y- y . . . .
NINTH, 110 (Glllesple)— Nicety furnished room*
$1 CO to $2 50 per week: 50c to 75c per night.
O'FARRELL.' 730— Handsomely furnished,
large, sunny room; phone, bath; private fami-
ly; references. ¦ \ '¦ '. "~
PINE. 704— Furnished room; suitable for 1 or
2; one. $8; two. $7 CO.
PINE, 1076— Large furnished room, suitable for
lor 2; running water; reasonable. . . v .¦•
POLK. S23— Best furnished rooms in the city
for the money; single or en suite; everything
new and plenty of sunshine; terms very rea,-
- sonable; only- 10 minutes'; walk to ' Powell
and Market sts. . ¦ ¦ -».--¦¦¦
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suite fcr doctor or
dentist: also other furnished rooms. .- ;v v .
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light?,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
' lor: rooms per night, 35c to $150; week, $2
to $8; month.* $8 to $30;' elevator on' ground
.floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SIXTH. S2S-^-A newly and' nicely furnished
front: room with grate; also others. .
STEVENSON, 635— 2 ; sunny furnished room*
y f or gentlemen. , ¦ > -.¦'. ~ - '¦'-.'. -
SUTTER, 230— The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suits or single: $10 tip, .
TAYLOB. 615B — Handsome front parlor with
piano, bath. .gas; private. ¦ family. - ¦-.-¦•/ ._
.THE Preston, 247 Larkin— Elegant < rooms to
let; H 50 to $3 week. - - ;. . .- - ' -J ¦ .
THIRD, 17, ' next Examiner bldg— Two gunny
:.- furnished front rooms; < rent reasonable. -
_ HELP WASTED— -FEMALE— Cob.
WANTED— Young lady ss a ca-hler; must
have some experience and goal reference.
CaM at 5321 Mission at.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework: a
good home. Call 2270 Market St., bet. 35th
and 36th sts., Oakland, Cal.
FTVI3 first-class lady solicitors. Call Monday,
9 to 11 a. m.. room 7. Roycroft Hotel, cor.
Turk ana Leavenworth sts.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position by addressisg Immediately.
Box 4S0U. Call.
GIRL for general housework in family of 3;
short dirtance country; moderate wages.
Box 4S77, Call office.
LADIES— Most profitable, steady home work:
tt to fir, weekly: material free. Address
Surety company. Chicago.
YOUNG Kirl to take orders and keep plain
account* in plumbing shop; etate ago and
—age-. I^x 3793. Call office.
WANTED— A girl to do housework. Box 375T,
CaM office.
NTAT Protestant girl; housework, cooking:
family of _; washing out: $20. 2224 Jackson.
WANTED — A —oman to do house cleaning
and washing on Monday. 1386 San Bruno ave.
WANTED — Woman for one day to do ho'Jse-
r.ork. Monday at 16KS Fcrty-ninth are.
A YOUNG rirl to learn dressmaking at MRS.
NELSOX'ti. 1017 Geary st.
• WANTED— Exp-ri»n7ed ekirt hands. CaU
| Sunday. l«;i5A Ciay st.
J WANTED — A rclddle-aged woman to do house*-
j work; sleep home. _<?17 Sacramento «t.
mm
1 Ay TS cr>erafor. 876 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED arra. waitress wanted; good
j pay. 6-"l Clay n.
WANTED — Two experienced girli ; fxtra work;
canfiy store. PARRY'S. 1S04 Market st.
GIRLS to run foot-power Singer sewing ma-
chines. E. H. LEVY. 513 Market it.
WANTED — Good seamstrestt on shirt waists.
131 Post st.. room 14.
WOMAN wanted for cleaning. Box 317S»,
Call office.
YOUNG lady for light rrorlc in office-; refer-
ences; call Monday. 473 Valencia st.
GIRL for laboratory work. 2304 Van Ness ave.
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sutter
street.
APPRENTICES nn vests; paid. 230T4 Ninth
tt.. opp. Clementina.
WANTED — German girl fr.r upstairs work and
care of baby: wages $20 to $25. CaJl 9 to
10:30 a. m.. P17 Buena Vista ave.; Haight-
fct. car, get off at Central ave.
WANTED- Woman to do general housework.
Apply 440^ Seccr.d st. .
GIRL to assist with general housework. Apply
20 -Hill st.
A YOUNG lady to learn the removal of super-
fluous hair to be assistant to a doctor. 1170
Market st.. rooms 25 and 29. from 1 to 4
P- m. :
WANTED — Experienced notion and lace sales-
woman. Apply between 9 end 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlis
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH nfflce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisement* and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market »t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p.. ro.
HELP WANTED — .MALES.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-C3G Clay st.
Phone Main CMS.
Leading Emplovment and Labor Agents.
1902 W« gave JftfB We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 80,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA. Close to PRESCOTT.
Boss here. PANTRYMAN $40 and found.
FOREMAN. ORCHARD VINEYARD.
GOOD WAGES FOR Al MAN.
Painter, ktriper, etc.. city.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN.
MAN and WIFE. cook, mine town. $50 fd.
2 lumber graders. bo«s here. $75.
Man and wife, ranch. $;>5 and found.
Tinsmith ci;y: carriage trimmer.
LOOK. BOSS HERE.
Pantryman, also bell boy. $40. $15 and fd.
Choreman, private residence. $.",5 and found.
LOOK. BOSS HERE.
Man and' wife, man as choreman, wife aa
waitress at mine.
MURRAY £: READY. C54-63G Ciay st. !
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. '<
Z.20 — Sacramento st. — 52<>.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leid-sdorff st.
15 teaxnsfn 1 . north half fare.
COAL MINEP.3. NEW ilEXICO.
Company v.ork: drive In mine, track
and timber work. $3 day, and contract work.
New Mexico; 3 farmers; 5 woodchoppers, $4
cord, boss here: "'» tiemakrrs, Oc to ISsc tie;
cook, country hotel. siO f d. : R. R. tunnel
foreman. S120; biacksmlth helper, country
shop, $23 fd.
i A MAN ar.d wife for a private family in
rtuntry, e:e lady here Monday morning;
aUo a man and wife for indocr s?rvlee in
private ' family, man as butler, woman as
cook, wages $iiO, references necessary. MISS
PLUNKETT, 4_5 Sutter St.. near Powell.
AN En_!!rh butler, 3 years' city references, I
wants a place. Send letters to MISS PLl'N- ;
KETT*S Registry. 425 Sutter st., nr. Powell.
ANDRES office. 317 Stcckton st. — Cooks. I
waiters, kitchen hands, bellboys, butler, gar-
dener, broiler, $15 a week; waiter, $10 50 a \
week; choreman. $20, etc.
V.'AXTCD — Specialty salesman; we have two |
escepticnally good positions open for balance
cf year and all of 1804; salesmanship, energy j
and a clean record required; general mer- ]
chandiBe trade; high commission contract, j
with $25 — eekly advance while traveling. I
W. E. HODGMAN & CO.. 90-90 Prcspect St., I
; Cleveland, O.
j A TOl'XG man from 17 to 20 year.- of age as
office aE<!stant in wholesale house; rapid,
legible handwritinc and accuracy at figures
required; ttate age, experience and salary
expected. Address box 4878, Call.
TRAVELING salesman for California; no
technical knowledge, but active, all-round
huetl»r: ertabilphed, well-rated house. F. R.
JENNINGS, sales manager, Detroit. Mich.
WANTED — Fifty young men to qualify In
standard rule*, tor positions, railroad train
*ervice, brakemen. firemen, etc.; terms for
stamp. T. R. LINDSAY, eupt.. 5341 Good-
fellow place. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — First-clas* salesman: experienced
man preferred, to sell whips on commission
or salary: ir.u-t have Al references. UNDER-
WOOD WHIP COMPANY. Sidney, Ohio.
OFFICE man; salary and cemmis-ion will net
$40C0 a year: $1000 cash required: 'monev se-
cured. ABBOTT CO.. 3S1 Wabash ave.,
Chicago.
WANTED — Kteaily. honort man for outside
w rk; eom» collecting: salary $12: permanent '
rcsltlon: $200 required. Apply Monday, room i
8. IS Montgomery ct.
WANTED — Everywhere, hustlers to tack sicrs*.
distribute circular*,* ramrtle-. «-U\ ; no can-
vRssing: good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau.
Chicago.
WH paid one salesman In January nf this year
£801 cormnlrslon for telling Weir's lead:
pocket FnmpK Address D. T. WEIR WHITE
LEAD CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
STEADY reliable man wanted for office; no
enpc-rlenc-e necessary; pocd wages: email cap-
ital required. Call Sunday, MK)7 1 i Market
Bt., room J.
WANTED — Experienced traveling Fale5man for
California; contract for balance of th'9 year
and next. Drawer P, Chicago.
LIVE agents to sell family records, memorials
and other fast selling pictures; liberal terms.
Standard Picture Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
BOY wanted — C25 Kearny at.
BRIGHT bey of neat appearance for whole-
Rale hardware house. Box 4872, Call office.
OFFICE boy, wholesale house: hours 7 to 6;
rive age and wages. Box 37C6, Call.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; erood salary; r.o
experience. Int'l Detec. Agcy.. Milwaukee.
FIRST-CLASS printing- italesman wanted
MYSELL-P.OLLINS CO.,' 22 Clay st.
WANTED — Printer to run • small Job office on
per cent; everything new. ' CO Thirteenth st.
WANTED— An Al book salesman. Box 34C9,
Call office.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, white
American men, 18 to 21 years. Box 2099,. Call.
WANTED— A man for sticker and general ma-
chine work. 417 Shotwell Et.
TYPE distributer for lob office; state experi-
ence and wages wanted. Box- 3722. Call.
CHANCE for cood doctor to make big money.
Particular., box 4304. Call. -
WANTED — Good barber fcr Grass Valley. In-
qnlre by letter, box 474. Grass Valley. C-l.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter wanted., 162 Ea-t
st; call early; wares $12.
PORTER wanted. 31 Fifth St. ¦
ROOMS TO LET— -Fora, and Pnfarn.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas) and running water in
every room: elevator, parlor, reading-room;
free bus: baggage. ___
VALLEJO, HIS, phone Sutro 401S— 3 unfur-
nished rooms; use of bath; 4 closets.
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome sunny furnished
i suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
ASH ave.. 593— Unfurnished front room, closet:
and grate; carpet; $5. ' <
BARCELONA. 797. O'Farrell st.— Sunny alcove
rooms. ; gas grate :\runnlng water: rea-onab'.e.
BUSH. 102s— Sunny rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH. 1030— Private family; low rate for per-
manent roomer. ¦ \____'
BUSH. 1841 — Sunny room: running water,
bath; one of two gentlemen.
BUSH. 1376 — Nice sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished; reasonable to gents; quiet: homelike.
BUSH. 1412— Two single furnished rooms for
gents. ,
BUSH. 1423C— Single room, suitable for gen-
tleman.
; BUSH. 1424 — Nice sunny furnished front room
to let. * •
BUSH, .1633 — Hsndsomely furnished sunny
rooms; running water: bath; electric light-;
private family; new f.at: phone Larkin _SJi>. |
CALIFORNIA; 1252. n»ar Jones— F'.eganlly fur- |
nlshed parlors and other rooms In new sunny
upper flat; run. water, fras, bath, phone; refs.
CENTRAL ave.. 544 — An English lady has one I
or two nice rooms, suitable for a quiet couple
or. friends; no children; light housekeeping
permitted; reasonable. Call afternoon or eve.
DALE place, 5, off Golden Gate ave., near
Hyde — Sunny front room, furnished.
DEVISADERO. S20— Front room, bay window.
EDDY, 42S — Fine front and back parlir; also •
single room, suitable for two; no children;
reference. Call In afternoon.
EDDY. 511— Large sunny room, all n-wly fur-
nished and papered; hot and cold water: phone i
and bath; either sleeping-room or housekplng. j
EDDY, 806— Eleeant front parlor suite; run-
ning water; phone; close to town. ¦
EIGHTH, 104 — Parlor floor, complete for
housekeeping; other sunny rooms.
EIGHTH. 112 — Comfortably furnished room and
bath; phone, gas.
EIGHTH. 114— Furnished rccms to let.
EIGHTH. 120A — A large furnished room for
one cr two men; price reasonable.
EIGHTH, 142 — Well furnished rooms for •
gentlemen: bath, running water ;gas;clo»e in.
i EIGHTH. 209— Sunny front room for 2 gentle-
men; hot and cold water.
EIGHTH, 250— Large sunny front room: gas,
bath. ; '
; ELLI8, 599— Pleasant sunny room for gentle-
man; private family.'
ELLIS, 611— Large and nicely furnished front
room for one or two gentlemen.
' ELLIS, 613— Nicely furnished front salt, sult-
! able for two gentlemen.
J ELLIS. 650 — Largo sunny fron,t bay-window
room' for two.
ELLIS, 6S3— Single front unfurnished room;
running water.
ELLIS, 711 — Sunny outside rooms.
ELLIS, 821 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms;
quiet and clean.
ELLIS. 825-^-Sunny furnished front rooms .
ELLIS, 843— Large front parlor; bay window;
for 1 or 2. . "
ELLIS. 8C9 — Two well-furnished rooms, double
and single; bath, phone; reasonable.
' FILLMORE, 1007. cor. McAllister— Handsomely
I furnished front rooms: single or en suite; for
gentlemen; sun all Hay; electricity and gas;
running water, telephone; all the comforts of
home; call from 10 a. m. to 4 p.m.
FOLSOM. 2873 — Mission warm belt; furnished
rocms. $1 75. $2 and $3 week; beard optional.
GROVE. 100 — Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, suitable for two; also, single: quiet.
GROVE, 120— Small furnished rcom.
GROVE. 159 — A large sunny front room, fur-
; . nlshed : reasonable.
GOUGH, 1237 — Handsomely furnished rocms in
a quiet home for two or three gentlemen.
GOUGH, 1301— Handsomely -furolched sunny
rooms; running water, baths; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Seventh and Mission —
10O rooms; 35c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $7 wk.
GUERRERO. 6S7: phone Church 434G — Two
pleesant sunay rooms, suite or single; run-
ning water, bath and phone.
! HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites, single,
transient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk. and
Taylor sta. ' ¦ ¦ . .
HOTEL St. Clement. 271 Fourth — S'ew house;
elegant 6ultes, single; elevator; electric lights.
HOWARD. 22S3. near Nineteenth — A large un-
furnished room: bath connecting; price $7.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly reno-
vated; 25c and 50c per night; $1 50 to $2 a
week. . ¦ "
HYDE. 813 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
running water: private family: modern.
HYDE. 815 — Sunny room, well furnished; rea-
sonable; good value.
JACKSON, 1513 — Large sunny room for gen-
¦ tlemcn; reasonable. ¦
JACKSON. 1519 — Furnished room, with house-
keeplng privileges.
KEARNY, 10— Large parlor, furnished: elec-
tric lights, heat; seats 200; suitable for la-
dles' club lecture' or physical culture (even-
ings). x
¦ ¦
LARKIN. 852— Furnished rcom to let. -
LARKIN, 017 — Nicely furnished, very sunny
rooms; grates, gas range, bath.
LARKIN. 1C06 — Sunny front room; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1015H — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms; prices reasonable.
LARKIN. 1019 — Handsomely furnished sunny
room; large room; running Water.
LARKIN.: 1023 — Large sunny front room; hot
and cold water; gentleman-^
LARKIn7~1C54— Nlc»ly furnished room, suit-
able for two; gas, bath; private family.
LARKIN/ 1058 — Sunny front rooms for gentle-
men.
LEAVENWORTH. WK — One room; light;
sunny; rent' reasonable, y! -
LEAVENWORTH. SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms,
furnished: reasonable; references.
MOZART. C21 Ellis — Furnished rooms, 33c to
$1 50 day; $1 50 to $6 wetk; open all night;
phone. - ' .
O'FARRELL. 811 — Nicely furnished [ front
room; bath; gas; reasonable.- ¦
O'FARRELL. 81$ — Large sunny room, run-
ning water; also single room, can, accommo-
date two. - V -*** • .
O'FARRELL, 823 — Large room; private family;
housekeeping. '- ¦ ¦¦
O'FARRELL, 828 — Front and back parlor or
hall room; neatly furnished.
O'FARRELL, 830 — Sunny room; running water
¦and very. large room.
O'FARRELL, 834 — A neatly furnished room for
one or two gentlemen. . )
O'FARRELL, 836 — Large sunny . rooms, with
running water and grate; other* rooms; reas.
O'FARRELL. 843 — Newly furnished sunny
front rocms. suitable for two.
O'FARRELL. SCO— Nice comfortable room for
a gentleman: running-^water; closet.
O'FARRELL. 900 — Sunny furnished corner
room for one or two.
O'FARRELL, 913 — Nicely furnished front bay-
-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen: reas.
O'FARRELL. 01S — Sunny rooms, reasonable;
private family; references.
O'FARRELL. 820 — Sunny floor of 3 unfur-
nished rooms; very desirable; best location In
city.
O'FARRELL. 933 — Large aunny room: 1 or 2
gentlemen; gag, bath; private family.
O'FARRELL. 925— Large elegantly furnished
room suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; walking
distance. % • ¦
PINE. 760, east of Powell— Elegantly furnished
suite of parlors; running water, bath and
phone: in newly furnished flat; suitable for
man . and wife or 2 jeentlemen; also other
" rooms; must be seen to be appreciated. <
POST. 1359-~Laj-ge sunny room for 1 or 2 per-
sons; gas, bath; reasonable.
POLK. 823 — NJcely - furnished. - Urge, front,
sunny room, suitable for 2; gits, bath; reas.
POLK. 82T — A' sunny front suite. ¦ '
BUTTER.' 943— New, sunny front suits with
hath; references. • • ¦¦• .
BUTTER, 961— Nlctly furnished room*.
HELP WASTED—. ¦MALE^-CowtliineJ.
LUNCH man at 38 Sixth sL: .' ' ' : -' ,
BOYS' and children's clothing salesman. S. N.
WOOD _ CO.
WANTED — Experienced packer and crater. Ap-
ply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13,000
appointments last year; chancea even better
now: examinations In every State: thousands
prepared by the Nat'l Correspondence Insti-
tute, Washington, D. C. the originators of
this worst, are now in the service; write for
circular J-l, showing positions, salaries, ex-
aminations, sample questions, etc., to our
Pacific Ccast office, 927 Market St., S. F.
A— L L
Men to leftm the barber trade In two months
ond secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLHH System
College. 635 Clay st. ¦
BARBERS— Special meeting MONDAY. Dec.
14. Nomination of officers for the ensuing
term will be made, j All should be present.
By order of the. union. '
J. R. BLIELY. Secretary.
UNCLE SAM —ants help; 14.000 nppo!r.tm_nts
last year: free examination paper and cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q.
Western Correspondence University, San
Francisco. ' -
WANTED— Thoroughly reliable young man
for clerical work and collect Ins; bonds and
references required; sa'ary $40. Bex 4RC*.
Call office. ¦ ¦¦ .
TRY cur men's shoes, union made.' at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoe-. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fifth floor, 305 Larkin St.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc;
day or evenings.
A MAN of indomitable energy and pusb. a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott building. _
YOUNG rr.an stenographer, bright, capable,
with experience: references and salary ex-
tectcd. Bex 204S. Call office. '
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing mother, cr come home. -.
WANTED— Experienced grocery and liquor so-
Hctor for family trade. Apply E. BEARDS-
LEY. 1126 Clay St.. Oakland. j__
2-CHAIR barber shop for sals; party leaving
city. Call 647 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale to-day; $45; rent paid.
1136i 3 Folscm s^ ¦
WANTED — Good meat cook with references.
Box 4S64. Call office. - '. .
MUSICIANS to join military tand. S28 Bush
st.. third flcor, room 4. j*
WANTED — Young man who Is experienced In
men's furni«hlngs. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young mnn whc» Is an experienced
bundle wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m at HALE BROS.'
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
roled when you can set It done for. 25c. 50a
and 60c while you wait at 5G3 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED— For U. S. Marina Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
rood character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
Inland possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flce, 40 EUis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not satisfied with your salary, we
have an opening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. 6Ulte 19. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN, VAIL - CO..
741 Market st.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon; positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker: no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
Rddf>d ICO new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form el-.ces at $2 50; we pay
txpre&s or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
i FeNSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
; persons for .whom I have secured pensions.
| FOR rale — Cheap, 2 barber chairs, 2 mirrors
and pcle. etc. Apply :»?;'_. Seventh Bt.
j FOR sale — Barber shop; bargain. 2U21 Ala-
; meda ave.. Alaroeda.
! MEN to Irarn barber trade: catalogue mailed.
! S. F. Earber School. 741A Howard >L
PENSION otty.. E. A. Bulli*. room 40. Phelan
i bide. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat.G.A.R.
I McDONALD - PERRY have a lanre stock of
j new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
I SEAMEN fcr Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7(K) rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been c2-ned at 1C0S Market »t.. opposjts
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
J ALL pizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
! price. .'.C3 Mission st.. tet. 1st and 2d sts.
! GET your sheen half roled while wattlns: 25o
: to TtOr. fier; Mls-lon st.. bet. ls_ and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
SELLING out at avc-tion. 43 horses, over ICO
j atvies of wagonF nurreys. buggies, carts and
: harness nt 1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday. De-
; cember IE, 11 a. m. . ¦ '
i FOR sale — An elegant two-seated rig in excel-
I lent condition; no reasonable offer refused.
; Box 4SG5, Call office.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
HIGHEST prices paid for chickens, feed, horses
at 1015 Folsom St.; tel. Jessie 2416. ¦
FOR ' sale^ — Low-eet wagon, suitable for car-
penter. 813 Howard st.
PIANO box buggy, with top; good ' as new.
343 Dore «t. •
FOR sale — .Handsome trap cheap. Address
box 3759, Call office.
FOR tale^ — 3 young horses; single or double.
Apply 909 York tt.
MUST be sold at sacrifice; 6 good horses.
327 Sixth tt.
Al EXPRESS wagon, licht camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hamess. work. driving horses. 15th-Valencia
J ROOJ»IS_FOR^HOUSEKKEPISG.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments, 1340 Plne^sT?
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits: $30 up;
•team heated, electric lighted; free bath. -
' EDDY, 207 — Sunny front rocms and others for
; housekeeping, for gentlemen and families.
FIRST, 230, near Howard — 4 or B housekeep-
ing rooms; central location; rent low.
GEARY. I93.*i— $18; adults; 4 com. rooms; 2
beds, bath, toilet, stoves, coal and gas stove-.
GOLDEN GATE. "~2 — Furnished very 'large
front basement; housekeeping for bachelor, i
HAIGHT, 234— Two, three, or four eunny
housekeeping rooms;, corner view.
HOWARD. 1310— Single and housekeeping
rooms, nicely furnlsned and 'sunny; reason-
able.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front suite and kitchen
$20: ranee: bath; adults. - . - . '
MARKET, 1597— Sunny furnished room, with
use of kitchen.
MCALLISTER, 30— Large front sunny bay-
window room for h<yjsekeeplng;runnlng water.
MrALLISTER. CS3— 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; private family; reasonable. -
MCALLISTER. 1247— Two or three furnished
rooms, with use of kitchen.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton st.— Newly fur-
nished rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas. phone. '
NINTH. 157—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, ntce-
ly furnished. . •
OAK, 117— Sunny suite and single; complete
for housekeeping; adults; $1 25 to S3 week.
O'FARRELL, 91S— Sunny handsomely furnlsh"-
fed parlor floor of 4 rocms.
SACRAMENTO. 1490— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; gas and running water; no children.
SOUTH PAP.K. 84 — Large • sunny front room;
convenient for housekeeping; gas. . ;_. .;.
SUTTER. 1808— Two newly tinted unfurnished;
gas, running water, phone, bath; private
family. .. . . . .
EliTTEn, 2372—2 to B furnished rooms for
housekeeping; large, sunny; convenient,
central. . , • . ......'., „ . : ; - ; ¦
TEHAMA. 82ft— Nice, sunny, large housekeep-
ing room; stationary wash tubs; rent reason-
able. . . ,
TENTH, ' 14© — One cozy ' light housekeeping
room; folding bed, gas stove, bathroom, etc.;
private. /". .- • •> ,.: ¦ _ = y \ y» . . ¦. V
VAN NESS ave., ; 807— Cozy housekeeping
rooms for a couple; also sl__Z* roam.', :
ROOMS FOR nOCSEKKEPIXG— Con.
VAN NESS ave.. TOG — Two sunny front rooms;
" 'el-6 front basement suite " and kitchen;
i reasonable.
FELL, 376 — Three rooms, neatly furnished, in
i ; sunny top flat: gas range, bath; adults.
FIFTH. 264, cor. Clementina— Unfurnished _
large clean connected rooms, with stove;
sink: porch.
FILBERT, S26 — 2 light housekeeping rooms;
rent $11: every convenience; no children.
FIRST, 230, near Howard — I or 6 pleasant
rooms for housekeeping; .business center;
rent cheap. :
FOLSOM, S34— Sunny bay-window rooms and
Kitchen; bath, gas; two. together or separate. I
FOLSOM. RC.1 — Large sunny bedroom, adjoin-
ing kitchen: yard; comolete housekeeping.
FOLSOM, STO, near Fifth — Sunny rooms:
housekeeping: newly furnished; $2 BO per
week. Call Sunday, after that evenings.
FOLSOM. 1057—2 sunny hous«k»eplng rooms.
$12; larg» front room, housekeeping. $0.
FOURTEENTH, 72, near Folsom — Nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
FRANKLIN. 321 — 2 sunny connecting rooms.
i well furnished: gaF, bath; folding bedf ad-
ult-; $20. ¦: '
GEARY, 402—3 front connecting housekeeping
rooms; suitable tir 3; gas range; running
water.
GEARY, C4S— 1, 2 or 3 rooms for light house-
keeping: private; adults. '
GEARY. Cr>7 — Sunny furnished rooms; single,
suite and housekeeping ; kitchen; reasonable.
GEARY, 677— New and nlrely furnished house-
keeping room*; ess ransc; reasonable.
GHARY, 777— Very larg- sunny roomi gas
range, closet, running water: $1?.
GEARY, S2S — Handsomely furnished front
rocm, $15; two rooms, well furnished. «1S.
GEARY, 87S-— Sunr.y basement of 4 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, $20; 2 sunny back
rooms, $15. .
GEARY. P25 — Two sunny furnlehed rooms for
housekeeping; *as range; $20.
GEARY. 18S1 — 3-room apartment, newly fur-
nished, complete for housekeeping; closets,
lavatory, pantry, gas range; hot water, bath;
adults; permanent.
GEARY. 1417— Beautiful eunny parlor suit,
complete for light housekeeping. ¦
GEARY. 1827 — 4 large nicely furnished rooms;
piano; bath; private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 414 — Housekeeping and
other rooms. Call 2 to 4 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 507—3 nicely fur. basn-
ment rms.; gas range, yard; com, hkg.; cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 620— Furnished back
parlor, with use of kltcben. $12.
(3OLDEN GATE ave., 633 — Housekeeping, one
large front: running water; $13 50; 1 sunny,
$11; 2 single. $5 and $6. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1202— Sunny front al-
cove eult-: connecting kitchen; running wa-
ter; gas range. ¦ .
GOUGH, 137, near Oak — 2 sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping: private family.
GOUGH. 215 — Two sunny unfurnished rooms;
gat, bath, laundry.
GOUGH, 6G3. near McAllister — Large sunny
front carlor and kltcben, newly furnished;
others.
GOUGH; 1133 — 3 unfurnished rooms, regular
kitchen; gas range; in new flat; rent, rea-
sonable. ¦
GROVE, 2 — 2 housekeeping rooms; gas range;
eunny; central; $3 75 week.
GROVE. 100, comer Van Ness ave.— Nicely
fum. 3-room suit: housekeeping; adults; $20.
GROVE, 8G0, cor. Flllmcre — 2 large sunny
front furnished and unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms: gas range; bath; running water;
rent reasonable.
GUERRERO, 329 — $11: sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas etove, bath, waehrro, yrd.
GUERRERO, 54S— 2 housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
GUERRERO. 1151— Rooms for families, turn,
and urifurn.: baths, pianos, .porch; $10 to $22.
HAIGHT, 17S7, near Park — Unfurnished parlors
and small room; light housekeeping; Jl>.
HARRISON. 750— A sunny front or back parlor
for light housekeeping; cheap: large yard.
HARRJSON, fCO',2— Nicely furnished front
housekeeping rocm. $2 25 week; also small
room. SI week.
HAYES. 481— Newly furnished room for 2 gen-
tlemen or young couple; bath and gas; prlv.
HAYES. e2» J -Two -.furnlh-rd housekeeping
rooms; gas bath, phone; references.
HAYES, 854 — Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping conveniences: rent $14. ;
HOWARD. 027B — Nice front' suit; gas range;
bath and phone; rent $18; no other roomers.
| HOWARD. OSS— Large sunny room; 3 closet*.
stove, running water, folding bed, dishes; $10.
HOWARD, 112C — Front -sunny double rooms;
running water; gas or coal range.
HOWARD, 1310 — Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms and • single room. '
HOWARD. 2400, cor. 20th — Two lame eunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; large garden;
no children. .
HYDE, G',i— Two sunny front housekeeping
rooms; gas stove and folding-bed.
HYDE, 408 — Two sunnr rear basement rooms;
yard and laundry; $14. _
LAGUNA, 410— 2, 3 or 4 sunny well furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; all conveniences.
LAGUNA, 630 near Tayes— Front unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; sunny; running water.
LAGUNA. 715 — Two nanny front parlors, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; gas range,
grate; reasonable.
LAGUNA. 1743, between Sutter and Bush — 3
or 4 larce unfurnished rooms; bath; private
family. .
LARKIN, 433 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
LARKIN. C13 — .1 laree front sunny rooms; gas
grate and telephone. $22 50. -
' LARKIN, 70C— Large light eunny front room
and kitchen; gas and coal stoves; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Nicely furnished par-
lor floor of 3 rooms for housekeeping; central.
LEAVENWORTH. 1007— Two sunny and well
furnished eultes with kitchens; also large |
alcove.
LEAVENWORTH, 111C — Two nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas range, phone;
yard: $14.
LEAVENWORTH, 1117 — Two rooms; sunny,
well furnished: reasonable.
LIBERTY. 37 — '2 choice sunny front . rooms,
with kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
bath, gas, phone: Mission warm belt.
MASON, 406— Sunny housekeeping mite; $8;
single room, $t?.
MCALLISTER. 633 — 3 nicely ; furnished rooms
for housekeeping in a private family.
¦Mc\LLISTER, 7S)O — Large sunny front room:
bath attached; kitchen, with gas stove; all
.newly furnished. ¦
MCALLISTER, 797— Suite finely furnished; for
couple or two geats; eunny: modern flat;
piano; phone. - '¦ ¦' ' "' '
MCALLISTER. 860—1 or 2 furnished rooms;
bath, gas, phone; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. DOS— Sunny front carlor. ele-
gantly furnished, with kitchen; all convenl-
ences.
MCALLISTER, 037. lower flat— Three partly
furnished rooms; gas stove; $15.
MCALLISTER. t<sn — Sunny front comer parlor
suite, complete for housekeeping; gas range;
yard; no children: $19.
lOOlA— Large sunny front
room, nicely furnished or unfurnished; use
of kitchen; $12.
MCALLISTER, 1051. near Panhandle— Nicely
furnished room.
MCALLISTER. 1290. corner Stelner— 2 or 3
• furnished housekeeping rooms. ¦ ¦
MCALLISTER. 1392—3 sunny unfurnished car-
peted rooms: gas range; alsa furnished room.
MINNA, 408 — Furnished housekeeping- rooms,
complete; every convenience;; kitchen con-
nectlng: single rooms. }-<j
MINN'A, 573, near Seventh— Sunny yard, kitch-
en, back parlor, complete; large front rooms
S for light housekeeping. ¦ .;; .
MISSION, 2752, near Twenty-third— Large
front sunny bay-window room; water, grate;
with connecting room;, stove; complete for
'.'housekeeping.- " . ' "
MISSION, 3191 — Wanted, . couple to take part
' of flat, unfurnished. ' or 2-«or . 8 rooms .¦ fur-
' nlshed. -for housekeeping; rent not over $15.
. Call Monday and Tuesday.
MISSION.' 1212— 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
.. rooms;: housekeeping; walking distance.
MISSION, 1917— Two \ or three sunny house-
. keeping rooms; large porch; gas .or coal
range.,':', ... '. • ¦"' ¦' ' : !¦ l ¦¦+-.' .*' r >- "
MODEL HOUSE. 1208 Stockton — Newly fur-
nlshed ] rooms; also housekeeping; gas, bath.
NATOMA, 246— Houseksepins " and sing-la
'-¦ roomt . ¦¦¦ ¦"--•;¦-•- ' '. 'yv ¦:"-•¦ . y/; ' ". -',.'
NATOMA j 645— 2 large sunny rooms, furnished
com_lct« for housekeeping; $lJ- : ' (United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Kranclsco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE. — The high and low waters occur at
the city frcnt (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
Halght street. 55 E of Octavla. E BO 6y N 120.
E and Mary A. Williams to Ella H.
Ar J n°o S Id Ph lct on NW ««rofPtae«* Buchan
"VrXVc/a^d^rry^KaS to John, and
Ma7y Pe-a lot on N line of Eddy street. 25 W
y o?L 7 o 5 u.,*) 10 to Alice A. Arm
• tronr (wife of S. C). lot on SE corner of
Gea?y and Broderlck streets. E 25 by S 02:6;
810 ;
8oth!e SUnson to Fannie J. and Ida M. Stln
f,on. lot on N line of Washington street. 81 :S
E of Lyon.E 23 by N 102:SVi: also lot on N
line of Wnshlngton street, 10ii:Z% E of Lycn,
W O-0-V N 102:SVi. SE to beginning: also lot
en a' line of Thirty-second avenue. 100 E of I
etreet. E 60 by 8 100. lots 19 and 20, block 559,
Bay Park Homestead Association and lot In
Lone Mountain Cemetery; gift.
George Stlerlen Company (a corporation) to
Stella H. Clay (wife of J. Frederic), lot on W
line of Masonic avenue, 168:9 N of Frederick
street. N 2:» by W 106:3: *10.
. Patrick J. and Ros-; M. Kennedy and George
and Wllhelmlne Alpers to Albert Meyer, 1 lot on
NE, corner of Twentieth and Guerrero streets,
N 57 by E 75: »10. .. .
Patrick Routke to Charles and Margaret von
der Kuhlen. lot' on W- line of Eureka street,
225 8 of Eighteenth. S CO by W 125; $10.
. James M. and Hannah Curtln ' to ¦ Belinda
Newsom (wife of William A.).- lot on E line of
Douglass atreet, 64 N of Jersey, N 25 by E
125; $10. .
Joseph H. Phelp* to Pauline Uart. undivided
Vt of . lot on NE corner of Leavenw.orth and
Vallejo streets. E 25 by N 109:6; gift.
EHa • D.V and Geneva Cohen to George M.
Mitchell. rerecOrd 2025 D. 247 of lot on NW line
of Folsom street, 147:6 NE of Sixth, NE 10 by
NW 80; quitclaim deed; $10. -, •¦„• . ¦,
George E. and Emmellne It. Bates to Valen
tine and Elizabeth King, lot on E line of Mis
sissippi street. 125 N of Twenty-third. E 100, N
22:3, W = to potnt 182:3 N of, Twenty-third,: S
57:3: $10. < •
William and Isabella M. Romalne to Patrick
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J Saturday, December 12.
y Etmr Signal, Bendegard,' Coos Bay. -
Stmr. Homer, Donaldson, -, San • Pedro.
Btmr City of Para, Zeeder, Panama, etc. .
Stmr.GlDsy,' Inland, Santa Crus.
Stmr. Pomona,, Swanson, Eureka,.
Stmr .China, . Frlele, Yokohama . and Hong
kong, via Honolulu. .
Stmr Queen, Cousins.' Victoria and" Port
Townsend. HnHMBBftnaBMi
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Saturday, December 12.
Etmr Gipsy, Leland, 7 hours from Ames
?°Hf'rnr Sant: Crvs, Alberts, 36 hours from
Monterey.- „ _.
Stniv Noyo, Ellefsen. 15 hours from Fort
- Stmr Nome City, Moore. S3 houm from Port
land, via Astoria CO hours.
. Stmr Gualala, Hansen, 20 hours from West
port. " '
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, 35 hours from
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. 5 days- from Port
land, via Coca Bay: 3 days, via Eureka, 22
hours. • .
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 40 hours from
San Pedro. . • ' ¦
Br stmr Doric. Smith, 28 days 16 hours 4S
mln from ¦ Hongkong, via - Yokohama 17 days
7 hours 33 mln, via Honolulu 5 days 16 hours
51 rcin. -
Schr Newark, Relnertsen, 11 hours from
Stewart* Point. . ¦- > ¦
Schr Sailor Boy, Olsen, 7»4 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 12.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka; The .Chas
Nelson Co. : *¦ . . '
Stmr -Queen, Cousins.- Victoria- and : Port
Townsend: Pacific- Coast- Steamship Co. . .
• Stmr China, ¦ Frlele. • Hongkong- and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr City of Para, - Zeeder, Panama and
way ports;; Pacific Mall Steamship Co. ,
Stmr Ged W Elder, 1 Randall, Astoria; - Ore
ijon Railroad' and' Nav" Co." . :
Sal stmr Yzalco, Miller. Acajutla; E llejla.
The steamer China railed yesterday for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Yokohama with an as
serted merchandise cargo valued at $229,027,
exclusive of treasure, and distributed as fol
lows: For Honolulu,' $1174; Japan, <73 .•?5'»-
China. $114.C!7: Philippine Islands. $37',8«4:
East Indies. $1157; Korea, $553. .The leading
exports were r.s follows: ¦
To Japan — oOO bbls flour, CS21 lbs ugar, 3311
cs assorted canned goods, 7 pkes fresh fruits
25 cs whisky, r>15 gals wine. 1716 lb* meals
1245 lbs 1 cs dried fruit, 1130 lbs raisins, 03(i
lbs cheese. 1962 lbs butter. 4402 lbs ham and
bacon. 102 bales hay. ' COO lbs abalone meat 8
pkgs groceries and 1850 lbs oats
240 lbs bread. 25 cs liquors. 312 lbs coffee, 600
lbs lard. 130 lbs hops, 101 cs table preparations,
-143 rolls 7 cs leather, 60 flasks quicksilver. II
pkss machinery. G cs rubber goods. - 20 reels
wire rope, 80 pksrs bicycles and sundries, 8 cs
blasting caps, 20 cs Bteel, 23 pkgs electrical sup.
pile?. 317 bales cotton, 2000 lbs tanbark, ; 46
cs varnieh. ,.
To China — 7045 bbls flour. 13.700 . lbs beans
2457 cs canned goods. 279 pkgs fresh fruits,
15.220 lbs bread, 18.060 lbs 10 pkgs dried fruit
050 lbs raisins, !)S04 lbs ham and bacon C016
lbs cheese. 10.838 lbs dried fish. 1152 lbs choco
late. ir>CO lbs sugar. 268 gain wine, 40 pkgs
paste. 5450 lbs codfish. 3060 lbs hops, COO lbs.
peas. 3730 lbs ginseng. : 7390 lbs meals, : 142 cs
table preparations. 79 r»kt;s groceries and pro
visions. C40 lbs oatn. 500 lbs tapioca. 480 lbs
lard, 3000 lbs sa't. 26 cs pepper. 5000 lbs rice
245 . casks . beer. ?SCO lbs Dearl barley,' 185 cs
cigarettes. 20 pkgs bicycles and sundries. 4 cs
shoes. 1041 lbs shot. 26 bxs soap, 5 rolls leather,
6. pkgs electrical supplies, .40. pkgs machinery.
33«.150 lbs pi* lead. 12 cs cartridges., f-' f-
To Philippine Islands— 17.400 lbs lard.; 1710
cs canned goods. 4711 lbs ham, 3530 lbs glu
cose, 2550 crts potatoes, 35 ca table prepara-
Merchandise for the Orient.
8AN FRANCISCO BAY— CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that a fixed white
light will be maintained each night by Hhe
contractors en the capsized barge moored over
Bloseom Rock. San Francisco Bay, California
The barge will be raised as soon as practicable
By order of tin Lishthotree Board
J. B. MILTON. Commander, U. S. N
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
The British shlo General Gordon is chartered
for merchar-diEe to Melbourne direct (lump
sum). The bark Roderick Dhu returns to Hilo
and the bark Edward May to Makawell with
general cargo. ¦•- ;
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrojrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franclaco, Cal.,
December 12.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bulldlns was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13.
Sun- rises 7:18
Sun sets 4:51
Moon rises a. m.
O'lTimel iTlmel ITlmel • TlmeT
b | 1 Ft. I \ Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
? |L W| |I1 W| )L W| H W|
Hi 0^21 1.6 7:001 B.7 1:38 1.0 8:101 4.<J
14 1:10 1.0 7:301 0.0 2:34 0.4 9:19 4.4
13 2:0$ 2.2 8:351 CO 3:25 0.0 10:18 4.5
111 2:67 2.6 U:l0| <i.O 4:li» 0.411:11 4.«
17 1 3:U>| 2.7 10:00] 5.01 t:.12 — 0.6 ll:5i)f 4.7
18 I 4:24| 2.0 10:40| 0.8| 5:31 —O.7 . ...,|.... .
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the" early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
foutth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, an
sometimes occurs. The heights given are m
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted Irom the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Sen
ator ran into the wharf at Port Townsend
Friday nicht, demolishing a boathous« and
smashing three boats.
»
Senator Smashes a Wharf.
A dispatch from London, received yesterday
at the Merchants* Exchange, reports the French
ship Bayonne, from Dunkirk for San Francisco,
at Montevideo with her rigging damaged. ' The
dispatch also reports the death by drowning
of the Bayonne's commander. Captain Grandet.
Frcncli Captain Drowned.
I ' Second Feet.
DATE. 1
I 1902. 1903.
November 20 0.230 13.450
November HO 8,050 13.450
December 1 8,050 12.770
Decmeber2 8,ti60 11,430
December 3 8.380 12.U90
December 4 8.3S0 11,750
Decembers 8.110 11.750
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT L.A GRANGE.
"' ~~ L Second Feet.
DATE * ' 1002. " 'looT"
November 20 660
November 30 ™> 5IS
December 1...... ...- «J 4 $°,
December 2 4S0
December 3 350 4sO
December 4 41£ 410
Decembers 660 410_
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
_ _ second Feet.
DATB ' 1002. " 1003.
November 29... **g
November. 30 •• • **g ||g
December 1 4M) . S2 o
Km^H::::::::::::::::: *«. »
The reinsurance rates on the overdues listed
by M. A. Newell are quoted as follows: Fife
shire. C5 per cent; Paris, 70'per cent; Talca,
30 per cent: Michele Bianehl. 10 per cent;
Olhfbank. 10 per cent; La Bruyere, 45 per
cent. _ •
The Overdue Fleet.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years ot the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 60 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF RIVERS.
George P. K. Hecktor (o=»- ;r) with A. Da»«C
h«>rjr (contractor). arch>-ert C A. MeusdorfCer —
All work except elo-trlc work, mantels, gas fix
tures end shad*; for a thre«»-«tory franje build-
Ing (stores nnd flats) on NW corner of Four
teenth street nnd Treat avenue, N 83:6%, \7
23. S R3:7. T, 2S: «47Sfi.
John Dippcl (owner) with K. Rechi»nbach
(contractor and archUect)— All ¦Iter.tleiw and
additions except tinning and pJyjriblna- for »
two-story frame hulIdinK on NW corner of
Railroad and SlTth avenues. 2j on Rai.road
Marv R. and James F. Ch-eswriRht (owners)
with Philip Rive (contractor), architect All
work except excavatlcn. foundation. fhmnev«,
stone steps, vestibule fl<vr. stone sidewalks,
cement, plasterlntr. all till"*. mante'«. glnss.
»raa fixture. rhJ»d=s. p'umblnc. pnlntlnp. n.n-
Inhed hwc^ware for a three-story frz^e build
ing en W line cf Fourteenth avenue, 2.5:11 >.
of Clement. N 25 by W 120: $30.*.J».
Wellman Estp» a Company (owners) with
Brvan Flevator Conpany (contractors), archi
tect J. E. Krofft— One freight elevator for *
four-story and besement brick bulldln* on W
lire of Er«t »tre»t. 40 N of .Tack«r.n. X 114. W
137.6 R «V». E 52. S 20. E P3:«: I251R.
David Salfl'Id (own«r> trHh H. Munster (con
tractor*, prchltects Salfleld & Kohlheru—Car
penter work fcr a two-story, uttie and basement
frnme hulMir* on N Imp of P»sre street. 127 E
of Lvon. E 27 by N 137: ft: $1625.
Same owner with Bryart-ntrset Planlr.jr Mill
(contractors). r«>hl»ects same — Mill werk for
sam« on r»m»>: $140S.
Bnllders' Contracts.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship China
called yesterday for the Orient with a full
cargo and her cabins crowded with passenger*.
The liner was ready to sail at 1 p. m., but
the last consignment of United States mall
did not reach ths dock until i:C5, and It was
1:10 before the office mall put In en appear
ance. The lines were cast off at 1:15 p. m.
The China carried forty pttssenfrirs for Hon
olulu and about sixty for Oriental ports. Her
cargo Included a large consignment of school
furniture for the Philippines.
Her passengers Included about two hundred
Chinese and the following named:
; "For Honolulu — Mi« B Edna Andereon, H. P.
Baldwin, Mm. H. P. Baldwin. E. F. Bishop.
Mrs. E. F. Bishop. Mrs. A. K. Bretiham and
son. Mrs. R. Cantor, G. P. Ca&tlo, • Captain
Richardson Clover, Miss M. Copaland, J. A.
Cunningham, Mrs. J. A.' Cunningham, Mrs. J.
R.- Gilford, C. E. Greenfield. R. Guefseteld, P.
R. Iscnbert. MIsa Belle Johnson, Mrs. E. A.
Jcncs and child. Miss G. Katka. J. J. Lecker.
Mrs. J. J. Lecker. Miss A. D. Low. Mrs. T. B.
McCauIey. Mrs. C. M. MacNell. H. E. Mcln
tyre. Miss A. Mclntyre. Mrs. W. - McKenzle
and child. P. McLane. Mrs. V. Painter, Bishop
H. B. Restarick, J. G. Smith. O. B. Stillman,
Mrs. O. B. Stillman, Miss Cordelia Walker,
Mrs. W. A. Wall and child, Miss Helen Wilder,
H. H. Williams.
Yokohama— R. Bohme, N. WV Helm, Mrs.
N. W. Helm. U Lcmr.
Kobe— N. .«. Cl?rk.
Shanghai— Miss F. Wright.
Hongkons — H. F. Bridges, Mrs. S. J. Bridges,
W M. Cast'.e Mrs. W. M. Castl<?, W. H.
Childs. M. M. Crook, F. K. Crumb, A. Me-
Dcrmld, Jesse Drake, Robert Douglas, J. W.
Duncan, A. J. Eveland. M. Friedman. Rev.
Edward Fowler, Mrs. F. A. Gantz. Rev. F.
P. Gilman. Mm. F. P. Gllman. Miss Elsa HInk,
M. A. Hauschild. J. G. Howard, A. K. Hitch
cock Archbishop J. J. Harty, J. H. Lyman,
Mrs. J. H. Lyman, W. F\ La Polnte." Lieu
tenant Colonel C. H. I^auchhelmer, Jacob Lurie,
M. B. Meyer, W. F. Morris, V. L. Minehart,
W. W. Petltt, C. F. Pfefferle, W. "G. Pottlnger,
Frank Reeves, J. A. Rathke, Miss M. J. Rob
bing, Meyer Scherr. V. E. Sparklln, J. A.
Sexton, J. Harry Scott. Mrs. J. Hurry Sectt,
E. A. Scovllle. Mrs. E. A. Scoville. F. H.
Slagle, W. T. Townsend. W. F. I'mphrey, H.
M. Van Tine. R. B. Younr.
To Join at Honolulu — Mm. H. N. Cook and
son. Mrs. E. Larned, Mrs. W. V. Pratt.
China Sails for; Orient.
TO ARRIVE. *
Steamer. From. I Due.
Centralla Grays Harbor '.pen. 13
(Sequoia (Jray« Harbor lUec. 1J
S. Monica.... San Pedro Dec- 1;>
Kureka . . . Humboldt' ID« C - W
Centennial... Seattle & Taeoma |U«c. ...»
Spokane Huniboldt ..|Uec. 1»
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor ] Dec. 13
Edith........ (Seattle \£>ec. 13
Del Norte I Cretcent City iUeo. 1*
Htateof Cal.. San Diego it Way Ports, i>ec. 14
•Nevadan Honolulu !H ec ' J 4
Chico Coquille RI\er.' i Dec. 14
b. Barbara... San Pedro |I>e-. 14
Senator Puget Sound Ports. :.. . jDec. 14
Chehalls 1 San Pedro Dec. 15
Arctic |Humbol(Jt pec- 15
Phoenix Mendocino I Dec. 10
Coronado Sun Pedro •• i De c. 15
beroia Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. \o
AlaiBida Honolulu [Dec. 13
Coos Bay San P*dro & Way PortsiDec. 16
Bairacuuta... New York via Panama. |Des. 1U
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... [Dec. 10
Rival Wlllapa Harbor |Dec. 10
ruiuoiu Humbaldt .pec. lti
Newburg..-.. Grsf>s Harbor Dec. 17
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. U
Santa Rosa... Snn- Diego & Way Pts Dec. li
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 1(
Czarina Coos Bay .!D*c. 18
UmatMla Puget sound Ports pec. 18
G. Llndauer.. Portland & Astoria Dee. 18
North Fork... Humboldt |D<?e.- 18
J. Dollar Seattle 8z Taeoma I Dec. 20
•Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. |Deo. 2)
Sierra .'... Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. I'l
N. Maru China & Japan Dec. 21
Oanfa China & Japan iDec. £1
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Dec. 21
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Dec 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports | Dec. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
December 13. 1
Centralla... Los Angeles Pcrts. 4 pmjPler 10
Arcata Coos B.-Pt. Orford. 1 10 amlPlsr 13
laqua Humboldt I 9 am|Pier i
6i. Kosa... ban IMegro & Wayi U amiPier Ix
December 14. | |
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor . . I 4 pm|Pler 2
G. W. Eldei AMiria & Portland, ill am|P'.er 2t
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. [ 4 pm|Pler 2
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B.| 5 pmjPier 16
Itcdondo... Los Angeles Ports.! 4 pm| Pier 2
December 15. | |
Bonlta Newport & Way...| 0 am.|PI<r 11 '
SpokaneV.V Humbr'dt 1:30 p|PUr b
Eureka Humboldt | » amlPler 13
Coronad"o... Grays Harfbor . 4 pmlPler 10
Chchalis... Grays Harbor...... 3 pm Pier 2
December 16. | I
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 4 pm|P!»r 20
Chico....". .. Coquille River 6 pm|Plcr 2
Phoenix Mendocino City ..| 1 pm|Pier 13
December 17. I I
Abydos Hsmburgr & Way..|12 m [Pier 19
City Pueblp. Puaet Suund ports. ill ani.Pier u
Centennial. Seattle & Taeoma. | 5 pm|PIer 20
State Cal... San Diego & \%ay.| "j um,Plek li
San Pedro.. Humboldt ' 110 am|P!er 2
Arctic Humboldt | 9 am|Pier '2
December 13. | |
Pomona Humboldt ...11:30 p|Pier 8
Nevadan... llono. & Kahulut..|12 m\ Pier 23
December 19. | |
Alameda... Honolulu ;.'...... ..Ill am Pltr 7
San Jose... N. T.' via l»aTiama.|12 m Pier 40
Columbia.. Astoria it Portland. 11 am 1'ler 24
Pt. Arena. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
p.lval Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay., tan Pedro & Way. l» amjPlcr il
December 20. | |
Newburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 10
December 21. | |
North Fork Huml>oldt I 5 pm|Pler 20
December 22. | |
Doric China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.lll am Pier V
December 23. I
G. Lindauet Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 10
/ December 24. | |
J. Dollar^. Seattle & Taeoma. | 5 pm|PIer 20
FROM 8EATTI-»
Steamer. For | Sails.
Dolphin Skacway & Way Ports. |Dec. 14
AI-K1 £kagw*y'& Way Ports. jDec. IK
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlat A: Way Pts. Dec. ll>
Cottage City., ckagway & Way Ports Dec. 18
Valencia Pkacway Direct '. . Dec. 23
F. Rellly. lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 200
S of California street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Kate Brtckwedel. Maria Hever (both nee
Ayersl. Alexander W. and Chart's F. Ayers to
Kate M. Ayers, lot en N line of Clement street.
32:8 E of Third avenue. E 50 by N 100. and all
interest In estate of William H. Ayers. (jult
cla'm deed; $1.
Barbara and John Knell to John W. Glblin,
lot on S line of T street. 32:6 E of Forty
seventh eve, E 50 by S 100: $10.
South San Francisco Dock Company to M.
A. Meier, let on SE l!ne of F street, 4S:»5 SW
of Fourteenth avenue. SE 73:2. SE 15S:5. SW
09:8. NW 2.'tO:2'V;. SE 26:7, block 2S2. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; *IO.
F. L. A. Piorhe and I.. Lv Robinson to Wil
liam A. Nash lot on N line of Central avenue.
2R E of Verncn. W 25 by N 100, lot 8, block
24. City I^and Association; ?05.
I.enn Favero to Balclo K. Ercole, lot on ?»
line of Sadowa street. 3D E of Orizaba. E "S
by N 125. lots 21 to 23, block F. Railroad
Hom'stead: *10. ,
James Haworth to Jamislna Haworth (wife
of Charles C). lots 350 to SS9. Oift Map 2: $1.
R Iwcas Company to George Ryan, lot on E
line of Condon street. 25 K of Peralta. N 24
bv E 70 lots 22 to 24. Georire Ryan's subdi
vision of Preelta Val^y Works 234 to 236: $10.
Estate of Lu«1wlg Altsrhul (by Richard An
schui. ex-ciitor) to I*. Grothwell. lot on PW
corner of Tw^nt^-nlrth and vm F-nmtrlt
street*. NW. SCO. SW 20O. SE ?4<?:5. E «3:RU.
NE 162:10^. let? 1 to 8. 21 to. 24. block R3R:
also let on SW corner of Twenty-flfth and Ship
ftreets. NW .".CO by SW 2fA lots 1 to 8. 21 to
"4 block 701: also lot on N comer of Thirty
ninth avenue anrt I> str»et. NW 25O by NE
100 !ot« 3 to 7 block 618: also fractional lots
8 end 22 Wock^lS; »1«> undivided « of frac
tional lot* « nnd 21. block filR: also lot en 55 W
corner of Thirtieth avenue and E "trjet. Nw
178-7U P ?55:CU. SE lf>:6^. N'E 200 lots
1 fo 4 ar.d 24. ration of block 53S:^I«» lot on
SV. corner of Th<rtr-fl>«t avein- «*d K«tr«M>t.
XE 2OO PE 16.V9. S 235:«. NW .t"4:10U. lot*
8 to 1!>. block 635: also lot on NE _ corner -of
Dakota and Pluma* >W» !£»»£• N 200.
lots 1 to 6 15 and 10. b'.ctk 572: $1000.
Henry Pedersen is a real estate agent,
with photography as a hobby. The
home of the Pedersens is at S59 Har
rison street, and the complaint alleges
that Mary Johnson, >vno is named as
co-respondent in the . suit, lives in
Berkeley. Attorney? for Mrs. Pedersen
state they have ths "dope" on Peder
sen and purpose makins him show how
and where the photographs were taken.
They state the notes and embroidered
wcrk will also be forthcoming at the
While peering through her husband's
photographic plates Mrs. ilatilda Ped
ersen discovered pictures of a pretty
woman attired in Mr. Federsen's well
known suit?. Jealousy was aroused
and a search instituted. Embroidered
suspenders and neck mufflers, it Is
claimed, were found hidden in
out of the ' way places and notes
couched in endearing phraseology were
brought to light. The nates were signed
"Mary Johnson." Xow there is a di
vorce suit and all sorts of unpleasant
ness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Ca!l.
HIS Broadway, Dec. 12.
Photographs Arouse Jealousy
and Kesult in the Discovery
of More Damaging Evidence
tlons, 100 cs mineral water. 25 cs liquors, 2M
r-kgs school furniture, S pkss machtnery. 280
kegs white zinc. (535 pes pipe. 44 pkgs vehicle*,
0 cs boots and shoes. 5 pkg» bicycles and sun
dries, 12 cs typewriter, !> cs drugs.
To East Indies— 11U cs canned salmon. 333
cr assorted canned goods. 12 cs dried fruit, t>
pkgs groceries and provisions, 1 reel wire rope,
1 c» electrical yup»:lle?.
To Korea— S2 cs canned roods. 1 pkg ma
chinery. 2 pkgg Riocerles, 5 cs hardware. S cs
electrical supplies.
* —
Movements of Steamers.
Shortly after the Doric came to an
1 anchor in the quarantine grounds a
Japanese stowaway, belted with a life
1 preserver. Jumped into the water and
struck out lustily in the direction of
Melggs wharf. A boat was lowered
from the licer and in a few minutes the
swimming Japanese was overtaken. He
and another stowaway were then
locked up and will be detained in the
brig until the liner sails, when they
will be allowed the freedom of the coal
and permitted to work their
passage back to Japan.
Rev. "W. N. Brewster, a missionary
' who has been in Southern China for
fifteen years, returned on the Doric.
1 He was accompanied by his wife and
i six children. According to Dr. Br'ew
1 ster's ideas war in the Orient is inevi
table, and when it comes he thinks
Japan and China will take the • field
side by side against Russia. He s^s
the tendency toward a combination ; of
the Oriental races is growing into, a
sentiment which is bound to produce
results sooner or later.
The Doric's passengers Included the'
following named:
Mrs. J. T. Barrnclough. Ju!es Brett. Mrs.
.Tu!cs Brett, Rev. \V. N. Brewnter. Mrs. W. N.
Brewster and six children, J. W. w\ Brewster.
Mi«s J. Callender; MIfs Helen Christian, R.
Edwin Eddlson Mlrs J. Eddlson. E. A. Et
llott. Mrs. I,. Heathcote, Mies F. Hcwell. Miss
K. W. Howell, F.. F. K. Haventnl. Thomas
James Miss James, William B. Jones. C R.
Klne. Albert Kopp. F. C. Lockey, Rev. S.
LJUinrton. Mrs. J. P. Mart:n. Ml*s M. V. C.
Nlcolalsen. K. Niwa. T. G. Nicklln. Mrs. U
Ritchie William G. Sewall, Mlfs Kdlth Slmp
«on. H. Smuld»rs. Mrs. H. Smulders, George
L. Thompson, S. Yenemoto. H. Miyabe.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Doric, Captain Smith,
arrived yesterday from the Orient. She
reached port several hours before she
was expected, coming up from Hono
lulu in five days sixteen hours. She
brought 22S passengers and 1430 tons
of cargo. Although small in weight and
dimension the freight represented a
high money value. There were sixteen
boxes of treasure and a shipment of
opium valued at 53S4.O00. There were
620 cases of the opium, and the duty on
it will be $153,750.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; etmr Vaderland, for Ant
werp; stmr Campania, for Liverpool; stmr
Mlnnetonka, for London.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Hohen
zollern. for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 12— Stair Zetland,
for Now York.
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed Dec 12 — Stmr Lucanla,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr St
Paul, for New York. /•
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Dec 0— Stmr Island,
for New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Blucher.
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TEXERIFFE— -Arrived Nov 26 — Ger stmr
Anubis, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Arrived Nov 30— Br bark Elevy,
from Talcnhuano.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Nov 22— Ger itmr
Tctmes, for San Francisco. Nov 23 — Ger
stmr Ramses, for Hamburg. Nov 24 — Ger
stmr Isis, for Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Dec 11— Bark
Yoeemlte, for Honolulu. 12 — Bktn Jane L
Stanford, for Honolulu.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Nov 2C— Br itmr
Tc-enkai, from Glasgow.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Dec 1— Ger «tmr
De-nderah. hence Aug « for Hamburg.
MORORAN— Sailed Nov 2&— Ger stmr Elba,
for Kobe.
DOVER- Passed Dec 12 — Ger stmr Dende
rah, hence Aue U for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 12 — Br itmr
Tartar, from Victoria.
HOLYHEAD— Sailed Dec 12— Br bark Don
na Francesca, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Dec 12— Jap
stmr America Maru, from San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Dec 12, 12 m— Nor
strar Titania, irom San Diego, for Nanalmo.
POINT REYES— Passed D«c 12— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro, fur Eureka.
VENTURA— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Whlttier,
for Ean Pedro. ,
SEATTLt^-Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Portland,
f:om Unaiaska.
ECKEKA- Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Eureka,
hence Dec 11.
hailed Dec 12— Stmr Spokane, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 12— Stmr Arctic, hence Dec 11;
bark Vldette, from San Pedro.
FORT, BRAGG— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Bruns
wick, - for San Krancisco.
SAN l'EDRO— Arilved Dec 12— Schr Balboa,
from Blaine; schr "Wilbert L Smith, from
Fairfca\en; schr Salem, from Olympia; schr
Camano, from Port Gamble; schr J M Colman.
from Grays Harbor; Bchr Excelsior, from Wil
lapa Hurt or.
Sailed Dec 12 — Schr Louise, for Umpqua.
Arrlved Dec 12— Stmr San Gabriel, from
Eureka; stmr Whlttier, from San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 12— Schr Wawona, for Wlllapa
Harbor; schr Lucy, for Umpqua; schr Jas A
Garfleld and btmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out Dec 12— Stmr Mack
inaw, from Taeoma. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr San
Pedro, lor San Francisco. Dec 12— Schr C A
Thayer, in tow tug Traveler, for Puget Sound.
Arrived Dec 12 — Schr O M Kellogg, from
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 12— Schr A M
Baxter, from Ballard.
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Acme, for
San Francisco: 6chr Lottie Bennett, for San
Pedro: stmr W H Kruger. for San Francisco.
CKESOiiNT CITY— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 12— Etmr Shawmut,
from Hongkong. -. «
Sailed Die 12— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Dec 12 — Schr Annie Larsen, for San
Diego.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 12— Schr Advent,
hence Nov 28.
* POINT LOBOS, Dec 12, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; vvlnd calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
The stmr Pennsylvania, previously reported
sailed from Nanalmo Dec 10, for Honolulu, Is
an error. The etmr has been detained on ac
count of bunktr coat bsinx heated. Will be
surveyed.
TELEGRAPHIC.
MISCELLANEOUS,
Per Br «tmr Doric— Dee 11, lat 34 42 N,
leng 12S 11 \V. Ger ship Adolf, from Port Los
Angeles for Port Townsend. • ' . .
Per tug Dauntless— Dec 12, off Point Reyes,
bark Coryphene, Irom Astoria, for San Fran
cisco.
SPOKEN
Stmr Empire, Macirenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Wtstport.
Btn:r Santa Crui, Albsrts. Monterey.
Ktmr Point Arena. Miller. Mmdoclno. '.
atmr Melville Dollar. Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Eureka.
Br ship Levernbank, Turner, Sydney. .
Pr bark Genev'.uve Molinoe, Tattavln, Belle
Isle.
Brig W G Irwin. Hansen, Roche Harbor.
Schr Vtga, Xutman. Mazatlan. . ¦
Schr C T Hill, Hubs. TillamooK. •
NOW SHE WANTS DIVORCE
Has^on Board Extract of the White Poppy Worth $384,000,
on Which the Duty Amounts to $153,750--— Japanese
Stowaway Tries to Escape From Steamer by Swimming
3Irs. Matilda Pcdorscn Finds
Pictures of Woman Garbed
in Her Husband's Clothes
CAMERA HOBBY
CAUSE OF WOE
LINER DORIC BRINGS FROM ORIE NT
VERY VALUABLE SHIPMENT OF OPIUM
THE SAN FRAXGISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 13, 1903.
46
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
f( tt^ >\ Ym
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at O:?!O a. m., throHsrU in 3 day*,
rrltli dinar and all trapping*.
Other Santa re Trains i
7:Zfi a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno. Bakertfleld,
s'co p' m'j . M * r " d « H*oford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OPTICS — 641 Market St.. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
HTO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Klectrlc —
Depart tram San Francisco Dally — 7:00. a: in).
U:CO. 10:W>. 11:CW a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15, 4:14,
5:15, 0:15. 7:00. S:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAJCCISCO
—Daily— 5:25-, 6::i5, 7:40, 8:35. 9:M. 11:03 a.
m.. 12:20, 1:45, 2:35. 3:45. 4:43, 5:45. «:45
a:45. lu:-0 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLET TO SAX FIUN-
CISCO — Dally — 5:45. 8:55, 7:62. 8:55. $>;5v
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. C:W. *£&.
7-05 tt:00. 10:35 o. in.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. ta. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and wayata-
tlons.
- Sundays only — 10 a. . m.. Polot Keyes and
way stations. -
TICKET OFFICE— 62C Market »t. .
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.-Tamalpai's Railway
• L^avt TU Si8s»ht« 1 wtj Arrive
SaaFrandsco h»i ttlUtku tX San Frandaco
Week San- JJEB^ " Sun- Week
D*y»- days >$fmaH&t davit Davi.
r, s ii A '2 : S2 A fiSiitiiira JSonressi
0:16f IO-.OOa yfi&sg££S7 »:6O, 3:ftO,
11.00a y®g£3W 4:50|. »;50r
¦....'¦¦;¦ '3:15r T:«o» :
• ¦Cssasel witt tup ftr' T WywaVfllswCtW
E2ZL I 626 MAItlnrT ST..(North Shore RatlroadT
VnCB { and Sacsauto Faaav, Foot Markoc St.
SCHt'MACHEK— In thisSclty. Decemter 11.
1S03. to tNs wKe of Winiam Schumacher, a
•on.
WEISIL— In th'.5 city, to the wife cf J. il.
Wr!?y, a ton. . • .
MARK! ED.
DATTON— AI.VES— In this city. December 12,
lilOX, bv the Itcv, Jay William Hudson. Al-
V»rri B. Paytca «r.C Ernectjr.e M. Alve», both
of San Francisco.
Dl'NAJTD — PROMT;— In this '•'.ty. December
12. 3»0;{. hv thx« H»v. C. S. Morse. Maurice
' l)ur.ar.d ft PtorKtin. «>!.. and Frances N.
Hrc-r.e cf Ilalfmccn Hay. Csl.
FLEMlNG--MrLAl'.KN- In this city. Decem-
ber 10. 1»C;{. by the Rev. George W. White.
ra5?cr of Central li. E. Church. V.'illlanj
V'a!lace Flemics of fan Kranc!sco and Edith
Lf.ren Mcljiren rf Stockton.
died'.
I>rr». Joi-.ar.r.a S. C. Karp, John II.
Ulutccnthal. Max 1-aurberg. Laurltx
Boyle, Catheria* l.ucltt. John J.
BoyJe. Daniel Lyons, Xora
Lrs<iy, Jaraf^ McCord, A!eran<ter
llmv.'n. ilL-fsrl! K. Merrill. George W.
l'i!J»-f'!. J. William 1'eierson. Albert
Cecil. Theodore V. Richter. Emtl
I'oiajTis. Catherine !lobinson. Francis
V.nnn. William V. Uct-se. Charles IL
BUtt, EJltabeth Itc?s, Ida
Foxbridses. Martha Bdi<nt-I»aale!», J'n-
<Javin. Patrick cie
Orooa. Harriet D. ¦ Ectxutt. Anna R.
Hal;ors.n. Mrs. Maria hltepard. Joseph
lianren, Alice U. Tabiit. Josrch
Harbenparten. Jus. Thomjscn. Ira. D.
Hiatt, Kl^a Wormser. Louis
Hubbard. Alic* E. Wynne. Henry F.
lngugiia. Gladvs O. Z*ehlesche. Lanard
Jeccbsea, tieoree _.
B^URIi; — In this city, December 11. 1003, Jo- |
han^a S. C. liarre. beloved wife of the Uts ,
Oharif* Barre. a. native of Qerman>-. aged 1
Vj >ears 10 months and C'J da>s. ;
BLUMENTHAL— In this city, December 10, j
15»O3, Max. beloved husband cf Ricka Blu- j
rr.entha!. and beloved father of Mrs. M. !
iii-.hn and Mrs. J. Mcrris of Newman nnd
Base, France* Albert, lierbert, Stella and :
Chaiiie lilumenthal. a native of German:.,
cged CT jrars u rucnths anil IS da.'S. <San j
Jess papers p!«-a« copy.) i
CTKriends ar.d ao<ju«:i:ta3ces nre rpsp'ct-
fully in\1ted to attend the funeral to-day
<£ucda>), at 10 o'clock, from the Mascnic
Terr.pie. corner cf Post and Montgomery j
street*, under the auspices of Crockett Lodge
No. 130. F. ana A. M. Interment Hills of ,
Eternity Cemaery, by train leaving Third
and TcwnsenJ streets at 11:30 o'clock. i
BOTLE— In this city. December 12. 1VKX5. Cath- I
enne, beloved win.- cf Lawrence Boyle, and i
motfc'.r of Lawrence, \\illiam, and I
Edward B^yle end Mrs. Geor;e Denay, a I
r.ail\e of County Cork, Ireland, aged T.h ]
years. .
(CTl r rien(!s and acquaintance* aie retpect- j
fui!y invlteJ to atvend the funeral Monday. .
December 14. at *>:'M o'clock, from her late j
residence. Vt7 Welch strt-et. thence tj iSt. j
Hose's Church, where a requiem high mass j
will be celebrated for the reptsi of her soul,
commencing at i> o'clock. Interment Holy |
Croes Cemetery. |
BOYLE— In this city, December 10. 190^. Dan- i
iel Boyle, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years I
4 months and 2<J nayp. A member of ths
fchip Painters' l_'nicr.. Local No. J'SO.
CyFiienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ctleml the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clork, from the funeral 'parlors cl
Porter &. White. 42-> Gnlden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EHADV — In this city. December 12, VJiXi,
Janvsc. belcvtj haflam of Uridget Brady,
and loxine father of Matthew 1*., James ]
F., Mamie A.. Walter H., Joseph. A., Ed- |
ward T.. Euct-ne and Thomas I. Brady and
the late Eddie Brady, a native of the parish j
of KUrnort, County Cavan, Ireland, aged 54 !
yrerf 11 months and 18 da>s.
C^'FrtenJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Mcnday), at *>:S0 o'clock, from his late
rt£ia«--nce, ;x-5 Seventh street, thence to i?t- j
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high j
mafs will be celebrated for the repose of his I
r,oul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross t
Cemetery. j
BROWN— In this city. December 12. 19<W, i
P.ut sell Edwara. beloved son of Jefferson M.
and Laura M. Brown, and brother of Mil-
ford. Gladys, Mabel and Minerva Brown, a
native of Point Arena, Cal., aged 5 years
fe' months and 12 <3a: s.
tr Friends a^id acquaintances are respect-
fully invlttd to attend the funeral Monday,
at 11:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 74S
Fourteenth ftreet. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
CALDWELL— In this city. December 11. VJO-i.
J. William Caldwell, beloved hucband of
Emily Caiiiweli, a native of Virginia, aged
49 years.
C7"i- riends, acquaintances and members of
Unity Lodge No. 61, Knights of Pythias,
are tespectmlJy Invited to attend the funeral
cervices to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel cf Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1VX)
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six- !
teenth. Interment Mount Oil\et Cemetery. :
by electric funeral car from corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
CECIL — In Gllrcy. December 10, 1903, Theo-
dcr» Vincent, beloved hu&band of Mrs. Kate
Cecil, father cf Katherlr.e. Theodore, Louise
asd Edward Cecil, and brother cf Samuel
Cecil, late of Virginia City, New. a native
<yf Maryland, aged 4-> }~ears &nd 11 months.
A member cf Storey Lodge No. 3. A. O. U.
, W. -(Virginia City, New, papers pletee
copy.)
EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at tt:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, £25 Ellis street, thenc? to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a recuiem bigh mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his Suul, i
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly
private. Holy Croes Cenietery.
OOSCTXS — la this city. December 11. 1903.
Catherine M., beloved wire of Maurice
Comyns. end mother of C. J. and F. L- ,
Comyoa cf this city and E. M. Comyns ol
freaiMe. Wash., a native of Ireland, aged
ti& year*.
CifKiiendH »re respectfully Invited to at-
tend the luneral to-nurrow (Mcnday), at »:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 2.52 Twelfth
etreet. thence to fit. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem hish mass will be cele-
brated for the rc-pese of ht-r «ju1. commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock, lnurment Holy Cress
• Cemetery.
EGAN— In ibli city. December 11, 1903. Wil-
liam Vincent Eran, dearly beloved son of
Cornelius and Ellen Egan. and beloved
Lrother cf Tbomu, Mary. Winetrc-fi, Alice,
tars*. KittU and Annie Egan, a native of
Can Francisco, aged 28 year*. A member of
Phil Sheridan Council No. 72, Y. M. I., and
Marine Engineers' Association No. 35.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 13. 1HU5. at 9:^u o'clock, from ths
residence of hip patents. itCS Nineteenth
street, corner York, thence to the Church of
Ft. Charles Bcrromeo. corner Eighteenth and
Ehotweil streets. lor 6ervices, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Requiem high mass will be ceJebrattd
Monday. December 14, 1003, at above church,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
TO the officers and raemb-rs cf Phil Sheridan
Council No. 72. Y. M. I.— You are hereby
notlned to attend the funeral of our late
member and brother. William Vincent Egan.
to-<Jay ttiunday). at 9:15 o'clock, from
bis iate residence, 2C2S Nineteenth street,
comer York. By order of
D. J. DUXXE, President.
OilAP. E. DOYLE. Rec. Sec.
ELLIS— At Eliis Lan<iir.e, Richmond, Cal..
December li, 1003, Elizabeth, wife of the
lete Ca stain George Ellis, mother of Selena
E-. Gecrre E-. William B. and Charles T.
Ellis, and siater of Mr*. Charles Ferris, a
'native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
E^Tur.eral *ervlce« at the above residence
at 11 o'clock. Tuesday, December 15. Inter-
ment private.
FOXER1DGES—In this city. December 11.
LaOS, MArtha, beloved wife of Benjamin Fox-
fcrldsea. and mother of Lillian and Alexan-
der Foxbridges. a native of Boston, Macs.,
ug'-'i 37 years 2 months"land 17 days.
C7Frien<3s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
tSunday). at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors ef Theodor Dierke, 057 Mission
rtieet. between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OAVLN— In this city. December IL 1903 Pat-
rick, belcved husband of the late ' Ellen
' Gavin, ar.d father of Charles and the late
James and William Gavin, a native of
' County Rofcotanion, Ireland, aged <a years
[^Friends and acquaintances are re*p»ctl
fully invitea to attend the funeral to-dav
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, Irom his late
residence, 1317V* Broadway, thence to St
Brigid's Church for services. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city. December 11, 1903,' Har-
riet D. Crten, beloved wife of Robert H
Oreen, mother* of Lawrence and Merrill
Green, and daughter of Jane Kreiss and ths
, late -Jacob Krei&s, a native of Redwood"
Cal., a$ed 20 ytars 7 months and "2 days '
CTRemain* at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking . Company "473
Mission street, .near Twenty-flrst. unti'l Bun-
day mornirjr. at o:30 o'clock. Interment at
Redwood City. l * l
HALLORAN— In Ean Rafael, December 12
1!»U3. Mm. Maria Halloran. beloved wife of
Thomas Ilailoran. mother cf Michael «n«i
. n»!!e Halloraa and Mr*. T. E. • Iteddlnr 0?
Mcatlo. and f!«t?r of Mrs. Bessie Heddan
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
<£uccessors to Flannagan tc Gallagher 1
DANIEL Y. DONOVAN*. Mgr.
FVNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMilALMEKS.
20 Fifth vt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone gcuth £0.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — Funeral Directors and llnsbalmers.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, ¦
Now at 666 MISSION'. Tel. South 167. '.
' Efwec-n Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.'
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*).* .
F. i. MONAHAN, Manager. TeL Mission lli
MONAHAN, O'HARA &;-C0.
rCNERAJC DIKECTORS ¦ AiTD. EMBALMERS.
233»-23il Motion st.. rear Klaeteecth.
• BAILWAY TEAVEL.
- — ¦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
lr:iin< leave »¦•«« »••« «*»«>»«» »rrJ*e »t
sis niAX cisc«».
fMsIa l.m. t .»>t »f ¦iUrict Street ) -
, |(ll ~ k'ho'h JiovraiBKH 23. 1">*. — tlUil
"TXOa »«c»vl;ii-. Winter*. Hu-ii-wy /S5?
74iJ» rV-nfrkk. Srtlsoa. K!iuir»a:»4 S.icrv
4 nhiii» * «J 7.2S?
7^0* V»l!rJ >. Xh^. C*!N'."S». S»ai*
):•>*< \t;iri:n«-s. £:•<» lt»iii"» 6-2j»
7 30* N!i«. L'v.-rOT»re. Tracy. L*taro:>.
«-.u-*-..n 723r
e.OD> Sb»M Krprea*— iVhi 1>jvm».
wii:i»m» <ior Bartlett 8pTt»i»»>.
\VJ!)..w» thru.... Ufi i:Jn~.
rertlatnt Tacomi*. Rraltla 7.53*
8.C3* Davit s\ v -.ii;»!i(i.Kn:Kht»L»'».l!ni
M-»ry»Tii:c. Oro«;ilir l-ttf
8Z3* Port Co«t*. Marlfnrt. AattfH-ii. ,
l«yr.>o. Tracy. Slociwn. .New-
mun. Lo» ItMnos. ilemloit,
Ariaaaa. lla-jf-.r-J. Vlsal!*.
.r\j«-M-vU> ... «^5»
830* Port C;>-rr.. M»rUu-z. Truer. I-»tS-
rui», Mudnsfn. Mrrced. Kresno.
li-.-fti-n Junction, H*nf«rd.
>'!»»!!». n«fc*-»r.c!a *•>»
itJB* 5!!«i. S»n Jm« ttTcrmora, 8U»efc"
ion. (tSIIH'inj. Ion-. S^crHwnto,
Flarerrl'lo. M«ry»v!::o. Chlow.
ired^irnir 4.23F
f 30* OaltcUln. Cli!n<-«i». Jiincs'.oi»n. So-
nor«. Tuvlmnne sad Ancels 4 25*
BOO* Atlantic h.iprf»»— OcileninfJ Kxt. 11-2J*
K.23* l::.-hnM>n-t, Msrtluex ao<i W«y
Station* 3 55?
10 CO* Th? OrrrUntl I.lnlted — (;gUsn.
l»-nr^r. t,'!n»b». Ctitcngo S 23^
1000* VslleJ*. 12.23'
10-03* Lo» An«r< > >» ra««-r>j,i»r — Port
Co«r«. MarJlnei. By ma. Tracy,
Lntbtjp. Stockton. Mereml.
Ritmon 1. Fn;»no. (i«t&en Junc-
tion. H»nfcd. L«ro<H»rn. Visalls,
Bakersfl-ltJ. I-«« AnKffic* 7-28^
12CC* Ilnvwsni. N!I«4 snd TTar Statluo*. S.2Sr
t\.00r 5»«cmni«aio Hirer Steaner* tiLOOr
tZOr Benlcl*. Wtnt«r». Sacnire»nto.
TCihmIIstx!. Kn!;h:» Laadlng,
Wary»»r.lo. Oruvtlla sad wsy
*tnt!on< I?-?"*
SJfOr Ilsrwar*. Nile* and WnySutloas.. 75»»
S SOr 1'ort Cost». Martinet. Bjrrnn.
Trocy. I.athroj'. Modesto.
Mirre.1. Kresnn »nd Way 8t»-
1 1. .ns beyond Port Coi«t» 12-23*
J.Ji> Murtlnex. Trscy. Suwkton. Lodl... 10-25*
4 00^ M»rtlm»7.S»ni::wnon.VnlleJo,Ntpa.
C»l!atOE». 8snt»Ui>»n 92S*>
4 OOr Klles. Tracy. Stockton. I.odt 4. 25? "
4 30r IISTward. Nlle«. Irvlngton. Ssnt tO-SS*
Jo«#. Lttennore ) tli.55*
h-COr Tb« Owl Llinite:!— N'e-^ia«n. Lo*
»«n.>*. Meod».ia.Fre.in...Tulare.
n»ken(icM. I.os Anc«lea 8.554
6X0* Port Conta. Tracy, dtocktoa 12-25P
tBJDp Hayw.ra. Nile* aan S«n Jose 725*
6-COr Hay ward. N V.e* and S«n . Io»e 9 j5a
SXOr Eastern Exprcsn— Opden. Penrer.
Oin«hs. St. Lo;ils. Cti!r«<o tni
Kftst. PorfCona. Benicla. Sul-
mn. Elmtra. Davis. Sacramento^
Rockllo. Auburn. Colfax,
Truckee. Itoet. Ueno. Wads-
worth. Wtnnemncc.i 5 23*
I.BOf Vailrju, .Isllr. except Sunday.... { 7 B5 _
7.00r Vallejo, Sua«:a/ only f "T*^
7A0r Richmond. t=«a Pablo. Port Coat-v __
MarUaet sn«l Way Stations 1123a
8 5Bp Ore^-on * California Expre»»— 6ae-
ramentn, Mary»»lne. Roddlng.
Portland. Tuget Sound nnd East. 8-53*
B.IOr Ilaywnrrt. N lies ar.d Sao Jose (3n»-
dayonly) 11-5S*.
COAST LI N E (>*rr»w Uauge).
(foot of Market Street.)
S-Io* Newark. CcnterTiiie. Saa Jose,
Felton, Ronlner Creak. 8aata
Crn* and Way Station* 5 53*
tf-16* Sewark. C«nt«r»ti:e. San Jo»%
New A!m<t<]en.Los Gato«.Te;ton.
Bonlder Creelc, Bnnta Craz and
Vrlnctpal Way Station* t10-SS4
4-18r Newark. San Jose. Lost) stos and) 18.5S4
w»t »t»tt >n« ) :1O65*
•9 SQt Hunters Train. Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Itetaro-
' Ing from T.o»Gato» ftnnday only. $7 2Si^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
t roai bA.N> HAM CtSCU. foul of Market St. < 311p *>
— 1;-.15 9:UI IMOa.m. 100 300 515 r.u.
rrom UAKLAN'D. Yoot of Uroiolway — +«:u» t3:0t
tS:U3 IU.OOa.M. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE Osroad town.
C3T (ThiM an<l T"<vn»entt Screen.)
| 6-10* San Jour an4 Way Stations 8-iOr'
7. CO* San Jomf and Way st.iston* - 553?
800* New Almaden (Turs.. Frid.. onTyt. 4. Mr
8 CO* Coa»tLln« Limited— Stopsonly ss»n.
Jo<e. Gllroy (cocoectlun for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. C««troTll!e, 8*>
Itnai. Sno Ardo. Pnso Koliles,
BantaM*Tgarlta.Sao Lais ()olsrw».
Principal statiuna theace Snrf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal ttatlons ihence San:» Bar*
Sura and Los Angeles. Conaeo
t'on at Ca»tr<n-111« to and from
Monterey und Pactac Grove !9-43#
V.CO* San Jose. Tre» Plnos, Capltola,
8antnCraz.PnclfleOroTe.S»llna*.
San LuU Obtspo aad principal
Way Station* 4-19p
10Z0* Ean Jo«e and Way Stations V20T
1140a Santa Clara, ban Jose, Los Uatos
and WayStntJona 7.30
1-30p San Jo«e and Way Station* 8-4&*>
A.LUr FtclP.v Gruv» Rz^re** — SantaCIara
£aa Jo««. Del Jlonre. .Monterey.
l'aclflc GroTe (connect* at Santa
Cara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
tree!; tnd X arrow Gin*e PolnU)
«t GllToy for Hoi lister. Tres
rinoM. at Castrorliie forSallnat. 12.1S»
8-I0r Tree Plnos Way Passeneer (1043*
14 4u» ban Jose. (\l* S.inta Clara) Los
Gi:m, and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) tfl.12*
(fi-SOi* SanJoacandPrtnclpKlWayStatlons t80J*
6.1UP Bnntct Limited.— liedword. San
Jo*e.O:!roy,»«alIaas.PMoi:oblrs,
6»a Luis Ol.lspo, Santa Barbara.
Los AnRrlrs. Demlag. £1 P<s»,
New Orlean*. New York. Con-
net-u at Pajarn for Santa Cms
and at Ca«truTl!lA for Paclno
Grov«i and Way Stations 7.1D*
tt-TEi* San Matro. Brrenfor J.Uelmont, Saa
Carlo*. l>ltv(.o«l. Fair Oaks,
MenloParl:. Palo Alto r8 41*
$^r^ 8»n Joie and Way Station*. - g_35>>
11.30' Soutn San Francisco, Mlllbr»e,Bnr-
llner.ro<>. 8an Mateo. Belmont,
Sun Carlo*. Hedwood, Fair Oaks,
Jlenlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 45*
sii-SOr Jlayf.eM. Mountain View. Sunny-
\ale. Lawrence. Santa- Clara and
San Jone 13.45*;
A for Morning. P tor Atternoo»
t Sunday only.
< Stops at all stations on Sunday. : . . ..^\
1 Sunday executed. a Saturday only.
t"»T~Ouly trains •to[.ptnp at Vaiencia St. aontabo«s4
«re5:10 *.u..7:C<'*.5<., 11:90a.m.. 1:JOtji. and «:30r.&
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEHN RY. CO.
SAN FBANCI5L0 AHu HORTH PACIFIC
BAII.WAY C0MFA2TT.
Tiburoa Perrr. Toot or afrurkat Strert.
SA21- rRASTCISCO TO SAW EATA3L.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3O, 9:0O. ll:0O a. m.; 12:^3.
3:S0. 5:10. «:3O p. ta. Thursday* — Eitr* trl?
at 11:J'> d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: X:30»
a:30, 5:C0. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SA1T EAPAEIi TO DAW FBASCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 7:35. 7:30. 0:20. U:15
a m.: 12:5O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
-Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40; 3:40.
4:5S. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
L«ave J In Effect I Arrlv*)
Ean Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1003. [Saa Francisco.
V.'eek I Sun- 1 Destln*- I Sun- J Week
Daya. I days. [ tlon. ( daya. ( Days.
1-30 a SCO a 9:10 a 8:40*
9:U0a Unacia. 10:40 a 10:2O a.
3:30 p S:30p ' «:O5p «:2O»
5:lC»p 5:0Op 7'-35p .
7 -30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8-COa Kovata, 10:4.0 a 10:20 *
2:50 p 0:Wa Petalum* «:05p 8:20 9
6:10 p 3:30p and T:35p
| 5:C0p Santa Rosa. v
7-30 al " 10:40 a 10:20*
(8:00a Fulton. 7:35p «:20»
S:3Op| 3:."0p - • *t
I Windsor, I I
8:00 a Healdsburs. 110:40 a [10:20 »
Lytton. ' )
j-,yp, 3:30p G»y»ervlll». I 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
( . qoverdale. | I
7:30a! 8:00al Hopland 110:40 a|10:?0 a
3:3O p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pl 6:20 p>
7:30 a| 8:00 31 Tyilllts. |7:35p|6:2Op
7:30 al 8:C0a| '. 110:40 a!10:^»
3:o0p|3:3Up| Gnernevflla. | 7.35 pi 6:'JOp
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, j 8:10 a} 8:40 a
6:10p|5:C0p| Clen Ellen. | 6:05 pl t>:20 p
7:Wal«:0Oal 110:40 a|10:2ft a
3:30p!3:30p| SebastopoL | . :^5 p| 6:20 p
STAGES cornect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Kosa for Whtte Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springj; at Gey-
eervllla for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale Jor
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Sprinsrs. Highland Springs.
KeUeyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lak«-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llcr'.y's.
Eucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Cotaptche. Cam?
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Wes'port. Uaat: at Wlllit* for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
YtUe Cummlnss. Bell's Springs. Harris. OJ-
aen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. reppcrwood. Scot!*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at i»-
dnced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all poinu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of nee. <S0 Market street. Chronic!*
*n. cT "whitixg. k. x. rtXjt.
G«n. \Ianasrer. Gen. Pjw. A«t.
The WeeMy Calf
61 pcp Year* " '
| of Vallejo and Tliomas Neylcn, a native of
¦ County Claro, Ireland, aged Vi years.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
• fully invited to attend the luneral Monday,
l>e<cmbar 14. nt 1» o'clock, from her late
rc-cld^ee. corner of Fourth «n«l C streets.
¦ San llafael. thence to St. Raphael'* Church,
J where a solemn requiem "hirh mafs will t>e
1 celebrated for the repose of h:r coul.com-
j fencing at 1O::H> o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Corr.etery.
I HAKSJ5X In South San Francisco. December
! i: lUUJ. Alice li. Haii5cn. hflcvtd daughter
cf Samuel. es-.d Christine li. Hansen. and s!s-
• ter «.f fharlrn. Samuel. Ella and Ai;n«i
Hans n, a native of Callfomia. aged 1 year
. !» inontlis and 4 daye.
j UVi-'iiev.'is and ocijuaintances are respect-
; fally invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock.' from the residence
! of thw j.srentn, 1£.'I2 Sixth avenue. South
San Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HARBEX«AKTKX— In this city. December 11.
UK*:. Joseph Harbenerarifn. beloved hus-band
cf Christina Harbengarteu. a native of Ger-
many, ageii ii'J. years 11 months and 15 days.
EJTFrlendn ajid acquaintance!* ar<» respect-
fully invited to r.ttend the funeral Sunday.
December 13. IWH, at 2:H0 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. iltta^rs undertaking parlor*.
«ac Washlnston sireet, under the auspices
of E:ntraci-t Veiein. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. J'leare omit flowers. j
HIATT— In this city. December 12. lnrtH. Ella. >
Ji laved wife of U. G. Hlatt, and mother of I
llcrvin. KJna, Grant and Laura Hiatt, a '¦
nstive of WatsonviJle. Cal.. ased 30 years. !
li-'an Di*-go pspeji" plc-ase copy.) .
CT'lnterment at fan Diego, Cal.
HCBBARD— In this city, December 12, W03,
Alice K.. beloved wife of George Hubbard,
mother of Eva May Hubbard, sister of Mrs. |
Fannie l)on!an and William Bullock, and j
1 niec« of Gwree Metcalf, a native of San
; FTancisco, aged 47 yearo 11 months and 5 j
1 days. i
! INUL'GLIA— In thie city. December 11, 1903. ]
; Gladys Ottella Ineugiia, denriy belovod
; dauchtur of John B. and Charlotte M. In-
i-uRiin, and sister of Charlotte Luclll* In- •
i j;i;»;!m. a native of fan Kranclsvo, eced 11 j
months and 2'.t days. 1
CTFrlenus and acqualntanres are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day .
¦ (Sunday), a, 1 o'clock, from the residence !
of her parents, southeast corner of Francisco j
and Leavenworth streets, and thence by j
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and j
Guerrero streets at 2:00 o'clock to Cypress :
Lawn Cemetery. '
j JACOBSEX— In this city. December 10. 1303, •
Georee .Tacobsjn. brother cf Henry Jacob- ]
j, sen of Frvsao, Cal., a. native of Denmark,
S , ece<i 40 years. A member of the Walters'
; Alliance No. so. |
, IC?" t rlencSs and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to etteivl tt\-i funeral Sunday, |
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Portrr & White. 4V.4 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
j KARP— In thi.« city, December 12, 1903, John I
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Wilhel- I
i mina Karu, and beloved father of Robert, |
I Maximilian. John. George. William, Mar-
: Karet. Kmma and thi late Bruno and Charles j
Karp. a native of Germany.
I LAURBERG— In this city, December 11. 1903.
i Lauritz Laurbcrs, uncie of Muth Rasmus-
sen of Oakland. Cal., a native of Decem- |
bcrgr. affid S3 jeais 7 months and 5 days. |
IT7"Friends and aiquaintancrs are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day i
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the parlora j
of Crate:. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate
avenue, betwe-^:: Polk and Larkin streets,
und?r the auspices of thi Scandinavian So-
ciety. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LYONS — In t'cis city, December 12. 1903. Nora,
beloved daughter of the late l'atrltk and |
Haanorah Lyons, and sister cf Katie. Julia, I
i Mollie. Frank and Nellie Lyons, Mr3. M.
Hroticb and Mrs. E. McGlennon.
| C7Ri mains at the funeral parlors of J. C. ,
O't'onnor & Co.. 707 Mitsicn street, between
Third and Fourth. j
j /LUCITT— !n this city, December 11. 1903. j
John J.. dtarly beloved eon of Margaret and
the l?.t* EJward Lucitt. brother of Edward !
F. end Jcei-i'hlne L'jcitl, Mrs. Edward B. j
• Carr and Mr«. Lanhan, and nephew of John \
; and Ar-nle Sullivan, a native of San Fran- j
I cisco. A member of Company A, First Caii-
i fornia Volunteers. '
I E^Frlends acquaintances) are respect- ]
fully Invited to attend the funeral tc-morrow
(Monday), at i»:30 o'clock, from h!s late resl- |
dencf. 34 Lafsyette street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment i
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORD— In this city, December 12. 1CC3, at
his residence. 1214 Buchanan street. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Nellie L. Mc-
Cord. end brother of the late Jam s and j
Jchn McCord. a native of Canada. ;
|E7"Tlie lnntr.il will take i>lace to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late j
residence. 1214 Buchanan street. Services i
at chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Friends j
and acquaintances are invited. i
MKRR1LL— In this city, December 12. 1903, i
Oeoige W. Merrill, beloved husband of Eu- ]
Kcnia T. Mirrlll. and father of Mrs. D. J. :
Makepeace, a native of Amekbury, Mass.,
aged ~>5 years. - „
$Z? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
reridence, 043 Oak etreet. Interment pri-
vate.
PETERSON — In th!« city, December 11. 1903.
Albert Peterson, a native of Denmark, aged
C3 years.
RICIITER — In Layafette. Contra Costa County, j
Cal., December 12. 190;{, Emil Richter, a na-
tive of Los Anseles, Cal., aged 19 years 11
months scd 5 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, from 1S45 Myrtle street, Oakland, j
' Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
i ROBINSON — In this city. December 11, 1003, j
i Francis Robinson, beloved husband of the
late Marjaret Robinson, a native of Eng-
lanu. aged 73 ytars.
i C^TFriends and acquaintances are respsct- i
fully invited to attend th* funeral Sunday,
December 13." I0u:?. at 1 o'clock, from the
ReJ Men's Hall. ."20 Post street, where ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of :
Eotoysme Tribe No. 12, I. O. R. M. Re-
mains at J. S. Go<l»au's. 303 Montgomery
avenue. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
ROESE — In this city, December 12, 1903, Dr.
Charles H. Itoese, huRband of Agnes Roese,
and sen of Mrs. M. J. Itoese, a native of
Buffalo, N. Y.. aced ot$ yean. (Buffalo pa-
pers pHose copy.)
(C7Frier.<2s unii p.cquaintarces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
I December 11. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner - of Post-, and Montgomery
streets. Cremation I. O. O^. F. Cemetery.
ROSF— In Enst Oakland. De'ccmber 11, 1303,
lola, beloved daughter of Harry and Isabella
Itos*. a rat!ve of Oakland, aged 1 year 1
month and 1'S days.
ECHOTT-DAN1ELS— In this city. December
11, 1903, Jennie Schott-L>anlc!s, beloved wife
of N. II. Daniels, and lovinz mother of
Fred II. Echott, a native of California, aged
4S years.
EUTrlendji and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral Monday,
December 14, i:»C3, at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chai>el cf Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue, thence to Washington-
r.quare Hall, Union and Stockton streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Alcatraz Circle No. 1, T. G. S.. and
Kl Dorado Ciicle No. 12, U. A. O. D. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BCHUTT— In this city, December 10, 1803,
Anna B. Schutt, dearly beloved wife of John
H. Schutt, and devoted mother of Henry
fcchutt. a nattve of Diescnhofen, Canton
Thurgnn, Switzerland, aged 63 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<bunc:ay). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 210 Douglas» street, near Eighteenth,
lnurmcr.t I. O. O. F.' Cemetery. Phase
omit flowers.
EHEPARD— In this city, December 11, 190.1,
Joseph. Shepard, brother of the late John L.
N. Shepard, * a native of Athens, Pa., aged
M vcajs. .
C7Serxices at 2:."0 o'clock Sunday at 2703
Dwicht v.-ay. Berkeley.
TABITT— In this city. December 11. 1903. Jo-
seph Tabitt. a native of Bayreuth, Syria,
aged 50 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at tU; chatx'l of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 1903 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
THOMPSON— In this city, December 11. IU03.
Ira Dent Thcrapacn, a native of Virginia,
aged SI ycars< 11 months and 11 days 1 . A
member of Yerba Buena Lodge. No. 15, I. O.
p. F.. and the California Pioneers.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at « o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh 6treet, near Marl.et,
thence to the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery at 4:15 o'clock, where services will be
held under the auspices of Yerba Buena
Lodee No. 15. I. O. O. F. .
WYNNE — In thia city. December 12, 1903,
Ker.ry F. Wynne, beloved husband of Addle
Wynne,' father of Henry' and Arthur Wynne,
and brother of Maggie, A.. Nellie R. and
William A. Wynne, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ared 44 years and 1 month.
WORMSEK— In New York City, December. 0,
1903, Louis, beloved husband of Anna Worm-
ser,. and brother of Isadore Wormser, a na-
. tive of Germany.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Icvlttd to attend the obsequies Monday,
December 14, 1903. at 1:20 o'clock, at the
rctridence of R. L. Schmitt, 1C03 Port street.
Interment private.
ZSCHIESCHE— In this city. December 11, 1903,
Edward, beloved husband of the late: Rosa
Zechlesche, and beloved father of Ferdinand
and Else Zschlerche, a native of - Berlin.
Germany, aged Cl years 10 months and S
days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Thecxicr Dierks! 957 Mission i street, brtween
Fifth end Sixth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriages. 'NEW YORK STOCK LIST. f
Stocks— HaJ«Tt HIch. Low. Clo<<e
A?ehi»on ... 8.300 «» 07*4 ("I
Atchi*on pfd 400 32% H2 02 U
Bait & Ohio 7.0CW 76*, - s 78 '
Bait X Ohio %t 4 . . . 200 87% 87% 87W
Canadian TadSc .. «« XlS'i i:sv» 11S»4 !
Central oZ-K f 135
Ches«i. "Jt. Ob»0 .... 600 «tt% 32% 82«I I
CW& ASM>n .. 1,800 S5^j 3**4 33'
Chi Alton pfd... . CS^j ,
Chi « O WcPteru..* SCO IV 1Z% l&'i
CW & GW.2 pfj. .... ¦ .... .... • 27>*
CfcJ & N'orthw^tn. icr;
Cfci Term Jfc 8'A '
CUi Term & T j>r<l .... is
C C C & St Ivruis.. C00 74T4 "3% 74T4
Ool^i Southern ..... 100 14 14 13U
Colo f»outh iKt pfo. 200 5*!4'. TH»4 6S>^
•rolo South 2-1 yW^ .... 22»i
l^cl & IluiJs«;ti JoO 15S TSS 157^
3X1 Lark A- vVoft.. U00 212% 242!£ '-.'42'i
Denver Jt iUo G 22
rienvcr & II G pfd. 100 71% 71 «4 VI \L
Erie » #25,20<> 29' 3 2f»U 29'
Erie 1st pf'i J* 700 «7% «»7i4 fT«i
Krie 2d P»'<! / 1.C0O M> 4'J-^ 00 ' ,
Ortat Northern jiffl .... 100
Ifockirj VaUey ... .... 74
Hiking Va! pf<3 S2
IllinoU Central 2.000 129 Ji 12S J2S%
Io* a Central.... 13&
#*ov.-a Ctnirol pfd— 100 28 3>i :w
r K C SotUJiern .' 1-SU
K. C Sr>uth»nt pf<l. ' :;•!
lyjj|« .v N.i»!i £01) . 105% JC5«*-UCr.«41
Manhatt*a I- VJO 141 140^4 •* 140'^ »
Metropolitan St Ky J.^ffJ 122 l31»» 121
Minn *¦ £t Lotils... 400 CO" *;» R»
Mls*rjr! PaciSc ... 7.S00 S2'/i t'lvi »I%
SCo Kan & Texas 17
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Meat Market.
The .packers and butchers, report plenty of
Hogs cominp in and ap eauy market. The
other descriptions 'are unchanged..
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughtertfs to deal
ers are as fellows :
-SPEEF— Cte©7%c for Steers and 5®6c per
lb for Cows. . ' '
VEAL— Large, 8©0c; small; 0@0>/6c per lb.
, MUTTON— Wethets, . 8©SJac;. Ewes. 8®8>4o
per lb. • ; " ¦' . - ' \ ¦
LAMB— 0%©10c per lb.
-' PORK— Dressed Hogs, T®S'«c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAR1CET.
The following quotations are f of good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San' Francisco, less >U
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: • •
CATTLE — Steers, 8@0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. ,
v, CALVES — 4©4Me per lb (gross weight).
. SHEEP — Wether's, 2%©4c; Ewes. 3};@3Jio
pcr.'lb (grogs weight).* >' .'¦ . •" :.' ; " "
LAMBS — iVie&c-per lb. '
HOOS— Liv« Hbgn, 140 to ISO "lbs. ff«4c; over
ISO lbs, 5c; Sows, 20 per cent Off; Boars, 50
per cent off. and Stags 40 per, cent' off from
above quotations. ,. •
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 7 5<g5«ic; San Quentln.
5.65c; Wool Bags, U2tf35c; u'leece Twine, 7hw
tic; Cotton Fruit Bags, 0>/jc. 6Vc and 7J4c /tor
the three grades; Brown Jute. 61*©7^c.
COAL— Wellington, $* • per ton; New ¦ Wel
lington,- $8; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, *« 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 00; • Standard, $7; Roslyn, $7;
Coos Bay, $5 DO; GreU. *7; Wallsend, $T; Rich
mond. ¦• $7 50; < Cumberland, •* ¦¦ $13 1 1n ? bulk ¦ and
514 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
14; Welsh 'Anthracite, Egg, $13;< Welsh Lump.
$11 60; -Cannel,- $S 60 per ton; Coke. > $11 60»
13 per ' ton - In bulk and $15 * in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions.' $11 45 per ECOO lbs and
512 80 per long ton. .according; to brand. V: ¦*
, • OILS— Quotations ara for barrels; x'or cases,
add 5c. -* Linseed.- 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for "raw r Castor Oil,' in cases. No. :l; 70c;
Bakers" - A A.»$l 1001 12: Lucol. 14c for boiled
and 42c for.raw; China' Nut. 55®70c per gallon:
Coeoanut OU.'tn "barrels,' 58c for Ctylon and 55c
for' Australlar.; -.extra . bleached winter Sperm
Oil 80c; ¦ natural winter Sperm Oil -75c; extra
bleached Winter Whale Oll.»63c: natural Whale
Oil. * «0c; ' extra - winter Strained Lard 'Oil. SSc:
No -1' Lard iOU." 75c; pure Neatsfcoc Oil, ..75c;
NO. 1 Neatsfoot Gil. «5c;' light". Herring, OH,
45c •/, dark -Herring. OIL;; 43c: Salmon Oil,' 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil,- He; boiled
Palnf Oil. 35c; raw Paint. Oil, 33c. .
COAL OIL— Water 'White Coal Oil In ; bulk.
15%c; • P**rt- Oil -In cases. 1 ' 22c; -Astral, 22c:
Star, 22c; Extra Star.* 26c; Elaine. 2Sc;. Eocene,
25c;- deodorized' Stove Gasoline, 'in * bulk," 17c;
in cases. 23'vc; Benslne, in fculk," 13c; Jn -cases,
1 » Vi c : SG-degree Gascllne, - in bulk, 21c ; \. tn
cases, 27l»c."»- ...-...-.-.-: •.:.•¦-.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 32%
Apollo 43 ..,.
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 20
Aztec ......' ...,y 80
California Standard ........ .... 10
Caribou 1 05 ....
Central Point Con 65 > ....
Chicago Crude .... 19
Claremont 24 3d
Esperanza ..; : 150 •
Four ........ 69 71
FuJton ' .....(.... .... • 450
Giant - 20
Hanford 137 00 " ;...
Home- 100 ....'
imperial '. IS 00
Independence • 15'" 18
Junction 19
Kern '. ' '4 00
Kern 1 River 10 CO '¦;.....
Lion '.*.*.' .' • 03
Monarch rof Arizona) V '* ' 4»
Monte Cristo .........." .;.'.''*•, . : 70
Occidental of W Va 17 18
Oil City Petroleum .26 ¦
Peerless ".. 13 50 • ....
Plttsburg ..: w 20
Reed Crud« (old) 3O ..;.-
SF-A McKitrrick ........; 3 CO ....
San Joaquln O & D 4 00 ....
Senator -.....'.% ..... .:.:..." 62 —".-.;".
Sovereign •• 37 30
Steriinjc ...;....'• .:.'...:.:: 2 55 ....
Superior •. .-... 05 07
Thirty-three 7 00 7 5a
Toltec in *n
Twenty-eight 425 ....
Wfi*t Shore '...... 2 00 ....
Associated Bonds ........... 67 • Kt
Reed Crude (new).. ¦ 4 ck
Miscellaneous— ~
Abby Land & Improvement.. .... l 50
Alameda Sugar '. 28 00 ,
American Biscuit .... ....
American District Tel ;.-.... .. ....
Cal Garf & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills S3 CO 03 00
California Jockey Club;.'.;.*. ....
California Shipping Co....... .... . 26 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust: .... ....
Central Bank Of Oakland. ... .... .....
Chutes Company.. ..........: .... . 7 75
Cypres« Ixwn Imn C« ". .... ; _. ....
Fischcr'u Theater 2 00 2 25
Gas Consumers' Assn •_..... ....
Honolulu Sugar ,.. 12 CO 12 75
Northern Cal Power ....
North Shore Railroad ... ... 12 CO ....
Orpheum Company 15 37^
Pacific State? Tel & Tel .»'.., ....
ParafHne Paint .....:....... .... ....
Pan. Francisco -Drrdock ....;.... v. ..
¦Sanitary Reduction WOrk^... 1 S5
SauwtfUo Land- ft Ferry ....
Bperrr Flour Company • . . . . ....
Standard Electric .¦-..*- ' --•¦ --:¦
Tcela Cofl Crt 25 00 SOkOO
Trucked. Eectrtc .-....-. .• •••• - ••¦-.
Union Pugar '...... ..... ......",
United Gas A Electrl .«:.....:.... , ' ....
- •¦ .'.*; -OFFICIAL SALES, r^
- ¦-. ; - ' Board — '* '. '. \,± ~ '<-„ ,"?r ¦ ';. •' , . •
{ loo Home.Su .......-....-......:.. .*.. . . 1 ««;
400 Home Oil V.-V ••••••"" .\...Y. . l,0«. .
?5'Thlrty-thre<> '< oil V.'. •"....;; 7 25
-50 R.F & MpKIttriek,OiJ......; 3 00
ICO Reed' Crude'Oll ...... .:..\.i..\. • 4 30
Bank Clearings.
Local bank olearirps durti^ the week Ju*t
ended were $26,790,701. afrainft $2S."507,459
during th* same week in 1SX>2. shosving l(*<\e
crease of tl.707.75S. The clearing* during the
corresponding -week in 1901 were f25.2:>S.109.
Quicksilver Shipments.
The exports of quicksilver from Fan Fran
cisco -by eea In November -were as follows:
To— Flasks. Value*.
New York 1.140 $49,920
China «25 26.C25
Japan 200 8.2^0
Mexico 300 12.0.">0
Central America 90 3.8M
British Columbia 3. 133
Hawaiian Wand* i 2 S3
Totals ..- 2.3S0 ' $101.7.'.2
In Novrmber. 1902. the exports were 1350
f asks, valued at_*5»5,£«». The .receipt* at this
port last month "were 2139 flask*, against 12SS
durin* the ramf month last j-par.
Lumber Exports in November.
The following shews the exports cf lumber
frcin San Francisco by sea in NDv?mber:
Xo FVet. Values.
Mexico .'. 19O.210 $3,277 |
« er.tral America : »27.636 . '25 |
Hawaiian Island* 92.534 1.475 1
Australia 61.O3R 2.5XJ»
N*w Zealand 27.4fi7 1.1301
33arfla 6O.(x» 2.010 I
Caroline Islands 30.775 4M
Panama 5,134 1*2 1
Totals , 494.S54 J13.9.'.9
I>jr.ntge— .
Great Britain 111.689 1,720
Grand totals 000,543 $15,679
In November. ID02. the total shipmtnts were
l.«I5,S36 fe*ti valued* at $45,1*03. Durir.g th*>
tarne month - In 1903 the export*, including
dunnne* and not including the shipments to
the Hawaiian Island*. were 3,(>4>,C13 feet.
valuM ii $107,92*.
J Teat her Report.
<12fch Meridian— Pacific 7*Une.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 12—5 r- m.
The following- are the Eeasonal ra.infE.lls to
dat^ ms jcoixir>areJ with those of same date
laEt'wtascn. and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— "I hours, season, stason.
Eureka 0-1* 14.52 18.49
Red Bluff... 0.04 8.76 12.02
Sacramento -....0.02 ,3.54 5.30
Sin Francieco O.07 4.49 5.10
Fresno 0.00 " 0.54 3.1.!
Intffppndenee ...0.00 0.42 0.83
San Luis Opirpo O.OO 0.44 4.»2
Isos Anrelee...; O.flO - O.43 3.W
Pan Diego 0.0» 0.40 2.83
THE COAST RECORD.
~Y- 2 's 2 2
1 si- f f 5i r? 1
STATIONS. £ «| |i- -it- .S
¦ *i c . c • '. • a
:??'• : I
Baker 29.9S 38 20 NW Cloudy Tr.
Careon 30.06 50 14 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.10 ' M 4* SW Cloudy .14
Faralion 30.12 55 54 S Rain .01
rr-ano ».»2 54 34 NK rioudy .00
FiagEtaft 30.O»> 44 34 F\V ft.Cldy .«Xi
PorateUo ...:.29.»S .. 2« E Enow Tr.
Independence .30.<kJ 4S 36 N Cloudy .00
1»» Anjreie*. . .30.WS <iC ' 46 W Cloudy .«>
North Head.. .30.00 4S 44 W Cloudy .">4
Mt T«malpais.30.C<} 4S 43 W Rain .12
>'hocrnx 30.10 O4 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Portland 2».»6 . . 40 F Cloudy -2<J
Point Reyct. . .3O.0Q 53 6O NE Rain - .27
K#d Bluff :W.1S 46 42 SE Cloudy .«4
RoBeburs 3O.OS 48 40 NE Rain .06
f-acramento ..30.13 fio 38 NE Rain .02
l^alt iAke 30.03 45 32 Calm, Pt.Cldy .0.1
.^an Krancisco.30.14 52 4S SE Rain .07
t^n L. Oblspo.30.12 «4 3S N Pt.Cldy .00
.^an Dleffo 3ft. 04 <>4 50 NW . Cloudy .Oft
Seattle 2».W>' 60 42 8 Cloudy .33
Spokane, 28.94 2$ 24 E Snow .16
TatooBh 23. M 28 44 W Cloudy .32
Walla We«a...23.!*« 36 2« B Cloudy .11
Winnemucca .S».*ri 44 16 W Cloudy Tr.
1'oma 3W.OQ CS 3S S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over Califor
nia. Nevada and Arizona. A moderate depres
rion is pacing eastward over Washington and
Northern ldalic.
Snow i* foiling generally In the Rocky Moun
tain rerion and eastward. Cloudy weather pre
vails on the Pacific olcpe, with rain 00 the
coast from San Francli>co northward.
* The ftilowir.? high wind* are r««x)rted: North
Head. TO Kile* j>er hour, from the scuth: Poca
tello. 2*i mile-*, and Lander. 54. southwest.
Forecast made at San Francfeco for thirty
bour» trndlnn midnight, December 13:
Ncrtbt-rn California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday, with showers; britk southeast
winds.
Southern California— Cloudy eunflay; light
westerly -winda.
Nevada — >:<»u iy Sunday; warmer Sunday,
with l:jrht rain ur fnow.
Sail FVaacisoo and vicinity — CJoudr. unsettled
weather Sunday; piobtbly t=ho-v«r«; li^ht «auth
east winoe.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
¦: " Exchange and Bullion."
The China took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of 510.316, consisting of $72S1 in Mexican
dollars % 2845 In gold coin and $190 to' gold
dust. '¦-¦•.' - ¦ ¦ -
1 Silver advanced %c. Exchange rates stood
' as before. .¦ . . ¦-
i Sterling Exchange, sixty. days. ... — $4 80^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S4Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables ....... —.4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — . u5
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — : - 07^
Silver per ounce 55',4
Mexican Dollars .....:.... 41 @ 42
Wheat and Other Grains.
... • --,. ; . ¦ " -...¦¦.,-. t
WHEAT— Advices from Europe still hing.d
on the weather in the Argentine. A cable
from Buenos Ayres from the agent of one of
the largest manufacturers of farm machinery
in the - Cntted -States - said • that heavy rains
'continue that damage is unavoidable and that
I prospects of the crop are declining..
I Chicago was c lower, with the Northwe3t
1 heavy sellers, of May. . ¦'. '. . ¦ ..
""The Chlcag-'o renort of Bolton. Do Ruyter &
Co. Eaidi "Market !s about H cent lower.
Liverpool cables were again a disappointment.
Broomhafl reports a general apathy as to'.the
movement of American markets so long as the
weekly supplies- continue so- liberal.. Ke adr
vises that the world's shipments .will be about
11.000,000 bushels, with very little change on
1 passage. A heavy fall of snow, which is also
; predicted for the winter - wheat belt, helped
! to ease tfco feeling. Primary receipts are. con- |
i f iderable in excess of last ..year. There were
free deliveries on December contracts, and the i
I discount for that option has been thereby in- ;
creased. Armour's operations are. so far" as ,
can -be Been, only cf a scalping nature. He
must be a very large owner of May . w^heat.
Altogether, conditions are such that .a,Confi
dent forecast of the market Is a very difficult
proposition. The price is not low, receipts con
tinue -large the visible will show another in
crease on Monday, and in our Judgment the
market will need the assistance of .more,
strength abroad." . . ¦. . '
Futures were lower- In this market, but the
cash grain remained unchanged. .. ;.,
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 .400142^4; California
White Australian. $1 5C@1 52V4: Northern Club.
$1 4001 41%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50©l 51%;
Oregon Valley, 51 40. •>
FUTURES. . . . , ¦.
.. Session" '-> to 11:30 a.- m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .1 $134H *1.:«U $133 »1 33
December— $1 34 bid. $1 3S% asked, r "
BARLEY — The rain weakened futures, but
cash grain remaiped unchanged, with a'ftuiet
market. CAS h BARLEY. - ;
Feed. $1 10©l 18?» ; Shipping and Brew
ing. *1 il5@l 20; Chevalier. ?1 45 for. fair
to choice.
FUTURES.-
Session 9 i» 11:30 a. m. :-•; .
Open. ' High. Low. • > Cto^e.
May ..$1 04H V- C* $1 IM« $1.04%
December— $1 09V4 bid. $1 10% asked.. : • A.
-OATS— Closed the week -very steady at Un
changed prices. ¦ - '¦ 'i-
White *1 22^@1 25 for California and ,
SI 27>j©l 35 for Northern; Black. $1 4U@1.65;
Red,-'$l"20(gl 32Vj for feed and $ 1 25Q1 at for
seed; Gray. $1 32^. . ¦
CORN — Receipts are not heavy.. but- they are
more than the demand calls for at the moment,
and the market Is accordingly weak. .
Western sacked, $1 Xo lor Yeiiuw. $1 25 for
White and $1 'M<&1 22Vi for Mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 22%«»1 3«; small round do,
$1 40®l 50; White, $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
RYK— *1 25'tfl 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 43 -'5©2 50 per ctl.
; . Flour and . Millstuffs. .". ¦
FLOUR— Calif "rnia , Family.,. Extra*; »4 60S*
4 B5 usual term?: Bakers' Extras. $1 5O@4 CO,
Oree'oa and Washincton, $3 00©4 2t> 'oer. bbl
ior Family and *3 k>0@l 40 for rfakera': 1 .
MILLST-UFFS — Pricea in packages ¦ are as
follows: Graham Flour." $3 25 per ICO lbs.
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal, 1 *3; Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal, *3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oal
Groats. *4 BO; Hominy. ?i©4 25; Buckwheat
Flaur $4 50«l 75; Cracked Wheat. *3 75; Fa
rina H 50;- Whole Wh«at Flour, $3 50: Roiled
Oats, bbls, '$7 25@S-QU; Inaacka, $<> 75&S 10;
Pearl HarJey, ?a: Sollt Peas'; boxes, ?7; Ureen
Teas, .*5 fiO per ICO lbs. . . * ; : .
Hay and 'Feedstuff s.
The tain. made' the feeling In Hay rather
soft, but quotations rehialhed unchanged.
Feedstuffs U-ere still q\ibted Jteady and un
changed. • . • " ¦ ;
BHAN— $10 60@20 00 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2H SO<g:aS -SO per ton.
SHOHTS— 410 0li'«20 &0- per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-»-RoUed' Barley. $24^25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal* $t-ftbe < milt. *27@2S «0;
lobbing, $2«fi30; Cocoanut ,Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, . l^tiOi-CMUAed^Ccrft, -$20 G0#3060;
-Mixed Feed. $22 •WtSfti:,. Horse Beans. fJ0<&40 ;
'•^ e HAYJ-Wneat.'.*$W910 50;- Wheat and Oat,
*13 ftO&lC 50; Oat, *13@15;- Wtld Oat, $11 W
Xi 60; Bnrlcy. ?UQ13-. Stock.' $10@ll; Alfalfa,
¦?tO(512 50 per ton. ,•. ; . .. . i+zYdV
STRAW—4Ogti5p i>er -bale..
Beans ' and Seeds.
¦..¦¦¦ •• .%'¦ i ¦ -r ..1 ' •'"¦'. '
No further change, Jn Beans in reported.' The'
demand lias materially fallen off of late and
the general tone is .easy. - - -
. BEANS— Bayois, ?2 3(B@2 40; P»a. $.t; Rut
ters $3 25; small White. $2 85@3; large
Whttt. $2 4O4i'- «0: Pink. $2 65©2 75; Ked.
S3 50; Lima. $3(&3 10: Bed Kidneys. $4@4 25;
Blackeye, $2®2 15 per. ctl; Horse Heans. $1 00
Q2- •¦- -' " - ' •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard; *2 <J5@2 S5: Flax. $1 SO@1 90; Canary.
5(J?u-Ac for Eastern: '^Alfalfa. ll"S14c; Rape.
194®-2V1c:'- Timothy, <€©-6%c;. Hemp, 3«®^iic
per lb: Millet. 3©3i4c; Broom Corn Seed. $20©
23 per ton. • . ¦ • • .- ¦ • . "
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 SO®2 per ctl. •
Potatoes, Onions ami-Vegetables:
Trade in Potatoes was quiet and the market
was still overloaded with low-grade. - stock..
There were' rio strictly fancy Burbanks' re
ceived from , Oregon. .. Th<S recent arrivals* by
steamer consisted chiefly of common stock,
which dragged • at the familiar, quotations.
There were no fresh Sweets received, but car
ried-over stock was abundant and moved slowly
"nt previously quoted rates. Onions ' were • In
ample supply and were rather dull at un
changed prices.
Receipts of Vegetables from Los | Angeles
were light and prices of String and Wax Beans
had' a . further advance under a steady demand
both for local needs and for shipment north.
Peas wererin good request and would have
brought higher prices had the stock been of
better' quality. Tomatoes, ! too, were ' wanted
for Khipment to Puget Sound ports and Los An
geles lots sold at higher rates In preference to
the Bay, - which ' were , frostbitten and other
wise in poor condition. Summer Squash .and
fancy Err Plant from the south were, steady,
but there was some large sized.'. Egg Plant
offering. ¦ Which could not bs 3old at any price.
Green Peppers were In limited, supply and
continued to « bring high prices. The other
¦vegetables were without quotable change. '
-. POTATOESr-Burbanks from: the river,. COW
•90c per ctl: Salinas . Burbankn, $1©1 45" por
ctl; Oreirbn Burbanks, ¦ 85c<S$l 05 per ctl: Klver'
Reds, 60S65c per ctl; Sweet. Potatoes, 00c@$l 10
per ctl. '* " . .-¦ '- % ¦'¦.¦ •-¦. ,¦
$1©1' 20 per ctl.- : -?-- .; ¦
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 1 4@(?c per lb;
String Beans, 7@0c per lb; Wax. . 7® 10c; To
matoes. 35@60c per box for bay and 753$1
per crate for Los* AnReles; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles. 75(R85c per. box; Cabbage,
GOC'per.btl; Carrots/ 75c -per sack: Cucumbers
per box; Garlic, C@7c per lb; Egg Plant 10c
p«;r'lb: Dried Peppers. 5@Sc per lb tof .Stock-;
ton' and - HiS!l2%c /for:, eoaf hern: Dried: Okra,.
12^c Der lb; -Green PeDDers. 7i&10e per. lb:
Mushrooms, ' 25«J30c per lb: Marrowfat | and •
Hubbard Squash." $10012 -per -ton for rou-ad
lots and %©lc per lb for tacked.
PoultryL*and Game.
Seven .cars- of Western Poultry were mar
keted durinjc the . week and the rtceipts : of
domestic were unusually heavy. The demand
was, lighter than usual, as a large number ef
restaurants were -closed '-during ; the greater
part of the week owlns to labor troubles, and
the receipts proved too heavy; for" the regular
trade to absorb. The market closed the week
dull, with- retailers well supplied and- quite
a quantity had to be carried over. Receipts
of dressed Turkeys were light, but s rhera was
plenty of carrled-over stock offering- and as
the demand ,wa«. nothing- extra prices had a
wide range as to quality. -Thin and scrubby
stock was neglected and some: very poor,. lots
sold down td« 15c per -pound.- '
Game cleaned up. better than at- any time
'during the week, as' nearly all the restaurants
hdd reopene'd 'and the ; demand • was ' more ac
ilve In- consequence. Prices, however. ¦• were
no higher, as receipts were heavy and; dealers
we're 1 anxious > to 'clean up. : .¦¦¦'¦: '- .
; POULTRY— Dressed Turkey^. ; I7«?23c per lb;
live Turkeys. l&<jJ20c per lb; Gee?e, per paJr,
$1 75@2; Gosling*. $2#2 25 ; Ducks, $&@0 per
dozen for old and $037 for young; Hens, $4 50
©5 for ¦' small • and ••; $5@6 for large; young
i Rooster*, v; $4 508 5; old Roosters, $4 J>0@5;
1 JTryet-E, $4«4 50; Broiler*, ?4@4 50 for- large
and $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,. $l@l. 20 per
dozen' for » old and: $232 25 for Squabs.
\ GAME— Mallard -Ducks. $2 COe^Jper dozen;
C^nvasback. *3@4: Spritr. $2@2 50; Teal,
$1 50; '.Wldpeon.i $1 6O@l 75:-. small ,Duck*.
1 $1 25^1 50;*GrayGeese,»$3: White Geese, $1®
1 50: Brant. $1 25 for «mall* and $2 'for -largo;
Honker*.' $5 for'large-and $4 for vmall; Eng
lish • Snipe, $3: . common Snipe. =$1-75; Wild
Doves, $1 20 S Rabbits. S2 for Cottontails and
(1 50 for Brush; Hare, $1 2501 60. ; -
Butt er.,'-Cheesa and Bggs.
• Quotations ¦¦ for /Butter '.shoW no 'further /de
cline, .but rtho : m,arlcet .continues ; very weak,
¦ with excessive t supplies on ' hand 1 ,' mainly , held
b*.. half a dozen, houeea. .' Dealers are- dls-
The markets under * this head remain about
as before. Hops are 6teadlly held, with most
of the crop passed out of growers' hands. Wool
Is quiet and more or less nominal.. Hides are
quiet, with salted stock easy at the slight de
cline noted yesterday.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^n under ¦ quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, Oc: medium. Sc; light. 7',4c; Cow Hides,
714c Ipr heavy and 7^ c for light; Stags, 5c;
SaitedTilD. we: Salted V.eal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10«4c; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip, ¦ 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; SheepFklna. Bhearilnes, Vo-gaOc oacn.
short Wool. 40<$6Oc each: medium. 70@0Oc:
Long ' Wool, ?1@1 50: ¦ Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for larg*- and Ji2*jC2 50 for medium, $1 26
@1"5 for small and SOc- for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. SI 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. *1@1 23 ror small and 50c' for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 31c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American.- 5lc. Gost
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; larga and smooth,
BOc; . medlupi. '35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4}4c per . lb;
No. 2. 4c; crease. 2^@3c."
WOOI>— Fall cIUj — San Joaiuln Iambs', 0®
lie; Middle County. ll«J12c: Northern Free.
11012c: Northern Defectlve.lOG'lle: Humboldt
and Mendocino.. 12@14c:-. Nevada. lStjlic; Ore
gon fine. 18(!fl9c; Oregon medium.- 17c per lb.
HOPS— 19tf 22c per lb for California.
Hides, ..Wool, 'Tallozv and Hops.
Chicago was • slightly higher again. • This
market' remained -'inactive, and unchanged, with
ample stocks of everything. . : • •
TTie Chicago letter- of Bolton; de Ruyter &
Co said: "TlM* market was again vhishtr.
There was *t>me covering of shorts, but, there
was also buying thrcuprh brokers, which looked
rather more like packing Interests. The dis
tributive demand Is gcod and hogs ara 5c higher
at the yards. A fair; run is expected .for next
week. The market'has had quite a sharp ad
vance from the: low point and some .reaction
would therefore . Reem natural. We, regard the
sltuatlrn as a healthy one and the, price. . not
high. We would buy Provisions on any reac
• CURED MEATS— Sacon, ll%c per -lb, for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 14c for light,
14V.o for extra lUht. 18c for susar-cured and
£0c .for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: -. California - Hams. 13<4JJ
13^;c- Mtsa Beef. $11 60 per bbl:. extra Mes«.
S12S12 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, *17;
extra clear. $24: Mess. $10; Dry Salted Pork.
12c: PiR Pork, $23; Pigs" Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c p«r lb. „,,
• LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per. lb for
compound and 9o for pure; half barrels., pur«,
»Hc: 10-lb tins, 0%c; 6-lb tins. 9T4c; 3-)b tin*.
10c. ••¦•¦• ¦•'¦'¦• : * . :
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. S"ic; three
half barrels, S-3ic: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
fiy.c: five tierces. 8%c . p«r lb.
Provisions,
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SATURDAY. Dec. 12—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.A«k.| Bi<l.A»k.
4s qr coup ..10»''110y, 4s qr cp newt Xi% 134 M
4s qr reg ..10» 110 13s or coup..l0S —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Ala A W Fs. — — Do 5- .... — 110
Bay CPC 5s. — 1A3 Do con 5». — If 4
Cai C G 5s. — 106 O W rtd 5s. — 9"
Cal C & E e Oceanic S f»s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102if Om Cable fis.120 121%
Cal-st 5s . . — — Pac G Im 4s. ft5 10O
C C Wat 5s. — ICO p E Rv 5».106%lC7
Ed L & P68.12O — P * C H «s. — —
F &C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6s.11<Unl20
Gearv-st 5s. 45 90 Powell-st f».113\i —
H C*S 5Us.lO4% — S F GAR 5s. »5 100
H C & S 5s. — 101 SF & SJV5s.1lftUll7\i
Hon R T Ks.lOt 106 S K of C O.112% —
L A Elec r»s.lOl mteU S P of A 6s
L A Rv 5s.lll%112% UOOft) 107*1108
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910> 1<S% —
- Do gtd «s. — — S P of C 6a
Do Ktd Ss. — 104 (19fR>Sr A.KK 1 *
LAP lem 6s.lOO — (lMWSr B.H«»4tO4-
Mkt-»t C 6s.ll8 — (lf>06> 104U1CS
Do lem 5s. — 114 af>12) 114% —
NRR of C6s. — 107% SPC 1 eg 5*.114 117%
D6 Bs -.. -.114% — ZM> stTnpd.lWVK —
N P C R 5«. — 107 S P B R 6s.ir:i 132%
N C R 6s..— 110 S V W Cn..lC5*i —
N C P C.5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 88*1 09%
N S R R 5«. PS — Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G J. H 5s.lO7 — Stkn O*K •>« — 1«>
O T Co 6s.. 117^ — U G & E 5s. — 105
.,., . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 I Port Co*ta . . — —
Marln Co. -. 61 — Is V AV Co.. 3SVi 83%
GAi5 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4% S F G & E. 68 6SH
Mutual EL. BVi — S F Gas L.. 3U 3%
PacG Im.. 51 54% Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 53% — U G A E... — —
Sac E ' G&R. — —
TRUSTEES' CEP.TIFICATES.
S F G & E. .68 — ' I '
' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd320 — I .
• BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.125 130 L P & A... 160 170
Anrlo-Cal .. 8S 91 Mer Trust ..23o —
Bank of Cal.447% — Merch Ex . . —
Cal Safe Dp. 147% 155 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2230 2273 Sav & L So. 94 101 X
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav.100 1C5 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.fcXO —
. STREET RAILROADS.
California- .. — 205 [Presidio 30% 45
Gt ary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant .:....— — IVigorlt 3T4 4%
SUGAR. X*
Hana P Co. — SOc Kilauea S C. — fl
Hawaiian C. 4i 44% Makawell C. 22% 2U
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch S P C 9% — Paauhau S C 14 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.142 — Oceanic S Co 5 6
Cal F C A. 92 — Pac Aux FA 4% 5U
Cal Wine A. 00 »i 91% 1'ac C Borx.167 — -*»
Morning Session.
, ' Board —
15 S F Gas & Electric Co.......... 68 25
35 S F Gas & Electric. Co 68 12 14
-5 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
50 Spring Valley Water Co. s 00. . . . S8 60
5 Spring Valley Water Co .-. 33 50
$5M> U. S 3 per cent bonds (coupon)... 108 00
$i00O Pacific Electric Ry 6 per cent.... 107 CO
S5W0.S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) 10S 75
Street— <•
$2CC0 Omnibus Cable 6 per cent bonds. 121 00
$UOCO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.... 107 CO
J crease. ?ll,000; surplus, $7,428,800, increase,
j $l.i 72.000. . -'
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
NEW ' YORK. Deo 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
42,591 barrels; exports, 19,121 barrels; steady;
winter patents, $4<&4 33; do straits. $i@i 10;
Minneapolis patents. • $4 55@4 -75; winter 'ex
tras. $..f£3 ;S;' Minnesota bakers', $0 7O®3 65;
wlnrcr low grades, $2 S0§3 15. ...
WHEAT— Receipts, 12,023 bushels; exporU,
30.4S2 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 80%C ele
vator and U0%c f. o.b.. afloat; No. 1; Northern.
Duluth. 82%c i. o. b.'Afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options' closed
steady. >i&%c net decline. . May closed S5»4c,
July closed Sl%c, -December closed 90c. *
• HOPS— Firm; State common to choice. 1903
crop. 24832c; 1002 crop, *21@25%c; old. 9@12c.
Pacific Cqast— 10OJ crop. 18#27c; 1002 crop,
21©25%c; old, 9!j}12c:
HIDES — Firm; Galveston, 18c; California,
10c; Texas. 13%c. . ' - £l*L
WOOI*— Firm: domestic fleece, 28@29c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, nominal; No. T invoice,
C 1B-I6c; mild, firm; ¦ Cordova, 7%@12Uc. The
market for futures closed steady. 5S15 points
lower. Sales, lKi.250 bags. Including: Decem
ber 6.3066.35c: March. »J.C0@0.75c; May.i 0.90©
7.C5c: July. 7.1off?7.20c; September, 7.30@7.40c;
November, 7:40©7.C5c. '• >.' ¦ I";
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3Hc;
centrifugal. 90 test. 3%c: molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, dull r No. C. 4.05c; No. 7. 4c: No. 8.
3.05c: No/J» 3-»Oc: No. 10. 3r.&5c; NO. H. 3.50c;
No. 12. 3.75c; No. 13. 3.70c: No. I*- 8 .'SS" i 00 "/
fectloners'. A. 4.:jOc; mold A. 4.70c: cut loaf.
5.05c; crushed. 5.C5c; powdered, 4.55c; granu
lated. 4.40c; cubes, 4.50c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market -still
continues steady, with a moderate demand
Common. 4©4%c;. prime. 5®5%c;. choice, 5%<S>
flfcic; fancy, 0%€7c. n
PRUNES— Remain steady, ranging from _%c
to 6%c for all grades. -• . . - ¦ •• '
APRICOTS— Rule quiet, with cboce quoted
at 8V«e9%c: extra choice. 9%ei01ic; fancy.
Remain steady; choice. 1^9
7%c: extra choice. 7%@8V*c: fancy. 9V4@10%e.
... , Foreign Futures.
. LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec..- M*"*'.' ¥o Y '
Opening ;. v 2-151'
Closing " 6 *H «3
¦- . -" -•• - - PARIS. '
Wheat- " - . Dec- Mar.- Jun..
Opening ...20 55 '20.5
Closing .....i........ 20 55 ; -20 70
OonfiuT . • 28 15 ' ¦ 27 66
I Chicago -Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— Wheat opened steady,
with May %c lower to %c higher at'81%c to
81 %c. but econ. showed decided weakness, in
fluenced by the snows and rains in the wiaier
wheat section and ' selling for profit-taking.
The declining tendency was augmented by the
extreme 'weakness in December, which sold off
l%c early In the day, on heavy, deliveries.
Commission houses were active sellers and
with little demand May slumped to S0%c. But
the advices from Argentina were still bullish,
and reports frpm Minneapolis stated small-sup
plies of wheat in the three Northwestern
States. These features. T together with reports
of a cold wave in prospect, .changed the-senti
ment in the pit and . during the 'last hour a
good demand developed with many .sellers on
the buying . side. The market responded lo
this demand and May advanced to 81 %C. but
eased off again. The close was steady, with
May %@%c lower at 81V,@8lV4c.
Corn for December delivery was weak, nut
May held surprisingly steady in view of the
weakness and the. decline in wheat. After
opening at 43%c to 43%e. May sold between
43%c and.43%c. closing at 43%©43«c
Oats were firm, on covering by Detember
shorts; the receipts continuing small. ' .During
the last hour there was considerable activity
In the pit, due to a number of local operators
coming in with large buying orders. May
closed at 36%S37c. ( , , . . .;. . '.,
Provisions w^re firm on smaller receipt* ot
hors and hipher prices at the-, yards.. ..May
pork was 17%^20c higher at. the close.. Lard
was 2%®5c higher, and ribs were up 7%c
The leading futures ranged as follows: -
Articles-^ Open. High. ¦ Iajw. Close.
Dec. new 7ft«i ' 70 li 7«M 7S%
May Sl% SHI S0% 8IV4
July . .., 77% 77% . 76% 7C%
Dumber 0 '. "T... ¦ 42% 42% - *. 4tU '-'. .-41J' t
May 43% 43V, 43% 43V,
5uly - 43% 1- 43% ; 43 , -. 43%
DeS";. 2 ::. 34% ?,m ¦''¦¦¦£*i ? - •¦.»%-
May .". .. 36% 37«> 36%.; 37
July ' 34H ,31% 3i% 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel—. . .
Lard per 100 pounds— ' ' ¦ •
January 6 45 6 50 6 45 '6 50 .
May . '.".V.'.:: 6 U (i 67% 6 62% 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-r ,. .
affy.:::::::':Si?tt V*i?-l%* «&*
Cash quotatiens were as follows: - >
Flour steady, patents. «®4 20.
straights. $3 70«i4 10; spring patents $ I® 4 M;
straiKhts $3 504T3 75: bakers'. $2 40<S3 25: No.
"sprfng wheat. 7SK81C-. No. 2 red. 81«««Hc;
No 2 corn 41 %c; No. 2 yellow. 44c; No. 2
oats..35%c;No 3 white. 34V 4 «,.35c: No 2 rye.
51c- good feeding barley. 36@37c: fair to
choice maklnjr. .4S®57c: No. 1 flax-seed. O.-Jc;
No 1 Northwestern. 9i>%c; mess pork, per bar
rel' $11 50(311 62%; lard, per 100, pounds,
$6 47%$ 0 50; ehort ribs sides (loose) $b 12 V,
«6 37>*: fhort clear sldts (boxed) $6 12%®
6 V whisky basis of high wines. $1 27; clo
ver, 'contract grade. $11-.. ¦¦¦....,
• Articles ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels ...:........ 23.700 22.400
Wheat, bushels ............ 5«., 00 • 51.100
SS«.;:::::::::::K -^S
gffi^g^u::-::::::::::iASS xi:S8S
On the Produce Exchange- to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. ie@25c; Dairies.
14(317c E*:gs firm, at mark, cases included,
25@27c. Cheese, steady. 10@10%c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
,.}••''?•'¦: VC; CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
$200; nominal: good to prime steer*. $4 60@
5 65; poor to' medium, $304 25; stackers ' and
feeders. $1 75ff3 00: cows. $1 50@3 JK>; heifer«,
$1 75@4 00; canners, $l'50@2 30; bulls, ?1 75
04: •calves, ?2 10®5 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 20,000; Monday, ,
45.000; steady- to 5c higher: mixed and butch- j
era. $4 45@4 75; (food to choice heavy, $4 6.VJJ>
4 75; rough heavy, $4 4004 60; light, $1 30@
4 60; bulk of rales, $4 50@4 65. - •
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000: sheep, ' steady,
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $.1 50<g>
4: fair to choice mixed, $2 50@3 35; Western
sheep, $2 25©3 50; native lambs, $4@5 S5;
Western lambs, ?3 50@^ 70. ' ¦ . , .. .'
Exports aid Imports.
NEW YORK, Dec. 12. — Total Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port
of 'New YojJc for the week ending to-day were
$0,370,886. ' " ' '.
'Exports of specie from this port" for 'the
week were $O74,9C1 in silver and ?107,000|n|
gold. •¦ '¦„:' * - ;
Impoftfl of specie for the week at Xcw York '•
were $10,019 in silver and $1,100,301 In £(jld._
¦ — ,
• New -York. Metal Market.
¦ - " ) -,
NEW YORK, Dec. I2.r-There was. 4 mod- !
erate demand in the metal market to-day, but ;
quotations remained unaltered. , : The .undertone '
of the iron market is firm, with prices un
changed. The ea*y tone of tin reported yes
terday continues to-day, spot at if :»7£f27 25. :
Copper was steady; . lake, $12 37{£@12 50:
electrolytic. $12 25® 12 37%; castinff, . $12 12%
@12 25. ' • :;.C
Lead— Spot, $4.25. -\v' -
Spelter nominal at .$5 25. *
• Nav York' Cotton Market:.".
NEW YORK. Dec. 12. — The cotton market
closed steady to firm r and unchanged. . '
¦ St. Louis Wool Market. -
S1\ LOUIS. Dec. 12.— Wool, dull, tending ;
lower; medium grades. . combing' and clothing,
17@21c; licht. • fine, 158?17%c;'', heavy,, flno,
12Q14>,ic; tub waihed, 20®3Ic %
¦"¦¦'.;¦ Northern .Business.* *:
.-• . ¦ *?¦_- - ¦ ¦ • • . *
SEATTLE, Dec. 12.— Clearings, $759,846;
balances. - $207,485.- ... -. • •
TACOMA, Dec. V 12.— Clearings, ' $336,720;
balances. $54,785. . ; ....• ,.. t;
PORTLAND. Dec. " 12.— Clearings. $535,087;
biilances, J74.479. -:¦;"¦' ¦ ¦ ' - -- --^-..
SPOKANE. ¦ Dec. 12 — Clcarlnps, $383,122;
balances. $63,100.
. Northern' Wheat '• Market.
OREGONV - . • '
PORTLAND, Dec.' .12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, .72@73c; BIueetom,..76c;' Valley,. 78"c. >
• . ;WASHINGTpN/
TACOMA, Dec. 12.— WHEAT-^Quief and
unchat'ced: ,'Bluestem. 70c; Club, 74c. ' : i
1100 Andes ' .20 HV> Goald A Cnr. SJ
2CO Andes 21 5fiO Gould A Cur. 40
900 Belch«r ..... 22 3C0 Gould $ Cur. 38
110O Rullicn OS 2«O Mexican 1 00
100 Caledonia 83 SCO Mexican ...102H
50 Challenge Con 2i> ICO Ophir ...2 CO
200 Chollar ..'... Zi< 100 Ophlr,^. -,-••;, 2 C5
10O Con C & V.I 12 1 * 1 mo Ophir ¦..;... .2 IS
too Con C & Va.l 15 20O Overman .... 23
2f O Con C * Va.t 2i»" ICO Pctc#i ....'... 22
4fK> Con C & V.I 27%! 5«H> Potost ...."..- Zl
50O Confidence .. ~R[ WO Savajre 40
SOO Conflrtenfe .. 76 1S0O Seg Belcher.. CK
5CO Con Imperial. ««' 3'W Fierra Ner . . S3
30O Crown Point. 17[ 2OO union Con . . 5fi
500 Exchequer ... 1%\ 5Ct> Tellow Jacket" 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. ' .
Following were the sales on the San fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Golcrmda Con. 17 SCO Ton Midway. . 4*1
2PO Mao.Vamara. 11 im> Ton Midway.-.- : 47
20O Mont Ton :.l 45 - .'WO Ton N Star. 33
C5 Rescue C5 250«> Ton N Star . 1 31
600 Ton Midway.. 4S ICO Ton B?traont.' T7
t CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Dec. 12—13 US. -'.
Bid. Ask. I PM.A*k.
Alpha *« 04 justic- ., r,» ' 10
Alta 02 04|K*ntuck ..... tfi. ' «H
Andes ...A.. 21 22^KeyeS Ofae's. — I SO
Belcher 22 2.-5|ijidy V."a«h.. — 13
Best & Belch.2 C5 2 lO^Mexican- 1 (« I ffi
Bullion 07 (>9i Occidental .. 4O 44
Caledonia ... SO Sl^Ophlr Z 10 2 15
. Challenge Con 22 23 Overman .... 2* "25
Chollar . 22 -ZJtpotosl 21 22
Confident* .. 7» 7K! savage . .: . .^. 4t' 42
Con C & Va.l 20 1 251 Scorpion ....' 02 03
Con Imperial. <V*. <UiSes Belcher.. f>8 • ffii
Con X Y 12 14|f?!»rra N«V.. n 5« BS
Crown Point. 16 17 Silver Hill... 76 78
Eureka Con.. — 50. St Louis IS 15
Exchequer ... IS 19i Syndicate ... 04 OK
Gould & Cur. 83 40 Union Cori . . 58 60
Hale A Norc. 49 5<> Utah .: '..•'11 12
Julia 04 C5 Yellow Jacket C 21
- ' TONOPAH MINES. . ' ':".;
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Alk.
Colehan — 19) paymaster .... w, »13
Esperanza ... -4 r-2: Rescue W> or,
Gipsy. Que*n. — HO- Ton Beinwnt. -75 •$$
Gold M Con., ©i . — JTon & Cal... — .22
Lucky Tom.. — 17 1 Ton H Star.. 31 .32
MacNamara . 10 11 Ton Midway. 4« ; 4S
Mont'Tonl 37% t 42 Vi* United Ton.. — ,12
A Berlin women's club of which Frau
Cauer is the leader, has a membership of
15.000, all working women. The'organi
zation publishes a paper and finds situa
tions for the unemployed, and its offices
present an unusual spectacle In a land
where women are not. as a. rule, what
would be called advanced.
'Business is at a standstill, and as already
mentioned is. flkely .to remain so until after
the' turn of tha.-year.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7©9c ior Royals and 0®
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.. 4g5%c,
sun-dried. 3%@4c; Peaches. 4%©«%c: Pears.
«@lde; Nectarines. 4®5%c: Figs, white. 4@4%c
In boxes; black. 4%o: Plums, oltted. 639c per
pound. ¦
PRITNES — 1903 crop. 2%02%c for the four
HAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
cop: 50 -lb boxes — Loose Muscatei. 2-crown,
5%c per lb; 3-crown, 5%a: 4-crowji. «%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c; do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c: Thompson's Seedless.
5%c. ¦ London Layers — 2-crown, %\ 15; 3-crown,
$1*35: 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2"M>: 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5o perlb; do.-3-crown, 5%c: Valencia
Cured 4Vic: Pacific, do. 3%c: Oriental, do,
2»ic. Seqded- Raisins— 1 6-0* packages, fancy.
8c per lb: choice. 7%c; 12-o* packages, ; fancy.
CKci choice. C%c: In bulk, fancy. 7%c: choice.
is^KtJTS-^- Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. • lS%«I4o:
No 2 UH<fl2c; No. •' 1- ¦hardshell. 13®1S%C;
No! 2,' lKSllV^c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X*.L, lOHc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8 Sic for Lansuedoc; Peanuts. 6<S7e for East
ern; Pecans. ll@13c: CocOanuts. $4 50^5: CalU
fornla Chestnuts, S^lOc per lb, and 10®llc
f °HONET^-Comb.' ll«?13c for white and 9®l0o
for amber- water white extracted, ,5®5%c;
light amber extracted. 4%e5o:.dark, 3%®4c.
BEESWAX— 27«2»c per lb. _
.Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 100 38^1 SSU SB
Nt R R *>t Mtx pfd ¦ . . '* gelt
NY Central l.sco H814 117% 117'A
Norfolk & West... .... .... 7 5«i2
Norfolk & w pfd •. ;v; n
Ontario & Western ' 2H4
Pennsylvania §,600 116*4 115U 11594
Pitts C C & St L 7. . 60
Reaaing 23.400 ilij, 43 4314
Reading 1st pfd ... 100 77 77 76%
Readme 2d pfd ..." . , gg
Rock Island Co 4,»O0 25^» 25U 25^
Rock Island Co pfd 2CK* 61H til ' 61^4
Pt L & S F 1st pfd go
ft L & S F 2d pfd. ' 290 444 44% 44
ft Louis S W 14
St Louis S W pfd.. ..; ;.. 31
I St Paul 6.700 141%- 1*0% 140<5i
I St Paul pfd 170%
Southern Pacific .. 11.500 47«4- • 4«i •' 46U
i Southern Railway.. 1,900 20<& 2UVi 20%
; Southern Ry pf d . . ftOO : 77 "'78%' 76»i
I Texas & Paclno.. . . 1.000 2t% 21% 24V4
j Tol St L & West 20
Tel St L & W pfd 34Vi
I Union Pacific 14.300 ¦ 77% ¦ 76 T 4 77.
I Union Pacific pfd. 87'
: Wabash 100 19'4 1»% 19%
I WahaFh pfd l;2e<> 33% SOH 361^
! AV & Lake l'-Tit . . . . 16%
Wisconsin Central.. 100 16% 1«% 16%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 37% ¦ 37% 37 Vj
Express (Companies —
Adams..,.., .... .... 220
American ' .... 185.
United States 101.
WVlls-Fargo .... ..... 200
Miwtilaneous —
1 Amalpam Copper... 27.W0 4»i»; 44% 44%
j Am rar & Found.. 1,500 l&H 17% 17%
I Am Car & F pfd 65'A
Amc-r Linseed Oil ....*' .... ' U%
i Arner Lin Oil pfd , 28
Amer Loccmot'.vp. . 100 14»£ 14% 14»-i
I Amer Loco pfd ¦ 1 74 V>
I Amer Smelt & Ref. 2tX> ' 4S% 48% "' 4«%
I Am trffltlt £ R prd ;'..¦.. S9%
An-er Sugar Ref... C, 500 123 122% 122%
AnaccnJa Min Co; \ ,75
Brklyn Rap Trans. 23.000 60 49 18
Colo Fuel * Iron.. .ViO 26 '2« 2«%
Colam & Hock Coal 500 12% 12% 12
Con&olidated Gas... 400 -lKJVi 1S2 182%
General Electric 164
International Pap«r V .... • 10
Interntl Pap«r pfd. 100 «3% 63% 63
International Pump ....'. ' r 21
Intcrntl Pump pfd : t>S
National Biscuit... ¦ ¦• t... ¦ 3«%
National Lead.,.. . 300 16% 16 16 .
North American ..,. 75 i
Northern Securities .... 90'i'
Pacific Mail.. -. -. . . .... 25
People's Gas •. . . 4.600 JMMi 97% 97%
Pressed Steel Car ' .... 25H
Pressed S Csr pf.J: ' 100 66 t ! 6 * ¦CS^
Pullman Palace Car ' 213 '¦
Republic Stf el 100 6% 6% 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 300 40 40 4O
Rubber Goods: 600 18 18 . 17%
Rubber GcmIs pfd ' 71
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 300 31% 31% 31%
U S Leather 200 7% 7% 7%
U 8 Leather pfd... 100 75% 75% 75Vi
V S Rubber •' ' ' 0
I' S Rubber pfd 38
U R Steel.. 5.700 10% 10% 10%
U jj Steel pfd ' r3,10>> 53i't Sl% B2%
Western Union. 100 S7 87' 86%
Total sales 381. 800 shares. * '
UNITED RAILROADS'OF SAN FRANCISCO.!
NEW YORK. Dec. 12.-^-Bond transactions
United Railways of San Francisco, lOOt) ar
$75 75. ;\-- :¦ ,-.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s re«. .105%] HOcking Val 4V»s.lO6
Do coup 106 1 Louis & N uni 4s.llO%
Do 3e reg 1 07 >4i Manhattan c g 4s.lO2 j
Do coup 107% (Mexican Cent 4e.. 70%
Do new 4s reg. 133%! Do 1st inc 14 .
D<^ coup 131% Minn & St L 4s. 9<5%
Do old 4s reg..lC9 Mo Kan & S T 4e. 06%
Do coup 110 Do 2ds -\ 77%
Do 5s reg 101% jl R R of MV 4b 75 -
Do coup 101%In Y Cent g 3%s.'f»9%
Atchleon gen 4s.HK)>* tf * Cent g Ds.i:;i>},
Do adjt 4s 87% Nor Pac 4s 102%
Atlantic C L 4s. JW Do 3s . 70%'
Palto & O 4s 100% Nor & W con 4s. 06%
Do»3%s 95% O 6 L# 4s & Par. 92
Central of Ga 5s. 104 Pcnn conv 3%s.. 95
Do let inc 66 Read G*n-.4s ... 96%
Chee & O 4%s -.lti2»i.St L & I M c Ss.lllVi
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74V St L A S F fg 4s. 84%
C B & Q n 4s.. 03 St L S W lsts... J02%
C M & B P g 4s.H0 Seaboard A- L 4s. 71%
Chi & N We 7s. 131 Southern Pac 4s. 87%
CRI&PRR4* «»% Southern Ry 5s. 113%
C R I & P n c 5s 75-- JTex- & Pac lsts. 115
OCC&8Lg4s 95% Tol St L & W 4s. 70
Chicago Term 4». 76% Union Pac 4s... 102%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 57 . Do oonv 4s ... 95%
Colo & So 4»... f£ V ,8 Stwl 2d 5s. <VS%
Colo F & I c 5«. f.7^1 Wabash lsts 114 :
Denver & R G 4s .00% Dd Deb B 59%
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% Wheel & L E 4s. 87 ¦
Do fren 4s fcSUJWis Cent 4s ... 89%'
Ft XV & D C lsts.102%1
NEW XORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief OG
Alice 14 Ontario' .,...6 00
Breece 10 Ophlr 1 70 :
Brunswick Con .. 05jPhoenix 03*
Comstock Tunnel.. OStPotosI .... ....... IS'
Con Cal & VH..-..1 00j garage ...» 34:
Horn Silver 1 00 P'.crra Nevada ... 42
Iron Silver .'.1 flSjSnvall Hopes 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02, Standard ..:... ...2 00
•-BOSTON- STOCKS AND HONDS.
Money — Wtstlngh Com. ... 75
Cal! loans C®6% Mining—
Time lonns ..... .£>&<*% Adventure 2
Bonds — . Allouez '4
Atchison 4« 'W% Amalgamated. ... 44%
Mexican Cent 4s. C9 Daly West 3S •
Railroads — . Binsham 20%
Atrhlson 07% Calumet & Hecla. 436
Do prefd »1% Centennial ....... 15
Boston & Albany. 2*4 Copper Rango ... 44%
Boston & Maino.107 Dominion Coal... 34
Boston L. 140 Frar.kHn 7%
N Y S K & H..19C Isle Royale '6%
Fltchburg pfd ...ISO Mohawk 35%
Union Pacific ... 7fi% Old. . Dominion. • >•• »9
Mexican Central.. OVi Osc*oia ............ 58%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21
Amer Eucar ....122^ QuinCy ;..;.-.;:;. S3
Da prefd 120^4 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Aaier Tel & T. .124% Tanwrrsck ...'Bl>'
Uomin Iron & S. 8. Trinity .., , 4%
General E!ectric..lC3 United States ../17%
Maes Eicc pfd.. 70 Utah ,» 29%
United Fruit ....102 Victoria ...... • 2
V S Steel 10% Wlnona '.."., .."... 714
Do prefd 52% Wolverine ....... 6S
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols' moncy.8S 13-1C N Y Central 122%
X)n account . . . . 8*J Nor & Western . . 59%
AnaoVinda 4 Do prefd .I....W)
Atchison ...... .."0% Ontario & West.. 22%
Do prefd : '.JS^H Pennsylvania 60%
Balto Sr. Ohio .. 81% Rand Mines...... 9%
Canadian Pacific..l22*4 Reading ...•22%
fbes & Ohio .... 32% Do 1st prefd... 40
Chlcepo G W ... 10% Do 2d prefd.... 31
Chi Mil & St P..14CV4'Southern Ry "..:.. 22%'
Deneers .... 20% Do prefd .. S0%
Denver & R G .. 22V* Southern Pacific. 48%
; Do prefd 74 '4 Union Pacific ... 80%
Eric .... 'Do prefd 00%
Do 1st prefd... 70U US Steel lOvl
1 Do 2d prefd.:.: 51% Do prefd ;. 54'Z
IMinnls Central ..131 Wabaxh 20%
A-ui.i & Na#h ..lOOVi V Do prefd .. 38
So Kan & Tex... 1SW
Bar Silver— Firm. 23%d ptr ounce.
Money — S#3»i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
whort bills is 3 15-1CG24 per cent, and for
three months" bills 3%@4 per cent.'
.1 Weekly Bank 'Statement. . ,
-NEW YOUK. Dec. 12.— The statement.- of
averages ; oT the clearing-house ; batiks of this
city r fcr the w^k^hcics: 'Loans.. $880,893,. de- ,
create. deposit*?, ; fS24.855.7OO. ue- i
i croKse. SJ4.70O; circulation, $46,117,800; In
i crease. ?iKi,20<J; legal ¦ tender*. $65,458,300, t In
ert* ee. fl.Usn.HO 1 );. specie, SI 51, 084, 600, -., In
ctmw, $724,000; reser\ - e, f 218,142.000,, increase,
: $l,763,5uu; reserve , required, f 210,714,100,; tie-'
STOCK MARKET.
Mornins Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE..' ,,
' Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ¦ *.y . . •
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San "Fran
clsco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
¦ Morning Session. ". ; ; }}¦?
800 Belcher 21; ICO Mexican .. ...I 00
10O Best & Belch. 2 10' 20O Ophlr ¦.'...;.. 2 tft
100 Chollar Zl\ 400 Ophtr • .'2 15
7CO Con C & Va.l 25 3fl(> Polos'.' .....;. 20
100 Crown Point', is! boo Savag* ....... \u
50<) Gould & Cur. 36 : 2C0 Sa\-;i«e .'...;. 40
500 Haje & Norc. 4-Si sort Sierra 'Nev ..84
200 Justice 10: 10i» Silver Htll ..77
itiO Mexican . 03[ 300 Union Con .. M
200 Mexican US< 300 Union Con' .." 53
Mining Stocks.
STRAWBERP.IES— $2 50@4 per chest for the
large varieties.
. RASPBERRIES— 50c per drawer.
. CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. ?ll®12 50; Jer
6ey», $10310 ?5 per bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spltzenbergs, $1 75@2 per
box; other varieties. $1@1 50 for. fancy. 75@a0c
tor choice ami £5fi'50c tor common; Christmas
Apples," $1 50@2.. • ¦ '
\PEARS— Winter. Nellls. from" cold storags.
SI r-Oi&a per box.
.PERSIMMONS— .V)cig$l per box.
GRAPES— 50<&.60c for Email boxes and C5c@
$1 for crttes: large boxes, $1@1 25.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, fl 25®
2 50 p*r box; Seedlings. 75c@M; Tangerines,
$1*1 60 for half boxes anrt -750® ?1 for quarter
boxes; : Japanese Mandarins/ 81 25 -per
box; Lemons. $102 per box; Grape Fruit.
51 COS 2 50; Mexican Limes. $4J24 50; Bananas,
SI l'5-'S2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2©U
for Central American: Pineapples. $2@3 50 per
dozen. : . '
•-As Is usually the case on Saturday, the de
mand for fresh: fruits was quite active, but as
supplies of 'all descriptions were, ample prices
had no quotable variance. Yesterday was
shipping, day r for Puget * Soand- ports, but the
demand from that quarter -was light,, as of
ferings of grapes were unfit for shipping and
there was very little , inquiry for Oran yes, as
the. northern markets* were being supplied
direct from the growing- districts. It ' Is re
ported ¦ that .the British Columbian markets
are overloaded - with " Japanese Mandarins and
are offerins them in this market at 25c per
box, f. ,o. b., shipping points, which, plUJ the
cost -of transportation and duty, would make
the price 45c or 5oc ' per box landed . in San
Francisco.. Yesterday's -receipts' of Berries
consisted^ of 2tt chests-' of large Strawberries
and a rexv chests or -Raspberries. • The Rasp
berries cleaned up readily, while the Strawber
ries were mostfy of poor quality and dragged
at unsteady rates. There was nothing new in
Apples or Pears. Persimmons were unchanged,
with, supplies ample for all requirement.".
Quinces have about had their run and the -|uo
tatlons arc withdrawn. ¦- * •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The California Fruit Canners* Association
will pay a rejular monthly dividend of 60
cents per chare December 21. • . -
The Alaxka Packers' Association paid a reg
ular monthly dividend of $1 per share yester
day
The General Electric Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of ?2 per share,
payable January 15.
Th* San Francisco Union Salt Company of
Alameda County Has levied an assessment of
5 cents per share, delinquent January 11.
At the office of the Contra Costa Water
Company it is stated that negotiations for the
sale of bonds are stlU jroins on. but no sale
has been made a* yet; In consequence no, div
idend will be paid this month.
The London Financial Times of November
27 save: "The directors of the London and
San Francisro Bank. Ltd.. have declared an
interim .dividend of 2 per cent (equal to 4 per
cent per annum) for the six months ended
September 30 last, carrying forward £12.4CO
toward the current half year. The amount of
real'zed assets of th« capital reserve fund has
further increased durin* »M half year, and
stands now at over £04.000. equal to £3 H
6d for every £10 shar«."
The ' delinquency of the 3c assessment on
the California Combined Oil Company has been
postponed to Decembef 16.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
mere 12.453 share*, valued at $701«. th« lead
ing sales being as follows: Home. 1650 shares;
Occidental. 1100;*Oil City. 2000: Superior. 1000;
Toltec, 1850; Four and Monte Cristo. 800 each;
Lion. 625; Chicago Crude, Claremont and Mon
arch. 500 each.
The week ' closed with all stocks qu'«t and
featureless. ,"
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 12.
Flour, qr sks .. S.4SS Chicory bbls ..' 25
Wheat, ctls .... 770 Paper, reams .. 3.40O
Barley, ctls 1.S70 Beans, sks 3.4?4
Oats, ctls ....:. "$33, Potatoes, sks... 4,175
Rye. ctls 5 Onions, sks ... 440
Sugar, ctls .... 770! Bran. s£s 4 O
Pelts. Mis ... / S,:mt Middlings. «ks. IS"
Hides. No 275* Feed sks 5
Quicksilver, flks 42|Wool bales ... 7
Leather, rolls- .. .tH Shorn eks ... 230
Wine, sals 22,200; Hops. baUs ... 312
Lime. Ibis 500 Hay. tons .... 531
Brandy, gals .. 2.S0ol
' . ' . OREGON.
Floiir. qr sks .. 7.4O« Bran. sk« , 1.6^0
Oats, ctls . S40 Shorts. sUs .... 32
Potatoes, sks . . 2.0S4 -. " .:'. .'
* * "'. — : — i — *
Shipment of $10,316 in specie to Hongkong.
Local bank clearings .$1,800,000 behind last year.
Silver advanced again. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wall street stocks close the week at a decline.
Dullness siiil riding in local stocks and "bonds.
Wheat and Barley futures lozcer and zceak. ,
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay easier, czcing to the rain. Feedstuff s steady.
Bean market relapsing into inactivity.
Butter and Cheese still in excessrve supply and weak.
Eggs off again, zvith more on hand.
Dried Fruit. Xuts and Raisins still inactive.
Provisions in good shape at Chicago, but dull Iwre.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted. .
No change in Caiile, Sheep and Hogs.
Potato market still overloaded \cith loiv-grade sjock.
Seven cars cf Poultry in from the West last week.
Game in good supply; but cleaning up better.
Fresh Fruits w ample receipt and brisk dctlfond.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
gusted '-with the stagnation In. second and
'lower grades and are offering thsm at almost
any price to get them out of the 'store. V
Xhe week cloe^d with. more Esgs on .hand
than for several weeks. The .public are net
taking ranch. at the. high prices ana 'are buy
ing the 'cheaper Eastern and cold storage in
stead. Prices have again declined. > .?
y Stocks of Cheese • continue excessive and a*
the demand is insignificant the market con
tinues depressed. • -
Receipts -were 19,800 lbs Butter, 0CO cases
Eggs and 10,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27&2Sc for extras anil
23£f2Sc for seconds: dairy. 18if24c; store But
ter, lT'Jc; cold storage. -MQ^tic; Eastern. 23@
25c per lb.
' CHEESE— 12@12t£c for the general market,
13c tor select » mild new and ll<jpll^c " for
lowtr grades; Young Americas, U**14c; East
ern. 15^® l«',4c; Western, 14&15e per lb.
. "EGGS — Ranch, 476148c for choice and 4ji3>
4Cc f^r small and mixed colors ; store, nom
inal; cold storage, -Eastern, 2t>&.sj
lor cold storage. .. .
RED AND. WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 0%3
7c per. lb;" White Lead, 8 &O7c. . according to
quantity.' —¦', - "- : n
v SUGAR— -The Western Sugar . Refining Com*
pany' quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes., A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.05c;
Powdered, 5.80c; Candy Granulated. '5.50c: Dry
Granulated, One. '5.4Cc; Dry GranulaUd. coarse.
G.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c;" Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c; ¦ Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.S0c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
harf barrels. 25c more: boxes. 5Cc more; 60-tb
bags, 10c ,mor« for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.8uc: boxes, 6.10c: ' H. & E. Crystal
Domino?, S.4<Jc per lb. No orders taken for
less th&n seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
. TURPENTINE— SCc per. gallon tn cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER- 13, 1903;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
OCEAN TBAVEL.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . . . - --». ¦
y£\r Jf*^ Sttamers leave San Fran-
/fii^ t -*S^\ eiyco as foilows: 1 . '-.-
fifzl_ \i»\ ¦ For Ketchikan. - WrangeL
/5*/-^©W68 sJ \ Juneau. Haines. SStig'jay.
I I \'€JOa>i\ I «tc. Alaska— 11 a. ra.. Dec.
1 \ yPJMirV/ / 2. 7. 12. 17. 22 27. Jan. 2.
W \\ Chance to company's steam-
Y_\J'^y/ ers at Seattle. . ,». :
"For Victoria, Vancouver.
*" — -^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
corr.a Everett. Whatcom-r-U a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12 17 22. 27. Jan 2. Change at Seattl* to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
Far Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. Dec. C 12. 18 24. 30. Jan. 5;. Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 8. 0. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angles and
Rcdondtf). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa Sundays* 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <vla San Pedro and E*»t
6a n Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis "Obisoo) Ventura and Huenem*.
Coos Bay. 9 a m.. Dec. 8. 11/19. 2T. Jan. 4.
" Bonlta 8 a. m. D«c. 7. 15 23. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada Magdatena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia' Guaymas (ilex.). 10 a. nt. 7th. «f ••cH
month. ; -'-i
For further information obtain foldtr. ¦
Right la reserved to- chang» steanwrs or sall-
ln^nC»BT Ol'l'lCirS— 4 N«tr Montarom-
ery street <Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. •'-¦ v «':
1 Freight office. 10 Market street. V ; '
' C D DUNANN. General Pa*senf«r Affent.
10 Market street, aan Frtnclactt.
O. R. & N. COi
"Cclumbia" sails Dec. 10. 29. Jan. 8, IS.
*S Feb 7 and 17. "George W. Elder" sails
Dec. 14! 21th. Jan. .3. 13. 23. Feb. XjUld-12
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
short rail line from Portland to all points
East. Through tiefcetc to all point* aJVr»J»
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and m«als.
Steamer satis foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. 8.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass^ Dept.. l_M°nt-
jtomery »t.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. , Agi." Fi«i«;ht
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. ¦ '-, .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL ETEAMSHTP .cb> " '-
gt«aai«rs will leave wharf, corner First and
Braiuu-n street* at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, caning at- KODe (Hleco).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and conMcthw at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
careo received on board en day. cf salilnj.
S I. NIPPON MARU (callto« at Manila) . 1
,..TVedn*sdajr. Decembf r 30, «03
S 9. AMERICA MARU
...Monday, January S3. 1904
S 8. HONGKONG MARU.
.¦;.. Wednesday, February 17. 1904
"Via Honolulu. Round-trio tlcksts at reduced
'rates For freight aid passagtt apply at Com-
Danv's offlce. 421 Market streets, corner Ftrst.
*^ yv. H. AVERY. General Agent.
ocean!cS.s.co. ssaa^s
S SL ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 10. 11 a-m.
S S SIERRA, for" Honolulu. Samoa. Ai**k-
land -and 8ydn«j% Thursday, Dec 3}, 2. p. m.
S § MaSuFOSA. ,for Tahiti. Jan. «. 1004.
43.JP8ESKix*B303.C3..«!!i.,lHilB!rc«.843IaW3
lrtBWBBIa.IIllarkslSL.Rsr It 7.PKiaSL
CCSPAIINIS TilA!r3iTL4»^ir3.
DIRECT LINE TO UAVRE-PARXS./^j^_.
bailing every Tnursday instead of *<CSf£Sei
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. l.om.Pier 42.^^oK»5'
North Rivsr. foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. *70 and «»-war<J. Sec-
end class to Havre. «45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED S*ATE£ AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson " Bul!d!nc>.
New York. J. F. 5TJGA2I & CO.. Pacific Coast
As«ats. 5 Mon'^omery aveaur, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad picket Agenta.
. axars Island and Vallejo Steaiaeri.
*"~St<samer ~Gen- FRISBIE*or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except SuBdar".
Sunday, 'j:Ij s. m., S:.'!t) p. m. Leave Vall»}o.
7 a. m.." 12:30 and 6 p.- ro.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. a.. 4:15 p. tn. Far«. 50 cents." Xn.
M»ln J508. Pier 2. Mi»lon-»t. dock. HATCH
BROS. - ¦• ¦..-¦' '-^
jM&$g^»a MENANDWOMEIt.
<^«l^cCBEb^&3 C»Bi3«torn3aataraX
'.fifflSFt. » to » *>TiSl discharg"!9.lnn»ni»atioaa,
JmW Ow»»t~i a IriiUtione or oleermijoas
IfC&i bm t» •t.-i»tor!). jf moeoai ni3rabr*n»«.
!¦ M rrnwk c«im*«. P«im«M. »od noi Mtrla-
Br?JlTH£ETAI!SCHEMtCilCe. /oat or poipoiioos.
\?5gK C1HCW!UTLO.SC^S Scld *' *>» B *fSl«la,
13^ |fc5.'4»"'3Hn •' wat lB p1 * 111 "»T*'P p **-
JZw&Wh^' - by •xpTBos. prapnid, for
\SpP9*m!7M tt-OO. or 3 bottles I3.7J. ,
p V r ii circuit- Mtt on nv>Mt.
AUCTION SALES
'IQnickly the Highest Am<mni"
That is what it msans to dispose of your
goods where they have been used. See
ANDERSON, "''
The Auctioneer,
About It. Room 20, second floor of PneHa
Building. Telephone Main 1852. ' K"»->-
atjctxo ar saxs -• . .
Of Christmas gift*. . 1 . handsome donkey cart
and harness, 2 pinto ponies. 4 stylish: nurrlc*.
12 buggies 7 wagons. 43 horses. 40 set3 of
harness. =Must be old. ! • ¦ . • - • "
Tnes&ay. Dec. IS, 11 a. m.. at
1140 Tolsosa St.; The Santa Clara Journal says that
thousands of tonal of -fruit -are lost an-;
nually in Sa'nta": Clara; CountyV that
might be manufactured ' ~. into . ';' salable
marmalades,- Jeliies/-r etc., v and , • that
Santa Clara- County, furnishes the best
field, on., earth for a factory in that
line. • . .;
Frcm a Society Woman's Diary.
My, milliner gave me a shock to-day.
"When," said she, "does your lady
ship intend paying me what you owe
mV?"
The ungovernable curiosity "of low-
den visit of (the Emperor and- Empress.
They .were heartily greeted with cheers.
This evening the Emperor and Em
prees visited the Royal Theater, where
a light military comedy, "In the King's
Uniform," was performed. The theater
was 'filled,' 'and the audience showed
signs of . impatience until the Emperor,
wearing the undress ' ; uniform of the
Gar.de du*Corps,Vand the Empress, at
tired* in* a. .beautiful "white brocade
gown,' entered the imperial ;box. c
v : Their -entrance was' the « signal: for a
great /ovation, the audience rising and
.;.; BERLIN, Dec/. 12.— Berlin, was agree
ably/surprised this evening by'the sud-
Per stmr Anryll— Dec 11, lat AO N, Ion 12»
W. Or schr Neptun, from Jalult. . for San
Francisco; *.-|sb«d to be reported all well. '
i . DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN^END- Sailed Dec 12— Bktn
Klikltat, from Port L.udlow, for Honolulu. •; ¦ •
PORT HA RFORD— Arrived Dec 12— Stmr
Coos Bay. hence Dec 11, to oail for San' Pedro
Dec -13, 1 am. •"¦-.,
SAILED.
Saturday. December 12.
Etmr Grace Dollar. Olten. Grays Harbcr. k
SPOKEN.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. ... ARRIVED.
Saturday; December 12.
Stmr Arsj-11, Gllboy. S dayi 0 hcura from
Honolulu.
Emperor . and -Empress -Attend
":. Production of;Light- Comedy
'¦ in \: Germany^
A sledge is slower than a tackham
mer; but—:.
Our frame department Is showing a
new line of frames In Kilt, oak and art
nouveau finishes. Good for Christmas.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
I -was not tinkind to her. But I
deemed it my duty to chide her, and
when she spoke (rather petulantly. I
thought), of starving, I recommended
her to cultivate poise.— Life, i
born women! It made me blush for my
sex. '' v."!'"*" ¦ '-. ~>*- : .-i..,.
G. Estudillo, assignee' of Miguel A.
Aguirre, transferred <\ to Archbishop
Alemany of- . San?.'Francisco, Bishop
Mora of Monterey arid: Los Angeles and
Bishop O'Conhell •• of * Marysville for
$3366 ¦ 60 all of their; Interest In the drafts
drawn' on the t pious fund! in ; favor of
.their -father, j Jose^ ," Antonio - Aguirre",
prior to the cession of California". to the
United states of .'^America. % It < is upon
. tljese drafts ¦ that' th'ey ' are'«now\ suing.
.The -widow 'of Aguirre; f pr^ $1833 33 pre- ;
viously convieyed t her interest under, the
drafts to'Bishop 'Mora,r These assign
ments : are' all "acknowledged -before no
taries public. V,;V /.': :
: ."The foregoing settlement,, in which
the* Aguirre family was; represented by
Judge : Sepulveda,^of Los" Angeles, was
the. result of several , years'-' dispute and
negotiation, and was supposed, to' cov'er
the matter for all. time." r^V'f?^ '•¦¦ - "'¦
giving voice to three "hochs," with
their hands raised In the air. The Em
peror looked well, and his animated ex
pression showed that he had recovered
from the effects of his operation.
KAISER DROPS
IN ON BERLIN
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12— A suit in
volving the famous "Pious fund" of
the Roman Catholic church and pos
sessing an unique historical Interest
¦was filed in the Superior Court of Los
Angeles County tc-<iay.
The suit is brought by Miguel
A&uirre. Jose A. Aguirre, Martin G.
Aguirre and Mrs. Dolores Aguirre ile
Pico against Archbishop Patrick Wil
liam RIordan of the Roman Catholic
diocese of San Francisco, Bishop
Thomas Grace of the diocese of Sacra
mento and Bishop Thomas J. Conaty
of Monterey and Los Angeles. The suit
Claimants of a Share of the
Celebrated Pious Fund Be
gin an Action at Law
SUE PRELATES
FOR THE COIN
It is alleged by the plaintiffs that
prior to April 27, 1S30, the Roman Cath
olic church of ; Upper and. Lower Cali
fornia owned property amounting to
more than $1,000,000 Vlthln the republic
of Mexico belonging -to what \va3
known as the "Funda Piodoso de Las
Californias," or the "Pious Fund of
the Californias." This fund was In
trusted to the sole care and manage
ment of the Roman Catholic churcji
for the purpose of converting the In
dians and for the propagation of the
CatholJc religion. , Notwithstanding
this • fact the fund was : seized about
August, 1833, by the Mexica n Govern
ment without the consent. of the;mis
gionary fathers, and down to the year
l«0 was retained by it under the. laws
of Mexico. In 1340 the diocese of the
Californias was established by the
Government and* placed under' the ad-
ix .for an accounting, in .connection
with what is ; known as "The < Pious
Fund of the' Californias,". and ithe case
has its inception in the early history
of California, /when the State was a
part of the Mexican republic. The com
plaint consists of more than fifty type
written pages, and is practically a
history of the Roman Catholic church
in California. '
Garret W. McEnerney, who attends
to Archbishop Riordan's legal business,
said last evening:
-"By an agreement made December 30,
1879, Dolores A'guirre, - Jose* Antonio
Aguirre, Martin A. Aguirre and Jose
In February of the' same year Jose
Antonio A Ruirre. the progenitor of the
defendants, is declared to have ad
vanced to the church, in connection
tilth the fund, the; sum of > t $25,000, and
the f und'. was charged -Vlthythis, debt.
Afterward General - Antonio . Lopez de
Santa^Ana, then provisional President
of; the republic of Mexico, 1 assumed/ the
sole administration, of ; the £fuhd : with
the declaration that he -would always
respe?t the wishes; of ; the; founders. xit
again came Into possession of the
church at a , subsequent "date, and its
administration has passed on down
through .the' various -heads of the
church until now it' rests with the de
fendants in the suit. The amount ad
vanced by Jose Agulrre never has been
paid, it is said, and the present suit is
to recover that amount.
ministration of Bishop Francisco i Gar
cia' Diego, and the fund was turned
over to hlmf
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER -13, : 1903.
48
ttat/E's. i^ SALE'S. J __•____. ¦HAIiE'S. • . : _ : j____ ; _|_^ : __*' '_'_/_. HALE'S. V ¦ \ -._ ._';'. TTATiE^S: ¦ "I / A^ E * S : H ALE'S.
f^n Ivio i IV1J%<3 T^ JLA I W LLii« ij IJ I • li v W^ i> tl 1 AS fl^iLSl o©
30 dars to do your Christmas buyingr. ChristlTlclS Bcddin 0 * ' ' ' ffl Aft SeCtlOH
Batisfactoxiiy. come this you Whit Wool Blankets €^^1 J$&ks. 1^3 K^^^^" '^^^^^^^ More helps for Christmas buying. a^'f^^T^V^^y
SanVL" Sui^ic^'xiu" 1 "'^hi^urt! '-"'- . e t.5" r^..."lJA C - e J"..f ' —- 1 MjffSjBf J[pb|^ ' / .^-1 - - -\"^^^|^W^ft >^^Sl^^MBBiH BiP eusnKM» that have been worked up
Then take tbrrn rp to the Santa Claus forter (if she hasn't one already). BBylr. j^jB^fflBBSK^SM—^-- ¦ " 1 -jfc-- V^^^^^^^WMB^Sir^BBffli from which t'o sell our tinted tops. lialC ollVerWaPC
thousands of pictures tve have been re- ,h c warmth and beauty' and 6 service TJ3F ~— —¦• , | ,1 ' —*£ -—' -mhi^, y^ to^ OOf 3 _- 5> - 0 anc i j-qq are Beauty.
that Interests any one who Is Interested Tte blankeu er« of th» bes^t crade of OUifor- I • ill Art Skins — In reds - tans « brown?, triple alliance in the interest
in children. Then take the children to n ia wool: Whit?, fleecy, sutrgentlve of com- 1 • ¦ >*. Yn9 vLlm -rave tnA A.ch >„!„,. «,-«o ...... P , • . . .
tbe third floor. Toyland. They will want fort and warmth. f5.w, $«.y». $7.50. %io oo, Q> fUg ' ' •• '" ' '. W grays and Jlesh color, e\en greens. ot t h c Christmas buyer. And
to stay her? the r^5t of the evening. $12. CO ar.d $13.00. ... %, • j3 much wanted now fi?c 7^c O^C /^"U^Ct-f^^oc- K,. - " »-,i:.,^.
Up en the fourth floor are the wheel Marseille, bed treads come in pattern? and « g§i§ (H ~? , ° "° ' C ' '^ ' Christmas buyers arc taking
poods: Wagons, velocipedes, automo- «tyle» only, to be had in Marseilles. |2.00, _ *^^ / W They re large selected ones. aHvnntncrp nt if \V<» tvrrp
biles, tricycles and wheeled locomotives. 12.50. $3.00 and up to J10.00. TL 7 1^ F^ • t It /I • • ¥ "» - ».» aa\amage OI It. \\ e AVCre
9 ¦ ° Fancy Bed Sets. W H8T 1^(111 I II 1*1 Q lWfk\T M \7#a |\JirfcA^7 Leather Novelties-Here are clever never so busy selling silvcr-
friMcfm>ic AHvirp* Th « »>•¦* Christmas suggestion of ail. in T T * m *"* ** * **.¦•«¦ V-B A fl Jl^ 2 T 1U. V HCiy V 1 Cr W things for Christmas, and of all the ware (and jewelry) as we were
WnriStmaS /VUVlCe these little Christmas boxes are a / , '¦ <*V . T • . ., ¦. - .• . . • ,i_- t .y't,
last zceek's ex P e- \ ?™ ¥^ k «°- || m " c h till you see what new things we have for them. -Not oniv doll t'eUdesi : .nJ I. It's^a war'ning-not a boast.
. r:VKC«. So there is pith ¦••Stui?t^.^ 2 5o t ?o islSKk 1111 ' 1 h o«ses, but new style furnishings for them ; the daintiest kind of white furniture. Here'se'ven a . the^prettiest. they're on the sec- Come.at once if you want any
ard point and mean- Hemstitched Linen Sets. cozy corner for the doll fixed up in real oriental effect. Another clever, idea is this bamboo furni- ond floor, in our burning "depart- particular article. If you don't
':..„ fn -.„., nn<> For Ch-istmas. ture Avhich we only received last week. Then the little people for the' house. There is whew tlip in ment ' in front of * the elevators. ' know what you want come at
co^ JL * 2 Jol ' t A%J^SK: teres t enters. Hale dolls are winning new praises every day; so manvof them and all. of km so Pillow Cord «« Tassels-Mercerized 5> n " a "n ° rC *$$
¦ **«.>„^Tvmtooa,**. g.^-f^a^!^2 natural; not one of them is overpriced. Many of them are underpriced, especially this week. silk, in all the best color combina- T>a Sets, $10.50.
•- „ re, c M -t .no-w-^at y ou TO SSS.!" Sre" £| C £S? Sf^thTSST dre^J 0 , 0 , 1 !" l 0T T' cn a f g w j f in ! ed 01 l es at u 2Sc and some bcautifuI Washing Macfifel M " * «^*£??*£5- iatla flrUiII-d ea "
w«Jt till next week to find out. Maybe It hemstitched, already put up ln pretty dressed dolls at 50c and QSC. But look on down the 1st. VVdMllIlg .ViacnineS, 4jC. o^j* a\ t graved, new shapes.
i won't be here then. If It la there will be Christmas ways: $4.00. $4.50. $5.00. Kir* g tr^.' '. A w . • - ' ' - -¦ tJeadS and Jewels. Fudding UlSheS.
bo raary rolk» here r°u w-lll likely noi. find $6.00, $7.50. $10.00, up to $16.50 a set. 1 r§ £3k ¦ 3 flw g ry /^ <¦»' A ?•/Ck lf«4-AUAnr2MrM ' >"35* Just like mam- . .In satin and plain finish, quaimula •liver
ll - 1 llW ll ltC5 /TlFC 111 twFt^oLIOiJr %f% the S wSn ere l8 e Th n ' Here «e the same low prices a K ain. putea. $o.5^\ $4.50 and w.oo."
; o^SMr^TS*^^^'^ • /<TTO We would advise you to take advantage of th There is no cloths Chrou^L^ scnt u st ? ck ; wi » not out lon ff . ; ..^ISd. -Satou^ «d «.
. you do. k^^J telling what this week will develop. We have tried our best to euess as ¦¦m^Jra^n* "they are washed, When thc y do K° wc must P a V ad- graved, $2.25.
b. r.ucnt «uh "UTlve are a, an.iou. c °u ld hoxi ! W? ? f the diff f ent thi "gs you would want, but JKt^fe?:' Lanndrv S««tq vanccd P" CCS 5 but in the meantime Bread Trays. $1.25.
to wait .,n vn U *r.i rene you well as Jfiil'T: V-THL ll ? " , ly We have mlsscd !t ln some of tIic m. but we don't want VOU to // i^rO i^ailllUr) CdS. , f . , Verj- pr-tty pieces in bright Mtin finish, en-
vou *.-<> to have ua. Jfi^VAA miss them. ¦ ifi •\\AlAS* 4 t^ t , , . take advantage Of our pood fortune. graved in larse block letters la Ui« word
; sSffSaSF^s _C^^S— , A Lot of $1.00 Dolls Marked 69c f%T\H^^" ?5 a t f? F s/ I7C bunch - --,~^^,^,, a
sect parcels annoy i;s nw than th4>- j 0 ZZZ ' A.r» • i <~i • ¦m-^r-** www M. JiSS Jjp \LJ^s "^^ a ta A blf> - 13 Indian Seed Beads, ioc and I7C. bowls - now desl * r ' s - *-°°-
} -ou. we ai» particularly watchful of this s£C~ &B&& 5^2> _^-4^^>» A Quick Christmas Offer. £)i^2r \\ x23 inches. As you j . "" , . :....._.
future For three days iaet week we <$&&>' Fu!1 jointed dolls with composition bodies, fine biscnie heads, eyes that +1 u , K , un£oI ,d {fyou nnd a Jewels, 3 1-3C, 5c and ;^c lor the
tfifln't ha\ >¦ a complaint of this character \z* r Gfc&f *nA clu-t r.r»t+v ,-.ir,i,<l-, tViot d,^ o i •? "" c . ul3l J u J '. " .' 3 -.f tin Tvash.tub, wringer, clothes basket, _„,.,, j „„„-
but w» are human cmxacxer. f^g 0 ¦ , - open and shut, pi ctty mouth that sho ws _ white teeth, mohair wig with cur- clothes rack, iron and' holder.' $1.00. round oncs. v"^*T«> . .'
_ , f _ '¦ u» j 'y ringlets. There are the lack stockings, patent leather slippers and. Smaller sizes at 25c and 45c.' Oblone Tewel* ioc and x<zr &«. ii^i
W^MS^^WM^. Jewelry_Hints - , Doir.Trunks, 6oc. ZTliZ^^LT^. 1
aSLsTJE^""'--"*'- To Take Advantage of at Once • Dressed Dolls, S oc. „ " S ClSv^WT 5^
— avrackarf l face; dressed out oven to the hat. 10 in.. Bisque heads, composition bodies, inside is an extra tray. On the outsMe TfitTimpH MillitiPfAr Jv -ft^TO !><"^^^F JL
Buy rl^e onJen.. Chirm may b« c» she 3 50c for signet bracelets, sterling: silver. 75c. dressed, with cap to match and a little 1 . s ., a *™f s lo^. and kcy ,- Big and roomy. 1 I 11I1111CU JTllHIUCry Rn)X fi^^'-JP^-"t,_'/"^.
. at «£y of Hales Mom. " The very ones that are sellins else- Jointed Dolls, 2^C. muff. 13 inches tall. S^xHin^ Others as low as 19c and as . V r l^^ll#^5 ! 5^^^aqr~fl
Doo-t^lt.danr^.ytacourd.rl.t. 25? for*p^rl .hlrtwalst sets. heL^'sl^epfn^eyes^long curf^hair.'"^! h , Bea^^l Messed dolls, 95c. with lewin^boxes. 35c. Nicely lined, with ZSESfcg^^ <4
n:«8 calendars. One woman ia«t week 25c for other shirtwaist sets, silver gray stockines s iDDers T'and fancv chemise- bls< l ue heads, sleeping eyes and curly a mirror on the Inside. ..- '¦"¦¦; Tht* fhrictmac ctvi^c «•• Viai- rt t( .wj , , /» ., .
raw a pmty one: came back the next day or oxidized. K 7 stockings., slippers and rancy chemise, hair, nicely nxed up in fancy dress, with China toilet sets, five pieces, pink dec- 1 ne Styles UC na\C Oi VP Her SoiTiet h 1 H 2"
to ret it. Seme one else had bought it. 25c for belt pins, ln those new face " ln - taIK The Piano* : ruffles, and poke- bonnet, short baby orations, with gold trimmings. > J1.10. - nraMra A i * T r« t. I r« . , <*
V«t the an r^Tthin, floor, where LttK?£{BSigSg^ the ends of long But lefs look at this special one. fln- SObks and kld #$&$. 17 In " £$ . ' . Till Kitchens Q^C i " P^^^' / for the Tdlet Table
we are wiiine rut P la S8 for *o iitu« this cha i n8 . S 5c. oi long ished to look like, rosewood: two sizes: . Doll Hamnmrks <>ZC rvuuiens, y D C. And the Christmas values Atomiyers—'or to -o
tTbt." d StalUar> ' and terra cot " Girdle chain and pin. 60c. Oxidized and 6 notes. 21c; 10 notes. 75c. We are well < . 1JO11 . XiammOCKS, - 3 C. Full-fledged affairs, complete with me \aiUCS. pS/ 1^.. H.,- Fwn
silver gray. fixed on pianos; all sizes up to $10.00. They're already strung up on a stand. B tove and set of cooking utensils There ¦ Fowder Jars-— 2^c to S.i.OO. tven
Keop to the right— keep eunnr Nickel-plated fobs, with seals and other Piano stools, 25c; rosewood effect; 7% l he next size Is 40c. is even a place to get water — a pump In- " some beautiful ones" m Bohemian
° ' ' " A ThTi^^je^w nore is iumnine lnCheS Chimes; But loo^ft^"^^' I "%&£ StSXVSR^iS. VbKS as Hcre are some new dr « s « J^ora^d cclf&tops* S^ ?£?
INOVelty KlbDOnS ever. It has the little things the wo- tower. Up iV the top Ire these eiftt fl S ured material; wooden wheels. andTeholes on the 'top' and 'all the cook- fine velvets, silks and chiffons, some styles in hand mirrors. 2-ic to $.1-00.
A general clean-up this week like nicn llkc> and il isnt ask '"c too much chimes. J1.25. Other sizes up to $6.00. OReed Gd-Carts. ing utensils. 60c. Others at 45c, 25c with foliages, many all black, some In triple Mirrors, some with cilt
' lZh hC T Vher f, c . lse «n you find think „ Es P«ially this one. varnished > and kitchen set. little stove and 25 colors, even a few of the new pur- fr ?™ e5 '. , SO , ra^ With S ° mC
Our best s 5 c Ribbons are ioc !. U f h \ alucs in gold jewelry? of Therwls the veranda memion hah ti n *S : haS fl «ured' parasol, steel wheels, pieces, fancy pans and kettles. 25c. _,-_ ' nA ££* ,,„„ TIlM1 ., • with nickel; 6?c, up to Siaoo.
Our best 4* Ribbons are ioc. G ° J 5 C « nf s /oo chfldren or misses - 60c . and two rooms^wfth an the" Xors £nd * 12S ' h ; Other sets at 60c, 45c, 10c and even 5c. pies and new blues. Then there is Toilet Waters-- Colgate's Hudnut s.
Our best soc to joe Ribbons are zsc Little beautvDins told -<;r windows necessary. At the windows are «HHDDAHf MAI ¥=r»C 1X/IM »> another case filled with made hats Bradley s and Pinaud s. The favor-
er 6estU to iocRibbons arefge. Gold ¦Sv? y nSiS! 1 riU^i^rh^V^SlSV'ilfonS Th ti rP I H^ B S WI^.' 1 marked at $3.95. Thev were made to e .'tes are here .
l^£fe fo^SaVk^ W 8T ffiS©S^^ -^^^ ald^^v^^^ 1 - 1 of them. ' Srn f %***£% - gg^
SSa^^lSa®fe.W Don- Furniture. Mohair Felt Hat Sfefe tO dr ° P m
J gl Gold watches, too, for ladles or gents. Bamboo dining-room set. table, four . chuvthU-tiki ' : " » .nw.,,, " ' ' " ¦ . r- .. .. - A '
See the Handkerchief ch D ! r r e s S8 a e n r d wh^enanW hand- P ainted I d.^'y^Ti.ffftr? .^jTfg-— , it's the last Shapes to Sell at 45c. Perfumes
vww cue IltinaKerCnieiS. nowcrs. gilt knobs, swinging mirror, 18 3 f f &9&K :: .4(»'4Z> # v .1 w V « 11
And C?pcaa v these 60OO hand rmhrnirW^ri Ql1li"n»n 1-.«,«^b«^ inches high. 93c. . '? , VS^fl r PRJ7F GJKFTCH Bright, fresh, new ones., Most favjr?d of all.
, . , 1 - dna emDroiaerea, all linen liandker- China closet, white enamel, with linen X ai- '' V^H^^^^'v^ < Crf^^J3»W PKIAt SKtlCn. * ' . •» -j . favnrit*» kind*
Chiefs put OUt tO-mOrrOW at IOC - oh<Sst - drawers and shelves; 15 inches. > -¦ ¦-p^^P^^^^^^^I^^^' IQ dlfTerCnt sha P C3 a11 this sca " Here arc tlie thorite MnaS.
SucH Ocau^such variety! suck economy, von', last lon S no;. II™ *£!!&& STS U £E£LJ%&B&M3§BL*- «p— » — SS b"^ o^.s'wen an f K"^
rr^t^ym. «- i S 0 /" 4 - ; *- S5 - w . , p . Rnr d^ icl (..'!:: vB j^5SS^^b». who have taken part. He pokes, some turbans, scoops, sailors, Y. „ & r . tU .
-/fe^S^fe. no duchess lace handker- cds k T |_ ;;;;;;; Uan£* __JS^JjK - »vit«. them and their n fact all the new shapes-hats worth side as well as tragrancc Wlthm;
/^g^^VWm cl l !CIS now abovc $7.50. but maybe to?: spread and sham. toStch? 0^ i J J S^l^^^SsBai fr!ecd3 to com « and s « th « $r -„ and Si 7' all eo to-dav at 1% «mc in prettv little baskets, Oth-
/VJn^ '¦•¦'KLrfES 1 whcn - vou seethe $7 50 ones you inches long. Others at 90e. $1.10 and £S t& pictures he -has received. ?IoO and $I./ 3 all RO to da> at SOme 111 prCLL\ liuic udSAXis,
ftL_i 'lSr&& wouldn't care to «ce anv others even 51. 'JS. Heavy brass beds. Jl.oo. White *"i S^!§?r^grA ' M» flsA — "^^E^k They are -on dismay in hia We closed out a manufacturer— ers in boxes ; all OI them With
\feua '-WL^*^ - 1U " c . , c lu - ce ain otners e\en enameled frame, pood wire mattress; 22 V P =»_!S2L (m\ JSSiwfi ~-^=— fej?^FW Art Gali^rv seronri nonr . ....
W| lf we had them, as these are so orettv. mches. t^-^ lffl,L_ r *gSsL Art caiiery. .econd floor, that's why. style and air and tone that is
WZ£&&M W&$W$Mm$Ml "THINKING OF HIM." .... Children's Ready-to-Wear 1 Hats, fetching.
1%*. duchess lace handkerchiefs as • — "- '. '. m Dainty little sacheti. 10c.
V^/\l| I^VW^ ha The SC $i n oo and $r. 5 o box handker- '"^g%F '" f» lin« V j°hals thal'Ltf bew'JSin/li A S^Ci ST"" 61 b ° UIft ° f Viry
f yl V NX/ \\ chiefs show many clever ideas. Some &^(L tT^&^3tf^*~2^ What ' s Ieft KO Out tSSV&'&S'aE 8 -
v /*' # v X^ / >k ° thcm are P ut U P ''^ e fans, some of Jv& / / \^av~ -^^?v /^"N I (*%&(*///*$$<:. v °* 1 '** \A\y vik vy^S^Ss'TSa to-day at 95c. And " achet rowders m uackaees. 23c
v^>^ ;%^ /^^ soSS of. them in a shclf sha^e de^iis! A^^SL^'J^^ l . . . ~. M ( Wm A few other childrtn ' 5 readv ' to - f^» c « tottie. c! t erto ( i!c b^.
l^xWf^^Z Thc holiday spirit is aroun^ the "^» : ( wHf^S ! • "* Think of These - • y§fr l klw wear 45c; wor $ro °- perfurr ' eg - .
/5^4 l^^P^ "v/ Whatever you do don't miss seeing \-^BJW|hOPaK^ Nothing he will appreciate so much L-^t*S Hf -* —^v
/Ai >^\:- Ss^-7 full of dollar handker- %S*BBSHBra£ L' as > something to wear. A pretty Sf 5^^ ife^^'ffi f^ h O n O*P^ 51 H 1 P> TTflff^f^lC
V chlcIS - Cc^itul lacy handkerchiefs, Necktic-and here arc as pretty oncs ' ¦AJlm.MO' WllClllg CClUlC 1 dllCLCla VUU
\ /4MV^ "oTA Vcn;se n ;^e Hn "^ wkh 8^ SkHavfloldt th^y .re^ nrcf Never Before Under 75c. ; . .
Y* \*\ Then at soc and 2Sc is our strong- HIPlF^f' ticst there are in the city Most of " /p5n^^^^.ISH / ' In fact, it's the same cloth in the same popular shades selling
// W^,-/ "vA !? est collection of all. Fine lace styles; rl3M$ll&te^ the styles arc our. own.' 2« 7^c ' • " ifiJ - If^Pf V-^PHI' elsewhere now at 75c. No rcaso 11 in the world why this shouldn't.
<' Jf \\ \sl' S~£.\, '¦) in some oi them the lace cocs almost ! 6e**m&l\ V j* • ' /lair I /• vB^sa^'^fir * j- ii--i- 11 1 ,,
S^ # A V^:"'v to the center. %Sl \v^Wl $1.00 and $1.50. \ Jg^ JAJ^^^^m^ And it would it everything had gone along smoothly. t i_, :
Wj^>^^\l====- V^^" < \ chiefs in little boxes. 15c for plain \V Ij bo ;rf S< 5oc to $3.50 a pair. (fl^f y • So the manufacturers ask us to take this thousand yards off their
X n ut^SiBl^fla^g!ga oncs ? - nd 2 $ c for initialed oncs, three '" fhen there arc initialed handker- - J^/^^^^^^^^ hand<.
HinHlH to tlie box - x " H-ft fanc .y c f m . broidcrcd meht robcs Wc kncw vou would take it off our hands quick at 2 , c a vard j CS3
nil— ~~ aaa Lagt feut b<;st Qf an; WhyiK haTdozen collars' Or " . : ' - ' .^ an you ??. K - et h any pIace else ' I9 inchc3 wide - Just the thin * for p€t "
¥ • u '"j*^ ' « v . » v -> hlu rir.T*, • < r"ff«> wr , ticoats and linings.
Linen Handkerchiefs, Hand Embroidered, 10c. a nait dozen pairs ot cutts? , _ And Dress Goods. Silks in Mind Now.
They would readily sell for 25c. They are fine soft linen, unlaundered. ' House Coats — that's the one gift above all others and one even\man expects if he hasn't already re- No shortage of popular things here. B1 fF^_ s^ r »tis. or reefers. 75c 11.09,
lou may think they are hurt or inferior in some way. Thev are not, ceived one. It gives home comfort nothing else does. Here arc the catchiest and cleverest styles out. You Plenty of Scotch Suitings; new styles japanese^llks 25c and 60c
and there are not a few of them cither— not the fag;ends of certain initials. would be surprised how many we sold last week. You will be still more surprised how many we will sell this as low as $1 a yard. Others at $1.50 Satins for art 'use. 50c and' 75c.
but 0000 (500 dozen), including every initial. We put them on a bargain week. By next Sunday we won't have near as good an offer .to make as we have to-day. $4.45, $4.91. $i.8> and $1.75. • This silk store is ready never so
square and assorted bv initials so vou can buy quickly. $6.45, $6-75 and on up to $10.00. . " " .' " Then Zibelines. They're the dress- ready in black silks as now; black-
10 CENTS. Less than half their worth, and at a time when vou are A P air of Rlovcs. $1.00 and $1.50 a pair. , ,: • ' • , iest of all for full costumes: marines peau de soies, peau de cygnes. gros
'' Gold rings, plain or with ' settings, Paper weights heads - of wolves and ash trays, even one for 25c; three- * I -75- 1 5Kiris. '>*¦%;
<rw 1 0- : O Its easy to. think of something for, "him." thing is to find 'it _if you come late. : ' A ' ft ~*^*~^ **yg> UOUU^r . . .
HERE IS THE BIGGEST
: CHANCE YET FOR
EVERYBODY;
Christmas Novelties,
Christmas presents,
Christmas Tots.
They Are Yonrs if You
Want Them.
SEE THE BEAUTIFUL
CHRISTMAS CALL
NEXT SUNDAY