VOLUME XCIV— NO. 78.
Continued on Page 2, Column 6.
When General Stewart was here seven
teen years ago he was assistant adjutant
general of the Department of Pennsylva
nia. At that time, he says, there were 3S0
men in line He declares that there will
be almost as many in the parade on Wed
nesday 'and the survivors will carry thir
ty-six battle flags, which have been plant
ed in victory .'In many of the great battles
of the • Civil v War. These precious relics
of a once great conflict are treasured by
the Pennsylvanlans and they will certain-
BATTLE FLAGS IN PARADE.
Those with General Stewart are: Quar
termaster General Charles Burrows and
wife and two daughters; Inspector Gen
eral Colonel F. A. Walsh and wife; Advo
cate General Alfred Burs, Chief of Staff
J. Corey Wlnans; W. H. Armstrong,
executive council; Thomas G. Sample, ex
ecutive council and wife; A. A. Taylor,
executive council, and wife; Thomas
Scott, executive council, and wife; Ad
jutant General Schall; Mr. Cummlngs,
executive council; Chaplain in Chief
Shuey, Surgeon General Alex W. Ache
son, Senior Vice Commander William Olin
and Junior Vice Commander James
AverilL
General Stewart was loth to be Inter
viewed: He was unable to say who his
successor would be, and he declined to tell
-what his report to the national conven
tion would contain. This is the third time
he has been In this State. Seventeen years
ago he attended the annual encampment
here, and he notes with pleasure the im
provements that have been wrought In
that time. He was here last February to
complete arrangements for the encamp
ment that opens to-day. He stopped at
Sacramento and addressed the members
of the Legislature, and his reception was
a notable one. Both houses of the Legis
lature extended him marked courtesies.
He "delivered two splendid speeches, and
it was* then that the lawmakers.discov
ered that the general was as great en
orator as he is a soldier:
GENERAL'S PARTY.
Adjutant General George Stone, Major
General William R. Shatter and General
Saulman were the first to welcome the
distinguished visitor. Past Department
Commanders Wilson, Aitken, Klnne" and
Cahen were presented to him, as were
also Major E. W. Woodward, Judges Van
Fleet and Hunt, Lieutenant Colonels G.
H. Pippy and Hendy. represented the
Governor and' were in full uniform. Com
mander Whiteslde of the Naval Veterans
and Maior Joseph Louck of the executive
committee were also in the party.
Carriages conveyed the party to the
Palace, where the general and his family
will be quartered. The rooms of the com
mander in chief were beautifully deco
rated with flowers. The general was de
lighted at the warmth of his reception
and expressed his pleasure on being here
again.
and was welcomed by a distin
guished gathering of soldiers and civil
ians. When the train containing his spe
cial car arrived at Third and Townsend
streets the party mounted the steps and
greeted the famous veteran.
*~\ ENERAL THOMAS J. STEW
g ART, commander in chief of the
H JT Grand Army of the Republic.
V^ arrived in this city last'nlght
Commander in Chief
Escorted to
Hotel.
"It Is said in extenuation of lynching in
case of assault that it is an additional
cruelty to the unfortunate victim to com
pel her to go upon a witness stand and
in the presence of a mixed audience tell
the story of her wrongs, especially when
she may be subjected to cross-examina
tion by over-zealous counsel. I do not
believe this matter, but it znust be re
membered that often the unfortunate vic
tim never lives to tell the story of her
wrongs, and If she does survive she must
tell it to some, and the whole community
knows the fact Even In the courtroom
any hlchmir.ded Judge will stay counsel
from any unnecessary cross-examination,
and, finally. If any lawyer should attempt
it the community may treat him as an
outcast. I can but think that if the com
munity felt that the criminal would cer
tainly receive the punishment he deserves
and receive It soon the eagerness for
lynching would disappear and mobs,
whose gatherings too often mean not
merely the destruction of jails and other
property but also the loss of Innocent
lives would greatly diminish In number.
"One thing is certain, the tendency of
lynching Is to undermine respect for the
law, and unless it Is checked we need net
be astonished If It be resorted to for all
kinds of offenses and oftentimes Innocent
men suffer for wrongs committed by
others." -
CRUELTY TO WITNESS.
"What can be done to stay this epidemic
of lynching? One thing is the estab
lishment of a greater confidence In the
summary and certain punishment of the
criminal. Men . are afraid of the law's
delays and the uncertainty of its results.
Not that they doubt the Integrity of the
Judges, but they know that the law
abounds with technical rules and that ap
pellate : courts will often reverse a Judg
ment or conviction for a disregard of such
rules, notwithstanding a full belief in the
guilt of the accused. If all were certain
that the guilty ones would be promptly
tried and punished, the inducement to
lynch would be . largely taken away. In
an address which I delivered before the
American Bar Association at Detroit
some years since, I advocated doing away
with appeals in criminal -cases.
"It did not meet the favor of the asso
ciation, but I still believe In Its W3dom.
For nearly a hundred years there was no
appeal from the Judgment of convction of
criminal cases in our Federal courts and
no review except in a few cases in which
two Judges sitting, a difference of opinion
on a queston of law was certified to {he
Supreme Court. In England the rule haa
been that there will be no appeal In crim
inal cases, although \a question of doubt
might be reserved by the presiding Judge
for the consideration of his brethren. Hon.
E. J. Phelps, who was Minister to Eng
land during Mr. Cleveland's first admin
istration, once told me that while he was
there only two cases were so reversed.
Does any one doubt that justice was fully
administered by the English courts?
•at Is well to look the matter fairly in
the face. Many good men Join in these
uprisings, horrified at the atrocity of the
crime and eager for swift and summary
punishment. Of course, they violate the
law themselves, but r«;ly on the public
sentiment" behind them ; for escape from
punishment. Many of these lynchings are
accompanied by the horrible barbarities
of savage torture, and all that can be said
in palliation is the atrocity of the of
fenses which led up to them. For a time
they were confined largely to the South,
but that section of the country no longer
has the monopoly. The chief offense
which causes these lynchinga has been
the assault of white women by colored
men. No words can be found to de
scribe the atrocity of such a crime. It Is
no wonder that the community Is excited.
Men would disgrace their manhood if
they were not. And if a few lynchings
had put a stop to the offense society
might have condoned such breaches of its
laws, but the fact is, If we may credit
reports, the black beast (for only a beast
would be guilty of such an offense) seems
to be not deterred thereby.
SWIFT JUSTICE NEEDED.
"Our Government recently forwarded to
Russia a petition in respect to alleged
atrocities committed upon the Jews. That
Government, as might have been ex
pected, unwilling to have' Its Internal af
fairs a matter of consideration by other
Governments, declined to receive the peti
tion. If, Instead of so doing it had re
plied that it would put a stop to all such
atrocities when this Government put a
stop to lynchings, what could we hav*
said?
NEW YORK. Aug. IS.— Associate Justlca
David J. Brewer of the Supreme Court
of the United States has contributed to
Leslie's Weekly an article on the crime
of lynching, in the course of which ha
says:
Noted Jurist Believes Thi3
Would Put End to
Lynchings.
Urges Prompt Punish
ment of Convicted
Criminals.
Justice Brewer De
plores Law's
Delays.
WOULD TAKE
AWAY RIGHT
OF APPEAL
and I don't think it would be right for a
man to say what" he would do if it Is of
fered to him. .; I am not a candidate : for
the . post > of commander . In '¦ chief, ' which
Is an honored! position. and one that Ge"n
eral Black Is .most ; deserving of. V This'
sentiment;^undoubtedly" is .¦¦ very strong
among the delegates to the encampment.";
> : General Miles spoke of the cordial greet
ings that he had received on the way/out
to the : coast and of the many kind |j things"
that had:;been? said gof thim>. in the « few'
hours after his retirement from the army
in .which' he had servedtho better part or
his life. * 'WSSBM&g*
pated it and remarked:
"Now, you' want to know whether • 1
am a candidate : for the highest position
in the gift of these old veterans. It is
a rather delicate question, '- and one to
which my answer might be misunder
stood. The advocacy, of my candidacy
began among my. friends' on .the eve, of
my departure for the West, and en route
we heard -a great deal about it. I am
afraid I cannot say anything on that
topic that will be of public interest Cer
tainly ¦ a man cannot accept * or refuse
such a position until it ia offered him.
ONE OF PEGRAM'S BRIGADE » MADE CAPTIVE BY UNION SOLDIERS.
BUGLER WITH A WAR RECORD AND , A NURSE /WHO GAVE SUC-.
V COR TO MANY WOUNDED DURING BLOODY STRIFE. . ':¦
BUTTE, Aug. 6.— On the strength of a
sensational signed statement made by
Edward Dorval, chief operator of the
Western Union Telegraph Company here,
to the effect that he was an eye-witness
to a terrible beating administered to
Frank Ortoff, the Wyoming stage robber
who led the jail break several days ago.
Coroner Egan has ordered that an
autopsy be performed on Ortoff's body.
Dorval alleges he saw Ortoff kicked in
the stomach repeatedly in an effort to
make him divulge the name of the person
giving him the gun used in the Jail break,
until the man's groans and frantic cries
lor mercy were hushed by insensibility.
Ortoffs body was found hanging In his
cell yesterday morning and it is alleged
the prisoner was driven to suicide by the
terrible treatment at the 1 hands of the
jailors. The case has caused the greatest
kind of a sensation j
KICK HIM ON THE BODY
TO MAKE HIM CONFESS
¦;. She "is ."a: member of : the Ladles _ of the
Grand' Army of the • Republic and also of
the 'Women's,: Relief /Corps. She » Is still
a .-.very * handsome woman =, and . will ¦ - no
doubt,' be; quite; a^central figure in the!
National : Encampment.
Mrs. Reynolds was married just before
the Civil War broke out. Her husband
was appointed adjutant of the Seven
teenth. Illinois Infantry, . and for • - three
years in r camp and • upon the battlefields
Mrs. • Reynolds j never left the regiment.
She was not an accredited government
nurse,. but nevertheless she relieved many
a soldier's suffering and assisted In every
way possible in alleviating the distressed.
She : , tells ; a . graphic story of • the fearful
battle of Shiloh and was . on the ground
through the entire engagement.
Mrs. : Dr. Reynolds . went to the Philip
pines "when i the Spanish war began and
spent 1 much j time giving the nurses . valu
able information in , caring , for the sick
and /wounded, and -also instructed the
army ,nurses, while in Manila, on Red.
Cross work., : . ... .... .
;. • .who is registered at t the Palace.
She has , the proud distinction of being
an | honorary • major, the title being be
stowed, upon her by Governor Yatea of
Illinois "for meritorious service in camp
and on the bloody battlefield of Pittsburg
Landing."
among the women
. M'<% who arrived yesterday to attend
'¦' r^ the G.*A; R. reunion Is Mrs. Dr.
A Belle Reynolds of Santa Barbara.
Mrs. Reynolds Bears
the Rank of a
The Invitations requested the guests to
come to the theater entrance of the
Casino, and after laying off their wraps
they passed to the lawn and into a large
marque arranged with a veranda. There
Mr. and Mrs. Martin received and at half
past eight the company adjourned to the
upper piazza, where a pagoda-like apart
ment had been arranged. The walls were
hung with rare Japanese tapestries and
the ceiling: was festooned with a Japanese
arparagus vine, with here and there bril
liantly glowing Japanese lanterns of odd
design. The floral decorations consisted
of scores of beautiful Egyptian . lotus
flowers floating on the surface of a minia
ture lake. Around the pagoda were
orange trees, in the foliage of which
G'.owed tiny electric lights in the form of
ttars.
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. 16.— In a Japan
ese pagoda that, though improvised, wa3
nearly perfect in its bamboo fittings. Its
m«re of gorgeous lanterns and brilliant
hangings. Mr. and Mrs. Peter D. Martin
entertained a dinner company numbering
ninety at Casino this evening. It was one
of the most elaborate affairs of the kind
this season and was especially notable as
being the first large entertainment that
Mr. and Mrs. Martin, who are very popu
lar here, have given since their marriage
here a year ago last July.
PETER MARTIN ENTERTAINS
ELABORATELY IN NEWPORT
Diaes Ninety Guests in a Brightly
Decorated Japanese Pagoda
at the Casino.
When his interviewer began to maneu
ver in the direction of a talk on his candi
dacy for the commander in chief of. the
Grand Army the general quickly antici-
"I am determined not to discuss poli
tics and am sorry to see that some pa
pers have been accrediting me with the
statements on political lines that have
no authorization. I have made no state
ments that might have a political con
struction and all that have appeared in
print are absolutely false. As to matters
of the army, I am cut «-f that now— I
have retired. I have no word to say
about President Roosr-clt or concerning
those who are identified with the mill
t- - forces of the country. Of course I
have gone on record as opposed to the
staff plan of the army, but I do not think
It proper to enter into a discussion of the
subject, for I have nothing further to
do with such matters. I opposed it when
I was In a position to do so, but that Is
neither here nor there."
NOT DISCUSSING POLITICS.
As a rule General Miles is retiring in
nature. Yesterday, however, he freely
mingled among the old soldiers, bowing
and shaking hands in response to their
greetings and entering interestingly into
their discussions of wartime incidents. He
smiled as one old veteran referred to the
battle of Fair Oaks, which marked the
beginning of the general's active military
career, and stood patiently before another
who was anxious to remind him that he
remembered the general at the final
skirmishes with WIlcox's and Heth's di
visions at Southerland Station, when
Miles, then a colonel serving under Gen
eral Grant, distinguished himself by put
ting to rout the Southerners after captur
ing 1000 of their number. He spent' an
interesting hour among the bluecoated
veterans and then turned himself over to
the newspaper reporters.
"Strange, isn't it, that I can never es
cape the newspaper men?" he remarked
as a sort of preface to the inquiries that
he anticipated. "Well, I will state for
your information that I am simply here
to have a good time with the soldier boys
and I intend to have It. As to my future
movements I am not yet ready to say
Just what they may be, for as a matter
of fact I have not had time to arrange
my plans. It Is possible that I may do a
little traveling.
ended at the Oakland mole at an
early hour yesterday morning, spent the
Sabbath day quietly In San Francisco.
Crossing the bay early in the forenoon,
the general and the members of his party.
Colonel Nathan Church of Ithaca, Mich.,
General John S. McEwen of Albany, N.
Y., Major Alexander Sweeney of Steuben
ville, Ohio. Major John D. Black o'f Val
ley City, N. D., General George W. Baird,
U. S. A., of Connecticut and Colonel H.
H. Adams of New York went immediately
to the Palace, where they later appeared
in the big court and received quite an
ovation from the congregating veterans,
who readily recognized in the manly form
of the late commanding general of the
army an old comrade of the bloody war
which made history for the world.
GREETS OLD SOLDIERS.
ZIEUTENANT GENERAL, NED
SON A. MILES, somewhat re
freshed by a good night's sleep af
ter his long overland journey, -which
Glory of Old Flag
Is Comforting
to Miles.
Opposed to this theory is the fact that
the child had been mistreated by the ab
ductor before the murder was commit
ted.
Yesterday Jackson returned alosa to
town and he was at once arrested on sus
picion, but refused to talk except to deny
that he had seen the boy. The police
have one theory— that the boy was kid
raped by mistake and was killed by the
kidnaper after he had discovered his er
ror. It is advanced as part of this theory*
that the intention was to abduct the son
of a divorced woman whose former hus
band hsd long threatened to get the
child, which had been awarded to her by
the court; that the husband employed
Ecme desperate character to abduct the
child for him and that the tragedy re
tulted.
companied an elder brother on an errand
to a. neighbor's house and waited for him
:n the road near the house. When the
cider brother returned the little one was
missing. All that couJd be learned of
!:im after that was that he had been seen
v.alkirg with a stranger some distance
along the road, and he was heard by a
passerby to protest to the man that they
were going in the wrong direction. Later,
ecccrS'.r.g to the testimony of several
women, the boy was seen in a buggy
with Harry Jackson and was crying.
They were driving away from Stevens
vine.
BtTTTE. Mont., Aug. 16.— With his head
crushed and marks of fingers on his
throat the body of 6-year-old Fonnie Buck,
vho was lured from his home at Ste
vensville on Thursday evening, was to
day found in the brush of the Bitter Root
Xliver, near that town- The entire vailey
is wrought up, and Harry Jackson, who
is held under suspicion, had to be re
rnoved to Hamilton lor safe keeping.
Since the boy disappeared hundreds of
men and women have been searching for
him day and night.
Last Thursday afternoon the child ac-
£l*ci«j DI*r&tch to The Call.
Montana Citizens Threaten
Vengeance Against a
Suspect.
Searchers Find Miss
ing Boy's Body in
Brush.
Wanton Murder of
Six-Year-Old
Infant.
CHILD DIES
AT HANDS OF
ABDUCTOR
MIGHTY ARRA Y OF GRAND ARMY HEROES ARRIVES
AND WORK OF THE ENCAMPMENT BEGINS TO-DAY
1 ' J '7 777/ the arrival to-day of special trains tiventy thousand
\J±y ' Veterans and visitors to the Thirty-seventh Annual £n
campment of the Grand Army of the Republic ivill be in
The momentous event in the history. of the men who fought
for the Union commences this morning. The various National
and State headquarters of the G. R. R. and the affiliated organi
sations will open and the' day ivill be spent in receptions and re
unions. \
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY , AUGUST 17, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.COMMANDER IS ESCORTED TO HOTEL.
..¦ Souvenir writing tablets and papeteries,
containing Mission and other scenic views,'
illuminated : with California poppy and
polnsetta pictures. . Good to write, home
and take" home. : Stacks of other souven
irs, ganborn, Vail & Co.i 741 Market st. ,*
Souvenir Writing Papers.
On Sunday, "August 23. the California North
western Railway "will run an excursion to
Uklah, -Each ttcket «old irmires a »eat,. for
the company will not sell a eingle ticket abovt
the number - of seats provided. Tiflfe of de
parture from Tiburon ferry will be 8730 a. 'm.,
and from Uklah on the return 0 p. m. Train
will not stoo in transit.- Fare for the rounj
trip only $2*. Tickets will be on sale commenc
ing Monday, August 17,. at ticket of flees, buO
Market itreet (Chronicle building) and Tiburou
terry. . •
Reserved Seat Excursion.
NAPLES, Aug. 16.— The eruption of
Vesuvius somewhat Increased to-day. The
stream of lava flowing from the crater is
divided into two branches. The longer
reaches a distance of 2500 feet in the di
rection of the village of Ottajano. The
other Is now. 2300 feet toward Pompeii.
There Is no Immediate danger.
EBUPTION OF VESUVIUS "
;, IS ON THE INCREASE
when they parted and grandfathers when
they meet again. f - *
Conrad served for over a year, when,
through Illness, he was compelled Jo re
sign, receiving an .honorable discharge.
In 1S64 he came to this coast and went to
the mines in Central America. In 1866 he
returned to San Francisco, since which
time he has been actively engaged In busi
ness pursuits. . , •¦.'•* "\
¦ For- the past five years he has been
bailiff In Judge. Hunt's court..
John has had a more varied' experience.
Joining the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania,
he fought straight through the war. He
served under both Colonel Good and Gen
eral Schmidt. When the war was over
he went to Hazleton, Pa., where he en
gaged in the shoemaking business and
amassed a comfortable ,• fortune. ; .', .
Just as , he was about to retire from
business reverses swept away the com-
petency, that he had ' accumulated, . and , In
1893 he accepted the position of foreman
shoemaker in the .National Soldiers' Home
at Dayton, O., which position he holds at
the present time.
Last year, just as he was arranging to
come to California to visit his brother, he
had the misfortune to ; fall ; down stairs
and fracture his knee cap. This' deferred
his visit until now. He is still lame and
Is obliged to walk with the help of a cane.
In speakng of hlsvlst to the coast, he
said: ! j^$|gl
"For years I have been looking forward
to ' seeing my brother 'again. Now I am
here, and ; though* I • am ; lame, we£ shall
walk '¦¦-. together < on : Wednesday : morning
side by side In the great procession of this
glorious reunion.^. The Stars and Stripes
Their lives then went in diverse chan
nels, and now after a separation* of forty
one years they, meet once more. Boys
When the call for volunteers came each
unknown to the other rushed to respond
to the nation's call.
When his regiment reached Virginia,
tho junior brother, Conrad, learned by
accident that his brother John-. was at
Camp Griffin, and, he at once obtained
leave of absence and went there, •
They had barely time to exchange a
few words of friendly greeting, .when or-'
ders came that called John and his regi
ment to start at once for Key WesVFla.'
This Was on January 5, 1862. The broth
ers shook hands and each wished the
other godspeed.
g^ EPAUATED by life's tide . for al
ft ¦ most the full span of their years,
J Conrad Troell and Henry H. Troell,
*"^ brothers, met in thjs city yesterday.
The stress of civil war had parted
them in the first flush of their youth, and
now as aged veterans they meet again
and together Bit down at a common camp
fire and return to. reminiscences of._the
days when they were 2L
The brothers were born in Schwebda,
Prussia, and In the early sixties came to
this country. Conrad, who was a botan
ist by profession,' Immediately struck out
for the Lehigh Valley. -in Pennsylvania",
and John went to Eckley. in the same
State.
f Los Angeles • will be well represented
In San Francisco during the encampment
week. Yesterday afternoon a special train
of thirteen coaches, bearing ttte delegates
and their friends from the 'south, arrived
in the city. The party consists of 412 per
sons, Including members of > Bartlett*
Logan Post No. 6, headed by Commander
Sam Kutz. The representatives from the
south are easily distinguished by their
yellow ribbons, upon which 'appears an
orange, emblematic of the horticultural
Interests . of Southern California. Elabo
rate preparations for entertaining* have
been made by the delegates who will have
their headquarters at . the .California
Hotel.. Fruits and wines' are to be dis
bursed in true California style and special
effort will be made to advertise the vari
ous interests of that section of the State.
As a large number of the delegates to the
encampment are . to return by way of Los
Angeles, It is purposed to" afford them
every ; possible ¦ information ; concerning
that city at the headquarters here prior
to their departure. WBbB&R
Los Angeles Sends to Encampment a
; Large Representation. x
SOUTHERN DELEGATES HERE.
that floated over us In the dark days
when tho nation was In peril will again
peace and prosperity."
Brothers Who Parted on Battlefield Forty Years Jlgo to
March Side by Side in Big Parade. ~"
BROTHERS, ONE A WEL1>KNOT7N CITIZEN OF THIS CITY, THE OTHER A RESIDENT OF OHIO, AS THEY
APPEARED ON THE FIEI^D DURING THE CIVIL WAR AND AS THEY ARE- TO-DAY, AFTER BEING
SEPARATED FORTY-ONE YEARS. v
California Is a great State and has vast
opportunities. It has wonderful people and
It will always be progressive. The old soldier
Is too settled to change his place' of abode,
but the younger people who accompany him to
this encampment will be attracted by the-ad
vantages of the State, and many will prob
ably seek home* here. Thus an encampment of
this kind will materially benefit thig State
of California. -
The attendance at San Francisco cannot . be
as large as It would be if the encampment
was held In an Eastern city. Take for In
stance the cltlea of New York, Philadelphia or
Washington. Three-quartera of the member
ship of the Grand Army of the Republic U
within thirty-four or thirty-six hours' ride of
those big cities. . If a session of the encamp
ment is beld In one of those places the parade
and national convention Is usually over In
three days. Members can attend without
much trouble. Notwithstanding the fact that
they must travel many hundreds of miles to
reach this city, the attendance will be large
and worthy of the Interest which la mani
fested by the people of California.
LIKES THIS STATE.
The Pennsylvania delegation, with which I
came, contains many men who were here In
1886. They recall that visit with pleasure, and
since that time they have been looking for
ward to the time when they might again visit
this glorious State. We are all glad that the
National Encampment Is held in San Francisco
this year. .:•-¦¦_; ";^
He said the annual encampment brought
about the transaction of important busi
ness and that it. was held for the electJon
of national officers. He asid:
There Is no organization In the world which
Is built on th« same lines as the Grand Army
of the Republic. No organization Is so gen
eral In its comradeship and its fraternal-
Ism. These encampments ¦ bring the survivors
of the Rebellion together, and the meetings
of /he men who shouldered their musket* and
went to the front In their nation's defense are
conducive of great good. They recall the
days when they sat round the campfire and
heard the shots of the pickets in the dis
tance. They recall old scenes and brine up
memories. Tire Grand Army is gradually di
minishing In n,umbers. Fifty thousand men die
each year. It Is an organization which can
not avail Itself of recruits. ' Thirty-eight years
ago these brave men fought, and to-day there
are not more than 900,000 survivors. Every
encampment sees face* missing. There can
not be, in the order of things, many more en
campments. Every man that was eligible to
be a member of this magnificent organization
was in the army before 1S65. From that time
we have not been able to recruit. We have
had no sources to draw from. There will soon
come a time when only a remnant of a once
grand organization will remain. In a few
years the Grand Army will be a memory.
Notwithstanding these drawbacks you will
have at least calculation 50,000 visitors in this
city. They are coming from all parts of the
United States, and this encampment will be a
memorable one.
ly attract attention alone the line of
march, when their tattered folds are un
furled to the breeze.
General Stewart said his trip was de
lightful. All along the route he^waa ac
corded receptions, though he tried to avoid
them. A stop was made at Albuquerque.
At the city of New Mexico the general
was met by the 'department commander
and by leading members of the organiza
tion. A campfire was held outside the
hotel and many speeches were delivered.
On Saturfiay' the general and party
stopped at Los Angeles. They spent the
day in sightseeing. On hi3 arrival In this
city to-night the general held a levee in
the corridors of the Palace. Scores of
comrades whom he has not seen In years
grasped his hand, and veterans from all
parts of the Union were Introduced to him.
In speaking about the convention, which
convenes Thursday morning, the com
mander stated that It would be an inter
esting one. He said many new laws would
probably be adopted and legislation touch
ing various sections would be regulated.
What that legislation will be he would not
say. He would not tell the nature of his
annual report, as it was an official docu
ment and would have to be presented to
the convention before its contents . could
be made public.
VIEWS ON THE GRAND ARMY.
Several Cases of Slight Illness Are
Reported.
The veterans of the Second Brigade,
Sixteenth Army Corps (Mower's Brigade),
will have a reunion at the offices of Major
Charles Chrlstianson, 220 Sansome street,
at 3 o'clock Wednesday afternoon, Aug
ust 19. Judge George P. Puterbaugh, Ma
jor Charles Chrlstfanson and Captain B.
C. Simmons will receive them.
Thomas Post will entertain this evening
at Steinway Hall on Sutter street. A
programme of exceptional merit has been
prepared for the occasion. Mrs. Lillian
Qulnn will recite "Keena Charge" and
"Teddy Terrors-"
Chief Surgeon Wlnslow Anderson of the
Hospital Corps . reported the following
cases of illness yesterday: C. Case of
Melvln Post No. 23S, Department of Kan
sas, First Kansas Cavalry, city address
420 Golden Gate avenue: Charles Llnd of
Santa Monica, Garfield Post No. 48, and
Army and Navy Veterans, referred to
Dentist Morffew: J. It. Spencer, Los An
geles, Heintzelman Post, San Diego, city
address 762 Howard street; L. B. McCoy,
Tacoma, Wash., Custcr Post No. 6, city
address 114 Fourth street: Nelsou Sutter,
J. C. Cook Post No. 533, Pennsylvania,
sent to St. Mary's Hospital.
The ladles of the G. A. R. of San Jose
are making exceptional efforts to enter
tain the veterans and the ladles who
come with them, when they shall visit
the Garden City of California. Mrs. El
conore P. Anderson, past natlona] junior
vice president and past department presi
dent of California, is one of the active and
efficient workers.
The naval veterans of the Civil War
Association held an executive meeting
Saturday evening to arrange for their
reception to visiting naval .. veterans of
the Civil War.. It was stated that an ap
plication had been refused for the use of
the United States steamship Marion for
that occasion. It-was therefore decided
to give a reception to all visiting naval
veterans and their friends at Austrian
Hall, 507 Sutter street. Thursday evening,
after the business of the meeting and
signing the rolls. . Prominent naval vet
erans will make short speeches, after
which refreshments will be served at
which the "ship will heave to, the* main
yard will be backed and all hands will
splice the main brace," and as the hall
will be crowded an early attendance is
necessary. All naval veterans of the
Civil War are cordially; invited*
VETERANS TO ENTEETAIN.
dets, Colonel James E. , Power, commanding,
and staff.
Fifth Division.
East side of Mason street, right resting
on Geary, column of fours faclnjr south.
Marshal Colonel Varney W. Gaaklll.
Aid?. Charles M. Bliss, F. L. Hanson.
Pand.
Colonel O F Long's Garrison No. 101. Army
and Navy Union. J. A. Bowden, adjutant, com
manding.
Phelps . Squadron. United States Veteran
Navy Xo. 12. Captain Charles Edelman. com
manding.
Farraput Association. Naval Veterans. \al
lejo Captain J. J. Tlnelli. commanding.
Fremont Signal Corps. Vallejo. Captain F.
R MucReynolds. commanding.
Gereral Lawton Camp, SpanUh-Amerlcan
War Veteran?. Vallejo. Captain W. H. Chad
liey. commanding.
Hopkins Squadron No. 11, Lofl Angelea. «-
Naval Post No. 400, Philadelphia. Com
rafcr.drr W. Simmons, commanding.
Sixth Division.
West side of Ma*on street, right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing south.
Marshal. Al Hallett.-
Aids. B. F. Lvdford and Frank Grube.
Band.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Seventh Divisions
East side of Powell street, right resUng on
Geary street, column of fours, facing north.
Marshal. Colonel W. H. Jordan.
Aid?, J. w. Hoyt and Colonel W. H. Sned
ak*>r.
Indejier-dent Rifles. Captain Echnlder com
manding.
California Valunteer Veteran Association.
Charles W. Gordon commanding.
• Veterans of. the National Guard, Captain E..
G. Eisen. ' .'^
Cadt-t Company Third Congregational Church,
Captain R. B. Moore commending. -..-/
Calvary Reserve Corrs of the Calvary Tres
byterian Church, Captain H. F. Hobson com
manding. ' ,
First Congregational Church Cadets of Oak-
Eighth Division.
West side of Powell street, right resting en
Geary street, column of fours, facing north.
Marshal, Oscar Hocks.
Bar.d.
Fan Francisco Turn Vereln, two floats, etc
Mission Turn Verein.
Ninth Division.
East side of Powell street, right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing south.
Marshal, Morri* Ftmlnoff.
Aids, Dr. J. W. Likf-ns and R. L. Radke.
Columbia Park Bc>s - Band and Drum Corps.
Columbia i'ark Boys' Club, Major Sidney S.
Pelxctto commanding.
Roosevelt Boys' Club. A. II. Hutchlnscn
commanding.
Au&trian Military Company. Captain Rus
sell commanding.
Austrian Benevolent Association, S. Saladin
president.
Grand officers N. 8. G. W. : Lewis F. By
ington, past grand president; H. R. McNoble,
grand president; C. E. McLaughlin, grand
first vice president; J. H. Gallagher, grand
second vice oresilent; W. D. Wagner, grand
third vice president; Henry Lunstedt, grand
secretary: Henry Martin, grand treasurer; W.
E. Foley, grand marshal, and grand trustees.
First Regiment. League of the Cross Ca-
*» •** EADQUARTERS GRAND
W f W MARSHAL. Grand Hotel, San
m B Francisco. Parade Orders No. L
A JL —The following announcements
are hereby made for the benefit
of all participating in the parade of Au
gust 18, 1303, in hon*or of the Grand Army
at the Republic. . ¦
'Aids to the grand marshal will report
to Chief Aid Colonel J. F. Burgin—
' mounted— at 9 o'clock a. m., sharp, at
the California Hotel. All organizations
must be m their assigned positions at
9:30 o'clock a. m., sharp. The bignal to
advance will be by bugle, promptly at 10
o'clock a. m.
Invited guests will report to Major Wil
liam E. Lutz, secretary of the executive
committee of the Thirty-sevcntli National
Encampment, G. A. R., at 9 o'clock a.
m., at the Palace Hotel.
Civic organizations will form in pla
toons, eight files front, four paces dis
tance, and the guide will be "right"
throughout the entire march, txcept In
making turns to the left. Carriages will
form in columns, two abreast.
Aids vrilt be specially detailed on the
staff of the grand marshal and posted
along the line of march, whose duty it will
be to see that the column is kept closed
and moving.
All bands will fall out and play as their
commands pass the reviewing officer.
Aids on the staff of the grand marshal
will be designated by white sashes when
they have no uniform, and orders con
veyed by them will be promptly obeyed.
The recalia will be as follows: Grand
marshal. Grand Army uniform; chief of
etaff. chief Aid and special aids,
fatigue uniform N. G. Cj division mar
chais, red sash, black suits, gold star;
Aides, white sash, black suits, silver star.
Commanding officers and Division Mar
shals will report promptly to the chief
•vf staff as soon as they are in position.
Organizations failing to report in time
will be assigned to the left of line.
Route of Parade.
Wi!l Ftart from corner Geary and Stockton
streets, to Kearny street, to Montgomery ave
nue, to Montgomery etreet. to Market street,
id Van NetJ avenue, to Hayes etrect, where
the j>arad> will be reviewed t>y George Stone,
chairman of the executive committee of the
Thirty-seventh National Encampment, O. A.
It., on the east eide of Van Ncm avenue, rest
ing on Hayes t-treet, and will continue on to
J'est street, where the parade will be dls-
ITltllH fl
Position of Subdivisions.
First Division en the south tide of Geary
street, right resting on Powell street, facing
east.
Keccnd Division on the east side of Taylor
ftrt-et. right resting on Geary street, facing
north.
Third Division en the east side of Mason
Uriel, right resting on Geary etreet, facing
north.
Fourth Division ca the west side of Mason
street, right resting on Geary street, facing
north. . ..
Fr.th Division on the east side of Mason
ftrett. right resting on Geary street, facing
couth.
Sixth Division on the west side of Mapon
¦Met. right rest.rig en Geary street, facing
*cuth.
Seventh Division on the east side of Powell
em*-t. right rtstlr.g on Geary etreet, facing
north.
Eighth Division on thejtrest side of Powell
meet, right resting on Geary street, facing
north.
Ninth Division on the east side of Mason
Etn • t, right resting on JGeary street, facing
FOVth. - ' ;
Gfcrge Vf. Wtttman. Chief of Police, and
i -....T. .
Company of police, eouth side of Geary ¦
street, right resting on Stockton street, In col
umn of fours, facing east.
Grai.d marshal. Colonel J. B. Fuller.
Chief of staff. Colonel William Edwards;
chief aid. Coloni-1 J. F. Burgin.
special aids — Lieutenant Coioael F. G. Han
son. Major K. L. Naj/thely, Major P. J Per-
Jtir.s. Major H. E. Curron. Major J. H. Hendy,
Major D. S. Dorn, Major D. H. Withern Cap
tain T. S. Bush. Captain R. E. Warfield.
Aids— R. 15. Hale. Dr. W. F. Kibbler, A. B.
Wood. George K. Porter. F. P. Bull, Dr R
K. Hartley, J. \V. Hoyt. Captain R. B. Hurl
but, Colonel Otto F. Schiller. Colonel Varney
W. Gaskill. Colonel J. B. Lauck, Captain A
A.\ oodside, George E. Crothers, F. D. Monak
ton M. EirnlnofT. Judge J. R. Altkln. Robert
Ash. Dr. E. R. Bryant. Major ft. J. Britton
Walter S. Hale. Colonel J. S. Toung, J M
Long. James Cremins, P. J. Conley. George
Habernicht, James K. Wilson. Horace, Wilson.
Charle* H. Long, John J. Bryan. J. ifausman,
Charles E. Quast and C. C. Royee, north side
of Geary street, right resting on Stockton, fac
ing east.
First Division.
Vnited States troops, south elfle of Geary
etreet. right resting on PowelL column of
fours, facie* east. • *»*""}
Seventh Infantry Regiment, TJ. S. A. Lieu
tenant Colonel T. C. Woodbury, commanding.
command* MaJ ° f C W « Hobbs '
w'SSS battalions of field artillery. Major J
* . \\ h!te, commanding.
i.HT* 1 * B " ttallon <* Coast Artillery. Major
IS. II. Ludeno. commanding.
Second Battalion of Coast Artillery. Captain
6. H. Hunter, commanding.
United States marines and sailors, north side
«i,?«« nr ? tr , eet< rlp . ht rcsUn * on Mason rtreet!
liej.enaRt. t. 8. N., commanding.
Inited Sta.tes marines.
LnJted States sailors.
Second Division.
First Infantry Regiment. N."~O C Lieu-
C , ol ? n " J - F - c <»»>°Hy. commanding
Fifth. Infantry Regiment. X. G. C. Colonel
J. P. Hayes, commanding v-oionei
tr F^ Bt « Iia i. UJlon of ArU11 «T. N. G. C Major
II. P. Bush, commanding. »*jor
B^lSSS. £m G ma^.nt mOUDte<i - C * Uta
N^ Val^ attaIlon from u - s - s - Marlon, Com
mander Thomas A Xrrney. commanding. Com
irandcr George W Bauer, commanding bat
tery east *IA* of Taylor street, right resUng
on Geary, column of fours, facing north
Company A, Veteran Reserve, National
Guard of CsJifornia. Captain C. K. King com
manding, epecial escort to ex-Union prisoners
rtret' carriage— George c. Parfle*. Governor
of the State of California; George Stone chair
man executive committee Thirty-seventh Na
tional Encampment G. A. R.; Major General
Arthur SlcArthur. commanding Department of
¦California and aid
Second carriage— TV, R. Shatter, commander
Department California and Nevada G A R •
°J7 1 7 e J, Thomas J. Stewart, commander in
crier. G. A. It.
Third carrlcee-LieutPnant General Nelson
A. MUM. V. S. A., retired; Chief Justice Su
ljr*>me Court Htate of California B*atty
Fourth carriage— Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz.
Mayor of the city and county of San Fran
c!«co: General Edward S. Salomon chairman
parade committee Thirty-seventh National En
campment. G. A. n.; Alden An«Jer*on Lieu
tenant Governor of the State of California
.Major William E. Lutz. secretary executive
committee Thirty -seventh National Encamp
ment. G. A. R.
Fifth carriage — Thomas P. Woodward presi
dent Board of Education: Michael Casey pres
ident Board of Public Works; Marsdea' Man
«cn and Herbert L. Schmitz. ¦• :
Board of Supervisors and Mexican War Vet
erans in carriages.
Third DiviBipn.
East elde of Mason street, right resting on
Geary, column of fours, facing north.
Marshal, Colonel Charles Boxton.
Aids, Richard Callopy, Herman Hpber.
* Drum Corps National Association oivil War
Musicians. . \
Spanlah-Amertcan war veterans. Major H, T.
Simen. commanding.
Fourth Division.
West eide of Mason street, right resting on i
Geary, column of fours, facing north, __j
The advance guards of the posts coming
from Fitzgerald. Ga., arrived yesterday.
The rest of them are coming over the
Southern route and are somewhat belated.
Among those who reached the, city yes
terday are Department Commander For
man D. Lee,' commander or' the Depart
ment of Georgia;' A-' W. Keeney, assistant
adjutant general of the department: J. C.
Buckley, vice commander of the depart
ment: Marcus Luke. A. Robertson and
Dr. Twyman. Commander Lee is a rignc
flelder. Colonel Keeney is pitcher and
Colonel Buckley is first base. Luke, who
measures 6. feet 4 Inches In his stocking
feet and tips the scales at 200 pounds,
without his bat. Is third base. Cy Clegg,
who welgh3 over 200 pounds and plays
second base, was lost on the road. The
team will appear in the parade In base
ball suits, carrying bats on their shoul-
Redding Post brings its _ own Veteran
Drum and Fife Corps. ;
V2TEBAN BASEBAIX TEAM.
MANY POSTS TO ENTERTAIN.
James A. Garfield Post. No. 34. will open
its portals at 10 o'clock a. m. .to-day
(Monday) to all visiting comrades, army
nurses, Woman's Relief Corps,. Ladies of
the Grand Army, Sons of Veterans and
kindred organizations, and will so remain
until next Thursday, Inclusive.
During each day there will be provided
a collation in charge of the ladles of Gar
field Corps, to which all named above are
invited to partake and are urged to be
present as visitors to the post and corps.
To-morrow (Tuesday) evening at 3
o'clock there will be held a Joint open
meeting of the post and corps In the post
room, on which occasion there will be pre
sented a programme of vocal and Instru
mental muscal selections and literary
features, which will be diversified by brief
addresses of visiting comrades, army
nurses and ladles of the Relief Corps and
Grand Army. Afterward a collation will
be served. . .
Comrades of Garfield Post and those
marching in its ranks on Wednesday will,,
after the parade that day, be served with
a luncheon at the post room by the
ladies of Garfleld Corps.
During Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday Mrs. Frances Peters, Mrs.
Henrietta MacKay, Mrs. Rosa Judson and
Mrs. Rosa Bergemann will be respectively
chairman In charge of the dispensation of
hospitality at the post roo.ni. •
The Sacramento Veterans* Brigade, G.
A. R., is sending a very large delegation
to the encampment. One-half of them
arrived yesterday and created quite a stir
marching through the streets. Sherman
Post No. S6 of Oroville, with thirty-five
veterans, arrived at 11 a. m. with their
own band of fifteen pieces, and marched
from the ferry depoit to the G. A. R. head
quarters, registered, and resumed the
march to the headquarters of the Sacra
mento Valley Brigade at the Lick House.
Other posts of the brigade arrived later
In the day. while the remainder will reach
here to-day.
DONATE FRUIT AND FLOWERS.
Posts that are In this city "already are
ordered to assemble at 11 a. m. to-day at
the ferry depot, meet their comrades upon
arrival, form in brigades and march to
brigade headquarters at the Lick House.
The first carload of fruit, flowers and
wine was received yesterday. The daily
supply for Monday will reach here early
this morning and be promptly installed.
The brigade will keep open house, com
mencing to-morrow morning, for the rest
of the week. An additional supply will
be received each day and for free distri
bution. .The band will be In attendance
every afternoon and evening, except wh.Ho
heading the brigade during the parade.
The following posts will constitute th«
brigade: Custer Post No. 5, Carson City.
Nev.: Phil. Kearny Post Xo. 10, Virginia
City. Nev.: Halleck No. • tt. Chico; Cal. :
W. H. Seward No. 63. "Woodland. Cal.: E.
F.-Vfc'inslow No. 7!>, Redding. CaL; Corinth
No. 80. Marys vilTey- Cal.; W. T. Sherman
No. 96, Oroville. Cal. : General John M. Mil
ler No. 110, Colusa. Cfll.; John T. Fremont
No. 152. Downleville. CaLLOlympia No. 1S3.
Cottonwood. Cal.: Maywood No. 134. Corn-
Ing Cal ; Winchester No. 186. Anderson.
Cal'.; General O. M. Mitchell No. 63, Reno.
Nev.; McDermott No. 87, Wlnnamucca,
Nev.
The general committee of the O. A. R.
Encampment urges upon all merchants
and persons occupying premises in the
business part of the city to afford ac
commodation of their stores to the visit
ors, and more especially to the ladies ac
companying the veterans. There is a lack
of public accommodation stations in this
city— unknown perhaps In any other city
of equal size and importance. With the
exception of the one recently constructed
at the east side of Union Square, there la
no place of public convenience in this
city, and in the present emergency, when
our city is crowded with strangers, it be
hooves our retail merchants to afford vis
itors every accommodation possible.
The Illinois delegation requests all Illi
nois soldiers and ex-soldiers to assemble
at the headquarters of the Department of
Illinois, G. A. R., Palace Hotel at 10:30
to-day. General John C. Black will be
with the delegation.
Ambulances will Be stationed at various
points and the physicians and nurses who
have volunteered their services will keep
in close touch with the police.
there are many more special
trains and extra sections of the regular
overland trains to arrive to-day.'
Every hotel and rooming-house in San
Francisco is reported to be taxed to -the
capacity and hundreds of the veterans and
their friends will' be accommodated to-day
on their arrival a,t- private .houses."* <•
j The mass of work with which the execu
tive and reception committees have had
to contend with for many weeks is near
ing completion and all concerned hope
that this morning will find everything la
good running order.
The finishing touches to the arches at
Third and Market streets will be made
this morning and the street decorations
will then be complete. Thousands of peo
ple*thronged the streets last evening and
witnessed the trial of the electric decora
tions. They are without doubt the most
effective ever seen in San Francisco and
are bound to evoke the plaudits of the
multitude during the week.
Chief of Police Wittman yesterday is
sued his orders to the Police. Department
for the week of the encampment. Every
precaution will be taken for the safety
and comfort of the crowds of visitors. On
the days of the parades the line of route
will be kept with wire ropes and the.
street cars will be stopped half an hour
before the procession moves.
«. —ORE than 10,000 visitors to the
JH encampment were reported to
Jftfff have arrived In this city up to
%J V IL a late hour last night, and
Brilliant Pageant
to Be Seen To*
Morrow.
Veterans 9 Posts
to Keep Open
Quarters.
Throngs to March
in Honor of
Heroes.
Committees Work
to Finish Up
Details.
VETERANS, WOMEN OF RELIEF CORPS AND LADIES OF G. A. R.
TO MEET ONCE AGAIN AT VARIOUS STATE HEADQUARTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1VO3.
Continued From Pago 1, Column 6.
2SCENES INCIDENT TO AR
RIVAL OF CITY'S WELCOME
GUESTS.
All the blood In a man's body passes
through his heart once in every two min
utes. BRfl
Before returning home you will be interested
in seeing Sausallto. Mill Valley or San Rafael,
the beautiful suburban home district: 14 trains
daily via North Shore R. R. <Sausalito ferry).
Fare, round trip. 25c to 5Oc. Mount Tamalpais
(scenic railway trip), $1 90. Ticket office, 61H
Market tstreet.-S. F. (Phone Private Exc. - 16tt.)»
Holders of G. A R. Tickets.
NOTICE
Minnesota ' Asylum Contracts for
Large Supply for Use in State
Institutions. #
ST. PAUL, i Minn., Aug. 16.— The con
tracts awarded by the State board of con
trol ' for. supplies , for the ensuing quarter
include a considerable quantity of chew
ing gum to pacify the patients of the in
sane asylums and the State hospitals.
The observation of the board Is that
chewing gum often has an excellent, ef
fect'on the patients and , that it enables
the- Inmates to concentrate their minds
on various 1 forms of work and . . soothes
them during. violent spells. .
N On being given gum some of the violent
patients have. been known to collect their
wits and diligently pursue a ' task.
FIND THAT CHEWING GUM
SOOTHES INSANE PATIENTS
KANSAS CITY. Aufc. 16.-Notwithstand-
Ing the fact that the Kansas River at
this point had risen a foot In the twenty
four hours up to 2 o'clock this afternoon,
when It became stationary, and that a
further rise is expected to-morrow, no
great damage is likely to result. West of
here, at Lawrence arid Topeka, the Kan
sas .River has risen slightly since last
night and at Sallna and Junction City its
tributaries, the Smoky Hill and Republi
can rivers, are rising at a steady rate and
sending their water this way. Most of
this water will reach Kansas City within
another twenty-four hours, but while a
further two-foot rise Is predicted, a fall
from that time on is looked for.
Traffic between the two Kansas Citys
is . still suspended, as the temporary pile
bridges are unsafe. A sand scow broke
away to-day, striking the James-street
bridge, the principal outlet between the
two cities, knocking several plies loose
and rendering that structure unsafe for
street cars or vehicles. At the Belt Line
bridge the current was so swift that it
became necessary to remove a section of
the bridge to let the great mass of drift
wood through. Fearing a temporary
abandonment of some of the railroad
yards in the lower part of the bottom%.
the Swift Packing Company moved se^j
eral tons of provisions to this side of thfe
river to-day. The water must reach fl£
teen f e«»t before it can reach the plant
or the business houses, however, and this
ia not at all likely. ' .. HW
FALL OF WATER IN KANSAS
RIVER IS EXPECTED SOON
til the sun had disappeared beyond the
horizon.
"Yes, sah." remarked the man from the
Northwest, In accents pronouncedly
Southern, to a Call reporter, "I was on
the other side and -had a lot of fighting
to do. I live 'way up in Washington and
when I heard that the Grand Army chaps
were going to meet here, I quietly said to
myself that I'd go down to 'Frisco and
see some of the fellbws that were plump
ing lead at us back In the sixties. I put
on the gray clothes because I wanted to
get acquainted, and I knew that when
these chaps saw me coming they would
be pretty nigh keen enough to learn who
I was, and wo would have a good time
making up over our old troubles. ; ;i ;
OLD SORES HAVE HEALED.
"The war's over and we are all broth
ers and sisters again, ain't we, com
rades?"—and a chorus of voices respond
ed with "You bet."
"See that fellow over there?", suddenly
exclaimed Heater, pointing to a Union
veteran wearing a yeljow badge of In
diana's delegation, "I'll be d— d if he
ain't one of the fellows who captured me
and a lot of our brigade in '61. It was
the First Indiana Cavalry. Say, old man,
I spent an hour blazing away at your
crowd, and If half of the bullets my gun
belched that day reached the mark I must
have killed a hundred of you.
"But," added Heater, rather thought
fully, "I guess they didn't. At any rate,
I hope they didn't. Wai, sah, on May 20,
'64, the Eighteenth Pennsylvania - In
fantry got me again, and do you know,
they came nigh keeping me fo' good, sah!"
—and as Heater's mind reverted to the in
cident' of forty years ago he glanced
slowly around him, scanning the features
of his newly made gray-haired acquaint
ances and added: "Well, : boys, we're all
getting pretty close to the grave. It's too
bad we ever fought as fiercely as we did,
g + j* OHN W. HEATER, sah,
• • M Thirty-first Virginia, Pe-
M gram's Brigade, Early's Di
mj vision, Jackson's Corps, and
a good one, sah. Line up
there on the left. Now, what shall it be?
Whisky? Good! Here's to you all, sah."
A gurgling sound, followed by a smack-
Ing of lips, and then fourteen men in
blue, preceded by a stalwart man in gray,
filed out of the liquoring place and reas
sembled around the veteran of Pegram's
Brigade.
It was an eventful day for John W.
Heater, a typical Southern soldier, dressed
in the Confederate gray, hailing from the
State of Washington, and eagerly search
ing for 6ome of the men who, in these
trying days, when lead poured into tho
ranks 'of the opposing forces and death
reaped an hourly harvest, kept him on
the move on the field of Gettysburg.
Heater has come to San Francisco to
witness the reunion of veterans. He has
forgotten the prejudices of the past and
yesterday he mingled with the men of the
Northern armies and received from them
assurance of good will, which he returned
in kind, and over the bar of the Grand
Hotel united with his former foes in
drinking to the health of a great and
glorious nation.
WAS ON THE OTHER SIDE.
In his familiar gray uniform, fresh from
a tailor's shop, a black slouch hat with
gilded tassel and bearing a ribbon upon
which Is inscribed in gold letters: "3lst
Virginia, Pegram's Brigade, Early's Di
vision, Jackson's Corps, '61-'64," the tall
figure of. Heater was most conspicuous
around the gathering places of the Union
veterans yesterday, and more so because
the latter, recognizing In the visitor a.
"Johnnie," from south of the line, eagerly
surrounded him and kept him in tow un-
"Amen," solemnly shouted a veteran
from Maryland, and the hero of Jack
son's Corps again marshalled his forces
before the bar for another drink.
On every side Heater was the recipient
of cordial greetings and frequently he
would meet an old soldier who would re
call some Incident of the war that would
precipitate an argument as to the merits
of the ppposlng armies, but it was a good
natured controversy and Invariably ended
in what will' undoubtedly prove undying
friendship between John Heater and j the
man with whom he engaged In counter
talk of the war long passed.
About 3 o'clock in the afternoon, while
Heater, standing In the midst of a gath
ering of old soldiers on New Montgomery
street, was describing some of the inci
dents of the battle of Gettysburg, and
was telling of his capture, " he was sud
denly grabbed by two Union men, who
shouted. "Throw down your gun. Johnnie,
you're taken!"— a*nd they rushed the tall
man from Washington out into the street.
One of the captors was R. M. Green of
this city, formerly of the Eighty-fifth
Ohio, the other Dr. R. M. Stewart lof the
Fifty-fifth Ohio, a resident of Kansas
City.
"Well, by gosh! If this don't beat the
drum. It was the boys of the Eighty
fifth and the Fifty-fifth that peppered us
so hard Just before Gettysburg. Golly!. but
I'm pleased to meet you," and again the
Heater brigade was deployed along the
bar.
. John Heater was the hero of the day.
HERO OF THE DAY.
A mighty good lot of chaps died on those
rough fields of battle. God bless them all,
and may we here thank God that we're
good friends again."
At that moment Colonel Currier was
crossing the room toward the speaker
and heard him say: "I was with Cap
tain Currier at the battle of Poplar Spring
Church. September 30. 1864. when he was
shot, the bullet going through his face.
I saw him fall and carried him off the
battlefield." Colonel Currier promptly
made himself known and the meeting that
followed was very pathetic. The visitor
who was looking for Colonel Currier Is
G. T. Ordway of Redlands. California,
where he owns an orange grove and Is
one of the leading citizens of his com
munity.
A pathetic incident occurred yesterday
when Colonel J. C. Currier met for th©
first time, after thirty-nine years, the
man who carried him off the battlefield
of Poplar Spring Church near Petersburg.
Va. * Colonel Currier sauntered Into the
headquarters of the department of New
Hampshire, Palace Hotel. A vl3itlng vet
eran was seated, registering his name.
While registering he asked the comrades
near him whether any of them knew Cap
tain Currier of the Eleventh New Hamp
shire Volunteers, as he had been trying
to locate him.
Comrades Meet After Many Years.
In the National Cemetery at Arlington
there is a burial plat presented to Rand
by the Government, and although it will
probably not be occupied for several years
at least, it will eventually mark the last
resting place of a man who, by his readi
ness to serve his country In time of trou
ble, lent inspiration to a cause that must
ever remain illustrious in human history.
: It was on the afternoon of April 13, 1S61,
that young Rand, then an 18-year-old
clerk, serving at Batavia, N. T., attended
a meeting at the old Eagle Tavern, where
there was a heated discussion in progress
over the possibilities of war. In the midst
of the debate a townsman suddenly
rushed into the tavern waving a telegram
over his head and shouting: "The Presi
dent has called for 75,000 men to go for
ward and fight!"
Henry I. Glowacki. who was presiding
at the meeting, took the message, and
hurriedly reading it. exclaimed to his
anxious fellow-citizens: "We have to
raise our quota to fill this call. Who will
be the first man to enlist?"
"I will." came a voice from the center
of the tavern, and. turning their heads,
the assembled people saw young Rand rise
from his -seat and proceed toward the
speaker's chair.
On a quickly Improvised roll Rand hur
riedly affixed his signature and with the
scratching of his pen he gave to the
Twelfth New York Volunteers their first
recruit and to New York State the dis
tinction of furnishing the first volunteer
for the Civil War.
Batavia was not slow In raising Its
quota, and not long after Rand was n
the midst of battle. Later, for a daring
act, Congress awarded him a medal of
honor, the first ever presented by Con
gress for distinguished gallantry on the
battlefield.
Among the advance guard of the Army
of the Potomac contingent, which arrived
early yesterday from Washington, was a
no less notable/ person than Charles F.
Rand, who proudly bears the distinction,
fully attested by Congressional inquiry,
of being the first man to enlist in the War
of the Rebellion.
First Volunteer of Civil War Is
Here.
WEARS AN HONOR MEDAL.
Though Once Foes,
They Now Meet
as Friends.
Captain Loeffler is accompanied by" his
wife and daughter. This is their first
trip to California and they are delighted
with the State. Yesterday afternoon they
paid a visit to Golden Gate Park and the
Cliff House.
Captain Loeffler entered the army three
years before the Civil War. He was at
tached to the Second Cavalry Regiment
and first saw service in Texas. At the
breaking out of the war he was detailed at
headquarters at Washington and with the
rank of captain his duty was the bearing
of important dispatches from the front to
Washington. The work was irksome and
dangerous and he asked his regimental
commander to allow him to return
to his regiment and fight at the
front. The request was refused,
however, as Adjutant General John
Seth stated that he was too valuable a
man and could not be relieved.
In answer to the question as to which
of the Presidents he liked best, the cap
tain said that he had no preference. He
spoke cordially of all the Presidents and
said that they had all treated him with
kindness. ;'i -. "**•
In discussing his position yesterday at
the Occidental. Captain Loeffler said that
he had charge of all callers at the White
House and that it was his duty to see
that they receive proper attention. He re
marked that once In a while a religious
crank or a man with imaginary wrongs
would call at the White House and ask
to see the President, but that they came
few and far between and were of little
bother.
Captain Loeffler was appointed as door
keeper at the Whi^e House in March. 1863,
a few days after President Grant took
his oath of office. Two years and a half
ago Captain Loeffler reached the age of
sixty-four years and was forced to retire
from the active army list, and a special
act was passed in Congress to make pro
vision for the captain and his office as
door keeper, and a provision reads that
he shall hold office until relieved by the
President.
ter, known from one end of the
continent to the other, as for the last
thirty-four years he has held the respon
sible position of door keeper for the Presi
dent of the United States at the White
House at Washington.
ygMON'G the. arrivals to the Grand
Encampment is Captain
JjY Charles D. A. Loeffler, U. S. A.,
*r retired. He is a national charac-
Doorkeeper at the
White House Is
Here.
Executive Committee Grand Hotel
Reception Committee Palace Hotel
Press Committee Grand Hotel
Registration and Information. G. A. R..
Postofflce and Medical Department
19 New Montgomery st.
W. R. C. Dept. of California Palace Hotel
Ladies of the G. A. R, Dept. of California..
> Palace Hotel
W. R. C. Dept. of Massachusetts. Palace Hotel
Ransom Post. Dept. of Missouri. . .Grand Hotel
Northern California Brigade. G. A. R. —
Halleck Post No. 19, Sherman Post No.
96, J. F. Miller Post No. 110. Maywocd
Post No. 184. E. F. Winslow Post No.
T9. Corinth Post No. 80 LJck House,
Sacramento Association. G. A. R. — Belmont
Post No. 101, Sumner Post No. 3. Warren
Post No. 54. Colonel E. D. Baker Post No.
71. Placervllle Post No. 108.Occidental Hotel
Southern California G. A. R — Bartlett Lo
gan Post. No. 6, Stanton Post No. 55.
Sedgwlck Post No. 17, Riverside Post No.
118 California Hotel
Lincoln Post No. 1 Pioneer Hall
Atlanta Post No. 95 Pioneer HaJl
Garfield Post N» 34 Alcaaar building
George H. Thomas Post No. 2. .Steinway Hall
Fifth New York Cavalry Association
320 Post st.
Berdan's Sharpshooters
Albion Hall, Alcazar bul!dla«
First Missouri Artillery
Albion Hall. Alcazar building
Second United States Artillery
Albion Hall, Alcazar building
Ninth Ohio Cavalry T. M. C. A. Hall
United States Maimed Soldiers
Temple Hall. 117 Turk st.
"Wisconsin Society B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy st.
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS.
Grand Army of the Republic Palace Hotel
Woman's Relief. Corps Palace Hotel
Ladies of the G. A. R Palace Hotel
Army Nurses of the Civil War.Golden Gate Hall
Union ex-Prisoners of War
B. B. Hall, 121 Bddy it.
Association of Army Musicians
Armory, 815 Ellis St.
Military Order of the Loyal Legion
Occidental Hotel
Society of California Volunteers. . . .320 Post »t.
Veterans of the Spanish War
Armory, 815 Ellis st.
Mexican Veterans City Hall
Naval Veterans B. B. Hall
Sons of Veterans Lick Hous«
DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS.
Alabama Palace Hotel
Arizona Washington Hall, 320 Post st.
Arkansas Grand Hotel
California and Nevada Palace Hotel
Colorado and Wyoming Windsor
Connecticut Palace Hotel
Florida Palace Hotel
Georgia New Western Hotel
Idaho A Grand Hotel
Illinois Palace Hotel
Indiana Palace Hotel
Iowa Palace Hotel
Kansas '.....Palace Hotel
Maine Palace Hotel.
Maryland Savoy
Massachusetts Palace Hot K
Michigan / Grand Hotel
Minnesota Lick House
Missouri Grand Hotel
Montana Lick House
Nebraska Palace Hotel
New Hampshire Palace Hotel
New Jersey Palace Hotel
New York Palace Hotel
North Dakota Palace Hotel
fhlo Palace Hotel
Oklahoma LanKham Hotel
Oregon Occidental Hotel
Pennsylvania Palace Hotel
Potomac ' Palace Hotel
Rhode Island St. Nicholas Hotel
South Dakota Palace Hotel
Tennessee Palace Hotel
Texas Grand Hotel
Utah Grand Hotel
Vermont Palace Hotel
Washington and Alaska Grand Hotel
West Virginia Palace Hotel
Wisconsin Orand Hotel
VARIOUS HEADQUARTERS.
THIS morning the various national
and State department headquar
ters of the Grand Army of the
Republic, the Woman's Relief
Corps, the Ladles of the Republic
and affiliated bodies will open and during
the entire encampment the doors will not
be closed.
Receptions will be given daily, after
noon and evening and all visitor" will be
welcomed. The ladies of the local organ
izations have decorated the various head
quarters and many of the- headquarters
will dispense good cheer and baskets of
California fruits and flowers.
With but a few exceptions, the follow
ing Is the complete list of the head
quarters: <
Will Dispense
Good Cheer to .
Visitors.
All-Headquarters
to Open This
, Morning.
CROWDED SPECIAL TRAINS ARRIVE WITH THRONGS OF VISITORS
AND ANIMATED SCENES DISTURB USUAL QUIET OF SABBATH
Veterans Reach Their Destination
and Are Delighted With
- San Francisco.
Energetic Committees Direct the
Visitors to Places of
Residence.
VEBMONTEBS SLATED.
Tho Vermonters are elated over the
compliment they received from the Pull-
party are W. M. Pierce, Hon. J. K. Dar
ling and E. S. Johnson.
man officials at Ogden. The latter said
the Vermonters had the finest train that
had passed through there so far.
Mrs. J. M. Holllster, a lady very promi
nent In Grand Army circles in New Eng
land, is also in the party.
More than 100 members of Memorial
Post No. 141. Department of Ohio, also ar
rived. Another section containing mem
bers of the Ohio delegation reached here
late last night. J. L. Smith is commander
of the post. The delegation which ar
rived in the afternoon was selected to act
as escorts to the department commander,
but their train was cut in two and they
were sent ahead. Commander Smith Is
general passenger agent of the Lake
Shore road at Cleveland, Ohio.
ADMIRE DECORATIONS.
For the next twenty-four hours every
train that enters this city either at Oak
land or at Third and Townsend streets
will contain veterans who are coming to
this encampment. The railroad company
has made every arrangement for the
speedy transit of the soldiers and it Is ex
pected that every special now on the road
will be here not later than this evening.
Many favorable comments have been
heard on the streets from the visitors.
Although the decorations In their honor
have not been completed they express the
opinion that they have never seen any
thing to equal them. They are awaiting
eagerly for the night Illumination. The
thousands of globes glittering in the sun
light had attracted their attention and
they marvel at the number used to Illu
minate the streets.
every hour yesterday
trains bearing members of the
m^F Grand Army of the Republlo
•^ A end their families rolled into the
depot at Oakland pier. Wearied
by their long ride on the cars, but eager
to reach their destination, the veterans
marched on to the terry boats and en-
Joyed the ride on the bay. The weather
was Ideal and the visitors were charmed
with their first view of the city and Its
surroundings. The old soldiers were laden
with valises and grips. On their breasts
they wore the badge of honor aud printed
badges telling from whet State they
hailed.
Committees from th© local posts met the
veterans cm both sides of the bay and
directed them to their hotels and abiding
places. In the Ferry building a committee
on registration toiled all dey. The visi
tors were assigned to rooms and directed
without loss of time.
The ecenes at the pier in Oakland and
in the grand nave of the Union Depot
were pathetic and many eyes were
dimmed with tears. Old comrades met
for the first time since the war and
brothers clasped hands of brothers and
sisters greeted brothers. Hand clasps
and embraces were numerous. Loud ex
clamations of Joy at seeing a dear one
were followed by anxious inquiries; about
the folks at home. .
PERRY-BOATS CROWDED.
The ferry boats were crowded to their
utmost capacity. Besides the visitors,
hundreds of residents took advantage of
the delightful day to cross to either side.
No accidents marred the day.
The trair.s. as were expected, were be
hind time. The train dispatcher at the
Oakland pier had a large force of men
at work and the air vibrated with the in.
cessar.t clicking of telegraph machines,
fiection followed section into the depot.
Every half hour the trains rolled in. The
cars, after being emptied, wers immedi
ately Fide-tracked and will remain on
the sidings until the visitors are ready
to return home. Within twenty-four
hours as many trains came in. Delega
tions came from all parts of the Union.
The veterans looked wan and worn and
dusty. Some were feeble- and pome car
ried heavy canes for assistance. There
were hundreds of the jrrizzled com
rades who were feeble and every one was
eager to help them along. Willing hands
assisted them up the steps leading to
the boat and carried heavy valises and
every kindness was shown them. True
California hospitality is being extended
the soldiers and they are delighted at the
v.armth of their welcome.
The first train to arrive yesterday was
a special from Connecticut. In the party
na? ex-Governor Morgan G. Bulkeley,
who is the department commander.
The party consisted of 150 men. The
tattered flasrs which were borne so
proudly in the front ranks of battle
were guarded jealously by the color-ser
peants. They were encased in leather
and the blood-stained and bullet-pierced
'mblems, which were followed by the
brave defenders of the Union, will be un
furled to the breeze Wednesday when the
big_ parade of the Grand Army is to be
held in this city.
The Connecticut veterans came here in
f.ne style. They had eight Pullman cars
and a diner attached. They nad a good
time across the continent and came
through without accident.
DELEGATION FROM IOWA.
The Iowa delegation arrived early in
th.* morning. They were greeted on their
arrival by Sergeant J. Brady, Corporal
Charles Rehn, Privates James Edwards,
J. Arling. L. Levy. Hanna, C. J. Smith
and Musician Alfred Ames, Veterans of
the Spanish War. A large delegation of
the young veterans went up the road and
boarded all the trains for the purpose of
registering the visitors and directing them
to find their hotels and giving all the in
formation they needed.
The Iowa special contained ten cars,
which were crowded. More than 200 vet
erans and their families came on this
train.
In the afternoon the Vermont contin
gent arrived. They were represented by
194 veterans, headed by Frank Kentfield,
the department commander. The latter
has surrounded himself with his aids and
other officers of the department. Ten del
egates to the National Convention are
with him. They have no choice for com
mander in chief and come here unpledged.
In the party were George W. Kenney.
superintendent of motor power of the
Rutland Railroad Company: A. A. Nlles,
and Aids G. W. Kenny. E. McEntyre and
<!. E. Beach. Colonel A- C. Brown is here
2F a delegate at large. B. F. Bowman is
also a delegate to the convention. Mrs.
C. E. Beach, president of the Relief Corps,
accompanied Shcr husband on the long
trip. A. !>. Cheney, commander of the
Vermont Eons of Veterans, has been very
busy looking after his large contingent
Among others with him are A. II. Camp
and E. C. Wilson, quartermaster of
the Eons of Vermont. Others in the
ENCAMPMENT'S FIRST DAY
WILL KEEP VETEUJWS BUSY
PENSIONS WTLI. DIMINISH.
Commissioner Ware Gives Interest
ing Statistics of His Bureau.
United States Commissioner of Pensions
E. F. Ware arrived here yesterday from
Washington, D. C, and is registered at
the California. He is here to attend the
National Encampment and will no doubt
be a prominent figure at the many meet
ings. In an Interview last evening he
gave many interesting statistics of the
Pension Bureau.
"The United States Pension Bureau han
dled more business last year than any
thing approaching it in the last ten
years," he said. "We handled 100,000 -old
cases and there are still 304,000 pensions
that have to be decided upon. In the
Pension Bureau there is a clerical force
of 1500, and the field force, that is, doc
tors and others all over the United States,
makes 5000 more.
"Ten years asro there were 1,000.000 pen
sioners. There are 3000 less now. I think
from this time on the pensioners will
gradually diminish. The death rate is
42.2 per year to the 1000. The amount
now paid annually in pensions and in run
ning: the office is $142,000,000. There are
eighteen different agents who distribute
eubagents throughout the United States.
Two agencies in the East alone pay out
to 100,000 pensioners. On the Pacific Coast
the pension office is located In San Fran
cisco, and at the suggestion of Agent
Fuller the pensioners of Hawaii, the Phil
ippines and Alaska are paid in the San
Francisco office.
"We have 9200 pensioners as a result of
the Spanish War and 3662 widows to care
for. There were in all 75.003 applications
from former soldiers and widows and
there are now 3000 cases pending."
Morning.
Reception of visitors by. the several committees; assignments to
hotels, boarding-houses and furnishing information as to various
headquarters.
Opening of all national headquarters and those of State depart
ments. .:'•','„'. '% f
Registration of comrades at various State and post headquarters.
Opening of headquarters of Woman's Relief Corps and Ladies
of the Grand Army of the Republic. Registration of 'members.
Afternoon and' Evening.
z Receptions at national and State department headquarters of the
Grand Army, the Woman's Relief Corps, the Ladies of the Grand
Army of the Republic, Army Nurses of the Civil War, Union Ex-
Prisoners of War, Association of Army Musicians, Military Order of
the Loyal Legion, Veterans of the Spanish- Americcn War, Mexican
Veterans, Navd Veterans and Sons of Veterans. "
Evening receptions by Lincoln Post No. i at Pioneer Hall;
George H. Thomas Post No. 2 at Steinway Hall, and Garfield Post
No. 34 at Alcazar building.
Electrical illuminations of Market/ street, public buildings Jand
Gothic arches at Third and Market streets. .
Pope Receives Archbishop Harty.
ROME, Aus. 16.— The Pope at 5 o'clock
to-day received at a private audience in
his apartment Archbishop Harty (who yes
terday was consecrated Archbishop of
Manila), with whom he spoke at length
about the situation in the Philippines.
The Pope said the efforts of the clergy
toward the pacification of the archipelago
and the triumph of Catholicism would al
ways receive the warmest support at
Rome. Archbishop Harty then presented
to the Pontiff his secretary, Monslgnor
f-Qwlerj and Father Donohue of Alabama.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases"
of the most stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of
Hydrozone
This powerful germidde is ab-
solutely harmless. - It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure" you. By killing: the
germs that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing; physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request
* Sold by leading dragsists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
C 1 .0 Prince St., New York
Your grocer is glad to return
your money, if Schilling's Best
is not good -enough for you.
It isn't bis money.
— *-Tyndall's Lecture.
An Interesting lecture was given at
Steinway Hall last evening by Dr. Alex.
J. Mclvor-Tyndall. He took for his sub
ject "The Mastery of Fate," and dealt
with the problem of inherited conditions.
He quoted the achievements of Luther
Burbank, who has been called "the wiz
ard of horticulture," In defense of his
theory that because a person has been
born with disadvantages it does not fol
low that he must forever remain a victim
to what he erroneously terms his "fate."
Just as Mr. Burbank has been ' able to
cultivate and Improve a common weed
until it has finally blossomed into a beau
tiful flower, so, he claims, the human
weed can become an individual of power
and purpose. This he believes can be
accomplished through the purposes of
cultivation and selection of thought
power.
It takes more than a frock coat /and a
high bat to make a statesman.
BENICIA. Cal., Aug. 16.— The body of
H. Salomon, who with three others was
drowned last Sunday when the yacht
Heine capsized near Crockett, was found
to-day by Boatman Thomas Connelly. The
body was taken in charge by the Coroner
and will »be sent to Vallejo to-morrow.
The bodies of the other three victims have
not yet been recovered.
Body of Yacht Victim Is Recovered.
Elf ie Fay begins her second week, but
the audience was somewhat < disappointed
In the omission of her songV "The Little
Tin Gee Gee." The clever soubrette could
pack -the house if she was alone on the
Corbett took the cheering modestly and
would have remained silent had not his
popularity demanded a return of cour
tesy. At the close of the act cheers were
repeated and calls for a speech were
heard on every side. \Finally the big man
consented to appear and after being in
troduced by Stage Manager Harry Orn
dorff, appeared on the stage.
Corbett stood smiling as the audience
applauded and shouted. Finally a voice
from the gallery asked him to approach
the center of the stage. This was the
Callfornian's cue. "I do not think I be
long In the center of the stage," he said,
"after what happened last Friday night,
but I am glad of this opportunity to ex
plain to you, my friends, that I did my
best and was beaten by a better man. For
fifteen months I forsook /many., luxuries
that my training might be complete. I
had it in my head that I could beat Jef
fries, but he knocked that Idea out.
"I have fought two fights with this
man, as I have fought with the greatest
fighters on earth, and acknowledge him
my superior. I say that Jeffries is the
greatest heavy-weight pugilist that ever
lived, I am going to New York. I may
return to this city soon and it is possible
that I may never come back. I have this
to say, however, and will be supported in
my' statement by those among you, who
have- ever visited me in the East, that I
have never forgotten my native State
and am proud that I was born . in San
Francisco."
After Corbett had resumed his seat the
show continued.
James J, Corbett was an unexpected at
traction at the Orpheum last evening. Ho
came to the show house with his wife and
relatives to enjoy the entertainment, but
the ovation came before he could be seat
ed and a speech was called for. It mat
tered 'little, that an act was In progress
when the ex-champion walked down the
aisle. Heedless of the' soprano's notes or
the orchestra's accompaniment, cheers
resounded from all portions of the large
auditorium and the pugilist became the
center of interest.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 16.— Monsignor
Falconio, Apostolic Delegate to "the United
States, to-day laid the cornerstone of the
Dominican House of Studies at Brook
land, D. C, and formally launched the
construction of another adjunct to the
Catholic University of America. The ser
vices were marked by pomp. and were at
tended by high church dignitaries and
clergy from various parts of the country.
The Holy Name Societies, who owe their
origin to the Order of St Dominic, the
Knights of Columbus and the Ancient
Order of Hibernians assisted in the cere
monies. The Right Rev. William H.
O'Connell. Bishop of Portland. Maine, de
livered the sermon. The monastery will
be of pure Gothic style. The higher
studies for Dominican students will be
transferred from the St. Joseph House of
Students at Somerset, Ohio, to the new
monastery when completed.
Monsignor Falconio Launches Con
struction of Adjunct to Catho
lic University of America.
APOSTOLIC DELEGATE
LAYS CORNERSTONE
EEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 16.— Coleman
Tierney, a tailor on the steamer Spokane,
was killed early to-day by Patrolman
Searing In the "White House saloon. H.
C Fuhrburg, the proprietor, tried to get
Tierney to leave, and being struck a blow,
called the officer. On Searing's arrival he
repeatedly requested the sailor to move
and Tierney began an onslaught on him.
Se&ring then drew his handcuffs and dealt
Tierney a blow on the side of the head,
fracturing the skull. Tierney died soon
afterward.
SAILOR IS KILLED
BY BLOW ON THE HEAD
But he brightened as the stage bullets
began to fly and brave warriors from tha
Presidio poured shot into unseen rebels.
"The old gentleman's smile was a. bit
tremulous as he replied simply: "They
wouldn't have me."
While It was being set the old gentle
man told how he had enlisted at 16—"be
ing a husky boy, and them not being too
particular those times if you half-way
looked the IS you had to swear to." He
was looking forward also to meeting here
an old comrade whom he had not seen for
forty-one years. "Do you think you'll
know one another?" 1 asked. "Don't know.
We don't look just the same as we did
then," and the veteran shook his head.
"Seventeen years ago we • had our' last
encampment in San Francisco," he went
on. "Seventeen years more and some of
us will be setting, rather .'old-', to ''travel."
"Not you, I'm sure." I said. Then asked:
"You went to Cuba?"
/, "A good deal," said the old war dog.
"But— wait for the next act— there's the
fighting!" This remark, of course, pre
luded the third act.
"Stripped, 'em." he said.
"Does the play remind you at all of
that time?" I asked, realizing what a
thing of vivid life even the single word
"Shenandoah" means to one of the bat
tle-anointed.
"What do those signals mean?" I asked
as the lights began to flash from Three
Top Mountain.
"Oh, we didn't understand' 'em: those
were the rebels' ' signals," he explained.
Then, as a prisoner was brought on and
subjected to the usual stage search for
dispatches the old gentleman chuckled
and said: "That wasn't the way we used
to search men in those days."
"But how?" I queried.
"That fellow knows his business," he
began, nodding toward the unseen bugler.
"Yes, I was at Shenandoah, and there are
about twenty others of us In the house
to-night. I was with Cuvier Grover. The
enemy came across that creek yonder,"
Indicating the stream In the middle of
the painted valley on the back scene, "in
the night and surprised us. Wouldn't have
happened if Sheridan 'd been there. He
was called away to Washington. T er *"Ible
fight. We lost thousands on the 19th of
October— thirty-nine years ago, that was.
"There wasn't anything of that kind,"
he went on, with a genial smile at the
lovers just then occupying the stage.
"Why, the women spat In our faces, poor
things."
"You were there," I said at last to the
brave old figure at my side. It was at
"Shenandoah," at the California last
night, and luck had placed me next to
one of the survivors of Cedar Creek. The
old warrior, bravely badged and medaled,
had stood it as long as he could, but at
the rousing calls of the bugle he turned
sheerly toward me and smiled his desire
"to tell about" it.
The Orpheum Audience
Cheers Corbett and
H6 Makes Speech.
Dr. Brien Is one of the oldest practicing
physicians in western Ontario. He has
represented Essex County In the Parlia
ment in Ottawa for several years.
DETROIT. Aug. 16.— Dr. James Brien
of Essex, Canada, by means of electric
ity, was successful in restoring the life of
a child which had apparently died shortly
after birth.- Dr. Brlen says:
"It was fully fifteen minutes after birth
before the first current was employed. For
the first ten minutes there was no sign
of life. . At the. end of fifteen minutes,
during which applications of both gal
vanic and faradic currents had been
made, the infant displayed slight evi
dences of life. We Increased the current
persistently and in ten minutes more were
rewarded by seeing the child breathing
naturally. The heart began to
slowly but regularly, and soon took on its
normal action. The child is now doing
welL"
Use of Electric Currents Causes
Heart to Resume Its Normal
Action.
SEEMINGLY DEAD BABE
IS BEST0RED TO LIFE
FLYCASTER GOLCHEB
MAINTAINS HIS IiEAD
Is Again in First Place in the Long-
Distance Event at Stow
Lake.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club continued their contestsiyes
terday at Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park.
H. C. Golcher, as usual, led In distance
casting and C. R. Kenniff In lure casting.
J. B. Kenniff was second In the distance
event, scoring 118 feet. The official re
sults:
C > I Delicacy. £
I si *I H \ si
CONTESTANTS, y = Q* g$ %. »§
r : ~* 2- >? : ?
C G. Young !9O.S85.8| 87. 6 86.7|84.9
C. R. Kenniff .. 92193.8 91.8! S9.2 90.5198.1
T. W. Brotherton 112:87.8 92.41 86. S 83.61..
J. B. Kenniff llSiOS.S OO.4| 80.10 S5. 7:94.3
H. C. Golcher.... 12H8H.4 S9.S 82. « 86.1
H. Battu 96 80.4193 84.2 S8.7 89.1
P. N. Haight... 82186.4 $3.4 79.2 82.3 .
C. Huyck 97|S.V4t00.4 7S.4 84.41..!.
T. C. Kienilff... 92193. 8|S4. 4 86.8 S5.6SS.5
Souvenirs of California.
"We are headquarters for souvenir postal
cards, view books, maps, orange and red
wood panels arid kelp novelties, etc. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
CHICAGO. Aug. 16.— Dr. W. P. Powell died
here to-day at Mercy Hospital after an ope
ration. He was for twenty-two years super
intendent of the State Institution for Feeble-
Mtnded Children at Glenwood. Iowa. He was
born in California fifty-five years ago.
"SHENANDOAH"
AT CALIFORNIA
Senator Gorman, since his return from
Europe, has persistently refused to dis
cuss financial questions .which may be
brought up in Congress. But some of his
friends have been talking for him, be
cause they do not wish him to be placed
In the attitude of opposing any measure
financial questions, Senator Ar
thur P. Gorman, the leader of the Democ
racy in Congress and its possible candi
date for the Presidency, will not be found
among those members of the minority
making factious opposition to remedial
legislaticm ; Indeed, It Is altogether proba
ble that before the extra session convenes
Senator Gorman will call a conference of
the minority leaders and urge them to
abandon their attitude of opposing any
thing and everything in the way of finan
cial measures proposed by the majority
party.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.
—When the United States Senate
again plunges into a discussion of
"Bravo!" he said, "I've seen 'Shenan
doah" done lots of times, but never a bet
ter fight than that!"
"Were you dressed like that?" I asked,
recalling some unholy incongruities of cos
tume among the feminine members of the
cast.
"Oh, I told some of the boys to-day they
ought to take' oft their blouses," the old
gentleman replied. "We used^to take off
our shirts."
Then as General Sheridan gaily rode In
on his black horse, the veteran confided
to me — In a whisper, so as not to hurt the
mimic Sheridan's feelings— that "He ain't
like Sheridan."
With the old soldier I also believe that
the fight's the thing in "Shenandoah."
It is an excellent bit of stage manage
ment, rank on rank of soldiers, and no
lack of powder. It Is a blessed relief
from the usual super horror and in itself
worth seeing. The cast is well suited in
its parts, in particular as to Charles
Wyngate, Frank MacVlcars, ' Thomas
Oberle and E. Gardiner Jones; Lillian
Kemble and Elsie Esmond. Miss Kath
erine Oilman, a charming young Cali
fornian who will be heard from some day,
made a modest and successful debut as
Jenny Buckthorne.
The house was enormous and generous
of its plaudits.
Thi3 evening General MacArthur and
his staff will attend the performance.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
that may abate or remove the present
financial Ills simply because It has been
proposed by members of the opposite
party. Senator Gorman was not alto
gether In sympathy with the members of
his party who talked to death the Aidrich
bill last March. There were features of
that measure which he did not approve,
but the manner In which it yas finally
disposed of he did not think" dignified or
was entirely advantageous to the Demo
crats. Neither is he in sympathy with
what appears to be the attitude of Sena
tors Daniel, Teller and Money In the pres
ent agitation. Mr. Gorman thinks that if
the question of politics Is to enter into it
at all it will be far better for the Democ
racy if the Republican leaders go before
the country as having failed to agree
among themselves on the desired legisla
tion than of having failed to muster suffi
cient strength to pass It. Any aggressive
action on the part of the Democrats to op
pose legislation in embryo or to adopt ob
structive tactics, as waa done last winter,
the Senator does not consider neither
statesmanship nor politics,
K-K"i"I"K"H I I I M' I-I"I"I-I"I"I"I"I"I- •
MARYLAND STATESMAN AND ASPIRANT FOR THE PRESIDENCY.
WHO MAY URGE HIS DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES TO SUPPORT
PROPOSED FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
Club event*. 25 birds— Iverson 21. G. Sjl
veater 19. H. Hoyt 18. Gordon 19, Daniels 1S».
C. Sylvester 22, Fish 19. Leary 16. Hanson 1.,
E. Klevesahl 15. Lidstone 16, J. H. Hall 21.
Robertson 24. Clark 18, Lewis 16. Haight 21.
Justins 18, Hutton 17. Shreve 0, Birmingham
Jr. 21, Donohoe 20, Mulley 22. H. Klevesahl
15. J. Burns 15, Dr. Hanson 14, Peter Han
son 10, T. J. Walsh 9. Bell 10. Nickels 7. J.
Medal race handicap, 25 to 30 birds, at 1«
yards — Fish, birds. 27; score. 23; Robertson.
25, 19; E. Klevesahl. 27, 19; Leary. 2$. 16;
C. Sylvester, 20, 20; Justins, 25. 20: H. Hoyt.
27, 25; Gordon, 27. 23; Hutton, 27. 17^ W.
Hanson, 27. 21: Haight. 2«, 28: Clark 2., 18;
Plsani 27. 21; Shreve. 30. 4; Birmingham Jr..
26 19- Hall, 20, 20: Iverson. 27. 21; George
Sylvester. 27, 23; E. Klevesahl. 28, 24; Muller.
28. 20; Donohoe. 26. 20: Lidstone. 2S. 13: Dr.
Hanson 28. 17; T. J. Walsh, 30. 21. At IS
yards — Daniels, 27, 21: Lewis. 28, 11.
Handicap, 20 to 25 birds, added money race.
20 being possible: Daniels, birds. 22; score, 21;
Gordon 22 17; Iverson. 23. 20: Hutton. 23. IT;
Justins! 22'. 19; Lidstone, 24. 15; G. Sylvester.
2:J 14; W. Hanson, 24. 19; C. Sylvester, 23.
23'; Birmingham Jr.. 23. 12; Donohoe^ 23. IS;
Mailer 23 17; E. Klevesahl. 23, 20; Clark.
24, 13;' Haight. 20. 17; Pisanl. 23. 16: Robert
son. 20. 16; Burns, 23. 22; Hall. 23, 18; Irvine,
25 IB- Fish. 23. IS; Lewis. 25. 11: Burflend.
23! 17; J. W. Humble, 25, 13; Byer, 25, 11.
Fine weather drew out a large attend
ance at the monthly shoot of the Union
Gun Club * yesterday at the Ingleside
grounds.
Harry Hoyt won the first class medal
In the medal shoot. Dr. Hanson and Mr.
Hutton tied for the second class medal.
In the shoot-off, a ten-bird race. Hutton
won by a score of 9 to 6. The scores fol
low:
Hoyt Makes Fine Showing and Wins
First Honors in the Medal
Shoot.
HIGH SCORES ABE MADE
AT THE INGLESIDE TBAPS
The President concluded by referring
briefly to the Civil War and touching on
patriotism. The applause at the conclu-
Elon of his address was enthusiastic and
the cheering: continued until he had en
tered his carriage and been driven away.
We have good scriptural authority for the
statement that it is not what comes into a
man's mouth, but what goes out of it that
count*. I am not addressing weaklings or I
should r.ot take the trouble to come here. I
am addressing strong, vigorous men. who are
engaged tn the active hard work of life, and
life to be worth living must be a life of ac
tivity and hard work. I am speaking to
men engaged in the hard, active work of life
end therefore, men who will count for good or
for evil, and it is particularly incumbent upon
you who have strength to set a right exam
ple to others. I ask you to remember that you
•-ennot retain your «elf-respect if you are loose
and foul of tongue, that a man who is to lead
a clean and honorable life must inevitably suf
fer if his speech likewise is not clean and
honorable. Every man here knows the tempta
tions that. beset all of us in this world. At
times anv man may clip. I do not expect
r-erfect-ion. but 1 do expect genuine and fin
cere effort toward being decent and cleanly
in thought, in word and in deed.
Just as I was driving up here a friend who
was with us taid that in his experience the
boy who went out into life with a foul tongue
was apt «o to go because his kinsfolk, at
";• a--t his intimate associates themselves, had
a foul tongue. But while the life in the fam
ily cannot do everything, while the associa
tions or friendships cannot do everything, still
the friends the father, the elder brothers, can
do most toward seeing the boys as they be
come men become clean and honorable men.
I have told you that I wanted you not only
to be decent but to be strong. The boys are
not going to admire virtue that Is of a purely
anaemic type. They believe in courage, in
manliness. They admire those who have the.
quality of being brave, the quality of facing
life as life should be faced, the quality that
rr.ust stand at the root of good citizenship In
peace or in war. If you are to be effective as
good Christians you have sot to possess
strength and courage, or your example will
count tor lUtle with the young, who admire
strength and courage.
OYSTER BAr.N. Y., Aug. 16.—Presi
dent Roosevelt delivered the principal ad
dress at the quarterly meeting of the So
ciety of the Holy Name of Brooklyn and
Long Island, held here to-aay. "Decency
of Speech and Conduct" constituted the
theme of his address, which was enthusi
astically applauded by an audience of
more than 2000 persons, mostly men.
During the afternoon special trains
brought hundreds of members of the soci
ety to Oyster Bay from. Brooklyn and
Western Long Island. Threatening
weather kept many away, but although a
light rain fell durinc the exercises the
crowd remained banked about the flag
decked stand on a beautiful hill opposite
St. Dominick's Catholic Church.
As President Roosevelt drove up to the
stand in a closed carriage, accompanied by
Captain W. H. Brownson, superintendent
of the Naval Academy, Secretary Barnes
and a representative of the society, he
was accorded an enthusiastic reception.
a band meanwhile playing "Hall to the
Chief."
.After the audience had sung "Amer
ica" Father Power, rector of St. Domi
r.lck's, introduced the President in a felic
itous speech in which he spoke of the es
teem in which Mr. Roosevelt is held by
the Catholics of this country.
When President Roosevelt rose he was
greeted with prolonged cheers and It was
a full minute before he was able to pro
ceed. He said:
Very Reverend Dean. Reverend Clergry and
You of the Holy Name" Society: I count my
self fortunate in havlnr the chance to say
a word to you to-day, and at the outset let
ir.e. Father Power, on behalf of my neighbors,
your congregation, welcome you here to Oyster
Bay. 'I h*ve a partial right to Join in that
welcome myself, tor it was my good fortune
in the da,ys of Father Power's predecessor.
Father Belford. to be the first man to put
down a pmall contribution for the erection of
the church h^re. 1 am particularly glad to
see *uch a society as this flourishing, as your
society has flourished, because the future wel
fare of our nation dejtende upon the way in
which we can combine in our men. in our
young men — decency and strength. Just this
rooming when attending service on the great
battleship Ktarsarge. I listened to a sermon
addressed to the of fleers and enlisted men of
the navy, in which the central thought was
that each American must be a good man or
he could not be a good citizen. And one of
the things dwelt upon In that sermon was the
fact that a man must be clean of mouth as
well as clean of life — must show by his words
ag well as by his actions his fealty to the
Deity and the Savior If he is to be what we
have* a right to expect of men wearing the
national uniform.
The outdoor and Indoor attractions at
the Chutes are numerous and * enter
taining. There are five baby lions sport
ing in the zoo.
The Central Theater programme for this
week consists of the Civil War drama,
"Cumberland '61," which is billed as a
special Grand Army attraction.
The merry extravaganzas, "Quo Vass
Iss" and "The Big Little Princess," still
hold the bill at Fischer's Theater.
The rustic play, entitled "The Dairy
Farm," will be given at the Alcazar
Theater to-night by a cast which includes
Oza Waldrop, Edward Davis, Juliet Cros
by, Marie Howe,' also Tony West, Helen
Hartley and Theodore T. Rook, who ap
peared in the play during its run in the
East.
At the Tivoli Opera House CamUle
d'Arville and Edwin Stevens continue Jo
share honors in the comic opera, '"The
Highwayman."
At the Grand Opera House Raymond
and Caverly have but two weeks more
to be seen in the musical eccentricity, "In
Harvard." ' .
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin will
begin their season of forty performances
at the Columbia Theater to-night in "The
Devil's Disciple."
bills and her versatility is of a character
never seen before by a San Erancisco
audience. Last night Mlsa Fay changed
some of her work, but the substitutions
are as good as the work of last week. The
only anticipation that the audlence.did not
realize was the baby song that was sung
last week, as perhaps few other women
on the stage could sing It.
John Le Clalr as an artistic comedy
juggler is a master in his line. He did
work that is new in the city and his tricks
with* billiard balls were marvelous. Rosle
Rendel, England's eccentric ' transforma
tion dancer, took the house by storm. She
has a good voice and her toe dancing was
above the average. Heeley and Meely are
comedians, acrobats' and jugglers of the
highest order, and received a great recep
tion. Sidney Wilmer and company appear
in a comedy sketch, "A Strange -Baby,"
and are Just as popular. Miss Wynne
Winslow, soprano, and Lew Hawkins,
"the Chesterfield of minstrelsy," repeat
excellent holdover acts, and •- the great
Kaufmann Troupe of bicyclists continue
in their wonderful act.
Provision Is made for a Bertillion record
of; all Chinese laborers arriving and de
parting at ports of entry, copies of such
registry to be transmitted to the Commis
sioner General of Immigration.
Conditions are prescribed to which all
Chinese persons claiming the right of
transit through the United States to for
eign territory must conform as, a condi
tion preceding such privilege. Numerous
changes have been .necessary In the revi
sion of these rules to make them conform
to the transfer of Jurisdiction over the
subject from the Treasury Department to
the Department of Commerce and Labor.
Forms of blanks are prescribed and rules
made to govern the officers charged with
the enforcement of the exclusion laws.
WASHINGTON, Aug.- 16.— A. new set of
Chinese regulations, prepared by 'commis
sioner General of Immigration - Sargent
and approved by Secretary Cortelyou of
the Department of Commerce and Labor,
jurisdiction of the matter of the exclu
sion 6f Chinese having been transferred
from the Treasury to the latter depart
ment, were made public to-day and are
now ready for distribution. These rules
designate what Chinese persons are per
mitted tn land at ports of the United
States under the provisions of the laws
and treaties, together with the ports at
which Chinese, other than Chinese dip
lomatic and consular officers, may land
and, name the officers who have been vest
ed-with the power and authority hereto
fore conflrred on Collectors of Customs,
giving their stations ¦ and ; . Jurisdictions.
Conditions .are named to which every
Chinese person seeking admission into the
United States under the provisions of, the
act of 1902, for tne purpose of taking part
In anv fair or exhibition authorized by
Congress, shall conform as a condition
precedent, to such admission. Regulations
governing the arrest and deportation of
Chinese unlawfully within the United
States are included. All told, there* are
sixty-one rules embraced In the new regu
lations. Accompanying the regulations
are laws and treaties relating to the ex
clusion of Chinese.
One serious loss was the destruction of
hundreds of bales of hennequln and cot
ton which were on the docks at Progreso
ready for shipment.
Little by little the wind increased, and
soon it was tearing up great trees by the
roots, blowing roofs away and destroying
houses ahd plantations. Great damage
was done in a very short time.
Naturally the hurricane was more terri
ble along the coast. ,Grcat efforts were
made to save small vessels, but to no
avail, and twenty of those lying In , the
port of Progreso were cast upon the
shore. •
MERIDA, Yucatan, Aug. 18.— The ef
fects of the tropical cyclone in this city
and Progreso were widespread and ter
rible. The wind commenced in the early
hours of the night and, although every
body had been prepared for the gale, in
consequence of warnings given some time
beforehand, panic Quickly seized the
community.
OYSTER BAT, N. Y., Aug. 16.— With the
North Atlantic fleet anchored oft Oyster
Bay, this has been almost a fete day on
the bay and sound. Hundreds of pleas
ure craft hovered about the fleet through
out the day, notwithstanding the weather
was threatening.
Official formalities were begun at 9
o'clock this morning, when Rear Admifal
Barker, accompanied by Captain Hemp
hill of the Kearsarge and Flag Lieuten
ant Eberle, went in a barge to the Dol
phin to pay his respects .to Secretary of
the Navy Moody. An hour lifter Secre
tary Moody, accompanied by former Sec
retary Chandler, returned the visit. They
remained to attend divine service.
When Admiral Barker was Informed
that the President also would attend the
service, orders were issued at once for all
Officers to appear in special full dress.
Shortly before 11 o'clock President
Roosevelt arrived on the Kearsarge from
the naval yacht Sylph. As he came over
the side of the Kearsarge the band was
paraded, the marines presented arms, the
bugle sounded a fanfare and the drums
gave four ruffles. Then the band played,
"Hail to the Chief." as Admiral Barker
received the President on the quarter
deck.
A few minutes later a launch from the
Sylph conveyed to the Kearsarge a party,
including the President's family and Cap
tain Willard H. Brownson, superintendent
of the Naval Academy. The divine ser
vice was conducted by Chaplain Isaacs,
whose sermon was particularly addressed
to the officers and men. of the ship. His
especial theme was that the man who
served his country best was he who also
served God.
At the conclusion of the service the
President and Secretary Moody casually
inspected some parts of the ship. The
President then received Rear Admirals
Wise, Sands and Coghlan, who had come
from their flagships to pay their respects.
Mrs. Roosevelt and the other ladles were
shown over the ship.
When the President left the Kearsarge
at 1 o'clock the sides of all the ships were
again manned and every honor was paid
except the firing of the salute, which was
omitted because his visit was unofficial
and was made on a Sunday.
At 5 o'clock Sir Thomas Lipton, on
board his steam yacht Erin, passed the
fleet. Sir Thomas stood on the bridge and
saluted each ship as he went by. He will
be the guest of President Roosevelt on
the Mayflower to-morrow.
At the conclusion of the review to-mor
row the battleships Kearsarge, Illinois
and Alabama will go seaward at full
speed, which they wyi maintain until
they reach Race Rock, at the eastern en
trance of Long Island Sound.
It is understood that the first division
of the torpedo-boat destroyers, composed
of the Decatur, Bainbridge, Barry, Dale
and Chauncey. under command of Lieu
tenant Lloyd H. Chandler, son of the for
mer Secretary of the Xavy, after the
maneuvers of the summer, which will be
concluded on the 29th inst., will proceed
to the Asiatic station, via the Suez canal.
The cruiser Chicago, which has Just ar
rived from Europe, joined the fleet to-day
and will participate in the review.
Principal Speaker at , the
Meeting of Brooklyn
Society. ¦ *
Plan for Administering Ex
clusion Law Approved^
by Cortelyou. ;
Chief Executive Will To-Day
Review the North At
lantic Fleet.
Houses and Plantations Are
Destroyed and Small
Craft Wrecked.
President Roosevelt De
livers Address at
Oyster Bay.
Department qf Com
merce and Labor Is
sues Set of Rules.'
Attends Divine Service
With Crew of the
Kearsarge.
Cities in Yucatan Suf
fer from Sweep of
Hurricane.
TAKE S DECENCY
FOR HIS TEXT
PRESIDENT GOES
ABOARD FLAGSHIP
STORM'S HAVOC
IS WIDESPREAD
SE N ATO R GORMAN WI LL
ABANDON OPPOSITION
Legislator From Maryland Said to Have
Lost Sympathy With Democratic Tactics
Such as Caused Death of Aidrich Bill
NEW CHINESE
REGULATIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1903.
4
DOAN'S KIDNEY FULS.
A MEASURE OF MERIT.
'Mi
fan FrandMco Citizen* Should
Welch Well Thl« Evidence.
Proof of merit lies in the evidence.
'Convincing evidence in San Francisco
Is not the testimony of strangers.
But the Indorsement of San Francisco
people.
That's the kind. of proof piven here.
The statement of a San Francisco citi-
zen.
Mrs. W. Heine CW. Heine employed on
the Examiner) of 3007 Flllmore street
fiays: "It is impossible for me to say-
too much In favor of Doan's Kidney Pills.
I have the best of reasons for this. I
suffered from an attack of kidney trou-
ble in the winter of 1S02, causinp pain
across the small of my back and down
through the loins. It finally grew so bad
that I could scarcely turn or move with-
out enduring the most agonizing twinge,
and often as the pangs shot across my
back I almost exclaimed. Just before I
used Doan's Kidney Pills I was so help-
Ipss that for two days I could only get
about the bouse with the aid of a cane.
Ther must be rome merit In Doan's Kid-
ney I !.s, for they gave immediate re-
lief. A short course of the treatment
mopped that particular attack. I now
know what to do Fhould others occur."
For sale by all dealers. Price 60 cents.
Foster-Milbum Co.. Buffalo N. Y-, sole
apents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan'g, and take
no other. • '¦-¦<;"¦-.'
BASWATV BSAOT RFT.TEr has stood
oartvaJad before the public for 60 years as a
Psia Remedy. It Instantly relieves sad quickly
tures til Colds. Bore Throats, Iofiuepza, Broa-
rtltis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headachy. Toothache sad all psia. interwUly
tor Hsi&rl* sad sil BowcU Fsins. All drufglsts.
ADVEBTISEHENTS. 'J.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦H
ONE BOTTLE CURES."
§McBurn8y's |
KIDNEY I
(Hill g
i BLADDER CURE 1
S9 ' a
m Certain and thorough cure for pains In „
S the email of the back. Irritation of tha ¦
2 bladder. Bright 1 s disease, female trou- ?
S blea Incontinence of urtne. brick dust £3
H deposit, bed wettln* of children, gravel, m
ra gall etones. thick, turbid frothy urla«. Z
15 dropsy, diabetes and rheumatism. «
¦» Send 25c for five days' treatment aaj ¦
¦ g«t relief In 20 minutes. ||
EJ Kidney and Bladder Cure $t 30 fj
j Liver and Blood Purifier -...$1 23 ||
¦ ¦
3 FOK SAXiS BT AI.Ii D3XJOOIST3 D
O ,^___ , B
¦ B
¦ VT. T. McBTJBXTET, Sol* Mfr., q
¦ 226 S. Spring- St., Los Angeles, CaL fl
i BB HgaBBMBBaaaaaBBsipa5
@Vim. Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PHX9
have been In us« over fifty
years by tb« leaders of tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively car* tn«
worst cases in old and young
arising; from effect* of setf-
abuse. -dissipation, exeeasea or
cigarette smcklng. Cur* liost
Manbcod. Impotency," lose
Power Night Losses. Iri.om-
nia. Pains In Back. E*ll Desires, Lams Back.
Nerrous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. CS /% Varlcocela of Con-
stipation. Stop Ner & \J tous Twltchiaj ©J
C o t fen J cyC E " TS t^^ t< ruS t^!
Don't get despondent, a cur* is at band. R»-
itor* small, undeveloped organs. 3timnlat*
the brain and nerve centers; BOo a box; 8 fo»
t" 60 by mail. A written guaraate* t» cur* ot
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars frs*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. Ellis St..
BanFrancisco. CaU QRANT DUCQ CO.. 3*
and 40 Third «t. '
Q tfc. -%. tfcv' 'tt. J Hi-Tlii'S»^»^^^*'*>1E
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great
Shuseum of anatomy
A Cfa ISSllUSXXTST.tai.et&srJi.S.r.CiL
\ C3r\ The Larrest A rut omicil Museum in the
A World. Wieaknesies or any contracted
Y ShjSB disease p*«i<l«rlycarn4ny the oldest
O I** Si ipe"*"" on ths Coast. Eit. 36 years.
A Jgfjf 03. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ f rtftS) Comnltation free »ad strictly private.
O I i(M» Treatment personally or by Jetter. A
W m vn Ponnv* Air* is every case undertaken.
A r if 1 1 I Write for Book, rBILOSOrSYtf
V I J I «i M4RKUCE. MAILED PXZX. ( A
\ AC valuable book for tarn)
f DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F.
Q-^^*^ *s> '^ '^ < »V-^.>
STATETVYlBiNT
——OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFATRS
OB* THE
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D., 1002, and for tns
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 an4
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner :
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash * 1,300.000 00
. ASSETS.
Real Estate Owned by Company..* 2,622,000 85
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,292,679 13
Cash market value of all stocks "^ -
and Bonds owned by Company. 20,921.678 10
Amount of Loana secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as _,„„..„-
collateral S. 161.281 25
Cash in Company's Office n 8 ' 738 67
Cash tn Banks 633,778 8*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 234.073 53
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 1S0.045 44
Bills receivable, not matured.... 83.401 !>l
Rents due and accrued tt.527 00
Reversions owned absolutely by
the Company 2.0H.766 33
Due from other companies and
from agents 1,259,040 33
Stamps • •••• 1.739 83
Total Asset* f32.431.76fl 43
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid....'
Losses In process ot adjustment
or In suspense p | 434,102 94
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses • • • • • •
Gross premiums on Fire- Risks "\ _^
running one year or lesa; -v
e ; reinsurance 30 per
Jent " 2.400.8U 44
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
I • reinsurance pro rata. J
Liability under Life Department.. 21,ll(l,Z0iT 33
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 11,047 29
Bills payable 1.055 Zi
All other liabilities 268.34S 13
Total liabilities...... .<24.922.S73 42
INCOME. ~~~~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums .• $ 4.S01.S23 Si
Set cash actually received for Life-
premiums 1.333,333 is
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 1,086.467 63
Received for Bents 63.66d 02
Received for sale of Annuities... S38.133 S3
Total Income $^7,373,636 ID
EXPENDITURES.
Met (mount paid for Fire Losses
(including * losses of pre-
vlous years) •••.•- 9 2.2S3.434 14
Net amount paid for Life losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vtous years) 1,308.913 "I
Dividends to Stockholders 4S1.368 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 7S1.T93 Si
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 831,291 43
Paid lor State, National and Local „_,,.-..
taxes • 123,389 41
All other payments and expendl-
tures 3&>,JS3 m
Total Expenditures 9 «.lSg.30ar «'
FIRE.
Lowes incurred during tbe year..» 2.3M.6S2 33
Risks and Premiums. JTrs^RUta^ "premlams. •
Net amount of Risks
Jem?™.*" 1 ??. • " 6 *1.563.S27.OI7 J4.S01.828 93
Net amount of Risks
year red .. dU . r !! lS .. t . he 1.«?.1M.S42 4.443.701 S3
Net amount In force „ „„ ,
. December 31. 1902. 2 - 551 ' 3^ - > - 01 - 2l;> - 8
¦ W. E. riUBBARD. Chairman.
¦H V WILSON General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma this 9t»
day of April. 1003^ pI?nor Xotary p^^
western Department,
Monadnock Block, Chicago.
O. H. LEBMIT, Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH OFFICE.
230 California Street.
WALTER J. WILSON, Resident Maaager.
AHPEL & BRUCKMAN, City Agents
209 Sansome Street-
Telephone Main 5781.
-vjtfSfegfeA MENANDWOMElt.
.AKKsi^li C»s Big U for unnatural
4HErt « i«* .i»T»\i dUcaargM.inflanimations,
JBHy 3«»f»au«rH irritations or ulceration*
ntf , 4 , M tiriotar*. "" of ma co as membrane*.
ffk -f iv~>» r.»u«w«. Paln'.eis, and not »»tria-
sV ' mTHt£»SSCH£M;»lCa. g«Qt or poUonous.
lUI cmC!!tMin.o.BySl Scld b»nra«i»i*»
H^ 5. s. A. 5^»r or i»nt in plain wrapper.
JWtSsVftw jfflTH by ?xprens, prepaid, lor
vnnBKni sl.OO. or3bottlM»2.73.
sa circular sect oa leanest.
fi .*PATENTSl7f
V5S^330 MARKET ST.SJ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California, Oregon, Nevada, Arizona and Mexico stock ranches—
for their mere value for grazing— vast tracts suitable for coloniza-
tion. Valuable not for grazing, but for timber, agriculture
oil, minerals or town sites. "<.£'-
SANTA CLARA COUNTY BARGAINS.
. 8oo acres highly improved. Full equipped dairy. 40 acres full
bearing orchard. . Comfortable barns, dwelling, well watered, tim-
bered, fenced. $20,000.
350 acres, four miles out. , Rich, level land. Excellent dairy
ranch, improved. Price only $23,000.
310 acres, Monterey road. Rich level land. $15,000.
New up-to-date residence, large lot, centrally located. Price
$7000. ' ? : ;fU v
CHAS. W. COE & CO.
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans. "
;Residencc telephone James 3481. " Office telephone Black ion.
45 WEST SANTA CLARA ST., SAN JOSE,, CALIFORNIA.Alexieff Is Practically
Sovereign of the
Territory.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 16.— The press
here unanimously dilates on the magni
tude of the powers j conferred upon Vice
Admiral Alexieff, the new Viceroy of the
Amur territory and the: Kwangtung prov
ince, as even exceeding the authority con
ferred ori the Governor of the
Caucasus ; insurrection, and explains the
difference as being, due to international
complications. The newspapers agree that
the innovation strengthens the Russian
position; in the Far. East and renders im
?rncdlate action on the spot a more easy
matter. ¦" ¦¦ . ¦ " ¦ ¦ ;¦ . '->."• " - .' ' .¦•
rVThe Minister of the Interior has allowed
the St. Petersburg Vedomosti to resume
publication, which had been forbidden for
unknown ; reasons since . February 25.
LONDON, , Aug. . 17.— According, to a
Toklo;< dispatch to ' the Daily Mail, "the
Japanese consider :Vice Admiral Alexieff,
the * new Viceroy : of \ the Amur '< territory
and the Kwangtung province, their ablest
and most bitter , r enemy. •
¦ -'r.V . ¦
AMUR'S VICEROY
ALL-POWERFUL
It is said h'ere that Count Lamsdorf ,
the Russian Foreign Minister, advised
Mme. Rostkovski, widow of the mur
dered Consul at Monastir, to accept the
$80,000 Indemnity offered her by the Porte
and which she refused, declaring that she
did not want Turkish charity.
A Belgrade dispatch to the Neues Wel
ner Tages reports that a Servian priest Is
recruiting large numbers of insurgents
among the serf element in the villages of
the Uskub vilayet.
• •H"I"I"I"!"I^'I";"I"H-4~H"I"M"I-H-^ ©
A number of Greeks and Wallachians,
who joined the insurgents under threats,
have gone over to the Turkish troops.
Official information saya that the In
habitants of 100 villages have laid down
their arms and been pardoned.
The Times correspondent at Constanti
nople says the summary execution of the
murderer of Rostkovski has greatly in
censed the lower classes in Monastlr. The
foreign Consuls there have been provided
with military escorts and their houses
are guarded. by Turkish soldiers.
According ' to the newspapers. General
Zontcheff, the president of the Macedo
nian committee, who was reported Aug
ust 13 to have been arrested by the Bul
garian police near the Macedonian fron
tier, has escaped from Bulgaria into Mac
edonia.
According to official reports the insur
gents massacred all of the officials in
Krushevo.
About 200 of the insurgents were killed
in the fighting at Perlepe. northeast of
Monastlr. ;?a-- ,.;:;.>
stlr, and the center of the district
where the insurrection is hottest. The in
surgents captured the place August 4, two
daya after the proclamation of the revo
lution. Three Turkish columns from dif
ferent points effected its recapture.
After a bombardment of the entrench
ments of the insurgents, dynamite mines
behind the entrenchments were exploded,
causing much damage. The insurgents
retired to the mountains, -where the right
ing continued.
LONDON. Aug. 16.— Turkish dis
patches give details of the recap
ture of the town of Krusheyo,
twenty-three miles north of Mona-
FLORENCE. Colo,, Aug. 16,— A mass
meeting of coal miners was held to-day
to organize the men of .this district and
bring them Into the United Mine Workers
of Ame rica. After | the meeting a large
number of the miners present signed '• the
roll of -membership. It was said that as
soon as the field was thoroughly 'organ
ized the miners of the Northern coal fields
would help the Southern Colorado men , In
a stand for the < eight-hour day, abolish
ment of company, stores, a' better system
of ventilation in the mines ; and -l recogni
tion of their union, when the time is ripe.
Join the United Mine Workers.
By this and other similar acts the Ottoman
administration can be Judged. What must be
the result of all this? Tired of awaiting the
fulfillment of promises of better conditions and
driven to despair, the Bulgarian population
has thrown itself into a revolution, which is
now spreading in an Ottoman province 150
miles from the Bulgarian frontier. The causes
of this revolution are to-day known. The re
sponsibility is fixed and the Porte can no
longer accuse the Bulgarian principality.
The memorandum has made a strong
impression in diplomatic circles. The
Austrian diplomatic agent has already
called upon the Premier" to express his
anxety regarding the results that may
ensue from its publication. The French
and Italian agents also expressed uneasi
ness, although they took a less gloomy
view*
o . I .. I ..t.. I ,. : ..|.. I .. I .. I .. I ,. I .. I ..H, H . I .. I .. I .. I .. I .. I .^.
Not only has the Porte failed to observe- a
single one of the promises, but' it has en
acted sterner measures of repression. To give
only one example: It is prescribed as a condi
tion of release that a Bulgarian prisoner must
furnish financial or personal security, but in
the latter case the surety must be by a Turk
ish • subject of non-Bulgarian origin. It is
easy to comprehend that the imprisoned Bul
garians find it impossible to obtain release un
der such conditions.
Not Ions ago the Porte denounced these rev
olutionary movements as being: fomented by
Bulgaria and tried to put the responsibility
on this principality. To-day it must ac
knowledge that it is its. bad administration
which is the only cause for the trouble. From
sad experiences the Porte must learn that
cruel injustice and bloody repression do not
restore order and peace in a country.
Lastly, the Porte formally promised the Bul
garian Government to cease the arrests of Bui
garian priests and schoolmasters, reopen the
churches and schools. . release the prisoners and
punish the officials guilty of exactions; in
short, to adopt a policy of Justice and amelior
ation.
In conclusion, the memorandum asserts
that the foregoing exposure once more
condemns Ottoman administrative gov
ernment in Europe. It says:
Encouraged by the Ottoman authorities,
the Greek bishops and archimandrites
forced their way into the Bulgarian
church, burned, the prayer books and em
ployed menaces to compel the people to
acknowledge the patriarch. The archi
mandrite of Salonica declared in a recent
sermon that the Sultan did not want Bul
garian exarches in his empire, and if*they
remained they would be exterminated.
In addition to the decree banishing the
Bulgarian tradesmen from Constantinople
and Salonica, the Porte adopted measures
to ruin the traders elsewhere. The Gov
ernor of Monastir issued an order on April
23 forbidding Bulgarians to go abroad, or
even to Constantinople. This order was
Interpreted to prevent Bulgarians going
to any large city and forcing them to deal
only with the Turkish merchants.
The provincial administration employed
every possible means to install Mussul
mans in the Bulgarian villages. On the
slightest pretext the Bulgarians were
forced to sell their lands to the Turks
at any price the latter chose to pay. Bur
dened with taxes, liable I to perform
statute labor for the Turkish land own
ers, the population is reduced to a state
of serfdom. This is one of the principal
causes of discontent, and, when the ex
actions of the tax gatherers are added,
it is not difficult to understand why the
wretched people should revolt from such
a despotic government and servitude. , .
FACTS CONDEMN THE TTJBK.
PERSECUTION OF CLEBGY.
the memorandum states that the Bulgar
ian merchants living in Constantinople
and Salonica were ordered to return to
their native villages and were hot allowed
any time or opportunity to dispose of their
business and property. Some of these Bul
garians, who with their families had been
established for twenty years or more,
were . utterly ruined. As the order ap
plied equally to professors and school
masters, the Bulgarian schools were
closed before the end of the school year.
The authorities rigorously enforced the
same order against the Bulgarian priests,
making every effort to paralyze the de
velopment of religious and educational
work, depriving the Birigarian patriarch,
of all of his privileges and forcing people
to come under the authority of the Greek
patriarch.
550, a grand total of 2800. As Information
is lacking- from many districts in these
vilayets it is believed that without ex
aggeration the number of prisoners may
be placed at even three times this total.
Dealing with other acts of oppression,
ARRIVED.
Sunday. August 16.
' Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
-SAILED.- ;
Sunday, August " 16.
Stmr Montara, Reilly. Seattle. .
':,•.',, . DOMESTIC PORT. ¦ ,t
. SEATTLE— Arrived Aus 16— Stmr Jas Dol
lar, hence : Auk 12/ '.'„ V
Sailed Aus 15— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way, •".:.'-;.;.'. ¦ . ". ' . ¦¦ ; • . .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
Most striking effects are produced by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat board, greens, grays,
black and red; most stunning and artistic
for a very moderate outlay. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market streo«\ •
Poster Pictures.
¦ With all the thousands that went out on
the cars from all parts of the city there
was not'a single accident to report. There
was a tendency, however, on the part .of
professional pickpockets to carry on their
nefarious practice and they used their
skill successfully In crowded thorough
fares, to the annoyance of several vic
tims. .
The police have been notified and a
sharp lookout is to be kept for the thieves.
The usual Sunday crowd at Golden Gate
Park and the beach was tremendously
augmented yesterday by some thousands
of the visitors to the city. The day was
ideal and the veterans enjoyed the sylvan
retreats in the park and viewed with joy
the sportive seals on the rocks at the
cliff.
Visitors Make Merry at the Sylvan
Betreat and Watch the Spdrtive '
Seals.
THOUSANDS ENJOY DAY
AT BEACH AND PARK
' The cars were returning to Kansas City
from Forest Park and were crowded with
passengers. The trolley of the first car
had slipped the wire and while it was be
ing replaced the second car, running at a
rapid rate, crashed into the rear end.
Those seriously injured were on the rear
platform of the first car, which was badly
smashed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 16.— In a rear
end 'collision of two trolley cars to-night
on the Independence-Kansas City line
two persons were fatally injured, four
seriously hurt and a half dozen other3
sustained minor bruises and cuts.
The seriously injured: Eric Cobb, aged
30, will die; William "Wood, 16 years old,
both legs' broken and badly cut, will die;
Minnie Darner, aged 20; C. H. Ingalls,
Barney Haney, Ed Brown, conductor.
Two Injured Passengers Will Die
and Four Are Seriously
Hurt.
REAB-END COLLISION \
OF TWO TROLLEY CARS
Government inspectors passed upon 59,
158,649 live animals last year at a cost of
a little more than a cent each.
GREAT FALLS. Mont, Aug. 16.— By the
overturning of a picnic wagon from St.
Petersburg Mission late last night a party
of nuns and Indian girls were dashed
many feet down the side of a hill. Sister
l'Annunciate, an TJrsullne nun, was fa
tally injured and Mary Reed, a half-breed
Indian girl, badly hurt. Another nun and
several Indian girls were badly bruised
and lacerated. The accident occurred
during an electric storm, a flash of light
ning frightening the horses and causing
them to dash down a steep embankment.
Party of Nuns and Indian Girls Are
Dashed Down Side of a
Hill.
PICNIC WAGON TOPPLES
FROM AN EMBANKMENT
A certain degree of nervousness con
tinued on the American market and pur
chasing orders thus far have chiefly
emanated from Berlin. After a tem
porary decline a3 the outcome of profit
taking, it is expected that the Balkan
trouble may drive investors Into the
American railroad section of the market.
There were large purchases of Canadian
Pacific on both English and American
accounts. Kaffirs again had a good tone
accompanied by improving prices.
LONDON, Aug. 16.— After a compara
tively buoyant week, due to the turn
taken by the American market and the
fact that the settlement here involved
much less difficulty than had been an
ticipated, the stock market closed yes
terday rather dull and below the best
prices recorded. Macedonian affairs, which
hitherto had but slightly affected the
stock market, are thought now to have
taken an ominous appearance, and this
feeling had Its effect on transactions, con
sols being dull and. foreign securities gen
erally lower.
Ominous Appearance of Macedonian
Affairs Has the Effect of Caus
ing Depression.
LONDON STOCK MARKET
CLOSES BATHER DULL
King Charles of Roumanla, In an Inter
view, has conveyed the information that
he would not be traveling if he had any
fears of a rupture of the peace.
#-M"M"M-'r Mil' M..H..H"I"I"H"H-»
VIENNA, Aug. 16.— It Is reported "on
good authority that Russia's. demands on
Turkey were made after a full under
standing with the Austrian Cabinet, but
that the Austrian authorities had no idea,
that Russia intended to support her de
mands by a naval demonstration. In any
event the situation is considered more
favorable to peace than before.
. .The Porte denies the report emanating
from Sofia that it has armed 5000 Mussul
mans in the vilayet of Uskub.
¦A military train was slightly damaged
last night near Velescal, between Se
lencko and Kuprlll, on the Uskub-Salon
ica line. One soldier was killed and sev-:
eral others wounded.
Two bags of dynamite were found at
tached to the metals on the Vardar rail
way bridge near Kuprlll.
The British Embassador has called the
attention of the Porte to the situation in
Macedonia. He pointed out that grave
consequences may attend fresh murders
of Consuls or forelen subjects. The Em J
bassador had an audience with the Sultan
on Friday morning. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 16.— The Rus
sian press does not lay emphasis ou the
dispatch of a division of the Russian
Black Sea fleet to Turkish waters, merely
repeating the official statement without
comment. The Novoe Vremya, in an out
spoken editorial, says:
Bitter experience has shown the uselessness
and disadvantage of all concerted measures.
Now, since the murder of M. Rostkovski does
not concern Europe, we are proceeding with
out any concert, and, therefore, we can more
confidently predict complete satisfaction for
our demands of Turkey.
thirty-two batteries of quick-fire
field artillery guns, each constituted of six
guns. ¦ / .
The officials here affect ignorance of the
news that Russia is sending a squadron
to Turkish waters. They say that two
divisions of the Russian Black Sea fleet,
which recently assembled ' for the usual
autumn maneuvers, left Batoum three
days ago and Bome of the vessels will
probably visits ports on the Turkish
Black Sea littoral, as was the case last
year, but the movement has no signifi
cance and they scout the idea of a Rus
sian naval demonstration.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 16.— The
Ottoman Government has con
cluded negotiations with the
Krupp works for the supply of
Mv mother. Mrs. Goodwin, and I never con
ducted a reading-room in Oakland together or
at any place else. In reference to Schafer not
having knowledge of the divorce, the fact that
his lawyer advised him not to kidnap his chil
dren because he would only get himself in
trouble, but to coax his daughter to go with
him to Oakland and then fight it out in the
courts there. Is sufficient evidence of their
knowledge of the legality of my custody of the
children. But he did not obey, and he took
his daughter forcibly away from her teacher
against her will, as any one who heard her
screams for help can testify. Schafer used his
political pull (as he is doing now in Nebraska)
to work the police of Sacramento, and as he
had done in every city where he supposed I
would locate, and his movements are not now
•nd never have been aboveboard. My husband.
Mr. Beck, never figrured In any way In my do
mestic troubles and any assertion to the con
trary Is false.
I went East because be threatened my life,
and also he told my mother that he had every
lawyer and Judge in the county of Alameda
"fixed" so that they would not dare bring a
decision contrary to his wishes, and this later
1 believed firmly, because my suit was post
poned many time against my express wishes.
As for the fraud charged about the Ne
braska divorce, I have ample proof and wit
nesses to prove my allegation of habitual
drunkenness against Schafer. The State law
of Nebraska Is somewhat different in regard
to summons in either civil or divorce case from
the California code, and the law was coirplled
with In every point, as the judgment roll of
the case shows.
The cause of our domestic troubles was
drunkenness and frequent absences from home.
These absences sometimes extended for a
month or more at a time and no excuse waa
ever given for them. The fact that he gam
bled and drank waa no excuse for them to me.
In September, 1901, I commenced a suit for
divorce against Paul J. Schafer in Oakland.
where I then resided, on the grounds of ex
treme cruelty and non-support, as my applica
tion there on Ale will show. Instead of Sehafer
being "the aggrieved party" in this affair. I
moEt certainly am, as I could have brought
suit under all the necessary allegations for di
vorce under the California law save that of
felony. Schafer made no cross-complaint at
this time, which he certainly would have done
bad he such facts as he now claims he had and
now puts forth to the public.
My. divorce was granted on the ground of
habitual drunkenness in Omaha, Nebr., Octo
ber 22. lim'Z. My residence in Nebraska was
bona tide, as I can prove, because I went there
with the avowed purpose of practicing Chris
tian Science, and was going to locate in the
Bee building, Omaha.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 16.— Mrs. Herbert
W. Beck of Sacramento, former wife of
Assistant Postmaster Paul J. Schafer of
Oakland, was interviewed to-day with
reference to the story in this morning's
Call announcing that Schafer had filed a
petition in Omaha, Nebr., to have her
decree of divorce from him set aside on
the ground of perjury and fraud.
Mrs. Beck lives with her husband, Her
bert W. Beck, and her mother, Mrs. Jo
sephine Hunt Goodwin, in this city, where
they are practicing Christian Science. A
sensation was caused in this city a few
months ago .when Schafer kidnaped his
child while she was in the custody of a
governess employed by the mother, now
Mrs. Beck. Schafer was arrested and ex
amined in this city, but was discharged.
Mrs. Beck to-day 'prepared and signed
the following Btatement for publication in
The Call with reference to the Nebraska
divorce and the charges uttered by her
former husband:
Special Dispatch to The Call
Two Divisions of
Russian BlackSea
Fleet Are Moving
Claims That Drunkenness
Was the Cause of All
Her Trouble.
Mrs. Beck Denies That
She Secured Divorce
by Fraud.
Sultan Makes Large
Purchase of GunS
of Krupp Works
REPUES TO HER
FORMER HUSBAND
TWO HUNDRED MACEDONIANS ARE SLAIN;
BULGARIA ADDRESSES PLEA TO POWERS
CONVICTS VISIT
CAMPING PARTY
Make x Known Their
Identity and Secure
Provisions.
Turkish Atrocities
Are Set Forth by
Sofia Government
Outlaws Start Off in the
: Direction of the Glen
Alpine Trail.
Memorandum Cites
Long Series of Ap
palling Outrages
PL.ACERVILLE, Aug. 15.— Attorney
Fred Irwin of this city, who has been
camping at Phillip's station, near the
summit, in company with John F. Arm
strong, Register of the United States
I-«and Office at Sacramento, returned home
to-day and reported that last Friday
morning three men armed with rifles vis
ited their camp and. stating they had
gone two days without food, asked for
something to cat. The men appeared tired
and exhausted and they were given
breakfast, after which they left taking
eome provisions with them in a sack.
When getting their provisions, the women
and children of the camp gathered round
them to see who they were, and the
strangers suggested that they had better
not get too close to them as a sheriff's
posse might be in the neighborhood and
lire on them. They further stated that
they were escaped convicts and that they
would not intentionally harm any one.
They were extremely courteous to the
campir.g party.
Theron, who was recognized from a pic
ture, caught sight of Register Armstrong,
who in appearance and size somewhat
resembles Sheriff Bosquit, and, clapping
liis hand on his revolver, inquired. "Isn't
that the big sheriff?" He remained sus
jiicious after being told who Armstrong
was, for he kept his eye on Armstrong
until his companions had started off in
the direction of the Glen Alpine trail-
I^ater in the morning a boy named Pen
nick visited Irwin's camp and reported
that he had Feen two armed men a short
distance away. From their appearance
he thought them to be escaped convicts.
The two may have been covering the
camp while their three companions en
tered to get breakfast and provisions. The
oscapes evidently followed the Glen Al
pine trail, for a report was received from
Glen Alpine last night that the convicts
had taken dinner there.
GIVES UP THE CHASE.
Sheriff Norman Returns to Jackson
With His Man-Hunters.
JACKSON. Aug. 1C— Sheriff Norman and
Deputy Jackson returned from the con
vict-huntirg expedition yesterday and de
tailed iho facts of their trip. Norman's
posse consisted of twelve men and was
well provisioned. He was the only Sher
iff who took the field after the band of
live convicts excepting one deputy Sheriff
from El Dorado. The other pursuers
were volunteers attracted by a promise
of reward.
Norman says the convicts were never
in Fight at any time, nor was the smoke
at their camptires visible. At Caples Lake
he discovered that they had passed
through a deep gorge which is the outlet
of the lake. He did not attempt to follow
them in the canyon, as the nature of the
country was such, he says, that it would
be like leading his men to certain death.
The first five days the convicts traveled
only fifteen miles. While securing a fresh
tuppjy of provisions and believing that
the outlaws would continue their easy
pace, they slipped by him, making nine
miles one night, heading toward Carson
Valley.
Norman had to bear the expense of the
posse from his own private funds, and
having followed them through two coun
ties, and neither being Amador, he did
not feel Justified, without some volunteer
help, in pursuing them further. He be
lieves the five convicts broke into two
bands after crossing the summit
SAN JOSE LIUEMEir
WILL RETURN TO WORK
Settle Their Differences With Sunset
Telephone Company and Will
Be Reinstated.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 16.— The local union
and linemen have declared off the strike
against the Sunset Telephone ¦ Company
in this district and the men will return
to work to-morrow. The local linemen
claim a victory In that most of the de
mands asked are granted and they secure
an Increase of pay. This action in de
claring off the strike does not affect other
parts of the State. This district Includes
Santa Clara. San Benito, Santa Cruz,
Monterey and part of San Mateo counties.
The linemen of this district became dis
satisfied with the way the Western Con
ference was handling the strike and took
the matter In their own hands. Journey
men linemen in this district will get $3.50
ppr day. under foremen $3.73 and foremen
$4 per day. The men who went on strike
are not to be discriminated against and
will be reinstated. Those who went in on
the strike will be retained as beginners.
$25.00 to Yosemite and Return
In one way and out another over the
"Double Loop." The scenic way into the
Tosemite is the Santa Fe Merced Route,
which takes you directly through two
Groves of Big Trees. Special coupon
tickets, covering total expenses, five days
JG4.&0; seven days, SSS.iW; ten days, $42.90.
Full information at Santa Fe Office 641
Market street. ' •
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 16.— The street cor
ners of this city are being adorned with
handsome Flgn-posts giving the names of
streets and cross-streets. The work of
placing the street guides is being done
under the direction of the Woman's Im
provement Club. Money for this purpose
was raised at a series of entertainments
rriven by the club. Chief among the sub
htantial improvements made by the club
v.as the planting of shade and ornamental
trees and shrubs on Santa Rosa avenue
and other thoroughfares.
Wcmen Carry on Improvement "Work.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Aug. 16.— The Bul
garian Government has presented
a memorandum to the powers, set
ting out at great length the condi-
tion of affairs during the past
three months in Macedonia since the
Turkish Government undertook to insti
tute the promised reforms. The most pre
cise details, dates, places and names of
persons are given in the memorandum)
the whole constituting a terrible category
of murder, torture, incendiarism, pillage
and general oppression committed by the
Ottoman soldiers and officials. These
particulars were obtained entirely from
official circles, such as the representatives
of the Bulgarian Consuls and agents of
the Bulgarian Government, and, in many
instances, the reports made by Turkish
authorities. The Bulgarian Government
guarantees the absolute truth of every
statement and challenges the Porte to* dis
prove a single charge made in the memp
randum.
The memorandum begins by stating that
daring the past three months the'Ottoman
Government has taken a series of meas
ures with the alleged intention of inaugu
rating the era of promised reform and
of assuring peace and tranquillity to the
Bulgarian population of European Tur
key, but which have had the contrary ef
fect of further exasperating this popula
tion and reviving the revolutionary move
ment. Instead of proceeding solely against
persons guilty of breaches of the public
order, the military and civil authorities
have sought every possible pretext to per
secute, terrorize and ruin the Bulgarian
Inhabitants, alike in the large cities and
in the small villages. Wholesale massa
cres, individual murders, the destruction
of villages, the pillaging and setting fire
to houses; the arrests, ill-treatment, tor
tures, arbitrary* imprisonment and ban
ishment; the closing and disorganizing ot
churches and schools, the ruining of mer
chants, the collection of taxes for many
years in advance — such proceedings, the
memorandum says, are the acts of the
Ottoman administration of Monastlr, Us
kub and Adrianople.
PRISONS ARE CROWDED.
The memorandum next relates in de
tail a number of such cases in each vil
ayet. Beginning with the vilayet of Sa
lonica, it states that in the town of Sa
lonica itself the Bulgarian professors of
the university, the students and shop
keepers—In fact, all the intelligent Bulga
rians in the city— have been cast Into
prison.
One hundred and twenty soldiers entered
the village of Gorna-Ribnltea on May 19
and tortured to death five men and two
women
During the first three weeks of July
twenty-five villages In the district of Tik
vesch were subjected to the depredations
of the Turkish soldiers and Bashi Ba
zouks. The villagers were beaten and
tortured, the women violated and the
houses plundered, while the administra
tive authorities took no action.
In the vilayet of Monastir, artillery bom
barded and razed the flourishing town of
Smerdesch, 300 houses being left a heap of
ruins.
At the beginning of July two Greek
bands with the connivance of the author
ities plundered Bulgarian hous-es.
In the vilayet of Uskub the entire Bul
garian population has been systemati
cally persecuted since lasl May. The di
rector of the normal school at Uskub
was imprisoned because his library con
tained the "revolutionary" works of
"Othello" and "Les Miserables."
In Palanja. Kollschini, Koumanovo and
Gostigar the prisons are filled w\th Bul
garian priests, schoolmasters a^jd mer
chants.
During June the soldiers and Bashi
Bazouks terrorized the inhabitants of the
Schllft district, torturing the people with
red hot Irons. Similar atrocities perpe
trated in the vilayet of Adrianople are
cited.
, Altogether, the memorandum gives par
ticulars of no less than 131 Individual and
general cases of excesses and outrages
committed by the Turkish authorities. In
summarizing the specific details of the
outrages mentioned the memorandum de
clares that wholesale massacres were
perpetrated by regulars and Bashi Baz
ouks in the town of Salonica nnd the vil
lages of Balevet, Banitza, Echourilove,
Karbinza, Moffhila and Smerdesch and
Enldje, while the scenes of carnage, pil
lage and incendiarism were everywhere
terrible.
MTJRDEBS IN SMERDESCH.
At Smerdesch, more than 200 Bulga
rians were shot, killed with swords or
burned to death. More than 250 houses
and the churches and schools were set
on fire with petroleum and pillaged, the
property being sold by the soldiers and
Bashi Bazouks In neighboring places
Similar scenes occurred at the villages of
Gorhnah-Rlbnltz, Igoumentz, Dobrilaki
and Nlkodon. The villaeers there aban
doned their homes and fled to the moun
tains. More than 3000 men, women and
children fled from the sanjak of Seres and
even more from the sanjak of Kirkk-
Iisse.
It Is difficult, says the memorandum, to
obtain the exact number of Bulgarians
•who were Imprisoned, mostly on the
flimsiest pretexts, as when they were re
leased others were Immediately arrested.
The estimates obtainable give for the vi
layet of Salonlca 900 prisoners; for Uskub
BOO; for Monastlr 850 and for Adrianople
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1903.
MINISTER OF. FINANCE WHO
IS A POWER TN RUSSIAN EM
PIRE.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SEPTEMBER NUMBER
•/^™^( THE f~^\
A MACA^\* OF
ZINE I CLEVERNESS 1 j
OUT TO-DAY
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER WONDER OP SCIENCE.
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff
Is Caused by a Germ.
Science Is doing wonders these days In
medicine as *ell as in mechanics. Since
Adam lived, the human race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cessful cure until Newbro's Herpicide was
put on the market. It is a scientific prep-
aration that kills the germ that makes
dandruff or scurf by digging into the
scalp tq set at the root of the hair, where
it saps the vitality; causing itching scalp
falling hair and finally baldness. "Without
dandruff hair must grow luxuriantly. It is
the only destroyer of dandruff. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit
Mich. '
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
Tha Kind You Hare Always Bought
Signature of C^uz^^ /<e6&/U/l£
MARTIN'S COFFEE
Postal to 213 and 215 Mission at.
WHEELER MARTIN. -
A B sol A n S ed3> chalr9 > Stoves, .etc.
IBH fil fl I B Tents for rent and for sale.
§ 1 1 BmB &* Guns > Rifles, Fishing Tackle
1 IniHl and PportinR Goods. Send
WaTlBWIl for Catalogue. Shreve &
Barber Co.. 730 Market «u
. , - and 621 Kearny at.
-1A/. T. HESS.
NOTARY PUBLIC AHD ATTOKlCIY-AT-LAir.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus SpreckeU bid*.
Telephone Main 683.
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell
Residence Telephone James 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
en Application.
TBESH AAO'SALT MEATS.
JA^_ RnYF<J * ffl Shipping Butchen. 104
JA3. DUIC3 g WV. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OXXiS.
•LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
& a hughes, ; W1 B ss& ki!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To-day we call atten-
j tion to one of our special
, numbers in the Oxford
f line.
Style No. 412.
I Made of extra quality
vici kid uppers^ — hand-
: sewn turn soles — patent
leather tips — medium
round toe shape. No bet-
i ter made at
j $2.50 |
Ps?AAT!?r B iK/ 6EART
TWOBC ftSiWfii,..^ MOM "•
Sweet sleep comes to the baby
who is properly fed with st
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
A postal request will bring a sample of Met*
2in'= Food right to your home.
XAELLIN'C FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
BEERS
The Highest Priced but
| the Best Quality/
• 6OLO E.VEKYtfR£RE»
HILBERT MERCAN"TII*E CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
0 Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Jnneaa.
Haines, Skagway. etc.. Alas-
ka — 11 a. m.. August 4, 9.
14, 19. 2*. 29, Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancourer.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. August 4.
9, 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seattl*
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., August 2, 8. 14, 20, 29, Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m., August S, 11, 17. 23. 2&, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelea and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. in-
State of California. Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luia Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. August 3. 13, 21. 29.
Sept. S.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. 17. 23. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guayxnas (Mex.). 10 a* m.. 7th of eacls
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or lall-
lng dates. .
TICKET OPnCIS-.4 New Montffom-*
err street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Ag-nt.
-,-•'--¦• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Ang. 21. -81. "Georg«> Vf m
Elder" sails Aug. 16. 2ft Only steamship 11ns
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tlcketa includs
berth and meals.' Steamer sail* foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st: C. CLIFFORD. Cen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers win leave wharf, corner First an-J
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Na
cargo received on board en day of sailing.
S. S AMERICA MARU
* .Wednesday. Angust 26. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com- •
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeanlcs.s.co.E?g^
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Sept. 3. 11 a.nu
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
4J.J?IIEKElliBUS.Ci.Jl3lj..WitBaSe8.843MarW3
rr#tK2a.329HuMSL.Ntf!i7.ra^SL
COMPAGNIZ GE.HEHALB TRAffSATLaftTIQZi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jm^-
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, »i?niBg
North River, foot of Morton , street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:4j a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.." 12:30 noon, 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 15C8. Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
WfieECal $1.00 DerYearONE OF HOLLANDS NEW WARSHIPS, THE DE RUTTEH, WHICH RECENTLY UNDERWENT REPAIRS AT
THE NEWPORT NEWS YARDS. THE VESSEL WAS COMPLETED IN 1901 AT A COST OF $1,737,500 AND 13
ONE OF FIVE OF THE SAME CLASS BUILT OR BUILDING FOR THE DUTCH NAVY. THE OTHERS ARE:
KONINGIN REGENTES. COMPLETED IN 1902; HERTOO HENDBIK, COMPLETED THIS YEAR. AND TWO
UNNAMED IN COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION.
A Shawnee woman sewed $7500 in her bustle the
other day. lost it and then spent several harrowing
hysterical days in a finally successful effort to find
it. This should teach the fair sex that it is not safe
to sit on anything even remotely connected in any
way with things financial |iS3|
ADOPTED CHILD— Subscriber, City.
In California a child, when adopted, may
take the family name. After adoption the
two shall sustain toward each other the
legal relation of parent and child and
have all the rights and be subjected to
all the duties of that relation.
CHARLIE MITCHELL— A Subscriber,
City. When Charlie Mitchell fought John
L. Sullivan in Cljantllly, ; France, he
weighed 166 pounds. The record does not
give his weight on the occasion of each
of the many fights he had. His record
shows twenty-eight combats. . .:
.COTERMINOUS FENCES-S.. Santa
Clara* Cal. Fences are! regulated by lo-
TO THE CLIFF— Subscriber, City. The
distance from Baker street at the en
trance to the panhandle of Golden Gate
Park alone the main drive to the Cliff
House is 24,500 feet.* :
A SECOND— A. C/8.. Oakland, Cal. A
second la the time of one swing of a
pendulum making S6.469.09 swings a day,
or the 1-86,400 part of a mean solar day.
.COTTON MANUFACTORY— N. M. V.
City. It Is said that the largest cotton
factories in tho United States are located
in Fall River, Mass.
CARNEGIE-J. S. M., Burllngame. Cal.
Andrew Carnegie resides at 61 West Fifty
first street, New York City, N. Y.
cal laws. The question asked is one call
ing for a legal opinion. It is one of the
class that this department does not an
swer. This department will state the
law, but will not decide cases nor give
legal advice. ~ * -
SISTERS OF CHARITY- E. M. A.. City.
In Hassard's life of Archbishop Hughes
it does not appear that the Archbishop
named oflered to the Government the ser
vices of the slaters of charity for mili
tary hospitals during the Civil War.
ELECTRIC RAILWAYS - Subscriber.
City. The history of the electric rail
way in the United States dates back to
February. 18S3, when a short exhibition
line was built fn Chicago. This was fol
lowed by experiments In November of
the same vear on the Mount McGregor
and Lake Gcorce Railroad.
Dr. E. C. Dunn of Fresno Is at tha
Grand.
E. M. Woodman, a merchant of Oro
vllle, U at the Grand.
E-Assemblyman A. S. Mllice of River
side is a guest at the Grand.
C. M. Hartley, a fruit grower of Vaca
vllle, is registered at the Grand.
Oscar Robinson, a banker of Colusa, Is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
John McElroy, of the National Tribune
of Washington. D. C, is at the Palace.
Gen. W. G. Hawley. a well-known res
ident of San Jose, is at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife.
Gen. T. W. Sheehan, for many years
business manager of the Sacramento Rec.
ord- Union, is registered at the Occidental.
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
Everything you need in cameras and
photo goods. Tourists and visitors rea
sonably supplied. Sanbora, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
. CHINESE SCHOOL— S. and T.. City.
The Chinese Public School on Clay street
In San Francisco is In the brick structure
on the north, side of that street, between
Powell and Stockton, in what for many
years was the residence of the late J. W.
Winans. It is not now and has not been
draped in mourning. The one referred to
In the- letter of inquiry Is a private school,
not under the control of the Board of
Education.
CAPER— J.. City. Caper is the common
name of the pickled ..flower buds of the
Capparis spinosa of Southern Europe and
Barbary. It is a trailing shrub, growing
on- rocks and walls and extensively cul
tivated in Sicily and the South of France.
The flowers are large and beautiful. The
buds are gathered every morning and put
into vinegar, after which they are sorted
and the best are sent to market in Jars. ¦
NOT RELATED— B., Oakland, Cal. Ed
win Stevens and Landers Stevens, actors,
are not related.
• •h^^-i-i-i-i-i-i-K":-!-!-:"!-!-;-!-:-!-!^
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, August
15.— After a number of years epent
in work upon an Important new
book, Dr. Julius Goebel, head of the
department of Germanic languages at
Stanford University, has at last complet
ed the volume and it is now In the hands
of the publishers. The book, which was
prepared by Dr. Goebel at the request of
a noted publishing house in is
an exhaustive treatise on the conditions
and aspects of the Germans living In
America, and is one of a scries of similar
reports on the German colonies tn vari
ous parts of the world. The book is a
compilation of "facts gathered by Dr.
Goebel through many years of travel and
study; It will contain a great amount of
material heretofore unpublished, and in
effect will be a complete history of the
Germans in America, from the earliest
colonization until the present tfme, and
PERSONAL MENTION.
Other important books from Dr.
Goebel's p«n have been published from
time to time during the past fifteen years
and he is now looked upon as one of the
foremost contributors in this clasa of in
ternational literature.
Dr. Goebel was a student at the Unl*
verslty of Liepzig and received the degree
of Ph. D. at the University of Tuebingen
in 1SS2. He was instructor of German at
Johns Hopkins for several years and at
or.e time was editor o? the "Belletris
tisches Journal" in New York City.
into the western wilderness. Further
more, the important part taken by tho
Germans in the wars 0? the Revolutloa
and the Rebellion is pointed out with his
torical citations which simply substanti
ate the author's words. Lastly the influ
ence of German science and literature is
set forth to emphasize the scope of this
feature of American culture. The new
work is dedicated to President Roosevelt.
The book is entitled "Das Deutschthum
in den Vereinlgten Staaten von Amerika,"
and is a comprehensive work. Perhaps
the most imDortant thought conveyed by
the author is expressed in a. chapter de
voted to the winning of the West by the
Germans. It is slfown that the German
pioneers from Pennsylvania, Virginia and
the Carolina* were the first to push out
the latter part of the work, especially. Is
a consensus of German influence in this
country at the beginning of the twentieth
century. Among other things, the book
contains statistics to prove that almost
one-half of the present population of the
United States Is of German descent,
either entirely or otherwise. The influ
ence of this element in our civilization is
shown in the opening and extension of
the resources of the country; in the de
velopment of our higher intellectual life
as expressed in music, literature and ed
ucation.
WHAT is entitled in its corporate charter as
"The Cash Buyers' Union First National Co
operative Society" has just been incorpor
ated under the laws of New Jersey. Our Eastern
exchanges say it is believed to be a department store
trust. Certainly the name is long enough and big.
enough to mean almost anything and to do almost
any kind of business, for if ever the cash buyers^
achieve a genuine national union they will wish to
include within the scope of their activity all thing's
that are offered for cash from a scat in the Senate to
a pint of peanuts.
The objects of the corporation as specified in its
charter are as wide and as varied as the title is long.
They arc thus set forth in the New York Times:
"To establish, conduct, and manage general depart
ment stores in every State in the United States and
Europe. To manufacture, buy and sell all kinds of
merchandise, animate or inanimate. To manufacture
all kinds of raw materials into finished products. To
own, acquire and conduct printing, lithographing, en
graving and publishing business. To construct, own,
operate or lease warehouses in every State of the
United States and in foreign countries. To organ
ize and operate schools of instruction and libraries.
To carry on any of the business of house decorators,
sanitary engineers, electrical 'engineers and contract
ing in all the branches thereof; gas fitters; coal and
wood dealers; land, estate and housfe agents; builders,
contractors, storekeepers, "refreshment contractors
restaurant keepers/dealers in drugs and medicines and
mineral waters, barbers and hair dressers, perfumers,
dairymen, market gardeners, nurserymen and florists,
photographers and dealers in photographic supplies;
printers, lithographers and engravers; dealers in do
mestic trained and fancy antnfils and in every com-,,
modity sold in general department stores."
With a charter like that there will be well nigh no
legal limit to the activities of the corporation. It :
seems that perim«sion is granted to do everything
except practice law, issue marriage licenses and write
poetry. \ It appears' the start of the all comprehending
octopus is to be made in a comparatively modest
way, for it has an authorized capital of only $5,000,000.
As that sum would not run the department stores of
New York City alone it will be some time before
the outreach of the corporation will attain to this
city. '"'.".'
A curious feature of the charter is that it gives tta
directors of the corporation the right "to enter into
and perform any kind of contract with the company."
It will be seen that the directors are to have riot only
a big hand and agrasping one, but also a free arm
to swing it with. Altogether the Cash Buyers' Union
First •', National Co-operative Society has not only
given itself a large name, but intends to acquire a
1 larger reputation as speedily as it can.
THE LATEST OCTOPUS.
PARLIAMENT has 'been prorogued by a speech
from the throne which the dispatches describe
as of little interest to the world or even to
the British public. It was a non-committal address,
which pledges the Ministry to nothing, so the dis
patches say: "There has probably never been a pro
rogation of Parliament leaving the future of the
Government so uncertain as is the case in* this in
stance." By the King's speech the prorogation runs
to November 2, but in the debate upon it some of the
leaders of the opposition declared a conviction that
the present Parliament would never meet again and
ihat there would be a dissolution and a general elec
tion in the fall.
The uncertainty of the situation is due almost
wholly to the keen interest taken in Chamberlain's
proposal for the establishment of a system of cus
toms duties on imports which will enable Great Brit
ain to protect her home industries, give preferential
trade to her colonies and obtain commercial privi
leges in other countries by reciprocity treaties. Since
Chamberlain first submitted his plan it has been the
chief theme of political discussion in the press and
among the people. The education bill and the Irish
land bill, of which so much, was heard when Parlia
ment met, have been almost completely set aside by
the new issue. It is true there remains a faction that
holds the educational Dill to be the most important
measure before the country, but it is onlya faction,
and it is safe to say that if a dissolution take place
this fall the ensuing election will be fought out 'mainly
between the free traders and the protectionists.
The Prime Minister is to make a speech at Shef
field at the end of September and the nation is waiting
eagerly for the event. He has hitherto avoided a
definite statement as to his attitude toward the tariff
as one of practical politics, and as a conseauence he
has in his Cabinet, along with Mr. Chamberiain, sev
eral men who are in strong opposition to him. The
Sheffield speech is expected to clear up the situation
and it is predicted that when it has been made either
Mr, Chamberlain or the Duke of Devonshire and his
free trade colleagues will have to leave the Cabinet/
That would entail a reorganization of the Ministry
and tray compel a dissolution of Parliament.
While Balfour has not decisively expressed himself
upon the issue at point he has said many things
which give ground for the belief that he will favor
the Chamberlain scheme. Thus in discussing it in
Parliament he said on one occasion: "Many persons
have allowed themselves to be led into a belief that
this controversy is" simply a controversy as to whether
the food of the people should be taxed. That is not
the controversy. There is no logical or substantial
reason I know of why a policy, if it be wise and if it
be practicable in other ways, should not ; be carried
out without increasing the cost of living to the
poorer classes of the country." On -another occa
sion he showed that he is much influenced by Cham
jberlain's argument far a preferential tariff as a means
PARLIAMENT PROROGUED.
Professor Moses Assures us that the theory and
practice of our teaching in the schools of the Philip
pines are .eminently successful. Recent events indi
cate clearly therefore that this conclusion of an emi
nent educator proves that our instructors in the
islands of the Southern seas have not enrolled many
of the ladroncs in the public schools. . These rascals
appear to be imperious to sweetness and light.
IT is seldom that general business conditions arc
so thoroughly understood by the public as at
present. One reason is their simplicity, the other
ii that this is pre-eminently a commercial era and
commerce attracts more scrutiny and study than it
ever did before. History will probably designate this
as the commercial age.
\s for the first reason the situation is simply that
the merchandise trade of the country is proceeding on
quiet and well-ordered lines, while the great specula
tive mart of the country has been writhing in the
throes of an old-fashioned attack of colic. Legiti
mate trade, composed and well balanced, has been
contemplating this speculative convulsion with the
indifferent eye of a mastiff mother lazily observing
the antics of her puppy working itself up into a frenzy
over a newspaper or an old hat. Stocks have gone
down, down, down; recovered and gone down again,
and so on, while the farm and counting-room have
been as quitt as millponds. But, of course, this
cannot last forever; sooner or later, some time or
other, general business will be affected by these
stock-market spasms unless the country's legislators
provide an elastic currency adapted to the rapid ex
pansions and contractions of business characteristic
of modern times.
It is a case of tempora mutantur. Times change
and we change with them. Forms and methods of
business become modified through various causes and
the currency must conform to the demands of the
new conditions or there is trouble.
As far as individual staples are concerned there
have been but few changes during the 1 past week.
The clearings of the banks are just about what they
were a year ago, the difference being less than I per
cent. The failures were 175, against 148 last year.
The earnings of the railroads thus far in August show
a gain of about 8 per cent in favor of this year and
the railroads are becoming unable to handle all the
freight tendered them owing to insufficiency of cars.
This indicates an enormous distribution of merchan
dise, for the railroads have been stocking up with
new cars for several years back, and though the facto
ries have been working to their full capacity all this
time they have not yet caught up with their orders.
This condition says more for the state of business
than any other. The foreign trade, however, is not
making as good an exhibit as the domestic, as both
exports and imports have been decreasing of late.
The iron and steel trades are reported active without
any excitement and quotations show some slight
changes.
Fall business in the different descriptions of cloth
ing is expanding generally throughout the country,
which is a regular seasonal condition at this time of
the year. Hides and leather have been weakening
for some little time and provisions continue to drag
toward a lower plane of values, with the output of
hogs ?.nd other livestock steadily increasing. There
is nothing new of any consequence in the cotton and
woolen trades. The crop outlook of the country con
tinues excellent, though previous estimates of the
volume of the wheat yield have been materially re
duced during the past ninety days.
Wall street has shown considerable \ tendency
toward reaction during the past week. The general
trend of prices was upward, and on one or two days
?he recovery was very pronounced. The opinion is
growing that the decline, like the preceding inflation,
lias gone too far, and that a good many shares are
now selling below their actual worth as dividend
propositions. The public, however, has not yet re
covered from its recent nervousness and is not flock
ing freely to the bargain counter. The bankers are
reassuring them, but they arc like shy animals, slow
to approach.
Our local conditions remain about as before. With
excellent crop conditions, good prices for farm
products, a steady overland and foreign demand for
our State products, plenty of money, high wages,
labor fully employed, a steady immigration into the
State and active domestic markets, the condition of
affairs in California is not only cheerful but bright and
full of promise. Prosperity is still with us.
CONDITION OF TRADE
S8m -t^^^^C^Il^
MONDAY ...AUGUST 17, Wi
JOHN D. SPREgCHj^Proprlctor.
/f«ret» All CommunlcaUon^toW^S^EAK&J^
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You Witli the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market an* Tlilrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ctx
Per Month. Single Copies S Cents.
Terms *T M*". Incluflln* Potta.se (Gash W1U» Ordsrt J
DAILY /'at.t. Cacludlnx Sunday), oo« year iw»
DAILY rii.T. flndudlnx Sunday). « months. «»f
DAILY CALL— By Slaslc Month...- "*?¦
EUICDAY CALL. On* Year **"
traCLY CALL. On. Y^..^ «.;;— —
rxmrzo* rotrrAOB « twgr^ *£^*~ ££
Ail Poitmuten are authorised to recelvo
subscriptions. #
Bcjcple eerie* *U» be forwxrded when raaaftfttO.
LtowTa Wnpt and correct compliance with tbeir reque.U
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. -.-^
S14M Center Street .Telephone Worth TT
' . GEORGE KROGXESS. Manascer Foreign Adver
tising-, Marqnette Bnlldin«r. Chicago.
(Long Dl»t*nc« Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UOBTOK E. CHASE 14Qg « Street, W. W.
KKW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
tTEPHB* B. SMITH 30 Tribune Dulldln,
• NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTO* Herald S«nare
• * CHICAGO NEWS STAKDS:
Cnermaa Hoofe; P. O. New. Co.: Great Northern Hotel.
TwotoThou*: Auditorium Hotel; Palmer Howe.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waiacrf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square:
uSSt^iSaMt >ltth-«~nu. Hotel art Hoffman Hou~.
Rn .. rn OFFICES 627 Montgomery, cottier of Clay. op«a
To'clock. *00 Hay... open until 3:30 o'clock. CSS
7eJtnteter. open until »:80 o'clock. C13 Larttn. open until
|» o-dteck/ XM1 MlMlon. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2231
IStfkTt Corner SliUeoth. open until 9 o'clock. 10W Ja
vTS. «*n until » o'clock. 11* Eleventh, open until 8
«f rtock KW. corner Twenty-Becond and Kentucky, open
ertttiV ?2f** nilmore. open until 8 p. m.
navy that has not been more or
less seriously injured by running Into
some hidden rock or other obstruction.
The accident of the Massachusetts on
August 12 Is the third to that battleship
since her first commission— June 10, 1S93.
On December VI, 1898, the ship scraped' her
bottom on Diamond reef In New York
harbor, necessitating repairs at a cost of
$138,000. On March 21. 1901, she ran aground
in Pensacola Harbor, sustaining slight In-
Jury and now the ship has located another
rock by bumping against it and getting
seriously damaged. Captain H. N. Man.
ney, her commanding officer, is evidently
not afraid of his ship, but takes great
chances. He took the same ship through
Hell Gate June 20. 1901, narrowly escaping
grounding and the Navy Department re
buked him for his rashness. On June 20
last the Massachusetts collided with a
schooner off Boston Light, and thus the
ship is acquiring a record of bad luck,
largely due to poor or reckless naviga
tion.
The office of naval Intelligence estab
lished inJ882 has up to the present time
Issued many publications relating to
naval matters at home and abroad. Un
der the* title of "Information From
Abroad," a yearly volume has been issued
since 1883, giving a synopsis of naval con
struction in, all countries, which because
of the evident care bestowed In making
the Information as reliable rs possible,
and because of the limited edition Is much
Bought for. This set of twenty-one vol
umes contains the . record , of . progress
made In the world's navies from 18S4 and
is the only work of its kind in existence.
It has been somewhat' Inconsistent in its
scope of information owing to the fre
quent changes of secretaries of the navy,
chief of the office and personnel of the
staff. Up to 1S93 it dealt with all navies,
but In the year named Secretary Tracy
eliminated all the data relating to the
United States navy: in 1895. under Secre
tary Herbert, the edition was cut down
to 1000 copies, and now. for seme unex
plained reason, its publication 1ms been
discontinued.
President Roosevelt has written a letter
to the recently organized Navy L-a^ue
in New York cordially indorsing Its aim
t.o arouse public interest in the necessity
for building up a large navy. That gen
eral interest— such as Is manifested nota
bly in England and Germany— Is lacking
ACCIDENTS to our war vessels are
becoming rather frequent of late
and there is scarcely a ship In the
The reported! explosion of a water-tube
boiler, August 8, on board the British
cruiser Blake Is probably a mistake. The
Blake was built in 1S89, six, -years before
the introduction of water-tube boilers in
the British navy. She was, fitted with six
ordinary boilers of the Scotch type and
there Is no record showing that new style
boilers* have been substituted. The ship
is laid up in reserve at Devonport and has
The new system of teaching languages
by means of gramaphones has been in
troduced at the Naval Academy. One hun
dred and flfty-flve of these machines,
each containing ten records, have been
placed In the rooms of the midshipmen
to Instruct them in the French and Span
ish languages. The lessons of the day as
printed in standard books used at the
academy are repeated by the records, so
that the midshipmen have their eye and
ear educated at the same time In the
language they are studying. A trial of
this new method is said to have given
very satisfactory results.
There is no delay on armor contracts
for the eighteen battleships and armored
cruisers under construction. All the or
ders have been placed and the shipbuild
ers alone may be blamed for non-delivery
of ships at the stipulated time. On August
6 six hundred tons of armor was tested
and accepted for the battleships New Jer
sey and Rhode Island, the snips being
only 40 per cent completed. The plates
tested were for the belt, 11 inches thick
at the top and 8 inches at the bottom, and
the penetration of our 8-inch capped pro
jectile fired at a velocity of 1608 feet per
second was only three -and one-half
inches.
Jn this country is quite evident. There is
an utter absence of publications, entirely
or largely devoted to naval subjects, and
the only information the public at large
receives is an occaasional item about the
launch of a ship or disaster to some
foreign or United States naval vessel- Tet
there is a respectable number of persons
interested in naval affairs. The r.avy per
sonnel, rank and file, numbers upward of
40,000, to which add the navy yard farces
and the thousands of persons cn;?aged in
building ships for the navy. In England.
France, Germany, Italy, and even Spain,
public interest is stimulated through semi
official or official publications relating to
naval matters with good results. The
United States Government should ex
tend rather than curtail its information
on what is going on in the several navies
and should not have discontinued the
"Information From Abroad.'.'
DR. JULIUS GOEBEL OF THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY
WRITES A HISTORY OF THE GERMANS IN AMERICA
no occasion to use steam except In her
donkey boiler.
The British Admiralty haa placed con
tracts for four scouts with Laird. Vlck
ers, Armstrong and Fairfleld. The new
ships are to be duplicated or those now
under construction by the builders named,
and vary In dimensions and horsepower,
but are all to have a speed of 25 knots.
The Pathfinder, building at Laird's, is
360 feet by 38 feet. 13 feet 3 inches draught.
2610 tons and 16,000 horsepower. The larg
est, named Sentinel, is 260 feet length.
33% feet beam. 11 feet 2 Inches draught.
2900 tons displacement and 17.000 horse
power. They have all a normal coal ca
pacity of 150 tons and carry a battery ot
ten 12-pounder quick-firing guns.
The Londow Times of July 24 states tiet
the Euryalus, an armored cruiser of 12,
000 tons, had proceeded to sea for the pur
pose of trying her 9.2-lnch guns on Ions
range with an increased charge of 25
pounds of cordite. The gun stood the test,
but the mountings and ail the machinery
in the vicinity were torn up. On the fol
lowing day the Admiralty denied the
above statement, asserting that no such
trial had taken place and that the Eurya-
Iu3 had not fired her guns since June
20. The Admiralty Is, of course, loth to
have any news of a disquieting nature
become public and its contradictions on
several occasions have proved to be mere
quibles, notably In recent accidents to
ships In th« Mediterranean? In the
Euryalus case the Times has probably
again forestalled official Information.
All battleships and a largo number of
cruisers in the British navy are fitted with
wireless telegraphy, chiefly the Marconi
system. The present expense upon wire
less telegraphy is about 1100.000 a year,
and an agreement with the Marconi com
pany is pending by which the use of the
system would be greatly extended in. the
navy, as well as on coast stations.
The armored cruiser Donegal has at
tained the phenomenal average of 23.737
knots and 22.134 horsepower during the
eight-hour full power trial last month
and Is the fastest ship of her type in the
British and all other navies. The ves
sel's performance is so much more re
markable from the fact that the ship was
fully completed and ready for active ser
vice, a condition which the Admiralty
now exacts from the contractors. Her
maneuvering trials were also satisfactory.
The Donegal was built and engined at
the Fairfleld yard, near Glasgow, and Is
1 of 9S0O tons. Of the ten ships of this class
eight have been tried and accepted up to
the present time.
In fact public interest in the issue is now so great
that if the various industries injured by the fraudu
lent trades will, unite and present their demands
strongly before Congress it is well nigh certain an
effective bill on the subject wijl be enacted during
the coming term.
The Call has for several years been urging the
wine, oil and fruit men of California to look to Con
gress for a bill of the kind proposed by the wine
growers and has repeatedly pointed out the injury
resulting from the present license allowed to the
manufacturers of spurious goods. If nothing has
been done by Congress of a really effective nature to
prevent the sale of adulterated and falsely branded
articles it is only because the various industries af
fected have not yet combined to work for the common
good. The action taken by the wine men at St.
Helena promises good results because k represents
organization and union, but the prospect of success
would be brighter still if the fruit men and the oil
men of the State would form similar organizations tol
work for the same end.
It is not merely adulteration that should be forbid
den, but false labeling. A great deal of harm is done
to many industries by the practice of unscrupulous
manufacturers in labeling inferior goods as standard
brands. Comparatively worthless Eastern fruit is
sold in Eastern markets under the name. of Califor
nia fruits, and our oil men and our wine men suffer
similar wrongs. s
That the issue will be a difficult one to deal with is
conceded, but it is quite possible to frame a bill that
will injure no legitimate industry, while ridding the
country of the great mass of fraudulent food and
medicines now on the market. * The wrong affects
every consumer as well as the producers of honest
goods, and there is a strong public sentiment to sup
port the demands of the reformers. The conditions
of the time are therefore propitious to the movement
of the wine producers, and if they stay with the fight
they may attain the desired Federal law during the
coming winter.
CALIFORNIA^wine men have taken an oppor
tune time to organize for the purpose of peti
tioning Congress to prohibit the sale of adul
terated wines in the American market. The issue
has long been under consideration and in the general
form of a fight for pure food is now engaging the
attention, of leading. men in nearly every legitimate
producing industry in the United States. Dairymen,
flour manufacturers, fruit men, oil men, meat packers
and the manufacturers of pure drugs have all within
a comparatively short time declared themselves in
favor of- the; enactment of a Federal law which will
protect the honest producer from the unfair compe
tition of men whose goods are either adulterated or
are falsely labeled.
IURE WINE LAWS.
< It is seldom that Californians have so general a
community of interest in the movements of a band
of men now at large in our midst. The savage crea
tures who* escaped from Folsom prison and disap
peared no one knows where and apparently no one
knows how have become in our imaginations ubiqui
tous. We may meet them anywhere and at any time,
and under any condition they will be dangerous.
Reverence too will be given abundantly to the army
nurses, those brave women who left their homes to
minister to the sick of the camps and the wounded of
the battlefields. Their trials were not lighter than
those of the soldier at the front, their patriotism not
less. They too served their country well and the
story of their deeds will remain for all time as an in
spiration to the patriotic womanhood of the republic.
So for every grade and rank of the visitors and for
the families who have come with them to share in
the patriotic inspirations of the encampment and to
see the wonderland of California there will be a cor
dial welcome everywhere. San Francisco is not to
stand alone in the welcome, for from all parts of our
great State invitations will come to the veterans to
visit localities already notable for beauty and for
hospitality. Moreover thousands of Californians will
come to this city to take part in the events of the re
ception here; so that it is a literal Calif or nian wel
come that is extended to the veterans, and we may
be sure they will carry with them a thousand pleasant
memories of it when they return to their Eastern
DURING this week therchief business and the
chief pleasure of San Francisco will be that
of entertaining the veterans of the Grand
Army of the Republic. To that end the promptings
of loyal hearts and the ministrations of willing hands
will be given unceasingly until the encampment closes
and the veterans depart.
It is right and fitting that it should be so. In the
order of nature it is not likely we shall ever see again
a gathering of the Grand Army in this city. Many
cities will compete for the honor of entertaining the
veterans in future years, and their ranks are now so
rapidly diminishing that long ere it comes our turn
to again receive'them their numbers will be few and
it is doubtful if among the survivors there will be
many who can come across the continent from their
Eastern homes to assemble on this coast. Our wel
come this week therefore must be one of "hail and
farewell," and though it may not be openly spoken
the feeling will be in the hearts of all that we are now
as a city giving d\ir final greeting to the Grand Army
as an organization.
Among our visitors are many whose names are
familiar in. our mouths as household words. They
are the commanding ones on whose, lives and deeds
the light of fame has fallen. The youth of the city
will hold it hereafter as a precious memory that they
have seen and perhapslhave heard these famous ones
with whom history ana tradition will be busy. It
will delight them to recall that they have a personal
recollection of this or that man whose name they will
meet in reading the annals of their country. So to
the famous ones all eyes will be turned during the
week and San Francisco will feel a pride in doing
them honor.
It is not to the famous only, however, that the
hearts of the people will turn with affection. The
essential spirit of Americanism is that of a genuine
democracy that recognizes /worth wherever found,
and we know that in the ranks are many veterans as
worthy of honor as those whose high offices render
them more conspicuous. Americans have never
failed to give proper tribute to the privates in the
ranks, the men who bore the heat and the burden of
the day, whose pay was small, to whom promotion
never came, whose names are unrecorded save in the
annals of their homes, and who during all the years of
the war fought with an undimmed patriotism and an
unflagging courage from a sense of duty and of loy
alty to their country and to' the sacred cause repre
sented by its banner.
GRAND ARMY WEEK.
BATTLESHIP MASSACHUSETTS BREAKS
ALL THE NAVAL BAD LUCK RECORDS
of conserving the empire, for he said: "There is a
side to this controversy which is. beyond mere politi
cal economy and the wisdom to be derived from sci
entific text books. That question is the question of
closer imperial unity. * * * It is an idea very
alien to the palmy days of free trade. Mr. Cobden
had, I believe, little regard for the colonies. Mr."
Bright said it did not matter to us to whom India
belonged. We have all passed beyond that. We
have passed beyond it as political economists; we
have passed beyond it as patriots."
From utterances of that kind the protectionists
draw the conclusion that when events force the
Prime Minister to declare himself he will be found
on the side of Mr. Chamberlain. Then the issue will
have to be met by ParliamenUand by the people.
Such being the case there appears good reason fpr
deeming that the present Parliament will have but a
short career even should it ever meet again.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 3903.
6
Th/ comet*of 1S13 was the only one dur-
ing the last century visible in broad day-
light.
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of barber,
grocer) ; best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 50c. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistic flre-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at., above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business nouses and public men by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 233 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main UHL *TO SAIT...
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Atitt'iiNt 17. ¦
Montara... Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 9
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Phoenix.... Mendoclno direct... 1 ptn Pier IS
Chlco Coqullle River .... « pm Pier 2
Eureka. . . . .i Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Corona ' Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
B O nlta Newport & .Way.. 9 am Pier in
pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pltr 2
AuRU«t 18.
Atholl...... China & Japan... 2 pm Pier 2T
Coptic China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Los "Angeles Port*. 10 am Pier 10
AnrctiMt 10.
C. NeUon.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 vm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt. 4 -rn Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Per 16
City PucbU Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier I
AaptiKt SO.
Centralla... Lou Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 1*
/Vrctlc...... Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
i. Monica.. Gray. Ha rbor . . . . .. 4pm Pjer 2
Pomona.... Humboldt I ; <Jwp I^I X
A?io Eel River Ports . . . . ! 4 pm P er 2
6ta% C* 1 ! Ran Diego & Way. 9 am P^r 19
MlnnewaakJ New York direct.. ...... Pier — •
Anflfiwt , .
Co^mbla'.:. A.tZa'& Portland 11 am PUr U
Nebraskan. Honolulu & K.hului 3 pm P er 18
SarracoutR. N. Y. v £, /£}"**, 12 m P 'I °
UmatlUa... Pu^*J B n t d aoj 1 "' " *" '*
a Martf ,. Chlna"^ 11 Japan.'... 1 pm Pier 40
Bival*?..' Wlllapa Harbor-.. ] * pm Pier 2
"~" FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. 1 Sallg.
Doluhln .:•• Skagway & Way Port» Aug. IT
PorUand ... Norn. & Bt. Michael.. Au*. 20
DlrigSv:.. ¦..".¦ Bkagway * Way Port* Aug. 20
ritv Seattle.. 1 Skagway _ Way Ports Aug. 21
HumbVldt . Ekagway fc Way Port. Aug. 22
NomeCltV. ., Cooks Inlet A Way Pt» Aug. 25
Couage CUV.. Skagway A Way PorU Aug. 27
City Topeki.. Bkagway & Way Ports Aug. 29
It isn't always common sense th»t
counts; some times it's the uncommon
kind. .......
Daily August 17th to 224 inclusive an extra
boat will leave Ban Francisco at 10:30 p. m. for
Eaueallto, Sen Rafael, Mill Valley and inter
mediate points. Lost boat leaves at 11:45
AO<-^__Bi
Extra Sausalito Boat.
United States" Coast' and ':¦ Geodetlo : Survey—
-Time and Heights ot / High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent \
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misa Ion-street r-harf) about 26
Sun, Moon end Tide.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 16.— An aerie of the
order of Eagles was organized In this city
to-day by State Organizer Epplng. The
organization starts out with a member
ship of nearly 100. A banquet followed
the organization.
Eagles Organize a New Aerie.
Epeclal Dlepatch to The Call
BAN JOSE, Aug. 16.— A big mountain of
coal i* burning in the Southern Pacific
yards In this city. Ten thousand tons
stored near the round house caught flre
three <Jaye ago from spontaneous combus
tion, and the railroad company has been
unable to check the flames. Water Is of
little use in a flre of this kind, which 1*
located in the bottom of one end of the Im
mense piles of coal. A large number of
men have been working in an effort to
gave as much of the coal as possible.
Cuta are being run through the pile in
many directions and the part that i«
burning will be Isolated from the rest.
This will eave at least half of the coaL
Coal for the engines is being used from
rear the flr« and it 1* also being carted
away as quickly as possible. The fire is
enly smouldering at present, but It Is
feared that as the air gets to it. It will
The food the Chinese eat is relished by
many Americans. It is generally cooked
In a- cleanly manner, and only choice
meats, cut in small pieces, are used in It
pork, beef and the breast of chicken and
duck, with such delicate vegetables us
young bamboo, mushrooms, celery and
water nuts. Chinese food is. however,
very rich and heavy, and Americans rare
ly eat ; lt except at night- The Chinaman's
breakfast in America is very much like
what the American's breakfast Is. It
generally consists of coffee, bread, eggs
and ham. After breakfast the Chinese-
American eats Chinese food, but for the
morning meal he cannot stand his < own
cooking.— Philadelphia Record.
The Food of Chinese.
Trustee P.K. Dow, who Is superintend
ing the work, said that the repairs, were
"s4out completed and no inconvenience
•would be caused. The balance of the
painting will be done ' by > the non-union
men who remained at work.
S.AN JOSE, Aug. 16.-The San Jose
State Normal School has been placed un
der the ban of the trades unions. ' Much
repair work has been going on in the
school during vacation. Contractor Hogue,
who has the painting contract, employed a
number of non-union men. The Building
Trades Council served notice on Hogue a
few days ago that unless he discharged
the non-union men all the union mechan
ic? employed on the building would be or-,
dered out on strike. Hogue refused to
comply and yesterday about a dozen
plumbers, painters and other union men
packed up their tools and quit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 16.— Right Rev.
Bishop Thomas Conaty has created a
new parish In this county. It embraces
Aptos, Soquel, * Capitola and Leonard.
Rev. P. J. Hennessy, formerly of Santa
Cruz, but later assistant at Santa Bar
bara, has been placed in charge. The
parish taken from both Santa Cruz and
Watsonville parishes. The chapel is situ
ated at Aptos. Mass was formerly cele*
brated here twice a month by a clergy
man from Santa Cruz.
Bishop Conaty Creates a New. Parish.
Ten Thousand Tons of
Fuel Are Burning
at San Jose.
Now Is the tlm* to see this great marvel of
nature with Its sublimely towering walls and
rugged cliffs. Its cascades pourlnx from dizzy
heights, when the summer's beauty Is over all
Sleeping car to Raymond, via Southern Pa
cine, every night. For folden and details ap
ply to Information Bureau. 013 Market street.
Y0SEMITE VALLEY.
$38 Bound Trip $38.
San Jose Union Men
Refuse to Work on
the Building.
Is sometimes almoct as- difficult as nam
ing the 'baby. You find the task an easy
one if you bring your pictures to us and
try the moldings and mats here. We
have so many varieties of moldings and
such exquisite ones that a satisfactory se
lection is quickly made. Sanborn Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
Framing the Picture
BIG MOUNTAIN
OF COAL ON FIRE
NORMAL SCHOOL
UNDER THE BAN
become fiercer. It is impossible to esti
mate the loss, but it will amount to sev
eral thousand dollars. Another large pile
of coal near the one burning is being
closely watched to see that it does not
become ignited.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 16.— The annual
conference and camp meeting of the Ad
vent Christian Churches of northern and
central California will commence in this
city on Wednesday. Rev. T. lj. Organ,
president of the conference, is completing
arrangements for the reception of the
delegates. Rev. Mr. Carpenter of Santa
Clara, Rev. I. N. Archibald from Southern
California and a number of other dele
gates are now here. The conference
promises to be the largest held in years.
Conf erence of Advent Churches.
BKATTLK— Arrived Aug 1&— stmr Dolphin,
from Skyway: , stmr. Portland, from Nome;
stmr Oreeon, from Nome. . ¦ . ,
PORT HADLOCK— Satlid Aug 15— Bark
Carrollton, f -n Sydney. . „
AbTOKIA— Sailed Aug 1C— Stmr Columbia
and sehr Ethel Zane, .for San Francisco; atmr
Despatch, for Ran Francisco.
MF.NDOCINO— Arrived Aug 1»-Schr New
ark, and sailed for San Francisco.
EVERETT— failed Aug 10— Stmr Umatllla.
for • San ¦• Francisco.
POKT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 18— Fr
sbh> Andre Theodore, from Antwerp.
MARSHKIELD— Sailed Aug 16-^Stmr AIIN
ance, for San Francisco.
..VENTURA— Arrived.. Aug 1&— Barge Santa
Paula, in tow tug Rescue, and sailed for San
1 "EUREKA— Arrived Aug 16-J-Schr Mary B
Hubs, hence Aug 0.
» TACOMA— Sailed Aug 16— Stmr Mlneola. for
San Francisco, . ¦
CASPAR— Arrived A»c 18— Stmr South
Coast, hance : Aug - 15.
Sailed rAug l^^r Samoa, ¦ for Ban Pedro,
HARDY CREEK— Sailed a u « 16— Btmr Ful
tcn, for San Peuro,
TATO^SH— I'awwsd out Aug 16— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Tacoma, for San Pedro; Nor
stmr Hero, f ronr. Oyster Harbor, for San Fran.
Cisco: chr Alice McDonald, from Tacoma, tor
Han Pedro; bktn Portland, from Tacoma, ¦ for
San Pedro. ¦
Passed In Aug IB — Stmr Queen, hence Aug
14, for ¦ Victoria; stmr Olympic, hence Aug la.
for Fuirhav.n. , "HT*I'>ni1»MHj»fcH|<iimiiM>T.|MM
BAN X'EDltO— -Arrived Au* JJ—Btmr Pa*>a-
DOMESTIC PORTS,
; POINT LOB0S. Aug l«j. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 8 mile* per hour.
Sunday, August 16.
Stmr Santa Resa. Alexander. Ban Diego.
Btmr ("/.BTUia, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Ptmr Oeo/W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Scotia, Ericsson, liowens Landing.
Stmr Whltesboro. Oleen, Greenwood.
Stmr OoaUla, Johnson. Bjhleri Point.
Stmr Prentts*. AhlBtrojn, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Chehalis. Frantzon. Redondo.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow. Port Harford.
Schr keisaio K. Merrlam. San Vicente Land
Ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday, August 16.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. 15 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Chchalle, * rantzon. C2 • hours from
Grays Harbor: bound to Redondo; put In to
land paB»en5«rs.
Stmr WeeiDort, Einith. 45 hours from San
Pedro. - •
Stmr Bonlta, Albertson, 100 hours from Se-
Stmr Whittler, Maedonald, 32 hours from
Ventura: up river direct.
Tug H H Buhne. Hansen. 27 hours from Eu
reka. _ ' -
Schr Newark, RelnerUen. 20 hours from
Mendoclno., ££££££
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The tftwboat H. H. Buhne, which belongs to
Eureka, arrived here yesterday from the Hum
boldt port for her periodical overhauling. She
was twenty.-seven hours coming down. •
Tug H. H. Buhne in Port.
The atmosphere oft the port yesterday was
clearer than It has been for some months and
the marine observers at Point Lobos were able
to make a wide survey of the approaches to
the Golden Gate. The day opened with a thick
fog acroes the harbor entrance, but as the
sun gained ptrength the mists vanished and
by noon the Farallones an'd Point Reyes were
plainly visible. Point Reyes Is about thirty
miles from Point Lobos and the Farallones
some twenty-four miles distant, but when the
Bun set last evening both points were still
plainly visible. : ; -x^
Clear Weather on the Bar.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
R Dollar San Pedro Aug. 17
San Pedro Grays Harbor Aug. IT
Ban Mateo... Tacoma Aug. 17
Del Norte.... Crescent City Aug. 17
Aroer. Maru.. China * Japan Aug. If
State of Cal.. Fan Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 17
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
North Fork... Hnmboldt Aug. 18
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. f Aug. IS
Argo /... E*I River Ports Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt I Aug. 18
Coronado Grays Harbor |Aug. IS
Enterprise Hilo Aug. IS
Coos Hay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ...|Aug. 18
Xaqua San Pedro jAug. U
Mlneola Tacoma Aug. l'J
Eureka.. Humboldt ,. Aug. 20
S.Monica.... Kan Pedro \ Aug. 20
Santa Roia... Kan Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 20
Centralia Grays Harbor ......... Aug. 20
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports iAug. 20
Acapulco New York via Panama|Aug. 20
Corona Humboldt IAug. 21
Point Arena.. Mendcclno _ Pt. ArenajAug. 21
Arcata Coos Bay ft Pt. Orford.l Aug. 22
Rival .••¦• Wjllapa Harbor Aur. 22
Kainler Seattle & Whatcom...|Aug. 22
Uonlta Newport & Way Ports. (Aug. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor JAug. '¦£¦>
J. Dollar..... Seattle 4. Tacoma IAug. 25
G W. Elder. . Portland &. Astoria.... Aug. 2:i
Htlesla g»attle JAug. •-*
Korea. ....... China & Japan ..jAng. L'5
Queen. ....... Puget Sound Ports. ...| Aug. 23
Peru.. New York via PanamaiAug. 20
Tuesday evening the band wil! Rive a
concert at Camp Stone at headquarters.
On Thursday evening it will accompany
an excursion to Caoftola and on Friday
evening there will be a grand display of
fireworks on the beach in honor of the
regiment.
A grand ball will be given at the
Armory to-morrow night in honor of the
enlisted men.
The Sixth Regiment will break camp to
morrow morning, and leave for home on
a special train. The Second Regiment
and the cavalry men are to remain a
week longer in camp.
SANTA CRUZ. Aus. 16.— A Sabbath
stillness pervaded Camp Stone, Camp
Dickinson and Camp Ruhstallcr to-day,
the regular guard mount being the only
military work performed.
At 11 o'clock the church call was
sounded and divine services were held at
Camp Stone at the headquarters of the
Second Regiment. The regimental chap
lain. Rev. C. M. Meil, rector of St Paul's
Episcopal Church of Sacramento, who
has been in camp the entire week, con
ducted the services. The regimental chap
lain of the Sixth Regiment, Rev. H. Han
son of St. James Episcopal Church, is
not in the State and the sruanlsmen of
his regiment Joined the members of the
Second and attended the services.
The Second Regiment band of Sacra
mento cave a concert this eveninjr from
the St. George porch on Pacific avenue.
Members of Sixth Eegiment Will
Leave for Home To-Day, on a
Special Train.
MILITIAMEN ATTEND DIVINE
SERVICES AT CAMP STONE
Movements of Steamers.
MONDAY, AUGUST 17.
Sun rl«-« 5:2B a. m.
Sun seta 7:04 p. m.
Moon rises 0.00 a. m.
O ITImel lTlmei Time Time
£ 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
? ;l wl ih w l w h w
-17 0:24 0.6 7:28 3.9 11:33 2.8 6:10 5.5
'IS 1:23 0.2 8:37 4.2 1:05 2.6 7:14 5.6
19 2:20—0.3 9:32 4.5 2:10 2.7 8:17 5.8
20 3:12—0.6 10:18 4.8 3:07 2.5 9:17 6.0
21 3:5»— 0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 2.110:14 6.0
22 4:42—0.7 11:40 5.4 4:50 1.8 11:00 5.9
23 5:27—0.5 12:17 5:6 5:42 1.5 |
NOTE: — In the above exposUldn of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth .time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights 'given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — >
sign precedes the heights, and then they number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEW YORK — Arrived Au* 15 — Stmr Blu
cher. from Hamburg; stmr Columbia, from
Glasgow and Movllle.
KIN SALE— Passed Aug 16— Stmr Cevlc.
from Liverpool, for New^York^
LIZARD — Passed Aug 16, 4:05 p m — Stmr
Zealand, from New York, for Antwerp-
DOVER- Passed Aug 16— Stmr Frtederlcn
der GroE«e. from Bremen, for Cherbourg and
1RAWLE PQTNT— Passed Aug 10— 3tmr
Rotterdam, from Rotterdam, for Boulogne and
* lTv'KHPOOL— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Arabic,
from New York, via Queenatown.
ST MICHAl'L— Arrivtd Aug lfr— Stmr Cam
brian. fr<>m Bonton. for Naples and Genoa.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 16— Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived Aug 1b— Stmr City
of Bombay, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for
Halifax. N 8, and Philadelphia.
QU EEN STOW N— Sailed Aug 18— Etmr Ira
bria from Liverpool, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived Avg 16 — Stmr Canean,
from Seattle and Tacoma. via Yokohama.
Hongkong. Manila. Singapore and Colombo.
OCEAN STEAMERS
HILO— Sailed Auc 13— Schr Bertie Minor,
for Eureka. Aug 14— Schr H C Wright, lor
Eun Francisco.
dena, frrra Mendoclno. Auk 16 — Stmr'Coos
Bay. -hence Aug 13; whr Falcon, from P"rt
Orford; schr Repeat, from Coos Bay; schr F S
Redfield. from Blaine: stmr Santa Monica,
from Grays Harbor. ,
Sailed Aai 14— Schr Louise, for Urtp<i"a:
stmr Robert Dollar, for San KrancUco/ etmr
Coca Bay, for Ban Frandaco.
ISLAND PORT.
minute* later than at Fort Point: the height
tide is the same at both places.
SCHOONER OTELIA PEDERSON, WHICH WAS ABANDONED BT HER
CAPTAIN AND FELL INTO THE HANDS OF SAVAGES, WHO
BURNED HER FOR THE IRON IN HER HULL.
The derelict Pederson was next sighted
off the coast of Formosa. A Japanese
gunboat was sent after her. The schooner
had beached herself on a desolate part
of the southeast coast of the island. The
commander of the gunboat had the cargo
taken ashore, where it still awaits a
claimant. When the gunboat went away
the savages who inhabit . the island
boarded the wreck and finding much
precious iron and steel lmbeddad in her
frames, set fire to the hull. The wood
was consumed and the metal is now in
commission in the form of weapons of
warfare.
The schooner J. H. Lunsmann, a vessel
much like the Otelia Pederson, built at
the same yard and managed by the same
people, also lost her rudder on the voy
age from the Sound to Hongkong, but in
her case a jury rudder was ilgged and
she reached her destination pafely.
more than 1,000,000 feet of lumber
on board, has been burned by the savage
inhabitants of the Island of Formosa,
who resorted to this method to obtain
from tr.: hull the rich harvest of iron
and sleel wnich entered into its construc
tion. Newb 01" the schooner's fate has just
reached tlii& city in a communication to
the underwriters from the Japanese Gov
einmeLt Six hundred thousand feet of
the vessel's cargo is piled up on the For
mosa beach, and unless the insurance pen.
pie make v» unapt arrangements for so •
curing it tut Japanese Government will
; .ukt poha-j.-s.cm. • As the location of this
balvage is very remote, it is more than
likely- that no effort will be made by the
underwriters to recover It. The loss has
been paid and will be pocketed with as
much philosophy as possible, and all that
will remain of the Otelia Pederson, as far
as the occidental* world Is concerned, wiil
be the memory of her desertion y Cap
tain John C. Hansen.
The Otelia Pederson, bound from the
Sound for Hong-kong with more than l,0OJ,
000 feet of lumber, had her rudder car
ried away in a typhoon. The Pederson
was only about a year old. Her cargo
was made up of massive lengths of pine
intended for ,the construction of a new
drydock at Hongkong. The disabled ves
sel was spoken by the United States gun
boat Princeton, the commander, of which
offered Captain Uansen all the assistance
he might require for the rigging of a Jury
rudder.
The carpenter of the Princeton prepared
plans for a temporary steering apparatus
and from the crew of the gunboat were
selected a number of skilled mechanics to
carry out the design and put the big
schooner in condition to be navigated to
port, but a few hundred miles away. The
Otelia Pederson was in no danger what
ever. She was new and tight and loaded
with lumber as she was, could hardly
sink. She was well manned numerically
and whatever was lacking of mechanical
skill in the Pederson's personnel was
more than made up in the assistance of
fered by the captain of the gunboat. On
the bark Homeward Bound, which ar
rived here recently, a jury rudder was
rigged during a gale off Cape Horn, and
time and again vessels have entered the
Golden Gate steered .with, emergency ap
pliances rigged under difficulties compared
.with which the plight of the Otelia Peder
son was but a slight, inconvenience.
Between the quality of Captain Hansen
of the Otelia Pederson and that of the
average master mariner, however, there
is a wide gulf. Hansen . declined the
Princeton's offer, but accepted the navy
captain's hospitality and leaving his ves
sel to her fate, went, with his crew on
board the gunboat and was carried to
Hongkong. The abandonment of the
Otelia Pederson is probably without par
allel in the history of the sea. When
Captain Hansen returned here he blamed
the Princeton's captain and declared that
his crew had deserted him. At the inves
tigation held in this city, however. Cap
tain Hansen's story was. punctured In
every detail. The testimony ot his offi
cers and men, the written report made
by, the commander of the Princeton and
finally, Hansen's own admission*, all told
the story of his lack of courage and hasty
abandonment of the property intrusted to
hi a care.
THE handsome new four-masted
schooner Otelia Pederson, which
was abandoned last October in
Asiatic waters with a cargo of
SAVAGES BURN ABANDONED SCHOONER
TO SECURE METAL FROM THE HULL
The Otelia Pederson Ends Her Career on the Southeast Shore
of the Island of Formosa— Most of Her Cargo Is Saved, but
the Vessel Has Been Sacrificed to ; Make Native. Weapons
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1903.
7
1 A GREAT "BRYSON." V |
§ Or Queen of the Party. |
1 FREE S With Naj jjjjjj__j}jU___y|
I LADY IN BLACK. I
o I It would be advisable to place orders for THE SUNDAY CALL I |
g fyA at once with your local agent or newsdealer, as they are selling £|£l a
g[ like hot cakes and the supply is limited. *s* , & j* j* & ' g
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL 1
I Price 5 Cents. Price^S Cents. Price 5 Cents. I
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
g I The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: __________ s
% SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & etreet; Gage's art store, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co., 71 g
O Co.. €15 J street; C. N. Davis, book 6treet; Weber'3 art store, 425 East F, street.. 8
« store. £17 K etreet. -Main etreet. FKESNO-Sronce - Dick. S
g PETALUMA— 11. S. Gutermute. J. MAHYSVILLE— G. W. HalL REDDING— W. H. Bersrh, "Bergh J3
S M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston, Q
»^ BAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- eraph a\*enue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houpton Furniture Companjr. Q
X «n _ Sen. Twelfth street. : '<-».-? REDWOOD CITY— W. L. KUne. S
Q STOCKTON-Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnos, 1358 SANTA CRUZ-H. E. Irish. Cooko 8
fttore, 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.^ F. R. Hew, George Hoban. S
Stockton Racket stcre. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co. g
TIVOUSSSSl
TO-NIOHT and all this week,
SATCRDAT MATINEE. •*
In Response to the General Demand.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Will Continue in DeKoven's Great Comio
Opera. „
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
The cast is a special one throughout!
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXT QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham. Ferris Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb. Annie Myers. TIertha Davis. Alme*
Leicester and the entire Tlvoll company.
Magnificent music and many a laugh!
The Grand Opersv season will open on
MONDAY. August 31.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c. T3o
Telephone— Bush 9.
COLUSfJIll A LEADING THEME
Powell Street. Near Market.
Ev«ry Night. Except Sunday.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
henry iviiller <
marcareT^anglim
In Georce Bernard ShaWs
THE DEYILJ. DISCIPLE
Next Play. "THE TAMINQ OF HELEN."
Heeley and Mesly; Eosie Ren del;
John _e Clair; Lew Hawkins; Sid-
ney Wilmer and Company; _Ci33
Wynne Winslow; The Great Kauf-
' mann. Troupe; The Bio graph and
last Week 'of
BLFIB FAY,
"The Craziest Soubrette oa the American
Stage."
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 80c.
Market St., near* Eighth. Thone- South 533.
TO-XIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Great Civil War
Drama,
"CUMBERLAND >61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY!
SPLENDID STAGE EFFECTS!
BRILLIANT CASTt
SPECIAL WELCOME TO THE GRAND
ARMY!
DD1PEC Evenings 10c to SOo
I KlWC J Matinees 10c, 13c. 23c
Aug. 24, Alexander Dumas' Masterpiece,
CAM*** K
IfALilFORNIA
3 b Welcome to the * nation's uon
\J heroes to-night. In honor ot S \
the visiting veterans of the |T
___ Grand Army, the remarkabl« '"
7F% Netll-Morosco -Company will 7 ¦)
present the great war play,
«?/! "Shenandoah." Most brtl-
xry/ llant military spectacle ever AM-r
OS seen on the stage; 200 rcgu- o K
•*>*J lar soldiers In the marvelous **&
battle scene. Prices. 23c. 50c.
75c. Bargain matinee Thurs -
yS"| day. 25c and 60c. Next— ¦¦¦
111 "Mrs. Dane's Defense." tLg
llHEATRU
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TWO WEEKS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company,
In the Delightful Musical Eccentricity.
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday University gf California
night. Ha! Ha! Ha! Cal-t-for-nl-a— U. C—
Berkeley. Zip — Boom— Ah!
PRICES— 25c. 80c. 75c.
ALCAZARS™
• Gen. Mgr.
To-Ni_ht— Grand Army Week
Be!asc« & Mayer's great local production of
the famous rural comedy,
THE DAIRY FARM.
With a great cast. Including comedians Iden-
tified with over 1000 Eastern performance* at
thts quaint play.
IT IS AGLOW JTITH HUMOR
And depicts America" country lire before
the Civil War. I
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW. \
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. & Sat.. 15c to 5Co.
MONDAY. Aug. 31— Special season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
-In "THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH."
i ;; i welcome, c a. r.
You can't be patriotic ur.l.ss you are happy
and If you come and tee
QUOJ/ASSJSS
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS
Tou wiil be delighted.
<f Our "All Star" Cast, Includlns
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINF1ELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
. MAUDE AMBER.
/ ELEANOR JENKINS.
Iftserved Seats — Nights. iCc. 50c and 75a.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c.
Fire Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Insoect •'CABARET DE "LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABT
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. .
A— iATETJ— HIOHT THTJ ESDAT. ,
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c—
Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
* UiaWW «ee the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
Z fid room, the EMPIRE
fl 11U PARLOR, the
g- * PALM ROOM, the
llf^lfin louis xv par.
uiauu LOR^ and the LA .
u . i DIES" WRITING
Hotels R p° M vR. ' H. E.
San Francisco ..0 0100000 0 — 15 2
Tacoma. 00200032 x— 7 11 0
Batteries — Stovall and Zearfoei; St. Vrain
and Byers. Umpire — Colgan.
Spokane players were given a rousing send-off.
Attendance. 5000. Scores:
First game— R. H. B.
Spokane .0 0 10 0 2 0 0 1 — 4 9 0
Helena .....01400210 0 — 8 11 2
Batteries — Leibhardt and Zalusky; Puttmann
and Carisch.
Second game— R. H. B.
Spokane. 0 2 3 1 0 0 4 1 x— II 16 2
Helena ...... ...0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0— 2 6 4
Batteries — Hogg and .Hanson; Thompson and
Carisch. Umpire — Stopper.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 16.— St." Vrain pitch
ed masterly ball to-day. He did not Issue a
pass and permitted but five scattered hits, one
of which waa Marshall's home run. The field
ing of the Tigers was perfect. Stovall was
hit hard In spots and all but one of Tacoma's
runs was earned. Attendance. 2300. Score:
OAKLAND PLAYERS WHO
HELPED WIN THE SERIES
FROM UNCLE'S TEAM.
Rowing Crews Arrive at Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 16.— The crews rep
resenting the rowing clubs of Victoria and
Vancouver. B. C, arrived to-night to take
part in the annual regatta, which com
mences Wednesday. With the attendance
of the warships and elaborate prepara
tions that have been made, together with
Indications of fine* weather,', the regatta
this year gives promise of being the most
successful ever held here.
A telegram was received by the regatta
committee from Rear /Admiral Glass, no
tifying it that the cruisers Concord and
Marblehead will arrive here to-m«rrow
afternoon under command -of Captain
Perkins. • : ',- .
If You Need a Trunk,
Dress-suit case, fiber or canvas telescope
grip, we . can please j you ' in ¦ both quality
and price.- Leather Goods . Department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co.,' 741 Market st. •
Wild Fitch Loses the Game.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 16.— Pitcher Ingalls' wild
pitch in the eleventh inning lost to-day's game
Score:
1 _ R. H. E.
San Jose 4 fl 6
Stockton 3 9 »
Batteries— Steffanl and Kent; Ingalls and
Stanace.
Third race— Mag Nolin, Wreath of
Ivy, Mafalda. . *
Fourth race— Miss . Mae Day, Joe
Lesser, Taby Tosa.
Fi'th race — Tony Lepping, Menace,
Exapo.
Sixth race —'Tickful, Baronet,
False.
Some people regard a clear conscience
as a luxury rather than a necessity. -
Ten Rounds at Oakland.
It took ten Innings to settle the differ
ences in the morning game at Oakland.
The contest . was well played , from, the
start and both teams tried hard to win.
The Natives landed on Dr. Moskiman for
Seattle ...0 2 0 0 1 o 0 0 0 1— 4* " 10* i
Los Angeles.. 0 20000010 0-^ 3 6 2
Batteries— HIckey and Stanley; A. Hllde
brand and H. Hlldebrand. Umpire— Carruthers.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 16.— To-day's game
was perhaps the finest exhibition ' of baseball
ever se*n in this city and the first ten-lnnlng
game played on the local field this season.
Dowllng and Wlggs were in excellent form, the
former having the Elders completely at his
mercy for four innlnjrs. Both teams put up a
snappy article of ball from the start and bril
liant individual plays were numerous. At
tendance. 2400. Score: '¦'¦*'* \ ¦''--¦*
¦ " '•¦ ' ' R H '' E
Salt Lake ....0 00020000 1 — 3* 10* 3
Butte 0010010000/— 2 7 2
Batteries— Wiggs and Shea; Dowllng and
Henry. Umpire — Huston.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 16.— The Indians
were unable to hit Puttmann v this morning
when hits meant runs. Helena bunched their
hits off Letbhardt In the third : Inning. Both
teams played a : loose fielding i game. In the
afternoon game. Spokane batted Thompson all
over the lot. Besides this ' he was given very
poor support. Hogg waa . Invincible - and kept
the hits well scattered. As this was the final
game , of the season ; on the home grounds, the
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 16.— For the first
time In weeks Dugdale waa able to present
his full 'playing strength to-day and HIckey
triumphed over the mighty Hlldebrand after
ten innings of fierce • playing. ' McNicholls
threw the ball into the bleachers in the sec
ond inning, allowing two runs to score, but
after that not the semblance of an error was
made by the locals. , Five double plays were
made three by Seattle. • two- of them being
from the outfield. Attendance. 0500., Score:
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 16.— Tacoma is
no longer a member of the Pacific Na
tional League. The board of directors of
the Tacoma Baseball Company disbanded
the Tigers to-night and notified President
Lucas, who is In San Francisco, that they
had a'nit. "We have not withdrawn for
lack of funds," eaid President Carman.
"We have plenty of money and were pre
pared to carry out our schedule as
agreed upon. The Helena Club, with
which we are scheduled for the coming
week, has quit the league and we have
quit as a plain business proposition. The
idea seems to be to send us on a wild
goose chase around the country looking
for a team to play with. We do not like
the idea."
Tacoma Quits the League.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. P'ct. I W. L. Fct
?""« 64 41 .610 San Fran...58 62 .62«
Los Angr -.05 42 .608 Tacoma ...46 61 AM
Spokane ..60 47 .562 Helena ....39 62 .39-
Seattle ...<57 40 .540 Bait Lake. .13 29 .31C
HICKEY TWIRLS GREAT BALL.
Outpitches Hildebrand in a Fast Ten-
Inning Contest.
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
Tl TT TJ"
Los Angeles . .0 0 4 2 0 3 0 0 x— 0* 111 2
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 3 0 0 0 0—5 11 2
Batteries— Hall. Drinkwater and Hurlburt:
Baker, Cutter and Graham.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. ' 16.— Seattle won a
Close and clever game by scoring the odd run
in the ninth Inning. Butler did It with a bane
on balls and a fumble of Wilson's bunt. With
bases full and one man out. Mohler drove In
the winning run with a liner to center field.
Score:
T> Jjr w
Seattle 1 0 0 0 10 0 1 1 — * 9 2
Portland 0 00002 100 — 3 8 3
Batteries— Hughes and Wilson; Butler and
Shea.
Cutter Relieves Him.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.— Baker. Sacramen
to's new pitcher, was wild, and- was relieved
by Cutter. The game had plenty of fait plays.
The day was hot and the pitchers were hit fre
quently. The features of the game was the
hitting of Hlldebrand. Toman and Hurlburt.
Score:
ANGELS WIN 'FROM SENATORS.
Baker Is Wild and Ineffective and
. Batteries — Dooin, Tannehlll " and O'Connor:
Mullen and Buelow. The game was played
here because of Sunday baseball law in Detroit.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Aug. 16.— Five thousand
persons this afternoon saw Detroit defeat New
York In an uninteresting game, the feature of
which was the batting of Crawford. Tannehlll
was batted out of the box in the second in
ning. Attendance 5000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York ..;..... .8 13 l
Detroit .......V:.... 12 19 5
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 16. — St. Louis defeated
Philadelphia twice to-day, the first game by
a score of 6 to 3, with Powell pitching for
the home team and Bender for the visitors.
The second game was won by a score of 2 to
1 with Sudhoff pitching for St. Louis .and
Waddell for Philadelphia. The second game
was a pitchers' battle and but for an error by
Wallace at short the visiting team would have
been shut out. Attendance 21,400. Score:
First game — R. H. . E.
St. Louis 6 11 1
Philadelphia 3 10 1
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Bender, Pow
ers and Schreck. j
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis '. 2 " 4 1
Philadelphia ...1 5 1
, Batteries — Sudhoff and Kahoe; Waddell and
Schreck.
CHICAGO, Aug. 16.— Chicago won two ex
citing games from Washington to-day. The
first was a shut-out In which not one of the
visitors reached third base. Ths locals won
the second game by bunching hits In the third
Inning. Both teams ttelded perfectly. At
tendance 10.500. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 « 0
Washington 0 0 0
Batteries — Owen and Slattcry; Lee and Klt-
Socond ~ame:
¦ f R. H. E.
Chicago 3 6 0
Washington. .." 1 5 0
I Batteries — Patterson, White and Slattery;
Townsend and Drill.
CHICAGO IS THE VICTOR
' IN TWO EXCITING GAMES
Defeats Washington in Morning by
2 to 0 and Later by
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SARATOGA. Aug. 16.— Good as Satur
day's racing was — aad It was probably
the best day's sport ever seen at Sara
toga—there Is no apparent reason why.
¦with a continuance cf the favorable con
ditions which exist at present, the racing
of the coming Saturday should not be
its equal Izi point cf excellence. The sport
for the week promises unusually well,
and if to-morrow's card can be taken as
a criterion there will be a decided Im
provement in the size of the fields.
The entries for the six races to-morrow
total nlnety-slx, the smallest field being
thirteen in the steeplechase. The track
Is now fast and owners who have been
compelled to keep their horses in the sta
ble owing to the bad going welcome the
opportunity to send them to the post.
The stakes throughout the week are
attractive and the week will wind u]i
with an especially brilliant list. The
Shillalah Steeplechase, the Grand Union
Hotel Stakes for 2-year-olds and the Sara
toga Cup for 3-year-olds and upward at
a mile and six furlongs, are scheduled.
The entries for the Saratoga cup are
practically the same as for the big events
iilr«-ady decided. YVaterboy. winner of the
Saratoga handicap: Irteh Lad. Gallant,
•inner of the Champion; Heno, Savable,
.\fricander, Caughnawaga, Advance
v. uard. McChesney, Hermis and Gun Fire
ire prominent cligibles. From this list
. ..J lesser lights eligible a good field
;-.ould be drawn.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Aug. :<j. — Entri*?:
First race, ecvtn furlongs selling, for mares.
ihwe-year-old* and up — H;suta 1<J3. Irene Lind
j-.-y H-J. Elsie L 1D3, Gloria «», Apnen t> 1U3.
Trinity Bell 103, Paris'* nne !M. Court Mali «*.
Sweet Alice .vj. Ella Snyder JtS, Futurita 102.
tlaviota 1U3, Mabel RKhardeon 10% Virgin
Soil Hi.- May Street S3. Nun !«4, Ice \Yat»r IOX
i-'ecend race. Hunters' steeplechase. hanJi
eaj>. for lour-year-olds «nd us>. the phort
crurse — Ten Candlrs l.": ( . Eophone VS. SalluJt
1T~;. lilg Gun iryj. Arian ISO, AiiJIdaumo 147.
Arrur 145. Caller 127. Draughtsman US; The
Duffer 133; Silver Twii-t 130. Manllian 130.
Third rare, five and a half lurlonKS, p« -lling.
the Kentucky, fillies, two-year-olds — Destiny
U.4. Mildred 1. M 10". Naughty Lady 103. Tej>ee
IMS. Falada !««. Clear th»- Arena 102, Dlvina
ti< n 104, Gananoprup W. The Lady Rohes-ia 104.
M. Th<-<> !W. Inquisitive Oirl !K». Scotch Plume
'.'4. Yo San 1'4, Cyprienne 1C2. Sweet Gretcher
107.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap, all as^es —
CauphneTvajia 122. Yardarm 114. Injunction 114,
Ada Nay 114. Reservation 113. Wyeth IIS, Duke
«>r K.-ndal 112. Iiiecdon 112. Himself 112,
Mackey Dwyer 111. Stamping Ground tQD. Eu
pcr.ia Birch 1C«. Lord Badge 1C4. His Emin
ence K'4. Tribes Hill 1^. Piyne 102. Sir Vuor
hief; 100, Elliott lt<>. Hyland US.
Fifth race, fix furlones. maiden two-year
ojdr — Briury ltti. Blackamoor 112. Rob Roy 11)0,
Itockaway 112, Standard Ki9. Clear the Arena
ICE; Bro klyn 112. Flexion 112. Dutiful 112,
Strike « LIrht 112. Anlrad M:». B'.uifh 112.
Hylas l«t. Knight Errant 112. Fort Plain 112,
li«-r.«er 100, Baegrerly 112.
M::th race, one mile, three-year-olds and up—
Bad News lOo. Kalif 11<>. Fleetful Stf. EupenU
Iflrrh 104. Gold Mcney 104. Agr.es D 114. High
• 'hancellor KKt. Harding 10-1. Dramatist 10.'!.
Gold Ue!l 3«1, Ivenarka 63. Gaviota 1O4. Cana-
Joharie '.C, Yardarm lir>. Counterpoise 100.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Ice Water, Irene Lind
say, Sweet Alice.
Second race — Amur, Adjidaumo,
Eophone.
Third race — T«pee, Divination,
Cyprienne.
Fourth race — Sir Voorhies, Lord
Badge. Reservation.
Fifth race — No selections.
Sixth race — Harding, Dramatist,
Bad News.
B HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 1*;.— Hawthorne entries:
Flm rare, seven furlongs — Oronte 110, Beau
tiful and Best 103. L^ndln 103. Gregor K 1C>.
llarney Burk 1<>3. John L*mon» 103. Sklll:ul
JC3. Serge ]O.'t, Wolfram 100. Lord Melbourne
1<.'«. Tabellarius Iw. Mami=elle &V Vestry 08.
Ill I Ilini race, steeplechase handicap, t-hort
course — Ceylon UZ, Duke of York 15*. Pau
laker 14<>. Indian II 134 Gratia 130, Gra My
Cliree 130. Joe McGee 12"J.
Ttsird /race, one mile. Speculation stakes —
Judge I/imes lib, Telamon llti. Grand Opera
114, Di/k Welles 107, The Giver 106. Schmalbc
l< «. ht .Tammany 10:5. Colonial Oirl 101. G!a«s
lul 1'X*. OrEina KS Postmaster Wright Ufl. Lin
fruUt 1«<, S-"idn<-y C. Love M. Flocarline 08. In
cubator 115, McGee 95. (Orsina aad Glassful
Dunne entry.)
Fourth race, cne and a quarter miles, cell
ing — Cornwall 1W. Th*Ledaean 107. Curate 107.
Tufts 104. Comras* ft>4. Learoyd 104. Wing
Dance Hrj, Dutch Carter 101. C. B. Campbell
]<>1. Little nikin 101, Kunja 93, Lou Woods
•M. Frank Me m.
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Prter Pa'-il 11T, Touchstone 104, Witchcraft 104.
Sweetie 104. Rufk 103. Irifhcwede 103, Blumen
thal 103. fealto 103, Cori].ern>ld 103. Montazel
10<i. Katie Power* 1C0, Chocayotte 100, Laura
Bell UK). Glisten 100.
Sixth race. Fix furlongs — Sharpless 112.
Planudes 112. Golden Wit;b-!» 11X Greenock
112. The Bobby 10». Porr.pey 103, Callant 103.
Handler Cros* 1C9. Schwarzwald 100. Best
Man 1<«. Pea Pirat- ICE'. Mr. Timberlake 100,
Marshali-ea 109, Ar.gea 107. Ida V 107.
, HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Gr*gor K, Oronte,
Beautiful and Best.
Second race^ — Paulaker, Indian. II,
Duke of York-
Third race^ — Dick Welles, Grand
Opera, McGee.
Fourth race — Little Elkin, Tufts,
The Ladean.
Fifth race — Copperfleld, Witch
craft, Sweetie.
Sixth race — Callant, Flanudes,
Golden Wishes.
KINX0CH ENTRIES.
FT. LOUIS, Aug. 10. — Kinloch entries:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Our
Litlle 115. P.yevale 115, Foxy Grandpa 118.
Grief 115, Hogarth 115, The Frisco Line 118.'
Juvenella 115. Alcom R US, Turrando 11K,
Ario UK Any Way 115. Major Carpenter 118,
King's Charm 118, Toupee 115.
Ser-ond race, elx furlongs. Belling — Red Ola
100, L-aclrorton Bell 100. Style 100. Sue's Sister
BSb lath Wo. Ussuka 05, Maghoni ft5. Behoove
HK>, Aylmer Bruce 100. Bctmuda 86. Irene Me
300. Kitty Cut a Dash 304, Rejoice 100. Silver
Fringe 100, Mis«s Gould 100.
Third race, five furlongs, purse — Perl* 98.
Wreath of Ivy 108, Interrogation 103. Jehane
{is. Lady Free Kcight SR. Mag Nolla 108, Ma
fa Ida 103.
Fourth race, one mile, pur** — Miss Mae Day
ICj, Taty Tosa 107, Joe J>?ster 107. Lady
htrathmore OS, Little Scout 103, Elastic 103,
Macy 1UJ, W. B. Gates 1(»7.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, «ell
ing — Axares 02. Blanco fts. Canyon 97. Tony
L»-pjjing 100. Murmur irl. Menace 105. Dr. Hart
103. Alborac J)7, Lynch 9«. Exapo 87. Worth-
Inston 1C3.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, wiling —
V.hitmore 09, Dawsoa 107. Whaleback 104,
Tickful 6*, Irving Mayor 104, Mission 104,
Terra Incognita 1*9. Chandoo 105. Goldone 102.
Haronet 104. Little Lois 102. False 102. Marcos
1C5, Jena 102.
KINLOCH SELECTIONS.
By the Hew Tcrk Telegraph.
First race — Toupee, Major Carpen
ter, Our Lillie.
Second race — Miss Gould, Aimer
Bruce, Kitty Cut a Dash.
Private G. W. Hoadley of Troop A, Cav
alry. National Guard of California, made
for the third time the possible score of bO
with the revolver yesterday at the State
shoot on the Shell Mound Park rifle range.
Sergeants C. A. Becker and F- T. Engle
each made the unusually high score of 48.
The range was 50 yards.
Following are the scores in the riiie
shoot of the troop:
Captain C. Janren 42, Lieutenant F. O.
Wells 42, Lieutenant C. M. Flckert 33, First
Sergeant R. G. Greenlnger 42 Sergeants H B.
Taylor 44. H. A. R. Hansen 43 C. H.' B.
Becker 48. S. L. Cooke 11) F. T Engle 4S,
Corporals T. P. Lehmann 42, C. J. Orton 20,
L. M. McKlnley 23. G. W. Pope 38 W. J.
Huber 42. Trumpeter S C. Wafer 3.1. Privates
R. L. Plamondon 23 J. A. Werner 44. L C.
Hawley 32, H. E. Ward 20. A. W. Albrecht
36. H. G. Gramerding 23, W. S. Hoggins 31.
A. Lag* 35. O. J. McDonald 27. J. R. Mack
lry 32. D. W. McKenzle 44. A. J. Thornagle
4ti. W. V. Lauton .TJ. M. Knause 13. C. Nlcoiai
46. M. C. Bolts 28 W P. Baruth 15. F. Bar
thels 41. N. J. Frater 21. J. A. Stelnman 38,
T. L. McFadden :iO J T. Noursc 31. A. M.
Kant 3«>, G W. HoadU-y 50, F. S. Bemhart
44. H. L. Detrick 44. C. Humbert 9 G W.
McLeod 46. S. S. Botey 40. H. M. Freck 23.
Company F. Fifth Infantry. National Guard,
at 200. 300 and COO yards— Lieutenant H. P.
Johansen 22. 23. 22; First Lieutenant G. C.
Hanson. 20. 22. 19; Sergeant W. Nordlund. 20,
23. 25; Sergeant W. G. Leonard 21 24, 20;
Corporal W. J. Garibaldi. 24. 20. 21; Corporal
C A. Sullivan 23. 19 21; Corporal L A.
Parritt. 23; Prix-ate G. W. Boullett. 13, 9;
Private A. Gluck. 22. 18. 16; Private F. C.
Howe 19. 0. 7; Private C. Coleman. 6. 3. 0;
Private H. Mau. 19. 14; Private C. P. Ella
gardt. 18. 5.
CAVALRYMAN A CRACK SHOT.
Makes the Possible Score of Fifty for
the Third Time.
Stolen . bases — Kruger (2). Gorton. Leahy,
Pabst. Errora — Shay (3),' Irwin, Francks.
Pabst. Smith (2). Delmas. Lynch. Sacrifice
hits — Irwin, Messerly. Murdock. First ¦_ base
on errora — San Francisco 2. Oakland 6. First
base on called balls — Off Iberg 2. oft Graham
8. Left on bases — San Francisco 12., Oakland
8.. Struck out— By Iberg 3. by Graham 2. Hit
by pitcher — Leahy. Double plays — Shay - to
Pabst. Francks to Schwartz. Passed ball —
Oorton. Time of game — 1:50. ¦- Umpire — Mc-
Donald. nBMBVMS&HdSi
The Cripples started in early to wallop
the slow offerings of Ham Iberg. How
well they succeeded is shown by the score.
In all, seven runs and twelve base hits
were piled up, almost enough to win any
ball game. "Ham" received support that
bordered on the real shad line. Shay alone
helped out considerably by his miscues,
making three in all. The rest of the in
fielders each committed one. Lynch let
an easy hit to left field go through him.
The Cripples fielded In grand form not
withstanding their three errors. During
the fifth inning they shut the home team
out, though the latter made three hits
and Dut a man on every bag. Shay
started the business with a hit and Meany
did likewise. Irwin followed the lead with
a bunt to third, which he beat out.
Leahy hit a foul against the stand, but
Gorton ran after it and although he hit
his head an awful bump against the wire
netting he got away with the ball and
started the crowd yelling. Pabst then hit
a liner at Francks. He promptly corraied
it and doubled up Meany at second base,
ending the round.
Graham was there all the time and
after, the first inning had his opponents
well under the spell of his south wing. He
walked few and had an assortment of
curves which seemed to puzzle the Na
tives all the time. The score:
San Francisco — | Oakland —
AB. K. H. P. A. . AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.a... 5 13 4 5|OHara,cf 5 0 110
Meany.rf. 5 111 0;Franks,s 5 1 1 3 B
Irwln.3b 4 0 2 2 OMurdk.rf 4 12 2 0
Leahy.c.. 4 0 13 l!Schrtz,2b 4 113 3
Pabst,lb.* 5 0 1 12 0 Kruger.lf 4 12 5 0*
Krug.cf.. 4 0 0 10 Gorton.c. 4 1 "2 4 0
Lynch.lf . 3 0 0 0 0 Mesrly.lb 3 0 17 1
Delms.2b 2 0 0.1 3 Smith,3b 4 1 1 1 0
Iberg.p... 4 0 0 0 5 Grahm.p 3.1 112
Totals 36 2 8 24 15 Totals 36 . 7 12 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco. ...2000 0000 0— 2
Base hits 2 0 10 3 0 10 1—8
Oakland 0 0 3 13 0 0 0 x— 7
Base hits 0 2 2 2 3 11 1 x— 12
SUMMARY.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
- (Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. P'ct. W. L. P'ct.'
Los Ans ..77 45 .«»•-» Portland ..63 62 .400
Ban Fran.. .71 6(i .559 Seattle ...R3 66 .446
Kac'mento .02 «2 .50ulOakland . .54 79 .409
VICTORY and defeat came to
both the Cripples and the Natives
in yesterday's contest on the dia
mond. A ten-Inning affair in the
morning at Oakland was won by
Uncle's followers. The multitude pulled
for the Cripples at Recreation Park and
they were steadily rolling up runs until
they ultimately cantered away with the
spoils. 7 to 2.
The oast week's series has been any
thing but beneficial to the percentage
column of the home team. Out of six
games San Francisco landed but two —
Wednesday's and Sunday morning's.
Jimmy Whalen steered them to victory
on both occasions. The Natives will have
to enjoy a whole lot of prosperity and
luck during the next two series In order
to get back some of 'the games they lost
during tho week.
In only one inning— the first— did Uncle's
tossers* show any form yesterday after
noon. They opened the game with a dash
and for the time being the hearts of the
Oakland backers were about out. Shay
hit. Meany was safe on Franck's error,
Irwin sacrificed and Leahy was hit by the
pitcher, filling the bags. Pabst hit to cen
ter and Shay arrived. Krug filed to left
and Meany came inr the last man of the
home team to register.
Stolen bases — O'Hr.ra, Shay. Errors —
Francks. Me sfccrly. Whalen, Smith. Three
base hits — Kruit, Lynch, L*ahy. Two-base
hits— Krug, Schwartz '.'. Sacrifice hits — Meany
2. First base on errors — San Francisco it,
Flm base on called balls— Oft Mosklman 3. off
Whalen .1. Left on bases— Oakland 7. San
Francisco 7. Struck out— By Mosklman 3. by
\\nalen 3. Hit. by pitcher— Shay. Double
playe — Moskiman to Smith: Mosklman to Gor
ton to Mesaeily. l'»i. 8 ed ball— Leahy. Time ot
Bame— 1 hour and 50 minutes. Umpire— Mc-
Donald.
SUMMARY.
San Fra-icisco .100000001 2 — (
Base hits 1 10 10 10 0 2 2—8
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0—2
• Base Llts 0 2 0 0 110 12 2—9
several long hits, which helped bring In
most of t the runs. They scored two In the
tenth and shut the Cripples out In their
half, although they managed to score two
hits. The score:
Oakland — " ' 'I San Frnncisco —
AB.R.H.P.A. AB.R.H.P.A.
OHara.cf :t 1 1 5 0 Fhay.'s.. 2 2 0 5 1
Frncks.i,. 5 0 2 1 •»'! Meauy.rf .1112 0
Munlk.rf 5 0 0 0 W Irwm, lib 5 0 0 0 t
SchW2!.2b 4 12 2 2 Leahy.c. 5 0 3 4 1
KruKer.lf 4 0 12 0. Pabst, lb 5 0 1 X •_•
Gorton, c 4 O 1 7 1 1 KrUK. cf. 4 12 5 0
Menrly.lb a 0 0 10 1; Lynch. If 4 0 12 0
Smith. 3b 4 0 2 1 <> Dolms,2b 4 0 0 15
Moskm, p 4 0 0 2 7 Whalen, p 3 0 0 2 3
Totals..3G 2 » 30 13 Totals..35 4 S*20 13
•Messerly out— hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS UY INNINGS.
"I want to see the fight patrons have
everything that is coming to tiiem. The
people elected me and I propose they shall
have their rights. Any complaint that
comes up before us regarding these al
leged methods of the Yosemite Club will
be sifted to the bottom. If the clubs don't
want to run the fights under the pre
scribed rules they will certainly be. denied
any further license. Mr. Boxton is chair
man of the committee, and I know he
will not for an instant countenance any
such dealings in tickets as Is alleged to
have taken place at the last fixht."
Supervisor Frederick Eggers was equal
ly positive in the position he took in the
case in nuestion. He said:
"The club officials must do what is right
or quit. The fight so far as the principals
were concerned was certainly fair and
straight. That part gave entire satisfac
tion. The Supervisors will permit no ac
tions that are not entirely within the
straight ruling of the law. The club offi
cials will find this out when they come up
for further permits. We wani the busi
ness dene straight and if It is trot done
that wav no further permissions for
fights will be granted."
The "gouging process" practiced upon
the public by the agents of the Yosemite
Athletic Club continues the topic of
much unfavorable comment. When the
Yosemite Club officials go to the Super
visors for a permit for another light they
may tind they overreached themselves by
their methods of last Fridays combat,
and that the r>ermit may not be forth
coming. Sunirvisor Charles Boxton.
chairman of the Supervisors' Police Com
mittet, was forcible in his remarks when
speaking of the club's actions. He said:
Coffroth's position In the City Hall
gives him a knowledge in advance as to
the decisions In all cases in the various
departments of the Superior Court of
which he is an official.
As a member of the promoting club
Coffroth shared in the distribution of
$18,702, the club's share of the proceeds.
The manipulation of the tickets meant
big returns to the men who were in a po
sition to control the traffic.
It is a matter of history that the
fighters' share of the receipts was $43,638.
Under his contract with Coffrpth, Jim
Corbett was not paid on this basis. In
stead of receiving twenty-five per cent of
this amount he received twenty-five per
cent of $25,0u0. Thus by "underwriting"
Corbett's share Coffroth made $4,659.50.
He approached Jeffries with the same
proposition as the one made to Corbett,
but the champion would not consider the
matter. '
Besides arranging all the details of the
Jeffrles-Corbett fight, and the manipula
tion of the tickets of admission in such a
manner as to gouge the public, be had
other Irons In the fire.
He found Jim Corbett had a doubt as to
the drawing powers of the contest. He
went to Corbett with the proposition that
he would sign a contract to settle with
him on the basis that the fighters' share
would be 525.0W. If Corbett won he
would receive "5 per cent of $25,000 and if
he lost he wauld receive 25 per cent of that
amount. Coffroth handled the corres
pondence of the ilub and thus had a*de
cided advantage over Corbett, as he knew
the interest the contest had created.
James W. Coffroth, the thrifty secretary
of the Superior Judges and manager of
prizefighters, took time from his duties
in the City Hall to play many parts dur
ing the past two months.
America's Best Thorough
breds Will Compete in
the Classic.
Supervisors Take a Decided
Stand Against Yosem
ite Club.
Mighty McChesney an
Eligible for the Sar
atoga Cup.
Makes an Agreement to
Settle on Basis of
$25,000.
TURF'S KINGSHIP
MAY BE DECIDED
CORBETT LOSES
SHARE OF PURSE
Pasha Pleasant took first honors In the
112-dog open stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday by beating Slsklyou point
less In the deciding course.
Slsklyou was unfortunate in getting a
strong hare in a bye in the sixth round.
He had been running in good form and
was looked upon to do his share in mak
ing the. final an interesting, one. Yellow
tall was .his opponent,, but handicapped
as he was by a fresher dog Siskiyou cap
tured the flag. Despite the .killing three
minute course Siskiyou came back and
met Flora . Belle for the right to contest
for final ¦ honors. i -
Black Coon showed .well 'throughout.
Outfoots Siskiyou for First Honors in
the Big Stake at Ingleside
Park.
PASHA PLEASANT 'WINS
THE DECIDING COURSE
Palo Alto was retired by Silver Heels in
the semi-final round. They first ran an
undecided course. At the second attempt
the Sacramento greyhound tried harder
than the champion and won.
Master Rocket upset the calculations of
the men who play favorites on two occa
sions. He defeated Gambit, a l-to-3 choice,
and followed this up by defeating Pepper
Hill at the same odds. The day's results,
with Judge John Grace Jr.'s official
scores, follow:
Open stake, first rouni— Mickey Free beat
Flaunt. 3-0; Presidio Boy beat Minnie Horgan.
1H-4; Tralee Boy beat Mountain Poet 8-3:
J risky Barbara beat Eagle. 3-2; Pacing Billy
beat Gunpowder. 6-1; America beat Algie Mc-
Donald. 4-1; Game Boy beat Honest John. 4-2;
Athena beat Lady Alice. 5-0; Liberator beat
Glancing Pasha. 18-7; Sacramento Boy beat
Manhattan King. «-.-.; Red Kock beat Sweet
Peas, ie-4; Flying Fox b«at Yankee Boy. 0-7;
Master Rocket a bye. Magic Stuff withdrawn:
Gambit beat Free Born. 12-0; Pepper Hill beat
Hoots. C-O; Ragged Actor beat Progresso 2H-2-
Vandal beat Fair Oaks. 1O-7; Reckless Acrobat
beat Cloverdale. 7-5; Real Article beat Sem
pronius. S-l; Fontenoy a bye lone Hill with
drawn; Palo Alto beat Dorothy M. 6-0: Ro
man Athlete beat Brilliancy 8-0; Don Pedro
beat Clarice. 8-6: Dear Gaston beat Cluster.
ls-i ; Ploughman beat Happy, 12-5; Pocatelll
beat Dartaway. 6-0: Tillie R beat Reno 3-0:
Jack Short beat Trotting Bob 20-5; 'Ruby
Sankey beat Silver Cloud 5-3; Bonnie Pasha
beat Golden Light, 18-5; Money Musk a bye.
Minnie Sankey withdrawn; Silver Heels beat
Haphazard. 0-7.
round— Mickey Free beat-' Presidio
Boy. ,-4: Tralee Boy beat Frlaky.Barbara. 2-0-
Pacing- Blllle beat America. 5-4; Game Boy
beat Athena. 6-2; Sacramento Boy beat Lib
erator. 7-6; Red Rock beat Flying Fox 12-7-
Master Rocket beat Gambit 11-8; Pepper Hill
beat Ragged Actor, 8-4; Reckless Acrobat beat
Vandal. 0-7; Real Article beat Fontenoy 9-7-
Palo Alto beat Roman Athlete G-5- Don Pedro"
beat Dear Gaston. 11-5; Pocatelll beat Plough
man. 10-0: Tlllte R beat Jack Short 6-4- Ruby
Sankey beat Money Musk. 3-0; Silver' Heels
beat Bonnie Pasha. S-6.
Third round — Tralee Boy beat Mickey Free
6-0; Game Boy beat Pacing Billle 8-0- Sac
ramento Boy beat Red Rock, 10-1 ; Master
Rocket beat Pepper Hill, 9-6; Palo Alto beat
Reckless Acrobat. 24-7; Real Article beat Don
Pedro, 12-5; Pocatelll beat Tlllie R 6-3- Silver
Heels beat Ruby Sankey. 7-6.
Fourth round — Game Boy beat Tralee Boy
5-2; Sacramento Boy beat Master Rocket 6-4'
Palo Alto beat -Real Article, 8-2; Silver Heels
a bye. Pocatelll withdrawn.
Fifth round— Sacramento Boy beat beat Gam*
Boy. 2-0; Silver Heels, beat Palo Alto 8-3,
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Sil
ver Heels, 5-3
D. Walsh's greyhound Sacramento Boy
was in his old-time form yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. He won the open
stake cleverly from a strong field. defeat-
Ing Silver Heels In the deciding course.
Pocatelll was withdrawn In the fourth
round to prevent possible injury. It was
his first time out in several months and
his trainer thought he was not up to a
severe trial.
Wins Open Stake at Union Coursing
Park Cleverly, Beating Silver
Heels for First Money. v. % .\
SACRAMENTO BOY SHOWS
HIS OLD-TIME SPEED
Jacoby trophy — George Tammeyer 48, Joe
Kullmann 43, William F. Blasse 41. John
Boiler 37. T. J. Carroll 35. Otto Bremer 34.
L. C. Babin 32. Max Kolander 32. Frank Suter
31, Dr. M. H. Atkins 28.
San Franci.sco Turners" Schuetzen, monthly
medal competition — Fred F. Klatze. 162, 120;
Charles Sagehorn. 125. lrtl; C. Abrahams. ISO,
175; Joseph Straub. lt'G. 200; F. Messerschmidt.
87; C. Nielsen. 1»», MB; J. J. Kuehn. 08. 134;
Aug. Jungblut. 103. 191: Otto Burmeister, 202,
203; Richard Finking. 179, 100; Captain F. At
tlnger. 202. 203.
San Francisco Grutll Verein. monthly medal
shooting, chamoion class — A. Studer. 3D5; A.
von Wyl. 300; Theodore Simmen. 377; George
R. Hauser. 333. First class— T. Hauser. 385;
second class. Ore Imdorf, 307; Ed Suter, 355;
third class. E. Dcfllllps, 353.
Ariam Brehm trophy — Ore Imdorf.
Bullaeye shooting — First. L. Hauser; second.
Theodore Simmen; fourth. G. R. Hauser: fifth.
Ed Suter; sixth. A. von Wyl: seventh, O. Im
dorf; eighth. Al. Gehret: ninth. A. Studer.
W. F. Blasse 9€5. Max Kolander 585. Charles
von Hartwig Sf 0. M. F. Blasse 888, John L.
Utschlg 1047, George Rlschmlller Sr. 1021, Otto
Bremer 1CSI), A. von Wyl 053, F. C. Hagerup
04U, George Ahrens 840. H. Hacke 1300, J. E.
Klein 313. John Horstmann 1335, Frank Suter
1453, C. ZUnmermann 1273, E. Englander 843,
George Tammeyer 1303. T. J. Carroll 1243,
OttD Burmeister 589. Aug. ' Jungblut 1S88." A.
Bertelsen lti»». F. Attlnger 1S15. William Nol
den «H>, A. Rahwyler U15. Joe Kuhllmann 1355.
Dr. M. Atkins 130J*. J. C. Waller 2111. Chris.
Meyer 320, M. Keubold 035. Ben Jacobs 1S47.
John Jone3 S45. A. Strecker 008, H. Scheunert
1625, F. J. Povey 1081. R. Finking 1053,
Phllo Jaeoby 489, Frank Rlede 1127. Al Gehret
41«, F. Bertelsen Jr. (cadet) lt\s, Joseph Straub
tt!S. Fred Levers 217S, C. M. Rousseau 2230.
John Boiler 2t!4!>, Louis Thierbach 2649. William
Ehrenrfort 2.S78.
Pistol annex of California Schuetzen Club —
William F. Blasse. SN. 84; George Tammeyer,
.S3, 75; Joe Kullmann. 84; Martin F. Blasse,
83; John Boiler. 74, 72; Max Kolander. 72;
Frank Suter. 70. 50; John C. Waller, 33. 22;
T. J. Carroll, CO.
The marksmen who assembled at
Schuetzen P/irk yesterday did the best
average shooting seen in a long time at
the bullseye competitions. Any of the
riflemen who scored more than one Inch
from a true center went without reward
for the effort
Captain John E. Klein and Christian
Meyer, two of • the best known sharp
shooters on the coast, made a close race
for bullseye honors in the California
Schuetzen Club. The former made the
excellent score of 313 points. He was
followed by. Meyer with 339.
Frank Berte!sen of the cadet class of
the California Club made the fine center
of 108 points, thus placing himself ahead'
of all competitors.
There was a busy time among the mem
bers of the pistol annex of the same club.
Much interest was centered in the Jacoby
trophy. After a spirited contest it was
won by George Tammeyer with a score
of 4S rings out of a possible 50 in ten
shots. In the monthly medal competi
tion "William F. Blasse was high with 88
rings In 20 shots.
The competition for the Adam Brehm
trophy occupied the time of the San Fran
cisco Grutli Club members. Ore Imdorf
was the lucky winner, making the. best
bullseye. The scores of the different par
ticipants follow:
California . Schuetzen Club monthly
bullseye shooting:
Average Shooting Is High in
the Bullseye Com
petition.
He Scores Forty-Eight
Rings Out of Fifty
With a Pistol.
JACOBY TROPHY
FOR TAMMEYER
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 16.-In an excitlns
game of baseball this afternoon the Santa
Rosa team defeated "the Vallejos by a
score of 4 to 2. Up to the last Inning
the score stood 1 to 0 in favor of the home
team. The teams belong to the California
Centra^ Baseball League.
but was beaten by Flora Belle In the sixth
round in a close course. The stake was
replete with good coursing. Following
are the day's results, with Judge Thomas
Tierney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — May Hempstead
neat Advance Guard. 8-0; Snapper Garrison
beat Old Ironside. 6-4; Ou!da beat Pretty Face.
4-0; Mount Rose beat Idaho Boy. 3-0; Prompto
beat Yellowtall, «-0; Tyrone Prince beat Syl
van. 6-4; Modest Beauty beat Pepper Jack
•f-2; Royal Friend beat Black Flush. 7-0;
>\edgewood beat Luxury. 4-0: Viking beat To
basco Bob. 6-0; Imperious beat Yukon 3-o-
Pasha Pleasant beat Sofala. 10-2; Harlean
Gladys beat Little Mercy. 7-3; Black Coon beat
Special. 8-2; Bonnie Hughie beat Rural Artist
7-5; White Buck beat False Alarm 7-6- Azzin
W beat Odd Eyes 6-0; Little PlungeY beat
Piker. 4-1; Medley beat Articulate. 8-6; Whlta
Hat beat Thetis. 3-0: Doreen beat Siren. 6-4-
Eastlake beat Rockefeller. 5-0: Flora B.-l!e
beat. Sllevenamon. 4-O; Reta 3 beat Bright
Fortune. 5-0; Creswlck beat Rock and Rye
7-0; Slsklyou beat Golden Rule. 0-6; Topsv
Turvey beat Flora Bird. 5-0; Lily Wright beat
King's Pride. 4-0.
Third round— May Hempstead beat Snapper
Garrison. 4-2; Mount Rose beat Ouida S-5-
Prompto beat Tyrone Prince. 4-0; /jodest
Beauty beat Royal Friend. 3-0; Viking beat
Wedgewood. 3-2: Pasha Pleasant beat Impe
rious S-0: Black Coon beat Harlean Gladys.
4-3; Bonnie Hughie beat White Buck 6-1- Ag
gie W beat Little Plunger. 6-2; Medley 'beat
White Hat. 5-0; Doreen beat . Eastlake 5-1-
Flora Belle beat Reta S. 3-1; Slsklyou' beat
Creewick. 4-2; Lily Wright beat Topsy Tur
vy 7-3.
Fourth round— May Hempstead beat Mount
Rose. 7-«: Prompto beat Modest Beauty S-3-
Pasha Pleasant beat Viking. 3-2: Black' Coon
beat Bonnie Hughie. 7-6; Medley beat Aggie W
4-3; Flora Belle beat Doreen. , 3-2; Slsklyou
beat Lily Wright. 40. IU
Fifth round— Prompto beat May Hempstead
5-0: Pasha Pleasant beat Medley. .7-3. Flora.
Belle beat Black Coon. 0-7: Slsklyou a bye
Sixth round — Pasha Pleasant bt-at Promoto.
3-2: Stskiyou beat Flora BeUe. 4-3.
Deciding course — Pasha rieasant beat 3U
klj-ou. S-0
Santa Rosa Ball Team "Wins.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Aug. 16.-Frank Nell
of San Francisco and Tommy Feltz have
been matched for the world's bantam
weight championship, the battle to take
place before tha Metropolitan Athletic
Club Detroit. October 14 This wll! be
the first time Neil has fought In the East.
The battle will be ten rounds.
Frank Neil to Fight Feltz.
Several enthusiastic players are secur
ing subscriptions to bring out two of the
crack Eastern players to compete in the
September tournament at San Rafael The
men who are being sought are Seals.
Wright and Ward, who rank respectively
third and fourth in the United States
Dr. Lovegrove beat R. D. Daggett. C— 1.
&— *; Grant Smith beat Drummond MacGavtn,
b—jt. tf— 2. n— 2; N. Hodgkinson beat Jamej
« t^i 5 ";*' ?-?' , ti -^ ): Dr - Lovegrove beat W.
a Doe, 3—6, 6—1. 7—5: Hodgkinson beat Ray
<.°"£ 1 '. 5 ~~ '" *"" °- °~ <i '- Cornell beat W. a.
MacGavtn. 6—0. 8—2. and C. O. Kuehn. 6—2.
£--; Joseph Dally and A. W. Worthtngton
beat E. P. Bobbins and H. Spring. «— «, »v— o.
?>— ©. t— 2; Daniel Volkmann beat Will Volk
v^Af' J^Cl^~i'- Rlch 5 rd Buckley tied Harry
S — «' „ r! Gardiner beat Dr. Pearce. tt— 2.
»>— ™, 6 — 3. ./T • » ..
Ray Cornell was In excellent form and
won two out of three matches. He beat
C. G. Kuehn and W. S. MacGavln. He
was in turn beaten by N. Hodgklnson
after winning the first set. The matches
resulted as follows:
Some Interesting practice matches were
played on the California Club courts. The
best was a singles between Drummond
MacGavin and Grant Smith. MacGavln
was a trifle wild and most of his hard
drives went either over the base line or
into the net. Smith took three sets
handily. .. ~, V*
Third class, semi-finals — S. Gayness beat
J. R. Lewis. 5—7. 8—6. 6 — 4; F. Adams beat
L. D. Roberts. «— O. 6—1. Final— Gayness beat
Adams, 6 — 2, 6 — t, 6 I.
The fourth class was won last Sunday
by Melville Long 1 . The matches played
yesterday resulted as follows:
First class, final — George Baker beat Ch&rles
Dunlap. ti — 2. « — 2. 6—8. 2 — 6, 6 — 2.
Second class, semi-finals — II. Russell beat
George Janes. 6—3, 6 — i: C. Foley beat N. Am
brose. 6 — |. «— 2. Final— Russell beat Foley.
• — 0. 6 — 2. 6—4. 6 — I.
The* work of Lewis in the third class
was a surprise. He has been Improving
steadily, but made a much better show-
Ing: than was expected '
In the third class Stewart Gayness-won
for the third, time. The class cup now be
longs to him. In the final he beat Fred
Adams three straight sets, 6-2, 6-2. 6-4.
His hardest match in the tournament
was in the semi-finals, in which he had a
narrow escape from defeat. After losing
the first set, 7-5, to J. R. Lewis, he man
aged to get the next two by a narrow
margin, both of them going to deuce. The
score was 5-7. 8-6, 6-4. In the other semi
final match Adams beat L. D. Roberts '6-0,
6-1.
It was an Ideal day for tennis, and
benches for spectators were at a premium.
At least three out of every five spectators
were forced to witness the matches stand
ing.
As wns expected, the final match of the
first class proved the most interesting of
the tournament. It was a long drawn
ou: afialr, going the full five sets. AX«*T
winning the first two sets handily, George
Baker, the ex-University of California
player, lost the next two. He won the
fifth and deciding one quite handily.
Charles Dunlap, his opponent, was out
classed in the first two sets. At their
completion he appeared to be hopelessly
beaten. He took the third one by a nar
row margin. Jn the fourth his play im
proved as much as Baker's fell off.
Dunlap tried hard In the last set. but
Baker put more force into his strokes and
won by his clever drives and accurate
lobbing. The score was 6-2, 6-2, 6-8. 2-<>,
6-2. This is the first time the cup has
been won and must be won three times.
In the second class H. Russell, an ex
champion of Michigan, after an absence
of five years from the courts, had a com
paratively easy time carrying off the
honors. In the final he beat Clarence
Foley, after losing the first set, 9-7. The
score w*as 7-9, 6-2, 6-4, 6-4.
What was expected to prove the most
interesting match of the class was some
what of a failure. George Janes, who was
considered , Russell's most dangerous op
ponent, injured his ankle in a practice
game before the match and Russell dis
posed of him easily. In the other half of
the semi-finals Foley beat Norman Am
brose 6-4, 6-2.
The class singles tennis tournament,
commenced on the Golden Gate Park
courts two weeks aeo, was finished yes
terday. The honors were won by George
Baker, In the first class; H. Russell. In
the second class; Stewart Gayness, In tho
third class, and Melville Long, In the
fourth class.
George Baker Scores Initial
Victory for the Cup in
First Class.
An Ex - Champion of
Michigan Wins on
Park Counts.
TENNIS TOURNEY
IS CONCLUDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDATiADWUST 17, 1903.
"Ham" Iberg Strives in Vain to Confuse Oakland's Heavy Stickers.
Graham Holds Opponents in Check After the Opening Inning.
Whalen Triumphs Over Dr. Moskimah in Ten Rounds of Action
CRIPPLES DISPLAY GREAT SPEED
AND CLEVERLY OUTPOINT UNCLE'S MEN
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE COURTS AND THE BASEBALL DIAMOND
8OAKLAND, Aug. 16— A social excur
sion and picnic will be given at Sunset
Park on August 29 by the members of the
First Unitarian Church. Arrangements
for a special* train have been made with
the Southern Pacific and the number ot
tickets sold will be limited, so that every
one will be sure of a seat.
The train will leave First and Broadway
at 8:30 a. m. and stops will be made at
East Oakland and Twenty-thinl avenue.
The following committees have been ap
pointed to complete arrangements for tha
outing:
Dancing— E. H. Benjamin. "W. H. Gor
rill, Bert Quayle, Percy Hall. F. M. Till
son. Henry H. Mills and Rollins Fitch.
Games and rares— B. C. Cuvelller. J. A.
Bliss. R. E. Elight. D. L. Lyon, Mrs.
Courtier. Mrs. Bennlson, Mrs. Tillson and
Mrs. Anna
Amusements for children— Mrs. J. F.
Willard. Mis3 Ida Fox, Miss "Winifred
Warner, Miss Ethelwyn Mills. S. C. B.
King and S. G. Whittsley.
Transportation— A. H. Elliott. TV. H.
Gorrill. H. L. Piersol and Jesse Dibert.
Announcement— D. L. Lyon, A. A. Den-
Ison and E. Fritsch.
Committees Are Appointed to Care
for the Arrangements on
." C August 29.
UNITARIANS PLAN BIO
EXCURSION TO MOUNTAINS
ALAMEDA. Aug. 16.— Railroad fran
chises, applications and ordinances will
occupy the attention of the City Trustees
at their regular meeting to-morrow night.
It is expected that the City Attorney will
submit two ordinances containing the stip
ulations upon which the Citizens' Commit
tee of Fifty recommended that the South
ern Pacific be offered the two local fran
chises it seeks. One of these, however—
that for the north side of Railroad avenue
—may not be necessary, for the Southern
Pacific management has intimated that
it will file a withdrawal of the application
for a franchise on that road. The com
pany has always operated the Railroad
avenue branch without a franchise and
has concluded that it is as easy to con
tinue to do so as to worry over additional
trouble before the application now on file
is acted upon.
Howard K. James, who refuses to say
who he represents, has been circulating a
petition to have the matter of the fran
chises referred to the people to vote upon.
Some of the City Trustees hold that under
the provisions of the referendum ordi
nance that measure cannot be invoked at
the present time.
Hermann Epplnger Jr. and Robert B.
Mott, who applied for the two local fran
chises, saying that they would pay the
city a bonus of $10.000. for the same after
they had been given the privileges free
of any.incumbrance, have not made any
move lately since the Citizens' Committee
of Fifty investigated the financial stand
ing of Eppinger. It is said that Eppinger
and Mott have had a falling out with the
principals of the American Surface Elec
tric Railway and Supply Company, wElch
corporation owns the patent and rights
of a" third-rail electric system, said to be
a mechanical and safe success. Eppinger
and Mott implied in their statements to
the City Trustees that if they secured the
franchises they would install the third
rail electric system of the American Com
pany. '. . < .
Referendum Petition Is Ready
to Be Filed With the
Municipal Board.
Alameda's City Trustees
Again to Discuss the
Privileges.
WILL CONSIDER
THE FRANCHISES
PIONEER SHIPBUILDER
CALLED TO LAST REST
Alexander Hay, Senior Member and Last Sur
vivor of ttie Firm of Hay & Wright,
Passes Away After a Short* Illness
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— Boys playing in a
new apartment' house" at 1372 Franklin
street set fire to the place. ¦< Dr. W. O.
Buckland, residing next door, saved tne
partly completed dwelling by prompt work
with a garden hose. HSBSiS&flBMf
Physician Turns Fireman.
OAKLAND.,, Aug. 16.— Elmer Tobey, a
cigar' dealer, residing at 2554 Shattuck
avenue, Berkeley, \was thrown out of his
buggy at 8!30 o'clock to-night through a
collision with a San Pablo-avenue elec
tric i car at Thirty-first street , and San
Pablo avenue and badly injured. Tobey
was removed to the Receiving Hospital.
He sustained a ', fracture of the frontal
bone, had a splinter driven, into his head
and was cut* and bruised on the head.
The < hospital surgeons say the injuries
will not prove fataL '
Hurt in a Collision.
Mrs. Anna R. Dictz, residing at . 128
Twenty-eighth street. San . Francisco,
called at the infirmary yesterday and to
day. She said he had formerly^ lived at
her house. According to her story Rhodes
was a widower and a native of Ohio. He
had no relatives in this . State. An au
topsy'will be held to-morrow.. The date
for the inquest has not been set.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Irwin C. Rhodes,
67 years of age, formerly a commercial
traveler, died to-day at the County In
firmary under circumstances which .in
duced the hospital officers to turn the
case over to Coroner Mehrmann.
Late j Friday night Rhodes was taken
to the infirmary from a cabin on the
Thornhill road, back : of Piedmont, where
he had been living In indigent circum
stances. The patient was suffering from
severe hemorrhages of the stomach and
poisoning was suspected. As reported to
the Coroner, Rhodes, told a friend that
he had taken noison. ¦ |t
TELLS FRIEND THAT HE
HAD TAKEN POISON
There was nothing- to Identify the body,
except a receipt found In the pocket that
showed that F. Morrlssey had worked
for Erickson & Petterson of Sacramento
In July. 1902.
The dead ' man was about 60 years of
age and had evidently been working with
different contracting firms. » ..
OAKLAND, Augr. 16.— The body of an
old man was found beside the Alameda
local track this morningr by the tower -man
at the foot of Harrison street. It is sup
posed to be that of F. Mormsey. He
had apparently been thrown from . the
Alameda local train and had suffered a
fracture of the skull that resulted in his
death. '.
Aged Laborer Thrown From Train
Sufters a Fracture of Bones
of Head.
REPORTS IN FAVOR
OF BOYS* RETREAT
J. C. Astredo, Who Investigated the
Institution, Says Mummert
Deserves Great Credit
OAKLAND, Aug. 16.— J. C. Astredto,
who was appointed by the committee rep
resenting the Associated Charities and
the "Boys' Retreat." to investigate the
¦Retreat" *and its management, has filed
•he following report with the committee:
To tfc* Committee Appointf-d by the As*o
iated Charities Oakland. Cal.— Acting under
¦ .jur ir»ftructlon» of Jun<» 11. l»0O. to "Inves
'. :if*te Mr. Mummfrt's work and character."- I
-.-cured « list of references from Mr. Mura
:utCl another from the Associated Charities.
.. third from the members of your committee.
.aid to thf»* have been added euch names sug
.¦ipstini? themselves to me.
All these persons I have seen or heard from.
; have visited the Retreat a number of time*
:.r:f1 have had many talk* with Mr. Mummert.
I have {rone over th«> accounta of the Retreat,
i have investigated all charges brought against
Mr Mummerfe character.
1 find that Mr. Mnmmert'i work for the
•.;<;>•!> at the Retreat in helpful to the boys,
;hfc carpenter work, gymnasium and games
•ceeping them from the istreet and its tempta
tion* - -
I find Mr. Mummert conscientious In his
work and deserving much credit for the. gym
. : ::.-atui- constructed, for the selection of
reading matter and for the condition. regard-
Ing cleanliness of the Retreat.
I find Mr. Mummert conscientious In his
vork and find nothing against his moral char
actrr. Very respectful. £ AgTREDO
The committee is composed of B. H.
Pendleton. M. J. Keller and Katherine
Felton representing the Associated Char
ities, and Benjamin Fay Mills and Frank
Mott, representing the Boys' Retreat.
Young Men Will Entertain.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 16.— California Council
C f the Young Men's Institute will hold an
' ntertainment and banquet in Lafayette
Hall Tuesday night. President Frank N.
bodd and the officers of the council have
arranged a first-class programme and
many invitations have been sent out to
the members of the councils of Oakland
and elsewhere to attend the event.
The new L<?eb physiological laboratory,
which has just been completed, will be
dedicated to the uses of the University of
California next Thursday afternoon,
August 20. the ceremonies for this occa
sion having been arranged. The dedicatory
address will be delivered by Professor
Wilhelm Ostwald of the University of
Leipzig who is accounted the world's
greatest chemist. Ifvwas altogether
through the interest of Professor Jacques
.Loeb, for whom the laboratory was built,
and Professor* F. G. Cottrell, both former
personal friends and former pupils of Dr.
Ostwald, that the distinguished German
was prevailed upon to come to America
and his visit will be made for the special
purpose of making this dedicatory ad
dress.
In addition to Dr. Oetwald's address,
there will be speaking by President
Wheeler and Professor Loeb.
The ceremonies will begin at 2:40 o'clock
with a procession that- will form In front
of the library building under the direc
tion of Professor Frank Soule. It will
consist of graduate assistants, instruct
ors, professors, .alumni officers, regents
and newspaper representativel. In the
order named. These will move in double
flic to Harmon Gymnasium, where. the ex
ercises will be held.
The - Loeb laboratory is the gift of
Rvdolph Spreckels, by whom it was par
tially equipped. . Dr. M. Herzstein also
furnished equipment, the library was
given ' by " Mrs. William H. Crocker and
an anonomous friend of the university
provided the salary of the chair, of
physiology for two years.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Aug. 16. •
The active pallbearers, all of whom were
old .employees of. the >flrm of Ames &
Harris, were: Joseph McDevitt, Mark Col
lins, F. L. Williamson. E. P. Duffy, J. A.
Scriven and Charles Miller.
The honorary pallbearers were: Fred M.
Campbell and J. C. C. Bruns from Oak
land Lodge, F. and A. M.; J. M. Garoutte
and W. T. Galway from the Society of
California Pioneers.' Judge Charles N.
Fox. John Edgar, , E. C. Chapman and H.
S. Weaver.
At the conclusion of the family service
the remains were remr'M to the chapel
of the Oakland Crematory, where the fu
neral rites of the Masonic fraternity were
exemplified by the officers and members
of Oakland lodge. The remains were then
incinerated^;'?, v-.. : :
The funeral of Jpsiah P. Ames, who di«<l
suddenly on his farm near Martinez last
Friday, was held from the lute residence,
1132 Adeline street, at 2:3'J this afternoon.
The services at the residence were con
rtucted by Rev. E. R. Dille, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, and special music
was furnished, by the Masonic quartet.
The coffin was covered with a beautiful
pall of violets and maidenhair ferns, sent
by members of the family.
Delegations from Oakland Lo'dge No.
1S8, F. and A. M., and the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers attended the funeral, and
two members of each organisation were
appointed honorary pallbearars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Aug. It!.
Dr. Wilhelm Ostwald
Will Dedicate Loeb
Laboratory.
Last Respects Paid to
the Memory of Well
Known Pioneer.
BERKELEY, Aug. 16.— Trinity Sun
day-school Chapel, born and
reared within a week, was dedi
cated to the cause of religion to
day with appropriate exercises,
in the presence of such an audience as
threatened to burst out the sides of the
little building. The dedicatory sermon
was preached by the Right Rev. John W.
Hamilton, resident Bishop for the Metho
dist churches of California. With his us
ual eloquence Bishop Hamilton stirred his
auditors to enthusiasm and before the day
was over $1585 had been subscribed toward
paying off the indebtedness on the chapel,
besides that for an organ, chairs and li
brary.
The chapel was unheard of, unthought
of, a week ago. Then Ernest F. Barry
presented a petition to the Rev. C. K.
Jenness, pastor of Trinity Methodist
Church, In which the residents In the
neighborhood of College avenue and Rus
sell street agreed to send their fifty chil
dren to Sunday-school if a chapel was
built. That was enough for Mr. Jenness,
and on Monday he purchased a .lot at Col
lege avenue and Russell street for $3000
and made arrangements to buy a ready
made chapel for $500.
It seems there is a firm in Oakland {hat
builds portable; houses. It cuts them qut
in much the same way that dresses are
cut out, according to pattern, and in a
little while a house grows up, fitted with
doors and windows and hinges and all. If
the owners get tired of the site at ariy
time they can fold It up and cart it away
to some other place.
Such a structure was used in this case,
and now Trinity Chapel stands where a
few days ago there was nothing. It is a
little redwood building, 16 feet wide and
40 feet Ions and seats 100 people. It stands
on a lot 120x120 feet, a portion of which
the church people propose to sell.
At the morning sen-ice at the Trinity
Methodist Church J1591 was pledged by
the congregation to pay for the thirty
foot lot that the church has Just pur
chased on Fulton street, adjoining the
parsonage. With this addition the church
now has a lot 130x130 feet, upon which it
proposes to soon build. a $50,000 church.
0 , H . 9
FOUND ON THE TRACK
WITH SKULL CRUSHED
PASTOR OF TRINITY METH
ODIST CHURCH AND CHAPEL
DEDICATED YESTERDAY.
All of the information thus collected has
been carefully compiled and prepared for
public consideration. And it is the result
of all of this effort that is embodied in the
message and other documents now ready
for submission to the City Council.
Through all of the preliminary work since
the citizens" committee report was pub
lished the Mayor has closely guarded the
facts obtained, in order that no undue ad
vantage might be taken of the effort to
gain an Impartial knowledge of the ex
act conditions touching the best interests
of the city with relation to a municipal
water supply.
"That under existing conditions the city
of Oakland should own and distribute the
water supply to its citizens."
The committee also reviewed existing
conditions touching available sources of
supply and recommended the establish
ment of pumping stations In the Niles
cone or gravel beds contiguous to Ala
meda Creek, with pipe lines and all other
equipment necessary for supplying the
city from (that* source.
Since the report was presented two
members of the committee have become
members of the Official governing bodies
of the city. Mr. Olney was elected Mayor
and John L. Howard was choseri to be a
City Councilman. In their official capac
ity both have continued the work of in
quiry and Investigation. To gain further
light on the vast subject. Mayor Olney
and Councilman Howard recently em
ployed Expert Engineer . Fitzgerald to
make an independent examination of
available sources of water supply, in
cluding the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's properties, and to submit a report.
Other investigation along independent
lines has been in progress since January.
Mayor Warren Olney has completed his
message to the City Council, covering in
most exhaustive manner the subject of a
proposed municipal w'ater supply for the
city of Oakland. The document, together
with a voluminous report on the subject
from Desmond Fitzgerald, the eminent
hydraulic engineer of Boston, and other
data will be presented at the regular
meeting of the City Council to-morrow
evening.
These reports and documents cover a
record of long and laborious investigation
of the subject of a municipal water sup
ply. They are the result of the work of
the citizens' committee of five reor
ganized a year ago by popular appeal
after former Mayor Anson Barstow had
dissolved the committee he named. The
quintet, composed of R. H. Chamberlain,
Sol Kahn, John L. Howard and Warren
Olney, submitted its report in January.
The money, 14300, required to pay the ex
penses of the expert engineering work re
quired by tne committee in securing data,
was raised by popular subscription.
In its report the committee unanimous
ly recommended:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'•• 1118 Broadway, Aug. 16.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 16.
Men of prominence in the commercial,
the political and the proCession&l world
asFeinbled this afternoon at the residence
at the late WillJam D. English, 12& Tenth
treet, to attest their esteem sad regard
. r one who had occupied a high place
.: the political history af the State and
D the hearts of thousands of persons
a- ho knew him well.
The parlors were crowded and many
that attended the services were compelled
:o stand in the gardens and the entrance
\.ays of the residence.
Mar.y beautiful flowers were laid about
the bier, tokens of sympathetic respect
from friends, emblems of love frou mem
bers cf the family and from other rela
tives.
Simplicity was observed In the funeral
service It had been intended that the
Very Rev. Father Prendergast, vicar of
the archdiocese of Ban Francisco, should
<;£3ciate. but that clergyman could not
be present. Instead, the Rev. Michael
Kir.g, the veneratJe pastor of tne Church
of the Immaculate Conception, conducted
tee services. They consisted of the re
ligious rites appropriate to the occasion.
.There was no music
After the service the coffin was borne
to the hearse by six foremen of the Con
:ra Costa Water Company, of which Mr.
Kng-lish had been vice president and gen
• ral manager. The employes were Ed
ward McKinney. William Broderick. Wil
liam Johnson. J. J. Casey. S. Bartholo
mew and B. Byers.
The honorary pallbearers, selected from
• mong the intimate friends of Mr. Eng
,!sh. were Sylvian Weill, S. D. Barstow.
'".. \V. Kline. Ryland Wallace, Rudolph
licrold. William J. Dlngee, Robert Mc
.::'.:ir£.n t Rear Admiral Louis Kempn*.
•Jarret W. McEnerney and Frank J.
Uoffett.
The 'ntennent was in the family plat
<u Mountain View Cemetery.
MASONS HONOR
JOSIAH P. AMES
The Church of the Good Shepherd was
founded on August 14, 1S78. and has had
a long career in Christian work. The
church- building was consecrated on the
day it was built and it has never been
in debt. It is a mission church and its
management is directed by a council,
consisting of A. L. Harrison, Frederick
Heard, Dr. A. F. Gillihan and E. F. Pas
coe.
#.M»In^H..i..i..H"H"l"Iini.Il..H..i.0
BERKELEY, Aug. 16.— The Church of
the Good Shepherd, which has stood for
twenty-flve years at the corner of Ninth
and Bristol streets in West Berkeley,
celebrated its silver anniversary this
morning. The services were not elab
orate, consisting simply of singing by
an augmented choir, led by A. L. Har
rison. The sermen was preached by the
Rev. C. J. Marshall. The Right Rev.
William Ford Nichols was to have been
present, but he was detained at the last
minute.
church of good shepherd
celebrates: anniversary
Little West Berkeley Mission Passes
Twenty-Fifth Milestone in Its
Career.
Mayor Will Submit Doc
uments to Council
To-Night.
Throng of Friends Gath
ers at William D.
English's Bier.
GREAT CHEMIST
IS COMMING WEST
unexpectedly at his home, 1530
Railroad avenue, at 10:15 o'clock this
morning, after an illness of less than
eighteen hours. An autopsy showed the
cause of death to have been stricture of
the bowels.
Hay was one of the pioneer and best
known builders of wooden vessels on the
Pacific Coast*. Born in Nova Scotia sixty
eight years ago of rugged stock, he came
to California in 1S58 and for a time fol
lowed his trade as a shipwright in San
Francisco, later going to British Colum
bia, where for ten years he followed the
fortunes of a miner. He then returned to
San Francisco and established shipbuild
ing yards at the foot of Sixth street,
where many of the famous vessels of the
Pacific Coast, notably the Handy type of
steam schooners, were constructed. In
1890 Hay formed a partnership with the
late Ellsha B. Wright, who died here six
teen months ago. and moved the plant in
San Francisco to Alameda Point. There
the firm built a large fleet of vessels of
various classes, Including barks, barken
tlnes. steamers, schooners, dredgers and
smaller craft. The oil-carrying barken
tlne Fullerton. launched from the yards
at Alameda Point about fifteen months
ago. was the largest vessel constructed
under the supervision of Hay. ;,
Hay was a warm personal friend of the
late Irving M. Scott, the two having been
roommates and workmen together when
Hay first came to this State. Hay was a
past maeter in the art of constructing
ALAMEDA, Aug. 16. — Alexander
Hay, senior member and the last
survivor of the shipbuilding firm
of Hay & Wright, passed away
wooden ships, having learned the trade
when he was a lad in Nova Scotia. It is
said of him that he would not retain a
man in his employ who would put into
a vessel an unsound piece of timber, or
who evinced a tendency to be careless in
his work. For this reason all of the ves
sels turned out under the supervision of
Hay were generally considered to be as
good as first-class material and workman
ship could make them. Hay was a man
of large stature, retiring disposition and
kindly manner. He never took an active
interest in political affairs, although he
had been requested several times to al
low his name to be used as a candidate
for City Trustee. He was a member of a
Masonic lodge in Nova Scotia, but had
never affiliated with any fraternity here.
When Hay left his office at the Alameda
Point shipyards last evening he was feel
ing as well as usual, but before he
boarded a car near the Webster-street
bridge he was taken • with violent palna.
which increased upon his arrival home.
A doctor was summoned, but all attempts
to aid the sufferer failed and- he died in
great agony. Hay was a widower, his
wife having died in 1S92. He Is survived
by a son, Warren B. Hay, and a daugh
ter. 12 years old. Florence Hay. Opera
tions at the shipyard will be suspended
for one week. Arrangements for the fu
neral have not yet been completed. .
MANY MOURNERS
ATTEND FUNERAL
¦ r - . - ¦
SENIOR MEMBER AND I>AST PARTNER OF THE SHIPBUILDING FIRM
OF HAY & WRIGHT. WHO PASSED AWAY UNEXPECTEDLY AT HIS
ALAMEDA HOME YESTERDAY.
WATER SUPPLY
REPORT READY
. But at this juncture Mrs. Julia Z.
Hayes, a daughter of Mrs. Hughes, made
her appearance, and she has determined
to make a fight for her mother's prop
erty. Mrs. Hayes claims that her mother
deeded ,all of her property: to her, as her
only heir, many months ago; that the
deeds were made out 'and • delivered
through J. S. Meyers, a real estate ngeul
of Oakland, and she has retained At
torney. J. J. McDonald to protect her.in
terests. .Mr. McDonald will to-morrow
bring suit to recover for Mre. Hayes all
of the property of Mrs. Hughes^Barnes.
There has also been some talk of try
ing to secure a guardian for Mrs. Hughes-
Barnes, but it is probable that tho daugh
ter will rely upon the civil suit to recover
the property.
The property in question is worth some
$25,000, and it is claimed by Mrs. Hayes
that her mother secured the J1000 neces
sary to bail Barnes out of jail by mort
gaging the real estate.
The Hughes-Barnes litigation has be
come one of the important cases that
have fallen into the criminal courts of
the county. William E. Barnes was a
drummer and he boarded with Mrs. Anna
Hughes, a widow, who lived on the cor
ner of Twelfth and Jefferson streets.
Barnes was of an ardent disposition, and
Mrs. Hughes reciprocated. But Barnes
cooled in his affections and it was charged
that he finally "lifted" a watch and some
property owned by Mrs. Hughes and pro
ceeded to "blow" the proceeds in 'a lively
time in San Francisco. Mrs. Hughes ha<t
him arrested for grand larceny, but when
she called upon him in the County Jail
she relented. On Friday last she put op
$1000 bail for him, and then proceeded to
marry the : man whom she had had ar
rested. The marriage will prevent \ur
from testifying against her husband, and
the authorities of the county saw nothing
to -do when the case came up for triai
but to dismiss -it.
William E. Barnes has secured his re
lease from jail by marrying Mrs. Anna
Hughes, but. he has riot secured posses
sion of Mrs. Hughes' property by that
act. Mrs. Hughes' daughter, Mrs. Julia
'/•. Hayes, has retained attorneys to pro
tect her interests, and there will be a
suit filed to-morrow to secure possession
of all of Mrs. Hughes-Barnes' property by
Mrs. Hayes on the ground that it was all
deeded to her before the marriage witn
Barnes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 16.
Daughter of the Bride Sues
for All Her Mother's
Mrs. A. Hughes Makes
Husband of Man That
Robbed Her.
MARRIES BARNES
AND JAIL OPENS
TBE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST ¦ 17.-.. 1003.
BERKLEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
NEWS OF ALAMEDATHE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Crowd That Almost Threatens Frail Walls of Structure Gathers in
New Trinity Sunday School Room and Hears Jubilant Serv
ices, the Right Rev. John W: Hamilton Delivering Sermon
CHAPEL THAT GREW WITHIN A WEEK
FINALLY DEDICATED TO HOLY USE
9
New Novels of This
Money-Mad World
THE world is money mad That statement looks absolutely start-
ling in cold type, but when r you realize that it is a sentiment em-
anatinjr from the foremost political and financial economists of the
world it is time to beein to sit uP and take notice. If you doubt its
truth just take a casual glance at the popular literature of the hour.
You will invariably find that the theme is wealth, and more wealth, and
yet again more wealth — wealth in the spending even as much as wealth
in the making. Not the fairy tale lore of wealth of bygone aees. but
modern wealth that has to do w«tl» empire building, the destiny of na-
tions, the struggle for commercial dominance and aristocratic social su-
premacy of the men and women of the hour. vea. almost of the very
minute, so vast and so rapid is the rise and fall of the bureauocracv of
wealth. No more the tales of buried treasure of picturesque pirates or
lost min,es and enchanted palaces stored with riches, but the gold that
glitters before our very eyes — rich, yellow gold that we watch in the
making — gold that is accumulated while you wait by men we all know,
and spent with greater ease and facility by women who are better
known.
Of such a dozen books that everybody is reading right now might
be mentioned at random. To begin with there is "The Spenders."
which is concluded in the Sunday Call to-day, and which not only shows
the excitement of modern money making, but the more subtle art of
spending it. -Then there is "The Octopus." Frank Norris* famous tale ,
of the building of vast wealth, and* his later book. "The Pit." which tells
of the awful struggle to corner that same vast wealth. Then there are
"The Autocrat." "The Thirteenth District," "Tainted Gold." "The Mis-
sissippi Bubble," etc.. etc. Indeed the list might be swelled indefinitely.
But of all these novels none are quite like unto that verv latest
creation, "Brewster's Millions." In point of fact "Brewster's Millions"
is absolutely unlike anything that has ever been written before, for in it
a perfectly adorable young fellow has 1 to spend a million a vear. get his
money's worth and yet have absolutely nothing to show for it at the
i d of that time in order that he may inherit six million more. Sounds
fascinating, doesn't it? Well, it is more than that. j*JH
Now you may think it is the easiest thing in the world to soend a
million. Never tried it. of course^ But wait until you have read
"Brewster's Millions." which begins in the next Sunday Call, and you
will see what a stupendous task it is to spend a million a vear — actually
spend it — not dissipate it or give it away or lose it in false speculation,
but get your money's worth as you would if you had only a hundred in-
stead of a cool million.
But the popular craze of literature of the bright, snaoov. uo-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stories of. the best sort. And what better
reading could you get? A eood short story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is iust such excellent Tending as this that is pro-
vided ifi the Sunday Call's new "Half Hour Storiettes." of which, next
Sunday, you will get two full pages. Here are some of the titles:
"Mysterious Leofric." "In the F1 a «h of Strined Death." "The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole." "The Beautiful Miss Marrnm." "Fables for
the Foolish," "Shorty. Mahan's Passing." "Love's Golden Tether."
"While the Train> Waited." "Wh't Tmy Peter Did." etc.. etc. Best of
all there is a new short story by A. Cnnan Doyle. "The Shadow Be-
fore"; "Millions in His Dreams." by MarV Twain: "Me-ows of .-» Kitty."
by KattfThyson Marr: "The Oracle of Mulberry Center." by S. E. Kiser.
etc. etc.
And besides all this there is the regular Sunday Magazine section,
giving you the very latest in everything that is going on in the world
to-day. The Sunday Call can't be beat.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1903.
10
HORSES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND carriages cheap; 6-seated sur-
rey, ladles' Victoria phaeton, high ladies'
tandem cart and coupe rockaway. O'ERIEN
_ SONS, cor. Golden Gate ave and Polk st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must bs rold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
».GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
3 SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts in-
cluded. tor $125 each. 15O4 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2.1-Iiand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon. Hsht camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 5-I2 Mission gt.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; «en<i for c!r-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Po-t st.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 8 rooms: very
sunny: fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON A BURKE. 30 Montgomery >u
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED^ An elegantly furnished house In
Western Addition for family of threa; no
children; references given; willing to pay
first-class rent. Address R. S. D.. box 43.
San Rafael.
LOST AND FOUND.
LO3T— Leather pocketbook containing two
steamer tickets, unlndorsed draft on L. S.
Treasury In favor of H. L. Ford, and 20-
dollar bill; think they were left at telegraph
office on Market st. Finder please return
them to 579 O'Farrell st. addressed to H. I_
FORD.
LOST— Pocketbook containing currency, draft,
notes and railroad tickets; will give $25 re-
ward for book, notes and draft. Leave book
and notice at Call office. James Buchanan.
LOST — Wednesday evening black cocker span-
iel dog: new collar; license No. 1947. Re-
ward of $5 and no questions asked by re-
turning to CLACK'S. Market and Gougn.
LOST— A pass book with the HibernU Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LOUIS COTTON. No. 274-1413. Th«
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— In Mission, white Spit* dog. named
Dewey. Return 3825 Army at.; liberal re-
ward^ ' .
STRAYED from premises. 2583 Folsom St.. on»
buckskin horse Indian pony. Return to above
address; reward. *
LOST— Hand purse containing money. 3 keys.
charm, handkerchief; reward. 426 O'Farrell.
LOST— Diamond shlrtstud. valued as keepsake.
Return to office Royal House; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and slhrer tn makt> new watch ca»e.
Z.O7TS TO LBT.
LOFT to lease — 666 Mission St.. N~ corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator senrice; will leas*
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 213-220 Montgomery si.
Mills building.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jonas.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advlcj free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 3th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Dts Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female comp. :23 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2993 Folsom st.. cor.
26tb; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 31» Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
? GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us la that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't car? to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS:. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOK LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no .painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to r.ocn.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ul*r Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third st.. Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps*
wood and iron working machinery, bought.
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13O-132 Beale.
/OR sale — 2 carloads No. 1 Jerseys. Holstatnsi
and Durham cows; fresh and springers: at \
bargain. Mission road, near Five-Mile House.
GOOD Durham cow with rich mil* for sal«
very cheap. Apply 3017 Tweaty-stxth st..
near Church.
CHEAP; nearly new Jewel gas range and
small coal stove. 7 Ewer place, off Majoa
st.. bet. Sacramento and Clay.
Al FRESH family cow. Just from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTERGUT. Mission road. nr.
Seven-Mile House and county line.
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand; all sizes. E. B. BECK & CO. 123
Market st.
LADY'S ticket for slim brunette, medium
helgnt. to St. Louis; $23. Box 3381. Call.
AT a great sacrifice, bracelet containing 43
large diamonds. Box 3363. Call office.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bui lard A Breck. 131 Post at.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EIT-
OENE RILEY - SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;eamp stools, and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 MX!.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. IIP Monty'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jessie 2S31.
__¦ MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by- dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store ' S43
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up- quick.
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery st. r. T.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission.. E. W LICK 1003 Mutual
Sav. BX. bid.. 703 Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
The TOUSLET CO 113 Ph°?an bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONET loaned to salaried employes. O W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
Oi }*LS? r eent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room IS.
3% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no remoT-1:
Y. TREMAIN. room 81. JJ-Eddy st. floor 4.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC! EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. - -_--
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff st.
SPECIALS— SHIP TO-DAY.
3 plledriver men. long Job. see boss here.
PRIVATE R. R.— NORTH— Company Work.
10 laborers. $2; 10 trackmen. $2 50 day; 10
splkers and Iron men. $2 50 day. Half fare.
FREE FARE— ITALIANS— NORTH.
Sawmill company's R. R. in woods.
20 Italian laborers. Humboldt Co.. $35 fd.
NEW HOTEL— NORTH.
Head waiter. $50 and found; 5 waiters, $30
and found — It's a new hotel.
PRIVATE R. R. NEAR CITY— FEE $1.
10 laborers, you'll suit. $2 25 day and over-
time.
NEW WORK— NORTH— FEE $1— NO DIS-
COUNT.
10 laborers. $2 23; 10 drillers. $2 50 day.
BIG TUNNELS— ALL OVER.
10 tunnelmen. $S2 60; 10 muckers, $67 SO; 8
hour shifts; near city.
Free Fare — Near city — 6 tunnelmen. $75; 6
muckers $60; good. long Job.
CASPAR— FREE FARE— FEE $1.
30 laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen. $2 to
$2 75 day.
BOSS HERE— BUTTE CO.. CHICO.
Fee $1— Fare Very Cheap— Fee $1.
CO teamsters, laborers, woodchoppers and
rockmen, $2 25 to $2 60 day; ship to-night.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
FEE $1.
20 laborers and teamsters. $2 25 day.
SAWMILLS FACTORIES AND WOODS.
20 laborers. '$2 40: 20 lumber pliers. $2 75;
screw setter. $3 60; 10 boys, box factory.
$1 75 day; 10 crosscut sawyers. $52 found,
north; 10 young men or boys, new sash and
door factory cheap fare, $1 60 to $2 25 day
and advance: 10 Swede lumber pliers. $52
found; full night crew for sawmill; 10 Ital-
ian railroad laborers In woods, north, free
- fare. $33 found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
2 blacksmiths, ranches, boss here, $45 and
$50 and found; harnessmaker. ranch, boss
here. $40 found; 4 blacksmiths' helpers, city
and country; leak mender, cannery, 25c hour;
2 piledriver men. boss here: 6 farmers. $30
to $40 and found; 3 teamsters. $30 found; 3
pruners large orchard $32 50 found; 20 la-
borers $2 and $2 25 day; 10 teamsters. $2 25
day; third stableman, private, boss here, $25
and found; carpenter and do chores, boss
here good wages.
30 miners. $2 50 to $3 day: 100 muckers and
laborers $2 to $2 50 day; 10 drillers. $45 and
found. Toulumne County. $1 60 fare, balance
free, fee $1; 20 laborers, large sawmill. $2
OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE.
Baker, boarding-house, sawmill. $50 found;
3 cooks; cook, big mine, good wages; sec-
ond cook. $45 found: 3 extra waiters. 60c
meal; 2 waiters. $45 found; dishwashers and
potwashers. etc. '
Men call at our office, read our bulletin
boards'; lots of other Jobs* also Ret a free
list of Jobs at the PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st. *
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S. Employment Arts
429 Bush St «42 Clay St.
HELLO. GRANT 185.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY. FREE FARE for
Big Ryndon Tunnel. Nevada.
Tunnelmen, mucker*. ...¦> $_-$3
Stone cutter, short Job. free fare both wayt>.
no office fee and Vi""i.. y
CHATSWORTH PARK. L. A. CO.. CAL.
Machlnemen. drillers ....$3-?2
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
CASPAR TUNNEL, MENDOCINO Co.. «Cal.
Tunnelmen. laborers, teamsters $2-$2 75
High bridge men $2 5O
S. P. Co.'s OWN WORK. Near Merced. Cal.
30 men. extra gang fl 70
10 Italians, board themselves $1 6O
Absolutely FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE
CHICO. Butte Co.. and PLACERVILLE. Cal.
Laborers, teamsters, rockmen. carpenters....
$2 25-$3
SPECIAL RATE FARE.
6 drillers for tunnel*. 8 hours. $2 75; 15 la-
borers around a mine. $2 25 a day. fare pala.
see boss here: 10 Scandinavian lumber-pliers.
$52 and found; 2 blacksmiths, country. $50
and found; farmers, milkers, choremen. but-
ter-makers, tunnel men. muckers: 20 laborers
around a smelter, country. $2 25, see boss
here 10 o'clock Monday, fare paid.
Walter and wife; waitress, country. $50:
rooks, waiters, bell-boys, porters, kitchen
hands, city and country, $15 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agents,
429 Bush St 642 Clay St.
I
BOYS wanted immediatelT to pare fruit with
. machine; good wages. California Canneries
Co., 423 Brannan st. ;
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st.
WANTED immediately, steady moving picture
operator. Novelty Theater. Oakland. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bUg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.: 222^j N. Main
st.. Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
PICK HOPS— Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only. In-
stead of August 25. as previously advertised;
call immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred: heavy crops;
excellent pay: beautiful camps: plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery St.. 3. F.
WANTED — Bright young man of good address.
between 17 and Id years of age. to learn the
dry goods business. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
' WANTED — Stock boy from 13 to 17 years of
age. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. it
HALE BROS'.
WANTED — By a large tailoring establishment,
a first-class cutter of experience, ability and
p'easing personality; must have good char-
acter and habits; the position affords a good
salary: this is a splendid opportunity for the
right kind of a man. Address box 3349. Call.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and taka responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced In
cloaks and suits to go to a city not far
from San Francisco; state age, experlenco
and salary expected. Apply box 1010. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
: . that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c per 'night.
; WANTED — Experienced fancy goods salesman
for ribbon and glove department; good salary.
Address R. M. & CO.. box 1031. Call office.
OFFICE boy. 15 or 16 years of age. living with
parents; give references: answer in own
handwriting. Box 3368, Call office.
FOR $1500 will sell the best paying barber shop
and baths in city: lease. S. GORDON, 916
Market st.. room 18. '¦ • \ ¦;.;¦.:
A - TRIMMER to make himself generally useful
in merchant tailor store. J. GORDAN. 1124
Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' cloaks
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO., 52
First St.
BOYS wanted to work during the Grand Army
convention: good wages and easy work. Ap-
ply at 607 Market St. '¦¦
WANTED — First-class pressman on platen
presses. FORD. SMITH & LITTLE CO..
Los Angeles.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room- 14, 26 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
TWO cornice makers. McGovem Sheet Metal
Works, 1306 Mission St.
GOOD strong boy wanted. United States Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
UNDER -Dressers wanted on" Tests. S. N
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
BUSHELMAN. pressers and. cleaner. California
Clothing Renovatory. 287 O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED layer-off; steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
EXPERIENCED salesman for a merchant
tailor store. J. GORDAN. 1124 Market st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BRO3. A
CO.. 24 Batter at.
MAN to ' do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard at., nr. 5th!
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. PheUn
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.Thomas Post. G.A.R.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10u*i
-Valencia st.
ALL slses men's shoes, slightly damaged hall
price. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waiting- 25c
I to 60c, 663 Mission it., bet. 1st and 2d its.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
FREE FARE. ~~ '¦ ~ "" '¦
36 bridge carpenters, one-year* Job, north,
$07 50. MURRAY & 'READY. 634-636 Clay.
BIG NEW GOLD MINE.
25 laborers, you'll suit. Calaveras County,
$67 50. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
CARPENTERS— FREE FARE— SOUTH.
Free fare, 65 house carpenters plain work,
$105. ' MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay sU
__ ______________
COPPER, COAL. ¦ '
26 machine miners, southeast mine, $90.
. 98 single and double hand miners, $90. $S2,
$75.
86 timber furnace men, also muckers, $90,
$75, $60 and found.
16 car men for good mines, $45; $60 and fd.
COME AND SEE.
268 laborers, no experience wanted, located
everywhere, $75, $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS, OLD QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California. $80, $75,
$60 and found. COME SEE. »
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
33 milkers and butter makers, $40, $35, $30
and found.
1S6 ranch hands, $45. $30, $26 and found.
THRESHING OUTFITS.
38 men about threshing machines, you'll do.
$45 and found.
26 hay balers, located all over, 20c. 25c ton.
BIG WAGES— GOOD JOBS. >
FOR STABLES, 20 men, $60, $70, $50, $35, fd.
FOR CHORES. 39 men, $35, $30, $20, $15, fd.
Coachmen, gardeners, private family ; men.
sheepherders. , s
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country, $55 and found, ex-
ceptionally good job.
8 tarmcrs and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mine?, etc., $40, $50. $60 and found;
come see; WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all over
California, excavating mills, factories, grad-
ing, etc., some In San Francisoo, $2, $2 50
day.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work in factories,
$5, $6, $7, $9 week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here, $45 and found.
12 brick wheelers, boss here. $35 and found.
16 brick setters, boss here. $2 50 to $3 day.
26 laborers, brickyard, boss here. $60.
MURRAY & READY. C34-63U Clay St.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work,
$67 50 month.
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK— COST $1.
186 teamsters and axmen, $75.
186 laborers. $67 50.
186 drillers rock hammersmen, $70.
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE.
26 HEADERMEN, TUNNEL, FREE FARE,
$82 25.
FACTORY-rrEXTRA GOOD— $60.
16 laborers; you'll suit; steady job, near
city. $60.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company,
free fare, $50 and found. »
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers, you'll suit, lumber trust. $72 50.
2 screw setters, $105; 15 offbearers, $82 50.
25 laborers, pile lumber, you'll suit, $82 50.
! 16 crosscutters for woods, $60 and found.
.20 boys for box factory, anybody will do,
$32 and found.
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGIONS—-
FREE.
65 laborers, anybody will' do, R. R. fare free,
$42 and found.
North— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc., fare
paid, $35 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE $1.
196 teamster*, laborers and axmen, $75.
FREE — OREGON — FREE.
26 woods and mill men, regular Oregon big
wages — WAGES.
FRUIT PICKING— AS YOU LIKE IT.
55 men, you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $1, $26 and found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal miners— OREGON— FREE FARE.
WILLITS — UKIAH — FREE FARE.
26 teamsters" and laborers, others going —Are
you? $75.
DO YOU KNOW? FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s" own
work. (All. yes. all divisions.) Laborers,
extra gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANTA BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
" MECHANICAL.
. READ, CAREFULLY.
9 bench hands, $3 60; 6 helpers, bench job,
$60; country jobs.
16 rough carpenters, fare $3, 6 months' job,
$75 to $90.
BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where, $90 uo.
16 coopers, lie barrel; 2 carriage makers, $4.
8 brick molders, ?3 50.
Sandstone quarryman, $3 day up; stone-
mason, country, $60 and fount"..
BUTCHERS.
6 all-round butchers, $40, $60, $70 and found.
3 experienced factory butchers, across bay,
$3 day.
3 helpers, slaughter-house 'work, fare $1, $30
and found. -S
-MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
85 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN • FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
i FREE — FARE — FREE.
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
'$70 and found.
1SH experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found. .
Sfi.3 woodsmen, $10 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634-636 Clay St.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE,
i 155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office;
see them.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FARE PAID — MANAGER HERE.
GREAT MINES. GOOD MINES.
G. & C. MINES.
16 machine miners, timbermen, $90
23 single and double hand miners, - $S2 50
35 muckers, $75
«5 laborers, no experience wanted, $60
Mine located north; manager here: fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
LOOK. LOOK. LOOK*
M ITALIANS— SPANIARDS. $35 and fd.
65 AUSTRIANS— MEXICANS. $35 and fd.
65 GREEKS— PORTUGUESE. $35 and fd.
For a large American lumber trust, located
north, Humboldt; any laborer can do it in
the woods. You'll suit. General manager at
our office; see him.
FREE FARE. LOOK. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. K14 and 636 Clay St.
I BE WISE: — GO TO EL-D —
25 laborci-H about mills; your fare $1; wages
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
INDdOR servant for family',-' $40; references:
finishing carpenter, country. $4 day; 2 fruit
ranch foremen, $40 and found; farmers. $30
month and $1 25 day; 4 laborers for woods
and mills, $55; 50 laborers for quarries and
mines, $2 and $2 50 day and $1 50 day, and
board; 6 miners, $3 day; stableman. $55;
choreman. $15 to $20 and found: 2 sheep-
herders, $30 and found; 2 men. light work.
$45 month: laundryman. $40 and found; 4
lumber pliers. 25 cents hour: cooks, waiters;
bell-hoys, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANTS — First-class waiters, also
buses, high arm work. Call 9 a. m. to 2
p. m.; no fee. Restaurant Keepers' Asso-
ciation. 6 Eddy St.. room 46.
A BUTLER for a good place in Oakland; $40;
references as a butler necessary. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r 12
Second cook. $60: porter. $30; watchman, $25.
BOY 16 to 18 years old to attend soda fountain;
no experience necessary: must live at home
with parents; hoy of German descent pre-
ferred; wages $6 week to begin. Inquire be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at 810 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 BO. • or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. P doors from Market.
STRONG boy waNited as assistant stockkeeper.
Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House 1232-
1236 Market st.
WANTED — Boy 16 years old In dental office;
one denirous of learning the business; refer- ;
ence. Box 1024, Call office. . ¦ ;
TRY our men's rboes, union made, at $1 pair; i
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Two first-class barbers; no other
need apply. 7A Eddy st,
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel Barber-
shop, i
BARBER wanted; steady man. 2092 Mission
street.
MAN bedmakor wanted at New Adelaide
House. 614 Howard at.
WAITER In restaurant. 1759% Mission St. "; •
LUNCH waiter. 6S2 Sixth st. —
WANTED — Two first-class carpenters. 2138
- Fillmore st.'/ "
WANTED— Cook for small restaurant. 348
. Third st.
FIRST-CLASS barber; steady: short hours. 799
Geary st. „
ASSISTANT waiter wanted; small restaurant;
$15 per month and found. 2723 Sutter st.
WANTED — Plumber's helper. 149 : Fifth st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 007 Kearny at. : J7_/
HELP WANTE D— FEMALE— Con. ¦¦
OUTING In the country and earning money at
rame time; women a'nd girls wanted to cut
fruit; working pears and peaches, the . most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen, in private family, $1 50 per week;
free camping grounds. Further information,
220 Market St.. room 12: come at once to LOS
' GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos, Cal. '
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-'
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY; LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32 V, FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH. ,
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
PICK HOPS— Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only, in-
stead of AUgust 25, as previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops:
excellent pay; beautiful c^P": P 1 ' 1^?* 1 ?!!."^
roents. p. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery st.. S. F.
CLASSES in English, French. German and
Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar, banjo,
singing, elocution, physical culture, piano,
halrdressing, manicuring, dressmaking and
millinery; terms, $1 50 per month each. At
San Francisco Girls' and Woman's Educa-
tional and Industrial Unlnn, 749 Bush^ St.,
near Powell. *
WANTED — Woman who has had experience in
taking care of children to take charge of a
baby about a year old; this is a good place
for one who appreciates a good home; state
age. experience and salary expected. Apply
box 1011. Call. -¦
WANTED — Experienced ribbon saleswoman,
one who understands tying bows; also ex-
perienced embroidery saleswoman to go to
Sacramento; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 1009, Call.
NEAT girl for housework and cooking; fam-
ily 3 adults; no window cleaning; small
washing; wages $25. Call Monday morning,
2721 Clay st. '
WANTED— Ladles to know that the* Royal
Cloak and Suit Co. make tailor-made suits
to order at factory prices; give them a trial.
023 Market st. _^ __
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Contral
ave. and Waller st.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as
representative for a wholesale house. Box
1015, Call office.
APPRENTICE for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton st.
BODY Ironer wanted. United »SUtes Laundry.
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
PANTS finishers; also girl with some experi-
ence in operating on pants.. 245 Seventh st.
GIRL, 16 years, to put on fasteners. Carson
Glove Co., 123 Second.
APPRENTICES wanted at millinery. Suite
8. third floor. 131 Post st.
GIRL for country, cooking and general house-
work. Apply Monday. 1409 Webster st.
GOOD cook, young woman. $7 week; no wash.
414 Capp st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers; also flnlsh-
ers on vests. 230^ Ninth, opp. Clementina.
A YOUNG girl for general housework. 2614
California st. U.y'.*
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 59 Columbian building.
WANTED — Fitters stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main st.
ELDKRLY German Catholic woman for house-
work ; t" per week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY,
Phone Main 5848. 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a free
bulletin of labor containing every position
segregated under departments ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions; get one free.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45,000 men work. 60,000 men work
We ship you , Free to one
Free^ to-day. Free to all.
Ogden, Utah, All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, : Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa-Susana, • Oregon,
San Fernanda, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, Willits, Uklah,
And All Points North. East, South,
v Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, black-
, smiths.' etc., $5, $4. $3 50, $3. $2 SO, $2 day.
Free fare. Ftee fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY.
631 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS— BIG PAY. 7
COOKS— BIG PAY. COOKS — COOKS.
j 26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70. $G0, $50, $40, $30 fd. ; very
few men to cook for, no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50,
$40 and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, starions,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
S2 waiters, different places. Including cafes
Rnd grills. $45 to ?30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. ?15 to $30 and found.
0 porters and bedraakers, city and country
positions, ?45 to $20^ and found.
86 dishwashers, city and all parts of Cali-
fornia. $40 to $25 and fonnd. '
12 laundrymen, some fare paid, $80, $60, $40
and fo'-nd.
BAKERS.
8 bakers and helpers, city and country, $63
and 530 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GOING TO FRESNO?
26 laborers. Free fare— Free.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FREE ONLY 14 MILES AWAY FREE.
16 laborers; you'll suit. $42 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
sPecial by midnight
mail, phone and telegraph.
MAN AND WIFE.
Man and v wife, kitchen and orchard, fare
$1 60, boss here, $00.
3. hay balers, boss here fare $1. $4 day fd.
Greenhouse gardener $50; sheep herder. $23
and found.
2 miner*, gold mine Scandinavians. $90.
Carpenter, ranch, boss here. $40 found.
Clerk, country merchandise store. $400 year
and found.
Cook, fare paid. $40 and found.
SPECIAL.
12 men. warehousowork. fare $1. $3 day.
EXTRA SPECIAL, CITY.
12 laborers, Oakland. $45 found.
\ Sheet iron worker, city. $3 day.
Stableman, lumber company, country. $25 fd.
2 cappers, country cannery. $2 day.
Bench capper, country cannery. $2 day.
2 boys, loam tllesetting. city, $32 50.
• Milker and wife. Colusa County, $50 found.
Walter. Santa Cruz County cafe. $40 found.
Logway man. also sawyer south.' $90 found.
LOOK— R. R.— 10c FARE.
12 laborers, track men, $2 25 day.
Laundryman country Job. $.15 found.
Young man.' figure up tallies, lumber com-
pany, $.15 and found.
Boy carry U. S mall. • .
4 young men. help tilesetters. $2 day.
Driver and care, of horses, bakery wagon,
$•'10 and found.
Carpenter, factory. 10c fare. $."? day.
2 carpenters city job $3 50 to $4 day.
. OREGON— FREE R. R. FARE.
26 laborers, sawmill, boss here, $60. •
Edgerman.. same place boss here. $75.
ALSO
Quarryman. Sonoma County. $46 found.
15 fruit pickers. Solano County, fare $1 50,
$30 and found. . /
5 extra waiters, city hotels, $150. day fd.
Milker and wife, boss here. $.50 and found.
2 carpenters. . boss here, free fare, large lum-
ber company $75 and found r
•Cook. Nevada, free fare. R. R.. $50 found.
Slaughter house butcher's helper.-- fare $1,
$."50 and found. : .
Best Places At MURRAY & READY'S,
Hoif Waxes At 634-638 Clay st.
*AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fraadsco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
tntil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS«41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
Market 6treet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. tn.
1096 Valencia street; open, until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllaore street; epen until 9 p. m.
MEETI N G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cotr.'nandpry No. i. K. ?
T.— fiptclal assembly THIS E'.EN-'Sf
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Onl«T of Tern- EJ
pie All fraters courteously invited. W9
THOMAS H. BROWNE, Commander. w
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
ASYLUM "f Golden Gate Commander-
No 16 K T., C25 Sutter m.— Stated y&+
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 {£*
o'clock All fraters are courteously
invited Bv ordpr of the Commander,
in a. THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO W" a N » V rviv? >JH*
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EMNU. > Vjr
BuElnee s and d<«ree» 5 and b. / ? \
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
'TM^VlS
gt 7 30 o'clock. Second Degree. By/V\
° rdeI " ° f WALTER^. ANDERSON. Sec.
GOLPKN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and a^
\ M — Officers and members are here- JTjr
••v notified to attend the funeral of our/T\
i.te brother. HARKY C. TfCK-
HABFR at King Solomon s Hall. Masonic
Temple en THIS MONDAY. August 17, at
2 r m. Bv order of the W. M.
E. L. MEYER, Secretary-
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. JS_,
M.— Called mseiins THIS DAY (MON-VY
UAY>. August 17. 1903. at. 7:30/VA
o'clock p. m. Degree 1. By order
of the W. M
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. «
and A. ll_ 1*» Fillmore st.— First de-'*/Sf
crte THIS EVENING at 7:30 o clock /yf\ \
HARKY BAEHR. Secretary.
LINCOLN Council No. 2. Jr. O. '" J>_ jK> *tk !
A. M.— Member* are requested torn JK ¦
atfnd the funeral of our late ¦ _LA •
brother. 31 C ITCKHABEK. ItA^fl
m 1 !s home, SS25 Sfv*ntp?rith «£srtr_)«
»t.. city. TO-DAY. August 17, at !
1 ::JO p. m. By order of j
C. L. GARDINER. Councilor.
UNITED STATES Veteran Navy. Phelps
Squadron No 12. meets MONDAY EVEN-
INGS at 8 o'clock on board U. S. S.
Marian. Fclsom No. 2; ellglbles Invited to
attend. |
THE annual meeting of the Ladies' Seaman's
Friend Society will be held at the Sailors' \
Home, Mam and Harrison sts.. on WEDNE.S-
DAY. August 19. 1903. at 3 o"clock p. m.
MRS. WM. H. BARNES. Cor, t-ec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777
Mission et. San Francisco, on MONDAY,
August 24, 1903, at 8:30 p. xn.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the enduing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. Aurust 20.
Bv order of the board of directors.
" M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
EXCELLENT opportunity is offered to a man
of character and ability who can sell flrst-
ilase Ooverament bonds for monthly Install-
ments without risk. Apply Rialto bldg.,
rooms 4C&-407.
AGENTS— > new moneymaker. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW. j
ROBT. W. KING, atly-at-law. Examiner bid.. '
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collecticns, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
lrgs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AD\1CE free — I will advance coet In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :qulck.<julet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs. ,
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. .ADAMS, room
316. third Coor. Examiner building.
L 6. CLARK Emma SpreckeU bldg.. 827 Mar.
ket st.;. consultation free; po fees in advance.
AlTKEN * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clur-ie bldg.. 503 California f t. ; tel. Main 727.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots,$5 each;German singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you;every-
th'.cg In our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
Bl'SINESS CHANCES.
A _$600; COUNTRY bakery, with chop house,
m CaJaveras County: llvi.\g rooms; no op-
positicn; a splendid chance for baker or cock.
R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st.
A — $S00; SALOON, with 10 furnished room*;
place surrounded by breweries and malt-
fcoutee; rent $40; a good business, but dis-
agreement of three partners is cauce of sale;
State. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t$>i Kearny st.
A— J12WJ; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; estab. many years and known as a
tfri-t-cls.es, paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 261-a Kearny st.
A— S'S2T>: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third M. ; rent $30; average daily receipts,
US; - bargain. R. G. WILKE. 2t>'4 Kearny.
ARK jcu trylr.g to sell your business? Well,
gee H. W. WILFORD.
Business Agent,
3 Taylor et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.
THE best business in the Mission; stationery
More, near 7 echools. for what it will invoice
for; $360 for a business at 3001 Army St.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3C03 Mission st.
WANTED— To rent, by young man of good ed-
ucation, good character, with sufficient
trear.s. good dairy ranch, farm or vineyard;
rlther cash or shares; give particulars; no
agent. Box :::;ir«. Cell office.
J-"<>:: any kind of business, city or country, get
r our li«t. MOSSMAN. 850 Market St.
STEADY, reliable man as office assistant;
permanent place; $3o month guaranteed; $2O0
terh required. 1007'j Market, nr. Cth, r. 1.
FOR eale — UnncH'tcring and carpet cleaning
fj.i.'.'n; rood trade; sickness cause of scu-
ms. Box 33C7. CaJI office.
J2OOO — GOOD saloon on Kearny St.; owner go-
ing to Europe. Box 3361. Call office.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; {25 a day;
rrlre *1SOO; no agents. 715 McAllister ft.
RESTAURANT; seating S2: snap; no Sunday
work : departure. *Xt Fourth et.
— — —^ —
GOOD saloon for sale. Box 330*. Call office.
Halrdrefsing perlcrs;cheap rvalue in sight; go"d
4oc*tjon; retiring- 11M Market, bet. 7th-Stb.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale In country town.
Address box 805. Call office. Oakland.
FOK r-le — Saloon etock and fixture*. 117
City Hall ave.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sain.
Irqcire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ATrEXTIOy. 67-A-R.V ~~~
H. C DECKER.
LINCOLN POST NO. 1— Dept. Calif. Ac Nevada
906 MARKET. COR. STOCKTON.
PHONE JOHN 831.
Headquarters for Real Estate. Rooming Houses,
Hotels, New Apartment Houses, Flats
and Private Homes.
Having been in this business for more than
twenty-seven years. I am In a position to sell
you a place at its actual value. MONEY
LOANED ON ANY HOUSE. TITLES GUAR-
ANTEED. SEE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
14 Rooms, exchange for larger house $ 500
17 Rooms, 8 rooms furnished; snap 600
8 Rooms, Leavenworth st.. reduced to. . 500
SS Rooms, choice location. Oakland 3200
12 Room?, Geary et., choice transient.... 400
42 Rooms, sunny corner; rent $100 3200
SO Rooms, sunny bay-window corner. . . . 2S00
26 RoomF. Mission and Cth sts.; gnap 1200
12 Rooms. Taylor et. : trawlent only 700
<0 Rooms, Market et. ; offices, permanent. 5T«00
32 Rooms, part houres. long lease 2000
8 Rooms, cost $1500: a beauty: reduced. 750
I* Room*, newly furnished, long lease. .. .12O0
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
l.VR'XJM house; north of Market; five min-
utes from Kearnv and Market; all newly
furnished: open plumbing; gas and electric
light: baths: three years' lease; direct cars
to i«?rry. Cliff House and park; sudden death
in family cause of sale; no agents. Box
.-»71. Call.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market St.. central; all rented: flrrt floor of-
fice*, clearing $170: only $24<X>: easy terms.
PETERSEN & YARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$3t5 WILL buy 12-room boarding-house; large
-•ard: eunny all the day; bargain. 41S Lar-
htn fct.
1800 ONLY — 12 rocms; new furniture: rent
cheap; must leave city. 768 Eush et., rear.
LODGING HOUSES FOR S^LE-— Con.
100 ROCMsTTiouse for^nen; rent $140... .$4000
6S rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms: corner: part cash: bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent $->0. 350
21 rocms: water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms: good lease: low rent........ C500
67 rms.: apartments;Western Add; rent. &>Q
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
HctelE. rcadhouses. flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEI. & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
*G3<> ELEGANT colonial flat of 6 r. and b. : ,
beautifully furn.; all new and up to date;
cost over $1000: piano cost $350 alone; must
sell. Petereen & Lai-nen. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$2100—20 ROOMS: rent $125; clears over $100;
snap. MOSSMAN. 850 Market St. ,
NEWLY furnished house of 15 rooms; owner
leaving city. M0 Taylor st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« nares. (n wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM. t
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND~SAVE $2
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; J promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when »
you will marry: In fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages makes' you successful and prosperous,
cures 'disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
g p. * m. : Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
CASHMIRE.
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vises on love. law. business, speculation and in-
vestments; as a test in the readings she will
tell your full name, . address and occupation;
she reunites the separated, causes a speedy and
happy marriage with the one you love; in fact,
she advices on all troubles pertaining to hu-
man nature; locates hidden treasures and
mines. 1007 V% Market et.. bet. 6th and 7th.
16MAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't eend currency. Ssnd postoffice,
Wt-lls-Fargo meney order cr registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 60c; gents, $1; by canSs, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 128 Turk st
Mrs. A H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS D. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant,
palmist; tells life cradle to grave; 50c, by
mall or person. 217 Eddy st. room 9.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th st . near Mar-et.
! MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents. 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. Cth; cpen Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant cari reader: slt-
tln___d_____4___________t_be_5thand6th.
CARPET-BEATING AXD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer- !
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
! floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become- disgusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonabl e. 1703 Harrison at. : tel.Mlgslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunions.etc
' ~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
i ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5. alO Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
. city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
DENTISTS^
DrTlL'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
rcade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5:full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hcwltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2S5 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllU-gs.25c.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. W& Mltsslon at., cor. 6th.
DRESSSIAKEUS Sc SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst &. knife plaiting. Stew-
arfs button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
• DYEING AJ7S CXiEA-fXKO.
EEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3015 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
aI^ALDWELL College~of Oratory.^ Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
EAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; .estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
1 easiest. most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $&O; day and evening sessions. ;
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Lark In st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineeiing;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. •
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. min.. mech., «ir-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
dcr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Nesa and
Golden Gate aves..S.F.; nils every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Hcward
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and *1. 34# Golden Gate.
AT Klngsland Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class
LESSONS given In Wafer Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 .Mission.nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $3 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address, in the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
* EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G^O^G^A^KlT^12T^Mt'strpteTrBush 135-^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes west help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. '¦ 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert.reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell: tel. East 42«.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHfNESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid, 5 years' refer-
ences, wants a place; is young, strong and
capable. For further particulars address
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., near
Powell. .
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook-
ing; first-class references; wages $35 up. Call
524 Stevenson st. \ _^____
MIDDLE«AGED woman wants washing, iron-
ing or housecleanlng; good work done; $1 50
day. Box 1008. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good worker and re-
liable, would like to clean offices; also clean
wi ndows. Box 3356, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes one, two or
three days' work; perfect satisfaction ; $2 a
day. 1671 McAllister st. -
SITUATION wanted to cook in a private fam-
ily: good references. Call at 407 '.fr Harrison.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tbe
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(t
Valencia st. " ¦
EM PLOY3IEXT WANTED— MALE,
SITUATION wanted: a butcher, sober and
steady man. Box 1027. Call, office. -a
WANTED— Situation In a kitchen by an el-
derly man; can cook aome. Box 1026. Call.
AN experienced wine maker and cellar man
wishes position. Please, apply 630 Sacramento.
ACTIVE, well-known commercial man, Al
standing, will entertain strictly legitimate
proposition requiring few hours attention
dally: bonds furnished any amount desired.
Box 1038. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate worker: good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Box 808, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD steady boy. 18 years of age, would like
position on private place doing chores and
working in garden; understands care of
horses and cow. Box 813, Call, Oakland.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation in a grocery store and barroom:
first-class references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny si.
EXPERIENCED electric power station opera-
tor would like position as assistant electri-
cian or general line repair man; country or
email town preferred. Box 3357. Call office.
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman,
eminently respectable, good habits, unin-
cumbered, desires a position as companion.
Box 3338. Call office.
PAINTER, EaEtern man, wants work by day
or small jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter, 1121 Webster st. ]
YOUNG man with experience in office of
wholesale grocery desires situation. Box
3332. Call office. ;
JAPANESE cook wants a position in family
or small boarding-house. K. HARA. Japan-
ese Gospel Society. 725 Geary St.; tel. Hyde
1586. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and" subbcriptlons
received at Call branch of.tce, 2200 Flllmore.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to v let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: It will save you time and
trouble? Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.: new, sunny
flat on corner. 1050 Noe st. . modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro-st. cars; rent reasonable.
A EUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement:
half block from Market St.. within 13 min-
utes' rtde of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. 3943 Seventeenth st.
BEAVER, 57 — 0-room flat; cheap to a good
tenant ; between Noe and Castro sts.
ELEGANT sunny upper corner flat, 6 rooms,
bath. Hattle and Merrltt, west, off Castro.
SUNNY upper modern flat. 7 rooms, bath;
yard: basement; $30. 1046 Broderick.nr.Turk.
SEVENTH. 436 — Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms
to let. \
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
ELEGANT new furniture of 6-room flat : every-
thing complete. 1130 Golden Gate: no dealers.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny modern flat; 3 or 4 rooms;
2 adults. Box 1012. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
"buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Hello Grant 1S5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, coun-
try hotel, fare paid J. .$50
2 waitresses, plain commercial hotel, coun-
try *-5
_ waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare both ways.$_5
2 extra waitresses, country, fare both ways.
Waitress, springs, steady year round, fare
paid *30
Waitress, Chico, fare paid .$2.)
Waitress, private boarding-house, city.. ..$25
¦Waitresses, San Jose, Stockton. San Rafael,
city, WatBonville. Gait, Marysville, Santa
Cruz, others $20-$25
Pantryglrl, springs, steady year around, fare
paid i * ; 50
Fancy ironer, country hotel »35
Ironer, laundry, city $10 week
Extra ironer, city laundry, best of wages.
Mangle girl, city laundry $6 50
Cooks, dishwaFhers, chambermaids — $2O-$40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Housegirl, - family, country, very* choice,
party here, $25; Scandinavian or German
housegiri, country, $25; second girl, city. $25;
houeeglrl, Alameda, party here, $25; woman
with a child, cook for men, $25; cook for
men, country, no washing, $25; houseglrl,
Xapa County, fare paid, middle-aged couple,
very choice place, $25; cooks, housegirls. sec-
onil girls, nurseglrls, city & country, $15-$30.
I C. R. HANSE^ & CO 429 Bush st.
A COOK for Seattle, $35; a French governess,
$30: a second girl for city, $25; two cham-
bermaids for hotel in city, $20 each; no wait-
ing on table; a parlormaid and waitress for
San Mateo, ?25. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Kuttcr, near Powell.
A NURSE for 2 children, 1 an infant, $30, for
Oakland. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
A— LAUNDRESS. $30: nurse, child 8 years old.
$30; nurse, child. 1V4 years old. $25; eecond
girl, $25; 6 cooks. $30 and $35; women to
help in' boarding-house. $25; woman with a
child, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 gutter st.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hatrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 123C Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
EXPERIENCED GIRLS ON PATENT BUT-
TON MACHINES. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32% FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
A — Girls toMearn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In one
• month for $10; positions as .trimmers. Dales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
RESTAURANTS— First-class waitresses; high-
aim work. Call 9 a. m. to 2 p. m. ; no fee.
Restaurant Keepers' Association, 6. Eddy st.,
room 46.
"WANTED — First-class saleslady in ladles' and
children's wear. MARKS BROS. 1220 Mar-
__ket st. /
STENOGRAPHER who can also play piano;
light work; permanent position. Hoover
University of Culture. 1S39 Flllmore st.
EXPERIENCED girl for first-class retail can-
dy store; permanent position. R. S. box
1025. Call office.
A GIRL to do - housework ' and plain cooking.
S26 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL wanted for housework and cooking. 1542
McAllister st.
GIRL to assist with light housework; no cook-
ing; HO. Apply 1307 Jackson st. -
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
GIRL for houtework. 1053 Market St.. up
stairs. ' •¦¦¦¦•
WANTED — A lunch waitress at 506 Howard
street.
TALENTED amateur performer*. - Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object."• Cloudy" weather 'prevails over Western Wash
ington Southeastern 'California- and Arizona;
elsewhere west of the Rocky Mountains It ; Is
fair Light rain Is reported from the western
portions of Oregon and Washington. :
The pressure has fallen over the southern
portion of the Pacific Slope and risen over the
northern." ' - , ' *
¦•- The temperature has risen over California
and Southern .Oregon and remained nearly sta
tionary in other districts. Temperatures are
slightly above the normal . throughout Calif or-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, • ending midnight. August 17:
Northern California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light northwest wind.^
v". Southern ; California— Fair Monday; continued
warm; light weat wind. - - ,
Nevada — Fair; warmer Monday. . :.;¦:¦
Ban .Francisco -and - vicinity— Fair Monday;
continued warm; light northwest wind. . ,-
G H WILLSON.' Local. Forecast Official.
WEATHER -CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
STATIONS. |-- |g '_Jb |§ I" g
-:- I : i I T .;¦ P"
'. ? . • I ' •
Baker ........20.92 S8 60 SW Clear • .00
Carson ......29.90 82 42 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.00 66 64 W Clear .00
Fresno ......29.78 96 56 NW Clear ,. .00
Flagstaff -....'.29.82 84 60 NE Cloudy ".CO
Independence .29.80 82 62 S Cloudy .00
Los Angelea..29.74 88 60 W Clear .CO
Mt. Tamalpals29.96 78 52 W Cloudy .00
North Head ..29.04 64 56 N Cloudy .05
Phoenix ......29.62 106 84 SB Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello ;....29.82 92 66 SE Clear .00
Portlar.d .....30.00 76 68 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ....29.86 92 .. SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.00 80 68 E Rain T.
Sacramento ..29.84 88 68 N Clear • .00
Salt Lake . . .29.84 94 68 NW Clear .00 '
San Franclsco.29.93 76 64 W Pt Cldy .00
8 L- Oblspo.. 29. 80 94 60 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.78 74 62 W Clear .00
Seattle .......30.04 ¦¦ 68 54. W Cloudy T.
Spokane ..... 29W ¦ »» 66 W Clear .00
Tatoosh ......30.02 66 62 E Rain .01
Walla Walla. 29. 90 00 62 W : Clear .00
Winneroucca .29.92 86 46 W ' Clear .00
yuma .. ......29.64 112 78^E Cloudy .00
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific TJme.) ; ,
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 16— 5 p. m.
M. L. Davis to Kmanuel Velladao and John
Oliver, lot on W line of Wood street. 371:9 N
of Point Lobos avenue. N 53 by W 100; $ 10.
Isabella H. Benson, wife of Francis V., to
William Miller, lot on E line of Clayton street.
103 N of Frederick, N 25:9 by E 106: $10.
William and Mary J. Miller to Mary W.
Weaver, Bame; gift.
Gabrielle and G. de Lachasse to John L.
and Maria F. Kelly, lot on W line of Cole
street 50 S of Frederick, S 25 by W 70; *10.
James A. Freeman to Mary A. Freeman", lot
on E line of Harrison street. 182 N of Twenty
third. N 28 by E 100; gift.
Same to name, lot on E line of Harrison
street. 234 N of Twenty-third, N 26 by E 110;
RoBert Schulz to Robert -Scholx, lot on N
line of Twenty-third street, 60 E of Bryant. E
25 by N 90; $10. *
' William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Al
bert F. and Amelle L. J. Petersen, lot on line
of Guerrero street. 141:6 S of Twenty-seventh,
S 25. E 70:8. -N 25:4. W 75:2; $10.
Estate of James Fltzslmons or Fltzslmmons,
by executor to John B. Carson, lot on W line
of Diamond street. 60 S of Twenty-first. S 50
by W 115:0; ¥1650. ' .
Ellen FItislmmons to same, same: S10. .
Albert Meyer to Frederick O. Ilsen, lot N
line of I street, 100 W of Nineteenth avenue,
W 25 by N 100; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Thomas A. Perkins, lot on
N line of J street. 82:8 feet W of Forty-sixth
avenue. W 50 by N 100; 810. -
McCarthy Company to J. Chaban, lot 13,
block 2, Lakeview; $10.
John F von Herrlich to Thomas Phillips,
lot on SW corner Virginia street, 25 NE -of
Henrietta, NE 1.38. N 25 A. NW 61:5. SW 25.
BE 70, lot 220. Heyman'a subdivision to Cobb
tract; '$10. -r^ __.
Moses and Sarah R. Samuel to Elseman &
Co.. lot on N line of O"Farrell street. 28 W of
Laguna, W 20:2 by N 94:4; $10.
Charles F. Doe to Charles W. Rosenbaum,
lot nn N line of Washington street, 92:6 E of
Buchanan. E 45 by. N 1O7:8V4: ?10. '
William A. and Delia F. Nevills to Charles
W. Rosenbaum, same; |10.
Edwin R. Dlmon,' Eleanor . S. Jarnoe (P 1 
mond). Mary G. Tobln (Dlmond) and B. P.
Oliver, trustee, to same, same: $10.
Catherine Dutton to J. W. Smith, lot on S
line of Fell street, 189:6 E of Webster, E 80:6
by S 120; |10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mark I.
Hart, lot on N line of Pine street, 105 W of
Broderick. - W 25 by N 137:6; $ .
Mark I. and Phoebe C. Hart to David F. Mc-
Graw. same; $2900.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ST. LOUIS, Aug.' 17.— An e&rthquake
shock that lasted for several seconds was
distinctly; felt here at 3:53 o'clock this
morning. Houses shook and many-per
sona* jumped from their beds in fright.
ALTON, 111., Aug. 17.— An earthquake
shock was felt here at 3:54 o'clock this
morning. The majority of the residents
of Alton were awakened. The shock
broke a quantity of plastering loose in
the auditorium of the Methodist Epis
copal Church. At East Alton bricks were
shaken from several chimneys and glass
broken in several windows. The shock
lasted nearly ejght seconds.
LOUIS THE CENTER
OF EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
Nearly all the municipalities of the
isthmus have already answered favorably
the request of the Municipal Council here
to send a petition to Congress In favor of
the ratification of the canal treaty.
PANAMA, Aug. 16.— The following tele
gram in favor of tbe Panama canal was
sent this morning: >-^-*H*
The Vice President of the Republic, Bogota:
Numerous munlclpalltlea request Congress to
approve the Hay-Herreran treaty, which sig
nifies the salvation of the Isthmus*. I am send
ing by mall the original petitions. Inform the
House of Representatives, the Senate and pub
lish. DE*MEL*IO BRID.
President of the Municipality of Panama,
COLOMBIAN CONGRESS IS '
ASKED TO APPE0VE TBEATY
R. I.. Aug. 16.— James H.
Ferrill and Fred Le Clalr, the self-confessed
assailants of Isaac B. Seeley of New York,
the prominent manufacturer, were captured
here to-day. They stated that they entered
Mr. Seeley*3 office Friday morning on a pre
tense of soliciting the^.work of washing his
windows, attacked him. beat him Into uncon
sciousness and robbed him of about |6O In cash
and a sold watch.
CHICAGO. Aug. 10. — To-morrow 13 the one
hundredth anniversary of the permanent set
tlement of Chicago, August 17, 1303. when
Lieutenant Swearingen of the United States
army landed with a company of troops on the
lake front and began the construction of Fort
Dearborn. Chicago will celebrate the anniver
sary In a small way to-morrow, but tha real
Jubilee will take place September 2tf to Octo
ber l. ' ¦: ;.. ':
WASHINGTON, Aug. 16.-Stephen E.
Hall of Aurora. 111., a protege of Senator
Albert J. Hopkins, killed himself in his
room here to-day. Hall had suffered
great pain . from some stomach trouble
and had applied at a near-by drugstore
for a certain medicine which the druggist
was unable to supply. Hall was a clerk
In the Department of Commerce and La
bor, having been transferred recently
from the Census Bureau,' where he- had
been employed during the past two years.
The only known relative of Hall is M.
Downey, manager of the Union Forge
Company of Chicago.
GOVERNMENT CLERK EHIS
HIMSELF IN WASHINGTON
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY. AUGUST 17, 1903.
11
HUNT — In' this city, August 16, 1003, " Georgo
Washington Hunt, a native Of New Yor«t.
aged 81 years and 1 day.
JOOST— in" this city, August 10, 1000, Anna
O.i dearly beloved wife of John Jooat, and
devoted Bister cf John. Henry and Herrman
Ticncken and Mrs. C Claussen. a native of
Kohlen, Germany, aged 3'J years 2 months
and 1 vay.
|C!7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuetsday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 105 South Park, between Third and
Fourth streets, Bryant and Brannan. Inter-
ment Mount OH vot. Cemetery.
JUDG1-: — In this city. August 15, 1003. Kate
('*.. beloved daughter of Julia and the late
Frank Judee. and dearly beloved sister of
May Judge, a native of Virginia City, Nev..
aged 2i years.
• C7"The funeral will take place Tuesday,
August 18, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 309 Texns street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, Potrero, thence to St.
Terrs*' a Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose ox
her soul, commencing at 'J o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy» Cross Cemetery. ,
KELLY— Jn this city, August 15, 190.1, Charles
K, Keiry, beloved sen of the late Michael
and Catherine Kelly, and loving brother cf
Mrs. John peterkln, Mrs. E. Rellly, Mrs.
Thomas Reilly and John. Henry, Cornelius,
Daniel and Jeremiah Kelly and the late Mrs.
Thomas Duignan, a" native of San Fran-
cisco. A memter of Aerie No. 5. F. O. V E.
C?"Fr!em!» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 242 Clara ctreet, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high masa
will be celebrated for the repose of bis soul
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. -
KUKULJICA— In this city, August 16, 1903,
Carolina, dearly beloved wife of Petar Ku-
kuljlca, a native of Austria, aged 40 years
nnd 3 months.
LENNON— In this city, August 14. 1903, James
H., beloved husband of the late Annie F.
Lennon, father of John H.. David J. and
Frank W. Lennon, Mrs. M. Shea and Mrs.
F. Laponta, and brother of Bernards Lennon,
a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 63 years
1 month and 10 days.' -\
(EVFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to*day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St Brendan's Church for services at 11
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LONG — In this city. August 16, 1003, Emma
T., beloved-wife of Harvey Long, a native of
New Brunswick, aged 15 years.
LOWNEY— In this city, August 10, 1903. Jer<-
mtah. beloved husband of Alice E. Lowney,
loving father of Daniel D., T. J., J. E. and
Sadie V. Lowney. Mrs. J. Schallch and Mrs.
E. Riordan. and brother of T. J. Lowney
Still Sirs. J. Leary,of Fall River. Mass., a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
BCTFrlcnaa and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late reel*
dence, 70C San Jose avenue, thence to St'
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Com«-
tery. ' ' "' ->>V:—" :
MILLKK— In Colma. August 16. 1003. Charles
Wesley, beloved and. only son of Isaac and
Margaret Miller, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months.
MOFFAT— In Valenzuela^ Mine Slnaloa, Mex-
ico (suddenly), John^R. Moffat. dearly be-
loved husband of Charlotte L. Moffat, -de-
voted father of James R., R.j Lillian
J. and Margueritte L. Moffat. and brother
* of Jatr.es. Robert and William Moffat. Mrs.
M. Johnson and Mrs. M. Nllson. a native of
Melbourne, Australia, aged 42 years and 10
months.
MULCAHEY— In this city. August 15, 1903.
Catherine M. Mulcahey. elster of R. * p
Qulnn of Watsonvllle and J.-m.'- Qulnn, a na-
tive of Virginia City. Nev.. aged 33 years
and 17 days. y " > ¦
[r_rThe funeral , will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8 :45 o'tek^rom the parlors
of.J. C. O'Connor &^Co.. 767 Mission atreet. ,
thence to St; Patrick's _ Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 0 o clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, j
NEE— in this city. Augustus, 1903, John, be-
loved huFbnnd. of Mary Nee, and father o£
Thomaa Nee. a native of the parish of R U8 h-
muck.^County Ualway. - Ireland, aged "7
years. A member • of -¦ Riggers' and Steve-
dores' Union Association. Local 222, L L.
M. and T. A. , .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 c clock, from the parlors
of J.C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street*
thence to St. Jost-ph s - Church for services
commencing at * 11 o ciock. ,- Interment Holy
Cross Cen>etery.
OFFERMANN— In thla city, August 0, 1003
George D.. beloved son of Henry and Kath-
arine Offemann ¦ of Germany, and brother of
Mrs. Loui* rfchlohandJ.. William, August
H -and Frtd Ortermann.- a native of Obern-
dorf, Germany, aged 44 yeara and 0 months
ICT Services will be held to-day (Mondavi
at 2 o'clock. 1 at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Missicn street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment private. Please omit
¦ >: flowers...-. • . ¦ "- -' . ¦"¦ ' ¦ : „> ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ..
PUCKHABER— In this city/August 15, 1903,.
BAH.WAY TBAVEIu
California
limited...
To CHICAGO
f^^^^^lpi For Those Who
SANTA FE TBAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Local |Ov*rl"d
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton 10;40 a 10:01 p 7:10p 11:15 p
"Merced 1 :08 p 1 :55 p 1;2§ a
"Fresno 2:4Op 3:20p 3:1a a
"Hanford 4:5Sp 4:07 p 7: 5£ a
"Vlsalla 4:55p 4:4Sp 3:00*
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p 7: 25 a
" Kansas City 2:35a I :0Oa
"Chicago 2:15p 8:47o
a for morning; p for afternoon,
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday loathe
CALIFORNIA liIMITED, carrying- Pal-
ace Sleeping 1 Cars and Dining Cars
I through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily,~ Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m/dally.
4:00 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrtvea at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllnlrwr Chair Cars to Chicago; alao
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Freeno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at S p. m.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPAinr.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oZ ¦ uarket St. .
SAX PKAUCISCO TO SAX7 BA7A2O.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00. »:00. ll:0O a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 0:30 and 11:30
p. m. ¦ -
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 6:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BATAEL TO SAN PBAITCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. »2:0O, 3:40. 6:00. 5:20.
6.25 p. rn. ; \
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:5O. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m,: 1:43,
8:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 0:10. «:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays. '
' Leave J In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 1903. |San Francisco. ;
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week !
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. [ Days. ;
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a S:4Oa 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p - 6:00 p 6:20 p
*6:10p 6:10 p, 6:20 p 7:25 p
,-. . 7:25p
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00a! 8:00a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:.10p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a 7:30 a S 10:20a 10:20a
8:C0a 8:0oa Fulton. 7:23p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p ' 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. :.¦' ~
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:3') p[ 11:30 p| and Uklab, | 7:25 pj 7 23 p
7:30al 7:30a| Willlta. |7:ljp|7:2&p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p!2:3Opl Guernevllle. ( 7:25 pf <S:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p( 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. |C:00p|6:20p
7:30a| 7:30 a! 110:20 a|10:20 a
p| 2:30 p) Sebastopol. |7:2Sp|6:20p
STAGES cennect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at -FL-ltcn tor Altrurla and Mark
Weat Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter. Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly'a, Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Mendodno City. Fort Bragg. -tVestpcrt.
Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Laytonville. Cum-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a Dyer.
Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at
reduced rates. • .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlng.-
H. C. WHITTNG. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
hto san rafael,
san quentin,
mill Valley,
cazadero, etc.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS-(Holluays excepted>-«:4a.
t»7-45 8:45. U:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:45, d:LV
1:15. t5:15. •6:15. 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45* a. m. train week days does not run to
AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8. r»- t'10. 11. tn:30 a, m.. tl2:30 t1:3u.
2-35 »3-50 5 6. 7:30. 8. 11:45 p. ra.
• 'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:15 p. m. Sat-
days. On Saturdays tha 3:15 p. m. train run*
tO FROM*a IAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week uaya-fi:25. J6:25. 7:40. 8:16, V*:^
11:05 a. m.. 12:S0. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50, 5:^0. 6:45.
1 °SU ) NDAYS— 6:15, 7:35. J8:10. 9:40. ' J10:5ft,
111:45 a m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40. t5.&o;
6:55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
¦ Trains marked <t) start from 8an Quentln. !
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Weelt days — 6:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25,
0:45. 11:10 a: m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10:40 p in."
SUNDAYS— «:33. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03
1:06 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 pr nx!
. :*' THROUGH ..TRAINS.
7 : 45 a. m.. week daya — Cazadero and way
atatlona. . ¦- \ ¦'.' :.
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. .
8:15 P. m.. Saturdays — Caiadero and way
¦tattona.; ._ ... * .'
. Sunday* and Legal Holidays— 3 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations,
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market at.
FERBT— Foot ot Market at. ¦
#M^ loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
Tr.o. S. F Collateral Loan Baak. 53S Kearny.
.-TAR Lotn Co. of Wyoming loans money to
>alarl«d employ et. K. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk bid.
CASH leaned ealatied people en note* without
!r.gor»«T. MORttELL. 60a Examiner bid.
MlMCAiu IXSTRVMEXTS.
I.S.OKQ OUR BARGAINS AJ:E:
S Ct-.tckerinps ...: $150 fiS5 $233
1 Filther; upright .• '...$63
J Jfcw<»u; mahogany; new ,$1SJ
1 SchaSer; mahocany; new 1 .51*5
J i;raer?.cn $1S5. $214
Z;Ptein«ray >is p « $J1j
'•i Heine J_J5 to $>t'5
-5 euuares fii to $170
7 organs $10 to $T5
Item* $2 up allowed on purchase; instail-
metts $4 up: runo pla:. tra from $9'^ up:
new pianos from $117 up HKiXE PIANO
CO., ri5-237 Geary st.. «{c.iu tor the Oab-
ler. Krell. Steeer. etc.
A~ SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $1:53. U;i7 Gear>- st.
M'KINWAY uprlCht. '.C.l by private party.
HUi; a great barealn___i|£J_G^ry_jit ;: ______
A 1T.W i^d upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vi-s«. Btertfas. Jaccbsen. brhnech-
t*n. Sherwood. \\>s<-r. Marshall & \\endell.
liatnes. Everett. Knube and cthrrs: easy
ravm.nta. HENJ. CUBTAZ A hON. lb-20
O'Farrei;. No branches in San Francisco.
KAVMKISTER etar.<3s fcr u.M that is gwd In
plfcnu manufacture; a:s>> you «-*n buy ft .nr
a reasonable amount of money. THL. .(SL..NO
KAfVAlS Ml'SIC CO.. 7t£» Market St. All
I'.inr* on tapy lavmratl.
GAR VISITORS — Krfe Cecilian IMano
PUrer concert.* daily *>t BTBON MAUZrs.
Ail are welcome. «'^ Post i-t.^
U*XD Ir.ttrumept*; F. lieston. J^aris. msker.
Ouo Maiwaid. Act. Pac. Ccast. O'Farrell;
ckilliul repairing: instruments sold.
Till; bi K jlaTio sale at CVl'.OX MAUZVP Is a
prand ihaare to i.ufrhase * piano cheap.
.ins port *t. . .
L'NFORSEEX circumstance* cause Bacrlflce of
f.rst-C!aKs j-pefial upright piano. 258 Golden
Gate ave.
I3AHGALN — St*nrtard make upright;- pood con-
dition. SCHMITZ. & CO.. 26 McAllister at.
Vnredeenied Btcrace pianos und furniture dirt
cheap, yrhitrhead'e ttrrage. 1CS6 Market.
A GRAND rti5h at HYUOX MAITZY'S We of
pia.no»; uprights. $r>0 up; b<;uarcs. up.
;;os Post tt.
BEAVTUTL 3-re<2»l Etelnwtiy upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Kee!Te'B,_*5 O'Farrell.
Bl'Y Cl~ect from tne factory ar.d save &0 per
c<r.t. HORM'XU. 210 McAllister si.
CALL fit UVRON MAUZY'P Piano House ani
prt oiices on pianos which will please you.
;;< •*• Pwt st.
KOHLtP. * CHASE. SO OTarrell St.; largest
and oldest piano house. .
liEt-'T renting jMano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CL'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 5<« Hayes st.
hOHMFR, Byron Mauiy piar.os. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAl'ZV. .".QS-312 Post tt.
Fl'PnRI^R vicOinp. lithers. eld and new. H.
MI'LI.rR. rr.sker. nrairfr. 2 I-.«th«m pine*-
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALK.
BARGAINS?'™ '
$2300 — Cottage. 4 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; in fine repair; lovely home; lot
23x114; tunny ride.
$1300— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 23x80; Folsom
St.; Vs block from cars; street work all done.
$3400 — I'-story. 7 rooms; modern; lot 20x125;
fine neighborhood; between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-elxlh sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— Lot 25x125: Fair Oaks St.. between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; eunny side;
fine neighborhood.
$l»C.o— Lot 25x78:«; San Jose ave.. between
Twenty-fifth and Army ets. ; bltuminlzed. and
sidewalk.
$55O— 2 Jots 2Cxll4: Duncan st.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
NEW WAREHOUSE
TO LEASE.
SPEAR ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
3000 SQUARE FEET.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
BETTER THAN ANY BANK. •
$1000 down and ?S0 per month for new nata
near Twenty-Viinth and Mission street*.
$300 down and $20 per month will buy you
cottage. 5 rooms and bath: up to date.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission street.
FOR sale— House S< rms. ; high basement; sunny
elde 13th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no. reaa.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. MKt.
WANTED— An ofier on a house of 8 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120. Call at S\S . cor. Sixth
and Mission sts.. Lemferjjros.' cigar store.
FOR sale— J-"!000; modern fl-room house in best
portion of MiHPicn. 500 Hill «t.. near Castro.
nS0b—2 LOTS: 50x125; 2 frontages :_ 17th Bt:
e*e. for Income city property. Box o3d.. can.
2 NEW flats 5 and 9 rooms; a good buy.
Beaver st.. 'between Noe and Castro.
INVESTMENTS— $1400 up, paying 10 to 15 per
"cent. THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
HOUSES fron~!f2000 to~$40.000'; also other prop-
crty of all kinds. MOSSMAN. 850 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
]6 paeef. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — Counlry— For SitAe -
FOK SALe! . ,_
Orchard and poultry farm; 49 acres; Sonoma
County; 40 miles frcm San Francisco. : . "
2000 full-bearlr.s fruit trees; this yeafs crop
approximately 20.500 lbs cherries, 4000 lbs
Crawford peaches. tiOOO lbs Bartlett pears, 6000
lbe plums. 4000 boxes apples. 3 acres asparagus.
1300 hens. 7 pens fancy fowls, horses. Jersey
cows and heifers.
Large barn, fruit .housea, chicken -house.*,
brooders. Incubators, wagons, harness, farming
and orchard cutfit complete and modern.
Dwelling house 11 rooms; fine shade grove*.
lawns and garden: abundant water.
This year's net Income $4000; distant resi-
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON. 452 Parrott Bldg., S. F.
FOR SALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
This flaming Tokay grape land can be pur-
chased in 10-acrc tracts, in Whitaker A Ray
Colonv. Calt.. Sacramento Co.. Cal.. $400 a
tract." H down: the Tokay grape ripens In thla
OFFICES AXU STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPPXCKELf building, 027 Market et.—
O'fic* to !*>t; rer.t J15; li?ht. heat. Janitor and
te>rhcne. ASHTON A- GARI'INER.
PERSOXALS.
A GRAPKOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
crcs. Make your friends a present. Talking
machine* and records or all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing- headquar-
ter* and ouf tuarar.tee mear.s something.
eOLVMBIA PHOKOGBAPH CO.. 125 G^ary
t>t.. £ F-. and 4<;8 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A — FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and pabby Kkir.. birthmarka,
¦ F.raa!!pcx plttir.es ana tears scientifically re-
aoved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write. I»R. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
locality 4 weeks earlier than In any other part
of the State. Grapes from this locality can be
eeen In the windows at <US Market st.. 11 Mont-
gomery et. and at the Sacramento County ex'.
hibit. ferry building.
CJl'IGGLE. 11 Montgomery St.. care Wood-
ward & Co., hours 9 to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 to 5 p. m.. or address box IS. Gait. Sacra-
menu County. Cal. .
$2000 — 6 ACRES line valley land; elegant
chicken ranch and finest roadside house lo-
cation in Sonoma County; at forks of main
county road; 5-room cottage; house fine or-
der; barn; 2 chickeh-housee; well, windmill;
2 acres orchard; 8 miles north of Santa Rosa.
Particulars. PETERS & BAINES. 116 Mont-
gomery st. ¦
FOR pale — 20 acres. 3 miles from town and
railroad station; 12 acres bearing vineyard.
5 acres bench-grafted resistant vines; house,
barn and well; income last year $1400; a
Kood crop; 1 horse and all tools go; price
! $4S50 Box 111. Sebastopol. Cal.
'¦ ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
i vineyards: Inspected bargalne: monthly cata-
Icerue sent tr*e. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ft4S
Market st.
THE best stock, dairy, fruit and grain ranches
in State. MOSSMAN. S50 Market st.
$10.000 — 40 ACRES rood healthy vineyard near
Hrermcr*. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Llvermore.
A "WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call.
IS paees. In wrappr. for mailing. $1 per year
HOJ5S VALLEV IlEAL. ESTATE.
j $5000 — MODERN Jiome; 8 rooms and bath;
k over half acre of erounds ; shade trees; 30
fruit trees in bearing: large stable and out-
houses: located In that particular spot la
Rrsa Valley that In free from asthma: « min-
utes' walk from San Anseimo station. In-
quire R. R. a«rent at Pan Anselmo.
POIXT RICIIMOXD REAL. ESTATE.
WATt^R front lots -and bargains; all" tracts;
mafr. photo*, etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldtf.
REAL, KSTAT13 TO EXCHANGE.
CALIFORNIA • ranches to exchange for East-
ern property ; free printed list. MOSSMAN,
fcSQ S^rKet. st.
REAL estate 'to exchange; free printed Hit.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau, 850 Market st.
. REAL . ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — To lease (furnished) a good paying
etock and grain ranch for a term of years,
with the privilege-of buying. Box 1038, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
wH^ME^COMRADEs!
DON'T FAIL TO VISIT ALAMEDA;
THE PRETTIEST AND HEALTHIEST
CITY IN THE COUNTRY.
A VERITABLE CITY OF HOMES.
$1300— Fine 6-room cottage; can sell thla on
cae y terms. '.-.•;-']'
$2000 — Modern cottage of 5 rogm;; porcelain
bath; a snap.
12500— This Is a well-appointed house of 7
rooms; porcelain bath; light between the
railroads; near station and schools; lot
40x150; Just see this and you will know
that it is the best buy you ever saw.
£3750 — Beautiful cottage of 8 rooms on Santa
Ciara ave. ; just the home for you.
$.3000 — Beautiful home; almost new; 6-room
house; everything up to date; sunny; good
view; can be bought for $500 down, bal-
ance on easy monthly • payments. :-..•¦;,
$3250 — Swell modern cottage of 6 rooms; nice
lot; well located on Mozart street.. .
$5000 — An artistic cozy home, built for - the
owner; contains 8 rooms; sun all day;
near Chestnut-st.— station; la cheap for
the money; nearly new.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, '
— X 1422 Park st.. Alameda.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA. j
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice D-room cottage and bath.
- ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand UC1. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
12300— COTTAGE of 7. r.; lot 50x100; $1850—
Cottage of 5 r.; large lot: $2700— New house
ofOr.: terms. J.*H. YOUNG. 1243 Park at..
Alameda.
BERKELEY'- ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. :
AN opportunity seldom met with; . I have a
new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, .etc.. on an .improved street,
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in month-
ly installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH'/.. MASON. Real. Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center, Berkeley.
1S07 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe R. R.— Large
8-rcom bouse; high basement; stable, cow
barn, 7 houses for chickens; tot 160x135;
btret't work complete; call and inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN,
2131 Shattuck . ave.. Berkeley.
$4000—3 ACRES on Dwlght way. East Berke-
ley; elegant location; fine.
LEV! J. MORAN.
.' ' < , 2131 'Ehattuck- ave.,' Berkeley.
FINE new. handsome cottages; up to date; all'
-conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1850
to $l<iO0; only $200 cash, balance $10 CO per
month.
W. C ¦ MORAN. Lorln : station, or
• ¦ C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Etation.
NEW. modern houae 10 rooms, near university,
fr,r rale or to rent; $30. Inquire WllAddlson
FACE massage a rpeciaJty, 40c; manicure, 25c;
chatnioo, etc.. 4'jc; at your haaie; ladles and
pentiemen; I give b#st reference^ ; first-class
»ork. ilR. MEL.CESCO. 'M* Ellis et.
THE ?tar Hair Itetaedy restores gray hair, irn-
rrovt? its growih;£tops fa!lSng;cure« dandmS
ar.d itching ecalp: no etain or sttckiness;
cleanses eca!p;at drujrgifrs". hairdressers" ;a.c-
c^pt r.o sub*t!tute. Star Rcmfd yCo. . :iS5Gea ry.
WANJKD — SV9 rr^ea -with scalp diseases; loss
cf hair and ba'-'i^ess prevented <can treat by
tra'l blaiik for ctamp); consultation free;
8 SO" to 6 Bondaya lu to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
G4BLQW. fpt-cla.;i8t. room ei>>. 037 Market.
"V\'ANTEI>— Ladies to know that the RoyaK
*:ioak and fuit Co.. make t*iijr-made suits to
order at factory prices; elvt them a trial.
r.23 Siirket fct-
;\i;T l.c* cheap but hew good. 1« Ihe motto of
the manuracturtrs of the Rapid Rotary
fctar.iard the Eewir.g-mach'.ne of to-day. J.
\Y. EVANS, agent. 1U21 Market st.
I'HT?ICIAN. 15 yeare" experience, cures per-
manently norphine. cocaine habit. Call or
fc<5dro*e Central Pfcanr.acy. 251 Grant ave..
comer Sutter ft. ; fee rr:odc-rate.
2,^-<«^IN(i Tuesday. Thursday. Saturdey and
Sunday evemntrs at T*>utonia Hall. Howard
tt.. near Ninth: niar.agrement Prof. Foster.
AT !es* ti.ar. cost uncalled fcr ruits. cvercoata
ar.d troaaen. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
THE hlirhet-t i.r!ce paid for ladles' or rents'
rart-eff cUshlng end ail articles of value at
WTgOfBEBCa, 1HA Ellia ct.
El BOAST *u:ts on eatv snEtallrnents; SO cents
ar.d up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
It' t St., between ffventh and Elrhth.
BAXCIHART & V.'EYER.
Ccllectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
• NIT A — Send your address to 0O4 Market St.
- CHARLIE.
EI'ITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors.727-729 Market.
ALL Ftyies hainlreEsiriSr. 25c; hair goods; macl-
rurlr.p 25c. <\. LEPERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5tt
MiFflt Clothirjr Parlor, cor. ,Baeh and Dupont«.
M'PEKFLL'UL'd hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Pr.&MrVTTaveree.mOMarkar.
UA6QUEBADS costuaies, play books, v'.gt,
'ccur.trj- orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDl'M'S Egyptian Her.na restores gray
hair to Us natural color; SI; at ell druggists' .
Su-^rfiucus hair and moles removed with elec-
tHc t)p^i», Mr>. & Mir* Eatnn. lilfl Sutter.
PALMISTRV.
MME PEVAS, ecier.tlflc palmist and astrolo-
rlet. Of flee, 2C Liebes bldg.. 130 Post St.; $1
palm readings; 3 questions free.
5 JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor gt.. nf-ar Geary. Phone Clark f»61.
PAPEHUANGIXG. PAIXTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 60 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 311* 3d gt. : tel. Main .413
PUVSICIAAS AXD Sl'RtiEOXS.
3DR 6. C^O"VOT<KT:LJj— Office and reaidence,
1021 Vi M&rkfctfeL. bet. Sixth and feventa.-
liLOOD. *k!n and rertal dlseatea a specialty.
DK. BALL. 1073H Market at. .
KEMOVED — DR WQNG HIM. herto doctor;
treats all diseases of tbe human body; fpr
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary «t^.near Leavenworth.
UR TONG FO CI1Y, euccesaor to Dr. LI • Po
Tal. herb doctor; curea all <Jieeas*s of human
by vse of herbs and teas. 727 Waghlrgton -et. ¦
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All Ala-
rusrr r«ir«^i hy t^hlnefe herhF. 746-B Clay «t
C0LICIT0KS &RB SAXESMEN.
WANTED — 3 or 4 outside men; houee to bouse
proportion; cood thing for hustlers. Apply
room 3. Ill* Washington «t., Oakland, 10-
12 a. tn*. . • • " '
TVPEWIIITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
G IiE aIT^ARC aIn 8 ilN^TT PE WRITERS^W*
••cli better machines for lees money than :-ny
house !n the city; rentals S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, C26 Calif orr.:a;telephone Main 268.
A FEW cood typewriters at $30 each; get par-,
tlculars. L.'A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery »t.
2U-HAKO typewriters «old. rented, repaired.
W«-b* ter Typewriter ln?pec. Co.. 2<>g feansome.
DIVIUEXO XOTICES.
A DIVIDEND of cer.U per share of the
California Schuetien Park and Iiu.'lding Ajs-
nj'.Utlon has been declared, payable on or.
- after August ' So. 10p3. at the office of the
treasurer of the association, Louis Reubold,
il2 Hush et. P. JACOB Y, President.
P.. BREMER. Secretary. ________
PROIU«ALS.
C"FICE of C Q. IS... Vancouver Barracks,
Warn.. July 22. lt»03 — Sealed proposals," in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a- •
X August I'l. 1SC3. and then opened for the
'onetraction at" Vancouver Barracks, vWa«h-t
•-' 1 double barrack. 1 guardhouse, \^ gun-
kheCa and "i workshops. For full informvion,
!::*o« and t ;.• < -.:,¦ r.i:..:. r apply to this office.
t". K. reserves the right to reject or accept
*-y or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
'••lopes containing pronbtals should be mark-
*4. "Prcposals for construction of buildings
•t Vancouver Barracks, Wash.," and a4dre»»-
«» F. U. Uattavvay. C, Q. M. ' »
BAILWAT TBATXL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due t«» arrive »i
1 S»AN FK AN CISCO.
<Maln Liaa, Foot of Market 8 tree* > _
liati — From Arecsr I. lsoi — abbui
7.00a Benlclrv. Suuuo, J&iinlra »nd Sacrm-
mento 7-25v
7.C0a TacarlUe, Winters. Ramsey 725?
7.30* Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Banta Rosa 6 25*
7.30a Nlles, LlTennore. Lathron, Stock-
son 7.25»
8.00 a DaTis, Woodland. Kntxhu Landing,
M.trjrsTiile. OroTille. (connect*
-. » - V. »t >lt»ry«YUIe for Uridley. Bigg*
•ndCbiro) 7.55»
8-OOa Atlantic Express— Ogden snd Ea»c. 10254
8. COa Port Costa, Martinez, Anttoch. By-
roa. Tracy. St<x:kti'n.Sacr.iinentj.
¦ Los Bano*. Mentlota, Han for],
Vlsalla. rorterville r>U£5r
8.00a Port Costa, Martinez. Xraey. Lattl-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresnoi,
Oosnen Junction. Uaolord. VI- ¦"•• -
¦alia, Bakanneld .J 525*
8.30a Shasta Ki press — Da vli, Wltllum*
(for Bartlett Springs). Willow*.
tFr nto. Red Bluff. Portland 7-55*
8.30a Xlles, San Jose. Llvermore, Stock-
ton, lone. Sacrnmento J*iacenr llle.
MarysTllle. Cblco, Red liluff 4 25*
8 30 * OakJale. Chinese. Jamestown. So
nor*. Toolumno nod Angela 4.25v
9.00a Martinet and Way Station* 6-65r
1000a Vallejo 12.25*
410.00a £1 Paso Paaaeosrer. Eaatbounil. — -.
Port Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Latnrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fre»m>, Han- . ' \
ford. Vlsalla, IJaUTstlcld. Los
Angeles and El Paiio. (West-
bound arrives via Const Line).. . <1.30T
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ugdcn.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. 825P
1200k Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. 3-25*
1 1 .00* Sacramen to River S te»mer». til .CO*
3 30p Brali-la, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Williams. Colu*a.Wll-
lows. Knights Landing. Marya.
Tllle. Orovlile and way ttatlons. . 10-55*
3 30p Hayward, Nlles and W:ty Stations.. 7-55*
4. COp Martinez.San Knmoo.VaUejo.Napa.
Callstoga. Sant» Ro«a. §¦?.«
4. COp Martlni»i.Tn»cy.Latbro!>,Stoekton. 10.25a
400* Nlles, Llvermore. Su>cStoa. Lodl.. f 425*
430r Hafwarri. Kiles. Irf Ington. San I t8.55 4
Jose. Llvermore \ 11 1.65*
5. COp Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Ba2ersfleld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at Saugus fur Santa Bar-
bara. 8.53a
SCO* Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton. Los
Banoa 12.25*
t6-30r Hayward. Nile* and San Jo*e 7.25a
i 6-00* Hayward, Nile* and San Jose....... 10254
6.00* Oriental Mall— Osden. Denver.
Omataa. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Car pas- ,
stDgers only out of S«n Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
passengers take 7. CO r. u. tmla
to Hcno. continuing thence In
their car* a r.x. train e«*tward.. 4.289 S
IFeetbound, Sanset Limited.—
From Sew York. Chicago, New
OTlesns, El Paso, Los Angeles.
Fresno, Berenda. Raymond (fros
Toeemlte), Martinez. Arrives.. 8 23a
7X0* Ban Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations. 11.25a
*7.C0* Vallejo 7.65*
7-00* Port CoMa. Benlcl*. Sulsnn. Davis,
Sacramento. Trnckee. Reno.
Stop* at all stations east of
Sacramento 7S5a
8X5r Oregon ft California Express— S*e- - .
ramento, Mar&srtlle, Redding.
• Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55 *
:8.10* Bayward. Nile* and San Joie (Son-
day only) ZX 111.55 a
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
•emlte). Fre»n«. Hanford, Vl-
salla, Bakersfleld 1225»
COAST LINE (Sarrew «aa*e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
"j7-45a Santa Crux Excursion (Sunday .
only).. t8-tO*
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Frlton, Bonlaer Creek. Santa
Crna and Way Stations JL... 825*
t2.15* Newark, Centenrllle. Saa Joae.
New Almaden. Los Gri ton.Feiton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations ......... 1055a
4.16* Newark, San Jose. Loa Qatot and
way ttatlons. (on Saturday and
Sunday runs throngb to Baata
Cruz; lAlondsj only from Santa
Craz). Connects at Kelton to
' and from Bonlder Creek f8-TO<,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN r'KAM CISCO, root of Market St. (Slisl)
-«:1S 9:00 11:00a.m. TOO 300 515*.*
{ From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 (3:01
ta:05 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 4.00*.M.
COAST LINE <Uroaa «aag»).
ry (Tnlrd and Totrnsend Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way S.tailon».. ....... 7.30*
+7 COa San Jose and W»r Station* 8.30*
/8.00a New Almaden (Toe*.. Frld.) /4.10*
17.15a Monterey and Santa Craa Excur-
sion (Sunday only) J3.30»
• COa Coast Llfie Limited— Stops only San
Jose,Gllroy.HoUlster,Pajaro.Cas-
troTlUe. SaSlaa*. Ban Anlo. Pa*o
Robles. Santa Margarita, San Lnta
Oblspo.(prlncipalrtatlon*thence)
Ban taBarbara, Sangria and Loa An*
geles. Connection at Caatrovllis -
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bonnd
from Capltola aad SantaCnu.... 10.48V
BXOa San Joae. Trea Plnos. Capltola,
SantaCruz.PaciflcOroTe.Salinaa,
Ban Lais Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.18*
! Westbound SI Pa*o Passenger.—
From Cnic»go..El Paao. Los As-
reles, Santa Barbara. Arrtvea.. 1.30*
1038a g M Jose and Way Buttons........ 1.20*
11 COa Cemetery Passenger— SouUj Saa
.. _„ Francisco, Saa Bruno ilO6>
11.30a Ean Jose, Los Gatos'and Way 8ta-
,,. tlons B.J8*
•1-30* San Jose and Way Station* ... .... x 7. 00p
2.0C* San Jose aad Waj SuUons 19.40a
Z.30* Cemetery Passenger — Soutn San
*»«« Francisco. San Bruno 435* •
T >«.C0P Del Monte Express— Santa Clara, • .
Ban Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at S.anta
Clara for Santa Cms. Bonlder
x sn. and Narrow Gauge Points) M2.18*
••40* Baritngame, San Mate o. Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
/Clara, San Jose, Gl'.roy (conneo- ' ¦
tlon for HollUter, Tres Pino*),
Pajaro (connection for Watson* ' '
vtJle. Capitola and Santa Cms),
Puclflc Grove and way nation*. ¦¦<•* ; .-.-.
Connects at CastrovlU* for Sa- '
-_ ' Unas..... 10.48a
*-5«' Saa Jose and Way Stations 838a
To-00* San Jose, (via Ssnta Clara) Loa
Gatog.AVrishtand Principal W»y
.__- Station? ; f9.C0*
Jf-30* SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatloBf t3.0Ofc
TB.16* 8anMateo.Bere8ford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
e w. c MeB l°P»rlE- Palo Alto „.„ t84«A
••S2* San Jo»e and Way Stations. 8.38a
74)0* Sunset Limited, Eaatboand.— San
Lais Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles. Demlng. El Pano. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
• i(^_ trr l T « STl ** i *nJoa<julnV8llcy)... r8-25*
¦ • CO* Palo Alto an.1 Way Stations......... 10.15*
• 11-3CP MiUbrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
• 11-30* Mnfbra'eVsaa* JeaV "and* way's ts> ¦ t8 - 8 " f
»°n» ..: t9.45*
v e.f f 5 r MornlB lf- ¥ tor Aiteraoea.
X 8«turdaj and Sunday only. •
I Stops at all stations on Sunday. . ' '
t Sunday excepted. {Sunday only.
« 8atnrday only. . , • • .- •
d Connecu at Gosbea Je. with tnrina for Haaiord
. _,, Vlsalla. At Fresno, for Vlsalla Tla Sanger.
• Via Coast Line. / Tuesday aa<l Friday.
m^. rrt J e Ti * X1IM - " D*JlJ except Satarday. ¦
v Via San Joaquin Valley. -
- 1 Stops Santa Clara sooth bound only. Connect*.
f«ept Sunday, for all point* Narrow Gangs.
t»~Only train* atopptng at Valencia St. s< uthbooa*
are 5:10 a.*.. 11:U> a j».. 2:30 r.v. and «:M t.*-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Siusiiio tvrj Arrive
Saa Fran. to* >f MartM R r ' San Pran. .
Week San- gm^ / Sun- I Week
Day». days Jtfgf&rfffi^ d.iy« Days.
B;45a "STooX K^SS&ieh HiOOn tt": l"5*
l:45r 9:OOa IWt^gQiBB 19:S0p3:30p
S:15p1O:OOa \ftpg^^^y 3:3Op S:5Op
, 2:35 r S:OOr *** ,'
jatartayi «aly. i»n ftwaY 9:3O*,*rrtT»iy. lltSOt>
neat t &» M«wt St.. (North Shore Railroad)
tfflCS { aad Sausauto Fkx&y, Foot Maram Sc
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND URAL ESTATE.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1003 Broad-
way.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San Fr»n-
clfco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rura' homes.
OAKL.AM) KliRSlTliKE FUR SALK.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd j
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 634, near Twenty-first — Furnished houae-
keepirg rooms; very desirable . • - _
EDDY, 207 — Furnished front and sunny rooms '
for housekeeping; no transient allowed.
FIFTH, 853 — Three housekeeping, 2 bed, $20
per month; 3 2-bed, $13.50 month; 2, $13; sin-
Ble rooms. >6 to $7. \
FOLSOM. 754. near Third — Large sunny
_ front room; folding bed. gas. grate, water
handy: another room for housekeeping.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for \
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st. %
KEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished or partly fur-
nished rooms; newly papered; no children.
STOCKTON, 120(5 — Model house; nicely fur-
nlshed:$5-$12; front; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
TURK S10 — Nicely furnished, sunny house-
keeping rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
VALENCIA. 822— Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove. -
A BRANCH office for Call-advertiF«n-.ents and
subscriptions has been establishwl at. 11W6
Valencia st. *
APAETMSNTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located *on the north side of
Pine et., between Hyde SLnd Leavenworth; a
cuperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure .here an unfur-
• nlthed S-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
cloFet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET— Cum. and t'nfurn.
A BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms
2tSc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $o per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlsht. ¦
AT "The Almonte," 673 Marke'. at. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. Jl 50 night;
%\ 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments: fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND, Slf) — Two furnished rooms, $10.
DUNCAN, 118%. near Guerrero — Large fur-
nished sunny room.
FOLSOM. 764, near Third — Large sunny front
room, suitable for two; two single rooms.
FOR rent during G. A. R. Encampment— 2
fine sunny front rooms; accommodations for
2 persons each; 10 minutes' walk to city;
near Nob Hill; private family; reasonable.
Box 1033. Call office. ¦
GILLESPIE House. 119 Ninth st. — Nicely fur-
nished rooms. 50c to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
I GRAND Southern. 7th, and Mission— Rooms 50o
j to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HAYE3. 009, corner Laguna — Three sunny
rooms and yard: rent reasonable.
HOTEL, GRAYSTONE
C6 Geary st.; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnifhed suites, with baths and singles.
j JESSIE, .159— Nicely furnished front room;
grate, gas, phone; $7; gentlemen.
LARKIN, 81»H — Large sunny front room; 2
or 4 gentlemen; 75c per night. • !
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec eights: day. week. mo.
POST. 1064 — New and elegantly furnished
rooms. In suites or single; *as, electric lights
and hot bath; something fine.
SUTTER. 800 — Three beautiful new furnished
rooms and bath. " |
SW. CORNER Sixth and Howard — 200 rooms
at 15c, 25c and 50c per night; from. $1, $2,
|4 a week; open all night.
TURK. 1218— Nice sunny front room, conven-
lent to town. »
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
night: SI 75 to S6 week; elevator; electrio
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.,. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to fl 50 night; f2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. '¦¦
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single: billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. &07 California st. — Attractive in-
terior; exceptional table: free billiard-room.
GOOD room and board at 323 First st.
SPECIAL XOTICES. £
DOCTORS and nurses — Candidates for chief
surgeon and for chief nurse at the French
Hospital are called. Address to the office of
the French Mutual Benevolent Society. 316A
Post st. on or before 6 o'clock Wednesday
August Ifl. l»03. V. CARPET. -Secretary.
x specialTsts.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS^ andNOISES in EARS
poeltlvely cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.' ;
I STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Poat and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 911. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.; tel. Math 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices. sent by-
mall will not be Inserted. They 1141st be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of . per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
SOBN.
DE HAVEN— In this city, August 16. 1003, to
the wife of E. M. de Haven,- a son.-
HELD— In this city, August 14, 1903. to the
wife of Fredrick W. Held, a son.
TffAKBIED.
TANNER— FAILS— In this city, August 10.
1U03, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Chi'rch,
Charles de Witt Tanner of Little Falls. N.
Y., and Hattlc Henrietta Falls of West
Berkeley. -
~~ DIED.
Bacon. Thomas E. Kelly, Charles E.
Bouse. Thomas J. Kukuljlca, Carolina
Carlln, Rodger . Lennon. James H.
Clough.- Z. M. P. Long; Emma T.
Crew, Molina Lowney, Jeremiah
Dietz, Louis / Miller, Charles W.
Dornblerer, Aline Moffat. John R.
Dray, Nancy J. Mulcahey, Catherine
Fors. Peter C. Nee, John :
Gorevan. Mary Oftermann,~ Geo. D.
Guldner, Edward E. Puckhaber, Harry C.
Haley. John Reichstetter. Gottlieb
Harrington, Capt. M. Reuter, Henrtette M.
Heydenaber, H. Jr. ; Sample, Robert A'. '
Hunt. George W. ; Stewart. Isabella 'M.
Joost. Anna C. Tully, Sarah -
Judge. Kate O. _Van Allen. Mrs.*L.
BACON— In this city. August 15. 1903, Thomaa
E. Bacon, beloved hufband of. Mary C. Ba-
con, a native of New York. . aged 37 j ears » .
months and 11 days.
BOUSE— In this city. August 14. 1903, Thomas
J. Bouse;' beloved son of ; Margaret ; Haynes
and the late Thomaa Bouse, stepson of the
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale 120 Horses
August 17, at ii a. m., at
J. B. KORAN'S STOCKYARD.
Cor. ioth and Bryant Sts.
By order of G. H. MEISS of Montague. CU.,
I will sell at public auction 120 broken and
unbroken horses; alao a carload of fine year-
ling and two-year-old colts.
. S- WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
BIG AUCTION SALE OF -^
1000 HORSES
The' first consignment of this lot will be sold on
THURSDAY. Aug. 20. at 11 a. ra..
At SUNSET SALES YARDS. ISO /VALENCIA
ST., near Thirteenth.
If you want good sound young horses or
mares at your own price* don't fail to attend
this sale, as they must and will be sold to the
highest bidder.
S. WAT KINS. Auctioneer. 122 Grov at.
&* t £* £*
AUCTION SALK OF nORSES. WAG0N9.
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY. Aug. 19. at 11 a.
m. Arcade Howe Market. 327 Sixth st.
Every horse must be as represented or no aale.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respeet-
tully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30. o'clock, from her late
residence, 627- Ca*tro street, thenc* to Holy
Redeemer Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her eouI. commencing at & o'clock. In-
terment Hcly Cross Cemetery.
VAN ALLEN— In Robb, August 16, 1903. en-
tered Into rest, Mrs. Laura. E. Van Allen,
beloved mother of Mrs. Callsta B. Farr.
Mrs. isdward Bosqul and Mrs. Charles D.
'Haven.
Cy Interment private.
Harry C, beloved husband of Louisa Puck-
haber, .«on of Louia H. and Anna S. Puck-
haber. and brother of Mrs. . Minnie L. -Bou-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 26 yeara
8 months and 18 days. - ¦.."."¦ .
CDTrlerds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral cervices
to-day Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late
. residence. 3*25 Seventeenth street, be-ween
Sanchez and Noe, thence to Masonic em-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery "V**"?,.,:
2:30 o'clock, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. M. Crema-
tion I. o. O. F. Cemetery. '^
CALIFORNIA i Council No. - 1. Daughters of
Liberty— Officers and members are requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Harry Puckhaber. to-day, at 2:30 o clock,
from Masonic Temple, Po«jt and Montgomery
street*. LAURA CAUTIES, Secretary. .
REICHSTETTER— In this city. August lo.
1&03.; kt h la residence. 716 Railroad avenue-
south. Gottlieb Reichstetter. dearly beloved
hasbana of Anna Reichautter. and bclovea
father of Harry. George. Annie. William.
Gottlieb Jr.. Frederick. Charles and Mat-
thew Heichstetter. a native of Forthelm.
Wurtemburg.- Germany, aged 66 years 4
months and 6 days. A member of Hermann
Lodge No. 145. I. O. O. F. (Louisville. Ky.,
and Cincinnati papers pleaaa copy.) - *
ETTrieiids imd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock., from his late
resl.1er.ee, 716 Railroad avenue south, corner
Tenth avenue south. South San Francisco.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. S
REUTER— In this city. August 16. 1903, llen-
rlette M. M.. beloved wife of William Reu-
ter. and devoted mother of Carl. Gertrude,
Clara and William Reuter Jr., a native or
Stade, Germany, aged 54 years 10 months
and 13 days. .
SAMPLE— In this city. August 16. 1003. Rob-
ert A., dearly beloved husband of Mary J.
Sample, j and devoted father of Isabell and
the late Willie Sample, a native of QOunty
Derry. Ireland, aged 34 yeara 8 months and
10 days. , ., ,
STEWART— In thla city. August 18, 1903, Isa-
bella Margarett Stewart, beloved daughter
of Robert L. and the late Jane Clark, and
sister of Robert L. Jr. and Fred W. Clark.
Mrs. W- Loveland. Mrs. J. E. Shand and tha
late J. C.. Clark, a native of California. .
E7Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
•;tend the funeral Tuesday, Auguat 18, 1003.
; at 1 o'clock, from the residence of her
father, 861 Greenwich street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TULLY — In this city. August 14. 1903, Sarah,
beloved wife of the late P. F. Tully. and
dearly beloved mother of Margaret. James
and Charles Tully, Mrs. F. "H. Ktmball.
Mrs. . E. F. Ring and the late Mrs. L. J.
Luttlcken; a native of Scotland, aged £>u
years.
late Richard Haynes. and t brother ' of the
late Mrs. S. McKee and Margaret Bou*e, a
native oi San Franci3co, aged 40 years. ;
O*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 1140 Alabama street, thence to_ St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem hign
ma.«« will be celebrated.for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ,
CARL1N— In this city, August 10.^1903, Rod-
ger, beloved husband of Ellen Carlta. and
loving brother of Edward and Thomas Car-
lin, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
07 years. '¦ «•
CLOUGH— In this city. August 15 1903, Z. M.
P. Clough, b*-ioved husband of _Lucy E.
Clough, and father of William. J. P^, Gtorge
A. and Alton H. Clough, Mrs. F._P. Cook.
Mrs. R. F. George, Mrs. E. S. DeardorfT.
Mrs. A A. Powell and the late Frank M.
Clough, a natlvg of Alabama, aged 16 yea-s
C^The -unerHl will take place tc-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 443 Fillmore street. Friends are re-
spectfully invit?d to attend. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
CREW— In this city, August 15, 1903. Molina
Crew beloved daughter Of Laura and the
late Henry C. Crew, . and sister of Thomas
N. and Alexander Crew, a native of Lon-
don. England, aged 42 yeara 6 .months and
1 day. ->,
IC»"FrIeriils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, August IS, 1903, at 10 o'clock, at
the remdonce cf her brother, 541 Lombard
street, between Stockton and Powell. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DIETZ— In this city. August 16, 1903. Louts,
belt ved fathfcr of Frank. Charles and Louis
Dletz and Mrs. Nellie Hebener. a native of
Germany, aged 71 years 5 months and 6
days.
DORNBIERER— In this city. August 15, 1003,
Aline Dornblerer. beloved wife" of James
DornbleJer. mother of Mm. Constance Chaw.
slater of Adrien and Sebastien Pidancet, ana
mother-in-law of Adrien Chais. a native of
France, aged <!0 years 7 months and 9 days.
- C7" Funeral services Tuesday, Augun IS.
, 101M, at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Julius S.
Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. Jntennent
' private, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DRAY— In this city. August 15, 1903, Nancy
Jane, beloved wife of Calvin H. Dray, and
mother of William F. Dray and Mrs. Sarah
E. Byers. a native of Colorado, aged 55 yeara
1 mortth and 22 daye.
B^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Central M.
E. Church, Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Remains at the home of his
son, 1026 Golden Gate avenue, between Scott
and Devlssidero streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. , ¦-«
FORS — In this city. August-16. 1903, Peter C.
beloved husband of Isabella Fora, and father
of Aloysius Milcbtor Fors, a native of Gel-
leburg, Sweden aged 83 years 3 months and
14 days. A member of the Amalgamated
Sheet Metal Workers' Union No. 67. and of
the Independent Order of Foresters, Court
Southern Heights No. 1150.
tu?"Tne funeral will take place to-mcrrcw
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 17 Clyde street, off Townsend. between
Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GULDNER— In Oakland, August 15. 1903, Ed-
ward Everett Guldner, beloved son of Mar-
garet Guldner. and brother of Earnest F.,
' Walter A. and Alice E. Guldner, a native Of
Oakland, aged 17 years 3 months and 21
days.
GOREVAN — In this city, August 13, 1903.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Gorevan, and loving mother of James, Ella,
Anna and Agnes Uorevan, Mrs. Loula Vin-
cent «.nd the late Theresa, John. William
and Joseph Gorevan, a native of Kings
County, Ireland, aged 70 yeara 7 months and
8 days.
t-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 17. at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1825 Clay street, thence to St. Brigid a
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a solemn requiem high maia Will
be celebrated for the repoae of her soul,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HALEY — In this city, August 16, • 1003, John,
beloved husband of Nora Haley, and father
of Agnes, George and Frank Haley and Mrs.
Charles Boehn, a native of County Kerry,
• Ireland.
HARRINGTON— In this city. August 15, 1903.
Captain M. H. Harrington, beloved husband
of Mary K. Harrington, loving *f*ther of
Florence Harrington, and son of Mrs. N. O.
Berry of Appleton, Me., a native of Maine.
(Appleton and Rockland. Me., papers please
copy.) .
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi.
dence, 23S Ehotwell street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
HEYUEXABER- In this city. August 16, 1903,
Henry Jr.. dearly beloved son of Henry and
Annie Heydenaber, and loving brother of
Annie Marie Heydenaber. a native of San
Franclcco, aged 3 months and 6 daya.
BJ^Frtendh and acquaintancts are respect-
fully lovlted.tr. attend the funeral services
Tuesday, Auguat 18. 1003. at 10 o'clock, at
the residence of his parents. 2030 Powt-.il
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.Mrs. Rose /W. Pllcher and Miss' Birdie
Pllcher of East Oakland are still at Camp Va
cation,', in Sonoma County.
A successful at home was held at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Kenney, 623 Mer
rimac street, Wednesday, August 12, by the
Gaelic League for the benefit of their booth at
St. • Francis de Sales' fair, which j will be held
during the latter part of September. The
house was appropriately decorated. The-even
ing was spent in the rendition of vocal and
Instrumental music and in dancing. Those
present were Rev. William Cantwell, Mr. and
Mrs. N. Collins. Mrs. M. Hanley, Misses Ger
trude and Katherine Hanley, Mrs. James No
lan, Miss Nolan, Mrs. J. Marcovlch, Miss Mar
covich, Mrs. Piedaux, Miss Lilly, Annie and
Addle Predaux, Mrs. J. Rooney. Miss Mamie
Rooney, Mrs. J. Rooney, Mis* Denham, Mrs.
D. Clark, Misses Hazel and Reglna .' Clark.
Mrs. P. J. Ryan. Misses Fleming, Miss Ta
hamy, Mrs. M. Spencer. : M)ss Alice; Spencer.
Misses Alice and/Bessy Kearney, Mrs. C. Set
tler, Mrs. C. Tufcker, Miss Ivy Tucker, Miss
M. Murphy, ; Ml*s Bessy MoElligot. Mrs. M.
Callaghan, Miss Josephine Hunt, . Miss Gllli
gan. Miss Nellie Coakley, Mrs. Freary, Miss
Freary, Miss Christine Schramm, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Edward Stertin, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Kenny,
Misses Verdi,: Helen and Delphlna Kenny,
Masters Edmund Kenny and. J.' F. ' Kenny
Jr., J. D. Scott, J. J. Healey, Frank Murphy.
J.Dunn. G. F. Hannlfln, T. Morton. Rankin
F^_Schlmmel.
Mrs. Herbert GaskiU will be the guest of
honor at a small ' affair which will be given
next Saturday by the Misses Larkey. Mrs.
GaskiU has been entertained considerably dur
ing her visit here. Miss Nettie Stevens and
Miss Marcaret Olcese both having been hos
tesses, at pleasant affairs. > Mrs. GaskiU has
been the guest of her brother, D. Edward Col
lins, and expects to return to her home in Den
ver In about! two weeks.
Miss Sevilla Harden Is to be the hostess
next Tuesday atternoon for two of her girl
friends who are to leave Oakland shortly for
a trip East, Miss Ruth Kales and Miss Arllne
Johnson. About sixty guests have been In
vited. On the following Thursday Miss John
son will give a farewell luncheon at her
home.
OAKLAND. Augr. 10.— The card party given
yesterday afternoon by Miss Eva Yorker in
honor of Mrs. Herbert GaskiU (nee Collins)
was a very charminc affair. The residence
on Harrison street was decorated and several
delightful hours were passed In playing
euchre. The score cards were unusually pretty,
each being a large pink rose, pinned to the
ccrsage with green ribbon. The first prizs.
an exquisite china cup and saucer, went to
Miss Nettle Stevens, and the second, for
which everybody drew and which was a very
dainty brass candlestick, fell to the lot of
Miss Carolyn "Williamson. • Among Miss York
er's guests were Mrs. Herbert Duncan Gas
kill. Mrs. Fred Stolp, Miss Larksy, Miss Edith
Larkey, Miss Elizabeth Scupham. Miss Ger
aldlne Scupham, Mrs. Linda Bryan. Sun
Hrancisco; Miss May Reis, San Francisco;
"jfliss Tillie Feldman, San Francisco; Mrs. A.
"ti. Larkey, Miss Esttlle Kleeman. Miss Wil
helmina Koenlg, Mrs. A. F. . Merrlmati Jr.,
Miss May Morriso/i, Miss Margaret Olcese,
Mrs. 11. P. Carlton, Miss Noble, Miss Cora
Bailey. Mrs. Shelby Martin, Miss Grace Bard
shar, Miss Nettie Stevens, Mrs. Frederick W.
Morse. Miss Apphia Vance, Mrs. Frank Mc-
Laughlln, Mrs. C. H. Tower (nee Kendall),
Miss Anna White, Miss Kale White, Mrs. W.
E. Milwain, Miss Beauvals, Mrs. F. C. Wat
son, Miss Miller. Miss Marlon Miller, Miss
Bright Wallace, Miss Carrie Williamson, Miss
Elsie Bennett.
OAKLAND SOCIETY
Trapper'aOll cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c na.sk. Klchard & Co- 4UG Clay. •
George Bronson Howard, nephew of
Bronson Howard the well-known play
wright, is at the California. He is a
member of the New York- Herald staff
and is on his way to the Philippines.
Death of a Pioneer.
Jeremiah Lowney died suddenly at his
residence. 706 San Jose avenue, early yes
terday morning and the Morgue was no
tified. Chief Deputy McCcrmick went to
the residence, and after learning the
facts allowed the body to remain there.
The deceased was TO years of age, and for
more than forty years he conducted the
business of a blacksmith at 426 Ninth
street He retired several years ago and
since then the business has been carried
on by his sons. He was a robust old man
and was able to be out on Saturday.
Heart disease Is supposed to have been
the cause of death. His brother Timothy
was at one time Superintendent of Streets.
Fountain Pen News.
To fit your hand it is necessary to buy
where all grades of the best makes are
in stock. The "Waterman," "Swan" and
"Marshall" fountain pens fill every want.
Prices SI to S5 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Nebraska to Indorse Boosevelt.
LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 16.— There is no
strife for places on the ticket to be
named by the Republican State cdnven
tion that will meet here Tuesday. J. B.
Barnes, the only candidate for Associate
Justice, will be named by acclamation.
There are five candidates for the two va
cancies on the Board of University Re
gents. There is a unanimous demand for
the party endorsement of the administra
tion of President Roosevelt and the reso
lutions expected to declare for" his re
nomination in 1904:
Pocketbook Was Not Stolen.
A pocketbook belonging to Isaac Rltter
of the South Dakota delegation of the
Grand Army, which was reported to have
been stolen from him Friday night, was
found In a rear room at Stockton and
O'Farrell streets on Saturday morning
by a. Chinese who was cleaning the place.
The contents were intact. The pocket
book was handed to Detective Whitaker
yesterday morning and by him delivered
to Rltter. It had dropped out of Ritter's
pocket.
Koenlr*te!n's Red Salve is economical.
One Jar will cur© most cases of skin com
plaint. •
YACHTSMEN CBUISE
IN A LIGHT BREEZE
Corinthian Fleet Beturns From An
nual Bun Up the Sacramento
Biver.
Yesterday was a Quiet day among the
yachtsmen of San Francisco Bay. Some
of the boats of the California and San
Francisco clubs cruised in the upper bay,
dropping anchor at Paradise Cove.
Among the Corinthian yachts which
were cruising were the yawls Seven Bells,
Frolic and Phyllis, and the sloops Genes
ta, Clara, Fleetwing and Merope. Many of
the neet lay at moorings all day. Frank
Stone's sloop Presto was under way, as
also was Robert Vincent's yawl Iola of
the California Yacht Club.
The Corinthian yachts which were on
the annual cruise up tne Sacramento
River last week had a hard time to make
their moorings yesterday, as the breeze
was light and a flood tide was running
strongly. The sloop Clara started on Sat
urday night from Tiburon and dropped
anchor off Marin Islands. The Corinthian
yachts due to return yesterday were the
t-loop Emma, which carried Commodore
E. F. Sager's flag during the up-river
cruise; the sloops Speedwell, Belle, Josle,
Meteor, Aeolus and Sea Fox. A good
breeze was blowing in the channel, but
elsewhere little wind was stirring.
Some men have to go broke before they
will attempt to break themselves of bad
habits.
SKULL FBACTUEED IN A:
A BARROOM BRAWL
William Humphrey Stricken Down
by Unknown Assailant and May
Die From Injuries.
William Humphrey, a ship rigger, who
resides In the Potrero, was taken to the
City and County Hospital yesterday after
noon, suffering from a fracture of the
skull. Humphrey had been drinking heav
ily and was visiting various saloons in
the Potrero. It is said that he became en
gaged in a free-for-all fight in one of
these places and during the mlx-up some
one 'hit him on the head.
Detectives were at once put at work on
the case, but so far have not been able to
discover who Humphrey's assailant is.
The physicians at the hospital say that
the injured man is very low and may not
recover.
Charged With Stealing Milk.
John Mason, driver of a milk wagon,
was arrested by Officer Belyea on Mission
street at 4 o'clock yesterday morning and
charged with petty larceny. Mason was
seen to pick up a bottle of milk- from the
doorstep of W. H. Stevenson, where 'it
had been previously delivered by another
milkman. Stevenson had been missing
his milk for some time, and he watched
for the thief, with the 'result that Mason
was caught.
Han and Woman Change Clothes.
Henry Daniels, a stevedore, and Maud
Rodriguez, a waitress, conceived the Idea
early yesterday morning of changing
clothes and taking a walk along Pacific
street between Sansome and Montgom
ery. They were arrested by Policemen
Peshon and 'Conley and booked at the
City Prison ' for masquerading in each
other's attire. They were released on $10
cash bail eaca.^99h|
S. E. Peterson, 909 Kearny street, re
ported at police headquarters yesterday
morning that he intrusted a man to carry
his gripsack, containing wearing apparel
and other articles, but the man failed to
materialize and had apparently appropri
ated the gripsack and contents. M. ! D.
Burns of the Lacey '"-House, 624 Market
street, reported that a man had called on
Saturday afternoon with an order for a
gripsack belonging to G. A. Peaster of
Portland, Or. xne order was forged. The
gripsack contained underclothing and
other personal effects.
Lose Their Gripsacks.
The leading: banks are our customers. They
know of Mysell-Rolllns' rood work at 22 Clay. •
On Sunday. August 23, the California North
western Railway will run an excursion to
LTklah through that most picturesque section of
the Stat» — Marin. Santa Rosa and Uuesian
River Valleys — charging on'.y $2 for the round
trip. Each ticket cold Insures a esat. for the
company will not Bell a sine!" ticket above
the number cf eeats provided. They will be
on eale commencing: Monday. August 17, at
ticket office, 650 Market street < Chronicle
building) and at Tiburon Ferry. Time of de
parture from Tiburon Ferry '"'HI b* 8:30 a. m.;
from Ukiah on the return. 5:00 p. m. •
TJkiah Excursion.
When questioned regarding the attack,
Edwards replied that he had a faint recol
lection that something had happened, but
he could not remember what it was or
where it took place. His wife was per
mitted to see him, but he failed to recog
nize her, though she spoke to him repeat
edly and called him by name.
Mike McQuade, one of the prisoners who
was attacked by Edwards, is still in a
precarious condition at the City and Coun
ty Hospital. His skull is fractured. The
physicians say that he has a chance of
recovery, though it is exceedingly slim.
Harry Edwards, the prisoner who made
such a desperate attempt to kill three of
his fellow-prisoners and Guard John Wen
del on Saturday became calm yesterday
for the first time since the attack, and
the straltjacket was taken off him. He
appeared to be in a dazed condition and
did not know where he was.
Says He Remembers Nothing of
Brutal Attack on Fellow Pris- -.
oners and Guards.
EDWARDS IS RELIEVED,
OF STRAITJACKET
Pepina had been a partner in the salocn
at €23 Pacific street with A. Delina, but
sold out his interest on June S. He had
been drinking since that time and was in
a despondent mood because he could not
rind work. On Saturday night he was
drinking in the saloon and remarked that
he had but $5 left and when that was
gone he would kill himself.
He went to his room shortly before 2
o'clock yesterday morning and about an
hour later Delina heard the report of a
shot. He did not go to Pepina's room till
about € o'clock and found him lying across
the bed dead, with a revolver clutched in
his rieht hand. Detectives Ryan and
Taylor made an Investigation and came to
the conclusion it was a suicide.
Peter Pepina committed suicide early
yesterday morning in his room at €23 Pa
cific street by shooting himself in the
head with a revolver. He was a native of
Switzerland. 22 years of age and unmar
ried. The body was removed to the
Morgrle.
ing: a Bullet into His
Brain-
FORMER SALOON-KEEPER
GROWS TIRED OF LIFE
Peter Pepina Commits Suicide by Fir-
The party broke up at a late hour after
a most enjoyable evening. There were
present Right Eminent Sir Knights F. W.
Sumner, J. F. Merrill and W. F. Pierce,
past grand commanders; J. C. Campbell,
past commander: W. H. Jordan, prelate;
Clarence M. Smith, past prelate, and A. J.
Delamar, all of Golden Gate Commandery,
Ean Francisco; R. E. G. W. Prescott and
B. H. Langley, past grand commanders,
and J. H. Robertson, eminent pas-t com
mander, all from Minnesota, but now res
idents of this city.
Clarence M. Smith, past prelate of
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights Temp
lar, tendered a banauet in the red room
of the Bohemian Club last Saturday
evening to a party of Sir Knights, the
occasion being the presentation of a past
grand commander's jewel from the Grand
Commandery of Minnesota to Risht Em
inent Sir Knight George W. Prescott, its
lirst grand commander. The presentation
was made by Right Eminent Sir Knight
Benton H. Langley, also a past grand
commander of the same jurisdiction,
deputed for that purpose by the present
grand commander, Right Eminent Samuc-l
S. Kilington.
Covers were laid for ten and each place
was filled. The, elaborate banauet occu
pied several hours, enlivened by much
discussion and merriment, after which
the host. Sir Knight Smith, Introduced
Sir Knight Langley, who made a felici
tous address in investing Sir Knight Pres
cott with the jewel, to which the recip
ient fittingly responded. Each Sir Knight
present then answered to the call made
upon him in a congratulatory address full
of fraternah feeling, pathoes, wit and an
ecdote.
Red Room of the Bohemian Club Is
Scene of a Merry
Banquet.
SIB KNIGHTS GATHER
AROUND FESTAL BOARD
Webber was a member of the firm of
Webber, Butts and Weske and was one of
the foremost practitioners In Sonoma
County. He had been out with a party
cf friends Saturday night and did not re
turn to his apartments until after 7
o'clock yesterday morning. That was trrb
last seen of him by his friends. He had
partially disrobed preparatory to retiring,
but the bed had not been used. When
discovered one of his arms and his head
were resting against a trunk and the
other arm stretched out under the bed.
There was a slight discoloration oT the
neck as if made by striking the trunk in
falling.
Webber was born in Jefferson County,
Wisconsin, In 1S69. He served for a time
as claims' clerk of the Santa Fe Rail
road at Topeka, Kansas, and came to
Santa Rosa about twelve years ago. For
several years he sold sewins machines
in this vicinity -while pursuing the study
of law. Shortly after he «was admitted to
the bar he was elected to the office of City
Attorney. He was re-elected to the posi
tion, but resigned the office to become
District Attorney, having been chosen to
the higher position. He was prominent in
State and county politics and occupied a
high place in the councils of his party.
About eight years ago Webber was
married to Miss Anna E. Ross, from
whom he was subsequently divorced.
Webber's death is believed to have been
due to heart failure. He was afflicted
with somnolence and frequently would
fall asleep while talking. He recently
waa reported lost in the wilds of Mendo
cino County where he was hunting with
a party of friends. For several days he
was not heard from, but was finally found
enjoying good health.
Coroner Frank L. Blackburn of Peta
luma was notified of the death and will
hold an inauest to-morrow morning.
Webber was a member of the Elks, the
Fraternal Order of Eagles and the Knights
of Pythias The funreal will take place
under the auspices of the Elks. He had
no relatives living on this coast.
! found dead to-night in his apart
*ments at th« Grand Hotel. Webber had
not appeared for any of his meals to-day
and night clerk John Xlmmo went to the
room and found him lying on the floor,
cold in death.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 16.-Orlow O.
Webber, one of the best known
attorneys and Republican politi
cians of Northern California, was
Special Dispatch to The Call
v ¦ 4*
Oriow O. Webber of Santa
Rosa Passes Away at
His Hotel.
Sample was 34 years of age, a native of
Ireland and livea with his family. He
had been a special offlcer for several
years. /
Robert A. Sample, the special offlcer
who -was sliot on Folsom street, between
First end Second, early Tuesday morn
ing, died at bis residence, 4230 Twenty
third street, yesterday morning about - 7
o'clock and the body was removed to the
Morgue. Imine<Iiately after Sample's
death Charles Sullivan and John H. Pow
ell, th« two young men arrested at the
tin* by Policemen Nobmann and Clark,
and who have been in prison ever since,
were booked for murder.
SampJe in his ante-mortem statement ac
cused Sullivan of having fired the two
shots that hare since proved fatal. He had
been notified by Martin Kelly that two
young men were beating a man at Second
and Clementina streets, and on going
there found the aggressors were Sullivan
and Powell. He told them to go home
and they walked along Folsom street to
ward First and stepped into a doorway.
Sample followed tnem and In his state
ment he said that Powell Jumped out of
the doorwar and struck him. He drew
his club to defend himself, when Sullivan
threw him to the sidewalk. SulUvan took
Sample's revolver from him and fired two
shots at him whi'-p he lay on the side
walk and both bullets pierced his head,
one lodging at the base of the brain and
fracturing the skull.
Sullivan and Powell were arrested about
100 feet away from where Sample lay and
the revolver was found near them. Sulli
van had been in trouble before, but
nothing was previously known against
PowelL
The car came to a standstill when the
fuse blew out. .The motorman and the
conductor soon regained their presence
of mind and assured the passensers that
they were in no danger. Mr. and Mrs.
Kenny and the other two ladles recov
ered after a time and proceeded on their
way in another car. Miss Vinal was sent
to her home. Her injuries though painful
will not prove fatal.
The passengers were terrified for none
of them knew the nature of the" sudden
explosion. Mrs. Kenny fainted, and the
two ladies from Sacramento became hys
terical, and were too frightened to make
their way from the car. .Miss Vinal re
tained her presence of mind sufficiently
to rush out on the platform and as a re
sult she was seriously burned about the
head. ¦ •
The peculiar accident happened so sud
denly that the few passengers in the car
and the motorman and conductor were
taken entirely unawares, and for a time
the carmen were so excited that they did
not know what had happened. It is for
tunate that the car was not crowded, for
if it had ' been a panic would have re
sulted.
In the car at the time were Frank
Kenny and his wife, Miss Alice
and two ladles from Sacramento re
fused to give their names. The passen
gers had no inkling of what was about
to happen, when suddenly^ as the car was
rounding the corner, a n^me shot out
¦from the rear and enveloped the entire
car.
As car number 713 of the Ellis and
O'Karrell street electric line was rounding
the corner of Devisadero and Oak streets
late yesterday afternoon, a fuse suddenly
ttlew out. In a twinkling the car was
enveloped in flames. One woman fainted,
two became hysterical and a young girl
was badly burned about the head.
In other words, he placed the entire matter
in my hands for adjustment. This person who
brings the suit against me* was duly notified
of my appearance in the nxtter. and not being
able to *ecure my client's address 6he sent
various parties to my office in an effort to
secure the fame. My client having finally
sent me $250 to be paid on the claim, I
promptly remitted it to the creditor, together
with a letter informing her that If she per
sisted In giving me any further annoyance
about the matter «he would be compelled tw
wait much longer.
She paid no attention to my warning, and
as a remilt she hat been forced to wait for
final settlement. I am informed that she con
tends that my letter to her is in effect a.
promise on my part that she would receive her
money and therefore the suit is brought
against me. It goes without saying that there
is no liability on ray part either in law or
in fact.
Attorney George D. Collins has in prep
aratlon bis answer to the complaint filed
Saturday by Norine Collins, In which she
prays for Judgment against the attorney
for $350, which sum, it Is alleged, the
plaintiff advanced defendant during the
last four years.
la the answer, in which Attorney Col
lins will dispose of the report that the
pialctiff is his sister, by citing the fact
that he has no sister, he will make the al
legation that the money involved was ad
vanced by Miss Collins to a client who
'will return shortly from the gold fields
cf .Alaska,
Speaking of the action yesterday, Mr.
Coll'ns said:
In the first place the person alluded to is not
my sister nor any other relative of mine. I
have not more than a business acquaintance
with . her, arising from the fact that she
loaned to a client of mine certain sums of
money. It was not convenient for him to re
pay at the times she demanded repayment and
he consulted me about the matter, stating his
willingness to settle and desiring time to do
so.
The Pilgrim Sunday-school offers to children
and young people great opportunities to be
long to a faith where you do not have to un
learn anything, do not have to discuss creeds
or theologies only to live a life of Godliness —
a life that shall make good living, good help
ing and cood service for all mankind.
Now, if there is anything larger .than we
have to offer we want that larger thing. The
universal fatherhood of God, the universal
brotherhood of man, the leadership of Jesus is
the personification of righteousness — the ulti
mate triumph of right over wrong.
What is there lamer?
The men that made the history of this Sun
day-school make up a splendid list. There has
not, Indeed, been a single movement for the
uplifting of this city for fifty years that has
not had graduates of this Sunday-school >n the
forefront. And let me eay that you might go
to any one of forty or fifty cities of America
and find that the men, insignificant in num
ber in proportion to the population, the men
who are in the liberal churches, are the cap
tains of the movements that go to make for
the moral uplifting of that community.
Forty.'or fifty years ago Starr King and Ho
ratio Stebbins preached in San Francisco the
very things that are being proclaimed by
every progressive thinker in the pulpits of this
city to-day.
What we need is to guard our children
against the gross selfishness; and rank injus
tices of society.
TO GUARD THE CHILDREN.
The social and political troubles of the pres
ent day can nnd their solution only in such a
spirit.
We as a people have been trusting too much
to smartness and mental acumen.. But what
our young people and children need is a tight
spirit, a sensitive conscience and a deep rev
erence.
The fiftieth anniversary of the Pilgrim
Sunday-school was celebrated at the First
Unitarian Church yesterday morning.
Hundreds of children attired in pretty
light gowns, alike appropriate to the oc
casion and the beautiful day, swarmed
around the handsome edifice hours before
the ceremony began.
At 11 o'clock the church, which had been
handsomely decorated, was filled to over
flowing, and with an organ voluntary and
hymn and prayer the exercises began.
Charles A. Murdock, the Sunday-school
superintendent, presided and led the
juvenile congregation in the beautiful
hymn, "'Come Forth and Bring Your Gar
lands," which was quite appropriate in
view of the gift of a bouqufet and a plant
to each child. •
At the conclusion of the first part of the
exercises a historical} account of the Pil
grim Sunday-school was graphically told
oy Mr. Murdock, who gave reminiscences
of men who had labored for the advance
ment of children in the cause of right
eousness and the upbuilding of upright
lives in the community.
Besides Murdock some other speakers
were Horace Davis, Wendell Easton and
George and Aurelius Buckingham and Dr.
Van Orden, each giving an interesting ac
count of the Sunday-school and telling of
Its progress from the day of its humble
origin to its present sturdy 'growth and
power in the community.
ADVOCATES MORAL TRAINING.
Murdock showed that numerous of the
most prominent men of the city had been
members of that Sunday-school, and not
a few had gone to other parts of the land
buoyed and strengthened by the religious
and moral training assimilated at the Pli
grim Sunday-school. \
Following Mr. Murdock came the Rev.
Bradford Leavitt with a stirring address,
in which he appealed for morality, for
%:>nscience and for patriotic training in
the youth of San Francisco.
Mr. Leavitt said among other things:
There Is a growing conviction that what
America most needs to-day Js not more smart
men, but more good men. fatudents of sociol
ogy, leading educators, university presidents,
clergymen and writers are proclaiming that we
must have Improved methods of teaching re
ligion and morality. Having taken religious
teachings out of the public schools, we must
see to it that it is taken care of somewhere,
either in the home or in the church. ¦
Another Passenger Paints
and Two More Become
Hysterical.
Charles Sullivan and John H.
Powell Charged "With
Murder.
Lawyer Refutes Report That
the Plaintiff Is His
Rev. Leavitt Says We Trust
Too Much in Mental
' - Acumen.
Wounds of Special Offi
cer Sample Prove
FataL
Asserts Money Sued For
by Woman Is Owing
• by Client.
Fuse Blows Out, Burning
Miss Vinal About
the Head.
Minister Advises Newer
Methods in Teaching
Morality.
DEATH RELIEVES
HIS SUFFERINGS
COLLINS TELLS
OF HIS DEFENSE
CAR ENVELOPED
BY BLUE FLAME
SAYS CHILDREN
NEED REVERENCE
THE SAN. FRAB CISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST n, l»oa.
DEATH COMES
SUDDENLY TO
NOTED LAWYER
SONOMA'S FORMER DISTRICT
ATTORNEY WHOSE DEATH
IS ANNOUNCED.
Of eighty recruits sent him for mounted
Irregulars In , South Africa three-fourths
did not know how. to saddle a horse. Bald
Colonel * Kemp, M. P., recently at : the
United - Service Institution In .England.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Week of Bargains.
Last week was a busy week with this
big store. We want to make this week the
busiest week we have had. Our prices
will be so attractive that no shrewd buyer
can afford to overlook them. . We are going
to sell you groceries this week at retail be-
low the usual carload cost. We will give
you quantity without sacrificing quality.
....We Will Sell....
20 lbs. pure Cane Sugar SJl.OO
(With your other purchases. Others give
15 lbs.)
Solid car Eastern Hams, lb 15%c
Eastern Lard, 3-lb. pall, 35c— 5 lbs, C5e —
10 lbs, ?1.2O— 50 lbs....... *J4.5O
Fine Creamery Butter, square ...4uc
(Same butter others ask BOc.)
8000 squares to be sold at.... 40c
7000 dozen Ranch Eggs, dozen. 25o
330 boxes fancy Potatoes, box .8Oc
2 solid cars best Flour, sack $1.10 — 100 lbs,
$2.10— bbl *?4.±O
Imported Castile Soap, bar 20c
(Some stores ask 35c.)
All canned Creams 3 for :....... 25c
25c Jars Celery or Horseradish Mustard. lOc
11 lbs German Prunes ....25c
• Dried Peaches or Aprioots, 4 lbs...... 25c
20c pkg Malt, 100 flakes ....lOe
3 sacks 5c Salt. . . '. .\ .... lOe
Macaroni, Spaghetti, Vermicelli, box..20c
35c bottle Lemon Extracts ..2Oc
$1.00 bottle Lemon Extracts O5c
3-lb cans Peaches or Pears, 3 for.... 25c
Finest grade imported Java and Mocha
Coffee, 4-lb can... .....85c
80c quality teas, 50c— 5 lbs. ...... .'.92.00
10c Boston Baked Beans, can.... Re
Fancy table Apples, large box.; ..... ,75c
Family . Liquors.
College Club Rye, qt., 50c— gal 92,OO
College Club Bourbon, qt., 50c — gal.. $2.00
McBrayer Whisky, qt., 50c— gal.... $2.00
$4.00 to $4.50 quality Whisky, qt., Zioq.—
gal .'. ...?2.l5
$3.00 to $3.50 quality Whisky, qt., 40c —
gal $!.<;<>
$2.00 to $3.00 quality Whisky, qt., 40<? —
gal .S1.5O
Paul Jones Vhisky. qt., bOc— gal. .. .$2.5O
Jessie Moore Whisky, qt., 75c— AA $6.00
quality, gal ...:....... :»2.75
Cognac Brandy, ¦ qt.', 6Oc — gal :;..... $2.f»O
Holland or Old Tom Gin. qt.". 5Oc
$1.50 Port or Sherry, gal ......... .TSe
Old Port or Sherry, qt. bot. ......... ..2()c
$1.00 Claret, qt, 15c— *al. • • • • . . .50c
Good old Bourbon .Whisky, . special ¦ one-
half pints. 10c — pints. 20c— -quarts. . ..40c
4 solid cars pure Cane Sugar on sale 20
' lbs (with orders) for. tyl.OO
Our always ready >cas*i has brought us
many, splendid bargains. If you cannot
come to our store telephone South 804 :• or
drop us a postal for what you want.. Mall
orders filled. : 1049 Market, bet. .6th and
;7th, opp. Jones or McAllister or Hibernia
'Bank. -¦.¦•,¦¦ __ ;_ ¦: -\ ' ¦ ¦ - ¦-:
BDWEN
Attached menu
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Table butter— square 40c
Ceylon tea — Bee brand
reg'ly s~ec al
Coombra "Que<:n Bee"— $i lb Soc
Aroowella garden — Soc Ib 6oc
Ancoombra •' ' 6oc lb 45c
Palamcotta " 50c Ib 37^0
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55c
Better than formerly — reg'ly 35c lb .
SoiipS— Franco-American IOC
Assorted— one portion
Edam cheese— reg'ly $i S5C
Made in Holland — best quality
Cherries in marasquin 20c
Hazel Njit creamery butter
2-lb sq 60c
; : Extra fancy quality —
weighs 32 ounces. This
brand will always be
sold full weight.
j Cocoanut— scheppe's 2 lbs 45c
Natural flavor— fresh— reg'ly 30c lb
Italian prunes 3J lbs 25c
Rich— tart— reg'ly ioc Ib
CoCOa— Baker— reg'ly 25c can 2OC
We recommend it
Orange marmalade 20c
Keiller — Dundee — reg'ly 25c jar
, Matches— paraffine 3 for IOC
500 in box-Fu/can-reg'ly 50c doz 40c
Paraffine wax 2 lbs 25c
Good house-keeders use it
to preserve fruits— reg'ly 2cc lb
Sand soap-G.B.d- co.s cake? 25c
Quick dirt and grease cleanser—
reg'ly 6 for 25c
For Sores, Horn** Scalds, '/
Ulcers, Kinjrworm, Tetter, >W t/sM H
Erysipelas, Scald Head, X^s^ // J H
Itch.rlniplea. Blotches, JL I K
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch- j£\*. 7^*-\ I
In* 1'tles, and all Skin J*\ X. I B
Eruption*— aao jF \ Vj? \ I H
HEISKELL'S I
Ointment I
They all yield to Its mafrteal tafla-Tv* . Bathe M
the affected part, usintc Jfaslrll't Soap, nljrht K
and morning, apply Helskell's Ointment, and H
core follows in a few days. AtalldruxaUtsSuc U
Send for free book of testimonials. """"*• H
JOHNSTON, HOLLO WAY 4. CO ¦
681 Co»»aerce St., Philadelphia. Jj
CUTLERY
EVERYBmVftRRANIED
BQWEN
SCO.
Dog biscuit 4 lbs 25c
Spratt— reg'ly 3 lbs 25c
German cologne 45c
Johann Maria Farina —
reg'ly 55c bottle
Talcum powder— Hudnut - 50c
Extreme violet
Toilet water— Hudnut 75c
Violet Sec
Sad irons— Geneva
5-67 89 Inches
special 30c 35c 40c 45c ?cc
reg'ly 40c 45c 50c 60c 65c
Wash board-^<"-«» star 55c
Reversible protector — highest
grade— reg'ly 75c *
Wash boiler— reg'ly ii 65 $1 25
Size No. 7— -copper bottom —
extra heavy tin
Liquor department
Whisky-o:<* stod: $1 15
Pure and reliable as made— a co
reg'ly $i 50 bottle— $6 gallon °
Rye Whisky— 10 years old $1 15
• Guckenheimer— reg'ly $1 45— full qt
Riesling— M. Vineyard 6$C
Rich— fruity— reg'ly $i gallon
Gin— d. c. l. 90c
Old Tom— dry— reg'ly $i bottle
French claret $3 5c
St. Julien— a
54 25 doz qts— f 5 2 doz pts
Porter— ale- white Label $3
Health tonic— reg'ly J2— 52 25 doz
August catalogue— free
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
_ San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
/^K Duplicates and Replaces /*^\
iji Broken Eye Glass Y\Jl
ffj Lenses for 50c. (Jy{
I i Factory on premises. V*» I
I^Y Phone Main 10. T j
j ) QUICK REPAIRING. %J
DR.PIERCE'S 7
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LIVER.aAJNGS.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USK DA MIAN A BITTERS THK
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
»tren«-tli to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Mar ktU
This week we will have on sale some
extra values in the above departments.
1000 pieces Nos. 5 and 7 300 dozen LADIES' FAST
test auaiitn wash taf- black cotton hose,
FETA RIBBON, all shades SDllced soles, Heels and toes
....5c Yard 25c Palp
1500 pieces No. 7 LIBERTY . *&JP% ?$* rnTTON
CATIM DTDDOM «„?„* *M«n LADIES' OLALft. LUilUN
SATIN RIBBON, extra fine H0SE HermS dorr due, In
aualitu in a full line of new solil ' filacK and wh i te reet
colorings — .... 10c Yard or white sole 35c Pair
1200 pieces NO. 60 WASH 250d0zen LADIES' BLACK
TAFFETA RIBBON, meas- LISLE THREAD HOSE, In-
ures 3)4 inches wide and cluilng lace and embrold-
comes In 30 shades ered erfects, in great variety
I5c Yard 50c and T5c Pa!p
enn ; lorO c c wr, wacu 200 dozen CHILDREN'S
ta22-c P ta pfnRnJ «S FA^T BLACK COTTON HOSE,
TAFFETA RIBBON In all m rx\ um an d heaYB
the leading shades, includ- weight, extra spliced, all
ing black 20c Yard sizes 25c Pair
500 pieces 4-lnch SATIN l£0 dozen LADIES' SWISS
TAFFETA and douhle faced RIBBED WOOL VESTS and
liberty ribbon,' all DRAWERS, non- shrink able
colors - ....... 25c Yard 51.OO Each
ntn ' ' , . K CTTsnrT , ioo dozen MEN'S EXTRA
250 pieces 4-lnch SHADED HEAVY AUSTRALIAN
RIBBON for Pillow Ruffling, WOOL SHIRTS AND
15 new combinations DRAWERS, sizes from 30
25c Yard to 50 $1.50 Each
OUR SALE OF LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR WILL CONTINUE ALL THIS WEEK.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WORLD'S/
ftRFATF^T '
vJnLH I CO I
Chickering,
Mason &Hamlin t
Vose^ Sterling
THEY HAVE MADE
PIANO HISTORY
FOR HALF A CENTURY.
A '¦ ' - ' ' — . - ' :
THEIR GUARANTEE
15 EVERLASTING.
Easy payments. .
Olde*t and strongest hou»«
on the Pacific Coast. :
Benj. Ciirtaz & So n
(CUHTAZ BUILOINO
1 6 to 20, OTarrell St., S. F.
BRANCHES:
»*M JOtt, fHItNO, ALAMIOA, -
STOCKTON. PALO ALTO.
A "D VEBTTSEMEHTS.
I The Store of Quality
Batter, creamery, sq. 40c, 2 for 75c
Tcas,afl kinds, pound 40c
CaL Olrvc 0U, qt. bot 75c
Etrictly Pure Oil ...Pt. Bot. 4Oc
Parson's Ammonia, pint 15c
The only Ammonia not In- Qt. 25c
Jurious to the ekln Reg. 20c and 30c
Toilet Paper Rolls, 4 for 25c
HamawiritSf l / 2 pint 15c pint . .25c
Qt. 4Oc
Jelly Glasses — doz. 30c
Epc (Jibes, extra Urge qU 40c
Port or Sherry bot 25c
Elsewhere, 50c
Caret, gallon 40c
Regular, BOc.
TEL. MAIN 518.
IAuf-urt Catalocne now ready.
Good* delivered promptly to ail parts of
the cttjr and country. .