OUR MARINES LAND WHEN BOGOTA ENVOYS REACH COLON;
PROSPECTIVE REVOLUTION ADDS TO TROUBLES OF COLOMBIA
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 15.— Three men cap
tured near Venice, 111., suspected of
being highwaymen, were "sweated" six
hours by Chief of Police Kelly to-day
and finally admitted that they had
been holding up the restaurant and sa
loon keepers generally throughout St.
Louis for a week past and that they
were bound together by a compact in
which each swore to forfeit his life to
one of the other two in case he* be^.
t-ayed them. -„
The men gave their names as, Frank
Rice of Chicago, Max Dalaje of New
York and Henry J. Ploehn of San
Francisco. They made a signed state
ment admitting that they were confi
dence men, footpads and burglars anfl
had operated throughout the country. :
Confess Despite Compact Forfeitin'g
Life for Bevealing 1 Their
Crimes.
OATH-BOUND TRIO
OF THUGS IN PRISON
WASHINGTON, Noy.is.^A revolution in Colombia is not impossible, according to an opin
ion t expressed in a 'dispatch received /at the State Department to-day, from United States Minister
'BeaupreVat Bogo'ta.^.It'was' dated November, 12," and. at that- time Beaupre described
'the feeling\in the'capital cityas panicky. The Minister had delivered to the Colombian Government
'¦¦ : his { ihstHicti6ris^sent*tb>him-5b'y the State Department on the 6th inst., advising. him that the United
;: States'- has entered into relations -with .the I Government of 'Panama and commending to the Govern-
Nov. 1 5.-—The; overdue -German steamer Scotia arrived from the coast at sundown
g- today,' flying the Colombian flag. Her agents signaled the Scotia to come alongside her
II^V wharf,but she is now anchored a mile; and a half from the harbor. Cutters from the United
.^HjBr r ..States auxiliary cruiser Dixie are plying to and from the Scotia, which has no communica
tion with "the shore. There is great- excitement, as it is said that General Reyes and his staff are
aboard the vessel. The United States converted cruiser Mayflower left her anchorage and steamed
to meet the Scotia! The moment^he:Scotia. anchored twenty marines from the Dixie were landed
here.' .' ¦ ¦• . " '. • - ," '•*¦',. . ,"- ", '. " .•• .
BOGOTA. Nov. 15 — Generals Reye's, Holguin and Ospina, who left here to-day for Panama
on a diplomatic mission/ have full '•powers to offer the isthmians a satisfactory treaty and such other
concessions las may .'bring the isthmus back to the Colombjan union. It is. expected that amicable ar
rangements will be made and such are heartily desired here. News from the State Department at
Washington is anxiously awaited;- ; . . ••
PANAMA Nov. 1 5.— United 'States -Consul General Gudger arrived this evening and was met
at the railway station byja' great number of persons, including the members of the provisional Gov
ernment/army officers and other prominent persons.. General. Obaldia was among those present. As
Consul General Gudger alighted from the train a military band played The Star Spangled Banner."
Sehir Arias, representing the \ junta,; delivered, a speech, in which he expressed the gratitude of the
republic 'of •¦'Panama for the recognition accorded it by President Roosevelt and also the pleasure of
tire people of Panama' at Gudger si return. Consul General Gudger returned thanks for his reception
and-said that^he and Rear Admiral -.Walker would call upon the members of the junta officially to
morrow. , . , -f^i - : : '
The United. States cruiser Boston has returned from her cruise to the South, which was with
out incident. ' ./'^ ' ' - ,
Ernest, Lefevre has, Been.- appointed director ot telegraphs.
Commissioners Empowered to Treat With Panama With
View oj 'Winning Seceders Back to Mother Republic. „
VIEW OF THE CAPITAL CITY OF THE NEW REPUBLIC OF PANAMA. SCENE tS THE PRINCIPAL SEA
PORT OF THE ISTHMUS AND POWERFUL FIGHTING CRAFT WHICH HAS JOINED THE FLEET OF '
AMERICAN WARSHIPS NOW WATCHING THE MOVEMENTS OF COLOMBIA.
There have been many efforts* to ab
rogate the Rush-Bagot treaty. Ship
builders on the lakes desire its abroga
tion in • order that they might . build
warships - for ; the United States navy",
which could be taken to sea- through
St. Lawrence River.
Senator ' Fairbanks is anxious that
sittings of the joint : high . commission,
which . failed several years . ago ' to sat
isfactorily, adjust [ existing
between the -United. States and Canf
ada; shall' be" resumed. If he Is' able to
bring this about the Rush-Bagot treaty
will be brought -before the commission,
with an idea : to its revision or ihterpre r
tation" anew, so : that thq-United- States
or Great Britain^ should -either so de r
sire. may' : place, training ships, • like the
cruiser, Yankee or, the ;Prairie" of ; the
United States navy, on the great lakes
to carry # " recruits ; from * training . sta
tions on cruisers which will fit theirffof
duty, on battleships land: other 'vessels
of the navy •' at V home, and - : in .foreign
watars. " ' '- ;- • v
CALL BUREAU/ 1406 G STREET," N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Fresh
water, sailors recruited from the vast
Middle W r est and trained on the 'great
lakes promise to become a highly. Im
portant factor in the United 5 States
navy of the future. *
To aid in their development there is
a strong feeling, in. Washington that
the Rush-Bagot treaty . of 2 1817, which
limits to almost nothing \ the ..naval
force of Great Britain and the United
States on ' the great lakes, should be\s$
revised, or its interpretation j so agreed
upon, that .warships suitable for train;
ing purposes may j -be . permitted to
cruise the great inland seas, . where
storms rise quickly enough and seaf
ways are sufficiently heavy to give the
rawest recruit from - Indiana, • Illinois,
Iowa,. Michigan or Wisconsin ' '¦ ample
opportunity to acquire the "sea habit.'*
The Rush-Bagot treaty confines the
naval force of each power as follows:
"On Lake Ontario, to a vessel not ex?
ceedlng 100 tons burden j and \ armed
with an eighteen-pounder;. on.the up;
per lakes, two > vessels not . exceeding
light burden and armed with light
force." . ¦ '-'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Every one is inquiring "Who next?"
All. feel certain that a lead ; has -been
struck which will be productive )¦¦ of
sensational developments.'' - J
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— William Zeig
ler when seen at his residence! to-night
said he knew absolutely nothing re
garding the indictments reported to
have been found against him in Jeffer
son City, : Mo., in connection with, the
baking powder measure scandal in the
Legislature. A
Attorney General Crow left for ! St.
Louis last evening, and It is said his
mission was to arrange for the speedy
arrest and return to this State of Zeig
ler.
It is said that the arrest of Zeigler
will follow the disclosures and that it
is more than probable a' way has been
found to snatch Daniel J. Kelly, the
legislative agent of Zeigler, from his
haven of refuge In Canada. Should
this be accomplished, it Is believed
other indictments will follow— that
lightning will strike some shining
marks in the political world. • -
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Nov. 15.—
The indictment of William Zeigler, the
multi-millionaire baking powder trust
magnate, was the reigning sensation
here to-day. While it was generally
felt that a true bill would be returned,
yet the fact that the Indictment had
been found was not known until the
metropolitan papers reached here on
the morning train. It is true that the
bill was found mainly on the testimony
given to the Cole County Grand Jury
by Evelyn Baldwin, the Arctic explorer,
vrhom Zeigler sent to the far -north,
and afterward quarreled with; yet the
evidence of W. A. Cochrane, clerk of
the Planters' Hotel in St. Louis, greatly
strengthened the story of Baldwin and
seemingly clinched the case against
Zeigler. '-^'t
Cochrane had refused to come before
the Grand Jury and was brought in on
an attachment. He was fined $15 for
his failure to appear. Cochrane
brought the books of the hotel, show
ing the arrivals on 'March 19, 1901, and
it is believed that the name of Zeigler
was found among those who registered
on that date.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WAR VESSELS
MAY CRUISE
GREAT LAKES
WILL HALE
TRUST KING
INTO COURT
Having fortified themselves with
proof sufficient for their purpose. Sec
ond Vice President J. Ross Clark and
Third Vice President Thomas E. Gib
bon Journeyed to Riverside to have a
settlement with Hays. They sent for
him to come to the office of W. SI.
Prck, the Salt Lake Railroad • Com
pany's attorney "at Riverside. He re
plied that he was too busy and asked
that another appointment be made.
Then a peremptory demand was sent
calling him there, and he came.
According to the statements of Clark
and Gibbon he at first made vigorous
denials, but when they presented their
proof be finally admitted that he had
received more from the company than
he had been obliged to pay out In pur
chasing the land for rights of way. He
agreed to make a settlement, and then
and there executed a, deed to the rail-
PROFITS OVER COMMISSION.
As the Investigation progressed other
similar cases were found In which Hays
had acted as agent for the company.
In this *jnnection It is asserted now by
the railroad officials that Hays' com
mission was agreed upon and that
these profits were over and above any
commission, and that the railroad com
pany knew nothing of his having pur
chased property at lower prices than
he reported.
The officials of the company found,
during the course of the investigation,
that in the purchase of rights of way
the company was being held up for
high prices for all kinds of property.
while in reality those who sold the
property 'were not receiving anything
like the amounts which the company
was paying for it. The discovers'
came through statements made by a
wealthy resident of Riverside named
Evans. He Informed the railroad of
ficials that he had been paid a certain
price for property which he sold the
company and reference to the com
pany's books showed that Hays, who
had been the company's agent, had .re
ported that the price was $1200 more
than what Evans had received.
Another case was found In which
Hays had reported that a certain piece
of property had cost 510,000, and that
amount was paid him. The seller of
this property was seen, and he agreed
to make affidavit that Hays had paid
him only 5ST00.
Third Vice President Thomas E. Gib
bon was placed in charge of all right
of way matters last September. Soon
thereafter Mr. Halstead. his law part
ner went to Riverside and found things
which did not look right to him. When
he made his report to the general of
fices of the company a quiet investiga
tion was begun, which culminated last
Tuesday in a sensational scene In
Riverside.
LOS AXGELES, Nov. 15.— As a result
of the discovery of the fact that the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad Company has been held up
for large sums in the purchase of rights
of way through a portion of Riverside
County. H. T. Hays, cashier of the Or
ange Growers' National Bank of River
fide, has deeded to the railroad com
pany property said to be worth $12,000.
Another result of the same discovery
will be that Major J. W. F. DIss. right
of-way agent, will be dismissed, from
the service of the railroad company,
probably to-morrow.
Hays Is one of the best-known men in
this section of the State and his bank
is perhaps the best known outside of
those In Los Angeles. Congressman M.
T. Daniels is its president and Hays has
occupied a confidential position with
him for years. He managed his cam
paign and secured his nomination.
which assured his election. Daniels Is
now in Washington and .the affairs of
the bank are in the hands of Hays and
<J. Rouse, vice-president.
The bank is not in the least involved
in Hays' financial trouble and is backed
by millions of capital, but Hays' con
nection with It is to be severed within
a short time. To what extent Diss is
involved the officials of the railroad re
fuse to state, except that they assert
that he cannot remain longer in their
employ.
discovery or fraud.
6p«e!al Dispatch to Tha Call.
' Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Henry Ramey, a prominent young
attorney and son of Judge Henry M.
Ramey of the Circuit Court; Alan Van
Nata, son of a wealthy' wholesale drug
gist, and Carl Warner and Irving Mc-
Donald entered the cafe and one of the
young men addressed the women in fa
miliar terms, which was resented by
them. The women and their escorts
went to the Metropole, where all were
stopping, and were followed by the four
men. A round of cocktails was ordered
sent to the room of Mrs. Myrick. She
resented this and urged the quartet
to leave. A fight followed, during which
pocketknives were displayed, and Fur
long threatened to shoot the first per
son who attacked him.'
"You don't dare to shoot," McDonald
is alleged to have said.
Scarcely had he uttered the words
when Furlong pulled the trigger. "When
the report of the revolver was heard
McDonald's lips quivered for a moment
and his face grew deathly pale. Then
he staggered and felL
In response to a hurry call a police
ambulance was sent to the scene. The
officers found McDonald lying in a" pool
of blood tand suffering terrible agony.
CALLS FTJBLONO "BROTHEB."
When McDonald fell Mrs. Myrick be
came hysterical. She threw her arms
around Furlong's neck and cried:
"Oh, brother, brother!"
"I am not your brother," said Fur
long. "I never said I was."
"Don't talk that way, brother," said
the weeping woman.
"I am not your brother," repeated
Furlong.
The woman's demeanor suddenly
changed. "You deny me, do you? I'll
fix you for that."
Furlong made no statement at .the
police station. He was locked up in
what is known as "the woman's cgll,"
which differs from the other compart
ments of the prison in that it is In
closed with sheet iron, which makes it
Impossible to hold conversation with
those on the inside.
Furlong is a handsome young man
and an. exceptionally good dresser.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 15.— Joseph
Francis Furlong, aged 24. a traveling
man. residing in St. Louis, shot Irv
ing McDonald, aged 21, son of Million
aire John I. McDonald, at the Metro
pole Hotel at 4 o'clock this morning.
The bullet passed through McDonald's
stomach and he died four hours later.
Furlong went to the clerk In the Met
ropole, said he had shot a man, and
called for a policeman, to/whom he
surrendered. Furlong occuoles a cell
at police headquarters. Beyond saying
that the bullet was flred in self-defense
he refuses to make a statement.
Locked up in the women's department
at police headquarters are Miss Crace
Holt, aged 18. and Mrs. Lester Leland
Myrick, aged 21, both of New York, and
members of the "Governor's Sort" theat
rical company, which played in a local
theater last night. According to the
statements of both women, they met
Furlong and "William X. Lynch of
Cleveland, Ohio, and another traveling
man after the performance and took
lucheon with them in Schlltz's cafe.
ANNOYED BY FOUR MEN.
Special Dispatch tb The CalL
Rights of Way Sold for Large
Sums and Much Money
Withheld.
Commercial Traveler Fires
• Fatal Shot at a Rich
Young Rounder.
Bank Cashier Hays of
Riverside Among
Accused.
Bullet Stops Continued
Annoyance of Two
. Actresses.
Sensational Dis
covery in the
South.
Son of St. Joseph
Millionaire Is
Killed.
GIVES LIFE
FOR INSULT
TO WOMEN
RAILROAD
MEN UNEARTH
BIG FRAUDS
> Continued '• on Page 2, Columns 3j 4 ; and . 5.
BldHHWII«KflHkjlbaRnBBEnmnHMB9
o. h. wn.i.so3sr.
Iiocal Forecaster.
Tcrecast rar-fio at San Fran
cisco for 30 hours ending mid
night, ZTcveniber 16, 1903:
Exa Francisco and vicinity —
rr-ir Monday; fresh north weft
TZXTJ *" »;*f H ti».
THE THEATES3. * *
- V- — ~ ¦- **~i ¦ i«V ~ i
•«—— **"¦¦••.
Alcazar — "The Club's Ba]MV-_
California — "Si» Hbpkta*.**'"' il *. '
Central — "Under ths Polar Star."
Columbia. — Virarinia Harned. . la'
"Iris."
Pischer'a — "Babes asd Boses."
Grand — "Ben Hut."
Orphtum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— Grand Opera.
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLU3IE XC1V— !NO. 169.Italian Cruiser at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Nov. 15.— The Italian
cruiser Elba has arrived here en route
from Acapulco to Yokohama.' r';-
PARIS, Nov. 15.— The train bearing
King Victor Emmanuel and Queen
Helena passed through Nice , at 2:20
this afternoon. The entire railway line
is guarded by troops. A British squad
ron has arrived at Cherbourg in readi
ness to escort the royal visitors to
England. r . ¦¦ ; -,."¦¦
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Italian col
ony here is greatly disappointed at the
abandonment by King Victor Emman
uel and Queen Helena of their project
ed visit to the Italian hospital in Lon
don on the advice of the police because
in the narrow and - tortuous streets <of
the Italian quarter it would be impos
sible to provide adequate police pro
tection to the royal couple. Moreover,
there has been an influx recently of
suspicious ' persons, ;who , are being
closely watched by. Italian and English
detectives.
ROME, Nov. 15.— King Victor Em
manuel and Queen Helena left for Lon
don'to-day. There v.'as no demonstra
tion, as their departure was kept
strictly private. Their Majesties were
accompanied by Signor Tittoni, Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, and the mem
bers of the civil and military house
holds. On reaching. French territory,
the King sent a telegram of greeting to
President Loubet. The majority of the
writers in the press and the general
public "look with satisfaction on the
visit of their Majesties to Great Brit
ain and consider that it presages a new
alliance and a greater bond of friend
ship between . the two countries.
. It is supposed that in preparing the
bromo-seltzer she had used a. glass pre
viously containing - some . very ; deadly
poison or had made a mistake by plac
ing a [ poison . Instead - of the j bromo
seltzer in the glass. She was an as
sistant in the kindergarten department.
CHICO, Nov. 15.— Mrs. Bira Chase,
wife of Professor Ray E. Chase, pro
fessor of biology in the State Normal
School here, died to-day at noon, her
death being due to poisoning.
Mrs. Chase: and her husband went to
the .biological -laboratory about 10
o'clock this morning, he having some
matters to attend to in connection with
his department. An hour or so later
he ,was startled ,by the sound of his
wife's body falling to the floor. When
he reached her she was dead. She had
announced her intention of taking
some bromo-seltzer, having suffered
some during the morning from indiges
tion. , : • : . ¦
Tour of King Victor and
Queen, Helena tq
London Begins.
Chico Professor's Wife
Passes From Life
Suddenly.
ROYAL PARTY
LEAVES ITALY
POISON CAUSES
WOMAN'S DEATH
LABOR MEN ENTERTAINED.
Delegates to American Federation
Convention Enjoy Sightseeing.
BOSTON, Nov. 15.— After a week
crowded with busy sessions the, dele
gates to the convention of the Ameri
can Federation of •'Labor to-day gave;
up their time to enjoyment In the aft
ernoon a trip was taken in a trolley
car over the route traveled by Paul
Revere on the night of April, 1775, when
he warned the patriots that the British
soldiers were advancing.
At Concord and Lexington the cars
stopped long enough to give the excur
sionists an opportunity to visit the
famous revolutionary battlefields in
these towns. Entertainments for the
delegates were given this evening by
the various local unions.
1 Longshoremen's Union 302 held a
mass-meeting to-night. Among those
present were John Mitchell, president
of the United Mine Workers' Union,
President Keefe and National Secretary
Barker of the international Longshore
men's Union.
j Delegates from San Francisco have
I announced Iheir intention of making a
strong contest to secure the 1904 con
vention for their city.
-•«
Sins and debts are like the poor— they
are always with us.
BERLIN, Nov. 15.— A bulletin was is
sued to-day from the new palace at
Potsdam regarding the condition of
Emperor William, saying the wound
was nearly healed and that the Emper
or had been permitted to whisper since
I yesterday.
Kaiser Growing Better.
no train since Friday, and two engines
are now cab deep in drifts with a few
miles of Lewistown. It is feared that
heavy Joss to stock will result if a
warm, spell is not speedily forthcom
ing. The temperature to-night Is 5 be
low zero and still falling.
LEWISTOWN, Mont., Nov. 15.— More
than twelve Inches of snow has fallen
on the level in Fergus county and un
der the heavy winds of the past three
days has played havoc with mountain
passes, filling the tranyons with snow.
The Great Falls stage Is stuck in the
snow somewhere between Lewlstown
and Phllls Rock. Lewlstown has had
Stock on the Mountain
Ranges.
Storm May Cause Heavy Loss to
SNOWDRIFTS STALL
TRAINS IN MONTANA
Chevalier Luigi Petich
Meets Sudden End in
New York Home.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— In the bath
room of his home on Ninth avenue was
found to-day the body of Chevalier
Luigi Petich, former Embassador of
Italy to Mexico. He had been dead three
days and apoplexy is said to have been
the cause of death. Petich, who was
65 years old, was a man of many at
tainments, a . scientist, inventor and
scholar, but withal a recluse.
, Chevalier Petich came. to the United
States a,few years ago with the inten
tion of recouping his fortune, so that
he might go to Buenos Ayres, where
his wife is living, but he failed in this.
Luigi Petich was the man who found
and owned the famous- "smiling Toltec
heads." These were among the first
A merican archaeological finds which
went to prove the Relationship of the
earlier races of this continent.
WILL CLAIM TWENTY '
MILLIONS FROM PRUSSIA
Descendants of Field Marshal Muen
lich Demand Estate Given to
" ,^y "¦ • \Their Ancestor. 4*
LONDON, Nov. 16.— The Daily Mail's
St. Petersburg correspondent says that
the two. Counts Muenllch, descendants
of the famous Russian Field Marshal,
are about to claim $20,000,000 from -the
Prussian Government, the value of the
estate, with interest, which Frederick
the Great presented ;to the Field ; Mar
shal in 1741 for the latter's assistance
in arranging a favorable treaty with
Russia. It is said that the proofs of
the claim are indisputable and that the
trial will cause a sensation.
DIPLOMAT DIES
ALONE IN BATH
merits of both Colombia and Panama "the peaceful and equitable settlement of all questions at issue
between them." ,
The Colombian Government, according to Minister Beaupre, was disposed to ask for an ex
planation of the instructions, but the Minister informed it that he regarded them, as self-explan
atory.
Beaupre still appears confused about, the instructions sent to him regarding his leave of ab
sence, probably because of the delay. in the. receipt by. him of cablegrams regarding it. He has been .
again, informed that he is at liberty to leave Bogota whenever he desires, and it is expected that he
j will take early advantage of the opportunity. : --
Bunau-Varilla, the Minister from Panama, continued his efforts to-day to obtain recognition
of the new Government by the European nations. Twice he saw Jusserand, the French Embassa
do.r, and to-night Bunau-Varilla expressed the opinion that France soon would accord the recognition
desired. The French Government is anxious that the republic of Panama shall guarantee to the Pan
ama Canal Company and the French citizens interested therein all of the rights, privileges, etc., now
held by them. This guarantee is desired before any steps looking to recognition by France is given,
and to-night Varilla cabled to his Government for authority to make such representations.
To-day he received a long cablegram from Panama expressing thanks to the Government of
the United States for its courtesy in offering the privileges of United States warships to General
Reyes on his arrival at the isthmus of Panama should he desire to go aboard. The cablegram says'
the greatest enthusiasm exists throughout the republic of Panama over the reception given to its
Minister here and to the recognition of the new republic. The addresses of Varilla and 1 of President
. Roosevelt when the former presented his credentials have been published in the various papers of the
country. . •
The same cablegram gave authority to Minister Varilla to, make representations to the For
eign representatives here, necessary to effect a speedy recognition of the new republic. The Minister
has suggested to his Government that it clothe the commission now on its way from Panana with
such powers, but the officials there preferred that the Minister should exercise these offices, as he
already possesses diplomatic functions.
- In official circles here the opinion is expressed that the commission consisting of Generais
Reyes, Holguin and k Ospina, which went from Bogota on a peace mission to Panama, are embarked
on a hopeless task. It is now too late, it is said, for anything to be. accomplished.; It is felt certain
here that Panama will not treat with them, as it is not likely that the isthmians will care to become
again a part of the Colombian Government.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5, 6 and 7.
The woman who is cleverest in giving
advice if often the stupidest In the time
of her own extremity.
DENVER, Nov. 13.— A special to the
Republican from Pueblo, Colo., says:
Two thousand of the men thrown out
of employment by the closing 1 of a por
tion of the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company works will be shipped to
the sduthern fields to work in the coal
fields there. Three carloads were sent
to-night and others will follow as
rapidly as possible. The officials of the
company here state that they will not
reopen the closed departments until the
strike is ended.
Couthern Part of State.
Strikers in Northern Colorado Go to
MINERS GO TO NEW FIELD.
QUEBEC, Nov. 15.— Twenty boot and
shoe factories in this city have shut
down. The shutdown is due to trouble
with the machinists, who refused to
abide by an agreement made in 1901
creating a conciliation board. The spe
cific complaint on which the action was
en was that of four machinists who left
the Marsh factory because they were
refused an increase of wages without
submitting the demand to the arbitra
tion commission. The manufacturers
will no longer recognize the Shoe Ma
chinists Union, but will insist upon in
dividual contracts. Five thousand oper
atives are affected by the shutdown.
Manufacturers in Quebec Decline to
Yield to Demands of Union.
SHOE FACTORIES SHUT DOWN".
FALL. RIVER, Mass., Nov. 15.— The
request of the textile council for a con
ference with the cotton mill manufac
turers regarding the announced plan of
the manufacturers to return on Novem
ber 23 to the wage schedule in existence
prior to March 17,1902, has been referred
t& the executive committee of the
manufacturer^' delegation. Delegates
to the textile council still hope, how
ever, for a favorable answer from the
executive committee before Wednesday
evening, at which time the various
unions will meet to discuss the situa
tion. The council wishes to lay before
the manufacturers a plan of retrench
ment less burdensome to the operatives
than a return to the schedule of 1902,
which means practically a 10 per cent
cut in wages. It is believed there is
•little likelihood that the manufacturers
can be prevailed upon to reconsider
their decision. That opposition to the
new schedule will take the form of a
strike is still more doubtful.
Desire to Dissuade Cotton Manufac
turers From Cutting Wages. I
DELEGATES MAKE PBOTEST.
LOUISVIILE, Colo., Nov. 15.— The of
ficial count of the votes cast. by the
miners of the Northern Coal District
last night reverses the decision and
defeats the proposition for a settlement
of the Btrike. The sub-district board
met here to-day and canvassed the
vote. They announced that the propo
sition was defeated and there will be
no work to-morrow, but refused to
make public the vote. It has leaked out
that there Is a majority of six votes
In favor of- rejecting the proposition.
The mistake occurred In counting the
votes last night at the various unions
and it took but a few votes to change
the decision. Several thousand entered
into the caucus that resulted in the
defeat of the ratification of the agree
ment between the committees and the
operators. The men were afraid to
accept the conditional eight-hour day
on account of the effect it would have
on the south. Then, again, all other
miners except day men would • work
only eight hours and receive only eight
hours' pay, and these men are greatly
In the majority. National Representa
tive Ream of Iowa and ,the special
representative of John Mitchell came
out to Erie last night and worked hard
to carry the measure, but it was de
feated by a majority of over two to one.
All of the members of the committee
who met the operators worked hard to
have the measure accepted by their
various unions, but without success.
Proposition to Resume Work in
Northern Colorado Is Defeated.
MINERS OPPOSE SETTLEMENT
During the latter part of the after
noon, however, the interference with
the progress of the cars had greatly
diminished and many of the cars were
half filled with passengers as they sped
along unmolested.
According to the officials of the
company, an attempt will be made to
morrow to operate some of the other
lines of the system if the police depart
ment can supply protection. . Enough
non-union men have been engaged. It
is said, to extend the service in all di
rections if police aid be forthcoming.
As far as. known, no further attempt
was made to-day by either the officials
of the company, the striking employes
or the State Board of Arbitration to
bring about a conciliatory settlement of
the trouble, and the indications to
night are for a protracted struggle.
More arrests were made during the
day than upon any previous day since
the strike was declared. The most
trouble was experienced between Twen
ty-second and Forty-ninth streets. In
the blocks bounded by these thorough
fares crowds of men, women and chil
dren hooted at the police and non-un
ion employes. This was soon followed
by more violent demonstrations. Huge
barricades were piled upon the tracks,
stones were thrown at the cars and
hand-to-hand conflicts between the po
lice and the crowd occurred in several
instances. Several patrol wagons
which had previously been called were
soon filled with prisoners.
One of the men arrested, who gave
his name as McQuade, is said to have
placed a cartridge of large caliber on
the track near Harrison and Clark
streets. Thousands of spectators were
on the street at the time and, believ
ing It was dynamite, became panic
stricken as they dashed for places of
safety. Assistant Chief of Police
Schuttler, who was near at the time,
removed the cartridge and arrested Mc-
Quade.
It being Sunday, the absence of
teams in the streets lessened the
trouble of the police In the matter of
blockades, but another source of seri
ous annoyance were the crowds of idle
sightseers and sympathizers who were
attracted by thousands to the streets
through which the cars had to pass.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— A victory, tem
porary at least, was scored to-day by
the management of the Chicago City
Railway against its striking employes.
From early in the morning until dark
to-night the company succeeded in
maintaining a regular service on its
Wentworth avenue line, which extends
from Seventy-ninth street to the down
town district, a distance of eight miles.
Twenty-five cars in all were put into
the service, but the schedule was fre
quently interfered with by delays
caused by obstructions being placed on
the tracks and by the 'inexperience of
men In charge of the cars. . The most
serious trouble occurred during the
morning, when a number of arrests
were made, but clashes. between the po
lice and the crowds that lined the
streets were frequent during the after
noon and when darkness set in it was
not considered safe to send more cars
from the barn. The last car returned
to the barns at 4:30 o'clock' and after
it had been safely- housed the day's
work came to an end.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— H. Kiekeu. an arch
itect, and Lulgi LoLr, a well-known art
ist, who were prominent members of
the Jury which returned a verdict of
guilty acalnst the Humberts on the
trial of fraud, in interviews had with
them declare that the papers submitted
during the trial fully justified an inves
tigation into the possible complicity of
certain politicians in the case and also
insist that the authorities were perfect
ly aware of the Humberts' whereabouts
in Madrid during the latters' stay there,
but were unwilling to arrest them un
til practically forced to <lo so. The re
moval of Madame Therese Humbert to
Rennes and of Frederic Humbert to
Thouars to-day was not attended by
any incident of note. The transfer of
the prisoners ends the regim3 of slight
favors which have been granted to
them at the Fresnes prisons and hence
forth they will both wear the convict
dress.
The programme of the minority is
well defined by the resolution adopted
at the Democratic caucus last night. A
rule cutting off amendments will be
opposed in order that an amendment
may be offered striking out the differ
ertial on refined sugar and eliminating
the five-year clause. The resolution
made it the sense of the caucus that
th<» Democratic members should vote
fcr the bill either "upon the adoption
or rejection of the amendment."
With the House- in committee of the
whole. Speaker Cannon will be gtven
an opportunity to further consider the
make-up of the House committees for
the present Congress. l V^- :
Payne of Xew York, chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee, in
accordance with the notice he gave
when he reported the bill on Friday,
will ask the House, as soon as It con
venes to-morrow, to begin Its-consid
eration. A rule will be reported by the
Committee on Rules providing 'for a
vote at 4 o'clock on Thursday without
intervening motion. On the adoption of
the rule the House will go into commit
tee of the whole and discussion of the
Cuban bill will be begun.
WILL VOTE ON THURSDAY.
In the House the bill making effec
tive the Cuban reciprocity convention,
reported by the Ways and Means Com
mittee, will be taken up to-morrow
and disposed of on Thursday. It prob
ably will be sent to the Senate on Fri
day.
Senator Hale, who is chairman of the
Republican committee on organization
of the Senate committees, expresses
the opinion that the organization will
be completed by the close of the week.
Other Senators say it will be impossible
to complete the work until the follow
ing week.
The Committee on Military Affairs
will meet during the week to consider
the nomination of General Wood, and.,
as soon as practicable after the com
mittee reports upon it, the question of
confirmation will be brought before the
Senate In executive session.
It is expected that the Cuban bill will
be received from the House on Friday
and it is probable that a session will
be held on that day in order that the
bill may be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, which will begin
its consideration at or"'?.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— It is the
intention of the Senate leaders to con
fine as closely as possible the legislation
of the present extra session to the bill
to carry into effect the Cuban treaty,
and with that end In view the daily
sessions of the Senate during the rest
of the week will be brief and another
adjournment will be taken on Thurs
day or Friday until^the following Mon
day. The work of introducing bills and
of presenting petitions will go forward,
but, with the exception of the Cuban
bills, neither bills nor petitions will be
taken up in committee nor for discus
sion in the Senate during the week.
It is quite well understood that Sen
ator Morgan is prepared for a lengthy
discussion of the situation on the isth
mus of Panama, but, while he does not
seem to have taken any one Into his
confidence, the general supposition ia
that he will defer his speeches until
the new canal treaty shall have been
sent to the Senate. There is an under
standing on the part of the Senator
that even though the negotiations for
the new convention be forthwith com
pleted, it will not be transmitted to the
Senate until the beginning of the regu
lar session of Congress in December.
ACTION ON CUBAN BILL.
? ¦
Final Vote on Measure to Be
Taken in the House on
Thursday.
Large Force of Police Acts as
Patrol Along the
Route.
Declaration Made That; Au
thorities Wera Forced
to Their Duty.
'¦ .w - /
ing its officers and soldiers with the ut
msot ryomptness.
; General Obaldia appeared on the
streets of Panama yesterday for the
first time since November 3, when the
independence of the isthmus was pro
claimed. He was greeted cordially by
friends and acquaintances.
It is "generally asserted that the isth
mians will eventually Insist upon the
separation of church and state, as sep
aration was one of the measures de
manded by the Liberal party in the
last revolution, and the population of
the Isthmus is largely Liberal. *
The question of the admission of Chi
nese Is being seriously discussed by the
press and In other quarters, the con
sensus of opinion appearing to be op
posed to such admission.
The Junta has invited designs for a
Panama coat-of-arms.
We hope the news is exaggerated, or.
if it Is not, that prompt redress will be
demanded for the wrongful seizure. !
The steamer referred to is, Marko
mannia. The same paper, after pub
lishing a telegram from Bogota telling
of probable fighting, says:
Even should a state of war exist, it
would , not Justify the seizure of' a
German steamer. .
America must not interpret the ab
stention from interference on the part
of European powers in Panama as a sign
of weakness.. It is her duty to avoid
any action prejudicial to the interests
of the powers.
We must take the contents of the
telegram -.received as a very ugly ac
knowledgment of that duty.
Should the dispatch prove true, the
holding up of a German ship is an act
which even at the time of the South
African war would have been taken as
an unfriendly act. It is less Justifiable
in this case, as neither a blockade nor a
state of war has been declared in those
waters.
awakened by a cablegram from
Panama stating that the commander of
the American ' squadroyrx at Colon has
forced a German ship 'to weigh anchor
and get out -of -the harbor because he
was suspected of having contrabands
of war aboard. Apropos of this, the
Neueste Nachrichten.says: .
EERLIN, . Nov. 15.— The ever la
tent irritation against the
United States in the matter of
South America has been vividly
jpvANAMA, Nov. 15.— President
I )} Marroquin's statement as con
|£ veyed in a cablegram to Gen
eral Plaza, President of Ec
uador, that Generals Reyes, Cabal
leros, Ospina and Holguln are now
marching on the isthmus to "suppress
the Isthmian traitors" has set the en
tire population of the isthmus laugh
ing. Protected by the impenetrability
of the land and the many leagues of
coast line separating the isthmus from
Colombia, and confident that the United
States intends to prevent the landing
of Colmobian soldiers from'the sea,, the
isthmians feel that their security is ab
solute.
The loss of the isthmian territory is,
of course, a tragedy for Colombia. The
Government at Bogota is probably ig
norant of* the attitude taken by the
Government of the United States dur
ing the last two weeks. In a frenzy to
"save its face," to appease an angry
and disappointed populace and to sat
isfy the public demand for some ap
pearance of activity and an attempt to
save the honor and the territorial in
tegrity of Colombia, the Government is
no doubt promising and threatening t^
send' forces to the coast and to take
other aggressive steps. The realization
by the Colombian Government of the
impossibility of sending troops to the
isthmus would not necessarily deter K
from taking those steps which, as al
ready stated, are intended merely to
satisfy the people.
TO FORESTALL REVOLUTION.
Well-informed people on the isthmus
believe that the Colombian Government
is going through all these forms of. or
ganizing expeditions not merely for the
foregoing reasons, but owing to the
necessity of forestalling or weakening
the threatened revolutionary outbreak
In Bogota.
The growing feeling against Presi
dent Marroo.uin Is believed to be due
to the fact that he did not show suffi
cient determination to effect the rati
fication of the canal treaty, which
would have saved the isthmus to Co
lombia, and because he appointed Gen
eral Obaldia Governor of the depart
ment of Panama after Obaldia had de
clared that he would remain a Colom
bian If the treaty were ratified, but
that otherwise he would only be a Pan-
AMERICAN MARINES ARE LANDED AT COLON
WHEN COLOMBIAN REPUBLIC'S ENVOYS ARRIVE
amaian. General Obaldia was born in
the state of Panama.
Miners and others familiar with the
coast on both sides of- the isthmus de
clare that any attempt to march an
expeditionary army from any port of
Colombia to the isthmus would be fu
tild Both coasts consist of impassable
Jungles, swamps and rivers, without
towns or roads or any. means for the
provisioning of an army. The members
of the junta have not the slightest fear
that any such expedition will be at
tempted, and 'they receive the reports
of such expeditions with equanimity.
What is described here in Panama as
the "United States' broad Interpreta
tion of the clause of the treaty of 1846,
regarding the protection of traffic
across the isthmus," is deemed ample
for. the preventing of the transporta
tion of troops by sea and consequent
hostilities. '
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany, a British concern, plying between
Panama and Buena Ventura, has a
clause in its contract with the Colom
bian .Government which says that it
must "under normal conditions" trans
port Government troops. J.t can, how
ever, be said authoritatively that the
company will not transport Colombian
troops to the isthmus under present
conditions, and that it has not been
asked by the Colombian Government
to do so.
CANNOT DISEMBARK TBOOPS.
Other vessels which bring troops from
any Colombian port for any point In
the republic of Panama will be frocibly
prevented from disembarking them by
the naval authorities in case they in
sist on doing so after warning.
The revenues of the new republic, if
economically administered, promise to
meet all expenses. These revenues con
sist of the 10 per cent ad valorem duty
upon, Imports, slaughter-house taxes,
liquor licenses and similar sources of
income, as 'well as the fair yearly sums
derived from those holding a monop
oly of the tobacco business, from the
gambling privileges in Panama and
Colon and from the lottery. These
sources of revenue do not include $5000
in gold per, week' paid by the Panama
Railway Company, a United States con
cern, to the Bogota Government, which
retained $4500, giving to the state of
Panama only $500.
The Government of the new republic,
realizing: '/the necessity of keeping its
army in a contented condition, is pay-
Germans Irritated by Reported Seizure of a Ship by
ttie Jimencan jguaaron,
Senate Will Give Other
Subjects Little Con
sideration.
Chicago City Railway
Operates Part of
System.
The Humberts May Have
Had Aid in Their
Frauds.
"As to Major Diss, he was in a posi
tion to protect us and it was his duty
to know what kind of a man he was
dealing with." *
Second Vice President J. Ross Clark
to-night fully confirmed the report as
to Hay's land deals and as to his hav
ing deeded to the Salt Lake Railroad
property worth $12,009 in settlement of
what he had collected from them while
acting as their agent. Ross Clark also
stated that the payment made by Hays
was not in consideration of the drop
ping of all proceedings by the railroad
company and that no promisee were
made to him.
Asked directly whether there would
be any criminal prosecution as a re
sult of the discoveries made by Mr.
Gibbon and himself, Mr. Clark stated
that would depend upon what further
investigation disclosed. Mr. Clark
said he had been told by officers of the
Riverside Bank that Hays will have
to resign from that institution and that
his resignation may be expected in a
few days.
"The only reason we have not made
this matter public and the only reason
we wish it could now be suppressed,"
said Mr. Clark to-night, "is on account
of the possible effect it will have upon
the Orange Growers* National Bank of
Riverside. This bank is one of the
most stable in this part of the State,
and there is no reason why this mat
ter should affect its standing, but we
cannot tell what will happen when It
is shown that the cashier of any finan
cial institution has engaged in such
questionable transactions. "We simply
want to protect the bank.
"Hays has secured us so far as we
know and he is going to get out It
would be better to permit him to resign
quietly and get away rather than
cause any trouble to the bank. Con
gressman Daniels, the president of the
bank, is in Washington and until he
can be communicated with and told
what has happened, I suppose Hays
will remain in the bank, but after that
we have been assured that he will
leave.
Third Vice President Gibbon of the
Salt I^ako road stated to-night that the
official! of the company have not de
cided what they will do about the mat
ter. The investigation has only begun,
he said, and it will be thorough enough
to cover every purchase of land since
the company was organized. If other
similar instances of double dealing are
discovered, and he more than suspects
that such cases will be found, he init
mated that resort will be had to the
criminal courts. He stated positively
that Major J. W. F. Diss will to-mor
row sever his connection with the com
pany and that he will no longer b« em
ployed in any capacity. As to whether
Major Diss is in any way involved in
the matter. Mr. Gibbon refused to com
mit himself, but stated that the deal
ings with Hays were in the right of
way department and as the head of
that department Major Diss should
have known what was being done.
Therefore it was thought best for him
to leave the employ of the company.
Mr. Gibbon stated that he has found
other instances in which the company
has had to pay two prices for land,
but as yet he will not say through
whom the company made its purchase.
He asserted the sequel to the story
will be even more amazing than the
first disclosure if the company Is able
to confirm what it more then suspects.
HAYS DEEDS PROPERTY.
son was given
Hays is said to have agreed to re
sign his position with the Riverside
l<ank. and since Tuesday, and before
the facts as to "his dealings with the
railroad company became known, the
announcement was made in Riverside
That he would soon resign, but no rea-
RESIGNATION IS EXPECTED.
Both Ross and Gibbon assert that
they made no promises to him that this
transfer of property would settle the
matter and that they are free to pro
ceed in the matter as they may deem
best- Hays asserted that Right of Way
A pent Diss was not implicated with
him in the matter, but Mr. Gibbon to
nipht said that he suspected that Diss
knew something 1 of it. ¦
road company or its representatives
for an orange grove valued at 512,000.
RIGHT OF WAY
FOR CUBAN BILL
NON-UNION MEN
TAKE OUT CARS
STRANGE HINTS
OF PARIS JURORS
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
RAiLROAD MEN UNEARTH BIG FRAUDS
ISTHMIAN RESIDENTS LAUGH
AT THREATS OF COLOMBIA
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Bay.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets.'. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove' s signature is on each box. 23c. *
j&y^ Vim. Vigor. Vita/it/ for Men.
J& V\ MORMON BISHOP'9 PILLd
rr*ho, »2« have been Jn use ov»r fifty
ft&>li^?®£» years by the leaders of tho
fiW^^^cCnli - M;irmon Church and their
r*?t' followers. Positively cure trie
B^rKi-ft *^J worst cases In ohi and youn<
WVaAV IKJ arising from effects of soi:-
»w?(f«Ay abu«e, dissipation, excesses <>r
l «» ffttiNflr cigarette smoking. Cura Lcrt
' "®fe*^? Manhood, Impotency, Lost
"""¦•"^ Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back, Evil Desires. Lame Back,
N«rvous Pebillty. Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar- .
ry. Loss" of Semen, -™ Varicocele or Co;r-4
stipatlon. Stop JJer f"^ KB vous Twitching; ae~
Eyelids. Effects are ~T immediate. Impari
vigor and potencj *-=«*» to every function.
Don't ret despondent, a cure Is at nan.;. Ra>
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 5Cc a box: tt for
$2 30 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Address DISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis si.
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO.. 33
and 40 Tblrd «u
Brisht'a disease, brick du»t deposit, bed-
wettinr. travel, dropsy, diabetes.
Cured with fi&S^
One Bottle /
IMcBurney's yj&* *<n&
Kidney and fej f/y
Bladder Cure £? I
Relief In 20 min- JjW
paid $1 SO F * Send 25c to W. F. McBur-
ney for five days' treatment. .-.
228 S. Sprins St.. Loe Angeles. Sold
by drucgists. vs ~\:
Rheumatism
ACT QUICKLY.
Belay Has Been Dangerous ia Saa
Francisco.
Do the right thing at the right time.
Act quickly in times of danger.
Backache is kidney danger.
Doan's Kidney Pills act quickly.
Cure all distressing, dangerous kidney
Ills.
Plenty of evidence to prove this.
Airs. H. Smith of 16S Linden avenue
says: "My daughter complained every
now and then for about a year of pain
through the small of her back. Besides
that, she had very marked symptoms of
either weakened or excited kidneys. Any
overexertion brought on an attack, and
if she contracted a cold aggravation was
sure to follow. I advised her to try
Doan's Kidney Pills, and she commenced
their use. They were prompt in their
action, and a continuation of the treat-
ment for a short time stopped the pain
in her back and Improved her health in
every way. Doan's Ointment has also
been tried in my family and beneficial re-
sults undoubtedly followed its use."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-ililburn Co.. Buffalo, X. Y.. sola
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
27 Grant Ave.
We must make room for holi-
day stock, and will allow above
discount for a short time. A solen-
did opportunity to secure some-
thing Rood for the home or for
presentation.
GALLAGHER BROS.,
Framed Pictures
Priced at $4.00 and Over.
OM
2r|PER CENT
" DISCOUNT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
WATCH j FOB THE
BEAUTIFUL PICTTJBES
IN THE BIG '
THANKSGIVING.
EDITION,
1 o tt t d nr c I !
lurx 1 i\ '1 o i
I ARE THE BEST i
I AT THE PRICE M
V| CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. H*
sj MAKERS i'J
H The Kir\^ 1
|j of Coffees §1
11 5Ocents Pound 11
V/. : i \rJe are sole a^entj K|
B Kona Koffes Company I
| "I Opp C»< y of P«-* « t>r y Good* C a |m
M Phone Dui-h 5lO ~J pfwhen nature's supply falls Is Borden's
Eagle Brand Condensed Milk. , It is a
cow's milk adapted to infants, according
to the highest scientific methods. An
infant fed on Eagle Brand will show a
steady gain In weight. •
The Mother's Friend
VICTORIA, B. C Nov. 15.— H. M. S.
Grafton. which went •?- the west coast
of Vancouver Island to -investigate a
sunken wreck believed to be that of
H. M. S. Condor, lost two years ago,
has returned. She was unable to lo
cate the fishermen who reported find
ing the wreck.
Warship Fails in Search.
HAVANA, Nov. 15.— A new era In
rapid transit was Inaugurated here to
night in the- departure of the first Cu/
ban railway company's daily through
train from Havana to Santiago. The
train Is scheduled to reach Santiago
In twenty-five hours. Heretofore the
Journey has taken three days, including
stopovers at night . '
New Railroad in Cuba.
BERLIN, Nov. 15. — The Governor of
Wyndhuk. German Southwest Africa,
says the attempts which are being made
to suppress the rising of the Bondel
swarts tribesmen at Warmbad proba
bly will be successful.
May Suppress Warring Tribes.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15.— Quite a
number of long-timers will be' liber
ated from San Quentin prison to-mor
row. Charles B. Wilcox, a life termer,
and William Stanton, serving a twen
ty-five year sentence, who- were pa
roled at the last session of the board,
have already been released.
Convicts Will Be Liberated.
VIENNA. Nov. 15.— There was an in
teresting ceremony to-day at the home
of Beethoven, which Is about to be de
molished. A large gathering h. the
death chamber and other rooms listened
to a number of the composer's works.
Speeches were made, announcing that
the doors, windows and other relics
would be presented to the municipality
as a nucleus for a new Beethoven Mu
seum.
Beethoven's Home for Relics.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 15.— Sixteen
negros injured in the Illinois Central
wreck at Kentwood were brought to
the Charity Hospital to-day and three
of them died soon after reaching here.
This makes a tctal of twenty-eight ne
gro men dead, one negro woman killed
and Andrew C. Rler. foreman of car
penters, the only white man. fatally in
jured, a total of thirty deaths.
The injured list foots up eighteen.
Larry Hawthorne, the only negro who
escaped from the coach, has become de
mented as a result of the shock. The
responsibility for the accident has not
yet been determined. .^- ;'¦
List of Dead in Disaster on Illinois
Central in Louisiana Numbers
Thirty.
MORE VICTIMS OF
TBAIN WRECK DIE
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 15.— Fetes were
held throughout Denmark to-day In
honor of the fortieth anniversary of
King Christian's accession to the
throne, the population rendering hom
age to their aged and beloved sover
eign.
Thousands of telegrams and ad
dresses of congratulation, as well as
gifts and flower* have been received,
many of the messages of congratula
tion coming from the United States.
Under cabled Instructions from Wash
ington, United States Minister Swen
son telegraphed to the King President
Roosevelt's hearty felicitations. King
Christian gave an audience to the spe
cial British representative, who hand
ed him the commission of a general in
the British army.
Celebrations Mark Fortieth Anniver
sary of Sovereign's Accession
to the Throne.
DAHES HOLD FETES LN
KENO CHRISTIAN'S HONOR
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Nov. 15.— More
than 100 pulpits in Cincinnati and Ohio
and Kentucky suburbs were occupied
to-day, morning and evening, by
women who are delegates and lecturer
organizers and other attendants at the
thirteenth national convention of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union.
At the same time thirty visiting clergy
men of the Anti-Saloon League occu
pied other pulpits.
The leading event of the day was at
the Ninth-street Baptist Church in the
afternoon, where there also wa3 an
elaborate musical programme and
where the annual sermon was delivered
by Mrs. Katherine T. Stevenson, presi
dent of the Massachusetts Women's
Christian Temperance Union.
To-morrow morning the delegates
and others will go on a pilgrimage to
Hillsboro, Ohio, where the crusade
started in 1873 and where "Mother"
Thompson and other originalcrusaders
still reside.
Devoted to the Cause of
the W. C. T. 17.
Mere Than One Hundred Pulpits Are
TEMPEBANCE SPEAKEBS
OCCUPY THE ROSTBUMS
LIMERICK, Ireland, Nov. 15.—Ad
dressing a Nationalist demonstration
here to-day, John Redmond, the leader
of the Irish party in the House of Com
mons and president of the United Irish
League, said that had he known of the
intention of William O'Brien to resign
from participation in the work of the
party he would have beseeched him
not to put his Intentions into effect.
Redmond said he hoped that the com
ing meeting of the Irish Parliamen
tary party and of the directory of the
United Irish League would be success
ful in Inducing Mr. O'Brien to recon
sider his decision. The majority of the
Irish party, the speaker said, support
ed O'Brien's policy of conciliation in
the administration of the British Gov
ernment's Irish land act, but the irre
concilable section of the landlords were
trying to counteract that policy.
Resolutions in favor of home rule, a
Catholic university and requesting
O'Brien to reconsider his resignation
were adopted.
IrishXeader Declares His Colleague's
Retirement Will Mean Great
Loss to Party.
JOHN BEDMOND REGBETS
O'BBIEN'S BESIGNATTON
PEKING, Nov. 15. — The demand of
the United States Government for the
opening of Wlju has been received here
with surprise. The British and Japan
ese Ministers at Seoul, on October 15,
asked for the opening of Yongampho.
The Foreign Minister consented, sub
ject to the approval of the Emperor,
which was withheld.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 15.— General Wo
gack. the Russian commander, has ar
rived here with a strong suite.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 15.— It Is reported
that the Japanese are secretly organiz
ing an Asiatic League against Russia,
with headquarters in Toklo. Recent
visits of Chinese statesmen, Siamese
Princes and Persian Ministers to Japan
are believed to have been connected
with the movement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Post
office Department is pressing the inves
tigation of published allegations that
rare postage stamps have Illegally
found their way from the department
to stamp coljectors and speculators.
Postofflce Inspector Fosnes, formerly
director general of posts of Cuba, and
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General.
Bristow's chief assistant In the postal
investigation, and Inspector Williams
are in charge of the stamp investiga
tion. They have not only gone through
the records of the department, but have
examined a number of persons in the
department and in the Bureau of En
graving and Printing, which prints the
stamps; have examined the philatel
ists. Including a prominent dealer in
this city, with a view to ascertaining
the identity of persons who have sold
stamps to the dealers In those articles.
It has been the practice of the offlce
for a number of years to distribute
among department officials and other
prominent persons "'specimen stamps"
distinctly so marked as to prevent their
use as postage as an official courtesy,
and It is known that a large number
of these stamps have found their way
into the hands of speculators. The in
spectors are endeavoring to find out
who sold them to the dealers. The In
vestigation may be concluded this
week.
Department Now After
Men Who Deal With
Speculators.
LEAGUING ASIA
AGAINST RUSSIA
Japanese Are Quietly
Organizing Secret
Movement.
PROBING INTO
POSTAL FRAUDS
"The experience of the last four
months does not indicate that the new
law could be materially improved. It
is very satisfactory as it stands. After
New York we shall increas« our staff
and facilities at Boston. Baltimore and
New Orleans and other cities."
"The secretary has asked Congress
for an emergency appropriation of 525,
000 for immediate use to make the exe
cution of the law more effective and
this money will be applied in increas
ing the facilities and enlarging the staff
in New York City.
pense attending violation of the law or
penalty imposed shall be borne by the
consigner or shipper. I have received
letters from fully twenty of the leading
importers of New York upholding the
law.
"One of the most important provi
sions of the law relates to misbranding.
For instance, we all know that many
so-called "classed vineyard and chateau
wines' are imitated in brand and label
to an enormous extent. Whan propar
facilities are provided by Congress this
kind of fraud will be suppressed.
"Again, we know that alcohol, made
from grain, sw^-et potatoes and sifgar
beets, is used in ihe manufacture of so
called brandies and In fortifying cer
tain wines. The use of alcohol of this
kind renders packages clearly mis
branded and will require th*»ir exclu
sion.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The case
of the San Domingo Improvement
Company against the Dominican Gov
ernment has been one of long standing.
The Improvement Company, had con
tracts for making various improve
ments and for "certain harbors, privi
leges and dues, which contract the
Dominican Government afterward took
away from the company. The former
sought the assistance of this Govern
ment and asked it to secure its just
rights.
Confirmatory information of the at
tack on San Domingo by the revolu
tionists reached the State Department
to-day In a dispatch from Minister
Powell. He reported that the revolu
tionists were attacking the city on
three sides. There were no other de
tails in Minister Powell's cablegram.
The cruiser Baltimore, which was or
dered to "San Domingo waters, is now
there, so American interests were given
full protection.
United States Minister Powell has
finally carried his point against th.'
Dominican Government that it should
agree to the provisions of the protocol
regarding the San Domingo Improve
ment Company. The Government to
day informed him that it would accede
to his request, carrying out the publi
cations of the protocol and appoint the
arbitrators to-day. This is considered
a great victory for the American inter
ests.
SAN DOMINGO. Nov. 12.— There was
heavy fighting here this morning. The
forts around the city were engaged
with the Insurgents and there was con
siderable cannonading on both sides.
The town was not da'maged and the sit
uation is unchanged.
The United States cruiser Baltimore
arrived here this afternoon. Business
is at a standstill.
CALL BUREAU. 14C6 G STREET,
N. W., WASHING! ON, Nov.
15. — The United States Com
missioner of Labor has issued a
preliminary bulletin giving
briefly the results of an extended in
vestigation into the cost of living of
workingmen's families in this country.
The report shows that the cost of
food reached its highest point in 1J02,
vvhich was 10.9 per cent above the aver
age for the rv?riod between. 1S?O and
1SS9. It also shows that for l?02 the in
crease above 1S&6. which was the year
of the lowest prices for food, was 16.1
per cent.
The figures of income and expendi
ture supplied in detail by 2S67 families
in thirty-three States, representing the
leading industrial centers of the coun
try, formed material for a detailed
study of the cost of living. Certain
data, which do not enter so much into
detail, were collected in regard to the
cost cf living in 25,440 families and the
results are extensively summarized In
a full report.
LONDON. Nov. 16. — A sp?cial dis
patch from Paris says there is no con
frsr.ation of a diplomatic rupture be
tiv-en Frarre an«l Siam.
The Daily Mail's S^ngcon correspond
eflS says it is reported rr-_ Bangkok that
the projected French secret treaty with
Fiam demands the har.dine over of
Chantabun and much territory also.
It is recorterf that a Ving-con Prince
has established his headquarters in the
reutral zone.
Reported Rupture Not Confirmed
Insurgents Wf ge Battle
Against Forts of -
San Domingo.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13— The De
partment of Agriculture has been ad
vised that the 1903 wheat crop In
Prance, according to an estimate of the
French Minister of Agriculture, is 365.
600.514 bushels harvested from 15.151,
967 acres. These figures represent the
largest croo and the smallest area of
any crop harvested In France within
the last ten years.
Big Wheat Crop in France.
ROME, Nov. 15. — SIgnor Marconi to
day began work on the powerful wire
less station at Pisa, through which It
is Intended to establish communication
with the Argentine Republic, and later
with the United States. "When the sta
tion Is finished it will be inaugurated by
King Victor Emmanuel, who will send
the first message. SIgnor Marconi will
leave for London to-morrow.
¦ * ¦
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 13.— Several of the
stormbound fleet which has been anchored
in this harbor for the past ten days wait
ing for the storm to subside left here to
day. Among them were the steamships
Algoa and Kobe, both grain-laden for Ori
ental ports.
Work Begins on Marconi Station.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— The renewed
fall in the price of Pennsylvania Rail
road etock on Thursday and Saturday
of last week was caused by the
manipulation of the Gould-Rockefeller
interests.
The group of Philadelphia multi-mil
lionaires, of which President Cassatt of
the Pennsylvania Railroad is leader,
has suffered tremendous losses by the
recent decline in stocks. Some of them
are crippled. One is on the brink of
financial failure. All of them have suf
fered much more than most million
aires by the recent fall In stocks, for
ihe reason that they have been victims
of a campaign diluted especially
against the companies in which they
v ere most heavily Interested.
This campaign, planned, engineered
and executed by Gould-Rockefeller in
terests as an act of revenge upon
President Cassatt. is intended by them
to weaken President Cassatt with the
Pennsylvania Railroad stockholders,
and. possibly, threaten his control of
the company through a board of direc
tors, which for more than a generation
has been in complete harmony with its
president.
The Pennsylvania Railroad annual
meeting is not held until March and It
is probable that a Rockefeller director
will succeed the late William L. Elkins.
The Rockefellers have never until
this year had or sought to have an
Influential voice in the Pennsylvania
Railroad management, although it was
through that company that the Rocke
fellers made much of their great for
tune.
But no ; John D. Rockefeller's in
creasing desire to control greai rail
roads by ownership, his dislike of
President Cassatt and George Gould's
f:ght for revenge, coming on top of the
Lake Superior and asphalt bubbles,
have brought about a crisis which has
put into jeopardy the entire fortunes
of th» nrroup of great Philadelphia mil
lionaires. Among th^f^e hard hit are W.
V.'. Gibbs. Dr. Ludwig S. Filbert and
E;xc:«J LUspetch to The Call.
The altar proper is in the center of a
pyramidal platform thirty-one by
thirty-five feet with five steps running
along the "our sides of the temple. It
is expected that more statuary will be
brought to light and that the damage
done to the building by the fire applied
by Nero to the city of Rome, plainly
seen in ruins, will b» easily repaired.
The excavating, which was begun by
the Italian Government last July, has
been vigorously prosecuted and now the
whole of what remains of the ancient
edifice has been brought to light.
The principal and most beautiful part
of the monument consists of a rectang
ular enclosure of marble surrounding
the altar proper, upon which the vic
torious Romans were wont to make
their offers to the Peace Goddess. It
has two entrances, one on the ancient
Flamlnlan road and the other on the
opposite side of Campo Alarzio, -where
the Roman soldiers used to drill.
All along the outside of the wall are
sculptured scenes which took place
when offerings to peace were made.
One beautiful carving represents the
procession of Augustus* friends, priests
and nobles on their way to the temple,
crowned with laurel and carrying olive
branches.
ROME, Nov. 15.— If the Czar had paid
his promised visit to Rome he might
have witnessed the uncovering of the
Temple of Peace, built by Emperor Au
gustus nine years before Christ was
born, which had lain buried for centu
ries and whose location was only re
cently discovered.
The Italian Government intended to
pay this compliment to the Russian
ruler, who did so much to organize the
arbitration tribunal of The Hague, de
signed to preserve peace throughout the
world.
Special Dtsyatch to The C*Z1.
Edifice, With Its Remarkable Sculp
ture and Carvings, Is in
Fine State of Pres
ervation.
Campaign of Revenge Is Bringing to
tie Verge of Buin Men. Promi
nent as Captains of
Industry.
Marks of Damage by Nero's
Fire Can Be Easily
Repaired.
Gould - Rockefeller Attack
Cripples the Holders
of Stock.
She determined to use a little
strategy, and, taking a 50-cent piece
from her purse, handed It to him. He
accepted the coin, but remarked that
a gentleman could not secure dinner
with such a limited amount of money.
at the same time snatching the purse
from her and emptying the contents,
amounting to $5. into his hand. He
then returned the chatelaine and,
thanking the lady profusely, admon
ished her to continue or her way.
Mrs. Keener is unable to give a good
description of the intrepid crook, owing
to the fact that his face was In the
shadow at all times. He Is described
as being about 5 feet S Inches in height,
of medium build and wore a black
Fedora hat. He displayed no weapon,
but the fact that he kept one hand In
his side pocket most of the time leads
to the presumption that he carried his
revolver there. Mrs. Keener wore sev
eral valuable diamond rings, but as she
wore gloves the highwayman was not
aware that she posessed the Jewels.
Within three blocks of the City Hall
police station, in a well lighted, densely
populated residence district, and at an
hour in the evening when th»» streets
are traveled by a large number of pe
destrians and wagons, Mrs. Ray Keen
er, "residing at the Alcalde, 723 O'Farrell
street, was relieved of her purse con
taining $5 by a "knight of tlia road,"
whose chief characteristic was polite
ness.
Trie daring holdup took place Satur
day night about 9 o'clock on Hyde
street, between Turk and Eddy. Mrs.
Keener was returning to Tier home
from a visit to some friends who re
side in the neighborhood when she
went through the trying experience.
She was waiking -along the west side of
Hyde street and when near the middle
of the block a man stepped out from
the shadow of an election booth that
blocks the sidewalk, and in soft tones
and suave manner said: "Would you
kindly oblige me with sufficient funds
to purchase dinner?" Mrs. Keener at
tempted to walk on, but was stopped
bv the fellow.
LOSE POWDER
BUT NO LIVES
The Pope declared his disapproval of
a rationalistic interpretation of the Bi
ble, not only by laymen, but by clergy
men, and conveyed the impression that
he intended to thoroughly repudiate
the views contained in the latest work3
of Abbe Loisy.
ROME, Nov. 15. — The annual con
gress of Italian Catholic Associations
assembled in Bologna last Tuesday.
The Pope, who considers this congress
of the greatest .Importance to the
church In Italy, sent a letter directing
that the associations lately started in
Italy under the specious profession of
"Christian democracy" be excluded
from participating in the meeting, and
that only those associations which had
been officially recognized under his
predecessors should be allowed to take
part in the work of the congress. Thus
with one stroke of the pen Pius X ably
prevented a rupture between the so
called extremists and the more liberal
elements of reunion.
Only a few weeks ago, when A. Laz
zarini, one of the most influential mem
bers of the Roman committee of direc
tors, started an independent publication
to defend his views on Christian so
cialism, Pius X had a letter written to
him disapproving of the step he had
taken and of the criticisms he was
flinging at the hierarchy.
Baron Braye, who has just arrived
here from the United States, was pre
sented to the Pope by Archbishop
Bourne of Westminster to-day. The
Baron had a private audience with the
Pope, who thanked him ror a scholar
ship of $500 for graduates of all Catho
lic universities, the prize winner to
come to Rome tp the international in
stitute for Biblical studies, which is to
be established.
During the audience with Baron
Braye the Pope spoke strongly on the
necessity for Biblical research and con
demned the efforts of modern writers
to separate the supernatural from the
historical narratives of the scripture.
He insisted that to do so would be as
futile as to deny the existence of the
soul while accepting the material fact
of the body.
Special Dlspetch to The C&IL
So-Called "Christian Democ
racy" Orders Are "
Excluded.
Entire Affair Is Character
ized by Suavity of
the Thug.
Storm Centers Around
Cassatt of the Penn
sylvania.
"We have gone far enough to know
that the act as -a whole Is thoroughly
satisfactory, both in its wording and in
the powers which it confers.
"We are receiving the active collab
oration of importers of this country who
are requiring of their agents in foreign
countries strict compliance with the
provisions of the law and Inserting in
their contracts a proviso that any ex-
ricultural Department, who has
charge of the enforcement of the new
law prohibiting the importation of adul
terated food products, will -o to New
York during the, coming week to ar
range for an increase of hl3 corps of
expert chemists. Discussing the law and
Its effects upon Importations of food
products. Dr. Wiley said to-day:
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.
—Professor Wiley, chler of the
bureau of chemistry of the Ag-
Uncovering of Ancient
Building Reveals
Wonders.
Mrs. Ray Keener Is Re
lieved of Cash on
Hyde Street.
Preserves Peace in the
Congress of Italian
Associations.
United States Commissioner of Labor Summarizes Data Collected
From Thirty-Three States— Professor Wiley Reports Enthusiasti
cally on the Efficacy of the Recently Enacted Pure Food Law
TEMPLE OF
PEACE PRIDE
OF OLD ROME
FINANCIAL
GIANTS ARE
IN COMBAT
POLITE FOOTPAD
SECURES PURSE
POPE'S FIRMNESS
PREVENTS STRIFE
OFFICIAL FIGURES ON THE INCREASE
IN COST OF LIVING TO WORKINGMEN
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
A table shows that in 1901 2367 fami
lies in the United States averaged an
expenditure of $326 SO for food and for
all purposes $76S 54. The average in
come per family was 5S27 13; the aver
age size of family, 5.21 persons.
UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER OF LABOR, AND OFFICIAL IX
CHARGE OF THE EXECUTION OF THE PURE FOOD LAW, WHO
HAVE SUBMITTED INTERESTING REPORT3. '.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WATCH FOB THE
BEAI7TIFUL PICTTJRE9
IN THE BIO
THANKSGIVING
EDITION,
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
mm fM4mm>/W*kr--
Tailoring With Quality.
Our prices speak for themselves. You know that $15 is a
# small price to pay for a made-to-order suit. The question that
arises in your mind is : How is the quality of material and work-
manship?
In answer we say: First, the material is all wool and the
colors are fast. We buy only cloth of this kind. Second, the
making is done by expert tailors on our own premises, under
our supervision. Third, you get our guarantee, which warrants
both the material and the workmanship. We repair, sponge and
press all garments free of charge. Fourth, any dissatisfied cus-
tomer can have his money back.
If 'our $1 5 suits are not as good as the ones you find in
other tailoring establishments for $20 we will • refund your
money, even after we have cut and made up the garments for
you.
Come in some day — let us talk this clothes question over at
close range.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
through our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples.
740 Market St. and
Corner Powell arid Eddy Sts.
NXW ADVEBTISEMEZwTS.
TrsrrTTCi srscorrrrrs
Ar« Kct AZ-X&73 Startliasr. ITelther So
They Create the Btort Talk.'
It is not always the greatest, most
startling discoveries of science that ar«»
mopt useful to the human race.
Comparatively few p<K>pI«» were direct- ]
ly interested ir. BerscfaeTfl f.r.iinR of th<»
new planet Drams, b-.t rr.ar.y thousands
have been benefited by Prof." Unr.a's ex-
periments, which proved beyond a ques-
tion that Dandruff ar,d.Caldnes.s are the
results of the Inroads of a parasitic
p*>rni wh'ch Invades the roots o* t^»
hair.
The discovery of th«» true raus* of
baldness made Newbro's Kerpicide possi-
ble. Herpicide effectually kills the p»rm.
Destroy th«» cause you remove the ?•ffect.
Sold 1»* leading drupcrist":. S«?nd 10c in
Btarnps for «>ainple to Th» Herpicide Co..
r>etroit. yy.ch..
CASTOR! A
Per Infants ar.d Children.
Tfca Kind Yon Hare Always Bought
Signature of C^t^/^T^i^li
! "Kins of eD Bottled Beera.",,
Br«we6 £rom Bohenaan Hc$f» r ;
SOLO eV£2V«r.£RE.
HUBERT J1ERCAJ.TTLE CO..
, Pacific Cctst a:-«i.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great j>
Museum of ahatomy^
d C3 1X1 JUinTET.fct. £!:*?&, C.r.CaLi
Y Cf Th« L«rj«t Axstasica! Bsina ia tie \
jj tt'ortd. ** eusoKt «r icjr o^oxtcted A
7 ;<3* t..*v* p»«tl««-l:' «¦•!••* r-jr the o:ani *
Q, fi-^f'i i^ea^-ia oa the Cmul EtLjiytan. ©
,) /!£**?& CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN 6
\ Vf^&kl Cowc!t=t«« fr« *** ftrirtJy private. \
6 f 1?&1 T««aMM pmwal'y •» by '««'¦ A A
Ct Ol /mjw O«ir» in ewvry e*« Balcrtikea. T
AtH '•* Wr.« for Bo<*. M5JI.OWO"! If «r :
r ¦ A '1*1 BtcBUCK. K«ro9 r#ts. (xf
A & li «l»»Ue book tat B>m) 1
V DU JUCD1<< *«¦©.. lCSlMwfcftSt-.S. F. V
Gl tl R ¦ 4A Ammunition. Heating _r.-i
K i h R t" Sporting Good*. Largest
TmH nock. (/>«'«( prices, fcor.i
*j JS V 53 EHREVEfeBARBER CO.,
733 Market rt. *nd 31X
Kearcy «t.
Schilling's Best tea is five
hinds: a matter of taste or
habit. The coffee is four.
Each kind is always alike.
At Tour sracs'f :LONDON, Nov. 15.— General Lord
Wolseley's interesting volumes con
sisting of his "Story of a Soldier's
Life," published here.j bring the story
of his career only up :to the Ashantee
war, but Incidentally they are a strong
attack on the administration and a de
fense of the branches of the service.
Lord Wolseley describes England as
"the unready nation," and says:
The sale of reserved seats for the fifth
annual benefit, under the auspices of
the Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco, In aid of their charity
fund for the sick and needy in the pro
fession, to take place at the Columbia
Theater next Friday afternoon, will
begin at the box office of the theater
this morning at 9 o'clock. Choice lo
cations will undoubtedly go with a
rush, for, in addition to the laudable
purpose of the entertainment, the pro
gramme will be one of the best ever
offered in the annals of San Francisco
theatricals. All of the leading theaters
will he represented on the bill, which
will range from offerings by members
of the "Ben Hur" company to the. best
in modern vaudeville, from the Or
pheum. So many have been the vol
unteers that the overture by the com
bined orchestras of the city will be
played at 1 o'clock sharp.
Great Benefit Performance.
The rare issue was the most promi
nent feature of the campaign and the
voting was very largely of Hawallans
against whites. In Honolulu the fight
was a bitter one. and the natives are
claiming that they were counted out.
Their leaders claim a clear majority
for nearly all their candidates on this
island if all the votes, many of which
were cast out for errors in marking
them, had been counted.
A new feature of the election was a
Chinese vote of considerable import
ance. There were nearly 200 Chinese
in Honolulu who voted. It is estimated
that the number of Chinese voters in
the next election, a year from now,, will
be twice as larse. as there .will be in
the meantime an opportunity for regis
tration of Chinese citizens who were
not ellclble to vote a year ago and no
one could register this time, undtr the
law. .'
HONOLULU, Nov. 5. — The election
of last Tuesday showed general Home
Rule gains in most parts of the Terri
tory. In Honolulu a majority of the Re
publican county ticket won narrow
margins. On the island of Maui, in
cluding the vote of Moloaki and Lihue.
the Home Rule ticket was victorious
throughout, by majorities ranging
from 100 to 200. In East Hawaii Cotuity,
which includes the city of Hilo, the re
sult was mostly Home Rule. Complete
returns are not received yet from any
of the outside islands, the reports that
have come being wireless and only par
tial. :±/-<. •..<•;
England Is Never Pre
pared for War, Says
the General.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 15.— The
cutters Bear r.nd Manning returned to
day from their season's work in Bering
Sea, the latter having made a survey
and inspection of the islands of tho
Aleutian archipelago to the westward
of Unimak Pass. Captain McCIellan
reports having found many good har
bors. '' S.v-y
The Bear passed the season among
the seal islands preventing pelagic
sealing and other encroachments. She
left Dutch Haibor November 5, the
ship Glory of the Seas sailing also on
that date for Port Angeles. The Man
ning did not get away until November
8. But two vessels, the freighters Me
teor and Eureka, remained, the former
having been towed to that port after
breaking down in Beflng Sea 100 miles
south of Nome.
On the 7th of the month the Meteor,
having rigged a jury rudder and hav
ing had two near propeller blades
placed in her, left Dutch Harbor for
this port in tow of the Eureka and
convoyed by the Manning. In Akutan
Pass, on the course out. the Eureka's
hawser, broke and the vessel was fast
drifting. on the rocks when the Man
ning, risking wreck herself, got a line
aboard the Meteor and proceeded -to
tow her back to Dutch . Harbor. She
got within two miles of that destina
tion when the cutter's ' hawser broke,
but the disabled freighter, was at once
picked up again by the Eureka, which
had followed the cutter and her tow
out of the pass. With the .Meteor safe
at Dutch Harbor the Manning sailed
and the Eureka was preparing to leave
the night of the 8th.
The Meteor will be towed back by
the tug Tyee, which left this port Oc
tober 24th for Dutch Harbor. The Nome
steamer Corvtln left Dutch Harbor Oc
tober 31 for Seattle. ••"
In his conference sermon Bishop
Hamilton made a statement that pu
pils in the public schools are deprived
of a very important means of educa
tion through the absence of the Bible
in the schoolroom. In a paper he has
published Superintendent Warner has
combated Bishop Hamilton's position.
He says that if. the Bishop' is correct
the people of this State are not receiv
ing for their children all that they are
entitled to and to secure which they
pay taxes and undergo many priva
tions. He then endeavors to 'show that
Bishop Hamilton's statement is Incor
rect, producing arguments to prove
that the Bible is not a necessary means
of education.
Many prominent Methodists who at
first gave' only partial sanction to . the
declarations of. Bishop Hamilton are
now. disposed to disagree entirely with
Superintendent Warner. The matter
has some political significance because
the school election occurs in December.
The Methodists are . considering .the
nomination of an anti- Warner candi
date, who will favor the use of the Bi
ble in the public schools." * "i
TACOMA, Nov. 15.— Statements made
by Bishop John W. Hamilton of San
Francisco when he presided over the
recent Puget Sound Methodist confer
ence here are likely to have a far
reaching effect. Superintendent War
ner of the Tacoma schools has taken
the position that Bishop Hamilton was
wrong, thereby stirring up widespread
opposition on the part of Methodists,
which denomination is very strong in
this section. >;*";'
Special Dispatch to The Call
Honoluluans Say They
Were Counted Out
in Elections.
LOST VOUCHERS MAY
HAVE STORY TO TELL
HONOLULU, Nov. 5. — Subpenaes
have been served on nearly all of the
thirty members of the House of Repre
sentatives requiring them to appear be
fore the Federal Grand Jury on No
vember 9 as witnesses in an investiga
tion which is said to be regarding the
j vouchers for the expenses of the ses
' slon. which disappeared after adjourn
ment and have been reported de
stroyed. Excepting the members from
the island of Hawaii, all are expected
to be present, but it was found lmpos
[ slble to serve them in time. The Grand
j Jury is expected to find out where the
I vouchers are and what became of them,
and if they are produced they may fur
nish the basis for investigations of al
leged legislative corruption.
Tacoma School Superin
tendent Arouses a
Discussion.
Bear, and Manning Fin
ish Season's Work '
in Bering Sea:
PLAIN TALK IN
WDLSELEY'S BOOK
President of Belgian Senate Dies.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 15.— The death is
announced here of the Due d'Ursel,
President of the Senate.
NATIVES MAKE
CHARGE OF FRAUD
ATLATA, Ga., Nov. 15.— Dr. «J. Me-
Fadden Gaston died at his home here
to-day, aged 79/ years. He was promi
nent during the Civil War as a medical
officer in the Confederate army. Since
1S83 he had been the head of the de
partment of surgery in the Southern
Medical College. He was an authority
widely quoted in this country and Eu
rope on intestinal diseases.
Famous Southern Surgeon Dies.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 15.— A f.re, which
might have destroyed the office of the
Western • Union Telegraph Company j
and the Sonoma Valley Expositor of
fice, was narrowly averted at Sonoma I
at an early hour yesterday morning.
During the heavy rain storm the tele- j
graph wires became charged with a :
heavier voltage than they are capable
of carrying and the instruments and
switchboard started a fire. The flames
spread to the woodwork. Mrs. Pauli,
the operator, saw the danger and ex
tinguished the blaze with a bucket of
water. Editor W. O. Hocker of the local
newspaper severed the wires with a
pair of scissors. Soon afterward the
wires started a fire in the woodwork
and it became necessary to have all of
them taken from the building.
Mrs. Pauli and her family and Editor
Hocker and his family occupy apart
ments in the building. Mrs. Pauli was
awakened by the odor of burning wood
and paper. She hurried to the office
and sent her son to alarm tho editor.
There was much excitement around the
office until the danger was over.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15.— The Times
has gathered information on the citrus
fruit crop for the season just begin
ning which warrants the statement
that the yield of Southern California
citrus orchards for the season of 1903
04 will be from 25 to 50 per cent
larger than last year, when 22,390 car
loads were marketed. The Times says:
"The most conservative growers and
shippers estimate the crop of 1903-04
Judged by present conditions and
counting on fairly good weather
throughout the season, at 28,000 car
loads, which is an increase over last
year of just about 25 per cent. . Others
predict that 33,000 carloads is not too
high an estimate if the weather con
ditions remain right for the next few
months. This would be an increase of
nearly 50 per cent over last season's
crop, and some optimists say prolonged
warm, growing weather and the ab
sence of frost would expand the crop
probably to 35,000 or 36,000 carloads.
"A few weeks of extreme low tem
perature between now and the middle
of January would do much to retard
growth and ripening of the fruit, so the
size and quality of the crop cannot
be estimated at the present time with
any degree of certainty.
"Whether the crop will amount to
upward of 30,000 carloads or fall below
that number will depend largely upon
the state of the weather during the
months of December and January. Ex
tremely cold weather or unusually mild
weather during the next few months
may easily make a difference of 5000 to
7000 carloads In the size of the crop."
Telegraph Operator at
Sonoma Displays
Courage.
Estimate Made on Fruit
Crop of Southern
California.
ATTACKS VIEWS
OF A PRELATE
"During the past five years the
world's output of^this product has in
creased from 3.000,000 to more than
4,000,000 • tons» ( quantitatively the great
est ' increase -ever made' -in any,- five
year period in the history of this indus
try. Moreover, for the first time in a
half century thfc ratio of increase in the
world's production of cane sugar has
exceeded that of sugar made from
beets, the percentage of increase in the
former product for the five years being
about double that of the latter. The
four years from 1900-01 to 1903-04, inclu
sive, were each in its turn record
breaking years for the production of
sugar. The previous high record crop
(3,530,000 tons) was that of 1894-95, th9
crop made just before the outbreak of
the revolution in the most important
producer — Cuba.
"The high record crop in the history
of the world's beet sugar production
was that of 1902-3. Since that date
th*re has been a decline in production
in Europe, amounting in all to about
1,000,000 tons, but the present year's
estimated output still shows a consid
erable increase over that of five years
ago."
The report shows that about 80 per
cent of the cane sugar of the world
is now annually produced on tropical
and semi-tropical islands. The pros
pective output for 1903-04 of the lead
ing single producers. Cuba and Java,
constitutes 45 per cent of the world's
cane sugar.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15. — The De
partment of Agriculture, in its official
crop report for November, announces
that the indications are that the world
has entered on a -new era in the pro
duction of cane sugar. The department
quotes estimates placing the total sugar
production of the world in the year
1903-4 at 10,425,800 tons of 2240 pounds
each, including 4,342,800 tons of cane
sugar and 6,083,000 tons of beet sugar,
and says as to cane sugar:
CUTTERS COME
FROM THE NORTH
Boris Sarafoff, the leader of the
Macedonian revolutionists, arrived here
last night and was received at the rail
way station by thousands of persons, j
who brought laurel wreaths and flow
ers and acclaimed Sarafoff as a nation
al hero. The Macedonian leader pre
sented a picturesque appearance. His
beard was unkemp, his hair hung in
locks and his features were weather
beaten. After the deliverance of patri
otic speeches, a procession was formed
and Sarafoff was borne on the shoul
ders of his admirers to the house of
his parents. On the way Sarafoff halt
ed in front of the cathedral and thank
ed the crowd for the reception, declar
ing that the revolutionists were not
only unconquered, but that their work
was but now beginning.
Prince Ferdinand to-day opened the
new Sobranje and received a great
ovation on his way to and within the
chamber. In the speech from the
throne, after congratulating the coun
try on the result of the recent elec
tions, Prince Ferdinand said that
events had occurred during the sum
mer which compelled the Government
to have recourse to an extraordinary
but an inevitable military expenditure
for the purpose of securing the integ
rity and independence of the father
land. The Government, the Prince add
ed, would do its utmost to maintain
and to develop the good relations ex
isting with its great liberator, Russia,
and with other great powers and par
ticularly with the neighboring states.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Nov. 15.— Previous
reports of a conspiracy of Bulgarian
and .Servian officers to provoke war
with Turkey have been officially con
firmed. According to these reports
Turkey was to have been attacked by
the combined armies of the two coun
tries. It is said that a number of young
officers of Macedonian nationality
planned to create a casus belli by forc
ing a conllict on the frontier. The Min
ister of War has ordered the removal
of 140 officers.
Statistics Show This to Be
Greater in Ratio Than
That of Beet Sugar.
Minister of War Orders 140
Removals as Result
of Expose.
Output Increases in Five
Years a Million
Tons.
Conspiracy Hatched in
Bulgaria and ¦ Ser via
Is Confirmed.
CITRUS YIELD
WILL BE LARGE
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn., Nov. 15.— A
special from Nashville, Tenn., to the.
Times says that Samuel W. Dupee. su
perintendent of the city delivery in the
Nashville postofflce and a nephew of
Senator Bate, was found dead in the
batKroom of his home this morning.
He is supposed to have been asphyxi
ated by gas . fumes from - a heating
stove.
Dies From Gas in Bathroom.
WOMAN STOPS
A SERIOUS FIRE
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 15.— The tunnel
under White's Hill will be completed
according to contract by May 1. Bor
ing is being done at both ends. On
one end the drivers are In 950 feet
while the crew at the opposite side of
the mountain have finished 350 feet.
There still remains something like 1900
feet to join the two borings. The tun
nel will have a curve in it.
Tunnel Completion Is Assured.
TEASE TURKEYS
FOR A FIGHT
LONDON,' Nov. 15. — The announce
ment of a sermon on the wedding of
the Duke of Roxburghe and Miss May
Goelet drew a large congregation to
the Church of St. Marys on the hill to
day, but Rev. Mr. Carlisle, the rector,
made only a few comments, which
caused little excitement. The rector
said that Americans must not be
blamed for their extravagance. It were
better that they should spend their
money thus than to put it into banks or
into trusts, which come here to dump
their goods and try •" to ruin British
trade.
London Clergyman Disappoints Con
gregation in Not Making Sub
¦ ject a Feature.
BOXBURGHE'S WEDDING
TALKED OF IN SERMON
• On several occasions she had visited
the Palace Hotel and on one of these
visits she met an acquaintance from
the East, who had warmly greeted her.
To this gentleman she said that she
had been married and when he ques
tioned her about her husband she re
plied that his name was Bronner and
that they were temporarily residing at
the Lick. At a later meeting Miss
Boyere appeared to be deeply worried
and said that she was going to live
with friends on Franklin street until
her troubles were over. Of their na
ture, however, she would not give the
slightest intimation. This gentleman
f tnted last evening that he had known
Miss Boyere in the East for seven or
eight years and was able to spedk of
her Jn the hiphest terms.
"She was always a busy little wom
an and for a Ions time she earned a
livelihood for not only herself, but her
father and mother, with whom she
lived in New York," he said.
In appearance Miss Boyere is an ex
ceedingly attractive woman. She is
possessed of a beautiful complexion.
v. h!eh was offset , last evening by a
Jarre black hat covered with a veil of
a similar color and a long opera cloak
of a cream shade, beneath which was
.t pretty frown of light hue. ¦-¦.z^y i
MEETS ACQUAINTANCE.
A6 to her short residence at the Lick
House under a name other than that
given her by her husband when he mar
ried her. she said:
"When we went to the hotel, on Aug
ust 22. my husband told me to register
as Mrs. F. M. Bronner of New York,
and I did so, for I understood that he
was anxious to conceal from his father
the fact that I was here. I left the
hotel about ten days ago and imme
diately resumed my maiden name.
Since coming to the Marions I have
been chaperoned by Mrs. Marion on
the davs that I have gone out, and
they have beer. few. To-night I visit
ed some friends, ~ family which I have
knowri for a long time, and one of its
members escorted me home after the
theater."
Asked if there was any intention on
her part to reopen her case and engage
In further litigation with the Whittells,
Mirs Bovere would not give a direct
answer, but referred her interviewer to
her lawyer.
Although the young woman would
r.ot admit it, it was learned from a
friend of hers, or, at least she had eo
Ftated to him, that Whittell Sr. had
been furnishirs her with money for
romc time prior to the settlement of
(y.p <3ivorco case.
WHY SHE GAVE ALIAS.
"This interview." she paid, "may cost
me a big :;um of money, and for that
reason I would prefer that I should not
be asked to say too much. In fact I
would much rather that you would see
my attorney. I came to the home of
the Marions hoping that my where
abouts would not be known and that I
would escape further notoriety, but it
hefinfi that my plans have failed.
"But I cannot see any reason why
you should not deny that I have been
j,aid money to leave town or that I
agreed with Mr. Whitteil Sr. to do so.
I have no intention of going away from
San Francisco for at least several
months, and when I do go it will be
of my own accord. The story about
tne $1000 being paid to me in addition
to the $25,000 on condition that
I should immediately leave for
the Kast is untrue. Mr. Whit
tell paid me no such amount
and, for that matter the statement that
I received $25,000 as a consideration
in the agreement for a separation,
which might, if invested, also prove to
be considerably -exaggerated."
She refused to give the slightest ex
planation as to what trouble confronted
her. but it was plainly inferred by her
careful remarks that some agreement
as to silence exists between her and
the Whittell family.
ANXIOUS ABOUT MONEY.
Last evening she was the guest of the
latter av dinner and then at the theater,
and it was after she had been escorted
back to the home of the Marions that
she consented to be interviewed. She
was not inclined to fully discuss her
marital troubles or their culmination
further than to set at rest several
rumors concerning her future and the
amounts of money which It was said
had been paid to her to divorce young
Whittell. . .
The handsome young woman has sev
eral acquaintances in this city, among
them a prominent jeweler, a gentleman
who is a guest at the Palace, and a
family whose members reside in the
Western Addition.
About ten days ago. after Whittell
Fr. had undertaken the task of getting
his son divorced, the young wife, real
izing that she was about to face many
troubles and was sorely in need of a
friend and adviser, sought the shelter
of her friends' house on Franklin
street. Once within that welcome har
bor Fhe dropped the name of Bronner
ard has since been known as Miss
Boyere. which is her family name.
Emphasizing her remarks in a man
ner characteristic of a determined
woman, pretty Florence Boyere tolfl
last night of her coming to San Fran
csico with William Whittell Jr.. whose
lather, with the aid of lawyers and a
liberal donation of money four days
ago, secured for his son freedom from
the matrimonial yoke that bound him
to her.
Mrs. Whittell. or Miss Boyere, as she
now prefers to be known, has, contrary
to the desire of the Whittells. made no
preparations to leave San Francisco,
bul is living quietly with Mr. and Mrs.
C. F. Marion at S9S Franklin street,
where she has been residing for the
last ten days. Previous to taking up
her residence there Miss Bovere was
residing at the Lick House under the
name of Mrs. F. M. Bronner. a name
ghe assumed at the suggestion of her
husband, who feared that her presence
In the city might become known to his
father.
SEEKS SHELTER OF FBIENDS.
•You may state positively that I am
r.ot going to leave San Francisco; that
is, not for several months at least, and
you may add that all this talk about
me receiving $1000 from my husband's
father to get out of this city immedi
ately is wholly untrue, as is also the
statement that an agreement was en
tered into between Mr. Whittell Sr. and
inyself relative to my hasty departure
fur the East."
Fred Warren and Al Blanchard.
known in the world of footlights as the
comedian and the singer, found it dif
ficult to leave the stage. Notwithstand
ing the fact that the curtain was
wrung up on the following act several
times the audience demanded their re
turn, and the racket of the encores
would not cease until they did. Much
of their work Is new, and the popularity
they attained last week Is increasing.
Albert Bellman and Lottie Moore pre
sent their success "A Gallery Goddess."
It excels their sketch of last wee"k, and
the closing song is heartily applauded.
The "Village Choir" quartet sing new
songs, and the Jack Theo trio, in acro
batic turns, is well received.
A more than appreciative audience
greeted the new bill at the Orpheum
yesterday afternoon and evening. The
entertainments were of the. high order
and each number was greeted with ap
plause. The new turns were excellent
and the hold-overs the cream of last
week's performances.
Wright Huntington and his company,
including Florida Kingsley, opened in
a dainty sketch, "A. Stand-Off." Hunt
ington was at his best, and with the
able support of Miss Kingsley and Alex
Kearney gave the audience all it an
ticipated. Unlike many other playlets
that have been presented, the act has
a plot that- is cleverly worked out. It
opens with complications, that grow
deeper as the play proceeds, then come
to a happy termination in probable
and natural fashion.
The Brittons, colored vocalists and
dancer*, are back again and well earn
their title as America's foremost col
ored couple in vaudeville. Sara and
Bella Rosa, novelty acrobats, are giants
in strength and do wonderful work in
balancing and maneuvering with heavy
weights.
Phil and Nettle Peters present "My
Husband's Double." Why they find
such a title for their act is not quite
clear, but they afford a barrel of fun
while they are on the stage, and their
work Is more than good. The three
Zolars, European society gymnasts, in
troduce many new features in their
line, and their hand-balancing is ex
cellent.
All through the play there is too
much overacting, which is largely the
fault of the play Itself. Louis Morrell,
who played the part of Adison Vibret.
the villain, was so thoroughly villain
ous that the gallery laughed excitedly
whenever he was foiled and breathed
deeply during the periods of his
triumphs. Frank Minzey, as the true
and honest farmer who follows "Sis"
through her various peregrinations
and finally wins a vindication and her
heart, was one of the refreshing feat
ures from an acting line.
Under two acts of "Sis Hopkins" and
the villain the audience became restive,
but the dramatic climax at the end of
the third act atoned for everything.
There it was that Miss Melville
brought into play her best abilities and
with the skillful help of George M. Max
well, who played the part of a father
who had lost his memory through
worry over the absence of his daughter,
created a scene that thrilled every one
present to the heart fibers.
There is a scene in a girls' seminary
in which several specialties are
dragged in by the heels in the second
act. The atoning feature of their in
troduction is that they are all good.
Catherine Camp made an especial hit
with a yodel song and was recalled
several times. Edward Hume, who
bore with much ability an indifferent
part in the play, developed Borne won
derful dancing abilities and James Mc-
Duff, the funereal portrayer of the
character of Obadiah Odium, capper for
a village undertaker, gave some good
imitations. Throughout the play he
acted up to his comedy part in good
fashion and was one of the striking
characters of the play.
•Sis Hopkins" will run a week, and
owing to the large advance sale an
extra matinee will be given Thursday,
rather an unusual feature for the Cali
fornia, Any one that wishes to 6ee a
show that is humanely stirring must
not overlook Miss Melville during her
Fhort engagement here.
"Sis Hopkins" broke on the San
Francisco public last night and the
packed house at the California, from
boxes to the gallery, watched her de
velopment from the awkwardest of
country girls to the maiden finished by
a course of European travel with an
interest that went the full gamut be
tween laughter and tears. Rose Mel
ville, famed in press and prints as she
has been, is a revelation. Her art is
deeper than can be conveyed in words.
She must be seen to be appreciated.
More thaft that, she is the whole show.
The dramatic situations of the play
are saw-edged. They, remind one of
the old time dramas that are spending
their waning life in the cheap resorts
of Coney Island in the summertime or
blossoming on the north side in Chi
cago for the perennial joy of the thea
ter goer. Out of such material, cheap
as stage tinsel and tawdry as a painted
scene of a regal palace, Miss Melville
has evolved a series of striking pic
tures which cling to the memory with
all the tenacity of a tragedy in one's
own life.
SIMLA. India,. Nov. 16.— Lord Kitche
ner, commander-in-chlef of the British
forces in India, met with a serious acci
dent while riding home alone from a
country house near here. •
As he was passing through a tunnel
his horse became frightened and' col
lided with the walled sidei One of Lord
Kitchener's legs was broken in two
places.
Some time afterward coolies passing
through the tunnel found the cora
mander-ln-chief lying there helpless
and brought him to Simla. He is now
reported to be doing well.
The capital of the Dresdener Bank is
$32,500,000, and that of the Schaaffhau
sen Bank Verein Js 525,000,000. The re
serve funds 'of the two banks amount
to il.3.500,000 and their joint capital to
$71,000,000, thus making their union the
strongest aggregation of banking capi
tal in the world, with the exception of
the Bank of England.
The German financial world was com
pletely surprised by the announcement
of the combination, not the slightest
intimation of which had leaked out
until the matter was published In to
day's newspapers. There has been a
vague suspicion, however, that some
large financial operations were forth
coming, owing to active buying of the
stocks of both banks, which operators
on the market were unable to explain.
BERLIN, Nov. 15. — The Dresdener
Bank and the Schaaffhausen Bank
Vereln have arranged a combination
of. Interests, the agreement to continue
for thirty years, beginning: January 1
next. Both banks will be operated
separately, but the earnings will be
pooled and divided in proportion to the
capital and reserve fund of each.
According to a published statement,
the combination amounts approximate
ly to fusion and the securing of all the
advantages thereof while avoiding its
disadvantages.
Each bank agrees to elect two direct
ors and three members of the board of
overseers of the other bank, thus se
curing the mutual direction of the in
stitutions.' .-. .'-'¦
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft — One of the
leading transactions of the last- week is
the sale of nine blocks of the old Me*
Klrath orchard property to Harlow K
Bancroft, for Jow.OOo. This property is
bounded by Fifty-second ana Fifty-fifth
streets, and extends from Shattuck ave
nue to Adeline street. Mr. Bancroft haa
already started to put the streets sur
rounding the property In complete con
dition—sewering, sidewalks, macadamiz
ing, etc. The street Improvements ' will
cost fully $20,000, making the property ex
tremely desiral.le for residence purposes.
R. C. Staats Company, Berkeley— Activ
ity Jn the Berkeley real estate market
is increasing, and the prospects are Rood
for a very busy winter. Our business
has increased considerably In the last
year, and more especially since the inaug
uration of. the new ferry system. Th«
opening of the new system has increased
the value of Berkeley real estate very
materially, and we are receiving many
inquiries* from San Francisco people re
garding home sites. From present indi
cations I think that the northern and
eastern portions of the town will be rap
idly built up.
BIG SALE RECORDED.
To prospective purchasers, outside of
any business interests I might have In
the matter, I would certainly advise an
immediate investment, as property can
be purchased that will present three val
ues, viz.: horn**, interest producing and
speculative, and as we are restricted on
our beautiful little Island as to territory,
the chances for an advance In prooertv
is much mreater in our city than any of
the neighboring towns..
The time is shortly sure to come when
Alameda will have an electric suburban
system which tt!!! place it within shorter
communication with the business center
of San Francisco than many portions of
San Francisco County which are not
much more than half way to the tatter's
county line.
During the past month we have sold
eighteen vacant lots upon which a num
ber of substantial buildings are under
construction. We have also sold si.i
residences, one business block, four flatd
ana negotiated two exchanges.
The demand for property is not confined
to any particular district. We are re
ceiving numerous letters from our East
ern friends and others who are respond
ing to our newspaper advertising, nearly
all of which with a view of making Oak
land their future home. The indications
are that this will be the liveliest winter
seen in Oakland for many years.
W. K. Conger, Alameda — As a real es
tate dealer in this locality for many
years my observations lead me to believe
that the outlook of property on thlj aid*
of the bay, particularly In Alameda. waj
never brighter than at the present time.
The climate, soil and natural geography
of this suburban city cannot be sur
passed; and while we have experienced
no boom, the steady growth of this clt>
carries with It a confidence of real estate
values.
Activity in the Alameda County
realty market seems to be increasing,
in spite of the fact that the winter sea
son is usually dull. Since the open
ing of the new ferry system people in
San Francisco and other towns around
the bay are waking up to the fact that
Alameda County property is a good
investment and real estate speculators
also seem to believe that values In Oak
land and its vicinity will increase, a*
many are Investing heavily in su
burban property.
The papers in the interior of the
State are commenting upun the rapid
growth in the population of thla city
and the large number of handsome
houses within Us boundaries. Real
estate dealers say that every day they
are receiving: inquiries from old resi
dents of San Francisco in regard to
homesltes on this side of the bay.
Although the rainy season is already
at hand, there seems to be no decrease
in the activity in building circles.
People who have purchased property
for home building are going ahead
with the erection of their houses In
spite of the wet weather.
In Berkeley work has just been be
gun on the foundation of the new bank,
which will be erected on the corner of
Harmon and Adgline streets. The bank
building will Be a two-story brick
structure and will cost $10,130. Besides:
the new bank and several other busi
ness buildings a large number of dwell
ings is going up in the college town.
A number of well-known real estate
men have expressed the opinion that
the value of Alameda County realty is
steadily increasing.
DEALERS MAKE STATEMENTS.
Following are statements from sev
eral prominent handlers of real estate:
Tayior Bros. Ac Co.— ino movement m
the realty market with us has shown de
ciueu improvement curing me last muniu
over that of any previous ptrioa for tne
year. Tnere Is an Increasing demand
irom people throughout tne Kast look
in« to * California to esiablisn future
hmni'd and invest capital. There id also
an Increasing demand trom peopits
throughout tne dtate, especially from
tne southern portion, ban r'rancisco cap
ital is also seeking Investments In Oak
land, apparently realizing- that Oakland
Is uestined to be a great metropolis,
second to none in the State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 15.
Dealer? Say Business Is Far
Better Than at This
Time Last Year.
Florence M. Boyere That
Was, and Is Again, Denies
a Rumor.
New Bill at Orpheum Offers
Attractions of Unusual
Merit.
Animal Jams His Rider
Against the Wall of a
Tunnel.
Dresdener and Schaaffhausen
Houses Unite With Cap
ital of $70,000,000.
WORLD PRODUCT
IS CANE SUGAR
,When Mr. Smith came home from his
work as assistant superintendent of the
.^registry division in the San Francisco
.postoffice Friday night he was informed
by a friend of. Mrs. Weir's death. This,
coupled with - some unpleasant news
that he had received fn a letter earlier
in the day, depressed him so that he
went to bed complaining of a pain in
the region of the heart. To his wife,
who nursed him, he referred frequently
to the two unlucky happenings. He
livi»d through the night, but passed
away in the morning while still talk
ing about the tragedies. .
¦ During their twelve years' "residence
in Berkeley Mr. and Mrs. Smith have
been intimate friends of Mrs. Weir and
her family and naturally the news of
Huch a fate.as Mrs. Weir's was a severe
shock to Mr. Smith, who had been in
indifferent health for some months.
Mr. Smith had a hero's record. When
Abraham Lincoln issued the first call
for volunteers at the outbreak of the
Civil War he enlisted at once and
day, so affected Langdon P.
Smith, one of her intimate friends, that
he died twenty-four -hours afterward at
his home, 2155 Vine street, the shock
having hastened his death from heart
failure. * , , : '¦ .
1 T^v ERKELEY, Nov. 15.— The news
L^of the tragic death- of Mrs.
I jV Frances Weir, who was killed
'*T - by the Berkeley local train Fri-
: Mr. Smith was a native of Toledo,
Ohio, and 59 years of age/ He leaves a
widow, Mrs. Carrie Smith. .
It has transpired since tho death of
Mrs. Weir that she was not alone at
the time she was struck by the train.
Gerald Hampton, an 11-year-old boy.
living at 2005 Lincoln street, saw her
walking across the tracks and warned
her to retreat. She paid no attention to
him, however, and hurried on to her
death.
fought with the army until his term
'expired" at the end of three months.
He re-enlisted on October 24. 1861. with
Company K, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volun
teer Infantry, which was raised in his
native town of Toledo, Ohio: With thi?
regiment he served until shot in the
neck on July 3, 1862, at the battle of
Winchester, which Incapacitated him
for further service.
; After the war Mr. Smith was super
intendent of letter carriers in Toledo
for several.years and subsequently he
Was transferred to the assistant super
lntendency of the registry division for
San Francisco, which position he -has
held the last twenty-one years. ;
4 Mr. Smith -was a* member of George
H. Thomas Post, G. A. R. ; Valley Lodge,
A. O. U. W.: S. L. Collins Lodge, F.
and A. M.; Fort Meigs Chapter, Royal
Arch Masons, and Toledo Commandery
No. 7, Knights Templar. The funeral
services will be conducted by Durant
Lodge of . Masons of Berkeley, and
George H. Thomas Post from the late
residence at 1 o'clock to-morrow after
noon. ' -
"Sis Hopkins" Interests'
Large House at the
California.
Whittell's Ex- Wife Will
Not Laave City of
His Home.
Frightened Horse Cause
of Fracture of One
of Soldier's Legs.
Alameda County Prop
erty Considered Good
Investment.
Millions of Two German
Institutions Are
Merged.
Langdon P. Smith, San Francisco Postoffice Official, Dies of
Heart Failure Brought on by Shock Twenty-four Hours
After Hearing of Fatal Accident to Mrs. Frances Weir
SAYS TOWN WILL
HOLD THEM BOTH
MELVILLE'S flRT
MAKES THE PLAY
OAKLAND REALTY
MARKET ACTIVE
LORD KITCHENER
SUFFERS INJURY
BANK OF ENGLAND
ITS ONLY RIVAL
TRAGIC END OF A WOMAN
BRINGS DEATH TO FRIEND
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, MONDAY, NOYEMBER 16, 1903.
A woman can never seen the attractions
in th6 ; wives ; of her former admirers." •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 15.
Ptmr Ecotla, Ertckson, 31 ' hour* front Eu
reka • - •
Mistakes Brother for Deer.
PRESTON. Wash., Nov. 15.— While
rut hunting to-day. J. H. Stephenson
tvei taken for a deer and was acci
dentally shot in tha head by his broth
er. The injured man has a slim ohancc
for life.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 15.— P. C. Moore, who
formerly conducted a dairy business in
San Francisco, but who has been in the
merchandise business here for many
years, died to-day of heart trouble, at the
age of C3. He leaves a wire, but no chil
i dren. He had accumulated a large estate.
Man With Money in a Siver.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 15.— A man giv
ing his name as Jerry Donovan was
rescued from the Sacramento River
this evening. He had on hi3 person a
certificate of deposit for J251 issued by
the Orange Bank of San Bernardino
and two certificates of $250 each on the
Bank of California, San Francisco. He
refuses to give an account of himself,
and the police' believe he Is mentally
unbalanced.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. 15.— Major
W. II. Graham, paymaster United
States r.rmy, of Des Moines, Iowa, died
to-day in this city from uremic poison
ing, results from injuries received in
•the Philippine Islands. His body was
taken to Des Molne for burial.
Major Graham Passes Away.
Postal Cases to Be Tried.
WASHINGTON, Nov. U.— The new
trial of the cases of Daniel V. Miller,
the dismissed law clerk of the Post
office Department, and of Joseph XI.
Johns of Indiana, under Indictment in
volving charges of conspiracy and
bribery, has been arranged to begin In
Cincinnati to-morrow, and " Assistant
Attorney General Robb of the Post
office Department left here for Cincin
nati to-day to assist in the prosecu
tion of the cases, the District Attorney
of Cincinnati directly representing the
Government. ¦
"We are never ready for war, yet
we never have had a 'Cabinet which
would dare to tell the people this truth.
Our absolute unreadiness for war is
known to all our thoughtful soldiers
and without doubt all the details which
go to make up the fact are duly record
ed and docketed in the War Office. of
every nation.".
Lord Wolseley adjures the "icono
clastic civilian officials" of Pall Mall
to keep their hands off the regiment
and strongly denounces the present
system of appointing civil war officials.
He thinks that some sort of compul
sory Bervice Is necessary. Among the
interesting reflections scattered
through the book is the expression of
the writer's opinion that the Chinese
are the most remarkable race on earth
and are destined to be the great com
ing rulers of the world. t
4
Japanese and Germans have the same
average brain weight.Continued on Page .7, column 3.
Continued on Page 7, Column 4.
Continued on Page 7, Column 4.
ifornl&ns is responsible for our rapid
progress. The constant accession of a
permanent class of settlers In the in
terior has Insured the lasting and cu
mulative prosperity of those sections.
California's rural Importance will In
crease.
THE ELECTRICAL POWER.
The development of electric power
whereby the energy furnished by the
fall of mountain streams is converted
Into electrical energy serves In part as
a solution of cheap power in California.
Until petroleum and electric power
were developed it was a serious ques
tion as to whether manufacturing in
dustries could compete with those of
the East where there was an abundance
of fuel. Now, however, we have fuel
and raw material sufficient In most sec
tions to supply power to serve Indus
trial enterprises.. There Is now in the
neighborhood of 140,000 horsepower de
veloped in California from mountain
streams, and I understand that more
Chan 80,000 horsepower additional is
being developed. .
California's large import of beef cat
tle, poultry productions, swine and
manufactured goods has demonstrated
a home market that should be sup
plied from California resources. The
effort now being made Is to secure the
population to develop these resources.
Commencing at the Mendocino" line
the southern division is paralleled di
agonally from southeast to. northwest
by the . Chemise, Rainbow and Cooskie
Mountain ranges throughout its. entire
length of nearly fifty miles. This divis
ion is admirably watered by four prom
inent . streams — the Mattole River,
South Fork and main Eel River and
Larrabee Creek — and their scores of
tributaries. These streams/except the
last named, have their sources in Men-»
docino County, and all carry a con
siderable volume of water throughout
the summer months. A feature of this
division is that along the eighteen miles
or more of coast line, from Shelter. Cove
to the mouth of the Mattole River,,
thirteen streams flow from the Cooskie
Range to the sea. .
Dobbyn Creek and the south fork
of Van Duzen River are also promi
nent streams in the eastern portion."
In short, the water supply is equivalent
to any natural demand in the interest
of, many times. the present population,
and wherever water Is found fuel wood
as well as merchantable timber exists
in abundance. West of Bear River
and Rainbow ridges the surface. is un
dulating, often abrupt, and is chiefly
devoted to grazing. Generally the ter
ritory east of. the South Fork to the
Trinity line is given over to ' stock
raising, though a great portion of this
range land is admirably adapted- for
grain growing and orchard purposes.
The Woods ranch of some 15,000 acres,
now owned by James W. Henderson of
Eureka and extending from Garberville
into Mendocino County, has: testified
In this behalf for many. years.. In Eu
reka, which is the shipping point -; of
Reference to Humboldt County can
be made more instructive and compre
hensive by breaking the territory into
three divisions, the first including that
portion between the Mendocino line
and the mouth of Eel. River— the line
of township 3 north; the second from
such line to the south limit of Trinidad,
Klamath and Orleans townships,' and
the third from that line to the south
boundary of Del Norte and Siskiyou
counties. ¦
line, is over 100 miles In length
from north to south, and has an aver
age width of thirty-five miles. In
square miles its area is 350%. and in
acres 2.244.4S0. Fully one-half this.ter
ritory is covered by forest, 475,000 acres
of which is redwood.
With the above facts vouched for,
otherwise well-informed people fre
quently ask: "Is there room and In
ducement to invite any considerable
addition to the present population?"
One who knows the county familiarly
in its length and width, with its par
tially developed ' resources, could make
this candid answer: "Under favorable
conditions and with the promised
coming of a not far distant new era
in existence, there is room and induce
ment for five persons where there is
one now, and that without objection
able congestion."
In all this vast extent of territory,
there is only a small quota that will
not produce abundant crops with
minimum effort and without irrigation.
Land that has been denuded of red
wood timber will, with ordinary prepa
ration and care, produce abundant
crops of clover, fruit, grain and vegeta
bles, and this land can now be secured
at a much lower price than land. in the
great agricultural valleys where irri
gation is required to insure crops.
IN THREE DIVISIONS.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY, the north
boundary of which is less than
forty miles . from the Oregon
Between the redwood belt and the
South Fork Mountain the territory is
almost . entirely given over to grazing
purposes, and the same rule follows
east of the last named range./
! The extreme northeast portion of this
division, including the valley of the
Trinity . River for a half dozen miles,
Is the entrance to Humboldt County's
mining domain, in which a gold harvest
has been reaped continuously for fifty
years. Most of this mineral territory
was acquired through the disorganiza
tion of old Klamath County, nearly
thirty years ago. The deposits are
mainly, of the high gravel class, though
gold is often found in paying quantity
in the: river: banks and bars.' In years
agohe the Chinese Flat mining district
contributed materially to the gold pro
duct of Northern California.
' Forty > years ago ¦ Trinity River was
lined with" miners throughout the last
flftyi miles s of its j course.. Everywhere
along the, west and, north sides of that
stream the high benches show the pres
ence; of : gold in paying quantity. If
the water now flowing idly to the sea
was utilized; hundreds of miners would
be . employed along the lower Trinity
River where. a score are found to-day.
These high deposits exist along Trinity
River in - Humboldt County ; from the
boundary, line to ; the sotheast line of
the Hoopa. Valley Indian Reservation.
Good diggings ; exist within the reser
vation .limits, but, there mining is not
tolerated by other, than the Indian oc-
A •peculiarity, of the redwood timber
belt may be noted here. Virtually It
runs out when the.Bridgeville ciossing
of the-Vari^Duzen River is reached.
And v;hile It extends to Mad River al
moRt' from. Its mouth to the headwaters
of Lawrence Creek, some twenty milna
inland,' in broken sections, but little
redwood;!? found on the east side of
that stream, for many miles. Heavily
timbered; with this species as was the
west slope of Bald Mountain, on the
north side of that stream It Is not found
when the old Major Lupton place, mid
way between Blue Lake and Redwood
Creek, is reached. Yet along the north
fork of Mad River, north of Bald
Mountain, an almost solid belt of red
wood for. many miles is standing to
day. ;.. ¦
REDWOOD TIMBER BELT.
miles from north to south and thirty
five miles from the ocean to the Trin
ity: line; Though only containing about
one-third the territory included in the
north and south divisions, it is by far
the most populous, the city of Eureka
and .town, of Arcata being within the
limit. .Salmon Creek. Elk River, Fresh
water, Jacoby Creek and Mad River
find their way to Humboldt Bay or the
ocean within this division, the latter
strearri traversing it throughout from
the east county boundary to its mouth,
three miles north of Humboldt Bay. It
has a number of important tributaries,
all of which head in the South Fork
mountain range, while the south forjc of
Trinity River is the recognized eastern
boundary of the division and county.
' In this central portion the dairying
interest is largely in evidence— from the
point of Table Bluff to Yager Creek,
and in. the. Salmon Creek and Buck
port' sections, south of Eureka, and
along the bay shore from Ryan Slough
to Arcata. and beyond that town to
Mad River, on the north.
To this will in the near future be
added more than 1000 acres between
the entrance to Humboldt Bay and
Table Bluff, including a great portion of
the marsh land in the ".Boutto Bay"
section, as a result of a recent conces
sion of the War Department to the es
tate of. the late Joseph Russ.
Taking as the starting point of the
second division the line, of Township
Three North, with the south boundary
line of Trinidad, Klamath arid. Orleans
townships ¦ as •, the : north ). limit, ¦. gives :a
strip of central" county territory, twenty
The productive Eel River Valley is
entirely included In* this division,"" and
it 4 with the , Bear River . and Cape Men
docino ridges are the principal . butter
producing localities at the present
time. The export dairy product of the
county in 1899 amounted to : $1,131,055,
and of meats, lard,; tallow and hides .to
$317,145.. It is safe ! to say that by far.
the largest proportion of these products
come' from the three ' localities above
stated. The Eel River salmon fisheries
are a, source- of large annual* income,
thanks to the presence of. an admirably
conducted State £ fish hatchery. J The
lumber and planing; mills of v Scotia,
Fortunas and Newburg are large pro
ducers.: and a 'score of active shingle
mills help to swell the export trade of
this portion of the county. The greater
portion of the large annual shipment of
Humboldt winter apples, always in' ac
tive, demand in ;' the southern coast
cities, are grown south of Table Bluff.
This demand is, established simply be
cause wormy apples are never found In
Humboldt shipments. '
THE BUTTER PRODUCERS.
The entire eastern portion of this di
vision is included in the - South Fork
and Van Duzen townships. In the lat
ter is the famed Fort Baker stock range
of some 30,000 acres, owned by the es
tate-of Honorable Joseph Russ and
Robert Porter of Eureka, as well as the
extensive McClellan and ' Dlnsmore
ranges and others of less note. With
the almost certainty of close-coming
railroad communication with the'out
side world it. may not be hazardous to
predict that I the . population of - this
southern division of Humboldt County
will at least be doubled within the next
ten years. The locations for hundreds
of happy, prosperous homes are there,
and. something, will happen to Induce
their occupancy.
It may be news to some readers to
learn that a "cased in" oil well at
Brlceland, on which work was suspend
ed some years ago, is . now supplying
the natural gas with which that little
town is lighted and heated and that
the supply grows stronger Instead of
diminishing. Excellent samples of coal
have been found in several locations
along the South Fork and an asphalt
deposit is known to exist a few. miles
from Petrolla.
The many fine showings of petroleum
of rare quality in Mattole Valley and
near Brlceland and Garberville have
not ceased to attract attention and. a
disposition to renew development work
on the north -fork of that stream
(where the well on the Wild Goose lo
cation, on which work was suspended
early in the year, shows 130 feet of oil)
it at. this time manifested by San
Francisco capitalists. The new' bark
reduction plant of 'the Wagner Tan
ning Company of Stockton, near grice
land, is proving to be a paying venture
and one which will continue to be. util
ized until the supply "of tanbark oak
in southern and southeastern Hum
boldt is exhausted.
OUTCROPPINGS OF OIL.
hundreds of tons of winter apples an
nually, it is agreed that . fruit grown
In the valleys of the Mattole, South
Fork, Eel and Van Duzen rivers ex
cels in size, firmness and flavor. As
yet Mattole orchards are a two ¦days'
haul from a sea shipping point,, al
though a combined effort is now being
made for provision of such convenience
at or near the mouth of Mattole Riv
er.
BY DAVID. E. GORDON.
Wealth and Advantages of Humboldt County Are Set
Forth in an Interesting Paper.
CHARACTERISTIC SCENES ILLUSTRATIVE OF THE METHODS PURSUED. IN SOME OF THE INDUSTRIES
THAT ARE THRIVING IN THE INTERIOR VALLEYS AND THAT CONTAIN PROMISES OF WEALTH TO
THOSE THAT ARE CONCERNED. - ...
While Th'e Call has it in view to con
vey in its series of articles general in
formation relative to the general ad
vancement of industries as an entity,
no less is it intended to record the ad
vance of the units that make up the
These are some of the general topics
that induce The Call to provide for giv
ing to the public such Information on
material matters relating especially to
the welfare of -California, as may prqve
of profit. The growth of cities and the
lines of development along which they
are moving are of no less interest.
Writers will treat of the cities. The
extension of municipalities furnishes a
sure index to the general growth of the
prosperity of the country surrounding
them, and especially is this true in the
great agricultural State of California.
Cities have their problems that are of
interest to smaller communities." In
these problems is often immediately in
volved the question of prosperity in a
marked degree. Fortunately there are
organizations in the California dtie9
and towns competent to supply and al
ways willing to give information con
cerning all good citizens.
MATTERS. IN DETAIL.
Intelligent men see. that in the pres
ervation of the forests of tho Pacific
Coast means not only conservation of
water supplies, but also keeping timber
enough always for home uses and for
the home building of a great people.
Forestry has become a science engag
ing the attention of a great part of
the world. To cut trees judiciously pre
serves the forests. The thinning out
process, the elimination of dead trees
as a precaution against extensive and
vastly destructive forest fires has been
recognized as necessary. This is ?*> far
removed from the plans of the parties
who denude the land of all Umber of
commercial value and then burn the
lands over as not to be spoken of .as
at all similar in import. Ths National
Government Is taking an active part in
formulating a policy for the preserva
tion of the forests, such as will not de
stroy the timber supply nor yet de
prive the people of the use of such tim
ber as may be needed. This theme Is
capable of wide treatment and it will
receive, at competent hands, all the
attention that space will permit and
public interest demands.'
Regarding the conditions as a whole
prevailing in this State, there seems
to me nothing of which we have any
right to complain.
All lines of industry are active and
prosperous. The general health of the
State is first class. Business is stable,
money is plenty, enterprise is rife,
people are coming, more are being in
terested, and the general march of the
State, re i in sections but in its entire
ty, is onward, making rapid strides
toward the great destiny which we are
all convinced awaits California.
o:i::i::n : i:::::::
makes Chicago and other great Eastern
communities so thriving.
These general considerations involve a
vast variety of details that will be
treated of for The Call by special writ
ers who know whereof they speak. The
possibilities of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin valleys under irrigation Is a
theme to be treated. Special writers
will deal with the subjects of mines
and mining, of forestry, of electrical de
velopments and the various phases of
cheap power, the key to tho manufac
turing era that destiny has in store for
California.
The new industrial year opens up
under favorable conditions. The rains
of the last week, coming down gradu
ally so as to be absorbed by the earth,
which has lain parched all summer, will
not enly bring vegetation and give a
cover of verdure and new life to the
landscape, but will start the farmers
all over California to preparing their
ground and planting the seed for an
other harvest. » . ..
Another feature which has tended to
stimulate enterprise and add to the
prosperity of California is the steadily
increasing immigration to this State,
and particularly the increasing num
ber of tourists, made posible by the
good times prevailing throughout the
country.
past has been one favorable to
the California farmer. Wheat and oth
er cereals have brought good prices.
The fruit men, as a whole, have re
ceived such returns on their products
as have left them a margin on the
l>roflt side of the ledger. These condi
tions have reflected themselves on all
lines of business in California and have
resulted in a very prosperous year.
Added to this may be mentioned the
increasing commerce of , the Coast,
which has manifested itself in the way
of stimulated activity within our sea
ports and other trade centers.
As is natural under such conditions,
building in the principal cities has been
brisk, which, in turn, has stimulated
the demands for labor, for lumber and
for all the commodities that enter into
construction.
WHILE the calendar year closes
January 1, the crop year closes
about now, and the year just
3Y J. A. FILCHER.
If a man is settled right he becomes
a tax producer and contributes, not
only to his own wealth, but to the
wealth of every one in the Stat«. If the
settler is not satisfactorily located he
becomes a. tax consumer. For this rea
son the-resources of California will not
be of advantage to the settler unless he
is well placed, nor will he be a factor
In the development of the State un
less he produces ¦ as well as consumes.
The warm encouragement given to all
classes of producers on the part of Cal-
It is : largely due to the special ad
vertising of California's industries that
persons who have been previously en
gaged in those k industries elsewhere
take up similar callings in California
and pursue them satisfactorily^ If a
man wishes to go Into poultry raising,
we have In our interior section ad
mirably adapted to that industry. If
he wishes to engage in small farming
we can suit him. "If he wishes to en
gage in dairying there are ' many sec
tions- where he will not make a mistake."
The same rule holds true of many In
dustries.
Indeed there are dairymen- who pre
dict that in ten years California will be
the chief State in the United States in
the export of dairy products. With a
growing population and an Increasing
local demand there has been no serious
danger In California of overproduc
tion. In fact the demand for products
has been fully sustained, despite the
Increasing output.
When one considers that California is
the second largest State in the Union,
with a seaboard greater than the entire
Xen- .England coast, and that it has a
population considerably less than two
millions,' despite its natural resources,
a logical reason appears why a desir
able class of people should be invited
to come to this State. • },
It Is not the purpose of any organiza
tion Interested In our progress to ob
tain an . unwilling settler: the idea ia
more to choose from the vast resources
present in this State what will most
suit the individual.
ADVERTISING RESOURCES.
RETURNS FROM FARMS.
Small farms In California have been
found to yield large average returns.
The cultivation of small fruits, berries
and vegetables, as well as dairying,
poultry and stock raising, etc., is to be
encouraged when local conditions are
favorable. Large tracts have been sub
divided and are now yielding, under in
telligent cultivation, great average
profits per acre.
No Industry has done more or will
do more to develop California than
dairying. Conducted on a scale of the
present it is of comparatively re
cent origin. A large acreage of alfalfa
amounting in California to upwards of
300,000 acres has encouraged this indus
try, while climatic conditions permit
cattle to be pastured throughout the
year without housing, giving favorable
contrast to the East, where it is neo
essary to feed and house cattle through
the winter.
This invitation on the part of Cali
fornia to the independent and resource
ful settler of small means is, to my
way of thinking, the greatest element
in the development of the interior re
gions of this State. It is by peopling
the great fertile valleys of the San
Joaquin and Sacramento, our Irrigated
stretches south of the Tehachepi, our
coast counties and the fertile grass
valleys of our mountain counties, that
California will yield the greatest of
which she is capable. This, to my mind,
is the finest thing which can be
achieved by any person, nation or
State; in other words, to put to good
use all resources.
THE GREAT ELEMENT.
is not to be found in the large
averages of a phenomenal year, but
rather it te in the steady growing in
many sections of the State and the in^
crement to average wealth, that tells of
substantial advance among the citizens
at large. j
The large addition to our rural popu
lation of a class of citizens. who farm
on a comparative small scale and who
cultivate the land intensively is not
only a favorable comment on the char
acter of the productive wealth of Cali
fornia's soil, but it is the most hopeful
sign of the capacity of this State to
support a great rural population.
Perhaps the clearest indication on the
part of California people to admit and
welcome among themselves, settlers
from other States, is the growing ten
dency t > break up large holdings of
land into small tracts so that there
may be an opportunity for the man who
wishes to cultivate a limited holding.
Of course, every one realizes that there
was for many years an inclination to
keep the land in great blocks, which
discouraged or made it impossible for
the Eastern farmer to get any consid
erable foothold here. This was partly
due to the fact that holdings were
through larze Spanish grants confirmed
upon California's entrance to the
Union. . *
THE surest Index of the progress
of the interior of California and
the steady increase in production
BY RUFUS P. JENNINGS.
Jen ni ngs Sees
Sign of General
Awakening,
Filcher Ascribes
Reasons for
Success.
the conservation of water In California
end the preservation of the forests on
the Elopes of the Sierra will turn to
tmiling acres large areas that are now
»cmi-arid or completely so. The people
R-ho will populate the lands will fur
tish a home demand such as primarily
will raw materials that are not found
nere but are essential to manufacturing
on this coast be transported hither at
ihe minimum ccst.
A great increase of population on the
Pacific Coast a,nd especially In Cali
fornia in the next few years is inevita
ble. When raw materials come in
cheaply to the port of San Francisco
and can be moved to the interior at
rates as advantageous as those that
have been given to faclltate the move
ments of west-bound freights, manu
facturing will greatly advance here.
MAKING TRADE FIELD.
Irrigation in Nevada, irrigation and
ing trade.
Take the chart and figure out great
circle tailing and it will readily ap
pear that the shortest distance to the
orient from the Atlantic Coast, via the
Panama canal, will be by way of San
Francisco. As the raw and manufac
tured products of California will be
Kiven cheap movement to market, so
PURPOSE IS INDICATED
In these few preliminary words th*
object that The Call has In view may
be sufficiently indicated. A weekly
picture of the industrial progress of the
State will be presented to the readers
Of The CalL To secure the co-operation
of all persons •who can speak with au
thority no pains v.ill be spared. Pre
eminently an agricultural and mining
State by reason of soil, climate and by
the wealth of gold, copper, petroleum,
coal and other minerals that are in its
ledges and sands, yet geographical pos
ition confers a wider destiny on Cali
fornia than being only the garden of
the world and source of supply of the
precious metal, gold.
Its relation to the Orient and the
islands of the Pacific, which have been
the theme for many years of those who
have seen the great harbor of San
Francisco and the seaward passage
afforded by the Golden Gate, may be
even dwarfed into Insignificance by
the new waterway to be opened up for
proud fleets moving between Califor
nia and the ports of all the world. This
phase of the new prospect for Califor
nia will be treated soon by an intelli
gent writer of prominence. So 6urely
is the canal through the Isthmus of
Panama to open great possibilities for
all dwellers on the Pacific Coast and
especially for California, that earnest
thought is directed to that measure of
public concern. •>;'-
The distance to all markets will be
shortened by water by thousands of
miles for all agricultural and other pro
ducts of this State. Perhaps even more
important than this is the considera
tion that, when the indomitable man
who sits in the Presidential chair shall
have succeeded in making the Panama
canal an actuality, the day of high
freight rates between California and all
other parts of the world must fall in
both directions to meet the lower cost
and profit needed for Bea carriage of
freights. There -will be no breaking of
cargoes on through voyages; there will
be no limit to competition in the carry-
Representative men identified with
these organizations have supplied from
their respective points of view facts
concerning California, its present con
dition, its inherent elements of prog
ress, its opportunities for and steps to
ward development. J. A. Filcher is a
member of the board of directors of
the California State Board of Trade
and Rufus P. Jennings is the execu
tive officer of the California Promotion
Committee. Mr. Filcher-ls now a com
missioner for this State to the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition that will
• •pen its doors at St. Louis next year.
While he has been engaged in devising
ways and means to collect a represent
ative series of exhibits for the great
world's fair of 1504, he has had oppor
tunities to come into immediate touch
with practically every industry in the
State. He therefore speaks with
knowledge as great as is possessed by
any man in California about the sub
ject matter.
The large amount of t pace that will
be required to do Justice to a larg« sub
ject is not grudged. It is given freely
for the good of the commonwealth of
California. Realizing that there are
many persons whose exceptional facil
ities for getting in touch with the vital
interests of the State give them a wide
horizon when they gaxe at the indus
trial aspect of California — and by this
is comprehended all those agencies that
affect industries, either immediately
or prospectively— The Call will Invite
euch favored individuals to give to
public knowledge that which they have
learned as men and women of affairs,
that all may reap a common good.
There are two agencies in San Fran
cisco and many In the interior and the
coast counties of California that are
eagerly striving to give the ¦world re
liable information of the lordly domain
which has San Francisco for Its chief
port of entry, and which also has many
trade centers eligibly situated to foster
enterprises peculiar to localities and
to serve as distributors to and feeders
of adjacent territory. The San Fran
cisco bodies disseminating information
for the public weal are the California
State Board of Trade and the Califor
nia Promotion Committee of San
Francisco.
MORE than ever before the
splendid future of the pro
ductive resources of Califor
nia is acen by all careful ob
servers. It is the purpose of
The Call to direct attention as largely
as possible to such resources. The
first of a series of pages is presented
this morning, which, it 1b confidently
hoped, xriU serve to advertise Califor
nia abroad and stimulate activity and
interest at home.
A panoramic view Is afforded of the
industries of Stockton. There are thir
teen grain warehouses in the city, with
an aggregate capacity for storage i?f
175.000 tons. Not all the grain in the
county is warehoused. Much of It is
shipped directly to San Francisco by
boats that load from the/ teams. But a
very considerable volume of both wheat
and barley finds its way into the Stock
ton warehouses. The flouring mills of
Stockton consume immense quantities
of grain.
The only window glass factory west
It is a matter of common knowledge
that San Joaquin County Is prolific in
vegetables, especially in potatoes, on
ions and beans, for which it i3 partic
ularly noted; that dairying and cream
eries are important industries and at*:
conducted successfully; that the re
claimed or tule lands of the county are
very rich, that something like 5000 bales
of wool are annually sold in Stockton,
thereby indicating it to be a wool cen
ter; that grapes are a leading product
and that the county has .in area of
-planted vineyards amounting to more
than 13,000 acres, of which mere than
two-thirds has yet to come into bear
ing; that deciduous fruits are a special
ty. Some striking figures ar» supplied
relative to the acreage in deciduous
fruits as follows:
Peaches, for instance, of which there
were in 1893. 52.338 bearing trees, have
increased in 1903 to 137.380 bearing
trees. There were 5484 cherry trees in
1895: in 1903 the returns are 21.200.
There were 4S.S30 apricot trees in the
year stated: in 1903 there are 32,543 of
the same kind of trees. The apple hail
2625 trees in 1S95; In 1303 it has 10.140
trees. There were 447 olive trees bear
ing in 1895; in 1903 there are 18.742 of
the same trees. There were 831 orango
trees in 1895; In 1903 there are 2114.
and 291 lemon trees. There are also
1185 non-bearing orange trees. The
Assessor's tables also allow us for 1902.
4305 fig trees. 22.742 pear trees. 37.02S
prune trees. 11.146 almond trees with
5214 not yet in bearing. There are also
490 bearing walnut trees, with 310 not
yet in bearing.
The largest orchard In the county de
voted exclusively to the growing of
almonds is that of County Assessor C.
L. Ortroan. located about eight miles
east of Stockton. Mr. Ortman's orchard
was planted by himself thirteen years
ago. His crop now amounts to from
twenty-five to thirty-five tons per year,
worth from $200 to $250 per ton. This
year his crop was about twenty-five tons
and the price was 10 1-3 cents per
pound, or about $265 per ton, his entire
crop yielding him upwards of $5000. or
$100 per acre. Last year his orchard
turned oft about $9750. as the tree*
yielded thirty-seven tons and the price
was 12% cents, or over $250 per ton- ,
INDUSTRIES OF STOCKTON.
co-operated to make an ex
cellent showing for their home county
through the agency of a special edition
of the Stockton Independent. Many
pages could be filled with the details.
Some illustrative paragraphs point out
the fact that San Joaquin County has
great advantages. For instance, F. J.
Dietrich writes that the county "almost
in the very center of ths great interior
valley of California ana midway be
tween the Pacific Ocean and the Ne
vada State line offers the beat possible
advantages to the farmer, the fruit
raiser, the vineyardlst. dairyman or
manufacturer. Productive soils, a mild
climate, a rainfall averaging something
over fifteen inches, cheap transporta
tion and nearness to good markets form
the basis of the county's prosperity."
J. P. Lippincott of the United States
Geological Survey calls attention to the
fact that San Joaquin County 13 trav
ersed by four rivers — the San Joaquin,
the Mokelumne, the Stanislaus and the
Calaveras. Mr. Lippincott sara:
For the greatest success in agricul
ture the soil must be rich, the sunshine
must be constant and the drainage must
be perfect. All of these requirements
are seldom found in one locality. Nature
has been bountiful San Joaquin
County, where all the above conditions
are found, with one exception — the pre
cipitation Is neither sufficient nor prop
erly distributed. The mean rainfall for
the twenty-five years preceding 18DI
was 13.18 inches. During the growing
and ripening months, from May to Oc
tober, inclusive, the rainfall is practi
cally nothing. However, nature has
made it possible for man to control the
application of water to the soil. Lying
to the east of the Sacramento and San
Joaqutn valleys is the great Sierra.
Nevada; some of the peaks in this range
being more than 14.000 feet in eleva
tion.
Edward Hughes says: "Take It al
together the climate of the region of
which Stockton is the center is very
exceptional and not only most perfectly
adapted to the industrial needs, but to
the health and comfort of its people as
well."
Dr. Ladd claims that tho vital stat
istics "show that Stockton is one of the
healthiest cities in the United States.
Its average death rate, year by year, ia
from twelve to thirteen per 1000, a rate
much lower than that of many cities
of the State and among th* lowest."
• PROLIFIC IN CHOPS.
MERCHANTS, manufacturers,
farmers, educators and others
prominent ia the stirring life
of San Joaquin County have
San Joaquin Rich
in Soil and
Products.
Many Factors
Point the Way
to Pursue.
Splendid Future
Is Assured by
Conditions.
Local Historians
Tell of Great
Valley.
RESOURCES OF GREAT STATE OF CALIFORNIA ENGAGE EARNEST
ATTENTION OF MEN OF PUBLIC SPIRIT, WHO TELL OF HER RICHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L; MONDAY, NOVEMBER .16, 1903.
5SACRAMENTO people drink river water. So to a
large extent do the residents of many communities
situated where the Sacramento River flows: The watei
is clearer than it was before the Caminetti law restricted
mining by hydraulic process and lessened the flow of detritus
into navigable streams in this State. Slickens could not,
however, be arraigned for all the impurities to be found in
the rivers. Other causes that interfere with river water as
a beverage remain and in the nature of river environments
will continue. The Sacramento Bee has undertaken to edu
cate its Teaders relative to possible remedial measures. Inci
dental to this it has made certain researches, and the state
ments made are of more than local' interest. "¦
Secretary Foster of the State Board of Health is first quo
ted as saying that polluted water is responsible for nearly all
cases of typhoid fever and also for many diseases. He urges
the citizens of Sacramento to provide some plan for the de
struction or disposal of sewage other than by turning it into
the river and also advocates measures. to prevent the defile
ment of the river above Sacramento. He has served notice
upon Sacramento that it must cease turning its unpurified
sewage into the stream that flows through it.
The Bee has called into council H. T. Cory, at one time
dean of the College of Engineering of the University of Cin
cinnati. According to Mr. Cory's view of the situation it
will be impossible to make the waters of the Sacramento
pure either below or above Sacramento and satisfactory for
drinking purposes without artificial purification. If Sacra
mento and the sewered town J above were compelled, to put
in sewage purification plants the water below the, city would
still remain unsatisfactory for human consumption and would
still need purification for domestic purposes/Independent
of sewage flowing in • from above < Sacramento there are still
other sources of contamination. Organic matter from sew
age is no more objectionable, holds Mr. Cory, than that from
other sources. Only, the pathogenic or disease producing
eerms "in sewace are". to be dreaded. Police "supervision' of
PURIFYING THE SACRAMENTO.
A Denver minister, training his vocal artillery upon the
politicians, has urged his congregation and all others who
may be interested in good government to go to the polls
next month armed with rifles and fortified with a determina
tion to purify the ballot with hot lead. As the election is
for a new charter let the voters read and reflect, study the
story of San Francisco and be content with the noise of
battle in the minister's mouth.
Causes of Failure.
Analyzing the causes of failure In the
United States in 1902. American Indus
tries finds that out of 9371 failures, 20
per- cent were due to incompetence. 30
per cent to lack of capital, 17 per cent
to special circumstances beyond the
business man's control, 10 per cent to
fraud and 7 per cent to inexperience.
Lack of capital, it appears, is the most
dangerous factor in the business life,
as it is the greatest obstacle to getting
into business. Incompetence, together
with inexperience, which amounts to
incompetence, accounts for a very large
percentage of failures. If to incompe
tence and inexperience we add "unwise
credits," we find that 30 per cent of
failures are explained. It amounts to
this, in brief, that nearly a third of
those who fail in business are not well
qualified for it; another third try to do
too large a business, and the rest fail
by reason of fraud, competition, ex
travagance, neglect, failures of others,
speculation and causes beyond the wla
est man's control.— Baltimore Sun.
Belgium at the Fair.
"Work has begun on Belgium's build
ing at the World's Fair. The pavilion
when finished will be, architecturally, a
handsome and highly decorated build
ing, a reproduction of the Antwerp
Town Hall. The structure will be con
structed mostly of steel. Material for
it is now on the way, having recently
left Antwerp on a Red Star steamer.
Belgium will make exhibits in many
departments, including a contribution
to the Model Street. In the Model
Street exhibit will be artistic lamp
posts and electric lamps, beautiful
wremghtiron sign boards, specimens of
festive day street decoration, and pho
tographs of the finest fountains and
parks in Belgium.
The enormous new coal mines recent
ly discovered in Campine, the Belgium
district contiguous to Holland, will be
exploited at the fair to show what a
reserve of wealth, long unsuspected
and yet untouched, exists In this tiny
kingdom.
The First Rains.
There is gladness in the canyon, there is
music there to-day:
A rippling and a prattling in the little,
baby stream.
The great, majestic mountains brood in
. cowls of somber gray;
And the Great Mother moves in sleep
with promise in her dream.
Like little maidens dancing.
Come the brown waters glancing
Where the fitful shafts of sunlight thro'
the Spanish mosses gleam.
There is music In the canyon. On the
laurel's glossy leaves
The rain comes pitter-patter with a
gentle, lulling: sound:
And old Nature's busy shuttle a varied
pattern weaves, _
Where tiny runlets wander o'er the
thirsty, sun-baked ground. .. ¦
The wind comes softly over
With subtle breath of clover;
And a hint of little secrets that were
In its journey* found.
There is music in the wheatland where
the autumn stubble lies;
And laughter where the little stream
its greater kinsman joins;
Such Joy and Jubilation in the bounty
from the skies.
That cools the breast of brown old
earth, and laves her dusty groins —
And she thrills with passion's fire:
And she throbs with great desire;
To .release the life renascent In the deep
ness of her loins.
Ah! the music in the canyon finds in
yearning hearts to-day
An echo in the symphonies that deep
and dormant He:
For the sky that seemeth grieving— the
.mountains mourning gTay —
Are segments of the promise of a har
vest by and by.
Like the prisoned life in earth,
Shall my soul renew its birth-
Rise to love and youth immortal tho'
Death croons a lullaby!
il -G. N. LOWE.
THE late C. P. Huntingtoh had a positive genius for
estimating the capacity of a country for future devel
opment. He and his associates built railroads for
developmental purposes, and halt the strength to retain con
trol of them and the patience to wait for the profit that was
sure when people came to touch latent resources into life.
He had a high idea of the future of the Congo Free State,
in Africa,. and showed his faith by investment in a railroad
in that region. He believed that there the United States
would find a field for commerce of such magnitude as to
deserve our sympathy with the King of Belgium in his ef
fort to make commercial conquest of the country.
The Congo Free State is in tropical Africa and its north
ern third js traversed by the equator. But, except the neck
that follows the Congo River to the coast it is a high pla
teau, densely forested and with a climate less trying than
other parts of equatorial Africa. Its area is 900,000 square
miles and its population 14,000,000. The world owes its
first knowledge of Congo to the explorer Stanley. In 1897,
in an address to the Savage Club, at Durban, he indulged
in this retrospection: \
"I have just come back from Victoria, that wonderful
country which ought to have been ours. But this was not
our only mistake in Africa. When I came home from my
exploration in Central Africa I was met at Marseilles by the
representatives of King Leopold, that most perspicacious
and well-informed monarch, with most brilliant and fair
proposals, but I thought it my duty to go first to England
and offer my countrymen that marvelous land I had trav
eled through. I gave ninety-nine lectures and presided at
almost as many meetings, and when I saw how little they
appreciated what I had done and how little they realized the
enormous riches of the Congo, I felt disgusted with my own
people, and, keeping my promise, I went to Brussels, where
I met King Leopold. Every one sees to-day the marvels
Leopold effected in that country, how well he was helped by
hii subjects, and the world is amazed at what Belgium has
done. There was our mistake, gentlemen. The Transvaal
ought to have been ours, and you refused the wealth I
brought you from the Congo River."
We quote this because we have been getting too much of
what we think we know about the Belgian administration
of the Congo from English sources, and it is apt to be
tinged with disappointment that what is probably the rich
est part of Central Africa was permitted to slip through the
fingers of Great Britain. Among the statements that have
been current are many absurdities, and it is worth the while
of the American press and public to seek the facts and to
acquire a better knowledge of the vast commercial possibil
ities of the Congo, which have for us a peculiar interest.
The Congo nati'/es were cannibals and had a lot of hideous
customs, such as mutilation of the dead, a system of slavery
and savage practices in war. While Belgium has had to
use stern measures to eradicate these barbarisms, there is
no evidence that the agents of King Leopold are using any
means that are unnecessarily harsh to effect the civilization
of the millions and convert their fine qualities and rplendid
energies into activities useful to themselves and the world.
It was the opinion of Mr. Huntington that they could be
transformed into a nation whose trade the world would
eagerly seek. Mr. Lerman, an Austrian and member of the
International African Asociation, says: "The natives had
long practiced mutilation of the dead. . It had existed for
centuries, and the state does its utmost to suppress it. But
the state has existed only eleven years. How can it be ex
pected to obtain in that brief time a result similar to that
obtained by Belgium herself after eighteen centuries in
building up a state out of a region where Caesar found hu
man sacrifice practiced by the Druids and where torture
prevailed in the middle ages? In my native country slavery
was abolished as late, as 1848, and did not cease in Russia
until 1862."
Mr. Brown, a Protestant missionary, writing to the Lon
don Times, says: "Things have vastly improved in the
Congo as far as the natives are concerned. During my nine
years' work there I have seen vast improvement in the gov
ernment of the country." Mr. Grey, the English engineer,
says the slav;e trade has ceased, the traders being afraid to
come near the Belgian posts. To such an extent have con
ditions changed with the advent of Belgian administration
that many small chiefs are now recovering individuals raid
eu" from their tribes by stronger neighbors, who had not
been already sold when Belgian control reached the country.
The late British Consul, Pickersgill, in his consular report,
said that credit is due to Belgium for the decline of canni
balism, though complete purgation from that evil will re
quire a long time. §0 it is evident that slavery, cannibalism
and the practices of barbarism are being dealt with by Bel
gium, and that kingdom should, especially in this. country,
get deserved credit for its work.
The natural resources , were evidently not over-estimated
by Stanley. The country is rich in rubber, in the valuable
hardwoods of commerce, in- minerals of all kinds, and the
density of its native population shows it to be probably the
best of all the tropical countries on the planet. . With . Bel
gium friendly, as she is, to American enterprise, there is in
the Congo a field for our surplus energy, and it is to be a
field for a share of our surplus production. When our
isthmian canal is finished this coast will be brought within
easy reach of the mouth of the Congo. By dropping south
through only, thirty degrees of latitude we will be on an
almost direct line with the Congo River, which, no doubt,
drains the richest part of Africa. -,.
Scarcity of Maple Sugar.
"The maple sugar crop, like every other
crop, is much below the average this
year," said a wholesale dealer in Murray
street the other day. says the New York
Times. "The supply from Vermont, our
main reliance for New York and the ex
port market, la about 40 per cent below
normal. In a good year we get 330,000
pounds of maple sugar from Vermont and
about 200,000 gallons of syrup. The Ver
mont supply is considered the standard,
both in quality and quantity, all over tha
United States. "We shall be lucky this
season If we get 200.000 pounds of sugar
and 150,000 gallons of syrup from that
State.
"Ohio used to come next as a reliable
source of staple supply. But shipments
from there to New York have been
dwindling so fast for five years that they
have virtually ceased. So far as I can
find out New York will not get ten pounds
of sugar from Ohio this season.
i "New York State comts third. The
sugar we get from the Adirondack region
is particularly good, but the quantity pro
duced this year is very much below the
normal. Shipments from Pennsylvania
are good this year. Since the Siate For
estry Commission put a stop to the whole
sale destruction of woodland, maples in
the Keystone State have been yielding
syrup of fine quality and in fair quantity.
"Naturally, scarcity increases the price.
There is so little competition that com
mission men have to give what the farm
ers ask. Five years ago we could buy all
the maple sugar we wanted In New York
at from 5 to 6 cents a pound by the
carload and syrup at 53 cents a gallon.
This year we have to pay from 10 to 13
cents a pound for sugar by the carload
and from 75 cents to $1 a gallon for maple
syrup. A cold and rainy summer is re
sponsible for it.
"Adulteration? Of course there la, lots
of it. Very little of the alleged maple
sugar sold In groceries and on candy
stands contains 20 per cent of maple. It
is not so easy to adulterate syrup, but a
great deal of it is done."
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, SOc a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market «t. above Call bids. •
; The blundering indecision of our local officials in refer
ence to the site and plans for a new city and county hospital
may invalidate the bond issue necessary to the erection of
this vitally. required building. 'San Francisco is paying a
heavy price for the luxury of charter government \
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. *
Freaks of the insane.
"It is beyond the comprehension of
tire human mind to arrive at the many
idiosyncrasies of demented persons, as
I have found them during my time as
an examiner of insane patents brought
before the Commissioners of Lunacy in
this city," s,aid Dr. McGettigan. as he
stretched his limbs over a chair while
waiting for a Superior Judge to sign
commitments for persons who had been
declared insane at the City Hall a few
days ago. " #
"Out of the many, I recollect four pe
culiar cases which would be amusing
'were it not for the fact that it was
sad to see how helpless an insane per
son is vhen reason becomes dethroned.
One was a man who .had been married
over fifty years to his wife, when all
of a sudden he became insanely Jeal
ous of her, accusing her of embracing
the Mohammedan religion and becom
ing a priestess, all because she bought
a Turkish rug of a peddler. Another
had conceived the idea that his ana
tomical construction had been provided
with a class; he feared if he sat. down
Of course, no price tag was found, but
Jklrs. Smith did find a tag on the floor
bearing the figures $2. "It must have
fallen off the coat," said Mrs. Smith,
and she let the poor woman have it at
that price.
There is a lively row on between
two ladies of a certain church of Ala
meda. It commenced at the recent
rummage sale held by the ladies of the
church. Where it will end is hard to
say, for, though the sale occurred sev
eral weeks ago, these two ladies, both
active workers in the church, still cast
frosty glances at one another as they
pass.
For convenience sake, they shall be
Mrs.- Blank and Mrs. Smith. Before
the sale Mrs. Blank was the owner of a
coat that, in the language of the female
members of this particular church,
"was just too lovely for anything."
Now a poor woman who washes for a
living is wearing the coat. She got it
at the sale, and that is the reason why
Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Blank are at outs.
It appears that Mrs. Blank arrived
somewhat late at the sale. Seeing the
large crowd present, and feeling desir
ous of making amends for her tardi
ness, she pulled off her elegant coat,
dropped it on the most convenient pile
o-f old clothes, and. taking a prospective
purchaser in tow, guided her about the
hall in search of some article of wear
ing apparel she needed.
Now, Mrs. Smith was doing the same
thing with the poor washer-woman.
The latter wanted a coat and Mrs.
Smith was anxious to sell her one. In
the course of their perambulations they
came across the pile on the top of
which lay Mrs. Blank's stylish gar
ment.
Charity, and Peace.
TRADE IN CONGO.
The forests are largely confined to the
rainy side of the mountains and are
ppceasary as a protective cover to keep
the ground from washing from the
¦lopes and the rain from rushing back
The forest conditions of the islands
are unlike any that prevail in this
country. William L. Hall of the Bu
reau of Forestry, who has Just returned
from a two months' examination of
the islands, reports peculiar and inter
esting problems which forestry must
Bolve there. The islands contain
scarcely any forest capable of yielding
timber of value for lumber. Nearly all
the lumber used for building purposes
comes Jrom the Pacific Coast. But
there are several hundred thousand
acres of forest land of the greatest
value for protective purposes. Indeed,
bo great is the importance of these for
ests that on their preservation depends
the existence of the sugar industry and
that Is equivalent to saying the con
tinued prosperity of the islands. The
sugar exports of the last fiscal year
amounted to $25,000,000, and sugar is
practically the only export. The rais
ing of sugar requires an enormous
amount of water, nearly all of which
must be supplied by irrigation, the wa
ter being carried in flumes and ditches
from the wet, mountainous parts of the
Islands to the dry plains on which the
sugar cane is grown. The rainfall of
the Islands is nearly all confined to the
northeast and east mountain slopes,
•where it is tremendously heavy, some
years more than 200 inches. On the
other Bide of the divide, and in the
plains beyond, where the sugar cane
grown., there may be no more than fif
teen inches of rain a year.
The Territorial Government of the
Hawaiian Islands will appoint as su
perintendent of forestry this winter a
man furnished it by the Bureau of For
estry, who will take charge of import
ant projects for the betterment of the
islands' forests. The man appointed
will have the responsibilities of deter
mining the location and the boundaries
of a system of forest reserves, and lat
er of superintending a great deal of
forest planting, both on public and pri
\-ate lands.
(From report of rr.U*d Ftatr>» Bureau of For
estry, date of November 3.)
The importance of finding a satisfac
tory substitute for spruce for the
manufacture of paper pulp led to a
commercial studv of the balsam fir,
which Ranhae! G. Zon of the Bu
reau of Forestry has Just concluded.
The rapid disappearance of spruce,
the best tree in the north woods for
the manufacture of pulp, has forced
pulp makers to use more and more
balsam, and has brought that tree, once
despised and neglected, into a very im
portant place. Four years ago prac
tically no balsam was used by pulp
manufacturers, many of whom are now
using from 25 to 50 per cent of it. The
amount of balsam used depends entire
ly on the spruce supply near where the
different mills are located. The smaller
the amount of cpruce available the
greater is the amount of balsam used.
Pulp manufacturers find balsam the
best substitute for spruce which can
be found in the north woods. Other
trees there are which might serve well
for paper pulp, but they are not native
to the country where the mills are lo
cated. Pulp mills are enormously
heavy and expensive, and the wood
must be brought to them— they cannot
be takon to the wood. The pulp man,
therefore, in hs choice of a substitute
for his diminishing supply of spruce,
is confined to the very few species that
grow In association with spruce, and of
the.«e species balsam is at once the
most abundant and the most promis
ing.
The present method of making pulp
out of balsam is to grind it or treat It
with chemicals along with spruce. The
results are not satisfactory. Balsam
mixed with spruce produces an inferior
grade of pulp. Mr. Zon suggests that it
would be much better if balsam were
handled independently of spruce. The
balsam fibers are not nearly so tough
and strong as those of spruce, and the
pressure of the grinders, which are ad
justed for spruce fibers, is too powerful
for the fibers of balsam and they are
torn and weakened. For the same rea
son the chemicals used in the treatment
of spruce fibers weaken and dissolve
the fibers of balsam when used in the
same strength. Examples of what can
be done with balsam in the manufac
ture of- paper are found in France,
where the tree is made to produce good
book papers. There not only the main
trunk but even the top of the tree is
used. \ . ,
The silvicultural features of the bal
sam are related by Mr. Zon. who has
studied the tree carefully throughout
its range, but particularly in Maine
end the Adirondacks. Spruce has been
cut. for many years, while balsam has
scarcely been cut at all; hence balsam
has taken the place of and is crowding
out the spruce. This change In species
in the north woods is hastened by the
great superiority of balsam as a seed
tree, for balsam bears seeds every
year, while the spruce seeds only once
In seven years. These conditions make
it apparent how very desirable it is
that pulp manufacturers should use
balsam wherever possible, for in doing
po they not only lessen the drain on the
limited amount of spruce left, but they
give the tree a chance to grow and re
produce itself. This point Mr. Zon
brings out forcefully.
The results of Mr. Zon's work will
appear this winter in the form of a
bulletin published by the Bureau of
Forestry-
Facts in Forestry.
"One very bright young fellow, a
graduate of our university, had fig
ured out in his mind that when the
North Pole would be discovered a tun
nel would be found leading into the
earth's center, where a huge dynamo
would be located which produced the
revolution of the earth. So well posted
was he on figures that he could tell to a
mile the distance from the top of the
pole to the equator and also the cir
cumference of the earth.
"The most remarkable thing about
all of these poor people was that on all
other subjects they were apparently as
sane as any of us sitting here, and if
it had not been that they were a nui
sance to their neighbors by the annoy
ance caused by their walking about
their quarters at all unreasonable hours
of the night, they might be considered
harmless creatures, too Innocent to be
committed to the keeping of an asy
lumV
refused to rest unless it was by lying
on his stomach. A very devout wo
man had conceived the idea that one of
her feet had become apostate and
Joined a heretical sect. To punish this
member she positively refused to wear
either shoe or stocking as a covering,
taking this method of punishing the
rebellious member.
e would fracture the portion so fitted
o his person. As a consequence he
A new Warden has. been chosen for Folsom penitentiary.
The ingoing official has one extremely significant advantage
over most men who accept public office and ask popular
consideration until their merit or* defects be established.
Whatever the administration of the newly appointed officer
may be it cannot be worse than that now closing.
GENERAL recession continues all along the commer
cial line and includes merchandise, grains, industrial
branches and the 'stock market. Here and there
some improvement and even expansion is noted, but as a rule
trade is subsiding both in volume of'transactions and in
values. This is reflected by the country's bank clearings;
which showed a loss last week of 30.8 per cent from the cor
responding week in 1902, with most of the dozeVi great cities
on the wrong side of the exhibit, New York leading with a
decrease of 28 per cent. But the volume of clearings is keep
ing up remarkably well, exceeding $2,000,000,000, over half of
which is credited to New York. Still the general aspect is
one of apathy and unwillingness on, the part of the controll
ing interests to sustain prices. Thus the great packing con
cerns of the West decline to support their provision mar
kets, or at best their support is ianguid; the powerful finan
cial interests of New York are contemplating the steady re
cession in stocks with comparative indifference, contenting
themselves with reiterating that stocks are too low and that
they can now be safely purchased for investment; the im
mense iron and steel mills, no longer overwhelmed with rush
orders, calmly close down or greatly restrict their output,
while the speculating public cannot be induced to plunge
either in railroad stocks in Wall street or in grain and pro
vision futures at Chicago. There is no apprehension any
where to amount to anything, nor any indication of a spasm;
the feeling seems to be one of apathy, as if the whole mer
cantile and financial country regarded the current lull as
something long anticipated, "more or less discounted and
quite the proper thing under the circumstances, and it prob
ably is.
The fact is we are now experiencing what everybody has
been expecting for a year or two and it has been pretty well
discounted. It does not come like a thunderbolt from the
blue sky like the panic of 1893, and therefore exhibits no sin
ister features. We all knew that the boom could not last
forever and that quieter times would surely ensue, and those
quieter times have come. : •
Considering the staples individually we have a much
slower iron and steel market, with diminished production
and consumption and lower quotations; a weak and irregu
lar provision market, with increasing supplies of hogs and
declining prices; a wool situation characterized by heavy
and accumulating stocks and easy quotations; a weak and
slack hide and leather market, with plenty of supplies on
hand; a nervous cotton market, which is fluctuating fever
ishly according to the tenor of the crop reports, and sluggish
grain markets, due largely to the fine crop prospects
throughout the world and the statements from England and
the continent that they can get along without calling on
America for any very large quantity of wheat. This asser
tion is thus far affirmed by the fact that our exports for the
crop year to date are about 40,000,000 bushels less than .dur
ing the corresponding period in 1902.
But while the wheat exports show this deficiency the
general exports of the country are not making a bad exhibit
and have lately shown some expansion, the exports of the
leading products aggregating the second largest total ever
recorded in October. Still it must not be overlooked that
stocks of almost all lines are increasing with such steadiness
that cautious business men are looking forward to still lower
prices in the future. Cotton, as mentioned a week ago, is an
exception, as the South is marketing an enormous quantity
and. at excellent prices.
The situation in the Western coal fields is better than a
week ago, though still disturbed and uncertain. Labor
troubles are reported in different parts of the country and
predictions that wages must conform to the lower conditions
by declining in sympathy are being met by the labor leaders
with the assertion that labor will not consent to any reduc
tion in wages. This attitude, does not look very favorable
for peaceful labor conditions in the near future, which of
course is producing an unfavorable effect upon business.
In considering the business situation as outlined above it
will be seen that we are at last- apparently on the ebb tide
and drifting toward a lower plane of values all along the
line. Profusion^ of money will give way to profusion of
supplies, shrinkage of profits and less demand for labor, and
while there is nothing in the outlook to cause alarm there
is sufficient to lead the careful to keep their financial fences
in repair and conduct their business with discretion. In this
connection it may not be amiss to note that the failures
throughout the country last week, while not large or*espe
cially prominent, numbered 283, against 241 for the corre j
sponding week in 1002. .^
"The death of Supreme Judge Temple
of Santa Rosa a few months ago re
minded me of an accident in his ca
reer," said a well known Jurist several
days ago at lunch.
"Some years ago he was called upon
In his capacity as Judge to determine
upon the sanity of a great big husky
lumberman from the northern part of
Sonoma County. The relatives of the
man seemed very anxious to bave him
committed, and their anxiety aroused
the Judge's suspicions. He made up
his mind, after learning the man had
a little property, that they were try
ing to railroad him. This opinion was
strengthened after he had conversed
with the lumberman for about an
hour. The fellow was well read,
and talked fo rationally on a half dozen
different subjects that Temple, when
he left him. determined to take steps
to punish the relatives.
He even went so far as to tell them
that he would take Judicial notice of
their conduct. They protested that the
man was insane, but Temple would not
listen to them. He waxed angry and
threatened to arrest them then and
there. Just as he told them so, a mes
sage came from the alleged insane one,
requesting a short interview with the
Judge.
You may be sure the request was
readily granted and in less than ten
minutes the Judge was in the presence
of the lumberman.
"Well, my man," said the Judge,
"what can I do for you?"
"Nothing much," was the response,
"only for God's sake take that bell off
your neck the next time you come here.
It's been ringing in my ears ever since
you left."
Bell Condemned Him.
The composition upon the Congressional
Record begins at 7 p. m. each day Con
gress is in session, and the proceedings of
the day before are issued from the print
ing office in time for a 6 o'clock mail de
livery the following morning. The Record
varies from an issue of four pages to per
haps 150 pages; but no matter what its
size or character, it must be printed and
ready for distribution within the hours
named. The copy comes In a most irreg
ular way, and the Record Is printed upon
a ppecial press ' built for that' purpose.
Thirty-two pages can be locked, on the
rotary frame of this press, which has a.
feeding capacity of C0.000 sheets an hour,
and four hours after the first sheets come
from the presses 15,000 copies of the Rec
ord will have been bound and made, this
being the size of the regular edition.
Every moment during the night the
foreman of the composing-room must be
prepared for any emergency which can
possibly arise. If there happens to be a
night Bession and about 10 o'clock a Con
gressman addresses the House and in the
course of his speech introduces some Gov
ernment report which he requests shall
be included In the Congressional ; Record,
this report Is just as much part of the pro
ceedings as the speech Itself, and It may
run anywhere from 1000 to 50,000 or 60,000
words. Perhaps after this has all been
«put into type on a rush order the mem
ber of Congress may request that his re
marks be held for revision, or he may
conclude to leave out part of the matter
put In type. This is true not of one Con
gressman only in a day or. night,, but a
dozen Congressmen might adopt the same
course. 'In the reports of the proceedings
of the first eighteen Congresses each one
fell within a limit of 2,000.000 words. The
proceedings of the last Congress, which
are comprised within the 17,000 pages of
the Record printed during that period,
make many volumes, and each volume
contains as much or more than the record
of an entire session of earlier days.—Re
view of Reviews. ¦
Printing the "Record"
The annual consumption of firewood
at Mohegan Park from now on will
amount to about- 150 cords a year.
Heretofore the forest has been cut clear
to obtain firewood, so that the cutting
has been a menace to the appearance of
the park. Mr. Zon will change all this
by using for fuel trees whose presence
mars the beauty of the woods, thus
making the cutting a benefit instead of
a source of harm to the forest. Simple
rules are given in the report for the
selection of trees for removal, how to
get the timber out, the area which must
be cut over every year to obtain the re
quired amount of firewood, etc. The re
port concludes with a list of the trees
and shrubs found in the park.
Owners of private estates in the Adi
rondacks may profit by a report made
recently by Raphael G. Zon, of the Bu
reau of Forestry, concerning the man
agement of Mohegan Park. In township
5, Hamilton County, N. Y.. owned by
J. Pierpont Morgan. Mr. Zon re
cently made an examinaton of the for
ests at Mohegan Park, in response to
Mrs. Morgan's request to the bureau for
advice, and has outlined a simple plan
for their management which has been
accepted and ordered put immediately
into practice. Mr. Zon's plan of man
agement so well fits the special desires
of other private owners in the Adiron
dacks that it is apt to have a far wider
application than to Mohegan Park.
Mohegan Park comprises l.ir>0 acres,
of which 1410% acres are in forest. The
forest has never been lumbered, al
though it has furnished much wood for
building and heating the camps. The
trees are mainly hardwoods, most of
which are past maturity, and would,
under a system of forestry for the high
est commercial returns, be removed
gradually or at once and replaced by
a thriftier crop. The owner, however,
desires that the beautful old trees be
allowed to stand, so the system of for
estry practiced will consist mainly in
the removal of dead, dying, unsound,
crooked and other unsightly trees, to
gether with those trees which are im
peding the growth of others more val
uable and beautiful than themselves. In
other words, the kind of forestry prac
ticed in the park will be one shaped and
adapted to the peculiar desires of the
owner. It Is a kind that appeals very
strongly to many owners of small pri
vate estates in the Adirondacks whose
interest in forestry lies not so much in
the money returns to be obtained as in
the improvement in appearance of their
forests.
The Hawaiian public lands consist of
1,772.640 acres. All of these lands,
which are in forest, and many forest
areas privately owned which the Gov
ernment can gain possession of by ex
change, will be put into forest reserves,
cleared of cattle and goats, fenced and
preserved. Some compensation must
also be made for the great areas of for
est already destroyed. It will be part of
the work of the forester to plant to
valuable trees large areas of this de
nuded land upon which forests are of
most vital importance to the agricul
tural interests. Mr. Hall, who carefully
examined the climatic conditions, be
lieves that species of the Pacific Coast,
such as redwood and red flr, will do
well in most places at the higher eleva
tions on the islands. An example of
how a foreign species may succeed in
Hawaii is furnished by the mesquite
of our own Southwest, which was intro
duced into the Islands some fifty years
ago and now covers about 100,000 acres,
furnishing quantities of valuable fuel.
It is not called mesquite in Hawaii,
however, but goes by the name of al
garoba.
too rapidly into the sea.' The presence
of the forest cover, since It makes the
stream flow regular, preventing both
floods and periods of low stream flow,
is indispensable to the success of Irri
gating projects. The value of this for
est, strangely enough, consists not so
much In the trees it contains— for they
are frequently low, crooked and sparse
ly scattered — as In the impenetrable
mass of undergrowth beneath them.
This undergrowth, composed of vines,
ferns and mosses, is of so dense a char
acter that it shades the ground, abso
lutely and holds water like a sponge.
It is, however, exceedingly delicate and
easily destroyed. Let cattle into such a
forest and they will speedily trample*
or eat down the undergrowth till the
bare ground is exposed. The soil then
rapidly dries out and becomes hard and
the trees soon die. Grasses, insects and
wind usually hasten the" destruction.
Cattle and goats have ravaged the Ha
waiian forests without hindrance for
many years and have worked further
each year into the heart of the dense
tropical growth.
the vast water shed of the Sacramento River could not be se
cured without; great expense.
To purify the sewage of the towns above Sacramento would
cost, as estimated by Mr. Cory, $15,000 per annum. After
considering all the facts that it has been able to gather the
Bee concludes that Sacramento can never have wholly safe
and satisfactory drinking water from the river without puri
fying it, even if all sewage could be kept out of the stream
from above the city. It is equally clear, it says, that the
small number of consumers of river water below Sacramento
would likewise need to purify their water. To purify the
sewage of Sacramento would be very expensive and would
make necessary a double system of sewers, while "the re
sults to the people would be practically valueless." The
Bee thereupon urges the State Board of Health to rescind
its order concerning the turning of unpurified sewage into
the Sacramento River.
TRADE QUIETUDE BECOMING GENERAL.
THE SAN B I? AK CISCO /CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1G, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. ........ .Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <j^g||p|&> Third and Market Streets, B. 7.
MONDAY .;. . . \ NOVEMBER 16, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
6
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThat cold feeling of the extremities,
owing to damp and drafty rooms, can bt
Instantly relieved by using a gras heatei
from the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. f •
The heaviest trainload ever hauled by
one locomotive was one of eighty-four
loaded cars, which was hauled a dis
tance of sixty-three miles at the rate of
thirteen miles an hour.
Continued From^Page 5, Column 2.
The citrus fruit of California is being
handled on an entirely new plan this sea
son. All the fruit passes through the Cal
ifornia Fruit Agency, which is made up
of the Southern California Fruit Ex
change and the Citrus Union.
The Southern California Fruit Exchange
Is composed of the growers who formerly
shipped their fruit direct to the markets
and did not do business through the
packing-houses. The Citrus Union Is
composed of the packing-houses which
contract for oranges from growers not
.belonging to the Southern California
Fruit Exchange.
Both associations, however, have to do
their business through the new Califor
nia Fruit Agency, thus doing away with
the former ruinous competition. By this
means the markets are not glutted, and
we hope to get good prices this year, to
the benefit of every one concerned.
METHOD OF HANDLING.
Our crop this year will sell for nearly
$1,000,000 in the Eastern markets. Of this
sum $360,000 will be paid for freight,
which Is a heavy tax on the growers.
After- paying expenses of marketing, sal
aries to Eastern agents and operating ex
penses of the orchards, the growers will
get from 10 to 30 per cent net profit on
their investments.
This proves that The Call is taking
great interest in the central section of
California. All credit for citrus culture
is not .given to Southern California.
There axe abundant opportunities in
Tulare County for citrus culture. We
have no frosts until after the oranges are
snipped, and then not sufficient to dam
age the trees. We have no scale, and the
growers are not put to the expense of
fumigation of trees and washing of fruit.
We ship our fruit just as it comes from
the trees.
I was delighted to read an editorial in
The Call of tnis morning, which comment
ed on the fact that the first shipment of
oranges this season from California came
from Tulare County.
Citrus land in Tulare County of course
requires irrigation, but we have an abun
dant supply of water that only needs
tapping. Large sums of money are now
being invested in sinking wells in our
section.
HAVE PLENTY OF WATER.
This year the crop of citrus fruits from
our county will amount to 120U carloads,
and the industry is yet in its infancy. We
have about 6ow acres of land in citrus
fruits. The orange belt extends from
Exeter to Lindsay, along the Sierra foot
hills thence to Porterville and back east
to the Worth, Globe and South Tule dis
tricts, also to Lemon Cove and Antelope
Heights.
There are several thousand acres of
good land available for citrus fruit cul
ture in Tulare County. Ours possesses
many advantages over the Southern Cal
ifornia citrus lands. Our fruits are ready
for the Eastern markets five weeks be
fore those of the southern counties. Our
lands can be bought for from $50 to $150
per acre, while in Southern California
land is priced at 5150 to $400 and more per
acre.
The growth of the citrus industry is
shown by comparing the shipments ol
fruit at the present time ana those of
some years ago. I was manager of the
first Porterviiie Citrus Fruit Kxchange,
ten years ago, and we were happy wnen
•we shipped twenty-four carloads of Iruit
to the Kastern markets.
The citrus industry In Tulare County
commenced about fifteen years ago In a
email way. A few oranges had been
raised, and Professor Hilgard of the
State Agricultural Department showed by
analysis that the oranges from Tulare
County were superior to the fruit from
Southern California. This report caused
the citrus industry to boom In our sec
tion and large sums of money were in
vested.
COJOIENCED IN SMAXL WAY.
Up to a few years ago It was gener
alyl thought that Southern California was
the only section of the State that could
successively raise citrus fruits.
Tulare is now the third county In Cali
fornia in the size and acreage of oranges.
The competitions at the Midwinter Fair
In San Francisco, at various State fairs
and in Los Angeles have shown that Tu
lare County can raise the best of or
anges Our growers have taken many
prizes in these competitions, beating the
entries from the southern portion of the
State.
Gerald It. Lumley, editor of the Por
terville Enterprise of Tulare County,
who is also associated with his brother,
Aubrey Lumley. Assemblyman, in
citrus fruit culture in the foothill dis
trict of the Sierra on an extensive
scale, arrived in this city yesterday,
and, in speaking of the orange crop of
Tulare County, Bald:
Gerald R. Lumley Tells of
Good Prospects for
Growers.
Hotel Proprietor Falls
Into a Tank and Is
Drowned.
Rescuers Make Vain Effort to
Save Life of Their
Employer.
of the Rocky Mountains in the United
States Is in Stockton. This is the sec-
Continued From Page 5, Column 7.
SAN JOAQUfN RICH IH SOIL,
whole. Knowledge will be sought from
reliable sources in regard to the 'ad
vancement of all localities and all in
dustries in this great State. There is
no new undertaking of public interest,
however small, that may not be sup
posed, in the light of the past history of
California, to possess the germ of much
larger things than appear at first.
No harm will be done in this connec
tion to remind the readers of The Call
that every enterprise In this State, with
perhaps the exception of placer mining,
has been begun on a comparatively
small scale and really tentatively in a
majority of instances. Fruit growing
was experimental at the first, except in
so much as it applied to the home con
sumption in this State and the mining
country Immediately adjoining Califor
nia. The experimental use of oil as
fuel at first was attended with disas
trous consequences. ¦ Gold dredging/hy
draulic mining and quartz mining had
small beginnings relatively. The na
tive wealth of the State has caused ex
pansion that no one could prevent:
Nothing will ever fetter the growth of
the State again, for It Is becoming bet
ter known and better appreciated every
flay.
It is realized that to supply an accu
rate view of many facts in. many com
munities in California the editors of the
interior papers can perform a good pub
lic service by exploiting local resources,
reliably and fully. 5 The Call will assist
in making locality facts known as much
as possible. The aid of boards of trade
and chambers of commerce, of organ
izations cf shippers of fruits and grapes
and wines and all other California prod
ucts Is hoped for .by The Call, and such
assistance will be welcomed and en
couraged. To the California miners the
same assurance is given. The Call will
help in upbuilding the entire Pacific
Coast, but must necessarily give par
ticular attention to California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 15.— Peter Al
blni, proprietor of the Battaglia Hotel
on 'Adams street, was drowned In a
small wine tank this morning. The man
conducted a winery in the rear of his
hotel, and had put about 100 gallons oT
water in the tank with which to cleanse
it. He entered the tank without" pull-'
ing the bung to allow a circulation of
air clear the tank of Its deadly fumes.
As soon as his head was in the man
hole he was overcome by the fumes.
He fell Into the tank and was drowned.
The cook at the hotel was with Al
bini at the time he entered the wine
tank and saw him fall. With the as
sistance of others the cook chopped a
large hole in the bottom of the tank,
but before the man could be rescued he
was dead. '^A "';;-.-'.¦/-"".
Alblni recently came to this city from
Valley Ford, where he was a promi
nent rancher and had many friends.
He was thirty-five years of age, and
leaves a -wife and two small children.
Coroner Frank I* Blackburn of Peta
luma has been notified, and will come
to this city to hold an inquest. .
ond year of its operation. The sand is
carried to Stockton from Tesla. The
fuel used is California crude petroleum.
The water distance from Stockton to
San Francisco is 85 miles. The rail
rates are kept down by- water competi
tion. The claim is made that the low
est freight rates for an equal distance
in the United States by water exist be
tween Stockton and San Francisco.
The county boasts three Irrigation
systems by which water is distributed
to farming lands. A good showing is
made for the banks of Stockton. Their
paid up capital is $1,708,560. Their de
posits amount to $5,446,181.
"Stockton banks," says the Independ
ent, "are among the safest institutions
in the United States. There has never
been a bank failure In Stockton. The
loans they have on lands were all made
at low valuations of the properties and
in every instance such values have
greatly increased. All lands, not only
in this county, but throughout the San
Joaquin Valley, have shown a stronger
increase in value during the last two
years, and their tendency is upward."
INVITING ENTERPRISES.
The flouring mills of Stockton are re
ported to have a daily capacity for
turning out 3500 barrels. The iron man
ufactures are large. San Joaquln Coun
ty ranks i seventh in Importance in
manufactures among the fifty-seven
counties of California. The number of
manufacturing 1 plants In the county, In
cluding Stockton, according to the
United States census of 1900, was 352.
The invested capital in these plants
amounts to more than $5,000,000. The
annual output of all the plants is near
ly $8,000,000. New industries that
might be made profitable in Stockton
are suggested by the Independent aa
follows:
A starch factory to work up the sur
plus potatoes and the culls which are
not put on the market; a jam or preserv
ing works for utilizing the surplus fruit
from about the Lodi country; a pickle
factory; a butchery and pork and beef
packing establishment. Of this latter
there is a great need even to meet the
local demand for fresh and refrigerated
meats. A sugar refinery Is demanded
to work up the sugar beet product and
encourage the planting of more acreage.
Sash and door factories are greatly need
ed, as none of the kind are yet located
here on any scale of importance. Chem
ical works, broom factories and cracker
factories would do well, as there are
none here; a silk mill would be a great
success apparently, eren if the growing
of raw silk were promoted: but aside
from that the neAtness to China and the
low freight rates gives the California
producer of this; commodity an import
ant advantage over Eastern competitors.
A carpet mills and furniture manufac
tory would both apparently do well.
Power can be generated from oil at small
cost, for oil in California now can com
pete with coal at $3 per ton. and natural
gas of great heat power is here. There
is as jarreat abundance of labor here as
there is in any city in California, and
any scarcity of that service can be sup
plied at once from the nearest place
where there is a surplus.
The birth rate in Berlin declined from
46 per 1000 in 1876 to 27 in 1902.
The signs of the time indicate that
about the date railroad advancement
reaches the southern Humboldt border,
a line from the north, will,be)prepar
ing to cross; the Klamath -somewhere
between the mouth of; Blue Creek and
Requa, near its mouth. >. then there
will be a scurrying: to obtain the now
RAILROAD CONSTRUCTION.
The; salmon fisheries of Klamath
River have been a source of much
wealth, although the Industry has not
been prosecuted with the same system
as in other localities. In quality Kla
math River salmon are superior to
those taken in streams , farther south;
and the great river offers an open field
and enterprse to whoever desires to
venture.
Humboldt acquired this territory
through an act of the Legislature of
1873-74, which blotted Klamath County
from the State map. Indian troubles
during the first fifteen years of settle r
ment and the tedious and expensive
modes of transportation in vogue did
much toward retarding the develop
ment and growth of northern Hum
bc-ldt. I venture the opinion that the
Influx of new life and moderate capital
at this time would go far toward mak
ing good what ha3 been lost., I further
venture the belief that if a portion of
the lavish -expenditure of money for
road building in southern and south
western Humboldt more than a quarter
of a century ago had been devoted ,to
the building and betterment of trans
portation facilities in the region just
discussed, quicker and better returns
would have resulted.
On this point there is no difference of
opinion among those who have lived in
the county during the period indicated.
There is no consistent difference of be
lief as to the existence of a great store
of hidden wealth in the north extremity
of Humboldt territory-
Much mining is done along Trinity
River in Humboldt territory; vastly
more along the Klamath between
Witchpec and Orleans Bar, and on the
Sommes Bar and the junction of Sal
mon River with the Klamath at the
Siskiyou line. More important devel
opment work has been done at and in
the vicinity of Orleans Bar because of
the introduction of foreign capital for
actual development. The region is rich
in both gravel and quartz deposits. The
opinion that mining will be more exten
sively prosecuted along the Klamath
twenty-five years hence than it is at
the present time Is strongly held by
miners of long practical experience.
The beach sand mines along the
northern Humboldt coast, particularly^
at Gold Bluff, have been worked half a
century, usually with profit. Entangle
ment In the meshes of the law during
recent years has brought unprofitable
results. Nevertheless, the gold is, in
the sands, and sooner or later it will be
marketed.. . ' .-. .\\ '-:¦/, ; '¦:'•
From a casual study of the State map
the writer is led to believe that no
other county in California is as liberal
ly watered by main and tributary
streams as Humboldt.
Between the redwood belt and Kla
math River is a vast expanse of bald
hills or grazing lands, including some
of the most productive though not larg
est stock ranges in the county. The
entire stretch of country north of Kla
math River and east of It to the-Siski
you line may be set down as mineral
land, which in the main yet remains
undisturbed.
The Hoopa Valley Indian reservation,
twelve square miles in extent. Is in the
southeast part of this divlson. Trinity
River passes through the center of the
reservation, with Tish-Tang-a-Tang
and Mill creeks flowing into it from the
east and Supply and Pine creeks Ji<jm
the west.
IS LIBERALLY WATERED.
As segregated, the third division com
mences at the south line of Trinidad,
Klamath and Orleans townships, mid
way between the township lines of six
and seven north, and includes territory
fifty miles in extent on the shore line
and forty miles therefrom to the Siski
you County boundary on the east. It is,
perhaps, a division of equal importance
with either of the- others, containing
as it does the chief mineral resources
of the county thus far ascertained, pe
troleum and coal excepted. The writer
is informed that nattering "oil signs"
have been discovered in some sections
of Northern Humboldt, a possibility not
beyond the bounds of belief. The coast
portion, for an average of ten miles in
land and almost entirely throughout its
north and south length, shows one of
the finest bodies tof redwood timber,
comparatively undisturbed, now stand
ing in the only State or country in
which that class of. material is known
to exist. To this, as merchantable, may
be added to a certain extent the ex
tensive growth of pine and tanbark, oak
and a vast acreage of such fuel woods
as fir, spruce, madrone, alder and other
varieties for which the lapse of time
will create a certain demand.
Little River and Maple and Prairie
creeks are prominent streams in the
western portion of this division. Red
wood Creek passes through fully one
half of it, diagonally; Trinity River
through the southeast portion of it to
a junction with the Klamath River in
side the Hoopa Valley reservation; the
Klamath through the entire northern
portion from the Siskiyou lin-? to the
ocean. Salmon River and Red Cap
Creek are principal tributaries of the
Klamath on the east and Camp, Bluff,
Pecwan and Blue creeks on the west,
the source of the latter being in the
Del Norte Mountains, fifteen miles from
Its mouth.
So far as the search for minerals in
the eastern and northeastern portion*
of this division of the county is con
cerned, the surface has been merely
"scratched over," to use - a mining
phrase. Gold and copper ledges have
been located in the district above told
of and limestone abounds in the re
gion roundabout.
South Fork Mountain throughout its
entire length is covered with a heavy
growth of sugar pine timber, and
many thousand inches of the yet pure
water of the stream have been located
for power purposes, but are yet un
used. /
As the timber disappears on the west
and east extremes of this division and
the large stock ranges are broken into
small holdings, there will be scores of
homes where there are very few now.
The advance of railroads from the two
directions indicate that the change may
come sooner than many expect. Denu
dation of the redwood lands will pro
ceed much faster in this central portion
than in either of the others because
the spoliation commenced a third of a
century sooner and a sea shipping
point is close at hand.
When the pierhead lines in Hum
boldt Bay shall have been established
for all time, the channels are properly
guarded, encroachments defied, and Eu
reka has become the virtual terminus
of a transcontinental railroad, her lim
its must necessarily- expand, for at an
even more rapid rate than it has been
removed two centuries or more will
be reaulred to wipe away the redwood
timber now standing in the county. It
is safe to guess that the greater pro
portion of the manufactured, lumber
will take advantage of the , cheaper
transportation afforded by the ocean
which leaves Humboldt's shore.
CHIEF MINING DISTRICT.
SURFACE ONLY SCRATCHED.
cupants to whom the land has been al
lotted.
Season's Shipment Will
Reach a Total of
1200 Cars.
SPLEHDID FUTURE ASSURED,
One promise of great moment to this
northern division of Humboldt County
must not be overlooked. It is the cer
tainty of a close coming State high
way from Weaverville, the county seat
of Trinity County, to Humboldt Bay,
a distance of about 120 miles; or, rath
er, the supplying of a missing central
link of road about fifty miles in ex
tent to connect already completed sec
tions at either end. At the last session
of the Legislature Assemblyman Lein
inger secured the passage of a bill ap
propriating $1800 for the survey of a
route for such road from the north
fork of Trinity River, following the
meanderings of the last named stream
to the south fork of Trinity River at
the Humboldt line. That survey will
be completed prior to the next session
of the, Legislature, during which an ap
propriation will certainly be made to
complete the road. In fact, this out
come is assured. Strange as it may
seem, after fifty years of continuous
business intercourse, the mountain
trail is still the only means of com
munloation between the two counties.
Completion of the road will be a won
derful promoter of the real interests of
both counties. It will open an outlet
from cheap sea transportation into a
region 100 miles in length where the de
mand for mining machinery is increas
ing every year and along which snow
never falls to a troublesome depth, as
it does on any other route that has
been suggested. It will mark the
dawning of a new era for Trinity
County.
neglected locations which are waiting
for occupants throughout Humboldt's
hundred miles of length. With the in
auguration of better facilities for
reaching a ready market the outlying
districts will multiply! in population
and there will be fewer neglected home
locations than there are to-day.
Why? Because everywhere the soil
is productive, the climate genial and
healthful and grain, vegetable, berry
and tree fruit crops mature with min
imum encouragement. The average
rainfall during the six months of wet
season is forty-six inches, yet during
these months the rainfall is by no
means continuous, many weeks of the
winter season being as pleasant as the
summer affords. And let it be remem
bered that Humboldt has" no Chinese
to compete with American labor, no ir
rigation, with its expense and litiga
tion; no codlln moths to destroy the
apples, and no crop failures from any
cause. . /
Continued From 'Page 5, Column 5.
FUMES OF WINE
CAUSE A DEATH
HEAVY ORANGE
CROP IN TULARE
WEALTH AND ADVANTAGES
OF COUNTY OF HUMBOLDT
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903,
7
S. P. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
S. 8. ALA MED A. for Honolulu. Nov. 2S.11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. "*ec 1. 11 a. ra.
oceanics.sxo.ES:g
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-clata to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE9 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Butldtn?).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Asenta.
10XFA63IS GSXSHALE TBAKa&lXASTIQrc
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, +*B^Bm
North River, foot of Morton street.
Mare Island and Vallsjo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
8:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:S0 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cent*. Tei.
Main 150S. Pier 2. Mlsalon-st dock. HATCH
BROS.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping; at the track take
8. I'. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two earn, which are reserved ' for ladles
and tbelr escorts.
Returning, trains leave track at 4:15 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.'
. PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Six or More h aces Daily.
NETV CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing November 14.
Racing Each Week Day, Hain or Shine,
Racing !|p|ll|§> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
t EXPERT .-" OPTICIANS/ /feS
MAKE OCULIST'S /(I
Prescription.
:YE GLASSES f4
At Moderate-Cost, vj
EVE^HMMRRANTE)
DON'T FAIL TO
see the, beautiful
COURT, Lounging!
room, the EMPIRE*
PARLOR, the.
PALM ROOM, the '
LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-
DIES' WRITING
ROOM.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. November 20, at 1
Bharp^ Grand Charity Fund Benefit at the Co-
lumbia Theater. Every Theater Represented.
"FPURITAN1"
Prices Always — 25c, 60c. 76c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Bellini's Romantic Work,
"ZAZA"
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS,
First Production in America of Leoncavallo's
New Opera,
TIVOLira
TO-NIGHT
TBE STEINDOEFP TESTIMONIAL.
SPECIAL PROGRAM— Orchestra of 65 Pieces.
TUESDAY. THURSDAY AND SUNDAY
EVENINGS. SATURDAY MATINEE.
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
762 MARKET STREET,
Will have a SPECIAL SALE on all Suit- at HALF MAR-
KET PRICE. The stock comprises all the latest designs
and effects in the newest materials and trimmings.
MILITARY SUITS FROCK SUITS
MORNING SUITS DRESS SUITS
PROMENADE SUITS
An exceptional opportunity at this time of the season
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, "Wrangel.
Juneau, Halnes, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nor.
7, 12. 17, 22. 27. Dec. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Not. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2— Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 12.. 18, 24, 30. Dec. «; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Nov. 0. 15. 21. 27 Dec. 3.
For Loe Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San 'Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Nov. 0, 17. 25. Dec. 3.
. Bonlta. 8 a. m.. Nov. 5. 13. 21. 29, Dec. 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. '
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves,
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANJJ, General Passenger Agent.
• 10 Market street, San Francisco.
y Sz y fe&pjs s « uMisB w (i
BronranuQ to-htqht.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL. MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
Charl«"? Frohman Presents
V1RCINSA HARNED
In A. IV. Pinero's Masterpiece,
Th«> Most Talke.1 Of Tlay of the Past Decade.
Urwrvdl <=<.»'« during Miss Harned's en-
BMenect. «• Si •''»• *L 83c 60c.
FrMay A*t»rnnon. Nov. 20, at 1 Sharp.
GE.AirZ> CHARITY TVHTD BENEriT
At the Columbia Theater.
Every Tnoater Represented.
COLUMBIA THEATER-Special!
FBIDAT AFTERNOON, Nov. 20. at 1 O'clock
Sharp.
--FIFTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
I'micr the Auppiofs of the
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
In Aid of Their
Devoted to the Relief of the Blck and Needy
In the Profession.
MONSTER COKTiNUOUS PERFORMANCE
Talent From
GBAKT» OPERA HOUSE
COX.U2CBZA THE ATE K
CAXXTOBBTA THEATER /
OBFHETJM
AZ.CAZAB
TIVOX.X OPERA HOUSE
CENTRAL THEATER
CHUTES
Reserved Beats on sale at the Columbia
Theater Box Office.
EP1CUREAN~~VAUDEVILLE.
WRIGHT HUXTTXGTON AND COMPANY;
THREE ZOLARS; SERRA AND BELUA-
ROSA; THE BRITTONS; BELI^MAN AND
MOORE; WARREN AND BLANCH ARD;
JACK THEO TRIO: PHIL. AND NETTIE
PETERS AND THE "VILLAGE CHOIR"
QUARTET.
Reserved Seat* 25cBalcony 10c
Box Se&tr and Opera Chair* 50c
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT,
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
Evpry Thea.it.-r Represented.
..CALIFORNIA..
After the Imitations Here is the Real One!
ROSE MELVILLE,
The Ortjrinal
SIS HOPKINS.
| EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY. |
Next Sunday— "AT THE OI>D CROSS
ROADS.
NEXT FRIDAY — At 1 p. m. Sharp.
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
OOI-UMniA THEATER.
Every Theater R°pres<>nted.
LAST TWO" WEEKS.
EvgB. at S; Mat. Wed. and Sat. at 2.
KI.AW AND ERLANGER'S
Btttjxaflooa Production o* Gen Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young.
Muhie by Edpar Stlllman Kelley.
Positively Ln5t Performance of "lien Hur"
Saturday Night. November 2N.
SPECIAL. MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
Friday Afternoon. Nov. 20, at 1 Sharp.
GBAKD CEARITT PUND BENEriT
At the Columbia Theater.
Every Theater Kepreser.ted.
AT »O A T A TJ Belaeco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £W5x
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
The CSub's -=-.
DB tfTi 5 i V Town.
Evrs.. 25c to 75c; Mats. 6at. & Sun.. 15c to 50c.
Next Monday — First Stock Production. Sol
Smith Russell's Beautiful Play,
A POOR RELATION.
EXTRA MAT. THANKSGIVING!
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at I Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY BENEFIT
AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
j mm^ Proprietors"".
Market st, Near Elchth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK,
MATTNEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Gorseous Dramatic %>ectacle,
UNDER THE POLAR STAR
Introducing- for the first time In the United
States the Esquimaux and Esquimau Dog
Train of Koltchoffs Arctic and Alaskan Ex-
!hiblt, en route to St. Louis World's Fair.
GREATEST ATTRACTION OF THE WEEK.
PDirCC. Evenings 10c to 60c
lAiWLJ. Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday, Nov. 23 — "Midnight In Chinatown."
Friday Afternoon. November 20, at 1 sharp.
Grand Charity Fond Benefit at the Columbia
Theater. Every theater represented.
TWO WEEKS HAVE PASSED,'.
And Jammed to the Doors at Every Perform-
ance. That Will Continue With
j RUSES AND ROSES 1
The ii'st. the Funnt^et of All Musical Bur-
lesques.
OUP. ALL-STAR CAST. INCLUDING KOLE
AND DILL. BARNEY BERNARD, WIN-
FIELD BLAKE, MAUDE AMBER, GEORGIA.
ORAMEY. EEN T. DILLON.
LOOK OUT FOR
Mm KJm %Jm H
UON'DAY NIGHT. NOVEMBER 30.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
IVGX.ESEDE AUTOMOBILE KACES
fc'HUWN IN MOVING PICTURES.
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
HA31ADKYAS IH TSE ZOO!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY. .
Whrn Phoning; Ask for "The Chutea."
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20, at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT !
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
W. T. HESS.
Ifctary Public and Attcraey-at-Law.
TenUi Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldgr.
Telephone Main Ui>3.
Kesider.ce. K21 CalifoiMa rt.. beiow Powell.
IUcldsxce Telrphcne James 150L
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the fol-
lowing Butterick Agencies in this city:
The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street.
The Emporium.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street.
I. S. Cohen, 145 Sixth street.
J. W. Eaton, 639 McAllister street.
S. M. Cohn & Bro., 1305 Stockton street.
W. C. Hays, 1303 Polk street.
D. Lindner, 1730 Devisadero street.
Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 Fillmore street.
F. L. Waibel, 3035 Sixteenth street.
Oscar Waibel, , 2526 Mission street.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: Rives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling; at Kobe (Hlo«o).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received en board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU «¦:¦'
-..;..... Thursday. December, 3. 1003
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December "30 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
•' .Monday. January 23. 1904
¦ Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Axent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 0. 19. 29. Dec. S. 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steamship Una to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through ticket* to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen. Art. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Oan.
Ajtt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
O. /?. <S iV. CO.
Al.SFHECttLSlSJ05.Ca,Jl3U..l!Cl<l8l!lss,B43Sarliia
- f R^jiit affica.123 fiarkst SL. Pkr U. 7. PaciSe SL
For DECEMBER
Is the Most Necessary Magazine for Women
The first edition for December is over I
One Million Copies. It contains all that is {
most helpful to women for their own and \
their children's dressing. It has fiction and \
entertaining articles for the leisure hours of
mother and child, and its departments cover \
every phase of the home and social life.
Four Full Pag'es in Color
REPRESENTING
Are so appealing every mother
should secure them
Of your newsdealer, any Butterick Agent, or the publishers
15 cents a copy, Si .00 a year
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. LTD.. 17 Wm I3A St. New York
Tf™"l T^l TT"^' Tr™*" e ' wre ' ssue^ a beautiful SO-cergi (25 cents to subscribers) four-sheet
| a 1 M 1 m I. calendar for 1904. It is printed m color*, artistically mounted and
WH BY I™" a"* represents Babyhood. Girlhood. Childhood and Motherhood.
S 9 \ I 1 black and white miniature reproduction of this will be sent free to
¦* » X*GLasfldLaf anyone wridnc a postal for it and mentioning: this paper. Writ* to-day.
mat . itsHH - A npn - H sbm El
Pa "^ A &a (©Cg En km &.^tm
m * M S3 rax! f9 "t! H \ **JfflCRACK JOCKEY WHO WILL
RIDE HERE DURING THE
PRESENT SEASON.
The bitternesses that rankle art those
that we bring upon ourselves.
Aurello Herrera and Jack . Cordell
have completed their training for their
bout before the Reliance Club of Oak
land to-morrow evening. The. men will
weigh in at 133 pounds at 5 o.'clock^on
the afternoon 'of the fight. Ccrdell is
Just out of the amateur class. He has
great hitting power and Is game. The
fight should be full of action while it
lasts. ,'j&BSSBSS&M6R *
Boxers Cordell and Herrera Ready.
. Collegians Win at Baseball.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— The /5Toung
Phoenix baseball team of St/ Mary's
College defeated the J. T. Cavanaugh
nine of San Francisco to-day; score, 9
to 4, making the eighteenth victory this
season for the college boys. Runs and
basehlts and score follow:
Young Phoenix...2 2 0 0-122 0 x— 8
Base hits 2 0 10 12 3 1 x— 10
Cavanaughs 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 1 0 0 1 1. 0 [_,t- 0 0—4
Batteries— Thompson and Burke; Cusick
and Flanlgan. Umpires— Flynn and Big
lley.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 15.— A heavy' track
and the improper working of/. the
mechanism of his machine ;
Barney Oldfleld from approaching any
where near his record at the automobile
meet here' to-day. Both his speed trials
with . his/ "Bullet No. 2" 'fizzled on this
account. His best time for ¦; the .mile
was 1 minute 2-5: of ; a. second. The
other events were - fairly;, successful.
Charles Hill > of San Jose made a* run
away race in the motor-cycle contests,
taking ¦; both events. Letcher^ of "San
Jose and Cooper of San Francisco rode
a dead- heat the race;! for 'Cadillac
machines, ; making * the -three 1 miles - in
6:01. Bicycle contests were also a feat
ure of the programme! • -':-.'
Oldneld Fails in Record Trial.
FOUR MILLION ACRES
FOR DOWIE'S NEW \ CITY
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— "I have just re
ceived an offer of 4,000,000 acres of land
on which tto build another Zioh City,
but the site.: must be kept secret at
present," said John Alexander Dowie,
speaking to his followers In Shlloh Tab
ernacle, Zlon City, to-day. "What Is
more," he continued, "I have an .offer
of 10,000 acres of land within thirty-five
miles of New York City if or the. same
purpose. That does; not look as If our
New York trip failed, = does it? I am
going abroad January, 3 after men and
money.',' he said. "When I get back in
Junel will have planned .a number, of
Zions. Then all Zlon will start Its work
for building up Jerusalem." , '•-¦
PARIS, Nov. ,15;— The walking craze
continues. This morning nearly 1 1000
scholars from the higher- classes of the
various schools took part in the com
petitions,,the distance for Juniors being
seven kilometres ; and for seniors fifteen
kilometres, over public roads. The or
ganization was perfect and crowds wit
nessed the starts and finishes. The win
ners covered their respective distances
In good .time. "
Walking the Fad in Paris.
Santa Rosa Horsemen Disappointed.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 15.— There is
disappointment among the horsemen
caused by the announcement that Lou
Dillon, the queen of the ' turf, and
Millard Saunders, her driver, will win
ter In Memphis, Tenn. It was planned
that on the arrival of the duo in this
city they were to be given a royal re
ception befitting their achievements on
the Eastern tracks. Saunders was to
have been banqueted, and In addi
tion it was planned to present him with
a handsome silver loving cup.
PEODABLE WIBTNESS:
First Race — Step Around, Elfin Klnr,
Merwan. . • • ¦ i • - « • . •
Second Bace— Matt . Eosran, ' Xdoro,
nourish. . ' .
Third Bace— Felipe lingo, Captain
Forsee, Xeoffh. ° . .
* Fonrth Bace— Lord Melbourne, Grail,
Galanthus. . r , •
Fifth, Bace — Albemarle. Zd tilburn,
Quatre. - #*?'•'**¦ ; "—"'-. ¦ ¦' ..
Sixth Bace— Ben MacDhui. Bill Mai
sie, Diderot. - - ' ». i.. ; .»-
LAREDO, Tex.,. Nov. 15.— Official
yellow' fever bulletin issued to-night
shows: New cases, 22; deaths, 2; total
cases to dafe, 888; total deaths to
date, 84.
While in pursuit of their duty Drs.
R. D. Murray and G. M. Guiteras of
the Marine Hospital Service met with
a serious accident in a runaway, being
thrown from their carriage. \ •
Dr. Murray sustained injuries which
may prove fatal, owing to his advanced
age, and which at least will confine hip
to the hospital for six months. Dr.
Guiteras sustained severe bruises.
Dr. Murray's home is at Key West
and he enjoys an international reputa
tion as a yellow fever expert.
The fever has almost been entirely
stamped out In Nuevo Laredo.
Doctors Murray and Guiteras Are
Thrown From a Carriage at,
Laredo, Texas.
YELLOW FEVER EXPERTS
INJURED BY ACCIDENT
SAN MATEO, Nov. 15.— The San
Mateo Athletic Club football team de
feated the Columbia team of San Fran
cisco to-day by a score of 6 to 0. The
game was stubbornly contested on both
sides and there were an unusual num
ber of good kicks. San Mat'.'O showed
great Improvement in team | work, the
result. of nightly practice for: a week.
The first touchdown was made in four
teen minutes. Walter Demara kicked
the goal, making the score 6 to 0.
The remainder of the first and all of
the second .half,' was a continuous see
saw, with fluctuating advantage, ¦ and
ending. without either side scoring. The
ball was thirty yards from Columbia's
goal at the close of the game. John T.
Cronln- had his collarbone and left
shoulderblade r fractured In the first
mix-up. He returned, to the field as
soon ' as p the doctor had bandaged his
Injuries and witnessed the remainder of
the game. a
Football at San Mateo.
G> W. Hoadley of Troop A, First
Cavalry, National Guard of California,
was awarded the Jansen gold medal
yesterday at Shell Mound. Every man
in the organization has tried hard all
through the year to secure the cham
pionship trophy, but Hoadley carried
off the laurels by a small margin. F. S.
Bernhard won the second prize. Ser
geant C. A. Becker secured the first
class medal. Sergeant F. T. Engle the
second, Corporal T. P. Lehmann the
third and- J. Steinmann the j fourth."
Company A, Fifth Infantry, and
teams from the Shell Mound Pistol and
Rifle Club also held close contests yes
terday. Yesterday's scores follow:
Troop A, First Cavalry, National Guard
of California, monthly raertal shoot, with
revolvers at fifty yards— Sergeant C. A.
Becker 44, Sergeant E. H. Carr 40, Ser
geant F. T. Engle 42. Sergeant R. C.
Greeninger 42, Corporal G. W. Pape 36.
Corporal C J. Orton 22, Corporal L. M.
McKinley 39, Corporal T. P. Lehmann 42.
A. M. Kast 30, M. C. Bolts 21. F. S. Bern
hard 44, G. J. McDonald 17. H. L. Detrlck
46, W. Baruth 22, G. W. Hoadley 45. W.
V. Lauton 22, A. J. Thornagle 24. R. L.
Plamondon 29, J. Steinman 40, H. E. Ward
24, E. M. Mulville 9, A. W. Albrecht 41.
J. A. Werner 43. H. G. Cramerding 19.
Company A, Fifth Infantry. National
Guard of California, 'monthly medal
shoot at 200, 300 and BOO yards— CaDtain E.
G. Hunt. 21. 16, 23: Corporal E. Berauest.
18. 12, 21: Corporal K. Lawton. 20. 15, 12:
H. P. Kllnkner, 8. 0. 3; C. E. Powell 22:
20, 7: C. A. Wood. 13, 4. 5: E.'" Morrison,
4. 5. 3; G. Allen, 8, 0, 3: M. Cox. 9 H 14, 0: D.
5. Reselgh. 0. 5. 0: T. C. Johnson. 2. 2.
2: A. R. Waters. 6. 12. 12: Corporal C.
Smith. 17, 25, 12; Sergeant S. C. B. King.
23. 11, 10.
Team shoot for dinner, between mem
bers of th" Shell Monnd Pistol and Rifle
OUjd— W Paulson. 278: • W. Sleno. 326: H.
SVinner. 247: D. Guild. 163: L. V. Frates.
?FK— t«t*'. I?fi9. W. GtHid. 248: R. Wixson
303: P. Paulson. 2C3: H. Wobber. 157: C
Paulson 142— total 1115.
Defeats the Members of Troop A,
Cavalry, by a Small Margin.
JANSEN MEDAL FOB HOADLET.
Jerry O'Shea's fast young greyhound
Doc Burns took first honors In the open
stake yesterday at Ingleside Coursing
Park. Throughout the running he de
nied a point to every dog that was
slipped against him.
Once in a bye a fresh dog got a point
or two. but the youngster set a pace
that made it look Interesting for his
opponent.
The pikers got In with a frequency
that made the talent tighter than purse
strings. Reta S fell a victim to Gold
Lily, which was as good as 4 to 1.
Onward beat Queen's Motto and
Comlque outpointed Real Duchess at
the same figures.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tlerney's official scores:
Open stake: Second round — Mountain
Poet beat Crockett Boy, 7-0; Toronto beat
Glaucus, 4-3; Dorothy M a bye; Black
Cdon beat Boots, 4-3; Young Fearless beat
Encore, 4-2; Prometheus beat Little Lucy,
2-0; Onward Maud beat Queen's Motto.
6-5; Miss Wilson beat Helen Hayes, 4-0:
Royal Friend beat Clobefell. 8-6; Free
Born beat Firm Fellow, 7-6; Sisklyou beat
Belfast, 6-0; Cubanola beat Fenil, 6-0;
Gold Lily beat Reta S, 3-1: Braw's Hill
beat Linda Vista, 3-1: Slievenaman beat
Pacing Billy. 4-2: Orsina beat Concord
Boy, 4-3; Lily "Wright beat Rich Argosy.
4-1; False Alarm beat Tobasco Bob, 10-«:
Comlque beat Real Duchess. 11-3; Lady
Menlo beat Northern Alarm. 9-6: Viking
beat Vesper, 4-1: Homer Boy beafSpecial
4-0; Intruder beat Colored Lady, 3-2; Doc
Burns beat Good Decision. 8-0.
Third round— Toronto beat Mountain
Rose. 10-6; Black Coon beat Dorothy M.
7-2; : Prometheus a bye; Onward Maud
beat Miss Wilson. 4-0: Free Born beat
Royal Friend. 4-2: Siskiyou beat Cuban
ola, 12-8; Braw's Hill beat Gold Lily. 6-0-
Orsina beat Slievenaman. 6-i : i,u y
Wright beat False Alarm. 6-1: Lady Men
lo beat Comique. 5-2; Viklnjr beat Homer
Boy, 5-2; Doc Burns beat Colored Lady
6-0.
Fourth round— Black Coon a bye: Pro
metheus beat Onward Maud. 3-2: Free
Born a bye: Orsina beat Braw's Hill. 4-1*
Lady Menlo beat .Lily Wright, 6-3; Doc
Burn* beat Vlkin*. 6-0.
Fifth round— Black Coon beat Prome
theus. 3-2: Free Born beat Orsina. 6-5;
Doc Burns beat Lady Menlo. 5-0.
Sixth round— Free Born beat Black
Coon. 10-6: Doc Burns a bye. '
Decldinsr course— Doc Burns beat Free
Born, 11-2.
Carries Off Honors in Stake at Ingle
side Coursing Park.
DOC 3TJRNS A WINNER.
Win From Albion Rover Team on
Idora Park Field.
BERKELEY. Nov. 15.— The Thistles
defeated the Albion Rovers at associa
tion football by a score of 1 to 0
this afternoon at Idora Park.
Owing to the heavy condition of the
ground the players could not run fast,
thus preventing a larger score. The
Thistles made the single goal in the
first half while Acting Captain Gil
•chrest of the Rovers- was temporarily
absent from the field. During most of
the play the ball was in the Rovers'
territory, the Thistles showing marked
superiority over their opponents. The
men lined up in the following positions:
Thistles — Low. goal; Forest, right
fullback; Tierney, left fullback; Mc-
Gregor, right halfback: Taylor,' left
halfback; Duncan, center; A. Disher,
outside right forward; Smith, inside
left forward; Lydon, center forward; B.
Disher, inside left forward; Rlntoul,
outside left forward.
Albion Rovers — McPherson, goal;
Gilchrest, right fullback: Robertson,
left fullback: Smith, right halfback;
Mathison, left halfback: A. Orton,
center; McDermott, outside right for
ward; E. Orton, inside right forward;
Churchill, center forward: Duquesne,
inside left forward; Bradley, outside
left forward. • : ; v
THISTLES ARE VICTORIOUS.
Stolen bases — Doyle. McLaughlln, Messerly.
Errors — Doyle. Devereaux and Gorton. Three
fofiee hits — Keefe, Hlldebrantt. Two-base hits
— Graham. Sheehan. McLaughlin.. Sacrifice
hits — Rookenfeld «2). Sheehan, Graham. Firet
bane on error — Oakland 1. First base on called
balls— Off Keefe, 1: off McKay, 2. Left on
ba»e» — Sacramento C, Oakland 2. Struck out —
Hy Keefe. 1; by McKay. 2. Hit by pitcher —
KnelL Time cf game — One hour and fifty min
utes. Umpire^ — Levy.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento ..000000O11 6 — 't
Baee fcita... 010012123 4—14
Oakland 000200000 O— 2
Baee hits... 1003000000— 4
Totals. 38 7 14 30 13 Totals.31 2 4 30 14
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. H. P.A.j AB. R. 1L P.A.
Doyle. «. 5 1 2 1 6;O'Har, cf 3 12 10
Ilildbd.lf 4 12 4 0!Uoknfld.s 2 O U 4 1
McLgn.cf 5 1 3 4 O Murdk. rf 4 0 0 0 0
<"a»ey. 2b 5 2 2 1 3 Shwtr,2b 4 10 2 4
fihehn.«b 4 o 2 3 2, Kruger.lf 4 © 1 5 1
tiraham.c 3 0 15 lJMesrly.lb 4 0 1 15 0
Hciran,lb 5 O 0 11 0,Devrx.3b 4 0 0 0 1
Knell, rf 3 1 1 1 0 Gorton, c 3 0 0 3 5
Ketfe. p. 4 1 1 0 1 McKay, p 3 0 0 0 2
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 15.— In the
tenth inning of to-day's game, with the
score tied, the Senators developed a
preat batting rally which, aided by a
bad throw on the part of Devereaux,
allowed five runs to score. Keefe
pitched a great game and had it not
been for a slip of Doyle on a hard
thance, he would have shut the visitors
out with only two safe hits. As it was
he shut them out for eight of the ten
innings without a hit or a run. Score:
Sacramento — f Oakland —
SENATOBS DEFEAT CRIPPLES.
Develop a Great Batting Bally in the
Tenth Inning.
LOS AXGELES, Nov. 15.— Mr. Jones
of Brooklyn was opposed to Dr. New
ton of Los Angeles this afternoon. The
home pitcher won his game by the
score of 5 to L There was no choice
between the pitchers. Jones did quite
as well as Newton, but there was a
{Treat difference between the fielding of
the Portland and the Los Angeles
teams. Jones drove in the only run
ecored by Portland with a neat single
over short. Shea started in to catch
Jones, but one of the Brooklyn lad's
outshoots caught him on the fingers
and put him out of the game. Clark,
who succeeded him behind the bat, was
responsible for two runs because of his
poor throwing to second. One of the
biggest crowds of the season turned out
to see Jones and Newton work. At
tendance C5Q0. Score:
Portland — , Los Angeles —
AB. n. II. P. A. AB. U. II. P. A.
V Brn.cr 5 0 0 1 Cfloy, cf . . 3 1 1 3 1
FY*-mn.lb 5 O 1 11 0 Wheelr.B 3 0 12 4
BUke.3b 3 0 2 3 1 lib :t 0 0 4 3
Andrn. *ib 4 0 2 3 2 Dillon, lb 4 0 1 6 2
fcadeau.lf 4 0 0 2 0 Cravth.rf 3 1110
Francis,* 4 112 4 Roes If.. 4 2 2 2 0
rhlmn. rf 4 0 3 2 0 «"orbet,2b 4 0 2 10
Khea. c. 1 0 0 0 OjFples. c. 4 O O 7 1
Clark, c. 2 0 0 © l>'ewton.p 3 12 11
3on«. p. 40104
Totals.31 5 10 27 12
Totals. 36 1 10 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY ININGS.
Los Angeles 0 2002100 x— 6
Base hits 02002213 x — 10
PortUnd 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 O 0 — 1
Base hits 11122102 0—10
SUMMARY.
B Stolen bases — Hoy, Corbett. Error* — Wheeler
w <2). Clark. Sacrifice hits — Wheeler. Firet base
on errors — Portland '2. First base on called
balls — Off Newton, 2; off Jones. 3. Struck
out — By Newton, B. Left on bases — Portland
JO. Los Angrelea C. Two-base hit* — Ross, An
derson, Thielrean (2). Wild pitch — Jones. Time
of came — One hour and thirty-five minutes.
Umpire — Buck Francks.
Aid Him to Defeat Jones, Who
Pitched for Portland.
AI7GELS ST7FPOBT NEWTON.
saddle at Oakland on Satur
day, but will probably make his first
appearance this afternoon. He Is under
contract to ride for the stable of Dan
Hanlon, Owner of Sly and other horses,
and is one of the most gentlemanly lit
tle fellows riding. During the meeting
at Bennings last spring Haack finished
second to Redfern In the list of winning
mounts.
Barney Schreiber returns to Califor
nia a good winner on the Eastern sea
son. "While his stable did not cut a
wide swath, Barney was fortunate In
booking ventures. The crack' filly Ge
heimness never recovered from -the at
tack of catarrhal fever contracted at
Little Rock early in the year. She is
now at Oakland track in care of Train
er Dick Williams, and may round to
In this climate. . .
A well-known trainer lays the Indif
ferent showing made by several well
played horses at Oakland on Saturday
to the deceptive condition of the going.
While most people were basing their
calculations on a sloppy track, he says
the footing was sticky - and holding.
This was due to the new top dressing
taken from the infield. . . .
Bookmaker Joe Harlan quit $1400 to j
the bad on Saturday. ' He happened to
pick up some Eonic money.
Barney Schreiber started off well by
winning about $2500. . - -
There will soon be plenty. of good rid
ers here. The first time one of the
"bush" contingent makes a mistake the
judges should see that the culprit is
issued a badge to view the' sport from
the Berkeiey^foothills.
The entries for to-day: . -.
First race — Futurity course; selling: 3-year
olds:
4964 'Conger 08 .... *Ebs Now. • • 08
51C1 Merwan 103 6203 »Step~ Around. 104
B1C0 Elfin King 100 4671 *Maud Muller. 101
4S74 Batidor 100 4498 Idina 106
6303 'Sherry 10 JJ
Second race — Six furlongs; ¦ selling; 4-year
olds and up:
630GE1 Piloto 100(6064 Matt Hogan..l00
.... Billy Taylor. .109 (5104-)Flourlsh 103
(4"70)Idogo 10s» 4506Nullah.. 109
5105 Educate 100 (5305)»Mm. Bishop. 104
Mtfi El Pilar 105 'Quiet .. .105
4200 Torllla 109 *Foul Play 104
" Third race— Five and a half furlongs; purse;
2-year-olds: %
4489 Scherzo 104 (5252)Fel'ipe Lugo. . .110
4041 Capt. Forsee..l07 .... Du Barry 101
402.1 Keogh 110 Judge ..I 110
5307 Sol Smith 107 4409 Dorice ...'....110
4507 Young Pepper. 104
Fourth race — One mile and seventy] yards;
eelling; 3-year-olds and up;
™U ° U 103 rau " L - Melbourne 97
(52!t.1)Erne 103 5304 Grail .... 103
5308 'Galanthus ... 08 63C6 'Iras ..... 8U
5.J11 'Mr. Dingle... 04 4C91 H. Thatcher. .105
415*0 Major Dixon . . 1(35 62S3 Invlctus ..... 103
Fifth race— Futurity course; selling; 3-year
olds: : - ' , . >
5310 •Albemarle ..101 5107 B. Rosewater 103
4792Vlgoroso 100 Titus ... 'inu
4S20M. Sherwood. lOtl 4C88 Ed UlburnX'lOfl
4C24 Quatre 100 4001 Glenarvon ...109
4CO2 •Picka / way ...101 • >lw
Sixth race^ — Seven furlongs; purse; 4-year
olds and up: . - . .
<53<XS) Captivate ... .100 5309 Ben MacDhui 103
45:>» Diderot 100 530!THuntressa .i 100
40G8 Bill Massie...lO3 4C91 Frank Woods'.lOO
•Apprentice allowance. . '
WILLIE HAACK, a clever
lightweight jockey, who is
here from the East with his
father, was not seen in the
George Gardner is rounding into form
for his battle with Fitzsimmons. He
worked out before a big crowd yester
daV. and the wise ones came away with
a high opinion of the Lowell boxer.
George hammered theMnflated sphere
for ten minutes without a let-up and
then took on Harry Foley and Alec
Greggains in eight two-minute rounds.
Foley did the fast boxing and let loose
all his pet punches at George. The lat
ter blocked beautifully and hammered
Foley until Harry thought Dave Barry
was throwing rocks at him. Greggains
wore a heavy pneumatic pad and al
lowed Gardner to land with all his
force. Gardner took some hot punches
in return, a3 Greggain3 was there with
both hands. Gardner lifted Greggains
off his feet time and time again with
terrific punches which the recipient
could feel through the pad. It was
great work for Gardner and did much
to perfect his punching powers. Gard
ner worked for half an hour.
should not be 1 to 1. Canole
is a much better man than Selger,
and although Britt Is picked to win,
the Californian will have his work cut
out for him to achieve a victory.
Canole has not, apparently, extended
himself in training. He has a number
of Eastern sporting men with him who
are here to take as much coin home
with^them as possible. The odds suit
them and they will bank heavily on
Canole's chances of winning. , .
Canole is a big surprise when he doffs
his garments. His legs are big and
strong and his stomach is. ridged with
muscles that will save him in a de
gree from BrltCs punishing lefts.
Landers, who is training for Mauro
Herrera, landed a right on Canole a
few days ago and sent the Easterner
staggering against the wall. The Bos
ton boy came back and fought his spar
ring partner to a standstill. Canole has
a stiff left which he lands with unerr
ing aim. In boxing before' a big crowd
yesterday Canole refrained from using
his right hand. He devoted his atten
tion to straight Jabs and upper-cuts
with hisleft. Canole uses a shift which
Britt will have to solve before the fight
progresses far, as Canole is clever in
landing with it.
Alec Greggains, Harry Foley and the
balance of the men quartered at Lark
spur look upon Canole as a good man.
They also admit that Canole does not
extend himself in training. It remains
to be seen how much better he can do
in the ring.
THE wise sporting men . say the
betting on the Britt-Canole
contest which is to take place
next Friday night at Colma
Jockey Willie Haack Signs
With Him for the
Season.
Eastern Boxer Impresses
the Visitors at His
Quarters.
CLEVER BOSTON BOXER WHO
WILL BE BRITT'S NEXT
OPPONENT.
Vampires — Airth, goal; Petersen,
right back; Martini left" back; Lang
dale, right half; Glarnler, center half;
Harwood, left half; Showell, outside
right; Weaver, inside right: Kay, cen
ter: Turner, inside left; Wilding, out
side left.
Referee — J. Casson.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 15. — Snappy and
scientific football was played by the
Vampires and the Hornets of the Cali
fornia Association League on the TVeb
ster-street field this afternoon, result
ing in a hard-earned victory for the
former kickers by a score of 1 to 0.
The goal that won the game
was made in the first part of the sec
ond half. In this half the sphere was
for the greater part of the time in the
Vampires' territory. It appeared sever
al times that the Hornets, who grew
aggressive toward the close, would tie
the contest. Bird, Williamson, Erskine
and Chambers of the Hornets "put up a
game that surprised their opponents,
and won many commendations for the
punters. Peterson and Wilding, of the
Vampires, were the men who attracted
the attention of the large crowd by
splendid work for their side. The
teams lined up as follows:
Hornets — Williamson, goal; Shand,
right back; W. Pomroy, left back;
Bird, right half; Chambers, center half;
McKay, left half; Lackie, outside right;
Cowell, inside right; Erskine, center; E.
Pomeroy, inside left; Hunter, outside
left.
Fast Game of Association Football
Played at Alameda.
HORNETS DEFEAT VAHPIRES.
The Independents put the ball be
tween the posts a second* time before
half time was called, but did not score
a goal.
After changing ends the Independents
worked the ball down close to the Pick
wick poal and Rushton, running out to
save, left his post unguarded. The In
dependents secured a second goal. A
little later another goal was secured by
a good shot at an acute angle. Though
the Pickwicks worked hard and had
several shots at the goal, none of them
resulted successfully and the match
ended without their scorins- C. ' W.
Irish refereed the game. Th^ players
and their positions were as follows:
Independents. Positions. Pickwicks.
Forbes Goalkeeper Rushton
Armstrong .... Risht Back "Wardlaw
Lynch (Capt.). Left Back Field
Owens .Right Halfback Warren
Walsh Center Half back... Sheddon
Smith Left Halfback Furber
Mechels Inside Left Gracie
E. Fay Outside Left Milne
Ellis Center Forw'd.. Conception
T. Fay Inside Right Walters
Russell Outside Right.. .Robertson
The heavy rain which fell on Satur
day had rendered the ground muddy, so
that the players slipped repeatedly on
Its treacherous surface.
The Independent Association Football
eleven easily defeated the Pickwick
team yesterday afternoon on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds in this city.
the conclusion of play the score stood
6 to 0 in favor of the Independents.
The number of goals scored by the
winners would have been considerably
larger had the losers not possessed an
excellent goalkeeper, Rushtcn, who
made many fine saves. The Pickwick
efeven was largely made up of new
men and lacked team work. The com
bination work and passing of the In
dependents were much superior to those
of their opponents and the Pickwick
goal was constantly in danger.
The ball was kicked off at 2:40 p. m.
by Taliesin Evans, president of the Cal
ifornia Association Football League.
After a good deal of back and forth
play two dangerous shots at the Pick
wick goal being cleverly kept out by
Rushton, the Independents took the
ball down the field with a rush and
I scored the first goal in about fifteen
I minutes.
Besides all the other pleasant things
that happened, the spectators had the
opportunity of looking on a game
which savored of genuine baseball
from the tap of the gong. First it was
San Francisco's game, then the score
was tied, after which the natives pull
ed up again, another deadlock resulted
and finally the northern stars beat
out Uncles followers.
Jay Hughes was given the glad hand
of welcome as he stepped into the box
to perform for the last time this year
against the bunch controlled by Uncle.
Jay was not as good as he might be
and the youngster Cutter, who mixed
'em up for Uncle, really had the big
league veteran beaten a city block
throughout.
Xot a run showed till the fifth, when
Cutter slashed one to right . field for
two bases. Shay maneuvered about
the plate for a while and finally slam
med down a bunt that he beat to first,
starting the crowd yelling. Meany
lined one at Dolan and Shay was re
tired at second and Meany at first.
Cutter sprinted for the pan and scored
while the double was being pulled off.
Seattle was right behind the home
puard with a run in their half of the
Fixth. Mohler drew a pass. Smith sin
gled, as did Brashear. and the kid
scampered in. Then the locals forged
ahead once more. Krug was passed
and kyneh came through with a bunt
that got past both Hughes and Moh
ler. sendinp the German to third. Del
mas popped up a little fly back of sec
ond and Mohler could not recover in
time for a throw to the plate, so Krug
arrived with the last run for his team.
Not till the seventh round did the
club swingers from the north strike
thpir gait. A little good base running,
aided by a few free passes, allowed
Dolan and Mohler to make the loop,
giving Seattle the game by just one
run. The score:
San Francisco — , Seattle —
AB. n. H. P. A.| AB.R.H.P.A.
Phay. p.. 4 0 1 3 2 Lumly.cf 5 0 14 0
Mpany.rf 3 0 10 0 Molilr.l'b 3 2 14 3
lrwln.3b. •'> " 1 2 -". Smiih.rf. 3 O 1 0 O
KruK.cf.. 3 10 3 1 Hr*=hr.lb. 3 O 2 6 1
Lynch. If. 3 0 14 0 Zlnyar.lf 4 O 0 2 0
rahrt.Jb. 4 O 1 11 2 Jar.hg.^b. 3 0 0 2 1
I>elTtw.2b 3 0 0 1 l!l>olan.s. . 3 10 4 1
l^ahy.c 3 0 0 2 l|By*re,c. 3 0 14 1
Cutter.p. 4 111 o;Huches,p 4 0 0 12
Totals. 31 2 6 27 lo' Totals. 31 3 6 27 9
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 O 0 1 1 1 0—3
Bare hits 1 0 0 1 0 2 2 0 0 — 6
Ean Francisco 0 0 0 0 1 1 U 0 0—2
Ease hits 1 0 112 10 0 0— C
SUMMARY.
Stolen base* — I3ra»hear. Irwin. Two-base
hits — Cutter. Byers. Sacrifice hit— Smith. First
base on called balls — OS Cutter 5, off Hughes
«;. Left on bases — San Francisco 8, Seattle 8.
iStruck out — By Cutter 2. by Hughes 3. Double
l>lay — Dolan to Mohler to Brashear. Time of
came — 1 hour and S3 minutes. Umpire — O'Con
ncll.
The Eighth-street baseball park
looked familiar once more to the 5000
fans who gathered there yesterday af<
ternoon to. look on while the tossers
from Seattle nosed the home bunch to
the finish by a score of 3 to 2. 'Twas
the first time In a week that the fans
had a chance to comment on the slow
ness of the baserunner^r the awk
wardness of the fielder. •
Stewart Gayness and Guy Lytton beat
George Bates and Fred Adams, 6-4, 7-5;
G. Walter Finch and J. M. Baker beat
Charles Dunlap and J. F. Brady, 6-8. 6-2.
7-5; G. W. Howell and J. K. Turner tied
Gardner and Haines, 6-8. 6-4; Dunlap and
Clarence Griffin beat Georsre Jones and
H Russell. 3-6, 6-2, 6-4; Janes and G. P.
Finnegan beat Gayness and Lytton, 8-6.
7-5; Lytton and Janes beat Haines and
Gardner, 6-4; Janes beat Gardner, 6-2,
6-3, 6-4.
Grant Smith and Chester Smith (owe
4-6) beat Herbert Schmidt and Harry
Rolfe (scratch), 6-4. 6-2, 6-2; Harry Haight
beat Herbert Long. 6-1. 6-2. 9-7; Lloyd
Baldwin beat Charles Kuehn. 6-4. 3-6. 6-4;
Professor Crawford beat Ray Cornell,
16-14; Joseph S. Tobin and Will Taylor
beat Frank Mitchell and Drummond Mac-
Gavin. 6-4. 2-6. 6-4; MacGavin beat Mitch
ell, 6-4, 6-4, 6-3; A. W. Worthington beat
W. F. Bull, 6-2, 6-3, 6-4: Frank Strinsrham
beat Sidney Salisbury. 12-10. 6-4; Dr. Love
grove tied W. S. Dole. 6-4. 4-6; L. C. Bo
zarth beat W. Blaisdell. 6-3. 6-4. 7-5.
The Golden Gate Park courts did not
dry until nearly noon, when there was
a large crowd on hand to play. The
best match was a doubles between
George Janes and H. Russell and Clar
ence Griffin and Charles Dunlap. After
losing the first set Dunlap and Griffin
pulled out the next two cleverly. In a
singles Carl Gardner, formerly of the
California Tennis Club and ex-cham
pion of Watsonville, was somewhat out
of condition and was taken into camp
by George Janes.
Some of the best matches resulted ai
follows: .
An interesting practice match was
played in the morning. The contest
ants were Frank Mitchell and Drum
mond-MacGavin on one side of the net
and Joseph S. Tobln and Will Taylor
on the other. Tobin and Taylor, who
were champions ten years ago, were
not figured to have a chance against
the cracks of the present day. The old
timers surprised everybody by win
ning two sets out of three. MacGavin
had one of his wild days and his er
rors and the steadiness of his oppo
nents are .accountable for their victo
ry. Taylor was fast and accurate at
the net, while Tobin did brilliant work
in the back court. The score was 6-4,
2-6. 6-4.
MacGavin was at his best a little
later in a singles match with Mitchell.
The latter has been playing a strong
game of late, but his younger oppo
nent beat him with ease, winning three
straight sets.
Ray Cornell and Professor Crawford
played the longest set of the day. The
score was 16-14 with the profejssor on
the long end.
Some of the matches played resulted
as follows:
The final match of the handicap dou
bles tennis tournament played on the
California Club courts yesterday after
noon resulted in an easy victory for
Grant and Chester Smith. They allow
ed Herbert Schmidt "and Harry Rolfe
odds of "owe 4-6" and won three
straight sets. The easy way in which
Schmidt and. Rolfe disposed of Mitch
ell and MacGavin last Sunday made
their chances look good.
The first set was the only one of the
three that was at all close. In this,
first one side was ahead and then the
other and nearly all the games were
deuce vantage. Y/oung Schmidt played
a spectacular game at the start, but
the steady and accurate lobbing of the
Smith brothers proved too much for
their younger opponents. The second
set was extremely one-sided. Smith
and Smith led at 6-0 and 30-0 and then
lost two games. The third and last
set at the start gave promise of being
close, but after 2-2 the Smith brothers
took four straight games. The score
was 6-4, 6-2, 6-2.
Most of the balls were played fo
Chester Smith and he handled them
cleverly. His; brother was not at his
best, his service being particularly
weak. Rolfe was too nervous- to play
his regular practice game, which is a
good one. The winners made few er
rors and undoubtedly won on superior
steadiness. They will hold the cup3
until the next handicap doubles tour
nament Is played, which will probably
be on Christinas day. This was the
second of a series of events for the
trophies, the first being won by Dr.
Hill and Will Allen.
Fifth round— Duhallow and Rapid Wa
ter withdrawn: Rubber Ankles beat Van
dal for the stake. 7-3.
Fourth round — Vandal beat Touns
Johnny Rex. 5-3: Duhallow beat Conrov.
19-S; Rapid Water beat Ml Amigo. 13-10:
Rubber Ankles a bye, Irvington Traloo
withdrawn.
Open stake— itemlsso Animo beat Ar
ticulate, 10-7; Bonnie Pasha beat Harvey
M, 14-7; America beat Donnybrook, 5->;
Vandal beat Anchor, 3-0; Wattles beat
Mellinwood. 4-3; Amandan beat Renegade
Apache. 14-8; Young Johnny Rex beat
Grace Greenwood, 11-3: Redwood Lad beat
Precita Maid, 4-3; Duhallow beat UocKlin
Boy, 26-10; Thelma beat Semproniua, 15-'j;
Otto beat Medley. 7-4; Vina beat Luxury.
23-12; Conroy beat Emin Bey. 19-4; May
Connolly beat Glancing Pasha, 5-0; Came
Boy beat Rural Artist. 18-9: Baree a bye.
Advance Guard withdrawn: Reno b^at
Rockefeller 14-11; Lord Goff beat Kittle
man, 6-2; Rapid Water beat Liberator,
10-3; Consort beat Melrose, 9-3; Flora
Temple a bye. Snapper Garrison with
drawn; Ml Amigo beat Adonic, 11-5;
Hurry On beat Tricksy, 19-3; The Referee
beat Frisky Boy. 4-2; Lord Granard beat
Pepper Jack, 7-6; Rubber Ankles ; beat
Pepper Hill, 8-5: Tralee Boy beat Mar
gueritte, 4-3; Mickey Free beat Flora
Belle, 8-6: Ragtime beat Old Ironsides.
3-2; Irvington Tralee beat Rock and Rye.
6-1: J E H ebat Eastlake. 23-2; Nan Nora
beat Roulette. 11-5.
Second round — Remlsso Animo beat
Bonnie Pasha, 6-0; Vandal beat Donny
brook, 13-9; Wattles a bye, Amandan
withdrawn; Young Johnny Rex beat
Redwood Lad. 15-4; Duhallow beat Thel
ma, 6-0; Conroy beat Otto. 9-4; Vina beat
May Connolly^ 13-5; Reno beat Game Boy.
7-5; Lord Goff a bye. Barge withdrawn:
Rapid Water a bye. Consort withdrawal
Mi Amigo beat Flora Temple, 14-9; Hurry
On beat The Referee. 10-6: Rubber Ankles
a bye. Lord Granard withdrawn: Traleo
Boy beat Mickey Free, 5-0: Irvington Tra
lee beat Ragtime, 11-3; J E H a bye, Van
Nora withdrawn.
Third round— Vandal beat Remisso Ani
mo. 5-0: Young Johnny Rex beat Wat
tles, 8-6: Duhallow beat Vina, «-2: Con
roy a bye. Reno withdrawn: Rapid Water
beat Lord Goff. 36-0: Ml Amigo beat Hur
ry On. 11-4: Rubber Ankles beat Tralee
Boy. 5-0; Irvington Tralee beat J E H.
14-1L
Puppy stake— Pursuer beat Fiddler,
15-4; i.-»ora mil beat iiecruu, 20-8; Uun
powder beat Paciflc. 14-5; Richochet beat
rtose of Gold, 5-0 ; blue cralg a bye. isei
lie Wise wltndrawn; Finooia beat An
zella, 8-0; Rose Free beat Hialtu, 1J-U;
Krunk Dunn beat Kockaway. 8-2; Fair
stone beat Jigstep. 6-4; Traitse Maid beat
My Grafter. 13-1; Fine Thougnts beat
Spring Heels, lti-0; Tralee Lass beat
hawKeye, 14-0.
Second round— Pursuer beat Nora Hill.
13-lo; Gunpowder beat Richochet, li'-t>;
Finoola . beat Blue Craig. 10-»; Frank
Dunn beat Kose Tree, S-6; Tralee Maaii
beat Falrstone, 14-6; Tralee Lass beat
Fine Thoughts, ISM.
Third round— Pursuer beat Gunpowder.
5-4; Tralee Maid beat Finoola. 6-5; Tralee
Lass beat Frank Dunn, 12-8.
Fourth round— Tralee Maid beat Pur
suer. 10-7; Tralee Lass a bye.
Deciding course — P. J. Horgan's Tralee
Lass (Cronin's Wild Tralee-Maid o' the
Hill) beat same owner's Tralle Maid
(.same breeding).
Rubber Ankles, fresh from her
triumphs in the American Waterloo at
Oklahoma City, started in the open
stake yesterday at Union Coursing
Park and won cleverly. The fortunes
of coursing gave her three "bye"
courses, so she was called upon to beat
only Pepepf Hill, Tralee Boy and Van
dal. The long railroad Journey to Ok
lahoma did not dull her speed, as she
was at her best yesterday, showing a
great flight of speed.
The coursing was remarkable for the
length of the trials. Fifty of the
eighty-six courses lasted more than
one minute. Of this number nineteen
lasted more* than two minutes. Twenty
two favorites were beaten. Of these
four were one to five choices, while six
were one to three In the ring.
P. J. Horgan of Concord, who seems
to "have a monopoly of the "baby"
events," divided the puppy stakes with
Tralee Lass and Tralee Maid, two
promising- daughters* of Cronin's "Wild
Tralee. Each ran exactly 250 seconds up
to the deciding course. With the same
stock Mr. Horgan won the Futurity
and the Junior Champion. All the
Horgan youngsters run like seasoned
greyhounds, showing they have been
thoroughly tried on the up country
fields before making their debut here.
The results of yesterday's running with
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores
follow:
Grutll Shooting Club, turkey shoot—
L. Hauser 69, A. Gehret 67. A. von Wyl
67, F. Werlen 65. T. Simmen 65. F. Baum
gartner 61, A. Studer 63. John Bachmann
CO, C. Muller 54. O. -Imdorf . 65. G. Orsi 55,
E. de Fillippl 62, Frank Suter 59.
Bullseye shoot— First, J. Bachmann;
second, F. Werlen; . third, .0. Imdorf:
fourth, Al Gehret; fifth, George R. Hau
eer: sixth, Fred Baumerartner; seventh,
T. Simmen: eighth, E. de Fillippl: nin^h,
A. Studer . ' . c
Medal shoot— Champion class. A. Stu
der, 414: first class. L. Hauser, 865: second
class, not won; third class, Charles Muel
ler, 277.
Turkey shoot— Captain F. Kommer 70,
C. Neilson.61. H. Enge 65. R. Finking 62,
B. Jonas 61, F. A. SchrumpfT 60, Otto Bur
meister 56. Philo Jacoby 6C. C. K. Zim
mer 55. Adam Brehm 53, Charles Sage
horn 51. F. Attinger 51, J. Straub 48. C.
Abrams 47. F. Klatzl 47, J. J. Kuehn 45,
L. Langer 44, H. 1 Stettin 41, J. Constan
tlne 40.: . ' ¦• ¦ —
- San Francisco Turner Schuetzen,
monthly medal shoot, two. strings of ten
shots each— H. Enge, 202, 214; C. Nellson,
192, 178: Otto Burmeister, 180, 192; Charles
Sagehorn, 180, 190; R. Finking, 188, 149; F/
Attinger, 178, 184; F. Hesserschmldt, 59,
134; Fred J. Klatzl, 141, 155; J. Hahr, 108,
105; C. Abrams, 152, 169; Captain F. Kom
mer, 155, 147: J. J. Kuehn, 144, 143: Au
gust Jungblut, 1GS, 185; A. Utschig, 120.
135; Joseph Straub, 176, 186; Drummer B.
Jonas. 212, 207. K
California Schuetzen Club, turkey
shoot— P. Brunotte 65, J. L. Utschig 61,
R. Mayrhofer 62, L. C. Babln 60, A. von
WyK65, Otto Burmeister 62, F. A. Kuhls
64, . Philo Jacoby 60, Louis Thierbach 65,
George H. Bahrs 63, E. H. Ladd 60. W.
F. Blasse 62, Louis Bendel 70, Otto Bremer
62, A. Bertelsen 62, A. Gehret 67, F. H.
Bremer 60, Charles Rousseau 66, R. Fink
ing 60, J. E. Klein 65, J. F. Robinson 63,
H. Enge 63, A. Strecker 61, C. Henderson
63, John Jones 60, Chris Meyer 64. A.
Breuss 67, George Rischmulltr Sr. G7.
Bullseye shoot. Pistol Annex— W. F.
Blasse 81. 81; M. F. Blasse, 76, 82; George
Tammeyer, 77, 73; J. L. Utschig, 76, 75;
C. M. Henderson, 74, 61: John Boiler, 70;
Max Kolander, 72, 69; L. J. Reubold, 72,
71;- H. Kuhls, 71; M. Hartter, 44; William
Ehrenpfort, 31.
One of the most important military
matches that has taken place in the
State for a long time was held yester
day at the San Rafael military range.
The contesting companies were Battery
B, First Artillery Regiment, N.
G.- C, of San ' Francisco and Com
pany D, Fifth Infantry Regiment,
stationed at San Rafael. The match
was the first of a series of three
to be held by these companies. Battery
B was in charge of Captain W. S. Grat
tan, while Company D was taken care
of by Captain Newell Vanderbllt. Com
pany D proved the victors with 56S
points, against 563 for their opponents.
As the companies shot ten men each
the victors beat their contestants only
one-half a point per man. Company D
has long been known as one of the
best shooting companies in the Nation
al Guard, and Captain Grattan is to be
congratulated on getting up this series
of contests and bringing such a fine
team together. Battery B will next
shoot against the Alameda Company.
The scores of the different clubs fol
low: . ; .?-¦,...:
Every target on the rifle range was
kept in use from early morning until
darkness called a halt yesterday . at
Schuetzen Park. The occasion for the
ldrge Jhrong was the annual turkey
shoot of the California Schuetzen Grutll
Club and the Turner Schuetzen Club.
In the California Club Louis Bendel
was high with 70 rings to his credit. He
was closely followed by A. Breuss 67,
Al Gehret 67 and C. M. Rousseau 66. In
the pistol class "W. F. Blasse carried
off the honors with 82 rings.
H. Enge of the Turner Schuetzen was
the top man of his club with a score
of 214 rings. He was followed by Drum
mer Jonas with 212.
"The champion medal in the Grutll
Club was won by A. Studer with 414
rings.
In the bullseye shooting, Chris Meyer
won the special prize, Louis Shierbach
won first bullseye- and M. Hartin sec
ond. The rest of the scores follow:
W. F. Blasse, 629; F. H. Schrumoff. 791:
M. F. Blasse, 841; G Ahrens. 1530; O. Bur
meister, 1160; H. Scheunert, 7«; J. L. Ut
schig, 1424; A. Gehret. 1284; John Bach
mann, 1037; P. Brunotte. 429; G. Risch
muller Jr. 317; John Boiler, 1668: G. Rlsch
muller Sr., 990; R. Finking, 831 ;.H. Enjre,
874; M. Kolander, 1955; G Tammeyer, 569;
C. Zimmerman, 1674; F C. Hagerup, 1114;
W. Nolden, 1588; A. Rahwyler, 821; C. von
vHartwlg, 320; L. Thierbach, 118; A. Ut
schig. 1692;. A. Jungblut. 1119; M. F. Hart
ter, 129; Fred Brandt; 1120: L. J. Reubold.
600; L. Bendel. 515; F. Suter. 1587; Ed Ladd.
1737; O. Bremer, 408; C Meyer. 637: J.
Povey. 1G9; J. Jones, 379; A. Strecker,
1555: F. Riede. 849; H. Stettin. 1446; F.
Kuhls, 1140; C. Oldag, 591: J. Straub, 1236:
A. Breuss, 1067; W. Ehrenpfort, 1189: G.
H. Bahrs. 1397: A. von Wyl, 1343: A. Reu
bold, 1807; M. Reubold, 1811; F. P. Schues
ter 2537.
Great Skill Between
the Fosts.
Goalkeeper Rushton Shows
Interesting Military Match Is
Held at Schuetzen
Park.
Veterans Tobin and Taylor
Win a Practice
Match.
P. J. Horgan Again Supplies
First and Second in
Puppy Event.
Both Teams Play in Good
Form and Score Is
Often Tied.
Byers' Double to Fence
Brings In the Win
ning Run.
Many Marksmen Com
pete for (the Tooth
some 13irds.
Pickwicks Lose Football
Match on Presidio
&round. .
Waterloo Cup Winner
Takes Union Park
Stake.
Clever Players Easily
Defeat Rolfe and
Schmidt.
SEATTLE NOSES
OUT IN EIGHTH
INDEPENDENTS
WIN EASY GAME
TURKEY SHOOTS
ARE IN ORDER
TENNIS TROPHIES
FOR THE SMITHS
RUBBER ANKLES
RUNS CLEVERLY
THE SAN FBATs CISCO; CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, iwuo.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE PRIZERING
DAN HANLON
SECURES A
CRACK BOY
FAST WORK
IS SHOWN
BY CANOLE
8
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
BY ; OCTAVE THAHET.
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
of in* th© v
THANKSCrlVINO , OF : THE
PLUMBER " AND * V-: t
THE , ; BURGLAR.Hovements of Steamers.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 10.
TO SAIL.
Police Disperse Anarchists.
BARCELONA, Nov. 15.— The police
to-day ilspcTEed a meeting of anarch-
BERLIN, Nov. 15.— The Frankfurter
Zeltung's Constantinople correspondent
says the Pennsylvania Steel Company
has been awarded the contract for
20,000 tons of steel rails for the Mecca
Railway, in competition with the
Kruppa and several other German and
Belgium estimates. The price is $22 SS
per ton delivered at Beirut.
American Steel for Syria.
Fight Over a Harmonica.
Albert J. Tucker, a solicitor, went to
the Ocean Beach on Saturday night and
spent some hours watching the waves
as they dashed on the rocks. He wanted
to do some hard thinking on the car on
his way home and was disturbed by a
boy who was playing a harmonica. He
gave the boy 25 cents on his promise
that he would stop playing. Another
man gave the boy a dime to begin play
ing again, and Tucker got into an ar
gument with the man. From words
they came to blows, and Tucker was
thrown off the car with his face bleed
ing and without his hat. He was ar
rested by Policeman Collier on a charge
of disturbing the peace, and after
spending the night In the City Prison
was released on ball yesterday morning;
The Overdue List.
The overdue list is as- follows: Char
lonus. Bunbury to United Kingdom, 132
days, 10 per cent;- Daisy. Belize to
United Kingdom, 99 days, 85 per cent*
Fifeshire, Manila , to New Caledonia, 99
days, 30 per oent; Paris, Hamburg to
Honolulu, 189 days, 30 per cent.
Son, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Tune and Heights of High and Low Water*
Alfredo Oolong and Pedro Revera
were arrested early yesterday morning
by Corporal Fraher and Policemen
Holmes and Sliver on a charge of bur
glary. The officers found Golong in
side the Jewelry store of G. Licato,
fl2 Broadway, and Revera was
standing outside on the walk
as a lookout. Golong had In his pos
session a number of pass keys and one
ntted the Jock of the Jewelry store
door. Golong was discovered before he
had an opportunity to take any of the
ttock.
Arrested for Burglary.
ists which had been arranged to cele
brate the anniversary of the execution
of the Chicago anarchists in 18S6. The
action of the authorities was taken
because violent speeches were made at
the meeting advocating an active pro
paganda of anarchistic designs.
The old bark Oregon started on' her
last trip yesterday, bound for Lady
smith, where she will be used for a
coal hulk, having been sold to the Duns
muir Coal Company. ' The vessel was
built in 1875 In Bath,< Maine, and until
recently was owned by W. E. Mighell
She has been a well known carrier from
this port.
Sails on Her Last Trip.
The steamship Pasadena, which ar
rived in port yesterday. 70 hours from
San Pedro, reports that when off Port
Orford she broke her crank pin. Captain
Rasmussen then proceeded slowly under
sail until he had repaired the damage to
the pin by putting a clamp around it
Breaks Her Crank Pin.
TATOOSH — Passed out 'Nov 15— Stmr Mln
eola, from Tacoma. for ' San Francisco; bktn
Newsboy, from Anacortes, for Iteilondo; bktn
- Sailed Nov IS — Stmr Umatilla, for San
Francisco. Nov 14-^-Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway.
Arrived Nov IB — Stmr American, hence 11th.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Nov 15 — Stmr
Rainier, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov IB — Stmr Queen,
hence Nov 12; US stmr Bear, from Arctic
Ocean.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8, Nov IB, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Sunday, November 15.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dltgo and
way ports. ili'"''i ¦ : •
i fitrr.r Eureka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Whlttler, Macdonald. Ventura,
Stmr Corona. EaRles. Eureka.
Stmr Redondo, Krog. San Padro.
Br ship Llndfleld, Reed, Sydney.
Bark Oregon. Barker. Ladysmlth.
Fr bark Gael, Gavary, Sydney.
Echr Ida A, Beck. Point Reyee.
Schr Fanny Dutard. Anderson. Coos Bay.
Schr 'Mary Dodare. Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Volant. Skipper. Eureka.
Schr Queen. Henrlcksen, Port Gamble.
Schr Halcyon, Schroeder, La Pa*. "
Stmr Argyll, GUboy. 8% days from Hono
lU fat'mr Pasadena, Rasmussen. 70 hours from
Odland. 15 hours from Men
l 'tmr Slsnal. BendeKnArd. 8 flay, from Coo.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, CO hours from Cooa
Bay.
Ba 8tmr Vdondo^Krog. M hour. ifrom Eureka:
bound south; put In with bark Tidsi Wave in
tO felmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 69 hours from San
W Bt™r%Ml? 5°Skwtt. Jahn»en. 26 hour,
T 'y Ci a Jl sUnr" LoKan, Stlmson, 81 flays from
Minlla, via Nagasaki 23 days, via Honolulu
Bark' Tidal Wave. Btokkobye. 06 hours from
Eureha, In tow atmr Redondo.
Bark KaullanU Golly. 22 days from Hono
lulu
Sunday, November 13.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
MEXICAN RAILROADS
"WANT TO CONSOLIDATE
Bill Submitted in Chamber of Depu
ties Provides for Union of Three
Great Lines.
MEXICO CITY. Nov. 15.— A bill has
been submitted in the Chamber of Dep
uties under which the Government con
sents to the consolidation of the Na
tional, International and Interoceanlc
Railroads, action being taken at the
request of the management of the Na
tional.
Article 1 provides that for a period of
thirty years the National will have the
exclusive right to build lines across the
"free zone," comprising a strip of fifty
kilometres extending from the. Gulf of
Mexico to a point five kilometres north
west of Cape Diaz.
D. K. Pearsons, who endows colleges,
protested against the Assessors' personal
property estimate of 3100,000. "All I have
In my office." he said, •*!¦ a table and a
couple of old desks."
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.] Her.
\oT*mb*r 1O. j ~~~
Coronado... Loa Angeles Ports. 1 pmlPler la
f m p, lr « Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 13
Arctic. . .... Humboldt * am Pier ltt
5. Barbara. Seattle A Olympta 4 pmlpter 2
_. Novrmb«r 17. 1
Phoenix Mendocino City.... 1 pmjpier 13
Coos Bay.. San Pedro A Way 9 am'Pter 11
€1ty Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am pjer j
.November 18.
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 aza Pier 13
Korea China ft Japaa.... 1 pm Pier ij
Chlco Coqullle River « pmJPIer 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:3Op'Pter j
November 19. |
Iaqua Humboldt S pir.Pier 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor ..., 4 pmiPter a
O. Ltndauer Astoria & Portland 5 pm'Pler 28
Sonoma Sydney A Way Pts. 2 pmiPler 7
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 amjPter 24
State of Cal. Ean Diego A Way. t» anVPler U
November 2O. \
N. Fork.... Hurnbcldt 5 pmiPler 2
November 21. |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmiPter 2
Bonlta Newport A Way... 9 amIPler 11
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 rajPler 40
Nevadan...' Honolulu 3 pmiPler 20
Rival Wlltapa Harbor ... 4 pmlPler 2
November 22. |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier 9
Rainier Seattle A Whatcom 4 pmiPler 10
i *• November 24. f
O.W.Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 «m[Pler 24
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pmiPler 18
November 25. I
Gaelic China 4 Japan ... 1 pmjPler 40
Nlcarla. ... Hamburg if Way..* 2 pm,Pter 13
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails. .
Banta Asa... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. INov. 19
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. ltf
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. Nov. la
Valencia Skagway * Way Ports. INov. 19
Al-KJ Skagrway A Way Ports-lNov. 2O>
Dlrlgo Skagway A Way Ports. |Kov. 24
Cottage City.. Skagway ft Way Ports. {Nor. XI
The steam schooner Phoenix arrived
in port yesterday, fifteen hours from
Mendocino, with only half of her regular
cargo. Captain Odland reports that
while loading the weather became so
rough that he was obliged to put to sea
for the safety of his vessel, although
she was but half loaded. Her cargo is
200,000 feet of lumber, consigned to the
Mendocino Lumber Company.
Brings Half Regular Cargo.
I ii 1 1 si i -^
S g R • f.| «- & « Months Behind m|^
KAZIE AND <XJlE&. § " C. C* fa? Contract July 1. » n I
• " o oil w
: - ': f f I Iff
• • " : : . 1901 I 1902 1903 • 3 .
I'.:ino!s, B.S Newport Sept. 26. 1*98 Sept. 24. 1S9» June r>, 11)02 31 8 •
Maine, B. B Cramp Oct. 1, 18W» Juno 1, 1901 Dec. 29. l(>02 19 15. 5 17.5
Missouri. B. S Newport Dee. 30. 1S9S Aug. .'.0. 1W1 Nov. 15, 1903 27 17.2 20.6 2:{.8 OS
Ohio. B. S Union I. W Oct. 5, 1888 June 5. 15D1 May 1. 1904. 35 ll> 29 33 S2 .
Virginia. B. 6 Newport Feb. 15, 1001 Feb. 1« l»O4 Dec. 1. 1905 9.5 18.3 ltf.4 44
Nebraska. B. S Moran Bros March 7. l»01 March 7, 1904. ... April 20, 1900 25 5 . 10.8 IS 27
Georgia. B. S Bath I. W Feb. 18. 1901 Feb. 18. 1VHH Feb. 11. 1907 3fl' 12.5 18.2 38
New Jersey. B. S Fore River Feb. 15, 1901 Feb. 15. 1904..!.. July J. IDOt! 28 5 .... 10 15.2 45.
Rhode Island. B. S Fore River ]Feb. 15, 1901 j Feb. 15. 1904 (July 1. 190C 29.5 10 15.5 45
ronwrUcut. B. S N. T.. N. T "Aug. 11, 1902 Aug. 11. 1905 March 15. 1JKXJ. . .. 7 1.5 18
Louleiana. D. B Newport Oct. 15. 1002 April 15, 1905 'March 15. 100C. ... 11 1 '24
Pennsylvania, A. C 'Cramp Jan. 10. lftOl Jan. 10, 1904 .Oct. 1. 1904 9 .... 6 9.5 69
We*t Vlj-Klnla. A. C (Newport Jan. 24. l«01 Jan. 2*, 1904 iFeb. J. l»O5 12 6.4 10.5 59
CaiimrnSa. A. C (Union I. W Jan. 10, 1901 Jan. 10, 1904 Sept. 1. 1905 l» 12 18.5 41
Colorado. A. C Jan. 10, 1'jOl Jan. 10, 19<H lAug. 1. lf'04 18 .... 4.5 7.5 C3
Maryi«nd.A.C ! : N * ewpo r t \;; Jan. 2t. 1901 Jan.- 24, 1904 |April 1. 1!«>5 15 7.5 10.0 67
South Dakota, A. C Lnion I. ¦« 'Jnn. 10. 1001 Jan. 10, 190J INov. 1. 1905 21 13 19.5 38
Ft. Leu:?, A. C Neafle & Levy !March 11, l«01. .. March 11. 1904. ...' Jan. 1. lfHXt 21 12^5 20 ' 28
Milwaukee. A. C Union I. W -; April 17, 1901 April 17. H«M Oct. 35. 1905 18 11 18.5 31
Charl^fton. A. C .Newport , March iO. IMl. ... March 30. 1904. ...ljune 1.1905 14 0.6 12.1 50
Denver. P. C Fore River ,Dec. 14. 1S-J9 June 14. J0O2 jDec. 1.1903 17.5 3.8 6.5 16 97
De* Moin«i>. P. C NeaneiLevy Dec. 14, 1*M» June 14. lt»02 j. an 15,1904 ID 5 7.8 15.5 94
rhattanorga. P. C Nixon Dec. 14, 1R9« June 14. 3902 1 6 10 1C.5 74'
Oalvofton. P. C TrlKg : Dec. It. 1?99 June 14. 1902 Oct. 1 1J«>4 27.5 0.0 11.5 20.7 C8 ¦
Taeoms, P. C i Union I. W Dec. 1». 1899 June 14. 1902 |Nov 7.1903 * 17.5 9 18 19 91
Cl«-veUnd. P. C Bath I. W .« I Deo. 14. 1899 'June 14. 1002 Oct. 30. 1&03 16.fi 1.5 5.6 13.1 99
Abbreviations: B. 8., battleship; A. C. armored cruiser; P. C, protected cruiser. [ ¦
The American bark Tidal Wave ar
rived in port yesterday with her cargo of
lumber shifted. She sailed from Eureka
on the Fourteenth inst. in tow of the
steam schooner Redondo. At la. m. the
day following, in a heavy southeast
gale, the hawser parted and was not
picked up until 11 a. m., when she again
proceeded under tow, and arrived in port
with no further mishap. The vessel
sustained no damage. •
Shifts Her Cargo.
Sun rises a-v<
S? Hi"-! Ft.^4F, I lm - F, 1!^ Ft.
? L W| H W| L W H W
21 1J39 ' Sio eJOS 2.9 12:17 6. CJ 7:07 -0.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eawT morning tide, are given 1 In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Savin the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
aomeUrnes occurs. The heights given are In
addition "o the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (-)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
ctven Is subtracted from the depth given by
fhe charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. From 1 Due.
Chlco Coqullle River [Nov. 16
"Wyefleld Nanalmo JNav. 14
Coronado Grays Harbor [Nov. lrt
Czarina Coos Bay 'Nov. 14
Chehalls Greys Harbor {Nov. 1«
G. Ltndauer.. Portland (Nov. 18
Pom>na Humboldt [Nov. It*
Columbia Portland £ Astoria INov It;
State of Cal.. San Diego A Way Ports Nov. l!l
Mackinaw Tacoma jNov. 17
Nevadan Honolulu |Nov. IT
OacIIc China & Japan |Nov. ft
Mlneola Tacoma Nov. 19
y ero Oyster Harbor Nov. M
S. Monica.... San Pedro Nov 18
pel Norte Crescent City Nov. is
NorthFork... Humboldt Nov is
Bonlm Newport A "Way Port*. Nov. is
Rainier Seattle A Whateom INov. is
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports [Nov. is
Abydos Hamburg A Way Ports. INov. lo*
Iaqua San Pedro Nov. 19
City Sydney. . New York vta Panama Nov. 1»
Corona Humboldt Nov 19
Point Arena.. Memloctno * Pt. Arena Nov. 1»
Rival WUlapa Harbor Nov 19
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way Ports^Nov. U
£»caria. ...••• Seattle )nov. 20
O. W. Elder. . Portland A Astoria Nov 21
Coos Bay gan Pfdro A Way Ports Nov' 23
*£!£! ;¦• Co ° 8 Bay * Port Orford Nov. 22
S"£?,Y r * Grays Harbor Nov rj
In? 0 .! Seattle A Tacoma .... Nov! 23
cln^^i"'* PortIan<1 & W »» Ports. Nov. 22
rW«^SS SeattI » * Tacoma .... Nov. 23
Ban Pedro.... Humboldt Nov ~t
Martposa Tahm ....... Xov 23
vFXFv'.rW" ~* et 8ound Port*-.-' Novl 23
Alameda Honolulu Xor 24
**«**>« '• X. Y. via Panama.;.. ££." 25
' at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay Published by official authority of
NO b TE-rhe ln h. e K n h C a«d low water, occur at th.
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tld*
Is the tame at both places.
LIZARD — Passed Nov 15 — Stmr La Cham
fiagne, from New York, for Havre; stmr Fln
and, from New York, for Antwerp; stmr
Moltke, from New York, for Plymouth. Cher
bourg and Hamburg.
KINSALE— Passed Nov 15 — Stmr Lake Erie,
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Ionian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 14 — Stmr Mlnnehaha.
for New York, and passed Prawle Point 15th.
LIVERPOOL — Balled Nov 15— Stmr Canada,
for Halifax, N 6, and Portland. Me: itmr
Sicilian, from Glasgow, for St Johns. Halifax
and Philadelphia.
Arrived Nov 15— Stror Etrurla, from New
York;- stmr Mayflower, from Boaton.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 15 — Stmr Lu
cania, from Liverpool, for New York.
Arrfved Nov 13 — Stmr Ivernia, from Boston,
for Liverpool, and proceeded.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr Centra
lla, hence Nov 12.
Sailed Nov 15 — Schr Cecilia Sudden, for San
FVanclsco.
ASTOttlA— Sailed Nov 15 — Aus stmr Kobe,
for China; Br *tmr Alcoa, for Tacoma; stmr
Ros'crans, for San Francisco; schr Joseph
Ru.-s, for Esn Francisco; Fr bark Grande
Duchess Olga. for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 13 — Br stmr Ascot, from Van
couver; schr Irene, from Redondo; schr Com
peer, hence Oct 31.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Northwest, for San Pedro: schr Expansion,
for San Pedro; stmr Arlzonian. for San Fran
cisco.
Passed in Nov 15 — Bktn Skaeit. hence Nor
5, for Port Gamble; stmr James Dollar, benc«
Nov 12, for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed In Nov 15—
Bark James Nesmlth. from Honolulu.
Passed out Nov 15 — Stmr Rainier, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAT — Arrived Nov 13 — Stmr Navarro.
from Astoria. 14 — Stmr Alliance, from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 15 — Stmr Alliance, for Astoria.
The United States cruiser Minne
apolis left League Island for Hampton
Roads November 4. It is five years
since the chip was laid up, during
meager and contradictory data found
in the reports of the Bureau of Con
struction and that of Steam Engineer
ing, The bureau first named gives the
displacement at 12.370 tons; horse
power. 15.5*0; speed, 18 knots. The Bu
reau of Steam Engineering gives the
displacement at 12,500 tons; horsepower.
35 640 B; speed. 18 knots. The discrep
ancies, while slight, leave In doubt
which of the figures are correct, and
as to the weight of machinery, there is
the choice between those of Assistant
Naval Constructor Powell of 1451 tons
and those of the Bureau of Steam En
gineering, which are 1599.03 tons.
MINNEAPOLIS TO CRUISE.
which papers information has of late
rears been piven in preference to those
in our country. Until such a time per
sons interested in the navy of the
United States must be content with the
lime the trial data may be found in
pome of the British publications, to
The official speed trial of the battle
ship Maine took place August 23, 1902,
but up to the present time only meager
details have been published. It has
been the practice hitherto of the Bureau
of Steam Engineering to give in tabu
lated form the principal data of each
new vessel added to the navy, but the
recent report of the Engineer in Chief
f nils to give any such information about
•he Maine and the torpedo craft. It is
, nssible, however, that in the course of
bers. In July. 1902, there were
43 men available for duty, namelj', 20
naval constructors end 23 assistant con
structors, of which latter three were
still at school. At the present time there
are 20 naval constructors and 27 assist
ants. As twelve of the latter are at
tending school, two of whom will not be
graduated until 1S04 and the other ten
In 1S05. the available number is only-
Co, a reduction of eight in the course of
sixteen months. The law of Congress
providing for an increase to seventy
five In the constructors' corps within
the next six years appears to be inoper
ative, as th° demand for regular line
officers for the navy is so urgent as to
make - any apportionment from the
graduates at Annapolis to the construc
tion corps impossible during three or
four years. The twelve young men de
signated as assistant naval constructors
will not be of much value to the service
for several years, as they have no prac
tical experience, and it Is not unlikely
that the Navy Department may find
itsejf compelled to adopt the recom
mendation cf Chief Constructor Hich
born. who suggested that graduates
from technological schools be admitted
to the constructors' corps. It is a case of
Hobson's choice, with the probability
of selection from civil life instead of
from the Naval Academy. The educa
tion of the latter institution is not in
dispensable to a designer and inspector
cf shlr>s.
THE United States Naval Con
structors' corps Is diminishing
instead of increasing in num-
The work of building a dockyard and
commercial harbor at Gibraltar is
making good progress, and will prob
ably be completed by 1909. One of the
three drvdocks will be ready for use
within a year. The several moves are
well advanced and already offer shelter
to shipping, as the entire Mediterranean
squadron recently found sufficient space
in the harbor and alongside the moles.
The plan was evolved in 1895, involving
an expenditure of $7,175,000, but subse
quent revisions have increased the esti
mates to approximately $30,000,000, of
which the colony of Gibraltar is to pay
about $2,000,000 for the commercial mole
and harbor.
* The pay of ofHcers of the line and
engineers in the German navy differs
greatly In the several grades holding
the same relative rank. Thus, a cap
tain lieutenant receives $840, while the
engineer of the same rank gets $1140, a
corvette captain's salary is $1230, and
the ranking engineer's $1320. It is to
be noted, however, that there is quite
a difference In the ages at which line
The increase of the enlisted force in
the navy from 11,500 in 1S93 to nearly
35,000 at the present time has necessi
tated making corresponding provision
for the retention of offenders against
the military laws. The naval prison at
Boston accommodates about 150; the
prison-ship Southerly, at Portsmouth,
X. H.. 150, and the prison at Mare Is
land has been extended to a capacity
for 52. In the Philippines prisoners are
confined at Cavite. Real criminals are
sent to Wethersfleld, Conn., or to San
Quentin, according to whether the
crimes have been committed on the At
lantic or Pacific Coast.
The old ironclad Audacious has been
fitted to serve as a base for destroyers,
and is to be stationed at Fellxtowe. The
cost amounted to $300,000, a sum which
may be designated as a clear waste of
money, instances of which are quite
frequent in the British navy.
DOCKYARD AT GIBRALTAR.
A naval prison is to be built at Ports
mouth, N. H., at an estimated cost of
$152,498 29. The administration building
is to be 76 feet square and 126 feet in
height. Two wings 263 feet in length
and r>2 feet wide contain 640 cells, di
vided into four tiers In two rows. Each
cell is 5 feet 8 inches wide, 11 feet long
and 8 feet in heicrht, and are provided
with a wash basin and a steel swinging
bunk at the side. On the basement floor
are the sick ward, shower bath (accom
modating SO men at one time), laundry,
kitchen and storerooms. The entire
building is to be of steel and concrete
construction, thus insuring the best
sanitary conditions, and making escape
of prisoners practically impossible.
which period It has served as a re
ceiving shin. The Minneapolis is to
make a training cruise along the coast
with upward of 400 men for the ma
chinery department, including firemen,
oilers, coal passers, etc. As the ship is
fitted with the old style Scotch boilers,
the experience gained by the firemen
will be of little use in future manipu
lation of the modern water-tube boilers,
which are exclusively used in the bat
tle-ships and armored cruisers under
construction.
WORK ON NEW "WARSHIPS.
Following is the status of progress on
vessels now building for the United
States navy:
The Swedish- marine budget for the
next meeting of the Riksdag provides
for an armored cruiser of the Fylgla
type, 4600 tons and twenty-one and one
half knots speed, to cost $1,750,000; two
torpedo cruisers at a cost of $500,000,
and nine torpedo boats of the first and
second class. By 1906 Sweden will have
fifty torpedo boats of all classes, and
in the future no boats are to be built
abroad, the last one being th» Mode, a
destroyer of 400 tons, built by Yarrow
In 1902, which made the phenomenal
speed of 32.4 knots on her trial, but
which, after Its delivery in Sweden,
barely exceeded twenty-eight knots,
when fully equipped for service.
The Swedish balloonship— the first of
Its kind— has been experimented with
for two months with satisfactory re
sults and two more are to be added as
useful adjuncts to the coast defense
service. The balloon is carried in a
specially constructed barge towed by a
steamer and sent up in the locality de
sired for observations over land and
sea. The longest time of ascension dur
ing the trials was eight hours, remain
ing at a heieht of over one mile. It
has been demonstrated that an Inter
change of crews is necessary and It is
also likely that the towing steamer may
be dispensed with and the barge will be
fitted with the requisite means of loco
motion.
General Ordonez, a distinguished
Spanish ordnance expert, has designed
a gun sending a shell weighing 560
pounds a distance of eight miles and
capable of penetrating eighteen inches
of modern armor at a distance of 3500
feet.
and engineer officers reach their re
spective promotions, for while the cap
tain lieutenant and the corvette captain
attain their ranks at- thirty and thir
ty-five years respectively the engineers
of corresponding rank are 42 and DO
years old.
The Germania yard at Kiel has built
a submarine boat from the plans of its
inventor, a Spanish engineer, and pur
chased the invention outright after its
first trial trips. The boat is propelled
by electricity and during its maneuvers
in Eckernfoerde Bay remained sub
merged for two hours. An ingenious
method enables it to maintain its posi
tion after firing its torpedo and It' is
as easily managed as a vessel floating
on the water.
Fourteen useless vessels have been
removed from the Italian navy list and
are to be sold or broken up. Among
these are the torpedo cruiser Ccnnenza,
built in 1887, intended to have a speed
of twenty knots, which was never real
ized, ahd the vessel proved an utter
failure. The gunboat Sebastiano Ve
niero, built inlSS4, is likewise con
demned. Two broadside frigates, Anco
na and San Martino, built in 1863, and
the floating battery Terrible, launched
in 1S62, are also on the list, and the
other nine vessels are gunboats which
have<long ago outlived their usefulness
and were only a source of expense for
care and maintenance.
UNITED STATES CRUISER MINNEAPOLIS. WHICH IS TO START ON A TRAINING CRUISE ALONG THE
ATLANTIC COAST WITH FOUR HUNDRED MEN WHO ARE TO BE OILERS, FIREMEN, ETC, IN THE
MACHINERY DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.
Officers of the Fifteenth United
States Cavalry — Colonel \V. . m.
Wallace, Nagasaki; Lieutenant
Colonel Alexander Rodgers. Manila;
Captain James A. Ryan, Manila;
Captain F. K. Kqester. Manila; Captain
Q. G. Barnhanlt. Manila; Captain H. K.
Ilickok. Nagasaki; Captain K. W. Walk
er. Manila; Captain L. R. Eltinge, Ma
nila: First Lieutenant W. D. Forsyth,
Manila; First Lieutenant Samuel Van
Leer, Manila; First Lieutenant J. O
Ross, Manila; First Lieutenant C. EL
McCullough, Manila; First Lieutenant
G. O. Duncan, Manila; First Lieutenant
F. II. Cameron, Manila; First Lieutenant
R. B. Going, Manila: First Lieutenant
PhiHp Mowry, Manila; Second Lieuten
ant C. C. Culver, Manila: Second Lieu
tenant "\\\ P. Mangum. Manila; Second
Lieutenant A. J. Lynch, Manila; Second
Lieutenant E. E. Ely, Manila; Second
Lieutenant \V. C. Gardenhire. Manila;
Second Lieutenant W. S. Barrlger, Ma
nila: Second Lieutenant I. S. Martin, Ma
nila; Second Lieutenant W. W. Overton,
Manila; Second Lieutenant M. G. Holli
day, Manila: Second Lieutenant V. Fos
ter, Manila; Second Lieutenant F. C.
Ruggles. Ninth Cavalry with Fifteenth
Cavalry; Veterinarian W. R. Grutzman,
Fifteenth Cavalry.
Officer? not with organizations — Lieu
tenant" Colonel G. \V. Adair,- medical de
partment. Nagasaki; Major R. R. Stev
ens, quartermaster U. S. A., Manila; Cap
tain G. U. Patten. Fourteenth Infantry,
Manila; Captain K. O. C. Ord, Twenty
seventh Infantry, Manila; Captain A. C.
Merillat, retired, Manila; Captain E. M.
Suplee. Manila; Captain G. "Wi Ruthers,
subsistence department, Manila; Captain
L. F. -Garrard, 'quartermaster U. S. A.,
Manila; Captain Wm. Weigel, quarter
master U. S. A.. Manila: Captain W. H.
Sage, Second Infantry, Nagasaki; Cap
tain II. A. Webber, medical department,
Nagasaki; Second Lieutenant Will D.
Wills, Twenty-eighth Infantry. Manila;
Contract Surgeon E. W. Patterson. Ma
nila; Contract Surgeon E. T. Gibson,
Nagasaki; First Lieutenant J, Holt man,
Philippine scouts, Manila. j
Chilian cabin passengers: Manila to
San Francisco — Mrs. J. G. Harbord, wife
captain Eleventh Cavalry; Mrs. E. M.
Suplee. wife captain Fourteenth Cavalry;
Mrs. II. L. Kinnison and child, age four
years, family captain Twenty-ninth In
fantry; Mrs. H. II. Culver, sister-in-law
Lieutenant Fifteenth Cavalry; Mrs. P.
Mowry. wife lieutenant Fifteenth Cav
alry: Mrs. G. O. Duncan and infant,
family lieutenant Fifteenth Cavalry;
Mrs. Yeager and son. age four years,
maid of Lieutenant Duncan; Mrs. K. W.
Walker and child, age 3 years, family
captain Fifteenth Cavalry; Miss Lizzie
Powers, maid of Captain Walker; Mrs.
L. F. Garrard and Infant, family captain
quartermaster U. S. A.; Miss Alice
Crasrg, nurse Captain Garrard; Mrs D.
M. Hyde, sister employee quartermaster
department; Mrs. H. B. Jones, wife post
commissary sergeant; Paul Dove, employe
ordnance department; H. H. Kline, em
ploye quartermaster department; C. A.
Wardwell, engineer quartermaster de
partment; J. H. Kerric, clerk navy de
partment; D. A. Teller, clerk navy de
partment: John P. Kinnard. employe
civil government; O. F. Rickard. em
ploye civil government; W. H. Fergus
son, employe civil government; Miss
Frances Leslie, sister employe civil
government; T. Schumann, flrst-class
sergeant hospital corps; Nicholas Smith,
ex-employee quartermaster department.
From Nagasaki — Mrs. W. M. Wallace,
wife colonel Fifteenth Cavalry; Mrs. W.
H. Sage and Master Sage, age 12 years,
family captain Second Infantry: Mrs. H.
R. Hickok. wife captain Fifteenth Cav
alry; Mrs. E. TV Gibson, wife contract
•surgeon: C. Bentlnger, clerk quarter
master department.
Quartermaster J. de L. Lafltte said
that the day after they left Nagasaki
four Japanese were found covered up
by coal in the bins. They worked their
passage over and as the transport en
tered the harbor were placed in the brig
and will be deported when the trans
port returns, which will be about the
first of December.
Captain Lafltte said that not a .single
death had occurred upon the round
trip, which is a record that no other
transport in the service can boast of.
Following were the passengers:
The United States transport Logan
arrived early yesterday morning from
Manila. She brings the Fifteenth Uni
ted States Cavalry, thirty civilian pas
sengers, 1 thirty casuals, two insane and
four stowaways. The passage over
was entirely uneventful. The weather
was fine during the entire trip. The
Logan sailed from Manila on October
15, from Nagasaki on the 20th and from
Honolulu on November 7, making the
trip in thirty days.
The Fifteenth Cavalry was organized
at the Presidio in February, 1901. Five
troops went to Manila soon after, the
organization, and the remaining seven
went in January. 1901, in command of
their organizer, Colonel W. M. Wallace,
who has been with them during their
campaign in the Philippines.
They return In line health and spirits,
and will remain in camp at the Presidio
until Thursday, when half of the com
mand will ro to Fort Meyer, Va., and
the others to Fort Ethan Allen, Ver
mont. There are 6L>3 enlisted men.
Bark Oregon Sails for the
North to Be Used as a
Coal Hulk.
Logan Brings Fifteenth
Cavalry Prom the
Philippines.
TROOPERS HOME
FROM FAR EAST
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
Rear Admiral Hichborn's Suggestion of Recruiting the Force by
Appointments of Graduates From the Various Schools of Tech
nology in This Country May Have to Be Adopted by Department
CONSTRUCTORS' CORPS IN UNCLE SAM'S
NAVY SLOWLY DIMINISHING IN NUMBERS
TO ARiriVE.
9
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THANKSGIVING OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE . BUBGLAB.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
of in the
. ,' WITH — — — —
llwkl Famous '\\
• . __ -
l&llilcljr $ Setter
"AT WflSK"
. " . JT% A ¥? IV £2.
"AT WORK"
*|*HIS is one of three famous sporting pictures to be GIVEN
4 AWAY FREE to all readers of The Sunday Call. Watch for
"ODDSIDES/' "POINTER" and "THE SPORTMEN'S TROPHY."
Subscribe for liTe Call
Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper
• ¦ ' I
If you cannot secure The Call on trains, please inform us, as The Call is
for sale on all trains.THE SAN FBANC^SCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
10
And thinks he can the winners spot.
He's like most others of his class
And dally proves himself an ass.
The folks who run the pony game
Don't work for health, nor eke for fame.
And if our friend stays long enough .-' •
He'll parted be from all his stuff.
But should you a good horse deslrej
That's fleet of foot and full- of fire.
Just write a Want Ad for The Call—
You'll get him, there's no doubt at all.
This sporty youth knows what is what
PACIAIi MASSAGE.
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curlng parlors. 764 Larkln gt: phon* Polk 17.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
OFFICE FEE $1 — ANY POSITION.
OI'TICE FEE fl— ANY POSITION.
OFFICE FEE $1— ANY POSITION.
Money Returned at Once If Not Engaged.
First-class positions vacant in leading
homes for well-recommended cooks, cham-
bermaids, general nurses, etc. The Domes-
tic Club. No. 2.'« Geary st, of flee 36. MRS.
M. M. THOMPSON. Manager.
Opp. City of Paris Dry-Goods Store.
A Y0UXO lady for candy store; experience
necessary: $7 a week. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETTS. 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
COOK for restaurant: $12 a week; no Sunday
work. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, near
Powell. ¦¦- ¦'-'--¦:'
A COOK and second girl for 6 in family. In
city, $30 and $23; a chambermaid who can
sew some, for private family in city, $25; a
waitress and parlormaid for small family.
$30: a nurse for 2 children. $35. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at., near Powell.
A WAITRESS, also a chambermaid, for same
Institution; short distance out of city; $20
each. Apply MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
St., near Powell.
A — HOUSE Klrl, $30; second girl, $25; two
cooks, $35 each: nurse Invalid, $20; nurae
alrl. $25: chambermaid. $15; waitress. Sa-
llnas. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and choreman for min-
ers' boarding-house; $60; fare paid. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc: trade taugTit from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
• teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st, room 13.
A — Girls to'learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from Btart to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st, cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32% FREMONT ST. AND IS7_
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
IMPROVERS and apprentice to learn fine
dressmaking: good pay. J. MONAHAN, 411
Mason st.
WANTED — Young ladies for the comic opera
chorus and ballet Apply at Tlvoli Opera-
house between 2 and 3 p. m.
WAIST and eklrt hands wanted; also Improv-
ers. 1407 Laguna st.
A SOBER woman wanted for general house-
work; family 3 adults. 1541 Stelner st.
A GIRL to take care of 2 children and assist
In upstairs work. 1458 Page st.
GIRL to assist light housework; sleep home.
840 Hayes st. ¦
GIRL for general- housework: 3 In family;
wages. $15. Call before noon, 31 Guerrero st.
GOOD restaurant waitress. 7 Taylor st. ; wages
$S a week: one day off.
WAITRESS wanted. 515 Valencia st.
SWEDISH girl: light housework: good plain
cook; wages $25. 000 Devisadero st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
BUTTONHOLE makers and finisher* on custom
coats. 27 Vi Fourth st., room 3.
WOMAN of mature years to take, charge of
business branch. Box 2971. Call.
WANTED-- Finishers on men's whlta shirts.
ROGERSON'S, ' 535 Valencia st '• -^:
PRESSERS at Murray Dyeing and Cleaning
Works, Eighth and Howard, sts.
GIHL for light general housework and assist
with children: no cooking. 1724 Sutter st.
ELDERLY German Catholic lady as cook and
housework; $6 per week. 1071 Market st
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
.FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mis*
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. " Cor. Leidesdorff st.
COAL MINERS— OREGON. FREE FARE.
$1 ton. ¦ ¦ Oregon.
COAL MINERS. ' NEW MEXICO.
U. S. Senator Clark'. R. R. UTAH.
100 laborers. Salt Lake City.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO-— HALF FARE.
CO teamsters and laborers, $2 25 to $2 60.
6 tunnelmen, half fare, $60 fd.
Bedmaker, %•. Co.'s B. H., half fare, $30
fd. : painters, inside work, city, $2 50 day;
cook, camD, $40 fd.; cook, city, $30 fd.:
blacksmith, dairy ranch, south, $35 f .1. ; 2
waiters, city; choreman, near city; 3 farm-
ers; 0 laborers: 50 men chop wood, cut ties
and shingle bolts, all over State : married
man lease or run Al ranch on shares, boss
here. ¦ '
AT "E. & B." R..R. Labor Agency,
63S Commercial st
¦ Free Fare — Free Fare.
80 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day.
CO muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 CO a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY,
638 Commercial st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
' married men, between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
" write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Ofticer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
Ing. Sacramento. Cal. ¦ -
WHY pay big price* to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission St.
bet. : 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st?
GERMAN: steady: references: tend bar; wln«
business; useful; married preferred; call
afternoon. .15 City ¦ Hall square. •: , ¦ ¦
STRONG boy, at Hermann Safe Co.,' Iron de-
, ¦ partment. 307 • Battery , st.
WANTED— Bootblack. Si Montgomery - at.
EDPCATIOXAL-~C_ojgJ^n^g^,^
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.
8th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 1861. \an
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
st, S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
PHYSICAL culture class for gents only; $5
month. Box 2960, Call.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
, ave. ; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION...... Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 421 Pine st....Mgnt c.ass.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOV3IEXT OFFICES^
G^O^G^AOKl7~42inPost st ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, e.c.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emo. O r fl ce - 4 . 15
- Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel, Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT 1VAXTED FEMALE.
A POSITION as stenographer by a young lady
having diversified experience in the line.
Address Berkeley Realty Co., 2147 Center
st, Berkeley.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework In small
family: wages $25. Address 25A Silver st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
EMPLOYMEXT \yAXTEp—-MALE.
CANDY-MAKER wishes steady position; un-
derstands business thoroughly; decoration
and fine French candies a specialty. Box
3444. Call office. •
SITUATION wanted, care of horses, garden, be
useful; San Francisco references; $20 per
month. Address box 2975. Call office.
EXPERIENCED dry goods domestic salesman,
also first-class stockkeeper; special in cur-
tains, blankets, linens and all housekeeping
dry goods; excellent references. Box 5442,
Call office.
STRICTLY temperate honest retired sea cap-
tain desires suitable employment, such as
ehlpkeeper, wharfinger or In command of
yacht or steam launch, etcr* Address R. F..
postofflee box 2163. San Francieco. Cal.
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance, 7
years of experience, is desirous of accepting
position as traveling salesman with mercan-
tile house. Box 2020, Call.
SITUATION wanted by Eastern cook, wife as
second cook or waitress; good country hotel
or resort; best of references. J. RAYBORN.
12 Cleveland st.
SOBER, industrious, middle-aged single man
wants -situation; small wages; familiar with
general merchandise or plain waiter. Box
2958. Ca-11 office. •
Al DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced in both
mechanical and structural draughting and
design, desires permanent position. Address
• box 2957. Call office.-.
STRONG, willing young man with , reference
would like position in wholesale cr retail
house. Box 2066. Call.
A BARBER wants steady job. Please address
. THEODORE WUESTEMAN, care Charles
Tamra, 369 Bartlett St.. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cock wants
situation In hotel; wages not less than $75
per month.
WANTED— Work by elderly first-class car-
penter, day or contract; city or country; best
references. Box 2974, Call office.
STEADY man wishes place as coachman and
gardener; city or country; can milk; good
references. Box 2057, Call.
JANITOR work, carpets beaten and relald,
stoves polished and fixed, wood cutting and
splitting by the hour or day. Box 2059, Call.
A YOUNG man; married; good education; no
objection to leave city; Al references. Box
2001. Call office.
COMPETENT mechanic (stranger) wishes car-
ptnter work; store, factory or small Jobs.
Box 2973. Call office.
POSITION wanted as collector, salesman or
assistant bookkeeper by experienced and en--
ergetlc man; city references. Box 3437, Call.
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, desires' situation. Address Pro-
fessional Photographer, box 3431. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman desires j<osltlon;
aged 25. Address box 2972. Call.
MAN wants situation as porter or utility man
about hotel. Address Porter, 614 Kearny st
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place; pri-
vate family. Address 921 Dupont st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offl£e for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
, Valencia st. ___________
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st, on th« square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting; department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLINO FURNITURE
. COMPANY. 1039 Market st.: services abso-
lutely free. • " . '
A BEAUTIFUL sunny flat of 10 rooms (two,
floors), bath and laundry; desirable location.
719 Hyde. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.
3 LARGE rooms to let at 665 Hampshire st.;
$13; no children. -: '
ELLIS, 824 and 826 — Sunny 3 and 5 room flats;
elegant appointments; $35; for physicians, etc.
POST, 2634— Elegant, new, sunny, upper flat.
7 rooms and bath; $30.
FLATS TO LET— FURNlSnED.
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping;
gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $23.
332 Hayes st. -
- F . URK1TUIlE - "WANTED. _
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463,
_^ buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture,- carpet*. .
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H,
BUM). auctioneer.lSIS ilktrt el. Howard 2709k.
HELP WASTED- — MALE Contlnned.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay *„
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll giv*
45,000 mea work. 60.000 men work.
ARIZONA,
ARIZONA,
OREGON. * NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa F* systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard "hands. $30. $35, $40, found;
milkers, $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country jobs. $30 to $C0.
3C5 woodchoppera.
237 tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country. $23 to $45
and found; butchers, different jobs, $40 to $9u
and found.' ¦
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, many in San Fran-
cisco, $2, $2 25.
MURRAY & READY. KH-636 Clay St.
COAL. OREGON. FREE FARE^
Miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
OLD MEXICO. FREE FAIUi.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wages.
MURRAY & READY. C34-63B Clay St.
COUNTRY HOTELS.
Man and wife, man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid, $50 and found.
2 coatmakers; 16 coopers; track foreman.
Mr. Appleton, carpenter, please report.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MIDDLE-AGED man, grocery clerk, country.
$30 and found; short-order cook, country, $12
. week and found, south; carpenter. Jobbing-
work, $3 to $3 50 day: milker, $35; 12 cab- i
lnet makers, country, $3 to $3 50 day; gang
fdgerman. lumber company, $65 and found;
plasterer/ $5 day, free fare both ways.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
COOK and wife for mine;' good Job; $70 and fd.
' !¦¦ MURRAY -; READY. G34-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN' & CO.'S Emp. Office
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Shipping Day To-Day for Nevada,
100 laborers, Fenelon. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Bcowawe. Nevada $-
. Board $4.50 week Ship to-day
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
Second butler, private family, city $33
Bridge carpenters $3 50
Polisher, country. $60; tamale maker, coun-
try, good wages; palters, bell, elevator boys,
pot. dishwashers, porters, cooks, $15-$60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st
CHOREMAN and wife to cock for miners,
$C0 and found: fruit farmer and wife, $45
and found; farmers, *25 and found: harne3s-
maker, $2 to ?2 50 day; oysterman. $40 and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
028 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam. bldg.. 5 deprs from Market
GOOD barber wanted: steady. 20S Third st.
near Hov.-ard.
MAN wanted to work around hotel. Southwest
corner Bay and Webster sts.
WANTED — A first-class bootblack. 7 Stockton
St.; barber shop.
GOOD dishwasher. Capital Restaurant, 206
McAllister st, above Hyde.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 Commercial st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express cr mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
EnglUh; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. CaL, and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
BRIGHT, clever younir man. IS to 21, for as-
sistant bookkeeper; must be Industrious, of
good appearance and habits, quick and accu-
rate: prefer some one who is now employed:
good chance for promotion. Apply in own
handwriting. Confidential, box 2051. Call.
WANTED — Active advertising and insurance
FOllcttoi-s on new proposition: sells on Its own
merit: exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m.,
suite 1». Columbian bide.. 916 Market st.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to IS years: height,
5 feet 4 inches and over, to join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia st. any
evening between C and 8 o'clock.
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to
go to Stockton: one capable of managing-
department; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 3440.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability who wish to earn $40 per week or
more; call 1 to 5 or write 5C1 Parrott build-
ing. DODD. MEAD & CO., San Francisco.
MAN of good standing and wide acquaintance
can secure a good position with an Eastern
company: must have connections and be a
good solicitor. P. O. box 2694.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
mailed free. MOLEIi System College, 633
Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third Et. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
BOY between 15 and 19 who wishes to learn
¦ good business downtown: state age and sal-
ary expected. Box 2063, Call.
DRIVER solicitor for dyeing and cleaning at
MURRAY'S Dyeing and Cleaning Works,
Eighth snd Howard st3. *
STRONG school boy to carry morning- paper;
south Market st; no Sunday work. Room S,
150S Market st.
BARBER shop: a snap: sunny living rooms;
rent $15; owner quitting business. 1541
Geary st. • * |
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO.. fr'.O Market st.
BRUSHMAKERS wanted; also boy. 1603 Mis-
glon St.. near Twelfth.
WANTED — Coatmaker for the city; steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; must eell at once;
three living rooms; bargain. 1316 Laguna.
$30— PAYING barber shop; rent $7. paid to
Nov. 2S. Apply 304 Predta ave., nr Folsom.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647^ Commercial st. ..;, ,.- ¦:
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741 A How.rd st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Buills. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Ceo. II. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. , '
ALL sices men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sta. .
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 25a
to MV\ BR3 Mission nt.. b<»t. 1st and 2d nts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
LIVE active young stableman desires to sell
half interest in one of the largest and best
paying brick livery stables; extra long lease;
at moderate rent; select location; splendid op-
portunity: principals only. SCOTT & MAG-
NER. 615 Sixth st.
A LOT of cheap horses, wagons, carts, bug-
gies and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
ets.; closing out. 1140 Folsom st
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BEOS. CO.. inc.. the big: etore.
1145-1147 Market st, San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 0 good horses.
327 Sixth at. '
Al EXPRESS wagon; light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. *ur-
rey.harness.work.dfivlng horses,. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UUBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
*
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage ol
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Gear;
St.. on the square.
HOUSE. 1305 Waller st; 9 rooms, bath and
bllllard-room; modern: rent $50.
3 ROOMS and yard. 517 Clipper st neai
• Twenty-fourth and Castro.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 23 Post at
LOST AXD FO15D. — 4
SATURDAY evening, between Powell and Ma-
son sts. or at Techau Tavern, an umbrella,
gold and porcelain handle. Initials L. M. B.
and miniature head on handle. Finder will '
receive reward for the return of same to 020
Kay ward, bull ding.
LOST — At football grounds or between there.
and the Junction of Market and Taytor st3..
a gentleman's purs?, containing money and
large diamond ring; also one diamond shirt
stud. Return to 329 Sansome st. and receiv*
liberal reward.
LOST— Gentleman's black purse contalnins
considerable gold coin- Finder win receive
a liberal reward by returning same to box
297B. Call office.
BLACK pearl: lost the Oth Inst.: $100 reward
if returned to A. SCHILLING & CO.
LOST— Off Baden Point. Sunday night, new red
duck boat. 12 feet long. 4-foot beam. Finder
notify Anderson's Shipyard. Hunters Point;
reward.
LOST— Between Oakland track and city, lady's
gold watch: monogramed A. R-: liberal re-
ward. 411 Larkin st. ; phone' Hyde 2619.
LOST— Brown and white collie dog; lone head.
short hair; license on hind leg; $3 .reward.
. _ "29 FUlmore St.; phone Fell 5561.
LOST — A Masonic emblem and mounted shark's
tooth. Return to Park View Hotel and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— A pair of pearl opera glasses driving
from Presidio to park. Finder return to ICOtf
Stockton st. : receive reward.
LOST — Saturday evnlner. on Markat St.. smail
roll of plans. I'lease return to SOO Paga
St.; reward.
LOST — A gold locket with monogram F. W.
W. ; valuable as keepsake. Return to 1013
Market st.. hat store, and receive reward.
LOST — Gold watch fob. Return to 14 San-
some St.. room 40: liberal re-yard.
LOST — Wednesday, Kn:_ht Templar Jew?.
(watch charm); suitable reward. 210 Cal. st. •
IT will pay to "F.emember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 gutter st.. nseds old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MILLIXEIIY.
LADIES — 20O stylish hats to select from; leasa
sold, must vacate February 1. 10O4: sav*
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLAXEOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR P.OOF LEAK? ~ ~~~*
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to !ay;
needs no painting or coating; good over olj
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t
FOR sale — New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras;
gocd business: only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. B.. box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. e\c. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'Cil'Y Co.. 130-K12 Bea!« st.
DOGS — Show your dog at the great combina-
tion show. Mechanics' Pavilion, December 2
to 5: send for premium list. N. J. STUART.
Polhemus st.. San Jose.
CATS — Don't fall to show your cat at tha great
show. Mechanics' Pavilion. December 3 to
6; premium lists ! now reaJy. MRS. N.
STUART. 3.'t Market St.. secretary.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2S8 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near .
Pine; ppen till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. r*
A — BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc.. WHITEI-AW. 233-255 Spear st.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, frcnt
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 151 Fremont _____ San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
eent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form- shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
IMPROVED Singer sewlns machln* for saia
cheap. 28 Seventh st. room 0.
FOR sale — Steam boiler. 42x12. Pioneer Tal-
low Works, Seventeenth and Carolina st*.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth at.
3 6 AND 10 bp. gasoline engines; 2d-haad; all
*Ues; new. E. B. BECK & CO., 123 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard _ Breck. 131 Post st
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
QENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film, and song slides. 100
Montgomery st
SAFES— Ne— and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks.
metal beds.mattresse«.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLAXEOCS WAXTS.
WANTED — For "Uncle Tom's Cabin" show,
four large dogs. Danes or mastiffs; also don-
key. Apply Central Theater.
PAINTING, tinting, papering and wall paper
cleaning: work done at right price*. M. II.
MORRIS. 1214 Geary st; phone 2159.
WANTED — Burslar-prcof safe. LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
I WILL give 3c each for "Call pictures.'*
JONES. 1514 Park st. Alameda,
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good «econd-hand clothing 1 and!
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jesaja 2S51.
A BIO price, paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 434.
. 3IOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner buUdlns.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Ne*d Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos wl—out
removal; to permanent salaried people ca
their note without security or know!ed_9 of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 6S and S3 DonoUa*
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur M
nlture. pianos or to salaried P* 0 ? 1 * n .-A5f,!_
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLa^ois
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. t?l. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, i™* 1 ™- a '
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4«
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
•ecurtty: easy payments; la— f« business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — X per cent on furniture or Pian»j «° remov.
aWTcommlssion. no publ!city:$23 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M JACOBSEN & CO.. room 62LE— ma Spreck-
els building loans money on real estate and
ai* other securities: confidential; lew rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. ICC Grant av»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
ICOSCEX to loan on low interestr-srold. silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stcne9 bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; en furni-
ture: Indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furnitur*
than any other place in city; no comnr.issioa.
612 Parrott building; phone South C3.V
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPBN Credit Ass*n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially ; new.slmple plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle b!dj.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal
V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy at. floor 4.
1 PEIt cent on furniture or piano. IOCS Mu-,
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st
ALL loans on diamonds and Je~elry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on note* without
ladorser. 2IOP.ELL, eOd Examiner tide
THE^CALL
J0H3T P. SP— SCKEI.S, Proprietor.
Kfiress cc__._i— _es to I0_ KcSAOGHT, Kaiazer
TELEPHONE.
AeV for THE CALL. The Operator Win Con-
nect You Witu t_e Department You Wish.
Publication Offlc* Market and Third, S. B".
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevensoa ¦*
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Per Week. T»
Cls Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage (Cash With
Order): '
PAILT CALL (lnclud. Suntfay). 1 year.. $S. 09
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 0 tno».. 4.0ft
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75c
BUND AT CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1.00
nnrrr nr f Daily. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
ro*~GN } sundav.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE- I weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARB AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Barn pi* Copies wi'.l be forwarded when r*-
cuested.
Mail ¦ubeerlbers in orderinr chan_» ©fad-
firess rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In orCer to Inrarf a
prompt and correct compliance- with tueirire-
quest
OAKLAND OFTTCB: _
1118 Broadway .'. Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE: „__. _
2145 Center Street Telephon* Nortn 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE..-. 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflcrf - Astoria Hotel: A- B ** n J^f • _
rmon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Ncrthem Hotel: Tremont House; Aufiltorfum
Kotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGN13SS...Marquette Bund*..
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2«19. \
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
BTEPHEN B. SMITH. . . .30 Tribune Buildlns;.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Sqnar* .
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner JIarkPt and Third streets: open
u*uil 12 o'clock «-verr nUrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open nn-
100 Hayes street: open until 8:30 p m.
G'tf McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
8U Larkln Rtrwt; oj>en until »:30 p. m.
r.Ul Mirs'on street: open until 10 p. m.
_C1 M*Aet street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
10fi Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1W6 Valencia Ftm-t; open wntilft p. m.
Northpaet corner Church and Duncan streets,
vgESSZEZ:* Twenty -second and
Kentucky struts: open until » p. m.
22O0 Firmore Flrcel: ol<on until » P. m. _
~ MEETING XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA c ~ n ? an<J !I^ T a Xo V. VK^:
T —Special assembly THIS E\ EN- mj
ING st 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple. Kj|
All frater* courteously invited.
THOMAS H BROWNE. Commander.
T. L- HENDERSON. Recorder.
APYLVM of Golden Gate Commandery M
No 16. K. T. C25 SutWr *t— Stated W
H«emb!v THIS • EVENING, at 8 JC3
oVlo?k OrLrofTemrle • All f rater.
are court»-ously Invited. By order ol
the Commander.^ FROLJCIIi Recorf er.^
Bu.^ and <%™.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. O
M— THIS (SIOXDAT) EVENING, at "VV
7-30 o'clock. Third d^rree. Master f>T\
Sec
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. fi^
and A. M-. 1S33 Fillmora st.— becond TLjf
degree TI17S CMONDAY) EVENING, /? A
at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, >_w^
A. A. M. and P. of S. V., i H_P" ' iTjJLi'J——
will hold their regular meet- \ ____¦^JSsjS**^^
ing TO-NIGHT. at 8 ,7|J>»""
o'clock. Pythian Cattle. IT
t»00 Market et. All members of the asso-
' elation are invited to be present. Worthy
Grand Captain J. C. EILVA will address the
meeting. D. 6. AMES, Captain.
R. N. PIPPY. Caat. Clerk.
WOODMEN of the World— rf ¦ — "fl
a:; neighbors of the t'an - ...yt
Francisco camps. to- fr^*vZP£rVJjiLJ\
gether with sojoumlrg t^^TC^-jEtj^^j
neighbors, are notifl*-d to VH^^*^^"™*^"^
be present at the recep-
tion tendered to HEAD CONSUL F. A.
FALKENBURG at the Alhambra Theater.
' TUESDAY EVENING. November 17. at 8
o'clock. GENERAL COMMITTEE.
A. G. FRANK. Secretary.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a regular meetinr in
the examination chambers. Civil Service Cora-
_-.i*slon. City Hall. San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY. December 1, 1903. at 10 a. m.
GEO. T. GERE. M. P.. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 324 Pine St.,
Can Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
' 18, 1803, at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
—.suing year and for the transaction of such
t other business as may come before the meet-
ing. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1903. ,
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
In Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee, Butte County. Cal., draining Into
Fprir.g Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 1*6, Flood building. San Francisco.
CaJ.. November 50. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
OLYMPIC Club Bondholders — Holders of bonds
are requested to assemble in the red room
of the Olympic Club on Wednesday evening,
the 25th 1H03 at 8 o'clock.
WILLIAM GREER HARRISON. Pres.
~ ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW. I
™ W. H. BITTNER,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Afivloe free. Phone South 743.
Belt 322. Emma Bpreckels building.
DiTcrots quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all carts of the U. 8.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 65. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
re— eonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and crix_lnal practice.
Tel. John €226. Open evenings by appointment.
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and eave money; no pay la advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yr*.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 6. 1st fl.
1122 Market et, between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate. 811.
B11A, CUB Croesley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission gts.: tel.- John 2928.
R(\ST. W. KING, alty-at-law.Npxamlner bid.,
room €11 ; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment Tel. Red 360L
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
case*; no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THUKSTON. S19 Market st, r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market st, r. 301.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. 'Examiner building, room 315.
Xt. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b^Ig., »27 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
DTVOECE costs $12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $5. 816 Market, r. 62; phone Black 651
ADVICE free; no charge unless raccessful; all
law biisinffg. W. W. Davidnon. 927 Market
CAR PET n E A TI X G_AX D CLE AX I X G.
AIR compressed, dry. See cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
flocr, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main S_37.
VTHEN.ycu become dlpgusted with your work
s*>nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama et; tel. South.40.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleanini? Works, 1603 Har^
rison St.; Al cleaning; Sc; tel. Mission 22Z.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero tt, tel. Mission 49.
A-D~VANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main Sfl4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Pit>ps.
KUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
• reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.: tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
233 Golden Gat* are.; telephone East 126.
LODGrXG HOUSES FOR SALE- — Con.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY. Phone Mint i96. .
1020 Market st. opp. Fflth.
Former patrons by best reference*.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash, balance monthly payments.
CARRIAGE TO SHOW HOUSES.
PARTLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Included;
rent only $28: amazingly low price, $225.
C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
SUPERB apartment-house. 50 room*: modern;
luxuriously furnished; choice location; swell-
?¦t house of the size In the city. Exclusively
with C E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St..
opp Fifth. —I
MODERN 125 rooms: 2 blocks from Market
St.; 10 years' lease; light" sunny and cheerful
rooms; reasonable rent: country transient ;
easy terms; carpets and furniture best qual-
ity; for a good investment see this. C. E.
HIXKLEY. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
SEE this. 14 rooms: rent $55; velvet carpets;
ode furniture; choice location: large yard;
easy terms. See HINKLEY. 1020. Market st
EXQUISITE furnlshines; 185 rooms; grand
apartment-house; low rent; long lease; clears
$700 to $S00; only $5000 cash, balance b per
cent. Only with HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
STEADY roomers: 17 rooms: clears $60; rent
only $45; price $750. HINKLEY. 1020 Mar-
ket st.
MONEY-MAKER; CO rooms: transient: 2 en-
trances; liquor license: i ?•* ¦?? ™»5j* , fu £:
nlture; a gift at $2750. HINKLEY. 1020
Market st. ___________
BARGAIN; 19 rooms: must sell; rent $50;
yours at $550. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st
WORKINGMSN'S house; sunny corner: 18
rooms; clears $50: rent only $3S; price $.50;
easy terms. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market
St.. opp. Fifth. |
PROFITABLE apartment-house; 42 rooms;
lease; reasonable rent; Post St.; price $3000.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market Et.
HAVE you come furniture? 12 rooms; partly
furnished ; sunny corner; rent $40: clears $33;
a pick-up at $600. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market at. opp. Fifth.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE
SEE
HINKLEY. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms, Western Ad-
dition; r»nt $35; cheap, $000; large list of
houses, 0 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st. .
SPIRITUALISM.
BENEFIT seance fcr Mrs. S. B. CooU. by Ed-
ward Earl, to defray funeral expenses; 1052
Ellis et; admission. 25c; Monday, Nov. 16,
at 8 p. m. ;
Returned— Mlsa C. C. Kotter circle every ev*.,
10c • Mon eve. developing circle: sittings dal-
ly; L. S0C.O- $1; card reading 25c. 34 6th,r.l2
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrltlng and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st, nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
_________
PROFEsioR PAUL DESTINE^ ~
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Franc'sco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
vou whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
"or false- tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact, "i will tell you ever}' hope, fear or ambi-
' tlon better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
320 — O'Farrell st. — 328. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly,, gives an
accurate description of the pest, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of Hfe; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel.- Black 45C9.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-R-N-O, (
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2433.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorno saved me serious mis-
takes." says Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mall. $1.
Send month and year of birth.
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; prltate readings dally, 10 a.
in." to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person: :t questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, glftod clalr. & palm,
hae second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble. bU9. and financial success named.
L., 60c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
418 Post at; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A, H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
A — Mine. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names' given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MME. WALTERS, sreat card reader: la. 25c,
gents 60c. 1)51 Mission st., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. eents 60c; readlncs dally. 132 Sixth st
MME MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles. 25c; gents. 50c. 545 Minna st
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 60c.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 50c. 620 Jones st. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-'
¦ tings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 0-10; tel. 6586.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LEAVENWORTH, cor. Lombard — Sunny coiy
cottage; $40; 7 rooms; all conveniences; gar-
den; rent reduced.
$27 50— 6-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House, 2304 Fulton st.
CREDIT C_OT-L— _S. . -. : - ':
C. T. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
¦ We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to .date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Maeon st.
CXTB—3 BUPTTJH— .
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you aufferT
DEXTISTS.
DR. GRUBS, 504-6-0 Callaghan bldg?. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Baeford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. - For demonstration -and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when 'plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50: fillings, 50c;
plates, $5: full ret; all work painters and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.'
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
njrt I p S S M A K E R S AXP SEA MSI 1 R E S S E S
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.HO Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure;eve.class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESSCOLLEGE. _4 POST, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
an>l night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school o
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st
between Pine and California; both adult ant
children's classes are now open for the season
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50;' day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref., President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
¦ sor ; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire*
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg., 414 Mason St.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
CARLOS N. KELLER'S School for Singing
and Piano. 361 Geary st. near. Powell.
PUSIXESS CIIAXCES. -_¦_¦_
R. G. WILKE Re"aT~Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years). 20H Keamy
ct., rooms u and 10.
A S1C00 coffee caloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market st; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given; a splendid offer; investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE, 2C4
Kearny st - •
A— $3500- HOTEL and barroom with SO rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kear-
ny st -
A $S>00; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms: 3 iron bedsteads in each
room; 2% years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
ray $70 per month and saloon doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $400- CIGAR stand, close to Market st;
*tock will invoice the price; daily receipt*
$15; rent $30. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st. _¦
A— CIGAR stand" close to Market and Ellis
ets.; good will: $700 stock at invoice: rar«
chance; best business location. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
stcre on Geary st. ; this etore Is kept by pres-
ent owner 16 years and will stand closest
Investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. -a
A— $S50: EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny ct
A— $4000; ELEGANT anil flrst-cla»» talooD
close to Market et.; net rent $125; •-% years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2«%
Kearny et.
A— $350; CIGAR stand on Third st, close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C50; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease: rent $60: on leading business
street couth of Market; place established
' years. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1800; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front: lease; disagree-
ment of Dartners cause of sal*: will eell
whole for $3400. Call R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et
A — $1250, CORNER saloon on Fourth st, cloee
i to 8. P. freight sheds: 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good iiaytng business. See
It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $W>0; DAIRY Droduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month: living: rooms: value In sight
Call R. O. WILKE. 26X_ Kearny et
A — J2000; SALOON on Kearny st, about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a gocd business; or one part-
ner will sell his Interest for $1000: disagree-
ment cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE; 26%
Kearny st.
A — MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bldg.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking, for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening, in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business opportu-
nity that parses through our office must stand
the closest investigation, and we can place
you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
In fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels Building.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$100 cash and services secures half-Interest in
established installment house: investment se-
cured and $50 weekly assured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
321 Emma Spreckels Building.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaking firm
proposes making one of the largest books on
the California racetracks during the coming
winter. The public is Invited to take stock
in our book. Amounts received In sums of
$25 and upward. Statements and settlements
made weekly. We positively do not take
any chances, as this book will be conducted
etrictly upon a percentage basis the only
system of bookmaklng that is certain of sue-
ce— and has stood the test of years. Can use
subscription of $2000 more. Call or write for
particulars. THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3
and 4. 930 Market ct.
$1400 — OLD established bakery and coffee sa-
loon In Alameda County: all complete. P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — A partner with $3000 to $5000 to
go into en old established jewelry and mu-
elcal bueiness. located In the best business
section of the city, paying 60 per cent profit.
Box 2962. Call. .
Restaurant for sale which sold 4 months ago
for $600; because of the non-union ideas of
the owner will now be offered lor quick sale
' at $175.Paciflc Business Assn.,114S Market st.
BAKERY for sale, complete plant: horses and
wagon; good paying and old established busi-
ness; splendid opportunity. Apply to D. A.
CURTIN. room 24. third floor Mills bldg.
WANTED — Reliable, energetic party with
$1500 to manage moving picture circuit; rare
chance. Novelty Theater, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar with fixtures and living-
rooms furnished; reasonable; no agents. 1401
Devisadero St.. cor. O'Farrell.
WANTED — Party to Invest in exclusive patent
right for Pacific Coast Address Patent, box
3432. Call.
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts.
PARTNER wanted with capital for building
business; % interest. Address box 2949. Call.
DELICATESSEN liquor store; good location,
for sale; reas.; no agents. Box 8426, Call.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of Bong and fancy birds: goldfish, eeed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1546 Market nt
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BRING THIS "CALL" AD WITH YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN, Established April 9, 1SS3.
1 •
Room 406 "Examiner" building 1 .
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Strictly bueiness methods. Up-to-date offlcea,
(100 ROOMS— OFFER WANTED.)
Big bargain: exclusive family hotel; one or
the best on the coast; handsome corner build-
ing; cleared $461 in October; private baths;
splendid furniture; 5-year lease; cause, heart
trouble.
OS ROOMS— $900.) .
Enap; en sunny corner, 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; full of men; cleared $75 last 5 weeks.
(24 ROOMS— CLEARS $175.)
Transient house; downtown; 24 rooms fur-
nished 3 months ago with the beat of every-
thing.
(16 ROOMS— SWELL.)
New, modern house of 16 rooms in high-toned
neighborhood: all bay-window rooms: on eunny
corner; Axminster carpets; golden oak folding
beds with large mirror fronts.
(177 ROOMS— CLEARS $650.)
A bargain; a first-class, strictly modern,
fireproof apartment house: new building; ele-
gant furniture; low rent, long lease; clears $650
month; owner is sick in bed.
(52 ROOMS— MORTGAGE SALE.)
New and modern; long lease; moderate rent;
very best furniture and carpets; excellent loca-
tion; only $1500 cash necessary; must be sold;
a big snap.
(44 ROOMS— A MINT.)
Actually cleared $438 in October; la center
of city; accurate accounts are kept; worth
$3000 as an income producer; will sell for
$4500.
(10 ROOMS— $250.)
Eunny side, north of Market; rent $23; full.
(24 ROOMS— $1200.)
Near Market; rent $S0; banks $93 monthly.
ne rooms— $800.)
Clean: rent $50; clears $5T; all housekeeping.
Elegantly and artistically furnished flat of
8 rooms; must be sold on account of leaving
cltv; ccst $1000 last July; will sell for $500;
strictly modern building; low rent; three rooms
bring halt the rent; best location in the city.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 406. Examiner bldg.
NICE 21-room bouse; downtown location; full
of steady roomers; clearing $76 a month;
price reduced from $2400 to $1600; parties
leaving the city.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 400. Examiner bldg.
SEE
TETLOW & DEACON,
Phone . Folsom 2957.
1C23 Market «t, between 6th and 7th.
.For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances, any part of the city.
A— JCOCO; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st 'EdmUnd Clarence Stedman makes this
remark regarding the race of which he
is a member: "We New Englanders are
fine specimens of humanity — when we
are transplanted."
"The choosing of the path is the
marking point of the wrecks to be
found in the cities of the country. Note
those who have taken the pleasures of
sin as their path and you will also
mark the wrecks of humanity.
"Moses did not forget the teachings
of his mother. Remember the precept
to honor thy father and thy mother.
Look at the children who have been
given every advantage by their parents
and who grow up ashamed of them.
The most despicable of all in this world
is the child who accepts the toil of his
father or mother and in time of pros
perity is ashamed of the honest hands
that gave all for their children." •
The speaker then paid a tribute to
the late President McKinley and told
how he had treated .his mother with
every kindness and consideration and
how he had placed her close to him
when he was sworn into office as the
chief magistrate of the nation, and had
kissed her in the presence of thousands
at the Inauguration ceremony in Wash
ington.
Continuing Rev. Mr. Larkin said:
"Men to be successful must toil. It
Is no use waiting for the opportunity to
come along. It Is easy enough for men
to say they will work hard when they
see great success ahead of them. Suc
cess in life comes to those who have
faith in God and in character. To do
right, to be good and true, will bring
success, despite privations and misfor
tunes. .
"We must be faithful to God and
leave the results to Him. even if the
way "be tangled. If we have faith real
success will reward our efforts. Forget
not that the pleasures of sin- lead to
death/while the pleasures of right will
lead to the everlasting life."
West 'bf the Rocky Mountain. It Is cloudy. Rain
has fallen In Western Oregon" and Washington
and snow in Idaho.. ;., ' .. _.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the .Pa
cific Slope and fallen over Eaatern Arizona. •
The temperature has fallen in the San Joa
qiiln Valley and over Nevada and Utah. Tem
peratures below xero are reported from North
ei ?"oreca8t n ma-e at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 16:
. Northern California— Fair Monday; contin
ued cool; fresh northerly wind. ' —
. Southern California— Fair Monday; . fresh
northwest wind. • , / _,
Nevada Fair Monday; continued cold. ; ••- ¦-
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
freVh northwest wind. O. H. WILLSON.
• ¦• Local Forecaster. ;
LIFE'S TURNING POINT.
"The temptations that surround those
who are born rich are many, and those
who are born rich and avoid tempta
tions are few. On the other hand,
there are thousands of men and women
who have toiled for a living who are
the exceptions to the rule that gov
erns those born rich.
"Moses had the opportunity of be*
coming the successor of th« great Pha
roah, Rameses II, because he was
brought up as a Prince in the palace
of the Egyptian ruler. But Moses re
slated temptation. He threw aside the
possibility of leading a life of ease and
threw his lot in with his own people.
"He went through hardships and pri
vations in order to help his own race
and lead them ' from bondage. This
showed his real greatness and success.
"People often say of a reformer that
he is wasting his . time and that he
cannot accomplish any good. This
might have been sajd ot Moses. But
Moses realized that the truth was the
truth and right was right, and that
they would, with God's help, prevail
despite obstacles.
"Moses for a long time might have
felt that he was wasting his time and
efforts, fpr years passed ere he suc
ceeded In his mission. He selected the
path he was to follow and followed it
until success came to him.
"So it is with all men and "women.
The time comes when, we have to
choose between a life of toll and sacri
fice and one of idleness and the pleas
ures of sin. The pleasure of sin is for a
season, and, like the wages of sin, is
death.
TEST OF REAIi GREATNESS.
"Moses passed through great adver
sity and there is no teacher of more
value than the one of adversity. There
are many men who do not know how
to use money wisely, but there are
thousands who do and they are the
ones who have had to work for and
save money.
"The real success in life is that of
character and purpose. The great law
giver and statesman, Moses, is an ex
ample of real success. History was
born when he led Israel out of Egypt,
and the leaders of the Athenians and
of Greece fade into insignificance.
"The laws of Moses are the basis of
all laws. He received divine inspira
tion and the world has never been able
to add to his laws. He is associated
with the founder of Christianity and
like him was well trained in his youth.
"His mother was his trainer and Mo
ses was taught the religion of his peo
ple by his mother. Many men owe
greatness to their mothers. The oppor
tunity of motherhood to train men to
become great in the world is not fully
appreciated.
"Moses received part of his education
in the great library and university of
the city of Thebes, but he also received
the most valuable part of his education
from his mother.
TELLS OF LITE OF MOSES.
"How many people are willing to be
less successful in getting things in or
der to take time to think? Most peo
ple take time to think when they are
not making money.
"Many people are scheming to be
come rich and prosperous, honestly if
they can and dishonestly if they must,
All the world applauded Schwab until
he was found out and now the people
are doing something else.
"It has been stated that Napoleon
was possible in France because France
was filled with little Napoleons.
Schwab is possible in America because
the country is niled with little
Schwabs.
Rev. F. M. Larkin, pastor of Grace
Methodist Church, Twenty-flrst and
Capp streets, delivered his second ad
dress on "Successful Men" last even
ing *at his church before a large con
gregation.
The speaker dealt with his subject
in a forceful manner and quoted a re
cent newspaper editorial dealing with
"Mr. Schwab is the famous president of
the steel trust, He declared that thou
sands of people were toiling and plan
ning (without realizing that they were
worshiping at the shrine of success.
"To some people," said the speaker,
"Mr. Schwab is the famous prsident of
the steel trust, while to others he is
the infamous head of that organiza
tion. It is claimed that Schwab's suc
cess was simply that' of a schemer
among confidence men; he sold proper
ty worth seven millions for thirty mil
lions and thus became rich.
Opening remarks, Miss Agnes Fitzpat
rick; instrumental duet, "L.es Sylphes"
(Bachmann), Mrs. S. F. Weeks and Miss
M. Quigley; vocal solo. Miss G. McDer
mott; violin solo. "Barceuse'' (Joselyn),
Miss J. Marks, Miss N. Marks accom
panist; vocal solo, Mrs.^I. GJynn; piano
solo. "Spanish Dance" (Raft). Miss Clara
Nolan. "Phantom Queens'* (a caprice),
with the following characters: Opta. a
girl graduate. Miss M. Maginnls: Clie.
goddess of history. Miss T. McKenna;
Semnia. Miss R. Norton; Alma Mater,
Miss M. Gallagher. Queens— Constance.
Miss I. Madden; Margaret d' Anjou, Miss
I. Bright; Anne of • Warwick. Miss G.
Trainor; Elizabeth Woodville. Miss M.
Woodmansee: Mary Tudor. Miss L. Mol
loy: Mary Queen of Scots. Miss M. Fitz
gerald: Elizabeth of Eangland. Miss I.
Bright: Marie Antoinette, Miss A. Low
ney. There were closing remarks.
Opta, a girl graduate, is about to
marry a. title- and taboos the Shake
spearean idea that uneasy lies the head
that, wears a crown. A magic spell
is cast over her by Clie, goddess of his
tory- While in this profound state she
is made the auditor of the troubles that
befell the crowned female heads of an
cient and medieval history. Among the
well-known characters represented
were: Constance. Margaret d'AnJou,
Anne of Warwick, Elizabeth Woodville.
Slary Tudor. Mary Queen of Scots,
Elizabeth of England and Marie An
toinette. Opta sees the folly of her
intentions and. departs from the idea
with general satisfaction.
The whole plot was ably worked out
by the young actresses,
. The followinz is the programme as
rendered:
A pleasant programme was rendered
and after the exercises the guests were
banqueted. The audience was made up
solely of women and young ladies.
Miss Agnes Fltzpatrick. president of
the alumnae.made the opening remarks.
Following instrumental and vocal se
lections, the young ladies of the con
vent presented a little caprice, entitled
"Phantom Queens." The playlet was
very well rendered. All' of the young
ladies taking part portrayed their re
spective characters in an excellent
manner.
The Alumnae Association of the Sa
cred Heart Prest'. ;i_jvi__ Convent held
its annual social reunion yesterday
afternoon at the convent hall, Taylor
and Ellis streets.
Deals With Life of Moses as
an Example to All.
Mankind.
Sacred Heart Pres9ntaMon
Coavent Scene of an
. Annual Banquet.
Rev. F. M Larkin Dis
courses to a Large
Gathering. •
Graduates and Pupils
Reunite at Their : i^
School.
TELLS OF REAL
SUCCESS IN LIFE
YOUNG LADIES
PRESENT PLAY
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 15—« p. m. '
-The following,/are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in the last twenty-four
hours:
• Last • This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.'
Eureka- • ..... 9.04
Red Bluff 0.00 2.94 0.15
Sacramento 0.00 l.fis 3.65
' San Francisco T. 1.57- *>3.36
Fresno 0.10 0.18 2.43
Independence T. T.Vy 0.39
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.08 3.20
Los Angeles 0.00 0.43 " 2.38
San Diego ••• T. Q.Q5 1.37
THE COAST RECORD.
i 2? S ¦ S ;. 0 ¦ ¦» ¦ 3
STATIONS. | If If || " |a |
- " : e e : r s
: 3-3 •¦ •¦¦ ;• :
Baker .....'.-.80.14 ¦ 34 .. SW Cloudy .00
Carson .......80.20 40 32 S Clear T.
Farallon 30.32 66 48 NW Pt.CIdy .10
Fresno .......30.28 G4 4«. NW Clear .10
Flagstaff 20.90 CO 30 W Pt.CIdy .00
Independence .29.t)2. 64 52 NW Clear T.
Los Angeles...30.08 <!« 62 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpftls30.34 48 38 SW aear .52
North Head...30.26 42 40 E Pt.CIdy .30
Phoenix ......20.02 78 46 SW Clear .00
Pocatello 30.18 3S 32 SW Pt.CIdy .01
Portland 30.28 46 30 NW-Rain- .42
Point Reyes...30.28 56 46.NW Clear .04
Red Bluff.... .30.30 66 38 ; SW Clear .00
Roseburg .....30.34 44'34 SW. Clear .94
Sacramento ...30.30 58 40 NE: Clear- .00
Salt Lake.....30.14 38, 36 NB Cloudy .01
Ban Franclsco.30.34 56 48 W" Clear T.
SL Oblspo. :30.2<i 62 50 N aear .00
San blego.....30.Q8 64 54 .-W Clear .00
gfattle T 80.22 40 36 E Cloudy .78
Spokane ......30.12. 38 26 BW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.2O 44 36 W Ooudy .90
Walla Walla..30.14 *44 32. 8 Cloudy .04
Wlnnemucca .30.18 40 28 W. aoudy ,.T.
Yuma .<....... 20.02 78 48 W. Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST..: :. ..
Fair,weather prevails over California, South
ern Oregon, Nevada "¦* and 'Arizona; r elsewhere
¦ •¦ : '
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL,' MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16. 1903.
11
S 0ALIFORNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO g
w Leaves Mondays end Thursdays &
jfi at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days, H
B with diner and all trappings. jR
Other Santa Fe Trains :
V _2 ?*«'(. for Stockton, Fresno, Baker-field.
8-00 p.* m! I JAttc *^ Haaford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Tzckbt Offic»: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Also 1112 Broadway, OaJc-
L-nd,Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCJ ANU MOTH PACIFIC
BAH. WAY COMPA-TS*.
Tlbuxon Tvxrj. Poot or Market Street.
SAN PBAKCISCO TO SAW SATAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, fl:0O. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
3:30. 5-10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
Saturday!— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:50. 11:00. a. nx ; 1:30. 3:30.
SAZT ' BATAEL TO SAS PSABTCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. • /
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:5g. 6:03. 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I in Effect | Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1903. .|San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I
Days. ] days. | tlon. [ days, f Days.
7-30 a 8:00 a »:10a 8:40 a
0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3-30 p 3:3Qp 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p S.Oop 7:35 p
7 30 a "~" 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:3Oa Petaluma. «:06 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Banta Rosa |
7 ._0 , " ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p «:20 p
3:30 p 8:30 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 pf 3:30 pf Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
¦ I Cloverd-le.
I 7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ajlO:20 a
3:30 al 3:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:3. p| 6:20 p
'7:30 a| 8:00 a| ' Willits., | 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7^30 al 8:00 al ~~ 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30 pf 3:30 pf Goernevjlle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
I 7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I ? : l? a | _ : J°, a
6:10 p{ 6?00pf Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
I 7-30 al 8:00 al 110:40 aJ10:20 a
8:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopoi. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln- at Santa Rosa for "White Sulphur
Borings- at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
¦ S_rlnKs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
1 serville for Ska__s Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
; Hooland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
' KelseyvUle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
. port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
I Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
1 Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerty's
• BuekneU's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Spring!". Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
' stevenH Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort Brass,
Westport. ¦ Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
[ Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Laytcn-
, vllle. CummlnKs. Bell's ¦ Springs. Harris, Ol-
: sen' e. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
' and Eureka.
; Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at rs»
[ duced rates. i
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
1 H. C. WHITING. B. X RYAN. ¦'
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Ajrt.
' Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave Ti_ Sau-Utt ftrrj .Vrrive
, Stn Francisco Foet tt Mir.* It Sin Fran cfaco
'. Week Son- ____¦__""" Siu> Week
- Days, days _»$Ss5§Et_. dayi Days.
, •I0_3 1*8:OOa E^SjgSgffia l_:OSr 10:40i
' *t:4Sp »:OOa B$ WB 1:*5p 3:50-
5:15f 10:OOa %fi_aK_35r >:50r A:AOp
' 11:00a 1ISH glr 4:50r »:50-
. .......... l:45p 5:50r .„.„__,
~___,. -3:15p T:50p ._.___,
*flMumt -it_ «Ufi _r * '¦' My, _U TO-* C__»
: TlCIir I 62$ Majuc-t St.,(N ort_ Shore Railroad)
OmCB 1 and Sausauto Fkuy. Foot Market Sc
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfnrnu
MARKET. W)3. the "La Paloma." next door
Hale'a — Nicely furnished rooms from $2 up.
OAK. 20 — Furnished sunny front rooms for
man »nrt wife or 2 gentlemen. .
ROTAL Hou«e. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $160; week, $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-
THE COURTLAND.-42 Turk et. ; phone How-
ard 2817; neatly furnished rooms, en suite ;
and single; transient solicited. Mrs. M.
Baird, proprietor. * , ¦ •
THE Glllesple. 110 9th st — Furnished rooms.
$1 50-$2 60 wk. ; trans.. 50c-$l night; quiet.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy st.. near Market —
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and. baggage.
VAN NEBS. 510 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and elngle rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave., 700 — Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; also 2 rear basement rms.
WASHINGTON, 1402— Two nice sunny front
rooms; .bath; with or without board; reas.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
"^^^^^^KrrT-tr^ALTlMoiiK^ p~"~*
I VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBHRG. PROPRIETORS.
STEVENSON mansion SO" California Ht. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
! THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
! owners of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of., the as-
sociation on FRIDAY, November 20, 1003. at
0:30 a. m.. for such business as may bo
legally brought before It. By order of the
Board of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
SE\viNG*MA"CHINES~ANP~SVPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10 $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
* ; SPECIALIST^
CATARRhTdEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 weak s treau
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter -t.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cum
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They muBt be handed
I In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have 'the same published.
Notices restricted flimply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charxe. .__
MARRIED.
KING — SANDERSON— In this city, November
15 1903. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. \\ il-
eon, pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church. George W. King of San Francisco
and Florence J. Sanderson of San Diego.
MEYER— WEGNER— In this city, November
14 100 bv the Rev. Paul Branke, \\ illiam
A. Meyer and Lydla B. Wegner, both ot San
Francisco.
SILVA— METZ— In this city. November 15,
1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church. Henry J. Sllva and Caroline B.
Met_, both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMSON— GREENE— In this city. No-
vember 15. 1003, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
William D. Williamson of Ornbaun. Mendo-
clno County. Cal., and Jennie F. Greene of
San Francisco.
~~^ DIED.
Cochefore«, Peter Nichol, James
Connolly. Claire L. O'Brien. Robert
Cronk, Celia Paquette, Mary L.
Dolan. Peter M. Pierce. Orestes
Fogarty. James Rasmusnen, Anna C.
Friedmann. Samuel Sellon. Edwin R.
Groezinger, Gottlob Shula. Anton T.
Htinsen. Henry E. Smlthland. Jane
Knowlen. I. G. Syle. Prof. L. Du P.
Landry. Rose M. Thomas, Richard L.
McCaffrey. Cornelius Tierney, Sister M. .
McDonald, Elsa C. Walsh. Stephen
McMillan, Gladys M. Zitgelmeyer, Anton
Moore, Newton C.
COCHEFORES— In this city, November 14.
1903, Peter Cochefores. beloved nephew ol
George Charhulos, a native of Greece, aged
24 yearn 0 months and 6 days.
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, November It5, 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Servian
Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, November 14. 1003.
Claire Lillian, youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of John F. and Catherine H. Con-
nolly, and sister of John F. Jr. and Mar-
guerite C. Connolly, a native of San Fran-
cisco. PKtd. 8 months and 10 days.
E_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 151S Fifteenth street.
between Mission and Howard. Interment
private. >
CRONK— In this city, November 14, 1903.
; Celia, beloved wife of Walter Cronk. daugh-
1 ter of the late Captain and Mrs. W. W. Dll-
llngham, and sister of Mrs. C. A. Erwln, a
1 native of Benicla, Cal.
£_rFrlend6 and acquaintances are renpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. November 18, 1003, at 2:30
o'clock, at St. Paul's Episcopal Church, at
I Benicla, Cal. Interment Benlcta Cemetery.
Remains at tbe mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertaking Company until Mon-
day, at 12 o'clock m.
' DOLAN — In this city. November 15. 1003,
Peter M., beloved non of the late Malachi
and Delia Dolan. and brother of the late
Mrs. M. J. Tobin, a native of Antioch, Cal.,
t aged 37 years 4 months and 17 days.
irr Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
FOGARTY — In this, city, November 14, lf>03,
James, infant son of John J. and Susan
Fogarty, a native of San Francisco.
• FRIEDMANN — In this city. November. 15,
1903, Samuel, beloved husband of Rebecca
Frifedmann, and father of Jcsjph Friedmann,
; a native of Hungary, a_ed 41 years 10
months and 27 days.
GROEZINGER — In this city, November 15,
l»03 at the residence of his son, Emlle A.
Groezinger, 4302 Nineteenth ntreet, corner
Diamond, Gottlob, beloved husband of the
late Rosalie Groe_lnger, and father of Gott-
lob C. and Emlle A. Groezinger. a native of
Reutllngen, Germany, aged 79 years 1 month
1 and 27 days.
__-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
'¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
. residence. 4302 Nineteenth street, corner of
Diamond. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
• HEINSEN— In this city, November 14, 1D03,
Henry E. L., beloved husband of the late
Anna Marie Hein«en. and father of Charles
! Helnsen, a native of Hamburg. Germany,
aged 72 years and 3 months. A member ot
Scott Lodge No. 37. I. O. O. F., of Daven-
port; State of Iowa.
ff_TFriends -nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
• car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
c KNOWLEN — In Ban Joee, Cal.. November 14,
' 1903 I. G. Knowlen. father of Frank 8,,
1 Charles W., "A. B., Harvey C. and Dudley
• It Knowlen and Mrs. Hattle Dill, a native
'• of Ohio, aged 77 years.
1 ' C_r Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-
morrow (Tuesday), uuon the arrival of the
11:20 o'clock train from San Jose.
• LANDRY— -In this city, November 15, 1903, at
the residence, 8 Adair street. Rose M., be-
loved mother of Rose, Frances and Irene
5 Landry, daughter of Patrick J. and Cassis
. A. Kllday, and sister of Frank, Annie and
CaMle Kllday, a native of Rocklin, Cal.,
1 aged 30 years 10 months and 7 days.
1 MCCAFFREY — In this city, November 13. 1903,
Cornelius McCaffrey, a native of Balllna-
more. County Leitrlm, Ireland, . aged 71
I years.
• CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Chapel
of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a solemn requiem mass wJU be
". celebrated for the repese of his soul, com-
mencing at 7 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
I and. Townsend streets. Remains at the par-
lon-l of Me Avoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
between. Eighth and Ninth.
1 M-DONALD— In this city, November 15. 1003,
EUa C, beloved wife of Richard H. Mc-
Donald, and mother of Alex. B. and Olibia
' M. Charlton, a. native of Heidelberg, Ger-
many. -
. McMILLAN— In this city. November 13. 1903,
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO., ...
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
' Funeral Directors and ; Embalmers.— ¦ —
" 214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676. ¦-
MEDICAL. .. . ' .
MRS. DR. "WTETII. epeclallet for all female
complaints: Instant tellef guaranteed ; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable Fpecialiet for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOCS'-i Market Bt., opp. 6th.
JjR. O. W. O' DONNELLY— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal«
complaints; poslU\ely corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; thr most difficult caaes treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market et.
Drs. Ooodwtn, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief;
treatment f 10; hours, 10 to B; 25 yrs. exper.
ilKS. P. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles*
fp^claliet; a private home before anj during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
PH. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market et.
7JR. ROSEN resides 2030 Folsora St.. cor. 26th;
ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 31» Powell Ft., opposite
t* nlon square: all, diseases cured by herbs.
MUSICAL IXSTROIKVTS. ~~^
RENT a piano for (3 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
%;-h to buy; this elves you six months' trial
0l the Instrument for nothing; If the piano
f*ntt-d do«* not »u)t we allow the rental on
»ny Instrument in our etores; with such goods
«s the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can iruar-
br.ter satisfaction to even* one in quality,
j>rice and terms. S*e the Scott-Curtai
"Bijou." the smallest full scale piano in S_n
Francisco. SCOTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO..
T.6U-C2-6* Hayes ft.
ALL uprlfhts on our barcaln slate to-day —
Collard. $35; Filsher. "P50; Sherman A Hyde.
$100; Weber, $C5; Kimball. $115; Mansfield &
Notni. $125; Hayr.cs. $l_0; American, $105;
Chlckering, 5167; Emerson. $272; Miller.
Sl~r>; 2 Steinwayr, lar^e and email size. $1S5
»nd $_S»0: Heine, large Ktyle, sllehtly used,
J '¦:"'. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase: In-
etallmer.ta (4 up. HEINE PIANO CX>.. 235-
237 Geary st_: Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Hldg. Larreet exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
UNTIL December 1 we fhal! offer Bpeclal in-
ducements to cash buyer? on all pianos and
Fm&ll tcods now In stock. We are special
a_ents for the celebrated Behr Bros, and
Baumelster pianos. Easy payments for those
who desire. Call and see. THE ZENO
MAt'VAIS MT'SIC CO. 7(» Market ft.
A FINE lot of tecond-har.d uprights from $50
up including such m_kes _s Chickering,
Vow Krof^er Curtaz. Kirkham. Pease.
Hanftnan. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. Cl'RTAZ * SON. 1« OFar-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instrument*; F. Bosson, Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Am. Pac. Coast. 278 OFarrell;
skillful repairing;: 2J-hand Ir.struments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Eetey onran,
two banks of keys and pedal basa; cost $750;
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTTFCL 3-pe<lal Ste'.nway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeefTe'f.-SS OTarrell.
A RARE chance; a Homung Bros.' upright;
little us«-d; must be sola. 216 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehfad Storage. 1C36 Market st.
¦OHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON* MAUZY. 3OS-312 Post «t.
EUPERIOR viollrs. zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER. nak^r. rfra'.rpr. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A NICE front office, just vacated, first floor,
993 Market St.. next door to Hale's; grand
business location.
STORE with l_._e basement; below Kearny
Ft.; rer.t $30. Apply «>><> Clay et.. room 1.
PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL RATE.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since Jan.
1. 1KI3. and for the ensuing M days only, I -will
make a liberal reduction from all prices for my
special and. inimitable doep-wrinkle treatment.
The ladyfwho has been on exhibition for some
time past 1_ the drugstore windows may be seen
at my office this week from L0 to 5, in order to
accommodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
I itarh my profession. M. ELLA HARRIS,
7 V 1 O'Ffarrell gt.. near Larkln.
WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given in man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 70_. Alto Mdg.. Bush and Kearny.
THE .Ster Hair Rem»=<S.v restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth. stop* falling, cu.es dandruff
end Itching ccalp; no Etain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists'. hairdressers' : ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
. NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, yent. 10-1 Market st.
PHTFTCIAN. IS yeans' experience, cures per-
manently morphine cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corr.er Sutter St.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S38 Polk st. : consultation free; call or write.
AT less than coet. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trou^rs at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 7-1 Market et.
CATARRH, asthma and bronchial troubles
cur^d at home: free trf-atment for one week.
Ad_r»sa Errpire Medicine Co.. 707 Minna st.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
g-uaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket et.. room 203.
ELEGANT eults on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per meek. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday, Faturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard St., nr.
tth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
$3 HATS a specialty this week. 816 O"Far-
r-11 at.
OLD bats made new. £16 O'Farrell st.
AXDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 28 O'Farrell et.
tUTTS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Keuhaus & Co.. raerch.t_llon>,727-7_9 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. _c Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market,
V THE best place to buy good umbrellas ot
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; drees pants $2 CO.
Mleflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores graj
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
Euperfiuouc hair and moies removed with elec.
trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter
~~ PALMZSTRV.
MME. DEVAB. scientific palmist and aetrolo-
plet; palm readings $1; 3 Questions by ex
prese. $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post r
pROF.WALKER.palml£t.roe_!um,tells of love
marriage. 1 a w. business. etc. 935HHoward,r. 8
H JEROME FOFELLI. scientific palmist. Si:
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black S61.
*"pAPEnHA5»'GI.\C. PAINTING. ETC.
UOOMS papered, $3 60 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Main 4li
rHVSICIAXS AMD SURGEONS.
DR C C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
102114 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to dlgease. of women.
BLOOD s-ln and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; foi
P_st four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. Buccewor to Dr. LI Pc
Tai. herb doctor, cure, ail disease* of humai
by use of herbs and teas. «27 \\ag_lngton st
DR II C WONO. 718 Post st.: all diseasei
<-ur*-d by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
I' ONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dlo-
rwr furr-A by Chinwe herbs. 746-8 Clay st
STOItACE A.\P WAIlEHOySKg^
A Storage & Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, _hlppe_. 725
731 Howard Ft., nr. Third: phone Grant 161
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of
flee Post and Powell eta.: tel. Prlve. Ex. 571
CONKLIN'B Storage— Furniture end merchan
d!*e. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 841
Miselon Et.: tel. Howard ML V. W. Zehfuss
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com
psny. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 MontRomerj
st.; tel. Main ]8«o. Shipping at cut rates.
TVFEWIUTERS AAD SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS In"tTPE}WRITERS— W<
sell better machines for lesfrnoney than an]
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewrite!
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 2C6
A FEW rood typewriters at $30 each: ret par
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont
gomery et. ¦. ; ¦ :
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented • repaired
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 60S Market.
AUCTION SALES
RED RIBBON SPEED SALE
STOCK,^
Consisting of half sisters ot Directum. 2:OCH4;
John A. MeKerron. 2:06',i; Bay Ruin. 2:25^;
Algregor. 2:11. etc.. and the finest- locking trot-
ters and pacera ever offered, by such sires as
MeKlnney. 2: lift; Rey Direct. 2:10; Direct.
2:0514; Cbas. Derby, 2:20; Diablo. 2:0»Vi;
Sliver Bow, 2:16; Owyhee. 2:11; Stelnway.
2:25»i; Hart Boewell. George Washington.
2:16*-4; Monterey. 2:00Vi; Dexter Prince. Guy
MeKlnney. Princa Nutwood, 2:1U 4 : Almonl-
tlon, 2:24%. etr\. consigned by Messrs. II. C.
Saunders. Jas. H. Gray. P. Foley. Geo. A. Da-
vis, P. J. Williams, Thos. Smith. C. Becker.
E. C. Archer. 1_ M. La Selle and Other well-
known horsemen.
SPECIAL SALE
Seven young stallions, finest bred In Califor-
nia. Four by McKinney t2:lU 4 >. one by Silver
Row i2:16>. one by.jDwyhee l2:ll), one by
Egyptian Prince.
Nine of the Finest Broke Shetland
Ponies.
Surrey and Poar-ln-Hand Harness.
A span of spotted pinto*: saddle horses; well-
matched teams: fine rwuKers; mares with rec-
ords: young utalllcns. etc.
TUESDAY EYcMNB, NOVEMBER 17, 1903,
¦ Commencing at 7:30,
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 third St.. Near f olsom
WM. G. LATNC, Live Stock Auctioneer.
Horses at yf.rd Saturday, November 14. until
evening of sale.
j£* fc£ £s>
AUCTION SALE of Horse*. Wagons, Har-
ness. WEDNESDAY, Nov. IS. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. X17 Sixth st. Horses
must be as reoresented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
i SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 Trains leave »nU areduo to urrlveat
SAN KKASCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
___ra — y_uM OcToasatl. 100-. — -aarra
7.00* Beulclm. Sulaon. Elmlni sn4 __er_-
meato ?• Z-*| p
7.00- VscsTllle. Winters. P.umsey- 7.55r
7J0a M miner, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Ksps, Callstozs, Saata Ross 8-2Sr
740a Nlles. LlTermore, Tracy, Lathrofc
Su>ck:on /.__*
8.00a DaTU.WoodIand. Knijfhu Landing,
• < M-rjsTllle. OroTtlle .Z'53 1 '
8 00a Atlantic __pre»»— Ogdeatn- Bast. 10.25*
8-SOa Port Costs, Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Tracy.S toe -ton, Sacramento,
Kewaaa, Los Bano*. Mendot-.
Annona. Lemoore, Uanford.
Vls-iu. PormrvUle 4.25-
g.JO» Fort Costa. M-rtlaea, Tracy, Laih-
roo, Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Ooshen Junction. Lemoore, Hsa-
ford. Vtsalla. BskersSeld 4 55>>
8-3G- fihssta Express— Paris. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Wlllowa,
tKruto. Ked Bluff. Portland 7.55*
8 JO* If lies, Saa Jose. LUermorx. Stock-
ton,Io_e.S»cn»mento,Pl«eerTiUe.
Mary svHle. C-lco, Bed Bluff 4-Zir
8.30a Oa_d_le. Chlntse, Jamesto— ». So-
nor*. Toolamoe and Angels 5 2-
808a Martinex and Way Stations. | oor
10.00a " ~ •
ton von*. Msrcaea, Byroa,
Traey. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Baa-
ford. Vtsalla, JB__ers_«ld. Los
Aa-eles . .^estr
bound arrvres mcvast Line)... «1.30r
10401 Toe Orerlaad Limited — Ogdea.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. ¦ Z|P
1200m Harvard. Ntles and War Stations. *-25r
ti.00- Sacramento RlTer Steamers tii.QC*
3.30* Benicla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Kat.bts Landing.
MarriTllle. OroTllle and way
stations
3.30- HaTward, Nlles and Way Buttons.. 76SP
3 30* Port Costa, Martlnei. Brroa.
Tracy. Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond port CosU..... ... 12-25r
-3-30- Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1025a
4 00* Marttnei.SanlUmon.Vall«Jo,Napa,
Callstotca. Santa Rosa........ ... 8-Z5_
4 00* Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4.2o*
4 30* Hayward. Hlles, Irrl&cton. Sanf t8.66*
Jot*. LlTermore I 111.55*
6 00* The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
nano*. Mentlijiii. Fresno. Tulare,
BakersQeld. Los Angeles ........ 8 55*
6 COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 12-25*
t6 30* Hayward. XHes and San Jose ..... 7.25*
600* Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose 10 25*
6-00* Oriental Mall— Opden. Denyer.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chicago aad
East. Port Costa, Benleia, Sai-
tun, Elmtra, Darts, Sacramentct
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trackee. Boca. Reno, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain, Elio 425»
8.00- Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 755.
700* ValleJo. 8unday only I '"
7.C0* 6an Pablo. Port Costs, Martlaes
and Way Stations. 11. 25*
ECS* Oregon A California Express— 8ae-
ramento, Marysvllle, Reddlag.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Kast. 8.59-
8.10* Day ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (So*-
aayonly) 11.SS*
COAST LINE (harrow tiaage).
(Foot of M-rktt Street.)
t.15* Newark, CenterrlUe. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Statlona .......... 5 55*
tl48» Newark. CenterrUle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gato«,Feltoa,
Bouldrr Creek, Santa Crui aad
Principal Way Stations 10.53*
4 16* Kewark. Saa Jose. Loe Oatos and
way station* .......... t8.55 _
-3 30* Hunters Train, Satnrday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Banday
1 onty returns from Los Oatos .... XJ 2o>_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rnim SAN M5AN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUptt
-17:15 1:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 515 p.m.
crom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway —t6:W Ti:»
t8:05 1U:00*._. 1200 2.00 4.00 *.«.
COAST LINE (Bread _«.(•).
t_r* (fnird and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a 6an Jose and Way Stations. 8 30*
7 CO* E-n Jose and Way Buttons S JS*
8 00* New Almaden (Tne».. Frld.. only), 4.10*
8 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jos«, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. Castrorllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Roblea.
8anuMargarlta,8aa Lais Oblspo,
Prl_>-ip-; stations ttirnce Sarf
(connection for Lompoe) princt-
psl stations thence Saata Bar-
bara aad Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrorllls to sad from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 18-48*
9.00a San Josa. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
- SantaCrax.PaciaeGrore, Salinas,
Ban Lull Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10*
1040a Ean Jose and Way Stations... ,.... 1.20*
1130a Santa Clara, San Jo«a. Los Gstos _ _
__ and Way 8 u tlons 7-30**
1 -30* San Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
3.00* Paeinc Grore Express— SaataClsra
bra Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Craz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
tt Gllroy for Holllster. Tret
Plnos. at CastrovUle for Salinas. 12.15*
3450* Gllroy Way Passenger 110-45*
14 4 5* Ban Jose. (rU Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9-28*
5530* San Jotc and Principal Way Stations ta.OO a
6. CO* Sunset Limited. Eattbooad.— Saa
Lnls Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Lot
Angeles, beming. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbouad
arrive* rlaS-nJoaq-ln Valley)... w 8 25*
tS.IE* San Mateo, BeTesfor_,Belmont. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair . Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto.. J...T77T 1 t8«3*
8.30* S_nJo»e and Way Stations. 8.38*
11 .30* South San Francisco. Mlllbrse. Bar-
11-game. San Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and ralo-Alto 8.45*
-11.30* Mayfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Joso tS-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday only.
1 6 tops at all stations on Sunday.
t Buaday ezeepted. a Saturday only.
f Via Coast Lino. «r Via a»n Jo-qnhi Valley.
(•"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soat_boan4
<~^*:10*._..«:C»*.M..n:3O*_€.,»:-jr.M.»ndC:30r._.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLcY*
CAZADERO, ETC
via Sausalito Perry.
- Suburban Service Standard Gauge Kectflc—
. 8: Fft0M^A___*VAIJ-T TO SAN TOAX.
CISCO-Daily-5^5. «:55 7:62. 8:53. » 53.
11:20 a- m. 12:35. _:0O. 3:15. 4:05. 5.05. 8.03,
7:05 ' 9:00 -' 1 «O I _ TRAINS. J
8:00 a. m. week days— Ca-adero and way
* t 6Vl < 5 a 1). m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:15 P. m. Saturdays— Caxadero and way
"^uSSaya only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way statlona. *
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market St.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
The Wee^Cal
61 per Year*
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE CO., :
C38 MARKETT ST.
AUCTION. j
AUCTION.
AUCTION. _' 1ftft - •
TUESDAY November 24, HW» i
At our salenrooms, at 12 o'clock noon.
FREMONT ST. INVESTMENT.
NW. cor. of Fremont and Harrison ets.. ex-
tremely large lot, 45_»2:6 feet; improvements
consiit of three 2-story frame buildings, con- ;
talning 7-8-16 rooms; also large store; present .
rentg low at $125 per month; this Is a most
desirable manufactures site. _.».-.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. INVESTMENT. .
N. line of Golden Gate ave.. '0 feet E ot .
Flllmore st.; Nob. 1226-28; lot 30x100 feet, im-
provements. 2 elegant houses. 8 rooms and o*in .
each; brick foundation; high basement; rent i
$»; mortgage $6000 can be obtained.
POTRERO MANUFACTURING SITE,
i SW. cor. 18th and Potrero ave. : large parce i i
of ground. 100x100 feet; -will sell as i a wnoie .
or eubdivide into building lots. 25x100 reet.
MISSION FLATS. ¦ .
W. line of Shotwell et.. 155 tZ*t*?™. ° l
21«; lot ::oxl_2:« feet; Nos. C22-C22H: Im-
provements. 2 beautiful flats. 4-5 rooms and .
bath; beautiful lawn; lcrge palm trees: build-
ing newly painted; plumbing In first-class or- ,
der; rent $40 per month; concrete side walk. •
bitumlnlK'd street. „ ,_„
WESTERN ADDITION KLATS
S. line of I'lno Ft., fi2:« feet E. of Webster;
3 handsome flat?. 6-7-S rooms: permanently .
rented at $95 i*er month; modern In every
respect.
MISSION FLATS.
5 line of rr.th Ft.. 175 feet W. of Sanche_;
large lot _I).:Cxll4 feet; No. 4023; 2 sunny
flats containing D rooms and bath each; Patent ,
toilets, brick foundation, large windmill and
2000-g_IIon tank on premises; no water b.lls
to pay; rent $3."> per month.
LAGUNA ST. FLATS. . --
E. line of Laguna St., 96 feet S. of Filbert.
24x115 feet- No. 2i»3S; Improvements, 2 modern
flats. 6 rooms and bath. 32-foot baaement; fine
brick foundation; could easily be made into 3
flats: rent ?40 rer month.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
N line of Chestnut St.. 123 feet W. of Van
Nets ave: lot 27:Cxl37:fi feet; particularly de-
sirable neighborhood: flats erected could be
made to ray handsomely.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
E. line of Converse st., 175 feet N. of Bry-
ant between 8th and 9th; lot 25x75 feet; Nos.
63 to 71; improvements, 4 tenement flats; rent
J $35 per month; in good condition; brick foun-
' dation.
LANGTON ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Langton ft.. 35 feet N. of Bryant;
lot 25xSU feet: lmprox-cments on the premises
of dwelling .partially destroyed by fire, which
can easily be remodeled at slight expense.
POST. ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Post St.. 306 feet W. of Franklin;
large lot. 50x137:6 feet; No. _360; present im-
provement consists of magnificent .3-story resi.
dene*. 24 spacious rooms and baths: steady
tenant ready to take premises at $175 per
month; thlR portion of Post st. will soon be .
important business property.
For further particulars send for catalogue.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C38 Market st.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2900.
6 rooms — $2250.
5 rooms — $2500.
6 rooms— $3C0O.
7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms— $4000.
Located on First and Second ave., bet.
Geary and McAllister et. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 0 per cent, j
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton et.. owner.
FOR bargains in city property, call on
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
FOR sale— SE. corner of Vicksburg and Eliz-
abeth: lot 50x114: $2400. 253C Howard st.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL. ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
AT a sacrifice; must be sold; 20 _cros in Ala-
meda County, IS acres in C-year-old vineyard,
choice wine grapes; some fruits: all in high
state of cultivation; comfortable house and
outbuildings: owing to recent daath of owner
the widow will sell for $3300. Including per-
sonal property. H. H. CRaNE, COS Cali-
fornia st.
*l."i0<)0— 170 1-3 ACRES one mile south of
Yountville. Napa County; vineyard, hay and
grain farm; 80 acres under cultivation, bal-
ance fine forest; 7 springs and running
ftream. Sale by GEORGE F. VOLZ. 762
Fulton st-. City.
FOR farms, orchard and vineyard lands, stock
ranches and timber lands, call on or address,
for catalogue, ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507
Calif ot la tt ____________
ALFALFA lands, stock rancheb. orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Icgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market St.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BKRKELEY REALl ESTATE.
A HOME in Berkeley; new and up to date;
location the very best; small cash payment,
remainder Installments less than rent. S. F.
ond S. Home-building Society. 708 Market
gt.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL~bargains— Two fine flats, rented for
$50 per month; price only $4700; good loca-
tion; also a fine 4-room cottage, with bath;
only $1050. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth
e_. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FCRMTl'RE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor. store. Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
1 A^OLLO^apartments, 526 Eddy — New building,
handsomely furnished 2 and 3 room apart- ,
ments- every convenience for housekeeping;
. reasonable; within 5 minutes' walk to town.
' BIRCH C15 — Three good unfurnished rooms
' for housekeeping; $7. Apply 642 Grove st.
¦ ELEVENTH. 10G — 2 connecting furnished sun-
ny rooms for housekeeping.
¦ FIRST St., 230. near Howard — 4 or 5 house-
i keeping rooms; business center, rent low.
• FOURTEENTH. 728. north of Market — House-
\ keeping rooms; carpets new.
: GEARY place, 2, off Geary st., nr. Taylor— 2
sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping.
JONES, 117 — One, two or three sunny house-
\ keeping rooms; reasonable. .
I MODEL HOUSE. 120C Stockton st.— Nearly fur-
: nlshcd rooms, $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
• POLK. (512— $14; bedroom and kitchen; gas
; stove; baths; no children. '
1 VALENCIA. S22 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
complete electric light and gas: $16.
. IIounekpK Rooms- — Apartm't nouses.
! THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan. opp. Park— Furn.,
¦ apartments: prt. bath; steam heater; Janitor.
" BOOMS TO LET — HOTELS.
\ TO BE OPENED IN A FEW DAYS.
A NEW HOTEL.
' HOTEL ORIENTA (European plan). 140
Mason St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis. A new brick
building in the heart of the city, close to
; principal restaurants, theaters and retail
etores; magnificently furnished rooms, single
and en suite; hot and cold water; baths;
I electric lights: steam heat; telephone in
i every room, and an all-night elevator service.
First-class Hammam baths in connection.
Rates very, reasonable. Secure rooms early.
! ' "~
ROOMS TO LET — Earn. And Cnfarn.
. a — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to SI per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
: light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
" AT "The Almonte," 87S Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth rt.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1. $1 60 night;
1 $1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
; BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
) nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
; CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
,' furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I ELLIS. 19C9. near Scott— Nice, large, furnished
f room; gas; |8. :
FRANKLIN, 721, near Golden Gate ave.— Two
sunny furnished front rooms; all conven-
Iences; private family; reasonable.
> GLEN PARK ave., 26 — Two furnished . rooms
r to let, one front, one rear. - . . ¦• .
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
' to (160 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
- HYDE. 810 near Sutter — A large. sunny fur-
nished room. $10; also small .room. $8.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room. '
Gladys M.. beloved child of Samuel W. and
Annie McMillan, and sister of. Bertie and
Willie McMillan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years. •-
irjrFuneral private, Monday, November 18.
1903. at 11 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents 706 Cortland avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
MOORE—In this city, November 14, • 1903,
N'ewton Cadwell. beloved and only son of •
Charles C. and Lillian May Moore, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9
months and 7 days. -
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
NICHOL—In this city. November 13, 1903.
James beloved husband of Rose Nichol. a
native' of Ireland, agred 62 years. A member
ot Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. Local No:
??,_ I l. M. and T. Association. . •. •
""iryThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
Novembtr 17. wt 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., ¦ 767 Mission '
utreet. \ - . .
O'BRIEN—In this city, November 15, 1903,
Robert O'Brien, beloved husband of the "late
Catherine O'Brien, and uncle of Mrs. P. J.
Kelly and Mrs. J. J. Koopman, a native of
Ireland aged 73 years 6 months and 5 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fTueeday) at W:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his niece; Mra. P. J. Kelly, 1508
Franklin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral where a requiem hl_h mass will bs
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cermtery.
PAQUETTE In this city. November 15, 1903,
Mary Laurence, beloved wife of Fred D.
Paouette and mother of Freddie Roy and
Raymond Paquette. a native of Montague,
Mich aged 32-years 2 months and 23 days.
£_»¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 17. 1003. at 8:30 o'clock, from h?r
late residence. 1!>31 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to St.
Charles Church, cornfr of Eighteenth a/id
Photwell streets, where services will be held
at W o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
PIERCE—In Oakland. November 14, 1003/
OrtsUs Pierce, b-loved husband of Sally
McKee Pierce, a native of Maine, aged 50
years 5 months and 7 days.
C-TFuneral will take Dlace from his resi-
dence on Vcrnon Helzhts at 2 o'clock on
Monday. November 16. Interment private.
RASMUSSKN—In this city, November 14,
l!io;i Anna Christina Rasmufsjn. dearly be-
loved wife of C. RasmuFSin. mother of Fred-
erick C Mcta and Arthur F. Ilasmuss?n,
and sister of P.. Fred, G. and Jorgensen
Itasmuieen and Mrs. J. P. Kofod. a native
of Denmark, aged 47 years 11 months and
27 days. A member of Inter Nos Circle No.
215. C. of F. of A. (Helena, Mont., papers
please copy.)
|T-Filen<ls nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
Xovembor 17. at 10 o'clock, from-her late
residence 141 Dore street. Interment Cy-
- press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral j
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SELLON—In this cityi November 14. 1903,
Edwin P.. Sellon. beloved husband of Joyce
Sellon and father of Anna I_, Mary J. and
Edward L. Sellon, a native of California,
aged 48 years.
SHULA—In this city. November 14. 1003, An-
ton Thomas, beloved son of Anton and Alice
A E Shula, and grandson of Thomas and
Jessie Howell. a native of San Francisco,
aged 0 years 5 months and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandparents, 32i< Fremont street, be-
tween FoJsom and Harrison. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITHLAND—In *hls city, November 14,
1903, Jane Smlthland, beloved sister of Wil-
liam Murray, a native of County Down, Ire-
lend, a_ed 70 years.
B-TFrientfs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 130 Twenty-eighth street, between
Dolores and Church, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the-repose of her soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SYLE—In Oakland, November 14. 1003, Pro-
fessor L Du Pont Syle, beloved husband-of
Edith Syle, and father of.Elizabeth B. Syle,
aged 45 ytars.
THOMAS—In Reno, Nev.. November 12. 1003,
Richard L. Thomas, husband of Ida A.
Thoma3, and beloved father of W. H. and
Bessie E. Thomas.
TIERNEY —At the Holy Family Convent, No-
vember 15. 1903. Sister M. Rosalia Tierney.
niece of Mrs. Pembroke of Port Costa, and
sister of Adeline and Anna Tierney.
ICT'A requiem mass will be pftered for the
repose of her soul in the Convent Chapel
Tuesday mornine, at 0 o'clock.
WALSH—In this city, November 14. 1003,
Stephen, beloved son of Julia and the late
Stephen C. Walsh, and brother of Nicholas,
Frank and Rose Walsh and Mrs. W. A.
Blakely, a native of San Francisco, aged __
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C. O'Connor & Co., 767^Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock tmin from Third and Townsena .
streets. .¦¦'.'¦, • '
ZIEGELMEYER—:lri" this city, November 14,
lfltt'J, Anton Zlegelmeyer. beloved husband of
the late Mary Zlegelmeyer. father of Mrs.
R. J Espel. and grandfather of Mrs. W. H.
Pratt, a .native of Alsace. 'aged 79 years 6
months and . 24 days. A member of St.
Peter's and St. Paulus* D. R. K. Unterstut-
zungs Vercin.
C-TFMend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, .from his late
residence, 1528 Golden Gate avenue,' between
Pierce and Scott streets, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE semi-annual requiem high maes for de-
ceased members and deceased friends of liv-
ing members of St. Joseph's Union will be
celebrated- in St. 1 Mary's Cathedral on
Wednesday. November 18, at 10 o'clock. The
sermon will be preached by the Rev. M. J.
Carey. C. P. S. •
-^^C Dr.R.L.Walsh
jB/«V|~ »t ais fermtr eflees
«& * 847 Geary SL
I irest" j cppoiHt fltntogt Hall.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . ... . 25c
.Fillings 50c
Crowns: .... . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
LOOS TOS THIS AD. EACH OTHtt OAT.
¦
.
:
. . ¦- ¦ ¦ - . -
RAILWAY TBAVEL.Stabbed Dnring Street Fight.
William Armstrong was arrested
early yesterday morning and charged
with assault to commit murder. He is
accused of having stabbed Henry Hen
rich during a street fight at Third and
Katoma streets. Henrlch's wound Is
not a serious one.
All the world's a stage, and the rush
toward the footlights is bo general that
there Is nobody left to rlne down the
curtain.
PBEMMINARY HEARING
IN LAND FRAUD CASES
Assistant Attorney General Heney
Returns From Portland, Where
He Represented Prosecution.
Francis J. Heney, Assistant Attorney
General of the United States, arrived
In this city yesterday from Portland,
where he has for the last week of
ficiated as prosecuting attorney in the
land fraud cases pending in that city.
The cases at present before the court
are the first dealing with a series of
extensive land frauds, and though up
to the present time there have been
no actual decisions rendered, the pre
liminary hearings have caused consid
erable speculation as to what these de
cisions will be.
The demurrers to indictments have
been argued and Judge Bellinger said
he would be able to decide them' by
Wednesday of this week. The indict
ments will be sustained and the cases
will be tried early in December in
Portland.
The defendants are Horace G. Mc-
Kinley, S. A- D. Peuter. M. L. Watson,
Gus Huff and Marie Ware.
Miss Ware is at present holding the
position of United States Commission
er, having succeeded her fathed to that
position some months past.
The land under discussion is situated
a few miles south of Bohemia, near
Cottage Grove, Or., and it is alleged
that Miss Ware, who is a great friend
of Peuter, forged signatures to several
deeds, after which the property was
sold to Clyde Lloyd.
Peuter is an old timer, with quite a
record, and is supposed to have backed
the scheme financially. ;i !>»-
Hurley Is Not Positive.
J. T. Hurley, a grocer at Webster and
Hayes streets, who was held up In his
store by two masked robbers on the
night of November 4 and relieved of
about $125, took a look in the City
Prison yeserday at Ernest L. Good and
Lester Good, the two men suspected of
holding up the conductor and gripman
of a Hayes-street car on Friday night.
Hurley eaid the men in. general appear
ance answered the description of the
two footpads who robbed him; and al
! though he was "morally certain they
were the men, he would not positively
. swear to It. Detectives Dinan and
i Wren are still working on the case of
I the car. hold-up.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggist*. BOc flask. Richard & Co.. 40C Clay.*
MEETS DEATIT. IN BAY.
Unidentified Man Falls From Wliarf
and Is Drowned.
An unidentified man fell into the bay
yesterday afternoon at the foot of Mis
sion street and was drowned. Whether
he lost his batlance and fell overboard,
or whether it was a direct case of sui
cide is not known. If it was a case of
suicide, man took an unusual time
and place for the act, as the dock was
crowded with people at the time. Men,
women and children rushed to the res
cue and threw boards, empty crates
and gang planks into the water near
the unfortunate man. I
Long ropes were procured, but the
strong ebbing tide carried the drowning
man toward the ferry slip. From the
ferry-boat Oakland a rowboat put out.
The man in the water was seized, but
died as he was hauled on board the
boat. He was about 70 years of age
and poorly but. neatly clad. Nothing
was found to give a clew to his iden
tity. ' He had a silver watch, a pair of
spectacles' and several lottery tickets,
but no money.
The body was conveyed to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital and thence to
the Morgue.
PERSONAX MENTION.
M. E. Clowe, a rancher of Tolo, is at
the Grand.
Dr. L. A. Martin of New York is stay
ing at the Grand. .
• H. E. Picket, a mining man of Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
J. A. Breuner. an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
J. B. Carrington, a publisher of New
York, is at the Occidental.
A. Barine Gould, a mining man of
Placerville, is at the Palace.
E. C. Barren, a wheat grower of
Colusa, is registered at the Grand.
F. E. Shaw, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., arrived at the Palace yesterday.
John Birmingham, the well-known
powder man of Pinole, is at the Palace.
Judge E. Fenton of Nome arrived
from the north yesterday and is at the
Occidental.
Governor and Mrs. Pardee arrived
on the late train from Sacramento last
6'venlng and are registered" at the Pal
ace. •
A Crystal Palace.
In the establishment of Nathan-Dohr
mann Co. on Sutter street is. a new
crystal room, which is the best and
largest In the United States. The wood
work is entirely of weathered oak and
the lighting feature is especially good.
In this room is displayed a $100,000
stock of cut glass, rock crystal, Bohe
mian and Quezal . glass. Every lady in
San Francisco should visit the exhibit,
and' no one should select a wedding gift
or a Christmas token without seeing it.
This firm Is the exclusive agent for the
celebrated I^ibbey cut glass, as well as
tho best English makes.
Tyndall Lectures on Success.
A large audience attended the psy
chological lecture on "The Elements of
Success," by Dr. Alex.^ J. Mclvor-
Tyndall at Steinway .Hall last night.
Dr. .Tyndall treated the subject of suc
cess from the standpoint of psychology,
and spoke of the two kinds of success
that we see manifested on the ma
terial plane. ¦ The demonstrations that
foHowed were particularly convincing,
and many of them were startling
enough to be; regarded as magic. The
naming of a word and page in a closed
book, and the successful naming of
the numbers on a bank : note In the
pocket; of a' member of the • committee'
were i experiments that 'aroused « great
enthusiasm and applause. . Next Sun
day evening; Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall will
again;talk;ph the subject of "Thought
Transference and Telepathy.":
Senator Platt laa great boss in politics,
but his enemies may now see hla feathers
faU " —
Snailham had his encounter in a
south of Market street saloon. He re
pented the love speeches uttered by a
hanger-on of the place and informed
the latter that the subject of his con
versation was already "won." A fight
ensued and Snailham hit his man so
hard that he was forced to go to the
hospital to have his hand treated.
The aftermath of the telephone girls'
ball on Saturday night was hardly a
happy occasion for R. W. Burton, an
Iron worker, and Thomas Snailham. an
erstwhile prize fighter. Both wound up
at the Emergency Hospital yesterday
morning, Burton to be treated for
bruises inflicted by a gang of jilted
swains and Snailham for a broken
finger, resulting from a beating he ad
ministered to a youth . who dared ex
press his affections for a cay "hello"
girL The trouble in both instances
started at the telephone girls' balL
Burton was picked up at the corner
of Gough and Fulton Btreets, where he
had lain for some time in an uncon
scious condition. According to his story
he was attacked by three men who be
came jealous of his attentions to one
of the fair attendants at the telephone
girls' ball. After giving Burton a sound
thrashing the men ran away, leaving
their victim to recover as best he
could.
FIGHT OVEB "HELLO" GIBI/S.
Two Men Have Sad Experiences as
the Result of Ball.
Hughes, who is a ticket agent for the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
had been attending the telephone girls'
ball at the Pavilion on Saturday night.
On Sunday morning at 6 o'clock, the
revelries of the occasion having come to
an end, Hughes started to go home.
Ab he was walking toward City Hall
avenue he noticed that he was being
followed by four or five men. As he
turned the corner into the avenue one
of the men struck him a powerful blow
on the face, which stunned him mo
mentarily, and before he could regain
his senses the whole gang jumped on
him and gave him a terrific beating,
They hit him on the head and felled
him to the sidewalk, where they left
him unconscious. In this condition he
was found by passersby and conveyed
to the Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
Armistead dressed his wounds, which
were of a serious but not dangerous
character. When he regained conscious^
ness he stated he had been robbed of
bis hat, a new overcoat, a diamond
ccarfpln and a purse containing $14.
Later in the day he recovered suffi
ciently to be removed to his r£&id*nce,
330 Lexington avenue.
Henry G. Hughes was severely beaten
and robbed at an early hour yesterday
morning in front of the City Hall, and
is laid up from the effects of the in
juries he received.
The officials of the company at the
car house did all in their power to keep
the facts of the collision a secret. They
stated that no one had been hurt and
even went so far as to say that ; the
wagon was not wrecked.
Patrolman McHugh of the Mission
Street Police Station was near the
scene when the collision occurred. He
called up the ambulances from the two
hospitals named and had the patients
removed. McHugh reported the mat
ter to the station, but no arrests were
made.
John Parker of 980 China avenue,
driver of ,the wrecked wagon, had a
miraculous escape from death. Ac
cording to his story he was returning
from town and about 6:45 o'clock was
rounding the turn near College Hill
when the car struck him. He was
pitched several feet into the air, but
luckily escaped injury. His horse was
also uninjured, but the wagon was
smashed into splinters.
The car was in charge of Motorman
F. E. McCall and Conductor J. B. Hay.
McCall states that he did not see the
wagon till he rounded the turn. As
soon as he perceived the danger he ap
plied the brakes, but before the car
could be brought to a standstill the
collision occurred.
As electric car No." 1005 of the Mis
sion street line was rounding a sharp
curve at College Hill, near the Ingleside
track, on its way to town late yester
day afternoon, it collided with a* ped
dler's wagon, smashine- the vehicle to
splinters and injuring three of the pas
sengers on the car. ,The car, which 'is
one of the largest on the line, hit the
wagon with such force that the pas
sengers were thrown violently about
and a panic ensued. Luckily there
were only a few persons on thecar at
the. time, otherwise the accident might
have proved a fatal one.
The injured are Evan Jackson of 15
Stanley; place, a special policeman em
ployed by the Southern Pacific; M.
Ciarie, a laborer employed a^ Golden
Gate Park, and J. H. Lord, a carpen
ter, of 3662 Sixteenth street. Jackson
suffered a fracture of one of the bones
of his right leg besides internal in
juries which may prove serious. Clarle
was Jpadly bruised on the body, while
Lord received a severe shaking up and
may be suffering from internal injuries.
Jackson and Ciarie- were taken to the
Railroad Hospital and Lord to St.
Luke's.
Captain George Washington Ruthers,
United States army, whose elopement,
secret marriage and legal separation
from' his young and pretty bride are in
cidents of his life that have been crowd
ed together into a very short space
of time- and have furnished interesting
reading matter to his many friends. Is
at the Occidental Hotel. But a_few
months ago he departed for the .rnn
ippines, a happy husband and \vitn
mind filled with plans for his future
married life. Yesterday he returned on
the transport Logan, legally shorn of a
husband's responsibilities and loo 1 ™
a bit dejected in spirit as he entered tne
hotel and affixed his signature on the
register, the pages of which, only a
brief period back, bore the name oi
'•Captain Ruthers and wife."
Captain Ruthers' elopement to ban
Jose with Miss Gladys Dorsey, daugh
ter of Attorney John Webster Dorsey
and Mattie BrinkerhofT Dorsey.the well
known miniature painter, was quite an
interesting affair, at least to the friends
of the young couple, as well as dis
tressing to the young woman's parents,
who, it seems, were not advised of her
matrimonial intentions until home 'time
after the marriage had been quietly cel
ebrated. Meanwhile Captain Ruthers
hud departed for the Philiplpnes and
his military associates there were look
ing forward to the time when his young
bride would join him, when the unex
pected news came to them that Mrs.
Ruthers had already taken step3 to have
her marriage annulled. Her ground for
action was that at the time of her
marriage she had not attained her ma
jority.
Mrs. Ruthers' suit for annulment
was filed in April. The captain,
unable to journey here, was rep
resented in court by Attorney ' Spill
man, who announced the determi
nation of his client to fight his wife's
suit. Having clearly established her
claim, however, Judge Hftbbard, on
September 18, granted the young wife's
prayer and Gladys Dorsey returned to
the home of her mother, while a letter
conveyed to Captain Rutners'the news
of his loss. • \
At the time that the captain and
Miss Dorsey planned their elopement
her mother and father were plaintiff
and defendant In a divorce suit in this
city.
The officers of the union are making
every effort to ascertain the identity
of the suicide and hope by a thorough
search of the records of the organiza
tion tc learn whose body it was that
lay for sc many months the prey of
weather and decomposition until all
traces of what he once was were wiped
away.
At first it was supposed that the dead
man was John P. Bell, formerly secre
tary of the Pacific Coast Marine Fire
men's Union, who was last seen on
May 30. After his disappearance it
was discovered that he was short $1700 #
in His Hccounts. Since the day when
he went out ol the lives of his wife,
mother and comrades not the slightest
word has been received from him.
No one knows whether he is alive or
dead. His wife, distracted with uncer
tainty, went to the Morgue yesterday
under the escort of Detective Tom Cole
man to see if she could Identify the
remains as those of her husband. From
the description of the clothing and the
contents of the pockets she immediately
became assured that -the body was not
that of her husband. When he left
home he had no overcoat and the um
brella was not his. Neither did the
clothing correspond to that worn by
him when "he disappeared. His mother,
when seen ot hei home at Ninth and
Mission streets, was equally positive
that the body could not be that of her
son.
The grewsome find was made hy
John Landini of 1207 Stanyan street
and George Prosek of 1215 Stanyan
street. They had gone to the forest to
pick mushrooms and midway between
the Affiliated Colleges and the Alms
house they came across the headless
trunk, lying at the base of a little
knoll. Above dangled a light rope with
a noose at the end. Further search
disclosed the head, some twelve feet
away from the body. They ran from
the shadows of the forest and tele
phoned to the Coroner's office. Deputy
Coroner Brown went at once to the
scene and took charge of the body.
CLOTHING BEARS NO MARKS.
Alongside of the tree from which
dangled the rope was found a heavy
chinchilla overcoat. The body was
dressed In a dark brown coat of cheap
material, fustian jacket, dark striped
trousers and gray waistcoat. As far
as could be ascertained the underwear
was of rough material.
In the pockets of the coat were found
an empty pocketbook, a memorandum
book without .any trace of writing, a
copy of the constitution and by-laws of
the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union and a certificate of membership
in the union. Apparently the name of
the member and the date of his admis
sion, which had originally been written
in ink, had been erased with a knife.
Instead was scrawled across the face
of the certificate the pathetic message,
unsigned. "If you want to bury me,
I'm thankful to you." The handwrit
ing gave evidences of extreme nerv
ousness, as though the writer were ap
palled at the swift plunge Into eternity
he was about to make.
A close examination of the .erased
certificate failed to reveal the slightest
clew to the name. On the date line
could be deciphered the letter "J,"
which may have been January before
the erasure. Rain and wind had dealt
hardly with the clothing and no mark
could be deciphered on any of it^ Noth
ing but the bare bones of the skeleton
and* the grinning face of the skull re
mained to tell of one who found the
burden of life too heavy to bear and
chose the shadows of a forest and a
hangman's knot to solve the problem
of the herealter.
IS NOT BELL'S BODY.
Spectrally swaying from the limb of
a tree in Sutro forest the dead body of
an unidentified man hung until natural
decomposition parted the head and
trunk of the corpse. Then the trunk
rolled off In one direction and the head
in another. The looped rope, hanging
from the limb, alone gave mute evi
dence of the cause of the tragedy.
Whoever it was who gave himself up
to death deliberately months ago in the
dim shadows of the wood, he over
looked not the smallest detail that
would prevent his identity from be
coming known. In the clothing of the
dead man there was nothing by which
It could be learned what man had ten
anted the bundle of rags enwrapping
the grisly skeleton.
According to the stories told by the
two men in custody, Shaughneasy came
to their room, at 606 Howard street,
¦about 4 o'clock yesterday morning.
Abcrai 11 o'clock Doyle went out to
purchase some whisky and • upon his
return endeavored to awake Shaugh
nessy, but without success. Dr. A. P.
Poaps was summoned and upon ex
amination found that Shaughnessy was
in a dangerous condition and advised
his removal to the hospital. The am
bulance was summoned, but the uncon
scious man. died before reaching the
hospital.
The Coroner's office was notified and
the body removed to the Morgue. The
body was identitled by two brothers of
the dead man, William and George
Shaughnessy, who stated that they had
last seen their brother alive at 9 o'clock
Saturday night in company with a
woman named Harper, in a lodging
house on Fourth street, below Bryant.
If the autopsy reveals the fact that
death was due to an overdose of mor
phine, the police, up to the present,
time, are at sea as to a motive for
murder. If the drug was not self ad
ministered. It has been learned that
Michael. Shaughnessy, a brother of the
dead man, who recently returned from
Alaska, may have given him some
money. Thfa would be sufficient induce
ment to many ex-convicts now sojourn
ing in the city to put him out of the
way by the use of a method with which
they are familiar.
Eight years ago a saloon-keeper on
Howard street named Hughes was ar
rested for battery upon Shaughnessy's
father. While Hughes jvas waiting out
side Judge Conlan's Courtroom in the
City Hall for the case to be called
Shaughnessy shot him, inflicting a seri
ous wound. Shaughnessy was arrested
on a charge of assault to murder and
was convicted by a jury in Judge Law
lor's Court. His defense was that
Hughes attacked his father with an
Icepick and he was justified In shooting
his victim. He was sentenced to eight
years' Imprisonment in San Quentln
and was released about one year ago.
John Shaughnessy, a well-known ex
convict, who came into prominence
during the legislative investigation of
the abuses of the stralghtjacket at the
State penitentiaries by reason of the
fact that both of his hands were per
manently crippled by the use of the in
strument oX torture, died yesterday
afternoon while en route to the Central
Emergency Hospital, under peculiar
circumstances, and the physicians say
that death was due from • an overdose
of morphine. Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahey. are investigating the case,
and as a result Oliver P. Danis, alias
"Black Pat." and Billy Doyle, ex-con
victs, are beine detained at the City
Prison on suspicion of having caused
Shaughnessy's death.
Is Attacked by Vicious Gang
When Returning From
Ball.
Driver of the Vehicle ; Has a
Narrow Escape From
Instant Death.
Dies En Route to the Hos
pital From Morphine
Poisoning.
Grim Evidence of Hanging
Meets Eyes of Mush
room Gatherers.
Court • Severs Matrimonial
Bonds While Husband
Is in Manila.
H. G. Hughes Beaten Into
Unconsciousness
and Robbed.
Young Army Captain's
Return Recalls Re
cent Elopement.
Suicide's Body Found
in Shadows of the
Sutro Wood.
Mystery Veils Death of
Ex-Convict John
Shaughnessy.
Big Electric Car Crashes
Into a Wagon Near
. Ingleside. v
THUGS ASSAULT
RAILROAD CLERK
FOREST YIELDS
GRISLY SECRET
THREE INJURED
IN A COLLISION
RUTHERS' HOME
MINUS A WIFE
MAY BE VICTIM
OF FOUL PLAY
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1903.
12
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
MATBIMOMTAI,
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TTJBKEY
You'll Roar "With Laughter at
This Story in the
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
a \%
\Jr 0 flv^-4 — rf 1 — » 4^
14C b
This scientific gerniidde is abso-
lutely harmless; it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by 1 leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and km that
e»ch bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
•1.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
Send /or JJocllet
CO Prince St. - ZTew Tozk
No more wakeful nights if you
give your baby Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food babies sleep
well.
MELLINS FOOD CO, BOSTON. MASS.
r^^lZ™^™* 0 ™'**'*
RADWAY'S READY UELICP has stood
uurituled before tlie public for 30 years as a
I'ain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures u'.l Colds, £ore Throats. Influenza., Bron-
chitis, Pr.eumonJa, RbcumaUsm, Nturalpia,
lifb'achr. Tootbacoe and all pain. Internally
for il*!tr:a and all Bowel Pains. All druj-gitts.
here and 'flll your aevja a ¦^¦¦^ -—g-— any article purchased
We do not belone to the gTocery association, and we want every Individual In Cali-
fornia to know It. We run our own business, and will continue to. We hope our custo-
mers and the public generally will stand by us in this flght. We are gettlnff a legitimate
profit, and a profit we are satisfied with. If you are tired , of paying two prlc*» for your
family groceries, come here. Here is a list of groceries simply below manufacturers or
packers' prices to most dealers of the grocery association. You can buy a case, or you
can buy a can at these wholesale prices. It will not require much more time for you to
come to this bis: wholesale grocery than It would for you to 6tor> around the corner to the
association grocer.
. „ ,_.._.. ---- . 1000 sks. Pure Cane Granulated Sugar, reg. 18 lbs. $1: g^^w^^wwi^,
rtCugSjggn ' our price on orders, 20 lbs Sl.OO rufigggSfaan
i SfT^ft?? \ ?0 ° h"^ e s Finest Salinas Burbank Potatoes, reg. $1.40;_ < I&£j!&?3i I
! I 1 solid car Host California Mission Flour, reg. $1.-10; our * W '|i« \
! ClI]n3Ei£2 I 1000 sqs. California Finest Creamery nutter, rrg. 60c; ' jisS&ECiffi C
' S"TT>? f l3 c our prico, -tr>o; 2 for 85c ijsiitfwf f
; ffi&XZSti J W ca.«es California Full Croamery Butter, rPR. BOc; our gffitSfcy&ftf >
$£*£&$ > 06 cases Pure Fruit, jellies. Jama or Prfserves; 3 large^ t^Sraerias) ?
T~JJ^^JJ3L# glasses 25c V^wwaa/
3 bbls. Loose Mince Meat: finest goods made; Ions as It
. i lasts, 3 lbs 25c
awawa oo dcz. Finest Stuffed Oilves; 3 for U5c; Queon Olives, £rKHZ3p£cHp}
5K!3^i?^^3 \ r>er f>ot., rep. 40c, now 20c ) «§1l*h!^^ j
I &X^3vt^S i 10 sks. Kinfst I.onR Oraln nice. rear. 15c. 7 Its., fiOc; I ? ( &T»W# S
**^«*^ .Crarked Rice, 10 lbs 50c < '/a^pSiig ?
; S 4W cans Imp - Mushrooms, large cans; lonp: as thtey last, J&^SIIb?'' >
! ? "~' n cases Very Finest Western Corn, .T cans il.1c; doz..,OKc 1 ?
' c&M~MZ:[k i <00 cases California :t-lb. cans Best Tomatoes, per doz..l>5c Jpyjrfti? <
' s»*?i2?iss < f>4 cases Devilol or Potted Hnm. ~ cans U."»c ) BapJ«ViK S
' !k^kS 3 * cases Curry Powder, reg-. 51. 00 size, now <l.1o; T.'.c size, > i^'vSSwg 5
Ka^SBSsSS I now 45c I 'n!".^^? 3
x — »«~>^»>^^ 96 cases Toilet Paper; long as It lasts, 4 rolls IMic
65 cases Maple- Syrup, gal.. 8Oc; >4 gal., 4Oc; % gal... 25c
j^v^^v^^- 41 cases New Orltans^ Finest Molasses, cal. can, SOc; % yojo^o^A;
J^^^^g S 30 cases Malted 'Jlilk* Tabicts and Malted Food, reg. r>6c ' 5^p^^^ '
(cS5T^^ I 3 large 'imp. Pipes Queen Olives. 300 cal.; p<*r gal., >? jr ;|[S;vr,t
l^^Cg^^ > -\ Ve w |j| have 3"<iO of the Finest California Turkeys for j|®Sf?S \
5|$*?nK-£ i ThanksglvlriK at prices below competitors; also wo ' }R*^3^,^ft l
' fi&>*^«L 0^ < wi " nave a l ar S e supply of all kinds of Dressed jp**^' t5 \
ntVrft&Sm 2 1S00 doz. California Finest Ranch Eggs, ree:. COc; our J B.tiSi£5i&a j
V-*wvx'»~rf price S5e
100O doz. Good Fresh Store Eggs, reg.. 45c; our price i»Oc
ju-***s<^r> k j*jss\- H arUTn » Finest Kona Coffee, this week only, 4' lbs., i5ii^*v^»^/*,
< 1 1-l drums Xo. t Mocha and Java Coffee, re*. :;."csraile;our < ffi+^ttp \
1 a£j76*a I *& car Pennsylvania Buckwheat Flour; Ions; as It lasts, (3 I p^JftT$;<; \
| \ 6 full cases M. J. Brandensteln's M. & J. Coffee; their ' 5M'33E»§ >
iiTtT?**! C largest cans now per can 3 1 .OO ' W^Si '"P>1/ t
' i*r&&O/M 5 ! ton Pure Maple Sugar; long as It lasts. 3 lbs :t5c , z&fflSff'&Jj S
gj^S^™ S C cases Imp. Breeze Cheese, reg. 40c; our price, jar.HOe; i v*i\i& r £%; ?
l \^^yx^n^^^^J 11 cases Finest Sliced' Apricots packed; 3 cans, 25c; bet- tnnwvwj
ter buy early.
6 large bars Ammonia Borax Soap 25e 52 bars Finest Toilet Soap 81.00
25 bars Ammonia Borax Soap $1.00 3 cans Golden Gate Lunch Tongue «JOc
8 large bars Eastern Best Soap 25c Breakfast Cocoa, reg. 23c and 30c. now..2Oe
33 bars Eastern Best Soap 91. OO Lb. can Ground Chocolate 25c: 2 cans 4f>e
Cross & Blackwell's Mixed Pickles 2Oc 2 lbs. Finest Almonds 25c
2 1-qt. bot. Chow-Chow 45c O lbs. Small White or Red Beans Hoc
3 pkgs. Fine Mince Meat 25c « lbs. Bayo, .7 lbs. Pink Beans ItBe
$1.25 bot. Vanilla or I^emon Extract... .O5c 5 lbs. White or Black Figs ; 25c
65c bot. Vanilla or Lemon Extract 35c C lbs. large French Prunes 25c
2 25c bot. Prepared Mustard 2Oc 15 lbs. Nice Large German Prunes 25o
Pure. Olive Oil. pts.. 35c; qts ....<S5c 3 5c-eks.;Salt lOc
Finest Salad Oil. qts., 25c; gal T5c 4 cans Assorted Spices :iOe
6 cans Baltimore Oysters - .45c Pure Spices, all kinds Ib .'. 2Kc
3 1-lb/pkgs. Raisins. Seeded *. . .2Bc Very Good Teas Slbs 82.OO
10 gross Finest Toilet Soap, bar 2o ' "
7 pkgs. Cleaned Currants SOc Nice Cranberries, per qt... lOc
20 cases Assorted Soups, per can 5c Most all Bakine Powders Ib 35c
Reg. 30c can Asparagus, now 2Oc 10-lb. «k. Flour ' ',. 25c
4 cans Deep Red. Salmon .35c Yellow or White CornmVaV. 'sk! '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. litSe
B, B. Beans, can. 5c 3 Carnation or R. R. Cream 25c
100 2-gaI. palls Finest Table DrlD Sjtud; better order-
f«<~~~^«^y^ quick; each 85c j*~~»~«i~«».
\ p^s^tcSSja i 3S chests Finest Imp. New Teas; tea stores' price "*lb° f|S!gMlj5ga )
1 rfitjiS&xa !' SOc; Uncolored Japan. Spiderleg Jaoan. ' Gunpowder mZ&e€n <
' ' lb° l0 45c- Y % U lbs HySOn * Ceylon and English Breakfast; P^P^W \
tfiKKvirnrli \ 11 eks.' Fresh Roasted Santos 'c'o'ftee';"i6' lbs.'.' «i"<|4> >
B^f^^a < 3 cans Fine Eastern Peas; long as they last •¦¦•••' UIEEISJIB3 i
1 m*%\LM£'M S Incases Stringless Beans: 3 cans "'"""25c iPSlTW^Jn >
i Kb2^3[6£| i tt cans Imo - Sardines. BOc: ner doz .'.".' Ufic i S
MjfcJSWiaW i' New 3-lb. can Peaches; rei;. 15c: 3 cans *3Oc i j^^c^fWl >
VB^J AGREATop^ Q urs iT T Y Hrs o w E T i^ 1^™SJ
Kcl J1:8K:«^^;^.^:::::;'>.SS
$1.50 Angelica Wlne.vgral. l>Oc $j.co Fine Old Gin . 50c
7-year-old. Baltimore Bourbon, gal * 1.7t5~ $1.00 bot, Silver Crescent Whisky.:... BOc
Holland Gin. Into.. -gal. g 2.r» O Absinthe, per bot OOc
BiaekWerry Brandy, gal ....,..*J.OO 35c bot . Port or sherry. ...,...:....... 2Oc
$5^or.tcU AVhlsky, „ . . *2.-"i« 0-year-old McBrayer Whisky, bot. .... OOc
Old Forester Gin, gal ...91.1(5 25c bot. ' Claret . 15c
$1 bot. College Club Whisky........... 5Oc $1.25 bot. Stomach Bitters. " now .'.'. i!'! 75c
75c Claret gal... ••«.;% ! 10 ° Pe ach Brandy ...^. ........... 5Oc
Old Tom Gin, gal .$.£.«.•> $i.0O bot Jamaica Rum thin week ¦ «Oe
; $1.25 bot Malt Whieky. - 5«>c $1.25 Irish c^lcotch Whisky, bift '. VA «Oc
8-year-old Brandy, gai. .......^.. .... .*;4.OO $4 to $5 Bourbon or Rye Whisky ...... «2.5O
$.1 to H Bourbon or Rye Whisky f 2 *- 1 " $5 to $0. Bourbon or Rye Whisky.. . S3.OO
$5 Irish Whisky, gal... r.vfe" fl-25 O. P. S. Whisky/ bot.. .T!T
Imp. Jamaica Rum. gal........ 92.<5 $1.00 bot. Rock and Rve ¦ BOc*
Imp. Vermouth, gal. ......; .: . . .J1.5O $1.25 full qt. Fernet " " '.'. ' }>Oc
Old Apricot Brandy gal........ V .....*2.OO »-year-old Old Crow Whisky, bot.....'. OOc
Old Kentucky Whisky, gal *1.«.> California Beers doz '» • II 10
5-year-old Maryland Rye..gaI.........$l.O5 $1.10 Apricot Brandy'.':.' '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.V.'.^ «Oc
;. -Free delivery to all . p'arts of city and suburbs. Including all placed 1 within 100 miles
Orders sent to us by mall during, these six days will be. filled and shipped promptly. We
are giving, you, the advantage or our.great buying Dower for tRlu week - - •
1049 Market St., bet. Cth and 7th. opposite Jones , or . McAllister sts. or Htbernla . Bank.
. Phone South-804.;. - ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For fun — for dinner favors
gOLDBERB
BQWEN
Jk CO.
BON BGNS
0OLDBERB
BQWEN
& GO
Matches— Vulcan • i 40c
500 in box — reg'ly 50c dizea
Mackerel $2 50
New catch— breakfast delicacy
reg'ly $3— « Ib kit
Ginger — Preserved tOC
China — selected stems COC
reg'ly 35c— 70c jar
Orange Marmalade aa#c
Keiller- Dundee— «g'|y 35c Jar
Pudding moulds
Heavy block tin
With tube Without tube
iqt aqt 3qt iqt I aqt | 3qt
Special 35c 45c 50c 30c I 35c I 40c
Reg'ly 50c 60c 65c 45c I 30c I 53c
Door matS-Cocoa—best *ra<ia
Special $ 85 1 05 1 »5 1 70 3 10I2 <j[3 ej
Reg'ly 1001 251501002 30I3 oc]3 50
Talcum powder— Colgate 15c
Purified antiseptic
Toilet ammonia »5c
Violet— lavender—
reg'ly 30c bottle
Carving sets
Game carvers^-poultry shears—
. German. English and American steel*
If you want a good set buy It here
Liquor Department
Whisky 3^ r 5a
G. B. & Co. O. K. Bourbon . 3
As pure as any we sell —
regMy |i bottle— $4 gallon
Rock and rye . $z
Good for colds— reg'ly $1 25 bottle
Brandy — California, 75c
For mincemeat — $2
pium pudding sauce—
re^'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon
Port — California 50c
Private Stock— fruity flavor— £2
reg'ly 75c bottle— $2 50 gallon '
Claret — Zinfandel 40c
Good table wine—
reg'ly 50c gallon
Cider gai 50c
Pure apple juice
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2819 California San Franclico
13th and Cla- Streets Oakland
end of a to wllne. she was worth fuuy
$100,000. . 7*
©IERCES
X^ FAVORITE
PRESCRIPTION
IB. FOR WEAK WOMEM.
—DELICATE FEASTING-
Malaga raisins — mammoth
pecans— walnuts^-chestnuts
—glace'citron— mince-meat
—Smyrna f i g s— marron's
g 1 a c e— p 1 u m p ud d i n g—
seeded raisins — cleaned
currants— crystalized f r ui t s
—Bar Le Due currants.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Ceylon tea—Bee brand
reg'ly specia!
Coombra "Queen Bee"-$i Ib 8oc
Aroowella 8oc Ib
Ancoombra 6oc Ib 45c
Palamcotia 5OC ib
Coffee — Guatemala aoc
Good strength — reg'ly 25c Ib
Macaroni— La FavorUa
Spaghetti— ve-Tilce!li— 2 Ib 25c
letters and numbers — reg'ly 15c Ib
Sardines — Teyssonneau IOC
Boneless— reg'ly i2#c can
Shelled Almonds—/<?nk»
Wholesale, price formerly 65c Ib 5OC
Prunes— -California 4 lbs 25C
Wholesome for breakfast—
reg'ly 3 lbs 25c
Pineapple— Florida 2 cans 25c
Cocktail and grated —
Maple Syrup— Hazen \ 65c
reg'ly 75c H gallon
S 0 UpS — Franco- A meriean
17 kinds— no chicken 3 cans 5OC
all delicious— reg'ly 20c pint can
Smyrna flgS— London Layers
New season 's-7-reg'ly 20c Ib 1 5 c
Sauerkraut— imported 4 lbs 25c
Bovril— Fluid Beef Extract
Strengthens vitality-a oz reg'ly 35c }OC
Very palatable— 4 oz reg'ly ! 65 C 55c
OHveS— Manzanilla : < 15c
Rich in oil— reg'ly 20c qt f j ¦,
Hickory nuts . ib 15c
New shell barks
Always Remember the Pull Name
laxative t&romo Qr^nine
Cures « Cold In One Day, Crfpfa 2 Days
Specials This Week
• • • • n» uun • • . •
Silk Department
f£CZg% f Of] Pieces 21-INCH COLORED PEAU DE
vJv LAJ soiE, in all me leadlnu shades, also
tabd. i Cream and White.
<£I rtfl M pleCeS 2I " INCH BLACK PEAU DE
tpl.UU \ 1 u SOIE, extra heavu aualltD and hlgli
tabd. I luster, guaranteed to wear.
<U| f|A [00 P^ces 24-INCH COLORED CREPE DE
\pl«UU \ LL CHINE, all pure silk and Yeru High
tabd. I finish, ahout 15 different shades.
¦7*?** f 1^ pleces BLACK PEAU DE S °IE, 21
/ \3\* \ 1 U inches wide, all pure silk and high
tabd. I ; mster.
ft£/i f 0Q E lec8S Extra HeaY^ Quality BLACK
Out* - LO TAFFETA, 23 inches wide, guaran-
YABD - I teed to wear.
¦JT E! C J 1 JT pieces 21-lnch BLACK TAFFETA—
/ %J yd \ lua Yeru heaYu auallty.
OAC f Of) P leces BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, 21
UUyd t lXj inches wide.
r in pieces Metal Print Dotted VelYeteens,
7*?ft "tcU 22 inches wide, in naYU and white,
* ** v " hlack and white, hrown and whits
YABD * I and p ed and white, extra fine aualltt.
We have also received a full assortment ofEngllsh
Costume VelYeteens, 24 to 27 inches wide, hoth hiack
and colors- Prices 75c to $2.00 per nard.
TVT / TT V YT^ Orders by man receive prompt attention.
1 iv> 1 MZL/ All orders for samples or goods filled
ss and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 118, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET. -;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.