SAN'. FRANCISCO, THURSDAY/DECEMBER 3, 1903.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 3.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
AND OFFICIALS INVESTI
GATING HIS AFFAIRS.
.. "Wills, are' recorded; up;to December
30, 1901, 'but no work of -recording seems
to have; been.^nel'since, April .l,;1903.
with]the^exceptio*n_6fthe,Fai^ will's re
corded ;¦ November j 6; .*. 1903. , Six; months
of the" recorded: wills have riot been
compared;- and.'sd'are-riqt.properly filed
a.wa.y. • .-.-.; ..¦'.: "~.'<i'l:\,": . ?,- -:V-. ".':"-'¦
',:;''«We\ respectfully submit,, with 'f- all
'deference rjdue^ to £ thes Superior.;, Court;'
triat before^ making an "order remitting
fees the statements, of .thelattorneyirW
questing ».same '-be f ully) investigated ! by
.. "Since January 20, 1902, sorrie , hundred
or more days of varying; dates- docu
ments, have been \ recorded as occasion
might ; ar^ae, for anticipating .; a cause
and, giving. It; precedence over; the rou
tine work; The documents thus.record
ed ou£ of sequence have not been-'com
pared,' s but. f.are "z stowed ¦* away, 1 in the
desks of thecopylsts awaiting acorive
nient time; for.comparingthem.. A" large
number. of .borids^ are.. In -.the; same situ
ation,* having ;been> recorded, .ib*ut< not
properly : filed away' in .the vault owing
to \ their , ; not -v haying t been ; compared
"with; the record. :;:¦.- :¦
"During the, years 1895, ;1896 and up to
September. 30, -1897, ) a very .satisfactory
system, was in; vogue, but as resort was
had to downright dishonesty to defeat
it, much- peculation resulted,' ; which
wouldhaye been Impossible* but; 'for the
absolute^ and positive incompetence arid
neglect .which - characterized that ad
ministration.' ''.-''• '¦"',' V' I- 1 '."? 1
• "The 1 present; condition; of. this office
is deplorable, the .work beingfar, ln'ar
rears. This, however, is nota new con
dition, but; due. In: part to the fact ?that
much back .work was inherited from a
preceding* administration., ...
SUGGESTION . TO ? COURT.
counts of this office includes 15,000 dif
ferent items,- to each of which 'was
given^a ' separate investigation: - Every
recorded cash transaction- during j the
last - eight years has : been ¦ followed
throughout all the records.^ '•'>:-"¦ ¦ ' ¦'
• The report at ; the start" refers to the
conduct and affairs of the Probate de
partment covering the^ period • from
March 2S,- 1S95," the date o> the adoption
of the new fee bill, to July V 1903, 'and
states in "part: • '.',-,:.<..
According to the; report; 'the sum. of
.$36,000 alleged to be due the city repre
sents,, amounts due from .various
Isources,- and recovery will only.be pos
sible by legal action. Embezzlements
are shown in amounts entered In the
registers as paid . and not , carried to
the . cash books; [ also In schedules ¦ of
amounts—evidenced ;• by --receipts' of
Deputy County ¦ Clerks. i.whichi receipts
are . on file, or in the . hands of attor
neys, ,but which amounts have.- never
been , accounted / for. . One -, schedule
designates .large amounts - are
duein open The report Is a most
voluminous^dbcumeht, : and ' covers " 396
pages "of closely. typewritten", matter. -
The report of the records - and ac-
The report' alleges /that on July 1,
1903, i the office , of . John . Farnham, the
present Public : Administrator, owed to
the city or was responsible. to the city
for the sum of $1277 50.
The authors' of 'the report have
bandied the whole situation - of j the
County Clerk's office and all those im
mediately connected therewith In a
manner that shows no desire to over- ;
look anything.- The report being now
In the hands of the Finance Committee,
it remains with" that body to • say what
action shall bei taken in-the ¦ premises.
An unsavory Etate of affairs concern
ing the Public Administrator's office
as well . as . the office of the. County
Clerk is made public through ' the re
port of the Hassell Audit Company,
employed by. the city, to expert th'e
County Clerk's books. .This report was
filed yesterday . with the Finance .Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors. In
it the Hassell Audit; Company -alleges
that amounts, aggregating' $36,000 are
due the city: from: the- County, Clerk's
office, this sum representing peculations
of the last eight years and up to July
1, 1903,' the date: upon- which the In
vestigation'was concluded.
The management of the^affalrs of the
probate "department- comes, in for a
hauling over the coals and the'irregu
larities " of that, denartment occupy a
prominent part in the report.
In dealing with the alleged Irregu
larities' In the Public Administrator's
office the report says: "From the facts
disclosed". we-.- have* at times .thought
there may have been collusion between
the Public Administrator, j through his
attorneys, with the department^of the
Superior, Court to which his cases were
assigned, but this being so Improbable
we are prompted to say, that the court
has been imposed upon.'.'
NOTHING! OVERLOOKED.
Suggestions Made
to the Probate
Cm art
Public Jtdmiriistra
tor's Office Is
Scored.
After consulting with his attorneys
Receiver Currier said that the checks
would not be accepted. .This -decision
was made known also to the manager
of the Fresh Food Supply .of Zion,
which inclades-the butcher shop. In
a short time, when it had .become
known • throughout the city, -'¦ it occa
sioned a panic among. those of Dowie's
followers whose only assets are /'the
trade • checks. How these persons are
fo live during'the coming week,'unless
they are assisted by their more well
to-do neighbors, Is problematical.
At the Zion City^ general store, where
Receiver Currier was Introduced to Dea
con Clendenen, the general manager of
the stores, the question arose ' as to
whether the trade checks In use In Zion
City were to be accepted at the store
under . the receiver's , administration.
Clendenen 5aid that many residents of
Zion had little or no ready money' and
were depending on trade checks, which
were given as money. If these checks
were refused it would, '. he said, work
great hardship. > ... .
exact condition of the two banks to the
receivers.
Judge C. C. Kohlsaat, who yesterday
appointed the receivers, entered an or
der to-day restraining the prosecution
of any suits against Dowie, pending
the results of the receivership appoint
ed for Zion City. .
BANK'S CONDITION UNKNOWN:
The secrets of the Dowie Bank have
been, so closely guarded that not even
the State Auditor has been able to ob-'
tain a statement of the condition of the
institution. The Legiflature, through
a committee, sought to probe into the
methods of the bank three years ago.
but was forced to acknowledge defeat!
In Zlbn City all title to real estate is
\-ested in Dowie. The tract of land on
which Zion Is built was bought on. a
five-year payment plan. Several pay
ments are due, the last one falling upon
September 1, when Dowie paid up the
interest and asked for more time."
Mortgages on the land are held by the
original owners, and foreclosure would
mean forfeiture of the lots and houses
of the followers of Dowie.
This Is the. first time in the history
of surgery, far as the records go,
that the grafting of an ear has been
accomplished. Dr. Esmarch, the cele
brated'German surgeon, has striven re
peatedly to graft the whole or part of
an ear, but in no instance did the tis
sues unite. Plenty of subjects were sup
plied him from among German . stu
dents, whose ears are frequently
maimed in saber contests. The failure
of so eminent a surgeon as Dr. Es
march led surgeons the world over to
believe . that ear-grafting was prac
tically impossible.
"Wide attention has been attracted to
this case, around which great secrecy
has been thrown to prevent 'a revela
tion of the names of either the rich pa
tient or the ear seller.. This secrecy will
be maintained, but in the interests of
surgery Nelden decided to make public
all other facts in connection with the
case.
NEW YORK. Dec 2.— The announce
ment of the successful accomplishment
of the "grafting of the ear of one man
to the head, of another was made by
Dr. Andrew L. Xelden to-night. The
patient upon whom Nelden grafted an
ear is now being cared for in the phy
sician's home. He is overjoyed in the
physical possession of an ear which an
other man wore a little more than two
weeks ago.
The man who sold his ear for $5000 Is
now In a private sanitarium in Phila
delphia, where the operation was per
formed. He will be released in two
days and will" go immediately to his
home near Pittsburg, where his wife
and children are awaitiiig him. He is
perfectly satisfied with his bargain,
Xelden sayp, and will use the $5000 to
start life anew. The j/cher patient was
brought to this city to-day.
SpedsJ Dispatch to Ths Call
Surgeon Refuses to Reveal
Names of Seller and
Purchaser.
The receivers to-day found one of
Dowie's bank3 in operation at Twelfth
street and Michigan avenue, and they
promptly put an agent in charge and
had the doors closed. Judge Kohlsaat
later ratified the action of the receivers
in up this bank, as well as the
institution in Zion City. Experts have
been set at work on, the books of both
Institutions, and In a\few days, it is ex
pected, they will be able to report 1 the
Yesterday It was the opinion that
the liabilities of Dowie would not
amourrt, at the outside, to more than
JJ50.000. To-nlpht it was admitted by
the receivers and their "attorneys that
the -claims vaijainst him for merchadise
alone would aggregate $500,000, and in
addition to this amount that there are
mortgages on his property in Zion City
amounting to $125,000, which are due
the first of next year. He owes $100,000
to his brother-in-law, Samuel ""Steven
son, making a total of $725,000.
It is declared by the receivers .ap
pointed yeFte"rday for Zion City that
the affairs of Dowie are in a worse con
dition that was at first supposed. Re
ceiver Currier said to-nicht:
"I believe that Dr. Dowie will be able
t.o pay all his obligations In time. Just
how long this time will be Is some
thing that we' will not be able to tell
until we have made a thorough investi
gation of his effects. I understand
Dowie believes he 'will be able to settle
all claims against him In the course of
five weeks."
There "was a feeble "yes."
¦"Those- devils, parasites, the report
ers, came tome to-day. They wanted
to know "what I would say to you to
riight. Did they learn •from • me?"
(Cries of "No.")
Dowie continued in this strain for
more than an hour and repeatedly
urged his hearers to come to the fin
ancial aid of Zion with All the means
at iheir disposal.
.'^'e want $1,000,000," he said, "and
I want the faithful here In Zion City
to contribute half of that sum; I want
it now — to-night."
The collection taken up is said to
h'ave amoupted to less than SI 000.
BOWIE'S LIABILITIES HUAVT.
"Beloved, I would like to take you
into niy confidence. A few minutes
ego I received a communication that
has caused the clouds to lift. They
are .beginning to part. I call upon
you to help me crush them. _ My peo
ple, I come to you for help. I know
that you will .not be found wanting.
Are you of Zion or not?"
"The fleshpots are the cause of our
•coming here to-nighL They are. a
Joke to me. For an hour the dogs
have thought they led. me. But, be
loved, we are goin& to kick them out.
;\Ve will kick (hem for all eternity.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2. — A great gather-
Ing of *he Dowieites was held In the
•Tabernacle In Zion City to-night. It
wa"s. called by Dowie for the purpose
of starting- a fund of $1,000,000, with
whifh to pay off all the indebtedness
thai hangs- over Zion City arid him
.F*>lf.. The outpouring of his follow
ers, was rrot one to' brftig cheer to the
.heart of ihe "general overseer, of Zion.
The-.'Tabfrnacle seats . 6000 persons
and .'usually all the seats are taken at
the special meetings called by Dowie.
T^o-night the hall was not more than
"riillf filled and the gathering was not
as. enthusiastic as mighty be desired by
a inan who was in Immediate need of
. Dowie gave, to his f ollbwers a state
ment of the financial condition of Zion
.<."ijy and -tojd them that the' assets
were ample, the only trouble -being'
that he was not" able to realize upOil
them at /mce* All he needed was a
contribution.- of ready money with
•vvhich to* tide over, the present crisis
in the affairs of the city, and, this
once done, Zion would grow to greater
jKfwer than ever before.
"WILL KEBUILD JERITSALEM.
"I love this tabernacle," he.sajd. "I
loved all my tabernacles as I Joved
my people.. As mypeople have 'grown,
so have ray. temples of worship. And
when we prepare to- leave this taber
nacle for the last time, the next house
of wocship will be Jerusalem. ; ..¦¦..;.
"YeiT, %ve wilt rebuild Jerusalem. .It
has always been my prayer. God has
told me to do iL .God tells all "of you
to :do it.. But' not now. "That will
come later. " '* -
Investigation, of Banking
Methods Of- the Apostle
. ¦ .. • Is Begun.
Rich Patient Is Elated
Over His $5000
Acquisition.
Receivers Find Zion's
Finances in Bad .
! --X "';• -Condition.
Success of Grafting
Operation An
nounced.
Elijahs Flock Not
"Eesponding With
: : ; -Alacrity.
POOR MAN'S
EAR ADORNS
CAPITALIST
DR. DOWIE'S
VAIN PLEA
FOR FUNDS
EXPERTS' REPORT TO FINANCE COMMITTEE SHOWS PECULATIONS REACHING
$36,000 IN THE COUNTY CLERK'S OFFICE DURING THE LAST EIGHT YEARS
rHE Hassell Audit Company, employed by the Finance Committee of the Board of Supervisors, after eight months' work has Hied an exhaustive report, showing
that peculations in the County Clerk's office during the last eight years amount $36,000. fhe conduct and affairs of the probate department of the office under
the past and present administrate ns come in for a terrific scoring. In the report the Judges of the Superior Court are asked to fully investigate in future statements of
attorneys before making an order remitting fees, as they- liaroe undoubtedly frequently been imposed upon in the} past.
CANAL PACT
IS RATIFIED
BY PANAMA
Junta Accepts the
•Treaty Without
Amendment.
BANDITS DIE
AT HANDS OF
THE RURALES
Mexican Outlaws
Are Shown No
Quarter.
Prompt Action Causes •
; f Eejoicingon*the.
Isthmus.. * .
Pursuers Take Them
by Surprise at
Daybreak.
Document Will Be Hurried
to Washington Tot the" :
Final Move..
Desperadoes Are Shot Down
and Left Unburied on
, Hillside.
: V'Fr.bm the facts disclosed we < have at
times -"thought jthat , there «," may - have
been colluslorilbetween Uhe Public; Ad
ministrator through his attorneys Vwith
the : department i of ; the .Superior. Court
to'-.\vhich 'his -cases - were assigned,* but
'. ''We", urge, that >that which we report
and our; recommendation receive . your
cbrisideratibnT .- The. Judges of the Su
perior J Court should , be apprised of the
true "conditions. The bar and the public
should *' be acquainted , with ,the. facts
that an. lrilquityTniay be overcome. We
do jnot refer to the present official alone,
but to all. 7 > :
•'"The "business, of the office does not
pass ';f rom* one; Public Administrator ! to
his successor as It should and as does
the»buslnes3 of other offices. Indeed,
we find causes that are- still being ad
ministered' upon :by>aniex-Publlc Ad
ministrator that were. opened as. far
back,as'1893. >v ;;.,.¦; ,- . . ' .; . \
¦ "Public officials generally are closely
watched and their acts condemned or
approved by the « public," whose every
day life brings them more or less into
contact with the." officials. It .seems,
however, that the ; Public Administra
tor,'-whose deallngs'are with the es
tates of the deceased, is not subject to
this watchfulness— no one seems to In
terest ..himself 'sufficiently to- inquire
Into his methods.
t. Prefers" toT "iniquity."
S "While: our examination, has been
confined, wholly- to the office of .the
County Clerk and has not ; embraced
an>'inspection of; the books and ac
counts of; the Public Administrator; we
•believe it is our plain duty under your
instruction i to report certain matters
which our. examination of the various
causes In probate has brought, to our
attention. k . • s
"... "An eminent • Jurist ' is , reported to
have sajd, in sarcasm, that the estates
of ithe;; i; deceased' , dying intestate
should be divided between the Public
Administrator, his attorney and the
undertaker, -„ thus saving, the time of
courts and the -County Clerk and
county -various ; expenses. We shall
endeavor, to. show that there is occa
sion 'for 'the statement made and that
the office 'as conducted should be done
away: with;*
. Here follows a long list of. items and
stories regarding, the administrations
of estates, in which the report states
that the charges of both the Admin
istrator and his attorney were greatly
In "excess of what they should reason
.ably.be.., It then runs on as follows:
"The" remission or deferring of fees
Is not practiced' at i this time to the
extent ; of. .former, years, but, though
not. wishing to critlcize^the action of
the court r arid 'though "we have not
specially'; looked V"into the matter, we
cannot refrain from . citing a few cases
In', which the court has undoubtedly
been* Imposed upon.. We would give
many , others,- but deem. a, few suf
ficient." *;'-/.'
Special Dispatch to.Tha Can.
DOUGLAS. Ariz.. Dec. 2.— Dr. F. A.
Utz, who Just returned to Douglas from
Pinita County, Sonora. brings the story
of the death of- three frontier rene
gades, members of a notorious gang,
the leaders of which were killed or
captured several years ago. This small
remnant of the once noted band recent
ly had been commit ting* many depre
dations in Sonora. 'After the fight sev
eral years ago in "which their band was
broken up they had fled to the south,
and only returned to their old haunts
about two months ago. They had lost
their . horses and were crossing the
"country on foot,-, when a party of
twelve Mexican Rurales caught their
trail. From the descriptions received
at several ranches where the outlaws
had stopped to demand food at the
point of their revolvers the Rurales
identified the . three renegades, whom
they had orders to shoot on sight.
The trail was followed for a night and
two days. At the close of the second
day the tracks became fresh, and the
Rurales knew that they were close
upon the heels of the bandits. At sun
downVme of their number who was sent
out to reconnoiter reported that the
outlaws had stopped for the night at
a deserted mining camp just ahead.
The leader of the Rurales decided not
to risk a fight in the dim light of Hhe
evening, fearing that the'outlaws might
escape in the darkness. Instead he
posted his men in a picket line around
the' renegades' camp to prevent their
escape, and when the desperadoes arose
at daybreak the next morning all three
of them were shot down without quar
ter and before they could reach for
their rifles, which had been at their
sides during the night.
The Rurales felt justified In thus
dealing with the three worst men who
have visited the border country in re
cent years. One of the men was a
desperado of the worst type. His father
was killed twelve years ago in fight
with Mexican officers, and the son fol
lowed in the path made by the father
— a trail of pillage and bloodshed. The
Rurales knew that no quarter would be
asked if the bandits had discovered that
they were surrounded, and no quarter
was given. The whole troop .fired in
upon the outlaws and all three fell,
pierced by a half dozen bullets. The
bodies of the bandits were, left where
they had fallen. The Rurales did not
take the trouble to bury them, believ
ing that^it would be an example to all
of their calling to allow their bodies to
bleach upon the hillside as they had
done In the cases of many travelers!
miners and prospectors who met death
at their hands. . - -
WOMEN LAWYERS ARE
BARRED IN ENGLAND
House of Lords Decides That There
Is No Precedent for Admitting
Female Attorneys.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— The House of
Lords has finally decided that women
are" debarred by their sex, from being
qualified lawyers in' this country. . The
question arose on the appeal of a Lon
doner, Miss Bertha Cave, against the
decision of the benchers of Grays Inn
not. to admit her as a student for the
purpose of being called to the bar. The
court decided, that there was no prece
dent- for a woman's admission to ¦ the
Inn of Court, and no reason to create
a precedent. The benchers assert that
the statutes of. Grays Inn ignore%wom
en so absolutely as to leave them no
power to admit a woman.'
Will Go to Roumania for Oil.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, Dec. 2. —
The Standard. Oil • Company '.has de
cided,to develop the oil lands of,Rou
mania. Its representative here to-day
registered • a company in the local
courts . f v
PANAMA. Dec. 2.— In the grand salon
of the Government palace the treaty
between the United States and the Gov
ernment of Panama wa« signed at 11:33
this forenoon by the members
of the Junta and by all the Ministers of
the,republle: Senor Aixango* President
of the Senate, was the first to sign. A
number of prominent persons were
present, including Senor Bridi. Presi
dent of the municipality of Panama,
and General Huertas, command?r-ln
chlef of tlie forces of the republic.
The ceremony was performed in«pub-»
He,, a number, of the cHlzens of Pana
ma crowding the doors of the salon. A
big flag of the. new republic was" draped
behind the table on which the document
j was signed. Photographs were 'taken
of the principal signers as they at
tached their signatures to the treaty.
Senor • Arrango announced . the
treaty would, not only b^Vs£gnVd,'-but
that the fact of Its ratification would
be published this afternoon. This* an
nouncement was greeted with great ap
plause by the assemblage.
DECREE APPROVING TREATY.
Immediately before attaching hl» sig
nature to the treaty ¦ Senor Arrango
read a decree In whict> was recited the
fact that an .agreement had been en
' tered Into, between Philippe Bunau-Va
rilla, representing, the' republic of
Panama, and Secretary Hay, repre
senting th« United States. This* was
followed wIWi .the text of the treaty.
The decree then say&> •
"Considering, first. tKat in the* treaty
a guarantee of the Independence of the
republic of Panama is 'obtained; and.
second, that for reasons of .external
safety it is . indispensable to * proceed
with the greatest celerity to the consid
eration of fhe treaty, to the end that
this, the principal obligation on the
part of the United States, shall begin
and be elflcaciously. fulfilled; and, third,
that by this treaty the isthmian people
consent to the opening of a canal and
to its use for the "benefit of the com
merce of all nations, thus realizing tea
dreams of all isthmians: fourth,
that the junta of the provisional gov
ernment, formed by. .the unanimous
will of the people of the republic; Is
possessed of full sovereign powers over
the isthmian territory, it Is decreed that
the treaty, entered into at Washington
on the 18th of November beween Phil
ippe Bunau-Varilla and Secretary John
Hay be hereby approved."
ISTHMIANS ARE JOYOUS.
The signing of the treaty was Joy
fully accepted by the people and
there was no opposition of any na
ture whatever. The members of the
provisional government are . pleased
and gratified that the matter is now
off their hands.
The .gold pen with -which the treaty
•was signed was .presented "-by the
members of the Junta to Consul Gen
eral Gudger. with a letter expressing
the pleasure the junta' felt in- making
the gift. The letter contained many
complimentary remarks concerning
the long and efficient service of the
Consul General and ended by saying:
"Should your Government, as some
American papers have indicated, call
you. to higher. and more intimate re
lations with the republic of Panama.
it will -be pleasing to us and meet with
the hearty approval of the people.".'
There was a general jollification In
Panama this evening over the signing
of the", treaty.'.: Bands paraded the
streets and fireworks . were exploded.
A* great crowd asserhble'd on the plaza
and marched to the Government pal
ace, where it gave vent to its Joy in
cheers. A reception -was held at the
palace, where- many prominent per
sons made speeches, while the crowds
outside continued ,to cheer, for. the
junta. The soldiers, ..who, were all
given leave from barracks, Joined the
merrymakers. . .
There is every evidence that the
signing of the treaty is an extremely
popular event in Panama.
; ?- — - —
NEARING THE FINAL ACT.
Canal Treaty Will Go. to the Senate
Before the Holidays.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Secretary
Hay has received a cablegram from
Consul General Gudger, say in? that the
canal treaty has been unanimously ap-
BUTLER,. Pa.; Dec. 2.— The typhoid
fever record for the. day is four 'deaths
and fourteen new cases. *
Many Deaths From Typhoid.
Continued on Pa ge 2, Column 2.
Continued on Page 2, Column 9.
Wtt THEATBBS.' & ,"V .
Alcazar — "A Poor BelaSon'.'*"** 1 "*"
California — "At the Old Cross
Boads."
Central — "The Counterfeiters." '
Columbia— "Way Down East."
Fischer's — "I. O. TJ."
Grand — "Over Niagara Falls."
Orphean* — Vaudevills.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
The San Francisco Call
rorecot made at.Saa rrtn
cisco for thirty hours esdtajr
axiCiirht, December 3, 1EKJ3:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Thursday; not so warm;
lis-ht northerly wind; probaWy
foe in the morning 1 .
A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
* THT WEATEEE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Chinese Insult Russian Soldiers.
Russian Fleet Reinforced.
ST. .PETERSBURG, Dec. 2.— The
Russian armored cruiser Bayari and
the battleship; Tsarevitch ' arrived at
Port Arthur to-day.
A Guaranteed Cure for I Piles,""
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or. Protrudlnr Piles.
Your > druggist will refund " money if . Paso
Ointment fails to cur* you in 6 to 14 days. 60c*
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Dec. 2— The
battleship Libertad, now . undergoing
speed trials on the Clyde,, arid the bat
tleship Constitution, now in course of
construction In England, have been sold
by the Chilean Government to the Brit
ish Government' for $9,000,000. / j7 *
Gives Nine Million Dollars for .Two
S Chilean Vessels. K
ENGLAND BUYS BATTLESHIPS;
. TOKIO, Japani j Dec. 2.--A meeting of
the : Shempoto members of the Diet to
day passed ? ; a strong; resolution de
nouncing the" Cabinet's dilatory foreign
policy, and' recording the opinion that
peace ¦ In; the Far- East 'demanded the
evacuation of Manchuria and the open-
Ing of the principal ports 'there. Popu
lar feeling is \ Increasingly in favor of
the speedy dispatch of ian ultimatum to
Russia, but 1 the* Japanese Government
is calm and confident.
Japanese Populace Aroused.
The .Washington dispatches regarding
the possibility of an American
tion that The Hague court arbitrate
the question of Manchurian evacuation
Official circles take a more hopeful
view of the situation than - the public.
The hope that war will be averted is
based, to a large extent, on the belief
that Great Britain will not earnestly
support Japan. According to this offi
cial view Great Britain's present policy
is based on a desire to keep Russia en
gaged until Lord Curzon, the viceroy of
India, has completed his tour of the
Persian Gulf and while the \ forward
movement of the British In Thibet Is in
progress.
BERLIN, Dec. 2.— Dispatches In
dicating the extreme tension of the
RussoT- Japanese situation almost mo
nopolized the attention of the German
press. and official world yesterday and
to-day the danger of war was regarded
as greater than ever. But this feeling
was changed by the receipt of the an
nouncement from Paris that a basis of
settlement had been reached. This
made the financiers hopeful and prices
on the Bocrse opened strong. . Later a
tide of alarming dispatches quickly re
versed the favorable sentiment and
stopped the trading absolutely.
Believes War Will Be Averted by the
Course of Great Britain. .
BERLIN'S HOPEFUL VIEW.
LONDON, Dec. 2.— The Japanese
Minister, Baron Hayashi, speaking of
the Paris dispatch announcing an
agreement- between Russia and Japan,
said: S >¦>- „¦•;-£
"That is splendid news. I have wait
ed a long time in the hope of hearing
it. With the baBis reached, it will only
be a short time before the treaty Is
signed. The whole difficulty so far has
been to. arrive at a basis satisfactory"
to both nations." ;, ,
Regarding .the suggested arbitration
of the difficulties between Japan and
Russia' Baron Hayashi remarked:
"No such proposition has been men
tioned to me and: I doubt if the Man-;
churlan question could be settled by
that method. The Hague"«ourt appears
to me to exist more for the purpose of
Interpreting knotty points of .; existing
treaties than for dealing with such* a
territorial question as Manchuria." ' v
Believes That Russo-Japanese Peace
Treaty Will Be Signed Soon. . ¦-•.'
BARON HAYASHI GRATIFIED.
Cologne Gazete, to be 'about to leave
i Russia for the Liangtung Peninsula
with a view to the active prosecution
of the r fortification work. The dis
patch adds that the Chinese j in Man
churia : are displaying the ; utmost ill
feeling toward the Russians.. They
spit in the faces of Russian officers
and soldiers, bar the roads %to .troops
and throw explosives at the feet of
their horses. : .
Everything that is new,* good and mod
erate priced In trunks, valises, dress suit
cases, traveling sets, pocketbooks and
wrist bags for the holiday trade now on
sale. • All leather goods lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co.
SEVERAL ARE INJURED
IN TRAIN COLLISIONS
Two Serious Accidents Occur on Ele
vated and Cable Roads In
Chicago. . •
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. — In a collision be
tween' two northbound trains on the.
Southside Elevated <road to-day at the
Fif tyiflrst-street station, Harry Cottell,
a.motorman, was fatally hurt and Bev
eral of- the passengers seriously inured.
The fog and, frost on the rails were re
sponsible; for' the accident. At almost
the same moment several .persons were
Injured In a -collision between two Cot
tage Grove-avenue cable trains at Thlr
ty-flrst street. -A .'
While the guards on the elevated trains
were; holding, rtha gates shut in order to.'
prevent the passengers from jumping; "to
the tracks * below , and . possibly ¦ being
electrocuted, the:, wires, in -one of, the
coaches became crossed, starting a fire
in the crowded car. A panic followed.
Windows were smashed and a rush was
made for the doors. Charles F. . Redman,
one of the passengers, seized a flre ex
tinguisher and broke the bottle over the
flre. His example was quickly followed
by others and the flames were extin
guished before any serious damage had
been done. * *•! . '
Accused- Brakemen Are Acquitted.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 2.— William
E. Slater 7 and * Richard ¦¦ W. Hardln,
Southern Pacific ' brakemen who \ were
charged with stealing consignments "of
cigars from' Lane & Connelly of San
Francisco from' a freight car, were ac
quitted by a jury to-day. ' ' .
Temerity of French Fishermen.
ST. JOHNS, Newfoundland, Dec, ; 2.
Although" forced to leave the coast by
British warships on November 20 last,
three." French ; fishing have re
turned , to .. the 'French shore -to ; engage
in* the ~ herring : , fishery. , Police have
been; dispatched" to investigate.
A spur in the head is worth two in the
heel.-. .
BERLIN, -Dec. 2. — Eugene Richter,
leader of the Radical party, has de
cided to interpellate Count von Bu
low, the imperial German Chancellor,
regarding the maltreatment of private
soldiers by their officers. He will ask
the Chancellor to see what legislative
and administrative measures can be
adopted to more evenly counteract the
abuses of their authority of officers of
the army, which was demonstrated in
a , number of recent cases before the
military courts. Herr Richter will
fortify, his interpellation by_ the state
ment that the known cases of the
abuse of private soldiers have caused
grave apprehension among the people
and have detracted from the good
name of the German army. '
WANTS LESS RIGID ¦'** ;
MEASURES IN ARMY
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 2.— Inquiry
has been made at the Foreign Office
respecting the announcement from
Paris that a basis of agreement be
tween Russia and Japan haft' been
reached. It was impossible to obtain
any confirmation beyond the statement
that a mutual desire for- peace exists,
to which both negotiants have ex
pressed adherence." With this end In
view they have both decided tempor
arily to put aside questions whose de
cision, on account of the position of
each, is found to be impracticable;
The negotiations," so far as Russia is
concerned, are confined to delimiting
the rights of railroad, telegraph, etc.,
of each in Korea. Japan holds in abey
ance the Manchurian questions, con
cerning which Russia declines to treat,
on the ground that they are matters
between her and China, until she as
certains whether satisfactory arrange
ments are reachable regarding Korea.
Russia contends that Japan's treaty
rights In Manchuria were secured from
China and stand on the same footing
as those of the United States and the
other powers.
Russia's reply to the latest Japanese
proposition is still unsent.. When, it
is framed it will not be : in' the nature
of an ultimatum, but it may lead to
counter- proposals. It is possible that
the end may be a new RussV- Japanese
treaty covering Korea. '•
Regarding the' suggestion that 'the
United" States" may ask Russia to sub
mit the question of the evacuation of
Manchuria to The Hague tribunal, It is
pointed out at the Foreign Office and
in diplomatic circles that, political is
sues being involved, it is impracticable
and would be unprecedented' to • leave
them to the decision of a judicial tri
bunal. ': . - •
Bussia and Japan Put Aside Vexing
Questions for the Present.
CBISIS IS ONLY DELAYED.
A review was held by the Emperor
at Shimejl on November 16, followed by
an Imperial banquet attended by the
principal Japanese officers and visiting
military men, 1000 being present.
At the Japanese army maneuvers
now proceeding, in which 40,000 troops
are engaged, the Emperor, after cor
dially receiving Sir Cyprian Bridge,
British admiral on the China station,
and other foreign officers, conferred or
ders on forty-seven military men, of
whom forty were Chinese, others being
Russian, French, German and Dutch.
The Emperor viewed an engagement
which took place in a wide expanse of
rice' fields near Furusato.
Advices from Port Arthur tell of the
sinking of a steam launch belonging to
the Russian cruiser Af-kold by a Jap
anese steamer, the Kanko Maru. TWo
Russians were drowned. The. Russians
held the' Japanese vessel and the com
mander of the Askold proceeded on
board and interrogated the Japanese
master. Subsequently the steamer was
released. She was not damaged and
proceeded to Japan.
Viceroy Yuan Shih Kai and his for
eign-drilled troops are reported to have
received orders to proceed ta Kwang-
Si to crush the revolution, which Is as
suming such large proportions in that
province. This revolution is being aid
ed by Chinese in America and other
countries.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 2.— The Iyo
Maru, which arrived to-day, brought
news that according .to Peking reports
the Empress Dowager and court intend
vacating Peking in favor of Kaifeng, in
Honan, should hostilities occur with
Russia.
INTENDS VACATING PEKING.
Empress Dowager "Will Go to Kaifeng
" in the Event of Hostilities. .
is attracting much attention here. Nev
ertheless the foreign office, it is said,
scarcely expects such a solution. It be
lieves that Russia*"" will^-dohtlnue to
"'spare American susceptibilities at the
cost of commercial concessions,' if nec
essaryi" and that." in all events, -the
United States will hardly ..occupy an
exposed position in the matter.
REVOLUTION WAS -2£Z£D.
Steamer City of Paia in Port) at' the
Outbreak in Panama, s.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam-*
ship City of Para, -which arrived! yes
terday, was at Panama* when, the revo
lution of November 3 took place. 1 To
those aboard the ship th*e affair -was
decid'edly.mllcl. and but for tfcp ev6i>v.
ing's hilarious o.-'ebratlon, sounds of
which were waited on the, night breeze,
there, was little eviden.ee to .ten of
Colombia's loss, or of • the birth of ¦ a.
new republic. v Tha Bogota contributed'
the only suggestion of trouble and but
for the dust that marked the landing
place of the two shells she fired even
her shooting might have been in the
nature of a salute; It was learned
later that the flying fragments of shell. !
had killed two Chinese. . "
The officers of the Para, in co'm
mon with many others, hid a .pretty
good idea of the. impending change.
None of them were ashore after the
revolution, however, and the liner*
brought no passengers fromr Panama^
so that the knowledge of those on the* .
Para of events subsequent to 'the •
change of administration -was obtained
largely from what they read in the
San Francisco newspapers, picked tip
as the steamship came along the coast.
General Cerreosi, Minister from the
new republic to Costa R4ca, was a pas
senger on the City of Para as fjir as*
his new post.
proved by the Government and Cabi
net.
It is expected by the President that
the treaty will be returned to Wash
ington within two weeks. The indica
tions now are that it will be transmit
ted to the Senate before »the adjourn
ment of ' Congress for the Christmas
holidays.
Senator Cullom, chairman of the For
eign Relations Committee, held a con
ference with the President to-day re
garding the treaty. He indicated that
serious opposition to its ratification
would be developed, but expressed no
doubt of Its ultimtae ratification.
Two telegrams, one from the junta
and the other from the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of the republic of Pan
ama, announcing the approval of the
Hay-Bunau-Varilla treaty, . were re
ceived by Minister Bunau-Varilla to
day. They were as follows:
'."PANAMA, Dec. 2.— At 10:30 a. m.
the junta has finished the examination
and approved and signed the canal
treaty. ESPIRIELLA, '
"Minister of Foreign Relations."
"PANAMA, Dec. 2.— We are happy to
communicate to your excellency that
we have just ratified the Hay-Bunau-
Varilla treaty, without modification
and. unanimously. This official act has
been received with unanimous appro
bation. J. ARRANGO,
v "TOMAS ARIAS,
A "M. ESPINO2IA,
"Members of the Junta."
The treaty, as approved_ and signed
by the Panama junta, will be prompt
ly returned to .Minister Bunau-Varilla
at Washington. To insure its safe and
prompt transmission without Interfer
ence by officials anywhere, the treaty
will be intrusted to Consul General
Gudger at Panama, who will forward it
to Washington in the diplomatic mail
pouch. Instructions to Jhls effect al
ready have been sent to Gudger by
Secretary Hay. This courtesy was ex
tended at the request of Minister 'Bu
nau-Varilla, who Is anxious that there
shall be no interruption to the safe re
turn of the approved treaty to Wash
ington. " *V. -;
Dr. Herran, the Colombian charge,
called at the State Department to-day
and arranged with Secretary Hay that
the latter should formally receive Gen
eral Reyes to-morrow. The doctor dis
cussed at some length with Secretary
Hay the existing situation, but will
leave it with General Reyes to broach
Battelship Sf aino Is Crippled.
WASHINGTON, Dec." 2.— In conse
quence of certain defects In the ma
chinery of the battleship Maipe Secre
tary Moody has decided to withdraw
that vessel from blockade duty on the
Caribbean coast of the isthmus of Pan
ama in order that the necessary repairs
may be made at the New York navy
yard. This action, however, will not
reduce the number of warships on duty
on that station, as the Maine will -not
leave Colon until after the arrival of
the supply ship Culgoa, which is ex
pected to arrive about the 6th Inst.
Father Folham. who was on the
fourth floor, leaped into a blanket and
sustained Injuries to his side, but will
recover. Father Boyon was burned
on the head and arms, but not serious
ly Injured. An old woman, a servant,
Jumped from the fifth story and was
badly hurt. S. Harvey, a student from
Brunswick, Me., awoke only when his
bed "was on fire. He sprang to the
window and, climbing outside, hung to
the sill for fifteen minutes, when he
was taken down safely by the firemen.
A student named Cullen Jumped from
the fourth story ;with his glasses- on
and his face was cut. Mls3 Dupues.
a domestic, was badly injured. The
students lost, all their effects. - .
The fire Is supposed to have resulted
from a burning cigarette. A library of
30,000 volumes -was destroyed. .
OTTAWA, Ont, Dec. 2.— The Ottawa
University, one of the largest educa
tional institutions in Canada, was de
stroyed by fire early to-day. The loss is
estimated at $»00,000, with insurance at
$200,000. All of the 450 students escaped.
Three priests were forced to Jump from
upper windows and were badly hurt.
They are Fathers Boyon, Fullham and
McGuerty. . . ¦ ¦
Father McGuerty probably is fatally
hurt. One of the domestics is missing
and probably . perished " in the flames,
and' another. .was ,sd seriously burned
that she probably will die. The missing
woman,a Miss" Davis, was last seen on
the fourth. floor.- , , . .•...;.
-The fire -started -at 7 o'clock, while
most of the students were at breakfast.
These escaped easily. A number who
Avere still abed had to take to the fire
escapes in their night clothes or jump
into blankets held out by the firemen.
The fire escapes were all oil one side
of the structure and those who slept
on the bther side could not reach them.
They had to. Jump, some from the
fourth and fifth stories. Several stu
dents were injured, but no 'one was
seriously hurt. Two of the priests,
•however, were seriously Injured, and
Father McGuerty is not expected to live.
He was on the first story. He could
not reach the fire escape and was forced
to jump. He fell on a veranda, land
ing on his shoulder^ and afterward
rolled to the ground, striking on his
head.
Walls Are All That Re
main of Ottawa's
'Great School.
FIRE DESTROYS
BIG UNIVERSITY
any suggestions with which he may
have been charged by the Colombian
Government* looking to a settlement of
the dispute between- Colombia and Pan
ama. Secretary Hay will ijive a cour
teous reception to General Reyes, but
It is .clear that, in the view of the
Administration, the steps taken as- to
Panama cannot be retraced, .and it fol
lows that, "Panama being lni sovereign
possession -of the right of w?ay of the
canal, there can be no nekottatlons
with Colombia looking to thj acquisi
tion from her" of any right to .the canal
strip. . \
CANAL PACT RATIFIED BY PANAMA
Continued From Page 1, Coluinn. 7.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mall Bays that telegrams have been re
ceived from Seoul to the effect that
Japanese Minister Hayassi was in
formed by the Emperor of Korea at
The Morning Post, which throughout
the crisis fs alleged to have been in
spired from Japanese quarters,- thinks
it .extremely, likely that the arrange
ment arrived at will- enaole the Japan
ese Premier to meet the Diet with such
assurances as will calm the rising gen
eration and relieve the tension which
exists among the press and populace
of Japan.
The Daily Telegraph contends that,
6hould Russia annex Manchuria, Japan
would be Justified in annexing Korea,
and that in such a determination Japan
¦would count upon the moral support of
the United States and Great Britain.
The Telegraph believes the arrange
ment outlined from Paris would be a
reasonable solution which well might
.be accepted by Russia.
The Daily Graphie publishes an ar
ticle In which it claims that it is known
that Russia an! Japan have arrived at
a practical agreement in respect to
each other's interest in Manchuria and
Kore,a. The Daily Graphic thinks that
such a bargain is not an ideal one, but
It says that the statesmen concerned
had to accept the lesser of two evils.
. WILL PLACATE JAPANESE.
LONDON, Dec 3.— The news cabled
by the Associated Press correspondent
at Paris that the Governments of Rus
sia and Japan were on the verge cf an
agreement as to the Far .Eastern diffi
culties, and giving the basis of the
probable agreement, aroused intense
interest In London. The inclination in
most -well-informed quarters is to be
lieve that an agreement insuring the
peaceful solution of the difficulties is
on the e,ve of arrangement. Even
¦where some _ hesitation is shown as to
the accuracy of the details. Viceroy
Alexieff's decision tp go to St. .Peters
burg is held as confirmatory of the in
'formation obtained by the press, it be
ing contended that the Viceroy would
not leave the seat of the difficulty un
less he were assured that the negotia
tions had reached a stage- where no se
rloue misunderstanding would be prob
able during his absence.
Assuming the news to be well found
ed, it is supposed that the probable ac
tion of the United States may have had
a great.deaJ of Influence in the decision
of Russia and Japan to consent to a
compromise in order to avert war. the
developments ef which it would be dif
ficult to foresee.
CZAR'S GRAVE RESPONSIBILITY
The Standard -this morning, in a lead
ing editorial, dwells upon the unknown
dangers which might arise for both
ptfivers and considers that the- known
conditions gave promise of protracted
hostilities which, except by a miracle,
could not be confined to the two lead
ing opponents. " The Standard adds:
"China is far too deeply concerned to
Btand_ neutral. -The action of the United
States cannot be foreseen with cer
tainty, but America would nof.be in
different to the fate of Manchuria,
while France and Great Britain might
also be drawn into- the conflict. ' Rus-
Ela's responsibility, therefore, is very
fp«ave and the will incur the condem
nation of- the civilized world by an ob
etinate adherence to the policy of ag
gression." ¦
viceroy Alexieff's Decision to" Return
to St. Petersburg^ Is Regarded
"as Confirming Press .
i 'Advices.
• ¦ •
Peace News From Paris Is
Credited in British
•Capital
• According to the Gaulois a new the
ory has been advanced that Dreyfus
was merely the accomplice of the real
traitor," who is to be screened because
of his close relationship -to a well
known Dreyfusard and because j of his
former -intimacy with a person who
once^held a high position. / ,
. ColoneJ Picquart has become a
Parisian newspaper man. " Joseph
Reinach, leader of the campaign ¦ for
the revision of the Dreyfus trial, Is no
longer a member of the Chamber of
Deputies, but continues to conduct a
literary •^campa l lsnr. for ¦¦: Dreyfus', full
restoration tp t^e'army; ; M.- Reinach
.came out' id-day with a strong inter
view In. behalf of his friend. . M. Bris
son, who first demanded . a revision, is
now a member of the Chamber. 0 M.
Loew, president of the Criminal,Cham
ber of -the .Court of Cassation, has
retired from the Judiciary arid directs
the affairs of the Legion of Honor. Al
though there is no present purpose of
recalling the witnesses/the testimony
which these persons will^ give In ¦ case
the court requires their presence is
occupying much attention.*
General Andre, Minister of. War, has
forbidden all officers . and civilian em
ployes of .the War Office to discuss the
Dreyfus case, even within ihe premises
of the Ministry. :^t^V
\ The bitter tone of 'the Nationalists is
an indication of how the actual taking
up of the case to-day has revived all
the old animosities and bitterness' of
the last ten yearsl Intense feeling is
shown throughout governmental, politi
cal arid army circles. The , universal
theme of the newspapers, clubs and
society is that the revival of the case
will again bring out prominently the
leading actors in Dreyfus' degrada
tion. • Some of the most striking fig
ures, Including Zola and Colonel Henry,
are dead. . General Mercier has ceased
to exercise influence in the war admin
istration^ and never speaks In the Sen
ate. General de Boisdeff re, former
chief of the French staff, has practi
cally been retired, as he is on waiting
orders and has no active command.
Colonel Du Paty de Clam has retired,
but he continues to be an active fig
ure.' Count Esterhazy has become a
pitiful personage. He has left the
army, was divorced in 1899 and lives in
London. General Zurlinden, former
Military Governor of Paris, has retired.
Most of the officers favorable to Drey
fus have been disgraced, in one way or
the other.
PARIS, Dec. 2.— The six members of
the Dreyfus commission assembled to
day at: the Department of Justice.
While M. Durand, the president,, says
the commlssidh did not take up the
Dreyfus case to-day, no doubt exists
that Individually attention is being giv
en to it, as all the documents have been
transmitted to M. Durand. A meeting
of prominent Nationalists to-day dem
onstrated that they are bitterly antag
onistic to the action taken by the Gov
ernment. Former War Minister Cavaig
nac accused the Government-of dis
turbing the peace of the country by re
viving an affair which had; beenmade
an instrument for civil discord, arid as
serted'that It was useless to interpeN
late the Government on the subject be
cause the Ministry .was too strong. t
General Mercier, the former v War
Minister, who Is regarded as the chief
accuser of j Dreyfus, has issued , from
comparative retirement from public life
as Senator from Loire»inferleure, and
has affirmed that everything he k has
read'ih the Government newspapers re
garding Dreyfus was untrue. . r '
Powerful Factor in
. the Russo-Japanese
Negotiations.
Many of the Principal Figures
-in-- Famous Case Have
• Passed Away.
an audience on Monday last that he
had placed the question of the opening
of Yongamph.0 to foreign trade in. the
hands of his Foreign Minister, and that
the port would be opened within a. few
days. , Pavloff , the Russian Minister
to Korea, is, however." still protesting
against the opening of the port.
Lieutenant Colonel Tachibani, the
military adviser of General Yuan Shi
Kai. Governor of the Chili province,
has arrived at Tokio with a confidential
message for the Japanese authorities. •
"The manner in which these garbled
Ftatements of facts are presented is a
gross injustice, not only to me and my
predecessors, but to the Judges who
have audited pur accounts <u:d deter
mined the value' of our services, upon
evidence submitted under oath. The
report to this extent bears evidence of
I mitted by. Mr. Hassell to them and to
give my opinion of its contents as af
fecting the conduct of the office of Pub
lic Administrator.
"The report, as far as It relates to
the office of . Public- Administrator,
runs back for about twenty years, and
is in effect a lame apology for the
thousands of dollars paid to Mr. Has
sell's concern during the last six
months or more. It is replete with
the opinions of Mr. Hassell; in which
he criticizes the office of Public Ad
ministrator as useless, forgetting that
this is a matter for the Legislature
alone. The report proceeds in terms
of glittering and malicious generalities
j to charge the various Public Adminis
| trators and their attorneys since 1880
with having been overpaid.
"In this connection he refers to cer
! tain estates which have been probated
j during the past twenty years and as
sumes to state facts* in each case, and
j he in effect states that the Judges who
I have audited and allowed the accounts
of various Public Administraotors,
myself included, have violated their
official ' duty and official oaths, and
have ordered payment in exqess of the
value of the services rendered by us.
: To support his assertion he has picked
| .out such insignificant and trivial facts
} from the records as suit his purpose,
| and while not giving the full facts in
any case, he has presented a garbled
statement of facts, which when read
i can only deceive and leave a false im-
I pression on the minds of the reader.
i ALLEGES INJUSTICE.
this ' being so improbable we are
prompted to say that the court has been
imposed upon.
"It is a fact that of the causes in
•which the Public Administrator acts,
about 7 per cent are in the departments
devoted principally to probate matters,
towit: Departments 9 and 10, presided
over by their Honors Judge Coffeyand
Judge Troutt, respectively, and that 93
per cent are in other departments hav
ing no probate matters except those of
the Public Administrator."
PAENHAM'S STATEMENT.
Public Administrator Farnham made
the following statement last night:
"I was invited to meet the Finance
Committee of the JBoard of Supervisors
this afternoon to examine a report sub-
Much Bitterness Caused
by the Government's
Course.
"The contents of this report as , far
as the statement of any. facts are con
cerned is really too trivial and absurd
to demand any notice, if it were not for
the fact, that the manner in which it is
prepared and p: esented, taken in con
nection with the unsupported assertions
of Mr. Hassell, is calculated to deceive
the public." ,
Douglas Young, in charge of the work
of the Hasst;ll Audit Company at the
City Hall, made the. following statement
last night:
"If Mr. Farnham or any other Public
Administrator that preceded him will
permit an examination of his accounts,
under the direction of The Call or any
other San Francisco daily newspaper,
we will make the examination without
cost to Mr. Farnham, to any of . his
predecessors or to the city, provided
that a report of the result of the 'ex
amination be made public through the
press.
"This statement is made because of
the public utterances of the Public Ad
ministrator to the effect that the Grand
Jury had experted his books and found
them correct, and that he challenged
investigation." if
"Under this section it is .plain that
nothing has to be paid to the County
Clerk until there is something in the
estate with which to pay. yet Mr. Has
sell, with great assumption of legal
knowledge, asserts that the law as here
written Is not a law, and that the
Judges and County Clerks, and Public
Administrators in this and other coun
ties who have for many years (accord
ing to his own admission) followed the
law as expressed in section 1741 have
been really violating the law. -
CHALLENGE ISSSUED.
"It may be proper to remark here
that the law, as written in section 1741
of the Code of Civil Procedure, governs
the payment of fees into the county
treasury from the estates in the hands
of the Public Administrator, and ex
pressly' places the services of the va
rious officers, myself included, at the
disposal of the "Public Administrator
until such time as the assets and.estate
come into his hands.
"His report also rehashes the asser
tion that he made six months ago that
there is 1 $1277 50 due to the city from
my office. He artfully endeavors to
make it appear, that this is due from,
me personally, whereas, any one famil
iar with the administration of estates
knows that if due at all it is due from
the estates in my charge and not from
me personally.
a vain attempt to show that the thou
sands paid to Mr. Hassell from the city
treasury in the last six months have
been of some value to the city— which
they have not.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
INFLUENCE
OF AMERICA
AVERTS WAR
PARIS STIRBED
BY DREYFUS CASE
Peculations Reaching $36>0O0
in the County Clerk's Office
During the Last Eight Years
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; .THURSDAY, -DECEMBER 3, 1903.
COLOGNE, Dec' 2.— Eight regl-.
mehts of Infantry and a ; brigade of
artillery are reported," according to a
2
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
World's Dispensary ' ,-v -
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial 4>elow, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thru proving their genuineness.
¦For about two years I safiered from a tctt
obstinate c»*e of dyspepw*." writes R. B. Secoro,
Esq., of 13 Eastern A»c. Toronto, Ontario. "1
tried * great number of remedies without suc-
cess. I finally lost faith in them all. I was so
far gone that I could not for a long time bear
any solid food in tay stomach ; felt melancholy
and depressed. Some four months ago a friend
recommended voor ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
After a week's treatment I had derived so much
bese£t tnct I continued the medicine, I have
.takes three bottles and em convinced it has
is my case accomplished a permanent cure. I
can conscientiously recommend it to the thou-
sands of dyspeptics throughout the land."
A man can succeed and be strong if
he heeds Nature's warnings. When
there is indigestion, loss of appetite,
ringing in the ears, dizziness, spots be-
fore the eyes or palpitation of the heart ;
eny cr all of these symptoms point to
weakness end loss of nutrition. Dr.
Pierce 1 b Golden Medical Discovery is the
medicine to turn to. /
<* Golden Medical Discovery'* contains
no alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and all other narcotics.
It is strictly a temperance medicine.
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing * just
«s pood " for diseases of the stomach.- . *
The " Qommo nSense Medical Adviser,''
xoo8 pages, in paper carers, is sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps, to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
. ' •, •* : ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADMIRAL SCHLEY
Pe-ru-na Drug Co., Columbus, Ohio :
Gentlemen: I can cheerfully say that Mrs. Schley
has taken Pe*ru=na and I believe with good effect."
Hz. S. SCHLE1T. — Washington, D. C.
A DMIRAL SCHLEY, one of the foremost The fact is that Peruna has overcome all op-
/> notable heroes of the Nineteenth Century. A position and has won its way to' the hearts of the
name that starts terror in the heart of every Span^- people. The natural timidity which so many peo-.
iard. A man of steady [ nerve, clear . head, un- P 1 * have.felt about giving endorsements * to any
An ¦ , j - , • . j . . 1 remedy is giving way. Gratitude and a desire to
daunted courage and prompt decision. ¦ , v , r . .', , •, ,
. , , .. , . , , ,. • . ". help others has inspired thousands of people to
Approached by a friend recently, his opinion . .,. A ,:• • t * t> t. 1. * *
¦ J J • " . give public testimonials for Peruna who hereto-
was asked as to the efficacy of Peruna, the na- fore' would not have consented to such publicity,
tional catarrh remedy. Without the slightest hes- ever before in the an nals of medicine has it
itation j he f gave this remedy his endorsement. It happened that so many men of national and inter-
appeared on later conversation' that Peruna has national reputation have been willing to give* un-
been used in his family, whei?e it is a favorite qualified and public endorsements to a proprie.-
remedy. y tary remedy. No amount of advertising cotflcf
Such endorsements serve to indicate 1 the won- have accomplished such a result. Peruna has won
derful hold that Peruna has upon the minds of the on its own merits. Peruna cures catarrh of what-
American people. It is out of the question that ever phase or location in the human body. That
so great and famous a man as -Admiral Schley is why it receives so many notable and unique en-
could have- any other reason for giving his en- dorsements. " : V •> 1
dorsement to -Peruna than his positive conviction Address The Peruna Drug" MT g Co., Colum-
that the remedy is all that he says it is. . bus, Ohio, for free literature on catarrh.
Jisk Your Druggist for free Pe^ru^na Almanac for 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS. i,.
Wet;-
jA. ¦:***3R* t * J^ £. months, when Fain is apt \
Hi^ to come up any time,' why
*'^BHi • • !¦' ' lllfe^ nOt wear an i nex P ens i ye
I '• >g • ' hat for business wear? A
™ * — ;fc .. . . great many, men economize
in this way.
fill the bill exactly. There j^Pf^S^^ " "
is quality enough in them
to make them stylish, yet tfe@^^^Bfe^^^V
Out-of-town orders filled— weiio us. \ ' .^flilP^A
740 Market St. <!^^^^^^K^YOUNGSTOWN; Ohio, Dec.- .'¦ 2.— The
wages 'of 500 , laborers ¦ employed ; at the
Ohio', works 'of ( the Carnegie Steel. Com
pany ha^s. been reduced. : ¦ Sj •->¦:"•.¦¦ ¦-:
Steel Company Drops Wages.
DENVER, Dec. 2.— The". • executive
board of the Western Federation of
Federation Protests Against Driving
Out of Union Men.
APPEALS TO THE PRESIDENT.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Dec; 2— The
Charlotte; Street Car Company did not
furnish heat for. its cars to-day, and all
motormen and conducttors; went . on
strike. Traffic is suspended.
Charlotte Carmen Strike.
JOLIET, 111., Dec. 2.'— A reduction of
from 5 to 10 per cent in wages was or
dered j to-day In all the local wire mills
of the United States Steel Company,
affecting 1000 men.
"Wages in Wire Mills Fall.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Timothy Mur
phy, walking delegate for the House
smiths;, and Bridgemen's Union, was
to-day found guilty of extorting $300
from Herman Loeb for terminating
strikes on the Martha Washington
Hotel and the Republican Club.
Timothy Murphy Convicted.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 2.— Indications are
that nearly every industry In Braddock,
Homestead and the Turtle Creek Val
ley will be working double time within
ten days, as orders are fast accumu
lating. Practically all of the employes
laid off at the Homestead works, the
Howard Axle Works, the Mesta -Ma
chine Company's plant and at the
Westinghouse Electric Company's plant'
have been put to work again, and
many of the smaller manufacturing
concerns that have been shut down are
preparing to resume.
Will Reopen Many Plants
"To work union and non-union men
in the mines is impossible. Men who
refused to join the. union would be in
timidated and there would be too much
danger of accidents. We are willing to
take back into our employ, all strikers
who have not vbeen agitators and who
have not destroyed property, provided
they will eive up their union cards.
That Is as far as we can go."
Attorney General Breeden, who re
turned to-day from the strike district,
expressed the opinion that it probably
would be necessary for the troops" to
remain at the coal mines thirty, days
longer, or until the eviction, of miners
from company property, shall have been
effected. * , ' .-' T
SALT LAKE, Dec. . 2.— A Tribune
special from Scofleld, Utah, quotes
William Price, the United Mine Work
ers' representative /there, as stating
that the strike would be declared off
and the men at once return to work
provided . the Utah Fuel Company
would guarantee that no discrimina
tions were made against the employ
ment of union men In the future.
"If we are not given that guarantee,"
Price is quotgd as saying, the fight
will be continued as long as the na
tional organization exists."
When President Kramer of the Utah
Fuel Company. was shown the Price
Interview to-night he said: .
Kramer Declares That the Men Must
• Throw Away Their Cards. -
UNIONISM IS THE ISSUE
CRIPPLE CREEK. Dec. 2.—Informa
tions, sworn ta by F. J. Campbell, man
ager of the "Winchester mine, were filed
to-day against C. G. Kennison. president
of local Miners' Union No. 40; Sherman
Parker, president of District No. 1. and
W. F. Davis, president of local ,Union
No. 19, charging them witn conspiracy
to murder, and also with the murder of
Superintendent McCormick and Shift
Boss Beck of .the Vindicator.
Accused of Conspiracy to Murder.
EAL.IXAS. Dec. 2. — George Stone to-day wag
convicted 6f receiving stolen goods upon the
testimony of Henry Moore, -a convict, who is
now serving a three years' sentence at San
Quentln for the theft of the articles received
by Stone. Both men are opium fiends and
have served several terms for petty c Senses.
6AN JOSE. I>c. 2. — The • examination of
William J. Singleton, who killed Simon Bor-
Jcnjue* Sunday . f.lpht. was to-day postponed
until to-morrow. The complaint ¦»«¦<. rn to by
Joe Patron eharsins Slnsleton with murder
wag dismis^d becauso of an error In the
epellinr pt the .name of the deceased. A new
complaint ' was prepared and Singleton was
a.fraigTjed on It. Singleton ftlll refuse* to
rr.&ke a statement!
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Dec. 2.—
The military force^n this district was
further increased to-day by the arrival
of Company G, Second Regiment, which
was organized this week at Pueblo, and
of forty-four recruits from Denver,
Colorado Springs and Pueblo. Company
D, Second Regiment, of- Colorado
Springs to-day took possession of per
manent quarters for the winter in the
Masonic Temple in this city. Union
miners have organized a committee of
safety, the purpose of which is to pro
tect and defend union members should
any attempt be made to drive them
out. of the 'district.
More Troops at Cripple Creek.
MARQUETTE.. Mich., Dec. 2.— The
Lake Shore Engine Works has reduced
wages In all departments 10 per cent.
At the shops of the South Shore road
the hours of labor have been cut to
nine daily, with a proportionate reduc
tion in wages. Several hundred men
are affected.
Heavy Cut of "Wages.
' NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— Frank C. Helm.
41 years old, who is said to be the
owner .cf valuable mining property in
Alaska,' was arraigned in couVt to-day
on a rharpe .'of grand larceny. The
complainant against him is State Sena
tor John Laughljn of Buffalo and the
¦specific charge is that he sold 51000
worth of stock" to Senator Laughlin,
which, it is altes^d, was nor his proper
ty. Helm returned from Valdes, -Alas
ka, last nipht-. ;
Frank -C. Helm. Is Arrested on Coxn
' - . plaint Made by New York '
State Senator.
RICH MINER CHAIRGED
'•I ;'¦', WITH .GRAND LARCENY
DENVER, Dec. 2.— A special to the
News from Telluride, Colo., says eight
of the seventeen strikers who were
arrested on charges of vagrancy on
Monday and fined and given until 2
o'cltfck this afternoon to leave town
or return to work were rearrested to
day and lodged in jail. The others
were not found by the deputy sheriffs,
although it is believed none of them
have left» town and not one of them
has returned to work or paid his fine.
It is understood that the men will be
put at work on the streets, under
guard. Twelve non-union men arriv
ed In Telluride to-night. The Tomboy
mine has now 108 men employed.
Vagrancy Charge Against Strikers.
German Ship August Overdue.
LONDON, Dec. 2. — The German
ship August, which sailed from New
York August 1 for Liverpool, has been
posted at Lloyds' as overdue.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. — "Sam" Parks,
formerly business agent of the local
Housesmiths' and" Bridgemen's Union,
is. in the hospital in Sing Sing prison,
to which he recently was sent for
conspiracy in taking money from em
ployers to call off strik.es.
Parks was removed from his cell to
the hospital by" direction of the prison
physician, who .says he is a very ill
man. • The labor leader is a victim of
consumptjon and it is expected he will
.be transferred to the prison hospital
at Dannembra, .
. When Parks arrived at Sing Sing
he was put to* work in the brush shop.
Th> work is nol hard .and for a 6hort
?im*» Parks toiled along with the rest
.of "the convicts, but the close confine
ment soon began. to tell and he broke
dorn completely, necessitating his re
moval to the hospital.
Labor Agitator Now Confined in Sing
¦ ':,'• Sing Prison Hospital.
VSAM" PARKS IS TT.T^
President Roosevelt to-day received a
telegram from the executive board of
the Western Federation of Miners,
strongly urging him to protect the
right of the miners who had been or
dered to leave the Telluride district in
Colorado, on penalty of imprisonment.
The matter Is In the hands of the State
authorities of Colorado, and It does not
appear at this time that the Federal
Government, through the President,
can properly take action on it. -The
Secretary of War, who has been con
sulted by the Colorado authorities, has
expressed the opinion that the Govern
ment cannot interfere legally in the
trouble in the Telluride district at the
present Juncture. Among officials who
have considered the subject it is be
lieved that the rights of the miners will
be protected fully by the courts.
"There is an unsettled conldtlon at
the coal mines, both in the Trinidad or
Southern district and the Northern dis
trict, which may develop into such dis
order as to require the use of troops.
Should this occur while the whole
available force of State troops is em
ployed at Cripple Creek and Telluride,
which is now the case, I think Federal
troops will then be needed. At pres
ent. I understand, no violence is being
offered in the coal districts."
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.—Major-Gen
eral Bates, who was sent to Colorado to
investigate the difficulties in the Crip
ple Creek and Telluride mining dis
tricts, has submitted his report to Lieu
tenant General Young, the chief of
staff of the army, and it was published
to-day. The report is dated Denver,
November 29, and says:
"I find that the disturbances at Crip
ple Creek and Telluride amounted to
insurrection against the State of Colo
rado; in that mining, milling and other
business was suspended there by rea
son of intimidation, threats and vio
lence, and that the civil officers were
not able to, or did not, maintain order.
"The militia of the State has been
employed and is now employed at
Cripple Creek and Telluride. I think
the employment of the State troops
necessary, at both these ponta, and that
they are now giving proper protection
to life and property. At Cripple Creek
work has been resumed at the mines
and at Telluride one mine has resumed
operations, and owners inform me they
propose to open other mines as rapidly
as they can secure workmen. It is
probable that military guards will have
to be maintained at the points men
tioned for some time, but I understand
it is the intention to reduce the force
as rapidly as circumstances will war
rant, though in my opinion no material
reduction can safely be made for some
months. At this time United States
troops are not needed.
General Bates Says Colorado Militia
Is Maintaining Order.
REGXTLABS ABE NOT NEEDED.
The Actors' Union has established
headquarters in the Emma Spreckels
building. •
Advices from the north are to the
effect that more than 5000 men have
been thrown out of employment In
the logging -camps and it is feared
that they will invade this city during
the winter months.
It is expected that the strike among
the paper-box makers will soon be set
tled. The men demand a shorter
working day and their employers will
in all probability accede to this de
mand rather than allow the strike to
continue.
It was reported yesterday that three
more firms had joined forces against
the striking cloakmakers and that the
battle will be fought to an end. It Is
rumored that the local firms have im
ported a large number of cloakmakers
from the East and that they will ar
rive in a few days to take the places
of the strikers. The rumor has not
vet been verified.
The Bartenders' Union has added a
new clause to its by-laws, whereby
the men will be allowed to work only
ten hours. It Is said that the mat
ter will be brought to the attention
of the saloon-keepers -soon and a gen
eral demand will then be made for a
ten-hour workday. All members who
appear behind a bar without a union
button will be fined SI for the of
fense.
Three More Firms Join Forces to
Fight the Cloakmakers Who
Are Out on Strike.
BABTENDEBS DEMAND
TEN-HOUB, DAY
Mrs. O. E. Clarke Dies Suddenly.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2.— Mrs. Olive M.
Clarke, wife of Constable George E.
Clarke, died suddenly at noon to-day at
her home, 1248 Pearl street. Death was
due to apoplexy. Deceased was 62 years
of age and besides her husband leaves
a son. Frederick Clarke, who is the Eu
ropean buyer for a large business house
of San Francisco.
CBNTRALJA. 111.. Deo. 2. — Fire to-day* at
Klnmundy destroyed a block and a half of
buildings In the bustnes* center. Including the
Masonic Temple, the Odd Felloes' butldln* and
a number of stores. Los* estimated at $120,000.
LONDON, Dec. 2. — The wedding "of
Prince Alexander of Teck and Princess
Alice of Albany has been set 'for the
first week in February at St. George's
Chapel, Windsor Castle. •
Prince Alexander to Wed.
Heavy Snows in Spain.
MADRID, Dec. 2. — Snow has block
ed railroad communication at many
points in the provinces of O.viedo and
Leon and the captain generalcy of
Galicia. The snow is nearly forty
inches deep at Bilbao and San Sebas
tian.
BT7SSIAN STUDENTS '
CONTINUE BIOTINO
University at Klefl Has Been Closed
Because of Renewal of Dis
• orders.
KIEFF. Russia, Dec. 2. — The uni
versity here has been closed until Jan
uary 3 because of ?the renewal of dis
orders on the part of students. The
latter refused to recognize the author
ity of the court of professors, consti
tuted to try twenty-nine' students who
were arrested as a result of the re
cent disturbances which occurred
among the students at Kieff, Odessa,
Kazan* and Tomsk. The' students, on,
the present occasion, met an attempt
to shut them out of the university by
battering down the gates and damag
ing the building, from which, finally,
they were ejected by a force of Cos
sacks and police. _,
Costly Fire in. Kansas.
HAYS' CITY, Kans.. Dec. 2.— Yost's
mill and elevator,' the postofflce and
a block of business buildings were de
stroyed by fire th^is morning. The mail
matter "was saved. The loss Is $200,000.
with 6tnall insurance. The flames were
first noticed In the elevator and .were
undoubtedly of incendiary origin. *
MANILA. Dec. 2. — Major General
James F. Wade, who went to Jolo to
investigate the trouble there, which
resulted In General Wood's attack on
the Moros. has completed his tour of
that island and also of Mindanao. He
reports that the Joio. Islanders have
been severely whipped and that prob
"ably 400 of them were killed. He
says that this was necessary, however,
under the unsettled circumstances.
The Moros near the town of Jolo did
not co-operate with those who offered
opposition to the Americans.
As a .result of Datto Hassan's
treachery Major Hugh L. Scott prob
ably will lose two fingers froin each
hand.
The hlllmen were fairly well sup
plied with Remington rifles.
At Zamboango Generar Wade, with
the civil officials, had a conference
with the Sultan of Mindanao and the
Dattos in regard to anti-slavery legis
lation. No definite results were reach
ed, but the chiefs favorably considered
proposals for the exchange of the so
called slaves. • who return to their
homes to become free. ". . •
Special Dtspatch to Th» Call.
Crowds packed the streets, stopping
all traffic for fully a half-hour, clamor
ing for a speech. State Labor Com
missioner Montgomery and John L.
Gehr, national organizer, addressed the
crowd, saying that President ; Mitchell
had been sick and was tired out from
his long journey and w.as unable to
make 'an address to-night, but would
make a public address before leaving
the city. The crowd immediately dis
persed.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 2.— Amid pro
longed cheering and waving of hats
and handkerchiefs President John
Mitchell of the United Mirte Workers
of America arrived in Trinidad at 6
o'clock to-night. More than 3000 men,
women and children, people in all walks
of life, greeted his arrival. As Mitchell
stepped from the train a squad pf thir
ty policemen surrounded him to keep
back the crowd, which was pressing In
to get a glimpse of him. One thousand
miners surrounded the con
taining Mitchell. John F. Ream, per
sonal representatives of Mitchell, and
President Howells. of District No. IB es
corted him through the main street of
the city to the hotel, a distance afl four
blocks, there being a continued ovation
along the route. Mitchell immediately
retired to his room with several mem
bers of the national board.
SAN DOMINGO. Dec. 2.— General
Auguistin Morales, President of the
Revislonal Government of Santo Do
mingo, had & long interview last night
with United States Minister Powell,
during which he demanded that Senor
Galvan, former Minister of Finance,
should be withdrawn from the board
appointed by the Government of Presi
dent Wos y Gil to arbitrate the claims
of the Santo Domingo Improvement
Company.
Minister Powell declined to grant
this demand and supplemented his
declination by the statement that the
United States Government could only
recognize the provisional Government
of-Santo Domingo when it agreed to
observe all the acts and engagements
entered into by former Governments
with the United States. It is reported
here that a disturbance, headed by
General Roso, has broken out at Bara
lona, on the south coast of the island.
The general situation remains un
settled and there have been many
demonstrations of dissatisfaction.
It is rumored that several places In
the north of the Island are by no
means tranquil and it is considered
desirable that the United States gun
boat Newport should remain here.
The financial condition of the pro
visional Government is a desperate
one.
"At the present time officers of 'the
State of Colorado, under the guise and
pretext of enforcing law, have ordered
a large number of reputable and self
sustaining citizens and residents to
leave Telluride, Colo., under penalty of
being imprisoned or otherwise severely
dealt with. These citizens are residents
and are not guilty of any crime against
the laws of the State or the United
States. The constitution and laws of
the United States pertaining to cfvil
rights are being flagrantly violated, and
we call upon you, under the civil rights
statutes and under section 19SS of the
Revised Statutes of the United States,
to investigate conditions prevailing
there and give to these persons who
have been so outraged the protection
guaranteed to them by the law of the
land." •
Miners has sent the following telegram
to President Roosevelt:
"There is no reason for any friotion.
We are, on the contrary, actuated by a
common desire for party success' and
increased votes, and propose unitedly to
work to that end."
Senator Platt said to-night that all
participants in the conference had
agreed in pronouncing Bruce's manage
ment most admirable and that Bruce
was asked to remain. The Senator
said:
. "The efforts of the Democratic press
to stir up sedition in the Republican
party and to disrupt the friendly rela
tions which have so long existed be
tween Its leaders have be.en unavailing
and the unpleasant rumors of enmity
between the Governor and myself ought
to be set at rest."
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Governor Odell
late this afternoon announced the .res
ignation of M. Lynn Bruce Jrom the
chairmanship of the Republican Com
mittee of New York County. . Bruce
was urged to remain by Odell, who as
sured him of his hearty support, but he
said that the pressure of private duties
rendered his retirement imperative.
The announcement of Bruce's resig
nation came as the climax of a day of
conferences participated in by the Gov
ernor, Senator Platt, Colonel Dunn,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, Bruce and others. After these
conferences Governor Odell. Issued .. a
statement, saying that conclusions sat
isfactory to all were reached, and
added:
WASHINGTON, I>eo. 2.— The annual
report of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow for the fiscal year end
ed June 30 last makes- the following
recommendations: An appropriation
to construct Inspectors' lookouts' in
postofflces wherever necessary in the
opinion of tha Postmaster General;
that the interstate commerce law be
amended so as to prohibit common car
riers from aiding and abetting In the
green goods, lottery or any other
scheme carried on partly by mail and
partly by common carrier, in violation
of the postal laws; that special agents
and postofflce inspectors be hereafter
designated rural agents; that the
provision that rural carriers shall -not
be prohibited from doing an express
business be repealed; that the maxi
mum of a rural carrier be increased
to $750 per annum for a route of twen
ty-five miles or more In length, and
the enactment of a law requiring -as
sistant postmasters, cashiers and other
employes to give bonds to postmasters
direct, and holding postmasters re
sponsible under their own bonds.
There are now in • operation ~ 19,390
rural free delivery routes. It is esti
mated that 3360 additional routes can
be established out of the appropriation
now available, making 22,678 which will
be in operation or ordered established
by March 1, 1904. Bristow's report
says:
"An Investigation, which Is still ' in
progress, has shown that for a number
of y^ars supplies for the free delivery
service have not been purchased with
an eye to the public Interests. Both
in the matter of quality and the cost
of equipment the ruling has been in
dividual gain. This applies to articles
furnished under regular contract, such
as street collection boxes and carriers*
satchels, as well as to those bought In
the open- market under the exigency
privilege, which has been abused. Fa
vored 'contractors, abetted by a trusted
but- unfaithful official, have corrupted
the public service. An early and thor
ough reformation will be. undertaken
along the' line of service of equipment
with the prospect of improved service
at a reduced 'cost. Fraudulent con
tracts have beeen abrogated. , In the
reletting of contracts competition will
have fair and free play."
It. is intimated that Miss Templeton
has a private arrangement with Lehr
for his Instruction, but despite the eri 1 
treatles of her press agent she refuses
to say anything about the affair.
I>ehr's visit .to Washington has been
mysterious ami few knew that he was
here. As his "impersonations" have
niade him famous in the past, it is said
*.hat he will at the coming affair make
up in as close an imitation of Miss
Templeton as possible, and will give
her Impersonations of Lillian Russell,
Anna Held, Mrs. Carter, Fougere and
others. '
CA-LL BUREAU, "06 G STREET, N.
•YT.,: WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Harry
Lehr of New Yprlc has been in the audl
.encti which saw "The Runaways" in
ihe Columbia Theater for two nights,
.and it Is said that he is here for the
purpose of studying Miss Fay Temple
ton and her imitations with a view of
producing them at the coming- society
mask ball to be given by Mrs. Astor.
' -Miss Templeton refused to say any
thing about the report to-night, either
In- affirmation or denial. Even to her
manager Miss Templeton has been
Very uncommunicative about the mat
ter, and the only state.ment in regard
to it is the formers informal one that
it is understood that Miss Templeton
is -coaching I^ehr, both, "in private and
through his presence in her audience,
to reproduce some of her famous imita
tions of some' well-known 'actresses.
SpMiaJ Dispatch to The Call.
GALVESTON. Tex., Dec. 2.— D. B.
Henderson and Walter Gresham to-day
filed suit against the executors of the
Collis P. Huntingdon estate for 1500,000
damages, alleging taut In 1899 he
agreed with them upon certain condi
tions to tray the stock of the Galveston
and Western Hallway and to advance
the money necessary to Improve and
equip the road. It Is alleged that Hunt
ington agreed that he would pay the
petitioners $200,000 in 4 per cent first
mortgage bonds of baid road and
would cause the Southern Pacific Com
pany to guarantee them. The petition
ers state that according to a subsequent
agreement, and after Mr. Huntlngton's
death, they delivered to Huntington's
Texas representatives 3130 shares of
the capital stoc*"bf said company, val
ued at J213.000, and caused Judgments
to be assigned aggregating $94,585; that
since September 1, 1900, the Southern
Pacific has operated the road, but that
the defendants have rejected the claim
of the petitioners to their damage as
above stated.
Special Dispatch to The OIL
Report Declares Rural De
livery System Should
Be Purified.
Galveston Men Allege That
Agreement Was Violated
in Railroad Deal.
Rebels Given Thorough Whip
ping by Forces of
Leonard. Wood.
?i Lynn Bruce Resigns Prom
the County Committee
Chairmanship.
Hopes to Amuse New York's
Smart Set at Coming
Bal Masque.
Arrives to Assume Charge
of the Coal District
Strike.
Executive Is Told How to
Act to Win Uncle Sam's
Friendship.
Studies Female Imper
sonations Under Pay
• Teraptetbn.
General Wade Reports
on Conditions on
the Island.
National Leader Given
Noisy Welcome in
Trinidad.
Many iChanges Are Pro
- posed in Postal
New York Leaders Give
the Lie to the Dem
ocratic Press.
Minister Has. Interview
With the President of
Santo Domingo.
Late Magnate's E3tate Is
Sued for $500,000
Damages.
MINERS CHEER
JOHN MITCHELL
LEHR IS SEEKING
MEW NOTORIETY
JDLO IS PACIFIED;
400 MOROS SLAIN
SAY HUNTINGTON
BROKE HIS WORD
BRISTOW STILL
TALKS REFORM
POWELL GIVES
MORALES ADVICE
ODELL AND PLATT
HAVE NO DISPUTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1903.
3
HAVE YOU SEEN THE
NEW CATP-
YOTJ'LL ROAB WITH
LAUGHTEB
AT THE*
MEOWS OF A KITTY.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Quality price — Schilling's
Best — don't waste your money
trying to make it go further.
- Your grocer's ; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS..
I •
Laundered Percale Shirts tike These— $1
An extraordinary purchase enables us to sell good percale shirts like
A large manufacturer who makes shirts to retail for SI. JO and upwards
accepted a large order from us when his factory was not busy. Our order
wa^ so large that he consented to give us an extremely low figure. He
gave us the same materialand workmanship that goes into his $150 shirts.
This ; fortunate purchase and a close profit of our own enables us to
sell $1.50 shirts for $1,00.
Tbe colors and designs are the latest fall productions. The colors are
gray, tan, blue, stone and white grounds with colored figures or stripes
in harmony;;'
We guarantee fit; color, workmanship and material. Any purchaser after
having worn a shirt who is not fully convinced that the shirt is worth $1.50
can have hjs- money back or a ne\v shirt at no cost.
dress DeptL^ " 740 Market Street. sue and co/or.
RQOS BROS.
Smoking Jackets Galore
f^V* WHAT BEITER CHRISTMAS
GIFT FOR THE MAN OF THE
j HOUSEHOLD THAN A SMOK-
. '• ING JACKET?
WE'VE GOT IT HERE FOR HIM—
YOU'VE ONLY TO COME AND PICK
. ALL THE IMPORTED NOVELTIES
—WARM, COMFORT-GIVING-THE
IDEAL NEGLIGEE HOUSE GARMENT.
20 Styles at $5 00
18 Styles at $7.50
1 7 Styles at $10.00*
Others from $12.50 to $35.
KEARNY AT POSTLate Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Dr. Cyrus
Edson died to-night of pneumonia at
the"' RooseveUy Hospital. Dr. Edson
was the "author of many articles on
medical subjects arid was also the Jn
yentor^of many useful 'surgical instru
ments. ;
Well-Known Physician Dies.
, Harry ;Tuthill,; # whb has 'acted as
i.Young Corbett's -trainer in. his prin
cipal fights, arrived here"'* yesterday
from the . East. ;-, _ He went at once to
SheehanV and assumed charge of the
featherweight champion's . condition^
Ing.^ 1 '" . _ ¦;- : .;V : . " ¦'.' ¦¦¦¦¦"''. >'¦
Trainer Tuthill'Is Here.
CHICAGO, Dec 2.— Gustav Marx, the
only one of the car barn bandits who,
when arraigned in court, pleaded guilty,
enjtaeed a lawyer to-day and prepared
to change the plea to one of not guilty.
The bandits will, it is expected, all plead
hereditary insanity. f&SGA
Eoy Bandits to Plead Insanity.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Robert, B.
Gatling,.a son of 'the", late .Richard J.
GatI ing, inventor of * Uie gun which
bearshis name, was found dead in bed
in his apartments In] this" city .to-day.
A doctor said, death, was due to heart
disease. He was about 35 years old.
Found Dead in Bed.
. The "polo players of the Burlingame
Country Club will play a match game
tmV afternoon on the club field ¦ near
the" railway station. Play will com
mence at '3 o'clock. Teams will be
chosen from among the . following
players: T. A. Driscoll, Charles Dun
'phy, F. J. Carolan, \ Lawrence Mc-
Creery, Walter McCreery.'R.M. To
blnjv Cyril Tobln,": J. . brTobln and E.
;W. Howardi ' '¦'' '&+$.
Polo at Burlingame.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2— The funeral of
Dr. "Wallace O. Buckland was held to
day at 2 o'clock from the First Presby
terian Church. Preceding the removal of
the remains to the church a short ser
vice was held at the family residence,
.1370 Franklin street. The services were
conducted by the Rev. E. E. Baker. A
touching incident of the funeral was the
singing of several hymna'by a delega
tion of children from f the Italian Mis
sion. For several years before his death
Dr. Buckland took great interest in the
work of the mission, which is located on
Fifth street. After the regular services
the leader of the mission . said a few
words In Italian. The music was fur
nished by a quartet under the direction
of Alfred "Wilkie. The other members of
the quartet were: D. M. Lawrence. H.
W. Patrick and Wilhelm Nielsen. The
pallbearers were: From the Masons,
County. Auditor G. W. Bacon and Deputy
County Assessor J. R. Sloan;" represent-'
lnp the physicians. Dr. John Fearn Jr.
and Dr. John Purves;' representing the
Presbyterian Mission on Fifth street.
Messrs. La Frank and Bencio.
Funeral of Dr. W. 0. Buckland.
Ann Burrows, one of Marin County's
earliest settlers' died this evening at
her home in San . Anselmo. Mrs. Bur
rows was* 73 years old/ * ,^ .
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to day: ' John A. Nealtng,
34, and Mrs. Sophia F. Cory. 31. Both of
San Francisco; Mosfe Hellnian. 26, and
Dora Mendelson. 21, both of Oakland;
George H. MacMeekin, over. 21. and
Adele Richon. over 18, both of San
Francisco.
BOULDER, Colo., Dec.' 2.— Colonel
Henry H. Hadley, aged 50 years, a
wealthy New Yorker, died in the Colo
rado Sanitarium to-day of consump
tion. He ' is survived by a wldovv\ and
a son, 'the latter an J Episcopal j clergy
man* at Richmond, Ind. Colonel Hadley
was a temperance worker of ..national
reputation^; At the time of his death he
was "building,, a $10,000 sanitarium in
Four-Mile,' on Boulder Creek, for con
sumptives." •
Colonel Hadley Passes Away.
MODESTO, Dec, 2. — An .unidenti
fied man committed suicide at noon
to-day in the Hoffman restaurant in
Oakdale by shooting himself through
the head. He was well dressed and
had a few cents in money in his
pocket.
Shoots Himself Through Head.
A securities, or holding, company \wlll
be formed to take 51 per cent'of the
stock of.the bank, to be formed .under
$fexican law^ with a capital of 517,000,^
000 silver. * The depositors in the'de
funct bank will be asked to take r,tock
in the new institution for B0 per cent of
their deposits and receive the remain
ing 60 per cent of deposits" in cash. The
new bank would have locaj directors, as
well as- American directors. .It, is fig^
ured> that- the depositors -.of .the'Interr
national Bank would eventually. "get the
full amount of ' their deposit's " In this
way': if desired, as it is. claimed that
the stock of the new institutions would
'soon be salable at par. , . , ;*j;K'
MEXICO' CITY, .Dec. - 2.— President
Hunt of the recently suspended Inter-"
national Bank and .Trust Company has
formulated a plan for the reorganlzaX
tlon of that institution, which he has
sent from New York. . The'' plan Is as
follows: - 1 / '' -
President Hunt Suggests the Forma
tion of "a New Securities
Company.
PLAN TO BEOBGANIZE A
DEFUNCT MEXICAN BANK
Former Soldier Is Under Arrest.
KESWICK, Dec. 2. — R. H. \ an
Schlick. former Philippine soldier,
bearing several bullet scars, was ar
rested at the Keswick smelter to-day
by Deputy Sheriff George Wiley of
Redding at the request of Sheriff
Veale of Contra Costa County.- The
nature of Van Schllck's offajise is not
known here. . ¦
The Stanford team has not yet been
chosen, but will^be selected from .the
following: C. R. % Crader, F. E. Carle
ton. J. H. Conovef, O. E. Dole, C. F.
Elwell, C. L. Oreer, C W.. Henderson,
F. L. Hill. A. M. Irwin, A. O. Johnson.
H. O. Jenkins," E. M. Morehouse, S. H.
Pierce, G. T. Presley, F. M. Redman,
J. L. Scudder, M. M. Sterns, J. B.
Stevenson. EL T. Wagner, R. F. West,
T. E. Pardoe and A. J. Chalmers.
. BERKELEY, Dec. 2.— The Califor
nia and Stanford freshmen basketball
teams will play" the first game of the
intercollegiate series Saturday
ing in Harmon gymnasium. The Cal
ifornia team has been practicing hard
this, last week under the coaching, of
the members- of last year's varsity
winners — S. P. Koch, W. G. Musgrove
and A- F. Ferguson. The experience
of the veterans has been very useful
to the freshmen and the team is in
shape to beat their opponents. The
line-up for Saturday will be as fol
lows: Forwards, F. A. Wherry, J. W.
Horton and P. H. Chubb; centers,. R.
D. Rush and C. B. Head; guards, R.
I* Egenhoff," C. F. Marshal and H: E.
Goff. : -
Intercollegiate Basketball.
' Joseph J. Foley, a well known
liquor- drummer, died suddenly, of
rheumatism of the heart In a hotel at
Phoenix, Ariz., last -night. Foley
leaves. a wife and Hwoi small. children
residing at 629 Hayes street.. He was
well known in this city, -where he had
been associated with prominent liquor
firms for more than ten years. He
was a prominent member of, the Elks
and Red Men. The. remains will be
brought to this city for burial.
Drummer Dies Suddenly.
VALLEJO, Dec. 2.— The local Ma
sonic lodges have perfected arrange
ments for laying the cornerstone, of
the new Carnegie public library build
ing in this city. The ceremony will
be performed next Saturday by the
Grand Lodge, F. and A. M., of Califor
nia. Commanderies of Knights Tem
plar will be in attendance from Stock
ton, Santa Rosa, Vacaville, Napa and
Vallejo, while other commanderies
will be represented by
Hon. J. J. Luchsinger ..will act as
grand marshal. Three bands will
s.upply music and the visitors will be
banqueted in the' evening at the pa
vilion. . .
Masons- Will Lay Cornerstone.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2. — Professor
George A. Deprez, a well known mu
sician of this city, died suddenly. at
his home, 174 North Fourth street,
early this morning of heart disease.
Deprez was a native of Shelbyvllle,
Ind., and 38 years of age. He was a
graduate of New York' and London
conservatories of music and at one
time was professor , of music at . the
University of the Pacific. A wjfe sur
vives him. Deprez was a member -of
St. Clair ( Club and a prominent Elk.
Death of a Professor of Music.
A recent communication to the State
Department Incloses an appeal from the
Chambers of Commerce of Hongkong,
Shanghai and -Tientsin for the favor
able action of the powers in aiding
China to adopt a uniform currency as
the first step- toward a gold standard.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.-7-A cable mes
sarehaV been received here from Pro
fessor Jeremiah Jenks of the Com
mittee on International Exchange,
who is now at Tokio, saying he Irad
received the ccirdial support of' the
Japanese Government in the project
of putting China on the gold standard.
Charles A. Conant, one of the mem
bers of the committee, said to-day that
"Professor Jenks would probably spend
'a" few '.weeks -in* the Philippines and
woufd then-take up with the Chinese
Government the* question of practical
measures -for. putting an .end to -the
evils of fluctuating exchange in China.
Japan Promises Cordial
Support to That
CHINA TO HAVE
GOLD STANDARD
PARIS. Dec. 2.— During the discus
sion of the budget in'tbe Chamber of
Deputies to-day M. Rouvier, Minister
of Finance, replying to general criti
'cisms of the. Government, declared that
the conditions of the national credit
were most satisfactory. The fall In
rentes, he said, was chiefly due to gen
eral causes, wbich had also affected
the other nations of Europe, but in the
absence of certain local causes would
have had a* less effect dn France. M.
Rouvier said that unscrupulous poli
ticians had striven to Increase the feel
ing of distrust with a view to discredit
ing the Government. The deficit in the
budget, he admitted, had also bad an
unfavorable effect on rentes. Whether
a loan would be issued depends upon
the policy of the Chamber.
At present" the Government has no
intention of floating a loan, but if the
Chamber refused to supply the Gov
ernment with needful resources," there
by compelling the Issue of 59,000,000 of
short-time obligations, the floating of
a loan might be found necessary.
Regarding withdrawals from the sav
ings banks, "the Minister pointed out
that these withdrawals were excessive
only in reactionary districts, from
which fact he Invited the members of
the Chamber to draw their conclusions.
¦French Minister of Fi
nance Challenges
• Criticism.
The Jetty on the south spit Is making
rapid progress, and the resuha so far
indicate an increasing depth of water
on the bar. The Government has ap
propriated in all $125,000 for Grays,
Harbor improvements, which will open
a magnificent country richly endowed
with lumber and agricultural resources.
It is understood that the board has
recommended that the wishes of Ho
qulam should be favored, though the
removal of 250,000 cubic yards of earth
is required, against 154,000 cubic yards
in the couth channel.
A contract has already been let for
dre'dging at 13 8-10 cents per yard, and
It is believed that early in the season
the improvements in the inner harbor
will be completed.
The citizens of Hoqulam, which la
the site of extensive lumber, manufac
turing Interests, have urged the deep
ening of the north channel, by which
a depth of sixteen feet could be main
tained on the water front. Other in
terests demanded that a channel should
be dredged on the south side of tfie
north channel.
A committee from the United Sta.t»«
Corps of Engineers, consisting- of Lieu
tenant Colonel Thomas H. Hanbury of
San Francisco, Major William C.
Langfltt and Captain William H. Hart,
of Seattle, returned from Grays Har
bor yesterday after a week spent in an
inspection of the Improvements which
have been undertaken by the Govern
ment at that point. The particular
duty assigned was to determine the
location /or extensive dredging opera
tions, by which a channel from the s'ea,
for vessels drawing sixteen feet may
be secured to the towns of Hoqulam,
Aberdeen, Cosmopolla on the bay. «nd
to Montesano, on the Chehalla River.
At present, except at high tide, the
channel does, not exceed ten feet -in
depth.
Government to Spend
Money to Deepen* ..
Channel.
WILL DREDGE
GRAYS HARBOR
It was reported to-night that If Sals
bury does not take the witness stand
to-morrow warrants will be issued for
the arrest of some of those Implicated
by Salsbury In the conspiracy part of
the deal, and it was partly confirmed
by Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Ward, who has the cases in hand.
Ex-City Attorney Lant Salsbury was
confined to his bed at his home all day
suff ering from nervous prostration, and
in consequence the examination in the
case of Alderman Ellen of the First
Ward, charged with accepting a bribe
of $350 in the water deal proposal, was
postponed in the Police Court until to
morrow morning. • -.
Inquiry by telephone at Salsbury's
residence to-night elicited the informa
tion that he thought' he would be able
to go to cour.t to-morrow, morning and
resume his testimony in regard to his
assertion that he paid Alderman Ellen
a bribe of $350 to assist In putting the
water contract through the Council In
1900. • '- '\
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 2.—At
torney John McDonald's announce-:
ment that he expected five of his cli
ents to plead guilty In "the Superior
Court was the principal development In
the water plant boodle scandal to-day.
Five of Attorney McDonald's clients
appeared before the police magistrates
and waived examination to the higher
court. It is generally understood that
those who pleaded guilty of accepting
bribes will be punished by fines and no
imprisonment, and that they will be
used as witnesses by the prosecution in
the cases of those of the accused city
officials who insist upon having trials.
The five men who waived examina
tion are ex-Aldermen John Donovan,
Clark E. Slocum, John McLachlan,
Reyner Stonehouse and" C. P. Bissell,
a former 1 member -of the '.Board of
Works. Ex-Alderman Lozier. it is said,
will waive examination to-morrow, but
Alderman Johnson, of the Seventh
Waid, will insist upon an examination
in the lower courti . y
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— While his wife
and daughter, who are Christian Sci
entists, fervently prayed beside him
that he he healed, George Monroe, the
old-time actor, died in the rear room of
a saloon to-night. •
The grief-stricken women were still
offering supplications that he be re
stored to health when his life curtain
fell so softly that they did not know
he was dead.
Monroe, who was B0 years old,/ had
played Uncle Tom in the dramatization
of Harriet Beecher Stowe's novel in
every State in the Union and in most
of the" Canadian provinces. He had
not' been in good health lately. Mrs.
Monroe and her daughter, Mary, are
devoted followers of Mrs. Eddy. To
night they. Induced Moiiroe to attend a
Christian Scientist meeting in v West
Twenty-third, street.: After the meeting
Monroe told the women he felt so much
better that he- would like to walk home.
But the walk through the blustery
snow weakened' "him*. - When " "they
reached First avenue and Sixteenth
street Monroe nearly collapsed.
"I am .very ill," he gasped. "I must
sit:down." fzL . , . :- ¦ j : -;-:•
Supported by his wife and daughter,
Monroe staggered through the .rear
door of Thomas Smith's saloon on that
corner and sank into a chair. Soon,
with a deep sigh-, his head' fell forward
upon the table.
:Smith,* the saloonkeeper, informed a
policeman that a man was very ill in
the sitting-room of his establishment,
and the policeman called an ambulance
from Bellevue Hospital. When Dr.
Palmer arrived Mrs. Monroe and Miss
Mary were still fervently offering 'their
supplications, while on .the other side
of the door the clink of glasses and
men's loud laughter sounded. Quickly
the surgeon examined Monroe and
vainly sought his pulse. .- %££
"He's dead," said Dr. Palmer. . v
The wife and daughter burst into
tears. . i^*. : rvu"??> (
Special Dispatch to The Call
Oneral George G. Meade Post. G. A.
R., has elected the following officers
for .the ensuing year: Commander, W-
F. Toothaker; senior vice commander,
P. M. Bolton: Junior vice commander,
Isldor Simon:, quartermaster, W.- F.
Howe; •surgeon, Francis H. Johnson;
chaplain, W. W. Freeland; officer of the
day, Phil Herrier; officer of the guard,
.William Teichert.- Delegates to the de
partment'encampment at Los Angeles:
J. C- Scott, .Walter- Bernard and John
H. Coburn; 'alternates: P. M. Bolton,
L. W. 'Simmons and .William Bennett.
George O.- Meade Post.
ROUVIER GIVES
SHARP REPLY
More Disclosures Are
Looked Form Grand •
Rapids Scandal.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
in wood and leather. We* are agents for
TVinsor & Newton, makers of tha best
nrtist materials In the world. Sanborn.
VaU & Co.. '41 Market street. •.
Pathetic Passing of
George Monroe in
New York.
OLD-TIME ACTOR
OFF LIFE'S STAGE
. The body of W. Humphries, a car
penter, was found floating in the bay at
the" foot of Sixth street yesterday after
noon by two members of the crew of
i ho scow Sycamore. On a medal fasten
ed around the neck of the dead man
the sentiment "I. H. S.— God Wills It"
was graven and a ecapular, such as is
worn by Catholics, was also discovered
on the body. The remains were Iden
tified late last night by John F. Hum
phries. 607 Fell street, a. brother of the.
'dead man.
.Humphries vouchsafed no reason for
the suicide of his brother other than
that he was mentally unbalanced. He
resided at 607 Fell street and was a
carpenter by occupation; but had been
out of employment for some time past.
On the body of the unfortunate man
Vas found a clipping from a dally .pa
per telling of a man who had called at
the, Mills building eome time ago and
dictated a letter regarding his Inten
tion of ending his own life.
Mrs. N. E. W. Smith, a notary, called
at the Morgue 6oon after the body was
brought in and identified the remains
as those of a man who had called- at
her ofBce on several occasions soliciting
financial aid. She 6tated that she had
often let him have money, but finally
she refused' t& aid him further, be
lieving him", to be a victim of the
liquor habit. .
ROME, Dec. 2.— The Pope to-day
received in private audience Bellamy
Storer, United States Embassador to
Austria, and Mrs. Storer. During the
audience the Pope's manner was most
affable and the conversation was of an
extremely cordial character. The Pope
expressed great satisfaction at the good
feeling and the kindly interest dis
played in the United States during the
illness of .Pope Leo and the sorrow
shown at his death, as well as the
pleasure evinced by Americans in his
own election as the successor of Leo.
The Pope, said,, he was especially
touched when he learned of the mani
i festations of sympathy" and pity in the
Protestant churches of the United
-State during the illness" of Pope Leo.
Much knowledge of American affairs
was shown by the" Pope, who said that
he greatly desired to please the people
of the United States.
BOODLERS WILL
PLEAD G UI LT Y
CHICAGO,. Dec. 2.— A general strike
against the George A. Fuller Con
struction Company and the sub-con
tractors of that company was declared
to-night by the executive board of the
Bridge and Structural Ironworkers'
International Association, now in ses
sion in Chicago. The fight against the
Fuller Company will b'e centered in
New York city, where the Fuller Com
pany is 'said to have assisted in the
formation of a rival union of bridge,
structural and architectural ironwork
ers.
The Fuller Company is said to have
contracts aggregating more than $20,
000,000 in the following cities. New
York, Kansas City, Baltimore, Phila
delphia, Omaha, St. Louis, Boston,
Washington and Pittsburg. Nearly
10,000 men. are, said to be directly af
fected by the strike order in these cities,
and in the event* that sympathetic
strikes are. called, more than 70,000 will
be affected.
*— - : -, *
Segrue was taken to Los 'Angeles .and
while the surgeons were preparing to
operate on him "he died. Hercules also
was taken to Los Angeles and lodged
in Jail on a charge, of murder. When
he was being handcuffed by the SherhT
he saidU
"AH-that I ask is tjlat you hang me
good and clean and that you don't
make a bungle of it. I shot. that man
and I'm glad of It. but I did not want
to hurt the others."
Shortly before moon to-day Hercules
appeared in the shop with two .re
volvers in his hands and, without warn
ing, began shooting at the men who
were working there. He particularly
aimed at Clutter and Segrue, who hfe
claimed had caused him to be dis-"
charged.; He fired twelve shots, two of
which struck. Segrue.. Clatter escaped
uninjured. As Hercules was attempt
ing to reload his -revolvers the othef
men in the shop overpowered him and
surrendered him to an officer.
REDONDO, Dec. 2.— The joshing b'y]
employes of the blacksmith shops of^
the Los Angeles - Redqndo Electric
Railroad of a young man who had
been discharged ; for disobedience of
orders resulted in- .a murder here to
day, wholly unprovoked. That otheY
persons were not. killed was due only
to the poor marksmanship of the mur
derer. •
The victim is Timothy S«rgrue, agedf
So, a man of family.. Hli stayer- is
Amos Hercules. Hercules . had been
employed as helper for O. T % Clutter,
a blacksmith, and several days ago"
he was discharged. Every time he a ap
peared at the shops since his discharge
the other employes Joshed him untU
he became so «nraged that he" declared
that unless he gojt his jdb back some-r
body would be hurt. •
Special Dispatch to" The Call
As affecting the personnel of the
navy, Admiral Taylor refers to the need
of more' officers as engineers. Atten
tion also Is called to a defect which Ad
miral Taylor says is common to most
military service, whether -at. sea or on
land, namely, the advanced age at
which officers reach the more impor
tant commands. The duty of com
manding a battleship and fleets of bat
tleships/ he says, is one which requires,
together with a large experience and
ability, the energy and nervous endur
ance which Is found as a rule among
men much younger than those who will
command our battleships and fleets for
some years to come. As a remedy for
the present defect. he urges the retire
ment of officers when they have
reached a certain age in a certain
grade. , He suggests that an officer of
60 5 years of • age, ,who has not attained
the' rank of captain, retire, and that a
captain who at-56 has not reached the
grade of rear; admiral, retire. .After
urging an addition to the service of
thirty lieutenant commanders and fifty
lieutenants, Admiral Taylor says that
at present lieutenants are doing the
duty which "should be done by lieuten
ant commanders. : , .
Regarding the t creation ofi a general
staff, Admiral Taylor says:
"The present organization of the de
partment is inadequate because it fails
to co-ordinate the efforts of the several
bureaus to" a common end, and nowhere
fixes responsibility under the Secretary
for -the general efficiency of the fleet
andi its preparedness for war. The ne
cessity, continues for some authorita
tive 'direction under the Secretary of
the Navy of the general: affairs of the
fleet as a military organization."
PERSONNEL OF THE NAVY.
The report says the Asiatic station
needs six cruisers of an Improved
Olympla type and four cruisers of the
scout cruiser type, of which latter two
can now be provided. It is also urged
that two smaller gunboats or large
launches be provided immediately for
service in Chinese rivers for the protec
tion of American interests where the
present gunboats cannot operate owing
to their size.
Admiral Taylor expresses the opinion
that a large number of cruisers will be
very necessary during the next few
years. Admiral Taylor treats at great
length on the subject of desertion,
showing that for the year 1903 the per
centage was 12.9. Among the various
reasons assigned by officers, as well as
the men themselves, he says, are dis
content with the food, discomforts as
to sleeping accommodations, confine
ment on board ship without . frequent
liberty to visit shore, harshness In lan
guage and bearing on the part of of
ficers-toward the crew,, the disappoint
ment .of the recruit, who believed that
sea service was a pleasant" and easy
thing,. and -the 'restless spirit existing
among some of the men. He estimates
that the desertions on account of food,
close quarters, restricted liberty to go
ashore and causes incident to j the men
them'selves,' including •' love of ' change,
at riot above 9 per cent of the force,
and says when desertions go above that
percentage departments should exam
ine closely the causes which produce
the increase. Admiral Taylor believes
that the evil of desertion in the com
ing year will show signs of a steady
diminution, due to the many allevia
tions which have been introduced and
to the Rewards now offered to the men
who remain in the service. , .f»V:<
Washington; bee. 2.— The annual
report of Admiral H. C. Taylor, chief
of the bureau of navigation; recom
mends the creation of a general staff
In the navy, the appointment of two
vice admirals, one for the Asiatic sta
tion and one for the North Atlantic
station, a material increase in the num
ber of officers and the. addition of a
number of ships to the navy.
An increase in the number of cruisers,,
forming the Caribbean squadron to
eight is urged, five of an improved
Olympla type and three specially 11 con
structed light draught vessels for river
work."
Admiral Taylor calls attention to the
irregular character of the training
squadron, and urges in the interests of
true economy the building of training
vessels which would be useful in war.
The construction of eight such vessels
is recommended, to be of the size of
the San Francisco, with a sea speed of
sixteen knots and with large coal en
durance, but with such reduction" in
armament as to be capable of berthing
a large number.
For the European station six new
cruisers are recommended. On the
Asiatic station Admiral Taylor says
the situation demands a battleship
squadron, a cruiser squadron and a
squadron of- small vessels. Admiral
Taylor concurs in the recommendation
of Admiral Evans that the principal
naval station in the Philippines be es
tablished at Olongapo, Subig Bay.
MOEE SHIPS FOR ASIA.
The scientists 1 " of the agricultural de
partment of the University of / Cali
fornia who have been conducting the
campaign against the codlin moth re
turned to-day from eight months of
warring at Watsonville, the favorite
summer resort of the destructive in
sect. These investigators are entirely
Justified in saying that \ they were
wholly successful in the campaign, for
the loss of fruit through the codlin
moths' ravages this year was only 5
per cent, against 40 per cent for last
year, making a net saving • of 35 per
cent.
The work was carried on at various
times by Professor C. W. Woodworth,
Warren T. Clark, W. H. Voick and J.
S. Hunter, though these men were not
in the field all the time. The flnishlng
up work was done by. Mr. Volck,' who
returned to-day with Mr. Hunter and
furnished the data connected with It.
All of the appropriation of $2925, which
was provided by Monterey and Santa
Crux' counties, was used in the experi
ments. ' A hundred orchards were
treated, the larger part of the work
being carried on in the Pajaro Valley,
the principal apple region of. the State.
Now that the moth has been almost
exterminated the scientists will turn
their attention to the Invention of a
-new spray. It was found that the ar
senical sprays used this summer caused
the leaves to drop and the fruit to be
come smaller, so that a: less injurious
spray must be found.
By far the work most interesting to
the non-agricultural world was carried
on by Mr. .Hunter, whose endeavors
were directed toward discovering the
economic value of birds to the orchard
ists and whether they eat any percep
tible per cent of the codlin moth or any
other destroying insect. During ,. his
eight months' stay in the valley Mr.
Hunter killed 1300 birds of different
kinds and sent their stomachs to
Washington for examination by Dr. F.
E. L. Beal, chief ornithologist -of . the
Department of Agriculture. | It was in
tended that if .the birds were destruc
tible to insects to encourage their pro
pogation. ¦••-». - .
1 The examination of the. stomachs of
the black srrosbeak by Dr.., Beal re
vealed that. 90 per centf of the insect
food in them was injurious to ¦ ' crops!
Out of this 90 per cent 14 per cent was
found to be codlin- moth, pupae. In
some cases there.. were. 100 per cent of
codlin moth, while in ethers. there was
only fi per ¦cBnfand^a: large per cent r of
caterpillars. • ¦ . .
Of the fifty species taken the- gros
beak was found to be the most destruc
tive of insects and the linnet the least.
Mr. Hunter finds that none of theblrds
are as injurious to trees as at first sup
posed, and that they ought to be pro
tected ,-mpre, -especially iat;the nesting
time. • • ..' ".' - .... '¦"•¦' ;'",'. ','.'* '"." ..'.'*. ~X
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, . Dec. 2.
Goldstein's' body -was interred this
morning in Mountain View Cemetery.
The parents and , a sister. Miss Annie
Goldstein, followed the hearse tot the
cemetery, where. the Rev. Adolph •' T.
Jatho conducted a brief service.
"For a while he attended Woodbury
College in Los Angeles, but in March
of this year left the college before he
had completed his course. Kiniry had
been around the house and had induced
my son to leave. , Before I knew, it he
had packed my boy's 'clothes in , his
trunk. My son told me he was going
to San Francisco with Kiniry. I begged
him to stay with me, but he told me he
was going and I could not Induce him
to remain at hpme.
"In June I made up my mind to go
to San Francisco and was preparing
for the journey, when Frank and Kin
iry walked into the house. My son said
he had been working at Redington's.
He stayed around home for three
months and Kiniry was there a great
deal. At last I said Frank ought to
find a position. I didn't think Kiniry
was a good companion for the boy, be
cause he was roaming about too much.
"When they left In September it was,
as I was told, for Frank to return to
Redington's, where, he had said he was
earning $50 a month..
"That Sunday he' left was the; last
time I saw him- alive."
The last letter he wrote; was "from
Oakland. The one before that; was
from San Francisco.* I remember he
said in It: 'Mother," if it is God's .will
I will soon be with you again and
everything will be O;K.' '¦'. ¦'¦ ..-.
"Such things, as these in his letters
disturbed me, although not until" after
his death did I know positively that
for. months I had been deceived."
Other testimony offered was that of
Charles Kutz and Fred Kutz, Miss
Daisy Nolan and Policeman J. M.
Cockerton as to the finding ,of Gold
stein's body and as to circumstances
surrounding the shooting; Dr. . J.- M.
Kane, the autopsy surgeon, "and Eu
gene S. Van Court, who took Policeman
Smith's dying statement at the Receiv
ing Hospital.
Subscriptions to the testimonial fund
Intended ' to raise ; the mortgage of
$2800 on the late 'Patrolman Smith's
home are being received at the Central
Bank and at the Oakland newspaper
offices.
"Kiniry's mother and himself 'came'
direct to our house at 204 Turk street,
San Francisco, from St. Louis. She
left the boy there when he was about
17 years old. He. wofked in a drug
store on Market street. But he left me
and went to his aunt in Vallejq, where;
he learned carpentering. Kiniry used
to visit my house frequently until I
l«f t San Francisco In 1901. My eon was
working for three years In the Phila
delphia Shoe Store on Third street,
and after that 1 sent him to Heald's
Business College. Soon "after I went to
Los Angeles my boy came to me there.
He worked eight or nine months as
bookkeeper for Albert Maulhardt at
Oxnard and returned to Los Angeles'in
December of last year. . . ' . •¦ .
KINIBY'S BAD INFLUENCE.
"You will no doubt be surprised when
you receive this to hear that I have
moved. I am living with a private
family and have my breakfast with
them in the morning. I think I am go
ing up to Sacramento Sunday, and will
be up there a few. days. • •. * i *. •
You say that I will not give you 'a
chance to see me in 'Frisco. I did hot
know you were coming up here, mother.
I don't see why you keep worrying
about my position. I am all right. The
only thing is I am keeping en the move.
•."¦'.? • • I have not seen the Maurers
-for over two weeks. You don't know
how I have to" keep going. ' I haven't
.much chance to go around to , see any
one."
Of her acquaintance with Kiniry, Mrs.
Greiner said: ¦'
"My son had been at home about
three months before he left me. He
wrote to me every week always from
San Francisco, except the last time,
when he wrote me from Oakland. His
last letter was what aroused my sus
picions, because he said he had to move
about so much. I could not understand
if he was working in Ban Francisco
why he should move to Oakland. Not
a word did he ever say about Kiniry.
Not until after- my son's* death did I
know the truth."
Coroner Mehrmann read extracts as
follows from the last letter Mrs. Grei
ner received from her son:
Justifiable homicide -was the verdict
of the Coroner's Jury to-night in the
case of Frank J. Goldstein. By strong
declaration the Jury found that Gold
stein had come to his death at the
hands of Policeman James H. Smith,
who was attacked while discharging
his duty In attempting to arrest Gold
stein and Klnery. The Jury eald:
"We find that death was caused by
hemorrhage, due to a gunshot wound
inflicted by Officer James H. Smith,
who, while discharging ' hia duty as a
peace officer In attempting to arrest
said Goldstein and one David Klniry.
was by them murderously attacked
and justifiably defended himself there
from. T. J. Foster, foreman; I. AriX,
J. S. Dermitt, C. M. Keep, G. M. Lit
tle, J. A- McLean. A. K. Percival.
In the light of the revelations made
by young Goldstein's death the story
related to-night by his grief-burdened
mother was peculiarly sad. Mrs.
Greiner recounted to the Jury her
fears, suspicions and anxieties about
her boy; her efforts to prevent him
from associating with Kiniry, and at
last her determination to come to San
Francisco two weeks ago, so strong
had become her Idea that all was not
as it should be with her wayward son.
"I have learned all too late that he
had been deceiving me," said Mrs.
Greiner. "He told me when he left
home in September with Kiniry that
he was going to return to work with
Redington & Co. In San Francisco. I
know now that it was a deception."
WBOTE TO HIS MOTHER.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
.'/:,-, 1118 Broadway, Dec- 2.
Body of W. Humphries, a Car
penter, Discovered Float
ing in the Bay.
Coroner's Jur^ Hears Story of
Burglar Kiniry's Evil
Touch.
Stomachs of Native Birds
Show That They Eat
Insects.
Touched by Expressions of
"> Sympathy During Ill
ness of Leo. . -\
Fight to Be Waged in New
York and 10,000 Bflfen
Will Be Affected.
Fires Twelve Shots at Men
Who Teased H;m About- ;*
•His Dismissal.
Annual Report Recommends
Many PlanB to Improve
the Service.
Assures Embassador of
His Friendship for
: America.
Sad Mrs. Greiner Says
Son's Career Was
Deceitful, .i
"God Wills It" Pound
Graven on Suicide's
Medal.
Discharged Helper Kilte"
Blacksmith in Rail- *
road Shops:
Employes of George A.
Puller. Company Are
Called Out!
Agricultural Men Save
the Pajaro Valley
Orchards.
Admiral Taylor Says
There Is Lack of
Centralization.
FATALIST ENDS
HAUNTED LIFE
JEKYLL AND HYOE
TO HIS MOTHER
WOULD CREATE
A NAVY ROARD
JOSHING LEADS
UP TO MURDER
STRUCTURE MEN
ORDER STRIKE
SCIENCE DEALS
DEATH TO MOTHS
PIUS X RECEIVES
BELLAMY STORER
5-HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -DECEMBER 3. 1903.
He who Bays what he likes will hear
whathe won t like. ' ' -•*?•** '•-
Mar in Loses a Pioneer Resident.
SAN. RAFAEL, Dec. •'21— Mrs. Mary
The postponed meeting of the San
Francisco ' Scottish Bowling ' Club • will
be ; held to-night in Scottish Hall, 117
Larkln .', Officers, will be elect
ed and other; important business will
be transacted., . • . •
Salt Lake Bishop Is 111.
FALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Dec. Y—
Key. Abtl Leonard, Bishop of the Salt
Lake Diocese of the Protestant EpJsco
pal church, emtfracing Nevada, Utah
and Western Colorado, is critically ill
of typhoid fever.
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Navarro,
from Portland.'
ABERDEEN — Arrived Dec 2— Stmr. Corona
do, hence Nov 29. • ' ~'iJfr'TlfTfcTW*^Tyy*Tf!Bi;
SEATTLE— Sailed' Dec 2— Stmr W H Kni-~
«er, lor San ' Francisco. - •¦'..'• v.
t Wednesday, December 2. -
Stmr^MaBKle. Corning, 3*£ hours from.Half
moon Bay. : - *>,
'OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 12* MIDNIGHT. ;;¦
Bark Edward Mar.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STOLEN HOBSE. •
Aa Old Proverb With a 2T«w Awllca-
tloa. ¦ : » :
Th» woods are full of "so-called" rem-
edies for Baldness.
You may call anything in creation a
remedy, but to use them lstlike locking
the stable after, the horse ia : stolen.
Baldness and Dandruff are caused by
a uerrn — If you don't kill the jcerm the
germ will kill th« hair./
Scientists have labored with the prob-
lem of a preventive for Baldness for
Newbro'«*H«rplcide ta the product of a rmvl-
«rn idea, and will cure Dandruff and prevent
BaMnoa bMium serma cannot exist when you
! apply Herpldde.
' Herplclde \* a valuable hair ureasln* and
' scalp disinfectant as well as a cure for Dan-
t - r sol'3 by leaninj drugjrista. Send lfc In
•tamps for e» male to The Kerptcid» O>.. D«-
• twit. Mich.Against Spur Track Privilege.
Censured for a Dea'th.
A .Coroner's. Jury yesterday censured
Edward Herrlnger, a driver of a soda
wagon, for the "death of Rosa Curler,
nine years old, whom he ran over on
November 5. '
Fernando Gallegos, an insane son of
Salvador Gallegos, formerly Minister
for Salvador at Washington, D., C. was
a passenger on the City of Para, which
arrived yesterday. He was accompa
nied by his ' brother, Salvador, and a
cousin, Alfredo, who were to take the
unfortunate Youth to a sanatorium
in this State for treatment, but
the United . States Immigration Bu
reau refused to allow the patient or
his keepers to land, as the admission of
an Insane alien and his keepers Is fpr
bidden by the Immigration laws. An
appeal will be made to President
Roosevelt.
Insane Alien Excluded.
Brandenstein said that Irwln was In
contempt of the committee because he
had failed to file a statement of his ex
penses although called "on three times
to do so, and that the committee had
power, to punish him for his neglect,. V
"Arranging to leave the pound?"
asked Brandenstein sarcastically. "A
self-confessed thief should be taken by
the neck and thrown out of the pound."
The remains of the late Jerome
Paton. first sergeant of Troop L, Ninth
Cavalry, were buried to-day at the
Presidio with military honors. Paton
was a good soldier and l^id a splendid
record in the service.
plied that Irwin was arranging for
Pierce to leave the pound.
Sergeant *Paton Buried.
California calendars, poppy, poinsettla.
redwood, burnt wood, yucca, etc., now
on sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •*?
The Board of Public Works decided
yesterday that it is unable for the pres
ent to grant the petition of the Labor
ers' Protective Union that the wages of
laborers in the board's employ be raised
from $2 50 to $3 per day. Secretary
Joyce of the union appeared before the
board and urged that the Increase be
allowed under the opinion of the City
Attorney, who holds that the-Board of
Works has the power to fix the wages
of its employes.
The board specified three reasons for
denying the petition, although it ex
pressed its sympathy with the request
of the union, which It held to be de
serving. The reasons assigned ¦were:
First — Insufficiency of the appropria
tion for wages in the present fiscal
year's budgeT would not permit of the
increase asked for.
Second — If the increase were allowed
the board would be compelled to lay
off a certain nun*ber of laborers to
make it up, and this the board refuses
to do, as It is not deemed to be a bene
fit to the petitioners!
Third— The raise is prevented by the
charter provision which says that em
ployes of the city shall not be paid
higher compensation than that paid by
private concerns for similar work.
RULING SCALE OF WAGES. •
On the last point Joyce was unable
to present evidence that - the ruling
scale of laborers' wages is $3 per day.
Joyce was urged to appear before the
Board of Supervisors when next year's
budget Is being made up and have a
sufficient appropriation incorporated
therein to pay all laborers employed by
the city $3 per day, beginning July 1,
1904. *
The board rescinded a permit hereto
fore granted to the California Cement
Company to construct a temporary
roadway on Nee street, between Nine
teenth and Twenty-first streets. Action
was taken on the report of City En
gineer Grunsky, who found that the
contracting company had deposited
material so that at points it extends
above the official. grade, and that the
street was being used as a dump rather
tha,n improving its condition. The
board directed the company to level
the surface where material has been
deposited- in, mounds.
OPPOSE GRADE CHANGES.
Dr. Emma L. Merrltt. executrix of
the Sutro estate, ¦ which has filed a pro
test against the proposed grade changes
in the Byfield tract, appeared before
the board and asked that action there
on be deferred for one week. Mrs. Mer
ritt stated that she desired to take up
each particular grade change, as the
Sutro estate would favor only those
which would not damage its property.
The request was granted.
T. G. "Crothers and Sol Getz addressed
the board regarding their petition to
grade H street from Forty-fifth to For
ty-eighth avenues, but action was post
poned to give the petitioners an oppor
tunity to confer with General Man
ager Chapman oC. the United Railroads
regarding the lowering of the street
car tracks on the blocks described.
Attorney Shadburne, representing the
Paullst Fathers, asked the board to re
consider its intention to pave with ba
salt blocks the roadway of Dupont
street from California to Sacramento I
streets. Although j the petition • was
taken under advisement it Is not likely
that it will be granted, as the charter
requires such a pavement ' on blocks
whose gradient exceeds 6 per cent.
¦ m ¦
Needs Experts on Land Values.
City Attorney Lane notified the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the ser
vices of cne or two experts on' land
values are needed in connection with
the trial of a suit in condemnation of
property on Pine street, near Dupont.
required for the proposed St. Mary's
square. Lane says there are some thir
ty separate parcels In the tract in
volved, three of which have been al
ready purchased by the city.
INSPECTOBS CONDEMN
-y/* many tons .of fish
During November 75,000 Pounds of
Finny Denizens of the Sea
* V- "Were Seized.
The market Inspectors employed by
the Health Board condemned during
the month of November more than 75;
000 pounds of fish,* according to figures
compiled yesterday in the Health fc>e-
partment. The fish was decayed and
unfit for human consumption. On .No
vember. 23 alone 46.000 pounds of fish
were destroyed by the Inspectors.
A great deal of poultry, calves, sheep
and cows wer,e also condemned as not
fit for. food. . Seven hundred and fifty
chickens and 150 ducks .were "coal
oiled." Strange to say, but few turkeys
were seized out of the immense quan
tities shipped here for Thanksgiving,
showing that the quality of the na
tional bird was good in the main.
Captain Payson," J. W. _ Walker and
TV. II. HIss*?!l represented the Santa
Fe: A. W. Foster and Henry C. Whit
ing: the California Northwestern and
W. M. Rank the North Shore,
President Foster of the Tiburonferry
•argued that- the union baggage-room
would be" bad, isasmuch as it wftuld
caufe the Crossing of trucks Ir -front
.of the passcng'ers. This same condition
is existing fit the south end of the'
building, where the Southern; Pacific
handles .all^ Its baggage thrdugh one
channel, arid r.o special* inconvenience
has, beeti had. Falling to get t"he Tib
uron road tofapree on any 'point, the
Commissioners -advised, a meeting be
tween the three railroads affected, so
that thpy might discuss 'the union-bag^
bape plan, and report ¦ early .to the
boar«i Should they still fail to agree
as to the best means out of the dif
ficulty the commission .will be com
pelled to make such disposition of the
different boats as it thinks- best.* re
;. Hess as to whether the manage
ments are satisfied. Room has to be
made for the new ferry as near Market
street as possible, and at once.
In case the railroads agree on the
union bagtrajre-room proposition, the
new slip will be used_as a "lay up"
slip, and the different roads will occupy
the same relative position they- now
have, v.ith the exception of the Inter
changing of the Santa Fe and the. Key
Route. • .H->.
MANAGERS TO CONFER.-"
' The three railroads having terminals
In. the northern part of. the "bay run
.practically the. same course for a. mile
.or so out fxonx the ferry building." The
£ axisalito boats pursue the *nost west
erly, course In crossipg the bay, so that
•they will xy?<£essarily have to be placed
in the most northerly slip to avoid
.their 'crossing. the courses of the other
•two lines. By order cf their courses
"tfce California Northwestern comes
•CSCt In sequence to the -North Shore,
and the Santa Fe'last.
.If the waiting-room space order re
rhains as if-is.at present the North
Shore- road witt be forced Into thelmost
northerly slip,: which is the new one.
Its officials, represented by General
Manager. W. M, Rank, objected stren
uously ' to this plan yesterday. Their
"plea was that the new ElSp would be
impractical for their use, as the dan
ger of colli5iofj with river steamers
•Mould b*? greatly augmented and the
¦ftrong ebb , tides " would sweep
tham 'ir.to the. wharves. "Furthermore,
they claimed, to 'carry more passengers
than cither of the other roads and to
run. more boats, and thought. that'this
should be taken Into cqnsideration in
the disposition of slips. It has always
been the airrs of the Commissioners to
place the road]h-av.Ing the jmost traffic
nearest Market, street, when possible to
do so without having; the! various ferry
boats cross roursesj
RUfK QPPOSZS PLAN.
. This plan "was readily agreed upon
ty the N'orth Shore road and the .San
ta Fe, but Foster again refused to be
led "to believe that this would be a
.good plaa, 'although he admitted thqit
.it would solve the problem of space
and arrangement of ferry-boats to the
end' that danger of collisions would
•be lessened.*'
; At the preseat time the Key Route
occupies a small waiting-room, which
vsa formed by closing up one of the
ejxits and ta.klng a slice from the Cal
ifornia. Northwestern waiting-room.
Its space is Inadequate and encroaches
Cpon the rights of the Tiburon ferry.
•: Tire commission looked with- favor
en th'e forming of a urHon baggage
room at the north end of the building,
and this "seemed to be the most feas
ible solution of the problem. Th?
space now occupied by the baggage
rjooms of the Tiburon ferry and the
Eanta. Fe. could then be utilized to
rfiake enough room, for a waiting
rborn for the new railroad. Then tkfc
Key Route would b*» changed -to slip
¦41 whfch the Santa rFe now uses, and
the .Santa Fe ¦would be put in slip 3.
doing away to a great extent with the
ganger of collision between these two
lines of ferry-boats, as their courses
would then not cross.
I The Harkor •Commissioners have
nearly com-pleted a new slip for the
ferry-boa'ts at ; the foot of Clay street,
"fhis slip has jo be taken by one of
t£:e four railways In the north end of
the- building in- order that walting
rjoom space maybe arranged sufficient
tor -all.
¦ The proposition to make a union
ticket o21ce and .waiting-ro*ora for the
rkilrbads. occupying the space in the
rvorth end of the building was d'is
ciissed. The plan was agreed upon
by the representatives of" the Santa.
Ee and the NcJ-th Shore railroads, but
<jid not receive .the approval of Pres
ident Foster o.fthe California North
western. Railway.
• The a.im of the Harbor Commis
sioners is to jninimlze as much, as
possible the" (larger arising from the
different ferry-boats crossing one an
other's c.ourses. At the present time
the courses of the ftrry-boats of the
Santa. • Fe an'd-the hew Key Route,
commonly known -among the Commis
sioners as the "yellow kid" boats,
cross, each ©ther. This is- deemed a
ijad feature and the United States in
rpectors-- have signified their dislike
of the present, arrangements, inas
ihuch as. the .danger of collision in
fprgy weather is great.
UNION 5AGGAGE-ROOM. .
; At a ftieeting of the Harbor Com
njissi c cr.crs yesterday afternoon the ad
vJLs&bility -of making a reVssignment
e? slip? for the ferry-boats of 7 the four
railroads occupying the northern end
at the ferry Building was discussed.
The Commissioners labored the entire
afternoo'n with the aid of repressnta
tlvesN?f the railroads to be affected to
reach a solution' of the problem.
The Board of Education yesterday j
adopted a resolution providing that ow
ing to the lack of funds and the con
sequent, discontinuance of the wcrk on
school buildinca the Board of. Works
6e reauested to discontinue the ser
vices of James B. McSheehy. lnspec- '
tor of school buildings, to take effect
at once. But eleven men are now be
ing employed on repairs to schoolhouses
and very .Tittle work In that connection
will be accomplished for some months.
The Board of Works was also re
quested to discontinue the services of j
Inspector' Welsh of the Noe Valley
School; the building of which has been
completed.
Owing to lack of attendance, the
bookkeeping .class of the Richmond ;
Evening. School was consolidated and.
the teacher placed on the substitute
list. '
A new class was ordered to be estab
lished in the Lafayette Primary School,
dating from January 11. 1904.
Miss Ina M. Smith was appointed ah {
assistant teacher in the Harrison j
School for an additional class for deaf !
and dumb scholars. Action was taken
on the recommendation of Professor
Holden. who Is In charge of the study.
-33xe petition of Edward D. Finley that
a night class in the Chinese language
be established In the School Depart
ment was placed on file.
Notice of the discontinuance of the
Gaelic class in the Humboldt Evening |
School was given to the board by the
Gaelic Leasue.
Bills to the amount of $11,236 05 were
ordered paid.
Teachers' certificates were granted to
Miss Maud J. Coan, Miss Faustina Spa- i
doni and Miss Maude Lissak.
Brandenstein asked Irwin's" attorney,
G. Gunzendorfer, if Irwln had dis
charged Pierce, and Gunzendorfer 're-
Brandenstein. McClellan and Eggers
were in favor of declaring Irwin incom
petent on the second charge, but they
were in the minority.
, On the finding that Irwin was incom
petent because he has had in his em
ploy a deputy poundmaster named
Pierce who had taken money to allow
cattle to roam at large illegally, the
committee was divided and no recom
mendation was made. The evidence
that Irwin did not know of Pierce's
v.ronsrdolng saved him on that point.
PIERCE NOT DISCHARGED.
The committee found that Irwin was
guilty of neglect of duty in permitting
the use of unofficial receiot books not
warranted by law, the stubs of which
had never been compared with th'e of
ficial receipts and had afterward been
destroyed, so that no comparison could
be made.
The committee voted against the first
finding that Irwln was guilty of neglect
of duty In not impounding large stock,
as he had testified that he could not do
so with the reduced appropriation. •
The proposed recommendation that
the pound be placed under the man
agement of the Society tor the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals was not
considered in view of the committee's
vote against Irwin's removal.
The recommendation that the crrdin
ance be so amended as to take the ap
pointing power for the position out of
the hands of the Mayor and vest it
in the Board of Supervisors was'adopt
ed. The plan is to place the manage
ment of the tfound under the supervi
sion of the Police Committee. Branden
stein deolared that the ordinance was
invalid. He also said that the minor
ity v.-ouid submit a supplementary re
port requesting the removal of Irwin. "¦
VOTE ON FIRST FINDING.
The joint Committee on Finance, Po
lice and License of the Board of Super
visors yesterday defeated by a tie vote
a proposed recommendation to Mayor
Schmitz that Poundmaster H. O. Irwln
be removed from his post for alleged
neglect of duty. The vote on the recom
mendation was: Ayes— Brandenstein,
McClellan. Eggers and Loughery — 4.
Noes — Boxton, Wilson, Rea and B«nt — I.
The Grand Jury will be called to
examine Into County Clerk Bert Ma
hony's method of conducting his of
fice. The charge of juggling with the
salary roll of the office made against
Mahony Tuesday by several of hia
deputies and copyists will be called
to the attention of the inquisitorial
body by Harry Barbee, one of the
clerks . in, Mahony*s employ, who
claims to . have lost several weeks'
wages through Mahony's efforts to
stretch his monthly allowance to such
an extent that he could carry on the
rolls nearly every person to whom he
was indebted and his political friends.
"I am going to bring my case to the
attention' of the Grand Jury," said
Barbee^yesterday, a few moments af
ter ;Mahony had informed him that
he was % no longer in his employ. "I
see no other way of making the Coun
ty Clerk pay me the money I honestly
earned. I worked during the entire
month of November, as the records
will show, and did not receive a cent.
I kept quiet because I expected that
it would be made up to me. I worked
every day. during October, and instead
of receiving .a salary of $150, es I was
promised, got only '$100. That was
just twenty days' pay, and I can prove
that I was- entitled to thirty. I was
here every day attending to my work.
I 'made a roar,' but It did not do me
any good. The trick was repeated last
month, 1 and now I am going to get the
money .or" know the reason why. I
suppose I ought to consider mystlf
very lucky, for several of the boya
who worked every day, as can readily
be shown, did not get a cent."
•Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday
that the fact that a writ of injunc
tion had been issued some months ago
by % Judge Hebbard, restraining him
from interfering with the County
Clerk's office, would prevent him from
taking any action in the latest fecan
dal in the office. His Honor said\that
If he had his way he would have* re
moved Mahony at that time, but he
was powerless ! to do anything in the
matter, owing to the restraining or
der, which was made perpetual.
From figures furnished yesterday to
the Board of Public Works by the Bu
reau of Buildings It Is learned that dur
ing: the eleven months beginning 1 Janu
ary 1, 1903, and ending, November 30.
1903, building operations to the amount
of $16,416,972 were put Into effect in this
city. It is exoected that operations
projected for this month will make a
grand total of more than $17,000,000 for
building during the present year.
There were 14S9 permits issued by the
bureau for new buildings, representing
an' outlay of $14,520,384, and 486 permits
for alterations to old buildings, costing
$1,S96,6SS.
The total amount collected In- fees
was 517,674 50, and this will be aug
mented to $19,000 at the end of the year.
The financial report of Cashier Dona
hue filed with the Board of Works yes
terday shows that the receipts during
jTovember were $9560 10 for various per
mits issued. The segregated items foK
low: One hundred and nineteen street
space permits, $2540; 19 asphalt kettle
permits. $210; 16 sidewalk permits. $340;
3 sub-sidewalk permits, $G0; 115 house
building permits, $1125 50; 3 house mov
ing Dermlts, $210: 115 side sewer per
mits. $3302 50; miscellaneous, $1172 10.
The disbursements were: Special per
mit fund, $5540; tearing up streets fund;
54CS5 92; house moving fund, $210; total,
$10,lt:5 92.
Wants Mahony to Give Rea
sons for Docking Salaries
s of His Clerk3.
Santa Fe- and North Shore
Railroads Agree to
New-P:an. '.•
Forms New Class and Elects
Teacher for Deaf and
Dumb Pupils.
Recommends That Appoint
ing Power Be Taken
From Cchmitz. "
Refuses to Lay Off Employe3
to Make Up Desired
Increase.
Cashier's Report Shows Re
ceipts During Novembar
Were $9560 10.
pepu ty Coun ty Cle rk
Threatens to Make
Charges.
Works- Board Declares
Appropriation to Be
Insufficient.
Harbor Commissioners
Try to : Solve "Perry
- Suace Problem.
Supervisors' Committee
Easy on. the Mayor's
Poundmaster.
Cost of New Structures
in. Eleven Months Is
$14,520,384.
Board Orders Dismissal
of Its Inspector of -.
1 ii Buildings.
ADVISE UNION
BAGGAGE-RO0M
SCHOOL REPAIRS
TO DISCONTINUE
UNABLE TO RAISE
LABORERS' WAGES
WILL COMPLAIN
TO GRAND JURY
VOTES AGAINST
IRWIN'S REMOVAL
MANY BUILDINGS
GO UP IN YEAR
THE -SA^ FRAXGISGO ;CALL >r ,THURSDAY t^DECEMBER 3. 1903.
MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE AFFAIRS OF THE MUNICIPALITY
James B. Hagerty, executor: of ¦ the
will of John Murphy, was sued- yestert
day for $575 by Mary Dolan. She claims
that- Murphy's estate ¦ owes her that
sum- for services "as housekeeper ; and
nurse ( rendered by -her. to, the deceased
from. 'March 13, '1900. to. August, .1DO2. ;
.She presented, a claim against the es
tate, but it was rejected by Hagerty.
Sues for- Pay for. Services.
Property owners, and lessees doing
business on -Filbert street, " between
Front' and Battery, petitioned the
Board of Supervisors yesterday not
to grant the spur track, privilege on
the block named to connect the Gibral
tar warehouse with the belt railroad,
on the. ground that lOivbuld result in
the blocking of traffic and be;inconve
nient to pedestrians and a menace-to
life, and limb. ~ ' ' ' "" " v .
5
Positively cured by these
I^ttlo Pills.
They also relieve D-Istress froa Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearrj Eating. A per-
i Sect reacdj for Dizzincs, Nausea, Dro»s!-
j a-rss, Bad Taste ia the llouth. Coated Tcngca
I Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. The/
j Regulate the Bowch. Partly Vegetable
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small Price,
4 *^^v per cent y
J &*\J DISCOUNT 7\
4 Framed Pictures 3
<h <.¦ Ptle«d at S4.C3 and Orer. jA
4 SOMETHING GOOD y
y AT LITTLE COST- fl
A Slsconnt Will B* Allowed 'j
«f . During- Tills "Weei . ll
I I GALLAGHER BROS, ft
' 27 OBA5T ATE. rj
$$EER*S
The Highest Priced but
the Beat Quality.
SOLD EVERYWHERE-'
HlLBERt MERCAKTrEB CO..
Pacific Coast A cents.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S cbcat 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOHY^
\ ."•"-' *-*3» n< Aaatacickl Matron is -be \
W jMprr»i_ 1Vor!<1 - weakaose* or aay cnnrri v-4 A
Q jCfS I Spe.ui.iM o» ia; CsiiL E»i 36 y-irv Q
i P £ rSfl DR * "JMOAM-OISEASES 0F M£ * 6
\ f CcmTOltitien frre ia4 strv:!y priTire. \
6 I jSf&S T»«"ra«"t p«r«aaal> nt by letter. A fl
T 17 q| >*»»•««»• (Vi ia rrery ease anderukCB. Y
A S* f A Wrfta for Book. reiLa«OPBV at A
Y* 3 i amines, mazlko ran. (\¥
A O ty T>'aabi« bsok for an) . \
V DB. JOBDA3I <* CO.. IQS1 Miri.tst.S. P. 9
UNITED STATES BBANCH.
I STATEMENT *¦
CONDITION AND ATFAIBS
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LTVERPOOI* ENGLAND. ON THB
Slat day of December. A. D. 1003. aad
for the Tear endlnx on that ivr, aa nuide to
the Insurance Comzalsalcner of the State ei
Califorsla, pursuant to the prorlstons of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 o£ the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished ty the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company.. $1.121. 012 83
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages sSi.OCO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 5.600.104 04
Cash In Company's Office 1.9C2 52
Cash In BAnks 7Z7.48S 9?
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans 41,673 31
Interest due and accrued on Bends
and Mortgages 8.3C1 53
Freminms in due Course cf Col-
lection *T. 1.C34.043 01
Rents <iue and accrued ..'i 4.687 62
I?ue from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 32.607' 39
Total Assets .J7.732.S33 10
LIABILITIES. ~ *
Losses adjusted and unpaid $47, SM SI
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 2*8, 0«S 99
Losses resisted, including expenses. 101,780 73
Uross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlns one. year or less. $3,334,-
S39 "?; reinsurance 50 oer cent... 1.877.419 SS
Grosa premiums on Ftre Risks run-
ning more t?Jan one year. »4,5S»,- •
2O4 87; reinsurance pro rata 3.443,239 62
Amount rectaimabte by the insured •
on respetual fire Insurance pol-
i^lrs 19S.531 «7
I^aMlity under Life Department... MA583 33
All other liabilities '..: 46S.7SO 02
' Total Liabilities $3.3C«.3JS 10
'- urcoME.
Xst cash actually received for Flro
premtuina $*.743,2« 73
R<^-eired for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 21.373 CO
Received for interest and dividends
on Bends. Stocks. Loans ar. 1
from all other sources. • 143. WM 54
Received for Hents 60.GU 49
, Total Incon » M.972.922 82
EXPEXDITrREa. :. "
Net amount nald Tor Fire Losses ,
Mncioding $6O.2CS C2, losses of
previous years) $2,556,028 59
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .'. 830, 703 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 3S.T.583 SI
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ...;.:.." : 127,SS0 14
All other payments and 'expendi-
tures 317.334 M
Total Expenditures ....$4,215,629 80
i9%«2CHSR» ¦ Fir*
Losses Incurred during tl>» year. . .t2.4C7.022 01
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. I Premi-ams.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the " !
year! $7S7.873.«02'$7.833.2S« 83
Net amount «f Risks! i
expired durinc thai [
year..,,. :| 732.70C.65.-[ C«S«.77ft 13
Net amount in force! ',
Decemoer 31. 1002. 4 79^073.-^)3: 7.951.0*4 »4
K. F. BEDDALL. U. S Manager.
Subscribed and n^vorn to befor* me, this 28O»
day cf January. \9KL
EDML'XD HARVET.. Notary PuWle. •
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT ~
ROLLA V. WATT, Managrr,
201 Sansomc St.. SaaFranc'sco.
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Assistant Manager: F. B.
KELL.AM. Branch Secretary: JXO. R.
HILLMAN. Superintendent Local Depart-
A D VERTISS2TENTS.
~~. 1_.__^ - __^ '. —„¦'., „ ' V '•"'"'K MARSHALLTOWN.' la.; Dec 2.— N.'a.
Carmeah,; of ;Los iOal,, A ex-PresI
dent "of- the \ Rhoades-Carmean Buggy
Company, ; was • to-day, sentenced to two
years In. the', penitentiary^ for embezzle
ment.- \Ah 'appeal bond was filed.'
Two Years' Term fbr Carmean:
. Postmaster Borrowed Money. .
' OMAHA, Dec. 2.— The Federal Grand
Jury to-day, resumed the investigation
of alleged "conspiracy and'ibribery ,ln
connection with Nebraska pgstbfflce;ap
pointmerits. The cases under' considera
tion are those of Alma f and • Orleans.
The of ,two, bank, cashiers: of
Alma showed, that Postmaster*, Mitchell
borrowed' $1000- about" \he '; '•¦ timer of i his
appointment as Postmaster at Alma. '*
, ; , We could; spend hours . telling you ;the^
ad van tages~"of rcooking: '• by >gas, ? but "« your*
nelghborAwho uses I a: gas iran|re,v is 'our 1
best, reference'lfwe'supplied' the' rengeJ
S.F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post* •
Truce Between Warring Corporations.
,. PITTSBURG, Pav.t" Dec 2.— By -an
agreement on both sides the dispute* be
tween ,the ":¦ Pennsylvania Railroad ; and
the ".Western ; Union ; Telegraph > Company
.will; be taken v to ..the \Unlted ; States ,.CIr
cui^ 1 : Court ibf /Appeals. " -j It , also will • be
agreed • that there 'shall « be f no *p6le-chop
ping '- until' the "case" is r flnally ' decided. "
GRAND FORKS, N. D.. Dec. 2— Major
J. 8. -Murphy of Minor was: indicted by
the Federal- Garnd Jury here to-day for
perjury and fraud. committed in the se
curing of a pension "for. Josephine Grln
nell. He is probabli the most prominent
politician '¦, in the northern ; part of l the
State,', and ; has tor years been a Repub
lican leader in 'Ward County. *
Politician. Indicted for Perjury,
The trial of \he suit of William C.
Knox, a caterer, .to" recover $75 from
George Pennington^was begun yester
day, in justice ,of the Peace V Dunn's
court. , The testimony disclosed the fact
that Knox had prepared a banquet for
the marriage "of Pennlrigtbn's daughter,
"and the latter refused/to pay $75 of the
bill on ; the ground that Knox j had riot
furnished certain dishes. The case" went
over .for' a week 'for" the "ii purpose
hearing additional evidence.*' v
Wants**, Pay for a Banquet.
; HARTFORD, Conn., Dec." 2.— Petitions
in bankruptcy were filed to-day by for
mer O.V. Coffin and his son,
Seward ,"W Coffin, both.of \Middletown.
..The elder Coffin's liabilities are given as
$60,742, assets $11,231.: Seward V. Cof
fin's liabilities , are :$61,724, assets?$810.
Former Governor Coffin was president of
-the ;Ii. ] D: Brown ' & Son's-Company, ¦' man
ufacturers _*, of silk thread" and cloth; in
Middletown,' Conn., ; which failed recently.
Former Governor -'a Bankrupt.
HONOLULU, Nov. 26. — Colonel
Samuel Parker, Republican National
Committeeman t or ; Hawaii and an 'op
ponent of Carter, for Governor, called
on. the new Governor on' November 24
and the two had a conference.*^ Parker
sent a number of cables to Washington
in an effort to prevent the confirma
tion^ of Carter, but told the Governor,
that he' ht*d buried the* hatchet . and
would support thenew^adminlstratlon.'
Parker Will Support Carter*
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— By an agreement
between Michigan Central and, the
Pere • Marquette roads r the Pere Mar
quette will enter Chicago and Buffalo,
N.'Y.;* over the rails of the former road.
In ; consequence the Pere Marquette's
plan ¦ to build " from' St. Thomasr, Ont.,
to- Buffalo has been abandoned. It is
stated that theiVanderbilts have secured
ajarge interest* in if not control of the
Pere Marquette. 1 . '.
Railroads Settle Differences.
i WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The British
Government has taken • steps to secure
the person of Lynchehaun, the Irish
man who was accused of a murderous
assault .upon his landlady In Ireland,
but who, after extradition proceedings
in. Indianapolis, was ' freed. The new
proceeding has been instituted under
the exclusion laws of the United States.
It is understood that Lynchehaun was
a convict when he landed in this coun
try, and therefore, .under the exclusion
laws, he'may be deported and returned
to the country whence he came.
New Move Against Lynch eh aun.
WASHINGTON, Dec 2.— Without en
deavoring in any manner. to influence
the Senate Committee on Military Af
fairs In its Investigation of the nomina
tion of General Wood, both the Secre
tary of War arid, the President are
watching the developments carefully.'
It can be said that at present there. is
not the slightest probability that .Wood
will be . caled from the ' Philippines | to
testify in his own behalf. The testi
mony is proceeding in accordance with
the plans of the committee, but as yet
It cannot be foretold how long the in
quiry' may , continue. * The. President
sent the nomination to the- Senate and
it is proposed that the Senate shall pass
upon it. ¦* It can be said that it will
not v be withdrawn.', -^
President Intends That the Senate
Shall Pass Upon, tii© x Ap- f ;V.
• pointment. •
WOOD'S NOMINATION
NOT TO BE WITHDRAWN
Savings Concern in Trouble.
MOLINE, 111., Dec. 2.— A receiver was
appointed to-day for the Mollne Build
ing, Savings and Loan Association.
This action follows the arrest of Secre
tary J. W. Warr. whose shortage to the
association is elleged to be $27,000.
Bobbers Wreck Bank Safe.
CARUTHERSVILLE, Mo.. Dec 2.—
Robbers wrecked the safe of. the bank
at Hayti. near here, with nitro-glyceria
last night and escaped with an amount
estimated at $10,000.
' WASHINGTON.'.Dec. 2. — Hon. John
C. Pollock, who w.as- confirmed : yes
terday as United States District Judge,
District of Kansas, to succeed Judge
Hook, was"eworn in to-day In the of
fice-of the clerk .of the Supreme Court
of the United States. The oath was
administered by Justice Brewer.
Jud-ge Pollock Qualifies.
NEW YORK, Dee. 2.— To recover
$251,592 said to have been lost in stock
transactions, Justice Dickey of the
State Supreme Court to-day granted an
attachment against the property of
Maurice VUhtermeyer, a member -of a
prominent : family, upon application of
counsel : for. Ehnis & Stoppanl, bankers
and brokers. ' Untermeyer • is now at
Geneva; Switzerland." . 7
The affidavits upon which the attach
ment is granted aver that Untermeyer
speculated \ in stocks through Ennls * &
Stoppani on a margin between August
22, 1901, and November 20, 1902.
. Ennis & Stoppanl on November . 13
last notified Untermeyer by cablegram
that 1 unless he advanced the ' necessary
margin the stock would be sold at his
account and risk.- A reply was received,
but the margin was not advanced. The
transaction Involved some $400,000. The
stock was sold at a loss, and the brok
ers are now suing Untermeyer tc<re
coyer, the difference between the pur
chase price and the sum realized at the
sale. ' . V ..¦.-•¦¦¦'•/'¦
NEW YORK, Deo. 2.— Police Captain
Reynolds, formerly in charge of the
Brooklyn detectives, announced to-day
that he had received a letter from a
cCnvlct in Auburn prison stating that
a fellow convict had confessed to him
that he murdered Albert C. Latimer in
Brooklyn on July 1, 1902. Police; In
spector Kane of Long Island City was
called into the case, and it Is admitted
that the Investigation has developed
startling facts. .
The convict who confessed to the
murder also admitted that he had a
hand in shooting Policeman Sheridan
in Long Island City.
Latimer was shot at his home late at
night, and sensational developments
followed his death. V v >
Brokers Attack Client's
Property and Sell.
His Stock. I
Inmate of Auburn Prisr
. on Makes Startling
Statement.
SUE TO OBTAIN
LOST MARGINS
CONVICT ADMITS
TWO MURDERERS
Joseph Newman -will sing a new song
composed for the occasion and will tell
some new,, stories. ' Hal, Godfrey, and
company will present the .very funny
sketch .entitled "A Bad Boy." The
Brlttons, "'. colored singers and -dancers,
are also x on the bill. .
, Programmes will be sold by society
girls | and .the proceeds \will :be 3 turned
over to the institution/ The "California
Woman's Hospital has eight free beds.
Sick women are given the best medical
attendance and nursing, and the money
derived from ; , the \ benefit^, performance
will.be devoted to t carrylnff v on the no
ble^wbrk.:, ',-• '¦¦ ¦' :¦' ,-. U< • ¦ ' .--' '-V^
The sale of seats for the benefit per
formance'to be given at the Alhambra
Theater to-morrow in aid of the Cali
fornia Woman's Hospital' opened at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Tuesday morn
ing, and - many seats have been sold.
Interest in the benefit is very keen.
Society has taken » hold of the affair
and will bo present' in large numbers
to help the worthy cause.
Among the patronesses of the show
are Mrs. D.' H.', Whittemore,- Mrs. C. J B.
Alexander, Mrs.' JV H. Hatch, Mrs. F.
C. Carblan,"; Mrs. P. A.' Robbins, Miss
F. A. Spr'aguei'.' Mrs.* A. Chesebrough,
Mrs. J. Franetta, Mrs. Isaac Hecht,
Mrs. I. W. Hellman, Mrs. J. T. Hoyt,
Mrs. W. ' G. Irwln, Mrs. Archibald
Kains, 'Mrs. George Levlston, Mrs. M.
Meyerfeld jr., Mrs. A. E. Brooke-Rid
ley, Mrs. C. ¦ F. Stokes and Mrs. A. N.
Towne. \
Manager John Morrisey of the
Orpheum has the programme in
hand.' Some of the best -talent in
the * "city . will ; take part. Rosner's
Hungarian orchestra will render clas
sical and popular melodies. • Bryant and
Savllle will present their clever musical
act. " Searl and Violet Allen will appear
in their " sketch, "The Sign Painter.'.'
The Tobins, one of the best , musical
teams in- the country, will perform • on
all kinds of brass instruments, and Ar
thur Cunningham, the popular" operatic
barytone, will sing 'some of the songs
that have won him praise. .
One of. the best numbers' . on the
lengthy programme will be the appear
ance of Wenzel Kopta, the famous vio
linist. He will be . accompanied by
Frederick Maurer. : Kopta is. conceded
to be one of the best violinists in the
country. 1 He will render" threVclasslcal
pieces.. : .S,\!- > • ,;
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. — Mr.
Squiers, United States . Minister to
Cuba, called at the State Department
to-day to discuss the Cuban situation
with Secretary Hay. President Palma
Is striving to adjust the claims of the
veterans of the Cuban army for back
pay, but' is confronted with an enor
mous increase in the amount of these
claims, which originally were about
$10,000,000 in the aggregate and have'
now increased to $62,000,000. In ad
dition the civilians who were em
ployed by the revolutionary govern
ment, before Cuban independence was
achieved have united to present their
claims for compensation, ; the allow
ance of which would Increase the to
tal amount which the Cuban.Govern
ment must borrow to not less than
'575,000,000. The committee which
was appointed to float a loan of $35,
000,000 has returned to Havana and is
now seeking to, modify the conditions
of the loan to make it acceptable to
New York and European financiers,
mainly In the direction of increasing
the interest from » 5 per cent to about
6 or 7 per cent, or of lowering below
90, the price for which the bonds were
to be placed on the market.
President Palma Finds That $75,
000,000 Will Be Necessary to
Meet Demands.
CUBA'S PENSION LIST .-:
?'*-." m * ¦'¦'!¦ CONTINUES TO GROW
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2. — Coudert
Bros, to-day filed a brief. In the United
States Suprema Court in the. case of
Isabella Gonzales, the Porto Rlcan
•woman who, opqri attempting to land
in New York in the summer of 1902,
¦was taken into custody l>y Immigra
tion Commissioner, Williams as an
immigrant who was likely to become
a public" charge. :? " 0-" 3
The brief is Ih the woman's inter
est and is an orgument'against depor
tation, based largely upon the. theory
thatfhe is not an alien. The case is
r/msldered important, as upon its de
cision will" depend the disposition of
jflinhe Spanish islanders who -were in
existence at the time the islands were
annexed by thV United States. The
court will hear argument in the case
Case o'f Isabella -Gon^ales, a Porto
Rican, Carried to the High- :
% eit Court.
¦WILL "WATTF, A' TEST
OF IMMIGRATION" LAW
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THEATRICAL, PROFESSION' WHO HAVE OFFERED THEIR SERVICIS TO AID
THE CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S HOSPITAL TO REAP A BIG SUMAT.THE ANNUAL BENEFIT PERFORM
ANCES TO BEHELD AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. v />';
WASHINGTON, Dpc. 2.— Two more,
cranks were to-day temporarily sent to
the Government 'Hospital for the' In
sane. .They are Daniel V. Clifford of
• Mouxt Holly^ N. C* alias "Elijah II,"
and" Ephfalm- Sellers", a former inmate
of the St. Elizabeth's Insane Asylum.
*. "Elijah II" arrived here from Chart
lotte,.N. C, in ord'er to keep a promise
' which; '-he .say*, he. made in 1900 to
S President- McKinley and Admiral-
Dewey tt> -discuss* with them, the re
ward to be pafd him for supplying the
etfmiial ".with Vuegrestions for" his Xio
. <ory in Manila Bay. • At the "time he
v.a*s'- eent for-' by President McKinley
'he was' in -Nevada, knd was not able
to come. Recently, .he • says, he was
•een.t'for hy . President Roosevelt and
. the* United .States "Senate and- came in
."obedience to their summons. • He also
. wished t0 prbctire the aid of jhe Presi
,"d<?nt in getting a patent on medicines :
•* he had invented and a scheme for cdn
'trcUlns the solar system so as to reg
• ulate the seasons. *,¦.*;
Cli'fford wenfto the, Whit'e House yes"- !
.tprday afternoon and was arrested by
''Policeman Smith, to whom he told'his
1 'troubles. v EMJah II" is a > typical "taf
• "been of the po<jr .white class.
In-" the opposite ro.w. of cells is-Eph
«-aim" Sellers. ' who went to the' White
House to complain to the President of
persecutions to which he is subjected
by 'all churches and by members" of
'the Democratic party because of his^
devotion' to the. Republican cause.
Sellers is a confirmed crank,* who In
1898 attempted to reach President Mc-
Kinley, but'did not succeed. He landed
in * the* insane asylum and was dis
charged in April -of this, year." Since
"then he has b&en in Pittsburg. "coming
to Washington last night.
. ..This morning", when Sellers went to
* -the White House and demanded to see
the President, he was taken in tow by
Policeman H. Gilbert. Sellers says he
Is a" hypnotist and he frankly acknowl
• edged that he* intended to hypnotize the
• €*resJdent.-* -. ~'.\ '-, •'/.?'•^ • .
" Clifford is a one-armed man. He had
! a. knife, which was taken from- him
by the. policeman • making^ the arrest.
He also bad a lot- of money, including
q. to gold piece, which he bad wrapped
in forty, consecutive pieces of paper.
' The only things found on Sellers were
e book on hypnotism and a small sum
"of -money.
8ped&l • Dispatch to Tba Call
Scheme, to Control- the Solar System
and Reg-ulate -the Seasons Is
the "Others Chief .
. ; * Concern..
One Admits His Intention
'- to Hypnotize Chief
. Executive".
"Following, as you do, Mr. Embassa
dor, in the steps of one whose genial
sympathy with our people and whose
intimate knowledge of this country
stood him in good stead by enabling
him to gain the confidence and esteem
of this Government and to win the af
fection of all with whom he was
brought Into association, I cannot
doubt, that you, being inspired by the
same good purpose and animated by
the same kindly feelings, will achieve
no less than did your lamented prede
cessor; : and merit equally with him, tjie
high regard of this Government and of
my countrymen. It is fitting that this
should .be, and that, mindful of the tfes,
of friendship and . Bpeech, moved, by
like aspirations of progress in the paths
of pea"c£ and sharing a reverential trust
in the \ Almighty will, that'' guides our
destinies, our two. nations and peoples,
through their ministering agencies,
should strive to reach a harmonious
accord In all that affects their common.
Interests."
•he was presented "to the President and
Secretary Loeb. After this Embassador
Durand presented his credentials to
President Roosevelt and was received
with great cordiality. The formal ex
change- of addresses then occurred, the
speeches being notably felicitous and
gracious. Sir Mortimer Durand ad
dressed the President In part as fol
lows: '
'"'I am" deeply conscious, Mr. Presi
dent, of the responsibility laid upon me,
and I am well aware how hard it will
be for me to pFove worthy of the high
mission with which I \have been hon
ored. I come to America for the first
.t!me N with a warm admiration for but
without any personal knowledge :of the
firreat nation over "which you have been
called to preside, and I feel my inex
pf rienoe the more keenly because I suc
ceed, as British Embassador here one
who had passed a considerable portion
of- his life In this country, whose sym
pathies' with your people were therefore
based upon a thorough understanding,
arid, I : may add, whose character en
deared him to all who knew him.
"I can only say, Mr. President, that
with God's help I will do my best to
carry out the duty intrusted me. No
duty could be more in accord with my
wishes, and* it will be a very real hap
piness \vhen my work here comes to an
end If I can feel that I have been able
to **¦ help, . however little, In bringing
about an increase of the good Will be
tween our two nations. I believe that
upon, that good will depends in no small
degree the welfare of the world."
In replying the President said:
WASHINGTON, Dec 2.— Sir. Henry
Mor.timer Durand, the successor of Sir
Michael Herbert, as Embassador to the
United States) was received formally
by President Roosevelt this afternoon.
Secretary of State Hay conducted the
Embassador to thfe Blue room, where
Sir Michael Herbert's Suc
cessor Is Felicitous in
. His Address.
Both Have Troubles to
• Tell to, President
Roosevelt. '
President Formally Re
ceives the English
. Embassador.
TWO CRANKS
ARRESTED AT
WHITE HOUSE
DURAND ASSUMES
HIS NEW POST
Reserve, Seats for the Benefit Performance to Be Held at the Alhambra
Theater To-Morrow Afternoon Under Auspices of California Woman's
Hospital Are Selling Rapidly and a Large Attendance Is Anticipated
CLEVER ARTISTS TO PARTICIPATE.
IN BIG CHARITY ENTERTAINMENT
ASKS BASSETT
NOT TO LEAVE
THUGS' DEED
ROBS VICTIM
OF REASON
Trinity College Will Not
Accept Resignation
of Professor.
Calif ornian Drugged and
Robbed Becomes
. Insane.
Criticism of Instructor's
' Views on Color Ques- .
tion Ignored.
Bishop Stockman Finds Hi3
Brother in a Kan
fas Jail.
Unfortunate Man Uses His Money
as Fuel for Campflxe While
Roaming on the " . *
W&> Prairie.
RALEIGH, N. C.. Dec. 2. — The trus
tees of Trinity 'College, voted to-day.
18 to 7, not to accept the resignation
of Dr. John S. Bassett, professor of
history, who, has been bitterly, attack
ed in Southern newspapers. because of
a eulogy on' Booker T. Washington
contained in a recent magazine arti
cle written by Dr. Bassett. In a state
ment the trustees say:
"Candor Impels us to admit our re
gret that Professor Bassett has ex
pressed certain opinions which gave
offense to many, and we •. are glad to
find that these opinions were express
ed solely on his own authority,
through a medium which Is In no
sense an organ of the college and not
at all in his capacity as a college of
ficial, so .that neither this board nor
the college can be held responsible
for them. •»
"On the contrary, it clearly appears
the the faculty and the students dis
agree with certain of Professor Bas
sett's opinions, so far as we can as
certain, unanimously. Neither do we
agree with him. Nevertheless, both
faculty and students with equal unan
imity have manifested their desire
that this resignation be not accepted,
which we do decline to accept.
"We state as a fact that Professor
Bassett does not believe" nor does he
Jeach social equality and we have con
fidence in him, both as a man and a
teacher."
FIFTEEN MEMBERS OF
MAFIA AEE CAPTURED
Police Make a Bald in Philadelphia
and Find Every Man
Armed.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 2.— A tene
ment house In the Italian quarter was
raided last night by the police, who
captured fifteen supposed members of
the Mafia. The raid was the result of
a complaint made by Italian merchants
and bankers, who said they had re
ceived blackmailing: letters and had
been threatened with death should they
refuse to comply with demands for
money. Each of the fifteen men ar
rested was armed with two revolvers
and a stiletto. In the room were a
number of pistols and a store of am
munition. . ~ -•
At the hearing to-day on« of the men
admitted that he and his companions
were members of the Mafia, and that
they are in communication with simi
lar branches In New York, Baltimore
and Plttsburg. They were held in $1500
ball each on charges of carrying con
cealed deadly weapons, conspiracy and
threatening to kill people.
Bp«cJal ' Dispatch to Th* Call.
GARNETT, Kans., Dec. 2.— Isaac E.
Squires, a stockman of Bishop, Cal.,
has found a lost brother, Albert AI.
Squires, In thla city. Five months ago
they were in the cattle* business 'to
gether. Albert started in July for Fort
Smith, Ark., to vjsit relatives. He
reached Reno, Nev., and was there
drugged and robbed, but he readily ob
tained more money and continued hia
journey. Several- weeks after his'ar
rival at Fort Smith his- mind became
unbalanced and his ¦ brother. Isaac,
came Cast to take, him home. When
he arrived at Fort Smith Albert
seemed to have entirely recovered" a"nd
the two started home by way of Cof
feyville, Kans., where they visited otli
er relatives. They left Coffeyville with,
Albert apparently in sound mind, but
when Isaac awakened in Kansas City
the next morning hia brother was gone.
Hia berth had not been occupied and
no one had seen him after the train left
Yates Center. Isaac returned to Cali
fornia without him.
Three weeks ago the Sherlfl of this
county arrested a man supposed to be
a tramp, who had taken possession of
a farmer's strawstack near Garnett.
When searched $3 in silver was found
In his pockets, but the money was
black with smoke and had evidently
passed through the fire. The Sheriff
believed he had captured a safe blower
and held him for investigation.
The prisoner called for a preacher
and to him confessed that he had com-'
mitted a crime In California and said
officers were on his trail. He gave the
name of Albert Squires and told ] the
preacher that a reward had been- of
fered by the Sheriff at Bishop for hia
arrest. So rationally did he talk that
it was not suspected that he was de
mented.
A message was sent to California and
the reply came back that he waa .not
wanted for a crime, but to hold him
until his. relatives could arrive. The
message also said that Squires should
have about $200 In his pockets. - . -¦
A search revealed the fact that the
demented man had built a fire wblle
tramping about and had used hia
money for fuel. The rim of hia pock -
etbook and several silver dollars wefe
found In the ashes. .,:*: "?;
Isaac Squires started home* with his
brother to-night. He believes that the
latter's condition is due entirely to'hla
experience in Reno, Nev., where he waa
drugged. f r . /--. ".->.*"
Price of Oil Advanced.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 2.— The Standard
Oil Company to-day advanced the pipe
line price of petroleum 5 cents per bar
rel for high grades and 2 cents per bar
rel for low grades, except Raland,
which remains unchanged at 66 cents.
The present price . of Pennsylvania
(U 87) Is 81 cents a barrel higher than-
In September. . ri&,;- : >
CHICAGO HAS A CORNER .
ON THU PEAB MARKET
Practically the World's Supply of
the Fruit 19 Stored in Lake
City.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. — A million and a
quarter pears, said to be practically the
world's present supply of the fruit, are
stored In". a warehouse In Chicago. A
firm of South Water street fruit mer
chants are the owners of the pears. and
are supposed to have a "corner" on the
pear market.
New.'York still has a few carloads of
pears, but they will be exhausted lnsldo
of thirty days, and then the world must
call on Chicago or do ' without pears.
Already New ' York dealers are sending
to Chicago, .and for several days owners
have been, shipping to Boston. Philadel
phia, St. Louis, New Orleans, San Fran
cisco and' even Liverpool. The price of
winter pears Is steady at $3 and $3 60 a
box. - .-:;?
An elevated railroad Is to connect St.
Paul and Minneapolis. ..
Deputy May Have Been Murdered.
BASIN. Wyo., Dec 2. — Searching^ par
tfes have been sent out to look for .Dep
uty Sheriff Felix Alston, who left hera
two weeks ago to arrest two saloon
keepers In the mountains, charged' with
violating- the license law. and who has
not been heard from since. It Is f eared
Alston was murdered. ¦"*-*•!•?•
THE SAN FRANCISCO,- GALL, i THURSDAY, ;DKCEMBER- 3, -1903.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
h» 8T0MACF Ug
To strengthen the nerves, puri-
fy the blood and open up the
clogged bowels, the B i 1 1 e r s
should be taken at once. It posi-
tively cures Sick Headache, Ner;
vousness. Dyspepsia, Indigestion^
Constipation, Chills or Malaria.
Be sure to try a bottle.
ADVERTISETyTENTS. ' ..'... nnnnnnnnnrnn „'„„„„,
,00OOO0©0O©OO©00O0O000OOOO00C00800OOOOCO000
I Men, Women, Here
I Is Health andStrength.
\ frf&ifr Sick and weak people. I can cure
* $<a#%w y° u Electricity, as I have cured
I »^3k -M thousands of others. I can make the
> \«©5«yn blood circulate in your veins, the
I nerves tingle with vigorous life and
> ' , r^^} the spirit of energy show itself in
>'l 1/ every move of. your body. I have told
\ f "nJL . you that Electricity is "Life," and now
1 f.,' >Sl all scientists and doctors are approv- '
I V\V -^ V\ ing my claim. Let me prove it to
I . yv^*^/ 5 * -A \ A voa; let me show vou ow mv metn °d
I Hi r I I 41 " o* applying this great power has rev-
I A AXu^VJ^ olutionized medical treatment.
I l^J:^^^ Dr. McLaughlin's
jVflp^&l • Electric Belt ,
I Stim/ V I \ii«™* Is a Model « a Modern Home
) My' twenty years of study are shown in this grand appliance. You
I will wear it with comfort at night. arM the ELECTRICITY infused into
I your body cures all Nervous and Vital Trouble. Kidney and Bladder Trou-
\ bles, Rheumatism; Lame Back, Indigestion, Weak Stomach and all forms < of
I pain and weakness. It restores the life while you sleep, and must cure.
J Mr. B. Cavalli of Kearny Park, Fresno, Cal., writes:. "Your Belt has
* done more for me than I ever expected. 1 1 have been in bad health for the
' • last twelve years, trying everything I could think of . without obtaining
> the least relief. Now. I consider myself entirely cured. ' I used to be weak
I and full of pain; now I am strong and healthy. I shall be glad to answer
I -"any question in regard to the merits of your treatment."
I DO YOU SUFFER?" If so, don't hesitate, don't waste your time on
1 drugs which give no strength. Wear this life-saving appliance as I direct
fi and It will cure you. . Come and see me to-day. See what has been done
» for others. Test it free, get my free advice and follow it. You will find
*. it the road to health. ,
>¦ READ MY BOOK,
* I have a book which every man should read (one for women also): It
»• tells facts that are of interest to every man who wants to remain youoe in
I vitality at any age. Send for. this book to-day, if you can't calL I mail
I " sealed, free. If you caU I will give you a free test. Remember, my
I .--Belt-does not burn, though- you can feel the current and can regulate it-
| I warrant it to give a strong current for years, though no man who uses
) it right needs it over three months. Cut this out and act to-day
I DrMC, McLaughlin, 1
> Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays,. 10 to 1. 'CALIFORNIA STATE BUILD
ING AT ST. LOUIS ..IN
COURSE OF ERECTION.
Concert and Picture Exhibition
To-nJght. Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Cali
fornia and Mason streets, 7:30 till 10. Admis
sion 1% centa.'JBBBBttBMHBSISHffifl *
The California Endeavorers'. Chris
tian Hospital Association, which was
organized November 23, was incorpor
ated yesterday. The ; directors are'H.
H. Bell, D. D.; A. A^-Macurda. A. L..
Palmer, A. R. McPherson and J. E.
White of this city; : E. J. Clinton and
L. S. Rodgers of Berkeley and Edward
Newell, of San Jose. . Rev. ; Louis J.
Sawyer, Mary Stuart Turner and Sarah
E. Wise of this city are also directors.
Endeavorers Incorporate.
The will of the late Samuel Rainey
was filed for probate yesterday. it
was made July 11, 1885, and bequeaths
his entire estate, which exceeds In
value $10,000, to his widow. Mary A.
Rainey. The will provides that in the
event of Mrs. Ralney's death before his
own the estate shall go to Samuel
Rainey. a nephew of the deceased.
Mrs. Rainey and William Rainey, a
brother of the deceased, are named as
executrix and executor of the will, to
serve without bonds.
Leaves Estate to Mrs.' Rainey.
The second of the star course of
entertainments at the Young Men's
Christian Association will take place
next Friday evening:, December 4.
The programme will be given by Phil
Hunter, "the wizard," who. with his
company from Chicago, will make his
debut in San Francisco. Hunter will
be supported also by Dard Hunter, the
crayon artist. The entertainment will
consist of "mirth, magic, art and
science," which Is quite a variety on
a one-night programme.
Offers Strong Programme.
There were 370 mortgages recorded in the
month of November for a total at 12.002,870,
with 301 releases recorded amounting to $1.
699.177. .
The total sales of local reaJty during
the month of November, as summed up
in Thomas Magee & Sons' Real Estate
Circular were in value / $3,912,355, and
in number 499. The sales by districts
were distributed as follows: Fifty
varas 48, 100 varas 36, Potrero and
South San Francisco 33, Mission Ad
tion 130, Western Addition 134, outside
lands and homesteads 118. The circular
sums up the November movement as
follows:
The tales In the 100 vara section have in
creased In number, but have decreased In
amount as compared with last month. The
Western Addition and Mission dhstricts hold
the same good average as they have shown
all this year, while the Outside Land section
shows considerable Increase this month and
has -teen doing so for several months. Very
nearly as much business is being done now as
there was done during the first half of this
year when our half yearly record was broken.
On the whole, the tone of the market is good.
A comparison with the stock and bond market,
either here or in the Ea*t. and the tone of the
real estate market here is all in favor of in
vestments in real estate. | Many large holders
of stocks and bonds are now turning from
these securities to real estate for investment.
SALES IN NOVEMBER ;?£< l;
ALMOST 84,000,000
Realty Presents Solid Front and All
Sections Share in Transactions
of Month.
. William. Davis pleaded guilty to a
rharse of -h.urslary in Judge Cook's
court yesterday and will be sentenced
tKis mbrning. James McGee: was tried
for. the same offense, but the jury after
bpiirf-out «everal hours could riot agree
and "was discharged. The Jurors stood
/eleven 'for conviction and one for. ac
-quittal. The defendants were charged
with breaking into the premises of the
P-aei.fic Type Foundry Company, 508
Clay street, on September 20.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
• "If nothing else can be done,* we may
find : it advisable to add a wing to the
California *>; State ; building. / This r would
Involve; ah additlonaJ^expense of some
thing'¦*¦}like' $4000, I suppose, There . is
ground enough to hold a wing to correr
pporid with the': wing now connected
with the front of the structure. > I earn
estly hope that the combination of,ap
"peals for space in 'the education build
ing will ; be ' effectual. If we are" denied
the -will soon be;.takenYup'at;a
special; meeting ot the Calif ornia'Com-
"I am desirous that the University of
California' shall inake'a fine showing at
St. "Louis," he said, "and everything
that can be done will be done to that
end. f Only, a few . days ago the.univer
sity, committee decided what they could
exhibit." They have fine features enough
to attract wide' attention. They wish
to have in the St.". Louis Exposition,
among other striking exhibits, a model
of the mining building at. Berkeley, a
mbdelof 'the Greek Theater, a model of
the Lick Observatory, a topographical
map Illustrating the topography' of the
country! immediately surrounding- the
State University and 'its relation to
Oakland, San Francisco and the Golden
Gate. All the plans for the creation' of
the greater university are also Included
in the proposal to' exhibit at r St.; Louis.
Then there' are general and special ex
hibits of large" variety and scope in
cluded in the list of things that the uni
versity, committee thinks ought to' be
shown. Among the. articles are '. 300
books '' written - by men connected with
the university during Its history.
MAY BUILD WING.
Some time ago the California Com
missioners applied on two sep
arate occasions to the authorities
at St. Louis to have greater space than
had been originally allotted in the edu
cation building. Both applications were
met with the official statement that
more space had already been demanded
by States and by foreign countries than
there was in the education building,
notwithstanding Its ample . area of
seven acres. This fact was made known
to President Wheeler and the faculty
of the University of California.
Yesterday the situation was regarded
In educational circles as very interest
ing. The question was raised whether
the University of California would be
represented at St. Louis if it could not
have ample room. Several alternatives
were suggested In case sufficient space
was not provided In the ': education
building for a collective exhlbltl One
was that the several unique features
of the university might be shown sep
arately In different buildings; for In
stance, the mining show of the uni
versity misht be made in the mining
building, the Lick Observatory show In
another building, the agricultural ex
hibit in the agriculture building, and
so on. "
The belief was current that this would
not prove to be satisfactory to the uni
versity people, 1 for the effect of their
demonstration of the educational'facil
ities connected: with the University of
California would be practically dissi
pated by having the exhibit segregated
into units. . Commissioner Filcher said
last evening that if all other means
failed it might ;be possible to provide
room for the University of California
to make a .' collective show on "a mag
nificent scale by having an additional
wing constructed, on the California
State building .on the exposition
grounds. He thought that this might
possibly be accomplished. . -. ;
SNAG IS ¦ DISCOVERED. .
DENY APPLICATIONS.
mentioned in the foregoing were sent a:
soon as possible.
Michael Nihill. who was sentenced to
imprisonment for life last Friday by
JuJpe Cook, for the murder of Mrs.
"B»-nefrieda Baker, will be taken to San
Quentin this morning. He was granted
.a- fiv.e davs'- stay at the request of his
counsel, and*. yesterday Atterney Swee
ney' asked the Judge far a further stay
"of five davs. as there were important
jna-tters to be arranged. The Judge re
fuppd t saying: .he saw no reason why
tTie recuest should be granted.
Refuses Stay for Hihill.
It was stated yeslerday that there
will be no change in the clerical force
that served under Gilbert.
Gilbert handed in his resignation to
General Manager Kruttschnitta month
ago, to take effect yesterday, and last
night he departed for Chicago, where
he is to - enter the employ of a big car
supply firm. Immediately after his
retlrement.it was announced by the
Southern Pacific Company's officials
that the position of master car builder
had been abolished and that hereafter
the work of that office would be made
part of the duties of H. J. Small, gen
eral superintendent of motive power.
Car builders on the various divisions
of the Pacific system will report "to
their respective division superintend
ents, who, in turn, will report to Su
perintendent Small.
With the retirement yesterday of C.
A.- Gilbert from the position of master
car. builder of the Southern Pacific
Company, in whose employ he had
been for many years, another salary is
saved, the corporation and placed to
the credit of the retrenchment move.
Retirement of C. A. Gilbert Is Fol
lowed by Consolidation of South
ern Pacific Departments.
POSITION OF MASTER CAR
BUILDER IS ABOLISHED
The gentlemen In conference were,
however, confronted with the fact that*
the total space allotted to the, State
of California in the education building
at £t.' Louis Is but 1500 square feet.
Into this must be crowded all the ex
hibits from the public and private
schools in the State, and all other edu
cational institutions, Including the
Throop Institute, the California School
of Mechanical Arts and other estab
lishments that are not under- public
control. .
• Members' of the University of Call^
fornla committee exclaimed that they
must have a; laree space , and ; that a'
small exhibit would not do at ali;;.Com^
missioner Filcher agreed to second their
efforts as much as he could to see -that
they^ got the room'that they need. * Con
sequently the telegrams that have been
The conference to which reference is
made took place Monday afternoon at
the -University of California. Enthu
siasm was developed' on the part of
the university, committee having the
decision relative to' the exhibit to be
made by the university, as the reports
came in from the several departments
concerning what they can show. It was
apparent that the . University of Cali
fornia could give a show that would
be unique. It was discovered that sev
eral Eastern universities have secured
space in which to make a special uni
versity exhibit. . J' ( .
The University of Michigan has been
given 600 square feet 4 for its individual
use. Other Eastern universities have
fared equally well or have, at Jeast,
secured what they need. As the Stan
ford University Is expected not to ex
hibit, the Calif ornlans saw that to have
this State, weir represented It depended
largely upon the University of Cali
fornia to give education In this. State
its due. v
"H. J. Rogers, Chief Department
Education, Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition, St. Louis, Mo. — After a long
conference the University of Califor
nia has decided to make a -splendid
collective exhibit, unique, complete
and of striking Interest, if you can give
it space. Very important for your de
partment and for us. ; .:... ,,
"J. A! FILCHER." :
"The University of California can
install a striking feature in your edu
cational department, if given space.
We are all interested in having our
chief educational institution show. the
world what It can do and is doing, and
urgently request that your Influence
shall be exerted in the university's be
half."
Commissioner Filcher yesterday sent
the following dispatch to St. Louis:
In addition to this several other
telegrams have been put on the wires.
Commissioner Filcher has requested
Governor Pardee to wire to David R.
Francis, president of the St. Louis Ex
position, and. ask him to use his in
fluence to secure the desired space for
the University of California.
Julius Kahn has sent to President
David R. Francis the following mes-.
sage In substance:
OTHER MESSAGES GO.
President Wheeler of the University
of California and members of the fac
ulty of the university have determined
that, If possible, the State's great edu
cational establishment at Berkeley
shall be represented largely at the St.
Louis Exposition. But there is a hitch
regarding the space that is available
in the exposition Education building.
This structure covers seven acres.
Preceding, expositions have • housed
educational shows in buildings de
voted in part to other uses, like the
Fine Arts building or something simi
lar. ,
Now the space in the St. Louis Ex
position Education building has all
been taken and there is a demand for
more. President Wheeler and his edu
cational associates have conferred
with Commissioner Filcher, represent
ing California, and also w-ith Profes
sor Furlong, the head of the' California
sducational department of the St.
Louis show. As a result a message
as long as an ordinary business let
ter has been sent by President Wheeler
to H. J. Rogers, chief of the depart
ment of education at St. Louis, in
which it set forth that the University
of California desires to make a
unique and extensive exhibition and
that to do this considerable space is
desired, 1500 square feet in all. ,
Judge' Graham granted an interlocu
.tory decree of divorce to Bessle # H.
Mitchell frbm "James Mitchell and par
bara Deschler from William Deschler.
Mitchell was shown to have been an
unfaithful spouse and* Deschler a neg
lectful one." Judge Kerrigan severed
the marriage- ties "of L»ibbie Driscoll and
Daoiel J. .Driscoll and Rose Etta Case
•and. Frederick Case. Driscoll and Case
treated "their wiyes.crutllyl .
Suits for divor<-e were filed yesterday
by ArvilJa "Mitchell against Donald
Mitch'ell, 'Amret E. Hughes - against
Oeorge Hughes and Roberta M\ Dickey
against G.eorge S. "Dickey. .Mrs. Mitch
ell and Mrs. Hughesboth charge deser
tion and -want divorces and permission
to resume their "maiden names. Mrs.
Mitchell, was a Miss Macdonald and
JIi"f. - Huc*iCs' name before she married
was TSc»>tt!' Mrs. Dickey charges failure
to -provide. She -also wants a divorce
'and permission to resume her maiden
nanie,_ which fs Minor. Daisy E. Moore
wants & divorce from Harry J. Moore
for desertion.
. -Austin- Kanzee, -cashier of the* Boston
•.\\V>ven. llose and Rubber Company and
•W«- retaxy " of the. Dagle Rubber Com
pany, is ho longer the husband of Lila
Kanzee. He got a divorce from hex in
Jiidpe -Kcrrjgan's court yesterday on
the ground of cruelty, proving by his
own testimony and that of tils brother
end a friend, that his young wife had
•treated him in a cruel manner from the
last days of October, 15>01, to October 9
of this year, when she left him. They
v.ere married Just two years- ago.
Though K*nzee is the plaintiff in the
action, he agreed to pay Mrs. Kanzee
525 a month for her suj.port and $25' for
the support of their 11-months-old
child, the custody of wh r .m was award
ed to the' mother. The allowance for
Mrs. Kar.zee. is to continue only .for
one year. 1'' -
As in former years, Colonel George
French and Mrs. French and General
Secretary George Wood, with the of
ficials, are laying out their programme
for the Christmas day dinner, which
will be given at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Plans are also being formulated by
whicfr applicants will receive a good
basket dinner, so that they may cook
it in their homes. Each basket will
be amply provided with the good
things of the season.
The Salvation Army's solicitors have
each been armed with a duly author
ized card bearing the name of George
French, the provincial officer, and the
address of the headquarters.
The officials will prepare and pro
vide dinner for 2000. which will be
quite an undertaking. The dinner last
year was appreciated by a great num
ber, who would have been compelled
to have passed the day with but a
meager meal but for the. army's hos
pitable preparation. The army of
ficials therefore once more count upon
the ever ready generosity of citizens to
aid them in -softening the hard lines
of life and bringing good cheer on
Christmas day to those weighed down
with utter misfortune.
All donations, cash or materials, will
be received at the army headquarters.
Checks and money orders should be
made payable to "the Salvation
Once more with the approach of
Christmas appeals are being made in
behalf of the poor of the city and
among those who are making the an
nual solicitation is the Salvation
Army.
He T-estifiss Th\t for Two
Years Wife Made Life
. Miserable.
Appeals to the Kindly for
Aid in Philanthropic
Husband Gats Decree of
Divorce on Ground .
of Cruelty.
Salvation Army to Give
Christmas Dinner
to the Poor.
NEEDY PEOPLE
TO BE FEASTED
KANZEE HOME
IS DISRUPTED
• No charge: for letterins; your name in
gold on', pocket t books,' card ; cases, came
ras, % travelingr *sets." ? trunks,^ valises,-; dress
suit cases or. any. other.flne leather. goods
purchased at our ' store. San bora, Vail
2/ Maggie Gaeger" was arrested yester
day by Policemen Boland and De Gran
court and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of, assault with a deadly
weapon. • Mrs. Mary. Murphy, her sis
ter, who lives at 307 Fourth street, ac
cuses her of throwing a teacup at her,
which struck her on the head," cutting
a gash In her scalp. Mrs. Murphy .was
taken to the Central Emergency; Hos
pital, where > her * wounded scalp was
stitched ana dressed. .
Threw Cup at Her Sister.
-Miles Balrd, who recently achieved
considerable notoriety by his effort to
"shoot up" Montgomery street and by
his manner of compelling his friends to
take a l"nlp" with him, is in need of
ready cash. Yesterday he filed a suit
against the Union Trust Company to
compel it to turn over to him forty
shares- of stock ..In \ the Balrd estate,
which last . April he, gave into the , cus
tody of the 'Company to hold in trust
for him for the period of ten years. He
says he wants the stock to give to his
mother as security for a loan' of $25,000,
with which he hopes, to pay his debts.
Ruth Jackson Balrd, the. young man's
wife, is associated with him In the suit.
Miles Baird Wants Honey.
M. G.'Jeffris, president of the senate
of the National Union, and J. W. My
ers,' secretary • of the same fraternal
beneficiary vassocjatl^nrV arrived in this
city late Tuesday night on an official
visit to the' nine councils of the order
in this city. were met qp the
other side of the bay by Senate Senator
J. W. Cuthbert; TV. TV*. TVheelock, pres
ident, of the San Francisco Cabinet on
reception of the senate officers; General
Deputy J. N. Bunting and several oth
ers and escorted to the Palace Hotel.
After supper they were driven to'Mis
sion Council, in Mission Masonic Hall,
where a pleasant evening was spent in
an informal way. The visitors were en-,
tertalned with the eloquence of. Merton
C Allen, a member of the council, and
there was a response from a * social
standpoint by the Senate president, and
a few words from the Senate secretary.
Last evening the Senate officers paid
a visit to California Council, in tre Pio
neer building. To-night the visitors
will attend a meeting of the nine coun
cils in Golden Gate Hall, where there
will be a class initiation, and it 1* ex
pected that more than 200 strangers
will. have the three degrees of the or
der conferred upon them in the ampli
fied form by a team specially selected
?for the occasion. . To-morrow night the
visitors*.' will attend a theater party in
the Grand Opera-house, and on the fol
lowing night they will be the guests of
honor at a banquet in the large ban
quet hall of the Golden Gate building.
In addition to addresses by the visitors
on that occasion, there will be responses
to toasts by Mayor Schmitz, State Sen
ator E. I. "Wolfe, H. M. Wascerwitz and
other prominent citizens who are mem
bers of the order.
After, the Senate officers; have visited
the local councils they will proceed to
Tacoma "to visit a council there, and
then return to this city. On the even
ing of the 11th inst they will meet with
the. councils of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley in Joint session in Oakland,
and on the following night they are 'to
visit -the council In San Jose, after
which they may visit the council . in
Sacramento and return to their homes,
the president in Janesvllle, Wls., and
the secretary in Toledo, Ohio, by the
southern route, stopping at Los* Angeles
on the way to, visit the council there. 1
Excellent Programme of Entertain
ment Is Arranged by Local Mem
bers of Association.
NATIONAL UNION OFFICERS
HERE ON OFFICIAL VISITS
A picture has been received portray
ing the California State building as it
appeared four days ago. . Since the orig
inal plans were adopted by the Califor
nia Commissioners it has been found
necessary by reason of the excessive
cost of construction of the building first
designed to curtail somewhat.
mlssion'to St. Louis, and some decision
will be reached."
CARSON, Nev.. Dec. 2.— The wedding
of T. L. Oddie, general manager of the
Tonopah Mining Company, and Miss
Clare McDonald, daughter of Robert
McDonald of San . . Francisco, took
place to-day in the Episcopal church
of this city. Oddie is one of the new
made millionaires of Tonopah. while
the bride comes from families that have
been before the public both in San
Francisco and New York. Among the
gifts was a full dinner set made of sil
ver from the mines of the famous
camp. It was presented by the miners
of \ Tonopah, who are the personal
friends and admirers of Oddie.
Becomes the Bride of .T. L. Oddie,
General Manager of the Tonopah
; Mining: Company.
mss cxare McDonald
IS MARRIED AT CARSON
"I was never upon the place but
once," said O'Hara, "and I am not sure
that I was upon the right farm then.
I did not build any fence or house."
Saling testified that he had not so
much as gone In the neighborhood of
his claim and that it might be' a rock
pile for all he knew. O'Hara Is a bar
tender and Saling is a printer.
Attorney Halley, for the defense, read
the affidavit of O'Hara, in which the
witness declared that he had erected
a housed wc-rth $80 - on the farm, had
pufuD $30 worth of fence and had re
sided continuously upon the place for
fourteen months.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 2.— "It is a
pitiable thing that the court has to lis
ten to such testimony as this," , said
United States Circuit Judge Charles B.
Bellinger in the course of the trial this
marring of Asa Thompson, receiver of
the Land Office at La Grande, who Is
charged with soliciting bribes.
I Glen H. irfaljne:. one of the Govern
ment's witnesses, was upon the stand
and had just calmly stated that when
he made \ affidavit to his compliance
with the regulations regarding home
stead proof he was not aware of the
questions and. answers set forth In the
paper. Dallas O'Hara and Saling had
both sworn that they had, not resided
upon the land, had not built houses or
fences and did not even know the exact
location of the property. But they iden
tified their signatures to the proofs of
the' claims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Does Not Know the Location
cf the Property Claimed
,, : by Him.
Witness Calmly Admits
Having Maiie False
Affidavit.
LIGHT IS THROWN
ON LAND FRAUDS
THE SAN ERANGISGOrGAm THURSDAY; DECEMBER 3,;i903.
A/Vires Are Laden With Numerous Official Telegrams in * Which Managers
of Exposition Are Requested to Make Room for Unique and Extensive
Exhibition Illustrative of the State's Great Educational Institution
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SEEKS
LARGE SPACE AT ST. LOUIS SHOW
7
I'-;': ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ... Pretty boxes and odors
are uSed to sell such
• soaps, ;as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
¦ disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it. •
. •' Pears 1 , the (inest soap
in the world is. scented. or
not, as you wish ; and the
. money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the- box.
Established over" 100 years. •
| TABHURSTi
I Qi€ujU£ BRAND 'I
pj QUARTER SIZES QOABTEB EACH 1
Erf CLUETT. PEABODY & CO. ''' B
m Ifrfcers of Cluett and Monarch Shirt* g
EVERYBLADEWRRANTEP
Always Remember the Full .N§me
f axative j&ronio (T^i^iune
Cores a Coid in One Day, Cnp in 2 Days
S& PlLJcJ oaevery
Weak Men aod Women ;
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTEP.S. THE i
Great Mexican Remedy: give* health and
iUttstn to sexual orgaas. Depot. 323 Market. I
scott's Banmsiox.
•There are two kinds of
emulsions of cod liver oil —
Scott's and all the others.
Not one of the latter is as
valuable as Scott's Emulsion
and there's a reason for it
Only the purest ingredients
enter our Emulsion and its
quality never Varies. That is
why it helps when all others
fail.
There's not much oil in
the market now; it's scarce
and high in price. But seal
oil and other inferior oils are •
cheap and plentiful. TKat's
why you can buy so many
substitutes for Scott's Emul-
sion at a lower price.
We guarantee our Emul-
sion to be the best remedy
for weak lungs, low vitality
and wasting conditions. Who
guarantees the others ?
' We'll send you a sample free, npon rc^sit.
I SCOTT & BOWNE. 409 Pearl Street. New York.
OCEAN .TRAVEL.
Sg\C*~r'2&. Steamers leav.e San Fran-
< /E^'^firfV • d»co aa follows:
j AriL. . Xd\ For '¦ Ketchlkan. \Crang»l.
/a/ TwSeWja \-*\ Juneau. Hainea. Skairuay,
I \t13K5V 1 'tc. Alaska— tl a. m.. D«>c.
I I YtaMTO/ .1 2. T. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. J.
V*iv \\ 7»9/ Change to company'a st?am-
\»^!_^-&y •»» «» Seattle.
>3'JSW!>' For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcotn — 11 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at geattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N\
Ry. ;;at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :SO
p- m. Dec «,'. 12 -IS 24, 30. Jan 5; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. \ 9. 15. 21, Tt. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays; 9 a. m.
State of- California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea»t
San 1 Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luls*Obispo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a m.. Dec. 3 11. 19. 27.. >Xan. 4.
Bonlta. 1> a. m.. Dec. 7. 15. 23, SI. Jan. 9.
For Ensenada Magdalena Bay. San Jos* d«I
Cabo Maiatlan Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia' Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th cf eaca
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right \a reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OmClIS—- 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NANN, General Passenger Agent. *
. 10 Market street, San Francisco.
Om'Hm & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 23. Deb. 9. itK 29.
••George "W. Elder" sails Dec 4. 14. 2*. Oal7
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all point.* East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam*
•hip and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer satis
foot of Spear st. at .11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. ; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. • Freight Dept. 3
Montgomery st. *
AMEKICA3T I.I3TE.
Haw York — Southampton— London.
St.Louls.Dec.l2.9:3(ram|St.Paul.Dec.Z6.9:20 am
X.Tork.Dec. 19.9:30 am!PhUa.Jan. 2. :>:.;o am
ATLAHTIC TRAXTSFOXT LUTE.
K«w York — London Direct.
Min't'ka. Dec. 12, noon!Mlnn'pls.Dec.26. 10 am
MesabaDec. 19. 9 am!Mlnnehaha.Jan.2. 3 ana
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
soxnnos line.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Dec. {«( Dominion Jan. 23
Canada • Jan. 2i Canada -.Feb. tj
BED STAB LIDTE.
Hew Tort — Antwerp — Paris.
VarI'd.Dec.l2.10:3O am|Zeerd.Dec.2tU0:30 am
Xrn'ld.Pec.lfl.lO:3O ami Finland. Jan. 2.10:30 am
WHITE STAB TjJw'JS. - -
New York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic Dec. 9, 9 amlCedrlc. .Dec. 30, 1 pra
Oceanic. .Dec. 16. 4 'pm; Majestic. Jan. 8, 10 am
Teutonic. Dec. 23. noon Celtic Jan 13, 2 pm
Boston— Queenitown — Liverpool.
Cretlc Dec. 10. Feb. 11. Mar. ID
Cymric » Dec. t\, Jan. 2S, Feb. 25
BOSTOXT MEDITEBBA37EAN SESV3CE.
Azores. Gibraltar. If aplaa, Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5. Jan. 1«. F«b. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 13
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco. •
IkA^SSs. MARSEILLES." GMOoli 9
fcg MAPVE-S erAIZ^ANDBIA fcCYPT.^J
ROMANIC. Dec. 5. Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. Feb. 13, Mar. 26
CANOPIC Jan. 30, M*'- >"-
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet. >
These steamers are the largest in Medi-
terranean service.
First class. S75 and $80 upward, according
to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool naee^taw,
CRETIC iDec. 10. Feb. It. Mar. l.»
CYMRIC Dec. 24.* Jan. 28. Ftb. 25
First class, $65 upward. For plans, etc.;
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-SI State St..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
lOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers wtll leare wharf, corner First an<4
Brannan streets at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting *'.
Hongkong with steamer* for India, etc. , Xa
1 cargo received on board on day of sailing.'
g. S. HONGKONG MARU :.."¦'
Tbmrsday. December 3 190C1
S 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. Decembex SO 1903
8 B. AMERICA MARU ;-.
:. Monday. January 25. ¦ 190*
V.a Honolulu. Round-trtn tickets at reduce^
rates. - For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market sticet. corner First,
- W. H. AVERT. General Agenl
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10, 2 p.m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.19, 11 a.m.
B. 8. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Jan. 6, IDOi.
4l!imfSuiBks.C8.,l|*i..T1eiitErc3.!4JIirt«a
Mtfl9hi.t2llttWll.Rrh.7.fieiflitL ,
COXPAfiKIX eElXaill TkaRSlTLAKTIQTJL
DIRECT LINE" TO HAVRE-PARIS. \^»^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42,. «*¦¦¦»«¦
North River foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $7» and upward. - Sec-
ond-class to Havre. ?-fO and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
yr»re Island and VaUaJo Steamers.
Steamer OEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a m 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m, L«ave Vallejn.
7 a. m. 12:30 and « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 «. m. 4:13 p m. Fare. 80 cents. Tel.
Main 1308. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROft ' .
Weiy Gal $1.00 Wear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RHEUMATISM
Dissases of Women Cured.
HORE PROOF:
"In five weeks' treatment Electro-
chemistry cured me perfectly of a se-
ver/; rheumatism, which caused a
swelling of- the ankle joints and a
stiffness and lameness in my knees.
The pains were very severe at times,
and there was a great weakness in my
back. My general health was greatly
run down, and besides curing my
rheumatism, strengthening my back
and relieving me of my pains, the Elec-
tro-Chemic treatment has built me up
in every manner"."
MRS. MARY RICHARDS,
213 Shotwell st., San Francisco.
CONSULTATION Tnir
AND \Wt\
X-RAYEXAMINATIONI I ILL
Specialties — Consumption. Catarrh,
Bronohltla, Asthma,. Cancers, Tumors.
Deafness, Head and Ear XTolses, Bhenma-
tlam. Paralysla, XTenralsla. Piles. Bla-
'eaae* of the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys and
Bowels, Special Diseases of Ken and Wo-
men.* All chronic diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you Ilva at a dis-
tance, try to come for a persona! examination.
If you can't come, write for Instructions for
home examination and treatment.
ELECTRO'CBEMJC INSTITUTE,
118 GBAVT A7£., Cor. Post.
. . • bah rsAxrcxsco.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to S p. m. and 7 to 8 p.
m. daily: Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate apartments for ladles and gentltmen.
Good Cooking
at home — not dear cooking — but
economical and appetizing cooking
is made possible in every kitchen by
using a little
LIEBI6
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
/J^h EXPERT OPTICIANS. /i?S
tjV HUE OCULIST'S Y[t
\*r' Prescription
IjW EYE GLASSES f^
£_/ At Moderate Cost, V», v
- ¦ AM ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Cored fc> STAY CURED. Cmb
ft nl II H tunowi Health nmtond. A*-
11 \ E H IU| II taekuww return. SttfcwrtUr
HO I nifflH^:;^^is^^5
BMdieiiiM. Book 60 Fit II. - WB«ty«i f^,»IUiHm»
AiUmaaBdHvrmr. P. Harold Hayw, Buffalo. N.T.The police authorities of Oakland received the other day
an, eloquent if not intended compliment to their abilities.
•A\ burglar, Iwhom they had captured, attempted to hang
himself ,in his 1 cell. It is such pleasantries^ of; police life
as this that make us wish Oakland would lend us a few
of ' her thief-takers for a while. There is ¦ little • in police
administration in San Francisco to cause such ah effect.
'It is hardly credible .that the Government consulting
Vommission : of ' Colombia, discussed the assassination . of
United States Minister Beaupre as a political necessity.
It is difficult to understand, how the directing spirits" of
any nation ;Can approach annihilation. with complacency.
Speak Gentle.
Speak y«ntle — It ban better far
To rule by love dan fear;
Ef yu speak rough, yu stand nice chance
To get ghde smash on ear.
Speak yentlft to the coal man — h«
Ban easy to get mad;
Ef yu an't getting any coal.
By ylnger, dat ban bad! .
Speak yentle to poleesman. tu—
Ay know he ban mean pup;
But vat's the .use to taling him
Ven yu skol get locked up?
Speak yentle to the Alderman
' Ven he ban feeling blue.
And maybe, ven he turn gude trick
Ho skol whack up with yu!
Speak yentle to yure lady frends
And give gud« lots of bunk
Ef yu skol lak to getting chance ¦
To put yure clothes in trunk! .
Speak yentle to Ylm Yeffries. tu.
Ay tank dis ban gude hunch —
Den yu an't need to put yure face
On Maester Yeffries* punch!
Speak yentle everywhere yu go.
And people skol forget
That yu ban vatching for gude chance
To winning every bet! \
! — Milwaukee Sentinel.
Ceylon's Exhibit
Stanley Bolo, special commissioner
for Ceylon to the World's Fair at St.
Louis, now in New Tork, thus outlines
the representation which his island will
make. .
"Our attention," says Mr. Bois, "was
invited to the forthcoming exposition
at St. Louis by John Barrett, in Jan
uary last, and just at that time W. H.
Figg, the mercantile ¦member of the
legislative council, was in London. He
was cabled to come over and canvass
the situation, and report his judgment
as to the expediency of having a rep
resentation for Ceylon. He came over
to St. Louis," and upon his return the
Governor appropriated $80,000 out of
the' colonial exchequer, of which
amount $35,000 is to be "expended in the
erection* of a building The structure
Prosperity • in. Mexico.
There is cood reason for the opti
mistic" view of Mexico taken by the •
French experts who, after, personally \
Investigating the mines and manufac
tures of that country, -report that it is
destined to experience a remarkable
boom before many years. The basis of
their belief is that the Mexicans will
soon adopt the gold standard, giving
their moqey a stability that will Imme
diately Invite further inflow of capital,
not only from the United States, but ¦
also from France, Germany and CJreat^ •
Britain. This will be practically all*
that Is needed to Insure a" wondorful
expansion of Mexican industries, for
everybody who knows the country i*.
aware of the greatness of Us natural
resources. Properly developed it could *¦
support a population of perhaps 50,'WO.
000 in comfort and prosperity. When *
that development Is attained, and in
proportion as it Is approached, the
United States will profit unless ther* is •
suicidal recklessness In neglecting a
market.— Providence Journal.
Wild Snaiis.
A man In Louisville had a barrel of
snails sent to him from Italy recently,
but, the Custom -house officials held
them up because they could flpd no
duty to levy on snails, and it did not .
seem right to. let them in for nothing.
It looked as If the snails would pass .
the rest of their lives in the Custom
house, but the man finally offered to ,
pay duty on them as wild animals and
the officials let him have them.
Five Great Soldiers.
Senator Daniel of Virginia said in "a
recent speech at Baltimore that the
nineteenth century produced only five *
soldiers who could be called great-
Napoleon. Von Moltke.
Grant and Robert E. Lee — Leslie's
Weekly.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cali
fornia itreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
Do you wear glasses? Property flttlnc
glasses and Murine Bye. Remedy promots
Eye comfort. Murine makes weak arw
strong. Druggists and optician*. • -
Some music lovers were discussing
the passing of the Tivoll. One said:
"Do you know that one can weigh his
own musical opinion — using the world's
estimate as a standard— in as correct
a. scales and as easily as he can weigh
himself physically? Unconsciously we
all form estimates of each musical
number, but sometimes wonder if such
opinions are based really upon our own
knowledge or upon hearsay. The next
time a melody occurs to. you ask your
self what It Is and by whom.'- If you
cannot remember your weighing scale
is ready. Just place your stamp of
good, bad or indifferent upon the name
less song and then jot the notes down
on paper, if you be musician enough,
awaiting the time it shall be identified
to you: if not, ask the first musician
you. meet what it la. .When identified,
if it be the theme of the Kreutzer So
nata by Beethoven, and you stamped
it (Indifferent, know, gentle sir, that
when you raved over Beethoven he was
not yours but your neighbor's god. If
it be of the 'Annie Rooney* class, and
you stamped it good, you are utterly
lost. If, on the contrary, the melody
made your spine tingle and you longed
for a Job as a grand conqueror or
something, when you have only a 2x4
stature, and you discovered it was
Wagner's great Tannhauser March,
you may know that you really appre
ciated, the music for its own worth and
not because of any thins you were
told."
Self Criticism.
Emperor Menelik. wKo claims to b«:
the most blue-blooded of the monarchs ;
of the Old World by reason of his al-*
leged descent in a direct line from King'
Solomon of Isra-el and the Queen of
Sheba. has just. issued a decree impos- .
ing the most severe and- rigorous pen-_
alties for any one found buying orsell
ing a slave in Abyssinia. He is bent
upon abolishing slavery altogether in '
his dominions, and when one takes Into
consideration the fact that slavery of
one "kind or another still exists hot only
in the realms of thfe TurKlsfi Kult^u of
the Egyptian Khedive of the Sfcah of . #
Persia, the King of Slam and the. Em
peror of China, but even in the feuda
tory States of British India, in the'Con
go Free State ruled by King Leonold:
in Zanzibar, which is vassal io Great
Britain, and in the colonial, dependen
cies of France. Germany and Portugal
in Africa, it mu*t be admitted tha*t Eiff
peror Menelik deserves a great deal of
credit for his humanity and progress
iveness in honestly endeavoring to sup
press the most wicked of all trade,
namely, that in human beings. Menelik .
is a far more enlightened ruler than is
generally believed and has but little in
common with his ferocious predecessor.
Emperor John, who was wont to^ slice
off the noses' of those who used snuff,
to cut off the lips of those found smok- •
ing and to brand "crosses In the "hand "
of every Mohammedan who -fell into",
his clutches, ju3t by way of converting
him into a Christian.
Menelik, Modern Ruler. ¦.
MR. SHAFROTH of -Colorado has introduced and
had referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency a bill to authorize the issuance of cur
rency redeemable in bonds of the United States. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the presen
tation of bonds of the United States in amount not ex
ceeding ten million dollars per month,- to issue in lieu
thereof bonds to be known as, currency bonds," in denomi
nations of ten, twenty, fifty, one hundred, five hundred
and one thousand dollars, payable thirty years after
date in the currency stipulated in the surrendered bond,
and bearing, interest at one\per cent per annum. .
These currency bonds are to be issued inamount equal
to the market value of the bonds surrendered — that is to
say, the new issue includes the par value and the premium
on the old. The holder of the currency. bond upon de
positing the same in the treasury shall have issued to him
a currency certificate of like denomination, certifying that
it is secured by such bond, and made .receivable for all
taxes and dues to the Government, and a legal tender for
all private debts, except when otherwise stipulated in the
contract.
The^lan has some original features. It, in effect, re
verses the order of conversion adopted in the case of
the greenbacks upon the resumption of specie, pay
ment. The greenback issue was converted into bonds by
the process of selling bonds for the cash to redeem the
currency. The Shafroth bill proposes now to reverse
that process by converting the bonds into greenbacks
again. But by the.legal tender act of 1862 the greenbacks
rested on the credit of . the Government, and their value
depended on its power to redeem them. - The national
bank law interposed and caused the conversion of the
bonds which redeemed the greenbacks into national bank
currency to the extent of 90 per cent of their par value.
This conversion could be effected only according to the
terms and conditions of the^national banking law, safe
guarding incorporation, extent of credit and kind of se
curity. The Shafroth bilfrin effect, extends this privilege
of converting bonds into currency to any holder of exist
ing issues of United States bonds. It may be done by a
banking corporation, by an individual, by a partnership.
It will be observed that the bill would result in im
mediately, converting the principal and the premium on
bonds into currency. For instance, the new registered fours
are at a premium of 33, so that a holder of that issue for
$100 would receive a currency bond for $133, at one per
cent interest per annum for thirty years, convertible {: at
once into $133 in currency. At the end of thirty years the
new bond would be redeemed by the Government in the
same currency in which the original bond was payable.
As all of our bonds are now payable in gold, the founda
tion of the new currency would be gold, of course.
The plan deserves the study of financiers, and will re
ceive it. If, as is possible, our entire bonded debt were
converted into the new one per cents the whole interest
would be lowered. The national banks do not issue the
full amount of currency warranted by their capital, be
cause the high premium o'n their bonds makes it more
profitable to convert them into cash. Under this proposed
law they would convert principal and premium into cur
rency. . .
• But suppose the bill should work to convert the whole
outstandingbond issue into currency, the immediate ef
fect would be an inflation of the currency by nearly one
billion dollars. That Seems to be the point at which the
scheme becomes dizzy. But its novelty, its assimilation
of the principles of the national banking law and its rever
falof the order of emission and redemption of the green
backs make it worthy of consideration. ', ,
DURING the recent visit of the President to -New
York to attend the funeral of his uncle the Police
Department undertook to safeguard him. The
arrangements were so imperfect that' a crank was able to
get to him. It is no answer to say that the crank Avas
a harmless old featherhead, well known in. California. as
a self-elected nuisance. The fact is' that if a crank intend
ing no violence ; could evade the police '. and waylay the
President, an anarchist assassin could do the same thing
and accomplish his murderous purpose. -¦
While it is deplorable 1 that the President - of • the
When there was open to woman no
career but matrimony to which any
respect was attached it was natural
that she should marry as she had op
portunity, all the more that she real
ized so little before entering upon it
what matrlmony^meant. It was equal
ly natural that the woman who did not
marry presumably because not chosen
should become an object of pity and
scorn, for by being left she was proved
lacking in those feminine attributes
which attracted men— she had not been
true to her sex, so to speak. "Thus "old
maid" became a~stijrma to avoid ¦ at
any cost of one's feelings if one pos-
Eessed more pride than heart; and
many a woman did, and many a wom
an has married not for love or even for
a home- but that on her tombstone
might be written "Wife of." ~It scarce
ly seems that such a motive could in
spire one to so vital a step. Yet it did,
and strongly in the years when wom
en's career was domestic or nothing—
when, in fact, she was a superfluous
woman If not married.
Even to-day, with all the possibilities
open to the young woman, she will be
heard discussing the respective merits
of Fred or John and weighing one
against the other, exactly as she would
do if a third were to come into the bid
ding. Still, you see. a matter of sale,
and sale no less that it is done under
the guise of law and of respectability.
If a woman is Influenced by, worldly
conditions in her consideration' of a
man's proposal, or if ehe^ goes to him
for any other reason .than that he is
the complement of her, nature, the be
ing who makes her glad she is a wom
an, she sells .herself as truly as if she
did it without the sanction of the law.
There are women who do not marry
because they will not ' marry without
the sentiment that to them is the true
sanctiflcation of the marriage relation.
There have always been such women —
not many of them, for they had to be
strong, enough to walk alone, and'that
Is painful at.best; and" they had not
only to walk alonei but to face scorn
for being braver and than the
average of their sex. v V "V
That many women formerly entered
the marriage* state without any real
drawing toward it is shown by the
eagerness with which women have
turned toward, other, means of support
as these have opened up to them". Noth
ing has ever been Been in social econoni-:
ics like the welcome given by women
to ways of self-support, arid though
the Inrush of the sex Into various lines
has brought ¦ some evils, it has healed
others,] and the' disturbance is like . the
fermentation in wine, that makes the
mass srobd ' and ultimately clears it.
Even the superficial student of cus
toms knows that the idea of matri
mony as a two-sided affair in which
woman has as much interest as man,
with her individual tastes as much to
be regarded, is scarcely two genera
tions old. Even now marrying Is not
exclusively^ the result of devotion of
man to woman and of woman to man.
Marrying formerly rested wholly with
the man as It yet does among depend
ent women. Probably when the prime
val man rapped \ over the head and
carried off the woman who attracted
him he was showing: as much senti
ment as was needful, and her opinion
was not sought. The girl who ( escaped
such masculine attention was an un
fortunate, despised by her companions
and by- herself, too, that she was al
lowed to walk in safety.
After clubbing went out of style, and
barter became the rule, it was still the
male who selected, and the female who
accepted the result without demur.
With the twentieth century the form
of bartering has changed somewhat,
for do we not see our rich girls be
coming buyers of dukes and "other titled
men riot too proud to be sold In as
open a market as if put up to auction?
Indeed, throughout the world, in civil
ized and uncivilized lands, marriage re
mains more a matter of sale than of
sentiment, but the reaction has started
which will some day make this im
possible.
BT rMISS) DORA MAT MORRELU
(Copyright, 1003. by Joseph B. Bowlee.)
Is Marriage a Barter ?
SHAFROTH'S FINANCE . BILL.
Grover Cleveland owns a railroad that he can't sell
and which won't pay. Perhaps he might induce Bryan
to accept it. Mr. Bryan's taking ways, admirably, demon
strated in the Bennett affair, might suggest a solution of
which Cleveland is incapable.
Superior Judges at. times during
the trial of divorce cases experience
great difficulty In getting from female
witnesses the exact language they claim
to have heard husbands use to their
wives and vice versa. It is" particu
larly trying to" the jurists when the
language happens to be of the kind
that in a divorce complaint comes un
der the head of "vile and opprobrious
epithets." y i'r":>i ; ;.' ,
Recently Judge" Murasky spent ful
ly thirty minutes trying to learn from
a female witness the words she said
she heard the defendant in the suit
call the plaintiff. "You will have to
repeat them, madam," finally said the
Judge.
The woman still demurred and then
blushing furiously commenced spell
ing the words alleged to have been
used.
"That will do, madam," said the
court. "You will have to pronounce
them.'' The stenographer will do the
spelling;."
Lesson in Orthography.
Let the sum be sufficient to pay for
clothes and for the countless little ex
tras so dear to the feminine heart.
There is no need for a man to impover
ish himself in order to do this. A com
mon sense talk before marriage 'should
inform him as to how much (or how
little) his future wife needs for spend
ing money, clothing, etc. If he can
meet the demand he should do so. If
not let him figure out how much of his
salary he can afford to give her as an
allowance; and If she is the right sort
of rirl she will usually make it suffice.
Personally, I' began married .life
with the allowance idea. My wife
and I have separate bank accounts.
I have no idea what sum of. money
Fhe has in bank, nor is it any affair of
mine. My sole affair is to see that she
always receives her just allowance
and that she shall be spared the hu
miliation of having to ask me for
money that is rightly hers.
For women are not like men In this
matter of asking for money. If a
man is broke he seldom has any vast
hesitation in "touching;" his best
friend for the wherewithal to tide
over the difficulty. The flush of
ehame does not mount to his brow to
any extent as ; he breathes the plea:
"Say, old chap, can you lend .me
$1© till Saturday?"
J3ut with women it is different. They
hate to ask their husbands for money.
At least the best of them do. They
don't seem to realize that the hus
band's vow, "With all my worldly
roods I thee endow," makes his
money as much theirs as his. If they
could be brought to realize that, there
would be /far fewer heartaches. But
?since, apparently, they ca'nnot bring
thpmselves to that wise frame of
mind, I think husbands .should save
them embarrassment by making
them a regrular weekly or monthly al
lowance. . •
"Dear," she laterupted, "several
thousand people used to work for just
those wages up to forty years ago.
Only they were called slaves. And
the country "showed its disapproval
of such payment by abolishing that
form of slavery and declaring it ille
gal. You couldn't get any one on
earth to-day to work for you for
board arrd clothes wages. Why" do you
try to force your wife to?"
Whereat, being at heart a sane
man, he began to see light. And
since then they are happy; she prov
ing to be a model housekeeper and
far more than earning the handsome
allowance he giy.es her.
The surprised benedict began ; to
mumble fond nothings concerning a
lifelong devotion, the" love of a good
man, etc. But she cut him short.
"For all that," she said, "I make
fall return in kind.. But what do I get
for being your housekeeper and gen
eral supervisor?"
"You get a good home," he retort
ed, a. little nettled, "and I will see you
have as good .clothes as any woman
you know, and — "
A girl of ray acquaintance was mar
ried a few months ago. On the re
turn from the honeymoon she had the
ensuing little business talk with her
husband. * *
"By the way, dear," she began, "you
know I'm to keep' the house in order,
manage the servants, plan the meals,
entertain your guests, • keep your
clothes in good "condition and do a few
hundred more tasks of the same tri
fling order. What do I get out of all
this?" ' ;. ¦¦'.;¦
Men don't realize what an ur.heard
of good bargain a really good wife is.
For the same amount of work (not
done half as well) any paid house
keeper would expect board and lodg
ing and at least $30 a month. Why
grudge your wife the same sum?.
And. I may add, if she is a good
wife, she earns her allowance, no mat
ter how large it may be. For«the
average housekeeper and homemaker
does w.ork that comes under the head
of "skilled labor" .of the most Bkillful
kind and keeps it up daily for a term
of hours that would cause her expul
sion from any labor union under the
sun. For a man to expect to get such
service and to pay for It merely by
food, lodging .and clothes, is reminis
cent of the famous exchange column
item:" ; -.^
FOR EXCHANGE — One canceled 2-cent etamp.
In perfectly sood ccaditlcn, fcr a diainpnd
tiara, a 24-foot catboard or a corner lot.
So an opinion on that all-important
theme will perhaps be mo.re authorita
tive coming from a man (a husband,
too, of course.) than from a woman.
It is perhaps the only subject con
nected * with, marriagre on which
woman's testimony is not far more
valuable than is "mere man's." : . - ¦-¦
And — as" a "mere man" — as a hus
band—as a -father — as a person of
average common sense (I hope) and
honesty, I say most unhesitatingly:
• "Every wife should have her own
pocket money." v • .-•'
(Copyrtsfct, 1903, by •Oeeph B. Bowles.) •
. The question, "Shall a wife have a
separate allowance of her own?" must
invariably" be ahswered by a man, by
each woman's husband. His is the
last voice, the final wo;d on the sub
ject (not a too common event in mar
ried life), and all theories pro or con
must vanish before his simple "yes"
or "no."
BT JOSEPH M. WEBER.
[Theatrical Manager and Author.]
Wages of Wifehood. •
that will serve as the Ceylon court I
expect to find about half finished- I
was appointed through the 'concurrent
preference of "the Governor • and*/ the
planters of Ceylon in April last, since
which time we have been .busy . with
our preparation of a proper display,
next year: .1 • desire to be on the,
ground .when the finishing touches are
put upon the building that nothing
may be omitted that will make it thor
oughly representative of Kaijdian
architecture. Our building is lo
cated adjacent to -the . Agricul
tural building, and is certainly
very eligibly situated. It .yilll be our
aim to install a thoroughly ¦character
istic display, reflecting -the natusal re
sources of Ceylon, her soil products and
the results of- hen industrial -life.'
Besides, we shall give special
prominence to the articles in whick we
are building: tip trade in the United'
States. Chief among these will- be.
plumbago as a mineral product, and
the two other articles which divide
the honor of .prominence as staples —
products of the cocoa palm anil tea. Our.
trade in black tea, which found its
principal market in the United King-]
dom, had been on the .wane, and we
turned our uttention to the manufac
ture or curing of green tea for the
American market. The export of gre'en
tea to the" United States last year whs
1,500,000 pounds, and thus far this year
it ha3 been C.5OO.C0O pounds, and we ex
pect to reach the 10,000,000- mark for
the full calendar year." Mr. Bois will
go to London for the Christmas holi
days, and return to St. Louis in April
of next year with his family, remaining
through the exposition.
Surely it is fitting that the press should seek to let'the
world know all these things, and that is the, purpose of
The Call.—
OUR readers are urged to note the weekly publi
cation in our columns of facts relating to the
production and resources of California. In a re
cent number of the Strand Magazine, London, is an ar
ticle on the pampas plume industry in this State. The
writer, who is an 'Englishman, has visited California, and,
speaking of the effect upon pampas grass of transferring
it from the pampas of the Argentines, he says: "Like
everything else uv California, it was found that the trans
fer of this plant greatly increased its luxuriance of
growth and the beauty and utility of its plumes." "Like
everything else in'California" tells in one phrase the won
derful story of the effect of our soil and sunshine upon
all useful plants.
Our yield of all fruits of the vine and tree is so enor
mous that persons outside the. State are incredulous.
When told the fact that a prune orchard in California has
produced an average of 1100 pounds of fruit per tree in
one season, two trees bearing over one ton," they cannot
comprehend it, for it lies outside of their experience.
When they hear 'of our. usual crop of grapes being ten to
sixteen tons per acre, and that our vines have produced
individual bunches weighing from sixteen to twenty-two
pounds, they "have no personal experience to use as a
standard of judgment. So, when the peach-growers of
Michigan, New Jersey, foeiaware, Maryland and Georgia
are told that in California, the peach tree, for aught we
know, is as long lived as the oak, they refer to their own
experience, which is that the -life of the : tree there is
limited, seldom exceeding ten years, and averaging per
haps seven, and cannot comprehend the reason for the
difference in longevity. But in that very fact lies'an ad
vantage enjoyed* by our peach-growers here. When
orchards have to be regularly replanted, and bearing time
has to be waited for through several years, without profit,
the expense of the business and the cost of production
are enhanced. ;;r tf »^
Those distant growers, subjected to these disadvan
tages, find another fact hard to believe, 1 - which is that a
peach tree, set in the orchard in January or our other
spring months, may be expected to bloom and bear fruit
the same season. This strange union of longevity and of
precocity in bearing is characteristic of all of our fruit
plants. The olive in the Mediterranean countries "does
not bear until it is seventeen years old. Here it bear3
at three years and is expected to throw a full crop at
seven. All of these facts, and numerous others which con
stitute the foundation and permanence of our fruit indus
try, it is our object to put before our readers regularly,
with the expectation that the story, validated by the sig-*
; natures of observers and experts, will, be used to spread
; abroad information that will enlighten the stranger as to
I the capacities of California.
The latest of these publications, from the pen of Gen
eral Chipman, president , of the State Board of Trade,
by official figures demonstrated the magnitude of the
fruit industry here as a leading interest of the State. In
the East, as all men know, orchard crops are a side issue.
In some States, special- attention is paid 'to some lines of
fruit production. Missouri has created* a special inter
est in*the apple. New York, on the hills of the Hudson
and at Hammondsport and around Keuka Lake, has de
veloped a great industry in grapes, producing principally
the Concord and other congeners of the wild fox grape.
The peach in some Eastern centers is made a staple or
chard crop. But outside of California there "is no State
that regards fruit production as one "of its leading inter
ests, because the climatcand soil, by natural selection and
adaptation, do not indicate, as here, a Special and friendly
fitness for that form of production. -
The pre-eminence of California in this" respect is tes
tified to throughout the East by certain commercial facts.
We speak of the odors of Araby when perfumes and
their origin occur; Golconda and Kimberley occur when
diamonds are thought of; Cashmere and the Gardens of
Gul are joined when we think of nature's floral gifts.
Now in exactly the same sense California has come to
be associated with fruits. Everywhere in the East, in any
considerable towns, one sees "California fruit" stores, and
from Duluth, "the zenith city of the unsalted seas," to
E^stport, Maine, everywhere our fruit is seen. It is
there while the snow lingers in the late spring, and when
it falls in early winter, and before either leaf or bloom is
on the Eastern tree, and long after both have fallen.
With these advantages, and progressive improvement
in packing and transportation, California fruit will hold
a lead in which it has already left the rest of the world
far behind. Nor is our field limited to the United States.
"Every season increases our fresh fruit shipment to Lon
don and widens its market in that metropolis. Our dried
fruits, including raisins and prunes, are rapidly reaching
for the control of the world's^ market in those products,
and will finally conquer and hold it. This. widespread
influence of our products is base^ on soil and climate,
longevity of trees and vines, and extraordinary produc
tion. As these elements inhere in natural arid unchange
able physical conditions, which, exist nowhere else as
they do here, it will be seen that we have a specialty
which none can take from us.
We are just upon the eve of expansion in the charac
ter and^falue of our orchard products. When the plans
of Mr. Swingle of the Agricultural Department are per
fected there is no reason to doubt that we will domesti
cate on the Colorado desert a date production that will
supply the world. There the deglet noor, the "date of
light," the finest grown, can reach unlimited .production
as soon as adequate irrigation is provided. Now it is
grown on oases in the Sahara, where it is laboriously
irrigated with water drawn in buckets from deep wells,
and is transported to railroads in Algeria on. the backs
of camels. He proposes also to introduce into Northern
California the large pistachio nut of Syria, a high-priced
article of commerce, which should flourish here like the
almond. Natural fitness will domesticate with us other
valuable exotic fruits to supplement our present standard
sorts. » ¦¦¦
f THE STATE'S RESOURCES.
A tragic upsetting of the beautiful
tableau in the prelude to "Ben Hur"
at the Grand Opera-house a few
nights ago was only averted by the
strong poise and self-control of the
actors who impersonate the "three
wise men." In the setting for the
scene appear three camels. One of
these beasts of the desert is alive, the
two ; companions in the picture are
merely stuffed "property" affairs. It
is with the live camel that this tale
hath to do.
Shortly before the curtain was rung
up on the scene during the night in
point some heedless wit fed three
large and ' aromatic California
onions to the real camel. The
vegetables were gems as spec
imens .of odoriferous garden
truck. They were laden with the true
onion flavor. Our friend, the camel,
munched the fodder with evident de
light, for they were succulent mor
sels. Unfortunately the thoughtless
wight who was guilty failed to fol
low with the all essential sen-sen.
On the stage the onion burdened
camel was led. As the curtain part
ed on the scene the "wise men" got
a whiff of the exhalation of onions.
And they got it strong. The longer
they stood before the beast the strong
er became the offense. To move
would have ruined the scene. It was
a case of torture for art'3 sake, and
art won. • * f 'r'?'-~
But just as the star of Bethlehem
gleamed forth the camel coughed.
Imagine, dear reader, the tortures
carried upon the breath of that cough.
The Unspeakable Camel.
From the bottom of my heart I feel
a deep pity for the average marrfed
woman. She earns her money as nobly
and as completely as does any day la
borer. She keeps a man's house, rears
his children, makes his life happy. And
for this she receives no pecuniary com
l>ensation beyond an inadequate
amount of money, too often ungra
ciously giv;n. Surely, a high price to
pay for the privilege of writing "Mrs."
before her name!
•An allowance — a liberal allowance —
ungrudgingly bestowed— is the solution
to more domestic difficulties than this
world dreams of.
I once knew a man whose wife lived
on board-and-clothes wages. He was
suddenly called out of town and left
her $100 with which to manage the
house in his absence. In Joy at having
such an enormous sum to handle, she
rushed out and* spent 20 cents — yes,
twenty whole cents — on chocolates. The
husband returned unexpectedly the
same night and demanded the money
he had left with her. Shamefacedly
and trembling she handed him $99 80,
and faltered. out the teirible truth as to
the missingr 20 cents. v9>'
•\lust like a woman!" sneered her
lord and master. "The best of them
can't be trusted to handle cash."
When a man dies and leaves his for
tune to his wife, small wonder she so
often squanders it. Had she handled
it more freely in its collector's lifetime
she would dispense it more wisely after
his death. | '-'AfJx*
Many a man grumbles that his wife
has no idea of the value of money.
When I hear a man say that sort of
thing: I mentally explain his wife's ig
norance of money values on the ground
that she never has any money to exper
iment on.
Of course there are women whose one
joy in life is to spend their husbands'
money recklessly. There must be.
The comic papers and the bachelors
say so. But there are also men mean
enough to grudge daily bread to their
wives. Everyday observation tells us
that. So. the average is probably quite
as much to one sex as to the other.
Many a man who brands his wife as
extravagant would "fall dead" if she
spent as much on her own amusements
as he spends on his.
The 'murder of President McKinley followed close
upon those incendiary utterances, and since then we have
seen a great increase in the number of half-baked crea
tures, full of mock heroics, who look upon the President
as the actual source of want and oppression, whose death
will bring in Utopia. Under these circumstances the
whole country is interested in safety for the person of the
President and indorses the inquiry now in progress be
fore the Police Commission into the reason for permit
ting the crank to waylay him in church. It is a strange
revelation of- the perversity of the oblique mind that such
precautions are necessary, in a time of peace and general
prosperity, when the country .has less reason than ever
in its history to complain of economic or political con
ditions. But deplorable as it is, the fact exists, and goods
citizens can ohly^hope for such a moderation of personal
and political criticism as will gradually efface the incite-,
ment of the weak and criminal to murder.
United States has to be guarded against attack, and is not
free to go and come in safety, like any other citizen, sore
experience has proved that he is/no longer safe from
harm. President Roosevelt chafes under the restriction
of his liberty. He still leaves the White House on foot
for long and vigorous walks, • or for horseback excur
sions, and when he is in the open, away from the crowd,
is amply capable of defending himself. But every citizen
feels that Presidents are in danger in crowds and must
be guarded.
Since Mr. William Randolph Hearst said in his news
papers in April, 1901: "If a man in search of big game
walked into a zoological garden it would be foolish of
him to spend his time trying to kill a mouse, with ele
phants, tigers and lions all around. It is equally foolish
to aim his blood and thunder at. the old-fashioned little
kings and emperors, when the really big men are so
plentiful and so near at home," and, describing the exe
cution of Louis XVI, said, "So when we hint that this
republic is in danger now, jusf remember what a short
time intervened between the King alive and drinking and
the King dead .and all the peasants eating," there has
been spread a feeling among assassins that the road to
national happiness and plenty lies in the assassination of
the President. • '
T HE SAP FRAN CISC Q CAlg,:
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor. .. . ..,• .'. • • -Address AH Commanications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office..':............; §?#?^*^
THURSDAY. . ..'... . . ¦ v • v • • • • • • • • •/••• ... .DECEMBER 3, 1903
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3,, 1903;
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
POLICE AND THE CRANK.
8be purchased or built. The various big
interests in. Southern California with
which Huntington Is prominently iden
tified are laree consumers of lumber
and will naturally receive their sup
plies from the new;. company he and
Hammond are preparing to form.
The San Francisco section of the
Council of Jewish Women will hold
its regular alternate meeting in the
Sunday school rooms of the Temple
Emanu-El this afternoon. Marcus
Rosenthal will speak on "Some Medie
val Ghettos." Cantor Stark will ren
der sacred music.
Jewish .Women to Meet.
The taking of evidence in the suit
of J. H. McCarthy for $100,000 dam
ages against the Master Horseshoers*
Association and the Journeymen
Horseshoers' Union will conynence to
day in Judge Hunt's court. The Jury
was secured yesterday." It is composed
of "James Atridge, John F. Postel, &I.
J. Bohannon. Bernard. Speier, Charjes
I* Bache, Thomas Heffron, Edward Q.
Kendall, Albert Landsberg, Frederic
R.« Marks, George R. Fletcher, Charles
F. Mueller and Louis Schneider. Mc-
Carthy claims damages on the ground
that the master horseshoers and the
Journeymen entered Into a conspiracy
to drive him out of business.
McCarthy Case on Trial.
When the application for a writ of
habeas corpus for the release of Ed
ward Ansell, a. young Englishman,
came up for argument before Judge
Cook yesterday the District Attorney
said he bad no return to make and
the Judge granted the writ and or
dered Ansell released from custody.
Ansell was arrested last week on a
statement from the Chief of Police of
Vancouver, B. C, that he was wanted
there for forgery. About two hours
after he was released Chief Wittman
received a dispatch from Vancouver
to hold Ansell at all hazards, but De
tective Peterson, who was here to take
him back to Vancouver, had left on
the steamer Senator, and there were
no papers on which to hold Ansell.
Ansell Is Released.
Predicts a Great Accident Because He
Feels Something Bjid, Somehow
and Somewhere. )
Morbidity of temperament or an ex
cessive use of drugs or alcohol im
pelled some unknown person to pencil
the following on a postal card ad
dressed to and received by Coroner I/e
land yesterday:
"City Dec 1 03 Coroner Leland Dear
Sir: Somehow I feel that a great ca
lamaty will happen here. I can allmost
se how the Police are keepping the
crowds back. Dont take me (or a fool
I have often felt the same as I do to
night before some accidents.
"Will give my name later."
The Coroner's deputies are awaiting
further tidings of the unknown prophet
of tribulation.
The Bear Sails for San Diego.
SEATTLE, Dec. 2. —The United
States revenue cutter Bear sailed
Tuesday night for,San Francisco, from
which port she will proceed to San
Diego,. where she will pass j the rest
of the winter. Captain Francis Tuttle,
late of the United. States, revenue cut-,
ter Thetis^ will probably be assigned
to the command or the Bear. She is
now commanded by Captain Wilde.
* ; fr
are: Miss Irene Sabin, president:
Miss Aimee Van Winkle, vice presi
dent; Miss Genevieve Cavanaugh, sec
retary; Miss Mabel Cope," treasurer;
Miss Emily Plagemann, historian, and
Miss Ednah Howell, corresponding
secretary.
• • •
The Charles Crocker house at Cali
fornia and Taylor streets will be
thrown open to the public for a large
reception and sale, which will be held
this afternoon and evening for .the
benefit of the Children's Hospital. The
Presidio band will provide' excellent
music and. there will be candjy ice
cream and many attractive articles
sold. Tickets are selling rapidly at $ 1,
and there will be a large and fashion
able'attendance. The hours are from
3 to 6 arid 4 8 to 11 p'. m. .
PROPHET OF DISASTER
WRITES TO THE CORONER
Steamship Hyades Arrives in Port.
TACOMA, Dec. 2.— The steamship
Hyades arrived in port to-day from
the Orient, having been absent two
and a half months on the voyage to
North China ports. The Hyades en
countered heavy weather from Yoko
hama, but the gales were eastern and
she logged an average of eleven knots
a day.
FRESNO, Dec. 2. — The Farmers^
National Bank of this city began suit
to-day against the Union Trust Com
pany of San Francisco for $32,424 71.
The litigation grows out of the Por
ter Bros. Company failure. The plain
tiff alleges that the mon^y was paid
to the trust company by the receivers
of the Porter Bros. Company, to be
in- turn paid by it to the Farmers'
Bank ;, that demand had been -made
by the plaintiff bank -upon the trust
company for the" amount, but that it
had not yet been paid. The plaintiff
therefore asks for a judgment, but
without interest or costs. The suit is
a friendly one and is brought to pro
tect the trust company when it'pays.
Suit Grows Out of a Failure.
Railroad Surveyors Move Camp.
NAPA, Dec. 2. — The railroad survey
ors who x have been working north of
Monticello for some ttme. have moved
their encampment to Snell Valley, far
ther north on Putah Creek. They will
proceed to Lake County to Join another
detachment of surveyors. In a short
time they will return and move on
gradually toward the Sacramento Val
ley, carrying out plans for the connec
tion with a transcontinental line.
SALINAS, Dec. 2.— Another freight
train was wrecked^ beyond Cuesta on
the summit grade over the Santa Lucia
hills this afternoon, being the second
near the same place- within thirty-six
hours. Several cars were ditched and
demolished, causing a disarrangement
of the coast line schedule. The cause
of the wreck is given as a broken
flange on a wheel on one of the box
cars. No loss of life Is reported.
Freight Train Is Wrecked.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2. — The Santa
Teresa Quicksilver Mining Company
has secured options on 375 acres of
mineral land three miles south of this
city. The price agreed on is $50,000.
The Col-Promis Realty Company gave
an option on 200 acres to John Joyce
and W. B. Holloway of Boston and Jo
seph Borba has granted the same
parties mining privileges on 175 acres;
The bond with the Col-Promis Com
pany runs for six months, by which
time $10,000 must be paid. On the
Bofba property $5000 is to be paid by
July, 1904. There are good prospects
on the place and development work
will commence at once.
Santa Teresa Quicksilver Mining
] Company Will Commence Opera
tions Near San Jose.
The ladies of the Twenty-Minute So
ciety of St. Luke's Church held their
annual reception and bric-a-brac sale
at St. Luke's Guild Hall yesterday af
ternoon and evening. The hall was
crowded from the time the doors were
thrown open till the function came to
an end late last night.
A superb music programme was ren
dered under the direction of Wallace
Sabin. Many beautiful articles were
on sale and display in the large hall.
The ladies are elated over the success
of the affair and expect to realize hand
somely by it. The proceeds will go
toward the fund of St. Luke's Church.
The affair was under the direction of
Mrs. Philip Caduc.
The following ladies also assisted in
arranging the function: Mrs. H. J.
Scott, Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. H. Als
ton Williams, Mrs. G. H. Kellogg, Mrs.
G. H. Kline, Mrs. J. G. Clark. Mrs. W.
S. Watson. Mrs. C. E. Gibbs, Miss
Hamlin, Mrs. A. E. Belcher, Mrs. W.
C. Morrow. Mrs. J. D. Ruggles, Mrs.
F. Galindo. Mrs. B. M. Weede^. Mrs.
A- P. Talbot, Mrs. E. E. Brownell>Mrs.
E. R. Bryant. Mrs. John Simpson, Mrs.
M. M. Bruce. Mrs. A. D. Rodgers, Mrs.
W. H. Kirk, Mrs. L. F. Monteagle, Mrs.
R. Pell, Mrs. R. J. Anderson, Mrs. Sid
ney Worth. Mrs. John Gray, Mrs. F.
C. Young, Mrs. J. H. Mallett, Mrs.
Philip Lansdale. Mrs. G. H. Powers,
Mrs. A. N. Drown, Mrs. Beveredge,
Mrs. F. Beaver. Miss Mesick. Miss Ber
nie Drown. Miss Eliza Kline, Miss
Helen Gibbs, Miss Ruth Anderson, Miss
Stocker. Miss Daisy Sabin, Miss Gray.
Miss Drown, Miss Van Sicklen
and Miss Carolan.
Twenty-Minute Society Holds An
nual Beception and Sale
of Art Goods. '
PLEASANT AFFAIR FOB
BENEFIT OF ST. LUKE'S
SECUBES AN OPTION
ON MINERAL LANDS
FRESNO, Dec. 2. — A valuable au
tomobile owned by O. B. Olufs, a local
grain merchant, took fire to-day from
a defective sparker and was destroyed
in the middle of J street, near the
postoffice. When the blaze started
Olufs stopped the machine- and en
deavored to extinguish the flames, but
the lire had gained too much head
way. In a few seconds the woodwork
and upholstering were blazing fierce
ly and an alarm was turned in for
the fire department. . The firemen
misunderstood the direction given
them and went on* to another part of
town. A crowd of several hundred
people had gathered in the meantime
and watched the fire. Advice was
plentiful, but every one seemed to
fear an explosion of the gasoline and
stood on* at a distance. Finally one
of the chemical engines^ was secured
and a stream turned on that -quickly
subdued the flames, but not until the
automobile was a total wreck, nothing
being left by the Iron framework.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
In connection with the present agi
tation in the 'umber trade over the im
pending fight between the Pacific Coast
Company and the schooner owners it
cii learned yesterday that Henry E. ¦
Huntington.- vibe president of the
Southern Pacific Company, and A- 9.
Hammond. ' the lumber magnate of
Northern California, are soon to en
gage in the lumber business on a large
scale in Southern California. The two
millionaires have already had "several
conferences regarding the project,
which will be inaugurated by the open
ing of a big lumber yard at San Pedro,
to be controlled by a company which
is now beinff formed and in which
Huntington and Hammond will con
trol the bulk, of stpek.
While Hammora has been In the
north arranging for future deliveries
.nf lumber to the company in the south,
Huntington has been busy negotiating
with E. H. Harriman for the purchase
rf thirtv acres of land on San Pedro
Bay owned by the Southern Pacific
Company. Ttie land is part of Timms
Point, the greater portion of which was
filled in some months ago by the rail
road company Bnd is a commanding
Fite for lumber traffic in that It is ap
r>'rc»achM by deep wuter and will af
ford fh«* saf*? docking of lumber ves
pel*. It is the intention of the Hunt
inpton-Hammond syndicate to operate
inelr own vessels, as soon as they can
"The Pacific Coast Company will first
endeavor in every possible way to in
duce the lumber carrying schooners to
abandon their traffic in coastwise pas
sengers, and if. they refuse to do so
our company will immediately inaugu
rate a service of its own and with its
yards at different points along the coast
launch forth in the lumber trade."
The Pacific Coast Lumber Company
has been organized by the Pacific Coast
Company for the . purpose of carrying:
"n the fight, which it Is expected will
b»! on by January 1, unless the schoon
er owners in the meantime agree to go
out of the passenger business.
MAGNATES ENTER TBADE.
In discussing the purposes of his
¦OSthera trip yesterday Bell stated that
he e xpected to remain here a week and
would then continue down the coast to
San Pedro. • Before coming to San
Francisco he visited a large number of
the lumber mills In the State of Wash
ington, including those of the Weyer
hdeusers. who are. the largest holders
of- timber lands on the coast, and he
claims that, he received from a large
number of them assurance of a big
supply of lumber when it is needed for
the new yards* which the Pacific CoasJ.
Company purposes to open. Concern
ing the prospective fight. Bell said:
ARE READY • FOB WAS.
Bell is regarded as one of the most
practical lumber men on the coast, and
for that reason he has been given
charge of what many look forward to
as ono of the bitterest fights that has
ever been waged -on the slope. Yester
day Bell spent a great deal of his time
amor? the representatives of the larger
lumber interests, especially those that
have cjrencies.in the southern part of
the State. One of the first moves to be
mad"e by Bell will be to establish a big
Jard at San Pedro. The Hoopers of
this city h^ve already been ordered to
vacate the property there that they
have long leased from the Pacific Coast
« 'ompany.' It is possible that the com
pany will also establish a yard in this
city.
James E. v Bell, former manager of
the Bell-Nelson Lumber Company of
Kverett, who has been engaged by the
Pacific Coast' Company to carry on its
fight agains.t the lumbermen of Cali
fornia, whose schooners have entered
into the passenger tram"? business,^ ar
rived yesterday from the north and is
registered at the Grand Hotel. Through
Hell the Pacific Coast Company has ar
ranged to establish lumber yards -at va
rious southern points, including San
Pedro. Kan Diego, Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles, with a view toward cut
ting the present rates on lumber and
forcing the \ mill concerns that have
i'een carrying passengers between the
coast ports on their schooners to aban
don this traffic.'
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 1— The steam
er Iro Maru, which arrived to-day from
the Orient, brought Captain and Mrs.
Hoelstad of the wrecked American
ship Benjamin F.-Sewall, and he con
firms the report that ten of the crew
were killed by savages of Tobago Isl
and off the Formosan coast.
Searching parties found two of the
men belonging to the mate's boat,
which had fallen into the hands of. the
natives. The men, "William Reinwald
and Julian Calco, had been kept alive
to carry wood. "and when found were
naked and their bodies were blistered
and_ sore. The clothing belonging to
the others and identified by Captain
Hoelstad was found in a savage vil
lage, where ell had been killed. What
disposition was made of their bodies it
was impossible to learn.
Those who were killed were Joseph
Morris, third mate; Thomas Pickle and
his wife, Japanese woman, the Chinese
¦carpenter and Chinese cook, Henry
Adams,, an American... negro; Peter
Johnson, a Chilean, and three Japanese
seamen. • ,.
Since the wreck the United States
Consul at Shanghai has received ad
vices from the United States that the
dead officer had been left heir to $28,
006. . \
The fanner of the Sewall's loss was
daVJ'ed in the press cables previously.
Correl niurdered a companion on a
hunting trip, rifled his pockets of $35
and threw the body into a creek. He
was convicted and sentenced to ten
years' imprisonment Before the Su
preme Court had passed upon the case
he robbed his father of $200 and came
to California.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2. — Luther
Correl.a convicted murderer, who 'was.
released on $10,000 bail while his case
was on appeal to the Supreme Court
of Tennessee ' and who jj skipped out
from Chattanooga, will be started back
to that city to-morrow in charge of
Sheriff "W. P. Hays, who arrived .here
to-night and identified the prisoner.
Correl was arrested here two weeks
ago for burglary and the. detectives
recognized him as the. much wanted
Tennessee murderer and for. whose
capture a reward of $500 was offered!
Correl denied his identity and the mat
ter had been in doubt until to-night,
when he was identified by the Tennes
see officer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chemical Engine Arrives on
Scene Too Late to Do
Effective Work.
and Hammond
to Enter Lumbsr Trade
in the South.
Prisoner Is Wanted in South
for Killing and Robbing
a Companion.
Seamen Esca pa Perils of Sea
to Meet Death at Hands -
of Savages.
Says Company Will Not
Compromise With
Schooner Men.
Tennessee Officer Identi
fies Los Angeles
Cracksman.
Captain of Lost Vessel
Confirms Story of
Killing.
Defective Sparker Sets
Fire to a Valuable
Machine.
The young women who comprise
the Heartsease Auxiliary of the Cal
ifornia Eye and Ear Hospital will
hold a vaudeville entertainment and
sale at the Palace maple and marble
rooms Saturday afternoon and 'even
ing. The proceeds will endow a bed
in the hospital when the new building
is erected. The old hospital building
is now closed and patients are being
cared for at other places, pending the
erection of a new structure adapted
to the needs of such an institution.
The officers of Heartsease Auxiliary
• • *
Mrs. Georg« W.; Haight,, president
of th« club, presided. The afternoon
closed with an informal reception,
during which the light refreshments
were served. i
(a) Nina (Pereolesi), <b) ' My ' Mother Bids
Me Bind My Hair (Haydn), (c) Bender Stream
(words t>7 John Moore); music. Old Irish, Miss
Rebecca Delvalle; (a) When Mabel Sings
(Steaks), (b) In the Woods (Mac Do well), <c)
How He Loves Me Best, Mrs. Guttle Grc'i
leaf-Kruger; Cycle ot Five Songs (Tennyson'*
Maud), music by Smnervell: (a) By the Cedar
Tr«e. (b) Birds in the High Hall Garden, (c)
O. I*et Solid Ground, <4) Go Not. Happy Day,
(e) Oh. That "Twere Possible. Mrs. Marlon E.
B. Robinson. Accompanist. Mrs. W. Batch
elder.- :.- • • ¦:•• . .:nt.\
Mrs. Marriner-Campbell read a pa
per, the subject of which •was "What
I Heard and Saw, in the Vocal Stu
dios of Paris." Some of Mrs. Camp
bell's pupils sang the following num
bers to complete the programme:
There was a meeting of, the Laurel
Hall Club yesterday at 1620 California
street. It was guest day and each
member . was privileged to bring a
friend. The regular business meeting
was held at 2:30 o'clock, after which
an entertaining programme was given
before a large audience of sympathet
ic listeners-
• • •
Members of the Forum Club held
an interesting session yesterday at the
clubrooms, 233 Sutter street. It was
town topics day. and Mrs. Benson was
the speaker of the afternoon. A pleas-"
ant informal reception followed the
programme.
Mrs. A. M. Burns gave a card party
yesterday at her home on the corner
of Washington and Hyde streets. Eu
chre was the game and pretty prizes
were awarded. Miss Daisy Burns, a
daughter of the hostess, will entertain
at cards this afternoon.
Mrs. Camillo Martin and Miss Grace
Martin, who recently sent out cards
for Wednesdays In December and Jan
uary, held their first reception yesterl
day at their home on Broadway. Many
callers were received.
• • • •
Miss Mollie Phelan gave a pretty
pink luncheon yesterday at her home,
Valencia and Seventeenth streets, in
honor of her debutante niece. Miss
Alys Sullivan. This was followed by
an informal tea, to which forty were
invited. The luncheon guests were
Mrs. F. Sullivan, Miss Ada Sullivan,
Miss Helen Bowie, Miss Florence Gib
bons, Miss Helen Pettigrew, Miss
Florence Callaghan, Miss Emily Wil
son, Miss Margaret Nee, Miss Gert
rude Joliffe, Miss Violet Buckley, Miss
Peyton-.
Mrs. Harry F. Sullivan was at home
yesterday at her home, 1518 Van Ness
avenue, and entertained many callers
during the afternoon. '
Mrs. John I. Sabin and Miss Sabin
gave an informal tea yesterday after
noon for Mrs. Guy Jiunt, Cochrane of
Los Angeles.
• * • *
• • •
Mrs. Charles D. Stone gave her first
at home of this season yesterday at
2061 Green street. The drawing
rooms were prettily decorated in
Christmas berries and bamboo. Red
also predominated in the refreshment
room, where red shaded candelabra
shed soft light over the table. The
hostess received her callers, about 100
in number, alone and wore a dainty
gown of white mull. Mrs. Stone's
second reception will be next Wednes
day.
Mrs. Homer King and the Misses
King gave a pretty luncheon at their
home yesterday, complimentary to Miss
Caroline Ayers, a bride-elect. White
chrysanthemums and arparagus fern
were arranged with charming effect for
decoration._^£overs were laid for
twelve. >v
Mrs. Burns Macdonald and Mrs.
Hilda Macdonald Baxter gave the first
of a series of luncheons yesterday at
the University Club. The table was
decorated with a profusion of violets
and tulle bows of the same color. Mrs.
Victor Clement of Salt Lake City was
guest of honor. Those invited to meet
her were: Mrs. William Macdonald,
Mrs. Harry Sperry, Mrs. William Kirk
patrick, Mrs. Paul Bancroft, Miss Ben
der, Mrs. Millard Wayman, Mrs. Wil
liam Wier, Mrs. Frank Fuller, Mrs.
Richard Tomlinson, Mrs. Jesse Godley,
Miss Herrick, Miss Sophie Faull, Miss
Lottie Woods, Miss Ednah Robinson,
Mrs. Moulton, Mrs. Cambron, Miss
Constance Kirkpatrick, Mrs. A. S. Mac
donald, Mrs. Martinez, Mrs. Frank
Sumner, Mrs. Ward, Mrs. John Rodg
ers Clark, Mrs. George.
Mrs. A. W. Parrott received her
friends yesterday afternoon at her
home on Sutter street. The beautiful
rooms were decorated with a profusion
of flowers and the callers were charm
ingly entertained. The hostess was as
sisted by Mrs. John Parrott, Mrs.
Joseph Donohoe. the Misses Parrott
and the Misses de Guigne. - -
Mrs. Welch was handsomely gowned
in white point lace over chiffon and
silk and received her guests with
charming cordialty.
Those who assisted were: Mrs. Eu
gene Lent, Mrs. Charles Welch, Miss
Deming and Miss Eleanor Demlng.
A delightful "at home" was given by
Mrs. Louis Wejch at her residence, 2177
Pacific avenue, yesterday afternoon.
The beautiful rooms were lavishly dec
orated with American Beauty roses
and a profusion of foliage. The refresh
ment table was also in red and lighted
with red-shaded candelabra.
The reception hours were from 3 to
6 o'clock, and more than 200 callers
thronged the spacious rooms during
that time.
BELL IS HERE
READY FOR WAR
BURGLAR PROVES
TO BE MURDERER
TOBAGO NATIVES
MURDER SAILORS
SOCIETY GRACES
THE "AT HOME"
OF MRS. WELCH
FLAMES WRECK
AN AUTOMOBILE
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY'. DECEMBER 3, 1903.
9
ApVEBTISEMEHrTS.
'-'TASTE IS THE
FEM ININE OF
SILVER, JEWELRY,
C U T- G L AS S,
OBJECTS OF ART,
HAVE ABTI8TIC
M' E R I T
Sbbb WHEN FROM nod
SHREVE & GO
I POST & MARKET I
I STREETs|
I OPEN EVENINGS I
I DEC. 12th TO 24th |
For Stomach Disorders
•¦ i: ; Gout and Dvsoepsla
:vV£y V DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIQNXEB. GO., San Franeisea
AUT7SEMENTS.
GREAT EXHIBITION
2000 Thoroughbred
POULTRY, DOGS, PIGEONS, GATS
MECHANICS' PAVILION
EVERY DAY AND NIBHTTHIS WEEK.
. ; ADMISSION BOo.
j CHILDREN 23c.
Racing !|pBl^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK;
'•*"" NEW CALIFORNIA* JOCKET CLUB.
flgysg^f* Commencing November 14. .
' Racln* Each Week Day. Rain or Sola*. '
Six or More Races Daily.
Race* commence : at 2:15 p. m. (harp.
For special trains stopping at the. track taka
6 P. Ferry.. . foot ¦ ot Market street, at IX
12:30, 1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No* smoking la
list two cars. . which . ar* reserved tor ladlej
•and their escorts. ..
Returning., trains lear»- track at 4:15 ud
4 :45 and Immediately after th» last race.
- ' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
FERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V Printing J
(g^J) eve loping/
AT CUT RATES
1 I set the' pace both on the prices on this
work and ¦ on the quality. , People • appre-
ciate " my efforts to give thefn the beat'
Kodak developing- and printing at LOW
PRICES. . Here are a few figure?:
: 'developing. * v —
Roll of six '••¦" • • l«e
Roll of i twelve 15c
PRINTING.
Solio flniBh .3c to 5c
: Velox finish v. 3c to 6c
- . - ' Mail orders promptly filled. • -
THAT MAN PITTS
F.'.W. PITTC, the Stationer.
10O8 Market Street
Above '• Powell, : San .Tfranclsco. '"• ¦' '
GBAPE-NUTS. - I
ABOUT FEAR
Often Comei From Lack of Bight
• ' . Food.
* Napoleon 6ald that the best fed sol-
<3ier» -were his best soldiers, for. fear
and nervousness come quickly when
the 6tomach is not nourished. Ner-
vous fear is a sure sigm that the body
Js not fupplied with the right food.
A Connecticut lady says: "For
many years I -had -been a sufferer from
indigestion and- heart trouble and in
almost constant fear of sudden death,
the most ( acute suffering possible.
Dieting brought on weakness, emacia-
tion and nervous exhaustion and I was
M complete wreck physically and al-
most a wreck mentally.
'•J tried many foods but could not
avoid the terrible nausea, followed by
vomiting, that came after eating until
I tried Grape-Nuts. This food agreed
•ivith my palate and stomach from the
Ktart. This was about a year ago.
Hieadily and- surely a change from
sickness to health came until now I
have no symptoms of dyspepsia and
can walk ten miles a day without be-
ing greatly fatigued. I have not taken
a drop of medicine since I began the
use of Grape-Nuts and people say I
look many years younger than I
really am.
"My poor old sick body has been
made over and I feel as though my
head has been too. Life Is worth liv-
ing now and I ezpect to enjoy it for
many year* to come if I can keep away
from bad foods and have Grape-Nuts."
Name given by Postum Co.. Battle
Crefk. Mich. >
There's a reason.
L«ok in each package for a copy of
the famous little book. "The Road to
iTellvJUei" /
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA TflEATJ
To-Morrow Afternoon, December 4, 1903,
AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
MONSTER BENEFIT
PERFORMANCE
IN AID OP THE
FREE WARD
California
Woman's Hospital
A PROGRAMME BEYOND COMPARE!!
CONTINUOUS SHOWl
HESElBVED SEATS $1.00
Now on sale at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*, .
f*m iiueh a sMfBAssscri
IgULUstglilSH LWWQTHaiH
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Wm. A. Brady's YTT A TT
Elaborate 1/1/ it V
Production If If |*& ¥
of the V V X3L A
Greatest ¦ ¦^r-w^ 1^. "^
Play. 3J\J W JL1
Lottie
Blair Parker, Vsb * fY\
Elaborated by W^ i\ |
Grlsmer. JbW F^^ "
Next Week— Last Nijthti. "WAT DOWN
EAST." . ¦
irAblFQRNT/n
Ul LAST TIME "ifiScS I
|' SATURDAY NIGHT. (j> %l
ATTHE TUketn9Wh0j9
QL D company and the
s* r» r\ c C whoU p'*3 r -"- A «»»toB
Stevens In the Ex-
ROADS. amtawr *
Next Sunday.
mi yoh Tozrsozr, i__
The Ever- Welcome Favorite. |*p"*
| with Nelae Erlckaon. )f1
liHELATRUl
MATINEES -TO-DAY AND, SATURDAY.
LAoT THREE NIGHTS
Of the New Scenic Melodrama.
OVER
NIAGARA FALLS
SEE THE MARVELOUSLT REALISTIC
NIAGARA FALLS SCENE.
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee
mARIE-HBATH ISSbean?.'
Irv the Delightful Rural Drama.
FOR MOTHER'S SAKE.
DDirEC Evenings 15c. 25c 80c and 75c
fKlttj Matinee s. 15c. 25c and SOc
INSTANTANEOUS AND UNPARALLELED
SUCCESS OF THE NEW AND-
ORIGINAL BURLESQUE.
1 : "I-O-U.'~
The Greatest of all Musical Comedies.
* t Full of Amusing-. Situations.
New Songs. Dances and Fan Oalor«.
A»» our "All . Star* * . cast. Including Kolb
and Dill. - Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blake.
Maude Amber. Ben T. Dillon. Georgia O'Ramey
and the Althea twin sisters team. : (Their first
appearance here.).
Our '• Beautiful Chorus of Fifty Voices.
Production Lavish in Every Detail.
Seats on Sale Two Weeks Ahead.
Matinees Saturday and 8nnday.
.WEEKLY CAXL, S 1.00 PEBYEAB.;
We have all the new pictures and
frame* for the holiday trade 'now on ex-
hibition and Rale. Come and ¦ see them.
Sanburn. Vail & Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
C$v$$$o; Qtilckly and effectively In all ease* of Nervous Headache, Sloft
XSNSNVV' Headache, ' Lumbago, Sea -Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability,
sNNNnnSS Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
$$ooocis ' "I am very grateful that I have found such a perfect remedy
SSSSSScs f° r headache. J had a sunstroke while in the army, and ever
\vsSSSSS since have suffered treaty from headache and biliousness. The
sSSSSSsSN only thin; that ever gave ma any relief is Dr. Miles' An tl- Pain
SSxsSSS^ Pills, which I have oied/wlth satisfactory results for a number
sNN$$S$N of ycars."—M. S. BAJLLAPJD. 9S CatUsa Ave.. Pasadena. Calif.
5§SSnSS§ - "I have frequently used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain' PUls for Nen-
vSSSjSSsS raljrla, and they invariably give speedy relief. AI30 in traveling.
ccvsxsxvv am never without th,em ta prevent drowsiness and headache."—
Ss$$§CCS E. L. SANFORD. Mfr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
$c$$$$SS "Two yean ago I had a severe attack of La Grippe, and was
XSSSSSSS under the doctor's care for Qve days without any relief. Then I
SSSSSSSS bought a box of Dr. Miles* Antl-JPaJn Pills, and five Pain. Pills
CCsSSXNSS C cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks
( JKSSSS^nSS^N to the PaJn PUls I was *oon curwd. taking only threo of the
rV^YWm >lN v- a pins .._ JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. ttl#nd*le. Ore.
SSXSSNS^ Sleeplessness.
§$$$$$^ "Once, and often twice a week, for years I have J*ad speCs
• .- «f anil heaw oains across the forehead acrrompaniea w»tn
§^§S: pljns in hea^ ara^nnhoildera. 1 , nndDr • Hilejv AnU-Pata
$$$$$$$$ PilU vctv beneficial, one tablet usually belng-jrafflclent to stop
N$$$$$$; the paS:"— MRS. LfeONA. ELDER, WheatUnd. Calif.
N$$NSS^ "T could not get along without Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills.
$$$$$$$$ Thev «1ve *»• afaost liistant relief from almost , any pain.
jBmJiMMbSNbm1 or money refunded.
The Genoine Dr. Miles* Remedies are never sold at Cat Prices.
AMUSEMENTS. r^U%
« f £-* m fj * T% Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR stks r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. ANI> SUN.
"The Alcaiar Company is one of extraordi-
nary excellence."— Thos. CarrtU ta the Post.
"A Smile Twister and a Tear
Starter.**— Examiner.
A POOR 1*5*1
RELATION t!mes.
An Ideal performance, quaintly hnmoroua.
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. &. Sun.. 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The Romance of Russia,
A BOTAIi PSISOITEa.
• » First San Francisco Production. -
GENTRAl*!?
Market »t.. Near Eighth. Phone Sooth 633.
TO-NT.QHT— ALL THIS WE UK,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Ma«nlflc«nt Melodramatic Spectacle. •
THE COUNTERFEITERS!
On* of the Stupendous Successes of tha Amerl-
' - can Stage.
t Heart Interest! Exciting Plot! ThrlUlnz
Climaxes!
Abundant Comedy! Splendid Scenery!
Brilliant Cast!
DDM*TC Evenings 10o to 50a
rKlWCj Matinees .....10c. 13c, 25a
Monday. December 7th.
glW YOSg DAT BY DAT.
MATINEE TO-DAY. THURSDAY, DEC. 3.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; ChlU
dren. any cart except reserred. 10c * :v '"\
•MAGNETIC VAUDEVILLE!--
Hal Godfrey and Company; Agnes
Mahr; Clarice Vance; Joseph New*
. man and Orpheum Motion Pict-
ures, Showing the Poacher's Fight
With the Gamekeepers. Last:
Times of Annie Abbott; Armenia*
Tito Quartette; Bryant and Savill©,
and Searl and Violet Allen.
niih-Class Specialties Every After*
noon and Evening In the Theatre.
TO-2TIQHT— — —
GALA AMATEUR PBRFORMANCQ
Concluding with— —
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
HAMAD EYAS IJT TBS ZOO!
LOTS OF FtTN* IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
ADMISSION....... 10c | CHIU5REN 3d
When Phonlnx Ask, for "The Chute*."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
¦ - - ¦ - - i-._i _n -u-i.i . . — . -i — — f
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
EIGHT NFW SOLOISTS.
/Seats Now on Sale
"SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S
POPULAR PRICES - - - 25c, 50c and 75c
CONCERTS ALHAMBKA THEATER. :
SStSSS 0 *"- Next Sondaj Night
" — ~ Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Painrp dontt fail to
raiawy 8ee beautiful
4 COURT Lounging
A fill . roona, thi EMPIRE
I* 1 " 1 PARLOR, the
: r> - A PALM ROOM, the
Ilfflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR^ Kad the LA .
« O ± 1 DIES* WRITINQ
Hotels I room-. Perhaps you should not play poker,
but if you do we have the cards and
chips, loose or put up in elegant cases,
that will make the game'a pleasure. Also
plain and fancy dice, game counters.
tally cards, etc Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Tint race — Rtaaldo, Velma Clark,
Silver Flzs.
Second race— Otto Stifel, Sir Applebr,
Ananias.
. Third race— Saa XTicholaa, Oeaeimnes*.
Martinmas.
Fourth, race— Bncdduta. lUowaho, Oa>
lanthns.
. Fifth race— Bllifful. Anvil. Kitty
Kelly.
Sixth race — Olenarvcm, Oonatellator,
Meehanus.
FBOBABU: WISSEXS.
First race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
"tS?T U & Friend'"^ Stover) M
M7*Rlnaldo (Slskiyou Stable)..... » t
6300 'Sir Christopher (B. Schrelber) S.
0395 'Grand Saqhem (J. J. Moran) 87
6384 'Silver Flz* (G. <f^»> *i
6330 Achilles (McCabe ft Co.) ..^ 03
5384 'Velma Clark (J. J. McAlester) 91
6371 Augle (Capps A : Co i.)....... 1C4
B3G2 'Rose of May (Kirk A Co.)... ; 8.
4769 All About (Sanders &. Co.) j. Vi
Second rac« — Futurity course; two-year
°534a ilr^Appleby (T. G. Ferguson) 100
Stlmy (J. Cooper) 102
6387 Floriana Belle (Mrs. Miller) 8.
6370 Judge (M. J. Daly) ., 112
6301 Telephone (R. A. Smith) 100
5367 The Bugaboo (M. Epplnger) 100
5385 William Parrish (S. G. Morton A Co.). 97
.... Et Tu Brute (J. J. Moran) 99
5391 Bombardier (Jennings A Co.) 97
5400 Otto Stifel (B. Schrelber) 103
.6385 Ananias (J. F. Schorr)...'. 10C<
6356 The Jew (R. Wilson) 99
Third race— Six furlongs: all ages; purse:
417S Btillcho (Jennings & Co.) ..10T
5394 Martinmas (C. T. Henshall) 107
..... Allopath (Lemasney Bros.)* 110
5360 San Nicolas (Burns A Waterhouse)... 113
4523 Jarretlere d'Or (J. P. Atkin) 110
.... Pins (C. W. Chappelle) ..110
53G2 Rosle Ban (Dr. Leaner) 110
6360 Hellas (J. Creely) 107
6388 Gehelmness (B. Schrelber) 107
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olda and
up; selling: ¦
6384 'Egg Xogg (S. G. Morton A Co.). 95
6348 'Tamm ( W. P. Magrane A Co.) 95
6384 Buccleuth (B. I Schrelber). 106
6387 'Galanthua (Mrs. J. Coffey) 101
6390 Snark <D. S. Fountain) 101
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
on the stretch turn and looked to have
a possible chance.
Sixth race — One mllo and saventy yards';
three-year-olds and up; selling:
K5.S7 Meehanus <T. T. Rector) ..*.... 110
B.T33 'Olenarvon (W. Fisher) 90
5387 'Frank Wood* (Garden City Stable).. M>
6362 Constellator (Keatm? A Co.) 101
6371 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) 10O
'Apprentice allowance.
Discus (Johnson tt Dodson) lot
B32tt -Kitty Kelly (W. U Stanfleld) ICO
Fifth race — Seven furlonrs; three-year-old*
and us: selling:
5377 'Anvil (J. F. Strlte) 100
4676 Somencfi (A. Josephs) 102
K9S Quiet (H. E. Rowell) 10G
5390 Louis Wagner tMcAUlster & Co.) 101
5386 'Blissful <E. P. Smith) 103
5387 Cambaceres <V. Gilbert) 1OI
6401 Illowaho (W. H. Ketcheman) 1M
5372 Burdoc. (H. S. Parks) 101
44SO 'Myriad Dancer (D. M. Hanlon) 101
537S Gawalne <W. E. Cotton) lul
W74 G. W. Trahern (Kentucky Stable) 101
5387 Outburst (J. J. McAleater) 1C»
NEW YtfHK. Dec. 2.— A dispatch from
Munich, Bavaria, ' announces the .death ."of.
Joseph Mayer, .ex- Burgomaster or Oberammer
rau, who was ; famous ; as the Impersonator of
Christ In the ."Passion Play" of: 1870" 1880
?nd 1890, • and who was the choir leader in
the performance ' In ; 1900. i '
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 2:— Louie Long of
Oakland . and Eddie Toy of Denver „ have
been matched Iby the Phoenix, Athletic
Club of this city tp box. twenty, rounds
at 130 pounds on the evening of the 12th
inst. Long, has arrived here' and has
already gone into training "at the Yuba
City Athletic Club. Toy will' arrive the
latter part of . the week and will finish
his work at Turn Hall. . :
Long to Box Toy in Marysville.
NEWBURGH, N. Y.. Dec. 2.— Joshua
Wardj the old-time champion 'oarsman,
died at his home in Cornwall-on-the-
Hudson to-day of pneumonia. * In' 1859
Ward won the sculling championship of
Staten Island, rowing five miles ' in 37
minutes 10 seconds. He held the cham
pionship, defeating all. /comers, until
1864; when he was defeated by ' James
Hamlll on the Schuylkill.
Noted Old-Time Oarsman Dies.
Judge James Cole of Kansas City
exploded a bombshell at the dog show
in Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday af
ternoon in the first class which came
onder his official notice.
St. Bernards headed the list and the
two old rivals,' Le King and Dewey,
the latter also being known as Lester
C, met in the judging ring. For three
yeans Dewey has swept every thing be
fore him, winning 'first and specials at
all the prominent shows under Judges
Mortimer and Roper. The big dogs
were paraded yesterday before Judge
Cole and that • official Quickly took in
the strong and the weak points of the
old-time rivals. After deliberating for
a moment he awarded the blue rib
bon to Le King.
There was a round of applause for
the victor and then a buzz of con
versation as the fanciers discussed the
apparently unexpected award. It was
• conceded by the authorities "that Le
King was a better headed dog than
Dewey and that this more than off
set his deficiency of body. Le King
was shown In better condition than
toeretof ore, which materially aided
him In defeating his rival, which has
three victories over him to his credit.
Le King beat Dewey at the. Tanforan
show when Harry .Lacy judged.
The dogs benched at the Pavilion
make a compact, interesting show. The
best known breeds are all represented,
and some splendid individuals are
benched. There are some rare^English
Betters, with a number of sporty., point
ers which show class in a marked 'de
gree. There are enough bulldogs,- with
their ' beautifully homely faces, to en-
Barred Plymouth Rocks;: Cocks— First, S.
M. Butler; second, A. J. Schmlttgen, Sacra
mento; third, S. M. Butler; fourth, W. H.
Arps; fifth, F. 8. Low & Co., Petaluma. Hens
— First. A. J. Schmlttgen; second, S. M, But
ler; third." A. J., Schmlttgen; fourth, Willis
8. Rose, Antioch; fifth, S. M. Butler.
White Plymouth Rocks: Cocks — First. C.
G. Hinds & Co., ' Alameda: second,' B. ' K.
Healy, Alameda: third, S. M. Butler, . San
Bernardino, lle-ns — First, 8. M. Butler; sec
ond, C. G. Hinds & Co.; third, fourth and
fifth, E. K. Healy. Cockerels — First and sec
ond, S. M. Butler: third, CO. Hinds & Co.;
fourth and fifth, Frank Robertaon, Alameda,
Pullets— First, S. M. Butler; second and third,
C. G. Hinds & Co.; fourth, Frank Robertson;
fifth, S. M. .Butler.
Brown Leghorns: Cocks— First, Williams
Bros., Fruttvale; second, Coffey Bros., Sacra
mento; third and fourth, Williams Bros.,
Fniltvale; fifth, W. H. Arps, Santa Cruz.
Hens — First, second and third. Williams Bros.;
fourth. W. H. Arps: fifth, H. C. Boniface,
Bouldln Island. Cockerels — First, Williams
Bros.; second, Coffey Bros.; third, W. H. Arps;
fourth. Coffey Bros.; fifth, Williams Bros.
Pullets — First and second, Williams Bros.;
third, W. H. Arp«; fourth and fifth. Williams
Bros. Pens — First and second, Williams Bros.;
third. Vf. H. Aros.
Buff" Cochin: Cocks— Second, Harry Mcln
tyre. Ban Diego. Cockerels — First, Harry Mc-
Intyre; second,' D. A. Robertson, San Joee.
Hens — First and eecond, D. A. Robertson. Pul
let* — First, Harry Mclntyre; second and third,
D. A. Robertson. . Pen — First, Santa Teresa
Poultry Yards, Edenvale. ,
Buff Leghorn: Cocks — First, Mrs. A. H.
Atkinson, Petaluma: • second and third, J. F.
Saramento. San Leandro. Cockerels — First,
Gene M. Simpson, Coryallis, Or.; second, Mrs.
C. M. Harleson. San Francisco; third, Mrs.
P. II. Atkinson: fourth. Gene M. Simpson;
fiftn, J. F. Saramento. Hens— First, second
and third, Mrs. P. H. Atkinson; fourth and
fifth, Lundrren Bros., Kingsburg. Pullets —
First, O. M. Simpson; eecond, Lundgren Bros.;
third and fourth, Mrs. P. H. Atkinson: fifth,
J. J. Trumern, Gilroy. Pen — First, Mn. P.
H. Atkinson. . ' " '
POXTLTRY SHOW AWARDS.
Great Danes: Puppy bitches — First, Dresser
& Simpson's Lana; second. F. Mundt's Fred
erick the Great. Open, dogs — First, Dresser
& Simpson's Alphonse; second, Mrs. I-. S.
Adams' Rupert ot Hentz&u. Limit, bitches—
Flrat, Dresser & Simpson'* Tempest. Open,
bitches — First, Dresser & Simpson's Flora.
Winners, dogs— First. Dresser & Simpson's
Alphonse. Rsjen'e^-Mn. U 3. Adams' Rupert
of Hentzau. Winners, bitches— First, Dresser
4c Simpson's Lana. j Reserve — Dresser" &
Simpson's Flora. J
Englewood: second, F. E. TVatkln*' Bonnybred
Btiletto. Novice, bitches— First, Joe East
land's Naughty Nan: setond, E. S. Simpson's
Woedcote Ditto; third, H. M. Daggett's Nelfan.
Limit, bitches, 80 pounds and under— First,
Mr. Kahltr's Queen. Limit, bitches, over 30
pounds — First, Mrs. Van Arsdell's Our Nancy;
second, E. S. Simpson' f Woodcote Ditto; third,
Dresser & Simpson's Blpomsbury Queen. Open,
bitches, 30 pounds or tinder — First. S. R.
Ames' Woodlawn Modesty. Winners, bitches —
First, S. Rjt Ames' Woodlawn Modesty. Re
serve — Joe Rastland's Naughty Nan. J
Fox Terriers: Novice, dogrs — First. H. V.
Hamilton's Gaston Rally; second, Mrs. Mon
tague's Boh; third. U H. Patty's Dandy Dan
dyllon. Puppy bitches — First, John Bradshaw's
Woodlawn Dotty Dimple; second, Mrs. Ida L.
Moulton's Dotty. Novice, . bitches— First, J.
C Barrttt's Corlne. Open, bitches— First, W.
W, Moore's Vina Belle; second, J. C. Bar
rett's Corine. Winners, bitches — First. W. W.
Moore's Vina Belle. Reserve — John Brad
shaw's Woodlawn Dotty Dimple. Winners.
dog!»— First, H. V. Hamilton's Gaston Rally.
Rrserve — Mrs. Montague's Bob. .
Wire Hair Fox Terriers: Puppy bitches —
First, John Bradshaw'g Woodlawn Dolly
Vardon. Puppy dogs — Second, Mrs. Ida Moul
ton's Humberstone Banjo.
St. Bernards (R. C): Novice, doss— First,
Mrs. Le« Sickles* Pride B. Open, dogs First,
W. W. Wallace's Le King; second, Charles
Newman' b- Dewey. Winners, doge — First, W
"W. Wallace's Le King. Reserve — Charlei
Newman* b Dewey.
St. Bernards (R. C.) : . Novice, bitches— First,
Mrs. F. Lueck'e Cascade; second, Jean ]>
Vau's B«auty. Open, bitches — First. Mrs. C
A. Smart's Princess Shrherazade. 'Winners,'
bitches — Flrtt. Mrs. Smart's Princess Sheher
azade. Reserve — Mrs. Lueck's Cascade.
Bull Terriers: Puppy dogs — First, Gen«
Eheehy'i Rugby; eecond, Mrs. Kelly's The
Mick. Novice, dors — First, W. C. Bogen's
Englewood: second Mrs. Kelly's The Mick 1
third, withheld. Limit, dogs — First, W. C.'
Bogen's Kcglewood; eecond, F. E. Watkins'
Bonnybred Stiletto. Open,- dogs, over
85 pounds — First. F. B. watklns* Bonnybred
Stiletto. Winners. . dogs— First. . W. C. Bogen's
The chickens, ducks and pigeons are
a source of continual delight to the
visitors, who find unexpected beauties
in the ordinary poultry-yard fowl. The
Incubators are always surrounded by
an interested group. They are bring
ing out BOO chicks a day with the loss
of but few fledgelings.
The cat show, under the patronage
of the San Francisco Cat Club, will
open to-day. As there is a marked
antipathy shown cats in general by the
terriers and Great Danes, the tabbies
will be exhibited In the art gallery of
the Pavilion, away from all harm.
This exhibition is expected to prove
one of the most Interesting ever held
here, many famous beauties of the cat
family being entered. Admission to the
art gallery will be through the main
pavilion.
Th^ complete list of awards up to
the present time follows:
DOG SHOW AWARDS.
The attendance was large throughout
the day. In the evening, society graced
the affair, and ladles In dainty gowns
went from place to place, inspecting
some favorite breed of > dogs or the
poultry.
. Chief interest in to-day's Judging
centers about the collies- and cockers,
the best two classes in the show. They
are the strongest numerically and also
in quality.
The Judging for specials will com
mence to-morrow. There are a. large
number of these prizes, and spirited
competition is expected.
gage the attention of the visitors.
There are also come good Boston ter
riers.
Final Match for Golf Trophy Be
tween Miss Chesebroug-h and Mrs.
Miller Takes Place To-Day.
The second and seml-flnal round of the
competition for the Council's Cup for
women of the San Francisco Golf Club
was played yesterday morning on the
links ;on the Presidio reservation. Miss
Chesebrough won from Mrs. Leroy Nick
el and Mrs. E. S. Miller, after tying with
Mrs. J. R. Clark on eighteen holes, beat-
Ing her one up at the nineteenth hole.
Mrs. Clark took the first four holes of
the match, but Mrs. Miller wiped off her
opponent's lead and came out a winner.
Mrs. Leroy Nickel was three down on
the first nine holes and gave up the
match to her opponent. This morning
the final round will be played between
Mrs. E. S. Miller and Miss Chesebrough.
Whoever wins, a new name will be en
graved on the trophy, on which the only
names at present inscribed are those of
Mrs. R. G. Brown and Mrs. J. R. Clark.
In the afternoon mixed foursomes,
over eighteen holes, match play, took
place, on the Presidio course. Miss Drum
and R. J. Woods beat Mrs. Leroy Nickel
and R. D. GirvJn, two up and one to play.
Miss Alice Hoffman and J. W. Byrne
after tying with Miss Alice Hager and
H. M. Hoyt. beat them one up on nine
teen holes. It is probable that other
couples will enter the "contest. '
LEARNED HISTORIAN GIVES
AN INTERESTING LECTURE
Professor H. Morse Stephens of State
University Speaks on the French
Revolution.
Professor H. Morse Stephens of the
University of California gave the fifth
of a series of six Interesting lectures
on the "French Revolution" in the art
gallery of the Mechanics'" Pavilion last
evening.
The subject of last night's lecture was
"Brissot, the Politician Who Brought
About the Foreign War." The lecture
was an extremely Interesting one and
was largely attended. •
Professor Stephens' next lecture will
be ; "Vergniaud. the Orator of the Girpn
dins." After delivering this, the histo
rian will leave for Pasadena, where he
will deliver a series of lectures in the
Hotel Green. . '
AGREES TO PAY PORTION
OF RECEIPTS TO THE CITY
President Platt of Geary-Street Rail
way Company Slakes Promise
to Supervisors.
Horace G. Platt, president of the
Geary-street Railway Company, ap
peared before the Board of Supervisors
yesterday and agreed to pay to the city
6 per cent of the gross receipts of the
road pending the grant of a new fran
chise for the line.
In view of the fact that the City At
torney had ruled that the board had no
power to pass a resolution allowing the
road to operate without interference,
Platt was sent for and agreed, to the
ruling of the committee that his promise
to pay a percentage of the receipts,, as
the charter provides, gave no franchise
rights to the corporation. .
There were so many interesting things
in connection with the sport at Oakland
track yesterday that* it is difficult to
pick out any one feature that over
shadowed ¦ the others. In defeating
Hagerdon and Sad Sam the Jennings
crack Shotgun stepped five furlongs in
59% seconds — within a quarter of a sec
ond of the track record. /
. Cascine kept behind him in the two
year-old scramble Otto Stifel, Don
Domo and . Bearcatcher, winning in a
gallop. The start was somewhat ragged
and the latter colt behaved so ungentle
manly that he was left.
The handicap, at 'a mile, was one of
the prettiest contests of the season, re
sulting in a victory for Fossil, due
greatly to the splendid riding of Ad
kins. v
In the concluding event the finish was
sensational, seven horses passing the
judges noses and heads apart. The de
cision went to* The Fretter, which low
ered the coast record for one mile and
three-sixteenths to 2:01^4, the old mark
being 2:02.
The weather was warm and balmy,
the track in excellent condition and the
attendance large. Favorites just -held
their own, splitting the card with long
er priced "horses.
TROUBLE AT THE POST.
Much disappointment was expressed
over the result of the two-year-old
scramble, at five and a half furlongs.
Not that Cascine was not entitled to all
the laurels won, but because of the un
toward circumstances which prevented
Don Domo and Bearcatcher from being
more prominent. Garnet Ferguson's big
brown colt did everything he should
not have done at the post, and was
finally left. Just as the barrier was re
leased Don Domo swerved to the in
side, losing several lengths and ruining
his prospects. Adkins then toyed along
with the favorite, Cascine, winning
about as he saw fit from Otto Stifel.
Don Domo was third.
When he met Shotgun in the five
furlong dash Sad Sam plainly showed
that he felt as uncertain of his social
position as a tramp would feel in being
introduced to the President at a White
House reception. Still the gentlemen
from the "bush" region's who use a cur
rycomb^ for a hair brush and flowing
whiskers for a white shirt decoy strung
theirs on Sad Sam. / This* enabled the
Easterners to get even money about
Shotgun. The favorite led from the
start,' first brushing off Sad Sam, and
then finishing out a cheerful winner
from the Hard ridden Hagerdon.
FOSSIL WELL HANDLED.
An evenly balanced- field of nine
started in the mile handicap. Bean
Ormonde opened favorite at 3, and
his price remained firm at that fig
ure. Claude was asked to carry 120
pounds and fell in for his share of
Bupport at 6 to 1. Divina looked nice
ly in with 108, and closed second
choice. Contrary to custom, the top
weights, Claude, Albula and the fa
vorite, cut out the early running, the
first named lasting longest at the
game. Adkins waited with Fossil un
til thei stretch was reached, when he
skimmed through on # the rail and at
the wire beat Divina with apparent
ease in 1:40%. The latter mare had
a. most uneven voyage, for she came
with a late rush, just nosing- out
Claude for place honors. \ Eonic never
looked dangerous.
, Two or three members of the tfh.m
boo brigade had Laureatea for a good
thing in the first number. At 7 to 1
the mare suddenly blossomed as a
front runner, getting home a handy
winner over Alice Carey, the favorite.
Bee Rosewater ran third.
D. Hall rode a determined sort of
race on Rollick, favorite for the six
furlong selling affair, and in a drive
downed Quiet a head. The Don re
ceived stanch support and with more
racing' luck might have won.
Not in many moons has such a fin
ish been witnessed as the closing mile
and three-sixteenths race furnished. In
the run to the wire the pacemakers,
The Fretter, Illowaho and Grail, were
closed in on, and strung across the
track seven horses crossed the • wire
with only noses and heads separating
them. The Fretter, ridden by Kunz,
carried the verdict, with Dodie S sec
ond and Grail third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Jockey Adams is here with a super
fluous supply of junk and a good rec
ord-in the saddle, made on the East
ern tracks. Adams was in the em
ploy of Harry Stover last winter.
Ed Jasper, racing secretary of
Worth track, and who will act In a
like . capacity at Ascot Park, Los An
geles, is busy at the track every day,
hustling up stake entries for the
southern' meeting.
Jockey "Mack" Coburn will arrive
here from New York within a few
days. Under the terms of .his rein
statement a year ago he will not be
permitted to ' accept any mounts on
the California Jockey Club tracks.
R. King, who rode Quiet, -'was giv
en the balance of the week on the
ground for rough riding.
i .Adklns rode in far better form yes
terday, piloting three winners. He
should cut : out such tactics, though^
ashe<used when riding Cascine.
Rollick,, winner" of the third race,
was bid up from $400 to $1000 by Dr.
Rowell, owner of Quiet. Later the
doctor claimed The Don for '$725.
..Another starter in' the third event,
Albemarle,' was- claimed for '$725 by
E. Tierhey, owner.'of Quatre. , .
The - yearlings from Antrim stock
farm will be sold next Monday, even
ing at the Occidental j Horse; Exchange.
. Old holds the Oakland
track record of 59 % seconds for five
furlongs. '^ij^^^^flBfarMj
Dick Dwyer sent the field away In
the handicap to a pretty starts
: , If Garnet Ferguson. does not school
Bearcatcher. 1 he will have a bad actor
on his hands.
.Solon was close up w'ith the leaders
Colored Soldier's Court-Martlal.
Private Clark Magee, the colored
soldier, who assaulted Lieutenant Ed
ger at the general hospital of the Pre
sidio, will be tried by a general 'court^
martial at the post to-dayl Magee
has • made a full confession of his | in
.tent to kill the officer and shortly after
the attack he expressed his disappoint
ment at not having succeeded. Magee
has secured the services of Attorney
Walter , Gallagher, who will defend
him. There seems to be but one.loop
hole through which the soldier ; can
escape" and that is a plea of Insanity.
Should the man fail to prove that he
was insane at the "* time ', of the assault
it will go hard with him, as the crime
with .which he Is charged is one'of the
most' serious^ in the penal calendar 1 of
the army. *
:. In i New -York C.lty schools 1000 .'children
have trachoma. .... . ¦ : .-¦ '- . .•¦.- >
LADIES PLAY SEMI-FINAL
ROUND FOR COUNCIL'S CUP
FAMOUS ST. BERNARD WHICH PROVIDED THE SURPRISE OF THE DOG
SHOW YESTERDAY. WINNING THE MUCH-COVETED BLUE RIBBON
OVER DEWEY, WHICH HAS W r ON EVERYTHING FOR THREE YEARS.
OAKLAND BACETBACX— WEDNESDAY. Dec. 2. Weather fine. Track fast.
030G. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling;' 3-year-olds and up; value to flrst.«$325.
Index Hone and Owner. JWtJSt. %. %I %. 6tr. Fin. I Jockey. T~Ojk CL
5304 Laurfatea, a (J. Pelter) ]lOi) 4 ... 1 2^1 1%1 Vi 1 H ! Adklns 6 7
KISO Alice Carey, 3 (McNaughton). N) 5 ... 3h 21 5 1|,2 4 |R»>ed . 5-2 2
5316 Bee Rosewater. 3 (Nichols). . 100 8 ... » n 4h 42 3n IChandler ' 15 SO
5300 Madam Bishop, a (J. Strlte). 107 6 ... 5 h 7 % « n 4 l^fj. Lewis.. . • 10 40
(4647) Puss In Boots, 3 (Josephs).. l«t 10 ... 6 n 9 .n 8 hi 5 2 IBlrkenruth 6 5
KMSO Oro Viva, 3 (Ward & King).. 02 » ... 7 9i 5 H 2 m« n iW. Daly 4> e
KIK0 Cherries, 5 (Tate & Co.) 104 7 ... 10 %10 V-,\0 2 7 1 J. Martin.. 10 23
5301 Sir Christopher, a (Schrelber) 105 1 ... 4 4 t". > 3 0 1 8 2 D. Hall ft 12
M.12 Piratical, « (Primero Stable). 91 12 ... 12 8 n 3 1 0 }» J. Booker.. 15 12
46.74 Cathello. 4 (Clayton & Co.).. 104 3 ... 8 n 11 1 11 3 30 2 Haaclc 20 BO
M4S Battdor, 3 (W. P. Fine) 04 2 ... 2 «i S }j 7 h 11 4 Kunz 10 50
6327 Gibraltar, a (McKenile) 100111 11 I 12 12 12 |W. Narvarz; ft 10
Time — :24V,, :4S>4. 1:14%: At post 1V4 minutes. Off at 2:13ii. Laureatea. place. *-2;
show, U-5. Alice, place, 4-5; show, 2-5. Bee, show, 6. Winner, b. m. by Laureate-
Garopa. Trained by J. Pelter. Start g\x>d. Won handily. Next three driving. Laurea
tea finally got an alarm clock that made enough noUe. Alice Carey ridden wide.
Puss in Boots may do better next time. Oro Viva quit. Gibraltar figured to set away
poorly. -^ .
O3O7. SECOND RACE! — Five furlowts; purse; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first. $325.
Index] Horde and Owner. WtlSt. u" Vt- . %. Str. Fin. J Jockey. I Op. cH
(5375) Shotgun. 3 (W. B. Jennings). 107j 3 ... 1 *& 1 K 1 1%1 Hi|J- Martin.. 7-10 1
53S2 Hagerdon, a (H. L. Frank)... 104 1 ... 2 n 3 2 3 1^2 2 IBlrkenruth 5 0-2
5375 Sad Sam. 6 (H. Green) 106 4 ... 3 1^2 1^2 n 3 2 Adklns .... 2 11-5
(5304) Nervator. 3 (Boots & H.) 107 2 ... 42 43 44 47 Larsen 30 fiO
53S0 jWaterpower 4 (H Stover). .1110 6 ... 5 2 5 4 5 5 5 ST See :«» 10O
Revolt. 3 (Kentucky Stable).. |101 7 ... 7 7 7 6 5 Chandler ..I 10O 200
3ft70 Sir T. Tiddler. 4 (M. J. Daly)|U>9 5 ... « 4 « 6 B 2 7 |J. Daly..'. -I HX> 400
Time — :22^, :i~\i, :5O»4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:40Vj; Shotgun, placs 1-4; out.
show. Hagerdon. place, 4-3; show. 3-10. Sam, out, show. Winnea. b. c. by Artillery-
Princess Noretta. Trained by W. B. Jennlnsra. Start poor. Won easily. Second
driving. Third stopping. Shotgun made Sad Sam weary-eyed- Adkins tried rating the
latter. Hagerdon well ridden. Others outclassed.
r»:::».N. THIPfD RAOE — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up: value to first. $323.
Index I Horse and Owner. [WtJSt. % . %. %. Str. Fin. ) Jockey. I Op. CU
6.192 iRolllck. 5 (M. Jones) 1103 1 ... 1 h 1 h 2 H 1 h |D. Hall 8-5 8-5
.TOO Quiet. 4 (H. E. Rowell) ...... 108 8 ... 4 1 2 I'M n 2 n K. King 10. 1*
(5302) Loyal S, 5 (V. Gilbert) 112 10 ... 9h 8n 5 >4 « li, Otis 10 12
B3C8 lAlbemarle. 3 (Moshier & Co.). KM 2 ... 2 h 3 2 3 n 4 h J. Booker.. 6 1O
KKW The Den. 3 (Mrs. Miller).... OT 7 ... 10 2 l» 3 82 5h L. JaefcSson. 4 , - .- 3
."«77 ICaneJo. 6 (G. B. Morris) 104 0 ... 7 H " Vi T 2 « 2 Adklns 20 20
5:iS« |Quatre. 3 (E. Tlernej) 103 5 ... 6 1 « 2 9 3 7 2 Blrkenruth 1O 12
ftJC* Alta G, a (Mrs. Hertzell) 101 3 ... 3 h 5 1 6 n S 2 J. Lewis... 2» 30
535fi Step Around. 8 (F. Devin) 109 6 ... 5 2^4 4 9 « iHaack »? in
4545 Hlpponax. H (P. G. Lane) 104 11 ... 11 It fi 10 2 10 5 IHcnderson . 10 «0
(442C) I^apldus, 4 (M. J. Daly) 1071 4 ... 8 %10 2 11 « 11 3 IW. Daly... 15 20
Lurene. 4 (W. Pritchard) 102-12 ...12 12 12 12 jJ. Martin.. 20 oO
Time — :24>>,. :4S S ». 1:14V4. At post. 5Vi minutes. Oft at 3:0SH. Rollick, place. 3-5; show.
1-3. Quiet, place, 6; «how, 3. Loyal S. show, 2. Wnner. ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy
Maiden. Trained by H. Pierce. Start good. AVon In a hard drive of six. Rollick re
ceived a powerful ride. Qu'.et should have won. There were large doings about Loyal 3
and away better he might have won. Alb*marle is a "mudder." Away better The Don
would unquestionably have won.
53!ll). FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap; all ages; value to first. $000.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. *i • %• %• Str. Fin. [ Jockey. | Op. CL
B3CT Fossil. 3 (Parker & Co.) lttrj 4 5 1 3 h 1^1 H41 lU'Adktns 4 8
53«9 JDlvina. 4 (I*r1mero Stable) 10S 8 « h « n « .T 5 3 2 ns |L. Jackson. 4 13-5
(536JJ) Claude. 3 (M. J. Daly) 120 I 2ii2h 2 % 2 H 3 2^U. Daly « 6
5,1k: |Albu:a. 5 (Lamasney Bros.) 112j 1 3 2^1 «4 8.1K3 2 4 lyjFoley 8 10
53St> Beau Ormonde, (i (Kripp) 112| 2 1 * 4 4 144 1^4 1^5 2 Birkenruth 3 3
5345 Eonic. 5 (C. Young) 105 5 4 =U 5 Ii 5 3 n fin « n (Chandler .. 9 12
4505 Leader, 3 (W. Jennings) 10T| 8 7 2 1 '-" 2 8 >4 7 :s 7 7 [J. Martin.. T 10
538U Ink 3 (Lamasney Bros.) 97) 8 9 » 9 8^84 Kur.z | • . . •
5304 Solon. 6 (G. Webb) 108| 0 8 h 8 h 7 l^i) » jWaterbury |» 10 r,0
Time — :2C. :50, 1:15. l:40Vi. At post IVi minutes. Off at 3:32'4. Fossil, place. 2:"show. 4-5.
Divina, place. 8-5; *how. 4-5. Claude, show. 1. Winner, br. g. by Fresno- Fa Irystone.
Trained by A. B. Pomeroy. Scratched — Ishtar. Start perfect. Won easily. Next two
driving hard. Singularly enough, the top weights went out and made the running. Fos
sil perfectly handled. He only had to run the last quarter. As well ridden Divina would
have won -without effort. Ormonde does not appear to be at hi3 best. Eonic ran poorly.
Solon was "Waterburled." He ran a good race at that. 'Coupled with Albula.
040O. FIFTH RACE^ — Five and a half furlongs; purse: 2-year-olds; value to first. $323.
Index j Horse and Owner. ; IWt'.St. >*~. W. H. Scr. Fin. | Jockey. { Op. CU
(6.T797fCasclne (Burns & Waterhouse) 113 1 ... 2 1^3 4 2 4 1 I^lAdWns .... S-5 8^5
5373 Otto Stelfel (B. Schrelber) 105 2 ... 12 1^1 1V42 2 -JD. Hall . 8 10
5343 Don Domo (J. F. Newman)... 115 4 ... 3 1^2 1 3 1^3 7 iFerrell .... 2' 2'
Dargln (B. Schrelber) 105 8 ... 5n 4 2^4 2 4 5 |J. Booker... • •
' . . Lady Fonse (G. Lanka) 102 3.. 4 h .'. n 5 .'. .". U Anderson .. ICO ICO
5373 Moalto (Bianchl & Co.)...... 1031 7 .. 7 6 7 5 7 10 « It) Blrkenr'th. 100 ICO
Mabel Clare (Rowe & Co.f... 1021 5 ... 6 4 6 H 7 8 7 8 |L. Jackson. 100 110
Col Mazuma (R. Wilson) 102| 8 ... 8 8 8 8 JR. Wilson.. 60 10O
5379 Bea'rcatcher (Ferguson) ... 115| Left | J. Martin. . . 3 4
Time :24Vi 4SH. 1:07. At post 7<-i min; . Off at 4:C5Vi- Casclne. place. 1-2; out show.
Otto, place 2; show 4-5. Don. show, _ .>. Winner, cb. c. by Colonel Wheeler- Early
Rose. Trained by C. T. Patterson. Scratched— The BuRaboo. Floriana Belle. Start bad.
Won in a gallop. Second driving. Third stopping badly. Casclne had all the luck at
the start. Don Domo was swerving as the barrier was sprung. He was later bothered
In the stretch.. Bearcatcher acted very badly at the post. Dargin will do In cheaper
company. »Coupled with _Otto_ Stelfel. „„„„„„„„„„„„„„„„„ ':>_'
&4O1. SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenths miles; selling; 3-yr.-olds & up; to first. $323.
Index) Horse and Owner. iWtlSt. Vi • *T %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. i t Op. ex
M48~lThe Fretter. a (O 1 Rourke) . . . . 95 2 3 2U2 1'42 H 1 us jKuns 3 4
-5.147 Dodle S 4 (S. G. Morton).... 92 7 73 5n 6n 4n.2ns|J. Booker.. « 7
M(S) Grail 4 (C. Young) 101 1 In 3n 4 IP H3h IChandler... 7-5 8-3
532S Position. 6 (C. A. Durfee) 101 6 9 T Hji 6 7 5 4 h Henderson . 10 12
C3S1 RoVarle. 4 (Chappelle) 92 8 4h 4 4 JWMfSh J. Lewis .. « H
5387 Expedient. 6 (P. E. Smith)... 100 4 C % « % 5 1^6 n « n Foley ; V>
B3S1 Illowaho 4 (H. Stover)-...... 95 9 2n In In 21 75 ICrosswalte 8 12
5305 iThe Ledkean. 4 (B. & H.).... 99 3 5 1*8 10 8 20 8 15 8 10 lLarsen .... 30 6O
KIS.'TlRto. Shannon. 6 (Mrs. CofTey). 955889 9 'J 9 IReed 20 «>
Time— -"5 # 50U 1:15H. 1:42. '2:01V*. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:27H- Fretter, place,
8-5- show 4-5. Dodle. place. 5-2; show. «-5. Grail show. 1-3. Winner, ch. h. by Brutus-
Nerva Trained by A. C. Rldey. - Scratched — Burdock, Buccleuth. Start good. Won In
a hard' drive of mXx.' A toss-up at the end. Too much early use was made of Grail. Po
sltlon finished strongest. Rosarte weakened. Expedient Is In good^shape now.
Fourth race^ the Bennlngs special, mile
and a half— Tribes Hill won. Trepany second,
Colonsay third. Time, 2:43 3-5.
Fifth race, handicap, two-year-olds and up.
one mile— Alforten won. Souriere aecond.
Young Henry third. Time, 1:42 1-5.
t»ij race, one mile and a furlong — Rough
ft., I r?? on - *>ramatlet second. Court Maid
third. Time, 1 :59 2-5
First race, high weight handicap, six fur
longe, selling— Gold Dome won. Reveille sec
ond, Andrattus third. Time, 1:15 2-5.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, fire fur
longs — Lady Mirthful won. Huepola second,
Cantaloupe third. Time. 1:02 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Castalian won,
1 -V? - ? ane ** cond ' Cloten third. Time,
• Sixth ' race, ' one mile, selling— Bob Hilllard
w «*oK Ia L "econd. Exapo third. Time.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2. — Bennings sum
mary:
Fourth race, handicap, mile and seventy
yards— Laura Lighter won, Witful second.
Ancke third. Time. 1:47 4-3.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Big Ben won. New
7° r . k , second. Aggie Lewjs third. Time.
l:lo 1-5. .
_Second race, one mile, selling— Mouser won,
%£5 T C0R(i ' Sarah Maxim third. Time. 1 :40.
Third race, elx furlongs— Rainland won, Ex
clamation second. Lady Free Knight third.
X liilCf 1. * 1 o.
First race five furlongs, ' Belling — Morning
lime *l°O3 26°"* ' 8econd> ' rros3achs b^A.
NEW, ORLEANS, Dec. 2.— Riley
Grannan, who is said to be on his feet
again, has opened a poolroom here in
connection with George Boles, Parson
Davies and Benny Falk. The poolroom
Is operated above Crescent Hall, and
to-day Grannan Btarted a poolroom
war. There are six rooms operated here
by local people and an agreement has
existed for years not to "hunch" odds.
Grannan refused |o enter into this
agreement and to-day began boosting
prices. The horses which won at even
money were raised to 3 and 4 to 1. Play
was heavy and both sides claim they
will fight it out. The local people claim
Grannan is an interloper, while Gran
nan says he will either put them out
of business or go broke. Summary of
the races:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Track Odds Are Hunched
Until Even Money Be
comes Four to One.
Riley Grannan Stirs Up
Betting Men in
the South.
POOLROOM WAR
IN NEW ORLEANS
POULTRY AND DOG SHOW ATTRACTS THOUSANDS TO THE PAVILION
ST. BERNARD LE KING IS SENSATION
OF FIRST DAY'S WORK IN THE RING
Judge James Cole of Kansas City Places Him Over Charles Newman s Dewey
in the Open and Winners Classes, the First Defeat Sustained by
the Latter in Three Years-Cats Will Be Placed on Exhibition To-Day
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALIi^yTHURSDAY, "DECEMBER. 3,: 1903.
The Fretter Is First in the Most Sensational Finish of the Meeting and at
the Same Time Lowers a Coast Record—Shot Gun Covers Five
Furlongs in Fast Time—Fossil Takes the Mile Handicap From Divina
BEARCATCHER BEHAVES UNGENTLEMANLY
AND CASCINE AGAIN GALLOPS HOME
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVKBTISEME3TTS.
Li E"*g^| Ha' H d£&\ mm
¦¦^^¦m ' ' ¦¦¦ Bin \ibjjy
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH •
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
- ADVEBTISEMEJJTS.
*^*r-* Is Not a Skin Disease*
Most people hare mn idea that rheumatism is contracted liko a cold, that the
damp, chilly air penetrates the muscles and joints and causes the terrible aches
and pains, or that it is something like a skin disease to be rubbed away with lini-
ment or drawn out with plasters; but Rhuematism originates in the blood and is
caused bj Urea, or Uric Acid, an irritating, corroding poison' that settles in mus-
cles, joints and neryes, producing inflammation and soreness and the sharp, cutting
pains peculiar to this distressing disease.
Exposure to bad weather or sudden - Bowline Green, Ky.
tack of Rheumatism after the blood and i e ea below the knee. I oould not raise my
system are in the right condition for it arm to comb my hair. Doctors prescribed
to develop, but hav© nothing to do with f «"" £' ".SFJ* t mon i h * w J t *. ou L* lT ' 1 '
the real %ne causes of Rlenmatism,
which are internal and not external. menced its use 1 felt better, and remarked
Liniments, plasters and rubbing to mother that I was eladl had at last found
will eometimei rWuco the inflaming SS&ffw&L 1 f«J.KS'
tion and swelling and ease the pain for interested in the success of S. S. 8. since
a time, but fail to relieve permanently « did mo so much good. - .;
because they do not reach the seat of m Uth Bt * JIK3 - ALICE HOBTON. \\
the trouble. S. S. S. cures Rheumatism because it attacks it in the blood, and
i — | - the Uric Acid poison is neutralized, the sluggish cir-
l*\-«n F\-^\ culation stimulated and quickened, and soon the sys-
\^^ \^^ tern is purified and cleansed, the aching; muscles and.
i^^l yr^fcl joints are relieved of all irritating matter and a lasting
C^*^y cure of this most painful diseasa effected. '
S. S. S. is a harmless vegetable remedy,- unequalled
as a blood purifier and an invigorating, pleasant tonic Book on Rheumatism will
be mailed free THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*Policeman Joseph Feid, 1 charged with
having • shot ; and killed ? his fathei^in
law, Fritz ~i Dirking, was before^Judge
Fritz, arid after some unimportant tes
timony], had' been taken the^ase went
over until next Monday," when the proar
ecution, .it t isf.sald, will introduce a
woman .who; heard - Feld threaten, on
the night of the killing, tb>t. ihe would
exterminate the entire Dif kiiig, -f amity".
. ' There was " no human kindness In
the milk case that occupied the great,
er~ part of Judge Conlan's : morning
session. Acerbity of manner and
speech marked the ft attitude of the
contestants and their respective coun
sel.
A. F. Green had complained that
James Muir was before Judge Cab
aniss on a charge of assaulting Police
man Murphy, who was escorting Mrs.
Muir, a professional fortune-teller,
from her chamber of mystery on Geary
street to her home. > < !
The woman testified that her hus
band left her about nine months ago
and went to Arizona, apparently caring
little how she might live while he was
away, and when he returned and found
her earning a livelihood by revealing
the. future for 10 cents per revelation
he wanted to resume marital.relation
ship, but she would have none of him.
As he appeared to be angry she got 1 he
policeman to protect' her,' and while she
was jwalking home under escort ' Muir
followed them until Murphy told him* to
let his wife alone. Then, . Mrs. -Muir
avers, her husband , struck "the police
man and the latter retaliated with. his
club "and arrested the cause ;qf her
trouble. /Before taking his prisoner to
Amelia Duncan, a 'colored virago,
will be given % full opportunity to state
to Judge Mogan her reasons for forci
bly? ejecting all the Inmates of a saloon
on Folsom street; between Frenjont
and Beaje, ¦-. last Tuesday night.' She
tried" tostate her 'case when she was
arraigned yesterday morning,' and had
got as far as. "Dey. crossed me, Jedge,"
when her, summary removal was \ or
dered. As she was • escorted from the
courtroom she vehemently hurled de
fiance at all her enemies, there present
and elsewhere."
Charles O'Brien, who picks other peo
ple's pockets for a livelihood when he
is out of jail, was held to the Superior
Court with ball fixed at $1000 by Judge
Mogan.
O'Brien's method of "dipping," as ex
plained to the court, was time-honored
and usually effective. With a couple of
confederates he would board a crowded
Btreet car and snatch a purse and make
good his escape while his pals obstruct
ed pursuit. He tried the, trick once too
often, however, on November 25, when
he slipped his hand into the pocket of
Nash B. Agiiayo on a . Kearny-street
car and was caught arid held by his In
tended victim before his accomplices
could Interfere. The outcry raised by
Agiiayo was so fierce that they were
lucky to escape arrest.
Head of the Foresters Coming Here.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2.— Supreme Chief
Ranger John F. Kelly .of the Foresters
of America will visit the Foresters'
courts in -California next January. Su
preme Chief Ranger Kelly writes that
he will leave Jersey City, N. J., his
home, on January 2, coming direct to
California.- Orders will be issued by
Grand Chief Ranger Gabriel to the.va
rious courts of the State to prepare a
suitable reception to their chief. Kelly
is Chtel of Police of Jersey City and
a Tammany politician.
Library Site Is Finally Selected.
" WOODLAND, "Dec. .2. — The Car
negie library, controversy has been
Settled by the selection of a site of
fered by .the Board ef City Trustees.
At a meeting at the Library Trustees
last night Dr. Prose, changed his vote
from the site selected by that body to
that offered by the ciiy. which gave
a majority for the. latter site.
Railroad Victim Is Identified.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 1. — The name of the
man who was run over and killed by
the Santa Cruz train near Alma yes
terday is Frank JobsL He was a ranch
hand and CO years of age. The inquest
held to-day failed to show why Jobst
was on the track. No \>lame was at
tached to the railroad company.
Grand Jury to Investigate' Gambling.
WOODLAND, Dec. 2.— The Grand
Jury for 1804 was drawn yesterday.
J. F. Kennedy was appointed chair
man, Hayes Goble secretary.' E. T.
Huston expert and C. A. Stevens assist
ant. It is reported that there. will be
a rigid Inquiry into the matter of al
leged illicit gambling at .Washington.
It would be a Rood Idea for some peo
ple to hold their tongues occasionally
and give their brains a chance to caf.cn
up. -^
"What on earth has broken loose
among the Mission boarders?" in
quired the court,
There was no reply, but the evi
dence in the case clearly < showed
what had broken loose in that Swiss
hotel. The inmates of the hostelry,
it appeared, were participating in a
birthday party and to inject some nov
elty into the entertainment Mr. Inder
bitzen offered to wrestle any man In
the house for drinks for the assem
blage. As the challenger was noted
for athletic prowess his invitation was
not accepted with any promptitude,
and then, to prove his superiority in
the art of catch-as-catch-can Mr. In
derbitzen grabbed an inoffensive mer
rymaker, nimbly tripped him up, vio
lently cast him down and then pro
ceeded to demonstrate the utility of a
half-Nelson lock. At this Juncture
Mr. Guertr interfered and Mr. Inder
bitzen . resented the intrusion by
springing to his feet, drawing a knife
and smiting Mr. Guertr's nose, break
ing a small bone of that organ.
. Mr. Guertr ha/1 his nose in court
with him and evidently carried the
sympathy of a large majority of the
witnesses, for most of them testified
In his behalf and solemnly declared
that the nose-breaking ended the fra
cas — that nobody attempted to mo
lest the assailant. As this preponder
ance of testimony failed to explain
how Mr. Inderbitzen received a badly
bruised eye and a deep' cut In . his
head, the case was taken under ad
visement until December E.
•"Where?" sharply inquired the
court, when his clerk read off the lo
cation of the scene of strife.
. "At 4322 Mission street," was re
peated.
Then came another apartment
house imbroglio to tax the patience
and gray matter of his Honor Mogan.
Joseph Inderbitzen was accused of
violently assaulting George Guertr In
a Swiss hotel at 4322 Mission street.
• SAN JOSE.. Dec. 2.— A trust deed
f;om the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to the- Union Trust -Company of
*£an -Francisco t6 secure a $23,000,000
bopd issue was. filed to-day in the Re
corder's offlpe. It is a voluminous doc
•ument covering fifty pages' of closely
printed matter, describing the property
of the .Spring, Valley Company about
the State/. The filing fee amounted to
T£25. The bonds were ordered issued at
a meeting of the. company on Novem
b«r 23. 1903. TKere sre 28,000. bonds of
the par value' of $1-000 each and they
are to bear 4 per -cent iriteresL The
trust deed will be filed in all the coun
ties where the Spring Valley 'Company
has property. . -
Spring Valley Files Trust Deed.
Roberts /was arrested Tuesday night
by Policeman Nelson on complaint of
an Intoxicated man who had given the
soldier $25\to keep for him temporarily,
and then found that he could not get
back the money. , While searching his
prisoner for the coin the policeman
found the club cunningly concealed in
his clothing where It could be instant
ly drawn. The charge against Private
Roberts Is carrying concealed weapons.
Police Judge Cabaniss tenderly dan
dled a' policeman's club and asked
James J. Roberts, a private infantry
man, what he meant by carrying such
an implement concealed on his person
when he came to town for recreation.
The prisoner said he had been held up
and robbed one night recently while in
specting the Barbary Coast and he had
equipped himself with the hickory
bludgeon to prevent a recurrence of
that incident. There was Incredulity
In the Judge's facial expression and
tone as he surveyed the son of Mars
with critical eye and remarked:
"Well, we'll let this case go over till
to-morrow, when^we may have found
something more about you."
Mining Congress to Meet at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 2. — Instead
of the executive committee of the
American Mining Congress meeting at
Salt Lake on December 7, .as first ar
ranged, it has been decided to meet
in this city three" days later. The
committee has been called together to
arrange for the seventh annual ses
sion of the congress, which Is to be
held here next year.
Steamer Queen City Is Safe.
NANAIMO. B. C., Dec. 2. — The
steamer Queen City, which left Vic
toria for the west coast last week and
whose non-arrival has been the cause
of much uneasiness, has Just been re
ported from Alberni.' The steamer
encountered terrific weather up the
coast, which delayed her four days.
Slayer of Wife Goes Free.
SEATTLE, Dec. 2.— The Jury in the
Bartlett murder case to-day brought
in a verdict of not guilty. Mitchell
Bartlett was charged with having
murdered his wife one year ago last
month. - He* admitted having killed
her, but proved extreme provocation.
TREASURER KEPOIKAI
HOLDS TO HIS POSITION
Governor Carter Still Has One Mem
ber of Old Regime in His Of
ficial Family.
HONOLULU. Nov. 26. — Governor
Carter's administration begins with
relations between him and the Treas
urer still very strained as a result of
Treasurer Kepoikai's refusal to offer
his resignation, as did all the other
heads of departments. There are no
conferences between the Governor and
the Treasurer and Carter has said that
he V. does nbt regard Kepolkai as a
member of his official family, not
having appointed him, and will not
assume any responsibility for his acts.
Kepolkai has much Hawaiian back
ing in his stand. The acceptance of
the resignation of Land Commissioner
E. S. Boyd leaves Kepoikai the only
Hawaiian holding a position as a -de
partmental head. Home Rulers in
dorse his attitude. It is said that Ke
poikai, who is a resident of the Island
of Maui, would like to succeed J. W.
Kalua as Judge of th^Maul Circuit
Court.' Kepoikai was In the bench
under the monarchy and lost his po
sition by refusing to swear allegiance
to the provisional Government.
Bay Pirate . Arrested.
John Quinn, who Is known to the po
lice as a bay pirate, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon by v De T
tectives ' Regan \ and O'Connell on '. a
charge of burglary. The officers found
him on Sunday night with a boatload
of piglron an& arrested him., They\dl3-*
covered yesterday morning that ; |the
pigiron : had been stolen from a French
bark lying at Fremont-street wharf and
consigned to Balfour.Guthrle & Co.
Mosquito Fleet Returns.
r The' ' gunboat * Petrel, the ; torpedo-boat de
stroyer , Perrr *nd th« , navy ; tug , Fortune • re
turned * yesterday from " Santa Barbara, where
they - acted * as ttakeboats during . the trial of
the - Tacoma. ~ Th« Petrel anchored off th«
Terba Buena ! training 1 station . and . the others
went direct to Mare Island.
Hard Training For Cadets.
-HONOLULU, Nov. 26. — Captain
Zander, of the German training ship
Herzogln Sophia Charlotte, which left
here yesterday for Sydney, sent a boat
with ten" cadets back to Honolulu
this morning : to give the cadets
the experience and training. At 4 a. m.
when the; ship .was about ' fifteen miles
away, the boat. started and the sailors
rowed here by 11 o'clock. After an
hour on shore they started back,' row
ing" all; the way. The .vessel was not
in sight when they . started, . but they
rowed for the direction in which she
was under- sail. During their brief
stay ; on • shore the < cadets were enter
tained by H. A. Isenberg, the German
Consul. ' . : -
The exDort trade ; in : Gal veston for ' the
fiscal year showed an increase of $3,000,000.
Public and private improvements recently
completed and under way will aggregate
in cost $5,158,000. ,
A sturdy begear should have a sturdy
denier- ¦ •
Chinese blackmail methods were ex
posed yesterday in United States Court
Commissioner Heacock's court by Da
vid D. Jones, official interpreter of Chi
nese for. the District Attorney's office.
The case was that of Chin Mee Took, a
laborer, returning from China and
claiming to be a native born American
citizen. Chin produced a record of the
United States District Court certifying
to his admission to this country on a
former occasion as a native born Amer
ican, but. the Chinese Bureau was not
convinced that he was the person men
tioned in the record.
Chin was balled out by A security
company, a Chinese firm furnishing the
cash. Yesterday Fong Ping, a Chi
nese interpreter, approached Mr. Jones
and informed him that Chin's bonds
men had determined to surrender him
Into custody because they had learned
that that was nut his name and that
the court record "was riot his. '
| Mr. Jones' suspicions were aroused
by the eagerness of the Chinese to al
low Chin to be deported to China,, and
he had an ; interview with the defend
ant. Chin said that he had paid Fong
Ping's people $5 for costs and a certain
sum for the bail bond, and that he had
promisedito pay $25 morefdr an attor
ney's fee,' but, that Fong Ping had de
manded $60 additional, threatening, at
the same time, that If.lt were not paid
his bondsmen would surrender him into
custody and he would be deported.
Chin introduced witnesses before
Commissioner Heacock, and they
proved that Chin was not an impostor,
but the person he had represented him
self to be. The court discharged him
from custody ; and "remarked that it
was a clear case of an attempt to rail
road a man to China because he would
not submit to be blackmailed.
O. P. Stidger, who acted as attorney
for Chin, stated that he would waive
his fee of $25. '.
the' Hall of Justice the policeman con
siderately escorted him to ' the City
Hospital and had his battered head
dressed and bandaged. .
The case went over, until Friday.
Scheme to Deport Chinr Me©' Yook
' Exposed' by David
¦ V. Jones.
BLACKMAIL USED ?
UPON A CHINESE
SANTA BARBARA.' Dec. 2.—Ex
.trerae.ly high tides during the past few
days have wrought gTeat damage at
Summerland, which is situated on the
coast, six miles, east of this city, and
where several hundred oil wells have
been drilled in the sea. Many wharves
owned by oil companies were dam:
esred by heavy: seas and sections of
others were carried away.
• Oil derricks were destroyed and
property along the beach considerably
damaged. As the tide is higher to
night it is feared that greater dam
age . will result. The loss already
amounts to-several thousand dollars.
HTGH TIDES CAUSING
• " ; • DAMAGE AT SUMMERLAND
vharves (hmed by Oil Companies
Suffer and Property "Along Beach
Is Inundated-
Kroger appeared to prosecute, but as
he had not entirely recovered from the
effect of his many wounds the case
was continued till December 9.
It was the evening of Saturday, No
vember 15, when Kroger was set upon
end cut with knives by the youn* fel
lows. He had refused to sell drinks
to them, as they were. minors, and In
retaliation for his refusal they proceed
ed to wreck his grocery. When he at
tempted to protect his property they
attacked him.
Three lads, none of whom has at
tained his sixteenth year, were before
Judge Mogan on the charge of having
stabbed with murderous intent an aced
groceryman named Martin Kroger,
whose place of business, where the a'
tack took place, is at 600 Second street.
The trio was arrested and booked as
Archie Burton. John Qulnn and John
McCarthy, and as they faced the mpn
they had attempted to kill they showed
neither regret for what they had di/ne
nor fear of its consequences.
. Crawford, who lives in Gilroy. re"
fuses to discuss the .franchise. If he
look the franchise "he would have to
build a line which, without outside
conection, would be worthless, as the
franchise is for only seven- blocks.
SAN JOSE, Dec. . 2. — E. D. Craw
ford, who last evening bid $5-300 for
an. electric railway franchise In this
city, failed 'to appear and pay tire bal
¦ence p£ the money, to-day, and the
Bale* has. gone by .default. Ten per
cent of the bid had been deposited and
Crawford has twenty-four hours'. tim.e
in' which to par the balance. Craw
ford -on Tuesday defaulted on the
Fame franchise. It having been sold
to him the day hiefore. Now the Coun
cil will be obliged to again "advertise
lor. bids for ..the. franchise. Craw
ford's object In bidding for the fran
chise and then defaulting in the mat
ter of the payments is causing con
siderable speculation here.
FAILS TO PAY BALANCE
TO SECURE FRANCHISE
Eicder for Railway" Concession at San
- Joeks 'Forfeits Money* Origi
. nally .Deposited.
Mr. Solomon's sentence will be pro
nounced to-day. The penafty for his
offense is a fire whose minimum i* S3
and maximum $500.
There -are numerous holders of
chances in a "drawing" for a house
and lot near Golden Gate Park who
will be grieved to learn that the chief
promoter of the scheme, one Edwin
Solomon, formerly a tailor, was yes
terday adjudged guilty of aiding and
abetting a lottery, and that their in-r
vestment is illegal and will be utterly
worthless unless Mr. Solomon refunds
the money they paid him.
It was a clever scheme of the get
rich-quick species that Mr. Solomon
conceived and had in active operation
when the law interfered. The house
and lot cost him, he says, $15,000, and
he had printed and distributed 20,000
tickets, each of which represented five
chances in the raffle, and were offered
for sale at $1 apiece. In other words,
if the entire issue of tickets had been
sold and paid for Mr. Solomon would
have pocketed a profit of $5000, or 25
per cent interest on his Investment. As
It was aboyt $5000 was taken in before
the planififre nipped by the police.
ti!L th^ V t ° l Judse Ca °anis S yes
! , r nf, y i T SoIomon Pleaded his respon
sibility ..«». the people who had pur
a^m B \! CketS a " a deplored th * P^
sfbility »f their losing their investment.
The Jucjre considerately suggested to
him a way out of his perplexity
"Just Advertise in the newspapers
that you will redeem at face valui nil
the tickets you have disposed of," said
his Honor, "and I'll. stake my reputa
tion for wisdom on the prediction that
before a week expires you will have
heard firm every one of your chance
r.old.'rs."
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Dec. 2. — Da
vid Crissman, a miner, aged 70 years,
was killed last night by a premature
blast while working in his quartz
mine near Golconda. He was alone
at the time of the accident.
Crissman was an old time miner in
the West, haying followed the for
tunes of the gold seekers in all the
Western States and in Alaska. Eight
years 'ago he passed through' an
experience such as few men could en
dure. He was imprisoned by. a cave
in on Winnemucca Mountain In the
old Pride of the West mine and lived
forty-six days without food ana with
no other water than the small amount
obtained by melting snow. When he
was rescued he weighed but flfty-Blx
pounds. Although interested in a
number of claims, Crissman died poor.
David Crissmaxi Meets Death While
Working in His Quartz Mine
Near Golconda,
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 2.— The inva
sion of North Pacific territory by the
China Commercial Steamship Company,
signalized by the sending of the steam
ship Lothian -here to load, is causing
circles. When the-China Commercial
| uneasiness. U\ Oriental transportation
, entered tha* trans-Paciflc field, with a
nurrfber.of Canton; millionaires behind
it, it secured the services of J. S. Van
Buren, for nearly twenty years Oriental
agent of the Pacific Mail.' The deser
¦tlon of Van Buren from. the old com
pany; angered'Manager'.Schwerin' and
; he. opened hostilities immediately upon
' the" arrival of the first steamer of the
line In San Francisco by cutting rates
. to $1 per ton. ~ \ • .
No serious damage would have re
sulted from this cut. had the Pacific
Mal\ been able to keep the fight inits
own field/Unfortunately, however, for
the other Coast lines operating
to the . Orient; a 11 rate out of San
Francisco did not harmonize with a $5
rate out of 'Portland and Puget Sound
ports, and to keep everything from.go
| Ing coastwise to S"an Francisco and
thence to the Orient, the Northern. lines
were forced to cut the rate to $3, a fig
ure low enough to prevent coastwise
shipments. This $2 cut has cost the five
regular lines operating" out of San
Francisco, Portland,' Puget Sound and
; Vancouver,. $25^,000 up :to October last;
arid there had been no gain whatever
at the expense of the newcomer. In the
field. This loss of : $254,000 was, in
creased In November by the loss of 51,
000 tons of Oriental freight x from the
coast ports. The engagements for De
cember loading from Portland and'Pu
get Sound alone are 48,000 tons, with at
; least 10,000 tons to go but of San Fran
cisco. This will makeUhe total loss
from the ?2 cut for the business han
dled' up to January 1, $172,000, with. the
end not yet in sight: . , . ; .
The action of the China Commercial
Steamship Company Mn sending, the
steamship Lothian to Portland is re
garded as a master stroke. The Lothian
was sent here because the Pacific Mail
corraled all of the freight out of San
Francisco at $1 per ton. At Portland
the steamer will take a full cargo of
7000 tons at $3 per ton. This will make
her cargo net the owners $14,000 more
than they could have secured had
Schwerin given them a chance at a
San Francisco cargo.
This transaction of the Lothian 1b
only 'a forerunner of the demoralization
which Is to follow; unless Harriman
curbs his steamship manager and ex
tends the olive branch. The Canton
people will riot only send the Steamship
Lothian to Portland, which is in Har
riman territory, but the steamship
Atholl will be sent to Puget Sound,
where her agents fcave already secured
2500 tons of wheat and 1000, tons of
flour. '.'::V- 4 '- :-t»"
AGED MINER IS KILLED
BY A PREMATURE BLAST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The widow based her claim to $60, r
OOO.darrfages on the fact that her hus
band at the' time of his death was
earning JS-CGO'aVear.' with reasonable
expectancy of living- t\venty years.
•returned a'. unanimous verdict award-
Ing iMrs. Vernon 527,500. The high
«st previous 'award in California for a
human life wjas $2-0 ,.000, and it is said
that the. Vernon award is exceeded
only by the Judgment priven by a "New
York court in the case of a victim of
.til* terrfble tirnr.el wreck on the New
York Central Rai.Ir&ad. 7:
Jtrs. Vernon -wiH now. bring suit
against the Southern Pacific for -the
.death of her son, who was also killed
in the Byron 'wreck. *' v
LOS AXGELES. Dec. 2. — A Jury in
the -""United States District Court this
afternoon gave Judgment against the
Southern- Pacific Company in the larg
est amount ever awarded for the loss
of a human life in .this State. In the
Vuit of- Mrs. Cora Vernon against the
"railroad company far J.&0.000 as com
pensation for the loss of her husband,
who was killed in .the wreck near
¦Byron on December 20. 1002, the Jury
The China Commercial rate was. $15,
which is itself something fairly tempt
ing in the bargain line, and which at
tracted a big rush of almond-eyed pat
ronage. The rush for China attracted
the attention of the Pacific Mail agents
and they went the new line enough
better to have caused a yellow stam
pede Pacific Maihvara had not the Lo
thian's Chinese already paid their $15.
: With the departure of the Lothian
the old rates will go into effect on Pa
cific Mall liners and will be maintained
until the next China Commercial steam
ship is ready to receive passengers. A
few took advantage of the lower rate,
however, and several of the Chinese'
passengers who will leave to-day on the
Hongkong Maru will cross the Pacific
at a cost to each of them of $2.
The Chinese'- who sailed on the Lo
thian were nearly all old men. who are
going back to China to die.- Under or
dinary circumstances many of them
would have availed themselves of the
various Oriental schemes for. making
Unele Sam ser.d them home. Before
deportation, however, there Is a period
of detention in jail, and, » although the
scheme is costless, it is more annoying
than the soending of 515 with an im
mediate departure. This rate *war is'
pleasing to the officials of the Chinese
Bureau,' much of whose time is taken
up with these o'.d men, who, for the
sake of a free ride home, acknowledge
themselves illegally in the land of the
free. The prosecution of these cases Is
expensive, so that, although rates to
China ranging from $2 to $15 may be
ruinous for transportation companies,
they mean many dollars saved f«r
Uncle Sam.
Acting Customs Collector William B.
Hamilton notified United States Immi
grant Commissioner North yesterday
that the steamer Lothian had
cleared . from this port for , Ore
gon / with 6C0 Chinese, who • were
returning to China, and suggested that
steps be taken to prevent the. landing
or escape of any of the Chinese. It
is' supposed that shoulji some of_ the
Chinese escape "and n remain, in this
country they would send their return
certificates to China to be used In
gaining admission to this country of a
like number of Chinese laborers.
San Francisco to Chint. for $2. • That
is the 'rate at which the Pacific* Mall
Company yesterday offered to carry Ce
lestial passengers to the Orient. *Low
as was the fare, however, few availed
themselves of the bargain In transpor
tation, as all. the Chinese ready to re
turn to the Flowery Kingdom had pre
viously closed with the China Com
mercial Company, on whose steamship
Lothian 600 of them sailed shortly be
fore yesterday's sun went down.
Southern Pacific Loses Suit
Growing Out of Wreck
.at Byron.
Invades North Pacific Terri
tory and Shippers Are
Benefited.. "
Opposition Ste'amship Lo
thian Carries 600 Celes
tials at $15 Apiece.
Three young matrons strenuously de
fending their respective spouses made
a refreshing feature of Police Judge Mo
gah's matutinal soiree yesterday. The
parties all dwell in ; an a'partment
house at 2006A Howard street, and last
Sunday afternoon the domicile was the
scene of a fracas, in which unsavory
language was freely interspersed with
fistic prowess. As an outcome of the
! shindy George Green, John Green and
John T, Hooper were charged by Louis
T. "Williams with having, collectively
and individually; assaulted and bat
tered, him. -
In support of his accusation Williams
carried fnto court an eye much swollen
and heavily fringed with mourning.
¦Endeavor to ascertain who inflicted the
injury and the provocation that led to
j the assault was the bewildering task
! cut out for the court, and after tack
ling, it for about two hours the Judgej
was compelled to continue the case till
j Saturday, by which time he hopes to
I have disentangled and straighte* 3d out
; the conflicting mass of testimony ad
j iiuced and sworn to by three husbands,
! as many loyal wives and a young man
i'with no matrimonial tie.
From what the court has already
; learned it is inclined to suspect that
j on last Sunday Mrs. George Green and
j Mrs. John T. Hooper went to the cor
| Her grocery to purchase Saratoga chips,
'' and . that while they were returning
through the hallway of their common
residence. Louis T. Williams poked his
| head out of the door of the room which
f he occupies with his wife and sneering
l ly said to the ladies, "Ha, ha; you've
• been after beer again." Then Mr. Green
I asked Mr. Williams if he had addressed
! Mrs. Green in insulting tone, and Mr.
! Williams replied in the affirmative, and
1 accentuated his confession by striking
I Mr. Green on the jaw. At this point of
the narrative coherence becomes cloud
! ed, but all the witnesses agreed that
i there was a mix-up, in which a razor
figured, and that blows were freely in
| terchanged between Mr. Williams on
| one side and George Greeni his brother
I John and John T. Hooper on the other.
Mrs. Green and Mrs. Hooper swore
•that Mr. Williams was the aggressor
i. throughout, and that Mr. Hooper, Mr.
i Green and brother John were compeJled
I in self-defense to raise their hands and
• smite. Mrs; Williams, however, assev
j erated that her husband had been
I' "picked on" by the three defendants
i and the other two wives, and that on
I one occasion as she was passing along
i the hallway John T. Hoopef.met her
! and in an insulting way dug his right
elbow into her left ribs; also, that in
the Sunday melee Mrs. Hooper rolled
up her sleeves and struck the witness
;a straight punch upon the chest. .
While the exhibition of conjugal fe
licity was general, Mrs. John Green was
the most spectacular in display of wife
ly devotion. When asked .if she was
sure she saw Mr. Williams strike her
husband she enthusiastically answered:
"Sure of It? Well, I should say so.
Wasn't I there — a Johnnie on the
spot?"
Again, when the Assistant District
Attorney courteously asked Mrs. Green
If her husband had not struck Mr. Wil
liams while the latter gentleman was
prostrate, the lady eyed him withering
ly and popped the counter-query:
¦ "Do you think my husband is a cow
ard like that thing there?" pointing to
where Mr. Williams sat nursing his
bruised optic.
"This is a case," opined Judge Mo
gan, "that requires time to be slept
over, reviewed dispassionately and de
cided intelligently. While the testimony
.stands at the ratio of six to two In
favor of the defendants, I will reserve
my Judgment till next Saturday."
And the trio of wedded couples went
away arm-in-arm, while John Green
looked comparatively unprotected as he
sallied forth alone.
After wearily listening to a repeti
tion of the arguments'the Judge sent
the defendants to the Superior, Court,
with the bail of each fixed at $1000.
Sam L>unt and A. F. Francis, dealers
in the lacteal fluid, had stolen from
the Standard Milk Company eleven
cans and twenty-one bottles, and John
Cox was accused by the same com
plainant of having pilfered from the
same corporation one bottle box and
three tanks, of the total value of J15.
The case had been dragging through
the court several weeks, but the ver
bal contention was waged as fiercely
yesterday morning as if the cause
were fresh and the parties inspired by
new-born passion.
China Commercial Com
v,. pany Makes Big Bid
for Freight.
Pacific Mail Offers Trans
portation to China
/for $2.
Jury Gives Her Verdict
for 327,500 Against
Railroad.
STEAMSHIP WAR
BECOMES BITTER
CHINESE PROFIT
BY A RATE WAR
WIDOW RECEIVES
HE AVY DAMAGES
WIVES DEFEND THEIR HUSBANDS
WHEN LAWYERS ASK QUESTIONS
Apartment House Melee Is Ventilated in Police
Court and Connubial Loyalty Is One Striking
Feature of Somewhat Bewildering Testimony
THE SAN (i FRANCISCO- CALU, THURSDAY; ;;DECEMBER'3, vl903.
11
ADVEBTISEIOarrS.
"A SWELL
PROPOSITION"—
Slangy but expressive — is aptly descrip-
tive of laundry work emanating from
here. Whether^rour shirt is of the "full
dress" kind or meant for business wear,
we" will certify to the fact that It will
be clean, sweet and attractive to the eye
when it leaves oijr doors.. Yours for
cleanliness, ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
ORICB 1004 SCABXST 8TXZZT. *
Near PowilU
DIRECTORY
fc OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailal
on Application.
. rSESH AHD SAJ.T MXAT3.
lie PftVEC X- Ct\ Shipping Butcher*. lOi
JAj. DUIEj tt \A). day. TeL M*la 1284.
. OU.S.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * KT.I.ia.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phon* Mala 1718.
PBISTiarO. _
E. C. HUGHES 611 gMaonn it.. B. T.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
A BR.YSON IN GOLD.
Free With Next Sunday's Gall
Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper.
Nearly Every One II The Art Supplements
Says So: || Are the Hit of the Year.
The second of Dry son's "Series In Cold," entitled "Sedorah."
surpasses the first and will be given away FREE with THE
SUNDAY CALL, December 6th.
£5£5»»?J* i V'' ¦*¦* : ;^ ¦¦¦'¦ -¦* gSaff^^' JMB jBaTOt '* . . .¦'.-' 4. ¦¦'-: ¦¦ > '*' ' _,_ t jn -^^ J*V ¦jP'-i "* """ : '^'a^^aS^S
E" SEDORAH"
"Sedorah" is the title of our next offering. That
mow it will please goes without saying. Having,
ed the approval of the most critical judges, it
lot fail to be highly regarded and preserved by
patrons of The Sunday Call.
"Sedorah" represents a rare type of beauty, in
that a peculiar piquancy is given to the expression
of the face of the young girl by the wealth'of gold-
en hair and h«r. dark eyes. The richness of her
blond tresses is heightened by the pearls and roses,
carelessly arranged in her coiffure, and the contrast-
ing background and the diaphanous drapery give
warmth and brilliancy to the flesh tones.
. . In treatment, this picture approaches sketchi-
ness, and this quality may account to some extent
for its brilliancy and effectiveness. It seems to.
have been conceived and executed with a single im-
pulse, with none of the changing and retouching that
are responsible for the labored and ofttimes unskill-
ful aspect of the work of some artists.
Printed on heavy paper and surrounded by a
rich gold border, it is the most decorative and at-
tractive art picture that has been produced in Ameri-
ca, let alone given away. >: v
If you overlooked getting the first of the Series
In Gold, you surely cannot afford. to miss this.
Order The Daily Call Dolt
To-Day. fjext Sunday Call Now -
The Call is for sale at all news agencies and by
all train newsboys. If you fail to find The Call on
trains please let us know. We will appreciate theMoon and • Tide.
United . States Coast .and Geodetic' Survey
• Time and Heights of <Hlgb and* Low Waters
: at'.Fort Point; -entrance to r San Francisco
- ... Bay.. -Published by official authority of tho
' Fuperlnttndent.-^-' ¦ <;'-^' •••_'¦ -.
> NOTE-^The high and low "waters occur at the
city, front (Mission-Street .whor/)- about 25 mln
"tM'ater than at Fort Point: the height of
tide Is the, same: at* both "places.;. '
;' > K ; THURSDAY. : DECEMBER 3.
IS""«r>:::::::"v:-»vv"-:r.-:-.:vvvJ:J»
Moon aets^.. .•...¦;•-.; .¦.•.••".'•.".¦l-'.'iBiM- a^m?
D -ITimel-^- -iTime •• -'-ITl'me ' ¦•. Time; .
: S:lrwl rt [Hw;5!j^W- r HH-wl rt 
! 3; '3:361. -2.4 '0:44 -5.0 .4:361 — 0.7 11:40 4.8
.4" '4:201 '2.5 10:25 '6.0 6:10—1.0.
. H W! , Itj- v? • h.W V -:> L. W
6 0:35i- 6.0^5:07 > 2.7 11:00 / 6.0 6:04 II
'0:1 Is2t > 5.1| 6:66f • 2.8 11:58 i,5.9 6:50—1.0
,7 J 2:10 .51 1 6:60 ,2.0 12:60 6.7 7:38—0.8
'8; j2:58 :,6.2'7:50 *2.« l!48 .5.'4 8:29—05
-0- V 3:43 .' B.3 ;»:Ql ? 2.8 2:61 bfi.O 0:20 0.0
• ' NOTE— In 'the above exposition of the tides
the - early, morning tides i are: given ;ln th« -,ieft
hand col u mn> and the .-successive tides of the
day In the order. of occurrence as'to time; the
A Cargo 'for^- Honolulu.
The bark'R. P.~RIthet-salled"ye8terday foi
Honolulu •. wjth an j assorted I merchandise cargo
valued at $20,751 and Including 'the following
60' bbls -floury 3000 lbs^ coffee, JSaO'cs- canned
goods. ¦ 32 pkgs J groceries : arid -provisions. 2000
lbs. cuts. 1403 lbs bread, 300 lbs: rait.- 3750* lbs
meals. .6S0O lbs -beans, '1550 lbs 43eas.v688 gals
vinegar, 65 pkgs (.pickles.? 3870 gals wine." 3611
bales. hay, 504 ctls corn, 2165 ctls barley, 18,090
lbs middlings, 13 ctls' wheat, , 233 i ctls oats;
3945 lba cocoanut meal,-.' 88.2R4 -lbs»br«in,-; 40.710
ft lumber, 3000 posts, 100 cs blastlng^powder,
4ca fuse. -25. bales oakum. ."1 pkgs machinery.
2 reels' wire rope," 13 pkgs acid. '1430 gals dis
tillate, 3 ' pkgs leather, s 220 -pkgs -paints and
oils, ' 6 '. ca " booU ' and ahoes,' 5 tins ¦ matches '
Small Cargo for the Orient
¦ The British- steamer 'Lothlanr sailedI'yester
'day! for; Honrkone: via Portland with °3 8°a
lba . dried ,flsn, 13 .' pkgs.. shoe , findings, ; s'- cs
paper.-. 41 pkgs old glass. 7 pkgs -.household
goods and ' 1- bbl -salt,- valued at $1902. :
Builders' Contracts.
Mary. C. Fallen . (owner) with Charles Dun
lop i contractor), architects • Shea A- Eheo—
M»'r1 and. wood lathir.it, plasterlnsr. U!», hard
«-*r» plasterinc: for a fottr-story and basement
frame huil-'lr.c on ?*E corner of Ellis and
L^avenworth Btrt^ts. >¦ J37:6 hy E 137:6: $91(X).
H.-Haiwen (owner) with Mas-erv BroB - 'con
tractor**, architects JI. ¦ Gellfues t Son — AH
worjc exc#rt plumblnr, aewerase and eras nt
rtpi for a three-story and basement frame
r>ulli!1niy on E line of Howard »treet 150 N
t>f Klrhteenth. N 50 hy E 122:«: fl3.000.
-Fame owner with Fchanx- & Grundy term- ¦
irertor*). architects same— Plumbing, eewer
csre and pas fittlot; for same on came; $15A5
,/Jurtav Llndauer (owner) with Henry. Vf.. L*r
r»n & Bros, (contractor*), architect J. C. Flue
*r»r — Brirk mason work for two three-story
Jirirk buildinpi" rirtaol*») #»n ST. line cf Folnonv
#*r»*t. 312:*i SW «f Fourth. BW 100 PE 27.%
N'E 112:«. NW ;T0. risrht angles 12:6, NW 1C5 :
fl~,254. . * ¦
Builders* Contracts. .
Pame ownPT.Trith Robert Trost feen tractor)
wrchlteet eeme — Carpenter work for same on
FE line of Folsom etreet, 312:«5 SW of Fourth.
SW.100. EE 275. NE 112:0. NW 163: $25 907
Julia J>opold (owner) with R. Fahr (con
tractor), architect E. A. Hermann — All • work
for a.two-ttory frame buIWing and unfinished
»^afem«it on W line of Doujrias* street, 160 S
<f Seventeenth. S 25 by W 036; $3178.
. John M. Nowlan (owdt) with Williamson &
TUrnbull (ccntractore). architect A. J. Barnett
— All work for a one-rtory frame htitldlna; on
N <<ne nf Haieht (rtreet. 63 E of Fillmore, E
»:0 by N 85; 12600.
NEWS OF l THE I OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
-. : -" : Shipping ; Merchants, i ' • *
*. The -British, eteamer 'Stanley" Dollar was
filSWiS?^ **7 t0T *!&&£¦££
,.?5^er^fS'CSerfrl (^i^>
two nitrate poxts.at.31ji 3d: .British shin^nl^h
bank (also .on Pu K et Sound). \,ame bu«lnlST?«
Port Pirle.; 31s. 3d;- with option 'of . teuSJ,^
or Adelaide. 32» (}d,. chartered prior to arrivTl
.The schooner Aloha returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.' ¦/ . . / ;. ¦ • . -. . ¦
Will Take Full Cargo.
The Tayo Kiaen Kalsha's Hongkong Maru
will sail to-day for the Orient with 3800 tons
of. cargo and a larre number of passengers.
Her cargo includes 140O. tons of. flour. Among
the passengers to sail, on the liner are a
number of army officers and many ' Govern
ment employes, bound for Manila.
¦ • •"" — : — ."
The Overdue List.
. The name pf the British bark , Derwent was
added yesterday to the overdue list. , She Is
out 127 day«from London for Sydney and" is
quoted at 10 per cent. 'The other overdue*
are quoted as follows : $ Lurlier, 30 per j cent;
Fjieshire, 60 per cent;. Paris. 60 per cent;
f a '.v3 °,P«r cent; Mlchele* Bianchl, 10 per
cent; -Taalla; 90 per cent; La-Bruyere '30 per
cent; Beechvale, 15 per cent. i. , ' . ¦ .
Will Be Repaired.
• The. schooner Alice Cooke. which came Into
port, Tuesday, night' in a dismkntled condition,
<h?c.£ V VS 1 c^' 8 0UtBtde heads before
ftnninJ I ' She will be repaired before con
tinuing her voyage to Honolulu. .. • • - ..
Helena Blum in .Trouble.
t , T)l ' FMRch " hlp Hele n«»! Blum, bound from
b ti.\ Ll W ," rt ' ha » put . Into Valparaiso
with her rigging and hull damaged ' ¦ '-
•¦¦'¦¦• to sail: -'^t--
Steamer. ' Destination.- I Sails. Pier.
- , December 3. . | . <
Sequoia..... Grays Harbor'. ...'. 4 pm Pier 20
S Barbara Loi' Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B>Pt. Orford 10>m Pier 13
Arctic *'¦ Humboldt 12 .m Pier 2
Spokane! ! ! . Humboldt' . : . . . .'..". l*:30 p Pier 9
State Cal.:. San Diego &. Way.' 9. am Pler«ll
H K Mart. China & :Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coos Bay> San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 11
• December 4. : ; - -¦-.
Xewb'urg '. Grays Harbor .': . .'. 4 pm Pier. 10
« W Klder Astoria &• Portland. 11 am Pier 24
T. December, 6. •; |
T *_' * ¦* 'Humboldt •.'. .'...... '2 pm|Pler 2
w Knlw : ' Los Angeles Ports; 4 pm Pier 2
wivaf Willapa- Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
T-iVr»v'ii" " " humboldt .....'..... 9 am Pier 13
pi'Arma ' " 'Point <JVreai '. . . . .'• 4 pm Pier 2
Arizowm * Ne^«yprk . . .¦,..: . ...... Pier 25
v?wncrt '" N.^T/via Panama. 12 I m Pier 40
Ne wp^cn .... . . jjeeemter ¦ 8 . , • . . .
S. Monica.: Los 'Angeles Ports:. ; 4,pm Pier '2
S.Rosa..... San; Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humboldt ;,.. ..... 1:30 p Pier 9
f •¦ "¦ December 7. ' '
Chico. •'.'.'. .'. Coquille -River"'.', r. G pm Pier 2
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 20
G.LIndauer. Astoria & Portland .2 pm Pier 28
Bonita:...'. Newport & Way... Slam Pier.'ll
Curacao. '...-• Mexican i Ports ..•;. 10 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Sound P.orts. 11 am Pier 9
• .- ;. . .'¦¦¦¦•. "> December • 9i >;\ " - - |.
Columbia..'. Astoria A'Portlaridlill "amlPier 21
f...;:; i . ' : ' December XO.v' >.i : * ] • js'.
Ventura. . .'. Sydney : & -.Way/. ,\\ 2 pm Pier j 7
'J.' Dollar...' Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
• — . v .. . , s December 11.-' |» •• . '
R&inler.'..'.. Seattle .'&' Whatcom .4 pmlPler 20
North Fork. Hnmboldt ¦. . .'..".: . . 8 pmlPler 20
¦«.-. :._.V;. x . JJecember 12. ' .¦..;( .-.¦¦•;
China."..... China & 'japan'. ;.". 'l'pm Pier 40
City Para.;. N. . Y. via^Pahama 12 . m Pier 40
Queen...... Puget Sound -Ports 11- am Pier 9
-. ¦.. . :• - December 13.* '¦*_ j.
Alliance. . .'. .EurtKa. £, goo'».P-l-.U<Lain|P>er 16
FROM SEATTLE.. - ,.
.Steamer.', ¦« ',. ' ; . . ; r f For '¦ , ' . Sa»». .
Valencia. ,. ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet j Way Pts. Dec. 7
Cottage .City.'. Skagway A" Way Ports.) Dec. 11
Santa Ana. .-. . CookS'Inlet A. Way :Pts.|Dec> 18
Farallon...... Skagway. A. W4iy Ports. Dec. 17
City of Para Arrives.
, The Pacific Mall Company's, steamship City
of Para, Captain Porter, arrived yesterday
from Panama and way ports. She brought 718
tons of cargo, treasure valued at $12.150/ and
thirty-five passengers among whom were: Ir
ving Neurchelle. F. C. Marston. . Salvador
Gallegos, F. Gallegos. Gregorlo Laun and Geo
A. Chestnut.
Mandalay, hence Nov 30.
. Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Mandalay, for San Fran
cisco.
' EUREKA— Sailed Dec 2— Star Alliance, for
Coos Bay; stmra Redondo, laqua and Prentlss,
for San Francisco.' -
CLALLAM ,BAY — In port Dec 2-ySchr So
quel,-from Whatcom. for San Fran^sco; bark
8 C.Allen.' from Port Blakeley. for San Fran
cisco: Fr ship Madelalne, from Port Blakeley,
for Queenstown.
• PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr
Brooklyn, ' for San • Francisco.
. GRAYS , HARBOR— Arrived . Dec 2— Stmr
Coronado, hence Nov 20.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Olym
pic, -hence Nov 28.-
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr American,
for.. Tacoma. "
Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
¦ . ISLAND PORT. .
. HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 2 — Br stmr Gae
lic,' } hence Nov 25. for China, etc. ; "i r ¦'-':
¦¦'• EASTERN PORT.
NEW. YORK— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Allianea,
from Colon. - ,"-•',«.', -"
Sailed Dec 1— Stmr Seguranea, for Colon. .
• . - FOREIGN P.ORTS.'
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Nov 2»— Br ship
Glencalm, from Portland, Or. ,"•._¦ .
HAKODATE— Arrived N»v 22— Br stmr
ManauensP. from Nome. ¦¦ . -. ¦ •
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Noir-30— Br shiD Ra-
Jore, from Shields. ¦ for ' San • Diego.
GIBRALTAR— Passed. Dec 1— Nor. stmr
Thyra, from Norfolk, fop. Manila. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 23 — Br rtmr Oan
fa. for San -Francisco. -via Mororan.
- HONGKONG— galled Dec 1 — Stmr Siberia,
for San Francisco. . -V . - ' .
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 2 — Jav ' stmr lyo
Maru. from Yokohama.- • ,
HAMBURG — Arrived Nov 30— Ger stmr
Herodot. henc« July 24. ' '
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 30— Br ¦ itmr
Isleworth, from Honolulu and Gilbert Islands.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
'¦ NEW ; YORK— Sailed Dec • 2— Stmr Cedric.
for Liverpool. V" . *_*-i ¦'•' - ¦
Arrived -Dec, 2 — Stmr. Rheln, from Bremen-
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Kai
ser: Wllhelm -II. -from Bremen, for New York,
via' Cherbourg. ..... ... ...
CHERBOURG — Arrived D«c 2— Stmr . Penn
sylvania,' from New- York; via Plymouth, for
Hamburg- and proceeded. . -.. -. .. : .
Sailed Dec 2— Stmr, Kaiser Wtlhelm II. from
Bremen and ' Southampton. : for New York. • *
LIVERPOOL— Arrived. Dec 2— Stmr Ultonla,
from Boeton. r^p9S^t^Ujn09S9dtJBagSak
Sailed Dec 2 — Stmr Oceanic, for New York,
via- Queenstown. .,-.;. .. - .
ANTWERP — Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Switzer
land, from \ Philadelphia. • ,
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphlc Office, IJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 2. 1803. , • _ .'
The Time Ball on the tower of , the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Gre-enwlfli time. J. C. BURNETT,
>s Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
• i s
Shipping Intelligence.
\ ARRIVED.
Wednesday, . December 2.
Stmr Geo W Eider. Randall, 83 hours from
Portland, via. Astoria 4S hours., "
Stmr City of Para, Porter, 20 days 12 hours
25 minutes from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days
¦"stmr^Chlna.- Friele. 26 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama. 15 days, via Honolulu 6
"stmr Rival. McClementa, 80 hours from Wll-
Iapa Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia. Thompson. 60 hours from San
Pedro, via Monterey 13 hours. •
Stmr Oxiutlle River." Dart,' 103 hours 'from
Grays. Harbor; bound for Redondo; put In for
St'mr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 100 hours
from piympla. via Seattle «5 hours; bound for
Pert Harford; put In to land passengers. - • * ¦ •
U S, stmr Petrel/ Caff an, from . Bar-
US tug Fortune, Ja^p, : from Santa . Bar
bara. ' ' . '
US torpedo boat Ferry, Fen ton, hours
from Santa Barbara. \
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, ' 04 hours "from.
Ladysmlth. . I
Bktn Coronado, Potter, 21 days , f rom Hono
lulu. '- i -¦ .i
Schr Louis, Meyer, 15 days • from Willapa
Harbor. . . ...
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, 11 hours from
Walsh Landing. ' •
.CLEARED.* . . ;-.- -
' • . Wednesday, December 2. -
Stmr Senator, Patterson,' Victoria, etc; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co. '¦'' •
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast' Steamship Co: '
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro; ' Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. . ' ." .*.¦'• > ¦
Stmr Centennial, Strand. Seattle;. E T Kruse.
Br stmr Lothian, ¦ Williamson, Hongkong,
etc; China Commercial Co. ' - - - ,
Nor stmr Hero. Syvertsen. Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 2. _
Rtmr Greenwood. Olsen, Albion River.'
Stmr; Awunclon, BrtdKett," Redondo. : -
1 Stmr Senator, Patterson, Victoria, etc. -
Stmr Centennial,' Strand, Seattle. -:
Stmr San Pedro, Petersen, Eureka and Grays
Harbor. . --,'$ '¦ ¦-. • ¦•" " -
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino. -
Stmr, Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay. '
' f Stmr Brunswick, • Johnson, Fort ¦ Bragg.
' Stmr Centralla, Erlckson, Grays Harbor. .
Br stmr Lothian, Williamson, -Hongkong, etc.
Bark R P Rlthet, McPhall, Honolulu.
Whaling bark -California, Joseph, whaling.
' Schr O M . KsllogK, Iversen,* Grays Harbor.
Schr ' El Dorado, Smith; . Port" Gamble.
'. SPOKEN. - -I ', -
Oet 22, lat SO : S. Ion 37 WT. 'Ger ahlp Syl
phlde, hence Aug 4, for H,ull. .. . . . . :
. Nov 27,' off Citnituck, ship Hawaiian . Isles,
from -.Honolulu,' for New York. 1 .<••-¦ . "
Oct 30, -lat.2S N.lon 128 W, Brbark" Ket
burn. from San Diego, for Adelaide. **¦ j '-'
-TELEGRAPHIC. ;',. .?, \-
POINT LOBOS, Dec -2. 10 j? m— Weather
hasyrwlnd NE.' velocity 6 mills per hour.'
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
TATOO6H— Passed out Dec 2— Jap stmr Rlc-
Jun'Maru, from Seattle, for Yokohama; bark
Hesper,. from Tacoma. , for San Pedro; Br ship
Port Stanley, from Chemainus, - for" Taltal* '
,WESTPORT— Arrived , Dec • • 2— Sdhr '¦ West
port, hence 1 from Astoria. ... i,*,
ALBERNI— Passed Dec 2— Stmr Queen City,
from Victoria.."" v • ¦ '
FORT -BRAGG — Arrived Deo 2— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 1. ¦¦'¦".,-. ¦ ,;
. PORT .TOWNSEND— Arrived c Deo 2— Stmr
Hyades, ; from - Victoria: ! Br bark i Beechbank.
from Santa Rosalia. - ' ,. : . »•- ..
Sailed Dec 2— Br shiD Port Stanley, from
Chemainus,' for.^Taltal. . • " • -: :-\ •« « ,>-. •/
vi.TACOMA^rArrived Dec 2— Stmr Aztec, hence
Dec 23; stmr : Hyades,'. from Hongkong :
Sailed Dec 2-r-Br ship • fJeottish Moors ; for
Queenstown; gtmr Leelanaw, ' for f San Fran
cisco. :- -?- - : . . ¦>.-. -^,. .:,-.¦¦ , .- , '
8AN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr .'• Francis
H Leggett. hence Nov 30; schr Alvena. • from
Columbia River./ v - • vv - -: - f ...^ »,-
Dec -2— Schr Columbia., from TBal
lard; bark Haydn Brown, from" Astoria; 'stmr
fourth time column gives the la«t tide of the
dav except when there ar> but three tides, aa
sometime- occurs. - The betehU «W«^ are .m
addition to th- soundings of the United btates
Coast Survev charts, except when- a minus (—»
slg^i precedes the height, and then the. number
giVcn Is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. >. '. .'
to arrive. .
Steamer. From. '.• . 1 Due. ;
G. Llndauer. . Portland! A Astoria.... (Dec. 3
Del Norte . ; . . Crescent City .'.:..... | Dec. 3
Edith Seattle |D— . 3
Kureka. ...... Humboldt ...ir>\.. 3
Point Arena.. Mendoclno A' Pt ArenaJDec. 3
S. Kcsa. San Diego & . Way Pts 'Dec. 3
Uraatilla : i Puget. Sound Ports |L»ec. 3
laqua Humboldt .;"". ...'...".. ..Dec. 3
Chlco ccqullle River.,. ...... .|Dec. 4
Abydos../r... Hamburg & Way Port9[Dec. 4
M: Dollar .Portland & Astoria.... . 'Dec. . 4
Pomona Humboldt . ...Dtc. 4
Bonita... -Newport A Way Ports. Djc. 4
W. Kruger... Tacuma ...Dec. 5
Leelanaw Taroma' ............... Dec. 6
Chehalls Grays Harbor |Dec. «
R. Dollar San Pedro |Dec. «
S. Monica. . . . Grays Harbor .*. . .";. v. ..|Dee. 6
Columbia Portland &- Astoria... .IDec. 6
J. Dollar Seattle &¦ Tacoma ...".|Dec. '6
Spokane Humboldt .........' IDec 7
Rainier '. Seattle & .Whatcom.-. ..[Dec. 7
State of Cal. San Dlcgp & Way PortsjDec. 7
Czarina...... Coos Bay ; I. ..*..-... [Dec. 8
Arcata... ;... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfordl Dec. 8
North Fork... Humboldt ...:.. |Dec. 8
Queen Puget .Sound Ports. ...IDec. 8
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Port* Dec. 8
Coronado . . . . . Grays Harbor Dec. »
San Jcse... .. i New Tork via Panama. Dec. 10
G W." Elder.. Portland &. Astoria.;.. Dec. 11
Alliance... J.. Portland & Way. Pxjrts. Dec. 11
Doric....- China & Japan :..,. Dec. _ 12
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor . . .... . ..|Dec. 12
Senator...... Puget Sound Ports;..". .(Dec. 13
Centennial.... Seattle' & Tacoma... ..| Dec. 13
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship China, Captain Friele, put in an
unexpected appearance yesterday after/
noon, having made the run from Hono
lulu .in five days ami fourteen hours.
Quarantine inspection, in spite of the
fact that the liner had on board more
than 400 passengers, detained her only
about thirty-five minutes, and she was
alongside her berth at the Pacific Mail
dock by 5 o'clock.
The .China brought a email cargo,
only^ l'SOtbns. and stood higher out *>t
the water than she usually appears
coming into port. Of passengers she
brought 417, divided as follows: Xinety
eight in the cabin, 37 steerage, 122 Japa
nese and 160 Chinese. She brought lit
tle silk and ho opium, but in her strong
room carried treasure valued at $350,000.
Lieutenant F. L. Sandoz of the navy,
who with his wife was a passenger
on the liner, came from the Asiatic sta
tion in charge of a number of sick jack
les. . Lieutenant Sandoz was attached
to the Kentucky, and when he boarded
the China at Kobe was accompanied by
as many of the flagship's . officers as
could get away. Ab the China passed
the Kentucky the. crew, lined the rails
and in ringing cheers gave proof of the
lieutenant's popularity, while the flag
ship's band contributed "Home, Sweet
Home" to as .fine a send-off as was ever
tendered to a young officer by his ship
mates. Sandoz is said to have been
one of the best liked on the
Asiatic station, and on board the China
every passenger was his friend. He
speaks with glowing pride of Admiral
Evans aVd the discipline on the Asiatic
station generally, and on the Kentucky
in particular. On the' Kentucky, he
said, Fighting Bob's enthusiasm had so
leavened the ship's personnel that fric
tion had been eliminated and the ship's
affairs, almost fan themselves. After
leaving the men In his care at Mare
Island the lieutenant will proceed to
his home in Louisiana, :
i Colonel A; Mackenzie, ; Major H. B.
Moon and Captain G. W. ;Read, who
were on the board of army officers sent
to Honolulu to select a site for a per
manent, army post, returned " on the
China. ' > . 0 ¦ " ' : - \
Another passenger was jj. T. - Golds
borough, chief engineer "of the i coast
survey steamship Pathfinder. He Is on
his way East to join another ship, but
which one he does not know. The Path
finder is surveying, the waters of '.the
Philippines, and - Goldsborough . says
that there would be* fifty years'. .work
before her if she, remained in, that part
of the world until the surveying in con?
templation r has been completed.- .• ;
G.. Nederland^ Commissioner; to j the
St. Louis Exposition' from the Philip
pines, was* a" passenger ' on' the. liner.
Two. FilipinowrTived on the China and
will be sent ro Los Angeles to johuthe
band* of- students' -that arrived a few
weeks ago.' ' • . " > - :' ¦
J.' R. Harry," port steward of. the .Pa
cific Mail Company, * returned - on the
China. He left here on the Siberia' and
has been playing passenger for the pur
pose of flnding : out-\Yhe^e the service in
his department could be improved. /
The China encountered "fine, weather
throughout the; passage: .Her/ passen
gers included the following named:/ •,
A. • Agular. ¦ MIs« C. • M. Chllcott. A. 1 Cohn.
Mn. Dudley, • F. t- E>. '- Fernald, . Walter . Fulker
eon T. Fumkawa, J. T. Goldsborough; Mies
A. Harris. • T.''Hasegama, Miss B. Hochheimer;
Denta Hurley. H.'Kono. jF.B. ¦ Morse/. F» • A.
Newell. M. Otapama. E. F. Robhins and eer,
vant. Mies : Theodore Robblns,- J. H. Harry. • - A;
R. Sargent. r T. . Suzuki,' Miss Emma Thursby,
Mrs. J. It. Thurston; A. Feale, - Un. - V^ M.
Hatch. A. 'Lewis Jr., M: Walton, "Mrs: Bradford
Newman. Hxb. > F. Lawrence. Mr*. -H.: H. Gars
tln. Colonel A. Mackenzie, -Charles -Clark Dr
J. W. Amasee. Mlsa M ; Chllcott. Miss L. 6ohri
Charles A. Edwards.. Miss M.' J. Fraser, Mas
ter . B. Fulkerson, Rev. P. • H."-. ! Gardner H
Harris, Muter H. Harris. M. . Hociihelmef/ E.
Iballo. H. D. Lamsher Miss Yu Moy. - Miss
K. Newell; R.- F. - Pearce, * Mnr.-fB. F. ' Rob
b!ns,. D. J.. Ryan, ; UeuUnant .F.- L. Sandoz,
1224 lb» yellow metal, .1 pkga nails. 3 cyls
gas, 18.461 ft hardwood, 251 bxs soap. 84
pkgs paper. • • . ¦ . •
Movements of Steamers.
United States Xavy; C. S Sarpent, Rev.' C.
B. Tennr, Miss Ina Thursby Major G. Wy
landt. V.\ H. Wilburn. Mrs. J. J. Cprell and
infant, C M. Walton. Dr. Watt Ray Thorna?,
D. J. McKay Master Garstln Major H. B.
Moon, M. U' ApplegaK-. C: Walter Clifton.
Miss P. Conn. Mrs Charles A. Edwards and
child. "Rev. E. R." Fulkerson "Master R. Ful
kerson A. H . G. Gllmore. Mrs". H. : Harris.
Master Oro .Harris Mrs. M. Hochhelroer . C:
R. Hord Miss F. Klncald. Miss Morrison'. Tv
J. Murphy. Dr. G. Niederlein. H. G. Touting,
Miss Anna A. Robbins. Harry Riley, Mrs. F.
I.. ¦ Saaidoz. W. Morgan Shuster Dr. Thomp
son. Miss May O'Keefe. F. M. Hatch, Mies
\V Murey Mrs. C ; M. Walton Bishop C. M.
Williams. Mrs. N. 1^. IJopper. Southard Hoff
man Jr., P. M. I.ansdale. Captain H. W. Reed.
Miss Ij. Hochheimer, Rev. J; L. Thurston. '
Big. Freighter Coming Here.
The British steamship Oanfa left Yokohama
for this port November 2S, and. it- is asserted,
is coming here under charter to the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company. The Oanfa
is an SWXMon freighter, with a cargo. carrying
capacity of more than 12,000 tons. She be
longs to Holt's "blue funnel" line...- >
Advices from Dodwel! & Co., Pacific Coast
agents, of the Alfred Holt' fleet, - with head
quarters at Tacoma, of which' the steamship
Oanfa is on*, say that she has not been char
tered by any company.- They state the Oanfa
1s regularly employed In the Liverpool -Tacoma
line.. She has space for 6000 tons ¦ unoccupied
which the Occidental line wanted and terms
were made for her to carry this cargo to San
Francisco, alter which she will come to Ta
coma as usual. ' ¦
Fifteen passengers who started from
Seattle on November 21, 1903. for San
Francisco on the steamship .Centennial
filed a* libel yesterday in' the United
States District' Court against the ves
sel.and. the Charles Nelson Company,
claiming $7620 damages.
The complaint tells a strange Jtory
of bad treatment on the part of the
second cabin stewards. All the pas
sengers tell practically the same story
under oath to the effect that they had
paid IS each for second cabin, pas
sage from Seattle to San' Francisco,
srood beds and meals being promised
in the advertisement. Daniel Good's
complaint is a fair sample of the rest.
It is as follows:.
"VThat during said voyage this libelant. Daniel
Good, was refused any bedding, blankets and
covfrlnsr to be used during the "nights ''and
was furnished no pillows, but was offered In
the D!ace and stead thereof. a lite preserver
for a pillow, and on Wednesday, the 115th of
November, the last day of the voyage, libelant
was unable to obtain any drinking water or
water- for washing his face and hands, and
that throughout the voyage the stench In the
mejs hair was' so unbearable as to ccuse libel
ant to become sick and unable to eat. and
during the whole voyage the food was of the
worst quality and not decently prepared and
was wholly unfit for use or consumption. And
the sleeping quarters were erected fpm up
rights of wood with strips of canvas hung
horizontally thereon, and the sleeper's quarters
were erected so near the toilet as to causa
disagreeable and unhealthy odors to permeate
the' whole premises. That notwithstanding at
this time there were plenty of unoccupied
berths In the second cabin and plenty of
blankets and covertne that might have been
utilized, that when . the steward ., was ap
proached by libelant touching afato -concerning
the furnishing of blankets and nifc?Ji8V ) libelant
wag informed that he coul<l h£^ur tne same
by payinc $3 therefor. That mo*j. than . one
hundred passengers were crowded 3^; the one
room; • ¦ • * .'
That durln* the whole voyage HbUant was
Ill-treated and subjected ta numerdfcs, Indig
nities and four dogs were placed In/hs same
apartments as libelant. % ' :
>/A. G. Micheels complains that he had
a narrow shelf to sleet^ on. with
a life preserver for a- pillow; that he
was obliged to pay the steward $1 for
a berth, and that a soiled, patched and
ill-smelling piece of bed ticking was
furnished as a table cloth. '*{
Harry Thompson, another libelant,
deposes that when he accused the stew
ard of "grafting" that official replied.
"Yes, that's my business. What do you
suppose I'm here for?" j-
Joseph Liflyn complains that on the
fourth day of the voyage there was no
drinking water to be had.
E. Gilbert, David F. Ruff and other
passengers ' depose that . they were
obliged to pay 25 cents additional for
each meal furnished them by the wait
er in the captain's cabin, the second
cabin food being unfit to eat. •
Arthur H. Barendt and William P.
Hubbard ars attorneys for the libel
ants.- .
Ocmplain That They Had No
Bedclothes and Tha!; the
Food Was Uneatable.
Pacific MaiT Company's Liner Arrives 'After a Fast Run ffrqm
Bringing a Small Cargo but More Than .iQO- Passengers and^Treasure
Valued at $350,-000- — Getis Quick Dispatch f;rom Quarantine Officials
Indignant Passengers
Libel the Steamer
CentenniaL
UGLY CHARGES
TO BE TRIED
STEAMSHIP CHINA FROM THE ORIENT
PUTS IN UNEXPECTED APPEARANCE
TUESDAT. DECEMBER 1
BEAXi ESTATE T3ANSACTI0NS.
John McCarthy to Ana Donwaa, re-reeor4
Jl« D. 385. W line of Polk Btreet, 4«:6 S of
Green. S 23 by W 64:6: $10.
Charles A. and Lucy J. Morton to Rosalind
Schneider (wife of Samuel), lot on S line of
Auettn avenue. 175 W cf Franklin atreet. W
»* by S <JC: $10. " V - .
Same to Joseph Horn, lot on B IlBjof Austin
tvenue. 145 \V cf Franklin etreet. W a0 by S
K Albert and Charlctta Wilford to John Hoist,
i'-t on W line of Union stre* t, S. :<T E of W eb
fter. E 25 by N 100; $10.
•I>a\is and Rosa Kouff to Alfred T%. Morgen
etern. lot en X Jlne or OTarrell street. 10u TV
of Fill mere. W 55. N 1S7:«,-E 17:6. N 6. E
37:«\ S U3:6; $10.
Marie Men to Mary A. cr\d EHea J. Mcln
ernty. lot on S line of Oak street, 121:3 W of
Seott. W- M> by S 137 :*>; $10.
S-'mlth O'Brien to Emily M. O'Bri«n. lot on
K. 'ine of Baker street. l(>0:4H "J of Washlnr
toi> S 25 hy B 1W:3; Sift.
. Philip DoIIard to Hermann and Elizabeth
Hackfeld lot on N line of Jlayes street, 150
K ol Central avenue. K 25 by N 137:0; $10.
Francis L. Glemscr to Hedwig Glemser, lot
on S line of California street. 8b:5 W of Lyon,
V :* by S 1C0; "gift. .
Donna T.. Horn t« Eleanor M. > ulicevlch.
l<t on i? line of Frederick Ftreet, 325 W of
(Ikj-ton, W.a hy S'i:t7:6; J10.
J'ureka Laundry 'Company to Metropolitan
laundry Company. Xot on SW line of Tenth
street 150 SE of Fol*om. SE 80 by SW O0: $lo.
(.•harles A. and Adeline L. Meyers to Mary
K Potter (wife of Stephen) and Ella N.
Wijrht «wtfe of Frank. J.). lot on SW line of
Ninth etreet.. 212:6 SE of Harrison, S 37:6 by
SW 100; «0. '1,1;
St. Nicholas Laundry Company to Metropoli
tan Laundry Company, lot on N line of Seven
teenth street. 145 E of Folsom. E 75 by N 100;
J«nW K. Scott to.Georpe F. Lynch, lot on
W lire of Mission street. 133 N of Twenty
f.i-«t N 24 by W 00: .$10.
Marl* and A. Derre to Ltusia Bigr.ottl (one
halO. Frederick J.. Ida. Mary. John and Jo
eephlne Bisnottl <.one-ha!f). lot on S line of
Seventeenth street. 2CS:5Vi W of Guerrero, S
75. EW 25. W 25, N 100. E 25:4%; flO.
James O'Connor to Thomas and Margaret
Culr.a. lot en N line of Sixteenth street. 125
W of Landers. W 25 by N C3:«; $10.
Charlc* A.' Muiler to Kathertna Muller. lot
o-i W line of Fclsom street, 170 X cf fwenty
flilrd N 45 by W 122:6; Rift.
Jamc* H. and Lillie A Anderson to
r.dwin C. Hatch. l<Jt on N line of Twenty-third
street. 97 :« XV of Folscm. TV 25 by N C3; $10.
Jrhn and Catherine Leahy to Patrick Nolan.
let on N line of Clipper street, 127:2 W of Do.
lores. W 25 by N 114: $10. •
Karl ard Hulda Yryrve to Herbert G. Spots
rood lot on E line t>t Douplass street. 2*5 N
r.f Nineteenth. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Mary P.
Park*. Jot eta N'W ecrner of Pacific and San
f.r>rfif Etreets. N 33:10H by TV 07:6; J1O.
Same to Fame, lot on NW" corner of Pacific
¦nd SensCine Streets. N ."U:*»i by \V C7:<J; $10.
• William and Mary E. Tracy to Charles Jant
y»n. lot en NW corner of North Point and Dii
pom streets. N 1S7:C by W 137 :«; $10. \
David end Celia Zelinsky end Jeremiah A.
and Nrllie M. Deneen to P. George Gotv, lot
on P line of Post street, 137 :G W of Mason, W*
S?:H fey f= lS7-:6: *1O.
Estate of SilJs M. Locke ctv Jo^lah H- LocKe.
udminii-tratori to Gustav Sutro. lot on X line
of Eddy street. 137-.6 E of Taylor, E CS:9 by N
1.75 0: $132.0CN)
Joseph T. Ei'.va to Alice E. Eilva, lot on N
line of Filbert street. 103:l>J E of Hyde. . E
S.4:4H by K 137:6; rift.
Ht-nry and Jiinnie B. Slegele to P. Michelet
ti, lot on W line of Hyde etreet. 65 S of Union.
£ 2<l. TV €*». S 40. TV 20. M 60. E 80; J10.
Natale Vannl to Ellen Vannl. lot on N line
«¦>• Pacific Etreet, 10S:S E of Larkin, E 28:8 by
N flO; 910. ¦ . - "
TV. P. Dwyer to William J. Yor#. lot en SE
line of Minna street, -3D5 XE of Third. NB 40
by PF SO; »10.
Marie L.^ Mackay to Henry P. Umbsen. lot
on E oorn*r of 'Market .snd Fourth streets, E
J7.V SE 170, E\V ITS. KV 170; $10.
Clarence H. and Kathrine D. Mack^ay .to
*£mt. Mm»; $10.
Henry P. Ursbsen to Market Street Company
<a corporation), fame.; $10.
* Thomas and Delia "McGInnls to eame, 776 and
tTfi'fc Market, deed ana assignment, quitclaim
<See* : $io.
. G. B. Antoninl. B. Devlncenzl and P. Canepa
to Kame. 3, 5 And 7 Fourth street, deed arid as- '•
rijmnient, quitclaim deed; $10.
Minna. Meese apd'B. Marcus Albers to same. |
2S4 and 286 Stevenson street and 19 and 1»H !
.rvurth street, deed assignment, quitclaim
deefl. flO. '
Peter and Mary McArdle to same. 7S5 and
7*7- Market street and 1 Fourth street, deed
*n<l assignment, 'quitclaim deed: $10.
Pacific Laundry Company <eorporaticn) io ;
Metropolitan .Laundry Company, lot on SB line ¦
of Natcma street. -175 XE of Fourth. SE 75, I
SE 90, SW 60, NW 10. RW 25, NW SO: $10. I
Estate of Ellas M. Locke (by Josirh H. I
Ix>cke. administrator) to John C Ehipp, un- ]
divided H of lot on SW line of Third street, i
137 '6 NW of TowTisen«. NW 137:6 by SW
lCf>; ?2O.OO0. - • '
Jr>hn C. a.ad Lilian M. Ehlpp to rannle P.
Famrworth. undliided *j same; $10.
Max. «.lla» M. and Sarah AT>ram» to Sylvala ¦
Kchnaittacher. lot on STJ line of Xatorr.a etreet, '
2T-0 NE of Sixth. NE -25 by BE 75; $10.
Empire liaundry Company to
Metropolitan Laundry Company, lot or. E cor
ner of Bryant and Morris streets, XE 75 by
SB 75; $10.
. James Kearney to .Cornelius Kodden, lot oa
FH line of Natoma. street. 175 • NE of Ninth.
NE 25 by PE"75; $10.
FMeherd Lauxerr to William J. Henry, -lot
on W iine of Vermont street, 225 N of Tolo,
°N 25 by W 100; $1000.
John, Davidson to John Center, lot on SW
rntner or Fifteenth street and Potrero avenue,
5 HO, W 100. S 30. W 100, N 170, E 200; $10.
David Frledenrlch to same, lot- on Xff cor
ner of Sixteenth street and Potrero avenue, X
230, TV 100. N 30. W 100, S 2B0, E 20O; $10
Catherine'' F. and Thomas L. Hill to Wil
liam J. Boxrir.an.n. lot on W line of Seventh
% venue, 100 N.of Lake etreet, N £5 by W 114;.
««. . •
John D. Waleox to A- C. Freeman and
Oeorte E. Bates. 1226 D. SI3. lot on STV cor
ri>r of Lake street and Eighteenth avenue, W
.29:«. EE 40:7. N to beginaln*; also lot on SW
corner of California street and Sixteenth ave
rue. W 29:9. EE 43:10. N 32:4; also lot on
FW corner of B street and Thirteenth avenue,
W 33:11 SE 220:2. N 217:7 to beffinninB; also
W en SW corner of 'Sixth avenue and P etreet
TV 120 by 6 COO; also lot on E corner of Six
teenth, avemie and North Q street. S 42:10.
E 2S5, N 29:4,' W. 255:6; also lot on XE cor
ner of Q etreet and Fifteenth avenue, E 206:10
N 14:7, W 207:11. S 25:8; also lot bednnine
T,K<5 N of Lake street -and 120:6 E of Seventh
•venue, SW 307:6. NE 39:5H. NE 75. E 223;
«lso lot bednnipgr 1T1.60 N from SW corner
of Mountain >.Lake Park Reser\-atlon. NW
40 1f/» chains/ SW 407.88 feet, SE .40 chains,
NW 11.65- chains, NW 6.87 chains. N — to
Mountain Lake,- SE 117 feet; SE 70.4 feet,
NE 94:09 feet, SE 241:06 feet, NB 117 feet.
RS.717 feet, NW 26.40 feet, NE 407.SS feet to
• hrinnln*. quitclaim deed; $10.
William J. Gnr.n and Geors* T." Mary* Jr.
<J«'Mary A. Gardiner, lot oa E lln» of Eleventh
¦l^•er.ue. 200 N or Clement street. N 60 by E
Florentine and Juan Aucer to same, same;
HO..-. -
Mary A. Gardiner' to Frank L. H. and Min
nie C. Perel, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,
225 N of Clement street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Leopold Weil to Edward and Sarah Weil,
lot 'on N Jlne of Point Lobo« avenue, GO W'
of Fifteenth avenue. W 75 by N 100; also lot
on. K line of Seventh avenue, 250 S of C street,
6 75 by E 120; $1. . .
Elizabeth Sqriven to Marsaret A. Skelly.
lot on E line of Thlrtj--»econd- avenue, 250 N
of Pcir.t Lnbop avenue, N 25 by E 120; $10.
.Tojseph Bishop to Solomon Getz, lot. on E
line of Forty-tourtb avenue, 170 S*of B street,
*¦«> by K 12O; $10. -
TJalrh H. Boone to J. TV. Wrlrht & Sons'
Investment Comr*riy, lot -en E line of Thlrty
/eventh avenue. 200 N of C street, X 25 by E
:i£0: $10.
* .*rthwr G. and Sylvia K. Merleourt to Emma,
L. Men-lit and W. R. H. Adamson (executors
of the estate of Adolph Rutro), lot on NE
*orner of Forty-seventh avenue and D street,
E 32:6 by JC 100; $10. ;•-.•;
Solomon and Dora Getz to Emma F. Dua
rellf, lot on W line of Forty-elrhth avenue,
P7.-« N of M Btreet. N 25 by -W 114; $10. ¦
' Ixnils and Hsttle Straus to Isaac Strass
hurgrer. lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth ave
nu* and P street, W.240 by X 600; $6000.
Solomon and Dora Gctx to Fred J. Farro,
lot on N line of Q street. 57:6 E of Forty
second avienue, E 75 by. N 100; $10. . . ¦ •
H. K. Eells to Lloyd II. and William C.
Patterson. l«rt on XE line of Elrhth avenue
SouUi. 100 SE of X street. EE 100. by XD.100;
$1*».
Amelle JjQ rhrr.si.Ti to Rmanuel Lewis Invest
reent Ootnrwny. lot on E corner • of Brazil and
Misrinn («tvw.- NE • 75. SE 83 :«, XE 125, BE
ino. .SW 200. NW 1S3:C, block 2, . Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
< -THE r. SANr FRANCISCO VCALLi DECEMBER : 3, 1903.
SCHOONER ALICE COOKE, WHICH WAS DAMAGED BY FIERCE GALES AND LEAPING SEAS AND CAME
INTO THIS PORT TUESDAY NIGHT IN A DISMANTLED* CONDITION TO. MAKE REPAIRS BEFORE RE
SUMING HER VOYAGE TO HONOLULU. '. " - , . . .
12
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'1 rain* leuve i*n>l »r« dut tu »rri »• mk
?»A>i K^ANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of »Ur'<et Street ) -
!¦«»»« — KaoM yoTK3i»«»a. i:<a. — 1M m
74K)a v«c»Ti!ie. Winter*. Kain.ey T5S?
. J.UJv Bealcta. Sulsuu. Elmir»ma S*crv
mentu 7.Z&*
7.53* Vatlejo. X»pa. Calt»tf>jx Snatm
llo»m. Marttnez. Baa U:tmon S-2S?
7-30* M!es, Llrermore,- Tracy, Lntarop. .
Stoctron : 7-25*
800 « Sh«*t» KTpress— (Via Dvrl*-.
Wtlllam; (for Cartlet* Spriajs).
Wlll»w«. +Kruto, Ued IUuR.
Portl*uil. Tacdina. Seattle 7-SSr
H 00 » DotIi. Wnv«l!and. K nlffht* Lnnillax.
% M»rj»r!i!e. Or-jTi:i« 7 5or
8 30* Poft Costa. Marti.ier. Aotlxcb.
Brron. Tracy. Stociton, Nc.w-
Di'iia. L"» lUttu*. SlenJutt.
Artnona.' llaufurrt. VI sal I a.
Purtrr*:i!e 4.25v
830* Port C««r!». SUrtlae^. Tracy. Lata-
ro;>. ilodeslo. MerceJ. Fresno,
Aosbon Juortron. Han ford.
Vtsalia. IS»!teT«lle!d 453»
8-30* Kt!e«. 8aa Juw, Livermore. Scoclc-
ton. (tMIItun). lone. StcrummM,
PiacerTtlls. ' MarjsTtils, i fclo, •
Ked ninff 4-23*
I 30* Oalcdale. Chinese. Jame»wwn. So-
noM. Tnolumne and Anjels 4-25? .
9 00a Atlantic Express— OgilemndE**!; 1125a
S.30a Richmond-. Martinez aad Way
Stations 8 55i>
10 00a The OTerland Limttea — Ogden.
Denrer.-Omaha. CUlc»tfo. 6 25?
1000a Vallejo 122a»
10.09a Los Anirele* Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinet, By.roa, Tracy.
Lntarop. Stockton. Merced. • .
UaymoBf). Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Har.ford. Lemoorn. Visalla.
Bakersfleld. Lo* Angeles 7.J3*
If .00« Baywurd. Nllen and Way Stations.' 3 2i"
fi.COr 8*crirae«to RlTer Steamers. til. OOr .
hZQr Benlcla. TViaters. Sacratnento.
Woodland. Katgbts Landing.
MarfSTUle. Orortlle and way
itatlons..... 10Wa
SJOp Hay ward. Nll«i and Way SUtlons.. 7i5#
3 30r Port Cot ta. Mart'.aez. Byroa,
Traey. Latarop. Modeito.
Merced. Fres^a aad Way Sta-
tions hey ond Port Costa 12 25*
S.30r Manlnex. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4 00p Marti nei,Sani:amon.ValieJo,Kapa.
Caltstoga. Santa Husa. 9-25*
4 OOr XUea. Tracy, Stockton. Lodl 4.2op
4.30r Hayward, Kile*, lrTlngtoa, Saal t8.£5*
Jose. Lt»ennore } t 11.55a
ZCOr The Owl Limited— Kewmm. Los
Banos. Mrndot*. Fresno. Tolare,
BakersSeld. Loa Angalsa 8. 55 a
E.COr Port Coita. Tracy. Stockton 12.2SP
tS30r Hayward. Nllea aad Saa Joae 7.2S*
6. OOr Tlayward. 5tlesand Saa Joa« 9-SOA
SCOr Eastern Express— Opden. Dearer.
Omaha, St. Leals. Chicago and
Eatt. Port Costa. Beatcla, Sal-
tan. Elmlra, Darts, Sacramento,
¦ Roeklta. Auburn. Colfax.
Tmckee.. Boca, Hen*. Wad*
¦ worth. Wlnnemucca . 5-2*p
§.0Sf Tallejo, daily, except Sunday.... I 7 R e-
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '¦° aw
7-DOr Ulcbmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
. • ¦ Martinez and Way Stations. ..... 11. 25*
IC5r Cresoa * California Kxare«s— Baa- ¦
t. ¦ ¦ .. ranteoto, Marysville, Reddtag.
Portlaad.PugetSoaad and East. 855a
9-IOp Hayward. Nllea and8an Jsse (3«a-
dayoaly) IIUi
COAST LINE <Jtarr»w Uaa S »j-
(Kent of Market Street.) ¦ .
8.15a Newark. Ocnterrllle. San Jose,
Frlton. Boula«r Creek, Santa
Crnx and Way Statloaa. 5 S3*
tt.lip Newark. Ceatenrtlle. San Jo«a.
Hew Alm«4en. Lo« G i to«. Tr; ton. !
- BonMer Creak. Santa' Cru and
Principal Way Stations f 10-55*.
4-1S> Rewark. Saa Jose, LosGatoa aad t +8.S6 «
- . waystatlona I HO 55 *
O9 30r Banters Trnln. 9stnraa7 only. San
Jose acd Way Station*. Return-
ing from Los Gatos Sunday only. i7 25»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rro» SAN H4A.N CISCO, toot of M*rket at. (SlIpO
— ri:» t:fl0 11:09 a.m. 100 300 5.15 P.X.
From OAKLAND. Foot of BroaJway — t*:U» U:CM
t8:05 10:n0A.M. 12-00 2-CO 400 p.m.
COAST LINE <Uroa« iiaaxet.
j3y ( Tnlrd and Tawaiend Streets.)
6-10a San Jose and Way Stations 630p
700 a San Jo«e and Way Station* 5.33P
t 00a New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only>. 4.10r
ICOa CoastLlne Limited — Stops only S»n
Joae. Gilroy (eenaectlon far Hol-
linter). Pajaro. Castroriiie. 3»-
linaa. 8aa Ardo, Paso Kohl«<
EanuMargarl ta. San Lots Obis p<\
B Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lom?oc) princi-
pal' stations theacR Santa Car-
Dara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion -at CastroTtll» to and from -
Monterey and Paelnc Grore 19-i3r
aa Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitol*.
8antaCraz,PAelacftroTe,S*ltaaa,
San- Luis Obl*p« and Prlnclyat
Way SUtlons 4-13*
1040a Ean Jose aad Way SUtlons 1-20*
11.20a Santa Clara. San Joie, Los Gatoa
and Way SUtlons 7.30
1-3CP SsaJone and Way SUtlons .._.... >.i&A
iXOi- PaelflcGr»veKxpress— SantaCTar*
Ean Jose. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connecU at Ssnta
Clara for Santa Crnx. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gaage Points)
at Gilroy for Hollister. Tres
Plnns. st CastrnTlJle for Salinas. 1J.1S»
3^0p Tres Plnos Way Passenger 11045a
14 4 or tin Jwf. (via Santa Clara) Los . - .
Oatos, and Principal Way Si.»-
tloas (except Sonday) t912*
{SZOr SanJaieandPrlacipalWayStatlons t8-0UA
6-tOr Snaset Limited.— Kedwocd. San
Jote. GI!roy.Sallnas,Paso Kol>l»s.
Saa Luis Obispo. nnata Barbara,
Los Angeles. Iteming, El Paso*
New Orleans. Xew Tork. Con- - ' •- ¦ "
• nects at Tajaro for Santa Crux .
and at CaatroTillr. for Pacific *.
Grove and Way Stations.. 7.10a
ICISp EattMateu.Beresford,Belmoai.8aa
Carlos. Itedwood. Talr Oaks. - - - \ .
MenloTark. Palo Alto tB-43*
f.JOr 8sn Jose and Way Su lions. 6 38*
11 .30p bou'h San Franelsco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont.
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
I •¦ ¦ Menlo Park, and Palo AJto 9 45?
«11-30p SUyflf M. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, SanU CIsra and
t - '-.. ¦ San. Jose... t9.4S>
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon
JSuadajr aaly.
< S top* at all stations on Snaday. I
t Sunday excepted. « Saturday ealy.
VOnly trains stopptng at Valencia St. «ou:a>»9»4
sre»:10AJl..7:0OA.K., ll:3»AJl..»:iap.M.aad «:30p.ja>
— — to san rafaeu
rossValley,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via SausaJito Ferry.
Suburban S«rvlce7 Standard Gauge S^ctric-.
Depart from San FrMcUcoD«»»»r-»-.'g »:jy
»:00. 10:00. ll:C0 a, m.. 1?£. V.T< \ ,J,
5:15 . 6:15. 7:00. 8:4V »0^°L^i'Vp^NCisCO
FROM SAN KAFAEL TO SANFRA-NCi^u
T^SAN FRAX.
7:05.'J>:0O. I^PJ.", tkaINS.
R0O m daiIy--Cazadero and way stations.
|:» p <m- w«k days (Saturdays excepted)-
T ?^ tf fct!i^a-Jl«>- way .t*-
"sunday. only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad way
"^VrKET OFFICE— KM Market st
?IR^-T^lon Pepct foot ft M»rfc>t st.
MEN ANDWO&lElt,
«<3£xOT£rKE^£*0 CtoBigOfornnnatnral
diacharges.lnflaiusaations.
ifiB Owu'"* B Irritations or ulc.ratiooj
jm« b.i i» <ul»tor». of mucous mamoranos.
Ek i| rr***ata €««ta«H«. painUsf, and not aitrla*
BfrTiT'HHEM''aCHEM!CllD}. c»nt or poi.onons.
B-S.A. >§Sr 0T Mnt in » UIn W I5"? T :
-NSm»fc^ bT exprMS, pr«p%ld, tit
tl.OO. or 3 bottles t3.7S.
v^g$gg2P*'tr ** Circular (tot oa mKit
I 8ALIF0RNIA h
P LlffiliTED TO CHI8AG0 6
n Leaves Mondays and Thursday* ,
n at O:2O a. m., through In 3 days* I '
¦ with diner and alt trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
o. : tJ? *• "*' I for Stockton. Fresno, BaV«rsSeId»
6:0J?.'mif Merced, Hanford and Viaalia.
4.C0 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aal
Chicago.
Ticket Office: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. I*. Also 1112 Brcad-var, Oak-
land, Cal. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FflANCISlO AN j NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburca ferry, root ol Market Street.
SAH rHANClSCO TO SAN SATASL.
WEEK UAYS — 7:W. 9:<X>. ll:0ua.m.: 12:».
3:30. 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:.TO, 11:00 a. m.: l:3O. 3:30,
8:0C, 6:20. 11:30 P- m.
BAH EAPASL TO SAU PEABTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS- 6:05. 7:35. 7:60. 9:-*0. 11:14
a. m. : 12:50, 3:40. 3:0O. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:10. 11:15 a.m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I Sect. 27, 1903. |San Franciaio.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- j Sun- 1 Week
Days. ( daya. | tlon. | day*, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
0:30 a Iffnaeio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
'3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ' 7:35 p
7:30 a ¦ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:ft0a Novato. . 10:4OalO:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaiuma 6:C5p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa.
7:30 a 10:40 a^l0:20 a
8:C0a Fulton. 7:33p|«:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p ¦ ¦ - I «¦ "
' Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Heal.l-burs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. . - -
7:30 al 8:00 al ~Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 pf and Uklah. | ":S3p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00a| . Wllllta. |7:35pt6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a(10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Gucrnevllte. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0:10 al S:40a
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen.- 1 6:05 p| «:20 p
7:30a| 8:C0a| - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:35 p! 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Eprings; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
gervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boone viile and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvltle, Carlsbad Sprinss. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Bprlnjts. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Pouer Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lterly's.
Buckncll's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willlta for Fort Bragg.
.¦Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
een'a. Dyer. . Garbervllle, Pepp*rwood. Scotta
arid Eureka. . / . —
Saturday to Sunday round-triD ticket* at re-
duced rates. , - .
On Sunday round-trip tickets to ¦ all points
beyond San Rafael at ><alf rates. - .
Ticket offlce. 630 Market street,' Chronic!*
building.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. ' Manarer. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
Mi". Tamalpais Railway
Leave - Tia Siutu't* ?ott ~ Arrive ¦
San Frandsce t**l *f Hirktt fc San Francisco
Week Sun- hb , San- Week
Day*. da>-s >jSgrX!5jw days - Days.
•tM91*8:OUA K&Hi&jjf&m 12:06 r 10:401
•1:45r 9:OOa PftSHHw l:23r%:5'9p
S:15r 1O:OOa W^t»^ff 8:BOi> 5:5Op
... ll:OO A 4:SOr S:5«r
. 1:45 r y&i&y B:5Or
-.__. -3:15p T:5Op .^.^.
*faa«ct Titt tUp far *^ >rya taa ?iDrr Quay
TICIBT j 626 Markst ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
WES | and Saws auto Fsxar. Foot Market Sc'
.EATJ.WAT TEAVEL.
Only Doable- f^^^ii^^'
MjEfMisscuti River and Chicago. jjg^^^^^ajB^^Q,
J^three Fast Trains^
" ' ¦ B SwthsraPadns, Union PaeKieijdChiea^filioiin.WcsIarnRrs. gl S
' H®k Standard- 'and tourist. sleeping cars, ccrr.partment J§ y
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; Jgrjir
>2a For slecpia? car reservations, tickets and information Jg3 §3
tvO^V a PP { y to a S eats Southern Pacific Co., or to 4yr\j£?Q! Exchange and Bullion.
l5om*«tic Exchange is higher and Sterling
lower. Silver advanced %c.
The Director of the Mint has authorized the
j deposit of fine silver to the extent of 2.000,000
ounces 1 at the local branch Mlnt-fpr transfer
to the Philadelphia Mint. ,;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 80ii
Sterling Exchange, .sight — '_ 4 84'i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85U
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05 .
Silver, per ounce. ........;... - ; — • 6«*i
Mexican Dollars ...'.'.; — '•¦'a
-V.". ... >.; i.-... ,'mj^. ' •..,:.. x
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ ¦ WHEATr-The. situation, remains practically
unchanged all over the world. There Is plenty
of wheat everywhere. ', Austral la Is turning
away Incoming ships laden j with Wheat and
sending them to Europe. Broomhall cables
that .he still estimates that Argentina will
have a surplus of 112.000,000 bushels. Brad'
street's. gives the world's Visible supply an in
crease, of 1,644.000 bushels] w
: .Chicago" declined %c. There was nothing
: new In this market.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. ,$140©142%; 1 California
White Australian.' $1 50@l 52%: Northern Club.
$1 403>l 41*4; Northern Bluestwn. $1 50@l 61U;
Oregon Valley, $ I 40. <
C^' FUTURES. ' -'
•;;/.->' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.. . ;
: , Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 34% $1 34% $1 34% $1 34%
December ..1 35% 1.35% 1 35%. 1 85%
2 p. m. 1 Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .'. $1 84% $134% $1 34% $1 34%
December' '.'. "1J3« 1 36% 1 30 I 36%
' ' BARLEY— Continues to' decline, but there is
no excitement whatever. ' In fact, the market
Is spiritless. • Receipts were, free yesterday,
being nearly 17,000 ctls. .
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 ©7W@1 11*4; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 15®1 17%; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice.
s-."- ,-.;; FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
May— $1 OS.
2 p. m. Session.
.May— $108. •' "/?;.-:
OATS — Over 16,000 ctls came In- from Oregon
and Washington, but most , of the line was
placed prior to arrival, hence there was, no de
pression visible. Most dealers reported a -.very
fair demand at steady price.". imrisjpBi
White, *l 2O*S>1 30; Black;' $1 4OS1 60; Red,
$1 10@l 12% for feed and $1 25® 1 35 for seed;
Gray,- nominal (none^ here.) :. - ..¦..•
CORN — Western descriptions have again de
clined-and the market Is .weak and -quiet.
-Western sacked, "$1 25 .for Yellow, $1 22%
for White, and. $1 22%- for Mixed; .California
large Yellow. $1 22%@1 3rt; ¦small -rrtUnd do,
$1 4CK&1 60; White. $1 25#1 30 : pd& ctl. 'f..?\
-RYE— $1 2591-30 per ctl/it? . .;»-.;.. :,
BUCKWHEAT— 42 25®2 60 'per *ctl.' ' . , :'
7 * Flour and Millstuffs.'
FLOUR— California" Family Extras, - $4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 C0<$4 60;
Oregon and Washington, . $3 OOg-j 20 per bbl for
Family, and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour,*. $3 25 per 100 lb$; Rye
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,' $7;
iCorn; Meal, $3 25; extra- cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 60: - Hominy." $4^4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50: Whole- Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 26<$8 60; in sacks, $6 73@8 10;
Pearl Barley, ; $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;. Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.- - ¦ > .
• ; Hay and Feedstuff s.
Rolled Barley, Mixed Feed and Corn prod
ucts are lower. Hay Is steady. The circular
of Somers &, Co. says: of- Hay
continue very light, the total for the week
Just ended : amounting to^ldOO tons, 100 tons
more than for the week preceding. Nothing
new of local Interest can be reported ; at pres
ent, ¦ for ' the market ¦ shows no ; change "in- any
way. '¦ , The situation In the country, however,
has been rather interesting- of late, for there
seemn , to ' ba ' quite a demand for Hay spring-
Ing up In many sections. -There If no question
now but that some districts ¦* hare been over
sold;, for. many of .the public warehouses have
begun- to. distribute Hay back ¦ among the
farmers. San Francisco eeems to be still well
stocked, but all other: cities around .the bay
ara now coming Into* the. market and the In
quiry along the. coast seems more active. From
all Indications our market. cannot long be sup
plied with the-quantity of Hay now corning
in. No; great effort has been made to market
much by water,"' but the railroad company is
-bringing In all for which they can supply cars,
and It 1« not . expected that . they - can . do , any
better for.- some -*.* time .to~come. ..Therefore
should the present • light- «hlpment« ' continue
and the Government : place its 5000-ton ; order
here, : there may be something doing in Hay.
before the month is out. ' .- / -
. . "The Holllster section eeems pretty well shut
off from; the,' market' at present. ; the majority
of the present arrivals being from Contra Costa
and ¦ Alameda' counties. '. A- small = proportion of
the arrivals Is tame oat Hay,' but the bulk of
' tt • Is -No. ' 1 ' wheat • or ; wheat : and oat." . • . , .
BRAN— $19 6O4I20 60* per ton. • - •
MIDDLINGS— $26 50@28 60 per ton.
SHORTS— $10 5O0T2O 50 per ton. >. - ,
. .FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24225 per
ton; 0» Cake Meal at the mlll.$27@28 60; Job
bing,- -$29e:M>; '; Cocoanut Cake, ; $21if22: Corn
Meal.- $2P#30:- Cracked Corn. $29 60^30 50;
.Mixed .Feed, $22 60iff23: Horse Beans. $30^40
pftr 1 " ton: .- <.¦¦-'>"' .-'¦¦•" " - •¦• ¦ ..-¦"-.¦ ¦¦¦
:HAY— -Wheat.. $14#lfl 50; Wheat and Oat.*
$13 5O@16 50; Oat. $13«15: W|ld. Oat, ; $11 5CK^.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 2—2 p. %C.
. ** UNITED STATES BONDS.
» Bid. Ask. ••-.«.« BM.Ask.
4s qr cOup.. .110 111 4s qr cp new.133%134%
4s qr reg 100 110 3s qr coup. . .107 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 6s. — — [ 'Do 5«. — 100
Bay CPC 5s. — , 103 Do eon 5s. — lftt *
Cal C G 6s 108 ,O G W 5s.. — 97
Cal C A E g iOceanlc S 5a — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om Cable 6s. 123
Cal-st 6s.... — — iPac G Im 4s 95 .100
C C Wat 5s. 100 |P.E Ry 5s.lOOUlOS%
EdL&P6s.l20 — P A C H 6s. — —
F _ C H 6s. — 117 iPft OR 6s.ll8%120
Geary-st 5s.. 45 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3V« —
H C&S 6%s.lO4% — SFGAR58. — 100%
H C _ S 5s.. 98%100 . SF & SJVSs.116 116%
H0n R T 6s.l04%106 . 8 R of C 6s. 112% —
L A Elec 5s.l04%108% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5m:. Ill 113% (1909) 107% —
LALC06S. — — (1910) ....—' 109
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — 104% (1905)Sr A. 102% —
LAP lem 58.100 — (1905)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-st C 6s. 118 —1 ,<1906) 104%105
Do lem' 5s.ll2 114 (1912) ..'.'.114 n llSU
NRR of C6s.l06%107% SPC lcg'Ss..— —
Do 8s..... — 115 Dostmpd.106%107
N PC R 6s. -^-_'107 S P B R fls.131 —
NCR, 6s... —.110 V W 6s..105*41O5T;
NCPCIIi..- 102% Do 4s 2dm. — 88%
N 8 R R 5S. 90 100 1 Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G L H 68.107 — Rtkn G&E Hs 9« 100
D T Co 6s..ll6%118 iU G _ E 5a. — 105
water Stocks. ...
Contra Costa — 1 42 (Port Costa.. — — -
Martn Co... 61 — |S V W Co.. 89U 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4fi S F O _ E. 6S% 63%
Mutual E L. 9% 10 S F Gas L.. 3 3%
Pac G Im. .52 — . Stkn O * E. 5 --
Pac L Co:.. 55% — V Q A E... — —
Sao B GAR. — ¦ — •
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 65 65%
INSURANCE. *
-Flrem's Fnd.320 — .
JSSfS BAXK STOCKS.
Am NUBk. — 125 1L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..84 — Mer Trust... 230 250
Bank of Cal. 449 455 Merch Ex.:. — —
.Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F National — —
First Nat..; — — "
. SAVINGS BANKS.,
Ger S ft L.222S 2275 1 Sav A L So. 95 100
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4CO 500
Mutual Sav. — 105 j Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. 600 — I '
' - STREET RAILROADS. • J :-,
California.. — 205, 1 Presidio .... 39% —
POWDER. .
Giant ......— 63% J Vlgorlt . . . 4«4 ' <%
SUGAR.
Hana.P Co. — 80c IKUauea S C. — «
Hawaiian C. 43% 43 Makaweli C. 22»i 22%
Honokaa S.C 12% 13% Onomea 3 C. 31% 32%
Hutch S PC. 9% 10 iPaauhau S C 14*4 15
\ .-;¦•••:'¦ MISCELLANEOUS. -
Alaska Pack!l41% — 1 Oceanic S C. — «
Cal Fruit As.. 92 94% Pac A V... 4% 5Vi
Cal Wine As. 91% »2U' Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning ' Session.
- Board —
10 Alaska P A ......142 00
25 S F Gas A E Co ~... 65 50
35 S F G A E Co.......' «5 25
100 S F G A BCO......T......... M OO
• 20 S F G A ECo........ ........ 60 12%
Dried Fruits,Nuh, Raisins, Honey
¦ FRUIT— Apricots, 7@9c for Royals arid 9@
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c;
sun-dried, 3%®4c;' Peaches, 4%@6%c; Pears,
6(310c; Nectarines, 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4®4%e
in boxes; black, 4*ic; Plums, pitted, 6@9c per
pound. £-!fl8Sr*pf
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2%®234o for the four
sizes. ¦ ¦ . -" - ¦ '
* RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, - Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60-lb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
6 Vie per lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c: do.- floated, 4%c; un
bleached . Sultanas, . 4 %c: Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c : per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4 *ic; Pacific. do,"3%c; Oriental,- do,
2%c. Seeded Ralsins^-ltt-oat packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice, ,7%c; 12-os packages,* fancy;
6%c; choice, 6%c; la bulk," fancy, 7 %c; choice,
7%c. '" * ' - ¦ ¦-• ¦ > " " '-" •.¦".-"¦•'
- NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 «oftshell. 13%@14c;
No." 2, 11%®12c;. No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, 11©11%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%o for IX L,-10Uc for Ne Plus .Ultra and
8%<i for Languedoo: Peanuts, 6®7c for East
ern; 'Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuta, $4 60@5; Call
fontla Chestnuts, 8®10c per lb. and llgl2%c
for Italian. ;-^MMMi_0PlHPH*ia
• HONEY-rCorab. ll@13c for white and 9$10o
fer amber; . water ' white extracted, 6®5%c;
light amber extracted,' 4%@5c; dark,-3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
'¦ There la a good deal of bullish talk coming
oveV from Chicago, and as the market Is rather
firmer again more tone Is Imparted to this situ
ation. Prices shdw no change, however. ./
¦ CURED " MEATS^-Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy 12%c for light medium. 14%o for,llght.
15%o .for extra light. . 18%c for sugar-cured
and "20®21%c for extra sugar-cured;; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; ' California Hams/
13%c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mesc,
$12®12 60; Family,' $13; prime Mess Pork, $18;
extra' clear ". $24; • Mess,' $18; . Dry ' Salted Pork.
12c Pig Pork; $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
BeefV15c,per lb. . ' \
¦ LARD —^Tierces ¦ quoted- at .- 7%o " per lb . for
compound 'and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
9*ic; 10-lb- tips. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9% c; 3-lb tins.
ioc» ¦•:.»•». ¦¦¦ * ,-..,..,•.-•. -~.--./- -.. i'— ..- . • >:
'¦.* COTTOLENB-i-On« half barrel.' t%c: three
(12Oth M»ri<Jian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2, 5 p. m.
The folloming are. the seasonal rainfalls to
rfate as compared with. those of same date last
season and rainfall In last Utentv-four hours:
Last This Last
Ftstions — . 24 l»otr-s. Season. Eeason.
Eureka O.OO 14. »4 IS JW»
nfd Klaff . ..0.00 s.72 10.09
Kacrnnwiio .' 0.00 3.82 3.71
.s»n Francisco 0.00 4.42 3!69
FY*st»i ...; ,•.. .0.00 n.64 2.67
Indep^ndene* 0.00 0.42 0.79
I^iinOtil-Tfl...' 0.00 0.44 s!s2
I,»ts AngHe«-. 0.00 0.43 •• 2.47
Psn r>i»go 0.00 0.Q6 2.51
* . THE COAST RECORD.
H? .¦«.- ' s o i *i
. . •, \ : : j?s h a? ?- 1
33s53s:~S* ~
STATIONS. I -HI J I |g jjrS f
Bs>.»r '. 30.46 36 28 XW Clouflr To4
<"arj«jn ..: 30.16 4S 28 NE Clear .00
Eureka, 30.10 54 4* N Clear .00
Fajwllon 30.02 67 52 NW Clear .00
FVeKno SO. 04 MO 45 NW Cloudy .Oi»
Fla&stafT 29. P2 «0 48 6W Cloudy .00
Poratello ..:.:30.28 40 32 BW Clear .00
Point Reyes... 29. «S f« f.2 N V Oear .00
InflVpendenc. 3ft. no C6 38 f» Clear .00
I-o-C AngoW..2!».P6 «4 46 W Clear .00
VfTB.malpai.*.3».O4 R0 51 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29. RS 74 42 NW Clear .00
Portland 3o.4S.42 :t* NW Clear .00
Red Bluff SO. 04 06 40 N dear .00
Roseburg -Vi.SS 44 38 NW Cloudy .00
-Farramento ,.30.«4- 5R 44 KE Clear .00
Pall Lak* 30.24 "40 30 NW Clear .00
Ran Frau'-lf'co.SO.W m 4K pj (jiear 00
K. L. Oblspo. .30.00 .74 3S g Clear ,00 1
Fan Dlegc. . «0 R0 NW Cloudy .00 1
Seattle 30. M 44 VA NW Clear .00
Ppokane 30.50 42 .T2 RW Clear -.00
.Tattxwh 30.B2 46 42 NE Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30.50 4fl 3C S Clear .00
Winneraucca. ..V>.2« " 42 32- NE Clear ' .00
Tugia 29-«6- W 46 N Pt.ndy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily over Cali
fornia. An area of high pressure overlies
•Orrtron and Washington, but will probably
rnore rapidly eastwfird. A moderate depression
overlies the valley of the Colorado and may
cauce cloudy weather In Southern California,
and possibly showers In the mountains Thurs
day.
• The temperature has "fallen from 16 to 18
d»srr« > i»s r>vtr Northern Nevada.
With the exception "of a light shower at Port
Crrsc^nt. no rain has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Forecast msde at Ban Fmnc'sco for thirty
hours ending midnight. IVrttnber 3:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
northerly wind: fog in the great valley.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; prob
*M>- showers In the mountains: light northerly
wind,'- changing to routh westerly.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
* Ran Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday:
not «o *arro: -light northerly wind; probably
fog in the morning.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
The Lady Washington Consolidated Mining
Company has levied an assessment of 5 cents
per share, delinquent January 4.
The AHa Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of .5 cents per share, delinquent Janu
ary 4. -s
Local stocks and bonds were quiet all day.
with no fluctuations of importance. | The oil
stocks continue neglected. Mining stocks
weakened off on the morning boards, with the
recent buyers turned sellers.
The E. I. du Pont de Nemours Powder Com
pany .Of New Jersey jpcently paid its first
quarterly: dividend of 1*4 per cent on the pre
ferred stock to shareholders of record Octo
ber 23.
The local demand for fresh fruits stood about
the same as on the previous ' day and Apples
continued the leading feature. Prices of fancy
Apples were steady under a good demand and
there was a better inquiry for low grade offer-
Ings. The second car of fancy stock from
Honey. Lake," Lassen County, was at hand. The
car consisted cljlefly of Spltzertbergs, which
met with a brisk demand at the top quotation.
There was a fair inquiry for chotce Grapes In
crates for shipment on the Puget Sound,
steamer, ar>d good dry stock readily -commanded
the top quotation. Off stock was rather dull at
unsteady • prices. Winter Nellis ¦ Pears were
withdrawn in small quantities from cold «tor
age. and offerings were Just about sufficient to
satisfy the demand, which was not very brisk.
Stocks in-storage are large, but they are being
held for the holiday trade. Receipts of Rasp
berries and Strawberries were light and prices
stood about tbe same as previously quoted.
Stocks of Coos Bay Cranberries' are cleaned up
and the quotations are withdrawn.
The Orange market is weak and prices are
lower. The demand locally is light, as the
stock lacks color . and sweetness and there is
nothing doing In the. shipping line,, as. outside
markets are being supplied . direct from the
growing districts. Mexican Limes are easy,
but unchanged. The Panama steamer brought
up 315 cases Limes and 43 <;rates Pineapples.
Ripe Bananas are still firm under limited, sup
plies.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5®10 per
chest: large berries. $5&tt per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $11811 50; Jer
seys, $10010 75 per bbl. .
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs, $1 76@2 per
box; other varieties. $1©1 60 fcr fancy, 75«T90c
for choice and 25*1} 50c for common; Christmas
Apples. $1 60@l 75.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. $1 50@l 75 per box.
- QUINCES— 60@75c per box.
POMEGRANATES— $1 2501 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50®90c per box.
GRAPES — 10@'(K)C'ior small boxes and 6CSJ
85c for crates; largo boxes, $1@1 60.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2®275i
per box; 8eedlings, $1 25@2; Tangerines, $1 60
for half boxes and $1 for quarter boxes:
Japanese Mandarins, $1 60®l 75 for half
boxes and : 6OS75c • f or quarter boxes; Lemons,
$1@2 per box; Grape Fruit, $1 50®2 60; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 60; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch for Hawaiian and . for -Central
American; Pineapples, $2®3 60 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
W£ather Report.
I "-FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 3.
Flour, qr sks...lS.9O7|Feed. sks 167
Wheat, ctls 1.2."0|5>llow, ctls .... 219
Barley, ctls 4.n20|Pelt«. No I TO
Oats, ctls .3.3ROI Hides. No 3,472
Peans, sks l.OWl Raisins, bxs 1.310
Potatoes.! sks .. 2. 60O Quicksilver, flska 130
Onions, sks ..... 400 fiugar. ctls 1,300
Bran, sks ....... 1.10O Leather, rolls.... 136
Middlings, sks .. 455;Wtne. gals 54.950
Hay. tons t 220 Brandy, gals ... 2.500
Straw, tons .... 10 rhlcory. bbls ... *5
Hops, bales .... 567 Lime, bbls 317
Wool, bales .... 75 Paper, reams ... 191
OREGON.
Wheat. ct9s 10.400'Bran, sks 48
Barley, ctls 11.800;Mlddllngs. sks .. 304
Oats, ctls 4.450 iF^ed. sks 400
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7,<t35jBran. sks 1,819
Barley, ctls 70.". j Screenings, sks.. 1,720
Oats, ctls 11.8001
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks.... 1,600
Receipts of Produce.
Do new 4s, reg. 183%' Do 1st inc 15
Do coupon 133% M K&T4S..... 96
Do old 4s, reg. .109 . Do 2ds ...76%
Do coupon ;110 Ktl RR Mex con 4s 76
Do 5s, reg..A..l01tfM Y Cen gn 3%s. 58%
Do coupon 100% N J Cen gen»fai..l28%
Atchison gen 4s..l0u- Korthern Pac 4s.. 102% 1
Do adj 4s 8J>4 Do 3s... 70 j
. Atlantic C L 4s. 93 -N A W con 4s.... 97- \
' Bait & Ohio 4s... 100% O S L 4s and part 92K j
Do 3%s .... 04"?» Fenn conv 3%«... G5H |
Central of Ga 8s. .103% Heading sen 4b. . 86% j
Do 1st inc 04% CtL A IM con 5s.. 111% |
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 8tl« &.SF fg 4s.. 84% j
Chi A Alton 3%s. 73U'Bt L SW lsts.... 92% |
C, B & Q new 4s. 93% Beaboard A L 4s. 71%
CM &. StP gen 4s.H0 iSouthern Pac 4s.. 87%
C & N W con 7s.l30%:Southern Ry 6s... 112%
C. R I A P RR 4s 70% Texas A Pac lsts. 116V*
Do col 5s 75 T. St L A W 4s.. 70
CCC & StL gen 4s 03 Union Pac 4s 102%
Chi Terminal 4s. 76 Do oonv 4s 94%
Con Tobacco 4s... 50 US Steel 2d 5s... 68%
Colo A South 4s.. 84 Wabaeh lsts... .'..113%
Den & Rio G 4s. 100 Do deb B...... 69%
Erie prior lien 4s. 8$i,i Wheel & L E 4s.. 87%
Do gen 4s 84% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89
Ft W A D C 1st. 103 C F A.I...... ...63%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. : f: 'v ; if
I Adams Con 10 Little « Chief. '.. .... 0«
j Alice 13 Ontario « 00
I Breec* 10 Ophlr 2 10
; Brunswick Con 03 Phoenix '02 1
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potost ..' 2S {
! Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage 40 :
i Horn Silver 1 00 Elerra Nevada 65 j
Iron Silver... 1 40 Email Hopes .15
: Lead vine Con 02 Standard • 2 00 !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . "Westlnghse Com.. 68
Call loans 5%@6 Mining— -*-
Time loans . ...5Vi@0% Adventure 3%
Bonds — • AUouez 4
AtchUon 4s 09\ t Amalgamated ... 40%
Mex Central 4s.. 69 Daly 1 West 85 .
Railroads — Blngham 21
Atchison 67 Calumet A Hecla.435 .
Atchison pfd IU4 Centennial ...... 15
Boston & Albany.247 Copper Range.... 43%
Boston & Maine. .169 Dominion Coal... 71
Bostoa Elevated.. 140 Franklin ... .'. ..7*4
N Y, N H & H..196% Isle Koyale 6%
Fltchburg pfd 134 Mohawk 37%
Union Pacific 75% Old Dominion 8%
Mexican Central.. 10% Osceola ;.. 67
Miscellaneous — Parrot ..'17%
American Sugar.. 124% Quincy . ... 82
Am Sugar pfd...l2Hi Santa F* Copper. 1%
• Am Tel & Tel... 127*4 {Tamarack... 5 s -
Dom Iron & Steel. 7%|Trinity ."...: 4%
. General Electric. . 15S United States..... 17%
Mass Electric..,. 19% Utah « 27
Mass Elec pfd... 78 Victoria ......... .2%
United Fruit «5% Wlnona 7%
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 65
U 8 Steel pfd 52%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for mor.ey.88 1-16 N' Y Central .:..122-*
Oon ror account. S9 5-16 Norf A West .".. 59%
Anaconda 3% 1 Do pfd 89
Atchison 09% Ontario A West.:' 21 %
Do pfd " 94 % Penrisylvanla .... 69%
Bait A Ohio 60% Rand Mines . 10%
Canadian Pacific.. 122% Reading ... ....21%
Chesap & Ohtc... 82% Do 1st pfd .... 39
Chicago G W 16U Do 2d pfd >».. 30
Chi Mil A St P..145 Southern Ry .1.. 21%
DeBeers 20% Do pfd •.... 81% [
Denver & Rio G. 22 Southern Pacific.. 48% !
Do pfd 7U4 Union Pacific .... : 78%
Erie 2S% Do pfd 89-
Do let pfd 69% U S Steel ....'..-. 11%
Do 2d pfd 51 Do pfd 54%
Illinois Central... 134 W, Wabash ... 21
Louis A Nash ...111*4 Do pfd .:...... 37%
Mo Kan & Texas. 18% ' ~ ¦ •' J
Bar silver, flrm, 26«7-16d per ounce., ¦ Money. I
3©£»i per cent. The rate of discount In the 1
open market for short bills Is 4 per cent, and '
for three months' bills is 4 per cent. - j
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 34,
600 barrels; exports, 9700 barrels; sales, 10,34)0
barrels. Spot, steady and unchanged. ' \ •
WHEAT— Receipts. 84,600 bushels: sales, 1.- j
800.000 bushels: futures. 120.000 bushels, spot. !
Spot, dull; No. 2 red, 88%c elevator: No. 2 red.
83*4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern- Duluth,.
Pl%c f. o. b. afloat: N,o: 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options' opened',
steady, hut soon weakened and were easy all ;
day under bearish pressure, largo interior re- j
celpts. unloading and poor cables. The close '
showed *ic net loss. May closed 8Hic; July, '
*O»*«?SOTj,c. closed 80%c; December. .88^® i
fe8%c closed MUc. ;
* PETROLEUM — Firm. f
COFFEE: — Spot Rio, firm;- No. 7 Invoice, t
C%c; mild, steady: .Cordova. 7%®12^c. ' .The,i
market for coffee futures closed firm, net 15@25- i
points higher, with the sale* a matter of 277.- !
-750 bags, including: December. 5.95@6.15c; !
Januarj'. 6.1OS6.25C: February, 6.30<8-6.3jc : •
March. fl.3O©6.f.Rp: April. «.45cr May. 6.5.'»^
«.75c; July. O.7(XS6.»0cr August. 6.75«6.95c";-
September. 6.85©6.90c; October, 6:90®7>10c; N«-;
vembr. "^.ISc. ¦ '-' '-. •- i* '-'•;
SUGAR— Raw. nominal; fair refining, 3 3-19 ',
03*4c; centrifugal, 0« test. -3 ll-16c; molasses •
sugar, 2 6-16i@"3c: refined, quiet. j:
DRIED. FRtHTS. . - - I
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is ;
still quiet, with the. tendency In buyers' favor. 1
Common. 4@5c; prime, 6 l 4 S-5%c; choice, 6%S i
6%c; fancy. 7c. I
PRUNES— Remain quiet at 2%@«%c for all '
grades. . . ¦ . . i
ATRICOTS — Are , In fair demand, but pre- 1
sent no feature of "moment, ruling steady. '.
Choice. 9@9%c; e«tra choice, 9%®10%c; fancy, 1
11615c. 1 ' '
PEACHES — Continue dull. Choice, 7*4^7% e;
extra choice, 7%68Kc; fancy. 8%@10*4c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec 2. — Liberal buiing of May
wheat by the leading long caused m. firm feel- ¦
Ing In that pit early, the. opening being aehade 1
lower to %®"*.«c higher at 80%c to 81 Vic. Com'--!
mission houses took advantage of the slight '
advance and sold freely and this m-as followed
by selling by local traders. While the big j
long was an open buyer during the first part •
of the session reports were circulated on the '
floor. that he was selling through brokers, 1 ' and •
these rumors started an Increased selling move- (
ment, which resulted In weakening the market 1
May declining to 80%c. The domestic situa
tion was less bullish than of late. Although
there was some recovery during the last hour,
the close was easier, with May off %®%c at
80%c. ' - , I
Scarcity of offerings, with a good demand v
from shorts, created a firm tone in corn. May'
closed »i«?%e higher at 42%c. ....--'. i
• Oatn were firm with corn. May closed U®
Uc higher at 35%@36c. :- • . . 1
Provisions opened easier, but on buying by '
packers and covering by shorts the ,. market)
firmed up. The close was firm. ,wlth January
pork up 10c. lard 2%c higher and ribs. 7%c
better..
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. ' High, Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Dec. (new) 81% 81% 89 89
May 81% 81% 80H 80%
July 75% 75%' 75% 75%
Corn N. 2—
December 42% . 42% 42 42*4
May 42% 42% 42% 42%
July ...• 42% >42% 42%. 42y 4
Oats No. 2—
December 34% S5H . 84% 35
May 35% 86% -85% 86
July 33% 33% 333 33U
Mees Pork, per bbl — ¦ . ' ' .
January ..10 80 £ 11 00 . - 10 80 . 10 9"7%
May 1110 11 SO.; 11 05 . 11 27% 4
Lard, per 100 lbs— - . . * .1 i
January 6 35 6 42% 6 35. •• 6 42% !
May « 40 6 60 6 40 6 47%
Short Rib*, per 100 lbs— j
January ....... 5 77%. '6 87% 6 77% 6 87%
May B95 * 05 ¦ 5 95 6 05 !
Cash quotations were as follows :' Flour, quiet
but firm: No. 2 spring wheat. «>5S4c; No. 3.
75S«1c; No. 2 red. 84®85%c; No. 2 com, 42%e;
fio. 2 yellow. 4*%c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No.. 3
white. 35«38c: No. 2 r>e, ;61c; good feeding
barley. 34435c^, fair to choice malting. 41©54e;
No. 1 fiaxseed 01c: No. 1 - Northwestern, 9i%c;
prime timothy seed. $3 80; mess pork, per bbl.
tU 12%«11 25: lard, per 100 lbs. $6 5003-52%;
short ribsVslrtes (loose). $6 25®6 62%: short
clear sides (boxed), $8 12%^6 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27; clorer. contract
grade. $11. . • : ' ' ¦¦•'.'.: -' •'-' '¦: -"¦-¦' ' ' -
Articles — • - Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour barrels . . ; R8.20O J. 19,600
Wheat, bushels •••2H'S22 J^-iCO
Corn busJ-eis 208.200 115.300
Oats, bushels 357,400 248,200-.
Rye, bushels 9.100 .3.000 '¦
Barley, bushels ....205.200'. .20.000 j
On the Produce Exchange- to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, I fl!B25c; dairies,
14fJ21c: eggs, -easy, 23#23c; cheese, steady,
10«10%c. ______
: Foreign Futures. ; • -V.'
LIVERPOOL. -
•"Wheat—. * Dec. March." ? May.
Opening « 4% ;6 4% " 6 3U
Closing ......6 4% 6 4% 6 3%
/ PARIS. : - ¦ ¦¦ '. ... ;•;:-,
Wheat — Nov. „' Mar. -June.
Opening 20 65 2O 80'-
Closing .20 65 2080
Flour — ¦ .' - -
Opening 28 35 . ' 27.95 "'
Closing ..............;..... 28 45 ,27,95
Available Grain Supplies.
NEW YORK. Dec. -. 2.— Special, cable rand '
telegraphic advices to Bradstreet's this week
show the following changes ln^ava liable; sup- -
plies as compared with last account : -'Wheat — '¦">
United States and Canada,. east of the Rockies."- 1
Increased 744,000 bushels;,, afloat '. for and . In '
Butter continues weak, with the bulk of the
spot supply in the hands of half a dozen houses,
whlqh are selling at '2S@29c and glad to get
these prices. They report the demand very
slow. Other houses, carrying less stock, still
quote 30c, but the figure is extreme. Lower
grades are excessively weak.
Receipts of ranch Eggs have suddenly fallen
off again, and the market Is steady at previous
priceH. Buyers are n6t taking them very free
ly, however, as they find the Eastern and cold
storage goods more profitable t« handle.
There Is nothing new in Cheese. It Is still
very plentiful and weak.
Receipts were 18,S0O',lb« ¦ Buttery 556 cases
Eggs and 1000 lbs Cheese. -V . •' , -•
¦- BUTTER — Creamery, -28%®29c. with SOe for
special extras and 24627c for seconds : dairy.
2K<"2tc; store Butter. 17%@19c;> cold storsge,
2462Cc: Eastern, 23®25c per lb.
.CHEESE — 12ftl2%c for the general market,
13c for select 'mild new and ll(§U%c for
lower grades; Y«*ung Americas, 13® 14c; Bast
em. 15%®lC%c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 60®53c for choice and -45©
4S« for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage,- 2S@32%c; Eastern, 26@2Hc
for cold etorage. - ... , . ¦ .-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. SEATTLE. Dec: 2.— Clearings, $813, 810; bal-.
.ances,. 3125,503. ' •' ' * .--¦¦¦:
TACOMA. Dec. 2. — Clearings, $354,081; bal
ances. $29,696. ' ¦<>'•• - ' \ - "•
PORTI^AND. Dec. 2. — Clearings, $870,132;
balnnces. $37,305.
SPOKANE. Dec. 2.— Clearings, $6O2,OO0;bal
| ances, $46,078,
Northern : Business.
ST. LOUIS,. Dee. 2.— WOOL— Quiet and
steady. Medivm grades, combing and. clothing.
18®2iyic: light fine, 16®17%c; heavy fine, 12®
14%e; tub washed. 20@81c.
St. Louts ; Wool Market:
¦ , Game ruled, firm under a continued steady
demand and , Sprig and "small Ducks and Bng
llsh Snipe were quoted higher. .
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 26®2Sc per lb;
live Turkeys. 20@22e per-; Ib;' Geese, per -pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2Q2 25:' Ducks. $5^-6 per
dozen for old and $6@7 for. young; Hens. $5@6
for small and $«#7 for laree: young Roosters.
$5 50@6 50;- - old • Roosters, $",fi5 60; Fryers
$S6. r > 50; Broilers, $4 t>0@5 for large and $3 50
04 for small; Pigeons,- $liff I 25 per dozen "for
old. and $2©2 25 for Squabs." •
' .GAME— Mallard Ducks. $4@3 per dozen;
Cnnvasbak, $3@6: Sprig. $.'{<§ 4; ,Teal, $2@2 60;
."Widgeon. ' $2©2 50;. small Ducks, $1 WXifl 75;
Gray Geese. $3@3 50: White Geese. $1©1 50*
Branu $160 for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3; common- Snipe, $150; Wild
Doves. $1: Rabbits. $2. for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush ; Hare, $150.
The fourth car of Western Poultry for the
week wa«'onsale and sold off. well at steady
prices. The receipts of : domestic stock' was
light and'prlces of all descriptions were main
tained under a fair demand. Eight cases of
dressed Turkeys, five of which , were consigned
to one house. . came .' in and. met with prompt
sale at. advanced prices.": *S ."
Poultry and Game.
"The general condition - cf th« lumber aqd
shingle tratfe is. about the eame as !n the pre-
iou* moBth. mi;h a trifle m<Jre steadiness ap
•j.srent. The movement <jf the redwood lumber
manufacturers in ronceTjtrating .their Esstern
effort* in the Manufacturers' Company is highly
to b* commended, as it will enable them to
!:andl*> tho growing Er stern demand in far
more advantageous minncr both to themselves
end to rtielr largf rlientele. The efforts of the
promoters are finally being pronounced success
ful'and the work of th<! company is at this
•*arly tlm* beginning to show the fruits of cen
tralized.action. If. the manufacturers in other
lines cf th* industrial community of the Pan
Francisco vicinity would similarly recognise the
advantages to be- obtained by t-he location near
Mark Diamond there wmild be far 'greater
rrifits to them In many war«.
• "I/umbfr is mw6i« slowly in the PaciSc
owttig to a - deplorable car shortage.
»hi>H rrofrrtses to b» t!lfflrult in lifting. The
rine* and fir marufajcturerp " are encouraging
(\»ryrT!or\ to relieve th*rr.srl\<es. but the ««itu
'etton looks dubious, and jhe fret cf the cotn
_irig rear will probably flnd th* same car con
"p^ytron affecting the car tMpments of the
VuttUwtsL Prices remain abcut as quoted last
month, with a few. minor .alterations. .while the
r**d cedaf shingle- e,1tuation ie-far from satis
factcryr The local and California demand for
the fr.iil products of the Oregon and Washing
ton plants tcntinues good to medium, but pros
pe<*t« points to a slight winter falling off.
"Redwood products are active, with a grow
.ir.r demand. Railroad facilities are excellent,
whl!e th» Eastern and locsl demands do not
Fhow murh of a falling- off. although labor
Troubles ar« bow causing great fears In the
nuildlsg ,circl*>* of the entire coast. Shingles
¦•r* mo\-ing freely with a steady demand, while
the new association is doing excellent price
maintenance wofk. Building all wer the State
1s. artlve. All in all. there is no cause for
much complaint from th'e manufacturers, al
though the conditions are not quite as reimi-
EerajJve as a quarter ago."
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron say*
Tlie Coast Lumber Trade.
' Grain Exports in November.
The expert* of Wheat frcm San Francisco
t>y »«a during the menth of November were
a* follow*: . -
To— ¦ ' Centals. '• Values.
Great Britain »..: -47.7SI JT0 -2i R
Hawaiian lslar.as 1.49» . 2.294
Pamoan IsUanils ».-. . 3 " • «
Totals '¦'¦ «».2« * 72 - 31<J
There »^re no TihoJe careers cleared last
mnnth. TBe shipmentji to Great Britain were
taken In *ir.«!l Quantities and chiefly as
f*ifTening for fcari»-y and .general merchandise
rargoes. In November. . 1902. the exports were
&MJ9 cental*. • valued at $949,741. In that!
menth nine whole, or part cargoes were cleared :
for 'Great Britain, four for Australia ana one'
fcr South Africa;
• • BARL£Y.
Th* following shows the export* of Barley
from Sarf Fran>-isco by »ea In November: '
To — " • Centals. Value*.
•nrest Britain : 304.S9S • $377,077
Jiawaltan Islands .23.218 33.94ft
ontral America- .... WO 140
SJexiro .....'. 20 . 24
Japun 3 4
•Twvals ." .-•• 333.239 $*12.09»)
The exports tn November. 1002. wer* 4CS.1S7
easts Is. v«.lu*d -at $526,283. Last .month there
were seven «hole vr part cargoea cleared, all
'for Great Britain, against five for Great
¦Britain and three for' Australia during the
came month lart year: ' \m- '¦¦
1 downward, wiping out part "of the early gain.
An upward spurt In two or three of the in
dustrial Fpeclaltiee partly rallied the market,
but realizing again met the advance and the
closlnr was active and irregular. ..
The cocsplfuous movements at the last were
a Jump of* 4\4 in Colorado Fuel. 7»i in the
Colorado Fuel convertible bonds, 3*, in Sugar
ar.d l T t in ¦ Amalgamated Copper. The fact'
that there was no news to account for these
suQden Jumps aggravated the distrust with
which they were regarded by traders who were
trying to s-11 at other points In the market.
The persistent pressure upon Pennsylvania was
a drag upon the market from the outset, but
. it was overcome by a succession of buying
movements at other points' which gradually
dissipated 'the uneasiness. Buying for London
account was a factor In the advance. The
turn of the month released money to that
'n-.arkft and there was a more cheerful feeling
In- foreign markets over the prospect of peace
In the Far East.
Trade reports of the coal industry were en
rouraglng. Lehlgh Valley and Norfolk and
Western earnings for October showed good In
crease. Pennsylvania's «tatement for October
Ehoxved decreases of net for the lines both
east and west of Pittsburg and Erie owing to
the growth In operating expenses. A disposi
tion to realize in LouiEvllle and Nashville was
Ir.creafeed by the decline in net earnings for
October shown by Nashville. Chattanooga and
St. Louis.
Union Pacific October statement showed an
increase In net earnings of more than $400.
000. thus saving more than half the growth In
gross earnings, but this etock also showed the
effect of realizing, as did Its subsidiary com
pany. Southern Pacific. The lnuustrials as a
claw were higher and It was suspected that
closing uo of short accounts had much to do
•with" this. «-*r>ecially in United- States BUel
preferred. There is tome growth of a senti
ment that the Drices of stocks in this class
have discounted about the worst that • could
happen la the industrial future, leaving room
for torn* natural rebound from excessh'e de
pression.
Money vent to 74 per cent again to-day
and- tl-e banks transferred $450,000 of their
r*s»rv« to New Orleans without any compen
sating advantage in foreirn gold engagement.
The or!nlon is gaining force that the tight
ness of ¦ foreign money markets will probably
keep up the money rat» here over the year.
The movement In bond prices continued
rather Irregular, realizing In speculative issues
being in evldtnr* in that market as 'well as
ftocks. Total sales of bonds, par value, .were
$3,154,000. Unit'd States bonds were' un
changed on the I««t call.
NEW YORK ETOCK LI5T.
Stocks— Sale*. Hlzh. - Lew. Close.
Atchison 26.400 67% €#% C7
Atchlecn pM 1,409 piit pji. . pit:
Bait & Ohio 22.200 78»* 77U 77S
Bait A Ohio pf4... 200 S8 R7H 87
Canadian'' P«riflf i 2.900 11»U 118»i 118«ii
Central of N J.T.. 200 1M 156 153
Chesap & Ohio 1.600 31«i 31 81U
Chi & Alton 4,700 34i« S3*; 34'
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 71 71 71
Chi A G Western.. 1.300 15 T » 15«4 15%
Chi & O W B pfd J 26i|
Chi & Northwestn. 500 167 1C6U lfisii
Chi Term A Trans. 700 9»i !»• 9
Chi Term A T pfd 18
C C C A Et Louis 73
Colo Southern 600 15% 13^ 13
Colo South 1st pfd. , 2C0 63 ij 63 ii 53
Colo South ?d pfd. ...'. 21*4
Del A Hudson 1,000 155 156Vi 157'
Del Lack * Went 235
Denver & R G 1.300 21 H 21 21%
Denver A R G pfd. 1.100 *m% 6S»i 6SU
Erie 8.600 27% 27H 27%
Erie 1st pfd 2.100 «7% C7 67
Erie 2d pfd 3,600 4J*4 4S«4 4*%'
Great Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley ... 300 74% 74% 74 V 3
Hocking Val pfd 83»i
Illinois Central ... 2.300 130 129J4 12»H
Iowa Central 100 21 21 20i|
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 38 3S 37'
K C Southern 19
K O Southern pfd.. 200 34% 34H -"4«4
Louis A Nash »,800 107% IO014 106%
Manhattan L 2.800 13»H 13!*% 13»i,
Metropolitaft 'St Ry 2,600 118 117U 117%
Minn A St Louis 86
Missouri Pacific ... 15,400 »I*4 P1K »1%
Mo Kan A Texas.. 600 17?4 17V» 17V4
Mo ran A Tex pfd. 2,000 39 3S1, 38%
Nt R R of Mex pfd 400 36% 36% 36%
N Y'Central 2.900 117?, 117 117
Norfolk A West... 1,700 6«% 6t> R6Vi
Norfolk & W pM 86Vj
Ontario A Western. 6.000 21*; 20% 21%
Pennsylvania 48,300 115% 114% 115
Pitt* C C A St L 59
Reading 39,300 «H 42^ 42U
Reading 1st pfd ... 300 75»i 75% 75
Reading 2d pfd ...'. 69
Rock Island Co ... 2».5OO 26% 25% ' 25%
Rock Island Co pfd. 600 60% 60^ C0%
Pt L & 6 F 1st pfd. " .... 63
Pt L A S F 2d pfd. 400 45% 43'i 45
St Louis S W 700 14% 1<J% ]4 '¦¦
Pt Louis 8 W pfd. 700 324 82 31 V4
Et Paul : 16.400 14Q'» 13»% 13f>£
S» Paul pfd 171%
Southern Pacific .. 12,IK*O 46% 46«.i 4HU
Southern Railway.. 10,«n0 20% 20t; "20%
Pouthern Ry pfd... 1.900 7« 78 H 78%
TexasAPacinc 2,600 24% 24% 24%
Toledo fit L A W 21 Vi
To! St L A W pfd. 300 33 H S3V4 M%
Union Pacific 27,700 75% 75 75%
Union Pacific pfd.. 300 67V» SG% 85
Waba*h 2.100 20% 20 20
Wabash pfd 6.000 3-JH - 36 36V4
W A Lake Erie... 600. 17.. lfi\i. ]«^
Wisconsin Central.. ,700 17 16% 16%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. - 800 38 37%- 37
Express Companies — .
Adams 220
American 184
United States 100
Wells-Fargo 1W
Miscellaneous — <
Amalgam Copper. .. 77.100 40^ 38Tf 40%
Amer Car A Found 700 l*Ts 18% 18%
Am Car A F pfd. 100 65% 65ii 65
Amer Unseed Oil 8%
Amer Lin Oil pfd. -. 2C
Atner LocomotK-e.. 1,800 15U 15 13%
Amer Loco pfd 600 76U 76% 7«%
Amer Smelt A Ref. 6.500 46 44% 45%
Am Smelt A R pfd 2.100 M 86 87%
Amer Sugar Ref... 37,700 ,125 121 _ 124 %
Anaconda Mln Co.. WO 70 -. 64»; 67
Brklyn Rap Trans. 21,700 41% • 40 41%
Colo Fuel A Iron.. l,30<> 29 24% 28%
Colum A Hock Coal 10%
Consolidated Gas... 700 178% 178% 178
General Electric... 600 158 167 1M
International Paper 10
Interntl Paper pfd 100 63 63 62
International Pump '. 30
Interntl Pump pfd v«9
National Biscuit... »«> ' x36*4 36% 35%
National Lead 3™ 1?,% 1.1% 13%
North American... IOO 77 -77 76%
Pacific Mall 100 27^i 27% 2«%
People's Gas....... 3.800 05ti 04% f»3 ¦
Pressed BteelOar.. 200 24'* 24% 24%
Pressed 6 Car pfd. . 600 85% 65 65
Pullman Palace Car .... 213
Republic Steel 800 6% , 6 ¦ 6%
Republic Steel pfd. .700 3»% 38%" 3fl
Rubber Goods .400 1B% 15% • 15
Rubber Goods pfd. 300 70 70 70
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 1,700 29% 2P« 29%
U S Leather 900 7% ,1 7%
U S Leather pfd... 1,200 ' 70 75tf 76U
K S Rubber....... 600 9% fl 9%
IT. 8 Rubber pfd... 400 39 37% 39%
tl S Steel tt.4OO 11% 11 . U
IT S Steel pfd 8,500 63% 52% 52%
Western Union 300 88% 88 87%
Northern Securities 89
1 * S^ ' -
Total sales...... '.604.400 shares/
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco : 11,000 at
$75 87%: .
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2*. reg...103% Hocking Val 4%«.105%
Do coupon 10« LAN unl 4s.. .. 99
Do 3s. reg ..107 Mnhtn con gold4s. 102
Do coupon 107 (lexlcan Cen- 48. \ 72%
Meat Market.
No further change In Cattle. Sheep or Hogs
Is reported. The market is well stocked with
all descriptions. - - x ii'i*' Ti'"—* tin* M"ttj ijnii Miili
DRESSED MEAT8. Vs," . :
, Wholesale rates from 'slaughterers to deal
' era are as -follows :
BEEF— «V,ig74c for Steers and 4^®6c p«r
lb for Cow?. . aanism
VEAL-~Large 890c; small. 9294c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©8«c; Ewm. 8&SHe
per ib.'Tr<3«9BaMMWaBB*Haig
LAMB— OVieiOc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7^g9<; per'lb.
: • LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per, cent shrinkage for Cattle :
' -CATTLE— Steers, 8©»c; Cow s and Heifers.
7©Sc; thin Cows -435c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4**c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers 3%64c; Ewes. 3V;©3Hc
per lb (gross weight). ,
LAMBS— 4Hff5c per lb.
. HOGS— Live- Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. 5%c:.ov*r
180 lbs. 5c: <ow», 20 per cent off; Boars. 50
per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
abova quotations'.. ¦>-
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain • Baes. 5@5%c; San Quentin.
5.65c: Wool Bagf, 32935c: Fleece Twine. 7*4©
8c: Cotton. Fruit Bags. 6^c. 6?4c and 7He for
the three grades; Brown Jute, oVif!7»-ic.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. J6 50; Bryant. $S 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 60; Standard, S7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 fiO; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk an.l
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14;. Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 80; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke. Jll 503
13 per ten in bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per Ions ¦ ton, - according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases.
'add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor OH.-. In cases.. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers': AA..S1.1O01' 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55670c per- gallon:
Cocoanut Oil, In barrel*. 58c for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian; extra bleached wlntef Sperm
OH. 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil, 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. <5c; natural Whale
Oil. COc; extra winter Stratned Lard OH. 85c:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 76<?:
No. 1 Neatsfoot OH. 65c: Ught Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon OH. 88e:
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c: belled
Paint Oil, :«5c; raw Paint OH. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15&c; Pearl Oil In cases, "22c: Astral. 22c;
Star, 22c; Extra Star, 26c; Elaine, 28c: Eocene.
25c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
In cases. 23 lie; Benzine. In bulk, l-'tc; In cases.
19',.jc: 86-degree Casollne, in bulk. 21c; In
cases, 27^4c. . .
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
¦ 74c In - drums and iron barrels. --
» RED AND- WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%®
; 7c oer lb: White Lead, 0' / iO7e, according to
i quantity.
SUGAR — Th« Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, In HVJ-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65e:
Powdered, 5.60c; Candy Granulated. B.50c: Dry
Granulated, line. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
, 6.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A, 6c; Extra C. 4.»0c:
: Golden C, 4.80c: "D," 4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels, 25c more;- boxes. 50c more; 60-lb
basrs, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.90c; boxes. 6.15c: H. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— The slxjj^ ssries of the
wool auction sales closed to-day. : The. offer-
Ings numbered -7442 bales. Fine grades showed
a hardening tendency. - Home buyers were ac
tive. Americans did . not operate > during the
series. .' When the series . opened merinos cold
unchanged to 5d below the average. This level
was maintained -throughout the sales. There
was strong competition . for the better class of
staples and at the close prices were firm. Fine
greasy crossbreds opened 5 to 7% per cent
lower, subsequently hardened and finally ruled
unchanged from { the September average. Me
dlum crossbreds fell 7\i per cent and coa res
and »llr>es 10 to. 15 per cent -and continued to
sell on the . same basis. The depreciation In
the scouveds' was less pronounced. Cape of
Good HoDe and Natal fine grades were un
changed fromv8eptember,\ but inferior stock
was 6 per cent ; cheaper. During the series
42,000 bales were sold to. the home trade. 28,000
to Continental' buyers and 6000 were held over.
London Wool Sales.
20 Spring Valley W Co '89 3ft
f 17000 Pacific E Ry 5 per cent 106 60
Street —
25 Makaweli .....f^. 22 5t> .
45 Mutual EL../.... 10 W>
*10C0 SPef Arizona <19C«> 10T 75
flO.GOO S F A 9 J V bonds 115 7*
Afternocn Sees! on.
Board
2ft Alaska P A 142 0o
40 Makaweli 22 60
200 Mutual B L....; 10 00
50 Mutual EL. » 8TH
1C0 S F G A E Co U W
65 S F O A E Co «3 37H
10. Spring Valley W Co 39 »O
1C0 Vlgorlt Powder 4 2*
J4000 Pactnc E Ry 6 per cent 106 5O
J1COO S V 6 per e«Et bonds 1C« 0«
$2OCO 8 F A 6 J V bonds 118 r3 •
Street—
*3000 Pacific B Ry 6 per cent 106 60
California Stock and Oil Exchange
WEDNESDAT DSC. 2.
Stock— Bid. U-k.
Alma Oil _.. 1 3.1 ....
Apollo Oil .-. 42 ....
Associated Trust Cert.... 1» 20
Aztec Oil jit)
California Standard Oil ' 11
Caribou OH 93 11©
Central Point Con 63 .... "
Chicago Crude Oil t». . .... '
Cleremont Oil ...: - 24 ' - 'i..'. ¦
Esp»ranza OH 15O ....
Four Oil 67 «3 -
Fulton Oil 4 56 '...'.'
Giant Oil 20 '
Hanford O;i 130 <*> ..:.
Home Oil 95 t 0O
Imperial Oil 18 <K> .
Independence Oil 1* ' 17.
Junction OH 19
Kern OH 6 00
Kern River Oil 10 CO ....
Lion Oil 03 ..;. .
I Monarch of Arizona ' 43 ....
Monte Crlsto Oil 90
Occidental of W Va 1» 20-
Oll - Ctty Petroleum 17 ,
Peerless OH ..: IS 7* 14 00
Pittsburg Oil 15 ..«. '
R»ed Crude (old> 3» ....
fl F & McKlttrlck Oil Jffi ....
San'Joaqnln O A D 4 0O ....
Senator Oil 63 73
Sovereign Oil 3* ....
Sterling Oil - 2 80 ....
Superior Oil TO 07
Thirty-Three OH 7 00 7 30
Toltee OH V> :...
Twenty-Eight OH 4 CO 4 40
West- Shore Oil 2 90 . . . . '
Associated Bonds 89H
Re*! Crude <new) 4 00 ....
- Miscellaneous —
Abby I.an-l and Imp 1 60
Alameda Sugar 29CO
American Biscuit -9500
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00 ' ....
O»I Jockey Club 1W rtrt
Cal Shipping Co 20CO *7<V»
Cal Title Ins A Trust 13o flrt 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland. 60 00 •
Chutes Co : t "\
Cypress Lawn Imp Co.... SCO ....
Fischer's Theater 2 00 . 2 25
Gas Consumers' Ass'n 22 to
Honolulu Sugar ..." .... ' l*if>
Northern Cal Power .... 0 00
Orpheum Company 16 00 »
Pacific States TAT 11500
Paraffin* Paint S3 00 .... :¦*
1 S F Dry Dock 47 CO ....•
Sanitary Reduc Works I 25
Sausaltto Land A Ferry.. 14 OO
Sp«rry Flour Co 27 50 SO P«
Standard Electric ' 1$ C«
Tesla Coal Co r 32.60
Tmckee Electric 13 2» ......
Union Sugar 22 50 ,"'•-''....."•,
United Gas and EUctrlc. 34 50 ....
SALES.
• >-, vAfternocn 8e*»!on.
Informal —
10O Home •»
1000 Occidental ....1»
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Ftaa
ctsco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes ....... » 600 Julia to
300 Andes 23 6CO Mexican 1 2O
100 B-lcher 53 10O Occidental ... 44
100 Best A Belch. 3 00 COO Ophlr S 2ft
10O Bullion 10 200 Ophlr .......3 20
! 100 Challenge ... 25 70O Potosl 14
I 400 Challenge ... 20 70O Savago ...... S3
200 Con Cal A V.I 80 600 {*corplon 03
! 10O Con Cal A V.I 23 20O Sierra Ner... 47
: 1000 Con Imperial. 04 ICO Plerra Ner^rT 4<l
| 10ft Confidence ... 05 300 Silver HIM... . SO
60O Con X Y 15 1P0O irnion Con... 7«
600 Crown Point.. 20 SCO Utah tfl
10O Crown Point.. Ift! 60O Utah 20
600 Gould A Cur. 23 1000 Yel Jacket.... 39
Afternoon Session.
1300 Andes 20 100 Overman .... I«
600 Belcher ..... 2S 500 Potosl 14
100 Belcher 2U 700 Bavaga S5
200 Best A Belch. 2 00 200 Pa«ag« 3A
200 Caledonia PS 100 Sarage : S7
400 Con Cal A V.I 20 2OO Seg Belehar. . 10
' 600 Crown Point.. 1!> 600 Slerr* Ner. ... 42
i 100 Goald A Cur. 32! 200 Mirer Hill... *O
\ ioo Gould A Cur. 33 , ICO Silver Hill... 79
100O Justice .....'. 13 COO Union Con... 63
600 Mexican 113 80O rtah 17
300 OccldenUl ... 4» 500 Tel Jacket.... S3
600 Ophir . . - . ..3 10^ 100 Tel Jacket.. . . Si
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHAN-OD.
Follftwin* were the sales on th« Padfla ttoclc
Exchange yesterday:
C Morning gesslon.
200 Andes V \ CO Ophlr 2 20
200'Bullion 0 100 Ophlf 3 J3H
100 Caledonia .... V. 600 Ov»rmaa .... 3O
200 CnaIIeng« ... 2? 3P0 Overman 19
200 Chotlar ...... It 3CO Potosl U
700 Chollar 15 50ft Potoal ....... 1»
100 Con C A V.I 27^ 200 Potost 13
20O Con C A V...1 33 ICO 8*var» ..... w 34
100 Con C * V...1 25 »0O Bavag* 35
30O Crown Point.. 20 9CO BaTag* ....... M
300 Gould A Cur. i* 500 Scorpion C8
600 Gould A fur. 37 300 dag Belcher., in
600 Goutd A Cur. S« 800 Pl-rr* N«r. . . . 48
200 Hale A Norc. 67 200 Sierra Not... 49
200 Hale A Norc. 31 IOO Silver Hill... 84>
200 Hale A Norc. 50 300 Stlrer {Till... "3
200 Justice ...... 13 700 Union Con... *»
200 Justice .......14 600 Cnton Con... T 1 *
600 Mexican .....1 20 IOO Union Coa... 64
SCO Mexican 125 300 Utah . ... SO
200 Mexican .....1 13* 200 Tel Jacket.... S3
Afternoon Session.
400 BeleSer 29 700 Blerra N»r ..43
100 Con Cal A V.I 20 IOO Unjon ....... .«*
600 Imperial (K 500 Union ....... '65
500 Exchequer ... 13 300 teuton ....... <M
500 Exchequer ... 12 300 Union ....... 63
100O Justice 13 SCO Utah '19
200 Mexican ...1 12H 400 Yellonr Jacket 31
200 Mexican 1 10 ICO Yellow Jacket 31
600 Sarage 36 IOO Tellow Jacket 80
300 81*rra Nev .. 4« -
TONOPAH MTNINO BXCRA^Aj.
Following were t»»« sale* 'on th« Saa TVaa-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning BeasJon. -
tOOO Brunswlek .. OS 600 Ton Midway-..' ST
100 Moat Tcn..l 17H 60O Ton Midway.. M
20O Mont Ton....l 23 2WToa N Star.. 85
200 Mont Ton..l »V»
Afternoon Bewlon. .
400 MacNamara . U( 100 Too *. Cal.. tl
100 Mont Ton 1 SO/ 200 Ton MM way.. ST
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Deo. 3—4 p.m.
Bld.Aslr.i . . »1«r.A»k.
Alpha ....... <M C9 Julia ........ 0» 04
AHa 02 Oft Justice 13 '14
Andes........ 20 21 Kentuck' 04 03
Belcber .. 28 30 Keyes Oraa.. — 1 tO
Best'A Belch. 1 W> 3 00 Mexican ..'...1 10 I 15
Bullion OA CO Occidental ... BO 63
CaledonU .... 94 07 Ophlr 3 10 2 13
Challenge C 23 27 OTerman .... 19 17
Chollar 15 17 Potosl 14 IS
Confidence ... $5 9S,8avaff9 37 - -T>
Con Cal A V.I 20 1 23|S«>rpton 01 «t
Con Imperial. 03 06, Pej Belcher .. (** 11
Con N Y 14 1« Sierra N«w... 43 47
Crown Point.. 20 22 Silver Hltl ... T7 19
Eureka Cc-n.. — 30 St Lonts ..... 13 —
Exchequer ..'. 12 15 Syndicate .... 04 M
Gould A Cur. 37 39 Union Con .. M 68
Hals A Nor.. '51 54 Utah IT. 1*
Lady' Wash.. — W Yellow Jack.. S3 S4
TONOPAH MINES. -
Bld.Ask.i Bld.Aik.
Esperansa ... — C2jTon A Cal.... — tl
MacNamara . — 14 Ton of N«v..5 M t »
Mont Ton.,.. 1 27% — Ten • N Star. M »•
Paymaster... O3 — t Ten MMway. M |T
Rescue ...... 04 W|Unit«d To«... M U
Ton B-lmoat.. 71 SO 1
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Pec. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts.
25,000; Slow: good to prime steers, $5 25®5 75:
poor to medium, $3 60Q4 90; stockers . and
feeders. $2@410; cows, $1 60®4:. heifers. «2®
4 "Sicanneru: $1 50®2 40; hulls,;, |2@4 -30;
calves, ?2 60<56 .*)0; Texas fed steers, . |3@4;
Western eteers, $3^4 CO. - • : --. ¦•¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 45,000: ¦* to-morrow,.
35,000f steady; mixed and . butchers', r $4 25^
4 e<0; good to choice heavy. 14 45®4 60:. ro«gh
heavy, $4 25<tf4 40; light, $4:20^4 40;. bulk of
sales,: $4 33(f 4 45. . X-.IV--:...^ /i ;. ' , %¦
SHEEP — Receipts. 25.000: sheep and lambs,
steady ; good to choice wethers. $3 .75®4 25;
fair to choice mixed. $3®3 75,' ¦ Western' sheep,
$3®4 60; .native ' lambs. ¦ 53 60«S 80; -Western
lambs, .|3Q4 65. , . •" :
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. — The -cotton market
opened 'firm at an advance of. 6 to 13, point*
and closed very steady, ... net unchanged, to 6
points , higher. ,. -' • yrfr:;?<N
Nezv York Cotton Market.
W.YEGETABLF.S— Green Peas. 2@4c per lb:
String Beans, 2@5c per.lb;- Wax. 2S5c: Lima
Beans, -^-r- per lb;' Tomatoes. 25@76c per box
for bay and , 60S "5c per crate for Lot An
gt-les: Summer Squash. $1 per, box for bay and
60S65C.' for Los Angeles;" Cabbage," 60c per
ctl ;.. Carrots." 75c per sack; Cucumbers, $1@1 25
per-.box<for bay- and 60®75c."for Los Angeles;
Garlic, ti©Sc ccr lb: 12Vic per lb;
Green Peppers, 35@50c psr , box:- Mushrooms,
35^750' per drawer; Marrowfat Squash, f^ij 10
per ton; Hubbard, . $12. ' : . ; , j;; -
, The Potato market was quiet and weak ex
cept for the best Salinas Burbanks, which con
tinued to meet with a steady demand for local
Use. Oregohs were dull and there was a sharp
little decline j in prices. The steamer Elder
arrived ; rather late with 2343 sacks and very
few -sales - hed been made^ up to a late, hour.
River Burbanks continued to arrive freely, and
as there -; was no outlet . for shipping-, ¦¦ stocks
were steadily- accumulating but holders were
'firm'? in . their,; views and were not • inclined to
¦ force'- sales. The- market wav firm ' for. good
quality offerings of Sweet Potatoes .and two
cars of fresh stock that were marketed cleaned
up quickly at an advance. Onions ruled weak
and the-top quotation was obtained ' only r for
small lots of the Australian Brown' variety.
iTbe.Or:gon;Bteamer brought down 600 sacks. .
;-¦.' Fresh.- supplier- of Lcs Angeles vegetables
were', delayed -by ; "a train • wreck . and did- not
arrive until the afternoon and th» bulk of. the
receipts ; had to - be carried . over. The ' belated
arrivals : had • been • over'.: two days .In transit
and : most : ot[ the stock- came _ to .. hand cooked .
owing to the! lack of ventilation -In the cars.,
Carried-over^ stock,; chiefly of poor -quality,
was .offering: freely^ In the early • mornlnjc and
:sc-!d; slowly .rat ..unsteady- prices. • Bay Toma
toes dull nnd as usual there was
quite "a- surplus" unsold' at the close.
POTATOES— Burbanks , from the, river. ««J
We per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 45 per ctl;
Oregon ' Burbanks. 85c@Sl per ctl ; River Reds.
60<S75c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
' -ONIONS-^-Sl®! 20 per -ctl.'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New York Stocks steady, with higher Industrials.
Local Securities still quiet and featureless.
Domestic Exchange firmer and Sterling weaker. Silver advances.
]Vheat in %ood supply and quiet, the world over. ..
Barlex Ibver'. zdth liberal receipts.
' Oats steady,™ spite of large arrivals.
Western Corn lozver, wit/9 a quiet market. '*
Lima Beans firm , with a good demand for shipment.
Butter and Cheese in large supply and zveak.
Eggs steady, with decreased receipts from the ranches.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Provisions sfiozring more tone in IVestcrn markets.
No further change in Hay, Bran and Middlings. .
Rolled Barley, Mixed Feed and Corn Meal lower.
Lumber trade reported in good condition.
Potatoes and Onions plentiful, quiet and weak. .
1'rgetables from the south delayed by a train wreck.
Poultry and Game in good den\and and steady.
Oranges in light demand and lower. Apples active and firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Dec. 2.— The London tin mar
ket was firmer, spot closing 12s 6d higher at
£119 while futures were 10s higher at "£120
2s 6d In New York tin advanced slightly,
clcslng -at *2S 80©2«.v •-.:.¦• -
Copper was unchanged in London, closing at
£65 for SDOt, while futures were 2s 6d lower
at £54 12s 6d. >
Lead was unchanged •. at £11 Is 6d In}Lon
don and closed here at $4 25.
Spelter declined 2s 6d in London to £20 10a.
Locally lt ; was also lower, closing at $5 25. .
Iron closed at 4Ss 6d in Glasgow and at 41s
7%d In Middlesboro, these being the lowest
prices quoted during: the past; two years. Lo
cally Iron was quiet. No. 1 foundry Northern
was quoted at $15@16. No. 2 foundry Northern
at $14@15, No. 1 foundry Southern and*No. 1
foundry Southern soft at $13 50@14. V
New- York Metal Market.
> Continued firmness In Lima Beans Is re
ported and there. Is a good demand for. ship
ment. • The other kinds: are still •quiet.
BEANS— Baycs, $2 30@2 50:.Pea. $3; But
terr, $3 25; email White, $2 85@3; large White,
$2- 25® 2 50; Pink., $2 25®2 60; Red, $3@3 25:
Lima. $2 S5@3: Red Kidneys. $1 25: Blackeye.
$2£2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 50@2.
sa SKEDS — Brown Mustard, *3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 65©2 85; Flax. $1 80£"l 00; Canary.
6®5%c for ¦ Eastern; Alfalfa. ll@14c; Rape.
1%©2tSc: .Timothy. 6©6%c; . Hemp. 3%@3%c
per lb;> Millet, 3@3#c; Broom Corn. Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, 11 80&2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
" ' HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lUc under ' quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 8c; medium 8e; light, 7%c; Cow Hides.
'%c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stiji. 6c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted 'Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%@llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc- Sheepskins, shearlings. 23<d30c each;
short Wfcol. 40669c each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 fcr large and $2@2 SO for medium. $1 23
©175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. $101 25 for small and "60c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32c; dry salted
Mexican; 25c; dry Central American. 32c Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium. 83c: small." 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb:
No. 2. 4c; grease. 24«:!c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 9©
lie; Middle County. 11012c; Northern Free.
11612c; Northern Defective 10©11c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12O14C; Nevada. 13615c; Ore
gon fine " 18019c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 10@22c per lb for California.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Europe," increased 900,000 bushels; total supply
Increased l.«44,000 ¦ bushels. - > Corn— United
States and Canada. east ; of,' the Rockies, de
creased 638,000 bushels. Oativ^-Unlted .States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, Increased
373.000 bushels. «
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8Hc: two tiercel,
8%c; ; five tierces. 8%c per. lb. v
13 50; Barley. $11613: Stock. $10^11; Alfalfa,
$10/tfl2 M per'ton.
STRAW— 4013655 ; per bale.
'THE SAN :> PRANCISCOGALL,y THURSDAY. DECEMBER 3, > 1903:
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec. 2.— There ru a eonsid
<--raM» Increase In the volume of dealings «n
the Slock Exchange e C e!n to-day. accompanied
by*» period of conspicuous strength. Realis
ing in nnv storks »w In evidence »t all
trmes ajrl thic tendency Kpmd through the
market until It became topneary and turned
Nezv York Stock Market.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY !
fe" 5^ fe
THIRD CONSIGNMENT FROM
CHURCHILL CO., YREKA.
AUCTION SALE of 10O HEAD unbrok*
mares 1 and geldtngs -weighing from 100» tt
1300 consigned by CHURCHILL CO.. YR-KA,
8ISK1YOU COUNTY, CAL.. from their well
know J. F.. C. B. and D. ranches. These
horses are blocky built, have good feet and
legs and will make good milk, express, deliv-
ery, bakery, grocery , and general purposes
horses. They are very easily handled.
Fanners desiring horses to work or breed
should not miss this sale.
." To be »old on
TUESDAY, Dec. 8, 1908,
At 11 A. M., At
SALESYARD 1732 MARKET ST., cor. Van
Ness ave.," 8an Francisco.
Horses at yard Saturday. Dec. 5.
FP-ED H. CHASE _ CO..
(Successors, to Klllii> _ Co.)
' Livestock Auctioneers.Tf IE/ SAN FRANCISCO, CALL,- THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, -1903.
14
EMPLOYMENT WASTEP— FEMALE.
YOUNG , woman (public Bchool : teacher) de- \
siring to spend six weeks In country will
coach children on a ranch In grammar
grades for board and transportation. Box
2835. Call office. - ¦'
DRESSMAKER, cloak' and suit maker, cutter
and fitter; only flrst-class work; gowns made
at home: few more engagements per day. E.
C. BARS9. 64 Webster st. - ....
COMPETENT drl wants a situation to do
, light housework in American family. Box ;
2837, call office^ ; '
AN experienced woman wishes work by the
day. or half day; housecleanlng, windows or
any work. 49 Ivy ave.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing. .
ironing, housecleantng; $1 35 a day. MRS. ;
SIEBOLD, 206 Ritch st. '
A WILLING elderly woman wishes a place to
do any kind of light workf city. Call at 210
Ninth st, «__
GOOD cook; will do plain washing; also young-
girl to do upstairs work or take care of .chil-
dren; references. Apply 1314 Jessie st., near (
Herman, . '
A LADY would like to take «:b_nje of a
roomin»-house of about 25 room-; will do all
the work; salary $35 and room. Address •
J. H. S.. box 29H8. Call. .__. ¦•
A LADY would like a place to do general
housework or would go out by the day.
273S Bryant st. / v
A YOUNG girl, very food of children and .
willing:, speaks German and English, wishes .
, situation; please stata wages. Box 2808. Call.
POSITION wanted by respectable lady as
housekeeper In widower's family; first-class
references. Box 850. Call office. Oakland. .
NORWEGIAN girl wishes" a place at general
housework in an American family. 2161.
Sanchez «t.. near Fifteenth.
WOMAN with a child wishes place as laun- |
dress or housework for small family; wages .
$25. 424 Tenth st. _____
WANTED by capable middle-aged lady posi-
tion as housekeeper- , widower's family pre-
f erred. MRS. J.. box 4733, Call.
WANTED — By a young, refined, highly edu- .
cated lady position as companion; test of 5
references. Box 3462. Call.
WANTED— Children's sewing at home; Is a
first-class plain sewer on all' garments; can .
furnish references. 402 Eighth at. j
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a Job at house-
work. Call at 1832 Powell^ st._ .
A COMPETENT good cook with best city ref-
erences; wages $30 to $35. Box 2800. Call. .
A • FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by '
the day; call for S days. 77 Ninth st. .
WANTED — Work by the day, washing 6r
housecleaning ; please call. C16 Fclsom st. .
PLAIN sewing. $1 50 per day. 2246 Central ]
ave.. Alameda; phone Eagle 1053.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at. .
- «
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
COACHMAN best of references. German gard- 1
encr references, also an English butler. Just
, arrived, wish situations. See J. F. CROS- ;
ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A SOBER, industrious man. willing to work. | ;
wants position in business house or to drive •
wagon. Box 2S34, Call. . I
WANTED— A situation by ablebodied ,man in
wholesale house: good common school educa- :
tlon. Apply PUTNAM. 40 Oak st.
3ERMAN ranch cook wants position; flrst-class 1
references. Box 2S3O, Call. i
YOUNG man wants work of any kind by the ! <
day, week or month. Box 2S41.' Call office. ;
AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where .general administrative ability,
with practical knowledge of all agricultural
branches, especially forestry, would be In
requisition. Box 4568. Call office. ;
YOUNG man 'with push desires position assist-
ant shipping clerk or general assistant around ;
store; good references in house furnishing
goods line; age 24. Address R. L. G., 251
Minna st.
TO flrst-class installment house — Experienced
salesman for your domestic dry goods de-
partment, blankets, curtains, linens, etc.; '
excellent stockkeeper; good references. Box ¦
20S6. Call office. .
WANTED — Position of trust or collector by a
middle-aged married man: flrst-class refer- I
ence from last position of 15 years. Addresa I
box 2004. Call office. »
POSITION by a middle-aged male nurse to
take care of Invalid gentleman. Box 2822.
Call. *_
BARBER, competent to fill position as such,
would like steady or Saturday and Sunday
work. Address 39 Clara st.
STEADY, sober man wants work of any kind;
can milk, care of horses; no garden work; j
city or country. Box 280". Call.
MAN wants to finish barber trade: has had 2
years' experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
SON. CSS Howard st.. city.
SOBER man wants good home for the winter: |
willing to do light chores In exchange for
room and board. JONGHAUS. 1031 Mission.
BARBER desires evenings and Saturday work.
1410 Larkin st.: call bet. 2:30 and 4:30 or
after 8:30 p. m. ; phone Lwrkln 1192.
AN experienced baker's helper desires position j
Jn city on cakes or bread. Box -821. Call.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work. Box
2005. Call office.
A SOBER young man wishes to learn good
trade. Room 223, Winchester Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants short hour
work. H. S.. 277 Minna st.
UPHOLSTERER, carpet and drapery man 1
wants work. 2231 Mission st. j
BARBER wants position evenings, Saturday I
» and Sunday. P-ox 2039. Call. |
JAPANESE first-class cook, wants position In ,
small family In San Matea; wages $25 up. |
Address YAMA. 415 Seventh St.. Oakland;;
tel. Black 2432. j
YOUNG Chinese, good cook, wants position in
private family or boarding-house. CHUNG
W r ING. 92 Clay St.. room 2.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In a
family In town: 15 yrars" exp?r ence in Japam;
$35 to $50. TAGUCHI. 935 Sacramento st.
AN honest young Japanese who speaks good J
English wishes to do housework. Address H.
MAKA. 023 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a' po-
sition as schoolboy; plain cook or waiter; $2
week, room. SAKA. SOT Polk at.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy or
- half-day work. N. K., 20 Lewis place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
Valencia st.
FLATS ~TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-239 Geary
at., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fiats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want STERLING FL'RNITURB
COMPANY. 1039 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free. ' x
SIXTEENTH. 2821 — Modern Improved upper
flat to let; 3 rooms and bath: unfurnished.
ELLIS, 824 and 826 — 3 and 5 room fiats; Just
finished: $35 and $45.
THREE sunny rooms and bath; marine view.
1200 Taylor st.
$7— LOWER flat. 72CH Harrison «t.. between
- Third *nd Fourth.
FLATS TO I,KT— PUKXISHED.
CAPP. 614 — Flat of five sunny completely fur-
nished room!<, piano, gas and coal range.
Call between 10 and 5.' .
DIAMOND. 810 — Flat of 3 unfurnished rooms;
hot and cold water: $16. ¦ .
FLATS FOR SATE—FWlSlSnED.
$123 — FURNITURE of 3 rooms, including up-
right piano. 617' Stevenson st.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 6 rooms for sale;
cheap. 150 Eddy st. ¦ .
JONES, 90fl — Departure: furnished flat of 7
.rooms and bath: a good Investment. ¦
FLATS WAXTED^-Fl'RMSHED.
FURNISHED Hat wanted by a small family; I
a completely furnished, coxy, sunny, modern I
flat of six or seven rooms and bath in best
locality. Box 2815. Call office.
FINANCIAL. '.
COMPANIES IncorDorated. financed and stock
floated. W. H. bITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial > Act nt. 32- Emma Spreckels bldg.
. ¦ , rACIAJ- MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 5Oc. M. LL'TO.N, mani-
curing parlors. "Gt Larkln St.; ption* Polk 17.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and irdse. L. H.
. BURD, auctioneer. IS IS Mkt-;tel. Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. . 773 Mission, phone Red 44«..
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
V 1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 897-
C V MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock. >1. 1084 Bush st. ( . '.- \
MME. VIGAR'S test meeting to-night, 10c. 142
Sixth St.; sittings daily.
MME YOUNG'S marvelous spirit messages to-
night. 10c: sittings dally. ulO McAllister St.
MRS. CONNOLL, 148 Sixth st. : circle e.very
night; tests to all, 10c; readings dally.
MRS. L HODGSON, 148 sixth St., circles Wed.,
Thurs., Frl. and Sat. Readings dally, 10 to, 5.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
cles Wed., Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m. 540 Ellle st.
MRS A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk St..
room 26. The Gladstone. . corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EA RLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A~PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No 'Charge. • No Charge
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry; in
fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
ferarated restore lost affections.' cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lo«t energy; 10 a. m . to 8 p. m.; Sun. 2-6.
32« O'Farrell St.; low fee thlg week — $1. $1. $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
• Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present Tiappenings and portrays events to
occur, in Ifieifuture; if you are In trouble,
discontented; or not satisfied in life, or have
domestic. "love 'or business troubles. . consult
this great medium, and you will be toW how
to overcome them; .valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
REAR ADMIRAL GREER. U. S. N.,
Says: "Mme. Llvorno demonstrated, my
character and career In a wonderliil man-
ner."
• L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
THE WORLD RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER. ,
. . 34 KEARNY ST. ,
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel Biack 2435.
.(tig-See portrait of Mme. Llvorno ar.d original
testimonials at entrance. Three qutstlons by
mall. $1. Send month and year of birth.- _
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy,^ clall [Y 0 _:* n t t _, l t n . < J
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings' dally^ 10 a.
"m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered. 11;.
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of 'birth: don't send currency. Send postof flee.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist/ clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall, try me to-
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
COME AND HAVE. YOUR LIFE~~READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
1 And l^arn Mental Telegraphy.
>. . ' 418 Ppat ; St. : . hours 10 to . 8. 1
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
¦ card ¦ reader; Just ; returned ... from long .: ab-
sence. 7IO6 Geary.. near Mason, room 1.
MME. MARSEAU.. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies.<25 cents ;: gents. : 60 cents; hours. 1 to
. 0. -1 545 Minna st. . ¦- - :¦-¦ ' '¦ :¦ ' : ] - - : ' ¦'
A— Mme. Ravenna' reads life, business advice;
'..:, names given; 25c up. ' 8 4th at., near Market.
MISS ZEMDAR; young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L.50c;G., <1. 714 Franklln.nr.Q.G.ave.
MME. JACQUES, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings dally. 939 Eddy,; right-hand bell.,
MISS WARD gives names, date- and facts;
hours. 11 a. " ro.--.to 9 P-" ~- *1 3 Mason; no sign
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
i 26% - Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. : gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
¦ . t)ngj> dally. 44S^i Jessie st.vjbet.- 6th and 6th.,
. . CIiOTHUr-lS. . : -
C.-F. ADAMS CO. •
I - SPECIAL CREDIT STORE. A
¦ ..We clothe ' the :, whole ; f amil/, • from '. hats to
: thoes ; - everything - up ' to date ' at cash prices.
Credit -for all.; * 318 Mascn St. ;„ ; .'. •.;«".. '. ¦',
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
. STEIN BROS... 25 .Stockton st.. on small
weekly, payments; goods delivered on first
- payment.
THE^GAUij
EJOHir D. rPSSC-CEIiS. Proprietor. j
uTicss icffinii-anoes laJOHS McSADGET, Maiager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager*
TELEPHONE.
*.«-k tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You With the Department You Wish.
•I'ubiicaUon Office Market and Thlid. S. F.
Editorial Rooms. .. :..._17 to 221 Stevenson et.
DeiH-Ttd by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Ctf. Per Month. Hlngle Copies 5 Cents.
Terr ns by Mail, including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (lncluJ. Sunday*. 1 Year $$.00
1>A1LV CALL iinclud. Hunday). « dim 4.00
1}*ILY CALL— B>- Single Month 75c
tfUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
VEEK-Y CALL. l-.Year l <*>
' FrtBFirv I Daily... $S.W> Per Year Extra
' i O c R *; I( ?£ * Sundsy.. 4.15 Per Tesr F_tra
.it'STAOh. | -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
>LL POSTMASTERS ARE Al'IHOniZEl
: TO RECEIVE" SUBSCRIPTIONS.
P-mple" Ccplfs will be forwarded when re-
* . q-jested.
« r-
s__ii -ub*CTiber» in ordering change of ¦<!-
4t*t* should be particular to give both NEn |
itXD OLD ADDRESS" In order to insure a I
l~rorgpt and correct compliance with their re-
<p:est. 'i ¦
*'>¦?• .. OAKLAND OFFICE. __¦
yis Brcadti-aj • Telephone Main 1CS3 j
f BERKELEY OFFICE.
H4S Center Ftrcr t Telephone North « «
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
rtOnTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street, N. W .
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
".~Val<jr>rf-A-tori- Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Ifalon pquare; -Merray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
riue Hotel ar.d Hcffman Hcufp.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
•Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: .Tremont House; Auditorium
. tl< ¦-:. Palmer Houee.
I CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE : '
C.GtOHiiE KRO(5NESS...Marquette Building
: <Lcrg Distance' Telephone. "Central 2619'.")
I NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN «. SMITH...*. 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAKLTON ....: Herald Square
Vt'SINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco j
.' Call, tcrr.er Market ar.d Third streets; open |
. • until 12 o'clock f very night in the year.
• • BRANCH OFFICES:
1W* Market etrect; o;*n until 11 p. m.
TJTI M-m'tgcmery street, crrner Clay; open un-
y^> U-yer street: cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
<"3w M<-A!li»ter ttrett; open until 0:30 p. nv
y>*¥ Mlffion street: open until 10 p. m.
«:15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
22fil Market rtreet. cemer Sixteenth; cpen un
: tu a r>. — . -:
$"« Eleventh 'ftreet: r.pen until 0 p. ra.
Vf# Valencia street: open until 0 p. m. .
i'ortheast ccrner Church and Duncan streets;
I T*n until n p. m..
corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
¦ rucky street*: <-pen until 0 p. m.
r?W FiUnif>re ftreet:.open until !» p. m.
rinmn yiiBVictis.
fcVANGE LIST; MckIXRE. from Ireland, will
hold *r*cial meetings at Sixteenth St.. near
; X'alenrie. in Goppel Hall. Thursday. Friday
• nnd -eunday. a« 7:45 p. m. Everybody wel-
• come; no co'llfc^tion.
MEETING XOT1CES. ¦
A REGULAR Tvcetlng of Yerba Buer.a *
; 1/oAee of Perfection No. 1. A. ar.J A. f\
S^crttlfch Rite of Freemasonry, -uill be JS\
¦ held In Commr.ndery Hall. Masonic <__«
Tempif <-n THURSDAY EVENING. Decem-
Ber X ¦ lt><«. st 8 o'clock. D.g-ee Four.
'; Vifiting brethren cordially Invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
» [
MISSION «"hapter No. 70. R- A. M.— O
.*tated meetinr • THIS tTHURSDAY) W
• EVENING. 7 :Si> o'clock. Royal Arch /?>
• l*erret. By order of the H. P.
: JNO. -R. IIILLMAN. Secretary.
•-ALIFORN1A Lcd«- No. I. F. _=d A. JS
• M. »-H! meet THIS (THCRSUAT) VV
' EVENING. I>ecemb-r 3. at 7:30 />r\
*.. o'clock. Stated meeting and flection
i of officers. By order of the Ma-ter,
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. .
FIDELITY L.jdte No. 120. F,- ar.d A. _ /
M.— Annual and stated meeting THlSyV
. < THURSDAY* EVENING at 7:30/V\
. r/clfltk. Eleftion of officers. By or-
• _er. of the* \V. M. -
• FREDERICK BARRY. Secretarj-.
ST)1.TH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. _>
2!2. F. and A." M.. meets THIS Vy
• THJ'RSDAY) BVEXING at 7:.W/V\
/)'cloik. Annual stated meeting: eitc-
ti;n of officers. E. C. HARE, Sec.
DORIC Lodge Xo. 216, F. and A. M.— _
• Annual Ftate.J meeting, election olw
nWicers THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- M\
ING. 7:;;0 -o'c'ock. . Ry order ut the
Master. J,' R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and A. _
. M.. 317 Devissuero st. — Annual mett- VV
ing* THIS. (THURSDAY) EVENING
; et 7;3O o'clock. By order of the W.
M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary-
PACIFIC Lodge No.. 155. I. O. O.
F. — Election of r.f«««T!= THIS
" iTHI 'RSIiAYi EVENING. I>e- --*Z<!$!?*2
• m terr.ber • 3. J903. Members aj-e
' -amestly requested to attend. Also meeting
• • of otsree team*. '
THORNTON" THOMPSON. N. G.
• J. S. MEE. Record Ing Secretary'.
""EXCELSIOR Lodpe- No. 126. A. O. U. ,.<iv
; W.— The -funeral of .Brother T. C. l^KZ-
PEDLER will take place from the \&f<
¦ Howard Preyb>-terian Church at 10 *£&£'*
o'clock THIS <Fi{IDAT) MORNING. 11cm-
btrf are notified to 'attend.
. -NOTICE— AH members of the Vet- >_g.V
: r--»Ti Firemen's Association of .Ss.n Z-tCftA
Franclsca are notl.ned to assemble vilw
¦t hall of Exempt Fire Company, 15 Brenh^m ;
- place, on THURSDAY EVENING Decem-
ber 3. 1JKJ3, at 7:30 o'clock, to attend the
thirty-seventh anniversary of the crganiza-
- tion of the S. F. F. D. A silver badge of
I .the organization will be present*-! to each
member attending. The following officers
were elected to serve during the coming
year: President. W. H. Williams: first vice
president. Bamuel Baker; second \lce presl-
- dent. J. J. Ma honey;: recording secretary L
S. Comart; financial secretary, S. G Drum-
. —ond: treasur-r. R. J. Courtier; directors.
Richard Ccx, J. R. Lawson, Joseph T Win-
ter?, P. J. Stocklnger, Hugh MrHugh"; mar-
• thai. Henry RobinetL •
CHEAPEST and b*st in -America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, ¦*« to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl
postage f* Id. '
AGENTS WAJfT^D.
AGENTS— An arency for a proposition that Is
- a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WE have a very attractive offer for _ub*crlp-
Uon repre«entaaves In the Pacific Coait
.States. Address 69 Columbian bldg.. 8. F.
A.TTORAKY8-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER,
ATTORNET .AND COUNSELOR AT LA"" '
Advir» free. Phone South 74S.
Suite 222, Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
P*_5_?, or *" Ut ' : re P lMl n« property un-
lawfully oetained; attachments snd garnish-
ment, for debts; bpnds furnished: bankruptcy
Pro__llngs; wuis probated; estates settled^
collecttons made In all parts of tbe U. S.
A PRIVATE quick divorce for a small fee.
Bee me ana aave money; no Dar in s<4i'«n~_.
_. O. W- HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW *'
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2, 3 4 & 5 1st fL
1122 Market «.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free, ail matters. Detectives employed!
AA— THE Legal Advisory. Inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice In all courts: attachments di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate 511
S11A. 811B Crossi-y bldg. NE. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sts.; teL John 2920.
R V^ r - KrN0 " A «°->ey-at-Law. Exam bldg.
«th floor entrance room 611; established 20
>ears; all cases; general court and office
ho fee In advance or for consuila-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free— r will advance cost tn merltorl-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
case*; no fees In advance; open every even-
lnr. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market s7, V. 3°.
ADVICE FREE. *
Columbian Law and Collection Arency
. Room 85, 816 Market »t.; tel. John C22&,
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet- odwb
•venings. examiner bonding, room 315.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings: tensnts
e'ected. |5. 916 Msrket. r.62;phone Dlsck 651.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quirk, quiet; advice
frr-e; open evenings. 027 Market st., r. 301.
' . P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
k»t st.; consultation free; no fees l.i advance.
MjVICE free; no charge uclens successful- all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
------——-—-—— __
WAR— UNO canaries, talklnr parrots; all
kin— 1 cf song and fancy birds; goldfish seed
cares, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
men. Uta __rket st.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 2 cooks, lltf.e washing. $:»; col*.
small country hotel. $40: cook for sh-jrt
distance* acrsss the bay. 6 grjwn people,
$-¦35: 2 second girls, $25: par'.or maid. $33;
maid. $25; waltrena. cafe. $li: 3 Iaundre3se«. '
$:«>; 2 lunch waitresses. 75c; cleaninn wom-
an hospital *_o: dormitory girl. $20; ' 3
nurse girls S2O $25: chambermaid, country
hotel. 820 'and '40 general housework girl*,
city and country. $2O.' *-5. *K>. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT <E CO.. 334 Sutter at.
WANTED — Firxt-class dining-room Kir! for
country hotel, south. $°>0: waitress ani so.ne .
chamberwork hotel, north. $25. fare paid.
very nice place: increase In wagfa and
charge of dinlng-roora 1n spring. J. F.
. CROSETT & CO.. 3-"-* Sutter St^g •
SAN FRAXCISCOEMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
17 Fourth st. __SK— 'UP>1
Housekeeper for 1 man. Fruitvale. S15.
found; girl for light housework, city. $13.
found; light housework for -. East Oakland, %
$15. fourd; housewo-k for 4 adult*, city. Sj.5,
found; dining-room work for Institution. $_t>.
found; nurs« girl citv ref %'-Q found.. At
S. F. EMP. BUREAU; Pbo'ne Grant 2K.
A COO£ $40; 2 cooks. $35 and $30; second girl."
$25: Jlrirse. institution $25; house girl. $'J5.
MIS9 NORTON. 313 Sutter :
A— WANTED— Girls to learn, hairdrfastnr
manicuring, etc,; trade taujfht from A to Z
¦ In 2 weeks: $5 t.-> those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; position- guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. 233 Geary at.; room 13^ _.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for sprtns sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10. positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
¦day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslnsr
trade; manicuring, masrage- etc. 1238 Mar-
kd st.. cor. Jones, room 8»;'positlons secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
8EWTNG MACHINE OPERATORS AND RrV-
ETERS;. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO '3
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1S73 '
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
SALESLADY for first-class bakery; experience
and references asked: no fee: apply » to 11
a. m. Restaurant-Keepers' Association. 8
Eddy st.. room 48. • ¦
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for Invalid and
assist with light housework: car fare. 211
Eighth a\e., corner California st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies In laces and ho 9 -. •
Iery. JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Mai ket st. \
NEAT young girl fcr stationery store: wages
$•"5. Apply Call branch. 2.CO Flllmore st.
WANTED — Girl ttf assist In general housework;
family of. adults. 1015 Golden Gate ave. '
RELIABLE and Intelligent lady, over 26. for
responsible undertaking. Box 2S12. Call.
WANTED— A coolt at a boarding-house; youns;
lady preferred. 570 Harrison «t. . •
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; wages
$25. 31C0 Jackson st.
WANTED — A polisher. and neck band ironer;
alto a body ironer. 3372 Mission st.
TWO artist' s> models: not over 5" feet 4; of rood-
shape. Box 2840. Call office.-
! WANTED — A woman who' la an expert hair-
dresser. ' understands shampooing.* manicur-
ing, etc.: s.ilary $12 to $15. a week: state
age, experience, etc. Apply box 2818, Call. .
I WANTED — German girl for urwtairs work and •'
1 care of baby: wages $2O to '$25. .Call ft to
j 10:30 a. m., 517 Buena Vista ave.: Halght.-
, st. car. get off at Central ave.
! GIRL for Alameda. -care for "chfld 2 years" old .
I and assi-t In upstairs work; waxes $20. Box
2S2S. Call. . '
WANTED — Experienced woman for "housework
and cooklns. Apoly or write 2103 Clinton
ave.. Alameda.; wages ?25. - .
YOUNG girl to take out 4-y^ar-old child, as-
sist with light housework. 1064 Pase »t,
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss •
M G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions r»ceived at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church -;s.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and smhsTiptloM .
. received at Call branch office. 22W> Fil'mor*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the re?«r>-
tion of advertisement? and subscriptions haa
| been opened at 1008 Market !»t., opposite
I Fifth. Orx»n untii II o. m. • "
HELP WASTED MAL_.
AT C. R. HANSEX ft CO.'S.. Ph-n- Grant 1S3
420 Bush st 642 Clay st
Broiler, restaurant. $70; vegetable cook. $RO>
Shirt ironer and finisher, first-class hotel
laundry, south. $40 aad found.
S Man to keen time and book* and tend bar
for a camp. $.TO and found. •
Cook, country hotel. $H>. '
2 bellboys, city. $30.
Cooks, pantrymen, waiters, porter-, $15-$73.
\ Coachman and wife, call early, private place,
$50: blacksmith, ranch. $'U" and found. . >t
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency
420 Bush st :' C42 Clay st.
llr. Eccles. the nurs-. please call or «enj •
address to C, R. HANSEN & CO.. 4-O Bush.
i mm___s ¦ _%
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S "
Employment Office.
420 Bujh st S42 Clay st.
23 UNDERGROUND MINERS— $2 SO Day.
To work In a tunnel. Los Angeles County.
Only experienced underground miners *ranted.
Free Transportation. Frse Transportation.
[ C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. Employment Office."
! 420 Bush st 642 CTay st.
I PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT. "
520— Sacramento St.— 520.
Phone Main 1191. • Cor. Leidesdorff st.
I COAL MINERS— NEW MEXICO.
i CHICO— BUTTE CO.— HALF FARE— Ship
to-night — ?.O teamsters. $2 25 and $2 80: 10
laborers, do llttl- teaming, cheap fare. $2 25
a day; B laborers, north. $2 25.
MINES AND TUNNELS.
2 foremtn. tunnel, part free fare, ship to-day.
S12O; S tunnelmen. cheafp .fare. *<5O an<i
found; 3 tunnelmen, $82 50; 3 shaft miners,
-outh. $00; 10 miners, north, csll to-day. $75;
5 carmen, same mine, north. SST 50; 19
miners, gold quartz, hard rock, $3. D hours.
boss here to-day: blacksmith's helper, city, .
$2 day; cook, city: pastry, cook, city; dish-
washer: 4 farmers and teamsters. $28 to $•*<)
and four.d: man and wife, private place, city.
$35 and found.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEN'CT,
. 520— Sacramento St.— 520.
AT CAI- EMP. AGENCT. 53 Third st.— 3 lum-
ber plUr«. $.'0 a month: 2 timber fellers.
redwood. $£."> and found: 2 hoy*, light work.
city. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
AMALG AM ATOR : one who can r-:n gaaolln*
engine. CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. }2.
2 colored waiters. $-"?2: masseur to act as
valet for Honolulu. $30. '
A MAN and wife for essy place In city. $S_:
room, but no board. MISS FLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
Men to learn the barber trade In 2 month*
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 CTay st. ' ,^
PROTESTANT Christian youns man. assistant
to bookkeeper; must be good stenograph-r
and tyr>ewriter: city references reaulr-di
salary $40 per month to start: permanent po-
sltton. Box 2S30. Call.
WANTED— 3 good men for premium business:'
good monev to b- made. Call between •.and
S p. m.. SIMON & SONS. 21 Sixth St.. room
. 20. city. .
TRY cur men's shoe-, union marte. at «1 and
si CO ner lair foot-form shoes at $3 oo. or
orthopidic shoe 1 ,. $-1 50: best shoe- « -gi »
Third st-. . Exam, bldg- 5 djv___?___g___
MAK wanted to carry
- SUth »nd Tenth sts.: $3 <*> weeK - ox - a '*«
Call office. .. —
A MAN of indomitably .energy and £»£.££'£
talker. ea«»r ti> — a<e "-^PfJ"
477 and 47S parrottj>u_!<_n* :
FOR sal*^A~2-chalr barber shoo at 1136>i Fol-
Bom st^ ____———— ~*
-iv— -n_r,u« I^on. chef, send your addres-
' W A^.?^^ I Wa__rf-A-tori«. New York.
. ¦ "
' F1 RST-Cl^gg____^f f - » Stockton st.
! WANT^A^^^^^SST on' T-S
'I bounds S SANBORN. VAIL A CO..
; 711 Markctjst. [
1 Z7^ — \ shoes, union made, -at $1 and
¦ T^ U L£- foUf£m shoe- at $2 »); we pay
. flr^^orjnalljcharge-. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
TFV roun , men to assist In advertising- de-
• TEN -.S«t » couole of hours a day In *— c-
: chfnge for their education. California Busi-
ness Cclle.e. 305 Larkln st.
, _...,. coat vest and pants- makers wanted.
• F between 10 and 1» a. m. tn the Stev-n-
P Lt entrance of CHAS. LYONS. London
. TT_o___r_l .M ,
• tr.vTED Competent, reliable man for porter .
. CnA lanitor- permanent position to sattsrac-
! Tnrv man- state a=e. experience, r-f-rences
»£[ w-.es desired. Add-*- box 2S.0, Call.
' twO^CHAIR barbershop tor sale. 2 ltving
; rooms- in back; a snap. 1^ Polk st.
]. JEWELER that can pclish. 323 Bush St.. third
f . flooc ro«a •*.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
• 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. \
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
kinds of business chances.
i 23 r.. near Market; lease; w?ll fur.; $000
1 down *22;»0
<?0 r. ; rent $:Mi0: Market: clears $:S0O mo. 3000
7 r. Van Ness; rent $22 50; nice little
1 home 22.1
_0 r.; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 2300 |
11 r. ; rent $<J0; new. fine fur.; clears $47 850 i
9 r.; Ellis; rent $35: fine home; snap,. 550 I
C8 r.;. cheap rent; clears $;MX) to $400;
money-maker 8300
otl r.; rent $_<; S° Ofl fur.; clears $1CO.. 2000
1 12 r. ; rent $4™ close in; well fur.; sacri-
fice 600
8 r. ; up. flat: everything mod.; departure 750
' 3 r. ; rent $20: cor. flat; Leavenworth;
f nai> • --•"'
4:« r. ; cor.; rent $1SO; apartments well
furnished 4000
lti r. ; new house; furniture; clears VSO. 25C0
; 8 r.; rents $50; modern; finely furn.... 500
22 r. ; rent $S0; lease: newly renovated;
clears *1CO 1850
9 r. : Geary; elegantly fur.; beautiful
home ; departure 650
llr.; Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $.'IS 750
34 r. ; fine; downtown; transient; makes
big money ¦ : 3200
8 r.: rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.;
sickness 400
14 r. ; rent $7.">; oak fur.; good carpets 900
12 r.; clccc in; well fur.: bargain...... 1100
18 r.; fin« corner: new and elegantly fur. 2_50
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY,
10.0 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 700.
Carriage for Customers. ¦ • •
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.
BUYER AND KELLER PROTECTED.
13 rooms; Mission st. ; rent $50 $ 550
20 rooms; rent ?55; snap 1200
» rooms; housekeeping; clears $27 200
12 room*; north of Market: rent $40 500
I 1 1 rooms; Eddy st. ; rent $50 600
I t>0 rooms; transient; liquor license. ....... 2700
j X rooms; Post St., rent $.'12; only 250
j 9 rooms; Sutter St.; X unfurnished 350
j GRAND CORNER; 100 ROOMS; first floor of-
fice; lease; low rent; clears $. r >00 monthly; some
country transient. See this flrst-class proposl-
tlon. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st. ¦
20 ROOMS; now; rent only $90; 3 years' lease;
clears $100; good carpets; oak furniture;
every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY.
MODERN apartment house, 44 rooms; rent
$240; guaranteed to clear $200; 3 and 4 room
apartments: elegantly furnished. See mi
agent. C. E. HINKKEY.
120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room; up to
date. in every respect; Hnely. furnished; books
open; clears $350 to $400 monthly; $6000;
part cash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
- ,- SEE '. : ' '
J. E. TETLOW.
Phone Folsom 2057. ' ' '
1023 Market st.. between Cth and 7th
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ne«s ave.:
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
BOO-— RO HOTJBEB TO __A8_.
A— NEW .downtown rooming-house, theater
district, 112 room?. 49 baths, modern, best
house in city; also ne"w house 3 blocks of
Market street, 150 rooms, bargain to right
party: hotels and apartment-houses to lease,
f!0 rooms up; one of these will suit vr.u
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market street.-
AIR compressed, dry, ice. cold. Is now univer-
I sally . used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury, prices mod-
erate. Apply- S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 8237.-
WHEN you become disgusted > with your work
' send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
.lng^forks, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison'st.:; Al cleaning; *3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J: McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.. tel. ¦ Mission ' 49."
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 1 402 Sntter St.;
tel., Main 394. GEO. AVALCOM & CO., Prop*.
RUDOLfH _ CO., carpet-beating works: price-
1 reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; teL /Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating: Works,
ft~3 ' Golden Gate ave. : telephone :Ea«t 12B.
J COLXJCCTIOX .OFFICES.'; . .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections -made;
I city or country. " PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 llonteomery, rooms 0-10; :tel.'''55SG7
? CTTKES * aTJPTTTB-. *v- ' . _ : j
WHO DOES IT? • H UNTER. . 1206 Market St.
Bend for circular.' -Why. will you suffer?
• . DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
- and McAllister ste.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
' plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; ailings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. * 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewUt.204 Sutter.
DllKSSMAUKUS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDIOKTsUinDurst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's buttbn &¦ buttonhole factory. 1U> Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure ;eve.class. 1010 Mrkt.
? EDyCATJoNAL.
COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night cessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A school" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
structlon.- Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
; dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THELyceum. an accredited preparatory school
' for the university, lay and \ medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
¦ sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. 1*^-
tire Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st. ¦
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.: est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines £ Electrlclty,24 Post
•St., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equlDment. Special catalogue free.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
1 Market st.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
. ' day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
' day eves., Teutonla Hall,'. Howard St., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
EUGENE DF. FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary st.: call 2 to B.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRA TION.... V... Day and
, PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
- etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office," 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOY3IENT j
GEORGE AOKI. 421 PostTt.: tel. Bush~i35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; ; fur-
nishes best ; help; contracts for farm help. «tc
A — ORPHEUM' Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. TeL ¦ Main 5702.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Em p. Office,' 418
• Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Male 5188.
JAPANESE Henry ; Housecleanlng Co. Tel.
James 1651. >2tJ0% Brannan st.~ ' f
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's.-. 411ft Q'Farrcll; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 year*.
-Tel. Main 1D»7. ¦ BRADLEY tk CO.; 640 Clay.
A , MIDDLE-AGED ; woman >. wants • a situation
'¦¦' as housekeeper or light housework for. a sr.._l
family or will take charge of dining-room and
kitchen: good: plain cook; wages $20; ''car-
¦ : fare.- . 515 Minna . st. -; • ¦ ¦ ¦ :
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to take care
of a child in the daytime; go home. even-
Ings;; references.. Pleaso: call, or address 3S2
¦'Fifth St.," downstairs. - .;.
A % MIDDLE- AGED . woman wants a situation :
'i light ' housework or • care of ; Oinlng-room and
kitchen: a good .plain, cook rcer fare; wages
¦ $20. .515 Minna st... . y ; . - .
WANTED— By refined, capable woman, a posi-
tion '» s working : housekeeper; • best ; of " refer-
ences. Box 2S19, Call office.
DtSIXESS_ CIJAXCES. v* |
R. G. WILKE." Heal Estate and Business j
Agent lestablished 14 years). 26% Kearny
St.. rooms 9>and 10.
A £1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on t
the water front, close to Market st. ; dslly |
receipts about *«5; business clearing $300 per
month; trial given: a splendid offer: Investt-
rate «t once. See R. O. WII.KE. 2«Vi
Kearry rt. ' —
A $3!)00; HOTEL and barroom with ."'>0 rooms,.
In Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
ocoup.ed by employeu of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; *>oard bill euaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
r«r month. Call K. O. WILKE. 20%
Kearny et. . ' ¦
A— $900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
r.lshe- rooms; 3 iron: bedsteads In each room;
_*£ years' lease; rent $.55; rooms alone pay j
JTo per month and saloon doing a good busi-
ness. See K. G. WILKE. 2OV4 Kearny st.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a rood
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R, G.
WILKE. 20% Kearnr st.
A— $Ifc00; HALF inteiest In one of the best
corner saloons on w&ter front; lease; dls-
acrermer.t of iartn-.»s c.use of sale; will
r.ll whole for $3400. Call R. O. WILKE.
_«H Kearny t*. -
A— $1250: CORNER ealoon on Fourth st., close
to S. P. freieht Eheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a Rood raying business. See
P.. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; DAIKY produce and delicatessen
store: rent $22; business clears above 1100
per month: livlnr rooms; value In sight.
Call R- G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; SAIiOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle bulldlnjr; place estab-
lished years and doing a good business; or
one cartner will sell his interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. O.-
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. - ¦
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan buildinx: a good paying business,
but must be -acrlflced on account of owner
being sick In hosnital. Particulars R. O.
W1LKF. 2C% Kearny st. v
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason sts.; net rent $150: lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more: value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $650: CIGAR stand on Montgomery st.; a
$700 cigar stand on Ellis st.;- stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third ft.; stock
at invoice: a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st.,
ftcck at invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ¦
A— $1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary st_; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kcarny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business i
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land, I
dwfllins house, plaughter house, shop fix- ;
tures bctlcr tanks, etc: 8 horses, wagons,
and a well pstahlifhed trade; this is a first-
class business proposition. All particulars.
R. G. WILKE. 2C'j Kearny J t.
\ $3500 corner saloon, about 1 block south J
of Chronicle bldg.: established years and aj
first-class raving place: fullest investigation '
solicited: this is a very rare chance. Call]
R. G. "\VILKE, 26U Kearny ft. |
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! _f J, ' i. ' ,'
Are you fooking for a safe and profitable busl. 1
noss opening in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer yoti any number requiring an investment
from "$100 to $50,000: every business oppor-
tunity that passes thrcugh our office must ¦
stand' the closest inve stigation. and we can
I lace you in & store, factory, hotel, mill, of- |
flee or. in tact, any business you may prefer; J
kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Su It 321. Emma Spreckels building.
aII merchants, a-ttention.
Do you -wish to enlarge your business, or do
you*d»t>iJ-e additional capital? If so. we can
furr.iyh vou with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $30,000; we |
have a large number of desirable applicants i
on our book* seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.. |
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building. j
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice, clean stock in
the best town in California; invoice about
$4C00: low rent: long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
! A^ FURNITURE . BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $5000 can |
secure partnership in established business In
this city and take" charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST, CO.. 627 Market et.
~~ A RARE OPPORTUNITY. !
A — $250 cash and services secure interest In !
established offlc? business paying $25 weekly; j
experience not necessary: simple accounts. |
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. j
"ji STENBERG CO.. Phone black 6892. j
783% Market st.
We have for sale at their value a few
groceries. restaurants, bakeries, saloons, i
STORES STORES.
A. STENBERG &O.. 783% Market st._
FOR rale-r-Dellcatessen store: fine lunch room;
near Market st.; cheap rent; 7 furnished
rooms; everything complete. A. STENBERG
CO.. 783% Market eV
ADVERTISER wishes to Invest $10,000, with
services, in sound, paying business* nothing
speculative O r experimental: particulars nec-
essary to insure attention. Box 2o91, Call.
. ' ; j
A— WORKI.VGMAX'S boarding-hou3e; good lo-
cation: low rent; «teady boarders; no agents.
Box 280:{, Call office.
WANTED— A man with $ti50 for half interest
in good paying business ; paying $:$00 month-
ly. Address box 4570. Call office^
$1000 — Partner; $150 month guaranteed; per-
manent business. Hox -S13. Call office.
FOR 6ALE — A weii established harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market St.. or write to box 263. Chlco.
$10 A DAY average assured by the Rockton
race system for p«oi«e who have hard horse
sense. Box 3455, Call.
$15 WEEKLY; steady man with ?150 wanted;
light work. MARtN CO.. 235 Kearny Bt.
FOR pale^Shoe store: 3 living rooms; must be
told account of sickness. 376 Fourth st.
6-ROOM house; new furniture: full: boarders;
near Jefferson Square. Box 2S0_. Call.
.FOR sale — Cigar stand; owner In bad health
caufce of pelllng. flf-i Howard st.
FOR sale — Shoemaker's shop; established 11
years. 11 City Hall ave.
GROCERY and bar for sale; wice $1500.
Washington Brewery, Taylor and Lombard.
FOR -ale — A large, well-paying bakery; short
distance from city. Box 4700. Call.
A BRANCH/offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has j
been opened at 100S Market St., Apposite !
Fifth. Ooen until 11 p. m. . .. . i
LOOCI.XG-HOl'SES FOR SALES. |
r" MARION "-GrIfFIn/i "
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MARION GRIFFIN. >
MARION GRIFFIN.
I MARION GRIFFIN. J
[Boom 406. Examiner Building.]
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator to 4th floor.
LARGE, new, elegantly furnished house; cost
$8000; will sell for amount of mortgage; pos-
itively a forced sale; easy terms; clears $300
a month; $1500 cash necessary.
_J MARION GRIFFIN. ]
HOTEL with bar; 68 rooms; great sacrifice;
only $2100; dining-room seats 100- electric
lights; newly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN.]
PARTLY furnished 20-room house; sunny side;
north of Market; if you have furniture ' In
storage make proposition to
MARION GRIFFIN. ]
TOU can make $10,000 per year in a certain
ultra-fashionable apartment-house; exrlu-
. slvely for sale by MARION GRIFFIN. ]
WE can show you a swell roomlns-hcuse. em-
inently respectable, fur $12,000. from which
$6000 is banked yearly. MARION GRIFFIN.]
JOBS at $3 per day at home are rcarce; we
know of one; price ($1050) Includes 17-room
house. MARION GRIFFIN. }
NEW building; SO rooms elegantly furnished;
clears $150 month; lease;' easy terms.
MARION OKIFFIN. ]
DARING, ability and $4500 will yield a profit
of $500 monthly right here In this city.
Before you Invest elsewhere you'd better go
and se» MARION GRIFFIN. ]
A VERT elegant new modern downtown house
of Co rooms, hot and cold water, electric el-
evator, cteam beat; In splendid neighborhood;
contiguous to the theaters, the best restaur-
ants and the leading retail establishments of
Ban Francisco; the furnishings are of the
best, consisting of oak. enameled Iron and
brass beds; Brussels and Axmlnster .carpets
ond elegant hangings; lease for 0 years; !
clears %WO a month; terms can be arranged !
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Hearst building.
HORTON & TRUBobY.~the" Pioneers!
— o Eddy st, room 100.
• 85 rooms; rent $2 60 per room; new building;
new carpets, wejl furnished; .light and sunny;
clears $200; price $4000.
IIMiO cafch; ill health cause; 100 rooms; $7500;
cheap rent; long lease; corner on Market St.; a
money-maker and rare bargain.
36-room family boarding-house; corner; cleared !
$3000 last 12 months; light and sunny: a* beau-
tiful home; nice, garden; north of Market.
20 rooms; transient; clears $200 month; $1800 '
23 rooms; transient; $2250; $800 cash. 'HOR-
TON _ TRUBODY. . 6 Eddy st.; phone James
5380.
I LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms, rent $15; lease
1 slven. 621% Howard' st.% _y. : , l
|B3r> .- • • * . > - J , _ ; J |i You fill your pockets and all your wants by adver- i
Hii S^^^BBaro-rnetcr 'and I
l-^i^^ I^^^ :¦ r5onoay S' Chilli I
r y^^Sl^^^^SRr^^Sil ¦ Bring your little Want Ad to The . |
ft^ ; S^^^^^^^^^^^1 - ; "& " Cal1 Business Office, Third and |
1 liSi^l^iiM^SI illi Market streets; 1008 Market street, |
i 8&^i^l^^^^^^__^_i^_S^ city, and to The Call Branch at |
P STO^I^^'^^wWW 1H8 Broadway, Oakland, and get |
pil^PS^S^PiP^^^SJ ¦ one °* tnese useful premiums abso- |
& : -i"/^i>ty^^fej|^p4^i- ; '' ¦til This offer opens Friday morning |
I and closes Saturday night at 10 |
'I i^ :^^^S^^^ ' I 41 ' In these columns you can sell your wares and gain |REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONB.
Alameda County.
Bernard P. Miller (single) to Seward ¦ M.
Dodge, lot on — line of Broadway. 100 N of
Amethyst street. E 125. N 49.37. W 123. 9
50. lot 3. block H. map resubdlvlsion Westoa
Tract. Oakland: $10. • .
Mary C. and James L. Barker to Frank S.
French, lot 8. Glen Echo Tract map No. 3,
subdivision of lot 29. Oakland; $10.
Louisa C. Ball (Collins) to , Floyd O. Nel
son, lot on N line of KUnkner or Fifty-ninth
street. 100.18 W of Idaho. N 135.54. W 60. 3
138.62. E 50.0. lot 13. block 6. Butler Tract.
Oakland; $10. ..
Realty Syndicate to S. M. Dodge, lot 13.
block D. Central Piedmont Tract. ¦> Oakland
Township; $10. . ¦ . - . ; .
John S. Moore to Elvirda T. Moore (wife),
lot on S line of Wootsey street, 80 E of Whit
ney. E 40 by S 100, lot 6. map Berkeley Paxk.
Berkeley; gift.
Albert E. Plerc« (single) tc* Carl Sorensen
(single) lot on W line of Harper ' street. 2GO
N of Ashby avenue, N 4O by W 122.53.- bfock
9 amended map to resubdivialon Central Park,
Berkeley: $10. ,
Lortn M. Lasell to Sarah E. Lssell (wife),
lot on NW corner of Dwight way and. Mil via
street. W 60. N 135. E 60, S 135.49. lot 2,
block 6. map blocks 5 and 6. Barker Tract,
Berkeley; gift. '¦ -
Stanley and Mary A.- Jewett to J. F. Tap
ley, lot beginning at point In center line of
Sacramento street distant 432:4 S of Ro»». an
at SW corner- land of J. F. Tapley, thence 3
120. NE 191:6, NE 101:6;NW 120. W 19t:6,
portion plat 99. Kellersberger'* -map Ranchoa
V. and D. Peralta. and portion Domingo Fe
ralta Homestead. Berkeley.; $10. * . ¦ • •
W S. and Frances S. Valller to Christian
Petersen lot on S line of Elm street. 1S1.8S
_ of Bay avenue, E 23. 8 103:10. \V 25..- N
104. lot 8, block O, Melrose ' Station Tract.
Brooklyn Township;- $10.
Eleanor 3. and Chester De*rthjr (by Frank
H. Brooks, attorney) to E.* 8. de Puy. lot on
K line of Davis street. 429 W of Feral U »v«-
Hue, NW 50 by XE 121.28. I>erine Trwt.
Brooklyn Township: $10. . *, . J '
E. S. and Mattle a de Vxxr .t> H. C. O»r
lock, same, Brooklyii 'Township; $10.
Lucy A. Smith to Henry S. Smith, 4 'acres,
more or less. - bounded S by lands now ; or
formerly of widow of George Pettlnos. _ by
lands of John A. Benson. W by center of Wal
nut • avenue; N by lands now or formerly- of
Mrs. Fannie McL&ne (now, Crtttenden), portion
of block 47, Seminary Park, Brooklyn Town
ship: gift.
.. Howard L. Hikes (single) to, George,* W_Bpn
nett. lot on S tine of Jefferson (now San Jos«
avenue). 45 W of Mound street. .W 45 by a
120, block 57, map Alameda drawn by St rat
ton, 1SCT, Alameda.. quitclaim dead; $10. „ ,
' Alice S. and Hector, Lanpher to Mm*, .same,
Alameda; $10. ' . ' , .
Ellen R. Wheeler (widow) to- Luther. O.
Wheeler, lot on NW corner, of Locust- and
Grove streets.' W 100 by *J 50. Oakland; $10.
Dellma. ' Thlbault to William W. and Jose
phine Hametln. lot - beginning at ' point' 50 ¦ }f
of N line of 8Uth street, thence 5(- N. thenca
25 W, parallel with 19 line of Sixth, thence 50
S. thence 25 E. parallel with N ltn». of ; Sixth
to beginning, be lag hi lot 23, - block • «i; K«l
ler-tberRer'a map (as recorded). Oakland; $250.
Charles and Minnie Odh (wife) to Annie Com
erfonl (wife of Louts P.). lot on S line of Fif
teenth street, 177 :« W of Willow. W 23 by
S 111:3, lot -23. block'F. map resubdlvln'c^ C
and F. Garden Tract Homestead,' etc.. Oak
land; $10. .
' M . or Guellelmlno (single) to Graconw and
Rosa Casal» (wife), lot on N. line of Erie »tn<«t.
696.74 E of Telegraph, avenue, £ 32.04. N _«.
W 52. S 128, lot li. Linden Homestead, Oak
land; $10. . ...
Anna _. Stebbir.s (single) to Ellen A Berrlen
(wife of R. C). lot «n Gits* rt Twenty- secon-1
street. 75 E of Linden, E 80 by 8 128. block
r-ClS, map survey Norther: x rxt^D»ion, -Oak
laud: $10. . . - :.•*¦•
' Sfrena A. Downlnr (slncio) to Emma C.
Searles lot on N line ot Afiol avenue, which
1 otnt la SE course of. eubdlvlslon C. tisenc<»
W 57.50. NE 150:4. B 35. 3 14S. being; »11
of subdivision C and portion subdivision B.
map of C. H. Taylor's subdivision lots 1 and X
block D. Feralu Heights. East Oakland: $1<>.
Anna C. Kraus (Jensen)- to M. O. Bale, all
Interest in W corner of E Twenty-fl— n street
and Seventeenth a venae. Jfff 35 by SW 140.
lot 13 and portion of lot 14. block W. San An
tonio, Ka«t Oakland; $10.
' Anna C. Kraus, guardian estat* of Martha
and Ruth Jensen (minors) to same, undivided
one-half isterest in same. East Oakland; $1000.
J.-J. or J.- Jay and Nettls • Normao to Joha
Sinclair lot on 3 line of Alameda- aveaue. 13O
E of Walnut. E 5O by a ISO. lot UtoW half
block V, lande adjacent to _ncU_l, Alameda;
$10.. * - - • »
Mamie T. Lermen to Georgia. Marrraf
(widow), lot on U" line of Morton street 250 X
of <Santa Clara avenue, N 30 by W 136 Mock
27. Homestead of Mary A. Fitch, AJaanda: _A,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. ,,THURSDAY, V DECEMBER 3, 1903.
15
MUSICAL. IXSTRUMEXTS—Con.. ,
SOHMEK, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan plans
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. "57
MT7LLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
STORE with large' basement; below Kearny
tt.: rent S30. Apply C36 Clay st.. room 1.
_ . PERSONALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE 30 DAYS ONLY —
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1. 1003,' & for the ensuing 30 days only,
I will make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deeprw'rinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug store windows may be. seen at my
office this week from 10 to 6. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested*- to ex--
amlne the face more thoroughly In private.,'
M. ELLA HARRIS, ¦
781 O'Farrell et.. near Larkln. Call or write
for book explaining method. ' .
ALLIK LUND — Folks would like to see you
at hone settling the stock on the new lot
in Kc.iruda; I wish to come not later than
December 12. Addrees Sherman Houee. 23
Eighth St.. C. B. LUNDAHL. '
THE Staf Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth; stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ccalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
NOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto ot
the. manufacturers of the- Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter Bt.; fee moderate.
.RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, cllk portieres; dealer in
.carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
*rate8. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
ar.d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
. guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket St., room 203. • - :
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 80 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMO3..1127 Mar-,
ket it., between Seventh and Eighth. ¦ '
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard st.." nr.
8th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment; face vi-
bratory machine; genuine tubs. Prof. Morris,
406 Geary st., nr. Mason; nurse assistant.
MASQUERADE costiim es. play book*, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st. v
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus _ Co., merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric neelle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.. 1170 Market.
THE ben place to buy good umbrellas or haye
them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE wit $7 60; dress pants (2 5o!
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFRED UM'S Eijyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to Us natural color; >1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALMLSTRY. "
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and estrolo-
gist: palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGARD'S class in palmistry begins
Dec. 1, 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 51»
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black 661. '
PAPERHAXGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 60 up; tinting, painting.-
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d at. : tel. Main 413.
CALL at C27 Turk st. or phon^ Sutter 154. for
paper hanging, painting and '.ntlng. ¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. .
_r'!"cT C. O^6^fN^LL-^-Offlce"and residence.
102m Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
- treats ail diseases of the- human, body; for
pact four years at ¦ 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
.' Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. Ok WONG,' 713 Post '«.';" an "d1*ea«e's"
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
faye.t cured by Chlnoge herbs. 746-S Clay at.
PROPOSALS. .<
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR- i
bor Commissioners'. Union Depot and Ferry '¦
House, San Francisco, California,- Novem-
ber 16. 1903.
Sealed proposals or bids will be recetyed at
this if flee at or prior to 2:16 o'clock' p. m.
on Wednesday. December 23. 1903. for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along eame to be located between
King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, In accordance with the plans and
f peclficatlons prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August 27, 1903. and on file In this
office, to - which special reference Is hereby
made. The work to be done under - these
c pacifications consists In furnishing atl ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a ctone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of stone: the wharf will
contain 36,060 square feet ot wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend /rom the Intersection of the northerly
lice ot Channel - street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The first class will Include etone of one or
more cable feet in tnlr . assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
. cubic feet; this class of atone must ba frea
. of seams and marked lines of cleavage
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted sizes but
. no stone le«s than five pounds will b« ac-
cepted at. the quarry. .
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained, bouslas
yellow flr plies and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought iron
bolts, spike*, etc., all of the best quality
¦ and subject to a rigid examination
No bid will b« received unless' it Is* made
on a blank form furnished from this office
and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per. cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary* cf the Board, < as a guarantee on uh«
part ot the successful bidder that ha win
within six (6) day* after the acceptance of
' the. bid enter Into a written contract to do
said' work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications -prepared therefor, and will also
. execute and file with this. Board a bond In
such sum n* the Board may deem adequate
with a eurety company, to be . approved h»
the Board of State Harbor Commissioner*
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will' said bid' be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to tba
secretary or to the assistant secretary - _t
the office of the secretary, at or prior ' to
2 :15 o'clock p. m. on -Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1003. at which tlm* and place th«
bids wUl be ooened. -
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
. all bids if deemed for the best interest of
th» State. -. . •.*,"*
Bidders are Invited to be 'present at the ooen-
ln_ of the bid«. . ' — .- v
'•» - CHAS. H. SPEAR. l\
J^^AC^^™ 1^'-
lot^S! &5^. I SSff._as!S! to -«-
--¦¦-. JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
fivet that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13. 320
; Sanspme st. San Francisco. Cal.. up- to 11
f-Sl 0 ** a ' m " SATURDAY. DECEMBER 8
1903, and opened Immediately thereafter In th«
presence of bidders, for furnishing and dellv!
ertng quartermaster and commissary supplies
etc. for. the Veterans' Home. Napa County'
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for iu
months, commencing. Jan. 1,-1904 -and endlns
June 80 10O4. Schedule, with informatlon
and instructions for submitting bids win b«
furnished upon application by the under"
•Igned. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
. ditlon* of the schedules, and no bid will ba
considered unless It ' Is in accordance with
•uch schedules. Bids on tea, coffee and sugar
must be made on sample* submitted. / No bids
will be* received from parties who are not
, regular dealers in and carrying stock of sud-
plies.on which they bjd. Kach bidder mu«t
accompany his bid with : a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank,
ing-house for at least 10 oer cent of the
amount of bis bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
.will enter Into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance.- as required by law
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all • bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount speclfled. Address JOHN
'F- SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home of ; California,
. room 13, 320 Sansoroe street. San Francisco
Cal. . , - •¦ ¦ - .'¦•- >....-:.;> •_--• {?
'.-Bt order of the Board of -Directors.' ¦ •'-
. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secl^tarV." i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
.The following marriare license* were Issued
yesterday : * ; .
Joseph M. Devlne, 32, San Jose, and Ade-
laide Callahan. 40. city. ,
James F. Gaziey. 64. Canyonvllle. Or., and
Martha E. Lovell^ 48. Santa Barbara, .
August J. Sanruinettl, 21.. »A" Jasper place,
and Amelia M. Boltano. 18. 514 Green street.
• John V. Kennedy. 21, 870 Pagestrtet. and
Anna M. Nelll, 21, 41A Octavia street.
Pietro Regalia. 34, Pleasanton. and Claudlna
. Malranl, 24, Eureka. -
Thomas E. Fisher, 24, Stockton, and Minn
E. Earhart. 27, Stockton.
Saverio La Barbera, 22, T Lafayette place,
and Antonlna Cancilla, 19, 482 Union street,
Hervey M. Wysinger, 23, Oakland, and
LaomI Dawson. 21, 1515 Leavenworth . street.
William G. Allen. 4S, city, and Bothllde M.
Hundrup, 47, city. ¦ ¦' .
William S. Field. 20, 146 Fourth street, and
Alice Axton. 28, ! 146 • Fourth street. •
Luderus Toel, 26. 22% Perry street. . and El-
fried.a M. Fulton. 21,' city.
! Mordacha Barton, 40, 1783 Folsom street,
and Mabel E- Rickey, 37. 17S3 Fol*om street.
Jacob Wulff, 20, city, and Josephine Pa-
trone, 25, West SUida.
• John H. Williams, 27. WatsonviUe, and Liz-
zie A. v*omhild. 27. Watsonvllle. ' •
John X). Begley. 32. San Rafael, and Alice
M. Wood. 24, San". Rafael. - •*-..-•¦•
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices, sent by
mall Will not ba Inserted. They must.be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BOBN. ; '
LEWIS — In Oakland. November 20, 1903, * to
/the wife cf G. Azro Lewis (nee Zaro), a
: daughter. .
ROUTH— In this city. November. 28, 1903, to
the wife of Henry Exly Routh, a son.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. November 23. 1903,
to the wife of Meyer Schwartz, a daughter.
HARRIED. . ;
AYERS— SCHMIDT— In this city. November
30. 1003. by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrle.
Edward Newton Ayent and ' Elza. Catherine
. Schmidt, both of San Francisco. - - » '
GRttWOLr^-HEISLER->-In this city. Decem-
ber 1. 1903. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pas-
tor of Emanuel Evangelical Church, Holmes
B. Gr—wold of San Francisco and Maybelle
Helsler , of - Astoria, Or. '
DIED.
Anderson, . Annie Hlggins, John
Anderson. Sarah J. HIU. Mrs. Matilda
' '/Apffel, Katherine Holmes, William M.
Barman, Pauline Llndcjuist, Hannah
Barrelle, Oscar Maharn, Frances E.
: Battelle, Nellie L. ' Merrill, Mary A.
Becker, Emma M. Merryweather, H.
Brown, Perry B. '¦ Meyer, Alvin
Burrows. Mary A. " O'Keefe, Katls
Clarke, Oliva M. Pedler, Thomas C.
Emerson, Adolph Robinson. Win. J.
I Garvey, William Thompson, Otta P.
' Hart, Michael Wulferdlngen. James
Hayes, Johanna Young. Andrew
ANDERSON — In this city, December 2, 1903,
Annie, beloved -wife of John Anderson, and
I mother of MUs A. Guth, a native of Ger-
many, ared 43 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
' McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 MIs-
"slon street, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROBIN HOOD Circle No. 68, C. of F. of A.—
¦ The officers and members are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late com-
panion, Mrs. A. Anderson, to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of Mc-
Fadden, McBrearty & Green. By order
MAMIE SCHOEN, C. C.
L. A. VON PUTTKORMER. F. 8.
ANDERSON — In this city. December 1. 1903.
Sarah Jane, beloved wife of the late Captain
John Anderson, and mother of Mrs. Flora
•' Duff, Mrs. Albert B. Edwards of Los Gatoa
and Mary and James H. Anderson, a natlv*
of Halifax. N. S., aged 75 years 10 months
and - 3 days. -
. C~FrIends are 'respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral aervlces Friday morning,
December 4. 1903, at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence. 26S3 Howard atreet. Interment
! I. O. (O. F. Cemetery.
APFFEL— Entered Into rest. In this city, No-
vember -30. 1003, Katherine, beloved wife of
Phillip Jacob Aoffel, and devoted mother ot
-Mrs..' Lejia Greber, Mrs. W. J. Raymond,
• Mrs." John Fell, Mrs. W. J. Retchless, Mrs.
F. L. Schlicker and- George, Fred and Albert
• Apffel and the late Mrs. Alfred Brooks, a
native of Hessen-D&rmstadt. Germany, aged
64»yeara 5 months and 15 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
j (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. W. J. Retchless. 180SA
Dupont street, between Lombard and Chest-
nut. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.-
BARMAN— In this city. Dccentber 2. 1903,
Pauline Barman, beloved mother of Marie
Barman, and sister of Mrs. Benjamin Hirsch
of Germany and Mrs. J. Neuburger of
Switzerland, aged 53 years.
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BARRELLE — In Oakland. December 2. 1903,
at S13 East Fifteenth street. Oscar, hus-
band of Sarah J. Barrelle, and father of
Mrs. E. R. Sill, a native pf New York, aged
64 years 11 months and 1 day.
BATTELLE — In this city, December 2, 1903.
suddenly, Nellie L., beloved wife of Ernest
L. Battella. mother of Leslie L. Battelle.
daughter of Albert C. and the late Elm Ira
Gay, and sister of Mrs: Hattle Gray, a na-
tive of San Francisco. •
E~Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday, December
4, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church. Twenty-first street, be-
v twecn Capp and Mission, thence by electric
funeral car from ' corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for Interment. ¦, . . .
BECKER — In- this city, December 2, 1903, at
her. residence. 1635 Sixteenth avenue, South
San Franclaco. Emma M., dearly beloved
wife of Herman C. Becker, daughter of Mrs.
Mary Pape, sister of Alma, Willie and Henry
Pape, and niece of Frank Parsch and Mrs.
Delia Hardy, j a . native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 2 months and 8 days. -
BROWN— In this city, December 1; 1903. Perry
B. Brown, beloved husband of Annie J.
Brown, ' brother of William T\ Brown, and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. 'Robert Hughes,
a - native ot Pennsylvania, aged 60 year* i-
months and 1 day.- - J.
(CTFriends and acqiAUntances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend> the funeral ' Friday,
at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall. 223 Butter
street. ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ELKS' Hall, 223 Sutter street. San Francisco
Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. E.— Members of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E., are
notified to attend the funeral of our late
-brother, Perry B. Brown, at Elks' Hair. 223
Sutter atreet. to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock. JAMES O'DKLL, Exalted Ruler.
BURROWS — In San Anselmo. Marln County,
December 1, 1903, Mary Ann Burrows, a na-
tive of Portland. Me. . \
CLARKE— In Alameda, December 2, 1903, sud-
denly, Olive M., wife of George E. Clarke,
a native of Montvllle, Me., aged 68 years.
Cr Funeral from her late residence. 1248
• Pearl street.' Alameda, on Friday, at 1:30
o'clock. Burial private.'
EMERSON — In . Decoto. December 1. 1903.
Adolph Emerson, beloved son of Mrs. Mary
¦ '• BarreU . Emerson, and - sister of Charlotte
- EmcMJii. a .uuve of Decoto, aged 37 years
- '4 mentbs and '21 days. --.-
. (E~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral at Cen-
terville, Thursday. 3, 1903. at 11
-.o'clock. - Interment at Decoto, ¦ Alameda
¦ County. . Cal. : .¦-.••••• ¦¦ -
CARVEY— In this "city." November 29. 1903.
William, beloved husband of Mary E. Ga'r-
i ' vey,- father of John and Stephen J. Garvey,'
i Mrs. C. D. Frey, Mrs. T." J. Molle and the
!. late William, Daniel J., Maggie. Stephen and
James Garvey and' Mrs. Ann Flynn,, and
grandfather of Eddie and Daisy E. Flynn. a
native of Cashell.: County ¦ Tlpperary. Ire-
land, aged 72 years. .
i iCTThe funeral will ' take place to-day
' . - (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street," between Fourth and Fifth. Inter-
ment private, Holy Cross CVmetery.
HART— In this city, December 1, 1603, Mich-
ael, | beloved husband of Margaret Hart, and
- loving father of John. Mary and Kittle Hart,
a native of ¦ the parish of Eskle. County
SUgo, Ireland, aged 67 years 3 months and
' 20 days. '-(Chicago, 'III., papers please copy.)
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlora of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertak-
ing Company, 20 Fifth . street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of . his
: soul. : commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
\ ¦ Holy . Cross Cemetery. .-
HAYES — In this city, December 1. 1903, Jo-
- hanna, beloved wife of the late Patrick
¦ • Hayes, loving mother of Mrs. . John J.
O'Brien. Joseph P. Hayes and Josle Hayes,
and s_ter «of the late Catherine Dullea, a
native of the parish • of Ardfleld, Connty
Cork. . Ireland, . aged - 79 yean.*
IT?" friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her .late
,.- residence,- 421 Eighth avenue, Richmond dls-
\ trict, thence to Star of thi- Sea Church.* where
a solemn . requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HIGOINS— In this city, December 2. < - 1903.
F. J. MONAHAN, Manager. Tel. Mission -_
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERA- DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
2339-2341 Mission st.. : sear Nineteenth,
San Fi inn 'nil J|U JllMigBSaa
\V4\T p.— _i| t i,K— *"«— tin — *«f.
A— .MURRAY Jt READY C3«-«38 Clav 6t .
.Mion* Main islS.
l^acins ICmj.loyn-.ont an.i Labor Agents.
1:_>C2 -we c»Ve , ' IfWW we'll Rive
. {5.CCO :: ¦ i work. ¦ OO.tHiO men work.
OREl-ON. NEVADA.
buBttura rarlfic and Bant- Fe «y«ems; free
jia?* - -
ON"" EVEBT TRAIN.
Section fcsnfls, rauckfr*. driller*, rxtra g*ngs.
tt^imVterjs, h«mnwT5men.
¦ STABLES FA—MS.' ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
F"^— o end' orchard iiar.ds, S30. $35, $40 fd.;
m ilker*. $3y to $.'" and found.
Stabiemcn. *Jty, ountry Jubs, $30 to $C0.
&Z uoodc'hoj?i.ers.
2S7 tiemakprs.
<:OOK&. ¦ WAITERS. PORTERS,
t'ocks, not«l?, re.-Jaurantf, camps, mines and
ranches, riiy and country. $3-> to $70 and
fflund: waiter*, city and country. $25 to $45
~n<j found; butchers, different jobs. $40
V> f90 a* j- tn'jrd.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Lahore.-* uni tf,-imsters, many in San Fran-
fiteco. t'2 $2 23.
MIKHAY & READY. 634-C3S Clay «t.
"~~ CJVHINETMAKERS. $3 50 DAY,
Striper and kttercc. all-round painter. $3 day.
2 voatmakere. $5 ner coat.
- . OLD- MEXICO— FREE FARE.
/'arr'ate, trimmer. bo»s here.
Oanf «*dtferman.- lumber co., north, $05 fd.
Coal miners. Oregon, free fare, married
' Tinsmith. $¦'» %o t-'J I»0- day.
«. boys, learn trades, *4, $5. $«.
Foreman, orchard and rinevard.
• SMckfr and matcher hand.' $3 .V) a day.
>Bart<__r. citr, $55 to tCO
BUckaxn_h, country fhnp, $45 and found.
S.^xixncnc-ed men among hides, *2 50 day.
Bookkeeper, '$0o snd found
Man take chars* hotel, country. $40 found.
Tool tiressor. oil fields boss her*. $75 found.
19 TEAMSTEItS. $7.1.
4 horses, fare $2 80; FEE: steady job.
Colored man and wife, cooks, hotel Kitchen,
$Ut: fare Ki.
¦ MURRAY & READY. 631-<33»? Clay st.
. GOOD MINES.
' Machine drillers $30.
<'r.uck tenders. KlfiU.
Single-hand miners. $75.
Electric train trolley men. $T.">.
Amalgamators, taw.
V'anner man. S75.
Rock-breaker men, $75.
. Blacksmith?, $ao.
liJacksmiths' herper*. $C7 60.
• . Kngmeer hoiPtins runner. $C7 50.
W muckers, .$(37 M.
Machinists $1CK)
. :>« lahqrei-. $C7 50 .
MURRAY & READY. C34-G33 Clay Ft.
V.'ANTED — For l\ S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. betw«>en 21 and 35:
pood character; must speak, read and write
nmtllsh; marines serve at soa on njen-of-
»sr in all parts 'of the world, on land In our
island poswssions. and at naval stations In
the United States. ArpU' at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis ft.. Saa FYancisco. Cal.. and
' 4Q1 K tt.. Sacra—nT.to. Cal.
VTHY par big prices to ha\-e your shoes half-
filed uhen you can cet it done for 25c. 50c
sr.d «>c while you wait at fiCl Mission St..
bet. 1st. and 2d «*.. or 11 Third rt.?
IF you are not "satisfied with j-cur salary, we
bftva an epening whereby you can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation;
iruotl address, business knowledge necessary.
Kcyal Mercantile Co., suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
peon: positively no other; must be between
40 and 55 and good case taker: no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
i hat Ed Rolk'.n. Reno House proprietor, has
afMed 100 ntw rooms to the Denver Hnus»,
"17 Tf.ird ft.: 2W rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
. WANTED — Younjr man who Is a first-class
dress goods Kalerman. App!y between 'J and
.11 a. m. tt HALE EROS.'
BARBER trade taught In one month, new
method. Western Collate of Barbers, room
111. No. 6 Eddy st v fifth floor.
rnx?ION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
vrare" rractlce; references thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
2-CHAIR barber shop for eale cheap. WILL
& F1NCK CO., S18 Market rt.
MKX to ltirn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
B. F. Barker School. 741A Howard «.
rENSlON atty.. E. A.' Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Pasf Com. Geo. H. Thomas*Pogt,G.A.R.
r.IrT>ONALD & PERRY have a lar>:e stock of
new and second-hand fhof-f; cheap. 2^9 3d »t.
. -,'INCHEPTEn Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
V.»t — 7«>O rooms. S5c Mrht; reading rooms;
fr»** 'bus and ba— ca«e to and from, ferry.
A BRANCH office of The G&ll for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
• been ctirne.1 at 100S Market fct., opposite
Fifth. Open until- 11 p. m.
ALL Fizer men'* shoes, slightly damaged, half
r'rW. f*3 MifFlon Ft., bet. 1« and 2d sts.
OT>T ro'jr shoe* half scled — -bile -»ra!tir.c: 25c
to r/*'-. r.63 Mission Ft., bet- 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
• SUPERIOR roadster, mare, 8 years, seal
brown,- black pointed. 1<? hands, hardy, well
broken: can rull bupjry Inside 3:<X> and show
• a'T>out 2:S5 gait. Apply at once at Lapham's
Ft'able. back of V. -S. O'HOURKE. P15 Fol-
FTim St.. city, or to Juanlta Stable, 538 Sev-
enteenth «t.. Oakland.-
' «3O0D rubber-ti— or.er. hark, also \1ctoria a,nd
phateton. O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden
Gatp.ave.
Jl AUNES? sn<l sa<Jdl«s, the best for the money,
• t. JEPSEN HROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
• .1-145-1447 Market st.. San Francisco.
TOP — agon. $W; coal wagon $60; wagon. $35;
Big hor?»>. $65; Jack. $100. 79 City Hall ave.
MUFT be eold at sacrifice; 5 good horses.
zn sixth ft.; •
" AI: EXPRESS trasron. -' I Isrht campinc wagon
«: ..." frt*-cart /or eale cheap. f/t2 Mission st. '
' Lartre— i assortmt 2-hand v.accns, buckb'd. sur-
r«-y,harn«>fp. work. driving horses. luth-Valpnci*
HOCSES TO IET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBt-EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
: . T: i ' - rzi
A — HOUSES and fl.atg to let; an Imnvnye list:
frvSc-e attsolutely free; take advantage of
thi* department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-259 Geary
et'.. on the squarte.
. ¦
BEFORE moving ret our printed list of houws
, to Id. BALDWIN & HOWELU 25 Poet rt.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED to rent or will lease a two-story cot-
tare in ¦Wwetern Addition. Box 2051, Call.
LOST ASH KOL'.NU.
LOST — $25 reward for return of 6x4 Eastman
kodak lost on Southern Pacific Stockton local
•¦-;:•,. Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth St..
Oakland, and Oakland mcle; same contains
film* m-hieh are valuable to the owner. WIL-
¦ £DN-_ YON — CO.. 220 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco.
' LOST — A pa— book with the HIbemia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of MAP.Y _, -SPARKS. No. 268-
J103. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — D*e. 2. purse containing $20 gold piece,
•3 $5 cold piece's, rold boat charm, little sil-
ver. 2 keys and. trinkets. Pleas* return to
C32 Howard *t.'; reward.
IS.i'-T — A pa— sbook with the HIbemia Savings
si»d • Loan .Society of San Francisco, in the
• name of ALICE L- VON TOBEL; No. 275-354.
" line finder will please return to bank.
FOUND — Sept. 0. Bcld watch attached to pin;
monoitra— and engraving. Apply 22 Pond
. Ft., near Sixteenth and Market, bet. 7 and
6 o'clock.
LOST Monday tioon, corner Post and Mont-
pnnwry **••• white Spltx dos answering; to
• nkene Bc'bby;. liberal reward. 1327 Sutter st.
LADY'S rold watch In or near California mar-
ket. Finder please return to IL F. LOR-
• QI-IN. .331 Kearny *t... room 14; reward.
LOST — Certificate of authority: of no value ex-
cept to owner. Reward for return of same to
L,; IV PARKER. Auditorium Hotel.
BROWN water spaniel dc*. white spot on
breast. 104 4 McAlllfter St.. rear; reward.
lrO?T — Sunday, lady's rold bar pin; lover's
knot.: ;« 7 Francisco et.; reward.
LOST— Fnake belt, November 24. Return to
Ansonia. 4CS Stockton St.. room 704; -sward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
•Watch Caee Co.. 220 Butter rt.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
MEDICAL. ¦
"MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all. female
complaints;, instant' relief suaranteed;- 30
veins' exj>erience; removed to ti2tt Post st.
MItS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
• male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. -100S^ Market St.. opp. Eth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best rejrulatln* pills
«old: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur**
syringe and tablets;- price $5. By exprets
. c,f.\y on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
KRS, wholesale drucKists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. ¦ - •
L*r*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In- obs-tetrirs, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment *10': hours. 10 to 5; 25 years exper.
ilRS- D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
Kpeclalikt; a private home before and during
••refinement; best medical care; low lees.'
| .3IED7CAL — Continued. , -
DR. G. W. O'DONNKLI— -All who are sick or
In truuble^xmeult this specialist on , female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped;. the mott difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101>» Market St. /,
A maternity villa; private: Eecluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1410 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2ftO. r i Folsom St., corner
J 2Cth; ladles, relief or no'fee; $10.
I DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
: original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NG TOY~KEE. TO9 Powell Bt.. opposite
! Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.'
I MILLIXERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select fwHr; lease
Bold; must vacate February 1. 1904: • save
money by calling on MME. POSCH." 207?Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR j SALE.
BOILERS, enplnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN.-195-I0r Frem&nt st;
IX1ES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with tlat^rite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no paintir.B or coating; good, over old
iron tin or FhinKfes: best for, new roofe.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 7l3jMarket Bt.
j 2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engirjs. pumps.'
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, 6old.
rented a»d exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beaie st.
i A — Fine suits, $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing. Pallors. 23S Kearny Bt..
noar }3ush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
| A — BUYS, cells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, , pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-'255 Spear St.
LADIES' ttrop frame bicycle; also a' Domestic
sewing machine with all attachments; both In
good condition. Box 282-t. Call. "?
GASOLINE launch, stereophone picture ma-
chine mahogany bar fixtures, wood mantel*.'
618 Third gt. .
I 2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO.. 161 Fremont Ft.. San Francisco.
! TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Franclscu.
i ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 3.10 Kearny st.. near
Pine -. open to A p. ro. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's fehoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair*
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d rt.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
ALASKA grizzly bear skins for tale (rugs).
SOUS Harrison et. «
! FINE st€_n automobile; first-Class older. 520
i Lyon et.
'¦ SPECIAL _&, — Our beautiful $5 cabinet photos,
fclder style. $2. The Fad. 1206 Market St..
i DESKS and safes; Eee the complete Una at 1818
MarkPt. ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
' Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures: doing good business. 29S6, Call.
j SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. I
j 3. >; AND 10 fap. gasoline engines; 2d-band: all
j dies; new. E. B. BECK - CO.. 122 Market.
! NEW and eecond hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
i — ¦ — -
I MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rectal;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sixes. EU-
GEN'E RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
; SAFES— New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st j______
. All bargains ;camp stools and chalrr; hammocks,
metal bed*. mattresses. J.F.HotteK712 Mission.
i Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baeigalupl, 033 Mkt.
i GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
I ASK for prices on second-hand typewrlers; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mpntg'y.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
i 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
.MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
i BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market ft.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
: I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing: send postal. . MORRI3. 870 Folsom.
, TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical KwfJs. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S*1.
• A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal,
. 25 Stockton Et. : phone Bush 484. . ?
I MONEY TO LOAN.
i AAA~^H^R_J_TMlJRPHYr~^ ~~ ~
C01 -002-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ' ln-
tereEts In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
t*c HERMAN MURPHY.
j ADVANCES on furniture and piano* without
; removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA.
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 6S and 63 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st. f
; STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment ruaranteed. ILLINIO3
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Pbelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
i liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
! lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st.. tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teameters. boarding-houses, without
security; rasy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg:
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. • 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOAN8 FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and precious, stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEW. t-asy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsc-d notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO ralarled people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commlsslon;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory bnlldlnr.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
tlfclly: pew.slmple plan. Room 60. 819 Market.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15~up;'nb removal'
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bid*.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
— 1Q. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny^
STAR Loan Co. of -Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH' loaned ' salaried people on notes without
Indoraer. MORELL. 609 Examlrw bldg.-
MUSICAL INSTROMENTS.
KENT a piano for $3 per month; — • allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wlzh to buy; this gives you bIx months' trial
of the Instrument for nothing; If the plane
rested does not suit we allow 'the rental on
any Instrument In our stores; with such goods
as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every on* In quality
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtai
"Bijou," the smallest full scale piano In 8_a
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO
6CO-C2-C4 Hayes St. ... •
A FEW SPECIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
Collard. $35; Emerson, $65; Fllsher. $70*
Miller. $175; Chlckering. $167; American.'
$165: Heine, $235; Haynes. $150; Stelnway^
$185; Stelnway, large style, $325, and fifty
ethers. Ilents, $2 up; installments, $4 ud
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary street-
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg.
KOW.in the time to select your piano for the
holiday present; we have Just received two
carloads of excellent instruments , and If you
will call and make a selection now the piano
can be delivered when you are ready; bring
such amount as you can spare for a first pay-
ment and we will arrange easy payments for
the future. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 769 Market st. .
? FINE lot of eecond-hand uprights from $39
up. including such mUces as Chlckertcg,
Vofe. Kroeger. (Turtaz, Klrkham. Pease,'
Hardrean, Marshall -_ Wendell. Baus and
ethers. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far-
tell it. No branches in Baa Francisco.
BAND instruments; F. Beason/ Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
cklllful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.'
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks cf _eys and pedal bass; cost $750;
your own price. BOWERS & HON.. 11 M-son.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
tn«nt. ECHMITZ — CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A STECK uprijrht mahogany,' nearly ' new;
must be *old. • 21C McAllister st.- •• -
BEAUTIFUL 2-pedal Slelnway upright piano;
perfect order: tacriflce. Keette'*,2S5 OTrrell.
Unredeemed storage piano* and I furniture dirt
cbeas. Whltehead Stcr—ce. 1636 Market . st.'
REAL ESTATE----CITY---KOR SALE.
; SPECK & CO..
¦- 667. Market st.. opp. Keamy.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
. Full Charge^Taken = of Property.
; SELECTED , IN VESTMENTS.
*• FOURTH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER. !
$00,000— Main corner; 75x100 feet;- stores and
' apartments above; pays 6 per cent net;
-¦.? '..» ',-very safe 1 Investment 'to hold.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER^ '
$50.000 — 12 new up-to-date ' flata: i modern' In
, . - ,. ever y respect; pays 15 per cent net by*
. assuming bank mortgage - of $25,000 at
, 5% per cent Interest ;, lot; 87:6x84 feet;
ZQ blocks from new City Hall.'
' : j NORTHWEST COR^pR.
$50,000 — 137:6x137:6; substantial improvements:
Insured for $20,000; mortgage of $30,000
at 5H -per- cent- can remain; pays 8 per
.' cent net. . ¦
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,OCO — 87'. feet frontage; stfires and* lodglng-
, house; pays .6 per cent, net; ¦; offer of
' >. ¦ $47,000 : refused: ruch downtown corners
' are scarce. ¦ r<\
: SECOND-ST. OpRNER. ;
$48,000— One and a half - blocks from . Market
¦ . st. ; ; 47. feet front:, cheapest; downtown
corner ' to be had near Market • st. ; a
chance to. make a turn at good advance.
• TEN YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
$47,50Or-Corner; stores And apartment house;
¦ ,\ ; .60 rooms; 6-story, building; 10 years' se-
>¦.¦->¦ cured --lease;- 1 tenant; : -- $4400 ¦; annual
rents;, will . consider cart - exchange city'
; 'property; mortgage $20,000; pays over 8
¦ • -. per .cent .net. /. / - '. - ¦ * • .
/ - CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.^,.'. .
$45,000 — Lot 82x375; .2 -'frontages; -106* rooms:
rents $350; 1. tenant; can be easily leased
•' ' ' 'at' $400.' • ~. -
¦¦ < :'¦ POLK-ST. .BUSINESS '.PROPERTY, '-' ,
$22,000— Stores and lodging-house; rents 5165:
. ¦.: • lot 30 feet' frontage; pays over 9 'per
. . cent net. • . . '
? DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. '»
$16,500 — O'Farrell ' st.. east . of .-Van Ness ave. ;
M pays 10 per cent, net . by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; tent* $115; lot 27:6x120;
: , ' two frontages. .. , . -, . - ,_•
' BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS. "
$19,000—^Annual rents, $21S3; Golden Gat«
~ Park;- modern bay-window flats; lot 60x
137:6 feet. - : .
$15,900 — Annual rents $1710; Webster *t.: 4
• new flats;' select' location. - • • ¦
$11,600— Annual rents $1328; ' substantial- 3-
story building; lot 60x80 feet; vicinity
of Second and' Howard sts.
$10,000—2 beautiful - Post-st. flats; close to
Gough st.; 30 feet frontage; always rent-
! ed : yearly rents $900. '
$6,600 — Yearly rents $924; Rltch St.; lot 42x
. 75 feet; pays 14 per cent. _¦;
$5,000— Yearly rents $B24; 2-story building
-. .•'¦ and. stable, for 6 'horses.
$4,600—2 Sutter-st. flats; 5 and. 6 room*; lot
' 25x137:0 feet; a good buy.
$3,250— Yearly Income $420; flats near Third
• - . and Bryant- its.; lot 25x75 feet.
SPECK & CO.,
. , 667 Market st.
MONETA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
' - - Room 39, Flood -Building.
$12,000— Flllmore-st. -flats; • elegant .
new flats; rents ..$105 00.
$10.000 — Grove-st. flats; large lot.
through to rear street; rents 87 50
$3150— Elegant residence on 27th St.;
lot 25x114: would rentfor........ 27 60
Vallejo st.; marine view: '7 rooms I
2 and.-. bath: must .be sold t thls week: .
' make offer. J
¦ $6000— Close to ISth st. and . new
park; flats; rents 62 50
Cottage; 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x
' 114; asking $1600; make ' offer.
, ' . LOTS. . ¦
25x120; Stanyan st.; must be sold this
week ; make offer. - . . ' ' -
Baker St.; -25x121t6; $2600.
San Bruno and Humboldt aves.; 33:4x100;
¦ $1050." Call «at office and get our large list.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
everyconvenlence; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms— $2»00. ¦ . .
: 6' rooms— $3250.
; 6 rooms — $3500. •
' . 6 rooms- : $360O. . . _ < -
7. rooms— $4100. ' .
' ¦ 8 rooms— $4600. "
Located - on First and Second aves, bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. ~ F. NELSON, builder.
JUST FINISHED. '
TWO BEAUTIFUL
- 6-ROOM COTTAGES ' V , r . " '
IN THE MISSION. . .V £ ; .
EASY PAYMENTS.
' ;:OSCAR HEYifAN; 14 POST ST, t
BUILD on your unimproved 'realty; we loan
'¦'full cost' Improv. and part lot at 6 per cen%
'"' MANHATTAN! IiOAN CO., Crocker building.
LOTS,N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
' chased by W. ¦ J. GUNN; 530 California it.
PLUMBING. ;:*;aifittlijsiianav' general'- Jobbing.
.-. Ahlbach & •Mayerv*plunib*rS," i a?6 .Howard'' Ax
-REAL ESTATE'— Country— For Sale.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good lmprove-
=»«-ments,- good location: connected with 8an
Francisco *by rail and electric cars. Call or
addrees 715 Nineteenth st./ Oakland. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Wrttft for booklet It's free. 608 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; ment hi' cata- I
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER Co., 648
Market st. -
POINT RI£HMOyp HEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE $15.01)0 Improved ranch In the Napa
Valley to exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
land property. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466
Tenth St., Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND property to exchange for Stock
ranch. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth
st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
not too far out. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466
Tenth st.. Oakland. CaU. '¦ \
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2750 — NEW, modern 5-r. cottage; 'lot 40x135;
one block from North Berkeley station.
$6000 — 3.84 acres on Claremont ave.; choice lo-
cation for fine home.
$1200 — One acre; near new Santa Fe depot;
Addlson st.
$1500 — 104 feet on Grove st.. near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on railroad, West Berkeley, for sale.
$4000 — 40 lots, West Berkeley, on R. R. ; best
business—block In North Berkeley; now
rented and paying 8 per cent on \ asking
price.
$4500— 7-r. house; Carlton st; lot 200x270.
Largo list of houses and lots for sale.
CHENEY & BERRY.
Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFTIC-V l'HS.BBOADWAY.T"
OAKLAND . REAL
$175 CASH. $0 monthly; % acre, more or less.
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-
house, shed, etc.; nice assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fine living spring; city
¦,„ water In bouse; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
, -shrubbery; fine soil; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely sheltered; Just the spot for chicken
raising price $000 In all; 2 blocks from
electric car line: 9 minutes' walk to local
train, S. F. : near 2 fine schoolhouses and 2
churches; adjoining- East Oakland. Call or
send for circular. '455 Seventh st.,' opposite
Broadway station. Oakland: carriage free.
; HENRY Z. JONES, Owner.
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lota. Includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
•build to suit. Box 854, Call, office. Oakland.
- OAKLAND ROOMS TO . LET. •
VKNDOME AND GRAND HOTELS, ' ''.-.''- ?
956 H« Washington and 510 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished, room* en suite or single, with
or without board; special rates to families.
OAJCL^AJra^FCRNrr^^
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
- tare. H. Schellhaa*. 11th «t..cor.»to— s.Oaklnd.
i'i j; . 1 SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles'. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
. are best; safe,, reliable; take no other/Send 4c
¦tamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
,- lit letter by return mall.' Ask your druggist.
. Chlchester Chemical Co.. ¦ Philadelphia, Pa. '
gTOTTBRISO AN D : " STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cur*
in every case; Individual teaching; no medl-
. cfne. Inquire Into wonderful cures :home cur*.'
; DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE^-The Giant Powder Com-
¦pany. Con. — A dividend. • No. 60,. of fifty (50)
':. cents per ehare on the Issued capital stock of
the company has been. declared, payable at
- the office of the. company, rooms 202, 204 and
- 206 Hayward. building, San Francisco, on De-
cember 10, 1903. Transfer books' close Decem-
ber 3, 1003. atnoon. C. C. QUINN,- Sec'y.
Northern ', Wheat Market.
OREGON.'
PORTLAND. Dec, 2.— WHEAT— Walla Wal-
la, 72c; Bluestem, '77c: Valley. 78c.'
"WASHINGTON. :
.TACOMA,'. Dec. : 2.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem. 80c; Club, 76c' .-,
-.-»¦,.. PROPOSALS-^Continned. ,', . ; v
\ UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley.
Notice to t contractors, builders and material '
— tn — Notice is hereby given to all concerned
that sealed proposals or bids are solicited fbr
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-'
! tertals necessary for the excavations and
foundations of California ' Hail, on the
• ¦ grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Alameda County, California, and
said bids or proposals will be received at the
office of th* -Board of Regents. South Hall.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the
. 11th dayjof December, 1903. And notice Is
hereby further given that the plans and epecl-
fieatlons of said excavations and foundations
• h.ave been made and adopted and are placed
' „ ' iri^above named office, where the same may'
' be seen and examined during each day from
9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p. m., from
this date until said 11th day of December,
1 i '. ' 1903. No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the eame are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
- -ten (1C) per cent of ¦ his proposal, with 'suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said. bid
or proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obllga-
i tlona In accordance with said proposal and
. plans and specifications, which shall be and
I - are hereby required to be a part- of such
. contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice Is
given pursuant to an act entitled: "An^act.
to amend an net entitled 'An act to: create-
: j and organize the University of California.'-
: approved March 25. 1P68, and an act amend-
atory of section 25 thereof, approved March
. 28. 1872, relating to the construction of bulld-
; Ings," approved March 3.1S97. By order of
; the Committee on Grounds and Building* pt
the Board of Regents. < ¦¦'S''''' '
W. A. McKOWEN, Secretary. '¦ :
OFFICE DEPOT QUARTERMASTER,' ' 36
i New Montgomery street. San Francisco, Cal.»
November 25. . 1903. * Sealed proposals In
triplicate will be received here until* 10
\ o'clock a. m. (Pacific standard time), De-
cember 24, 1003, for furnishing stationery.
> oils, paints, pipe fittings, sheet zinc, packing
- boxes, lumber, etc. Preference given to arti-
cles of domestic -production- or manufacture — i
details In schedule. The right is reserved to
¦ reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Blank proposals and Informa-
tion furnished on application. Envelopes
containing . proposals should be indorsed
"Proposals for Quartermaster's Supplies,
No. 8642," and addressed to \ .,
MAJOR C. A. DEVOL,
Q. M. U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.-
ROOMS* FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
'AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1840 Pine St.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits; $30 up;
- steam heated, electric lighted; free bath.
FOUR con. rooms, 2 bed*, bath, toilet, ga*
and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1933 Geary:
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1202 — Sunny front Alcove
suite; kitchen; running water; gas range.,
LARKIN. 816B — 3 large completely fur. sunny
back rboms; regular kitchen; bath; .phone.
OAK 117— Nice furnished suites, $S to $16;
, gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults. .
THE ANTLERS, 415 Turk — Modern house-
kpg. apartments; 3, 4; 5 rms.; furn, unfurn.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions nas
been opened at 1008 Market £t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ..¦¦..
APARTMENT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS, .:
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner -. suites;
furnished or unfurnished;, none superior; ma-
rlne view. LYON & HOAQ, 116 Montgomery.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and U-f-rn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5- per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.*'
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, $1, $1 60. night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.. -
BRYANT. 456— >A furnished room toilet. ';;:'.']
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nithed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnl;hed 6unny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 824 — Nicely fur.; sunny rooms; suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $9 and $10. „- : .
GRAND- Southern, 7th and Mission — Rboms 50c"
to $1 r.0' nlRht; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
LA'll'NA and McAllister, St. James flat— Sun-
ry flrig!^ room. ; . c ;V-
MISSION. 1148 — Elegant furnished front;room';
' water; piano; also pthers; $1 60 week up. .
NINTH, lift (Glllespie) t -Nlcely furnished room*
$1 S'> in Si." 50 per week; 50c to 75o jfer night.
POLK, ys.i — Best furnished rooms In the city. .
for the money; single or en suite; everything
T' new ! &ntf"pie,nty: of .sunshine; term* very rea-
sonable; only 10 minutes" walk to Powell
and Market sts.
POWELL. 317— Sunny, front suite for doctor or
.dentist; also other furnished rooms.
SUTTER. 236 (The- Crane)— Elegantly furn.
-rooms; new; downtown; en suite or single;
$10 up. ' ,
SUTTER. 361 (The- ¦ Larchmont) — New, mod-
.ern. reasonable: no carfare.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., nr. Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to' $rt week; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS, r.19— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and slnrle rooms; all conveniences. -
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market— i
«Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms*
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH, of flee of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ' f^
ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE *;*v.<
VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEARY 6T
' AMERICAN PLAN.
.- PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH
MUNGER & ZEBERO. PROPRIETORS.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS. ', ~~
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market St.— A
strictly .first-class family and tourist hotel of
' unquestioned • respectability. American plan.
CALIFORNIA, 1240 — Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view." .-
CFARREUV 308— Double and single rooms,
home' cooking, In private family; price rea-
sonable.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st and Van Ness
° . ave., has cfianged hands ; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st At-
. tractive-. and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.../ . . ¦,- .,,; .,
EIGHTH, 402 — Front sunny room In new flat,
with or "Without board; with board, $30 mo.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ': has been *i tablubed at lOM
.-- Valencia st.' ' ¦ -. ; ' '- -•"-•..- ¦-,.¦¦
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED,
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished room with
board for elderly Protestant lady; state price.
. Box 2833. Call. . ¦¦ .' '•'¦¦ ' >
BOOMS WAH7T-P— Apartmenta. 1 - _
WANT apartment of 8 rooms and bath, fur-
nished, east of Laxkln and . north of Golden
j Gute -avc. ; • rent not over ¦ $36. Box - 4581,
Call office. C . : • .
STORAGE * AND WAREHOUSES.
A^E^lP^RrS&rstorage" _^ V_rc£XiurnTture7
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard at., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
'PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel: Prtve. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'B Storage — Furniture and merchan-
,dl»e.- 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advance* made; 840
Mission nt.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage. and Furniture Moving Com-'
pany. 2820 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.- ;
NEW HOME sewing machine; this weak only;
$10, $15. $20; slightly used; needles 2Oo do*.
: NEW HOME i S. -M . . CO.. 1061 ' Market st. i-
\ .-..-..:-.-¦.'"¦ specialists. ¦.:.;-.'¦ ¦ '.-
cXTARRHrDEA5?JES3 and NOISEsTn BAR3
.'.' positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
¦ment free. .Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter it. v
: V ,- THE STAG—. ".,'-'. '- r . .'.-.VV'%
WANTED — Immediately, .two soubrettes and
" ' , dancers > for ¦ wagon show ; salary sure ; good
V hPintmrw 'taken. 967 'Mission;' r.. 11;. 12-6 p. m.
T YPE WRITERS rAJfD. SPPPLIE 8.
AN . exceptionally i good < No. 2 Remington, . No. '
1 Smith. Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and' lower prices;' rentals $2 60. -.The
¦'-.'.Typewriter; Exchange." 536 California • st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
".gpmeryo si. >-¦>• ." :."•-',•-* ¦".¦¦".-
2D-HAND typewriter* sold,' rented,- repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 60S Market,
John Hlggins. beloved husband of Mary
' Hlggins. father of John and Harry Hlggins.
and brother of Thomas Hlggins. a native of
Calaveras. Cal.. aged 50 years 4 months and
1 day. (New Orleans papeas please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morr rar
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from the funerar par-
lors of James McGinn '_' Co., 214 Eddy
stre-t. thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HILL— In Oakland. December 2. 190.1. Mr*.
Matilda R. Hill, widow of Rev. John B< Hill,
and mother of Mrs. Lettie Baker.' ilrs. Laura
H. Codlagton. Charles E. and Mis* Ella
Hill, Mrs. F. O. Rodman and Howard J.
Hill, a native of Ohio, aged 72 years 11
months and 19 days. . . - • -
fcJ"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the-. funeral services-
to-morrow (Friday), at. 10:50 o'clock, at her
' late home. «."'.» Twenty-fourth street. Oak-
land. ,.
HOLMES — In this city, " December- 1, MXW.
William M. r beloved-- huabaad of Mary
i | Holmes, father of Nettle and Irene Holmes,
..son of James G. and Mary J. Holmes,
brother of Benjamin and Gecrge C. Holmes
and Mrs. Dr. Rathbun, neDhew of B.' Col-*
Itns. and scn-in-law of J. II. and Cathrin*
Mlddleton, a native of Kentucky. A mem-
- ber of the Veteran Firemen's Association of
San Francisco. ¦ (Lda . Angelea papers pleas*
, copy.) ...',- . \- ' _
_~Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service* j
'Thursday.- December 3, 1!K«. at 2 o'clock',. at
his late residence. 27&4. Twenty-fourth. street.
Interment Cypress Lawn- Cemetery. . -_
LINDQUIST— In this city, December 2. 1008.
Hannah Llndqulst, a native of Sweden, aged
7S years.
MAHARN— In; this" city. December 2, 1903,
Frances E.. 'dearly beloved ¦ daughter of
James T. and Mary A, Maharn. beloved sis-
¦ ter of Lauretta and James Maharn.. and
granddaughter of Patrick and Mary Foley
and Hannah Maharn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ageM 7 months and 21 days.- . :
C~Frien<Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),, at 1 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 774 Fourteenth street. Interment
¦ Holy Cress Cemetery.
MERKILL— In this city. December 2. 1903."
Mary Ann Merrill, beloved wife of the lat*
Parker Merrill, a native of England, age4
C4 years and 7 months-.
E7Remalns at the chapel of Charlies H. J.
Truman A, Co.. 1000 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Notice ot funeral
hereafter. • - »
MERRYWEATHER— In Healdsburg. December
1. 1903. Herbert Merryweather. beloved hus-
band of Lizzie Merry— eather. and father of.
Herbert and Randolph Merryweather.
MEYER— In Oakland. December 2. lSXXi; Alvta
Meyer, dearly beloved son of John and Nelll*
Meyer, a native of Oakland, aged 2 years
and 0 months.
6'KEEFE— In this city, December 1. .1303,
* Katie, beloved wife of Patrick. O'Keefe, and
mother of John. Joseph:. Frank, Mary, Dan-
iel. Charley. Eddie. Alvin and the late 'Rob-
ert D. O'Keefe, a native of County Donegal.
Ireland, aged 33 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 3, from her- late residence.- 274»
Golden Gate avenue, at 9:15 o'clock, thene*
to Star of the Sea Church, where a BOlema
requiem mass will be celebrated for the- re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEDLER— In this city. December L 1903.
Thomas Caleb, beloved husband of Bessl«
Pedler. and father of Jean. Everett. Louts
and Gladys Pedler, a native .of Halifax.
Nova Scotia. . . ". '
ICTFuneral services to-day, December 3.
at 10 o'clock, at Howard Presbytejrtaa
Church, corner Oak and Baker streets.
ROBINSON — In this city. December I. :l£W3»
William J. Robinson, a native of Massachu-
setts. ¦ aged 60 years. • ;
THOMPSON— In this city, December 2. lOitS. of
diphtheria, Otta Pearl Thompson, wtfe of
George Thompson, mother of Earl and Tarle-
ton Thompson, beloved daughter of Mrs. S.
G. Eastman, and Bister of George- and Ed-
ward Ptlkey. Mrs. Thomas Croch. llary
'Eastman and Mrs. Charles Banke-y, a na-
tive of Eue«ne.* Lane County. Oregon, j aged
24 years 10 months and 8 days. . ¦ ; •
WULFERDIXGEN— In Berkeley.- December 1.
1003, James E.. beloved son of James W.
and Eoulse Wulferdlhren. a native of Berke-
ley, aged 1 year 7 months and 2 days. ; v .
. [7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral services
this (Thursday) afternoon, at 1 o'clock. 'at
his parents' residence, 1820: Woolsey street.
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. • . . , •*.
YOUNG— Near Santa Clara. December 1. 1WXI.
Andrew Yoansr. - beloved husband of ¦ Mart«
Young, and father of Albert. 'Walter, and
Frances . Young, a native . of Copenhagen.
Denmark, aged 64 years 7 months and 2U
days. ..
C7FrIends and acquaintances are rei— set-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral from, hi*)
late residence on Scotts lane,' near Pant*
Clara. Saturday. December 5. at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Oak HIU Cemetery.- .'
C-.\ 1 1 1_7 (_*?* Xii Av* K9.
Mr. and Mrs.. John F. ¦Uullwinkel and fam-
ily desire to thank their friends and ac-
quaintances for the kindness aiid sympathy
extended them, and for the mans beautiful
floral offerings *ent them In their recent be-
reavement. >' Acting upon , instructions I from Chief
Wlttman, Detectives > Mulcahey, An
thony and Taylor raided a low resort
at'537 Washington street last night and
arrested nine habitues of the place. • The
establishment has long, been .: regarded
as for .-thieves and; disso
lute characters .and i the police '.f are of
the opinion that several of .the men now
in custody have perpetrated a . number
of crimes in this city. Five* of those
arrested were { placed on the detinue
.book! pending an investigation^ and j the
other four were booked ' on 'charees of
vagrancy; JMSb^bBbB
Police Raid Saloon.
From Los Angeles — W. L. Durfee,
at the Victoria; Miss H. Chllds and
Mrs. E. Childs; at the. Manhattan". O;
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— The follow
ing , Calif orhians are registered here:
Prom San Francisco— J. Curtis and F.
M. Parcellsand wife, at the Imperial;
S. Menzies, at the Grand Union; M.
J. Meyerfeld, at. the Hoffman.
Californians in New York.
— Pen troubles disappear when you gel
a fountain pen that fits your hand. Hav
ing all kinds, we can fit any hand. Prices
from $1 to $5 each.- Sanborn, Vail & Co.
741' Market street, selling agents for the
"Waterman," "Regal" and, "Marshall"
fountain pens. •
Gernandt to Be Arrested.
A warrant was secured yesterday by
Officer; McMurray. of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty tc
Children for the arrest of William F.
Gernandton: a charge of cruelty to a
mlnor^ child. . His daughter Charlotte,
13 years of .age, was taken .from hi£
home' at : 1567 Kearny street 'on Tues
day owing to the 'cruel treatment ' tc
which she had been subjected by hei
invalid mother.
Townsend's California glace fruits - ant
candles, BOc a pound. In "artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for. Easteri
friends. 715 Market at, above Call bldg.
New Home for Officers.
The general hospital at the Pre
sidio, which has gradually assumed
the : dignity of • a separate , post, , ..will
shortly have an addition in the:form
of a bachelors' house.v The young doc
tors ( of the post ' will keep bachelors'.
Quarters in :the" new building and will
probably . do" some entertaining next
winter. .;•",; r * ' ¦>.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. : Ed
ward s. Knowles. : 24 Second ; St.. Main 898.'''
Accused ' of Embezzlement.
Fred ; B. Morris, representing th€
Conservative - Life Insurance Company
of Los Angeles,. secured a, warrant yes
terday, from Police -Judge Conlan foi
the ¦" arrest of J. . Jefferson Tyridall on
a charge of felony embezzlement. ;: Tyn
dall ? was a collector !: t or ? the '"¦ company
and lie ; Is accused r of embezzling $74 96,
the" value of notes he, was given to col- !
lect on November 1." Demands had been
made : upon 'i him' for the money, but
without , success. 1 .
• Children will takeiPiso'? Cure without objec
tion because 1U taste U pleasant. Drugglsta,2;c.'
W. H. Fredericks, husband of Ida
Fredericks, who came from Fort Worth,
Tex., with C. B. Menssen several days
ago and was arrested In this city, ar
rived here yesterday. Fredericks, who
is a hard worklnff farmer, visited his
unfaithful wife last night at the City
Prison. He told the police that he
would make an effort to secure the cus
tody of their two-year-old child and
would prosecute Menssen and Mrs.
Fredericks to the full extent of the
law. -
Fredericks Visits His Wife.
George Strand and Frank Roderick,
. two employes of Van Kaan's broom
factory. 2178 Seventeenth street, were
'arrested last night ana charjged with
stealing eev.eral balls of string from
their employer. The men were caught
' leaving the premises and the stolen
. goods was found on them. The pro
\ prietor says his' place has been syste
. m.atlcally robbed for some time past
and accuses the two men of being the
• | burglars. They entered the place after
¦working hours by means of a pass ke/.
Employes Rob Factory.
Secretary White of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, is
seeking a' home for Axlna Kruger, a
seven-year-old Indian girl from Bris
tol Bay, Alaska, who Is at present an
inmate of the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children, Twelfth and
Mission streets. The life story of the
child reads like a romance and . her
trials and adventures form a pathetic
story of human interest. ;
When Axlna was but a baby one of
her brothers murdered her father and
mother. She was taken in, charge by
a Mrs. Fred Kruger, a squaw and wife
of a German trader. Two years and
a half ago Mrs. Kruger died and Kru
ger came to this city' with little Ax
ina and his own son. The' children
were put in charge of Mrs. Samuel
Black of Sausalito and a short time
ago Kruger became involved in trou
ble with a woman and fled to Ger
many.
Mrs. Black found that she could not
take care of both children, so she sent
little Axina to the nursery, where she
has remained ever since. Secretary
White has been asked to find a' home
f or . her. She is a very . bright child,'
with a gentle disposition, and her, su
periors say she has always been obedi
ent and an apt scholar.
SEEpiNQ HOME FOR
LITTLE INDIAN GIRL
Secretary of Humane Society Anxious
to Find Suitable Abode for
Axina Kruger. . I
R. F. Pearce, a mining man of Den
ver, arrived from the Orient yesterday
and is at the Palace.
J. T. Goldsborou gh, chief engin
eer of the United States ship Path
finder, is at the Occidental.
H. "V. Henson, a member of a large
mercantile firm of London, is at the
Palace, en route to the Orient.
G. Nederland, Philippine commis
sioner to the St. Louis Exposition, ar
rived from Manila on his way East
and is at the Occidental.
m W. M. Schuster, Collector of Cus
toms of Manila, arrived from the Phil
ippines yesterday and is staying at the
Palace. He is home on a leave of
absence.
David Cutten, secretary of the^ Red
wood Land and Improvement Com
pany of Eureka and who is identified
with several other large interests in
Northern California, is registered at
the Lick. :- ;n'
Colonel F. M. Hatch, former Attor
ney General of Hawaii, arrived yes
terday on his way to Washington. He
is a close friend of Governor Carter,
in whose Interest he Is said to be Jour
neying to Washington. \f >-^',
T. Furukawa, a Japanese lad of 17
years, who has come to' this Country
to complete his education, is regis
tered at the Palace with his native
tutor. Furukawa is one of two sons
of a copper magnate of Japan, who
recently died, leaving, a fortune, which
¦will make the young man now visit-
Ing this city one of the richest indi
viduals In the empire when he reaches
his majority, four years hence.
: :P. W. Clement of Vermont.' former
president of the Rutland arid Vermont
Railroad, from which he retired about
a year ago, when the road was sold
to Dr. Seward Webb, arrived in this
city yesterday with a party of friends
In a private car. In the party are
Edgar Harding, a"~wealthy business
man of Boston and a former director
of the road: H. G. Smith of Vermont,
former vice president of the same
road; F. H. Button of New York "and
J. A.' Merrill, the corporation's attor
neys, and Allen Clement They have
been touring the Northwest and ex
pect to get into the Yosemlte Valley
before they return to the East.
Df. R. A. Walton of Chicago is reg
istered at the Palace. . .:.,,....
P. H. Kimberly, a capitalist. of Sha
ron, Pa., is at the Palace.
J. E. Ryan, a prominent resident of
Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. F. Edward3 of Phila
delphia are at the Occidental.
Dr.' Henry C. /Watt of Honolulu Is
registered at the Occidental. ±itl>'''
State Senator P. L. Flanagan of
Reno, Nev., and his "family are at the
Grand. . : '-> ;V; : ' l ':-' :
Dr. J, J. Miller of San Juan is^at
the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
utors responsible for the non-payment
of taxes on property in Santa Clara
County, belonging to the estate. By
failure to pay^ the taxes the estate was
charged the sum of S77 13 above the
charged to the executors for their neg
amount of taxes and this sum is
ftgence. ¦ ,
"I find," • continues the court, "that
the item $4215 84, by commissions of C.
M. Gerrish, C. S. Tilton and Frank
Garcia, executors of said estate, must
be withdrawn from this account and
left until the settlement of the final
account. But as all these commissions
—$3300— have been drawn out by the
executors, without any order of the
court, and this withdrawal of the com
missions at the time was Improper,
the executors must be charged with
7 per cent interest upon the amounts
taken by each of them from the day
of the withdrawal to the time of the
payment of said money back Into the
estate, or until the same is deposited
in the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Com
pany's bank to the credit of the execu
tors of said estate." I
EXECUTORS RESPONSIBLE.
The court also holds the executors re
sponsible for paying $230 to R. H. Mc-
Gowan for bookkeeping services, on the
ground that they had no right to do so.
"The number of gallons of redwood
cooperage sold and accounted for in
this account is 235,043 gallons." con
tinues Judge Coffey in his "findings of
fact." "The redwood cooperage was
appraised in v the inventory filed by the
executors on the 9th day of May, 1900.
at a half cent per gallon. The execu
tors sold the greater part of said coop
erage at a half cent-per gallon, selling
some in excess of that amount and
some at seven-eighths of a cent per gal
lon in various lots from time t(j time,
without having obtained any order of
the court for that purpose, and said
sales were 3" made at private sales
without any notice of sale being given,
and no return of -sales of redwood
cooperage has ever been made to this
court and no order has heretofore been
made confirming said sales. The value
of such cooperate at the time of sales
being seven-eighths of a cent per gal
lon, the executors are to be charged
¦with this cooperage at that price and
credited with the total amount of the
sales accounted for in this account.
ACCOUNTS WERE WRONG.
"The executors are therefore to be
charged with 52056 62 less 51219 75.
•which la the amount of. said cooperage
accounted for as soW^ leaving a bal
ance of $836 88 with which the execu
tors should be charged.
"I further find that as to the items
found In said three accounts on account
of miscellaneous expenses and dis
bursements of- the said executors,
amounting to the sum of $282 20: that
items amounting to the sum of $176 05.
composed of various . items of small
sums of money claimed r to have been
expended* by the executors: that the
vouchers presented therefore are insuf
ficient,' and that the items themselves,
nor the testimony, specify in sufficient
detail when, where, for what and to
whom said expenses were incurred, are
disallowed, and the executors will be
surcharged with that amount. *1<6 0o.
The court granted the executors thir
ty davs to return the money to the
bank 'and they have until Christmas
day to obey the order of the court.
It Is stated on Rood authority that
Messrs. Galpin and Bolton have not as
yet paid over the additional $750 award
ed Attorney Gartland by the court.
Civil Service Examinations.
I The United States Civil Service-Com
mission announces that an examination
for the position of inspector of general
miscellaneous supplies, quartermaster- 8
'department, will be held January 5 Age
limit* 20 years or over, salary $1500 per
annum. Applicants should be qualified
to inspect - articles of stationery, build
ers' hardware, tools. Illuminating sup
plies, veterinary supplies, harness,
leather! tinware, stova supplies., etc.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the United States Civil Service
Commission. ¦¦Washington. D. C "br to
the secretary Consolidated Board Civil
Service .Examiners. ..301 Jackson street.
San- Francisco, for application form. 1093.
which should ¦ be properly executed and
filed with the commission at Washing
ton. •¦; _ _ -. /
Gullletfi Christmas extra mlnca plea. Ice
cream and cake. 905 Ltrkia (t.; tel. Eaat 193.*
The untimely blowing of a '- police
whistle prevented the capture of. two
burglars ih the butcher shop of Thom
as E. Millar at Union and Mason streets
Monday night. The crooks were at
work in the shop and a police officer
was within half a block of the scene,
when the shrill blast of a patrolling ser
geant's whistle alarmed the burglars
and they made their escape. The offi
cer who blew the whistle was not aware
of the crime and was calling for his
men, according to regulations, at the
time.
It was soon after midnight when Po
liceman John Evatt received informa
tion that burglars were at work in the
butcher shop. He was about two blocks
from th«kj)lace, but started toward Ma
son and Union streets with, every pros
pect* of a good capture. He was within
half a block of the corner,. when Ser
geant Phil Frayer, unconscious I of
what was happening, sounded his whis
tle on Mason street, near Filbert, and
awakened the crooks to a sense of dan
ger. :it-':.'x^:'.:
One of the burglars, who was acting
as a lookout, shouted to his companion
inside that the" police were near and
the latter quickly darted out of the
door and the pair ran away. Evatt
gave chase, but was unable to make a
capture. With the sergeant he returned
to the butcher shop and an investiga
tion was made. It~was found that the
burglars had used a jimmy to open
the front door and that they had ap
plied the same implement to the cash
register and -telephone box. Their loot
was not extensive and did not amount
to more than $7.
The matter was immediately reported
to the Central police station, where in
structions were given to all the night
watches doing duty in the section to
keep a sharp lookout for the men, who
are said to have been responsible for
several other, crimes of a similar char
acter that have occurred on North
Beabh within the last week.
Jean Lapique was a pathetic figure as
he stood at the bar in Judge Cook's
court yesterday, with a bundle of pa
pers on the table in front of him, plead
ing for more time before going 'to 'trial
for the second time on a charge of for
gery. He refused the .court's offer to
appoint an attorney to defend him, say
ing he preferred .to defend himself. The
case was set for triai yesterday, and
when it was called Lapique made a mo
tion that new defendants be added in
the case, which the Judge denied, and
Lapique took an exception. The Judge
asked if, he was ready for trial, and he
renewed his motion. The Judge cut him
short by telling him to be prepared to
go to trial on December 9, to which he
took an exception.
Lapique has spent the , last eight
years in the County Jail, where he N is
known as the lawyer prisoner. He was
well known in* the French colony and
made , money .by buying and selling
lodging-houses. He was arrested in 1895
en a charge of felony embezzlement.
The complaining witness, was an old
Frenchman, who accused Lapique of
embezzling $1400. He was held to an-,
swer on September 6, 1895,'and the case
came to trial in Department 2 of the
Superior Court the following December,
the' jury disagreeing. At his seoonTl
trial, on April 8, 1896, he was convicted,
and on April 18 he was sentenced to
serve eight years in Folsom peniten
tiary. An appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court and he was granted a new
trial, but r on March 12, 1898, the case
was dismissed owing to the insuffi
ciency^ of evidence, the old man having
died meantime. .
: Lapique was at liberty till the follow
ing November, when he was arrested
on a emerge of forgery. He was ac
cused of forging the name of Louise
Lagarde as an indorsement on the back
of a promissory note for $800 drawn by
Philippe Maysounave in her favor. The
case dragged along in the Police Court
till October 2, 1899, when Lapique was
held to answer. On March 7, 1900, he
was convicted by a jury in Judge
Dunne's court, and on October 20 was
sentenced to serve nine years in Fol
som. Since then he-has been granted a
new trial . and the case transferred- to
Judge Cook's court. On the forgery
charge he has persistently refused to
have an attorney and has conducted
his own case.
"I find," said Judge Coffey, "that
the items on the credit side of the^sec-'
ond annual account, amounting to
$1686 13, including $1560 drawn from the
bank to pay the expenses of defending
the will upon the contest for its admis
sion to probate, are an improper credit
and ought not' to be allowed, excepting
the item of June 15, 1S99, by publication
notice of time and place for proving of
the will— $4 50. which is allowed. Total
amount disallowed on this item,
$1681 63. '
"And as the executors did on June
11, ' 1901, without any order of court,
draw from the funds of the estate de
posited in the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company's bank the sum of $1560.
which sum was used by said executors*
in part payment of the above disal
lowed item of costs, the sai* executors
must be charged with interest on said
sum of $1560 at the rate of 7 per cent
per annum from June 11, 1901, to the
time of the payment of said money
back into the estate, or until the same
is deposited in' the . Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company's bank to the credit
of the executors of the estate."
Judge Coffey -further finds the exec-
Probably the most sensational part of
the entire proceedings is the order of
Judge Coffey that A. E. Bolton of the
flrm of Galpin & Bolton. pay $1000 tc
John B. Gartland, attorney for Charles
S. Tilton, one of the executors. It ap
pears'from the records that Judge Cof
fey made an order allowing $5000 coun
sel fees to the attorneys of the execu
tors. Galpin & Bolton secured $4750 of
this amount and paid "over to Attorney
Gartland the sum of $250. The latter
; rotested and Judge Coffey saw the
Justice of his complaint. In his "find
ings of fact" the. court ordered that
Bolton pay' $1000 to Gartland out of the
sv.rn he allowed for counsel fees.
COURT'S FINDINGS.
Judge . Coffey intimates, in a docu
ment filed with the County Clerk, that
the executors of the estate of Amelia
R. Scott have grossly mismanaged the
estate. In settling the accounts of C.
M. Gerrish, Charles S. Tilton and
Frank Garcia, the court finds that they
exceeded their authority in using mon
eys of the estate and Rives them until
the 25th of this/month to pay- back the
sum of $5000.
The law. firm of Galpin & Bolton
are mixed up ih the legal tangle, which
almost amounts to a. scandal. Messrs.
Houghton & Houghton, attorneys for
the residuary legatees, are pressing the
fight against the lawyers and executors
and thus far they have been upheld by
the court. On Tuesday last the attor
neys for the legatees appeared before
Judge^offey and demanded that iho
powers of. Executor Frank Garcia be
suspended. He is alleged to hav*
brought about all the trouble. Judge
Coffey postponed "action until the 2f.tl-f
in order that the executors might obey
the order he made to return the mon
eys they drew from the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company's bank.
Prisoner Spends Years in the
County Jail Studying
Criminal Law.
Compels Attorneys Galpin
and Bolton' to Give
Back Money.
Officer Is About to Make
Capture When Mistake
Is Made.
Second Trial fdr For
gery Is Peremp*
tqrily Set.;
Untimely Blast Warns
Two Burglars Who
Are at Work.
Judge Coffey Piles a
Very Sensational
Document.
WHISTLE BLOWN
AT WRONG TIME
EXECUTORS MUST
PAY THOUSANDS
LAPIQUE PLEADS
FOR MORE TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 'DECEMBER 3, ... 1903.
16
Market Street, Near Sixth.
Christmas Telegrams.
' Eighteen more days to get ready. "We
are getting busier every day. "We will try
, to .keep, the assortments • complete, but
that's hard to do.
rffklendars especially. Any number of
Mpty Ideas this season, but you will likely
never know it If you don't them pretty
soon; 5c to 55." ,
"Stop a. minute there at the Jewelry sec-
tion and see all these gold trinkets we are
selling for so Uttle. Brooches, cuff links.
heart lockets, beauty pins, rings and scarf
piss.' •> ; "
Visit the postoffic* (sub-station 33) right
here ¦ In the store for the convenience of
our patrons. '
- > _ '
Hale's glove orders »re preferred. Cash
them. here or at any of Hale's stores.
Blankets Selling.
And this is why — •
White blankets. $3 45; good large double
ones, 72x82 Inches. They, are not quite
¦ all wool, but they look like it and feel like
It; fine and soft, with silk bound edges.
Other white blankets in cotton at 75c, $1,
(1 S5, fl 50 and $2 a pair.
In wool. $5, «5 50. ?6 50. $7 50, $10, as high
as $20. , . . .
$4 83 for gray blankets. ¦ pure wool both
warp and filling; handsomely finished for
home use; worth $5.
Other gray blankets in cotton at Soc; mlJrtd
wool and cotton, $2 2.".. $2 50 and $3; and
In wool, $4 50, $5 and $7 50.
Nobody like Hale's for blankets,
¦because they get. them right from
the mill, and so many of them for
all these->six stores as to get them
at the lowest market prices. The
same is true of the comforters.
Cotton* filled ones. S3c, $1 25. $1 50 and up
to $1 50.
Eiderdown comforters, $5. $6 50, $8 75, $8.
$10 and up to $25.
Women's Zibeline Suits,
$16.50.
They show all the new touches.
Full blouse coat skirted; drooping
capes; pendants, braids and silk
trimmings. The coats are lined
with taffetas and satins, and a few
of them clear to the edge of the
peplums.
They came to us in an irregular
way. Else we couldn't sell them
under $22.50 'and $25.00.
I H ALE'S.
The Ribbons.
• NEEDED NOW. .}. :
(Tied la new ways fres.) \j
\ For a Hair Bow — No. 40 black taf-
feta, 15c yd. „. '
To make those large. Gibson Bow*
A • No. 80 black taffeta and a
good one; 17c >*d.
For Fancy Work and Decorating —
Satin and gros grain ribbons,
not the "best quality, but a
heavier one and pure silk. No..
1; ioc pc; No. 2, 25c pc; No. 5,
5c yd; No. 9, 8c yd; No. 12, 10c
yd; No 16, I2j4c yd; No. 22, 15c
yd; No. 40, 20c yd; and in every
good color.
For Neckwear — A 4-in. satin taffeta
ribbon, good quality that is
selling in town at 29c and 30c;
our price is 20c; it's the. best
value we have had and at thr
best time.
"Merry Christmas."
(Says Santa Claus.)
Illustrated here by Myrtlr Hill
of 2909 Adeline street. . But come
down to the store to-night or to-
morrow night and see how we iU
lustrate it on the front of the build-
ing with electric lights.* ¦ • v — ' .
Children uho wnat to take .part- la thl»
contest must have ' thstr picture* la this
week.
The Contest Closes Deceaber 6. -
Though prizes will be.Ktven up to December
IX Some chUd gets $5 every day. «* T */
Doll Furniture.
Bureaus, white enameled, .witft 3 draw ,
gilt tnraniincrs. even a trinket box on t \.
25c. 50c and $1.00. . .
Sideboards with one drawer <n! two little
doors, gilt trimmings. 25c, 60c and. $1-
China Closets, white enameled. COc.
Doll Cribs, white enameled, gilt trimmed
10c. • •
Doll Chairs, enameled. In red or white, gilt
trimmings. 10c
Doll Oak Dlnln*-roora Sets, eonslattn* of a
table 4 in. high, two chairs and one
rocker. 21c set.
HALE'S. MARKET ST., NEA R SIXTH, SAN FRANCISCO.
_•_ __ ; '¦¦"¦' ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦s^-w^^»r^...-^>.,. J "^iS "*nk fnw* PJro*t EjPCjL Eg Vr^TX-SS.'^riJ
Green Trading Stamps Given on Every Article Purchased in Our Store
PERT1KENT PRICE FACTS THAT WILL BRING PEOPLE HERE
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY TO SAVE MONEY :
4 two-Ib. cxaa Tbmatoes 25o Large white Fresh Egrgw. doz. 35o
3 thrve-lb. cans Hul!ed Corn 25c Imp. Sardines, 3 for 25c, doz ., ..IM)c
3 large packages Tip-top Oa.tm 25c Jo lb "- Rolled 'Wheat or Oats 25c
l*rre bars Caxtlfe Soan 2 for 4Kn 10-lb. sack Corn Meal ..5£5c
«« Cracked Wheat or Graham Flour, sack. .15c
J.3 bars Lenox Soep 60o B ox Fancy Burbank Potatoes 75o
3 16c cans Corn 35c Imp. Queen Olive*, quart 25c
8 cum Eastern Peae 45c »Very Fine Swiss Cheese, per lb 25c
5 1U. Good Coffee ; ..ROc 'Eaitern Full Cream Cheese, lb 2Oc
4, lbs. Kona Coffee COc Nice lanre Oranges, doz ...:..... .25c
2H lb«. M. & J. Coffee 6Oo Cape Cod Cranberries, quart. JOc
.be Gunpowder Tea 4 4Oo 2 lbs. Finest Citron \ 25c
J6c Ceylon Tea. lb....'. 4Oo 8 three-lb. cans Table Peaches ;...3Oe
.&« Cptderle* Japaft Tes^ lb 4Oo 8 three-lb. cans Table Pears /...3Oc
T^s Oolong Tea, lb ..40o 8 three-lb. cans Table Apricots ..3Oc
7&c English Breakfast Tea, lb -iOo I^rg» rlass Jars Salted Peanuts 2Oc
6 lbs. of Above Teas. ..$1.75 Glaus Jars Lunch Herring i.lSc
15 lba. Nice German Prunes 25c Snider'a Catsup, per bottle 20c
8 Ibe.. Nice French Prunes 25c Anchovy Paste, Jar .. l»Oe
11 lbs. Cracked Rice BOc All kinds Cheese, In Jars .".20c
« lbs. Long Grain Rice....... BOc fl bottle Lemon or Vanilla Extracts.... 5Oc
3 packages Currants or Raisins 25c 65c botUe Lemon or Vanilla Extracts... 35o
3 large glasses Jellies. Jam* or Preserves.25c 4 10c cans Pure Spices > 3Oc
3 lb«. Very Finest Mince Meat. 25c Pure Salad Oil. per gallon '.'..'.:'.'.'.'. !o5o
All canned Creams. 3 for 25c, doz »5c pure Olive Oil. pints, 35c: quarts 05c-
3 cans Con&ensed Milk. .25e % gallon, f 1.25; gallon. . . . . . . rS^*2^5
j^^,,^^. 300 4-lb finest M. and J. Coffee, can .*.. 75c >^
tTfstm^JJ 2 csre finest Mission Flour, 60 lb*, 91.15; 100 lbs, S2.25; (kSmbpCOTI
Jp5r*^^S \ 10-lb jack -»,»;c B-i^^^^S '
<Bt*j3^S 5 s^ boxes large 6-crown C.usfr Ralolra, nneat 'table*. 'box!?ioc t^M$&& ',
< 65 r l7llt3 ? ?c C ""^ a^'* Svru P- <lt«-. 25«?; hair gal.. 47,c, gal.. 75c W^ST^G <
iW&nrt&i < 15 Cn "'' ! ?• *i M "l««"«. its.. 25c; half gal., 45c; gii. 75c ! KHJi^S '
JE^SiEl ( ll-sro»s Tilce Toilet Soap, 15 bars -zr.t- i KMiTntQ3l '
ihiriDf^ C t^** O» v Pt/-- »«>c; <jts, 20c; hair gal !.'!!.4Oe '!R*rn^3 !'
ifVTSWSa < rinr.ta Haddles, pound l°Hc 'WS^gtM '
j[re£>t**$§ ? E^^w Cheese, each .!..!!!.'!. .80c \ V^r^?J^
\ >^^ *J I bcxet flne*t BloaVe'ri* *3 Vor 'lOc;' s' f or "..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. '.'.\lr>v SSkJ^S^
_•¦; 2-U) Pkgs. Assorted Cakes .. 350 *-*^^~*— **
caSSe..^ b^*!°!!'. 25c: « tUIOB emaa To^oe. ........;:;:'::::::'...? ..: 25 e
Parlor Brooms, extra "jjeaxy'' Eastern! I".' '.'.'] "I", *V%2
S0c pkg. Malted Milk " '-•"•• • -"htS
S-Jr^'i^A^/" *" bl ?f 1 A 0f '&** W'»l' VaVe 'you* W)c' to' u'per'box;
Old Apricot Brandy, gaj [ | 2 .OO California iLe^Tdoz" " "•'«1^S
g mm^^M II B ? HSr^ :::::::::::::: ii
« S-| g^.i |^ h^ pS ;
CUrW ' *^ fJ^ b0ttIe Iri£h or Scotch Whisky] ;:".«Oc
$.1 Scotch Wnisky ;.B2JSO 25c bottle ni»t ¦ iJt—
fm^S^H^Ta^T'GTn-'^ '¦¦&?% icBSyi-.'-^n'iskyi'boi: VA I" I IcOc
Sd°pK l »S? t i-^ l\ r er ?o£l&t ww*r.::::::KS
d «« P^i? Brandy * 2 -f° *f fine Old Gin ...5Oe
Sl.BO Port or Sherry 65e $1.25 bottle Vermouth ... ......... .. ; ! BOo
Quart botUe Vermouth Cocktails SOo 11 botUe Old Brandy, this week:::::::'coS
mi.J''fr^ lr ?PR < SiT-a > «<» T '"rroundlng town. . within 100
Somh IsT' 6PROAT^ 8 MAJ^KE 7 ' 10 *» Market *st..- opp. Jones or Hlbernla Bank; phone
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
I I , -
m. _sm r .
Kearny and Sntter Sts. O^sSsags?
Do Your Holiday Shopping Now
There are only three short weeks in which to choose your
Christmas gifts — no better place than here and no better time
than now to pick the choicest goods with the greatest com-
fort. We mention to-day a few favorite lines :
Choice Pyrographic Articles " ( s S 0 . n r * y F1 s o t 0 . r )
• Exquisite Burnt Wood Novelties — particularly suited for
holiday gifts. We show a large range of latest effects in these
handsomely finished articles, both burnt and tinted — and
they are prfced this way:
Picture Frames. 50c each Ink Stands — .... — $1.15 each
Stamp Boxes. :...60c each Decorative Steins. $ 1. 25 each
Blotting Pads... 65c each Jewel Boxes $1.50 each
Egg Cups 85c each Glove Boxes $2.25 each
Match Scratchers; 85c each Nut Bowls..* $2.75 each
Pretty Pin Cushions ("SSAy'ST)
No finer or better assortment of these dainty articles. to be
found anywhere. They are. in all sorts of shapes, richly
•trimmed and most moderately priced:
Pin Cushions, square shape, made Satin Pin Cushions, round shape,
•of satin and covered with fine with floral design embroidered
Point d'Esprit lace, trim- by hand and prettily trim-^ CA
med with ribbons, each . . OUC med with Chiffon and lace»h 1 .3U
Oblong Pin Cushions, In pretty Handsome Pin Cushions, with pop-
. colors, covered with dotted. Swiss, py designs exquisitely embrol-
• trimmed with fluted ruffle *< «*» dered in Chenille; trim'd *^ -^
aad ribbons, each «J>» «U" with India silk ruffle, each*p^»3v
HOLIDAY SALE OF
Embroidered Cushion Tops (?™Z?v?™)
•To-day we offer a special lot of Fancy Sofa Cushion Covers
that are all ready for use. They are exquisitely embroidered
by hand, in the very choicest of Poppy, Holly, Wild Rose,
Pansy and Tulip designs — size 24 inches square. Cushion:
Covers that cannot be duplicated to sell for less CO 7C
than $6.50 — our special price while they last 4>0.# 3
Sale of Nech Chains ("«u"st°. r )
77iey make fine Gifts for Christmas
Here are four specially attractive styles of neckchains —
values that will be hard to duplicate when these are sold.
Long Neckchains, gold or silver Necklaces of gold filled chain and
plated, plain links, regularly sold coral or turquoise' beads;, real
at 75c each, sale price 45c value $1.25 each, sale price.. 60c
Long Neckchains, in gold or silver, Stylish Necklaces, festoon effect,
with fancy colored jewels, worth fine gold links, with coral or tur-
$ r. 00 each, sale price 60c ; quoisebeads; were$i.5o, now 75c
$1.OO Fancy Oxfords 6Oc. (l^sufct)
•Cleaning-up sale to-day of a large lot of Fancy Oxford
Waistings. They are the brightest and prettiest imaginable —
among them axe the choicest designs, in figures and stripes
on white ground — all are this season's very latest novelties
for waists and sold regularly at $1.00 per yard — CHn
reduced for to-day's clearance sale to DUG
Black. Dress Goods (£££ ° s ° t 0 ¦
Newest Winter Fabrics at Remarkable Price Attractions :
44-inch Black Lace Canvas, all 46-inch Black Sharkskin, thjs sea-
wool, real value $1.25 *- r^r\ son's latest novelty, £<
yard, at. Ipl.UU worth $1.50 yard, at. .. »pl»^i>
¦l^inch B/!ack Panne Canvas — a 46-lnch Black Fennetta Cloth, a
superb quality and ex- * 1 rt « high-grade wool fabric, a 1 — -
• <eptionally fine value at «pl «"U value $1.50 yard, at ... s*l «^>>
OUR CHRISTMAS ORDERS
For Gloves or Merchandise
Make desirable and acceptable holiday gifts. They are
easily purchased and we issue them for any amount you
desire. The recipient makes her own selection — from any
department and at any time.
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue— we mail it Free.
Sri Kl D */ arissa a^M fi "H A aJ !¦ t>
IfTS Br My yi b8 w^*k H ED flH
?9 Stockton Street
Paoao Mata 5533.
Coming so close to Christmas,
it is particularly hard to select
a line of for this week
that would meet with your thor-
ough approval, but in the follow-
ing we believe we have succeeded
admirably:
f RFAMFRY RUTTFR-** wm ? lM « « ••'••
mosaUn bnttsr at 40 CtS. square
Regular 45c square.
FANCY EASTERN E6SS, doz.. ; ... 35c ¦
We _ give full guarantee wltli the**.
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, per Ib., 30c
! '."In order to add to th« wonderful popu-
. . larlty of this new department we have
. cut the price from 40c per lb. on Friday -
' and Saturday.
Fine" English Fruit Cake, per lb.; 25c
' This la ths celebrated Holmes & Coutts
- brand. Kegrularly sold at 40c pe* lb.
COMB HONEY, : per. comb.. -..I5c
ThU la fresh Nevada Saga hooey.. Reg.
20c. BK99
EVAPORATED APPLES... 4 lbs., 25c
Fine Watson-rill* Fruit. Reg 10c lb.
PRESTO.. i.. 3 pkgs., 25c •
"Well-known, rt'.labls \ ¦elf-ralslaj flour.
TURKEY DUSTERS— ' .
Numbers ... 10 18 14 18 18
Special 2Oe S.'.c 4O« S(>o O4>o
Regular ....S3c 35c 6Oc 63o 75c
E.C. BERRY BOURBON, per bot.,' 75c
Reg. ?1 and $4. QsJ. $3.
Fins Old Rye in full quart bottles, 90c
Reg. SI 25.
HOLLAND GIN...... per bottle,' 75c •
Regular (1.
CLARET..:...... per gallon, 40u
Iteg. BOo.
These Hctuor* and claret ar« of sueli
purity. and so well agad that w« can rec-
ommend theov aa being particularly de-
glrable.
Tired babies become rested
babies when fed on MelHn's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Yon will be glad that you sent for a tamp!*
of Mellin's Food when you seo how cazerlv
baby takes It.
v
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. HA."
I BSHfln i8 H 1 \m fffff si mi
f
I" 6 PAT E N TS I
: ' MAB3CS BROS.
Striking Bargains in
Winter Underwear
14 (flit BALBRIGGAN
At I His VESTS, fleece lined.
ni iuu j ong B i eeve8( h i gh
neck; . color ecru; 25c
quality..
MO En LADIES' EG*YP-
Jfjn TIAN COTTON
wvw VESTS, extra heavy
quality; colors, white
or ecru; COc valye. | '
14 jTQa LADIBS' EGTP-
AI *fDG TIAN COTTOS
ni TU« VKSTS. long sleeves,
. fleece , lined, pants to
* match; all colors; 65c
S> quality.' ¦
14 7Cft LADIES' KNIT
AT /DC VESTS, lisle and wool
ni ¦ ww mixed, pants to match;
colors, gray and white;
$1 00 value. , %
Mnn A LADIES' tKNIT
HnR VESTS, ellk and wool
w w u mixed, long sleeves,
pants to match; all
«. colors;' $1 25 quality. "
Womjen's Union Sdits at
Prices That WitfBe*
Town Talk. \
14 A On "WOMEN'S- UNION
AI HuC SUITS, extra heavy
. ¦. quality of cotton; gray -
, . or ecru; 75c value. ,
M7C A WOMEN'S EGTP-
inn TIAN COTTON
1 u w UNION SUITS; colora.
gTay or ecru; $100
• ; • value. |
14 nOn WOMEN'S UNION
¦AT HOC SUITS, wool mixed:
HI UUU whlte or /gray, n 05
value.
"TT'pTTnTr^'wOMBN'S UNION
Alial.'Zll s U ITS . "ale and wool
niv " "mlHd; colors, whit*
.:... or gray; $175 quality.
.11 AC. CHILDREN'S:
AT ZuC TL B D C B-L I N E D
111 tUV) VESTS. PANTS OR .
. ,, " DRAWERS; sizes 18 to
34; good 40c values.
Latest Arrivals in Holiday Goods
Now on Display.
We sell Merchandise Orders.
They are appropriate and up-
to-date holiday- gifts for one
to give.
Commencing -Monday Night,
; December 7, open every night
until Christmas.^ * •
MARKS~BftOS.
"Honest Values"
1220;22-*4iMARKET STREET
) .. Bet'Tay/or.and Jones
Green Trading Stamps Given on
all Purchases-'