SAN -.[FRANCISCO, -TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1903.
VOLUME XCV—NO. 1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
The /accident happened , near . the
Whittier junction,, south of Slausori
avenue., in a dense fog, which prevented
the motorman of. the Whittier car from
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 1.— Fifteen per
sons were injured, one of them fatally
and another sobadly it is impossible to
determine whether he will recover, .in
a rear-end' collision between a Whit-^
tier 'car and a Long. Beach -car of the
Pacific Electric Railway Company at
12:30 o'clock this mqrnlng.
Special Dispatch to The, Call.
Rear-End -Collision Causes
Horror in the Southern
Metropolis.
Fifteen Persons Hurt
and Two of Them
Fatally.
Disastrous Wreck
on Los Angeles ¦
' -TV-' •! ' " ' '
Railway, >
CARS CRASH
AND INJURE
PASSANGERS
SAN MATEO, Nov. 30.— While out
riding late this afternoon,. E. C. Ewell,
a capitalist and stoclc broker of San
Francisco, wh'o "resides 'here, "was
thrown from his hbr^e- and. almost in
stantly killed. • ; V* .
.The accident occurred a little after 5
o'clock. ..An_.eye. witness.. states . that
Ewell was riding at a; gallop,, when the
wind blew his hat ;cff- In _ reaching
back to catch it he lost his. balance and
fell to the"; ground, vfirlkirig ; his head
Special Dispatch > to The Call.
Wife Meets W|gon.Convey
ing Her Dying Husband
to His 'Home.
While; Ridif: the Man
Drops -irbm the •
Horse.-
fodker E|G. Ewell
Eille^aat San '
FALLS FROM
SADDLE TO
HIS DEATH
.SACRAMENTO.. Nov. 30..— Governor,
Pardeo to-day received a' telegram ifrom
Placerville anhouncine the death aT that
pUtce of S. J. Baker, Lake 'Tahioie'' wagon
road. Commissioner." Baker was'appoint
ed by the Governor in July ( last and his
term would not have expired until * May '
las. • ¦•"¦¦• ' , . ''-*-.-,
Wagon Road Commissioner Dies.
TOPEKA," Kans., Nov. 30.— The Santa
Fe California Limited passenger, train
was again placed In service yesterday
for the season... It .will make, 'dally
trips. The Santa Fe passenger depart
ment the California traffic of
the road; never so large , as this winter
arid it is expected to be that way all
the season. - . ¦.':¦
Santa Fe Limited in " Service.
Two other negroes under arrest— Sam
Lee and Peter Thomas— were released.
Lee proved that he had attempted to
prevent - the negroes shooting Adger,
and Thomas established the fact that
he was too frightened to shoot.
The condemned . negroes were given
an opportunity to pray before being
hanged. •.
on the - street, they thought it quite
natural to turn the weapons upon him.
No shots^were fired by' the lynchers,
the negroes all being hanged to a single
llnib of a tree.
seeing the, car ahead of him and caused
him to craahMnto it at a-speed of more
than thirty miles an hour.' .'- - : ':'.
On the Whi ttier" car ; in addition "^to , a
number I of "other ''• passengers were flf
.teeh'me'mbers "of 'Pacific Camp, Modern
Woodmen ' of /America," in unif ofm, .who
had been to .Whittier to' institute a new
camp. "When the "crash came, all the
passengers in ? the rear car were': hurled
forward., amid the splintered wod and
.broken iron and ? only two persons on
the car escaped injury. .
When .the " few who were uninjured
went", to -the assistance of , the • less ¦for
tunate passengers they found nearly
all 'those 'who were in therear'car piled
in |a? heap near the - front'*- door.'; < The
, work of rescue was ' at once begun " and
as fast. as, the injured-weretaken^from
tHe; wreck"; they were laid alongside the
track.-J.~- ( . :
WThjei irij ured ". are : as ilollows" iy ; - • 2
*" J. .W. • Bly,^ 3019 : Maple '• avenue, '-. right
leg'crushed. ' . ; , ?,'
G.yw.'*Arey, : 309 San 'Pedro street^ln^
ternal injuries. ' : ;' '*' >*'
C. Cortez, 142S .Lemoyne '-.street,-'
both (legs; broken."; _ \ ; ' . \ \ v * v
""'Others -less i seriously. injured 'arer-H."
i W. : Louche, { M. , T. Louche,' 'A. 3.1 Harsh
berger.Vl.^J. Herbert; ' p^E>;Devilblss/
T.^ B." ¦ Suttoh, ' J. i D. .Jones, Pasadena ;T J.
C. Roberts, Charles Ellery. and James
Kincaid.' \ - ."
: E.^C. Ewell; was; a ; member^of {the
flrmiof - E. C: Ewell &' Co., Veal estate
brokers,"' at* 232* Montgomery "street."** He
married :Miss t Jennie Masten, sister of
Joseph ¦' M. : " MasteW'.receiving teller Vof
the*CrockertWq6hvorth ~: National* Bank
of this city. He was a Stanford ,grad^
on the hard; pavement. . He was. picked
up unconscious : and bleeding . from In
juries on the- head and face. * A wagon
was procured and ; he was , conveyed to
his home, but died before, reaching: it,
anfl without having regained conscious-;
ness. ffiiftffE
The riderless • horse , dashed • up "to
Swell's*: home, and Mrs. Ewell, becom
ing .alarmed, went in. search of her
husband. She" met * the wagon '. and
joined Mr. » Ewell ;' just -before he ex
pired. - Coroner ¦ Crowe .was sent for.
and pronounced the death accidental.
An s examination ; showed ', that .the skull
had been fractured near the right tem
ple. '.•". ':'':¦ ;' ',',[ . : . -' ;;,;.
* E weir. was 33 years of age.iandijwas
married eight/years ago to a daughter'
of the Mate: M. K..Masten, a wealthy
railroad operator : and real estate own
er of , San Francisco. .-'. The wife*- alone
survives him. They>had no children.
The funeral arrangements have not yet
been made, 4 but trie iriterment{wiil p'rob
ably be in 'Cypress Lawn Cemetery on
Wednesday.' •* . ; . ""'.'.
CHICAGO,' Nov. 30.— Investigations
before Bankruptcy Riferee Wean\ to
day cast 'some light , on the "secret
profits" amassed by James S. Watson,
while, president of the firm of- Porter
.Bros.'. Company.
Testimony given by George B. Rob
bins of • Armour .• & Co. showed that
more than 5700,000; had been paid to
Watson In the last six years as. rebates
on refrigerating charges made . by the
Fruit Growers' Express Company.. .'•
/Attorney Bach, 'whe is conducting
the, examination, announced his inten
tion of. placing J. Ogden Armour on
the stand on Thursday to obtain addi
tional* evidence, and of then inquiring
.into; possible rebates made by railroads
on transportation' tariffs. Robbins sup
plied \ transcripts of express company's
accounts with Watson and presented
records ' showing .large loans made to
rWatson' personally by the Armours.
'- Undeveloped ; that documents that had
befit 'relied, upon-, to show the number of
car's « handled for ' the Porter : Brothers
Company since 1896 had been destroyed.
Robbins , explained that such records
accumulated too fast to'permitVf their
preservation^^^n^HffiQl
r/Armomv&'.Co.'s books showed .that
out of ;'elght\ large loans; made to V/at
'sori* but '.one. had 'been 'written in the
name, of .Porter Brothers & Co. .
('"We^ always ; regarded < the
as a'one^mah concern'. 1 ' 'said Robbins,
iVahdj considered " Watson's security as
good 'as i ' could *. be desired."
CORONER LELAND TAKING DEPOSITION OF. MRS, LILLIAN ; HITCHCbCK-CqiT IN HER ROOM.
VAST SUMS
IN REBATES
FOR WATSON
The dispatch ; 'of a ; squadron < to '.La'
Guayra is considered especially, signifi
cant and indicative of the English de
sire to press Castro hard.
the measure without obtaining a favor
able or even polite answer. A note on
the subject, it is believed, will be pre
sented to Venezuela while the British
squadron is at La Guayra.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— Although
the State Department has not been in
formed by the British Government that
it" Intends to send its West Indian
squadron to La Guayra to. back up the
demand on President Castro for the re
opening of Orinoco River ports, which
he closed to commerce' during the last
revolution there, the report of such in-
Itention is generally credited here, h,
That England would adopt a vigor
ous course In. Venezuela has never.
Wen considered^ unlikely,, although
the State -Department is confi
dent sh<i will .never again, for
fear of Rublic sentiment at home,
ally herself with Germany to. .. forcibly
collect claims from Venezuela. The
•closure of Ciudad Bolivar, and* other
ports on the Orinoco has been extreme
ly hard on British commerce.' The
closure applies to all commerce, but,-' on'
account of the proximity of Trinidad/it
most seriously affects , England. Re
peated representations have <been. made
to Venezuela by the British Minister in
Caracas.
Continued on Pace 3, Column 2.
cal parties have not fully and unre^
Bervedly rallied to the support of . the
Government in this crisis.' The internal j
political diRpensions nre slo-wly grow
ing more marked. The Liberal revolu
tionary element particularly is showing
Figns of increasing discontent through
out the «*ntiro country and a recurrence j
of the recent revolt at any time within j
the n*xt year would not surprise those j
•who arc familiar with Colombian af- I
Colombia may also, n is alleged, at
tempt to transport troops by sea. in
small schooners and other such craft,
between unimportant and -little known
ports, hopinjr to avoid the .American
gunboats and thus helping 'in the gen
oral movement toward Panama, or pos
sibly landing troops in the Chiriqui dis
trict. The Colombians believe they can
carry out such a movement without the
knowledge of the Americans and are
cor.ndent their soldiers. Inured to thp
hardships of campaigning and living
on the country without a commissariat,
can reach the borders of Panama over
land. Colombia can move troops with
out money and she can send them Into '
the field without a hospital corps, with
out a commissary department, without |
means of transportation and without •
pay.
Notwithstanding the Colombian Gov
ernment'? assurances, all of the politi-
MAY SEND TEOOPS BY SEA.
Bogota and the entire country is
v.-aiting to hear from General Reyes,
i -whose grant of full Presidential power
• has been confirmed. While there is still
I much talk in Colombia of raising a big
' army no actual steps in that direction
\ have yet been made. Public contribu
; tions are being made and decrees are
. occasionally issued reaching to warlike
j preparations. Colombia possesses a
j number of good rifles, some artillery
and an ample supply of ammunition.
| Quantities of ammunition have been
recently moved in carts from Honda,
sixty-five miles from Bogota, on the
Magdalena River, to Bogota.
: Colombia has not lost the idea of
making an effort to regain the Isthmus.
She still entertains hopes that General
Beyes will succeed in effecting a satis
factory arrangement in Washington.
Failing this the Colombians, it is be
lieved, will undoubtedly advance on the
isthmus, sending troop* In small par
ties of 200 to 300 along both coasts suf
ficiently inland to keep their move
ments secret On arriving on the bor
ders of Panama they will, it is said,
begin a guerrilla -warfare, pillaging and
burning.
COLON, Nov. SO. — Louis Deroux, who
was a member of the Colombian House
of Representatives from Panama, who
made a speech in the House on October
2 warning Colombia to sign the Hay-
Herran canal treaty immediately or
she would lose the isthmus the ¦ day
Congress closed and who was instru
mental in bringing about the appoint
ment of General Obaldia as Governor
of Panama, has arrived here from Bo
gota, whence he 6tarted on November
14. Senor Deroux is a Panamatan, and
owing to his well-known political con
nections he was ' subjected to annoy
ances and affronts in Bogota and on
the llagdalena River, where at one
place, on the passage down a number
of Colombians threatened to board the
Ftearner and molest him. The trouble
was averted by the captain cutting the
vessel's moorings and dropping, down
stream. In Bogota efforts .-were; made
to~ persuade Dtrtnix't6*j6Yn x the t Reyes
commission to the isthmus, but Deroux
abruptly declined.
When Deroux left Bogota the United
States Legation was guarded contin
uously by fifty soldiers armed with
rifles. Minister Beaupre mentioned
that possibly he would come down the
river, but apparently Beaupre has not
decided to do so.
WOULD ASSASSINATE BEATJPRE.
A governmental consulting commis
sion has been formed In Bogota. £t is
composed of Liberals, Conservatives
and Nationalists. . According to good
authority at one meeting of the com
mission the statement was repeatedly
made that Beaupre must be killed
whether or not the United States de
stroyed Cartagena in retaliation. Wiser
counsels, however, prevailed.
SHREVEPORT, La., Nov. 30.— In the
presence of a crowd composed of 1200
persons, whites and - negroes, Phil Da
vis, Walter Carter and Clint Thomas,
all negroes, were lynched this after
noon within a short distance of Bel
cher, which is twenty miles from
Shreveport. The men were executed
for having participated in the fatal
shooting of Robert Adger, a popular
business man. . j\»
The negroes confessed their crime.
They said that they were, trying new
revolvers, and, when Adger appeared
PORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
Nov. 30. — The British West Indian
squadron will leave nere on Thursday
for La Guayra,, Venezuela. The Gov
ernment officials in Caracas assert that
the squadron's visit to La Guayra Is in
connection with the closing of the
river Orinoco by President Castro to
foreign trade, which has specially af
fected the interests of Trinidad.
Bass-Ironside, the British Minister in
Caracas, has twice protested against
Special Dispatch to The Call
: Republic Is Planning for
Guerrilla Warfare on
the Isthmus;
¦¦¦- . \
Culprits Confess and Are
Permitted to Offer Up
a Last Prayer.
Entire West Indian Squad
ron to Sail for Repub
lic's Coast.
His Assassination Is
Urged in Council
of Leaders.
Will Press Demand for
Reopening of the
Orinoco.
Mrs v Colt— Something that Garnett
said or did caused Major McClung and
myself to approach him. I cannot re
member just what It was. It may have
been the act of Garnett closing the door
Coroner Leland— Where did Garnett
stand at this time?
"Mrs. Colt— H*» .was standing just in
side the door and the major and my
self were standing in the middle of the
room near the'center table.
Coroner Leland— What' took place
then?
SULYER DREW HIS PISTOL.
"He did not answer me when I spoke
to him and told him he was drunk and
to go away, but he told Major McClun?
to", leave the room. I told the major
not to do so, as I resented Garnett's
insult to my guest. Garnett again told
the major to leave the room, but I
again asked the major to remain.
"I then told Garnett . that he could
not remain, as I was going to dress for
dinner, and I again asked him what he
wanted. He then said. 'I am here for
an apology.'
"Garnett came Into the room, and I
said to him. 'What do you want?' He
had a most fearful expression on his
face and, I would not have known him
had I met him on the street. His eyes
were blazing and he had his teeth
clenched. When he came in \* nzld.
'Well. I am here.*'
"It w-as last Wednesday," she said.
"about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Ma
jor ' McClung -was visiting me. Us
brought me a message from his wife.
We were seated in this room. I had
my back to the door. The door was
slightly open leading Into the hallway
of my apartments.
"Major McClung suddenly smiled and
said. 'Here Is Garnett.' I turned and
saw. Garnett standlnsr In the doorway.
He had his hat on and his overcoat on
his arm.
GARNETT'S EYES HLAZED.
Garnett on the night of his arrest
claimed that McClung had ! tried to
throw him out of Mrs. Coit's apart
ments, that he drew his revolver to de
fend himself and that the weapon ex
ploded In the struggle. Mrs. Coit flatly
contradicts this statement. After be
ing sworn by Coroner Lelar.d. Mrs. Coit
gave her name, and she was then asked
to recount the shooting, of McClung
by Garnett. ?
Mrs. Coit yesterday stated more than
once that Garnett had pulled a revolver
from his vest before Major McClung
ever laid his hands on the man who
afterward took his life.
In answering the questions of the
Coroner and District Attorney Mrs.
Coit Illustrated her evidence by point
ing out the locations in the room where
Garnett and his victim stood at the
time o* the tragedy last Wednesday.
Save for the darkened electric light
that hung over the Head of the bed
upon' which Mrs. Coit reclined, the
apartment was in semi-darkness while
the investigation was held. A trained
nurse was in the room, but her ser
vices were not required during the two
hours occupied In taking the testimony
of the only eye-witnt-ss to the killing
of Major McClung by Garnett.
While the evidence of Mrs. Colt did
not differ materially from the state
ment she made to Detective Byram on
the night of the shooting it brought out
one prominent fact that will be diffi
cult for Garnett to explain away.
POINTED OUT LOCATIONS.
Coroner Leland, accompanied by hi3
stenographer, went to the rooms of
Mrs. Coit yesterday afternoon. Dis
trict Attorney Byington was al3o pres
ent at the taking of the testimony oC
Mrs. Coit and her attorney, H. Cres
well, was also in tl\e room to watch hia
client's interests.
Mrs. Coit did not hesitate In giving
her evidence and the manner in which
she told of the tragedy that took place
in her presence was candid and con
vincing.
The testimony was taken in the room
in which Garnett fatally shot Major
McClung. Mrs. Colt was in bed. but
she sat up while answering the ques
tions of Coroner Leland and District
Attorney Byington.
- At times she betrayed the nervous
strain under which she was suffering,
but she bravely went through the or
deal of the examination.
Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-Colt. In whose
presence Major J. W. , McClung was
fatally shot last Wednesday afternoon
by Alexander Garnett while in Mrs.
Coit's apartments at the Palace Hotel,
was sufficiently recovered yesterday to
give her deposition to Coroner Leland.
Dr. de Vecchi, Mrs. Colt's physician,
informed Coroner Leland yesterday
that while his patient would not be
able to attend the inquest to-day, it
would be possible to .take her deposi
tion.
Fatal Shooting^ of a
White Man Their
/ Crime.
Gives Testimony
at Her Room
in Hotel.
American Minister
to Bogota in
Danger.
Great Britain Or
ders Ships to
La Guayra.
Triple Execution
of Negroes In;
\ Louisiana.
Witness Recounts
Details of the
Tragedy.
LYNCHERS
HANG TRIO
OF BLACKS
COLOMBIANS
WANT LIFE
OF BEAUPRE
WAR FLEET
TO MENACE
VENEZUELA
SAYS PRISONER HAD
NO CAUSE TO SHOOT
MRS. LILIAN HITCHCOCK=COIT TELLS CORONER THE STORY
OF THE KILLING OF MAJOR M'CLUNG BY ALEXANDER GARMETT
Continued on Page 3, Column <t»
TEE WXATHEE. t - - .^L
Forecast mads at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours eadlnff .
xaidnigrlit, December 1:
j San . Francisco and vlnclalty—
Talr Tuesday; U^ht "northerly
windUchaaginr to westerly.
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
-*| THE TriEATIBS.
p?Alcazar — "A Poor Relation." ¦
California — "At the Old Cross
Boadi." .
Central — "The Cottatarfeiters."
Colombia— "Way Sown East."
Plaster's — "I. O. IT."
Grand — "Over Niagara Falls."
Orphcnra — Vaudeville.
The Chutei — Vaudeville.In answer to questions \ from the
committee Rubens explained the man
ner in which he chanced to go to Cuba
in connection with the military, what
his services had been and of a differ
ence with General Wood, through* which
he severed his cpnnection with the
Government. He said he then became
counsel in the postbfflce . cases. He
was asked concerning General Wood's
intimacy with Captain Bellairs and
other newspaper men and also if it
were true that General Wood had made
a show of Jealousy of his superior offi
cers. , . /
IMPUGNS WOOD'S VEBACITY.
The witness detailed the relationship
between General Wood and' newspaper
men, saying it was understood that he
attempted to 'use the "newspaper men
to exploit his own deeds. Regarding
Generals Ludlow and Wilson Rubens
said General Wood was quoted as say
ing that he had to get rid of them.
While this was hearsay evidence it was
admitted, as the witness told the com
mittee how it could obtain evidence to
prove the truth of the statements.
At the conclusion of Rubens' testi
mony a member of the committee
asked him his opinion of General
Wood's ; r veraclty. He asked that the
question be made more explicit, and
then was asked if he would be willing
to accept the word of General Wood In
any matter in which the general had
a personal Interest. Rubens - answered
he was sorry to say that he could not
accept General Wood's statement under
such, circumstances.
Before Rubins was called the state :
ment was made by Major Rathbone
that^the rule that witnesses should not
bring before the committee any matters
that Involved hearsay evidence, and
that they could not swear to, had the
British Army Balloon Stations.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The War Office
has decided to establish Walloon sta
tions on the Mediterranean. Sections of
the balloon corps have been ordered to
proceed to Malta and Gibraltar early
in December. Hitherto there have been
no permanent balloon establishments in
the British armv outside of Aldershot
camp in England.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding- Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money if Paso
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 50c*
effect of hampering him in bringing out
the force of his charges. Senator Proc
tor announced that the rule was im
properly understood and that as chair
man he wanted to assure the witnesses
that they should not be unduly hin
dered by Judicial red tape. - The result
was that the testimony of Rubens was
more detailed than any that has here
tofore been given. 'i.\-':\
SAN JOSE. Nov. 30. —William Singleton,
who sbct and killed Simon r.ojenjufs last night,
¦was arrala-ned before Justice Davlson on a
i-harste of murder this mcrnlng. The ccm
plalnt was sworn to by Joe Patron, a cousin of
Bojorjfues. The preliminary examination of
Singleton was eet for next Wednesday.
NEWPORT, R. I., Nov. 30.— Mrs.
Reginald Vanderbilt, while attending a
local theater to-night, met with a severe
fall, the result of which is awaited with
great anxiety.
In company with her husband, Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt and sev
eral other friends Mrs.- Vandr rbllt went
to the Grand Opera-house to-night to
witness "The Princess -of K nsington."
During the play she started to leave
the box and failing to notice a step
pitched headlong, striking on her hands
and chest. She was carried from the
theater in a fainting condition and
taken up to Dr. Darran's bouse and
subsequently to the Geer cottage, where
her mother, Mrs. Frederick Neilson, is
Etaying.
Two physicians were hastily sum
moned and will remain wltn her during
the night. '-.
and Is Badly In
jured.
SEBIOUS MISHAP TO MBS. ."
BEGINAI/D VANDERBILT
On a Step in a Theater She Falls
ST. LOUIS, Nov. CO.— The Grand Jury
has summoned Andrew. Gazzolo, Speak
er, and a number of other members of
the Houf=e of Delegates for the purpose
of investigating the methods involved
in the granting of franchises. Fifteen
members of the present House, it is al
leged, are members of a combine or
ganized to control the proceedings of
that body.
St. Louis' "Solid Fifteen."
Horatio S. Rubens of New York, for
merly a. m(u#*ber of . the Cuban junta,
gave testimony tending to corroborate'
the statements made to the committee
by Major Runcle in | reference to the
knowledge General W o °d Is said to
have had of the Runcle. magazine arti
cle criticising unfavorably the admin
istration of Major General Brooke as
Governor General" of Cuba.
One of the most. important state
ments made by Rubens was that Gen
eral Wood visited him after the pub
lication of the Runcie article and that
their conversation showed that General
Wood had previous \ knowledge of It.
Rube'ns. said General x^Woad admitted
that he told Runcie that the article
put him (Wood) in an awkward posi
tion.
Rubens also told the committee than
when the break occurred between Run
cie and General Wood he brought them
together and tried to patch up their
differences in a manner that would ex
onerate Runcle of the onus attached to
his name by the report made to the
War Department by General Wood.
The witness also said that when*Runde
wrote to General Wood begging Wood
to set him right before the country,
Runcle showed- him the letter. He told
the contents of the letter to the com
mittee and it supplied the missing link
in the correspondence that has j pre
viously been filed with the Rathbone
charges.
proaching a calamity and that discon
tent and profound business depression
existed. Finally, General "Wood prayed
that the customs receipts be left under
local control. The witness declared
that the attitude of General Wood was
responsible to a great 'extent in adding
to the disquiet of the Cubans.
BTJBENS GIVES TESTIMONY.
CHICAGO. Nov. po.— Because he was
short five cents In settling for his break
fast Marcus Sheehan, a guard on the ele
vated road, was shot and killed fcy James
Berganus, proprietor of a Canal-street
restaurant. Sheehan said he would pay
the nickel later. Berganus, with the
declaration, "You'll pay now or never
leave this house," drew a revolver and
without a word of warning shot Sheehan
in the head, killing him instantly.
Throwing Sheehan's body on the side
walk, Berjranus locked up the place and
fled.
Because a Man Could Not Settle in
Full Chicago Restaurant Man
Uses a Pistol.
aruBDERs ctjstomeb; v ;; • ¦•:£:•?
FOB PALTR'iT: NICKEL
A score of Hires have been lost among
crews of the vessels composing the
French fishing fleet during the etorma
of the last few days.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Continual rains
have been succeeded by snowstorms,
which to-day were general throughout
Great Britain and many parts of the
Continent. The fall In London was
slight, but in some of the country dis
tricts outdoor work is suspended and
traffic is carried on with difficulty.
Sixteen degrees of frost was recorded
In the south of Scotland last night.
Vessels are seeking refuge in the har
bors along the British coast.
The snowstorms are so severe in Bel
glum that telegraph and telephone
communication w'ith Germany is inter
rupted.
Lives Are Lost on French Coast and
Vessels Seek Shelter in th©
Harbors.
S1XOWSTOBM IN" ENGLAND
AND ON THE CONTINENT
yVtVlUA. Samoa. Nov. 17.--The United
i\iir. navy tK nbt>ut to station In Tutuli.t
thirty xcarJnt*. with an otHcer. Tho Sa
nnoans are sot pleased with the t«?port
and anticipate t-oubJe between "the ma
rines an«i the native soMiers.* which mfty.
Kris* 1 through JeaJousy and the idea that
the white men will iook down upen tJi»m
and treat them with inferiority.. The Sa«
moans are a proud people*and will. reseat
any such treatment should It be - at-'
tempted. ".'• •:¦. '"';.. : ";. : \ '• '-.• VvVf .;..
to Be Stationed* in
Tutuila.
Ao Officer .and Thirty Jackies Are
tTKCLE SAM TO LAND
HABIWES IN SAMOA
Thomas Wilkinson, who retires to
r.ight as Warden of Folsom Prison, was
t&fn called by the prosecution, and in
a general way recounted the Incidents
attending th* break. He could not
identify Wood as one of the convicts
whn assaulted the prison officers. He
(leaned the wafcetcoast he wore on the
nicmlng of the break and showed the
great cut he says wa& made by the
knife f«f «ne cf the convicts.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. SO.— District
Attorney A. M. 8eymour this morning
t tAtt d iLa evidence of the prosecution
la the case of John H. Wood, charged
with murder In connection with the as-
Mcstnatlon of Guard W. 1* Cotter In
tb.9 jprison break at Polsom last July.
This morning Joan Martinez, the ex
convict who was pardoned for his loyal
support of the prison officials, was
called for further cross-examination by
the defense, but nothing new was elic
ited.
SCOFIELD, Utah," Nov. 301—A11 the
coal mining tamps Jn the district tfere
placarded with official notices of the
United Mine Workers of America this
morning;, declaring a strike In the Utah
coal fields and calling on all miners to
cease work. From now on a systematic
fight for the demands of the miners
will 1 e made "under the direction of the
union.
The five days* notice of eviction
served on the striking miners occupy
ing houses on leased company ground
expired to-day, and guards armed with
rifles made a house-to-house call, de
manding that the houses be vacated.
Xo disturbances are reported to have
occurred. ,
DENVER, Nov. SOy-Nearly two
thirds of the 2000 miaers In the North
ern Colorado coal>-flelds resumed work
to-day and It Is expected that within a
week the full force will be at work,
making the regular- production of 4000
tons daily In this 4btrict. Hopes are
entertained that the conference to be
held on Wednesday at Trinidad be
tween President John Mitchell and the
officials of District 15. United Mine
Workers, will lead to a settlement of
the strike In the southern fields.
The members of the executive board
of the Western Federation of Miners
convened in executive session to-day at
the headquarters of the federation in
this city to discuss the situation.
TEL.LUKIDE. Colo/, Nov. 30.--Justice
of the Peace War ring ton Robinson to
day Issued a lot of John Doe warrants
to. Sheriff Rutan to be used as he sees
fit. The Sheriff says that Governor
Peabody ordered the militia to Tellu
ride on condition that "agitators. Idlers
and trouble breeders be driven from
the camp," and that he will use the
blanket warrants to accomplish this
result. The union - leaders regard the
action of the 'Justice as an invasion of
their, rights.-:':.'- ; }-lv:; : r) -X '•' ":¦;'• ¦-•V;'" 1 -- . : I
Thirty-eight; men ¦werei; taken -.^into
custody, soldiers ; accompanying 'ii the
Deputy Sheriffs and assisting!, in : mak
ins the arrests.; Twenty of the prison
ers ;wore discharged by Justice", Robin-*
son! : Sixteen others wore rtntd US each
for.- vagrancy and two oWercf assessed
J3S each on the same charge? One;- man
was fined $5 for contempt of court;"\The
sentences," except in the.contempt. case;
were suspended until 2 p." m. December
C. when .they", must' b'eVp.aid or Incarcer
ation ...in: the; ja'I jwill. rollotv. .unless ¦¦ the
men are at workl- "' ; .-'-;'-' : •• ; :-- '¦¦¦'¦ '.-'•¦: ¦:¦ '^v:-
Deputy Congy (Republican-Social
ist) to-day announced his intention to
Interpellate the Minister of War, upon
his return to Paris, in regard to his
action in the Dreyfus case, but the
Ministry replied that it had no inten
tion of arguing the interpellation un
til the commission had rendered its
report.
Public sentiment has been aroused to
a high pitch by this latest phase of
the Dreyfus affair, which was rele
gated to second and third places, re
spectively, by the Panama affair and
the Humbert Inquiry. Some of the sen
sational papers connect the Humberts
with Dreyfus, 'asserting that they used
their influence and money in his be
half in order that the Ministry might
not be -subjected to theNJanger of be
ing shaken up.
In consequence of the agitation fol
lowing the action taken in the Drey
fus affair, the Government has allowed
the publication of the declaration made
at the last meeting of the Council by
M. Valle, the Minister of Justice. The
Minister communicated to his col-'
leagues the contents of the dossier,
and the result of the examination made
by War -Minister Andre and himself,
adding:
"You understand that I will not con
sult you or solicit advice. I have sim-.
ply determined to inform you of my
decision, which I have the right to take
as Minister of Justice, and which I
take on my own responsibility."
connection It Is recalled that,
the-^rst •» committee
charged l.ip .examine the petition pre*
«ented;by .Mme. Dreyfus In the name
of her husband, ; then : a prisoner at
Devils" Island/ decided against a re
vision, but the Minister at Justice over
ruled tble, : : which. is [considered a pre
cedent forViike^ftction in the present
development ;.\ by/; Minister vValle, ° who
some time : ago ".-went-" so>;\ f ar>"a.s> to : >ay:
that the-.polJcy of :the (^yeirn'mentrhad'
already v b.een ' nrade;'up..and ; ;:was : f avor
able to':preyfus;>hatever the^conclu
sions 'of Vth'e 'commission, although the
officials' -.expect them to support the
Dreyfus "petition.
The commission will pass upon two
points—the , uses made of the pretend
ed bordereau annotated by Emperor
William of Germany and the alleged
false testimony of Czernuskl during
the court-martial at Rennes.
PARIS. Now 3^-The general belief
prevalte^ In Weil-informed circles that
the commission appointed to pronounce
upon the admlasiblllty of the request
of Alfred breyitus^fdr *": judicial re
vlsioii of hfcr case will submit Ita con
elusions / $0 the Minister of Justice
within^ a week, arid some persons say
before the end of 'the present week.
M. Mercier,. a director of the Ministry
of Justice; and a member, of the coin*,
mittee, v says the ; commission baa ; not
yet assembled, •=; and fthat he has ; > no
knowledge of the contents of the docu
ments : to a be examined. \{^\}y\^ ; :y^:^i
' VThe -committee^ Mercieir adds, "pro*
posos to take all the time nccewary to
deal with eUch' an important Question,
but ;; ; its^conclusions ;> T?ill not be final.
They.may or may not be accepted by
the Minister "of Justice.'* ;/.;. -.: ¦;• -; -•-;
. NEW YORK, Nov. 20. —Formal an
nouncement of the Intention of the
Commonwealth Trust Company':(for
merly the Trust Company of the Re
public) to start an investigation Into
the connection of the company with the
formation and flotation of- the United 1
Statea Shipbuilding Company and to
take such action justified by the results
of the investigation as will tend to
clear, the jj name of the company tvas
made . to-day . by : President Scharr Itt <*
the\ Commonwealth Company.- At tha
request' ottbree directors of the Com
monwealth Company who tter# xnQm>
bora of the. directorate of the original
company a resolution wo* a»2f»y:e<2 by
the executive committee directing that
All Investigation be Started
It i* not stated v.-h.-it form the sio
eeiauPnt action Viill take, but it Is said
the purpcs» Is first to chaw if possible
that the coxapany toas victimized, and
ceCond, to recoup the company for any
losses sustained by the transaction. 1 : :
Oa petition of credllors the Town
send &. X>owney Shipbuilding Company.
which closed its gates last week, was
to*day placed in the hand* of a re
ceiver -bj* Judge Holt of the United
States Circuit Court. The flnn is capi
talized at $3,500,000. Creditors wish the
business continued.
V -.The attorney for the creditors stated
that the attitude of the creditors was
entirely friendly to the Townsend-
Powney Company and that it would be
given every opportunity to reorganize
and get upon its feet again.
In the course of General Brooke's
testimony, he said that General Wood
became unduly excited when the Cu
bans held indignation meetings in San
tiago for the purpose of protesting
against the centralization order. The
witness laid before the committee a
copy of the telegram he received from
General Wood; saying that the Cu
bans looked upon the order as ap-
matters needing attention. Correspond
ence relating to the trip was laid be
fore the committee. ° .' :
General Brooke read a letter which
he had sent to the adjutant general of
the War Department, asking that' Gen
eral Wood be instructed to prohibit the
publication of such articles during the
period of military government. He also
read General Wood's reply to the adju
tant general, which, the witness said,
had been sent over the head of his su
perior officer, saying that freedom of
speech, untrammeled criticism of the
military government and absolute inde
pendence in all matters was. a- neces
sary part of the education of the Cu
bans to fit them to conduct a liberal
government.
General Brooke told the committee
that on January 4, 1899, General Wood,
without consulting his superior officer,
obtained permission to visit Washing
ton, even though he left In abeyance
WASHINGTON, Nov. 80. — Major
General John E. Brooke, retired, for
mer Governor' General of Cuba,- to-day
gave testimony before the Senate Com
xnlUee Vim Military Affairs which
charged ' insubordination against Gen
eral i L^riard^WpodlT General/ Brooke
>vas: before" the 'committee more: than
two hours, and opcUpled" the erttireJtime
in telling: of General' Wood's -Conduct
at Santiago. The witness offered in
support of his statemeht^mahy docu
ments taken from records in -the: War
', Department and several papers ¦ from
his personal collection. At the close; of
his testimony a member- p£ the commit
tee said it was probable General Wood
would have to return. from the^ rPhii-'
ippines and testify. ¦ ; : ' :
One of the charges made by General
Brooke is that General Wood violated
the order which required liim, In
making improvements in; Scfntiago, to
submit estimates to the Governor Gen-;
eral. As evidence of this violation.
General Brooke called attention to the
building of barracks at Santiago, near
the Morro; without General Wood first
Jiavlng given notice to:the3pepartment
of Havana. General \ Brooke • said also,
that General" Wood continuously, sent
: communications to the ; . War)./E»epart-;
ment over the headibf Ihia | commanding
officer. The ;VwU^«s\ ; iMSur(^Ath"e;;comf
mittee. that heTcared npthlhj^; f or^the;
ignoring^ of; his authbrHy.but^ said; that
the; prbcecd!iiss>hail ::been: ; ' detrimental
to; military discipline.
; PRESS : ATTACKS ;.• ON" :¦ .BBOOKE. :
Brooke" •cailed;.to'-the".Vhttenr;
ti6a^the;c^mittee,yn support ofjiin;
alle^tiqny.tKat- General: Wood ';had
lecte.il y toV.work";fln.'V;harmon"^
• : mIlitaryyRbycrnment,°.-.r
Geheral^Wob^ai'attltulie ; £towird -Sjthe;
newspaijers^in"'^ 'Santiago';; '^whlch'^rer:
peatedly^rnade'^ attacks vupon'fjGeneral
Brooke's^-^administration.
Brooke ; r.ea<i a ."number, of these attacks,
and also his- recommendation -to*> the.
I War .Department • that the.: papers be
suppressed unless they desisted.' • • • :
One of the extracts f rom • the . Inde
pendencia, published in Santiago, which
was read, was a bitter denunciation of
General Brooke, under the caption,
"God Save Cuba." The article was
based on General Brooke's order for
the centralization of affairs in the isl
and, In which receipts from nil cus
tom-houses were ordered sent to Ha
vana. The article, among other things,
said that, if carried into effect, the or
der would soon prohibit the people of
Santiago, from breathing without per
mission from General Brooke; that it
was a matter of life and death to the
province of Santiago to get the order
rescinded. A large number of tele
grams of indignation sent to President
McKinley were ajppended to the article.
WOOD DEFENDS, NEWSPAPERS.
Retiring Folrom Official Tes
tifies in the Sacra
mento Court.
V7111 Attempt : £tb^;:Bocpyer
Funds It Iioatt Jto'theij
''_.'' " -Merged;" •:-
Connection of Panama and
'/- ¦•--vcitea: interest. "'
To-Morro w's Conference May
Restore Peace in South
ern Districts. :
Former Governor of Cuba Says He Was Ignored by Santiago Commandant
and That Wood Encouraged Newspaper Attacks Upon Him-Member of
Northern: Colorado Col
lieries Again in i
Operation;-
Action on Petition, for
Revision to Be An
nounced Soon.
Garment Exhibited by
' Wilkinson at Wood's
Trial. *
WARDEN SHOWS
CUT WAISTCOAT
MINERS RETURN
TO THEIR WORK
SHIPYARD POOL'S
NEW FOE ACTIVE
AWAIT REPORT
IN DREYFUS CASE
MAJOR GENERAL BROOKE ACCUSES
GENERAL WOOD OF INSUBORDINATION
THE SAN** FRANjCisCQ..,.. CALI^
NOTED ARMY OFFICER AND FORMER GOVERNOR GENERAL OF
CUBA, WHO HAS UIVEN STRONG TESTIMONY IN SUPPORT OF
CERTAIN CHARGES AGAINST GENERAL. LEONARD WOOD.
WASHINGTON". Nov. 30— J. E. Ph»rldan.
mining Inspector for New Mexico, in his an
nual report, says the demand for coal in the
Territory has exceeded the supply, not
withrtanfiinR the substitution of ell for fuel on
£000 miles cf railroad.
Strikes at Dakota Divorces.
DES MOINL'S, Iowa, Nov. 30.— Judge
James A. Howe of the District Court
held to-day that a' decree granted un
der the Dakota divorce statutes, if • it
be proved .the non-resident litigant re
sides there merely for the purpose of
obtaining a divorce, is null and void.
CHICAGO. Nov. 30.— President Har
per of the University of Chicago has
warned the students against a typhoid
fever epidemic at the university. Sev
eral cases of fever have developed in
the last few days and the authorities,
fearing a siege, have begun the' most
rigid efforts to 6tamp out the disease
before it gets a firmer hold among the
students."
Warns Students Against Fever.
"Wculd-Be Murderer Commits Suicide
SPRINGFIELD, III., Nov. 30.—Fred
erick Hayden, member of a prominent
local family, was shot in the head by
Mrs. Marie Rhodes in an apartment
here to-day. The woman then commit
ted suicide. Hayden will recover. The
woman's husband recently brought suit
for divorce. ..'•"
Reparation to Count es 3 Kwilecki.
BERLIN, Nov. 30.— Financiers have
agreed to advance funds to» Countess
Isabella Vosierska Kwllecki, who was
acquitted on the charge of presenting
a false heir to the estate at Wrobelo.
Count Hector Kwilecki. a member of
the Reichstag, who. with his father,
Count Misjislaw Kwilecki, contested as
next of tin the legitimacy of the Count
ess' son, not only consented, but even
personally guaranteed the loan, doing
this as a partial reparation for his
share in the recent prosecution of the
Countess.
2
' J °. ' COTTOLENE. .. ' ' ' .- '
Everything about Cottolene is clean and pure from its ori^ to its com^etiiMi. Warmed into life by the
sun on Southern Cotton Fields, nursed by rain and de^j the (Cotton plant finally concentrates in its
seed that life-giving and life-sustain^ Cottolene makes food
nutritious, delicious and healthful. Then think of people '---tiisax^g- 'b^g : :l4^:^wiiLra' -'Cliey'-'.caii -.-get Cottolene S
FREE ! Send usa two-cent stamp to pay postage and we'll inail you a copy of our book, "^ Home'Helps," edited by Rorer^ whfehcontains 300 choice recipes from the country's noted cooks.
Made only by THE F^
- ¦ ' " - sW»»»HfflilBs»BMsffBBBBBWffffiBCT 'TCnT^i MJMff r^SKMWMtMEmM^tmmMHK > ' r ' ¦"¦.'• -. • -•Mare Island Officials Or
dered to Prepare a
Cargo.
SHOOTS SPOUSE
BEFORE SUICIDE
WARSHIPS NEED
MORE SUPPLIES
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Dr. Schimpe Returns to th« Occi
dental While Police Axe
Looking for Him. .
Dr. Rudolph Schimpe, a wealthy resi
dent of St. Paul, who has been a guest
at the Occidental Hotel lince July last,
returned to that hostelry yesterday after
an absence of several days, and found to
his surprise that he had been accounted
in his own town as missing for several
weeks. :V
Dr. Schimpe is a chemist of consider
able note and is the president of a bric
quettt company, in whose interest he
cam«? to the coast. Several days ago he
decided to pay a visit to friends in Oak
land and immediately carried out his in
tentions by crossing the bay. He forgot
to mention to the clerks at the Occidental
that he -was going to be away. Two days
apo the local police received from St.
Paul a request to locate the doctor, the
explanation for' the Inquiry being that he
had not been heard from for some time,
and his friends and relatives were con
tiderably worried about his safety.
Hardly had the local sleuths started
cut en a hunt for the supposed missing
man before he returned to his hottl. The
doctor was unable to suggest a reason
why the anxiety had been aroused in St.
Paul.
MJSSIXG ST. PAUL MAN
TURNS UP AT HIS HOTEL
MISSOULA. Moat.. Nov. 30. — Joe Morrl-
C*u c? the Flathead reservation, who was ar
reeted by troope from the fort for. not paying
the- tax upon his cattle, to-day paid over to
Agent Sraead 51300, the entire amount of the
tsx.
The annual exhibition and sale of the
California Keramic Club and the Na
tional League of Mineral Painters will
be held in the maple and marble rooms
of the Palace Hotel this afternoon and
evening. The exhibition .will be open
from 1 p. m. to 10 p.* m. It will be re
peated again to-morrow from 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.
All arc invited to attend;* and some
excellent work will 'be shown.. The
following named -are the members of
the Keramic. Club: Mrs. J. S. Adams,
Mrs. T. D. Ashworth, Mrs. R. .V. Bate
man, Mrs. 'P.- Clay, Mrs. S. V. Culp,
Mrs. M. Griffin, Miss A Hinze, Mrs. E.
C. AlIIs, Miss A. Bliss. Mrs. K. Church,
Miss M. Colby, Mrs. J. Eva,'Mrs.-Will
iam Haynes, Mrs. E. Jakobs, Miss E.
Kleinschmitz, Miss ;L. Lamb, Mrs. M.
Nourse, Miss A. Oesterman, Mrs. -E..J.
Root", Miss L. Smith, Miss M.i Taylor,
Miss. M. Thompson, Miss B. Klein
schmiiz. Mrs. L. Le;Tourrieux. Miss H.
O'Malley. Mrs. M: E. Perley, Mrs. L.
Scudder, Miss A. , Spreckels and Mrs.
M. WilsOtt
KERAMIC CLUB WILL
HOLD AN EXHIBITION
This repudiation of designs on L'Has
sa or of a permanent stay in Thibetan
territory is understood to" be an outcome
of the . discussions by the ; British Cabi
net. last ;. week, when > the \ attitude ".' of
Russia in relation to the expedition .was
amonir the principal questions 'debated:
LONDON. Nov. 30— It was announced
to-day that the British Government has
no present intention of sending 1 the
•Yo'ungnusb'and expedition through to
L'Hassa, the capital of Thibet,' or even
of permanently occupying Gyangtse,
which is the second town in* importance
in Thibet. On his arrival at Gyangtse
Colonel Younghusband, It is said, hopes
to^be able, to reopen negotiations with
the Thibetans. There Is ; no j question,
however, that preparations are being
made for all emergencies. The military
arrangements are Intrusted to Colonel
MacDonald./who. was with the allied
forces in China. Immense quantitiesof
transport, stores and warm clothing are
being collected, • including^, fur coats,
purchased for the J troops' f n China!
which are being sent from 'Tientsin, as
on the occasion of the previous demon
strations 'on the Thibetan : frontier the
troops were obliged to 'return, owing to"
the Intense cold in the, mountains.
Britain Will Not Send Expedition to
. Thibet's Capital.
HEEDS RUSSIAN PROTESTS.
PARIS, Nov. SO.— A private cable
gram received in Paris to-day from
Buena Ventura states that several
guerrilla parties are already in the field
and that engagements have taken place
in the interior of the isthmus.
In. private letters just received from
the same place it is said that the jails
of Panama are full of political prison
ers who protested against the seces
sion of Panama from Colombia.
It Is stated that the news that pass
ports were refused by Colombia to pas
sengers for Costa. Rica (Puerto Lhnon)
is unfounded. The refusal of such
passports Is from the present Govern
ment of Panama, which fears discon
tented persons may return in arms by
way of the Costa Rican frontier.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
GUERRILLA WARFARE BEGINS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— Germany
has recognized Panama as a sovereign
and independent state.
Several days ago, when the- German
Government inquired of Minister
Bunau-Varilla whether Panama would
carry out the treaty stipulations of the
existing conventions between Germany
and Colombia, the Minister replied that
his Government readily assumed these
obligations so far as they affected the
territory over which the republic of
Panama exercised sovereignty, but
that the Panama Government must
necessarily exempt from this pledge
the canal -strip, over which the Hay-
Bunau-Varilla treaty grants sovereign
rights, powers and authority to the
United States. The German Govern
ment readily assented to this exemp
tion, thus signifying her approval of
this provision of the new canal treaty.
Formal Notification Is Given the Re
public of Panama.
RECOGNITION BY GERMANY.
We sell gas ranges and instanta
neous water heaters. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
MAYOR WILL LEAD GRAITD
MARCH AT EAGLES'/bALL
The fourth annual grand bal| of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal
Order of Eagles, will.be held at l^atlve
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, to-morrow
evening.
The ball is to be attended by many
noted personages and is expected to ex
cel anything given in the past. The
grand march will be led by Mayor E.
E. Schmitz.
The following are the committees in
charge of the affair: Executive— Frank
D. Mull in, chairman; Frank Dunn,
Daniel E. Anglum, John C. O'Connor,
Jerome Bassity, Louis Fontanel,
George L. Sharp, Robert Rusch, D. J.
Cramer, H. I. Mulcrevy and Harry D.
Pohlmann, secretary. Floor — Louis
Fontanel, manager; E. E. Schmitz, J.
J. Van Nostrand, _H. R. Chadbourne,
Footpad Presents Revolver at Miss
Tillie 0 swell, but Runs When
Escort Appears.
To look into the muzzle of an ugly
looking revolver in the hands of a deter
mined thug, intent upon robbery, and
then have the fellow humbly apologize,
claiming that he had made a mistake,
was the unusual experience of Miss Tillie
Oswell, a danseuse, employed at the Star
Theater, Sll Kearny street- The affair
took place at the corner of Montgomery
avenue and Jackson street, Saturday
'night, about 8 o'clock, and it was only
the timely arrival of the young woman's
escort, who had stopped for a moment
to speak to a friend, that prevented the
crook from securing a purse containing
several dollars.
Miss Oswell in discussing the affair said
she was on her way to the theater ia com
pany with Will Fisher, an officer of Com
'pariy A, Tenth Infantry, U. S. A., and as
they were crossing Montgomery avenue
her escort halted to converse with a sol
dier. She walked on and was startled by
an evil-looking man who stepped out
from the shadow of a building, covered
her with a revolver and ordered her to
throw up her hands. At this Juncture
Fisher approached and fha highwayman
returned the gun to his pocket. Then
gallantly lifting hU hat he beggred her
pardon and disappeared in the darkness.
J. R. Daniels, W. C. Kramer, J. S.
Parry, *L. J. Mesple, A. Rosencrantr,
Henry Kuhls, R. D. Barton and Dr. E-
Bunnell.
here.' I did not know but that he
might have another revolver with^
him."
Mrs. Coit then told of the arrival of
Drs. Shiels, Whitney and Ma'rtln and
the removal of Major McClung from
the scene of the tragedy.
Mrs. Coit was then asked if she
knew of the motive that brought Gar
nett to her apartments, last Wednes
day.
"I can only surmise," she replied.
"From his manner I feel that he came
there prepared to do me harm. He
was crazy. He has acted very strange
ly for the last three months since my
return from Europe. He was very mo
rose and ugly."
WAS NOT BUSINESS AQENT.
. Mrs. Colt was then asked if Garnett
was her business agent, and she stated
that he was not. She explained that
he attended, to some little details of
business for her and that he had se
cured the lease of the Brooklyn Hotel,
which is Mrs. Colt's property. She ex
plained that a stipulation of the lease
was that Garnett should receive his
lodging and board at the hotel.
.Mrs. Coit further stated, that Gar
nett was not Daid any salary by her.
She said that while she was in Europe
she had instructed her bankers to al
low Garnett $5 a month to cover the
cost of postage on business letters to
her pr for cables in case It was neces
sary to telegraph her.
Coroner Leland then asked Mrs. Colt
if she knew of any reason why Garnett
should have tried to harm her.
"The only thing I can surmise," she
answered, , "is that Garnett fancied I
would give orders that he should not
be allowed to live at the. Brooklyn Ho
tel. We were playing bridge whist
some days before the shooting and he
insulted and swore at m§ over the
game. I told him to leave my rooms
and not to call on me again. He wrote
me some letters apologizing for his con
duct, but I did not answer them. Mr.
Bradley, my attorney, and Major Mc-
Clung knew of this, and they both ask
ed me to forgive Garnett and be friend
ly with him again.
"Major McClung told me that he had
met, Garnett on the street and that
Garnett had said to him: that he was
going away, as he had lost everything.
I suppose, that Garnett thought that
on account of his conduct to me I
would say something to the Brooklyn
Hotel people to cause them to ask him
to leave the hotel, but I never dreamed
of doing so. That Is the only thing I
can think of that, would cause Garnett
to try to harm me."
GARNETT ALWAYS FRIENDLY.
District Attorney Byington then
asked Mrs. Coit ] If she had ever seen
Garnett display or carry a pistol before
and she answered:
: ; "I only saw him with a revolver when
he was up on my ranch this summer
and he then had my revolver. I knew,
however, that he owned a pistol."
District Attorney Byington— Did Gar
nett ever threaten you?
Mrs. Coit- No, he did not.
District Attorney Byington— Did Gar
nett ever intimate a threat : toward
you?
"¦- Mrs. -.'Colt— No, he was always very
friendly to me. ~
. Coroner Leland— After the conduct of
Garnett that led you to refuse : to re
ceive him .at your . rooms, did Major
McClung attend to any business for
you . that Garnett fprmerly looked
after?
% Mrs. Colt— Na -Major McClung ; r 'did
not attend' to any-business for me. \
.Coroner Leland— Is . there anything
else you can think of that can'throw
light on r this. matter? : . • '
Airs. Coitr-No, I cannot think of any
thing. '" I have done my best to tell you
all- 1, can remember of this terrible af
fair. It -was awful. Garnett is crazy.
He was very friendly toward Major
McClung and had no reason whatever,
to harm him. He would have done' the
same to you or any one else that rright
have, been , in my rooms "last Wednes
day. -'Major McClung acted! like a
brave man arid this has been an awful
shock to 1 me. " .' '•¦
Coroner' Leland and District' Attorney
Byington. then^ witnessed: the signature
"of. Mrs*. Coit to the , shorthand notes of
tier deposition; and the hearing; of the
evidence concluded. ¦
; Alexander Garnett will ¦ be arraigned
before Police Judge Fritz this morning
to • answer th e charge of having mur
dered ' Major. McClung. .:'{ "-' - '
• Thel'wiclow ;of ; Major McClung, hav
ing refused to swear, to the complaint
charging Garnett with the murder of
tier husband , Detective T. L. Ryan
"swore to the charge of murder, yester
day. 1 ';.;¦¦; •-'¦'¦'. •.- . .;
-.The inquest . on the .body of Major
McClunjj will' be held. 1 this morning, at
APOLOGIZES TO WOMAN *
HE I1TTENDED TO ROB
sends the folowing:
"Viceroy Alexieff, addressing 3 his
staff, said that if Russia had three
docks at Port Arthur and two at Dalny
she would not hesitate to fight Japan,
but as things stood it would be impos
sible to annihilate a fleet in the first
engagement, while a second encounter
would mean certain defeat, if "not, the
annihilation of the Russian fleet. For
this reason, the Viceroy said, war with
Japan would not be advisable."
The Asahi's correspondent adds that
many of the principal warships of
Russia are badly in need of repairs,
whLch cannot be accomplished in the
present unsettled condition of affairs.
Consequently, Viceroy Alexieff said,
he was strongly in favor of peace.
The Times' Peking correspondent
says that small bodies of Russian
troqps are patrolling the country
around Hsinmlntuh, the termination
of a branch line of the railway between
the great wall and Newchwang, on the
pretext of suppressing brigands, al
though the region is perfectly quiet and
peaceful. Hsinmintun Is only one day's
ride from Moukden. . The Chinese are
daily expecting, to hear that the Rus
sians have occupied the railroad there
and have resumed military occupation
of the country down to the great wall
TIENTSIN, Nov. 30.— There appears
to be an understanding between Great
Britain and China to hold Thibet
against Russia, should occasion arise.
LONDON. Nov. 30.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent says he has information
that Russian troops are being trans
ported-to Northern, Manchuria through
Tashikiang, in the direction 'of Port
Arthur, at the rate of 400 daily. Gen
eral Ma, the correspondent says, has
been instructed by the Chinese Gov
ernment to raise twenty battalions for
distribution in Mongolia and Man
churia, for the purpose of defense
against Russia. General- Ma declares
that, in the event of war, he will join
his forces' with those of 'the Japanese
army.
A dispatch from Tokio to the Daily
Mail says that the Port Arthur cor
respondent of the Asahi, one of the best
informed of the Japanese newspapers,
10 o'clock by Coroner Leland. The dep
osition of Mra. Coit will be read to the
jury and the police have summoned a
number of witnesses to testify, includ
ing the doctors that attended Major
McClung. before his death, some of the
servants of tho Palace Hotel and At
torney Bradley, who was assisting
Garnett to prepare a statement for his
defense when the slayer of McClung
was arrested In Oakland.
General Ma Ordered to
Recruit Twenty
Battalions.
fairs. On the contrary, it is expected.
An American traveling salesman who
spent the last month in. Cartagena has
arrived here. He reports that Carta
gena is quiet, with • the exception of
an occasional outbreak of popular ex
citement against the United States; but
nothing serious has occurred there.
The American Consul at that place has
not been molested. There are only two
or three Americans in Cartagena and
they are all long time residents, well
known and liked. There is no fear of
them being interfered with. The trav
eler confirms the press dispatch regard
ing the attempt of the American Con
sul at Cartagena to board the Trent
and the interference of the police.
The Colombian gunboats Cartagena,
General Pir.zon and Presldente Marro
quin are at Cartagena.
CHINA IS RAISING
ARMY OF DEFENSE
COLOMBIANS WANT LIFE OF BEAUPRE
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
that "caused us to advance from the
middle of the room toward him.
Coroner Leland— Did • Garnett make
any threat to you at that time? .
Mrs. Coit— No, he did not; he did not
speak at all, but hie had a terrible look
on his face and in his eyes.
Coroner- Leland— What took place
when Major McClung- and yourself ad
vanced, toward Garnett? i?-l%
Mrs. Colt— The first thjng I saw was
that; Garnett was undoing his vest. I
wondered what he was doing and then
he pulled a revolver from inside his
vest and held it high above his head.
Coroner Leland— Had Major McClung
made any threat toward Garnett or
laid his hands on him up to the time
Garnett pulled the revolver?
Mrs. Coit— He certainly had not. As
soon as Garnett displayed the revolver
Major McClung took hold of him. The
major had one hand on Garnett's chest
and clutched Garnett's arm that was
in the air holding tha pistol. Major
McClung said to Garnett, "For God's
sake. Alec, what are you doing? "^Don't
act like a crazy man; gfve me that pis
tol." They struggled from the doorway
toward the little table standing against
the wall about six feet away. I was
on the left of the two men near the
wall. I said to Gamut, "What are you
doing— are you crazy? For God's sake
put away that pistol." Then L Major
McClung said to Garnett, "Look out,
you will knock over that little table,"
and Garnett replied, "Damn the table."
The table was knocked over in the
struggle and then I saw Garnett's hand
that held the pistol in the air come
down and then" I heard' a shot fired. | I
cannot say whether Garnett released
the arm that Major McClung held or if
the major became tired and could not
hold the arm with the pistol any longer.
CI/INGS TO THE PISTOL.
Coroner Leland— What took place
immediately after the shooting?
Mrs. Coit— The major reeled toward the
windows and rested against the chair
and said, "Madam, I am shot." Garnett
came toward me with the pistol in his
hand. His hand was shaking, but he
held the pistol toward me. I said to
him: "The major is shot, and I don't
care now if you kill me." Garnett did
? not answer me, but he dropped his
hand with the pistol, but still kept hold
of the weapon. I turned toward Major
McClung as he reeled into a rocking
chair and he said, "For God's sake, get
a doctor. I am feeling badly; I am
wounded here," as he pointed to his
breast. I assisted Major McClung to
his feet and started to help him to the
end door of the room, but Garnett got
between us and locked the door. <5ar
nett never spoke a word to us. I got
Major McClung back to the' rocking
chair and he undid his vest and I saw
blood on his shirt. I said to Garnett,
"Get a doctor; the major is shot," but
he did not answer me. I went to the
middle door where the telephone is,
but • Garnett followed me in there, and
threw me aside and forced me out of
the little room. I shut the door and
tried to hold him in there, but I was
not strong . enough, to do so, and he
came .out into .this room. I ' again
begged Garnett to get a doctor and he
opened the door leading into the hall-,
way. I rushed by him and got 'out -into
the corridor and balled to a bellboy, who
was some* distance away, to get ja doc
tor. One' of the maids, named* Nora,
had called at .the door and knocked at
it when Garnett opened the "door.' I
told her to go for a doctor also.: .While
I was sitting on the lounge in the cor
ridor near my rooms Garnett came up
to me. t He still had the pistol ' in ' his
.hand.-.-' '¦:¦" , . ' ¦ ;v \ 7 ¦., .. .
GABNETT RETURNS TO ROOM.
' Coroner 'Leland — What did he say to
you? §
Mrs. Coit— He said, "I have shot
McClung," or "McClung is shot." I
don't remember which* expression" he
used. ¦ Then he : said, "I will spare "your
life," and tie threw the pistol . on the
ground at . my feet. . I picked up the
pistol and Garnett went away and I re
turned to my rooms where Major Mc-
Clung ; was.
,.' Mrs. Coit then detailed how the maid
Nora" had gone for .-, two pillows \i and
helped her to place Major McClung ;on
the sofa '« andl gave the wounded . man
eome whisky to revive him. . ; She i also
told of the -arrival - of Mrs: Whitney,
wife of Dr. Whitney,' who s resides > in
the Palace Hotel. , - ? ¦
'(WhHe'iwe , were ; helping Major-; Me-.
Clung," continued Mrs. Coit, "some
one. said, /Hero. he is again.', and. Gar
nett 'appeared in the * door. ' He said tie
wanted his ¦overcoat, and. I \ said, ;. IGiye
him" his-coat; and' get ; him.; away -from
THE SAN ; FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY,; DECEMBER 'I, 1905.
TELLS: THE STORY
OE THE SHOOTING
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— Sir Mortimer Du
rand, the new British Embassador, arrived In
Washington - this afternoon. He was met at
th« etatlon by the entire embassy staff.
SONOMA, Nov. 30.— Fred Goess, pro-*
prietor of the Golden West Hotel, shot
his wife in the head to-night and then
killed himself.
Shortly after 6 o'clock Goess quar
reled with his wife, and as a result
drew a revolver, firing a shot which
took effect behind her left ear. Mr3.
Goess fell to the floor and her hus
band, thinking she was dead, turned
the six-shooter on himself. He .died
instantly.
"The Goesses had been married about
a year, and temporary Insanity is
thought to have been the immediate
cause of the. tragedy. Mrs. Goess,
whose maiden name was Kopf, and
whose parents, Mr. and : Mrs. Benjamin
Kopf, reside in San Francisco, is prob
ably fatally injured. Goess was 22
years of age and was well thought of
here,' where he was born.
VALrLfEJO, Nov. ¦ 30.— Telegraphic or
ders were received; at the navy yard
this morninir to prepare three months'
supplies for the Various departments
of each ship of the squadron of the
Asiatic station, which is expected to
arrive at Honolulu shortly. The tele
gram states that -requisitions will ar
rive here on December 12 and that the
transport Solace is to.be held here until
the stores can be prepared and placed
aboard her for shipment.
| The supplies, will comprise "those for
the departments of .ordnance, construc
tion and repairs, 1 supplies and accounts,
equipment and steam engineering for
the battleships Kentucky, Oregon and'
"Wisconsin and | the cruisers New Or
leans, Albany, Cincinnati and Raleigh.
Vessels on the Asiatic Statoih
Are Soon to Reach*-,
• Hawaii. • . .'.***
Temporary Insanity Is Said
to Have Occasioned
the Crime.
Husband of, a San Fran
cisco W N oman Causes
a Tragedy. .
3
pb. khmeb^^ swa^ -root.
ARE YODB KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never
Suspect It* '
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every ReaderofThe Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary *«SSS355Erv
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the gilp^?^
kidneys, but now modern science proves that ™Hp5|^
nearly all diseases have their beginning in
the disorder of these most important organs. OT#I
. lh . e kidneys filter and purify the blood— fP^^pl
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or Nslfiif*'
out of order, -you can understand how quick- ilPiiii *
Jy your entire body is affected, and how ev- , k
cry organ seems to fail to do its duty.
it you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking
p gr l at kidnc >' remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Koot, because as soon as your kidneys are /^ : f^rTO^^I^ttrr^^S
wel they will help all the other organs to rf|][fflH|^BifflgijfHHB
nealth. A trial will convince any one. fom|P''* a ™"ffrTP*^* 8 ffi^|H'' |
qnent desira to urinata, but after nata* Dr. KU- 0WAMD PAAT i«
ftS? P " Bo - otl *L lua entlrel y cured »nd chfer- WM M MUl'RWJL WM
"uiy recommend this wonderful remedy to any HIkI :... ,. .".u**^. Ural
Mo^ 7 * UJrer frOm theie commoa complaint!. WM K!da3X,LlT»&ttad(Jar K|
W. C. BAILT, 2d ileut. of Police. Hii BtaacnoJO, • WmI
Colnmbu, O*. m| «>riu<oiu,t«rMr*m m
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible MM 'ZTSZZ&ZS'** I |
tn r r^n? y ' u f di J ea . scs ' a ?l {i t Permitte-1 MM I ll
to continue much suffering with fatal results fy|*ll J<»«»»«<u»o»-»to'<iu**» IE|
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates §|£| UTtMrtJ". "" *** I 9
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless sleep- iSs$a n^ LJT^tj . m .•• Pj^l
less and irritable. Makes you pass water often PHra kUi<;^>M<M« •«* Urv B Wi
during the day and obliges you to get up Wm u^L'\^ 7^ZtZ B B
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- mM rtl^ta^S£S« p< S5 11
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the WMi fcrkf»DtiM»,wKkfctoi*» hHH
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints |fl W§
and muscles; makes your head ache and back mM ".^...o.^w g£^
ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver Mi V *:*?P£*. * 5?*» i^
trouble you get a sallow yellow complex- |j§| so'ubyaU^Slk Hi
ion, makes you feel as though you had heart i||i| ' 1 R
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but H
no strength; get weal: and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's i
Swamp-Roo.t, the world-famous kidney remc-
dy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford* natural
help to ' Nature, for Swamp-Root is the most "-TT-^^a—nmLiitia^^^M^mw
perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys (Swamp-Root is pleasant to take.)
that is known to medical science.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to if you are already con-
your condition, take from your urine on ris- . • / t . . c © * -.
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or vir :ed that Sxvamp-Root is
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If what you need, you can pur-
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there chase the regular fifty-cent
is a bm-ck-dust. settling or if small particles and one-dollar size bottles
T m^^ &** &** «TTO
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used where. Don't make any mi3-
in the leading hospitals, recommended by take, but remember the
Physicians in their private practice, and -is name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- . c r» ,. A *u
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the raer s Swamp-Root, and the
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- address Bmghamton, N. Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE— You may have a sample bottle of this wonder-
ful remedy, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely free by mail, also a book telling
all about Swamp-Root and containing man}- of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women who owe their
good health, in fact their very lives, to the great curative properties of
Swamp- Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure
to say you read this generous offer in The San Francisco Daily Call.
/ ADVEBTISEMENTS. . .-___ ¦____.. . . : ¦¦'•,.'.¦¦• ;./__
s-SfeiS To sweeten, Dispels colds fliid 1
Jfcri-.'ifi5^. .-<!$! To cleanse the \ bilious or con- \
• r % system, JS stipated; 1
I i-S^H X Effectually I For men, women 1
% iWp>iI(/ r ) aIM * GentJy; \ and children^ I
Vm KSfflfy There is only \ .Acts best,: oh • /
if JjltllR one Genuine M the kidneys I
Syrwpof Figs; 1 and Hv;er' I
i^l^^li; to get its bene-- J stomach and •]
Pt v ( ficial effects bowels; I
W^0^. Wm$?: \ " Always buy the gamine— Manufactured by the j
tei Lb^viQc, Ity Sw\ Francisco, C&l. /fcw^ri^x 1
I 'i'L The genuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The /
4^V l full name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always a
P printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle. y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j] "TASTE IS THE |
[I FEMININE OF |
g?SEBB GENIUS"OBSnB
j SILVER, JEWELRY, §
[] CUT-GLASS, I
[j OBJECTS OF ART, |
!] HAVE ARTISTIC I
j] M E R I T I
liasi WHEN FROM and
SHREVE & CO
POST &. MARKET jjj
STREETS ll
I OPEN EVENINGS |
DEC. 12th TO 24th |
PERFECT
TJsed by people of refinement
lot over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
Schilling's Best is * the nicest
trade there is. There are no
answers with money.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Special BJ2 Heats
Are the same in material, workmanship and style as the hats of
famous makers, for which exclusive dealej-s have agencies.
These hats, containing the makers' names, cost you $4.00 or $5.00.
• You pay $3.00 for the hat and $2.00 for the maker's name. Really the
label, isn't worth it.
"If you want a hat for the wear you can get out of it and are
' not particular for some well-known maker's label, you will find our
$3.00 hats perfectly satisfactory. Every one is guaranteed— a new one
free if the first hat doesn't wear well. \. . .
They come in stiff and soft shapes in all the popular colors.
Out-of-Town Orders Filled— Write Us.
740 Market Streetmeda County,' and: as. both are .astute
politicians with a decided following, the
warfare\is becoming 'interesting. L ;. •
The t Supervisors have fixed ! Wednes
day next for the day when they'; will
personally 'make ; a ... final test of 'the
rival ballot machines and it is, probable
the award of the contract will be made
on Monday next. .
Noted Specialist to Treat Emperor.
PARIS, Nov. 30.— The. report Is cur
rent here that Dr. Albert Robin, the
distinguished French specialist, ... has
been called to Potsdam for consultation
with the physicians in'attendance upon
Emperor William. ' ¦ . \ •¦
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— The following
marriage licenses were' Issued. by the"
County Clerk to-day: Wallace B.
Shank, 46, and Olive Wyatt, 32, both of
San Francisco; Frank: Bettencourt, 21,
San ' Francisco, and May Wilson, 23,
San .Rafael; Ernest F. Guldher,-25,
Oakland/and Edna E. Morrillo," 20,
Haywards; John R. Stevenson,. 26, and
Alvena Sohunhoff/ 26, both of San
Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
The board of lady managers is x as
sured that the public will respond most
generously and a large line of pur
chasers Is expected to-day.
The Bale of reserved seats for the
monster benefit performance in aid of
the free ward of the California
Woman's Hospital, to take place at the
Alhambra next Friday after
noon; will r begin , at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock. •
The programme ! will be continuous
and among tHe volunteers are Camille
d'Aryllle, . the eminent prihm • donna;
Wenzel *Kopta, the Bohemian violin
virtuoso; Belle' and Lotta Tobln, re
fined musical experts; Searl and Violet
Allen, in their odd conceit, "The Rent
Collector"; Joe Newman, the Denver
song writer; Bryant -" and Saville,
musical . comedians; " Hal Godfrey and
his company from the^ Orpheum, and
other well-known artists. E. M. Ros
ner and his Hungarian orchestra will
furnish the music.
- — — — _ .
Sale of Seats for Splendid Perform
ance at Alhambra Will Open.
This Morning.
MONSTEB BENEFIT FOB
WOMAN'S HOSPITAL
soon . as mounted, saying "as without
an adequate supply of ammunition it
is needless to say that the armament
of the coast defense, is useless."
An ample allowance of ammunition
for annual target practice and the con
tinuance.of the present allowance for
sub-caliber and machine gun practice
is recommended. Further it is recom
mended.tl.at all target practice, except
sub-caliber, should- be "with' full service
charges. of smokeless powder, it being
stated that the present allowance of
ammunition has not been sufficient to
test the guns thoroughly after their
installation. The board renews ita rec
ommendation that provision be made
for carrying out each year a system
of i>ractlcal drill , and target practice
with heavy guns under conditions ap
proximating those of actual service.
The report says three ranges should be
provided— one for the North Atlantic,
one for. the.. South Atlantic > and Gulf
and one for the Pacific Coast. Finally
the board says not less than $2,000,000
should be appropriated annually for the
next several y€ars for the installation
of a proper fire control system at each
coast artillery fort, the board stating
that it is not. aware of any object for
which sum can be expended more ef
fectively or from which greater benefit
will be derived. HR3&B
SAX BERNARDINO. Nov. 30. — Two Mexi
cans were rum over at Verdernont, tho Santa FV
station • In Cajon Fass. One was instantly
killed and the other died later in the hospital
LONPON. Nov. SO.— Sir Frederick Joseph
Bramwell, former president of the Institution
of Civil Engineer*, died here to-day, aged 85
years.
-SAN RAFAEL, Nov. SO.— Sausallto Cove, for
the oast several months, has been th* ren
dezvous for a large number of wheat shlpa.
At the present time Richardsons Bay. extend
ing north between Sausalito and Belvedere. th«
place when out of - commission, ships find safa
anchorage, contains more whips than evei
before known htre. Seventeen vessels ars
riding at anchor, waiting for cargoes. • .;;
-The sum of $100,000 : is estimated as
the amount needed to carry on the
work of the board during th© next fiscal
year. The board renews former recom
mendations - that appropriations by
Congress should be sufficient to pro
vide a reserve supply of. ammunition
of at least 100 rounds for each large
caliber gun and mortar, and at least
250 rounds for each rapid fire gun as
WASHINGTON, Nov. SO.— The Board
ot Ordnance and Fortifications says
<h«t th©. results of. tests made with the
3-inch rapid flre gun recommended by
the board for adoption for the army
"show that when equipped with these
guns and carriages the field artillery
of our army will have a weapon equal
if not superior to that of any nation."
Relative to the tests conducted in
Pensacola harbor the report says they
have resulted in the adoption of a sys
tem of fire control and direction for
coast artillery "which, when Installed
with such modifications as experience
may suggest, as a part of the coast
defense will render it more than ever
effective." .
Ordnance Board Favors
Adoption of Rapid '
Fire Weapon.
Having been balked at every, turn by
the more speedy and j effective move
ments of the missing man, the police
find solace In the perusal' of the much
delayed official notice Hodgkins has is
sued for the guidance of peace, officers
throughout the country. That circular
makes a special reference to; Kiniry as
an expert porch-climbing, burglar. Kin-,
lry, by the way, has traveled during his
recent stay in these parts under va
rious names. . '...
Chief Hodgkins officially declares
that David Kiniry is the ; man , he. is
looking for. .In San Francisco Joseph
McKinlry appears to have been the fu
gitlye's name, but he looms up a , third
time as David Kanary and also as Da
vid Kinnlry. Small matters these, but
important to the work of '-. trailing the
man.
At police headquarters the hopeless
attitude of the Chief of Police has been
reflected in the detectives and. the nu
merous, patrolmen who "" have labored
hard, even If handicapped, to land their
man. The detectives feel . that the
chance of locating and capturing the
object of search has- become,, to say the
least, very re .iote. "They have conclud
ed ._. vat Kiniry made -for the State
boundary • lines, but in "what: direction
they have been unable to determine. ;
The "subordinate members of the. Po-'
lice Department feel keenly the ; ap
parent 'utter hopelessness of the case.
As individuals they have ; done all • pos
sible to uncover facts. that I. would be' of
assistance. iBut, as_»ln. the : efforts > of
the upper, office men,' the work has been
futile. If ~ Kiniry^ be captured they"
feel • that . it will be a matter of good
fortune. Wffiffi
This day, "\ according ? to Chief Hodg
kins, has developed? nothing. v "Not) a !
new, detail ' has been .uncovered?' that
would cbe J of: value ; at- this ¦ late , hour.-
BELATED DESCRIPTION.
A portion ; of the belated descriptive
SOLACE FOB POLICE.
It was within the range of^ most or
dinary commonplace police" business
that this place should be most carefully
watched. The first opportunity to cap
ture Kiniry in Oakland had been ir
retrievably lost. To guard with utmost
vigilance the .Oak-street residence was
the move that might have ended this
search had it been made by proper de
tective methods. On Saturday even
ing two. men called at the Thompson
residence and requested that mall for
Kiniry and Goldstein be turned over to
them. Here was a connecting link that
seemed so strong to Attorney Thomp
son that he said he almost cried from
vexation because there were no detec
tives nor policemen at hand.
"So strongly did I feel about this
failure to get these men," said Thomp
son, .-"that I was tempted to follow
them and try to turn them over, to a
policeman. But I recalled the des
perate nature of the affair in Oakland,
where two men went to their death,
and I desisted. If the police of Oak
land had arranged to have my, house
properly guarded I believe the arrest
of these strangers would have ..led to
the capture of Kiniry. These men were
undoubtedly in touch with him. Other
wise, why should they call to inquire
for his mall?"
HAUNT "LEFT UNGUARDED.
Letters galore were found In Gold
stein's elothing.'Vjvhich gave the Police
Department all.-sorts of clews upon
which to trace*' back the men in their
movements about'i'the two,, cities. By
this means and from information given
very soon after; the "shooting .the police
were enabled to locate In W-'J. Thomp
soa's residence,'. 1919 Oak street, San
Francisco,' a former haunt of the two
men. .
y OATCL*ANE>, i Nov. Complete and.
positive failure marks the ' record of
Chief of Po{Ice'st;ciair HodgkinsV halt
ing .campaign/ In ". pursuit ot ; David
Klnlry, the. companion, of Frank J.
Goldstein, - who -is wanted' for -the mur
der of Policeman James H. Smith.
'.. Though three days ; have elapsed since
the -brave- young patrolman gave his
own; life ;in the battle for protection of
the lives an*d : 'property of Oakland's
citizens/ Chief of Police St. Clair Hodg-
kins has; been compelled to admit that
the man* he describes as an expert bur
glar • and porch -climber, this David
Kiniry, has" baffled him at every -turn.
Sltting-at police headquarters, 'the Chief
of Police confesses his helplessness and
resorts," "after seventy-two hours have
passed,; to the time* worn method of the ,
"hue and cry." In this series of delays,
that form a record of extraordinary
failure the issuance' of descriptive cir
culars of the fugitive Kiniry was not
begun until this evening. ~ •-: ¦>¦¦
Tracing Chief, of Police .Hodgkins'
movements from, the moment/ the
murder of. Policeman Smith was reporU
ed to him at 6:30 o'clock Friday even
ing, there appears a remarkable slow
ness. It is a fact that the heSd of the
Oakland Police Department had inform
ation as to the rooming place of Gold
stein and Kiniry in this city within two
hours after, the shooting. Indeed, be
fore .this time had passed 'Ross Stead
man, at" whose home, 1362 Grove street,
the pair resided, had furnished Hodg
kins with that information. But so
slow was the department executive in
getting his orders into shape that Kiniry
had time to go to the house, help him
self to such belongings as he cared to
take with him, write a note to.Gold
stein, of whose . death he had not
learned, in all likelihood, and get away.
There was the "chance to capture this
man, for whom this city and San Fran
cisco were scoured after it was too late.
Oakland's ' Chief 'of Police Forced to
_ Confess Inability to Capture
; " ' Slayer bf Policeman
-','::.}¦-- Smith. V \- ¦" V"-* .>¦>'- r .
Rev. George C. Adams, Marshall Black. Rer.
E. E. Baker.' Rev. J. N. Beard, Rev. H. H.
Bell, Berkeley Student Volunteers, W. M. Bird.
Stuart W. Booth, Rev. Thomas A. Boyer, Rev.
TV. N. Brewster, Rev Charles R. Brown, Rev.
J. TVilbur Chapman, Rev. Ng Poon Chew, Rev.
E. P. Dennett, Rev. E. W. Darst, Dr J. Haley
Durham, Rev. E. R. Dllle, Colonel French,
Rev. J. A. Frawr. Rev. G. K. Gilder, Dr. T.
B. Holmes, W. A. Kline. George P. Lowell,
M|gs Alien McMillin, Rev. C. S. XfsIi, Miss
J. K. Partridge, Rev. C. F. Reid. Rev. A. W.
Rider, J. M. Robinson. Clement P.' Rowlands,
Mlas R. Esther ¦ Smith, Rev. W. J. - Speers,
Alexander Stewart.- Rev. W.*1C. Outhrie. Rev.
George B. Smythe,' Stanford Student Volun
teers, Rev. Mr. Storey, Rev. S. M. Freeland.
Rev. William Thomas, Hiram Van Kirk, Rev.
H. J. ¦Vosburgh, Dr. Sara E. Wise, Rev. B.
W. Work and L. T. Norton. •
Among the most prominent speakers
at the conference will be: Rev. J. Wil
bur Chapman, Rev. Ng Poon Chew,
Rev. Charles R. Brown, Rev. H. H.
Bell, Rev. George C. Adams, Rev. A.
W. Rider, Rev. George B. Smythe, Rev.
E. W. Work, Dr. Sara E. Wise, Rev. W.
C. Sherman, Colonel French and'T. B.
Hutchlnson. '. It is expected that Miss
Alice G. McMillin of San Jose will be
the soloist of the convention.
The participants In the programme
will be:
TOPICS OF DISCUSSION.
,The meetings are to be given over to
the. discussion of topics under the fol
lowing heads: Friday morning, "Mis
sions Based on Scripture Teaching";
Friday afternoon, ' "Missions Based on
the World's Needs"; Friday evening,
"World- wide Evangelization"; Satur
day morning, "Motives and Spiritual
Power"; Saturday afternoon, "Ways
and' Means"; Saturday evening, • "A
New Macedonian Cry; Will You Go
or Send?" Sunday will be given over
to sunrise prayer-meetings in the
homes and churches, followed by, the
regular church services. The confer
ence wi'l close with a meeting at 3
p. m:, with the subject, "The Last
Words of Jesus," which are, "Ye shall
be my witneses unto the uttermost
part of the earth.*' i- ' *
A. M. Sutherland Is at the head of
the committee bf local arrangements,
with subsidiary committees under him
headed by the following named: Local
reception, Mrs! S. A. Rutherford; deco
ration, Desaix McCloskey; registration.
Miss E. Stewart, .ushers, Hadley Clar
rage; halls. Percy Bliss. ' . {*} ;¦;
The general work of the conference
has been divided between a large num
ber of committees in order to make the
division of labor equal." Of these gen
eral committees the one on entertain
ment is the largest and most import
ant. This committee has for its head
E. E. Wood, with Miss Ethel Mayon,
Earl D. White, R. J. Burks, Roy Baker
and Harry Keifer as assistants.
The rest of the work of the meeting
has been divided among the following
committees:
Programme — Rev. Dwight E. Potter. Rev.
M. Slaughter, Rev. Miles B. Fisher, Rev.
Ow*en E. Hotle, \\V M. Bird and Mr. McPar
lane. Prayer circle — Rev. Owen K: Hotle, H.
L. Sorensen. Rev. M. Slaughter. Transporta
tion — George P. Lowell.' Train reception — Mrs.
J. L. Crllley. Press — Earl S. Bingham. . Pul
pit, supply — Rev.- H. 3. Vosburgh. Auditing —
Arthur I* Caldwell. ' Music, special corre
spondence — Rev. Miles B Fisher. . Promotion —
W. M. Bird. F. W. Trower, E. a Bingham.
Mrs. H. L. Kemp. W. H. Waste. Missionary
exhibit— Rev. M. Slaughter.
In addition' to- the' interdenomina
tional feature of the gathering, it will
be one of the largest conventions" ever
held in the West.- -Local plans are.be
ing made for handling 2000 • delegates,
and it is expected that fully this num
ber will' be, present. Arrangements
have been made to entertain those dele
gates who come from any considerable
distance free of charge and many fami
lies of Oakland have volunteered their
homes for this purpose. . '. '.'';/{'-?¦* '~-- : . ¦'.*£
Rev. Dwight E.. Potter, pastor of. the
Union-street Presbyterian Church," is
at the head of the local. executive. com-,
mittee, with Earl S. Bingham as the
secretary. There are many sub-com
mittees, upon whose shoulders have
fallen different branches of the work
of making the arrangements. The work
of these 'committees has been earnest
and hard, but it 'is expected that the
results will Justify the labor expended.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— The Interde
nominational Young People's Mission
ary Conference of the* State will open
at the First Presbyterian Church on
Friday next and' will run through Sat
urday and Sunday. This will be -one
of the most important gatherings of. the
kind ever held, for it aims to; include
all denominations and the local .". arr
rangements are being made by." .the
Christian Endeavor Socieitles,. the/.fipV
worth League Alliance and the Baptist
Young People's Union, these being the
young people's societies of all: of the
evangelical churches of Oakland.
On the validity of a similar statute
affecting private employment, Justice
Harlan said:
Whether a similar statute, applied to laborers
or employes in purely private work would be
constitutional, is a question of very large im
r-TTi which we have no occasion now to de
termine or. even to consider.
If it be contended to be the right o' any
one to dlepoee of his labor on. sucn tenns as
he deems best — as undoubtedly it i> — and that
to make it a criminal offense for a contractor
for public work to permit or require his em
ployes to perform labor upon work in ex
cess of <-.(.-!. t hours each day Is In derogation
o* the liberty of employe* and employers, it
is sufficient answer that no one Is entitled, of
absolute right and as a part of his liberty, to
perform labor for the State, and no contractor
for public work can excuse a violation of his
lawful agreement with the State by doing that
which the statute under which te proceeds
distinctly forbids him to do.
So also if it be eald that a ctatute like
the one before Us is mischievous in its
dencies tfie answer is that the responsibility
therefor fwts upon the legislators, not upon
c->orts- Xo evils arising from such legisla
tion could be more far-reaching th&b those
t!;at mi£ht come to our cystem o;!' government
if the Judiciary, abandoning- the sphere as
f rn'.d to it by the fundamental law, should
enter, the domain of ' legislation and upon
crounds merely of Justice or reason or wis
•4 rr>, annul rtatutps that had received the
¦auction of the people's representative*. We
are reminded by counsel that It is the solemn
duty of the courts In cases' before them to
guard the constitutional rights of the citizens
against merely arbitrary power. That Is un
questionably true But It Is equally true —
indeed the public interests imperatively de
mand — that legislative enactments be recog
nized and enfo«-ced by the courts as embody
ing the will of the people, unless they are
plainly ar.d culpably berond ail question vio
lation of the fundamental law of the constitu
tion. It cannot be affirmed by tho statute of
Kansas that it is plainly Inconsistent with
that instrument, indeed its constitutionality is
beyond all' queston.
STATE IS RESPONSIBLE-
Taking up the question of public pol
icy. Justice Harlan said:
The Kansas law whose validity was
called into Question in the suit was en
acted in 1891 and provided that eight
hours should constitute a day's work
for workmen employed by or on be
half of the State, or by any county or
city or other municipality in the State.
It also prohibits contractors from re
quiring laborers engaged on work for
the State to perform more than eight
hours' labor In a day. Both fine and
Imprisonment are provided for viola
tion of the law. The case decided to
day was that of W. W. Atkins vs.
the State of Kansas. Atkins had a
contract with the corporation of Kan
sas City, Kans., for paving, and he
was charged with requiring a workman
named Reese to labor ten hours a day.
He was prosecuted in the State courts,
where the decisions were uniformly
against him. Atkins appealed from the
decision of the State Supreme Court to
the Federal Supreme Court, alleging
that the statute is in violation of the
first f;fct!on of the fourteenth amend
ment to the constitution, in that It de
nied to him protection of the law and
deprived him of his property without
ttue proceFS.
(JUSTICE HARLAJTS OPINION.
Referring to the only other decision
of the court on the eight-hour question,
that of Holden vs. Hardy, in which the
court sustained the law of Utah, fix
ing an eight-hour day for miners em
ployed underground. Justice Harlan
called attenti6n td the fact that while
In the Utah case private interests were
Involved, the present case involves em
ployment on public work only; The
opinion vras based on the -theory, that
the municipalities of the State are
creations cf the -State; that work for
them is of a public character and does
not infringe on the personal liberty of
any one. He then added:
Whatever may have b-»en the motives that
controll«»d th* enactment cf th«- statute la ques
tion we can imagine no possible jrround to dis
pute the power of the Stale to df-clare that no
one undertaklDjf work for It or lor "one ol
»8 municipal ae:enc!<*g shall permit cf require
any employe en * uch work tr> labor in escess
of eight hours «»&ch day, ana to Inflict punish
ment uixm contractors who disregard such a,
regulation. It cannot be deemed a part of
the liberty of the contractor that he be al
lowed to do public work in any mode he may
choose to adopt, without regard to the wlgh.es
of the istate. On the contrary it belongs to
the Stale, a« the guardian and trusle« for its
people, to pr*>*cribe the conditions upon which
it wili jiermlt public work to be done. No
court Las authority to review its ¦ action in
that. respect. Regulation* on this subject eug
g*tt only considerations of public policy and
with «>uch considerations the courts have no
concern.
WASHINGTON, Nov. SO.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day affirmed
the constitutionality of the eight-hour
law of the State of Kansas, regulating
labor on public works. Justice Harlarf
Bald in handing down the opinion that
if the statute were mischievous the.re
sponsibility rested with the Legislature
and not the courts. Chief Justice
Fuller and Justices Brewer and Peck
ham dissented.
This Is the story that Jordan himself
tells, and he has told it more than once
around Oakland since the battle of the
ballot machines began. At any rate,
Jordan still represents the United
States Standard ballot .machine.
In addition to this Btory.- Jordan told
another In which Governor. Pardee fig
ured to the Board of Supervisors. 'This
Is the way Jordan told it to the Ala
meda Supervisors:
"Governor Pardee * : asked . me to show
him how a straight ballot was voted
on my machine, and I showed him, Just
as I am showing you gentlemen. As I
voted a straight ballot for. his benefit
the. Governor remarked, 'Frank, that
is the first time you ever ' voted a
straight ballot In your life.' ' I looked
at him and replied, 'Governor, there are
others,* and the subject was dropped
right there."
But the little ruffle in State affairs is
a mere ripple* to -what, Is going* on in
Alameda : County., Political '[ features
are being traded in every direction for
votes for the ballot machines, deals are
being made, first on one side and then
on the other, and. as the .two.' machine
promoters : are both residents : of Ala-
Governor Pardee had a legal, moral
and political right to take the hand
that he did. He had a legal right be
cause the law that authorized ballot
machines In California made him ex
offido a member of the commission that
was to Daes upon the ballot machines
that were to bo submitted to the boards
of Supervisors for selection. He had
a moral right as the head of the State
government and he had a political
right as the head of his party and the
head of the Republican administration,
to which party both of the rival ma
chine promoters belonged.
So Governor Pardee sent for Jordan.
Mr. Jordan was sent for In several ca
pacities. In the first place Governor
Pardee and Frank C. Jordan, then
County Clerk of Alameda County, used
to "do politics" together in Oakland.
In the second place Jordan, is a mem
ber of the Republican administration
of the State of California, of which
Governor Pardee is the head. In the
third place Governor Pardee is a mem
ber of the ballot machine commission
and Jordan is a ballot machine pro
moter. So in all of these capacities Jor
dan called upon the Governor. • The
Governor and the clerk of the Supreme
Court looked at each other.
"Frank." said the Governor, "do you
think It looks Just right for a -member
of the State administration to be trying
to sell. ballot machines to counties in
the State?" ' i:
'. "Doc," replied the Clerk of -the Su
preme Court, who knew the Governor
lu fhe days of his medical practice,' "it
is a great deal better that I should die
with a wad than without any. There
is a little matter between us, and there
can never be a settlement unless I
make that wafi."
HIS FIRST STRAIGHT VOTE.
GOVERNOR INTERFERES.
It was just about this time that Gov
ernor George C. Pardee took a hand in
affairs.
Whatever the fact may be, Jordan
next made his appearance as the rep
resentative of the United States Stand
ard machine and State Senator Frank
W. Leavitt appeared as the manager
of the Columbia machine, and it be
came State official against t State offi
cial In the contest to see 'which one
could place the greatest number of bal
lot machines In the control of the va
rious county Supervisors.^--".,
The stockholders of the Columbia
Ballot Machine Company say that Jor
dan Injured their sample machine so
that it would not work and then aban
doned them for the rival concern. Jor
dan retaliates by saying that he dis
covered that the Columbia machine
would not work and he abandoned it
of his own free will.
During the session of the Supervis
ors of the State the Columbia ballot
machine failed to work and Jor
dan abandoned its management and
became the manager of the United
States Standard ballot m'achine.
Frank Jordan took this machine to
the convention of Supervisors that was
held at Martinez a very few months
ago, and he was there booked to read
an address upon "Voting Machines."
Then came the first hitch. There
were two hitches, in fact. One was
with the Columbia ballot machine and
the other was with F. C. Jordan.
MACHINE FAILS TO WORK.
The trouble began when Frank C.
Jordan, Clerk of the Supreme Court,
was chosen manager for the Columbia
Ballot Machine Company of Indiana
polis, Ind. While this company has its
headquarters in the Hjosier city, it is
really, an Oakland concern. This is
the famous "Christensen machine" that
figured before a session of the State
Legislature several years agd. It is
backed, largely, by George W. Reed
and Emil Nusbaumer of Oakland with
various and sundry stockholders scat
tered from Oakland to the East.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 30.
.-The battle of the ballot machines,
now in progress In Alameda County,
is of more than local interest and be
fore it is finished it bids fair to in
volve personages of local. State and
even national consequence. Not only
is the local political atmosphere thor
oughly charged with the ballot ma
chine electricity, but the galvanism has
reached even to the Capital at Sacra
mento.
The contest before the local Super
visors has been one for a big contract
that Involved the expenditure of a
great deal of money, and this contract
has threatened to disrupt party and
faction in Alameda County. State of
ficial is arrayed against State official.
Political factions are being brought
into conflict over the question of which
machine shall be chosen, positions,
nominations and political influence are
being traded and bartered, while po
litical futures are being wrecked and
m.ade.
THREE-INCH GUN
IN HIGH ESTEEM
The premises in which the fire started
is a rookery occupied by Louis
Cereghino; his mother, Mrs. Jennie
Cereghino, two brothers and two sis
ters. .The latter are 14 and 10 years of
age and the boys are 18 and 4 years old.
Cereghino is engaged in the manufac
ture of shoe blacking, and the flames
started around a range of which the
material containing much combustible
matter is boiled. SSfP
The mother and the three younger
children were In a room on the second
floor when the flre broke out, cutting
off their escape from the street. They
rushed to a door that opens Into a small
court in the rear and from which a
stairway runs down to the 'first floor.
The blaze was then coming out of the
lower windows and the shaft was filled
with smoke and heat. The womanv
with the baby in her arms, and the two
girls clinging to her, shouted for help,
and neighbors rushed from adjoining
houses to her assistance. As they were
half carried down the burning stairway
their hair and hands were badly- burned.
Louis was in the street when the flre
started and, not realizing the -peril of
those inside, first rushed to Kearny
and Pacific streets to turn in an'alarm.
When he returned some one told .him
that his baby brother had not yet been
taken out and he rushed blindly into
the burning structure to save him.
When Cereghino entered the front
room, the floor, eaten by the flre, gave
way under his feet»and he was dragged
A>ut by two men who had followed him
in. - His clothing and hands were
burned. The property loss will amount
to about $2000.
The elder son of the woman crashed
through a burning floor and was slight
ly burned In an effort to save his
younger brother he supposed was still
in the burning building, gfn
Mrs. Jennie Cereghino and her three
children had a escape from
death in flames that broke out early
last evening in a building at 3 St.
Charles place, a blind alley off Kearny
street, near Pacific. The fire gained
such rapid headway before an alarm
could be sent in that it was with dif
ficulty that the tfiembers'of the family
weie rescued.
The Weyerhaeusers have invested
more than J6.000.000 in timber lands on
the coast. The greater part of . their
holdings are in the State of Washing
ton, some are in Oregon, and In this
State they control the Navarre prop
erty, purchased last year through a
company at the head of which is Mr.
Moon, son-in-law of one of the Weyer
haeusers. McCormick and several as
sociates also own 1,200,000 acres of tim
ber land in the three coast States,
which may be counted In with the
Weyerhaeuser interests.
These holdings also include many
mills with which the Weyerhaeusers.
If they carry out their threat, -will be
able to give their competitors a lively
race for business. A number of the
local representatives of the larger
milling companies against which - the
Weyerhaeusers would enter into Inde
pendent competition in the event of a
break in the combine have expressed
the opinion that all existing difficulties
will be adjusted at the next meeting
of the exporters, "when a new combine
for the ensuing year Is arranged. Me-
Cormlck's arrival here is awaited with
much Interest, however. T .
MH.I*I0NS INVESTED.
Suddenly, however, the representa
tives of the company began to com
plain, and not being satisfied with the
responses made to their complaints. R.
L. McCormlck, secretary of the big con
cern, notified several of the larger firms
here that the Weyerhaeusers were de
termined to get a better share of the
business, which they considered they
were entitled to, and if they failed they
would withdraw from the combine and
enter the business for themselves. Sec
retary McCormick hinted that the Wls*
consin milionaires. whom he represents,
were prepared to buy or build their own
vessels and would ply from all the big
coast ports and those of foreign coun
tries where Pacific Coast lumber is now
in demand.
A report received here yesterday Is
to the effect that McCormlck Is now on
his way to this city, fully prepared to
carry out the threat. He is accom
panied by another representative of
the big firm andMs due to arrive here
in a few days from the north, by which
route he is coming.
' The bulk of the export lumber trade
of the "entire Pacific Coast originates in
this city; that is, all the larger lumber
firms have their agencies here and
through a combine, which is effected
annually, they try to apportion orders
for export among the numerous mills In
California, -Oregon and Washington.
The Wftyerhaeuser Timber Company
has been a member of this combine for
many months and until recently seemed
to be well satisfied with the share of
export business that was given It.-
THBEATENS BIO ITRBIS.
The Weyeihaeusers, known through
out the Wes'.ern hemisphere as the
Rockefellers of the lumber world, are
threatening to enter San Francisco as a
competitor to the balance of the lumber
firms engaged In the exportation of Pa
cific Coast lumber. The Wisconsin mil
lionaires have a grievance against the
Pacific Coast exporters, which they
have plainly broached, and followed it
up- with a threat that if they are not
accorded fairer treatment than at pres
ent they will break away from the com
bine of millmen that now governs, the
export business and with vessels of
their own will Inaugurate warfare to
the bitter end.
The' dead' policeman's home, 486
Twenty-seventh' street, was the scene,
of , the funeral services.* Officiating was
theiRev. E. R. Dl He, pastor of the
First Methodist .Church. . The clergy
man lin an eloquent eulogy, laid stress
upon" the lesson to be drawn from the
young officer's life and his 'death, a
noble one, for it came aa he was doing
his .duty. ..,. v '
i ,The, interment was in Mountain View
Cemetery.;. .
Mrs.* Greiner has' not ; completed .ar
rangements'-concerning ? the disposition
of her * son's body,, 'which Ms at' the
Morgue. Coroner : Mehrmaiin will hold
theMnauest to-morrow] evening,; in (the
case' of Policeman ".„ Smith and on ; th*e
following, evening.^ in Goldstein's . case.
Goldstein -was- born in East Oakland,
his r father, haying been" a'l hotel keeper
here twenty var^'a p* *^flWHf«Mjflfffi
. Before going to live at the Turk
street place Kiniry was employed for
twd;Xnonths by^J. H. Boy son;, the* drug-'
gist V at ¦'-; Valencia . , and J.Tw'enty-flrst
streets" in^San Francisco. Boyson' says
Kiniry was a: hard -'working boy.«and
of ; the^most exemplary ; habits. "When
Kiniry - applied .'; for the position he
stated I that he had Just .come from Sk
Louis and.was at that time living with
hislaunt on street V His aunt
nioved away; and then Kiniry went to
live'l'ats 204*. Turk? street , and that was
the* last Boyson heard of> him. 1 .;- ¦..^•.'¦:^ 1
Kiniry, has family connections or
friends" in Salt Lake City and It Is sus
pected that he might head toward the
Utah capital. ;
In accordance with the expressed de
sire of his mother, the funeral services
this afternoon over the late Policeman
James H. Smith were" very simple.
Chief of Police Wlttman of San Fran
cisco had, sent word that he would, If
the family was willing, furnish a' large
detail of San Francisco men with a
band; to attend * as an • escort ; and . in
token of profound sympathy .and re
spect to the memory of a "brave poilce
mari; But the kind tender ' was ' de
clined, as no dispW was desired. De
spite this a' large number of members
from the Sah Francisco department at
tended the services. '
RELATIVES IN UTAH.
Detective Denny Holland, who has
returned from Los Angeles, believes
that Goldstein a<nd Kiniry were respon
sible for some of the clever burglaries
that have bothered the police ' of the
Southern California city. Holland said:
"The Los Angeles police have no
doubt, in view of the disclosures ' in
Oakland,- that these men 'worked* that
city. There have been a large number
of crimes there like the Crellln and
Banrian burglaries here and the -Mor
gan affair in Berkeley. .It looks as if
Goldstein and , Kiniry were very -well
acquainted with what- is needed -for
that kind- of work."
Kiniry, it has been learned, -work
ed at his trade as a carpenter In San
Francisco for some time prior to the
departure from that city of the Gold
stein family for Los Angeles. When
he resided with them at 204 Turk
street, San Francisco, where Mrs. K.
Greiner, Goldstein's mother, conducted
a lodging-house, Kiniry was appar
ently all that would commend a moth
er to recommend him as a companion
for her son. To the Oakland police
Mrs. Greiner spoke in highest termsof
Kiniry, extolling him as a steady
and industrious young man whom she
was glad to have with her boy. The
revelations of the last three days sim
ply appalled her. Mrs. Greiner ad
mitted that her son had Leen much un
der the control^ of Kiniry during
their three years' acquaintanceship, but
she also declared that- no doubt she
had been completely deceived. *¦
Goldstein was killed by the police officer
after being mortally wounded by Klnlry. who
immediately made his escape.
For several years Kiniry and his partner.
Frank J. Goldstein, have been pals. Goldstein
was a resident of Los Angeles, Cal. He and
Klnlry well known there.
The trial of Anna Ross, charged with
complicity in the. murder of Elizabeth
Leroy, was begun before Judge- Ells
worth this moritpg. Victor Walkirez,
her colored companion, is now serving
a life sentence In San Quentiri and the
District Attorney and the police. are of
the belief that she is equally guilty and
will make a strenuous effort to secure
her conviction.
Elizabeth Leroy, an aged colored
woman, was murdered by Victor Wal
kirez'on May: 6 last and her body was
buried In a shallow 'grave dug in the
cellar under her home at Golden Gate.
Both Walkirez and the Ross woman
were living in the house at. the time,
and .while the Ross woman admits hav
ing "witnessed the murder she claims
it was done • against her will. Some
time later she informed the police and
the capture of the negro and his con
viction followed.
.She was held in the County Jail as a
witness against Walkirez and some
notes that passed between them were
intercepted and it is believed they con
tain sufficient evidence to show that
she instigated the murden
To-day's session was spent in trying
to get a Jury. The trial will be con
tinued in the morning. '"
publication, issued" by Chief Hodgkins,
is as follows: • .
Description of David Kiniry — Age, 22 years;
height,- 5 feet 11 Inches or 6 feet; -weight, about
150 pounds; complexion, dark and sallow; hair,
dark brown and straight; large, dark bluo
eyes; smooth face (would raise heavy beard if
allowed to grow); long features, rather square
chin, heavy eyebrows close together; long
black lashes; two upper front teeth slightly
crooked or projecting, some gold fillings; very
hairy arms; back of hands very hairy, ' nearly
black; usually has blackheads and pimples on
forehead, rather small ears, fluent, talker, very
gentlemanly in his manner and neat In ap
pearance, very quick in his actions, walks very
erect, has never been seen smoking: or drink
ing, is an expert bowler and bicycle rider,
plays lawn tennis; a carpenter by trade, at
times claims to be a dealer in diamonds.
Is an expert burglar, porch climbing his
specialty. - Wears 14ft collar, 8 A shoe; size
of hat. C«i; laundry marks. H 22 B, H 74S9.
0-9u, 404-C, 438 K— these marks on collars,
shirts, handkerchiefs and underwear left In
his room; on some of the collars the name
Kiniry I<» written.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call-,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 30.
Criminal Easily Escapes
Owing to Defective
Campaign.
Jordan and Leavitt, Repre
senting Rival Firm?,
Head Factions.
First Presbyterian
Church.
Convention Will Be Held at
Failure Marks Hodgkins
Search for David
Kiniry.
Companion of Victor Walki
rez Faces Charge in
the Courts.
Threaten to Break From the
Combine and Fight in
bpen Market.
Neighbors Perform Work of
Rescue From Court in
Rear of House.
Chief Justice Fuller and Two
Associates Dissent to
Opinion.
Alameda Politicians in
Throes of Another
Imbroglio.
United States Supreme
Court Passes on Kan
sas Statute.
Mrs. Gereghino and Pour
Children Imperiled x
by Flames.
Missionary Work to Be
•Taken Up by Young
*'¦ People.
Anna Ross on Trial for
Murder of Aged
Mrs. Leroy.
Weyerhaeusers Demand
a N tiargef Share of tlio
\ Export Trada
MURDERER
CONFOUNDS
HIS PURSUER
VOTING MACHINES
DEVELOP A ROW
MANY DELEGATES
FOR CONFERENCE
EIGHT-HOUR LAW
IS HELD VALID
MAKING FIGHT
FOR HER LIFE
BARELY ESCAPE
DEATH BY FIRE
LUMBER KINGS
MAY GO TO WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', .TUESDAY, DECEMBER; 1. 1903.
v. LAREDO, ; Tex., Nov 30 — t*
quarantine which ha. beeT"ta ¦% * ellow " '**<*
Laredo since SepterXr sSS£$3?£g*~y
Late Shipping . Intelligence.
San ¦ Francisco, November 30.
Stmr Aurelia, Daniels, 87 hours : from ; Port
land,* via 'Astoria 77 hours. ,
. oi/rs i dk; bound in— midnioht.
Bchr Alice Ccoke."9SM«SttBMaBnttsB
LONDON, Nov. 30.— Kin Edward
has decided to open the coming session
of Parliament with full state cere
mony. The. royal procession will pass
down the Mall, the newly-selected
route, for the first '• time.
Display at Parliament Opening-.*
, MACpN, Ga... Nov v 30.— In the face of
a cold and-. driving wind, and with the
temperature.'at 47 degrees, Dan' Patch
broke . two ; .world's . records": to-'day' T ft
a high sulky heHowered Directum'a
record of 2:06 foramile to 201%
Five minutes later, to the usual track
sulky/he went.two miles m 4 :17 , lo l ™
ins - Nervola's record b r two «» Jm* ' '
flat. He driven by ji C Hc nr y. COnd3
Plucky : Pacer -Gives a Wonderful
Exhibition in a. Cold, Driv
ing Wind.
DAN PATCH BREAKS
TWO WOBLD'S RECORDS
4
PS. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
I Weak, nervons
cornea who suffer from headache, back-
ache, bearing-down pains and other con-
wqnenceao? womanly disease, can be
completely cured b^ the use of Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It es-
tablishes regularity, dries weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness: .
"About two years ago I wasVaken rick «nd it
seemed as If I had no nerves a>all,» writes Mr*
P. Woodbeck, of Detray, Mich. "Could not
work an hour la the day withont being urea
-out ' I doctored first with one physician, then
with another, but did not receive any benefit.
One would say one thine jsd the next soraetainjf
else. I had almost rirea up when I thoujat
yoor medicine might help me. so I wrote to too
asldnr what to do. You advised me to taie Dr.
Pierce* Favorite Prescription and ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery.' I did «o and could see a differ-
enc- rizht away. I only took four bottles in all
and felt better than I had in a lcmgtinie. Caa
work all day now and not feel Ured as I would
in an' hour before taking your treatment. I
think it is the only medicine.*
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets CUM diz-
ziness and side headache. . 'MICHIGAN STATE SENATOR WHO
FIGURES PROMINENTLY IN A
SENSATIONAL BOODLING CASE."
Alcazar.
.The comedy" drama,* "A Poor Rela
tion," commenced Its second and
closing week at the Alcazar Theater
last night to a_ crowded house.
California*.
"At the Old Cross Roads" Is still en
tertaining large audiences* at the Cali
fornia-
ROME. Nov. SO. — The -Pope to-day received
in "private audience M)?r: Hobert Seton of New
ark N. J., .Titular Archbishop of Hellbpolls/
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— The following
• Califomians ar^ registered here: From
San, Franeis>co--C. W. PIRe, "at the Hoff
man: \V. A. Richardson, at Jhe Navarre;
W. J. Cox, at tne Grand Union; J. C. Fer
guson, at the Manhattan; L.*C. Inen, at
the Herald. Square; M. J. Kaufman, at
the Imperial;. F.. ; Kreiger, at the Union
Square; K. M. Lundberp. at the" Manhat
tan; I. H. Morse and" wife/ at the Hol
lajid; D. N. Moses/ at th*° Herald Square;
•J. S. Potter and wife, at'tr.e Normandie;
J. Pownlr.gr," at the Holland -House: D. P.
Robertson, at the Hotel York; J. F.. Sey
mour. M. Sommer. J. Steinbgrger. at the
Imperial. *- .C-"
Santa Clara— L. L. Morse, at' the Im
jxrlal. -...."
Los Angeles-rMiss H.* Reeves, at the
Astor; W. M. Vandyke and wife, at the
Navarre.
LANCASTER. Pa.. Nor. 30.— P. Eckhart
Flaymakrr of tfcl« city and C. C. Kauffman
of Columbia were to-<Jay arpolnted receivers
for the Su»quehanna Inn and Steel Company
*upcn an application ma-ie some time ago by
John Q. Denny cf Columbia. „
The- Central Theater's massive spec
tacular .melodrama, "The Counter
feiters." which thrilled and fascinated
an immense audience, last 'night, gives
full money value in stirring plot, sen
sational incidents and startling cli
maxes. At the conclusion of the third
act enthusiasm ran riot and the act-
Ors were called before, the curtain sev
eral times and given a thunderous"
ovation. The piece is replete with sur
prises, put- the most amazing spectacle
is realized in .the'-raid on the counter
feiters' den in "an abandoned tunnel.
Central.
"With eiaht additional musicians just ar- 
rived frcm the old country. Ellery's Royal
Italian P.and will beein" a return engage
ment at the Alhambra next Sunday night,
December 6. The repertoire of the band
will embrace a great' variety -of styles -of
music and seme fine special nights are
being arranged. The -openinj? night will
be devoted mairjy to compositions of thtr
modern Italian composers, a .magnlficept
selection from Puccini's "La Tosca'.' be!nj?
one of the features. On Wednesday -night
«' special Wagner programme will be.,
given, «rfc*a selections from "Die * "Wal
kure, "Tannhausser," etc., will l?e given:'
Another night wilW be devoted to French
composers and each night during the en
gagement there, will be special features,
and soloists will appear at every concert.
The SaturOay night programme will be
a popular "rag-time" smoker, and the
rjumbers will include all the popular hits,
Euch as "Prince of Pilsen," "King Dodo."
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home,"'
etc. This will *>e the first smoking "con
cert given in this city, although in Ixrn
don they are quite the fad on Saturday
nisrht. The prices for. this, engs-gement
will be TK>p.'Jlar and good reserved' seats
can be had as low a's 25" cents' ".Matinees
will be given on Saturday 'and Sunday.
The sale of seats opens ' Wednesday at'.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. ". " • '" -. •"
Ellery's Band Returns.
'During the past j'ear" the Bureau of
Soils has-been engaged in making*'al
kali reclamation demonstrations in. the
arid .West.'- Referring to an extensive
¦experiment located near Salf Lake,
where'a'n area of.75.000 acres isunpr,o
.ductive- because .of .an excess of alkali,
a tract of forty acres was secured and
the work of reclamation in co-operation
with the- Utah experiment station 'was
¦ undertaken. At the -beginning this
-tract was. fouild. to contain more than
-Vz X>er cent of salt, or a total of 6650
tons in four feet of soil. Two-thirds
of this quantity^ has now .been removed
by 'the simple method '-of- under drain
age .and flooding. It is -believed that
the entire area .will, be sufficiently
sweetened by the end of the present
•season to" permit growing a crbp.
Examinations and reports dealing
with technical problems -in the forest
reserves .have been made for reserves
in. T'tah;' California, Oregon and New
Mexico. Representatives of the bureau
have, during the past sunimer, exam
ined, over 120,000,000 acres, proposed as
forestry reserves in the Rocky Moun
tains and Pacific Coast States.
Discussing- the balance. of trade, the
Secretary shows that the favorable
balance to the credit of the country 'is
due entirely to the farmers. The bal
ance of trade In favor of farm products
during the last fourteen years, no year
excepted,- aggregated $4,806,000,000. In
products other than of the farm during
the same period the balance of trade
was adverse to this country to the ex
tent of $865,000,000.
. Secretary Wilson reports a great im
provement of the beet sugar industry.
In 1896 19.260 tons of sugar were made
and a year ago 220,000 tons. Careful "es
timates put the present crop at about
260.000 tons."
WASHINGTON. Nov. SO.— The an
nual report of Secretary of Agriculture
Wilson has been submitted to the
President.' Secretary Wilson reviews
at length the production and exports
of agricultural products. The Increase
of exports of farm products for the
half-century ended to 1901 was from
$14T,000.000 to $952,000,000. Th<s exports
of farm products for the closing decade
Of the last century was more than $700,
000.000 and for 1903 more than $878,000,
000. an amount second only to that of
1901.
SAX RAFAEL, Nov. SO— But for the
timely assistance and the heroic ef
forts of Deputy County Clerk Frank
Holland and City Attorney Joseph K.
Hawkins. Mrs. "W. P. Gray might have
lost her life yesterday in a fire while
the residence of O. H. Fernback, at the
comer of Fifth avenue and Irwin
ftreet. was burning.
Mrs. Gray was the only person in the
Femback home at the time. While en
gaged in the preparation of a dinner,
a gas stove which was leaking, .ex
ploded. * causing the room to be filled
with smoke. The woman's clothes were
ignited. Mrs. Gray, who is 73 years old/
was greatly excited and was unable to
extinguish the flames or tcprotect her-.
self from being burned.
Hawkins and Holland, who were re
turning from a hunting trip, happened
to be passing the . residence and were
attracted by the lady's 6creams for
help. They rushed Into the house "and
extinguished the blaze. Holland's hands'
were badly burned and Hawkins was
injured. Mrs. Gray's injuries, are not
thought to be fatal.
Special Difpatch to The Call
• Six separate water conspiracy deals
.were ori in Grand Rapids at 6nce, ac
cording c to Salsbury's sworn testimony,
.each gigantic .in Its size, and air calling
for the use of a boodle fund. In addi
tion to the Henry Taylor $100,000 Lake
Michigan water deal, he testified that
there .were five other strings out, from
each one of which thousands of dollars
were hanging. Every one of these six
sefs of men who offered to advance a
corruption fund were dupes, so Sals-"
bury says, of himself, Perry, McGerry
and Sproal. I'v" "
Pat Flynn of New York he names as
one" *of those at the head of one con
spiracy. The men interested" in the Hy
draulic "Water Company are named as
the backers of # another deal In Chicago.
Then there was a Milwaukee dea!, in
which he said Contractor Loss of Chi
.cago was interested; the Omaha deal,
"in 'which the Barton millionaires are
said to have put up $50,000. and the Gll
lespie deal. On top of all these Sals
bury implicates Revenue Collector Sam.
uel Lemon with a deal, charging Lemon
# with coming to him with a proposition
to buy the Council after having bought
the Mayor for $10,000.: D. 'N. Crqw-;of :
Grand Rupids and Mpses. Crow;- of .Nev£-
York are also mentioned in connection
with one. of .the. deals:: . ' -I: '¦ r-' :¦:•''.'¦'' ¦'¦.'¦: ¦.•*•:
.Salsbury. testified; ; ; that ¦ he !.••" offered.;;
Burns $200 in additibri: to..$100 : ; which \
He also Implicated in the water deal
S. E. "Waters, ex-president of the Board
of Public "Works; Dr. Nilke Devries, ex
city physician; George" Ellis, a • local
broker; Samuel M. Lemon, collector "of
internal revenue, and "William H. And
erson, president of the Fourth National
Bank. '^"'1 " ! '
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Nov. SO.—
The confession of ex-City Attorney
L*nt K. Salsbury regarding the noto
rious water scandal in this city was
given for the first time to-day in court
at .the preliminary examination of
State Senator David Burns, and it has
created a tremendous sensation on ac
count of the number of prominent per
sons it implicates, in , addition to the
seventeen officials and former officials
who • were arrested on bribery charges
ten days ago. Never' once did Salsbury
have to refer to notes, and he rendered
his testimony readily, giving names,
dates and oocurrences as though the al
leged events happened only last week
instead of three. years ago. The exam
ination'of .'Senator Burns was com
pletely'lost, to view In the story of the
conspiracy as related by Salsbury.
The persons Implicated by Salsbury
during his testimony against State Sen
ator Burns and the amounts he al
leged thev received are as follows:
George R. Perry, .ex -May or, $13,725; J.
Clark Sproal, manager of the Grand
Rapids Democrat, $3333; R. A. Cam
eron, New York. $500; State Senator
David E. Burns, $200; Alderman Mc-
Cool, $500; Alderman Ellen, $350; Alder
man Depeagler, $350; Alderman Mulr,
$500; Alderman Kinney, $350; Alderman
Donovan, $500; Alderman Philiips,
$1000; Aldermari Johnson, $350 or $400;
Alderman Stonehouae, $350; Alderman
Lozier, $500; Alderman Shriver, $350;
Alderman Mol, $350; Alderman Ghysels,
$350; Aldernran Hodges, $500; Alderman
Slocum, $500; Cory P. Bissell, $500; J.
Russell Thomson, reporter on Evening
Press, $500; Isaac Lamoreaux, ex-City
Clerk, $1500; State Representative Van
Zoron, $350; State Representative Van
dercook.' $60; E. D. Conger, manager
Grand Rapids Herald. $10,000; Thomas
E. McGarry. a prominent attorney now
•in Florida,. $7500; C. Si Burch, manager
of the Evenjng Press, $5000.
• MANY DEALS PENDING.
Success Is Promised in Re
claiming Arid
Lands.
FaSsers-by Discover House
on ' Fire and Rush to
-.-.¦• the Rescue.
Secretary Wilson's Re
port Is Flattering ':
to Producers.
Aged Woman Narrowly
Escapes Flames in
. • Marin.
FARMERS SWING
TRADE BALANCE
HUNTERS SAVE
HER FROM DEATH
The statement of Lant K. Salisbury that h»
ever puia tarn any money or offered to do «o.
or that I ever had any conversation with mm
whatever resardlnK the matter, is an unqual
ified fal^ehi-od.
The Herald, frcm the inception of this plot,
has steadfastly crroced lta consummation, and
with untiring real soueht to unmask the crim
inals. The Herald waa the first paper In
Grand BsdMs to expose the Bartln deal la
Chicago and was the first to demand the Jury
investigation. The Herald continued to urge
the summoning- of the Grand Jury until it waa
called, and wan relentless in demanding the
full exDosure of the plot and the punishment
of the ci'nsnlraU.rs.
The arch conspirator haa been convicted and
now turns uuon me as owner of this paper
for revenge.
;.-i-'rw'ay i; S-; Diwh^:Kaat/': : the : te»utlftil
pMti»i«l. :piay.;beganVa-vreturn.;'.en»gt- :
mientV'at tlxei Columbia Theater {vlaet
ni*M-i!wdeP"Vfkyohible\Viu8piceaii.V- : .Th«
homerllkeicenea with which. ;the. play
abound* and the more or leas faiaillar
character* peculiar to farm life ap
peal strongly, to human sentlraeat. Tse
memten of ths company are «TJalt3
the; dramatic requIremenU cf^tfistf ««y
*rjU :^d>fachI«y8':stKcefs.:ta-va parts: ;>
.qul*t.:and';iMttorM:;ta«ttsr.y : .^*.\5 a .ft
manager of thoCrapdVRapMsvKcyaSai
denies Salisbury's charges as follows: ;
Columbia.
Salsbury also Implicated Samuel N.
Lemon, Collector of City Revenue, and
William R." Anderson, president of the
Fourth National ..Bank, .-.who, \. he said,
.wanted $10|CW^each^-^YLemon ' was
terested iiix:vacye^t' ; -'vi P 4ter. ; ;_deals that
were on at .one(Umc, so Salsbury said,
THE MAYOR INVOLVED.
Perry's theory was for him and the Demo
crat (a local paper) to support the Bailey
Springs water project, a rival of the Lake
Michigan deal. He advocated the Bailey
Springs deal with the sole purpose of getting
the other papers to oppose the project, before
it was known that . the " other papers would
accept money. -' Burch ; of the Evening Pr*-ss
at first wanted *10,OCO t but rtnally took the
$5000. I insisted that * nothing tv* done by
the Council '. until the : additional $75,000, for
which we had bargained with the promoters,
came. Attorney McGarry first got held of this
money, but I insisted . that it be turned over
to Stilsen ¦ McLeod, an ¦ employe of the old
National Bank7- with whom I haa - been • in
terested in stock ¦ speculations. Method took.
$15,300 to make up his shortage \ and I , got'
$12,000 and paid up Miy i debts. The rest was
kept • , by McLeod at. the old National- Bank.
My Idea yet was to call: the whole^ water, deal
off and let those fellows go back to Ntw York
thinking that -they had done something.
Salsbury Bald; that; the reason." he, dM
.not get out of the' deal : af ter getting,
the first boodie was that he had to keep
up an appearance of good faith with
the promoters, and, .because of the
drains upon him in interesting other
persons, he was unable to get enough
out of It for himself to' pay up his $15,
000 shortage. After paying McGarry
17500, so he testified,' he went down to
ex-Mayor Perry's office and gave him
$3333. Salsbury continued:
JCtmwn iconics to kn»« lMt the onew*.
rat«r* \ would. «uppe«v «i.; ft Mi 4 htm i that -I
SiiKh • ©« ' th# nv»«l»» ; Pr»w 1500* '% I il»9
iHtszexitl tvsxi. I v\«« Wlklns of bMomltwr
% tSYnVrMth Sftml. It belrgr kn^n that-X
WfiS;"tci'.'«is»;tlje.pasisr-ia.«.:I-wa»tea. / - ; . : .-.._-i_ ! .Vvy
':: At tomeyi:- 'iicQutrysi however, w ; nnted
$2l;^\'ifrom :: Brfs"bury.'-he..tc8t!fled;- : :but
~iy::tiiiif£ 'finall£ thatV- Salsbury
3^iild"'' f:^:"Wm\t«Mi^^?t^^Rth»
: wctit jniifli thft n»w?i>a^er^ ; Valiegea cqnr
nectlcm'wltli^tlie/deaii^Saidlhei"^ : %;:
wtom&so ipay;:dbbts.
:^..;'^lgbury: testifle.d tha.t : -'{hp..';\(*a!teF'iaeaJj
flrstvcarhe:'t6 his attention i in Jprte-i-1900;
iwhen;Thon^s;:F^>IcGarry;ja ; ;i0cal^^
tprney,;'. told, him ..that -he : had : .';'s.crme
; 'cile^t's;VAyn.6'".:w.a :^ted;.".to.'g^'t a^CQntra^t;
:therevv\'ouid be $5000 Tni.it fQ^/hinY.'-VSals^
:ib'iiry'. : :-\yas ; tlr»yeri ¦ tnjEov'trie^ <Jeali: he" 'spii*^
¦.V:inli-a«wrtjnt : ,^icausjP.a^
V«>rl: iiintV MKr«>p«l so ; into^the ;VV!«»al:
'tire: J25,CiC0^cash. ¦^Th&.'; inonA.y^aRKsent.
by. >H/?A:^Tay!or : ° of^X^^-Ydrt^; ;;.thV
"¦ \xy'-gbi« "x«liri*>s<» w«s v «1'»'' take th<* :$2S,'0Q<>.-to
»traigfctpa.up n»V banli ac<?oupt; \: If I hadjeot
; that--mon»y at. that .tinn>.r ; AVMiM hav» «ettl*a
th«*iho:t»s:« : , «p«l • 'there^.tho water M&V yto\x\i
¦hav*,'ftstlPt»<;:^v^v;;v;-;v^. ; -;;.\:;b;;;..;.: /¦¦;^Vs0&'ps:'>i:\
Burns told him he had already received.
Burns scorned s the offer at first, say
ing .that he was no.- $100 man, and
threatened, so. Salsbury swore," that he
would tack on a referendum clause to
the bill unless ".he were given-. $5000.
Salsbury told him- to 'put: in .the bill
and to say nothing abputthe .$5000 .until
the • measure :bec.ame a; !aw;.. : intiraafing,
.that. ¦heV.Wquid^be . 'f ufther - '.rewarded
jtKeji^TKe ji2^6 was " bald to ; 3urns* in
office: ¦i.^^e City"ilall^Sals
bury ;;testifl.e;d;---'•;.;; : ¦.* ¦¦'>.•'> '-'¦¦' ''.- : '. '¦'¦"."•'.'.'¦':'¦¦ ".'":
CONGERV^BIAkES DENLAX. %
In a signed : ; statement ; E. D. Conger,
We had bidder* on the string from all sides
and our first plan was to ret them to put up
all the money possible with us as bribe money
and then po to the Council ' and exhibit the
money with the statement that It was sent
here to bribe us and then keep it. This was
before • the water deal waa planned and our
first plan would have gone through but for
my arrest In Chicago, which scared some of
them out. We, had bidders In Milwaukee,
Omaha, Chicago- and "other places, and were
Just getting them warmed up - when my ar
rest in Chicago upset all the plans.
. The next plan was. to get the . city to buy
the hydraulic water plant. It was practically
worthless ro far as competition was , concerned,
but could 'be made to nppear good.' In order
to . get the deal through It i was necessary to
have the city charter amended 'and for this
purpose we had to arrange • with ' Senators
Burns and Otis. Messrs. Crow and a Mr. Gray
of ' New York were to back the scheme and
were to put • up $60,000 as a starter. . Willard
*KlhgsIey of this city acted for them.
¦ Of thig amount we -were > to give $10,000 to
Editor Conger, $5000 to Senator Burns, $30,000
wag Uo - go to carry the Legislature for the
bin. and the balance of $15,000 was to be
divided' between Mayor Perry," Kditor Sproal,"
Oeorg-e Ellis and myself. - This plan fell down,
however, • when a '¦ referendum I clause was " at»
tached to the bill ' and we had. to give it. up
and Ko on with the Lake Michigan deal.
- C. S. Burch, manager of the Evening
•I>ost;. denies the' charges made by Sal3
bury; v'v;VvVil> ; '¦V/."'."'- t ->. : .'-" •' .
*':- A» «oon«B:rerry heanl of th» bogui «fceck«
h* ¦toli ;ine..: ,\r«. .decided "that if :tbera yrms
anythine. tnd ;n;«h»<l":better ;; be the one* to
fxpatt -U" rathf than any on» els». . i a -dt<J j not
•urt»oj<» .that McGarry ; would • put up . bogus
llw.CCO . ehtcks. i'.I'f rry's ¦ wesnar* ntakins th«
•xpef ar» -• W»» V pnT-ari-d ; by •• Fr anlc'-Xl*. .^ BkiJi'
who:; was: under ravb>-:,th«.-lBdtaoapdlU:PU>
trutton ncheme, and- I r*vt«e<5- It: : It «¦»•' »r
rans««l-"tA;-r.etiirn • It ¦ to T us -.unopeivMj:-- X v ixiM
rcowrer-SUHCOCi: after tb> ' check* w»r» thrown
In ,th».«!r.: Ii.Iin«w...tve.-tisd v , ti>,,ii4ve :•<>«•
Mora men ofcmit town to put tbe deal thrflu^i.
to X went; to Gf arse Kit 1% » • local -hicker,' n od!
has .him so to 8M.c.)nwr,»na..orr»f fcj^i fai»,ot»>
tn fcoud *.*: •-;' Oww «.*mit J s*>t -*c«jJt i borntti ¦•• tut
TUBt*! >*10.<)0p. . in • cai<h« . ; Th*a li r» , : t£\;i»
hrtfci* •¦"catne vc«t : in - tbsV'.'lTexsia^'iijj";!? i»W>
that to* ."woaH^ill the' whele-.ttiBi'.'-.iiSeaUad-
M*m.U9'ta th» City Hall 1 lisa : told .him."!!^!!!-
It.. ..H> 'VnW-.as'-much about the .deai'.'ai"'X
did.' - He demanded the money after admitting
having the talk with Ellis. The next day he
came to me, havlnc an article written already
for publication, exposing' the whole deal. He
said he wanted $10,000 or he would expose
the whole thing. I finally had to give it to
him.
ALL BIDDERS WERE VICTIMS.
Salsbury also implicated Dudley E.
Waters, a member of . the^ Board of
Public Works; Eugene D. Conger, man
ager of the Grand Rapids Herald, and
J. R. Thomson, municipal reporter of
the Evening Press. He said that he
sounded Waters and that Waters told
him he had enough money, but would
not stand in the way of the water deal,
either voting favorably • or staying
away. Salsbury testified: . ..
'...Later I. learned* that he had negotiated with
.th»-.-Jfew.. York parties • directly..'... One --night
after, a.. "Council meeting". Thomson came ' to
:me and.- accused me.of -knowing- about the deal.
.;f took;' him* in and'. offered him :$100Q 'cash and'
'.$5.0007 in /bonds.'..; After':- McLeoiT arid' -myself
•'.took- what 'money., we -needed 6ut:.6f •;the : $J3,0W>
.-boodle! • : furid;ther.e;-;was:$i8.50X> left.'. '•'¦•.I- 'carried
: that- -untll-.'-af ter • ejection; : '.'-.T.he 'day iof election'
. I-'. awSkened. -suspicion., among ' Worn- of the ' city
;ofrioi;ils::that -I- ."had '.the-- -boodie;: by bettihe'
heavily, -oh'::' election -results; . ; They "asked. Vine,
:'tnerf^Xpr:;their.; money;. ': I: gave :f l.'t.-ISO -to', ex--
VMay;or.;:perry-'iahd':;to..the : :IJemoc'.rat :'S13,'"50. : . ;.i
ga\'e'-.sqrn.e; ta ; Corey. .P. ' Blsself pf.the; BoarS 'pi.
.^Public,. Works' .and , some to J . R; . Thomson and:
\tQ:.;Kv:.'PV-''t"onKer.'.$iO.,6w:.V.'I.-lMi^$'^';-.iacii'. ; .t6.
. Alder.rnen 'iEIjej?" .'•Deiwaklfr. ;.Ktnney;-- Pchtiver.
••Mpe!l'i.£Ston«'Jv>uyt» -/arid .Mac Iiach.rari;>'..?.y>O-'-eaeh
;:toV;lftsselI,S Tnpmp.-an . ««<1 :>\ki<Tnif>r.> S!c;Go£>i;
!iltiir;;/.Uonovar»'^
."•'.»¦ l*aac- J.,*i:»or<<aux.- 1 luild StM)O.- ¦:••'¦'¦ • ':•• .'•..'¦ ¦ .'¦;,
BOGUS CHECKS USED. - ¦]
••* LJim'.r.-.-iTjv wan i'jiv «'I»-rk and ts
suppc^ii ?<* h;%%" confessed .".to the
fcrosecuVfn^
•nQt, yet^been j&restc'd,. ; .;.. ; r'-'.}}':-;-. ¦;:.'-;^v: : .- '¦/¦¦t'-i . j
,.v£rae"w&neetior(ipif^^^
thoiyiTeal •¦ So ls!«t r^^ wcplalticdi/- byV tej lln£
io/'th^discuve^-ithat-'^eus'chefiics/^'er^
V?f?ir^put" in -^ith' thekbMS; that .j-'went-ii'
;cit>\;he;BaldV'
I told him that it would take $200,000. He
wanted me to come down, but J told him
that he and Anderson wanted $10,000 without
doing anything. >
and came to his office saying that he
had paid the Mayor $10,000 and wanted
to know how much it would take to get
the Council. Salsbury addtfd:
Conley and Klein, singing and
dancing comedians, one of whom is a
clever pianist; the La Moines, novelty
musicians; Flood and Hayes, wonder
ful barrel Jumpers,- and Stanley ani
Carlisle, who present an amusing skit
entitled "Mrs. O'Grady'a Wash Day,"
were new at the Chutes yesterday and
all made hits. Carberry and Stanton,
the "two country kids;" Mabel Lam
son, the popular contralto, in new il
lustrated songs; little Helene, the
clever Juvenile performer, and the
animatoscope, in a charge of moving
pictures, completed an unusually Inter
esting programme. The amateurs will
appear on Thursday* night. -
Chutes.
of Anna- Moore is in the capable hands
of Ruby Bridges, whose emotional
talents are kept within bounds, but
are n«ne the less effective. She Is
prepossessing in appearance, and her
enunciation is" dear and distinct.
Charles H. Riegel plays the hard
hearted squire, who afterward re
lents, with intelligence. Probably the
best bit of acting" is that done by
Imogene Hyams, who plays Louisa
Bartlett, the squire's wife, in a way to
win the heart of every one. She is
Just the sort of motherly woman whom
none of us can help admiring, and her
faith In her son David, who follows the
woman he loves, is that which only a
good mother could have. Edward J.
Heron is capital as HI Holler, the
chore boy, and his laughing over the
Jokes In the funny paper is positively
infectious. William Lamp give.s a
capital Impersonation of Lennox San
derson, the city man: Madge Douglas
was charming as Kate Brewster, and
Loyola Q'Connor is perfectly at home
as Martha Perkins, the village gossip.
Charles A. Burke created no end of
amusement by his quaint^ portrayal of
the Town Constable, . and h^s "All
Bound Round With a Woolen String"*
was 'cleverly sung. Philip Tale Drew
acted well 'the part of David Bartlett.
and H. H. Forsman was amusing as
the summer boarder. The village
choir, consisting of Adam Warmouth,
Harry Maitland. Caroline Forsman
and Pearl Sanford. sang, some of the
old songs delightfully.
i CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— The youthful
self-confessed murderers and train
robbers. Peter Neldermeier, Harvey
Vandlne, Gustav Marx and Emil
Roeski, were arraigned in court to
day. Marx pleaded guilty to all the
charges against^, him, but his three
accomplices pleaded not guilty. During
the i afternoon the prisoners were re
moved from the Harrison-street Police
Station to the County Jail, where they
will remain until brought to trial.
Neidermeler admitted to the police
that he and Vandine had made an at
tempt to kill Marx. Roeski also said
that he had narrowly escaped murder
at the hands of his accomplices.
"We will all walk to the scaffold
without a tremor," was the statement
made to-day by Marx. Vandine. Nei
dermeier and Roeski aa they discussed
their probable fate.
The Greek Theater at Berkeley has
put all kinds of queer notions into
the Californian head. Possibly "I O U"
Is one of them. It has been determined
by the Berkeley enthusiasts that the
Greek Theater shall be the cradle of
the national drama. Last night Fisch
er's offered a home-made burlesque in
"I O U" that Gotham may be glad to
Import. • '
In the intervals of being a secretary
of Railroad Commissions and things
and things and things, it is said that
Judson C. Brusie has found time to
write the burlesque. Dr."H. J. Stewart
has made the music and the piece is
staged by Charles H. Jones, and if the
sputter of laughs that greeted it last
night be anything to go by "I O.U"
goes! Mr. Brusie knows his Fischer's.
Mr. Brusie knows also his audience.
The fun and situations of the burlesque"
are all of the minute and fitted to
every rib of the Fischer folk. Nor has
Dr. Stewart done his part less effec
tively. The music is bright, vlf, and
suited to the piece and people. And
the burlesque is excellently . staged. It
went almost without a hitch.
The pivot of the fun is the labor
union, with trusts and hotel-keeping as
side issues, and the author has achieved
a Gilbertian. touch in their handling.
Here is his- definition of a corporation:
"A corporation is an aggregation of
men sanctioned by law to do what in
dividuals wouldn't dare to do." Of
trusts he says:
"Corporations eat up companies.
Companies eat up co-partnerships,
Co-partnerships, eat up individuals,
And trusts eat up the whole cheese."
But Mr. Brusie is at his funniest
when dealing with the eccentricities of
unionism. Kolb, Dill and Bernard be
come partners in a hotel-keeping en
terprise, after a delightfully tangled
contract. Help/is short, and the part
ners turn to and "do everything from
clerking to barkeeping. The walking
delegate, very humorously exaggerated
by Ben T. Dillon, then comes along and
persuades them forcibly to Join eight
unions apiece, in their several capaci
ties. He then informs them of a labor
parade to be held the following day,
for which they are fined $50 by every
union which they fall to represent.
Truly" Gilbert! Then Dill, objecting
that his partners have opened the shop
two seconds before time, and closed It
four seconds after hours, strikes. Kolb
explains that as laundrymaa Dill un
reasonably objects to washing anything
but union suits! But the short
man goes away and returns inside a
sandwich with the inscription: "Boycott
This House!" His march In front of
the Dew Break Ipn, chanting -"This is
an' unfair house!" is the kind of climax
called screaming.
Miss Amber as a circus lass and Mr.
Blake as a gentlemanly Circus proprie
tor gone gray take care of most of the
lyrics. "Here's to the Little Tin Pail,"
sung by Blake, set the feet stamping,
and Miss Amber has a fetching tune in
"Am I Dreaming?" The fun trust has
three songs, and the chorus has some
excellent numbers, notably the finale of
the first act, the opening chorus and !
closing ensembte of the second act.
.There is a little variety lacking in the
lyrics, but the whole setting is of much
higher, than usual; caliber, and in emi
nently ".popular -vein.. .Both author and
."musician hav.e° struck' cleverly-the-.popu
:iar.:yein. : There' is'.an^occaslohairsag In
;the : inteY^st'.wi.^
son with Jthe'.^sto'.re'rmade ' article; . 'TO
:tJ'ystands;-pr^
'•¦ irial:; in ¦-! nmrked "•I'd^'gree/'-pUre. 1 burlesque
;an^;-V3iiis_ularIyVtimely./ I t.'-isv besides ex«
celiehtiyVdon^^
F^s^|feJn;:Bo.a^s : : ;-fhaye-'. : ;8.e5h^.. : f Or ;;tHese
•many days
;./\;MJsf? ". \ tinVrs ia ." G* Ra mey;/must^ riot -;be
•fOTKOtt* u in ;. * :«*v*r and -piquant' [sp«-\
¦•«*iaity'v-a'^.-. : : a|via'l?'an^e^;."Birl>*art^i-oth«r/'
ich'iijge;- ;^THei:tlps^ -iaUy" might:be-.omit^
.'tied/ 'xyli h?a'ilyant a «*.- ;', G le vet :as \ ii'Waj. • t •"¦
:V«t;>"suec'essfuUy^
.a.rid''iire"tty-;^
•'•Hope- sa i>. Ih front And' cheered vth.em.V-' •;
"Way Down East" Excel
lently Produced at the
Columbia.
Four Criminals Are Arraigned
and One Pleads
'Guilty.
Brusie -Stewart Effort
' Takes With Crowd
at Fischer's.
Chicago Bandits Talk of
Their Pate on the
Gallows.
BOY MURDERERS
SHOW BRAVADO
"I O U" WINS
QUICK FAVOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1903.
Former City Attorney Salsbury Gives an Astonishing Confession^ Asserting
• That in the Recent Water Deal Valuable Rights Were to Be Bartered
Away for a Song-He Implicates Ex-Mayor Perry and Many Aldermen
GRAND RAPIDS OFFICIALS MAKE
MERE CHATTELS OF PUBLIC PRIVILEGES
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WHOKTG DIAONOSIB
Prompts the Use of Worthless Bern-
• .-" edlei.
. Even an experienced physician will
sometimes make a mistake fn diagnosis,
in which event his entire treatment is
wasted and may even be injurious to the
patient -f " •
The advocates of all other hair restor-
atives save Herpicide have wrongly diag-
nosed the cause of Dandruff and Falling
H«Ur.
They figure on a functional disease,
whereas it is now known and generally
accepted. that hair loss is due to a para-
sitic germ which Newbro's Herpicide de-
stroys. viSHBnpV
There is no substitute for Herpicide,
accept none. ¦
Sold by leading drugists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co..
Detroit, Mich.
SCOTT'S EMXTLSION.
NOW IS THE TIME.
Take Scott's Emulsion of
Cod Liver Oil now. Not
next week or next month, but
now. You need it to put fat
;bn^ your, bones and strength
¦ iii; iyour 'body to stand the
cptd. .and/ .. trying weather of
the/^isxt few months. ';'¦".}[
5:J^me7Jfenths of the popula-
benefited by
/taking Scott's Emulsion regu-
larly three! times a day for ai
inonth or' more every fall to
\ fortify:;;, and /.strengthen the .
System against the cold and
constant; changes that .'occur
\ tJurough^^hei ;,winteir. :|; The
: benefit is particularly marked
t^^oung; 'cleUcate : children^
i No : - fo ai^3at\ thi^culitakex
(begiiB^tp^ . ; compare^ vrith}"
•S^i^c^'U^ro^i^scaiwi:
.^3bv^:if(7OiJ :^;'Sc^tV^E^uJ£
sipa vyoull be sure to j»etoa!y
Thi},iver : Pre$ent Smile
Is worn by the man whose linen
passes tKrough our hands.
The. cause — perfect washing and
careful ironing.
Telephone call, South 418, will
put a smile on your countenance that
time can't wear off.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
- OZTXCE 10O4 MAEXET 8TX3SX**
Hemr Fow«lL
, ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦¦>;l'> ' ' : - '¦ '* ¥?};?£>&$&&¦ The Denver man who wrote a book establishing to the
satisfaction of Denverites the reality of heaven arid hell now
says his effort was simply an unnecessary exhibition '. of
idiocy. He is too painfully self-conscious. He should' take
comfort in the fact that he gratified his environment and
wrote down to the standards of his fellow townsmen. Let
him be glad that what he thought was idiocy they thought
was reason. \ ¦
MAGPIE*-M. P.. City. This depart
ment suggests if you desire to op
erate on the tongue of a magpie In or
der to make the bird talk and you arV
not an expert in that line, that you do
not do it. but take the bird to a bird
fancier, who will do all that is required
without d*ansrer to the bird. .
Relics of Dante.
Now that Sir Henry Irving is In this
country reviving interest In the great
Italian poet, Dante by his wonderful
impersonation of the latter on the
stage. It may be of interest to recall
the fact that most of the authentic and
interesting relics of Dante are In the
possession of an ex-footman, but who
now bears a title of nobility obtained
by the judicious expenditure of money.
He was In the service of the late
Countess Zucchini, who died a few
years ago at Florence, bequeathing to
him. her. entire fortune, amounting to
several million francs, after ha^ng
raised him from the servants' hall to
the position of agent and factotum in
the management of her property. Th<\
Countess waa 'the last descendant of
Dante, the immortal poet of the "In
ferno," who, like herself, was a mem
ber of the Alighieri family: Marrying
very young a' Count Z/icchtni. she left
him after a few years and thenceforth
abandoned herself to all kinds of ec
centricities, despising etiquette,-conven
tion and formality. Several times the
THE announcement by General Reyes that he is author
ized to offer the United States all canal privileges on
the isthmus of Panama free of cost, either initial or fu
ture rental, is something more than surprising; it is amus
ing. -He says .he has authority to do this from President
Marroquin. . So* Minister Herran had authority from Mar
roquin to make the canal treaty, which the Colombian Con
gress : rejected without giving adequate reason for such ac
tion. ' Under the Colombian constitution the Congress has
to ratify 'any new treaty, arrangement or agreement that
Reyes may make now.
Of course the price that he exacts for this gift to us of
all we want on the isthmus is our consent that the forces
of Marroquin shall be free to invade Panama 'from the
sea, and by slaughter reduce the new 'republic. After this
is v done, and we h&vc parted with the opportunity that is
given us by the new sovereignty of the isthmus, there 1 is no
guarantee that Colombia will /fulfill this agreement ' ' any
more than she did: the last one/ .In effect it is an offer
of a stupendous, bribe to the, United States to permit mur
der and. disorder on the isthmus. • -i .: ;
In some respects Jt'- is fortunate^ that ¦.Colombia's' policy
takes^hat shape/for it will be^difficult foWan'y. self-respect-
QUEER COLOMBIA.
FEDERAL PRISONER— M. G. R,,
City. If for good and sufficient reasons
It becomes necessary for a Federal
prisoner to be removed from a prison
In one State to a prison in another
Ftaie. that may be done upon proper
representation to the court that sen
tenced him.
Our winter crop of burglars is now being diligently har
vested by the police. Fortunately it is being collected and
housed without any unnecessary violence or bloodshed. The
police are to 'be congratulated' on their early endeavors.
Later in the season, when the night birds have gained ex
perience with practice, there would be a needless murdesing
of 'citizens who have scruples against being separated from
their property.
MOUNTAINS— N.. City. The height
of Mount Hercules In the North Range
of New Guinea is given In several geo
graphical works aa 32.786. and that of
Mount Everest In the Himalaya Range
at 23 002 feet.
Answers, to Queries.
CLEVELAND-R. I* M-. City. The
city of Cleveland, Ohio, was named af
ter General Moses Cleveland, agent of
the Connecticut Land Company In 1796.
its founder. Grover Cleveland was born
at Caldwell. N. J., In 1837.
Notes From St. Louis.
A monster Iron statue of Vulcan
•weighing twenty tons will be erected
by Alabamfc, in the mines and metal
lurgy building at the World's Fair. This
colossal statue will be forty-five feet
high and It will ; be a work\of art. It
will be cast entirely of Alabama iron,
which runs like bronze in a liquid
state, and will be covered with a coat
of shellac. It will cost ?1 0,000, and after
the World's Fair will be erected In one
of the principal parks of Birmingham
as a permanent monument.
The grounds surrounding the Ken
tucky State building at the World's
Fair will be laid out In the most artis
tic manner. Large flower beds of
cannas, roses, geraniums, etc., will be
planted in suitable places. The lawn
will be of the finest blue grass, which
will be sown this fall to make a heavy
sod by springtime. Rustic bridges and
I log cabins will adorn the most pictur
esque spots. Evergreens and shrubbery
will be sent from Kentucky: in . fact,
everything planted to beautify the
grounds and ornament the building will
be obtained In Kentucky.
The Hottentots.
The Hottentots, who are giving th«
German authorities in" Southwest Af
rica some trouble at present, are a cu
rious, wizened< yellow-faced tribe. As
far back as 1794 -a native regiment of
Hottentots was enrolled in Cape Colony,
by General Craig, and the present Cape
Mounted Rifles Is their lineal descend
ant. The Cape Colony Hottentots had
always been a cause- of anxiety to the
goveVnment, and In 1810 the last of their
chiefs who had authority, in the Cape
was deposed and sentenced to penal ser
vitude in chains for life. He escaped
into Kaffirland, but was recaptured and
sent as a convict to New South TVales,
where he died in 18S0. The Hottentot
is lazy, careless, and of light but active
build. There are about 73,000 of them
in the Cape Colony, but they are most
unlikely to give the authorities any
trouble in connection with the rislns of
their kinsmen In German territory. '
Kentucky Colonels.
In the Senate cloakroom one after
noon last winter some one began chaf
fing Senator Blackburn on the exceed
ingly great numbers of "Generals,"
"Majors" and "Colonels" dwelling in
the State of Kentucky. Mr. Blackburn
•took the chaff In good part; indeed, h«
even added to the merriment.
"A gentleman from Georgia who was
visiting Lexington," he attests, "was
presented to a Major Titherington of
that place. The Georgian, whose fam
ily has always been more or less In
clined to the military, was charmed by
the geniality of his new acquaintance,
and, as Southerners are accustomed to
do under such circumstances, began to
question him as to his antecedents.
Eventually they discovered that they
were 'kin' In greater or less degree.
" 'Now, tell me,' said the Georgian,
'how you gained the rank of major— in
the Civil War, I presume?'
" 'No, sir,' replied the majpr.
"'Oh, I see!' responded the other,
'then you were perhaps in the volunteer
service during the recent little affair
with Spain?' ..
" 'No, sir,' said the major, imperturb
ably, 'to tell you the truth, sir, I am
called "Major" because I married the
widow of "the late Ma]or Sparks!*" —
Saturday Evening Post..;;,
More Boxing Hints.
BX ALBERT PAYSOX TERHUNE.
[Athletic Expert New York Evening; 'World.
Author of "Muscle Euildinr." Etc.J
(Copyright, 1903. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Boxing, as you have already seen,
depends fully as much on defensive as
on aggressive work. The man who de
fends himself badly is at the mercy of
any ordinarily good opponent. Whereas
the man whose attack is poor, but
whose defense is excellent, will often
\\in against a far more "showy" antag-
To-day's lesson, therefore, will deal
with the art of "ducking."
The sidestep, as. we have seen, car
ries the whole body-out of danger. The
"duck," on the other hand, protects
only the head. Often there is no time
to sidesfeD, and it Is not expedient to
guard with either hand. In such an in
stance the "duck" is a veritable boon
to the hard-pressed boxer.
In ducking (as in sidestepping and in
swinging) everything depends ¦ on
speed, timeliness and perfect accuracy.
An awkward or- tardy execution of this
maneuver, or a duck at a crisis when
a guard with, the arm or a sidestep are
called for may lead to unpleasant con
sequences and may give the other man
Just the opening he has been playing
for. . . ?
If you study this lesson with especial
care, however, and follow faithfully its
instructions, you will, with a little
practice, easily master the art of duck
ing and will learn to avoid the few
pitfalls It sometimes involves.
Put on the gloves and let us begin.
(Remember, when drawing on the
"mitts" to use as much care and gen
tleness of treatment as though you
were donning your 53 550 Sunday pearl
kid gloves. In this way your boxing
gloves will last twice as long. It's not
boxing that knocks gloves to pieces
nearly so much as it is the carelessness
with which they are put on and off.)
Take the first position. On guard!
Go through all the points we have
studied up to the present, beginning
with the straight left lead for the
face. These "back lessons" must- all
be gone through with, dally, and es
pecially before taking up any new
points.
There are two regular ducks. They
are known as the "straight duck" and
the "duck to the side." We will take
up the "straight duck" first.
Let your sparring partner lead for
your face with his left As he loads
throw your hoad t<vlhe left and slight
ly forward. Throw it far enough to
the loft to enable it to avoid the other
man's lead, and then bring it around
In a sort of circle, still following the
leftward trend and bringing the hea-i
around until it completes the circle and
is once more in its normal position.
I can better make this clear by ask
ing you to try a little experiment. Hold
the. forefinger of the left hand vertical.
Now poke the forefinger of the right
hand at it vertically, aiming for the
top knuckle. As you do so describe a
circle with the end of the forefinger
of the left hand, bUII holding it verti
cally. You will see that. this finger tip
fs thus thrown forward as it nears the
end of the first half of the circle, and
that it returns to its former vertical
position as it completes its circle.
Meanwhile, however, the other forefin
ger which was aimed at it has missed
it entirely. The left forefinger tip cir
cled completely around it without be
ing touched.
'That is Just the way your head should
avoid a straight lead when you duck
straight. Throw the head to the left,
remember, In all straight ducks, and
let it come around, forward In a large
enough circle to avoid the blow.
Always duck quickly, yet never too
soon. For your sparring partner may
merely be "felntjng" to make you duck,
and if you fall into the trap he may
land on you at will while your eyes
are temporarily oflf his face. If you
duck too late you run into his blow.'
. When ducking a swing or a. hook re
member that the blow is not "traveling
straight forward, but is taking a sort
of half circle at right angles to the cir
cle your head is describing. 'Therefore
If you bring your head back to its nor
mal position. before the swing or hook
has wholly passed by, you are liable to
receive the full force of the blow on
your head or face. Many an amateur
has been knocked out through this mis
calculation. The ."duck to the side" we
will take ud in next Friday's issue.
A VERBATIM report is supplied by the Sacramento
Bee of an, address delivered by Governor Pardee to 1
the Sacramento city and county teachers which
easily rank3 in the forefront of utilitarian talks. The Gov\
ernor's theme was "The Eyes of School Children," in which
countless thousands of parents are directly concerned. "I
take it," said Governor Pardee, speaking as a Governor, a
¦physician and a citizen, interested in all three capacities in
the public schools and the children attending them, "that
your duty toward these children is not discharged when you
listen to their recitations, mark their examination papers
and send home their report cards for the signature of their
parents. It is necessary in my- judgment that you exercise
due care not only in the making of sound minds but also
sound bodies."
What followed was a feeling plea for the children. "Many
a child," said Governor Pardee, "who cannot properly see
the blackboards, who cannot plainly see the print in the
books, whose efforts at seeing may be painful, gives up the
unequal struggle and quietly accepts the verdict of 'stupid'
rendered against him by those who come in contact with
him. Others rebel against the unjust charges and become
school Ishmaelites. So, I say, the question- of your chil
dren's eyes is a* most important matter. Upon it frequently
hangs the future success or w;ant thereof of children in our
schools."
This eminently practical topic, which was dealt with at
considerable length, attracted and held the attention of the
educators assembled. As the teachers represented only one
section of the State and the subject is one of universal ap
plication and equally engrossing to all educators and to all
parents who have children in the public schools some addi
tional points from the address are selected for their im
portance for publication here.
Governor Pardee said children often go into the lower
grades of the schools with perfect eyes and normal vision
and in- a year or two their eyes begin to trouble them. They
have headaches and eye pains and cannot see well and begin
to drop behind in their school work. In other words,, while
their eyes were congenitally perfect they have acquired eye
trouble. Putting glasses on children was declared not to be
a fad but a necessity. "They are as much a necessity to the
children's eyes as are crutches to broken legs."
No child, said the Governor, should be permitted to sit
doubled up at a desk holding a book not more than six
inches from his eyes. To hold the book nearer than four
teen,, sixteen or eighteen inches from the eyes is* an ocular
crime. "I come here to-day," said he, "to preach to you in
the interest of the children the gospel of sit up straight." He
went on to say:
"To* aid your little people in .acquiring the proper reading
distance habit see to it that the smaller children are not
seated at the larger and higher desks and be equally careful
that the larger children are not seated at the smaller and
lower desks. Either misfit of child to desk is a •scholastic
abomination and should not be allowed. I know of no more
unhygienic practice than that of having school children seated
according to their individual rank in their studies, their po
sitions in the schoolroom changing as they ascend or descend
on" the roll of honor. Rank in school should not determine
the desks that scholars should occupy. Length of leg and
height of body, should always determine that. And any
scholar compelled to sit either with his" knees doubled up
under his chin or his feet dangling in the air or his desk
under his chin or beyond; his easy reach has or ought to
have'the privilege of visiting an equal torture upon his un
observing teacher." .*/: .;,-..
EYES AND EDUCATION. .
Hunting Mamma.
The officers told the Judge of the
Juvenile Court that they had first seen
the little fellow "on Turk street. It was
midnight; the rain was coming down In'
torrents and a wind was blowing that
cut like a knife and caused even -the
warmly clad officers to shiver and
shake. "He was dressed:. Just as you
see him now, Judge," continued the
'• officers, "and seemed to be doing noth
' ing but foaming the streets*.-- So we
; arrested him and took him -in out of the
•cold."
""What were you doing on the streets
so late, my little man?" asked the
Judge in a kindly manner and putting
his hand on the boy's head.
"I was looking for my mamma," cried
the boy; "she lives on that street. She
did not come to see me last week at
the Orphan Asylum at San Mateo and
.1 was lonesome."
"San, Mateo?" queried the Judge.
"How did you reach the city?"
"Please, sir," the urchin replied, sob
bing afresh, "I walked." *:-,
'A Mother's Trust.
Tlmeworn. weather-beaten, with dim.
bleared eyes,.
• His face like the map of the Country
of Sin * " r
Knowing no hop* and winning no prize.
Callous without and hardened withln-»-
Room for him* still on the great high
way! * . • .
Comrade of shame and tfompanion *of
woe;
Look where he staggers and softly 8*7: ,
"Mother believed In him long ago." ¦
A wee babe, on her bosom he lay
And gently she chanted an old. ¦tcmV
song: : ¦¦-•-¦"
"Hushaby, lullaby;" ever, alway,
¦ His white angels "guard thee from er
'.-'. ror and wrong."
And his lips* were aa pure as a thoueht
of Ood. . .
And his eyes were bright, that are
heavy and dim, .* .*
As the sleep-angels bore him, o'er fie!ds
untrod.
There where the twilight was singing
Its hymn. :w«.-Vi
Timowom. weather-beaten — and yet she
dreamed. . " '
"With love in her eyes, as a mother
must;
And she saw where the sunlight over
him streamed.
And the prayer in her heart was. the
prayer of trust.
A mother believed in him. long ago —
This is his passport to heights of
peace.
Where we walk no more with error and
woe.
And the pain and the travail forever
cease. ~*
Only a wreck, 'mid the wrecks of m*n.
Crushed in the battle; lost, forlorn. "
Staggering on. through mire and fen.
Yet to hope's heritage he was born.'
Make room for him. then, on -the_ great
highway!
Whither .'twill lead him we may not
''.:' know. * , V^*
Out of the maze of doubt and dismay.
Since a mother believed, in him. Ions
ago. — Atlanta Constitution.
The' baby republic of Panama, speaking through men that
have no rational right to be her spokesmen, believes that
the question of sovereignty and security will be solved by the
possession of a few warships. It might' be safe to» give
Panama a keg of gunpowder, a fuse and a match. She will
be taught probably in good time that children must not play
with dangerous, toys.
PoiL'cr of Sand Dunes. — j
BT GEORGE FREDERICK WRIGHT. A. M..
LL. D.
• Author of 'Th* Ice Aze in Xorth America,
"Man and the Glacial Period." etc.)
<Cop>right, 1908. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Those who live in the well-watered
portions of the world, where rich vege
tation covers the surface and protects,
it from the denuding force of the wind,
ran have little realizing sense of the
effectiveness of this ever-active geo
: gical agency. Yet even in some well
watered regions dunes are familiar
phenomena. Dunes are simply "drifts"
»>f sand, closely resembling the snow
drifts of winter, and protection against
them is secured by similar means. As
in snowy regions one sees long lines of
close board fences some distance from
the windward side of the railroad to
stop the drifting enow on its
onward career, so he may in
many places see windbreaks to
ftop the drifting sand. But in many
i&ses where a windbreak Is not suf
ficient a constant force of workmen Is
necessary to remove the Band from the
track at stated intervals or after every
unusually severe storm. At such places
the railroad companies, . to their sor
row, learn the enormous power of this
constantly acting geological force in
transferring finely comminuted earthy
mate'rial.froro one place to another.
One of the best known "ocalities for
observing dunes is found on the South
eastern shore of Lake -Michigan. Near
ly all. if not all, .the . railroads ap
proaching Chicago from the east pass
through this series of dunes as they
come around the southern end of the
lake-. Many of the dunes are .very
fresh, with no covering of vegetation,
and rise, like enowdrifts, fifty feet or
more above the general level'. Others
are of euch age that they have been
covered more or less with vegetation,
trees of considerable Bize feeing found
upon them. But in all cases the ac
tion of the wind, in moving the sfcnd
southward from the lake, is evident.
The wind blowing from the north keeps
an exposure of bare sand upon that
*ide and drifts it over into exposures
at equally bare sand upcm the outer
margin. The -width of this belt of
dunes around -the .south end of Lake
Michigan averages a little more than
one mile. The material, being clean
washed sand.- is unfit- for agricultural
purposes, and the area is occupied by
very few houses, and those mostly be
longing to railway employes.
The source of the material of which
>hese dunes are composed and the rate
cf it-» movement are Subjects of great
interest. ' r he sand is derived, in the
f:rst place, from the shores of the lake
farther reith, which are constantly be
ir.s eaten into by the waves and cur
t* r.ts. All* along the western shore,
from Evanston to Racine, the waves
&»e wearing away the shore at an av
erage rate of three or four feet per an
ram. The material that falls into the
l^kes from the bluffs thus eroded is
worked over by the waves until th«
very finest particles are washed out
ai:c! floated into deep water, while th»
t r,d remains near the shore and is
gradually, washed southward by the
prevailing currents. Every one in
i'hicago knows how land Is forming on
the shore, giving rise to legal contests
us to ownership. From observations of
the United States engineers i.t was
found that 129,000 cubic yards of sand
tvere annually stopped by the two piers
¦which -were extended out into the lake
to deep water. This vast amount rep
resented, however, but a fraction of the
v.hole amount of sand that was being
carried by the currents past Chicago
to the south end of the lake.
On reaching the south end of the lake
the sand Is washed up by the waves
during etorms and left for a. consid
erable portion of the year exposed to
the action 'of the winds, which have
drifted it out Into the belt of dunes,
with which so large a portion of the
traveling public is familiar. But owing
to the fact that the prevailing winds cf
this region are westerly the largest
accumulation of dunes Is found upon
the east shore, in Michigan. Travelers
upon the Michigan Central Railroad
cannot fail to have noticed these great
drifts of eand, nearly 1M feet high, at
Michigan City. This belt of dunes,
about a quarter of a mllfwide, rising
sometimes to more than 100 feet in
height, extends northward ajl along the
shore, being specially prominent at St.
Joseph and Grand Haven. In many
places they threaten to overwhelrn
Tvhole villages and to compel the rail
roads to remove their tracks to get out
of the way of the drifting material,
while In some cases houses and forests
have been burled out of sight.
It has been profltable # to dwell thus
fully upon the dunes around the south
cistern portion of Lake Michigan, not
because they are th* largest or the
most conspicuons in the world, but be
cause they are the most accessible and
the best known to the people of the
United States. In some respects a Btill
more Interesting belt of dunes occurs
In Western Nebraska, stretching nearly
across the northern part of the State,
approximately parallel with the course
of the North Platte River, but at a
Distance of many mile? "from it. This
consists of a belt of sand hills a half -
relatives of her mother and of her hus
band endeavored jo have her put un
der restraint, but the courts invariably
decided In her favor, declaring that
while -she was odd she was quite keen
witted enough to manage her own af
fairs.
It had been hoped that she would be
queath the numerous relics of Dante,
which she had inherited as the last of
the house^ of Allghierl, to some of the
museums *or public Institutions, either
of Florence'.or of Rome. But they all
passed into* the possession of her ex
footman, and the legal proceedings In
stituted to UDset her will resulted "la
defeat.— Marquise de Fontenoy.
THE- entire scope of the frauds', corruption, mistakes
and maladministration in the Postoffice Department
is now before 'the country in Mr. BristowV report and
in President Roosevelt's vigorous and clear epitome.- The
evidence shows that these criminal indirections began under
the second administration of Mr. Cleveland and have con
tinued under three ensuing administrations and under three
different. Postmasters General, of whose personal integrity
there is no room to doubt.
One gratifying sidelight thrown on the affair is the de
veloped fact that Congressman Loud^ chairman of the
Postoffice Committee of the House, instigated and advised
this investigation,. and procured an appropriation of; money
for that purpose. He, like any public man, may have had
those under him who traded on their contact,. but there is
every evidence that he had reason to believe that the de
partment was being misused to despoil the Government,
and, acting upon that belief, set in motion the inquiry
which has probed the matter to the bottom.
In a matter that reaches so far, and involves the rela
tions of so many officials "and so many private individuals,
it is only natural that many may seem to have, had guilty
knowledge and criminal relations with the heads of the
scheme who are innocent ai wrongdoing. Their connec
tion,* while innoceiTt; may be a misfortune, though their
reputations are subject to,, vindication as the cases pro
ceed.
In its large outline the case is one in which the Gov
ernment, outside of its proper political functions, is engaged
in a vast business, making necessary immense contracts for
transportation and for supplies of merchandise of many
kinds. The annual expenditures in carrying on thi$ busi
ness amount to nearly one hundred millions. The persons
employed in it number about one hundred and thirty thou
sand.* It is not so managed as to support itself. Its expen-,
ditures per capita" of our population amount to $i" 36; its.
'income is only $1 20 per capita per annum. The defi
cit, has to be made good by annual appropriations from
If it were run as a private business it would be wholly
supported by the revenue derived from those who patronize
it. But as -long as the facility exists for -charging off its
deficits to the general taxpayers the annual deficit will ap
pear.. It is an example of' the opportunities afforded by
the Government being in business. Members of Congress
seek popularity by cheapening the postal service to those
who " use it. So we have a progressive cheapening of
stamps, and cost per pound in the express business done
by mail, in the commission on money orders and in the
carrying of second class matter for the benefit of the
patrons o\ the business, while there is not a corresponding
reduction in the expense of running it. All deficits go
into the postal deficiency appropriation and are footed by
the taxpayers.
We have here a situation which invites corruption, and
since the early history of\thc department the invitation has
been accepted, under all parties and all administrations.
The present condition the department, as disclosed by
Bristow's report, is simply the explosion of operations that
.have been going on for ten or fifteen years. It has seemed
to be impossible for such colossal. business operations to be
efficiently managed arid safeguarded by the Postmaster
General.' He has, as a member of the Cabinet, to share
in the properly political functions of the Government. Mat
ters of patronage engross his time and attention, and the
outline and detail of the vast business of his department
have to be committed to subordinates, who may or may
not be selected for their integrity or fitness. They are so
numerous and their duties so intricate, and their extension
to contacts with the business of the country so far reaching,
that the head of the department cannot hope to •, inform
himself of either.
The general auditing system of the treasury, applied to
the political part of the Government's functions, is, as far
as they are concerned, an efficient check, but even this
seems to fail when it deals with the Postoffice Department,
and to fail because it is a business. To illustrate the differ
! ence between business as carried on by a corporation and
by the Government: In the business of the Pullman Car
Company, amounting to millions every year, account is
kept of every cake of soap, every piece of bed clothing,
every towel, comb and hairbrush. The general average of
every car in the use of these supplies is known, and any
aberration is immediately examined. If an increase in use
appear the reason has to be known and the consumption
satisfactorily accounted for.
In the transaction of the postoffice business no such sys
tem appears, so we. have a sudden increase in the use of
a special kind of ink. amounting.to $10,000 a year; in mani
folding supplies of $40,000; in other articles of $3,000,000;
in a mail bag fastener of $130,000; automatic cash registers,
$74,275; and so on through the list of merchandise, great
and small, in which the Government was compelled to
deal in its business, and the system of audit does not seeni
to have noted the aberration from the average, or to have
been capable of finding the^reason for its existence. A pri
vate corporation can trace a cake of soap or a coarse
comb. The Government is incapable of finding a leak of
$3,000,000! »
These frauds that are revealed will be punished. ' The
President means what he says. It falls to his lot to correct
abuses that were begun when he was a private citizen and
that had accumulated to their existing volume before he be
came President. Let us hope that out of it will come pun
ishment of the guilty, vindication of the innocent, , and,
what is of equal importance, ah enlightened attempt to in
vest this Government business "with business safeguards.
• 'A Young Incorrigible.
A well-known resident of Alameda,
the father of three children, is never
tired of telling of- the many hairbreadth
escapes from death suffered by his
youngest, a, sturdy boy .about 8 years
of aee. ... ,
Last Saturday he wore a particularly
worried look and a friend whom he met
on' the ferryboat" asked him the cause.
"It's the boy, I suppose, George," he
said.
"Yes, it's the boy again." said
George/ "That boy will be the death
of me yet. Two- weeks ago I warned
h,im not to go near a neighbor's house
because, one of the youngsters, a
schoolmate of my lad, had diphtheria.
Of course as soon as I left the house
my boy did Just what I told him not to
do. He trotted right over to the for-,
bidden house to find out for himself
just how sick his playmate was and
three days later was taken sick. Well,
•we managed to save him and for sev
eral days we have had a rest. This
morning, however, "while my -wife and
I were -busy he managed to sneak out.
We did not know ha was gone until a
ring came at the door, and we opened
it to find a neighbor with the little fel
low, soaking wet from heels to head,
in his arnys.
"We managed despite our .fright to
give him a warm bath and tuck him
into bed. 'Didn't I tell yoa, you little
rascal,' I said to him, 'never to go near
the beach alone?' He looked at me a
minute and then sat up, put his arms
around my neck and whispered:
'Papa, I ain't been to no beach. I jest
fell down Willie Smith's well/ "
mile or so in* width, which is slowly
traveling eastward across the State.
The prevailing southwest •winds are
constantly blowing the. material from
that side-. and drifting it over to. the
northeastern side, thus gradually shift
ing the line of the .belt. So irregular
are the d.rifts, however, that innumera
ble hollows are left between them; and
so slow is 1he movement that vegeta
tion covers their slopes and water is
preserved In them; hence they furnish
favorite centers for ranchmen.*
The ari<J lands of Utah and Arizona
and other portions of the great West
afford "innumerable Illustrations of the
activity of wind in drifting sani into
regions distant from its original source
of supply. The desert of Sahara, Ara
bia and the region about the Red Sea
are covered with such moving drifts,
but most attention has been attracted
to them in the more thickly settled por
tions of Europe, where they have occa
sioned the population an immense
amount of trouble. The coast of Nor
folk in England is fringed with sand
hills fifty or sixty feet in height, where
in more than one instance whole vil
lages and ancient churches have been
buried by the material. In Eccles the
village church in 1839 was almost com
pletely hid by the drifting sand which
enveloped it, while thirty years later
the Fame wind which had buried the
church uncovered it and exposed it to
view uoon the other side of the dune.
The churches of St. Piran and Gwith
ian In Cornwall passed through similar
experiences, while in 1668 a part of San
ton (Sandtown), near Thetford, was
overwhelmed by sand which hacl been
slowly blown In from fl%*e miles to the
west. In the course of a century this
dune had traveled four miles and
spread over 1000 acres of land.
ing American to consider such a remarkable proposition
unless* £he Panama junta should decide that she will peace
fully surrender her de facto "sovereignty, return to Colom
bia and get now, under this offer, the completion of the
canal, which has been her stefdy purpose. If she do this
we could "hail ° Colombia as restored to sound and disposing
mind and memory, take her at her word and the canal
without money and withoufprice. Otherwise this offer will
go into history among the curiosities of diplomacy, and evi
dence of the repentance of an international dog in the man
ger. Panama is not heard from' in the matter. The offer
may divide the isthmians and may prove to be a test of their
steadfastness and statesmanship."
The Panama situation continues to hold the stage
among our domestic questions. It is evident that .the
Democratic press of the Southern States will not support
the proposed partisan attack on the President. Journals
in Memphis and other Southern commercial centers re
gard the Panama revolution as offering to thb country an
opportunity of which statesmanship should take, advantage,
and do not indorse the narrow partisan view that.it must
be neglected or seizing it denounced because the national
administration is Republican. These papers 'warn Southern
members of Congress to look before they leap and to be
ware lest they become obstructionists of the canal and try
to create a situation that* will indefinitely defer that great
work. All these are sighs of hopeful independence, which
will impress the public opinion of the whole country.
' 'THE POSTAL FRAUDS.
THE SAN ; : FRAplliSClLL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . ./'•. ¦ .: . ... .Address All Commanicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
............ ..^
_..„__. . , r • , DECEMBER i, 1003
TUESDA\ ............. v • • • • • * * *.* ••.•'•••' * ' • -• •••••••'•;
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; v. DECEMBER .1.- 1903.
King Edward has decided that he; will riot race his horses
at the St. Louis Exposition. He evidently understands far
better than some busybody who sent the invitation from
the; exposition' city .the ,wide difference between the dignity
of a Prince and that of 'a King*" ¦ 7; : : , ! ••
Leonard Wood maybe confirmed by-the -United States
Senate as a major general of the United States 'army, but
his coat will not be as spotless as it; wife. It) is 'regrettably
very evident that General Wood has done some very small
things to accomplish a big purpose. 1
REGISTRATION— O. S., City. If a
man entitled to registration, goes before
the proper officer for the purpose of be
ing registered in order to be enabled to
vote, he* -ha3 to take an oath that all
answers to questions askeil him are
true. If he .deliberately makes a false
statement, . and that can be proved, he
is subject to prosecution for perjury.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nics present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses a r.d public, men by thb
Press Clipping Bureau JCAllen's). 230 CaU
fwnia street. Telephone Main IOC. •
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMAN
6Horace seemed to be improving at the
dty and County Hospital and strong
hopes were entertained for his recovery,
but yesterday he ¦ suddenly took a turn
for the worse and died;
Poor Mrs. O'Hare Is almost frantic with
grief over her terrible loss. Kind neigh
bors are doing their utmost to assuage
ber agony in the hours of her overwhelm
ing affliction.
Little Horace, the last of the six children
of Eugene O'Hare, passed away yester
day morning. He was taken HI on Octo
ber 7 with measles, and Jrom him his
brother and sisters contracted the dis
ease. Then whooplruj cough set In, and
one by one the little -ones succumbed to
the combination of maladies and were laid
to rest.
t.art OF (yHAEE CHILDREN
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
Little Horace Goes to Join Brother
and Sisters and Home Is
Desolate.
NEW YORK, Nov. SO.— Henry Walter, pro
prietor of the Hotel- Cambridge, Thirty-third
ctreet and Fifth avenue, died to-nlgnt of a.
paralytic * trok *Iig£|j
Aged Mexican Dies in_Fire.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 30.— An aged
Mexican who lived alone in a tent about
live miles »south of town. was found this
morning tff have been' burned »to death
during the night. There is no clew to the
circumstances of the tragedy. The man
was about H> years old and nothing Is
known of his history or name.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— The Unit
ed States Government has given direc
tions looking to the recognition of King
Peter Karageorgevitch of Servia. .Min
ister Jackson already has received his
credentials as Minister of the United
States to Belgrade,, and "it is said at the
State Department that it is merely a
question of a short time when he will
present those credentials in person at
the Servian court. The fact that Jack
son also Is Minister to Greece and Rou
mania is said to account for the delay
in establishing relations with Servia.
America Recognizes King Peter.
WASHINGTON, Nov. SO.— President
Roosevelt had a talk to-day with Rep
resentative Cushman of Washington
concerning the latter's recent trip to
Alaska. Cushman strongly urged upon
the President the desirability of ac
cording to Alaska some of the demands
of that Territory. He said It should
have at least one. delegate in the House
to look after Its interests and suggested
that Congress should make a consider
able appropriation for roads. The Pres
ident assured Cushman that he would
do all that he could to' advance the in
terests of the great Territory. ° :^:-.
Alaska Interests President.
¦SAX BERNARDINO, Now 30.-*A youth
name** Fred Connor was "run over by a
Santa Fe overland train at Oro Grande
late last night and died here In the hos
pital to-day from the shock. The wheels
cut off one leg and an arm. The bdy and
two brothers from Waynesboro, Pa.,
vere beating their way to California to
tlslt an aunt v named Mrs. Rose B. CTutcs,
at Redlahds.
Boy Killed by a Train.
j OREGOX QITY, Nov. 30.— While attend
ing a reception, to the Rev. Hilt Brand,
pastor of St. John's Catholic Church # ln
this city, last nigHt, C. B. Floyd, superin
tendent oi the spinning room of the Ore-,
iron CJty Manufacturing Company,
dropped dead of heart dlsetwe. Floyd -was
about '65 years of . age and leaves a, wife
and-'two children- in San Joee.'CaL, from
which place he came here two months
ago. The body w*ill be sent to San Jose
for burial. " •
Drops Dead at a Reception.
. Fifteen warrants have been lssu-d for
W. A. Denecke. cashier; X. S. Bristol
president, both residents of Casper, and
Charles Weston. a stockholder, charging
them with having received money after
they knew the institution was Insolvent.
, A ' £???** V**™* ¦«>•» that the
stockholders will settle In full with the
depositors and will Immediately reorgan
ize the bank into a national Institution
The amount on deposit hi the bank vheii
t£ n ££ Sed i ts # doors was approximately
$50,000, and of this $43,000 is said to have
been drawn out by the Denecke and
"VVrljTht Sheep Company and X. 6. Bris
tol & Co., grocers, who gave unsecured
notes to cover the -drafts.
DOUGLAS.- Wyo.\ Nov.
\N eston. State Audlttfr of Xebraaka who
was arrested- here at . request of the Xa
trona County authoflties on Charges con
nected with the closing- of tne Denecke
Bank of Casper, in wh^ch he is interest
ed, says the affairs of the- bank will be
adjusted to the entire satisfaction of the
stockholders., " . ? • •
Wyoming Institution Will Be Reor
ganized, but Its Despoiiers Will-
Be Punished.
BANK DEPOSITORS
WILL NOT STTFFEB
MAXIACWIIOIS PERSISTEXT
IX ATTEMPT TO SEE THE
PRESIDENT.
War Department Appoints- Examin
•: ing Board to Meet at Ord Bar
racks^-Postal ;Changes.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— The fol
lowing orders .have been issued at
Washington:
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Charles T. E. Smith", Somis;
Charles" E. • Cook,- San Martin.
..Oregon— Wiley E. ' Miller, ' • Looking
Glass. . :
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — Thomas W. Fuquay, Po
trero. Sari Diego County, .vice Joseph
L. "Thing, resigned;' Fred Ohrt, Prize.
CoLusa" County, vice' John Widderich,
resigned. • "
' Army orders — The following examin
ing board" will meet at Ord Barracks,
Cal.: Lieutenant Colonel . Edward
B. /Pratt of the Fifteenth Infantry;
Cap.tain Edward Lloyd of the Fifteenth
Infantry.* Captain William N. Blow
Jr. of the Fifteenth Infantry; First
Lieutenant Frank C. Baker, Assistant
Contract Surgeon Frank H. Titus, First
Lieutenant F. G. Knabensue of the
Fifteenth Infantry.
Second Lieutenant Gustave A.
Welser of the Fifteenth 'Infantry has
been ordered before this board for ex
amination for promotion.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, Nov.; 30. —Charles Thei
son, who was arrested for writing ram
bling letters to President Roosevelt,
was to-dav declared • insane.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.—Informa
tion has reached the White House that
Peter Olson Elliott, who created so vio
lent a scene in the vestibule of the
."vVTiite House several weeks ago, is
either, again in Washington or' eji route
to this city. He eseaped from the asy
lum In St. Paul, where he was sent to
be confined, and until advices were re-,
ceived here about his coming to Wash
ington no trace o'f him had been dis
covered. Police and secret service offi
cers will use every endeavor to prevent
him getting near the President; '
¦man :\ -a : v -terti-bJe. . b!ow. : pa'-, .the
¦face. _. ,'¦ wi.th ¦:'.• his •!•' Lantern, ' fe'ruis
iTYg 'and' -burning 'hifn.'The other men
: cl>mbed' .up'.-xh'e cars. .in the darkness,
Shelley and- -his- men took the Injured
.p'risoner-.and locked him. up in the ca
fe6qse.'...It vras'then b\it- a short run to
yiiiiitn-. .and .jii^f befo.re the '. "train
.•reached-'that; •station, the engineer slow
.e"d''.down . and stopped.- ¦ Then the
•tjaihps .fdusd-. themseryes-. surround;
-ed". \ by • ." a. • po.sse,; . The- ". . tramps
stternpied' to beat' off the members' c.f
the "jparty with sticks and stones and
Verne tssea' their grun.s, but a few shots
into." the- ;cr<"wvd.- stepped, the figh't, al
though, .about half- °r>f the tramps
escaped m the darkness. Twenty-one
Vefe rounded up ;and p^'aced under ar
rest: Before" they could be locked up In
*he -box cars' another fipht. ensued' and
all but' twelve made their" esca-pe. .The
•twejve were brought to Tucson and
Lodged in- jali, where they a-wa.it trial.
Outgoing train crews are .supplying
themsf lves' .with, arms to- prevent . a
repetition of the hold-up. .
TUCSON. Ariz., Nov. -30. — Forty
trarrps, traveling across the .country,
took complete possession of an east
bound Southern Pacific freight train at
Maricopa last r.iphi and only' pave up
poEsession after; a pitched battle with
a posse at Riilito, which had been sent
out from Tucson under Sheriff Murphy
of Pi ma County. • „" . .
The officers and posse came out-Vic
torious in 'the npht and twenty-one of
"the tramps tvere captured, but Murphy
and his men with their srrfall" force
were -only able, to" bring- in twelve of;
'tjiat number,, the "res.t. havftv? escaped
.'in ' the-, da-rknefes " before 'they could be
"locked ,Mn. -feox cars:' '¦ . " '"•".*. * •*=.-. .
• -Afe- Conductor' Ezra -Shelley .was talc-.
,'if.g- h:s. train out" ef . Mariqopa •he* dis
: CQV.e.red' tj>at about .adpzeH.'nren were
'¦ridirie\ih- :an,=empty bo>"'car and- tHat
many -Of the -.other- cars vcarrjed fro?n
*<iireie* to. -half, 'a ¦.d;ozen--tranip4. j tfjieliej--
his';.lirak^^n^iT >yere ; - unarmed.-; but.
they, "ordered- the.. nien~ -to. get' off the.
iraiR.: 4 The leader\of iih"e- gang. .-stepped
Tout, ptQduc'ed'a. pistol, aiid-iuformed.the
trainrnen-that.he'.andhi^ gang. expected'
to ride oh--the train arid that : Jf .the',
trainmen pur ijp any' - resistance /blaai
would .be.sned. ' •'.:.- - .-. • - .;'¦_'• "••; '¦'.¦¦
" Shelley saw'. that resistance with. .his
. ; linarmed : crew' -was. useless. : At'.Ca^a
•Grande, while g.ettfn'g': orders.,/ .h'eVtold'
the eperatoi: that "hi? ''train was An pps^
"JEession- of .A "gang' o'f ¦..¦dansreroiis'.;-hien
an.d-.the'..oT>eratpr" wired. to 'Tucsork'foT.
-.assistance:- ; ¦" .;' - . 'v"; ; ."-"- : : i:i j**; •':¦
V.Iri i^le.meantime Trainiriaster.-XverUI.
. .at- ¦ .Ti;csqn had gathered A -posse; under
'the Sh'eri Jf . aad ¦" tfaey wept' out to Ejl-^.
' Iltd-oria specml, -TR-tiere they waited.- foi"/
: the iripoming^ freight. On leaving"Iled r '
;'.rock' the leader of the gang,- a 'man'
named Harrrs, suspecting that a; trap
. <vas being;' set, .-ste.ppe.d' up .\o ¦Conauc
¦'lor.Shelley" afi.d '.at the.'pdiht-pf kv^iin
.' warned him that the entire crewwouia.
-bf'.kined If resistance was attempted. ".',;
. ; ,'QuJck'.' as. a ' flaslj-. Sbelley strupk." 'ilte '
Special Di*p*»ch to The Cal
Score of Men.Arxeste'd, and All but
1 a I>ozen Sncce»d in Making
% *. - Their Escape in t£e
Darkness.
Arizona Officers Have Battle
With -Crowd 'at a
•'". * *' Station.
"The Tacoma Is 252. feet in- length Over,
the draugkt Une| 44-foot beam, 31 feet
depth, 15.9 draught and carries engines
capabl.e of developing. 4700-horsepower.
Her displacement Is 3200. tons. * •""
• The'Tacoma's battery consists 'of ten
five-inch rapld-flrtTguns an'd a second
ary battery of 'slx-pounders and
two one-pounder -.rapid-fire 'guns. In
addition she has. four Colt's machine
guns. , She is propelled by two .sets of
four-crank triple expansion main e'n
glnes, one high pressure, an inter
mediate- and two loy-pressufe cylind
ers. She has six w"ater-tube bollenf
with a total heating" surface. of 13,200
square feet- •• •'-. ..."
The Tacoma sailed this . evening;;" for
San Francisco, where she will be* pre
pared to go into -commission. . :
I The Tacamo I is ' the' sfxth vessel of
her -class constructed for the United
States Navy, and she. is the first, ; it : .is
•said, ! to meet contract requirements,
the Cleveland -and the -Denver both
having failed to develop the. necessary
speed. '.- : _. .- • .
The Tacoma left 'the harbor- early
this morning for Moore's Landing,
from which point tho start was made
about 8:30 o'clock. The wind was blow
ing briskly from the southwest and a
heavy swell was running landward.
The tide was exceptionally high dur
ing last night. On the wWole, how
ever, the conditions were favorable.
The machinery of the new cruiser,
worked smoothly and nothing occurred
to mar the trial. At the conclusion
of the, run over the course of sixty- four
knots it was the unanimous opinion of
the members of 'the trial board and. the
Inspectors that the Tacoma had proved
herself a splendid boat, equal, to . the
Government requirements in every re
spect. The Government contract, called
for "a sustained average* of 16}i-" knots
an hour for four hQurs.- On the" show
ing. .of the . figures . given, out she'ex
ceeded these figures by ten-fiundredths
of. a knot,' and ihis may ..'be . Increased
wjien -.tide deductions are .made.
The course extended from a point op
•posite Moore's Landing, about eight
mlfes north of Santa Barbara, to
Point Conception, the distance being
thirty-two knots and 'return. The trial
board consisted of Admiral W. H.
Whiting, Captain J. F. Moser, Com
mander A. F. !Dlxon, A. H. Small,
Lieutenants C. M. Stone, U. T. Holmes
and Assistant Naval Constructor L. S.
Adams.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 30.— The
official trial trip of the protected
cruiser Tacoma, wfiich was built at the
Union Iron Works. San Francisco,
took place in Santa 'Barbara channel
to-day under favorable conditions. The
average speed made during the- trip
was 16.60 knots an hour, and it is be
lieved by the navigating officer that
when tide corrections are made a still
better showing will result, as there was
a heavy sea during the run dp the
coast.
F'orty Desperate No
mads Take Charge of
•/Freight Caiv . . ¦
Trial Trip, of the New Vessel
in the Channel a
Success.
Warship Tacoma Makes
a Good Run Off Santa
Barbara.
Elliott, Who Was Arrested After a Hard Struggle
While Trying to See the President, .Escapes
From St. Paul Asylum and Starts for Washington
Mrs. II. J. Scott. Mm. Cyrus TVaJker, Mrs.
U. Alston Williams. Mrs. G. H. Kellogg. Mrs.
G. H. Kline, Mn. J. G. Clark. Mrs. W. 8.
Watson. Mrs. C. E. Glbb«. MU« Hajilin Mr*.
A. E. I^lcher, Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Mrs. J. D.
RuKRJe*. Mr?. F. Galindo. Mrs. B. M. Weeden.
iXrr- A. P. Talbot. Mrs. E. E. Brownell. Mrs.
K. R. Bryant. Mrs. John Simpson, Mrs. F\
Galindo. Mrs. M. M. Bruce. Mrs. A. D. Rod
*r*>rs, Mrs. W. H. Kirk. Mrs. U F. Montea*le,
Mr?. R. P*U. Mrs. R. J. Anderson. Mm. Sid
ney Worth, Mr*. John Gray. Mm. FY C.
Young. Mrs." J. H. Mallett. Mrs. Philip Lans
dalc, Mrs. G. H. Powers. Mrs. A. X. Drown,
Mrs. B^ver-Pd**". Mrs. F. Beaver. Mi?s M-'ricV.
Miw B^rnie Browr*. Mt«s Eliza Kline. Miss
Helen Gibtas. Miss Ruth Anderson. Miss Ptock
rr. Mi«* Dalfy Rabin. Miss Gray. Miss Newell
tfrown. Miss Van Sicklen and MIsb Carolan.
The annual reception and sale of St.
Luke's Twenty Minute Society will be
held Wednesday afternoon and evening
at St. Luke's Church in the guild
rooms. The sales are very popular and
many beautiful articles will be placed
on sale. The art table'will have-calen
dars, brass, water colors and many de
sirable things. A fine musical pro
gramme will be given under the leader-,
ship of Wallace Sabin. Mrs. • Philip
Caduc is the efficient president and she
has been working day and night to
make the affair a success. Some of
thoFe who have assisted her are:
Part I— Piano, Gavotte. Rigaudon .from Hol
berg Suite lOri**), Mis* Fernanda Pratt: so-'
prano fohks, "Ich Liebe. Dlrti"' fGtiegr), "At
Parting" (Rogers). ••Ec*tasy" <Eearh). "It
Was a I»ver end His Lass" <Weil). Mrs. Paul
Friedhofjr: 'cello. "Itoman^e" (Svendsen),
AIlesTO . Appassionato (K&lnt-Saens). Paul
Friedhpfer: contralto sons?. "La Fiancee"
«Rene>, •.Offrande" *Hahn), "Geheirces" (Schu,
b«?rt), "Traum durch die Dammerung"
•(•Strauss), Mn>. J.- E. Birmingham.
*. Part II— T#nor rongg. "I Dare to Love Thee"
(ToirtO. J'Oh! That We Two Were Maying"
i Kevin). :W*aHer Anthony; lute, melody In F
(Rubinstein). Samuel Adelstein; contralto
Bong*, "When the L&nd Is White With Moon
light" (Nevln), "A Ballad of K<Ese»" (Sotner
vJlle). '-^ou" (Ropers). Mrs. Blnnlncham; °«o
prano «ong». "Roses" <\\*«l). "L." Amour'
(Uanlett). —Springtide" f Becker). Mr». Fri*»d
hofer. '<fello obligato Mr. Frledhofer; Miss
Mollle E. . Pratt, accompanist.
Refreshments were served after the
programme and after an informal hour
the gues°ts departed.
'/Mr. and Mrs. Ernest S. Simpson gave
a most enjoyable "at home" on Sunday
evening at their residence, 16 Lyon
street, where fifty guests were hos*
pitably entertained. - The drawing
rooms were" simply decorated with
vases of American Beauty roses and
clusters of autumn foliage: MufiJc- was
a feature of the evening and the artists
were at- their best. The programme
was as follows:
. Th&- social science department of. the
California -.Club- met yesterday after
noon, Mrs. Jacob Brandt in the chair,
to' make arrangements for the enter
tainment of the patients in "the City
and County Hospital during the Christ
mas holidays. It was decided to fur
nish ice Cream and cake to the inmates,
likewise tobacco and' pipes to the men
andperfumery to the ailing women, be
sides games such as checker boards,
ieardfc. -etci, .to all who find the days of
'conyayescence.'dull and long drawn out:
were appointed to assume
chaTge'jqir the thirteen wards on the day
of the celebration, the date of which is
;.tp" be ; decided later. The committees
..will; dispense the good things and look
"after . the. entertainment, which will
consist -of popular vocal and violin se
.lectijins, besides all. that a music box—
an up-tordato' music fcox— can do in the
.xrajvflf vocalization. .It .is whispered
that this music box may -become. .a per
manent, possession Of the hospital,- ' the;
doctors and the other authorities !jKJr-»
mitting. This feature of the work .is'
-being looked . after by Mrs. v Arthur
£crnwall: Mrs. E. C. Munson was ap
r*'inted chairman of the. committee of
arrangements.
Mrs. Hiram Smith gave a jolly birth
| day dinner for her husband on Sunday
eve'ning at their home on Devisadero
street. Red was the color .scheme
:'and carnations were the' flow
j ers chosen for the table, and
i the miniature birthday -cake, which
was .also lighted with candles.
The name cards did notbear the names,
| but 'portrayed some individual charac
| teristic 'of each guest, enabling all to
j find their places at the table. Red en
velopes decorated with miniatures held
clever verses applying to ( the peculiar
ities of each guest and 'causing no end
•of merriment. Hidden -within a pipe
was a r.e<iuest for. a speech or original
toast and the guests were as -generous
as funny in their responses. The
favors were- children's toys applying
•to the individual needs of each guest.
•The music- was excellent and after dih r
ner dancing and a gave of five-handed
euchre with prizes were enjoyed.
Mrs. Hyde Smith gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday complimentary to
Miss Dorothy Glttings of Baltimore,
who is visiting relatives in this city.
The guests were:
Miss .Gittin**, Mips Ol«a Atherton. Miss
Lucle King. Miss Frances McKinstry. Miss
Emily Wilson. Mis* El«le Tallant. M;s» Anna
Foster. Miss Helen Bowie, Mies Emily Parrott.
Mit-s Abby Parrott, Miss Marie Louise Parrott.
Mi«s Margaret Wilson, Mits Chrietlne Pcmeroy.
MIfs I.*icy Coleman. Miss Helen Chpsebrough
and Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin gave a
dinner last evening at their home in
honor of Dr. and Mrs. Guy Hunt Coch
rane of Los Angeles. Former Stanford
students of the class of '96 were promi
nent among the guests, as Dr. Coch
rane and his wife, then Miss Alice
Cowan, were educated at the univer
sity. Covers were laid for fourteen and
the decorations were American Beauty
roses. Dr. and Mrs. Cochrane will re
main in the city a week longer, during
whic> time they will be entertained.
TRAMPS HOLD
TRAIN CREW
IN TERROR
CRUISER WINS
OFFICERS' PRAISE
GUARDS AT WHITE HOUSE FEAR
RETURN OF A DANGEROUS CRANK
MERRY SEASON
ENLIVENED BY
MANY AFFAIRS
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL.' TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1903
7
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
•Mrs. Hugbson, 61 Chicago,
whose letter follows, is another
woman in high position who owes
ber health tolhe use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"DeabMb*. Pxjtxhau:— I«kuffered
for several years with general weakness
and bearinjf-down pains, caused by
womb trouble. -My appetite was poor,
and I would lie awake for hours, and
could not sleep, until I seemed more
weary in the morning- than when I re-
tired. After reading one of your adrer-
tifiements I derided to try tbe merits
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Yegetable
Compound, and I am so glad I did.
No one can describe the good it did me.
I took thrfee bottles faithfully, and be-
tides building- op my general health,
it drove all disease and poison out of
my body, and made me feel as spry and
actiTe as a young girL Mrs. Pinkham's
medicines are. certainly all they are
claimed to be. rt — Mes. M. E. Hcghsox,
347 East 0hio6U Chicago, I1L — $5000
forfeit If original ef cboce letter prvina genuine-
net* car.net te produced.
More than a million women bare re-
erained health by the use of Itfdia E.
Pinkham's Vegetabl e Compou nd.
If the slightest trouble appears
which you do not understand
\rrite to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
Mass., for her advice, and a few
timely words from her will show
you the right thing- to do. This
advice costs you .nothing, but it
may mean lifo or happiness or
ALflAMB^flgTER.
• Friday AftVma on , > 0 ec ejQ.b 8 r A, l903 t
AT 2:20 O'CLOCK. ' -t" *
MONSTER BENEFIT
PBRFORMTVNeB, V,
IX AID'OF T«E "' .' .-'• -I' '
FREEtfSRfe
•¦-. • '• ' —^of'"the-t4 j -- - '- • T7"?.'°
Wpman^Hosiiital
A' PROGRAMME'.'-BETONb"" COMPARE:! '.
' '• coNTpn:oirs.sHO\v:: • .
b 3 e.3ervi:d ' seats. :.... : . :..'. ". . .• .'.%uoa
•Now on sale at .-Sherman. Clay. 'It ¦Cn.'».
MATINEES THURSDAY 'AND .SATURDAT.
". LAST FIVE NIGHTS
•° Of. the Sew S-cenic* Melcdrama. • • •,
• ••- 0ver .. :; : -
NIAGARA FALLS
' SEE- THE MARVELOUSLY REALISTIC
NIAGARA- PALLS SCENE.'. • .
° Be&fnninl Next Sunday -'Matinee •
MARI5 HEAXW IS^am'.'
In the Delightful .Rural. .Drama,. •.
FOR MOTMERIS SAKE.
DDirpC Evening*'/. . : . ASfi.- -25c/ 50c and 73o
riVlWCj Matir^e»........-..i.V.' 23c and 50c
.^.MAGNETIC "VAUDEVILLE L^.
Hal* Godfrey and Cqinpany; »" Agnes
Mahr; Clarice Vance; Joseph New-
man; Annie Abbott; Axmenis-
•Tito Quartette; Bryant and Saville;
Searl and . Violet Allen, and Or-,
pheum Motion Pictures, Showing
. the Poachers' Fight "With th«
Gamekeepers.
Re»»rv«l Peats. 2.V: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. "60c.
A Great Show Eierj Afternoon and Eianing
' iii tbe Theater.
rNTERESTING BABIES IN THE. INTANT
. IX-CUBATORS. . :
HAMADBTASISTTKE ZOO I
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PEfNT. ARCAB«?
Stroll Throush the MIRROR MAZS.
AMATEVR THURSDAX-
"CTTten Phonir.g Art for "Th* Chntea."
MISCXLLANEOUS AXUSEMENTS.
ELtERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
EIGHT NEW SOLOISTS.
SEATS ON SALE TO-MORROW
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.'S
POPULAR PRICES -•• 25c; 5«c and 75c
CONCERTS ALUAMBRA THEATER.
SEliN^^'.Nexi Sunday Night
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Pafari* DON'T FAIL TO
laiaiW 8ee beantifol
* j ' COURT Lounging
/Hill room, tl» EMPIRE
aUU - PARLOR, tho
r « PALM ROOM, tha
llf^nfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR^ jnd.the LA.
D ± i' ' DIES* WRITING
Hotels J fo oM -
WeeHy Ci. $1.00 pTn
. AMUSEMENTS. ." " . • '
Pill' JIBS Hi I A '^^^^
xightlt; ixclttdinct sxtndat.
- - matinee satukjoat.*. .
Wm. A. Brady's TTXX 'k
Elaborate /• . ¦ \A§ ' A \#.
Production " W /"% I
of the ¦ .-, : :¦- ? I AA A
P ; DOWN
L0ttI«. ';.•.'
Blair. Parker, . __^ ." - j~lj ¦¦¦ ' ' •
U| DON'T MISS lY. ]ff"Ai '
.| LAST F\\~B XIGHTS. \M U
AT THE
OI^J) • company and th«
fmr^*~l whole Play." — A»Bton
V^f^U^^ Stevens In the Ex- t
ROADS. am '" r
Ntxt Sunday.
T1 TON* YOXSON-. \_ :;.'¦ IfpO
I The Ever Welcome Farorjtev. } L.
HE.ATKU
¦ .
ALCAZAR%^r
_- £j . General Manager.
TO-Niqjrr— matp. sat. and srcv._
• "The Alcizar Company is one of extraordi-
nary excellence.',' — Post. s
; 4 A Smile Twister arid a Tear
•.Starter."— 'Examiner.
A POOR THls
RELATION only K
An ideal performance, quaintly humorpus.
Evg.. 25e t<\75c: M.ats. Sat. & Sun.. 13c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — The Romance of. Russia.
A EOTAIi PSZSOHSB.
: Firgt Time- in San Francjgco.
CENTRALS
Market at., Near- Eighth. Phone South K3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK,
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
The Matcniflcent Melodramatic- Spectacle.
THE COUNTERFEITERS!
Ont of the Stupendous Successes of the Araerl-:
can Stage.
Heart Interest! Excitln* Plot! Thrilling
•/ -Climax**!
Abundant Comedy! Splendid Scenery!
Brilliant Cast!
DDIPEC Evenings 10o to BOe
rfiltti Matinees JOc. 15c. 25e
Monday. December 7th.
?¦!?..¦ HEW YOBg PAY BY DAT.
INSTANTANEOUS AND UNPARALLELED
SUCCESS OP THE NEW AND
I ORIGINA L.* BURIJ^QUB.
"I-O-U"
Tho Greatest of all Musical Comedies.
full of Amusing; Situations.
: New Songs, Dances and Fun Galore.
And our "AH Star" cast, including Kolb
and Dill. 'Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blak*.
Maude Amber. Ben T. Dillon. Georgia CRamey
and tho Altbea twin sisters team. (Their first
appearance here.)
> Our Beautiful Chorus of Fifty Voices.
Production Lavish in Every Detail.
Stats on Sal* Two Weeks Ahead.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Racing j38ll|^ iking!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NSW CALIFORNIA. JOCKET CLUa .'
': pg^wy Each Week Dajr. H*la or S2tt**»
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m." sharps
. ' For special trains »topp!ng at tb» track tak«
8. P. Ferry, foot o.' Market street, at IX
13:30. 1:00. 1:30 er 2 o'clock. No "^»; ta
lajt two cars, which are reserred (or Udles
and their escorts.
. Retorninr. trains Iear» track at 4:U ajul
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Presidaat.
• PERCY W... TREAT. « Secretary. ; - • ;
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual orsaas. Depot. 323 Market.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[ yjjj^jf . "j™ z~L § For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
Always Bough!
slmila ting the Food andRe^uIa- % _ .- ff
fagtheStomactearriBoweisoT | JJOdrS tll6 ff * t ~
Promotes Digcstion.Cheerfur- \ ¦ jp *Y 1A#
ness and Rest.Contains neither u . n f ir* jK 9 P
Opium^forphine nor^Uneral. 3 Ul jf}\ \LT
Isot Harcotic. ¦ | • mVWp'
I^oftXda-SAMVILPiTCHER | ""V"*~.
Aperfecl Remedy for Constipa- | I Vr UOU
Fion. Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea '*& I ttft/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- j|| I SsT^ • §"«*» UtirnK
ness andLoss of Sleep. | -801 U V C I
TacSiiralc Signature of [ •
<&&ffz^ i Thirtu YparQ
XE\V YQRK. | % Illlliy. lUUlO
Tut ciimuii'eeaiPiiT. new Tekx cnr.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
l^'^^W^vJ ¦ ' San 'Francisco, Nov. 30,1903 ¦ -¦ " ; • ¦/ -' 7?^^
ni WE ARE SACRIFICING THE ENTIRE STOCK OF KSlii
P^|a THE PAIffE PIANO CO.
iii^^ffefil We have secured the $15,000.00 stocK o! the Paige
p^SSl^Ut3 Piano Co. and are sacrificing it at from 50c to 65c on the |^®^ |f||
P^S^ffil dollar. The prices range from $125.00 on new Uprights. fl§p||! mm
WfyS^^m Terms arenas low as $6.00 down and $6.00 per month on §|||%^J§|||
lx!:T:?SM33 new Pianos^and $5.00^down and $3.00 per month' on second-
p©S^§^S hand Pianos. Christoasbv^ersshpuWnotfaatohwestiaate.
|<;^^i'i'> 5 ;| '"'", ....DON'T DELAY.,.. \"
BH| Kearny & Post Sts.S.F. HUHOAKIATO BACETBACK-MONDAY, Nov. 30.— Weather fine. Track fast. .
S384. FIRST RACK— 6% furlonga; selling; thre«-ytar-olds and, up; value to first. $325.
Index Home and Owner. Wt[St. %• %.j ;-%. Str. " Fin. | Jockey. | Op. CL
•6372 Buccleuth. 4 (Schreiber) 107 1 6 5 8 2%5 4 3 3 1 1% D. Hall ... 5-2 6-2
536S Thisbe. a (McCoy & Co.) 98 3 1 8 1 1%1 3 1 n- 2 h • J. Lewis... 6 9-2
63CS Velma Clark, 6 (McAlester).. 100 5 2^2 2%2 n 2^31% I. Powell.- 4 • 6
6324 Adirondack. 3 (Shannon) 01! 2 S 2^3 b - 4^K5 K 4.1 OUphant .. 2Q 40
MS0 Shellmount. 4 (Wellman).... 100 6 4n 4 1^6 4 6 2P n- J. Martin.. 4 8
6372 Silver Firs. 6 (Q. Lftnka).... 104 7 7 h 7 1%7 n 7 % 6 % Blrkenruth 6 8
R32S Blessed Damozel. 4 (Chapp«ll) 95 8 8466 8384 7 6' Hilderbrnd 8 10
5372 Eggr Noks, 3 (S. O. Morton)..] 97 90 0 9 98^4 J. Booker.. 10 -12
P3.°>5 Sherry. 8 (J. Wood) [08 4.3 h 5 % 3 h 4 l%0 . Knapp 10 80
Time— :23, :47% I:f4. 1:21." At post 6% minutes.- Oft -at 2:20^4. Buccleuth. place. 1;
show. 1--2. Thisbe place. 2; ehow. 4-5. Clark, show 1. Winner, b. g. by Odd Fellow-
Montgomery Cooper. Trained by R, "Williams. Scratched — Socialist, Yellowstone. ,
Ix?afih. Siart good. Won ridden out. Next two driving hard. Hall on winner saved/
half a dozen U-ngtha on stretch turn, and this won for Buccleuth. Had Lewis made- a
¦ shorter cut Thisbe ' could have won. Velma Clark was also ridden wide. Adirondack
showed Improvement.. Silver Fizz didn't cut much of a flgrure. Egg Nogg off poorly.
5:i85.— SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; valuo to first, *325.
Inde.x j \ Horse and Owner. * Wt St." %\ %. %. Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op! CU*
&S67 F. E. Shaw (W. B. Sink Jr.).. 107 8 ... 8h.4n*4 1%m Foley 4 3
537H Ananias (J. F. Schorr) 93 3 ... 1 V % 1 % 1 >4 2 2^4 Reed 3 16-5
G37G Eugenia B. (B. Schreiber) 107 « ... 2 h 2 1%3 n 3 Vt D. Hajl... 3. 4.
53G7 Harbor <H. E. Rowell) 100 11 ... 10 281 2n46 Ferrell .... 6 8
4401) Silent Water (R. A. Smith)... 98 10 ...' 3 2%r. 2V45 2 . 6 % Larsen ft .4
Wm. Parrlsh (S. ,O. Morton).. 91 9 ... 6 11,45 3 62 6 2 J. Booker.. TM 40"
Flo Manola (M. J. Daly) 104 12 " ..." 7 1 12 82 7 J% W. Daly... 8 15
G294 Toltec (University Stable) 90 5 ... On 10 1 02 84 Vanderbout 50 CO
4271 Punctilio (W. B. Jennings)... 100 7 ... 4 % 7 %10 V4 0 2 J. Martin.. 10 15.
4599 The Hawaiian (Figaro Stable). 00 4 ...' 8 1 6 2%7 %10 XV, HUdebrand 10 15
r.3.11 Miss Blnglets (Ferguson) 103 2 ... 11 % 9 2 11 2 11 3 Adkins 10 15
5171) Dr. Blrdsall (Bianchl & Co.)..| 90 1 ... 12 11 1 12 Vi, J TSheehan 30 (>0
Time — :23%. :48. 1:01. At post 3 minutes. Oft at 2:45%. Shaw, place, 2; show, 1. Ananlos,
place, C-5, show, 3-5. Kugenla, ehow, 7-10. 'Winner, ch. c. by Magnet-Viola. Trained by
W. B. Sink Jr. StarJ perfect. Won in a drive of four. Foley let his mount swerve ap
proaching the wire, almost Interfering with Ananias. Eugenia B. ran her race. Harbor
ran a nice race from where he got away. Silent Water quit in the stretch. Parrish
ought to win soon. Flo Manola can do better. Miss Ringlets badly interfered With eoon
after. start. . . " /
f»3H<>. THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs; eel!.; 3-year-olils and up; val. to n>et, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. M, i %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. , Cl.
5370 Bay Wonder. 3 (Newman) ... 103 2 32 2 1%2 1%2 n 1 % (FerreU 8-5 15-20
5.100 Blissful, 3 (E. B. Smith) 105 3 2 n 1 h 1 h 3 1V42 H4 Haack 3 4
(5.172) Quatre. 3 (K. ;Tlerney) 102 6 5 1^5 1^5 4 4 2 3 2^ Hilderbrnd 10 1O
M00 Toto Gratlot. 3 (Barron) OS 5 1 h 3 n 3 1>41 V, 4 n L. Jackson. 10 15
5.142 Marollo. 4 (J. Qulnlan) 103 4 66 4h4%5 2^5 2 Adktns .... '. 20 25
"53»» Dotterel. 3 (F. J. O'Rourk) 97 1 4n 68 6 10 64, 04 Kunz 10 12
(5CM«) Ohio Girl, 4 (Larsen & Me.).. 110 7 7 7 7 7 7 Llntoii 30 -60
Time — ;23H, :47><,, 1:14, 1:21. At post Yt minute. Offat3:08%' Wonder, place, 3-10; show,
1-7. Blissful, place, 1; show, 1-2. Quatre, show, 4-5. Winner, -b. g. by Lord Dalmeny-
Falthless. Trained by J. F. Newman. Scratched — Loyal S, Aunt Polly, Redwald, Albe
marle, Step Around. Start good. Won In a drive of three. Bay Wonder ran out on the
_^Btretchturn, losing much ground. Blissful ran her race. Others outclassed.
G387. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; first, $325.
Index Horso and Owner. JWt St. % . %. %.. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. cT
5357 Meehanus, a (F. W. Doss) . . . [107 2 2 n 2 1%2 3 2 1%1 n D. Hall.... 3 13-5
53C5 Billy Moore, 6 (Rector) »..i 02 3 5«441 41 31 22 Kunz 10 8
5357 Chub, a (Pelter & Guthrle)... 02 8 7-114" n 5 2" 4 1%3 »i J Lewis... 12 12
5277 El Oriente. 5 (W. J. Spiers).. 97 5l;Sl*ilnlh4h J Booker.. 6 10
6355 I O U, 4 (C. W. Chappelle)... 00 11 11* 10 h 10 14 6 2 5 2H J. T. 'Shehn 20 25
5.1*7 Galanthus, 5 (Mrs. Coffey)... 03 1 82 6h 6 110 3 G»i Foley 6 9
r.ltWJ Expedient. 6 (P. E. Smith)... 07 6 10 1 11 9 h 7 n 7 it, J Jones 20 20
5:«S ¦ Frank Woods. « (Garden City) 97 7 0 5 9 5 8n'82 8 4 Butler .... 4 7
5353 Cambaceres? 5 (V. Gilbert)... 02 9 4 1 3 % 3 1^5 •¦$ 9 V* Hildebrnd . 10 . 7
5:542 Matin Bell, 4 (X. Josej*is) 02 10 On 8 1^7 1%9 n 10 8 ' Ollphant .. 10 30
¦ r >.174 Outburst. 0 (J. McAlester).. . !0. r >| 4 3h 5 111 11 11 |I. Powell... 30 100
Time— :25. :49%,- 1:15%. 1:42%; 1:4S. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:37^4. Meebanus, place,
«-5; show. 3-5. Moore, place, 3; show, 8-5. Chub, show, 5-2. Winner, ch. g. by Golden
Garter-Fedalma. Trained by F. W. Doss. Scratched— Greenock. Start goo*. Won in a - :
hard drive of three. Hall on winner rode. a very' vigorous race. He outflnished Kunz
at the end. Chub nibbled at the bait and with more luck might have" won. El Oriente
weakened. ' I O U away poorly. Expedient requires strong hantiling. Cambacere3 quit. - ;
Winner bid up from ?500 to $1000 and chanced hands. "• ¦.* .
n:tS8. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongp; "purse; three- year- old«; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. : IWt St. %. . y^. %. Str. Fin. I jockey. OpI ClI
4551 Honiton (W; O"B. Macdonogli) 100 3 1 % 1 2 1"1 111 1% I Adkins ~' 2 ~"~2 •
" R1S2 Arabo (W. B. Jennings) 112 2 31 22 2324 25 J Martin.-. 6-5 8-10
5375 Gehelmness (B. Schreiber) 00 1 4 2 4 2}$3 2&3 14 3 4 J. Booker*.. 6 7
6.168 Gorgalette (J. D. Fitzgerald) 905 51 51 52 (12^4 4 Ferrell 20- 30
M72 Theodora L (P. E. Smith) ..| 09 4 .6 0 6 -4 % 5 n Hllderbmd 30 ICO
fi175 Reeves (Lemasney Bros.) |109 6 2 h'-3 14 4 3 6. 6 Foley.:... »15 25.
Time— :2'3i4. :47»4. 1:13V4. 1:26H. At' post % minutp. Off 'at '4:00. Honiton, place 1-2;
show, out.' Arabo. place. "1-3; show, out. Geheimness show. 3-5. Winner br. f by
Ormonde-Llbbertlfllbbett. Trained by P. Ryan, Start good. Won handrld'den. Next
three driving hard. Honiton started off with p. wet sail and Martin on Arabo watted
too long before trying to nail her. Geheimness ran a swell race. Reeves rah well
for a way and will do- ln softer company. • , •
53SJ). SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; 3-year-olds arid up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. % . *T % . Str. F^n'. -| Jockey. . o£ cT'
5360 iPrope'r. 3 (J*nnlngs & Co.)... 108 4.. 2 5- 2 3%2 1%2 2 1 % J. Mai-Jin.. JTs 13-10 '
5.120 Beau Ormonde, 6 (Mrs. Krlpp) 11.1 3 12 12 12 1 1%2 1 Adkins 7-5 6-5
(532S)jDupont. 3 (G. B. Morris) 100 l-3n 3%3%3 llfc.1 4 Chandler .. 12 20
538-1 Veterano, 3 (W. C. Vlvell)... 101 2 5 2%5 8 5 10 5 10 4 1% Hilderbrnd 10 10
5330 Ink. 3 (Lemasney Bros.) 108 6 4 4 4 5 4 3^.4 n-6 8 Foley 7 15
Our Tussle. 3- (J. *F. Newman) 105 5 6 0 .0 6 6 Ferrell .... 6 15
Time— ':26 V - :50',i: 1:15%, 1:40%. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:24%. Proper, place, 3-5; show "
' . 1-3. Beau Ormonde, place, 2-5; show, 1-0. Dupont. show, 8-5. Winner, b. c. by Pres- .
tonpans-Prim. Tralne'd by W. B. Jennings. Scratched — Lacy Crawford. Start good. Won
hand ridden nfter an early drive. Next two driving. Beau Ormonde started off well, but
%as done at seven furlongs. Martin on winner saved grtiurjd on stretch turn" and Adkins
lost.lt.' Dupont will do In cheaper company. Ink can do better when fit. t Our Bessie
likes a longer route. ; . .
about. 10,000",. arc "afraid to leave their
houses. .A' 'committee'' is engaged in. in-,
vesjtlgatingt Cujmaria h"as ; been de
stroyed s^x times, by earthquakes: •
Fresh Disaster. *
CARACAS, r Venezuela,. Nov. 30.— For
nearly : : ihree days past the , city of Cu
mana, s state of* Beraud, ; on , the! Gulf : of
Carlaco, has . been enveloped in . sul T
pKurous sirioke. The .origin of V the
pberiomenori; cannoti be explained. The
inhabitants AJf the' place, numbering
Cumana, Venezuela, Destroyed by
'. Earthquakes : Six Times/ Fears "
SULPHUROUS : SMOKE }
} . ' ENVELOPS THE CITY
BEL'FAST, Iteland, Nov. 30-—Wil
liam J. Bryan took luncheon with, the .
Lord Mayor of. Belfast to-day and sub
sequently made a 'tour of 'the Queens
Island shipbuilding yards, and other "
large manufacturing concerns.
Bryan Guest of Belfast's Mayor.
..^HONOLULU.' Nov. 24.— There is evi
dently-some increased ; force • at ' york in
tbe .yplcano* of . Mauna Loa. In- addition
to Increasing signs of on ; the
summit -the .eruption .' has '¦ broke'n out
lower down on the side* of -the mountain;
"and the action of the water, at ; Punaluu
shows ,: that some- submarine', force - has
been at work. The, peculiar action of the
sea occurred when the'steamer Mauna Loa
was lying off Punaluu with her -head
toward the \ prevailing, "wind. Suddenly
the sea about the vessel; became churned
up. The water acted- similarly to the
way ' the . water does '-. ¦ when* . : a . propeller
strikes it. The sea was disturbed-, to
such an extent tHatit capsized a ship's
boat that was near, the* steamer and
threw the small boat's occupants into the
water. iSo sharp, choppy fandfquick : was
the action of the .waves that the men had
the greatest difficulty, in swimming; until
they .could : be , picked ud. " The - Mauna
Loa iwas swung around from her former
position.' i^The \ disturbance / continued ' for
perhaps ten minutes. Later; ln the* day a
*iuge black ; cl(jud t was ; seen to belch j out
of , Mokuaweoweo, the symmlt crater, >'and
then followed 5 the usual colurriniof s whlto
smoke and steam. The ; officers of , the ' ves
sel think Ithat 1 the "disturbance of j the . wa
ter^was due to" some gases : from i the bow
els 'of C the Z mountain" forcing their/ way
through the bottom of the qea.
MAUITA: j,qA AGAIN V;
. . • ¦^ .SHOWING ACTIVITY
Sea in Vicinity" of Volcano • Is Dis-
, # • iiiiibed.an'd .Chre Boa* Is - v; V
••":.-. . • •" -. Capsized. • -. .
6305 The Miller (O. p. McNeil) "lOS*
Fourth rac.e— One mile and Rtty yards •'"three".
year-olds and upward; selling. • •'
• (5381)»Lacy Crawford (B. Schreiber) :...... 95
1 5086 Garonal (C. W. Chappelle) ... '..."oo
C3St 'Forest King."(S. J. Jones) luo
• 5360 Greyfeld (R.. A. Smith)..'. m
(rK5T7)»Last Knight (Lemasney Bros.) 101
. C3C4 Diamante (Mrs. W. J. Spiers) 107
5381 Heather Honey (Leach & .Co.).... ......100
Kifth race-^-Six furlorigs; thfee-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
5350' Martinmas (C. T." Henshall) ..'....,.. 05
.524ft Escalante CMrs. W. J. Spiers) . . 104
C327 Iridius (Jennings & Co.) -. 99
5359 Warte Nicht (P. Wilkerson) .-...- 105
6375 John A. Scott" (M. Jones) —112
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. . .
533.1 Horton (Bianchl & McGovera) 1-03
5338 'Grand Sachem (J. J. Moran) 05
5T.65 *Lady Kent (T. Wellman) 03
5381 The Ledaean (Do»ts & Hollenbeck)...103
5347 Constable (Stockton Stable) 190
5381 Bill Mflssie (J. J. McAlester) 102
'Apprentice allowance. 'Jig^gK;
« PROBABLE WIHNEK3.
First race — Louis Wagner, Evander,
Mountebank.
Tb. S e*Ch«o' raCe "~ MIlltar;7 M * n - T «*fW"*«.
Third race — Matt Kosran, aollick,
rather Wentker.
X .orX^a^anV 1 "* ****' *"* C " W *
Fifth race — Iridlua, John A. Scott, Es
calante. • .". .• ;-.. • .
Sixth- race^—Kprton, Bill llaisie, lady
Kent.' " • . . . .
MR. CLEVELAND HAS
A RAILROAD TO SELL
Former President Buys an Entire
Bond Issue and Now He Owns
the Road.
. FRANKLIN, Pa., Nov. 30.— Former
President Grover. Cleveland is about to
.foreclose a mortgage upon the narrow
gauge Bradford, Bordell and Klnza Rail
rcfad, of which .he is executive bond
holder. BSfffl
At one time this road paid large divi
dends. The road is only sixteen miles
long, and when it was built It3 promot
ers induced Mr. Cleveland to take' the
entire bond Issue. Mr. Cleveland still has
the bonds,. and the owners, it is said, owe
him so" much- interest that he is going
to sell the equipment at Bradford • on
•December 1.
PARIS. Nov. 30.— There were two ac
cidents on the Metropolitan Under- *<
ground Railway to-day, sonaewhat
similar to the ffreat catastrophe of Au-.
gust 1, but there was no loss of life. ° la ¦
each case a car was burned between "
stations, causing the passengers to s^ete .
escape along the tracks. " As the acci
dents occurred ln open stretches .Qf '
track the dense smoke escaped and tha.
dangers of suffocating were averted.
Underground Railway Accidents.
JAN JOSE, Nov. 30. — A cablegram was re
ceived here - to-day announcing the " death' of
Royal P. Turney at Cerro de Pasco, Peru
Turney was a mining engineer and went to
Peru two years aeo, ln the employ of La
Esperanzo Mining Company, which has some
rich mines at Cerro de Pasco. £)eath resulted
from quick penufnonia.. Deceased was the only
child of W. W. Turney of Campbell.
"ENTRIES" FOB TOrDAY. • .
First, race — Futurky course, four-year-olds
and upward; selling:.
5334 Myrtle II (Mrs. Hertzell) ...: 105
5378 Snark U>. S. Fountain) 102
B3tS8 Louis Wagner (McAlester t Co.).. ,.100
' 53.-8 Foul Play. (J. Nichols) 102
5354 Mountebank (Keating & Co.)../. 07
C87S »Mai>ame Bishop (J. T. .Strlte). 100
3970 Sir 'Tom Tiddler (M. J.'Daly) .MOS
5334 Vennle Hughes (Hughes & Co.)...... 92"
0.T84 Shell Mount JT. Wellman) 97
63.">S Evander (W. Fisher) 97
5374 Berendog (J. Green) 102
5aS0 OsCar Tolle (Klunder & Burns) 100
Second racer-Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse. " /;¦',
5.S37 Padua (A. Josephs) 113
5350 Military Man (T. G. Ferguson) 110
537C The Cure (W. Fisher) HO
4078 Whoa Bill (M. Ep.ptnger) ....' 118
5237 Ala mansor <\V. J. Spiers) ,.106
.... Telephone (C. M. Johnson) 106
5349 Bombardier (Jennings & Co.).... 103
'5376 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 10fl
".... Blumenthal (B. Schreiber) .....110
"6349 St.* Yusef (Kentucky StaDles) 103
6379 Captain Forsee (Alhambra Stable) .. ..110
• .... Foxy Grandpa (J. Rega'n) •. .110
Third race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward;" selling. . ,.
(5378)SIlke Murphy (J. Neil) 105
5322 Rey Dare (J. C. Nealon) 97
5305 Sugden (W. H. McNames) . . . .*? 105
(5374) Rollick .(M.- Jones) 105
6364 •Florlnel II (H. \V. Hbag) .-. 100
4785 »Cousln Carrie ( J. H. ' Hughes) ;..... 97
5374 Aunt Polly (Graffort &TTo.) ....102
6374 James J. Corbett O^. H. Hedges) "..'..108
5380 Quiet (H. E. Ro well) • • • .105
5364 *Matt THogan (W. v P. * Magrane) ;...... 100
"5380 Father Wentker (B. Schreiber) .: 108
Corbett in Training. *
Young Corbett started tfiainlng at.
Sheehan's yesterday for his twenty
round battle w.lth Eddie Hanlon. which
is scheduled for December 29." The
Champion will be trained by- Tim Mc- #
Grath and Harry Tutrrill. The latter**
Is now on his way to the toast and 'will
arrive in_ a Jew days^ Billy Otts will
act as Co'rbett'a sparring'partner. Cjftjr-'*
bett is already in good condition and .
will train faithfully. Hanlori* will.;go *
over to Croll's* Gardens, Alameda, !to- '
day. Ht will not begin training •until
next week. He jVill lounge arotfnd for '•
the next ftvr> days. Harry Fo.ley win.
prepare him for >the contest.
over Harry Tenney. ' Tenney was the
aggressor -throughout. Crowe was.
afraid of his opponent and saved him-,
self from defeat by clinching.
used his .left with teillng effect. He
jabbed Tenney in v th£ nose frequently,
and had his man bleeding.
Harry Baker was highly praised for
the excellence of some of the matches.
i Dividends at the rate of 7 per cent -a
year have been paid on the. preferred
stock from the first quarter up' to the
present time." ; V ; • ..*V-
In. view of , the present unsettled condition
of the Iron and steel Industry the directors
deem it their duty to the stockholders to hus
band the comDany'e resources and to increase
Its financial strength, and for these reasons
decided to postpone the declaration of .the us- ,
ual dividend. The properties of the company
are free from bonded Indebtedness and the
assets of the company are largely ln excels
of its liabilities. The. preferred shares being
cumulative, all dividends ln arrears will be
paid as soon as & change in tbe conditions will
permit. ' .• . . • ..
' NEW YORK. Nov. 3O.-rThe directors
of the Republic Iron .and Steel Com
pany at-'thelr quarterly meeting to-day
postponed the declaration of the regu
lar, dividend. John W. Gates was
elected a director, -succeeding August
Belmont; who resigned.
The follo.wmg statement was issued
by. President A.*W. Thompson:
Directors of Republic
••Concern Postpone
• Payment. -
Henry M. "Stanley, after finding Dr.
Livingstone In Africa, delivered his first
lecture, on the expedition in the Acad-°
emy, and Edwin Booth is said to have
made his last " appearance" <here 'as
Hamlet. Wagner's* "Parsifal"' was,
given its first presentation in this coun
try at the Academy, Anton Seidl being
in charge, and Theodore Thomas intro
dnced many famous artists to Ameri-*|
can audiences within its walls.
The fire started In the- scenery of tne
stage of the theater, where a number
of men were preparing" for the testi
monial dinner of Senator McCarren to
be given there to-night. The Academy,
which was an antiquated building con
structed in 1860 of brick, "sandstone and
wpod, offered 'no resistance* to the
flames. •
Since its erection, on the eye of the
Civil "War. the A'cademy of Music has
been the scene of many notable and
historic gatherings, one, of the first be
ing the great fair held In 1863 for the
benefit of the ° United States Sanitary
Commission. Many political gatherings
of note were* held there and nearly
every prominent political leader of the
test half century has, spoken from'its
stage. David B.* Hill delivered "his
noted "I am a- Democrat'! utterance
there.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— The historic
Academy of Music, the largest theater
in Brooklyn, was destroyed to-day by
a flrc that is said to have been caused
by an explosion. For" a lime- the flames
threatened adjoining property anil
when the roof fell in part of it struck
a saloon building adjoining, but fortu
nately no ene waa° hurt, "although the
saloon was destroyed. The less is esti
mated at $300,000* fully -covered by In
surance. . . :
Brooklyn's Academy of
Music Is Swept
Away. •
Quite a number of thoroughbred
yearlings from the Menlo Stock Farm
were sold- yesterday at public auctioij
at the Occidental" Horse Exohanga
Well-known devotees of tracing weri
on hand and the bidding was spirited
The yearlings were the property of W,
O*t$-" Macdonough. " • '<> • \ .
. M- i Daly paid JSTS'for a chestnut
filly by St. out of Geneva
VIII. M. J. Foley purchased a bay filly
by Bright Phoebus, out of Haidee, fo|
$150. .Vic Gilbert naid J350-..for a» baj
colt by San Lucas,, out o{ Hertha
Caesar Young/ secured a ohestnut^coll
by Magnet, out of imp. Chiffie, for JooO.;
J. C. Nealon paid $775 for a bay fillj
by Orsini, out of Moonlit. Caesai
s Young put up $1400 for a black filly bj
Orsini. out of Miss BriimmeU A.- J.
Molera paid $325 fo£ a' bay filly" bj
Bright Phoebus, out of Lovelight.
James Coffer secured a bay filly by
Bright Phoebus, out of Lux, for $625.
J. G. Girens obtained a chestnut colt
by St. Carlo, out of Moldene, for $750;
M. J. Daly paid $350 for a bay colt by
Bright Phcebus, out of .Spinach. Caesai
Young, paid $1SOO for a chestnut colj
by St. Carlo, out of Go^d Lace. A. J.
Molera paid $150 for a bay'' filly by> Sans
Lucas, out of The Peeress. ¦ .*••-'
YEARLINGS ABE BOUGHT .
BY • RACEHORSE OWNERS
Thoroughbreds From Menlo Stock
Farm Auctioned Off to High- e ' ,
' '"'- "'¦ est Bidders.,
FIRE DESTROYS
OLD LANDMARK
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— The Tribune to
day says: Nineteen lives were lost on
the football field during the season of
1903. One boy was driven insane from
injuries. Thirteen players were se
verely injured, some of them being dis
abled for life. The number of minor
but painful accidents goes into the
hundreds and the list of the severely
injured necessarily also is -incomplete.
The feature of the year's tabulation
is that.it shows serious casualties prac
tically were confined to untrained play
ers. No member of any of the first
class elevens was killed or permanently
disabled. One "Yale player and 6ne
Harvard player suffered a broken leg.
No player in any of the teams of the
"big nine" in the West was- the victim
pf any hurt worse than a wrenched
shoulderr a bruised head, a sprained
knee or a turned ankle.
In consequence of the injuries sus
tained by their players several of the
minor schools have forbidden the game
of • football. Two towns— Columbus
Junction, Pa., and Greenfield, Ohlo-^
have stopped the sport as the result of
petitions circulated' by .parents.
STEEL COMPANY
DELAYS DIVIDEND
Fifth ra.ee, seven' ftjrlongs-r-Paul
Clifford' won. Demurrer second, Enue
third. Time. 1:30. •
Sixth. race, handicap, one and a six
teenth ;miles-*Mabel Richardson won,
Colonsay second, Trepan third. Time,
1:513-5/ < : i-v^ : :% v;
Fourth race, mile — Ninespot wpn, Oc*
lawaha second, Stonewall. third. Time,
1:42 2-5/ .-;.-" ~«- : .--'r. " "¦--:-.:¦
Fourth race, six- furlongs— Lady Free
Knighf won, Frank Bell second,.Mal
ster third. Time, 1:14 2-5.. >•
.Fifth race, six and a half furlongs —
Dutch Carter won, Ivernia second,
Pronta third. Time, 1:21 3-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— New York
won. Scorpio -second. Tommy Foster
third. Time. 1:13 3-5.. ;i..'
¦WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.O.— Bennings
results r .'/."-r ;? '.»v ¦- ":¦/
First race,, .brie and three-fourth
miles, hurdles— Gold wdi\, Goldsby sec
ond, Caxton. third. Time. 3:26 3-5. •
Secomi race, "six furlongs — Loricate
won; Prince Salm Salm second, Ga
queta third. Time, 1:16 3-5.
Third- race, six furlongs— Coppelia
won, Magic. Flute second. Belle Claire
third.- Time, 1:16.
Third race, mjle — Gregor K won, Ben
Chance 1 second, Tioga third. Time,
1:40 4-5.' ' : : '";¦>
First -race, four and a half furlongs —
Misanthrope won. Symphony second,
Ethel Scruggs third. Time, ,:55.
Sec.ond.race one and a sixteenth miles
I — Ethics, won. The Regent second, Alad
din third. -Time. 1:49.- • '.
NEW ORLEANS,' Nov. 30.—Sum
mary: ¦"*; ;-; : t ;
. J>-e Crowley laid down to Hany Wil- :
iiamjj and the crowd thought it was a
jrrtat victory for the latter. Williams
was to have fought another lad, c but
the youngster failed to show. " Crowley
was substituted and Williams would,
r.otfipht unless Crowley went .out. This
agreement was satisfactory and the
wise newsboys immediately began-bet
ting tfiat Williams would win. Crow
ley entered with, his hair nicely parted
iind stuck a hutfk of gum behind the
ringpost. Williams was smaller than
•.he gum chewer and had no chance to
win- if the battle was on the square.
For th'ree rounds Crowley hammered
his little opponent all over the ring. It
was a pity to see the lad take punish
ment. The climax came in the fourth.
Williams, according to agreement,
¦:.::¦! in and landed a hard right on
"Crowley's " body. Crowley went -d'pwn
and_ kojjt hitung* the carpet .until his
seconds threw up a dirty towel, j The
newsboys- reaped a harvest. Crowley
ough-t to be. b'r.ought up before the" Am- :
*4.t«*ur Association for faking.
. -Lofen Crown beat Arthur Willetts in
two t rounds. Brown never stopped an
'mstajit.. He kept. his arms in motion
toV three' minutes -and had .Willetts
staggering' .all over" the ring. Willetts
was. game .and might have lasted four
rpunQs."but.R<?feree McDevitt humane
ly '"^topped "the bout and called Brown
the' winner. ! . . . . . "
Gebrge-Murdock'had the better of Joe
McBrid'e- for three rounds • and then,
picked "o.ut a soft spot on the mat and
'quit. • Bob Ltundy knocked out Charles-
Augustus in the third round. This was
the best "battle of the night. Augustus
was f he. .biggfer and did the o forcing.
Luridy 'punched the "harder arid every
time -he landed -Augustus thought it
was bedtime.- In the second round
I.undy dropped "Augustus and an in
stant, later Augustus dropped Lundy.
Tne bell saved the latter. In the third
round Lundy- was shaky and Augustus
tried to" finish him. He came tearing in.
and was met with a right on the point
that put farm out completely. Augus
tus had to. be carried to his corner.
Johnny Crowe, the amateur bantam
chamnion, won a hair-line-, decision
William" Duffy was given a decision
6ver "John- Adams after four fast
ro°unds. Duffy used both hands, but
receives e'pme awful right* hand -swings
in the "slats." Adams was game and
willing, but knew little a°bout the 'art
of fisticuffs. •
"I thank you for this kind reception,"
said Hanlon. f "I will train a? I never
trained before, , B^y whole heart" and
eoul will' be in ray- work and "I will 'd6
my utmost- to.hring the championship
to California." Hanlon ducked through
tfie ropes to- escape the plaudits
showered on him. Then there were
cries for J. Edward,' and Britt stepped
into the ring and was given the. best
reception he has haft since he left tbe
amateur ranks. It was. evident that
Jimmy had reinstated himself- in.:- the
hearts of the 'sports. Jimmy thanked
them and escaped.- Frankle Neill also
made "a"fepeech^ind was bo overcome
by the. applause that he fell -down the
etairs. Sammy' Berger was also given
a rally." . • :¦"."%¦ - ¦¦'-/.
Amateur boxers, in four-round -goes,
did more real hard fighting last night
at the Hayes Valley Athletic CLub than
was done by FitzsimmonB and Gardner
in twenty* rounds. Gloves filled the air
and the bi£ crowd went wild over the
showing made by the- ' youngsters.
Probably the feature of the- evenipg
was the speech delivered by Eddie
Hanlon in response to hearty cries
from the assemblage. Hanlon blushed
and Bide-Eteppcd, but- the- crowd would
not take- a refusal. To the surprise of
every one, Eddie led with his lefX and
caught the crowd.. He" made some I of
Jimmy. Britt's learned orations look
like schoolboy speeches. * Hanlon did
not have as c many big words as,
"Jeemes," but he came' through with a
bound. . • « •
This last game would prove extreme
ly interesting and might serve \o deter
mine the championship, but both varsi
ty elevens are unwilling to go \ Into
training again, so that it is not at all
probable that this or "any of the- othej
proposed games with Stanford'will oc«
cur. The game with the Perris Indians
was a success hi, every way, but °th«
men were not required to train ffjr that
contest as they .would for .any of those
proposed — in fact, they had hardly
broken- the training which they entered
into for the intercollerlate game.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 30.
—Treasurer Cowtien of the Associated
Students is receiving proposals fo«
football games with the Startford varsi
ty eleven almost every day. •
Among the late challenges for games
with the cardinal team three came from
Columbia University, the Carlisle In
dians and Bucknell College. All threa
'of these teams are anxious to com*
West and meet Stanford on almost any
terms and at any place where the
games can be arranged.
The latest proposal comes from tha
Pasadena Tournament of Roses Asso
ciation, asking for a game between
Stanford and California, to be played
in Pasadena on New Year's day during
the carnival week.
Sp«cltd Diipatch to The -Call.
TUTUILA, Samoa, Nov. 17.— Ttftma'^ua'
has formally expressed his-. .thanks, for the
protection of; the. United State*' over his
islands, arid' his appreciation of- the; Jus
tice, administered .b^ the . Commandant
'and' Secretary $f Native Affairs. "Tuiif.ua,
who onenly defied his court" In the farouus
"Cur/' or VIpu" case," .has admitted his"
mistake and become completely reconciled.
He, is now 'one 'of the first supporters of I
the Government. .; It is reported. that ;it, is
the ; intention of Tuimanua to - voluritaV
ily cede his portion of. the gamoan^Isl"
ands to the 1 United States, as the Tutuila"
chiefs d'id in 1900. ,
Tuimanua Thanks the United States.
for Its Protection Over His •
. -.Group.- • "¦'.',•:
MAY CEDE PART . '. "
• OF SAM0A2T GROtJP
Silver. Fizz, Egg Nogg and Sherry
were all starters in the first race. It's
a bit early in the season to ba'ck'.them.
Meehanus was bid up from $500 to
$1000 by T. T. Rector, owner of Billy
Moore, which finished second to the
chestnut. At that .figure Frank Doss
quit bidding and the gejding'was led
off to new stable quarters.
Tim Murphy r the well-known turf
correspondent, is here for the season.
Tim is considered, one of the keenest
Judges of prices ln the country. ' ' ' 1J
Bud Doble, "who met with such
marked success on the grand, circuit
last season with the trotting _-. mare;
Kinney Lou, was a visitor at the track
yesterday.
Bad actors are a nuisance and the
officials at Oakland formulated- a new
rule yesterday. It gives the starter the
privilege of placing the offender on the
extreme ' outside or of making the ani
mal stand' a'^couple of lengths behind
the field. ' " ' . "
D. Hall To.de two winners. '.
With a 'closer xide Thisbe could not
have lost. • "
• NOTES vF THE TRACK.
¦Only the* strong finish of D. Hall got
Meehanus across the line first fop the
mile and a sixteenth selling event. The
Doss entry closed a* 13 to 5 favorlt^,
and, ia a fierce drive, downed the 10 to
1 shot, Billy. Moore, a neck. Chub" ran
third. El Oriente cut out the running
for nearly a mile and then fell back,
beaten.
Walter Jennings' strapping ' colt,
Arabo, had his measure taken by Honi
ton- in the seven-furlong run for three
year-olds. It was the filly's first ap
pearance this season, and, as the route
besides was figured too far for her,
Arabo went to the post a 9 to 10 chance.
There Is a possibility that Jack Mar
ttn took matters a trifle too easy -the
first part of it with the favorite, but
at any rate Honiton led from the start,
'and, handriddeo, finished more than
-a length in advance of the -big fellow
in";*l:"26%. Geheimnes's 'was a good
third:
Foley captured the two-year-old five
furlong dash with F. E. Shaw, a 5 to 1
chance. Ananias, from Johnny. Schorr's
stable and a mild favorite, made all
the iunning, finally losing by half a
length "in a driving finish: Eugenia B
led Dr. KowelJ's Harbor out for thjrd
place.
Elissful, with Willie Haack in the
saddle, gave th.e- favorite, "Bay Wonder,
quite an argument in the six and a
half furlong run following. The first
choice was not lacking in speed, but
ran out .on the stretch turn and lost so
much grpund that he only beat 5 the filly
Ihree-quarters of a length at the .wire.
Quatre finished at their heels, third.
Thisbe, backed .from 10 to 4%, was
cut loose for a good thing in the open
ing event and finished second to Bar
ney Schreiber's Buccleitfh. the 5 to 2
favorite. It could be called a lucky
win, for had Jed Lewis, who rode
Thisbe, not lost so much ground turn-
Ing into the- stretch the mare would
have scored. The show fell to Velma
Clark. ;^-U
Twenty-one " pale, wan and dejected
looking: little bookmakers returned to
this city last evening from Oakland
track. They were, meek, mild-man
nered men, looking not at all like gam
blers. There was a reason though for
all their seeming-disinterestedness.
On Saturday last the ring must have
cleaned up nearly $50,000 and the lay
ers were prepared to gather some more
yesterday. But the betting brigade
came back strongly reinforced and ad
ministered a crushing: defeat to the
pencilers. These retaliatory measures
rjot only cost the ring all.it had won
on Saturday, but more ln addition.
Buccleuth, Bay Wonder and Mee
hanus were the only three successful
favorites,, but, unfortunately for the
bookmakers, F. E.' Shaw, Honiton and
Proper were all well supported. So too
were a number of horses which finished
second and third at comfortable odds..
The defeat of Beau Ormonde by
Proper in the concluding mile purse
run was unexpected but not surprising.
The Ormonde horse was heavily backed
at 6 to 5, while the Jennings entry had
quite as large a train of admirers at
a point higher. Adkins had the mount
on the favorite and was. in front for
nearly seven-eighths of the distance.
Jack Martin astride Proper cut the
stretch turn closely, and when he put
in his challenge Beau Ormonde weak-'
ened and was beaten half a length in
1:40%. Green Morris' big gelding Du
pont ran a close tMird at odds of "20 to 1.
Statistics Show Tha f . Those
Injured Were Chiefly Un
trained .Players.
Fast Four - Round Contents
Enjoyed by a Largo "
Crowd.': r < -•-;
Scorpio Is Second to New
York in Six-Furlong. ••
. \ Sprint.
Columbia and the*. Carlisle
Redskipa Anxious to
Com© West.
Nineteen Lives Were
Lost on the Gridiron
in .1903.
Lightweight Scores Big
. Hit at Amateur
Exhibition. :
Colt" Annexes • a. Mile
. -Event at Crescent
- = City Track:
Numerous Challenges
for University Foot
ball Men.
EDDIE HANLON
AS AN ORATOR
GREGOR K LANDS
FOR HIS BACKERS
MANY HURT IN
FOOTBALL GAMES
STANFORD TEAM
IS IN DEMAND
RACETRACK EVENTS AND GENERAL SPORTING NEWS OF THE COUNTRY
THE 1 SAN FRANCISCO - CALU, " TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 190;
Speculators Backed the Horses That Won and the Ring Loses Thousands.
Honiton Outfoots Arabo From Start to Finish—Bay Wonder Is Kept Busy
Beating Blissful— F. E. Shaw Finishes in Front of Some Fast Youngsters
BEAU ORMONDE DEFEATED BY PROPER
IN THE MILE RUN AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
8
'•V • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-u%nj-r\^^iJ^jnj^J^ru-u-u-Ln.n.n.nr.n.n.n.n.- L r.a.n^ji_r. l -u-.^»n. in, 1 nn,wi. 1 .VM.L.,--n. l .^v t v,nnr>A,»n^ < juu^vuwaWTi-r'-^
. Signs of Polluted Blood.. /
There is nothing' so repulsive looking and disgogtink as an old sore
You worry over it till the brain grows weary and work* with if until the
patience is exhausted, and the very sight of the old festering, sickly looking
place makes-you irritable, desponden> and desperate. ' • °
A chronic sore is the very best evidence that your blood is in an unhealthy
and impoverished condition, that your constitution is breaking down under
the effects of some serious disorder. • The taking of strong medicines, like
mercury or potash, will sometimes so pollute and vitfate the blood and im-
pair the general system that the merest scratch or bruise results in obstinate
• non-healing sores of the most often sir* character.
Often an inherited tain tbreaks out in frightful eating sores upon the limbs
or face in old age or middle life.. Whenever a sore fef uses to heal the blood
is always at fault, and, while* antiseptic wasBes, salves, soaps and powders
can do much to keep dovfn the inflammation and cleanse the* sore it will
never heal permanently till the blood itself has been purified and the deadly
germs and poisons destroyed, and with S. S. S. this can be accomplished— the
A**S VdS /^"N pointed blood i* purified and invigorated, and when
- CC CC CO* !!T/ e XT 0 ®? 1S a & ain circulating freely throughout "
Xi^V- X*^ the body the flesh around the old sore begins to take
i^JU^J on a natural color, the discharge of matter ceases
- and the place heals over.
S. S: S. is both a blood purifier and tonic thatp«ts your blood in ordei
and at-the same time tooes up the system and builds-up the general health.
If you have a chronic sore write us. No charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAn '
' '_ ADVEBTISEMENTS. mSBj
oooooeoc«ooooooo»eeeoo«eoeo«eooeGe«eoe®89
"WARMS ME tJP" taSS'^S.SS
. / • £ have been cured of
-*cSJ?% ' • Nervous Debility
&&/^X • • - . \ */,'[ LaughHn Electr?c
\S^ ¦ /—* ' \ Belt! They say It
.g " • ' \ every day. Men
Jm|||ML S/''.''' * '*\" /***¦ **UW ln thcmselve .s at
rgtS^M : • ' * **»• *^» ~\\ ' // could say that you
• BB """ . • \ a'Aa.-! any man P' your
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
DR. McL.AUGHL.IN— Dear Sir: I have been. wearing your Belt for two months
now tnd my experience with. .the ; treatment .baa been such as to enable me to 'strong-
ly recommend it for all nervous weaknesses and , kidney trouble and indtgestlbn I
assure you that whenever an opportunity presents Itself I shall not m-glect to speak
a good word tor you. Yours respectfully, A. PATTERSON. Dedripk. Cal.
They come every day from every where. There is not a town or h.wnlet In the
country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughUn's Electric Belt.
8 New. what do*-s this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what you ought
to be. can- you ask any better proof to'roake you try ItT Is there a remedy which fs
as simple, as easy to use. ** sure to cure and as. cheap as Dr. Mclaughlin's Elec-
• trie »*•>»? I have not Been one. You must try It. In Justice to yourself and to those
wjio look to you for their future happinesj. try U now. Act this minute. Such a
matter ougnt not to be delayed. •- • . *
¦it' - t »'^* aS .5 0O<1 t0T , el i. a * f ? T mcn - W< ? rn wh^ Ie > ou slw¥ P. It causes no trouble,
fert the gentle, glowing heat from It constantly; but no sting, no burning as
ir. old-style br!t«. HSiJB ' *
' i ' Ca!l t0 " <3a ' 4 or * eTii for my beautiful book of the things a roim likes to read If
he want* to be a strong man. I wad It sealed. fre«. Cut «d
Dr. M. C; McLaughlin,
Office Hours — 8 a. mT. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to !.• • .
p ¦• _ CELEBRATED •
fi STOMACH -^ A
To strengthen the nerves; p«n-
'fy, ' ; th~ey ; lblood and' open/ up*" the
clogged bowels, the Bji t t'e r s
should be faken at once. It posit
ti vely cures ;Sick- Headache, •Ner-
vousness^ Dyspepsia, Indigestion, 1
Constipation, - Chills or : Malaria.
. Be sure totrya' bottle." ~ -•'-•'Safety pins are peculiarly American^
We use 144,000,000 of them each year.
Tax Collector Smith eiys that fee^| in
the License Department collected"; in
November amounted to $31,524, ' as
ag'ainst the sum of $30,226 50 collected
in the same month in 1902.-; This gives
a : gain to the^ city's finances over fthe
same period last year otJ1297 60." .
License Department Shows Gain.
Philip .. Schneider; obtained a » writ of
habeas corpus yesterday from United
States District Judge de Haven for., the
release of his son Louis from the Unit
ed States army! The - petition was
made': returnable at 11 o'clock this
morning. Young, Schneider is 20 years
old a"ndbn|Aprir4 of this year at Chi
cago enlisted in Company A,. Twentieth
Regiment Infantry, ¦ U. "S.'A.', without
the consent" of ' his ; parents.
far -iy#toiinii»«smnrrrn.' ¦'¦***!— fr" '*••'-. *
Soldier ; Bby Is Halted;
Frank Loud#r, 19 years, of age/plead
ed guilty In Judge Cook's court yester
day to *two charges of grand laftienr.
He was sentenced^ to serve flve years
In San Quentin. Oh August 28 he stole
a sold watch and chain valued . at $95
and $9 in coin from Rudolph Pfeiffer
in the Winchester Hotel and the fol
lowing nicht he stole a watch and $1
from C. J. Flynn.
Young Thief Pleads Guilty.
Mrs. Margaret Tracey, 911 Greenwich
street, had an unpleasant experience
on Thankszivirg- night and yesterday
Fhe swore to_warrants for the arrest of
James Wilson and Henry -Callahan,
proprietors of a saloon on Montgomery
avenue, on a charge of battery. Wil
son and C&llahan were arrested and re
leased en ?5 cash ball each.
Mrs. Tracey alleges that she and her
sister and a soldier, friend enjoyed th'eir
Thanksgiving dinner together and while
on their way home they went Into
Wilson & Callahan's saloon to have* a
nightcap. Mrs. Tracey says she was
nervous and broke the glass from which
she was drinking. After, they left the
saloon the prop'rietors followed them
and demanded SO cents for the broken
glass. The money was paid, and Mrs.
Tracey says that her soldier friend was
beaten by Wilson and Callahan and
when she interfered she. was also at
tacked. iff'jfllP'illftl
Mrs. Margaret Tracey Causes Arrest
of Two Saloonkeepers on Charg-es
* * of Battery.
UNPLEASANT ENDING TO
.THANKSGIVING DINNER
Hit on Head With Bottle.
Daniel Sullivan, a bartender, was ar
rested;>*esterday..mqrning by Policemen
SmftH and Hurd and booked at the City
Prlsbni.on a charge^ 6r assault with a
deadly weapon. He is accused ojC strik
ihg.M. E. Mayer on the head with a
bottle, cutting open his "scalp, in the
Oyster Loaf restauranVon Eddy street
"Mayer "was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
• Frlnk" R; : Barbegelata. laborer-, pkk
laji'd.-TUed ft -petit Ion -ih fnsolyen'cy yes
trrday. -He cwes:'.J425. t and 'has' 512* as
sets. • . . " . .' ••* . ' \-
insolvent . "LaBdrer".
The following named citizens* were
impaneled as a. United States. Grand
Jury yesterday by United 'States Dis
trict Judge de Haven -for the December
term: Henry F. Allen, foreman; Harfy
C. "Wilber, secretary; William JL Sher
wood,-Charles L. White, Charles ' F.
Williams, Julius Fink, A. Bruman,"
John C. Weister, J. F. -Con-lea, A. T.
Eggleston, A. Bergman, James .West,
George W. fihreve. J., P. Le Count, G.
W. Lamb, E. C. Landls, J. F. , Plage
marin, Rqbert A. " Wise, "Melville W.
Herzog, J. D. Sibley, G. N. Shield, Wil
burn J. Wilson and .Daniel WIlsonT
Federal. Grand Jury Inipaneled.
Captain^ O. F. Bolles and John K.
Eulger handed down a decision yester
day exonerating A. Reed," master of
the steamer Ruth, for the loss of that
vessel near Bihler Point Landing on
Novemberll. The Ruth broke loose
from. her. moorings and drifted upon a
known rock near 'by-. The Ruth was
valued at $40,000. All on . board were
saved. . •
The recent collision between the ferry
steamers Oakland and Newark on Oc
tober 17 was Investigated and taken
under advisement. No new facts -were
developed. Captain Robert Bradley of
the Newark and Captain G. C. Ander
son of the Oakland testified that both
steamers were going slowly in a thick
fog and whistling the proper signals
and that when they saw that a collis
ion -was Inevitable they adopted the
usual and proper means of making it as
light as possible.
CAPTAIN OF THE BTJTH
IS FBEED FBOM BLAME
Becent Collision . Between the Ferry
Steamers Oakland and Newark .
Is Under Investigation. .
IlVat;. Behbow /acfcidehtally.: Stepped -Into
T.iie e4evator.Ehafi.in-.the Sark. '.H© f e u
uventy-xlt'e f eet: .-. •.' Li •-•' '¦'."¦': ¦¦¦ ¦ V .' .". • ' \ • •
. .The body • of JL:.3;i Bec2w% of-737 How'
'ar.d ..¦Etreet".;v.-as -found Testerdar tift«r
noon inihe. b.oit.om:.wfV* > he. '€leya*tpr well
of. the .Gentral LWsjgSpaiftf *£aia •itfrg*
e1r;©et..:,^Rehbow. flas a":repa(;ker.'. and
wa,s'?een-at I-P- m.^when" hg: ciiled kt
&«?:." wafefiesise .toVapply. .f,or> Wmp'iby
.rriont. -At 2 . p. ¦¦¦n£...t:.\ j\: M&Cifrrey/ an
<mplr>y^. ;four:;a the b.q<iy..;.rt-.is belie\-ed
•Falls Int^.;El*?yatpr .Shaft.
Big. Suras: Paid to Tai Collectoi
¦'<• 'More:"than J1.0.M;<W0.-in taxes! wai paid
•jivto • fhe; Tax.- .<?diiec ; tor's:pffice yester
,-<2ay.;.The .rr.a3o"rlty'.of : it caine la big
•-checks /.".frcm •:¦ some' : /ct -...-: the different
bariks ; .thai are on thexolls for bl^ as
¦Fessnrents and that generally wait un
till.i.he.yiast day o£ prace. Fifteen per
..c^nt «-«l be adde'd to-day on the first
;instaJ2nienjt;; ; .The secona and final in
.stallmeflt. ef 'taxes jfor t,he fiscal year
:?03 will : ije;.<qe : on January 4; 19Q4, and
" *-;;.! be [.delinquent-. 'April 2.5. 1S04.
This talk- was followed by another
one before General Manager
Kruttschnitt -left-for- Salt Lake to join
his chief on an inspection of .the" Lucin
cut-off. Yesterday ' Brock and Krutt
schnitt had another conference,, which
resulted in , an .assurance * that the
Southern .Company wduld al<l
liberally in the furtherance of the plans
for the new railroad. Sv . .
"While the Southern Pacific' Company
¦will not build the^road !t has agreed to
financially .aid Its 'promoters, and in the
preliminary work it will lend-its-'sur
veyors and the necessary rolling stock
for the grading and construction "work.
Incidentally of course the agents of
President Harriman have carefully,
bound the Brock .syndicate with an
agreement that will prevent" the* new
road ever falling into the hands of in
terests that are inimical to. those of the
Harriman lines. ¦ • ¦* . .
The road is practically the salvation
of. the Tonopah mining district in- that
It gives it a ready outlet for ores of the
various rich properties and insures
cheaper transportation for necessary
operating material. . . . 4 * ;.V
A company was incorporated to build
the line, which -will be about, sixty-two
miles long, but for reasons which the
promoters have never explained their
plans . neyec matured beyond a rpugh
survey of the route. For some time
Brock and his business associates were
negotiating with the Southern* Pacific
Company with a view of having E. H.
Harriman Join withthem In'the con
struction work, but they were informed
By General Manager Kruttschnitt that
Harriman was. top busy with the work
of/completion of the Lucin cut-<»ff. and
other improvements along the* Harri
man system to give attention to the
Tonopah project. '^ : , H> ;
* Recently It vas reported that out
side capital had agreed to build the
road and this news 'apparently stkred
the interest of President *Harriman, for
it was not long before* the Brock syn
dicate people were given "the hint that
| it would be worth their while to have
another talk with General Manager
Kruttschnitt,- an opportunity which
John Brock was quick to avail hjmself
| of when he arrived In this city" about
I two weeks ago. • * -*A*
|-. ' ATT) IS PROMISED.
The Iong-talked-of railroad from the
Tonopah mining" district to a point
known as Rhodes Marsh, six miles be
low Sodavflle, Nev., will soon be. built.
E. H. Harriman* through his general
manager, Julius Kruttsctenitt, yester
day informed John Brock of Philadel
phia, president of the Tonopah Mining
Company, .which is deeply concerned In
the project, that the assistance of the
Southern Pacific . Company will be
given. to the enterprise. .
Brock and John Hays Hammond,
consulting engineer of the Tonopah
Mining Company, have been at* the. Pal-*
ace Hotel . for several days, anxiously
awaiting the decision of the railroad
company, and when It was given to
them yesterday Brock hurriedly packed
his trunk and departed for the East
on the evening train. The enterprise,
behind j which are Brock and other
Philadelphia capitalists associated with
him in the Tonopah Minihg*Company,
originally called for a line from "Tono
pah to Sodaville, but the* terminus at
the latter end was finally, changed to
Rhodes Marsh. /
HABRIMAN IS INTEBESTED.
A forfeiture of any of these condi
tions is supposed to be followed by a
revocation of the permit by the Boar<J
of; Harbor Commissioners to sell per
ishable products, on the wharves of the
State In this city* It will be noticed
that In the quoted foregoing language
the conditions appear to be made ap
plicable to prevent discrimination in
selling and buying, "whether the trans
actions take place on the wharves of
the State at any other place. This
raises an Interesting question as- to the
extent of the jurisdiction of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners, which may
be treated by the attorneys who are ex
pected to J .j.-';
An interesting- feature of the hearing
may tte-a discussion by attorneys con
cerning the real meaning of the Wood
ward law. . In the opening paragraph it
deals -.with discrimination ; upon the
wharves or other, property of the State
in the city and county of Sa,h Fran
cisco. In the -form of aoDlication for
a permit that is'coritained in the law,
the.- ftr'lo wine words are included:
"I (or we) agree that I (or we) will
not during the life of such permit be
a party to any conspiracy, agreement
or understanding whereby* I (or we)
ehall refuse to sell any solvent pur
chaser or to buy from any person what
soever; and I (or we) will sell
impartially and at the same prices to
all who desire to purchase for cash,
without regard.to their business or In
tended disposition of the products, and
will exercise no discrimination what
ever bet-.veen buyers and sellers by rea
son of their occupation^ affiliation or
non-affiliation."
Mr. F<jy said that he did not know
ho the retailer is that is to- appear
beforeiihe board. It was eis.ewhere said
•that t,he person is A. Fundas. who does
busings, oh Third street. No complaint
has been filed by him.
.Secreviry Foy of the Board of Har
bor Commissioners, says that no com
plaint has been formally fiied. The
board has determined to get what in
formation it can concerning the man
ner in which, business Is transacted:
For this purpose thert; have been sum
moned to appear • before the boar<i
Messrs. A. Runyon of ; McDonqugh . &
Runyon, A. GiariinI of .A. . Scatena : &
C % o., John G. Wetmore-: v or V WetmoTe
Bros, and W. M.; W'blf .^ptWolf ", & Sons."
There is. no compiaiht; . -or allegation
against; any of these dealers, so Mr.
Fey jbsvs. -.- . !-i;Vi/v" ;.'" - '¦:
Next Thursday morning four "whole
sale dealers in perishable products and
at least on« retail dealer will appear
before the Board of. Harbor Commis
sioners arid will testity relative to the
manner in which the fruit and produce
business is carried on in San Francisco.
The KearCng may' not be long, but It
will he. replete with Interest, especially
for thre dealers in perishable goods, and
hardly less.so for the farmers. on whose
ranches the products originated. - '
Allegations have been recently made
that the wholesale produce dealers, by
means of an association maintained by
them, have been discriminating against
certain retail dealers and that such act
or acts constitute a violation of the
Woodward law, which was enacted by
the California Legislature expressly, to
prevent such discrimination in restraint
of trade.
• V»f terV ihorbufrh review of the legal
:;pchniciajl'tle»-.*the court declares that
: <h*e_ ordinance.!* valid, opinion is
1 *wnu£a • -"by /Justice AngellQiti. wKh
.wHonivJtigUtes*. Shaw and Henshaw di
• 1 %*J>' * 'ctJacur. " Justice McFarland
>.rite*". 4 •- concurring opinion in which
. cjp asserts that -the* people are sorne
¦•'•"^""V a \ '"Incliced- to carry the Idea of •*lo
.sal-self-goyernmept" to extremes. He
.thfeks •'that. : the crafting of too much
.tai:^g. ; p6w^r to # municipalities and
'x^X'^ns.. It away from the 'Legislature is
' f-t<rirsentaL :.; He denounces the lav.
•?.'^ lf . h . »akes the passage of th^ Los
ViVngeJes possible. as "unjust,
';Cr.-Kjuil; And; .oppressive." -Chief Jus
•jtice Bf4tty..an : d Justice Lorigan dissent.
:-Justh ;^.i\''i.n.,Djke did not participate
I -lp 'th"e constaera"t,ion. cf the xase'^ •
: [''y, . U T**, •jcpnstitbtiolf.': permits the
legislature fpi^ntr.*!. the. people .of the
State thr*)£c2^ the laws except
in "njur^cipAi.-- affairs."- The" question
before.-tbe Supreme. Court was. to de
terrrJr.^' if.the./levyin&'cf the" disputed
tax .>V&:.a; "mfcicijjal aijalr.".. -'> V
¦;v ( -.fight, to Impose taxf-s' for revenue.
•Tn^-^gislAtute-in 1901 gave to city and
vpuniyJ.pQvern'nientS/the power to li-
CdU&jLb varieties of '.business not pro
hiLlted' b\- .law for -police regulation
Tne .Supreme Court rendered a
decision* yesterday in favof • cf
George^ Staack*/ m the peren
nial Bell estate caae. John S. 'Bell
¦wanted a trust declared in his favor
t gainst Staacke for 10,000 acres of land
in Santa Barbara County, gtaacke and
Teresa Bell, executrix, cf the»estate of
Thomas Bell, -wanted the land -held
. : subject to a trust in favor of the Bell
estate for money advances made to
plaintiff during the lifetime of his
o The trial court gave the land to
joung Bell and directed him to pay
SS2.000 to the esta.te. * Staacke and Mrs.
.Bell appealed and the Supreme Court
• aSrraed the judgment of the lower
•.tribunal. A rehearing was granted and
•new the case goes back to the Superior
Court, again for another trial.
o'°-The municipal officers of Los An
geles vriih the purpose • getting a
; revenue from certain .kinds of o busicess
.pstsed aa ordinance imposing a license
tax un *r.aiious tradesc an 4. professions.
* Many 'of .thost-.-affected. 'ihousht. that
. -v.he niftisure was unconstitutional and,
.'.dVttr^int'd to_ bMn^_ a. test suit. * F.
? Braun'j'-A liqunr dealer, ac
".«y>r<Jjnrly -rgfusod, to "pay the tax and
.\.^s.f arrested. He brought the matter
.. to'.tSe attention V'f.th'e Supreme Court
."-jij-Jl-WTlt of. habeas corpus. The Los
Ange'lep? cHafrer. gives the authorities
Pleasing News* Is Given to
Promoters- of the En
terprise.
Lbs: Angeles Special "Tax Law
• •yls-.Daclared to Be .
Important improvements •are being
planned on the Klamath Lake Railroad,
a stretch of rail in Northern California,
which connects the town of Laird, in. this
State, with Pokegama, Or. The road is
now controlled by. Hervey Lindley, for
merly of Los Angeles, but now of Kla
mathon.
He Is now . at the Palace Hotel, having
Just returned from the north, where a
deal was effected last week with George
Mason, former president of the railroad
company, whereby the latter's interest in
the. corporation was transferred to Lind
ley. The transfer of stook was followed
by a meeting of the directors of the Kla
math Railroad Company, who received
the resignation of Mason as president and
elected Lindley in his s.tead.
The company Is now operating thirty
miles of road between the points men
tioned above, but the plan is to extend
the line over Klamath Lake, a- distance
of thirty-two miles; President . Lindley
stated yesterday that the "route the
new extension Is to rjin has already been
surveyed and construction work will be
inaugurated t early' during the coming
year. He has been negotiating for the
pax-chase of several new engines and other
rqlling .«tock. The road at present runs
through one of the richest timber tracts
lying in the two States and the extension
is contemplated to tap a very rich dis
trict, as yet only partly developed.
Work Will Begin in a Few
Months.
Hervey Lindley, New President, Says
PLANNING AN EXTENSION
OF KLAMATH LAKE. ROAD
The spectators in Police Judge Fritz's
cour.t— and there was a big crowd of
them— thought for a moment that they
w'ere to be treated to a display of fistic
exercise as the. outcome of a sharp
oral tilt between Attorney Alford and
Assistant District Attorney Harris.
And only the prompt intervention of
the court and the alacrity of the bail
iffs prevented the looked for combat.
It was during the preliminary exam
ination of former Policeman Joseph
Feld, charged with having fatally shot
his father-in-law at the latter's resi
dence,.and the aged widow of the slain
man was Under a sharp cross-examin
ation by Alford when the war-cloud
suddenly appeared. The attorney had
asked the witness if she saw. the de
fendant strike her husband more than
one blow, and she had evasively
answered the question, when Harris
jumped to his feet and accused Alford
of deliberately trying to confuse the
woman. Alford denied the accusation,
and said Harris* conduct was uncalled
for and outrageous.
"You lie!" promptly and warmly re
torted Harris. \
For a moment Alford glared in sur-
Mrs. Bean confined her vocal 1 ;
to moaning and crooning until Mrs.
Herman, called for the prosecution, in
dorsed Mrs. Curtis' charge of intem
perance, and then again did the defend
ant's voice pierce the empyrean in
wordless protest. Again did all those
present muffle their ears, and once more
did Bailiff Mahony valiantly brave the
music and subdue the musician.
"If you do that again,',' said the court,
addressing Mary, "I'll — well, I. don't
know how loryj I'll send you up for."
But there was no further bidding for
judicial reproof by Mrs. Bean. After
the evidence was all in her case" was
continued two weeks, with the distinct
understanding that if, she fails to com
port herself with ladylike dignity dur
ing the Inteflm she will be haled' Intc
c-vurt an4 hastened to }all before she
has time to shriek a defense.
Mrs. Mary Bean, aged 69, was the
producer of. the vocal*. Innovation:. It
was Inspired by certain statements not
complimentary to her character made
on the witness stand- -by* Mrs." Agnes
Curtis and corroborated by' Mrs. .Her
man. The three ladles are neighbors
on Hoff avenue, -and' Mrs. Cur
tis had Mrs. Bean arrested* on
a charge of disturbing the peace of the
.avenue's residents as a whole and her
own rest in particular. She testified
that Mrs*. Bean was in the habit of
tippling- strong waters until her reason
fled and thstt "wheji thus unburdened
¦by cbm-mon ; sense she had a penchant
for. "seeking "the complaining witness
and iriaking-.her a target .for fiercely
•deli.ye.re4 fusillades of verba.1 abuse, it
was further : adduced: by Mis.. V Curtis
that,;to the best, of her; knowledge and
belief, she.-, had . .never •: said": nbr done
any.th"ing.":to :i>K«toke these .oral casti
gatipns: '" :^V> / '•;•'.] .¦¦¦.¦".•'¦• ~ : ~
.:T.heV?harge: of inebriety evoked the
first, screech 'from Mrs. Bean. It came
like the proverbial ;; bolt from a clear
?ky and its sharp - crescendo involun
tarily drew its hearers tq their feet
with hand3 to ears. : .
"Stop her!" shouted the court:
A bailiff sprang to Mary's side *an<l
tried to quell the tympanum splitting
yell, but the best he could do was to
reduce it to prolonged diminuendo -that
finally lapsed in an agonizing wail.
When^ silence was restored the "court
mopped his brow, stared reprovingly at
the offending Mrs. Uean and. sternly
commanded her not to do lit again, elr.e
she would be visited .with severe.penal
ties, '•"•'j
"Wasn't it aw"ful?" said the Judgei in
awed whisper, to his clerk. " ,? - #i
"Frightful!" shudderingly replied Ju
lius.
Police Judge Mogan's endeavor to ad
just a neighborhood ruarrel, involving
several matrons, was interrupted at ir
regular intervals yesterday morning by
a feminine ho'wl that shrilled through
every nook and cranny of. the Hall of
Justice and even penetrated the calm
precincts of the Coroner's quarters
across the alley.. It was a mezzo fal
setto screech of pitch and'durati'on that
Patti might envy and its tone was *a
mixture of anger and resentment. Ex
perts in operatic vocalism opined that
nothing like it ever wafted
from the Tivoli stage, and persons with
little or no # appreciation of musical nov
elty profanely compared it to the shriek
that emanates from an.ungreased wag
on axje bearing a heavy load up a steep
hill. • . .
F-iv.e; Merchants Are to Tell
• : -What They Know of
*. . ; -Its Workings. • •
James D.. Phelari; .William : : H.^Millsy.
Frank J. S^m^^E^OivilcCormick
and T. C. Judkins ha.ve.been appointed
a special committee to determine what
kind of a display San Francisco shall
make next year at St. Louis. A meet-
Ing of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco was recently held and it was
decided that this city should be repre
sented v by an exhibition at the great
Louisiana Purchase Exposition to be
he|d in St.' Louis in 1904.
Los Angeles and other cities east and
¦west, have raised money -that their ad
vantages may be ¦ made known prop
erly during the continuance of the ex
position. The impbrtance'of San Fran
cisco from ; a commercial" : and manu
facturing point of view, Its interest for
tourists and globe-trotters -.generally,
and its position in relation to -the great
and fruitful_~cpuRtry_;that-.is tributary
to it make it advisable that San Fran-_
Cisco should be. adyertise'd equally. wlt§
other cities." The special committae will
at once proceed , to', consider the .details
of what shall be -done.> r
Louis.
Its I>ut7''Is' : .tb'. ; .I>e.teTinihe ; 'E : ow.' San
• Francisco Shall Exhibit at St. •
Isaac Chub's future appears' to he
about as black as his skin. He is the
negro that met Mrs. Ellen . Dougherty
ol 409 Oak street at 6 o'clock one morn-
J:ig last week • and robbed" her of hef
purse after he had poked one of his
fingers Into one of her eyes and almost
blinded her. Judge Cabaniss heard the
evidence against Chub yesterday morn
ing and remanded, him ;to the Superior
Court,, with bail fixed at.- $3000.' The
negro is In Jail . '. . " .
COMMITTEE; IS iNAMEDv.
TO SHAPE i CITTt'S--SHOW
For attempting to plunder the p\)or
box of §t. Francis Church, at "Mont
gomery avenue and "Vallejo street,
Louis Marmont was sentenced ttf'the
limit, six months' imprisonment, • by
Judge Fritz. Marmont is 62 years of
age. He was caught in the act of
pilfering the contents of the box by
Father Caraher. When arrested he ve
hemently denied the charge made by
the priest, but In court he owned up.
that he was guilty^ ;. * ; >
For a while yesterday morning the
appearance of Police Judge. Mogan's
¦tribunal was strongly suggestive of \
scene from "The Romany Rye" or the
great third act of "Carmen." Swart
gypsy men and women jostled each
other In courtroom and corridor, and
the picturesqueness of their cos
turnery, the. queer patois in which they
chattered and the expressiveness* of
their gesticulations contributed novel
effect to an ' environment in which
strange sights and sounds are .not rare.
•The gaudily attired women and side
whiskered men. were there to see what
would become of Annie J. Mitchell and
Katherine Domingo, charged by Frank
Mitchell of the same tribe with rob
bing him of a railroad ticket for which
he had paid $15/ Mitchell testified that
he. had desired to go -to Kansas City
and borrowed from nis mother— who
seems to be the Azucena of the camp
on tne San Br^ino road— the money
with which to procure the means of
transportation. When,, he. returned to
the camD the ticket was in his coat
pocket, and by some means— he could
not tell exactly how— the two. defend
ants abstracted it. When he missed
the pasteboard he openly and vigorous
ly accused the women of having^ pil
fered it, and .the" accusation led" to de
nial and finally developed a faction
fight, in which the* entire tribe was par
ticipating when three -mounted police
men swooped down upon the scene of
strife and gathered in the three prin
cipals.
With a saucy swish of her Carmen
esque skirts, Annie^J. Mitchell took the
witness stand and denied point blank
the charge filed against her and Kath
erine Domingo by Mitchell. What really
angered the. man, she stated, was her
refusal to lend him her horse and
buggy to haul hie "traps" to the ferry.
After surveying the competing wit
nesses .and apparently relinquishing his
effort to ascertain which of them had
come nearest to telling ' the truth,
Judge Mogan dismissed the case.
"The courtJsbf the opinion," was his
final order, "that afc five attorneys .are
engaged, in this case the defendants
have been sufBcie'ntly punished."
Then there was a cpneerted babel of
harsh gutturals from the side-whisker
ed men and a chorus of shrill com
ments from the hooded * women, and
the curtain fell to rise next moment
upon a playlet in which the characters
neither looked nor acted out of the or-
Subsequently both- attorneys apolo
#i£ed to the court for their unusual be-'
havior.and the incident closed. The
examination of Feld was continued till
Wednesday,
In a moment two stalwart forms
were between the angry lawyers and
the danger of collision, was averted.
"Don't -you tell me I lie." repeated Al-«
ford as he turned away. Harris said
nothing" in repartee? .
llie men were separated by a low
rail and the hushed- spectators" fully
expected to see -one or other of them
leap the barrier and deal carnage,
when a voice from the bench rang out
sharply and commandlngly: •-
"The. bailiffs will preserve order in
the court." - .
prise at his opponent, and then,' plac-*
ing his hand upon Harris* shoulder,'
said in unmistakably^ threatening tone:
.^Don't you tell me I" lie."
Harriman to Help .Build
Line Into Mining
District.
Supreme Court Grants
"j: Retrial of Important :
s-v* . - - - • Case.
Woodward Law Will
Form the Basis of the •
. Investigation. ¦•
BELL'S SON MUST
RENEW HIS FIGHT
TONOPAH ROAD
SEEMS ASSURED
WOMAN SCREECHES RESENTMENT
AND ALARMS HALL OF JUSTICE
Mrs. Mary Bean's. Wail of Protest Against Charge
: of Inebriety Mars Eclat of Police Judge Mogan's
. Monday Morning Reception and Horrifies Hearers
HARBOR BOARD
SEEKING FACTS
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY/ . DECEMBER- 1, 1903.
9
. • , . GBAPE-yUTS.- •; ¦•
"CLEANING. HOUSE" •
A Cliaiig^ cf Food Cleans the Soul's
• • . • . .- . House. .
VTken th$ body is clogged up by the
use 'of improper food and sickness sets
in there, is nothing B0 good as a -house
cleaning:' and the- rf£ht way to do this
is to .chanjre the food, fur although tak-
inff medicines riiay afford temporary re-
lief a complete change- of food Is much
the surest and safest way.
The highest medical authority In the
n crtd. "The Lancet" cf London, says of
Grape-Xuts: "Our anc.'ysis shows It is
a nutritive cf a high ordjer, since It con-
tains the constituents 'of a* complete
food In very satisfactory and rich pro-
portion^ and In an easily assimilable
state." - "About two years affo." says a
resident of SpringvUIe, Ind.. "I had ter-
rible stomach trouble and although I
tried all kinds of medicines none of
them cured rae. I was so run down I
could not es.t, cot very little sleep, and
was cTizry-headed and miserable all the
time. About that time a friend told me
that the only way to cure my trouble
v.as to charge my food and recoaa-
mersded Grape-Nuts.
"From my very firct meal of Grape-
Nuts my stomach began to get better
and all t£e improvements that come
from a healthy stomach in place of an
unhealthy, oce booi> followed, and this
ivas not aft, for Just as great an im-
pro\'ement came In my brain. All of
the dizziness is gone and my brain Ls
now dear and acAive. I. can eat any-
thing I want, sleep well and a'm alto-
gether a new man mentally and phys-
ically.
"At the time I commenced to use this
food I was nothing but ~ a ' skeleton
weighing 120 pounfls, but now I have
trot back my normal Weight of nearly
?o6.*"" Name given by Postum Co., Bat-
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road _to
Wellville."
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SSte&ziers tears Saa Fna-
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. T^raEgfl.
Jcneau. Halnes.' Ekagoay,
etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Dec.
2. t; 12. 17. 22. 2T Jan. 2.
Chapge to eompany^s steam-
ers st Seattle.
For Victoria. Vaaeoorer.
Pr>rt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. "Whitcom — 11 a. m.. Dec 2. 7.
12." 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Changa at 8eaRI» to .
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Rj\: at Seattle or Tacc;=a to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway. '
For Eureka (HumbolJt Bay) — Pomona* 1:30
p m. Dec. 6. 12. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona.
; 1:"<> p. in.. Dec. 3. P. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Loa Angele3 (via Port Los Angeles and
; Kedondo)." San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa Sundays. 9 a. m.
State *<sf California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro>. Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayuco*. Port Karford <33-n
Luis OWsdo) Ventura and Hueneine.
Coos Bay. 9 a in.. Dec. 3 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
• • Eonlta 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 13. 23, 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. "Mazatlan. A!tata. La Pas. Santa PvO-
salia. Guaycias (Mex.). 19 a. m.. 7th cf each
• month.
• For further information obtala folder.
. .Right is-reserved to change st^niers or satl-
Jrijr date*.
•TXCXET OrriCES — i New ilontgom-
e'ry street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street ani
Broadway wharves. *
. Freight office. 10 Market street.
• C. *D! DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent.
lO^Market street. San Francisco.
'O. JR.& N. CP-
sails Nov. 23. Dec 9. 13. 23.
."George W. Elder' sails Dec. 4. 14, 24. Only
ffeaniship lins.to PORTLAND. OK., and short
rail Una. from Portland to. all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and*meals. Steamer sails
foot -of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Cen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st; C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept. 3
Mcntzamery st*
* AilSSICAU TfTWR.
• Kew' Tcrk — Sont&amptoa — X.oadou.
PhUa..Dec 5, 9:30 ami N.York.Decl».»:3O aia
S.Louls.Dec.l2.9:30 am] St.PauI.Dec.26.9:3O am
ATTiATTTIC T3AJISPOET UNTL
Sew Yorx — Lcadoa Direct.
Mesaba. .. Dec. 5 9 ami Menom'ne.Dec 19.9 am
Mln'tka-Dec. 12. -noon 1 Min'p'ls.Dec. 2ft. 10 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMxzrzoir uss.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Cambroman ....Dec. 5| Canada Jan. 2
Dominion Dec. 9 . Dominion Jan. 23
KED STAS Z.IIJE.
Hew Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
Ftnlsnd.Dec.5. 10:30 «m|Krn'rd.Dec.l9.10:30 am
Vadrld.Dec.12. 10:30 am ZeaInd.Dec.2o.lO:30 an»
WHITS STAS IiHIX.
17ew Tork — Queenrtown — Liverpool, i
Sailing Wednesdays. *
Cedrle.Dee. 2. 2:30pm|Toutcnlc.Dec 23. noon
ArablclVc. 9. 9:30 am!C»ltlc... Dec. SO. 1 prr»
Oceanic. Dec. 16. 4 pmi Majestic... Jan. 8. noon
Boston — Queen stolen — LlTeroool.
Cretlc Dec. 10. Jan. 14. Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 28. Feb. 23
BOSTON KZ-DXTESSAITEAX SESTICB.
Azores. Olhraltar. Naples. Otnoa.
ROM-VNIC Dec. 5 Jan. IS- Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) ..Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 1J
C D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
Post St.. San Francisco.
1K/a£oJERS. MAR3E!U-£S. CMOO|i I
MT KAPIE3 6r ALEXANDPIA. ECYPT-gJ
ROMANIC. Dec.. 8. Jan. 18. Febl 27. ApL 9
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 26
CANOPIC : Jan. 30, Mar. 12
(Send fcr rates and Illustrated booU«t.)
These steamers ar» the largest . In tha
Mediterranean service. * - -
First class. $75 and $SO upward, aecoft-
Ing to dat« of sailing.
Boaton to Liverpool Qu «n, a tow 3 '
CRETIC ..D«c. 10. Jan. 14. Teb. 11
CTMRIC Dec 24. Jan. 2S. reb. 25
First class, $65 cpwanfc For plans, etc,
address
WHITE STAR TuINS. 77-81 SUt* st..
Boston, or ta,C D. TaTLOR. 21 Post st
* M * M ***** J **** J * J ***^**^*** J ****************** M *****^** J *^***** M ********
C0MPAGM3 6EH23ALE T7U*f3ATLl!rriQT*l.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailir? every Tr.undar Instead of «rt«»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from. Pier *2. ¦*!mr^
North River, foot of Morton street
- First-class to Havre. $70 an-i upward. ?•»
ond-class to Havre. $t3 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
'Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. • ;
oceanics.s.eo.?jas%£
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 1. 11 a. m.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thsrsday. Dec 10. 2 p. m. -
3. 8 ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec 19.11 am. ¦
itl?££C*iUl 1*^.1^ Jllt^TiiJ!JTi«,!« U-taa *
i frsWBfettllrtitSUtoMste&ll
¦IWtB ¦¦ ¦ItiBj imnnisssMMsstfllHH-TisTi fsi IHiWITw ¦ i hr»--iii MHW
FHAGEKS | . PBAQESS \^HSBIM
I Double the; Usual number of Green 1
Trading Stamps wiH be given |j
. with All Purchases made |
; . . at. this store I
¦ Do not mis^ this grand opportunity to fill h
ydur stamp books and thereby secure a pretty pre* \l
mium suitable for Christmas gift*. |j
II * acwaV^m;uable * |
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
J Ji in. tm~WA^
;BJLErRe,
Guaranteed Pure.
None So G$ocg» .
Sold EVcrs/vficFte .
• niVBERT MERCAN*TII*B CO., • "I
• Paeifle Coait Agen: s. * < J
For .Stomach Disorders
¦ *¦¦:¦¦?; i Gout and DvsDepsia
DRINK . . '
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIONIEB CO., San Francisco. .
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great jf
MUSEUM OF flBftTOHY*
1351 *O2ZX; ST.lK. i:i«?Ji, Z.T.UL i
Qr The Larf e« Aaaroimleal Moseaa in the \
World. Wtatc-iiti or n,y cor.-.ract;^ Q-
t»g M dise*«e enrodby ti- oldest T
IBWI SpeoaUttaa tfceQrut. . Est.36jun. 0
A gSi J D3 ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF iilKd
m I Jfo^I n Tr»»:3ietu p^rsccil.jr er b» !e:ter. A fl
T M tf <S B Pttrtn* Cur* m emy csse nadenaices. \
Afi HA Wr;. f« Bo.t, r aiLo^opsy .r i
r • jj 11** HiiinucE, miuo fxes. (AT
h O tr **>B*ble book for nn ) \
Y Dlt. JIOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Market J3S..S. F. V
Jj
m a warn ¦¦nan Cbnd ta STAT CUBED. Ckas>
H C*lilFiKll "movfd. He»i:li T~t<rnd. A>
H \ S tU Ii**jK t«ck»aererr»tam. Eath»«rt;i»
¦¦"*# ¦ ¦ I ¦ ¦ ¦ I fc .nT.hem No farther ne*i ol
stcdleisM. Book 60 FREE, Shiny Mg»% allsbont
AtUim» ¦ nd &>j S wit. P.Haxo:aHay»s,BuJrAlo,N.T.
I'Bt'5yME!S MT8!W l
Helpless, Jf h js ical and Financial aoSer bo longer 11
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-H
fHUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS O8ISPO. CAvB
THE WEEKLY CALL
"i$l per Year.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
T0Y8 KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will. leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki . and Shanghai, and connect!.-.? at
HoBskong with ,- steamers for India, etc ¦ No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S*. HONGKONG MAHO
:. ". ...Thursday. December 3. 19W
B. 6. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
;->'-¦ ...... v.... "Wednesday. December 30, 1903
8 S. AMERICA MARU :
/. Monday. January 23. -19<M
' Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.' -For freight and passage apply at Com*
[any's office. -421 Market street, tfcrner First.
•-. W. H. AVERT.- General Agent-
Hare Inland and _ Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m 3:15 and 8:30 p. ra., except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav« Valle'ot
7 a, Mn^ 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7>a. m*. 4:1S p. m. Fare. 50 cents.' Tel.
Main 1508. Pier J*. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
nRos. flamwrflMfWi*^^
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
XV THE IiEABSB XXT
KODAK
Printing and Developing, and my" prices
are way down the scale. Others have cut
prices, too. but they fall to give the quality
. of workmanship. I am the original . cat-
' rate Kodak man. :
\6y^K*BV *~ jit t
Here are a few rrlees :
' * PRINTING
Boll of six... :.lOc
' Roll of twelve. .......;:.. ............ 13c
. • DEVELOPING. -
Folio finish ......8e tqJ^o
Velox finish .... .'". . • • • ...."......; to «c
"M&H order* promptly, filed- Vl^aSaT^ftg
MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. ¦
1OOS MARKET ; ST.; ABOVE ; POWEXJ*
-¦ • •> -- , ;SAN FRANCISCO. -- ¦-,'*.Ignatian. Council No.. 35 of the Tbung
Men's Institute has appointed F. A:
McCarthy, I. D. Dwyer, J. B. Coffey,
J. B. Queen, J. P. Duffy, B. M.. Power,
W. A. , Breslin, ; J. F. Linehan and J. J.
Walsh a committee to arrange", for the
annual reception and ball to be given
by: tile council on the evening of . Jan
uary 15, 1904, in Native Sons', Hall. This
is one of the most prominent and pro
gressive councils in this city, its" so
cial functions have always been*of ; the
best and the committee: in charge 'will,
make this one that will ,sustaln..the
reputation that has been attained by
Igriatian.' : . ¦ •
Ignatian Council's Reception.
Robbed While Asleep.
While Richard Price, 2014 1£ Dupont
street, was asleep on a chair in a sa
loon at 523 Jackson- street" early yes
terday, morning his gold chain, valued
at $25, was stolen from his pocket. Po
liceman Nelson was notified and he ar
rested Robert Wedin on a charge of
grand ldrceny. When Wedin .was
searched the stolen chain was found In
his possession.
The executors of the wilK are Henry
A. Smith and A. J. Corbus. . They are
to serve without. bonds 1 and are direct
ed to see that" during', the, lifetime of
Mary H. Smith, "the mother of the de
ceased, she; shall receive $150 a "month!
The will of Carolina Smith de Santa
Marina, .which was filed for probate
yesterday, enriches several charitable
Institutions. To the Hospital for Chil
dren and Training: School for Nurses
and the Protestant Episcopal Old
Ladies' Home she leaves $5000 each, to
the'Armitage Orphanage, the Maria'
Kip Orphanage and the King's
Daughters' Home, $1000 each, and to St.
Luke's Church $2000.
Eleanor Freeborn, Georgina C. Hop
kins and Sophie Zeile, sisters of the de
ceased, and Henry A. Smith, a brother,
are left the residue, of the estate after
the following legacies have been paid:
Mary E. Blacker, a cousin, $50,000 (iri
the will proper she left $25,000, that
amount r being doubled in a codicil);
Bode Keefer Smith, a nephew, $500;
Margaret and Anita Polhemus, cousins,
$2500 each, and Eugenia E. de Santa
Marftia, , niece of the deceased's hus
band, all jewelry and furniture of the
deceased and trinkets of her husband.
Mrs. De Santa Marina Bequeaths to
Charity the Sum of Fifteen
• Thousand Dollars.
WEALTHY WOMAN'S DEATH
ENBICHES INSTITUTIONS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay.' -Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
JCOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide /a the same at boh places. vj .•
' * , TUESDAY. DECEMBER 1.
Sun rises ...>. -... 7:07 a. m.
Sun .sets . . . . : . 4 :50 p. m.
Moon sets «....: it:31 a. m.
C |Tlme| ' JTime! j ITime Time'
£ J 1 Ft. { Ft. I Ft. Ft.
p |L W| - _'(H W( |L \V |H W(
"l 2:0f>: 2.1' S::52 5.6 "3:121. 0.3|10:OS Ti
2 •2:!52| 2 3 0:0S 5.8 3:54,-0.2 10:59 4.H
fa 3:38 2.4 0:44 6.Tt 4:361— 0.7 11:40 4.S
4 4:20' 2.510:25 0.0 5:10—1.0
H .W! "L Wl H W L W
R 0:35?- 5.0i 5:07i 2.7 11:09 fi.O 6:04 1.1
6 [ 1.24( 5.1| 5:561 2.8 11:58| 6.9 «:5O— 1.0
7 I 2:10 5.1| «:50; '2.»|12:50J 5.7 7:3S|— 0.8
8 I 2:58[ 5-2| 7:50| 2.9| 1 :4S[ 5.4| S:29|— O.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning, tides are given In the lefC
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrencs as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tfile of the
day, except when 'there are" but three tide3 as
sometimes occurs. The nelKhts -'civen are In
addition to th« soundings of the United States
Coast Survey* .charts, except when a minus { — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
tipe charts. The .plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters, f
Sun, Moon and Tide.
In the affidavit filed yesterday by
Edith Madden, the wife of Captain
John S. Madden, U. S. A:, and defend
ant in the latter's suit for divorce, she
complains of Madden's failure to com
ply with an order, recently made by
Judge -Het>bard. The order directed
Madd?n to pay^his wife $200. within five
days, $100 -for counsel fees and $100 to
relieve her immediate necessities, and
also restrained Madden from prodeed
ihg further in the case until the money
was paid'. Mrs. Madden .says she" has
not received the money and that not-'
.withstanding the restraining: order,
Aylett R. -Cottpn, Madden's attorney,
has taken the testimony of Marjorle
Kirkpatrlck, an army nurse.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday/to Narcisse Lefevre
from Clara Lefevre for desertion, Stella
T. Schiller from Emil G. Schiller for'
cruelty and Martha. Schmidt from John
F. "Schmidt for cruelty. Suits for di
vorce were filed by Thomas G. Millar
against Grace Millar for desertion,
William Vaccari against Mamie'Vac
carl for cruelty and Medora A. Holland
against David Holland for cruelty.
MBS.. MADDEN COMPLAINS
OF HUSBAND'S ACTIONS
Says He Has Disobeyed Court Order
to Provide Her With
er, secretary,
Steamer. ! • For I Sails.
Excelslcrr. .. .'. Cooka Inlet »t Way Pts. Dec. 1
Dolphin. ...» Skagway & Way Po'rts. Dec. 2
Valencia...... Ska^way & Way Ports. Oec. 4,
Bertha Cooks Inlet .i Way Pts. Deu. 7.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. [Dec. 11
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jDec. 16
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports.JDec. 17
Tyee Having Tough Time.
The ttSK'Tj-ee. which Was sent frciji Seattle
to tow the disabled, steaxcsliip Meteor from
.Dutch ; Harbor to the Puget Sound port, Is
havine-'a' hard time of it in northern waters.
••According to the last word received she was
sheltering from the winter gales under the
¦lee. of- Latcuche I-sland, Prince 'William Sound.
It took her .four days to reach her place of
Ehelter from ¦ Yakutat, ¦ which pert she l^f t
November S. -She was covered with ice, but
in soite of the terrific weather through which
she passed had sustained no damage. With
this laet.word of the Tyee came :.he intelligence
t!;at the weather was improving" and that the
prospect was goud for a ih.iT passage to Dutch
Harbor. . .
'highwayman;. tbies • ; : " V
".• •• ;;•"¦. TO BOB . THE . MINEBS
Criminal -.' Activity of . a Stranger -in
... • Arizqna." Suddenly Brought to". '..
'¦',.'" '¦•"•/a-Haltr..:;. • '•• •' -.
'; PHOEXIX, Ariz., XDyJ-si— A mart-ber
Sieved "t.o-be-'Thoitas".Grady-ls ia jail in
•Bisbte charged : w.lth ' ¦ highway ¦': robberj-,
Jie*. secrtfed' bhnseif behind a'.eecjion
huiT.se.-in-..th!? early evening aad.Tfhen:.the
:;nVrW irprh th'e'Gopper Queea cauie' off
j.-hi/t 'h^ld thern.'iup as .they parsed by'thc
place.' 'lie -caught fdur -of tjjera E4ngly in
tkW fnamjerj* :but-orily;pecurea.'a'. nickel;. -.
Finally' a. p'artj- .'of four came alon-g and
h* 1 ' halted; the'rij: .^A'.rnthcr 'nam^d Ii.'. ti:
Price instead-, of .throwing " up' his ' h^nSs
clinched "witii- the • highTrayman and- suc
oeedea"-*rnaU 1 lrming..him' and taking ji.im
to jail.-.: :jtie. only identification Is a"'dis
cliarge fr<irn. the ' army bearing -the name
of T'hqir.&.s Gradj-J The -man 'arrived in
fiisbce-- a '-few.' duy« ago and- says Sheriff
Lewis' s-a'ld' "his 'way there. from Tomb-
e tone. - The SherlCv has 330 recollection of
the . incident./. " "• '. .•."-.'¦"•. . - - ..
The Overdue List.
The same of the British ship Musselcrag
wbs acMed yesterday to the overdue list. She
is out seventv-one days from Aigoa Bay for
Sydney, and is reinsured at 20 per cent. The
other overdues are quoted as follows : . Lurller.
20 per cent; Fifeshlre, 50 per cent; Paris, -Ct)
per cent; Talca,- 15 per cent; Michele Bianchi,
15 'per cent; Thalia. .90 per cent; La. Bruyere,
30 per cent; Beechdale,- 10 per cent; Thoroille
bank. 10 per cent.' . .-.-.. ,. '•. ».
Will Leave for Tahiti
' The Oceanic Steamship Company's' Mariposa
will sail to-day fer Tahiti with the usual
cargo. -Among her passengers will be E. B.
.d> Golla and wife, and Mr. and Mrs. J. Lamb
Doty. Mr. Doty was formerly United States
Consul at Papeete, where his brother nov
fills tiiat position.
Logan Will Sail To-Day.
The army transport Logan will sail 'at noon
to-day for Maplla By way of Honolulu, Mldvay
and Guam. Her passengers Include the Twen
tieth Infantry and 110 officers and army fam
ilies have been provided with first-class trans
portation. .The troopship will also carry "a
large cargo' of military stores. , " '
MOTHEB-QIVES >ON- V' "V- '.,
; •••,.¦:• : . POISON . BY' .MISTAKE
Yourig Ma-n':Dies ;as- Sesult'-of'.'Aeci
• * . •.>.' •'dental,' Dose, of •..•••.¦•;. - -.
" - : * •"::>.* '•'. y-- Acidv- ; ¦.•:•¦.• ';• " • •
. • LOS-; ANGELES, •Xbv^O.T^Knowing;
no.En£lish\arid -heihg "-uriahfe to .read or
ivri.te,- Mre.. : Maria-.Ye'rd.e ; a.dmfrii$tered.
what. -ehf ' fetfp'pojsed • was-' ..medicine to
iuan,':her ii-year-dld '.-son/ 'and""' tin
minute's :- la'ter " he'j^ie'd. -in .her- arms iri
t.-rrible-' agony. : .''She \ h^d. j gi.\>en-' 'him
carbolic apid by-mistake^ ' : '. ..; . ;'/.-
The boy- was- • ill consumption and
was under a. doctor's • In
the Eickroqrn. were a-humber - of bottles
cf medjeinfe .and near .by a .'.bottle .of
carbolic' afcid, which was u«e<i -for dis
infecting purposes. The bottle contain
ing the acid -was similar in -stae'" and
shape to that- which held medicine and
the mother,- .in the semi-darkness,
poured out a tabiespoonf ul of the poison
by mistake. ' * :
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Alice Cooke,' wHIcd appeared
off th« heads late yesterday afternoon, left
Puget Sound for Honolulu.
The steamship George W. Elder left Astoria
yesterday for this port. She was detained there
on account of a breaking bar and rtarted a
day late.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark ' McMahon is chartered for
wheat to Europe at 11s 3d.
The British ship Pass of Brander is char
tered for lumber from Tacoma to Valparaiso,
for orders (1'is-apua Range), at 30s.
The British ehip Mayfleld proceeds In ballast
to Australia.
Notice to Mariners.
The agent of the Mexico and Orient Naviga
tion Company at Topolobampo reports, under
date of November 13. 1903. that the buoys sent
from Kan Francisco have been placed and that
there should now be no difficulty In entering
that harbor, as these buoys plainly mark the
channel over the bar. J. C. BURNETT, '
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in Charge*
The Alameda's Cargo.
The steamer Alameda, which sailed on Sat
urday for Honolulu, carded an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at $139:987 and Includ
ing the followlnj: 11,851 lbs sugar. 1S32 pkffs
freeh fruits, 276 pkgs fresh vegetables, 1020
pkgs potatoes, 143 pkgs onions. 1305 lbs 14
pkrs fresh fish. 2210 lbs 9 pkgs dressed poultry.
bo2ii lbs dressed moat. 2150 lbs salt, 12,367
lbs 11 cs ham and bacon, 54,270 lbs malt
9100 lbs 7 cs bread, 13,000 lbs codfish 10.651
lbs S pkes dried fruit. . .7418 lbs 104 pkgs
raisins, 7»i5 lbs 5 cs cheese. 7750 lbs 8 cs
meals. 251 cs canned goods. 600 lbs oleo
margarine, 000 lbs coffee. 15,280 lbs lard 7570
lbs butter. 3601 lbs beane, 15 bbls baking
poTides, 1OS2 pkes groceries and provisions,
«i«33 sals 64 cs wine, 23 cs 1$ pkgs liquors
100 bbls beer. 177 c* mineral water 145 cs
liquors. 2 bbls spirit?, 1 cs alcohol-. 0450 lbs
10 rkss dried flsh, 463$ lbs glucose. 3t»S lbs
15 pkgs candy. 2313 lbs rie*. 60 bxs paste
152 cs esgF. 1370 lbs chocolate MOS lbs 2 cs
nu V' !S2 lb8 ,^T «< tobacco. -113 i>kg 8 drag,
and sundries. ISo cs boots -and Khocs 16ft pkss
dry roods 2 c« hats. 17 pkgs saddlery and
names*. 2181 lbs zinc, 24 pkgs wagon ma
terial. "16 pkzg sacks, 252 pkgrs paper 77 cs
electrical supplies, 4 bdls brooms 72 bd!s 3"
pes Iron, 54 bdls 08 pc« steel, 19 pkgs sewing
machines. 19 bxs soap., 7 pkgs machinery. 10
bdls car material. 10 Mis canvas, 16 bdls
leather. 24 cs arm« and ammunition, 24 pkes
bicycles and sundries. 20 tins matches 18 kees
nail*. 490 pkgs paints, and oU». 2 colls row •
.VW) lbs resin. 35 pkgs Pickled 11 cs canned
salmon. 140 ctls wh^at, 370 ctls barley oesi
lbs middling*. 11.905 lbs bran. ,
Exports by the Cosmos- Liner.
The German steamer Nicarla of the Kosmos
¦FROM 3 SEATTLE.
Walter Apted. a butcher, , connected wKh
the : Golden- S.iore market, 10S Clay street.
Fpra'ihed one of his ankles and bad : hls face
tlightt}-- .burned yesterday through "the ex
plosion-of gasoline vapor in the <5pen launch
Snug. The laufich was alongside 'Jackson
street wharf ond between the time the Sn.ug
had been lakt operated and yesterday when
Apted Ftarted the engine considerable- vapor
.from a leaking gasollng tank had accumulated
beneath the hood which protects the machinery.
The first srrark that "flWcered exploded the
vapor, a fiery tongue of which singed ApteiJ's
fave. In his hurry to "avoid further injury
the .marine butcher slipped and sprained his
ankle. Burns and sprain were treated by Dr.
Digging at the Harbor Hospital. The launch
was not seriously damaged by the explosion.
Hurt in • Gasolin* Explosion.
PORTLAND, I^ov. SO.— Captain Joseph
Kellogg, a pioneer steamboatman of fhe
Northwest, died in this? city to-day of old
age. Captain Kellogg was 91 years of
age and for the past fifty years had been
a navigator on the streams of Oregon, and.
Washington.
Pioneer Northwestern Skipper Dead.
NEW YORK — Arrived >fov SO— Stmr " Aura
nla ~ from , Trieste, etc. ; stmr Victorian, from
Liverpool ; stmr Finland, from Antwerp. • « , -
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Graf
W»lderse<\ from Hamburg for New York
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov : ST.)— Stmr Ar
menian, from New York; stmr Cymric, from
New York; rtmr Tritonla. from Montreal;
cttnr-Itomati. Trom Mai.li-eu). • *>"}¦>..¦¦%¦ %
MOVILLE— Arrived Nov 30«-Stmr Parisian '
CHERBOURG— Arrived Novi 30^-Stmr kal
eer Wilhelm der . Grosse. from New York for
Eremen' and proceeded. • '
NAPLES— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Gibraltar for
Genoa and proceeded. . I. , ,
• ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 29.
• Stmr Wbiteaboro, Olsen, 14 hours from Green
wood.
• Monday, November 30.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, Jahnsen, 28° hours
from Eureka: bound to San Pedro; put in to
land passengers.
Stmr Despatch, Levinson, 45 houra from San
Pedro, ballast.
Stmr .Ventura. Hayward, .21 days _and 14
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu, 5 days and
16'i hours.
Stmr Centralla, Erickson, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 10S hours from Ta
coma. .
. Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42; hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Nome City, Moore, 75 hours from As
toria.
' Stmr Arctic, Reiner," 25 hcrurs from Eureka.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 13 days from Umpqua. .
Schr Madsen, Cook, 20 days from
Port Hadlock. ;
Schr Glen, Nynian, 31 hours from Inversens
Landing.
Schr -Roy Somere, Solland, . 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Advance, Ogidnessen, 10 days from:
Coqullle River. I
CLEARED.
Monday. November SO.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka, P. C. S.,
8. Co. •
Whal bark California, Joseph, -whaling,
cruise; William Lewis & Son.
SAllTED.
Monday, November 30.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Smith. Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. . *
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels. Astoria* and Port
land. . • •
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. * .
• ijynr Francis H. Leggett, Jahnsen, San.
Pedro.
Schr* HbnoiDU, Lurman, Anacort«s.
Stmr JIandalay, Payne, San Pedro.
•Schr Eesefe K.", Merrlam, San Vicente Land*
fng. • " .
tfchr .Mabel Gale, Johnson, Portland, Ore.
Schr Robert R. Hind,' Erlcfcson, Grays. Har
bor.
Srtir Maiveema, Smith, Whatcom. '
• John A., Olsert, Eureka. . |
*Fc bark Vlncenncs, Faloun, QueenBto'wn.
TELEGRAPHIC. V;;
POINT LOBOS. Nov." 30, 10 p m"— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 mllee per hour.
SPOKEN. -. . •
Nov 2ff, latitude 35 north, longitude
-tShlp Acme, . from Honolulu for Delaware.
Breakwater. . . •
DOMESTIC PORTS.,
PPRT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 3fr— Stmr,
¦ Coos Bay for San Francisco; stmr Bonlta for
Sun Pedro. , ¦•
Arrived Nov 30 — Stmr Brooklyn, from San
Pcdio. . 1. •:;
TATOOSH— Papsed o'ut Nov 30— Schr Wll
bert L Smith from, Fairhaven for San Pedro;
Br ship Cambuslcenneth, from Ludlow forMel*
bourne. " .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr
Santa Monica, from Etireka; stmr Chehalls;
hence Nov 20/ , • -
• PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Nov 30— Br bark
Brunei, for Australia.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Xov 30— Schr Volun
teer, for San Franclsto.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 30— Schr Ludlow,
for»Townsend: »tmr Alcatraz, for San Fran-"
Cisco: schr Meteor, for Port Townsend. .
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 30 — Stmr Che
halis, hence Nov 20; stmr Santa Monica,' hence
N-ov 25.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Nov 28— Echr Wllbert
L Smjth for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Queen,
hence Nov 27. ¦ '
Sailed Nov 30 — Stmr Umat ilia for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Wyneric, for China and Japan
via Port Ludlow.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 30— Br stmr
Wyneric, from Seattle; Br ship Saragossa,
f rcm Pert Townsend. ,
WHATCOM— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Rainier, '
from Seattle.'
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Homer,
from Seattle.
Sailed Noy 30— Stmr G W- Elder.' for San
Francisco; strar Navarro, for Coos Bay; stmr
O C Lindauer, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Arctic, for
San Francisco/. 30— Schr Mary E Russ, for San
Francisco; stmr Senator, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 00— Stmr Iaqua, hence Nov 28:
etmr Pasadena, hence Nov 28; stmr South
Bay. hence Noy 2S.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Texas,
from Philadelphia.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Sailed Nov
29 — Ship Arthur Bewail, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS. '. .
VALPARAISO — Arrived Nov 15— Br shlD
Dltton, from Newcastle, Australia.
Sailed— Ger ship D H Watjen, for Valeta
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov 27— Br «tmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver/
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Nov 6, chartered to
load— Ship Emily F Whitney, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Hawaii, for Honolulu; echr Koha
la, for Honolulu; bktn-Puako, for Honolulu
schr W II Talbor, for Honolulu :. bark Yosem-
He, for Honolulu; Br ship Lord Templetown, for
Honolulu: schr Ariel, for Honolulu; ¦
Sailed Nov 26— Br stmr Ivydene, for Manila."
Sailed Oct. 10— Br EhlD Earl- of Dunraven,
for Panama. • \ .
CA1E TOWN.- Arrived Nov 29— Bark Chal
lenger, .from Townsend.
DOVER — Passed Nov 28 — Ger r atmr Herodot
hence July 24, for Hamburg. " '
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Nov 12— Ger stmr
Denderah, for Hamburg.' . \; '¦•'-, • .. '
SHANGHAI— Sailed . Nov 14— Br stmr in
verncss,^for Moro»an." ' ,
SINGAPORE— Sailed Nov 2S—Br etmr Rich
mond Castle, for New York. ¦ .
PONT A FERRER A R I— Passed Nov 29— Ger
stmr Albenca. from New York for Manila..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Le\vis T. Williams, -2006A Kfoward
street, s.ecured- warrant'3 yesterday for •
the arrest of "John Hooper, John Green
and* George Green on a charge of bat- ,
tery. He said tfiafthe three defend
ants- were rldictiHnpr his wife on Sun
day an.d when Jie interfered to pratect
her from further insult he was attacked
and badlv beaten. •• *" *i T
Beaten While Protecting Wife.
i steamer. " Destination. | Sallg. Pier.
December 1. j
Nlcaiia Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Ctarlna.... Coos Bay Direct... ...... P er h
Phoenix Mendocino Glty ... \ pm Pier 13.
North Fork. Humboldt ". 5 pm Per >'O
Martposa... Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 1.
December 3. ;
Sequoia..'... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20!
Empire «*>" Ba V Direct... 12 m Piejr 13
S Barba'ra ' I-os Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
OiJco?; Coqullle River .... « pm P er 2
Cent?a ia... Gray, Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboidt i" am t*ler i
CentcnniWr ' Seattle & Tacoma. P pm Pier 20
City Puebla' PuRet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 3.
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
HIE- ZS3T&Z?:. SSfSS-
Newbur*: Gra >' 8 Harbor ..<.. 4 pm Pier. 10
W Krawr" Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
n 'Tv,n«r ' Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 20
r w #«;; Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pt«r 24
G. w. Eloer DeC ember 5.
c **„*•• L 0 ? Angeles Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2"
S Monica.. Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
5, l ,\?L ;. Humboldt 9am Pier 13
Pt Jtt;;" Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Pt -, £™f ' - New .York ,. . . Pier 25
Arlzonan... N Y v , a Panama . 12 . m pi er 40
*;^E 0 /}--;- -Astoria & Portland. 2 ! pm Pier —
G.Llndauer. De cember 6.
S Rosa Ra n Diego & Way. 0 -am Pier 11
Pomona' ' '.' Humboidt 1 :30 p Pier ' 9
December 7.
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports- 10 am Pier 11
Umatflla... Putrct Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 9. |
Columbia... Astoria & Portland.lll am Pier 24
¦ December 10. | 1
Ventura.... Sydney & Way. ...I 2 pm Pier 7.
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 1 10 am Pier 2
TO SAII..
Steamer. r From. 1 Due.
Empire....... Coos Bay & Port Or! ord Dec. 1
Montara Seattle Dec - *
Del Norte.... Crescent City Dec. 1
Chlco......... Cocjuille River ........ Dec. • 1
Senator '. . Humboldt ...Oec. 1
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 1
Tellus Oyster Harbor Dec. 2
Sequoia I San Pedro Dec.< 2
Aby.dos I Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 2
S.Barbara.... Seattle &. Olympla Dec. 2
O. Llndauer. . Portland & Astoria Dec. 2
City of Para.. N. .Y. via Panama.... Dec. 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 3
Edith Seattle ••• De °- s
China China & Japan •. . Dec. 8
EuTcka :. Humboldt , Dec. -3
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt Arena Dec. 3
S. Rosa... San Dleeo & Way Pts. Dec. 3
Umatllla.. ... Puget Sound Ports Dec. 3
Chehalls Grays Harbor Dec. 3
M. Dollar Portland & Astoria Dec. 4
R. Dollar San Pedro Dec. 4
W. Kruger... Tacoma Dec 4
Leelanaw Tacoma Dec. 4
Pomona .. Humboldt Dec. 4
Bonlta Newport <fc "Way Ports. Dec. 4
S. Monica Grays Harbor Dec. 5
' Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec,. 6
J. Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma . . .. Dec. 6
State of Cal. San Dlrgo & «ay Ports Dec. 7 j
Corona Humboldt Dec. 7 |
North Fork. .". Humboldt Dec. 7 i
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ... Dec. 8
Coos Bay San Pedro *i Way I'orto Dec. 8
T?»tni«>r Seattle & Whatcom.... Dec. 57
SahJos;:; ? .:: New Yofk via Panama. Dec. 10
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Wate.r and Forest Association
Jias issued-a call for the annual meet- !
ing" of the association,* which will take J
place -in the rooms of 'the Chamber of j
Commerce at io o'clock on December j
10. The committea makes the following
statements in. its call:
, As the reports of the work done In Callfc/nla
by the Department of Agriculture, Irrigation
Investigations, the Geological Survey and tho
Bureau' of Forestry will not be available, no.
business of importance will be transacted at
the meeting:, which will .therefore adjourn to
some flay in April, at .a place to be named
herealter, when the reports will be available.
At sucfi' adjourned meeting the question of any
future legislation will aUo be taken up. more
ftspecially ouch legislation as might be deemed
advisable, either to amend or alter the water
laws of California; and all suggestions on this
point will be received. " •
After the reports of the Investigations have
been received It will 'be known whether It will
be nece5*a»y or not to appear before the next
Legislature of California with $. request that
the appropVlation made by . the State at its
past .Legislature ftr the purpose of conduct
ing Investigations' "In* connection with the' de- ,
partments at Washington should be continued
for the years 1905 and 1906. •
! J Any member of the association wh» has
! jiow ready to' submit any 'question for discus
sion at the adjourned annual meeting i.« re
quested to communicate such suggestion to the
association, and sOTne will be published In Vhe
January number of ' the paper. ''Water and
Forest/' providing that It Is received by De- I
cember 10.
PORTLAND, O.re., Nov* 30.— The
fteam^hip Oregon, for nearly twenty
vears one of the O. R. and N. liners,
but for the pttst five years in the Alas
*k.a trade out of Pucet §oun"d, has been
bartered by her original owners to ply
"on. the Portland and San Francisco
rlfute, for trjree .months' from Jnhiiary 1.
'Her firs't work qn her old route will be
• rb relieve the . steamship * Columbia,
..which is "to be laid off for her annual
•Dverhaulirig, .but as -this vri]\ require
;r»ucn "ess fhan three .months, 'the* vessel
"will probably' be" continued upon the
roul'e for a while :as . an extra boat to
tatfe care jqf the heavy freight offerings
.chat'.- have, overtaxed the : carrying ca
•pacity xif the 'regular liners.
- Tiie Oregon-'- was a wcllrknowji craft
-jrioh'-t'he'.. Portland .-and San Francisco
*ouie-.' .She was. brought out from the
..3ast."*ij ; the- "spring of 1ST3 by Captain
>iahcis "£qn^r/vwhd was succeeded at
•:h^ ¦.ti'rijer'o-f -his .death by'Captain-Gus;
• :aV6 ,ij. .-" Jessen,,. the". distinguished, bar
pflgt,. v no:w\rnaster : pf-tne Steamer Eure
".ca,- ; w.h,6sne .eu&Vfi i's.'for- the- Government
iarhe.d hirnj the cqnifmeridatiori of -Chief
•sf -Engineers -Wilson and. the. official's. of
;he geo'detiG. survey,. .Captain Poleman
subsequently, took charge of the vessel.
.The- decline, in the California business
:>.>•; w-a'ter.-which.hadfQnowed the open
-rig of -tiie railroad, together with' .the
general-' sluftip- in "business, sent tjie-Qr
•g"orl inj-o'- retirement, in . .1834, -although.'
.the' made' .occasional trips -as an. extra
Toa< after'-that time. When tfre.Klon
like excitement "broke out slie was sent'
aorth". .from Portland for" a few. trips,
'D-ut was .sod.n • ¦withdrawn" and- sold " to
?uget Sound parties. Her "next owners
•quipped '-.her witn.;. new b'oii-ers and put
aer"--in-. good shape" -.throughcijjt, • -They
n ere so'.sliccessful.. that she -repaid her
PErchase'- price "and all- of . the '.cost of
repairs upon. the first two- "trips that she"
made. . .. "•''•".'.¦ "• •"..•-"¦
Special Dispatch to The .Call
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
A portion of the third floor 'is given
over to an art' gallery, whsre many se
lect and excellent works of art are "on
exhibition. These pictures alone are
enough to bring countless visitors to
the new store.
The management received numerous
floral pieces yesterday in honor of the
opening day. These scattered in pro
fusion about thr main floor gave the
place a pretty effect.
The old store pn Market street will
be retained by the management 'and
will be run as an installment house un
der the name of the Grand Rapids Fur
niture Company. * - '.-^ : :
The officers of the firms are John
Breuner, president: Herbert Fleisch
aker, vice president, and Emmet .Wild-
On the fifth floor the tables and
chairs are" exhibited. " Tha sixth con
tains Oriental rugs, tapestries, settees
and accompaniments. Some of the rugs
are works of art. One Persian hand
made rug ii quoted at $3000. .
The top and seventh* floor is given
over to the carpet department. .Patrons
are able to select their carpets under
the light from two immense skylights.
EXCELLENT ART GALLERY.
The fourth is known as "the I "bed
room-, floor."- Here beds of extreme
richness are set up as they would be In
a house, giving the prospective pur
chasor opportunity to see what he is
going to buy. as it would appear, in his
home Some elegant sets for thp bed
room, the prices of some of which range
up into the thousands, are on exhibi
tion. '
All of the floors of i.he huge building
are done in maplewood. On the second
are dining-room equipments. The third
is what they call the "library' floor."
Off to one side of this floor are the* ex
hibition rooms of the establishment.
Here are six rooms arranged as they
would.be In a -house,' fitted up to suit
the most fastidious person. . On enter
ing one sees a hall receplion room* con
taining all of the latest furniture. Then
come the living room, reception room,
dining room, "den" and bedroom. The
furnishings are grand and appropriate
and would do credit tp the house of a
millionaire.. - . • •"" '
The management "has made no effort
to use the establishment as a, store
room for all the furniture the firm has
on hand, but has artistically arranged
about the floors; in a picturesque man
ner samples of everything carried.
FINISHED IN STAPLE.
The Johfl Breuner Company's new
furniture store was thrown qpen to the
public yesterday afternoon.' The inte
rior of the big structure is arranged
in most artistic fashion. Seven ' vast
floors, 87^x137%, contain some of the
finest house equipments ever brought
to the coast. No business was done
yesterday, the store being given over
to visitors. . .
The 'Ventura brought 127 passengers
and 1003 tons of general cargo* Her
steerage passengers included twenty
four Japanese trom Honolulu.
Among the passengers were „ many
people of prominence. Spencer Lyttel
ton, the ' distinguished Britisher who
passed through here a few months ago,
returned on the liner en his way back
to London. E. W. Bonwick, another
passenger, is an English mining en
gineer who has been looking, after some
Australian . gold mines for British
clients. Sir Julian Salomons, Attorn.ey
General for the colonies, came up from.
Pago Pago on .the liner.." •'.
'The passengers included the rfollow
ir.g named: • :
; Sydney— Mr. and Jin?. . J. B. BraJthwaJte,
Robert G Gordon, Mrs. E. M. Kirkland.-, Victor
S.. Wolff J.- F.-Bra-Khwaite. Mi?s Cassie Hay
ward P. S, G Mackenzie. J. B. Braithwaite.
Miss Edna- Hay wa'rd. MIfs M. de Rocjuemont,
'Mr' 'and lira. H R. Abraham and two -children.
Miss E." Hasselman. 11. S. Saxby. Mrs. M.
Weber -and two clfljdren,. Miss Eliza .Emery.
Miss J Hasselman. Miss 'Elsie Saxby, ! Miss
Ilene Weber, Mrs. L. Fisher. Mrs. M. Oxen.
J. W Wright. Miss Mary Weber, .Mr. and
Mrs. V Murdock .iliss L. Oxen.
Auckland— E. W. Bounick. -Hon. . Spencer
Lytte»ton."-Mr. and Mrs. 'A. Dean Willcocks,
ii: C ' Cameron. Ernest Schaefer, R. Beeman,
J. J-V. Kent, E. E. Olson. Miss E. Seefeld.
PaKO Pago — Sir Julian Salomons, H. L. Lton
bercer. E. W. Huff, J.. H. Warfield, :G. H.
Ed 3y,- Edwin Stutz. .
Honolulu — Mr and Mrs.. Gordon McLean,
Mrs. G K. Wilder, P. J. Ramos, C. H. B.
Fowler Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Wright, Mn Jeni
fer J ' .Wilhelm, S. W. Kilpatrick. Mr. and
Mrs -A J ' Wi>son ar.d children 1 . ' A. H.
•Irvine. "H Ehlers, F. H. Jordan, Mrs. G. W.
•Henderson F. W. Peterson, Mr. and; Mrs. E.
J; Franklin .A. Snedly. Mrs. Werner,. Mrs. G.
Rodrigues .abd -child. Mrs. McShane, ¦ Mrs. T.
L. ae Gew. J. B. Baum, Mrs.- Fernandez.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura arrived yesterday, twen
ty-one days fourteen hours from Syd
ney ar.d five days sixteen hours from
Honolulu. She- arrived strictly on
schedule time and in spite of a strong
ebb tide and numerous obstacles in
the way Captain Hayward docked the
liner in style that won a smile of ap
proval from Captain H. Q. Howard, the
steamship company's superintendent.
It* was one of the prettiest dockings
made along the water front for many
days and that under conditions which
would have tempted many mariners to
rest at anchor until the tide took" a rest.
To Central America— 1SS bbls flour, 14 pkgs
groceries and provisions, SCO cs dynamite. 80O>
cs blasting: powder, 4 cs blasting caps, 6933
railroad ties. 1 towboat (valued at $8500), 1
cs dry«soods, 100 coils wire, 2 drums gasoline.
1 cs shoes, 3 kegs staples, 2 bdls paper, 12
pkes assaying material.
To Ecuador— 1613 bbls flour, 1G00 eals wine,
loO cs canned salmon, 7 pkgs provisions, 143
cs assorted canned goods, 250 lbs dried fruit,
13,705 lbs lard, 4 cs boots and shoes, S7 bdls
brooms. ,10 cs gasoline. 400 coils 54 bdls rope,
20 cs oil?, f~ cs paints, 2 cs leather.
i'o Peru—^129,707 lbs ! malt, S00 lbs lard,
3427 lbs drieJ tish. 1200 lbs meals, 120 cs
assorted canned goods, tiO cs canned salmon,
205 gals 2 cs wine. 6 \>kgs honey, S pkga gro
ceries -and provisions. 050 lbs dried fruit, 20
pkgs paints, ? cs axle- grease, 32,000 lbs tal
low. 1 roll leather, 4 bbls 25 cs.oils, 11 bdls
66 i»cs 'pjpe and fittings, 262 bdls 7 colls -rope,
3 dpims carbide, 11 cs drugs and sundries, 6
cs boots and shoes, 5 drums acid.
To Chlk — 42-15' cs canned salmon, 200 lbs
codfish, SS cs assorted canned goods, 2 cs
boots and shoes.
'To Germany — 1,046,160 lbs -dried .prunes, 6
pkgs agricultural implements, 7 pkgs paints,
1 cs paper, 1 pkg machinery, 2 cs rubber goods.
To Holland — 353,410 lbs dried orur.es.
To Italy— 250,415 lbs blues^one.
To France — 290 cs canned fruit.
To Mexieor- 137 bbls flour. ' 1904 gals 12 cs
wine, -JSS5 lbs 7 cs bread, 8-16 lbs hams and
bacon. 117 cs canned goods, 312»pk3* potatoes.
117 pkgs onions, 357 pkgl mucerlea and pro
visions. 1000 lbs meals, 2731 lbs 3 a> dried
fruit. 200 lbs beans, SO gals 5u cs whisky,
800 lbs lard, Gi pk^s lresh fruit. 2050 lbs
sugar, 230 lbs butter 0142 lbs r!ce, :'3 cs min
eral water. 530 lbs 2 cs spices. 201 c* 20 gals
brandy, 20 pkgs liquors, 2720 lbs 1 pkg raisins,
9 pkss paste, 4 JO lbs soda, 3 cylp ammonia,
5 bdls canvas, 10 cs oil. 34 pes pipe, 4 bales
hose, 14,400 lbs resin, 10 cs boot* and shoes,
C0.000 ft lumber, 7 coils rope, lt> pkgs ma
chinery 25 cs paints, 8700 lbs cement, 13 bxs
canrtles. e pkgrs drugs, 1 bale leather, 4 bars
1 bdl steel. 30 kegs nails, 78 bdls iron, 15 cs
tar, 3 cs tar. Id cs arms and ammunition, 2
drums acid, 900 cs dynamite, 500 cs blasting
powder."
line sailed yesterday for Hamburs and way
ports with an assorted merchandise cargo con
signed to the port of destination and the prin
cipal ports of call valued at 5i:$5.4SJ and dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico. $24,078; Cen
tral. America. $25,030; Ecuador. $14,700; Peru,
$I3.«7»- Chile. $10,732; Germany. S2y.lO7; Hol
land $7:<O^; Italy $S'.MJS; France, S1400; Eng
land! $100. The leading exports were as fol
lows :
from Montreal for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Wtni
frledian. for. Boston.' ¦-•"•
Pending Investigations, No
Positive Action 13
. .. * Probable. - .
.Vessel Is to Be Used Because
of * Heavy Freight^
. • • . "•' Traffic
Coast Liner -Oregon Will
* • .Resume Run to San
' • ;•' • •' Francisco.
Water and' Fores t Savers
to Hold an Annual
'• 'Conference. .
Great Furniture Firm Is
Now Ready for Busi
. ness. on Geary ~ W- :;
yJV Street.
Reaches- Port on Schedule Time and in Spite of Strong Ebb Tide and Ob
. . stactes in the Way, Captain Hayward Docks His Big Charge in Spien-
I did Style-Liner Brings More Than 1000 Tons of General Merchandise
CALL IS ISSUED
FOR CONVENTION
NOTED STEAMER
IS TO RETURN
VENTURA ARRIVES FROM ANTIPODES
WITH MANY PROMINENT PASSENGERS
NEW BREUNER
STORE OPENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,. DECEMBER 1, 1903.
10
AP VE BTISEMEITTS. *
soap, does • nothirig but
cleanse, it' has no medical .'
' properties; for the color of
health arid health itself,
use Pears'. ' Give it time.
£ Sold all over the world. -. . ,
BAII.WArjrBAVEl;
i y***^"*^"i^sTiniiwt«Vriri7HtlnWTr»tt ;^'l^
I CALIFORNIA 1
g a.lS1IT£t9 TO SHIGAGO |
j I Leaves Mondays ted Thursdays £
! at 3:30 a. m., through In 8 days, |
| with diner end all trappings. J
Other Santa Fq Trains:
7:M a. m. ) fof Stockton,- Fresno, Bakarafield,
8 : 03 p.* m'. ) Merce<i » Haniord and VUalia.'
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. \'._
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
-Chicago.
Tickkt Officbi 641 Market St., and Ferrr
Depot, *5. r. Also llli Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AN J NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPANY.
Tlbuxon Perry, foot- of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAIT EAPAELi
AVEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O. ll:0O a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a, m.: 1:30. 3:3O.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAN PSANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— £:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:16
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra tziD at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 6:05, 6:25 p. m:
Leave I In Effect " I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sent. 27. 1903. fSan Francisco.
"Week I Sun : I Destlna- j Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | day*. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
¦3:30p 3:3Op 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30a ~ 9:10 al 8:40a
8:C0a Novato, 10:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
•5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a| - 10:40 a 10:20 a
! S:0Oa Fulton. - 7:35 p 8:20 p
8:30 p| 3:30 p |
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur?, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservlUe, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. ,
7:30 al 8:00 a] Hopiand )10!4*>a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 pf and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a|. W11I1U. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! J10:4O a|10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30.p| Guernevllle. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p #
*7:30a| 8:00'a| Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p] Glen. Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| 110:40 a|10:20 a.
3:30 p| 3:30 p| ScbastcpoL | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Sosa for "White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
seryMe for Skajrgs SprinKs; at CloverdaJa for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvlil". Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for-Vlchy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake Witter Springs, i Upp«r Lake. Pomo
Po'ter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerlya
BuckneU's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*»
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg
Westport. ' U«al : at Wllllta for Fort Bragj^
Westport. Sherwood. Canto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlnea. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
een's. Dyer. Qarbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. - .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at balf rates.
. Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. K. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manatee .' ' . Gen. Pass. Azt. ,
ADVESTISEMZNTS.
, — . .— . ,— _. _. _. , > , — ,-, . .,,.,,,..,, JM -,,-,,,_„_„_,, ._._ _
Diseases of Women Cured.
HORE PROOF:
"In five weeks* treatment Electro-
chemistry cured me perfectly of a se-
vere rheumatism, which caused a
swelling of the ankle joints and a
stiffness and lameness in my knees.
The pains were very severe at times,
and there was a great weakness in my
back. My general health was greatly
run down, and besides curing my
rheumatism;, strengthening my back
and relieving me of my pains, the Elcc-
tro-Chemic treatment has built me up
m every manner."
* MRS. MAJiY RICHARDS,
.213 Shotwell St., San Francisco.
consultation rhrr
AND \-Hh[
X-RAYEXAMINA-nONI I ILL
Specialties _, Coa«amptioa. Catarrh.
Bronchitis, Asthma. Cancer., TumorT
Dea/neM. Head and Ear Holiei. Sheuma-
tijaa. Paralysis. Keuralffia, Pile,, m-.
e««es cf the Stomach. JUver. Kidney, and
Bowels. Special Diseases of Uea and w«
men. All chronic diseases.
HOME TREATMJEXT-If you live a t a dis-
tance, try to co:n« for a personal examlnatlorL
ELECTRO^CREMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GEAHT AVE, Cor. Post.
, SAK TRAITCXSCO.
Officf Hours— 1» a. m. to 6 p. ra. and 7 to 8 p
B. <li!ly; Kurdajs. 10 a. m. (ol p. m.
Separate apartments for Isdies and gentlcme n _
APVEltTISEME JTT3, .__
JT y *Ti»^ jfj; Tj sf ? al ILJ W J~ it* «^>
f*Sr rf * l—^— j^^gg i
) ._ •"
PositiTely* cured by these . \ '
UttloPill3. •
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfa,
J bidig«;stion aad Too Heartj Eating. A per-
• ! feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, DroirsI- »
' | ness, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Ccatcd Tongta ;
! j P*in ia the Side, TORPID They ;
i Regulate the Bowcla. Purely Vegetable.
Small PiH. Small Dose.
Small Price,
RAILWAY TaAYEIi. r_
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Xr»ln« le»v« wml »r» due to arrlv* »t
»AN FKANC1SCO.
(Mat* Dae, Fooc of Market 3tr««t.)
tIATI — fBO3l XOTBJtBKKa. lSCJ. — A«Kr»B # *
~7.00a V»c»*tUe. Winter*. Rumsej*. 7-65*
7.0'Ja Benlcla, Saisau, Klrr.:r»ajd 9»crm-
meot* T 7-25» *.
7.30* V»!le^>. N«P». C»l!sto«».* S«»4*
Kom; Martinez, Saa Kuan..^. S-2Sf.
V-30* Nlle«,'t.tTermore, Tracy. Latbrop.
Stockton r .*. • 7.2S*
800* SJ>*»ta Exprwi— (Via D*t!H. .
Wllltami t,1or Bartlett Springi), ..^ 5 . •
. willow*. fFruto. Ued Biaff. ,
Portland. Tacoaia, Sentt'ie 7-55r
g.00> Darn. Woodland. KBlKhu Lauding.
•• Mary«vme. Or«»llle 7.55? •
8 33* Port Coata, Martinet. Aatloca.
i Brron. Tracy. Stockton. >'ew- •• ..
.1 man. Loa Uanoa. Mendota. ¦
Arraoia. Ilknford. T! s t»lla.'\
• PorterTllls !.^.... 4.25'
8.30a fort Costa, M»rt!a?z. Tracy. Latli-
¦' • ro(>. Modftto, Merced. KretBo.'- . -
Oosnen Juact!<yi. Haafor*. '¦¦-"__
VUa:ia.-Bakersfleld , 4.5W .„
8-30* XUt», Saa Jane. Llvermor,e. StcielE-
ton. I tMllton). lone, S*cr»in»ato,
PlacerTllle. • MarysTtlle. Calco,.
° Red BlnS 4-2S*"- '
' 880* Oakdalc. Chinese. Jamestown. 8>.
nnra. Taolaoine and Anxelt 4 25?
800a Atlantic Exprets—Ogden and Eau. 11.23a •
8.30* Richmond, Martinez aad Tfij!
Stations ; : 6.5»» ¦
1000a Tb<f Oyerland Limited.— OcJen.
Dearer. Omaha, Chlcaso ».2S*»
1000a Valleja : 12.25* .
10 CO* Lo» Anjr«le» . Pawenger — Port
Costa. Martinet, Byroa, Tracy.
Latbrop. -Stockton. Mfrced.
Kaymoni. Freano. Goahen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Baker»neld. Lo» Angeles 7.23*
12.00k Hayward. Nllea and Tfay S»tloa». J.J5r
ti-OOr Sacmmeatj HlT«r Steamers... ...« til. iflf-.
3J0r Bsnlcla, Vrtatei^. Sacraanento.
Woodland. KntgfcM Landlnt;.
MarysTllle, QttniWt and. way * ;•
• stations *2-??*
3.30r,Haywanl.XlIesand Way Sutlons.. * I bar
'!* 3.30r"Port Costa, Martlaez. Byron, " -
Tracy, Latbrop, Modesto.
Mefced, Fresno aad Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25F*
I.30P Martinez.Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 254'
4 QQf Marttnez.SanIUmoa.YalleJo,Naps,
* - Callstopa. 3auta Uo»a 9-254
4. OOP N!les..Tracr. Stoclcton. Lodt '.. 4.25P . •
4 30r Uaywitr/t. N4Iea, inrlngton, San I *3.56*
"• Jos'e, LlTermore I til. 55*-
B CO? Tho Owl, I.tmlted — Xewm-fn. Lo»
Canos. Mendota. Fre'snp. Tulars.
BakersSeld. I.o» Anseles 8.55a
6.00p Port Costa. Tracy. Btociton .: 122Sp •
t63Or llaywjird. Miles and Ban Jos« 7.25a ¦
6CCr- Hayward. N'lles and Saa Jose..... 7 .. 3.J5*
6CJr Eastern Express— Oftden. DenTer. : . •
Omaba. St. Louis. Ohlcago anit .
¦ £«st. Port C.osta. I'.-nljia. Sul- " . •
• un. Elmtra, Daris, Sacraifleato, .. . ' .
"] Kocklln. Auburn, Col fas. * *'¦
Tmckee. Boca, Kelt, Wads-
worth, Wlaaemucca 5 2*5' •
I S.OOr Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... V 755. ¦' '
I 700F Vallejo, Sunday onir ,...• f . '.•° 3 '
* 7-OOr Kichmond. 8an Pablo, Port.Cosrsv
. Martiaez and T*Uy Stations 1125a' ¦
. 8-CS> Oregon & Call fornla Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle, nodding. * .'
PortlauS. Puget Sonnd and East. 9 55a
IAQt Hay ward, Klles aotl San Jose (Sub- °
" dnyonly> i--*.-- -. ¦ '**-**'*.'•-
COAST LINE (.t»rn.w - «ia»s«>." "'
(Foot of Mitrjtet Street.) ¦
8.15a Kewark,. OeaterTlile. 6aa Jcsa. •" .. •
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Saau " • * • "-.
Cruz and Way Stations 5 5j?
t2-iSi > Newark. 'CeaterTllle, 9aa Jusa. ¦ -." .
. * New A\madea.Lon Gato«.?e:toa.
Boulder Crrek, Bunt* CrSs and . ' .
Principal Way Stations MOSS*
4.16> Newark. SaaJose, LosOatos aad » *8.55 4- .
. - way stajibn* » :10 55 a.
*930p Hunters Train. Saturday only, Saa .'•.-
y..,.». Jose and w»y Stations Returm-
lng from Lo» Oatos 6nnday only. t7 25f "
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. . - ;
From SAN T*' KAN CISCO; f out of Market St. Olrpl) .
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 515 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot «f Brondway — t«:Ot> tS:08
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 P.M. •
.COAST LINE (Uro«d «n«e). ''
fr ( Third and Townsend Streets.) . * ¦
6.10* San Jose and Way Station*....' -8. 33*" .
7 00* San Joae and Way Stations...;. «.. 5 39p.
8-OOa New Alrcaden (Tnes., Frld.. only). 4.10r ""
SCO* Coast Line Limited — Stops only Saa > ..:
Joai, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. C*»troTllle, 8*- .'•'
.» Haas. Saa Ardo. Pa&o Roblea, * •¦
6an»Marsartta.SanLulsObtsp<\ • •
Principal stations tbeace Surf ¦ .'. *
(c«nnectlon foa Lompoc) prtnet- *
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. • Connee- * * * •
V- -'- tion at CastroTille to and from .'¦ '
Monterey and Paclflc GroTe..,.-. 1IM*far
8. CO* 6»n Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola, •'¦'.'
- EanuCraz,PaetacGroTe.SaI!naa, * - *
Pan Luis Obtspo and Princip*;
,_'¦__ Way Stations 41O , .
10.30* San Jmse and Way Stations 1.20F
11 30* SsntA Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
, __ and-WayStaf -» 7J0
IJOf San Jose and W^. Stations S3** ¦
i-UOf Pacific Grove Express-i-BantaCiarm
Baa Jo«r, Del Monte. Monterey. s • *- "
Paclflc GroTe (connects at Sahta • •¦
Clan for Sant* Cru*, Bonlder '""
Creek and Karrow Gauze Points) -*••" •
at Gllroy for HoIlisteY. Trsa
Plnos. at CastroTlllo for Sallaa*. 12'iS^'-
3-30r Tres Plnos Way Passenger 510 43*
t4 4br ban Jos*. (Tl» Santa Clara) Los .- •
UatQs, and Principal Way Star ¦¦'¦ *
.._- tlons (except frunday) t9-12»
•S"?? 1 * B »»JoseandPrlncipalWayStatlons tS.BO*
S-lQr Snnset Limited.— Kedwood, Saa u>< " w *
Jose, Gllroy,Sallaa8,Paso Robles.
Ean Luis ObUpo. Santa BarNara,
Los Angeles. Deminfr. KI l*aso.
New Orleans. X«w Tork. Con- .
aects at Pajaro for Saati Crui
and at Ca»troviii« for Pacific-
, GroTe and Way Stations 7.10*"
76.15? SaaMateo,Beresfore,Belnioni,Saa
Carlof, Kedwood, Fair Oaks.
_•• _ Mealo Park. Palo Alto t848*
t-ZB* San Jose and Way Stations. s.38a
1 1.30rSoath San Francisco. Millbrae, Bar-
. lingnme. Saa Mateo. Belmont. ' *
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park, and Palo Alto... 3.43r
«11-30r May field. Mountain View, Sunay-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara an4 >
Saa Jowe ;. ,.., *9 43p
._¦*•*« Morning. P for Afternooa-
ISnadayonly. • '
! Sto»« at all stattoaa oa Snaday.
•^_lSanday exeepted. a Saturday ooly. . "
I^Only tralas ssopplagr at Valencia St. soi:5i>ooo4
sres:10AJl^7:C0A.x ;t 11:30 A.x. L 3:902».x.aa4 6:S0f.«.
i^^^^^ Tt> SAN RAFAEL
ll^^^^P ROSS VALLEY,
fcjgfeai|i.y*i<v'^g MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
lj%gffifef*£^j|2f| via Sausalito Terry.
BuburbajQ "Service. Standard Gaugo Electric— -
Depart from San FrancUco Daily— .:0<£ 8:00.
»*.0O. J0:0O, ll.COa. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3il5. 4:1».
8: PROM 2 °M P 1LL* VALLKT TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO Dally— 5:43. *5:f>3, 7:52. S:53. 9:33.
li:20\rnr. 12::55 2:0O. 3:13, 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7:05. »:0O. 10:33 p. m __•'„.¦
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m dally — Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p m" week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomalea and way stations. *
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »t&. •
tlons.
Sundays only— 10 »• m.. Point Reyes and way
stations. .
TICKET OFTICK — 626 Market st.
. FERRT — Union I>pot. fr>ot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tu Siajalita fsrrj Arrive *
San Francisco Foot «f Mirtst St, San Francisco
VVcelc Sun- 1. ' n Sun- Week
Da)-*- <&n y^SfSX ter* Dava.
k I! i 4 5*i2 : «2 a \J^^^MT l*»si-»riii7 *
'*;Pg A 4:5Op »:5O»
*&ta«t wita itagt ttt Kysss sad ?JBira' eaaijr"
nCIK J «« Maricbt St.,( North Shore RailroadT
HTI7S ( and Saus auto Fkuy, F»»t Market J^».
ADVEBTISSME1TT3.
For Long Journeys |
• To invigorate and fortify
the system for exertion use
UEBIO
CiQMPAWys
Extract of Beef
Far better as a refresher
.' and stimulant than alcohol;
A Bracer without reaction.
Always . Rememfccr . the Fall Name
j^axative p,romo Qiriaine
Cores a Cold m One Day, Crip in 2 Days
onevcryButter, Cheese and Eggs'.
NEWCASTLE, "Wy»., Nov. SO.— C. D.
Minter, a cattleman, was arrested here
to-day, charged with having attempted
to kill Thdmas Goze and three other
men n«>ar Upton, where flockmasten
and cattlemen engaged in a battle on
Saturday with, rifles and pistols over a
division of the range. Goze was slight*
ly wounded and three herders received
bullets through their clothing. • Minter
says he* is the victim of a conspiracy
to seize his" range. He admits having
fought with Goze and his party, but
says they opened fire firsV
Arrest Follows Range* Battle.
RfcD AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6%0
7c per lb;: White Lead. . «&@7c, . according to
quantity. ' " . : ; ; " ¦ »
; SUGAR — The , Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, " per lb,.>ln
100-lb bags: Cubes,' A Crushed and
Fine Crushed, 0.05c: Powdered, . 5.50c;
Candy Granulated, 5.50c; Dry Granu
lated, -fine, ¦..-• 5.40c;- Dry • • Granulated, - coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 6.40c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only), 6.20c; Confectioners'
A. 5.40c; Magnolia A, Be; Extra C t * 4.90c;
Golden C, 4.80c:- "D," 4.70c; barrels, 10c more;
naif ' barrels, 25c more ; boxes. 5Oo mqre ; 50
lb bags, 10c more -for all kinde; Tabtats — Half
barrels. • 5.00c: boxes. 0.15c: H. & E. - Crystal
BAGS— Grain Bass. 5@5*4c.: San Quentln,
6 65c; Wqol Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7% m
8o- Cotton Fruit Bags, 6Hc,*6%c and »Hc for
the three grades; Brtfwh Jute. <5%@7tfc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington' $S;, Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $C 50; Bea"
ver Hill. §5 00;' Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5. .50: GVeta, $7; Wallaerid. $7; Rich
mond- $7 i0; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; .Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50;.Cannel, $8 CO per ton; Coke. $11 5O®
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
- OIL— Linseed. 40c for boiled and 47c for
raw in barrel*: cases, 5c more: Castor OH, in
cases. No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1O©1 12;
Lucol, 44"c for boiled • and 42c .for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil, extra "winter strained, barrels.
85c; cases, 90c: China Nut. 55@70c per" gallon;
pura Neatsfoot. In .barrels, "5c; cases, 80c;
Sperm, pure,' 75c; Whalo Oil,, natural. white,
B0@55c per gallon: Fish Oil, in barrels, 60c;
cases, 65c; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 68c for
Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15%c: Pearl Oil In cases. 22e; Astral.' 22c;
Star. 22c: Extra Star, Stic; Elaine. 28c; Eocene,
25c; deodorized fetove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c-
In cases, 23 Vic; Benzine, In bulk, 13c; in cases,
10>^c; 8C-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; in
cases, 2f%c. ' "
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c i in drums and iron barrels. ,
General Merchandise.
• There were no changes In Game. Receipts
came io hand In good condition and cleaned up
quickly. . '• ww J-'-; f
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys-. per lb;
live Turkeys, 20@23c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 75g2: Gosllnes, $202 25; Duck*. $5@6 jjer
do*en for old and $607 for young; Hens, $5®6
for Kmalland $6©7 for large young Roosters,
$5 r>O(S« 50; old .Roosters. $5@5 50; Fryers,
$5@5'60; Broilers, $4 50S5 for large and $3 6(5
@4 for small; Pigeons. $1@1 25, per dozen for
old and $2ffT2 £5 for Sauabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $.104 50 per dozen-
Canvasback. $3@6; Sprig, $3(33 50; Teal, $2®
2 50; Widgeon. $202 50: small Ducks, it 60;
Gray Gees<v $303 50; White Geese, $l@i 60-
Brant. $150 for 6mall and $2 50 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 60: common Snipe, $1 50: Wild
Doves. $1 25: Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and
41 25 for "Brush; Hare, $1 50. '
Three cars of Western Poultry, Including one
that came "in on Saturday, were on sale and
met with a steady demand. ] Sa!es were made
as follows : ' Hens and young Roosters, S7 per
dozen; old Roosters. $6 50; Fryers,. $5 50, and
Broilers. $1. Receipts of domestic stock were
very light, as usual on Monday, and the mar
ket was unchanged, with , prices largejy .nom
inal. There were not enough dressed Turkeys
received" for a quotation. .
.Poultry and Game.'
CHICAGO.
.Eastern .Livestock Market.
¦¦ CHICAGO,. - Nov.'. -SO,— CATTLE— Receipts,
27,000.' Including 2000 Western. Bes\ strong
to. 10c hlghfiri others 'steady."' Good to prlfrie
steers-. $5..20@S 05-; poo,r to" : . medium, $3 60@
4 90; Btockers and. feeders^ ' £2^4 10; cows.
$l-no@'4: heifers; *1 7fl®4 60; "canwrn. $1 J50QI.
2 40; bulls, $1 7Ji®4 25"; "calves $2@8: Texas
fed etecr's $3^3' 75; Western steers $3^4 25.
¦HOGSr-Jtecplpts to : day,. 28.00ft; to-morrow.
22.000. Mixed -and butchers'. -$4 35@4 70; good'
to choice heavy. $4 >15@ 4 65; .rough heavy,
$4 3534-50;" light. $4 25®4 55; bitk of sales,"
$4 40S4 B3u ¦ .* • • >•
'SHEEP — Reeeipts. 20.00Q. FUjppp. strong* to
10c hlgKer; lambs. 6teady to strong. *t>ood to
choice- wethers. $3 "5@4 25: fair to chojee
mixed.. -?3@3 75; Western- shepp,.$3®4 60; «na
tjve lambs, $3 50(35 86; "Western lambs $3
ig4-(55..'. .-•' ' -. ., " • ;
Visible. Grain Supply.
. NEW .YORK, Nov. 30.— The visible supply
6l grain Saturday,. November 28/ as "compiled
by. the 'New York'"P«xluce Exchange, is as
follows: . • ~. .?."-.., . ", .
Bushels. Ifrecsas*. Decrease.
¦Wheat- • .'30. 150, OM - 678,'OQO .,-... i ...
•Corn C.%77,000 -219,000
6at« .- 9.5W.000 276.000' ?..
Rye , 1,127.000- 211,000
Barley' 6.6C7.00Q 18,000
London Wool Sales.
LONDON S Nov. 30. — The offering? at the
wool . auction " sales to-day numbered 10,100
bales. Fine grades were firm ami in active
demand. Faulty was in -large - supply and
bidding was. less active New clip sold well
Ca*»e of Goo« Hope and Natal was In good
demand^ The withdrawals to date amount to
6000 bales. « \ .
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK. Nov. 30.— The cotton market
closed firm. 16 to 21 points higher, or at nearly
the. «><Et of the session.
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST._ LOUIS. Nov. 30.— Wool,' quiet. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 17®21%c- liirht
New York Stock : Market.
eastern: markets^
NEW TORK.. Nov. 30.— There •.*«' anarrow
and" driiting .market lor stocks to-day, which
resulted' in. only Fma.il net changes, . except .in
.tppf ml - cspps.'. There -was pome dpprwslon.
man'ifeft durtrg-.theearfy part of the. day. -end
this «u aegravated by :if It' was not entirely
due to- a. aitturbance of sentiment • I n. • Londod
over jhe rtltnatefl -rumors of trouble between
.Japan and Ru?s'ia. . --P.rbfessional. traders >ri
<Jpavcr*d to-^'xtp'nd th'e decline: here, but £hey
. nuccee*''^ in bringing out UUIp". etock an4.-ro
covered thPir short contracts. -TTie nJarket of
th# latter part of.-thp day .was'.decidedly firm,
'but the movement- was email, owing to the
dullness of the dfealipgs. The prevailing pre
miums in- eotrre of the lntSurtciai- stocks in the
¦ loan crowd kppt , th* rhortB uneasy, especially,
in eom<» of thoee Btocks ti-hlch were sold most
•frpply last. we*k. Khorts in Pennsylvania cov-
f-r»-d freely. The rise in the "money rate to' -9
P*r cent wae practicaHy ignored. In the. trad
ing, aa it was attributed to the arrangements
for tbe December settlement, which fund* It'.
was expected would return in a few " days" .to
the money market. The various movements
in the money market were .on a big ecale. but
?o nearly offset each other as to. have little net
results. TelecrapWc transfers of $700,000 were"
maije to San Francisco and authority exists
lor the transfer to-morrow to the same point
oC $1.000.000.. Such a movement Is not umleual
»t this period of the year. Last year in the
week ending December 6 tbe eum of $1,250,000
wan t»lermphed " through the eub-treasury -to
Kan rrar.clsen. The requirement is for the
crops. Arrivals cf foreign gold to figure in
next Eaturde*"'» bank statement alrta^y amount"
to over $1,500,000, leaving upward of a million.
<3o!!ars encacefl previous to to-day, but not re-,
celved. In addition about $1,900,000 was taken 1
ir. the -London market for Ne« I York to-day,
out of a total -arrival in that market to-day of
tome 12,750.000. .- There Is a feeling of asrur
*nee therefore against <nore stringency*. But
there I« not much expectation of any conslder
fcbie rite In. the money market during the
nionth of December, as fund* are likely to be'
retained ai the interior over the yearly settle
ments. The df-mand for crop tnovlnr purposes,
however, is bel*\-ed to be over for the present.
The rr.fa.rk. 1' t '.;-< <i exceedingly dull, but steady
and near the b*t-
Little vu drne in tbe bond market, bnt the
tone was firm. Total sales, $2,042,000. • .
ITnited Ftates new 4s declined^ per cent on
the last call.
> : I 2fEW YORK STOCK I.IST.
8tock— • ' Sales. High. Low. Cloee.
Atrbtsod 109,«00 C7»4 «6S W%
Atchison pfd 400 »0\i 00% i>0
Baltimore & Ohio. 14.200 7C*i *• 75*6 76%
Bait * Ohio pid... * ""•' *S7
Canadian Pacific... 2,200 117% 116'^ 117^4
Cent of New Jrr»ey 154 "4
OjeEape-aUe i Ohio. 700. .10% 30^ 30'4
0:^0 & Alton... 4,000 S3 38 32?i
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 80.— Clearing!, $708,801;
balances $196,374.. • - •> • ' • .
TACOSfA*. Nov. 3*,— Clearings, $389,726; bal
ances. $30,879.
PORTLAND, Nov. 30.— Clearings, >T37, 863;
balance*. $f)9,419. ¦ . 77 ¦ -,. \ -..
: SPpKANE. Nov. SO.— Clearings, $484,810;
balances, $17,838.. .. _; /x ¦• .--...
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Nov. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts.
40.000 barrfls; exports, 25.700 barrels; firm and
held firroor and winter straights. $4®4 10. "
WHEAT— Receipts, 116.000 bushels: exporti,
63.500 bushels; spot nrmer. No. 2 red, 88%c
elevator and 8»Hc f. o. b.,, a float;, No. 1 North,
ern Duluth, M'ic f. o. b., afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, f. o. • b., afloat. Options
There is nothing n»w to report" under this
head. ' '" . ' ". ' '
% «DRESSEj3 MEATS:
Wholesale rates from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : ; : \"
BEEF— 6@7c for Stfeers afld 4%@Qc per lb
for Cows. . • .
VEAI»- Large. 8fi9c/ small, 9®9^c per lb .
. MUTTON— Wether*.: 7%i88tfc; Ewes, 8®S%c
per lb. • ' . ¦
LAMB— 0%@10c pen lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. • " *
The following q'uotatlons are for kood, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkace for Cattle: . . "
CATTLE— Steers, 8®0c; Cows and Helfars
7i88c: thin Cdwh, 4®Dt per pound. " , ¦ '
CALVES — »@4%c pj-r pound (gross .weight)
" SHEEP — Wethers, 3-7i@4c; Ewes. - 2«®3v, c
per pound Tsross weight). 3 -•
• LAMBS — 4Vi©5c pew lb.
HOGS — Live J*og»^ 140 to ISO lbs, ..514c; over
180 lbs, 5c; Sowa, 2U per cent 'off ; Boarx, 60 per
cent off, and Stags. 40»per ceqt off from above
quotations. ". . • ¦ : . .' •
Meat 'Market.
Beulah E. Hook to EJmeneglldo and Ar.to
nletta Oiauncnl. lot on E line of Third ar»
nup\.75 — of .I^ke street^ S 23 by E 83:6; $10.
William S. and Kate K. Slmmonds to Jennie
S. Hutchinson. iot on-K line of Eighth avenu»,
22S S of A street. 8 "25 by E 120; $10.
golomon and Dora Getz to Mary C. Sears, lot
on W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 112:9 N of
M street. N 25 by W 114: $10.
Helen J. Campbell to Alfred R. Needle*, lot
on N line o'f U street. 107 :« E of Forty-seventh
avenue. E 23 by N 100: $10.
William C* and Sarah J. Hamerton to John
P. and Mary T. Branlck. lot on SE line of
San Jos? avenue. 2tS6 N'E of Twenty-ninth
street. SE M:6. SW 23. NW 89:«. NB 23:8.
lot 30, TISany and Dean Tract: $10.
W. F.-and Mary L. Wise to Matthew Tyler,
lot on E line of Goettlngen street. 125 S of
Ward. E 120 by S 25, lot 7, block 29. Paul
Tract Homestead: $1*.
Shepard D. Bailey to Annie I* Bailey, lot
on SW corner of Persia avenue and Prague
street. S SOO by W 100. lots 7 and 8, block 91.
Excelsior Homestead; grift.
Michael Jordan to Maria Jordan. Iot on N
Tine of Delaware street. 167:9 "W of Thornton.
NW 41:9. N 171:1. E 25. S 179:6. lot 23. block
1. City Land Association; aleo lot en E line of
Harvard street. 100 8 of Burrows, B 120 by* 8
100, lot 7. block 103. University Homestead
and property out of county; gift.
. :Emincllrie' L and' George E. Batea "to Lillian
M. Wheeler,. 1787: D.. 315. lot on 'JT line of
¦ Broadway 300 W or Baker Ktreet. W ?9:SH
by' N'.' 1-7: 6.- quitclaim deed; $lt>. .
' : Jamv«" W; .Harris -to Edwa'rd W. Pntnam. iot
.cn^V.lln'e'of Larkln »treet. 50-S Of 'Filbert.' 3'
'CO- by \V 1.17:6; $10/ ¦• ' "". ' '
;•: Harriet M. and- L»wis .Williams .to Paulln*.'
'-A-.E. "Baumstelger. lot on -N Una t>f G*axy*
.Street.- CS3* E of Webster. "E 34:4% by..N 137:6;*
•$;?>- •'.:.' ¦ ' '
• .. Julius-. arid Aona .Tblerbach to Michael J.
Hutfhi-s. lot -on NB corner of Scott street anj *
¦•GjoM'en Gate avpnu» * E 27:«J by N 120; $10.
.' "Patrick. and- Jeeslft Toomey '(Clancy) . to W. ".
" S.- Uphairi. lof on N line of 'California street,.
jlO Eof -iVAli>ut-...E'32:« by N 107:«T4; $10. '
:." Henrietta, G. and Frank A. Hlgby, Samurl-
B.- and .'Julia Smith (Clancy) and Patrick and
¦Jess»e.Toomey (Clancy) tor aanfe. lot on SB.
corner, of California *agd "Walnut straata, S
40 by N 107:6%; $10.
H "A. '. Powell to Eleanor T. Martin, lot on
SE "corner of Jackson and Spruce streets, B
37:6- by S 102:8U; $10. ¦
Mpllle G. and Charles ' Bellstedt to Annl«
Rpllstedt. undivided 'i of lot on' IS Un* of
Folaom street. 135 N of Twenty-first. N 25
by B 122:6; $10.
Arthur G. and Ellen Fitzpatrtclc t» Clara I.
Fltxpatrfck. lotion S line of Tw«n»y-s«con<i
street 05:3 E of Shot well. £ 23:3 by 9-95;
.$10. '' .
William and Emllle Bohle to BelUngham Bar
Brewery, lot on S line of Twentieth 8tr««t, 25
W of Alabama. W 50 by S 104; $10.
H. 'F. Wood* to Oustav Harshall. lot on S
line of Bush street. 103:0-% E of Grant avenue,
E 34:5% by S 60; $10.
ISrnestfne Lanxerop to Charles A. Dumont.
lot on SE line of Shipley street, 223 SW of
Fifth. SW 25 by SE 75; gift.
•MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30.
IfcEAL'. ESTATE • TBANSACTIONS. -
." Iron closed at. 48s Od In Glasgow and at 42s
S3d In Middlesboro. I»cally .Iron' was quiet and
•unchanged: tM:A foundry, jiorthpni. .$15@1»5;
:Nb. 2;do.'.$14'f T.'; No. 1 foundry; eouthern, and
d-o-' soft.: $13.60-314-. .. • . / .
¦ .iXE\N" YORK. . Nov." 30.— Spot tip ¦ declined
;£l J2s.<i'd''in London -and futures about £1 5s.'
¦tire'.tvo.-pcsltlbns closing at ' £ 117 17s Cd and
:£lin>respetf.tivfl> % . Influenced in a. measure by
Xtm -forelKtT weakness^' prices In New York were
lbw^r. rpot'-clOEing at $25 75@26; "
¦•."¦Cor'per ¦ was offered freely". In London 'and
closed; 2s ?d .lower at £54 12s 6d for spot 'and
'£54 7s 6d,--3s 90 lowpr, for future*. • Locally
Tcoppfr.-was more or lera nominal. Lake, $12 5f>
:t-]pctrolytlc,. ?12 ;.5;ca8tlng," $12. .
.- Lead-'.w-as unch&nKPd at -£11 3s 9d 'In Lon
don and-. at $| 25 in New York. .'""••
• fjpelter- was .unchanged at £20. 10s In th»
London" tnarkct. while here- -It was slightly
lower,- ppot "qaoted a-t $5 50.
Nhu' York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas-. 2»i7i4c per lb"
Rtrlnff. Beans, 2®4e per lb; Wax, 2<!?4c: J^invi
Beans. — — per IB: . Tomatoefj, 25i37nc pec
box for bay and 75cjf$l =per crate for Los-An
geles; Summer Squash. $1 per box for b*ty and
505iC5c for Los Angeles; Cabbage, 60c ppr
ctl; Carrots. 7!>c per eack: Cucumbers. $1S1 25
per h/>x for bay and CO® 75c -tot Los Angelps"
Garlic 6®8o per lb: Dried Okra, 12%c per lb"
Green Peppers, 35@50c per box for <Jhlle and
for Bell; Mushrooms. .15<373c ¦ ppr
drawer: Marrowfat 'Squash, $S®10 per ton"
Hubbard. '$12.
.POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, GO®
S5c per ttl; Salinas Burbank?. $1@1 45 per ctl;
Oregon • Burbanks. 85efff$l 10 per ctl; River
Rpds, •60@75c "per ntl ; Sweet Potatoes. $1@1 15
per cth. ¦ '
ONIONS— $1®1 25 per ctl. ';' • •
" The- Potato marknt >as liberally !«uppllpd and
.qul»t,. H-ith Ftrictly 'fancy ntcjck only rerMvlng
attention. Rf-ceipts oonsiatpd chiefly of river
Bwfhanks and quotations fwr. that description
had a. wider ranse. A car of Sweet Potatoes
came In -from Merced. Fresh stock was firm at
Jhe toy quotations, while carriPd-over stock-was
."dull. Onions were easy and there was a sharp
dcop irt prices. A carload camp in from Oregon
•and thertf were liberal receipts from nearby
points. |k .
A UrKft portion of therpceipts of Peas and
Beans" from Los Angeles came to hand. In". poor
condition and some very poor lots sold down to
75c per *ack.- The stock Mid pvidently been
picked whllpwet and became overheated while
In. transit. Receipts- of Lima" Boans consisted
entirely of frost-bttten stock, which could not
be disposed of at any price. Summer Squash',
Tomatoes and L'uc'umberg arrjvpd freely from
the South and prices had a sharp decline. Bay
Tomatoes were, very -weak and sold at a wide
range as to quality. One canner was in the
rtwrkPt' offering 15c per box and ppcured -quite a
quantity at Uiat flgurp. The market was over
loaded • with Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash
and round' lots were offerlnsr on the wharf at
sharply reduced -prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Fair and medium Hops are spiling in OrpRnn
at -14^150 ppr l>>, and some choice are chang
ing hands at 2*VJ' but th« growprs as a rule
arp holding back for bettpr prices. It Is re
ported that from 70 tp 75 ppr cpnt of the
coast crop has p.asspd =out of first hands. , Re
cent sales of fhoicp Ponomas at 21c ar<» rp
portPd. New York acjvloes ray that from t>0
to 75 rxr cerJL of the.: crop of that State has
passed out of growers'- hands.-
HIDES AND SKINS-r-Culla.jand brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. Oc; medium. Sc; light. 7%c; Cow Hides,
7«4c for heavy and 7f«c for light; Stags, 6c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted: Veal. 10c: Salted Calf,
10H@Uc; dry Hides, '15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
CaU. ISc; Siieepsklns. shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@60c eacp; medium, "Oi^OOc; long
Wool. ?1@1 50 each: .Horse Hides, 'salt.
$2 76 for. large and $2^2 50 for medium, $1 25
@1 7&- for smalt and ;50c for Colts; Horse'
Hides, do'. &¦ 75 ior large .and $1 50 for me
dium, $1©1 '25 for small and 50c for Col U.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, , 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 32c. Gcat
Skins — Prime Angoras,- '75<1: large and smooth.
50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c. ¦ ¦¦ . •
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4 14 c per lb; No.
2, 4c; grease. 2%©3o/ . • .
WOOL- — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. O^a
lie; Middle County. ll@12c; Northei n F.ree.
ll@12c; Northern Defe'ctlve. Italic; Humb»!dt
and Mendoclno. 12®145; Nevada. 13®15c; Ore
gon, fine. 18919c; Oregon medium, 17c per lb
HOPS — 19®21c per lb for California and 10a
21o for Oregon. . • . •
Hides, Wool,. Talloiu and Hops.
Tbere»is nothing nnv in thp situation. LIma&
ar» firm, but the other kinds are generally wealc
and nuiet. <
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25<52 40; Pea, $3@3 25:
Butters. $3 25; small White. $2 75fl3; large
White. $2 35(&2 50; Pink, $2 5O@2 65; Red $;«
:«'2r.; Llmu. $2 7B©2 95; Red Kidneys. $4. 25;
Blackeye. $2 1502 35 per ctl; Horse Beans
$1 -60^2.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard. ,$3; YpIIow Mus
tard. $2 65(B2 86; Flax. $1 8()®1 00; Canary.
6fa5Hc .for Eastern; Alfalfa. Il@l4e; nap<?
l%<52He;'"Tin»othy. e^iVic;" Hemp, 3V4@3i4o
per lb; Millet, 3<g3^4c; Brooro Corn Seed $200
23'per ton. , » ' , ¦¦ .
DRIED PEAS— Ortfen. $1 8032 per ctl
Beans find Seeds:
•¦.V -*i"11* .r^pp.ifitf ".*iT du't.iPi> 'on. iinp<irt : «; it ;thf -fiaji.
..- r.-a'nr'i'sr'o {"ii« om-V.inUfe «Sur.f.ng : th> —mixrth -nt
¦:>-ni-V>^ibPr . : v4tt>. jri7.y.0. r C».- :apalnst.:$5.Vl{3(^. in
. iitertftttpft; 'jf»02..: • 1 rhVr'<iMi>V^Pcf'ip*s"Trpni *3nu..
:fmtf L-tft'dat^-.iiVrc *.O,t«^t 4.".. '^itairlst.fC.oei.C^
d^rVh«V;tk».>irn;i? : f*>'tofl..-rasl ; . : Vea-r/-..". ; . "¦¦;: "¦ ¦".='¦¦
Bank Clearings. ¦
'•:¦¦:' T,^r>>; t«i;k' rlpa'rinK* In 'fCpyernbfr'yr'. r* $12.rf.j-"
•¦;TV^.;-rt?».> t1rj:V'.-'*1eA. : *n-" 'frrdni^fs'-lr '.ibK/ycar .is'eV
¦>'t« /*V>NV7S7..*.*2-. ; .fiir»."tei*j£ Jl.SSe.TSrt.rJSi) :f.f)i- ttm
¦ ; .¦ -r X". :•? Oiqtfai rtg $ ;r*fioa' : ; i n'. ". V.xrj, 3 • A 1 though- • t^e
.T^'«rf.s. ¦Fh <: :*;a i mirrt:*;<1-:incrpa*e-."ih tb«» .vnlUVpe 1
:ff. : ~\*£xy -VI uM-nffs' '• .djucing- \ t lip : -pa sf ¦ '.y esafi : \Y&
.'. trip* ring 5* -Vf-iirj^/si:.. .the" r>a»t.- f** : ir»il '•vf*'kv "hftye
:brppffl:?'h"t1v.'l^hi.n"d : ihfW'.C6rl-^'i2;i theUiim cjf
:.^.!.-TBie.;ieQiha>^-:at- thVr-.t'ni'te.'l Sts.t*s'.BraiTon;Mjirit
~_. in.-ljn.i*-'-ci}f. tn.-.No\^mber was. as rollo*-*!::' "• r";
v-f-i«tub>V:*aifi«'- : :^i . : - .¦.¦•¦ *<A: .''. ..V. .>'.''.$7.i60.^rto
: :&*!*«: .: , -¦: ..-.-. ... .v .;:..". r. .'. . ;. . ."..', i.2<*>..'«i>'
•.-^tarsaarxl fiiver. dql1«ir. : .V.'i.»..~.v..'. v". .. iin.i'HO
• -ttuatt-freoliars:;.-. l;..-..;.,'."..^!'.,,..'.;.^ . ¦ ir.$.(y*;
pg'JTatkji '^-^.^- ¦'¦ -VJ t iy": : :'..VV.."i.'.*. .<.:'.:t&,x?X-' r *'*
.¦¦"."l;n-Npv.»mi>»r."iP02. th^'eQihitr.o'w^s" $:t;ia"i. -
:-rxx,\ :ro.n?i?ij : ni? vir ?v.'.Kio.<¥to.:Jn. *¦ aci"?,- ;¦$» jv ; «mo"
;.;nvti.«Jt-.<p8g!ef. atid; fr»if^iOi» ih'rtaattrd^doSU^arf'
Weather Report. \ , - ~ •
'.'I. :•¦.- ¦; ¦• fcoUr,- MpTirtinn^-Paciftc i-Timo.")" ¦"'• :' -.' : '
.;.f"V:. ¦.• : .PAN.F'RA>"CJPCCV •Nov.r>0.-^ : .p:".TTi.','.
¦ :. -'"nh*'; f clinwing. • ar* ". the ¦ c^sbcu> raltifali.s ,Aa
¦Mat* '$*. cfimy ?ii-f<l .with- thorp:, of.- the- eamf--«iate
¦.-!»?rneaFori.- ana -thP.-rairifa"!! bfct&ft'tast-'t'wenA
•¦;':. " ' ". ';¦"• ¦-.¦¦'•"¦•.•....¦.•..¦. ¦•'.-.•¦-.¦.'
'.:?•'¦::'. : -'- : .:'¦' \- \: .r^cFt.r . -,Thi«i-./'.'.F^i.-t.'.- '.
' .." iFlafJons*- :". ¦•¦ -.24 Hours; -^aF»n. • •Sp«i«v>-i. . •"'
1 -Kurfjlt* V: •":;. ;. .:.-:. : ,'A.OO::- V: vl4Ca.; • '. : l:f;»"i'.:/
?lF<l';«luff.'; .;:.. <V V<>; (tO •' ¦-•..••"• S:I2 • -. v-lO^jOS •'
'.¦f : »"Tafn.rirto.\~:." : i .:;..;.ir', 0»"V.' .'• \ '. 3'.'Fi2-, '.--. " -3:*iv "".-
6-PO" '¦ - : -' ¦ --».44. ¦¦'¦ ' .}¦' T7-.Ps";- •
..V.rr-f-iin ;V.V>..-V •.¦::;¦..'¦ =O.tip^ ;] •:'.'- Jtt".'6t "-.¦¦ ' -S-.W; ;
¦-IncJ«>iirn<9.»nc*':.'.-.::vvf>'.Y>0-. :"• ¦ ... 0.-42 .".- -\ .s-«'"."7!>"- •"
¦-•p'.-.-t ObJfpo; •. vv- r ; .0,^>l'- •• C.-44-'-. V ; ¦"•3.«2."-";
. -lyo^-ArigoiPs:-:.^:; -o'.oo .¦•'.¦--'<< mt.- t ¦¦-. :2v4t--'
; : pi^trr,';y^.\:. : 0 .f»i>--- ' *. '..0;<^-_: ; %.'i-.5i.;'--
/..'•/'' : " ¦"'<"H^ .CO^CS.T; jiJiCORDJ.-'^';. ;: ;-' -"¦' '-' '.•""¦¦;
•? ••:¦•¦¦'¦• > ; " "¦'; : : : ' : S3. : - ¦."•*- \ ¦'» V'b.-'" ¦:'¦""¦ 'J? ' - v^
\ 1 \.y v I
¦ "Kfrti>r ¦..:.::.¦: "; .,.-:~W.r»ft.-. ;5.2".: 3« -FFI'. '-"Clfar ¦'• '.if'*''
"^ai'poh.J.V^V.-.-.nOvS'fi '•>.«¦ :; : |-'>K --jrii-ir- : : ;-.-W'J
,*P".UTPka -.C'.^ i T.W: W'\ M ; . i>2.;' : SV'- f-"l"aurt ji-; .".f«0 -J
.-P"ara'. I on ' ; '.v-:- . -. 3a.:i rt, "• m -;. rf.2 ¦ '-nav- •: Fmiry " ; .tV) !
-.T*lVsrv) : S ".'•. ¦:. <'.*> tft ; :«'4. i<*. ;f?..--.-;«3»fa.r -'.I^TiO:
¦¦•F'tfSt«W.'-.>;,;:vS.0'.'tS'- -'JV.4-: : 2S'-siV •-('Ipfff.^ --.Vm:
- P.orsjp'ii^ •'.' •-. "v :".:<ft-; :j<V ¦ 4*5-.; 2s ; r: ".-¦'¦ ;. .•• TpaV : • • .-<v>
•,p'Atm-.fip>»i«- < .r!fr:f»; ¦^.'iftl'.VN:; -.-: Forty". :;.:'.oo;:
.'iniipppijdPi)'-'* VKfst*. «5 -¦¦ '•42"-;AV-'; " :'<.i'«r-- : '.""vi*'
•ivno Ahjt<=1pf :-.-.-2^Vi'S- *;« :7i<i -.'>S!;-- ••<i«-ar"- : ;oa
'-'.; :.r«':l.l' 'f»T. •¦¦»»¦ .".-?? &•/; ?T.p.ii'r '.;• " ;<*).
Phwnix •¦.-.•; •.¦ a-iSV.av ¦ 7S.;'"42 " '.W- - ' : c£eVi:' : -';«)
'.Po'rtiand :".-;•, •;.-.!Jft..»'nj- -e*'^- yvr-'r-j/aV-.- 1 ,-* -t]
;Rcd" Waflf.'-:--.. :.!». r >.i2.-.'-'2 '¦4« V-JSJv'- ':<->«r"- ; .no']
." Ro^hu^g':.".:.-.'..: 'P-4- 1 :'-#.'.': 4> •¦.. ''v^-r'" --'A*;" -^ :
Sa rra m*n t'o • . -i 3<"».'rf . . (A- Af r " W - ¦ • ¦ J71/.»r '- : >'¦ -JOO ! ]
"FiTt 'l-^akp- .';.-.3n.;ss. ;42: ¦2*":;w.' .¦•:<^P8r - ; \ \f&.
¦ s«.jv Fp*n«>i_s«*i.'.S:V;i2' ¦¦/¦*& :':*.* . : NW- --rifftr ¦¦'.fV)'
"S. X.. ¦OMsi»::S0.»t:'W.»l)-^- ; -i-:(iTaf : ' ; ;# :
Kan 'piPfcV V.. J?Aj<v^.'iA:.:.i/r-ii:, :'• J.o'fir "•',•'. W.
. gpatfle ;'. ., .V.:«i_OC • «2. 4»«'. J-'K '/. ' Pt v Ci«ftr - 'W "
'^jjokanft -.-.-; I.." .S0.-l«. .i4 :^2: \N\V- 'Cfesj/fy : n'32-
Tatnf^h .'•..i..-.29,I>!5'"..r.f5 T.<) ..JR.- 5»!2;
'.Willa- •••v>"aUar3i>ylJ'<>4 JJ4 P^T v.c^ar •"/ .W:
:.-?,<y.^. -.W . ck- -xe ¦¦: JClemr-" ¦'• •; vOO.
-^Vurr» .•.;-./".v.-.^:^ v -'8O^';'i!i^>^X-V.r._f:ryr:.V-\0';
" "UEATHER * -.COTCDIT JON> ANf>- GfityERAL
: " ¦'"/• .- ".:- •/.. -vi" rpR;P«* Af^r ! /.. ; -:v-;-- ¦;;>-. .;.¦>•¦:,¦;¦
-";¦' .Thu'. •'pir»TOu'r«» .'"ha.«"....faljpii.-- Mowlyl^by^r'
ti«r"ihprn half of thP-.Pactfir>.S!?;ftP.: a;n"(jr:has.'.re-.'
• : rnainV>d;ii<»aT.l>'. Ftat'ionhry.VlF^w.Vjp; ;;•.'¦.¦¦>; : : '.->.:
'••.'• .Thf' ' w ; pat,hpr--co.ntinue> >;prin'.v.-;ii)l : ; So;ithp.rn;;
< r allf«frii«:: and 1 a{t«rnoVm- •4^n*pr«|turr»"."f jf^f ed'^ :
in>'*.V .dpcreflf'-arp r> l xiortf ; d;..f.r«m . ;.T-a.ri:; Lw'tsf.
'C''bif«r ; f> to .Lc* .- A'r*flcsV -'F%i -prM-aUs
¦'¦j~ar»Ilon>«-to.Po.int flp-yes-'arid-al^'T^.thebent'iv:-'
crn xnafu.". '¦¦ '¦•¦¦¦¦¦' '¦'....': '-'".*•• •¦•'•'-';¦/••: •¦•'.:¦•',-•'••.¦
¦•'. •.S'oHln.'*ia«.fa!lfn'.In Calif or^i.ia..; .¦.."• ..-N. -.-;¦¦
; : ".Fr>W ra^t^madp/Bt' ¦fi»n--"JprarT<;iFc l h. • ,:fr>i\ V-.39/
KcaT*-.»-i><llr.g-mi4niKhf,'p!p<ymt i >«r-.l.f'."..' .-.'•.••'..:••.'.
••. NrjrtiWTO-' .California
'crly^wind'./.'.-: -".'"•" .-" ! .~/ •' : -'-^cV'a.-.'1>.^"^.-V'- : ''-'!X'
'..: Southern: -¦California-' -^.Fatf:.- Tu«*day>" light
TiofthPTly.'.wifKj ; .ohah«1ng._iQ '-.we^terlyV. :;i -- ' '-.- .. .•."•- •
'•¦"-¦K-e\-kiia-T-iTalr- TEPKWyi" : 'v\"-.'S'V'- = : ¦" " -'- ; .-^'-- >
V : Kan • ¦F.rATirtE.cnj, aird-'. vJr.(n.Uy-^-Ka"lT- r.TT>*eday.;;
I !gh VnBrthVrl y -wind cha nging- .to'- westerly/ V "• -;
.• . '- '. A.Q.- McADIE". Dirtrlct For^caeter. ' .
Hay and Feedstuff* continue *t<?ady at last
wpek'B nuptations. Rpoplpts of Bran are now
niodpratp and of Middlings small.
BRAN— $20<§21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2ti!ir2.S per ton.
SHORTS— $20'g21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24 50®25 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27®28; Job
bing. $2K 5<Wi29; C&coanut Cake. $20<i?21; Corn
Meal. t30®31; Cracked Corn, $30 6OQ31 50-
Mixed Feed. *22 50(&23.60; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14@16 50; " Wheat and Oat
$13 T.O31C SO; Oat..$13gl5: Wild Oat. $11 60©
13 60; Barley. Ill@13; titock, $10«U; Alfalfa
$10iftl2 60 per ton -.
STRAW— 40(g65c per bale. ¦ '••'.• I
Hay and Feedstuff s.
rOTTOLENE— .Onp " half barrel, $%c; throe
hajf barrels. 8?4c; one tierce. 8%c; two tlprces.
S^sc; Rve ti'rrces.. 8-%c i^r lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light mpdium. 1414c for light.
15«4c for extra -light, 18V4c for sugaKeured
and 20<fJ21%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14%c; California Hams,
1394c; Mess Beef, 51160 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12012 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, $18;
extra clear ?2i; Mess. $IB; Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $23; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 7 Vic per lb fof
compound and 9c for pure; half barrel?, pure,
9Uc; 10-lb tins, P%c; 5-lb tins. 9%<f; 3-Ib Una.
10c. ' • ¦ •
Chicago Fhnwed little rhangp. That. mark"t
is not strong. The hpars. RSRist«>d bjj thn
packer*, are working thi> market dow.ti) but
not felling much'. " ' .. •
The only change, here was a. decllnp of 14c
in Cottolene.
HONEY— Comb ll®13c for white and' 0<310c
for- amber: water whiter extracted. 5<jf5V6c;
llght-amber'extracted. 4^@5c; dark. 3VS®4c.
BEESWAX— 274?2!>c per lb.-. '
'Provisions.- " " .
RAISINS — F. o. b. ..prices. .Fresno, for 1WXJ
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loo6e Mivsca.tel, 2-crown,
5V4c per lb{ 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown." 6\ic; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c; do. floated, 4>4c: un-.
bleach'ed Sultanas, 4%c; Beedlee*.
5%c. London Layers — 2-Crown. $1 25; 8-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2: .5-crown Dehesas.
$2.50; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2.
crown/ 6c jxyr lb; 3-crown. 5*»c; Valencia
Cured, 4\4c; Pacjflc do, 3?4c; Oriental' do,
294c. Seeded Raisins— .16-02 packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice,. IT£c: 12-oz' packages, fancy,
6s4c: choice. C%c; lp. bu\k. fancy, 7%c; .choice.
7?sc.
NUTS-^-^'alnuts," No. 1 softyhell 13%(g44c;
No. 2 im<gl2c; No. »1 hardshell. lS.513Wc;
No. 2," lliffllVitf; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10',4c for I X L. lOi^c fpr Ne Plus Ultra and
S94e-for- Languedoc; Peanuts v 6@7c for East
ern; Pecans. ll#13c; Cocoanuts. $4 60@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. S^lOc per lb.' and ll@12V4o
for Italian. ' . • . . " . *
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 8gi
lie for Moorpnrks; Evaporated Apples, 4@5^ic;
sun-dried, 3V4@4c; Peachea 4V4©6^c:' Pears,
6@10c: Nectarines. 4S5^c; Figs, white, 4@494c
in boxes; black. 4Vic; Plums, pitted, 6@9c "ver
pound. " '•' . .
PRUNES— 1003 crop, "2%@2%c for tie -four
sizes. . . •
The German steamer Nlcaria has cleared for
Europe with one of the .largest -.Shipments* of
Prunes on record, consisting ofi/.l, 048.180 lbs.
talued at S27.62S. for GprmanV' and 353,410
lbs. valued at $7392 for Holland.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Ciistoijis Rjccopts
J CTii&'AJton rfd... L2C0 70^ 'fiSJiJ 70'
1 tTiIcaj;b & G W 700 • 1514; 15^a 15>4
fchliaWBKJ..'..-.... •.. 20^
r. K'Tii '& Northwestern .V..".: ..".V 16R«i
•.! Chi Term & Tran^. 1,600 ' RiJ- Ri; S»i
'j.<-4il Term & T-pfd. ' 100, 18 . -IS - 15
C, C.--C & 5k.i>uis. ¦' 40K 73V4 73 : 9 73U
i Tolnrn'do Southern. ; 50»; 13- 13 12»i
:-c«in south 1-tit pfd.- •..;..:.••'.,,. -. ... Ri-.
'. Vnlo.po.uth 2<i"f>f'"-.-- •l- r 'O" 21^4* 2t'»4 -21'.
, KDetowar*. no4 Hud: -.-• 500 15<5\-"I55 15«
" [¦¦ I 'rl; • fcark- & T\' .-.'.-. - - : 23S 2"38 - ¦ 235 '•" •
Jfvpnver & JtW &..'..:¦' '.-. .,'. .-- . . '. ," . . .-'. . . 201;
. : I>/»h '&' Ilifr O pfd.-. .-. : . . i • . »".. .-.'¦ '. ;-, .¦• I '67
. i"Er'i«'.^.'.;-.y,;-...; : ...'..M3,I0fl 27'9i'-- . ?6-r<4 '27Vi
:|'>j-.fr-Jfi"pf(i; ."-.¦.-.,.• lr2W*i«7- «9'i' «>6^i
'f.ErJo'^. pW. «:.._:. ¦¦':r,i»\6 ,v4S«4 ¦¦¦¦« ki b 4«^ 4
•. <?f?3t :pfd-.;";"- r .:.^.. „ :... . . . . • J«O ¦
: J '>lo^klh(r Valley. -•../.•.•-.- JOrt. , .*T4 ->J '." 74*i" -74V
-\>l.^y bM ".-.ifH)-' SJU; .'-K1U, .kl\.
l:i>l|rti>i? C*nt«K -. ..i*-."l.ftOO .-"129*1, 12S^.".12S»-"
<i*I/mQC>iftna -.:.•.•::¦ 21^1. .ii 1 * "2i%"-:2i^j"
.'(•.(jowji" CfSitr>r rW>;-- -' ¦"- ¦•¦'¦' "• ¦ • • ;.:"..: •": 35
•i Karr City *; Po!mi.J..7l'.-r*00'. 2« -.- *1S«*V* 194
•v-Kf C gpuihpfd: •:-1.70O.;'.37\ . : :«'..: .34^
[ .tiiu.1^." A5' -NaohvlUe;. 12."4Oi» . 105*4 ia"!^»- fOSt4
.{.Mahh^ttRn -jL.-.-V.- .- 1 <iOii': ;H59*« "¦¦]3!>"..-:-'13«m
'•{ -Met f?t.-Rv :-. : . v. .*. .- '..:¦ -2. lnO/'l 1-7. .1 1 6U . llti\
;T Attnir &¦ 'St'-Limls'.:. -." 300 :• 61 . . -6ft' .fif) ,'"
'.] - Missouri': Pacific '¦.¦',.- -.10. W: -WJ4S7 'RnVl" »V*i4'
. I-Mo" ksn A Tpxaj.. • «,Trtrt •i~% " -r7'r".17*4
t h3fv**ttin** ! ttof-pii'' : sx¦to• "rw V ¦}.$$¦ .-. iw^
:SNor.. Hpcurltifs ."':..;• .¦....,:•;.:..'..¦'¦.¦ •.-..;¦.' *5^«i
[I M rr of m^x pfd: ¦•:..:..; '.".¦:..-,¦.. r--n«>4
j-?v V;.-<'fhtral. : . .". .. ?;30» H7^' 117 ' - -UTtfe
r 1 r>'v>r *- . \\>i=«^r.ni ; . .. '. .£0Q- \ '5B.»4 •¦' 5fr '.v . 'fifit^
f-K«ctUk*'A>'*>v>ft pfji :' .''.Vi..-'"'l "•..".-.•¦¦• ,".\': .s»i.
;.\ <»?tarto it Wc'stenV "2.! 00 " '20%'. / 204-"; 20*4
..j .i?jPRnpj-5va"n|Jt ..... f>i'.ii(Ki ; 11-5". •" ll.lii- l!4ii
rP:..<V< : «i St L..::- ":M.:v - .-;•>.••• .-;-.:" V 87- •
.|-R<-aaJhK .;.-.-...: ..., ; :i5.0fW. ;<1"U • -"» T i -40'g
•iKeadipR IM rfj. ."..: .¦•^ft()r .:75«, "75 ."75
¦ .«»nHln»--W'pfd". .'.."'. - ..:.•.••." V" ,_;.•.-. 5?ii
>,&.<*¦* VJsl»nd;«:d..'.;.y- 3,700 24"^ • 2-1% ' 2i%
.•.Rrtfiii: Hisn.i-.o pid : 4<ip. . -r'5»H -¦•i58. ¦¦•¦".>».•
•tiit.T,:^ s f j« p.M; ¦.:.::•'.';.'.a..".-.;-:'.' ."t?6 : -
t {srii.;<!f.!i.F.:2d pfi.:'-'-7^>'-'.'4K?».- 4,S '•-
; |.f!t;-li- Seiitjj*-#stem'.'- "."nwi -:l-f. •: 'l/f^- '¦ "l:y.<.
¦.f.^t.^ii-.ynuthwW pfd -i-.2<>« -3-2V' -'3H4" ;rj'
¦i'PV Paul-: »•;:..•.;..•.-..• . lff.tfon /l38"»-- Ja7»4 a»U'
.Tst ; Pjv;l prd;;. :>.::.. r. ; \\v' '-..:.-v';. \'..;:J72
1 ScfuthPrn.. Pffclflf •.:'. ."-.12'»."»rtfl" : - -*<}'l% 4.V'i"-./4R.V
. •.Sr'iiUiernR.ajrjvay;"..- .Vino: -.2rt: :" ". .lft.i*'--. if*?;,
?outh;7lalrtt : ay pfd. .. '2.P.0O • /77*1 ¦'•: 7«'« "'• -71,
¦ Texas -4-:-.Pacffld. -.."..-. Q.MHf ' p<^ ¦ 231^ - i>4'.r;
• T.ot»dt>'.. St >i. . lni}" -.20-'- ' Q(i- '¦ ;n . •
. J. y't -Ii. A- .iV-.^fi. .' ' "Hort .' ' S2H : "32« ' ':."!•.»'• •
" J'nion.J'ar.ifir..;-.,,;.". -r.V.^f!!) ".-"74S V tiW.' V74H
J Vhidn.PacifiK.pM:;- -; >t ..,."." •:;.. . ..'. . ',. '•;• . gn .tj
',\Kab«>h' ;•;. : .-,..".:. •_ «h> • 10*4 -" - i»*i • i»^
• WnT.ash' ;pfd.'i. .-.^'.; .5.H>rt ".SS^.l.-vUl; ..14-*i
" Vili'p'linp •:;."¦;' 2f»«'' I :>'!(,.• l s3 « ¦ 15 •
; ,\Vijif-'o'rf. .^c-ntfar...-. .-" -".'40<y .-"ins; " 16%; U\i(
5Visconr!n-.f.'opt pfd. • 200 ""37 1 1 . ~7. ••• 37 ' •'
-,'. ••.rxr>»s..-< I .on7patiiP8-^-- .'.' •¦". ' .-¦.¦.••¦¦.•¦¦ •• :
j.A'rt«jrns'..'. ~-.\, '.•:'•. , ..¦,•¦.*.¦. . .•.-' ".' + ', ;-.'•¦ • ..'..'. 220
] -'cnofr.iVjao-.-..., j._.i.;. .V.,:; '"^i,,."--" ."^. '. " ";¦] K<Y '" •
•'-.T I 'nir'*d..;f?tiites-- iV. : .'.-".. ; .V.';""'....-. ,'i".-.-' 100'
• \\V"llv..F>irgr»'r.f.., ,';.-. ••..^..-.'' =•'.";-.„ '•/;.::¦. .*¦.* "i HS • .
' v'.'M-lsreHaTVPooy.T-i- *.-.- . ' ' '¦¦'¦¦' • ''. ':.•-. .-:..
.Amat'Oirvfr'.O ...",.:".• S.7or>;-;-,:-{R'^ ,::t"%- l".'fi?U'.
Ampr ;:-*"a.r. •"£ Y'::. r . '¦: ¦W>'^Z\-"\<i ."¦ 18H'
¦^.rnprvC ••&;.• F'-pfd;*'. .¦ .'?on , mil "- 64" "•••: ; 64<A..
. 'Amfir^KIn -Oil'.-. ;•.':,' .;\.;. : . .'.',-. .'..•'¦ i.L".:'..- KU'
. .Ariipr: Ti •O^l:>f4". >v '.'i./iV- •'.,¦.'. ¦ .;.,..',.: ' &i&\
.pAbw-r -IJoc-i .: \i.: .:".•. it .40O." . ".1.4-^i-".-'- . 1 4-i-i".' ; i *^4'.
1 Ain^r ¦wVnycn- :rt<t- . .- '.1 .Ttnn ¦ -TJiii ' -. r+'-J.-.. - 74'"--'
'-ArWeir -Srniir &'-Rpf'-.i-.r{rKi * "'4*1,' . : '"44-. .'."4S%:
;'|.ATTV»r-'.S- j^'Ftpftifd". .:.\A."'" : '. .'* .. "-""./V. ; ¦ Ts,^-.
¦ Airipr;- "¦'SusVp ; K-t:..' -.7.koo.." "T22»i--. 121 ; "121 - v
J An«"^n<]a Min; ov>: .-..;:.¦ , .-;.. -. : ..-. .- ...";;.• '•,'• '.-jfn .'
¦ ITr<y!kUn:-R-ap'"Tr-aiV" 2.100-" -Ttfli' s «i- ¦ *6 %'•**; ; 30?i'
.Crtjo • Kni»l ! * - Tron',2- ." '6ffO' ; -25S'"'." 24 ". •'• -25' t
-•rprurrihu^* H <":J .\ ~.l..'".:\r'..~ : '.J., ;• ' lil'-V,
•.^Cphspiirtatrfi'lnp. .^-. "-l.oori ¦"its.' - 17*514". ;|ntf
n'hVrsi.. E|r*t>iv-;.;..i ..i.-'arvr.- t.v -'¦•-. 155 :~is9 •
.-irrt<rr; -.Pa-p?n -'¦ •—-.". .400 :i t ; ¦ .jou.- ¦ ">ou :
¦fnt»'r;=r:ftr*i ; 'pM.'-..v : . .,:".-- v.;/..-^-.-^/.'. ,- -fit ?.
.¦fnlrr'-'X-u'inp. ';.'.i .V.'. .-,";." ';[.;•;. '\-'s ".',".' • : "? 30 "¦
¦rriifT.fPurnp pfd •.:.¦". - r . •.'•'. V. '., '¦'/.¦:.:' ¦.'^.-.'i "«;s-.v
¦¦XfttJ-onal-'EifCu'K- .-/," • "3T0 *"'Tltei:' : 3!i ¦ .Vjjlt
.N : a,n_finar.l>ead-.. .-.'." ' ;'" ( **""l4ti'-':.'ii%-: 14^'
fforth" ATTieHfan" '. . : -i-.". # -J ;,-.-*. .'.'.-'¦ '.:.':'. ¦¦'. """ "? .
¦Po.>?iftA ;. ; r M'B.|f-..-.i..v".".."i}nrt '••¦27".'-. -2«14;- --2<^4
' -P«opi.ip'<;-o«s •\'..~.\ : "..sob : .:».ia£/ .n'tfi ' : -ft4>i'
¦T*i*i'9p* Ft »*1 ". Car .". .- j/iffqi. • .25 •' -.' _ .24 «4 -'¦ 24 *4 '
¦Prepp^fffitfifVpi'pfd ";.-: ;.", ;"-.;.'-;l. . ¦"• .-. .-,. . '¦ i;*-:
:PuJ1m'i-nJ PAl.'Cari/ '-'..".". *••;.• '. ,."./.--• ; V..'^ " £tn-'- •'
¦'Tbmtiitt6[. st»y'.>'t£ ..':-.'¦;',•:. •\'.y. i >:?;~± : ; -AKr
.Rep>ibl-ir..swi pfdi lijjDfi; :-A\.>' : ;'*()'¦
¦Rcbhef :Cp6<M'.: .-.'. : - J ;-7.00 -.•¦•¦ -if ijV;' l4tA- '-..' ir,r>' :
¦i3fu.bt.er •G.'j«iis.-r.td: / -,' 40ir>- ¦; ziK ¦ '~.7n ¦¦ •¦-.7iu.
'Ffjin-Ce^l&Iron:.' -;.'5OO- .¦¦•'¦2<«J'-.- : 27"fc >
••I* ¦¦;«" T>«atbi>i' '.v. ¦:.•':..". :-. ¦.%/.•¦•••'.'¦.'.•:¦¦¦ i-.-r.'J'.- 7?
-V:::& .'I»tner T>fd.- : ,".."..¦.¦¦ -.'.v.-i-:'. ."„."•" s "7iivi ;:
If ¦K-ir.u>'V!er ;".;.- .;.'.;,':.¦¦•'.¦'¦'¦' T-V." '• K : .:'.- ':?¦ '
t.--.s,:nubbfr 'r>ff*-.'.'.".:'>0*> - S55S' *;*5%-^ : .*t«' : - ¦¦¦
•v-P-iF.tei".?..^-.;..-'^^-:, i'i. :. : \f>^: -.in%
i;;--f?:Sfe^l- ; prd.':^ f v23.S0O: .r.2X4-; -r.lli; -MU
-W'^tejrtt;;'Uji\on " s : . '•¦••; l<v)- .- 85!4;. : .'-S5 1,4 •- j ±5% ¦
r 0 : '>*3:' '¦..- '.'. "I •¦¦¦-.:'".
: /!;U : :>!.v^vV':-jyE^'-.'TaRk'-"BQKi i >ii':'; l\J :.' '.'-I;
¦ If S:^ef 2a rpg:-.-:ifi5\4 Hock- yal.i-^sU'hW •
:*«*R"2WI«i.s t .i:ii>l")6Si Iv&.X-ltnifl^d." 4i--08 W
:: : -V:noV.l?s 'fee. V>". "1.07/- •MAn".r.on..jKdld.'4s.lO2^,'
;'.rt>:o .p.o'up:.-;-..V.'."l<)7' ,:Mci. Cent- 4s. ..U'-jiSW'
: ¦ ¦'Do ,ii?w.;4"s. reg^T%l?i\ - Do I«t' Jhc. . .:..' 15.1C
-..•r>Q -cbuD:..,->v.-.;r.rj.-J4 Mihn& Pt. L. 4*'..' $7*1'
.:. PAv.oH ,4t-. Wg.;109.-.'j:M.""K & T-4s. .;:'.¦ J)8?'
;,;.-I>>- : ootfpi ..- ;-,-;Wll(!-;-t" 'Do" 2nas.i :¦'.. : ..".' 7eVi
.-•,:D6-;«»."->W.y-.*.. J fin»."i;Jf nt M«x cbri' 4's. -78W
.=.i>i; ; ooupi.: .:.:;..,. iorij4;N, y ccnt.g svs.-.ot) *'
: Atch.BP.n-4s .-...- :,.! W Vj N.'X'Cent.g; •5s?..'129 i ;i
.. .Do. .adjr:.4s ;,:...'.' A7- Nor Pac 4s .-'.¦.-..;,' W2-A
At Coast: L 4s:,.: M Vi /.i}o -3s.. \j.';... JOU
"Balto. &.Omo'.4s"..:if>n% N- &..\v.con -ls.'.:-9«%
¦•¦^Vo.'VM'- --• °* ?i ° s '^' 4-s&Partlc'»2iL4-.
Cent of. Ga 5s... .104% Ponri <-odv.-3^«.-. 0.>Ji
'£5^f8 iS *'f# m &2&i StI '-' fi T M.coo-JlsH0%
Chl& Alton 3U,. 73 |fjtL & :S F fg 4s. f.'. *•
C. B &Q new U. fl-'i^ St Lf?W lBts,..! 02
.CF..&-.1 :. 72 -
.C.M.& P;P g-4F.n0 iSo.u. Pac 4s.\. ...K!»U '
•CM i-.NW-con 7sl30ii-Fo«. Ry Bs..; . ... ; r iv4
CRT * J? 4sV.... rO^Tcx & Pic: lstn.lll'i
: ~J ?O " oork •'"¦• " " '• • ' 7 * i < T - St "' C * W- 4s. 6H '• "
•OQC * -«t-:L.g"4s. fl7HUTniorl.Pac 4a.. . .if(2%
<-hl<-a»fo Ter." 4n.".. .7.V . I t><r conv An m%
:C.on Tftbacco 4s.. 63UTD 6 Steel ad'Bs.V-CSK
Cpltj;& Sou An.,.. S3^.'WabaFh Ute-. . : .'. JW
Den.- '& -Rlo'.O 4s. $$%] Do deb B....\". TXV,
••Erie prior lien 4s.^S«,4 XV- i L-E : 4s..'.. 86 •
. Erf* Gen :4s .:.:.. : R4^ wis Cent .4s-.-. . . . " 89 .
¦Ft.W &.D C lst..lO5V4 -•• • ' • . : ¦ .. • .
" '." ..'I".- KEW YORK MINING .-STOCKS". ' - '• '
Adam's Qob. .'....., -101 Little Chief "... .-.-j V«
Alice.- ..." . . • 13. Onttfrto ' -..". . .6 00
Bre<ve .v.-.: ". 10 Ophir. ...=•.' ."...t'90
•Brunswick Con ¦<.. • '05 Phoenix ,:i. ._...:. m
•Comstock Tunnel.'. T)5 Pgtosi ....'. ' ' ">n,
fan Cal i Va 1" 00 Savage . .'..".""-le
HornfJIIver--.-...'..L 00! Sierra' Nevada...". 45
Iron- Silver 1 BO Small ' Hopt-s,. .,..- 15'
Leadyilje" Con •..".-' C2IStandard ..: 2 00*
""../ " BOSTON" STOCKS. AND BONDS.
iloney— . "'. (West'house Com.. 68
"Call, loans. .%..5*4«26 Mming— .
Time loans.... 6^<&T5*>4 Adventure ju
Bonds—' . . . JAMouet '..-... 4
.Atchisfon *g OOi; A ma Ikb mated ..".." 3S^4
Mexican Cen:4«.. 69 Daly -West ¦. . . .15
Railroads — Bingham ....'.... 21
Atchison "...." 66 Calumet & Hecla. 4.10- "
• I>6 pfd..t itO% Centennial 14«-
Boston A Albany. 248* .(Copper Range.. 425*'
Boston &. Maine. .171- Dpmfnion Coa<*."... 71 *•¦
Boston Elevated.. 141 Franklin . . .' 714
N Y, 1* H & H..193 Jsle Royale-..t 6«
J1tfKb.urg" pfd'.... i:«V4 'Mohawk ,...• i 33
Union Pacifle..:.. 74 V4 Old Dominion «4
Mexican Central.. 9V<>Bceola ..".". 50
Miscellaneous — ]Parrot **V» 17%
Amer Kugar 121T4;Qulncy ". 80
Do pfd '.121 • Fanta Fe Copper. . 1 %
Amer Tel & Tel..l25'4iTamarack "6 •
Dominion I' % S.. 7% Trinity 4%
General .Electric. 155 United 'States.'.; .. 18
Mass Electric:.... IS Utah, r 2G%
Do pfd 7<i>4 Victoria .'.. 2%,
UnUe-d Fruit 1><5 Winona .......... 7U
L* S fiteel 10% wolverine ....... 60
Do pfd." :... 52
CHICAGO. Nov. 80. — Trading In wheat to
day was on a large scale and the market ex
hibited decided strrngth throughout the entire
session. Rumors that the leading longs had
phlpped r large amount of wheat from store
hrro to go East caused, uneasiness among De
cember shorts early in the day. and efforts on
Oie y>art of such interests to cover sales re
sulted in a quick advance. There was early,
felling by St. Louis houses on the advance,
'but -.offerings were taken, and the selling pres
sure was foon ended. The news was very
-.bullish and prices continued to, move upward.
Small receipts in the Northwest, strong cash
demand and large clearances were bull Influ
ences during the lattpr part of . the day. After
raneirig between S0V4«aSl%c. May closed with,
"a pain oflH^lHc et M'hc. May closed with
1 % ft lV^c higher «t 82©82Vic -. .
..- Covering by shorts on the strength fn - wheat
. -.was. a feature in trading In corn. The close
.was strong, with May ',ic higher at 42%c. ..:
•. Oats were firm with". w-heat and corn.- May"
Closed lie higher at 35%®35%c.
' Small receipts of hogs and an advance of
¦ from 100 15c in the ".price at the yards started
.shorts-. to covpring in provisions. Offerings
.Vere small. January pork closed 6<§7Vfcc up,
lard 10!312^c higher and. ribs were up. 10c.
' :; ;The. leading futures ranged as followp:
/: Articles— Op*n. • High. ; Low. • Close.
D^. he (newT° : ."..7r «m. '•'. 82-U-. PO^ ' 82
I May". .¦...:. : .-,.".- .X0-V- -.81% 80Vi 81*^
."Jfllj: •-.../. •.¦...".'.. 75^4 '. 76V» 75V« " 76S
•¦ Ccrri -.No; 2^.-- ' ' ¦' " -. "
Be-cember" .;..-.' •"¦4J^'. .A\V» \ 41^4 41%
¦'May.-.,:-. .•.::..-.¦. 41 « 4 • . .42^ 41% 42ij,
July'".-;".:. .-;•:..;•.. -41^. .-42V- 41% ¦- 42V»
" .Oat's No; -2 — •"• '"¦ •.".•.' " ".. '
Pcfpmber •..:•:. :,--:{3^ '"-34«ji. .- 33% -34%
May.-. ..'.::.... :!5'S,."' 36. ; Wi 3n%
.July".", .,....-.:•.':•.;.. -33\, - 33>4 153 . /. "»%
-." Mees Pork," -per bbl—:- ¦¦
¦jiav :.:.:..i;X:u 20- 11 35- .11 is 11 22^
Januaiy" :-V::. .11 (*) . 11 00 -.10 87^ 10 92^,
•'-.'•Lard, per 100 "IN?.—
January « 42^" 6 45 '6 37^ • 6 42^
¦ May.-..." «'flO" « 52^4' .6 47Vs 6 50
• "Short .Ribs, per l«0 lbs—" •
Jauuai-y: .....-,•. 5 R7!i 5 R7-H 5 85 5 S7>4
May". '. '¦.:,-:..(:.. "ft 05 607% 600 .605
• ' (."'ash quotations'. w»r» . as" follows.- Flour.
Kteartv; No.. .1 whpat. 7n."5R2c; No. 2 ro'l, Ki%^
's't.^r- >*n*. '2- corn', 42'ic; No- 2 yellow. 42^ir;
No. 2 oats. 35%c;-.No. 3 white. 34%03SC; No.
"i ryp. Me;- good fading barley. 34®33c; fair
t^. clinicp-maltiiig. S«'541c: No. 1 fla«cp<»ed. 01<;;
No. .1 Northwestern-, l»7 1 ,ic; prime timothy seed.
$2 M); -rheiss pork, per -barrel. Ill 25;
lani, peV .100 : pounds. $(» 47H:'S'6 50; short ribs"
FitKs. (loose). $« 2.i5«» 50.- short clear sldrs
(boxod). $6 12. l tf<5»» 25: .whisky, basis of high
.wlnf*. $1. 25:. clover, contract ¦ grade, $11.
Artlcl«*fr : — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, -barrels.. :"..*..' 40.000 1.1,1 00
Wh°at, bfjsfceis. ".,-.•• : 214.WK) .140. If 11 I
Corn, bujihels 207,40l> • .17I>,«00
".t>ats. husliPl*-....;. I.. .350.000 141-.W0
RyeV bushels J0.60O . 7,500
Barlcy,..tiUBhelg;.- ..- Ifll. W»0 -" 9.20Q
'.-•"On. the Produce Exchange to-day the -.butter
"market- was .-steady.- * Oeamery,. 16©24V4c' t 
:<lairv.- 1-4-5/ ll>o."- Eitrs. easier at mark.' enses-in
"•^luded,-".23@2«c. " Cheese, steady, ir«?10^c .
/ v :. . Foreign Futures, ..' v
'-;¦¦-."•".: •' • • ¦ "LIVERPOOL. ' .- ']' .'." . " "
•". /^V'JK'Bt— • • • . Dec. .'.- March. May.
iOp>nlng ••.-..'. ...'.-...'.:... 6 59fr ¦« 4Vs " f. 3 "
losing .i.j >.:.:¦ "... . O 4Ti 6 4!J ." C Jft
-.:'*.-:>-.-' -\" ¦ . PARIS.-. ,. \: \: -.
¦ •.'Wh<>aW ' ". ¦ ; ' ". NOYi Ma>.-June.
:»>P<?riinsr ".'. ".....¦...:..- 20 40. 2"0 75.
Cluing. ....."... .'..i..'.. .;....'.. 20 30.. ' .2070 .
¦' ''F-lour — '".'... •¦."'..
Opining.; .".. 28-10. • 28 00
W6s£rig:..l '...'; 27 f>5 ' ,.27 05.
Chicago Grain Market.
Afternoon Session.
" 450 Andes .:..'...- Tit 100 Hale £ Nor.. 50*
100. Belcher ."..*... 25 500 Justlc« ...... «
100 Belchor ..."... "23 200 Mexican ...:. 97
J0O Challenge "C. 24 400> Mexican ..'.'.. »*•
. 100 Chollat ....... 10O Occidental :.. *«•'
200 Con Cal& V.l-'^O 100 Ophir 2 2t>
50O Con Imperial. "0:{ . 25O Overman 17
1 0% Confidence ... 85 50O S*< Belcher.. OH
1200 Con NeWYork 11 120O Slerr'i Nfr.".*." .47
200 Crown Point. . 17 600 Sierra Ney. .. 43
3QO Crowrr Point. IS 10O Sierra NoV. .-. 46
30O Cirown- Point.- 10 200"Union- Con."-. M*
OOO.Opuld t Cur... 32 •...•• ." .. . •
' • PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGeI. , '"
.Following: were the rales on th* Pacifle 8tock '
.Exchange yesterday.: . "; ..• • ¦...;'..•.
" ... .'. . Mornlnr' Session'.-. •"¦•¦ •..-**.
30.O "Xndos '..'.„•-.-. ¦'¦ 2.'!i 500 Sa'vag* ¦;•."?.•.'•• 21 .
• .3fi0. Belch«r ".-. . :•." 25.1 -400 Savagu-: -. ..... 23
.-4»V); Boujllcin '¦•'•'.'. •Hf 200 Sa*ag» »*. .-';. ' '.23*
•:20(>'Calcdohta. . : ..--M5[. 200 Savrge »<..'. 24 '
100-Cafedohla .... -.901 300 Savage " 23
; "J,t)O Challenge " C- .25 200 Savage ...v."- 2» "
- : 300 CHoIlar. .":.•:." "13 -J0O Sterra, Nrr... -43 "
.•20OCon.Cil * V.-1 25 ICO Sierra Krr... : - U
•1W> Con CaJ&V.l-22%i -40O-Pb?rra .Nev... 43.
• 200. Crown- "Point". 17 =300 Sierra .Ner..." 4«
-..4(iO f,ould A 4Tnr.-.- -".J'.lWo'-Slerja Nev..*., 47*
- 60O Gould .&"Cuf. SOj- 3m Sierra' Her..-.' AS'.
.2<K> GouU\ & Cuir. iZl\ 2M> Silver HH1...- 6*
•: 600 Gould & Cur. -.32 10O T'nlon.-Con. .. ¦ 54
.-3no Mexican". .... • 80 2W t'hlpn Con.... 99
10O Mexican.- '.»1 200 Unftm- Con-... 80
400 Mexlcah "IW 800 Union Con. .. C2
•XX> Mexican ."/.... 95 200 Utah ...".V.'.--." 15
. 2uO Mexican/.^ x " 96 600 UtaU* .^^ 18
. mo .MexJeap ¦ 9SH0OO ATtah ' 17
. 2fX> Ophir*.... ".V.. ".2 20) 20O Utah .". IS.
1200 Potort ,i-..V. -12 2no Yellow Jacket . 5o
." 200'fotosl 'i-. '..'.'• I"'. *0« Yellow Jacket" 31
-'"'. " : " ". ..". ¦•-Afternoon Session. ' ' .'•.•".
- 200" B<»rrh»r ..'.... 2«, 300 Ophir'.. .:..: ".2 23
. 2C<T- Challenge- C..: Jrt 30O.OveTman"....l-. \i "
. 200 Challe'nge C. .. 271 50 Seg Belcher.-. OO
300 Challenge C. 1' 2s'."2OO Seg" Belcher.: "OS
"• 20O Chollar." 12Vjl 20O Sierra N«v.. .• *S
¦ .SCO Con "Imperial. . XH 2CO Sierra Nev,,.; 47 •
•POO Con "New. York 19 1<*> Stiver Hill...*. 70
300 Con" New York 14" 100 Silver 'HIU..'. 71 .
200 Crown- Point, lii .100 Bllvtc HtU... 73
•COO Crown. Point." "20!" 100 .Union -Con.. 3 . 59.
• 400 Exchequer .'. • -13' 20O Union C6n... 80"
!"20O Gould A Cur.". SI 200 Union .Con... 64'"
H)rt Mfxican ...'..' .m. SPO Utah ........ 19
r 200 Mexican ...... ti}*;. ; ."•*• "._ "'." ••*•••
/ h .. TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. ' . , : r ,; .
1 ' Following were th»' sales on th« San Fran
.•Cisco and To.nopah". Mining Exchange y.esterday: "
(.. ' " ' : -Jlomlns" Session. ¦ '
. 150O Harinapah ... H>. 2OO Ton Midway^. . 3<» .
¦300 Mont Ton..:".l 15 1- 40O Ton Midway.. 37
" SOO Monf.Tpn.'.l l7Val 10O Ton N Star.. 33
- .• -Afternoon Sesolon. .- . ¦
• '500-Ton Midway.. .36i 400 Ton N. Stir;.- 33 •
: ¦:' . ' • CLOSJtNG Q.UOTATIONS." '¦ •"' : •
... - .I" "'... ' •' MONDAY.. Nor. 30—4 p. m. *'
. " .. • " Bld.Ask.i - - ,•¦•¦ Bid. Ask. '
Alpha ....:.\ -OR , 0*t| Julia .-., 05 ©S
.Alta:... ¦..¦.".-.. 02 ..03 Justice .^.....-W. 1»
.And^s". t .-...•:.: 22" 23 Kentuck.-. -...." 03 C4>
Belcher -...-.. . 2» ::o Keyes "Graes. 8O
Best & Belch. 1 5O t T5 Mexican ,."...! 03 %' 13':
¦ Rullinn /.,.-;;.•' m -09 OccidenUl, ..'.-¦ M " 40
i nal^donla .:;-..". SO ••D» Ophlr ;-..... :.2 29"2"3O.'
Challenge Coa." 2S ,' 29 Overman ...".• 18 IK"
..niollar '...il.4 ." 15 Potosl .';...;< II- 14 .
Conflderici* -....; H4 ¦¦'«<?! Savage" ....... "23- 27 •
•Con Cal .& .V.t.2ft:l-25!Scorp»on ...t. Ol : C3.
'Coniraperlar. .m •" (Ui S^g B»»lchec.' OIJ !•>'
. Con N- y..". '. .'.. "14 - J.'.lsterra Ner.. 49 ."4»'
! Crown -PoJnt.:' -2l! 22 1 Silver Hill ..' 73 .75'
.-ETur^ka.rbn. . .— • : ".V»i?t Loula .,.." .;tl« • — '
:Exchoquer"..;. "13 " -14- Syndicate :..». 04 09' '.
•GouH &• Cur. " 32' : .Tl'lTntnn Con..-.. .' «2 'M*
"Hate & Norcs- 51. 52^rtah "..-.•..,., . : .-1% -.la "
• Lady^V ash >.- •.-*-" -.(MlTelloW Jacket.' 33 .37'.
;':.¦•:-.".• '.¦ T-onorah mjn.es.- . : ". '¦.-."•-"
.. r -V:' : ¦-" ."" • Bld.A'sk. t U\ '-¦ : , ' •
¦pnI(MT!an'-»i-.-.: -^' IS Rescue .,"...•..",. 03-03
."P.«P*Eanaa .j. ¦ — '• OlI.Ton- Beltnont.'. 70 83 •
.Harinar^h.'.'..:-.— ."1»|Tori Nevada:^5 80 « 00*
Lficfcy. Tom- -'. " • — •• OSlTbn N Star:'.,' 31 "83
..MacNamar.a-;. -09 12 Ton Midway. 83' ¦ 83'
Mirpeh ".....; .:— - 24| United Ton ..'—"• 13 .
• Mont Ten . "; . 1 .IS. 1 "2Oi '•
Sfinlns stocks continued unusually active,
owing to reported improvement In the Ophir
and Mexican mines.
The Caledonia (Gold Hill. Nevada)* Mining
Company has levied »n assessment of 15 cents
per share, delinquent December 31. —
' The Giant Powder Company Consolidated has
declared the regular » monthly dividend of 50
cents per share, payable December "10. *
Imperial Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of 20c per- share, amounting .to $20,000,
payable December 7.
Thirty-three Oil Company has declared a iJlvi
dend of 10c per share; amounting .to $10,000.
payable December 7. j.^.,-
Stock and Bond Exchange.' '
MONDAY. Nor. 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES .BONDS. .• .*
Bid.Ask.t f • Bid. Ask'.
An qr coup... — UOty'fs qr cp new.134 135
'4s qr reg.,..110 1 10%: 3s qr coup." ...167 10SU
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS: ' •
Ala A.W5«. - — • Do 5» — "ino .
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 . Do con 5s. — 105 •
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O G W 5s. . — *" 97 .
Cal C'& Eg •• Oceanic S 6s — 75
m & ct 5s. — 10214 Ora G Im es\120' 1Z!
f*al-st 5s — — ;Pae G Im 4s. :— --97
C C Wat 5*. — 100 P E Ry 5s.*106" 107
I Ed L"& p fla-120 — P &. C II 6*. — —
j K & C H 6s. — 117 . P & O-B 6B.116H120
fieary-*t Rs.. 45 90 Powell-st 6s. 113' J —
H C&S 5%s.lO4!4 — 8 F G&R 5s 100%
}f C & S 5s. »8%100 HF & SJV 5a — 117 "
! Hon R T tis.lO4»41OG 8 R cff.C 6s.lK% — • '
< L A Elec .V>.104%10Titt S P of A 6s •.
L A Ry 5*. — llfr <19O9) : 107U10S\i .
LALC06S. — — (19JO) •..'.:. —.-.109... -:
wo gift fis» . — — i S P of C 6s ¦••¦-.". :
Do gt<£ 5p. — 104%i <J905t?r ..A.lO^li -r*. •¦
LAP lcrivSs.irtO -+¦ <lW5)Sr B.l<W»mlO4 ¦".
Mkt-st C", fis.US — " O90«) .,..<04>- a lf» '
Do lem 5s. — 114% -O912) ....114%— . •
NRR of C6s.lO6% — SPC leg 5s". — ¦ — .-".
Do 5s...:. 114% — Do stmpd.1.06%107. '¦
N P C R 5s. - 107 S P.B-RBs. — 13.1 • ¦
NCR 5s.. 100" — - S V "W- 6s".. — -10«.Vi:
N C P C 5s. .. — ,- JO2\i'| r*> in 2dm. — " Jm. . .
N S R R fis. 90 f>5 • Do' 4s" 3dm. 97% .00 .
O G L i H"5s-.1O7 • — IStkn G&E" 6s 90 lfx> ¦
O T Co 6s.. 117 US IU G & E : 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS,: ' .'. '. :
rontra Oostii— 42 (Port- Costa'. : —•,'—"•
Marin Co 61 — |C V W Co:', 39\i 89%.
• GAS AND ELECTRIC- • ." '• '¦¦''
Cent LAP. 4 ' 4%]S F G & E. 65% -68 .
Mutual E 'L. 10 s 10^|s-F Gas L..-.3 -r ••
Pac G Im.. 6S - 55',, Stkn O & E. 5-' — :••
Pac L Co... 55% — V G &E.'.. % — — : '
Eac E G&R. — . — • " •'".''.
TRUSTEES' CERTIF.ICATES,, , -" - .
P F G & E. 653J, 6fiV* •- \- • •"•' : ..'|
. ' .'. ' INSURAN'CE: ;. "¦• •= ¦".:-. '.:.
Tirem'ji Fnd.320 ' — . .' " . '" '.'.- - -' 1
. ; BANK STOCKS'.".-., v
Am NtlBk. — • .125" U P &' A. .. : A^0; I'O- ¦¦
Anglo-CaL ."-. S4. : — Mer" Trusts. .230 250
•Bank of Cal.4Ui% — ; Merch-Ei ••: — — '-
Cal Safe Dp. «-- 1K> S F* Nation!.— ."—-..
SAVINGS BANKS. " ;
Ger S & I..2125 2275 . IPav. & L So. 55 .100 * .
Hum S' &••!,. — • — Sec Sav Bk.4fiO 500 .-
Mutual" Sav .100 110 Union T Co... — r-V.'
S F-Sav U..C00 — I .• -..--.
STREET RAILROADS. . .
California .. — 205- iPresldlo- ••- ..3^4. •
Geary ....... — 80 | - "- " . • - •
' . ' POWDER. •
Ciant, 64% CBVi /Vigortt ...:. 3% 4?j,
• . • ' SUGAR. •»¦--¦ ' ' •""•• ••
JIana P Co."— 80c' Ktlauea S=C. — ¦ . : « ;
Hawaiian C. 43^4 « ;^akaweli . C. 22S 2:iti"
Honokaa S C 12Vi — • 9nompa S C. 31 vi 32 .•
Hutch SPC- OVi 1* »'aauhau S.C 14. -15. • '
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fa.ck.141%14;} .Ocpanic S C. 5.-- '.6 '
-«*al Fruit As. 92 — Fac A F. . . " 4% -/>i*
Cal Wine As 91% 03 |Pac"C Borx.167 " -r :
. • . Morning Session. ¦ ' " ';
.• 'Board— . • .' ~ * . . "c .-, .'.'
25 Alaska Packers' An?n. .¦.,>." l l 2 .??'.
2.'0 S F Gas and Electric Co. ...•..•..,..«- -«<>.W
Street — .- . ." • ''•'•.".. -"'• -^-'ij.'
15 Cal Wine Assn '...? .V. . . .. ..P2 00
ir> S F. Gas and Electric Co, %¦-..•.. titi 00 ;
Afternoon Session. ;*; •. .- ••." . ;'.
Boards- ' • . ' ' ", .--ci'
5 Alaska Packers' AHn...i........ v ..-..u2 00.
! 125 Cal Wine Assn . ....:....,...,:-... . : .: »j. .00 ;
I 10 Mutual Electric Light. ; ..-..-10 oa
I 408 F Gas and Electric Co ,-.,: ,y 00 CO |
I ••2T» S F Gas and-Electric Co. tb' 5) ."..-.•,:. -6tt 00 |
100 S F Gas and Electric Co tb a0); y. ."««..25
Calif ornia Stock ipidO il Excftaiige..
*Oll "Sfocka— ." . '¦'"• " ; - Bid.'. •';.• A'sk'ed.'.
Alma ...-; '...'. •" . I 3S •"." "...:
Apollo »:...".... .:.42 • ,.:-v'."|
Associated Trust Cert .•..-.,•¦. : •...-• 19. ".
Aztec r '•;•-:.¦- • : W : r'\
California Standard »...» ,;..... .. 11 '.
•Caribou .-, :........... .. *».V... .;! 10 .,
.Central Point Con .-.....; ¦..:.; «5 ." ..•s^.-T*
Chicago Crude ?••.•"••'•.. . - 10 '¦-• ".:; 21 .'
Claremont . . . .' •'• • •" . -•*•'" ' " '•" •'••'._¦ \
Esperanza .- ;-.l.j;«>" •¦'.;:• :aa .-.
Four ••-.." »7..- . • -.„ b3 . •
Fulton .._* --.,... # fsO' . "-.;.-•;. .
Oiant.-.'. -.••«. ..-..'.-. =<>.=
Han ford ..„...-.. %.:. ".- 140 Xwr .
Home :»......... ...97%: i,o» ; •
Imperial .: .'-•••-. ¦ 13.C0 "
Independence. -,... ,..,..*.. .•;. • .18." ... : "J»--"
Junction I'. -..i'.-.,.. .••^••10
Kern :... <.......... ".¦."... «'J».;
Kern.Rtver... ;.... : \0 00 •• • 13 00.
Lion •..•." 03;.; *,:•£«;- .
Monarch <of Arizona) . . . .>. ."•. ; . 47 : ; • •: .--.• ..-"..
Monte Crlsto ."..-...•.•..•...• .-.8^-.,
Occidental of W. Va., ".18 .-•;.- .5KK.-
OH City Petroleoim. ... ..¦—;... _ 27 • •. : "":»> :..'.• .
Ppeiless , ,.m". 13.«^» •. .-' -.••••.•• ¦
Pitti<bui-g' . ..:... V •,...;. .; ..-..; 15- .*. •'. : 2* ""
Re*>d Crud"(61<i issue)i ..." ' 3!) ••.....-...•
S F and .McKlttrick -•....."..: '-2 75 • -.;,.:.. •'
San-Joaauin O- & X>....'... 4 CO_ •"::..¦>.::"
Senator . . ». . .v . .-." "• 65 -.
Sovereign ..*...,......'...'.>. " 3-S . •...•'.::•
Sterling .I ...,.• .2 «5 ".- 2"75.
Suverlor .¦..:•.• 05-- .Otf
Thirty. tfiree " ', .TOO"/ " t 50 ;
Toltec '4J0. "'
T.w. nty'-eight .' ¦: 4 00;" 440
West Shore 2.90 ...... ".
Reed OriMe (new issue).. 4' 0OT ...'...
Associated Bonds. ". *¦ 69%
» Miscellaneous — .-
Abby Land and Improvement -1 50
Alameda Sugar : ,. 26 0<K
Amerloan Uiscult •. •; 95 00
American District Tel ».. '......
Cal Gas and ElVctrlc Corp.*. ..... .. .•
Cal Cotton Mills SS 00 • ..
Cal Jockey. x Club \ .". . ..... ". 1C5 00
Cal Shipping 1 Co "....;.. 20 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust. 130 OO . 140 00
Cefitral «ank of Oakljijld 60 00
Chutes Company.!.- . 8 00-
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50. ......
Fischer's Theater...- 2 12%
Gas Consumers' As£h "22 50*
Honolulu Sugar :1« 00
Northern Cal Power .i. ...... 9 00
North Shore Railroad........ ..\.. m
Orpheum Company* *. 16 25-
Pacific States Tel and Tel.\, 115 00
Parafflne Paint 33 00 "
San Francisco Dry Dofflt..,.. 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works.'.. 1 00"
Sausaltto Land and Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric....,.'. ,. 18 00
Tesla Coal Co ." " 32 50
Truckee Electric 13 25 .....
Union Sugar .».. 22 BO
United Gas and Electric." .V.; 34 50
Mornlijg Session.
Board —
200 Home : 07%
l.'.oo J-lon j...* 03
.. 500 Sup<Mor /••••• "•¦• CG
5<lO Monirch ,.... 47
• 50 Hutchinson 9 87%
$1000 United RR •" J 77 50
Street—
200 Home ... .- •' 97%
Afternoon Session. •
07 Oeridental ..." SO .
20O Associated, s SO .......' 19
¦2900 Superior .....'.:...... 00
Mining Stocks. '
\ 1 *
SAN FRANCESCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were' tbo sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange t>oard yesterday: •
" ...: Morn Ink Session.
• 20O Andes 211 40d Overman .... 17
.350. Caledonia ... 90 600 Potosl \\
500 Chollar ...... 12 100 Savage' ...... 23
¦ 400 Con Cal & V.I 35 200 Savage 24
100 Con Cal & V.I 36 600 Scorpion .... ft»
100 Con Cal & V.I 25 200 Seg Belcher.. 08
.600 Con Imperial. 03 1100 Sierra Nev... 46
100. Gould & C*ur. 30 100 Silver -Hill... KJ
fiOO Hale & Nor.. : 50; 1400 Upion Con... 69
600 Mexican ..... 92- 200 Union Con... 58
600 Ophlr 2 25' 500" Utah 15
•,400 Ophlr ...... .2 20: 1000 Yellow Jacket 29
Local stocks and bonds were very 'quiet,
with no fluctuations .worthy of note. The oil
stocks cont'.Bued inactive and featureless.
Brokers' advices = from New. York yesterday
reported- large' transfers of money from that
city, to the far West, Including $1,000,000 to be
forwarded. -totSan Francisco . to-day.
i Silver declined Exchange remained
without Change.
Sterling Exchange, sixty. days.... — 1*80%
Sterling Exchange, sight ..; — 4 g^a.'
Sterling Exchange, cables ...'..... — 4 85»i
New York ¦ Exchange, sight \ . — p ar
New York ¦ Exchange, telegraphic. — . oev,
Silver, per ounce . ..°. — 5(51^
Mexican Dollars .•...'. — 45 •
Wheat* and Other Grains. .. :
WHEAT — News from Europe vu scant.
Broomhall cab'.ed that Russian ports were
likely to close in the near future/ The world's
shipments for the week were as follows, in
quarters:, Russian. .450,000: Danubi&n, 45,000-
Argentine, 8000; Indian. 101,000. The Ameri
can visible supply increased 078,000 bus"hels.
Chicago advanced from 80%c to 82%c. with a
strong market. Northwestern receipts were
light, with Armour buying and the crowd very'
bullish,
¦ In thjs market futures were somewhat higher,
but cash grajn showed no change.
* '. CASH WHEAT.
California Club. *1 40@l 42^; California
White Australian. $1 50<gl 62Vi; Northern
Club, $1 4OS>1 41U: Northern Bluestem. $l 60
©1 5U4: Oregon Valley, $1 40.
.FUTURES.
Ewslon 9, to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. ' Low.. Close.
•December ...$1 85 *$t 35 $1 34% $1 34%
May...- 134% 131^ 1 S4U 134%
2 p.-m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ....:...$! 34# $134% $134^4 $134^,
.. BARLEY — Was fairly steady. Futures were
unchanged as a whole. The general top of the
market was $1 12 Vi for Feed, but strictly
choice lots were held -for the top quotation.
. • : CASH- BARLEY.
Feed $1 11%®1 13%; Shipping and Brewing
$1 17Vi©l-22^: Chevalier, $1 2o@l 45 for fair
to choice. . • .
• FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.- High. Low. Close.
Decsmber' ..>l 12. $1 12 $1 104 $1 10L4
May ........ 1 OOVi 1 00% 1 OS*, ' 1 08%
• 2 p. m. session. "
i.Open., • High. . Low. -Close.
May ..%1 08% *l.C*% $108% $108%
December ... 1 10Vi .' 1^10 Vi ¦ 1 00% 1 09%
OATS — A firm market .continues to be quoted,*
'.with receipts moderate and the demand fair.
White $1 20@l*;30; Black. $1 40(6 1C0; Red,
$1 10(fr 1214 f« feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray, nominal; none here. - - . .- , ..
CORN — Quotation! remained unchanged.
Business is dull. ¦ ,
Western "sacked, $1 27V 2 ®1 30 for Yel
low $1 30 "for White and $1 25@1 27% fpr
Mixed; California .large Yellow.' $1 22^0
130; email round do, $1 40'Sj'l 60; White SI 25
@l'3O per ctl. ' . • . . ,.
RYE--$1 2,1'gl 30 per ctl.
.•BUCKWHEAT— $i 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
' FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 85, usual terms; Bakers" Extras, $4 50@4 60-
Oregon and Washington. 8J5 1)0(94 20 per bbl for
Family awl $3 '900 4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFF-S— Prices in packages are as fol-
Iowej Graham Flour. &S 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. S3 25; Rye Meal, $3;, Rice Flour. J7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 .V>; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. 14 b0@i 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25<S8 60; in sacks.- $6 75@8 10-
Pearl Barley. $ti; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. »5 50 per 100 lbs.
Lecal;Bq)tk } /Clearings' still make a good exhibit?:
r&czy-FQ&SiMs .'firmer'; on tlic day >:;.¦-':; •¦••• •¦'.
'Li)cai:Spciiriiics tcif/t finv fluctuations. \ .
//KrtV iiftinsfcrs .of \ f tmks' from Neiv. York to the West
''¦$.iivcr}$etlinti ' }A C- .Exchange fates undisturbed.
¦Ij/Jitik 'Barky- and other grains as previously, quoted. .
:ffa^^njd:,Fc^ftuffs steddy and unchanged.
:&trii&\Bcans firm and flic other sorts quiet and* easy, i
: lhi!!ny;aud Cheese in heavy supply. Eggs still scarce.
¦¦jk'jry'- large shipment o£ Prunes to Europe.
¦Fair -trading- in Coast Hops at previous prices.
:$:& t-ariation in Cattle, Sheep or Hogs. •
Provisions still easy, with a decline in.Cottolcne.
Msiiinqtcd decrease in. Brazilian Coffee, crop.
Piqlaiocs plentiful mid quiet. ¦'¦¦.-. .¦.Oiuqns lozccr.
§puthcrh Vegetables arriving ill poor- condition.: ¦ r- ; •
Three \Cf^icf^W^^epi}'Pxn^ky oil the. market; .'. '¦ [.:
Citrus Prints ¦•¦»/'. free supply idnd. qiiiet. */ I/, y ; ¦ . •'*. -,l
SUMMARY- OF THE. MARKETS.
ExcJian'ge and Bullion.
I were active and strong all day, deriving 1m
! pulse from bullish weekly and dally statistics.
j including heavy clearances. Good support at.
J Chicago by elevator people so affected the
i market that the -close was strong at 5i«?',iC
advance. May, 84 5-16(g85c. closed 84%c; July,
' s^O^Sl^c. closed Sl%c; December, SS;£c.
HOPS— Steady. . . • •
HIDES— Steady. Texas dry, 13%c. . '
WOOL— Firm. , '
'XiFFEE — Spot Rio, firm. No. » invoice,
«5-l»ic; mild ' steady; Cordova, 7«4@12»Ac.
Sugar — Raw, steady. Refined quiet. The market
for coffee futures opened firm at an advance of
10 to 15 points and ruled very active during the
entire session, the business coming out at the
largest total for the season. The activity and
strength had no special explanation, being due
apparently to the increased confidence of the
bullish interests now operating in the market
as a result of the firmness in primary markets,
continued lig-ht primary receipts and further
. reports of unsatisfactory crop conditions. The
m?rket closed firm, net 15" to" 25 points higher.
Sale*, 203. OCX) bags, including: December. B.i5
C5.S5c; January. r..o6e5.95c;. February, 0 05c;
-March", .0.15<e0J.'5c: May, 6.40®«.50c; June.
0.55e;July «>.60S«.65c: August, O.iOc; Septem
ber 6.70c; October, 6.75@6.85c.
DRIED tFRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
eajsy under a light demand. Common. 4@-5c;
prime. 5U©!>i.ac; choice, 5?i«?«Hc; fancy, 7c.
i'RUNES — Continue in moderate demand, hut
local stocks of desirable sorts are not heavy
and the tone is steady, with prices ranging
from 2*4c to 6^c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are meeting with a light de
mand and Are not pressed for sale. The mar
ket is about steady, with choice at;9l«@9Hc;
extra choice. lOsBtO^c. and fancy. llffllSc.
¦ PEACHES— Remain quiet. Choice, «U@
"%c; extra choice. 7%®8Uc, and fancy; 0U@
10>ic: . . ; . - -
PERSIMMONS — 40c@$l per box.
GRAPES — 40<R>60c for email boxes and 60@S5c
for crates; large boxes, 75c@$l 25. - , '
I CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2)33 r»r
box; Seedlings. $1 50*92;' Tangerines, $1 5C52
for- half -boxes and $l@l 25 for quarter
boxes; Lemon?. $1(82 per box;" Grapfi Fruit,
$1 1WV82 50; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas,
$1 2M2 25 pen bunch for Hawaiian and $'J@3
for Central American; Pineapples. $2 50@3 50
per dozen. . •*
APPLES — Fancy Spitronbergs. $2 25 per box
for Oregon apd $1 50@2 25 for California;
other varieties), $101 50 for fancy. 75<f90c for
choice and 25*»T>0c for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 50#l 75.
PEARS — Winter Nellls $1 50 per box. '
QUINCES— 60«75c per box.
POMEGRANATES— $1 25^1 50 per box.
Apples were the most'.active as well -as the
most plentiful description under this head and
prices of choice and fancy' stock were firmer.
Thfcre were over 4000 boxes received from
Humboldt by steamer during the day. and re
ceipts Irom other sections were HberaL The
Spitzenberg and Newtown Pippin varieties had
the most call and the top quotations were eas
ily obtained for strictly fancy - lots. Winter
NelliB Pears from cold storage were ottering
In Hmited»quantitles and met with prompfsale
at good figures. Grapes arrived freely from
Martinez and the south and met with a Rood
demand at sustained prices. Receipts of
Strawberries consisted of a ffw chests of
Longworths; which sold at about previous
prices. A few chests of choice Raspberries
that arrived early sold at : $7 per ' chest, but
most of th3 receipts arrived. late in the day
and had to be carried over.
The Citrus market was liberally, supplied
and quiet. Navels continued to arrive freely
and It was difficult to get over $2 75 per bojc
for • the best stock. A consignment of 30O
boxes of Japanese Mandarin Orangps was re
ceived and was offered at $1 5OR1 75 for half
boxes and t;5@75c for quarter boxes. Other
wise thtre was nothing rn?w to report.
; STRAWBERRIES— LonKWorthn, ?5@9 per
chest: large berries per chest.
RASPBERRIES. per chest.
. CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. ?ll<gll 50: Jer
eeys, $10<§>10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay, ?2 50@3 per
box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Domlnos. 8.40c per lb. No orders* taken for
less than peventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
, COFFEE— Bradstreet's says that it is estl-
I mated ' that if thfe movement of the ' Rio and
Santos coffee crop* continues to fall off in the
ratio it has recently shown, the crop will be
i not more than 10,000,000 bags, as against 12.
324,000 bags last season and 15,439.000 bags
for the crop year 1901. .a ••."' ;t.
Receipts of Produce*
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER 30.
Flour, qr sacks.. 16.86P Pelts, number... f.163
Wheat, centals.. 7.12( Hides, number. 5.791
Barley, centals.. 3,541 Chicory, bbls.. 25
Beans, sacks 330 Paper, reams.. 660
Potatoes, sacks. 6.4S0 Raisins, boxes. 2.000
Onions, sacks.... '1,475 Quicksllver.flasks 343
Bran, tacks.- '. 340 Leather, rolls.. 167
Middlings, sacks.. 1.913 Brandy, gallons 12,700
Kay. tons 511 1 Wine, gallons.. 131, 50<>
Wool, ' bales..... 143 Sugar, centals.. 8,100
Feed, sacks 255 Lime, barrels.. 430
Tallow, centals. 240
OREGON. ., .
Onions, sacks S- 3 .
• — — ¦ ? ¦
Giant Powder Company has declared divi
dend No. CO of -50 cents a share. *
EGGS — Ranch. 50@KJc for oholce- and 45@
48c for small and mixed 1 colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage, 2S@32#c; Eastern, 29@2Sc
for cold storage. • -.r;
21@25c; store" Butter ~ 17^@10c; cold storage,
24i& 26c: Eastern, 23@25c per lb. ¦* > < .
CHEESE — 12@12V2<?-for the general mark«t.
13: for select mild new and- 11®11%c - for
lower grades; Youns Americas, 13@14c; East
ern. 15U@l6Vse; Western. 14@15c per lb.
THE SAN ... FRANCISCO XAIlL, ¦-TUESDAY, DECEMBER- 1, 1903.
WASHINGTON. . . "
TACOMA, Nov. 30. — WHEAT— Bluestem,
80c; Club, 76:. '
. , OREGON.
; PORTLAND. ; Nov. 30.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 72c; Bluestem, 77c; Valley, i78c.
Northern Wheat Market.
LOCAL MARKETS'.
STOCK MARKET.
Supplies of Butter continue large and some
houses are heavily oversupplied. while. others
are not carrying much etoek. Onjy the Hum
boldt creameries are . bringing the top quota
tions, as the /Marln creameries are coming in
soft owing 1 .' to the new - cows ana the young,
green grass. •' :;: *' ¦¦"¦¦¦¦¦ . ¦,
... The Cheese market continues overstocked and
weak. N ,. C . _ * • t
There 'was no further decline In Eggs and
the market showed less weakness than .on Sat
nrday. as it' was wholly - cleaned up of fine,
larg«s ranch. The demand, too. was better. - =-
Receipts • were 49,50<l.lbs Butter, .670 cases
JSggs and 2400 lbs Cheese. •- •: . >
• BUTTER— Creamery. 29®r?0c, with 31c for
•Declal; extras and 24®27c for. seconds: da Irv.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
ADCTION SALES
WILSON
THE AUCTIONEER.
Phone Exchange 97. - .v That'* Alt
$10,000*
v:\WORTH OF
Upholstered Furniture
Damaged by Water. 'Win Be \ Sold at
PUBLIC AUCTION .
Wedn8sdji^pB&ij903
WILSON'sTuCTIQN ROOMS
818 and 820 Mission St., near Fourth.
Positively, must b« 8O ld without r«serv« ©r
limit, cost or value, comprising mahogany
davenport*, mahogany parlor »«ts. odd chairs,
leather couches, valour -couches etc.. etc.
A c.hance of a lifetime for a holiday gift at
one-fourth Its value.
Others' loss your gain. Don't miM-th!s gal*.
2* . * £*' • £*"
AUCTION SALE of Horse*. Wagons. Har-
ness. WEDNESDAY. Dee. 2. afll a. m.. Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. Horses must
be as represented or money refunded.
- - JOHN J. OOYLE," Auctlonser.THE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER ' 1, 1903.
12
ILODGIXO^B-^SEj^^
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all'
kinds of business chances.
— 4
23 r., near Market; lease; well fur.; $600
down *2250
60 r.; rent $300; Market; clears $300 mo. 3000
T r.. Van Nes«; rent $22 60; nice little .
home 225
20 r.; new, mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r. i rent $60; new. fine fur. ; clears $47 850
• 9 r.; Ellis; rent $35: fine home; snap.. 550
• 68 r.; cheap rent; clears $300 to $400;
money-maker : 8500
30 r.; rent $95; good fur.; clears $100.. 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well fur.; sacri*-
nce '- «00
8 r.; up. flat; everything mod.; departure 750
3 r. : rent $20; cor. flat; Leavenworth;
snap . . .'. ; .'. 225
43 r.; cor.; rent $160; apartments well
f urnlEhea 4000
Its r. ; new house; furniture; clears $90. 2500
8 r.; rents $50; modern; finely furn.r. .- 500
22 r.; rent $80; lease; newly renovated;
clears $100 1850
O.r.; Geary; elegantly- fur.; beautiful
borne; departure 550
11 r. ; Eddy; rent $50; well fur.; clears $38 750
34 r. ; fine; downtown; transient; makes
big money 3200
8 r.; rent $42; modern flat; elegant fur.;
sickness ••¦ 400
14 r. ; rent .$75; oak fur. ; good carpets 000
12 r.; close In; well fur.: bargain 1100
18 r. ; fine corner; new and elegantly fur. 2250
HORTON & TRUBODY. the Pioneers,
6 Eddy et., room 100.
85 rooms; rent $2.60 per room; new building;
new carpets' well furnished; light and sunny;
clears $200: 'price $4000.
$1500 caah; 111 health cause; 100. rooms; $7000;
cheap rent; long lease; corner on Market; a
money-maker and rare bargain. .:'-}S*!gEi
36-room family boardlng-houie; corner; olear-
ed $3000 last 12 months; 'light and sunny; a
beautiful home; nice garden; north of Market.
20 rooms; transient; clears $200 ' month;
$1800.
23 rooms; transient; $2250; $800 cash. HOR-
TON & TRUBODY? 6 Eddy «t.; phone James
5386. ( , •'. '
SEE
.' . . J. E. TETLOW. '
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023- Market st.. between 6th and 7th.
For; hotels, rooming-houses " and business
. chances; any part of the city. ' '...;:
BARGAIN ........ < t
¦ CO rooms, near the Mint: nenrly all men
foomers; low rent; good Income; cost $2500; for
cash will take less; leaving the State; make of-
fer. M. E. RIVES. 74 Columbian building. ¦•
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms, Western Ad-
'-. dition: rent $35: cheap, $900; large list of
. houses. U to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL.
2W Kearny. st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrlt'ng and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
>112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
W. G. KEE.GAN holds test peances every. night
. except Sat.. 10c; sit.. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth 6t.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c ; private readings daily. 619 McAllister.
MRS. L. HODGSON. 148 Sixth st. circles' Wed.,
• Thurs., Frl. and Sat. Readings dally, 10 to 5. '
MRS. HARLAND'S circles 1 , evenings except
.Monday 10c. 148 Sixth St. Readings 50,$l.
Seer Egyptian', Hindoo occult: reads dally;- dr-.
. cles Wed., Fri., Sun.,'8p. t m. 540 Ellis st. .
MRS. A. R, 8MITH of Portland. 706 Polk »t.,
¦ room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy St.-
EDWARD EARLE.-1052 Ellis, readln-js daily/
:. 0:30 to 4:' seances' Sunday and Thursday.
CXAIRVOYAATS. ' '
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered -Trance .Clairvoyant and
•"¦' " Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
¦Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
. . No Charge. . - . No Charge
•Unlesi you obtain' the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee "to
make no charge If I -fall* to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for;' I promise to
tell you ir husband.-. wife or -sweetheart Is true
or false: tell who and when you wfll marry: in.
fact. I will tell, every hope, fear or ambition'
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give, you good luck, re-
store lost energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m. : Sun. 2-6.
32ij O'Farrell St.; low fee this week— $1. $1, $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and. hufiness medium, perma-
. nently located at 1.7 Third St.. next Examiner,
bldg. ; she reads ypur life correctly, gives an :
.;' accurate description of the past," reveals the j
¦ • present happenings and portrays events * to j
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, 1
discontented or not. satisfied In Hfe, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
'this great medium and you will be told how,
td overcome them;' valuable advice In all af-
-¦' fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by ttall. Tel." Black 4569. * *
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ 1 •
. • . ' . ,/ OF MEXICO says: .
,* '• "You 'have demonstrated to what perfection
-' your studies in this science have been car-
' rted."
' " '• L— I— V— O— R-^-N.— O,' • 7
.. THE WORLD-RENOWN.KD PALMIST
¦¦ 'AND CHVSTAL GAZER
" . • ' 34 KEARNY STREET.
Over Jlammersmith & Field's. Tel. Black 2433.
¦ tCTSec portrait of. Mme. Llvorno and orlg-
¦ ' inal testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market-
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
' m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered,. $1:
full Hfe. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
'. of birth :'don't send currency. Send postofflce,'
¦ ' Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS- A. H. rironenberg. palmist, clairvoyant.'-
card reader, will give a g(Vid. reading. 10c, fo'r.
a short time only;. when others fall try me to
• convince yourself. -721 Franklin, hr. O. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR lTfE~READ
' .BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
• And -Learn Mental Telegraphy.
. . 418 Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and "
card reader; . Just t returned from long ab-
sence. 406' Geary, near Mason.'- room ' 1.
MME. MARSEAU. Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles.' 25 cents: gents. 50 cents; hours, 1 to-
ft. *-45 Minna st.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, buslnoss sdvlce;
n^Ties -riven; 25c up. 5 4th et.. near Market..
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm •
names; L.50c;G. $1. 714 Franklln,nr.G:G.ave.
MME. JACQUES, clairvoyant and nalmist;
readings dally. »39 Eddy, right-hand bell.
MISS WARD gives names, dntes and "acts;
hours, lla. .m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign
MRi?. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; iadlea •
._^ c> " genta ' K>c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25cT
gents 50c. 051 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.'
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city. .
26% Keurny. • room 20; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, •card'readerTVir-
tings dally. 448% Jessie. st..'b«t. 5th and 6th.
A-WE-sICS news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call
iff peges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally" u«ed In sanltsry cleaning carpets on"
floor,, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
£ r t a i?-; x-^'-i, S - F - COMPRESSED AIR
CLEXMNG CO.. Call bid.; phone' Main 8237.
WHISK -you become dln-histed «-|th your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp«t-beat-
lng Woiks. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tei. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. te'l. Mission 49J
AD Y A « C . E J Car P«' t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM& CO.. Prop*.,
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st,; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S SupeYlor Carpet-beating Works
333 Golden Gate 'aye.: telephone East 126.
• - CHEDIT CLOTHXEXtS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ' ~~ '. ~ — '.,
- SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We -clothe the* whole family from hats . to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices
Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
B ¥*£ >' our suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
ST.E1N v BROS.. 25 Stockton st., on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
•payment. • . .
CTTBXB KHYTTOE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st!
Send for circular. Why will you miller?
DENTIST^.
DR. GRUSS, 504-6-6 Callaghan bldg!7~Market
and McAllister «u., uses the Basford Obtun- ¦
der. the only device ever Invented for grind- (
ing, dUlllng and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof '
call. at office. . -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh i
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over- like new; teetU
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. >
A' NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break; '
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fllllngs. 50c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war. 1
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24. Sixth • st.' .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor~Bush— i
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; 'Mings 25c.
GOLD fllllngs. 75c; 'silver. 35c; crowns, $2; nd '
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewiit,204 Sutter.- :
. BUSINESS CHAJTCES..
R. G. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent-, (established 14 years), 26*4 Kearny
st., rooms 9 and 10. . ,
A $16(V> COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
'. the water front, close to Market st. ; dally
receipts about $65; business clearing. $300 per
month* trial given: a splendid offer; lnvestl.
gate at once. See R. O. WILKE, 26 H
Kearny st. ¦__
A — $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
•in Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
•-occuplt-d by employes of -railroad and Stand-
-..; ard-OH Company; board bill, guaranteed by
"-company; owner never clears* less than $300
per month. Call R. O. WILKE. 28>4
Hearny st. '
A— $»00; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads In each room:
2H years' lease: rent $£>: rooms alone' pay
' tlo per month and saloon doing a good busl-
¦ness. See R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $350: "EMPLOYMENT of tlce. doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sicknesA in owner's family.* Call R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $1800; HALF interest In one of the' best
corner saloons on water-front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
eell whole for (3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
26 \j Kearny st. ¦
A— $1250; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close
to S. -P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a rood paying business. See
R. G... WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $J>00; ¦ DAIRY produce aad delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
". per month: Mvir.tr rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE." 26*4 Kearny st. '
A— $2000; • SALOON on Kearny St.. about %
blocks from Chronicle building; place astab- '
llched years and doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1060;
- disagreement cause of sale.'- See R. C
WILKE. 26'A Kearny st. •
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery 1 close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but- must be sacrificed on account of owner
being Bick in hospital. Particulars R. G.-
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. "
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
. Mason st». ; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 6 years more; value in sight. Call
: R. G. WILKE. 26%^ Kearny st.
A— t6S0; CIGAR «tand on Montgomery st.: a
¦ '•• $700 cigar stand on Ellis st. ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st.; stock
¦ at Invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy st.,-
•stock at invoice. Call ft. G. WILKE. 26%
"; KearBy gt. ¦ ¦ ¦ __.
A— $1250: COFFEE saloon on Geary st.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at. ||
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are >'ou looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening im-San Francisco? If so, we can
V- offer -you any number requiring an investment
\t fromi"--"$leO to $50,000; every business oppor-
' "..turuty that .passe* thromih our office must
¦"¦¦•-Wind-'Ahe:"clpse--t investigation, and we can
" : . place' yo.u ln'a^iore, factory, hotel, mill, of-
.*. flee.. or., in" fact.. any bu£inens.you may prefer;
• ' kindly- .-call and investigate:- * •. - ' ;
. ¦ ' • r^JERiiANlA- INXTCSTMENT CO..
.;•'-. ' ' . .Suit 321. Erritria Spreckels building.
A-^ '•• ' ATTENTION. . ' • '• *
'-¦' Do' you wish to enlarge your business, or do
'-:' you. .'desire .additional -capital? If so, we can
• "Xurnish you with an active or silent partner
.-.'Who- will- invest -from- • $100 to $50,000; we
•-"; tfl/ye.-a large number of desirable applicants
••'.on our books seeking good business openings..
.:;.- GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO., -. :'
/.-¦'. .*"•.':.. :' Suit 321. Emma Spreckels butldlng.'
A— GENERAL: MERCHAXDISE-- :, •'."
: :' STORE .FOR' -SALE: a nice.' clean." stock in
¦••. -".the best", town. In CalliTornla; Invoices -about
"•ilCrJO:- lpw rent;.-lon l f lease. '. ¦ . . ...- " • ;•-. '¦
¦¦GERMANIA INVEcT. CO.;' 927, Market- s$. :
"A-' ' ¦' '"-FURNITURE- BUSINESS. ••'• .
;¦ "A •bisslh^ss man with irom $2000 to $5000. can-
,".:' secure- partnership" 'in established" business in"
• -" t'ljiscity "anij.takecharge^f store; •.-
.-.-QERMAXIA-INVEST. .CO.- q27 Market st...
'/¦¦•¦ ¦ :.- : -aV"rare opportunity. .-. .¦."..¦ . •
•A'-^-teno- cis>h-'»n(I se'r\-lce-r secure Interest in.'
: -.>«?tabiish'fd.bfflce bUFlne«-» paying $25 weekly;
. .'•¦enperlvitCP.-'iTOt-'ne<"*Fsar"f}.' simple accounts: .
. ".Gi:nMA>f IA* INVES*f.'.CO-..; 027 Market st. \
A^ " STENBE RCi -CO.v •; ".. . -..Phone Black C892.
¦".¦.:¦¦•".¦".•. : '-.'• ¦7K3u-.Marlcet.jt.. •-.¦• ¦-••.••.
'.¦; ; .-.:;We";have .^Qrr.j'ale 'ait'.-trteir ' value --a "few
.' ..gjro'cect<'.*;.'.;-'-rfsta'ur"an.tsj-; .. bajteries/"; saloons,
;:.,csna'j'..")-.iirarj-. •":•;•••',;¦¦¦•.•.¦•- '• '• : - ¦'>¦:--:¦
-.:."; .- STORES, ¦•-.- .¦-•.••• STORES. "" . - .
¦.¦:;•; A'. .'StENBERG ..C6 f .-.'7jft%.-:)(~.arket St.-
: A : rJyER,flSER-!w1--hes ;to invest $10.000, : with
-. ¦."«*r-Mcei."_'ln\sound-,._payln*i- business;'. nothing
' -fpe'ru.'a.n've. or .-experimental: particulars nec-
;-'*5sarvHq -.insure/attention. Box 2091, Call; .
.A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house: good lo-
.-... cation; lo» rtnt; steady boardert"; ¦ no agents.
•-Box- 2P.03. Call .office. ¦ • '*. . •
GROCERY bUElne.Fs: -*l rigs: doing ¦•-. cash busi-
-..: ness -of- $15<> a. day: will sell at' invoice; no
::• ."b-sr. Box 2093.- Call. ' V;-. ¦*;•' "- " • ' • ,
;8>RODM 'house.: -new. -furnHure; full; boarders;
.'in^ar Jeffcrfon-Sauare. ..Box. 2S02, Cafl.'*'.. !
FOR!- sale-^C1(ra : r.--stand': • 'owrer . In • bad health
•¦• c^ujfe- ofi-selling. .* !iW Hqward St. * . . . - '
"FOR ¦¦^iat€i- : 'p^¦<¦«¦^n'aker ; ¦s¦ .shop*. ¦ established 11
'¦ V<?a.r-^ ;11 City- Hall a^. *: ."¦"- .. '¦ ". ,/
¦-.GRO»?KRy -4r.d "baVv- .' foj* -.- price $1500.
!;./.- Washlnsfpri JJ're'w'tfry, ¦ Taylor 'and Lombard.
rFOB'^arer^Jh^^store* 3.."jvln*r rooms: must- be
¦j '.-".. sold account of -t-lckncsa. .".3J0 Fourth. St.. . .
: FOR-SALE'-^-A '.-tV;; cstablli-hod harness. -busl-
' •'• "ne«>* in'the^ thriving dry- of Chlco. •' For pa.r-
•';¦ r.ttcuJars;c»Il «n L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
¦: ¦". Market ",Bt.--. or- write to box 263. Chlco. . '.' .
. A-4 FOR. •¦ quick- ¦" sales see' Brown the hu*stlerf
'•• advtrtlsf-is : : mprjey -advanced.' i Phone How-
'• -'/ird-' 2J-25; ' '•'"';.•" '•* ' ' ¦ '.'
$10:. A' : DAY .averaee assured by the Rockton
¦ fa<"e- system for people who have hard h<5rse
. -¦senae;. , Box 3455, Call. • ." .
. $2.*>00^F.OR ss.le. -first-class, good paying sa-
Jdcn: good Mock on hand. California St., neat.
. Market. BOx-45C9, Call office. ; .
•WANTED— A man with $500 for half tnterest
- in good paying buslr.ees; i>aylng $300 month-
'"..ly; -.Address box 4579. Call. -office. - " -
FOR -rale— -A largre, well-pa-rln-t. bakery; short
' .'. distance from city. . Box 4706. Call.
...A" BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-'
• tlon- of advertisements. and subscriptions has
'. been craned at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ni. '
LOIIGI.\U-IIOt:Mii.S FOR SALE.
' ' ' '.'. \ PUarion griffin. I . ¦ T
," ¦ *- . - MARION CRIFFIN-,
• -.'.' .- MARION' GRIFFIN.
¦ ••¦•- MARION-GRIFFIN. ' .
','• • . • MARION GRIFFIN. "
• *. - MARION GHIFFIN.
'.' /I - - ' ' t MARION GRIFFJN.'j .
*• ... fRoom 40fe. Examiner BMfld'.ng.]
.. "Phohf filack 3«"07. Take elevator tb 4th floor.
.LARGE, new. elegantly furnished* house: cost
JSiViO; will eell fof amount of mortpage; pos-
•ltlvely a. fo*xed sale; e.asy terms; clears $300
a ocnth; $1500 cash necessary. • ¦
• ¦ MARION GniFFtX. ]
HOTEi.. with bar;" ZS' rooms: great sacrifice;
only $210U; din.lnc-hxilm eeats 10ft- electric
lights; newly furnished. M*ARION (JHIFFIN.)
PARTLY furnished, 20-room house; "sunny side;
north of Market; if you have furniture tn
Btcraze maVt "proposition to
? MARIOX GRIFFIN. ]
YOU can make f 10,000 -per year in a certain
ultra-fafihlcnable apartmont-hjusc; extflu-
slvely fcr sale by MARION GRIFFIN. ]
WE can show you a swell ropmln-j-house, em-
inently respectable, far $12,*000. frcm which*
?C0«0 is banked yearly. MARION GRIFFIN. J
JOBS at $3 per day at horns are l-carce; we
know cf one; price (#1050) incliiJ--8 17-room
house. MARION GRIFFIN. ]
NEW building: 30 rooms elegantly furnished;
clears Jir.O month: lease: easy tSrms.
. ' ' •* MARION GKIFFIN. ]
DARING, ability and S45OO will yield a profit
of $500 monthly right here in this city.
Before >'ou Invest elsewhere you'd better go
and see MARION 'GRIFFIN. ]
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY.
1020 MARKET ST. OPP. FIFTH..
PHONE MINT 79C.
Carriaire for Customers.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED. '
BUYER AND KELLER PROTECTED.
FORMER PATRONS My BEST REFER-
ENCES.
J3 rooms; Mission st.:- rent $50 $350
29 rooms; rent $55; snap ..~. 1200
9 rooms; housekeeping; clears $27 -. 200
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $40...... T>(H)
11 rooms; Eddy st.; rent $50 f-o.l
60 rooms ; transient ; liquor license 2700
Brooms; Post st.; rent $32; only 250
9 rooms; Sutter et. ; 3 unfurnished 350
20 rooms; rent $90: 2% years' lease; oflfer.
GRAND CORNER. 100 ROOMS, first floor
office; lease; low rent; clears -$500 monthly;
come country transient. See this first-clae-i
proposition. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st od-
poslte Fifth. . "
20 ROOMS; new; rent only $00; 3 yea/s"
lease; clears $100; good carpets*, oak furni-
ture; every room sunny; large yard. HINK-
LEY. 1020 Market st.
MODERN apartment-house. 44 room*; rent
• $240; guaranteed to clear $200: 3 and 4 room
apartments; f-legantly furnished. See my
/agent. C. E. HINKLEY. -
120 ROOMS; rent lrss than $5 a room; up to"
date in every respect; finely furnished; books
open: clears $3.V> to $400 monthly; $$C00;
part cash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. :
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
are. See R. G. WILKE, 26 ft Kearny «L
| _ EMPLOYMENT. WANTED— MALE. .
"AN elderly single German Is open tor at posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
¦with practical kmnvledga of all agricultural
branches, especially forestrv, would be In
requisition. Box -tf6S. Call office. .
YOUNG man with push desires position assist-
ant shipping, clerk'or general assistant around
store; good .references In house furnishing |
goods line- age 24. Address R. L..-G.. 251 i
Minna st. ...
FIRST-CLASS coachman from' New York; can
handle 4 horses; specialty In handling and
taking care of horses; willing worker; not
looking for high wages. Btjx* y?99y Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman from New Yelrt; can j
handle 4 horses; specialty Is handling and
taktrid care of horses; willing .worker; not
looking for high wages. Box 5999.- Call. \
"WANTED — Position of trust cr collector by a
middle-aged married man; first-class refer-"
ence from last position of 15 years'. Address
box 2094. Call office.
WANTED — By a competent man. a steady po-
. sttton to take charge of a stable; 5* years In
last place. Box 2804, Call office.
BARBER, competent to position 'as such.,
would' like steady or Saturday and gynday
work. Address 31) Clara st. "\ •
STEADY,' sober man wants. work erf any kind;
•can milk, 'care of horses; no garden .work;
city or country. - Box 2sO7, Call.. . .
MAN wants to flnlih* barber trade; has had 2.
years* experience. Address WILLIAM WIL-
SON, OSS Howard st. #> otty. "
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work. Box" 1
: 201)5, Call office. ¦ * I
A SOBER young -mnn wishes to learn {rood
trade. Roum 22.T, Winchester Hotel. |
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants short hour !
work. H. S., 277' Minna st. . • j
UPHOLSTERER, carpet and drapery man j
wants, work. 2231 Mission st. '• . |
COACHMAN. • gardener, pruning, 'grafting or |
lay out a new plat; first-class work In any
branch; field or landscape. * Address J. W.,
C13 Mission st. •
SOBER man want3 good home for the winter;
willing to .do licht chores In excSange for
room and board. ' JOXGHAUS. 1031 Mission.
BARBER wants . position evenlncs, Saturday
and bunda-y. -Box ECM), Call.
BARBER .desires "evenln-ss arid Saturday work.
1410 .Larkln st. ;-ea".l pet. 2:3o*and 4:3t> or
alter b:3o p. m. ;. phone Larkin 1102."
WELL-EDUCATED young Englishman r£
quires work In any capacity; excellent refer-
ences H., 24 Eleventh et.. 'city.' • •- ...
WAtf TED— Work in factory or warehouse by
married man; steady and total .abstainer.
EDWARD OZANNE. general Postofflce. San .
Francisco. ,
SINGLE middle-aged- American wants subur-
ban, position as. cook and general utility
man In small .family, without children. Ad- j
dress room 60. 321 Ellis st. .: I
CHRISTIAN .young man wiehes a' situation |
with a priesl or Catholic Institution, city or i
by December 1. Box 4725, Call. 1
SITUATION /wanted by a steady, soier and
industrious man, 'as tool sharpener aroiind a
mine or tt-- take care of or set Up machinery,
or run a hoist; a. good all-around man. Ad-
dress bojc 4391', Call office. . .
TO first-class installment house — Experienced
salesman for your Uome'stlc dry roods de-
partment, blankets, curtama, linens, etc. :
excellent stockkeeper; good references. Box
20S6. Call office.
AN elderly single German Is open for a posi-
tion where general administrative ability,
with i*rnctical knowledge of all agricultural
. branches, especially forestry, would be in
requisition. Box 456S. Call office. . -
ESTIMATOR and salesman: marble, sranlte
and building material In general; a good cor-
respondent, and bi*ftine«s getter desires slttja-
tlon. Box 3452. Call office.
A* YOUNG, bright 'Japanese wants position as
schoolboy Jn small family In the vicinity of
Jefferson square Y. R., Japanese Gospel
Society, 725 Geary st.* . . '
STEADY, reliable man and wife wish to take
char-re of a "gentleman's place or a stock
ranch: good references: S. P.. 77 Ninth st. p
SITUATION wanted by expert and experienced
draftsman and designer. Address box 857,
Call office. Oakland. - ••*¦*
YOUNG Chinese, rood cook, wants position In
private family or hoarding-house. CHUNG
WIXG. 02 Clay st.. room 2. .
A JAPANESE laundryman wants to work In -a
family in town; 15 years' exp ; r ence In Japan;
$;'5 to $.10. TAGUCHl. 0;i5 Sacramento st.
AN honest young Japanese who speaks Rood
English wishes to do housework. Address H.
-MAKA. 923 Sacramento st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In private
family as .schoolboy; rood cook. Address W.
NOMNURA. 51S Jessie st. * . ,
A JAPANESLE high school student wants a po-
sition as Pchoolbr.y; plain cook or waiter; $2
week, room. SA£a. 807 Polk st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FLATS TO.. LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will saveiyou time and
,.- trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., Z45-25U Geary
¦¦¦• »t.; on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting. department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca..
tlon you want. STERLING -FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. - . . - -
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. ; V
ELLIS. 821 nnd 82fi— 3 an'd 5 room flats; Just
finished: t35 and 845. :-..•"•¦%¦,-
THREE sunny rooms and bath;. marine view
1209 Taylor at. I
6 NEW sunny flats, 6 rooms. .bath; yard- open
to-day. Pqat st.. , bet. Broderick and Baker.
$7— LOWER flat.- 72Gtf Harrison «t.. between
Third and Kourth. - *'< .:
FLATS TO LET FUR.V1SHEO. *
CAPP. 6N — Flat of five sunny completely fur-
nished rooms. . piano. g# 8 and coal range.
CalV between 10 and 5.-
DIAMOND. 81B— Flat of three sunny-furnished
-. rooms; $14. '¦ V
* FLATS FOR SALE— -FURNISHED.
FOR sale, cheap. 6-room corner flat; nicely fur-
nlshed; rent $30;. fine location. 724 Franklin.
FOR SALE— Cheap; centrally located furnished
flat of five -rooms; rent $22 50.; 2 Post CouVt.
off Post. :'.ne*r Larkln. •SeWm-ja^iV-.-- ,-¦ - : •
A NE"CLY furnished fiat of 8 rooms for sale;
. cheap? 156 Eddy st.
JONES, 90-J— Departure ; furnished flat of 7
rooms and bath; a good • investment. : ,
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORlSlON~IunlJurst~& .knife plalUng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 1H) Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure ;eve. class. 1018 Mrkt,
. EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
' F..— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
' languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night cessions; illustrated catalogue fret.
AYRES, the leading business college. 72S Mar-
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue tree; life scholar-
ship. $B0; day and evening session*.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A tbordu-rh school" ; positions secured for
graduates; -modern methods; Individual in-
struction. .Write tor illustrated catalogue.
• HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
I dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between .Pine -and California; both adult arid
* children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
far the university, lay and medlaal colleges;
ref.. "President Jordan 'or any Stanford profes-
' sor; day and evening sessions.. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL t GERSON School of Acting, th<
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
Vest: 12 teachers ;~nehd <or catalogue. Na-
tl\-e Sons'- bide., 414 Mason st.'. • • -. _ ,}
•ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech., eur-
- vey, as-pay, cyanide; dcy^ ev. ; cst. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines £ Electrlclty.24 Post
ft.. S. F. ; a practical eohool of engineering;
complete eguloment.. Special catalogue tree.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business CoHege. 123«
; Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day'and evening sessions; write, for catalogue.
DANCING. Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nr.
' . Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
EUGENE DF. FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall., 840 Geary st. ; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Oay and
I • PARTINGTON'S. 424 Plnest Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeepinh, grammarNsv-rltlng.
etc.; day or eve!; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SLl .. . ; . sr
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Poet St.; te!. Bush~133^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
.* nl-shes best help: contracts for farm help, eta;
A — ORPHEUM, Employment Office — Japanese-
* Chinese help. 42C Powell. Tel Main 5752:
A— GRAND Japanese-Chin*»He Emp. Office. 414
• Stocktan; tel. Grant 168; expert, relrable help.
RELIABLE' Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all klKdB_h_elp. 310 Stockton: Main 51SS.
.JAPANESE Henry Housecleaning .Co. Teh
James IBM. 2«OV6 Brannan 1st.
CHINKSE Employment Offtce — Best help at
Leon Seung's.,411^ O' Fan-ell; tel. East. 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!ffl~. BRADLEY & CO- C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS cooks. $30, $35; chamber-
. maiils, $'J5; house girls, $25, $S0; waiting
poslticns at' tlie Domestic Club. 233 Geary
st.. corner- Stockton, rtwm 36. .MRS. M. M.
THOMPSON, phone Bush .654.
A LADY would like a place to do Keneral
housework or would go out by the day.
'273S Bryant st. . ¦
A YOUNG girl, very fond of children and
' willing, spunks German arid English, wishes
situation-; please state wages. Box 2S05, Call.
POSITION 'wanted . by respectable lady as
housekeeper in widowers family; flrst-clat>s
references. Box' 859. Call office. Oakland.
NORWEGIAN- girl wishes a place at general'
housework In an American family, 216^
Sandier fit., near Fifteenth.
WOMAN with a child wishes place as laun-
dress or- housework* for small family; wages
'. $gr.. 424 Tenth et. .
GERMAN girl wants position 1 as second girl.'
Box CO, Call branch. Church and Duncan sts.,
WOMAN wants to do general h'ousework ; also
< ' young girl wants offlca work. 2C1 Shipley st.
WANTED— Situation as good cook; willing, to
do some washing; references. 2C22 Bush .st^
A COMPETENT: good cook with best city ref-
erences: wages $30 to $35. Box 2S06. Call.
LADY wants to be an artist's model. Box
2092. Call office^ ¦ ¦
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes .work* by
the day; call for 3 days. 77. Ninth st. -
WANTED — Work by the * day, washing or
VHousecleanlng; please call. 616 Ft.lsom st.
PLAIN sewing. $1 60 per day. 2246 Central
ave.. Alameda; phone Eagle 1063.
CAPABLE, young, strong Irish girl, who can
cook well wants housework in a family
paying $30 a month; has four years' refer-
ences from prei-ent place. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
) GOOD cook; will do plain washing; also young
girl to do upstairs work or take care of chil-
dren; references. Apply 1314 Jessie St.. near
Herman. " • -.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
as housekeeper ot light housework for a sr--H
family or will take charge of dining-room and
kitchen: good plain cook; -wages $20; car-
fa reWSMiniiatt^. ' * • ' -1-
A REFINED, educated middle-aged lady, a
linguist, wishes poslto<n an companion, gov-
ernef a or housekeeper*, would go to the coun-
try or travel; best city references; no trlflers.
Box 291)1. Call. " V f O
A LADY would like to Jake --barge of. a
rooming-house of about .25 room"; will do all
¦the work; salary $.'15 "and room. Address
3. H. S., box 20SS. Call. ¦
WANTED by capable middle-aged lady posl-
'tion as housekeeper* widower's family pre-
ferred. MRS. J.; box 4735, Call. :
WANTED— By a young, refined, highly edu-*
cated lady. * position as ¦ companion ; best of
references. . Box 3462, Call." . : . .
WOMAN wants to do plain sewing. 75 cents a
day. In Oakland and Alameda. Address G.
A. Diamond Postofflce.
WANTED by thoroughly competent woman, a
position as housekeeper; htst of references.^
Address -box 4503. Call office. ._,
GIRL : wants a situation for housework and
- cooking; plea>e ctfll" Monday. 14«6 Grove st.
COLORED woman wishes a situation aa chil-
dren's nurse. Box 3465, Call office. . -
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do second
housswork. ' 1026 Caroline st.," bet 22d, 23d.
WANTED — Children's sewing at; home; lsa
• flrst-class plain sewer on all garments; can
furnish references. .; 402 Eighth st. •;,¦.-.."
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook: best city ref-
\_erencfs. Call 654 Stevenson st. ' :-._[
SITUATIOJf by a competent girl in small fam-
¦ lly; good references. .7 years. Box 4502. Call.
SITUATION , wanted by lady aa - manicurist In
a shaving parlor. Box 4750. "Call office.
"WANT ads . and \ subscriptions taken for The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister /it. '
FIWABTCIAL.
nan»ial' A-rent. 322 Emma Spreckeis_P^f^_
P ACIAJTj ; HABSAOE.
A- WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guarj
anteed t new method; 60c. M. L V T ° p o^?t
curing parlors. 7«4--Larkln st,: phone Polk 17.
• : % FURMTURK WAXTED.
HIGHEST price* for furniture and nwl"" 8 - hjSr
BURP. auctlone^r,1818-Mkt.;tei.Howard -.M-
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red ««.
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WAXTED-i-FKMALH.
WANTED— Cook. Mare Island. $30. see Party
11 o'clock- cook no washing. 10 people. $M.
•8 cc^ks iltUe "washfng. $-W. $35; 2 parlor
maids. $30; 2 butlers, $.«: 3 second girls $-0
$25; 3 laundresses, cl.ty and country, $"»>••?
nurse girW, $20. $25; chambermaid $20.
kitchen helper, $tt.week, sleep -home; cleaning
woman, hospital. $20: 3 lunch waitresses
second glrr.. Salinas. $25;' chambermaid and
resort, open all the year. $J5. fare
here; 55 house girls, city and country- $^>.
$25, $S0. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st. L .
.WANTED— A general housework girl for Santa.
1 Barbara. $35; 2 4months: fare paid
both ways. J. F. CROSETT & CO. A« gut-
ter _st. : .
*AT~S F. EMPLOY. BUREAU. 17 Fourth St..
girl ror light Housework of 2. Oakland $-4
and found; dining-room irlrl- for institution.
$20 and found; -rirl for -housework of *
adults, city. $25 and found; nurse- girl; city.
•references, $20 and -found: salesladies, Oak-
land. $6 a week, steady; housekeeper for 1
. In family. Oakland. $15 found; 2 girls for
light housework, city. $15 and found. S. F.
EMPLOY. BUREAU, phone Grant 26.
GIRL for cooking and general housework in
an American family of two persons; wages
$30: very little washing. Apply rMI&S
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
LAUNDRESS; must do some housewort: for
small family; $30. Apply MISS PLUNKETT,.
* 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A — The Domestic Club, 233 Geary. s,t.
Room 3tj, Mrs. M. M. Thompson, manager.
Parlor maid, waitress, San Rafael, 430:
Laundress, country. $30;- hous^ girls, best
' c'.ty homes, $25 to $30.
A — TWO more young ladies to tend soda foun-
•--- , no experience necessary: $7 week. MRS.'
M. fr DAY. 351 O'Farrell st. '
A — WANTED-^Glrla . to " leaJrn - hairdreasinc.
manicuring. *tc. : trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; $6 to those entering now; 3 po-
* Sitlons to rtfl Immediately; positions guaran-
'. i«ed at $10 per week up; leading school la
•yVeat. . 233 Geary st..*- room -13. -- ¦ . ¦
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son;* both Beasons taught from start to finish
. in 1 -month for $10; petitions as trimmers,
salesladies*, eta, -guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
. day and "evening class.- 143 Stockton st:, r. 13.
A — LADIES, to iearn all branches hatrdrestlng
trade;. manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket »t.. 'cor. Jones', Mom 94; positions secured-
'* at hlgheKt wages: day and- eve. class; call.
6EWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV- :
" ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECE83AJRT:
PAID SALARY." LEVI BTRAUSS tc CO/8-
FACTORIES. 32 4 FREMONT ST. AND. 1374
• MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. . , ;
•EXPERIENCED PRESSERS ON NE^LWJET*
OVERSHIRTS.- STANDARD FACTORY.
COR.* GOUGH AND GROVE STS. ¦- [
LA DIES 'wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenlncs cr snare time and return to
.~ us;., no mulling or canvassing; $9 weekly
..-earned; materials free ;. enclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars-. Guarantee Co.. No.
S. -.4. Ninth St., Philadelphia. Pa.
J WOlfETX to sew. at home; 49 t*r -week-; rnate-
! • rials sent everywhere' free; steady work; plain
< -sewing -nly^send addressed envelope for full
. particulars, s. D.. Du Port, Philadelphia. Pa.
I WANTED — German Blrl for upstalrs'work-anfl
j oare of bab'y: wages $2O to P-5. Call-O to
; 10:30 p. m.. 017 nuena Vista avenue: Halght-
I street car, get oftat Central avenue.
WAXTED 1 - A neat girl. for upstairs work: and
!* waiting ac table; must have g'orld references.
j Inquire after 11 o'clock. 2610" Buchanan St.,
I "' corner Broadway. ' "„"¦••
WANTED — Experienced alteration ' hands rn
" suits. Call at STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107
Post' st. S . f . v • . •
GOOD cook and .rauridress for countrj'. • $10.
Call at I£T7 Ellis street between 10 ar.d 12
'o'clock to-day. . . ' '
A GIRL for ireneral housework and cooking-..
. wa«tes*$.10; 6 in fami'ly; references required;"
"2010 Latrurfa st. • . '
OPERATORS on !adles' cloaks, suits and skirts.
GOLDMAN •& KRAMER. 750 Market street:
NEAT Protestant girl, . housework, ' cooking*,
I • washing out; family gy'j.ZTt. 2224 Jackson.
, GIRL to aislst in jrpjieral housework in family
of adults. 1C15 Golden Gate ave. . ¦ .
GIRL ,to do llcht housework. Call at 1520
' • Poet Et. • , . - . • . ¦
\JL LADY of Indomitable, energy to make money
- ar.d a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
|- and" 473 Parrott building.
I GIRL assist houseworkr" small family: -flat;'
• waf*es $12. 504 Steirier St., bet, Oak and Fell.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 i>. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
OPERATORS wante.d on all parta of shirts;
' high-speed rnachinfs-: best price* for work of
any factory. ULMAN. SEELIGSOHN &
BROWN*. 10 Battery'st. .
WANTED — Two earnest well-bred women,
capable of earnlnr good Incoroe. for position
of trust. Box 2097. Call. '
WANTED— fair! to assist, In light housework.
294 VaJenchi st. . " '
FlrfST-CLASS stenographer* furnished. Miss
If.* G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
•Call Brapch office, cor, rwincan * Church sts.
.CLASSIFIED advertisements and" subrcrtptlons
¦received «t Call branch ofn'ce.22C0Flllmore st.
A' BRANCH office 'of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha3 I.
been" opened" at IOCS Market' st., opposite f
Fifth. 'Open until 11 p. .m. . • • ; * . j
HELP .AVA.tXISO-^MALG.'. " -.
Ei-ECTRICIAN,. JSRO and found*, rrurse; youn*r
man for hunting club;, garden.er, 525 to $3il
and found; choreboy- $."« 'and found; fruit
'farmer and wife, $45 and found: 2 butlers.
$35 and found; ranch cook ( *>?."> and found
(see bo-it- here), arid others. J. K. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacrarnento st. ' •
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT* AGENCY,,
K> Third st. — Woodsmen; 2 tlnjber fellers,
redwood, ?65 and board; 2 buefct-rs. $5Q and
board; 3 lumber pliers, $30 a month; amal-
gamator, one who can run sasollne engine.
California. Employment Agency. 59 Third st.
•A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook, $!H)**cock. $40; dishwasher. $35: mas-
seur, $30; porter. $25; 2 colored waiters.
'YOUSO men everywhere, cbpy letters, home
evenings. $!> 50 weeK. "Send addressed en-
' velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Experienced crockery* packer;
. steady Job and good wages to right man;
none ethers need apply. Box 2S1S, . Call.
SALESMAN — Thoroughly experienced .nan of
Rood appearance for tailoring dept. Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market «t. •
EXPERIENCED drugsifit sundry" marl: state
' experience and salary expected. Address box
2S17.- Call. -< •
BOY In real estate* office; give refe'rence. Ad-
dress box 200(1. Call office. •
TWO-CHAIR barbershflp for rale, 2 living-
rooms in back; a snap. l'> Polk st.
ERRAND boy. 12-14. S02 Post St.
JEWELER that can polish. 328 Eush St., .third
floor, .room 4. ••
.WANTED— Crippled Boy 14 to' 16 years old to
lewn machine trade. Address b<±c 3000, Call.
YOUNG men wrappers. Apply superintendent's '
office. Emporium. •¦ ,
EXPERIENCED collector. Apply 1
superintendent's office-. Emporium. ¦ J
CLOTHING salesman for the country. Apply i
bet. J) and 10 -a. tn. at 5 Battery st. <
"GOOD barbtr wanted; steady man. 203 Third.
st.. '.¦ near Howard. * |
BARBER _ wanted. 135ft Howard st. .
YOUNG experienced butcher wanted at -1307
Pork st. r-
First-class waiter. <H) Stockton st.*
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. WILL
-&TINCK CO., 818 Market st. j
WANTED — An exprtenced city drummer. *.
Brownstone Wine Company, 320 Market st.
BARBKRS — I would like to buy a 2-chalr
< barber shop. Box 345S. Call office.
BARBER trade tauzht In ana month, new*
method. Western Colle-re of Barbers, room
; , 111, No. 6 Eddy 8t.. > flfth floor.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
- dry goods wrapper." Apply between 8 and 11 .
a. m. at HALE'BROS.* |
THE CALL
JOHJT P. SFatsdaCgiiB. Proprieto*f. ¦
Lt!Um CcEsmmaaa to IOHK KcSADBHT, Kmger
IV. J.* MARTIN Business Manager.
* * - ' TELEPHONE. * .'
Afk ror THE CALL. The 'Operator Will Coa.,
nect Tou With the Department' You Wish. .
Publication Office Market and •Mi'rd. S. F.
Editb'rial Rooms. .*..*._ '^11 7 to 221 Stevenson 6t,
Delivered by . Carrier*. 20 .Cts.* Per Week.. 73
Cii«. Per Morrth. Pintle Copies S Cents.
Terms by Mail,* including Postage (Cash .With
,.."'¦ ' •• Order): *.* -. * : . '•"
D'AILT CALL <lnclud. Sunday), 1 Year.it .$S.O0
* DAILY CALL Un'clud.' Sunday).. 6 moi 4.U0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.- , 73c
SUNDAY C"At,L.*l Yvar ~. ...:.. .'¦ 250
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year .* : 100
FOREIGN" 1 Daily... ?S.8O -Per Year Extra
™™ . Sunday.. 4.15 Per Yrar txtra
IVSJAUB. j we^icijr. l.uo Per Year' Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AITTHORIZEL
. TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. * -.
Sample Copies * wHl be forwarded -when -re-
quested. :
Mail subscribers. in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular <o give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order ' to ' insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their- re-
quest, .» *. * i . £ t.'.''
OAKLAND OFFICE. •":"" ¦•
1118 Broadway.. v .... -,,..-. Telephone .Main J0S3
¦ "•: BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street. ...:..... Telephone Xortb'77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: • '•
MORTON E. CRANE -1406 'G .Street,- X. .VT.-
•'. NE*ir- YORK NEWS" STANDS : '¦';.'•'•
"R'aldorf-Astbria '- .Hotel;-" A."- Brentajio,*- 31
Union Square: Murray- Hill Hotel;" Flfth-ave--
cue Hotel end : Hoffman- House.- -. ¦ . ''- * :.
'. *. . "^CHICAdQ NEWS.'- STANDS :•''•'-. '-.
Sher-rnan* Hpuce: '.P. ..Ol News; Co.'r .Great
Ntjrthern Hotel: .TperriOrit' House; • AudltJorium
Hotel ;. Palmex. House.' .'....;'..". "•..".. -. ¦• >..• ¦¦
, '. . CHICAGO REPRESENTATiVE: 11
C: GEORGE ,KROGNESS...Marquette'Buil<!ing
' * *(Lofcg"*D!rtance Telephone,. vCentral.2619.")"
> : eV.tork represent ative--' •¦
•_ .CTEPIiEN B. SMITH".. '....30 .-Tribune ; Baildlng
' * '••'NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT* '
C..C ,CARLTONV. . ". >. .,;" . \ ... ..¦,-,.; Heralil Square.
. . BUSINGS'.- -'.OFFicE." at --.The . 'K*n'. Francisco'
*..* Call, corner Markef and.- Third streejr; bpe«
• ¦' .until. 15 -o'clock «?very" ; night, in the ieaK' -.-
¦ ' * . •• - . BRANCH -OFFICES; '- \ ¦ = • •'•:' .. .
• lor* M"arket etreet; .opep unti; 11 ' .-p. .j-£ : " U'.--
.. M i°Si rom *' r> ' Btr **. t -' certe*-- Clay; open t»n-"
til. v:2Q d:. m." .-*.-*- * ."."..-'.-- *.-" .- -. -¦
fS? HV'e'.'treet j operi.TJntii 9:30 :p.' ' m'.--' .. '.
6S9 MrAUfrter-Btree't.-.open uriUl.fl-30 p.'m; •''
¦1SM1. Mission stre-et; operi.untir I-Op.-m:'- -¦:¦ : -'.'.
«15 Larkln street; open until9:3Op> ni. .*'•¦• .- :;
2261 Market- Btreet",. corner Sixteenth; epen, tin,
;£L-^! eyentlr - lltr '* t: openuihtii ¦/¦iC'iuv-^-.:*.'^
c lTOe \ aJencU etreet: open" until 9 p.'m;- - : - ."
; • Sp^StST* £ n ? fh :¦ °? -^^ ¦*?*??
Kbrthweet corner, of T-*ehty-se*on4 «ijd Ken-.
tucky -streets'; open .until .0 p. m.,: ™. '- ': : ;
gOOFlIlmore street .-.open until 9 p.-m.:. .¦¦•- '¦ •¦ '
_¦' '.'•*'•• MEETIXg . XOTICES;-. ¦ ;. .. ..'
CALIFORNIA 'Chapter .No. % 'b A' ' : MC' i : *"¦'
win • meet- -TH1& (TUESDAYVEV^- \_K/
IN G Decettrber * 1. '.at' ' 7;.3O ' o'clock. ' X/\
Stated meeUng an« M.-MI derree.- By '?* V
order of the H.'P' . : ! " . -V'Z
*' ' ' FRANKLIN H DA Y.- .Secretary. -V
OOLDE-N- Gate 'Lod-teNO.' 3O ; . F and ' *i ' '• '-L ' I
a* —Annual : meeting' .. -THIS ''-i.TUES- *JK*
¦ DAT) ETVENING. • af ¦ 7.:30 •' b'Clock^XX""
. -Election of officers' .'• ¦¦. : ''.-*.•¦¦-. '-'T.V
c •' - .' /.EDWIN -U- M-EYEft.;,.SfrreXaryV ' •
ORIEN-rAL Ixxlge' / '.N9:':i44, ; 'F.-.artd : A.--':4' '- V
M.— Stated .meeting- and annual- ele<r--xA<''
tlon THIS -. <TUESDA-YJt ¦ EVENING;- AA •""
at 8 «'cio<tk. . . . -. .; : ' ¦"¦•..• -.-. • ;- ¦ .. -. - - ¦¦•¦¦ T_*»
• .- - - ; ¦'- ;¦.•¦". A. 'S, ifUBBAR'P.'.-S»?c': •:';¦¦
TEMPLAR Lodge No! : . 17: ]\1\ '<) : . '. ¦'¦¦>***_*;_.¦
'"O. F— EJectlrvn "or .officers' THIS <^Om&^
rTUESDATi. EVENING. ' Visit-' ~-"S-t5K£*i
lag brothers- -c^'raiafly. irv.rted : \- . ~?*l£Sftl^' '
.* • . •¦•' • . J-- i*;.. -m&'rrisoN'V.-r. s. .
ABOU BEN' -ADH-eii "-Lodge-; : No. ¦^ s m_^Z~
112. I O. O." -F. -^¦Member* ar-'^^lHtjH.
notifed to aMen'd funeral :«5f oar - i J!t5lSj?Hj
late .brother. J.;.P. COCHRAJC, "^33%^^
P: G.. TUESDAY.-t.p. m .-.from lodgeroom.
' W...H.--A. FORBES. .N. <}. /¦
OFFICERS and. .meinbar-r -pf .-Court' m'""' • :i - -
Robin Hood No. 1...F. .<Sf-.A. : .' are" \lJ"'-'
•hereby noticed .to attend trie f t-tieral . "cT-- '"¦
of - our . late brother,' JOHN .. F-- '- /Sm.
¦ BULLWTNKLE. from hie late rr-M- •'*£*>..'.
dence, 9C2 Pacific St.. TUESDAY December..
1 1903 at 11 'a.' <n. -•'' • • •' " \ V . •' *• » -.- '
•" ',: ' . ' -W. F. '.SPENCER; -'C.-.Tt'---"
F. A. MILL'ER. Fin.:. Sec; ¦¦ *;. ;.,../.[¦'¦;'.¦:'
AUSTRIA^ Benevolent -'Socleo— The w-a3^\"
regular quarterly * mfjetinjc ¦ .'will-'-be ft-Bia'
' • hrjr; at -41.i. Pu'.i'r st.' -ori": W*EpXESr re'???.
DAY EVENING., December vs. . 1'9C«. rSjftV* '•'
at 7:30 sharp ;. -appropriations: and.donaUoh*C ¦•
nomination of officers'' for the- rrisuing . yrar' V
and otht-r vrrj' --inip^rtan*.: business" wlll : ';be •;'
transacted ;• all -members 'y£o'h&.ve -not" signed 1,
the* pt'titiori "on -.consr.lidajJoa- 'ate 'requcs'tfa -!j
to do «o k.t thi^ rpefcting. FiTn'e* -fpr/n'on-atT- .
tendance will t»e efictly eiiCorce'd. - : By or 1 '
der of ' .- AUG.- *y;iKl*LI<-H: •P-;< s f>i<ierft. -' ,
DETWITT W. T9I.L; RecpHirig. Secr-»tarjy
ST. ANDREW'S • "iocjety— iiembpts •*," .'
are requasted to attend -the; f jinvral -^, 7>
of our. late" fellow., merilber :" Jf>-.- VkXVs^ .
SEPH P. COCHRAN*. -' ifom .the' ."«^»i
Central Methodist Church\ '.Mifes'irm- tu.. be-
tween SixtH an* Seventli,- 'at-' ~Z o'-clock -TO-
iDAY. P LIVINGSTON- DUNN, preekleht. " ."
J. BLACK. . Secretary, -. V ' - •. ¦';'.:'. .':.'.
LABORERS'* Protective Union- No'.-'S34i^-rN*- '"¦
tlce ia berebj- jgiven that a .special meeting
* of this "union win* be held" at- Teutonla HalC
1320 Howard. etreet. on*Tuesda'y, Decembpr'l.;, *
at 6 p. m.. ' for" the purpose of -voting*. pa '
two proposed amendments- t.q .the; constitu-
tion and . by-laws. All" rnerhbers -are'- '.r*^-'
<juected to be cure a.nd -attends. * ¦'.:'¦: "• ';
¦ ¦ M. O-LEARr. Pres. '
W. J. JOYCE. Fin, Sec; . ; - -.. . .-. -•'••:
CHEAPEST and bert In America— The 'Weekly- .
. Call. 1« pages, sent to any' ad"<lres»- In- "the
United States or Canada ' one- -year for $1. ..
posta|re paid. - - * ¦¦-¦..-.
¦ . > . ¦ —f
AGENTS WAXT-3D. .V." - '- r
AGENTS^ — An agency for a .proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building arid -loan
U worth having. Great Westcrti Improve- •
ment Company. Farro'tt bulldfnz. *.'..••' '
WE 'have a very ajtractivc offer- for subscrip-
tion representatives in- * the* Pacific 'r*oj»*t
Ptatets. Addret-s Ji» Columbian bldg.. S. F.
ATTOKXE\S-AT-LAW.
— -.V, 11. BITTNER. :
ATTORNEY A*D COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice tree. ' Phone South 743.
Euit «22. Kmma Epreckels buildinc.
*Divcrct.« quietly end legally obtained for
right cauwe; daniaces secured for Injuries to
pei-aoo or estate; reclevlns tor proDerty un-
l«-*rfuliy detained: attachments and sarnlsh-
tr.ent* fcr lebts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
-proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made 1*> all carts of the U. t>.
A PRIVATE, quick lilvorct* far a- small fe«.
fee me and rtvn money: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ec'hblivhed 22 ••*. ; rJis. 1. 2. 3, 4 i 6. *-rt fl.
1 122 Uarket Ft., between Mat-on and Ta;.'lor.
Advice r-e*. ah t-iatterr. Detectives employeO. '
AA— THE Legal Advi-M-ry. inc.: reliable attor-
neys; practice is all courts; attachments. d1-
*crce, estates, banlcrfptcy. probate. -611
rfllA. SUB Croesley bldg.. N. E. cor. ftew
Montromery and Mi»-*=ion et*.: tel. John 2326.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam bid*.
€th floor, entrance room fill: established 20
years: all cas-ss; general court and offlcs-
rractloe; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I win advance cost In meritori-
ous ca*es, divorces, probate and all other law
races: no few in advance; open every «v-a-
•eg. 3. M THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
*~ ADVICE FREE. ~ *
Columbian I^oan and Collection Agency.
Room. S3. t>16 Market st.; tel. John C226.
DIVORCE cr*t« J12; quick and quiet: .open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315. * -
DIVORCE costs fl2; open eveninrs;* tenants
e;ect-*d. *;5. QIC Market, r.C2;phone Black C51. :
DIVORCE — Costs.* »12; quirk, quiet; advtc*
free; open evenings. 927 Marfcst «t.. r. 301.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Rpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- '
ket tt.; consnltation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge urrTess successful: all '
taw bt-ElncCT. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market,
A BRANCH offlc* tot Call advertisements and !
futwrriptlons tat been asublubed at 1W9 '
Vn'er»-<«l «t. •
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. :
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of fanr and fancy birds:' goldfish, seed
'«rn. '*c. Give us a trial; w« will pleasa :
you. 1S4<1 Market *L
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads; j
rlty cr eountrr. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgonm-T. rooms 9-10; fl. BSSft.
COTTAGES TC» LET. '
CORNER, eunny. furnished six-room cottage.
If 18 Steiner »t.; call 12 to 2 p. m.
HELP WAXTED MALE— ¦^oAtlnne-d..
A— MURRAY-'* READY. KM-K5C Cla'y, st . .
, . , Phone Main 5S4S. .- .
' Leading Employment and Laboc Ag-nts .
1002 we gave . 1305 we'll g i' v «
"45,000 men work. 6O.U0O men work."
Arizona] ".--.".
-Oregon. " * •- Nevada:-
Sou Jhern. Pacific and Santa Fe systems -'f-e«
• pass * .
' . ' ON EVERY. TRAIN, . • -' *
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra -fangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. - • • A^
Stables. Varms. Orchard*. Dairies. "*'. " -
Farm and orchard han<L«, $.M). $.i5. J4(> '.,« .
rrtlfkers. $30 to ?5U and found. • -. • .*
'Stablemen, city, "country jobs. $30 to i'tiO.
3U5 wootlchoppers. * ' ',
2S7- tiemak»-r« -
COOKS. • WAITERS. PORTERS
Cooks, tiotels. resiaura'nts. camp?-, mines an<i
! ranches, city and country. S-'to. to $7i> ami*
fourt-1; waiters. -city and" i-ountry. $23 to $4.t
and. fount); but'ehers, different ' Jobs, $iq
to $90. * .'
MURRAY & READY, «3t-63fi Clay st.- ,
CABINETMAKER. $3 : 5O DAY.
Stcipe'r and letterer. a'1-round palKter, $3 day. •
2 "coatmakers. $R per rcat. ' "¦ . ...V
Married termer, $45 anjt hous"«;'2 boys,' iearn
painting, $5. . • . ....•: ;.•
Tinsmith. $3 to $3 50 day.
OLD MEXICO— FREE. FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here
Gang edgerman. lumber co..' north $63 fd.
Coal -miners. Oregon, free Tare.
; Teamster. 6 horses, lumber company road
work. $35 found.
6 boys, le^rn trades, $4. $.¦*. $6. • . *\
Valet, references required. $40 found. ' .
Foreman, irchard and vineyard. >..';
IValter.' country Ccmmercla! hotel, $50 fd.
3 rouffh painters, city $2 day
Stableman, city Job. $15 weekl * -
Typesetter, country Job
Blacksmith helper. $1 50 to $1 73 day.
Cook, city boarding-house. $J0.
Tool " dresser, oil flelds. boss here $75 and
found.
10 TEAMSTEP.S $73
4 horses, fare $2 «0. fee $1;' steady Job
Colored. man and wife, cooks hotel kitchen.'
$60. fare $3. : . 7= ¦
• 'MURRAY "& READY, Kft-638 Clay tt. '
.BOSSES HERB. . .-..'¦
GOOD MINES. ' ' •'*¦
Machine drillers. $90. 'V: :• •.'¦.'- :...*.'¦•
Chuck tenders. $67 50. ¦.-*.'.** •" . :
•Slngle->.and miners. $73. • . ,-*• .... .
Electric tram trolleymen. $75. " -.'-... .*. ;
Amalgamators. $90.- ¦¦ • 'y: 7'. ','."• i-
Vannerman. $75. " '-V'] -..-"".. '
Rock-breaker^ men. $73. ' \ -•-. - -."'.'.¦ .--..'..•.
Blacksmiths. $00. ." *'" ".„., -.-?.-"a :
¦Blacksmiths' helpers. $67 0- •..-.• ¦.¦:'¦'. .-
' Engineer hoisting runner. $67 60. • ••-., .-
6O muckers. $G7 50." ". " *.. 5 !' '".-'''" "¦¦''
Machlaista. $1.0O. .> -. . .* •* .• ..':..
60 laborers. $67 PO...'- > . •.:¦;•..•¦•.>.;'.:-
MURRAY & READY, 634-M6 .Clay;, gj. ¦ .';
AN Ensljsh butler : with 3 years' ¦refereni.j.s-'
wants a" -situation. Telephone M-tin- : 547'2i; ;
communicate " with, . E. . F.,- ca-re • -Stl-sgr.
PLUNKETT S Registry. -423 Sutter. ".near.
Powelr st. ¦ • .
TRY Our men's 'shoes, cnion ma<te>. at $l'aa4
$1 B0 jH»r pair, foot- form s&oes at. «a W, or
•rthopedlc shoes. '$3 50;- best shoes on earta.ll
. • Third «t.. Exam. bldg.-.'5 doors from Mar'«»f.
IF you are not satisfied with : your salary, w-s
have an.'operirng' whereby ."y6a can earn legiti-
mately <MO weekly :"¦ gentlemanly occupation-;
good ftd.dr**ss;- business knowledgt) necessary.-:
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian bid.
A PLEASANT faced, fine, appearinjr, g-Jotf sur-
geon; prslflve>y.'.no. other; most be berween
•40 and D5 and. good case taker; nt» travthcg-;
safary about $150. "Box .471 7. Call of flee; '";'-:
TRY our men's sboes. unl«n mad*, at Si uJ
$1 SO pair! foot-rcrm shoes iit S2 JO; w« p«/
express or ci'1] charges. %1 3d »t.. Exam. bIJ.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
i talker,*, eager to make money. F; ; PXRSON,'
'¦477 and 478 Parrott building. -. '•.'.:••¦]'
YOUNG man, Ge'fman or. <3erman-Amerfcii'n- Id
work. in perk and delicacy-store;* references;
Apr»y. 300a Sixteenth St.. '. .- . '• •' --. v.
WHY pay big prices to. have your shoes haaf-'.
soled when you can get It done for 2Sc. SOo
and 60c while you wait at 663 Mission -st,.
bet. 1st and 2d-sts.. or 11 Third st. T . V\-. : -
WANTED— For U. 8. llarln* Corp*. *Slt-
bodied . unmarried ' men. between 31 and 33;
good character; must apeak, tead -and -trHt
Cna-liah: marines serve at st-» on men-of-
war in all parts of th« world, on laod lar ou-
laland pooessloss. and at naval »*.atloo» la
tb« United States. Apply at rscrultlna* <rf--
¦ flee. 4O' Ellis St.. San -Francisco. CaL.. «-»i
401 5C.st.. Sseran-entft. Cat. •¦*..•¦ •.-*.• ¦ t -.
WANTFiD^-An all around bAokblnd'er: pna who
cai} do .' forwarding and rlnishfng "on .'fuM
bOEnds. Apply SANBORN. VAlt. . * *CO .
•741 Market at. • • : ' •'** ¦ : '-'
MEN wanted to learn the tartwr tnUe ia-tw«.--
months and-.ttecure good "pu«itlona; cata.!oga* • '•
mailed free. MOLER . System Collegit. »U1'
Pay st. ='/'•' .... ' . ' ¦*¦
PENSION ATTT. M. HARRIS. 40 EUls St.; 14 V
' - yesn-s*. practice; reference* from thouiaxids »( ••"
persona for whom I h-«\r» secured p#.i«lra-. • -- : -
' tVANTE-O— Idilmen and tnecbaalca to kaoV-.
that' -Ed Kolkln. Reno House, proortetor.- h*»'..
atddetl 10O new rooms to the Denver - Hou*». • :¦
ill ThTrd •?. ; 2.'.Q rcortif*; 25c to 50c. p*r qtxM- •¦:"
MEN to' learn barber trads; catalogU-t'. roaiiedv ''.-.
& F. .Bat-ber School. 741A Ho«ki4 art: -. * •' ' '- ,i
PENSION aUy. -E.A. Hullis. roctn' 40'. IPhelia'-'-'
" bJdar. Past Com. Geo. H. Tbama-l "Pos*, O: A. R» '-• •
McDONALD A PERRY have a large -.lock tit.-
¦ new and second-hand shoes:, cheap. 233 34 st. .'
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third si, near M»r-;-,-;
k»t— 700 rooms: * 33c night; -readlm; rooms;.-
free 'btM.and bag-rare to aad from- f»-rry....-"--...
A KRANCH otncf.-nt The. CalJ for the .reh*-p-. ¦¦'
- tlon -of- advertisements and aubscriptiona ha^T..".
. be«-n ¦ opened at 100« Marked ot.. "oppoaita *.*
'' FiCth.' Open until U p; m.-'."'. " ..•*/..•'•- ¦:!.'•.••".
ALL tizea m'en's shoes, s'llghlljr' daicagVd^ h,aiit" •'
price.- 66."T>JIlFaton st..' bet.' lit- and 2d".sts-;. .''.
GET Vonr shoes half soled while, walt'nif.' 25o •:
t» ."KV-. .*•'»*» Ml^ainn ->t.. bet. 1 «t.' -tnd ' 2d -its'. ..'• ?
HOUSES' AND- WAGONS.' ". ' " .-' .:. . .
HARNESS and saddles, the best for th« money. [".'¦'¦
• at JEPSEN BROS. CO*. Inc., .the* big ttonC-V..
1145-1147 Market st.. Bar; Francisco. : '• . .*:;. - :
TOP wagon. $(**>;- coal w-agon. *60; wagon. $3.1; '..'
big horse. $03; jack. $USQ. 79 City Halltvt,
MUST be srld at a. sacriAcje; 3 -ccxxt tkcw»««; !
327 Sixth st. *,- ..-' .. ."•*• •'.'.•.-
Al EXPRESS wagon, llglft ; eampmg- wagja'
and gocart for sale cheap. '- 93'C Mission st. •
Largest assortmt yhand. wagefns. bu»kb'4 ; surl.'-'
I rey.barT*ess.worfe,drt**!r:g hor»e». -1,3th- Valencia •¦
I — , ¦ 1 ;_
HOUSES TO LET. ' ' . ;."•'•
A-^-PRINTED list of bouses to let: send for ctr-' V
-. cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO..- 14 Mont-Tomery.- '-.
1 A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:'.-'
service abi-olutely /ree; take advantages <V • '.
¦ this department: It will sa-ve you tim».and . ¦
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 343-259 C«»fy*
. it., on tha square. ... . • '-.
•BEFORE movlne g't our'prt'nted fist of housss •
' to let. BALDWJN ft HOWELL/25 Tost at-'
" HOl'SKS WAXTJiD.
* , , . , * *
•WANTED to rent or will lease a two-story- cot-
. tage. In Weotern Addition.' Box 20S1. Call.
1 LOST AXD FOLAD.
I * **
1 LOST — $23 reward fcr return of 5xl Eastman
[ ' kodak lost on Southern -Pacific Stcckton'local
j train Sunday afternoon between Sixieenth st..
-. Oakland, and CVtkland mole: same* conwtna
films which are valuable to the owner. "VVIL-
SON-IAON & CO.. 220 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco. .
LADY'S gold watch In or near Caflfornlacmar-
ket. Finder please return to "H. *F. LOR- *
¦ QUIN.. •»! Kearny St., room 14; re-varJ. .
IiOST — Certificate of nuthorUy; of no value.ex-.
.cept to owner. Reward for return of some to
L. R. PARKER. Auditorium Hotel. ,
•FOUND — A .quartz horsffshoe scarf pin. Owner
• can have same by appfylng at Call office;, and
paying charges and a suitable 'reward.
LOST — Bunch of kr>*3 between Tlvoll Theater
and Powell st.. on Eddy st. Reward for
* same if returned {o Tivoll. Theater. •
LOST — Lady's pur-«». .in Golden* Gate Park, "
Sunday; $5 reward. Return to«.3*fM 17th at.
BROWN water spaniel • flog, white spot on
breast. 104 V, • McAllister •st.. rear: reward.
LOST — Sunday, lady's gold *baf pin; lover' a
knot. ;U7 Francisco St.; reward. - •
LOST — Brown water spaniel. white breast;
Oakland license 105H; "answers to Shot: re-
ward. * CHARLES SCHWEITZER. Bevker'S
market. COO Warhinctoh st.. OakUrsd. .
FOUND— Sept. 0. gold watih attached to pin:
monograra and e nerving. .Apply 22 Pond
St.. near Sixteenth* and Market, bet. 7 and
8 o'clock. • "» _* ¦ - .
LOST — Snake b»H. November 24. Return to
• Ansonia. 4CS Stockton St.. room 704; reward. •
XT will pay to "Rettember" that th« Caltforn'a
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. n««ds oli
•"•*«¦ ••>«¦ «1i-r->r *n m«V« new* wmK-*-. <-i«»«. -
*MILLI>ERY. .. .
LADIES — 300 stylish hats to 'select from: leas*
sold, must vacate February 1. 19O4: ->«i
. money hv cwll'nr on MMTg. DOSfTT. -yc p->*t
illAfcIS AND -tll.M.Mi. • -.4
$21 FER month buys SCO shares In hlgh-grada
Arizona mine; no asuessmert; dividends in
, sfKht; $7 ner month buys 100 shares: writs
for ptv*pectus; agents wanted. 72*1 tuxr
--. ' -. : m ?"^"*^^^**^****'-' j -'"s*»
In your'path-rray In life it is sometimes the case
A stream will appear that's not easy to cross.
Perhaps 'tis in trade you are missing the pace,-
And because of this lack there is threatened great loss.
. Display ads in The Call will bring- folks to your store,
. "Who, handled with skill, other patrons will brln*r_
And thus will the business increase more and more,
And the heart that was sad will exultantly sing.
Or it may be 'tis work that's at present your need, .
. In which case The. Call its assistance will lend,
For if you to the chances it offers give heed'
'Tis certafn from henceforth your fortunra will^mend.• BOSTON, Nov. 30.— The wages of
about 20,000 .cotton textile operatives
were reduced to-day. To-day's'addi
tion brings the total number in New
England whose pay has been cut this
fall to about 64,000, and the cut that
takes. effect in New Bedford next Mon-"
day ~ will swell this number to about
75,000 and complete, a general reduction
in Southern. New England cotton mills.
The cut averages 10 per cent. _ .
¦ To-day practically every cotton mill •
in Rhode 'Island", where there' are about
2.200,000 spindled, adopted 'the scale. In
that State" nearly 20.000 operatives are
affected and ,the new order of thlngai
will mean a loss of fully $20,000 weekly
in wages. The cut also became opera
tive in mills in Massachusetts and Con
necticut" controlled by Rhode Island
capitalists and employing about 7000 .
additional hands.
The reports received to-day indicate
that the reductions were received with- *
out any serious protest.
COTTON MILLS
REDUCE WAGES
.".* NEW YOliic; Njmt."^O.^s-Eii^asemenf* •",
were; anr>oupced-'<o-'dayVfQr: the' import
!of.^$l,250.00d-;lh..'gold\4)y Laaard. Frtr.e "
¦and $452,603 by tKe Nattpnal Cttjr.BaxOt;*.
rt'o Corne frdn> London. On. the-Amerl- .
'can .Jl«Te steamer .Philadelphia',.^ 'which"
:.arriyed'oo "Saturday, Ihere was- 18^4.000 .
•coilslgned' to -Jtho. -National "City." Bank^ .
;an& the'^UDard/llner Etrurla," whicta
.¦arrived on..Sundayj.'breugbt.
icon^lgThed..to.-Xa?ard^".'Frierei'- The total'
"arrivals ".tp"'dat©."stnce:-jS?ovember. - 10,
.when' ;*he"'£old Import ; "movement" begran,-. '
"asffr^srate $3,201,815; while the" total eri
•jragernents haVe. thus .far-.heep '•$11,045,* •
'nz.' • ¦;'."-... ¦'/-.:> /.:•.¦¦..>.:•:•.:; .•:. ..
/••Aa fait '.as the- gold-, reaches, this" port
are.belhgt made to.San.Fran
cige'o. '• It is '.claimed that .cash- la .re
•qulred-on.the Pacific Coast toiiahdlfe
; the fruit and wheat crops. Other au- j
thorltles claim, hpwever, that it is A.
*Btock JLobblnjr operation such as ©ccur- .
•red" last 'year, at abqut this, date, when |
simultaneously with "telegraphic- trans*
ters to, San Francisco actual gold wai
being rtceived here'from Sa*n Francisco
*y direct exsress.
" • There was deposited at the Sub-treas
ury to-day . $700,000 for San Francisco,
and arrangements" have been made for'^
"the transfer, to-morrow "oft $1,000,000.
Last .week the transfers were $750,000.
SpicIaT Diat.at^h *t> The '^IV
Sliipb^nts From Europe
'{[-. . j^o^warded tip^ San ;.'.' ¦';
I i)i : . : c: \ ¦:', Fratia ci3jbo: : ,. :*' t ' V : // :
GOLD TRANSFERS
TO THE COAST
• CALL. BUREAU. 1406 C STREET. N-*
W., -WASHINGTaN." Nov. 30.— Cuba"s
formal • cession ot territory, tor a an
American naval ¦ station at Guantana
mo ' will be. made • an occasion ' uC
great public importance, by the prea-^
ence at that port of the North At-*
lantlc battlershJj>- squadron. comTnand
ed by Rear Admiral Barker. It was
originally intended that the ; United .
States' should be represented on '.this
occasion by the Caribbean squadron
under Rear Admiral. J.". p. Coghlan. '
But practically all ¦ the ships of." that
fleet are now in isthmian "waters, .where, •
conditions look, as though they .would:
necessarily^ remalic for '.several, weeks-. .
Accordingly,- to convey to the. CUban •
mind ' the Importance ip. Vhich' • ttte..
United . State* holds the. •• concession
granted, the battle-ship squadron .wilj
do. the honors.- Repairs to the 'battle- ,
ships are:.- just", being : concluded. . . * • j.
Admiral .Barker's, flagship- Kearsarge, 3
and the Massachusetts, I QNv.a..- Illinois •
and /Alabama are expected to '-•leave
NeW .York' to-morrow Qr next, day for*
the South.- They will later .be Joined
by ' the i now Vat." Hampton
Roads-.' The point of • mobilization tor
the winter maneuver* is Culebra;.- and
after! the transfer x>t .the., naval- site
the battle-ship . squadron "wiir .proceed
thither. ; • '. : '• ¦' • • '• '• :.• ' •.
The- maneuvers thfs year will pt*oba
;bly be conducted .without the ' ships 'of •'
the European', squadron. • !•*.
'The San Krancfsco and Brooklyn are "
still at Beirut; Syria,, a potent ' aid. to
diplomatic- ' endeavors-'' ' of Minister
Leishrnan td -adjust the difference be-. .
tweeri the United -States and. Turkey."
• The' Machias; .also !of -.this .'fleet, la
awaiting- at : Djibouti. "French"^Africa.
the return, of the. Skinner'. expedition* •
which went -to. Abyssinia . to negotiate '
a treaty of . tfjnHy' and . friendship be
tween, ttie." United States and '.King'
Menelik. .-Later,.' when the situation on
the isthmus perthlts*. the ships of the
Caribbean- squadron .will be withdrawn*
and. mobilised with the battle-ship
: squadron at'Culebra. " • .. ,"•••. >i* '^-
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
Acceptance; pf Naval
• Station to Be Made * .
V Impressiva - : '. :
UNCLE SAN WILL
MAKE A DISPLAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO _ CALL,;. TUESDAY, ...DECEMBER , 1, 1903.
13
_ PHYSICIAJf 5 AND SPRGEOXS. '" -¦
BrTc. C O'DONNELL-^Offlee and residence,
1021% Market st.; bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid" to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and ' rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^4 Market St.
REMOVED— DR. i WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four -years at 115-117 < Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary Bt., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. -LI Po
Tal,' herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
.' by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
DR. H. C- WONG, 7io Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor^ — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs.; Clay st, i
SPECIALIST?. • ' - "
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
v positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat.
' ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's- English Pennyroyar Pills
are best; safe, reliable : take no other. Send 4o
i stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies".
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, fa.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
.household goods stored, moved, ehipped. 723-
731 at., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Movrng Co.. of-
fice Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. P71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlte. 833 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12tf.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission. wt-; tel. Howard fr41. F. W.'Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving- Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 231.'
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1840. Shipping, at cut rates.
AXXrjSUTPLIESI^
AN exceptionally- good No.. 2 Remington.. No.
1 Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60.- Tho
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A. FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculars. .L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
¦" gomery st. ' . . •
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES,
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment . .Notice — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of prlnbJpal .place of business,
San-Francisco, Cal. — Notice Is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors
held' this. 16th day of November A. D. 1903,
• an .assessment (Number .7) of one dollar
(fr.OO) per Bhare was levied upon the cap-
ital stock of the corporation, payable -Im-
, mediately, to the secretary of the company
at the office of the company, 327. Market
St., San Francisco, State of California;' Any
etoek upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on "the 2$th day of .December,.
1903. will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at nubile auction, and' unless payment
In made before will be sold on the ISth
day -of January* 1004, .to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with •expenses 'of sale.
H. Wv THOMAS.
Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market st., Sah Francisco, Cal.
(Room No. 4. Second Floor).
MARBIAGE i ." LICENSES.
. The ' following marriage licenses were Is-'
rued yesterday. * .
Frederick J. Ashman, 40. 30 Ellis street, ahd
Minnie A. Thomson. 30. city. :
Masslmlno Mazxoni, 48, South San Francis-.
co, and Npnzlatina : Shuaglla, 27, 1331 Fulton"
street. .,: ¦ •
WUllam H. Herineman, 26, Qulncy, 111., and-
Maebelle A. Sweet, 23. city. . ¦'¦ .
Peter F. Warner, 21, 22 Colllngwood street,
and I AHce McCorrlston, 10, 636% Braunan
street. ' -.--.-
Sidney G. Heraog, 22. San Rafael, and Ger-
"trude H. Joseph, 20. 1235 Oeary street."
James B. Plckett. 32. Shreveoort, La., and
Kate P. .Jones, 23, Shreveport, La.
Ernest R. MUllgan, 25, 22 Mint avenue, and
'Elsie L. Turcjn, 20, Santa Cruz.
BIRTHS— MARRI1QES— DEATHS. ,
Birth, marriage and death notices gent - by
mall will- not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply 'to the -announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. . . '
. ' • BORN". '
DALLAS— In this city. November -29, 1903, to
the wife of J. B. Dallas, a eon. • * *.
MARRIED. . \
BROWER — UTSCHIG — In i this city, 'Novem-
ber 25. 1803, by the R.ev. J. H. Schroeder;
Marshall ¦ W. Brower and Elizabeth I.
• Utschlg. ; • . ". • ¦ . . : .
GIBSON— EGGERS— In this city, November"
25. 1903, by Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Cha/les
' Gibson «f Vallejo and Marte Louise Eggera
of San Francisco. "
VOSS-rSCHNEIDER— In this city. Novenrber
26. 1003. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Carl
F.'.W. Vo«*>and Anna' Schneider. ;
• DIED. , - :
Apffel, Katherlne. ) Keliy., Edward S."
Manuel; La- Comber, Emily.. •
Braham, Kate. Llgurl, Raffael.— 'I
Buckland, Dr. W: O. Matftovlch. Bogdau. /
Urunner, Albert J.. -McKlroy, Amanda R.
. • Buflwinkel. , O. F. Jr % .Mc^alfy, Mrs. G.-
Cannon* James L» MUlerlck, " John.
Clifton. .Luisa.' B, Mosher. Wllljam. I.
. Cochran, Joseph P. ilurphy, Elleji'. Agnes '
" Crow", Charles Jos, XinderteA, Elizabeth
Gej-vey.-.-Wtniara. = Parsons, Lillian. •.<
GUlon, DeUla, :" -Peterson. 'Andrew.
•Grubert; Martha! .. Plat. Tht'resa,
Harrineton, Wm./F. Rlg4»y, Erdma..' ".
••' Ifenderiv>n, ArtHur. Smitlj, Rufus R. •• •
Holste; FVederlck. Sweeney," D>nnls. -
Ind, Mary, j Thompsoli, John • D. .
• Kelly, Mary Ellz. Titus, Helen A.
APFFEL-'-Entered Into rest in this city, No-
vember 80. 1003. Kathexlne, helovsd wife' of
Phillip Ja«>D Apffel- and devoted mother .of
Mrs. Lena Greber. Mrs. W. J. Raymond,
Mrs. John Fell.. Mrs. W. J..Retchle«8, Mrs.
K. L. Sohltcker ai«l George, Fred and Albert
Apffel and the latfe Mrs. Alfred Brook's, a
native of Messen.'Darmstadt, .Germany, aged
04 years fi months and '15 days. • ..
AHJO— In' this city, November *27. 1902.
•Manuel Arjo, beloved husband, ot the late
Mercld Arjo ahd loving father of Mrs. Rosa
Camano, Norbtrt and Frank Arjo and the
late Mrs, Tlllle Meneses, Manuel, Philip and
Guadalupa .Arjo, a native of -Spain, aged tRi
-years 11 montka and 2. days. A member, of
the Spanish Mutual Benevolent Society. •
E7 Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral
Tuesday, December I, 1903,- at 12 a'clock m.,
from bis late residence. 2046 Laguna street,
• thence to ' Druids' - Hall,' 413 Sutter Street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Perseverance Grove No. 10, U. A.
O. D., commencing at 1 o'clodc.
BRAHAM— In this* city. •* November 80. 1903.
. Kate Braham. widow of the late Michael
Braham, beloved grandmother of Theresa
Farrell and Charles West and aunt ot* Mrs.
J. Muagrove.'a native Of St. Stephens, N. B.,
aged 70 years. ; . '
EFReinalnJi at -the parlors of the United
' Undertakers, 800 Mission street, between
Fourth and -Fifth. NoMse «f fuueial here-
after. • .'•-•¦'-''
BUCKLAND— In Oakland. November 29, 1903,
Dr. Wallace O., beloved husband of Kate
McNeil Buckland. a. native of . Edinburgh,
Scotland, aged 65 years.
, cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services .Wed-
nesday, December 2, 1903, at 2 o'clock p.
m., at First Presbyterian Church, corner
Fourteenth and Franklin streets. Interment
¦Mountain View Cemetery. .
BRUNNER— In - this city, November 29, 1903,
Albert J. Brunner, eldest son of Emjlle and
the late Louis Brunner, brother of Rosalie,
Lolse, Emille and George Brunner, 'a native
'. of Ban Francisco. -
BULLWINKEL— In this city, November 28.
1903, at his residence, 902 Pacific street,
John F. - Bullwlnkel - Jr., -only »on of John
F. Bullwlnkel, ' and , brother of Meta Bull-
wlnkel, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years' and 7 days. A member of • Court
Robin Hood No. l..F.'of A. " ;¦* .
fC?-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullji • lnviud to* attend 'the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), -at 11 o'clock.' from his late .resi-
dence, 902-Paclflo street.' Interment Cypresa
, Lawn. Cemetery. . * . ' . ¦¦¦ .
CANNON— In this city, Npvember 29, 1003,
. Jamea L.» dearly beloved- eon of. Thomas. and
Ellen' Cannon, and ¦ brother of '.John , P. « and
~. Elizabeth- Cannon - and v the > late ¦ -Ellen rand
¦'•"', John' F. -Cannon, a native of San Francisco.
aged 20 j years ¦ and 8 . months. . ' , . ....
• •: .jETFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend the funeral : to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock., from his late rest-'
' 'dence, -207 Sanchez street, thence to. Mission j
:Dolcres Church.'where a requiem 'high mass
will be celebrated" for the repose of his soul,'
commencing - at r 10 o'clock. ' Holy
Cross Cemetery. ? ¦ y '-, ". ; ; ,
'CLIFTON— In s thU ' city. ; November 30, 1903,
¦ Lulsa Burton .. Clifton, • beloved '. mother jot
F» J. MONAHAN, Manager. Tel. Mission ll.
M0NAH AN^ 0'H ARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 2339-2311 Mission st.;- pear Nlnett^**"
, .-.-¦;. Ban Francisco.'-
V- •" MISCICLLAXEptS — FOR SALE. .
IJOlkERS. engSnefc, 2d-hand 'machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPM.AN:" 135-197 Fremont St.
VCKS YOUR ROOF LEAK? • •"
Repair it with eiateriie; ia rolls e»«y to lay;
" m-eds"no painting or coating; good over old
Ircn. tin or thinples: best for new roofn.
.KLATKE1TE ROOFING CO- 713 Market st.
:;i-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,'
)i:;;'<:vs. rhafting. etc. etc.. bought, sold,
• !<V.ted. and rxchangp^.: «c Sundc.y papers.
Jr. 5. Vl-UlTE MC1TT. COT 13»-I3a Bfi* t.
Z^V-intTrxine. 97 :<O; dir»f«. pants. $2 5Q:- Origl-
W.l MiiiSt Clothir.g Viulors. 2-"8 Kearny. st..
¦ . uwr Bu?h; open to 0 U~ to.: t>un»lay to noon.
A-; BUYS, eells cr reats-'pear machinery, en-
• K.ir.cs. boilers, water ptp«'. .snafilng. pulleys,
cr-/. WHTTELAW. S3-?H> Bpear st.
' "oapolink" launch v'er'foj.hone picture ma-
chin» > mahogaar' bar fixtures, wood mantrJs.
CIS Third -it . ' ' . " '
Si.TSxl£ i^OtatOSTJU- -turiuiar »>ollers. front
snd all Omngi TRACY ENGINEERING
C«».. 151 Fremcnt Ft.; gan Francisco. .
TTPEWmTEBS, tliSThtly* used, eold at cost;
r.ew *Uridor»vot>4 ' visible tj-pewriter catalog
• f^nt'free. .R. H. Reyalk & Co.. San Francisco.
. ALTERATION-"" *ale— Best • *2 60 hats, $1 50.
I J opu!ar PAe* Hatter. 330 Kearny et.. near •
. p:ne:.or* i n "to .8 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
THY o"ur c"ipn"^ btiot-s at $1 sxd 11 50 pair' •
foot-fcrnr f Roes at 92 50; we pay. express
• chame*.' H M ft.. Hxam.. bid.; catal>g. free.
Fryj'iAji n&~OB* beautiful $3 ratinet photos,
frldrt- ptyi*,' ?-¦ The Fad. 12(»0 Market et.
f FAlIilNG'a'rk'tor fishing and huntt:.g; chf^ip.
•ft^-Jggril^t^ rocm 4, third floor.
' EKFKP' : iin\i ir.ies; fee the complete line at 1S16 '
.MigrJcft «'b. Van Ness. RICHARDSON IJROS.
-P^ntirip oSloa, 3 C.&P. premses, motor, cutter.
• * *foy *?*- ttl * y « doing good business. 2086. Call.
.¦fA'FEP— f^'v*' «nd secend h«nd. THE IiER-
. -_".-MA*N'N .SAFE CO.. 307 Battery Et. ¦ ¦ -
. • '¦A'y.'TRV.filf ilarrronl heart for $2J0. at. W. J.
.; •;:;"IiKSTHAL"'S.10 Sixth st." '¦ ¦
Wi:''.-'Ut;ANil'-l0 hp. rasMine engine?; Cd-hand: all
/¦ r^tiz/i.: rifV. E. B. DECK .& CO.. 122-Market; j
'.-.•. r'.'rV.T-r'jid' sretind .hand ; mach-inery cf all 'kinds.
:¦;' \y -KlfOg H. M.VPG..CO.; 5l9. Market gt.
I 'iriSOVTKB pictures. "ma6:'io lanterns, sale, rental:
-;V: : >Vrr^S..!if!.. .Bu»ard Jk Breck. }31 PoEt st.
".'..'•jfM^Ea- cf -phpi'- nrii "flttinps;' all" f'.ze*. EU-
:•; --^J^N'E. RILEY .& SOyS. : 103 Yallejo'.st. - . . j
! ¦'¦'.SA'rnVSf-R-' ar.d 'VftPond Sana'. E. -B. BECK- 1
-¦.;y- - <f-..CP..;".122. - M'ar : Ket-gt._.-";' ".- .' ¦ .- 'j
'-.'..iAii "bergaini ;camp fctoole .ani] chairs; Jiammocks. j
•; ; ' '.- ,' rr.eta.l 'bnd's.liaVt.trf gsy.s. . J ,y... Hotter.^12 Mi?s!on.
'• ¦ Ipiiicn ¦ jiSahfcgra'phs', ' records. rurr'ieJ.' • rnovlr.g j
.'':'¦;:• 'rn«i\it* raachi^e'f.- fiirns.'. na.cijraJvpK 033 Mkt. I
;. ¦'.GAiPfeiilNE «ig ir.es, aj/tortio.b;!es' a,nd launcheis: i
;'¦;• ";'•¦ ~ SL!i:'r\z.£*.;; : j c -E> POaK.. 4fi .Fremcnfgt'..; '• |
.•¦•'ASiC'for -prici* -on" Kef-otid-harid type\vrier»: all |
;¦'¦•¦ ¦•.Wt»f, 1 AT.rxX.N-T'rit a- <*o.. -no'-Moniyy. >
;/;-':;.^v.'^ISCI5-iiL"A!KKOf:S'.\VA>*TS.. .. " • :j
:'~/&Xtf£6 .apd''':'!brarl:cs'- bcugiit: fiL C.' = HOLMES. H
,.;:'¦: Viiii -Mj|rket.'.ct.< -rhprc Jesfle. 3741. or -postal. |
':*'¦% f»AT^'3^Jgie«t ir^rtoesi'-|i>r,«n"*ii»ds 'rt cajpt-o.a ]
,. :¦ "-..' -^Wt-liirK ; --.'f-.i-r-i t<VtaK- MORRIS. ¥70 Folsom. )
.- TJIl/TOSr ¦ -.wgiits" pi>6<lfe'c-oi)a-har.d -clrrthlng and
¦'.-.: ;-tbeatricai *oo<3>-.'. l .1-f>4'ath'.st:; tfl.'- J«ssle.2SSl.
: ."A- -E.lrt " yrice:"- 'paid- 1-ir ' spalskins : .send postal,
'. '••¦ •' d' -^tocktc.n->f. ;-'r J -iorre ; Bush' .4S4. "I:
. • ' ' '.-'.' ' ". '. '.i . . ¦^^1—— ¦- 1
*%>'''¦''':¦¦'¦ -' : :-^y'"^'EPicA^.".v. : - ' "' • j
';¦'¦..»* li:S; EiK.'.lvV JKTH'. Vxjeciaiat' for ail' fem«J« j
-'. : - : .coinipl«ilin»'r...in?.tin't..",-j-c:ief ¦ guaranteed;- 3d - 1
:'¦ ' ye«r»'..«Jipffi*:n^f.; r«mcved to B26 Pest St. ¦ ]
.'>lRj5.'-Lh..-KdIiL.- reliable epeciallst for all f»- j
:., •.'Ir.alef'.i'rbuii'le.s. and irregularitiei; lnst»ct r»- i
. '¦¦ --"ihrf^iri jrab.tpcd." ..IOOS^b- -ylarket st...opp. 5th. J
i^A'tl'H.A'.U'tijVft-niaie-filUsrbeft : r'egi;:2ting plUs.'
. . .- :d'; -.pric*' -.fi.&O ' br-'-iferiiriess.... --l^astear's 1
.- ' .fi-T'mpt-asd taiRe'ts: r>rTee'.f2-!*). T3>" -express j
:¦'. V.Ji&ry o»'-«55oejpf=<« i»rice. : '.osgoou.buoth- '
•¦;"¦.- E.XlSv. rw-hpfrtp.!? ';.-. dniggists. - Seventh .-and
: .:. ¦:B>.^'aw3v"..:Oakl.and:...'" . '" ; - : ' '•...-. ' . • : j
»"• .Lh..'.."G.'"T\"-: fJ-IjONNELLT-All .who are rick cr
• >.=.Jh-;irouWe. cor.siirt -this • speoialisi on feraale !
. •• 'ccrnplarfti.rt.-pofitn-ely-. corrected: ttie unfortu- {
".-. sate .nejpea-; fb^-rnosst difficult' cases treated; I
' '.'*dvjf-e Jr;ee.- Oifiofr-;. .10.1S Market .st.' * .-
"r.tr*..' Gr>id.wih";'.732 .Turk: nr.i'Van Ness — Expert
•...¦in..r*wt.etric»;-<f'mai« "cofl-.'rlalns; ini>t. relief:
I ' • ;T.fcat.ment/>I0:-teyur«. ' 10 .to 5 }..g5 yrs. expex. j
'. 'MRS.. D.- AlXE,t; ilii. Market— UPliaWe ladle* ]
« .-;fpec(al:it;. s private home b«f o're and during '
••<;( nf!r>rr^.-nt; ;t>*f ;t; rRedicki care;Vlow "Tee»,
" rtjatern-i'v vilJaj private: «TluiJ»=d; conOden- '
t!^;. lit K. '->'ttnkf..""3 « 1<: E' jrh ffa Ft. . Aiam«i». j
[ l"p- " P.OSfeX rt^ides' 29S5- Fclsom ¦ St.. corner
• -. 2Cth;.lft.'!!f><;. relief "or.'no fee; $10.
JjR'.-«.nd 5IKS.- DA VIE? and HINDOO HERBS; j
• *."©rigiha.l.m*'thcd of lrpstmect. > .1126 Market et.
','l)Fi".. K<S TOT-JCEE, 2«» Pove'.l et'.. epposit*
.-jr'nlrji "Kjuar.f ;."aij eur^d by h<*rh«. - .
.*•.-.*¦¦¦. '"• "llO>'i5Y TQ fcOAS*. '¦ . .
Aiuif^BBSt*J?-MtJ^rHxV ; '. - .'¦ . •" '-. -'
'"•¦•¦ - . . •'. ".. ..-v'-jSOI-CSCB-Cai ; Eramlr.er ; building.
. "Quick ¦¦cHle'me.ntt ; po^oisa^pointment. -
'- ; ' .^av.e directly.
¦ ' .Kitt-t^.Viw^orid'. mortgage*;' ..u'fedivWed ' inter-."
Vt-^.''«>^l^Iiraetot». of .'rents.. >rop°rty in trusty-
•.»tt.*.-.- feKP^^ffeV.- Vllfej.Teetales !a/id undivided ln-
• " -'.tV'refte-"v!i'^?rof><:rtJ' -piirc'haifd.'.'.'.".-. ..''•' . ; •-.' '
'. I •Ccurte;jut-:"tr.ea-tjr!er.t.' ¦.••'Ktrlctl.y- cobfiiSentiaL
:• "¦.:• ". ' .Wiw>.n.V'ou.?v*?«-(J .Money- .' • "..•¦'
'¦-V.^tfee-H'p^li'A;;-- MURPijT;'.:; v;:."..'/" -.' ¦¦¦'; ¦
'"'¦Ai>y.A'NCE-S--.on-;fur ; clture ; end-:piarip» without [¦
¦ •r.t-movap;.". to. f*rriiferienf.. talanf-d -peopla on f
'tii^ir n.'jte- -»"ft5>iut -*»curltj---or -knowledge, of L
' 'erhr.ioy«-'; lowest' -rste*-. -no. cotr.r:;i?^ion. . SA.. |
_* TIONAL CBtaWT.-OO;; -6S Jihd'-es Doboho^l
!1» Market ft.' ;...-. ¦•..• ; '¦ . (
ETT-IOTLT :Ci-JxF'ipni*TI.A.L"- LOANS en fur. '
¦¦•. ni'CUre. r.latTf*; cr-to eaUried' P^cp'.e- on theW t
..- nc«e;"pror<rr y-'ea.'.mtnt «tuar.ftnte«-'l > ILLINIoa •
TRtTSJ -«;p-'..r. If." fotiiiu bid... tel. : Main 704. \
HIGHi-T- f »-&7>«fet.at:e, i*ri*-»r«.'.I'la^» . to obtain [
liberal- sKlvantes" ' <;n- .'(Siamords.-. Jewc-li-jr. at '
• .5qwest"-"i"iles./ ' -.BJfiwln Jewelry- Store, M8 |
.a:arJrcef;"f^.;'teJ.'. Main" J.M4.'- Branch; 1» Third, i
¦ ¦ " }Z oix fi-Y' [loaned -tti" -ESla'rled. -pe-oplp,' retail rr.»r-' !
• •...VK.af-.t«;'..jc»it»'ters.. .boardlng-fcouni'; wltbou:. !
. t*cuTMy-:.s;&fy .paymentsjlar^r^ff .ka?lne»s in J
-'.."»'.; Ij-rinrl^ai'.-riile-ii'.'- Tolmatj.; 55.*; ' Parrott bidg.
• ;A-4t ; j*i i .-.c';;Mt' c'ri. furniture or •piano; no remov. J.
--,- ¦" ¦'*:-. "n'f/.tinfr.iiilFsibn. n6'rubtlc!ty:RS up; quick. I
ccr.Sdentlal. -3<J Mon'^Ecropfy. rm. 7..'.
.•iiv'NiCIP.XT. T.OAN OFF.ICE. iC3 Grant'ave,.
:v-.'. •¦¦ _:.-",•. .;&<3a'NS- FROM fl TO IJO.000. .' .
'.'.3.':-'VjC;E-y. :fJ.'9bkn • ca' lo-w • lntere«t^ ' go'd. .- •liver.
.-. - : ;<fiam6n<3?. 7>«arl»'-*rid.~pr'K:lou» wtones- bought
':'-. :*'•>. t; ¦U*-'-..J.rHESTHAL'8.. V0 Birth rt:'
'•'.".. •jcjE'Wr:. 'iVvy..rii»;. > -hiiT— To'was'--famf : i-> on unin'-'
"••• ' '•.<i'i5rWr''d'-' nott-it.-, r-".AbspTute -prinef. ' Kldt-Ilty
,V..-:-'Ty>atf^rniV'iran'>;.- : .rQ/jni8|:<S-43.' : Chrcrtlrle bldg.
~ - TTt 'incite Jl'ympfAjt wlt^out i<«curity:.oii ftrrnl-
'" '•Vii.r»;"'.r!.'?or>Mj.Tiofeii and ether- security. S.. F".
I^SHrmiM. : JittiePFff- 143'. rhelan. building."
A5"-'-16WPft rates '06 -furnifura and pianos; strict
prKmcy? -.n»'."comrhissf.on ;1 nsta J .Jments iux^pted.-
f 8O2CEXXX; 301 Ed^y. .Consrrvatory building.
< ; ' ' N -Credit .A > ;¦' r.. leans on salarle* confide n-
¦ tlilly: : .ncw,'tirr-r-le plan. Room 60. S19 Market.
tTr ON furfiKur** •& platioy; Ji5 up; no removal;
_rp com. -y..' TRnilAKi.-ror.m 81. 6Eddj:.st.
HONEY leaned .to' salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. tth floor. Chronicle bldg.
1 PER*. <*cr.t .ch furnltur* or piano. -1003 Mu-
tual Eaitngs v Bank t:dg..-70S Market rt.
AI-L joans en <!!arnqn<i? jrnd Jewelry 2 per cent
!|j •«o. S ; -F. Collnteral I^-.--<i Bank, 63S Kearny.
r f \R Ix>an Co. cf Wypmlnir loans mopey to
,\ i*lBri*-d rmploy>>. R.-311: Motual Sav.yk.bid.
"CASl'i loarse 1 ! ralariei pesplik on notes without"
• '.n.foftnV, yORKLL. Wti nxamlr!>T bMg. ' ;
.... 3lfcSlCAL • IXSTftCMKXTS.
¦ lt'lINT a piano for %3 per ::.t r.;h"; tto allow six
• rcoclhi' rental cf the purchase .price :lf you
"with -to buy: this elves" j«oa six m'oatha' trial
cf the Instrument for potjblng; nf fhs piaao
rer.tVd" doe* not 5Uit wi allow .the rental oa
*r> ihetruia«n» s 1n our etcres; with such good*
*'** the Mcf'iarl of Boston, the Schiller and
• • cur own :....Vt- to eelect frcm. we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every" cne in quality,
prlte and term*. See the Scctt-Curtaa
'"Bijou " th« smallest full scale piano in Saa
Jrir.ciFco. .SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO. CO..
CCO-C2-C4 Ryiyes rt. .
> FEAV- SPECIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAE-
, • GAINS:
' ' 'Collard *35; Emerson, $05*. Fllihnr. t70;
• Miller, *17r»; Chickerlng. 1167; American,
."•fits-. Heln.e. $2Uj; HaynfF.- ll.W; Rteihway.
.• $?»:»" KtPin-A*«j', '.asjre style. *U23,. and fifty
. ftr.«-rs. Renu. $2 up; inftallcients. $l up.
.••¦HEINS 4'IANO C"J.. 2S5-237 .'Geary street;
'*•' Oak iaitd branch, Fllteenth and Broadway, old
* 1,'OW IS the time to select your piano fdr the
'.Ti*olldajr«pr*-fc/-n?« we. have Just received two
. •"Varlcads <A. escellent ln*trurnents, and .If you
' • ca.llV.nd make a selection now the
• rjn'be delivered wbm you are ready; bring
t tjjch amount «• you can spare "or a. first pay-
ment end we will arrcyage pasy payments for
c thV future. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7Cg Market «t. ¦ - .'
A FINE lot of tecon<J-h«r.d uprights from $50
up- includinsr "tuch m^Jceg ai CMckerlng.
Vcw Kroeirer CTurtaz. .Klrkham. Pea*sv
' - Hardman. Marshall '& Wendell, Baus and
clhtrs. BENJ. CURTAZ & "BON. 16 O'Far-
>*1I et! No branches in Pan ¦ FTanclsco.
¦ i i i *
J3.k. r ii icstriirxTent*; F. Bcsscn, Paris, maker;
Cus Maiwald. Ast. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
cklilful repairing; 2<5-hs.nd "ir.gtrOir.fats .gold ;
A MASSIVE tolid walnut case "Estey organ,"
iwo banks of «eye un4 pedal ba«s; cost J750;
your own price. COWERS & ".ON. II Mason.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
ment. ECHM1TZ * CO.. 1« MCAllUter st.
MCSICAL INSTRUMENTS—- -Coil.
A STECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must be scld. 216 McAIItmer tt.
BEAUTIFUL 3«rjedal Eteinway upright piano;
perfect orrfer: tacraflee. Keeffe's.SSS O' Fan-ell.
..Unredeemed rtoruUe pianos -and furniture dirt
" cheap. Whitehead Storage.' 1636 Market at.
6OHMER, Byront Mauxr pianos. Cecillan pfano
• rlayr. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Pott St..
SUPERIOR violins, xitners. old and new. H.
MTTT.LER: -maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
j OFFICES AAD STORES TO. LET. _¦
! STORE -with large" basement; below' kearny
ft.; rent trio. Apply fi38'Clay St.. foom 1.
• •'¦. ' OIL. "fJ-'-M.
.-WILL exchange for city property.' pell or lease,
proven "valuable oil land, in Sunset, Midway,
; • McKittrlck, Ventura' districts and Incorporate
\ your company. Call or address MRS? CLARA
.. FOLTZ. Attorney at Law. 2d floor Mills bldg.
\ " PERSONALS.
• A SPECIAL 1OW RATE. 30 DATS ONLY—
.M. ELLA HARRIS. . .
To all whom' I have mad.? prices to since
Jan. 1 1003, & for Uie ensuing .'?0 days only.
I will make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my Fpecial dee"p-wrinkle treatment.
The liidy who has been on exhibition in
: the drug store windows may be seen at my
orfice this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to «r-
• amine the face more thoroughly in private.-
M. ELLA HARRIS,.
.!• 7S1 O'FarrV-U Ft., nrjir Larkln. Call or writ*
. ;'" for book' -explaining method..
ALLIK LUND— Folks would like to see you.
' " at ho:ne settling the stock on the new lot
' ". in Kciruda^ I wish to com» not later than
: December 12. Address Sherman Hoiae, 28
.Eishth Ft..! C. B. LUNDAHL. ;
- THE Star Hftlr Hemedy restores gray hair. Ira-
• proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no fetaln or stickiness;
: cleanses scalp; at druggists', hair Jressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
' NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto cf
the manufacturers of the . Rapid- - Rotary
Standard, the eewinK-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St.
• ' PHYSICIAN/ 15 yeans' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call .or
. : address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant. ave.,
: : ' ccrner Sutu?r St.; fee moderate. :
'! : AT less than coft. uncalVed foreuits, overcoats
•.;• ar.d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
1' .Tai'.or. "21 Market Ft. ' V " : ._
¦ '-LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
' !¦ guaranteed. i Acme Liquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
!:• kef St.. roort 203. "•"...' ¦ - '.
i i-ELEGANT suits on eauy Installments: 50 cents
!- and up per-:wpelc. LEON LEMOS. 1127- Mar-
' j: k'et et.. between Seventh end .-
1 DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-.
'¦ i Cay evgs..''Teutcnia Hall, Howard et.. nr.
;|. 9th; Prof. Kotttr; society dancing taught.
l' : MASSAGE, hanil-rubbing treatment; face vi-
'•}•¦ -brat^ry machine ; genuine tubs.' ProT. MorrTs,'
'. i 400 .Geary .in., r.r. Mason;, nurse a^slftant.. *
' I MAEQUEPAHE co-T^mes. play book*, wigs;-
I. country cr3?r*. OOLDSTSTX & CQ-. TS3 Mkt.
ANDERSON-hElegant theatrical . and tnasquer-
• '. aJe costura< y rented. .26 O'Farrell et.
BU1TS to crder on installments, %1 per ¦week.
, j Neuhaus & Co., merch. tailors, 727-729 Market,
i Ed'ERFI/Tot'S hair & moles removed by elec-
. j ' trie nee3>. Dr. & Mrs. Trgverfe..ll70 Market.
'¦' THE bcrt place to buy good umbrellas or have
¦| them covred or repaired is 120 Stockton st.
I TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 5a
KUflt Cio-.hins Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
j ALFKEDfM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
.. I .hair to its natural color: $1; at atl' drUgglRts".
i i-Purwrfluous Ka'i-r and moles removed -with -elec-
i ! - trie needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
i ! A .BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
('¦ ti'»n of ad'^rtlsempnt<« and subscriptions has
; been opened at 100S Market et,. opposite
rifih. Op(-n until 11 p. a. ¦ - '
1 " 1
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room tults; $30 up;
•. steam heated, electric lighted; free bath; ¦
' j FOITR con. r^orr.Si 2 bed?, bath', loilflt. pas
i . an-l coal «tovps;'all necessaries. 1033 Gsary.
i JEPPIE. 333 — I^arge sunny front parlor, fur-
'! -r.ti=h«-«?; houp»>keeplng: ijas range; $14 month.
j-X-ARKIN. SliiBt — 3 larpe completely i'ur. eunny
; ha.ck rooms; r«>EUiar kitchen; taUxi^phone.
OAK. 117— Nlee furnished suites. $S to $16;
' gas r.inge; hot bath; laundry; adults.
¦ SEVENTEENTH. 3045. near Caetro— 3 beautl-
ful df-sirable unfur. rms.; no children;. reason.
SUTTER. 1SUS— 2 newly tinted unrurnl>.hed;
' pa», running wattr. bath, phone; private fam.
THE ANTLERS. 415 Turk— Modern house-
kpg. apartmphts; 3. 4, 6 rms.; furn, unfurn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrtptlonj
T«»rHv<*1 i»t Call branch office. 2200 Flllmorn.
-Iloanekpcr llooinn Aparttn't Houses.
; MONTCLAIR.." ¦ . .
' . .Corner JMne and Taylor sieC: -beautiful new'
. ' modern : apartrapnt? ; all sunny- corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
. rine view. LVON* & IIOAG. il(i Montgomery.'
[ROOMS TO LET— Furn. dnd Inforn.
t A-^BHUNBWICK Houise, 148 Slxtift st. — Rooma
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5" -per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open' all sight.. .
i AT "The Almonte," S7T Market si. (or Mo. 1'
! ; Fifth ft.)— Rooms 25c. 60c. $1. -$160. night;
[• • ;>1 W> to $10 week; bouse open aJl night.
i EVRNETT. 1426 Market (rtd No. 1364)— Fur-
cir'hfd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
| CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Ma«on— EWanlry
I - furnished sunny rooms ; prices reasonable-/ .
I CftAND Eouthfrn. 7th and MlselonVRooms 50c'
j t • II fi:» r.'cM; $1 to $i wp»-k; rea!dlng;-room.
IJfcS^IE. ."!(."!. eaML United Statei JMint— Fur-
nished rooms, $3 and fi) per month.
! LAGUNA «nd McAllister, fit. James' fiat — dun-
!' -jmr -tingle, rotjti. • ' ' ' ' •:¦¦¦¦ ., t i '
'. MZBBlCBt. 1.14S— El^eant fuvrrlRhPd. front room;-
.' '¦watf-r; piano;- also otk-ers; fJl-JO'wetk up. .
NiyTH;.-119 «GDlesrl-)— Nlre-Iy'fu'rnished rccmi
. '$1 td'fSSO'ptT -week: r.Os .to 75c per night.
pf»\VrTL.L. ..tlT— ; Sunny front -euiie fcr.d.octor or
. • •' .d«mti!'t ;. also other furnished rooms..
. SKNNY'room.wilih grate for'one or two gen^le-
mfri;-rea?cnaliile. . 543 Mlnsa st; .. . >•¦ .'-
SKTTER. 3<:i';»The I^archmont)— fN«w. mod-
em. ' reasonable: no earfarK " •" "
VNITED RTATE3. 123 E<3dv St.". nr_ Market—
| •: 40<» single aKd' family- roomi; Sjp.to- $1 night;
; 11 75 to *U week"; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room*,: free bus" and baggage.
VAN NESS.- 619— Handsome «unnv furnished
. tuite* and «lngle roomsj all conveniences.
•T\^NCHESTER -Hotel. S 44 3d st.. near Market-*
Moet convenient and recrjectable; 700 rooms-
S5c to $1 BO rflght: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
. >iec. lights; rrading-room; free bus: baggage.
ADVEUTISEMliNTS. subscriptions received 'at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
CLAPi?IFIED advertisements and ¦ subscriptions
. received at" Call branch ¦office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for', the recep-
tion of advertisements R,n<l eutncrlptions has
: hf-n cuened at IOCiS Market et., opposite
Fifth. 'Or^n \antll 1\ p. sm*. " ."
.' ; . ' ROOjiS A.VD IKiAItD.
. ~. h^teTT^baltimore^"
• van ness ave-.. near geary st
american plan. - -
' phone private exchange 708* ,
Select first-clasr -family hotel.
' hot and -cold ocean water,
'special 'rates p.y the month
hunger & 7.et3erg. proprietors.
change of proprietors. ¦ ". '
MANHATTAN.HOTEL; 1704 Market st.
A -Etrlctly first'Class famllyand .tourist 'hotel
: ot unquestioned respectability. ' American
plan. . ¦ -
YOUNG lady keeping house •" for 3 brothers
wishes respectable young' lady to board;
jtpod home; references, Address "box -2S0S,
Call .offlce. . .. • . - • • t ."
IX5ELAND, 24 — Nicely . fuxnlshed; n!om; : run-
n : .Yi#c water.; use of ba'th; with tfr without
. board; suitable-' tor two". -•
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van. Ness
- a^e., hs.s etianged .hands; hereafter.eonducted
first -class family hotel '. table board specialty.
STEVENSON' mansion. 807 Callfo'rnl.a St.— 'At-
; tractive and sixhMy rooms j -beet tablo and
. service; lowest :rates. _ " : ¦ . .
EK7HT1I. 402— F"ront siinny. room irjnew'flat.
¦ with or without board; with board-, B0 mo.
KOOJ1J A.AU iWAXlU . VVAjyTmi. -.' .
ROOM and board . In a-'plaln fajnlly by old
• gcntlpman and daughter; references.- Address
. box '-W.t. Call office. ". .' " .
SbOMS WAI^rEp^-Apartaiienti.
WANT apartrrrpnt of 3 room* -and bath, fur-
; nlshfd. cast of -Larkln .and north of Golden
Gate avo.; rent not over $35. .Box 45S1,
= Cft.ll office. • ¦ •"•- /'••¦ " ¦ ¦• '
igEWI.VG MACHINES A.\D SUPI'LIEsT
NEW HOMt; sewjng machine; tnls. week only;
f 10. $15. (20: eUghtly u*sed; needles 20c aos.
' NEW HOME 6. M. CO.*. 1051 Market «t.
'.':; , ¦;;;.; ; • palm.-&try. : ::;;:.\; .^- -..-
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist antt aatrolo-
gUt; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME NEERGARD'S class In palmistry begins
Dec. 1, 8 p. ro. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. Bl»
Taylor ft., near Geary. Phone Black 56L
PA'PERHJLjyGISG, PAINTING, "ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 60 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paln£ Co.. 319 3d at. ; tel. Main 413.
CALL At 627 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. fo*
paper hanging, painting and tinting,. ¦¦•j . .- ¦¦£ |
.: '-'•';:-: THE STAGE.'".. -. *iVr.--!-'- .-' ; ; -
WANTED— Immediately, two soubrettes and
dancers for wagon show; salary sure; good
-amateurs-. taken. 907 Mission, r. 11. 12-8 p. m.
•PROPOSALS. _ l
•" ¦¦;.. NOTICE' TO CONTRACTORS. '
OFFICE' OF THE BOARD "OF Ei'ATE HAR-
bor Comnrisslonera,. Union Depot and i Ferry"
House San Francisco, California. -Novem-
- be« 16, 1903. . - ¦'-¦¦ .
Sealed proposals or" bids will be received at
-V thl«:t,fflco at orprlor.^to 2:15 : o'clock p. m.
on' Wednesday, December 23; 1903, for the
' construction- '¦ of "• a section of seawall and
' wharf alone feame to be .located between
1 King and -"Channel streets on "the water
front of the/City and CounU .of. San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with, the plans and
specifications prepared therefdr by" the Chief
Engineer of the Board- and adopted by the
Board August 27, l'.m:!. and on file In this
.office, to which special reference Is hereby
. made. The work to be done under these
! specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone . seawall with end j embankments
| -and a wharf, -ft is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90,000 tons of Btone; the wharl will
contain 86,060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This eection of the seawall will ex-
tend from the* intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
i" ' with the water front line, oix hundred- (600)
i- feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action 'of
tea. water or air. J .
Two j classes ot stone will " • be recognized.
The first class will Include etone of one or
more cubic feat In fair assortment of sices
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion, will be made to etone larger than four
cubic- feet; this class of 'stone -must be free
of eeams and marked lines of cleavage.'-- ¦¦•
Tho second class will include stone of less
than' one cubic foot, in assorted 1 sizes, but
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry- - ..."
The materials for the construction ' of . the
wharf Will consist of . trie requisite quanti-
ties of first , class, ' close grained, Douglai
" yellow flr piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
¦ bolts..-6plkee, etc, all of the beat quality
and- subject to; a' rigid examination. "
No bid' will be- received nnless it Is made
on a blank form furnished: from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check' for
live .per cent -of the aggregate ' amount • of
thte bid, payable to the order of ' the Seore-
. tary cf "the -Board,' as a guarantee on thu
- part of the successful bidder that he will
.within six (6) days after" the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
said' work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In'
¦ubh sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the -Board of: State Harbor Commissioners,
and. conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
• . f ldefed by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:16 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23. 1903. at which time and place tha
bids will be oDened.
The -Bnard reserves the • right to reject may or
all -bids If deemed for the best ,. interest of
tha -State.
Bidders are invited to be present at the open-
les of tht bids.
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
- IJOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
• Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
IXITT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer." •
- ' . . JOHN M. FaY.; Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley.-
Notice- to contractors, builders and material
men — Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that eealed, proposals or bids are solicited for
perform lng"*the labor and furnishing the na'
. tprlais .necessary for the excavations and
'foundations of California Hall, on the
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Alameda County, California, and
said bids or proposals will be received at the
-office of the. Board of Regents, . South . Hall,
- Berkeley, at or before 12 o'dock m. of the
11th day of December, W0.1. And" notice is/
hereby. further given that trie plans and speci-
fications of said, excavations and foundations
have bwn made and adopted and aw placed
in. above named office, whore .the same may
be. seen and examined during each day f fonv
9 o'tlock a. -m.- until 4 o'clock p. m., fvom
; this date until said 11th day .of December,
190.?. No bids or proposals will be considered
. unless "{he primp are accompanied by a certi-
fied. ch«:k or a bond of said- proposer equal to
ten «10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid
or propbaai .shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to- faithfully perform the -duty and obliga-
tions' "in accordance "with said propogaJ and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
are.' hereby required to be a -part of such
contract. The right td reject . any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is
given pursuant to. an act entitled: "An act
to" amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and : organize the University .of California,"
approved March 25.' 1S6S. and an act amend-
atory oT eection 25 thereof, approved March
28,. 1872, relating" to the construction of build-
ings,- ' approved. March 3, 1S97. By order of
the Cornmlttee on Grounds ahd Buildings of
the Board of Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN. Sftcret&ry.
PROPOSALS— -Bids wanted. "Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by .ttie board tif djrectors of the .Veterans'
Home. of California, at its office, room 13 320
Baxsome st'.. San- Francisco, Cal:, up to. 11
' g-'clcck a.m.. 8ATURDA.Y, DF.CEMBEB 5
1903. and opened Immediately thereafter In the-
presence, ot bidders, for- furnishing and deliv.
¦ Vrlng quartermaster and commissary ouppliea •
etc!.- for 1 the Veterans' Home, Napa County'
California (railroad station TountvllleX.'for six
months, commencirj; Jan. 1, 1004, and ending
June SO, 1904. Schedules with information
and instructions for submitting' bids will be
furnished upon application by the under-
signed. ' Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions' of the schedules, and no bid" wUI be
considered -unless it is in accordance .with
cuch sclrcdufes.- Bids on t«?a. coffee and sugtrr
tnust be made on samples submitted. No bids
will" be received from . parties who are not
regular Dealers In and carrying; stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bfdder roust
accompany his bid . with a certified check
Upon some wel'-known and responsible bank*
• Ing-house for at least. 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract
¦ upon notice of acceptance, as required by law, '
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount specified. Address JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board "of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13, 820 San some street. Sin Francisco,
" Cal. .
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D.- C, until 12 o'clock noon,
' December 18, 1903. and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereaTtbr, to furnish at the navy
• yards Mare Island, Col.; and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of arc lamps, fan blowers,
transformers, electric motors, wire, condurt
and fittings, miscellaneous electrical supplies
nuts, . rivets, washers, wire gauce, ; padlocks',
nails, drills, files, screws, miscellaneous hard-
ware, various .machine ; tools, Douglas -. flr,
Puget Sound ship spars, bar Iron and steel,
plain and galvanized sheet steel, cheel lead,
roofing tin, boiled and raw Unseed oil, kerb-
sene oil,* concentrated lye, white and red
lead, paints, polishing paste graphite, gold
leaf, brass and steel tubes, pipe lutings, Iron
pipe, water closets, steam gauges* evaporated
peaches and apples, tinned roast and' corned
beef, tinned bacon, lard, canned salmon,
pickles, tinned tomatoes, tinned corn, rice,
¦ tea, sugar, salt, evaporated cream, deck
scrub-brushes, oakum, curled hair, mattress
ticking, . coce-a and rubber mats, squllgees,
bath brick, leather belting, magnesia pipe
covering cotton "Jacketed flre'hose, sandpa-
per, chalk, gasoline, rope extension ladders,
hoBe carts, duplex pump, and construction of
three lines of sewers. Blame proposals will
be furnished upon application, to the Navy
.Pay Offices, San Francisco Cal., and Seattle*
Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster Gen-
eral, U. S. NY 11-10-03. ,
OFFICE' DEPOT. QUARTERMASTER-, 36
New Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 25, 1903. Sealed- proposals . In
triplicate will be - received here until 10
• o'clock a.' m. (Pacific - standard, time), De«
comber 24, 1903, for furnishing stationery
olio, paints, pipe fittings, sheet zinc, packing
boxes, lumber, etc. -, Preference given to artl-*
cles of domestic production or manufacture—
details in schedule. .The. right. ls.reserved to
reject or accept any. or. all •.proposals or any
' part thereof. Blank . proposals ¦ and Informa-
' tlon furnished ft on 'application. 'Envelopes
• containing proposals' should" be lndoYsed
"Proposals' for. Quartermaster's Supplies,
No. 8C42,", and addressed to ¦" '; . •¦'-
-- - • - ¦ MAJOR C. A. ' DEVOL,
Q. M. U. S. A:. Depot Quartermaster.
DIVIDEND. „ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
¦ pany, Cort. — A" dividend, -No. W, - of fifty. (50)
; cents per. share on the. issued,. capital stock of
the company' has been declared, payable at
. the offlce'of the company? rooma 202, 204 and
206;.Hayward .building,^ San- Frajicisco, •• on
December. 10,- .1903/ Transfer books - close
December 3.' 1903, at noon. C. C. QBINN,
. Secretary
REAL ESTATE-- CVtJf— IFOR ' SALE/
BALDWIN -Si HO WELL, w..;,
.•.-¦; . ::'•>-{?.- "25 POST ST.
10 IiEVEL LOTS.
¦ - Suitable for
Flats or ResitJonees..
$2500 AND-/0P., J
. $8.100— A r»>sltlve bargain; comparatively new
pair of flats on the north "side* bt .Fred-
#rick- Ft/.- near' Ashbiu-y; Nos. 212 and
2l4i «larce .- lot,' ' 25x116:6; modern
througho.ut; rested .1 low • at .$600 per
• year; 'we'"*are lnstructfd "by the owner,
who resides In 'the East, to" sell this
¦property -at "onee; the price has beeri
. ' • reduced from $7000 to make a quick
sale; the flats could not be duplicated
for Ipfs ' than $6000; lot . worth $2500;
get permit from our office. "* • '
M.000^ — Rent $42 per month: 4 seoarate flats
of 4 'rooms each;. In splendid renting
locatiou, close' to^Thlrd" st.; lot v runs
through from street, to street, having
double frontage; all' 'in 'perfect* order;
new roof, etc.; must be sold this
week; a bargain can be had In' this
property. , • . , -" - I
$4,250— Splendid residence on Pine «t.; 2-story,
house," 7 rooms t an<| , bath; modern
plumbing; porcelain bath, Ptc. ; cheap-
est house to be had in the Western
Addition. .. . ;¦;..'*¦¦
$0,500— Rente $65fler month; large let, 25x1,44 j
on Fillmore st.. near McAllister; twp- j
story frame building of 2 flats of 6 and j
7 rooms and bath each: building could
be raised and store put In - at small
tost, making this a choice piece of busl-
. nes 9 property. ". • ¦¦'•
$15,000 — To close an estate, or ¦will be sold
.". -f'. eeparately for $0000 and $0000; Ellis
St.; "in excellent location; three fine,
dwellinirs, .2 and 3 stories 8nd base-
ment;, lot 60- foot frontage: will- sub-
divide for $9000; lot C5, with ' 2 houses,
rent $«5, or for 96000, 3-story building,
'. renting for $45; 25-foot frontage.
$5,750r— Here you are; all you people looking
for 2 flats in Western Addition at a
barpain; we have 2 flats of 6 rooms
.and bath each; not far from the park,
: close to Halght-st. cars, on a lot 25x80, j 1
and renting for $56 50 per month; thisj.
is a splendid investment.
$20,000— -Must be sold before owner leaves for
Europe on December .1; large lot. 30x
137:6; frame building, renting for $82 50
per month; right down town, with ele-
¦;'.>. gant exposure; .-suitable for small hotel
or apartment-bouse; near Sutter and
Powell sts. . . ¦
$2,900 — Treirront ave.. near -Waller; only on«
• block to .Halght-Et.- cars; very desirable
little 'home, consisting -of a cottage,
containing 5 rooms "and" bath; not oc-
. • . >. cupied by owner, but. renting for $22 60
per month,; a well-paying 1 Investment if
not wanted for a home. "
$1.000 — The asking price; any fair offer will
take thl? property -belonging to an asso-
ciation who desire to sell their real
". estate; large corner lot. -00x85, com-
manding a splendid view- desirable for
a bulid.er; corner Hill and Sauchez sts.;
. .take Castro-at. cars.
¦ IS.COO-^Rents $?00 per annum; lot 25x122 :«,
. to rear street; two ePiendid flats of 6
' and" 7 rooms and ' bath each, and cot-
tare of. 5 'rooms; street worK. all done:
always. rented; Vallejo st., close to Van
¦: . Ness ave. . .' ¦. "..-'" -J
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & -CO., 638 Market it
. . ' AUCTION
.- " . AUCTION- '
AUCTION ¦ : :
TUESDAY. . Dec. • 8. 1003. at 12 O'clock Noon.
:HAIQHT-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of -Halght st.. l«0 ft. r:. of Buchanan;
extremely large lot, 40x137:6 ft.: improvements,
elegant '3-story residence. 16 spacious roomst 2
baths, driveway, excellent stable; rented per-
manently for $85 per monvh> thla property will
be sold ; to close an estate. " i .
HARRIRT-ST. • INVESTMENT.
NE. line of Harriet st-., SE. of Bryant, near
Sixth (5.OS. 323-323 ta); improvements, 4 excel-
lent flats renting for $372 a year.
• -. . MISSION CORNER.
SW-. corner cf Twentieth st. and Treat ave-.;
magnificent building lot, 25x110 ft.; level,
sewered; graded and ready for building.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT^
E. line of Folsom ave., 250 ft S. of Folsom
ft., between Seventh and Eighth (Nos. 25 to
25); 3 Eeparate flats of 3 ana 4 rooms; rent $31
per month.
" POLK -ST. INVESTMENT.
-E. line" of PolJt st.. S. of Birch ave., between"
Fulton Grove iNo. 20SK 3-story building,
i rooms and store below.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
N. lino of Page bt., between. Lyon and Cen-
tral ave. (No. 132G); Improvements consist o*
2-ptory building, 10 rooms, arid buth, including
bliilard-rpom.
SOOTT-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
SW. ¦ corner of I Scott .and "Greenwich sts.;
large parcel pf land. 6S:9xl22:4 ft. .
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING CORNER
' NW. corner of Broderick and Union sts.; lot
44M03 . ft". : flats erected" on this magnificent
property would rent easily, bringing a hand-
Eome revenue.
CXLIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE..
S. line of California st., 30 ft. of Fifth
ave.; lot t30xl 00 ft.; a beautiful 7-room resi-
dence, porcelain bath, tiled pinks,- wood man-
tel, etc. (No". 430."».
. MINNA-^T. IfLATS.
5. line x>l Minna st., 1CT> ft. NE. of Eighth
(Nos. 653-53 Vi);2 eubfctantlal flats of 3-4 roomB;
i rent $o'2 per month. ' ¦ -./¦,";¦-
MODERN cottages;, finished complete with
every convenience; easy: terms; larg* lota. :
4 roorns — »2900.
i» rooms — $3230.
6 rooms — $3500. • .
6. rooms — $3C00.
7 rooms— $4100.
8 rooms— $4000. ! : .
Located on Firtt and Second av».. b«t.
Geary and McAllister at can and one block
¦ north of park.- F. NELSON, builder.
i BUILD on your unimproved • realty; w» -loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocher building.
LOTS N:or S side of Golden Gate Park pur-
(fhased by W. J. GUNN. C30 California st.
ESTIMATES on plumbing-, work, "new or old.
AMbach & Mayer, plumbers. . 830 Howard Bt.
REAL ESTATE — Country— For' Stile.
! FOR tale — 15-'acre fruit farm; good" Improve-]
• rnents, good l£>cation;" connected vlth •' San
F?anclsco by rail and" electric cars. Call ori
address. 715 Nineteenth st.. OaKland".' Cal. " "
$l(r. A MONTH- buys -a. 10-aere farm, v 1
$2OV> profltpey annum per-acre. •
¦ Write for booklet. It's. free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH,. Sacramento, Cal.
ALKALFA, lands, utock raiKhee, orchards,
vineyards; ins»>ecte'd bargains: monthly cata-
Jbgues 's«nt free. ' C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048
Market St.. *• • ; - -.;••?;'; . • ,
POINT _ 'RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER frorit lots and bargains; all tracts;
mapg, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldf.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 328 Bush st., room 4,
tnird floor. ¦ ¦ — •
REAL ESTATE -TO; EXCHANGE.
A FJNE $15,000 Improved ranch In. the. Napa
Valley to exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
land property. P. C. LAESEN & CO., 4tiC
Tenth st. Oakland. Ohl.
OAKLAND property to exchange 'for ranches
not too far out. P. C. LASSEN & CO 460
Tenth nt.. Oakland. Cal. \
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2790 — NEW, modern 5-r. cottage; lot 40x133*
one block from North Berkeley station.
"$6000—3.84 acres on Claremont ave.; choice lo-
cation for fine home.
$1200 — One acre; near new Santa Fe depot;
Addlson st.
$1500 — 104.fe«t on Grove st., near Parker; this
price for limited time; three factory sites
on railroad. West Berkeley, . for sale.
$4Q0O— 40 lots. West Berkeley, on R. R.; best
. . business block in North Berkeley; now
rented and paying 8 per cent on asking
price.
$4500— 7-r. house; Carlton st; lot 200x270.
Large list of houses and lots for sale. .
CHENEY & BERRY.
• Postofflce Block. 3erkeley.
.OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;.'.
$175 CASH. $9 monthly; «i acre, more or lesu.
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms: chlcken-
. house, ehed. . etc ; nice assortment of f ull-
. bearing fruit trees: fine living spring; city
water in house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine soil; no fogs nor raw .winds-
nicely" sheltered: Just the spot for chicken
raising prjee $900 -in all; 2 - blocks , from
. electric car line; 0 minutes' walk to local
train, S. F.; near 2 fine echoolhouses and 2
churches; adjoining East Oakland. Call or
•send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opposite
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free
' _' • HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
•OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. . , .
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS, :
?B65>4 Washington and 510 Ninth sts Oak-
" land; furnished rooms en suite or single with
or without board; special rates to families.
j>AJKL J A£D^FimNiTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains . In furnl-
. ture. H. Bchellhaas. lltH st.. cor. store. Oak 1 nd.
STUTTERING ASP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cur*»
In every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine, Inaulre into wonderful cures ;homo cure.
Oress K." Flannagan, Eva F. Hastle. James
¦ ' and John Dunne." a " native of California,
aged, C6 years 7 months and 15 days. ¦
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services t«-
morrow, (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m..
at. the narlors of the California Undertaking
Company.' 405 Powell street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by 11 :30 a. m. train,
from Third. and Townsend.
COCHRAN— In this city. November 26, 1003.
Joseph' P. Cochran, -brother of the lato Rob-
ert and Anna E. Cochrad, and uncle of
Smith P. , Cochran of Chlcaso, 111., - * na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 76 years 4 months
and 3 days. A member of St. Andrew's So-
ciety and Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. IV-'.
I. O. O. F. • • "
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 1, 1&C3, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1420 Hyde street. Services at
CentraJ Methodist Episcopal Church, MlssWn
street, between Sixth and Seventh, at "A
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric cars' from Eighteenth and -Guer-
rero streets."
CROW— In this city. November 89. 1003,
Charles . Joseph, beloved son of Charles A.
and Margaret Crow, a najtive of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months and 3 days. *
OARVET- In this city. November 29. 1»«*.
William Garvey, a native of Ireland, aged
72 years.
GILLON— rn this city, November 2T, 1903. at
her. residence, SJti Folsom street", Delia,
beloved wife of James V. GiUon. and sister
of Mr*. . T. M. Hamill and the late Mrs.
Mary Murray and Jamea Quinn, a native of
Massachusetts, aged - 42 years. (Amador
. papers jplease copy.) . . ;_• .'••..- , .
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. - > '--,-JT <
GRUBERT— In this city, . November 2!>. 1903,
Martha,, beloved daughter pf 'Frank and
Ernestine Grubert and sister of Ernst. John;
Hattie and Alma Grubert. a native of Stet-
¦ tin, Germany, aged 18 years- and 3-monthn.-
HARRINGTON — In tsia city, November 80.
1903. William* P., beloved husband of Sallte
T. Harrington, a native of Maine, aged 77
years 7 months and 13 days. .
(E7 Funeral. service* will be held Wednes-
day, December 2>. 1903, at 3 o'clock p. m."
at Colusa, Cal. ".t"
HENDERSON— In this .cUy. November 29.
1903, Arthur, dearly beloved son of James
and MadKe Henderson, loving brother of
Jean Henderson, and grandson- of Jennie
L. and the late James A. Grant, a native ot
Fan 'Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and
M0 days. . . Y—
E3"Friends «nA acquaintances are respect-
* . fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at l;30 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 140 Blake street, off
_ Point Lobos avenue. Interment Holy Cnss
Cemetery^ # . . '. .
HOLSTE-^lii this city, • November 2$. 1903.
Frederick Holste, a native of- Germany, aged
77 years. •' • • . :
IND— In this city, November 28, i903. Mary
Ind. beloved- wife of Thomas .Ind, and slater
of., Mra. Mlchaer Drury. a. native ot Ire-
land, aged 56 years. . .
•(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend tke funeral - to-day
(Tuesday!, at 9:30 o'clock, from the. funerai
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, -where
a Bolemn.blgh mass will be celebrated for
. the repose of her eoul,- commencing - at JO
¦ o'clock. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
HELLY— In thla cltz. November 28. -1903J
Mary Elizabeth, * beloved wife of the late
Joseph" Kelly, mother, of Phillip Vincent
Kelly, and aunt of Henry A. itcKenna, a
. native of Wisconsin, aged. -43 years 2 month*
-.and 8 days. ¦ • •-..""
CC^TFrienJs and acquaintances are -respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 :30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co . 1909 Mission ,
street, between* Fifteenth r.nd Sixteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, .where a
inayj will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
' Holy Cross CemefrerjV by "carriage. .
KELLY — In this city. November 29, 1003. Ed-
« ward Stephen Kelly, devoted son of Honora.
¦and the, late Patrick Kelly, a native of Ban
Francisco. A member of Rincon Parlor No.
,7*2. N. S. O. W.
E7TM funeral wljl take dace to-day
(Tuesday) at 12:45 o'clock, from residence
* of his mother. 23? Eleventh street, thence to.
Bt. Joseph's -Church for services, comment--
ing at 1 p.* :n. Interment private. Holy.
Cross Cemetery. T.' ,..¦-.'./• • • .
LA "COMBER— In this city, November 29, 190il, '
Emily La Comber, 'beloved mother of- Mrs.
Llllie • Grenjer. Mrs. L, House, Mrs. J. '
' Ducker. Mr. Gua Mathew*. Mrs. C. "?;.' Peck
and Mrs. J. D. Cordinell; a native of Ger-
many, .aged 63 years. A. metfibeK of Seven
Pines Circle No. 3. Ladles of the G. A.\ R-.
and. a member of Lincoln Corpa, W. R. C. '
. C7Friends" and acquaintances are respectr
fully invited to attend . * funeral ' services
Wednesday morning, December 2,. 1903. at
10 o'clock, at the residence of her daugh-
ter. Mrs"! J. D. Cardlnell, 228 ¦ Fair Oaks
ptr^et. Interment Cyprecs Lawn Cemetery
by electric funeral car from corner San Jose
avenue and Thirtieth 'street at 10:30 a. m.
'SEVEN Pines Circle Xo. 3, Ladles of'G: A. R.
— Sisters: You are requested to attend the fu-
neral of our .late sister, .Emily La Comber,
to b» held at her late residence, • 22S Fair
Oaks street, on Wednenday morning at 9;3U
o'clock. M. J. FINCH, President
. ANNIE M. PHILLIPS. Secretary- •; " :•' ;.-'•
LIGURI — In' CUy and' County Hospital.-.' No-
vernber S9. 19O3. Raffael tlgurl, a native of
Italy, aged tJO years. • .. -. " - , • ".".= -.,-.'.:
MATKOVICH— In this city, November 29, 1903, '.
. Bo^rlau Matkovirtj. -a native of, Boka-iKotorr
, ska. Moiinj, Austria, aged 8.8. yean, .- • •
MCELROY'— In this city,' N«vemb*r'SO,"19d3,
Amanda R., beloved wife "of Robert McEl-
roy and mntheV of Robert' D. and James R.
.• McEIroy', a native of New. York; -State, aged-
"•77 years 10 months and 23. days,; -. ... •¦ ..-
"C7Frlends'and acquaintance's are -respectr.
fully Jnvited l r.ttend the funeral to-mbf-
row (Wednesday), at lft o'clock a. -rav, fr«m
the" Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan streets. ... -Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ," .- -." .. - ...
McNALLT — In this city.. November ¦; 30. l»03l:
Mrs. 'Guisie McN*lly, beraved wlfe-Qf the'
late Mathew McNally of Petaluma. a native •
¦ of San Francisco. . (Petaluma papers. please
topy.) • " '. • ' ; -\ ; - / "V •„• _.
MILLERICK— In this city. November 30. 1903.
• John- Mil}erlc.k,' beloved son " of John F. and
.Angelina M. Miljerlck. brother of Mary,
j Itorfe at)d Grace Mill.Tlck and grandson of
- Mrs. C. HiticXardson, 'a native of Banfran-
• <S3co> aged 1 year and : 10 months. .-* • ¦ *.
ETFricnds an«f acquaintances are 're-
. "epectfully Invited to attend the funeral' tt>7
. morrow (Wednesday) at 1 :30. r+ m; from' his •
late residence,, 831 San Jose 'avenue, between
". Thirtieth ahd. Thjrty-flrat streets Inf.er-
• ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . .'¦.•.'
MOSHER— In thfs city, "NoVemBer 30. i-03, "
Wlllfam Mosher, beloved husband of * Betty
Mosher, .father of. Aurella, David,- HfcrX
mlna' and' Benjamin Mo«her; and Mr?- A. J,"
Robinson of New York, a native of. JCux-
« # land. ' * . . . ' ' ...
.MURPHT— In' this- city. November 29; 1MO,
Ellen Agn.ru. beloved wife of Patrick .Mar-,
phy, a native" of County Tyrone, Ireland,-
aged 60 years.
MURPHT— In this city, NoVem.ber 29, 1903.
Ellen Agnes, beloved wife of Patrick Mur-
phy, a native of County Tyrone, 'Ireland,
aged CO years. •
IPTThe funeral 'will tato 'place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m..'from her
. late residence, 2252 Flllmore> streett thence
to Et. Dominic's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the recose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Qross Cemetery.
NEDDERSEN— In ' thto citk November 28.
1903, Elizabeth, beloved wife of Fred Ned-
dersen, mother of Harry, Edward and Frank
Levenberg. and sister of Henry, Mackey, a.
/ native of New York, aged 4* years.
EJ'Fripntfa and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral /to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
\ of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ' ' •
PARSONS (nee PRICE) — In this city. Novem-
ber 29. 1903.' Lillian, dearly beloved wife of
Edward A. Parsons, daughter of the late
Edward and Elizabeth Price, and beloved
sister of Susie. Lottie. Rose, Eddie and Ar-
thur Price ancT Mrs. E. L. Meeks, a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 year* 2 months
and 27 tiays.
CXFrltinds and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to Attend the funeral <o-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late res*-
• dence. 1359 8teve«Bon street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. I
PETERSON— In this city, November 29. 1903,
. Andrew William.' beloved son of Andrew R.
and Anns! ¦ Peterson, and brother of Alice,
Anna. Gustava. Sophie and Edward Peter-
son, "a native of San Francisco, aged 15
years 11 month* and 3 days.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 1.1903. at 8:30 o'tlock. from the
residence of his parents,. SOI Elizabeth street,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
Hoffman and Douglass, ' thence to St. James
• Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrer*
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the 'repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment . Holy Crcfas Cemetery.
PLAT— In this • city. November 28. 1903..
-. Theresa Plat, dearly beloved wife of ' J«an
Plat and ' mother of Gaston Plat, a ' native
of -Belgium, aged 43 years.
¦JET" Friends and " acquaintances, art re»
. spectfully invited to attend ' funeral to-day
- (Tuesday). December 1. 1903, at 1 C.clock
p. m.. from the undertaking parlors of
Iaccheri,' Duclos" & Co., 629 Broadway, be-
tween Dupont and Stockton' streets. .Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. ¦
RIGBY— In this city. November 30, 1903,' Em-
ma Rig by, beloved daughter .of Mrs. Mary
. Ann . Stiles,', a , native of- England, aged 59
years ' 3_ menths and 30 days.
SMITH — in this city. November 29, 1903. Ru-
fus - R.. :. beloved husband of Hannah 41/
Smith and father of Percy and Dora Smith, a
native ' ol * New York. , aged , 70 > years. '
SWEENEY— In thU. city, November 29. 1903.*
- Dennis Sweeney, a native ot Ireland, aged
trx . years. ¦ ,
•I".''--. *
THOMPSON— In Ahls city. November 20. 1903,
John D. Thompson, beloved husband .of
i Emma R. Thompson and father of Henry
•W.. Simon F. aftd Hattle* B. Thompson.
Mrs. Orrln Taber and Mrs. Walter Carroll.
> h native of Nova Scotia, aged 62 years antt
20 days. A mernber of.Noe Valley Lodge
iSo. 185 o* the Workmen. . '
IC7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully idvlted to . attend funeral service*
Wednesday, December 2. ISXW. at 1 o'clock
P. m.. at *is late, residence.* 112* Church
.street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
• by carriage. " .»
TITUS — In this city. November &O. 19OI."
Helen A., beloved wife of Samuel Titus an<J.
mother of Mrs. T. A. Atchlson, a native of
Ohio, aged 69 yyars « months and 23 day«-This evening Britannia Lodge of the
Daughters of St George will hold a
bazaar, in Its hall in Pythian Castlei
During the* evening first-class talent
will offer a programme of entertain
ment, made up. of music, ballads and
specialties. After the programme the
young ladies of the : lodge will serve
English tea and cakes.
An English Bazaar.
A. D. McGee sustained a fracture of one
of his lejjs yesterday under peculiar cir
cumstances.- McGee, who Is an aged man,
was! a passenger on a Folsom-street car,'
and was just In the act of alighting at
the corner' of Sixteenth street, when he
was run intq and knocked down by a
vicious horse driven by Charles Sheridan.
The les was broken, between the knee
and the ankle. The injured man was ilrst
taken to the Railroad Hospital and later
removed to his residence at 1029 Church
street. ' , . ,. --. .
A. D. McGee's Leg Broken.
Piso's Cur« for 'Consumption always gives
relief in cases of coughs and colds. 23c. •
James Ryan came wjthin an ace of
losing his life by asphyxiation yester
day, and had it not. been for the timely
arrival of his wife upon the scene he
would now be decorating one of the
cold marble slabs at the Morgue. From
what can be lear/ied it is reported that
Ryan had been on a protracted spree.
Yesterday morning" Mrs. Ryan had oc
casion to go downtown, and when she
returned she found the house filled
with gas and discovered her husband
lying on the floor in . an unconscious
state. She had him removed to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Arml
stead succeeded in bringing him back
to life. Whether the act was one of in
tent or accident is not known. The
Ryans live at 125 Dore street.
Wife Saves Husband's Life.
A boy 'named Thomas Neriene was run
over, yesterday by a runaway horse and
one of his legs was broken. Thomas, who
is but six years of age, was playing in
the street at the junction of "Valencia and
Haight streets, when the horse, . which:
had broken away from its driver, H. A.
McCoy, came tearing along and trampled
the little boy under its feet: Thomas'. leg
was fractured between the ankle and the
knee. He was taken to his home, 1709
Market street, where^ tha family physi
cian set th«» broken member.-' .V".;
Small Boy Is Run Over.
Miss I. B. »Connor, 138 Geary street,
will offer to the ladles of San
all of her French Models at greatly re
duced, rates: $35.00 hats. $25..OO; $25.00
hats, $16.00; $10.00 hats, $5.00. Sale be
gins Monday, i). a. m., and continues for
the week. ¦ . •
Millinery Sale.
City Architects State There Is .Big
Falling Off in Number of Applica
¦ -.V tioiis for Improvements.
Thrcm the records furnished yesterday
by: the City Architect's office it appears
that tire estimated oo«£ of new buildings
and alterations was nearly $500,000 less in
Nove'mber than in October. There were
261 applications for building permits in
No'vember, as against 595 in the preceding
month.
The estimated cost of new buildings was
$036,657. and the cost of alterations was
estimated at $140,570. making .a total of
$1,577,227, as 'against $1,528,403 In October.
Fees collected in November amounted to
$1125 50.
The estimated cost of dmprovements- un
der the 156 free permits 'granted amounted
tb.$26,SlS.
BUILDING- OPERATIONS
SHOW LARGE DECREASE
*TACOMA. Nov. 30.— At Ketchikaa last week
ex-Governor A. P. Swtneford. suffered a atcoke
of paralysis, which caused htm to lose control
of his speech," his left arm and both fess. The
stroke was unexoected as fhe former • Gov
ernor "had been in excellent health; except for
a slleht attack of rheymatism. J
Detective O'Dea left yesterday for
Los Angeles to bring back a man giv
ing the name of E. V. Wilson, who was
arrested there cm a circular from Chief
Wittman, stating that he was wanted
for burglary. "Wilson is accused of hav
ing feloniously entered the residence of
Captain Bennett at the Presidio some
weeks ago..-
Arrested in Los Angeles.
ors. ¦¦¦ . • • ¦. • -. ¦
President ;Gp<5rg'e:"W." ..Perkins of. the
CigarmakerS' Union has' gone [ on a trip
up the ' coast"' to im-estigate the. Alleged
iise of spuWoiis irt soijie- of the
northern' citie's.' .- ' . : ' ." -
The new .schedule 1 of wages .which has
been in the course of- preparation by the
Gas "Workers' Union will te-submitted to
the Labor Council at Its next meeting.
Tho lo.ng-f ought " issue' between j the
Metal Workers and the Boilermakers*' and
Structural Workers*. V n ' on . had been ad
justed to the satisfaction b'f both sides*.
The ' cloakmakers ; are . still ion • ¦ strike.
But -one- firm, -Goiairian & KrAmer, • has
yielded- > : to -the dfem'ands of ithe unl.on.
There' k/e still foprj. firms whii refuse; to
grant to the workers what they" demand.
The women- are- determined to sitay out on
strike iipti'l -th'eir demand for : ".Saturday
afternoon oft is gran-ted by their ejxiploy.-
•But. .One ;F.irm Has Acceded to the
. Garment Workers?. ' De'mand:. . \
;. for^aiFDay.Off.i • '• •
GLOAKMAKijRS? ' STRIK^" " ' ' ' : "
' ; 1^" STILL ' UNSETTLED
j .' A. circular was isawed .from th'.e offl.ee of
.'ihi freight- department of the;- Soatherri
Pacific Compaay yesterday announcing
the : retirement jqf Scott -R. Chappel, lccal
freight agent' of the company .- at Third
and Townsehd streets.- H"iB successor will
bo C.- Ji' Jones,'- division' freight- and 'j?as
sehger' agent" 6f .the- Southern Papillc
Conhpanj' in Sacramento. ¦ -. ' •
.-Chappei has Ibecn • connected 'with' the
•conipany's freiph't department for many
year's, i About a year ago. he annouHCQd
his Intention to resign; and the report
gairted clrcirlation thai his- successor had
already, -been by -th* .company.
While the man who it was' supposod
would take^Chappel's pl'acp is well liked
in , the freight, department, it was figured
out that-tfirt position to he vacated prop
erly belonged to another* man,.' and the
matter was. -conelderably commented
on at time. ; Stangely, however, Chap'
p.el :dia not resign and Continued at his
desk until a'few'days ago, when- he asked
to be- relieved. The change will take
place to-day. . .
Veteran of • Southern : Pacific Freight
; Office ito fee Succeeded by C: : .
'¦¦ '.- ' : :• • J. Jones. •" • .- • '
Coronet -and ' PQIjU'c ."..A'dmlni&trutor
Ja!mes Crow* of San \Mateb -Couq ty j Was
wiltten Coroner Iceland " fnfofrrjlnp
hip that: on _ Novjember ¦ ZZ "• the • Skeleton
of; g^ maa.w&B found at the. moji'th "of
Rivensw-pod:: ..Creek, near Redwood
City. The' body had been Wng - : "ta!'the
marsh. -for a year. or. jnore% -Cqrbjner
Ci*<»we' appends the fo.llowing inventory
of; aiticles found eritahglea -in' what
was left of the clothing of the skeleton:
Key ring holding thirty minjature steel
saws from, one to';two inches' in" length",
such as are ;used : as saraples t»y com- 1
mercial traveler^ • f or • saw factories ;
two-inch • steel rule, punch, and- 'a. drill
two 25-cent pieces', Bilyef watch -^'Uh
th^ monogram "F. O.. y./ f the- date
August, • 1698,. and the numbers. "9, 1 .'
"i;245,550" and "6935.*' -. \ "
A search ' of the." San Frdhcisco
MOrgue" record -pf persons reported
missing fa'ils* to show any mention of
a man haying such articles in his pos
session. : -:;,;;:?-¦ t •
0ty "WtthllJiiiiiituire Samipie^'atoj'
;' ''.. ¦¦ in His. PoB$«ssion,-. = ; " : : .
Skelisfori: iDi^eov^fgd ;Near'. Redwood
JTBAVEtlNGF :HA1TS BOiy*: : '"• •-'
-.:;¦/ :.ii found in. "a. iarAitSH
CHAPPEIj j T|Q -EETIBfi : . •
> ¦. ' -.AFTER L0N9 SERVICE
Hon. Spencer Lyttelton, nephew of the
late . Premier . William E. Gladstone and
the latter's secretary for many years,
who passed through hero several months
ago on his way to the colonies, returned
yesterday on the steamship Ventura and
is registered at the Palace.
Governor Cor of Tahiti and his wife,
who have been visiting the East, arrived
here several days ago. They departed to
day for the .islands on the steamship
Mariposa.
M. C. Cameron, commercial agent for
the Government of New Zealand in Lon
don, who has been In the colonies on a
vacation, arrived here yesterday on his
way to England. , ¦
Countess de Rougemont of France, who
has been making a tour of the Australian
colonies, was amonjr the passengers that
arrived yesterday on the steamship Ven
tura*. She is a guest at the Occidental.
Patrick Lannon, former proprietor of
the Salt Lake Tribune, returned from the
southern part of tho State yesterday and
departed on the evening train for his
home. He will leave there shortly fop
Cuba. ¦%¦;-,-
Edward Chambers, general freight agent
of the. Santa Fe road, is up from Los An
geles and registered at the Palace.
Sir Julian Salomons, former Attorney
General for New South "Wales, arrived
yesterday and is staying at the Palace.
Humboldt Gates, a well-known young
mining man, is registered at the Palace,
having Just returned from .a .trip to
Mexico. a
Thomas Derby, who is* connected with
the NewAlmaden quicksilver mines, is at
the Palace.
' George. McCarty,- a prominent mining
man of Mexico, is registered at the
Palace. . :
Dr. T. J. Robinson of "Los Angeles is
visiting the ci-ty and; staying at the Pal
acfi.
Dr. M.\ Fri?d of Portland is at the
California.
Dr. S. R. "Ketcham of Redlands Is at
the Palace. '• ;
George. Nixon, a banker of "Winnemucca,
is at the ( Palace. : : '
-. Dr. T./ C'raig of Capay arrived at the
Grand yesterday. ' . .
: - State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of -San
Juan .is -at the. Palace. • :
C. • W." Cretter, a 'druggist of Patlflc
Grove, is at the GraYid. •
J. W. Forpreus, an attorney of Santa
Cru# is at the California. . • .
V. Mudrach and wife, prominent.Aus
trlans, arre at the Occidental.
T. J. Evans, a mining' man- of Cananea,
Mexico, is a guest at" the Palace.
Samuel E.. Rigg, a mining man of
Tuoltinino Ccunty, is visiting ihlft city.
Dr. L. E % Bens&n\of Tonopah Is at the
Palace. '. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
PRANKf ORT, .Kr-»' NoV.-SO.— The Kentucky
election coramrtsslon to-;d.W.--l"8«ued a certificate
of ejection, to Congress from- the Eleventh Dis
trict, to W. 'GbHirey HunSer/. late Minister l«
Guatemala. ',-[ Dr. Hunter 'Is.' -the only Republi
can: "Congressman f rom- .KeritTicky. ; ..
. SLrs. Catherine Hall.'.' through hfer
guardian aiJ litem, Patrick CaSsIdy-. of
-San Rafael, : began suit • yesterday .;in
the United "States- District .'! Court
agauist the -Jforth Pacific Coast.Rail
road Company, and the ferry steamers
"Sausalito ah<5- San Rafael to !r«cover
550,000 • damages for the loss of her
Husband, .Alexander Hall, who was
-drowned oh November 30, 1901, when
the Sail-Rafael sunk In a collision -with
.the- Sausalltp. . The ", complaint alleges
t"hact both steamers were "traveling in
: opposite directions .at .gTeat speed ma
den^?. fog,, and-that ••the ".accident In
Vhlfcb ilr.- Hairiost his Jife-.was cauged
by the- "bf the <>fflceni of
¦feoth;,. vessels.. ¦.¦.¦•¦-..-:¦' "•."."'¦'•• ";"v...-| . .;
\} : Mrs: -Hall at tfeie present tlxpe 'is;. an
inmate- of; ..the State" Asylum fdr jthe
Insan^':at. Stockton, ;"ehe.. haying, lost
her .mind ' because . of the shock.' She
¦his. seven -children;' all-bf Vh'ciiu are
•Joined J with 'her as'.'cbmplalnants;. ', '.'¦
• Harry V; Morehptiee .is- attorney- for
the complainants. . ; - ' '.'.: '•'
for the Loss of; Her Hus]-
Mrs:'. Catherine EaU Asks SoO,000
LIBELS TE&STZ : STEAMZfiS : '•
.: : ". FOB A EABGE AliOTmT
. JtARSHALLTOW^; lawa, Nov. 30J-t
The- mahi.; building, ot the. Jewell Lu
.theran Coi-L>ge -at Jew : ell Junction was
destroyed .Tjy 5re "tpiday.. dead
body of Bert ilela.ng fJf; Randall,. Iowa,
was., recovered, fronv ther ruins .and-, 'a
young man named; Peterson -frQ.m Red
wing, Minn., i's misa'lrjg." .. .- ' •¦" ".- •
Fatal Fire at; a College.
'Thomas G. Aitken. an officer of the
society^" made .'a response, ai|ter w^hich".
tije company-adjourned to the ballroom,
where, they danced until a laie hour.
¦ The -officers pX the. St. Andrew'.s-So
ciety whd' had charge, of thfr. baqcru^t;
last' eyenihg' are: • ' ' .. •' •• ..
•' President ' Pi' '.LJvir'gston -Dunnj: • first" vice
bresident" J. C. 'Fyfer 6ecorid vi<^e prfsident,-
A ft. Pkttersqni" treasurer. -X>oug?as H. W
son- recording "secretary Joseph Black;" assist-,
anfeecretary, Richard G.-Elrtcte: financial s*c
rotary • R" D. '¦CoWiufioun;-. assistant finarCcial
sVqrcfary.:.Thomas Qj- Altkeri; • lifa{-aria;n." Wil
liam Falrgrieve ;'.-tru3.tees. Samuel Irving'. Wil-
Jiarn Balhaves. Andrew McXaif. Jajnes S. 'U'eb-v
itcr Y- "C- Lattso'n-;' boaXtl.-bf relief. Joserh
P Cochran John: AT. J?uncari. Jama Kay; phy
sician "DiL-'W. F. McXutt; .chaptaja. Rev.- -W-il
llam Kitk Guthrie.." : • .- ;. " ; .:•.;"".."
¦William BalfiaTes .sang -"Scotland
Yet," and a response was ma;deby Ed
ward Cp-lllns'. • George. St. : Jj Bremner
sang "Over the Sea to Skyie,*.' which
was re^pon-de'd -to by ' Couptenay "W"."
Bennett', British .Consul General' tD San
Frahciseo. M1ss Mabel E. Graig .sang
'?Coifein'- Thrtf". 'the " Rye" re^y sweetly
and was .loudly applauded. ]The com-'
panyihen sans "The -Lasse^." . ..
There's naugh't but cdre on. every Iran' .."-."
..In eve*ry hour that" passes O: :: ¦ .
sigi>4fles "the life o' man . " ; • • . ' •
•An* 'twere not for thff lasses O : ?
SING-EBS ABE HEABD.
The "haggis,"" the .Socrtch-" -national
.dish, was the most" irnpoftaBt- item oh
the.men.u.: -It.-was carried 1 lrlfb.t]!xer : ban
xjuet hall -oil the head.bf the^hief wait-;
"er, who. In the wake -of the piper," pro
ceeded. M'ith" his .precious hdrden around
the*va£Lous:tables and finally placed^it
before .P. Livingston Dunn,'. ;the presi
dent of the" society.. Jt was I then;, car.
ried aVay* and^erved. from a -side table".
'. 'As the' huge, pu'dding was "taken into
the room the' whole. company:arose {injd.
sang "Comin*"- .Thro' the Ryk' f <)ther
patriotiG' songs' sung, were "Kill fir'cSseV'
"Gae Bring tae Me/a." Pint !o'-'. Wine."
f'CJallef iHerrin'," "Corn' Rlg^." ."Afton;
"Water,"' "Bannocks o : Bartfy Meal"
and "Scots TOia Ijia'^." '•' . • ! = .' ; " ' .
Oh foe one hour of "Wallace wighj. " .
Or wrtl skilled .Bruce, to. rule tfcejfisht
And -cry * I S^lnt Andrew »nd our right; 1
Was sung by Malcolm' Frager.- after
which the R£v. "VTHllam KirH Guthrie,
chaplain of, the .-society,' rhahe ah ap
propriajte .response. •' " -:
"HAGGIS" . JS SALTJTEIX.
Fully 400 of the brawny lads and bon
nie lassies that constitute the St.
Andrew's Society of San Francisco as
sembled in the large banquet hall at
the Palace Hotel last evening to par
ticipate in. the merry making-! that
marked the forty-first annual banquet
given in honor of their patron saint..
Throughout the entire evening- pa
triotic so'ngs were sung : and = 'the. shrill,
high notes-ol a Scottish bagpipe accom
panied, the maqy" voices. • The opening
song of the evening wa's "jhe Presi
dent," 'which was sung to the tune of
"The Ijtar Spangled . Banner." .'.after
which the diners sans "God Save the
King." As the orchestra playexi the
first bars of. the airs the eirtirfi- com
pany arose, the members standing at
their places -at the table until the- last
note of the songs- had fdied awdy..
At the conclusion 'of the goijgj a la r
ment was played, upon' the bagpipes
in honor of the- late Joseph P. Cochran,
who was one "of- the relief boai-d.of.the
society. . • . _ ' . ;: .:'
- • "This .report : incriminates certain'
' people,". "said -Bra'ndenstein.L "and. we
wajit to be -Sure of our ground before
we . give it out. We want the! experts
to. ; show *-us : beyond thie Jshado-W of a
douht that/ there- is actual foundation
fpr -.any -charge of. wrongdoing, which'
eriy iridiyidual'niay he a-ccused 'q£.\' Gop
tes. of : the : "report wlUt»e given' : to the
.newspapers; to-morrow afternoon; , : but
:n0thing;. <?il|clai. as %o : detail* - " -jX-I'a 1. " be.
i^venjput.Jn ttiat conn\e.ctiQn ; ucttlthen. rt
:¦ TKe repoFt- fs"£lmilar':to- the flrkt .re-
port- filed by. the ..experts .regarding the
inaiadm'inis.triatfon o-f the -pro hate' ji? : .
p.artment : qti&; .the peculation yrl\'t&es
there? r'brn; on(y. .that Vt[ enters *in<o; rriote
Veijibpraje vdetaiis. and iiererrnihesr '¦ th«
ekact" airibuiijt 'of' the'; .alleged- defalck
ti*i>ns..i^ ihe;. ; department- durijlgi-. ihe
i^t^}ght:^ea^:-: ; tn- /.first; Tepbft
the;"«x^^>Fh'aTOb ;i '-:' ; callM ,tb -iacicbtint
r^rtitin: 'psibffG : adniinistfators .' : 'wbonY
.thpy : ac<us«3 "of .cphniyihg;- to cheat:
crty:Vou't.""of.' -fees-. regulat->y-:.du'e :In : ; pret
haiing •.'; : <eStatee-= Other - pfebpl-e" ;npt
na'nied w-erealso;jcharg€.d in su^se^Uent
;reports "w-tth'.dupHcif y fl,nti malifea§a.ftCe f
includlpgj Verhoh. S....Xorthrlip^- .who
¦•u'as.in cjiarge. of . th.fr probate: !depart-
Ti>eiit..! f or a uurpb.er' -of -y*ars an.d wlio
his. since. tlecampeii.i'T.hc' present re-"
ppr.t • i3eats - inore specifically wjth
actual . ajleged - pecttLatU)ns : of f^jes,
vhich fotStls a sum 'aggregating In title
ueig-hborhood of $5C,0W. •'; ':'.. '.)¦
• • The HasselJ Audit Company, which
has been. e.xperting during the last year
the records- -of the probate department
of the County Clertt's office under- the
direction .of the Finance Committee of
•the Board of -Supervisors, JfilBd its final
report yesterday with Ihe commi-ttee.
• Supervisors 'Brandejnsteln, "Wilson and
¦LeQghery of the committee /were clos
.cteja" with the experts when " the report
.was submitted. -• The "committee de":
cided not to rn'aRe the report un
tij it. ha;d fully the findings
of the. experts, as several .city officials
and- others are implicated in alleged'
irregularities in . conn'ection- with" the
probate rork of the County Cl.erk l s -ofr
fice. • ..=,'. . ' " -. '¦• "
Finarice: Committed : Delays
• Making- Findings Put)lifc
; ¦ .- Until To-Day, :
• "The; City • Attorney was. asked, for 1 an.
. opinion as: to whether "It is advisable to
'pTOsectite \ appeals . • In; ' the ; actions
.bPcrtight by thfe yaribus. State Hospitals
against the city to refoyer moneys for. I
i?Qe care oi criminal insane' committed
I by: the. Supe^qr- Cburtl . .". •¦• " '. ; -|
j :"'• The. resolution declartpf. the Intention !
I -of: the : Board of Supervi's'ora pd- lower'
¦f-thje grades ;6n : Golden .'Gate.' : a venue at
| -Jcnes. and JLreaT.enwbrth 1 . streets .was
Ijlaid'over untft next . Monday ; after-.
Scion. at 3:30' o'cloplc. "• ; .- ..':'.
;;' .A -protest signed - by- 212 members of
j Ihie ;copgTfsgattoih .attending. St. -.Bonr-'
face Churdh .was filed JK'e low-"
iprJirig of .-"the ;grades on th& ground -that .
;it : ;will.-'dxj/.much : harm-ah4 renfeter-the
Ichlurch.. property, p^'rtiy treele^' ;
¦ The protect of the .Richmond. Prop.-.
£riy- Owners'".. Protective . Association }
against. the -redjicttbn of the widths of
sidewalks onj Citement street, from First
street "to :Teritii avenue was referred .to
the. Street ''^ "Committee. The protest
says that the "so-Gatlled improvement fs
: n.qt desired and- that it would -result in
;disfiigurlng the : street and cause -great
.aiid-rueedlfe'ss. fexpehse t» the city and
.property downers. : "- '• " ' .'". : ;
\nLO^j;EiNi&-.OF- CrBADES." '
• . C;l£y ; Atti>nsey- La'ne" advised the board,
tttat- the. title- of -property it desires to
purchase for; the purpose of extending
East Park street and Richlan'd a.venue*
invested fn'C. L. 'Pattern. '-• :
: -Th'e Sanitary Reduction \y"or'Ks= waS
grjanted. -a" permit to .erect a 1500-gaMoh"
.qiJLta'nk : td be,. used in. connection With
sC..srjo.oHf.&. corisunier on ifs .premis'es" on
lihpde' Island '. street.' *" ¦ .
...The Jieard of'.^Vprks.was authorized
to're-pstVe- vr{th : asphilV the -roadway of
New iMontgomery. street • fr6m Market
to; Mission. a't. : a/cpst of .$13,560." . -. • .
¦ ¦Tiie, roadway : .of Tn-enti^th.stre-et, be
t\ye£ri "F^ori&a awl Bryant, was fully,
ade'eptea* " . : .-.-.; ¦¦¦ ' ¦' •' ••• .- •...""
•:tFhe contract if bir. Rfin.ti.ng- 1700. copies
ofi the ; 'city iordinances- was
a^'ardf d;to the Hies|-er 'JPrin.tl'ng'. Coni-
PiSnjv, :.";] .-'•• •>.: : " ••;¦• -" ; '
SIDEWA1LK REDUCTIONS.
The ordinance ordering the construc
tion of a sewer in" Thirty-seventh' a"ve
nue and a ro.adway leading to the new
¦pesthOuse site and also the grading of
a. : portkm of the site at a total cost of
$11^506 -was' passed to 'print. . "
The. Board of -Supervisors yesterday
indefinitely postponed th'e proposed or
dinance extending the limits within
which it is unlawful to keep more than
two cows so as to include the Univer
sity Mound .and Bay View -districts.
The Health Committee reported that
a': poll of residents* -in the districts
named who- would be direotly affected
by the extension had resulted in. a vote
of three" agoJhijt and one in favor of
the. passage, -of the ordinance-- Henry
Tessmer- addressed the board and de
clared. tha.t:the limits should be ex
tended, as roaminfe tattle were a nui
srfnee. that should 1 be abated: Super
visors Comte, . d'Ahcona and Wilson
veited against the' indefinite postpone
ment of "the ordinance.
"It is my intention," said Mayor
Schmitz, after the meeting,' "to have a
friendly suit instituted by some tax
payer yet to be selected to j-estrain the
Board of Supervisors from taking any
action looking to the Issuance of the
bonds. This taxpa'yer will assume that
action will be taken by the board upon
my recommendation. A demurrer will
be interposed on the part of the city,
which will probably be denfed, and an
appeal wiirbe immediately taken to
the Supreme Court for an early.decis
ion. • I do not wish to criticize the City
Att6rney, who was my late opponent,
but more than a. month has passed
since the board' requested. -hfs. ppinlon
as to the steps necessary to be taken
to determine the validity .of. the' bond
issue, and nothing- has yet been 'done in
the 'matter. " .• '. ¦'¦.
The Mayor's communication was
then referred to the Committee on Pub
lic Utilities.
SUGGESTS FRIENDLY SUIT.
"That was a month ago," replied the
Mayor, "and" nothing has been done
yet. I think this board should take
Immediate action, as I am having pre
pared the necessary papers -for the
bringing of proceedings to have a de-,
cision on the legality of the bonds, in
order that their sale may .be consum
mated at an early date."
"In .the expectation that there will
be a derriand for the bonds," said the
Mayor, "I feel that something should
be done to hasten their issuance."
Braunhart produced a copy of a reso
lution asking, the City Attorney to
bring the bond issue before the Su
preme Court to determine its validity
and thought no further action should
be taken until the City Attorney had
been heard from. . • . -
Mayor Schmitz explained that he did
not desire to reflect on the board by
suggesting that action be taken, but he
thought the matter should be hurried
a little.
Owing to the probability, that prospective pur
chasers will require a. judicial determination of
the validity of the bonds to be issued some
delay will in any event intervene, and It would
ssem the part of wisdom, as- well as of duty,
to proceed at once with the preliminaries neces
sary to the issue thereof in order that their
proceeds may within some reasonable period
become available for the purposes to which
they are to be devoted. I respectfully suggest
that we assume all proceedings thus far had to
be valid and order the Immediate Issue of the
bonds. . . j
URGES IMMEDIATE ISSUE.
Mayor Schmitz sent a communication
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors
In which he urged the immediate is
suance bf the bonds for public improve
ments, for which the_ people voted at
an election last September. The Mayor
wishes their legality established by the
courts as soon as possible. The com
munication follows:
Gentlemen — The people of this city having
recently decided by an overwhelming vote In
favor of a bond Issue for various important
municipal purposes, respectfully call your at
tention to the propriety of taking- immediate
steps toward the issuance of such bends, which,
under the provisions of the charter, must be
Issued under your direction and authority.
A; requesting the street
railway companies to permit the police
patrol drivers ;to ride free on their cars
was adopted tip. Comte's motion.
The North Central Improvement As
sociation and !the Manufacturers' and
Producers' . Association . filed protests
with the board against the petition for
the revocation of spur track privileges
on Filbert street'. The protestants.say
that, the fact that it is possible to ob
tain such privileges has encouraged the
Location of manufactories and business
enterprises in this city employing some
2000 hands and spur tracks in the com
mercial' part of the city are indispen
sable for the proper .transaction of busi
ness ori a large scale. \The board is re
quested to # favor the laying of such
tracks unless : they seriously interfere
with' the traveling public. ; ''§%¦'&
. A resolution iwas adopted Inviting the
hewly elected Supervisors to be present
fit the future sessions bf -the board in
order to familiarize themselves with
ihe' city's -business. • . '
The board adopted a. resolution de
claring that no damages have 'been
claimed- as -resulting from changing
grades on' Chestnut street, between
Hyde and Lafkin-, and on Hyde street,
between Chestnut • and Francisco, and
that ;no expense has been incurred in
making' the change of grade, except the
cost' of examination) preparation of
maps, making: of estimates of cost and
•publication of notices.
Emery said it was" impossible to flg
•ure the exact .cost, as it depended on
the United States Marine Hospital Ser
vice, -R-hich lays out the work and
which had extended the area to be
c'lean'ed so as to include the. Latin dis
trict. •• :'•'
The. Board of Supervisors yesterday
referred to the Health Committee a
proposed ordinance appropriating an
additional sum of $2000 out of the
'urgent necessity fund to prosecute the
work of cleaning the Chinatown dis
trict. Action was taken on motion of
Supervisor d'Ancona, who held that
the Board of -Health should present a
detailed statement .of its expenditures
for cleaning Chinatown before any fur
ther sums were appropriated for the
purpose.
Secretary Emery of the Health Board
said that the additional appropriation
was absolutely necessary.
Mayor Schmltz asked Emery if he
had not said when the last $5000 was
appropriated for the purpose that it
would suffice to complete the work of
cleaning Chinatown. Emery said he
had. but the additional money was
necessary to tear down unsanitary
buildings and because the district to
be cleansed had been extended by the
Federal officials.
'•'I would like to know just how much
money Will be required to finish, the
work," said the Mayor, "under our
agreement with the State and Federal
authorities." • • • " ' . •
The general executive committee In
connection with the forthcoming mis
sionary convention met at the Metho
dist Book Concern building yesterday.
Full particulars of the convention ap
peared in The Call last Tuesday. Mat
ters in connection with the reception of
the delegates next April were consid
ered and progress was made in the for
mulation of plans.' Those in. attendance
at the meeting were Dr. W. S. Mathew,
Dr. C.W. Evans, the Rev. J. H. N.
.Williams,. the Rev. Owen Hotle and the
Rev. George B. Smyth.
. Arrangements had been made, to hold
a" series of meetings tinder the leader
ship of :G. Campbell Morgan, who in a
.measure was considered the successor
to the- late. Dwight L.; Moody'. . .
According, to the report various ad
•dres'ses had been given.. -at the Univer
sity of California under the auspices of
'the. federation. \ .-. '•
DENOMUfATIOirAL HABMONY.
During th'e meetfng a committee on
Interdenominational comity was ro
cruested to formulate a working plan
for harmonizing work. of various co
operating denominations, particularly
in overcrowded fields. The matter will'
be taken up at a meeting to. be held
later. .
The annual election of officers was
held. with the following results:
President, Professor C, S. Nash. D.X>., Berke
ley; first -vice president. D. Edward Collins,
Oakland: second vice president, J. H. Stevens;
secretary Rev E P Dennett, Alameda; treas
urer' Rev. J 'C. Wooten. Berkeley; chairman
on - fellftlous census. Rev. B. H. Avery. D.D.,
Oakland; on evangelization. Rev. E. P. Den
nett; missionary comity. Rev. J. K. McLean.
D D Berkeley; reform mo\-ements. Rev. T. F.
Burn'ham Vajlejo: religious work In univer
sities J>r'ofe.slor Hiram Van Kirk; promotion
and publicity. Professor Nash: committee on
inter-denominational comity — Dr. J. K. Mc-
Lean Congregationalism thalrman: Dr. J. N.
Beard Methodist; Rev. T. F. Burnham. Pres
byterian-Rev J. E. Moore. Methodist Episco
pal Church South: Rev. E. R. Bennett, Baptist,
and Rev Mr McColluch. Disciples.
Executive board — President. Professor C. S.
Nash; secretary. Rev. E. P. Dennett; treasurer.
Rev J C Wooten; representatives of different
denominations on executive board— Rev.
Thomaa Baldwin. D.D.. Baptist^ Dr J. K.
McLean and Thomas Addison. M. D., Con
«re*ational: Professor Hiram Van Kirk. Dls
flples7 Bev. J. N. Beard, D.D.. and Hon. T. B.
Hutchinson Metho/llst Episcopal; Rev. R.
Nunn and Hon. W. H. Waste. Methodist Epis
copal South-; Rev. t. F. .Burnham. Presby
terian.
Several " vacancies were left to be
filled.
The second annual hiee'ting of the
Federation of Churches and Christian
"Work of Northern and Central Caliror-_
nia was' held -yesterday in • .Epworth.
.League Hall. • • '• ~
- The movement -Mad its ihcjeptlpn irt
the Federation of Free (absenting).
Churches in Great- Britain, and the na T
tional federation in the United, States
is comp.os'ed of representatives irom'the.
largest States in- the -East. .The Cali
fornia Federation-is but a '.recent, addi
tion- Professor C. S. Nash, Dl J>.,'.pt
Berkeley presided. • . . . . " •
Statements of worK * accqmpCshed
durjhg .the Jast. year showed that lbcal
federations had been organized in Ala
rn^da and Berkeley- and that sltepS had
been taken to organise a- j-ederaJtiOn in
the Mission arid Western Addition ;of
this cUyt ' • ':
The report'- also -showed that, three
•union ministerial meetings -had. taken
place in- the "auditorium of the Youilg
Men's Christian Association during the
year, which w'ere on each occasion at
¦ tended by all the eva'pgelical organiza
tions in San Francisco, and vicinity.
ing of the presbytery. .-• / . ' '
CHTTRCH FEBEJtATjqiT.
•Civilization, he- held, was due. d'ractl>
to .the influence of Jes,us. If e. was .the
absolute teacher. He. taught, as the es'
sence of religion, that love- to God and
love toward, man was the first and final;
duty of mankind. ' • „ • i -.
Owing to- the success that attended
the; union mee'ting o'{ the ; clergy- the
Rev. T. F.- Bujrirham F.ropqsed the fol
lowing resolution, wh.ich was adopted:
"That the presidents of the several
ministerial association's "be . made __ a
committee^to arrange for union meet-
Ings of the associations whenever there,
is a fifth Monday in the mojitM."
The affair3 of the JEureka Valley Sun-,
day-school, Eighteenth street', wer?
considered at a special meeting of the
pVesbytery yesterday. •• ' ' :. •.
The subject under discussion and- de
liberation was -the establishment bf a
new church in Eureka Valley to' "be de
veloped out of the • Sunday-school',
which, for some time, -has bee,'n .estab
lished in the district. • -.-. .
The matter was referred to the home
mission committee, which Is to report
to the finance Committee, wlrich" Body
will report back t6 the December meet-
DUTY OT MANKIND.
•The professor's subject was "Jesus
and the Time Spirit," in which he .held
that in the religious and moral sphere
Jesus was the absolute and moral
teacher. In other spheres, said Profes
sor Day, -Jesus exercised- a guidjng and
deeply inspiring influence, but left
mankind free .to investigate. This was
an age, he said, in which there was.no
disposition 'to shrink from taking hold
of the profoundest subject and giving
expression to conclusions in the most
modern forn*. Redefinition and • relh
vestlgation were no exception, because"
men insiste'd in. defining for themsQlves :
the terms used in the vocabulary of to
day, while, too,'. there was* a disposition
to even re-edit -text books according to
the light of the day in which- we ljv.e.' •
: For over an hour the assembled cler
gymen listened to a' profound and in
teresting extemporaneous address by
Professor Thomas F. Day of the Pres
byterian Theological Seminary of San.
Anseimo.
There was a large representation of
the ministers of various evangelical
bodies at the union meeting of clergy
at the Presbyterian. Home Mission.
Sacramento street,, yesterday.* There
were pastors from the Congregational
church, Baptist church, Presbyterian
church and the Methodist Episcopal
church. The Rev. Mr. McElhinny pre
sided.
..The seventh annual exhibition ot
paintings by the artist, members ot the.
Bohemian Club will be held In the jinks
room from Monday, December 7, until
Wednesday, December £3, inclusive- Oh
the opening day members only will.be..
privileged to view the pictures.
.The .ladles will be tendered a recep- .
tlon Tuesday evening:, . December 8,
from 8 to 11, admitting: them not only.
.to the Jinks room but also gjvl'ng them,
•the. freedom of the : second floor.' '. * 1 "'.
• . The public (including ladies) will- be
admitted to the jinks room only.-'wher©
the exhibition of pictures will be- held^y
upon presentation of cards fssjled. by %
members-ron Saturday, Decem-ber 1-.'
from '2 until 5 p'. m."; on Tuesday, De
cember 15, from 2 until 5 p. m,; on.
Friday, December; 18,. -from 2 ..until 5
p.. "m., and on Wednesday,- December ¦
23, from 2 frntil 5 p. m., and 8 p. m. un--
Mi 11 p. m. ¦-:'-• ••--" /'
After a;: thirty years' residence in'
Ban." Frartcisco;. CI Dormoh Kbblnsoiv
one' of the. foremost ..marine artists' -of j
tile- United' .State's,' witt h.oid hla- first.
' sate qf' pictures on fVidayv December..''*'.'
;at...ll':a.'.jn': The pictures ¦ frcnl, the,'
-studl? •oflthis.weJL known" artist miyV.
..t>e viewed? at.-- 2 Sutter street, . The", cot-""
'lection-embraces the original :' study..
; from w.hfcfr. Rpbinson's painting of the ;
."Battle' cf! Manila 'Bay 1 ' was* execti ted. v
•The -catai'ogue 1 - contains this reference.
.'tO' another' "picture: --"The Grand &'en'~
tiiiel;" Kings- Jiiver -canyon.." This-piq
.¦.tar"Q. was:. originally- "ccrrnmfssion.ed by
tb'e " Jate Mrs, j Kate . : irqhjison'; but she
dying before. its cdmpfetion^it .was left
tipon the artist's '.hands." -This'ts'. the |
1 ortly.; pain-ting *>l -this stupendous; miss''
that'; has' "ever/been". " painted j directly
ffoT(\ nature." • ' ."• •...;""- . '![ '.'•.• '•..*
Monterey; Bay, Mount Shasta," the-'en- '
I -VLrons . of : San ; Francisco and other! 'In-
L ter'e.3ting ''places ! ' are' - : represented by »
.stutffea from ".nature." ."•'. ';.. „";. JQ
Gay Crowd df Highlanders
Feasts.to Lively Music
of Bagpipes.! > !
Commercial Bodies Protest
Against Revoking Spur
Track Permits.
Requests .Board of Supervi
• sors to Take Immedi-.
ate Action.
Marine Artist C:"D. Robinson
. •.. Contemplates a Sale ..• /..
. of Paintings.
£>t. Boniface Church Opposes
' Lowering of Grades on .
: : Golden Gate Avenue.
Steps to Unite in Church
; . Work Are Steadily
Advancing.
Give particulars of Mal
• feasance in Probate
: Department. ' : :
Celebration in .'Honor of
Patron Saint Held by
Scottish Club. r i
Mayor to Have 'Its- Va
lidity Determined by
Supreme Court.
Supervisors. Indefinitely
Postpone" Proposed
Ordinance.
Monday Next Is JDesig-.
nated.* as Opening' .
Day Df Show. .;..;. ¦
Clergy of Different Sects
Mingle at Religious .
Meeting. :•
Health Board to Give
Figures on Cleaning
of Ghinatown.^-3
EXPERTS FILE
THEIR REPORT
SAINT ANDREW'S
SOCIETY DINES
DENY EXTENSION
OF COW LIMITS
MEN OF VARIOUS
CREEDS CONFER
WANTS THE BOND
ISSUE HASTENED
MUST SPECIFY
EXPESDITURES
BOHEMIAN CLUB
PICTURE EXHIBIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'; TUESDAY, . PECE^IBER 1, 19Q3.
Wedding cake boxes, wedding stationery. Ed
ward S. Kiuwlu. 24 Second at.. Main 699. •
The overworked Eye, the.; faded Eye.
the', red and inflamed Eye. the Eye that
.needs care, relieved. by Murlne Eye Rem
edy. At air druggists'. •
SHAMOKIN. Pa., Nov. 30.— The Centralla
and Mount ' Carmel colliery, belonging to the
Lehtgh Coal r Company, closed to-nljrht for -an
Indefinite period, throwing 2500 men and boys
oilt ' ttf - employment." " * _
14
AIJVERTISEMENT3.
" "^
>¦: Pizino pcrfccGon is reached J
and maintained in the |
world's premier piano : : .: §
I ..PIANQ.; i
I For eighty years it has I
\ represented the highest 1
| ideal in piano making. It 1
I is the one True Best : : : : I
IBenj.Cl!FtaZ&SonJ
sole aosxtts a
i 16 OTAESELD STREET, S. P. 2[
¦ San Jose. Fresno, 'Alajneda. Stockton. ¦
i . ¦¦¦} ADVEBTIS^aiEJfTS. ' •
C^2V<^ : N c h 6 o s i rig
';¦• :,. (^2f F P R'ni lure
I A (^*ty y -^ s r ! e
•..;.. [ : {.\^d-> ./shoiild • • be j to %
['; . l^JJ j ic.o ;rii\b: i iti e •"•
; i:";' I.'. Strength and'dar-'".
• .-• :\ -•, ability with grjate'-j
," :: " / .-and beaiaty;'-" Oiir *.
\ ' ; '• ' collection . i c~ o" 'h'---
Iv;; :-' t^Ins. many rar^:-
."••'./• and valued. -mod- '.-.'
•' • els, each ;d!stin- ' ;
••;- : "- , guished by super- •'
; /:•:; ; lor craftmanship. •
¦ •-. I and artistic inrdi* ¦ •¦
i •.• ' Anun*
; ' \ : . ' usiaaSSy rich amid. : '
• :": !' ; widely, varied dis*'' ;
¦-¦.;.- ¦ pJay of furniture
; _.-• . novelties- ; appro-. '.-
: -.-• • pfiate.: for" gifts*
[ ; -: " may now 'be seen.,
. : at * our S how •
KOO3THS,
I
¦r. MARKET ST.
opp. llearxiy .'. v^
Coal ReductiohJ
American Cannel |
Sold by All Reliable, Dealers'. I.
•ft^gSS^ff MENANDWOMElt.
<^^KSytCBEs^t€i Cie Bljt Ofornnn»tnr»l
£$*Wl* 1 «• * dir^vl dl«ch»rge»,ina»a»ajationi.
EtiSf Oauftoued li irritation! or nlceratioaj
? 4ibjr nt to tutetare. of noconi niembr»n*f.
rr»«»t» C»«Ufi»». PalaUei, and not aitria*
tfTa ITHE ETAHS C»i VICAl C3. g«at or poisoaoui.
»«fl»\ CISCIINlTLO.^sd ««I«t by DranlsU.
V^ak. C.9.i. JLzk cr Mnt In P laia »r»pT«f,
jg?n. eTprenn. .prepaid, lot
¦^CBHQEraffi^Vg tl.OO. or 3 bottict (2.75.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists Mallei
. -ott Application. .
FRESH AHH SALT MT.ATS.
IIS 'RflYFS & CO Sh U>P«nK Butcher*. K>*
JAJ. DU ICJ tt.VV. clay. T«L Mala 1C^>.
; oils. • ~"
LUBlflCATINO OILS: LEONARD & ELLIi
41S Front »t.. 8. F. Phgna Main 171X
puismiycj". •
LC. HUGHES. .us^S^^,.
' .'.••. ' ' ADVjERTTSEIEENTS. ';..- ; .
FORCED JO SELL
y ! 'C;' r . •"'•'JIT'';"''- ;';:,' ¦: ;
fORCED PRICES
HIST
I IN THIS CITY SOLD AT GREATLY
REDUCED
PRICES...
. AT THE
CREDITORS' SALE
[(AST'S SHOES
104-110 GEARY STREET
" If you are In the habit of wear- .
ins $3.50 shoes you can buy a
$6.00 shoe for the same money
by buying here.
S. WOLFF, Receiver