Van der Velde, whose inanimate
form was discovered on the sar.d dunes
near the ocean boulevard Sunday, If what
the Dutch nobleman told his friend,
Abran Binnewcjt of Oakland, was true.
Here is what the Oaklander asserts Van
der Velde told him durine: the month
that Blnnewee assisted the stranded
Count of the Netherlands:
/T was a likeness of the beautiful
and notorious Princess ds Chimay
that was found .estled close to the
stilled heart cf Count Van Asperen
Mooney money have made frequent visits
to Jones' office in the Parrott building
with a view of learning his whereabouts,
but their questions hava met with the
indefinite reply that he was expected
home any day. Two weeks ago It was
said that he would return in another
week and at the expiration of that time
his friends begged for further time, ex
plaining that hs had not been heard
from but would surely be back In a few
days. He is still absent, however, and
his wife seems as much worried over his
present whereabouts as those who are
concerned In the affairs of the Mooney
estate. One of Jones' friends said yes
terday that the lawyer had been acting
strangely for some time prior to his de
parture and had complained of not being
able to sleep at night.
SPENDS MONEY RECKLESSLY.
Jones appeared haggard and worried
and was in the habit of absenting himself
from his office for days at a time. In re
gard to this statement it was said at his
office yesterday that it was not unusual
for him to disappear for days and the
fact was cited that some time ago he left
his otrice one afternoon and the next
that was heard from, him was in the
shape of a telegram dated Chicago.
When he finally returned to the city he
said he had been on a train that was
stalled in the floods in Kansas City and
that be had been confined in a hospital
Hu Jones' Absence and Disappearance of $12,000 from
Banks Lead to an Investigation by Judge Coffey
\ and the Prompt Removal of an Administratrix
LAWYER GONE AMD THE FUNDS
OF MOONEY ESTATE MISSING
WELL-KNOWN ATTORNEY WHO DEPARTED SIMULTANEOUSLY
WITH DISAPPEARANCE OF FUNDS OF AN ESTATE HE REPRE
SENTED, AND JUDGE WHO HAS ORDERED AN INVESTIGATION.
Continued on ; Page 8, Column 3.
DAWSON, Aug. 15, via Seattle. Wash.,
Aug. 24.— The Yukon will have a better
mall service hereafter than ever before in
Its history. The Canadian Government
has contracted to have 2100 pounds of let
ters, magazines and papers brought in
weekly during the winter. This will in
clude all matter in transit through the
Canadian strip en route to the American
Yukon. •
Better Mail Service for the Yukon.
ROME, Aug. 24.— The peasants around
Rome have Invaded the estates of Princes
Chlgl, Torlonia and Plombino, claiming
the right to cultivate the land and share
in the profits. Soldiers have been sent to
the scene to re-establish 'order.
Claim Made That They Have a
Right to Use the
Land.
PEASANTS NEAR ROME
INVADE PRINCES' ESTATES
NAPLES, Aug. 24.— The slightest in
crease in the activity of Vesuvius contin
ues. The eruption is accompanied by de
tonations, while the streams of lava flow
ing In the direction of Pompeii are still
slowing advancing. Some of the fissures
recently noted have become enlarged and
are assuming the aspect of new craters.
Fissures Recently Noted Have \ Be
come Enlarged and Assumed
Aspect of New Craters.
VESUVIUS CONTINUES
RENEWED ACTIVITY
ROME, Aug. 24.— Bishop Hendricks of
Cebu was received in audience by Pope
Pius X to-day. The Pontiff remembered
that he saw the Bishop just a year ago,
In Venice, on the occasion of the former
visit of Bishop Hendricks to Italy. The
Pontiff added that he knew all the good
the Bishop had done, both as a priest and
a citizen. In the State of New York and
said that he felt sure this would be ex
tended to the Philippines, whose Inhabi
tants he praised, showing knowledge of
their needs.
The Pope presented to Bishop Hendricks
a beautiful cross and sent his new zu
chetto (white cap) to General Benjamin
F. Tracy of New York. Then his Holi
ness received Father Joseph Hendricks,
brother of the Bishop, whom he ap
pointed private chamberlain, a position
bringing with it the title of raonslgnor,
saying:
"I hope you will live long to enjoy It."
Pontiff Presents a Beautiful Cross to
the Recently Appointed
Prelate.
NEW BISHOP OF CEBU
HONORED BY POPE PIUS
Lou Dillon is fourth queen of the turf
since Maud S stepped that famous mile
in 2:08% almost a score of years ago. Su
nol first cut the mark, of Maud.Sto
2:08V4, but • the record was made over a
kite-shaped track. Then came Nancy
Hanks. She- cut- the 'record to -2:07^4 and
in.lS92 trotted a. mile in"2:05>4 over the fast
Independence track. '•¦¦ She did not stop at
that notch, but left the world's record for
mares at. 2:04. Three years later' Allx 'cut
the record, to 2:03%. .This time stood until
a few weeks . ago. Flora Temple as ton-
She was sired by Sidney Dillon, a son
of Sidney, who headed the breeding farm
of the late Count Valensln. As a general
rule, the Sidneys showed speed, but
lacked gameness and stamina. This fall
ing, however, cannot be attributed to the
second generation of the Sidneys. Dolly
Dillon, 2:07, and _ Janice, 2:08^4. are both
daughters of two different sons of Sid
neys. The dam* of Lou Dillon is Lou Mil
ton by Milton Medium, a son of Happy
Medium, the sire of Nancy Hanks,, 2:04.
Lou Dillon is a strictly Callfornian
product, as is also The Abbot. She was
bred by the -late Henry Pierce at his
Santa Rosa Stock Farm.
STRICTLY CALIFORNIAN.
Lou Dillon is now the queen of the
queens of the trotting turf, In a class all
by herself, the first of its kind ever
known— the 2:00 class.
There is fine promise of greater possibil
ities of her work in the very near future.
Even before this great performance Lou
Dillon had already this summer beaten
the best record for mares. 2:0394, held so
long by Allx, and tied the record for geld
ings, 2:0314, made at Terre Haute, Ind.,
September Iff, by The Abbot
A California-bred mare has trotted a
full measured mile in 2:00, thereby cutting
two and one-quarter seconds from the
best previous record, 2:02^4, made August
2, 1901, at Columbus, Ohio, by the speedy
stallion Cresceus.
The ardent hope and aim of. California
breeders from Senator Stanford down has
been realized and the world wonders
thereat.
AN OLD HOPE REALIZED.
there as a result of an attack of malaria.
For a number of months Jones had
been spending his money seemingly In %
reckless manner, a fact which his friend*
noticed. At times he would complain of
being financially cramped, but later
would exhibit funds in plenty, which his
friends thought represented some of the
fees he was earning'. ° It has been claimed
that he recently became Involved In a
mining scheme and lost a lot of money
and another story has gone abroad that
he was a heavy gambler, but this latter
statement is emphatically denied by hla
more Intimate friends.
The Mooney estate, the funds of which
Jones is expected to account for. has
been attracting some attention by reason
of the attempt of Con Mooney and his
brothers to break the will on the ground
that Michael was incompetent at the tlxna
he executed it. Another action has also
been brought by Con Mooney, who claims
half of the estate on the ground that a
partnership existed between Michael and
he for more than thirty years.
The lawyers were on tha eve of com-*
promising these suits last week when the
fact that the funds of the estate were
missing became known. Naturally Con
Mooney and the other relatives, whom
Michael cut off with $1 each In his will,
are eager to locate Jones and carry out
the settlement which was interrupted by
the lawyer's leavetaklng.
Judge Coffey has set the matter down
on his calendar for a special hearing on
Thursday.
Jones, for a number of years, was
prominently identified with a number of
local societies, and particularly with tha
Welsh society. In which he was a hard
worker. He Is a native of Wales and had
a large following among his countrymen
in this city.
EMPEROR WILLIAM NOW
OWNS 54 RESIDENCES
Kaiser Pays $500,000 for Estate, on
Which He Will Build Hunt
ing Castle.
BERLIN, Aug. 24.— Emperor William
has added hi3 fifty-fourth residence to tha
fifty-three he already owns by buying the
estate of Damm-Muehle, called the "Pearl
of Brandenburg," for $300,000. It was
owned by a country squire. Von Mollank.
The present residence will be rebuilt and
will be converted into a hunting castle.
VIENNA, Ang. 24.— It is announced that
It is definitely settled that the Czar will
pay a five days* visit' to Emperor Francis
Joseph here at the end of SeDtexnb**.
Czar to Visit Austria's Ruler.
Probate Court, promptly issued an order
reducing the bond to $4000 and adding the
requirement, as provided by law, that the
moneys of the estate should be at once
withdrawn from the three banks and
forthwith deposited in the California Safe
Deposit Company.
The next day, according to the evidence
in possession of "Judge Coffey. Jones se
cured for Mrs. McNamara a bond In the
sum of $4000 and then had her. as admin
istratrix of the Mooney estate, give him
a power of attorney, with which he pro
ceeded to the three banks and withdrew
$12,000 remaining of the- cash left by
Mooney.
MONEY AND LAWYER MISSING.
It was about this time that Jones dis
appeared from the city and from the day
he left up to a late hour yesterday not a
word had been received .from him or from
any. one who knows where he is. Some
days later the attorneys who are repre
senting an absent heir to the Mooney es
tate had occasion to Inquire into the
stewardship of Mrs. McNamara and for
the first time they learned of the reduc
tion of the .original bond and the subse
quent order for the removal .of the money
from the three original places of deposit.
In issuing this order Judge Sloss had
committed an error, which the inquisitive
attorneys called to the attention of Judge
Coffey, who had returned from his vaca
tion, and he at once Instituted an investi
gation. Fully satisfying himself that ir
regularities had been practiced. Judge
Coffey last Thursday .summoned Mrs. Mc-
Namara before him and thoroughly ques
tioned her regarding her connection with
the reduction of the bond and the removal
of the money from the banks. It was
soon made plain to the Judge that the
woman was blameless of any wrong in
tent, but had, simply acted on the advice
of her attorney, supposing that he would
place ' the funds of the estate in the
vaults of the California Safe Deposit
Company, as ordered by Judge Sloss.
ADMINISTRATRIX REMOVED.
. Judge Coffey, however, decided that
Mrs: McNamara was not equal to the re
sponsibilities of administratrix of the
Mooney estate and promptly suspended
her and Issued an order substituting Jo
seph Haber Jr.,, a son of the well-known
capitalist, as future ' custodian of the
Mooney funds. The banks of the city, so
far as the investigation of the court has
progressed, have no evidence' of cash de
posited by 'Attorney Jones, and this fact,
together with his strange disappearance
from the city, has \ aroused against the
lawyer ,the strongest suspicions, which
the. explanations of his much-surprised
friends and charitably inclined acquain
tances fall to remove..'
' Those Interested in the finding of the
G. Wust, one of the largest creditors,
pushed matters, with the result that
Berry's claims are attached. Ill-luck has
seemed to pursue Frank Berry for years.
His brother Clarence was more fortunate
and has now retired. from active mining.
He spends most of his time at his home in
California.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 2*.— Rich claims
on Last Chance. Quartz. Bear and Domin
ion creeks in the Klondike district, the
property of Frank Berry, formerly" of
Fresno. Cal., and one of the most famous
Klondikers of the early days, are to be
sold by the Sheriff late in August to sat
isfy creditors. According to advices re
ceived to-day from Dawson, Berry went
to the Klondike Just after its discovery
and proceeded to stake out claims on rich
creeks. He secured some valuable claims
on Bonanza, but disposed of these some
time ag-o. Of late luck has been somewhat
against him and he went heavily into
debt.
LUCK TURNS AGAINST
A PIONEER KLONDIKER
Frank Berry's Claims Are to Be Sold
to Satisfy His Clamoring
Creditors.
"I recognized the photograph to-day as
one that Van der Velde had shown me
as a likeness of the Princess de Cfcimay.
Van der Velde gave me to understand
more than once that he had loved the
Princess de Chimay and that his associa
tion with her in Paris had been one of
the delightful Incidents of his life..
LEFT HIM FOR RIGO.
"That was something over six years
ago, if I remember correctly, when the
Count had money and an ambition to
spend it and enjoy life. He said that the
Princess de Chimay had given him up to
consort with the Hungarian Gypsy - mu
rician Rleo. The fact that she did this
did not seem to worry Va-n der Velde'and
if he suffered any par.gs over the separa
tion he did not show the effects while I !
knew him.
; "He seemed to take great pride in tell
ing that he had once been the favorite
cf Princess de Chimay, for the reason, I
think, that he considered it brought noto
riety to him. He never told me any more
concerning his relations with this beau
tiful and fickle American girl who played
havoc with several of the royal families
of Europe.
COLLECTING FOR FUNERAL.
"I am taking up a collection to defray
the expenses of interring Van dcr Velde's
body and have already secure 1 ! about $45.
One of the contributors to the funeral
As a child Clara Ward was taken by
her mother to London for schooling, but
was dismissed In disgrace from the semi
nary. She "was removed to Paris and
among the many escapades of her school
girl days was her disappearance, which
eet the detective force of the Frenc. capi
tal nearly crazy for ten days. She was
finally located In the garret of. a student
in the quarter and restored to her mother.
Some years later she met at Nice the
Prince de Chimay and a hasty marriage
HER ERRATIC CAREER.
Princess de Chimay, whose favors the
dead Netherlands' nobleman claimed to
have enjoyed, for ten years was the most
notorious woman in Europe. She was
born Clara Ward of Detroit, daughter of
a lumberman, who left behind him an
Immense fortune, a disreputable memory
and a progeny, all of whom attained more
or less notoriety.
fund is George G. J. Marsily, the Consul
of the Netherlands in San Francisco. I
have arranged to have the remains
brought to Oakland to-morrow and the
burial, which is to be in Mountain View
Cemetery, will take place probably Fri
day morning:. I have not notified Van
der Velde's relations, as the Dutch Con
sul In San Francisco has taken that duty
upon himself. Van der Velde has a
wealthy brother In Australia and a sister
in Amsterdam."
It seems that Mrs.. McNamara, upon
being appointed administratrix,, of the
Mooney estate, did ( not immediately fur
nish the required $30,000 bond as provided
by law. A few days later, however, her
attorney, on her behalf, appeared before
Judge Sloss, who was sitting in the Pro
bate Court while Judge Coffey was away
on his vacation, and petitioned the court
to reduce his client's bond on the ground
that the original one Tvas burdensome for
a woman of her.means and wholly un
reasonable in a case involving the amount
of money represented in the Mooney es
tate.: ;' . .......
Judge Sloss. regarding the petition. In
the" light of an ordinary "practice < of the
JONES MAKES BAD MOVE.
,A Mrs. Boyd was named as executrix
of the will, but before' she could enter
upon her,, duties she died and eventually
the estate passed to the control of Mrs.
Ann McNamara, who was appointed ad
ministratrix, and her bond fixed at $30,000.
Mrs. McNamara secured as her legal rep
resentative Hu Jones, and from the ' day
she appointed him, according to her
statement made to Judge Coffey, until
about three weeks ago, when she was in
formed of his disappearance, she was
guided wholly by. his suggestions, for. as
ghe has explained, she was ignorant- of
the methods of procedure in legal matters
and had to trust In her lawyer. .
Michael Mooney died in 1900 leaving an
estate consisting of 514,000 in cash, which
was deposited in three banks, the Hiber
nia Savings & Loan, San Francisco Sav
ings Union and Columbian Banking Com
pany. This money Mooney bequeathed to
a daughter, -Mrs. Mary Dolan of Phila
delphia, leaving. his sisters and brothers,
among them Mrs. Ann McNamara of 1404
Golden Gate avenue and Con Mooney,
each $1.
Judge Coffey has started an investiga
tion, the results of which will be pre
sented to him on Thursday morning, when
he will call for an accounting for all mon
eys belonging to the Mooney estate and
duly install a new' administrator In the
matter.
Jones left the city rather mysteriously
about three weeks ago. It is claimed by
those attached to his offices in the Par
rott building that he is in the vicinity of
Santa Barbara, trying to recuperate after
a long spell of sickness. But those who
have furnished this information are un
able to give his correct address and his
wife also appears to be living in igno
rance of his exact whereabouts. Imme
diately after the lawyer left the city the
startling discovery was made that funds,
amounting to $12,000, representing the bulk
of the estate left by the late Michael
Mooney, a brother of the well-known Con
Mooney, had disappeared, and a hurried
investigation developed the fact that the
money had been drawn out of three banks
by Hu Jones. From the time the cashiers
of the respective banks turned the cash
over to Jonea no trace of the coin can be
obtained, a fact that leaves an inference
most damaging against the lawyer.
ORDERS INVESTIGATION.
and his associate practitioners
reposed the greatest trust during his long
career before the bar, is among the miss
ing. His disappearance has been attended
by ugly stories concerning his alleged mis
use of funds belonging to an estate and is
now followed by ' revelations that have
caused Judge Coffey of the Probate Court
to take such steps as will soon determine
the basis of the charges against the miss
ing lawyer.
' o «p U.JONES,', one of the- .best
-it^fiT. known attorneys law:lri;the'
• M M city and one in whom the
A Jk Judges of the Superior Court
giant column of sulphurous smoke and
steam, much the same as before the great
rock slide temporarily clogged Its throat.
To all appearances the stony debris that
piled into the crater melted or sank away
and made' way for the heated vapors.
Since the-flrst big rock Blide there have
been numerous smaller cave-ins, causing
almost continuous rattling ot» fating
stones. This, however, Is not an unusual
feature of the big crater, as visitors to
the brink nearly always say that one of
the most exquisitely appalling phases of
the spectacle is the grating and sliding
of the graye! and stones down the walls.
HONOLULU, Aug. 18.— The crater at
Kiluea is again sending up its customary
Rocky Debris That for a Time Choked
the Volcano Has Disap
peared. ;
CRATER OF XIL AUE A
IS AGAIN SMOKING
The autopsy on the body of Van der
Velde, held yesterday by Dr. Bacigalupl,
showed that the deceased came to his
death from valvular disease of the heart.
As a precaution the stomach was sent to
the City Chemist and the inquest will be
deferred until his report is obtained.
Abram Binneweg of Oakland was the
only one of the dead man's friends to
manifest any interest in him after death.
It is stated that Van der Velde. after
pouring out a fortune at Monte Carlo and
in Paris, lost $150,000 in an investment in
a ranch in Alabama and in a race horse
named The Grafter in Australia. That
was six years ago, and it marked the be
ginning of his financial ruin. -
Money flowed through his" fingers like
dry sand, and he became, so irresponsible
financially that his relatives were obliged
to refuse any more advances for his ben
efit. .,-....,.. - ... -
'After this the Princess returned to
Paris, where her marvelous beauty, her
magnificent, wicked, eyes, her marble-like
skin and superb figure were the envy of
all the gay wo^nen of Paris. Tiring of
her hilarious life she began to haunt the
cafes and it may have been possible that
at this period she met Van der Velde.
Her Intimacy with him must have been
short, as 6he soon fell a victim to the
charms of Rigo, the Hungarian gypsy
violinist, who charmed away the vagrant
heart of the erratic girl with the wild,
romantic melodies of his nomadic race.
Her relations with Rigo became notori
ous and finally they eloped to Hungary,
while the complaisant Prince secured a
divorce In Paris. For years the couple led
a wandering life of erratic splendor, be
ing enabled to indulge their tastes for ex
cesses by the immense fortune of the
Princess. Finally they were married and
at last reports were living in Paris.
DIED OF HEART DISEASE.
MAY HAVE MET COUNT.
was arranged between them. He took his
bride to the Belgian court, where she
was the central figure in a tragedy that
shocked three continents. One morning
the heir apparent to the Belgian throne
was found murdered. As usual the Conti
nental press was muzzled. Many sup
posed that Prince de Chlmay had avenged
the wrong to his honor, but later it was
generally accepted that the heir apparent
had met death at the hands of a
rival.
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO JILTED
COUNT VAN DER VELDE FOR
THE GYPSY RIGO.
To the amazement of all the quarter
was driven in 29 seconds, thus making
the mile in the wonderful time of two
minutes. When Sanders jogged the mare
back to the wire, those who had wit
nessed the performance leaped to their
feet and sent forth cheer after cheer.
Lou Dillon apparently was as fresh as
though she had only been out for a jog
ging exercise.
Sanders said he fully believed that be
fore the season closes he will drive the
mare in 1:59 or better.
With two runners to encourage her Lou
Dillon fairly flew down the stretch. Only
once did she falter, at the short distance
stand, but when Sanders flicked hoc
lightly with the whip she came on again
with a wonderful rally and shot under
the wire.
FRESH AFTER TRIUMPH.
"Doc" Tanner, who drove the runner,
Peggy From Paris, kept the latter a
length and a half in front 1 of Billings'
great trotter up the back stretch. The
half was reached in 1:00%. Fast as the
clip was the mare increased' her speed
in the next eighth and at the five fur
long post had drawn up so close to the
pacemaker that Tanner ha £ to drive the
runner in downright '¦¦parneSst to" keep out
of, the way of the flying: "trotter that was
chasing her: .
J The three-quarter pole was passed In
i:3L Apparently this gave the mare a
chance to beat Cresceus' record of 2:0214,
but the two-minute mark seemed beyond
a possibility. Faster and faster came the
mare. In the stretch Scott McCoy
brought up the other pacemaker, Carrie
Nation, who proved very useful in the
record-smashing business.
BOSTON, Mass., Aug.- 24.— The two
minute trotter is here. ; Lou Dillon, the
marvelous little California chestnut mare,
three months ago unknown to fame. Is
now the acknowledged queen of the turf.
Before the largest crowd ever assembled
on the opening day of the Readville
Grand Circuit meeting, she not only ac
complished'the task set' for her— that of
beating her own record of 2:02%, but
dethroned the mighty ;*Cresceus, 2:02^4,
and reached the coveted two-minute mark
at one bound.
So deceiving is the gait'.. of the little
chestnut mare that many persons be
lieved she was being slowed up on the
turn and snapped back their watches,
much to their subsequent disgust. While
thousands of watches snapped on the
flying mare at the quarter and the word
was passed round that the time was 39%
seconds, it was seen that she was going
at a clip that would accomplish all that
was expected of her.
RUNNER KEPT BUSY.
Special Dispatch to; The Call,
Immense Crowd Witnesses
the Achievement of the
Rare Animal.
Great Performance at
the ReaSville
Tracks
Peerless California
Mare Queen of
the Tiirfi
Photograph Found on Body of the Dutch Nobleman
Is a Likeness of the Fascinating but Wayward
Princess Who Eloped With Gypsy Musician Qigo
TWO-MIMUTE
TROTTER IS
LOU DILLON
COUNT VAN DER VELDE LOVED
THE BEAUTIFUL DE CHIMAY
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
VOLUME XCIT— NO. 86.PALACE OP THE SULTAN AT CON
STANTINOPLE AND VIEW OF
THE PARK.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 21.— Los Angeles was
crowded to-day with returning veterans from
the Grand • Army Encampment in San Fran
ciaco. Every -train from the north is heavily
loaded and traffic has been much congested
owing to the volume of travel. It <¦ i» esti
mated that 2000 visitors were in the city to
day. They are being entertained by th« local
Dosts of tbe G. A. IL
TOUNTVILLE, Aug. 24.-A fire broke
out in the rear of W. N. Beard's general
merchandise store this afternoon and de
stroyed the building, entailing a loss of
$1500. The flames spread to an adjoining
building owned by, Charles Glbbs and oc
cupied as a barber shop by G.H.. Blair
and an office by Postmaster W. Fergu
son. The losses of the latter were small.
Yountville Suffers Loss by Fire.
CONSTANTINOPLE,' Auk. 24.-Th4
Italian Embassy has notified the Porte
that it holds it responsible for any In-
Jury which may be done to the Consul
of Italy at Monastir. and demands the
punishment of those who insulted the
Consul recently by calling him a "giaour"
(infidel).
According to Turkish advices, when th©
Turkey Will Be Responsible if a
, •« Consul Is Harmed.
ITALY GIVES WARNING.
. RICHMOND, Va., Aug. 24.-The -strike
of street railway employes here was offi
cially declared off to-day. It had lasted
Just sixty-nine days and is estimated to
have cost the street car, company $124,000;
the strikers, in loss of wages, $50,000; the
State, for troops" to maintain order, $75,
000 and the city, for special police, etc.,
$5000. One man was killed by soldiers,
one motorman was fatally stabbed by
another and scores of persons were more
or less seriously injured.
Richmond Car Strike Is Off.
NEWARK, N. J., Aug. 24.— Judge Klrk
patrick to-day granted an order permit
ting the firm of Robert A. Keasby & Co.
of Xew York to file liens against the
torpedo-boats Nicholson and O'Brien,
which are at present in course of con
struction in the Crescent shipyards at
Ellzabethport. The Hens are for work
done by the firm on the boats. The or
der, however, prevents the firm from at
taching the veaselsf
Liens Against Torpedo-Boats.
VIENNA, Auk. 24.-^The Neue Frel
PreBse's Constantinople correspondent tel
egraphs this morning that a band of Bul
garians has attacked the Turkish town
of Urgas, south of Iniada, on the east
coast of Turkey, and have blown up the
Government buildings with dynamite. It
is reported that 200 persons were killed.
Bulgarians Attack a Turkish Town
and Use Dynamite.
TWO HUNDRED KILLED.
FOND DU LAC, Wis., Aug. 24.— The Chi
cago and Northwestern passenger train
from Chicago was wrecked three miles
south of here at 2 o'clock this morning.
George W. Zuhlke of Fond du Lac was
killed. v Conductor Moy of Chicago ani
thirty passengers were Injured. The en
tire train, express car. baggage car, two
coaches and three sleepers were thrown
down a twenty-foot- embankment.
The injured in all but one or two caaes
received comparatively slight injuries.
Chicago and Northwestern Passenger
Train Is Wrecked Near
Fond du Lac.
ONE KILLED AND THIRTY t:,.v
PASSENGERS INJURED
It Is evident that the mine owners in
tend to force matters and it ia lcatned
that 200 non-union men are. to be sent to
the.YeHow Aster at once. It Is thought,
however, that It will be some time before
operations ean be commenced, as many
repairs will have to be made to put the
mine again in shape. There are said to tie
a number of new cave-ins as a result of
the long shutdown.
RANDSBURG. Aug. 24 —The negotia
tions for the settlement of the miners'
strike which have been on for several
months came to naught. The Desert Mine
Owners' Association, in conference with
President Nelson of the . Minors' Union,
refused to pay more than the old scale,
$3 50 for sinking shafts and $3 for slo
ping and drifting, while the union Insists
upon a straight $3 50 a day for all miners
regardless of the class of work and S3 for
shovelers.
Negotiations for the Settlement of the
Strike at Randsburg Come
to Naught.
MINE OWNERS REFUSE
DEMANDS OF EMPLOYES
A number of prominent Democrats have
put themselves on record 88 opposed to
fusion, while others still adhere to the
policy of joining hands with the Populists
and dividing the ticket. While Mr. Bryan
has not made his posltlqn clear, it Is be
lieved he favors fusion and many rely
on his Influence to secure harmony.
GRAND ISLAND, Nebr., Aug. 24.—In
terest in the Populist State Convention,
"which meets here to-morrow, manifested
Itself to-day in the arrival of a number
of. party leaders, among them former
.Senator William V. Allen. The question
of fusion Is the predominant one and Sen
ator Allen has sounded the keynote of op
position. In a letter written to a Madi
son (Nebr.) newspaper, Mr. • Allen takb.i
exception to Mr. Bryan's stand on tl.e
question and asserts that . the Populist
party must declare its independence. IT*
eays, however, that Judge John J. Sulli
van, Supreme Court, will be renominated
by the Populists. Judge Sullivan is a
Democrat.
braska Mav Unite.
COLUMBUS, Nebr., Aug. 24.— Although
the Democratic State Convention does not
convene until to-morrow evening, intense
interest already prevails, and to-day n
large number of delegates and leaders
had arrived. It Is confidently expected
that Judge Sullivan, at present an 'asso
ciate on the Supreme bench, will be re
nominated. There are also two university
regents to be nominated and over these
places will come the contest should thero
be any.
Democrats and the Populists in Ne-
BRYAN FAVORS FUSION.
BERLIN, Aug. • 24.— The Rheinlsche-
Westphaellche Zeitung publishes a re
port that Finance Minister von Rhcin
baben Is about to retire from the Cabinet.
The news is not confirmed. The Minister
is leaving on a four weeks' leave of ab
sence.
Finance Minister to Retire.
SAN QL'ENTIN, Aug. 24.-J. L. Crow,
who was serving a twenty-five years*
sentence for a murder committed in Trin
ity County, died to-night. Crow was 66
years eld and had served f}ve years and
seven months of his sentence. He had
been in the prison hospital for several
months and died from natural causes.
Dies in San Quentin Prison.
A. C. Cleveland was one of the largest
cattle raisers in the West. He was born
in Maine in 1S39. On attaining manhood
he came to Nevada and engaged In cattle
raising an-1 mining, besides taking an ac
tive interest in politics. He was a mem
ber of the Nevada Legislature ln 1SG9 and
served ln the State Senate from 1870 to
1874. He was a member of the Nevada
Commission which was sent to Washing
ton in 1S71 to settle the Territorial indebt
edness of Nevada. He was a Presidential
elector in 18SS and again ln 1S02 and was a
candidate for the Governorship of Nevada
on the Republican ticket In 13&4. Cleve
land was a delegate to the Republican
National Convention In 1896 and left the
convention with the Silver Republicans.
In 1S9S he was an Independent candidate
for the United States Senate.
RENO. Nev., Aug. 24 <T -A. C. Cleveland
died suddenly Sunday afternoon at his
home near Ely, White Pine County, N*ev.
A. C. Cleveland, One of the Largest
Cattle Raisers in the West,
Dies Near Ely.
DEATH CALLS NOTED
CITIZEN OF NEVADA
Turks May Exterminate the Bulgar
ians in the City.
SALON ICA, European Turkey, Sunday,
Aug. 23.— An insurgent movement is afoot
in the vilayet of Salonlca. It Is feared
that it threatens Vadena (forty-six miles
from here), Salonica and other towns.
Well informed persons here share in the
general disquietude. Large bands are re
ported to have been organised by Alban
ians, who, it is expected, at a given sig
nal may resort to general incendiarism.
The Turkish population Is resolved,
should great disturbances occur, to ex
terminate all the Bulgarians in this city.
Consequently a large number of Bulgar
ian residents are leaving Salonica.
SAL0NICA IS FEABFUL.
Anarchy exists at Losengrad. Fighting
is proceeding everywhere In the neighbor
hood. Insurgent bands have occupied the
strategic points around Malkoternevo.
Eight villages to the north of Losengrad
have been burned by Bashl-Bazouks. The
insurgents attacked two Turkish posts ln
the vicinity of the same town and killed
the entire garrison, consisting of sixty
soldiers and one officer. At Almogic sixty
Insurgents engaged In fighting with 300
Bashl-Baxouks. The result Is not known.
The town of Bunar Uissar has been
burned and a part of the Bulgarian popu
lation was massacred. The rest of the
Bulgarians fled to the mountains.
At Burgas Maju, after eighteen hours*
fighting, the garrison was killed by reb-
The churches were demolished, Hhe
houses sacked and the town is now a heap
of ashes. The populace fled to the hills,
where they are ln a starving condition.
The Dnevenik also asserts that a general
massacre has taken' place ln the whole
vilayet of Monastir. Nearly all the vil
lages have been destroyed. The treacher
ous murder of eighty insurgent prisoners
by their guards has made an especially
bad Impression here. ¦ ,-
ANARCHY AND WAR.
While many of the reports remain with
out confirmation, sufficient authentic de
tails are forthcoming to cause the author
ities the gravest anxiety. According to
the Sofia Dnevenlk, the Turks committed
unspeakable atrocities at Krushevo. The
mutilated corpses of ninety women and
children were found ln one building;
pieces of the bodies had been thrown into
the street. Fifteen of the principal mer
chants of the town were killed and their
heads exhibited on poles at Monastir.
WOMEN AMONG VICTIMS.
SOFIA, Aug. 24.— Travelers who ar
rived here this evening from Adri
anople state that a massacre of
Christians occurred there Sunday.
One version says the guns in one
of the forts opened fire on an insurgent
band, which had attacked a military out
post. A panic followed inside the town
and the Mohammedan population fell upon
the Christians.
With the rumors of massacres and
slaughter of prisoners In Monastir now
authenticated, the general situation is
considered here as fast becoming intoler
able. Official and diplomatic circles alike
are concerned, having every reason to fear
that only a part of the horrors enacted in
the Interior of Macedonia have come to j
light as yet. The revolutionary commit- J
tees are doing their utmost to force the j
hands of the Bulgarian Government, and
the immediate outlook is exceedingly se
rious.
It appears that the Turks have obtained
the upper hand In the vilayet of Monastir
and the insurgents are planning to remove
the center of their activity close to the
Bulgarian frontiers. Dispatches arrived
to-day from the disturbed area are exceed
ingly gloomy. From Adrianople comes
the news of a Turkish defeat and the ex
tension of a revolutionary outbreak, from
Monastir the news of Turkish victories,
accompanied by barbarous excesses.
HAVANA. Aug. 21.— The big consoli
dated cigarette factory, belonging to the
American Tobacco Company and the Eng
lish combine, was totally destroyed by
fire, with Us valuable content/", consisting'
of new cigarette-making machinery and
quantities of tobacco. Nothing was saved
txeept the books and the contents of the
office. The loss is estimated at more than
£30,000, fully insured.
Cigarette Factory Burned.
Following the proclamation of the rev
olution throughout the vilayet of Adrian
ople the insurgents cut all the telegraph
lines connecting the city , of Adrianople
with iho eastern parts of -^the vilayet.
There are unconfirmed rumors here that
fighting and massacres are proceeding in
the streets of Adrianople.
Reports from Monastir, authenticated
by the Russian and Austrian Consuls,
give horrifying details of the massacres
and atrocities. At the village of Armen
sko the Turks destroyed 150 housed out
of a total of 157 and massacred every
man, woman and child. The women were
subjected to the most terrible atrocities
by the soldiers. Eight revolutionists, cap
tured at Krushevo, who were sent in.the
direction of Monastir in chains, were
slaughtered by their guards. The sani
tary conditions of Krushevo are described
as revolting. The dead are lying in the
streets, stripped of every garment, the
Turks even taking: the vestments off the
body of a priest.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 24.— The Turks
are reported to have massacred all the
women -and children in twenty-two vil
lages of the districts of Fiorina and Mon
astir and afterward to have burned the
villages. They are also alleged to have
killed a number of prisoners. The streets
of Krushevo are said to be strewn with
dead and the survivors are afraid to bury
the bodies, fearing to incur the' suspi
cions of the Turks.
COEPSES IN STKEETS.
Additional Reports of the Terrible
Conditions at Krushevo.
el», who also destroyed the garrisons of
Silkllhor and Kalovo. At Kalcunvo the
insurgents killed fifty-seven Turks and fif
teen were killed at Kukolibl. in the vila
yet of Uskub. New outbreaks are re
ported from the vicinity of Kresna, where
serious fighting has occurred.
Christian, Greek and Mussulman refu
gees Miave arrived at the mouth of the
Bosphorus from the neighborhood of
Midia, fearing a massacre there. They
have been sheltered and fed at Anadoll-
Kavak by the authorities.
Insurgents captured Vaslliko they killed
J the garrison, consisting of fifty soldiers
and about 100 of the inhabitants. The
insurgents are now threatening Mldla,
«ixty miles northwest of Constantinople,
and are reported to be attacking the im
portant town of Klrk-Killoseh. thirty-two
i miles from Adrianople.
_SAN JUAN. P. R.. Aur. 24.— The Etfcutlv«
Council haa ordered a committee of three of
Its members to Investigate immediately the>
leper colony scandals and mass their report
at the earliest possible moment. The disclo
sures continue.
Constable Arrests Greek Fisherman
Who Is Wanted in the
Potter Case.
MARTINEZ, Aug. 24.-H. J. Curry.
Coroner of Contra Costa County, Im
paneled a jury to-day to view the re
mains of Fred Potter, whose b< dy was
found floatinc in the bay off the Grangers'
r.'harf Sunday. An iniuest will be held
Wednesday next- Potter is supposed to
have been murdered by a Greek nshennan
named Pansacola on Tuesday last near
Duttons Landing, fi''lano County, and his
bodi 1 thrown overbcard.
Pansacola was arrested to-dav by Con
ttable Jl vie of lit- r.ieia.
SUSPECTED MURDERER
IS CAUGHT AT BENICIA
"1 have heard this morning with the
deepest regret of the death of your 11-'
lustrious father. The people . of the
United States will sincerely sympathize
with those of England In deploring the
loss of the great statesman."
Later in the day It was announced that
Lord Salisbury's funeral will take place
August 31 at Hatfield at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon. The service will be held in St.
Ethelred's Church. The interment will be
beside the body of his wife in the private
burial ground adjoining. The ceremony
will be most private. Simultaneously a
service will be held ln Westminster Ab
bey.
At the funeral services at St. Ethel
red's, at Hatneld, the representatives of
the King and royal family will be seated
ln a private chapel north of the chancel.
The oak casket containing the body now
lies In the death chamber. The brass
plate on the lid is engraved with the dead
statesman's full family name, and his
orders and degrees and the date of his
birth and death. A message was received
at Hatfield House to-day from King Ed
ward, couched in practically the same
terms as the royal tribute published in
the court circular last night.
Embassador Choate to-day telegraphed
the following message to Lord Cranborne
at Hatfield:
HATFIELD. England. Aug. 24.-Lord
Salisbury's coffin has been finally closed.
The servants and family will att as pall
bearers at the funeral, which will be held
at the end of the week, when Lord Ed
ward Cecil, military secretary of the
Egyptian army and fourth son of the de
ceased statesman, shall reach England
from Egypt.
The relatives' and' friend3 of the suicide
are unable to account for the deed. Hib
berd was born at Boulder Creek, but of
late years had lived ln Santa Cruz. His
parents are prostrated by grief.
Hibberd spent the day at "Warner's
Park -and early In the evening visited a
museum with Frank Street of 3 Colusa.
After leaving the museum they visited
several drinking places and finally went
to the Pontlac saloon, where they were
Joined by several friends. Hibberd 0 ap
peared to be in a Jovial mood and bis
friends were taken by surprise »hen hn
suddenly drew a revolver from his pocket,
pressed the muzzle of the weapon to hift
temple and pulled the trigger after ex
claiming "Tell her I" died for her." The
bullet went crashing through Hibberd'a
brain and death was almost instanta
neous.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 24,-Austln Hib
berd, eighteen years of age, committed,
suicide Sunday night by shooting himself
In the head.
Special Dispatch to Tn« Call.
Eighteen- Year-Old Boy
Commits Suicide at
Santa Cruz.
Late Lord Salisbury Will
• Be Buried Next
Monday.
HIS COFFIN LID
FINALLY CLOSED
FIRES BULLET
INTO HIS BRAIN
LONDON, Auk. 21.— Proceedings in the
cape of Whitaker Wright were resumed
to-day. In opening for tue prosecution,
Horace E. Avcry said that Wright, being
managing director of the London and
Globe. British-American and Standard
Exploration companies, used these names
as suited his purpose for Stock Exchange
speculations and engaged wholly in ficti
tious transactions. Counsel added, as evl
deoce. that Wright controlled all the finan
cial operations of the companies, that the
much discussed speech of the late Lord
l>uffcriu at a shareholders' meeting was
written by Wright. Mr. Avory concluded
with saying that the losses of sharehold
ers in the capital of three companies
amounted to $25,000,000 and that of 389,575
shares of -the London & Globe Finance
Corporation originally held by Wright, hd
appeared to possess only 2500 shares at
the time cf the collapse of the concern.
Witnesses were examined in support of
Mr. Avory's contention that Wright
swelled the assets and lowered the lia
bilities of hie companies by paper entries,
transferring items of one company to an
other. Just before shareholders' meetings.
The proceedings were adjourned.
Prosecution Declares That Loss to
Shareholders in One Company
Amounts to $25,000,000.
WHITAKER WRIGHT'S TRIAL
PROGRESSING IN LONDON
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Mich.. Aug. 24. — Detroit wound
up the home series with Eastern teams by
losing a double header to Washington. Every
run scored by Washington In the first game
came on an error. Kissinger practically was
entitled to a ehut out. Foolish base running
of the locals kept their score down. In the
second same Washington never got a hit off
Kltson until the seventh, when a batting rally
put that team ahead, and Detroit could not
regain the lost ground. Attendance 2400.
Scores :
First game — R. II. E.
Detroit ...: 4 8 ft
Washington 6 10 1
Batteries— Kissinger and McGuire; Lee,
Orth and Klttredge.
Second game — . R. h. e.
Detroit 2 8 1
Washington .1 4 I
Batteries — Kit con and Buelow; Wilson and
Drill.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 24. — St. Louis took the
final game from Boston here this afternoon,
making it an even break for the series. Jack
Powell pitched for St. Louts and until he let
up ln the ninth Boston could do nothing with
his curves. Attendance 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 12 2
Boston 1 • 5 2
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Gibson and J.
Stahl.
CLEVELAND, O.. Aug. 24.— Joss shut Phil
adelphia out with one hit to-day, only three
of the visitors reaching second base. Cleve
land's long hits were productive of three runs.
Attendance 6S79. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 IJ~- 3
Philadelphia O 1 2
Batteries— Joss and Bemis; Plank and
Powers. /
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.— The locals were
blanked for five innings, but Owen was hit
freely. In the sixth and seventh the tables
were turned and Wolf was batted for a total
of nine runs. The game was called at the
end of the eighth owing to darkness. Score:
Chicago . 9 13 1
New York 5 10 0
Batteries— Owen and Slattery; Wolfe and
Bevllle.
BOSTON. Aug. 24.-St. Louis defeated Bos
ton to-day, playing: a fast grame in the field
and scoring rung pn mlnplays and scratch
hitting. Burke took part In three.double plays
that killed Boston's chances. Attendance,
1522. Score:"
St. Louis ?• ,"• E n
Boston ...I;;:;;;;;;;*.;;; 4 la 4
*f;f™ tterle T 8 r- B , rown and O'Neill; Malarkey and
Moran. Umpire— Hurst
». ? >, York Nationals played a double header
". '*« Pol ° Grounds to-day.- Babb's three
misplays in the first inning practically gave
the visitors the game. Sattheweon-s good
n < £L^ a! \ t0 . 0 much for th « vlslto" In the
Innings while the home team batted Menefee
freely in the first and, fourth lnnln ff g. driving
him out of the box. Attendance 0000. Score:
First gfime — r» it -p
New Tork , 7 E o
Chicago ::::::::: ? -,J I
D^ a lr t . e . rIeS ~T J ? CG . lnnlty and Earner; Taylor
and Kllng. Umpire — O'Day.
Seeend game— R. H. E.
New York o 10 ft
Chicago ..........'.'.'.'. l « "
Batterle*— Matthew»on and Warner; Menefee
Lundgren. KUng and Raub. Umpire O'Day.
n K i LTN - B -, 24 — Cincinnati defeated
Brooklyn in a well played game to-day Phil
lips 1 and Reldy were the opposito pitchers and
both were batted frequently, but the visitors
«5f e * r hlts ln two ln «lnKS. Attendance
1850. Score: .
Cincinnati ... ?' ?£ \
Brooklyn ...V..Y.Y. 3 8 1
Batteries— Phillips and- Peltz; Reldy and
Jacklituch. Umplres-^Johruitohe and Moran
oJ,7 I i L ; A P ELPHIA " A " g - -24.— Plttsburg and
Philadelphia played eleven Innings to-day with
out result. Leever and Mitchell were in fine
form and the fielding of both teams was per
fect. Attendance 10S0. Score:,
Plttsburg t '. 2' ll" 6
Philadelphia 2 9 0
Batteries — Leever and Phelps; Mitchell and
Dooin. Umpire — Emslle. ?
ST. LOUIS DEFEATS
BOSTON, SIX TO FOUR
Missourians Play a Fast Game
and Score on Miaplays and
Scratch Hitting.
_, NATIONAL LEAGUE
DUDArEST. Hungary, Aug. 24.— One
hundred and twtr.ty-four persjns were
burned to death this evening in a fire
which destroyed a four-story house in
Kercpe^cr straese.
The first two floors were occupied as
fhops and were filled with inflammable
materials, while the third and fourth were
residential flats.
The flamee spread with such rapidity
that the residents were unable to escape.
The heat from the burning building was
so intense that the firemen were unable
to approach It closely. They htid sheets
some distance away and lifteon persons
who jumped into them were saved. Seven
teen fell to the pavement and nine of
them were killed or scorched to death.
The employes in the shops numbered
170. Only those on the lirst floor escaped
and 124 were burned. The houses on the
opposite side of the street c;;ught fire
tir.i the Rochus Hospital and Volks
Theater were in danger of burning.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Large Building Crowded With
Persons Is Quickly
Destroyed
Frantic Occupants of the Blazing
Structure Seek to Save Themselves
by Jumping, but Many of
Them Are Killed.
ROME, Aug. 24.— The congregation of
the propaganda met to-day under the di
rection of Cardinal Gotti, . the prefect.
After some discussion it was decided to
propose, to Pope PlU3 that he appoint the
Right. Rev.\_Francis Bourne, Bishop or
Southwark, England, as Archbishop of
Westminster, in succession to the late
Cardinal Vaughan. '¦
LONDON, Aug. 24.-The decision of the
congregation of the propaganda to pro
pose to the Pope the appointment of
Bishop Bourne of Southwark to the Arch
bishopric of Westminster somewhat sur
prised, the English Roman Catholics.
He was the third choice of the Bishops
who nominated him by a majority of only
one vote. Since he became Bishop of
Southwark Monsignor Bourne has been
energetic, but he was considered ar
bitrary, especially In regard to the fin
ances of the diocese. On one occasion
he publicly declared that he was ac
countable therefor "only to God and the
Pope."
Hundred and Twenty-
Four Lives Lost in.
Hungary.
Choice of the Congregation
Surprises. English ...
Catholics.
Propaganda Names the
Bishop of Sbuth
wark, England
SCORES DIE
HELPLESSLY
IN THE FIRE
VAUGHAN'S PLACE
WILL BE FILLED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
Travelers Tell of Slaughter by a Mad Mohammedan Population While the
Forts Were Firing on an 'Attacking Insurgent Band— Reports of Atroci
ties at Monastir and Other Places Contain Many Appalling Details
CHRISTIANS FALL IN A MASSACRE
DURING A PANIC IN ADRIANOPLE
2
ECZEMA, NO CURE, NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT fails to cure Ringworm, Tetter.
Old Ulcers and Sores, Pimples and Blackheads
on tbe face, and all skin diseases. 60 cents. *
\*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FALL
NECKWEAR.
I
Regular Price.
250 dozen new fall Neck-
wear, made to retail at 50
cents. We bought it at one-
half original price. Manufac-
turer was in a pinch— waa
exceedingly long on fall
neckwear and short on cash.
It was our opportunity to
save our customers the dif-
ference. It's the Keller way.
All new styles, made spe-
cially for fall trade. Latest
colorings and novelties in
Silks. New designs. You'll
find your favorite 'shape
among them. On OfiT|>
sale to-day at toOir
Hosiery Novelties.
The swellest ever. Sure tc
meet your taste. New em-
broidered effects and small,
refined figures and dots. You
admit the price is O^?A
right, also...: .favPU
1028-1030 MARKET STREET
San Francisco.
1 157-1 159 Washington Street
Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . /,
invented and patr
<^~^ ented the plate
glass room for cooling Leer
witk filtered air — and dis-
carded it ten years ago^
and to-aa^ Pabst J3eer
is cooled witli filtered air
in modern Hermetically
sealed rooms tkat abso-
lutely prevent infection
and destroy all germs or
microbes.
dO a C JLrX U-w JlVIO U Ull.
is tke mark of undeni able,
superiority in table^
beers*
Orders filled by
Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
was. the first maker,
of sticks of soap for
shaving. Sticks in 3
sizes; shaving cakes 1
in 3 sizes.
Pears' Soap established over loo rears.
.CUTLlERJi*
EVERyBLADEMRRANTIDSCENE OF THE CAPTURE OF OUTLAW MURPHY AT RENO.
BRAVE OFFICERS WHO ARRESTED HIM AND CONVICT WOODS.
WHO WAS CAUGHT YESTERDAY IN A BARBER SHOP.
J. E.' Crothers : was found guilty by a
jury in' Judge Lawlor's court last night of
having 7 , forged ; an -'order on a downtown
llauor-bouse for a case of whtoky^f^r^
Finds Crothers Guilty.
Miles Berglund, a shoemaker, living at
500 Twenty-ninth sfreet, left hla home on
Sunday night for the purpose of changing
a fifty-cent piece for his wife. " A' short
time later Mrs. Berglund looked out and
saw her husband being picked up from the
ground by ; an unknown man and | a .con
ductor of a Twenty-ninth-street : car. v He
waB - assisted' to his home and ' sat ¦ on the
Meets Death Mysteriously.
HONOLULU, T. H., August 18.— Judge
Gear has appointed J. J. Dunne guardian
of Muriel and Mary Campbell, minors, to
continue the proceedings in contest of the
sale of the St. James Hotel,. San Jose, by
the trustees of the will of the late James
Campbell. Campbell la the millionaire
who was imprisoned and held for ransom
in San Francisco by Winthrop, who ia
now serving time In San Quentin. He
left his estate in trust, but the will cre-
'SEATTLE, Aug. 24.— A dispatch to the
Post-Intelligencer from says:
Captain N. E. Smith, who Is In charge of
Fort Egbert, announces that the last link
connecting Seattle and St. Michael by tel
egraph is complete. Messages are now
forwarded to Nome by mail. This marks
the completion of the American Govern
ment's great Alaskan land system.
Telegraph System Is Completed.
Honolulu * Jurist Ap
points Guardian in
> Campbell Case.
Rescue Men Imprisoned
on Lower Levels of
Bisbee Mine.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE. Ariz., Aug. 24.— Fifteen miners
were imprisoned in a shaft of the Lake
Superior and PIttsburg mine at Bisbee
from daylight until long after dark on
Sunday, and were saved only by the he
roic efforts of their comrades. A cave-In
and the consequent disablement of the
bolstlnf device In the main shaft hemmed
It is evident he changed the fifty-cent
piece because five ten-cent pieces were
discovered in his pocket.
doorstep until his wife discovered that he
had a great lump at the back of his head.
In reply to her questions he said he would
tell her on the morrow how he came by
his Injuries. Berglund lapsed into uncon
sciousness, however, and died yesterday
morning. It is thought that the cause
of death was a fracture of the skull. -The
Coroner will investigate the mysterious
case.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— The Grand
Jury to-day began an Investigation into
the recent break^at*FoIsom Prison with
the view primarily- to fix the responsibility
of the death of William Cotter, the guard
killed in the conflict in the office of the
captain of the , guard. Members of the
Grand Jury declare they are unwilling
Sacramento Grand Jury Begins In
quiry Into Folsom Prison Break.
FORMER GUARDS TESTIFY.
WOODLAND. Aug. 24. — Miss Sara
Stephens, daughter of Mrs. George Steph
ens, was married at noon to-day at the
handsome suburban home of her mother
near Madison, Yolo County, to Lieutenant
C. M. Gordon of the Sixth United States
Infantry, stationed near Fort Leaven
•worth. Lieutenant Gordon served during
the war with Spain In the Philippines and
distinguished himself by his bravery.
Yolo Belle Weds Army Officer.
LOS OLJVOS, Aug. 24. — A severe sheck of
earthquake waa feit here at 3:20 o'clock this
morning.. The wills of the only • two-story
brick dwelling in the town were badly
cracked.
JUDGE INSISTS
ON LITIGATION
Several former guards appeared before
the Jury to-day and gave testimony with
regard to the circumstances of their dis
missal and the duty of guards In an
emergency like the recent break. Among
them were former Guards Prigmore, Cann
and Taylor. One of the present guards
at the prison was also interrogated by
the Jury. An adjournment was taken
until Thursday to enable subpenas to
be served upon Guards Klpp, Gillis and
several others whp I it is believed will
be able to testify with regard to the cir
cumstances of the "break.
One of the Jurors was asked if Warden
Wilkinson . would be summoned and he
replied in the negative, making the signif
icant observation that it would probably
invalidate any indictment that might be
brought against the Warden if he were
obliged to give testimony In the matter.
The Jury appears to regard the investi
gation as something of a fishing excur
sion, as the lawyers put it, and will await
the disclosures made by the witnesses
before determining finally upon a course
of action. *' ' ;¦
to permit the investigation to stop at
this point, however, and assert it is with
in the province of the Jury to go further
and shed light upon the conditions re
sponsible for the break as well as the
conduct "of the officials on the eventful
day.'
The first week out I only had one meal and
the food has been scarce all the time. I quit
the gang three weeks ago and struck out
alone. It was hard traveling and I was glad
when I met Miller at Lake Tahoe. We went
to Carson together last Saturday and spent the
day there. We drank at the bar and were
with the officers of the town. I remember
one fat fellow, a deputy constable, who was
pointed out to me In a saloon. One officer
talked with us and he must have been "on,"
as we could not disguise ourselves. We got to
Ophir Sunday morning and rrom there kept
going to Steamboat. We took the train there
and rode one stop, to Huffaker's, and as we
were getting into town left the train. Craig
has crossed our path several times and I was
tempted to kill him once, but was afraid he
was an innocent man looking for work, so did
not shoot. He met us at Steamboat and
would have got us had it not been the train,
and an embankment protected us. It is all up
with me now, I guess. I did not do this to
get notoriety, but I wanted to get away from
Folsom. I want to give you my correct age.
I am 24 years old and came from Philadel
phia."
Robert Lee, a dishwasher in a restaur
ant on Eighth street, was convicted by
Police Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of petty larceny and will be sen
tenced to-day. Lee stole a purse contain
ing $43 75 belonging to Mrs. Kate Raber.
cushier in the restaurant, on August 14.
He told the Judge yesterday that he had
lost the' money by betting on Corbett in
his fight with Jeffries and it was his in
tention if Corbett had won to replace the
purse and contents.
Lost Stolen Coin on Corbett.
lety concerning their own safety was not
relieved until they were able to call to the
miners who had been lowered Into the
shaft and could hear their response. The
men were imprisoned in three different
levels, and being separated could not com
munlcate with each other. They suffered
some from hunger, and in one level where
the water supply ran out they suffered a
great deal from thirst. The men were im
prisoned in the hole for more than six
teen hours. The news that the men were
held prisoners by the cave-in and the dis
abling of the machinery, spread like wild
fire over Bisbee and caused a great deal
of excitement, attracting a great ' many
people to the scene. The crowds hindered
the rescuers in their work and had to be
forced back by the mine police. The opera,
tion of the mine has been suspended until
the necessary repairs can be made.
HAD A HABD TRIP.
I have had a hard trip all the way through
ADMITS HIS IDENTITY.
"Do you know this man?" I asked. "Pard,
it's all off," Bald Woods. I then handcuffed
Woods and searched him. He had no weapon
on his person. He turned to the barber and
Bald in a low voice: "If they take me away
from here I want you to rake care of my coat
until I call for it.'.' I overheard the remark
and asked the barber where his coat was. The
barber pointed to It lying on a chair near by.
I picked It up and found a 45-callber revolver
In the pocket. Woods thereupon called me a
vile name and said: "You have the drop on mo
and I will give It up. I will make you a pres
ent of the gun." He was then told to get back
in the chair and allow the barber to finish
shaving him. which he did. While I was out
for the photograph i noticed another man en
ter the shop, remain a moment and leave, but
paid little attention to him, as my mind was
centered on the capture of Woods. From the
description Riven me by the barber I have since
discovered that the visitor was none other than
Convict Theron. Theron evidently told Woods
to get out, as he thought he was' being
watched. I then had the chief and a deputy
take the prisoner to the City Jail and I began
a hunt for Theron, but thus far have been un
successful in locating him."
Wilson, when asked if he thought there were
any other convicts at large in this section, said
that he was positive that both Theron and Mil
ler were here and possibly Fahey. "I am con
fident we will get those fellows before they get
out of this bection," he concluded.
Convict Murphy who was captured Sun
day night was more loquacious to-day and
In talking of his flight said:
I was tired out from a hard trip and came
to town to rest up. I knew it was foolish but
we decided to take the chance. I put my' gun
inside of my overalls before I came upon the
street to get It out of sight. Deputy Maxwell
took an awful chance as I tried to get my gun,
but he was too quick for me and too strong
when he took hold of me. / I was taking no
chances and would have certainly killed him
If he had b«en a moment slow.
When Sharkey fired I thought Miller was
killed— you all know that Miller has been
with me. I met him at Lake Tahoe. When
Maxwell opened up I thought at first he was
shooting at me and told him then he was a
bad shot, but I think his second bullet hit
Miller.
I was standing on the corner of Second and
Center streets, talking to a lady, and glancing
up noticed a man turn the corner directly in
front of me. ! I at once recognized him as one
of the convicts, and so excused myself to
the lady. I followed him westward on Second
street, where he entered the barber shop. I
went in after him and took a seat near him.
When the barber finished the man he was
working on he called "Next." and Woods
turned to me and said, "You may have the
next turn." I told him to go ahead, as I was
in no hurry. Woods then got in the chair and
the barber lathered his face. I went out to
secure the photos of the escapes to make my
self sure that he was. the man I wanted. As
Chief keeper's office was nearer than mine I
telephoned to him. not wanting to let the man
get out of my sight. Leeper arrived in a few
moments and we immediately went In the shop
after our man. When we entered Woods at
tempted to arise from the chair, but we were'
too quick for him and grabbed him, forcing
in all the miners working on the 900-foot
and 1000-foot levels.
When the accident occurred John Mer
rill, the foreman, was let down the shaft
and was with difficulty hoisted out of it
by working one side] of the. engine, with
out accomplishing any results or learning
whether any of the imprisoned men had
been injured by the accident. Those above
ground did not, know, the fate of their
comrades, and worked like trojans to ef
fect their release. '
A small engine w*p, borrowed from the
Calumet and Arizona mine, which is some
distance away, and ' this was finally
dragged up the hillside and Installed. It
was 5 o'clock in the afternoon before the
engine could be made to work, and the
men underground had been prisoners for
many hours. A dozen men were lowered
down the shaft and in two hours the de
bris had been cleared away- and the Im
prisoned men were all hoisted to the sur
face, where they were greeted with cheers
and fell into the arms of the members of
their families, who were anxiously' await
ing them on the surface. > ; .
None of the men were Injured except for
slight bruises, but all of them showed the
effects of their trying imprisonment. Al
though they could "hear their 7 "comrades
above workinz to release them, their anx- 1
W. O. Craig, the scout from DavIsvIJIe
who was successful in following the con
victs, is still in this vicinity looking for
the men who have eluded the officers.
Craig has made the scouting trip on a
bicycle and has proved that he is an adept
at his business. He intends to remain
here until the others are captured or he
gets on their trail out of this section.
Constable Wilson, who discovered
Woods In the barber shop, In talking of
the capture said:
A report arrived at 11:30 o'clock to-night
from Vista, a small station a dozen miles
east of here, that a suspicious looking
s'.ranger answering the description of one
of the convicts was in that neighborhood.
A special train was at once made up here
and a posse left to make the capture.
The man was taken into custody, but
proved not to be one of the convicts. No
definite news has been received as to the
whereabouts of either Miller or Theron.
There is still a larse number of well
armed men scouring the country for them
and ImDortant news is looked for any
moment.
definitely.
SEARCHING FOB THERON.
chase opium. I will give you a true his
tory of my travels, and also tell you all
I can about my pals if you will furnish
me with some 'hop.' "
He didn't get the opium.
Woods appears to be in good shape and
him back in the seat. L.eeper informed him
that we wanted him. as we suspected him of
being one of the escaped convicts from Fol
som. "How are you going to Identify me?"
asked Woods. "By this," said I, drawing from
my pocket his photograph together with the
description.
HEROIC MINERS
SAVE COMRADES
Woods when asked why he went into
the barber shop this morning replied:
"I hardly know. I got careless. I
wanted my beard off so as to a little bet
ter disguise myself, but It seems I played
right into the officers' hands."
"Do you realize what awaits you upon
your return to Folsom?"
"I certainly do. I believe I will be
hanged for the part I have taken, and
that is why I was desperate enough to
kill any one who should get between lib
erty and me; but it is all over now. I
expect to be taken back to Folsom in a
few days."
"Will you tell, about your travele and
who your companions have been since
leaving prison and where your compan
ions are now, If you know?"
"The only thing that would make me
tell that is my love for opium. The want
of that drug led to my capture. I thought
I could find out in the barber shop where
Chinatown was and there expected to pur-
WAS LOOKING FOB OPIUM.
Chief of Police Leeper and Consta
ble "Wilson in a downtown barber shop.
The news spread about town like wild
fire that Miller had been captured, but
the report was incorrect, as the convict
caught proved to be J. W. Woods, who is
said to have been the leader of the dread
ful prison break last month.
Constable Wilson discovered Woods
while the fugitive was getting shaved in
Hanna's barber shop at 19 East Second
street, and, with the assistance of Chief
Leeper. he went into the shop, surprised
his man, handcuffed him and without a
struggle lodged him in Jail. Convict
Theron was also seen about the barber
shop. In fact, he entered the place and
held a whispered conversation with
Woods Just previous to the capture of
Woods by the officers. It is claimed that
he put Woods on his guard, for the latter
was leaving the chair with his face half
shaved when the officers dropped in on
him and blocked his escape. A diligent
search has been made for Theron, but he
has not been found. The officers still feel
confident of capturing him. -
A Call correspondent visited Woods in
the Jail and found the prisoner loth to
talk.
According to his story Woods was in
Grass Valley several days ago and from
there went to Truckee, leaving there on a
freight train for Reno yesterday after
noon.
"How have you fared as to food since
you left Folsom?" was asked.
"I have managed to get all I wished to
eat, or nearly so, although I have never
enjoyed a meal since I left prison," re
plied Woods.
RENO, Kev., Aug. 24.— This city was
thrown into a state of feverish ex
citement this morning 1 by the cap
ture of another of the Folsom es
capes. The capture was made by
Officers Follow Him to
BarberShop and Take
Him Without Struggle
Judge Gear some time ago appointed
George A. Davis, who was recently dis
barred, as guardian of the minors, hold
ing that as heirs they were entitled to
immediate possession of the California
property independent of the trust. The
trustees sold the hotel to Miss Alico
Campbell for an announced price of $173.
000. but Davis filed an affidavit statins
that the sale was a sham and a fraud and
that no consideration passed. Davis re
signed when the trustees filed a petition
to remove him.
The trustees declared that no guardian
was needed, but Judge Gear rendered a
decision holding that the efforts to securo
the California property for the minor*
should be kept up. ?-.
#-I-I-H-l-I-I-I-I"I"l";"H"H"I"I"!"I"I-H-#
atlng the trust is held to be void in Cali
fornia, even if valid here, and It Is there-,
fore claimed that the trustees had no con
trol over the San Jose property.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— The Stats
text book committee held Its first ses
sion at the Capitol to-day with Governor
Pardee, Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion T. J. Kirk. Dr. Elmer E. Brown of
the State University and Secretary J. H.
Strlne in attendance. The session was a
protracted one.
Secretary Strine submitted an extended
report, showing the results of a compar
ative examination of eleven different pri
mary histories, with a view to the selec
tion.-^f a text for the State primary hls
tov v Each member of the committee
will go over the histories and make hla
own comparisons and be ready to report
at a meeting with the State Board of
Public Instruction on the evening of
August 28.
The committee adopted the recommen
dation of Secretary Strine that a primary
history of the United States, a series of
geographies and a series of arithmetics
be compiled, published and made ready
for distribution to the schools of the State
by July next. The action of the com
mittee in adopting this recommendation
is subject to the approval of the State
Beard of Education.
TEXTBOOK COMMITTEE
MEETS AT THE CAPITOL
Matter of Selecting a Primary His
tory for Public Schools Proves
Difficult Task.
Ushers— F. L. Guntz, Albert Mat«chke. Carl
A. Hchnabel, F. X. Burhans. A. Schimmel, F.
J. ilertchen.
A meeting was held last night at St.
Boniface Hall to consider arrangements
for the annual convention of the German
Catholic Staats Verband of California. F.
B. Schoenstein announced that Archbish
op Montgomery has consented to assist at
the solemn high mass to be celebrated at
St. Boniface Church at 10:30 o'clock next
Sunday morning and deliver the sermon.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the conven
tion will be called to order.
The fourth annual "Katholiken-Tag"
will follow vespers in St. Boniface Hall,
when singing societies are to contribute
k'OCa] selections.
On Monday matters connected with the
German Catholics of the State are to be
considered, and in the evening there will
Le a banquet.
The following committees have charge
of all the work connected with this year's
gathering:
Arrangements — Cha.rle« Maritzen, F. . B.
Fchoentlein, Carl A. Schnabel. Julius W'rede,
H*nry F. Budde. Ad Schimmel. Auk A'etter,
P. J. M<»rschen. Nic Straub, Joseph Keller,
F. X. Burhans, Joseph Becker. Daniel Bu&ch,
Bernard Bette, Henry Westphal. Joseph Boed
dtktr. John I'r.Finn. Frank J. Glunk, Joseph
Maichrn and Hfnrj- Schaub.
Programme — Rev. P. Rephael Fuhr. O. F.
M.; V. X. Burhane. Frank J. Gluak, Bernard
liptte. Auiruft Vctter and Daniel Busch.
Prees— H*nry F. Budde. F. X. Burhans,
Adolph Schimmel, Joseph Becker.
Entertainment — Joseph Keller. Joseph Boed
dekf-r, Henry Schaub. B. Bette, Julius Wrede.
Decorations — Frank J. Merschen, Joseph
Walchen. Frank J. Glunk.
Registration — F. J. Glunk, Joseph Maichen.
Keception — Herman 'Wrede. F. A. 'Kaiser,
Louis siteimle, J. Mueseigpang, Charles Klose.
John Conner. B. Linneweber. John Neuner,
fcVter ConenE, William Schneider, Hubert Kay-
RT. Herman Guntz, F. A. Anthony, John C'n.
e iin. H. Ellermeler. " Henry Arnke, W A.
Klose, Anton Hofir.an. Phil Hobrecht, ' Nic
Ftraub, Herman Burhans, George Kayser, Ed
Zinkar.t.
Archbishop Montgomery Promises to
Preach Sermon at St. Boniface
Church Before Delegates.
GERMAN CATHu.LJ.CS WILL
GATHER IN CONVENTION
"All I can do." said Sir Thomas Lip
ton, to-day, after he had witnessed the
remeasurement of Shamrock, and which
brought about no change in that vessel's
time allowance, "is to hope..for the next
race. I am free to say that Reliance sur
prised me very much on Saturday. I had
thought Shamrock would hold Reliance
In windward work. Reliance certainly is
a wonderful yacht, but there are yet at
least two races to be sailed."
With the men of Reliance their faith
in that matchless cutter ran so high that
one could not touch it with a balloon, and
from the West came the stirring news
that a bet of $300 to $5000 had been placed
that the defender would win every race.
While the interest has waned in the
event as interest customarily does in af
fairs whose conclusions are apparently
foregone, there doubtless will be another
large attendance at the scene of the con
test to-morrow.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— With both boats
in splendid condition for to-morrow's con
test, the crews of Shamrock and Reliance
went early to rest to-night, to be In per
fect fettle for the second struggle.
Shamrock III with Shamrock I arrived
a; the Horseshoe in tow of the tug Cruis
er at 3 o'clock and there was disap
pointment to the watchers of the fleet be
cause Captain Wrlnge did not work ouS
his boat as did Captain Barr of the Re
liance in the morning hour3. Instead, af
ter coming to her mooring buoy. Sham
rock III hoisted a new mainsail, or at
least one that was not used in the race
on Saturday. The great canvas hauled
taut, set badly. Broad reaching is to bo
the feature to-morrow and it is believed
that Captain Wringe has bent this main
sail in order to get the driving power
which is lacking in canvas set too flat.
When under way there will be a broad
curve on the leach and belly In the sail
close to the mast, which should be ad
vantageous in a strong breeze. The pros
pects at midnight, however, are for a
light breeze, 6 to 12 knots off Sandy Hook.
There is no truth in the story of injury
to Shamrock's hull.
Westerner Bets $500 to
$5000 That Defender
Wins All Contests.
Count Larisch-ilonnich belongs to the
Austrian nobility. His father has an
estate near Astrosnitz, Prussia, and has
become a naturalized German.
Later the Count went to America, pre
sumably at his own expense, and even
tually married Miss Satterlee. The group
which avers that It financed the Faber af
fair demanded $50,000. not on the condi
tional note, but on another, which It is
insisted Count Larisch-Monnlch signed,
and which he refused to pay.
The Public Prosecutor was Informed of
the case by some one whose name does
not appear, but who undoubtedly repre
sented the Count, and the matter was In
vestigated with the result that the Pub
lic Prosecutor has instituted proceedings
spainst a merchant, referred to as "R." In
the statements given to the press, and
;""»1r-* .-> retired onvilrv cantaln The
trial has been set for the autumn term of
the Criminal Court.
Some time before Count Larisch-Mon
nich visited America the accused persons
assert they supplied him with funds to
go to Nuremberg and court the daughter
of Faber. the pencil manufacturer, and
that the Count signed a note for $50,000,
payable on condition that he married
Miss Faber. He went to Nuremburg. It
Is asserted, properly supplied with cash
and paid his addresses to Miss Faber, but
¦wae not accepted.
BERLIN, Apg. 24.— A clique of usurers
and marriage brokers has been demand
ing 550,0(«0 from Count Franz Joseph Maria
von Larisch-Monnich since his marriage
with BUm Marie Satterlee of Titusville.
I'a., at Buffalo, N. Y-. in June. 1901, which
sum the Count has refused to pay. The
Public Prosecutor has now brought pro
ceedings against the usurers for at
tempted swindling.
Titled Spouse of American
Girl Resents Demands
for Coin.
Shamrock III Will Have
New Mainsail for
To- Day's Rac9.
Usurers Who Annoy a
Nobleman Will Be
Prosecuted.
BROKERS STIR
COUNT'S WRATH
LIPTON HOPES
FOR THE BEST
THE SAN FKAKCISCO. CALL. TUESDAY, AUGUST 25; 1903.
DESPERADO WOODS, ANOTHER OF THE ESCAPES FROM FOLSOM PRISON,
IS CAUGHT AT RENO WHILE INDULGING IN THE LUXURY OF A SHAVE
3
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Bargain Babies.
If babies were for sale the most invet-
erate bargain-hunting woman in tho
world would not look for a bargain baby.
She would want the best baby that could
be bought, regardless of price.
Every woman naturally craves m
healthy, handsome child, and her crav-
ing can be gratified if she will but re-
member that the child's health is her
own gift, and to give health she must
m^milr whose babies have
JPjatfR have nursed in strenjjth
thrir first strong child
JgaijrftiM a^ ter using Dr. Pierce '3
nalm flU ? avor * te Prescription. It
™wl ¦ f P"* is the best preparative for
maternity, encouraging the appetite,
quieting the nerves and inducing re-
freshing sleep. It gives the mother
strength to give her child, and makes
the baby's advent practically painless.
"My wife bad been sick nearly all her Hft,»
•tya Mr. 25. E. Fridcc, of Petersburg, Menard
Co., IllinoU, Bos 367, "and cfter trying every-
thinar I could thine of I made 07 raj mind to
try * Favorite Pretcription." I got sue bottle*,
which my wile took, a tablwpoonful three times
a day. until the baby cam*. She felt better
after tatiajf the first bottle, and when baby waa
bora be weighed nine and a half pound*. To-
day he la alx months old and weigha twenty-tiro
pound*. Re la aa good a child as any one could
wiah. The doctor lays he Is as hca&iy as any
baby could be, and also says the use of your
* Pavortte Prescription ' was th; cause of sach a
hcatthybaiy.*
Dr. Pierce'i Pleasant Pellets are tho
best and .safest, laxative fox tho us* of
4dit«tD wemta. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUY
BREWSTER'S
MILLIONS
=YOUR=
DEALER'S
TO-DAY
The bulk of tea and coffee
and everything else is trash.
Schilling's Best are both luxury
and economy.
Moneyback.WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— The Assistant
Attorney General for ' the Postofflce De
partment has rendered a decision .depriv
ing the Commissioners of the District of
Columbia of the franking privileges.-, The
decision is based on the fact that they
are. not 'officers of the United States, but
of a munlcluaJltv. : .
No Franks for Commissioners.
. HELENA, Mont., Aug. 24.— A telegram
received at Fort Harrison from Wash
ington announces that Lieutenant Colonel
James A. Buchanan, of the Eleventh In
fantry, has been appointed Colonel of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, succeeding Col
onel Matile. recently \ retired, with the
rank of Brigadier General
Promoted to a Colonelcy.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. -24.— Announcement
was made to-day of the engagement -of
Mits Young, daughter *l Lieutenant Gen
eral and Mrs. Young, and Lieutenant John
R. Hannay, ."Second Battalion,. Adjutant
of the Twenty-second. Infantry, now sta
tioned at Fort CrooTc. Lieutenant H<h
nay's • regiment has been ordered to the
Philippines and for that reason the wed
ding will occur early next month.
General's Daughter to Marry;*
CHICAGO. Aug. 24.— The attempt of the
officials of the Hotel and Restaurant Em.
ployes' Union to tie up the Chicago Res
taurants to-day is a failure, not a single
establishment having been closed for lack
of help. Out of the 9000 members of the
different unions ordered on strike, not 10
per cent responded to the summons and
the places of those who did quit work
were quickly filled with non-union em
ployes. The calling out of the strikers by
the local Joint board of the Hotel and Res
taurant Employes' International Alliance,
without consulting the various local
unions, is said to have been responsible
for the refusal of the majority of the em
ployes to obey orders, and the Indications
are that the strike will be of short du
ration and will result disastrously to the
union.
Few Members of Union .Regard
Strike Order and Windy City
Citizens Eat.
ATTEMPT TO CLOSE CHICAGO
RESTAURANTS IS FAILURE
Miss Lillian Nadro Weds Chicagnan
After Four Days' En
gagement.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, Aug. ' 24.— Love at
first sight and an engagement four days
after he had met^Miss Lillian Nadro of
San Francisco in Sioux City is the record
of Alfred M. Tanzey of Chicago.
Miss Nadro, whose engagement to Tan
zey waa announced. to-day, is , the young
est of*- three sisters, two of whom have
already been married to Sionx City men
within the past six months under similar
romantic circumstances. All Jiad come
here on a visit.
SAN FRANCISCO MAID
SOON CAUGHT BY CUPID
This afternoon they made an examina
tion of the big Couer d'Alene silver-lead
mines and to-night lert for the East.
They had previously visited the mines
at Wardner. Burke and Mullan. It was
impossible to get anj* expression from
Rockefeller further than that the party
waa having an enjoyable time.
"WALLACE, Idaho, Aug. 24.— John D.
Rockefeller Jr. arrived here to-day in a
special train in company with Charles
Sweeney, who Is promoting the purchase
of the lead mines in the Couer d'Alene
district by the $30,000,000 corporation In
which John D. Rockefeller is said to be
the principal stockholder.
SON" OF ROCKEFELLER
INSPECTS BIG MUTES
With Charles Sweeney, Promoter of
a Vast Deal, He Visits
Coeur d'Alene.
The daylight attack on the fortifications
probably will be a brilliant affair. Prob
ably the entire fleet under Rear Admiral
Barker will participate. The ships will
approach the fortifications and as they
come In range all the guns in the shorn
batteries will open fire. After the first
round only one gun of each class will
continue the fire with full blank charges,
while the others will Uso caps. {The ships
will reply at first with a round from all
the guns which can be brought to bear.
After that the fire will be continued by
one gun from each class.
Later the fleet will make an attempt at
landing a large force of men on the shore.
These attacks must be made between mid
night Tuesday and on Friday.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 24.— In the war
game Fort Preble Is considered the key to
the situation. If tho enemy can capture
.Fort Preble, or even the knoll Just to the
westward of It, the other forts might have
to' capitulate. But If the enemy captures
all the other forts Fort Preble cannot be
captured except by a heavy land attack,
and Fort Preble, still holding the key to
the situation, can drive the enemy from
all other forte, according to the defend
ers.
Navy May Storm Maine
, Fortifications at
Any Time.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The contract for
the construction of an extension to the Fed
eral building at Portland. Or., to-day was
awarded to JlunRfurd & Walker at $140,000.
the work to be completed within twenty-one
months. ¦
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 24.— W. E. Mur
phy, chief clerk in the office of the Sur
veyor General of Arizona, Was relieved
to-day upon telegraphic Instructions from
Washington, and was succeeded by
Thomas Armstrong, formerly In the
draughting department. The removal Is
the result of an Investigation by a special
agent of charges that Murphy collected
double fees for certain work, claiming
that the Government did not appropriate
sufficient funds t6 keep up with the work.
Removal Follows Investigation.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24-Bids will be
opened at the Bureau of Insular Affairs
to-morrow for the sale of three million
dollars of Philippine certificates of indebt
edness, the sale being for the purpose of
supplying and maintaining the gold re
eierve under the Philippines currency leg
islation. Some time ago there was a sale
of three million dollars certificates for the
purchase of bullion for Philippine coin
age. The certificates were sold at a pre
mium.
Insular Affairs Bureau Will Open
Bids for Bonds to Maintain
Gold Reserve.
WELL SELL $3,000,000 OF
PHILIPPINE CERTIFICATES
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 24.— Enos Isham
dropped dead at the depot In this city
this morning from heart trouble. Isham
was a commercial traveler for the Lang
ley-Michaels -Company, wholesale drug
gists of San Francisco. He leaves a wfd
ow in thls^city.
Drops Dead in Railroad Depot.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.— Postoffice es
tablished: Wellington— Fort Ward. Klt
eap County. Daniel W. McMorris, post
master: postofflee discontinued September
15: California— Elmer, Kern County, mail
to Woody; name changed: Washington
— Manzaneta. Kltsap County, to Slanzan
lta. Margaret A. Wheeler, postmistress;
postmaster commissioned: Oregon
Charles A. Despain, Ukiah; fourth class
postmaster appointed: California— Alice
J. Berry. Pine Grove. Amador County,
vice Naoti E. Luttrell, deceased; Wash-
Ir.gton— A. D. Corliss, Reedvllle. Kitsao
County, vice Thomas McGlenon, resigned.
Army order: Captain William WeJgel.
quartermaster from Philippines to San
FrajiciECO.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Notices of Changes in the Western
Postoffice Service — Army
Order.
HONOLULU, Aug. 18.— Ever since the
Ejan Francisco reinsurance quotations on
the Helen Brewer were ma'de public ther^
has been daily interest taken in the, vessel
in Honolulu. The almost universal opin
ion locally has been that the vessel will
arrive. When the ¦ insurance was at 60
per cent several hundred dollars were
sent up to be wagered on her to arrive.
The bulk Of the local money, however,
has been placed at 30 per cent. One pool
was formed to back the vessel when she
was quoted at 80 per'cent, and this com
pany cabled up $200 to be put on the ar
rival of the vessel. A conservative esti
mate places the local money that has
been wagered on the Helen Brewer to ar
rive at $1000. Should the vessel make her
appearance between $5000 and $6000 will .
probably be cleaned up by Honolulu peo
ple.
HONOLULU PLAYS THE
HELEN BREWER TO ARRIVE
Island ' Speculators Have Wagered
More .Than S1000 on the
" Overdue Vessel.
The body of Hodge was removed to
night to Grimes Landing, where the fu
neral will be held to-morrow under the
auspices of the Odd Fellows, to which
order the deceased belonged.
It developed to-day that Hodge worked
for Weis on his ranch near Cranmore
more than a year ago and that the trouble
began there. After separating from her
husband Mrs, Weis moved to Knights
Landing and only recently came. to WQod
land to live with her mother, Mrs. O. B.
Green. She is . now at Winters, Yolo
County.
« WOODLAND, Aug. 24.— Lorln A. Weis,
who shot and killed Charles Hodge at
Knights Landing Sunday evening, was
lodged in the County Jail to-day, charged
with* murder. He refuses to say anything
regarding the shooting or the Incidents
that led to it. Weis has retained counsel
and will endeavor to show at the trial
as extenuatlnjrclrcumstances that Hodge
was the caup of the separation of him
self and wife several months ago.
Family Trouble/ Are Believed to
Have Seen the Cause of .
the Shooting. '
WEIS REFUSES TO TELL
WHY HE KILLED HODGE
Favors National Irrigation Works. I
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 24.— At the Com
mercial Club thl9 evening a reception waa
tendered to George H. Maxwell, executive
(yialrman of the National Irrigation As
sociation. His address strongly brought
out the great possibilities for the develop
ment of the Northwest by building na
tional Irrigation works. He urged that
all the Western States should work in
harmony and make the Ogden Irrigation
Congress the greatest . convention ever
held In the West. i i I I :
! Masked Han Bobs a Saloon.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., Aug 24.-A masked
man robbed the Exchange saloon, near
the railroad depot, shortly after midnight.
Betting- $40. Five- men were In the saloon
and the robber -covered them with, a re
volver while he went through . the cash
register, emptying it of its contents. After
pocketing the money he made his escape
by the rear door. • .
The cathedral of Notre Dame In Paris
is now lighted by electricity. - «-i „,;
xNEW YORK. Aug. 24.-After more than
three years of preparation and effort and
the expenditure of more " than $9000 the
plan for the" excavation of Ur of the
Chaldees and other places In Babylonia
by American explorers. ha3 been aban
doned because the Turkish Government
will not grant permission to do this work
to American citizens. The failure of the
project owing to th* inability to procure
the authorization for Americans to carry
on this work, while men of other na
tionalities have been permitted to exca
cate, has been a disappointment to its
organizers, but after having been baffled
for thre^ years they' concluded that their
only course was to withdraw from the
enterprise .altaeether.
In a letter to. the subscribers to the Ur
expedition Rev. Dr. John P. Peters, chair
man of the advisory board, says:
"On June 19, 1900, application was made
for an Irade\to excavate Maughelr, Ur
of the Chaldees and Nawawsis (Eridu),
ruins in proximity. In Southern Babylo
nia, and the required topographical map
was submitted with this application. The
application was In all respects in con
formity with the law of the Turkish em
pire. governing 1 excavations.
"No permission to excavate has been
obtained, hor has any satisfactory reason
been given for the failure to grant such ;
permission. "Later, at the suggestion of
the Turkish authorities, Tel-Ibrahim
(Kutha) was submitted for Mugherr, with
the same result.
"Dr. Edgar J. Banks, director of the
expedition,, has been In Constantinople
since January 17, 1901, earnestly pressing
the Turkish Government, with the co-ope- {
ration of the United States legation, for '
permission to excavate. The committee |
has received from him from time to time \
detailed reports of the exasperating de
lays and devices on the part of the Turk- I
ish Government to avoid giving satisfac-^
tion to the request made in accordance
with their own laws. During this«ame!
period permissions have been granted to )
other persons from other nations to ex- ,
cavate, while permission asked for by our j
committee has been withheld." . !
V ,"I think some' legislation of a remedial
character may be enacted at the ap
proaching Besslon of Congress," he said,
"but there is a wide divergence of opin
ion among authorities as to what,' if any
thing, ought to-be done. The demand for
financial legislation comes principally
from the East,' but even here financiers
oftf.not in. accord. ¦ .'
"In the West our people are not think
ing much about the matter. The West
is 'wonderfully prosperous and all of our
banks have so much money that they
are discounting: Eastern commercial pa
per every day.. The best Judgment Is* that
.whatever financial legislation Is under
taken should be purely remedial and very
brief, covering perhaps not more than
twenty-five lines."
H. H.Kohlaaat of Chicago was a guest
of the President and Mrs. Roosevelt at
luncheon. After his conference with the
President, Mr. Kohlsaat sa^d to a rep
resentative of the Associated Press that
his call had nothing whatever to do, with
any contemplated change in the Cabinet.
"It has been rumored," said Mr. Kohl
fiaat, "that I might be appointed Post
master General, but there is absolutely
nothing in that story. The President con
templates no change In that office. 'In
fact, he desires that his Cabinet, should
remain Intact, at least until the close of
the present administration. {Personally,. I
do not desire a public office, and the.Pres
ident has no 'office In his gift which I
would accept." - • . - -¦
Mr. Kohlsaat dlfl discuss with the Presi
dent the subject of financial legislation.
For several weeks he has been- gathering
informatiorv^for, the President bearing on
the subject. *Hls'"researches have been In
both the East and {he West, and the net
results he has laid before the President. -
OYSTER BAY, N. Y.. Aug. 24.-Gover
nor Murphy of New Jersey and Senators
Kean and Dryden of the same State vis
ited President Roosevelt at Sagamore Hill
this afternoon. The President accepted
their Invitation to attend tho ceremonies
incident to the unveiling of the monument
erected on the battlefield of Antietam In
memory of the New Jersey soldiers who
fell, in that historic engagement, and to
make an address. The ceremonies are to
take place September 17, the fortieth an
niversary of tha battle. , ;
A charter was also issued to the Ameri
can Townsite Company, the adjunct of
the railroad corporation, with a capital
Ftock of $10,000,000.
Within the corporation of the Pan-
American Railway Company will, it Is
eaid. be several construction companies.
The largest of these will be the Canadian-
American Construction Company, among
whose directors are paid to be Charles F.
Beach Jr., London. England; M. L.
Muhleman, New York; Charles M. Raw-
Hns>, New York, an<l Charles B. Williams,
City of Mexico. These directors will, it
Is said, hold In a general way for the
other companies.
The estimated cost of the railway Is
£50,000.000 and the estimated length 10,000
miles. The incorporators are W. H.
Dodpe, Stephen A. Sheldpn. W. J. Pen
dleton and Eldredge G. Phelps of Shaw
nee, Okla., and C. E. Wells of Lincoln.
Neb. It I? not known what outside'in
terests, if any, these men represent. The
principal offices of the company are stated
to be at Guthrle and Shawnee, Okla.
There Is a!?o to be a branch line begin
ning In the republic ot Peru and extend
ing in a southeasterly direction through
Bratll to; Rio de Janeiro; also a branch
line brglrming In the republic of Peru and
extending in a southerly direction to Val
paraiso.
The purpose of the corporation. It is
said. Is to build a line of railway extend
ing from. Port Nelson, Hudson Bay, In a
southerly direction, crossing the line of
the Canadian Pacific near Winnipeg, Man.
itoba, through North Dakota, South Da
kota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and
Indian Territory to GaJveston, Tex.; from
Galveston througti the republic of Mexico
to the boundary line of Central America,
through the isthmus of Panama, thence
through the United States of Colombia to
Ecuador and finally through the republic
of Peru to Buenos Ayres, on the Atlantic
Ocean.
GUTHRIE. OkEa., Aug. 24.-Plans for a
gigantic railroad with a trunk line con
necting Hudson Bay, British Columbia,
with Buenos Ajrree, South America, and
having a network of branches, was dis
closed to-day, whtn articles of incorpora
tion of the Pan-American Railroad Com
pany, with a captlal stock placed at ?S50,
000.000. were filed liere with the Secretary
of the Territory. v
LAND ATTACK
IS ARRANGED
The Zimmerman men favor a conserva
tive platform, such as the party had in
Ohio four years ago, when John R. Mc-
Lean headed the Democratic ticket for
Governor, with additions for home rule,
denouncing the new Ohio code and favor
ing reforms in State institutions. The
Johnson men declare for the j reafflrma
tion ,of last year's platform, when John
son had undisputed control of the State
convention, with additional plans favor
ing 2 cents per mile on steam railways
and 3-cent fares on street railroads, and
the referendum. The platform, as well
as, the ticket and the organization for the
next year, and everything else depends
upon the settlement of the contested seats
and the places of greatest importance
on this occasion are those representing
the Congressional districts on the com
mittee on credentials.
Some of the free silver enthusiasts, wfio
are Instructed for Johnson for Governor,
are out openly to-night against Clarke for
Senator and the indications are that this
opposition will be carried to the floor of
the convention if the committee on reso
lutions includes in its report the indoise
ment of Clarke.
To-night the Zimmerman men are mak
ing desperate efforts. to maka. a brenk In
the Johnson ranks because of the in
dorsement of John II. Clarke of Cleveland
in place of Bookwalter, and in this mat
ter they have caused the Johnson man
ager* some trouble. One of the written
statements given out from the. Zimmer
man headquarters to-day charges that
Johneon first failed to get Melville M. In
galls of Cincinnati to go on Tils slate for
Senator, then Mayor Samuel M.'. Jones of
Toledo likewise declined and now Book
waiter has refused. • " -V"
The withdrawal of John W. Bookwalter
as a candidate for senatorial Indorsement
to succeed Hanna has been used to-day
to advance Zimmerman's candidacy. Zim
merman and Bookwalter both reside at
Sprtngfleld and it was claimed that the
Johnson men had started the Bookwalter
movement so as to affect Zimmerman's
interests, especially if the order of busi
ness could have been nxed so that the
Indorsement for Senator would : have
come before the nomination of the State
ticket. The Johnson men still inBiat that
there must be an Indorsement for Sena
tor, although no one has been named in
Bookwalter's place. The Zimmerman men
are not in favor of the convention nam
ing any one for Senator.
COLUMBUS/ Ohio, Aug. 24.— Prominent
Democrats are In conference here to-day
preparatory to the Democratic State Con
vention of to-morrow and next day.
For weeks there has been a contest of
unusual Intensity in j the eighty-eight
countiea between - Tom L. Johnson, of
Cleveland and Hon. John L. Zimmerman
of Springfield, the two candidates for the
gubernatorial nomination, to secure dele
gates. Both came here claiming a major
ity of 690 delegates. Both base their
claims on securing the 145 delegates whose
seats are contested. Those contests will
be settled to-morrow.
The preliminary agitation Is over the or
ganization of the convention. It is con
ceded that control of the committee on
credentials means control of everything
else, including the new State Central
Committee, that controls the organizatipn
for the coming. Presidential year, as well
as the committees on resolutions, rules
and order of business and permanent or
ganization, all of which are of importance
at the present time in the contest between
the Bi*yan men and the conservatives for
supremacy. •
Mrs. Mary Ryan. Bloomington, 111.;
shoulder and face injured and Internal In
juries of a serious nature.
Miss Lizzie Ostertage. Gibson City; 111.;
head badly hurt and arm bruised.
Mrs. J. Nichols, Chicago; knee gashed
and bruised on various parts of the body.
Daniel Ummell. Remington, Ind.; aged
65, probably fatally, very serious Internal
injuries, side and back badly hurt, head
cut and bruised all over body.
W. P. Brooks. Arrowsmith, 111.; head
cut badly and hand gashed.
Mrs. T. Pratt. Padua, 111.; bruised and
shocked.
Mrs. S. E. McCord, aged lady, East
Lynn, 111.; back and neck bruised, the
latter 'strained.
C. E. Woodward, Bloomington, 111.; hip
and back sprained and badly bruised.
Alexander Woodbine, Elliott. 111.; head
bruised and leg injured. '- v^'"
James E. Radbourne, Saybrook, 111. ; hip
bruised, internal hurts. ; .-.-•.
Miss Lucy Small, Blcromlngtoh, 111.; col
larbone broken, badly bruised and hurt
Internally. .« .
Mrs. William Phillips, Bloomington. 111.;
back hurt and Internal Injuries.
Mrs. Mary Bordwell, Remington, Ind.;
with three children. Mother bruised;
Bess, aged 8, head cut open, very serious;
Lydle. aged 10, hand and face hurt; babe,
aged 1 year, bruised.
W. H. Johnson, Melvin, III.; serious
gash in throat, knee sprained, bruised.
Miss Myrtle Watson. Colfax. 111.; back
hurt and Internal Injuries.
Mies Sadie Romp." Bloomir.gton, 111.;
head injured and limbs and back sprained.
Mrs. Charles Clayton. Clinton, 111.;
shoulder bruised and back seriously In
jured.
A. N. Rhodes, Bloomington, 111.; left
thigh Injured and bruised.
C. M. Means, Gibson City, 111.; head cut
and bruised.
Miss Nellie Arrowsmith. Arrowsmith,
III.; knee hurt and head cut.
Mtes Anna Wall, Bloomington, III.; bad
ly shaken up and bruised.
Mrs. L. B. Jones, Glenavon, 111.; head
bruised.
Miss Maud Redmond, Ivesdale, 111.;
band cut by glass.
The train crews removed the Injured to
neighboring farmhouses for medical care
ajid others were brought to the hospitals
In this city on a special train. The cross
ing has long been a dangerous one, the
Big Four also crossing the tracks of the
Central but a short distance away and is
unprotected by either targets or inter
locking plant.
The following is the complete list of
the Injured:
J. L. McCollum. Saybrook, 111.; hip hurt,
hand cut, internal Injuries.
.R. T. Day, Holder. 111.; head badly cut
and concussion of the brain, knee hurt-
Mrs. Sarah M. Fawcett, aged 60. Say
brook; very seriously Injured internally,
may die.
MI.-s Grace J. Kershner, Normal, 111.;
shoulder hurt and bruised.
Miss Jessie Youle, Saybrook, head cut
and bruised.
X. C. Kepner, Normal; back injured,
head, face and lips cut. Internal hurts.
Miss Lucy Smith. Bloomington, 111;
shoulder hurt, face cut and bruised and
badly shaken up.
.Miss Mary Grim, Gibson City, 111.; knee
and hand cut and bruised.
E. H. Crosby, wife and child, Grldley,
111.; Crosby bruised, wife side of head
hurt and leg injured; child head badly
hurt.
A. O. McDonald, Saybrook, 111.; badly
bruised arm.
BLOOMINGTON. 111., Aug. 24.-Tb.lrty
or more passengers were seriously In
jured, some perhaps fatally, by a pe
culiar collision at the Junction of the Illi
nois Central and the Lake Erie and West
ern railroads, two miles southeast of
this city, shortly before noon to-day.
While a passenger train westbound on
the latter road was passing over the
crossing, a car of stock, which was being
pushed by a switch engine on the Illinois
Central, broke loose from the engine and
dashed Into the side of the passenger
train ¦with terrific force, breaking the
coach in two and Injuring nearly every
one of the sixty occupants. The coach
wa* thrown over on Its side and partially
down an embankment V. ; J-
Three Years of Preparation
•and $6000 Goe3 for
Naught.
Remedial Legislation May Be
Enacted at Approach
ing Session.
Accident Occurs at Dangerous
Crossing Near Bloom
ington, Illinois.
Articles of Incorporation
Place Capital Stock at
$250,000,000
Decision.
Contest Between Johnson and
Z mmerman Nears
Plans for a Road Prom
Hudson Bay to South
America.^ *::_
Important Conferences
Before Struggle in
Convention.
Turkey Will Not Permit
American Research
in Babylonia.
H. EL Kohlsaat of Chi
cago Visits President
at Oyster Bay.
Wild Stock Car Rents
Crowded Passenger
Coach in Twain.
EXPLORATION
IS ABANDONED
TALKS FINANCE
WITH ROOSEVELT
GREAT RAILWAY
IS PROJECTED
OHIO DEMOCRATS
AWAIT A BATTLE
THIRTY INJURED
IN TRAIN WRECK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY^ AUGUST; 25. 1903.
4
Santa Catalina Island
/ Cor Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
1NO. FISHINO. GOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, la Shad/
. . . Grove.
"HOTEIr METBOPOLB,
With Modern Appoint meats. Always O>»a.
Reservations - Made. Address
Banning co.. 222 south sprino st-
lo3 angeles. or
peck's bureau, 11 montgomery st.,
san francisco.
PARAKSO SPRINGS
- " MOHTEEET ' COUJ3TX. CAJb.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming: Tank, -first-
class table. Send for beantiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, II Montgomery street.
Adams Springs
LAKE COTJNTT. CAL. "
STXIiXt HAS TEE CSOWS.
BEST WATER.
SUPEKIOR SERVICE.
Curing the month of August tne celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will be
at tne springs. . -
DR. W. R. PRATHSR. Prop^
Tahoe Tavern a! Lake Tatios
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last seaaoa say: "Ta-
hoe Tavern is the equal of any summer
resort hotel In tha world.**
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit ua
and prove statement (or yourselves. Rates
from $3.30 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal. ¦_;
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROCTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
VJCHY SPRINGS.
8 mllea from Ukiih. Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only placs
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table-first-
class. J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
IS hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects <J p. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding stage, il* 50. good tor season. Katea.
HU per week.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU €«.?. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and toalth resort on
tb« coast. Send for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietor*.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
;TS|Op AM MINERAL
lUOUHIl SPRINGS
Located r.lne miles northeast of Red Bluft on
. the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
¦ The -undersigned begs to Inform tha publlo
that It has succeeded to the ownership and
management of these famous springs, and It
Is their puipose to conduct them In a manner
that will Insure such care and comfort .to Its
patron* as wlllt>e thoroughly sAtiif actofT- . P**r
tlcular attention will be given to the cuisine
and dining-room ' aervlc*. Furthermore. It t«
the Intention of tie new owners, to extensively
Improve and beautify the ~' property— which,
added to the marvelous curative properties of
the various springs In cases of Gout. Rheuma-
tism. Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary tron-
bles. Skin Diseases.' Dyspepsia, Cystitis and
Blood Diseases of every description will place
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front rank
of the famous m.'neral springs of the world.
Cases of. RHEUMATISM GOUT AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL. BE ACCEPTED
Xf.VDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern . Pacific Company's system of rail,
tiayi and- Its connections throughout tho
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs.
Stagn tratigfer service between Red Bluff and
Tuscan Bprtcca.
For rate's cf fare and routes of travel apply
to any Eouthers Pacific Railroad Agent.
NAPA Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal. |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burro* for children.
Two trains dally 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN * JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
. HOTEL
Del Monte
The only *olf links In California with full
18- hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course Is provided exclusively for
th* guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, $3 SO per day and 09.
Epeclal rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.
tETNA SPRINGS
In September Is the best place In California.
The mountains have tlonned their autumn
colors. Bowling,, driving, swimming, fishing,
etc. Health-restoring waters. Ideal service.
$7 round trip from San Francisco.
AETNA SPBX1TGS COMPAVT,
Aetna Spring*, ITapa Co., Cal.
HOTEL W1LL1TS.
First season. New building; up to date
equipment ; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suits
with private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and flshmg of Mendoclno County.
*2 to S3 60 per day: $10 to *18/per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager. WU-
Uts. Mendoclno County, Cal.
v Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery ; $» to $14 per
wpek. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery »t.
«x H. H. UcGOWAN, Seigler. Lake Cot. Call
ADVEBTISETVTENTS. .
g^P"^ GILLARD &. KLOCK'S^^y
|/U $20,000 Stock |i
|f'.v| in our hands to be closed H ;
wJy out at Sacrifice Prices - U :
flflik \A/ E ARE pleased to announce that we have JB
W $¦' *P^ purchased the entire Curtain, Drapery and III
KJSft Upholstery Goods stock of Gillard & Klock and | J I
jlfTV^ have placed the same on special sale. It is the I g ,
I # * f[A most excellent collection of high-class goods, 1 1|
!/$1a comprehensive enough to meet any demand. We i t|
flair bought the stock' at a figure that enables us to |||
I' I*! A Onp=H^ilf Pricp fife
1 1 'I, \ Mr. Gillard is now with, us in charge of this (tM%t
•il ''• r L/* department and will be glad to see his old friends «|§ J<j
jj # Y and patrons, and all others who are seeking Jf| H
][ •,/ exceptional bargains in this line. f P <h
ftq Oriental Rugs SILK FLOSS MATTRfeSES ill
• W i ' : ¦ . »-* ¦ "«•'¦¦ We are now offering at sp<»- i«23s!
i .¦ ¦ • and DraDerieS cial Prices three lines of Silk llmJSi
. * n. <*"« *^*«*pw«w^ F]oga Mattre88es> Prlces are |KB:|I
I .ml During this eale *e will al- cut as follows: igijg V
* 1 111 low a uniform reduction of 25 $7 Single Mattresses, now \ JEm* if S
I'll ptr cent. on our entire stock of .' fSa 1
"s W~ Oriental Rugs and Draperies. $SS Three-quarter Mattresses, OKwSs*
k 1 • M We have a larjce stock and now 90.2:5 Wfiywte
tf 1 \\l\ therft lB no doubt about your $10 Full-slzo Mattresses, now SgK»%
v \ \\\\ flndlns what you want. ' 7 * 50 «TliPfl£
AJVEBTISE1CENTS.
igjaffi&riJAsyiUSiJ jj For Infants and Children.
I Always Bough!
S B6&rS tll6 Jr 4
Promotes Digestion.Cheerfur- || ° ff */ vf"
ness andRest.Contains neither $1 n f gm. Jr a p
Opium.Morphine nor>finerali m Ul # IV 1 M
1*OT "NARCOTIC- M AAVfaT
P^pplan. Sad,- >;O *jj ' 1 W %
jkdxSm* * I . S IV 111/* I II
~~ — 1 fXX Ait iSR
Aperfed Remedy forCoustipa- 1 I M IV VWU
Hon.SourStomach.Diarrhoea fl I* 14r
Worms.Convulsions.Fcverish- I I IT t ••» fl, rAv .
ness and Loss OF SLEEP. » \f* itoj UVul
Facsimile Signature of y'
< rs^" I Thirtu Ypar-Q
SEW YOBK. fj I 1111 IV I 0 U I O
we ewT»u» eo«M»r. Ntw to»« em.
UjjC*| if /A jy/ If li fill iLasfclB^BM^B^BSsft^^»^F^"^5sB5iiMiiiMs^^^^^*^^**^" l *Sr | ' | ' '* ™^
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chcmic
Quick Cures
-»m. iv KOilDltERa. 1555 Pine Street.
Mr. Norflbers; say*: "After years of nufferlna
from Catarrh end Rheumatism and after spend-
ing a email fortune for doctors and medicines
without any benefit. Electro-Chemistry has
cured me in Ies* than a month and the expense
has been almost nothing when the wonderful
results are considered.
"My rtunimatlBm by weakening my knees al-
most incapacitated me for work, but now I can
do my heavy work aa cable splicer on the
Futter-etreet line without the leaet • Inconveni-
ence. I am Rla<J to recommend this wonderful
new treatment to others and will be glad to
«* any one who Is especially Interested in my
CUM"." *
(Signed) e. ICORDIIERG.
15jj Pine street. San Francisco, Cal.
consultation rnrr
and r H I- r
X-RAY EXAMINATION B H%i_EL_
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tnmors,
Deafness, Head and Ear XTolses, Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles, I
Diseases of the Stomach. X.lv< r, Kid- '
neys end Bowels. Special Diseases of j
Ken and Women. All Chronic Diseases. |
Electro-CtiemiG institute, j
118 QBAXTT AVE., Cor. Post St.,
SAN rSAVCTSCO.
fir -pa rate Apartments for Ladies and
Gentlemen. , \ONE OF THE NEW STELLAR ATTRACTIONS AT THE ORPHEUM AND
POPULAR THESPIANS WHO HAVE LONG BEEN FAVORITES WITH
THE Ti' EATER GOING PUBLIC OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Central.
» The, revival -of j'Camille" at the Central
Theater last night was an unqualified suc
cess. The curtain calls were numberless.
Chutes.
Will Play "Everyman."
The juggling Mathleus made their first
appearance at the Chutes yesterday and
scored a hit at both performances. Their
work Is neat and abounds In novelty. Ed
ward Poulter in the garb of Happy Hooli
gan held the stage / for fifteen , minutes
with quaint . and amusing stories and
songs. Bandy and Wilson gave a clever
dancing turn and Jessie Dale, the favorite
girl barytone, was. heard- In new Illus
trated songs. Hodges and Launchmere,
the versatile colored couple: Harry Baker,
who plays~on all kinds of novel musical
instruments, and the animatoscope. show-
Ing many amusing moving pictures, com
pletedvan unusually entertaining pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear on
Thursday night. A Chinese baby girl
placed In the infant incubator on Sunday
attracted great attention yesterday. f/Vr
To-morrow ; morning . at Sherman &
Clay's will begin the public sale of seats
for "Everyman," the fifteenth century
morality play, which will open at Lyric
Hall September 2. .The company, twenty
two English players now rehearsing, at
Lyric Hall, will first; appear before the
students and faculty^ California Univer
sity on September - 1. On the following
night will begin the regular ; engagement
in this city, after which outdoor perform-
The drawing power of Camille d'Ar
ville in "The Highwayman" was attested
by the fact that the fifth week of the pro
duction began, last night at the Tivoli
without any abatement In popular' Inter
est. Miss d'Arville's magnificent voice
rings true as steel in the music allotted to
her, and her work is marked by conscien
tious effort that never fails to charm.. Ar
thur Cunningham runs Miss d'Arville a
close second in the estimation of comic
opera lovers, and his "Farewell to ~ the
King's Highway" earns for him well-mer
ited recalls. The humorous part of the
opera Is in the capable hands ¦ of Edwin
Stevens, Ferris Hartman, Edward Webb
and Annie Myers, and the chorus Is, as
usual, ; effective. . . ' Y:'',y.'-. • .
The friends of "Joe" Holz were" extend
ing congratulations last night on' his re
turn to the box office after an absence of
eight years! : "Joe" Is certainly popular
with the patrons of the Eddy street house.
Next Monday night begins the annual
season of • grand opera, with a host of
competent artists in a well selected reper
toire. :;'.f e^" ':';' . : ' •¦¦*¦.. -••:&:¦.:£
Tivoli.
"Quo Vass Iss" and "The Big Little
Princess," the two funny burlesques with
the catchy music and twirly-whlrly
dances, continue to amuse large and mer
ry audiences at Fischer's Theater. New
jokes bubble nightly, and the all-star cast
keeps things going at a gait that for speed
equals . the latest achievement of the
famous trotter Lou Dillon.
Kolb and Dill, Bernard and Blake,
Hermsen, Maude Amber and Eleanor Jen
kins are, of course, the particular crea
tures of side-splitting absurdity which
seems to be the established trade-mark of
Fischer's burlesque }«>use.
Fischer's.
The San Francisco County Woman's
Christian Temperance Union will hold Its
annual convention Wednesday. August 26,
In Trinity Presbyterian Church, Capp and
Twenty-third streets. During the morning
session, which will open at 10 o'clock, re
ports will be read and new officers will
be Installed for the ensuing year. Lunch
eon will be served, after which the after
noon session will open.
Temuerance Women to Convene.
Dr. Brigham Called by Death.
Dr. Charles Brooks Brlgham passed
away at his late residence on Pacific av
enue yesterday after a brief illness con
tracted while he was at his country home
near Lake Tahoe. Dr. Brlgham was a
native of Boston but had made his resi
dence In San Francisco for many years.
At one time he held a prominent place in
politics and was considered a fluent and
convincing speaker. The scientific culti
vation of flowers occupied much of his
time and his collection in his frounda
has been of deep interest to horticul
turists of the State and those visiting the
Coast.
Professor Kellogg submitted to an ope
ration three weeks ago. The operation was
successfully performed by Dr. Goodfellow
and no serious consequences were appre
hended. Owing to the advanced age of
the patient, however, he failed to rally
from the shock and has been slowly sink-
Ing ever since.
Drs. Mlzncr and Gates are In constant
attendance, but It is feared that Professor
Kellogg ' cannot survive. His death is
looked for at any moment.
Professor Martin Kellogg, former pres
ident of the University of California, lies
at the point of death at the Waldeck San
atorium.
Little Hope Is Entertained for the
Recovery of the Former Uni
versity President.
PROFESSOR M. KELLOGG
IS AT POINT OP DEATH
"Shenandoah" will run all this week
except at the matinees on Thursday and
Saturday when "Mr*. Dane's Defense"
will b« the bill.
The great battle, scene at. the. close of
the third act in which the United Statei
troops from the Presidio play a promin
ent part is a marvelous piece of stage
realism. It almost seems like real.war
fare.-' '-'vVv ' . " ' . ¦¦*¦
"Shenandoah" began Its second week
at the California Theater last night. The
popularity of this sterling war drama
never seems to wane. Its drawing pow
ers aria apparently as great now as when
it was first produced. The big audience
last niglt evinced its pleasure and en
joyment cf the performance by unstinted
applauge, shouts of laughter and fre
quent recalls. The play runs very
smoothly, and the different artists of the
Nelll-Morosco company bring out "all the
salient points of their respective- char
acters. ¦ r'::^;"
California.
The second week of the realistic pas
toral drama, "The Dairy Farm." drew to
the Alcazar an overflowing audience last
evening that laughed honestly and loud
ly at the quaint characters and funny
incidents of the play and that shed tears
of sympathy for the hero and heroine.
The latter, the poor girl "Lucy" of the
drama, was personated by Juliet Crosby,
an old-time favorite, whose sweet smile,
expressive eyes and graceful acting have
made her very popular. She was received
with a generous round of applause, which*
she repaid by her able and conscientious
acting. Oza Waldrop, the saucy "Mln
ty" of the cast, was in her best vein and
kept the audience divided between laugh
ter and hand clapping. Among the men,
Edwards Davis as i the I hero, '.'Nathan
Newkirk," was the bright j particular
star, his. reading and acting in the third
act being especially artistic. Miss Hart
ley, the "Eunice Jane Perkins," Lily
Branscombe, the "Hanna LJze," Marie
Howe, the "Sarah Newkirk," Zellah Cov
lngton, the "Jehu Sparmley," Tony West,
the "Joel," Theo Rook, the "Simon,"
Herbert Ashton,- as ."Bob," the slave,
and H. D. Byers, the "Squire." of the
cast, were excellent In their parts.
Alcazar,
notable Sir Charles Winpole and Mr. Da
vis owes gratitude to these as well as
to most of the cast. Walter Hitchcock
had an unpleasant part as Woodcote and
did little for it. The play's mountings, it
should be said, are all they should be.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
There is not a performer showing at
the Orpheum this week that is not a
U>p-notcher. > The best evidence of the
ability of those 'on the bills' is the ap
plause that greets each turn.
Orpneum.
"In Harvard" began its closing week
at the Grand Opera House last night to
a delighted audience. The musical num
bers of Cherldah Simpson, Anna Wilks,
Louise Moore. Robert Warwick and
Harold Crane were well received and the
audience could . not get enough of Ray
mond and . Caverly's Jokes. piano
specialties of Cherldah Simpson have
made quite a hit. The choruses are well
rendered. Next Sunday night Pollard's
Lilliputian Opera Company, headed by
little Daphne Pollard, will open an en
gagement of four weeks in "The Belle of
New Tork."
v Grand Opera-House.
and throughout the performance the audi
ence was wildly enthusiastic. Eugenie
Thais Lawton in the title role scored a
decided hit. Besides being a very beauti.
ful young lady, she possesses remarkable
talent and is bound to be successful In al
most any part. Herschel Mayall as Ar
mand Duval never appeared to better ad
vantage. In the particularly emotional
scene at the close of the fourth act he
evoked a veritable storm of applause.
Georgie"Woodthorpe as Madame Prudence
succeeded in creating much laughter and
was frequently applauded. George P.
Webster In the part of the elder Duval
showed unusual strength." Edwin T. Em
ery as Gaston, Henry the
Count and Eva Myrle Lewis as Nichette
all did excellent work. The others of the
cast furnished admirable support. The
costumes and stage settings are elaborate.
The programme to be rendered at the
second symphony concert under Scheel's
matchless leadership, which will take
place at the Grand Opera-house this aft
ernoon, is so important from a musical
point of view that the attention of our
musicians and music lovers cannot be too
often attracted toward It. Queau Sibe
lius' "The Swan of Tuonela" and Glazou
now's "Valse de Concert." two novelties
which have been referred to frequently,
have never been heard hero before and
belong to that modern school of composi
tion which pays such strict attention to
warm orchestration. Felix Mendelssohn
is too well known and too much admired
to require any especial recommendation,
and yet "La Fllense." never having been
heard here before, is rich and beautiful
enough to be designated as truly a "ro
mance without words."
The piece de resistance of the pro
gramme, however, will be Beethoven's
masterpiece, the third symphony, or bet
ter known as 'JEroica." Scheel, who Is a
symphony conductor of such magnitude
that he interprets all the masters with
unerring knowledge, is particularly strong
in his reading of Beethoven. Although we
have heard this grand work here before
by the same master conductor. It will be
a matter of extreme pleasure to once
more listen to Scheel's masterly reading.
It is customary to introduce and close
a symphony concert with an overture,
and this afternoon Scheel has chosen as
Introductory piece Hector. Berloiz's fas
cinating "Roman Carnival Overture." and
the concert will be worthily closed by the
Irresistible "Merry Wives of Windsor"
overture. Thus it will be seen that this
afternoon's concert presents a programme
of great artistic merit— a programme
which a musician, music lover or student
cannot afford to miss because of its seri
ous character and Its new compositions,
which on this occasion "may be heard for
the first time In this city under very for
tunate conditions.
Symphony To-Day.
Miller himself is in happy vein as the
hero, Phil Carroll. He at times reminds
of himself a9 John Worthing In the in
comparable "Importance of Being Ear
nest" The lighter and more facile side
of his art is here in choice evidence, and
Mr. Davis owes much to Mr. Miller In
this impersonation. One cannot feel Miss
Anglin quite In earnest. as Flora Caven
dish, though she is entirely charming.
She plays the good natured thespian,
however, very attractively, as she must,
with all her accustomed grace, finesse,
and skill, and returns to the brecks of
Lady Ursula very prettily in the last act.
Miss Waldron, who made so pleasing
Impression on her debut here last year,
shows marked advance in her work,
though her earlier efforts of the evening
were marred by an evident nervousness.
But she shows a notable spirit, sincer
ity and refinement in all she attempts,
and her Helen of last, night was admir
able from these standpoints. Her work
bears much better than that of most act
resses who appear with Miss Anglin, the
difficult juxtaposition with the finish, deli
cacy and superb, nervous strength of the
Anglin eauloment. Miss Waldron wore
some unusually pretty gowns, by the way,
and in the ballroom scene looked partic
ularly charming.'
Morton Selten as the Hon. Reginald
Herbert came .off with high honors. He
was delightfully humorous and natural In
his handling of the amiable lordllng's
part t 'and was handsomely received. Har
mon' MacGregor did an excellent bit as a
call boy, George L. Tiltheradge was a
This Is not the only "why" in connec
tion with Mr. Davis* play, but as the
comedy furnished evident entertainment
to the audience last night its amiable im
probabilities must be as generously taken.
The story concerns the adventures in Lon
don (and why London?) of a young Amer
ican playwright, in love with an Amer
ican heiress. Probably the story Is framed
In Its. London setting to give opportunity
for the opulently aristocratic cast in
which Mr. Davis indulges. Dukes are as
common as blackberries therein, and even
the manager who accepts the hero's play
is a modest "Sir." There Is a good
natured actress, Flora Cavendish (played
with good-humored Incredulity by Miss
Anglin), who interests herself in getting
the hero's play accepted and who in the
excitement of the acceptance throws her
arms around his neck and kisses him.
This little incident is naively misunder
stood by the heroine, who Immediately
thereupon pretends to accept the villain,
and afterward packs her trunks to go
home to New Tork. She doesn't go, how
ever, for Miss Cavendish' brings her back
triumphantly to the heart-broken play
wright.
But there are some novel and pretty
Incidents, some good lines and scenes in
the play that help to make an evening
pass pleasantly enough. In the last act,
where the performance of this "most
wonderful play in. London for five years"
—the Eric .Temple opera fashion— is sup
posed to be in progress, the little scene
becomes thoroughly interesting. The
leading lady has impossibly disappeared,
but the effect of her disappearance is very
happily painted, and tne incidents be
hind scenes are throughout humorously
and effectively sketched. But the, play,
as Mr. Miller says, will bore no one, and
will amuse and interest the larger mul
titude.
to i|^HE "high monde" was in notable
II evidence at the Columbia last
I night, at the first local present
** ment of "The Tanrrtng of Helen."
Richard Harding Davis' maiden
effort at playwrldng. The mountains and
seas have given up their captives and
they were all there last night, prepared to
welcome Mr. Miller and Miss Anglin and
anything these favored folk had to offer.
Richard Harding Davis and "The Taming
of Helen" are both names attractive in
their promise. A story with the "Davis"
tag promises certain entertainment, his
earlier work. Indeed, presaged larger
things, yet unfulfilled. "The Taming of
Helen," too, Is a charming title, and, did
It belong to the play, a very expressive
one. But one asks why "The Tamlns of
Helen?" at the close of the comedy. Helen
has not been tamed. She was a very
good little girl to begin with, with Petru
chio's arts a distinct superfluity. The
lover, a high-minded person who writes
plays, and who does not mind how she
treats him personally so long as "she re
spects hi^ love." swears that he will not
again propose to her at her latest rejec
tion. The lady herself must "lay her
hand in his and say. 'I love you.' " This
she finally does, and this is all the out
ward and visible evidence of her taming.
She (Helen) isn't even as stubborn as
Geraldlne, and those expecting to revel in
the bltling of a Katherlne will look in
vain.
During the afternoon s*>«slen several in-
I teresting papers were read. At the morn
] ing session Dr. Coffey gave a mosl suc
cessful demonstration on ¦ the setting of
a compound fracture. The operation was
cleverly done and thl surgeon was highly
complimented.
The society adjourned for one year,
when it will again meet in this city.
Elmer Miller was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Police Judge Ca
banips yesterday on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon in $1000 bonds.
During a free fight at Twenty-fifth and
Hampshire streets on May 19. Henry
Scheihlng cf "94S Twenty-fifth street was
seriously stabbed and Miller was accused
of having wielded the knife. He left the
city and on h!s return recently was ar
rested.
day. I am BratiSed at th* many response
to that communication end I elneerely hope
that you aJl will take advantage of this rare
opportunity. !
As you all know, this is our flr*t meeting
and matttrs are yet In embryo. Under the
circumstances our proceedings will* b* rath»r
Informal than otherwise and it cannot !>e ar
t'clpatcd that there xvlll be as full reports of
case* and so forth and the presentation of
papers as will b«» done when a system or plan
for tl'e conduct cf euch matters shall be
devised.' I b'lleve that committee* on specific
subjects should be appointed whose duties sh.i'.I
be to prepare a programme on Mn* s similar
to tho*« which are carried -cut In other nj«dl-
Miller Held to Answer.
The matter has been reported to the po
lice and a careful watch will be kept to
prevent further attempts to fire HiM
building.
William Ackerman. ex-Superintendent of
Streets, the reputed owner of the lodging
house, denied last night that any attempt
had been made to fire his place, but never
theless he had a watchman patrolling the
premises during the entire night.
Another attempt was made yesterday
afternoon to set fire to the Fulton House,
a transient hotel at the corner of Fulton
and Larkln streets.
The house has two entrances, one on
Fulton street and another on Larkin
street. On Sunday afternoon shortly after
3 o'clock a fire was discovered in the Ful
ton-street entrance. The steps had been
saturated with coal oil and set on fire.
Luckily some one notified the housekeeper
and the flames were* extinguished. Two
hours later the stairs of the Larkln-street
entrance were found ablaze. The smell
of coal oil was noticeable about the house
and it was apparent that some miscreant
had made an attempt to fire the building.
Yesterday afternoon shortly after 2
o'clock the steps of the Larkin-street en
trance were again saturated with coal oil
and the fact that some burnt matches
were found lying about gave evidence
that anothet-attempt at incendiarism had
been made.
FIHBBUGS AGAIN ATTEMPT
TO DESTBOY FULTON HOUSE
Saturate Steps With Coal Oil, but
Are Frightened Away Before Ac
complishing Their Purpose.
ances will be given at Leland Stanford
University.
In accordance with the mediaeval cus
tom, the play will be acted without any
of the environment of a modern theater.
There will be no footlights, no visible or
chestra and no curtain. The audience 13
requested not to applaud. The names of
the actors will not appear on the pro
gramme. Printed explanations of the
play will be given out at the door on the
opening night.
Under the direction of Ben Greet of the
Elizabethan Stage Society of London this
year's revival of "Everyman" will be
richer In mediaeval atmosphere than that
of last year. Several innovations have
been made to give the performance an
even greater tone of the Dark Ages.
Offlcer J. N. Beach, who was detailed
by Chief of Police Wittman to the Board
of Public Works to take charge of the
work of removing the bootblack stands
from the public streets, reported yester
day that on Friday last he removed, with
the assistance of two men and a truck,
fourteen stands, and on Saturday twelve.
Officer Beach also reports that up to 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon he and his
assistants had removed twenty stands
from the corners of the principal streets.
In all cases the bootDlack stands where
the oerreit or license has fc explred will
be removed, except in the cases of nine
teen, which are being protected by a.re
straining order of the Supreme Court.* '
J. B. Lankershim and his attorney, Alex
Vogelsang, appeared before the board and
requested that a permit be eranted for
the reconstruction of the interior of the
Theater Republic building, formerly Met
ropolitan Temple, on Fifth street. L#an
kershlm informed the board that he did
not Intend to have a theater in the build
ing, but the board doubted its power to
grant the permit to reconstruct the in
terior at all. Vogelsang differed with this
view and screed to submit a brief show
ing that the permit should be granted.
Officer J. X* Beach was directed to no
tify all owners of bootblack stands main
tained on sidewalks of the terms of the
resolution and where the permits ipsued
by the board have been annulled to re
move the stands forthwith from the side
walk?.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
adopted a resolution revoking ail permits
heretofore granted to • use the public
streets or sidewalks- for the purpose of
maintaining bootblack stands thereon in
all cases where the period of the license
has expired. Each permit running with
such a license, the period of which has
not yet expired, is declared to be termi
nated and of no force and effect imme
diately upon the expiration of the period
of euch license.
and efficient mar.aremcnt. have made rapid
niides «ind have largely increased their mode*
and nw«ns of travel, end that tlie hospital
and inedlraj dei>artment in connection there
with have srowii artace. It is but natural.
therefore that we have a certain degree of
pride and i<r»onal satisfaction in the fact
that we have honestly and sincerely labored
ar.d produced beneficial results. We of the
hrntpital «^enice have liad uppermost in our
minds the amelioration of the sufferings of
in<-'Ff who have been placed tn our charge, yet
mm knew that more can be done; that through
rh» medium cf cencerted and united action.
bjr means of loterchanre of views and opin
ions, by discourse on that branch of surg'ry
rarticuiarly interesting to railway sunreons,
8nd by Illustrative work, the s !imit of the
food we can do will be. Increased,
PEOGEESSIVE SCIENCE.
Ours ie a rrogressive science, and new
thoughts and theories are daily being brought
forth, and association, communion, discussion
and demonstration ere sources of benefit and
profit. It therefore behooves us to have faith
In and to direct our strongest, best and most
rincere «2fcrt« toxra»» affiliation.
In the fulfillment of these Ideas hanutmy ¦
should be our watchword and a help and a
ruide toward the attainment cf our objects
and purposes. If we do these things we will
have accomplished much: our society will be
a success, and 1t will always be a matter of
pride to each cf you that you are enrolled in
:is membership. In a circular letter addresseu
to you a few weeks ago I directed attention to
the Lane cours* of lectures to be delivered
in this city and scheduled to commence lo-
Gentlemen of the Fociety cf Railroad Sur
feccs: Btfor* addrewir.g you on the part!cu
lsr matters for which you have been called to
en<i heartfelt thanks for your act In electing ;
me your firw pr«>i<J«-at. ;
PROPOSED BY DR. GAB.DNEB*
Though h&vir.g had a chare in the preltml
r&ne*. I fee', that I w>~ul<i be remits Sn my
tfaty if I failed to tell you that this organiza
tion was first |iropo«ed by the late lamented
VJr. M. Gardner. Being a men of marked
tbilitr in his profession. t>r. Gardner's acu
nm, bti*:r.»M' jufijsm^rt. intelligence and ex
tscmtrm ability r^cognlted the nerewttr and
*<1\&ntapee of orsraniratlon. of collective study,
tnd the investigation and dfFCussUm of mat
ter* relatirg to railroad furgery. Your consti
tution and bylaup ar« th» embodiment of hie
thought* and the result* of his Ideas and tbeo
rie* on tnat subject.
We deplore his taking: cfT. and, though the
Almighty has deprived up of the valuable prlvl
lf-pe of hi* presence to-day, let- ui hop* that his
?ririt »il! hover above us. iruide us tn cur work
and prompt us to a fulfillment cf his dream
end his ho;*-*.
A5 stated in the eonttitut'.on and bylaws, the
object* cf this society are the advancement of
railway eurg»ry by means of the study of the
i-ubject in general and especially of the lnre»tl
*:a.tion of the clinical. m«-<:ico-!egal and sanitary
r.iitters relating thereto; also the cultivation
cf social Intercourse end fraternal relations
nrr.cng our members.
We are th^ outgrowth cf the wonderful in
crease and d°wlr-rrner.t o f railroad systems in
the United State*, so that our particular
branch cf surpery has become in a measure
h Fpecialty and will no doubt in time reach
the character ar.d dlgr.'.tr of that appellation.
The .»•/¦¦_.-' observer cannot but notice that
the ra<.'rosd« of the Pacific «^oas'.. under ab>
The railroad Eurgeons of the Pacific
Coast net yesterday at the Southern Pa
cific Ttailroad Hospital and permanently
organized. The object of the society is
for the encouragement cf fraternal feel
ing among railroad surpeor.s and the ex
change of views in regard to their tech
nical work. The meeting was largely at
tended and a!l th<* members were enthu
siastic over the association. The to'.low
ing officers were elected to serve for the
ensuing year: President. Dr. Walter B.
Coffe-y; vice prudent. Dr. M. Morrison;
tecond vice president. Dr. McKendie; sec
retary. Dr. James T. Dunn; treasurer.
Dr. K. K. Ainswcrth.
When Dr. Coffey was escorted to the
«-hair he made the following address to
the members of the society:
Hears Petition for Altering
Interior of Metropoli
tan Temple.
Tribute la Paid to Memory of
the Lamented Dr. M.
Gardner.
Name Him as Head of
Ne.wly Organized
Society.
Orders Removal of Boot
black Stands Prom
Sidewalks.
BOARD REVOKES
SPECIAL PERMITS
SURGEONS ELECT
DOCTOR COFFEY
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CAXl; TUESDAY, AUGUST 25/ 1903.
Pleasant Society Comedy, With Miller and Anglin as Stars, Attracts Large
House-Presidio Troops Lend Thrill of Battle to "Shenandoah" at the
California— Plays of Much Merit Entertain Many at the Other Theaters
COLUMBIA'S FASHIONABLE AUDIENCE
PLEASED WITH "TAMING OF HELEN"
5
STRONG EVIDENCE
FOR THE WEAK
The human body is a very dellcat*
• / /' piece of machinery. It must ba treated
t^.^^ fe a^^N. (ftntly and Intelligently when It is be-
fit >> I *>/ 5^ linnlnsr to break down. . Dosinff the ¦en-
rL \ \*\,/ >^"* i eitlve stomach with drugs will' not re-
VV'W C' ~^^ -d* »tore ¦trength. Even iZ the drug's had
\ali • strens^h to • rive, they never reach the
jg^ parts that need the strength. The great-
HB^lpLn * elt »c leil - lst » and do«to« now acknowl-
ffiils&ilRvM /A«KPL ed * 8 ttat Elo<rtrIclt y u te8 baaU oi
TaSsisE^ \\\l(///5«fei8* Titality. Therefore use it. but use it
better than any other man on earth how
I"^^sc^^^^ibIM^ to nia u ta theaa 9^ <>ci * 1 tr ° nt)iM ' *•-
causs I hare had the benettt of twen*7
raBJsV/V^Vv^Il^yiSt years of close study and actual cou-
sSfla V' M^\^9wc!lyW ** ct * rUh OT#r 50>00 ° c * fe " treated
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Will cure to stay cured Kerrous Debility. Varieocele. Weakness of Any
¦¦ Kind, whether in the Herres, Stomach. Heart. Wrer or Xidneys. Rheuma-
tism. Pains la Back and Shoulders, Sciatica, iumbag-o, Xndi*estidK. Seu-
ralgla, Constlpatioa, Dyspepsia and ill other troubles where new-llf> can
restore health. . " . „ t ,. .
Do you suffer from any of the troubles named, above? If so, cast
aside all prejudice arising' from the failure of other treatments and give
my Bett 5 fiirtelsXSee what It has done for others and you will know
what It must do for you. «. •
nrin i|V DflfW 1 have a book which every man thould read (one for wonwi
KtAU Ml BUUK also). It tells fact» which are of Interest to every man who
wants to remain young in vitality at any age. Send for this book to-day If you can t
call. I mail It, sealed, free. If you call I will give you . free test. Remember my
Belt does not burn, though you f«el the current and can reflate ".I warrant It to
give a strong current for years, though no man who uses it rtjht needs it over three
months. Cut this out and act tc-day.
Dr. Mfc. McLaughlin, 90S ,JS^r
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. n. : Sundays. 10 to 1.
A CLEAR, SMOOTH COMPLEXION.
Pe-ru-na Cleanses tne Sustem— r J^
The Glow of Health Takes the j J
Place of Pimples and Blotches, * '
Miss L. F. Acker. 303 Second avenue. JBM^^^^^^^^^^^^^g
"Penina la a decided beautlfler, better W^»S^^^s|^Wffl^W^Q
than any paint or powder, for it gives ?BliSl5sP»^iisr3W^S^^
you that clear, smooth complexion and
the glow of health, which no cosmetic
can ever imitate. I was troubled for ~~fc^^—^^ac^^^^^rA^^
several years with humor of the blood
which inflamed the skin »nd at times
covered my face with pimples and fe-ij^^^^^^^^JitasiSgKi
blotches. I had pains in my head, back l^^^^^^^^^ff^^^^yi\\
and limbs, and was constipated. I took ;3Rj|
Peruna and In a short time all was
changed. All the Impurities of the blood
were cleansed, the rains relieved, and I == r:g^^';;^^££h^^jwj
was restored to perfect health. My com-
plexion is fine and clear, and I do not " . "EE?" I
need any powder to cover up the Imper- - j J
A Washington Physician.
Dr. Robert Douglas. Hoemeopathic • , = — ==:=^^3|
Specialist, corner Sixth and F streets, i i^_^s=^=^^^-^
Columbus. Ohio, has the following to i£ssgg==- — ~Si^S§I^^^S
say concerning their noted catarrh reme- ||^ — -
"I have been a practicing physician $Sx§S§^. === = — ~-«^
for some years, during which time I have
administered Peruna to a number of my fr^^gs^^ _ -Z =
patients for catarrh and general debility %nJ\p^^^^^^^^
with great benefit to them. I have paid Ht^Ss**?^^ '\Z^^.
particular attention to Its effects, and I m—*^?^ x53C«ft?5*2
have absolute confidence in lt« curative \f*mi rrfg?" i ¦"• ~* — r=3
qualities, and have no hesitation In glv- w . _ Z ._ n ____'_~
ing it a most emphatic indorsement."— VJ M|W I f* ACKFR Y
Dr. Robert Douglas. || 1 UwO Ul.ll»iiutv« |
Pe-ru-na vs. Cosmetics. ¦ I /tf^z§Sff^z^^^\ j
To purify a stream one mujt purify W S%&^?i^^*SZ*^£dm *
the source of th* stream. Cosmetics will , lA^^-«=i^v^V^^^^^_.M\
not clear a complexion, depending: upon ly&&*~' -»O^^.V^^^?v^^^H
catarrh of the digestive organs. Nothing iSr xsS^** 5 *"!^
but a course of Peruna will cure these \Wc\ fflij
If you do not derive prompt and satis- jtnf ufi\
factory results from the use of Peruna. V*
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a "
full statement of your case, and he .will # _.
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
vice gratis. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
* T fc^ > *" M 'V | " -¦ ¦¦' ¦¦—¦'¦¦'¦¦¦ M """"", :.mit;'..' , ' ' - — i ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ i n * ¦¦¦¦¦¦ i *
San Francisco, Tuesday, 25 August, 1903.
*k«33- — sod
no discount
E -
One of the best designed folding beds we ever had
on our floors. Full swell front with ornamental carving
above. • Oak golden finish and made by the best factory
in the world — bar none. If you buy one and it doesn't
suit, send it back and the money is yours again.
The price — $33.00— is the lowest we can quote and
make a profit. And strange as it may look in an adver-
tisement nowadays, WE are compelled to make a profit.
No "rake offs," no commissions, no discounts to
anybody from this or any other price we quote.
By the way, the carpet store is doing the business
of its life right now on two certain lines of carpet-r-
tapestry brassels at 85 cents and velvets at $1.35 the .
yard, sewed, lined and laid. The value, is a little more
than usual for the price.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street.The Board of Education created an alarming prece
dent for itself a few days ago when it refused to dis
miss a teacher from the department without cause.
The fact that the same teacher had once been dis
missed and returned by order of court with complete
back salary may have had something to do with the
board's refreshing exhibition of morality. Reforms
may be won slowly, but they arc won.
We refrain from the extensile comment that might
be made, but all who read the investigation will make
their own comment and reach the conclusion that
THE investigation of the escape at Folsom is
not good reading for Californians, nor is it
good reading for the State when put before
Eastern readers. It is not necessary to review the
details, the lack of. discipline, of nerve, of judgment
in emergency. They reveal a condition in that prison
that calls for action of the most drastic nature.
It is useless to talk about walls around a prison
where guards unlock gates at the command of des
perate convicts. Nor is it useful now to instruct
guards to fire on escapes, no matter whom they may
hit, after the neglect of that most primary necessity
has cost the Jives of so many people in the hills and
chaparral of El Dorado County. What is needed in
every prison is an officiary that knows it is enlisted
to kill and be killed in any form of emergency. The
desperate class among convicts are perfect judges of
human nature. They note the lack of nerve by a
thousand signs not seen by others. Rules and regu
lations are worthless unless put in the hands of men
to enforce who have courage, quickness and initia
tive. Every Californian knows that the Folsom af
fair could not have happened with General McComb
or Canjain Aull in charge. They were great prison
wardens, and, though they arc dead, there are men
left of the same quality.
THE FOLSOM INQUIRY.
The Czar of Russia has been accused of giving se
cret aid to the Macedonians in the hideous revolt
which is now raging in the Balkans. If the Czar of
Russia were guilty of every offense of which he is
charged he could claim 'absolute perfection in devil
try. As it is his name supplies suggestion to the
romancing pencils of the press correspondents.
IN the discussion of mobs and lynching by the Cen
tral Assembly of the Chautauqua, Mr. Graves of
Georgia justified lynching as punishment of the
crime unspeakable, and charged that crime in fre
quency elsewhere unheard of and unknown upon the
Southern negro. This charge has caused a resort to
statistics. In the whole United States there are
3,800,000 negro males over five years of age; In the
past twelve months thirty-eight negroes^ committed
this crime, for which thirty were lynched and eight
were legally executed. So that the ratio of the
crime is less than one to 100,000 of the colored males
in the whole country. In Chicago, in the same twelve
months, the same crime was committed by sixty
three white men, or at the ratio of one, assault to
each 12,000 white males over five years of age in
that city. These statistics are not quoted . in praise
of the abstention of negroes, but as an interesting
contribution to the discussion of race tendencies.
THE CRIME OP CRIMES.
Oakland has tried the intelligent experiment of re
ducing the number of pupils in each class of her pub
lic schools, thus giving to teachers greater opportuni
ties to devote their time to necessary individual in
struction. The result is that hundreds of non-resi
dents are seeking to send their children to the schools
in Oakland. A suggestion of imitation would proba
bly strike our Board of. Education as absurd.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦? V
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Look out fcr 81 Fourth, front of barber,
grocer. Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to Me.*
A Federal Grand Jury was Impaneled
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven. The following compose the
jury: Fred Hanak. Louis Felling. Charles
Holbrook, Edwin W. Joy. G. "W. Hendry,
P. T. Sprague. A. F. Kerr, F. S. Kendall,
Marshall A. Newell. A. Palies. John Ham
mond. Albert W. Scott. L. S. Quimby.
Byron Mauzy, L. E. Lee. J. Young, C.
Hirsch, A. C. Anderson, Thomas P. An
drews, B. Hayden. \WillIam F. Hatch,
Louis Hartler and H. B. Belden. Mr.
Scott was elected foreman.
Federal Grand Jury Impaneled.
John A. Gill. local agent of the Mer
chant Dispatch Freight Line, receive*
word yesterday from Kew York that in
the future all fast freight trains over
the New York Central and Lake Shora,
lines will make the trip from New York"
to Chicago In sixty hours. This Is a cut
In the time schedule from three days,
which was In the past the fastest time
made to frelsrht service.
Freight Time No-w Sixty Hours.
A special meeting of the Merchants* As
sociation, at which there will be a gen
eral discussion of the feasibility of a
bond issue for municipal Improvements at
the present time, will be held at Golden
Gate Hall this evening. The public Is
invited to attend. The speakers will be
F. W. Dohrmann, A. S. Baldwin. James
D. Phelan, City Engineer Grunsky.
George Renner. Catherine Rittell and
Chief of Police Wittman. Others who
may wish will also be given an oppor
tunity to set forth their views on the
question.
Will Discuss Bond Issue.
Samuel "Wlllmott, aged 40 years, whose
residence was at 733 Guerrero street, died
suddenly yesterday an hour after betr.?
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital.
Willmott had been conducting a cigar
store at 219 Mason street and had Just
disposed of his business and made a final
settlement of his indebtedness when he
was stricken with an apoplectic fit en the
street. He was removed to the hospital,
but was beyond all medical aid. Deceased
had been Indisposed of late and had in
tended, visiting his father's country resi
dence in the hope of being restored to
health.
Citizen Dies Suddenly.
The whole country is interested in knowing
whether the ether States which have taken the ballot
from the negro propose also to take away his school
house.
Thoughtful people see the danger to any com
monwealth of having a vast majority of its people
deprived entirely of education. It is an element of
such danger that it furnishes an unanswerable argu
ment for the entire subjection of the proscribed class
to chattel slavery and to complete control by the
dominant race. In no other way can such an im
mense mass of ignorance be made safe for the State.
As involuntary servitude is forbidden by the Federal
constitution, it should be seen that safety lies in edu
cation and can be found in nothing else.
Therefore no excuse can be offered for Vardaman
that will he accepted by sensible men. But, as was to
have been expected, excuses are not lacking, and it is
surprising that the first one comes from as enlight
ened a source as the Atlanta Constitution. That paper
says that Mississippi gave Vardaman a plurality in re
taliation upon the President for forcing upon the peo
ple of Indianola a negro postmaster.
As we recall the facts in that matter they are these:.
The postofnee at Indianola had been held for fifteen
years &y an intelligent and well-behaved mulatto
woman, who had served under administrations of
both parties. The grade and salary of the office were
raised, so that it became a prize for white politicians,
and the postmistress was ordered to resign and
threatened with death by lynching if she did not. An
American should instantly appreciate that this Gov
ernment cannot, with self-respect, accept the resig-
Bation of its officers under such circumstances. The
President took the only possible course, and was im
mediately accused of "forcing a nigger" upon the
people of Indianola!
By this statement it will be seen that what the At
lanta Constitution means is that when the adminis
tration will not change a postmaster long in service
when the officer is threatened with murder the State
of Mississippi will resent his act by depriving a ma
jority of her people of education.
MISSISSIPPI has just had a primary election
to indicate the choice of the State for Gov
ernor sr.d United States Senators. As only
one political party is permitted to exist in that State
the contest was internecine. McLaurin and Money
C^ere indorsed for the Senate, but there was no major
ity for Governor, and therefore no choice, so that
there must be another poll for that office.
The candidates were Major Vardaman, Judge Critz
and Colonel Xoel. Vardaman led, partly because he
has shown his "blood"' by killing two men. but mainly
because he advocated allotment of the school fund
by races, giving it in proportion to the color of the
taxpayer instead of per capita to all children of school
age. The negroes in Mississippi outnumber the
whites by about 400,000. The new constitution effi
ciently disfranchises them, and Vardaman's plan closes
their schoolhouses and forbids their education. . His
campaign was very violent in outrageous abuse of
President Roosevelt and in his expressions of a sav
age purpose to "keep the nigger down." Both
Colonel Xoel and Judge Crist advocated allotment of
the school fund per capita, and as Noel drops out,
under the rules of ihc second poll, his vote will go to
the others. If it be cast for Judge Crist the school
fund will be properly distributed. Otherwise Varda
man's policy will prevail, and the world will be fur
nished a new illustration of a very old thing, that
men deprived of political power soon have all rights
taken awav from them.
NEW YORK, Aug. 24.— The following
Californians are in New York: San Fran
cisco — J. S. Arguelle at Criterion, S. Qulnn
and wife at Manhattan; H. G. Wendt and
wife. W. Hays at Cadillac; P. Bancroft
at Herald Square; J. B. Cooper, A. H. G.
Cooper, F. L. Orcutt. Mrs. Dillon at Sa
voy; "W. Green at "Winsonia: J. H. Had
ley, J. A. Henry at Imperial; Mrs. C. M.
Murphy, 'Miss S. M. Murphy at Victoria;
G. M. Perine and wife at New Amsterdam;
P. J. Zscbock at Broadway Central.
Los Angeles— W. R. Flynn at St Denis.
'"Oakland— J. F. Collum at Astor.
Californians in New York.
MISSISSIPPI'S GOVERNOR.
Dr. A. S. Walss, an eminent medical
practitioner of New Orleans, who has
been residing in Los Angeles, is in the
city. He is accompanied by his wife, a
society lady of the Crescent City.
Gus Holmes, proprietor of the Hotel
Angelus at Los Angeles and the Knutts
ford at Salt Lake, Is at the Palace. He
is en route to New York and will be in
the East for several weeks.
General Passenger Traffic Manager B.
O. McCornrck of the Southern Pacific,
who has been traveling for a couple of
weeks on the coast on an inspection tour,
returned to the city yesterday.
F. M. Cameron, who conducts a gen
eral merchandise store at Hanford, is
registered at the Grand.
J. J. Hebbron, one of the most promi
nent caitle men of the State, is here on
a short business trip and has made his
headquarters at the Grand.
Jackson Hatch, a prominent resident of
San Jose. Is at the Palace.
J. W. Kaseburg, a capitalist of Roae
ville. Is a guest at the Grand.
C. Moltzer, a rancher of Point Reyes,
13 tpending a few days at the Grand.
N. T. Barry, a well known medical
practitioner of Salinas, Is among the ar
rivnls at the Grand.
PERSONAL MEiNTION.
If the owners do not wish to have their
products sold they will be returned to
owners or agents. The exhibits will there
fore be practically loaned during the ex
position season- ---." » \-
The California Commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition have notified canners
and driers of California fruits that it is
desired to make a special display at St.
Louis of both canned and dried fruits rep
resentative of the resources of this State,
and that if packers and driers will supply
their products in readiness for exhibition
the Commissioners will take them, pay
the freight to St. Louis. Install them and
at the close of the exposition sell the
goods on account of the owners thereof.
Dried fruits must be packed in tweaty
flve-pound boxes. Three thousand such
boxes will be needed, and from 200 to S00
boxes is the quantity that each interested
party may supply, each collection to con
tain as many varieties as possible.
The canned fruits are to be packed part
ly in tin and partly in glass. The Com
missioners say that there ought to be at
least 20,000 cans for an adequate display,
and on this basis the largest canners
ought to supply at least a ton of fruit.
The goods will be so installed at Et. Louis
that each collection will be an individual
exhibit. ri-i
Commissioners A*k for Co-operation
of Canners and Driers of
This State.
P&EPAIUNG TO EXHIBIT
FRUITS OP CALIFORNIA
„ It will be readily perceived that neither Judge
Woodward nor Judge Lore stated the position of Jus
tice Brewer fairly. Brewer's plea is not for railroad
ing a suspected man to the gallows or to prison. It
is no more nor less than a plea that has been made
over and over again by earnest men seeking a rem
edy for the manifest evils of our system of criminal
prosecution. Lynch law is not the only evidence that
something is wrong with our legal machinery for the
prosecution and punishment of crime. The number of
murders committed in the United States is appalling
for a civilized country, and the percentage of offend
ers punished is much lower than it should be.
Clearly then there is something wrong. The public
has believed Brewer to be right,. but now that other
Judges rise to combat his doctrine an interesting sub
ject is open for controversy. Who shall decidewhen
Judges disagree?
JUSTICE BREVVER of the United States Su
preme Court has recently declared a conviction
that the law's delay is in some measure respon
sible for the prevalence of lynch law. He does not
even by implication offer an excuse or a palliation of
lynching, for he speaks of the offenses jaf the mobs
.as "atrocities," but after asking what can be done to
stay the evil he says: "One thing is the establishment
of a greater confidence in the summary and certain
punishment of the criminal. Men are afraid of the
law's delays and the uncertainty of its results. Not
that they doubt the integrity of the Judges, but they
know that the law abounds with technical rules, and
that appellate courts will often reverse a judgment of
conviction for a disregard of such rules, notwithstand
ing a full belief in the guilt of the accused. If all
were certain that the guilty, ones would be promptly
tried and punished the inducement to lynch would be
largely taken away."
The view thus stated coincides with public opinion,
and there has been a widespread commendation of
the position taken by Justice Brewer. Other Judges,
however, have hastened to assert an opposite doc
trine and to maintain that the law's delay has in no
degree rendered the people discontented with 'the
processes of the courts— at least not to such an extent
as to impel them to take the law into their own hands
and inflict punishment by lynching. Thus Judge
Woodward of New York stated in a Chautauqua ad
dress: "The technical rules which are made use of by
the guilty to delay the day of execution are the rules
which guarantee to the innocent the preservation of
their rights, even in the face of popular clamor.". He
went on to say that all attempts to determine the
efficiency of law by consideration of the amount of
time elapsing between the commission of the crime
and the final act of the jury is foolish.
A similar statement is reported from Justice Lore
of Delaware, who, also addressing the Chautauquans,
said: "Any court of justice that would listen to the
mob and Buffer it to prescribe its methods should be
abolished as a mockery of human justice. The more
brutal the crime, the more degraded the criminal, the
more widespread and intense the public outrage, the
more imperative it is that courts of justice should
give a caftn. just and fair hearing and that the guilt be
established, otherwise .men may be punished for a
crime they did not commit."
WHERE JUDGES DIFFER.
TUESDAY AUGUST 25, 1903
¦¦ ¦ ¦ "it ,..'..-. ¦¦•'.-.-' _^^^_^^_____-
:ora [ J^^™ EC if?J:_ pro ! rictor - - ---
r- cms Ail Ccmmuntcctlons to W. S. LEAI^E. Wanoger.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PIBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market tnd Third, S. F".
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 StereniOB St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Includlnr Pootaye (Cash "With Order):
I3AILT CALL <Inclu<!ir.g Sunday), ona Jftr fS.OO
DAILY CALL rtncludin* Sunday). 6 month* 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Slnxl« Month T 3 *
BOXDAY CALL. On« Year 2 -*J*
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l.OO
f Pally... fS.SO Per Tear Extra.
FOREIGN* POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All Po»tmast*T« «rf authorised to receive
snbscrtptlon*.
fair.rW» ccries will be forwarded when requested.
Mali *ub*orlber« In ordering change of address 6hould b«
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a jiroinpt and correct compliance with their rtqueet-
OAKLAM) OFFICE.
HIS Broadway. Telephone Main 1OS3
DCltKELBV OFFICE.
2I4S Center Street Telephone Worth 77
C. GEORGE KltOOES*!. Manager Forelsrn Adver
ttz-lne. Marqortte Hnlldlnjr. Chlcasro.
<Lcng Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CRANE 14O6 G Street, I*. W.
NETCV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Bnlldlns:
C NET^ YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX '• • Herald Square
NEW TORK NETwF STANDS:
Vfaldcrf-Aetorla Batel; A. Brectano, 31 Union Square;
Murray H!!l Hotel; Flfth-aveou* Hotel an.l Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. New*'. Co. : Great Northern HoteS;
Treinont House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRAXrH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, comer of Clay, cpen
tfr until 9 :30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen ur.til 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lark In. open until
fc:3O o" clock. 1341 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1
Msrket. ccrner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
£ until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmcre, cpen until 9 p. m.
President Roosevelt and his advisers discussed re
cently ways and means to improve the political situa
tion in New York. Let Tammany Hall have free
reign and the people in natural revolt will flee to
anything else that presents itself. Democratic-ex
cesses may always be relied upon as elements of Re
put*Iictin success
A mass meeting has been held and the
citizens are aiding the authorities in
fighting the mosquito. •
"This is a tin can town." he said. "The
people of Honolulu use more canned
goods than any other town of its size.
These cans are taken up by the Chinese
and Japanese swill -gatherers and then
thrown out along the road or piled up in
the valleys far from town. The rain fills
the cans and the mosquitoes breed in
them by the million. The first thing to do
must be Up rid the town of empty tin
cans."
HONOLULU. Aug. IS.— The fight on
the mosquito plague has already been
partially successful. City Sanitary Offi
cer Tracy, who will probably be chosen
to conduct the Board of Health war
against the pests, says that experiments
already started In various parts of the
city show noticeable results In the dimin
ution of the number of mosquitoes in the
particular localities where the war has
been waged. Tracy believes that. one of
the things that must be eliminated be
fore the mosquito can be exterminated
is the tin can.
Special Correspondence to The Call.
At a quiet home wedding held in this
city. yesterday morning at the residence
ox Mrs. N. Allman, 56 Webster street her
charming daughter, Mrs. Margaret Smith
became the bride of Frank Dale a
wealthy Colorado mining man. A wed
ding breakfast was served, to which a
few intimate friends were invited, and the
happy couple then left for Santa Barbara
where the honeymoon will be spent. After
a limited sojounrin the southern part of
the State Mr. and Mrs. Dale will depart
for Denver, their future home, and In the
fall will start on an extended tour abroad
• • •
The well-known 'deaf-mute artist Jaques
Alexander of New York arrived yester
day. He will remain in the city a few
months and will visit the principal cities
on the coast. He is with relatives at 1613
McAllister street/ .¦'-
Mrs. Fred Hatch and her little daugh
ter Ruth have been spending the summer
in the, southern part of the State. They
are at present in Santa Barbara at the
Potter.
• !rL •'¦¦ /'-m
Mrs. Oscar Fred Hunt, formerly Sophie
Booth Ohm,, has been busy entertaining
her father-in-law, Zophar Hunt, and
brother-in-law, Amos Z. Hunt, of Wash
ington, D. C.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles McGinn of Port
land, Or., have taken up their residence
in this city and will be at home to their
friends at 2S21 Pine street.
Max Cohen and his daughter. Miss Josle
B. Cohen, have returned to their home
after a delightful tour of the Eastern
States during the last three months
? • •
Mrs. Helen A. Bunker, who has been
spending the winter with her son, Lieu
tenant L. C. Bunker, Fifty-ninth Coast
Artillery. San Juan, Porto Rico, arrived
her a week ago with a party of friends in
a private car and Is visiting her son
George D. Bunker, and daughter, Mrs. A.
J. Kahn of Napa. Mrs. Bunker will
remain until the fall, when she will again
join her son in New York, where he will
be stationed.
The California Women's Whist League is
looking forward to the afternoon of Sep
tember 3, when It -will entertain its friends
at straight whist and at the same time
celebrate the league's first anniversary
at an open meeting in Red Men's Hall, 320
Post street. The secretary. Mrs. E. Deer
ing, has been, very busy issuing cards and
receiving acceptances, which is very flat
tering to so young a club. The league,
which is the consolidation of three clubs
is the youngest whist club in California
and is affiliated with several of the East
ern and Pacific Coast leagues. The league
Is very proud of its membership and has
fine, spacious clubrooms at 330 Post street,
where over seventy ladles enjoy duplicate
whist on Thursday afternoons, playing a
series of seven games in teams. At the
close of the series there are two hand
some prizes awarded to the two best
scores in each team of eight. On Monday
afternoons there are several tables of
straight whist players. This being pro
gressive is very social and serves as a
practice game. Members are requested to
Invite friends on Mondays, and the lady
making the highest score is also a prize
winner. Illustrated lessons are given on
Mondays and Thursdays by a profes
sional, to which members and friends are
invited. Lessons begin at 1:30 o'clock
sharp. Applications for membership
should be filed before series begins. Sep
tember 1, to enable directors to arrange
teams. The club will resume playing in
its own clubrooms August 3L The straight
whist prize on Monday, August 17, was
won by Mrs. S. F. Grisslm.
Mrs. Conrad Babcock is visiting her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Eells.
• * •
Miss Sara Drum and her Bister, Mrs.
William G. Hitchcock, have gone to New
York.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Habenicht are spending
the summer at Hotel Belvedere.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin are the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. William Tevls at
Tahoe.
Mrs. Oscar F. Long and her two daugh
ters are at Santa Barbara.
¦ • * •
The officers of the United States train-
Ing ship Alert gave an informal dance
on board Saturday, evening, entertaining
a large number of San Diego people, their
ship being anchored in that vicinity just
now. Mrs. Frederick J. Home, formerly
Alma McClung, and Mrs. W. W. Kimball
received the guests.
• * •
Mrs. Roosevelt, wife of Captain Henry
L. Roosevelt, will return to the . Philip
pines on the Thomas, which will sail to
day. Mrs. Roosevelt has been home on a
visit to her parents. Judge and Mrs. Mor
row, at whose home In San Rafael she
became a bride more than a year ago.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Wempe, who are spend
ing their honeymoon traveling abroad, are
at present in Dublin. They have enjoyed
their trip through England, Scotland and
Ireland immensely.
• • •
Dr. Carrie A. Goss, who has recently
come from San Jose to assist her sister,
Dr. Alice M. Goss, in the practice of
medicine, is taking a few days' rest at
Vacation Camp, near Guerneville. Dr.
Goss will return on Saturday and will re
side with her sister, Dr. Alice M. Goss,
at 1792 Sutter street.
• * •
Mrs. Howard Holmes was hostess at a
luncheon yesterday at her home on Green
street. Mrs. Philip Worcester was guest
of honor, and eleven other guests com
pleted the party. /
• • •
guests. Only intimate friends and rela
tives have been asked to the marriage,
and there will be no reception, for the
bride and groom will leave immediately
for their wedding trip. Mr. Beardsley has
selected apartments on Sutter street, and
their post-nuptials will be held when they
return from their honeymoon.
• * *
Tuesday,. September 1. "The little Sweden
borglan Church at Lyon and Washington
streets will be the scene of the nuptials,
and its artistic interior will be a charm
ing setting in which the young lovers will
plight their -vows. Rev. Dr. Worcester
will perform the ceremony at 6 o'clock in
the presence of fifty or sixty Invited
inson and George Beardsley Jr. is set for
The wedding day of Miss Kathryn Rob-
HONOLULU, Aug." 18.— The United
States naval transport Celtic arrived
here on August 13 and has been dock»d
at the naval wharf. The Cettlc 13 a cold
storage vessel which, together with the
steamship Glacier, has been kept running
between Australia and Manila taking
fresh meat for the navy. She Is fitted
with a large and elaborate refrigerating
plant. She Is at present on her way to
Mare Island, where she will probably be
subjected to an extensive overhaullnT.
since she has been running In Asiatic
waters for quite a long time. The Oltu
has taken 500 tons of coal on board ana
will get away to-morrow.
The Celtic carries a crew of 101 men,
most of them short timers, whose ser
vice will have expired before or shortly
after the vessels arrival at the coast.
There are several passengers, all in tin
Government employ, and eight marines
from Guam going home on sick leav».
The officers of the Celtic are as follows:
Lieutenant Commander Gill. Lieutenant
I. F. Landls, Ensign Landram, Dr. Mur
phey. Paymaster Hatch. Pay Clerk
Lohse.
Special Correspondence to The Call.
The issue is one of moment to every industry of
our people, for farmers, iron miners, coal miners, lum
bermen, cattlemen, manufacturers and merchants
are all directly concerned in the foreign trade; of the
country, while workingmen of every class would be
benefited by the employment at home of the money
now expended in paying freights to foreign shipping.
It is time for public sentiment to declare itself on the
subject, for Congress is soon to assemble, and a reso
lute expression of a popular demand for the promo
tion of the American merchant marine would have
the effect of bringing about effective legislation be
fore the coming winter is over.
ACCORDING to "The Blue Book of American
Shipping," issued by the Marine- Review of
Cleveland, not a single contract has been let
for an American vessel to engage in foreign trade
during the past two years. The simple statement of
the fact should be sufficient to arouse popular inter
est in the subject, for there is surely something
wrong when a country like our own, whose foreign
commerce is enormous, makes no effort whatever to
provide ships for carrying it, but is content to leave
it in the hands of foreign ship-owners.
There are other facts equally startling in their reve
lations of our neglect of the ocean merchant marine.
A recent circular issued by the New York Board of
Trade and Transportation says: "It is a fact that the
United States of 1810, with seven million inhabitants,
owned more registered tonnage for oversea trade
than the United States of 1903, with a population of
eighty million. The tonnage in 1S10 was 981,000; it
is now 873.000, and, worse still, it showed an actual
decrease of six thousand tons from the year before.
In 1810 American ships and American sailors carried
91.5 per cent of their country's ocean trade, and,
moreover, a great share of that of Europe. In 1861,
though we had already lost our Atlantic steam lines
and our ship-building. was falling off, we still carried
65.2 per cent of our own trade and some of the trade
of other nations. American ships last year conveyed
only 8.8 per'cent of our imports and exports. Our
registered tonnage in 1861 stood at 2,406,000. It
stands now at 873,000. Two-thirds of our once great
and powerful deep sea fleet has vanished — and not one
new keel for a deep sea ship is being laid on either
our Atlantic or Pacific coastline."
While we are doing nothing, foreign ship-builders
and ship-owners are busy. A continuously increas
ing fleet of foreign vessels carries -our trade for us,
levying a tribute from every pound of freight, whether
of export or import. Careful calculations made by
various experts are to the effect that the tribute
amounts to fully $100,000,000 annually, and some
authorities make the estimates much higher. Were
the sums thus expended in paying freight and pas
senger rates to foreigners kept at home and employed
in promoting American shipyards and American
ships, there would be an enlarged demand for all
kinds of raw material used in ship-building and an
increased amount of work and wages available for
American labor. We would thus not only rid our
selves of the position of a tributary nation, but would
materially increase our domestic industries as well as
expanding our foreign trade.
A summary of the shipping statistics of the leading
nations of the world, compiled from official reports,
says: "The British empire has 14,800,000 tons of
merchant shipping; Germany, 2,960,000 tons; France,
1,480,000 tons; Norway, 1,660,000 tons; Italy, 1,180,
000 tons. By far the larger part of all these fleets is
engaged in ocean carrying. But the United States of
America, which produces far more merchandise and
now sends more abroad than any other nation, has
a fleet registered for deep sea commerce of only 873,
000 tons."
Not content with their present advantage on the
seas, foreign Governments are actively aiding their
great steamship companies in extending their lines
and increasing the number and the tonnage of their
vessels. Germany's policy in that respect is well
known, but of late Great Britain has been the most
conspicuous among the nations for liberality of gov
ernmental aid in the promotion of a national mer
chant marine. The subsidies just given to the Cunard
line show what Great Britain thinks of the value
of a merchant marine of her own, and the approval
with which the grant has been received by the pub
lic proves that the British people are as alert as the
Government itself to keep British commerce in Brit
ish ships instead of leaving it to pass into the hands
of foreigners.
American ship-owners could not successfully com
pete against foreign lines so largely subsidized by
their Government even if other conditions were equal,
but they are not equal. Our ship-owners have to
face not only the odds of governmental, subsidies,
but the further odds of low wages in foreign ship
building yards and on foreign ships. The difference in
wages itself amounts to a considerable handicap on
the American and goes far to account for the failure
of American enterprise to hold its own in the ocean
carrying trade of the world.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
CITIZENS WAR
ON MOSQUITOES
IN HONOLULU
SOCIAL LIFE
RESUMES ITS
USUAL COURSE
CARRIES COLD
STORAGE MEAT
FOR THE NAVY
The country is being^roamed over by nearly half a
score of desperadoes now, heroes in the eyes of the
criminal class, ?. menace to society, their success a
spur to like ventures in every prison, because Folsom
was inefficiently officered.
what is needed at Folsom is not walls alone, nor rules
and regulations, but' men in charge .who understand
that no matter what the difficulties in the way of a
convict he considers it his business to escape if he
can, and it is a play of mind against mind, nerve
against nerve, and his restraint lies, in eternal watch
fulness and constant courage on the part of those
who are set over him.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL/ TUESDAY. AUGUST 25, 1903.
Since Colombia has sulked so shamefully on us
in reference to the Panama Canal, Nicaragua is again
flirting with us for the possession of that which her
s-ister has so contemptuously thrown away. Perhaps
under the circumstances Uncle Sam could look far
ther and fare worse if he leaves the field now clearly
open to him
A girl was killed a few days ago in Philadelphia,
the medium of destruction being a golf ball thrown
wUh great force. This . appears "to be the first re
corded instance which indicates that golf may be in
cluded in the category of modern and manly Ameri
can Sports. Nothing less than a violent death seems
adequate these days to make outdoor sports worth
the , while • • .
A Chinese of this city has been marked for death
by his fellows because he had the Mongolian effron
tery to steal away and marry another coolie's. slave
girl. The fact is interesting and perhaps timely as a
suggestion that the slave trade is an institution which
should be abolished in San Francisco. Independent
of its offensive features, it is likely to give us a bad
name among out neighbors.
The Macedonian revolutionists have frankly ad
mitted that it is their purpose to resort to the use of
dynamite in their campaign against the Turks, arro
gating even the barbarous privilege to destroy pas
senger trains conveying non-combatants. With this
threat before him it is not likely that the Turk will
jeopardize his notorious character as the most fiend
ish of foes. He has not yet shaken himself into bat
tle form.
A man considers that he.goea ud In th«
world when his friends go down.
6
I THE MAN YOU LOVE. |
8 IT has been said repeatedly that any woman, who is not positively C :
» , I deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart S
8 Jl upon, buty-can she? How many women have smilingly accepted g
8 the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques- g
S tion anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir. S
« What an old, old. problem it is, to be sure, but oh. how appallingly «
o new to most of the gentler sex who will read these lines. Matrimony S
8 — the right man — a comfortable, happy home. It is the one great prob- S
g lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the grave. They are the ideals §
Q that women have always cherished, always will. 'And how many, or g"
8 rather, how few.' realize their ideals. S
S It is a problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever «
S try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the preroe- g
Q atives of life worth havine. may woo and win where and when he list- **
S eth. But to woman — passive, receptive woman — what is sriven? She Q
« must wait her lover's cominsr. She may not seek, as man does, that which o
S pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she must §
« make what poor selection is afforded her, and, burying the ideal, snve all S
S the fluttering, clinging hope of the future to shaping the real into g
g something akin to the eod of her dreams. o
S And in this world of sham and show, of the mad chase for wealth. 8
B the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was before. «
» Even though 'it has been lone accepted as somethine akin to a ioke. it o
o happens all too often in real life that she loves the poor man. and must S
8 choose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor. S
I5 Perverse woman, say the knowing and the worldly: but v onlv the cirl §
c£ who has been confronted with su c h a problem can realize the heartburn- 8
8 ingr. the sublime emotional traeedy of it all. Whichever way she chooses js
g some great part of the ideal is shattered and — what then? i%
Q Every woman who reads is seeking the answer to just such a ques- 8
S tion. Just a few of those who w rite .have tried to answer it for her. g
8 Such a one is the "Half-Hour-Storiette" in the next Sunday Call, en- 8
S titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title, isn't it? Well, it is a w
« curious story, and one that answe rs the nroblem as — well, read it and S
8 see if you would answer it that If you are a woman it is ten rt
8 chances to pne you would or would you? g
S Perhaps,' after all. you wouldn't, for there is another storv that solves §
j£ the riddle in a different way. It is called "Betwixt Dad and Toe." ,but «
g the problem before the eirl is n°t exactly what you would infer from <3
3 that title — indeed not bv a ereat deal. Nor can you puess what man- S
g ner of finesse she used to brin«r about a happy endine — the onlv sort an S
8 ardent girl will ever accept. Still another is "Under the Car of the 8
g Juggernaut." but the eirl in this st Q r 7 did not have things as much her 8
O own way as you mieht think sh e did from such a title. Or does that
S title convey as clear a conceot' on of what a remarkable storv this is iR
ft as a well selected title should? You'll be able to decide that question, o
« best for your«c1f when you read fl- the brigrht. clever, up-to-date stories *
K on the two "Half-Hour-Storiette" pages in the next Sunday Call. 5
S Then, to be sure, there is th* second installment of "Brewster's §
g Millions" wh'*ch goes far toward clearing the mysterv of how lie 3
£> spent one million a vear to make six more. " If you think it is the §
S easiest thine in the world to soe n d" a million a year, eet your money's §
Cf worth and yet have nnthtnsr'to show for it at the e"d of that time. Q
S you'll find valuable informit'on in the vert Sunday O»R 8
j§ You'll find also "A F*»d Hailed v Cuo?d" bv Henry Wallace PhiWps. «
Q "The Etionette of the Hostess" hy Madge Mnoref the San Francisco «
S ?enman who ha« iust broueht a «rreat ship safely into harbor bv ridJncr *5
{xj the brokrn rudder* in a storm liVe a tramo on a b^ake-beam. "Old 3
W Goreon Graham's A'nhabrt." w^'ch is the »u"*»test t^inf vnu ever «n\r. o
E* exceot perhang the "Wonderfnt Kmedom of Wonderful Thines." which **
S* reallv is a full oatre of sometlv'"<? new under the st'". Q
g But what iv the use of tclline you any mor*. Voti w'1l $e~. all this «
o for your«MfJ and much more, very much rnore. besides in the next »
8 Sunday Call, that is if you care anything at all about snappy, brilliant g
gj- ti*»wsn?oers. . £fc
NEW : ADVEETISEMEST&
OLD AGE
Comes to Every One, but Its Visits
May Be Postponed.
Old age Is not a question of years
Some men are old at 40, others are young
It's* a mighty hard proposition to look
young, no matter how young you feel
if your hair la falling out and your head
becoming bald. ¦
Perhaps you are tired trying ineffectual
remedies for this evil.
We don't blame you if you are.
Why not try an effective one for a
change? . .
-. Newbro's -Heroicide , kills the dandruff
germ— which I3 the cause of the whole
trouble.. :¦¦"¦', •
"Destroy the cause you remove «the ef-
fect.'"
Sold by leading- druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,,
Detroit. Mich. - - . 1Have you seen our new $22 All Steel Gas
Range? San Francisco Gas & Elec. Co. •
Frank Duffy, residing, at 2SS7 Twenty
second street, had the fingers of his left
hand and the thumb of his right hand
badly crushed. yesterday through the arm
of a crane falling on his hands. Duffy
was taken to • the ¦ Central : Emergency
Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell found Unnec
essary to amputate all the Injured fingers
at the second Joint.
Injured While at Work.
The Burllngame Land Company was in
corporated yesterday for $75,000, of which
$61,600 la subscribed. The directors and
the amounts they have subscribed follow:
F. S. Moody, $47,950: James Newlands Jr.,
$6000; Henry T. Scott, $2500; F. J. Carolan.
$2000, and J. K. Moffltt, $50. C. F. Kohl
subscribed $3000. '
Bhngumites Incorporate.
Jose Martinez, a quarrymar. employed
at Warren's camp on the Mission road,
met with a painful accident yesterday
while at work. Without warning a large
piece of rock fell from a height and badly
crushed; the forefinger of his right hand.
Martinez suYtered great pain and was
taken to the City an<T County Hospital,
where his Injury was attended to.
Has Finger Crushed.
/ Mrs. Louise Lamprell, 326 Brannan
street, secured a warrant from Pdllde
Judge Mogan ysterday for the arrest of
Joseph N. L#amprell, her .divorced hus
band, on a charge of threats to kill. She
said she was divorced from him two years
ago and secured. the custody of their two
children. On Sunday night he called at
her house and pulling out a revolver said
he intended to kill her. She screamed and
ran out of the house and some of the
neighbors came to her rescue. She Is
afraid he will carry out' his threat. Hence
the warrant. . . . . ' \
Wants to Kill Divorced Wife.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday Imposed a sentence of six years
imprisonment In the penitentiary at San
Quentin upon George Brown,-the octo
genarian counterfeiter who has spent fifty
years of hl3 life 'in prison. . Brown is in
bad health and very feeble and the im
piession prevails that he will not live dur
ing the whole of his term of imprison
ment. George Rose, who had pleaded
guilty of conspiracy to manufacture coun
terfeit coin, was sentenced to one year's
imprisonment in the. County Jail, ills
companion in crime. Christos Patriklou
poulou, pleaded guilty of conspiracy and
will be sentenced next Saturday.
Counterfeiters Sentenced.
The ordinance giving notice of an elec
tion on October 8, 1D03, for the purpose of
submitting the proposition to issue bonds
In the sum of $710,000 for the acquisition
of the Geary-street road was also finally
passed. i;'..^.
Braunhart declared that the expenditure
of the money would be judicially made
by the Board of Works. Brandenstein
said that even If some of the money
would be unwisely expended it was no
argument against the need of the im
provements and that the city should go
ahead commercially. .
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Changing - and establishing: grades on Polk
street between Lombard and Francisco; on
Chestnut street, between Hyde and Van Ness
avenue, and on Hyde street, between Chestnut
and Francisco, and on streets on Parnassus
QrantinB the Barber Asphalt Company an
extension of ninety day?, from Autruit 18.
within which to repave and widen Third street
from Mission to Berry.
Ordering the construction of a sewer on
Pine street, between Mason and Taylor.
'Granting permission to the Sanitary Re
duction Works to lay a spur track on Rhode
Island street.
Authorizing the Coroner to appoint a Morgue
keeper.
Providing: for the full acceptance cf Hyde
street, between Greenwich and Lombard, and
of New Montgomery street, from Market to
Mission. .
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution appointing Super
visors Payot, Walsh (chairman of the
Committee on Equalization of Assess
ments) and Brandenstein (chairman of
the Finance Committee), Mayor Schmitz
and Assessor Dodge a committee to ap
pear before the Board of Equalization at
Sacramento next Saturday to oppose the
proposed Increase in the assessment roll
of this city and county. The communi
cation from the Board of Equalization
that It intended to raise the roll and cit
ing the Board of Supervisors to show
cause why It should not be done was read
and the board decided to take active
steps to prevent such a course.
The ordinance giving notice of a special
election on September 29, 1903. when the
proposition to Issue bonds in the sum of
$18,135,000 for new sewers, schoolhouses,
hospital and other public improvements
will be submitted to the voters, was fin
ally passed. Braunhart stated that this
is the last step in the matter of bonding
the municipality for necessary improve
ments.
"The principal objection urged to the
remainder of the act Is, first, that It Is
special legislation. The act refers to the
use of these empty bottles by some one
other than the owner of the marks there
on after the original contents of the bot
tles have been taken out and then unlaw
fully trafficking in the empty bottles or re
tilling the same with other beverages.
Something was said in argument that bot
tlers of perfumery, etc.. could not take
advantage of the act. You never heard
of a manufacturer trying to get back bot
tles of perfumery after their having been
emptied. But it is customary that the
bottles containing beverages are to be re
turned to their owners to again be refilled
and sent forth and again gathered up and
returned,' etc.. and in view of the facility
with which these bottles after their con
tents have been emptied may be appro
prlated'by others than the owners there
of, the Legislature may have considered
the bottlers a separate and distinctive
class large enough In justifying them in
making legislation to protect them, and I
do not think I would be Justified In hold
ing that this act Is special legislation in
the meaning of the constitution. And as
to the other objection that the subject Is
not expressed in the title I am also In
clined to. hold that this Is not Eubject to
the objection stated."
The only doubt expressed by Judge Sea
well was as to whether the particular af
fidavit in the. Rosenberg case was made
full enough In its statements of fact, and
upon this point he Indicated a willingness
to hear further argument. But the suf
ficiency of that affidavit Is not important,
inasmuch as a new affidavit and warrant
may now be availed of under Judge Sea
we.il'B opinion sustaining the validity of
the legislation.
"I am of the opinion that section 4 of
that act, so far as it authorizes a search
warrant to issue upon mere information
and belief is in violation of consti
tution of this State, inasmuch as no prob
able cause Is shown for the issuance of
these warrants, but to hold that this sec
tion is void does not affect the balance of
the act nor does it necessarily dispose of
this case. Section Ip24, subdivision 4, of
the Penal Code contains also a provision
which authorizes the issuance of search
warrants in a case of this kind. That sec
tion provides that when the property is a
bottle bearing the duly filed trademark or
name of the person in whose behalf the
search warrant is applied for, is in the
possession of any person except the owner
thereof, with the intent to sell or traffic
or refill the same with the intent to de
fraud the owner thereof, it may be taken
on a search warrant from such person,
etc."
Now there is a marked difference be
tween these sections, the latter not being
subject to the objectionable features con
tained in the former:
"The proceeding which is sought to be
prohibited purports to have been insti
tuted under the act of 1S91, which was
passed for the protection of owners Of
bottles, etc.
By it you will notice that the act to
protect bottlers of beverages has not been
declared unconstitutional as reported, and
that while his Honor held section 4. rela
tive to' the issuance of search warrants on
simple Information and belief was In
valid, he went on to state that this did
not affect the balance of the act and fur
ther that the bottlers had a remedy for
this defective clause in the general search
warrant laws of the State as contained in
the Penal Code.
The following Is the decision of his
Honor in brief:
Owing to an erroneous statement pub
lished in The Call under date of August
16, entitled "Junk Dealers Win," and to
further editorial comments in some of the
dally papers which indicate that a wrong
impression has been formed as to the de
cision of Judge Seawell in this case, we
beg to hand you herewith the decision of
that eminent jurist as taken by. the of
ficial court stenographer.
Judge Seawell's Decision In Brief.
BOTTLE LAWS NOT
UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Every dog has his day and every woman
her knight.
EL PASO, Aug. 24.— Prank D. Brown,
auditor of the San Antonio Brewing As
sociation, was shot and instantly killed
this afternoon by Ben Massey. one of the
proprietors of the Angelus bar.
The shooting was the result of a dispute
over a bill for $2 50, which the brewing
agency claimed was due from Massey.
The saloon man went to the brewery of
fice and expressed his opinion of Brown.
The latter slapped Massey's face. In an
instant Massey drew his six-shooter and
fired four shots, three of which took ef
fect. Brown expired within a few mo
ments. Massey was disarmed by brewery
employes and handed over to th© police.
Epecial Dispatch to Tbe Call.
OPPOSE RAISE
IN ASSESSMENT
I have answered all these questions because
they Interest the water rate payers, but I
submit that the majority of those questions
do not In any manner affect the interests of
the municipal corporation and should not prop
erly be submitted to the City Attorney.
Regarding the, existence of a public
highway, called Troy place, within flfty
vara- lot No. 1403, Lane advises th'at no
such highway is shown on any of the of
ficial maps and it does not appear from
the abstract of title that the street was
ever dedicated to the public by the owner
thereof.
The money collected by the company In ex
cess of the rate fixed by the board «roes into
its treasury, but a bond of $135,000 has been
given to insure the return of any excess so
paid.
The injunction will not In any manner pre
vent the city from acquiring the municipal
water system which the board has already
taken stecs to secure from a source in the
Sierras.
I know of no law requiring the water com
pany to furnish water free of chan~. If the
rate collected is higher than that of 1002 the
company commits a breach of the stipulation
made with the court, upon the strength of
which. In part, the temporary Injunction was
granted.
Tbe water company has no right under the
injunction to demand from th« consumers any
amount In excess of the rate fixed by the
Board of Supervisors. The court has held that
the rate of 1903 is invalid because unreason
able. It must be treated for the time being
as entirely unenforceable.
The company may properly give a receipt
to consumers that the money In oaym«nt is
received subject to the ultimate decision of
the courts as to the validity of the rate of
1008.
City Attorney Lane sent a communica
tion yesterday to the Board of Super
visors In which he replie3 to a number
of questions relating to the present liti
gation Aver water rates of 1903 instituted
in the United States Circuit Court by the
Spring Valley .Water Company. Lane
makes the announcement that in his opin
ion there are no water rates now legally
in force In this city and county. In his
opinion Lane says:
The constitutional provision on the subject
declares that a water rate ordinance put into
effect upon July 1 should continue In force
for "one year and no longer. " The water
rate ordinance of 1002 is .therefore rot now in
force. As to what water rate should be col
lected pending litigation the Circuit Court
made no order or rulinr. Counsel for the
Spring Valley company made the otter in court
to accept the rate fixed in 1902 until the
validity of the 1003 rate was finally determined.
There is no record as to the Drocedure In
the collection of water rates from consumers
in a former case of this kind, namely that
arising out of the rate fixed in 1880, which
was determined adversely to the city, but I
am Informed that the procedure was. the same
aa that now adopted by the water company —
to collect the rate fixed by the previous year.
The injunction does not authorize the col
lection of any water rates: It enjoins the col
lection of water rates under the ordinance of
1003.
The Justinian Caire Company denied
having given a cent, though the firm's
name was down as having contributed $10.
The whole matter, with documentary
evidence, has been turned over to the
police, who are making a thorough in
vestigation and hope to soon have the
men in custody.
The Weinstock-Lubln Company handed
"Eaton" over $5 without a .murmur.
Cashier W. A. Remensberger of the En
terprise Brewery handed his callers the
sum of $10 and . received a receipt from
the man who called himself and signed
himself "J. Eaton."
Fred J. Halton, general auditor of the
United Brotherhood of Railway Employes,
also denied knowing anything of the men.
R. B. Hale of Hale Bros, admitted that
the men called for subscriptions. Not hav
ing complied with the request for a do
nation. -iale pronounced the placing of
his name to the list for the sum of $15
as a forgery. •
When Hale's superintendent, F. H. Wa
ter, scanned the documents he grew
doubtful and told the men he would make
inquiries before advising a donation.
Andrew M. Davis, secretary of the Em
porium, was one of the other citizens ap
plied to, but his suspicions were aroused
as sconSas he scanned the list, and con
sequently begged his callers to allow him
time to make some investigation before
contributing.
The plea for subscriptions purporting to
come from the Order of. Railway Conduc
tors and bearing the official seal of the
order, which must have been fraudulently
appropriated, concludes with the follow
ing peroration:
Hoping to obtain the a*slstanc« of all free
hearted and charitable persons we would ask
their assistance in this undertaking. This
is the only authorized list and has the in
dorsement of the brotherhood. The b«arers
will rive any Information required.
The subscription list shows that the
Order of Railway Conductors gave the
munificent Bum of $500, while the Switch
men's Union of North America was
down with the equally handsome donation
of $500.
Merchants follow with donations in
sums varying from $5 to $15. The amount
supposed to have been realized, including
the donations of the two organizations,
footed up to $11R5.
Thomas Billlngslea, secretary of Divi
sion 115 of the Order of Railway Conduc
tors, when seen yesterday characterized
the "collectors" as swindlers. He said
that the whole thing was an Impudent
fraud, and that so far the order of which
he is* an official had been able to care
for all dependent upon it. He further
stated that it is not the custom of the
order to apply for benefits from merchants
or others, and that no such names as
Joseph Eaton or John Mitchell appeared
on the books of the orcanlzation.
MERCHANTS SUSPICIOUS.
By P. O. LONG, Secretary.
SWITCHMEN'S UNION OK NORTH AMER
ICA.
By H. T. SOHMES. Secretary.
(Seal) Order of Railway Conductors, office
secretary and treasurer.
To whom It may concern: This is to cer
tify that the bearers. Conductor Joseph Eaton
and Brakeman John Mitchell, are authorized
by the undersigned organization to solicit sub
scriptions on list hereto attached, which is
circulated jointly by the Order of Railway Con
ductors and Switchmen's Union of North
America. i
ORDER OF RAILWAY CONDUCTORS.
Very Ehortly after the man had gone
the detective arrived, but too late to be
of any service.
The following is the document by which
the men have been enabled to get sub
scriptions,, though in numerous Instances
they were foiled in their purpose:
FRAUDULENT CREDENTIALS.
Order of Railway Conductors. O. R. C,
Pacific Jurisdiction.
SAN FRANCISCO, Aui. 7. 1003.
The man must have seen Dohrmann at
the telephone and, becoming fearful that
something was about to happen, made a
hasty retreat and was soon lost in the
crowd on the street.
Xo one authorized to solicit for any person
•whatever by the order of the Railway Con
ductors; cannot epeak for the other railway
organizations; can gay positively it is not their
manner of handlins their cases of charity.
The thins smacks etronKly of fraud.
On Saturday Dohrmann was interrupt
ed by being called from his desk by a
tall, sturdy, highly flushed looking indi
vidual, who apprised the merchant that
he had called for his subscription. Dohr
mann says that he was not either of the
men who first called upon him.
The man was bland and expectant and
showed Dohrmann the "list of subscrib
ers" and placed in his hands the "official
credentials" which authorized the collec
tion.
Dohrmann was anxious to read the doc
uments and requested to be allowed to
have them copied and, going out of the
office, paesed the papers to his typewriter
to have a copy made.
Dohrmann also went to the telephone
and called up Captain Wittman with the
request that he send a detective at once.
DECLARED TO BE SWINDLE.
With the merchant's determination im
pressed upon them, the two young men
retired and In the meantime Dohrmann
made inquiries with the result that the
Associated Charities instituted an inves
tigation that resulted in the receipt of the
following telegram dated Thursday, Au
gust 20, from W. H. Sheasby, secretary of
the Order of Railway Conductors, Fresno:
Their representations were backed by
imposing documents, signed and duly and
elaborately sealed and alleged to have
been issued by the order.
Dohrmann did not altogether like the
proposition.
It looked to him to be a shady plea, al
though there was a formidable array of
the most representative merchants al
ready down on the list of charitable sub
scribers that the committee from the "Or
der of Railway Conductors" flashed be
fore the merchant's eyes. Notwithstand
ing these signatures Dohrmann still re
'malned of the opinion that the thing
ought to be investigated.
A casb of one of the most impudent im
positions practiced in the city for some
time has been exposed by Frederick W.
Dohrmann of the Nathan-Dohrmann
Company. A week ago two men called
on Dohrmann. representing themselves to
be railroad employes. They gave their
names as Conductor Joseph Eaton and
Brakeman John Mitchell, telling: the mer
chants on, whom they called that they
were authorized by the Order of Railway
Conductors to collect subscriptions to
swell a fund for the family of an ex
conductor named James Carr, who, they
stated, had lost both of his legs through
a railway accident.
Mr. Burns' friends, of whom he has
many, are flocking to the sub-treasury of
fice to offer their sympathy and encour
agement in the trying ordeal. He has
been presented already with six pairs of
foot warmers and four hot water bottles.
The world has a cold and icy outlook
to Thomas P. Burns, United States As
sistant Treasurer at this port. He dreams
of dull green glaciers and towering Ice
bergs covered with snow, and awakens
with the cold perspiration rolling off his
body like hailstones.
All his tribulation is due to the fact that
he has received a subpena, to appear as
a witness at the trial of Forger Beaseley
in Nome, Alaska. The steamer that will
take him to the Arctic, will ar
rive at Nome on September L The last
boat leaving Nome will sail on September
7. If the trial of Beaseley should not
be concluded' by the latter date Mr. Burns
will be obliged to remain in Nome until
next April with nothing to do but skate
around on snow phoes and eat salt pork
and beans and think of the nice hot birds
going to waste in San Francisco, with
his salary going on as regularly as clock
work.
Friends Flock to His Office
With Foot Warmers
and Condolences. v
. s
Replies to Questions Relat
ing to the Present
Litigation.
Men Professing to Obtain
Money for Charity
Exposed.
Disagreement Over Brewery
Bill Precedes Shoot
ing Affray.
Dohrmann Procures Pa
pers Proving Swin
dling Methods.
City Attorney Lane So
Informs Board of
• Supervisors.
Assistant Treasurer to
Hibernate in Far
Alaska.
Prominent Texan Killed
During Dispute in
El Paso. ;
MERCHANT SHOWS
UP A BIG FRAUD
SLAP ON FACE
CAUSES TRAGEDY
RATE FOR WATER
DOES NOT EXIST
WORLD APPEARS
COLD TO BURNS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
Only 279 papers are printed In Rus
sia, 172 of them being In the Russian
language, 65 In Polish and 43 in Ger
man.
. MANILA. P. 14 Any. S4.— General Leoa
ard Wood has returned from a visit to
th© Governor of Borneo, where h« ha«
been for some time obsenrln* the methods
adopted by the British Government t»
pacify and promote the interest* of the
natives and to improve the commercial
conditions of tbe country.
General Wood reports that ths British
Government has obtained remarkable re
sults In tbe uplifting of the natives of
Borneo and returns to the Philippines
with many new ideas which he will, with
the cognizance and assistance of Gov
ernor Taft, put into operation In th«*«
islands.
Former Cuban Governor Gen
eral Outlines New
Campaign.
General Observes Paci
fication Methods in
Borneo.
WOOD PRAISES
BRITISH SYSTEM
7
wUkUlYlDIA mm thu.pi
Every Night Except Sunday.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY ul SATUBDAT
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Richard Harding Duvls" Comedy.
THE TAMING
OF HELEN
CJ^Uic CAMILLE
SEAT BALE OPEN9 THURSDAT.
KEOUGH and BALLABD
Presenting "A VAUDEVTUjE BXHlPRiaB":
The Fleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company; Larking and Patterson;
Boberti and Billoskl; Boris Ban-
del; John I«e Clalr; Heeley and
Meely and Lew Hawkins.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Beats
and oiper* Chairs, 60c.
AT P A 7 A fJBelaseo & Mayer.
ALCAZAR t hkZ
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT. ?.^ T M^gg > —
USUAL MATINEES THURS. AND SAT.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY
Greatest of Rural Comedies.
THE DAIRY FARM
BREAKING OF AH, RECORDS!
"It Is d*!Ijthtful. and every one able to secure
¦eats Is fortunate." — The News Letter.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg.. 25c to 75c: All Three Mats.. 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— Special Season of
TLOSXNCE BOBZSTS
In THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
GRANP8SS&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST « NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS
SA7M03TD ASD CAV2S&Y
And Our Superb Eastern Company la
"IN HARVARD"
Next Batnrday STANFORD UNTVERSITT
NIGHT.
PRICES. 25c. 60c. T3&
Commencing Next Sunday Night.
POLLAPP t.tt.t.i wii'fi Ajq CO3KPAJFT
In Um
"BEIiX.2 OP OTEW TOaX."
PRICES— 13c. 55c, 50c. T5o.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 13c. 3So. 50c
Five Baby Lions fa tlie Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOOH
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AXATxnr* HxaxT txttmbat.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL '"SJSf&m.
¦ Charles Frohman Presents
...EVERYMAN...
The XV Century Morality PUy..
Evenings — Commencing Wed.. Se: * 2. at S:34
Afternoons— Thursday and Saturday at 3.
Reserved Seats ; J2, 11 CO and $1
At Sherman, Clay U Co.'s from Wed., Aug, 2a.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
¦^"25'^ Haa been 9ucce ss-
/^kS^wctv fully use<1 by lead *
/ite^b^ ing actresses, sing-
Ck£s! fi£&i * Th an<1 w *>nien of
W^^5* iV^S fashion for more
Wrjjj «y Jr than 23 years.
. tJS . *W*/ Wherever applied
I ' „# it Is Instantly ab-
w ' JB n eorbed through the
I J f pores of the skin,
"'j^ \ . and Its wonderful nu-
f ' \. tritlon feeds the
w . wasting tissues.
mov i n o Pimples
* / *JlfA < «fc . 1> As if by magic, one
' X .^5 (»Tr^ \n application often
T T Jrnk 1.14*7 »howlng a remarka-
*^« f> l<!ar|j ble improvement.
DR CHARLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows jn the neck and
produce firm, ¦ healthy flesh on thin cneeks.
arms and hands. *
ros deviiofivq t?he bust
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has the
hiehest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are ' often sufficient to make the bust firm.
lame and beautiful.
SOLD -BY THE EMPORIUM 'AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND \DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box, but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes..
In plain wrapper. •
F. d p: f? — A sample box and our book.
K O I- "ART OF MASSAGE.*' fully H-
lustrated. will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. • Address
DR. CHAHLB3 CO., 19 Park P1m», H«w Ynk.
Market St.. Near Eighth— Phone South 533.
TO-XIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Sumptuous Production of Alexander DumsV
Masterpiece, j
"CAMSLLE."
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AS CAMILLE
HERSCHELL MAYALL as ARMAND DUVAL.
And Brilliant Supporting Company.
pnircC Evenings •.•^} Oe ,l? 5^
rlilliO Matinees 10c. 13o. 23o
MONDAY. August 31.
"THE GREAT BXTBT."
TIV0US5&
TO-NIGHT AND THE REMAINDER OF THIS
WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE
THE LAST APPEARANCE OF
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
\nd the Entire Tlvoll Company in the Comic
Opera,
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
The Opening of the GRAND OPERA SEASON
Will Take Place on Monday Even-
ing Next, August 31.
RRAT* INOW N SAi.B.
POPULAR PRICE3— 22c. 60c, 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
fAlilFQRNIAI
9 ALL THIS WEEK. §r-\
Rfl Owing to the enormous B \
7 r- "TeTllmorosco co. 7^
•'*' Will continue the great war •*'*
«»A Play. *\(\
," "SHENANDOAH" Z%
Jix) Don't miss the marvelous JLtJ
battle scene. It"» the talk
of the town. Special matl- ____
fXTJEK nees Thur?(iay an<l Saturday B3S
Jglj —MRS. DANE'S PEFENSK. L,
IHEATRUI
THE O. A. R. HAVE GONE.
But We Are Still Here Wit* -
"QUO VASB "SS 1 *
"THE BIG LITTLE PSINCESS."
Th« Funniest. "Yes." th« Best of All Bur-
lesques.
Our "All Star" Ca«t, Including:
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c, 80c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Mstlnees. 25o and
Me Children at Matinees. 10c and 15c
Look Out for Our Next Great Bouble Bill.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SGHEEL, HI
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
CHANGES OF DATES OF CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY anouncea that
the concerts under the direction of MR.
6CHECL will take place on TUESDAYS In-
stead of Fridays, at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Aug. 23. at 3:15 p.
in The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday,
Bept. 1: Tuesday. Sept. S; Tuesday. Sept. 15;
Tuesday Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 29; Tuesday,
Oct 6. * Seats on sale at Sherman * Clay's
Music Store, cor. Sutter and Kearny «ta..
Thursday morning and after. Prices: 50c, |l,
$1 25. $1 60. Tickets good for Tuesdays of the
week of their dates.
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWW gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/¦fifl room, the EMPIRE
U11U PARLOR, the
/* -4 PALM ROOM, the
linHifl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ and the LA _
U~X~1~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
AMTTSEMCgHTB.
CALIFORNIA^ GREAT MBlMTMAL,
Horticultural, i$ livestock
Hfi Exposition.
WpKS °f fti#NG S ffARNE55fjACIN6f
MiI)ibC^ ried El%>tes to Visitor*.
*%lv to ji . LOWDEN, , flrB , MFM f n r fl,
{ > ¦ jActi/zy £ec. 5-ACRAMtNTu, CAL.
MISCELLANEOUS.
sissv^f If Our Wagons stop In front of your door your § ,| iail
B neighbors know you Pay Cash for your furniture. |^^^
* PATTOSM'S^
GREAT SALE OF
Carpets and Draperies
At no time during- the past year have we been abl« to
give iuca extraordinary values In draperies and carpets
a* this week. Tbe new Fall Carpets are arrivinr and
are selling; at sl^tt. Our prices are on an averare 25
PCB CE3TT BELOW TE£ KSTAHMEirr COVCBTBTB
rSUCZS. Ton will never tie satisfied ttatil you lsrpect
oar stock. *
IIIf/29 SPECIAL SALE OF
J \v£Mj Two Bi S Purchases from St. Gall,
milBWs!? Swit zerland, and Paris, France.
WW SOUTACHE, GLUNY,
|I IRISH POINT, ARABIAN, RENAISSANCE,
mi Ruffled Net Curtains, Scotch Net Curtains,
tgl Duchesse and Novelties.
IP Some of the Bargains and Prices.
An Importer's loss, your gain. 30 to 40 per cent saved on each pair.
1^? 03 * Curtains at *1.75. S2.U5. S2.75. »'.i. 83.75. »4.25
1 X SS r Cn "* laS &t S3 ' 75 ' S4.5O. 85. SO. 87. 8S.50 and
Dn&esseand Renalasance at S5.86. 87.5O. 8S.5O. S1O. 812.50 and
$*!•> P<?r pair.
Scotch Not and Nottingham Curtains at 81. 81.75, 82. 82.5O and 83
per pair.
Ruffled Curtains at 81.50. 82. 82.50. 83. 83.5O. 83.75. 84 and
84. 5O per pair.
Curtain Materials. Lace Bed Sets.
ttSS^atS" 1^ M «^r w^ »m Lac* Spread, with medalUon bol-
nets, fancy op*n-wcrfc mu«11fcs and Swlfs eter rice, scalloped flounces, renaissance
In ell whit* ivory, ecru. blue, pinlc grold ed^e insertion* and larc* renalesacee
and .Nile K r*en. We have the largest medallion <. M t. ww renal « s * nce
awcrtmeEt in the c'.ty for bed»preed«. medallion centers. white or Ara-
curn'.rs. etc.. at 10c. i:>e» 25c and upper &ian colors — in this sale C7 AA
van!. *t Ol.UU
No Combine Can Alter Our Determination to
Sell the Best at Lowest Prices.
READ THIS CAREFULLY
2S per cert saving". 18 per cent saving'.
WXX.TO3T VELVETS — Double BEST QUALITY IKXAIO Z.XNO-
wirith. with or without border. IiEXXM — There is only one
i\rv- f.oral a:w Oriental designs: "best": that is this one. The
email f.ffures for hall and stairn. ccmbJne. price Is J1.85. Our
covering average hall and stairs price, square yard <>| as
without a seam. Th» combine «pi.**«j
rrfcTcrlr 11 ' 50 - ° U1 " $l- 4 0 S5 P " ceat WVi31g '
pr.c cnij ........ BIGELOW AOT> LOWELL A3C-
21 per ceat savtar. MITTSTEES — Charming patterns
SAV03raxSIE AXBTOTSTEBS — in floral . and Oriental effects
A pretty parlor ar.d dining-room that arc pleasing in the parlor,
covering. In a cumber of Orlen- bedroom, dining-room or library;
tal and floral Mepignp, with or with or without border. The
without border. The installment combine charges you Qi Cf\
combine gets Jl.C'O for lt-O| e:(\ i- for it. Our price y'-«W
Our price, per yard «ipi.*»u 18 per ceat saving-.
23 per ceat savtagr. SOZBUS7 TAPESTBXES — This
irrGSAli." PILLHra — Best TJalitT." famous carpet in the new pat-
r«-d. crern, uin and blues. In- terns costs you $1.35 at the In-
stallment combine price &C.t* Ftallment combine stores. (1 tg\
is SI- 10. Our price O«Jl» \\- e se n j t at> per yard Ol.lU
12 per ceat sa7iagr. 27 per cent saving-.
BIGEX.OW AJTD LOWELL BODY SSXXTH'S AXMMTSTEllS — The
SB.X7SSEX.3 — By far the most color effects in the new goods
used on halls and stairs; in are most interesting — no better
every new desipn and color dining-room or library carpet.
blend. The downtown combine The price, too, is interesting.
price is $1.65. Ours is ci as The combine gets $1.65 c»i oa
3>I.*4O per yard. We sell for V'-'v)
ALL OTHER CARPETS 20% Under Combine Prices.
MADE-UP RUGS
These are made up from the remnants of the best selling carpets.
We get only the actual cost of material and labor for them. You get
p. room rug about 40 per cent under value.
15:2x10:6 "Wilton Velvst S20.00 6x10:9 Tapestry Brussels $1030
?::xl0:fi Tapestry Brussels. .811.50 6x& Body Brussels 814.75
' ' v : '"¦ • ixminiter S2C.0O 8:3x10:6 Body Brussels S2O.OO
7x10:5 Tapestry Brussels S14.OO 6x9 Tapestry Brussels $9.50
DUTTAQTUN C(\ ? See supplement to this ad in 9
lilllUL}lLm UUi Sunday's Chronicle. Mondays Ex-
i ii x a v wi"i» wi j amIner an(] Wednesday's Bulletin. I
16TH and MISSION STS. O O
STYLE SETS THE PACE
And the man whose linen isn't im-
zaaculate isn't "in it."
TJ. S. Laundry work puts him on
the i iside and our delivery and col-
]ection service makes it as easily had
as inferior work-
No saw edg-es.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFZCX 1OO4 I£ABK£T STREET,
KeMT PowelL
SA&3&&H MENANDWOMEK.
<3e£mWxbe5S&1 Cee Dig « for cnontural
iW*5ru I u t **T*Xitf «JI«ch*r(tet.inCMum»tlont,
MSffW Gnaraetwi M irrita-tioni or clceratieni
ITHtf cot tc •iric;=r». of mucou« membrane*.
ga^^B fi ¦¦— u c— 1. rii». Pain'.eti. and net aatrls-
RTSljKlErtKSDKEMSiiCa. r«at or poUonoui.
Vxgffc a«c::xKiT;.c.E?*3 *cn *>j Dragruu,
Tttro C ft- A. 3Sifi or Mnt ' n pl * in wr * pt !f T «
/>HS|^__^5~2| br txpTftr. repaid, lor
XSHSmSBnXSrirfa t!.00. or3bottfnt2.75.
B circular *cct on ragout.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
t£talogue and Price Lists Mailed
en Application.
rSCSZ AJTD SATiT MEATS.
I4C RflVF^ Ir C(\ £Wpplcg Butcher*. 10*
.'A3. DUIC3 tt LU. ci*y. T«L Mitln 1294.
OEL8.
1-UBIUCATTNG OILS. LEONARD ft ELLIS.
418 Front «l 6. F. Phone Main 1718.
r&L&Txzra.
LCflDGBES, «i 6^^T e .^s.f.
Weekiy v Cail.$1.00 per Year
| Famous me World
I Over— Fully Matured*
1 tTofrf EVerytvherti
U HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
& Pacific Coast Agents.
vt ' " *» ' " " " *' " " "Li
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
ror over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great Q
Museum of anatomy^
& Q) i:£l!UEZZ7C?.l»t.S:fcft7a.S.r.Cal.i
\ qt Tbe Lar^rvr Anatomical Muteum in Ibe \
V -in/f-... World. Wcikrtufi or *njr encuracted A
O gtS: fea I S>peciaiis on t! >e Co*it. EsL 36 ye tn. ©
A Ac^yA D3. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ iffyj^H Ccrm!t«ion (rte tnd itrktlr priT»le. \
0 I ificE TrMtn.fnt personal 1 ? rr by lc'ter. A Q
\ I /ill fan*** CW«iae»eryc*ie undertaken. T
Aril lid Wr '«* for B'wk. PRII.ODOHnVcr A
™ a 11 ¦*««I*«B, MAILED FCSK. (AT
X (X U- nloable book for mm) \
¥ OB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market Bt.S. F. Y
EVERY WOMAN
g;; >^ is interested and should know "
>g~5^&5v about the wonderful
MfinUEl WHIRLING
mUSIiCL spray
In CV V§S >>' \\ N Kl* ••fl Injection and Suction.
mV*?» y S^Sif Best— Safest— M ost Con-
'V^^vC^^^. venienU It Cleat tet
X^gj^*^^* Huuntly
AikTMU-drnjfiitforlt. \\ O^j^rrr^^'
If he rannot supply th* '"titf'/O ,
Jtt ARVKI* accept no V >- <fe**—
other, but te»d Mam? tor fllw- - \!», f ''¦P'&iS
mvr1l.ork-n?nlF<l. Itc<*e*run V/>, / V/g
particulars and eiirrrtion* invaluable **v'' # IM
to ladle- nARVEI. CO.. f f'/mW '
Rocia 203. Iltof BCg., New Tork. "^WJ^FAMOUS TWO-MINUTE TROT
TER AND THE MAN WHO
DROVE HER.
WASHINGTON, Aue. 2*. — Orders have been
Issued at the War Department directing- that
the Seventh. Twenty-second and Twentieth
regiments of Infantry go to the Philippines to
relieve the Fifteenth Cavalry, the Thirtieth,
Twenty-eighth. Twenty-seventh and Eleventh
Infantry, the troops to go In the order named.
Five furlonr»— Xor* won. r>uitjr Rhodes sec
onfl. Jacob Little third. Time, 1:03.
Five and a half furlong* — Hilary won PetU
irrew second, Roltaire third. Time, 3 :09
One tr.l!e and one hundred yard3— Burdock
¦won. Mountebank second. Gold Finder third.
Time. 1:47*4. .
Seven lurlonri— Brown Prince wor.. Knock
¦nsrs second. Fondo third. Time, l:2s«i
Seven and a half furlon«— Limber Jim wtsn
Walter H second. The Toller third. Time]
1 :3i*i.
C EATTL,E. Aug. 24.— Following it a turn
meiy of t»-(Sa>"6 rscci at The Mradow«:
2:25 trot, beet two In three — Won by Sweet
Marie In t»'o etralcht heat*. Belladl second
Redskin and Mark llannabus divided third'
Best ttme. 2:15%. loiru.
Racing at The Meadows.
Year. Name. ' Place and Date. Time.
1806 — Yankee (saddle) *:•••• •• .Harlem, N. Y., June. .< .2:59
1810 — Boston horse, ch. g. (saddle) .^ . Philadelphia, Pa., August .'. .2:48^
1824 — Topgallant, b. g. (saddle).. * ..2:40
1830 — Burster (saddle) / '. 2:32
1834— Edwin Forrest, bk. g. (saddle) :. 2:31^
1843 — Lady Suffolk, gr. m. (saddle) 2:28
1844 — Lady Suffolk, gr. m. (saddle).. , 2:26^
1856 — Flora Temple, b. m. (saddle). East New York, September 2 . . . : 2:245/2
1859— Flora Temple, b. in Centreville, N. Y., August 9. :..... .2:22^
1859— Flora Temple, b. m Centreville, N.. Y., August' 9. 2:22
1859 — Flora Temple, b. m. : Cincinnati, Ohio, October 7 2:21 }4
1859 — Flora Temple, b. m : Kalamazoo, Mich., October 15./ .2:19^
1867 — Dexter, br. g Boston, July 30 . ...... ...2:19
1867— Dexter, br. g ....Buffalo. August 14 2:17*4
1871 — Goldsmith Maid, b. m Milwaukee, September. 6 2:17
1872— Goldsmith Maid, b. m.. .Boston. June 9 ... . ; . .;....... ¦;. . .2:16^
1873 — Occident ... Sacramento, Cal., September 17 .2:i6J4
1874 — Goldsmith Maid, b. m... .•... East Saginaw, Mich.; July 16 2:16
1874 — Goldsmith Maid, b. m.. .Buffalo, August 7. ;............. ..2:15^
1874 — Goldsmith Maid, b. m.. .Rochester, .August 12 2:14^
1874 — Goldsmith Maid, b.-m.. : Boston, September 2 2:14
1878 — Rarus, b. g. . . . Buffalo, August 3 2:13.34
1879 — St. Julien, b. g ....'.... .Oakland, Cal., October 25 .2:12^
1880 — Maud S, ch. m .'V .Rochester, N. Y., August 12. ............ . .2:11^
1880 — St. Julien .- Rochester, N. Y., August 12 .2:11^
1880 — St. Julien — '...' Hartford, Conn., August 27. .2:1 1%
1880 — Mau# S, ch. m.... ......Chicago, September 11 ................... 2:10^1
1881 — Maud S, ch. m ..Pittsburg, July 13 .2:1014
1881— Maud S, ch. m.. ...Rochester, N. Y.; August 11. ............ [2:1054
1884 — Jay- Eye-See, bk. g. ........... . . . .Providence, August 1 [ [2-10
1884— Maud S, ch. m Lexington, Ky., November 11.. [ [ .2:0954
1884 — Maud S 2 ch. m ...*......... Cleveland, August 2 2:09
1885— Maud S, cli> m £ ........... Cleveland, July 30' .... . ; ;;..- " .2:o8}4
1*91 — Sunol, b. m. '....... :.... . Sfockton, Cal. (kite track), October 20.. [.2:0854
PNEUMATIC-TIRED SULKIES.
1892— Nancy Hanks, b. m ..Chicago, August 17 20754
1892— Nancy Hanks, b. m.. .Independence, Iowa, August " 31 . . : . . ....'.'. 2 -os T 4
1892— Nancy Hanks,. b. m.. Terre Ind., .September 28. .. . . . . . .2:04
1894— Alix, b. m.. : Galesb'urg, 111.. September 19. . . . . . . . . .2-0334
1900— The Abbot, b. g. .'.....{.... ..Terre Haute, Ind.. September 16. . . . . .2-0354
1901— Cresceus, ch. s ICleveland, July 26 . : . . . . I . . . .... --bn4
1901— Cresceus, ch. s. . . . .Columbus, August- 2 2:0254
1903— Lou Dillon, ch. m Readville, Mass., August 34 3 -oo
MILE RECORDS OF THE PREMIER TROTTING HORSES
HARRISON WILI. QUIT i
WHEN HIS TERM ENDS
Mayor of Chicago Says He Intends
to Seek Peace in Re- * *
tirement.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 24.-Carter Hafrt
son. en route on a tour of tfcs Yellow
stone National Park, rested In Livings
ton this morning for several hours. ,Jte~
gardlng the Chicago political situation tha
Mayor said that as far as he was con
cerned he was through.
"When my term has expired," declared
Mayor Harrison, "I shall retire and hopa
to be left alone. I will never be a, candi
date for any political position, but will
always be interested In the partv'3 suc
cess."
Mr. Harrison would not express hin
self as to who would likely be the next
Democratic Presidential nominte.
Denies Story of Food Shortage.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 24.— That there
is and has been no food shortage In the
new Tanana diggings since the opening
of navigation may^be stated upon the
authority of Harry Tregasakls. a resident
of this city. Two river steamers each
laden with supplies, reached Fairbanks
and Chenoa, the two towns of the cairm
prior to June 11. Subsequent to that date
at least two other steamers with full car
goes of provisions and miners' supplies
had made Fairbanks. That there was
even hunger, much less starvation. In the
Tanana camp up to June 11. Tregasakls
says, Is preposterous.
Americans Score 167 in First In
niags and Put Out Toronto
Team for 47.
TORONTO. Ont.. Aug. 24.— The first
day's play in the international cricket
match, which was begun to-day on Var
sity Lawn, indicates an easy victory for
the United States eleven over the Cana
dian team. The visitors showed much su
periority In bowling and at the bat.
United States went to bat first and
scored 167 runs. The Canadian wickets
fell rapidly, the few batsmen being dis
posed of on the second ball. Their total
score was I".
In the second innings the Americans
made 67 for three wickets, when stumps
were drawn for the day.
YANKEES PLAY BETTER
CRICKET THAN CANADIANS
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission reports that/Al Juldiece of
Oakland has been compelled by Judge
Quinn of Livermore to pay a fine of $35
for killing a doe. Charles Houghton of
Red Bluff was fined 530 by Judge Brans
ford, also of that. city, for selling deer
hides. Ah Sue has paid $35, by order of
Judge Thorp of San Diego, for having
undersized crawfish in his possession.
Game Law Violators Punished.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Bv the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Witchcraft, Sweetie,
Determination.
Second race— Galba, .Mr. Dingle,
Lady Matchless.
Third race — Linguist, Hargis,
Rankin. *
Fourth race— Henry Bert, Oronte,
Toah.
Fifth race — John McGurk, Little
Elkin, Compass.
Sixth race — Lendin, Byways,
Orfec.
By New York Morning Telegraph."
First race — Dt. Cartledge, Frank
Collins, Haven Rim.
Second race— Dolly Gray,. Aylmer
Bruce, Kitty Cut a Bash.
Third race — Montana Peewss,
Nearest, Hindi. •
Fourth race — Rainland, Hugh XXc-
Gowan, Old Stone. 5
Fifth race — First Mason, Ada *N,
Doeskin.
Sixth race — Tony Lepplng, Satis
Coat, Baronet. ;** ' : -^,»
KINLOCH. PARK SELECTIONS.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 24.— Lou Dillon,
whose phenomenal work on the Readville.
Mass., track to-day is now the talk 1 of
turfdom, Is a Santa Rosa mare, having
been born and' reared on the Santa Rosa
Stock Farm, of which Ira and the late
Henry Pierce were so long the owners
and which is still conducted by Ira Pierce.
It is said that when a colt the Pierces
offered Lou Dillon for sale for $150, with
no takers..
As a Colt Lou Dillon Would Not
Bring $150.
REARED IN SANTA ROSA.
•J. *
hind and goes without a check or mar
tingale.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Ingold, Hurstbourne,
Duke of Kendal.
Second race— Onatas, Grey Friar,
Molly Brant.
Third race— Long Shot, Race King,
Moharib.
Fourth race— Hermis, McChesney,
Girdle.
Fifth race— No selections.
Sixth race— Highlander, Irascible,
Caithness.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
SARATOGA ENTRIES
.**-.. iuim, Jim. — Saratoga entries:
First race, seven furlongs, handicap. all
sires— Young Henry 12«. Hurstbourne 119 i - n
rold 110, Duke of Kendall UO, Bad Xew«' 105
Monte Carlo iftO. Uardlne 100. Auriesville <J~S
Iiamon 93, Illyrla 93.
Second race, mile. 3-year-olds and up Grev
Friar 103, Samper Vivax 103 Sam Craig lie
Joe Col>b 10C. Hoo<JW.r.k 111. Molly Brant 10l'
Water Tower 116. Alabarrh 113. Eug«nla Burch
Jfll. Onatas 10»;. Monograph 116, L«-narka 103
Scoffer 10ti. '
Third race, six furlong?. 2-year-olds — Mo
harlb 122. Rare King 122. Cayudutta 114, Lone
£hot 122.
Fourth tact, one and an eighth miles. Cham
r>iain handicap, for 3-year-olds and up — Rock
»at<*r IOC. Girdle 96. McCh#> an * y 127, Hermis
:2<;. Hunter Raine 110. Himself 98.
Fifth race, five and a half furloncs. maidens
2-year old — Wistaria 103. Vanity icy. St. Galieri
112. Mountebank 112. Dungannon 109. cian
anopue 109. Eaperance 109. Briarthorpe. 103
Hortensia 10W. Armenia 109. Monadnock 112'
Arthur 112. Harmakis 112, Silver Slipper 109*
Flag: Officer 112. Sals 112, Miss Melton 109. '
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles. 3-year-
Md*. selling, on turf — Tribeg Hill 111, High
lander 111. Caithness O«. Ff >n> wall 106. Water
Tower 107. Lord Advocate !):s. Irascible US
Color.say IOC. Dlnskle 84.
Weather clear* trflr-V >,t-a\ v
Lou Dillon is a dark chetnut mare. She
» very symmetrical, but somewhat small,
he wears six-ounce shoes and light quar
er boots forward, three-ounce shoes be-
Sanders had great success on the grand 1
circuit last year with Anzella, whom he
gave a mark of 2:0614, Dollie Dillon 2:07
and Janice 2:08^. The former mare came
dangerously close to sweeping the board.
"Lou Dillon was a high-strung mare and
it required much patience and skill to
handle her. Sanders always evinced the
greatest confidence in Lou Dillon, but,
his contentions were ridiculed by many of
the trainers at Pleasanton. Sanders
adopted a novel method of training the
mare. He would blanket her and then
let one of his boys Jog he^ half a dozen
miles along the county road's. This treat
ment worked wonders and the mare even
tually became very tractable."
BOUGHT FOR $12,700.
I.ou Dillon is owned by C. K. Billings,
who bought her June 22 last at the Pierce
dispersal sale for the sum of $12,700.
Mr. Pierce himself had set her value
at more than $100,000.
Billings bought the mare partly for sen
timent, as she was the great-granddaugh
ter of the famous old Princess, which
Billings' father had owned in 1857.
A gentleman of this city of much ex
perience In the matter of trotting horses,
'etc.. Is well acquainted with Lou Dillon
and also her trainer, to whom he is In
clined to ascribe the credit for developing
the wonderful powers, of the mare. He
said a short time since:
A HIGH-STRUNG MAiRE.
ished the American public by trotting a
mile in 1859 in 2:19%. Goldsmith Maid in
1S67 trotted a mile in 2:14. Maud S made
her record of 2:08?* In 1880 and/ reigned
queen for eleven years.
Taking into consideration that Lou Dil
lon ls> only> 5 years old an*l that she start
ed the present season ¦with no mark, it
must be admitted that she is the most
likely two-minute' trotter in the world.
The closest match was that between Dr.
J. R. Clark of the San Francisco Golf
Club and A. H. Braly of the Los Angeles
Country Club, which was won, "1 up, at
the eighteenth hole, by A. H. Braly. At
the twelfth hole Dr. Clark was 3 up, but
at the seventeenth the players were even.
The first match round began at 2:30 In
the afternoon. No. 1 being paired against
No. 9. No. 5 against No. 13. No. 7 against
No. 15. No. 3 against No. 11, No. 2 against
No. 30. No. 6 against No. 14, No. 8 against
No. 16 and No. 4 against No. 12.
The course over which the play took
place is the new one of eighteen holes,
with excellent grass putting greens. The
following were the scores handed in:
Dr. J. R. Clark, 7G; Dr. C. H. Walter and
W. Frederickson, 78; H. M. Hoyt and A. Q.
Harvey. 82; Captain T. B. S. Menzles, 84; C.
E. Orr. h'l; Lieutenant J. S. Oyster. 87- J.
E. Cook and A. H. Braly,, SS; J-. A. Jevne 90;
J. J. CrookH. W. W. Butler and A. S. Lilly,
t>2; Perry Eyre, P. R. Wilson. J. W. Byrne,
George Ellle and J. E. Hoy. 93; R. G. Han
ford, »4; R. J. Davis, 1)5. and J. F. Sartorl. 97.
, All who made scores of 92 or better
qualified/taking the first fourteen places.
For fifteenth and sixteenth places Perry
Eyre, P. R. Wilson. J. W. Byrne. George
Ellis and J. E. Hoy tied with 93 each.
After luncheon these five played one hole,
J. W. Byrne and J. E. Hoy making it In
six strokes apiece, while the other three
required a greater number.
DEL MONTE. Aug. 24.— Twenty-two
players entered the qualifying round, over
eighteen holes, of the competition for the
Del Monte cup for men this morning. The
players paired as follows:
C. H. Walter and M. Hoyt; Perry Eyre and
A. H. Braly; R, J. Davis and J: A. Jevne;
A. G. Harvey and It. G. Hanford; Captain T.
B. S. Menzies and J. J. Crooks; C. E. Orr
and W. W. Butler: A. S. Ltlley and J. K.
Cook; Dr. J. R. Clark and Lieutenant J. S.
Oyeter; W. Fredorickson and P. R. Wilson;
J. W. Byrne and J. F. Sartort; George Ellis
and J. K. Hoy. \
Dr. J. K. Clark of San Francisco and
A. H. Braly of Los Ang-eles En
gage in Close Match. '
GOLF PLAYERS COMPETE
FOR THE DEL MONTE CUP
ST. LOUIS. Aus. 21.— Klnlock Park entrlei:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Frank Col
lins 104. -The Frisco Line V)S. Dr. Cartledga 106.
Falkland 10:j. Alcom U as, Lampadrom« 9S,
Haven Run 88. k . •
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Marchion
ess 100, Rejoice 98. Dolly Gray 100. Tambour
ine Girl 05, Mashonl 1UO, Wine Sap 100. Bet
muda 95. Aylmer Bruce 10O. Offset lft't, Cre»
.-!•!« 10O. Blsuka !)*•, GeorK<> Lewla 100 Kitty
Cut a Dash 100, Kufalla 105. * .»
Third race, seven and a half furlonss. aell-
Inx — Harry Beek 103. Duella 94, Una Prfc» 301.
De Reezke li.w, Tom ' Klngsley 105, Ly neS Uo.
Hindi t»2. Tom Crab 101, Montana Pyeres* ««i.
Nearest 101. " :
Fourth race. se\-ln furlongs, handicap^ — Fir
bane ft*!. Lord Hermence tt\ Hugh McOowan
101. Ffnian »«, Old Stone 104. Rainland 114.
Fiftlt race. mile, Dtfrse^ — Decoration lJS.
Xoweta 0». Do-skla 10O. Ada N\ Belvlno
ICO. Golden Glitter 100. Evea G. W5, Benson
Caldwell 102. First Mason. 85. .
Sixth race, one and an eijhth miles, soiling
— Ben Hempstead 101. ' Mission 103. Class
Leader 9ti. False 104. Tony Lepplng 101. Welsh
Girl 101. Baronet 104. Satin Coat 104. Marcos
1O». Kincstelle 86. Whltmore 103. Kxaoo 88.
Hucena 97. Eueenia S. W. Blanco 09.
Weather clear; track fast.
KINLOCH PARK ENTRIES.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase handicap;
about t»o miles:
Bruin*. Horse. Wright. Jockey. St. = 4 Fin.
4 to 1— HlgWe. 157 (Gallagher) 9 1 1 2
U to 1— Adjldaumo, 149 (Veltcli) 2 2 2 8
o'« to 1— Silver Twist. 130 (Connelly) 13 3 .*»
Timf, 4:trS. Start good. Won cleverly. Win-
Mr, Quern Stable'* ch. g. by Jilp Johnson
«»l«icoven. Ohnet 14'.i. Bounder IXi, Enrlght
142. Solomon 131, Farmer's Foe 138 and Step
Lightly 111, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Handicap; two-year-olds;
nx furlonc?:
Itptting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Hazel wood. 12-'? (Fuller) 4 5 1 h
ft to 1 — Hippocrates. 120 (Burnn... 3 3 2 2
« to 1— Bot.adil. 114 «Bu!!man) 6 7 :t 3
Tim<\ 1:14. Start bad. Won driving. Wln
n.r. W. L. Olivers b. c. by Puryear D.-Hazel
Mac. Blackamoor 100. Bath Beach 11(5. Yellow
HEmrr.tr 113, Monochord 110 and Champlain
lirt. p.!so run.
FOCBTH RACE— The Mohawk Selling
Stak»F; thrte-year-clJs; one mile and an eighth:
Kettlng. Horse. WVlght. Jc>ckey. St. ¦"• 4 Fin.
5 to 2— Sheriff 1VU. IU (Fuller) 5 2 1 h
<; to 1 — leader. JOti (Redfern) 3 4 2 2
5 t» 2— Itesorvation, 11G (Hicks)... 7 5 32
Time, I :02 2-S. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. M. L. Hayman's b. c. by Ornament
1-oujse. Florham Queen SKi. Tarn O'Shanter
1<3. Gavinta 1<>1 ar.d Tugai Bey 111, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Purs*': maiden two-year-ol'tJs;
f.ve and a half furlongs:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 Fin.
» to r>— Mlreola. K»T (Hndfeni) 2V 2 1 fc
2<» to 1 — Stre;>hcn, 110 (Gannon*. 3 4 2 h
4 to 1— Juv. Maxim. 110 <H.Ca!lhn> 13 3 2
Time. 1 :«6 4-.V Start good. Won driving.
Winner. XA'. C. Whitney's ch. f. by Meddl^r-
Hurly Burly. Rcckaway 112. Good Cheer K;7,
Gay L<-thario 110, Requlter 111). Flexion lift.
< "hatter 107, Fort Plain lin. Coal Black Lady
1C7 and Russell Sage 110. also ran.
SIXTH RACK— SellX: three-year-old? and
upward: one mile and fifteenth on turf-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
4 to 1 — Ern Parham, LOS (Fuller). « 2 1 2
25 to 1— Choate, 1(» (Builman) 3 1 2 *.
s :o 1— Pairet. SH <Connellt 7 5 3 2
Time. 1 :4.N. Start good. Won ckverly. Wh'
r.er. T. D. Sullivan's b. c. by Uebeaiivolr-La
i-ortllas. Mabel Rkhardson 101. Roval IOH
( arroll D IOC. Dark Planet 103. Salora 10"'
• Incinnatus 1CS and Falala !»C also ran
Tim*-, I :26. Start poor. Won driving. Win
r.»r. F. R. Louderman's h. g. by Stuyvesant-
Katie B. Canajoharle 109. Unmasked 113,
Jane Holly 1W, lv*> Water 108, Young Henry
ll.\ Blue and Orange 101. Lacy Cra»fcrd IHi,
Or'.- ff I'll and P. Tulane 100, also ran.
SARATOGA, Aug. 2t.— John Bullman.
who Is under enffapement to ride August
Belroont's race horses fcr the remainder
of the season, was siirpended to-day after
the Eixth race by the stewards of the
meetinp. headed by William C. Whitney.
The cause of the punishment was the
charge that liullman, on Choate, whose
post rcsit'on was No. 10 on the outside,
cut over to the inside when the barrier
was released. All the other starters were
thus more or less interfered with, notably
Dark Planet, who was pulled to a stand
still by Martin, because he feared that his
horse would be thrown down. The sus
pension is for the rest of the Saratoga
meeting Bullman can ride in the Futur-.
ity. \
The race was won by Congressman Tim
Sullivan's Earnest 1'arham. ridden by Ful
ler, who thus rode his third winner to
day. His other winning mounts were Ha
zolwood and Sheriff Bell. The weather
was clear and the track fast. Summa
ries: •*-:.-'
FIHFT RACE— Selling; threee-year-olde and
tf-ward; eeven furlotgs*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
* to 1— J-tuyve, 1C5 (Haack) 4 4 12
13 to 5 — The Guardsman. l<C(Ful!r) 3 3 2 h
2» to 1 — Thomeycrolt. 1HJ <Hicks).. 7 S 3 it
Special Plmatch to The Call
Little Scout Gives Winner in
the Fourth a Hard
Fight. ,
SIXTH RA.CE — One mile ap£ seventy > 3,rlm;
purse:
Bettins. Horse, Weieht. Jockey. St. »i Fin?
3(» to 1— Rollick II. 102 (It Murphy) 4 "5 l« n
8 to 1— Leenja, SW (Brid«weU) *2 2 2 h
S to 1 — Neversuch, 9o »3hea) J 0, 3 2
Time, 1:46. Start torxi. Worh driving. Win
ner. J. W. Berthuram's ch. t. hy IWley-Dol
likens. Moyle H>-V Macbeth lO*. TBe l*our>
Hundred 105, Kentucky 'Cardinal 'JH, Hand
epinner 104. Varner »4. also rail. o
FIFTH RACE — Six furlor.zs; purse: . •
Betting. Horse, Wetght, Joc*ey. Sr. \ Ffrt.
N to 5 — Forehand. W> < Bridewell). 5 :» 1, 5
»• to i — Mafalda, 91 ?Hiss!ns>. . . 4 2° 2 %4
o to 1 — Mag Xolin. 87 « Perkins), t. 1 3 4
Time. 1 :i:;Vj. Start fair. Wort easHy. Win
ner. M. C. Bennett A Co.'si rh. «. by Handsel-
Foreseen. Kindred 119, Perla 83, Umnium 112,
also ran.
Time. 1:47. Start good. .Won. hamflly.
Winner. W. MulJcey's t"h. (r. by Docnart-G^Mdea
Slipper, Elrlo Shannon 107, aftj> # ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and a Sixteenth mfl»s;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. J<»key. "St. fii P^n.
.3 to 4— Bas d'Or. 1U* (Hmlth)^.:. till
« to 5 — Little Scout.. 107 <SM?.hn» 4 2 2 20
20 to 1— Bummer II. 1OT llllgginsr :t . S »>12
Time, l:2H*i. Start «ood. * Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Ghlo's b. m. bj» Wadsworth-
Clean Heelr. tTr>ree : starters.)
THIIII> RACE — »ven furlongs; .r>urs»: .,
Bettinf?. Horse. .Weight. .Jockey. ?t. % Fin.
7 to "—Orris, 105 (Sheehan) 3» 2 1 "4
7 to 2— Optional. 105 fMclntyr^).. 1 .1 2 4
1 to 2 — Croix d'Or, 107 (Watson).. 2 13,
Time. 1:22. Start poor.* Woji dnvir*. Win
ner, J. Bracken & Co.'s blk. m. by King- Erv.
Frarrance. Miss Gu'.ria U'S. On- More 102.
Charles C 102. Eleanor* Howard left. Slah lf>4.
Kentucky Muddl* 1C«>. Sam Jl&uston 1^4, Ml»s
Aubrey IOC. Galanthus 10^, also ran.
SECOXD RACE — Six »cd a haJf *'Jtr!onss;
purse : : •
Betting;. Horse. Weight, Jockey. S*» *» Fin.
20 to 1— Lady Idrls. 95 «PIunk?tt>. I 1 1 h °
" to 1 — D. Sommers. l'»5 (Hmlth> 4 3 Z, H,
6 to 1 — Stlnsr. i>r> (AustiiU .... 5 «8 . " 4,
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 24.— An excellent pro
gramme for Monday was pulled off at
Kinloch Park this afternoon, the most in
terest belnjr centered In the fourth event,
a purse affair. Bas d'Or and Little Scout
were both played heavily, and o the race
was between them, the former . winning
handily by a length. The weathes was
clear, the track fast and the attendance
good. Summaries: ,-^-
FIRST RACE— Five and tf half furlongs:
selling: £'*__ :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.- Pr. \ Fin.
5 to 1 — Our Lillie. »>:t *Howell>... 4 2=> t= 4
« to 1— Atlegrette, 112 (Austin).. 2 S 2 1 *i
3 to 1— Interrogation, lit <Sh?hn> 1 1 S 9
Time l:C8»i. Start gojul. Won ea#*ly.
Winner. Stuhbn Bros.', b. f. hy Hermenc<?-BMt!»
Barry. Phli!l«la 101." Bessie B 8& L -uiana »**.
Jessie Welier Si5. Buzzy 1W). Canossa 00. Pinky
B l«. Ester Walters. 101. Bonnie aTardee 9S»
also ran. . •
Special Dl!"?atch tr> The Call
A meeting of the Pacific Coast Golf As
sociation was J held to-night, at which
delegates were present from the San
Francisco and San Rafael Golf club?, the
Los Angeles Country Club, the Menlo
Park Golf and Country Club and the
Pasadena Country Club.
The following entries for the Del Monte
cup for women have been handed in to
Arthur Inkersley, who Is officiating as
assistant secretary of the Pacific Coast
Golf Association: Mrs. J. R. Clark, Mrs.
W. G. Miller, x^rs. La Montague, Mrs. E
T. Perkins. Miss Dolbeer, Miss Whitteil
Ailss E. Chesebrough and Misf Margaret
Hately.
The semi-final round of the contest for
the Del Monte cup for men will begin in
the afternoon, the competitors being the
winners of the four morning matches.
At 2:30 the qualifying round, over eight
een holes, of the contest for the Del
Monte cup for women, the best eight to
qualify, is set down on the schedule of
the Pacific Golf Association. As only
eight entries are in sight for this event
it is not unlikely that the qualifying
round may be dispensed with and the first
match round played.
The last hole and the match went to A.
H. Braly.
A. G. Harvey of the San Rafael Golf
Club won. 4 up. 3 to play, from XV. W.
Butler of the Los Angeles Country Club;
C. E. Orr of the Pa?adena Country Club
beat J. W. Byrne of the San Francisco
Golf Club, 3 up. 2 to play; J. A. Jevne of
the Los Angeles Country Club defeated
his clubmate. W. Frederlrkson. 5 up. 4 to
play; Dr. C. H. Walter of the Linda Vista
Golf Club of San Jose won from J. E.
Cook of the Lo's Angeles Country-
Club, 2 up, 1 to play; Captain T.
B. S. Menzles beat A. S. Lilley
of the San Francisco Golf Club, 6
up, 5 to play; Lieutenant J. S. O> J sterof
the San Francisco Golf Club was victori
ous over J. E. Hoy, 6 up, 5 to play, and
H. M. Hoyt of the San Francisco Golf
Club beat J. J. Crooks of the" San Rafael
Golf Club, 4 up, 3 to play.
The second match play round will take
place to-morrow morning, A. H. . Braly
playing against A. G. Harvey; C. E. Orr
against J. A. Jevne; Dr. C. H. Walter
against Captain T. B. S. Menzies. and
Lieutenant J. S. Oyster against H. M.
Hoyt.
I The Hayes Valley Athletic Club man
agement Is jubilant over a dispatch It re
ceived from Benny Yanger. the Chicago
boxer, who sent word that he would come
out here to fight Eddie Hanlon next
month. YangeT will start in a few days
for this city and will go Into training at
, once for the contest. The last time the pair
j met the referee called It a draw. Hanlon
, wanted another chance at Yanger and the
little Italian consented. Their second
meeting should prove an interesting one.
The Olympic Athletic Club will hold a
boxing exhibition the latter part of next
month. Leader John J. Gleason will
match the best amateur talent in the city.
He hopes to secure Sam Berger's rein
statement in the amateur ranks. When
Berger went out on the road with Bob
Fitzslmrnons as his sparring partner he
secured permission from the Amateur
Athletic Association of 'this coast. Upon
his return to this city Berger was sur
prised to learn that Secretary James E.
Sullivan of the National Amateur Athletic
Association had declared him a profes
sional. Berger has appealed to the di
rectors of thfe Olympic Club to take up
his case. Since acting 1 as sparring part
ner with Jim Corbett the young Olympic
Club boxer has gained a world of expe
rience. He is bigger and stronger, and
Dewitt Van Court and other experts
prophesy that he v.ill some day be cham
pion of the world. If Berger Is reinstated
he will be matched against Andy Gal
lagher or some equally good heavy-weight.
Fists will fly at the Reliance Athletic
Club to-nl?ht. Toby Irwin and Bi'.ly Otta
will be the stars, and hundreds of local
ring-goers will journey to Oakland on the
7:C0 p. m. narrow gauge boat to se*e the
mill. Both men will weigh In at Harry
Corbett's at 3 o'clock to-day. They are to
battle at 125 pounds and the victor Is
promised a go with Jimmy Britt. This
will be the first exhibition held In Oakland
for more than a year. Manager Mahoney
has prepared two good preliminaries. One
will be between Fred Otts, a brother of
Billy, and Danny Sullivan. These youths
will fight at 130 pounds. They will go
eight rounds. The opening bout will be
put on at 8:30 o'clock sharp. It will be
between Jim Smith and Young McConnell.
They will box six rounds. Eddie Smith
will referee all bouts.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
ym.-AW. Aug. 22.— Hawthorne entries:
11 ,T>v"n' C rurlo "KS— Witchcraft 113, Al
lina ion. Determination 10S. Sweetie 10' I n.
eny Bell 102, Su *ie Christian 102, Tribune To*'
Mapg'.e I^eber 102. Tokilon 102. St Paula l(f>
Second race. mile. seUing— Galba 101. Show
man 101. Barney Burk 101. Prodigal Son 101
Mr. Dingle »9. Jove 99. Lady Matchless <•»'
Snowdrift 90. Banana Cream 86. Fair La*d\"
Anna J*6. Angele »0. Mamcclle 91. Hickory Cor
tier* 9:1, Glenrlce 91. Silean 91.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles—Har
gis 1C2. Louisville B9, L'ngul^t VI. Rankin 91
Fourth race, six furlonjrs, handicap— The
Kentuckian 110, Toah lots, Schwalbe 10S
Father Wentker 100. Telamon 106, Henry Btrt
104, Oronte 9C. Charlie Thompson 95. (Went
ker and Schwalbe Schreiber's entr>).
Fifth race — One and a quarter miles, sellinir
— Greenock 101. Fonscluca 100. John McGurk
100, Star Cotton 9S. Little Eikin 93, Compasg
91. Somersault 89. v«iu*»«
Sixth race, mile — Gallant 1CS, Ethylene 104
Pirateer 103. Judge Cantrill 100, Lendln 9S*
Orfew 93, Byways 98. '
Weather clear ;track fast. .
?
SIXTH RACE— Six rurlongs: pur«e-
BettinK. Ho.sj. «> W ht. Jockey. St "a; Fin
, jo ]<i — Collonade. 100 (Ilelge'pn) A •> 1 1 •»'
lo to l^-IStennrfader. loo <Adkin.«) 4 1 •» 1
dora 100 and Bob Franklin 101, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and an eighth mile*;
handicap:
Hetting. Her*?. Weight. Jockey. St. « 4 Fin.
2 to 1— Dr. Sterh*n!>.110 <PhlIlirs> lain
11 to 10 — Postm. Wright. 107<Bon» 3 12 4
It. to ."i — Warle Xniu.li.HiJI-lcps'ni 2 2 ;5
TImo. 1 :5.1 :j-r>. Ftart pood. Won driving.
W inner. C. E. Waters' br. h. by Octopus-
Ipncraaji:*. Three starters.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling-
Eetti;:}:. Rune Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin
1- 1° 7— <**«'*•»?*¦>. 1I3 'Hodsson) 4 S 11'
Jj to 1 — Ohaseri. u y <otis» 6 .s •> 1
SO to 1— Carat. Mti (Wonderly).. 2 1 li
,.. Timt> - V 41 , 8 " r> fctart E * t '° a - v *'°n easily.
JMnn*r. J. lagan's b. g. by Foam-Noisy.
-T"}™ '«' Pr ° n . U J fr -- Krank M «>1. P°™
pey ina. Moor 10(5. Bard of Avon 100. Barrica
104 Gracious 105, MarFha!s?a IOC and The
Lada*3n 112 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlones; Monadnook
handicap:
Tiettin?. IIom». W« Islit. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
IS to 5— Au.Iitcr. 11» ifleliresen)... 1 i 1 Hi
5 to 2— Commodore, lOO(S.Bonrtr) 2 2 2 h
7 to 1'— Flower Xlng.ieSCVVond'Iy) 6 4 :i h
Time, 1:1.5 3-5. Start good. Won easliy.
Winner, S. S. firown'f b. c. by Ksher-Alcestls.
English Lad 120. I. p. Majberry 112. Prince
Silver Wings ill'. Tryon U>7 and Nellie Crom
well 9" aly^raji.
SECOXD RACE— Short ecurse. eteeplechas*;
handicap:
Betting. Her*?. Wflght. .Tockey. St. % Fin.
K to fi — Sen. Matt;. H3 (McAuliffe) 1 1 1 ]U
s to B — Indian II. U2 (Hueston). .. 4 2 2 -JO
8 to 1 — Oliver Me. 13G (Corbley)... 2 3 3 75
Tiir.o, -':. r .O. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. .1. T. Stewart Sc Co.'s ch. p. by Tammany-
Bum rmcre. Dasrmar 13S .and Trent the Mere
140 ran out.
Tlmr. 1 :0s. .Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. Boots & Hcllback's b. c. by Brutus-In
vlt3tlon. Th? Hebrew 1OS. Rhyl" 110, Ireck
man 1OS. Lanark 105. Darra 108. Apsle 113.
Enverlte 113, Chapel 108, Charlie Slade Jo* and
Delemont 110 also ran. -^
The other races were of the ordinary
kind and devoid of a noteworthy feature.
The track was fast, the weather warm
and sultry and the attendance small.
Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purw:
Flntlnir. Hnrs?. "Weight. .locker. SI. % Fin.
IN to 5 — Instt-uctor. 1OS (Williams). 5 3 I h
O to 1 — Chockayoue. 1C5 (Wilson) 1 1 2 2
:• to 2 — Hamvpll. ION <A<3klns) 3 4 3 2
CHICAGO, Aug. 24.-Captain S. 8.
Brown's pood Esher colt Auditor, at 18
to 5. to-day captured the Monadnock
handicap at six furlongs, worth 52270 to
the winner, in the fast time of 1:13 3-5.
Behind the winner Commodore, Flower
King and English Lad were driving to
the limit, their heads bobbing up and
down in unison, and only the judges were
able to accurateiy place them.
Special Dispatch to The Call
August Belmont's Rider Is
Declared Guilty of
Interference.
Commodore, Flower King and
English Lad Run
Closely.
Yanger Is Coming to Fight
Eddie Hanlon Next
Month.
W. C. Whitney Leads
in Decision for Sus
pension.
Lightweights to Battle
in Oakland This
Evening.
Brisk Race.
Six-Furlong Handicap
at Hawthorne a
Splendid Monday Card
at the Kinloch Park
. Track.
STEWARDS BAR
JOCKEY BULLMAN
AUDITOR TAKES
THE MONADNOCK
IRWIN IS READY
FOR BILLY OTTS
BAS D'OR WINS
BY A LENGTH
On the Opening Day ofthe Readville Grand Circuit Meeting the Wonderful
Little California Chestnut Smashes All the Records of a Century
and Appears Perfectly Fresh After Struggle Making Her Turf Queen
LOU DILLON, THE MATCHLESS MARE,
TROTS THE MILE IN TWO MINUTES
THE SAN FKAls CISCO / CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. >1903.
8
ADyESTTffgTvrRTcrTS.
.floneeaual R^iAarc
£KERI III&FACFCk the outcropping
Ollin VloLrloL49 OF BAD BLOOD
And -while not always painful are aggravating beyond expression. With
few exceptions they are worse in spring and summer when the system begins
tothawoutandtheskin • . . . ¦
is reacting and making fj3§^| d£&S& SJS wSft
extra efforts to throw off d(j®^S SSnoJiS* and pafnfuf but vorv un-
the poisons that have W&J V&k> "* 5 diSlik6d **
accumulated during the Ol [ I tried at leaat a dozen soaps and «alv«»
winter. Then boils and JL^ "til ¥?Sd in°&> iSSr or'the %%*£
pimples, rashes and S^^fe performed throushth P e us« of s. 3. s. I
?rup P tions of every con- &^%^Affl85Lttffi«
ceivable kind make h 'V*V «S^A«» Btott V tIi aL 1 iSSSdSSkto
tiieir appearance, and « teta^,tSf l ilS?SSftS^S|3
Eczema andTetter— the wa« as imoothand soft as a baby's. This was a year
twin terrors of rf» "^ »^^S fflSSvA MIOOB.
diseases — Nettle-rash, ., «,__
Poison Oak and Ivy] «16 So. 7th Bt., Minn«apolis, Minn.
and such other skin troubles as usually remain quiet during cold weather,
break out afresh to torment and distract by their fearful burning, itching:
>*-w and stinging. A course of S. S. S. now will pun fy
fC*^ ICN CCS and enrich the blood, reinforce and tone up thegen-
>O\ >^v eral system and stimulate the sluggish circulation*.
hOJ bO) hOJ thus warding off the diseases common to spring and
* >*-< summ er. The skin, with good blood to 'nourish it,
remains smooth and soft and free of all disfiguring eruptions.
Send for our free book on diseases of the skin and write us if you desire
medical advice or any special information. This will cost you nothing. V
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm
¦ ' ... . ¦Four Brothers in Pulpits.
Four brothers in the Presbyterian min
istry Is the record of the Lee family,
which Is permanently represented in
Philadelphia by v the pastor of the Cham
bers-Wylle Memorial Presbyterian Church,
Broad street, below Spruce.
There are six brothers In all and one
Bister, and all are members of the Pres
byterian church. The four preachers hold
Important ; pastorates, with the exception
of one, who Is a college president. All of
them are graduates of Williams College,
but of only three theological seminaries.
The oldest is the Rev. E. Trumbull Lee,
D. D., LL.D., of New York city. Although
a recent addition to the list of Philadel
phia pastors, having gone there from Cin
cinnati, Dr. Lee has Haken a front rank
as befits the pastor of. one of the leading
churches of the city. He is a graduate of
Williams College in the class of 1879. and
of Union Seminary, 1S82. During July
and August Dr.' Lee. will be assisted by
his brother, the Rev. Wallace Howe Lee,
LL. D.. who for twelve ' years has been
president of Albany College, Albany, Or.
Cincinnati claims two of the brothers as
pastors, (the Rev. George Hewitt Lee,
pastor of College Hill Presbyterian
Church, and the Rev. Lewis Karle Lee.
pastor of the Northslde Presbyterian
Church. The former graduated from Wil
liams in 1879, and from Hartford Theo
logical Seminary In "T884. 1 The last, who
Is the youngest of the four, signs himself
Williams '94, Lane Theological Seminary.
New York Commercial.
NERVr) AND REVOLVES SAVE
SAN JOSE WOMAN $300
Plucky Mrs. McLeod Forces Thief to
Return Gold Stolen From
Her Buggy. /
SAN JOSE, Aug. 24.— Nerve and a revol
ver in the hands of Mrs. E. McLeod, a
woman orchardist. saved her 1300 this aft
ernoon and landed Frank Young behind
prison bars. Mrs. McLeod conducts an
orchard on the Stevens Creek road, seven
miles southwest of San Jose. This after
noon bhe came to San Jose and hired
Young anufc another man. On the way
home she stopped at" a bank and drew
$300 in gold. She put this money in a
purse and the purse in a satchel at the
bottom of the buggy. .' > ¦
"When Mrs. McLeod arrived home Dud
ley Dlnsmore, a fruit buyer.' was at the
house. She Instructed Young and the
other man to put up the horse and buggy
and engaged in business negotiations with
Dinsmore. After the latter left she went
to the buggy to get the. money, and found
the purse missing. She went to the
house, secured a revolver, confronted the
men and told them she wanted the money.
By the actions of Young it was plain he
was guilty and the^woman told him un
less he gave up the'money she would kill
him. Young at once showed her where
the cash was. He had hidden the purse
in one place and the money In another.
Mrs. McLeod held Young a prisoner un
til the arrival of Deputy Bache, who ar
rested Young. - At the Jail he confessed
his eullt.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 24.— Charles
Sweeney and John D. Rockefeller Jr. ar
rived here from the Coeur d'Alene mines
to-night, and Sweeney confirmed previous
reports concerning the organization of the
Federal company in New York with $30,
000,000 capital. "The properties of the Fed
eral Mining and Smelting Company," he
eald, *J'lnclude the Mammoth, the Stand
ard and tho Empire State properties in
the Coeur d'Alcnes; the Puget Sound Re
duction Company's smelter at Everett and
the Monte Crlsto mining properties, hith
erto owned by the Rockefeller interests."
Sweeney Confirms the Story.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 24.— A formal
charge of murder was preferred to-day
against Ed Pennington, colored, 'who has
been In Jail nearly a week as a suspect
for the alleged murder ot Eva -Drouin.
alias Eva de la Craye. Twe woman was
killed with a paving stone in a resort in
the heart of the red light district last
Monday night, her horribly mutilated body
being found two hours after the, crime had
been committed. .The next day Penning
ton was arrested on suspicion that he was
the murderer. The clothes which he had
•vorn on the night of the murder were
found, and on them were numerous spots
of human blood. It la positively known
that he was In the district at the time of
the murder and there are other suspicious
circumstances connecting him with the
<ase which the detectives are not ready
to make public. Pennington made dam
¦¦.pine admissions while being questioned
by the officer*. He was arraigned to-day
-jnd hi3 preliminary examination set for
Wednesday. He will endeavor to estaV
l!sh an '»libi.
Los Angeles Suspect Must Answer
for the Alleged Killing of
Eva Drouin.
FENNINGTON IS CHARGED
WITH CBIME OP MUBDEB
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 24.— Coroner Frank
Blackburn to-day held an Inquest over
the body of Frederick J. Billet, the Occi
dental man who was killed near Casa
dero yesterday while deer hunting, and a
verdict of accidental death was returned.
Billet and James Patterson, a friend, were
hunting and separated, both^golng up op
posite sides of a ravine. Seeing something
in the brush and believing it to bo a deer,
Patterson fired. The bullet entered Bil
let's back, tearing away part of the heart.
This is the fourth death under similar
circumstances reported in this vicinity
during the past few months.
Kills His Friend by Mistake.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Lewla E. Campbell,
over 21, and Jean M. Martin, over 18, both
of Oakland; Manuel dc B. Mathlas, 26,
and Mary Abreu, IS, both of Oakland; Al
bert Benson, over 50, and Eliza Hamilton,
over 50, both of. Oakland; Frank C. Howe,
over 21, and Harriet E. "Worden, over 18,
both of Oakland: James W. Seawell, 23,
Mendoclno, and Jessie H. Smith, 23, Ala
meda. .»
Marriage Licenses.
Sailors Attack Conductor.
Julian Besnog and Julian Labaux, two
French sailors from the ship Duplex, now
lying in the stream, were arrested last
evening on Kearny street by Patrolmen
Halnes and O'Connor and booked at the
City Prison on charges of battery- The
two men, who were passengers on Kearny
and Mission street car No. 1131. persisted
in smoking in the inside of the car, much
to the annoyance of several ladies. When
the conductor, M. C. Ferguson, remon
strated with them they indulged In much
profane and abusive language. When the
car reached Pine street Ferguson signaled
the motorman to stop and started to eject
tho two drunken men. They immediately
commenced to assault the street-car man,
and in the melee both of the sailors re
ceived buperflclal wounds on the head
from a transfer punch in the hands of
Ferguson. The officers arrived on the
scene at this juncture and the arrest fol
lowed.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 24.-Charle S P. Neil
eon, the artist, will deliver his "Talk on
Art" before the Unitarian Club "Wednes
day evening. Previous to the lecture
there will be specialties by Lloyd Spencer,
monologist, and violin numbers by Hugo
Pobelm.
Unitarian Club Programme.
YOSEMITE VALLEY, Aug. 24.— A
shooting affray occurred at Raymond last
night that may cost the driver of the
ambulance belonging to the Ninth United
States Cavalry, located at Wawona, his
life. A crowd of colored troopers doing
range duty In the national park congre
gated at the saloon of the California Ho
tel and after drinking considerable liquor
ind'ulged In rough talk. Some of the re
marks were directed toward the proprie
tor of the hotel. William Duncan, who
resented them. . ' -*¦» "-_;
Ben Bane, the ambulance drive, then
threatened to cut Duncan's heart out,
whereupon Duncan stepped to the end
of the counter, where his revolver lay,
and before the crowd could realize what
had happened had shot Bane through the
stomach. Bane dropped to the floor in
sensible and an exciting scene followed.
The soldiers threatened to kill Duncan,
but he held his ground and, with his re
volver In his hand, said he would shoot
the first man who approached him. The
confusion gradually gave place to order
and the wounded man was taken to a
room in .the hotel and a doctor sum
moned. ¦ ' lt . . „
The hotel was the scene of a similar
affair last year, when the proprietor, Ben
Ducker, was shot and killed by drunken
roughs.'
Napa County was represented by Dis
trict Attorney Ray Benjamin, the Asses
sor being confined to his home by illness.
Napa County shows an increase of $496.
325 over the valuation returned for 1902.
Benjamin said the Assessor had assured
him he had properly assessed all prop
erty.
At the afternoon session of the board
the assessment roll of Solano County was
taken up. George Lament, an attorney,
represented the Assessor. He stated that
during the last ten years the value of
izrain lands had dcreased materially, and
cited the fact that land which was sold
in 1SS3 for $123 an acre was subsequently
Fold for $00 an acre after a number of
years Epent in looking for a purchaser.
Marin County's assessment was taken
up first this morning, R. H. Parks, As
sessor of that county, appearing before
the board to oppose a raise. In 1902 the
total valuation of property in the county
was $11,521,110. while this year the valua
tion is returned at $11,931,385, an increase
of $4io,ra. :'•:¦-;
Assessor Parks declared he had assessed
the property as high as its actual value
would warrant.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 24.— The State
Board of Eauallzatlon took up the as
sessments of various counties In the State
to-day and will probably be In session
all week, making inquiries as to why as
sessments should not be raised.
BERKEfcET, Aug. 24.— Professor Kendrle C.
IJabcock, who wa» recently elected president of
the UnWereity of ..Arizona, will address the
women of the university at a meeting to be held
at Stiles Hall to-morrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock. The subject will be "Thlftmportance
of Bible Study."
The unlversKy orchestra is about to be or
ganized for the fall term. The arrangements
are in the hands of Paul Thelen. Rehearsals
will begin a week from to-morrow.
Professor W. L. Jepson will deliver a lecture
on the timber trees of California and. the Pa
cific Coast before the students in civil engineer
ing to-morrow and Thursday mornings at 10
o'clock. The lectures will be illustrated.
Professor E. N. Henderson, a former student
of the university, was married recently to Mlsg
Margaret Wallace of Woodland. After hla
graduation he was principal of the Woodland
High School and subsequently took a post grad
uate course in education at Columbia Univer
sity. He Is now vice principal of Adelphl Col
lege. Brooklyn.
Yosemite Valley Hotel
Man Badly Wounds
a Driver.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— A decree of di
vorce was granted Amelia M. Stevens this
morning by Judge Melvin from Thaddeus
M. Stevens en tht ground of habitual In
temperance.
Etta Hastings was granted a separation
from her husband, Sanford D. Hastings,
a railroad man, to-day by Judge Melvin
on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Wives Given Divorces.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
County Officials Appear
Before the Board of
Equalization.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— After pursuit for
three blocks, R. P. Selby, a candy dealer
at 1057 Washington street, captured a
man this afternoon who had tried to pass
a worthless check for $10 on one of Sel
•j by's clerks. The check and prisoner were
turned over to the police. The captured
fugitive refucid to give any name but
"John Doe."
Catches Fleet-Footed Fugitive.
Sheriff Taylor was notified and late this
evening he arrested two men upon sus
picion and will hold them until Fuents
regains consciousness.
It Is believed that some one engaged
the bartender In a game of cards and
then drugged and robbed him.
SAN RAFAEL', Aug. 24.— Drugged and
robbed in broad daylight, dragged behind
a bar and his head placed in a water
bucket, was the experience of Ernest
Fuents, a bartender in one of San Ra
fael's principal saloons, to-day.
Fuents is employed in his brother's
saloon near the California Northwestern
depr»£ on Fourth street. A customer en
tered the place this afternoon, and not
finding tho mixologist at his post, made a
eearch and found him lying Jjghlnd the
bar unconscious. Assistance was pro
cured and an effort was made to resusci
tate Fuents, but to no avail. A purse
containing a large amount of gold was
missing and other valuables belonging to
Fuents were gone.
of Having Committed
the Crime.
Two Men Are Arrested on Suspicion
SAN RAFAEL BARTENDER
IS DRUGGED AND ROBBED
¦ BERKELEY, Aug. 24. — Thieves entered
the hous=e of Mrs. Mary Cartt-right of
2214 Chancing way Saturday evening
while her daughter. Miss PeaTl Cart
wright, was being married to Lieutenant
William B. Graham at the First Congre
gational Church. They stole the ice
cream that had been prepared for the
wedding guests and the invited ones had
To eat something else.
Steal Wedding Icecream.
Supervisor Rowe declared that In his
opinion the assessment was sufficiently
high and that the board and County As
sessor Dalton should appear before the
State Board of Equalization and make
proper argument and representations.
In accordance with Rowe's suggestion
Chairman John Mitchell announced that
Assessor Dalton and himself would go to
Sacramento on Wednesday and appear
before the State board. Mitchell said the
Supervisors should all be present and take
part In the argument.
Objection was urged to-day In the Board
of Supervisors against any raise by^' the
State Board ot' Equalization in the total
assessment of Alanieda County. The mat
ter was presented to the board In the
shape of a notice from the State Board
requiring a showing of cause to be made
on Wednesday at Sacramento why the as
sessment should not be raised.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Aug. 24.
RESENTS THREAT
WITH REVOLVER
Cousins in Illinois Reach Out for a
Part of Supposed Wealthy
Estate.
OAKLAND. Aug. 24.— From Illinois
comes a contest of the will of the lato
James A. Slrrene. who Is supposed to have
left a rich estate to a few friends who
. ware about, him .when he died.
Congressman Bell of Napa states that
he will Institute a contest in the courts
to-morrow in behalf of two cousins of Slr
rene In Illinois, who state that the prop
erty he has given away Is valued at fully
$150,000. The estate consists largely of
mines and mining stock of unknown
value.
WILL CONTEST PROBATING
OF J. A. SIRRENE'S WILL
Supervisors Will Argue
Before State Board
of Equalization.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day appointed Edwin
Stearns, secretary of the Board of Trade;
Wilbur Walker, secretary of the Mer
chants' Exchange, and J. C. Shinn. a
prominent horticulturist of Niles, as com
missioners for Alameda County to the St.
Louis Exposition. The commission will
serve without compensation, but will be
allowed actual traveling expenses in
curred In the work. The members -will
prepare an exhibit cf the resources of the
county and maintain it at the exposition.
They will also take charge of the prepa
ration and distribution of literature. It
Is intended that the commission shall
lend assistance toward the arrangement
of an exhibit at the Lewis and Clark Ex
position, which will be held at Portland,
Ore., in 1905.
Board of Supervisors Designates the
Men Who Will Represent
Alameda County.
NAMES COMMISSION \ f
TO ST. LOUIS FAIS
OPPOSE A RAISE
OF ASSESSMENTS
An informal report made to the board
by Superintendent Spinks of the mangan
ese mines in Stanislaus County Is to the
effect that a roadway can be constructed
about ten feet above the creek and.fol
lowing its course would do away with the
extreme grade of the old highway and
reduce the distance about a mile and a
half.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— Instructions were
given County Surveyor Prather by the
Board of Supervisors to-day to make a
survey of a proposed road from Liver
more along the Arroyo Mocho to mines in
Stanislaus County. A report is expected
from him by next Monday's meeting of
the board, when. If it Is thought to be
feasible, the board will view the proposed
route and let bids fcr the work to be done.
PROPOSE NEW HIGHWAY
TO STANISLAUS MINES
Supervisors Instruct County Sur
veyor to Heport Feasibility of
Road Along Arroyo Mocho.
OAKLAND. Aug. 14.— The body of
Chp.rles Reese Lloyd, the Berkeley capi
talist, who was shot last January at San
Bernardino by William Boxall. was
taken from the steamer from China to
day to the Lloyd residence in Berkeley,
l^loyd died at era August 6 on the Kcrea
v^ile tiklr.jr a voyage in eearch of health,
and Mrs. Llojd returned with her hus
•car^.'« remains from Yokohama. The
funeral will be held Wednesday after
noon at 3 o'clock from St. Mark* Eplsco
1*1 Church, Berkeley.
the Remains
EETURNS WITH BODY
OF CAPITALIST LLOYD
Wife cf Berkeley Promoter, Who
Died at Sea, Brings Home
On the slopes of the Ural Mountains
and in Brazil, California, Australia, Can
ada and many other , countries, says
Chambers' Journal, a peculiar substance
known as native platinum is found. This
is an alloy of ( the metals platinum, palla
dium, Ididium, osmium, rhodium and ru
thenium, together with a little gold and
Iron. All of these except the last men
tioned are the, "noble" metals. They do
not tarnish in .the air and are not coluble
in any single acid. Their values per ounce
are: Platinum, 95s; palladium, 190s; os
mium, 220s; iridium, 230s; rhodium, 400s;
and ruthenium, 450s. The most plentiful
metal occurring is native platinum Is that
from which it takes Its name. This metal
Is of a grayish color and, with one ex
ception, is the heaviest substance known.
Its fusing point is extremely high, and
this property, together with its freedom
from tarnishing, causes it to be largely
used for the manufacture of crucibles and
other vessels required by scientists to'
stand a very high temperature. It is also
sometimes used as a substitute for gold
in photography, and when deposited in
a thin film on t-e interior of the. tubes
of telescopes It forms a dead black sur
face, which prevents the light from be
ing reflected by the polished sides. The
demand for platinum largely exceeds the
supply; hence the metal is yearly advane
lng in price.
Palladium Is of the lustrous white color.
It is the most easily fused of the metals
found in platinum ore and can even be
votallized. A curious quality -which thl*
metal possesses is that when heated to red
ness It Is porous. to hydrogen sraa, allow
ing it to pass through somewhat in tho
same maner that blotting paper permits
the passage of water. The ullvory white
color of palladium and ita freedom from
tarnishing renders it useful for making
scales and division. marks on scientific In
struments. A mixture of this metal with
mercury is sometimes used for stopping
teeth. Osmium is a metal which pos
sesses two remarkable properties— it Is
the most refractory of the metals, resist
ing fusion at the most intense heat, and
it Is also the heaviest substance known,
being almost twenty-two and a half
times heavier than water. Together with
lrldium, It occurs principally in a peculiar
variety of native platinum called osmlri
dium. This mineral differs from ordinary
platinum ore in that it contains a larger
proportion of osmium and iridium than
platinum. Osmlrldlum is found in small
particles, varying In weight from one
sixth to one-third of a grain. These par
ticles are extremely hard and are u£ed
for pointing non-wearing pens. For this
purpose as much as thirty ounces of osml
rldium are usid annually In the United
States. This mineral Is a source of much
trouble to tho officials of tha Russian
mint, who find it extremely difficult to
separate small particles of it from the
gold used for coinage. •
Metallic Iridium possesses a white
steel-like appearance. The lenife edge3 of
delicate balances and other bearings
which require extreme hardness arc often
made of It. An alloy of 10 per cent irid
ium and SO per cent platinum has b?en
found to be very little aff6cteJ In volume
by changes of temperature, and is the
substance of which the standard meter,
kept in the international metric bureau at
Paris, is made. Rhodium and ruthenium
are metals of little practical use. The
former occurs In platinum ore to the ex
tent of 5 -to 6 per cent. The latter Is
found only In osmirmium, and averages
about 5 per cent of that mineral. Thes3
six metals have been treated together be
cause of their resemblance to each other,
but the metal which ranks next to plati
num In price is zirconium, which occurs
in hyacinth and some other rare minerals,
and is worth about £6 per ounce. Tita
nium and uranium, whose ores are found
In Cornwall and some other places, are
each worth £S 10s per ounce. Uranium is
remarkable for Its high atomic weight,
the heaviest known.— Baltimore Herald.
Where They Are Found, Their Prep
aration, Cost and
Use.
NATIVE PLATINUM AND
' OTHER RARE METALS
The same night a pasture fire threat
ened E. P. Herrier's residence. Exactly
a week later two tons of hay stacked on
Bayview avenue, owned by H. C. Clay
ton, were burned. The following night C.
tl. Silva"B barn on Moss avenue was fired
and a large stack of hay at A. S. Ma
loon's place near by went up in smoke.
The townspeople have been unable to
explain the succession of fires except on
the theory that an Incendiary is at work.
OAKLAND, Aug. 24.— Frequent fires of
supposed Incendiary origin have led the
citizens of Elmhurst to call a meeting for
Thursday night to organize a vigilance
committee. A week ago Saturday the
residence of J. Llttlefield on Klnsell ave
nue was damaged by a mysteriously
started fire.
Citizens Call a Mass Meeting That
They May Organize a Vigi
lance. Committee.
FIBEBTJG SUPPOSED TO BE
AT WORK IN ELMHURST
The skipper was Captain W, F. Pierce
of the yacht Kitty of the California
Yacht Club fleet, who had been knocked
overboard by the boom of hlj boat. The
crew of the Kitty tried to save him, but
could not manage their boat and were
far away when the Occident arrived, The
crew of the Occident was composed of
Captain Will Samuels. Miss Bertha Bat
dorf, Clarence Lee, Frank Bray, A. L.
Winchester, Edwin Conruy and Alexan
der Potter.
BERKELEY, Aug. 24.— The members of
a party in the yacht Occident had a share
in saving an amateur skipper from
drowning yesterday in the . bay. While
cruising off Alcatraz Island they saw a
man struggling in the *" water. They
rushed to his rescue and pulled him out
of the water just as he was about ,to go
down for the third time.
Crew of Occident Arrives Just in
Time to Save Captain of
Kitty.
YACHTING PAKTY RESCUES
SKIPPER FROM DROWNING
After assuring herself that every one
of her pupils had left the place. Miss
Head attacked the flames With hand
grenades and garden hose, - leading the
gardener and a Chinese cook to the front.
The flames broke out in the kitchen at
7:30 o'clock. In short time they were
climbing the woodwork ' rapidly. . They
started from an overheated stovepipe con
necting with • a basement- range where
washing was done this afternoon. As
soon as the alarm was given. Miss Head
took personal charge of the- fight. So
well did she accomplish the -¦' task that
there "was nothing for the fire department
to do when the apparatus arrived. The
damage was not heavy.':-..
MJss Anna Head, principal of the fash
ionable boarding school for young women
that bears her name, played the star
role of heroine this evening in a fire epi
sode which occurred at the large school
building, 2538 Channlng Way. By cool
direction Miss Head saved the structure
from burning, arid with careful presence
of mind emptied the large apartments
of the one hundred or more student oc
cupants who had become alarmed by the
outbreak. , ->:^.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Aug. 24.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 24.-r<:ommerc«
between the United States and its non
contiguous territory amounted to more
than $100,000,000 In the fiscal year just
tended. Thla figure of $100,000,000 Include*
about $3,000,000 worth of gold bullion pro
duced in Alaska and brought Into the
United States. Even excluding this,
however, and including only merchandise
in the calculation, the total amounts to
$95^18,000..
This is the first opportunity which has
been offered for an accurate measure
ment and analysis of the commerce be
tween the United States and its non,-"'
contiguous territory since the annexation
of the Hawaiian Islands and Porto Rico.
The Hawaiian Islands were made a cus
toms district of the United States when
they were annexed, and as the law did
not require the collection of statistics of
commerce between the customs districts,
a part of the people engaged In that com
merce refused to supply such information
to the Bureau of Statistics. When Porto
Rico became a customs district of the
United States a similar condition devel
oped, except that the information was
voluntarily supplied for publication by
the steamship companies engaged In that
trade. As a result a special law was
enacted which applied to the commerce
between the various ports of the United
States and the non-contiguous territory,
the regulations which were applied to
foreign commerce, as far as relates to
statistics of such commerce. This la*t/>»*
went into effect at the beginning of the
last fiscal year, and therefore the result
of the fiscal year's operation Is just
available. The law, when enacted, was
made - broad enough to Include all non
contiguous territory belonging to the
United States. As a result it gives the
statistics of the commerce between Alas
ka and the ports of the United States,
as well as that of Hawaii. Porto Rico.
Philippines, Guam, the Samoan Islands,
etc. This record ha.3 been completed
for the fiscal year, under the new law,
and the result la indicated by the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor through
Its Bureau of Statistics, as follows:
Shipments from the United States
to its non-contiguous territory,
1903 $36,722.JM1
Receipts of merchandise from non
contiguous territory. 1903 C8.894.71T
Gold bullion received from Alaska
(domestic production) 4,T19,5T9
Total $100,337,237
While these annual figures are the first
of any official nature which the country
has had of the commerce with Porto
Rico and the Hawaiian Islands since
their annexation, it Is practicable to
compare these with the figures of the
commerce with these islands in any year
prior to annexation because of the fact
that commerce with them was always
measured and reported when they were
foreign territory. Thla is true also with
the Philippines. In regard to Alaska no
accurate statistics of the commerce were
gathered prior to the last year, but esti
mates were made for former years, which
give a fair basis for comparison. It Is
practicable, then, to compare the com
merce of 1903 with that of 1S93, far all of
this territory which has now become a
part of the United States. This compart*
son shows that the imports from these
various territories aggregated. In round
' numbers, $29,000,000 in 1S93, and $39,000,000
in 1903. and that exports to that territory
amounted to less than $8,000,000 In 1S93,
and more than $36,000,000 In 1303.
The following table shows the value of
merchandise passing between the ports
of the United States and Its non-contigu
ous territory In the fiscal year 1903, com
pared with that of 1803: •_. \ :
Imports from — 1S93. 1903
Porto Rico J.... $4,008,623 $11,051,198
Hawaiian Islands O.14tf.7fi7 2fl.242.SH9
Philippine Islands ... 0.15».S57 M.372.CS4
Alaska 6.8CO.00O 10.228, 0«»
Totals S29.175.2J7 $58,894.71T
Exports to—
Porto Rico $2,510,607 $12,24(5.225
Hawaiian Islands .... 2,927. (Wtt 10.840.472
Philippine Islands .... 154.373 4.0:».!>oa
Alaska 2.317.COO 0.497.721
Guam and Samoa 99,614
Totals $7,SCS>,fil3 $30,722,911
MERCHANDISE.
Total imports from. ..$29,173.2*7 S58.S04.71 7
Total exports to T.SC9.ft*S v 36.722.941
$36.9*4,805 $95,617,638
Gold bullion 1.107,000 4.71&.570
Total comm'ce wlth.S3S.0Ql. 595 $100,337,237
The Protector differs chiefly from the
Holland and otner types of submarine
boats In being able to run along on wheels
upon the floor of the ocean. Traveling on
the bottom is declared to be the most
simple, safe and reliable method known
to under-water navigation. There are two
wheels fitted to the keel— one in advance
of the otner. They are three feet In diam
eter, with nine-Inch face. .
The impossibility of stating in advance
what lands will ultimately be recommend
ed for reclamation will result in great
disappointment to many persons. The
fact that lands have been temporarily set
aside is, in the eyes of many, an Indica
tion that these lands will be reclaimed,
and, although every attempt has been
made to warn individuals of the futility
of filing upon these lands under the home
stead law, the^- persist In taking up the
land on the bare possibility that the sur
veys and examinations will ultimately
show it to be reclannable. It is an un
fortunate condition, which apparently can
not be corrected at present.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 24.— The first an
nual report of the reclamation service,
by F. H. Newell, chief engineer, which
will be published as a Congressional doc
ument, is about to be issued by the United
States Geological Survey.
In his letter of transmlttal the Direc
tor of the Survey notes that the recla
mation law of June 17. 1902, which Is
quoted In full, is so general in its terms
that its success or failure may be said
to rest almost wholly upon Its adminis
tration; Innumerable details not being
touched upon in the law.
The work of examination and survey
is described by- States. In most instances
the field work is still in progress and In
nearly every locality there are alterna
tive methods of reaching tne desired end,
the relative merits of which cannot be
determined until careful estimates have
been made. In brief, it may be stated
that work has been carried on In the
following localities in the variou3 States
and Territories: On Salt and Gila rivers
in Arizona: on . Colorado^River in Cali
fornia; on North Platte, Gunnison and
Grand rivers in Colorado; on Snake River
in Idaho; on the deep well problems of
Western Kansas: on Milk River in Mon
tana; on the artesian well probabilities of
Western Nebraska; on Carson and Truc
kee rivers in Nevada: on the artesian
probabilities of Central Oregon; on Bear
River in Utah; on Yakima River In Wash
ington; around Lake de Smet, and also
oh Sweetwater River in Wyoming.
At each of the places where systematic
work has been carried on preliminary,
temporary withdrawals of public lands
have been made, but the areas which may
be reclaimed are indicated only in a gen
eral way by these temporary segrega
tions. The final determination of the re
clamable area rests upon a summation
of all the facts of feasibility and cost, so
that it can be stated only as the last of
a series of estimates.
Efforts to reopen the Hermitage, one of
the old time roadhouses of Alameda Coun
ty, which flourished in Upper Fruitvale
before the advent of the electric roads in
that district, have failed. The applica
tion of F. C. Schnarr for a license to con
duct a saloon at that place was denied by
the Board of Supervisors this morning,
as Schnarr was unable to prove that
he had the proper signatures to his ap
plication.
Attorney Max Marcuse, who has been
representing Schnarr, said that he had
not heard from his client during the last
week, and therefore would not ask the
board for a continuance.
The fight against the resort has been
waged by residents of upper Fruitvale,
led by several clergymen, ever since the
place was closed by L#eon Faure two years
ago. The protestants have carried on a
protracted fight In an effort to perma
nently close the old resort.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, August 24.
The matter of disposing of the city's
garbage wap brought up before the City
Council to-n5ght by a communication re
ceived from the Board of Health, stat
ing that a special meeting had been called
•with a view to declaring the present
dumping ground a nuisance. The Com
mittee on Public Improvements was dele
gated to attend the meeting.
The Council fixed the palaries of extra
clerks in the Treasurer's office at $S0.
The Council decided by vote that the
boundaries proposed in the Fruitvale an
nexation petition were sufficiently clear
for the purposes of an election, but it was
not prepared to cay that the 2500 signa
tures attached to the petition were gen
uine and Councilman Wallace was ap
pointed a committee of one to investigate.
A resolution to pay Mayor Olney $62 50
for Intidenta* expenses in the water pup
ply inquiry and an ordinance to pay Ex
pert Desmond Fitzgerald S1000 for his re
port were referred to the Auditing and
Finance Committee.
Opposition to the fight to close the
dumps corre? mainly from the owner of
The land which the scavengers have been
usir.ff as* a convenient place to get rid of
their garbage collections.
It Is the purpose of those concerned in
the effort to stop dumpinK of garbage at
West Oakland to make a demand that the
use of the grounds t>y the sravengero for
depositing the city's refuse be declared a
public nuisarre. To this end a strong
mrmorial will be rresentt-d to the Board
of Hea'th.
Th« Board of Health has called' a spe
cial meetirg for Thursday evening to take
action upon the garbage question.
Since the last meeting of the board a
largv petition has been prepared and
Fifned by West Oaklanders urging the
closing of the dumping grounds on the
marshes we?t of PeraJta street- A reso
lution (A abate the dumps has been intro
duced n. <1 is tn-fore the board for consid
eration.
"Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Aug. 24.
SAY ASSESSMENT
IS HIGH ENOUGH
Division Superintendent W. S. Palmer
of the' Southern Pacific appeared for the
railroad, and in his argument displayed
a map which showed but thirty-two
bouses in the tract for the yards, which
contains forty acres. Palmer said that'
his company did not intend to block the
lines of the Oakland Transit Company;
/hat all switching would be done 'during
.the middle of the day; that the corpora
tion would inclose and beautify the
grounds with trees. Residents, of South
Berkeley opposed to .having the yards in
their section of tho city came fortified
with a map bearing the inscription,
"Will you destroy the front door of Beau
tiful Berkeley?" On the map the houses
of the protestants were designated in
black and the residents of those who
were not opposed to the yards were indi
cated by red spaces. Stacey W. Gib'ba
for the protestants gave three reasons for
opposing the freight yards.
' First, because their establishment would
perpetuate the steam service, which he
considered out of date; secondly, the
yards would practically close streets in
the vicinity, and, third, they would depre
ciate the value of adjacent realty.
J. L. Robinson said that the site was a
natural and logical one for freight yards
and Would become a business center.
Dr. F. J. Blehl remarked that he did
not believe that the Southern Pacific peo
ple were acting in good faith when they
paid they would not block the lines of the
Oakland Transit Company. Trustee
Staats spoke for the franchise and Trus
tees Dowd and Hoff were heard in oppo
sition before it was put to a vote.
ft ¦I-I-I-I-l-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-f- •
BERKELEY, Aug. 24.— By a vote of 4
to 3 the Town Trustees to-night passed to
print the ordinance granting the Southern
Pacific Company the right to establish
freight yards in South Berkeley on the
Gore tract of land bounded by Shattuck
avenue, Adeline and Russell streets.
Those voting for the franchise were Town
Trustees Staats, Connor, Rickard and
Ryder. Opposed were Dowd, Ferrler and
Hoff.
Hay died on August 16, surviving his
partner a short time. He makes provision
in his will that his interest in the firm,
•which he worked years to build up, should
not be sold out unless it was deemed ab
solutely necessary by the executors, and
even then it should not be done at a loss.
The property consists of his interest in
the corporation of Hay & Wright, ship
builders. In the will Elijah B. Wright^
Joseph Hutchinson and Jane MacDonald
are named as executors of his will, but
owing to the death of Wright, not long
since, Hutchinson and Jane MacDonald
rrlll act as executor and executrix of the
testament.
' By a will of the late Alexander Hay,
filed to-day, his estate, supposed to be
worth anywhere from $100,000 to $250,000,
is left in eoual shares to his sister Jane
MacDonald, and his two children, Warren
B. Hay and Florence A. Hay. A. legacy
of $1500 is bequeathed his granddaughter,
Muriel Brick.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, August 24.
Says Success of Scheme De
pends on Method of Ad
ministration.
Show3 $100,000,000 Busi
ness With Non-Contigu
ous Possessions.
Calls Special Meeting to Con
sider Petition of West
Oaklanders.
Clepr3 Apartments of One
Hundred Students and
Extinguishes Blazo.
¦-¦¦¦" - -¦. ¦
His Interest in the Firm of
Hay & Wright Exceeds
$100,000.
Bitter Fight Against Old
Fruitvale Roadhouse
- r
Is Ended.
Recipient of Privileges Will
Plant Trees and Beautify
Site.
Board of Health Is Re
quested to Take
Action.
Chief Engineer Newell
Will Outline Survey
Work Done.
Application for License
Denied by Board of
Supervisors.
Late Shipbuilder Leaves
Estate to Sister and
Children.
Miss Anna Head Saves
Berkeley Building
From Flames.
Interesting Report Is
sued by Department
of Commerce.
Berkeley Trustees Give
Company South Berke
ley Right3.
MAKE A DEMAND
TO CLOSE DUMPS
EXECUTORS FILE
WILL OF A. HAY
TRADE WITH NEW
TERRITORY BIG
PLAYS HEROINE
AT SCHOOL FIRE
RAILROAD WINS
FREIGHT YARDS
WILL CLOSE UP
THE HERMITAGE
RECLAMATION
REPORT READY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
At a* shooting match in the Canton of
Grisons, Switzerland, a young waitress
laughed at one of the competitors, who
challenged her, to do better if she could.
Accepting, she thereupon took up a rifle
and succeeded in winning a prize. ,
Black, the newiy elected commander in
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic,
Is the guest of his daughter, Mrs. F. B.
' Vrooman of 2507 Ridge road. lie will re
-main in Berkeley a fortnight.
General Black Visits Daughter.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POnT TOWNBEND- Sailed Aug 24— Chil
bktn Alta, from Port Gamble, for Melbourne.
ABERDEEN— Arrived. Aug 24— Schr Espada,
from Manila.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, August 24.
Schr Nokomts, .Nielsen, 0 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbill, 10 hours from Bo
desr a.
Schr C A Kloee, Grugrel, S days from Stus
law. 2-
Canada is about to become the chief
source of the world's supply of arsenic.
The arsenic which for many years baf
fled the gold miners of Hastings County,
Ontario, in their efforts to extract the
precious metal from its matrix, has be
come the more profitable of the two min
erals. This strange turn of the wheel of
fortune has been caused by the virtual
exhaustion of the' former, chief sources
of supply of arsenic in Germany and Eng
land; together with the superior quality
and purity of the Canadian product.
The Kaiser's army is served regularly
with bread and porridge made largely
f rOn^ the peanut.
9
ADVZBTISEMEHTS.
Beat So Violently.
Its Movement
Could Be Seen
Through Clothing.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Cured Me.
No matter what's the matter vrlthrour
heart, it will pay yoa to trr Dr. Miles Heart
Cure. It is a great hsart and blood tome
that cares by removing the cause. Try it for
a short tim- and you will find that you are
no loader short of breath after bnef exertion;
that you can sleep in any position with com-
fort and without the dread of smothering
rpells. It removes the symptoms and cures
tne disease. It strengthens the hearts
action, enriches the blood and improves the
circulation. It has cured heart disease when
all else failed. It has brought relief when
death seemed nijh.
"Since taking a number of bottles of Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure during the past year my
health is letter than for manr years. l no
lon^rexpiritncs any trouble from lying ca
my'left Bide, which disagreeable symptoms •
used ta bother me creatly. The frequent
spells of p=.!pitation and fluttering that I was
at that time subject to were most cJarminj.
At times rny heart would beat so ricientlr
that the rnovem-nt was notictahie through
my clothing. Doctors said ray heart was
enlarged fini I had frequent sever; snootins;
pains through and in the re£':° n of ay. lisart
I think Dr. M;!rs' Mes.rtCure a rrtr.l zmdi-
cine and have alwsys beer. iCoile t » secure
frjat relief tr-Kq its u*e. I r.m hi £ood
ealth now. considcri^j «Hst I ir.T <<? years
old. I ¦wish yo« success."— AxDr.E-.v JaCK-
sos, Centraiia. Wash. . ,
All drnjjjists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miics' Remedies. Send for free book
•n Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Or. Miles Medicil Co, Elkhart, Ind.
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given away t FBEE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fgfet STOMACH
Try a bottle of the Bitters the
next time your stomach is disor-
dered or your liver inactive. You'll
be pleased with the result. It
positively cures Sour Stomach,
Sick Headache, - Poor Appetite,
Constipation, Dyspepsia and Indi-
gestion. • •
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES.
Why wear a bulky plate when you can hav«
bridge work for the cost of material? Natural -
looking and serviceable appliance* mad* with
22-k. gold by an expert and fully guaranteed.
Artistic gold crowns and fillings.
Teeth extracted free. Graduate* only.
Teeth cleaned free. Painless methods.
Week Days'. 0 to 0. Sundays, 9 to 1.
POST-GBADTJATE DENTAL COXASQI
Saa Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 373 "Washington Street.
San Jose— 43 Eaat Santa Clara Str.t*.Tug Defiance Returns.
The Spreckels tug Defiance returned yester
day from Eureka, where she towed the Haydn
Brown a few days ago.
Charters.
Tne French barks Emile Galinc and Em
pereur Menellk were chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d. The
Norwegian ship Almedia loads lumber at Port
land for Sydney at 30s — chartered prior to ar
rival.
The bark Mohican returns to Honolulu with
general cargo. ¦
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.
August 24. 1903.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or a 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and - Heights of High and - Low
XVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
The British. ship Thirlmere, bound from Ant
werp for Port Los Angeles, has put into Falk
land Island very much the worse for wear.
She hsd lost her mainmast and mlzzen top
gallant mast, her rigging was carried away,
one beam was broken, others were started and
the decks were badly damaged.
Thirlmere Sadly Battered.
The French bark Bonchamps. bound from
Dunkirk for this port, previously reported at
Rio de Janeiro for repairs, had her bulwarks
etove In and other damage done about the
deck. The hatches were not stove in. as
stated In the first cabled report.
Hatches Not Stove In.
The codflshlng schooner Mary and Ida, which
arrived on Sunday, brought 105.000 codfish.
This makes 936.000 fish brought from northern
waters this year. The barkentlne Fremont Is
expected within a few days. The Mary and
Ida encountered very heavy weather all the
way home from the Bering Sea.
Nearly a Million . Codfish.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. |8alls. | Pier.
i Angniit 25. j
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm|Pler 2
Nebraskan.. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 2o
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier ..
Bonlta Newport Way Pta. 9 am Pier 19
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Augrnitt 24J.
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
Iaqua « Humboldt Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
R. Dollar... Portland direct ... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt |l:30pPIer 9
Argo'. Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier '&
G. XV. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru... China & Japan... . 1 pm Pier 40
Amorniit 27.
Phoenix Mendoclno City 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney &. Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Autrunt 2$.
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor....:. 1 pm
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Ansrust 29.
Corona Humboldt '.. 1:30 p Pier - 0
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. I Humboldt .'....... 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier 10
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. II am Pier 9
AtiKtiKt 3O.
B. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Angnst 31.
Arctic Humboldt ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2 I
; September 3.
Korla China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Porte. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
. FROM SEATTLE.
• Steamer. . For. . I Sails.
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 26
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 27
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 27
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator Nome, direct ..Sept. 1
Eureka Nome direct Sept. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 1
City Seattle.. Skegway &Way Ports. Sept. 2
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 2
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. August 24.
Btmr Del Norte, Green, 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, 20 hours from Eu
reka. ' .
Stmr Cella. Nordberg, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Argo, .Dunham, 22 hours from Eel
River.
Btmr Korea. Seabury, 28 days from Hong
kong, -via Yokohama 10 days 10 hours, ' via
• - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ~l
The Korea, which arrived yesterday, was the
first of the Oriental liners to reach here since
the order to shape their course so as to be re
ported from Midway Island went Into effect.
She sighted Ocean and Midway Islands August
13 and exchanged signals with the cable sta
tion at the latter place. The Korea passed
through the tall cf a cyclone on her home
ward voyage, but rough as the sea was It
affected the big liner no little that it was not
found necessary to use racks on the tables
during meal hours.
Passed by Midway Island.
The American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's big Texan tried to dock yesterday at
Beale-Etreet wharf, but abandoned the attempt
when It was found that at the berth assigned
to the freighter there lacked seven feet of be
ing sufficient water. The Texan is drawing
twenty-seven feet. Eighteen feet Is all the
soundings ehow alongside the coal bunkers.
Further dredging at this particular place is
Bald to be imr>csslble, owing to the presence
of a lump of hardpan at the depth of eighteen
feet.
Not Enough Water.
Wharf rats stole a boat on Saturday belong
ing to th« French bark Anne de Bretagne.
Harbcr offlclals and water front police went.
on the sleuth and yesterday mcrnlrig discov
ered the missing craft near the foot of Second
street. The temporary and piratical owners
had Bterred a mast and equipped the prize
with a rakish looking sail of unorthodox pat
tern. The recovered boat v.-as securely moored
and Captain Bregeon notified. A crew to row
the boat back to the bark accompanied the
finders of the stolen prci>erty. but when they
returned to where they had left the boat the
wharf rats had antlcljjated them and the Anne
de Bretagne Is still shy one boat.
Wharf rats Steal Boat Twice.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
G. Llndauer. . Gray's Harbor.... Aug. 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 25
Titanla Nanalmo Aug. 25
Silesia Seattle Aug. 25
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 25
Callfomlan... New York Aug. 25
Queen PuKet Sound Ports. ... Aug. 25
Montara Seattle Aug. 20
Phoenix Mendocino City Aug. 26
San Pedro Humboldt Aug. 26
Coronado San Pedro .' . Aug. 28
Chehalis San Pedro Aug. 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 26
Chlco CoQullle River Aug. 27
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. 27
Peru New York via Panama Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt Aug. 27
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Centralla San Pedro Aug. 28
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 28
Conimbia Portland & Astoria Aug. 28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 30
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 30
Argo • Eel River Ports Aug. 30
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 31
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
S.Monica Gray* Harbor .Aug. 31
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 1
Gaelic -China & Japan Sept. 1
San Juan New York via Panama Sept. 2
G. XV. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 2
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Sept. 3
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 4
Movements of Steamers.
advanced yesterday to 45 per cent and two
names were added to the overdue list. The
Norwegian bark Arabia, out 164 days from
Glasgow for this pert. Is quoted at 15 per
cent, and the Britii'h bark Forthbank. out CO
days from Cebu for Hongkong. Is on the board
at 25 r>er cent. The Arabia was epoken May
10 In 12 south. 34 west. The Forthbank. com
manded by Captain Young. Is well known at
this pert, where her skipper has many friends.
The Helen Brewer remains at 90 per cent and
the Milton Park Is etlll quoted at 80 per cent.
thortty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 25. *
Sun rises, 5:33
Sun sets ". 6:49
Moon sets 8:34 p. m.
C ITlmel |Tlme| Tlme| |TIme|
» j Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I j Ft.
? [H XV| |L XV I H XV I (L XV |
25 0:551 5.5 6:5fi! 0.4 1:34 5.7 7:30 Tl
26 1:52 0.1 7:40 1.0 2:15 5.6 8:2* 1.1
27 2:M> 4.71 8:26 1.6 3:01 5.S 9:25 1.0
28 4:02 4.4( 0:17 2.1 3:48 5.4 10:35 0.»
2» B:i5 4.2110:151 2.5 4:42 5.3 11:44 0.8
30 6:31' 4.l(ll:22 2.S) 5:41 5.2
L XV H W L W H XV
31 | 0:401 0.71 7:45] 4.2112:36 2.9 «:42 6.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
SCHOONER MARY AND IDA
WHICH BROUGHT LARGE
CARGO OF CODFISH.
Two New Overdues.
The rate of reinsurance on the Arlstldes was
Kobe — G L. Andrews. Charles Esdale.
Yokohama — J. C. Beutz. Mrs. J. C. Beutz,
P IV. Chllds. Colonel Henry E. Doech. Dr.
F. Anhols. Perry Gavin. Mifs Isabel GIHespie.
Mrs L. B. Graves. Miss Maria Graves. Mies
Dorothy Graves. Dr. C. \V. Hack. Mies Gladys
Howard R \V Irwln C. Kipp. J. D. Murray.
F. H. Noltenlus, J. F. RcxJewald. Mrs. J. F.
Rodewald. Miss E Rodewald, C. Schroder,
Miss Helen Ftecl F. A. Vlvaatl. Dr. <leorge
S. Wallace. W. P. Wright. Mrs. W. 8. Wright.
MIf* Adeline Wright. Miss Catherin Wright,
Master Howard Wright. A. C. Veroman. Rev.
John 6. MacKnight.
From Honolulu — Colonel W. F. Allen, Mrs.
\\ F. Allen. Mrs. W. G. Ashley and infant.
Ml** Belle Ashley. George Ashley Jr.. John
A?hlpy, Catherine Ashley. Dorothea Ashley. J.
Brown*. Mr». J. Browne, Mlt=s W. K. Bulck,
Mrs. F. IMckerton. Sp<>nce Blckerton, Dr. D.
W. Collins. Lieutenant R, V. D. Corpert, Mrs.
JpRFle Corpert. Matter Corpert. F. Colliver. W.
M. Campbell. George W. Cleveland, Mrs. Cleve
land. Mrs. P.. H. Dowsett. C. S. Dwlght.
Miss E. Falrchlld. Mis« Mary F. Flood.
Mrf. E. F. Glrard. Judge C. A. Gal
l>ralth. Mrs. C. A. Galbralth. E. B.
HajWHrd. C. XV. Hudson. G. H. HItrhcock,
Mrf. G. H. Hitchcock and two Bonn, Miss M.
Jo**1yn. L. F. Kenaki, Mies Maud Lovejoy,
E. P. Low. Mn«. E. P. Low. Miss A. D. Low,
John - Lacker. Miss L. MeCormlck. Mifs E,
McCormlck. Gusrav WoltenluR. Mr*. Ordway.
<""laud Ordway, Mrs. E. A. Orr, Mlns Orr. Miss
J. H. Pareons. Professor George Reher, Mlns
Marian Roth. L. L. Ramsay. H. XV. Ru«seil.
James B. Roberts. F. J. Lowiry. Mrs. F. 'S.
Lowrey. Miss F. H. Lowr*y, Fred K. D. Low
rvy. Allan J. Lowrey, N. K. Sarhs, Mrs. N. S.
Sachs. W. E. Eklnner. Mrt». W. E. Skinner.
Robert Slaughter. Mrs. J. L. Torbert. C. C,
von Hamm. Mrs. C. C von Hamm. Mrs. J.
Watt and eon, Mrs W. A. Worthlngton. Dr.
W. P. Wesselhoeft, J. A. Wllllarop. Dr. W. J.
Waller. Mrs. E. L. White. Alex. Young, Mrs.
Alex. Young. Mies B. R. Young and Miss May
A. Younr.
Shanghai — A. W. H. Bellingham. Mre. A.
W H. BelUngham. C. E. Flsk*. Captain A.
C. Knights. Miss Zilz. S. R. Price. Captain
Patterson.
Nagasaki — E. P. Stefla. Miss M. Young.
Dr. A. Mudra, 'he German Vice Consul
at Shanghai, was a passenger on the Ko
rea. Among the Honolulu passengers
was Judge C. A. Galbralth of the Su
preme Court of Hawaii and Alexander
Youn£ aud family.
The Korea's passengers were:
From Hongkong — J E. AlnsTvorth. Dr. W.
R. Davis, II. C. Dfnson. L. B. Harris. J.
Mic^mltz Dr. B. F. Koulkes. V. S. A.; Mrs.
G She* J. B Thomas Mrs. J. B. Thomas.
R" L. Turk. C. A. Wolf. Miss J. Allen. Miss
Ah Dan, \Vong Si Feen. I.*e Hong. Dr. A.
Nudla, Quan King. Mrs. Chin Sing and child.
Mrs. C. E. Townsend. David Townaend. Miss
A Townsend Master Dole Townsend. Mrs. J.
\V. Bolec and maid, Miss Boles, Mrs. P. C.
Freer Mrf. C. R. Lloyd. Carl H. Page. L. Y.
Kan C H. Stone. George A. Tracy. Mrs.
iJoorpe A. Tracy. Master George Tracy. Mrs.
;-ar. You.
Among the Korea's passengers were
many people prominent in the social and
the commercial world. Among tho3e that
came from the C>rient were two captains
•well known In the Far Kast. Captain A.
E. Knights, superintendent of a liiij of
steamships on the Chinese coast, is here
on a business visit. Captain M. F. Pat
terson, who for fifty years has been mas
ter in the China coast trade, has retired
from the sea and has come home to spend
the rest of his days in Alameca.
The body of C. R. Lloyd, the Berkeley
millionaire, was brought home on the
Korea in charge of Mrs. Lloyd. Lloyd left
here on the Korea, intending to take the
round trip for the benefit of his neslih.
Though a sick man when he planed, fie
rapidly gained strength and at the time
of his death was apparently nnjoyinsr ro
bust health. He died on the trip from
Kobe to Yokohama. He had t'.tteiuled a
concert in the music room and when he
retired to his stateroom at about 1 a.
m. was in high spirits and seo:»innly good
health. He died half an hour late:" of
heart disease.
Eeneers. but less than 3000 tons of
freight. What her cargo lacked in dlrn.'n
elons, however. It made up in value. It
included nearly 1390 bales of raw silk, and
the value of this shipment is more than
$1,000,000. There was also stowed away In
her capacious holds 1S.99S chests of tea
and in her treasure room twenty-three
boxes of gold and silver specie consigned
to local banks. The Korea was twenty-
Fix days coming from Hongkong:, sixteen
days and ten hours from Yokohama and
live days seventeen and three-quarter
hours from Honolulu. She was not d'.ie,
according to schedule, until to-day, but
was expected here on Sunday afternoon.
She brought 156 cabin passengers, 51 In the
steerage and 200 " Asiatics. The exact
amount cf freight was 2790 tons.
The day after the Korea left Honolulu
a woman steerage passenger died and
a few minutes later another steer
age passenger grave birth to a girl
baby, so the liner landed here with
the number of passengers her papers
called for. Mrs. Copunti was the baby's
mother. Dr. Arbery, the liner's surgeon,
officiated at the arrival of the young lady,
who was given the name of the ship upon
which she was born. Captain Seabury
saw that everything possible was done
for the mother, who, with Miss Korea
Copunti, landed at this port in first-class
condition.
prr'C HE Pacific Mail Company's big
j liner Korea arrived early yester
] day morning from the Orient. She
¦^ broi:eht a full complement of pa 1 *-
1 Honolulu 5 days 17-% hours.
1 Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 28 hours from
1 Port Harford.
Stmr Sequoia, Foeen, 50 hours from Re
) dondo.
I Stmr Czarina, Soarasn, 48 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Btmr Samoa, Madsen. 48 hours from 8an
Pedro.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, 12 days from Port Had
lock. - .
Bark Chaa B Kenny, Salveson. 12 days from
• Tacoma.
i Tug Defiance. James, 20 hours from Eureka.
! Barge Santa Paula, Pllle, 2V4 days from
' Ventura.
! CLEARED.
Monday, August 24.
Stmr. Umatllla. XoDander, Victoria; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene, Honolulu and Ka
kulul; Williams. Dlmond & Co.
j Nor stmr Hero. Syvertsen, Ladysmlth; R
I Duiusmulr's Sons Co.
J . . SAILED.
Monday. August 24.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Coqutlle River. Dart, Eureka.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria.
Stmr National City, Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Br. «hlr» Daleonar, Iebester, Liverpool.
Tug H H Buhne, Hansfn. Eureka.
Schr Glen, Johnson. Iverssns Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Au& 24. 10 pm— Weather
foggy: wind S. velocity lti miles per hour.
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Sailed Aug 19 — Schr Beulah. for
1 San Pedro. . . ' •
: SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Al-Kl. for
Skagway; stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
Arrived Aue 24— Stmr Edith, hence Aug 21.
Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Cottage City, from
Skagway.
PORT TOWNSE.VD— Arrived Aug 24— Schr
Wilbert L Smith, from Hllo; bark Palmyra,
hence Aug »i, for Port Gamble; Fr bark Cam
bronne, from Antwerp, for Seattle.
Passed in Aug 24 — Bark Prussia, hence Aug
7, for Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 22— Schr Philippine,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 24 — Br ship Cortei. from Ham
burg. ' .
EVERETT— Sailed Aug- 24— Stmr City of
1 Puebla. for Seattle and San Francisco.
| EUREKA— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Eureka.
; hence. Aug 22; bark Haydn Brown, hence Aug
j 22, in tow tuc Defiance.
I Arrived Auk 24 — Stmr Corona, hence Aug 23;
| stmr Arctic, hence Aug. 23. - • -^
I Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
i Cisco; Nor bark Barcssa. for Sydney.
FAIRHAVEN'— Arrived Aug 24— Schr C A
Thayer. hence Aug 10. •>
' SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr
I Santa Rosa, hence Aug 23, and sailed for San
Diego." •
HARDY CREEK— Sailed \ Aug 24— Suiir
Marshfleld, for San Dieco. • :
UNION LANDING— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr
Fulton. • hence Aug 23. ! ¦
BANDON— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Chlco,
hence Aug 10.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Au» 24— Stmr
i Coronado, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Coro
nado, from Port Los Angeles;' stmr Cocs Bay.
hence Aug 21; stmr Aloatraz, 'from Poln f
Arena.
Sailed A*»24 — Stmr Prentlss, for San Fran
j Cisco; stnir t:ooa Bay. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aug 24— U S stmr Mo
hican, for San Francisco. ¦ " :
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 24— Schr
Mary.E Fot,ter. from Honolulu; bark Prussia,
hence Aug 7.
Salled'Aug 7— Schr Polaris, for Manila.
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr News
boy, hence Aug 23.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 23— Schr Nov
elty, for San Francisco. 8
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Aug 24 — Stmr
Bonlta, for San Francisco.-
PORT MADISON— Arrived Aug 24— Schr
wempe Bros, for Hallard. ¦ ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 23— Schr
Espada, from Manila. t
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 22-V-Schr Guide,
hence Aug «; schr Emma Utter, from San
Pedro. • ¦ - ¦¦¦•¦¦
Sailed Aug 24— Stmr Alliance, for Portland.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived Aug 22— Br ship Drum
burton, from Oregon.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Ne
vadan.ifrom Kahulul.
Arrived Aug 24— Ship Star of Bengal, from
Newcastle. Aus; Br etmr Coptic, hence Aug 18.
! for Hongkong.
¦ HILO— Sailed Aug 22— Bark Roderick Dhu,
i for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
; NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 22— Ship W V
Babcock, hence April J).
Sailed Auk 22— Stmr American, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 21— Ger
ship Germalne, for Oregon; Fr ship Marechal
Suchet, for San Franciaco. ¦ •
CAPE HENRY— Passed Aug 13— Ship Ban-
Ka ]?A^.JS > , m ,~ Baltlmore - for Port k 09 Angeles.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Aug 8— Br stmr
Newton, from New York.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Matthew
Turner, from Port Gamble. .
HAMBURG— Railed Aug 21— Ger stmr Tot
mes. for Pan Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 7— Br bark Strath
don, for Royal Roads.
Ve^S^c^uTr- AU * "• 6 P m - Stmr
,„„ OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Totmes,
for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Cali
fornia, for Naples.
Arrived Aus 24— Stmr Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam and Boulogne; stmr Kroonland, from
Antwerp: atmr Cevic, from Liverpool.
LIZARD— l-assed Aug 24— Stmr Finland,
from New York, for Antwerp. •
fcCILLY— Passed Aug 24— Stmr Mesaba,
from New Ycrk, for London. •
PLYMOUTH— Sal ied Aug 24— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg, tor New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Sardinian,
for New York. --¦-.* >
MANCHESTER — Arrived Aug 22 — Stmr
Caledonian, from Boston.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst. from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. ¦ -¦..:> .- .
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug 24— Stmr Astoria,
from New Jfork. for Glasgow, and proceeded.
The will bears date of January 21, 1902.
In the opening paragraph of the will
Helen E. . Cowell is appointed executrix
of the document. In the codicil anexecu
tor Is spoken of, thus showing t'he in
completeness of the will. Cowell's estate
is said to be worth almost Jl.000,000.
There are four Cowell children, namely
—Helen, Ernest, Samuel H. and Isabella.
The incomplete document places them In
a peculiar position in so far as their rights
as heirs are concerned.
d>.T..T..t..T..t..T..T..T..T..T..T..T..T..t..t !¦ t-t"I"t"I-t-I. am
The will of, Henry Cowell, the wealthy
lime dealer, was filed for probate yester
day. It Is a peculiar Cocument In that
it is evident y incomplete, containing noth
ing but the opening paragraph announc
ing that it Is the will of Cowell and a
codicil disposing of but a very small por
tion of his large estate. Two blank pages
are mute evidence that the deceased in
tended to make a disposition of his
wealth, but for some unknown reason
neglected to do so. His attorneys say
that the will was once complete, but
that the deceased, being dissatisfied with
some of its terms, had destroyed part of
it and substituted blank pages, intending
to fill them in at his leisure. The codicil
leaves to Alice George of Massachusetts,
a daughter of a friend, $4 a week until
she marries. It also provides that Ern
est V. Cowell, son of the deceased, shall
receive J1000 the first Christmas -following
the testator's death and $2000 on each suc
ceeding Christmas. It then provides that
the remainder of his estate shall go to
the Henry Cowell Lime and Cement Com
pany.
Procrastination of Testator
Places Heirs in a Pre
dicament.
DocumentFiled Consists
Only of Codicil and
Opening Clause.
COWELL'S WILL
IS INCOMPLETE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. AUGUST 25, l»U3.
Pacific Mail Company's Liner Brings Small but Valuable Freight From the
Orient, Including 18,998 Chests of Tea— Steerage Passenger Gives
Birth to Girl Baby, Who Is Given the Name of the Steamship
KOREA'S CARGO INCLUDES SHIPMENT
OF RAW SILK WORTH $1,000,000
10
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given away FBEE with 1 next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
1OJ4X15J4. ¦ v .
California
Limited.^
to CHICAGO
gpjjll An Ideal Train
n^^fff^^p] For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-stre'ct Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Local |OVrrd
Dally Dally Dally i Dally
' ' I m _ _ _«_ . , - -
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:C0 p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a L0:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 p
"Merced l:08p l:55p 1:28*
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:1& a
"Hanford 4:5Sp 4:O7p 7:50*
" Vlaalia ...... 4:35p 4:48p 3:00a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p 7:35a
" Kansas City.. 2:85a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:13 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7 :30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
! ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
' responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday is the
OAUFOBKXA LIMITED, caXTrlnff Pal-
ace Sleeping; Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
I on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
I 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
j Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
; 4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
i 8:00 p. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
I Free Reclining Ch»ir Cars to Chicago; also
i Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
| responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
: Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices— Ml Market street and in Ferry D»-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave *ii<i are dun to arrive at
SAN FKANCISCO.
f Main Line. Foot of Msrket 6treet )
tutu '— Fung AcecgT as. moa. — a»*iv»
7.UUA UenleU. bultun. fclintr»»nd ttacra-
m«nt» 7-2Sr
7.00a VscstHIc, Winters. Ramsey 725r
730* Msrtlnez. Sun Raraon. Vallejo,
Nap*. CMUtoga, Santa Rots 625r
7.30a Nile*. Llvermore.- Latbrop. Stock-
ton 7.28>
8-OOa Davli. Woodland, Knight* Landing.
JJarriTille. Orovllle. (connects
st Mar j? vllle for Urldler, Biggs
and Chl'-o)... 7.58F
8 00* Atlantic Expresi— Og-drn and Emi. 10.25a
S.QOa Port Costa, Martinez. Antlocb. Br-
ron.TracT.Slockton.Sacramento,
Los Banos. Mendota. Uanford.
Vlsalln; Portervllle n»4.2S*
S.COa Port Coata. Martinez. Tracy. Lata-
rup, Mudesto. Merced. Fretno,
Oosnen Junction, Haaford, VI-
salla. IUkenfield 5.25*
8.30a Shasta Expreaa— Uarla. Williams
(for Oartlett Springs). Willows.
tFruto. ICed Blair, Portland 7.55r
8.30a Klles. S«u Joae. Llrerniore. Storlc-
ton.Ione.Sacrnmento.PlacerTllle.
Mnryivllle. Chlco, lied UluJT 425r
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne And Angels 4-Zor
900a Martinez and WayStatlona .2 22'
1000a Vallejo 12.28*
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Kastbound.—
I Port Coita. Martinez, Bjron,
Truer. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Kayraond. Fresno, Uan-
ford. Vl*alfa, Jlakerafleld, Los
Angele. »nd El Pmo. (^«t
bound arrlret vl»Coa*t Line)... «1.30>
1000a The Overland Limited — Ugden.
Denver. Omnha. Chicago 5£2 F
12 00m Hayward. Nilce and Way Stations. 3-25r-
H.OOr Sacramento lltver Steamers tii.COr
ZZQr Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Willlami. Coluia.Wll-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys-
vllle. Orovllle snd way stations.. 10.55a
330p Ilay wan!. N lien and Way Stations.. 755f>
4C0p Martlnez,SanKi»n>oD.ValleJo,Nap«.
C»llstoga. Santa Uoaa .2?S A
4.00r Mmlnez.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
4-OOp Nile*. Llrerinorc. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.Z6F
4.30r liny ward. Nlles. Irrlngton, 6»a { ™.55a
Jo«e. Llvermore f $1 1.55a
6-C0r The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
Uakersfleld. Los Asgeles 8.55a
BOOp P*irt Costa. Tracy. Stockton. Loa
Banoa 1 2?5 F
»530r Hayward. Nllea and Pan Jote 7 ?5a
GOOp Hayward. SUei and SaaJoie 1026«.
?Acl } v *» e J«» • - 7 - 65 '
'e-OOr Oriental Mail— Sacramento. Ogden.
Denver. Omaha. St. Louts. Chi-
cago and Kant. (Carries ftrst-clasa
passengers only out of Ban Fran-
cisco. - Tourl*t car and coach
passenger* fur 'points beyond
Sacramento take T.OOr. x. train
to Ktfoo, contlnnlng thence In
their cars * r.u. train eastward.. 4.2S>
7C0r Port Costa, Benlcla. Sntsnn, Davis,
Sacramento, Truckee, Reso.
Stop* at all- stations east of
. Sacramento : 7-65A
7-OOr San Pablo. Port Coita, Martlnei
and Way Stations 11-2Sa
8 C5r Oregon & California Exprets — 6ac-
rameuto, MarysTille. Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-55*.
{8.1 Or Hayward, Nllea and San Jose (Sun-
day only) U155a
11.25!" Port Coata, Tracy. Latbrop. Mo-
¦ ¦ desto, Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
' aemlte). Fresno. Ilanford. VI-
salla. Bakersfleld 1228p
COAST LINE (.tarrew tiaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
! 17.45a Sacta Cruz Excursion fSunday
only) ; J8-10i- ;
8.15a Newark. CenterTille.' San Jose.
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Statlona 8.£Si*
t2.15r Newark, CentervUle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Loa Gatos.Fe! ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.55a
4.16> Newark. 8an Joae. Los Gatos and
way atatlon* (on Saturday and
Sunday rnns through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only frosa Santa
Cruz). Connects, at Felton to
snd from Boulder Creek t8 55 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r'KAMClSCO. toot <>r Market St. (Sllpsl
— t7U5 »:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.16p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 t8:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Uroaa tiasge).
' rJ" (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a Ban Jose and Way muttons fi 30p
17.00a San Jose and Way SUtlona 6-3Sr
17.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) J8 30p
/8.00a New Almaden (Tufs.. Frld.) .... /4.1Qr
8.00a Coast Line Limited— Stopsonly San
I Jose. Ollroy (connection for Hol-
' Hater), Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas, San Ardo. Paao Roblea,
Santa Margarita, San Lull Oblspo,
Gaadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saugus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
andPaciftc Grove 10.48**
9.00* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
8antaCruz.PaelflcGrove,Sallnas,
San Luis Objrpo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
11.00a Cemetery Pasaencer — South San
Francisco, San Bruno I.OSp
11 JOa Santa Clara, San Jote, Los Gatos
and Way Statlona 7.30?
a1.30r San Joae and Way Stations x7.C0p
2.00p Ban Jose and Way Statlona {940a
2.30p Cemetery Passenger — South San - '
FranclfCo. San Uruno 4.3Sp
I3.C0P Del Monte Kxpresa— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Groxe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gausre Points) H2-15*
. SZOr Fsdflc GrOTe and Way Stations —
Karllngame.San Matco.Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. May field,
Mountain View, Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Snn Joae, (Gllroy. Hollls-
ter, Trea Plnos). Pajaro, Watson-
vlUe. Capitols, Santa Cruz, Caa-
tr^ville, Salinas 10.45a
4-30p San Joae aypd Way Stations / 8-36a
IBCOp San JoacWvU Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations.....': .:. .-... )9.00a
. SoJOr San Joie and Prlnclpnl Way Stations (800*
tS.ISr San Mateo.Bereaford.Helmont.San
Carlos, • Uedwood. Fair Oaka,
MrnloPark. Palo Alto t9.45P
6.30r San Joae and Way Stations. 8.36a
7X0p Sunset Limited. Eaatbound.— San
Luis Obtspo. Santa Barhara, Loa
Angeles, Iteming. El Paso. New
Orleana. New York. (Westbound
arrlTi»aTta6«TtJcaqutaVa]]ry)... v8 25a
C.COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
1130P South San Francisco. MlllbraiO
Burltngame, San Mateo. Bel-
.mont, San Carlos, Hod wood. +tt4( |.
Fair Oaka. Menlo Park. Palo • It'ift
Alto. May Cel.l. Mountain View, *»-46P
Sunnyvale, Lawrence, Panta
¦ Clara and San Joae ....J
A for. Morning. P for Afternoon,
x Saturday and Sunday only. ? Sunday only.
5 Stops at all a tatlona on Sunday.
T Sunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
« V la Coast Line. tr Via San Joaquln Valley,
m Arrive Tla Nllea. J Tuesday and Friday.
WOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. aoutbbound
«ret:10A.M..t7:0QA.li..n:0OAJt..2:a)p.lc.andl:3Or.M.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
Great Met lean Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Marktt.
AD VXBTISEMEJN X3.
¦ ¦
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
SX/\XJEyVVElNT
OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1902. and for
the year ending on that day. aa mad* to tb»
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
• s per blaak furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... »SS».14S 69
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages.... 21^.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bond, owned by Company. . 2.* 40 .-*" j*
Cash In Company's Office irvrtfl M
Cash in Banks y. 17 * 730 "°
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks'and Loans »»« 1.OT3 Z»
Interest due and accrued on Bonds -,-.,-
and Mortgages •••- sos* *•
Premiums In due Course of CoJ-
lection 5 • •• «30.7W 79
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine RUki. »•«* «
Rents due and accrued •••• B » ItB "
Due from other Companies for K«-
Insurance on losses already paid. a »J
Total Asset. .»4.073.834 77
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid |7».ww w
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5T.ZW w»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,292.- „
971 39: reinsurance 60 per cent. LM«.4M 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J2.120.- '
902 04; reinsurance pro rata... 1.113.49* 08
Gron premiums on Marine and)'
Inland Navigation Risks. $...;! „
reinsurance 100 per cent f B.13* «
Groxa premiums on Marine Time I
Risk?, S ; reinsurance 60 1
per cent J ]
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual Fire Xnsur- ......
ance Policies JOS - 4 25 *?
All other liabilities 134.933 43
Total Liabilities J2.884.861 35
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire '.r^. m .
premiums $2,810,034 64
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rlne premiums 181. 480 65
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortga*.M 10.408 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources TX.STw 4J
Received for Rents 18.313 S»
Total Income $3.091.863 73
EXPENDITURES*
Net amount Dald for Fire Losse*
(Including $ losses of pre-
vlous years) Sl.eS4.«» 06
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses (Including $ losses
of previous years 110,013 M
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage B48.830 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 142.91S 4»
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 72,243 .3
All other payments and expendi-
tures 148.539 74
Total Expenditures .t2.6g3.800 20
Fire! ¦
Losses Incurred flnrtcg the y ear.. »1. 670. 433 73
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ...' $337,002,588 $4,034.479 39
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 3S8.009.101 3,702.333 99
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. ¦ 406.174.717 4 413.873 43
Mar. RUks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written durlc» the
ycar $58,040,561 $231,233 09
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 37,662.134 272.820 38
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 4.1S3.394 84.348 29
" ~ C. F. MULLIN3.
Pacific Coast Branch Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this .
10th day of " March. 1903.
M. M. RHORER.
• 5 Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
416 California Street,
SAX FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE/WENT
py THE t
CONDITION AND AFFATBS
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1902. and for th«
year enilng on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as p«r blank furnished by tha Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by Company. 687,000 00
Cash In Banks T3.863 80
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,250 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 63.430 81
Rents due and accrued 063 00
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid 2.031 93
Total Assets $904.317 40
rJABTLTTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $16 33
Losses In process of Adjustment •
or In Suspense ............... 10.143 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
1233 434 17; reinsurance 30 per
•££ ¦ v."-\;;m- "8.717 «•
Cross premtums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$118 921 22: reinsurance pro rata 63,213 43
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc IV-iffi •.•• 4.5M53
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 11.196 83 ,
AU other Liabilities 11.397 37
Total Liabilities J217.233 64
INCOME. ~*
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ••*:'••.•• $276,607 64
RM»eived for Interest and dividends
w Bonds.' Stocks. Loans. an<3
from all other so»rces 1S.6S1 98
Received for Rents 13.821 M
Total Income $309.111 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
deluding $5,927. losses of pre-
vlous years) •••• »«J.»ai 4a
Paid or allowed for Commission or
RmVrran <».t SO 63
v.M for Salaries. Fees and other
for officers, clerks, etc. 14.1S3 03
PaM for State. National and Local -
Another' paVments and expend!-
turcs * *».w o«
Total Expenditures $134.723 37
Flri •
t^.. m Incurred during the year... $ S8.743 U
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Ri»ka.| Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
?£ te ° . dU . rt "... ? $28,230,241 $ 378.07111
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
"jkaSfftf wStl »«M«T 332.353 33
SAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed A Kennedy.
U. S. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of February- 1903.
* F- FISHBECK. Notary Public
416 California Street,
San Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Y©ai%
SICK HEAOAGHE
Positively cured toy these
Idttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Diwsi-
qcss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. ; Small Dose.
BATXWAY THAVXIil
! |bSM|jmRSC^^h|
When You
Go East
Let me attend to^the details of your
trip, and relieve you of all the respon-
sibility and worry. That's what our
' office force is here for — at your ser-
vice. Through glorious Colorado from
Salt Lake City to Denver, and then on
to Chicago, St. Louis and Boston..
That's the way we take you. It's the
i mo3t intensely interesting ride in
America. .
Kindly let me hear from you,
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Route.
631 Market St.. San Francises. Cal. *
69<> Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Hi. CO.
LESSEE .
• SAN FRANOISCU AhU NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHT.
Tttraron Perry, root of Market St.
SABT rSAKCISCO TO SAN EAPAEI.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. G:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FEANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 6:G0 7:35. 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:30. *2:00, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m. -
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
8UNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20, 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
3:40. 4:60. 6:00, 5:20, 0:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Dayj.
7:30 a ~ ~ 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:OOa 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 0:00 p 0:20 p
£>:10p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
: 7:25 p|
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a S:00a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdeburg. 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, : 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale. .
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland . 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a | 7:30a| wHiTts! | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 a) 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:10 p] Glen Ellen. | H:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p[ Sebastopol. ( 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect st Gre*n Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Pulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs : at Lytton for Lytton Spring*;
at Geyservllle for Skacgs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Spring". Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Spring* ; at
Uklah for - Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley, John Day's
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport.
Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Laytonville, Cum-
mlriKi". Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
GarbervlHe. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. ! Chronicle
building. .
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. . Agt.
TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepttd) — 6:45,
t*7:45, 8:45. 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. *1:45, 3:15,
4:15, t6:16. »0:15. 6:45, 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does uot run to
Mill Valley. - ¦
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
+8. t*i*. I' 10 - u - tll:30 a. m., fl2:30 f«l:30.
2:35, »3:50. 6, 6. 7:30. 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week days — 5:25. $6:25, 7:40, 8:15. J9:35,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20, {3:45, 4:50, 5:30. 6:45.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. *S:10. 0:40. J10:J5.
$11:45 a. m., 12:50, 2:30. *3:25, 4:40, t5:50.
«:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m. -
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 6:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8-25
9:45, 11:10 a- m., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15. 3:10. 7-05'
10:40 p. m. . '
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m. 1205
1:05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. '. :io. 10:40 n. ml
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Camadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15. p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations-
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a, m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market *t
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave ¦ Ti» Siojalit* ttnj . Arrive
SaaFran. fo« *t lUrktt 8c San Kraa.
Week Sun- . iijjji - Sun- W«+i|*
Days. days /SSak d»ys Day.
»;4ftA 8:OOa i^aSaBafl 12MIO.N B:loX
l:45r 0:OOa UW$££SH&9 12-.aOr3-.3Or
0:15p1O:OOa «ffi^V 3:3Or 5:50r
11:30a XeSSSy 4:35f
— -— l:3Or yajtW K:*ft»
2:33 pj . 8:OOr
UtiriAjt wly, letw T»nra Y e;3Or,«tiwty. lliSOy
I1CIII j (US Maskkt St., (North Snore Kailroadj
Of KCB I and Sausauto Fc*aY. Foot Market SuVisible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, Aug. 24.— The visible -Supply
of rraln Saturday, August 22, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange. Is -as
follows:
Bushel*. Increase. Decrease
¦Wheat 12.B0O.0OO -152.000 .. < '
Corn fl ' 447 '°5S •¦ 221.000
b^T ::::::::: 6 «- '£<£ .f 8 - 000
Barley , 615,000 224,000 ....'.'.'.
New York Cotton Market.
f . • --
NEW TORK. Aug. 24. — Cotton futures
opened firm.- with- August. 2 points lower, and
closed firm, net 4@27 points higher.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aujr.- 24.— Wool, steady; medium
No further changes in quotations for Cattle,
Sheep and Hogs are reported. j
DKKSSEJJ MEATS. ¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows :
BEEF — tifl"7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows. ' .
VEAL — Large. 7®Sc; small, ft® 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wether*. SffOc; Ewes. 85Stfc per
pound
a LAMB— Spring. !H4@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Heirs. S^44S!tMc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in ban Francisco, less So
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers. S<&Oc ; Cows and Heifers,
7®Sc; thin Ccws, 4©5c per lb.
— ig5Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewei. ii\Wo\c per ib
S LAMBS- Spring, $2 75@3 per head.
HOOS— Live -Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 6©6%c;
under 140 lbs. Bmp5T<.c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars 60 per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent
oft from above Quotations.
General Merchandise.
HAGS— Grain Ba«*. 5©5l4c: S«n Quentln,
5 55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%0
8c; cotton Fruit Eass. «V4c. t>% and 7%c for
the three -grades. _
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton: New Wel
lington. %H\ Seattle. $<$ 60: Bryant. $6 60; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60: Stanford, $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 R0; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $1: Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
NEW TORK. Aug. 24.— Spot tin was Cs 6d
lower In London, at £127, and £1 lower, at
£124 10« for futures. Locally tin was easy
and lower, spot being quoted at ?27fr28.
There was a decline of 10s in the London
copper market, spot there being £59 5s at the
close, and futures at £58 5n. Locally copper
was quiet. Lake Is quoted at $13 75@14
electrolytic nt $13 62% @ 13 Tt and casting at
$13 37Vi@13 50.
Lead wa» unchanged at £11 3s 9d in Lon
don and at $4 25 In New Tork.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 In London
and locally «t SO.
Iron closed at Ms 8d tn Glasgow and 40b 9d
in Mtddlesboro. In New York Iron was quiet.
No. .1 foundry northern is quoted at $17 50®
18; No. 2 foundry northern at $16 60@17; No. 1
foundry southern and No. 1 foundry southern
soft at $16 60(210 75.
New York Metal Market.
Will Study the Kanakas.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aujr. 24.—
Mary Roberts Smith, associate professor
of social science, who has been In charge*
of the sociological work at Stanford for
several years, has obtained a year's leave
of absence from the university and will
spend the time in the investigation of
charities, charitable institutions and simi
lar' problems in the Hawaiian Islands.
Professor Smith will among other thlnz3
make a study of the Kanakas as a race
and the causes of the diseases prevalent
among them.
Refuses to Tell Who Stabbed Him.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 24.— A Mexican
laborer, about forty-five years of age, was
found late this afternoon in Jap alley
with an ugly knife wound in his back. He
was endeavoring to crawl away but waa
too weak. Though conscious and able to
talk he refused to give his name or tell
who had stabbed him. The wound Is a
very dangerous one, and evidently was in
flicted with a large pocket knife. The
man is in the hospital and hl3 recovery
is doubtful.
Funeral of Dr. Oliver H. Simons.
S4NTA CRUZ. Aug. 2t— The funeral of
Dr. Olivier H. Simons, proprietor of
Magnetic Springs, took place this after
noon from Calvary Episcopal Church and
was largely attended. Dr. Simons was a
veteran of the Civil "War and waa In the
consular Service from 1SSD to 1SS4.
The more a woman dresses up thinnaaa
the more it semes to show.
EASTERN MARKETS.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 65c©
$1 10 per ctl In sacks and $1@1 25 in boxes"
Salinas Burbankn. $1 50<j?l 75 per ctl; Early
Rose, SOcflSl',' Garnet Chiles. $1@1 15; Sweet
Potatoes. 2',iW3c per lb.
ONIONS — G5<S03c per ctl.
. VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@$l 50 pe r
tack: crates from Alameda, Hstl 75; from
Berkeley. 75c®$l 25; Green Peas, 3f?-4 C per i b;
Strlntr Beansr. l®2c per lb; Wax, l<j?2c:
Lima Beans. LUQ20 per lb: Tomatoes. 50c@$i
per box for river and $lnl 25 for bay
Summer Squash. * ?»0@40c per box; Cab
bage. 75c0$l per ctl; Carrots. 75e©$l pcr
eack; Cucumbers. 30@50c per box; Pickle Cu
cumbers, $1 25©t 05 per box for No. 1 and 75c
<&J1 for others: Garlic. 203c per lb; Green Pep
pers. 25«40c per box or sack: Green Okra, 25^
40c per box; EgK Plant. 40@60o per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $20 per ton. j.
Thf-. vegetable market was' liberally supplied
and qr.Iet. There was a sharp drop In prices
of Tomatoes under Increased receipts. The top
rate for the river article was obtained only at
the stores, 75c being the highest price obtained
on the wharf. Green Corn continued to sell at
a wide range of prices as to quality. The re
ceipts were heavy and Included much poor anrl
wormy stock, some of which sold below tho
quotations. Lima BeanR arrived freely, and,
as the demand waa light, prices ranged lower.
String and Wax Beans continued very dull at
unchanged prWs. Other vegetables were In
ample supply and there were no noticeable
changes In quotations.
There were heavy receipts of Potatoes and
the market had an easier tcne, local trade be
ing quiet and the shipping demand light. With
the exception, of strictly fancy lots In boxes,
very little mock from the river sold over 1
cent per pound.' Four cars of Salinas Bur
banks came in and moved slowly at unchanged
rates. Sweet Potatoes were easier under In
creased receipt*. The top rate was obtained
only fcr fancy offerings from Stcckton. Onfons
were plentiful and weak. Occasional sales
were reported at 70c per cental, but the gen
eral run of offerings were welt covered by the
quotations.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SHEEP— Receipts. 35,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $3@3 60; fair
to choice mixed, $2 25*83; Western sheep, $2 M)
©3 60; native lambs, $3 25@5 60; Western
lambs, $465 20.
CHICAGO, Aug. 24 CATTLE — Receipts,
22. COO; Westerns, 10@20c higher. Good to
prime steers, $5 25@5 &O; poor tf> medium, $1®
o 75; Etodters and feeders, $2 5O5H 30; cows,
$1 50@4 00; heifers, $2&4 85; canners. $1 J»o<#
3 60; bulls, $2@4 20; calves. $3®6 76; Texas
fed steers. $3Q4 50; Western steers, $3@4" 40.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 20.000; to-morrow,
30,000. Mixer and butchers. $5 25<@5 05; good
to choice heavy, $5 4M5 73; rough heavy, $5®
5 33; light. $5 G0@6 20; bulk of sales. $S 3uyi
5 70.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,. Aug. 24.—
The university management has deemed
it wise to avoid all possibility of tho
heavy weights - attached to the large
clocks in the Memorial Church tower
crashing through the dome in event of
their becoming disengaged from the
clocks. Hence carpenters have been at
work for several days strengthening tho
clock tower and providing safeguards
against any accident that might occur.
Should the weights become detachsj* >vnd
crash through the glass dome they *rould
have a fall of considerably more than 10")
feet before reaching the floor in the apse,
of the church.
Strengthening Church Tower.
Opening 22 45 2155
Closing 22 55 21 60
Flour —
Opening 30 95 28 C5
Closing.. 3115 2S 76
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 5% 6 5H 6 B
Closing « «H 6 6 6 CH
PARIS.
Wheat— ¦ Aug. Nov.-Feb.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Previous prices rule for Beans, with a quiet
market.
KhAN'P — Bayop. «3: Poa. M 23; H»tn>rs.
$3 23; small White. ?2 7^3 05; large White
tZ 75@2 S5: Pink. S2 73Q2 00; Red. $2 1)0^3;
Lima, *3 2f>i&3 40; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 65JT2 S5 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 40®l &0.
Slij^JJfa — Brown Mustard, nominal;- Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70&1 NO; Canary,
5©5Hc for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%02%c; Timothy. «580%e. Hemp. »U#3Uc
per lb; Millet. 3<ar3%c; Broom Corn Seed, J^wtf
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 8002 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
There were liberal receipts of Feeiistuffs from
the north, as will be seen elsewhere, but th*
market continued steady. There was no change
in Hay. In spite of receipts of 1383 tons,
though the lower grades were quoted weak.
BRAN— ?2l BOfittS 50 i>er ton.
MIDDLINGS— *274f3O :>er ton.
SHORTS— $24023 per ton.
FEEDSTXTFFS — Rolled Barley. .«23 .V)if?24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meel at the mill, $2rtai'rt 50;
jobbing, *27«27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21(Ji22:
Corn Meal, $33 HwUSi BO; Cracked Corn, $34<?J
35: Mixed Feed, $231<24; Horse Beans, $2^@3o
f'Cr ton.
HAY— Wheat. $12014 .10. with sales of extra
choice at $l. r >; Wheat and Oat. $110:13 50: Oat,
$10@13; Wild Oat. $I» 50©ll 50; Barley, $9{?11;
Clovpr. $8 50611: Stock. $S#0; Alfalfa, $S®
10 50 per ten. >.
STRAW — 40@<55c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
¦ The New Ycrk Journal of Commerce gives
I tho followinK Hop crop estimates: "Crop pros
pects In Oregon were reported as showing some
! Improvement, «nd current estimates of that
State rans« from 75.OCO to XO.000 bales. Tbe
crop in California Is placed at 50,000 bales and
In Washington at 85,000 bales, making a total
I of 160, COO to 163.00H bales, or an Increase of
1 5000 to 10,000 bales from the estimates current
• about ten days aso. Crop prospects up the
'¦ State also are rei<orteU as having Improved and
! estimates have been increased about 5000 bales,
! the yield of New York State now being placed
I by conservative Interests at 5T>,000 to CO.000
I bales thus" foreshadowing a yield for the United
State's of 215.000 to 225,000 bales. Reports from
Germany and Bohemia continued to report im
proved crop prospects, but lt la generally con
ceded that the continental crop will be short
' of last season. No chances were reported rel
; atlve to the English crop."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
i about lVic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 10c: medium. t»c; light. 8c: Cow
! Hides 8c fcr heavy and Sc for light;
: Stag* Cc: Salted Kip. ne: Salted Veal, U%c;
; Falte<J Calf. 10c; dry Hides, lfic; dry Kip. 13c:
'dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins. , shearlings. 25@30c
: fach' short wool. 40W5Oc each; medium. 70f/
' OCc- long wool. $101 B0 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2 25@2 CO for medium. $2
i for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hldps, dry.
$1 7ft for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
• Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 2tJc; dry
Central American, 32»4c. Goat Skins— Prime
! Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, COc; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
1 TALLOW— No. l k rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
•No -2, 13 »%c; grease, 2',4«?3c.
' WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lsmbs'. $><&
I 12c; Foothill. 10«J 12c; Middle County, Il@i3c.
I Quotat'ons for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. lS©20c; Nevuda. 13@15c;
Valley Oregon. Sne. 18I|19c; do. medium. 170
18c- do. coarse. 16($M7c per lb.
HOPS— 1903. 19020c: 1002, 17Hc per lb.
Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The market shows no change one way or the
other. The demand for everything U fair.
The Chlcikto letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
said: "Market quiet and without much change.
Receipts of hogs more liberal, but prices at tho
yards were firm. Trade is almost wholly local
and on a very moderate scale. There does not
seem to be much more activity in the ! cash
situation than there Is In the speculative. We
see nothing yet on which to advise purchases
of provisions."
LlHtu nlKATS— Isacon. 121JC per lb fur
h«»avy 13c for lleht medium. 15c for light.
15V$c for extra lieht. 17&c for suzar-cured and
18V4c for extra smear-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15-ric; California Hams. lSiic;
Hers Beef. $11 .'•0«fl2 per bbl; extra Mess. flS
©12 GO; Family. $1:5 00; prime Mesn Pork. $13;
extra oltar. $25: ¦ Mes*. 51:0: Dry Salted Pork.
12Hc; Pic Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Bi-ef. K>c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10@10Vic for pure; half barrel*,
pure. luHeWic: 10-ib tins. 10»i©Uc; 5-lb
tins liHc :Mb tins. lH4c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. O^c: thrt?«
half barrels. ©Vic; one tierce. »%c; two tierces,
9»4c; five tierces, 9Hc per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60-®
4 S5, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |l 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 0034 20 per bbi
for family and S3 90 l g4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices :n packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 00 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, |7-
Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $1 J5; Oat
GroatB, $4 50; Hominy, $t 25??+ 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50^4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.'{ 75; Fa
rina. *4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $TS8 00; In sack3, $6 50@8 10-
Pearl Barley. $tf; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Oreen
Peas. $5 50 i>er 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
"The difficulty In last year's manage
ment was not one innate In the system—
the Inn can be run successfully on a co
operative basis. The trouble came when
the students who comprised the club met
and voted to reduce the price of board.
The price was set at a figure below cost.
Mr. Strowbridge will not be the receiver,
as stated in the Friday papers, but will
act in the capacity of steward, the posi
tion which he held last year."
The new order requiring monthly finan
cial reports from the different student or
ganizations will affect a large number of
them, including not only the Inn Club,
but also the Associated Students, class
organizations, literary organizations and
others which may incur debts and dis
burse funds.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 24-—
Hereafter all general student organiza
tions that have funds to be disbursed and
debts Incurred will be required to give
monthly reports to the faculty commit
tee on student affairs. This radical in
novation in the oversight of the affairs
of the students has been deemed neces
sary partly because of the failure of the
Stanford Inn Club to manage successfully
the running of the Stanford Inn last year.
President David Starr Jordan, when
seen to-day, said: "Every student organi
zation — open to the general admission of
students— having the disbursement of
funds, must make a monthly report to
the committee on student affanrs."
This step has been taken in order to In
sure proper management of such organi
zations and protect their creditors. In
speaking of the situation at the Stanford
Inn. which has been placed In the hands
of receivers. Dr. Jordan said: "Our action
has been taken in order to protect tho
creditors of the Inn Club. I expect that
eventually the management of the inn
will be turned over to the students again.
This change from the receivership will be
effected whenever the creditors of the Inn
Club feel satisfied that the students can
meet their obligations. The reason that
the students ran so largely in debt last
year was that they were furnishing board
at a figure below cost. This mistake will
be obviated hereafter by the requirement
of a monthly financial report to be pre
sented to the faculty committee on stu
dents' affairs.
University Organizations Handling
Funds Must Make Monthly Be
ports to Faculty Committee.
AFFAIRS OF STUDENTS
TO BE CLOSELY WATCHED
CHICAGO. Aug. 24. — Wet weather and
firmer cables were the early influences in the
wheat pit. There was an urgent demand at
the opening, which forced prices up from th«
initial figures and they showed a gain of %@
4c to ug%c for September at sOViQSO^c,
and %@4c higher for December at Sl%@
81 4e. The advance was checked by selling,
due to increased receipts at Minneapolis, and
the market broke from 80 Ue for the former
and bl%c for the latter to i'J%c and 61c. The
offerings were well taken, and when the sell
ing ceased, strength again developed, and the
close was firm near the high point, September
being up He at 80%!g804c, and December 4
6S«* higher at 81@81%c. I \ •
The weather was also the Influence in the
corn market, but being extremely favorable to
a large crop, big lines came out and caused
considerable weakness early in the session.
Scalpers bought freely and as the offerings
became high a scattered demand developed and
firmness ensued and much of the' early less was
reached. The close showed September Y^c
lower at 51V»c. December closed 4c lower at
51J-4C.
Heavy selling of oats by local long!* caused
weakness early, but commission houses and
small local traders checked the decline. Sep
tember closed a shade higher at 34^c.
A strong hog market at the yards gave a
firm tone to provisions. Packers sold moder
ately on a small advance, while outside -traders
favored the. long side-. September pork closed
unchanged. . lard 24° lower, while ribs were
t_-j> 5c.
The leading futures ranged as fellows:
Articles. Open. High. 'Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
September, old.. S04 804 SO 4 S0»i
September, new. 804 fi0>, 70% *04
December, new. 814 *1% 81' M*,,'
May S3** 83ft 834 M*
Corn. No. 2 —
September 514 M4 61. 51 U
December 014 M^i 61 6II4,
May 52V* ."2 l ,i 51%
Oats, No. 2—
September 344 34?* :n% 34S,
December Sti^ 3HU X6 3«Vi
May 3S4 384 37»i 37%
Mesg pork, per bbl —
September IV 81% 12 00 12 874 12 S74
May 13 024 13 05 13 (fJ4 13 02>,
October 12 974 13 024 12 974 13 O2'-J
Lard P«r 100 lb* —
September S 324 8 374 "20 8 22^
October 7 70 7 70 7 «5 7 G74
Short ribs, per 100 !bs —
September 7 824 T 85 7 M 7 824
October 7 DO 7 924 '7 85 7 92',-j
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 80@s'ic: No. 2 red.
80©81-%c; No. 2 corn, 51c; No. 2 yellow, 52c:
No. 2 oats. 324c; No. 2 white, :-2c; No. 3
white, 3.J@S5c; No. 2 rye, 51»i@MVic; good
feeding barley, 49c; fair to choice malting,
51@5Cc; No. 1 llaxseed, 974c; No. 1 North
western, $1 014; prime timothy teed, $3 15;
mess pork per bbl. $12 S5tf?12 874: lard, per
100 lbs. $S 10<§S 124; short ribs sides (loose),
*7 374S?7 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
707Vic; short clear sides (boxed>, "i%<37%c;
clover, contract grade. $11, nominal.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 17.023 23,092
Wheat, bu 79,325 67,950
Corn, bu 245,400 5.U.247
Oats, bu 249,900 400,707
Rye, bu 8.«00
Barley, bu 23,100 4.C35
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@19c;
dairy, 13@17c. Eggs firm; at mark, 14^1 tic.
Cheese, lower; 74@llc.
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
ei20th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCIPCO. Aug. 24—5 p. m.
~ 2 2 C co t
1 ti n h ¦ fl l
STATIONS. I IS-flfi I 5 I
: a c \ : §
: • • f I
Baker 23.6*5 7(5 4* PW Pt.CMy .00
•"ars-oa 29. f>"* 78 4"? PW C5<>s,r •<*>
Kureka 'JSt.i-2 «<) J»rt NW Cloudy .<O
Frtsno 29. £2 '.«* 00 NW Clear .<*)
Flfucstaff 29.t*> Si) 4S W rt.Cldy .0"
Independence .29.«0 86 «4 FE near s.08
Lo* Ang*lPf...2».7<5 76 04 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpa!s.23.7S 78 02 W Clear .00
North Head 50 00
rti^nii 23.J>4 1<H no NW Clear .00
PcK-atello 2«.6rt M> 4f> ' N"W Clear .00
Tortland 29. 7« flS P2 KW Cloudy Tr.
Point Reyeg... 2». 72 5S T.rt NW Clear .00
Red Bluff ¦Sd.CO 92 CO SE Clear .00
Roseburr 2».*O 72 4*5 N Cloudy .<¦»>
Sacramento ..2J».»>6 *t> «K> S Clear .00
Salt LaJce 29. «U S4 fW NW Clear .00
Fan Francisco. 29. HO 82 S4 W Pt.Cldy .00
6sn L. Obi?po.29.«2 ~2 P2 W Clear .00
Kan Diego 2».7S 7t» «4 NW Clear .«0
Seattle 2a. 7« <>S 54 FE Pt.cidy .00
Spokane 29.72 72 5<> NE Cloudy .46
Tatnofh 29.7»i ?« .12 SW Rain .02
WsJta Walla.. 29. «U SO f-4 NW Pt.Cldy .00
V.'mnemucca .2».fi4 S2 4« PW Clear .00
Vurr.a 2J»..%4 102 76 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly en the coast of
California between Cape Mendorino and Point
conception. It has fallen steadily from Cspe
Blanco northward an-1 also through the valley
of the Columbia. Rain is falling from Port
land nerthwanl and conditions ar* favorable
for fhowers Tuesday along the northern coast
•-<f '".ilifornia.
¦ % Except at San Francisco ana Roseburg. where
;.ther* has been a fall of rtx degrees, the tem
perature remains nearly Fiatlonary.
High winds are reported at Winnemucca and
llc<lena.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight. August 25: -.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Tuesday : probably showers along the north
em coast; cooler in the interior; fresh southerly
wtr.de; brisk westerly winds on the coast, with
for.
Southern California — C.oudy Tuesday; fresh
southeast winds.
Nevada — Cloudy; cooler Tuesday; brisk to
hirh touihwest winds.
San Franc!?'*'! and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Tuesday; light southerly winds
<rhansrlr4? to brisk southwest, with fcg In the
morr.lng. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Fruit end Wheat Bulletin.
Por the twer.tj-four hours ending 5 p. m..
l»Cth meridian titre. San Francisco. August 24.
STATIONS. |I |3 =-. |v V g*
¦ * ** * * •
Colcxa PI M .. Clear .... T.
Eur-ka ?» .V; .. Cloudy NW Lt
Fresno J^ C't .. Clear NW 8
Ilaiiford V7 SB .. Cltar ....
Holli*ter 70 4» .. Clear W
Indej.endenoe .1«6 d .. «lear PE 10
Kirjr City 8-{ M .. Clear N Fr.
Llv"rmore K3 4« .. Clear
!a» Angeles ... 76 «4 <. Clear SW 8
Napa 7« W) .. Clear S .'.
Newman 100 W .. Clear
1'nlf-rnKj »2 BO .. Pt.Cldy S
Portervllle .... 97 T>" S Clear W
ff>d Bluff S2 00 .. Clear SE Lt.
Riverside M TA .. Oar
Sacramento . . . HA *V* .. Clear S 12
Kan Diego 70 ti . . Clear NW <5
San Francisco . •» r>4 .. I't.Cldy W 28
f L. Oblspa . . 72 r>2 . . <""if«r \V
Hants. Maria... «« T.4 .. clear W
Sant* Roea ... « 4»! .. clear
Stockton *% n ¦¦ Oear
Willow* »0 M .. Clear S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Colusa — Almonds being j»»ckrd; crop fair;
pr*rs nearly all gathered.
Har.ford — Crops in flrst-class condition;
pr»prs full crop.
Holllster — Barley crop above tise estimate,
but <jua.llty only medium.
King City— Light morning fog.
Willows — Weather conditions etlll favorable
Icr all orops.
Uvermore — Grapes doing «-ell.
Palermo^ — Figs are ripening and are being
harvested.
Napa — Grapes doing well, promise good
yield.
Hanta Maria — Damp foggy morringr. Grain
threshing not finished till next month; same
heavy yield continue*.
Stockton — Mid-summrr varieties entirely fin
ished. A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
ainorn
Gears' .
•i •*
The only fluctuation worthy of note yes
terday wns a further decline in Home Oil.
which sold at $1 30 In the morning and down
to $1 15 In the afternoon. Business on the
Stock and Bond Exchange was practically nil.
only three stocks selling during the whole day.
The- El Dorado Lumber Company has levied
an assessment of $10 per share, delinquent
September 15.
An assessment of $5 per share, amounting to
WCO.CCO. was delinquent yesterday on the cap
ital stock of the North Shore Ratlrcad Com
pany.
Central Point Consolidated OU Ccmr>any Is
reported to have paid a dividend on the 2Cth
of August of lc per share, amounting to $1900.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Aug. 24—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... — 110 4s qr c (new)134 135
4s qr reg.... — 110 3s qr coup... — 107
MISCELLANEOUS BOND8.
Ala A W 5s. — — OTCftSi...- —
Bay CPC 6s.lC5V41Ort Do 5s — —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 Do con 6s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s — 82
•tna ct 5s.. — — Om C R 6s. — 128
Cal-st C 5s.. — — Pac O Im 4s — 99
C C Wat 5s. — 103 P E Ry 5S.106U107&
Ed L & P Cs. — — P & C H 6s. — —
F & C H 68. — — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C & S 5s% — — |S E G&R 5s. — 104
H C & S 5s.. 974100 SF & SJVSs. — 120
Hon R T 6s. — 1074 ! S R of C 6s. Ill —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 114 — <H>00) 107f410SU
L & L C 6s. — — " (1910) 108$4 —
Do gtd Cs. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1905)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C «s. — — (1D0R) — —
Do lem Bs. 1174 — (1912) — —
NRC(of C)«s.l0«% — S P C leg 5s — —
NRC(of C)5s. — 119UI Do stmpd.1074 —
NPC R R 5s.lO8 10*4 S P B R 6s. — —
N C P C 5s.. — — S V Wat 6s.. 103 —
N C R Bs — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N S R 5s 05 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99!s —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E 6s — —
O W C g 5s. . — — U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 1 Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — — I Spring Val.. 85 854
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP..— 5 HacEOtR- -
Equtt Gas .. — — SFO&E. 65 67
Mutual E L. 12*4 134 8 F Gas ... — —
Pac O Imp.. 504 614 Stkn G & E. — —
Pac L Co.., 554 — U G & E — ,—
TRL STEES C£RTIFICAT£S.
pi vt/ STOCKS
Am Natl Bk. — — L P & A .. — '— ¦"'
Anglo-Cal... — — Mer Trust ..210 25O
Bank of Cal. — — MerchEx .. — —
CSD&T. — — SF Nation!. — —
SAVlMfS 1IA.\A».
Ger S & L. . — — Sav & L So. 95 105
Hum S &.L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T. Co. — —
S F Sav U. — —
STREET RAILROADS. v.>-
Catirornla .. — . — [Presidio .... — —
POWDER.
Giant C7V4 HSVi/VIgorit — 64
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — — Kilaufca S C. — ' 7 .
Hawaiian C. 43% — Makawetl C. 22 23
Honokaa S C VZ% 134 Onomea S C. — —
Hutch S P C 1:14 14 Paauhau 3 C 144 154
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l4G ISO Oceanic 8 Co 7 IV.
Cal Fruit As 90 V4 — Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As 96 Vj — Pac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
Board
10 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
Street —
15 Hutchinson S P Co 13 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3o California Wine Association 98 50
Street —
15 California Fruit Canners 90 Ou
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stocks— . Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 75 t<0
Four OU 70
Hanford Oil 130 00
Home Oil
Imperial OU 19 00
Independence Oil 17 13
Junction Oil 2tl 21
Kern OU 5 00 5 50
Lion Oil 03
Monte Crlsto Oil 65 69
Monarch Oil 5a 57
Oil City Petroleum 30
Peerless Oil 13 50 14 0O
Keed Crude OU 41 45
San Joaquin Oil 5 50 .....
Sterling Oil 2 90 3 ««0
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 50 4 25
Unlcn Oil 68 00
United Petroleum 118 00
West Shore OH 3 00 . 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Impt 1 23 1 50
Atameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 90 00 93 00
American District Tel
! Bay Counties Power
¦ Cal Central Oas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins. and Trust. .. .130 00 140 00.'
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00 '
Chutes Company '. 850
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite
; Ewa Sugar Plantation
Equitable (Pool) Gas
: Gas Consumers' Association. .... 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 18 00
London »nd S F Bank (Ltd.).' ....
Mercantile Trust '
Northern Cal Power 0 £0
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 5 00 8 00
Orpheum Company .? ; 15 00
Pacific States Tel and.^el 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00
Postal Device and Impt
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 GO
Sausalltt Land and Ferry... 1« 00 1
i Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 1$ 00
Truckee Electric 1.1 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 50 ......
United Gn« and Electric 34 50 ,
Western Fish Co -|f Jr>* • • • *JB
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Oil City Petroleum 29
150 Home OH 1 30
190 Claremont OU 24
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Claremont Oil 25
400 Home Oil 113
1«.V> Oil City Petroleum 29
600 Reed Crude Oil 42 •
200 Monarch Oil 53
Street—
100 Home Oil 1 25
Mining Stocks.
¦ SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Time loans and mercantile paper continue to
rrfl+rt a firm tone In the interest rate and
cre*t circumspection is u*ed i a the matter of
<*ol!ateral on a.11 loans. There is considerable
Jemand from the mercantile community »nd
rbr.'x rr attribute last week's loan expansion
ry tbe banki largely to this eauce. It is said
4.tc corn &ad cotton crops may delay vonae-
commitment*. It is believed tHe outcome of
the corn ctod will b* awaited before the mar
ket esters smother distinct change. Sentiment
in Wall street also continues doubtful as to
*"h»ther Oie industrial and rflercantlle etruc
ture at larfft wi'.l be chared a process of con
traction similar to that which has been colng
en In Wall «trret. Money on call continues
<-h*a.p and abundant, but the bankers are keep
ir.K u in f hape fo as to be readily available.
Ke»!ty preferred made a drop of 2'4 X>olnts.
but afterward rallied and steadied. There
wti en evidence of KUjiport by market le-ad
er« fcr various leading stocks, which eerved
t» rea*«ure sent^apr.t. It Is the general con
viction tha.t tKe process of closing out the
Jtrger class of speculative accounts which are
*S".e irrowtta of a rrolonged price movement In
«ith»>r direction hs« been about completed and
the market left to rnert to-the rmaller class
ot ri#culators. who confine their op«ratlons to
Ox board room *n efforts to scalp a daily profit
Ot a friction. L*ft week's lessening fluctua
tions and to-day's semi -stagnation are the
Proof of the closing up of larger speculative
at the necee«lty for the raising of additional
. .¦; 1 overhangs this stock a.nd causes the dc
rcselon mt Intervals.
h^avy throughout, but hardened slightly at U e
:*«t on covering by the room shorts. gome
Inclination to «eil was carried over from Sat
i;r-J*y en account of the b&nk statement and the
f.'.lr.K of * petition In banknrptcy by a Stock
Exchange member, although it was subse-
V-'ritiy withdrawn, had a slightly depressing
Uif-uenc*. The depression In New York Cen
tral was not explained by fpedfic development.
N"EW TORK. Aug. 24.— To-day's dull and
tiacrlsh market accorded «cith expectations.
The volume of transactions fell to about a quar.
fr of a million chares and this small business
>• • - ".-. a rapidly diminishing scale during the
latter part of the day. In the last hour of the
market thT« were long intervals when no quo
tation was recorded. The tone was rather
New York Stock Market
what the full Interior requirements for cur
rency, but this demand is now dally awaited.
Sterling exchange was strong again to-da.y and j
gold was advanced In London. Rains In the |
spring wheat belt and talk of large export en- ,
gagements gave a firm tone to that cereal, |
while corn was easier on good weather. Sta- i
tlstlcs of railway traffic show that the grain
movement continue* Fms.ll. but railway offi
cials assert that the movement of general com
modities 1» keeping th « traffic at a high level.
The bond market was dull and heavy. Total ;
sales <p*r value), $1,145,000,
' rnit^d States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
,' I Stocks — Sales, inrh. Lew. Close.
AtoMwn 30.900 «l% CO>4 «0%
Atchison rid 100 8SW SSM, 88^
, Bait * Ohio MOO S2>* Hl% 81%
> Bait & Ohio pfd S«^
i fanadUn Pacific... 5.700 1257* 121%! 125%
» I Central of N J 159
. Chesap & Ohio ... 400 32ft 32% 32'i
> rhl & Alton 21 Vi
> Ohl & Altcm rfd 62
Ch! & G Weftern.. 400 16^ 16*4 1«%
> Chi & O W B oM. 29
> »Thl & Northwestrn. 200 163 1(3 162^
» Tfci Term & Trns.. 300 10li 10 9<fc
• Chi Term & T pfd 194
I C C C & St Louis.. 3<X> 71*t 73H 73
) Colo Southern 700 14V« U*4 14V4
> Colo South 1st pfd. ' 61
> Colo South ?d rfd. 100 21 *i 21*4 21%
» Del & Hudson 100 165 165 1«5
> Del Lack * West.. 235
t Denver & Rio G... l"0 2.1*4 '¦%% 23%
> Denver & R G pfd. 203 56 60 56^
t Erie 20.f00 29^ 28H 25»*«,
> Erie 1st pfd 1.000 C«*i 06 »«4
• Erie 2d pfd «•
' Great Northern pfd 165
. Hocking Valley ... C9
c Hocking Val pfd... SO
'- Illinois Central ... 300 132»4 l-Wi 1*2*4
'¦' Iowa Central 20»«
f Iowa Central pfd.. 200 3S 38 3'%
. K C Southern 22
. K C Southern pfd ' 38 »£
" LouN & Na*h sr.0 1O4 HUH 103',*
1 Manhattan L 3<X> 1334 IU 133>>
Metropolitan St Ry 3.000 113 111% 111?*
• Missouri Pacific ... 21,f«*> vr. !H% 92S
- Mo Kan & Texas.. 400 19tj id 1»
Mo Kan & Tex pfa. .200 42 41% 41%
1 Ntl R R of MM... 400 40 40
Xtl R R of M pfd. 13.100 I2l»; 120% ....
r N Y Central 200 624 «2
Ontario & Western 100 23>4 22*i ....
- Pennsylvania 8.900 123% 121'^j
- Pitts C C & Et L. 100 «2H C-S «2S
' Reading 14.700 54\ 54t» 544
i Reading 1st pfd "SVfc
Reading 2d rfd «5S
i Rock Island Co . . . 14.2«*> 27V, 2C4 2«;^
Rock Island Co prd COO «4 4 CC4 C3
i St L & S F 2d pfd. 4OT 50^a 49% 49^
St Louis S W 300 16 1.1*1 IS ,
£L Louis S W prd. 300- 33>4 . i3V»- 3:J
ft Paul 133-4
St Paul pfd 173
Southern Pacific .. 7.*rtO 4454 44 44%
Southern Railway.. 1.700 22H 21 *4 L*2Vt
Southern Ry pid... 100 83», 8-<4 84^j
Texas & Pacific... 1.S00 264 25^j 254
Tol St I> & Wept 2i»
Tol St L A W pfd 29
. Union Pacific pfd. 21.700 74 T i 74 74%
. Union Pacific pfd 8&*^
Wabash 2O0 2U4 2U4 21 >4
¦ Wabash pfd 400 34»i 54% 34»4
• W & L Erie 16
Wiseon Central-.. 200 19 Is4 18*4
Wis Cent pfd 100 39 39 3,s4
Express Companies —
Adams ....* 222
American .' .... 1N»
United State* 105
Wells-Fargo 1'OW
Miscellaneous —
• Amalgamat i/opprr. S2.H0K 47% 4fi4 47
. Am Car & FcSry... 2,100 32 314 31%
. Am C * F pfd S2
! Am Linseed Oil 34
Am Lin oil !.fd 29
Am l»comoUve 700 10-v 4 19 lj,4
• Am lA»coinot pfd ~~M'-i
. Am Smelt & Ref.. 4(«) 44 1 , 4i\$ 44%
Am S tc R pfd 1.300 ••<>% »0 8»;i
t Am Sugar R<?f 2,!<l») ll^j 1144 115
Anaconda Mln-Co. :t<>> 754 "2 74»i
B/ooklyn Rap Trn. 7.200 44 43*4 44 '
COlo i-uel & Iron 4»
<: Ac H Coat 14
. Consolidated Gas.. 20W 17S 178 17»J
General Electric 1C1
• Internatni Paper.... 2<J0 124 12>4 124
t Internl Pa;>er pfd M
I Internl Pump 35
Internl Pump pfd 72
National Biscuit 37V,
Natif-r.al Lend 14
North American... 600 744 74 -75
Pacific Mall 20»i
People's Gas V-i
Pivw<i Steel Car. ,100 424 424 4lv4
; Prsd Steel Car pfd. 80
Pullman Pal C»r ' 214
; Republic Steel 11
Republic Steel pfd. 0»«0 «5*4 • 03 «5V4
, Rubt^r Good* .. l.:«X> 14^, 14 Vi 14
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 70 70 07 Va
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,100 42 40 40
» V S Leather 700 &4 8 7-1,
U S Leather pfd... 100 S»4 804 feOH
U S Rubber SOO 13 124 12*4
r IT S Hubber pfd 404
IT S Steel 14.«no 22*, 21*4 224
1 O S Pteel pfd 7^>00 70*4 69% 70
Western Union 8394
1
• Total sales 2*9.700 chares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF FAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions, 3000 at
• $77 75; 20.000 Et $78.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg. ..10U4 Do 1*^ lnc Wij
' Do coupon 1W>Vj Minn &¦ St L 4s.. 97 ; > 4
IK) 3s. re* HX54 M. K & T 4s SUHi
Do coupon 10C4! Do 2ds 77
00 new 4s, reg.i:u IN Y Ct:n «ren 34» 95'4
Do coupon tS4 \S J Cen gen 5s..l27»i
I Do old 4s, reg..lo*J 'Northern Pac 4S..1W4
I>o cou;.on 10!» I Do 3s 4..... 70^
Do &s. reg 101 "jN & W con 4s... »«s t
Do coupon l&I 4 Heading gen 4s. . 944.
' Atchlson gen 4«.. St9U StL & I M con 5s. Ill
s Do adj 4b Sa\ St L & 8 F 4s... »2
. Batt & Ohio 4s... 8»4 St L & SW lsts.. »3
Do 34s 81% Do 2ds 72
Do conv 4s 97 S A & A P 4s... 75
: Canada South 2ds. 106 Southern Pac 4s.. 8G
J Central of Ga 5s.. 104 Southern Ry 5s. .113
Do 1st inc 75 Texas & Pac lsts. 114
" Ches & Ohio 44B.I024 T. St I, & XV 4s.. 72
; Chi &. Alton 34«. 73 Union Pacific 4s.. W>%
1 C, B i Q new 4s. rfl Do conv 4s.... JM'i
' C M&StP gen 4«.103 Wabash lsts 114
• C & N W con 7s. 12'J Do 2ds 104
• C. R I & P 4s.... 100 Do Deb B 5814
; CCC& StL gen 4s. 954 West Shore 4s... If*
1 Chicago Term 4s. 74 Wheel & L E 4s. 90
" Colo & South 4e.. 83 % Wisconsin Cen 4s. 89%
Den £l Rio G ¦«».. W^.Con Tob 4s 5«4
• Erie prior lien 4s. ftl^t.Colo Fuel con 5s. 794
! Do gen 4s t>2V*'Rock Island 74
' Ft W & D C lsts. 103 (Penna con 34s.. !»3',i
1 Hocking Val 44s. 104 ill s Steel 784
• L& N unl-4s »S*4'Man con gold 4s.lui%
> Mexican Cen 4s.. 72 I
; BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money — [Adventure 6
1 Call loans 4g54iAIioue« 314
> Time loans 6#8 j Amalgamated .... 46^
: Bonds — iDaly West .40
Gas lsts 97%.Blngham 24>/i
; Railroads— . (Calumet & Hecla.450
1 Atchlson «>1 Ontennlat IU
! Atcbison pfd SN&jCopper Range:... CO
¦ Boston & Albany. 24!> : Dominion Coal... 7»«Z
MoMon Elevated, .13« 4 Franklin s
i N Y. N H *. H...195 IaleRoyale 7
Union Pacific 74*i Mohawk 41
Mexican Central.. 14*8 Old Dominion,... «^
Miscellaneous — Oseeola 57
: American Sugar.. 115 Parrot 132
Ajn fiugar'pfd 118 Quincy 90
Am Tel Sc Tel 134 Santa Fe Copper.. 1%
1 Dom Iron & Steel 9 Tamarack OR
General Electric. 1«1 Trimountain . ...ISOVi
Mass Electric... 22 Trinity «
Mass Elec pfd.... 79 United State* 194
U S Bteel 224 Utah .1 27
U 8 Steel pfd.... 70 Victoria Z%
WesUnghs Com... 83 Winona 84
«Hflwi»iff — Wolverine 68
STOCK MARKET.
HOPS — Firm; Pacific Coast. common to
choice 1902 crop, 21925c ; 1901 crop, 14© 17c;
olds, 6311c.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet; futures closed at un
changed prices to a shade lower; tctal sales.
4S.250 bags, including September. 3.80c; Oc
tober, 3.D0c; November, 3.95i34c; December,
4.40$4.45c; January. 4.50c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 26,800 bushels: exports,
48,0u0 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 84%o
elevator and t*7Hc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, 94%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba.. 93%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened stronger on bullish cables, rain In har
vest districts and Northwest buying, but
sagged off at noon under profit-taking. Later
it recovered on reports of export business and
was firm all the afternoon, led by September,
which closed %Slc net hither. May, 88©
88 5-16c. closed at SSVic; September. 85Mi@
8«Hc. closed at 88Hc; December, 8C%@«0*ic,
closed . at 86%c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
61.078 barrels; exports, 3700 barrels; active,
but firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Open. HlRh. Low. Close.
December ...»1 ll> $1 10% $1 10 $1 lO'/i
OATS — Continue steady at previous prices,
with a fair local and seed demand. •
White, $1 ittojl :;0: Hixck. *l WSt 45: Red.
$1 15<S1 22*i for common and $1 2ogl 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Conditions remain as heretofore stat
ed, the market stilt being slenderly supplied
and firm.
Western, sackeoi^l CO® 1 52^4 for Yellow
and $1 47H®1 50 tor mixed: California large
Yellow, $1 57^91 02^: small round do. $1 70
©1 75; White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 17Va@l 25 Per ctl. '*
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2o©2 50 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Oloso.
December % ...$l OOTi $110% $t 09% $1 10',i
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
Fe«d. $1 OS»ti©l 12 Vi; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 15<§1 20; Chevalier, $1 20@l 50 for fair to
choice.
CASH BARLEY
O[>e;i. Hi?n. Low. Clote.
December $1 47
BARLEY — Receipts wero large, but the mar
ket was firm, and quotations, both /for t'a.«h
feed and brewing, ajul futures, were higher.
The shippers continue active Inquirers for
brewing grades in the country, where they are
paying higher prices than rule on this market.
Open. U!«;h. Low. Close.
December ...$1 40»i $1 47 $1 4«ri fl 47
2 ii. m. Session. >
FUTURES.
Session 'J to 11:30 a. m
California Club $1 45®l 6<J; California
White Australian, $1 5551 60; Northern Club.
*1 45#1 50: Northern Blue Stem. $1 65® 1 57 H;
Oregon Valley. $1 52>^.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
higher. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian, 212,
000; Danubian 108.000; Argentine, 72,000; In
dian, 117.000. A Paris cable reported serious
damage in Franc* by rains, which caused an
advance in Paris.
The American visible supply Increased 252.000
bushels. Chicago was »;c higher and reported
the farmers disposed to hold for better prices.
Tture were 30 loads taken for export. St.
Louis reported that a marp cash demand
cleaned up all the wheat early In the day.
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain remained unchanged.*
Wires from •hlcago to Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co. said: -'It is a dull market, and this, af
ter the break of the past few days, would seem
to Indicate that pressing liquidation Is about
ever. At the close of last week the feeling
was bearish. Trade was disposed to Ignore all
other conditions and look for a rather free
movement of -wheat from the Northwest. To
day the outlook 1b considerably changed. The
Northwest has heavy rains. This Includes
Manitoba as well as the Dakotas. Engllen
country markets are quoted strong on scarcity
of offerings. A w,ell Informed authority gives
it as his cpinlon that the requirements of the
United Kingdom from the outside will thfs
year be the largest on record. It Is pretty
cenerally conceded that France will need to
rrport v'hrat. All th*.'e conditions muk« us
feet t-utllah or. wheat. We mlKht add that pri
mary receipts continue materially liolow last
year." ' . .-
Wheat and Other Grains.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, "H©3^c for Royals
ami 96*110 for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5®Cc; Peaches, 5^®7c; Pears, 5H®"c; Nec
tarlnes, 4JJ4V4C for white; Fig*, white. 4«4@
4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted. 4V,@5Vfec per lb.
¦ 1'RL'NEB — 19tC! crop, a^tiS^ic lor the four
sizes, with VaSHc premium for the large sties.
RAISINS — li'02 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 5Wb boxes, 5Vic per
lb; 3-crown. 6»4c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas. .V; Seedless
Thompsons, 5%C, 2-crcwn London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50; I
:ro»n fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12^§13c;
No. 2. lO^Qll^c; No. 1 hardshell, U%S 12c;
No 2 10@l(»V4c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10Uc for I X L, lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. »®7c
fcr Eafctern; Pecans, 11613c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
Q5. • " -V
HONEY— Comb, new, 12Vi®13Hc for whit*
and lie for amber; new water white extracted,
5%©0c; light amber extracted, 5Cf6%c; dark.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey
PEACHES— Small boxes, 40®75c; carriers,
60@75c; large open boxes. 4O#75c; per ton, $15
©25 for clingstone.
GRAPES— Small boxes. 40@«0e; crates, G0#
90c; large or>en boxes. fl@l 25.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 40-ff75e per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. lft(g:>oc per box; Watermel
ons. S'^SO per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, ?2 50@3 for
fancy Valencias, $1 75§2 25 for choice and
$1(31 25 for standard; Seedlings. $1@1 25; Lem
ons, 75c!g$2 60 per box. with some fancy high
er- Grape Fruit $1 25^2: Mexican Limes,
$4©4 60; Bananas, $1®2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $2£3 per dozen.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 60 Sc per lb.
APPLES— S5c0$l per box for fancy, BOtf
75c for good to rtiolce and 230-Iik.- lor .'omnvin;
Crabapples, 25g40c for small boxes and 60@05c
lo* lar;e.
PEARS— Barttetts. S5c®$1 2* 'or fancy and
6O0?Bti for No. 2; per ton, $20®33.
FIGS — 50@90e per. box.
PLUMS and PRUNES— 35^.100 per crate and
25®30c per box; large open boxes, 35&-50c; per
ton, ?20®25.
NECTARINES — 75ffS5c per crate.
The fruit market had a healthier tone than
On Saturday, as stocks of poor fruit were con
siderably reduced and buying for shipping and
canning account was active. Choice wrapped
Peaches in small packages were wanted for
shipment and met with ready sale, while of
ferings in bulk moved off well under a good
demand from canners. Fine Grap«s, wrapped
Bartlett Pears and fancy Plums were also in
demand for shipping and brought good prices,
but common and inferior stock continued to
sell at easy rates. Apples were abundant and
easy, there being v«ry little Inquiry for ship
ping. The canners were still In the market for
Pears, and choice lots were quickly disposed of
at previous prices. Canning Plums wero
scarce, with prices largely nominal. Pome
granates were offering at 7553?5c per box with
few takers, and Quinces in small boxes sold
slowly at 75c per box. Supplies of Cantaloupes
and Nutmeg Melons were excessive and there
was a sharp drop In prices. A large portion of
the receipts of Cantaloupes were overripe and
several sales were reported below the quota
tions. . Watermelons were In ample supply and
moved freely at firmer rates. Receipts of Ber
ries were light and only strictly choice ofter-
Idkb showed any firmness. Prices of Citrus
and Tropical fruits were unchanged. Lemons
and Limes were, quoted steaay, owing to the
warm weather and a limited Inquiry for ship
ping. Oranges were In ample supply and dull.
Stocks of rlr>e Bananas were still light. Two
cars of the Central American article were rf 1 
ported close at hand anj will probably be mar
keted to-day.
HTUAU tthr.RIES — Longworths. nominal;
other varieties $3 60C6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7@10 per chest, with some
fancy at $11012.
BLACKBERRIES— ?3«4 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Sterling Exchange advanced.
Sterling Exchange, sixty Jays.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 66%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S7%
New York Exchange, sight — 7^i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bld.A'k.
Colehan — — Rescue 00 io
Esperanza ... 03 04 Ton Belmont.1 80 1 9<>
EulaCon..... — — Ton «* Cal ..30 —
Gipsy Queen.. — 27 Ton Fraction. — 73
Gold Mount.. — — Ton & O W.. — 10
ilannapah ... 24 25 Ton Nevada.. — 7 25
Lucky Tom .. — lSiTton N Star.. 44 4.*.
MacNamara .. 15 20 Ton Midway. — 4*
Mlzpah Exten — 33|Ton A Salt I* — 65
Mont Ton 1 C3 — Ton Union .. — . —
N Y Ton .... — — United Ton... — 15
Paymaster ... — 25 Utopia — —
Pine Grove .. — —
MONDAY, An*. 2t— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.A3k.
Alpha 07 f«u Julia (U u'i
Alta 04 O.IJustlce 11 Vt
Andes 16 17lKentuck ....• 02 03
Belcher 31 82 Mexican I 05 1 1O
Be»t & Belch. 1 70 1 7o|Occidental ... 42 43
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 1 «5 1 70
Caledonia 1 00 1 00 Overman .... 26 2.H
Challenge Con 27 29 Potosi' 17 1<*
Chollar 17 1* Savage 23 2«
Confldence ... 05 1 Co Scorpion ..... 02 04
Con Cat & V.I &U 1 53|Seg BelcheT. . 1<> 11
Con Imperial*. 03 04 Sierra Nev... «7 «S
Con N Y 12 14,SUverHUl.... 7O V£
Crown Point.. 15 16, St Louis- ltf 1%
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate .... — O»>
Exchequer ... 05 OBj Union Con .. 68 7t>
Gould & C .33 SSUtah Zi T\
Hale (k Nor.. 4S 60 Yellow Jack.. 04 67
Lady Wash.. — 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1.0CO Esperanza . 051 1<X> Rescue 09
12.000 Esperanza . 04 ICO Ton N Star 4fi
600 Mont Ton.l 07>,l ICO Ton N Star 45
500 Eaperanza .. 051 200 Mont Ton...t 10
100 Gipsy Queen 27 000 Tdio N Star 47
ICO Gipsy Queen 2C|
Afternoon Session.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mlnlnar Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MIN1NO EXCHANGE.
400,Con Cal & Va.l 60I10O Eureka Con .. 60
2C0 Con Imperial.. W|lOO Hale ft Norcss II
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
600 Andes 18' 40O Mexican ....X 07 V,
100 Caledonia ...1 02^1 300 Overman 27
100 Caledonia 1 00 300 Potdsi 1*
100 Con Cal.-iVa.l 37V* 500 Savage 2'-
500 Crown Point.. 15 150 Utah 2^
300 Gould & C 321 2CO Yellow Jacket. «
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal * Va.l 30 SOO Savage 23
10O Con Cal& Va.l 52U u>O Rlerra. Nevada. 67
200 Mexican ....1 O7H 20O Union Con ... «U
200 Occidental 42 200 Utah 24
100 Ophlr 1 62 Vj 2CO Yellow Jacket. 67
200 Overman 27
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 32 ICO Savage 25
2C0 Caledonia 1 C5J 100 Seg Belcher .. 10
150 Con Cal A Va.l BO<10O Union Con ... 65
800 Crown Point.. 15 80O Utah S2
KW Mexican 1 06!2n<» Yellow Jacket. 67
IV Overman 271200 Yellow Jacket. 66
10O Potosi 171 -
Mornln* Session.
Xczv York Siocks decline and subsequently recover.
'Local Stock market still extremely dull.
Local and Sterling Exchange higher.
Cash Wheat steady end futures higher.
still advancing, with shippers in the market.
Oats in fair demand and steady. Rye steadily held.
Corn still firm, with the market lightly supplied.
Liberal receipts of Feed stuffs from the north.
Hay keeps up, though receipts run large.
Beans and Seeds inactive at prrcious prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show no change.
Provisions as before, in all positions.
No change in Wool, Hides or Hops.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in free supply and weak.
Poultry and Game quiet and unchanged.
Fresh Fruit t more active and in better tone.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con...... 18 Little Chief...... 00
Alice 10. Ontario 6 60
Greece 16 Ophlr 1 60
Hrunswlck Con.. 03*4 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel 0CV4 Potosi ....< 13
Con Cat A Va,.l 86 Savage 21
Horn 811ver 100 Sierra Nevada... 00
Iron Stiver...... 1- 85 ; Small Hopes.... 20
Leadvllle Con... 02 JPtandard 1 60
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money... 90% N Y Central 120
Cont for acct..S»0 15-10 Norfolk * Westn. 6»U
Anaconda 3!i Xor A West pfd.. ••>'.»
Atchlson 62^ Ontario & Westn. 23 H
Atchisnn pfd 01% Pennsylvania 63»£
Bait & Ohio 84 % Rand Mines lo>,
Canadian Pacific. 128N Reading 27%
Chea & Ohio W% Healing 1st pfd.. 41 H
Chgo G Westn... 17V,. heading 2d pfd. .. 33
Chgo, M & Ft P. .143*4 Southern Ry 22%
De Be«rs 19'4 Southern Ry pfd.. 88
Den & Rio Or.... 24% Southern Paclnc.. 4594
D & R G pfd.... 79$ Union Pacific 76%
Erie 29 Vi Union Pac pfd... 8f*Va
Erie 1st pfd 68 U S Steel 22S
Erie 2d pfd 52 U S Bteel pfd.... 72
Illinois Central... 136'a WabaKh 22Vi
Louis & Nach lOttt* Wabnsh pfd 35*4
Mo. Kana & Tex. l'.» 7 k
-Bar silver, firm. 23%d P er ounce. Money,
lglH per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent,
afld for three months' bills 2% per cent.
EGGS — Ranch. 29®30c for large white select
ed and 27©28c for good to choice; store,
22%@26c; cold storage. 25c; Eastern. 18ff23o
per dozen.
¦ Butter was variously quoted weak, steady
or firm, according to the supply the dealer had
on hand. After the receipts .printed below
were compiled several steamers came in witta
liberal lines, so there was no scarcity. The
general feeling, however, taking the whole
street through, was easy rather than firm.
Cheese Is slowly piling up on the shelves and
all dealers are carrying sample stocks, though
the market shows no weakness.
Eggs ruled firm at Saturday'* quotations,
though there were enough aod to spars on
hand.
Receipts were 16.S00 lbs Butter, 505 cases
Eggs and 9500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 27<g28c; dairy. 21f26c;
store Butter, 17®20c; Eastern, 22@24c.
CHEESE— New, lttfflSc; Young America. 1*
©15c: Eastern. 16@16c; Western. 14018a
per lb.
Butter, Cheese % and Eggs.
for small: Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old
and $1 G0@l 76 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per dozen;
Hare. $1@1 25; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
grades, combing and clothing. -16@21c; light,
fine, 10©17i$c: heavy, fine, 12t?15c; tub
washed, 20©29VSc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, - v Aug. 24.— Clearings, $552, «01;
balances, $122,653. .
TACOMA. Aug. 24.— Clearings, $364,845;
balances, $58,149. \
PORTLAND. Aug. 24.— Clearings, (504,810;
balances, $65,256.
SPOKANE, Aug. 24.— Clearings, $330,190;
balances, $50,033. -'.-•.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON,
¦PORTLAND, Aug. 24.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 7!>©S0c; Blueitem. 81©S3o: Valley, 80c.
.TACOMA, Aug. 24.— Wheat— Nominal; Blue
stem, Me; Club, 80c. V.
Flour, qr sacks. C.37CJ Middlings, packs J*on
Oata, centals... a:K>! Phorts, sacks... 8.125
Bran, sacks.... 3,610. Feed, sacks.... 1,250
ORKGON.
Flour, qr sacks. 55,041 IPeltg. number.. 3,32rt
Wheat, centals.. 6.S45; Hides, number.. 34rt
Barley, centals.. 19. 404! Tallow, centals. 5
Onions, sacks .. 022 ; Quicksilver, flak 451
Bran, sack? 4.011 1 Leather, rolls.. 134
Middlings, sacks 3.371) Wine, gallons.. 4(5,15f>
Hay. tons l,3fl3[Rrandy. gallons 273
Straw, tons .... 30;RaI*ln*. boxes.. 1,WX>
Wool, bales 15ft Lime, barrels... 40S
Shorts. Racks... 43iChlcory, barrels 17
Screenings, sks. 200
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 24.
Receipts of Produce.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, ZOUc; Astral, 2014c ;
Star. 20Ue: Extra Star. 2*Hc; EUtne, 28ttc;
Eocene. 23^c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23 He; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in case*. IP'.-ir: S0-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: In cases. 27 He
TURPENTINE: — 76c per gallon in cases and
70c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 8©
GHc per lb; Whit* Lead. eSGHc according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb bars:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.73c;
Powdered, S.COc; Candy Granulated. 5.60e; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c: Dry GranulaterW coarse.
5.50c;. Fruit Granulated. S.COc; Beet Granulat
ed (100-1 b bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A,
6.60c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5c: GoMen
C. 4.90c: "D." 4.S0c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c more: boxes. ROe more: 5O-lb bags.
10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half -barrels.
6c: boxes. fl.2Sc p#r lb. No order* taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. 113:
Welsh Lump. 911 60; Cannot. IS 60 per ton;
Coke. $11 6u<J13 per ton In bulk and $13 in
•acka; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 43 per
2000 lbs and $8 SO per ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; canes. 6c more; Castor OIL in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1031 12;.Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut. 67%G«2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases, 60c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Wbale Oil, natural white. 50@&5c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 43c: Cases. 50c: Co
coanut Oil, in barrels. 5So for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian.
THE SAN rKAJSrCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
As usual on Monday the receipts of domes
tic Poultry were very light and what stock
wm carried over | from Saturday moved off
slowly at . the , previously quoted rates. . The
car of Western that was expected had not ar
rived up to a late hour, " but < was reported close
at hand and " will be available to-day. Game
waa in ample supply ¦ and quiet at previous
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal ;' Geese,
per pair, $1 25@1 BO; Goslings. $1 50@l 76;
Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for younn: Hens. $4@5; young. Roosters,. $4M
B: old Roosters, $4 6O&5: Fryers, $3®:? 50;
Broilers. $3©3 50 ¦ for large and $232 50
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
TO BE SOLD AT AUCTION— 20 head of all-
purpose horse*. 40 sets of harness; also a large
stock of camp, express wagons, rubber-tlra
buggies and surreya at 11 40 Folsom st.. Tues-
day. August 25.
fe fe Jfe*
AUCTION SA*B OF HORSES. HARNESS.
WAGONS. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 827
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. August 28, at lt
a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903,
12
There is room at the top. It has often bun said,
ThouRh the hill of success Is a hard one to climb,
For the atones in the way are a subject of dread
And may give one hard knocks perhaps many a time.
If the hill you would climb of a business career
You will need all the help of publicity wide;
That The Call nils th© bill may be said without fear,
For our ads bring reeults— that'a our pleasure and pride.
HELP WASTED— MALE Con^
MURRAY & READY,
, PHONE MAIN 6S48. 634 and C36 Clay st.
¦ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments ready
for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IB WHAT
' MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man aad
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME. _
19C2 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GI\ E
45.000 MEN WORK. flO.OOO MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada.
. Loe Angeles County, Chatsworth Park.
Wllllte. Uklah. Oregon.
Atl«)na. To-day,
f And All Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers. pll« drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cocks, waiters, black-
smiths, eta. J3. $4. $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2 day.
Free lax*. JYee fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are youT - Are you? Are you?
MURRAT & READY.
634 and 636 Clay et.
" 163 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Fare $1. Fes $1. Three manths' Jobs.
Picking, packing, drying.
865 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2, $2 50 and $3 a day. All classes of
work; come see.
185 Italians, $2 25 a day.
Ycu beard yourselves. Steady Jobs.
28 laborers, fres fare, 14 miles away, $42
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid.
$67 50.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Uktah, free
fare, $67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and axmen. $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. *67 60.
Cost you only $1: no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit, $60. $75 and found.
96 miners and tlmbermen. $90 and found.
186 quarrymen. also drillers, $S2 to $90.
98 carmen, furnace men. $i5.
STABLES, FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST,
lfld farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
3S milkers, butter makers. $30. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards, $35 and $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
.634 end 63C Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
88 Lumber Trusts and Syndicates.
Located in Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
. $70 and found.
188 experienced mill "Snd yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
3S6 woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. «34 and 63tJ Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70, $60. $50, $40. $30 found;
very few men to cock for, no women there;
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $65. $50. $!•>
and found.
46 cocks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevatcr boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
SC dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, $40 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $35 to $60 found.
6 bakers, 5 helper?. $35 to $50 and found.
18 boys to learn trades and work In factories,
$6 to $12 a week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
35 carpenters, new Job, fare $1, $00.
16 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $90 to $45 and found.
Also 96 other different mechanics: come pee.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIL,
PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
WAREHOUSE. FARE $1.
12 laborers, no experience wanted. $3 day
IN BUTTE CO.. $3 FARE.
28 laborers for woods, you'll suit. $40 fd.
FOREMAN GRAIN RANCH, $50 FD.
Carpenters, private work, fare 70c. $90
26 ITALIANS. FREE FARE,
for Lou Angeles. Santa Barbara and .San
Luis Oblspo.
EXTRA SPECIAL— SANTA CRUZ.
26 men. anybody will do, free fare to-day.
ARIZONA— 9C0 MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
; i Cement finisher. $4 50; machine hand, fur-
niture factory. $2 60 day: 2 bench hands,
planing mill. $3 50: cook's helper, mine. $35
fd; bark peeler, fare 51. $40 fd; 6 laborers,
city foundry, $2; tinsmith, $3; blacksmith,
lumber company, north. $90; lever man.
dredger, toss here. $60 fd; 16 hay balers, $3
to $5 day: boys for wholesale druggist, $1S ;
X to" $35; butcher, wagon. 75c fare. $35 fd: 3 j
milkers. Inyo Co., $35 fd. ; coachman, garden- 1
'"general merchandise clerk. I
country, steady good Job. $60 to $75
Best Places At MURRAY & READY.
-. Best Wages At 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office
r 423 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello Grant 1S5. .
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY. FREE FARE,
For State of California,
CASPAR. MENDOCINO CO. Steamer »alls
this forenoon.
Tunnelmen $2 75
Day cook. $50; night cock. $40.
Willlts. laborers $2 25
S. P. CO.'s OWN WORK. Western Division.
Extra gangs $1 70
STATE OF NEVADA.
Laborers, fencebuilders, tunnelmen $2-$3
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
EL DORADO AND BUTTE COUNTIES.
Laborers, rockmen, rough carpenters.. $2 23-$3
Special rate fare See boss here-
Blacksmith.' $75 found: 4 scraper teamsters.
$2 25; 4 men about places, choremen and
others. $2B-$35; 10 men pick almonds. $t day;
man and wife, choreman and nurseglrl. $35.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook, country hotel. $50; third cook. $35;
baker, country shop, $50: 10 waiters, differ-
ent country hotels. $25-$45; waiter, restau-
rant, Santa Cruz. $40; upstairs porter, coun-
try fcotel. $30, free fare; upstairs porter,
south. $25. fare advanced: man run electric
motor lights and Ice machine. $60 found-
man handy with tools around a hotel. $40;
sllvermen. potwashers, dishwashers, kitchen
hands. $25-$S5. city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Employment Agts.,
429 Bush St., 642 Clay st.
WANTED^- Young man to teach little boys In :
return for board and assistance In his stud-
ies. Write or call after 6 p. m. on H. C.
COONLEY. 1017 Clay st.. San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN to carry side line rubber special-
ties and sporting goods; great sellers; big
profits. Outfit by express $1 25. Akron Rub-
ber Syndicate. 316 Everett bldg.. Akron. Ohio.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chga. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid.
TAILORS — Coat maker and ladles' tailor want-
ed for Vallejo. STEIN. SIMON & CO.. Mar^
ket and Second sts.
UNION barber wanted for steady Job. 12C7
Scott st. 1_1_ .
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 488 Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand, and a first-class
shaper and band sawyer. Mechanics' Plan-
lng Mills. 715 to 717 -Ryyant st. \
YOUNG man with some experience either at
harness making or carriage trimming. 718
Folsom st.
BOY wanted. United States .Laundry, Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
BARBERS, whole cr naif Interest for sale.
501 Castro Bt. •
BARTENDER— German-speaking preferred.
- Box 2407. Call afflce.
BARBER shop for sale, $50; worth $100. In-
qulre Call office.
WANTED — Boy for office wcrk in tailor store.
24 Phelan. building. 80« Market st. '
WANTED— For the U. 9. "Maria. Corps, able-
bouled, unmarried men. between 21 and 85:
good character; must speak, read and writ »
' English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In th<»
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. CaL ' .
HELP WAWTED — -33 ALE— Con .
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620^ — Sacramento at. — 8-0.
I-hone Main 1101. Cor. LeWesdcrff it.
The O R. & N- Co.'» steamer Gen. W. EU;r
sails to ASTORIA early to-morrov.- morning ;
we ere the ONLY office that snips on tht*
job to ASTORIA: BIG CKOW1) tiUlNG;
ARE YOU? ASTORIA.
R5 laborers. $.">1 50 and found.
JR rockmen. f39 and found.
This la COMPANY^WORK: NO STRIKE.
NO DISCOUNT; year's $1.
Very rheap fare; It's near I"OKTLand. on
COLUMBIA RIVER— to ASTORIA.
OREGON. ASTORIA. OREGON.
St r am ; r^lI^^ E CASPAR WgW
FREE FARE.
FITU $1.
SO laborer* and teamsters. $- -5 Car
BUTTE CO.. CHICO— Want 30O men. enra-
B00 3 me'n r for other Jobs not advertised >• Call
and see us and get a free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 5»
Sacramento at. '
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit wits
inachtn* : good wages. California Canneries
Co.. 425 Brannan st.
WANTED— A young man. ltt ° r }\ y** 1 * "J
aice- must be bright, possess good habits and
live' with parents: work will be tr> asstst la
.^office. Aprly to S. tt WOOD * CO. 740
Market st Friday or Saturday moralngs
only, between » and 12 o'clock.
T\ - VNTED Educated young f.an to learn our
business and take responsible position when
Qualified; $»OO per year; flr^t-claas references
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examtnsr
building. _____^___
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, ha*
added 100 new rooms to the Denver jlmse.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 15c per nlgat.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and lab.>rers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St.. Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in 3. F".
Barber School, 741A Howard St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 23 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy nSw and 2d-hand army sho»a.
60c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bid*. Past Conf Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Thiro. St.. near Mar-
ket-*-700 rocms, 35c night: reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to ard from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. ha!S
price. ECS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23a
to 60c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HOUSES TO LET — FUKXI3HED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. S rccms: very
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETELY furnished 2-story houae: gar-
den: back and front rooms all sunny, reason-
able. Apply HOOKER A LENT. 19 Post st.
f HOUSES TO JLET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..U Montgomery.~
NEWLY furnished 27-room house, on Post St..
oppcslte Olympic Club; private baths, sta-
tionary washstands. medicine lockers, elec-
ftric lighting, enunciatcr in each room, steam
heat throughout and other modern conveni-
ences, for rent with 5 years' lease and fur-
niture for sale. Apply 533 Post st. j-
A 9- ROOM sunny house; billiard hall. laundry,
flower garden. 781 Cole st.
IVY, 419^ — 7 rooms and bath: rent $23 60. Ap-
ply 440 Hayes at., plumber's,
BEFORE moving get our printed ll«t cf houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LEASE: FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house: six rooms and bath;
cheap. S933 Twenty-f.'th st.
HORSES AND "WAGONS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagor.s, buggies and harness must be s;M at
sacrifice. Cora«e. 13th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale — $135; gray horse, pacer. 2:40 gait:
top buggy, harness; good order.' 3217 24th
st. (number on gate). See man 12 to X dally.
STYLISH bay mare. 5 years old; lady can
drive; sound; good roadster; 2 wagons, cheap.
300 Clement St.. cor. Fourth ave.
FOR sale— Largest, be-t located stable In city.
Apply SCOTT & MAGNER, hay merchants,
615 Sixth st.
GENTLE horse; will fellow you; good hom*
more than price. 473 Valencia st.
FOR sal- — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1063.
Call office.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. S27 Sixth st.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good horn*
more than price. 473 Valencia st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 21-han1:
new laur.cjry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
$25 REWARD for return of lady's purse. 2
rings (prized as keepsakes), keys and owner's
cards; lost Saturday oa Scott at., near
Haight. 1156 Scott St.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch- large black spot oa
back; black spots surround eyes and black
ear; reward. 223 Ellis St.
LOST — Silk muffier, frcm Millwood to Sausa-
Ilto, August 22. Reward at 141 Post st.
' LOST — White, yellow-crested cockatoo, lost
j near Golden Gate Park. Liberal reward gtv-n
for information or return at Chsero Villa,
corner Fulton st. and Seventh ave.
< REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanaa
sts. Return to Dramatic Review office. 29
Geary st.
LOST — Pocketbook containing ticket to Ohio
and $10 bill. Return to JAMES W. MIL-
LER. 233 Bartlett St.. S. F. : reward.
LOST — On Larkin st.. diamond sunburst, dia-
mond surrounded by pearls, r.etura 746 Mar-
ket; liberal reward.
LOST — On San Mate© cars, camera. HIS
Guerrero st.. ar.d receive reward.
IT will pay to Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needa old
gold and silver to make new w-tch cases.
lofts to iarr.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW, corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: will lea»«
for a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery St.
Mills building.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pllla
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's sjr.ng»
and Jblew! price. $2 50. By "press on^oa
receipt of price. OSGOOD BR 1 °T" E j^-
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
- Oakland. .
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal*
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed. 30
years' experlence : _re_roatj't.. near Jonea.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable fP*, 0 . 1 *"? 1 .^!".*" '*"
male trouble*, and Irregularities : instant re-
llef guaranteed. JO^-i!" 1 " PP "
DR G W ~b' DON NELL— All who are sick or
lii trouble consult this specialist on fema!»
rnmnUtnM- nositlveiy corrected; the unfor-
SSt. Seloe^nhe most difficult cases treaty
edTadvlc^ Pe jrVJ°_Of_nce, 1013 Market st.
¦Mua t» . t r rv 11 IS Mattel — Reliable If^les*
weVrWWt"^ Private home before and d£ln*
confinement: best me.lloal care: low fees.
Tm rosf.V moved to 2995 Folsom st., cor.
2tith: reltef $10: I" 1 * 1 "' exclusive office.
Dm Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr.Van Ness— Expert
,„ obVte tries, female comp.;25 yrs. experience.
DR nnd MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
";i°"n«l meith^^ftreatmcnt. 1126 Market st.
f>n. VG TOY KEE. .119 Powell 9t. oppostta
Union square: all diseases cored by herb*.
MILLINERY.
Ladles' imported & tailored hats Just In; call:
nr'lces low to start them going; frames mad*
to nt the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERN engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO3H A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason' to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us la that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our gcods. even If you don't car* to
buy. LICHTENSTE1X TJSOS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK.T ~~~"
Repair it with elatertte; In rolls eaay to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over ol.l
m Iron, tin or shingles; best for ne-w roofa.
' ELATERITE ROOFUfO CO.. 713 Market sC
PYEIKO ABTP 0X.HA.mSQ.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the ;. Prealdlo
Heights Dye Works, 3015 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Aoting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 12t>5 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branohes;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 12S6 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at homo free. '
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $60; day and evening sessions. .
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school'.': positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine snd California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Eloctrlclty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free,
THE Berlltr School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue^
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial Collese. Van Ness and
Golden Gata aves..S.F. ; fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Klngsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Halght St.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Nature*. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MIsalon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
Unlt»<1 State* or Canada «n> vear for tl.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G"EORGE~^AOKlT~42i Poet St.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm, help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 Vi O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinda help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. B40 Ctfry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
INTELLIGENT young woman wishes position
as saleslady in cloak and suit department to
sain experience; small salary. M. A. P.,
o07Vi Leaven worth et. !
P.JLlABLE woman wants general work and
plain, cooking in Eood clean family; kind to
children; references. Box A, Call branch
otflce, 300 Hayes st.
A TRAINED nurse, speaking French itr.d Eng-
lish, knowledge of bookkeeping, desires posi-
tion in physician's office or other suitable
occupation. G. A. R.. 1259 O'Farrell gt.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day or month es chambermaid or general
housework; strictly honest and obliging. 633
Third st.
GERMAN girl wants situation; understands
German and French cooklnc: flrnt-class ref-
erences; $35 up. Vil Stevenson st.
DRESSMAKER wishes situation <ts helper in
shop: $1 50 a day. Y. W. C A., 1259
O'Farrell st.
SWEDISH girl wishes work; plain cocking and
general housework; wages $20 to $25. Call
553 Natoma st., between Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— Washing or cleaning at 13 cents
an hour. 9C7 Folsom St., room 3.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California st^
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day. washing
or housecleanlns. Call 157 Tehama at.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires situation; gen-
eral housework. 243 Steuart st.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability
desires position In large first-class ttotel as
housekeeper; can give the best of references.
Box 10C4. Call.
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position; $40 per month; rapid
and accurate. Box 2402. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions' taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
YOUNG couple, with child 2V4 years, want po-
sitions together as cook for 5 to 'M men and
wait at table; experienced and good workers;
man also understands rough carpentering,
etc.; have tools; state particulars and wages
etc. Address for one month, American, 5
Hopeton Terrace. .
REFINED, well educated, active, unencum-
bered elderly widower, of perfect honesty and
Integrity, desires light employment as . care-
taker, traveling companion on land or sea,
etc. P. O. box 21«3. San Francisco. Cal.
CARPENTER, active, sober and honest, will
work for $3 per day If given steady em-
ployment;- store, company or hotel. Box
2411, Call office. ._.
WANTED — Work by the day; used to house
work and stable and garden; has good refer-
ences. Address box 818, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Work by student, night and morn-
ing, for room and board; Christian family.
Address 1S4 Fourth St.. room 20.-
HONEST old German wants light work. Box
2409, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged ar.d single, wishes
a situation In grocery store and barroom :
first-class references. \V. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st.
CAPABLE business man wishes employment;
speaks Spanish. German and English. Please
v address box 2405, Call office. .
MAN and wife would like situation in city or
country; woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER,
1417 Powell st.
GOOD shoemaker and solo cornetist desires po-
sition In a mining town; write particulars,.
Address box , 1C74, Call. •
JAPANESE cook wants a position In family
or small hoarding-house.. M. M. FRANK.
Rt!«>i Stockton st. ; tel. John 2121.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let— Furnished, cozy, sunny flat; 7, rooms
and bath. 932 Flllmo»*e st. ; apply between 11
a. m. and 5 p. m. to meet owner. ¦
PINE. 2738 — Handsomely furnished sunny 5
rooms and bath; large yard; phone; adults. •¦
HELP; WASTED FEMALE — Con.
RESTAURANT cashier with experience and
references } steady position) no,fee» Apply 9
a. m. to 12 m.. Restaurant Keepers' Aeeocia-
tlon, C Eddy et., room 4(k
WANTED — Refined German girl for upstairs
work and sewing. - Apply 2010 Paclflo ave.
WILL the gtrl'of G««rman descent, who didn't
speak German, who called at 2014 Paclflo
nvp. on 20th or 21st August, call again T
WANTED — First-class millinery saleswoman.
- Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALR
BHOfl.' ¦
SEVERAL salesladies for dry goods store in
the Mission. Box 2414, Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist light housework. 221
Dartlatt Bt.
FIRBT-CLA88 'pager wanted. F. M ALLOY E,
422 Sacramento st.'
A NURSH girl to take care of a baby. - French
Laundry. 1253 Pacific st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478' Parrott building.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes <l p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FITiST-CLABB sewera on ladles' waists, ttnnls
gowns, eto.; work sent or oar fare paid.- H.
FRIEDLANPEn. 838 Fell it.
WANTED— First-class millinery maker; salary
$15 per week; state experience. Box 1091.
Can office. -
QIRLS— About 16. for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Eeoramento st.
¦WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; btxnest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth. V t . '
BEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RrV-
ETERB; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID 8ALART. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'9
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1S7S
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
LADY over 25 with some business experience
to take charge of business branch. Box 10S3.
Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear: also
learners. G. W. RETNOLDS CO., 695-507
Mission st. v':": '¦'-
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced unlncum-
bered woman to take care of a child about
1 year of age. Address box 1002. Call.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. " > ;
WANTED — All the ladles to know that we
are the only house making suits to individual
measurements at factory prices; try It.
Royal Cloak and Suit Co.. 523 Market st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5. office 59,
Columbian building, 916 Market st.
DESIGNER, waist trimmer and paid appren-
tice wanted. 2014 Sutter st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HELP WAKTED — MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
HOPS. HOPS. HOP-PICKERS.
We ship Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday;
pay $1 per hundred; fare $1 50; fee $1; 100
men. women, and children.
S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
CO section hands, $1 60 and $1 70 a day.
7 men for Willlts; free fare.
Teamsters, $2 25; laborers, $2 25.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton.
5 miners, single-hand, $3 a day. ,
FREE FARE— CASPAR.
10 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 25 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters, $2 a day.
h men for the sawmills. $30 to $80 a month
and board.
Blacksmith, country, $3 a day.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
15 laborers, $2 25 a day.
2 first-class house carpenters, country, $4 a
day, 8 hours.
4 single-hand miners, $2 50 a day.
4 muckers, same mine. $2 25 a day.
SAWMILL AND WOODS MEN.
4 timber fellers, $60 a month and board.
6 crosscutters, $50 a month and board.
s swampers, $40 a month and board.
10 mill and yard men, $45 a menth and board.
NEVADA— FREE FARE.
Fence builders, $2 25 a day.
Laborers. S. P. Co.'s own work, $2 a day. .
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 5!) Third st.
ELECTRICIAN for Ice machine, $00 and
board; window dresser, $115: delivery wagon
driver. $50; foreman for fruit ranch. $40 and
found; gardener. $30 and found; man about
place, $25 and found; 3 farmers and wives,
$50 and $55 and found; farmer?, $oO month
and $1 T.0 day and found; milker. $35 and
found; can washer. $55; Jobbing blacksmith.
$3 day; blacksmith's helper. 52 day; boys for
planing mill. $1 25 to $1 50 day; laundry-
man for institution, $10 and found; assistant
laundry man and janitor, $30 and found; la-
borers for quarries, ¦ mines, mill and woods,
lumber pliers. ?- and $2 CO day. ?">5 month;
miners, $3 day. and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $35 and found; electrician for Ice
plant, $60; cook for 12 men, $40 and found;
cook, and wife as chambermaid.. $60, mining
town; boarding-house cook, $40, and dish-
washer, same place. $20; hotel second cook,
$50; 2 cooks, small hotels. $35 and $45:
meat cook for Institution. $55; porter and
runner, country, $30; assistant barkeeper,
country, $25; waiters, dishwashers and oth-'
err.' J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st. — Farmer for
orchard. $25; stableman for resort. $25: young
man around stable, $20; gardener, nursery,
$35; man and wife, nursery, $40; young man
or boy to run elevator, $25 and found; silver-
man. $25; dishwashers. $25 to $35; nurse
¦ for hospital ward, $25; porter for hospital,
$20; cook, plain boarding-house, near city,
$50; cook, college, $55; cook, resort, $75:
third cook, $60: waiter, country hotel, $35;
hotel runner, Nevada.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Watchman. $25; second cook, .$70; bath help-
er, $20; colored waiter, $32-r'walter, $30.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bklg.. 5 doors from Market.
MAN to assist with work in lodging-house;
good home; state age and wages expected. T.
F. STACK, the Colonial. 616 Broadway. Oak-
land. •
WANTED — A man to tend bar and' assist at
lunch counter; German preferred. Box 2412.
Call office. " j
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall digs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— At once. 2 errand boy*. Apply at
JOE ROSENBERG'S Store. 11 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Young man, experienced In fancy
goods. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market st.
Boilermakers; steady employment to right men;
state exp.^ wages standard. Box 2413, Call.
A DISHWASHER wanted; $15 per month. 104
- First st. •:.':-*>-
BARBER — Young man. first-class; short hours;
$16 Der week. Box 2415. Call office.
BOY, about 18 years, as clerk In grocery store.
1400 San Bruno ave. ' '
•WANTED— A butcher. Apply SONOMA MAR-
KET. 1307 Polk st.
BOOTBLACK w%nted; good wages. 4073
Eighteenth et.. near Castro st.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. PARK HOTEL.
.26 Turk st.
BARBER wants to sell: must sell; account of
retiring: bargain. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
BOY wanted, about 16 years old. DRUO
STORE. 400 Gough »t. ¦¦
SKIRT pressers and operators on ladles' cloaks
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 52
First st. . ¦
BOY residing with parents; good position.
HARSHALL'S, 12 Kearny mU ' y
BOYS who have had experience at trunk mak-
Ing. 807 Mission st.
FOR sale — Fine' paying barber shop, Guerne-
ville. Sonoma Co. II. E. Hart for particulars.
BARBERS — Neat two-chair shop; weekly aver-
agei $45 to $50; rent, $15. Bos 2410. Call.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city: installment plan.
: Apply Golden#Gate Portrait Co.. S32 Howard.
WANTED — Sober porter and bed makeiX Call
9 o'clock at UO^Thlrd st.
ERRAND boy wanted; steady : work. 40 Ellis
. st.; rooms 43-44. - - ¦ • -
FOR • sale— Neat barber- shop: rent : $12 50;
price $75. Box 2416. Call office,. .
WANTED— A first-class waiter; steady or ex-
tra. 29 Stockton at. 1 *- _ " ,
¦___'¦ EXATB TO I»BT.
UOU3K8 and flats to let: an immense list) ser-
vice absolutaly free ; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cardes Furniture Co.. 243-209 Gaary
st, on" the square.^ -
A NBW 0-room ups»r fiatt all modern Ira*
provements; rent $24 ; water free. 827 Con-
neotlcut st., near Eighteenth. •¦
N. W. COIl; Fulton and 8cott — 9 extra large
R. & B. ; exposed on all aides; separate en-
trance; grand view; only <60. '
FLAT, 7 rooms and hath. 2140% Market St.,
near Laguna; Castro-st. car. • ' -
PAGE, 805, near Pierce — Flat of 6- rooms aad
bath; cheap rent.
PIERCE, 269— Flat of 0 rooms ana bath; rery
eunny; rent reasonable.
TO let— Flat of 6 rooms and bath. 835 Ful-
ton st.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1807 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
FLAT. 4 rooms and bath; .148 William et.,
near Post. Inquire middle flat.
LOMBARD. 945-037— Lower newly modeled
flats; 5 rooms, baths, gardens, (25; open.
PAGE, 1733, near Golden Gate Park — S new
flats completed: 6 rooms and bath each.
FLATS^FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FIVE-roorn furnished flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet. Ellin and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A. BARGAIN— 14250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
*LOT 23x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — New flat, unfurnished; modern im-
provements; 4 or 5 rooms and bath. Address
F. A. M.. room 11, 320 Sansome st.
FUKXITUKK FOK SALE.
NEW furniture In 6-room flat for sale, cheap;
new and modern: new gas range for less
than half price; must be sold by 1st of Sep-
tember. Call between 0 and 12 at m. and
frcm 7 to 10 p. m.. 2324 California st.
NEW carpets and all new oak furniture 5
. room flat cheap. 1615 Laguna st.
FURMTURE AVASTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTE^-KEJIALE.
WANTED— 2 cooks. Menlo Park. $30; 4 cooks.
$30. $35; % parlormaids, $30; chambermaid
and seamstress, $25; 3 laundresses, $30;
2 laundresses for children's home. $30; 4
nurse girls. $25: short order coolc. $8 week;
8 waitresses, citv^nd country hotels, fare
paid; German lady's maid, $30; 5 Becond
girls, city and San Rafael. $25; North Ger-
man' nune, ?23; chamberwork; waitress,
mining camp, $25. see lady here, office to-
day; and other places too many to advertise;
good wages and first-class families; city and
country. Apply to J. F. CROSSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
HOP PICKERS— HOP PICKERS.
Men. women and children, pay $1 per 100,
can make $2 to $3 a day; we make special
shipments Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
The 24th. 25th and 20th. Wagons will, meet
you at the depot and take you to the hop
fields; fare $1 50. office fee $1. CAL. EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 59 Third *t.
A NURSE for 2 children, Oakland $30
A German maid and seamstress $30
A cook for diet kitchen $25
A cook for hotel, country $40
10 housework girls for city and country;
wages *. v .0. $25, $20.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, nr. Powell.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring', massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair tiught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc: 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve, class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from' start to finish in cne
month for $10: positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at 510 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
WANTED— Experienced corset ' saleslady.
JOE ROSENBERG, SI 6 Market at. '
A— HAND finishers on waists wanted. 656
Mission st.: take elevator.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
pay. 656 Mission st.; take elevator.
A — GIRLS from 14 to 16 years to sew by hand.
650 Mission st. ; take elevator. ,
GIRL to work on coats and assist in operating.
44U Minna st.
GIRL to do cooking and general housework; 2
In family. 227-Ashbury St., near Hayes.
GIP.L for light housework and plain cocfclng.
Apply 1545 McAllister St., between 9 and 12.
EXPERIENCED tallorees on fine custom coats;
steady work: good pay. 533 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady to do llcht housework
and care for 2 children. 120 Ninth st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to do general
housework. Call at 77 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress. Capital Restaurant,
206 McAllister St., near Hyde.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework. 3435
Twentieth St. - "
A GIRL for general, housework: 3 In family;
wages $15 to $18. Lower flat, 537 Scott at.
WANTED — An experienced girl to pack candy.
D. J. BAUM. 1144 Howard st. , ~*
WANTED — A first-class dinner waitress at 304
Mason st. : waxes $5 a week.
WANTED — An experienced trimmer at Free-
ma's millinery store, 435 Geary at.
FIRSJT-CLASS button-hole maker on custom
coats; steady work. 40 Ellis St., rooms 43-4i. j
A YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
no cooking:. Apply 1307 Jackson st.
GIRL, general housework and plain cooking;
•small family; good wages. 776 McAllister.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
?25. 1916 Broderlck st. ¦ ' ¦¦ :^- ; -;
GIRL, for housework and cooking; country. Call
at 1409 Webster at. ¦
APPRENTICES on cloaks. D. M. DAVIDSON
& CO.. 52 First fit.
A NURSE take care of child 14 months old;
$15. 1025 Broadway.
GIRLS wanted. United States Laundry. Slx-
teonth and Valencia sts. -
A GIRL, for housework; 3 adults; wages $20.
10S3 Geary 6t. ' ... • / •;
TWO flrst-cjaea finishers on pants. 269 Clem-
entlna st.. upstairs, third floor.
GIRL for general housework.. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs.
WANTED— Experienced mieslady for chil-
dren's millinery, department;, good pay and
steady position to right party; riference ntc-
cesary. Apply between 0:30 and 10:30 Mon-
day, I. MAGNIN & CO.. '4^-53 EUla st.
WANTED — Youns girls as apprentices to learn
the business. Apply between 0:30 and 10:30
a. m.. Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53
Ellis st. 1 -¦¦.-¦¦:
WANTED — Experienced dressmakers for alter-
ations. Apply ; between 8 :30 and 9 :30 a. m.
_ Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st.
NEAT German -or Swedish rlrl for general
housework: wages ' $20; 4 adults In family.
"Apply 2514 Clay St.
• AA FftAACZSCO CALL
BCEIXEES OFFICE of the San FrancUco
«V.!. corner Market and Third streets: open
i.r.::l 12 o clock e»ery nisJii >n the y«ar.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
•rorner Clay: open until 0:50 ik ra.
S0O liajec rtreet; open until »:^0 p. n».
«K» McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. m-
1 15 Larkin *trett; open until 0:30 p. ra.
::>U Mission street; open until U> p. m.
-ifCl Market £:reet. corner SUteeatj. open
'"hkS Eleventh stree:: cpe« ur.»!l 9 P- nau
:0!«6 Valencia rtreet; open until » p. J »•
NonfcwcM comer irf Tw«Hy mteam* *od Ken-
tucky streets; open until i» p. m.
2200 f-illracre nrfet; oi*u until t> P- rv
¦^ — —^— — —^ *" ~ i
MEETING NOTICES. j
INK. Auxu« 20b at 7:30 o clock. M. /VN
M decjw. Uy order of the II. I .
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lod £ * No 30 . F. and A. (B
M -Called meetirit Tills < * tES- V%T
i>AT> EVENING at T o'clock. Thlrt /T>
decree, to be conferred by tne oXflcers
of Mission I^odffe No. lf». F. and A. M. By
iTder of W. M.
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL IxwJxe No. 144. F. and A SS,
M.- Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) YY
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /? »
A. S. HUBBAKD. Secretary.
JdTsiToN Lodre No. 169. F. and A. M.— «
Officers ar<J members am requested
to ir.eet at the Masonic Tetn^le THIS /V>
(TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:i!0 o'clock
to tay a fraternal visit to Golden Gate Lodge
No 30 F. and A. M. By order cf the W. M-
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
V.MTV Lcd*e No. 131. L O. O. F. .^^g--..
; :.' Veteran OdJ Fellows »;:: j-'jjSmPs&Rc
; *y u? a :rat"r:;al \if:t VL'Eir- -ii&^ST^r
; i AT EVENING, Aug. 25. Visit- '
lr.e brother* cordially Invited.
K. H.- HOLCOilB. S. 6.
E. II. ANDREWS. Secretary.
HARMONY Lod«e No. IS. I. O. O. o»SEt32b"v.
r Tbe officers *¦?>£ tie -"J" < "ra:
icmnilttee ol the above raniei -*t£$7£%?
\r6ft are hereby notified to ab- .
>tn bie at Odd Fellows' Hall, comer Market
E-d Seventh sts. on WEDNESDAY. August
l~* at I:U0 o'clock p. rn., for the purpose of
L.-:<r.il^s the funeral of our late brother.
Henry Korler. By crter
ADOLF PACBA. N- G.
CBASL QUAST.'Financial- Secretary.
PAN FRANCISCO Bricklayers' Inurr-a- IB
tiontl I nion No. 7 of Cjlifornia.-Spe- A
rial mwtin* WEDNESDAY L\T--N- >j
ING Augut-t 26. B. B. Hall. 121 Eddy *•<£/
n. Hy order fth
E. L. NOLAN. Fres. g !
CH AS. WAGNER. Rec. and Ccr. Sec j
No TICK TO THK STOCKHOLDERS Of
* 1HE SECURITY' SAVINGS BANK—
Notice is hereby given. In pursuance
of a resolution ef the Board or
l:irectcr» or the Security Savings Bank. *
.orporttion crga-iized and existing under the
iaws cf the State of California, passed ana
adopted en Tuesday, the 14th day of JUiT.
190a at a regular meeting of said Board, duly
heid at Number 222 Montgomery street, la the
¦ ••ty ar.d Cour.ty of San Francisco, In the
State cf California, the tune being the prin-
cipal dace of buetceta of said corporation.
Ue Security Savlr.cs Bank, and at the bulld-
Ing wfctre the Board of Directors of tald
. crpcrttlon usually nseet. tiat a meeting of
the stockho'.d-ra cf tald corporation, the
fecurtty Savings Bank, is hereby called for.
asfl will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
f.reet, in said City and County of San Fran-
' isco. tte san-.e being the principal place cf
tusineaa of said corporation, and beinx at
the builfiir.g where the Beard of Directors o!
t>a 13 corporation usually meet, on Wednesday,
the 23rd day of September, ISOo. at the hour
. f three o'clock In the afternoon of aaid day.
fcr the purpose of considering, deciding an3
acting upon the proposition to Increase the
capita! etock of aald corporation, the Security
Savings Back, and to Increase It to the
tmour.t of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it Is proposed to increase the aald
capital ?u>ck Is Oae Million Dollars. By
rraer ©' the Board of Directors. Dated. July
:«lh. 1903. FRED W. RAY. J
Secretary of the Security Savings Basic. j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly j
Call. *6 pa^es. best to any address In the '
(.'Sited Slates or Canada one year for «L I
roctie* wit j
AGKVls WANTED. \
AGUNTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building. •
ATTORNEVS-AT-LAW.
RCBT. W. KING, atty-at-lay. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; ail cases, damages, estates, wills. •
attachments, ccli^ctlons. etc.; consultation I
free; no advance charges; call cr write; even-
ings by appclntm«nt- Tel. Red 3«501.
ADVICE fret — I will advance cost In meritori- !
out cases, divorces, probate and all other law t
cuttt; no fees in advance: ocen every even- j
;ng. J. M. VHURSTON. 619 Market ft., r. 31. j
ADVICE free divorces a specialty :o,ulck. quiet; j
ro <-LarRe without success; established 55 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hales.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS. nx>m
nT\ third floor. Examiner building. (
L. M. CLAItK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
kft St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN &¦ AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11, '
Ouriie Udt-. UXi California Bt; tel. Main 727.
AJWICE fre*; all case-; open -evenings. M.
L. RYAN, sao Market at., cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUN'j talKir.fi parrcts.$5 each:Gennan singing
' anariess. 5^. \.c will try to please you: every-
'!¦!.-•?: m ojr line at right prlcea. 1546 Markct.
DLSIXISSS CHAXCES. ~
A-41500; r.E^TA^XN^'^d^'ch^r^ho^e^
note to Phelan building; daily receipts about
*SS; splendid business. See R G. WILKE
2tiS Keamy st. " " i
A — *S2 5 : RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Third st.; lent $;u; average daily receipts.
SIS; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 2S1J Kearny.
A BARGAIN this week; forced sale- 34 rooms-
Market et.. central: all rented; first floor of-
fice*, clearing $175; orly J2400; easy terms
PETERSEN A LARS EN. HK5 Market, rm. 1.'
DO YOU WANT TO GO INTO BUSINESS?
Do >ou want to go out of bu&iness*
tvilford & Harrison. Business Agents. 3 Taylor.
KEV HOTEL FOR SALE.
A brand new brick hotel of 100 rooms, mag-
nificently furnished throughout vrtth the very
l:e*t grade of furniture and carpets; located
in the very heart of the high-grade residence
hotel section, on a corner, and equipped with
every modern hotel convenience, such as
fiectrlc lights, electric elevatcr. steam heat,
phones in every room, billlaxd-room, grill-
room, etc; long lease; if you're looking
simply for something cheap for speculation.
. regardlers of quality, don't bother with this;
but if you want a really hi*h-«rade propo-
sition fc>r permanent Investment that will
yield good, eleady returns and be a credit to
you. by all means look Into it. Apply rooms
1404-05. Call building. '- -
TO LEASE.
On Maeoa street, adjoining the "Poodle
ix>«." a 2ne. modern rooming house of 105
rooms. under construction, but almost
finished: &0 sinele tooxck and S5 baths; great
location: rcasunable rent; a sure money
winner if run on the right plan. SPECK &
CO.. CC7 Market et.
OPPORTUNITY for experienced liquor man as
co-worker and prospective stockholder in well
TtabV.shed liquor house. Applicants give age
ex;*-rienc». references. Addreea box C2oi
Sacramento.
LAWYER'S efflce complete, for eale at a sacri-
. flc«; «_a!l to-day between 4 and 5 o'clock.
Krnrfla Spreckles bldg.. 927 Market; rm. 206.
fS50 BUYS paying comer ealoonl ii living
rooms; 5 years' lease: rent $20; must sell to-
<lay; death. €04 Fourth «t.
FOR salt — Good j>ayinr restaurant and bat ;
established 12 years. 3 Jackson st.
FOR 6ale — Grocery business In small town;
clean, new stock; will invoice about $3000;
dcing coed burlneeg; best of reasons for
selling. Address P. O. box 123. Eulsun. CaK"
f.'.l.U — CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixtures
fcr tale: 5-room huuse. 1 acre of land, for
rent: flu per month: 5 years' lease. Address
P. O. box 142. Frultvale, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; good location;
doing eood bUElnees; at a bargain; sickness
c«use of selling. Box 10V7, Call.
EALOON fcr Fale. cheap: long lease; cheap
rent; cell because of death; call between 7
and S x>. m. 704 Mission st.
$2T>0 — GOOD paying candy and icecream busi-
ness; established 3 years; must be sold; good
chance. 1119 Folsom ft., or Smith's, 241 Sth.
| I00O— THE Santa Cruz bill-posting plant; will
. r<ay fcr Itself In one year. 25C Pacific ave..
Eanta Cruz. Cal.
GROCERY and bar; rreat. bargain: fine loca-
tion and trade;' cheap rent; living rooms;
rood bar business. 230 Minna st.
FOR sale— Mocha restaurant. 17f/j>., MS* ion
street.
FCR sale — Printing office; eood condition: es-
- tablished patronage; cheap rent. 10i2. Call.
Halrdreseln* parlors: efceap: value m eight;
rood location; retiring. 1163 Market at.
A fcakerr: delicacy: all store trade: $25 a day;
price $1800: no ager.ts. 715 McAllister, st.
OUTSIDE route So. 4 this naper for sal<».
Ir.cuire hardware store. I9th and Folsom sta.
LOPGIKG-HOUSKg FOn SALE.
H C. DECKER, !
POO MARKET, COR. HTOCKTON* ¦
PHOXK JOHN 531.
Headquarters for Real Estate. Rocming-
Houtes, Hotels. New Apartment House?.
< - Flats and Private Homes.
27 TEARS' IN THIS BUSINESS IN
;.: SAN FRANCISCO.
See the following bargains:
10 room*; Folrom st. : full of roomers... $225
7 rooms; modern flat; fine furr.ltur*.... 200
S roo:ns: newly furnished; clears $23... ITS
14 roorss; exchanpe fcr larger house... M'd
17 roofas; 9 rooms furnished: snap. 500!
8 rooms; I>aveux\-crth ft.; reduced to*. -500!
Sft rooms: choice location: Oakland. .. ..32GO |
:2 rooms: Geary st.: choice; transient.. 400 i
42 rocms; sunny corner; rent $100 3200
SO rooms; *unny bay-window corner. .. .ISOO
2C rooms: Mission and Sixth sU.I snap..l9C0
12 rooms: Taylor St.; transient only 700 1
*J0 rooir.!>: Market St.; oltlcf. perman«m.T>T>00
52 rooms: part house; Ions leaoe 2JO0
S rooms: cost $1500: a beauty: reduced. 7&O
I? rooms: newly furnished: lor.a- leave. ..1200
H. C. DECKER. 008 Market, cor. Stockton.
7-ROOM hcuf*. only f2.">0: worth |500; mu*t
sell. CHOKER. '.»00 Market.
20-ROOM house (Transient); clears «15O; price
only $1200; only S500 cash. DECKER. 806
Market.
100 R«X)MS; house for men; rent $140. .. .5*000
M rooms; south of Market: rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. MO
11 rooms: rood Income; rent $20 3S0
21 rooms: water front; rent $10; lease. ftSO •
120 rooms; rood lease: low rent 6500 |
67 rtna. : apartments; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhousee flats, fi to 100 rooms,
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearay »t
A BIO OFFER THIS WEEK.
See KREDO & CO.. 763 Market »t..
Vp-to-date R«llable Broken.
Bfj-t $4CC0 modern house. $2260: clear* $300.
Auction price; must sell.
A 5-rocm flat; furnished; only JS5.
ISO others; all sizes; low prices.
We loan you the money.
Lift with us; customers waltlnc
NEWLY furnished 27-room house, on Post st.,
oppcslte Olympic Club: private baths, sta-
ticaary washstands. medicine ' lockers, elec-
tric lighting-, enunclator In each room, steam
heat throughout ard other modern conveni-
ences, for rent with o years' lease and fur-
niture for sale. Apply 038 Post st.
6 ROOMS; lease; men roomers $725
14 rooms: piano nnd paintlncs 1700
20 rooms: transient; straight 2100
$1C(X) — 27 rocms; 2 years' lease; clear* $100: :
owner called East. Mossman,/ Sf.0 Market. J
SFIIUTUALISM. J
AKRIVED— lTiOf. FUED "pTeVANS. the fa-
incus psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy !
St., near Octavla. ¦ j*<3'r! i
THOMAS OUELLETTE: special life reading*
20c; absolutely free unless correct: full
taxr.ss riven. 34 Sixth st.. rooms 10 and 12.
MME. TOUNO'S convincing spirit messages
to-nlgrht. 10c; readlngrs dally. 819 McAllister.
MRS. Harlasd's; circle to-nlsht. Wed., Thura.,
10c: reedtafs dally, ladles tOc. 148'Slxth. j
JOHN SLATER^ circle Wednesday nlsht. 8:15
sharp; readlnss to-day. 10 to 4. C30 O'Farrell. j
W. G. KEEGAX holds a test meeting to-night.
10c: slttlnrs. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evenlnir.
23c; slttlnrs. 1C00 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
bualnesa medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1C52 Ellis, readings dally.
8:30 to 4; ceance* Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee I
to make you no charge If I fall to tell your i
name, occupation and what you call for; I I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife or I
sweetheart Is true or false; to tell whom and j
when you will marry: in fact. I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tel! yourself. He restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, causes speedy and
happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous, cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine, locates hidden treasures;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8.
326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: the reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description cf the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
roStcnted or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love cr business troubles/Vonsult this
great medium end you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of lif*-: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C0.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant snd
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
st cor". Turk: rrivate readings dally. 10 a.
m * to S p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory a* In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full" life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth'; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
?.'ells-Farjro money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sls^t: tells the past, present and future;
4a<5'.es 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
! and clairvoyant sitting: SI BO. 126 Turk st.
! Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
rard reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a «hort time only; when ethers fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove. .
i A Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
; names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
i M?:S. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
2f.c: gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
i MMK. WALTERS, great tard reader: la. 25c;
Ker.ts 50c 951 Mission «t.. nr. Ctb: open Sun.
! MISS SEYMOUR, wonderful card reader; sat-
\ isfaction guaranteed. 303 Jessie, ccr. 4th.
i MRS SHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
ting* dally. 44SU Jfssle St.. bet. Sth and Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
'. 2SV4 Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c. gtnts 50c
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET-BEAT1XG AMI CLEAMAQ.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
fiocr. without removal cr Injury; prices mod-
erate \pp!y S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
; CLEANIN'5 CO.. Call big.; phone Main 52a;.
! WHEN you bectme disgusted with your work
I >end fcr SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-biAl-
| ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
! CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J McQueen.
! proprietor. 229 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 49.
i TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattrttsei. mado ever. 1432 Howard ;South210
ADVANCE Carcwt Cleaning Co.. 4U2 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &. CO.. Prop>.
RUDOLPH Si CO., carpet-beating works; prices
tasonable. 1703 Karrlaou St.: tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S !-ui>»rior Carpet-beating Works.
.133 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
™ CHIROPOlIISTSj
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. CO Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART & WEYER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
ADVICE Tree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 86, »16 Market;
tel. Red CIS; collections; ger.'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41T. Montgomery, room* 0-10: tel. 5580.
COTTAGES TO . LET.
FURNISHED cottage to rent: 4 rooaif ; on the
beautiful Russian River; Montrio Park, So-
noma Co.; accessible to road and railroad;
grand view. Wllford & Harrison. 3 Taylor.
LOMBARD. »»5 — Corner l#use; 7 rooms, bath,
garden: $35; block from Hyde-st. cars.
5 ROOMS, bath, laundry, stable, garden; in
Mission warm belt. Box 1034. Call office.
JESSIE. tCIlli — Cottage of 4 rooms; renf cheap;
r*-ar.
DENTISTS.
DltTLUDLUMlllLLr 1443 Market. "nrEleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from J8 per Btt; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted '20 yrs.; crown. $3 5O: fillings. 50c;
p'.ates. $5: full set; all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Porlorn. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush^-
Eet teeth. SI 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings,25c
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 909 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
UUtkilMAKKU!) A. MiAJli TilfcisSKX
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife platting. Btew-
art'a button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.Bag Strike Broken.
Judge Beatty In the , United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday dismissed the suit
of Ames & Harris against Michael Sutt
ner and others, on motion of the com
plainant. The suit was brbught to restrain
strikers who jyere intimidating employes
of Ames & Harris* bag factory. After the
suit had been brought most of the* strik
ers returned to work and the strike died.
avenue, 250 S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120;
$10.
City Realty Company to William Koenlg, lot
on NE corner of Hugo street and Fifth ave
nue, N 50 by E 95; $10.
Leon and Rebecca Snyder to Gabriel Harasin,
lot on NE line of Twenty-ninth avenue. 135 SE
of P street. SE 50 by NE 100, block 521, Haley
Purchase; $10.
Ann C. Porter to Betsy M. Donald, lot on W
line of Victoria street. 225 S of Randolph, S '23
by W 100. lot 38, block 38. City Land Associa
tion; gift.
Same to Mary Mitchell (wife of David), lot
on W line of Victoria street. 200 S of Randolph,
S 25 by W 100. lot 37. block 3S. same; gift.
Same to Mary A. Atchlson. lot on W line of
Victoria street. 150 S of Randolph. S 50 by W
100. lots 35 and 36, block 3S. same: gift.
Aline Dornbierer (Marchant) to James Dorn
bierer. lot on S line of Eighth avenue, 120 W
of K street. W 130 by S 100. lot 193, block
104. Central Park Homestead: «rlft.
Michael Gallagher to Catherine Gallagher,
lot on NE corner of Broad avenue and Capitol
street. E 110 by N 125. lot 5, block J, Rail
road Homestead Association; gift.
Marie L. Rooney to James and Annie Young,
lot on S line of Minerva street. 150 E of Ply
mouth, E 50 by S 125, block 2. Railroad Home
stead, to correct 2011 D. 139; $5.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Frank and Mary
Egan, lot on E line of Part3 street. 250 S of
Brazil, S 25 by E 100, block 19, Excelsior
Homestead; ?10.
William and Mary Bell to David Burke, lot
on SE corner of Jefferson and Bank streets,
S 23 by E 70, lot 703. gift map 2; $10.
Pacific States S. L. and B. Company to
Thomas Dunne, lot on N line of Broad avenue.
422:7% E of Orizaha street. E 50 by N 125.
lots 18. 9 and portion of 17, block I, Railroad
Homestead Association; S9C0.
Cuneo and Costa Company to William S.
Ancell lot on S line of Costa street, 95 W
of Holllday avenue, W 25 by 8 70, lot 1739.
gift map 3; $10.
E. B. Gllson to Charles F. and Rosa M.
Cordes. lots 12 and 13. block 7. tract A. Peo
ple's Homestead: also lot on NW line of Hale
street. 275 SW of Merrill. SW CO by NW 73;
$10. • 5
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Ethel
lnda V. Danglada, lot in cemetery; $225.
John G. Klumpke to Western Wool and
Leather Company, lot 9, block 6, College Home
stead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Addie Ghlrardelll (owner) with P. N. Kuss
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell —
Painting-, etc.. for a two-story, basement and
attic frame building on NW corner of Pacific
avenue and Baker street. W 75 by N 132:7%.
Western Addition 575; $1002.
Mrs .Janet Sutherland (owner) with Carl N.
P. Ahl— en (contractor), architect August Nor
din — All work except mantels,, shatles and gas
fixtures for a three-story frame building (flats)
on E line of Lyon street, 123 N of Fulton. E
100 by N 25. Western Addition 592: $0903.
Marx Blum (owner) with William Linden
(contractor), architects Rousseau A Son — All
work for a three-story frame building (store
and flats) on E line of Fillmore st, 82:8 N ot
Post. N 25 by E 93, Western Addition 310;
$7C9S.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(a corporation sole) (owners) with Thomas L.
Wand (contractor), architects Shea & Shea —
i Grading and concrete foundations, stepping,
platform, rustic work and Iron work for Church
of the Nativity (Slavonian) on N line of Fell
street. 137:6 W of Franklin. W 55 by N 120
$3507.
J. L. Flood (owner) with Hecla Iron Works
(contractors), architect Albert Pisls— Cast iron
, first and 6econd story store fronts, bank front
, and cafe entrance, bronze main entrance and
' doors, etc.. for a twelve-story building on NE
: corner of Powell and Eddy streets, E 22:S%,
; NE 138:6%. NW 62:9*;. N 141:11?,. W 137:10.
S 275; $14».90Os
Italian-Swiss Colony (owners) wlta A. D.
Coutts (contractor), architects Hemenway &
Miller — Erection of all steel and cast Iron work
for .a wine warehouse on W line ot Battery
street. 137 ;8 a of Gre«ntrlch, N 137 :« by W
137:6: .
MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1003.
BEAI> ESTATE /TRANSACTIONS.
Ernest V., Samuel H.. and Isabella M. Cowell
to Helen K. Cowell, lot on N\V corner of Turk
and Polk streets. N 137:0 by W 137:6; $10.
William J. and Anna Newman to Ellen R.
Kengla (wife of Louis A.), lot on N line of
Clay street. 89:4 E of Webster. K 27:2. N
127:8% W 10:0, S 2S:8Vi. W 10:8. S 102: S10.
Mary and Benjamin Tlchner to Robert P.
Troy lot on KE corner of Lyon street and
Golden Gate avenue, N 100 by E tt:10%: S10.
Catherine McDevitt to James and Lillie Mc-
Devltt lot on W line of Shotwell street, 215
S o( Eighteenth, S 00 by W 122:0; jtift.
George C. and Rose C. Patterson to Domen
ico Firenze and Gaetano Garanza. lot on W
line of Shotwell street, 150 N of Kighteenth,
W 122:« by N 50; $10.
Estate of Herman W. E. Reichers (by Anna
Reichers, administratrix) to Claus Otten, lot
on NW corner of Alabama and Twenty-sixtU
streets, N 20 by W 100; $3300.
William Schendel to Rebecca Scpendel. lot
en W line of Chattanoosra street. 104 S of
Twenty-second, S 26 by W 125: "ift.
Julia Epstein (wife of Emanuel) to Charles
A and Edna •¦ A. Dickman, lot on S line of
Duncan street. 130 W of Sanchez, W 30 by
S 114; JflO.
Fred J. and Emma Baumel to John and
Annie O'Connell, lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street. 305 W of Noe, W 25 by N Hi;
|10.
Estate of Amanda B. Howard or Amanda
E. Howard (by E. B. Mayer, administrator) to
Mrs. C Wledner, lot on S line of Duncan
street 203:7 W of Diamond, W 50:10 by S
114; $200.
• Alice M. E. Wljmot Eva and Charles F.
Scott and Edmund. E. Scott to Merchants" Ice
and Cold Storage Company, lot on N line of
Greenwich street, 91 :S W of Sansome, W 45:10
by N 68:0; $20.
John Betkowsky or Betkowski to Paul J. Stu
parlch lot on NW corner of Hyde and Allen
streets. N 30 by W 60; $10. ,„„,,„
Mariana Bertola to Board of Relief of Grand
Parlor N D.'G W., lot on W line of ' Hyde
street. 112:6 N of California, N 25 by,W 112:6;
110 ' ¦ . ¦¦¦'¦'¦
Thomas W. and Emma W. Butcher to George
Hammersmith, lot on N corner of Bryant street
and Stanley place, -NE S7:6 by NW 100; $10.
- Wlnloek or Winlock W. and Pendleton Miller
to Gustave C. Lindnuer. lot on SE line of Fol
gom street. 312:6 SW of Fourth. SW 100. SE
165 NE 93, NW 75, NE 7, NW 00; also lot on
SE line of Shipley street, 275 SW.of Fourth,
SW 137:6 by.SE 75; $10. " A
Edward : Adams to Ott6 E. and . Emma C.
Son!, lot on E line of Vermont street, 100 S ot
Twenty-second. S 25 by E 100; $10.
George S. and Ellen A. Fife to Margaret A.
Glmj: (wife of John B.), lot on E line of Sixth
The case of the United States against
William and John Rushing on a charge
of cutting timber on Government land was
dismissed yesterday ir» the United States
District Court on motion of United Statc3
District Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth.
The reason assigned for the dismissal waa
that the defendants gave valuable evi
dence in favor of the Government in the
«-ivil suit brought by the United States
against them and Alfred Hiatt for the re
covery of damages for the value of the
timber cut by them. In that suit judg
ment was rendered in favor of the Gov
ernment in the sum of $1700, which
amount Hiatt paid into court.
Timber Cutters Released.
Warehouse Demurrer Overruled.
Judge Beatty In tho United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday overruled the de
murrer In the cases ot the American Na
tional Bank of San Francisco against
Henry Wad* worth as receiver of the Pa
cific Warehouse Company, and the Na
tional Bank of Monterey against tho
same, and the cases will go to trial.
The Board of Education decided yester
day to appoint at once the last ten teach
ers remaining on the eligible list of thirty
who stood highest In the recent competi
tive examination to the substitute list of
the Public School Department,
It was at first thought necessary to ap
point only five, but as several vacancies
have occurred by resignation of teachers
the board found it Imperative to select
ten. This will exhaust the eligible list
of thirty and the board will be shortly
compelled to draw on the list of teachers
.who stood next in order in the examina
tion. President Woodward Is of the opin
ion that this will not be necessary until
next January. The ten teachers who will
be put upon the substitute list at onca
are; James Qavin Telfer, Mabel O. Ben
jamin. Josephine M. Hopkins. Marie d'Er
lich, Joanna M. Mullens, Josephine White.
Alice Louise Marsh. Mary Cahlll^ Caro
lyn E. Hortop and Kathryn Parker.
The ten eligibles who may hope for ap
pointment Into the department at least
by next January are: Gertrude R. Nor
ton. Katharine T. Moore, J. A. Imrie,
Bertha Klaus. Evangeline Adams. Nellie
T. O'Connor, Robert A. Lee, Annie King,
Edith M. Lapham and Agnes K. Fahey.
President Woodward is authority for
the statement that the board does not
contemplate the holding of another com
petitive examinaion for positions in the
department for at least two years. With
the appointment of the ten teachers
named the department will be well sup
plied with instructors and there Is still
a list to draw on of more than $ hun
dred teacher* who were successful at the
last examination bat were not high enough
in percentage to be placed on the first
list of thirty ellglbles, all of whom have
now been placed in the department, many
of them with permanent classes.
Mr. Vivanti Is considered the greatest
authority on the silk industry In this
country and he has read papers on this
subject before many of the commercial
bodies of the Eastern States.
The reeling off of the silk can only be done
by women — and these women must have- very
light hands and it takes years of experience
before they become thoroughly competent. The
only women who have lone. light hands with
tapering fingers are Japanese, Chinese and Ital
ian women. Colored women would be unable
to do thts reeling because their hands would
be much too heavy. For men to do this work
is out of the question.
These Japanese. Chinese and Italian women
reel the silk from the cocoons In a steam room
from twelve to fourteen hours a day for 23
cents. Although this 1% most skilled labor It
Is a peculiar thins that the women get a mere
pittance for their work. Negro men or wo
men down South would iwt work for 23 cents
a day and so they would be unable to compete
with either the Japanese, Chinese or Italian
silk producers.
Mr. Vivanti. in discussing the subject
yesterday, advanced many arguments
supporting his contention that the silk
raising industry cannot be a success in
America. He said:
I learned the industry of producing silk In
Italy when I was a boy. There are only four
countries where silk can be produced at a profit,
and those are Italy, France, China and Japan.
It has been tried In Australia, Ceylon and even
California, and In all these cases it was found
that It was a matter of no difficulty to raise
the worms and even get cocoons, _ but when it
came to reeling- the silk off failure resulted. In
California they had an experienced Italian to
look after the silk worm farm, but It was a
failure. \ .
. Among the arrivals at the. Palace yes
terday from the Orient Is Frank A. Vi
vanti-of New; York, one of the largest
raw silk importers In the world. He ridi
cules the idea of Secretary Wilson of the
Agricultural Department that the silk in
dustry can be profitably prosecuted by
the colored people of the Southern States,
and says that the whole plan is imprac
ticable.'
Secretary Wilson recently sent out com
munications all over the United States
explaining that the department at Wash
ington, would furnish any one desirous of
entering into the silk raising industry silk
worm eggs and young mulberry trees.
Two experienced French operators of reel
ing machines were brought to Washing
ton to teach the operation of these ma
chines.
Secretary Wilson's Plans Are
. Ridiculed by Frank
A. Vivanti.
Will Soon Draw on Remain*
der of Successful Ones
in Examination.
School Board Exhausts
the List of Thirty
Eligibles. ;
Expert Says Silk Indus
try Is Impracticable
in the South.
NEGROES' HANDS
ARE TOO HEAVY
APPOINTS TEN
MORE TEACHERS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 25, 1903.
13
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given away FBEE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if .framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
OCEAN TRAVEL.
v*TF~r : \ Steamers 1s*t» Baa Fraa.
/\U3tM\ d»co a* follows:
x*^ For Ketchlkaa. Jua**o.
jWTOIgMlte. \j\ H—nes. 8ka~ay, etc.. Alaa-
I I \vL5?a I I ka— 11 a. m.. August 4, 9.
I I \\3S5Ea/ j 14. 19, 14. 29, Sept. 3.
W\ \\ " yo'f Change to company's steaxa-
VS*OL:^^y «rs at Seattle*.
For Victoria. Vanoonrsr.
=-" Port TownsewJ, Seattle. Ta-
eoma, Everett, Whateom— .„ ,*. m.. August 4.
• 14. 18. 24. 29. Sept. 3. Chang* at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska aad O.
N. Ry. : at Seattle for Taooma ta N. P. By.;
at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. xn.. August 2. 8. K , *0. *KB*g. I; Coroaa.
1:30 p. m., August B. 11, 17. 23. 2&. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los An«el«s and
Redondo). Ban Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, » a. m.
Statatot California. Thursdays . ft _ m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ka*t
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayuooa, Port Harfort
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenem*.
Coos Bay. » a- n».. August 3. 13, 21. 23,
Sept. 8.
Bonita, 9 a. m .. Aug. IT. W. Sept. X V'
For Knsenada, Magdalen* Bay. San Jttmm del
Cabo. MasatUn. Altata. La Pks. Santa Bo-
salla. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m>. 7_ at «»cJ»
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OF7ICSS— -4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aa 4
Broadway wharf. .
Freight office. 1O Market street.
C D. Dinf ANN. General Passenger Agent.
¦ 10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
O. /?. & TV. CO,
"Columbia" sails Ang. 21. 31. "Geor** W '.
Elder" calls Aug. 18, 23. Only steamship Iln«
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets- tnclud*
berth and meals. Steamer sail* foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Paja.
Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LIME.
SEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LOXDO*.
Phite...S*pt. 2. in aml.V. York. Sept Id. t» am
St.Lnuls.Sept. 8. 10 ami Phila. .Seot. 2Tt. H> am
ATLANTIC TBABSPQXX LINE.
New York— London Direct. ¦
Min'ha..Sept. 5. 4 pm/M!n*tka.Sept. 1!). 4 pm
Mesaba.Sept. 12. !> ami Mtnaphi.Sept. 26, 9 am
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
DOMX~XO— XJJSTB.
Boitos — Queensto— n — Liverpool.
'New England.. Sept. SI New England... Oct. 1
Mayflower Sept. , 10 1 Mayflower Oet. 1
Commonwealth. Sept.2-» |Cnlumhus <new> Oct. S
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Sept. 5f Canada Sept. 23
Southwark ....3«pt. 12 Kensinoion Oct. t
Boston Mediterranean **?**
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES-GENOA.
Csmbromaa..... Sat. Sept. 19. Oct. 31. Dec. 12
Vancouver. Sat. Oct. 1ft. Nov. 21
HOLLAND AMEKICA Z.JJTE.
XTew ~ork — Rotterdam, vl» Boulotiffne.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. in.
Rotterdam ....Sept. 2|Statendazn ?<»pt. l<t»
Potsdam Sept. 9 1 Byndam ...... S«pt. Zt
BSD STAB LINE.
Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zeeland...Sept. 5.10 amj VadTml.Sppt.19, 10 am
Flnland-Sept. 12. 10 am! Kroonlnd.Spt.2tt, 10 am
W— JCTE STAR LUTE.
~ew York— Queen stow n — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. Sept. 2. noon Germanic. Sept. 9, noon
Arabic. .Sept. 4. 4 pm Cedric. .Sept. 11. S im
Armentan.Sept. 8, 7 am Majestic. Sept. ltf. noon
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Pacific
Coast. 21 Post St., San Francisco.
TOYO KISJLN KAISHA,
/ (ORIENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO. »
Steamers wilt tears wharf, cornet First an-t
Braonan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG. calUns at Kobe <Hlo*o>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and conaeottag at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Ifo
cargo received on board en day of t* fling.
B. S AMERICA MARU
.............. .Wednesday. August Ml ttO3
B. 8. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September la. XM3
8. 8. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round- trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A— E»T. O«~rml Agtmt
g. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydnay. Thursday, Aug. 87 2 p. m.
E. a ALAMEDA. tar Honolulu. Sept. 3, U a.tn.
S S. MAR1PO8A. for Tahiti. Sept. 20, 11 «. m.
U.SPUCXaStn».Cl.lg(s..TUit3fl_.l4]|iitiQ|
frJ#tflfficO23rirtrtJl.fhfIx7.r_ftJL
C0MPASX1B GE3S2JUE TBAJSATLINTIQIJIL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRB-PARI& rttm*
falling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, •¦aaHaS:
North River, foot of Morton stra«tr
First-class to Havre. 170 and upward. 8«o-
end-clasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED 8TATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. T. FUOAZI A CO.. Paclao Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcksts sold by alt Railroad Ticket Ainntm.
Mare Zslmad and Vallajo 3ta*mtxs.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
»:45 a. m.. 8:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Bunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav* Vallejo.
1 a. nx. 12:30 noon. 9 Pv ~-. mx. Sunday. Sun-
day. Ta.- m ., 4:13 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1503. Pier 2. Miaaion-it. dock. BATCH
BROS.
MISCELIiANEOCS FOR SALE— -Con.
A— Fln« suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Ml«flt Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open u>*0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— *3 60 DERBY and f eUora hats, $1~75. Pop-
ular Fric« Hatters. S3O Kearny St., near
Pine; open till S p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery. « n *
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-2S5 Spear st.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood arid iron working machinery, bought^
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13O-132 Beale.
TRY our men's shoes at fl and fl 50 pair;
foot-form ehocF at $2 CO: we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Ex-ira. bldg. ; catalog free.
A JULKS JUR.GENSEN t>-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth gt.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth at. -
A MARTIN guitar for eale at 10 Sixth Bt. W.
J. HESTHAL. ____
CARPENTERS' and plumbers' tools; large
grinding stone. 953 Howard.
PRIZE Great Dane dog. Arrly Call branch
office, lOUti Valencia st.
SEALSKIN. ?_S quality, rame as new. bust
34 to 86. $S0. 10 Sixth >t.
TWO 50-gallon copper caMr-or.?. 1760 Union
rtrect.
AUTOMOBILE— Olds; 1P33 pattern: Al condl-
tlon; used 6 wwk«; *. r i^T>. Apply 203 Larkin.
MOVING pictures, mapio lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard * Hrwk. 131 Post et.
MILES of ripe and fitting*: all sites. -EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture fl!m and tons 6lides. 109
Montgomery Ft. -¦ '.-. .-¦'•
- SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. J22 Market ft.
All bargains camp stools and chairs.hammocks,
metal beds.aisttresaeg.JF.Hotter.712 Mission-
Edison ~phono»rraphs. records. Fupplles, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigaivpi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE er.plnes'. automobiles and launches,
all Vlzce. J. K. OOAK, 40 Fremont et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAFK CO.. 417-423 Sacramento Bt.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ;all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., UP Mor.tg'y.
A Vl'EEK"S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. <1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants pood second-hand clothing and
theatxtcal goods. 154 9th ml. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick 6^ttlerr.pnt?; no disappointment.
Save «>xjx?r.ses by dealing directly.
Estate*, necond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, a*£i~iments of rent*, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatnu-nt. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mon*y
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin J*wWry Store. 846
Market «*.; __. Main 1644. Branch, 1!« Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried r^ple. retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-holism, without
security; e&ry payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 5.7$ Parrott bldg. |
A- — 1 p*f cent on furniture or piano;no removal;
' no comiKiailon; no publicity; ff25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. i!« Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Pav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to ealarled
peop^ on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 148 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; goM, silver,
diairond*. x-^arls and precious, etones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per rent on furniture: $5 a montt. on each
$1000; any eecurity. 3u2 Montgomery, fm. 16.
3^ ON furniture &. plant*; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room hi. tf Eddy St.. floor 4.
A IX loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
roo. S. F. Collateral Loan Hank. 538 Kearny. j
STAR Loan Oa. cf Wyoming loans money to j
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. .
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
mdorser. MQRRKLL. 001* Examiner bMg.
MISICA— INSTRUMENTS.
ATIONO OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Clrtckerinsf J15«, $185. $233]
I Flutter; u^ripht. *«J3 I
1 Jewett: mahogany, new $1W) ,
1 Schaffer; mahogany; new 1183 i
2 Emerson fW5, $215
8 Stfinway II s5 . $215
3 Heine $235 to *3:»3
25 »qua— s $13 to $170
7 organs ?10- to $73
Rents $2 up allom-ed on purchase; Install- ,
nifcu $4 up; piano players from $90 up; I
ntw pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO., JT.5-237 G^ary St., agents for the Gab-
ler. Krell, Street, etc.
A HMALTS walnut Emerson upright, absolutely .
like new, $13o. 237 Oeary et.
fcTEINWAY upright, left by private party, j
(HiZi: a. *rreat bargain. 2S7 Geary gt. < j
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, comprls- j
ir.g such makes as Cliickering. Jacofcson, j
Vose, Sterling, Knabe, Fischer, Schwechten,
Weser, Sehuman and others ; easy payments.
BKNJ. CURTAZ «.- RON. 1C O'Karrell St.; no
branches in Kan Franclfeco.
WK have a few enaX'S this week that are i
very teimAIng and we can save you big f
money on a good piano; come *arly. THE i
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7CU Market.
PERS01TAL9-— Continued.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
SUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaus &. Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles halrdressing, 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing. 25c. Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
»lectric needle. Dr.AMrs.Traverse,1170 Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with 61ec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY.
MME. ZILLAH. scientific palmist and card
reader; 25 years' experience; late of New
Zealand 1 and Australia. 523A Pout st.
MY offer to answer 3 questions closes Sept. 1;
full readings $1. MME. DEVAS. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor at., near Oeary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERHANCING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel.Maln 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SUIltiEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
_1021*4 Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human .body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny front room, furnished
housekpg.. $12: other room. $10; gas ranges.
KEARNY, 104— Sunny unfurnished suite. $20;
ywly papered; no children.
MCALLISTER. 535— Nicely furnished suite; gas
range, hot bath, laundry: adults; $7 to $14.
MISSION, 1063 — Front suite complete for
housekeeping; other rooms $1 60 up week.
SOUTH PARK. 84— 1 or 2 rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house; nicely furn.;
$5~$12; front: phone, gas. bath, sunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of'ce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlcns has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, locat«»d on the north aide of
Pin* et., between Hyde and Leavenworth: a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all tho comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of lar^e
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitohen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and aorcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. a\nd Unfnrn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency.
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FP.EE. . FREE.
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House, US Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
fl 50 to $10 wefk; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modem; 4-3
room apartment*; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 142C Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELiDY. 210 — Beautiful bark parlor for 2 gen-
tleman: separate beds: running water.
ELLIS. 1!X>9. near Scott — Large furnished room
for gentlemen, $8.
FOLSOM, 770 1 i — Neatly furnished room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
OKAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to Jl 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1203. near Twenty-fourth— Four
unfurniBhed rooms; $15.
HAYES, 373— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; private family, -
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
CO Gfeary st.; phone Bush SSO.
Centrally locate! fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOFF ave., 75 — 2 or 3 large ninny well fur-
nished rooms; private family; bath and
kitchen; warm belt of Mission.
HYDE. 810, near Sutter— A large furnished
room. - ~"\ (
MASON. 217 — Two nicely furnished rooms;
board optional. '
OTARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices- elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
BAND lr.FtrumentF; F. Beston, Part*, maker.
Gus Maiwald, Agt. Pac. Coast, 27fe O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
A NEW piano for ea.!e cheap. Apply 561
G«ary »t.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con- '
<iltlon. SCTOMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage planoe snd furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage, 1C3G Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pcfial Bteinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.i»5 O'Farrcll.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per !
cent. HORNUNG. 210 McAllister ft. '.
ICOHLER 4 CIIASE. 30 OTarrell St.; largest
and oldest Eiano bouse. I
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month. ;
SCOTT-CURTAZ-TIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy planoe, Ceclllan piano |
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers, old and new. H.
MULLEn. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA fcPUECKELS building, 027 Market st.—
Office to let; rent $15; light, heat, Janitor and
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
PERSONALS.
A^-FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yeiiow and flabby skin, birthmarks. |
smallpox pittlBES and scars »clenUncally re-
tnoved without cutting. massaRe, electricity or
nt-dlclces; *pecial demonstrations this week.
CaU or writ* DK- L- WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
TI»F Etar Hair Remedy restores pray hair. Im-
proves Its growth ".stops falling ;cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no staliv or stickiness;
,>snMi 6 ca!p;at druggists'. halrdreawerB ;ac-
no substitute. Star ReroedyCo..385G<ary.
WANTED- 777 ladles with scalp diseases; leas
%A hair and premature grayness prevented.
<Can treat by n.ail. Cl«»k» for stamp.) Con-
sultation fr<i. 8:S0.to 6; Sundays. 10 to 12.
1-rfff. -Gt:o. A. CARLOW. Specialist, room
218. «07 Market st."
TO whoiri it may concern— I will not be re-
eponetble for any debts contracted by my wife
from this date. August 25. 1903. EDWIN H.
HELCHER.
NOT how cheap, but how gooc\ Is the motto ot
th* manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agtst. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' rxperience. cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Centra! Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter tt.; fee moderate.
DRINK Cahfarin. the best cereal coffee on
earth, rich tn flavor, absolutely pure and
nourishing; composed entirely of superior
grains and figs. . '
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, . Saturday and
Sunday evening* at Teutania Hall, Howard
st., w-ir Nii.th; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
THE bUrbest price paid for ladies' or gents'
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Ellis st. '
ELEGANT suits on easy Install— ipnts; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ERINQ your goods; will make tailored ehlrt
waist, Jl. Tbe r-ebioo, 112» Market, bet.7&3
THIRTEENTH, 280, bet. Mission and Howard
—To let; nice sunny furnlched front room in
a modern flat, with or without board.
UNITED STATES. 123 Edgy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night:
$1 78 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room ; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d si., near Market —
Mcst convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; bacrgage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22O0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subfcriptlons has been established at 1008
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD. ~~
AMOT THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Etrtctly first -class famll/ hotel; sunny rooms,
•uit* or single: billiards: steam heat.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California St. — At-
tractive and rightly rooms; beet table and
service; lowest rates.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3o75, near Guerrero— Fur-
nished rooms, with board; also double par-
lors; home cooking. I
HAYES. 671— Nice front room, with board,
for gentleman; private family; reasonable.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; low rate.
H27 Mission St. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles'. Chlcheiter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
rtamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies,"
In letter by return mail. A»k your druggist.
Chtchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SpE^ IA^ I g- ai .^
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
rr.cnt free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGU AM) WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co., Of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIVS storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 833 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllraore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTKIUXG AND STAMMEJii.VO.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPE WRITERS
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEVV'RlTERS^'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAIO typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
PROFOSALS.
¦'.. i -i , . -i ¦..
PROPOSALfr^-Blda . wanted. '• Noties Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by ths board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13, 320
Sansoms st.. 8an Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
m on Saturday, August 29, 1903, for furnish-
ing and delivering the materials and furnish-
ings for the new hospital at/the Veterans'
Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
Yountvllle. >; Specifications for above may be
seen and examined at the office of th* board
of directors between the hours of 0 a. m. and
6 p. m each week day. Money for payment
en contracts will be available immediately
after January 1. 1804. Preference will be
given- to goods manufactured In this state,
price, fiiness and quality being equal, under
th« provisions of Section. 3247 of the Political
Code. The board reserves th« right to reject
any ' or all bids and to order any quantity
over or under the amount specified. Address
JOHN F. HHEBHAN.- 8tw»ts»y-el th* Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS. 120 Sansome et., San Fran-
eiaco. Cal. By order of. the board of directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau ot
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, Sep-
tember 15, 1B03, and publicly opened immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of electrical ma-
terial, bolts and nuts, ,felt. sand, hair, lino-
leum, wood screws, locks, . hardware, rails
and spikes, piles, redwood, steel, zinc, gas-
kets, biscuit, cocoa, roast beef, ham, corned
beef, peas, bacon, pickles, macaroni, vinegar,
lard, mustard, sirup, salt, pepper, tea, evapo-
rated cream, machine tools, a steel traveling
tower and overhead tramway, and extending
wharf at Naval Training Station. Blank,pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco. Car., or
to the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymas-
ter General U. S. N. 8-15-03
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 22, 1903.—.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. September
22 1903, and then opened for furnishing and
erecting a 80,000 gallon tank on 50-foot tres-
tle, and for removing and re-ertctlng a
30,000 gallon tank, at Benicia Barracks.
Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to C. A. DEVOL. Quartermaster, Chief Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 27, 1903— Sealed
proposals, m triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock, a. m., August 27, 1003, and
then opened for filling ravine and laying
drain at the Presidio of San Francisco. Cai.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any cr all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to J.
McE. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
~~w ¦ : 1 " 7"
_The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : •
Leon L. Bories, 38. 1273 McAllister street,
and Rosa Danielewicz, 27, 13*2 McAllister st.
Oscar G. Berge, 26, 28% Clay street, and
Anna R. Udd. 21. 217 Sixths venue.
August L J. Knops, 21. S71 Shotwell street,
and Lizzie Blebert,.22, (ilHA Lombard street.
Howard G. Patterson. 25, Fresno, and Jen-
nie Beardsley. 30. Fresno.
Edward Stedentop, 5S, 33 Zoe street, and
Carry Bergman, 51. 53« Kearny ttreet.
Claude Van Marter, 21. city, and Selena C.
Leeocq. 19, city.
William J. Munro, 26. 208 Turk street, and
Annie MacRae. 2i>. 208 Turk street.
Charles M. Duffley, 25, 410 Post street, and
! Ir*ne B. Ward, is, 2412 Clay street.
Joseph A Pealy, 21, '-10 Bush street, and
Katherine C. Hefferman. 18. 1310 Mission st.
Hugh J. Caveney, 21. W£ Folsom street, and
Mary E. McCarthy, IS, 1015 Folsom street.
Merrltt O. Adams. -'7, Petaluma. and Lena
Kennle, 25, Red Bluff.
Clement Winslanley. 53, 2531 Lombard
I street, and Ann A. E. Nixon. 30, 1519 Broad-
I way.
Charles E. Parker, 21. < 154 Tehama street,
and Hazel Kneass. 20, 1209 Folsim street.
Edward I. Hanson. 24. Washington, Cal.,
and Mareuerlte Larkin. 21, Washington. Cal.
Algot Johnson, 27, 1S17 Diamond street, ana
I Olga Swenson, 25. 72 Sycamore avenue.
I Gust Jf.hnj'CLn, 30, 75 South Park, and Sophie
) Brands, 23, '75 South Pork.
John If. Gotte. 20, Oakland, and Jennie E. j
Blaker, 22, Oakland.
Leon M. Donibue. 21. 253 Scott street, and
Mary J. McDovltt. IS, 924 Page street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-^-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage nnd death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They mu6t be handed
j In at either of ilw onbUcallon offices and be
j indorsed with the nam» nnd residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EASTON— In this city. August 17. 1903, to the
wife of D. .A. . Easton. a «pn.
EMERY — In tht3 city. August 2;t. 1903, to the
wife of James B. Emery, a daughter.
FREUDENTHAL— In this city. August 20.
lOC'l. to the wife. of Felix Freurtenthal. a son.
LIEUES— In this city, August 21, 1903. to the
wife of Sidney Llebes, a «on.
McMENOMY— In this city, August 23, 1903, to
the wife of M. J. McMenomy, a son.
NORTON — In this city, August 23. 1903, to
the wife of Loe Norton, a daughter.
SOLLOM— In Mill Valley. August 22, 1903, to
the wife of Cuthbert J. Sollom. a daughter.
j MARRIED.
! ARCHER— KINGSLEY— In this city. August
22, 1903. by the Rev. F. M. Larkin, Davia
J. Archer and Edith A. KIngsley, both of
San FrarrtMsco.
DALE— SMITH— In this city. August 24, 1C03, I
by the Rev.' Dr. Wills. Frank Dale of Den-
ver. Colo., and Margaret Smith of San Fran-
cisco.
DONEY— TKUDGEN— In Berkeley. Cal., Au-
! gust 10, 1903. by the Rev. M. D. Buck. John
E. Doney and Sarah L. Trudgen, both of San
Francisco.
FLOOD — TURNER— In Oakland. August 24.
1903, by Deputy County Assessor William N.
Van de Mark. James Flood and Martha M.
Turner, both of Oakland.
MOULTON— MOULTON— In this city, August
22, 1003, by the Rev. John Stephens. Austin
Q. Moulton and Annette A. Moulton, both
of San Francisco.
RICHERT— KLAUENBERG-^In.thls city. Au-
gust 23, l!»03, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Joseph Rlchert and Helcne Klanenberg.
„ _IE_7~
Anderson; Clara Hooton, Joseph
Brigham, Dr. C. B. Kerrigan, El.zabeth
Cagney, Mamie Kobter, Henry
Carpenter, Lydia Lloyd, Charlta R.
Dyar, John O. Lorenzen. Henry D.
Erlenwein. Dorathea Mans.,, Bernard F.
Gasper, Geonje F. Porter, Ann C.
Gtary. Edward D. Schubert, Erntst C.
Goldsmith. Alice Stoaker, Mrs. Sarah
Granger. Annie S'vagr, Frederick E.*
. Grr\nt. Caroline A. Taylor. Sarah C.
Grcely, Cyral Willmott. Samuel C.
Hannan, Mary E. Wilson, Annie
Healy. Charlotte Wilson, John C.
ANDERSON- In this city, August 23, 190S,
Clara, beloved wife ot Albin Anderson, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass.. aced 20 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, August 25, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRIGHAM— lit this city, August 24, 1903, Dr.
' Charles Brooks Brigham. a native of Boston.
£3" Funeral services private,
CARPENTER— In this city, August 24, 1903
Lydla Oh roenter. beloved wife of Dr. F. O.
Carpenter, and daughter of Johanna and
Leonard Arnet, a native of Richfield, Wis ,
aged 20 years 4 months and 2 days.
CAGNEY— In this city, August 22, 1003,
Mamie, beloved daughter of the late Timothy
J. and Kate Cagney, and sister of the late
Martin CagJiey, a native of San Francisco.
CT'Frienrfs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
*S>£ her aunt, Mrs. R. Harlock, 245 Shipley
1 street, thence to St.* Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reucse of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DYAR — In San Rafael, August 24, 1903, John
Os?00d Dyar, beloved husband of Marietta
Dyar, and brothtr of P. M. Dyar of . On-
tario, Cal., and Mrs. J. M. Turner of Mas-
sachusetts, a native of Phillips, Me., aged 5d
years.
[C~NoUc«5 of funeral hereafter. :C : \ : *
ERLENWEIN— In Alameda, August 24, 1903,
Dorathea, wife of John Erlenwein and
i mother of Mrs. Ernestine Rea. Mrs. Louise
Sllverthorn and John Erlenwein Jr., a native
- of Darmstadt, Germany, aged 75 years l>
months and 4 days.
ETFuneral and interment private.
GASPER— In Jhis city, August 24, 1903, George
Francis Gasper, beloved husband of the late
Lucy Uaaptr. father of Lulu, Ida. Frank,
Jessie and Eva Gasper, and brother .of Wil-
liam. Harry and Charles Gasper and the
late Mr*. B. Ceidey and Mrs. H. Belton, a
native of San Francisco, used 45 years.
(Biabee, Ariz., and Sacramento papers pleaee
copy.)
CTRemains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 860 Mission street, near Fifth.
GEARY— In this city. August 22. l»03/ Ed-
ward D., dearly beloved son of Edward F
and Catherine J. Geary, "and beloved brother
of Joscuh, ; William and Mamie Geary a
native of Chicago, aged 16 years 1 month
and 12 days. ¦ , -
(E~Friends andi acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the "funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock,- from his late resi-
dence, 2128 . Stockton street, thence to St.
Francis Church. Vallejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue, where a requiem. high niabs
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
CrOES Cemetery. ,
F. J. Monahan. President. .
, MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
REAL ESTATTE ! CITT— -FOR ; SAXB.
CALIFORNIA ST.. RESIDENCE. .
PRICE. $4200. ,
VERY good 2-etory and basement- residence,
containing 6 rooms and bath ariti 2 rooms in
basement for servants; concrete coping in
front of house and concrete stairs leading to
front door; solid oak vestibule and oak doors;
fine gas fixtures; good hardware; good plumb-
ing, an especially well built and arranged
house, with fine southern and sunny expos-
ure; basement is plastered and floored; fine
sunny yard; in a coming residence location;
convenient to 3 car lines; artificial stone
sidewalk laid. Mortgage of $2500 for 2 years
at 0 per cent can remain on this property;
therefore this place can be bought to-day fcr
only $1700 cash.
THOMAS* MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents.
5 Montgomery.
$20 MONTHLY pays for a 4 room and bath
cottage and level lot, 25x114; Just been built.
l\i blocks from Misslon-st. cars. OSCAR
HKYMAN. 14 Post st.
2 NEW flats; you can buy them on easy
monthly payments; we are building them in
Richmond, within one block of 4 car lines.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$20 MONTHLY pays for a 4 room and bath
cottage and level lot, 25x114; just been built,
IV- blocks from Mission-st. cars. OSCAR
HEYMAN, 14 Post Bt.
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
•^"^ TO MII _, VALLEY ON SUNDAY
And see the splendid lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms 10 per
cent cash, balance $10 monthly; large lots,
C0xl25 The new electric trains are now
running- the best service in the country. You
will have a pleasant outing, and if you buy !
a lot It will prove a very profitable one;
values are bound to increase; agents on the
grounds Sundays. LYON & HOAG. 116
Montgomery st.
$40 000— BRICK; building In the very business
center of Oakland, paying 6 per cent
net; clear of all taxes, insurance and
repairs; under guaranteed lease; prop-
erty cost $65,000. I must sell Imme-
diately. Address Owner, Box 816, Call
office, Oakland. •
STOP PAYING RENT.
$100 down. bal. $20 per month; cottage 5 r.
and b.. on 26th at., half block Castro-st. cars.
$250 down, bal. $20 per month; cottage 0 r.
and b., Sanchez st. Office open on Sunday.
*D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
A BARGAIN-$4250; CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
j on 50 jiODKRX 4-room cottage, bath and
floored basement; large lot; cost $2850: must
be sold at once. SOS Jersey St., one block
west of Castro; owner on premises; termb.
NEAT and attractive Western Addition cot-
tage $4500; terms if desired. THE Me-
CAR'tHY CO.. 646 Market st. :
FINE corner. 75xS0 ft.. Market and Dolores
st For particulars see sign on premises.
POR sale— House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
si<le 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
THFtEE elegant new flats. 6 and 7 rooms.
Church and Seventeenth «ts.
PO1XT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
W^TER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps-, photos, etc. BKLL. 417 Parrott blda~
REAL ESTATE— -Country— For Snle.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent tree. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 618
Market st.
TO let or on shares — Fine stock ranch In Hum-
boldt County. Cal., for a term of yars; lots
of wood and water. M. R. JAGUR. 110
Taylor street.
$2500 BUYS 120-acre ranch, near Yountvllle;
1 house barn, good water; 30 acres vines.
1 Apply or address Owner, 916 Second St.,
Napa.
WANTED— To rent or lease 10 to 100 acres;
comfortable house; beet of reference. Box
1069, Call.
FOR sale — Best fruit farm in best county
(Sonoma); bargain. R. MOORE, Kenwood,
Cal.
ALAMEDA ''ADVERTISEMENTS,
j ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room ccttajfe and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Gr. nd 14R1. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
CHENEY & BERltY.
UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS TRACT, AD-
JOINING UNIVERSITY GROUNDS. COM-
MANDING FINE VIEW OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO BAY; ACRE LOTS IN THIS TRACT
FOR SALE AT $100.
$1500 — Fine acre lot. North Berkeley.
$600 — Lots on Parker st.; street work dope; !
half block from Grove-st. car line.
$2000—6 rooms and bath; lot 00x120; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$3500 — 7- room house; barn; large lot; on street
car line: exceptionally easy terma to re-
sponsible party.
$1550 cas!> — 5-room house, near College ave.;
lot 40x120.
40 lot« — 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
high school; $400 to $600 each.
CHENEY i^BERHY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
n»w 2-stoiyy 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, • gas,
electric lights, etc., on an Improved street,
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
ly Installments; whole price $3500.
! JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
FINE, new, handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1550
to $1600; only $200 cash, balan:* $10 CU per
month.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin station, or f
C. CEMSLIE. Ashby ttatlon.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. -
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CAPITALISTS, attention — A building site you !
. might seek for ages and never flnd its equal;
Corner Seventeenth ave. and Eighteenth St., ;
opposite Independence Park, East Oakland;
lot 150x140; from Its apex, easy of access, the
surrounding bills, valleys and waters form
one grand panorama; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; the right party desiring to build.
Inducements will be offered. 455 Seventh st.
Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
Land Owner.
BARGAIN. ~~~
Positively the most elegant improved grounds
in Alameda County; fine 9-room residence
and barn; lot 00x150; on the west side of
Telegraph ave. v
BERKELEY.
A 4-room cottage on a large lot, 80x150. This
Is a snap st $1250.
M. L. WURTS 17th st. and Broadway.
$40.000- i -BRICK building in the very business
center of Oakland, paying 6 per cent net;.
clear of all taxes, Insurance and repairs;
under guaranteed lease; property cost $65,-
000. I must sell Immediately. Address
Owner, box 816. Call office. Oakland.
LOOK AT THIS — $2650 only for a fine home of
7 rooms and bath; better than new; lot 60s
127; all street work done and cement walk
around tho hou»e. etc. Apply to P. C. L.AS-
SEN & CO.. 460 10th Bt.. Oakland. Cal.
HOUSE 8 rooms, etc.: modern; S57 37th st.,
near Syndicate bank and station; a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Addrtss
Buil'er. 631 60th et.. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN — Only $1000 for a line 5-room cot-
tage in East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
46B Tenth st., Oakland. ¦
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rura' homes.
OAKLAND FURXISHED FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnished flat, and lower flat
partly furnished, for adults. 541 10th st..
Oakland. ' ¦ . •
OAKLA.\D'FURS1TIDREFOR SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas, Ilth st.,cor. store.Oaklnd
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our heartfelt thanks
to our many friends for their kindness and
sympathy In our late bereavement. »
ANDREW MOCKER and Daughter.
GOLDSMITH— In this city, August 24. 1803.
Alice, wife of E. S. Goldsmith, a native of j
Hamilton, Nev. " / '• • ¦' ;
GRANGER— In this city. August 24. .1903,
Annie araagtr. a native of Ireland, -agea
60 years. ;¦•-¦ • _ . ,
ICTRemalns at. the parlor* of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
GRANT— In Alameda. August 22. 1903. Caro-
lina A. Grant, widow, ot tbe late Franklin
Grant, and beloved mother of Mrs. WMIa™
H. Baurhyte, a native of Maine, in her 7Jd
year. • „«-«
ETServtces will be b«ld at her home. 2930
Central avenue, Alameda, Tuesday,* August
25, at 1:30 o'clock. Interment private, Moun-
' tain View Cemetery.
GREELY— In this city. August 23, 1903, Cyral.
darling little son of Mark A. and Belle
Grecly, and brother of Urban Greely, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 1S»
days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents
residence: 341 Twentieth avenue, near Point
Lobca avenue. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. -? ~ . . ... ..,..»
HANNAN— In Oakland, August 23. 190S. Mary
E., beloved wife of Charles S. Hannan. and
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Moran. a native of California, aged 32 years
10 -months and 18 days.
tt~Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 509 Thirteenth street,
thence to the Church of the Immaculate
Conception, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repess of her
floul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
HEALY— In this city, August 23, 1903. Char-
lotte Healy, dearly beloved daughter of Ter-
rence and the late Elizabeth Healy, and bs-
loved sister of Mrs. Harry Anlxter and Flor-
ence Healy, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years 2 months and 1 day.
HOOTON— In this city, August 24. 1903, Jo-
seph Hooton, a native of England, aged 55
years.
IT^Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Theo. Dierks, 057 Mission
8tre»t, and thence by train leaving Third and
Townsend ctreets at 2:30 o'clock to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
KERRIGAN— In this city, August 23. W03,
Elizabeth Kerrigan, beloved sister of Kate
Kerrigan and Mrs. Mary Liahey. a native
of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged (}4 years.
(New Orleans and Alexandria, La., papers
please copy.)
ETKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Theo. Dierks, 057 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crojs Cemetery.
KOSTER— In this city, August 24. 1003. at
his residence. 607 Powell street. Henry, be-
loved husband of Lena Koster, father of
Anna M.. Frances M. and Irma F. Koster.
and brother of Herman Koster and Albert
Koster of New York, a native of Germany,
aged 50 years 10 months and 1 day.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. P.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
LLOYD — At seo, August 6, 1903. on board
steamship Korea, Charles Rees Lloyd, aged
5S yearn.
E/'Funeral services Wednesday. August
26. 1W>3, at 3 o'clock, at St. Mark's Church.
Berkeley. Interment private.
LORENZEN— In this city. August 23. 1903.
Henry D. Lorenzen, beloved father of Jeanne
Cheignon, Henry, Carl and Jules Lorenzen,
aged ttl years.
MAASS— In this city, August 24, 1003, Ber-
nard Friedrich Mans-*, beloved and only child
of Bernard and Julia jMaase. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and
18 days.
PORTER— In Ocean View, August 22, 1903,
Ann Craig Porter, wife of the late Davtd
Porter, and mother of Mrs. George Altchi-
eon. David K. Porter, Mrs. David Donald
and the late Agnes Porter, a native of For-
fer, Scotland,' aged 68 years. ¦
BL7" Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 143 Victoria street, cprner of
Randolph, Ocean View. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SCHUBERT— In this city, August 23, 1003, at
the family residence, 21C4 Fifteenth street,
Ernest C. beloved huaband of Lydla i E.
Schubert, loving father of Elsie. Lydla,
Ruth, Minette and Grace Schubert and the
late Constance Schubert, son of Emile and
the late Charles Schubert, and brother of
Paul F. Schubert, a native of California,
aged 4ii years 1 month and 23 days.
CyFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 21G4 Fifteenth street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
STOAKER — Near San Leandro, August- 23.
1U03. Mr*. Sarah A., beloved wife of B. F.
Stoaker, and mother of Dr. B. F. Stoaker of
Oakland and Mrs. i Flora Rider of Ban Le-
andro. a native/Df Ohio, aged 79 years.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SWAGG— In this city. August 23, 1903. Fred-
erick E. Swagg, idolized aon of Johana and
the late Frederick Swagg. and beloved
brother - of William and Etta Hopper and
Mrs. Daniel Kelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years S months and 2 days.
CJ'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:."0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 03 Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of hi« soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city, August 21. 1903. at
her residence. 2822 Pine street, Sarah C.,
wife ot the late F. F. Taylor, and mother of
Mrs. Hampton S. Fields and Edward J. and
William F. Tavior. (Sacramento, Cal., pa-
peia please cony.)
Ityintermer-t tuok Dlace In Sacramento.
CaL, Sunday. August 23.
WILLMOTT— In this city. Auguat 24. 1003,
Samuel C, beloved son of Charles and Mary
Wlllmott, and brother of Hawley, Horace,
Arthur and Ethel Wlllmott, Mrs. P. F.
Kohnke, Mrs. E. W. Hill. Mrs. Frank
Fletcher and Mrs. Otto Brown, a native of
California, aged 40 years 1 month and 2
days.
ICFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tu attend the funeral services
Wednesday. August 20, 1000, at 10 o'clock,
at his late residence, 7.19 Guerrero street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city, August 21. l!>03, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson, and sister
of John Keefe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 42 years.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
* thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at U:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme- i
tery.
WILSON— In this city, August 24, 1003. John
C., dearly beloved son of Clarence and Mar-
garet Wilson, and brother of Pearl M. Wil-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 17 days.ANOELS CAMP, Aug. 24.— John Malaspln. a
well-known rancher llvinr two miles from
here., was walking across the dam of the res
ervoir Sunday afternoon, .: when he was taken
with a fainting spell and fell Into the water
and ¦ was drowned before assistance could
reach him. . . .' .
William Leverne. a young man who
chloroformed and robbed Henry Gamache
a carpenter, of $33 while asleep In his"
room at 114 Fourth street on August 19
was convicted by Police Judge Mogan yes
terday on charges of battery and petty
larceny and was sent to the County Jail
for one year. Gamache had befriended
the young man and had paid for his board
and lodging for some weeks.
Robbed His Benefactor.
Mr. William C. Johnson, advertising
manager for the Dr. Miles Medical Com
pany of Elkhart. Ind., accompanied by his
wife, arrived here on the overland yester
day. Mr. Johnson is considered one of
the best advertising men in his line, being
fully conversant with all the details of
the medicine business and accurately
posted as to the relative values of news
papers as advertising media."
The Dr. Miles remedies have been the
center on which have been focused the at
tacks of cut-rate druggists all over the
country. The advertising appropriation
runs close to half a million dollars an
nually and the sales of the various prepa
rations are something, enormous. A large
measure of this success Is due to the con
spicuous ability of Mr. Johnson, who has
for | years directed the advertising cam
paigns. His visit • here is strictly of a
business nature and will extend over sev
eral week*. . . '¦.-..
A Prominent Advertiser Here.
Our reliability and honesty make our custom
em friends. MyseH-Rolllna, 22 Clay, printers. •
cult Company, $10; \V. B. Sumner & Co.. $10:
Sadler & Co.. $10; G. W. Strohl. $10; Scatena
& Co., $10; W. O. Stafford & Co.. $10; H. E
Skinner & Co.. $10; J. E. Thayer, $10; C. L
Tallant. $10; E. H. Tryon. $10; Tubbs Cordage
Company. $10; Toplltz & Co., $10; Adolph Uhl
& Bros, $10; O. H. Umbsen, $10; D. N. & E
Walter & Co., $25: Western National Bank'
$25; Willamette Paper and Pulp Co., $25- J
M. Wllkens, $20; Wolf & Sons. $20; C. E. Wor
den & Co.. $20: Wellman. Peck & Co., $10-
Wood Lumber Company. $10; Whitney & Web
eter, $10; C. W. Webber & Co., *1O; Water
house & Price, $10. Total. $28,682.'75.
In addition to the above there are n\i->
merous small subscriptions , ranging in
amount from fifty cents to five dollars,
which to this date , amount to $2238,
making the total sum received from sub
scriptions $30,920 75.
The wheels of justice are grinding slow
ly In the case of Jacob Baumgarten the
young man arrested on the evening of the
Corbett-Jeffries fight by Detective Freel
for selling tickets without a license The
case was assigned to Police Judge Con
lan's court and the defendant obtained
two continuances, the latter expiring yes
terday. 'Judge Conlan on Saturday ad
journed court till October 17, when he
will return from his vacation, and when
Baumgarten's case was called in his court
yesterday 'Judge Cabanlss formally con
tinued It till October 17.
Baumgarten Gets Long Respite.
Give Reception to President.
A reception will bo tendered Mrs. B.
Sturtevant Peet, president of the Wom
an's Christian Temperance Union, from 2
to 5 o'clock this afternoon, at the resi
dence of Mrs. Emma G. Howard. 417 Ash
bury street. Friends of tho temperance
cause are invited.
Ordinary cuts, burns and bruises cured
over night by Koenlsrstein's Red Salve. •
The case of Stephen Otis against John
A. Walls came up for trial before a jury
In Judge Cook's court yesterday after
noon. Otis had put up the coin for jury
fees, but Walls refused, and the Judge
ordered his answer stricken from the rec
ord. The jury was impaneled and un
der instructions of. the Judge brought in
a verdict for the plaintiff, with costs.
Otis and Walls are stockbrokers. In
December, 1896. Walls gave Otis a promis
sory note for $1077 75, which was to bear
interest at 7 per cent. Nothing was paid
in the shape of interest or to reduce the
principal, and on November 28. 1900, Walls
wrote an Indorsement on the back of the
note promising to pay the principal and
interest within sixty days. Repeated de
mands were made upon Walls to fulfill
hi3 promise, but without success, and suit
was entered to recover the amount of
the note and interest from December, 1S96.
His Answer Is Stricken From the
Record and Judgment Given •
for Plaintiff.
DEFENDANT REFUSES TO
PAY FEES FOB JURORS
That the company must commence the con
struction of the work within one year and fully
complete the , same within , five , years from the
passage of this ordinance. .
The right Is Granted to the said railway to
run and use Its cars propelled by steam or
other power along the streets described, and
that If at any time during the term of this
franchise - the city decides that the operation
of ¦ steam locomotives la not desirable within
the city limits that upon written notice of not
leas" than one year to that effect being served
upon the company the company agrees to with,
draw all such steam locomotives and substitute
electricity or some other less objectionable mo
tive power.
And the company further agrees that It shall
not allow any car or locomotive to stand upon
any part of Mariposa street and Sixteenth street
and that no freight shall be received or . dis
charged -from any car on the streets • named,
and the richt to use the streets for yard pur
poses is understood to be absolutely prohibited.
That the company shall lay Its tracks flush
with the streets' wherever same shall have been
graded and accepts the condition provided by
the charter for a common use of Its tracks by
other railroads.
Providing for a grant to the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fo Railway Company of the
right of way and the right to construct and
operate a railroad from a point In Indiana
street,; near Eighteenth street; thence westerly
on a curve .to a point on the center line of
Mariposa ¦ street; thence westerly on a curve
along Mariposa street; thence westerly and
northerly along Mariposa street, crossing Penn
sylvania avenue and. Seventeenth street to a
point, on Seventh street. on a curve; thence
along the southwest side of Seventh street to
a point on- the center line of Sixteenth street
thence along Sixteenth street to the east line
of .Carolina street. Also for a track from a
point on Sixteenth street, near Arkansas street;
thence on a curve along- the northeast side of
Hubbell street to Seventh street.
t The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway system filed a petition with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday for a
franchise for a steam road along por
tions of ¦Seventeenth or Mariposa street,
Seventh street. Sixteenth street and Hub
bell street and upon private property
owned by the company. A form of ordi
nance, embodying the usual conditions
and describing the desired franchise ex
actly, accompanies the petition. The peti
tion was referred -to the Street Commit
tee for investigation and report. The
franchise is Intended to permit of the
connecting of the terminals already pur
chased by the company in the Potrero
with the oil tanks in the vicinity of Sev
enth and Hubbell . streets. The proposed
ordinance lollows:
They will estimate upon the Giant Pow
der Company along with the others, and
if the price to be fixed seems adequate to
the directors of the Giant Company, so
said a prominent official of that corpora
tion last evening, the directors will prob
ably recommend to the stockholders that
their stock be placed in escrow, as the
preliminary step for forming the proposed
combine with millions of capital.
On authority this was denied, but it was
admitted that a. combination may be made
to include all the powder. making compa
nies on this coast if certain conditions
are complied with that will prove to be
satisfactory to the directors and stock
holders of the Giant Powder Company.
All the other powder companies have
practically given their approval to a plan
for combination that was broached some
time ago by. Mr. Dupont, who came from
the East to arrange the preliminaries.
The principal point that seems to con
cern the Giant Powder people is the price
to be placed upon its properties. Wh'en
negotiations were progressing some
months ago the' Giant Powder people were
not prepared to act. It has now been ar
ranged that appraisers shall come to the
Pacific Coast some time in September, for
the purpose of . estimating, the value of
the several powder companies' properties.
A rumor was on the street yesterday
that the Giant Powder Company had
finally agreed to join in a combine with
the other manufacturers of explosives on
the Pacific Coast.
Giant Company Waits
the Coming of East
ern Appraisers.
Santa Pe System Would
Operate Road on Cer
tain Streets.
The following named officers of the ar
tillery corps have been detailed by Gen
eral MacArthur to constitute a court
martial whirh will convene at the Pre
sidio Thursday morning: Captains E. O.
Earratt, Winfield Overton and F. E.
Johnston and lieutenants J. L. Hughes,
Alden Trotter, R. W. Briggs, R. B. Ellis
and Leigh Sy'phcr.
Are Detailed for Court-Martial.
POWDER COMBINE
STILL POSSIBLE
.[¦. K. DENBIGH, who for some
years has been assistant gen-
eral passenger agent In this
' * & city for the Oceanic Steam
ship Company, has Just re
ceived a well-earned promotion — having
been appointed European traffic agent for
the Oceanic Steamship Company, with
headquarters in London. He will leave at
the end of this week for his new post,
accompanied by his wife and family, and
will make his home at the British capital.
Denbigh has been with the Oceanic
Company for eight years and is one of
the best known passenger men on this
coast. He is considered one of the most
capable men In the country. He has a
large acquaintance with the traveling
public and stands high in the esteem of
© •I"I"I"*"«'*»"I**I"I"l"*"I"I"I"I"^"«"«**i*****«*****»*******
FILES PETITION
FOR FRANCHISE
his fellows in the transportation world.
Before entering the service of the Oceanic
Steamship Company he was with Thomas
Cook & Son, both here and in the East.
His experience has been wide and varied
and insures him success In the sphere to
which his promotion will carry him.
By those with whom he has worked
Denbigh Is held in high regard, and his
associates in the passenger department,
while regretting his going away, are re
joicing as much as Denbigh at his eleva
tion to one of the most highly prized posi
tions in the company's service.
No successor has been appointed to fill
the vacancy. caused by Denbigh's promo
tion, but J. B. Duslnbury, recently ar
rived from the company's Sydney office
and now chief clerk at the local passen
ger office, will carry oh the duties Den
bigh relinquishes.
Carried Knockout Drops.
Alan Dale, alias Frank Ballard, a for
mer convict, was convicted by Police
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
having knockout drops In his possession.
He will be sentenced to-day. A charge
of grand larceny against him had to be
dismissed for lack of sufficient evidence.
ASSISTANT GENERAL PASSENGER AGENT OF THE OCEANIC STEAM
SHIP COMPANY WHO HAS BEEN PROMOTED TO BE EUROPEAN
TRAFFIC AGENT WITH HEADQUARTERS IN LONDON.
Dr. Marquis resigned the position of
chief surgeon of the French Hospital two
weeks ago, and the nurses keenly feel his
departure. ,
The gift was to have been presented to
the popular physician in the library of the
French Hospital, but Superintendent
Miquiu, who has shown a strong feeling
of aversion to the doctor, declined to per
mit the use of the room. He suggested,
however, that the nurses might use the
dinln'g-room for the purpose, but the
spokeswoman replied that the dining-room
was for eating in and not for presenta
tions. Upon reporting back to her fellow
nurses . it was decided that those who
were off duty should call upon Dr.. Mar
quis and express their regard for him.
Twenty-five nurses gathered In the doc
tor's parlor and the handsome cup was
placed In the center of the circle.
Miss P. McCurdy, chief of the operating
room, stepped forward when the doctor
entered the room and on behalf of the
nurses of the French Hospital said: "Doc-,
tor, the nurses of the French Hospital
present you with this loving-cup as a re
membrance of the love and respect they
have for you and as a slight recompense
for the many kindnesses you have shown
us."
Twenty-five trained nurses of the French
Hospital called upon Dr. F. P. Canac
Marquis at his residence, 1101 Van Ness
avenue, last evening and on behalf of all
the nurses of the Institution presented him
with a handsome silver loving-cup as a
mark of the esteem in which they hold
him. Dr. Marquis was overwhelmed and
could hardly express his gratitude. The
present, coming as it did from the young 1
women who have labored with him in the
care of the sick and at a time when his
relations with the management of the
hospital are strained, was a great sur
prise.
Nurses of French Hospital Present
Token of Esteem to Dr. F. P.
Canac Marquis.
RECEIVES A HANDSOME
SILVER LOVING CTJP
Harry S. Moy, a nephew of the lata
Annie Brady, petitioned the Superior
Court yesterday to revoke the order ad
mitting his aunt's will to probate. H©
claims that the document is not deced
ent's last testament, and charges also
that when It was made she was under
the influence of Mary E. Houston, her
niece. „•
Charges Undue Influence.
Take awav from Golden Gate Park its
daily and holiday attendance of equip
ages ?nd one of its greatest beauties s.i;d
most ititerestinff features will !>e miss
ing. Love of good horses is a natural
irait in men and women. The number
and class of equipages is a good index
of the wealth and culture of a city. Pub
lic bodies should do everything in their
power to encourage the possession of su
perior horses bv the inhabitants. Driv
ing is a healthful and manly pasf'me and
a i ublic cround like Golden Ga'; Pa'k
should iifford from Its abundant means
every facility for the exercise of It.
A little thought on the part of the Com
missioners will likely lead them to "the
conclusion that five men of wealth can
better employ the time consumed in their
meetings in devising means for rehabili
tating the speedway than In discussing
the overwhelming question as to whether
Commissioner Aitman's leg was inside or
outside the door when the roll was called.
A proposalhas been advanced for the
construction of a three-quarter-mile cir
cular speedway which will take in a part
of the present abandoned straightaway
course. This proposal carries with it the
provision that the expenses for construct
ing the new track shall be raised by pop
ular subscription, as was done with the
old speedway. On the Inside of the in
closure is to be a field for polo playing
and similar sports.
In view of the present condition of the
speedway It is likely that road drivers
will, consider any proposition for a new
speedway on the terms advanced as mere
ly throwing good money after bad. The
indifference of the Park Commissioners
to the welfare of the old Epeedway, not
withstanding that they accepted It under
the condition that they would keep it in
full repair, is a poor guarantee that any
better spirit will be shown toward the
proposed new course.
The Park Commissioners are spending
money lavishly in betterments. They
have gone in strongly for the water cure.
They have built chains of lakes— Hobo
Lake and Stowe Lake — and now they pro
pose to expend $50,000 over near the buf
falo sark for a lake to be used exclu
sively by children on which to sail toy
yachts. Another bunch of money, con
cerning the exact amount of which the
Commissioners call each other hard namci
ot nearly every meeting, was put into the
construction of a Dutch windmill.
SHOULD CONSIDER DRIVERS.
All of these things are good. Children
should have a place on which to sail their
toy : achts: those fond of aquatic spirts
should have lakes on which to row; the
Commissioners should have their Dutch
windmill if ther want it, but men and
horses should be given some little meed
of consideration in this beautiful public
resoi t.
Christopher W. Smith of Redington &
Co., who was one of the original sub
scribers to the speedway fund, said yes
terday: "In its present condition it is un
safe to drive a horse at a fast gait over
the speedway. I never use it any more.
A couple of months ago I sent' a horse
belonging to my wife over it and it was
five or six weeks before I could get him
right again."
John C. Kirkpatrick, manager of the
Palace Hotel and a road driver who loves
the game, said: "The speedway Is not fit
to drive over in its present condition. It
will have to be reclayed in order to make
it safe."
At the present time, through persistent
neglect, the clay surface has been washed
or blown away in a thousand places-,
leaving ruts and holes in the road that
would certainly bring disaster if It were
ever used for the purpose for which it
was built. Drivers know this and have
reluctantly been compelled to abandon at
tempts to send their roadsters over it at
anything faster than a walk. Not only is
the road ruined, but the turf bordering It
has been so neglected that the grass is
sere and yellow and the shrubbery is
covered with the red dust of the road.
Recently an attempt was made to oil the
speedway, but the defects in the surfac
ing will render this more of an injury
than a benefit. The king of pacers, Dan
Patch, would have difficulty in doing a
mile over it In 2:20, even supposing that
his owner could be prevailed to risk the
animal in the trial.
This speedway was constructed in 1S88
by private subscription. A committee of
gentlemen who were admirers of road
sters, headed by Charles Webb Howard,
president of the Spring Valley Water
Company, raised by private subscription
$32,500, all of which was put into the con
struction of the speedway. It was sur
faced with clay for a length of a mile
and a quarter and through the center a
hedge was run to prevent collisions. On
Its completion It was considered to be one
of the most perfect speedways for public
use in the United States.
It was turned over to the Park Commis
sioners at absolutely no expense, with the
understanding that this body would keep
it in perfect repair, and was gladly ac
cepted under those conditions. Among the
contributors to the fund for construction
were such enthusiastic horsemen as Fred
Sharon, Christopher W. Smith, Fred and
Will Talbot, Adolph B. Spreckels, Charles
"Webb Howard, Adolph Sutro and a host
of others, who gladly contributed amounts
up to $500 apiece to build the road.
SURFACING WASHED AWAY.
Owners and lovers of fast trotting stock
of this city are bewailing the carelessness
and negelect that has brought to utter
ruin the once magnificent speedway in
Golden Gate Park. In its present condi
tion it would be utterly unsafe to speed
a good horse over it and permanent in-
Jury to an animal sent at a rapid gait
on the ruined road would be almost cer
tain to result.
The first name to be considered was
that of Leonard Leavey, chief bookkeeper
of the Board of "Works, who was raised
from $1800 to $2100 per year without any
provision for the raise being made by the
Supervisors in the last annual tax budget.
President Causey of the Board of Works
held that the' board named had ample au
thority to increase salaries if It so desired
and declared that Leavey's salary was
raised because he was worth it and the
amount was not any higher than that re
ceived by head bookkeepers In private
business houses. The committee, seeing
that it had a mountain of labor before it,
decided to take up consideration of the
matter to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The joint Committee on Judiciary and
Health recommended to the Board of Su
pervisors at its meeting the passage ofc an
ordinance extending the limits within
which it Is unlawful to keep more than
two cows or swine and the bill will be
considered at next Monday's meeting,
when interested parties will attend.
The ordinance ordering the repavinjr of
Spear street, between Mission and Mar
ket, at a cost of not to exceed $13,000 was
passed to print.
Connor opposed the ordinance authoriz
ing an expenditure of $1000 to defray the
expenses of Chief Engineer Sullivan ot
the Fire Department In attending tne
convention of Fire Engineers in Atlanflc
City, N, J. Connor said it would be a bad
precedent to establish and the board had
no right to expend the money for the
purpose named. Wilson said Sullivan was
being sent by the Fire Commission to
study the various fire departments of
Eastern cities. The ordinance was finally
passed.
The Mayor's veto of the ordinance
authorizing an expenditure of $517 for tr/o
horses for the Almshouse was overridden
by the votes of fifteen Supervisors. The
Mayor held that the price charged was
excessive, but evidence was adduced that
the horses were exceptionally heavy and
could not be purchased for less.
The communication from the Hack
men's Union calling attention to the de
plorable condition of Mission road, be
tween Onondaga avenue and the county
line, was referred to the Street Commit
tee. The union desires to have the road
oiled so that traffic may not be impeded.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee be
gan an inquiry yesterday into the whole
sale Increases in salaries of subordinates
by the Board of Public Works and the
Board of Health. The committee was
fortified with a list of some seventy em
ployes who were favored by the boarda
named and the names were taken up 3er*
iatim for the purpose of inquiring into the
reasons for the increases. >>. :
Suit for divorce for desertion was filed
by Lucia A. Getzler against Frederick A.
Getzler. They were married at Pasadena
in July. 1899. the alleged desertion occur
ring in June of this year. The Getzlers
are vaudeville performers.. Isabel Smith
of 512 Hill street is suing George "W.
Smith, a house mover, for divorce for
cruelty, and Jennie J. Hunt of 8271 Twen
ty-first street Is suing Herbert H. Hunt
for a decree on the ground of desertion.
Infidelity is charged in the complaint filed
by Blanche Skinner against Joseph Skin
ner. -,-• 5 ¦¦•¦)
Judge Sloss refused to grant Henry
Garret Ablink a divorce from Laura Ab
link because he had failed to establish
a residence in this county.
Sadie Rice Jordan- Win? secured a di
vorce from Dr. Franklin F. Wing, sur
geon. United States army, yesterday in
Judge Hebbard's court. It was shown
by the evidence that he had treated her
cruelly. Wins did not appear to contest
the suit, contenting himself with filing a
general denial of the- charges.
The Wings were married in March, 1901.
after a three weeks' courtship. Mrs. -Wing
at that time being the divorced wife of
"Babe" Jordan, a well known and popu
lar student at Stanford University. The
wedding took place at Sar.ta Cruz.
Judge Hebbard also granted a divorce
to Violet F. Waller from Julian L.. Wal
ler, manager of the Peri Drug Company.
The ground was infidelity and cruelty.
The Wallers lived at 230 Haight street.
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce to,
E. B. Marks from Gabriel Marks for neg
lect, and Judge Graham granted Jane F.
Casey a divorce from James J. Casey for
infidelity and cruelty.
The Caaeys have achieved considerable
notoriety since their marriage last Janu
ary- Mrs. Casey, who is but 17 years of
age, had her husband, who was super
intendent of construction of the^ Bay
Counties Power Company, arrested for
beating her within two months after their
marriage. He was never tried, the charge
being dismissed. . Then she sued hlna for
divorce, and he had her arrested on a
charge of Insanity. He did not appear
to support his charge. She was dls^
charged and Judge Graham Issued a
bench warrant for his arrest. IJ Wots
never served, for Casey disappeared and
has not been seen in this neighborhood
since.
The committee wishes to give credit to
the following recent contributors;
Amount heretofore reported, $25,845 25; San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, $250;
Pacific States Telecraph and Telephone Com
pany, I2.V); Hecht Uros. &. Co., $25; Morton
Special Delivery. ?20; Morton DraylriK and
Warehouse Company, $20; Pacific Gas and Im
provement Company. ?50; Pacific t-urety Com
pany, $25; United States Fidelity Company.
J25; Richelieu (second contribution), $12 50;
Jackson Napa Soda Company, $10; Georjce E.
Dow, $10; American Biscuit Company, $10; H.
Llebes Company (second contribution), $10;
Johnson Restaurant (second contribution), $15;
Dunham Carrlpan & Hayden (second contribu
tion), $50; Blake. Moffitt £ Towae (second
contribution). $25; Butchers' Jobbin? Associa
tion, $25: John Rosenfeld'e Sons, $20; Pro
gressive Planintr Mill Company, $10; T. M.
Ferguson, $10; Great American Tea Company,
$20; Russ House Saloon. $20; Jesse Marks, $10;
6an Francisco I^aundry. $20; Owens. Varney
& Green. $25; P. H. Webber, $20; Gulf Bag
Company. $50; Hotel Langham. $20; Herbert
E. Law, $10; Hartland Law, $10; F. Wolstein,
$10; Martin 4 Co.. $10; Shea. Bocqueraz & Co..
$10; Puritan Dining Rooms. $25; John Caffrey,
$25; C. C. Clinch, $10; Hoffman Cafe. $50;
Charles Meincke & Co.. $25; Haber. Alf« &
Brune. $25; Albert Wolff. 510; Hey. Grauer
holx & Co., $10; E. A. Fargo & Co., $20;
Ames & Harris (second contribution), $25; Van
Bergen & Co., $20; F. Eastman Ac Co.. $10;
W. M. Plerson. $25; Nolan Bros.. $10; C. R.
Bishop. $20; Morgan Oyster House, $10; Henry
Ach, $20; Neville & Co. (second contribution),
$20; Presidio and Ferry Railroad Company,
$50; Security .Savings Bank, $25; California
Oil and Stock Exchange, $25; United
States Surveyors Division, $110 t-0; Dairy
men's Acsoclation (second contribulion), $25;
Becker & Henderson. $10; Chinese merchants,
$59.50; citizens of Sacramento, $185; Dr. Mc-
Nutt. $10; Balfour, Guthrte & Co.. $50; George
D. Carter, $10: The Cabin. $10; John Kentfield
& Co., $25: Jesse Moore-Hunt Company, $100;
Charles Matheas & Co.. $10; M. Wand & Co..
$10; J. Martin, $10; Mutual Label and Litho
graphing Company. $10; Nye, Nlsslon & Co.,
$10; J. H. Neubauer & Co.. $10; Napa and
Sonoma Wine Company. $10; National Ice
Company, $10; Nonotuck Silk Company, $10;
Norman Cafe, $10; Olsen Bros.. $10; Overland
Freight and Transfer Company, $10; Phoenix
Railroad Company, $10; Porcell & Greenwood.
$10; Pacific Carriage Company, $10; Charles
Plum & Co., $10; Pacific Blscujt Company, $10;
Pacific Metal Works, $10: Pacific Tool and
Supply Company, $10; J. H. Pein. $10; Paraf
fine Paint Company. $10; J. Peterson, $10;
Phllpot & Plumber. $10; Rosenberg Bros., $10;
Roeenbaum Bros., $10; J. A. Rich. $10; Roth
rhild & Hadenfeldt. $10: Speck & Co., $15;
Eimonds Saw Company, $10; Straus & Froh
man, $10: Sudden & Chrlstennon, $10; Sher
man & Clay, $10; Stockton Milling Company,
flO; Sommer at Kaufmans, $10; Standard BU-
Within a few days nothing will remain
to remind people that the encampment
was held here. The fact that thousands of
veterans visited this city for a week has
gone down to history and will Be looked
back upon as one of the most remark
able gatherings held in this vicinity in
years. All the decorations are being re
moved from houses and streets and in a
few days every vestige will be gone.
Scores of men worked all day yesterday
stripping the arches of their thousands of
electric lights: The flag' poles were
stripped of their flags and the poles are
being carted away to the Corporation
yard, there to remain until some other
celebration requires their use. The flag
poles are the property of the municipality
and were made for permanent use.
Every wire that stxetc.es across the
main thoroughfare Is being taken down
and the thousands of incandescent lamps
used are being set aside for future use.
The citizens have removed the bunting
and designs that beautified their places of
business and the streets no longer pre
sent a holiday appearance.
Few of the veterans remain here. For
the last three days the old soldiers have
been departing on special and regular
trains for their homes, delighted with
their trip and highly pleased with the hos
pitality of the people of thi3 State.
The total fund available for the recep
tion and entertainment of the Grand
Army was $55,920 75. Of this amount the
Legislature made an appropriation of $25,
000, and $30,920 75 was contributed by vol
untary subscription.
RECENT CONTRIBUTORS.
Last nigm General Stone, after review-
Ing all the bills and considering obliga
tions yet to be filed, estimated that the
entire expense of the encampment would
approximate $57,000. This does not include
the amounts expended by the Grand Army
posts of the city and State. The veterans
of the San Joaquln, Sacramento, Santa
Clara, Napa and Sonoma valleys enter
tained visitors with lavish hospitality.
George H. Thomas Post of San Francisco
expended $4000 in the entertainment of
guests. Lincoln and Garfleld posts and
the Loyal Legion Commandery also en
tertained in generous style.
Comrade Sam Birch of Russell Post No.
379. Ohio, died yesterday at St. Winifred's
Hospital. The death was reported to the
committee and arrangements were at once
made for sending the body home to Ohio.
The wife of Comrade H. S. Rickoff of
Clinton, la,, is at the California General
Hospital: Dr. Winslow Anderson of the
Encampment Medical Corps reported that
her left thigh was accidentally broken on
the day of her arri\*al in San Francisco.
She will soon be able to travel. The exec
utive committee secured a drawing-room
for her accommodation.
Comrade Sigle of Cincinnati is at the
Earlwood Hotel, Fourth street. He had
a stroke of apoplexy last Monday and is
now paralyzedl . His wife is desirous of
taking him to his Ohio home.
It was reported that Mrs. Richardson,
who is 73 years of age, was sick at Mc-
Nutt's Hospital. She is doing well.
REMOVING DECORATIONS.
An Interesting session of the executive
committee of the general committee of
management. Thirty-seventh National
Encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic, was held last evening at the
Grand Hotel. General George Stone,
chairman, announced at the beginning of
the session that the cash on hand, to
gether with sums positively promised by
responsible men, would enable the com
mittee to meet all Its obligations. The
announcement was hailed with applause.
J. A. Whitesides of the Naval Veterans'
committee, S. J. Loop of the Mexican
War Veterans, Charles Boxton of the
Spanish-American War Veterans, E. S.
Salomon of the parade committee and
Hugh M. Burke of the press committee
reported a small surplus.
On motion of General Shafter a vote of
thanks was tendered to Major Davis of
Tulare County and J. B. Lauck of San
Francisco for their constant and efficient
services in the reception Qf comrades.
On motion of the chairman of "the press
cemmittee a special vote! of thanks was
tendered to E. B. Lefflngwj<Jll. president of
the San Francisco Press CJUb, and Colonel
Charles L. Pierce of the S^ns of Veterans
for their accomplished services In the en
tertainment of newspaper writers.
A committee consisting o*T W. H. Jordan,
Charles E. Wilson, W. E. Lutz and
George Stone was appointed to express in
proper fashion a sense of the executive
committee's appreciation of the splendid
and generous work performed by the San
Francisco newspapers in aid of the en
campment.
The chairman of the parade committee
in his report relative to the construction
of the reviewing stands on Van Ness ave
nue stated that extra expense and much
trouble were caused by the refusal of An
drew Magulre to extend to the committee
the commonest kind of civility.
EXPENSE OF ENCAMPMENT.
She cays that during all that time he
was writing to her and she was answering
his letters, and during her visit to him
and his hurried visit to New York she
knew nothing of the divorce and actrd
toward him es a dutiful and loving wife.
When she learned of his alleged duplicity
she says she retained attorneys to defend
her against him. White died soon after
his wife discovered that he had secured a
divorce, thus nipping in the bud her ef
forts to secure redress. When his will
was filed it was discovered that he had
completely overlooked her. leaving all of
his large estate to brothers and sisters
and their children. Ehe is now suing the
executors of his will to recover her share
of the property, claiming that it was all
saved during their married life and hence
¦was community holdings.
The suit involves a fortune estimated to
be as large as J100.000, and Mrs. White's
complaint contains many sensational
charges. According to her complaint the
was married to White at Santa Cruz in
1883. Two weeks after her marriage she
tf.scovered that her husband had been liv
ing a dual life, and .when she accused
him of It she says he admitted it.
Ehe says that when she taxed her hus
band with being other than the upright,
respectable merchant he posed as being.
he acknowledged his guilt and promised
her that he would forsake the women he
had been associating with and become a
true and loving husband. He suggested,
6he 6ays. that as he feared that if he at
tempted to break suddenly from them
they would expose him and disgrace
him, she should go on a visit to Europe,
return to New Tork after an absence of
a year, meet him and establish a home
far from the reach of those in whose toil3
he was. Mrs. White says she followoJ
her husband's suggestion and went to
Europe, but returned within three
months. She wrote to him and received a
reply telling her to remain in New York
and promising to Join her there when he
could dispose of his business. Letter fol
lowed letter, she eays. all being in tfie
same loving strain, but he did not go to
New York, and In the early part of the
next year she came out to San Francisco.
She remained for three weeks, during
which her husband treated her with ex
treme kindness and reiterated his prom
ises to close out his business as soon as
opportunity offered. Tpon her return to
New York, she says, he still kept up his
correspondence, and even made her a fly-
Ing visit.
It was not until several months ha4
pone by and White had again failed to
keep his promises that she learned, she
says, how she had been treated by the
man she loved and trusted. She learned
that during all the time that White was
corresponding ¦with her and was so pro
lific in his promises he was conniving
with persons under his control to secire
a divorce from her on the ground of de
sertion. She says that by committing per
jury he secured an affidavit to the effect
that she had deserted him and that 5n
October, 1SP4, by swearing falsely to an
affidavit for a publication of summons he
procured an order of court ordering the
publication of the summons. The sum
mons, 6he says, was not published and he
was granted a decree, her default bein?
entered.
A tale of man's duplicity and woman's
trustfulness was unfolded In Judge
Troutt's court yesterday when the suit
was called of Jennie White against the
executors of the estate of her late hus
band. Jonathan LJoyd White, at one
time a well-known and prosperous Kear
ny-street merchant, who was killeC in the
fire that destroyed the Baldwin Hotei.
The suit was given but a half-hour's
hearing ar.d then continued until to-mor
row at 2:30. but during that time enough
evidence was taken to show that Mrs.
White has been, if her story be true, a
much abused woman.
Hackmen's Union Calls At
tention to Bad Condition
of Mission Road.
Sues to Recover Share of For
tune of Man Killed at
Baldwin Fire.
Ex- Wife of Stanford Student
Fails Again to Find
Happiness.
Present Condition Forbids
Past Travel by Horses
Over Road.
Work of Removing Arches
and Decorations Pro
ceeding.
Finance Committee Puts
Two City Boards on
the Rack.
Allowed to Fall Into
Disuse by the Com- '
missioners.
Gratifying Announce
ment Is Made to the
Committee.
Mrs. Jennie White Says
She Is Victim of
Clever Scheme.
Sadie Wing Secures a
Divorce From Army
Surgeon.
WAGES BATTLE
FOR A FORTUNE
FUNDS ENOUGH
FOB GRAND ARMY
PARK SPEEDWAY
GONE TO RUIN
BEGINS INQUIRY
IN SALARY RAISE
SECOND VENTURE
PROVES FAILURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, AUGUST 25, 1903.
B.K. Denbigh, the Assistant -Genera! Passenger
Agent in This City, Goes ; to London to Take
Charge of the Corporation's European Business
PROMOTION COMES TO OFFICIAL
OF OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY
14
AD V J5BTIS K M F. NTS.
SERGT. RJj. GORDON
Troop M, iSth Cavalry, Manila,
Philippine Islands
0
Sends the following appreciatire tcu
tlmonial to the virtues of Cutlcura for
distressing skin troubles peculiar to
that country : —
" I -wish to speak of the merits? of
Cuticnra Soap. In the first place it has
no equal. I hare been using it for some
time and I find it to be an excellent
remedy for all skin troubles. I h*va
been using other well known soaps, but
I can truly say, they are not in it with
the Cutlcura. This country is tho
place to test the merits of Cuticnra as
one is troubled with all kinds of skia
troubles."
Millions of the world's best peopla
use Cutlcura Soap, assisted by Cuticura
Ointment, for • preserving, purifying
and beautifying the skin, for cleansing
the scalp of crusts, scales and dandruff,
and the stopping of falling hair, for
softening, whitening and soothing red,
rough and sore hands, for baby rashes,
itchlags and cbaflngs, In the form of
baths for annoying irritations and in*
flammatlons, or too free or offensive
perspiration. In the form of washes for
ulcerative weaknesses, and many sana-
tive, antiseptic purposes which readily
suggest themselves to women, espe-
cially mothers, as well as for all tha
purposes of the toilet, bath and nur-
sery.
Cutiemr* Brmadle* »r« told thmorhoat tha world.
Coticnr* Rcaolvtat, .We. (in form of Chocolate Coated
IMU. Kc. p«r rial of*). Oin iraea t, JOr.. So«p. lie. Dtpotei
London, T, Chirtarhom* Sq.i P»ru. i Rue da U ffcxj
Botton. 137 Columbu* Are. Fotur Drug * Ca«m. Cor?.,
6 "mr Scad for " The Gnat Skin Book."
Coal Reduction
2000 Pounds
Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
Sold by All Reliable Dealers.
R ._?PATENTSlJj
, MARKET ST.Sf/S^
BACKACHE.
Backache is a forerunner and
one of the most common symp-
toms of kidney trouble and
womb displacement.
READ MISS BDLLMAN'S EXPERIENCE.
" Some time ag-o I was in a very
weak condition, my work made me
nervous and my back ached frightfully
all the time, and I had terrible head-
aches.
" Mr mother got a bottle of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound for me, and it seemed to
strengthen my back and help me at
once, and I did not get so tired as
before. I continued to take it, and it
brotxg-ht health and strength to me,
and I want to thank you for * the
good it has done me," — Miss Kati:
BoiJLMAJf, 142nd St. & Wales Ave.,
New York City.— $5000 forfeit If original of
above letter proving genuineness cannot be produced.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cures because it is
the greatest known remedy for
kidney and womb troubles. .
Every woman who is puzzled
about her condition should write
to Mr?. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass.,
and tell ber all. '