FIRST SKIRMISH IS FOUGHT
BY BULGARIAN REGULARS AND
TURKISH TROOPS ON FRONTIER
SCENES IN THE REVOLUTIONARY
¦ DISTRICT OF EASTERN MACE
DONIA.
BRITISH STATESMEN, WHOSE NAMES ARE CONNECTED BY RUMOR
WITH CABINET POSITIONS TO BE -FILLED BY PREMIER BAL
FOUR AS A RESULT OF RECENT. RESIGNATIONS.
Continued oii Page 3 £ Column. 4.^
VENICE, Sept. 21.— A Greek squadron,
consisting of three battleships, ' has ar
rived here. The vessels have been maneu
vering In the Adriatic Sea, watching the
developments In Macedonia... j -j ...--.
Greek Squadron at Venice.
NORFOLK. Va.. Sept. 22.— An uncon
firmed rumor from Wachaprague . In a
special to the Virginian Pilot states that
the fishing sfamer Beatrice, supposed
to have been in ,the hurricane, has
arrived off Delaware Breakwater with
two men lost from her crew of thirty-
D ¦ w
Steamship Beatrice Reported Safe.
Eyewitness Gives Startling Account
of the Occurrences to Prussian
Newspaper.
KOENIGSBERG, ' Prussia, Sept. 2L—
With reference to the recent rioting at
Cornel, the Russian Government of
Moghileff, between Christians and Jews,
which was suppressed by- the military
'with the loss of a number of lives, the
Hartungsch Zeitung bf this city publishes
an account given by an eye witness, who
says. the occurrences almost equaled the
massacres at Kisheney-, %sjr *. .¦/.,, ...
RIOTS AT - COMEL ALMOST :
EQUAIi KISHENEV MASSACBE
SALONICA. European Turkey, Sept. 21.
Orders have been received from Constanti
nople to promote all sergeant majors to
the rank of sub-lieutenants owing to the
scarcity of officers in view of the complete
mobilization of the Turkish army.
Preparing for Mobilization.
PARIS. Sept. 21.— The Rappel of this
city to-day published a report, which is
not confirmed, that Boris Sarafoff, the
Macedonian leader who , frequently has
been reported killed or wounded, was be
headed recently by Turkish soldiers.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— No confirmation
has reached here of the Paris report of
the execution of Boris Sarafoff, the Mace
donian leader, near Monastlr. .
Bumor of the Execution of the Mace
. donian Chieftain.
SABAFOFF IS "DEAD" AGAIN.
painful cuts on -the head. Mrs. Col es
caped with a severe fright and shaking
up. The automobile was wrecked. . . ,^..
Electric Car's High Speed.
BERLIN, Sept. 21.— A burst of speed at
the rate of 114 miles an hour was reached
Saturday on the Zossen electric line, but
over what distance Is not disclosed. The
length of the line Is eighteen mile*,
NEVADA, Mo.. Sept. 21.— A charge of
embezzlement of J6000 has ' been made
against Cole Younger, the bandit, by the
management of a "Wild West" show
with which Frank James and Younger
have been associated since shorthy. after
Youngerfs pardon from the penitentiary,
where he was ' serving a life sentence.
James and Younger.' had 'previously
brought action for, damages against the
management because,' as they' alleged, the
show proprietors failed to equip the ag
gregation according to contract and re
fused to drive away the gambling efe
ment that followed the show. Both
James and Younger assert there is noth
ing in the embezzlement charge,' which,
they say, is retaliatory.
Is False.
Proprietor's Accusation
Fcrmer Bandit Says Wild West Show
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE \
AGAINST COLE YOUNGER
Mr. and Mrs. Col had never before
taken a ride in an automobile, and they
hit upon the plan of making up a party
and trying the horseless carriage. The
start was made at about 8 o'clock, and
everything went ' well for a couple of
hours, at the end of which interval they
were not a gTeat distance from . home on
the return trip.
The chauffeur was driving the machine
at a good clip and was on the embank
ment at Willow street, near the creek.
The ladies engaged in a lively chat about
the delights of auto riding and the suc
cess of the outing, when without 'warning
the ponderous vehicle slipped from the
highway and went crashing nearly twenty
feet to the base of the embankment.
The terrified passengers had not an In
stant to think of escape. As the automo
bile went over it turned upside down and
landed on top of two or more of the
shouting and screaming occupants.
The chauffeur was the only person who
entirely escaped injury. He had been
thrown from the car and landed in j the
shrubbery. As quickly as . possible he
rushed to aid the Injured passengers, and
assistance was summoned.
The physicians found that the passenger
most seriously hurt is Mrs. de Salsset.
She suffered Internal injuries and her con
dition is regarded as serious. Her hus
band had a shoulder broken.,
Peter Col was among the, most unfor
tunate, one of his arms being broken in
two places. He it< also considerably
bruised. Young Loulr Ccl sustained some
SAN JOSE, Sept. 21.— A serious automo
bile accident occurred at 10:13 o'clock to
night at- the point where Willow street
meets Guadalupe Creek, and four persons
were, more or less, badly injured. The
heavy machine pitched twenty feet down
an embankment In the darkness, and the
marvel of.lt Is that every one on board
was not killed.
, The persons in the automobile were
Peter C. Col, a member, of a well-known
firm of wholesale grocers; Mrs. Col; their
son Louis, 14 years old;' Mr. and Mrs.
Peter de Salsset, prominent residents and
widely know in society, and a chauffeur.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The. circumstances under which the
deed was committed are of a sensational
character. Tomasheffski . had no occupa
tion and resided at a hotel. He was pas
sionately fond of. card playing and visited
a club every night, where he played for
hours for heavy, stakes and was, as a
rule % very fortunate. On the day of the
murder his cousin called at the hotel and
asked him to come to his mother's house
to' play cards with two friends of the
family. Then, at a given signal, he was
seized, his mouth covered so that he could
not cry for assistance and poison was in
jected under the skin of the forehead.
The three men then watched the effects
of the poison for about a half-hour. At
the same time taking the victim's money
from • his pocket they divided it among
themselves.
' After their victim died they placed the
body In a basket and one of the men tied
a cord tightly around the throat, to make
sure, as he said, that there could be no
further trouble with the murdered man.
The perpetrators of the crime were con
fident their social position would prevent
any suspicion falling upon them. It was
only after a strong chain of evidence had
been completed that they confessed.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— A case of murder
by an Injection of poison by means of a
hypodermic syringe is reported by the
Moscow correspondent of the Daily Mall,
who writes that an unpleasant smell pro
ceeding from a wicker basket which ar
rived as - luggage at the Brest railway
station in Moscow and for" which no
claimant appeared caused an examination
to be made, when the body of a well
dressed man was found. An examination
showed that death had resulted from an
injection- of poison under the skin by
means of a syringe. Inquiries were insti
tuted which proved that the murdered
man was a well-to-do land owner named
Martin Tomasheffski.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 190.1, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
The unfavorable replies of Austria and
Russia to Bulgaria's last note and the
fact that none of the other great powers
has yet replied, coupled with the allega
tions that one of the powers is encourag
ing the military party at the Yildiz Kiosk,
tend' to create a less hopeful feeling here.
There is, however, no , perceptible change
in the situation. Various reports are In
circulation regarding negotiations be
tween Turkey and Bulgaria looking to a
solution of the Macedonian difficulty.
The Dhevenlk says Turkey has present
ed a. note to Bulgaria asking for the lat
ter's assistance in reaching a practical so
lution. Bulgaria replied that Turkey, must
end' the massacres, withdraw her frontier
forces, guarantee peace and protection to
the villagers desiring to return to their
homes and amnesty to political offenders,
and Introduce such governmental reforms
as will pacify Macedonia and Adrlanople.
The Bulgarian reply concludes: '
"If the present situation continue the
Bulgarian Government will be compelled
to yield to public opinion and send an
army to the frontier."
It appears doubtful that the Government
has sent such an answer, but the state
ment published represents in some degree
the Government's attitude.
• SOFIA. Sept. 21.— According to Informa
tion received at revolutionary headquar
ters from Monastlr 1?" persons perished In
the flames of their burning villages near
Kastoria. More than 1200 bodies of men,
women and children are said to be lying
unburled. - . ¦ . -
Victims of Turkish Atrocity at Kas
toria Not Interred.
HUNDEEDS LIE UNBURIED.
WASHINGTON. Sept 21.— The State De
partment f till has under consideration the
matter of the appointment of the retiring
Vali of Eeirut to be Vali of Brusa. At
present the officials are disposed to re
gard the appointment in the light of a
transfer rather than a promotion, but a
further inquiry into the facts by Minister
I-eiehman may change this view of the
case. It was said 'at the State Depart
ment to-day that it was the original'in
tention of the Sultan to appoint the
farmer Vali of Beirut to be sub-Secretary
of the Department of the Interior, and It
Is intimated that the strong representa
tions against this appointment made by
Reports from Beirut say the appoint
ment of Halim Pasha to be Vali of Beirut
has caused much disappointment. The in
habitants expected that Nashim Pasha,
the Vali of Syria, who inspired confidence
by his conduct when he became acting
Yaii alter Reshid Pasha's removal, would
be made Vali.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 21.— The .un
favorable comment uoused by the ap
pointment of Rcshld Pasha, Ae former
Vali'of Beirut, to be Vail of . Brnsa, which
is really a promotion, continues. The ac
tion of the Porte in this connection is re
garded here as a challenge to the repre
sentatives of the powers, especially to the
American Minister, who it is believed is
likely to -protest and may demand Reshid
Pasha's recall from.Brusa in the interests
of the American educational ' establish
ment in that vilayet.
Promotes Official Against Whom
This Government Protested.
The Turkish frontier officers, says a dis
patch to the Times from Kdbnitza, Bul
garia, reports that the insurgents' under
General Zontcheff have been defeated
with great t laughter near ' Melnlk, and
that a great number of Bulgarians were
massacred, In the neighboring villages,
several of , which are burning.. . .. .
PORTE STRIKES AT AMERICA
excitement prevails in the district
because of a pkirmish that occurred be
tween Turkish and Bulgarian regulars on
Faturday on the mountain range which
forms the border line.
The general impression is that war Is
only a question of a few days, and resi
dents are removing their property from
the frontier districts to places Df safety.
The dispatch adds that Turkey is mass-
Ing 40,000 troops in and around Palanka.
ten miles from the Bulgarian frontier,
agninFt which force the Bulgarians have
only 4000 at Kostendil.
Z ONDON, Sept. 22.— A dispatch
from the town cf Gultchevo, on
the Turco-Bulgarian frontier, to
the Daily Mai! reports that great
The Servian reply adds, however, • that
if the persecution of Christians and the
excesses of the Turkish troops continue
and serious reforms are not Introduced the
Government will be unable to restrain the
popular agitation In Servia.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 21.— The Ser
vian Government's reply to the Porte's
representations says measures have been
taken to .prevent bands, entering Macedo
nia, and a strong band which was pre
paring to cross the frontier has already
been dispersed. . . . ... r . :
Must Cease.
Turkish Persecution of Christians
SERVIA GIVES WARNING.
The' State .Department to-day received
a cablegram" from Minister Lelshman at
Constantinople, but nothing, was ...given
out regarding it except ..the- Informal state
ment that it contained no alarming news
and was in part concerned with routine
business.. The withdrawal of the Ameri
can'squadron from Beirut, it Is said, has
not yet been determined upon, and no In
dication has been received from Oyster
Bay as to the President's. Intentions.
In his cablegram to-day Minister Lelsh
man pays that the American claims
against Turkey are not receiving satis
factory attention by the Porte.
Communications have reached the State
Department urging this Government to
say or do something that will put a stop
to the atrocities in Turkey. It Is stated
that this pressure does not emanate from
the missionaries. Officials at the State
Department are reticent about the prob
ability of the United States giving ex
pression to the feeling with which the al
leged atrocities In Turkey are viewed by
the people of the United States, but they
said that reports from Turkey showed
that the deeds daily perpetrated In sec
tions of .that country were of such ,a
character as to shock civilization, and
necessarily were of deep concern to the
United States. ' ;
Minister Irishman were effective.
MURDERERS
REACH ACME
OF ATROCITY
AUTOMOBILE
RACES DOWN
EMBANKMENT
Prince Ferdinand's Soldiers Guarding
Border Engage Moslem Force.
According to fugitives who have
arrived -at Rila from Djourmai a serious
engagement has occurred near Melnlk,
sixty-five miles from Salonlca, in which
the Turks are said to have lost 500 men
killed. Including two colonels. Most of the
villages In the district of Melnik are in
the hands of the Insurgents. Many of the
villages arc In flames.
jfm OFTA, Sept. 21.— It is rumored here
ft that 500 Turks have been killed by
. a • dynamite while fighting a body of
"^ insurgents in the Krena defile.
Insurgen ts Lav is h
With News of
Victories.
- King Edward is reported to have ap
proved the appointment of Austen Cham
berlain, the Postmaster General, to be
Chancellor of the Exchequer, In succes
sion to Charles T. Ritchie; Arnold For
ster. Secretary to the Admiralty, to be
Secretary for War, in succession to Brod
rick: Brodrick, the Secretary for War,
to bo Secretary for India, In succession
to Lord George Hamilton, and Lord Sel
borne, the First Lord of -the Admiralty,
to be Secretary for the Colonies, in suc
cession to Joseph Chamberlain.
No official confirmation of the appoint
ments has yet been forthcoming. It Is
known that Lord Milner, the British High
Commissioner of South Africa, was of
fered the Colonial Secretaryship. . .
Premier Balfour's private secretary an
nounced that the reported Cabinet ap
pointments had not yet been made, add
ing that Balfour hardly expected to be In
a position to give out tne list of new Min
isters to-day.
Apparently Lord Milner Is still consid
ering the' offer of the Colonial Secretary
ship and thereto is probably" due the de
lay. / . ; : . .• • . ... . . ,
Well Informed • persons - express the
opinion that Lord Selborne. will remain ip
the Admiralty to carry out the reforms
he has inaugurated. '
William O'Brien, M. P., speaking in
Cork to : night, declared unequivocally that
both of the English parties tvsre broken
and the solid Irish party, would meet
whichever came out on top. The future
aim of the Irish party, he said, -was "Ire
land a nation." and it intended to adopt
a position of Independence an>l hold its
hand until it was discovered from whom
the best terms could be oDtalnert. TWs
means- which secured th« abolition of
landlordism, declared the Irish leader,
could easily on the same lines achieve
home rule.
V» ONDON, Sept. '21.— The question of
B the, support of the Nationalist party
Jf *or the new fiscal policy of retalia
tion is said to be the subject of
negotiations between the Government and
the Irish leaders. It Is rumored that
Chief Irish Secretary Wyndham is offer
injr a concession In the shapj of a Roman
Catholic college In Dublin, while the Na
tionalists, on the other hand, are demand-
Ing a measure of local seir-government as
the price of their support. -Whether or
not these statements are- well founded it
appears clear that the Nationalists in
tend to use the Cabinet crisis as a.- lever.
Milner or Selhorne
to Succeed Chant'
berlain.
"Theoretically we" wish the trade of the
Philippines. Practically we hesitate to
receive it lest it should reduce the prices
of articles that are abnormally high and
from which great profits are made. In
this matter our legislation seems to keep
In mind only the present American dealer.
The consumer and the dealer who might
arise to handle, Philippine wares are ig
nored. . The Filipino dealers In tobacco
know that America is the land of high
prices and. they naturally wish to have
t«e advantages of these prices. They csk,
therefore, for such a 'reduction of the
tariff as will enable them to sell their to
bacco in the. American market. This is
one of the few direct requests the Fili
pinos have made of the American Gov
ernment." In not grantmg It we show that
practically we do- not wish the trado.of
the Philippines in this particular commod
ity,, and it may be clearly Inferred from
thif-that we do not wish the trade of the
Philippines in any commodity the' lntro-
SOMETHING ABOUT TOBACCO.
"The trade that Is growing up with
Japan points to a vastly greater "trade
that may be developed with China, sup
plemented by the trade of the Philip
pine Islands. But before any very Im
portant results are reached wo shall have
to conclude that we wish the trade of the
East and take such legislative action as
will encourage it, for it is hardly to be
supposed that the wealth of the Orient
will be poured into our basket unless we
at least take off the lid.
"The fact that our route to the East Is
shorter than that of any other Important
European or American city is a matter of
some moment, but after all a few thou
sand miles of steaming, .more or less, are
not really determinative of. freight
charges. Not many months ago the
freight rate from Hongkong to Manila,
a distance of 600 miles, was as high as the
rate from San Francisco to Manila, a dis
tance of 7000 miles, and even this does
not argue that the San Francisco rate
wasMow. And the rate from Manila to
Vigan, a few hundred miles up the coast
of Luzon, was little, if any, less. Of
course, distance makes a possible lower
limit, but it is not distance In most cases
that makes the actual rate.
"The Europeans are not anxious to have
the products of the East reach us by. the
short route of the Pacific. They are will
ing we should buy these wares, but only
after they have carried them two-thirds
of the way around the world. They are,
therefore, making vigorous efforts to con
tinue the Oriental trade In Its ancient
channels. Each of the leading nations of
Europe— England, France, Germany, Aus
tria, Holland, Spain and Italy— has at
least one gTeat line of steamers engaged
in the trade of the Far East, and some of
them have more than one line. It hap
pened to be my fate, some months ago,
to be shut up for a few days in a quar
antine station on the - bank of the Suez
Canal. Ten or twelve Immense ocean
steamers went trooping by every day.
They told most eloquently of the peace
ful war Europe is making for the posses
sions of' the East. Some of these ships
carried the products of the Philippines,
and in this case the trade was surely dis
regarding the flag. They furnished, how
ever, an illustration of the familiar facts
that the currents of commerce, like the
currents of wind . and . water, flow where
there Is least obstruction.
VAST TRADE IK" PROSPECT.
As presiding officer of the banquet
President Lisser of the club introduced
Frofessor Moses to his fellow members,
who accorded the speaker an ovation that
lasted for several minutes. After briefly
acknowledging the welcome given him the
professor-- proceeded wltrt his speech,
which In part was as tallows:
Professor Moses* speech was a brilliant
review of the work of the . Philippine
commission, a defense of the national ad
ministration against the attacks made
upon it by its political opponents and
contained an elociuent ana graceful trib
ute to the work done by Governor Taft.
He predicted that as Secretary of War, a
position which Governor Tafr is soon to
assume, his vast knowledge of the con
ditions in the Philippines and his deep ap
preciation of their commercial relations
with the Pacific Coast will be of great ben
efit to the many important interests of
California.
Professor Bernard Moses, recently re
turned from the Philippines, wh«-re, as a
commissioner he participated hi the task
of establishing a new and comprehensive
form of government, v/as ihe guest of the
Unitarian Club of California at its thir
teenth annual banquet, wnich was held
last evening: in the Maple room of the
Palace Hotel. There were present 30)
guests, who listened to an address by-
Professor Mcses, which was voted to be
one of the abltst ever delivered before the
club and one that caused much favorable
comment. . .
Large Gathering at Unita
rian. Banquet Listens to
Eloquent Address.
Predicts Vast In
crease in Trade
With Islands.
Prof.MosesDelivers
an Important *
Speech..
PHILIPPINES
AND TAFT ARE
HIS SUBJECTS
SAN FRANCISCO/TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 114.
LONDON GOVERNMENT OFFERS
CONCESSIONS TO THE IRISH
LEADERS TO WIN THEIR AID
The San Francisco Call.WELI^KNOWN CLUB MAN
WHO ADDRESSED DAUGH
TERS OF PIONEERS.
NETV COMMANDER OF THE
SAN RAFAEL NATIONAL
GUARD COMPANY.
ECZEMA, NO CURE. NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT fails to cure Ringworm, Tetter
Old Ulcers and Sores, Pimples and Blackheads
oa the face, and all skin diseases. 60 cents, •
commercial bar silver advanced to 53 cents
iin ounce to-day, tbe highest price since
July 1, 1901
Commercial Bar Silver Advances.
NEW YORK. Sept 2L— The price of
STOCKTON, Sept 21.-James Johnson,
a colored man, was sentenced by Judge
Nutter this morning to ten years in San
Quentln ' for attempting to rob a street
car conductor. Joseph Konio was given
three years for robbing a Santa Fe ca
boose of a coat and vest
Ten Years for Car Robbery.
BEAVER, Pa., Sept 21.— The slander
suit brought, against former Postmaster
General . John Wanamaker by former
State Printer Thomas Robinson has ended
in a victory for. the defendant. The
sealed verdict was opened and read In
court this morning and found for the de
fendant. - , - - • ¦• ¦ ¦ •
Wanamaker Wins Slander . Suit.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 21. — A strike has
broken out In the railway workshop of Boraso
gibok. In the Government of Tamboff, and the
situation Is so threatening that troops -have
been summoned.
OGDBN, Utah. Sept. 21.— There re
mains less than two miles of the trestle
work to be * completed in crossing the
lake on the Southern Pacific cut-off, and
this work will be finished by November 1.
The work of filling In under the trestle
work will occupy several months. The
sinks, which formerly proved a serious
trouble, have at last been overcome.
Salt Lake Cut-Off Nears Completion.
GUTHRIE. Okla., Sept 2L— W. P. Price,
a prominent farmer of Greer County,
fhot and killed a neighbor boy named
Parks, mortally wounded Parks' brother
and wounded his own son. Price claimed
that the Parks boys burned his barn some
time ago. but alleged self-defense and
that tbe boy* bad threatened bis life. He
wounded his son accidentally.
Fanner Kills a Neighbor's Son.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 21.-This
morning a few minutes before 7 o'clock
San Bernardino was shaken violently by
an earthquake. The motion of the earth
resembled a quick succession of jumps.
The disturbance lasted fifteen seconds,
but was. not so violent as the one which
shook this city Thursday.
Earthquake at San -Bernardino.
WILLOWS, Sept. 21.-A disastrous tim
ber fire has been raging for ten days on
the feast side of Sheet.Iron Mountain, in
the Coast Range about thirty miles south
west of Willows. The flames can be seen
from here at night and heavy smoEe
hangs over the valley for miles.
Flames Roar in Mountains.
SALINAS, Sept 21.— John Chamberlain,
a brakeman on a Southern Pacific, freight
train, while engaged in making up a
train at Castrovllle last night, was
caught between two box cars and badly
crushed. He was taken to the company's
hospital in' San Francisco. It is stated
that he may not recover.
Brakeman Crushed by Cars.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept 2L
Senator Nathan B. Scott of West Vir
ginia, who has been seriously III at the
Brown Palace Hotel In Denver for the
past ten days, was brought to this city
yesterday. His condition is much im
proved to-day, although he is confined to
his bed. Senator Scott is at the home of
his Bister, Mrs. William Lennox.
Senator Scott Is Seriously 111.
Daughter of a Tula ro Resident Suf
fers a Severe and Unusual
Accident.
TULARE, Sept 21.— Mabel, the young
est daughter of H. H. Beckwith, was
bitten in the eye by a dog belonging to
Taylor Palmer. Both the upper and
lower eyelids were torn in a horrible
manner. Fortunately the eye Itself was
but slightly injured.
VICIOUS DOG TE/JRS
EYFXIDS FROM A GIRL
TACOMA, Sept 21.— George U. Piper of
Seattle and Miss Lillian Shaw of Olympla
were married at St. Luke's Church. Ta
coma, this morning by Rev. Frederick T.
Webb. Miss Shaw is prominent in so
cial circles. Mr. Piper is a well known
newspaper man and politician. Mr. and
Mrs. Piper left on a tour of several weeks
in Southern California.
Well-Known Newspaper Man Weds.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton was reported to-day to have passed
the night comfortably. He has improved
eo steadily and satisfactorily that his
physicians now consider further bulletins
unnecessary- Barring unlooked for com
plications, the Baronet probably will be
Btrong enough to leave for London by the
end of the week.
Sir Thomas Lip ton Is Recovering.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept 21.— A fire early
this morning completely destroyed the
residence of Clyde Hartman on K street
The blaze started from a wood stove in
the kitchen and Mrs. Hartman was badly
burned in endeavoring to check it Sev
eral adjoining buildings caught fire, but
were extinguished. The loss was $2300.
Woman Receives Severe Burns.
VENTURA,. Sept 21.-Mrs. Catherine
Brundage has celebrated her 102d birth
day. She is the oldest person in Ventura
County and probably in Southern Cali
fornia. She was born In New York in
1801. She retains her faculties to a re
markable extent She resides with her
daughter and two grandchildren in this
city.
Mrs. Catherine Brundage of Ventura
Celebrates a Very Notable
Anniversary.
CENTURY AND TWO YEARS
HER REMARKABLE AGE
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Sept 2L— Governor
BIr Cavendish Boyle has gone on a visit
to the treaty coast of Newfoundland to
familiarize himself with the conditions
which caused the recent friction between
the French, English and Americans there.
The French commodore, Montferrand, on
the cruiser La Volsler. the the British
commodore, Montgomery, are here ar
ranging a settlement of matters under
dispute regarding the French shore.
Will Visit the Treaty Coast
The autopsy showed that death was oc
casioned by an alcoholic settlement in the
stomach. With this exception there was
nothing in that organ showing that the
deceased had partaken of any food for
some time, and if he had done so evidence
of it had passed away. This condition of
the stomach superinduced exhaustion,
which tended to hasten the final result.
The story published in some papers to
day to the effect that the stomach had
been taken to San Francisco for the pur
pose of having its contents analyzed by
surgeons, with a view of ascertaining
whether poisonous substances were pres
ent, is without foundation. That organ
of the deceased is still in this city in the
possession of the autopsy surgeon.
OAKLAND. Sept 21.— The funeral of Dr.
Edwin F. H. Dimmick, who died while on
a camping trip In Contra Costa County,
was held to-day from his late residence,
1061*4 Willow street, under the auspices
of Oakland Court No. 45, Foresters of
America. The ritualistic service of the
order was read by Chief Ranger R. E.
Troy, the family service being conducted
by Rev. E. R. Dille.
Dimmick's parents attended the funeral.
The claims of Mrs. Dimmick have been
substantiated from the record of Justice
of the Peace Thomas F. Dunne of San
Francisco. The couple were married by
him on March 14, 1900, under the names
of Frank H. Dimmick and Florence E.
Walsh, and the marriage certificate was
mailed to 458 Fifth street, Oakland, where
the woman, under the name of Stella
Walker, was living.
MARTINEZ, Sept. 21.— Investigation
made into the cause of death of the late
Dr. Edward Dimmick of Oakland, who
was found dead In this county a few
days ago. has resulted in the discovery
of the fact that death was due to natural
causes and that the idea of violence or
poisoning having been used to accomplish
that end is untenable and is scouted by
every person who has had anything to do
with the case.
Autopsy on Body of Late Oakland
Dentist Shows No Sign
of Poison.
DEATH OF DR. DTMMICK
DUE TO NATURAL CAUSES
BOSTON, Sept. 2L— The Investigation
into the four check swindle of the Boston
and Northwestern Street Railway system,
which came to light last week, has led
the police to believe that fully one-half
of the conductors on this system have
been guilty of trading in bogus checks at
one time or another during the past three
years. The police express the belief that
the fraud will be found to extend to
ether street railway systems, including
those in some Western cities. President
Sullivan of the Boston and Northwestern
Street Railway system says the losses
would amount to J10.000.
Many Conductors Are Suspected.
Bishop Hamilton Announces t the Ap
pointments at the Norwegian-
Danish Conference.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 21.— At the clos
ing session of the Norwegian-Danish con
ference of the Methodist. Episcopal
Church to-day. Bishop Hamilton an
nounced the following appointments,
which Include the following presiding
eldera:
California district, Elbert J. Lundegard
of California; Montana district, Nells P.
Hansen of Butte; Oregon district, Christ
Hansen of Portland; Washington dis
trict, Joseph Olsen of Tacoma.
FOUR PRESIDING ELDERS
ARE NAMED BY _ PRELATE
TACOMA, Sept. 21.— Naval officers are
greatly excited over recent results at tar
get practice and a scandal may follow.
Officers and men at Forts Worden, Flag
ler and Casey have been greatly disap
pointed by the sudden slump made in
target practice records during the present
quarter. Gunners at Fort Worden not
long ago broke all records at practice,
but last week the work was of the very
poorest order and not one shot from the
big twelve-inch guns hit the target. Offi
cers were hurriedly sent to each fort to
investigate and to-day it developed that
the last consignment of prismatic pow
der is deficient in gas generating power
and blame is thus laid at the door of
the powder manufacturers. It is not
known how much of this worthless pow
der has been distributed, but the com
pany claims it will take it up with the
War Department. , • - s ; . .
Inadequate Results at Northwestern
Forts Ascribed to Deficient
Powder.
POOR MARKSMANSHIP
ASTONISHES OFFICERS
Tbe Circuit Court of Appeals held that
the case against -Richards was not strong
enough to warrant his conviction on so
grave a charge.
PORTLAND, Sept. 21.— The United
States Circuit Court of Appeals met in
this city to-day, Judges Ross, Morrow and
Gilbert being on the bench.
In the case of Frank H. Richards,
United States Marshal of Alaska, con
victed of contempt of court, at Nome, the,
judgment of the lower court was re
versed and the case remanded back for a
new trial.
The alleged contempt of court occurred
in April, 1902, in the case of Joseph H.
Wright, who as postmaster at Nome,
Alaska, was charged with embezzlement
of Government funds. It was charged
that Richards in the selection of the Jury
secured men who were intimate friends
of the accused man, and men who would
render a verdict in his favor.
Federal Jurists Pass on
the Case of Marshal
Richards.
The man for the past few months had
made many threats to end his existence
and his family were not surprised at his
rash act.
It was a deliberate case of suicide ap
parently. The man was identified as
Henry Metherill, who last week worked
on the Fuller ranch. The suicide's hat
was found lying beside the bridge Tailing,
placed there no doubt to attract attention.
The rope used was about twenty Inches In
length. The strands had been carefully
divided, a slip-knot was placed around the
neck, the strands of rope being doubled.
The man must have slowly strangled to
death.
CORONA, Sept. 21.— Early this morning
some Chinese discovered the body of a
man 60 years of age dangling by a short
rope which was securely fastened to an
upright of the railing of the Auburndale
bridge, which spans the Santa Ana River
about four miles northwest of Corona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The people of Tacorfpa, a small village
near the Lucera ranch, on hearing of the
rcid became alarmed for their own safety
and at last accounts were preparing to re-
Eist any attack made by the bandits.
The bandits had evidently been In
formed that a shipment of silver had re
cently been received by the ranch pro
prietor in payment for a bunch of cattle.
When they swooped down upon the ranch
Lucera was immediately picked out and
threatened with Instant death if tbe hid
ing place of the money was not revealed.
Lucera, seeing that they meant to carry
out their threats, lost no time in turning
over the money. The booty was packed
on several horses, which the robbers se
cured at the ranch, and part of the men
stood guard while the balance made for
the mountains with the plunder. When
the first party had been given a sufficient
etart the others mounted their horses and
followed them.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept 2L— A dispatch
to the Nogales Times from La Colorado,
Sonora, states that on Saturday night
an armed force of fifteen bandits raided
the rancho of Francisco Lucera, near San
Juanlco. and that they were successful in
securing JGOOO In silver. The raiders were
not Yaquis, as was first reported, but
were professional bandits. They outnum
bered the men on the ranch at the time,
who made no resistance and were at the
mercy of the bandits, who when they se
cured the loot left without committing
further crime.
Special IMspatch to Tbe Call.
¦WASHINGTON, Sept. 2L— Within one
day of the expiration of the time limit for
the exchange of ratifications of the Hay-
Ilerran Panama Canal treaty the State
Department is absolutely without any re
quest from the Colombian Government for
the extension of this period. At the State
Department to-day the canal situation
was said to be in the same hopeless state
as described In the cablegram from Min
ister Beaupre received on Saturday.
The Secretary and the President are
being kept in close communication with
the State Department regarding the canal
advices from Bogota. Mr. Herran. the
Colombian Charge, expected Secretary
Hay to return to Washington this week,
but since the receipt of Minister Beau
pre's cablegram, indicating that he had
abandoned hope, it is said at the State
Department there will be no occasion for
the Secretary's return until next month.
The town of San Francisco Ananao, in
the district of Tiagan. Luzon, was subse
quently attacked, but here the ladrones
were repulsed. During the fight at thia
place one policeman was killed.
MAN1L.A. Sept- a.— A detachment of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry embarked in
boats had a sharp engagement on Toros
Lake, Lanao, on the 10th ir.3t. with a band
of fanatical Moros, during which Private
O. E. Barnett was killed. On© of the
leaders of the enemy, a priest, single
handed, attacked a boatload of the Amer
ican soldiers. He was killed. .,-..;-;'
A band of ladrones attacktd the town
of Taisan, In the province of Batangas,
Luzon, on Saturday last and managed to
secure the guns of the municipal police.
They met with no resistance during their
raid and subsequently escaped un
molested.
For days there has been a rumor going
the rounds that the defense In the will
contest were preparing to despoil San
Bernardino of all its news gatherers, un
der the belief -that the reporters who
worked up the scandal were abundantly
Informed of certain things which might
assist in defeating the contest, but later
developments indicate that the reporters
will not be molested and instead of be
ing subpoenaed to appear some may be
allowed to make depositions.
Among the people examined this morn
ing were J. 13. Frith and Frank Johnson
of this city.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 21.—Sensa
tional depositions were taken here to-day
to be used in the Lloyd will contest. This
morning Attorneys Goodfellow of San
Francisco and Byron Waters of Los An
geles arrived In. town, and .; were seen to
gether In the office of Court Reporter
Isaac Benjamin, who took down in short
hand the depositions of numerous persons
who are supposed to know something
about the case.
Perhaps the most interesting deposition
was that made by a former employe of
the San Bernardino Gas and Electric
Company. He has not been mentioned
before in the troubles which involved the
dead capitalist and his relatives, but
from what the youth testified to this
morning he evidently was an eye witness
to at least one Incident which will be
used in support of Fred Lloyd's effort
to break his father's will. The taking
of the depositions was done behind closed
doors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Southern California Man
Strangles Himself to
Death.
Six Thousand Dollars
Taken by a North
Mexico Band. ..
Priest Leads Attack on
Americans and Is
Killed.
Time for Exchange of
Ratifications About
to Expire.
Lloyd Will Case in San
Bernardino Grows
Exciting.
CANAL SITUATION
LOOKS HOPELESS
MORO FANATICS
ENGAGE TROOPS
McGinnis was arrested last Saturday.
His daughter begged for leniency for her
father and her act of self-destruction was
committed beyond a question to save him
from a felonls cell.
FRESNO, Sept. 21.— Ida McGlnnis, 20
years old, without a friend in the world,
without a mother, and. with a father
locked in jail for crime, last night swal
lowed a dose of corrosive sublimate and
died after suffering terrible agony for sev
eral hours without expressing any regret
for her act and explaining it only by say
ing, "Tell papa I died on account of his
trouble."
Poison.
Pathetic End of a Young Woman of
Fresno Who Swallowed
The afternoon's programme was closed
with two vocal solos, charmingly ren
dered, by Miss Gussie Greenleaf Kruger
and Miss Helen Crane. The young vocal
ists were accompanied by Miss Ethelynn
Marrach, a pupil of Mrs. Mariner-Camp
bell. Tea— and very good tea— was then
served by the Daughters, bringing to a
finale a deliehtful afternoon.
GIRL TAKES HER LIFE ,,;;.
TO SAVE HER FATHER
Of the more material things, sutfh as
sewers, hospitals and schools, they were
held to be such absolute necessities that
argument in favor of them was wholly un
necessary. It was In the artistic progres
slveness of San Francisco in streets and
parks— and incidentally In home gardens—
that the speaker most concerned himself,
and the conclusion was reached that
money expended in parks\ and play
grounds could In a short time be deducted
from the sums given over to excessive
police protection and the support of re
form schools and jails.
At the conclusion of the address, Mr.
"Wheelan was warmly thanked by Miss
Lucy Adams, the president of the society,
on behalf of the members and guests,
who evidently regretted their constitu
tional disability to profit by the speaker's
address— by voting a straight good vote
for the bond issue. But they unanimously
agreed to get their husbands, brothers
and sons into line, and the result may be
quite as satisfactory as if the sex ques
tion hadn't handicapped them as law
makers.
programme of unusual excellence
was rendered. Fairfax Wneelan, the
well known clubman and member of the
Merchants' Association, gave a talk upoi
the "City Beautiful," "a subject particu
larly apropos at this time. Mr. Wheelan
has in the past been closely identified
with various movements on lines of civic
and social progress, and the matter of
the bond issue that is now before the
people has appealed strongly to him from
the varied standpoints of a business man,
a humanitaiinn, and a devotee of art.
The lecturer, while pointing out the com
mercial advantages to be gained, dwelt
extensively upon the relation existing be
tween civic beautiflcatlon and moral de
velopment, and while the thought was ap
parently a revelation to many of the
ladies, the fact was brought home with
such Indisputable logic that it carried
conviction with it. Said Mr. Wheelan:
In New York City, when the matter of out
door cultivation was obtaining a foothold in
the minds of the people, Abram Hewitt, thea
Mayor of the city, summoned the police offi
cers from the poorer districts to his office for
the purpose of locating the spota on the city's
map where the Juvenile inhabitants gave the
most trouble. "Put your finger upon the dis
trict to which you are most frequently called
by Juvenile depredations," said he to each','
and at the close of the investigation it was
discovered — Indisputably and without excep
tion — that those plague spots were the tree
less and gardenias places of the district;- that
where gardens nourished, ' or trees . grew, . or
a Dark existed, tiiorp Infraction of- the law
was comparatively infrequent. , • r •
Excerpts from experiments by Eastern
sociologists and teachers were read,
pointing out as clearly as undemonstrated
things can be, "that wherever trees and
flowers were planted, or parks established
In the school locality, there discipline was
materially improved, and the moral status
showed development." Tiny buds grew
upon the strange new plants, and by the
gentle enforcement of restraint, these
were allowed to bloom into beauty by the
interested tykes to whose honor their
care was intrusted. Thus trust, honor,
and an interest In the things of the inani
mate world were brought out, and a love
of the beautiful in color and form devel
oped; and as these things are an integral
part of good character, the results were
well worth the time and expense given
the experiment. -
Thus did Mr. Wheelan strive to impress
upon the guests— and that he succeeded
was evident by the warm applause given
him — that San Francisco must do for her
children what other progressive localities
had done, and noted especially the city, of
Harrlsburg, where the bonding of the city
has lifted it into a plane of prosperity,
health and happiness.
THE Daughters of California Pio
neers entertained their friends
yesterday afternoon In the par
lors of the Pioneer Hi>l, when a
COURT REVERSES
NOME JUDGMENT
last four years, has resigned, and
Newell Vanderbilt has been elected in
his stead. Mr. Vanderbilt Is the son of
William Vanderbilt of this city. He
served in the Spanish-American war for
two years. He is a graduate of the State
University at Berkeley. In 1£>2 he gained
the distinction of being appointed by the
State as colonel of the university cadets,
an honor entitling him to a lieutenancy
Jn the regular army. At the present time
Mr. Vanderbilt is an instructor at Mount
Tamalpals Military Academy. Under his
direction Company D's standard so credi
tably kept up by Captain Cheda will be
maintained. His election has been rati
fied by the adjutant general and he has
taken his oath of office.
Company D's brass band has been se
lected as the Fifth Regimental Band.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 21.— Company
D. Fifth Infantry. N. G. C, has
a new captain. S. H. Cheda, who
had retained the captaincy for the
(Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fairfax H. Wheelan Delivers
Interesting Address Before
the Daughters of Pioneers
Newell Vanderbilt of San Ra
fael Elected to Command
Co. D of the Fifth Infantry
SECRECY WEILS
THE DEPOSITIONS
MONTEREY, Sept. 21.-Mrs. I* Wash
burn, wife of the poundmaster, was the
victim of a most brutal assault this
morning, the crime being aggravated by
the age of the unfortunate woman, who is
more than 60 years old.
Early to-day Mrs. Washburn, who lives
at Seaside, a half-mile from Del Monte,
was returning along the beach to her
home, having placed her cow in a pas
ture. A man sprang out upon her, felled
her by striking her on the back of the
neck, and the fall, she says, deprived her
of consciousness. Her assailant then tore
up portions of her dress, which he stuffed
into the woman's mouth as a gag.
When Mrs. Washburn came to her
senses she crawled home and notified her
husband, who quickly got word to Sheriff
Nesbttt. A number of posses were soon
on the road and several arrests were
made on suspicion.
To-night Nesbitt arrested at Moro Cojo
a man about 27 years old, who refused to
give his name or any account of himself.
His face was scratched and his shirt torn.
He was taken before- Mrs. Washburn,
who positively identified him as her as
sailant.
Fosses Promptly Search for the Mur
derous Stranger, and the Vic
tim. Identifies One of the
Men Arrested.
Blow.
Foundmaster's Wife Knocked'
' Senseless by a Vicious
CHINESE FIND
HANGING CORPSE
Fifth— From Fresno out Cherry avenue,
through Fresno Central and Washington
colonies.
The new roads will total 196 miles long
and will open up 'many, large and valua
ble tracts of land and will be the great
est enterprise ever undertaken in Fresno
County.
Third— From Fresno to Selma, via Reed
ley, Sanger and Dinuba and back to
Fresno.
Fourth— From Fresno to Trimmers
Springs, near the mouth of Kings River
Canyon. .'< •
FRESNO, Sept. 21.— Articles of incor
poration were filed to-day by Fresno
Traction Company, and the capital stock
of the new corporation Is $5,000,000. The
incorporates are W. O. Kerkoff, A. C.
Balch, H. P. Baumgartener and .W. E.
Durfey of Los Angeles and A. G. Wlshon
of Fresno, each of whom has subscribed
for large blocks of the stock.
The papers represent an ¦ enterprise
which, for incorporated capital involved,
is the largest with Fresno as a business
center. It is the outcome of the coming
to this valley of Henry E. Huntington
with his electric enterprises, although his
name is not mentioned In the papers of
Incorporation.
The scheme of the promoters is to con
struct five new electric roads, all leading
from Fresno to the adjacent - country,
with a view of opening that territory.
The total length will be 196 miles and it is
expected that all will be completed in two
years.
The new roads will be as follows:
First— From Fresno out Kearny avenue
to Kearny Park.
Second— From Fresno to Wawona, (Sev
enty-nine miles long, via Clovis and
Crane Valley. It Is at this latter place
that the San Joaquin Power Company has
Its storage reservoirs.)
BANDITS SWOOP
UPON A RANCHO
Sheriff Taylor, who was in the upper
part of the ferry depot, rushed out and
investigated. Detective Smith of a private
agency was on watch in the car eheds
Just north of the ferry. He reported that
*.e had been watching a suspicious char
acter lurking around the naf'on and saw
the individual approach one of the freight
cars and stoop down near the trucks. He
T.as about 100 feet away, but claims he
saw the man put something in the truck
axle box. He then fired two shots.
%The man disappeared between the cars
and Smith ran after him, calling him to
halt and emphasizing the command by
two more shots' Upon further investiga
tion a/tcr daylight Sheriff Taylor found
that some of the car boxes had been
eanded with small gravel.
To-nignt t^c force of deputy sheriffs has
been increased, and more detectives have
been brought over by the railroad of
ficials. To-day the company had printed
notices ported prohibiting persons upon
their grounds after certain hours. The
Btrikers hold meetings three times a day —
at 10 a. m. ar.d 3 and 7:30 p. m., In For
esters' Hall. No more men joined their
ranks to-<3ay, while many came over from
San Francisco to work for the railroad
company.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 21.— About daylight
this morning the residents of Tlburon
were awakened by four pistol shots. For
a while great excitement prevailed. Citi
zens rushed out In the streets to learn the
cause of the trouble, and officers and dep
uty sheriffs were running to and fro in
the railroad company's 6tation yard to as
certain the direction of the shots. Every
one thought the 'officers and strikers had
clashed and a general encounter would
ensue.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Five Million Dollars. Is the
Amount of the Capital
Force of Deputy Sheriffs Is
Increased to Prevent
Mischief.
Brutal Attack- Made in
the Daylight Near
Del Monte.
Huntington's Traction
Company Records In
corporation.
Suspicious Man Near
Freight Cars Escapes
Bullets. '^ :
AGED WOMAN
STRUCK DOWN
BY A RUFFIAN
SHOTS STARTLE
TIBURON FOLK
FRESNO RAILWAYS
ARE NOW ASSURED
THE SAIN" IBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1903.
SAYS PARKS \
IMPROVE THE
MORAL. TONE
WAR VETERAN
IS ACCORDED
A CAPTAINCY
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I now 1 Cure
I Weak, Puny Meni
3 Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or wt>rry from S
8 " any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for Q
5 three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man A
<x> of his age. - - -"¦.'•*
c& I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never Intended S
X* by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make better than Q
6 he is; but the man who has been strong and who has lost his strength I can 3
« make as good as he ever was. 8
| S I can give back to any roan what he has lost by violating the laws of y
8 nature. S
8 A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps bad- «
S ly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed. who Is easily discouraged, S
» inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy ft
5 to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. Me- S
8 Laughlln Electric Belt supplies. «
8 The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal §
8 electricity. When you lose that in any manner my Belt will replace It, and $
8 will cure you. &
Pf I have worn your Belt for a little over two months now, and I am better than I 8
w have ever been before. That tired feeling has left me. and my back la all right. 8
8 HENRY DIETRICH. Caldwell, Ida. «
§ Letters like that tell a story which means a good deal to a sufferer. «
ft They are a beacon light to a man who has become discouraged from useless X
g doctoring. I get such letters every day. «
IV My Belt haa a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces Q
« and invigorates them and stirs up a great force of energy In a man. i5
j « I make the best electrical body appliance In the world, having devoted 8
K twenty years to perfecting it I know my trade. My cures after everything 8
6 else has failed are my best arguments. 8
O' Tour Belt haa done me a world of good. My rheumatism Is all gone and I am <%
O feeling very good indeed.. J. J. HENNESSY, Northport, "Wash. §
8 Give me a man who has pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or v
g Joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and sides. Sciatica In his «
: Q hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour C e Q
i g oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. No pain can o
| S exist where my Belt Is worn. o
j g - Mr. G. W. Bremenderfer of Bremerton. ¦Wash., writes: I never tire of telling §
¦ w others what your Belt has done for me. .v
I g They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet In S
« the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt 8
g It Is as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep it causes no 8
« trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing beat from It constantly, but no sting. S
ft n : burning, as In old-style belts. a
£ Call to-day or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes if
g to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it sealed free, If you send x.
ft this ad. 8
I Dr. M. fc,. Mclaughlin, SANF^ CI i& :cALk |
<Qj Office Hours— S a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUFFERED THREE TEARS
&yfir~~^\ With Catarrh of the Bowels*
a. Unable to Find Relief— Pe-
Hcr Son Says: " Mothcr ' s |m -
:^ZaE3/ H rl J J^al HHa — provement Is Remarkable.
Jilt RS. MART M. StARSHALI*. Tlpton, || I 3 _ I
"I have suffered three years with JR I *, \ XRl m
catarrh of the digestive organs and bow- /[¦ I J*^£^J*J i^| \
cla. I -was unable to find relief until as a «i| llV jfc^ i'^a
last resort I was induced to try Peruna. I fjl f jjj 1 . j ¦
began the use of Peruna when I was con- *fl H \\lStrJ^f^ H i il
fined to the bed. and can say that I expe- bM WM^^^f^^^-^^^Wt 1
rienced a benetlt from the first dose. I resSaddfieSiGl aTjitSfft HaJHatif Jiffil
have taken five bottles in all. and I be-
lleve I am cured of my trouble, and am
enjoying as good health as an old lady of y^/fla^n^irW^^^^^^i^^WsS
my age could expect. My age is 77. I \wl\W*ii< fTjT
recommend your medlncine to sufferers MfS-MdW ' HMd/Shdu J&Zjr
whenever I meet them, and others of my ' -?|f * l^$Zjr
friends are using it with great success. 4^^
I -will always feel grateful to you for your
grand medicine and . kind advice, and beneficial results, and I cannot too nlghljr
trust that many others may be as greatly or earnestly recommend Its general use.
benefited as I have been. All letters of -Chas. W. Thompson,
inquiry cheerfully answered." Dyspepsia medicine, diarrhaamedi-
Jn aids? 1 4 ° th ° ab ° Ve M "" Mar9haU ' s cine and constipation medicine is of
"i must say with all candor that my no good whatever when catarrh is the
mother's improvement is remarkable. She causOt J[, o catarrh must be treated.
taking your Peruna Snd SO foiiowed your 7 ho cause being removed the derange-
dietary regulations, and has steadily Ina- men f s w ill disODOOar.
proved during the four weeks' us© of Pe- menxs win aisuppoar.
runa. I think that Is wonderful, consid- If you do not derive prompt and satls-
ering her case Is of three years' stand- factory results from the use of Peruna
Inn." write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
Mr. Chas. W. Thompson. Member of full statement of your case, and he will
Congress. Fifth Alabama District, writes be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
from Washington, D. C: vice grati9. *«».».
"My cashier used your Peruna for to- Address Dr. Hartman, President of The)
digestion with the most unexampled and Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.PHILIPPINES IS HIS SUBJECT,
Nothing has be«en done because there was
nothing: that could be done. We did not "come
here to consider any plan that had been form
ulated. "We came here to try to find one and
we did not. No feasible "plan was presented.
The directors can do nothing.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Th e directors of
the Consolidated Lake Superior Company
after a two hours* meeting: to-day gave
up the attempt to find a plan for saving
the properties of the companies which are
in the hands of Speyer & Co. as collateral
for 1 , the loan of $5,060,000 made by the
banking: house to the company some time
ago, and announced that the stockhold
ers of the company were entirely at the
mercy of the banking firm, which could
sell the stock of the operating companies
in the Consolidated Lake Superior Com
pany at any time they saw fit. With tlie
announcement of this decision came also
a practical acknowledgment that they
believed their plans for financing the com
pany to a sound position had been blocked
at every point by the grreat financial in
stitutions that are behind rival steel com
panies in the United States. After the
meeting, speaking for tho other directors,
Sanborn said:
Directors Give Up Attempt
to Save Their Various
Properties.
Consolidated Lake Su
perior Company Col-
AT THE MERCY
OF THE SPEYERS
PARKS AND ASSOCIATES
MAY NOT BE RECOGNIZED
Committee on Credentials of the International Bridge and
Structural Iron-Workers' Convention Is Opposed to
Seating Representatives of Suspended New York Union
w
PRESIDENT OF INTERNATIONAL. BRIDGE AND STRUCTURAL. IRON
WORKERS AND REPRESENTATIVE OF SUSPENDED NEW YORK
UNION, WHO WILL DEMAND RECOGNITION IN CONVENTION.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— Word was received
to-day that the flshlngr schooner Lilla Fernald.
which waa supposed to have been lost In Wed
nesday's storm, has arrived at Delaware
Breakwater. ¦ ,. £.»',;
PORTAGE. Wls.. Sept. 21.— Traffic be
tween Baraboo and Portage was aban
doned to-8ay. The roads are covered by
from two to six feet of water and the
damage to crops and property by the
breaking of the city levee yesterday Is
estimated at 530,000. Large tracts of corn
north of Prairie du Chien are under wa
ter and the damage will be heavy.
Corn Lands Are Under Water.
New Monetary System for China.
' INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 21.— It was an
nounced to-day by the chairman of the
Internationa* Exchange Commission that
Professor Jenks of Cornell would go to
China within thirty days to confer with
representatives of the Imperial Govern
ment on a plan for a new monetary sys
tem for the empire. The chairman has
Just returned from Europe, where plans
were discussed with the powers.
LONDON. Sept. 21.— Attorney General
Finlay at to-day's session of the Alaskan
Boundary Commission continued his argu
ment on behalf of Canada, citing the ut
terances of American officials and pas
sages in the American case which he
claimed upheld the Canadian contention.
The Attorney General claimed that the
inlets of Alaska must be considered ter
ritorial waters. In this connection Lord
Chief Justice Alverstone called the At
torney General's attention to the con
tention of the Norwegian Commissioners
in the Bering Sea arbitration that the
waters of the fords of Norway were ter
ritorial and that the coast of that penin
sula consequently represented a line
drawn from headland to headland.
The Attorney General claimed that this
principle should be applied to Alaska.
Lord Alverstone apparently was unwill
ing to bind himself to such a sweeping
application and suggested-that owing to
geographical peculiarities it was impos
sible to apply, to Alaska principles ap
plicable elsewhere.
The Attorney General quoted the con
tention of the United States in the Ber
ing Sea arbitration in support of the Can
adian view of territorial waters, but as
the American contention did not prevail
on that occasion, Lord Alvertsone said It
could not now be used in favor of Can
ada.
Attorney General Finlay occupied the
entire day.
Claims That the Inlets
of Alaska Are Terri
torial Waters.
FINLAY ARGUES
BOUNDARY CASE
COLOGNE, Sept. 2L— The correspondent
of the Gazette' at Fez telegraphs that the
Sultan of Morocco - has requested the
French Military Mission, which since 1887
has been training the Shererian troops, to
leave the capital.' ...
OLNEY, 111., Sept. 21.— Residents of the
city and vicinity were j much disturbed
this afternoon by an earthquake shock..
The seismic movement was accompanied
by heavy rumbling, the action seeming to
travel from the south to the north and
continuing several seconds.
Earthquake Jars Illinois Town.
If you will order your engraved Imita
tions announcements, visiting cards and
fine stationery from us you will get the
best work and the lowest prices. San
born . Vail & Co. . 741 Market street. •
Stationery and Printing.
'COLORADO SPRINGS, . Colo., Sept.
21.— The sampler at the Standard Mill In
Colorado City has resumed operations.
This is always a preliminary step to a
resumption of operations at the mill, and
It is believed that an attempt will be made
to start up the plant again in a few days
although the management will neither
confirm nor deny this. The mill has re
ceived several carloads of ore from the
Cripple Creek district In the past few
days. The operators claim that the start
ing of the sampler with non-union men
is another victory for them, while the
strikers maintain that it has no signifi
cance. : i" ' ¦ . t ¦
Standard Mill to Start Up.
A new feature of the case occurred
when .President Whitmore of the Stereo
typers' Union, employed at the Govern
ment printing office, petitioned President
Goxnpera in favor of Miller, urging him
not to give the support of the federation
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The case of
Assistant Foreman W. A. Miller of the
Government printing office, who was re
instated in his position by order of Presi
dent Roosevelt after he had been ¦ dis
missed because of his expulsion from the
local Bookbinders' Union, came up for In
formal discussion at the meeting to-day
of the executive council of the American
Federation of Labor. No statement could
be obtained at the conclusion of the day's
proceedings from President Gompers or
any member of the council in regard to
the matter, and the usual official state
ment of the day's doings given out after
the meeting completely Ignored the sub
ject.
Executive Council of Federation of
Labor Takes Up the Matter. .
DISCUSSES MILLER'S CASE.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 21.—Postmas
ters commissioned: California— Jerome Ful-
Bom Garden Grove: Charles Albrecht. Stalder.
rtreeon— Maud C. Shanabrook, Umpqua Ferry.
WafhTngton— Klmer H. Hall. Downs.
trmy orders— Captain Seymour Howell. pay
master now at San Francisco, is ordered to
thu city Captain Charles S. Farnsworth, Sev-
Inth Infantry is detailed as a member of the
«imlnlns board at the Presidio of San Fran
c?»co vE5 Major Joseph M. T. Partello, Twen
g-gajasaa-jSirMiiiiiiiiii *
H Wheelan; secretary, W. H. Payson;
treasurer, J. J. Fagan; F. W. Dohrmann.
E. T. Sheppard and Messrs. Clark and
Moffitt. . . _, L."' : "'',
The latter two succeeded Horace Davis
and C. A. Murdock, who had served for a
number of years on the council and decid
ed to make way for younger members of
the club.
Of Interest to Febple of the Coast.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 21.— William H.
Collins, an employe of the Parry Manu
facturing Company and a non-union man,
was badly assaulted on the street last
night by a man supposed to be a union
hodcarrier. Collins refused, it is said, to
discuss the respective merits 6f unionism
and non-unionism with his assailant. The
latter struck Collins a vicous blow on
the head. The blow and fall caused con
cussion of the brain from which Collins
died to-day.
Non-Union Man Is Fatally Beaten.
CHICAGO, Sept. -21.— For two days the
police have been searching for Arthur
Eaton, the 11-year-old son of C. W. Ea
ton, 318 Washington Boulevard, and to
night his body was found floating in Lake
Michigan. Two of young Eaton's play
mates declare that the boy while playing
with them was seized and dragged away
by Albert Shupe, who accused young
Eaton of 'stealing J5. Shupe has been ar
rested and several of his conflicting
stories as to. his whereabouts when the
boy disappeared have been proven false.
It is thought by the parents of the boy
that Shupe dragged the boy to the lake
and threw him in the-water. There Is no
direct proof of this, however.
BODY OF A MISSING BOY
FOUND IN LAKE MICHIGAN
Young Man Is Arrested on Suspicion
of Having Thrown the Child
in the Water.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 21.— A cable
pram was received here to-night announc
ing the death of Countess de Champeux
at Chateau Vllluveuve, Cote d'Or, France.
The Countess was an American girl, the
caughtf-r of F. F. Palms of Detroit, and
was' married June 3, 1902. She was born
in New Orleans, although nearly all her
life was> spent in Detroit.
Death of Countess de Champeux.
GALLATIN, Tex., Sept. 21.— A runaway
horse attached to a delivery wagon
smashed three vehicles here this after
noon. Injuring five persons, three fatally.
The injured: Mrs. Smith, right arm
broken, hurt internally, will die; Miss
Hattie Smith, left thigh dislocated; Mamie
Bmith, aped 6 years, skull fractured, both
hips dislocated, will die; Miss Mollio
Baddlock, internal injuries, will die; W.
Watson, wounds on head. Miss Saddlock
v.as in a surrey with four other young la
dJes, all of whom were more or less hurt.
The delivery wapon horse while hitched
became frightened at a toy balloon.
Five Injured by Runaway Horse.
. Nearly all of the independent union
sheet mills are Idle because it is impos
sible to compete with the non-union plants
of the United States Steel Corporation.
The independent sheet mills that are be
ing operated are not complying with the
provisions of the Amalgamated Associa
tion scale. "
A special convention of the Amalga
mated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin
Workers has" been called, to be held in
Pittsburg "some time this week. Events
of this kind have been rare In the twenty
seven years of the organization's exist
ence. The officers refuse to talk on the
subject. It is alleged by old members
that unless something is done at once the
organization will go to pieces. At the
last meeting of Iron City Lodge No. 1,
the oldest and most Influential associa
tion, the members decided to pay no more
dues. George Harbin of Youngstown,
vice president of the Sixth District, has
refused to pay dues, and President T. J.
Shaffer, who went to Youngstown yes
terday and addressed a meeting of the
lodge, suspended Harbin and declared his
office vacant.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Sept. 21.-It is be
lieved here that the United States Steel
Corporation will be confronted by a great
strike ere long. District superintendents
are alleged to be doing all they can to
foment trouble with union employes. The
union workmen have been given some
hard raps and a year ago these actions
would have brought on a general strike
before this. .
District Superintendents Are Invit
ing Trouble With the Unions.
STEEL TRUST FACES STRIKE.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— A bold attempt by
two men to lock themselves in a Michigan
Central Railroad \express car with the ex
press messenger, overpower him after the
train had left the yards at Thirteenth
street, and then rifle the two safes in the
car was frustrated Sunday evening. Wil
liam Ganghin, an expressman, was
knocked unconscious and gagged in the
express car shortly after 8 o'clock in the
evening and then the men discovered he
was not the express messenger, and fear
ing detection, fled. This is the theory of
the railroad officials. The express mes
senger who has charge of the car left
Chicago at 3:30 this morning with one
guard and about $25,000 in two safes in the
car. This money, it is believed, was the
object of the attack of the two men.
Ganghin was taken to the hospital and
it was found that his shoulder had been
dislocated and he had sustained severe
bruises. If he had not been discovered in
the car' in time, the physicians say he
would have smothered to death because of
the gag in his mouth.
Ganghin says nothing was taken from
him by the robbers, which leads him to
believe he received a beating intended
for Express Messenger Hall.
According to the railroad officials eight
or ten weapons are usually kept In the
car. Every evening except Sunday the
car leaves for the East at 9:30 o'clock.
At 8:30, the time of the attack last night,
Hall with an assistant loaded the money
into the car and locked himself in. On
Sunday the train does not leave until 3:30
a. m., and it is believed the change in
schedule on Sunday frustrated the rob
bers' plans.
The news of the extensive purchase
confirms the reports which have been cir
culated in University circles for some
time that the largest medical school in
the world is to oe established on the
Midway. Rush Medical College will form
the nucleus of the institution and it will
be supplemented by the Merrimac Mero
cial Institute for infectious diseases, ex
tensive hospitals for which probably will
l>e constructed on the "cottage" plant.
Possibly the Chicago Polyclinic Hospital
will be added.
CHICAGO. Sept, 21.— One cf the most
extensive real estate deals In the his
tory of the city has practically been com
pleted for the University of Chicago. The
transaction involves the purchase of the
entire south frontage of the Midway
Plaisance, between Cottage Grove and
MadiFon avenupp. at a total consideration
estimated at $1,000,000 for the land and
fJoQ.OOO for the buildings.
With Chicago University Seems
Assured.
Medical Institution in Connection
GHEAT COLLEGE ON SITE
OF MIDWAY PLAISANCE
President Buchanan finally secured or
der and all delegates present sent In their
credentials to the secretary. Then Presi
dent Buchanan appointed as' the creden
tials committee J. P. Carey, William
Shoup. J. J. McNamara. Charles Wins
low. Michael Flaherty, William McCarey
and James O'Brien.
Parks again arose and fairly roared:
"No one has more respect for Kansas
City members of the organization than
I have. But you'll find when you -get
down to examining credentials that a
number of persons traveled 'all the way
here from New York and expect to get
into this meeting. I'm here to help bar
them out and there are a whole lot more
of delegates who will be glad to disbar
them."
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 21.—
The committee on credentials of
the International Bridge and
Structural Iron- Workers" con
vention, it is said to-night, will
report against the seating of Samuel
Parks, of the New York union, when the
convention meets to-morrow morning.
The report against seating the suspended
New York union will, it is eaid, be signed
by five of the seven members of the com
mittee. Delegates Flaherty of Pittsburg
and O'Brien of Pueblo will bring in a mi
nority report favoring the . seating of
Parks and the other seven delegates from
New York. Parks and his followers will
make a, strong fight in the convention,
but the 'outlook for success on their part
is not of the brightest.
President Buchanan called the conven
tion to order at 10:30 this morning, and,
without attempting to address the dele
gates, introduced Mayor James A. Reed,
who extended the city's welcome. When
John Smith, an official in the Industrial
Council of Kansas City, had finished his
response on behalf of the convention
Samuel Parks jumped to his feet. He
wanted to know if the convention had
been called as a gathering of organized
labor or as a public meeting. There were
i in the hall, he said 'some not rightly del
'¦ egates to the convention, and he re
quested that these be removed.
Several delegates attempted to gain the
; attention of the chair, but President Bu
chanan ordered the convention to pro
ceed with the next order of business,
the receipt. of credentials of the different
unions.
Another delegate arose and asked:
' "How can this convention be called to
order until credentials have been passed
on to show who is entitled to sit here?"
President Buchanan replied: "The
proper order of business is the presenta
tion of credentials, and no business can
be done until the credentials have been
passed upon." 2
Parks sprang to his feet again.
"I approve of that ruling," he said,
"and when they are passed on you'll find
a lot of members of Kansas City No. 10
that'll be not allowed in the hall."
A member of No. 10 retorted: "It's my
opinion that any man who carries an In
ternational card is all right to stay in this
convention. I hope that no member of
No. 10 will take at heart this insult just
offered."
The President's attitude toward union
labor came up before Columbia Typo
graphical Union No. 101 yesterday in the
form of a resolution criticizing his course
in the Miller case. The purport of the
resolution was very similar to that adopt
ed and sent throughout the country by
the Central Labor Union. Action on the
resolution, however, was indefinitely post
poned following a statement by a mem
ber that a conference on the subject was
soon to be held between President Rooa#
velt and prominent labor leaders, and that
any action In the meantime would be In
opportune.
to the petition to President Roosevelt
asking for Miller's removal sent out as a
memorial from the Central Labor Union
of this city, and which, it is said. Presi
dent Whitmore characterized as a blun
der. President Whitmore ia a life-long
Republican and also one of the most
prominent union men of the city. It ia
said that some other strong union men at
the Government printing office will Join
Whitmore in his stand.
Mistake a Baggage Man
for Messenger and
Attack Him.
ROBBERS BOARD
AN EXPRESS CAR
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
California University was the next speak
er. He discussed the work of universi
ties and -referred to their valuable ser
vices in the maintenance of modern civil
ized governments, jestingly saying that
they were needful institutions that "fit
men for special Jobs." He congratulated
the University of California on the return
of Professor Moses and added that the
faculty had been reinforced by a great
mind.. '¦'*?''$ T .
Dr.- David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, who was to have
been one of the speakers of the evening,
but was prevented from attending the
meeting, sent a letter of regret, in which
he also took occasion to pay a tribute to
Professor Moses,' who, he wrote, would
be gladly welcomed Into the faculty of
Stanford If such a possibility might be
realized. .
Preliminary to the Introduction of Pro
fessor Moses I the club held its '...-. annual
election of officers and received reports
from various committees. The following
members of the . club's council were re
elected: President, Louis LIsser; vie©
president, A. G. Eels; vice president, ¦ F.
WHEELER SPEAKS.
But there Is a strong probability that the
Filipino labor force will Increase as the sense
of Individual Independence Increases and move
men to break away from their positions of
semi-dependence on their employers. But this
movement of the Filipino toward the position
of the American laborer will probably be slow,
and In the meantime there ought to be a de
mand for more laborers than are at present
available. To this point It Is safe and easy
going. What lies beyond Is a rough road of
diverse opinions.
An It regards the continental territory of
the United States it Is not difficult to frame
a more or less convincing argument in sup
port of the policy involved In the law of ex
clusion; on the ground that the Inconvenience
of getting rich more slowly and unable
to' adjust our households to the Oriental model
Is not lo be compared with the inconvenience
of havlne another race problem on our hands.
But when the Inquiry relates to the Philip
pine Islands the conclusion that applies .here
does not necessarily apply there. Here It
would be bringing together two alien races,
the two most positive and strongest races In
the world, that It would be better to keep
apart. There it would be bringing together,
pot two races, but two kindred peonies, of
whose amalgamation nature seems to approve.
But whether they enter Into elose association
or remain distinct is not a matter of great
moment. The undisputed fact Is that there
ia room for more laborers In the Philippine
Islands to redeem the country from the re-
BUlts of the neglect It suffered In war aad to
make available Hs .vaet undeveloped resources.
If there were only limited resources the
weaker might go to the wall, but the resources
are adequate to the support of a population
of CO. 000. 000. The addition, therefore, of a
few hundred thousand Chinese would drive
nobody to the wall, but by making the islands
more productive would ameliorate the condi
tion of the whole Increased population.
If one was to attempt to make a . compre
hensive statement of the economic status of
the Philippine Islands It would not be difficult
to form a fairly just estimate of the several
¦ material elements. But a considerable diffi
culty would arise In attempting to estimate the
labor force of the islands as a necessary factor
In the general statement. This is the most
; uncertain element In the problem. , It Is un
certain because as yet no one knows what la to
be the result of the awakening of the Filipinos
out of their mediacvallsm. • • •
• THE LABOR QUESTION.
Judgo Taft, first as president of the com
mission and then as Civil Governor, was the
central figure In the work of making a gov
ernment for the Philippine Islands. He was
the official leader by virtue of his appoint
ment by the President. He was the real
leader by virtue of his intellectual power.
His own way was marked out for him by his
strong sense of Justice and his faith In hu
man nature, and he was supported from first
to last by the complete loyalty of his asso
ciates.
TRIBUTE TO TAFT.
It has been said that England's govern
mental dependencies have been the great
schools in which she has trained her most
distinguished statesmen. It is quite possible
that America's governmental dependencies will
servo a similar purpose. Governor Taft went
to the Philippines with the reputation of a
great lawyer; he will return with the added
reputation of a great administrator; and those
who wish the welfare of their country may
look with satisfaction to the possible rise of
circumstances In which the nation as a whole
will receive the advantages of his distin
guished administrative ability.
It is fortunate in this connection that the
affairs of our possession in the Far East, In
to far as they are directed from Washington.
are to be In the hands of . one . who has un
rivaled knowledge of the islands, a profound
sympathy with the best aspirations of the
people and Just and liberal Ideas respecting
the commercial relations of th* Philippines and
the United States. A powerful supporter of
all Just measures relating to the mutual in
terests of California and the Philippine Islands
will be found In Governor Taft as Secretary of
War.
Our geographical position, our magnificent
harbor and our production of wares demanded
In the Orient determine iCallfornla's para
mount interest In the rising trade with the
lands bordering on the Pacific.
Professor Moses made extended refer
ence to the other products and possibili
ties of our island possessions, and, con
tinuing, said:
"What the Filipinos wish is not such a
tariff reduction as will enable them to
undersell the American dealer and thus
disturb the market, but only such a re
duction as will enable them to sell at ex
isting prices and make a profit not greater
than the American's profit. They are ask
ing for only such considerations as will
indicate that the abundant talk about the
benefits of American rule will, not appear
to them as rank hypocrisy or a delusive
mockery. They do not wish words, but
some tangible sign of desirable trade rela
tions with the United States.
NOT DEMANDING FREE TRADE.
"The Filipinos are not demanding free
trade, for it is recognized by those who
have the interests of the Filipinos In mind
that it may be advantageous for yet many
years for the Philippines to have a sepa
rate fiscal organization and policy."
ductlon of which would srive the consum
ers an advantage greater than 'that they
now possess.
At a reception to-night in the Fifth
Regiment Armory, General M. A. Rancy,
commanding general of the Patriarchs
Militant, was presented with a diamond
studded cword by Grand Sire Goodwin
on behalf cf the staff of the grand sire.
Another important matter acted upon
was a resolution requesting the Sovereign
Grand Lodge to cause a revision of tha
Standard Patriarchs Militants' volume.
• At th« meeting to-day of the Patriarchs
Militant a resolution was adopted to per
mit the militant branch of the order to
recruit its forces from subordinate lodges.
The resolution will be presented to the
Sovereign Grand Lodge, the acceptance
of the latter being required before It
becomes a law.
Relief expended In 1902: Relief by
lodges, $3,553,794; relief by encampments,
t2C0,G7; relief by Rebekah lodge, $67,808;
total relief, J3.893.20. Total relief as
ehown by records since 1S30 to 1902 In
clusive, 536.46S.425.
The balance in banks to the credit of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge on July 31,
1SC3. was $35,237.
The condition of the order at the close
of 1302 is shown by returns as follows:
Subordinate lodge membership. Decem
ber 21, 1502, 1.06J.906; encampment mem
bership, 115,190; Rebekah Lodge member
ship, brothers 151.12*5. sisters 25S.S50;
patriarchs militant membership. 17.754.
The total membership of the order, which
includes the subordinate lodge member-
Fh!p and the sisters only of the Rebekkan
Lodge membership, is 1,329.256. The en
campment membership and the brothers
of the Rebekah lodges are not included
in th© above total, as they are subordi
nate lodge members.
Revenue, relief and invested funds are
indicated as follows: Revenues or re
ceipts In 1302: Subordinate lodges, $10,
214,000; encampments. $712,522; Rebekah
lodges, $626,743. Total revenue, lU.553,yu6.
an increase of J771,343 over the preceding
year.
BALTIMORE. Md., Sept 21.— The open
ing exercises of the annual convention
or the Sovereign Grand Lodge of Odd
Fellows began here this morning at 9
o'clock la Ford's Opera House. Grand
Master Edward Rossman or the Grand
Lodge of Maryland delivered an address
of -welcome, which was responded to by
Governor Jonn "Walter Smith on the part
of Maryland, and Mayor Robert M. M,c-
Lane for Baltimore. Grand Sire John B.
Goodwin of Georgia then made an ad
dress, after which the Sovereign Grand
Lodge proceeded to Odd Fellows' Mall
and began Ks executive session.
The annual report cf Grand Sire John
B. Goodtvin. which was read, shows the
order to be in a flourishing condition.
Sovereign Grand Lodge Lis
tens to Reports of the
Year's Work.
Prominent Officials of
Maryland Welcome
Delegates.
GIVE GREETING
TO ODD FELLOWS
THE FAN TBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
3
OCEAN TRAVZL.
S&\C /^tv Steamers leave San Fran-
/O^' '^rV c '- fC o as follows:
Arzl For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
/U/ \SS3& -A Juneau. Hair.t-s, Skagway,
I I \vJKa ! i et '~- A;a«k.-i— 11 a in., ?ept.
I I \Vfc€4/ I is. "23. 25. Oct 3. Change
V>v \i /Si to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatccm— 11 a. m.. Sept. 19.
23. 23. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's Bteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle for Tacoma to N P. Ry. : at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 19. 2*. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 22. 28. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles <via Port Los Arjrelrs and
Redondo). San Dtego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, a a. m
State of California." Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angela (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Pert Harford (Sa»
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Husneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a m.. Sept. 22. SO. Oct. 8.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. IS. 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Ma^dalena Bay. 3an Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia Guayroas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Risht is reserved to change steamers or sail.
Ing dates^
TICKET OFFICES — A New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DCNANN". General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco^
o. /?. e> TV, co.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 2O 30 Oct 10 2O
30. 'George TV. Elder" sails Sept. '23. 'OcU
5. 15. 25. Only steamship linn tf> PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all po'nts.
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer aalls foot of Spear st at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen Agt. Pass. Dept I
Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
00000C©0O00000C?G0GO0O
S IMPORTANT! I
• Change of Sailing Date. •
f S. S. ST. PAUL, |
S ForNomeaodStJicbael •
• ; WILL SAIL ON ®
S THURSDAY, September 24:
g 2 P. M. g
a Instead of 23th inst.. us previously 5
q advertised. *r
• NORTHERN COMMERCIAL. CO.. , •
O »*5 Market St.. San Francisco. ' 0
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOnK-SOLTUAMPTON-LONDON.
St. Louis Sept.W.lO am |Phl!a.. Oct. 14. 1O am
N. Tork.Oct. 7. 1O am 1st. I»uIs.Oct. 21 1O am
ATLANTIC TBANSFOXT lijTE.
New Tork — London Direct.
MlnapIs.Sept. 2J5, 9 amlMasaba. Oct. 1ft. 3 am
Mlnhaha.Oct. S. 3 pm jlIi.ntka.Oct. IT. 1:30pm
Only Flr»t-Claj* Pa»»eng«»r» Carried.
sounnoK liue.
BosJton^-QnaenstO'wn — Liverpool.
N'ew England... Oct. 1 |Commonwealth,Oct. 22
Mayflower Oct. » | New England. .Oct. 2>
OoIumbus(neTir).Oct. 15 j Mayflower Nov. 5
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 12 1 Dominion Oct. 10
Canada Sept. 20 j Kensington Oct. 17
Southwark .' Oct S I
Boston- Rfoditerransan w«=t
AZORES-GIBKALTAR-NAP^FS— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat., Oct. 31, D«c. 12
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
bei> stas T.nre.
New York — Antwerp — Farta.
Kroonlnd.Spt.26. lCam I Finland. Oct. JO. 10 am
Zeeland.Oct. a. tft am ' VaderlPd.Oct.17.10 am •
WKITE STAS ZmISTE. r
Kew Tork — Queensto-rcn — Liverpool.
Salllns Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cymric Sept. 25.8 ami Arabic. Oct. 2. 2::iOpm
Victorian. Sept.2O. noonl Germanic. .Oct. 7. noon
Teutonic. Sept. 3O, noonl Cedrtc Oct. », 7 am
C. D. TAYLOR. Pata«nger Agent. Pacific
Coast, 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
S S ALAMED A. for Honolulu. Sept. 20.11 a. m.
h' S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auclc
"land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. S. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26, 11 a. m.
it. imciasi EEos.es^ <3*j..rxt3t5n:«.s43 ijrtjta
rn$tSaa.3U BarWJL.PhrIa. 7.Pia£xIL
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR C50O TON3
Carrying First and Second CIxm Passengers.
tails Sept- -?. lWi. (cr London and tiamuui^,
Tla Mexican. Central and South Aineriean ports.
Lowest Fares, "nequaled Servlca.
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Ajeata.
643 Marfcet St.. San rrandsco.
Weekly Call; $1 per Year
OCEAN TKAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets.' at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong wIUj steamers for India, etc. No
canro received on board on day of sallinsr
S. S. NIPPON UAtiU f..
TWursday. October 15. 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU \
Thursday, December 3." 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rate! 1 . For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPA QNIB GEKZKALE T&AirSATLA5TIQH.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of ¦JftsS'*
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pier 42. -S*aH3^
North River, foot of Morton St.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Railroad Ticket Ag»nts.
Hare I«land and Vail* Jo Bteamm.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEL.LO—
9:45 a. in., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day"' 7 a. in.. 4 :15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pl«r 2. Misatou-et. dock. HATCH
SBOS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
Get Pears' for economy
and cleanliness.
Sold all over the world.
"I Can't Go
I've such a terrible headache," need
never -fe? said again. Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills quickly cure and positively
prcvenr headache and all bodily pain.
So opi:ii^». Lot. l.-.xiitivtf. BeTrrsoKflubulk.
Cuartn'.eed. All druiffUts- 25 do^e* 23 cents
Ua. Miles Medical Co - EikL&rt. lad.
The onlv baking-powder as
£pod as baking-powder can be
is Schilling's Best'; it is made
to be good.
At your £rocrr'« ; m»<-n,W3»
AD VJSBTIS KMK.N TS.
oenuine-Syrupof. Fic:sAik^r i
The Genuine is Manufactured by the JffiifeWi^lll
California Fig Syrup Co.
The full nam© of th© company, California RIgf Syrup Co., \0^^'^^^^^^^^X
tm printed on the front of every package of the genuine. , ['^V'^^^J^E^al
-•'¦7 •*+**' 1* *-j-f £&• C
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original S^^p|®^^^
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imita- I
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable %S^^^^^8
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should V^P^J-'/^^ffi
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get hs benefidaJ effects. W^&^f. j ?$%$£?
It cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches Sp
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the ;^'2
kidneys, liver r stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed llf -^ |STi8
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial W... fi jpil^ k&
I effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the t -S.^.SBtiraii
Always buy the Genuine— Syrup of Figs f^&C ?//f?^-v^gVii
MANUFACTURED BY THE j^y^^^MlM^^^^ 1 '
Loibvifle. K>c SwvfWjco,(^I. flev j York>^J
£^ *ua nny .cents pnt-aoTTi£ V i«s«S»Florence Roberts Dem
onstrates Talent in
New Piece.
Production of "Carmen*
at Tivoli Unavoid
ably Delayed.
LEBANON, Pa., Sept. . 21.— The Lacka
wanna Iron and Steel Conu>any's five, fur
naces situated here, Cornwall and North
Cornwall, and the coke plant in this city
are at once to suspend operations for an
Indefinite time. Every man is to bo dis
charged. These orders were^ issued to-day
from Buffalo and no reason was given for
the suspension nor will the officials ad
vance any explanation. Two thousand
men are affected.
2000 Men Thrown Out of Work.
Now on exhibition and sale. Ladles'
pocketbooks, wrist bags, netsuki purses,
card cases and bill books, the prettiest
things ever made. Your narn*> In gold let
ters free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. ' •
Fall Line of Leather Goods
"These three officers," says Admiral
Evans, "have proved to the convening au
thority and to the fleet their unworthl
ness hereafter to act as members of a
court martial.. It is sufficient to make
their brother officers blush with shame to
realize that there exist among the com
mand, officers of the navy* at least four—
for that was the smallest number re
quired by law to have arrived at the find
ings and sentence in this, case— who have
so little Interest in maintaining the honor,
dignity and discipline of the service, and
so small an Idea of the binding quality
of tho oath which they took as members
of the court." . .
The Admiral disapproved the sentence
as being wholly Inadequate ¦ and Insuf
ficient, and In order that it shall not serve
as a precedent in future cases. Nicholson
Is a native of California.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— The complete
record o£ the court martial case of Assist
ant Paymaster Richsworth Nicholson, on
the Atlantic station, received at the Navy
Department to-day, contains a severe
criticism by Rear Admiral Evans of the
court which tried* Nicholson because of
the Inadequacy of the punishment Inflicted
by the, court. It was alleged that while
on shore at Chefoo, China, Nicholson be
came intoxicated and assaulted an elderly
civilian. The sentence of the court was
that Nicholson be reduced five numbers
in his grade. Rear Admiral Evans In re
viewing the case says the evidence-was of
such a character that the sentence should
have been nothing less than dismissal
from the navy. Three officers of the court
recommended clemency.
Roundly Scores Mem
bers of Nicholson
Courtmartial.
BERLIN, Sept. 21.— Prince Henry of
Prussia to-day took over tho command of
the Baltic naval station.
Telegraphing to the Grand Duks of
Hesse, congratulating him on tho launch
ing of the^battleahip Hesse, Emperor Wil
liam said:
In future the German navy will be com
posed of armored representatives of all th«
races of Germany. christen«d by the heredi
tary Drincea, and, filled with -the spirit of
patriotism, they will, by tho grace of Ood.
be the pride, treasure and safeguards of th«
Emperor and th» empire.
A dispatch from Kiel gives an indication
of the views of Princ© Henry of Prussia
on the ill-treatment of soldiers and sail
ors. A machinist named Dtttmer, belong
ing to the cruiser Wittelsbach. - '-was re
cently tried for badly abusing a subordi
nate and was sentenced to undergo tweif*
ty-one days' detention. The papers went
before Prince Henry, who to-night decided
that the sentence of Dlttmer should be
degradation.
German Emperor Proposes Ifctr Plan
for the Christening of
Warships.
PBJ1TCE HBNB.Y ASSTTOES
COTVnffATTP OH THE BALTIC
ADMIRAL EVANS
GROWS WRATHY
Strange and often weird experiences In
the realm cf the unseen forces are fre
quently chronicled these days In the
leading magazines and newspapers of tho
country. There has never been a time In
the history of the world when the sub
jects embraced in psychic science have
stood so good a chance of being scientln
cally explained as at the present time.
For his psychological lecture at Stein
way Hall the coming Sunday night, Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall, the famous student and
exponent of these abstruse subjects, win
explain the phenomena of clairvoyance
and mediumship. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall Is
probably the best known psychic scien
tist in the world, and his experiences and
researches In occultism are a valuable
addition to science. Himself possessed
of rare clairvoyant power, -fie Is eminent
ly fitted to expound principles and dem
onstrate the phenomena of clairvoyance.
The lecture will be fully illustrated with
experiments and manifestations of the
strange, occult force called clairvoyance
and telepathy. .
Tyndall Will Explain.
! tors, May Lamson, the contralto. In new
illustrated songs, and the animatoscope,
showing a complete change of moving
pictures, completed an Interesting pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear on
Thursday night.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Sept. a.— Miss
Julia Marlowe made her first appearance
here this season in the new play, "Fools
of Nature," by Henry V. Esmond, at the
Hyperion to-night. The comedy was well
received and Miss Marlowe, who for th«j
first time in her stage life took the part
of a society woman, was enthusiastically
received. The setting 13 English and the
story centers about the infatuation of
Cecil Bannister for Martia, Lady Braches
ter (Miss Marlowe) In love with whom
also is Captain Jim Chivel (Frank Worth-
Ing). The latter through self-sacrlflco
prevents Martia defying social laws.
W. T. Lovell, an English actor, created
the part of Cecil Bannister, and he. with
Worthing, shared the attention given to
Miss Marlowe. After the third act Es
mond was called before the curtain.
The Sothern production la a comedy of
rare beauty, with an Interesting story
set off by elaborate scenery. Miss Harned
received an ovation, and after the first
act the audience compelled Sothern to
come before the footlights and make a
speech. Mlsa Harned. after this week,
will open In Cincinnati in "Iris," and after
a tour in her last year's play that will
extend as far as the Pacific Coast she
will put Sothern's play on the stage In
New York, beginning about the middle of
January.
The dramatization of "Checkers" pro
duced a play full of action that would
probably draw well aside from, the In
terest attracted to ft by the book. The
play introduced Thomas W. Ross as a
star, and he, with Miss Katherine Mul
klns. was heartily applauded. The prin
cipal parts are all excellently taken and
to-night's audience approved the play as
worthy of a Ions run.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21.— Kyrle Bel
lew opened his season here to-night in
the Garrlck Theater In his new play,
"Rafflea," an original production taken
from Hornung'9 "Tales of the Amateur
Cracksman." The house was well filled
and the production wa/i favorably re
ceived. Bellew is ably assisted by E. M.
Holland, who played the part of a de
tective, a character similar to that in
"Jim the Penman," which he created
years ago.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— In the Brooklyn
Academy of Music to-night Henry W.
Savage's reorganized English grand opera
company began its ninth year and four
weeks' season In Brooklyn with a per
formance of "Faust." Savage's English
singing artists received an enthusiastic
welcome. The allotment of parts Included
Joseph Sheehan as Faust, Winfred GofTas
Valentine, Francis J. Boyle as Mephls
topheles, Gertrude Rennlson as Mar
guerite and Rita Newman of San Fran
cisco as Slebel.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 21.— The regular
theatrical season opened in Washington
to-night, and two new plays were offered
to the American public for the first time.
One of them. "Checkers," was produced
In the new National Theater, and was a
dramatization of Henry Blossom's book
of th« same title. The other play, "The
Light That Lies in Woman's Eyes."
brought forth in the Columbia Theater,
revealed E. H. Sothern. the actor, as a
playwright starring his wife. Virginia
Uarned. In one of his own productions.
Both plays drew large audiences, official
society, the army and navy and the regu
lar contingent of first-nighters dividing
their attention between the two theaters.
"Checkers" and- "The Light
That Lies in Woman's
Eyes" Presented.
Opening of Theatrical
Season in Nation's
Capital.
TWO NEW PLAYS
RECEIVE A TRIAL
SPARKLING MUSICAL COMEDY COMES AS EFFECTIVE
FOIL TO THE DREARY SEASON OF TEARFUL PLAYS
Anderson and Wallace, the travesty
artists, displayed their versatility at the
Chutes last night by presenting the mur
der, scene from "Oliver Twist." BUI and
Nancy Sykes have rarely been so well
portrayed In this city. George and Laura
Lewis presented a clever comedy sketch;
Henry Clive, the Australian magician,
puzzled the large audience with his
sleight of hand work, and John LeClalr,
the artistic and refined comedy juggler,
repeated his success of last week.. The
Reese brothers, gun and club manipula-
The -Chutes."
The Central Theater capped the climax
last night and captured a packed house
with its revival of Dion Boudcault's
thrilling melodrama, "After Dark.". The
audience, was given a surfeit of exciting
incidents and the tumultuous applause
proved that the famous old play has lost
none of its power to fascinate and en
thuse. There . were curtain calls at the
end of every act, "and it -Is seldom that a
performance Is so thoroughly enjoyed In
every, detail as was this greatest of all
"tank" dramas.
The scenery was elaborate. The Thames
River is represented by real water, on
which steam launches and rowboats float
and , In which there is a ' heroic rescue
from : drowning. The gambling den raid
and the lightning transformation of . the
den Into a Salvation Army barracks
Central.
"The ! Chaperons" is achleveing- a well
merited success at the California this
week. The piece abounds with pretty
music,. comical situations and high clasu
specialties in which John Sparks, Mabel
Hlte, Thomas Whiffen, W. Vl Struntz.
May Boley, J Genevieve Day, • Arthur
Earnest and Harry Ladell distinguish
themselves.
California.
ONTS THOUSAND SKRVTAIT
OFFICERS IN" THE PLOT
Military Conspiracy Against Begi-
cides an Affair of Large
Proportions.
LONDON, Sept. 2L— The Times' corre
spondent at Belgrade sends, a review of
the situation In Servia, in which he says
the military^ conspiracy at Nlsh jdlrected
at the regicides Is Ta.r graver than the
Government dare- acknowledge. Of a to
tal of 1500 officers 1000 are said to be con
cerned in It, and probably the bulk of the
nation Becretly sympathize with them.
The clique of assassins, however, holds
all the chief civil and military offices, the
keys of the arsenal and the treasury, and
any one crossing' Its path Is doomed. The
King Is surrounded, and many doubt If
he will-ever shake himself free. Minister
Gentchitch, In whoso house the regicide
plot -was. hatched and who conducted the
secret negotiations with King Peter, Is al
leged to possess an Incriminating: letter,
which Is kept hanging over the royal
head. Lately, however, the regicides are
beginning to realize that they have gone
too far and must moderate their attitude.
The elections are looked forward to with
considerable Interest.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 21.— Superior Judge
Hughes to-day sentenced Lyle Cameron and
George Winter to two years each at Folsora
Prison upon their plea, of guilty to a charge
oX tourtfary. •
The programme at the Orpheum this
week leaves little to be desired. There
are two good acrobatic turns, a clever
burletta. two extra good monologlsts, an
Indian princess with a very fine so
prano voice, two teams of comedians and
Kousbys electrical display. Altogether
they give a show hard to beat, either for
cleverness or variety. •
Orpheum.
"The Adventure of the Lady Ursula,"
one of Anthony Hope's most light and
graceful creations. Is also one of Florence
Roberts' most pleasing characterizations.
Her portrayal of the character has the
added merit that it is singularly free from
mannerisms— the little outdropplngs of in
dividuality that so often blemish the most
artistic work. Indeed, It may -be said
truthfully that the Lady Ursula is ap
parent all the time 'and Florence Roberts
is Invisible. It is only consummate art
that renders this . possible, and that art
has long ago been conceded as being hers.
The audience that applauded' her last
night filled the house to the doors and
was more than' ordinarily select and In
telligent, one that was quick to respond to
the delicate flashes of humor in the play
and to the nicety of the acting. It was,
however, a persistent audience and would
not be denied when it recalled Miss Rob
erts and Mr. Henderson at the close of
the pretty third act after the admirable
love scene between Ursula and Sir George
Sylvester, who, as personated by Lucius
Henderson, is made abnormally handsome
for a mlsogamlst. Mr. Henderson is ex
cellent support, manly, and with sufficient
pulchritude of form and feature to render
It easy for the audience .to sympathize
with Lady Ursula for falling in love with
him. He dresses elegantly also, the time
of the play, In the latter end of the ro
mantic days, enabling all the characters
to do 60, and he possesses the rare faculty
of being virile without coarseness, and
refined without effeminacy. Outside of
these two leading roles there is not much
for the remaining members of the com
pany to do. In the small part of Mrs.
Fenton, Miss Fanny Young proves a good
fit, acting the old lady with becoming dig
nity. Miss Bertha Blanchard Is very ac
ceptable as Dorothy. William - Yerrance
exhibits considerable character in his
handling of the part of Rev. Mr. Blimboe,
but at times he coarsened the personation
In the attempt to be funny. But every
thing goes in a comedy and it is. permis
sible to laugh even at a clergyman of the
Alcazar.
Kolb, Dill, Bernard and the ojher fun
makers continue to extend "The Glad
Hand" to crowded houses at Fischer's
Theater, which was packed to the doors
last night. It is composed of the best
selections from the Weber & Fields' suc
cesses and the fun is kept up from start
to finish. The doll scene excites the
rislbles of the audience to the highest
point. The songs of Miss Amber, Miss
Jenkins, Winfleld Blake, Harry Hermsen,
Miss Vldot and Misses Hope and Emer
son are catchy and tuneful, especially
"My Cocoanut Lu," by Blake. "The Con
curers," a travesty on the play "The
Conquerors," Is also full of fun. One of
the most taking features in It is the quar
tet, "Honey, Will You M*bs Me When I'm
Gone?" which was repeated several times
last night. The audience could not get
enough of the song, "It Was the Dutch,"
by Kolb, Dill and Bernard. Miss Am
ber's song, "My Pauline," was charmingly
rendered and received with vociferous ap
plause. The song and dance, "Honey,
Send Home for Money," by Flossie Hope
and Gertie Emerson, proved not the least
attractive feature of the travesty.
Fischer's.
Next week comes James Neil and a spe
cially' selected company In "A Gentleman
of France."
Ivy , Pollard, in the title role, was as
charming as ever. Her part Is a difficult
one and she handles It in a very credit
able manner. Irene Gouldlng was another
young miss who charmed her hearers
with the music of her voice' and who
shows great talent for acting. Willie Pol
lard, in the character of an old salt,
created plenty of amusement with topical
songs and eccentric dances. He Is a born
comedian. Connie Pollard, and Willie
Thomas also had humorous parts, . In
which they appeared very advantageous
ly. The other little ones, of the company
furnished support commensurate with the
work of the principals.
"Dorothy" will be presented' this even
ing and to-morrow night. Thursday and
Friday nights and the Saturday matinee
will be given to the production of that
old favorite, "H. M. S. Pinafore." The
last performance of the -company's en
gagement will be "The Belle of New
York," In which the children have been
particularly successful.
The clever little children of the Pollard
company presented "Paul Jones" very
successfully at the Grand Opera-house
last night. The opera Is full of interest
ing features and the talented juveniles
made the most of every opportunity. The'
audience expressed its full appreciation of
the production with continual applause.
The little people of the stage appeared to
enjoy It all as much as any of their hear
ers. The opera has a nautical setting,
nearly all the songs are new and catchy.
Daphne Pollard, the precocious 5-year
old, was the favorite of the audience. She
was encored time and again after each of
her special performances. Alice Pollard
was also particularly pleasing in a part
which gave her ample opportunity to
demonstrate her exceptional vocal ability.
Her pretty face and sweet voice are
enough of capital to make her a star in
any company.
Grand Opera-House.
makes an effective stage surprise. Final
ly, there. Is an underground railway
through which an express train rumbles.
George P. Webster, in the character of
Old Tom, and Ernest Howell, in the He
brew impersonation of Dicey Morris, won
the audience. Herschel Mayall, Eugenie
Thais Lawton, Edwin T. Emery, Henry
Shumer and Genevieve Kane furnished
portrayals that were artistic and satis
fflng and which called forth frequent
plaudits. The cast Is unusually large and
well balanced.
In the Elysium Music Hall scene there
were enough, clever specialties to make
up a vaudeville show. Myrtle Vane and
Millar Bacon sang a burlesque duet with
fine effect and Miss Vane rendered In an
admirable style Lee Johnson's new song,
"My Pauline," assisted by Mr. Bacon and
Myrtle Dingwall. Little Beyna Belasco
delighted the house with her clog and
buck and wing dancing, and "Kid" Mor
ris, a 9-year-old boxer, surprised every
body with his cleverness at fisticuffs. Pro
fessor Al Hazzard's ventrlloquial essay
was a rich entertainment and his laugh
ing sons scored a big success in the gal
lery. All the specialties were heartily en
cored. ,• ¦ *
The star number of the programme is
"The American Girl," Mlsa Frigranza's
song, where girls from the different cities
make their characteristic bows. Here
was the only gold brick of the comedy.
Miss San Francisco, in other cities the
breezy person who appears on the pictures
outside the theater in red— like the girl
in last Sunday's colored supplement of
this paper— came out In demure and Nile
ful green, with the manner of a born
Duchess. If you really want to know,
Miss San Francisco is the girl on the
other side, humorously labeled Gotham.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Miss Trixie Friganza, a large-eyed
handsomely made girl, with a pleasant
voice and stunning wardrobe, is the femi
nine star. MIs3 Friganza brings style,
chic and spirit to the widow's role and
made a smashing central figure. She has
a rose gown that deserves a column itself.
Idalene Cotton, whose welcome stopped
the comedy for some moments, was a sin
gle sparkle as a French maid, light of
heel, inspired of accent and with more zip
to the moment than goes to most hours.
Nick Long (for who could separate this
favored couple?) was a wonder as a con
cierge. One wished for more of these two.
Arthur Donaldson, a Swedish actor,
once an Ibsenite, was a dashing.. Prince
of Pilsen proper. He is generally effec
tive, sings well, looks well and has the
proper bravado for the part. One very
pretty song he has is "Pictures in the
Smoke." Another song that carries Is
"The Message of the Violet," sung In a
taking tenor and very tastefully by
Henry Taylor, as Lieutenant Tom. Wag
ner. Ruth Peebles and Elmyra Forrest
Lockwood are both dainty and charming
members of , the cast and the rest all
please. \
is one of the funniest ever heard here.
Everything from the invention of sauer
kraut to the building of the Shamrock is
here unctuously ascribed to the father
lander, and Mr. Dandy sang it to the tune
of several encores.
The audience at the Tlvoli met its first
disappointment of the season last even-
Ing. "Carmen" was to be put on with
Signorina Cleo Marchesini in the title
role. Yesterday the Signorina was afflict
ed with a sore throat and the manage
ment was compelled to put out the an
nouncement that "Carmen" would not be
performed until to-morrow evening, ow
ing to the Indisposition of Marchesini.
A large audience assembled, but many
went away when it was apparent that
the Carmen who is new to San Fran
cisco wajs not to appear. In place of
"Carmen," "La Sonnambula" was given
with the same caBt as before, Including
Tromben, Dado, Tedeschl, Zani, Welch
and Nettle Deglow. The house was very
well filled. The applause in places was
quite marked, but the disappointment at
the necessity for substituting "La Son
nambula" for "Carmen" was manifest.
This evening "La Travlata" will be
given. To-morrow evening "Carmen"
will be performed. These two opera3
will alternate during the remainder of
the week.
Tivolf.
church of England. The play is carefully
mounted and the costuming elegant.
"There aro majir people who say the
drama has no place in the world except
as a matter of amusement. To which I
say. In the language of the modern youth
of America, 'Fudge!' (Laughter and ap
plause.) I deplore greatly the fact that
everything from plays of a serious na
ture down to the prizefight are arranged
in the cne column labeled 'Amusements'
in the dally panr re. No one would think
Referring to the lack of appreciation
of the worth and position of the drama,
Mr. Greet said:
The speaker then paid a fitting tribute
to the memory of Shakespeare, saving
in his culojry that "his birth was " the
greatest event in the life of the drama
he Eet the dramatic standard."
"Much is due to the part the church
played, for mankind must admit that in
the daj's of the so-called chivalry the
church alone kept alive all forms of art,
including the drama. Plays were not only
written- but acted by the priests them
selves."
"Voltaire has said that a nation may
be judged by its drama. I would make
it broader and say that the character of
a nation may be judged by its art, In
cluding- music, painting 1 , sculpture and
lapt but not least, the drama. Up to the
sixteenth century progress in art was
slow; before that time art had 'flourished
chiefly in architecture. The introduction
of the art of printing at about this time
revolutionized things. The old world was
just ready to be aroused from a long pe
riod of harbarism.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept 21.—
Ben Greet never met with a heartier re
ception than that accorded him at As
sembly Hall this moraine when he ad
dressed the second general assembly of
the semester. The distinguished actor
was introduced by President Jordan and
spoke very entertainingly on the English
drama and the part it plays in the world's
affairs. He eaid in part:
Students Are XTrg-ed to Wbrfs for In
terests of I>rania.
ADDRESS BY BEN GREET.
Professor A. G. Newcomer of the Eng
lish department followed Mr. Greet with
a few remarks on the Elizabethan stage.
He praised the work of the Elizabethan
State Society of London In fostering the
old English plays.
The fun begins early, with the appear
ance of Hans, brewer by right of every
vein of him, In the midst of the bowing
population at a Nice hotel. He here soon
gets into a scrape with a jealous English
lord, who loves the -widow. The lord de
vises a duel built for one, In which the
person unlucky enough to get the wrong
toss of a coin has to shoot himself. The
fate falls to Hans. He takes the pistol,
dipappears, and the fatal shot Is heard.
Then the brewer appears smiling with the
eloquent explanation: "Missed!" It is
still more joyous when the man from
Cincinnati gets tangled up with a foun
tain of real water after a night spent on
a billiard table at "Fifty cents an hour!—
oh, my!" Jess Dandy has the role, and
to a face and laugh that seem made for
it, adds ripe humor that gets the best
from it. Some of his sayings will be cur
rent coin within the week, and he has an
interpolated sone, "It Is the Dutch." that
of getting up 'Antigone' as a lark. 'The
Knight of the Burning Pestle,' though
amusing, means work in preparation."
Mr. Ureet's closing- remarks were di
rected toward the influence of the women
of the drama. "I had an awful vision,"
said the speaker, "of reading these lines
to a handful of mere men. (Laughter.)
What has Shakespeare done for woman?
He has exalted her as no other writer
has ever done. Examine his plays and
in the one hundred women characters
there are not more than six of whom any
nation would not be proud.
"I ask you women to use your ! great
Influence to inculcate the desire for good,
common sense dramas among your friends
—male and female. (Applause.) Let your
matinee idol be a beautiful play rather
than a beautiful man."
"The Prince of Pilsen" has no particu
lar plot to affright the idle. In fact It
seems to be all those things musical
comedy should be and to have left un
done all those things it ought not to have
done. Hans Wagner is the center of the
story. Hans is a Cincinnati brewer, who
finds himself mistaken In Nlca for the
Prince of Pilsen, who Is expected there.
He" has a daughter, the Prince has an
affectional vacancy and a sense of humor,
there is an oh, so attractive New York
widow, and there you are. Simplicity
Itself. The Prince ! of cwirse abets the
mistake of the Nice people and marries
Hans' daughter, Hans pairing off with
the widow. But this simple and by no
means youthful material Is worked up
with notable skill and fun. Comical scene
follows comical scene as fa3t as the
Orpheum biograph runs, anil they all
seem new. Then there isn't the shadow
of a sextette, and the trail of "The Lit
tle Duchess" is far from it. The jokea
seem born on the spot, not lugged in from
everywhere else. So, also, the lyrics. Al
together, as the prelude of the lighter
winter fare, the end of the serious sea
son, "The Prince of Pilsen" is about as
attractive stuff as one could ask.
IF the bunch of musical comedies that
Impend at all resemble "The Prince
of Pilsen," whose first night was
last night at the Columbia, there Is
joy ahead for the public and critic.
"Where so lately Dick Dudgeon went to
his death with an epigram on his lips,
and Villon flung defiant verse in Louis'
teeth, Hans Wagner now asks: "Vos
you effer in 'Tinzlnnati?' " This may not
be inherently funny, but it looks that
way with Jess Dandy behind it. Not that
this is the whole humor of It. The lines
of "The Prince of Pilsen" can be laughed
at without strain, and there are besides
whistleful lyrics galore, a hilarious story,
point, fun, and a cast of glittering effec
tiveness. Needs not be said with a Henry
Savage production that the scenic sld©
is all it should be, and the frou-frou of
the freshest and smartest.
"Prince of Pilsen" Proves
Tuneful, Bright
and Merry.
To-morrow night the Frohman company
will be seen in the Shakespearean play
"Twelfth Night." Ben Greet will take
a leading part in the drama and Indica
tions point toward a very enthusiastic re
ception for the actor.
The appearance of the Deity in the pro
duction at the University to-night was a
feature not usually followed in the pro
duction of the morality play. Adonat. as
the Lord is named in Hebrew, was robed
in red and gold with a golden helmet and
halo. While his solemn monotone was
strikingly unusual It could hardly be said
that the Introduction of the Deity added
anything to the solemnity of the produc
tion.
"Knipht of the Burning Pestle" by the
Stanford English Club. The players ap
proaching the stage from the body of the
house also was a familiar sight to those
who witnessed the Beaumont and
Fletcher comedy.
The cast was unusually clever and well
balanced. Of course Everyman was the
Ftar, and yet the work of many of the
minor characters was hardly less brilliant.
Ilrs. CrawJey's depicting of Everyman
v.-as easily tJhe best piece of acting ever
seen In Assembly Hall. So feelingly did
Fhe play the rart that there were not a
few of her hearers who were visibly
moved by the pathos.
T*ie stage setting, simple and severe, re
minded one not a little of the Elizabethan
stage used in the productions of the
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept 2t—
Sixteen hundred people filled Assembly
Hall to-nigrht and 'listened In profound
¦Hence to the production of "Everyman,"
the English morality play. Unique in its
character, "Everyman" more than met
the expectations of the college commun
ity. During: the more touching- scenes of
the <lrama, and in fact during mos: of
The presentation, the most striking feature
of the evening was the "almost deathlike
ftlllness that pervaded the audience.. Par
ticularly was this true in the scene
v.-hvre Everyman supplicates Good Deeds,
Who,!* lying in a weakened condition, to
iiccompany him on his journey.
The play Itself seemed to captivate the
audience. Interest In the performance,
had it T^ded intensification, was
strengthened by the lectures on the play
given by members of the English depart
ment faculty and by Ben Greet's address
this morning. The college community
turned «out en masse this evening- and
among the audience were many also from
off the campus.
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
Celebrated Production Deep
ly Impresses the Ool-.
legians.
"Everyman" Presented
on the Stage at
University.
MORALITY PLAY
WINS STANFORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
SOME CLEVER AND POPULAR STAGE
FOLK AND SCENES FROM PRO
DUCTIONS AT LOCAL THEATERS.
4
NEW FURNISHINGS
F6R MEN =
A I KELLER'S
Splendid lines in every department. Qualities that will win you at
prices that are easy to pay. The Keller plan is to give you the best that
your money can buy— all the time. Come in to-day.
Neckwear Novelties. J h Z new Shirt Stvles Usht col °«d m»-
Wd gray effects in tne W Fre°nch , ? S3^^4&
four-in-hand shape. Entirely new In soft or stiff bosom. On c pa£
colorings, designs and shapes. ' link cuffs with each shirt
Extra good quality. Kel- sfl fi Keller's price einA
ler's price DUG * *//* §S.OO
Fflie HOSiery. e T - gray « ffcct3 « Another line-Small figured per-
7 ag i? Str J pe , and two - cale bodies - with French pique
toned figures. Also, dark grounds bosoms and cuffs to match
SMS2fi?h S 3 - / Iain Colorings and designs entirely
silk embroidered clocks and em- new and genteel Keller's
S^U^ 25c ¦*?. .::::::::•— $1.00
It Sta-nds Aixjkb.— The « Favorite Pre-
scription" stands alone, as the one and
cniy remedy for these distressingly com-
mon forms of weakness, possessed of euch
positively specific curative properties as to
warrant its* makers in proposing, and
binding themselves to forfeit, as we, the
undersigned proprietors of that wonderfu 1
remedy hereby do, to pay the com of f 500
in legal money of the United States in any
case of the above diseases in which after c
fair and reasonable trial of our treatment,
we fail to cure. - No other medicine for
'the cure of woman's peculiar ailments is
backed by sttch a remarkable guarantee ;
no other medicine for woman's ills is pos-
sessed of the unparalleled curative prop-
erties that would warrant its manufacturers
in making such an offer ; no other remedy
has such a record of cures on which to base
euch a remarkable offer.
Therefore^ insist on having Dr. Pierc*.*s
Favorite Prescription and, turn your back
on' any unscrupulous dealer who would
insult your intelligence by attempting to.
foist upon yon some inferior enbstitnte,
tinder the plea that "it is just as good."
Insist on having the. article which has a
record of a thini of a century of cures and
which is backed by those willing to forfeit
$500 if they cannot cure you-
In cases attended by a Iencorrheal drain
a solution of Dr. Pierce's Lotion Tablets
ehonld be used conjointly with the use 0/
the "Favorite Prescription." They are sold
by all druggists, or sent post-paid to any
address, on receipt of 25 cents in stamps.
Send 31 cents in stamps for Dr. Pierce's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. Address
World's DzspsitSAaT, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. E. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N; Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness.
So cnifonnly eaccessfal has Dr.'Pierce's
Favorite Prescription proven in all forms
of Female Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb, and Le-ncorrhea, that, after over
a third of a century's experience in curing
the worst cases of these distressing and
debilitating ailments, Dr. Pierce now feels
fully warranted in offering; to pay $500 in
cash for any case of these diseases which
he cannot cure.
* WHO CAKKOT BE CURED.
pdUU ForVTOnvEM
DB. PIZHCE'S BEMEDIJES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WOMAN WHO MUST STAXD
TRIAL FOR MURDER OF HER
HUSBAND.
Bcnolt Hallgarten, executor of the will
of the late Adolphe Hallgarten, petitioned
the Superior Court yesterday for leave to
compromise a claim for $2S.5"1 held by the
oKtate against Maurice Kahn and for
which he had secured judgment. He asks
the court for leave to accept Kafcn's four
notes for 55000 each and his assignment of
his legacy cf v j20.000 left him by Hallgar
ten in lieu of the judgment.
Would Compromise Witli '*?«>' r»
When the case of Horn Doon, -charged
with subornation of perjury, was called
in Judge Cabaniss" court yesterday the
drfendant, who had been released on $1000
bail. Tvas not present. A bench warrant
was Immediately issued for his arrest and
his bondsmen. Him Ying, a merchant at
~Z\ Dupcnt street, and Yuen Hang, a mer
«iiant at SS7 Washington street, were
cailed to account. Both bondsmen assert
that Horn Doon is not trying to "jump
M« bail." but that he was detained where
he is working in the country and will pre
sent himself In court as soon as he can
get here.
Chinese Perjurer Missing.
Officer McMurry of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
Police Officer T. D. Dillon arrested Mrs.
Maige Parnow and Mrs. Nora Curley at
41S 1 -. Seventh street yesterday, the first
named for cruelty to children and the
other for vagrancy. It is alleged that
both women are given to hard drinking
and that they neglect to properly provide
lor their children, who are said to be only
half-clothed and nearly starved. Secre
t >rv White of the children's society as
srrts that he had Mrs. Parnow arrested
'.as-t y»ar for Hi-treatment of her baby.
Two Women Are Arrested.
Nothing further was done in the matter
and Bachman left the building without
further loss of Time.
All the witnesses except the one on the
stand were excluded from the courtroom,
and when Bachman left the room Wnn's
putative father. Won Ah Li. was called.
When asked as to the purchases testified
to by Bachman he made b flat denial and
said that he had not been in the Bach
man store within a year at the latest.
Banning called Bachman into the room
and after introducing him. to Deputy
T'nlted States Marshal Benas, said:
"You have committed perjury in this
case, and if I ever catch you In this
courtroom again I'll have you arrested."
"Well." said Bachman, shaking all over,
"I want to explain to you."
"I don't want anything to say to you,"
purtued 'Banning.
At this juncture O. P. Etidjer. attorney
for Won Ah Foo, came up and said: "Oh,
Lord, why did you swear that way?"
"There!" said Bannins. "your own at
t"rnev admits that you were lying."
The grilling of Bachman occurred dur
ir.g the taking of a deposition In the case
of Won Ah Foo, a Chinese arrested in
Montana for being unlawfully In the
country. Won claimed to be a native of
Fan Francisco and called as his principal
white witness young Bachman. Bachman
swore that he knew AVon since infancy
and knew that Won was a native of San
Francisco's Chinatown. He also knew
Won'e rejected father and saw him not
later than a month ago, when the ven
• rable gentleman who poses as Won's
father came Into the hardware store and
made several extensive cash purchases.
Among the Items of this transaction
were six axes, six saws end other useful
implements.
Charles Bachman. who assists his
father in conducting a hardware and gun
shop at 717 CUy street^will not again ap
pear voluntarily as a witness in a Chi
nese deportation case so long as his
recollection of the raking over he re
ceived yesterday from First Assistant
United States Attorney J2. J. Banning re
mains green.
His Testimony Is Refuted
by That of an Old
Mongolian.
Attorney Drury also forced the drug
clerk to admit that prescriptions were left
on a file for one or two weeks before
they were pasted In the prescription book,
and the witness further admitted that
Peterson further testified that he iden
tified Mrs. Sutton as the woman who pre
eented the forged prescription on account
of the "peculiar look in her eyes and by
the dark circles under her eyes."
On his nrevlous examination Peterson
was unable to give any evidence to thow
that he had. noted anything peculiar about
the person who had presented the forged
prescription. He was unable to say at
that time If the person had worn a hat
or a coat, or veil, or any other particular
garments.
Attorney Drury, for the defense, sub
jected Peterson to a rigid cross-examina
tion. He forced the witness to admit that
he had not previously testified to any
peculiar trait* of the woman who pre
sented the forged prescription because "he
had forgotten to do so, and he had not
-tjeen asked to testify on that particular
line."
IDENTIFIED BY HER EYES.
Peterson testified that since- he was last
examined he had refreshed his memory
by consulting the prescription book of the
drug store in which he was employed.
He testified that the forged prescription
for the arsenic was presented and filled
by him on August 20, last, after 3 p. m.
and before 6 p. m.
J. C. Peterson, the drug clerk at the
store at Fifth and Clementina streets,
who previously testified to having sold an
ounce of arsenic on a forged prescription
hearing the signature "Dr. McLaughlin,"
and who claimed that the forged pre
scription had been presented to him by
Mrs. Sutton. the sister of Mrsr Bowers,
was recalled by the prosecution.
The prosecution then presented the tes
timony of a number of saloon keepers to
prove that Mrs. Martha E. Bowers was in
the habit of drinking with Patrick Ler
vey during the live months previous to
the dtath of Martin L. Bowers. The de
fense objected to the introduction of this
line of evidence as being immaterial to
the charge of murder, but Judge Cabaniss
allowed it to be introduced subject to a
general objection on the part of the de
fense. The testimony of the saloon keep
ers was introduced by the prosecution In
crder to carry out the theory that inti
mate relations had existed between Pat
rick Lervey and Mrs. Bowers, thus fur
nishing a motive for the alleged murder
of Bowers by his wife.
the Superior Court by Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Her sister,
Mrs. Zylpha C. Sutton, who was accused
by the prosecution of having purchased
the deadly drug that caused the death of
Bowers, was dismissed from custody. '
The hearing of testimony yesterday ac
cupied two sessions and elaborate argu
ments were made for the* prosecution and
the defense.
The evidence offered by the prosecution
consisted of the testimony of Robert Kav
anaugh. paying teller of the Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, and a number
of witnesses who testified to seeing- Mrs.
Martha E. Bowers and Patrick Lervey
together on many occasions.
Kavanaugh, the bank clerk, testified
that Martin L. Bowers and his wife,
Martha E. Bowers, had a joint account
in the bank in which he was employed.
He testified that on August 27, last, Mrs.
Bowers drew from the bank the- Bum of
J250S. The prosecution sought to show by
this witness that Mrs. Bowers had a
financial motive in causing the death of
her husband, but the defense brought out
In cross-examination that In a joint bank
account either party had a perfect right
to draw the money from the bank at any
time. The defense was prepared to show
that Mrs. Bowers drew the money from
the bank because her brother-in-law,
Harry Bowers, sought to secure an in
junction to prevent her from touching the
money on deposit.
CONSORTED WITH LEEVEY.
nRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS,
charged with the murder of her
husband by the administration
of arsenic, was held for trial in
Witness Is Threatened
With Arrest by At
torney Banning.
Police Judge Cabaniss Decides That Evidence Warrants Trial in
Superior Court of Accused Widow of Dead Man, but Orders
Her Sister, Mrs. Zylpha C. Sutton, Discharged From Custody
BACHMAN HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
HOLDS MRS. MARTHA BOWERS
TO ANSWER MURDER CHARGE
Thla : summer's service on- the California
Northwestern Railway has been very popular
with the traveling .publlo and won many
friends. • -. »
Commencing Sunday,' September 27, 1903, the
usual: winter schedule on all.' division* of' thin
road will take effect.
California Northwestern Kail way.
CHANGE IN SCHEDTJXE ON THE
The creditors of the estate of the late
Thomas Bell yesterday filed an opposition
to the petition of John B. Carson/ for an
allowance for Ernest and Reginald Bell,
minor children of ; the deceased. They
claim the estate is insolvent and should
be declared a trust fund for the benefit of
the creditors. It is estimated that the
estate owes $300,000, and shouifl not there
fore be taxed with an allowance for the
children. The allowance" heretofore made
the Bell children was discontinued last
November. t
Allowance for Bills Opposed.
Both bride and groom are widely known
in. San Francisco and the announcement
of their matrimonial affair will no doubt
bring to the happy young couple the con
gxatulations and best wishes of their
many friends.
The temporary absence- from this citv
during the last few days of J. B Duffy
city passenger agent of the Santa Fe
Railroad, was explained late . yesterday
when the surprising bit of Information
was passed along railroad row tKat Duff v
had quietly Journeyed over to Colorado
Springs and there married Miss Mabel
Witts of thla city. - S3 MabeI
Ticket Agent Duffy of the Santa Pe
Road Surprises His
Friends.
QUIETLY , MARRIED AT
COLORADO SPRINGS
At a recent meeting: of the patrolling
special police officers of the city of San
Francisco Samuel Daggett waa elected
president and Paul Schmidt permanent
secretary. Both selections were unani
mous. Daggett and Schmidt ' are very
popular officers and hold important beats.
Their vigilance has be*n responsible for
the prevention/of much crime as well as
for many Important captures. '
Five new members were added to the
roll and the second Tuesday of each
month was aet as a regular meeting day.
The meeting: place will be Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street. Great interest Is
manifested by the specials in their organi
zation. Its purpose is to bring about
means that will enable them to render
more efficient police service and to keep
In closer touch with one another.
and Paul Schxnitz Named Secre
tary of Organization.
Samuel Daggett Selected President
SPECIAL POLICEMEN
CHOOSE OFFICIALS
prescriptions were not always numbered
consecutively and dated at the time they
were presented for filling, but that this
was done later on.
Police Officer Tom Coleman testified to
finding a note book at the Bowers home.
The prosecution sought to prove by this
evidence that the forged prescription was
written on a page torn from this note
book r.nd that the texture of the paper
was the, same as that of a note written
by Mr?. Bowers to her brother-in-law,
Mrs. Bowers haHog admitted to the po
lice that the note in question was written
on a page torn from the note book sub
sequently found by the police.
CAbE CLOSED AND ARGUED.
After District Attorney Byington had
announced that the case was closed for
the people. Attorney Drury. for the de
fense, moved for a dismissal. Judge Ca
baniss stated that he would hear argu
ments of counsel at the afternoon session
of court, and the hearing was then ad
journed until 3:20 p. m. V
At the afternoon session of court At
torney Drury, for the defense, again re
newed his motion to dismiss the defend
ants. He claimed that a public offense
had not been established and if estab
lished that there was not sufficient evi
dence to connect the accused women with
the crime.
Attorney Drury skillfully argued that
while the evidence showed that four
grains of arsenic had been discovered in
the stomach of Martin L. Bowers
there was no proof that the presence of
the four grains of poison had caused
death. He said that no proof had been
presented to show that arsenic had been
discovered in the circulation of the de
ceased and that the only direct testimony
of death was that of Autopsy Surgeon
Bacigalupi to the effect that death was
due to fatty degeneration of the kidneys
and that the state of the kidneys might
have been due to natural causes or to
other reasons.
The counsel for the two women further
argued that the prosecution had not pre
sented the slightest proof to establish Its
theory that Bowers had been subjected
to systematic arsenical poisoning for a
period of three months.
SCORES THE DRUG CLERK.
The only evidence of the purchase of
arsenic was that of the drug clerk, Pe
t .-non, argued Attorney Drury, and he
had testified that he was of opinion that
Mrs. Sutton was the person who had pre
sented the forged prescription, but the
drug clerk had been unable to give any
positive information . as to her identity
until after he had been recalled by the
prosecution and was unable to positively
fix the date of the presentation of the
prescription until he had been given an
opportunity to .consult the prescription
book.
Attorney Drury scored the evidence of
Handwriting Expert Eisenschtmmel and
eald that even if the evidence of Drug
Clerk Peterson and Expert Eisenschimmel
were true no evidence had been produced
by the prosecution to connect the ac
cused women with the crime of murder-
Ing Martin L. Bowers by administering
arsenic. For that reason Drury asked for
a dismissal. ,
BYINGTON MAKES REPLY.
District Attorney Byington replied for
the prosecution and said that the only
way for a Judge or Jury to decide was
from the surrounding circumstances in a
case. He argued that the evidence pre
sented could not bring a reasonable
thinking person to any conclusion but
the one that the defendants were guilty
as charged. Attorney Byington went over
the evidence as presented and claimed
that Martin L. Bowers met his death by
arsenical poisoning and that the drug
was administered by his wife, Mrs. Mar
tha E. Bowers, and that her sister, Mrs.
Sutton, was a party to the crime; that
she had purchased the drug well knowing
for what purpose it was Intended. Bying
ton asked that both women.be held for
trial in the Superior Court.
Attorney H. Mclsaacs also addressed
the court on behalf of the defendants
following the same theme of argument as
outlined by his associate, Attorney Frank
Drury.
Judge Cabaniss in announcing his decis-
Thursday evening will be devoted to' a
mass-meeting at Washington Square Hall,
in which the North Beach Progressive
Club will take a leading part. There is
also to be a mass-meeting downtown Fri
day, the particulars of which will be an
nounced at the gathering to-night.
The Civic Federation of San Francisco,
a coalition of clubs and other civic or
ganizations advocating- the bo*id election
of September 29, announces that a series
of meetings has been arranged in behalf
of twelve bonding propositions to be sub
mitted td the voters. To-night a meet
ing of the general executive committee of
fifty, composed of the president of, or
delegates frdm the affiliating bodies, will
be held at the Flood building. The Idea
is to schedule speakers for an educational
campaign to cover the city from now un
til election day. To-morrow evening a
mass-meeting of the Mission Park Asso
ciation y/l\y be held at Mission Turner
Hall. Tttere will be an entertaining pro
gramme of speaking, singing and music.
Will Schedule Speakers for Educa
tional Tour of City in Behalf of
Bonding Proposition.
CIVIC ORGANIZATIONS
ARRANGE MASS-MEETINGS
Attorney Frank Drury made an appli
cation for the admission to bail of Mrs
Bowers, which was opposed by the Drose
cution and denied by the court
Mrs. Bowers and her sister were then
conducted from the courtroom Mr! Sut"
ton being at liberty. Mr.. Boweri was
taken into custody by the Sheriff" Jep
uty and was taken to the branch County
Jail, while Mrs. Sutton was once again
allowed to enjoy the air of freedom
No person can be held for trial unless the
evidence ehows that there Is probable ™?it«5
the accused. Any person h»arlre the t«Hmn,?5
In this case would not hesitate to aeault^rr*
Button. It would be an act o InjusUM to hnM
Mrs Button for trial. I could do so and there
would be no relief for her under a wr!t of ha
beas corpus and she would have to stand hir
The charge agralnst Mrs. Sutton In dismissed
and as against Mrs. Bowers there Is inTfii^;
evidence to show probabl- cause and V Jw*
fore hold her for trial on the charre araln.t htl
In the Superior Court and cornet hlr tn %l
custcdy of the Sheriff. tom m't her to the
PROOF MUST BE PEOBABLE.
I am. not *o clearly resolved In the case of
Mrs. button, even if she Is charged with the
»hL m r °£ m , U H d^- I *° S" the ¦"•umptlOT Tina?
« a T ;?, nt ?2, the for *S. d Prescription as testl
?£?« .h. *£'" Case ; There la no evidence to
show that her motive In presenting the pre
scription was a bad one. and. assuming that
u'not^ST T ? t \ the forKe>1 Prescription it
is not likely that she presented it herself to a
drug store but that she Bave it \o her ' sister
to do so. There is no evidence to show that
Mrs. Sutton was in attendance at the house of
her sister, where Martin U Bowers lay B 1ck
There Is little In the evidence lo"phow thai
Mrs Button was co R nizant of all that her el"
ter. Mrs. IJowers. was dolns. TaklnJ^ into ac
count all the evidence in this caw aSd the con
tradictory statements of the accused there
nothing to connect Mrs. Sutton with the alleeed
murder of Martin L. Bowers by hi" wife Mr,
Martha K. Bowers, even assuming That Mrl
Bowers is guilty of the crime as charged
The evidence of the autopsy surgeon and of
the city chemist is that the death of Bowers
w«t3 due to tatty degeneration of the kidneyt,.
which might have been caused by arsenical pol
eoningr or by other means. The evidence tur
tner shows that Bowers was treated for pto
maine poisoning, which is similar to arsenical
poisoning. He was taken to the Waldeck Hos
pital and under the treatment given to him
there he Improved. In that the stomach symp
toms disappeared. Und*r the same treatment
at his home, where he was removed at the re
quest or his wife, he became worse. Again I
say the cause of his death is beyond dispute.
The next question Is who was responsible for
his death. According to the evidence, the in
ference is that no person other than his wife
could have been constantly in attendance at the
sick bed and administer the doses of ars»nlc
that eventually resulted In death. These facts
are of the utmest importance and warrant a
m™ VJ.Sh S^ pe^ or Court of thIa defendant.
Mrs. Martha t Bowers. Added to this is the
evidence of the drug clerk as to the forged pre
scription and the admitted examples of Mrs
HowerB' handwriting, which lead to the conclul
sion that Mrs. Bowers wrote the forjred pre
scription for arsenic. These circumstances
coupled with the fact that Mrs. Bowers was
constantly at the bedside of her husband, are
sufficient to make it my duty to hold Mrs
Uowers for trial in this case
CABANISS GIVES DECISION.
case, ine evidence or the autopsy sur
geon was not to be thrown aside, said
Judge Cabajjtes. and the conclusion that
the death of^Iartin L. Bowers was due
to arsenical poisoning was beyond dis
pute. He said:
ion said that he had no doubt that a
crime had been committed. Judging by the
evidence of the doctors and others in the
i A programme of rare excellence was
given last night at the Alhambra on the
i occasion of the centenary of the martyr
dom of Robert Emmet, the exercises be
ing under the auspices of the Knights of
the Red Branch. Joseph S. Tobin pre
sided. Across the stage was the sentence,
"His epitaph shall yet be written by an
Independent Ireland."
Basso solos "The Memory of the Dead"
and "Paddies Evermore" were most suc
cessfully given by S. J. Sandy and Paul
Gerson, followed with a "finished and pow
erful reading: of "Emmet's Speech in the
Dock." Mrs. Daisy Keane Gillogley ren
i\3ered. the soprano songs "My Emmet's
No More" and the "Risln* of the Moon"
In a manner that captivated the audience.
Her sweet voice and clear enunciation
gave rare expression to both vocal num
bers. David Manlloyd's true tenor voice
was never more pleasing than when ren
dering the beautiful vocal number, "Oh,
Breathe Not His Name." and the efcer
popular "Sean Bean Bocht." Miss Nora
Sandy gave a plaintive and sweetly me
lodious rendering of a Gaelic song, for
which she received a hearty and well de
served encore. The exercises terminated
with a eulogy on Robert Emmet by Rev.
P. C. Yorke and the singing of Save
Ireland."
Miss Nora Sandy acted as accompanist
and admirably she filled the offlce.
Centenary of Martyrdom of Ireland's
Patriot Observed With. Appro
priate Exercises and Song.
KNIGHTS OF RED BRANCH
HONOR EMMET'S MEMORY
Finally, through the private line of the
Police Department, the Central Emergen
cy Hospital was reached, and then came
another wait, that department trying to
communicate with the Park Hospital,
which is much nearer to the original call.
The Central ambulance was at last dis
patched, after an enforced loss of valua
ble time. The woman, when she was
brought in. was in a very weak condition,
and Dr. Boskowitz, after treating- her,
ordered that she be kept at the hospital
for the nizht.
In all, some 150 wires were cut, and the
force of workmen will be occupied until
to-morrow In completing repairs.
Bonn miscreant entered the sub-base
ment of the New City Hair some time be
tween 2 and 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and cut three telephone cables that car
ried most of the lines that make up the
entire hall system.
The person who committed the dastard
ly deed was one who is evidently well ac
qalnted with the working of the system.
Entrance was gained, through a heavily
ironed door on the Larkln-street corridor
and within a few feet of the City Hall
police station.
The miscreant had to gTope his way
through the dark basement for quite a
distance in order to get to the switch
board. Once there he easily accomplished
his purpose and rendered useless nearly
every line in the hall. « ¦
The wrecking of the system came near
resulting in a fatality. LJzzie Hedger
eon, a domestic employed at 1738 Golden
Gate avenue, was seized with a hemor
rhage while at work yesterday afternoon
and was relieved by a physician of the
neighborhood. Soon after another and
more severe hemorrhage came on and it
was decided to send her to the Park
Emergency Hospital. For an hour the
woman lay bleeding, and almo3t died
while her helpers were trying to make
connections with the hospital.
Slow ' Sending of Ho3pital
Call Nearly Results
in Fatality.
Lines at City Hall Are
Almost Completely
Destroyed.
MISCREANT CUTS
'PHONE WIRES
THE : SA2S FKANCISCO CALL.. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22. 1903.
5
Hartman s Alimony .Reduced.
- An order was made. by Judge Hebbard
yesterday reducing the alimony which a
few weeks aso the court aecreed Ferris
Hartman should pay Mary M. Hartman,
from whom he was granted a divorce on
the i ground of desertion- Yesterday's or
der was made by stipulation, Mrs. Hart
man'agreeing to accept $100 a 1 month In
stead f of . the. $150 - ordered when the dl
yorce was granted. -• '^__
(Closed To-Day I
I Do Your Shopping To-Morrow |
I 2 Green Trading 1 I
I ®& Stamps Instead of * |
(Wednesday Only |
Rare Shopping Opportunity §
Specials H-3 -J Double U
I in Every 25 Trading fl
Dep't. J'^AnirAVWEUABUL Stamps. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Norwich Union Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
V-
OF Norwich England on the 31st day of
December. A. D. 1902, and for the year
ending on that da7. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the Provisions of Sections 610 and
Gil of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash * 660.000.00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $ 289. 500. W>
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40,000.00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,513.07«.5 p >
Cash In Company's Office "00. 00
Cash in Bonks l.ltC,37".3t
Interest due and accrued on a'.l
Stocks and Loans 43.B81.9l
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 285. CO
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection •¦ 97S.C38.43
Bills receivable. not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marina
Risks 67,911.42
Total Assets J7.C86.330.C8
LIABILITIES. ~
Loeaes adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $267,337.92
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less,
| ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 2.S«1.812.M
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks
running more than one ' year,
$ ; reinsurance pro rata. J
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.50
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent »tc 15.000.00
Bills Payablo 18.0fl9.02
Total Liabilities $3468. 419. 88
INCOME.
Xet cash actually received for
Fire premiums $3,118,549.67
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.665. 0O
Received for Interest and dlvl-
¦' dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans.
and from all other sources 152.S90.79
Received for Rents 12,826. 85
Received from all other sources.. 5.079.27
Total Income >S.2S3.30T.58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including % , losses of
previous years) $2. 458, 787. B0
Dividends to Stockholders 218.790.00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.022.677.17
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 458,826. 33
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 101.729.02
All other payments and expendi-
tures 272.800.61
Total Expenditures $4,628,610.63
Fire.
Losses Incurred durir.jr th« year... $2.383,249. M
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
~ | Fire Rlaks. | Premium*.
Net amount of j
Risks written |
during the year... J 1.949. 788. 835 $6.023.654. 08
Net amount of
Risks expired
during the year.. 1,593, 641.5S5 5.202.740.64
Net amount in
force December
31. 1902 1.611,379.110 5.663.335.62
" FRANK A. CUBITT, President.
C. A. B. BIONOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of March 1903.
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Public
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. n. LOWDEiM. Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
EVERY WOMAN
'; __ is interested and should knovr
jgjgj^S-S about the wonderful
IIADVCI WHIRLING
spray
4 tVi'v Ct»\\d? i i i i ** ** be t ? ew y**i**l Srrteee.
IA?\ A'k§ V \\\ kV > i fl Injection and Suet ten .
vKi^^Rfmi Best-Safest-Most Con-
venlent. ItCleiEUi
>^gg^^^2^ Ia««iUy
Af k your drujx!** f * T !t - NS fiSb?r-r~^^^~
If he rtnnnt supply tha \fl^ST "¦ 1*lY2 _4_
Sf ARTEI* »«n« bo >»., irsZE^r-*
oth<r. but srad stamp for nius. \H *
trat-rt bock— aoxled. It fire* full 1Z\ / : M
toUdie- MAItVRI. CO.. HidHMltW
J3**rf " B ltd Rait H aJiil'
R, /PATENTS! .J
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rSESH A2TZ> SALT MEATS.
TAC RftVFN £ CSi Shipping Butchers. 10*
JAj. DUICi tt tU. Clay. Tel. Main 129*.
OILS,
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A F7.T.I3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Mala 1713*.
PKXHTTINO.
E C BDfiffiS, :ii »u £££?£. m. «.
PRAGEES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IS THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. tx.
1&02. and for the year ending on that day. aj
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provistcna
of sections 610 and «\l of tha Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Ca*h .J20Q.00O 00
ASSETS.
Ca»h Market Valus of all Stocks and
B^ads owned by Company $3S2.3V> (V>
Cash in Company's Offlce loo t>
Cash in Banks 16.027 CJ
Interest due and accrued on ali
Stocks and Loans : 2.839 W
Premiums in due Course of Collection 27.155 73
I>ue from other Companies for Rein-
surance on Ic3ses already paid 2S3 C3
Total Assets 1 420.00* S3
LIABILITIES. ~*
Leases adjusted ar.d unpaid $ 8.737 34
Losbes in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 11.473 93
Lns.-es resisted. Including expenses.. 2.S43 00
Gross premiums en Fire Kisks run-
ning one year or less, $18^.787 18;
reinsurance 5<> per cent 01.333 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $79.-.
310 94; reinsurance pro rata 45,471 92
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 591 41
All other Liabilities S.083 m
Total Liabilities $16<).335 0.4
INCOME.
Net cash actually reeelTed for Fire
premiums 1217. «32 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and front
all other sources »,332 24
Total Income .JTSSi^O**
EXFEJTDITTntE3.
fltX amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
eludln* $15,787 83. lossea of previ-
ous years) $ M.2S4 78
Paid or allowed (or Commission or
Brokerage . 41.1SS 2?
Paid for Salaries. Fee* and other
chant's for officers, clerks, etc 20,103 60
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 6.721 73
AH other payment! and expendi-
ture* 18.M3 CO
Total Expenditures $179,213 3d
Fire!
Losses Incurred' durlns the year $100,808 33
Rinks and Premiums. JFlre Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during* the
year $=3,933,743 $318.239 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 21.387.1S8 233.S19 95
Net amount In force '#"-
December 31. 1302. . 21.M1.14S 262.C0S 19
A. F. LOSEE. Vice President.
J. II. BITRGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2CU}
day of January, 1003. EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner fcr C&.!forriia In New York.
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS.
Superintendent City Department.
IDEAL WEATHER
zs ths Exraxssioar op
STZST OVa AZ.O3TQ TXS
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket Offices of tha Company. 650 UaxkaC
street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferrjr,
foot of Market street. General OfScea, Mu-
tual Life BuHdlst*. ccrner of 8assoxn« tail Cal-
ifornia streets, San FrancJjco.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RTAJ*.
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'L Paaa'r. A*eat_
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer, fo to WlUlu.
•to? at the Wllllts Hotel M«ndoclao Count/
Is beat huntln* ground In the State near t«
Ean Francisco. Deer season open until S«u-
tember ao. WM. WEIGA-VD. frog.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAif ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 113 degrees. No
stcxlnx. Fare $1 10. Sure cur* for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver trouble*. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest rai&eraj
water swimming tank In the State. Compo*
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs, swimming
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck'*.
11 Montgomery St. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Agua, Caliente. Sonoma Co.
VICHY SPRINGS.
S miles from Uklab. ilendoclaa Co. Natural
electrlo waters, cnampagns baths. Only place
la the world of this class. Fisting. huntia#.
Crystal Springs- Accommodation*: table flrac-
elaas. J. A. REDEMETER * CO.. Prop*.
The Weekly Call
/iffii.fl per Ycai>
6an Francisco, Tuesday, 22 September. 19O3.
This price means
an absolute saving
To the economical home furnisher the offer is of
exceptional interest. A three-piece oak set, modernly
designed and finished golden color. The bureau is sur-
mounted by an oval-shaped French plate mirror, 20 by
24 inches, and contains four drawers— the two top
ones having double swelled fronts. The bed is
of full double width and is made quite attract-
ive by scroll carving on head board. The washstand
matches bureau and contains three drawers, besides a
cabinet. Price fo. the three pieces, $32.50.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)'
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoRaisin Prices Will Be Fixed.
FRESNO, Sept. 21.— Prices on all grades
of raisins not heretofore named will be
fixed next Saturday. A new grade of
"Malaga loose" will be established. Grow
ers must communicate with packers re
garding quantity or layers to be put up,
and packers must have packed layer rail
Bins out of the way by February l. after
which the association will not be respon
Bible for" any unsold.
Fire Destroys Pumping Plant.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 21—The pumping
plant of the Union Consolidated Oil Com
pany, on Bluff street, was destroyed bv
fire to-day. C. C. Goodfellow, an emplove
of the company, was badly burned by an
explosion of natural -gaa from "one of the
nearby oil wells. The loss was $2000 no
insurance. Hard work by the fire depart
ment saved several adjoining oil proper-
Trunks and Suit Cases.
We give you the best value in. trunks,
suit cases and traveling supplies in ' the
city. Look over our Leather Goods De
partment and be convinced. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Our Health Board is planning to revise and ad
vance the standard of milk sold in San Francisco. It
might be wise for our spectacular officials to consider
ways and means to prevent the sale of impure milk,
whatever the standard may be. We have a certain
standard now, and just as certain a violation of it by
operators who are apparently exempt from official
regulation. '•
No News of Missing- Tug.
OUANTANAMO, Cuba, Sept. 21.— Tha
tug Tempest, purchased by the Cuba
Eastern Railroad, which left Miami, Fla.,
September 5, for Guantanamo, has not
since been heard of. She had a crew of
five men.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 21. — William
Ogg, general superintendent for the
Standard Oil Company, died in this city
late last night of cerebral spinal men
ingitis. The deceased was 52 years of age
and had been with the Standard Oil Com
pany for many years In an official ca
pacity. He was a Mason of high stand
ing. His wife arrived from Illinois a few
hours after his death. The body will be
shipped East for interment to-night.
Death Calls Prominent Mason.
The Supreme' Court yesterday granted
the appeal of Anthony Quill for a new
trial of a suit against the Southern Pa
cific Railroad. The plaintiff had a daugh
ter killed through the alleged negligence
of an employe of the corporation. The
Jury in the Superior Court decided against
him and an appeal was taken on the
ground that Jurors Farquharson and
Dorland were prejudiced. Before these
two men were reached all the peremptory
challenges had been exhausted. The Su
preme Court thinks the point a good one
and' the decision of the lower tribunal is
reversed. >
Decides Against Railroad.
OFFICIALS of the army and of the navy have
designated "The Star-Spangled Banner" as
the national anthem of the United States, and
it is quite probable the people will follow the lead thus
given. It is becoming the practice, moreover, for
audiences to rise and to stand uncovered while trie
air is played. These things come in response to what
is evidently a popular aspiration, and accordingly
they are to be commended, since they stand as evi
dences of the increasing ardor of American pa
triotism.
Conceding everything that can be urged in favor
of the air chosen as our. national anthem and of the
practice of standing uncovered whenever it is played,
there remain certain serious objections to the whole
thing. In the first place standing for a long time un
covered in the open air is one of the formal outward
evidences of respect that might just as well be dis
pensed with even under circumstances where it has
hitherto prevailed, and it would be almost a folly to
carry it further by establishing a new occasion for it.
Many an American has stood uncovered by the graves
of a friend while a long ritual service was being, car
ried out, only to go home with a cold or a pneu
monia that brought him ere long to the graveyard
also. Physicians have time and again given warn
ings of the dangers of the custom, and no single
reason can be given why it should be continued at
funerals, much less extended to all occasions where
a band plays the "Star-Spangled Banner." Ample
respect can be shown by rising, lifting the hat for a
OUR NATIONAL ANTHEM.
The Committee on Finance, Health and Streets of
the Board of Supervisors have met in solemn dignity
and with much resounding phrase have asked the
Board of Health and the Board of Public Works to
rescind the action by which these worthy public bu
reaus have defeated the law and made a new raid
upon the treasury in increased salaries. The absurd
ity of the request makes it worthy of public interest
and tecord.
NAPA, Sept. 21.— Sheriff Dunlap went
to Napa Junction to-day and returned
with Jack Hall, a section hand, and C.
P. Henry employed at Inkleman's Hotel.
It is charged by Inkleman that the two
men robbed John Copplnger, a section
hand, of a large sum of money while the
latter was helplessly Intoxicated. Inkle
man recovered the money. The two men
were taken before Justice McKnight, who
placed their bail at $1500 each and set the
examination for Tuesday.
• Hotel Man Charges Robbery.
Chance of a. life time. Never before have we
offered such bargains In shoes as will be placed
on sale to-morrow (Wednesday), 9 o'clock. Hard
to believe, but a fact; 3000 pairs ladles' shoes in
every conceivable style — lace or button, low
rhoes Included — for 50c a pair. Mind, they are
made of the very best quality leather. "We
guaranteo all sizes; in rapt, we have 1500 pairs
ranging from 6 to 8 In size. Also a lot of
men's shoes for $1; made of calf, vici kid and
patent leather, in up-to-date toes. Come early.
Sale 0 o'clock sharp. . Busy Bee Shoe Company,
102'J Market St.. above Sixth. •
Large Feet 50c.
The Chinese Bureau, connected with the Federal
Government in this city and intended as a .barrier to
the illegal admission of coolies to the port, seems to
have assumed, dangerously near the character of a
fence. If a shake-up were to come perhaps some of
the unwelcome and undesired parts of it might drop
out.
Secures an Order Prohibiting an Ex
amination of Its Books by Dis
satisfied Stockholders.
TRENTON, N. J.. Sept. 21.— Chancellor
Magee to-day filed an opinion granting
a stay in connection with the proceedings
instituted by Edwin A. McAlptn and oth
ers asainst the Universal Tobacco Com
pany. This stay prohlous the examina
tion of the tobacco company's books pend
ing an appeal to the Court of Errors and
Appeals from the decision of Vice Chan
cellor Pitney. The Vice Chancellor made
an order authorizing the examination of
the company's books. This' he did in
connection with the suit brought by Mc-
Alpln and others charclnsr mismanage
ment and asking for the dissolution of
the voting trust under which William H.
Butler, president of the company, domi
nated the company's policy. The matter
now goes to the Court of Errors and Ap
peals for final adjudication. «
BIG TOBACCO COMPANY
SCORES LEGAL VICTORY
Even the Chinese are progressive in the arts
which distinguish them. Their highbinders in this
city, surfeited no doubt by their murder of resident
Mongols, threaten to assassinate any white attorney
who has temerity enough to defend in court a coolie
against whom their wrath is raised. This effort to
broaden the field of their murderous activity is likely
to be dangerous. \ As Jong as their murders were
confined to Chinese each assassination meant one
coolie less. The killing of one white man might rid
us of Little China.
NAPA, Sept. 21.— The Board of Super
visors of Napa County to-day held a
special meeting and fixed the rate of
taxes to be levied on each S100 worth of
taxable property in the county. The
total rate is $1 72, which is four cents
higher than last year's rate.
SALINAS, Sept. 21.— The Board of Su
pervisors this afternoon fixed the coun
ty and State tax levy for county purposes.
One dollar was levied and the State tax
is seventy-five, cents, being thirty-five
cents increase over last year's levy.
Tax Rate Fixed in Counties.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— The following"
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — G. Aldrich, at the Gilsey; W.
G. Anderson, at the Herald Square; E.
Black, at the Hotel Imperial; Mr. Cronin
and wife, at the Jefferson; W. R. Doug
las, at the Victoria; R. M. Eberle, at the
Westminster; Miss E. Elliott, at the Win
sonia; Mrs. W. Johnson, at the Manhat
tan; D. Kline, at the Herald Square; G.
Lombard, at the Gilsey; P. C. Mills, at
the Hotel Albert; B. Porter, at the New
Amsterdam; Dr. C. M. Richter, at the
Holland; Miss E. Russell, at the Wlnso
nia; M. Salisbury, at the Murray Hill;
Dr. O. Swayze, at the St. Denis; B. "Walk
er, at the Murray. Hill; C. Wise, at the
Hotel Navarre; Mrs. W. S. Wood, at the
Holland; R. Buckerman and J. Mayer, at
the Herald Square; Miss J. Peckner and
Mrs. C. Peckner, at the St. Denis, and M.
W. Rosenstein, at the Hoffman.
From Berkeley— E. J. Albertl, at the
Grand Union.
Californians in New York.
Condition of the Rev. Father Doogan
of Vallejo Excites Much
Anxiety.
VALLEJO, Sept. 21.— The Rev. B. M.
Doogan, pastor of St. "Vincent's Church of
this city, while on his way yesterday to
hold services at the navy yard chapel
was attacked by a severe chill that did
not yield readily to treatment. To-day
the condition of the reverend father is
serious, as he has developed symptoms of
pneumonia.
PASTOR, IS TAKEN ILL
WHILE GOING TO SERVICE
New York Advertising Agent Files
Complaint Against a Bill Post
ing Association.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— Sam" W. Hoke,
an advertisine and poster agent of tha ,
city, to-day filed a complaint In tha
United States Circuit Court against the
Associated BUI Posters and Distributers
of the United States and Canada, in
which he claims $60,000 damages from
them on the ground that the association
is an illegal trust and combination, ope
rating in violation of the Federal anti
trust law. The Associated Bill Posters
are being sued through A. B. Beall of
Sioux City^ Iowa, the treasurer, who is
also made an individual defendant.
Hoke charges that the Associated Bill
Posters and Distributers of the United
States and Canada constitute a volun
tary association that is operating in vio
lation of interstate and foreign commerca
in the form of advertising conducted by
means of the posting of advertising bills
on fences and other places throughout the
country, engaged in arbitrarily fixing
minimum rates to be charged for bill post- •
Ing throughout the United States with
out reference to a reasonable value or
competition. „.
CLAIMS THAT ANTI-TRUST
LAW IS BEING VIOLATED
SEATTLE, "Wash.. Sept. 21.—Communi
catloli with Nome and St. Michael has at
last been established. The officials of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company
and the Empire Transportation Company
have both received telegrams from St.
Michael which had been conveyed by ves
sels from Nome.
The messages announce that the steam
ships Senator and Ohio both sailed from
Nome September 17th. The former ves
sel has a total of 213 passengers, while the
Ohio is bringing 230.
TELEGRAPHIC SERVICE
CLEAR TO ST. MICHAEL
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles, who
is planning the construction of a number
of .electric lines in Northern California,
is at the Palace.
Harry L. Newman, well known through
out the country for his,, compositions of
"ragtime" and other popular songs, Is a
guest at the. Palace.
¦ Dr. and Mrs. A. Blair Thaw, wealthy
residents of the East, who have been
spending the summer at Santa Barbara,
are registered at the Palace.
A large number of prominent lumber
men from the Northwest and the East
are staying at the Palace, among them
being Sylvyn Lddy of Bay City, Mich.; E.
\v . Foster of Tacoma arid A. M. Murphy
of Green Bay. Wls.
George R. Stewart, a cattleman of
Crow's Landing, Is a guest at the Grand.
J. O. Hayes, proprietor of the San Jose
Mercury, and wife arrived in the city last
evening and are at the Palace.
Dr. James D. Murphy of the Emergency
Hospital staff of this city is spending his
vacation automobillng through the Santa
Clara Valley.
Prison Director Don Ray of Gait is at
the Lick.
Dr. C. B. Hanson of El Paso is staying
at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. W. Hoyt of Sioux City are
at the Palace.
Dr. Fritz S. Chanceler of "Washington,
D. C, is at the Palace.
J. T. Harmes, a real estate man of Sac
ramento, is at the California.
Colonel Robert M. Northam and wife of
Los Angeles are at the Palace.
S. Penschower. a merchant of Clover
dale, and wife are at the Grand.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 21.— The contem
plated Issuance of bonds for extensive
road improvements in thla county has re
ceived a setback by District Attorney
Carter, who in response to a request from
the Board of Supervisors for an opinion
In the matter has decided that the pro
posed bond Issue would be illegal. An ex
penditure of between $200,000 and $300,000
was Involved.
San Diego District Attorney Objects
to Proposed Bonds for Road
Improvement.
COUNTY OFFICIAL SAYS
ISSUE WOULD BE ILLEGAL
PERSONAL MENTION.
CHICAGO, Sept. „.«.— Committees la
charge of Chicago's centennial celebra
tion, which will begin next Saturday and
last until the following Thursday night,
reported to-day that the preliminary de
tails w^re practically complete and issued
a programme for the six days. Invita
tions were sent to-day for the banquet
of Mayors which will take place at tha
Auditorium on Thursday night, October
1. More than 30<X> invitations have been
issued for the Daughters of the Ametl
can Revolution reception, at which manv
of the members will appear In gowns of
a hundred years ago. On Saturday night
the centennial managers -will give a re
production of the burning of the city in
1871 in a unique display of red fire. One
hundred tons of the inflammable material
will blaze from the roofs of several scores
of the tallest buitdings in the down town
district and for thirty minutes the city
will seem to be struggling with a dis
aster similar to that which resulted in
almost total destruction thirty-two years
ago. The scene, judjjine from tests re
cently made on one of the high buildings.
will be thrilling in the extreme and the
display will surely prove an awe inspiring
spectacle. .
of the City in 1871.
Reproduction of the Burning-
Centennial Managers Will Give a
AWE INSPIRING SPECTACLE
IS PREPARED FOR CHICAGO
As the industries as well as the commerce of the
country are to a considerable -degree affected by the
degree of efficiency that exists in the consular ser
vice, it is expected that all organizations represent
ing industry and commerce will co-operate with the
league in the effort to bring about the desired legis
lation. The co-operation should be prompt as well
as cordial. The Lodge bill should be enacted at the
coming session of Congress. Wj
One of the most active and influential of the
many organizations that have declared for reform
and have worked to bring it about is the National
Business League, a non-partisan body, composed of
representative men of commerce and industry in every
State in the Union. It has given special attention
to the subject and has carried on an extensive cam
paign of education in favor of the message of reform
embodied in the Lodge bill, which contemplates a
complete reorganization of the consular service, sub
stituting fixed salaries in place of the fees system, pro
viding for the adoption of the merit system in mak
ing promotions, and, in short, removing the service
altogether from the spoils of politics.
Should the bill become law it would not be long
before there would be an immense improvement in
the pcrsor^sel of the service and a corresponding
improvement in the service itself. We should no
longer have important consular positions filled by
men absolutely without qualification, and who owe
their appointments solely to their activity as parti
san politicians in their various Congressional dis
tricts.. The bill provides that an appointee must have
a general knowledge of the trade conditions, re
sources and requirements of this country, as well as
the country to which he is accredited; also must speak
fluently either the French, German or Spanish lan
gnage, as well as English, and in every other way be
qualified to serve and promote the manufacturiqg
and commercial interests of the United States. •
The passage of the bill is not going to be easily
effected, even though it have the support of the Presi
dent. That much is evident f^ora the defeat of the
many efforts that have been made in times past to
bring about reform. As a matter of fact the bill vir
tually asks the Senators to surrender a large part of
their official patronage, and to a great many of them
patronage is the most valuable adjunct of a Sena
torial position. They would almost as soon resign
the one as surrender the other. The hopes of the
friends of the measure rest partly upon the support
of those Senators who arc true statesmen and
patriots, and partly upon the power of public opinion
to control the vote of the spoilsmen.
It is for the purpose of working up a strong sen
timent in favor of reform that the National Business
League is now carrying on its campaign. A recent
summary of the prospects of the league in this re
spect says: "The hope of success for this effort to
induce Senators and Representatives to give up so
handsome a block of patronage lies in the fact that
the men behind the movement are not doctrinaires or
theoretical reformers, but practical business men,
heads of great manufacturing and mercantile con
cerns, bankers, importers, exporters, presidents of
boards of trade, chambers of commerce and grain ex
changes. They are men practically familiar not only
v.itb the needs of trade, but with the business of a
consular officer, and are not to be deceived as to the
proper qualifications for such a position or the proper
discharge of its duties. Their demand for sweeping
reorganization in the service is born of bitter expe
rience with its present inadequacy, incompetency and
ignorance, and they, represent sufficient material in
terests to insure them a hearing even from the most
stupid and selfish patronage broker in either house."
i he forces that have been for so long a time work
ing to bring about the enactment of a consular re
form bill have not lessened their activities because of
the President's action in recent appointments. On
the contrary, they have drawn encouragerqent from
this manifestation of the President's sympathy with
the movement for reform, and will urge upon Con
gress the passage of an efficient consular reform bill
with increased zeal.
\ \ J H1LE President Roosevelt's determination
\/\/ to fill important vacancies in the consular
• • service by promotion of capable men from
subordinate positions is a source of gratification to
fell who take any interest in the matter, it is by no
means sufficient to assure the thorough reform that
lias been long needed. There is required a change in
the law regulating appointments, so that the reform
methods of selecting men for the various offices shall
become a fixed feature of our administrative system.
THE CONSULAR SERVICE.
Tulare County Men Hurriedly Form
a Company to Get Choice
Land.
TULARE, Sept. 21.— At 1 o'clock to-day
the collector of the Tulare irrigation dls- ]
trict began the sale of property for de
linquent taxes. Several pieces of property
were sold and bid in by citizens. The most
Important sale of the day was the prop
erty of J. F. Kessing, bought by J. H.
Hitchcock for $2347 50.
During the day a number of moneyed
men of the vicinity formed themselves
Into a company to buy up the desirable
pieces of property yet to be sold.
SALE BEGINS FOR TAXES
IN IRRIGATION DISTRICT
Such a report coming after something like 'two
months of continuous running across the channel in
all kinds of weather seems to justify the conclusion
that the turbine engine has been virtually perfected
and another great step made toward turning all
ocean voyaging into something like a ferry service.
The chief defect of the turbine engines when first
tested v.-as the inability of getting up any speed
astern with them. In any kind of a steamer it is de
sirable to have the power of going astern at times,
and in ferry-boats the desire is to have ability to go
ahead or astern with equal facility. It now appears
that the inventor of the turbine has so far improved
his engine- that a ship can be driven astern with some
thing like the speed ahead. It is reported of the
Queen that on her trial trip on the Clyde, on the 12th
of June, when steaming continuously astern,, she at
tained a speed of about thirteen knots. Starting and
stopping trials were also carried out, and the vessel
when going over nineteen knots per hour was
brought to a dead stop in 1 minute 7 seconds after
the telegraph order was given to the engine-room,
and the distance she traveled in this time was equal
to only two and a half times her own length.
The Queen has three cylinders, three shafts and
three screws, the center turbine being high pressure
and the others low pressure. When going ahead in
ordinary work the steam is admitted to the high
pressure turbine, and after expansion there passes to
the low-pressures and then to the condensers, the
total ratio of expansion being about one hundred
and twenty-five fold, as compared with eight to six
teen fold in triple expansion reciprocating engines.
When going full speed ahead all the lines of shafting,
central as well as side, are in action; but when com
ing alongside a quay or maneuvering in or out of
harbor the outer shafts only are used, thus giving
the vessel all the turning and maneuvering, efficiency
of a twin-screw steamer.
In commenting upon that feature of the new ship
the Consul says: "The noise made by these turbine
engines is unlike the common engine. They^ake a
rumbling noise like rapid-running dynamos. Even
in their immediate vicinity there'is little or no vibra
tion, but one is conscious of being in close proximity
to a great power. From amidships forward on the
promenade decks there is no noise or vibration what
ever, and when the vessel is making twenty-three
knots per hour in good weather passengers are re
minded of being on shipboard only by noting that
they are gliding over the sea. . * * * One note
worthy feature on board the Queen will be the ab
sence of the hot cinders and dust, which are — and
more especially to ladies — such a nuisance on board
most steamers fitted with forced draft."
REPORTS received at Washington from
United States Consul Milne at Calais are
to the effect that the continuous running of
the steamer Queen equipped with turbine engines
across the channel has realized the most sanguine
expectations aroused by the performance of her trial
trip. In good weather she makes the trip from
Dover to Calais in fifty minutes, beating the swiftest
of her rivals by upward of fifteen minutes. She has
other advantages as a ferry-boat, for she is freer
from noise and from jarring than are boats of a sim
ilar tonnage driven by the old form of engine.
SUCCESS OP THE TURBINE.
Out of 1500 people acquainted with the
victim and familiar with the particulars
of the tragedy, only two are alive to
testify. Dr. Shurtleff, aged 82, is one ol
them. Charles T. Shurtleff, a son of Dr.
Shurtleff, is the attorney for the widow.
NAPA. Sept 21.— Dr. Benjamin Shurt
left has been called to San Francisco as
a witness in. the case which had its origin
In the killing of a freighter by Indians
In Shasta County back in 1S72. The widow
of the dead man-ias filed a claim against
the Federal Government for loss sus
tained at that time.
Only Two of the Fifteen Hundred
Men Living to Testify No-w
in Court.
WITNESSES ABE SCARCE
AFTER THIRTY-ONE YEARS
to Grand Jury. '
WILMINGTON, Sept. 21.-Chlef Jus
tice Loree of the Delaware Supreme
Court to-day delivered a strong charge to
the Grand Jury .which i3 considering 1 the
criminal work of the county courts. Af
ter reciting the details of the murder on
June 13 of Helen Bishop by George White
and the subsequent lynching of White by
a mob, Justice Loree said:
For the first time, the lawless and revolting
crime of lynching 1 hast invaded this State.
Lynching Is a crime agaln.st the law of both
God and man. Every willful participant la
such an act is a murderer. No man ha9 &
right to commit that crj^ie because he be
lieves or fears that some other person who la
Intrusted with the execution of the law will
fall or has failed in the performance of his
duty. /
I'nder the law we know what our righta are.
and, in the main, we find that they are fairly
attained and enforced. No human laws or
human Institutions are perfect. This no rea
sonable man will expect.
Lynching and mob Saw. their promoters and
encouragers. whether they be of high or low
degree, should receive no favors at the hands
of thoughtrul and patriotic men. There must
be government or non-government. The line
of cleavage is clear. -AH history teaches that
the crevalence of mob law 1% the end of free
government. Obedience to law is the life
breath of cur republic.
To you the people look for the faithful, fear
less and honest discharge of your duty. Th<*y
ask nothing more and expect nothing less.
Chief Justice of Delaware Supreme
Court Delivers Strong Charge
LYNCHING IS DENOUNCED
IN NO UNCEKTAIN TERMS
Kansas is waiting in dread expectation of another
killing frost r hich may destroy the crops -almost
utterly. This, however, is only an incident in Kansas
life. People there would not feel at peace with them
selves or the world if they were not battling against
some difficulty. They are contented only when in
trouble. •
TUESDAY ....;SEPTEMBER 22, 19OJ
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
rd-irc-s All Communications to W. S. LEAI^E. Manager
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish."
PIBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITOIIIAL ROOMS 1M7 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20*Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts. j
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Trrms by Mall. Including Footage <Ca*h With Order):
DAILY CALL (inclirl'nr Sunday), one year ?8.OO
DAILY CALL 'Including: Sunday). 6 month* 4.0©
DAILY CALL — By Single Month TSc
FUKDAT CALL. One Year 2.5O
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1 -°°
f Dally... ?8.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN TOSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Ter Year Extra
All po«lmn«(rr< «r^ »n<horlied to receive
nnlincrlptlonn.
Sample copies will be forwarded v.hfn requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of ad<Jr?«s should be
particular to Rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 llrondwny Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Kortb 77 |
C. GEORGK KROGXESS. Manager Korelpm AdTer
tUtngr. Marqaette UuiJilliic. CIiIcbro.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON COnKESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CKAXE 14OO G Street, H. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 11. SMITH 30 Tribune Dnlltllnfr
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Square
BRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
»:ntll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'cloclc. 633
McAIlirter, open until 9:30 o'clock. 015 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. XVU1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 ;
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1005 Va
• lencla, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 (
o'clock. NE. corat-r Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. S\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
oi«en until » o'clock. Fillmore, open until 9 o'clock.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 21.—
The circular letter issued from the presi
dent's office a few days ago requiring
all members of the defunct Inn Club to
pay a pro rata assessment of $10 by the
25th inst., or have their registration in
the university canceled, was to-day re
scinded by President Jordan. ill.
According to the law, the members of
the club are responsible for only 51000 of
the deficit, and as they have agreed to
raise this amount on their own account
the university authorities have extended
the time for this purpose. The pro rata
assessment will now not exceed $5 40, and
in case the property of the club can be
sold for J300 the assessment will be re
duced to WTO. For the J1500 balance of
the deficit the directors «f the organiza
tion are alone liable.
An attempt is now being made to have
an outside party take hold of the Inn.
but unless this is accomplished by the
end of the present week the eating-house
will be closed and the 150 students who
are now taking meals there will be forced
to find boarding accommodations off the
university campus.
San Francisco has a treat In store In
an entertainment to be given at Y. M. C.
A. Hall September 26 for the benefit of
the Chinese Woman's Hospital. The pro
gramme is to be rendered by leading pro
fessionals, assisted by Or'ental artists in
native costume. It Is to be the first en
tertainment of its kind ever given In
America. The hall is to be decorated in
Oriental style and a Chinese orchestra
will furnish music. Another very inter
esting feature will be a Chinese ladies'
quartet. Mr. Che« Soo Lowe; who is at
tending the University of California, Is
to sing a solo, accompanied by. Miss
Ah Tie. Mr. Lowe has won many friends
by his sweet, sympathetic voice. Miss
Suey Leen, a young Chinese lady who
has studied voice culture for some time,
will also give a vocal selection. Suey
Leen has made numerous trips to differ
ent pa'rts of the State to sing before £Re
public She has always been greeted
with great enthusiasm on account of her
clear high notes. The real Chinese music,
as furnished by the best professionals, is
something that is not .heard every day.
The great musicians of Europe are mak
ing a careful study into the science of
Chinese music and are finding many in
teresting and instructive points regarding
the art of music.
The quartet before mentioned, com
posed of Qua Lou, Ah Tie and Margaret
and Ah Ching, is well known In this city,
the young ladies having sung before large
audiences In the public institutions.
Among the professionals who are to ren
der the programme are Miss Jenne Mar
row Long, Professor Adelstein and others
well known in concert work. The vocal
ist of the evening, Walter Hastings Ol
ney, is new to San Francisco audiences,
having recently come to this city. Mr.
Olney has studied under the best masters
and his rich barytone voice shows the
polish of a true artist.
"Robert Browning- In Music" was pre
sented by the San Francisco Musical Club
at Century Hall last Thursday morning.
The programme opened with three
Browning songs composed by the Mi?ses
Caroline Fuller and Clara Rogers; these
were rendered with much pathos and
sympathy by Miss Ella McCloskey, the
contralto, whose personality and voice
seemed especially adapted to the text and
melody. Readings were given by Mrs.
James W. Edwards, after which Miss
Frances Rock delighted the club with her
rendition of Bach'a Fugue in D minor
and other selections.
The programme was one of high stand
ard and bespeaks much for the musical
Intelligence of the members of the club.
The members of the Entre Nous Co
tillon will open their fourteenth season
with an assembly and german on Friday
evening, October 39, in the new ballroom
of the Palace Hotel.
As a usual thing steamers leaving
Puget Sound for the Atlantic coast ports
stop either at San Francisco or some oJ
the South American ports for coal. Thef>e
stops the Texan will not make unless
it be on account of some accident. She
has taken on 4100 tons of coal at this
port and that amount is expected to see
her into the Atlantic port.
The Texan carries an enormous cargo
of sugar, canned salmon and general
freight. After sihe passes out of the
straits she will head directly for the
Straits of Magellan and from there di
rectly for Delaware Breakwater.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 21.— The steam
ship Texan sailed to-day for Delaware
Breakwater direct, which in the longest
steamship voyage ever attempted with
out stoj>3. The distance Is 13,900 miles
and Captain Morrison hopes to make it
in llfty days.
It must be admitted that Mr. Gompers has inspired
his confederated unions with the courage of his con
victions. They are now fearlessly attacking the laws
of the United States and threatening the President for
enforcing them. So far every considerable conven
ticle of labor unions held during the summer has de
clared for the sovereign right of the unions to dic
tate the terms of employment in the Government
printing office, book bindery and bureau of engraving
and printing. The terms they dictate violate the laws
of the land, and as those laws conform to the con
stitution the unions are striking at the fundamental
law. President Roosevelt, as his oath and duty re
quire, has upheld and enforced the law, and for this
they threaten him with vengeance. Having shown
their power to disorganize the National Guard and to
leave a single State powerless to enforce the law, they
now aim their vengeance at the President himself.
There is no use denying the fact that this contest puts
our institutions to a new test and subjects them to a
new 'strain, in some of its aspects more serious than
secession itself. The talk of the last few years, sup
posed to be wild and empty, has been accepted as the
teaching of a principle and has impressed the vast
numbers of alien immigrants who have recruited the
ranks of union labor to the exclusion of Americans,
and now the conflict rages around the Federal Gov
ernment and the President is threatened because he
represents the sovereignty of the United States and
the supremacy of the law.
The issue is serious; it is revolutionary; it is sub
versive of all law. It is to be carried, secretly or
openly, into the next Presidential campaign, and may
easily cause all other issues to be forgotten. If the
people .of this country tolerate another sovereignty
than that of the State, then anarchy is here.
IT is evident that the American Federation of La
bor is giving impulse to a campaign which is
operated on several converging lines. Members
of the federation in Porto Rico are spreading sedi
tion among the very ignorant members of the labor
unions in that island, and have gone so far as to de
nounce the flag of the United States as the emblem of
rascality, and to threaten the life of Governor Hunt.
On the mainland the movement is more cautious,
though in the same direction.
Here the laws of the unions and the laws of the
land conflict in respect to membership in the National
Guard. Federal and State laws recognize the militia
organized in the National Guard as the defensive arm
of the Government and the training school of the
military rank and file. 'In times of civil disorder,
when the peace ofricers and the courts are confronted
by a physical force obstructive of their functions, the
militia is the sole resource of the State for protection
against that actual anarchy which exists when the
civil courts can no longer enforce the law. The next
resort is to Federal authority enforced by the regu
lar army of the United States. The unions in the
American Federation strike at the nearest support of
law and order by striking at the militia. During the
past few months National Guardsmen, and some of
them officers, have been compelled by their unions to
resign. They have given their reason that if they
remain in the guard they will be expelled from the
union, and then if they attempt to work they will be
killed. It will be seen at once that this is the use of
duress of the most serious kind in order to break
down the first defense of the law. It is in effect
threatening with assassination every man who holds
the law of his country to be higher than the laws of
his labor union. The extravagant assumptions with
which the country has been made familiar and at
which good citizens have laughed as mere vaporing
of ignorant enthusiasts have borne fruit. When Mr.
Gompers, president of the American Federation of
Labor, declared here, in the presence, and the ap
proving presence, too, of the Mayor of this city and
the Governor of this State, that his organization had
"sovereign rights," law-abiding citizens believed that
he was using terms in ignorance of their meaning,
since here only the State has sovereignty and sov
ereign rights. But Mr. Gompers was not using a
term in ignorance of its significance. He knew and
meant exactly what he said, that his organization had
taken, in the allegiance of its members, the place of
the State, and they knew no other sovereignty than
that represented by him. Again at New Orleans Mr.
Gompers gave evidence of his sense of the importance
of his position and authority when he said, with his
sovereign character in mind: "Our most dangerous
competitor is the Federal Government." He un
doubtedly meant that his federation of labor unions
was strong enough in its sovereignty to subvert a
single State, or to overcome, one by one, a group of
States, inasmuch as one State cannot go to the aid
of another except as it operates through Federal
energy. But after that he would find the Federal
Government with the regular army making a stand
for public sovereignty as against the claims of vol
untary organizations bound by secret oaths.
ENTRE NOUS
IS ARRANGING
FOR FUNCTION
STANFORD MEN
NEED PAY ONLY
SMALL AMOUNTS
FIFTY DAYS
OF STEAMING
THE VOYAGE
moment and standing. There is nothing to be gained
by insisting upon uncovered heads throughout the
whole time the air is being played.
The "Star-Spangled Banner" will be accepted as
the national anthem only ' because there 'is nothing
better in sight nor hearing. The air, however, is
crude and the words are of no significance to men
of this generation. They were well fitted to the time
and the occasion for which they were writen, but
they have no application to our time nor to any occa
sion likely to arise in the future. In days gone by
men did indeed have to look with anxiety to see if
the star-spangled banner were "still there," but we
have no anxiety on the subject. Our national an
them should have noble words set to noble music.
In due time we shall doubtless have one, and in the
meantime we may do the best we can with the old
drinking song air to which Key set his verses on the
victory at Fort Henry.. It will be enough, however,
if we "rise to the occasion." We should not be ex
pected to stand bareheaded for it in the open air
when the winds are blowing and fogs are rife.
ATTACKING THE PRESIDENT.
THE: SAN PKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ..SEPTEMBER .-22, 1903.
Special information • supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia. ttxcAt. Telechona Main 1M1 •?»
On a day in last February airman in this city com
mitted a noticeably cold-blooded and atrocious mur
der and it is expected that his trial will soon begin.
It is such delays as this L which make one wish 1 that
the law .would be as swift , in its vengeance as the
malefactor is in his desperate outrages. .-;•:¦.
To-wnsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bids. •
John F. Sheehan, an accountant resid
ing in San Francisco, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes 59765 and has no
assets.
Says He Is Insolvent.
A crowd of Wisconsin youths burned their school
teacher in effigy a few days since because he refused
to -grant them some petty concession to youthful
folly. "These boys have in them the stuff of which
is made the mob and the irresponsible violators of law
and order established for the government of men.
Some pranks of youngsters are incipient crimes.
6
\ NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE DANDRUFF GERM.
Or Your Hair Will Fall Out Till You
Become Bald.
Modern science has discovered that dan-
druff Is caused by a germ that digs up the
scalp In scales as It burrows down to the
roots of the hair, where It destroys the
hair's vitality, causing falling hair and
ultimately baldness. After Professor Unna
of Hamburg, Germany, discovered the
dandruff germ all efforts to find a remedy
failed until the great laboratory discovery
was made, which resulted in Newbro's
Herplcide. It alone of all other hair prep-
arations kills the dandruff perm. Without
dandruff hair gTows luxuriantly. "Destroy
the cause, you remove the effect." Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpiclde Co.. Detroit.
Mica.If so. look through our Framed Picture
department and see hew beautiful and
attractive the new pictures are .and at
mcli moderate prices. Sanbdrn, Vail &,
Co.. 741 Market street >. •
Interested in Framed Pictures?
The trtll of the late Albert Jeffreys, a
local real estate clerk, was contested yes
terday by Robert Foley. Foley claims
that at the time the document van exe
cuted the testator was under the influ
ence of Eugenia M. SL Paul, the sole
legatee of his estate under the will.
Claims Influence Was Used.
A judgment for $350 against the French
Hospital was rendered by a jury In Judge
Hunt's court yesterday at the close of
the trial of the suit for $2450 damages
brought by, Charles Pala. He sued on
the ground that he had been unnecessar
ily burned by a hot water bag applied
to his knee while he was a patient at the
hospital.. His principal witness . was Dr.
Dudley Talt, formerly chief visiting phy
sician at the hospita*.
Verdict Against French Hospital.
Harry Wander and Edward Tanquery,
painters, were convicted in Police Judge
Fritx's court yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace and were ordered to
appear for sentence this morning. They
were seen by Policemen Bennett and Mc-
Entee arid Special Offlcer Newman on
Sunday night to grab hold of ladles on
Sixth street and whirl them around.
They admitted that they had been hilari
ous, but meant no discourtesy to the ia
dies
Insults Ladies on the Street.
CharJfs Sullivan and John H. Powell
xivre held to ar.jwcr before the Superior
Court by Police Judgo Slogan yesterday
on a charge of murder without ball. Mo
tions to dismiss and to reduce the charge
to manslaughter were denied. The de
fendants are accused cf shooting and
killing Special Policeman Robert A.
Sample on Folsom street, between First
and Second, on the morning of August 11.
Held on Mulder Charge.
Upon representations made by the War
Dcpaitment yesterday the Immigration
Bureau has wired its agents in this city,
Taeoma and Seattle to exercise every fa
cility for admitting the Filipino carpen
ters brought over on the transport Sher
man to prepare the Filipino exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition.
These people were detained on the
gTound that they were required to pay
a head tax and also were likely to be
come public charges.
The Immigration Bureau has decided
that no person coming to the United
States from any port In the Philippine
Islands la subject, to a head tax. The
natives affected will be at once sent to
St. Louis, as will the 5000 tons of freight
which has arrived in this country, and
the work of preparing the exhibit will
speedily progress.
Islanders Believed From the Bur
den Imposed Upon Immigrants
Prom Elsewhere.
FELIPINOS ADMITTED
WITHOUT. A HEAD TAX
The developments incident to the concentra
tion of traffic on Sixteenth street will neces
sitate the opening and widening of Eighth
street from Sixteenth to Division.
It is therefore respectfully recommended that
thin board be authorized to take the necessary
steps 'to accomplish the extension and widening
° Th« 3 extension of the street will necessitate
th* cutting through of two blocks bounded by
Carolina and Rhode Island streets. '
Board of Works Wants Authority to
Open Thoroughfare to Traffic.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
recommended to the Board of Supervisors
that Eighth street, from Sixteenth to
Denison, be opened and widened. The
present width of Eighth street is 82:6 feet
and the Board of Works desires authority
to proceed with the work of making the
fctreet 100 feet wide. The following com
munication on the subject, together with
a map outlining the scheme to be fol
lowed, was sent to the Supervisors:
EIGHTH STBEET WIDENING.
Colonel W. S. Patten assumed the du
ties of the chief quartermaster of the de
partment yesterday, relieving Colonel
Hyde, -who has been on duty at St. Paul,
Minn., for several months. Major C. A.
p-vo!, who has been temporarily In
ChxTtfr. will return to transport head
<;i:arters.
The Sheridan is reported to have left
Manila September 16.
California Comraandery of the Naval
and Military Order of Veterans of the
Spar/.sh-Atr.erican War xveg formed at
General MacArthur's headquarters last
nlsht.
The artillery forces at the Presidio had
a two hours' practice with the twelve
inch defense guns yesterday morning.
News in Army Circles.
E. A. Neilson, a plumber 29 years old,
was accidentally suffocated in his bed at
38 Hoff avenue during Sunday night. His
body was found at 11 o'clock yesterday
morning. , The key of the gas burner in
the room was turned partly on. In the
hope that he might be resuscitated the
body was taken to the City and County
Hospital, but when the ambulance ar
rived it was found that death had- taken
place some hours before.
Succumbs to Gas.
Members cf Speranza Italiana No. 219,
Free and Accepted Masons, to the num
ber cf about 150. including many ladies,
met last Saturday evening In one of the
prcidinpr.t rotisseries for the purpose of
celebrating the anniversary of the entry
of the Italian troops in Rome on the 20th
of September. 1V70, when the unity of Italy
was accomplished.
An Italian supper was served In the
banquet hal^ which was elaborately dec
orated with flower* and evergreens. One
of the features of the decorations was the
Masonic column* of the lodgeroom In
flowers fifteen feet high, between which
was ehown in electric effect the compass
tnd pquare supporting the symbolic G of
the Masonic fraternity.
After the black coffee was served J. C
Eala, toastmapter, called upon a number
of those present to respond to toasts. The
tcastmaster, after alluding to the occa
sion of the banquet, called upon G. B.
Cordano to respond to the lodge, then
v.pon A. Sbarboro, the only charter mem
ber of the lodge present. Mr. Sbarboro
was followed by F. Cavagnaro, who re
pponded to "The Unification of Italy."
Then followed a most eloquent address
on "Italy" by Rev. Jacob Nieto. Then
there wa« a response to "The Native
Sons" by Dr. A. H. Giar.nini.
The ppeechmaking was followed by
dancing In an adjoining hall until a late
hour. The affair was successfully car
ried out under the direction of J. C. Sala.
G. B. Cordano, F. Cavagnaro, Charles
Ecalmanini and A. A. Mlchelettl.
Pleasant Gathering at a Banquet
Table of Members of the
Order.
FREEMASONS CELEBRATE
UNIFICATION OF ITALY
Through the agency of Sonntag Bros.,
William J. Dingee has sold to a client of
the brokers named- for $175,000 the prop
erty on Geary street forty feet east from
Grant avenue and immediately adjoining
the Maison Riche. The same brokers
have also made a deal in which John H.
Gebhardt transfers for $27,500 a lot, 27:6x120
feet, on the south line of Eddy street,
running through to Laurel avenue, and
Improvements, consisting of three flats
on Eddy street and also two flats on
Laurel avenue.
Dingee Transfers Property Situated
on' Geary Street, Near Grant
Avenue, for $175,000.
LARGE REALTY PEAT.
OPENS PRESENT WEEK
Mr. Taylor will ppend only one day In
this city. On Thursday h# will start back
for St, Louis. He wlll^robably be ac
companied to St. Louis'by Commissioner
Filcher. The bids of contractors for the
erection of the California building on the
exposition grounds have been called for,
and they will probably be received by the
time that Commissioner Filcher shall ar
rive in St. Louis. At once after the con
tract is awarded the work of construct
ing the California building will begin.
Incidentally other matter? concerning
California and its relations to the exposi
tion may be taken up. Mr. Taylor has
!>.-»>n at Ogrden. ar.d also visited Xevada
on Invitation of Mr. Yerrinpton, the Ex
position Commissioner for Nevada. While
be was in Nevada l.e was invited by the
California Commissioners to come to Cal
ifornia to get into closer touch with this
Ptate.
F. W. Taylor, superintendent of the
departments of horticulture and agricul
ture at the St. Louis Exposition, will be
here to-morrow to confer with the Cali
fornia Commissioners to the exposition,
Messrs. Filcher and Wiggins. California
has 40,000 square feet of space already se
cured in the agricultural and horticultural
building at the big show. This has been
found to be insufficient, and a request
has been made for the allotment of sev
oral thousand more square feet In the
fime building. In this structure will be
the great collective exhibit representative
«{ California. When Mr. Taylor gets here
to-morrow he will probably go into the
kubject of more space and the reasons ad
duced for the request for supplemental
loom.
Dexter was called to the stand and ad
mitted that he had been at times a little
bit harsh to his wife.
"I had to reprimand her several times
because of her conduct with Spinney. He
had money and came between my wife
and me. Why, on one occasion, a little
more than a year ago, I bought an oyster
omelette at the request of my wife. I
had twelve oysters put in that omelette,
and expected to share In it, but she gave
my share to Spinney. In fact she gave
him the whole thing, even refusing to
give me one oyster."
A divorce was granted to W. J. Dicker
son from Hazel Dickerson for desertion
and Blanche Crowther* from Andrew F.
Crowther for neglect. Suits for divorce
were tiled by Rosa Viola. Vassels against
George R. Vassels for desertion, Sarah
Schultz against Samuel Schultz for
cruelty and Amelia McMinn against Jo
seph McMinn for neglect.
The divorce euit of L.ibbie Dexter
against Charles Dexter, gambler, was
heard by Judge Troutt yesterday and
taken under submission. Mrs. Dexter
wants a divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty, claiming that her husband made
her life unhappy by accusing her of being
too friendly with one Joseph Spinney.
She said that he was so jealous of Spin
ney that he once struck her. after a quar
rel that was caused by a discussion over
Spinney's standing In the family.
There is a chance that the matrimonial
difficulties of Wllhelmlna Gelhaus and
Frank Gelhaus may be settled without the
interference of the divorce court. It is
a Bllm chance, to be sure, but Judge Gra
ham has determined that it is worth the
risking, and because he thinks so he
made an order yesterday directing the
entire Gelhaus family, father, mother and
ten children, to appear before him next
Friday so that he can hear a little more
of the difficulties that beset the path of
the plaintiff and defendant, and if needs
be, send them home to patch them up.
The case came up for hearing before
Judge Graham yesterday, and his decis
ion was arrived at after he had heard the
tale of woe told by Mrs. Gelhaus.
Gelhaus Is a coal dealer, with a yard on
Fourteenth 6treet, between Mission and
Market. Some three months ago his wife
sued him for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. He answered, denying her
charges, and in a cross complaint he ac
cused her of being the cruel one. When
Mrs. Gelhaus took the witness stand yes
terday, it became very evident that the
action for divorce was simply the result
of a quarrel that had been preceded by
many others, and which happened to be
a little bit more trying than the ones that
occurred during the first few months of
their married life. She testified that she
had been married to Gelhaus for ten
years and that during that time she had
borne him seven children, in addition to
caring for the three children that were
his by a former marriage. She said that
he had slapped her a few times during
their married life, and had also said many
unkind things to her. She said that other
wise Gelhaus was a good husband. He
frequently did her washing for her and
helped her with her household duties.
Her actions in court showed that she was
a little bit overwrought, ana, Judge Gra-.
ham told her attorney that a little rest
would do her some good, and he put the
case over for a few weeks, asking Mrs.
Gelhaus to appear before him next Friday
with all her children, even to the little
one torn to her after she had instituted
the divorce proceedings, u
Ordinances were passed to print provid
ing for the acceptance of Cough street,
between Golden Gate avenue and Turk
street, and of Waller street, between De
visadero and Brodcrick streets.
The Olympic Club was granted a permit
to give an amateur bpxlng tournament at
its clubrooms on Thursday evening, Sep
tember 24.
The ordinance designed to suppress
housecleaning machines operating by com-',
pressed air on the public streets was
made a special order for next Monday.
The demands of M. J. McGrath and J.
F. Collins, aggregating J872 05, for ser
vices as deputy Justices' clerks during
April, May, June, July and August, 1903,
were ordered paid.
The petition of the North Side Athletic
Club for special permission to give one
professional boxing exhibition during
each of the months of October, November
and December, 1903, was referred to the
Police Committee.
The report of the Board of Works that
B. Lantry & Sons are conducting blasting
operations In the Potrero In a manner
dangerous to 1IW and property and re
questing that the firm be cited to show
cause why its permit should not be re
scinded was referred to the Street Com
mittee.
The resolution authorizing the Hassell
Audit Company to complete the expert
ing of the books in the Cdunty Clerk's of
fice and appropriating $2500 out of the ur
gent necessity fund for the purpose was
finally passed.
Grades were ordered changed on Mason
ic and Tr^mont avenues and on Java
street.
Replying to the Mayor's statement,
Brandenstein said that the vetoes of the
Mayor did not affect the action of the
Health Board and Board of Works in
raising salaries. The two boards, he con
tinued, had used moneys specifically ap
propriated for new positions and for oth
er purposes for the sole purposes of in
creasing salaries, to which the committee
had taken exception.
BRANDENSTEIN REPLIES.
Mayor Schmltz expressed his pleasure
at the presentation of the report, and said
that he was sorry the Supervisors were
not of the same opinion when he had by
veto reduced the appropriation of the two
boards named, which, however, the board
had overruled.
Your committee further reports that Its in
vestigation developed the fact that certain
salaries that were set aside for additional
employes of the Health Department, upon the
recommendation of that department at the
time of the consideration of the budget, had
not been devoted to that purpose by the Board
of Health but had been applied by It to the
payment of the Increased salaries before men
tioned. - . , . . .
Your committee regrets that this board has
not the power to repeal the acts of these two
departments which are in defiance of the rec
ommendations of the budget, and that this
board should be confined to a recommendation
and request to those departments to rescind
their action and abide by the provisions of
the budget and to make such increases and
only such increases in salaries and wages as
arfc Specifically authorized and provided for in
the budget.
SAXARIES ARE JUGGLED.
The joint Committee on Finance,** Hospital
and Health, and Streets. Sewers and Parks,
respectfully reports to this board that after *
careful, detailed investigation of the actions
of the Board of Public Works and the Board
of Health In increasing the salaries of cer
tain employes of those boards In excess of
the provisions of the budget therefor it is not
satisfied tvith tho6e actions. The appropria
tions made in the budget of this fiscal year
to cover the needs of these two departments
were determined upon only after an ex
haustive examination of the actual needs of
those departments. The subsequent investi
gation by the committee only confirmed the
correctness of those appropriations. While the
committee recognizes that under the charter
these departments may have control of the
amount of compensation to be paid to their
employes, nevertheless, as the Board of Su
pervisors has the ultimate responsibility of the
financial affairs - of the city, and in order to
make the proper appropriations for the various
departments of government, must determine
upon a basis of compensation for the various
employes of ail the departments, its implied
or expressed recommendations In the budget
should be respected by the various departments
unless good cause is shown to the contrary.
Your committee reports that in its judgment
no cause was shown why the recommenda
tions of the budget were ignored by these de
partments.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopteu the report submitted by the joint
Committee on Finance, Health and Streets
in which the Health Board and Board of
Public Works are taken to task for in
creasing salaries of certain subordinates,
which were not provided for by the mu
nicipal budget. The report follows:
Will Hear California's
Plea for Space at
St. Louis.
Thinks the Gelhaus Fam
ily Should Live in
Peace.
Supervisors Disapprove
of Big* Increases in
Salaries.
Overture by the orchestra; address of wel
come. Henry Ascroft; "Estudiantina," Harmony
Quintet; baritone solo, James E. Gordon; "The
Grand Council," A. M. Merrltt: cornet solo.
E. C. Sykes; "California Council No. 2."
Franklin H. Day; tenor solo. C. T. Wendell;
"Our Guests— the Ladies," Colonel C. H. Mur
phy; Intermezzo. "Anona," by the orchestra;
"Cryptic Masonry," Robert Ash; instrumental
selection, orchestra; "The Early Days of the
Council," George C. Bromley. .
The committee of arrangements was
composed of James E. Gordon, Robert
Ash, John Tonnlngsen, B. B. Duncan and
Thomas Trebel.
After the programme there was a ban
quet in Commandery Hall, which was
partaken of by about 300 people. During
the discussion of the excellent supper
there was an . additional programme,
which included:
Overture from "Faust," Bennett's Orchestra:
legend. "Mohring." Harmony Quintet: bass
solo. "Asleep in the Deep," W. C. Campbell;
'cello boIo. "Ave Maria," Franz Mayer; so
prano solo, Mi?s Margaret Hewitt; intermezzo,
"Cavallerla Rustlcana," orchestra; recitation,
Miss Elizabeth F. Bartlett; soprano solo, "De
light," Miss Viola H. Samter: lute solo. "Melo
dle in F," Professor Samuel Adelstein; "An
nie Laurie." Harmony Quintet. Samuel D.
Mayer, musical director.
California Council No. 2, Royal and Se
lect Masters, F. and A. M., tendered a
reception to ladies In the Masonic Tem
ple last Saturday night. Between 8 and
half-past 9 o'clock there was a soiree mu
sicale In the Chapter Hall, when the fol
lowing programme was presented:
California Council, Royal and Select
Masters, Gives a Reception
and Banquet.
HIGH MASONIC BODY
ENTEBTAINS LADIES
JUDGE FAVORS
OLIVE BRANCH
TWO BOARDS ARE
TAKEN TO TASK
TAYLOR COMING
FOR CONFERENCE
Inasmuch as the valuation of the Assessor,
if this is a county, is subject to equalization
by the State Board, tlrere is some foundation,
under the decisions ot »ur Supreme Court, as
to the nature of the city and county of ban
Francisco for the contention that the valuation
as fixed by the State Hoard of Equalization
must be accepted by .the city and county of
San Francisco for all purposes. 1 do not my
self hold to this theory. I believe that It ia
possible to entirety disassociate the valua
tion as fixed by the Assessor and the Board
of Supervisors for municipal purposes from
that which is eventually fixed by the State
Board of Equalization for State purposes, it
may be the ultimate conclusion of our courts
that we have power within our charter to
adopt an assessment made by a count;- officer
as the basis for a municipal tax levy.
I give little weight to the language that is
found in the decision of the Supreme vCOurt
(Baldwin vs Ellis. CS Cal. 49o). upholding the
contention that there can be but one valua
tion of the property within the State The
facts there presented do not raise that ques
tion as to a separate and different valuation
within a municipality for municipal purposes
and the language of the commissioner is so
general and loose as to be of little authority.
It is a matter of common knowledge that in
many of the cities in this State there is one
valuation fixed for municipal Purposes and
another valuation fixed by the County Asses
sor for cdunty and State purposes. The the
ory of our constitution is that the munici
pality shall be Independent of the State so
far as purely local revenues are concerned.
ADVISES LOWER BATE.
I advise that at the next meeting, viz.: the
third Monday In September, you fix a tax .rate
for municipal purposes in conformity with the
provisions of the Political Code and based
upon the valuation made by the State Board
of Equalization. The rate so fixed should be
approximately 30 per cent lower than the rate
fixed in June and should be sufficient, and
only sufficient, to produce the same revenue
as would be produced by the June rate based
upon the Assessor's valuation. In the or
dinance fixing such municipal rate no refer
ence whatever should be made to the June
rate so that the point could not be made
[hat' there was a direct repeal of the previous
levy It is understood that the Auditor shall
at once proceed to act upon the assumption
that the September rate as fixed by you is
valid Proceedings in mandamus will then be
brought in the Supreme Court by a tax
payer to compel him to act in accordance with
*ho limn levy and in this proceeding I hope
tor 1 determination of the whole question
within a short period and before taxes become
dplinouent By this procedure, no matter
what the determination of the court as to the
Tat e that is valid, the taxpayer will be called
upon to pay only the amount of municipal
tax?s that ho would have been called upon to
Pay had the State board not raised the valua
tion fixed by the Assessor.
ASSESSOR'S VALUATION.
If we accept the rate as fixed in June, which
Is $1,070, and accept the valuation upon the
property •within this municipality as fixed by
the State Board of Equalization, we will raise
by taxation an amount approximately $1,300,
000 more than has been provided for by the
budget. It is the law as eet forth in the
charter and sustained by the courts that no
expenditure can be made by the city and
county for municipal purposes, excepting in
conformity wlttu the budget appropriation. The
effect of permitting the tax rate of June to
stand and levying the same upon the valua
tion as fixed by the State Board of Equaliza
tion would be to increase the revenues of
the city without permitting any possible ex
penditure of the same during the fiscal year in
which it is raised.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance declaring the
tax rate for the. next fiscal year, both for
State and city purposes, to be $1-405 on
every $100 assessed valuation. The State
tax levy is 56.1 cents, and that for the city
is fixed at 84.4 cents, the latter rate being
adopted on recommendation of the City
Attorney to meet the raise ordered by the
State Board of Equalization In order not
to collect the sum of ?1,300,000' under the
rate of $1,076 adopted in June In excess of
the appropriations made in the municipal
budget. The total assessment roll, includ
ing the raise of $118,213,676 made by the
Board of Equalization, Is $545,855,324. The
tabulated statement of the new tax rate
follows:
Funds. Rat? in cents. Produces.
General fund .6».13 $3,7.{.5.02O
Fireman's relief fund... 00.35 18,900
School fund U7.50 4U0.00U
Library fund 01.50 81,000
Park fund 05.47 295,380
Interest account 00.27 14.5.M)
Sinking rund 00. IS 0.72W
Total .*. ..84.4 $4,537,600
CITY ATTORNEY'S OPINION.
City Attorney Lane rendered an opinion
In answer to the question touching the
raising of the assessment roll of the city
and county of San Francisco by the State
Board of Equalization and the effect suc"h
raise has upon the rate of taxation for i
city and county purposes, as fixed by the
Board of Supervisors the last Monday in
June. The opinion says:
I suggest the advisability of presenting the
questions flowing out of the action of the
State Hoard of Equalization to the Supremo
Court for final and authoritative Judicial de
termination. Pending this decision. I advise
that the Hoard of Supervisors, at its next
meeting, fix a new and lower 'rate of taxa
tion for city and county purpoees. based upon
the incn-aced valuations established by the
State Board of Equalization.
The State Hoard of Equalization increased
the assessment roll of the city and county of
San Francisco by raising the same SO per cent,
thereby adding to the valuation of the prop
erty within the city and county by the amount
of over ?li>O.OC0,WO.
Proceedings Will Be Brought in Su
preme Court to Determine
the Validity of the
The petition was referred to the Street
Committee and Is supplementary' to a pre
vious application of the same company
for a franchise over a number of streets
in the vicinity of Sixteenth street, which
is now in the hands of the City Engineer.
When the franchise for a bay shore line
to the Southern Pacific Company was un
der consideration strong protests were
made against giving the company practi
cal control of Sixteenth street, to the ex
clusion of teaming traffic.
Your petitioner is a transcontinental rail
road and it desires to enter the city of San
Francisco with its road and run Its Cars to the
Wflter front at the most suitable points for
rublic convenience. That the ordinance grant
ing such right shrill be upon the conditions that
this company shall have and keep in repair the
streets along said route from curb to curb In
such manner as may be prescribed by the Su
ptrvisors. This company further expresses its
willingness to comply with the charter and the
State laws. The permit for which the fran
chise Is desired 1b forty-nine years.
That said line of railroad has been located
so as to be most compatible with the public
good and the least private injury. That your
petitioner is ready to begrln the construction
of said line as soon as permission is granted
by the Board of Supervisors.
The "Western Pacific Railway Company
filed a petition yesterday with the Board
of Supervisors requesting «<hat it be
granted a franchise to operate a steam
double-track railroad from a point begin
ning at or near the intersection of Six
teenth street with thn easterly line of
Kansas street, and running thence east
erly along Sixteenth street to the water
front, a distance of some nineteen blocks.
The petitioners also submitted the draft
of a proposed ordinance covering the
grant of franchise. The petition says:
Takes A'ction as Result of
Opinion Piled by City
Bases Levy on Assess
ment Raise by State
Equalizers.
nental Line.
Wants Entrance Into This
City for Transconti-
Western Pacific Com
pany Seeking a Right
of Way.
ROARD FIXES
LOWER RATE
FOR CITY TAX
FILES PETITION
FOR FRANCHISE
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
Has been success-
¦>S5»AyJ3a "fully used by lead-
* /*"9b^ GtS**" Inp actresses, slng-
fftsfif T^sa eI "s and women of
i •»W9 d ftrtSa fashion for more
I JgsT W* >TJf than 25 year*.
1/3 «/ J' Wherever applied
\5 ffw !t •• Instantly ab-
j! 2/ sorted' through th«
. W "*tT pores of the skin,
' sf I and lta wonderful
jp \ nutrition feed* th»
f Wasting tissues.
/_ _^ BEMOVXHQ
fSrflJUl A FXMFX.2S
'^'•vK^N *. If As lf by niaglc, one
" *.1W17> »** application often
1 ?jJ/^-_ L /fV showing a remark-
, «''^c}?grtj ab ] 8 improvement,
DR CHARLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows In the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeks,
arms and hands.
FOB DEVELOPING TH£ BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it has the
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust firm,
large and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGQISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes,
in plain wrapper.
,-r ,-» n r: — A sample box and our book,
h KtD "ART OF MASSAGE," fully illUS.
trated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DR. CHARLES CO., 19 Fatk Pl»w. Mew YirL
Dr. lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
TJsed by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
- PREPARED BY
ADVEBTISERLENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IgAJ^wf^&TfrjJJ j| For Infants and Children.
iHMKlThe Kind You Have
Always Bought
I AV r ege(ablePreparalionforAs- '|] «
similatingttieFoodandBegula- M ._. »i M
UngtheStoracteawlBoweisor M .D63>rS tll8 j t
Promotes Digestion.CheerfuK* ]M • . ja */ |A#
ness and Rest.Contains neither pA n x» ffi Je a m
Opium.Morphine nor>lineial. [;j Ui #|| IV
Tfox Haml c otic . m «l \\ it*'
AaxS-A+ I id A »%% " 111
&BEU** { l| i\ ill* ¦»
mumyrmt flttrer. / Mj W\9 ¥ 1 f\ t\
Apcrfect Remedy for Constipa- |[ fl ft* UOu
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoea f !m-\ \Lj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- ||i 1 if !l rt v Oiinp
ness and Loss OF SLEEP, m \J* 1 U I U V U I
Facsimile Signature oF ;lj
.-^i^L^ 1^^- ii Ilillljf ICQIO
El fl^*^^^^^^?T^^ jmw c jfc i Km y^ F3\n W%l *¦ 1 1 fel Fj w4 Ki * I W ll
W f | I \f -»j uj Mm »J fH \t\ CJ * 1 | M mm I lj ! I
" " THI CtftTAUn COMPART. NtW TOftH CITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
AN INCOMPARABLE HIT
Every Night, including Sunday.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY
Henry W. Savage Announces the
MSKBIEST MUSICAL COXEOT,
PRINCE
OF t
PILSBN
By Plxley & Luders, Authors of "Kin* Dcxlo.'*
areat MetropoUtan Cast!
Magnificent Production!
Innumerable Song Eltll
Falke and Sexnon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; Wood and Bay;
Frederic Bond and Company;
Arnesen; James Richmond Glen-
roy; Princess Losoros and E»
Boubsy's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IN PARIS"
Ah Electrical Kevlew In Four Tableaux.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
and Opera Chairs. COc.
' T Props.
Market «t.. near Eighth. Fhone South 533.
TO-NIOHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAT MATINEES.
Bducicault'a Famous Melodrama,
AFTER DARK.
/•««m The River of Real Water!
L ' B '¦ The Plunge for a Life!
SM H. The Underground Railway!
1 . The LUhtning Eipn>n Train!
km/ MJiLJ Dleey Morris' Dancehall!
Great Specialties!
PPIfEC EVENINGS 10c to BOo'
raiVCO MATINEES 10c. 15c, 23o
' Monday, September 28. Openlnj? of L n,
BTOCKWELL Engagement In Hoyfs "A Tenv.
perance Town."
JOHN LlFcLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON AXQ
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET t>E LA MORT."'
VISIT THE "MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE.'*
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning Aafc for "The Chutes."
SYMPHONUONCERTS.
SAN FRANCISCO 8TMPHONT SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL. Director.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Tuesdays. Sept. 22. Sept. 20, Oct 6.
Concert TuesdAy. Sept. 22. Includes
RICHARD STRAUSS' SERENADE. HATDN'9
FIFTH RTMPHONT, BEETHOVEN'S CORI-
OLANCS OVERTURE.
HERR OTTO SPAMER, Violin Soloist.
SEATS ON SALE AT SHERMAN & CLAT3.
PRICES— 30c. $1 00. $1 25. $1 50.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
l^m^mSmSSmmum^ammmmmmtmmmm^J^SmSSlZJ '
NEXT MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
September 28 and 29.
Special Matinee Next " Tuesday. Sept. 29,
THE EVEBTMAIT COM7A2TT
In an Elizabethan Production of
' 8HAKESPEARES
XWEL.F'TH NIGHT
RESERVED SEATS— $1 50 and $1 at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s to-morrow.
THE WEEKLY CALL
The test known and most I
K^^M popular brand of bottlea I
beer m the world is
. i *i i i v * n
it has a mild, delicious ilavor,is put up I
in a neat, attractive manner, is always 1
11 i ii I
A easing to the eye and agreeable to i
the taste . INo better table beverage I
canbeofereclthanPabstBlueRibbdn. J
Jrabst JDeer 13 a/ways pure. I
Orders filled by I
W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. " m
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLHS®.
J TO-OTOHT
Thursday end Sunday Nights, Saturday
« Matinee,
Verdi's Lyric Opera,
"LA TRAVIATA"
(Camllle.)
TINA DK SPADA. GIUSEPPE AGOSTIN'I.
ADAMO GREGORBTTI.
"Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights,
Bizet's Masterpiece.
"CARMEN"
"Will Positively Be Presented.
CX.OE MARCHESINI. ADELJNA TROMBEN.
EMANUELE ISCHIERDO. GIUSEPPE
ZANINI.
Prices the same as ever 25c. 50c, 75c
i ¦ Telephone — Bush 0.
fAblJFORJNIAl
i ¦ ("go where the crowds! Jan I
» Beet Comedy Opera in Years. •* ¦
The jwitmark's]
Chaperons...
With the Great Original New Tork All-
Star Cast.
Everybody Talking About It. \
This Week Only — Matinee Saturday.
1.- SUNDAT— HOYTS "A TEX- , U A \
lj AS STEER." tj I
SPANDSS!/£*
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every lady and child presented with a souve-
nir picture of a popular Lilliputian at Sat-
urday Matinee.
LAST FIVE NIGHTS
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT— TO-MORROW • NIGHT.
Alfred Celller's Pretty Pastoral Comic Opera,
" DOKOTHT "
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY* NIGHTS AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
H. M. S PINAFORE
Saturday Night THE BELLE OF NEW
YORK.
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE. JAMES NEILL
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE.
PRICES— Evenings 13c, 25c, 50c. 75c
Matinees 15c. 25c. 50c
i t ri I r» ft T 1 ! Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR JTJS.,
UNPRECEDENTED SUCCESS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Appearing To-night. Wednesday. Saturday and
Sunday Evenings and Baturday Matinee in
The Adventure of
Lady Ursula. -
THRUS. MAT. and THURS. and FRI. EVGS..
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
Evenings, 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat., 15c to We.
Night Prices at Gloconda Matinee.
Next Monday— Last Week but One.
MISS ROBERTS IN ZAZA.
THINK OF IT! THIRD WEEK OP
"The Glad Hand"
AND
"The Con-cin»ers'\
*• - 'AND PACKED LAST NIGHT!
Our "AU Star". Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c: Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Monday. October 5 — Our Next Great Musical
Success, "THE PARADERS." Seats now on
sale.
Palace D0NT FAIL T0
taiUVW Bee the be^tifoi
j COURT Lounging
flfll1 room, the EMPIRE
um * PARLOR, the
r~ A ~J PALM ROOM, the
uranu louis xv. par.
n A ,i DIES' WRITING
notels room-
Coal Reduction
\ 2000 Pounds
. Put in Youp Bin
AMERICAN '.CANNEL $10
Sold by AU Ball*t>l« Dealer*.Powder Explosion in a Fort.
VIENNA, Sept. 21.— The newspapers
state that on the occasion of his ap
proaching visit here the Czar, on account
of the project formed by the Socialist or
ganizations of making street demonstra
tions in sympathy with the Russian strik
ers, will not venture in tho streets of
Vienna. He will spend only a half-day
at Schoenbrunn Castle, whence both the
Emperors will proceed to Styria on a
shooting trip.
Czar Not to Venture on Streets. ,
-.; - ; "v R. H. E.
New York ....4 8 4
Cleveland .8 13 0
Batteries— Griffith and Beville- Rhoades and
Abbott -. \ -. i- ,-,;•..
Philadelphia ...... n
Detroit , 1 .9 l
; Batteries — Plank and Schreck; Donovan and
Buelow.
_ NEW TORK, y Sept. 21.— Hard hitting . by
Cleveland and pW fielding by New York gave
a victory to Cleveland. Score :
curldKdT 0^ Sept 21.-Wa S hlngtOn *e-
Si- nnnhi . ln the flrat lnnin * that St. Louis
Score" overcome. Attendance.' 1000.
Washington ......... ... *6 10*1
St. Louis ......'!...!!.'." 4 10 2
Batteries— Dunkle and Kittredge; Wright"
blevera and Kahoe.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 21— A. batting rally
in tne- seventh gave the home team to-day"s
game. Attendance. 2805. Score:
Boston **¦ **• E -
Chicago .'. . ' ' ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; 3 7 f
Su»?van rie8 ~ GlbS0I '' ai i <: ' SS ! S P atters on »*»
The suit for $75,000 damages for breach
of promise brought by Mary K. Lester
against Joseph F. Buxke, a Klondlker,
will not be tried, it has been settled out
or court. An announcement to this effect
was made yesterday by Miss Lester's at
torneys when the case was called in
Judge Graham's court, and the suit was
ordered stricken from the calendar.
wonthe"^. Hfej *™™"'* m . run
Miss Lester Is Recompensed.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept 2L— Samuel Vig
neux, manager of the Portland team of
the Pacific Coast Baseball League, re
sigried to-day and Fred Ely was elected.,
to fill th« vacancy.
Baseball Manager Vigneux Resigns.
Chicago's Infield Goes to Pieces and !
' Presents New York Team With
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. Sept. Sl.-Plttsbur* tried out
A!te n n7ance aye 3 M0 n &?"" *** ** h °^
»E&r?r r 4 - »• »
Brooklyn ";"' S 9 3
and Carrisch : Jones *nd
Second game — j> -a t?
Plttsburg , *;• E -
Brooklyn ..'.Y.^J 9 3
Batteries — Moran and Weaver: Thatcher ami
Jacklltsch. Umpire— Emalie. lnl «cner and
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Chlcago'a Infleld went
all to pieces In the flrst Inning and on three
of tho rankest kinds of errors presented' New
York with four runs, enough to win the game.
Attendance. 4800. Score:
Chicago *3 "• E 5
New . York g jo j
Batteries— Currie and Kling; Matthewson
and Warner. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 21.— Philadelphia took
both games from Cincinnati by timely and
heavy hitting. The second game was called
in the sixth inning on account of darknesu
Attendance. 2400. Scores:
First came— R. H. E^
Cincinnati 2 11 *
Philadelphia %::. ...11 12 0
Batteries— Harper and Fohl; Sparks and
Roth.
Second game— , R. H. E
Cincinnati ......13 i 13 g
Philadelphia .... ..14 18 1
Batteries — Regan and Reltz; , McFettridga
DuBEleby, Dorn and, Roth. Umplres-rHurst
and Johnstone.
- AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Sept. 11.— Although Boston out
tatted Chicago to-day, the contest ran thre*
PITTSBURG TRIES OUT
NEW PLAYERS AND LOSES
Waddell Signs With Manager Mack.,
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Sept. 21.— Rube ;
Waddell, the pitcher, admitted to-day
that he -would play next year with the
Philadelphia Americans. He has signed
& contract with Manager Mack.
John I. Sabln, president of the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company
announces that W. J. Phillips, who has
been for several years division manager
of the company in Oregon and Washing
ton, has been transferred to San Fran
cisco to occupy th.e position, recently cre
ated, of city manager. The entire charge
of the company's local business will be in
the hands of Phillips, to -whom all mat
ters in connection with local telephone
business may be made known by tele
phone or writing.
City Manager of Telephones.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21. — William Coppee
Stevens, chief clerk in the United States en
gineering department office, Is dead at his
home here, aped 49 years. He was formerly
stationed at Portland, Or.
SKDALIA. Mo.. Sept. 21.— Fire at the State
Fair Grounds to-day destroyed the cattle and
horse barns, the emergency fire engine-house
ard eighteen freight cars. V '
PARIS, 111.. Sept. 21.— Bondholders of the
Paris Gaa, Ltght and Coke Company to-day
made application In the Circuit Court for a
receiver.
Player Dies From Lockjaw.
MARION. Ind., Sept. 21.— John SteudeL
a former player on the Evansville. base
ball team in the Central League, died this
afternoon from lockjaw. He broke a fin
ger while playing Baseball two weeks ago
and .tetanus followed.
Shortstop Francks Is" Recovering 1 .
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 21.— -"Buck"
Francks. shortstop for the Oakland base
ball team, who was taken 111 several days
ago In this city, has been operated upon
fcr appendicitis. Dr. Pierce, the attend
ing surgeon, pronounces Francks' condi
tion as satisfactory.
Noted Singer Not Murdered.
PARIS, Sept. 21. — The Eugenie Fougere
who was murdered at Aix les Baines last
Friday night was not the music singer of
that name.
Judgment for G. M. Rosenthal for costs
was rendered yesterday by Judge Heb
bard against the City of Paris Dry Goods
Company. The suit was for $130 for goods
furnished Mrs. Rosenthal the day follow
ing the filing of a suit for di
vorce by Rosenthal, and which
were charged to her. The evidence
showed that the plaintiff corporation had
falled^o make sufficient inquiry as to the
ability of Mrs. Rosenthal to pay, and had
overlooked the fact that the goods pur
chased were not necessaries.
Rosenthal Need Not Pay.
Colonel Underwood was born at Saco,
Me. During the Civil War he served as
a lieutenant In the Maine artillery. His
title of colonel came later when he served
on the staff of the Governor of Minnesota.
Colonel Underwood Jaid the Northern Pa
cific; Railroad track through the Sioux
country" with a detachment* of United
States troops as guards when the Indians
were contesting every foot of ground. At
one time he took Sitting Bull prisoner and
held him as hostage to -protect his forces.
When the Canadian Pacific engineers were
blocked by the difficulties at Crows Nest
Pass, Sir William Van Home employed
him to undertake the task, and It was
under his direction that most of the scenic
portion of the Canadian Pacific in the
neighborhood of Banff was built. He also
built portions of the Great Northern Rail
road/and ln one year practically rebuilt
the Duluth, Mesaba and Northern Rail
road.
Colonel Underwood entered the Minne
sota Legislature in 1874, and with the ex
ception of two terms served continuously
for twenty-one v years. He came to Port
land in 1899. ,
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 21.— Colonel J.
M. Underwood, well known as a railroad
constructor and formerly a member of
the Minnesota State Legislature, died to
day at his residence in Portland at the
age of 61.
Colonel J. M. Underwood, Former
Member of the Minnesota Legis
lature, Dies in Portland.
RAILROAD CONSTRUCTOR
OF NOTE PASSES AWAY
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, acting- principal of
the South End School, appeared again
yesterday afternoon before Superintend
ent W. H. Langdon In relation to the^al
leged charges of having severely whipped
Frank Duignan, a pupil in that school.
Langdon decided to bring the matter up
before the regular meeting of the board
on Wednesday, and then It will be de
cided whether the case will be brought
to public trial' or not.
•Will Discuss Whipping Case.
2:21 class pacing. " purse $800— Cotillion, won
two straight heats in 2:12^^^10 %«ch
Mowry Sadie Hal. Johnny O Margaret War*
ner Charles C. Fantim. Irish Klder Foxy
Quiller Jimmy O. May Sherbert. Go Direct
Agne« Pointer. Mary Gordon. Winnie S
and Bare Boy also started '
Attendance at Columbus Driving
Park Exceeds That of Any Pre
vious Opening Day.
COLUMBUS, O., Sept. 21.-The Grand
Circuit meeting at the Columbus Driving
Park opened to-day. The weather to-day
was clear and warm and the track fast.
The attendance was the largest ever
recorded on an opening day at the local
track. Summary:
gssi&s s T o= a a&ffie* »~ :
he^.n D1 2?09,l On 2^T C 2^^ lrd T r LS
won the first heat in 2:0SV« and was dl"
tanced in the third. Hazel Banks D Tck WIN
son and Fred H also etarted.
2:14 class trot, purse ?20«> — Jay McGreeor
TI^TI:^ g^ g tW °
GRAND CIRCUIT MEETING -
DRAWS A LARGE CROWD
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 21.— A Miner spe
cial from Helena says that officials ot
the A. M. Holter Hardware Company to
day discovered that their powder house
and magazine, located just outside the
city limits, had been broken into last
Friday night- and 2150 pounds of dyna
mite had been stolen. To-day word was
received from Blossburg that a quantity
of dynamite was found cached along the
tracks of the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Railway officials will say nothing about
the find. /• •
Powder Magazine Is Looted.
RICHMOND, Va., Sept. 21.— The Moun
tain Top Hotel on Blue Ridge and near
Afton, Nelson County, ha3 been destroyed
by fire. All of the guests escaped.
Fire Destroys Mountain Top Hotel.
Bernard Altheer, the young chicken
rancher, whose disappearance from his
place at Petaluma was noticed in Sun
day's Call, returned to the home of his
parents at 1261 Webster street yesterday
morning. At the time of his sudden dis
appearance from the Petaluma chicken
ranch he had quite a sum of money on
his person, and his non-arrival at his city
home aroused the suspicion of his rela
tives that he might have met with foul
play. Such, however, was not the case,
as when he reported at his home he had
all his property intact. The only strange
feature of his disappearance is that he
claims to have lost all recollection of how
or where he spent the twenty-four hours
of his time that is unaccounted for.
Altheer Returns to His Home.
ASBURY PARK, N. J., Sept. 21.—
Frederick S. Gibbs, member of the Na
tional Republican Committee for New
York, died to-day of an affection of the
heart.
Death of Republican Leader.
By the New Tork Telegraph.
First Race — Van Ness, Alabarch,
King Pepper.
Second Race — Blytheness, Euph
rata, St. Valentine.
Third Roce^ — Payne, Rostand, Wild
Thyme.
Fourth Race — Hurstbourne,
Charles Elwood, River Pirate.
Fifth. Race^ — Revelation, Game-
Stress, Redman.
Sixth Race— Payne, Charles El
wood, Leader.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
Blxlh race", one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap three-year-olds— Shorthose 120. Charlea El
woofl 117, Duke of Kendall 113. Leader 10S.
"Sheriff Bell 107. Sir Voorhles 106, Payne 106,
Stroller 85, Sir 'Troubadour 95, Colotuay 9tf.
Fifth race, about six furlomre, maiden two
year-olds, celling— Miss Melton 109, Virginia
K 109. Gamestre?* 109. Fla« Officer 112, illss
* Ehylock 103. Dutiful U2. Telephone 112. Emer
gency 109 Revelation 104, French Matron 104,
Hands Up 112. Donnelly 107, Dukedom 10t».
Redman 104. Russell £a«e 104. \
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, the
Occidental handicap — Caughnaw£«a 114. Hunj
ter Raine 110. Andy William* 10S. Charles El
wood 105. Lux Csta. 107, Duke of Kendall 102,
Hurctbourtse 100. Kiver Pirate 100, Himself 1»5,
Warranted 90, Sheriff Bell 93. Girdle 95.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, the
Pea Rreeie, three-yoar-oldE. selling: — Gold Bell
ION. Wild Thyme 108, Stroller IOK. Daley Giwn
ins Ella Snyder »fi. Payne 110, Sheriff Bell
113 Orloff m. Rostand 101.
NEW TOHK. Sept. 21.— Gravesend entries:
First race, about six furlonice, nelllnK—Prin
ross Tu'.ane 99. Neither One »8. Queen Ellza
b»th H>4. Moncffraph 103. Demurrer 111, The
ljocyp iK; Klr.« Pepper 110, Counterpoise 99,
Locket 101. Lipton $K», Lord of the Manor 103.
Little Jack Homer 102. Alabarch 103, Trinity
Bell 103. Jul'a Junkln VS. Lass o' Linden 10S.
Van NtFs 1«>4. Tounp Henry 113, Tim D Jr
ten Caterpillar 08.
Second race, about fix furlonps. handicap,
two-year-old*—— St. Valentine 119. Armt-nia. 115.
K<1 Tteraey-113, Panlque 115. Tim Payne 110.
Hobadil 110, Topic 10S. Ma_«&*do 103. Bryn
Mawr 105, Reveille 99, Pompano 97, Blythenesi
$15. Eimhrata 100.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. !
First Race — Myron Dale, Oudon, !
Go Between.
Second Race— Ancke, Orfeo, Red
Raven. :
Third Race — Hargis, Proceeds,
Warte Nicht.
Fourth Race— Carat, Bard of Avon, j
Frank M.
Fifth Race — Cascine, Don Domo,
Sweetie. /
Sixth Race — Wainamoinen, Brush
By, Birchbroom.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, six furlonss— Don Domo 117. Ed
ward Hale 103. Irish Swede 105, Calcine 105
The Hebrew 105. Sweetie 102 Katie Powers
102, Apollinaris 102, Cognomen 102.
Sixth race, one mile — Waincmolnen 109
Lemco 99. Brush By 99, Birch Broom »9,
Banana Cream 1)9.
CHICAGO. Sept. 21.— Hawthorne entries:
First race, five furlonirs. selling— Foresight
100, Touchstone 106, Rrqulmis 100. Instrument
100. Scl Smith 106, Go Between 1(4, Myron
Dale 104, LawndaJe 10.1, Kugenle B 103, Toka
lon 103, Apple 101. Oudon 101, Shaltan 103
Miss Mollie US. Hoceo 98.
Second race, six furlongs— Xervator 112, Red
Raven 109, Ancke 109, Orfeo 109. Aho)a 109.
Third race, one mile, handicap — Dr Stephens
108. Harsris 105. Warte Xicht 103, Louisville
IKi. Bard Burns 04. Proceeds 94.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles sell
lne—Carat 102, Ivernia 101. Leenja 101, Anto.
lee 101. Omdnrman W, Bard of Avon 96, Frank
M 98, Dutch Carter 90, Frivol 9G.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
TROOPER DAVIS FINISHES
FIRST IN THE TEST RIDE
Covers the Distance From Oklahoma
to West Point in Thirty-
Nine Days.
NEWBURG, N. Y., Sept 21.— Trooper
Davis of the Eighth United States Cav
alry has reached West Point, being the
first of a detachment of twelve troopers
who started from Oklahoma thirty-nine
days ago on a test ride of 2000 miles. Th£
men were allowed to eat and sleep when
they pleased, relays of horses being pro
vided every thirty miles, the object of th»
ride being to cover the distance In the
shortest possible time.
Davis, being the lightest man of the
party, led his comrades. at the start and
thus had the advantage of getting tha
pick of mounts at the relay stations. He
rode up the east bank of the Hudson as
far .as Garrison, where his horse gave out.
The ferry having stopped running, he re
ported his arrival by signaling across the
river to West Point. Then he came on to
this city, thence proceeded to his destina
tion. Davis weighed 137 pounds when he
started and now weighs but 108 pounds.
He was very tired, but happy to think ha
had broken the record for the distar.cn,
which is forty-five days. The ride is on»
of several taken to test the stamina of
men and horses, made at the suggestion
of General Young, the new chief of staff.
GALVESTON, Tex., Sept. 2t. — The conveyer
of the Southern Pacific grain elevator. 500 feet
lonfr, was destroyed by fire- to-day, together
with a part of the wharf.
EUREKA, Sept. 21.— Charges made by
the Evening Herald accusing J. F.
Thompson, receiver of the local Land Of
fice, of misconduct in office, and his sons
in-law W. N. Speegle, business manager
of the' Standard, and W. E. Powell, a
music teacher, of false swearing in prov
ing up homestead claims resulted to-day
In the arrest of W. H. M. Smith and F.
C. Parker, proprietors of the Herald, on
a charge of -criminal libel preferred by
Thompson and Powell.
An article published by the Times, the
morning paper, part of which was taken
from the Herald, caused Thompson to
bring suit in the Superior Court for JoO.OOO
damages for alleced libel.
Notwithstanding the arrests, the Herald
this evening came out with an article
charging the receiver and the Land Office
with obtaining extortionate fees for cer
tain services and giving alleged instances.
Action Is Taken in Eureka by Offi
cials of. the Government.
LAND OFFICE RECEIVER
CAUSES SOME ARRESTS
By the New Tork Telegraph.
First Race^ — First One, Aransas
Pass, Quicksilver Sue.
Second Race^ — Port Warden, Tur
rando, Lampadrome.
Third Race— Sting, The Four Hun
dred, Certain.
Fourth Race— Dynasty, Gus Lanka,
Spenserian.
Fifth Race — Atlas, Allegrette,
Frank Collins.
Sixth Race— The Bobby, Branch,
El Caney.
fourth race, seven furlongs, selling — Bessie
B S5. StrasrBler 100, Leech »3, Gus Lanka 108,
Nearest 10!>. Sally Lum 85. Temptress 103,
Spencerian 85, Helen Print 114, Dynasty 109.
Fifth race, five andjblialf furlongs, selling —
Jessie Weller 100, Matt Wadleieh 100, Black
5)5, Soufriere 100. Lady Free Knight 100. Ocy
rohe 104. Allegrette 100, Thunderatlon 98.
l^emon Girl 100. Flrbane 103, Our LilHe 05
Tressellan 103. Frank Collins 103, Atlas 100.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Cautious St3, El Caney 100. Little lyils 92, The
Bobby 102, Jena »2, Welsh Girl 108, Charles
D »7, Eliza Dillon 92, Branch 100.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Called Back 102. Gillesple 110, La Rouge 107
Alalla 107. Certain 107, Also Ran II 102. Maple
102, John Horton 107. Pepper Dick 107 Wln
nebejour 107, Cotton Plant 107, 3tlng 107, The
Four Hundred 107.
Second race, six furlongs, purso — Ponchar
traln 103, Little Pirate 100. Capitol 103, Cay
bon 103. Arlo 106, Judse Denton 100, Lampa
drome 100, Tom Olney 106, Turrando 100,
Ryevale 10.1. Port Warden 106
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 21.— Delmar entries:
First race, six and a half furlo'njrf. selling —
First One 102, Amentum 102, NMlgar 107, Pll^
aster 107. Emily Oliver 107. Ben Brainard 107
Donna Bella 102. Aransas 102. Roberta G 102!
Palmua 107. Quicksilver Sue 102, Boyce Arnold
107, Belle Slmoson 107
DELMAR ENTRIES.
George "W. Theobald, the mail robber
captured by Postiffice Inspector James
O'Connell, waived examination yesterday
morning in United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock's court- and was held to
answer to the charge.
Theobald is a former convict and went
under the aliases of George W. Raymond,
George W. Ramon and Charles I*. Shaw.
For several weeks prior to his arrest he
operated in the business dlstriqt of this
city stealing packages left on top of
the newspaper and package mail boxes
on the streets. He also pulled packages
out of these boxes when the boxes were
crammed and the ends of the packages
were left sticking out of the slot. What
ever was merchantable in the packages
he disposed of in exchange for cigars and
meals. The stamps taken off the pack
ages he sold at half price, but only in
small Quantities in each place.
The prisoner has been a criminal all
his life. He was committed to the San
Francisco Industrial School in 1871, when
he was 17 years of age. He was next
sent to San Quentin penitentiary for. two
and a half years for grand larceny in
Alameda County. After his release he
was caught stealing books from the edi
torial rooms of 'a newspaper In this city
and served six months In the County Jail.
Then he went to the Almshouse as an
Inmate, and while there was convicted
of stealing books and received a sentence
of six months. His latest conviction was
one of six months for stealing brass signs
from doorways. He was released on Au
gust 31 and on September 1 he began rob
bing the mails.
Aged Criminal Theobald
Held for Robbing
the Mails.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. Cl.— The
habeas corpus proceedings in the District
Court to-day In the cases of military
prisoners in confinement at Camp Golden
had all the spectacular settings of mili
tary display. At the morning session
Judge Seeds absolutely refused to listen
to any argument In the i^jsence of the
prisoners and an adjournment was taken
nzttU 2 p. m. Previous to that a heavy
guard of troops was placed around the
building containing the courtrooms, and
at 1:30 the four prisoners for whom writs
had been issued were brought in under
guard.
When court convened Lieutenant Mc-
Clelland read a supplementary return to
the writ of habeas corpus. In this he
claimed the first jurisdiction of the Dis
trict Court over the military prisoners,
saying that General Chase wa3 in full au
thority, by virtue of the executive order
of Governor Peabody and had absolute
authority in the situation by the right
which Governor Peabody gave him when
he ordered the troops to the district.
Attorneys for the prisoner related the
substance of their petition. Attorney Mur
phy said the four prisoners held were
citizens of the United States and were
being illegally detained without warrant.
Lieutenant McClelland, acting advocate
general, replied. He read from the Penn
sylvania Supreme Court decisions In the
case of Private Wescott, who shot and
killed a striker and was acquitted of; the
charge of murder, saying: "Our eve
rests practically on that Supreme Court
decision."
Attorney Murphy then addressed the
court and cited the decision of the Su
preme Court of Colorado that was handed
down against Governor Walte when he
called troops to the city of Denver to
oust the city officials. The court then
took a recess until to-morrow morning.
The troops returned to Camp Goldfield
with the prisoners.
Military Prisoners at Camp Golden
Seek to Regain Freedom.
PETITION FOR RELEASE.
3MITH CENTER. Kan., Sept. 21.—Peo
ple throughout this section of the State
are in terror over the acts of Thomas
Madison, charged with the triple murder
committed in this county last week. Mad
ison has successfully eluded both officers
and bloodhounds thus far, b«t It is
thought that he Is somewhere in the vi
cinity of Cowles, Neb., about fifteen miles
from the Kansas line. Word received here
to-day says Madison Is armed with two
revolvers and plenty of ammunition and
that he had held up a number of people,
threatening to shoot them if they told of
his presence in the country. He entered
a farm house near Cowles and forced the
woman to give him a meal. He has
stolen a team of horses and seems
to be thoroughly. at home in the neigh
borhood. Officers expect to capture
Madison within a few hours, as they say
he has only temporarily eluded them.
and Bloodhounds.
Thomas Madison, "Wanted for Triple
Murder, Eludes the Officers
DESPERAIX) TEBBOBIZES
A SECTION OF KANSAS
Police Officer J. Barrett of the China
town squad had a desperate battle with,
two Chinese and two white men in a
gambling joint in Chinatown last night.
The assailants pinioned the policeman's
wrist between a door and the casing anil
while he was thus handicapped beat him
severely. After releasing himself he final
ly beat the men into submission and ar
rested them, though his wris: was badly
hurt by the door.
Barrett learned that a lottery joint was
running at 604 Jackson street. He went
to the place and on opening the door dis
covered the two Chinese, Lou Kong and
How Wah. and two white men, John
Larsen and Albert Duncan, in the place
marking tickets. He was about to placa
all the party under arrest, when the white
men attacked him and, crowding him. to
the door, succeeded in catching him by
the wrist and holding him there. Th»
officer, almost helpless, fought aa best ha
could, but the two heathens held the door
while Larsen and Duncan administered
the beatinz. Chairs, sticks and fists
rained on the policeman's head, while all
he could do was to kick and struggle to
free himself with one hand.
When Barrett did release himself h»
drew his club and started for the occu
pants of the joint. The four gamblers
continued to fight. Barrett was obliged
to beat them Into submission before they
consented to arrest, and then he brought
them all, manacled, to the City Prison,
where they were locked up.
Manager Alec Greggaina of the San
Francisco Athletic Club has changed his
mind about matching Gus Ruhlln and Joe
Millet for next month. He is now nego
tiating with Jimmy JBritt and "Billy" Sie
ger to battle twenty rounds next month.
Last night "Billy" Britt, who represents
the local lightweight, and "Billy" Roach,
the astute manager and trainer of the
New York boxer, met in Greggains' club
rooms and talked fight. Greggains is will
ing to give the pair a battle and If a
few preliminary arrangements can be
made the card next month will be Britt
and Sieger. This will be a battle well
worth seeing. Sieger recently gave Rufe
Turner, the colored lightweight of Stock
ton, a trouncing In Portland. He has also
fought draws with Joe Gans. Sieger has
a splendid record, and it Is thought he
will be just the man to give Britt a hard
fight.
Special boxlnsr matches will b© held at
the Olympic Club next Thursday evening.
Leader John J. Gleason has arranged a
splendid card. None but members will be
admitted to the club house.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «; Fin.
1 to 2 — Rockaway, 113 (Otis) 3 3 1 1 H
12 to 1 — Aggie Lewls,107 (Wond'ly) 2 4 2 2
9 to 2— Allista. 107 (Buchanan)... 4 1 3 nk
Time, 1 :08 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Burns & Waterhouse'8 ch. c. by Altamax-
Reereatlon. Trompeuse 107, Mayor David S.
Rose 110, Coroner Kelly 110, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth mlles^
sellinc:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. K Fin.
3 to 1— Airtight, 89 (Wilson) 7 3 11
1» to 1— CVHagen. 07 (Spencer) 1 1 2 h
3 to 2— Our Bessie, 93 (Phillips).. 2 5 3 2
Time, 1 :i5 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Inner. S. S. Brown's b. T. by Lamplighter-
Sunbeam. Fading Light 02, Dodie S t)7, Ida
W 1C2, Charlie Grainger 102, also ran
FO-RTH RACE— Six furlongs, purse: '
Petting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
<> to ."> — Auditor, !»2 (Robbins) /I 1 Ink
'J. to 1 — Toah. 114 (Buchanan)*. .. 2 2 2 3
11 to 1— Callant. 114 (H. Phillips) 4 3 3 H
Time, 1.14 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
«_ inner. S. S. Brown's b. c. by Esher-Alcestis.
L t-trenne 114, Toledo U2, Determination hi,
Elwood 02, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile. September handicap:
Petting. Home. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
< to 1 — LuraMghtcr. 107 (Stille)... 1 i. 1 1U
!» to 1— The Don, 107 (Wonderly) 2 1 2 1'j
12 to 1— Lady Jocelyn,lC4 (Bonner) 3 5 3 n
lime. 1:41. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Davis & Co.'s b. f. by Lamplighter-
Laura F. McGee 118. Monsieur Beaucaire 108
Linguist 11:2. Postmaster Wright 112, Lendin
11". Judge Himes 12S, First Chip 100, also ran
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase, short course,
handicap: *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
!> to .V- Galba. 135 (Hueston) fi 3 1 1
4 to 1 — Paulaker. 13S (Seaton) 112 2
U in r> — Falella. 142 (C Johnson).. :i 2 3 20
lime, :::00 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
\\ inner, K. Corrigan'w b. c. by Ma.1or Rich
ards-Miss Preston. Snowdrift 13:;, also ran.
Mrs. Orannan, 140, threw rider.
CHICAGO, Sept. 21.— J. F. Davis and
Company's LuraJighter, ridden by Jo«key
Stllle and closing at 7" to 1, won the Sep
tember, handicap in a canter at Haw
thorne to-day. The Don, was second ana
Lady Jocelyn third. All three were long
shots and not one was given more than
an outside chance. .Corrigan's McGee,
which won a fluke race ' on Saturday,
went to the post favorite at 3 to 1, backed
from 4, with Fred Cook's pair. Linguist
and Lendin, second choice at 1G to 5. The
Don rushed to front down the back
stretch and led Luralighter by nearly
three lengths to the head of the stretch.
Then Stllle gave the Davis filly her head
and she went to the front, winning in
a canter by a length and a half. .
Four favorites, a second choice -and an
outsider captured the money to-day. The
track was fast but not at Its- best; the
weather clear and hot. One of the best
-rrowds of the meeting was in attendance.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1(1 — Best Man, Kill (Buchan'n) 5 3 11
-.> to 1— Rabunta, 109 (Ferrell)... 3 4 2 1
30 to 1— J.J.Ccrbett,112 (Wond'ly) 113 2
Time. 1:15. btart good. Won easily. Win
ner. L. lieifTs b, g. by Florist-Efne C. Ledus
U*. Fingal 109. Somersault 104, Propeller 10l>,
Moranda 109, Captain Ilamon 1U9, Lute 101»,
First Past 112. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAD IN SINCE
HIS CHILDHOOD
NEW YORK, Sept. 21.— "Jim" Corbett
is ready to make a match with -Bob"
Fitzsimmons at a moment's notice. AH
that is necessary now is Fitzsimmons'
consent to fight, and the match is certain
to be arranged. Corbett reached this city
to-day from Chicago and relieved himself
of that remark immediately on stepping
from the train.
"There's one man I want to meet," he
said, "and that is Fitzsimmons. I will
light him within a year. I would on short
notice, but I want time to get over the
awful beating Jeffries gave me in our
fight last month. For four years I chafed
Fitzsimmons for a fight. I nsver got It.
When he saw me a helplessly beaten man
in the ring after Jeffries got through with
me ho wanted to arrange a match with
me right away. He knew I could stand
little punishment In a bout even six
months later. He figured I would be a
mark for him. That was the only time he
ever expressed a desire to fight me. But
he will be forced to do so and within a
year we will have it out. I am in the
game yet and don't intend to retire until
after I meet Fitzsimmons."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIXTH RACE — Abo-jt fix furlongs; handicap;
S-yesr-olds;
Betting. Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
fito2 — Msmie Worth. 10C fBurns) 3 111
-T to 1— High Chancellor. 113 (O'XI) 14 2 3
4n to 1— Invincible, 104 (Wilkerson). 7 7 3 2
Time. 1 :09 4-.Y Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, J. Worth's ch. f. by St. George-Ethel
Thomas. Pansienne lf>4. Illyria 92. Mary Street
92, Girdle 105, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
r«i!injt:
letting. Horw, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to T< — Embarrassment. 94 <H!gns) 3 115
4 til— M. Richardson, lf»7 (Hicks) 2 3 2 1!4
2(i to 1— Stonewall, 105 (Michael?).. 7 4 3 2
Time. l:S31-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. N. Bfnnington's ch. c. by Knight of
KMrrplir-Flash In the Pan. Thorneycroft 105.
Highlander 10C. Harrison 100. Khltai 1CS, The
Rival 103. Royal Pirate 92, also ran.
Time. 1 :O7 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Miss T. W. Llttleneld'e br. f. by Ga
lore-M'-rriness. Shortcake »4. Thistle Heather
Itm. Pirouette 94. Sliver Dream 103, Fine Art
1<*|. Handsome Florry 99, also ran.
FOURTH 7IACE— Five and a half furlongs;
the Alljemarle stakes; 2-year-cld Cllies:
Betting. Horfte. Weight. Jockey. St.^i-Fin.
S to 1— Funny Sid<\ 105 (Burns)... 3' 3 1 1>4
stoS — Flammula. 104 (Fuller) 1 1 2h
2 to 1— L*tola. :»9 (Higgins) 2 2 3 2
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap for mares of all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. a i Fin.
S to 1 — Starr.» Ground. 107 <H'.gns) 2 111
13 to 5— Eugenia Burch. 113 (Fulr) 3 2 2h
7 to l—MoIlie Grant. 10S (Redfern) 6 5 3 8
Time. 1:46^3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. F. R. Doctor's br. f. by Lampiig-hter-
Elise. Ascension OS, Ada Nay 109. Elsie L 93.
Lux Ca«a 116. Ague* IJ 95, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase handicap,
( ir at two and a half miles: 3-year-olds,and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. : \ Fin.
4 to 1 — liorough. 147 (Donahue) 9 ft 1 3
20 to 1 — Baron Pepper, 133 <Heider) 6 7 2 8
12 to 1— Rag. Cavalier. 14S (Laffel) 8 2 3 3
Time, r.:U7 1-5. Start *ood. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. Widener's b. g. by Bramble
6f-XDpcr Cara. Self J'roteclion US, Tankard 160.
t-'ll\er Twtet 13t». Manilian 134, Step Liehtly
Hfl. Gatcar 130, Faranlass 13T>, Cephalalgia 14O.
t-.tr ran.
Xot much of a complimentary nature
can be said, of the steeplechase. Tank
ard performed so badly that many could
not account for it until they saw him pull
up very lame. Step lightly landed bad
ly, ar.d, in endeavoring to pull him to
gether, Ray fell off. Cephalalgia refused
at the first jump; Faranlass fell at the
second and Gasear at the fifth. Manilian,
which at one time had a long lead, fell
at the last jump. Joseph E. Widener's
Borough came on an easy winner in slow
time. He had Jumped badly repeatedly.
Baron Pepper was second and The Ragged
Cavalier third. Summary:
FIRST RACE — About, six furlongi; 2-year
old*:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
«; to 1— St. Valentine, 106 (Fuller) 5 3 1 1>4
4 lo 1 — Mineola, 10C (Redfernj X 2 2 h
to to 1 — Sals. lOa (Higgins) -\ 4 lh
Time, 1:10 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. E. II. Thomas' b. c. by Himyar-Brace
leu The Minute Man 1J0, Harangue 115, Ad
riutha 97, IJatts 115, llaifler U7, also ran.
GRAVESEND. Sept. 2L — "Tommy"
Eurns rode two winners in one day, the
llrst time in many weeks. On Funny Side,
after L*tola and Flamjnula Wad raced
with each other so fast that they tired,
Burns came aiong in the last half fur
ling and she won under clever hand-rid
ing. Burns' other winning mount was on
Mamie Worth, which was the victim of
tome very rough riding when she last
ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The first bullseye in the morning was
made by A. Rahwyler; last bullseye in the
morning, A. Strecker; first bullseye In the
afternoon. Max Kolander. The first
twenty-five ring shot was made by C.
Zimmerman and the second by J. Gruhler
of Sacramento.
Among the scores made on the honorary
target were the following: ,
C. M_. Henderson 71, A. Gehret 71, A. Ber
telsen 01, M. Kolander GO, O. Burmelster 05.
O. A. Bremer 70. F. Reide 61, J. Utschlg 68,
H. Dlehl CO. L. Slebe 63. W. GUndemann 70,
G. Ilit-chmuller CS, II. Knge 67, A Pape 72,
F. Mason 72. A. Rahwyler 70, C. Meyer «7.
F. II. Bremer 04. A. Strecker 72. F. P Schus
ter 71. J. Myer 70. M. Blasse 70, M F. Mal
avoa 70, F. A. Kuhls 6!), L. Rltzau C6, A.
Studer 06. E. Schmld C5 E. Woenne CO J.
Gruhler 71. W. Blasee 67. N. Ahrens 71.' F.
Werlen &S. T. J. Carroll 64. L. Thierbach 59,
A. Beuss 6S. P. Jacoby 03, A. Jungblut 64,
Rlsehmuller 73.
The scores on%the members' target fol
low:
H. Kuhls 61, P. Brunotte- 61. J. Kuhlmann
4C, F. Werlen 61. L. Thierbach 58. E. Woenne
38. C. Mayrhofer GO. J. C. Waller 59, F. J.
Povey 56. L. C. Babin 55, C. Sagehorn 13. G.
Orsl 54. C. Ol'Jag 4;j, A. Reubold 51). G. H.
Bahrs 52. F. Suter 54. J. E. Klein 51. A. von
Wyl 55. F. A. Kuhls «27"H. Soehleman 48. J.
Gassner 51. E. Ladd 54, H. Stettin 25, L.
Bendel 51, H. Scheunert 54. E. Englander 50,
Adam Brehm 36; P. E. Mason 65. F. P.
Schuster 60. C. Meyer 6!), F. Levers 27, F. II.
Bremer (cadet) 62 L. Ritzau 4!», H. Ladd (ca
det) 46. William Nolden 47. C. F. Thierbach
55. A. Bertelsen 38. M. Kolander 69. O. Bur
melster 40, P. Jacoby 41, Otto Bremer 65, R.
Stettin* 5a M. A. Breuss 57, M. F. Blasse 60.
A. L. Ott 55, C. von Hartwlg 40, F. C. Hage
rup 50, Fred Brandt 64. George Tammeyer 58,
M Reubold 38. C. Zlmmermann 53, J. Horst
mann 29 A. Strecker CO. W. F. BIas3e 65, Ed
EnglHfider 50, F. Rlede 56, William Barber
(cadet) 8 A. Rahwyler 54, H. Hacke 3::, H.
DieM 43 J. L. Utschig 62. C. M. Henderson
61 William Schwarke 48, William Glindemann
Ct>! August Jungblut 33. T. J. Carroll 54, Al
Gehret C3. G. Rischmuller 59.
Bullseye winners in their order: 1, F. - E.
Mason, 20 points; ", Jacob Myer of Sacramento,
53; 3, C. M. Henderson, 70: 4, Jacob Gruhle-,
114; 5, Fred Baumgartncr, 11U; 6, George
RUchmiller, 120; 7, Charles Thierbach, 157; 8,
H. Bornhold, 107; 9, A. C. Gehret, 174; 10, D.
B. Faktor, 178; 11. William Ehrenpfort, 187;
12, Phllo Jacoby. 108; 13, Fred Brandt, 230; 14.
O. A. Bremer, 241; 1"», A. Stecker, 250; 10, F.
P. Schuster, 279; 17. A. Pape, 284; IS, Herman
Huber, 2.N'.»; 19, Max Kolander, 294; 20, N.
Ahrens, 302; 21. Frank Riede, 327;. 22, F. JV'er
len. 331; 23, V. A. Kuhls, 3C3: 24. A. Ber#lsen,
370; 25. George H. Bahrs. 374; 2U, D. W. Me-
Laughlln, ."95; 27. M. Malavos, 436; 28, L. J.
Roubold, 450: 29. M. F. Blasse. 455; 30, George
Tammeyer. 4."W; 31. L. Bendel, 4t»: 32. T. J.
Carroll, 472: 33, J. Gefken. 5:14: .14, T. Simmen,
534- 35 A. Studer, 540; 3t5, O. Burmeister, 562;
37 H.' Scheunert. 5S0; 38. M. A. Breuss, 585;
39 C. Meyer, (J02; 40, Fred Attlnger, 603.
The success of the festival is largely
due to the efforts of Philo Jacoby and
John C. Waller, who had the affair In
charge and took care of the visiting
marksmen from different parts of the
State. Marksmen from outside this city
did very well, especially J. Myer and Ja
cob Gruh'.er of Sacramento and M. Mala
vos of San Jose.
During the afternoon the interest cen
tered on the members' target. This is the
most difficult target on which to make a
high score, as only one entry la allowed.
When, the festival was drawing to a close
and F. E. Mason, F. P. Schuster, Otto
Bremer and other champions had placed
high scores to their credit, the partici
pants were surprised to see Max Ko
la nder,. one of the youngest of marks
men, step in and wrest the trophy away
with the excellent score of 69 rings.
The result of the two days' contest is
that A. Strecker is king, George Risch
muller Sr. is the highest man on. the
honorary target, Max Kolander leads all
the comrades of his club on the members'
target and Frank E. Mason made the best
center of the festival with one of the clos
est bullseyes ever made, being but .50 of
inch from a true center. O. Samuels was
the lucky shot among the press members,
making 65 rings.
The fall festival shooting of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club at Schuetzen Park
was one of the most successful ever held
under the auspices of the club. Yesterday
was the final day of the two Gays' con
test and the champions of the rifle had
done excellent work and were anxiously
watching every shot that was fired. The
scores were all very close and as tho
shooting proceeded the interest became
intense. A. Strecker, F, E. Mason, F. P.
Schuster, A. Pape, N. Ahrens and other
participants had all made high scores and
were expected to carry off the laurels of
the day. The astonishment was great
when George Rischmuller stepped in Just
before the targets went down and made
73 rings out of a possible 75, winning from
the next highest Inan by one ring.
SIXTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
puree :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
3 to 5^-Flrst Mason. 107 (Sheehan) 2 112
5 to 2 — Flintlock. 104 (Shea) 12 2 4
10 to 1 — Golden Glitter, 104(Wckt) 4 3 3 10
Time, 1:45%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Oots Bros.' ch. c. by First Mate-Manols.
Mason. Bummer II 1C5 also ran
FIFTH RACK-One mile; selling:
Betting. Horso. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to fl — Montana PeareF<=. 05 (Shea) 3 115
2 to 1— Revenue Dare, 1(X> (Calvitt) 12 2 2
5 to 1— Varna For.so, 85 (Perkins). 2 4 3 nk
Time. 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. J. W. Coffey's b. I. by Montana-
Mary Peeress. Landcla ICO, After the Ball 00,
Badger 103. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to o — Frank Bell. 114 (Shea) 2 1 1 Vj
5 to 1 — Stand l'at. ICO (Calvitt)... 1 3 2 nk
;{ to 1— Forehand. (KS (McKInney).. 4 4 3 2
Time, l:mj. Start goon. Won driving.
Winner. J. W. O'Neall's b. g. by Big Henry-
Flora Leach. 'Hl!ee 114 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
• r » to 2— Lord Hermence, 108 (Smith) 1 1 1 nk
7 to fi — Wreath of Ivy. 105 (Scully) 3 2 2 12
7 to 2 — Town Moor. 100 (Sheehan). 1 4 3 nk
Time, 1:23)4; Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. Daniels & Co.'s b c by Her
mence-Biddy Doyle. Hugh McGowan 100 also
ran.
a
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling::
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Harry Griffith. 102 (Shea). 2 113
4 to 5 — My Surprise, 107 (Sheehan) :•, 2 2 Va
11 to 1— Stub, 107 (Wallace) 5 3 3 3
Time, 1:10%; Start good. Won easily. Win.
ner, J. K. Hughes' b. g. by The Heor-N'ola D.
Model Monarch 110. Tab«llarius 107. IJttle
Corker 107. CrutchflcM 110. Hemlock 107, Ksca
n;iba 107, also ran; Kurallst 107 felL
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 21.— Probably the best
race at *fc>elmar Park to-day was the
fourth, a six furlongs sprint. It was won
by Frank' Bell, the favorite at 7 to 5,
after a hard drive with Stand Pat. The
track was fast, the weather clear and the
attendance good. . Summary:
FIRST HACK — Six furlongs; purse:
BeutnK. Horse, M'eight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 1— Ixira J, IOC (Sheehan) 6 111
1H to 0 — Xel. Cromwell, US <G«orge) 8 3 i. 1 2
15 to 1 — Philllda, US <Haye8) 2 5 3 8
' Time. 1:0;!^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, If. 11. Jones' b. r. bj> G. W. Johnson-Tagr
llonl. Edna Oaniels »S, Ache 1(KI, Pilgrim Girl
100, True Uirl 10«>, AVooisey Welnerd »8, Mon
Chere »8, Zama lOti. Always Faithful 102, Fond
Memory OS, also ran
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Strecker Is King and Risch
muller Highest on Hon
orary Target.
Arrested.
Two Whites and Two Heath
en Make Resistance When
Montana Peeress Scores an
Easy Victory in Mile
Selling Race.
Oordell and Angeli to Fight
at the Reliance Club
To-Night.
Asks for Time in Which to
. Recover From Jeffries'
Lov8 Taps.
Four Favorites and a Second
Choice Among Winners
of Brackets.
Series of Mishaps to the
Jumpers Starting in a •
Steeplechase.
Prank Bell Captures
Sprint at Delmar
Track.
Festival of California
Club Comes to Suc
cessful End. -
Mare Canters Home in
September Stakes at
Hawthorne. \ ¦
Rides Two Winners at
the Gravesend
Track.
Ready to Articles
! With His Old-Time
Rival.
Patrolman Barrett Ha3
Battle in % a Chinese
Gambling Dan.
Manager Greggains Try
ing to Match the
CORBETT WANTS
TO FIGHT FITZ
HOLLOW VICTORY
FOR LURALIGHTER
JOCKEY BURNS
COMES TO LIFE
FAVORITE FIRST
IN STAR EVENT
KOLANDER WINS
MEMBERS' SROOT
FIERCE ATTACK
ON POLICEMAN
BRITT MAY MEET
"BILLY" SIEGER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
BUFFALO, "N..; Y., Sept. 21.— Michael
Grotty, who , was shot by his father-in-law,
James Hears yesterday, died to-day. Mears
shot ana killed himself immediately after
ahnntLna Cmtlv.
MOZAMBIQUE, East Africa, Sept. 21.—
An explosion of gunpowder and grenades
has occurred at Fort Sao Bastlano. Many
persons were killed and Injured. The fort
was badly wrecked. Further explosions
are feared. ¦: ¦ . ¦ - .
8
Germ Infected Air. Mm
Malaria is not confined exclusively to the swamps vV^M.
and marshy regions of the country, but wherever there is £$m&l
bad air; this insidious foe to health is found. Poisonous
vapors and gases from sewers, and the musty air of damp
cellars are laden with the germs of this miserable disease, f Sfo 1 1
which are breathed into the lungs and taken up by the llfv^i
biood and transmitted to every part. of the body. Then /t"'tV ; i
you begin to feel out of sorts without ever suspecting the wj« W
cause. No energy or appetite, dull headaches, sleepy and BS1
tired and completely fagged out from the slightest exer- KfjS |j,
tion, are some of the deplorable effects of this enfeebling Hfo|
malady. As the disease progresses and the blood becomes
more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or -N
yellow spots appear upon the skin. When the poison is
left to ferment and -the microbes and germs to multiply in \-XN — -
the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and other serious complications often
arise.* As Malaria begins and develops in the blood, the treatment to be
S-^. effective must, begin there too. S. S. S. destroys
n^M aC^ *^ e S^nns and poisons and purifies the polluted
>^N V^^ blood, and under its tonic effect the debilitated
K*3J constitution rapidly recuperates and the system is
V"^ soon clear of all signs of this depressing disease.
S. S. S. is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, mild, pleasant and
harmless. Write us if you want medical advice or any special informa-
tion about your case. This will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm]
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
* ¦• • ••vi^HT,^' 'JZ'JZSr f-nMt* «*»»"WELL KNOWN WOMAN OF
OAKJ1AND WHO WILL WED
VETERAN DETECTIVE.
CALIFORNIA PROFESSOR WHO
RETURNS WITH RAREARCH
AEOLOGICAL COLLECTION.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— Mrs. Carrie Nation
to-day deeded over certain valuable property
to a charitable organization In Kansas. She
is now wrltlris a play In which she will ap
pear herself u the "Defender of Homes" and
advocate total abstinence.
Death of a Michigan Journalist.
JACKSON, Mich., Sept. a.— Colonel C.
V. Deland, one of the oldest and best
known newspaper men in the State, died
at hla residence here early to-day after a
long illness. . Colonel Deland served
through the Civil War and was made a
general of the United States volunteers In
1865 for bravery and meritorious services.
Missing Boy Located.
OAKLAND, Sept. a.— Frank Powers
the 16-year r old son of Mrs. L. m. Betan
cue, who ran away from home on Au
gust 16, was found at Pleasanton about a
week ago by his brother, George. He Is
working In the hopflelds and says he in
tends to remain until the hop-picking sea
son is over, as he is making more money
there than he ccAild in Oakland,
End* Life "With a Bullet.
"NEW YORK, Sept. 2L-James D. Kll
patrlck of Beatrice, Nebr., committed sui
cide here to-day by shooting. He had
been in New York since July and- was a
member of the firm of Kilpatrick Bros.
& Co. and a director of the New York
Exporting and Importing Company.
CAMPERS HAVE FIGHT
WITH A BIO DEVILFISH
. TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 2L— A fight with
a big devilfish is reported by a party of
campers who left McKims Camp on Van
couver Island yesterday morning to hunt
crabs with spears. A party of six. Includ
ing two young women, were attacked by
the octopus * when a mile off shore. The
boat was in eight feet of water. Dlcken
sen, a member of the party, assumed the
offensive by striking the devilfish with a
spear between its eyes. '
A severe fight followed, during which
the octopus threw his feelers around a
body of kelp and vigorously endeavored
to overturn the boat. Two of Its tentacles
were thrown over the gunwale, while with
a third it struck at an occupant of the
boatrrBy hard work the boat was slowly
pulled away from the kelp bed into 'more
shallow water. Later the devilfish. was
killed. It was sixteen feet from tip to tip
and weighed 200 pounds, • ... _
DUKE OF MANCHESTER
BUTS EYLEMOBE CASTLE
Becomes the Owner of One of tho
Most Picturesque Estates In
Ireland.
LONDON, Sept. 21.— The Duke of Man
chester, who married In 1900 Helen, daugh
ter of Eugene Zimmerman of Cincinnati,
has purchased for $315,000 Kylembre Castle
and estate, comprising 13,000 . acres, situ
ated on Lousrh Kylemore, Connemara.
The place formerly belonged. to the late
Mitchell Henry, M. P., who built the cas
tle, which Is one of the noblest and most
romantically situated - residences - in Ire
land. It haa often been assigned by ru
mor as a probable royal residence. It la
estimated Henry spent $2,000,000 in build
ing tbe castle and Improving the estate.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2L— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day:-"W. A. Richardson,
42 years old, and M. E.. McRice,* 23, both
of San Francisco; J. Harry Blohme, 25,
Washington, D. C, and Tlllie Rlchter, 23,
Oakland; Leon Cook, 28, and Kate Kear
ney, 23, both of San Francisco; Charles
F. Hell, over a. Los Angeles, and Helen
J. Backus, over 18. Oakland ;' Manuel Lew r
is, 37, and Belle Bettencourt, 36, both of
Haywards; Manuel ¦ Lewis, 26, and Annie
Sllva, 19, both of- Oakland; Walter S.
Cheeney, 27, and Marie C. Ousten, 2i, both
of Ban Francisco; John H. Helmsteln.
over a, Alameda, and Florence E. Dunn,
over 18, Newark; Bay E. Gilson, 30, and
Harrie E. Borland, 27, both of Oakland;
Frank Stoddard, 34, and Elizabeth Wil
liamson, 25, both of San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 21.-Rather than
face disgrace W. E. Hambrook. a prisoner
in charge of Policeman L. G. Carpenter,
leaped out of a train wlriaow near the
Portland depot this evening and was in
stantly killed.
Hambrook was a drummer who came
from San Francisco last winter, while
there selling encyclopedias for a book
concern. He was ''arrested in North
Yaklma Saturday on a charge of grand
larceny preferred by a Portland adver
tising firm. After he had been arrested
he made a desperate attempt to escape
by jumping from a hotel window, but was
later captured in a hay loft.
As the train neared Portland Hambrook
obtained permission to go to the toilet
room and jumped from the small window
feet first. Policeman Carpenter jumped
off the train, and running back along the
track found Hambrook's mangled body
between the rails. His position in sliding
feet first made him fall close to the side
of the car and the entire train had passed
over his body.
"WASHINGTON, Sept. a.— Under In
structions from the State Department
Robert P. Skinner, the American Consul
General at Marseilles, will penetrate the
wilds of Abyssinia, guarded by a detach
ment of American marines from the Eu
ropean squadron. He goes to negotiate
with the King of Abyssinia a commercial
treaty, which, it is hoped, will give Im
portant advantages to American trade.
CANTON, O-, Sept. ZL — Consul Skinner
was in Canton to-day and said that he
would leave for Washington early next
week to receive Instructions relative to
his special mission to Abyssinia. . Skinnier
expects to sail for France on October 8.
TRTJXTTTN BEALE PURCHASES
A SUMMER HOME IN MAINE
Well-Known San Franciscan Invests
in a Handsome Estate in
Kennebec County.
AUGUSTA, Maine, Sept. 2L— Truxtun
Beale of San Francisco, who has been ex
citing the wonder and envy of the natives
here with his "red devil" automobile and
other paraphernalia, has just purchased
for a summer home a handsome estate of
140 acres, owned since 1775 by th<e Mar
lowe family, and situated in Lake Cab
bossecouter, Kennebec County. He has
also purchased a summer camp surround
ed by twenty-five- acres and will use an
electric launch, which he brought with
him. on the lake. The lake is stocked
with landlocked salmon, black bass, white
perch and pickerel and there is much
game in the vicinity. On the 140-acre
property Is a roomy old-fashioned farm
house and part of the land Is well culti
vated. The balance is heavily timbered,
affording cover for game.
Marine Guard Will Ac
company American
Consul.
Palls Under the Wheels
of the Train and Is
ATT ANCIENT FLASK.
A Cask of a still older type shows fig
ures in black on a red background. The
scene is mythological, showing the Attic
hero Theseus throwing the wild bull of
Marathon. This flask is supposed to
antedate the sepulchral Cask 150 years.
A rare type of drinking cup, such as
was used by * he ancients at banquets, is
e* large as a basin. The cups were made
large In those days because of the prac
tice of diluting the wine with water. Still
the cups contained much more wine than
b. temperate man of these days could or
dinarily stand, even with the water. The
figures on this cup chow a processional
dance of young and old men walking In
regular alternation, the young men with
hands raised and singing. In the center
of this cup, as in almost all others, are
painted a. pair of eyes, which are Intend
ed to charm away the evil spirits.
On another cup of this type is Imprinted
tbe picture of a young man preparing to
throw the remnants of his drinking cup
at a target. This represents a favorite
pastime with the ancients. In which was
required considerable skill to hit the tar
pet, which was always a gong, that
sounded when struck. The archaeologists
have discovered that this game brought
about an immense destruction of cups, as
the practice of throwing .them was uni
versal.
One Cask of white clay, with black lines
The most Interesting relic in the collec
tion Is a well-preserved piece of Egyptian
pre-dyna£tic pottery, which Dr. Emerson
facetiously Bays is older than anybody or
anything in San Francisco to-day. It is a
vessel, big enough to hold a pint, that wa«
manufactured in Egypt before the estab
lishment of the first dynasty of native
kings, Trhich carries it back to a time 6000
years before Christ. It is fashioned of
clay and an imitation of stone vessels
previously made, with perforated lugs on
the sides, through which cords for han
dles are passed. There are dark scenes
painted upon a light red background suf
ficiently preserved for the observer to
make out two ships of war rigged with
square sails and long banks of dars with
men tugging at them. The remainder of
the field is occupied by animals, antelopes
and ostriches, with queer S-shaped marks
that were intended to represent flocks of
birds slttinc on the river banks.
Another valuable relic I* a Greek sepul
chral flask cf white clay marked with red.
•which belongs to a category that Is now
very rare and highly esteemed among
archaeologists. The figures in red are
beautifully drawn and represent them
making visits to the tombs of their fami
lies, whom they mown. One of these fig
ures is that of a young girl In the spirit
form sitting on the steps of her tomb
stone, who Is being visited by a young
man carrying a cpear and a young woman
bearing a casket containing offerings of
perfume and a funeral libation. Just a
touch of naturalism Is carried into the
scene by the picture of a heron, which in
the ancient days wandered about the
cemeteries and was petted by the visitors.
A portion of the collection has alreaay
arrived, but the greater part remaining
Is now en route from Antwerp in a sailing
vessel that will not reach San Francisco
for eix months. As fast as the materials
arrive, however, they will be Installed In
the bulldlr.g set apart at the Affiliated
Colleges in San Francisco for the museum
and exhibited for the benefit of the pub
lic.
mTEBESTTNG RELIC.
Dr. Emerson returns with a collection
ot ancient relics that is as rare and val
uable as any in America and forming the
liueleus for a museum that is destined to
• qual any in the world. This was pessi-
Me through the generosity of Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, who sent Dr. Emerson abroad
¦with a commission to rpend $20,000 In the
p<*arch for materials. Dr. Emerson spent
the money judiciously, but even so the
cost of the expedition wll! not be limited
by the original appropriation, as there
are freight charges and salaries to pay
that will bring the entire cost up to $35,
0-jO at least.
three years in Europe collecting
material for the university museum from
classical fields. During bis absence Dr.
K«£ierscn made purchases In Belgium.
"T'aris and London and did some indepen
dent excavating in Italy, over which he
traveled extensively. He did not visit
Grc-c-ce. he\-ing spent two years in that
country previously, when he was pro
fessor of classical archaeology * In the
American School of Classical Studies in
A : hers, a residence which rendered it un
i.' ffwuijr for him to go there again.
BERKELET. Sept. 2L— Professor
Alfred Emerson, the archaeolo
gist, returned to The University of
California to-day after spending
They were manufactured In the fourth,
third and second centuries before Christ,
chiefly in Tanagra, whose people burled
large numbers of them with their dead.
They were discovered in 1870 five
years later the supply was exhausted, so
that now they can only be acquired from
existing collections.
There Is a lady's toilet case that is ex
tremely rare. It contains a black back
ground, with figures In red showing the
lady in question receiving offerings from
Cupid and "Winged Victories. The neck
lace, bracelets and diadems on these fig
: ures are In relief, with traces of the- orig
inal gilding.
An Etruscan vase Is of very high an
tiquity. The Etruscans were fond of
, manufacturing vases in black, the black
being secured by painting the wei clay
with soot before firing-. These people
never painted their pottery, but adorned
it with leaves similar to those on sdme
Grecian jars.
The ancients, like ourselves, delighted
to decorate their walls with plates, which
they adorned with fantastic designs and
then hung with strings through holes
made for the purpose. Of these Dr. Em
erson has a number.
One of the most valuable relics is an
Etruscan fork of ten prongs, with which
the Etruscans roasted their meats. In the
Homeric poems frequent mention is made
, of the sacrificial feasts in which the
Greeks indulged,, and this tool, which is
made of bronze, is supposed to have been
used at these orgies. Another bronze
relic is a ring hoop with forty-five smaller
rings upon it. The archaeologists have
been unable to give a correct Interpreta
tion of it, but It is believed to be a Jug
gler's contrivance for performing tricks,
though it may have been a contrivance
designed to hold the smaller rings, which
were used by the ladies to pin their
gowns.
COLLECTION OF GLASS.
Then there is a large collection of an-
I dent glass, chiefly from Assyria. The
Assyria: s and Phoenicians made as free
use of glass as the Greeks did of earthen
ware, both for use in daily life. and as
mementoes for the dead. It seems to have
been the custom of the ancients to offer
perfumery to their dead, and sometimes
as many as fifty pieces of unbroken glass
ware are found in a. single tomb. • The
glass is generally much lighter than the
glass of this day.
"I spent my first year In London, Paris
and Brussels," said Dr. Emerson to-day.
"These places are the headquarters for
the export trade In antiquities. * Fortu
nately at that time the Somzee collection
was being sold at auction in Brussels, and
I was enabled to secure many valuable
antiquities. Of the 400 Greek numbers I
purchased thirty-eight, which amounted
to one tenth of the value of tbe whole.
I did not go to Greece, mainly because I
had been there two years and also be-
SUPPLY EXHAUSTED.
is cemented in a mass of calcareous rock
formation, in which are also the bones of
a human being, showing that the vessel
must have been buried with the dead.
An entirely different branch of pottery
is represented In the terra cotta "figur
ines," which are nothing more than stat
uettes cleverly modeled into figures rep
resenting ladies, youths, cupids and chil
dren. They are valuable chiefly because
they give a rather clearer idea of the
Greek in everyday life and his costume
than the large monumental figures usu
ally do.
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.-A petition was
filed to-day for the probate of the wUi
of the late Edward D. Harmon of Berke
ley He leaves an estate valued at about
$30,000 to his wife and three children,
share and share alike. ;-' '*<'>'¦'>'>¦-/.
Harmon's Will Filed.
A company, incorporated for a million
dollars and including among its members
the heads of all the leading redwood lum
ber corporations in California, notably
C. A. Hooper & Co., Pacific Lumber Com
pany, Union Lumber Company, Hammond
Lumber Company and other big concerns,
which have vast timber noldings in the
northern timber belts, will be launched in
a few days In this city.
Its main purposes are to give greater
impetus to the steadily increasing demand
for California redwood In the East. One
of the first moves to be made by the new
company will be the erection of sawing
and planing mills, sash and door factories
and a manufactory of wooden water pipe
and a big drying plant, a site for all of
which has been secured near Antloch, ad
joining the drying plant of tbe California
redwood shingle combine. It is purposed
to maintain a supply of between twenty
and thirty million feet of redwood lumber
for shipment to the Eastern markets.
Up to a few months ago the supply of
California redwood had not passed be
yond the local markets, the consumption
in the State being almost equal to the
supply of tne mills. "With the sudden de
mand for the wood in the East the pro
ducers here realized the necessity of an
organization that would be able to prop
erly foster this „ new trade and act as a
distributor in foreign markets.
With these plans In view the larger
members of the redwood association got
together several weeks ago and have since
been quietly conferring at their exchange
at 6 California street. On Saturday -t ho
plans for the new company were fully
arranged and the entire matter turned
over to the association's lawyers, who are
now drawing up the articles of lncqrpora
tion. It has been estlma^d that nearly
one million dollars will be necessary to
start the new enterprise, and the greater
part of this sum has already been sub
scribed. In the drying of its redwood lum
ber . and planing It before shipment the
dealers will save a large, turn of money
in freight charges.
The company practically Is an adjunct
of tbe redwood association. Its agencies
for disbursing purposes will be established
in all the principal cities of the East.
Through this medium, the price ef Cali
fornia redwood will be controlled by the'
association which alms to maintain a
monopoly of the timber business in this
State.
COOPERSTOWN, N. T., Sept. 21.— A
riot by Italian laborers on the Oneonta.
Cooperstown and Richfield Springs Trol
ley Road to-day resulted in the death of
one Italian and the injury of General
Manager Tilton and a deputy sheriff.
The Italians are quartered In shanties a
little below the power house at Hartwlck.
Last night they built an obstruction on
the track and the first car that started
south to-day was halted. A telephone
message to Oneonta brought Receiver
Jenkins, General Manager Tilton and sev
eral deputies. When they set about re
moving the obstruction the Italians at
tacked them, firing pistols and throwing
stones. Tilton was struck on the right
temple with a stone and his face was
badly cut. A deputy sheriff received a
bullet wound In the head and waa also
gashed with a stone. Deputies and em
ploye? of the road returned the fire of the
Italics and one laborer was killed. The
rest was then duelled and traffic on the
road was resumed. Seven of the rioters
were arrested and held for examination.
The trouble grew out of the fact that
there is due the Italians two months'
wages for work done before the road went
into a receivership, but which cannot be
paid while the road Is In litigation. The
laborers have been paid for all work done
since the receivership began.
To Form Million-Dollar
Company to Handle
Product.
On^ of Their Number Is
Killed and Several
.Are Arrested.
CHICAGO, Sept. -a.— Four hundred
men employed la five shops In this city
controlled by the International Associa
tion of Marble "Workera found the doors
of their shops closed to-day and a notice
Informing them that on Thursday morn
ing work would be resumed with a. force*
composed of both union and non-union
men. It is expected that members of the
jinlon will be ordered to refuse to return
to work and that the local trades unions
will be asked to refuse to handle marble
handled in shops employing non-union
men.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 21.— The lockout of
the National Association of Marble Deal
ers took effect in the Pittsburg district to
day. It la estimated here that 6000 men
throughout the country are idle. The
dealers have posted notices In all ¦hop*
that they will be closed for three days
and at the end of that time they will re
sume operations as open shops. The men
say they wiU not return to work in open
shops. .
REDWOOD MEN
REACHING OUT
TORONTO, Ont.. Sept. 21.— Leopold J.
Stern of Baltimore, wanted in Washing
ton oa a charge of. conspiracy to fraud
the United States Government, appeared
in court this afternoon. Two officers
from Washington were present with a
new warrant certifying a charge different
from that first served and in order to
give the prosecution time to prepare their
case on the new charge an adjournment
was taken until to-morrow.
The warrant upon which the" case
against Stern Is based charges him with
having wrongfully obtained two money
warrants from the United States Post
office Department, one for $5023 in De
cember, 1902, and one for JK-27 In October,
1902.
A deposition made by "Walter J. Meyer,
postofllce inspector, also sets forth a
number of particulars in the United
States Government's case against Stern.
The deposition states that in June of 1893
a contract was made by United
States Government Postal Department
with Stern for the supply of .four differ
ent varieties of letter carriers' satchels.
Some of these were to be equipped with
straps. « The allegation is that Stern,
after being supplied at the instance of
the department with these straps by an
other contractor, charged their cost to
the department, which had already paid
the other contractor for them.
PRISONER JUMPS
FROM CAR WINDOW
Dealers Close Shops as
First Move in the
Struggle.
cause of the heavy tax upon the exporta
tion of antiquities. I did some excavating*
in Italy, but in the main acquired most
of the collection by purchase.
"I was enabled to secure some excellent
fac-similes of art works I could not buy.
I spent one-fourth of the appropriation
on casts, and for the purpose of Instruc
tion these will be quite as valuable as the
originals.
SHOWN GREAT CIVTIilTY.
"I wa3 shown unusual civility by the
archaeologists of Europe, and I attribute
this to the estimable standing the Univer
sity of California has .acquired by reason
of the competition for the Hearst plans.
This was especially noticeable In France,
probably because Benard won - the first
prize. At the Louvre I was allowed to se
cure a mold of a bronze statue which had
never been cast before and which would
have been refused had It been for a less
conspicuous university than our own. I
tried to get It for another university of
America on my last visit to Europe, but
failed. The statue I refer to is an early
Greek Apollo, which was found at Piom
bino, Italy, on the coast of Etrurla. An
other copy I was allowed to make was of
a bronze charioteer found at Florence by
the French, a remarkable feature of
which are the eyeballs, inlaid with quartz
and onyx, which give it a most lifelike
appearance."
Dr. Emerson said that the building at
the Affiliated Colleges would be entirely
inadequate to contain the collection he
had purchased, and that the best he could
do would be to exhibit only the originals
of the collection. . .
GOES ON MISSION
TO KING MENELIK
File Additional Charge
Against Stern in To
ronto Court.
Mies Gertrude Ambrose and Miss Theresa
Collins will be flower girls.
After the wedding the couple expect
to take a tour through Southern
California and ivisit relatives of Mrs.
Boogar In Arizona. Detective Holland is
building a new home on Telegraph ave
nue, near Thirty-fourth street, for his
bride.'
For twenty-five years Holland has been
a member of the Oakland Police Depart
ment. After five years of service aa spe
cial and regular patrolman, he was ap
pointed to the detective force, a position
he has held continuously since that time.
His wide acquaintance with the criminal
element in California has rendered Hol
land a valuable member of the depart
ment.
OAJCLAND, Sept. a.— "Denny" Hol
land, the veteran detective of the.
Oakland Police Department, him
self the catcher of many a bold
miscreant, has landed In the tolls.
I It Isn't the etern arm of the law that has
reached out for the grizzled ' thief-taker,
but a wily and clever youth in the person
of one "Dan" Cupid, who has enmeshed
the supposedly hardened police detective.
"Denny" has capitulated to Mrs. Cath
erine Boogar, relict of the late Philip
Boogar, who was shot by her father,
Michael Collins, ten years ago. and there
in lies a bit of romance that does not
often fall to the lot of the stern men
whose labor In life is to protect society
from the evildoer.
It was in the line of his work as a
regular detective of the Oakland depart
ment that Holland was detailed, and did
much Investigation in the days when the
Boogar case Was one of the sensations of
the. day. During that period he was
thrown much into contact with the old
capitalist's buxom widow. Though sev
eral years have passed since those days,
the gallant detective had not forgotten
the pleasant . memories awakened long
ago, and when he thought the time was
ripe the question was "popped."
| Announcement was made to-day that
the wedding would take place In October
at St. Francis de Sales Church. All of the
arrangements have been made. Mrs.
Boogar will be attended by Mrs. M. Am
brose, her sister, and former Sheriff Oscar
Rogers will assist the groom as best man.
ITALIANS START
A SERIOUS RIOT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. Wash., Sept. 21.— At the
risk of their own lives and sustaining
burns which may prove fatal in one
case, John Hlggs and Dr. Angus of Pine
City, Wash., saved the Invalid wife of
Mr. Higgs and his little daughter from
the flames of a burning house last night.
Despite the brave work of Dr. Angus,
who carried the little girl out In hla arms,
the child was so badly burned thaVehe
died early this morning. Dr. Angus also
received such serious burns that his con
dition is critical.
The lire started from a gasoline explo
sion. Mrs. Higgs is In delicate health
and her husband and the family physi
cian were. giving her a vapor bath, using
gasoline. The substance exploded and in
a moment the room was a mass of
flames. The doctor called upon Higgs
to save his wife and then made a dasn
for an upstairs room where two little
children were sleeping. Hastily rousing
the boy the doctor assisted him to wrap
himself up and flee down the stairs and
from the burning building. Dr. Angus
then picked up the little girl and started
out. «
By this time the whole house waa in
flames and with great difficulty the man
made his escape, bearing his human bur
den. Mrs. Hlggs received severe burns
and this with her terrible fright and ill
ness makes her recovery most doubtful.
OFFICERS HOLD
A NEW WARRANT
Desperate Work Done by a Husband
and Medical Hen During Blaze
in a Washington
Home. \
Girl Dies Afcerward From
Burns and Physician May
Not Live.
"TC1LLEMSTAD. Sept. a.— The steamer
Maracalbo haa Just arrived from Vene
zuela with a number of foreign notabili
ties on board. They report that the Car
acas Dress la still fiercely attacking the
foreign and mixed tribunals and the for
eign umpire*. Yesterday it was Belgium.
To-day It U Mexico.
Obeying, it is said. President Castro's
ortferg, the papers, having learned .that
Senor Otero, who umpires the Mexican
claims, Eenor Duret, the commissioner.
and Senor Guzman, the agent, all of the
Mexican tribunal ar.i^ leading figures in
Mexican society, will on the Mexican In
dependence day give a dinner and ball to
friends in a house belonging to a citizen
of the United States, printed violent ar
ticles threatening to publish the names of
sixteen leaders of Caracas society, who
had accepted Invitations to be present as
"anti-patriots" and as "guilty of aa act
of les patrie" In going to a ball given by
foreigners "claiming money from. Vene
zuela."
Besides this, menacing letters were sent
to the members of the Mexican commis
sion, and, a popular demonstration
against the commissioners having been
premeditated, the Mexican commission
withdrew Invitations to the ball, so aa
not to cause a conflict. Some Idea of the
tone of the press against foreigners may
be gathered from £1 Combate of Caracas,
which, after criticizing ail the umpires,
said:
Tes. let them take our gold, but let them
not celebrate at a social gathering the con
summation of their Infamy.
Let them feet our banknotes, but let not
their speculators' hands encircle the flexible
waUts of our Queens of the drawing-rooms.
Let them drink champagne and drown them
selves In the foam of liquor, but let them
not clink their cups with thoae of the victims
whom they have come to sacrifice.
It la reported in Caracas* that El Na
donallsta. classed as the organ of General
Fernandez, the Venezuelan Minister, Is
the most bitter of all the papers in the
campaign*
Tht* umpires have not been paid by
Venezuela.
CARACAS. Venezuela. Sept. «.— Tha
Venezuelan Government has declared a
quarantine of thirty days against vessels
from French Mediterranean ports, where
cases, of , the bubonic plague have
occurred.
MARBLE WORKERS
ARE LOCKED OUT
Caracas Press Launches a
Tirade of Abase at All
Aliens.
Heroic Men Rescue In
valid Mother and Her
Daughter.
Chip Still Adorns the
Shoulder of President
Castro.
TAKE CHILD
AND WOMAN
FROM A FIRE
HEAPING INSULTS
UPON FOREIGNERS
THE SAN FUAE CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
"Denny" Holland, Famous as a Sleuth, Will Take as Wife
Mrs. Catherine Boogar, Relict of the Late P. Boogar, the
Couple's Engagement Being Outcome of Police Romance
CUPID SPREADS HIS NET
FOR VETERAN DETECTIVE
Professor Alfred Emerson Returns From the Classical Fields of
Europe, Whither He Went to Gather Works of Art and Hus
bandry Wrought Thousands of Years Before the Christian Era
BRINGS COSTLY COLLECTION
TO ENRICH THE UNIVERSITY
9
ADVEBTISEjumTSw
I * CELEBRATED * \i
W STOMACH A
Food that remains undigested
soon ferments, causing pain and
distress. A dose of the Bitters
before meals will insure perfect
digestion and prevent Belching,
Flatulency, Heartburn, Dyspepsia
and Indigestion. Try a bottle.
All druggists.
GOLD C3OWH3 AT COST.
22 K. crowns, serviceable and artistic: guar-
anteed not to tarnish or came off. PVrot teeth
which cannot be detected from tha natural.
Crowded and twisted teeth regulated fr««. Ex*
traction free. Cleaning free. Painless methods.
Graduate* only. Twenty years' guarantee.
Week dars. 9 to 9: Sundays. 9 to 1.
FOST-CSADX7A1TE DSBTAL COLLEGE
San Pranciscc — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington St., Cor. 10th.
San Joie— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Tobacco Heart
may be cured. l5on'c neglect your
symptoms. Dr. Miles' Heart" Cure
is a great heart and blood tonic about
which you will Iraru a. great deal and also
about h«art trouble by sending pottal (or
tne book on diseases of the h art and Mm*.
| Dr. Milu Medic*!. Co.. Elkljan, Ind.. Sun, . Moon - and .Tide.
United - States : Coa«t -and- Geodetic Survey —
. ..Time and Heights .of .High and < Low
Waters et Fort ' Point. ' entrance to Ban
Veterans to Entertain.
The San Francisco Association of Vet
erans cf the National Guard of California
will give an entertainment and ball to its
friends in the armory of Troop A, cav
alry, at 28 Golden Gate avenue, on Friday
evening:. September 25. The committee in
charge has arranged an interesting pro
pramrne. The ball will be from 10 o'clock
until midnight.
Cameras and Supplies.
If you want to retain in memory a pic
ture of some interesting event, snap it
with a camera from the Photographic
I»-p.irtnicnt of Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
A citation was issued yesterday direct
ing Clara Mouze to appear in court and
show by what right she holds an insur
ance policy for $5000 on the life of the late
Mary Ann Hogan. The citation was is
sued on petition of E. D. McElroy, ex
ecutor of Mrs. Hogran's estate, who claims
that the amount due on the policy is part
of Mrs. Hogan'F estate.
Executors Claim Insurance.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
i September S'l -^
S.Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Chine Wo.. China. & Japan 2 pm Pier 27
Ohico. ..... Coqullle River 0 pm Pier 2
Corona...:. Humboldf .-......'.. 1:30 p Pier - 1)
Coos Bay... San-Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier ID
, September 23. " ' :
S. Monica.. Los; Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Itedondo J 'LcsAngeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Iaqua..... . | Humboldf .....;..: 10 am Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
- - - 'September 24. t ,-.¦¦'¦'
Phoenix.... Mendqctno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
St. Paul 1 Nome. & St Michael 2 pm Pier 20
State of Cal j Fan Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 1!)
L.uzor Hamburg & Way,. 2 pm Pier 11
S. Portland. Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier —
. v . September 2S. ¦ -
San Pedro.. Humboldt : .4 pm Pier .2
PomOna..., Humbotdt ; l:30pPier -0
Argo Kel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
N.ewburp... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Mfnnetonka New York direct.. ."...:. Pier 23
G. I>lndauer Grays Harbor • ...... Pier 10
G. W. Blder Astoria- & Portland 11 am Pier —
- . ' : September. 26.- . . • .-
Pt. Arena.. . Point Arena. 4 pm Pier '2
ISnnlta. ..... Newport Way Pts. .0 am Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 13
C'ty-Sydney N. Y. via Panama.. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu .....;... 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle &• Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
September, 2T. ' :
E. Rosa San ° Diego & Way 9 am Pier 19
' September 2R ¦
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor...... 3 pm Pier 2
North fork. Humboldt ...."..:.. '5pm Pier '2
Queen Puget Sound. Ports. 11 am Pier 0
September 29. .
China China' &¦ Japan. ... 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Grays" Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
October -1. ¦ . . . ¦ ¦ : ' -
Nebraskan.. Honolulu. v. - Pgt S Pier 23
¦ '/ '•' • ;trom"skattlb. : \ • •- »
. . Steamer. : -. . . • For. ;••-.-•¦ : Sails.
Valentla. '. Nome ' . V. .'. .;•..'..'....; Sept. 22
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 23
Dolphin. ..... . Skagway. & Way Ports, Sept 2tf
City Seattle.. Skagway &.Way Ports. Sept. 28
Al-Kl.' •' Skagway'& Way Ports. Sept. 2(>
CltyTopeka.. Skagway &¦ Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke. ..:.. N6me A St. Michael... Sept. 28
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Excelsior Cooks Inlet &.Way Pts.lOct. 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports.iOct. l 2
Senator...... Nbme" ....;.. :..'.. '..... jOct. ¦ 3
fo Mexico — 8 pkgs groceries and provisions,
20 pkgs paste. 4 pkgs potatoes, -5 sks spices,
1S0U ft lumber. r>:t bdls shooks. 300 lbs yellow
metal S bxs candles. .1 pkg dry goods, 2 pkgs
eoda. i pkgs paints and oils, 1 cs acid, 4 pkga
ammunition. 1 cs rosin, C00 1b ' paraf fine, 7 cs
gUts, 1 cs fuse. . ¦ •. • t . ...
To Central America— 2CS5 bbls flour, M25
gals 50 cs wine. 39 pkgs fresh fruit, 08 pkgs
potatoes. K pkgs onions, "00.380- lbs "sugar. 10b0
lbs codfish; 2.JUX lbs raisins. tKH lbs ham and
bacon. 270 lbs cheese, Its cs salmon, 60 pklts
groceries and provisions. 245 cs canned goods.
2009 , lb8 . 1 c l 8nlce8 ' lt52 cs l bbl whisky. 735
lbs 7 pkgs dried fruit, O^cs baking powder.
¦^J^? ?**" 1 A I ', ltrB Hquors; 14 pkgs paste,
1110 lbs bran, 8 bales hay. 400 lbs nuts. 10.80.5
lbs rice,-1300 lbs lard, 4f»« lh 8 3cs breaiJ 4«H
lbs beans. 14 pkgs. fresh vegetables, a9.841
lbs cement, pkrfi machinery, 1»59 ckgs
paints and oils. 4 bales 1 cs leather, -49 pkgs
dry goods, 1282 lbs soda; 7 pkgs drugs 17
bdls shooks, 61 pkgs paper. C109 lbs tallow
1505 lbs ros!n. 34 pkgs • paper, 165 pkgs white
lead. 34 coils rope 169 cs coal oil. 16 pk"s
areaylng material, - 10 bbls ' 5 c» tar.' 1000 lbs
lead. 2400 ft: lumber,: 66 pkgs Iron. ; 26 kegs
To Colombia— 525 bbls' flour," 1917 lbs sucar
45 cm canned soode. 518 lbs beans. 100 bales
hay. 4S.160 ft lumber, 3»60 lbs cement," 200
ca soap. .12 pkgs building, material. ; io- Dkes
paints and oils. SO- pkga fresh vegetables ¦ 10
gals wine. . , , . , - "
To Ectiador— 60 bbls flour, 1099 lb« hops : 70
coils rope. • ' ' i •
To ' New York— €6.141' gals 1 c« ¦ wine 15«
gajs brindy. 20 . flaaks . quicksilver, 6837 Dies
lead. 10,770 lbs dry hides. 30 bales Junk, 50,470
Ibe beani". 102 sks horns. • " '¦' ~ '
To ' Jamaica — 105 - cs j canned , salmon : and 4
cs canned , fruit.- - •- • ¦ >.~ -, ¦-
To Germany — 113,400 lbs dried prunes. ,
To France. — IS ska >h«Ila. . -/.;;,-.
The steamer Colon nailed on Saturday for
Panama and way ports with an assorted mer
chandise cargo " valued ' at $!M.487 and' dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico. ${W8; Cen
tral America, $27,594; Colombia, $4102; Ecua
dor. *i$Ns; N«w York, $5o.81»; Jamaica, $430";
Germany. *3U00; France, $400. The leading
exports were as follows:
The Colon's Cargo.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an examination at San
Francisco on October 21 to secure eligi
b!es to fill ten vacancies in the position
ct mechanical draughtsmen In the ord
nance department at lars;e at 51200 per
annual each. Age limit 3) years or over.
Persons who desire to compete should ap
ply to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington. D. C, or to the
Fecrctary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, San Francisco, for application
form 1312. which should be properly ex
ecuted and filed with the commission at
Washington.
Mechanical Draughtsmen.
Grain' for Europe.
The French bark Anne de Bretazne was
cleared yf-tterday for Queenstown, for ordem,
with r.2.595 ctls barley, valued at $61,000 and
tiMt> ctls wheat, valued at f 12,800. Th« vessel
also Carried (M.iOO feet lumber as. dunnage,
valued at $120.*. . .
. TACOMA— Arrived Sept 20— Stmrs Mackinaw
and Mineola, hence Sept 1C. -Sept 21— Schr
Klnic Cvrim. from Kan PrArn.
PORT TOWNSEND-^-Salled Sept 21— Ship
Ctiarmer." for Cape Town.- \ •-.') '-,
Passed In .Sept- 21— Bark Guy C Goss, from
Chlgnlk Bay for Seattle.
• -PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 21— Schr
Fearless, from Guaymaa;
B UMPQUA— Sailed Sept 18— Stmr San Gabriel,
for Sap Pedro. •• • . ¦¦
, SEATTLE— Arrived Sept i 21— Stmr Califor
nlan, hence Sept 17. i ..-•...»
S&Iled Sept 20— Stmr Cottage" City/ for Skag
way. • ¦ - ¦ _ . . • ¦ •
1 WHATCOM— Arrived Sept' 20-^Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. ¦ , ;-. j > ., \ . - .
.LONDON. Sept 21— Br BhlpoAuatrasla, from
Antwerp .for, Puget Sound, previously reported,
put Into Falkland Islands leaking. and divers
have temporarily stopped the leak; temporary
repairs -proceeding. * "¦
NANAIMO. Sept 21— According to a tele
gram sent by Captain of shlp'St Francis, pre
viously reported on -lire *t- Dutch Harbor, ves
sel, has been -Hooded by revenue cutter Manning
and all danger is pastJ .' .
'¦-'!¦ ' DOMESTIC PORTS. '
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS— Sept '21. 10 p'm— Weather
foggy;- wind W; velocity 14 : miles' per hour.
Br bark Rowena, . Mackay, , London; Balfour.
Guthfle & Co: • ' •
-Fr.bark Anne de Bretagne, Bregeon, Queens
town; G W McNear..
• -, ' i . ". SAILED. ;:•¦. ..- :
_ • ¦ - Monday, . September 21.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka, -.
Stmr Olympic.- Hansen. Falrhaven.
, Nor Btmr .Tellufl. Pedersen, Ladysmlth.
Bktn John Smith, Wick.- British. Columbia.
Schr Mayflower, Goodmansen, Coqullle River.
Schr,B*6sle K, Merriam. . San Vicente Land
ing. . . . . : . • . - ,
' . TELEGRAPHIC*. "
CLKARED. -
• . ¦ _ ¦ : . : t ¦ . Monday,- September 21.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro; Pac
-Nor .stmr Tellus, Arntzen.-Ladysmith: R
Dunsmulr'il Sons. Co. .- i
Br ship Marlon LlRhtbody ; Cordinler. Liver
pool; K,C Evans. • i ••¦..-
J*. •• • ¦ Monday. September 21.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Monterey,
¦ filmr Alcazar, Martin.' 11 hours from Point
Arena. Oakland direct, - . .
Stmr Aurelia. Peterson, J 25 hours from Eu-
Stmr Stato of California, Thomas. 43 hours
from San Diego. •
Br ship General Roberts, Murdock, 73 days
from Newcastle. Aus. • " ¦ ¦ ¦ - - '
Bchr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours, fm Bodega.
Schr Del Norte, Jacob»en, 7 days fm Rogue
River. . * ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - •- -.--•¦...¦.• - • j
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
TO SAIL.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office ¦- U , S. N Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
- . September .21, infti. -
», 7£? Tlme Fa " on tne tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
• *- *'„ noonof the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. ' m.. Greenwich . time.
J. C. "BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwesian bark Sigurd (at Honolulu),
was chartered prior to arrival for lumber from
Tacoma to Sidney at Sis 3d. ¦ •
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Nothing has been heard of C. Ilansen, chief
enft'neer of the German steamship Eva, and
there is no longer room for doubt that the un
fortunate man walked off Oakland long wharf
and whs drowned. The missing man was hold
in high esteem by his shipmates, and It was
i.< -t until hp had waited as long as he dared
that Captain Peterson proceeded to sea without
Uansen. Before leaving he sent to- the German
Consul a photograph of the missing man. with
the request that no efforts be spared to solve
the mystery of his disappearance. • .
No Word of Missing' Engineer.
S. F. Booth, local general passenger
ap*nt of the Union Pacific Railroad, yes
lorday made several changes in the work
ins fore* of his office. Peter A. Zeigen
fuss of the Rock Island office was ap
pointed traveling jwscnger agent of the
former road and will divide with Harry
Me Grcggor the territory heretofore cov
ered by the last named. Walter Drasko
vloh, ticket agent for the Great North
ern, is plven a similar place In the cfDce
of the Union Pacific and it was also an
nounced by Mr. Booth that R. S. Ruble.
now traveling passenger agent for the
road at Oeden, Is to be brought to the
<-oast and given the position of resident
.':»;ent of the company at San Jose.
Agent Booth of Union Pacific Con
fers Appointments on Several
Railroad Men.
CHANGES IN LOCAL
PASSENGER OFFICE.
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority or' thp Superintendent.
NOTE — Tlie hltli and low waters occur at
the .city front (Mitilun-strt-et wharl) about 1.6
minutes Utcr than at Fort Point; the height of
tide Is the feme at both places.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMER 22^
ris.es .'. ~ sis"
nun rises 6-07
Moon sets ¦ .... ¦ . ,7.104 p. m.
g iTimel ' [Time! |Tlme[ '-'^Tlmel
£ .1 r| Ft. 1 i Ft.. Ft. Ft.
* |H W| 1 1, W; [ll Wj |l. \V|
22 i 0:00 .\.'i 5:ir.: 0.s;i2:12| 5.71 C:17| O.B
23 0:55 5mH K:2G| ».2|12:52| 5.71 7:041 0.4
24 1:51 . 5.0; 7:071 1.7 1 :.« 5.6) 7:55 0.4
•2T> 2:»!»; . 4.7|.7.r.2; 2.2 2.17 ' 5.4| 8:."»3l 0.5
1'6 3:50| 4..1 s.45i ' 2.« :J:lt4 5.2 tl:55j O.U
27 t-..vr '4.41 ri : r>rti i'.o 3:.'.7i !4:O|tO:S7i O.7
25 C:06j 4.4]11:C71 -3.1| 4:53| . 4.7JI1 :58[ 0.7
NOTE—ln the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are (riven -'in the lett
hand coiun-iii and the ; successive tides of the
day In the ordf-r of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of thu
duy. except- when ih*re are but three tides, as
fcumetlmts occurs. The heights -given are la
addition to the Foundings of the United bUU-s
Ccaat Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
olgn precedes the. hMRht. and .then the. number
Slven Is. subtracted from .the. depth Klven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.' ¦ ¦ ' - .••;; >
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
S. 1'ortiand... Portland & Astoria.;. .|Sept. 22
S. I5aibara. .. San Pedrn trept. Tt
1'hoemx Mendocino* . . . .' Sept. TZ
San Mateo. . . .1 Tacoma Sept. .22
NfWburR [ Grays Harbor." » . |tjept. '-2
F. U. Leggctt . F'ui Hand (Sept. 22
CJ. L.n.iauer. . Grays Harbor Sept>J22
Alamula Honolulu ". LSept. Tl I
«». \V. Elder .'i Portland & Astoria; ...iSept. i2 I
Del Norte (rehcent City Sept- 2 '•
Montara Port Harford :..... Sfpt. "J.".
Arj?o Eol River Port* : . Sept. 23
Rertcndo i Humboldt .ISept. 2.{
Czurtna ; Coos Bay Sept. !•;$
S. Monica.... ' Gray* Haibor '. . . . ,Sept. T.l
Pomona . Humboldt ¦. ...iSept. i\
Honlta Newport & Way Ports. (Sept. XI
Newport New York vta Panama'Kept. 2-i
Chehqlis Crays Harbor |S:pt. 21
Kureka Humboldt ... .....[Kept. L"i
Santa P.r«a. .. San Dlegro & Way "Ptn. ISept. 2i
Point Arena.. Mcndooino & Pt.. Arena Sept.- 'M i
°ue^n Puxet Sound. Ports .inept. IN
Ent<?i prise... Hllo ISept. 2S
San Pedro San Pedro ...: '.'.'. Sept.* 28
Coronado Grays Haibor. Sept. M i
Nnnh Fork... Humbolrtt .:..; 2.1
Corona Humboldt ISept. 26
Arcata Poos Hay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 'M
Ccpk Kay San Pedro AWay Pt». Sept. 27
Curacao. ..... | Mexican Ports.- Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 27
Ventura 'Sydney & Way Ports.. S«pt. 28
Doric. China & Japan. ....... Sept. -28
Iats ' Hamburg & Way Pts. Sept. 26
Rainier. Seattle & Whatcom Sept. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 2S
Centralia Grays Harbor 'Sept. 2*
Rival....- Wlllapa Harbor .. ISept.iZS
State\of Ca.1.. San Dlrgo & Way Pts.^jsept. 28
City Puebla... Fujret Sound Ports. ,. .(Sept. uy
City Para New York via Panama. |Sept. 30
THE British ship General Roberts
saftly ended a voyage yesterday
which commence! In the tumult
of a terrific gal«*. She cam j to
this port from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, with 2800 tons of coal in her hold.
Leaving the Antipodean port Juiy 10, ihe
General- Roberts ran into a terrific .'ast
erly srale, which at intervals threatened to
overwhelm the stout windjammer. When
the first gale blew its.'lf cut another
prrung up to take its place, and for the
better part of three days the Genera!
Roberts was at the mercy of hi(?h sweep
ing seas and howling winds, dome dam-
Bye was done about the ship'cs <Wk .nil
the newly shipped crew was Lnormighly
t'led, but In the pleasant weather which
followed the storm repairs were effected,
weary iimbs rested 'and 'the General Rob
erts came to port with her cargo ;r. good
Fhpre and hull and spars in shipskapu
condition. She was seventy-three flays
on Hit; r;i*'ii!Ke,
Movements of Steamers.
AMERICAN SHIP ST. FRANCIS WHICH WAS SAVED FROM DESTRUCTION BY FIRE AT DUTCH HARBOR
BY THE TIMELY ASSISTANCE RENDERED BY THE UNITED 1 STATES REVENUE CUTTER MANNING,
WHOSE PUMPS EXTINGUISHED THE FLAMES.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 21 — Stmr Victo
rian, from Liverpool. *
LIVERPOOL— Arrived S«pt 21— Stmr Paris
ian, from Montreal. : ..
SOUTHAMPTONi-Palled Sept- 21— Stmr Ho
h*nzollern. for New York. > '. • . ¦ !
PORT NATAL— Arrived Sept '¦ 19— Br ship
Wm Mitchell, from Vancouver. . . •
LIMERICK— Arrived Sept 21— Fr bark
Jacques, hence May 24. . " . .
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Sept 19 — Ger
slilp Alstersehwan, for San Francisco; Br ship
East African, for Portland, Or.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 19 — Br. ¦tmi\Tar
tur. from Vancouver.
- LONDON— Sailed Sept 19— Ger atmr., Mera,
for San Francisco.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Sept 21— Nor ship
Theodor, for San ! Francisco. ,
OCEAN. STEAMERS - -W . -^
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 21 — Schr Kona,
from Honolpu; stmr Nevadan. hence Sept . 13.
The Norwegian ship Theodor, bound from
Rotterdam for this port, which, on August 11.
put Into Montevideo for repairs, has resumed
her voyage.
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 21— U S stmr
Albatrosy, for San Francisco; ship Charmer,
for Cape Town.
TATOCSH— I'asred out S?pt 21— Stmr Shaw
mut. for Hongkong.
Passed in Sept 21— Stmr Jeanie. from Alaska
for Seattle; Br ship Gantock Uock, hence Sept
20 for Whattom.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr South Bay.
hence Sept 1!»: stmr Alliance, hence Sept 10.
Sept 21 — Stmr North Fork, hence Sept 19.
Sailed Sept 20 — Schr Ida McKay, for San
Francisco: schr Ottllllo Fjord, for Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Sept 21 — Br ship Scot
tish Moors, from Hamburg.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 21— Stmr South
Coast, from San Pedro for Caspar.
GKAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 10 — Stmr
Newburg. for San Francisco. Sept 20 — Stmr
G C L.lndauer. for San Francisco. . .
Arrived Sept 20 — Schr Ida Schnauer, hence
Sept 5.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr
Santa Monica, for San Francisco; schr William
Renton. for San Francisco. '
Arrived Sept 21— Schr Vf H Smith, from San
Diego. • ' • * *
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Sept 20 — Schr
Comet, for Grays Harbor. Sept 21 — Stmr Santa
Rosa, for San Diego.
•REDONDO— Sailed Sept 21— Bark > Hesper,
for .
Arrived Sept 21 — Stmr Melville Dollar, from
Monterey.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived S«pt 21 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Sept 10; rtrar Bonlta. hence -Sept 18.
Sailed Sept 21 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco- tug Sea Witch, for San Francisco; bark
Vidette. for Everett; 8tmr Santa Barbara, for
San Frar.clsco. 7 '
ISLAND PORTS^ . ,
Resumes Her Voyage.
Divers have located and temporarily stopped
the leak in th» hull of the British ship Austra
sia. which recently put Into the Falkland
Island?. The vessel will be repaired before
continuing her voyage. She Is bound from Ant
werp for Puget Sound.
Divers Locate Leak.
According to a cablegram received yesterday
from Honolulu the United States Hydrographlc
Office there has received a bottle containing a
marine letter, which was picked up on Sunday.
The manuscript says bottla was dropped
ovtrbrard by the ship Drumcrais on August 7
in latitude 19 10 north, long 154 west. The
Drumcraig, which was bound from San Fran
c!sco to Sydney, arrived at the latter port
September 10.
Bottle | From Drumcraig.
The Pacific Coast gteamshb Company yes
terday announced the promotion of a number
of local officials. The recent resignation of C.
H. Holdridge as general agent at Seattle cre
ated a vacancy the filling of which has resulted
in advance for nearly a score of employes. J.
E. Pharo, the local agent at the dock, is to
succted to the Seattle general agency. C. W.
Miller, receiving clerk, takes Pharo's place and
Roy Stapleton steps Into the shoes vacated by
Miller. A number of other minor promotions
will follow this general moving up.
Promotion for a Score.
James Eustave, 17 years of age; Henry
Meyer. 19. and Norbert Meyer. 17. were
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detectives Cody and Coleman on a charge
of grand larceny. They are accused of
stealing $4000 from the tent of John Joe,
a gypsy, on the San Bruno road last
Tuesday night. A writ of habeas corpus
had b'een applied for before Judge Dunne
by Attcrrey Albert P. Wheelan for the
release of Eustace, but It was dismissed
when the court was informed that Eus
tace had been charged.-
Accused of Bobbing a Gypsy.
A suit was filed yesterday mornin* in
the United States Circuit Court by Jo
seph M: Cummlng as assignee of George
Cummlng, deceased, against Baker &
Hamilton to recover 55000 damages for
infringement of patent on a forge.
Suit on a Patent.
The St. Francis left Puget Sound early
last month with a cargo of 6000 tons of
coal consigned to the Alaska Commercial
Company.
The fire was discovered In the forward
hatch v on September 7, some 600 miles
south of Dutch Harbor, and made such
headway that it was thought at one time
It would become necessary to abandon the
vessel. The crew, however, by working
the ' pumpa continuously succeeded in
keeping the fire In check until Dutch Har
bor was reached.
ASTORIA, Or., Sept. 21.— H. M. S^ Shear
water, which reached Comox to-day from
Bering Sea, reports that~ the American
coal-laden ship St. Francis is at Dutch
Harbor with her <fergo on fire. The 17. S.
S. Manning was alongside preparing to
flood the ship.
Elaborate musical programmes have
been arranged and the choirs have been
augmented for the festival of the Jewish
new year. One feature will be the ren
dering of ancient religious melodies.
This morning there will be services in
si! the Fynagogues of the city, and with
the exception of Temple Emanu-El there
will be services again to-morrow morn
ing.
At the Bush-street Synagogue the Rev.
Vr. Ifadore Meyers officiated last night,
his sermon being on "New Year Gifts." "
Tlztbi Levy will preach sermons before
Ms congregation at the Gears-street Tem
ple this and to-morrow mornings.
Services were held at the new syna
gogue, Keneseth Israel, Russ street.
"The coming man." said Dr. Voorsar.g
cr. "never comes, always is. and h<* is
God's man; and God's men are needed to
accomplish a destiny for the human race
fi;r beyond the material considerations of
present day civilization."
The Rev. Dr. Yoorsranger in his lecture
cn "The Coming Man" at the Temple
Kmanu-El began by saying that they
•would meet the incoming year with the
pieatest satisfaction because, he said, the
pound of the ax and the hammer was*
heard in the land, while theirs was the
earning of the ax and the hammer.
Throughout the land, he s?.id, an army
v\>?s busy with the ingathering of the
fruit, but they, he said. w<»re privileged
to rejoice in the ingathering because a
considerable part belonged to them.
Dr. Voorsanger said that in the aggre
gate the work of their hand? had suc
ceeded perhaps beyond their expectation,
and through tLe pushing crowds and
heaving multitudes many had come to
the front. Dr. Voorsanger denied that
there was a "coming man." That man
i:pr>n whose face shone the light of God
v.as always with them, though, like dia
monds in the depths of the earth, he was
r.nly discovered hy xihat they called acci
dent. But, said the doctor, he was there
nevertheless, and was doing Gcd'3 work,
and that work would count in the aggre
gate until the lineaments on his face were
photographed on the entire generation.
GOO'S MEN NEEDED.
l:i passir.g over the happenings of the
last year Dr. JCieto showed how even the
calamities that had befallen the Jewish
people had heightened their joy, in 60 far
as it had convinced them not only that
they were strong enough to maintain
their cause, Wut were yet embarked upon
a spiritual mission that was well worth
the suffering.
Dr. Nieto said that Israel's mission
would not be ended until full equality be
granted all men in every country, without
regard to religion or "any other artificial
distinction."
Sacred memories, he said, followed side
by side with sensations ot happiness. Sor
row heightened their joys because it sea
soned them with a higher thought and
imparted to them therefore a more sub- !
lime significance.
CALAMITIES HEIGHTEN JOY.
The religious exercises at the uyna-
Eogues last evening were impressive. At
5:30 o'clock the Kev. Dr. Jacob N'ieto de
livered a short address at Sherith Israel.
He chose for his subject "The Sorrows
that Heighten Our Joy?." showing that
•¦ven the most dreadful experiences served
tu consecrate their joyous moments.
The shofar, or ram's horn, which is
blown at this time. Is symbolic of this
awakening.
The new year services, it is pointed out,
are preparatory to*he day of atonement
and are intended to awaken religious real.
M that man may be ready to recommence
his spiritual ascent as the result of the
religious exercises of the day of atone
ment.
The eve of the new year 56G4, according
to the Jewish calendar, was celebrated
last night. Services were held In all the
synagogues j±t sundown. It beinjj part of
the Jewish system to make of all their
religious observances "home . celebra
tions," to encourage family gatherings,
and thus promote tfiat unison of Interest
and sentiment which Intensifies family
union, there were gatherings of relatives
and friends at the Jewish homes after tlie
services at the synagogues.
Danger Is Discovered When
Craft Is Far From
Impressive Services Held in
All Synagogues of
the City.
The Jewish Community
Greets With Joy Its
Annual Festival.
American Ship St. Fran
cis on Fire at Dutch
Harbor.
OBSERVE BIRTH
OF NEW YEAR
CREW BATTLES
BLAZE IN CARGO
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
British Ship General Roberts Narrowly Escapes Destruction in a
Succession . of Storms Encountered Off Australian Coast, but
Weathers Them and Arrives Here in First-Class ; Condition
MEETS WITH TERRIFIC GALES
AT OUTSET OF LONG VOYAGE
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BATLWAY TBAVEL>
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M aj a i&rnntatJlK™ Btwet )
• f ,... - y«x,M S«FT»MBKS g. 1903- - Am»IT»
" Benlcis.Bul3un.l!.lmtra«ndaMr»-
7.ooa vS»TmeVwint e w;Ru»; e v^:::^ fa*
7^0a Xile»Vtlvermore. LatUrop. Stock-
?Vrnto Ked Bluff. Portland...... 7-55*
¦^flA Xllea San Joae, Llvennore. Stock-
9 CO* Martinez MdWaj Station.
feri VlsaUa, BakersflcW. Lot
12.00» Hayward. Mle« »nd Way Stations. 3-25^
IIOOf S«cramento P.J»er Steamer*.. ...... til- 00*
330P Benlcl*. Wlnten. »* e T* we * t °'
Woodiand. wniiams. CorU*a.Wll-
low«. Knljthti Landing. Marys- ._
Tllle. Orovlllo snd way nation... 1053*
SSOt Hayward. Nllen and Way Station... 7 55*'
4C0r Martlnex.SanlUraon.VaIlCJO,>apa.
Callatoga. Santu I!os»....... ¦ ¦.- ,n$S*
4-OOp Mart!nex.Tracy.LatHrop.Stoekton. 1DZS*
4 00r Nile*. Llrermore. 5tockton. Lodl.. *•***
4 ZOr H»y»«rd. Nile.. Irtlngton. San I J8|»*
Jo.e. Ll»ennore .-..-• I ?11.39*
B4J(h» The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulara,
Uaker.deld. Los Angale. ........ ¦ 53*
8.80F Port Coata. Tracj. btockton. Lo*
Ban on *Vs2
t6 30p Hayward. Kile, and San Jo»« -I if*
8.00P Uayward.Nlles«nd6anJo.e 1025*
8.00* Oriental Mall— Ojrden. Dourer,
Omaha, t:. Lout*. Cbtcaso sad
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. 8ul-
•un. Elm Ira, Davt.. Sacramento,
Kockltn. Auburn, Col fax.
Truckee. Boom. l;«ao, Wads-
wortb. Wlonemneca. Battla
Mountain. Elko 4-Z5f
». . Reno. Truckee. 8acramento. Datls.
i Sutnun. Ucnlcta. Port Costa 7-53*
! 8.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... * 75s,
7-OQt Vallejo. sumUy only I
7X0r San P«blo. Port Costa. MarUnea
and Way Station*. 11.28*
¦ OEp Oreron A California Kxpre»»— 8ac-
rainento, Mary.Tllle. Bedding.
Portland, Puget Sourd and Ea*t. 8-55*
8.10? Hsyward. Nile, and San Jose(J>nn-
day only) • ••• 1105a
11.25* Port Co«f«, Trscy. Lathrop. Mo-
deito. Merced. lUymond (to Yo-
¦emlte). Freano. ll&nford. VI-
aall*. Bakeraflrld 12 CTf.
COAST LINE (>«»• «a«ge).
' (foot of Market Street.)
745a Sanu Cruz Excursion <3unday
only) •— • ¦•»<*»
8-1Sa Newark. CenterTllle. San Jo.e,
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Saata
Crua and Way Statlona 823»
12Ahr Kewark. Centerrine. Ban Jose,
New Almaden. Lo. Gatoa, Felton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crui and
Principal War Stations 1035a
4-15*" Newark. San Jose. Los Ostos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday ran. through to Santa
Cruz: Monday, only from Santa.
I Cruz). Connects at Fe::on to
j and from Bonlder Creek t8-B»%
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Fro-. &AN USA.N CISCO. Foot of Market 8C (Slip *)
— fi:13 »:0O 11:Cu*.m. 100 300 B 15 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Bruwlway — ttt:00 J3:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 Ml.
COAST LINE (Broad Uiuu).
QT* (1 Qlrd and To*rn»end Streeu.)
' 8.10a 8ta Jose and Way Stations 8 30*
1700a San Jose snd Way Sutlons 538'
7.15a Monterey and Sanu Crus Exour-
¦Ion (Snnday only) 8 30-*
8-00* Kew Almaden (Tues., Frld., only), 4.10?
S-00a Cout Line Limited — Stops only Saa
Jo.e, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
11 » ter). Pajaro, CastroTUle, Sv
Unas. San ArJo. Paso Bobles,
B.nta M»rg»r1ta. San Lnls Oblapo,
Guadalnpe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Sanu Barbara. Saugns
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Caatrortlle to and from Monterey
- and Pacific 6rore 10-48V
8. CO A San Jose, Tres Plnos, Capttola,
8antaCraz,PaelflcOroTe,8allnaa.
Ban Lnls Obiipo and Principal
Intermediate BUtlont 4-1O
T0.30A San Jo.e and Way Stations. 1.20?
11.00a Cemetery Pussenarer — South Saa
Francisco, San Bmn* 1.0S>
11-50* Santa Clara, San Joae, Los Gato»
and Way Stations 7.30p
•1 40p San Jose and Way Stations ... .... x 7 00?
2.00r San Jose and Way Sutlons 13 43*
2.30? Cemetery Passenger— Sooth Sta
Francisco. San Bruno 4-35*
tJCOr Del Monte Ezpreta— Santa Clara,
Ean Jon. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (eonnecta at 3«nt»
Clara, for Sanu Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Polnu) M2.15*
SiOr Pacific Grove and Way SutJons—
Harllccame.San Mtteo.Kedwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, MayHeld.
Ilountaln View, Lawrence, Sanu
Clara. Ban Jose, < Gllroy. Bollla.
ter, Trea Plnoa). Pajaro. WaUoo*
Tllle. Capltola, Santa Crui, Cas-
trorllle, Salinas 10.43*
4 JOt San Jose and Wsy SUtlons 8 33a
b OOr Esn Jose, (via Ssnu Clan) Lot
Oatos, Wright and Principal Way ¦
SUtions (except Sunday) 9.00*
15-10* 8an Jo.e and Principal Way 8Utlons t8.00*
tt.1 br Ean Mateo,Berecford,Belmont.San
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
. Menlo Park. Palo Alto 19-45*
B.ZQr 8«n Jose and Way SUtions. 638a
7 Mr Sunset Limited, Ewtbouad.— S.n
Lnls Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. El Paso. New
Orleana, Kew Tork. (Westbound
inlTM t la Pan Jooaula Valley)... trS25k
8. OOP Palo Alto andWaySutlona 10.1S*
11. 30r South Saa Francisco. Mtllbrae,
Burllngsme, San Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, .....
Fslr Oaks, Menlo Part Palo Ifigi
Alto, May fl eld. MounUtn View, *»-*O»
Sunnyrale. Lawrence, Sanu
Clara and San Joae J
A for Mornin*. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ) Snnday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t tinndsy excepted. a Saturday only.
* V la Cosst Line. w Via S an Joaqnla Vtttey.
• Reno train eastbonnd discontinued.
aVOnly train, (topping; at Valencia St. aonthbonnd
•xe «:10 a.m.. t7:00*.M_ll:t«A.M.. 3:30 P.M. and «:S0p.«,
BTO SAN RAFAEL
SANQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
"WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:43.
t*7-45 8-45 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. «1:45. H:li.
i:15. 15:15. 'BIS. 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. ra. train week days doea not run to
M SUNDAY3 AND LEGAL, HOLJDAYS-7.
*s w f'10 II. Ul:30 a, m.. tl2:30. fl:30.
*S5 *3-50 5 B. 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week .lays— 5:25. t«:23. 7:40. 8:15. »::<5.
11:05 a. raT. 12:30. 2:20, J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:43.
10 •'?O p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. 7:35. JS:10. 0:40. tlO:53.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40, «S;5O.
0:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAW FJIAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:23.
0:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13, 3:10. 7:05.
10:4O p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:33. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1-05, 2:40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m. *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazad;ro and way
stations.
6:15 p. ra.. week daya (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 3 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. ra.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— <C8 Market at.
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fia busiits t wry Arriva
9— Fraa. H* sf Marlam. San Fraa.
Week Sun- "Taa ~~" ~San- W«a£*
°*r*- rfays jfSe^l^\ day, Day,.
• Sl5P i? !^ A 3:3oraSS;
,,, , 11:30a 4;3a>
fcaaday. saly. amn itwmT Q:3Or,trny%U* l:3o»
r i£J£ I ** MAiJUtT St - l Nor "> Siwrc Railroa<tT
OmSB I and Sausauto Fkxxt Foot Uartat St
*Ag&te&iA MENANDWQMETf.
Cse Bi^ « for nnnatnrtl
M&tj •« I u » dirt.\y dKcharges.inflanimations.
§3£Mf Oaar»at«4 |1 Irriutions or nlceratloaj
sVwHT^rTi^tii^ T r-n p » in '«". »nd not wtrla-
K»VrrfItTANSCHEWlMlCO. gent or poHonous.
V^k CMC!NIUTl.C.g I S«Id by DrnnltU,
C.*- 1 - JffijT O' «»nt in plain wrapper
>^l &&&% v, M - ,° r * botti * 1 12 - 7 5-
w Circular Met oa naoett.
Driven to, Drink
Many,.a good man has been. by inferior
laundry work, with lumps, of. starch and
waves of bluing decorating his shirt
front and saw edges on his collars to an-
noy him.. It makes his heart glad when
he can see his linen immaculate and with
a snow white color and artistic finish
that he can have\ put on . by expending
only a few. cents. It is worth dollars in
comfort and satisfaction to have your
linen laundered at the
-UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
- OFFICE 1004 MABKET STBEET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jlzw&x ctTI Hlf E%^s?E9
msskW i W*k ¦ILLS
SIOK HEADUHE
PositlTcly cared tjy these
Iiittlo Pills.
' Thej also reliere Distress from Dyspepsia,
I Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drovrsl-
j ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
! Pain in the Sidei TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price
'BEERS I
The Highest Priced but |
the Best Quality. |
SOLO EVERYWHERE. |
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. fi
Pacific Coast Agents. B
visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY^
\ ta' - The Ur^ctt Anatomical Museum in the \
i <|»M»e •¦•¦ll>«lrcar^h r theoldeit T
Q ISS^I SpeeialiM oo the Coxa. Eit. 36ye»r*. ©
A UWjfc'h OR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN/)
1 » {?iV?Sfi Consultation frte and strirtly prWitf. \
0 i JrSLlA TrM '. nienl P fr * oci!l y "' by letter. A A
A P ft lift Write for Boole. rnil.OHurnY »r \
" i\ 1^ BtnnMCK, HAILED FREE. (AT
A ii ll- * llu * ble boolc tor m'n) \
V Da JOCDAK A tO, 1031 Mnrlte t St.,S. F. V
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEK. CO., San Francisco.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CAUF0RN1A NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSEiEj
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnroa Terry, Foot or Market St.
8AN FRANCISCO TO SAW EArAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturday's — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:.1O, 3:40, 6:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAN KArAEI. 70 SAN FKANC1SC0.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. tt:50, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m. ; 12:50. "S:©©, 3:40. 5:0O. 5:20,
6:25 r>. m. ...
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:50, 7:35, 9^0. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:10. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
L«ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | May 3. 1903. [San Francl3co.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j tlon. | days. I Days.
J 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:COa 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
- . 7:25 p
7:30a 7:3Oa 7:45a] 7:45 a
8 :00 a 8 :C0 a Nova to, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 0 30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:C0a 9:OOa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:2Op
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
» Windsor. I
7:30 a 7»0a Hcaldsburg. 10:20 a]10:20a
I Lytton,
2:30 pi 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
- | Cloverdale. I ¦
7- ' 7::i0a| Hopland 110:20 all0:20 a
2 : ; 2:30 p| 'and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
~7:»« a| 7:30 a| Wtlllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
"iToOal 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00a! 8:00 aj T~Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| plen Kllen. | B:0Op| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a! 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentlr.; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Sprlnfcs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
6erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hcwland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly's,
Bucknell'*. Sanhedrin Height*. Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot Springs Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopklnp, Mendocino City, Fort Brag S
Westport, "U*al; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
ville. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harrla. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
- H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
" Gen. Manager. Gen. Pags. Agt.
Si y^fl38T^v " \ n
"*=r \-.r.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
' 1«t« Meadays »nd Thursdays M »-. JO a.m.
Through Ib S days with Dtacn aad all tnpfHagv
Otir other trains go at
v 7 :30a* 1 lor Stockton, Fresno,
f:30w V Bakersfield. Merced.
: 1:00pm l Eaaford, Visalia. ' ' ;
• 4:00p« for Stockton. * I'V/v
l:00« for Kansas City and Chicago.
Office. 641 Market St.. and in Perry
I DefMt: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
Trains /ear* Mark it Street Ftrry. llOREGON. "i: ', .
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 21.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 74c; bluestem. 78c: valley, 78c. .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. - 21.— Wheat— One
cent lower. Bluestem. 82c; club, 88c.
Northern Wheat Market.
•o^Si w 1O , RK - SeP 1 - 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22.CS6 barrels; exports. 23.252 barrels. Market
easy. Minnesota patents, $4 70@4 00
WHEAT— Receipts. 76.000 bushels; exports,
16.243 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red 82 We
elevator and 83c I. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 'North
ern Duluth . »04c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. 02c f. o. b. afloat. Options expe
rienced another pronounced decline to-day, feel,
ing the pressure of heavy Russian shipments
and a large visible supply Increase. Addi
tional factors were fine weather, heaviness In
outside markets, lower cables, bear aggres
siveness and liquidation. The close was weak
1%«1%C lower. May. 84%©85 0-16c, closed
84%c; September. 84>4@S4%c; closed S4»Jc;
December closed S4'ic
WOOL— Firm.'
COFFEE— Steady. Spot Bio, quiet. No. 7
New York Grain and Produce.
COLBY, Kan., Sept. 21.— Considerable
trouble is being experienced with the set
tlers who persist in committing depreda
tions on the Dewey ranch In this county.
Three houses have been burned on the
ranch during the past eek. Detecthre3
have been employed by t v .j Deweys to
look into the matter. Ever since the kill
ing of the Berry family by the Deweys
last May there has been much more bad
feeling ehown against the Deweys than
formerly. The settlers are now decidedly
hostile to the ranchmen.
Houses Are Burned at Dewey Banch.
The fruit market waa rather quiet, as the
demand for local consumption was slack and
there was practically no inquiry for shipping.
Receipts, however, were light and the quota
tions showed but slight variation, although
prices of some descriptions tended downward.
Stocks of Peaches In email boxes consisted
chiefly of second quality offering^ which
ruled weak at previous prices. The • canners
were purchasing Salways tn bulk at the quoted
rates and paid as high as $30- per ton for
occasional lots of Clingstones. Apples, Pears,
Quinces and Pomegranates were, in the supply
and stood about as previously quoted, with
the demand limited and confined chiefly to
fancy stock. ' Prunes and table Grapes in
crates were easy owing to the lack of demand
for shipping. -The toD quotation for Grapes
ln-crtttes waa obtained only for strictly fancy
offerings, (55c being the top for the general
run of supplies, excepting the Isabella variety.
Wine Grapes were moderately active . at pre
vious prices, with receipts ample. Receipt*
of Figs were less liberal than on Saturday, but
were still too heavy for the market to absorb
and prices continued to have a wide range.
The • cool, cloudy weather had a depressing
effect on the Melon market and the light re
ceipts proved excessive. -" Only a small, portion
of the receipts brought the top quotations
Several lots of c small green Nutmeg , Melons
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SEATTLE, Sept. 21.— Clearings, $667,461;
balance-?. $135,330. . ..
TACOMA. Sept. ; 21.— Clearings, $30S,930
balances, $:J7.793. . . -
PORTLAND, Sept. 21. — Clearings, $771 663
balance, $131,273.
SPOKANE, Sept. 21.— Clearing*, $413,976
balances, $55,720.
Northern Business.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
* Morning Session.
"^"Bullion". 10 000 Hale A Nor „ 61
200 Chollar 24 100 Ophir 1 *o
200C C & Va ..1 30 300 Potosl :. 24
1000 Con lmD 05 200 Sierra Nev „ 65
400 Exchequer ... 12 200 Union Con . . 75
1300 Exchequer ... 11 200 Yellow J .... 54
500 Hale &. Nor.. 52
- - . Afternoon Session.
500 Chollar ...... -~ 23 300 Overman .... 24
aOO Crown P 14 2CO Potosl 23
300 Exchequer ... 12 300 Potosi 22
360 Exchequer ... 11 COO Savage ....... 25
300 Gould & C, . . 20 200 Sierra Nev . . 04
100 Mexican ....1 05 200 Stiver Hill .. «J
100 Ophir ...... 1 77% 500 Utah 14
300 Ophir 175 2C0 Yellow J ... 52
500 Ochlr 1 72*41
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were' the tales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. #
SCO C C & Va ..1 60 100 Sierra Nev .. 6(5
200 Gould & C . . 30 200 Union Con . . 7B
200 Hale & Nor- 62 ICO Utah 15
10O Occidental ... 35 100 Yellow J 54
100 Ophir 1 80
Afternoon Sesalon.
"100" Andes 15" 100 Occidental .. 34
400 Bullion .. 10 ICO Ophir 175
200 C C & Va 1 60 200 Overman .... 24
600 Con N Y ... 10 100 Sierra Nev ... 63
2C0 Gould & C .. 29 1C0 Stiver Hill . . «4
400 Justice ...... U> 100 Utah 14
200 Mexican 105 200 Yellow J ... 52
LONDON, Sept. 21. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 114.207
bales. Fine grades were firm and were talten
by home and Continental buyers. American
representatives secured fair lines of medium
and crossbreds at the highest rates, of the
series. Medium ecoureds and faulty were Ir
regular. Fine Merinos sold at 5 per cent ad
vance. Cape of Good Hope and Natal scoureds
sold In buyers' favor.' •
London Wool Sales.
XEW YORK. Sept. 21.— The cotton market
opened weak at a decline of 4@1(J points and
closed steady. 4@25 points lower.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand precisely as
at the close of last week. Fine Butter Is
quoted rather tlrm than otherwise, but the
lower grades are Inclined to drag. Cheese
continues in large supply and dull. Fresh
ranch Kegs are In small supply, but are not
over actUe, as buyers are running on Eastern
and cold storage stcok.
Receipts were 44.7C0 lbs Butter, 540 cases
Eggs and 12,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, ,JC@31c for extras and
2C?r2Sc for seconds; dairy, 21®24c; store But
ter, 17%ftfU»c; cold storage, 24£f25c; Eastern,
22i?21c per lb.
CHEESE— New. 12@13c; Young America.
124j.14c; Eastern, 15©10c; Western, 14®15c
per lb. - ¦ ' ' v ¦ ¦
EGGS — Ranch, 26037 %C for large white se
lected and 30®35c for fair to choice; store,
•J2%tt27c; cold storage, 24@2Cc; Eastern, -*2%Sf
27*iiC per dozen. :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday September 10 la as fol
lows: Wheat. 15.997.000 bushels; increase 1,
801,000. Corn, 7.007,000 bushels; increase,
5)82.000. Oats. fl,$W>,000 bushels; decrease, 485,
000. Rye. 579.0CO bushels; increase, 50.000.
Earley. 2,105.000 bushels; increase, 572,000.
Visible Grain Supply.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6*4
@7c per lb; White Lead, «V£@7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAP.— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c- Dry
Granulated, flne, 5.00c; Dry Granulated coarse
5.00c; Fruit Granulated, 5.C0c; B-st Granulated
(100-lb bags only). — ", Confectioners' A, 5.00c:
Magnolia A, 5.20c; Extra C, 5.10c; Golden C.
5c: ¦ "D," 4.00c; barrels. 10c more: half bar
rels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags).
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
C.lOc; boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c: Astral. 2OV4c:
Star. 20*fc: Extra-Star. 24%c; Elaine, 2«%c;
Eocene. 2.1%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk, 17c: in cases. 23HC; Benzine, In bulk
13c: In cases, 10%c: SC-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: In cases, 27*sC.
TURPENTINE — Higher at SOc per gallon in
cases and 74c in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 6@5*£e: - San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32ig30c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
Sc: Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, ti&c and 7*4c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 0%©7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, ?6 50; Bryant. $0 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Erg, $1<>;
Welsh Lump, $1150; Cannel. $8 BQ^per ton;
Coke. $11 r.Ottl;: per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 4S per
2000 lbs and $.S 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw'
In barrels; cases, , r >c more: Castor Oil, in caees
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' A A, ?1 10@l 12; Lucol, 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard OU,
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c; cases 05c;
China Nut, 55@70c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels, 75c; cases. 80c: Sperm, pure, 75c-
Whale OH. natural white, 50r#55c per gallon*
Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 55e for Aus
tralian. ¦
General Merchandise.
The car of Western Poultry that came In
late on Saturday, was on sale and cleaned
up quickly at good prices. Another car Is
scheduled for to-day's market. The market
for local stock remained firm, receipts being
light as usual on Monday. Game, too, was In
light" receipt and good quality offerings met
with prompt sale at the previously quoted
POULTRY — Young Turkeys, nominal; Geete,
pel pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings. 82@2 25;
Ducks, $4@5 per dozen for old and $5@(1
for young; Hens. $4 50@5 50; young Roosters,
*5<Q«: old Roosters. $4 50i&5; Fryers. ?3 604*
4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and %'Z 50^3
for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 60©2 for Squabs. % ...
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per dozen.; Hare,
$1 25 per dozen; Wild Doves, $1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK, Sept. 21. — There was a liberal
amount of tin offered to-day and prices were
generally lower, declining £1 5s to £119 7s <5d
for spot In London and £1 for futures, which
closed at £119 15s. Locally tin was easy at
$26 50g27.
Copper declined 2s 6d for spot In London,
closing at £56 lCs for that position, while
futures were 3s ltd lower at £50 3s Od. In
the local market copper was dull and nom
inally unchanged.- Lake, $13 75; electrolytic,
$13 <52V.<??13 75; casting, $13 25@13 37%.
Lead was unchanged at £21 2s (A In Lon
don and at $6 locally.
Iron closed at 56s 5d in Glasgow. Locally
Iron was quiet. No. 1 foundry (northern).
*17; No. 2 foundry (northern), $10 50; No. 1
foundry (southern) and do soft, $15 5O@1G. ¦
Nezu York Metal Market.
Tbe following quotations are for good, sound
Livr.»tock. delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per •;ent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8@0c; Cows and Heifers,
7g8c; thin Co\"s, 4@5c per pound.
CALVES — i®5*4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vi@4c; Ewes. 333*_c per
pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, Cc; under
150 lbs, 6%@5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates irom slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 6tji6c per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6*5@S*.c; small. 9310c per
MUTTON— Wethers, 7*4©8*4c. I with fine
stock occasionally 9c; Ewes. 7@8c per pound.
LAMB— 9@10c per pound.
PORIf— Dressed Hogs. 8*4@9*4c per pound.
DRESSED MEATS.
r ¦ _____
All kinds of live and dressed stock remain
as before quoted, with ample receipts.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO Sept. 21. — CATTLE — Receipts,
2CO0. Steady. Good to prime steers, $5 40tf
5 SO; poor to medium, $.'J 00®»; stockers and
feeders. $2 40®4 15: cows, |1 50@4 50; heifers,
$4 <S4 75; canners. $2 50®4 E0; bulls, $2(g4 50;
calves, $3 5007; Texas fed steers, $3 25<3»4 40;
Western steers, $3 25@4 60.
HOGS — Ilecelpts: To-day, 25,000: to-morrow,
20,000. 5«?10c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 $5(g« 40; good to choice heavy, $5 OogtJ 25;
rough heavy, $5 00^5 00; light, J5 80@6 35;
bulk of sales. $5 85@u 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, 30,000. Sheep, steady,
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 401*
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 25<g'3 25; Western
sheep, J2 25<g4; native lambs, $3 75(8t» 15; West
ern lambs, !ji 10(95 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. «ept. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3337. Steady to 10c higher. Cows and heifers,
SI 50iS5: stockers and feeders, $2 50©3.
HOGS — Receipts, 2360. Mostly 10c higher.
Medium and heavy. $5 MVgS 67>6.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7140. Idaho wethers, S3 85.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Sert. 21. — There was a period
• <"°f <Ierression in the stock market to-<5ay, but
the market recovered later in the day and
wiped out mo8t of the declines. The cover-
Ing of Ehorts by the bears was the principal
rlement in the rally, but the bears were
r>rr.ropted to this course by the lessened anxiety
. manifested by the real owners of stocks. Th^
principal factor in the relief of sentiment was
the news from the crop region and its eff*-t
ujxjn the grain market. The weather map
vps rej>orted an ideal one for all clayses of
erojis. In addition to this present condition
tr.e weekly statistics of railroad traffic Fhowc-d
a large Increase in the movement of corn, es
peoialiy in the shipments of grain from pri
mary point*, which showed an Increase of
M3.0U0 bushels over the week before. It was
artrued that if th* farmers were willing to
jiart bo freely with their holdings of corn it
wrved to discredit last week's reports of ex
.<.,¦•.. frotl danasc to the cereal. Th» course
of I'nlted StatPs- ?teel «a» watched with great
interest, and its decline to a Fhade below «he
lowf-M record which was reached last week
?r.ccuraged the traders to Bell the rest of the
•list.
The assertion was circulated that the-lead
ing banking imprests in the steel corporation
had ext.i^fced tho opinion that there wa» no
• ¦c*-a«i?n for supporting measures in the stock
ir.ark*t. Other Ftocks in which this intereFt
was dominant were affected. It was evident,
however, that support was afforded I'nited
States Fu-el. The fact that a number of the
iron and et*«I industrial commanded a pre
m.um in the loan department this morning
*prved as » wamlne to the l>eare that their
side ha<l been overselling the . market and
j»rpmrtfd them tn cover. While the disposi
tion to s^ll stocks was thug curbed in the
•-curse of the das*, no important demand was
awakened, end the market showed increasing
' <1ullnes.s tn the enure* of the rally. The finan
cial district continued in a etr.te of uncer
tainty and apprehension over the p<>sMble ex
tensler: of the reaction end construction to the
commercial world at large. Allegations have
been made that the demand for mercantile
tredit.s is showing great urgency and thai
high rates are paid for these credits. Inquiry
nrrxjr.g barkers tn the Wall-street dUtrlrt
failed to bear out this assertion. Prime grades
of papT negotiated through customary chan
nels bring B to CVa per cent. For names less
well known End fcr applications from other
than their regular customers bankers are In
clined to ask higher rate* or are indisposed to
lend at all. This ts in accordance with the
knowledge thet the whole banking fabric of
the country ha » l»*en devoting Itself for some
menth! i as* to preparations to supply the reg
ular legitimate ccmrr.eroial demands for
Mercantile credits. The returns received from
day to day by the Comptroller of the condi
tion of the national banks at interior cities
«how a ireneral Improvement in percentage of
i-eiierve over that for the corresponding period
of last year and encourage the growing hope
that the regular course of bueinefn will not
Jpo disturbed by lack of funds this autumn.
The rrnrket closed dull and firm.
Ilonde were Irregular. Total sales, par value,
f2.235.CO0.
Vnited States 3s advanced '4 per cent, the
eld 4s registered H per cent and the 5s % per
cent en th* Unt cal!.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiscn 3S.l<>0 C5>/ 4 «4^ C5*
Atcnison pfd 1.500 «*0 S-»^ 83^
!*»lt & Ohio 5.700 &0% 71)*% 79%
Bait & Ohio pfd M
Canadian Pacific. .. 4,200 123 121% 122
Central of N J 157
Chesap & Ohio 1.200 :UH i0% .-JH-i
• Chi & Alton 7O0 21 H »•% "0^
Chi & Alton pfd... -;.. .-.- .:.. «2£
Chi & G Western.. '#** *5>4 lj 15%
<h)i & G W B pfd. 100 26% 2«1i 28
¦ Chi& Northwestn. «00 158 lSei* 157
Chi Term & Tran : |V4
Chi Term & T pfd IS
r c C & *?t Louis t^'a
Oolo Southern 100 J2* 12% I2j5
Volo South let pfd. 300 50 50 49%
Colo South 2d pfd. 400 20 20 20
Del & Hudson .... U00-15U 15o ICO
Bel Lack & West.. 100 233 2^3 230
lj*ver & Rio G... .». -•• -•• %»
«S W * R O pfd. =00 g 74*
Erie lit Pfd 4.300 06 04% C5V 4
Erliad Pfd UOO 474 « 47*
0^™^ '2.-.0 <»" X" '£
Illinois Central ... «00 131 130*4 . 131
Kwa Central 300 19*4 13 19 .
Iowa Central pfd «•»
K C Southern ; •••• -„,,,
K C Southern pfd .-/ 52J"i
Louis & Nash .... 3,700 102*4 101% 102*4
Manhattan L C00 131% 131% 132
Metropolitan 8t Jly 32.500 112% 111*» 1'2
Minn & Pt Louis.. 300 56 56 fi4
Missouri Pacific ... 29.500 90*J 89% 90*4
Mo Kan & Texas.. 300 19 1« W
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 4C0 40 39 39*4
. N R n of Mcx pfd •¦ fO»,
N Y Central 24.000 113% 118% 11J%
js'orfolk & Western. 1.500 61^ «°?i Wi*
New York Stock Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1@1 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 5(Vf;.l 75; from
Berkeley. $1 25® 1 35; Green Peas, 2@3c per Ib;
String Beans, :t®3U[C per lb; Wax, 3%@4c;
Lima Beans. 3@3V4c per lb; Tomatoes, 351?
C5c per box; Summer Squash, 40@Wc per box;
Cabbage, UOc per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 35@50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers.
attiS^c lor No. 1 and 1&i::',«jc per lb tor others;
Garlic, 2#3c per lb; Gresn Peppers, S0@50o
per box or sack; Green Okra. 35@50e per box;
Egg Plant. 35<g50c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
$luQ'12 per ton.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. tSOc®
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 45 per
ctl- River Reds 80®I»Oc per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes jobbing at $1 40 per ctl.
ON'iONS— 50©ti5c 'per ctl.
There were liberal supplies of Potatoes, par
ticularly river kinds, and the market con
'tlnued rather quiet, owing to the absence of
demand for shipping. Trading In Salinas
Burbanks for local use was moderately active
and trices were steady. Sweet Potatoes we*»
easier under heavy receipts, four cars being
received from Merced. Choice offerings In
boxes from Stockton were held at $1 50 per
cental, but moved slowly. Onions were plen
tiful and moved slowly at the long estab
lished prices.
Receipts of several kinds of vegetables were
light, aa usual on Monday, and prices of some
descriptions ranged higher. Tomatoes arrived
freely and were easy, with poor quality ofter
ln«s of bay going to the canners at the min
imum quotation. The demand from the reg
ular trade was fair, but offerings had to be
strictly fancy to bring over 50c per box.
String, Wax and Lima Beans and Green Corn
were In limited supply and cleaned up quickly.
Lima Beane and Green Corn selling at higher
rates. Green Okra. Cucumbers and Summer
Squash cleaned up well at firmer prices. All
other descriptions stood as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Owning 20 t>5 21 00
Closing *>y5 2110
P*lour—
Opening 30 40 28 00
Closing 30 85 2b lo
LIVERPOOL.
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm higher. Creameries. 18©'21c;
I>airies 13@18c. Cheese, firm, 10V£@Uc. Eggs,
steady. ' 186 19c.
Articlee — Receipts. Shipments.,
Flour barrels 2O.6S» 3O.10O
Wheat bushels 77.130 143.150
Corn "bushels 341.800 730,400
Oats,' bushels 155.150 801.000
Rye bushels 1,900 2,400
Barley, bushels 83.100 1.C00
Beans are very firm, and . there is a good
deal of activity at the moment. --as receipts
are light and there are large short Interests
who are looking about for supplies with which
to fill their contracts. This, with tha falling
off in the yield, puts the market Into excel
lent condition for sellers. Limns are espe-^
cially active and much higher, but the firm
ness is general all alonpr the line. . . •
• BEANS — Bayos J2 7Offi2 510; Pea $3 25: But
ters $3; small White $2 ST)®."} 25; large White,
$3®3 15: Pink, $2 S5#3 10; Red. $2 90#3;
Lima, $3 60*53(55: Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye, $2 G5Q2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 40@i 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
re.i^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
ift^S^c: Timothy C@ti>Ac; Hemp. 3>4@3>4e
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20O
23 per ton.
DRIED . PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The rretseure has risen Flowly over the Pa
cific elo;>e and has fallon oxer Utah and Wyo
ming.
Rain is reported st Portland. Seattle and
Fjjokane and A thundrr Ftorrn at KaliFp^l.
The temperature has fallfn about eight d<?
prepf in the S&n Joaquin Valley.
Along the coast the temperatures are about
flvo rfeprees below the normal.
Fcp prevails from San Francisco to Eureka.
forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h"urs ending midnight. S 1 ' Timber 22:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
<-!oudy along the coa«; light southerly winds In
"the facramento Valley; light northerly winds
in the Kan Joaquin; brisk westerly winds on
the coast.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday, except
riirudy !n the morning on th<» coatt; fresh eouth
tt-fFt winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
San Francipoo ar.d vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
with fc* in the mornir.g and at night; fresh
pout h west winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
¦ Hops continue firm. Late mall advices
from New York say of the estimated yield:
."Owing to the prevalence e-f mold in Oregon
It is generally conceded that there will be
considerable irregularity to ths quality of the
crop of that State; the estimated yield Is
80.000 to 85,000 bales. The California crop is
estimated at 50,000 bales of average quality
and the yield in Washington Is estimated at
35,000 bales. Advices from up the State re
,ported .strong markets, and prices quoted
.ranged from 24c to 30c, according to quality.
The majority of the advices report considerable
irregularity in quality and the estimated yield
of the State Is generally placed at not more
that 50.000 bales. Lattst cable advices re
ceived from England Indicate that the damage
done by the gale of last week affected the
quality more than the quantity. In a few
Instances, however, estimates of the yield
were reduced slightly and now range from
40(1,000 to 44O.(XM> cwt; the English markets
were reported firm at prices showing advances
during the past couple of days of equal to
about 3c i>ft pound. German cable advic«»
reported firm and advancing markets."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Hea\y Salted
Steers, 0%c: medium. 8%c: light. 8c; Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for lijrht: Stags,
(ic; Salted Kip. SUc; Salted Veal, 9^c;
Salted Calf. IOC; dry Hides. 15©15%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<9
SOc each; short wool, 40jf50c each; rnt-dlum, 70
090c; long wool. $101 50 each: Horse Hides,
Ealt. 52 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium.
$1 25@1 75 for small arid 50c for CoUs; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larce and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c. for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32K>c; dry salted
Mexican, 26c: dry Central American. 32^c.
Goat Skins — Prime Aneoras. 75c: large and
smooth. SOc: medium. 35c; small. SOc.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb-
No. 2, 4@4Xic; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs". 9®
12c; Foothill. 10S12c; Middle County, 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are »s follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. lSft-'Oc; Nevada, 13
©15c: Valley Oregon, fine. 18f?19c; do. medium
17*81 Sc: do. coarse. 16$rl7c per lb.
HOPS — 220r?26c per lb, with a quiet but
firmly held market.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
Flour, steady; No. 2 corn. 46%c; No. 2 yel
low 4S»4c; No 2 white oats. 39c; No. 3 white.
37%®38MiC: No; 2 rye, 54V4@56c; good feed
ing barley. 48@49Uc; fair to choice malting
barley. 52@59c: No. 1 flax seed. 97c; No. 1
Northwestern, fl 01; prime timothy seed, $3 05;
mess pork, per barrel. $12 75013; lard, per
100 pounds. $9 45@9 50; ehort ribs sides
(loose) $9@9 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
6%@6%c; short clear sides (boxed). 8%@9c;
clover, contract grade. $9 76@lO.
Cash quotations were as follows
Hay and Feedstuffs remain as before quoted
and there are no new features.
BRAN— $22«23 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $26 50@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $C6@28 BO; Job
bing $27@27 50: Cocoanut Cake, $21@22,
Corn Meal. $33@33 60; Cracked Corn, *$33 60<fJ
84 50; Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans
$28@30 per ton. •
HAY— Wheat. $11014 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11@13 50; Oat,
$10@13; Wild Oat. $9 60®U 50; Barley. $9011;
Clover. $8 60011; Stock. $8®9; Alfalfa. $9 50@
10 00 per ton.
6TRAW— 35@65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
<12'>th Meridian— Pacific Time )
% BAN FnANXISCO. Sept. 21—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
5 us si S3 *Z I
BTATHSa § |§ ]j| £8 |7 I
I j f f ': I \
F-akcr 30.O0 74 42 NE Clear .00
Camcn 2*».86 82 44 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.04 5R 50 N Foggy .00
r&raUon SO.O.* 67 54 SW Cloudy .<M
Fresno 29. £S ft2 56 NW Clear .00
; FlaestaiT 3O.O4 70 as SW Pt.Cldy .00
: Indtpendenc* .29. S6 84 M SE Clear .OO
;- J-os Angeles.. .1M.J44 76 t» SW Clear .«Xt
MX Tamalpai*.2-.».97 68 €2 W Clear .00
>'orth Head 50
i'hofnix 29. Si) 96 72 S Pt.Cldy .00
Sl'octte'.lo 29. P4 M5 44 S Clear .00
{Portland 30.00 70 CO NW Pt.Cldy .12
ri'oint Reyes. . .29. !«6 r.7 f.2 N Cloudy .<*)
K#>d Bluff 2".t.*4 S*O «it> S Oear .<*)
Howburg 2a.w«» W> f.2 W Clear -O0
Kacramt-nto ..£».KS K2 50 S Clear -O0
Lake 28.86 Mi 52 NW Clear .00
fan Frar.dsco.30.02 «V) 54 W Cloudy .00
San L. Obispo.30.riO 70 M W Clear .00
P?ji Diego 2O.m» 72 en xw Clear .fKl
Seattle 3».Jrt ?:<» f>O NW <"l*ar 1.30
Pp<ikan«> .10. <>4 ««* 44 NW Pt.Oldy .02
Tatooeh 30.iik V? 4<t NW Cloudy .02
.Walla Walla. .21*. w> 7« . r JS SW Pt.Cldy .OO
Winnemucra .2S.P2 80 40 NW Clear .Ort
Vurr.a 29. *0 96 02 SE Clear .00
Chicago was considerably lower and re
ported a featureless market. There was no
change in the local situation.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%o per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light,
15%c for extra, light, 17 %c Cor sugar-cured and
l»Uc for extra sugar-cured; Eastern suftar
cured Hams, 15%c; California Hams, 15%c;
Mess Beef, $11 50@12 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
@12 50; Family. $13 60; prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear. $25; Mess. $2ff: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork, $28: Pigs' Feet. $5 25;
Smoked .Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib for
compound and 10%@10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ii®iii.«c: lu-lb tins, ll)4@ll%c:
5-lb tins, 11 %c; 3-lb tins, U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%.c; three
half barrels, d%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Cloea.
Wheat No 2 —
Fept., new 77% 77% 76% 77
Dec. n«w ..... 79 79% 78% 78%
May 80% 81 80$ 8OV4
Corn No. 2 —
September 40 49 47«i 47%
December 48« 48*6 46% 46T4
May 48V4 48% 47 47
Oats No. 2—
September 36 37% 36 3fl«
December 37% 37% 37 37U
May 38% 38% 38H 38%
Mess Pork, per barret —
September 12 75
October 13 27% 13 35 12 SO 12 87%
May 13 20 13 30 12 90 12 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 9 55 9 60 9 CO 9 50
October 8 15 8 15 7 90 7 85
January 7 15 7 15 6 92% 6 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 9 20. .
October 8 30 9 60 9 80 9 35
January 6 85 tf 85 6 65 6 67%
Elizabeth Hancock (owner) with John O.
Sutton (contractor), architect A. W. Marquis
— Steam heating plant for a seven-story and
basement brick building on N line of Ell's
street 77:6 W of Leavenworth. W 60 by N
137:6; $1820.
Union Trust Company (owners) with Dyer
Bros Golden West Iron Works (contractors),
architect Clinton Day— Constructional steel an>l
castlron work for addition t» building on E
line of Montgomery street. 62:6 N of Po*t.
N CO E 87 :C S 25. W 25. S 25. W 62:«;
$50,800. „
Same owners with Raymond Granite Com
pany (contractors), architect same — Granite
stone work fcr same on same; JlS.Ota
Same owners with Gray Bros, (contractors.
architect same — Pumping, excavation, concrete
work for same on same; $3003
Same owners with O. E. Brady & Son (con
tractors) architect same— Brick work, bond
Iron anchors, iron lintels, terra cotta. fire
proof floors, etc.. for same on eame: $69.S.3.
Mary C Fallon (owner) with John Gornersal
(contractor) architects Shea & Shea— Sewering.
t)lumbir.g and gasfltting for a four-story and
basement frame hotel on X'E corner of Ellis
and Leavenworth streets. E 137:8 by N 137:6;
$1 ?ame owner with Joshua Hendy Machine
Works (contractors), architects same— Wiring
for electric lighting and telephone system bells
and fire alarm gongs for same on Mine; $1500.
H. E. Corbett ( owner) with J. F. Lomgherr
(contractor), architect Phlllpp Schwerdt — AH
work except plumbing, painting, electric work,
mantels, gas fixtures, shades and 'art glass
for a three-story, attic and basement frame
building on N line of O^Farrell street. 109:9'i
E of Steln<T. E 27:6 by N 120; $12,175.
Same owner with James E. Bntt (contrac
tor), architect tame — Plumbing, gasfltting and
sewerins for same; $1568.
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret Radelflnger to Frederick Radel
flnger. lot on W line of FUlmore street, 72 S of
Waller. S 23:9 by W 81:3; gift.
George E. and Emmeline L. Bates to Henry
Feige, lot on 8 line of Clay street. 176:3 E of
Scott. E 30 by S 127:8%; *10.
W. F. and Carrie L. Ambrose to Adolph Gc
ricke, lot on N line of UcAlHster street. 130 E
of Lyon. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles H. Williams to Joshua H. Bloom, lot
on E line of Ashbury street. 85 S of Waller,
S 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Pauline Bellisle to August G. and Kathertne
Wlessmann. lot on S line of Seventeenth street.
110 E of Gflerrero. E 25 by S 90; $10.
Josephine Duane to James Coghlan, lot on
SE corner of Seventh and Sanchez streets, S 79
by E 24:5; $10.
Samuel Cohn to Dora Goldflih (wife of Ben
jamin), lot on NW line or Market street. 2*8
SW of Church. SW 25 by NW 100: $10.
Madison J. and Louise Iversen to Wilfred M.
and Bertha Gourtey. lot on W lino of Alabama
street 110 S of Twenty-first. S 25 by W 100. N
10. E 50. N 15. E «>; $10.
Roswell G. Wheeler to Sarah A. Wneeler. lot
on E Una of Diamond street. 165 S Of Eigh
teenth. S 23 by E 125; gift.
John W. and Francis M. Butler to M. L.
Wicks lot on N line of Green street. 81:8 E ot
Montgomery. E 22:11 by N 63:9; J1O.
Giovanni Banchero to Maria Banchem. lot
on S line of Lombard street. 60 E of Dupont.
E 22:6 S 73:6 to alley 4 feet wide, E 37:6, 3
4. W 40. W 20. N 77:6. subject to right of way
over alley; gift.
Catherine. Maloney to Giuseppe Cadenasno.
lot on S line of Lincoln street. 87:8 W of Tay
lor. W 5O by S 51:3; $10.
Laura J and G*>org» R. Gibson to Sarah M.
R<?I<1en, Luis F. Emilo. Louise A. Iddings and
Charles A Belden (one-fifth each). George F.
Belden and Charles A. Belden. trustee for
George F Belden (one-tenth each) of undivided
Blxth cf the following: Lot on SE line of Mar
ket street. 29O NW of Second. NE 155 :S\i by
SE 155- also lot on SE line of Stevenson street.
448 NE of Second. NE 112 by SE 80; also lot
on SE line of Stevenson street. 240 NE of Sec
ond NE" 10O by SE 80; also lot on SE Una of
Ftevenson street. 80 SW of First, SW 87:6. SE
80. NE 167:6. NW 40. SW SO, NW 40; .
James R. T. and Jane L. Macnamara to
Thomas W. and Christopher C Rivers, lot on
F corner of HarrUon and Langton streets. SW
75 by SE "5; $10.
Annie Coghlan to Frank Coghlan, lot on SE
corner of Nevada and Rhode Island street.s.
S 5O by E ICO; also lot on S line of Nevada
street. 100 E of Rhode Island. E 100 by S 100 ;
*1O.
Frank Coffhlan to Union Surety and Guar
anty Company, same: $10. #
Richard and Minnie A. Pture to Walter 'F.
and Emily I. Price, lot on W line of Missouri
street. 125:0% S of Eighteenth, 9 25 bj W
10O ; $2750.
Henry O. and Estelle Meyer to Jennl* P.
Jonea. lot on N line of Fulton (D> street. 57:6
E of Twenty-eighth, E 50 by N 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Edwin H. Bacon,
lot on S line of II street. 82:3 W of Forty
seventh avenue, W 25 by S 100; $10.
Elbert Meyer to Rose Spencer (wife of Isaac
M.). lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 37:6
N of I street. N 37:6 by W ICO: $10.
Lulu H. Conness tr> Davtd B. Conness, lot
on E line of Twenty-first avenue. 150 3 of J
street. S 50 by E 120: gift.
Martin Weber to John Pitcher, lots 33 anil
34, block B, subdivision of block 19, West End
map 2; also lots 23 to 27. block 18, Lakevlew:
$5.
Secilia Wright tr» City and County of Salt
Francisco, lot on SW line of Fourteenth ave
nue South. 150 NW of L street, NW 32:6 by
SW 10O. lot 3. block 2S9. South San Fran
clfco Homestead: $500.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. (trus
tees estate of Thomas Magee) and F. A. Ma
gee to George T. Clark, lot on NW line of
Buena Vista (Park road>, 11!> NE of Frederick
street, NE 25, NW 125. SW 22:6%. SE 125.
lot 6, block I, Flint Tract; $10.
Estate of Thomas Magee (by Helen C. and
Thomas Magee Jr., executors) to same, same;
$10.
George and Kate Ryan to Georgo W. H. Ash
ton, lot on W line of Holladay street, 5O 3
of Rutledse, S 25 by W 70, lot 3, gift map 3.
Cuneo & Costa: $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons' Investment Company
to Merton H. Cox, lot on SE line, of London
street. 25O NE of Persia avenue. NE 25 by
SK 100. lot 3, block 12. Excelsior Homestead,
$10.
Mary V. Townsend to James Mason, lot en
N corner of Thirteenth avenue and D street.
NW 150 by NE 100, block 242, South San
Francisco Homestead: $10.
Gabriel and Mary Abraham to Margaret
Morse, lot on N line of Ellis st. 87 :« E of
Buchanan. E 25 by N 120: $10.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 21.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 609
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 »0@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages *re as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per ICO lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,' $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. S4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Fa
rina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats bbla, $7 25^3 60; In sacks. $fl 75@<S 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. (5 BO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Weather Report.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 88 15-1U New York Cen. ..123%
Con for account.. 89 Norfolk & Weet.. 03 Vi
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 01
Atchieon 07 Ontario & West.. 27%
D° I>M »2>i Pennsylvania .... 03 U
Bait & Ohio Wfc Rand Mlnes g»
Canadian Pacific. 125 Reading "51W
<-^es & Ohio 32% Do 1st pfd ....'.'. 39
Chi Great West.. 10% Do 2d pfd 34 V.
C. M & St P. ...144 ,Southern Hallway 21%
DeBeers l»ttj Do pfd S7 £
Den &. Rio G Stfe Southern Pacific «'<,
Do pfd 7S .Union Pacific 7514
Erie 27%! Do pfd 88%
Do 1st pfd «7%>u S Steel 18U
Do 2d pfd 50 j Do pfd 70
Illinois Central... 134%* Wabash 20%
Louis & Nash.... 103 j Do pfd 331'i
Mis. Kan & Tex. 10%! ••>•>.*
Bar silver, firm, 27V4d per ounce. Money, 35J
3% per cent. The rate of discount in the open
market for rtort bllla is 3 15-16S4 1-16 per
cent, and for three months' bills 4@>4% per
Money — I Do pfd CS
Call loans 4 <8 5 i West' house Com.. 73
Time loans 5>4ti6 Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 5
Atchlson 4s 99T; Allouez 414
Mexican Cen 4s.. 72 Amalgamated .... 44%
KallroadE — Daly West f. . 3.s%
Atchigon C5 I'ingham ».. 22 (!
Do pfd 7» ••alumet & Hecla.450
BoKton & Albany. 250 'Centennial k;i4
Boston & Maine.. 1C3 |Copper Range.... cs'
Boston Elevated.. 130 .Dominion Coal.... 08%
N V. N H & H..-190'i Franklin «
Fltchburg pfd 134 Isle Rcyale tiU.
Union Pacific 73% Mohawk 40%
Mexican Central.. 10 V Old Dominion .. 7%
Miscellaneous — Osceola 5«L
Amer Sugar 112& I'arrot is%
Do pfd 118 >jlncy 00
Amer Tel & Tel. 130% Santa Fe Copper. l»i
Dominion I & S.. 10 V« Tamarack 90
Maes Electric 79 Trinity «
Do pfd 78 United States I8v«
Lnlted Fiuit 99 Victoria .... •{£
U S Steel 17% Winona '.'.'. 7J4
Adams Con 15 Little Chief 00
Alice 20 Ontario 4 75
Ureece 15 Ophir 170
Brunswick Con ... <* Phoenix OS
Cometock Tun .... 0(5 Potosl 23
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 00 tiierra Nevada ... W>
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopen 20
Leadville Con 02 Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Norf & Weet pfd 88
Ontario & Western. 2.600 21% 21 21%
Pennsylvania 23.700 123 122% 122^
Pittg C C & Et L 62Mi
Trading 36.600 49% i%% 49U
Reading lf=t pfd 77
Reading 24 pfd "
Rock Island Co ... 14,100 26^ 25% 26*
Rock Island Co pfd. 100 62% C2% 6J
St L & S F m pfd 65
St L, & S F 2d pfd 100 43% 48% 48
Ft Louis S W .... 300 14% 14% 14%
St Louis S W pfd. MK) 34% 33?i 34.
St Paul 16,700 140 1883* 139%
St Paul pfd '100 173 173 173
Southern Pacific .. 6.000 42% 42% 42%
Southern Railway. 2.300 21% 20% 21%
Southern Ry pfd... 200 S4% 84% 84%,
Texas & Pacific... 1.600 25% 24% £5%
Tol St L & West... 400 16% 15 16
TolStL&Wpfd 26
Union Pacific 21.000 73^ 72tf 72%
Union Pacific pfd.. BOO 86 86 85ft.
Wabash 20
Wabash pfd 1.300 32% 31% .31%
\V & L Erie * 15
Wisconsin Central.. 100 17 17 17
Wibcon Cen pfd ... 375 33 37% 37
Express Coir.j>anies —
Adams 223
American lb"
Inited States 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop.. 24.9OO 45% 43% 44=S
Am Car & F .... 6.900 26% 24<J 25%
Am Car & F pfd.. SOO 79«i 78% 79*U
Am Linseed Oil ... 100 11 11 10%
Am Llnse*d Oil pfd -5
Am Licomotlve 600 17 16% 16Ti
Am Locomotive pfd Sno 84, S3 83%
Am Sm«-lt & Ref.. 6.800 43 41% 41»i
Am S & Rcf pfd.. 7<X> *»% M>% *»V*
Am Sugar Ref .... 1,400 113 112 113
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.300 75% 70 72
Brooklyn Rap T... 6,800 37'j 3t$ S7%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 42 42 42
CoIumbua&H Coal.. 100 13% 13% 13%
Consolidated Gas .. 100 170 170 109%
Oeneral Electric .. 1.300 153 152 153
Inter Paper 12
Inter Paper pfd **} ,
Inter Pump .... 33%
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Els-ruit 37U
National Lead 100 14 14 13? 4
North American .. COO 74 73 74» 4
Pacific Mail 100 20 20 21
People's Gas 100 S2*i 92% »2%
Pressed Pt»el Car. I.5>00 35% 33% 34
Trfsspd S Car pfd. 400 7SVi 70»4 76Vi
Puhman Pal Car 213
republic 5teel i>.V> O'.i 9 9%
Republic Pteel pfd. 1.4OO 62% 60% C2
Rubber G00.U 100 15% 15% 15%
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2.250 34% 33% . 31Vi
TJ $ Leather 300 7 7 7
r S Leather pfd... '700 77% 77 77%
U S Rubber 10%
T* S Rubber pfd 37%
IT S Steel OS.000 IS 16% 17%
D P St£*l pH .... 12,842 GS% C7«<, «TSVi
Western Union 82-
Total sales 430,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 21.— Bond transactions
of Uniied Railroads of San Francisco; $2000 at
*79 62*4.
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.. 109% Hocking Val 4%s 105
Do coup 110 L & N unlf 4s.. 98%
Do 3s rex ....108%'Manhat con v 43.101%
Do couy '. .lOSVa Mexican Cen 4s. 72%
Do new 4c reg. 135%' Do 1st lnc .... 15«J
Do coup 135% Minn & St L 4s. 9«
Do old -»s res.100% M K & T 4s US
Do couo 110%: Do 2ds 77
Do 5s ree 102Vt N of Mex con 4s. 70
Do coup 102V* N Y Cen en 3%s. 0$
Atehison «*en 4s. 100 N J Cen iren 5s. 128
Do adjust 4a... 90 Northern Pac 4s.l01
Atlantic C X. 4s. 90 Do 3s 70%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l01%'Nor & W con 4s. 9ti%
Do 3%s 02% Ore S L Is&part. 90
Central of Gi 5s.lO5V» Penn conv a%s.. 95%
Do 1st tnc 72 ;Reading gen 4s.. 94%
Ches & Ohio 4«4s.lO2J-iSt L&I M con 5s.lll
Cht & Alton S'^s. 73%'St L & S F tg 4s. 80V1
C B & O *\<-w 4s. 92 ;St L S W luts.. 93
C M&SP gen 4a.lO4 'Seaboard A L 4s. 76
C & X W «-on 7s.l30%'Southern Pa.c 4s. 86%
C R I & P 4s.. 72 Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
Do col as 74 Texas & Pac lsts.114%
CCC&St L teen 4s. 96 Tol Ft L & W 4s. 71%
Chi Terminal 4s. 73 Union Pac 4s.... f>9$4
Con Tobacco 4s.. 56 : Do conv 4s ... 94
Colo & SovtS 4s. 83% V S Steel IM 5s. 24%
Denver & It G 4s. 08% Wabash lsts 114%
Erie prior lien 4s. »«?* Do deb B 67
Do gen 4s 83 W & L Erie 4s.. 84%
Ft W & D C lstg.102% Wiscon Cen 4e... 89
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
HONEY— Comb, new, i2%@13%c for white
and 9@llo.for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 5'4'aC%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, 3H@4&c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Prunes are now coming into prominence as
the leading fruit, ae is usual at this time of
the year when the crop ia coming on the mar
ket. They are jsteadily held by both growers
and packers, and there is apparently no dis
position to make concessions to effect tales.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7<&9%c for Royals
and 96'llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
6@6c; Peaches. 6%@7c; Pears, 6®3c; Nec
tarines, 4©4%o for .white; Figs, white, 4'^©
4%u in boxes; Plums, pitted, 5@7c per Ib.
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2%@3c for the four
sizes: 1902 crop. 2%&2%c for the four sizes,
with %®lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1903 prices are as follows: Two
crown, t>QO'/ 4 c; three-crown, 6Vi@6%c; four
crown, 6«4@7c. •
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12^c; No.
2, 10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2; 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. lOftc for I X U
10V«c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11@
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5(><g5. .
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
CHICAGO, Sept. 21. — The wheat market had
no bullish news from anywhere during -the
greater part of the session. The start was in
fluenced by good weather, weak cables and corn
weakness, December opening with a loes of %@
'^c at 78%c to 7S T /»c. and except for a spurt
during the first hour to 79%c on covering by lo
cal ehorts. the market received but little sup
port and declined steadily under pressure of
long selling until the low mark was reached at
78i*®7»Vic for December. The Northwest.
Southweet and local houses dumped their hold
ings upon the market and etop loss ordera came
out Near the close reports of export buslneE?
frcra the seaboard caused some of the early
tellers to turn buyer* and a little better feeling
resulted. December r'ea«ted,to 78>4Qi789ic, but
with little ehow of strength closed at a loss of
lVi@l%c
Corn opened %<£tl\i>c lower and showed addi
tional weakness as the session advanced. Good
weather in the corn belt was responsible for un
loading by longs, and there was but little sup
port at this point on the way down. The eell-
Ing was general, most of the offerings being
long corn. The country vu also a heavy seller
of both cash and futures. December closed
with a net loso of 2>4c to 46%c, the bottom
price of the day.
Oats sympathized with corn and wheat and
the market was easy and sold off early. Trade
was large and the sentiment was mixed. De
cember closed at 35^ie, a loes of %c.
The demand for October ribs, presumably
from packing-house Interests, was heavy and
that product showed an advance at the close of
15c. The rest of the Hit was weak in sympa
thy with corn, October pork closing 47 %c lower
and lard down 20c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Trading in local stocks and bonds was fair,
but fluctuations were narrow, and the mar
ket wu without feature. Spring Va«cy Water
was weaker at ?S3 50. The oil stocks were
inactive.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Silver Hill Mining
Company, fc; Mcnte Crlsto Oil, lc; Spring
Valley Water. 42c per share, amounting to
$58,MX>. Callforria Fruit Canners" Associa
tion, regular monthly. tiOc per share, amount-
Ing to *17,l(>t 60. California Powder Com
pany, regular monthly, $1 per share, amount
ing to 115,000. ' V
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Sept. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — 1* qr c (new) — — !
4a qr reg... — — 3s qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 6s 111 114
Bay CPC 5s. 104 ItMJ Do con 59.103 105
Cal C G 5s. — — O W C G 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6s — —
m & ct 5s.lO3 — Om C R 6« — —
Cal-st 5« ... — — p ac G Im 4s — — .
C C Wat 6s. — 102% P E Ry 5s.. 110 111.
Ed L & r Os — — p & C R fi« — — '
F&CH6S. — — P&OR es.116 IIS
Gearv-st Oa.. — — Powell-st Cs. — —
HC <t S 5^9 — — S E- G&R 5s — —
II C & S 6e. — — SF 4 SJV 5s — 121
Hon R T 6s. — — S R ef C 6e — —
L A Eleo 5a. — 105 8 P of A 6s
L. A Ry 5s. — — (1909) — 109
L A L Co 6s — — (1810) — —
Do gtd 6«. — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 6a. — . — (1905)Sr A — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1905)Sr B — —
Mkt-et C Cs. — — (100*)- — —
Do lem 5a— 115H (1912) 117 —
NRR of C 6slO«?i — SPC lc;B«. — —
NRC of C 5s — — Do stmpd.107% —
N P C R 6s. — — SPBR6S. — —
N C R 5s... — — B V Wat 6s.lO5^41O6^i
N C P C 5s. — 101% Do Zs 2dm. 33% —
N 8 R 5s...- 99%100tt Do 4* 3dm — 100
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E 6« — —
O T Co 6a.. — — U G ft E to. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — • 50 I Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co ... 00 — 1 Spring Val.. 83% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent h & P. 4^-5 Sac E G * R — —
Equie Gas... — 5H S F G & E.. 67% 68U
Mutual E L. 12% 14 S F Ou ... — —
Pac'G Imp.. — 65 Stock O & C. — —
Pac Lighting — — U G & E.'... — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
SFO4E.. 67*i-68%»\
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 350 /
. BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — — . L P & A ... — 187U
Anglo-Cul . . "— »S Mer Trust . .23O —
Bank ot Cal. — — Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — \ — 8 F Natlonl — —
, First Natlonl — v —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL..— — Sav A L Soo 95 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. — —
: 6 F Sav U. .600 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California '.. 199ft — I Presidio ..'..— 41
Geary — — |
POWDER.
Giant 66% 6H^|Vigorit 4% 5^4
8UGAR.
Hana P Co. 10c 30c Kllauea S C.
Hawaiian C. 45 40% Makawell C. 21% 22
Honokaa S C 13% 14 Onomea 8 C. 33 84
Hutch SPC 13V* 14 Paauhau S C 16% 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.154%155% Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. 95 06 Pac A V A.. 2*1
Cal Wine As. 96% — Pac C Borax. —
Morning Session.
Board —
15 California-street Railroad 200 CO
20 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 45 25
15 Spring Valley Water M 50
.$8000 Cal Cent Gas & Elect B per cent-103 00
$1000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5 per cent. 115 25
$2000 North Shore 5 per cent 99. SO
i $1000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 00
$7000 Spring Val 4s bonds (ZX mtge)..10O 00
Street —
00 S F Gas & Elect, trustees' cert. 63 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board — . --
60 Alaska Packers' Association 155 OO
5 Alaska Packers' Association 155 25
10 California-street Railroad 200 OO
5*> Giant Powder Con 66 00
40 Honokaa Co. b 5 14 OO
100 Honokaa Co 13 87%
50 Hutchinson S P Co.. 13 50
40 Paauhau S P Co 16 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 16 87%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co «8 OO
30 Spring Valley Water, 83 50
$2000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 OO
$5000 S P of C 6s bonds (1912) 117 23
Street —
10 California-street Railroad ...... 200 00
$5000 Spring Val 4s bonds (2d mtge)...10O 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked
Caribcu Oil Co 1 00 1 io
Four OH 67 go
Hanford Oil 130 OO 140 OO
Home Oil 00 05 !
Imperial Oil 19 00 |
Independence Oil 17. 19
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern OH 5 OO
Lion OU (a 04
Monte Crlsto Oil 74 80
Monarch Oil 53 . 5«
Oil City Petroleum 2» 30
Peerless Oil 14 00
Reed Crude Oil 44
San Joaquin Oil V 5 50 ....
Sterling OH 2 75
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 s OO
Twenty-eight Oil W OO 4 40
Union Oil 68 OO
United Petroleum 100 00
West Shore Oil 2 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 30 1 75
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 8S 00 05 00
! American District Tel
: Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas & Electric
California Cotton Mills 88 00
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder
California Shipping Co 25 OO
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25
City and County Bank .....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 25 .....
Eattem Dynamite
E wa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust
Northern, Cal Power 850 950
Nevuda National Bank
North Shore Railroad 9 OO
Orpb*.um Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel V. 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00
Postal Device & Imp
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sausalito Land & Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 SO 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electrfc 15 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas & Electric 34 50 ......
Western Fish Co
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
400 Reld^Crude Oil 45
;500 Occidental Oil l;»
100 Home Oil. b 90 80
100 Home Oil 87%
Afternoon Session.
200 Occidental Oil 19
300 Reed Crude Oil 44
20O Shamrock OU 39
30 Shamrock Oil 37
2C0«i Junction Oil 2O
ICO Caribou Oil ~ 105
200 Home Oil 87%,
100 Home OU 90
Fair trading in local Stocks and Bonds. ; >¦
Silver makes a sharp advance of i^c.
A ezv York stock market quiet and practically unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet, with lower futures.
Oats steadily held, Corn easy and Rye firm.
Hay and Feed stuffs as before quoted.
Beans active and firm, with shorts looking for supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quiet at prrjinus quotations.
Primes steadily held by both growers and packers.
Provisions lower at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Hops firm. Hides and Wool as before quoted.
A T o further change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Turpentine marked up 2C per gallon.
Potatoes in heavy receipt and Onions also plentiful
Poultry and Game cleaning up zvell and firm.
Four cars of Cranberries due in a feiv days.
Fresh Fruits in good supply and rather quiet.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes-
Mornlnr Session.
10OO Esperanza (Xif 10O Rescue • 1ft
10O M.i.-Namara „ 16 10ft Tbn & Cal... 27
10O Pine Grove .. 60 moo North 8tar .. 40
100 Pine Grove .. 61 .100 North Star .. 41
200 Pine. Grove .. W 2CO North Star .. 43
Afternoon Session.
C200 Esperania ... 03 SCO Ton & Cal ... 27
10O Gipsy Queen . 26 J*v> North Star .. 37
2OO MacN'amara . 17 20O North Star .. !W
30O Pine Grove . «n 20O North Star .. 3»
10«> Resell* CO 200 North Star .. 40
200 Rescue 10 50O North Star .. 41
10O Ton Belrr.ont.l 50 100 North Star .. U
2C0 Ton & Oal... 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Sept. 21 — 4 p. tn.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07|Ladjr .Wash.. — M
Alta 05 07; Justice OS 10
Andes It 15 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 25 20 Mexican 1 CO 1 05
Best & Belch. — 1 &0 Occidental ... S3 34
Bullion 09 lOOphlr 170 175
Caledonia ... S3 W) Overman .... .23 25
ChalengeCon. 32 34 Potosl 22 23
Chollar 22 Zi Savago 2* 23
Confidence ... 80 90! Scorpion 02 04
Con Cal & Va.l 43 1 50 Seg Balcher.. 10 U
Con Imperial. O* 03' Sierra Nevada fr* «3
Con New York 16 — Fllver Hill 62 6-1
CrownPotnt.. 14 151 St Louis 18 18
,Eureka Con... 40 BOPyndicato . .. . — Ort
Exchequer ... CD 11 Union Con.... 74 75
Gould & Cur. 2S 29|Utah 1^ 15
Hale & Norc. 50 52 Yellow Jacket 50 51
Julia 03 Ml
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. t Bld.Ask.
Colehan 17 23 Ton Belmont.l 40 1 R5
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ton & Cal 25 27
Eula Con — Oj Ton of Nev. . — 7 2T»
Gold Mt Con. — 10 Ton N Star... Sfl —
Lucky T Con. — 10 Ton Midway.. 42 S»>
Mont Ton SS HO United Ton.. 08 15
Pine Grove... 59 — lUtopia — fco
Rescue GO 10i
Invoice. 6«4c. Futures closed steady, BjJ15
points lower. Sales wer« 22,500 bags, includ
ing: October. 4.35o; November, 4.SJ0@4.45c;
D«cember. 4.6O@4.70c; January, ! 4.80©4.85e;
June, 6.10@5«15c.
SUGAR— 4dW, firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinued quiet and without material change.
Common are- quoted at 4@&c; prime, '5Vi@5H c ;
choice, 6€«%c; fancy. 6%©7%c
PRUNES — Spot prunes held firm and a fair
jobbing demand is reported. Quotations range
from 3^4@7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are rather quiet, de/nand being
moderate, but holder* ar» firm. Choice. 9Vi<8>
9%c; extra choice. 9%@10%c; fancy. 10ft@ 12c.
PEACHES— Steady; choice, "H®7%c; extra
choice. 7t*'SSV*c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 13& $1 13V4 $1 13% $1 13U,
OATS — Dealers quote previous prices, with
a moderately active and firmly held market.
On Change 2SO tona No. 1 red was auctioned
off for account of whom it may concern at
$1 22%@1 27%.
White, $1 20®l 32H: Black. $1 45®1 C5;
Red fl 20©l 22Vs for common and $1 25@1 33
for choice; Gray, $1 2"Vj per ctl. .
CORN — The market remains as before quoted
and Western descriptions continue easy, with
almost dally receipts from that quarter.
Western, sacked. $1 42>4@'l 45 tor Yellow.
$1 42H for White and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 50@l 55: small round
do. $1 70@l 75: White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE — In demand and- firm at ¦ $1 2591 30
per ctl. . .
BUCKWHEAT— 52 25<g2 60 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 13tf fl 13% $1 12T6 $1 13
2 p. m. Session.
Feed, $1 12tt©l 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20®l 25; Chevalier, $1 W®1 50 tor fair to
choice. ' ,
FUTURES. '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open- High. Low. Close.
December ..$142 $142 $1 41% $1 41%
BARLEY — The market vru quiet and fea
tureless, with a decline in futures.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 41 $1 42^4 $i 41 $1 42
2 p. m. Session.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
FUTURES,
California Cub. $1 4501 52H; California
White Australian. $1 5501 «0; Northern Club.
$1 46@1 50; Northern Blue Stem. $1 6501 57fc;
Oregon Valley. $1 62»,4.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower. The
world's shipments for the week were as fol
lows, in quarters: Russian, 603.000; Argen
tine, 37.000; Indian. 127.000. The American
viaible supply Increased 1.761,000 bushels
Chicago declined. The fine weather increased
the bearish sentiment and caused selling.
A decline in futures was the only change
In this market.
Wheat and Other Grains.
STOCK MARKET.
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 61
EASTERN.
Corn, ctla 600/
PRUNES — CO-jICSc per crate and 50c per box.
P.EACHES — Small boxes. 50@75c; carrier*.
60® 75c: large open boxes, 60@75c; per ton, $20
@25 for Salways.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c for small boxes
and $2$2 M for large. *
GRAPES — Seedless. 60@75c per box or crate:
Isabella, 00075c per crate: other varieties. 35®
60c for small boxes; 50@75e for crates and 6O0
S?$l for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, S2O@
25 per ton for Zinfandel. .
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 25JJ2 50 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, 60c@$l per box; Wa
termelons, lOfg^Oc each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50©3 for fan
cy Valenclas. $1 75<ft2 25 for choice and *1 250
1 50 for standard: Seedlings. $13:1 25: Lemor.o.
$1@3 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 75©2 25; Mex
ican Limes, $8§8 50; Bananas, nominal; Pine
apples, . $2&3 jjor dozen.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per ib.
" APPLES— 90c@$t 25 per box for fancy, 80®
85c for good to choice and 25@40c for com
mon.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25@1 50; winter varie
ties. 40©75c per box.
QUINCES — JC@eOc per box.
FIGS— 50c@$l per box, according to size of
box.
were sold below the quotations. Citrus and
tropical Fruits were quiet and featureless.
Offerings of Berriea were liberal and included
some Raspberries and Strawberries that ar
rived late on Saturday. The demand was fair
and choice lots cleaned up quickly at steady
prices. There are 4 cars of Cape Cod Cran
berries on the way to this market, two of
whloh will be due Saturday and two on the
following Monday. They are selling to ar
rive at *9 per barrel.
STRAWBERRIES — $2@3 per chest for Ma
llndas and $4<g'3 for other large varieties;
Longworths, $4@7 per chest.
'RASPBERRIES— $436 per cheat.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 50 per chest for or
dinary and $5(fT5 50 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
-Sterling: Exchange,' sight ' — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gg
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — " 10
Silver, per ounce — . 59
Mexican Dollars, ¦ nominal — 45%
THE SAN FBANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver made a sharp advance of l%c. Ex
change remained undisturbed. •
Sterling; Exchange, sixty days.... — f 4 83
CLEVELAND, O-. Sept. 21.— Senator Hanna
said to-day that there was no truth In the
report that he would resign th« chairmanship
of the National Republican CommltUe on ac
cnitnt cvf IJ1 health.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Flour, ar ska . .50,703. Wool, bales .... f»3
Wheat, ctla ¦....12.960 Feed, sks ....... 8»
Barley, ctls ... .IO.OIOi Shorts, ska 200
Oats, ctls ...... 3,245 Rye, ctla .. 460
Corn, ctls 310 Tallow, ctla .... 232
Beans, sks 3.227 Pelts. No 505
Potatoes, sks ...10.S50 Hides, No M6
Onions, ska .". . • 740j leather, . rolls . . -44
Bran, sks 1,W)« ( Wine, gals . . . ..29,200
Middlings, sks... 74S Chicory., bbl» ... .45
Hay,; tons V. ... 777 Lime, bbla .... 5)1
Straw, tons .... 2." Sugar, ctls .... ¦ 440
Hn™. . ba,les K! .
FOR MONDAY. SKPT. 21.
Receipts of Produce.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe fe fe
AUCTION SALE of horses, harness, wagon*.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 23. at 11 a. n» AfTOta
Horse Uarket. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOtL&.
auctioneer. ¦ „
/V_ Just arrived and trill be sold at auction,
A-t£ IT good WORK and DRIVING HORSES,
also a lot of surreys, express wagons, rubber-
tire buggies and carts, and 11 sets of stnglo
and double harness, at 1140 Folsom st. TUE3-
PAT. September 22. at 11 a. m. : ..-»-•-.'THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
12
DON'T YOU LIKE YOUR BOARDING-HOUSE?
In houses which we advertise they serve rich milk and cream.
The bread is always fresh and light, the pastry Is a dream.
The meats are good and other things of course you'll find to please,
And you will have a sunny room wherein to take your ease.
So If you want to make a change there la no doubt at all
You will be more than satisfied through Want Ads of The Call.
HELP WAXTED-.MALE — Cow.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agcy.
429 Bush st ft42 Clay *»t.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborer*, Oolconda, Nevada $2
1C0 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada *'-
10O laborers. Reno, Nevada $-
100 laborers. Beowawe. Nevada ?-
Board, * t SO week.
Absolutely free fare Offlce fee $1
Muckers, tunnelmen, laborers. Martn Co..
$2 25.
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL.
ABOVE.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO. CAI-
Rockmen. laborers. $2 25, $2 5O.
Special rate fare $2 SO.
5 /juartz miners, single and double handed.
$3 a shift. Shasta County: 20 fruit pickers.
$1, $1 15 day: 50 tunnelmen. rockmen. team-
sters and laborers, city and near city. $2.
$2 50: milker and wife. $50; 10 farmers,
milkers, stablemen and others. $25, $50; out-
side salesman, grocery wholesale house, $100.
Marker "• and distributor, country. $13 50
week; all around laundryman. $40; washer,
country laundry, best of wages; cook anil
helper. $75; « cooks, city and country. $40.
$60: oystermen. pantrymen, porters, kttehen
hands, pot and dish washers, bell and ele-
vator boys, others, $15, $45.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agency.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
BARBERS — For sale, good paying 2-chair shop
with or without outfit, cheap. 501 Castro st.
.WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 acd 35;
good character; must ttpeak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
ln all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United Apply at recruiting offlce. 4©
Ellis Et., San Francisco, Cal.; 222Vs N. Main
et.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st., Sacra-
mento. Cal. *
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department:
one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying: good salary to
right party: state age. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly conflden-
tial. Box 4323.. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed RoIIcln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 48S Parrott building.
GOOD 3-chair barber shop* for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE, 12 East San Fernando St..
San Jose. Cal.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 28 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
STRONG boy (18> to help on wagon and around
horses. Box 4326. Call offlce.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE &. CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
ERRAND boy with cood ' recommendation—
ROGERSON'S. 533 Valencia st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid while
I learning. 611 Commercial st.
COATMAKERS wanted; $24 per week: steady
work all through the year. Apply 27 Geary.
PENSION atty. E. A, Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition ln S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. S5c night: reading- rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL. sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission. St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Misslcn St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fllimore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l»ncla i»t.
HORSES AKD WAGOXJS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San FrancUco.
FOR sale — At Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st..
cheap saddle and large brood mare.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030*.
Call offlce.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey. harness, work.drlving horses. 15th- Valencia
. .
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st. •
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LEI.
A— PRINTED l'.st of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. IL UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES an_ flats to let; aXammense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save ycu time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
VAN NESS ave., 2106. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms: rent $70.
EEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES TO LET — FtUMSIIED.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fur.
mod. house; piano; furnace ;refs. 3511 Jackson.
OAK. 41i> — Elegantly furnished house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths: lar~» rarden: grand view.
iwroB-L-Tioar waittep. j
INFORMATION wanted of J. M. NEW by bis
wife In Oakland. Cal.
_______________
LOST — Sept. I. bulldog; color brlndle; white
chest and feet; ears and tall cut; collar and
license; answers to name "Major" or "Kid";
$10 reward. 1310 Baker St.. near Geary.
LOST — Sept. 20, Zinkand's cafe, lady's hand-
bag, containing gold watch, diamond setting
and fob; name Inside; rewd. 230 Moot., r. 61.
LOST— Sept. N 21, lady's gold watch; initials
(*. S. on case: 4' small chip diamonds. 3973
¦ Twenty-flf th st. ; reward.
LOST — Gold bracelet, bet. 2-3 p. m. Monday,
bet. Emporium, Van Ness;rewd. 14C6 Guerro.
COCKER spaniel (male); white spot on chest;
license No. 3212. Appl" 511 Taylor; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY BUTTIMER, No. 15&-41S.
The finder will j)lease return to bank.
LOST— White female fox terrier; one eye black
and tan; answers name Daisy. Return and
receive liberal reward. 1134 McAllister »t.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 "Sutter St.. needs old
• gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDIC Atl.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st. j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
n-.a'.e troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C8H Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price .$2 00 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. 6' DON NE LI— -All who are sick or
ln trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
e.l; advice free. Offlce. 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
ln obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief-
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. experj
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— ReUable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom gt.. corner
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive ©race.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
. original method of treatment.' 1120 Market st"
DR. NG^TOY KEE. 311) Powell ut.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILL1.VEKV.
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-Uay and to-morrow; Imported *ai
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Peat st.
MISCKLLAMOUUS— Kqh _AXbI
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; ln rolls easy to lay
need* no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or Khlnjles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market kt
2D-HD. machinery, boiler-, engines, pumps
pulleys, shafting., etc.. etc., bought, mold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday nac«ra
H. S. WHITE M'CHY CO.. 130-132 BealVst.'
A— Fine suits. $7 CO; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Mlsflt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
1 near Bush; cp.n to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE — Con.
WANTED— Cook. American family, little
wash. $35; French cook. $30; •' 3 German
cooks. $30. $35 with and without washing;
2 parlor maids ' $25 $30; 5 second girls. $20,
$25; 4 nureeg'lrla, ' $20 $25; chambermaid,
$20; 4 waitresses for restaurant. $7 a week,;
6 chambermaids and waiting $20, $25, city
and country; 2 tray girls, sanitarium. $20.
$25; coolOand second girl, game house, $35,
$25; 4 housework girls American families,
$.30. $35; companion, old lady. $25; seam-
stress. $5 a week; nurse for invalid. $25: 4-i
general housework girls city and country,
$20. $23. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. 3TJ4 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to cure ostrich feathers.
MULLER & RAAS CO.. 617 Mission st.
GIRLS wanted: box department. Mutual L. &
L. Co., 2d _ Bryant. Eryant-st. entrance.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 515 -Valencia at.
WANTED — Girls to rack cards. NE. cor.
Eighth and Brannon sts. J *
AVANTED^Spice labeler; give experl«no«. Box
4-16. iCall oftlcc. ___
W'ANTED— An experienced waitress; wages
$25. Hotel Mlramar. 703 Geary st.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 47S Parrott building.
A FINISHER on pants; steady work. 38
Geary, room 33.
APPRENTICES and errand girl at dressmak-
ing; paid while learning. 330 0'Fanrell gt.
WANTED — Errand girl at 1111 Van Neos ave.,
and can learn dressmaking.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1344
Eddy *t.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
A NURSE who wishes to take up a business
position. Box 1772, Call offlce.
PANTS finisher. 622 Clay st., room 18A.
BRIGHT, apprentice for dressmaking; must
sew; paid. 720 Bush st., near Powell.
GIRLS about 16 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS. 100~Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt, cloak. sleeve
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5, office 59,
Columbian building, 918 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisemenu and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at lOat)
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED — 31ALB,
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA AND UTAH. "
FREE FARE.
\ RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND REXO.
8. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
199 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Daily On AH Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Aro You?
91 section hands, all parts of California,
Coast lino and Western division.^
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Fare Advanced.
5 lumber pliers. $35 a month and board.
5 laborers. $35 a month and board.
We Advance the Fare.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fallers, $60 a month and board.
2 buckers. $50 a month** and board.
2 lookouts. $40 a month and board.
2 waterbucks, $40 a month and board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED. \
5 coal miners. GO-foot vein, $1 a ton; we ship
Monday and Tuesday.
: THRESHING MACHINE CREW.
4 hoedowns, $2 50 a day and board.
4 teamsters. $1 CO a day and board. .
6 pitchers $1 50 a day and board.
FREE FARE.
'CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
MARRIED vineyard man; choreman, private
place. $30 and found; 3 farmers and wives,
$40. $C0 and $55 and found; man about place
and care for dogs. $.1i> and found; 2 sheep-
herders, $30 and found; 4 ranch teamsters,
$1 25 day and board; boy to learn trade:
lineman for donkey, $70 and board; 6 fruit
pickers, $1 15 day and board; coopers;
woodchoppers, $1 60 and $2 75 cord; la-
borers for mill and woods. $40 and board; 2
milkers $2 50 day. and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. <J2S Sacramento st.
COOK and wife, $C5 and found; hotel second
cook country, $50 and found; young man
for bath house. ?:tO; second oyater and lunch
man, $45 and board; bell boy, $15 and
found; dishwasher for Institution. $25 to $30
and found; waiter for resort, fare paid, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sac-
ramento st^ _____________
ANDRE'S ofllce. 317 Stockton et.
Head gardener, private place near city, -»n>
to $50; man and wife to take care of coun-
try residence. $35 found; kitchen boy, $1.>
and found; boy to learn oyster trade. 515
and found; waiter, country hotel. *.5_and
found; waiter, hotel, plain. $.0; 2 dish-
washers. $.'i0; kitchen hand, $40; etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery st.,
room 12: cook, mining camp. $uO; choreman.
$25: elevator boy. ?-_0; Janitor and wire, *.A);
bell boy, $15. .
WANTED— Capable and experienced book-
keeper and collector for Alaska; middle-aged
married man preferred; muM'be sober, steady
and industrious; salary $125: surety bond re-
quired. Address, giving references and full
particulars, box 1G12, Call office.
WANTED— Young man, single, with experience
in electrical work, for station man; $50 ptr
month and board; for country. Apply room
510 Rlalto building, before nocn.
WHY pay big pricts to have your shoes half-
BOled jvhen you can fret It done for 25c, 50c
,and (Hie. \-fhlle you wait afOta Mission St.,
bet. Ut and 2d sts. or U Third st. ¦
FEEDERS wanted with some experience on
printing-press or folding box press. Mutual
L. and L. Co., Second and Bryant ets., Bry-
arit-htreet entrance.
WANTED— A boy 16 years old. Apply at
tailoring department, S. N. WOOD & CO.;
740 'Market st. "
GOOD, well dressed canvassers wanted on spe-
cial money malcinjc proposition. . Call 320
Sansome st,. room 11. '
ERRAND boy residing with parents. Call, 7:30
a. m. SIEVEUS & BOLAND. Florists, 33
POSt St.' y.,;V.v;-r ¦
TR-Y our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 .".0 pair; foot-form shoes at J2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — A porter and an oyster man. 212
O'Farrell £t. /v_ ; •
STEADY, reliable Germnn, tending bar; gentr-
ally useful. Wlnehouae.,35 City Hall square.
BOY wanted that has some experience in bak-
cry. Apply at 853 Bryant gt. ¦
WANTED— A man to work. Apply 8 a. m.,
Twenty-fifth and Folsom rte.
WANTED— Steady shoemaker for, first-class re-
pair work. Box 1C11. Call offlce. -¦.;*'*,
AN offer wanted for a barber shop established
10 years: 2 chairs; receipts over $100 a month.
WEUSKORO & MURRY. 75 Third et.
WANTED — Young man to work in liquor store.
Call after 10 a. m., 400 Halght st. :
DISHWASHER wanted small restaurant. $15
per month and found. 2723 Sutter at. '
¦WANTED — A; young' man to drive "• butcher
wagon, laio Flllmore st.
ELEVATOR hoy wanted. 29 Stockton et.
BOY to work ln a bajceshop. 612 Kearny st.
COMPETENT dUhwasher. . 612 Kearny at.
BASTERS on coats wanted; steady work and
good pay for the right- people. Apply S. N.
WOOD — CO.. 27 Geary »t. ¦ '
BARBER trade taught free at 647 Commercial
street.
DRUG clerk wanted. Apply box .337,," Call cf-
- flee. '
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY, '
l'hone Main SS4S. 634 and 636 Clay rt.
Leading employment and labor agents.
Offlce half a block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant w© publish a
"Free" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a.m.; also noon and even-
ing editions; get one free; German. Italian,
French, Spanish, Portuguese and. Greek
spoken. x
This Is what
Made us famous.
We know, no distinction between Man and
Man.
You are: all equal.
You are all welcome.
45,000 men work. §0,000 men work.
To-day We Ship Ffee to
Nevada. Ariiona.
Oregon, _o S Angeles.
Hawaiian Islands. Willits, Ukiah and all
points en S. P. and Santa Fe.
North, East and South.
Raj road help of every description, Including
drillers, hammer and corner men, muckers.
w^t r er"'$i?i4f t l3 r .%2 bI a aC d k a S ?! tth8 ' "*
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay »t.
CARPKNTERS.
o- __.„ CARPENTERS.
$f)0 u carpenter8 » free fa re. boss her«,
25 house and plain carpenters, free fare, bosi
here, J90 up.
fl carpenters, 8 hours, near city. $4 day
lb parpenters, large company, fare $1 *9O
ji'J carpenters, electric power trust. $90
_0 carpenters, Cume work, $90.
16 ranch carpenters. $3 day.
i MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay gt.
EUREKA.
__ , _ EUREKA.
«5 tin b ° rers - no experience required. $2 to
¦js— ol> day.
SPfcial board, etc, $18 month,
e* . }\ Goo<1 Lumber- Company.
Steady Jobs, cost you only $2 50 to get there
MURRAY A READY.
I 634 and 636 Clay st.
S AWMI LLS — WOODS
IX 4 STATES.
t«3- laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found
10« mill yard men. J50 to $150.
365 woodchoppers.
.„ , 2S7 tlemakers. 0
™m C Ia " eB ° r exDerienced men for woods.
£!>"% et _v-« rom * 50 - * co - * 70 - * 8 °. * 9< >. $100
¦fjj.i to 5150 month
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay st.
$75-$75.
W'AGES.
iitit-i , . »"5— $75.
155 track layers 2 and 4 hqr.e teamsters.
or?wa^nen. t" tncK axmcn or rIght *
155 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers etc $S2 50
FOR THE
M^£2 D ~ WorWwide ln lts operations.
rOMl < vv~? Ur ? ased 73 ' 000 acres timber
e£c1 -'and in Butte County. Going to
EniTrf. ? e / actor i e a. costing $1,500,000;
citv tov ' now _ layln * out a new modern
city. Take our advice. Go work for them;
cost you only $1 fee, fare $2 80-
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
' „¦"£££_ GOLD. SILVER.
?«i T-h COPPER. COAL. MINES.
r?»n- ?_ a!1 over CaNfornla, no expe-
*75 $82^50 y ° U> Je ' f yOU WlU 8Ult -? 60k
$75 mlner8 ' tlmb « nnen an <l muckers. $90. $82,
00 coal miners, $3 to $5 day
QUARRIES. r ' tu-WELSl
19JT drillers, hammersmen. $90, $85 $75.
265 laborers, you will suit, $60, $75
MURRAY & READT,
* 634-636 Clay st.
$1 FEE. j fl FARE
Fruit V$37 60 found. " ' Fruit
Picking \ 830 found " Picking
To-day. $34 found. To-day.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go coma
back with $80 to $120. We ship north,
cast, south: also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
TU0L.UMNE COUNTY.
ISO sawmill and woods laborers $2 to $3
day.\
TO EL DORADO COUNTY. •
• 65 more laborers about mill, fare paid $45
found.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysvllle. Chlco, Placervllle.
156 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and 6ther help you go, $S2 50 $75,
$67 50. "
WAREHOUSE WORK.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $3 day.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber. $60.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
104 teamsters., laborers etc., free fare.
$07 50.
SPECIAL— SHORT HOURS.
16 laborers, 55c fare. 9 hours' work. $67 50.
NEW JOB— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
65 laborets anybody can do it. fare $1, $60.
ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$80, $G7.
S. P. S. P.
S. P. S. P.
On every train we ship hundreds of men
for great Southern Pacific Company all over
the state; extra gangs and section hands;
also other help. ¦ •
FREE FARE.
FACTORY WORK.
12 laborers you will sutt. fare 50c, $12 wk.
CT> laborers, "special electric railroad, near
citv $C7 '50. '
" - RESERVOIR WORK.
J>6 teamsters, laborers. fare. $1 20, $60,
5 " " h FREE FARE.
26 laborers, only 14 miles away, $12 found.
16 track men, near city. ?2 25 day.
lf.5 Iron men splkers and track laborers. $¦ 5.
16 laborers gold mine, southeast, $82 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon, $3 to $5 day.
MANUFACTURING— FARE PAID;
26 laborers, not far away, you 11 suit, $6. 50.
THIS IS IT.
20 men to pile lumber: j-ou can do it, $S2 50.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
fit tunnel men $S2 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $30. $35, $40. $60.
S70. $80 and found.
Pigs' feet shaver. $2 25 day; handy man with
knife. $2 25.
3 meat cutters. $15 week. __._
Best Wages at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best places at 634 and 630 Clay st.
~ BOARD YOURSELVES.
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians: new work.
155 Austrians or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians: new work.
MURRAY & READY, 6.T4-636 Clay tt.
' FREE FARE
TO-DAY— HUMBOLDT CO. — TO-DAY.
55 Italians. Spaniards. Mexicans. Portuguese,
Greeks. Slavonians. AustrJasus. etc., as labor-
ers for big lumber company. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
190 farm.' orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
S 15 and found.
S8 milkers, butter-makers. $-"0, $35. S40 M.
]">G harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
»iS choremen. coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 end found.
lb stablemen, city and country. S30 to $45 fd.
S'J men for brick yard*. $3T» to $S0 fcund.
MURRAY & READY.
63l-G:SG Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks. • hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. S-'IO to 570 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
10 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, C?4-e36 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
S slack coorers. 9c; 2 lathers, .<2 50 per M.
Boxmaker, $2 25 day; 8 cabinetmakers,
¦i^jtoft sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
, 2 men. liulld fences, ranch. 50c fare. $40 M.
Blacksmith helper, lumber CO., fare pald<
Machinist helper, lumber co.. fare paid, $2 25.
S6 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many hel*pers, all over California, $50,
$00, $70. $fi0. S90 and found.
Deckhand freight- handlers.
IX5CATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city aiul country,
some factories, mills, warehous :*•(=, excavat-
ing, buildlne. etc.. many In San Frnneiso.
lots to board . home. $2. $2 25. $2 50. $2 75
day: if6 carmen and furnace men, $G7 and $75i
3563 positions not advertised.
COME — STCE.
Best places at MURRAY & READY'S,
Biggest wages at 034-63C Clay st.
WATCHMAKER wanted; an exDerlenced man.
who understands/ fine and complicated
watches. XV. K.-> Vanderslice Comwiny.
. ' . ____! 1
DISHWASHER wanted at 434 Fifth et.
BOY about 15 years old for men'» -furnishing
store. . 424 Kearny st.
GOOD .waiter. 1S5 Fourth St.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
; ¦ new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 233 3d st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; must be sold;
cheap." 660 Folsom st. •
BARBERS — Good shop for sale. Apply D. B.
, RICHARDS. 14 Sanaome st.. room 6O. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $.1 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st., ! Exam., bldg., 5 doors from Market;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sunday*.
BARBER shop for sale; Commercial Hotel shop
:¦; In Stockton. • Particulars, apply J. M. HART,
433 East Main st.. Stockton..
WANTED-^3 laborers; pick and shovel. 11th
ave. and N et. South; Kentucky-st. can.
EMPLOYMBPfT 1VAXTED — >I A LE.
POSITION wanted by unincumbered, healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid-
ower as companion to invalid or others on
land or sea : jruardian. custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F..
P. O. box 21C3, §an Francisco, Cal.
A YOUNG trustworthy man, Just ever from
Switzerland, with some knowledge of the
English language, wishes work of any kind;
private place preferred. Box 4342. Call.
MAN and wife would like positions as care-
takers of ranch or country place or work on
ranch: experienced; moderate wares. Ad-
dress W. K.. 435'i Fulton st.
WANTED — Situation as man about privata
place; Knglish: care of horses and garden.
J.' M., box 4344. Call office.
UNION barber, a man of 250, speaking German
and English, sober and steady, wishes eit-
u-ition in city or country. Address Barber,
l'J25 Polk. .
STABLEMAN; aged man wants steady Job
"caring for S to 20 work horses. Write or see
from 10 to 12 J. C. IULEY, corner Sixteenth
ar.d De Haro Bts^ '
A POSITION by a thoroughly competent lum-
berman as foreman to take charge of yard;
city or country; best of references. Box
176*0. Call office.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Bos 4144. Call offlce.
A REFINED old gentleman desires a position
as companion. Box 1278. Call offlce.
AH LOY. Chinese boy, wants Job of kitchen
help, wash dishes; about $6 to $7 week. 641
California Bt ; tel. Red 1620.
JAPANESE first-class cook v,-ants placa In
good family. 832 Clay St.. rear. OaJtland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
FINANCIAL.
4~PER CENT~TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON - CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building.
San Fraccleco. Cal.
A SAX FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive ln every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security If required. Address box
12S3. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
ft., on the square.
NOE. 1056. cor. Elizabeth— A new C-room flat;
all modern improvements; convenient to Cas.
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
able. I
AT park entrance; 2 new flats; modern in every
particular; all-night car?: low rent now; pret-
tiest spot in city. 743 Eighth ave.
GROVE, 731 — Upper flat 5 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults^
TURK, 121S — Bay window, sunny lower flat;
windows all around: 3 rooms, $12.
ELEGANT sunny up. cor. flat: 6 rooms, bath.
3 Merritt. Apply 4602 ISth, W. of Castro.
$3S — MODERN upper flat, tf rooms; all new'.y
decorated. 2110 Devisadero st.
FINEST new flat in Panhandle district: 7 sun-
ny rooms. 138 Bellevue St., near Halght.
2 ELEGANT new flat^ 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and S35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
HAYES. 1703 — Sunny upper flat 4 rooms; near
park entrance; $16; water free,
TO let— NW. cor. McAllister and FUlraore;
7 rooms with 5 bay windows; rent $55.
Upper flat 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range, bath; reasonable. 2311 Jackson st.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and S new light
tunny rooms; modern; up-to-date; rent reas.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
. FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT, 2 F_ATS;
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished flat; 8 or 10 wjoms; $25
to $30 rent; cost $225 to $235; betV4th and
Oth. Market and Folsom. Box 4343/ Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Antique furniture; sofas, easy
chairs, bedsteads and lounces. 22 and 31
M lesion Bt.
~~ FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 11C5 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.: tel. Larkln. :16.'U. O'U Ellis.
HBLI' WASTED 1<'_31AL1_.
COOK to do housework for 2 gentlemen ln city,
$30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, near
Powell gt.
A— WANTED — Girls, to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to _
In 'Z weeks; $0 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 pit week up; leading sscnool in
West. 233 Geary it., room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdrcssing
trade; 'manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
/K — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish ln 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneiies Co.. Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES, Z2V, FREMONT ST. AND 1873
..MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — By a single lady as companion "in
-^mall town, a girl between 7 and 10 years;
¦p^d hotr.e, school," etc. Address box 1729,
Can. office.
CHOCOLATE dipper 'wanted; must be experi-
enced; Pteady work, good wasen. Call Weil-
nesday morning. B. J. BAUM. 1144 Howard.
6ECOXD girl; French or Italian preferred;
references required; wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary gt.. bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
GIRL wanted to do housework and plain
cooking; German preferred. Apply bet. 2 and
5 o'clock at 1139 Folsom st.
GIRL wanted to do cooking and general house-
work; -.small family; wages $25. 2599 How-
ard et. , ' - v
GIRL for cooking and assist housework: good
wages. Apply to-day 2307 Broadway, near
Flllmore at. . s
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners; steady work; good pay
O. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 597 Mission at.
MISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE: — Con.
a St SO DERBT and f-s-lora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hattsrs. 33.1 Kearny St.. Maf
Pine: open till » P- m. Sunday to noon.
-7 BU t« sells or rents gear mnchtnery. er.-
7ln_ trl%rs water pip?, shafting, pulley,,
etc . WIl'lTELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TRY our men's shoes at *1 and SI 5» ml-:
foot-'orm shoos at f3 5O : «« pay express
charges. 11 3d E * am - bl *' : cat *'°*- fr " '•
vi'tvJPiPEP routs for sale: fine chano* f-r
MfeWK A. LARS..N.
1715 PaclflcjL^J^™^ .
roii fp_ etiffinos. 2d-ha:id machinery, lie IX-
% 'oSH - &MA.V MS-1--7 Fremont si.
At ETJGIXE lfixC-J, alide valv<». 03 _ood a a
new*; tS»a»n.__yMtc«»ce box scvi. S. F.
\ FIVE 4%,-camt perfect white dlamcnd at *
bargain. 10 Slxth^st^ ;
SAFES— New anJ second-hand. THE IEB"
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-4-; Sacramento »t.
A JULES JL'RGKNSEX re P eatln «
watch; very reasonable. 10 S.xth st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargalni
10 Sixth st. ___
MOVING pictures, magic lantern, *ale rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post »t.
i \ttt vs fit Dif- and fltting!-: -Cll sizes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sens slides, iixi
Montgomery st.
S \FEd New ar.d second-hand. E. B. BECK
"& CO.. 1S2# Market «t.
All bargains :camp stools and chalrs^.ammocks.
metal beda, mattresses. J.F. Hotter.. 12 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies ipovln;
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. Ooo Mxt.
GASOLINE engine", automobiles and launches.
all %izes. J. E. DOAK. ¦'.6 Fremont at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
misck lu.m:uvs wasts.
WANTED — Second-hand wood working m*'"
chinery. Address box 4o45. Call office.
BOOKS and librarlea bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phor.e Jessla 3741. or postal.
T1LTOX wants good second-hand clothing an«_
theatrical goods. 154 Oth gt. : tel. Jessie 23.11.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; seed postal.
25 Stockton st. : phor.e Hush 43-*.
~~~ MOXBY TO LUAA.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
COt-'l-J-CO:; Kxamlner building.
Qjlck ¦ettlemtnta; no disappoinrment.
Save expenses by dealing- directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided la-
tereata 1» property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and planes without
removal; to salaried people en their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates: best terms: quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employe* and teachers. The Natlora: Credit
Co., r. t'8-C» Donohoe tld.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY rescectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, »t
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. K4 1 *
Mar ke t st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business ir»
48 principal cities. Tolman. 55.T Parrott bM?.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO S'.O.OOO.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their n-jts.
THE TOUSLKT CO ..143 Pheian bldg.
MONEY to Han on low Interest: jro!d. silver,
diamonds rearis and precicuj ston^* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 S:xth 9^
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. W. LICK.
1000 Mntual Savings Bank bldg.. 7Cs Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. VV.
MILLER, room 74. f.frh fioor. Chronicle Mflt
GOLDEN Gate Loan O.T.ce. 10 Sixth St.. ke »p»
open Tuesday. Jewish New Year.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room SI. C, Eddy st.. flocr 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry U per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Back. 3."--* Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyominsr lcar.a money t-»
salaried employes. R.;ill. Mutual SaT.B—tlit
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
Indn-ser. MORRFTX. *"fr> Fmm!^T ».?<!?.
ARE NOT THESE EAHGAIN3?
Sherman _ Hyde u*pri_ht $117
Filsher «%
Singer ltJ
2 Stelnways $165 30>»
2 Chickerlngs S5 139
2 Heir.es 237 3S3
Rents. S2 up, apply on purchaat; instail-
mects, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-2T7 Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped bv hi;!: clasd East-
ern manufacturers will be told at actual cost
to save return of frelzht. 237 Geary •_,
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 'J. \~ Geary st.
WE rent the best piano in the city for $3 p»r
month; a few fine on«3 for $-1 50; 6 months)
rental allov.ed en purchase price. Something
new — the Scott Curtaz "Bijou," a little
btauty with a' big tone. Will go through th«
smallest doorway. For rent or for sale. The
"McFhall" p'ano: a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for th«
money on the coast. 8ome*bic bargains tn
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piano
Co., 56O-f.2-e* Hayes St.; tel.. Fell 5761.
> YOU Jo not take any chances when buying
ff>m' as. Our methods are well known to b»»
open and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads," Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or 110 sale. Call and see largs
assortment of new and used Instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
, ket st.
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up. including
such makes as Mason & Hamtln. Vose.
Sterling. Marshall _ Wendell. Fischer. Klrk-
mann. Carlitt. Weser, Pease. Kohler & Chas*
and many others: easy payments. BenJ. Cur-
taz _ Son. 16 O'Farrell: no branches ln S. T.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered ln Saa
Framlsco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terma at once. KOHLEH
„ CHASE. Established l;>50. 30 O^Farrell.
BAND Instruments ; F. Besson. Farts, maker.
Gus Malwaid.Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1630 Market »t.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrall.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and test in America—Tun Weehily
Call, lti pages, sent to any address in th»
United St<>tfn cr ra—dit nrte year for St.
PIANOS A.\D OHGA.NS.
PAKT cJ cur list ot bargain, la second-hand
p_nos for September. 1U&J:
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC —
Walnut case, medium slxe. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest dtsign, good con-
dition *330 $225
8 EMER3ONS —
Two ln walnut cases and one In
oak. email size, carved panels,
three pedals, 7 1-3 "octaves, fine con-
dition, each 373 223
1 FISCHER—
Matrtgany case. largs size. • 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot b« told from a
new p!ano 373 223
1 RICHMOND —
Mahogany case. large size, latest
•tyle. three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
manUolla attachment, almcst new.. 300 240
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
•winglcg music rack, thoroughly ""
renovated and equal to new 3JO 230
1 E.STET-
Walnut case, medium slie. T 1-3
octaves ln good condition 4.00 2.0
1 BRUENN— _ f.
Walnut ••aff. cabinet grand. 7 1-3
octaWs. thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 430 2RO
\ Complete list furnished on application ae
our etore. SHEHMAN'. CLAY Jfc CO..
C"rn»r K»s»rnv sn<1 fTntt« r «f».
PMVSIC1AXS AND S\JU«.h:u.\i.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL- -6tflcT7nd~rMide^cT
1021 Vj Market at., bet. Sl_th and Seventh. '
BLOOD, skin and rectal d'seasea a specialty
DR. BALL. 1071^ Market st P^'aJiX-
REMOVED— DR. WO.\O~HIM. herb doctor-
treat* all diseases of the human body for
p ** t J°f r c^^* at 115 - m Ma «">; now lo!
cated at 66. Geary at., nearj^aveaworth
DR. TO.NQ PO CHY. .uccees^Tto Dr U-Po
TaJ. herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tens. 727 W a3 hi-T«»"°t n
WONG WOO, th« famous herb doctor— AH dlT
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-3 Clay it
CA* FRAXC1SCO CALL. |
BITEIXESS OFFICE of the San Fr-unclsco
Ca.ll. corner Market and Tislrd rtreets; open
until 12 o'clock every r.lcht in the year.
I5RAN<_H OFFICES— 527 Montane: y street.
cct'.ier Clar. or* 1 :-! until 0:30 p. m
'-P0 Hayes ctreet; cpen until H:3'J p- w-
t;."'.« MeAl'.iEter street; open until £>:S0 t>. in.
' CIS Larkin street; oiM?n until 8:20 p. ra.
13>1 M:_ion fctrtct; cpen until lu u. m.
_X1 Market street, corner SUtescth; open j
KCUI 9 p. m.
Kb Eleventh etreet; open until :1 ». m-
;Of>G Valencia str^t; open until 9 p. m.
Xcrtheaet ccrner Church and EKincan streets; 1
cp«_ until 9 p. m.
KcotbWHt curncr cf Twenty-second a_d Ken-
tucky street*: cpen until 8 p. m.
Fi:i:ncre ftreet; cren until 9 p. ra.
blUlZTlSa NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. U-. fi_.
will meet THIS (TUISSDAT) EVCN-YV
ING. Sept. 22. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. /V\
d«-r:«t. Uy order ot the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. SeereUry-
WiLDES «;_te L-jdge No. 30. K. and A. JJ 1
M.— <--!lcd meeting THIS (TCKSDAY) "V>T '
EVENING at 7 o'clock.. Third degree. /V\ :
H; order of W. M. !
EDWIN L. METES, Secretary.^
OP.IENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. » <
M. -Third deKr^e THIS (Tl'ESUAY) VV j
EV_NlXtI at 7:30 o'clock. /V^
A. S. lil'BHAHD. S^or^t— r;-. j
.vTJxiCE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF j
THE 6ECUR1TV ¦ SAVINGS BANK-
Nctfc* !« hereby given. In mrs_a.nc«
cf a resolution of the Beard of
Pirectoi-s of the Security Savings Hank. -, ,
rcrporatlon organized and exlatiog under the j
Js-rs of ihe State ot California, passed and j
flficpted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July, j
1903. at a regular meeti££_pf t&'.i Ecard. duly \
h.flu at Nunibcr 222 Montgomery stretj, la its |
C:t> arid County of San Francisco, in tn« I
ftate cf California, the same being the prin- |
c:pa! clace of business of _aid corporation. 1
the Security Savings Bank, and at the build- !
i_g where the Bean! of Directors of *aid :
corporation usually meet, t_at a meeting of j
the stockholders cf eaid corporation, the >
•Fecurtty Savings Bank. Is hereby called for, t
c::d will be held at Number ___ Montgomery ;
ttreet. ln taid City and County of San Fran-
<.:sco. ihe fame being the principal place o' j
business cf «ld oorroraticn, and being at j
'¦he bulldlr.g where the Board of Directors ot ,
••eld corporation usually meet, on Wednesday,
the 23rd Cay of September. 11KM. at the hour
of three o'clock ln th» afternoon of said day. ]
for the purpose of considering, deciding and
acting upon the proposition to Increase the ;
ttplu! etock of said corporation, the Security ;
Ssvlnps Bunk, and to Increase It to the
amount cf Or.e Million Dollars. The amount ;
i:> which it Is proposed to increase the said J
i-pttil stock is One Million Dollar*. By
1 rder cf the Board of Directors. Dated. July
:i:h. 1803. FRED W. KAY.
Secretary of the Security Savlnps Bank. j
AGu.Viii WASTED. j
AOENTS— A new meney-maker. F. PERSON,
477 acd 47S Parrott building.
ATVOU— B V S- A.T-L. AW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Qu'.ck.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
\VJ2 Market et.. offices 1. 2. a. 4 and 8.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unl«?s« the adver- j
!;&ement bays "Attorney at Law" % the party j
adverti-Ring is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
-. ..' COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY I
P.m. S5. »:(> Market; tel. Red tl$; bad ten-
**5ts ejected speedily and reasonably; collec- j
tlons attended tc: attachment!": corporations j
organized : civil and criminal practice.
BOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
urn. €11; all casef. damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
:rce; no advene^ cjiarges; call cr write;
fver.'r.gs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
Al'VICE free— I will advar.ee cost in meritorl- i
< us raser, divcrcts, prcbate and all ether law j
ttses: no fws in advance; open every even- *
:rjj. J. M. THURSTON. S13 Market si. r. 31.
L P. CLAr.'C. Kir.ma Spreckelf h\£g.. 927 Mar-
krt St.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
AITKHN A- AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 303-10- ll".
_£.ur.ie bldg.. 503 California ft.: tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law bu^inefs. W. V.'. Davidson. S»27 Market, j
ADVICE lr»e; all rates: open evenings. M. L. j
TITAN. Market at., ocr. Stockton.
MVOniT-ffftf. $12; quick, quiet; cpen even- \
'res. O'-T Market ft.. ro->m .T01. j
niRDS. DO_$.J£_»C. I
Vul'XO talking parrots. $5 *-ach;German singing ]
ranarie*:, $2: we win try to please you; every- j
thim in em !ir,<? at rlsrht piie^s. 154** Market.
BCSt-ESS CHANCES.
FOR sale— Furniture, carpets and good will of
¦ r.ew lirick apartment-house of 173 rooms,
in the city's et\?ll<et locality: partly fur- j
r.ished and although j-j«t opened is over half
filled with regular tenants already: long
!'_**•: if you want an apartment-house dor.'t
fail to eft particulars cf this at ruoms H04- !
I4CS. Call building.
Tt» LEASE. ~~ "
<^n Meson st.. adjoining the "Poodle Dog-."
a fine mo<1»-rn rocminc-house of 105 rooms,
ur.dei. consti uct«;n. but almost finished: 50
einjrle itoaw ard .'„". baths: great location;
rcaeoimble rent: a sure money winpor if run"!
m ih* r.pht plan. Freck _ Co.. W7 Market.
EfTTESSEN REALTY CO., "
IQ3S Market st Phone Folrom 3olg.
Srn«. h-jy« and exchanges city and country
real estate, hotel?, roaming-houses, flats.
ieFtaurar.t«. baki»rie!=. groceries, etc.; in- (
' f ur«nw placed; loans made.
•Juick sales and fair profits our motto.
BAKERY- Fine location in Hio Vista; good
hakor will do well. Address PAX Me- !
GttACGH. R:o Vitta. Cal. '
WILL soil cheap; r;ood restaurant: fine location: !
kafe: low r*r.t: no reasonable offer re-
f-wedanort go East;no agents. Box 1757. Call.
DELICATESSEN or restaurant for talel 1103 I
AI«sfion et. ;
WAFFLE wagon for pale; cheap. Apply at
KB! Fotom f_
OTSTEB-HOUfiS, 13d Scvmth st.; good busi-
nes>: must he soil on acccunt of sickness.
I lR^T-CLAJ-'S saloon with 4 rooms and 5
yars' iejf-; oh*-ar> rent. Box ltd. Call.
EyUATOR Roadhouse; good paying house; j
nock, fixtures, furniture, 4 rooms; stable. |
flicds. _ood cor. lot. M ft. front: good place i
to make gcod money: this business will be
•"¦¦Id '.j emmb. bsl. on oasy payments on ac- I
< ouut death Take San Mateo cars, get off
«-ounty line; only one fare: call to-day.
APVERTIPEP. wants R men with $5C(K> each
to enlarge old p.«tabli.«hcd. highly profitable
¦nholetale business; ovtr 10 per cent per an-
rum guaranteed. Bex 17S3, Call offlce.
t'75 — Extraordinary bargain: ne« for yourself •
rt«aurant. 2a chairs; clears ?!00 to $150 mo
'\i-HTn R<-»liy <o.. u>)7'^ Market, room 1.
•M'tf-— RESTAURANT: half interest: on water
front an-1 the b-n there. D. McRAE FUR-
NITUKE CO.. K29 Mission et.
fiCO — BAKERY ln Monterey: good business- 2
hordes, 2 -«va_-cns. all appliances for bakery.
Apply M. B. SMITH. Mont?rey. Cal.
FOR BALE — An inside route on this paper.
Trr particulars apply at office.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and #ubi><~rlptlon»
received et Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call
l« papes. In wrapper, for maiUni**;. Jl per vear
United Prates or Canada one year for 51.
POU SALK. ~
loo ROOM8; house for men; rent $140. . ..$4000
F8 *room»; south of Market; rent $100.. 2O00
24 room*; corner; part cash; bal. easy, fso
11 rcoms; good tnccme; rent' $20....". sso
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. «50
?2» rcoir.s ; coed lease: low rent esoo !
•57 rrrn.; apartment*; Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned et 1 Der cent.
Hotels, roadhouse*. flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny gt.
CI-XIIOI'ODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. SO G-ary— AH
ailments of the feet cured; corn-, bunions, etc. j
COLLECTIOX OKFICI.S.
UAD tenants pjfeted for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION 1
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms »-10; tel .ViW '
! ¦ •' ! i
SPIRITUALISM.
1IME. TOUNO'S convincing test circle t.i-
nspht. 10c. €19 McAllister. AM private reai-
ir.gb daily at "CO Central ave.. near Web-lcr
rt.. Alameda. :
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVa_N*B, the U.
mcub -psychic; etarnp for circular, llli Eddy
tt . near Octavla.
MRS. HARLAND'6 circles evenings; to-nlRht,
1'V: readings daily: ladles 50c. 14a sixth st.
KATIE HEfSSMANN: circle to-nijrht. 25c;
sittings dally. 1000 Harrison et.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. ELIZABETH HOLMES, trance medium.
517 McAllister: readings daily;clrcle to-night.
MXS. EBERHARDT'f? cpfritual test meeting
to-nisht. t» o'clock gharp. 10c. 22d st.
W. G. KEEGAN boIdR test seances erery night
¦rscept Sat., lute; sit.; 10 to 5. 14S Sixth gt.
mwARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings _a!ly,
C:30 to i: .eances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYA.NTS.
ATTKXTIOX—T* 1 * 9 1 $T $f $1 $1
My regular $•'$ readings this week for
$1 SI $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first rtgSstered Trance Clairvoyant and
VaMn'.st ever ln Ssn Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly asree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your nam«. oc-
; cupaticn and what you called for; I promise to
teil you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
Is ttxe or false; I tell you whom and when
you will marry: In fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can
tell yourself; I improve your character so that
you ivUl reach the highest possible develop-
ment !n mental vigor, health, happiness and
¦ capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to S p. m. ; gunday. 2 to S. 328 O'Farrell.
MME. M. BERnTrD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
! neatly Jocated at 17 Third st.. n?xt Examiner
blof. ; she reads j our life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals ths
present happenings and portrays events to
i occur in th« future: if you are in trouble, dls-
I contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love cr business troubles, consult this
pr?at tr.ed'.um and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
1 of life; 25c up; •atfsfactlon fruarant?ed ; read-
I ingg by mall. Tel. Black 4SC9.
! ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Ft., cct. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satlsfac-
t tcry as ln person; 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce.
¦\Vells-F_rEO money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader. lx?rn with a double veil and sec-
rr.d eight: tells th» j:ast. present and future;
ladies. 50c; tents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and cloirvr.ysnt fitting; $1 CO. ]2« Turk ft.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
rard reader, wiil give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time on'.y; when others fail try ma to
convinc- ymntlt. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
1 A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 0 4th st.. near Market.
• MISS "WAHD. high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 25c. g?nts 50c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. _?nts 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth et.
ilMICWALTKU*?. great c-rd reader; ladies 25c.
gents 5Cc. :>0I Mifeion st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2(^2 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
1 MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; 6it-
tlr.g« daily. 44SU Jessie «t.. txt. 5th and Cth.
-CAiitPKT HUATIXC AAU CLEAX1XO.
ATRT^L>inpTctbt;cl. dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning corpets, en
flocr Without removal cr injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 5237.
! WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
send for EPACLDING'S Pioneer Carp«t-beat-
icg Works. :C5-C37 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1803 Har-
rison st.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPXE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating-
mattresses made over. 1132 Howard ;South 218
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet -beating works; prices
rt-»on.ble. 1703 Harrison St. ; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Goldon Gate ave.: Mephone Eatt 12ft.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
trade* 1 : old ptates made over like new; teetb
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set:all wort: painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set t.-*«th SI 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; co
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free. :
New York DentlKts. 0G9 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
DHESsSSIAKERS A\D SUAMSTRESSKS
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
¦ — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst _ knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEINCi AAD CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dve Works. 3915 Sacramento; phona
for wagon. Wes:t 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
KUUCATlOXAXr.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Pest, S.
F. — Bookkeeping-, shorthand, touch typing,
languaEce, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions ; tllus. catalogue free.
KAN FF.ANCISCO Business College, 123« Mar-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years: ' Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, mest readable. Actual business
bookkeeping: typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special eummer course in all depart-
ments: handson-.e catalogue free; life scholar-
sbip, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
gradu8t'-s; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Wr^le for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of i
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's cla«.et are now cpen for ths season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the" university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelaii bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.'mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S&4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PRIVATE lessens given to pupils behind in
"Kramnmr 1 srrade work. Further particulars.
address box 1779, Call offlce.
— —
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 GMden Gat-
ave.; full business course: day ana :
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'S. 424 Pine et... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon,nr.6th.
ChicHgo litisinesE College. 1435 Market, nr. lOlh. '
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookpg.. $S ir.i,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post _t.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — OIU'HKUM Employment Offlce — Japanesc-
Chlntse help. 42<! Powell. Tel. .Main 5732.
A-^OHAXD Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 115
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS: expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Stung'e, 411 »j O'Farrell; tel. Eaat 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce:all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51feb.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
t-ni'U>l MFAT W.V.NTl-lJ PEMALB.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a position to
do general housework and cooking; city or
country: no portals. Call 1111 Baker St., bet.
Sutter and Post.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires position as house-
k<-cptr; tine manager and good cook; city
only. Address 1011 Mission st,
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work for
1 or % ladles; sleeo home. Box A, Call
branch. 3(V» Hayes* et.
AN Eastern widow with one child wishes posl-
tion an housekeeper; country preferred. Box
J00T4. Call.
A REFINED American girl wants position as
ercond siil in small family; references. Box
1610. Call.
I A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a. place for
i St-neral housework. Inquire lo_o Clay st.
SWEDISH girl wishes easy~place as eecond
girl. 10U Carolina et., near Twenty-third.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes sit-
uation rs working housekeeper: neat' and re-
liable; no objection to country. Address
Housekeeper, 10W Leaven worth et.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wants work by the
day. Address 1021 Sanchez Ft. -
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Earaar. 633 McAllister st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch ofHce. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED—MALE.
WANTED— A position as traveling salesman*
can furnish best of references. Address A
II. BKCK. care Brooklyn Hotel. _ v ;\
•CUTTER and practical tailor; 15 years' ex^
pc-rler.ee; good reference. Box 1347, .Call.
YOUNG man. German, wishes a ponltlon of
any kind; city or country'. Box ICOtf, Call.NEWBUKO. N. T.. 8«pt. M. — TT»« Oov
ernor to-day refused to commute tae death
sentence of the. three Van Wormer brothers
for the murder of their uncle, Peter Btlleo
bok of Columbia County.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 21.— Mrs. Joseph Po
veollch, residing at, 1021 Buena Vista
street, reported this evening that while
she was absent from her home It was
robbed of $40 and a revolver and set on
nre. . Chief F. K. Krauth of the fire de
partment found a smoldering fire In one
of the rooms, but has not yet satisfied
himself . bow the blaze originated. The
police will investigate the matter.
Mysterious; House Fire.
ALAMEDA. Sept. a.— J. O. Osborne. re
cently elected to a principalship In tho
school department, was to-day assigned
to the Wilson School. The principal of
that school. Clinton E. Miller, was trans
ferred to the Mastick School.
New Principal Isr Assigned.
OAKLAND, ' Sept. . 21.— Ldm Kee, a
wealthy Chinese of San Leandro, disap
peared last Tuesday, and has not yet been
located. He Is the owner of. a Chinese
laundry in San Leandro and supplies help
to the fruit and vegetable ranchers In the
vicinity. At the time of his disappear
ance he had over 100 men In his employ,
all of whom will lose considerable money
should he fail to return. When last seen
he was boarding a train for Contra Costa
County.
Wealthy Chinese Disappears.
John McFarland Receives Painful
Wound as Result of Premature
Explosion.
BERKELEY, Sept. 21.— John McFarland
of San Pablo avenue, foreman o£ a gang
of men working on the Improvement to
Walnut street, between Rose and Berry
man, was painfully Injured this morn
ing by the premature explosion of a
charge of dynamite with, which ha was
blowing up ¦om© rocks. Th» flying rock
struck him on the arm and so badly lace
rated the flesh that It required several
stitches to close the wounds.
McFarland had a narrow escape from
being killed, as he was leaning on the rock
at the moment the dynamite exploded.
The cause of the premature discharge of
the explosive is unknown,
DYNAMITE TEARS FLESH
OF WORKINGMAN'S ARM
OAKLAND. Sept. 21.-Q. K. Hughes,
who lives near Twenty-second and Myr
tle Streets, claims that he was stopped
last Saturday night while on his way
home by two footpads, who knocked him
down and went through his pockets, and
when they could find ' no money, beat
him Into insensibility.' -"':•'
He was found by two boys, Charles
Johns and St. John,. and carried by them
to his home, where his Injuries were
dressed. "He received a deep gash on
the head from some blunt instrument In
the hands .of the robbers. <;V;-"V
G. K. Hughes Knocked Senseless
With Blackjack Because He
Had No Money.
TWO FOOTPADS WAYLAY
AND BEAT PEDESTRIAN
Coughlin was taken to a doctor, where
his wound was dressed and he will soon
be all right
LIVERMORE. Sept. 2L— Patrick Cough
lin, the night watchman here, was severe
ly cut last night by an Italian named
Joseph Bonnettl. The Italian had been
on a spree and had been ejected from
Marclel Lassellie's saloon. He attempted
to re-enter the place .and the night
watchman was called. "While he was try-
Ing to persuade the Italian to go home.
Bonnettl drew a knife and slashed
Coughlin on the neck, just missing fha"
jugular. He then ran away, but was
pursued and finally captured and locked
up. "
Drunken Italian Attempts to Use
Knife on Patrick Coughlin
at Livermore.
NIGHT WATCHMAN HAS
A PIERCE ENCOUNTER
Monday, September 21
Seattle Jame " DoIlar « Thw lng. . 81 hours rrom
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr James Dollar— Sept 21 5 -4ft n ™
24 miles NW of Point Reyes, passed stSr
Francis H Legsett. from Astoria for San Fran
Cisco, with the log raft In tow; raft was in
apparently good condition. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BAN DIEOO— Arrived Sept 21— Brig Tanner
from Redondo. «""«r,
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Humboldt
for Skagway. j . TOmi>
MENDOCINO— Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Phoe
nix, for San Francisco. . .
Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Pasadena," from Ran
Pedro. _ o»u
— Arrived Sept 21— Schr Wm H
Smith, from San Diego.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Santa Monica, ' for San
Francisco. ; Sept 21— fitmr Chehali*. for San
i Francisco.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
OAKLAND, Sept. 21.— The Board of
Education to-night adopted the report of
Its special committee favorable to the
holding of a district school bond election
on the question of an Issue of $365,000 in
bonds for new sites and buildings and ad
ditions to present school structures
Director John D. Isaacs, as chairman of
the committee, announced that a. meet
ing would shortly be held with the spe
cial bond committee of the City Council
to determine the .time for holding the
ejection. The report of the committee as
adopted to-night has heretofore been
made public . . ,
Issue of $965,000 for Sites
. and Buildings. I is
BOARD 0E EDUCATION
VOTES FOR BONDING
Adopts Beport Which Calls for an
Way back In the '90'a the Southern Pa
cific made a similar attempt to seize the
large area of land and drove a similar
line of piles in the same place. These,
however, were pulled up by Governor Par
dee, then Mayor of Oakland, as it was al
leged the company was shutting off tho
city from the bay.
The fact that the Government .'dredgers
are now filling In this land possibly ac
counts for the present action of the com
pany, as it will save much money in the
completion of the filling of the property.
George W. Dornln, president of the City
Council, stated last night that the city of
ficials were not sure Just what move the
Southern Pacific was contemplating, but
that its actions would be Investigated.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has again commenced operations to re
claim the vast stretch of tide land be
tween the retaining wall of the Oakland
estuary and the- broad gauge mole.
A line of sheathed piles has been driven
during the last two days from the end
of the estuary retaining wall out into the
bay for about a mile, which if extended
would join the broad gauge mole at about
Its middle.
On the tide land, for which this line
of piles completes the fourth boundary,
the dredgers now at work for the Govern
ment deepening the estuary are by means
of their patent suction pumps dumping
their mud and debris. The area of land
back of the Southern Pacific line of piles
and' which the company seems to be con
templating laying claim to will soon be
filled, or partially filled In, by the debris
the dredgers are now dumping Into It
The land Inclosed by the company's
piles is tide land, and at full tide Is cov
ered by but little water.
As the Southern Pacific owns all the
land , fronting on the bay between the
harbor entrance and the broad gauge
mole It will, thus acquire a vast area cap
able of being: readily filled in for a mile
and a quarter east and west and a mile
and a half north and south. When the
land Is filled In the area will embrace
over 1000 acres of valuable terminal land,
which In years to come would be worth a
large sum of money to the company pro
viding it can establish a valid title to the
land. ' <
Oakland Office San F1-anclsco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 2L
Southern Pacific Trying
to Lay Claim to Water
RAILROAD WANTS
MUCH TIDE LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 22, 1903.
13
! k ~_ a l, STAT^~~ CITV '~j!Q. R .. S A LE ' !
j $1200 — House. 5 rooms; barn well; macadam. ,
1 $350 — Lot 40ilC0 ; fenced; $10 month. ;
J45O— Cabin. 1" room; lot 32x125; nr. station.
*->K> — Lot 4'.'Xi;ij; near electric cars.
$1100— Modern cottage 5 rooms and bath; |
I city water; lot MxIOO; $i50 cash, $25 monthly.
J2CO0 — Two-etory house; store and 11 rooms:
I city water and well; broad street; macadam- I
izf-d. ;
fir.ro — 5-room cottage; redwood finish; elec-
j trie lights; hot and cold water; easy payments. I
' (21><j0 — A natural park of about 1 acre, with :
fire oak trees. ra\ - lne and superb views; near j
university grounds and new hotel site. :
$2500 — Two-story. 9-room house, barn, ehlek-
| en s-neds>. well, truit tr^et; grazing land ad-
joining: lot 155x207- easy payments.
CHAS. A. I3AILEY. 105(1 University ave..
near San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT. 3
¦ FLATS. LOT 25x114: IS* CLIPPER ST.
6EE OWNER ON PREMISES.
i BARGAIN— Two handsome new residences of
•5 roon-.s and bath: sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular: Nos. !>66 and 90S
Clayton ft., near Golden Gate Park; price
| (3100 and T5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
i & SONS. 114 Montgomery st^
j $1500— 2 NEW fiats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
near MlsFion: will pay 20 per cent on lnvest-
ment. L>. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv and part lot at C per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker buildlr.A
FOR sale— House 8 rms.; high basement; aunnj
fide 13th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no rea*.
effer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlop-sq. Mkt. j
MARKET and Dolores— 75x80 'feet, unlm-
\ proved. See owner's sign on premises.
j TO LKAFIv — General farm. 100 Acres. In Con-
tra Costa Co. Box 37. Lafayette. Cal.
KEA£ ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
TO lease at Lakeville. Sonoma County, 163
acres of good farming land. 20 acres In wine
¦ fTiipts; C-room house, barn, stable, windmill,
plenty of water; all well fenced. Apply at
111 Hayes st.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chlcken-houseF. water: reasonable; chickens,
<luck«. R. S. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch. 22 acres; full bearing; lm-
rrovements; Y x prunes, i-i nprleots, Vi i
peaches; trees 10 vears old. For partlcu- i
lars. A., J. McCOY. Campbell. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market ft.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1 10 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
| POINT RICHWOW1 REAL ESTATE.
! WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts; j
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg. j
j PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
' FOR sale, or will exchange for train land,
Eacramento or San Joaquln counties pre-
ferred, a $3300 stock of general merchandise,
groceries and provisions; also the Store build-
ing, barn and dwelllnc if desired: value
fr.0OO. Afldreag box 4S. Fairfleld. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE].
JCBT WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR. '
A PRETJY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Bui-rounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
. Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
- — —»» .^>^... —
FOR rent — A furnished cottage of 5 large
rooms, large grounds; all modern conven-
iences; 1 block from Bay station, broad
gauge. Apply 1536 St. Charles st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP.
S-rootn house; city water; sewered ; lot 44x
125; convenient to street cars and station; prlco
$S50.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. / Lorin.
THIS IS A BEAUTY. ~~ " ' ~~
New 7-room house, bath, patent toilet, sta-
tionary tubs, decorated ceilings; street work
done; price $3C00; terms will be made to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays. Lorin.
[ LOOK AT THIS! ¦— — — .
New 6-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary
. tubs; large lot; close to street cars and sta-
; tlon: price J1900; terms, $150 cash, balance
same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
' CHEXETj & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
J 10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to $300; in-
• stallments.
, One acre cheap; North Berkeley; $1500.
t House 6 rooms and bath; east of TelegraDh*
lot 60x120; $2250. *~*
1 Will build to suit on Parker ave. near
Grove, and sell on installment.
' e00 feet on water front and railroad West
. Berkeley, for sale; just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
• P. O. Block. Berkeley.
$2300 — NEW 8-room house; Adeline station.
- J25fiO — New 5-room cottage near Grove st.
I $3000 — New 7-room house; North Berkeley.
$::<:<*> — New 8-room house; ShattucTt ave.
• $."{."50 — New 6-room house; near Telegraph.
$3C>00 — New 8-room house; North Berkeley.
$8000— House of 2 fiats and cottage; iavest-
; ment property.
; E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center st.
i FRUITVALEADVERTISEMENTS
l -
¦ FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
I J3200— MODERN cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
high basement; barn, tank and windmill -
family orchard; lot 60x140. Inquire on prem-
j ises, first house on Fremont ave., off East
Fpurtccnth st., Frultvalfe. C. Q. DANNET.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
; OFFICE, 1118 2R0ADWAY.
- OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
: S. M. DODGE & SON.
: 1160 BROADWAY.
[ WEBSTER ST.
j $S0OO — Thoroughly up to date residence. 9
rooms and bath; nearly new; cove cell-
• ings; combination fixtures; 50x150; ft
blocks from narrow gauge station,
1 $2500 — Splendid bungalow in Berkeley; near
• station; 0 rooms and bath; terms If de-
eired.
\ TWENTY-THIRD. NEAR TELEGRAPH.
r $2050 — Very neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
reception hall, cove ceilings, sanitary
plumbing; nice basement and' attic: lot
30x106; well-kept lawn.
: • BARGAIN,
$22 per foot — Fine Grove-st. lot, 60x125; near
. Fortieth st.; easily worth $23 per foot
to-day.
Free conveyance to view properties. Call
• or write- for souvenir postal cards, set of four,
• free for asking.
I B. M. DODGE & SON. "
1160 Broadway.
J Also agents for the Realty Syndicate Prop-
. cities and 0 per cent Interest bearing cer-
• tlflcatea. .'I.-'i ;¦
. $5 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
CHEAP LOTS. . BUILDING LOTS AND
r HOME LOTS FOR THE MILLION!!! In iust
the locality you wish them in; climate, soli
! and view superb; away from the raw winds
I of the bay. the view of which is sufficient to
• Eatisfy. Lots in Laurel Grove Park, $C2 50 up-
, ward. Lots in Westall, $75 upward. Lots in
. Allendale, $75 upward. Lots in Jetsle Jonea
Tract, $50 and upward. \ Lots In Kosa Lee
! Tract. $75 upward. Lots In Bona Terrace,
$150 upward, off Fruitvale ave. Lota In Qa-
lindo Sanitary District. $300 upward. Lota In
¦ Susie Lee Tract, $50 upward; $5 cash, $5
: monthly. You can have your choice In 8 loca-
tlons adjoining East Oakland. They are being
closed out for good. Call or send for circular.
455 Sex'enth St.. opposite Broadway station,
. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
O A K. L A y» Jg£ K^ T PJ5EP'OK ¦ 8 A LE.
. TO-MORROW tho day for bargains In furnl-
. ] tare. U. Sehellhaas. 11th st., cor. store, Oaklad.
~-________J3aSOXALS. I
R , e ? Uced fcr the roaclh unl >-. fcoa « i
»-VV \ m r?i that > ou «•»!! use at yo.ir own
ritlcir ' r * * rlr '*l t s. tan. freckles. !eav. j
ni'y Jn^"^," 4 smooth; to be had only at I
~M ?i-V^" £ al1 cr * ri:e M- ELLA UAHKIS. j
«M O FarreH at.
TI 1 i £, fc . Ur ,. IUir "envdy restores cray hair, nn-
*nrf ?. I*. * rrw t'».s - ors fulling .cure* dandru.1
* J?'»»., ' tlc FC »ll': no »tam or stickiness:
tfant « at drugei.tf, hair.ir-^eis ;ac- I
c<T. Bo -ubft-'utf. Star Rfir«-dyCo..3V5Geary. j
HO7 bD«r ci.< a;., li^t Ikiv ?.>od is the molto of
JP* p^nuiaiturers cf iht Rapid Hutary
. '.urdard. the sexving-machir.e of to-day. J.
. "- E»ANS. artnt. liXil Mark't St.
* -•- i tlOIA^;. 15 >«raiis' tia-ikntT, curen per-
r.-.£n«:i-.Uy morrfcine. cocaine habit. Call or
-«*ress Central Pharmacy. 251 Urant ave..
* £uuor M.. fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morchine anJ all drug dis- j
ftite? positively cured by Willow Hark Co..
* ikJa Polk rt. ; consultation free; call or write, j
REMOVAlr-DR. TV. C- STRATTOX has re- j
ir.cvird his office from 2255 Miff.on st. to
rootftg S73 and 574, Parrott fcldg tEmporium). J
HaIHDREPfing in all tranches taught: 55 for
2 weeks. Cp-to-Date Halrdressing Parlors.
K2C Market tt.. room 1. upstair?.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
£un£ay evenings at Teutonia Hal!. Howard
*t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT !<•** thar ccfl uncalled for suits, overcoats
end trjUMT*. at CHAKLES LYONS 1 . London
Tailor. 721 Market Ft.
THE highest price raid fcr ladles' or gents'
cast-off cl.-iMng and a'.l articles of value r.t 1
XVEINBERG'F. I14A Ellis tt. j
—LEOAN/T euitj on easy installments: 50 cents
• nd up x*r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market ft., between .Seventh and Eighth.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
EUPERFLUOrS hair & moles removed by elec-
. trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
••WITHOUT Medicines" ; only positive cure for
total deafness & deaf mutes. Box 4334. Call.
THE best place to buy pood umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL style* hairdresrir.g 25c; hair srood*; roa.nl-
curUis, 25c. O. LEDEHER, 123 Stockton et.
TaILOR-MAUB t u;! $7 &U: dre«s pants i- SO.
Ulef.t Clfthinr 1'e.rlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
ccuctry order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDOrS Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
h3lr ta its natural color; fl: at ail druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec- j
trie ne«*<;:e Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 111B Butter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi races, in wrapper, for mailing. t\ per year. !
I'AUISIHV. - I
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and a«trolo- j
Cist Palm readings ft. Hours 10 to 12 and j
1 to 6. and Tuesday evenings. 1S9 Post st |
• H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS |
Taylor gt.. near Geary. Phone Black E81.
nooMs run uoisekkcpixo.
A COZT 3-room apartment; $30 up; free hot
baths; electric light*; call to-day. Knicker-
bocker Apartments. 1341) Pine St.. near Hyde.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk et.— Strictly modern; 4-3
room apartments; fur. or unfur. far hskpg.
CALIFORNIA. 15G3. near Polk— New and e!e-
par.tly furnished housekeeping rooms; also
euite and elngrle rooms.
Elegantly furnished euite or single; gaa and
lath: near Park Panhandle. Pox 17.6. Call.
GEARY, 87S — Very large runcy front room,
with k'.tchen. $25: eunny back suite. $15.
HEKBEKT (The) — Eunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just r.ewly fur-
r.i£hed. 1530 Polk tt. *
MISSION. 1221, sear Eighth— Two eunny con-
r.ectir.g housekeeping roosts: glO: no children.
PINE. 1903 — Furnished and unfurnished, eunny
housekeeping gult.es of 1! or 3 rooms.
POST. 1C28— In modern flat, 203 rooms, house-
keeping privilege*, from ?10 up.
6T. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nlehed sunny suite, with separate eunny
kitchen; pas range; all complete, for house-
keeping; $15 up.
THE Gi:ierpie. 119 Ninth St.— Nlcelr furnished
rooms. $1 £0 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
APAnTME.MS TO LET.
EL MONTEREY, th» city's newest apartment
h&tel. located en the ncrtii elde of Pine et.,
bc-tween Hyde and Leaven worth; a euperb
Lrlck. building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts cf housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
BOOSU TO LET— Fn.ru. and Lnfnra.
A— ERUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 t*r night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." £73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open ail night. ;
BURNETT, 1423 Market— (old No. 1C64)— Fur-
cithed roorr.8. gulte. elngle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern Tth and Mission — Rooms 50c
to fl 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
'. HOTEL GRAYSJONEw
60 Geary et.; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE, ZW, E. cf L*. S. Mint— Furnished
front ivnn; $5 per month.
LARKIN. 8O4 — Large eunny back room, $7;
eingle room $5. 'or e*ntlema.a.
LARKIN £17i£ — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; large closet; reasonable^
MONTGOMERY. 131— Newly fur. eunny double
rooms; gentlemen; mo. 8. week $2. day 50c.
OTARP.ELL, 20 — gunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. weelf, mo.
PLEASANT. 79. oft Jones, near Clay— Single
room; bath end phone. ¦
PRIVATE family; elegantly furnished euite;
lavatory, hot and cold water, bath, telephone;
accessible; gentlemen; refs. Box 17S1. Call.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, emoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- rooms cer r.lcht, 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cola water; baths.
£T JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Front
,'uany rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page C751. r
TURK, 1218 — Furnished, unfurnished and
housekeeping rooms.
UNITED FTATES, 123 Eddy St.". near Market —
4U0 eingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
SI 75 to $6 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WEBSTER, &6 — Elegantly furnished front par-
lor euite cf rooms; all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
83c to fl SO night; $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lighti; reading-room; fre« bus; baggage.
A BRANCH effice. for Call advertisements and
eubecriptions, has been established at 1098
VBlfnclM Bt.
BOOMS AM) BOARD.
807 California et. — At-
tractive and eightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates. ¦ -. -:
VAN NESS are., 171* — Private boarding-house,
hotne like, everything first class; sunny
suites; cingle rooms; choice locality ; ref.
FUNNY front puitey with hoard. C15 Taylor st.
(jTOUAGU A>» W VREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et. near Third; phone Grant 16L
* «
FJEP.Cn-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. C71.
. CONKL1.V6 storage — Furniture and merchan-
diK-. aa3 Oolden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN Wert Storage; advances made; 840
Mission «t-; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zthfuss.
PACIFIC Storage end Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2C20 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: t«*I. Mam lKtQ. Shipping at cut rates.
> i:\YI.\ti MACJIIMiS A.\U SUPPLIES
NEW HOME fcewing machine, thin week only,
$10. $1.'.. *20; Hlightly used; needles 'JOc doz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1OS1 Market et.
TYPEWRITERS A.>'D SUPPLIES.
GREAT ITaRGAInTiN TYPEWRITERS^VVe
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals t'-i. The Typewriter
Kx-hiir.tr . .'.;<¦• California; telephone Main 2C0.
A FEW good typewriters at $ao each; get par.
ticplars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
refnery et.
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In»?pec. Co.. 508 Market. ,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 2H, 1903. at 2 p. m.. at the
office of the association. Point Lobos avt.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By
ordfir of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ. President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank,
of California will be closed September 15.
1003. at 3 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1803. By» order of the
Board ot Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadslphia. Pa.
DR. A. E. NEtTMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. C13-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary St.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlncham. 204 Sutter st.
STLTTEHING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market^Cure
in every cage; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco — Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of- I
flee of the corporation, 236 Bush St., San
Francisco, ¦ October 1, 1903; transfer books
will close September 23, 1903.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
________ •
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
October 6, 1903, and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard, Puget Sound, Wash., a quantity of
conductor, conduit, arc lamps, electrical sup-
plies, machine tools, electric elevator, pump-
ing outfit, sewing machines, hand tools,
hardware, bolts and nuts emery cloth, cedar
poles, flr, white pine, cedar, sugar pine, baT
steel, sheet steel, shapes and solder. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Navy Pay Offices, San Francisco, Cal.,
and Seattle, Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, i'-v-
i master General. U. S. N. 9-2-03
! SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Sept. 22, 1903.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
; celved here until 11 o'clock a. m., October 2,
1903, and then ooened for construction of
store building and cable tank building at
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or tn part. Information fur-
! nlBhed on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
i Agst. Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Edward Brandenstein, 82, city, and Florins
Haas, 21. city.
Antonio F. Nunes, 29, 61 Jackson street, ana
Ftllmena R. Avellar, 27, 61 Jackson street.
Frederick C. Severance, 20, 3724 Army street,
and Kate E. McKay, 19. 632H Elizabeth street.
Carl M. Schotte, 24, city, and Ida Soderberg,
23, city.
John Barr. 28. Golden West Hotel, and Maud
L. Bazley, 27, Vancouver, B. C. <¦•»
Estel C. Boger, 22, 1436 Market street, and
Bertha B. Spear, 26, Waddington. Cal.
Harry E. Nye, 25, 7 Redwood court, and
Btrtha C. Maysenhelder, 24, 300 Fulton street.
Fred Howell. 41. 715V4 Howard street, and
Nfcllie Love, 29, 270 Harriet street.
James B. Duffy, 21, 1663 Post street, and
Florence M. Witts. 21, 2211 Stelner street.
Fong You, 30, 745 Sacramento street, and Lin
Low. 24. 925 Stockton street.
BIRTHS— MARmAQES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bt
indorsed with the' name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Boiiir.
AFHER— In this city, September 16, 1903, to
the wife of Arthur Asher, a son.
PEDEN— In this city, September 21. 1903, to
tha wifo of William J. Peden. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BLEUSS— BRAAS— In this city. September 19
1003. by the Rev. Alfred Meyer, Frank *. C
Bleuss and Sophia Braas. both of San Fran-
cisco.
CAREY— MOORE— In tMa city, September 20.
1P03. by the Rev. W. K. Guthrie. Joseph B.
Carey of San Francisco and Alice M. Moore
of Eureka. Cal.
CARLSON— HERLIN— In this city, September
15, 1903, at the First English Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Bror
A. Carlson and Ebba P. E. Herlln, both of
this city.
DANIELSEN— HOALL— In this city, Septem-
ber 19, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans T.
Danlelsen and Martha A. Hoall.
DICKSON— WASHBURN— In this city, Sep-
tember 20. 1003. by the Rev. A. C. Bane,
pastor of Howard-street Methodist Church.
Albert Martin Dickson and Mamie Washburn,
both of this city.
GOODMAN— MAHAN— In this clty> September
20. by the Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of How-
ard-street Methodist Church, Frank' Goodman
and Ella Mahan, both of this city.
INGWERSEN— HALK— In this city, September
19, 1003, by the Rev. R. F. Stelnbach, Wil-
liem Ingwersen and Katie Halk. both of San
Francisco.
JOHNSON — OLSON— In this city, F«ptember
17, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church,
Lorenz V. Johnson and Hanna Olson, both
of this city.
KEENE— TURPIN— In this city, September 17,
1903. by the Rev. Francis M. Larkln, H. H.
Keene and Claribel Turpin.
LAHUSEN— BOWEN— In this city, June 25,
1903, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford. Fred Lahu-
een and Hazel Edna Bowen.
NYE— MAYSENHELDER— In this city, Sep-
tember 21. 1903. by the Rev. F. A. Keast,
pastor Epworth M. E. Church, .Harry E.
Nye and Bertha. C. Maysenhelder. both of
this city.
PEARSON— OHLSEN— In this city, September
19, 1903, by the Rev. William C. Pond, John
Pearson and Catharine Ohlsen, both of this
city.
PETERSON— ROHLING— In this city, at the
First English Lutheran Church,' by tho Rev.
Dr. E. Nelander, Nell P. Peterson and M. j
Sophie Rohllng, both of Sacramento.
REDPATH— CHOQUETTE— In this city, Sep-
tember 16, 1903, In Westminster Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. Richmond Logan, James
W. Redpath and Edith Grace Choquette.
STANCE — ENGELHARDT — In this city, Sep-
tember 19, 1903, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Carl Frederick Stange and Elizabeth L. En-
gel hard t.
WIDER— RULLHAUSEN— In this city, Sep-
tember 20, 1903. by the Rev. Francis M. Lar-
kln. Henry Ed. Wider and Agnes Rullhausen.
DEED.
Cortey. Nora Mayer, Otto
1 Delcke, Otto R. R. Nelson, Elmer
Dugan, Felix. J. Ransom, Ellsha
McAuliffe, Florence Salcido, Guadalupe
Mclntyre, Maybelle Slebe, Adelhaid
McNamara, Margaret Smith. Charles
McNelce, Bernard Tuttle, Lucy M.
Maldonado, Desideria Wredft, Charles J.
CORLEY — In this city, September 20, 1903,
Nora Cbrley (nee Kennedy), a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 35 years.
I tyFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from' the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her *oul at 9 o'clock. Interment ¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DE1CKE— In thla city, September 19, 1903, Otto
R. R. Delcke, dearly beloved husband of
Louise W. Delcke, and stepfather of Henry
F. Treder, a native' of Pommen, Germany,
aged 69 years 9 months and 25 days. A mem-
ber of Vereln Elntracht and Court Hubertus
No. 15, F. of A.
CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Ein-
tracht Hall. Twelfth street, near Folsom.
where services will be held, commencing at
1-30 p. m. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streeu.
DUGAN— In this city. September 20, 1903. Felix
J.. beloved husband of Mary Dugan, and
father of Frank P.. Hattie and the late
Irene Dugan, a native of Washington,' D C
aged 39 years 4 months and 18 days. ',
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence, 1227 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. -Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McAULIFFE3 — In this city, September 20, 1903
Florence P., beloved son of the late Patrick
, B. and Johanna McAullffe, and loving broth-
F. J. Monahan, President. " '->
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-23U Mission et. Telephone Mission 3L
er oU John. Daniel, Annie and Joseph Me- |
: Auliffp, Mrs. J. Collopy, Mrs. E. Franklin \
and Mrs. A. Stolper. a. native of Virginia
City, Nev.
D^TRemains at the residence of his sister,
Mrs. J. Collopy, 41OT Seventeenth street,
near Diamond.
McINTYRE— In this' city, 'September 21, 1903,
Maybelle Poland Mclntyre. daughter of Rose-
lie Poland, a native of Jackson, Minn., aged
21 years 4 months and 20 days.
McNAMARA— In this city, September 19, 1903
Margaret T., beloved wife ot the late James
S. McNamara, "and mother of John B. and
James P. McNamara and Mrs. P. J. Jordan,
a native of Croon. County Limerick, Ireland!
aged 70 years. . . ..
ITT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 3031 Sixteenth street, near Mission,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the i
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m. j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MeNEICB — In the City and County Hospital
September 20, 1903, Bernard McNelce, a na-
tive of Ireland, aped 38 yean.
MALDONADO— In' this city, Beptember 21,'
1903, Denlderia, beloved wife of E. Maldona-
do, a native of Mexico, aged 33 years and 4
flaya. ~"
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 25 John street, off Powell, between
Pacific and ' Jackson, thence to Spanish
Church, where services will be held.
MAYER— In this city, September 19, jpO3, Otto,
dearly beloved son of Wanda and the Iat«
W'endelin Mayer, and brother of Mrs. L.
Becker, Mrs. A. Rulfs and Albert. Rudolph
and the late Emma Mayer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years 2 months and 21
days.
tL^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o" clock, from 708 Lombard
street. Interment Mount Olivet . Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. September 21, 1903,
Elmer, beloved son of the late Jacob and
Annie Nelson, and brother of Oliver and
Anker M. Nelson and Mrs. Martha M. Woods,
a native of Chicago, m., aged 28 years 2
months and 20 days. . ¦ \ .
ICNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of\ Charles H. J. Truman & '
Co.. 1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
RANSOM— In this city, September 21, 1903,
Blisha Ransom, husband of Mary W. Ran-
som, and father of Marlon, Tom. W., Robert
C, Ouy W. and Muriel Ransom, a .native of
New York, aged 70 years.
ETFuneral private. •-.,
j SALCIDO — In San Andreas, Cal., September
20. . 1903. Guadalupe O.. wife of Javier Sal-
cido, a native of Mexico.
, SIETBE — In Bremerhaven, Germany, September
20, 1003, Adelhaid Slebe, beloved mother of
John P., Fred C. and the late George Slebe,
a native of Germany, aged 99 years.
SMITH — In th« City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 21, 1903, Charles Smith, a native of
Honolulu, aged 44 years. .
TUTTLE— In this city, September 20, 1 1903,
Lucy M., mother of Charles W. Tuttle, a na-
tive of Walpole, Mass., aged 68 years, (East-
ern papers Dlease copy.)
Cy Funeral services will be held at the
residence of her sister, Mrs. I. H. Klttredge,
2559 Bush street, at 1:30 p. m., Tuesday,
September 22. Interment private.
WREDE— In this city, September 21, 1903,
Charles J. Wrede, beloved son of the late
Diedrlch and Anna Wrede, and brother of
Mrs. A. Klernan, Mrs. K. Scott and Henry
Wrede. a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years. i .
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 886 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Odd
Fellows* Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
-- We desire to extend our heartfelt thanks
to the many friends and acquaintances who
gave bo much evidence of their comforting
sympathy during the sad hours of our be-
reavement of our loving husband and father.
CHRISTINE OHM (widow) and Children.
I ' ' ¦' - FREE WITH
I ni fi 0 1^ bythe NEXT
«• 'It'll I t V rt " BELGIAN X *^^. A
1 A ild SiSi SUNDAY
j n " UUUUi [ [ CALL.
I "/\IN OLD SALT. W
Ie 00«©©©©esaoaoo©©oo©o©©oo©o©o©oe©©e3O9ooeoooeoo«e3© a
3 5
© "An Old Salt," by the Belgian artist, A. Boudry, is not only an eat- *•
« $ ample of vigorous and skillful brush work, but a fine bit of character ?
S 0 study. The type portrayed is one of those oid men of the sea, bluff and o
£* • sturdy, hardened by rude labor, danger, and exposure to the elements. O
|2 ® They are apt to be curt of speech and often so taciturn that the appel- •
8 J lation "a sad sea dog" is fittingly bestowed upon them. In most of them, £
S • however, there is generally concealed beneath their rough exterior a large O
§ • heart and often a vein of humor, which only requires an occasion to be ©
£* S brought out. J
g 9 The effect of wear and exposure to variable weather upon the gar- %
0 • ments of those who toil on the sea, or. in the fields, is to destroy their •
8 5 color and bring various colors into a harmony" of neutral tones which is ®
5 © nearly always picturesque and agreeable to the eye. The broken and sub- ©
6 • dued colors of this picture are well suited to its subject, and the artist has G
q • cleverly compensated for their lack of brilliancy by a vigorous effect of •
S 5 light and dark and the rich imparts of his painting. The last named 2
cf f» quality is reproduced by the process employed In making The Call art sup- o
S • plements with a truthfulness unapproached by any other. One might •
§ • readily imagine at a first glance that the rough surface of the canvas had ®
8 2 been reproduced by embossing. J
g O A. Boudry is a native of Belgium and has his studio In Antwerp. He •
C* • k as made a specialty of pictures which have for their subjects scenes and •
S 5 types of people of the sea. His work is highly appreciated in his own S
S O country, where he has received many honors, and his reputation and the ©
S ® sale of his work in America are Steadily increasing. •
1 i ¦ 5
1 gddoooooeoooosooacoosoooaooooooeoooooeoooooooooooooo
1 FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 27
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
I price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
1 1- ¦ The .Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements; _^___
Cf SArnAMENTO Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store. 509 East SAN DIEGO W t> tt.,h»^ *. n*.
S Co 616 JBtreelTcN. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store. 425 71 P street W ' P * FuUer * °^
8 SAN JOSE— George Demie. M. Len- graph^avenue^ A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company *
i< rSkssF* P - **-* 1358 B^W^&C'fflS 61 -
| -Stockton ?Itacfcet stoVe. 711 East Main CHICO-Fetters & Williams. JACKS ON_!Tb. G^OFFICERS OF THE YEONG WO
SOCIETY, AND INTERIOR OF
. JOSSHOUSE. • ; ."¦
- The- essentials of -success,' as .viewed by
Mr. Leavitt, are found in a' sound' body,
a sound "mind and sound "morals. ..A sen
sible-education was found to be very es
sential to success. The merely, "goody
goody" boy or girl did not appeal very
strongly to the speaker, but he demand
ed that boys and girls. shall be able to
do good, to be good for something.
. With a sound body, a sound mind and
sound morals, success was reasonably in
view, when supplemented by of
the right sort. Enjoyment of life might
also be expected upon such bases.
The boys and girls in their working
clothes, the boys in overalls, listened,at
tentively and absorbed some of the ad
dress. In the afternoon • visitors came in.
They saw hot iron poured in the foundry
and the other mechanical . departments
were running in their, every, day fasiilon.
Illustrative - of what the boys and girls
are learning in addition to book lore.
The boys and girls went to their work
at ;the usual time In the mornimr, the
boys In the foundry, machine shop and
carpentering department, while the girls
were cooking, dressmaking and working
as milliners. The directors went to the
school and made' their annual inspection,
going, through. every departments • ?
'Then, at the sound of "the steam .whistle
on one of the shops, the boys and girls
came trooping Into the appointed place
and attended the formal exercises,- which
were very brief. The principal, feature
of these exercises was an address by. the
Rev.' Bradford Leavitt. pastor of the First
Unitarian Church , of this city. , ,
Mr. Leavltt's theme was "success." " On
¦this he talked' very." entertainingly ] and
very earnestly to the : boys and" girls. 1 ; He
first made a historical review of % ideals
of success. Then. he. viewed success from
a geographical point' of view, incidentally
referring • in : his review of various lands
to New York's : "400" ' and their Ideals.
Then he came close home." ; ' ' .
Founder's day was celebrated by the
California School of Mechanical Arts yes
terday In memory of James LJck, the
philanthropist who endowed the school.
In the celebration the directors of the
school, headed by C. A. Murdock, In the
absence of Horace Davis, the faculty,
headed by Principal Merrill, and the en
tire student body took part. . . : ¦ -
The demonstration took on the intensely
practical shape that would undoubtedly
be approved by James Lick if ha were
still In .the flesh. .,"If James Lick were
here," 'said Principal Merrill, "and could
be. consulted how to celebrate ; this '_ day
he, would probably say, 'Work twice, as
hard as usual.' "'. This idea furnished the'
key to the celebration as it actually took
place. ¦' • ' ' ¦ ' ,
Overalled Boy Students
Toil in Memory of
James Lick.
GOOD HARD WORK
IN CELEBRATION
P1eo'« Cure for Consumption Is a pleasant and
effectual remedy for coujrhs and coldi. 25c. •
The gas range will do more work than
three coal stoves. Try one. S. F. Gas and
Electric Co. •
Dr. C. Hart Merrlam gave an Interesting
lecture last night before the California
Academy of Sciences on the subject of
"Indian Baskets and the People Who
Make Them." His talk was Illustrated by
a fine selection of stereopticon views,
which added color to the theme of the
evening's ' discourse.
Talks About Indian Baskets.
Without seeing the. Diamond Palace
*ould be like visiting Europe without see-
Ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful jewelry store in the world Vis
itors or purchasers are equally welcome
221 Montgomery St., bet. Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
The rooms of the association presented
a gala scene yesterday and thousandslof
Chinese availed themselves; of the oppor
tunity of .visiting the building and par
taking of the v daily banquet. at 4 p. m.
Whites are also "admitted every' after
noon, and evening. Several Chinese, or
chestras are in- attendance and -fclayat
stated periods. The religious services are
held in - the • evening and a .score of red
robed priests officiate, i ¦ • .-
One of the. handsomest donations this
year has been made by Dr. "Wong Him.
It is a hand carved bamboo arch/ gor
geously colored and gilded, commanding
tlie entrance to the' inner sa'nctuary, and
cost 5700. Jang Quong Mong, Lum Uck
Yung and Jang Lew LIm have, presentea
carvings which have a place of honor in
front of the joss, valued at ,$650. Lum
Yick and wife have given a carved pic
ture frame and flower baskets valued at
$325. Lee Tin Hee and Mrs/ . Lee Hor
Lee presented a carved picture frame
with silk sash, which cost $350, and "Wong
Took Lin sent two carved stands of the
value of $300. Others too numerous to
mention have also made valuable dona
tions. '¦¦
THOUSANDS OF .VISITORS.
The festival of the Yeong Wo Assccla
tion, which will continue for eight days,
is held annually, commencing on the lirst
day of the eighth month of the Chinese
year, and is religious in its nature. It
is held primarily to propitiate the joss of
the association for a continuance of pros
perity through the ensuing year. Offer
ings are made by the priests, and to the
accompaniment of an orchestra of soloists
the events of the past year are related to
the joss. Members of the association do
nate presents according to their means
and this year some very valuable, works
of art have been received. , .
The officers of the association in this
city are Chung Wai Gue, president; Ung
Yeu Kong,, vice president; Jang Wan,
secretary. Jang Wah, "also known as
John Hook, who occupies the position
of secretary. Is a recent arrival - from
China. , Me .has a charming personality
and speaks English fluently, having
graduated from one of .the largest and
most progressive universities of China.
He is a deep thinker and - was " elected
to his present position solely through his
popularity.- In speaking . of . the festival
and the association yesterday he. said:
Our organization is "composed of thelnhab-
Itams of three counties and . twelve districts
on the peninsula of Heong Shan, which Is nit
uated on the mouth of the Canton . River. Ma
cao, a Portuguese settlement, is located. on
this peninsula; about forty-five miles from
Hongkong. We have a membership pf about
4000 in the United States. The majority of
our members are substantial business men and
the property at 724 to 730 Sacramento street
is owned by the association. The association
represents one of the • Six Companies and
wields much Influence In the United States.
The celebration is a religious affair, which is
given annually for eight days. From fSOOOto
$10,000 is spent during the festival and no
meat or anything containing blood , is eaten
during the eight-days. . . v-
TO PROPITIATE JOSS.
Skillful hands had transformed the spa
clous rooms of the association into a
scene of Oriental splendor that suggested
Aladdin's cave. On the walls of the main
chamber over two score of artistic wax
groups, symbolical of various epochs In
the history of ancient China, had been
hung, each so perfect in detail. that it re
quired but little play of the imagination
to bring the delusion that the actual
scenes of past centuries were being wit
nessed through the large end of an opera
glass. At each end of the room a monster
papier raachc figure of the See Die Gum
giants frowned threateningly upbn the
visiting horde of the slant-eyed disciples
of Confucius. The services of the elec
trician has also been enlisted and myriad
lights lend additional attractiveness to
the scene. Three hundred jars of esthetic
chrysanthemums of various hues, donated
by the Hip Sin Tong, occupied a promi
nent place In the decorative scheme. In
numerable gold brocaded banners, bur
nished brass incense receptacles, bronze
allegorical figures and gold standards, of
the Yeong "Wo Joss were much in evi
dence.
gowned priests and the crash
of brass cymbals the annual festival in
honor of the patron Joss of the Yeong
Wo Association cotafaienced yesterday
Bhortly after midnight in the headquar
ters of the organization at 726 Sacramento
street.
WITH the burning of incense,
the seductive strains of reed
Instruments, the weird In
cantations of fantastically
Dasha was the first one called in and
he was irlven to understand that Gamble
had Implicated him in his confession,
which was a fact He stubbornly resisted
evtry effort to force an acknowledgment
of his and his fellow jailers' complicity
in the substitution work. After an hour
of sweating- he finally broke down and
confessed. He was taken to a room by
himself and Burnett called In. He was
told that Dasha had confessed. Burnett
broke down and told everything. Then
Dempsey was called in and under the be
lief that both Burnett and Dasha had
confessed made certain admissions about
receiving money from them that served
to clinch his complicity In the crime.
All tliree men were then brought to
gether and under the guise of harmonizing
their three statements Burnett was made
to repeat his confession to Dasha and
Dempsey. Dasha then weakened and
confessed, but Dempsey remained obdu
rate, professing Ignorance of what was
done by bis fellow watchers at the JaJL
The story of how the confessions were
secured from Dasha and Burnett and of
how even Dempsey was made to acknowl
edge some facts that connect him with
participation in the work of substitution
leaked out yesterday. When the three
jailers were taken into custody . Friday
night they were confined In a room In a
Montgomery-street hotel. Secret Service
Agrnts William J. Burns and Harry Mof
fitt, United Stages District Attorney,
Woodworth, Sheriff Lackmann and
Vnited States Marshal Shine were in an
adjoining- room. Burns Is from Washing
ton and is considered one of the shrewd
«-.;t men In the service. To him Is cred
ited the ruse- by which the confessions
were obtained.
"You bet there were," he replied, "and
thry were the ones who did the grafting."
"Then there were others In it besides
those arrested?" he was asked.
"I will be able to show," he said, "when
this thing comes to a hearing that I have
done nothing unlawful and I will point
out who the real grafters were."
It appears now that Dempsey is the
only one who will make a contention of
innocence. The Federal authorities claim
to have signed confessions from Burnett
and Dasha and also assert that Demp
sey made verbal admissions, which he
later refused to confirm in writing. This
Dempecy denies and maintains that he
has done nothing criminal. He Is the only
one of the trio who would talk yesterday
end his conversation regarding the
charges was guarded.
All three «f the night jailers at the
County Jail, who are accused of com
plicity in the Chinese substitution scandal
and who have been in custody since FM
day night, were released yesterday on
bonds of J2O0O each. Burnett was the first
to gain his freedom, his bonds being fur
nished by a surety company. Shortly
after noon Deir.psey's bonds were se
cured, his appearance being: guaranteed
by a surety company. It was not until
after 5 o'clock that Dasha gained his lib
erty. Arrangements were made with the
rarae surety company to go on his bonds,
but in the preparation of the papers the
offense with which he is charged was
omitted. Consequently there was a delay
cf a couple of hours in redrawing the pa
pers.
The Federal Grand Jury mot in special
session yesterday afternoon to consider
the substitution cases. The three night
jailers were before them and separately
gave about the same information they
had previously imparted to the Federal
authorities.
The three men ¦will not be accused of
the felony charge of conspiracy, but will
be indicted and prosecuted for aiding and
abfiting the substitution of Chinese,
which is a misdemeanor punishable by
not more than one year's imprisonment in
the County Jail or a tine not exceeding
$1000. or both. This clemency has been
determined upon by the Federal authori
ties partly because of the confessions
made by Burnett and Dasha and the ad
missions made by Dcmpsoy and partly in
the hope that with the lesser penalty to
pay the three men will obviate the ne
cessity and uncertainty cf trials by plead
ing guilty. Accordingly the Federal
Grand Jury will be asked to Indict the
men only on the lighter charge.
PROTESTS INNOCENCE.
In addition to those indicated, the prob
able guilt of two other men whose occu
pation is that cf "capper" for certain at
torneys handling Chinese business has
been established and if the expected de
velopments take place they will be ar
rested for connection with the substitu
tion of Chinese.
Three more deputy Sheriffs em
ployed at the County Jail as jail
ers and one and perhaps two dep
uty United States Marshals will,
in all probability, be connected
criminally with the unlawful sub
stitution of Chinese before the in
vestigation now in progress is
ended- The evidence obtained
against them is said not to be
conclusive, but is sufficiently
strong to warrant something more
than a suspicion that they have
been actively implicated in the il
legal traffic for which three white
men and three Chinamen are un
der arrest, and on account of
which William P. Gamble put an
end to his life.
The investigation may even go
further. There are strong sus
picions that Federal officials
higher up than the men directly
charged with the offense of Chi
nese substitution exercised a tacit
acquiescence in the traffic. Their
actions in this matter are being
scrutinized with the utmost care
by the secret service agents en
gaged in the investigation, and it
need cause no surprise if an up
heaval in at least two of the im
portant Federal offices in this city
should follow.
Three Under Sheriffs, "Who Are
Charg-ed "With Complicity, Give
Bail — Horn Toon Defaults
on Another Charge-
Now that he is dead there are many
stories told of the generosity and kind
ness of heart which was a distinguishing
trait of the dead man. A notable in
stance of this was when Julian B. Arnold,
son of Sir Edwin Arnold, author of the
"Light of Asia," was arrested here,
charged with the embezzlement of several
hundred thousand dollars in England. He
was a Federal prisoner and ordered de
ported. All of the money In his posses
sion was taken from him and his wife
was left destitute In a strange city. 3am
ble, who, as custodian of the prison,'-Be
came acquainted with Mrs. Arnold's con
dition, took her to the hotel where he and
his wife resided and out of his own
pocket defrayed her expenses until such
a time as she could receive assistance
from her friends in England.
All that was mortal of William P;
Gamble was laid away in a receiving
vault at Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land, yesterday. The funeral services
¦were held from Halstead's undertaking
establishment and an Immense concourse
of friends of the dead man gathered to
pay their last tribute of respect. Event
ually the body will be Interred at the
home of his youth in Tuolumne County.
Gamble's confession did not implicate
other deputy marshals. In fact It was
only after the utmost persuasion that he
was induced to disclose the connection of
Dasha, Burnett and Dempsey with the
work. But other deputies have handled
v-hinese ordered for deportation, and they
might have entered Into the substitution
conspiracy without the personal knowl
edge of Gamble. If, in his attempt to
clear himself, Dempsey makes public all
he knows of the matter, as he threatens
to do, It may be that others in the Mar
shal's office the ill-fated Gamble
will be dragged in.
GAMBLE'S FUNERAL.
The continued activity of the Federal
authorities gives rise to the suspicion
that the end of the substitution scandal
has not been reached. There are half
veiled assertions of those supposed to
know that there are one or more deputy
marshals in addition to Gamble who ¦were
sharing in this unlawful money. United
States District Attorney Woodworth rays
that all of the white men suspected of
complicity in the pcandal have been ar
rested. United States Marshal Shine
claims that no one else in his office had
any hand in the unlawful substitution of
Chinese. But both of these officials have
made a deliberate practice of giving out
misleading statements In connection with
this matter and only admitted the truth
when forced to by the exclusive publica
tion in The Call of Gamble's confession.
MAY BE OTHERS.
Horn Toon, one of the Chinese Impli
cated in the substitution cases. Is a
much sought individual just at present.
Besides being wanted mightily by the
Federal officers he is a defaulter from
justice in the courts of the city and
county of San Francisco. He was ar
rested some time ago charged with subor
nation of perjury in the cases of eleven
Chinamen arrested for conspiracy to mur
der. Yesterday his case was called for
preliminary examination before Judge
Cabanlss, but the much troubled Oriental
did not appear. At the request of his at
torney he was given until Thursday
morning to come into court, and if he
does not make an apponrance by that
time his bail of $2»J00 will be declared for
feited.
The story that the conspirators met
at Dasha's house on the night of Sep
tember 11 and divided the spoils of their
crime is untrue. As a matter of fact, ac
cording to Gamble and the Federal au
thorities who are handling the case, there
was no money paid over for this last deal,
as it was only partially successful and the
Chinese refused to produce the amount
promised.
By consent of the attorneys Burnett's
preliminary hearing -will take place at
1:30 p. m. October 7 and the hearing of
Dasha and Dempsey on the day following
at 10 o'clock a. m.
PRELIMINARY HEARINGS.
Burnett's and Dasha's statements were
reduced to writing and signed by them.
Dempsey refused to sign anything. All
of the questioning was done by Secret
Service Agent Burns, and to his persua
sive ability and cunning may be attrib
uted the securing of the confessions.
Barris' son James and George O'Don
nell, another boy, were in Police Juogo
Mogan's, court yesterday on a charge of
malicious mischief for breaking a window
during a fight on Saturday night. The
boys were arrested by Policemen Rear
don and Foley, but Krueger voluntarily
came to court and testified that Barris'
son was a bad boy. Barris said to Krue
ger in court, "Although you have it in for
me you needn't have It in for the t>oy."
After the case was disposed of and while
Krueger was passing Barris the latter
said something to Krucger in a low voice.
Barris and his attorney, E. Shortall,
were talking quietly in the corridor to
the woman whose window was broken,
when Krueger made a rush at Barris.
Barris asked what was the matter and
Krueger told him he was under arrest
for disturbing the peace. A crowd quick
ly gathered and followed the policeman
and his prisoner to the elevator. In the
elevator Barris told Krueger he would
bring him before the Police Commlss'on
ers and prove to them that he was the
worst policeman on the force. '
Barris was a witness before the Police
Board last July against Krueger, who was
charged with breaking the ribs of ahand
cuffed prisoner in the patrol wagon on
the night of July 4. Krueger was con
victed and fined, and Barris says that he
swore to get even with him for testifying
against him.
Policeman W. F. Krueger caused a sen
sation In the Police Court corridors in
the Hall cf Justice yesterday morning l.y
suddenly grabbing hold of Frank T. Dev
ils, grocer, 44C Clementina street, by .both
lia»i.:s j»nd hustling: him alcng to tho ele
vator. Barria was vigorously protesting
and .Krueger was declaring, "I'll teach
you to abuse r.e in court." Barrls was
taken to the City Prison and booked on
a charge of disturbing the peace, but was
promptly released on !S cash bail.
Upheaval in Federal Offices
May Follow as Re3ult
of Investigation.
Makes Good Threat to Get
Even With Former Witness
Against Him.
More Deputies Con
cerned in Substitu
tion Scandal.
Polioeman W. P. Krueger
Takes Enemy to
Prison.
ASTONISHING
REVELATIONS
THREATENED
ARRESTS GROCER
THROUGH SPITE
Every user of Dr. Koenigstein's Red
Salve is a walking advertisement of its
merits for skin coxnDlaints. •
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 21.— Harry Sny
der. who ¦ was brought here recently from
Montana on a charge of highway robbery,
plead net guilty to-day at his ; preliminary
hearing and his trial was set for November
24. He was returned to jail
' We print newspapers and do it well. Let us do
yours.Mysell-Rollln8.22 Clay.gtve satisfaction.*
i John Devins, a boy riveter, was in
structed and arraigned in Police Judge
Fritz's court yesterday on a charge of
robbery and the case: was continued till
to-morrow. He , Is accused of having
knocked down and robbed Louis Larsen
at Howard and New Montgomery streets
early Sunday morning. His companion
in the robbery has not yet been arrested.
Arraigned ; for j Bobbery.
;: Let us fit .your hand to a good fountain
pen. The "Waterman," "Swan" or "Mar
shall" are; the only ones worth consider
ing. Prices Jl to $5 each. , Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Fountain Pen News.
After a 'general discussion a committee
composed of the chairmen of the various
districts which compose the minority was
appointed to present a plan of campaign.
The committee retired arid later made its
'report. What .the plan Is' will be seen in
the convention hall to-night. That there
will be plenty of excitement is certain.
Everything will be done by the majority
to harass the McNab aggregation,
j The Union Labor party convention will
hold its convention to-night in Pioneer
Hall.* Nominations for Sheriff, Treasurer,
Tax Collector, District Attorney and
other offices will be made.-
Colonel Herbert Choynskl regained the
use of his lungs last night, and his speech
denouncing McNab could be heard all
over the hotel. In the course of his re
marks the colonel said:
nye yc £T s the Democratic party, has won
no victory. Five yean, ago it elected its ticket,
which jvas nominated by a Democratic con
tention, that was a representative body of the
Democratic electors of this city and county.
At mat time the men who were elected were
men who were not elected because of their
Democracy, but because of their honesty and
Integrity. The Democratic party. when it
secured its victory five years ago thought
it, was intrenched and waited until the next
campaign and to its unguarded nest the weasel
Scot came sneaking, find Bince that time we
have had no Democratic party. There have
been no Democratic principles • disseminated
in this new party. We are disorganized dis
united . and disgruntled. And now, after a
lapse of all this' time, when a considerable
portion of the' ! Democratic electors are re
belling 'against a "fall from the Democratic
principles, they are met by a so-called Demo
cratic majority; which is actuated by a de-
Eire, to get hold of a paying office. "
The controlling spirit of the convention be
lieves ho can march us ¦ into the ¦ convention
hall to the music of the bagpipes and have
us acquiesce in the conduct of the so-called
principles that he will further. -We are rep
resenting the Democratic principles' of equal
ity -and representation, and insist that the
convention should, represent those principles.
"Horses and Carts" N"ot to Com
promise With McNab's Committee.
Filibustering tactics will be adopted by
the "Horses and Carts" at the Demo
cratic Municipal Convention in Alhambra
theater to-night. There was a meeting
of the minority In the •California Hotel
last night behind closed doors. It was
given out, however, that the suggestion
to appoint a committee to wait on a like
committee from the County Committee
and confer with a view to effecting a
compromise was not even listened to. The
minority ¦¦ intends to battle for its rights
and. if -they lose intend to reorganize the
party after the convention concludes its
labors and be ready for a battle at the
election to be held next year.
Joseph E. O'Donnell, leader of the
"Horses and Carts." called the meeting
to order. There was a large attendance
of delegates. Speeches were made that
were, full of fire. The minority decided
to stand by its guns and battle the Mc-
Nab element until the last. It does not
Intend to compromise.
WILL FIGHT IT OUT.
The jury in the case of William T. Ru
dolph, charged with murder In Judge
Cook's court, brought in a verdict of not
guilty yesterday .afternoon. Rudolph was
accused of having shot and killed Walter
Edgerton, an ex-convict. In Mrs. Elizabeth
Henrioulle's saloon at Second and Na
toraa streets on the afternoon of Feb
ruary 11. The defense claimed that Ed
gerton cut Rudolph twice with a knife
on the sidewalk in front ' of the saloon
just before the shooting and that he acted
in self-defense in shooting Edsertoo.
Jury Acquits Rudolph.
. The Forty-fourth District delegation and
a majority of the delegates of the Thirty
second Assembly District met last even
ing and Indorsed J. George Boyne for
nomination to the office of County Clerk.
There was talk last nignt of putting
forward ex-State Senator Kugene Bert as
a candidate for City Attorney. B. M.
Sweeney Is in the field as a candidate for
Police Judse.
The committee on platform and resolu
tions. AV. S. Wood chairman, met last
night. There was quite a discussion over
a proposition to Indorse all the Repub
lican officeholders of the present admin
istration. There was a strong sentiment
in favor of limiting the indorsement to
men whose devotion to public duty had
won universal commendation. It ¦was
finally decided to indorse all the Repub
lican officials. /*
Several planks for the platform were
presented. It was resolved that a sub
committee consisting of Charles Ronntag
W. J. Herrin, E. , M. Ritter, Charles H.
J. Truman and Ralph L. Hathorn should
be appointed to -consider the material in
hand. The sub-committee- will meet this
afternoon and -with tho advice and as
sistance of "W. S. "Wood, chairman, and
John T. Williams, secretary, prepare a
platform of principles for submission to
the whole committee this evening:. There
are indications that the convention to
morrow night will declare the principles
of the party and nominate Henry J.
Crocker for Mayor.
The committee on organization", United
Republican League, held a lor.tr session
at 16 Geary street last evening. Hon. A.
P. "Williams. John C. Lynch, A. Ruef,
Thomas D, Riordan. Dr. McNutt, David
Rich and Henry Ach attended. "Word
was irlven out to the press' that the ses
sion ¦was executive.
Committee Organizes and Favors In
dorsement of Republican
Officials.
PLATFORM AND RESOLUTIONS.
One day last week, and since the or
ganization of the Republican Municipal
Convention, A. Ruef waited on a promi
nent merchant of this city and suggested
that the latter should call on Mayor
Schmitz. The merchant did not mani
fest any particular desire to renew his
with our versatile Mayor.
He said to Mr. Ruef: "I supported Mr.
Schmitz two years ago and ~e" did not
keep his proml.se made to me concerning
an appointment." To this Mr. Ruef re
joined: "The promise of an appointment
two years ago was not made in my pres
ence. I will go with you this time and
he will promise you, in my presence, an
appointment aijd he will keep his prom
ise." There is nothing remarkable about
this incident in itself. Greater men than
Mayor Schmitz have made promises
which they did not fulfill, and it is even
asserted that such promises have been
made to men other than merchants and
to voters other than those who are al
lied with the Union Labor and Demo
cratic parties. The significant phase of
the interview between Mr. Ruef and his
mercantile friend presents Itself when one
reflects that Mr. Ruef is one of the or
ganizers of the United Republican League,
a delegate to the Republican Municipal
Convention and chairman of the Forty
fifth Assembly District Republican dele
gation.
MAYOR'S BROKEN PROMISES.
Because the Mayor assumes the right to
belong to all parties and to bestow his
promises like the dews of heaven on the
just as well as the unjust is no reason
why the chairman of the Forty-fifth Dis
trict delegation should expect the same
special privilege. Mayor Schmitz had the
decent consistency to withdraw from the
Republican Primary League when he
joined the Union Labor party. Whatever
may be said relating to Mayor Schmitz's
attainments as a rapid change artist on
the political stage. It must be said to his
credit that he gets out of one party be
fore he joins another. Ruef, however,
seems to insist on the privilege of repre
senting Republicans in the convention of
that party and at the same time repre
senting Ruef in the inner circles of the
Union Labor party. The fact Is of record
and of common knowledge that Mr. Ruef
participated as a delegate in the organiza
tion of the Republican convention.
A. Ruef appears also to be keeping some
thing of a record of tho Mayor's broken
promises. He remarked to the merchant
whose support he solicited on behalf of
Mayor Schmitz that the Mayor did not
appoint Morris Levy according to prom
ise. It was mentioned in the conversation
that the promise to appoint Levy was
made when Mr. Ruef was not present.
Gossip goes to the effect that the Levy
purse, not so blamed easy to open in be
half of every attraction, opened out baau
tifully in view of the rainbow promises
of the last campaign.
FLIRTING WITH DEMOCRATS.
According to political gossip Ruef is
not the only friend of the local adminis
tration that is doing missionary work
outside of his own camp. One day last
week George B. Keane, the Mayor's sec
retary, accompanied by four delegates to
the Union Labor party convention, called
upon Richard Whelan, prospective nomi
nee for Sheriff on the Democratic ticket,
and tendered the labor nomination to the
aforesaid Whelan. Already two Blated
Democratic nominees have been nomi
nated by the Schmitz wing of the Union
Labor party and, there are signs of a
storm of remonstrance In the Democratic
convention to-night. Inside Intelligence
is to the effect that the convention this
evening will exclude every man that
takes a nomination from another party
convention. It ia said that the ban will
Include judicial nominees. Th*ere seems
to be a determined purpose in the Demo
cratic party to preserve the organiza
tion for what it 13 worth and not to per
mit grafting politicians to trade away
its prestige.
The Republicans have resolved that the
nominees of the Republican party shall
stand on the platform of the Republican
convention. The people of the nation
have placed national affairs in the keep
ing of the Republican party, the people
of California have entrusted the manage
ment of State affairs to Republicans, and
there Is a belief that the Republicans are
capable of conducting local affairs. The
convention proposes to nominate a ticket
worthy* of support and it will expect Re
publicans to support it.
In his confession Graves Implicates sev
eral merchants who purchased the stolen
articles from the thieves. The detectives
will probably arre3t these parties and
they will be held to answer for havine
received stolen goods. What the names
of the men are the police refused to state
until the arrests have been made. Graves
stated that he had participated in five
crimes. After stealing the box of tools
they were sold for $5. The 400 pounds of
butter was disposed of for $33 and the
case of shoes went for $20. Tho highest
price realized was for the 2500 cigars,
which brought $76.
B. Solomon of the Solomonson, Hart
man, Solomon Company, 105 Third Street,
delivered to the property clerk at th» Hall
of Justice yesterday 5000 "Gaston" cigars,
for which the Southern Paciflc paid a
claim of $430 to Rlnaldo Bros. The detec
tives allege that these cigars wer» stolen
on June 19 from an Incoming freight car
by Frank Carey and Rutherford. Tha
original cases were burned In the stove
in the caboose and the cigars were car
ried to Charles & Graves' house on Perry
street. That evening .Rutherford got an
expressman and the cigars, which had
been packed In hampers, were taken to
the Solomonson, Hartman, Solomon Com
pany's store and sold for $211.
Charles B. Graves, one of the prisoners,
who has been in the City and County
Hospital since his arrest, made a com
plete confession to Detectives Ryan and
Lewin last night. "While In the hospital
Graveg maintained a strict silence and re
fused to discuss the case in any form.
Last night, when he was taken to
the City Prison, where he was booked, en
route to Salinas to answer for his crime,
he broke down and confessed all.
Ryan and Lewin say they have discov
ered that in April last Slater and Hardin
stole 5000 cigars at San Bruno station
from an incoming freight car. The cigars
were carried to the caboose, whera the
original cases were burned and tha cis
ars packed into three baskets. The bas
kets were carried to Rutherford's house
in South Park and next .day Rutherford
and Slater took the baskets to the cigar
store of Max Katzauer at Third and
Townsend streets, who is now awaiting
trial for receiving stolen property, and
sold the cigars to him. Slater is also ac
cused of having stolen four tubs of but
ter from a car at San Bruno station la
March last and It Is claimed that he and
Rutherford and Hardin have stolen thou
sands of dollars' worth of cigars and to
bacco since October last.
William E. Slater, a former bralceman
en the Southern Pacific, called at tha City
Prison yesterday afternoon to sea- C. A.
Rutherford, the braieman under arrest
for stealing goods from railroad cars.
Detective Sergeant Ryan and Detectlv*
Peter Lewin of the Southern Pacific were
in the prison at the time and, going up to
Slater said, "You have saved ua a trip to
Fresno, as we were to leave this evening
to arrest you." Slater was very much
disgusted when he was locked up.
Lewin immediately went to Third and
Townsend streets and arrested Richard
W. Hardin, a brakeman, and took him
to the prison. Hardin is a brother-in-law
of W. H. Beauregard, the fugutlve
Southern Pacific conductor, and Slater be
fore resigning from the Southern Paciflc
on April 14, last, lived with Rutherford
and was for some time of the same tram
crew as Rutherford and Hardin. Ho has
since been employed by the Santa Fa at
Fresno.
Graves Makes a Confession
Implicating Some Mer
chants.
George Keane Offers to Boost
Dick Whelan in Labor
Camp.
Ruef Promises Patron
age to Help Cause
of Schmitz.
Two Additional Arrests
of Railroad Men
Are Made.
DOUBLE ENDERS
IN THE STREAM
CAR BURGLARS
BEING JAILED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 22, " 19.03.
Scene of Oriental Splendor Is Presented to Throngs of Visitors at
Spacious Headquarters of the Yeong Wo Association, Which
Begins Eight-Day Celebration in Honor of Its Patron Joss
CYMBALS CRASH AND INCENSE
BURNS AT FESTIVAL OPENING
14
CAME NEAR DYING
From an Awful Skin Humor.
Scratched till Blood Ran.
Wasted to Skeleton.
CURED BYCUTICURA
11 When my little boy was abont thre«
months old his head broke oat with a
rash, which ¦was rery Itchy and ran con*
" slderable watery floid. We tried every-
thing we could, bat he got worse all
the time till it spread to his arms, legs,
and then to his entire body, and he eol
bo bad that he came near dying. Tha
rash wonld itch so that he wonld
scratch till the blood ran, and a thin
yellowish stnff wonld be all over hla
pillow in the morning. I had to pni
mittens on his hands to keep him from
tearing his skin around his wrists. He
got so weak and run down that he took
fainting spells like we would think hira
dying. He was almost a skeleton and
his little bands were thin like claws.
•• He was bad abont eight months when
we tried Cnticnra Remedies. I had not
laid him down in his cradle In the day
time for a long time. He had got so
that he just slept in oar arms all the
time. I washed him -with Cntlcnra
Soap and pat on one application of
Cuticura and he was so soothed that I
pot him in the cradle. You don't know
how glad I felt when he felt better.
It took one box of Cuticura Ointment,
pretty near one cake of Cutlcara Soap,
and about half a bottle of Cuticura Re-
solvent to cure. I think oar little boy
wonld hare died only for the Cuticura
Remedies, and I shall always remain a
firm friend of them."
Mas. M. C. Maitlan-d,
Jasper, Ontario.
NO RETURN IN 14 YEARS.
Mrs. MaitUnd Writes, Feb. 24,
1903, That Cure Has Been
Permanent.
"It affords mo mach pleasure to
Inform yon that it ia fourteen years
since my boy was cared of the terrible
skin disease from which he suffered.
He has been permanently cared and is
hearty and strong. I woald highly rec-
ommend it to all others and I never let
my house be without the Cuticura Soap
and Ointment."
Sold thKraghont tha vartd. Cntlevr* RaioWrst We
0v torm of Choeola'.s Coattd HU*. tic. per Titl of *)),
Ointm*nt, SOe., 9oip. lie. D*;oU: London, 17 Charter.
Udm^.i P»r1i, 5 Ru.de 'thit: Bo*ton, 137 Columbua
At*. Pottsr Drue * Chemical Cor;.. Sola Provnatora.
«arS«adfai "Ujwio Care Etery Humour."
Not Hungry
when you should be means disordered
nerves, which, will lead to nervous
prostration Dr Miles' Nervine ij
guaranteed to benefit you or money
refunded. 'Book on nerves sent free.
«>h Mitx* Medical. Co.. Eiltbart, Iod,