Peasants Flock to the Stan
dard of the Patriot
Zonticheff.
General Rising Is Pro
claimed in,Eastern
Macedonia. \
Besieged Turks De
fend Town of
Butchevo.
INSURGENTS
USE CANNON
IN ATTACK
SOFIA, Sept. 30.— A dis
patch from Rila reports
continuous fighting all
along the line across the Turk
ish frontier, results of which
are at presents unknown. It
is said that the town v of Raz
f log has been destroyed by the ii
Tuiks and the Christian pop
ulation massacred, j Fugitives ;
are arriving by hundreds. All
wires have been cut. The
Turkish troops 'are fleeing in.
disorder from Butchevo.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— The Consolida
ted Stock Exchange firm of Taylor &
Mandevell suspended to-day. The failure
of customers to meet their margins In yes
terday's sharp break Is believed to ac
count for the failure. The firm la com
posed of Henry B. Taylor and J. Arthur
Mandevell. Taylor was a member of the
board of managers of the Consolidated
« tiLMi'ftji_LLTn iiMtiMiiTrnnMB \u25a0 \u25a0 ~-*~ *\u25a0,
Exchange.
Stock Exchange Finn Suspends.
'BURGAS,.. .Bulgaria, Sept. [ 29.- Dia- r
patches received here from . the insurgent
chlef,^ GordjikonY who had' been";conduct
ing' operations r in: the Kirklisse district,
announce that t the , Turkish ; troops : have
been withdrawn' from Zabernovo,-. Karl
ovo and Gralatlcoco, three points on ? the
Turkish frontier. -* is understod that .this
movement was In accordance Iwlth .the re
quest "of the Bulgarian Government that
Turkey withdraw!", her. troops f rom ; the
frontier as a; proof of her pacific .inten
tions. The positions vacated by v: the
Turks are : now occupied by • insurgents.
Turks Withdraw.From Frontier.
BOSTON, Mass.. Sept. 29.— As the result
of the fallureof the directors of the Milk
Producers' Union to agree with contract
ors on the price to be paid farmers for
milk, the union . has • issued orders to the
farmers to ship no milk to the Boston
market after October 1 until the contract
ors . come to terms.
* The union demanded 40 cents a can for
milk and the contractors refused to pay
it. The local branches of the union have
Indorsed* the action of the directors, so
Ao milk will be sent to Boston.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN HEIGHTS. Ohio, Sept. 29.—
The private electric car carrying Senator
Hanna.and others from Cleveland to the
Republican meeting struck a derailing
switch three miles east of Berlin .Heights
to-day and jumped the track while run
ning at high speed. All of the' occupants
of 'the car were thrown Into a heap at
one end of the coach," but, "aside from be
ing badly shaken, they "oseaoed serious
injur*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Serious .fighting Is expected If the
tfutesarlff persists in this tax gathering,
t is reported that one Servian has al
tady been killed in a scuffle.
/
.wns of Prentchani, Pristina and Darit
.a with cavalry to exact new .taxes. He
seized the effects of the Inhabitants, who
!led to th-e hills. QE$
CETTIXJE. Montenegro, Sept. 29.— The
utesariff of Kossovo . has visited the
Accompanied by Cavalrymen He Vis
ited the Towns of Prentchani, •
jtristina and Daritza.
MUTESARIFF OF KOSSOVO *
WILL EXACT NEW TAXES
Operation Is Deemed Inadvisable
Owing to the Debilitated State
• of the Fatient.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 29.— Archbishop
Kain of St. Louis, who is a patient in St.
Agnes Sanitarium In this city, is reported
to be in a critical condition.
A consultation of physicians was held
late this afternoon and r it was decided
that, owing to the debilitated state of the
patjent, an operation at this time would
be inadvisable. Another consultation will
be held to-morrow morning,- and if the
patient is Improved at that time It may
be decided to perform the operation "for
appendicitis.
ARCHBISHOP OF ST. LOUIS
A VICTIM OF APPENDICITIS
BOSTONESE
TO GET NO
MORE MILK
tended Mass Meeting.
VIENNA,- Sept. 237— A meeting of
2000 Socialists was held to-night to pro
test against the visit of the Czar of Rus
sia. Addresses of the most violent char
acter were made. One speaker remarked:
\u2666The Czar, whose only instruments of
cultivation are the gallows, the prison
and Siberia, comes like a. thief, affected
by the stigma of his crimes, between a
cordon of troops!"
The meeting broke up with shouts ot
"Down with the Czar!"
Hake Speeches of a Most Violent
Character at a Largely At-
VIENNA SOCIALISTS
DENOUNCE THE CZAR
LONDON, Sept.} 29.— A mass-meeting of
protest against the situation in Macedonia
was held in St. James Hall here to r night
and was presided{over by the Bishop of
Worcester. The hall was crowded and
an overflow meeting had to be held.' The
throng was addressed by the Bishop of
Worcester, James JBryce, M. P.; Rev. R.
J t Campbell, pastor of the City Temple,
and others. .
• Resolutions -were adopted urging the
Government to' take action looking to
ending Turkish ' rule in Macedonia.
Letters of regret from the Archbishop
of- Canterbury, the Bishop of London,
Earl Spencer, and 'many other prominent
men for their. inability to attend and ex
pressing sympathylwith the object of the
meeting, were read. .
URGES BRITAIN TO ACTION.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— A very decided
change came over to-day's stock mar
ket. In place of the recent heavy liqui
dations and further shrinkage of values
in Wall Street.
Supporting Orders Check the Slump
PEICES ARE ADVANCED.
HANNA'S CAR
IS DERAILED
AT A SWITCH
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 2».— Mrs. A. J. Mor
ri«, who has been ill for a long tlmr,
though not confined to her bed, disap
peared from her home'at the corner of
Second' and Walnut streets last night and
her absence from the house was not dis
covered until late in the night. ;*?f
All search was unavailable, but to-day
it was learned that she had boarded \ a
car near her home and had ridden to the
ferry crossing to Coronado; that was
about 8:30 last night. A thorough search
of Coronado has been made, but without
an yc success, and her friends have about
reached t^e conclusion that she has ended
her life by drowning herself In the bay
and "that if she went aboard the ferry
at/.ll she did not cress to the other side.
M.rs. Morris has been mentally ill for sev
eral y>ars, but was supposed to be- safely
in her room and in bf^I last evening.
Suspicions.
FBIENDS HAVE A FEAR
• THAT SHE ENDED LIFE
Mrs. Mtnis of San Diego Disappears
and Relatives Have Their
At the opening of the sitting of the
lower house of the Diet to-day Count
Hedervary delivered a speech in defense
of Premier von Koerber, to the manifest
Irritation of the Kossuth and Apponyl
parties, the members of which constantly
interrupted his speech. The Premier, sat
down amid great uproar-, and cries' of
"Why did you not repel Von Koerber 1 s
statement?" "Sbame!" etc.
- Count Apponyi, \u25a0 the President of .'the
House, left the chair and conferred'- with
the members of all parties .with the re
sult that Francis Kossuth movea' a res
olution that the House sit to-morrow to
consider Hedervary's speech. : ».; i
It is feared that the Austrian advisers
of the crown will regard the defeat \ of
Count Hedervary as a personal affront to
the Emperor and apprehensions are felt
regarding the outcome of the crisis.
The situation is critical. It seems doubt
ful whether Francis Kossuth will be able
to impress' his peaceful policy on hi- fol
lowers, the majority of whom, led by
Jierr Barabas, are inclined to push the
agitation to extremes.
The German merchants in Budapest are
going in fear of their lives on account of
threats of death leveled at them. \u25a0
BUDAPEST, Sept! 29.— In consequence
of an adverse vote in the lower house of
the Hungarian. Diet to-day Premier Hed
ervary again submitted his resignation
and telegraphed to Emperor Francis Jo
seph begging for its acceptance. Count
Hedervary resigned in consequence of his
own party voting "against him on the
ground that his repudiation of the at
tacks made by the Austrian Premier, Dr.
von Koerber, upon • Hungarian national
rights In the Relchsrath ! was not pro
nounced enough. Premier von Koerber
had stated that Austria was prepared to
go to war in defense of Emperor Francis
Joseph's declaration on the subject of the
Hungarian language and other Hungarian
demands, and that It would not yield to
the latter.
It is the purpose of the new association
to fight all strikes, boycotts and other
labor troubles in the courts." •: ';
The object cf this federation, as an
nounced to-night, will be to protect and
promote the interests of the employers
and the independent workmen of the
country by all legitimate means.
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.— A Federation of
Manufacturers' and Employers' Associa
tions, employing thousands of. skilled
workmen, and with a combined capital of
$1,000,000,000, was formed In the-Audito
rium Annex to-day. Plans were made for
a general meeting of representatives of
employers' associations "and citizens' al
liances in Chicago the first. week in No
vember, when a national employers' as
sociation will be formed.
Frederick W. Job. of the Chicago Asso
ciation acted as chairman of the prelim
inary meeting, and A. C. Marshall cf
Dayton, Ohio, was secretary. A call for
this general meeting was left' in the
hands of Job, Marshall and E. G. Horn
brook of Kansas City.
SALON1CA, Sept. 29.— A band of insur
gents on September 27 attacked-- 'with
bombs the Turkish quarter at Razlog and
was repulsed with loss.
Orders have been received to stop the
military movements, but large quantities
of ammunition and fifteen guns Vere
sent to-day . to . Demirhissar, forty-five
miles from Salonlca.
The American mission has presented a
petition to Minister. Leishman and Sir
Nicholas R. O'Cqnor, the British Em
bassador, requesting them to secure the
admission of-a corps of the Red Cross
Society Into Turkey, or, as an alternative,
permission for the members of the Amer
ican mission to dispense charity.
Insurgents Assail the Mussulman
Quarter in Eazlog.
TURKS REPULSE ATTACK.
FOLLOWERS
OF KOSSUTH
WANT WAR
WILL FIGHT
STRIKERS IN
THE COURTS
It was announced from St. Petersburg
last .night that it was rumored in high
military circles there that General Kuro
patkin would be appointed Governor of
Caucasia and that he was to be replaced
as War Minister by General Bobrlkloff.
the Governor of Finance, Prince Obolen
bkl succeeding to the latter post.
The case of Talbot J. Taylor and others
to restrain the voting of stock held by
the Union Pacific Railway at the annual'
election of the Southern Pacific* Company]
was to-day formally, dismissed- in the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
on telegraphic adyiqes from counsel in
New York. It is now understood -that the
Southern Pacific election, which has been 1
postponed from time to time by. the court
since last April, will take place week af
ter next, at Beechmoht, a suburb of
Louisville, which 1s the legal headquarters
of the company. [ ;V. t>i . .-- •\u25a0 ;• -
Ham . and others, settled the
controversy between the Harriman and
Keenc interests in- the Union and South
ern Pacific companies and that the end
ing of the litigation is only part of a gen
eral movement for the Improvement of
the stock market.. While nothing can be
learned In Cincinnati of the terms of the
settlement between the contending Inter
ests, it is generally believed that there
has been such an agreement as to secure
in harmonious management the control
of the transcontinental trade of the en
tire country. ,-..... i
\u25a0 j> »» INCINNATI,. Ohio, Sept: 29.
g \\ It Is learned authoritatively
S in legal circles that John D.
ML Rockefeller, "operating in con-
junction with his brother Wil :
A story went the rounds during the day
that the leading financial Interests had
agreed to protect the market by united
action. The story was denied in authori
tative circles. '
\ Conditions at the outset were not en
couraging. The cables reported a situa
tion bordering on demoralization in Lon
don, where consols had fallen to another
low. record, with heavy declines' in the
leading Americans, notably the steel
stocks. . Initial. transactions in this mar
ket reflected the tone of that in London,
but after the first few minutes the mar
ket reversed its course, under the lead
of Pennsylvania, which was the pivotal
Issue of the day. That stock was openly
bought by interests that represent the
road financially, and', on sales of more
that 123,000 shares, made a net gain of Z"i
points.: The strength .of this stock was
more noteworthy In view of the previous
day's fierce drive against It.
Other active and strong stocks included
Union Pacific, Atchison, St. Paul, Erie,
Reading and ' United .'States Steel pre
ferred, all of which gained 2 points or
more. . • Some of the specialties made
greater advances, but. the bulk of the
day's operations was limited to the issues
named. ."
there was buying In large volume, appar
ently by the leading financial interests,
though it was more than likely that a
goodly part of the day's purchases was
really 'in the nature of supporting orders.
It Is also probable that some of the high
grade stocks were absorbed for invest
ment. The" bears were not slow to ob
serve the changed conditions, and covered
very extensively; in fact, their attitude
helped in no small degree to sustain the
list^ which was at top prjees at the close.
in the Russian frontier in Europe, being
contemporaneous with a reduction of the
military department at Keiff, command
ins the Austrian frontier.
' Kuropatkin as Minister for
War. The latter shared with M. Witte,
the president of the Council of Ministers
and \u25a0 former Minister of Finance, the dis
favor groTvir.s; out of the Manchurian
complications. The change is considered
significant o.f a modification of the Rus
sian military policy in the Far East and
Tif"**^ ARIS. Sept. 2?.— Official ad 7
Jjr H vices from St. Petersburg
" jBF w indicate that General Sa
'M "" haroff. the chief of staff
JbL will soon succeed General.
Kuropatkin Will Be Relieved Because of
His Unpopular Far Eastern Policy.
c Dentocrats held their «nunlcipal conven
tion to-«isht and put a full ticket in the
field with "the exception of nCtking a.
nomination for the office of City Attorney.
*W. J. 'Hassett, a printer and stationer,
h^ads the ticket for Mayor. -It was «?x-
that Major t\~. A. Gett -would
mike e contest with Hassett, but . he
* withdrew his candjdncy before entering
the t convention and seconded' Hassett's
notnlrianUon. There were no contests for
any nominations. The following Is the
Democratic ticket: • • . ' — ;.
Majsor, W. J. Has^ttt; City- Attorney,
sjTio rumination; Auditor and Assessor, W.
D. Cc;n*tock; Treasurer. Charles M.
Prodger; City Collector, L. H, Spaulding;
c City Trustees— Second ward. D. H.
Flynn: Fourth ward, F. A. McManus;
Six£i ward, R. E. Callahan; Eighth ward.
M. R- " Beard. School Directors— First
•ward, no nomination; Third ward, W. F.
Mahler; Fifth wardr F. A. Ziegler;
'Seventh .ward, Charles S. Ott; Ninth
ward. William Hallinan.
The City Central Committee was
authcrizM to fill all vacancies which
. exist or may occur. jj
* Hassett Leads the Ticket and a Com
i - . mittee May Fill Some
Vacancies.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 20.— The local
SACRAMENTO DEMOCRATS
•NAME THEIR CANDIDATES
I FOREMOST RUSSIAN STATESMAN, - WHO IS NOW IN DISFAVOR
] WITH CZAR NICHOLAS, AND CHIEF OF' STAFF,- WHO IS SOON TO
« BE APPOINTED MINISTER OF WAR.
FINANCIER ".WHOSE LEGAL ENCOUNTER " WITH PRESIDENT HAR
RIMAN ENQED IN DISASTER, AND OIL KING WHO IS WORKING
TO BOLSTER UP < THE NEW YORK : STOCK MARKET.
Oil King Credited With Establishing Peace
Between Harriman and Keene.
A telegram received here from the' camp
of General Zonticheff, the commander in
chief of the Macedonian insurgents, at
Razlog (fifty-five miles from Sofia),
announces that a general rising was pro
claimed on September 27, In the dis
tricts of Razlog, Novrokop, Demlrhissar,
Melnik and Seres, and that all of the in
surgent bands in Eastern Macedonia had
received direct orders to begin operations.
The chief hope of the revolutionary or
ganization now- centers in the-outbreak
in Eastern Macedonia, which is .expected
to assume considerable proportions, ' as
the leaders there are all officers of the
Eulgarian reserve. This, the sym
pathizers with .; the Macedonian cause
hope, will arouse a war feeling In the
Bulgarian army: and force the' Govern
ment to espouse the Macedonian cause.
Dispatches received here from various
sources say General Zontichen* has bc-en
greeted everywhere with the greatest en
thusiasm and that all the peasants are
flocking to his banner.
A letter from: Philippopolis, dated yes
terday, says the authorities there have
distributed rifles and ammunition in all
the frontier villages for use In case of an
attack being made by the Turks.
It is reported that all the Intelligent
Bulgarians of the town of Okhrida were
recently arrested on suspicion of com?
munlcating with the insurgent bands arid
were sent in chains to Monastlr.
Another fight is reported to. have taken
place near Okhrida, t mlle$
from Monastiivin which fifty -Turks. were
killed and many were wounded.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 29.-Omar
Pasha has been nominated commander
in chief of all the forces in European
Turkey, with his staff chosen by himself.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 29.— A dispatch
from Rilo says the town of Razlog has
been in flames since Sunday night.
The insurgents are attacking Butchevo
with cannons and severe fighting is re
ported to be going on between the insur
gent hands and the Turkish troops. The
sound of artillery is plainly heard at
Rlla.' ;
The statement in part follows:
"As regards the Miller case. I have little
to add to what I have already said. In
dealing with it. I ask you to remember
that I am dealing purely with the relation
of the ' Government to its employes. 1
must govern my action by the laws of
the land, which I am sworn to administer,
and which differentiate any case in which,
the Government of the United States is a
party from all other cases whatsoever.
These laws are enacted. for the benefit 6t
the whole people, and cannot and must
not be construed as permitting discrimi
nation against some of the people. I am.
President of all the people of the United
States, without regard to creed, color,
birthplace, occupation or social condition.
My aim Is to do equal and exact justice
as among them all. In the employment
and dismissal of men in the Government
service- 1 can no more recognize the fact
that a man does or does not belong to
a union as being for or against him than
I can recognize the fact that he Is a Pro
testant or a Catholic, a Jew or a gentile,
as being for or against him.
"In the communication sent me by
various , labor organizations* protesting
against the retention of Miller In the
Government Printing Office the grounds
alleged are two fold. First, that he 13 a
non-union man; second, that he Is not
personally fit. The question of his per
sonal fitness is one to be settled In the
routine of administrative detail and can
not be allowed to conflict with or to com
plicate the larger question of Govern
mental discrimination for or against him
or any other man because he is or is not
a member of a union. This is the only
question now before me for decision, and
as to this my decision is final."
LABOR LEADERS DISSATISFIED.
From the manner of the labor leaders
as they came from the White House it
was evident that they were not entirely
satisfied with the result of their Interview.
They declined to be Interviewed, Gompers
referring the reporters to the statement
thati would be given out by the President's
secretary regarding the Miller case.
While he was talking one of his associ
ates wished it to be Impressed on the re
porters that J.he President's statement
should be understood by them to be an en
tirely "Independent statement." and not'
as an answer to the councll'3 request.
The council also brought to the atten
tion of the President several matters of
legislation In which It is interested.
Among these is the enforcement of the
eight-hour and the antl-lnjunctlon btr.s
which passed the. House of. Representa
tives at the last session of Congress. The
President, Gompers said, expressed him
self as favorable to the principles of the
short-hour work day and reiterated hU
deep concern for the interest of the wags
earners of the country.
EQUAL JUSTICE TO ALL.
WASHINGTON. Sept. ».-An impor
tant consultation took place at the Whita
House to-day between President Roose
velt and five members of the executive
council of the American Federation of
Labor, including President Gompers and
John Mitchell, head of the Miners'. Union,
during which the case of. Foreman W. A.
Miller of the Government Printing Office,
who was dismissed because he had been
expelled from the local Bookbinders"
Union and afterward waa reinstated by
direction of the President, was the prin
cipal topic of discussion. The conference
was granted at the request of the labor
leaders. The Miller case was very fully
presented by the members of the» execu
tive council. Then the President made a
statement In which he announced that tats
decision not to dismiss Miller was final,
and that the question of Miller's personal
fitness must be settled in the regular rou
tine of administration.
» While the prisoners • are released on
'their own recognizance, it is safe to con
jecture that none will voluntarily return
• Tor trtal.. They were a bad lot and their
•p-rresr cost months of hard work for
Government officials.
The course adopted- by Judge Burns is
"regarded as the only feasible one under
the circumstances. The spread of yellow
fever has become alarming and to keep
prisoneri^hoarded up in jail was to main
tain, a m fever incubator, jeopardizing the
Jives not only of the prisoners, but of the
cemmu^ty. Removal to another prison
was regarded, as next to an impossible
.tack, as the quarantine is very rigid in
all Judge Burns has been
Y-oiidorlTve Mio «t«T»- tr» be -talten for sev
eral days and determined upon action
when apprised of the alarming pace of
the disease.
Of the 0 ' sixteen United States prisoners
held In Laredo, three were "charged with
counterfeiting, one with robbery of the
Government mails, fix with smuggling
end the remainder wit-h various offenses.
HOUSTON, Tex.. Sept. 20.— Sixteen
United States prisoners in the yellow, fe
ver "infected town of Laredo, Tex., were
to-night set at large. An order was is
sued 'dv Judge Walter T. Burns of the
Federal' Court of the South District of
Texas this evening, which opened the
prteon doors and permitted the unfor
tunate inmates to go their way.. The or
der"* wa^S /is follows : *
"Owing to the prevalence of yellow fe
ver In Laredo. J'nlted States 3,'Iarshai
Vann Is hereby ordered to release all
United States prisoners and wit-nesses
confined in the Webb County jail^ in La
redo". .All are to be released upo'n the'r
own personal recognizance."
* Social Disputes * c The CaI1
Cannot as Chief Executive
Discriminate Against
Non-Union Men.
'ficed to the Spread
.- ing Plague.
Offenders Will Not Be Sacri-
Federal Judge Orders
That They Be Given
' Their Freedom.
Gives Final Answer to
American Federa
tion Leaders.
President Refuses
to Dismiss
Miller.
Sixteen Convicts
Are Released
at Laredo.
FEVER OPENS
THE GATES
OF A PRISON
UNIONS FAIL
TO SWERVE
ROOSEVELT
PRICE FIVE GENUS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER 30; 1903.
' VOLUME XGIV— XO. 122.
GENERAL SAHAROFF
TO BECOME RUSSIAN
MINISTER OF WAR
ROCKEFELLER ACTS
FOR IMPROVEMENT
OF STOCK MARKET
The San Francisco CallTHE HANDSOME STRUCTURE
.WHICH IS . TO 'BE ERECTED
AT SANTA CRUZ. \
Devine Sentenced to Prison.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 29.-Jarnes H.
Devine. a member of the City Board of
Trustees, was to-day adjudged guilty of
contempt of court in having refused to
answer certain Questions respecting
bribes alleged to have been offered for
his vote and influence as a member of
the governing body of the city. He was
sentenced to the County Jail until such
time as he may answer the questions put
to him by the Grand Jury, but his ap
plication for a day's stay of execution
pending preparation for a writ of habeas
corpus was granted.
Murdered Woman Identified.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 29.— The
body of a. woman found in East Lake
Sunday with three bullet holes .in her,
head, was positively identified to-day as
that of" Miss Xellie ShafHeld. .aged 33
years. Miss Shaffield was a - member of
an excellent family and as 1 she was an
invalid end seldom went oat, the mystery
of her murder is intensified.
The ceremonies were under the auspices
of the Grand Lodge of Masons of Califor
nia, Grand Master Orrin S. Henderson of
Stockton being in charge. The oration
was by the Rev. E. D. McCreary. The
school children sang "America" and the
'•Red, White and Blue," and the Choral
Union, under the direction of W. M. Ay
delotte, sang "Hail, Masonry Divine," the
Masonic cornerstone hymn, "Jubilate" in
B flat and the "Doxology."
The architectural style of the building
will be modified Romanesque. It will be
one story in height and will have a base
ment. The outside walls are to be of
Alma sandstone, with Arizona sandstone
trimmings, worked out Jn neat patterns.
The foundations are of concrete, with
heavy footings.
The main roof will be covered with Cal
ifornia slate. The interior walls will be
tinted and decorated and the interior fin
ish will be In spruce.'
There are two main entrances for the
first floor, one from Locust and the other
from Church street. The -vestibules are
to be tiled and wainscoted.
The distributing room in the center is
lighted from the top. It has a beamed
ceiling and paneled wainscoting-. Open-
Ing from the distributing room is the
stock room, with a capacity of 30,000 vol
umes. The general reading room is 26x32
feet, well lighted and provided with a
generous fireplace. The juvenile room Is
across the .hall and is 17x23 and has an
open fireplace. . The committee room is
12x18 and opens' off the general .Teaamg
robin and the main' hall. The librarian's
room' is between the stock and juvenile
Hastings Band; Fourth Division, Naval
Militia of California; Santa Cruz Canton
No. 33. Patriarchs Militant; Avalon Com
pany No. 9, Uniform Rank, K. of P. ;
Board of Santa Cruz Library Trustees:
City Council; Board of Supervisors of
Santa Cruz County; Watsonville Com
mandery No. 22, K. T.; Idlewild Chapter
No. 19. O. E. S. : Santa Cruz Lodge No.
3S, F. and A. M.; Grand Lodge, F. and A.
M., of the State of California.
On the afternoon train the members of
the California Grand Lodge of Masons
arrived and numbers of the Masonic fra
ternity and 'VN'atsonville Commandery,
Knights Templar. Preceding the cere
monies was a parade through the main
streets. Dr. T. TV. Drullard was grand
marshal. The order of parade was as fol
lows:
was a holiday. The stores were
closed and the school children were dis
missed at an early hour. .
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 29.— The cor
nerstone of the new Carnegje Free
Library was laid to-day with
much ceremony and the afternoon
Special Dlepateh to The CaJl.
Fcur others had a chance to escape, but
preferred to remain and serve out their
sentence rather than run the risk of be
ing cantured and serve a term in the
State prison.
The prisoners who escaped were: Harry
Camp, who was serving a sentence of 160
days for obtaining money by false pre
tenses: Peter Beck, who came from Wat
sonville to serve ISO days and had served
Fixty of them; he was charged with petty
larceny. Dennis Dawson was one of three
serving seventy days for the robbery of
Mayor Quinn's house and had served
about thirty days.
The floor Is of bitumen pavement, and
by the use of the sharp staple they loos
ened the bitumen and then took off the
coating of bitumen, removed the mac
adam and dug into the earth. The exca
vation was just large enough for an ordi
nary man to crawl through.
This passage led them to the outer cor
ridor. The next step was easy. They
tllmbtd up the bars of the corridors and
reached the top of the cells. Three feet
above them are a number of ventilators
covered on the inside with iron netting
and on the outside, stationed in the
bricks, are the iron bars. The netting
was easily removed on the inside and
.then the removal of the bars was an easy
matter, as was discovered upon exami
nation. The vertical bars were held to
gether by two flat bars of steel, which
were horizontally laid between the bricks
cf the outer wall and which were re
moved by heavy kicks.
The ventilator was then just an open
ing large enough for the men to crawl
through, which they must, have done, and
then ca£ie a twenty-foot drop to the soft
earth beneath. Th«y chose the ventilator
adjoining the Superintendent of Schools'
office, as the ground at this place is un
pavtd, having been left for garden pur
poses. The place where they made the
escape is near the main street, in the
heart of the town.
In the local jail there are two sets of
cells. The ones in the upper tier are for
the felons and the ones beiow are for the
petty offenders. In the lower cage the
cells' are not locked at night, but the cor
ridor cage is locked. The men who es
caped had Ftoleh a staple used to hold
the electric lights In the cell and late at
night commenced their work. For a
hammer a piece of stone wound with a
piece of blanket to deaden the sound was
used.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 29.— There was a
jail break here last night and three pris
oners made their escape from the county
jail. The break bad been carefully
planned and the men carried it out most
successfully.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officials Astonished to Dis
cover Disappearance of
Culprits.
Sabta . • Crtiz Offenders
Tunnel Through the
Jail Floor.
BUSY PRISONERS
MAKE ESCSPE
CHICAGO. Sept. 29. .—Word was received
hero to-day., of the . sudden death of Henry J.
Willing, 1 one of the pioneer merchants of Chi
cago, at Jefferson, N*. II., last night.
MINNEAPOLIS. Sept. 29.- — The < executive
committee of the State, Federation of I^abor
at a meeting to-nlKht decided to raise $100,000
for the benefit of the flour : mill : strikers.
MAKBLEHEAD. Mass.. Sept. 29.— Benjamin
O. Brown, for thirty-five years professor of
mathematics at Tufts College, died to-day of
heart dir ease at hia summer home here, aged
CU years.
One of Queen Wilhelrnina's treasures^
i3 a private Journal or notebook adorned j
with pen and ink sketches. She and her j
friends add to these sketches from time !
to time. j
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last night the case of Patrolman
James F. Dennan, charged with unofflcer
like conduct, came up for final disposal.
The complaint against Dcnr.au was that
he created a disturbance with his wife in
a lodging-house on Seventh street. At
the first hearing of the charge a week
ago Commissioner Hutton was in favor
of discharging Dennan from the force,
but an adjeurnment of the matter was
taken until yesterday, when the board
fined the patrolman $100. The charge
against Patrolman Clew of not meeting
an obligation also came up for hearing,
but was adjourned for a week.
Patrolman Dennan Fined.
Whitworth was a prominent member ofa
the Odd Fellows and the local members!
of the order are making a careful search!
for him. He was a merchant in Lake- 1
view and an examination of his business 1
ha3 shown that he could not have been 1
embarrassed by financial troubles. He
was a temperance man* and never gzm-l
bled. He was elected Mayor of Lakeviewjj
last November. He has a merchandise^
store In the town. His wife and two.
stepsons are anxiously awaiting news of
him.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 29.-II. C. Whit
worth, the Mayer of Lakeview. OregonJ
has mysteriously disappeared. He left.
his town August 13 for a trip to San
Francisco, where he intended to buy some
goods for his store, and expected to be
back by August 2S. Apparently he fin
ished up his business in the California
city earlier than he anticipated, and in
stead of taking the train for Lakeview
he came further north and reached Port
land a few days before he was due at
home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Governor listened intently to the
arguments advanced, both by those who
favored, and those wtfo opposed the con-
Btruction of the weir.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 29.-The auditing
board to the Commissioner of Public
.Works this afternoon held a conference
Jointly with Governor Pardee and Lieu
tenant Colonel W. H. Heuer. U. S. A.,
with reference to the proposed -weir at
Butte Slough.
' Residents of Colusa County along the
Sacramento River opposed the installa
tion of this weir on the ground that it
would force flood waters against their
levees and cause them great harm.
Butte Slough is in Sutter County, but all
the residents on the east or Sutter side
do not favor the weir. . However, those
who do claim that the Colusa ranchers
have built up leveeg to their detriment
and that it is time the Sutter ranchers
looked after \ their own interests. It is
also proposed to put in a weir at Moul
tons Break, above. Butte Slough. By so
doing the Sutter ranchers claim it, would
be possible to utilize a part of the Sutter
Basin j for. a much longer period than can
be done now.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Executive of Lakeview
Goes Traveling and
Disappears.
Butte Slough Conditions
Are Discussed at
Sacramento.
GOVERNOR HEARS
THE ARGUMENTS
Otto Norman, famous as a caterer for
the last twenty-five years in this city, is
dead. Norman passed peacefully away
shortly before noon to-day at his resi
dence, .801 Pine street. He had been 111
for many months past, but refused to
quit his dally labors till a few days ago.
when he was stricken suddenly. Since
that time he rapidly lost strength till the
end finally came.
Otto Norman was born In Germany
fifty-three years ago. 'Twas in Berlin
that he learned the art of catering, nnd
he came to this city about twenty years
ago and opened a restaurant on Bush
street above Kearny. The place soon be
came noted for the excellence of Its ser
vice and gained a wide reputation.
About eight years ago Mr: Norman
moved to the basement of the Baldwin
Hotel. He fitted up an elaborate place,
but soon afterward was burned out by
the bis fire. He then moved back to his
original place of business and has been
located there ever since.
for Many Years, Dies at His
Residence.
Otto Norman, Famous as a Caterer
By the appointment made yesterday by
Governor Pardee of J.. E. Doolittle to be
a trustee of the State Mining Bureau, the
reorganization of the official board of the
bureau, is complete. The members .now
are Thomas B. Bishop of San Francisco,
Harold T. Power of Placer county; Frank
Monaghan of Monaghan, Murphy & Co.
of Needles; J. E. Doolittle, who is largely
interested in mining properties in many
localities on his own account and also
representing capitalists, and Fred Har
vey, an assayer at Gait, Sacramento
bounty.
Governor Pardee Names J. E. Doo
little to Assist in Administering
State Mining Bureau.
DEATH SUMMONS NOTED
RESTAURANT KEEPER
COMPLETES MEMBERSHIP
OF BOARD OF TRUSTEES
TOWN IN OREGON
LOSES A MAYOR
j The, programme, .with slight variations,
will be repeated to-night and to-morrow
night. - -•.\u25a0-\u25a0: . ,i r ,
The feature of the programme was the
numbers by Master Barton and- Misses
Ruth .Wilson and Irma Roper. The per
formance of the little ones was loudly ap
plauded. . ;. \u25a0 \u25a0; \u25a0 \u25a0 . ... • S
Bcnes — W. "W. Brackett, C. Weston, E. Scau
lar. Interlocutor — W. H. Brown. Tamboe —
Elton , Lambert. A. -Trail. L. A. Colton. "On
Board the U. S. Cruiser California" — Opening
chorus, "Sail. Ho," "Soldier Boy," "Anona,"
"Show de White of Your Eye." Introduction
cf end men. "If Christopher Columbus Hadn't
Sailed." Solo, William Stern: end song. Fred
Bcanlan; sailor's hornpipe.'- Master Montague
Barton: solo. P. A. Grtfflng; songr and dance,
Wcston and Trau: whistling solo, William Alt
mann. Introduction of second edition of end
men. "Grand Opera." Fancy song: and whirl
wind dance, Ruth Wilson and Irma Ropfr;
solo, J. Davles: end eong, : W. W. Brackett;
solo, William H. Brown; end song,.. Elton
Lambert; finale. Kph a-sa-fa Dill, gambling
man. W. W. Brackett, Elton Lambert and the
cpmpany. . . - '
The first of a series of three minstrel
entertainments given by the Native Sons
In aid of the fund that is being raised
to meet the expenses of the ceremonies
that the Native Sons of the Golden West
will have in connection with the launch
ing of the cruiser California, was given
fn Native Sons' Hall last night. There
\u25a0was a good house, showing that the pub
lic is taking an Interest In the undertak
ing of the Native Sons.
Before the raising of the curtain, R.
D. Barton, chairman of the evening, In
troduced James L. Gallagher, .'grand
second' vice-president, who, in s a short
address, told of the purpose, of the en
tertainments.
When the curtain was rolled, up there
was exposed to the audience a stage set
ting in the form of the stern of a vessel
and . In a moment there appeared the
minstrels, who were attired In white
suits of the United States Navy, while
the soloists wore the uniform of com
missioned officers and the interlocutor
was attired in the uniform of a naval
captain. '
The following are the names of those
who took part in the entertainment and
their specialties:
Novel Feature in Stage Setting at a
Minstrel Show Given Last
Night.
NATIVE SONS RAISE FUNDS
FOR LAUNCHING COMMITTEE
Goldman was in court yesterday morn
ing, and asked the Judge .to dismiss the;
case, as he would not prosecute it. The
Judge refused to do so, but suggested
that both Goldman and Snow, with their
attorneys, appear in court . this morning
when, if a satisfactory showing was
made, he would dismiss the case. ,
A. Goldman, merchant, Oakland, who
had ex-Mayor R. W. Snow of Oakland
arrested on a charge of libel, sent the
following letter to Police Judge Fritz and
Assistant District Attorney Harris:
"Having received, satisfaction for the
injury complained of by me in an action
instituted by me in said court against R.'
W. Snow for criminal libel, I request that
all, proceedings be stayed upon such pros
ecution and the defendant bo discharged
therefrom as provided in sections 1377
and 1378 of the Penal Code of this State."
Asks. That the Libel Case Against
Ex-Mayor Snow of Oakland
Be Dismissed.
GOLDMAN SAYS HE. HAS ; .
BECEIVED SATISFACTION
As president and director of a number
of the principal asphalt companies in this
country, among them the Trinidad Com
pany, which owns the famous pitch lake
on Trinidad Island; the Barber Asphalt
Company and the Clovena and Statena
companies, he naturally wields an enor
mous influence in the market, and his
presence here , attended as it is with so
much secrecy, is regarded as very sig
nificant. He is also the head of a bank
ing and trust company in Washington.
Just what the mission of Mr. Barber in
this city is no one seems to know. During
the day he has been closeted with several
persons, all strangers in San Francisco,
and has refused to receive reporters.
Amzi Lorenzo Barber of Washington,
one of the important financial factors in
the great asphalt trust, which was or
ganized under his direction, has been in
this city for several days and living
quietly at the .Grand Hotel. He declined
to register upon his arrival and has since
guarded his Dresence in the city as care
fully as possible. He reached San Fran
cisco on the Central overland last Sunday
with several friends, who secured apart
ments at the Palace, while he went across
the street and asked for the best accom
modations to be had at the Grand, the
management of which assigned him to the
rooms on the first floor overlooking the
intersection of Market with New Mont
gomery. ,
Millionaire Barber Is an
Unrecorded Guest
at Grand.
ASPHALT KING
VISITING CITY
rooms and Is provided with cases. [- . *
W. H. Weeks of" Watson ville is the ar
chitect.. Miss -Minerva ". Waterman" the
librarian, Miss Doeltz the assistant, and
the trustees are Dr.-F." W. Bliss, Samuel
L«ask. J. W. Linscott, Dr. C. L. Anderson
and E. L. Williams. . • . i
Fourth-class postmaster appointed-
Washington: James Wilder, Blewett, Che-
Ian County, vice George B. Copley, re
signed.
Navy order — Lieutenant Commander
Claird is detached from the. Boston and
will proceed to Hot Springs, Ark., for
treatment.
Army order— The leave of absence
granted Second Lieutenant Thomas B.
Esty, Ninth Cavalry, Department of Cali
fornia, is extended one month.
Postoffices established — "Washington :
Castile, Jefferson County, Samuel R. Cas
tile, postmaster; Spirit Lake, Skawanla
County, Ray Wlckham, postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned — Oregron:
Laura V. Applegate, Stacey.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 29.— Patents were
issued to-day to Calif ornlans as follows:
Samuel H. 'Anderson, Los Angeles, elfictrjc
light mounting;. Sparks M. Berry and K. W.
. Gale, Los Angeles, basement door apparatus;
George W. Boyd. asslEiior, one-half to J. O.
Low and L.- M. rBourband,- San Francisco, hy
dro-carbon-burner;. .AVllliam P. Bryant, as
signor, seyen : eighths to W.B. Roberts, O. W.
Gray. D.r.'W. MacKlnshaw.-.P. 8. Gruendike,
W.-M." Wilson; H. A. Wood and W. G. Tower,
'Corona, railroad construction; George H. Butz
bach, '.San' Francisco, trick' bass viol; John F.
Cook, Oxnard, combination bed and table;
Charles -A:*- Devts." Pasadena", fastening device
for artificial teeth; Jra.M. Dllinan, Oakland,
ironing (board;- Gustave H. Dworzek, San
Francisco, Instrument makers' toolholder;
James A. Gray, San Francisco, can heading
machine; Charles Harter, South Pasadena, trol
ley pole- controller; E. Hipollte, Los Angeles,
pivoted- window; Frederick W. Krohn, San
Francisco, safety gas supply pipe attachment;
Harry . H..- Krohn, assignor, one-half to L. G.
Loomis, : Los .Angeles. , ratchet swivel; Marcus
S. Le\ve.' Frulivale, driving mechanism for ore
concentrators i Celestlne .Petrinl, Bakersfleld,
connections for locomotive oil burner heaters;
Francis X. St. Lcuis and H. M. Jackson. Go
lusa, independent vote mechanism for voting
machines; same, straight ticket mechanism for
voting machines: same, Interlocking mechanism
for voting machines: Frank Thomson. Santa
Ana, apparatus for heating ties : Oliver Van
Norman, assignor, one-half to F. Swift, Los
Angeles, trolley wire crossing; Charles J. Ver
non, deceased (G. B. Vernon, administratrix)
and W. A. Choate, Los Angeles, said Choate
assignor to said Vernon, fruit peeling appara
tus. , •
Patents Are Isued to California In
ventors and. Changes Made in
. . the Postal Service.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
"It smelled like guano," said one of the
officers, '/and fell t>o thickly that it was
stifling. At times we went about our
work gasping for breath.
"The most plausible explanation is that
the showers of.- sand came from the Sa
hara Desert. . I have heard of sandstorms
in midocean, but. this is the first time one
ever came under my observation. Scien
tists state that these sandstorms only
occur once every three years, but why
theyoccur at stated periods is not clear."
'^; Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. ' Sept. 29.— The ] officers
of the "British ship Dunslow, just arrived,
report having, witnessed a phenomenon
while the vessel was about 600 miles off
the African coast , v \u25a0\u25a0 ..
One ..morning when most- of the ship's
company were on deck a- light shower of
sand began to fall. Within half an hour
the air became so laden with the particles
that it was difficult to distinguish objects
a ship's. length distant. The sand was
generally of a light composition, much of
it drifting on the air currents. Some of It
was heavy and fell upon the deck. So
great was the downpour that the deck of
the ship was covered about Ifalf an inch
deep. The shower continued for three
days and the atjnosphere was so dense at
times that the sun 'was hidden from view.
dreds;; of M iles From
- '^fr3ca's Coasts ; .
Remarkable Occurence* Hun-
\u25a0Officers of a British Ship
' T^lfc of a Phe- - \u25a0 :
:' \u25a0; V f iiomenon. %i :. r ! ; • \ \.
Ceremonies Are Held at the Seaside City on the Occasion
of an Interesting Event and School .Children Participate
in Programme Which Makes Notable -the Receipt of Gift
SHOWER OF SAND
STIFLES SAILORS
MASONS LAY CORNERSTONE
FOR A SANTA CRUZ LIBRARY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEJUBER 30, 1903.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach; and by re-
moving the cause,; effects a cure.
' Used and recommended by leadingphy-
SJCians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
Wl.OO, at druggists or. by mail, from
' 61.6 ' Prince St. '- '^ STew Tork
. Scndjur Booklet.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Invite attention to their selection of
Men's Fall Overcoats
C Our stock of Overcoats- this Fall surpasses in- quality,
style and variety, as well as '\u25a0 in proportions, all efforts we "
have heretofore made in this line. ' .
CL For men of conservative tastes we have a full line
of staple Blacks, and Oxfords in a pleasing variety of
styles.
CL Young men will like the new belted long -Coats that
come in a wide variety of Tweeds. They are both single
and double breasted, and have full, loose skirts.
<£ The Surtout, or Paddock, Coat will be popular with
smart dressers. This Coat has a close-fitting back and
; well-defined waist line, from which depend the long, loose,
full skirts. Styles are both single and double breasted
I fly front, or single breasted, with buttons showing.
Men's Overcoats, Black and Oxford Coatings 43 to 47
1 $10.00 to $ss;oo
Men's Long Belted Overcoats in large variety of fine
Tweeds, new and stylish. "Roos- C1P f\f\ t C*PA aa
made From ... JID.OUIO $50.00
Men's Long Surtouts or Paddock Coats, single and
double breasted, very swell. "Roos- tfjn g\/\ .- ffnp nn
made." From 4>OU.U0 10 $55.00
-*3F "Roos-made" means that the garments so designated were made to
our order by the best tailors in New York and Chicago from fabrics
Specially selected for our house.
*ff Mail orders promptly filled.' Write at once to Department B for new
Style book "About Clothes'?.. \u25a0,\u25a0•*• \u25a0 _ .
KEARNY AT POST
PBAGERS , { PBAOEES J _~55^25?L^__
•^A : jK|, Green Trading Stamps Ti £%>
'IflpliiJfc Given to All Visitors jSL %#
Shopping Opportunity for Some Good Values in
House Furnishings. Cloak and Suit Section.
— ; ** — f^\ NLY those garments which are seasonable
THE items here have been arranged to show \^ and inmost demand are being offered for
the real values more than anything else. The this great sale to-day. They have been se-
limited amount of space here will not permit Iected from an immense stock and marked into
any lengthy description, and they must be seen to very choice specials.
be appreciated. . o^ WAISTS.
45c— Heavy bleached table damask. Regular $1.25— Fine cheviot oxford waists in black and
60c value. . wlnte, dot and small figures. Strictly tailor-made
OOc Heavy bkached uUe damask. Re g u.ar J* Vimf" Cular '£,5 £££" ** '"*
75c value. PETTICOATS
#1.39-8-4 hemmed table cloths; worth $2.00 USc-Black sateen petticoats,' made of excellent
each - quality sateen. Double ruffles around bottom
$1. 78— 10-4 hemmed table cloths; worth $2.50 Corded and strapped. .Worth $1.50.
each. CHILDREN'S DRESSES.
$2.29—12-4 hemmed table cloths; worth $3.00 OSc — Pretty dresses for children tor school and
each. " ' vacation wear; ages 4 to 14 years. Made of new
89c each— Regular $1.10 bedspreads' clan and tartan plaids. Front is made bertha ef-
TSc-Bed pmows .ha, S e., always a. $1 . 25 . 1 £g£'
49c— Sheets; worth 65c regularly. Box COATS.
S i-3c each — Pillow cases. Regular I2j^c values. $5.95 — Swell box coats made of fine all-wool
$C.5O— Fine white blankets; sell always at $10. kersey, in tan, castor, blue and black. Regular coat
S5c each— Regular $1.10 comforters. collar, turnback cuffs. Lined throughout. All
S l-3c each— Towels; worth I2^c. S1 « S A ft Wor A th ??°O. - Lt
sti n*v t o^» w^rtv. *\u25a0> -r. $3.1)o — An all-wool kersey coat, 27 inches lone.
$1.9o-Lace curtains, worth $2.50. Beautifully tailor stitched and perfect fitting. All
10c a yard— Flannels; all the latest patterns. colors and sizes. Only a limited quantity left \
Regular 15c value. regular $7.50 value.
Dress Goods and Silks. Moderate Price Millinery.
WITHOUT any exaggeration these values d|* A C For those who are looking for
cannot be equaled by any other store in W^»T?^ a serviceable every day hat we
this city. They have been arranged espe- r willingly recommend those de-
cially for this great Red Letter Day Event. L_ ' scribed here.
Felt turban with binding of Astrachan braid. It
DR.ESS GOODS.' < Is trimmed with black pompons and aigrettes.
50c a yard— 38-inch suitings— zibelines, Scotch -t? Iack Gainsbo «"ough felt, trimmed with satin
mixtures and cheviots. An excellent value. ribbon and a large black bird. A very stylish hat.
* 1.OO a yard-so-inch black zibeHne, !^£$3SSS wi.H t/ g f iTlf'LtS
$1.OO a yard— 52-mch black Venetian. velvet. A dressy hat for a miss.
SILKS - • . a Sale of Children's Hats.
S5c a yard— 24-inch black Swiss taffeta. Regu- _ ~ —
lar $125 quality. ?±.J^— l-elt hats ot all descriptions; .some trim-
\u25a0 *1.OO a yard- 24 -inch black peau de so,*. Do U - ™ d n
ble tace - colors and trimmed very prettily.
NewsibrWomen Fall Gloves, For Men and Boys
'^n HESE bargains are such T^ most popular silk QOME phenomenal reductions
HSR a S .f^are^er^rre °J »
women wh^looMng ; for gooS pairs of silk
values in undergarments. • , oyes :£t received. Two- S11 (mTw, „?
CHILDREN'S KNIT SHIRTS. clasp, double tip. Heavy quality ste " ds in all the'new fall "o'lorTn^
5Oc— Made of merino yarn, a J pure silk. Black and white, in and shapeSf tai i or ,. d in the be * t
Jersey knit, in pink, blue and red, all^sizes. _ possible manner, lined with good
with contrasting border stripes. J ' »» c a pair— 1500 pairs of ex- Italian Iining5< finished with b
A good bargain. tra heavy all pure silk gloves, tension shoulders and haircloth
CIRCULAR SHAWLS ?*$ d ° uble t!P ' tWO daSpS - Ju* fronts - Regular $15.00 values
CIR.CULAK SMAW1A tips out-wear the rest of the Soeciil for to hJ orTt v Vdlucs -
91.SO— They are of fine Shet- gloves. They come in black and *P CC ™ 1 tor to-day only.
land yarn in white, pink -and white. MEN'S OVERCOATS.
white, blue and white, lavender ' - S9.O0 — Made up in the new-
and white and black. A regular W/mtiotw'c Cknoc est fal1 style " cut 4§ inches lon £-
$2.00 shawl. * WOmen S onoeS. finished with slash pockets and
CORSETS. $1.49— WOMEN'S kid shoes S ood strong linings. Good
<zi nrv v ) : (~~~t- with patent tip, lace; extension value at 512.00.
*a }\ a 1 Wt w? -ih c°r soles and military heels. Broken BOYS' SUITS.
model deep habit hip with gar- s|zes Regular i^.^ shoes . $2.50— Sailor Norfolk suits;
match. T hey J ]|i A F^ATA^/^P'^Il^l- J A "OT TT* blackand
are perfectly ||| AiUWMO KfiVJLi AOIylC/ brown colors.
reed^r"' 1 Pl238-1250>lARKET ST.^""-- stOAKLAND. Sept, 29.— As a result of a
shooting affray yesterday morning at
William Hein's saloon, 1055 Thirteenth
avenue, William Maxrield. Charles Stick
ney and Daniel Morris have been arrested.
Hein claims that Maxfield threw a chair
at him. The saloon man shot at his as
sailant, but the bullet struck Joseph Gray
In the arm.
Saloon Man Causes Arrests.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— W. W. Moore,
whose wife is suing him for divorce, has
applied to Mayor Olney for permission
to carry a revolver. Moore, whose case
is still pending, says he has received
anonymous letters threatening his life.
Receives Threatening Letters.
L.YNCHBURG. Tenn., Sept. 2).— The
Coroner's Jury has returned a verdict to
the effect that the negro, Allen Small,
who was killed last Thursday during a
raid on the Moore County Jail, -was de
liberately, maliciously and designedly
murdered and twenty-seven men are
named in the verdict as guilty of the
crime. Fourteen of the mob are under
arrest and warrarfts for the others have
been Issued. Three of the prisoners have
turned State's evidence and have been re
leased on bond on condition that thy will
appear as witnesses for the prosecution.
Lynchers to Be Prosecuted.
The reward of JoOOO offered by Gov
ernor Toole for the capture of the dyna
miters expires September 30. but It is
understood it will be renewed. Fifty or
more detectives are now Investigating the
mystery.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 29.— It has de
veloped that the threats made by the
X.orthern Pacific dynamiters against the
Helena police were directed against the
residence of Chief of Police Travis, and
not the city Jail, as at first reported. The
letter also contained \u25a0 personal threats
against Chief Travis and Detective
O'Brien, who has been working on the
case.
Who Are Troubling the North
ern Pacific Bailroad.
Detectives Unable to Find the Men
DYNAMITEES THBEATEK ;:,.
HELENA'S POLICE CHIEF
It should be the prayer of every patriotic
citizen that American education may never be
so desraded; that It may always remain true
to Us mission, a steadying force against all un
toward conditions; that higher education as it
becomes more accessible and widespread may
reinforce the firmness of our national founda
tions, as they are made to bear the Increased
weight of our country's healthful development
and that in the democracy of education
our people may ever be gathered together un
der the sanction of enlightened and strong
American citizenship.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Dr. John Hus
ton Finley, who left the faculty of Prince
ton to accept the presidency of the Col
lege of th"e City of New York, was to-day
Installed in that office. Seventy univer
sities and colleges were represented and
Governor Odell, Senator Depew, Grover
Cleveland and Presidents Hadley of Yale,
Schurman of Cornell and Butler of Co
lumbia delivered . addresses.
A letter of congratulation from. Presi
dent Roosevelt was read. It Is in part as
follows:
Nothing is more distinctive of our Ameri
can republic than the peculiar fostering care
which through their representatives the people
have assumed over the education of all the
citizens In primary matters and of all those
who care to eo beyond primary matters In
those additional branches necessary as per
quisites for the attainment of leadership in
the trreat professions.
Next to the home it is the school, th<» col
lege, the university which do mest to deter
mine the efficiency of the Individual as a citi
zen In this great self-governing republic of
ours, and therefore those who are to shape our
citizenship of' the future put the nation in a
special sense under obligations to them.
Senator Depew was followed by Presi
dents Arthur T. Hadley of Yale, Nicholas
Murray Butler of Columbia, Jacob G.
Schurman of Cornell and Ira Remsen of
Johns Hopkins in brief congratulatory
addresses. Grover Cleveland then spoke,
making special reference to the import
ance and value of free education.- Pres
ident Flnley's inaugural address dwelt,
on the importance of locating colleges In
cities.
Mr. Cleveland in his- address said in
parft
* If we have outgrown the simplicity of our
early national life; If with the growth of ab
normal enterprises and a mad struggle for
wealth, a constant and acute solicitation for
the country's weal has been somewhat sub
ordinated; and If in our social and business
like life we can see signs of a cleavage that
may divide our people Into distinct and un
sympathetic- classes, we should be watchful.
If with these things we also discover a move
ment toward a more general collegiate educa
tion we oueht to regard It as another unfa
vorable symptom If increasing learning is to be
made only a mere ornamental accompaniment
to the unwholesome and pitiable ostentation of
riches and pride.
Grover Cleveland Speaks on
the Great Value of Free
Education. ;
Dr. Finley Takes Up His
Duties at New York
• City College.
COLLEGIANS GIVE
HIM A WELCOME
The South African colonies and islands
owned by Germany have no local-Legis
lature, or even crown councils. Each is
ruled by an autocrat appointed by .the
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Henry A. Butters
has purchased from William G. Henshaw
the property on San Pablo avenue for
merly occupied by the Arcata* . House,
which was burned. The purchase price
is said to be about $80,000. A four-story
building is contemplated for erection^ al
though only the first story will be built
at present. It will be occupied as* a
vaudeville theater. * •
Butters Buys Arcata House Site.
ODESSA, Sept. 29.— The Bourse Gazette
asserts that the coming meeting between
Count Lamsdorff and Count Goluchows-
W, respectively Russian and Austro-Hun
garian Foreign Ministers, will be followed
by a notification to the Porte that the
powers insist upon the execution of the
Austro-Hungarian reforms in "Macedonia
being entrusted to an exclusively Chrls
tion commission. , s *-* '
Porte Must Appoint Christians.
Police Arrest a Suspect.
ALBANY, Or.. Sept. 29,-JSfK.t an early
hour this morning Chief of Police Mc-
Lean arrested a young man answering
the description of one of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation train robbers. He
gave his name as Thomas Watson, but
refused to make any further statement.
He is about 21 years of age and claims
San Francisco as his home. He will be
held to await the arrival of the Portland
officials.
P.ITTSBURG.' Sept. ».— Georga "Worth
ir.gton Garwood, a wealthy coal broker,
aged. €5 ; years, to-day shot and killed
Hilda Vogrel. aged about 22, and then
killed himself In a room occupied by the
couple. Jealousy was the caase of the
deed. .
Garwood's wife and nine children are
kUU living. - About two years ago, it is
said, he became; Infatuated with Hilda
Vogel.'who was a waitress in a restau
rant. Since then the couple have been
on more or less Intimate terms, the man
frequently -showing his jealousy over at
tentions shown the girl by other men.
Then Turns Revolver on Himself and
Dies by the Side of 'His
Victim.
WEALTHY COAL BROKER
KILLS A YOUNG WOMAU
Dr. Baeranz confessed his guilt and ac
cused a 'number of prominent business
men, three cf whom were millionaire bank
directors,- of corrupting him. He received
a total of $2,000 in bribes.
BERLIN, &ex>t. 2?._The trial was con
cluded to-day of Dr. Baganz, secretary in
the ofSce of the Public Prosecutor, who
•was charjred with accepting- bribes .to be
tray official secrets, and of his wife, who
was accused of being her husband's, ac
complice. The prisoners were found "guilty
and the former was sentenced to four
years' imprisonment, while his •wife was
sent to prison for six months.
COMTESSES HIS GUILT
AND IS SENT TO PRISON
Secretary in Office of Public Prose
cutor at Berlin Admits Having
Accepted Bribes.
When you read this I am dead. It is not
possible for me to live, as I am In trouble
with heart. j
You will aee by the paper full particulars.
I love this girl too much. I repent the trouble
I Kave you, as you were good to me.
There was still another letter addressed
to Ed Ferot, with whom the' murderer
resided. In thJs missive De Labrousse
Bays:
In another letter De Labrousse bitterly
arraigns a sister of his victim, accusing
her of, being the cause of his misery,
claiming that by her persistent nagging
she had forced Marie to decline to marry
him. The letter Is a vitriolic effort and
teems with vicious accusations and re
criminations.
P. 8. — I have left you something belongins
to me; you will find some good property, which
will be of benefit to you in future years.
The two large books of engravings are at
"Jordan's," as well as my private papers.
ED.
The girl was well known and highly re
fpected among her associates. It has
been known for some time that the sales
man was infatuated with her, but the
tragedy of yesterday was never antici
pated. There were three letters left by
De Labrousse. The first was to his sister,
Mrs. Lestrohan. It follows:
My Dear Sister Georgi&na: I hope, dear,
you will forgix-e me for this, but the burden
Is more than I can bear. I have stood it for
elurht months, have Buffered tortures. Night
arter night have I passed sleepless nights. X
love Marie more than any man ever cared for
a woman, but when about a.month ago, she,
backed up by her sisters, putTJW out, it was
more than" 1 could stand. I have often re
turnM and beffged and X'leaded on the street.
In the stcre. at home, with Marie, to recon
sider. Marie was afraid of her sister. She
also suffered. AVe were attached and devoted
to another as no two ever were nutil this sister
Lily interfered. Have me buried or cremated
as you wish, only see that I have my beloved's
photograph with me. Good-by. good-by, dear
Bister. Kiss the children for me. Your
brother, who was always devoted to you.
EDMOND.
Then De Labrousse placed the revolver
against his own head and pulled the trlp
ger. The weapon missed fire and the
desperate man inspected the cartridges
and flred one shot Into the ground that
he might be aure it was in perfect order.
The next shot he aimed at his head,
Bending a bullet under his scalp, produc
ing a wound that is not necessarily fatal.
"When the salesman fell his body
crossed that of Miss Jordan. Three wit
nesses rushed to the scene and a nearby
physician was summoned. Life in the
woman was extinct, death having come
Instantly, but the man struggled and
groaned, suffering from the wound in his
head. Then it was that the murdered
woman's mother and sisters came upon
the scene. They heard the shots and
rushing from the rear of their residence
found both bodies lying across the gar
den -walk. The ambulance was sum
moned and the murderer moved to the
Central Emergency Hospital. The body
of the woman, which was pierced by
three bullets, was taken to the Morgue,
where Dr. Baclgalupi performed an au
topsy.
When Miss Jordan was on her way to'
her home at noon yesterday she was met
by her suitor at the corner of California
and Hyde streets. .Some conversation oc
curred between them, the gist of which
Is', unknown. They walked leisurely up
the street togethe.. talking- as they went,
but there seemed to be no quarrel be
tween them. When the residence of the
woman was reached hor lover suddenly
drew a revolver and flred three shGts.
The woman fell across the pathway in
the yard and died in a few moments.
killed Marie Jorda-j and made an
ineffectual attempt to send a bullet into
his own brain. It was noonday when
De Labrousse walked with the wryaan up
Sacramento street to her residence and
then fired three shots into her body.
Afterward he tested the revolver by
shooting at the ground and then pointed
the weapon at his head and tried to end
his existence. The body of the woman
was taken to the Morgue, while he,
bleeding and exhausted, was taken to the
.Central Emergency Hospital. . •
For five years £>e Labrousse wooed
M.iss Jordan. His earnest entreaties
that she become his wife were met with'
refusals and the man was driven to des
peration. He was a Falesman employed
by Wolfo & Frank and she was a clerk
employed at Cailleau's Suit Ho&se, .114
Kearny street.' Many times he called at
t-he house at 1439 Sacramento street and
urged his plea of love. Miss Jordan at
one time agreed to marry him, but recent
ly, when he lost his position, delayed the
time of marriage an indefinite period.
Several times the persistent sales'man
dispatched .messages to 'his sweetheart
urgi.ng her to have a marriage ceremony
performed immediately. She was firm
in her determination to wait until he was
financially rattled, hence the trageiiy of
yesterday.
TRAGEDY born of a love affair
claimed the attention of the au
thorities yesterday. Edmond de
Labrousse, a salesman, shot and
Cause of the
Tragedy.
Refusal to Wed Is
In reply to further questions GonzaJes
eaid he could not say that he knew his
brother to have entertained bitter feelings
Uiward J. H. Tillman.
W. B. Gausc. a member of the Legisla
ture from Florence -County, testified that
during the last session of the" Legislature
be met Colonel TlUman on the street and
when some one a*ked Colonel Tillman
\u25a0where he was stopping, Se replied: "I do
rot know, that I am' stopping- anywhere.
I stuck these editorials of the State in
my pocket and told my -wife I might stop
at the penitentiary before I left here."
LEXIXGTOK. S. C. Sept. 29.— Good
progress was made to-day In the trial
here of former Lieutenant Governor^
James II. TJ!lman, who is charged with
the murder of X. G. Gonzales, editor of
the State. One line of examination pur
sued to-day by the prosecution, was wltli
a view to layinfc the foundation for the
Introduction of ante-mortem dedaratlona.
Ambrose E. Gonzales. publisher of the
State, and a brother of N. G. Gonzales,
was called to the stand, when the solicitor
offered In evidence the files of the State
for the year IS02, the purpose, as an
nounced by counsel, being to introduce
the editorials in the State newspaper, of
\u25a0which X. O. Cionzales was editor from
July 1. 1902. to December 31. 1902. The
editorials in question are in relation to
James H. Tillman.
On cross-examination Gonzales waa
tsked bv counsel for the defense:
•'The relations between your brother
and Mr. Tillman had not been pleasant
for some years, had they?"
He replied: "They had not been pleas
ant."
Editorials Are Said to Have
Led to the Killing of
Goniales.
State Prosecutors to
Use Them Against
Tillman.
Murder Followed by
an Attempt at
• Suicide.
Edmond d£ Labrousse
| Kills Miss Marie
Jordan.
FILES OF PAPER
PUT IN EVIDENCE
LOVE-MADDENED SALESMAN SLAYS A YOUNG WOMAN
AND THEN MAKES EFFORT TO JOIN HER IN DEATH
Three hundred and seven pounds was
paid by Mr. Pickering for. a Third Folio
Shakespeare, "printed for P. C, 1664," at
a recent sale at S Sotheby's. It had the
portrait of Droeshdt,' with Ben Jonson's
verses ' - v \u25a0-'.'•-
Sunday. Oct. 4. at 9:30 a. . m.. the splendid
and commodious steamer Sausallto will make
a special bay trip- to all points of Interest on
water front of six.- counties,- Including Union
Iron Works, Naval Training Station, < San
Pablo Bay. Valiejo, Lime Point. Returns at
6:30 p. ~m. Excellent musical - entertainment.'
Positively no liquors sold. Meals all day.
75c. round trip (5Oc for children). .Tickets on
sale 620 Market St.. or 'Sausallto Ferry. S. P .•
Fine Say Excursion.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 29.— After driving
here and disposing of $15 'worth of goods
for which he collected payment, Frank
Grupe, an employe of R. F. Gulchard, an
Oakland produce dealer, tied his delivery
rig on Pacific avenue, near Park street,
and disappeared. The horse and wagon
were taken to a local stable by an officer,
who noticed that no. one cared for them
during last night. Efforts are being made
to find the missing driver.
Collects Cash and Decamps.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— Charles L. Tay
lor to-day filed his resignation as trustee
under the will of Francis Blak'e, who died
nearly twenty years, ago. F-or eighteen
years Taylor has handled a sixth of the
estate left by the senior member of the
firm of Blake & Moflltt, which was ap
praised at $334,957 05, . in trust for Mrs.
Ethel Pomroy Soule, a grand-daughter.
The trust is to remain In effect until
Mrs. Soule is 30 years of age. Miss Alice
S. Blake was appointed In Taylor's place
as trustee.
Taylor Besigns Trust.
To .the Democratic Convention and the Pub
lic: \u25a0; The statement having been . made in the
heat of debate and published that the majority
in the convention had broken an agreement
made with the minority to the effect' that the
minority might name absolutely three names
on the ticket. for Supervisors, we, chairmen of
the'- minority delegations r and ' members of the
minority present at conferences, r desire to cor
rect such statements as a matter of simple
Justice. No agreement - was made by the ma
jority or by the committee on Supervisors on
its behalf, or any . one representing the ma
jority, that the minority should have the right
to name any particular three perrons on the
ticket for Supervisors. ...
JOSEPH E. O'DONNELL. •
Thirty-seventh Assembly District.
HARRY O. WILBUR.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
,_.>•; DANIEL, ,T. HALEY,
.'• '•\u25a0'. -'\u25a0 '.;.' Forty- first Assembly District.
" • ,\u25a0 WILLIAM D. HYNES,
" •, . ' Thirty-sixth Assembly District.
In the heat of debate last Monday
night Joseph E. O'Donnell charged that
the majority had broken faith in the se
lection of the three Supervisors for the
tlfcket. After a more calm deliberation
O'Donnell and other members of the mi
nority who were members of the commit
tee <jn conference signed the following
statement, exonerating the majority:
The minority will receive the represen
tation they ask for on the County Com
mittee. The resolution adopted by the
majority, which gave the chairman
power to! appoint 'the members at large,
fill be rescinded to-night and the com
ittee will be appointed by each delega
tion naming its members.
Charles Wesley Reed, the candidate for
Supervisor who was turned down by the
convention last Monday night, does not
know whether to feel flattered or angry.
He is taking his defeat philosophically
and feels that he wlU have saved himself
many dollars by not being a candidate.
Reed blames his defeat on ex-Mayor
James D. Phelan, who is unfriendly to
him.
Members of the minority In the Demo
cratic Municipal Convention are trying to
make peace with the majority and to
night's session of the convention will
probably be a peaceful one. Franklin K.
Lane's nomination will probably be made
unanimous and the candidate will appear
before the convention and thank the del
egates for the honor conferred upon him.
Mr. Lane ,wlll do this as his friends have
advised him not to write any more let
ters, v
DEMOCRATS WANT PEACE.
Minority and the Majority -Trying to
Patch Up Differences.
. The Merchants' Exchange committee,
to which body the proposition to consol
idate was made, will prepare a report for
submission to the exchange.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— A preliminary
conference between committees of the
Oakland Board of Trade and the Mer
chants' Exchange looking toward consol
idation of those organizations has been
held. Those composing the committees
are as follows:
Board of Trade— M. J. Keller, D. Ed
ward Collins, George E. Falrchild, C. J.
Heeseman, Frank K. Mott; Merchants'
Exchange — G. W. Arper, A. Jonas, D. C.
Brown, H. M. Sanborn, A. S. Schlueter.
Confer on Consolidation.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— An east-bound
Eleventh-street car jumped the track near
the approach to the Eleventh-street bridge
this morning. The derailed car ran along
the tlea for some distance and stopped
but a few feet from the bridge. What
might have been a- serious 'accident re
sulted merely in a scare and shake-up for
the passengers.
Two cars on the Sixteenth-street line
collided this morning at the corner of
Fourteenth and Washington streets. They
were going In opposite directions and
came together on the turn of the corner.
Some glass was smashed in one of the
cars, but no one was Injured.
Another Jumps Track and Neaxly
Runs, From the Eleventh-
Street Bridge.
ELECTRIC CARS COME
TOGETHER ON
Mr. Vance, Republican nominee for Su
pervisor, spoke of the progress of other
cities and said all San Francisco wanted
was a greater display of civic pride. The
following gentlemen were unanimously
elected officers of the club:
Chairman, D. L. Fitzgerald: secretary,
G. A. Blank; treasurer, J. E. Martin; ser
geant at arms, J. S. Purcell. An executive
committee, consisting of T. P. Robinson,
Edward H. Brown, John J. Cassldy, D. I.
Bluxome and John T. Williams, was also
elected. Speeches were made by George
R. Fletcher, J. M. Wilklns, John T. Wil
liams and Edward H. Brown, and, after
rousing cheers for Crocker and Vance the
club adjourned to meet, next Monday
evening.
It is reported that D. B. Faktor will be
placed on the Republican ticket for As
sessor to fill the vacancy caused by C. S.
Laumeister's declination.
ie metropolis and pledged himself In the
f ent of his election to remedy affairs.
LOVE-CRAZED CLERK AND THE UNFORTUNATE VICTIM OF HIS IN- i
FATUATION, WHOM HE MURDERED YESTERDAY, AFTERWARD i
SHOOTING HIMSELF; ALSO SCENE OF THE DOUBLE TRAGEDY. J
The advisory committee of the United
Republican League met last night and
by unanimous vote on roll call, approvea
the action of the organization committee
in requesting the resignation of A. Ruef.
The advisory committee of the league
consists of the vice president and one
executive committecman from each of the
eighteen Assembly district clubs of the
league.
The attendance last night was unexpect
edly large. As the notice of the meet
ing was not officially communicated to
the members until late yesterday after
noon It was fancied that several of the
districts would b© unrepresented, but the
Interest In tbe conference was so active
that every district but one— the Twenty
ninth—was represented. There is no der
fection whatever in the district that did
not have a representative present.
The representatives attending were A.
P. Williams Dr. W. F. McNutt, T. H.
Westoby, David Rich, Henry Ach, J. Step
pacher, J. A. Hamill, W. J. Harrington,
Francis McNamara, Thomas C. Duff, J.
W. Ahearn, L. C. Cull, Joseph Arm
strong, L. A. Taylor, E. M. Rltter, A. H.
Merrill, J. D. Daly, H. N. Beatty, Fred
Eggers, George D. Clark, Max Goldberg,
Isldor Golden, E. W. Brown, E. Tauszky,
J. G. Gifcstins, R. N. Frick, M. H. Es
berg, George A. McGowan, W. W. San
derson, Dr. D. B. Plymire,- E*, A. Rea and
E. M. Buckley. Among other party lead
ers present were Henry J. Crocker,' Re
publican nominee for Mayor, and Charles
H. Spear, president of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners. The last
named . was present by invitation.
The meeting was addressed by A.%.V.
Williams, Henry Ach, Henry J. Crocker,
L. A. Rea, Fred Eggers, Thomas C. Duff,
W. W. Sanderson and Charles H. Spear.
Mr. Crocker's remarks evoked great en
thusiasm. He advised that the campaign
be conducted on broad lines and that ail
factional differences be obliterated.
TO MEET CANDIDATES.
Members of the advisory committee de
cided to meet with the candidates at the
headquarters of the 'league to-morrow
evening for the purpose of considering
plans for the campaign.
The motion to Indorse the action of the
organization committee in requesting the
resignation of A. Ruef was made by H.
N. Beatty of the Thirty-sixth District
and seconded by three or four members.
In orde-r to give force and. clearness to
the expression roll call was demanded,
and every representative, including L». A.
Rea*tnf the Forty-fifth District, voted to
sustain- the committee. '
Charles H. Spear, representing the State
administration, spoke eloquently of the
duty of Republicans to support the entire
ticket. The general sentiment was ex
pressed by all the speakers that the Re
publicans In this campaign fully appre
ciated their to San Francisco
and to the ""party and would vote the
straight ticket. \
It Is gossip in political circles that Hen
ry J. Crocker's vote on November 3- will
approximate 23,000. In view of the sharp
contest between Schmitz and Lane, the
triumph of Mr. Crocker is regarded as
certain. Politicians predict that the total
vote will be 58.000.. It Is figured, that
Schmitz may get 18,000, Lane 16,000 and
Whitney (Socialist) 1000. At the primary
election' the Republican vote exceeded the
combined vote of. the Democratic and
Union Labor parties. It is a sure thing
that Republican merchants this year, in
view of the ( sore experience of the past,
will not vote for the Democratic nominee,
or the candidate of Ruef and Parry. All
along the line. the Republicans are' pro
claiming:' "We vote the straight Repub
lican ticket trip." The most ardent
and confident supporters of the ticket are
the Republican business men and taxpay
ers, .who realize that something must be
done to rescue San Francisco from the
clutch, of Job chasers and tax eaters.
THIBTY-NINTH DISTBICT.
The friends of Henry J. Crocker and R.
A. Vance to- the number of 400 met in
Richmond Hall, Fourth avenue and Clem
ent street, Monday evening and organized
the Crocker- Vance Club of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District. In a well word
ed speech Mr. "Crocker thanked:, his
friends .for their interest and enthusiasm
In bis behalf and referred to the needs of
Predictions That Entire
Ticket Will Be
Elected.
REPUBLICANS
ARE CONFIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
GAI/VESTON, Texas. Sept. 29. — Robert Bon
sail. 54 years old connected with the land de
partment of the Santa Fe Railroad, killed
himself to-day. He was despondent over the
death of his wife.
3
PB. KUJffEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TO JIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or coxnmon slass with your
water and let It sta^d twenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling Indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; If it
stains the linen It is evidence of kidney
trouble; too freqr:nt desire to pass It, or
pain In tbe back Is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort In the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer" 3 Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every vish In curing; rheuma-
tism, pain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passage. It corrects inability to hold wa-
ter and scalding pain In passing it. or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of r oing compelled to go often dur-
ing the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is sooa
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in nfty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have e sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about it. both
sent absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. T. When
writing be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisc3
Daily Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Knot, and the addresj.
Binghamton. N. Y., on every bottle.
v ADVERTISEMENTS.
V * That's the first thing to do, if you want to get
acquainted with our qualities and price for mak-
ing suits to order. The samples will give you an
idea of the value. For the workmanship and finish
you must at first take our word.- When the gar-
; ments are finished, however, you can see for your-
self that they are unusual value for the price.
If you would like to dress as well as you dress
j now for one-fourth less the price you are now
paying, then get our samples and place an order.
We can dress you well at a rnoderate cost and
give you free repairing, sponging' and pressing of
the garments all the time you are wearing our
clothes.
: Our made-to-order suits range from $10
to $35.
Every suit bears the union label.
Out-of-town customers can get complete sat-
isfaction through our self-measuring system —
write for samples and blank.
*T4O Market Street and
Corner 'Powell and Eddy Streets
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER
' RELIEVES AND CURES -
Constipation"
j Liver Troubles
! Disordered Stomach
I Most enlightened and eminent phy-
sicians In every part of the globe
! recoisoend it.
The only HUNYADI Water that is
safe and sure, is
in Qffiers ire issuhms ufl Sttstihites
Famous the World fj
Oven— FuHy,Matured. jj
sTotd Eterptehere^ jj
HILHKKT MERCANTILE CO.. Q
Pacific Coast Agentm. E
• vu I L-t-KiT
Flow comfortable it is—
Schilling's Best — to know what
you have in your spoon! and
the buying is equally comfort-
able, at your grocer's.I'lTTSBlTRG Sept. 2fl.— Major Samuel W.
Hay was killed to-night by falling from the
fourth floor of the Arrott bulldipg through the
elevator shaft to the basement, making a drop
of six etories.
The yellow arid red Spanish flag is the
oldest of any used by the European pow
ers, as It was first flown in 1785.
CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— The water supply
of St. Louis cannot be contaminated by
Chicago Fewage through the sanitary
canal. This .was the testimony of Pro
fessor J. H.'Long at the hearing of the
canal case to-day. \u25a0
At the conclusion of his Jestimony on
this point. Professor Long gave his opin
ion on the value of the experiment which
Dr. Ravold.made for St. Louis in dump
ing millions of bacilli . prodlgiso^is into
the drainage canal at La.mo.nt in Novem
ber. 1901. He said the mathematical con
clusions would show t^s experiment , to
be so valueless an to be "quite unworthy
of consideration." This conclusion, he
said, was based on the fact that so few
cf the bacilli were found in the water
samples at the mouth of the Illinois Riv
er and in the St. Louis intake tanks.
Professor Long Testifies That Chi
cago Sewage Does Not Injure
St. Louis.
SAYS THE WATER SUPPLY
CANNOT BE CONTAMINATED
The whole assembly is reported to have
been filled with astonishment at the won
der, and Rudolph, regarding It as a sign
from heaven, confessed to having com
mitted the murder, being thereupon sen
tenced to death by the great elector.—
Baltimore Hefafd.
Emperor William lias just presented to
the Hohenzollern museum at Berlin the
famous "death dice," employed by one of
hla ancestors in the middle, of the seven
teenth century to decide a difficult case.
A beautiful young girl had been mur
dered and suspicion fell upon two soldiers.
Rudolph and Alfred by name, who had
been rivals for her hand. Both denied
their guilt strenuously, and torture failed
.to extort aconfession from either of them.
Frederick William of Hohenzollern.
known as the great elector of Branden
burg and father of the nrst King of Prus
sia, ordered dice to be brought. In order
that the two soldiers should throw for
death, the loser to be executed as the
murderer.
This trial by pfiance was conducted with
great pomp and ceremony, the great elec
tor attending in person to superintend
this appeal to divine intervention, for as
such he regarded it. Rudolph had the
first throw, and he threw two sixes, thus
obtaining the highest possible number.
-On seeing this Alfred fell to his knees
and prayed: "Almighty God, thou know
est that I am guiltless. Protect me, I
beseech thee." Then h«t!»rew the dice
with such, force that one of them broke
Into two r>arts. The one that hafiJ re
mained unbroken showed six, one-half of
the broken dice also showed six, while
the second portion of the broken dice
showed one, thus giving Alfred a total of
thirteen, or one more than Rudolph had,
thrown. : . ° !
Kaiser Gambles With a Life.
Louisiana and Mississippi furnish the
rosiest reports from corn, cotton, sugar
and rice plantations. The corn crop is al
ready made, and is the best In ten years
—in many sections a full two years' sup
ply having been grown. The cotton out
look is also exceedingly promising, and
with cotton at 8 and 9 cents a pound tho
planter can look forward to fattening his
bank account after discharging his float
ing debts and possible mortgages.— Xew
York Item. •
Crop Prospects That Please.
It was alleged in the indictment that Tie
had "maliciously and feloniously appro
priated and embezzled, for his own use,
the sum of J50O.00O."
"What say you?" he was asked. "Are
you guilty or not guilty?"'
"The amount Involved." haughtily re
sponded the prisoner, "Is a sufficient an
swer to that question. When a man gets
away with half a million it Is not embez-,
zllng. It Is merely diverting money into
unconventionat channels." — Chicago Trib
une.
The charge against the prisoner at the
bar was embezzlement.
Not a Common Thief.
NEW YORK, v Sept. 29.-Mtss": Marion
Jones, daughter of. former United "* States
Senator John P. Jones of Nevada, was
married to Robert Fdrquahar of this city
In Grace Church, to-day. Former Senator
Jones gave the bride away. -
The Invitations are- out for the Friday
Fortnightly cotillons which will be held
at the Palace Hotel— the first on Novem
ber 27, the second December 30, the third
January 22 and the last on February 5.
The debutantes are radiant with ex
pectations, and it looks promising that
much life will be infused ; into these
rather serious affairs by this buoyant
bevy of buds. '
The Contemporary Club held two enjoy
able meetings during September. The
first was- devoted to club interests and
the second to a lecture on "Art in
Japan," by Miss Katherlne Ball. Many
exquisite curios were used In illustration.
Miss Rheinstein delighted the audience
with two piano solos.
The first day of meeting of the United
Daughters of the Confederacy will be
held at 2111 California street on Monday
October 5, at 10 a. m. The second day
the society will meet at Century Hall
1215 Sutter street, at the same hour.
At both of these meetings it is expect
ed that only the Daughters of the Con
federacy will. be present/ An Intensely
Interesting session is anticipated.
The attendants at the ceremony will be*
Maid of honor, Miss Helen A. Hopper,
sister of the groom; best man, William
G. Judge; ushers, Harry F. Hopper,
George C. Thompson, Arthur J. Donovan'
George Forderer. Dr. Arthur T. (McGlnty
and David F. Buckley.
After the ceremony a reception and
banquet will be held at the Sorosis club
rooms. Th,e happy pair will make a tour
of the Southern States, after which they
will set up their household gods In this
city.
Dr. Hopper is one of the most popu
lar and sv-::cessful physicians in the city
among the younger set, at present oc
cupying the position of assistant city
physician.
The v/edding of Miss Alice Frances
Donovan and Dr. William C. HopDer will
take place at St. Mary's Cathedral to
morrow night, the Rev. Peter C. Yorke
officiating. The bride is a girl of strik
ing individuality and style, and has de
voted much time to the study of music;
besides this accomplishment,, she pos
sesses the rarest of all social attainments,
the ability to converse well, which to- 7
day is almost a lost art.
The lecturer lightened the sympathetic
depression of the ladles— who didn't miss
a word of the story from start to finish
by chanting some songs from the Sant
hals, a people in the north of India: They,
like all the songs of primitive peoples,
gave forth the minor wall, like the
plaints of lost souls. They lacked utterly
a note of j|yousness or buoyancy.
After, the lecture" Dr. Sundborg was
fairly stormed with "questions abo * the
mystic country of the rajah; having sur
vived the bombardment he was enter
tained by the gracious president, Mrs.
George Law Smith, at the teatable, as
sisted by the full complement of the club.
The lecturer stated that at the present
day, and among all castes, the. child-wife
is still a part of the social structure.
Ofttimes in the cradle marriage is con
tracted—this Is In the nature of an Irre
vocable betrothaL Then at the mature
age of 11 or 12 the wife takes up her
abode under her husband's roof tree. In
the city of Bagdad it is not uncommon to
Fee a girl of 8 or 9 fulfilling the duties of
wifehood, and on being widowed— should
she escape the horrors of interment with
her husband— following to its bitter end a
most abject and deplorable life, for the
death of her husband clearly demon
strates that she Is accursed and an un
clean thing. The lecturer was questioned
about the mental development of these
creatures, who, through all these cen
turies of tyranny and oppression, have
not risen" against their wrongs— except in
sporadic cases, as the Ramabal— and the
answer was t5:.at - there was almost no
mental expansion— and scarcely any spir
itual or moral development.
Previous to his. diplomatic appointment
the lecturer followed the profession of
medicine In this city and it was this
technical knowledge that enabled him to
cr me In close touch with the hidden lives
of the women of the Far East. As Is well
known, the Mohammedan harem Is for
bidden to the unclean sight of the unbe
liever—and therein lies the Intense Inter
est in Dr. Sundborg's observations.
Among the many points developed were
these: That prior to the Mohammedan
invasion the women of India were socially
and religiously the equals of men, and
their companions In all things. But with
the advent of tlv* sword and sclmlter
the Hindoos found it necessary to secrete
the women for protection from the gross
invaders, and thus came to be established
the custom of isolation, with Its accom
panying characteristics of stagnation and
retrogression. Said the speaker, "The one
redeeemable trait brought to India by
the Islamites was their creed of temper
ance, but this was far offset by the degra
dation to which they brought woman
kind."
THE California Club entertained
Its guests and members yesterday
by a delightful lecture on India,
given by Dr. John C. Sundborg.
former United States Consul at
Bagdad. The talk, illustrated as It was
by more than 100 lantern slides, will live
long in the annals of the club as one of
distinctive value and Interest.
NEW \ HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 29.— The
Evening Register says: A director
of the Consolidated Lake Superior
Company said to-day In this city
that the plan of reorganization which
was being prepared by a committee of the
board of directors would be made public
in Philadelphia in a few days. This plan
had been agreed upon by the directors
and was now being worked out in detail
by the executive committee and was
said to be satisfactory to all of the Phila
delphia stockholders and many in New
York and Canada.
"In general it means," said the director,
"making the capital of the company
$40,000,000, and levying an assessment of
$3 per share on the stock outstanding.
The appointment of a receiver was
agreed to b'y the stockholders and direct
ors because there were the syndicate
creditors as well as the Canadian credit
ors to be protected, and the receivership
protects the property for the creditors as
well as for the stockholders."
The director denies the report that the
United States Steel Corporation was anx
ious to secure the property.
Assessment May Be Levied Upon
Lake Superior Shares.
PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.
teresting Lecture on
India.
NOTED TRAVELER WHO DE- j
LIVERED AN ADDRESS BE- j
FORE CALIFORNIA CLUB. !
I
California Club Hears an In-
Parks is behind the resolution and he
would naturally handle much of the
money. He wishes each member of the
organization In the United States to be
assessed $1, which .would create a fund
of $80,000 to start with. He will. It is
said, also present a resolution for the
convention's consideration providing for
the assessment of one day's wages
against every Iron worker In the United
States. Thia would. It Is estimated, raise
a fund of half a million dollars to be
used in fighting the New York employers.
It Is predicted by some of the delegates
to-night that the convention is on the eve
of disruption. Parks' plan to raise money
by assessment. It is said, will arouse so
much opposition that either he will be
deposed before the new officers are
elected or his opponents will walk out
of the convention. ' .
Resolved, That the committee on 'ways and
means take immediate action and raise a de
fense fund to be"c«ed Immediately by the ex
ecutive committee of nald local.
A'herefis. The situation in New York is
wfJl known to the convention; and
Whereas, The treasury of Local No. 2 has
been depleted in resisting the attempt of or
ganized capital to disrupt it as a local; there
fore be it ' \u25a0 • :
KANSAS CITY, .Mo., Sept 29.-Havin*
established his supremacy in the conven
tion of the International Association of
Structural Iron and Bridge Workers,
Samuel Parks, the New York walking
delegate, is planning to make the most of
his opportunities.- The following resolu
tion introduced to-day Is expected to
cause a fight when it Is acted upon to
morrow:
Wolcott was chosen temporary chair- I
man of the convention without opposition ;
and in a carefully prepared speech de- !
nounced his opponents in the Republican •
party. A strongly worded resolution in- j
dorsing President Roosevelt for re-elec- I
t*on to the Presidency in 1904 was unani- j
mously adopted without reference to the ;
committee on resolutions. Only one of- ,
fi ce _that of Justice of the Supreme j
Court— is to be fi'oed at this year's elec- j
tion and for this Chief Justice John !
Campbell was honored j-wlth nomination !
by acclamation. . |
| Before the meeting of the convention a
| communication was received from the
I Citizens' Independent Democracy, the or-
I ganlzation headed by Congressman Fran
j cis Burton Harrison, declaring the organ
| ization in favor of McClellan, Grout and
Fornes.
District Attorney Jerome, whose whirl
wind campaign was the feature of the
j canvass on the fusionist Bide two years
ago. and who has heralded his dissatisfac
tion with Mayor Low's administration
course, though he avowed his purpoaj of
supporting the fusion cause this year,
made a declaration to-night which those
j who heard ft construed as signifying that
under certain conditions he might give
his adherence to the Tammany Hall
ticket.
. ''If," Jerome is quoted as saying, "a
guaranty be given befdre the Tammany
Hall convention on Thursday next of the
sincerity of the movement, and that those
men are sincere and honest, I am going
to stand by It, and if those men are han
dled as they should be and if men are put
in nomination whom honest men can sup
port and people will say, 'We have an
honest movement,' I will encourage it.
"I have stood for certain things all my i
life and will continue to stand for those
things the balance of It, no matter where
the rest of the gang goes. I will not stand :
for a ticket three-quarters of which be- I
longs to another party."
The condition to which Jerome alluded ;
in the last sentence quoted above was the
subject of a conference at the residence I
of Mayor Low, leaders of the fusionist |
forces being present. This conference was j
<n'i/he nature of a secret consultation, but j
jt Is understood that it '^as decided to de- j
mand of 'Messrs. "-£?rout and Fornes noml- 1
ness cesyectlveiv for Controller and Presi- j
ttfesi? «if t?i« iSorord of C-lclerrcien. a definite j
Pt&Je-mvnO oi/ Cheir attitude toward the !
fnsionlst moircflaent and to* require of
'he:n p.i unequ*vocal pledge of support
o ilie lieaL of -hi ticket.
ill \u25a0• EtiUftude o»" and Fornes j
_?:»oui<_ -lot SfcB satisfactorily explained it j
/as leportsA io be ihe sense of the con- j
aJsCica -hz-i Lhei. 1 *tam^s should be
Ic'.en Iro.-n the ticket. ;
•o.i-«*'sftce io take final action on:
.he question is '.c jt held Wednesday at j
k hC oiAc.j oi iSdvard Laute»bach.
«3£&3§^
©a;^ibkicar:Sta?s Convention of Colo
rade Seats Eis .Delegates.
DENVER. Sept. 29.— Former^ United
States Senator Edward O. Wolcott won
a decisive victory to-day in the contest j
before the Republican State Central Com- j
mittee between the rival factions In this j
city and -afterward In the State conven- j
tion. The committee, by a vote of 71 to ;
S, placed the "Wolcott delegates on the !
temporary roll call of the convention and !
the convention by a unanimous vote made j
the temporary roll call permanent. No j
opportunity was given the anti- Wolcott j
delegation to make a contest before the I
convention. *
The meeting of the city committee was
apparently harmonious and adjourned
without even a suggestion as to whom the
candidates would be.
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— The political at
mosphere, as regards the attitude of the
Kings County Democracy In the city con
vention, was cleared at the meeting of
the city committee at the Democratic
Club to-night when James Shelvin and
Senator Patrick H. McCarren announced
in no uncertain terms that if Grout and
Fornes were nominated by Tammany Hall
the Kings County Democracy would place
in nomination a ticket composed of -Lewis
Nixon for Mayor, Julian D. Fairchlld
for Controller and' Herman A. Metz for
president of the Board of Aldermen.
The announcement by Shevlln was made
after a heated discussion between him
and Charles F. Murphy, In which Murphy
announced as final that Tammany Hall,
as the majority organization, will nomi
nate all the candidates, McClellan, Grout
and Fornes.
» SAULT STE. MARIE, Ont., Sept. 30.—
The detachment of the Canadian militia
which \u25a0was ordered to the Soo arrived- here
shortly after^mldnlght. On the arrival of
the troops arrangements were made by
the Consolidated Lake Superior Company
to take care of the detachment, which
consisted of eighty-four men, and they
were escorted to a boat, where they will
spend the night. In the morning they will
leave for the plants of the company. The
officers expect there will be trouble.
The arrest of nine men" charged with
being implicated in the riot in the Cana
dran Soo on Monday, and an attempt by
a number of the men forcibly to resist de
tention at Wilde Station, on the Algoma
Central, were among the developments in
the situation yesterday. Numerous re
quests by employment agencies for the
services of men thrown out of work by
the closing of the concern and its various J
affiliated companies have given the men ;
hope, and with the exception of the Incl- j
dents mentioned everything was quiet '\u25a0
yesterday. '
Mayor Plummer has, with the sanction j
of the municipality, readily aided the j
needy, but he announced in a statement |
la*t night that all unemployed men of j
the company who refused to accept the
offers of work elsewhere would be forced
to leave to-day.
Delegates Fear That New
Yorker May Disrupt -the
Association
Nine Participants in Mon
day's Riots Are Under
Arrest.
Kings County Democrats May
Put Opposition Ticket
in the Field.
Parks Plans Scheme to
Assess All the Iron
Workers. /.
Detachment of Militia
Arrives at Scene
Boss Murphy Says Grout
and Fornes Will Be
Nominated.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR CONVENTION
TROOPS EXPECT
STRIFE AT S00
TAMMANY HALL
STILL DEFIANT
- *
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1903.
HAREM LIFE
DESCRIBED BY
DR. SUNDBORG
4
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLlSSug
NOTE: Performances begin at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-SIQHT
Friday and Saturday Nights.
Rossini's Famous Comedy Opera.
The Barber of Seville
Thursday and Sunday Nights. Saturday
Matinee.
BIsat's Wonderful Wort,
CARMEN
Next Week: "LA BOHEME" and "OTELLO "
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME... 23c. 50c. 7.V
Telephone Buih 9.
CENTRAI* 8 ™
BELASCO & MAYER. Proprietors.
Market it.. Near Eighth— Phona South K3.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
diaries A. Hoyt'a. Greatest Comedy Hit.
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN'*
A BRILLIANT ARRAY OF TALENT.
L. R. STOCKWELL, George Nlchclls,
Herschel Mayall. Ernest Howell
Eusrenie Law ton, Raymond Manlon.
Henry Shuiatrr. Marie Howe.
George P. 'Webster, ilyrtl* Vane.
Edwin T. Emery, Oeorgie Woodthorpe,
Millar Bacon, Genevleve Kane.
Elmer Booth,
PDirFC Evenings 10c to 5'V
miWLJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c:
LARKIIMS AND~PATTERSO\
National Slngera of Coon Songs, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.'
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 8c.
When Phoning Aak for "The Chutes."
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, on th» 31 st
day of December. A. D. 1902. and ror tho
year ending: on that day, as made to the In-
•urance Commissioner of the Slate of Callfom a
pursuant to the provisions of Sections BIO ani
611 of the Political Code, condensed as r >r
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Am«»3t of Capital Stock paid up In
Cash $ 300.000 Oil
ASSETS. ' " ~~"T
Cash Market Value of all Stocks y
"t. oj y i , Bo "< la <"»ned by Company. .|1,41S.OS1 M
Ca»h !n Banks 213.89S 00
Interest due and accrued on all . V»
Stocks and Loans 18,3»^;j«J
Premiums in due course of Col-
lection 194 rgr (V)
Bills Receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,013 00
Total Assets *l.S42.g53 CO
- ''.LIABILITIES. " "
Losses adjusted and unpaid *
Losses Jn process of Adjustment
or tn 8uBt>*n*e $ 139 273 00
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses
Grost premiums on Marine and'
Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-insurance 100 Der cent ii" i»n rn
Gros» premiums on Marine Timer **- L - u tu
Risks. I ; re- Insurance 50
per cent
Due and accrued for Salaries Rent.
etc.. and sundry creditors «H.«15 M
Total Liabilities 9 343.210 M
\u25a0JZ
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 9 575.760 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
, from all other sources 45.493 00
Total Income $ 621.253 C'»
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paJd for Marine Losses
(Including: % . losses of pre-
vious years) $ 325,762 CO
Dividends to Stockholders ,. . . . BO.COO 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
' charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 48,778 31
Paid for State. National and Lo-
: cal Taxes S. 4(0 69
All other payments and expendi-
tures «2 00
Total Expenditures ....... ...t 430.611 CO
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year $ olii.OtiO 00
Risks and Premiums. I Mar. Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
\u25a0written during the
year $fiO.5OJ.97O $583.728 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during: the
year 59.769,215 639,64100
Net amount' In force
Dyember 31. 1002.. 9.463.540 142.120 CO
J. WILLIAMSON. PresT
I- JOHN GICK. Secy. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me th!s*23ii
day of January. l»0S. WM. PIERCE.
J , V. S. Deputy Consul.
J. D. SPREGKELS & BROS. GO.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansome St, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
Telephone Private Exchange 63.
WeeMy Call $1.00 Der Year
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
•V- SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 28. 1903.
f»HE malls last week brought a num-
1 of letters from patients recovering
and one complaint. We give the latter in
full: ; ' \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'"\u25a0 •
Everett, Wash., Set)t. 17. 19OJ.
J. J. FULTON CO.— Gentlemen: I feel that
myself snd every one else having need of your
Compound have valid reason for making sharp
criticism of your business methods.
On April Hth of t*is year, while suffering
from severe kidney trouble, I entered the Lion
drug store in your city seeking a remedy. They
told' me of the Fulton Compound, and I bought
it. Later I was able to get another bottle in
Salem. Later, after being out of it two weeks,
I dug up another In Portland. After that 1 was
out of It two months, end finally got three, bot-
tles tn Tacoma on the 12th lnst. Since leaving
San Francisco have called the; 'attention of
many druggists and doctors and hundreds jf
others to your Compound, and many of tho lit-
ter sent for It end have told me what it has
done for them. I have talked so ardently for
it that many think I am its agent. -But
imagine my surprise on learning that the reason
why country druggists can't get it is because
they must buy $200 worth at a time. If this
be trU3 It 1b too bad, and you have no moral
right to follow methods that keep so valuable
a remedy from the public. I would not take
$100 for what the first thr«e bottles did for me,
and I gave & letter to that effect to Malstrom
Bros, in Tacoma. But it discourages me, after
my large amount of gratuitous booming of your
Compound, to find that It is almost impossible
for the people to get hold of It. There are
Bwarms of sufferers seeking a remedy and
dying, with a good, thing tn the market which
they are unable to. get. Sincerely,
,'M. W. WILKINS.
Mr... Wilkins 'is not correctly Informed.
There is an agent in every city of 1000
and over on the Coast, and they can and
do buy it "even a bottle at a" time when
they so order it. And what is, more,. we
have now put Fulton's Compounds, thei
only cures the world has ever > known for
Bright's Disease and Diabetes, in every
city of. > 10,000 • and over In the United
States, and are gradually putting them
into the smaller cities. Send for. litera-
ture and list of 500 agents. Jno. J. Fulton
Co., 409 Washington street, San Francis-
co, sole compounde™. \u25a0 '
AMUSEMENTS.
(yrOLslJI^^aM LEADI1Q 1KEATK
MATINEiTTO-DAY.
LAST 5 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Henry W. Savage Announces the Triumphal
Musical Comedy,
PRINCE
! OF
PILSEN
By Pixley & Luders. Author* of "King Dodo. *
Next Monday— Seats Ready Thursday.
FLORODORA
The No. 1 New York Company.
Famous Beauty Sextet.
Greater Production Than Ever Before.
_ \u25a0 1 —
; 1IATINETE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY. SEPT. 30.
i Parquet, any eeat, 25c; Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
Myles McCarthy, Assisted by Aida
Wolcott; the Great Alexius; Carl-
ton and Terre; Paulo and Dika;
Falke and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; New Motion Pic-
tures and I*ast Week of Z.
Eousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux.
AT n A r7 I T>Belasco& Mayer,
ALCAZAR ?rss
I _ General Manager.
I TO-NIGHT — LAST WEEK BUT ONE!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph,
TO-MORROW— LAST MATINEE OT
....D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA....
Evenlntcs, 25c to 75c; Mat.. 15c to 50c.
Night Prices at Oloconda Mat.
October 12 — OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK and JAMES LURKIN
in Pinero's LADY BOUNTIFUL.
Sale Begins Next Monday.
pALilFO_RNIA|
f» J TO-NIGHT. HOTT3 jfLjl
"%^ I Famous Political Satire. ]B \
'His Beat and Funniest Farce, \u25a0'
"A Texas Steer."
With the Celebrated Minstrel.
' MILT BAELOW .
j As tie "MINISTER TO DAHOMET."
Sunday-WESrs MINSTRELS *
BETTER THAN EVER'.
Featuring a new and . •
,4*||n£ original olio. burlesquing i g""»
I B |" The Wizard of Ox." I rta 1
llHEATRul
GRAND 8EES&
Matinees To-morrow, Saturday and Sunday
A BRILLIANT TRIUMPH t
TO-NIGHT -All This W«ek
JAMES NEILL
And his Incomparable Company,- I? Harriet
Ford's Dramatization of Stanley *Veyman's
popular novel.
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PRIPP? EVENINGS 15c. 25c. 50c. 75o
miULO MATINEES 15c. 25c. BOc
Children under 5 years not admitted during
Mr. Nelll'd engagement.
Beginning Sunday Matinee, Last Week of
Mr. Neill. "Under Two Flags."
Your Only Opportunity to S«o
"The Glad %nd" and "The Con-car«rj" :
On Monday Night, October 5th, 1003,
First Production ot ' ?"
"THE PARADERS."?]
The 'Great Eastern Musical Comedy Succesi
Staged by Mr. Charles H. Jones.
Entire New Music. Songs, Scenery, Costume*
and Magnificent Stage Effects/ *
Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
"WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN
MAUDE AMBER
ELEANOR JENKINS.
SATURDAY. October 3. at 3 p. m. In
STEINWAY HALL.
THE "^N^HJCWAJ^THB SEASON
THE ANGEL.US.
MRS. L. SNIDER JOHNSON, soprano will b«
the Soloitt of the Occasion!
Complimentary tickets may be secured at th.
atore. any tlma before the recital WU . M * l th *
Sherman. .Clay & Co.. Kearny and gutter St..
rt I 1 & I ft Ammunition. Huntirg ,nd
I m I I ill ! tock - LcTeot Prices. Seod
S MB a for catalogue.
W I IV SHREVE * BARBER CO,
738 Market, at \u25a0M ?ll
\ Ktaxny «u
ADVERTISEMENTS,
THE NEW
VS.THEOLD
An Exposure and Di-
rect Comparisons.
Some Plain Talk on Piano Values and
Prizes -Cut This Out and Study
It Carefully— 'Twill Pay
You Handsomely.
A FIRM has boldly announced in its
advertisement that "Nothing like the
values we are offering during the last
\u25a0week of our removal sale have ever been
teon in San Francisco. Prices which
competition cannot meet even though it
would." In this they are making a eeri-
ous mistake. Bettor r>ianoa have been
eold by Pommer-Eilers for less money
#ver since their New Era Piano Business
wa« established here. Uetter piano and
• irpan valut s are obtainable to-day at
Pommrr-Eilers Music Company. 6o3 Mar-
ket street, as will be seen in the sub-
joined. To bring ihi? matter forcibly to
the attention of every one, we inaugurate
to-morrow a
Great Demonstration Sale.
\\> don't pretend to deny that substan-
tial reductions have been offered by
these people in the prices of their pianos.
Hut do you believe that any sane man
would grive you a reduction of a clean
hundred dollars in the price of a ptano
fimply to save the sixty or seventy cents ;
it might cost to take the piano to a new
Mere? No, sirree: It means simply that
Pommer-Eilers' up-to-date methods are
<omj>ellinp others to adapt themselves to
the new order of things. 1
We have told you right along that the j
awakening must come sooner or later. ;
Old ideas, old prejudices, old methods, are !
bfing daily swept aside in every line of
human endeavor. Tills appeals with epe-
c-ial emphapf? to the Western Piano Busi-
ne«s. Pommer-Eilcrs were the pioneers j
In under-price selling of reliable pianos. '
And even though old-timers are making
progress in the right direction. Pommer-
Eiler* possess advantages that others do
not enjoy, and we Ftate once more plainly
and emphatically that we are In a posi- !
tion to sell a I
Better .Piano for Less Money
than can any other firm or agency, no
matter what the occasion, or however
plausible the excuse, that may be offered.
A Baker's Dozen Yesterday.
Exactly thirteen choice Instruments
«'wi> sold by Pommer-Eilers Monday.
With, probably one exception each pur-
chaser here had carefully investigated
the inducements offered elsewhere, but
finding our prices lower or our instru-
ments better for the price offered, they
invariably favored us with their patron-
age. .
Make Careful Comparisons.
See the Boudoir uprights offered at JH5 1
during the "tremendous Bargain Removal !
Sale." Is not our piano that we have '
jeen offering and selling right along for I
$137 a better and more substantial piano? I
We tell you that the pianos sold by us on j
numerous occasions for $118. and on one
occasion for as little as $3h.50, were in
every way equal to if not positively su-
perior to the so-called "big bargains,
which competition cannot meet, even
though it would." at $145. Look at our
pianos here now at 5137. and also some at
JUS. We'll abide by your decision.
A £*>3 Steinhauer, "used but r: short
time." is offered during the Removal Sale
for $160! Looks like*a /ubstaOUal "bav-
Kain," when offered ov-ev he signa-.-ure of
•"an old rolir.ble Jcus", r .ilch has *y
reputation »or honesiy, 2c." '^xti listen.
Sulnhauer pianos r ? t?ncil» o» ©he
-ankest ':ind. \u25ba' '11 .'.ear; it «io 'r.ny
authority a, o wh-HiW.. sueli pianos ar_>
worth an even 125 a ' eU«il. Pjrr.nd n=' r.
\u25a0\Vasn':. c deale. !n Jos'.oj •sonsriicfei 1 sojii
lime arro to \u25a1 lon~ .?nn of imprison na.'t
iol- iiellins or a'.lorinn r« fce sold} i. simi-
lar boy ior il<5 In a "p;1vrte Tiouse OUte*!* 1
See :he irado paparr 3gardin»' .'his; jr
file In any up-to-da-a dealer's oSScac
A $^!25 Stencil PZansO
A SC5 "Kohler P-. 2*hase" tjiano, "used
but little." is offered a. 5335. We'.l deyy
any one to prove tha.. this ±£. £ z c'. piano I
is not a stencil. If so. this sam/i grt.de I
and quality of instrument can '.je obtained !
in the ordinary retail way for r:_ preat deal j
less than $3<X«. brand new, and the pianc
Pommer-Eilers Music Company is selling
for $245, on easy payments, is euperior in
every way to the above. Comparison is
solicited.
A Bargain and Not a Bargain.
In their list of bargains appears "a $275 j
Kimball, good, cheap piano (used, of '
course t. for $1S5." As is well known, i
Pommer-Eilers have never asked for or
sold the $275 style of piano made by Kim-
ball for more than $176; brand new ones
at that. Plenty of them here this morn-
ing for you to select from.
By Way of Further Comparison.
Suppose you get the lowest "removal
sale price" obtainable on a slightly used,
largest size, mottled mahogany-cased
Fischer upright. Then see what we a!-e
willing to furnish the same style of in- !
ytrument for during this demonstrati/ci i
sale. \\>*H wager that you'll be ab.e to ;
save a clean $00 by placing- your order
here.
Suppose you get the best price obtain-
able en a new fancy mahogany-cased j
Knabe upright. We doubt if you can get '
a better figure than $450. We'll accept an !
order to-day for such a piano, a new one !
accompanied by a factory warranty, for
$405, on easy payments if desired.
In Conclusion. %
Look before you leap. Three thousand •
purchasers have found it to their personal i
interests to buy pianos of Pommer-Eilers
during the past eighteen months. We be-
lieve it will pay you to sear our pianos
and get our prices before definitely de-
riding elsewhere. See If it isn't worth
your while. At POMMER-EILERS MU-
SIC COMPANY. 653 Market street, oppo-
site the Chronicle building.
tj visit DR. JORDAN'S great (I
kUSEUH OF ANATOMY $
A C& ZOn 1USXX7 S7. bet. E:U?&, ST.Cil. j
V Wtwid. . Hubcun or ai.y rrmtracteri A
• Wfe^^ C.KIW r»«l"lr r«rWi,/,h t okinl T
A fljsfj 08. JOHDAN-CISEASES OF MEN J
9 J A*«n X'""* 1 ""!!! P«M>«'ly «r br Irtser. A A
\ H If TlK *""— \
Af-'I 'ill? Wrlit for Bx>k. PBILONUPB V of Jt
V 1 ;{ jjH nURIIIAbi:. MAILED PREE. (AV
A (* 11 **!uablc i "*ok for mrn) \
V Dlt JOQDA.M «*«'«.. 1C5I Market St..S. F. Q
Jp^ Those stifferintr from weak-
B^ nesses which tap the pleasures
* \u25a0 * of life should take Juven PilK
in One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejurenatine. vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adr. ana SL *
Made by it? originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Maes.
! ~W^ FAVORITE
; INSCRIPTION ;
! JfflL FOR WEAK WOrWEM. j
sj&Bte&A MENANDWQME*.
rtj^SrcCBEto^BH Cm Bie O for nnB»tur»l
£^fSf\ m iul 4»r»\9 diich»r»e«,infl*rum«tioni.
jC:J*f Gom»M.i«4 |J irritnioni or uleeralioci
f6f not tc •trletnrt. of taucooi membrane*.
IF % Prrr..U (»Ut>H. Painletl, »nd DOt aitrla-
pTSliHtEUKSCKEIl'OlCa. gent or poi«onout.
VsCn C!HC:XMTI,C.R55j3 SeId b 7 BracfUt*.
\KVCK C6.A. iSTor lent in plain wrapper.
jtXSHK- >t\H br rxpriut. prepaid, for
Tg^^^BW fBriPJB »l j00. or • bottle S2.7S.
'XBap'V \u25a0 Circular test ca re«uett
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUK
Great Mexican Remedy; give* health and
ttr< r.t:h to eexual organs. Depot, 323 llaxktt.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
v^^^OOO cJUPGES
OF BEER, DECLARE
Blatz Beer
Superior from all points oi
\u25bclaw; Possessing 1 absolute pur-
ity, proper agr* and Honest
riavor. Adapted to all tastes
according to Brew and Brand.
EXPORT WIENER PRIVATE STOCK MUENCHEHER
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZBREWIKG CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
/• 5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1646. Wholesale Dealers.
Palace dont fail to
rdiatc gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
a fill room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
f-^,1 PALM ROOM, the
iiranQ louis xv par.
viiuuu LOR and the LA
VLwi'ki* DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
HIGH GRADE_GOLD WATCH
On G easy payments, $2 down, $1 per week.
Standard movements. Fully guaranteed.
POSSESSION GIVEN IMMEDIATELY.
FRANKLIN WATCH CO.,
'137 MONTGOMERY ST.» room 12.
SP1 1 I sTWBiW wt iHxf A Vm " jBa \u25a0
iul bBv \u25a0 Pi I jm «i
LEADING BUSINESS < COLLEGE ', OF THH
WEST. 24 Post St.. -Ban Francisco. Cal. -
Established 40 years. \u25a0 Open entire year '
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY.
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Bearding and day school for boys under IS y»s.n
ef »««. - Studies commence MONDAY. August A.
100a Band .for prospectus to Bra.' Genebran.
St; Mary's College"
OAKLAND, CAL. '
Ctudlea will be resumed MONDAY; August JL
1903. BRO. ZENONUN, PrtBldeat.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
*w?/™ ne .i* V "!.I 0 ? r w °nd«rfnl "Ca«caret«" for
taree montbi and beine entirely cored of stomach
catarrh and dyspepsia. I think a word of pratte Is
aneto Cascarett for their wonderful composition.
I h»»e taken numerous other so-called remedies
but without avail and I find that CasesreU relieve
wonfd in'aiesr 1 " * n th * otheri 1 h * Td uk * B
James Mc'Oune. 108 Mercer St., Jersey City, K. J.
jffiPi^k BesT for
m The Bowels V\
CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleaiant. Palatable. Potent. Taite Good, Do Good,
tV?M e f b i5^ n « S>» ken or QriPe. 10c. 2»c. SOe. Never
sold In bnlk. The cennine tablet stamped COO.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. m»
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/f§§l||||>. For Good Luck
f^S on *^ c kbel» and you will be free from the I 1
||f| constant worry and annoyance of torn and j
f*"j \u25a0* *j * uneven f \u25a0* \u25a0
pi H&i*tsliOM\ te
§11 SliEici© I\.ollcrs m
|^|% I WOOD ROLLERS. TIM ROLLERS* I ITuesday, September 23. \u25a0
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. lil days 9 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 7 hours.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
' Schr'Mlnnle A.Caine and Fr' bark Gael.
raiflfcini'iag* ocean . steamer. t«!S8pSS»
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 30, 12:30 a m
—Stmr Haverford,- from Philadelphia, for Liv
erpool, and proceeded.
- \u25a0 . -
Late Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
GUlls ; . ti . E n. V. ...:.... . .Schmidt
Mclnnes..' R E L ........ .O'Connor
Tweedy- Dyer. .... L. . H R . . , A. Golcher
Kerns... .....:.'.. R H I*. ..Markwart-Merrltt
Gabriel ........... Fullback . ." ; . , . Merritt-Snell
Kell-Hanna....... Quarter ...Stone-B. Golcher
BERKELEY, Sept. 29.— The freshmen
trounced the eleven from"- the Lick School
this afternoon to the tune of 12 to 0.
The work, however, was done . with
neither neatness nor dispatch. The fresh
men were sluggish and changed often and
the players from the Lick School 'fought
like tigers. -The freshmen scored- the
first touchdown and goal after the first
twenty minutes was ten minutes - old,
Kerns making all six points. The second
touchdown and coal were scored after
a fierce struggle near the end of the sec
ond half. There were no remarkable
plays, no runs over ten yards and not k a
player could be said to have distinguished
himself. The 'line-up was as follows: •
Freshmen. Lick. •
Haffey •*. .Center '.Hotchktns-Trlngrove
Brown. L G R. . . . "Whlte-Gilllnjham
Jackson.. .. K G L. .Moullin
Clark .L T It.. ...Burta
Heabury n T L. ...::........ .Maine
FRESHMEN DEFEAT LICK
SCHOOL AT FOOTBALL
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 29.— The American
League season closed here to-day with a ten-
Innlng burlesque. • Manager Mack tried some
of his new men and the result was a raggod
game. Lajole retired in the sixth Inning.
Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 7 7 1
Philadelphia 5 12 5
Batteries— Stovall and Abbott; Pinance, Fair
banks, and Callahan.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— GriMth'a New York
team wound up the American League baseball
season here to-day with another victory over
Detroit. The locals batted Kane freely, while
the visitors got but six hits. Attendance. 1000.
Score: .
R. H. E.
N*rw. York 10 14 2
Detroit 4 6 3
Batteries— Puttmanri, Adklns and Zaiuskey;
Kane and McGuirC.
TEN-INNING BURLESQUE
PLAYED AT PHILADELPHIA
"Johnny" More has definitely decided to
get. into the game again, after flirting
with it since practice began, and is now a
candidate for quarterback on the varsity.
Mini was reported as ready to play again,
but he said to-day that he had not decid
ed what he would do and that it all de
pended on the coaches whether he played
or not. '
The original list contained fifty-three
names, but seven were rejected by the
faculty. Of these seven, one is Boothe, a
promising player, who was thought to be
ineligible on account of the limited num
ber of his studies. This matter is about
to be adjusted, however, with the Bel
mont school, of which he was a member,
and he will probably play in the fresh
men game.
Lucius Allen. Harold Bird, P. E. Bowles Jr..
G. H. Brown, F. D. Camlnetti, L. D. Clark,
C. V. Craig, J. F. Crow. W. C. Davis, C. L.
Dlmler, E. E. Dyer, J. H. Eggers. W. N. Ga
briel, A. R. Galloway, T. J. Geary. K. C.
Glllis, R. A. Grimes, C. W.- Haftey. C. S.
Haley, W. J. Hammond, W. Horton, R. C.
\u25a0Jackson, Claude Kern. G. C. Jones. J. Edw'.n
Killian. Harry G. Kletnschmldt. Paul Lach
man. A. W. MacKichol, C. R. McBride, F. C.
McGinnls. H. G. MacKannay. H. R. Mead,
Elmer Mlllard. M. B. Mitzmain, C. Ollason.
C. H. Sanborn. H. J. Schaufele. Almy Seabury,
W. M. Sell; H. E. Sherman Jr.. A. B Smith
W. C, Steves, J. B. Sweany. J. K. Tweedy,
T. D. Watson and C. A. Washburn.
BERKELEY, Sept. 29.— Manager Ezra
Decoto has furnished Stanford Univer
sity with the following list of freshmen
eligible to represent the University of
California in the intercollegiate football
game: <
Faculty Rejects Only Seven From
Fifty-Three Submitted by
Manager Decoto.
SUPPLIES STANFORD LIST
OF FRESHMEN PLAYERS
2:30 trot, purs* $1000, two in three— Bessie
Brown won two straight heats I.i 2:15%,
2:13%. Baron Wedsewood, Alberta, Bessie
Kinley. Sidnut, Clara Belle, Gayoso and Gro
cery Maid also started. ,
2:10 pace, purse $1000, two In three — Irish
I>lder won two straight heats in 2:12%, 2:13%.
COD, Hard Case, Cotillon/ Charley C, Judge
Pryor, Holly Dillon. Walter H, Kate Renals,
Line o' Gold, Belle Mac, Flicker, Money Musk,
Direct L and Ola Mapes also started.
The Horse Review, puree $3000, for two
year-old trotters, two In three — Alta Axworthy
won the second and third heats in 2:15^4,
2:1U%. Grace Bond won the first heat in
2:14 3-5. The Hermit. Madge Wildfire. Alice
Edgar, California ' Cresceus, Bequeath, Jessie
Renyon and Major Cucthleln also started.
2:08 pace, purse $1200, two In thrcf — Council
Chimes won the second and fourth heats in
2:St*Vit 2:U9%. I>arry Glnter won the third
heat in 2:08. Baron Roger* won the first
heat in 2:0714. Allerson, Johnny Wiseman,
Robert I, Trilby Direct, Dick Wilson, Mustard.
Padden Wllkes, Dora Delpha, Hal Chaffln and
Cambria Maid a'so started.
2:09 trot, the Ohio stake, $5000, three heats
of one mile each — Caspian won the first and
second heats in,2:0l»Vl, 2:10%. Hawthorne
won the third heat in 2:09V4. . The Roman,
Dulce Cor. Maxine and Walnut Hall also
started. The money was divided, Caspian
$2250, Hawthorne $1800. The Roman $400,
Dolce Cor SG50.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 29.— The Ohio stake
of $5000, three heats of one mile each for
trotters of the 2:09 class at the Grand
Circuit meet at Oakley to-day proved a
disappointment. Caspian won easily.
The Horse Review purse of $3000 for two
year-old trotters . went to Alta Axworthy
after she had lost the first heat to Grace
Bond. It was the best race of the day
and resulted in the establishment of a
new world's record for the three fastest
heats ever trotted by two-year-olds. Sum
mary:
Alta Axworthy and Grace Bond
Make Remarkable Time at-
Oakley Park.
TWO-YEAR-OLD TROTTERS
BREAK WORLD'S RECORD
Bank Robber Holds Fosse at Bay.
OTTUMWA, Iowa, Sept. 29.— After elud
ing posses for twenty-four nours, an un
known horse thief, suspected of being the
Missouri bank robber, is holding at bay
a posse of nearly 200 in the heavy woods
twenty miles southeast of this city.
John T. Gibbons is quoted as saying that
in boyhood his brother, now Cardinal and
Archbishop, delighted in athletic exer
cises, playing a rattling game of 'baseball,
was a splendid swimmer and withal was
very methodical. "He had a certain time
for study, a time for play and a time
for prayer. He was a boy of system. Just
as he is to-day a man of system."
The total amount of money coined by
all of Queen Victoria's predecessors on
tho throne was 51,025,000.000. During her
reign the mint turned out $2,250,000,000. .
Exciting Game Is Expected at San
Mateo Between the Hurons and
the Talagoos.
SAN MATEO, Sept. 29.-George R.
Bigelow, an authority on lacrosse, has
been chosen referee of the big match
game to be played here next Sunday be
tween the Hurons of San Francisco and
the Talagoo team of this city. . As this
BIGELOW WILL REFEREE
THE LACROSSE HATCH
game is to be for the State championship
wide interest is being manifested In It
and a large attendance is assured.
The Talagoos have recently added some
excellent players to their list and their
boast that they will take the game from
the Hurons Is not without reasonabla
probability.
The playdrs assert that the grounds
here are the best In the State. The ball
will be faced for next Sunday's game by
W. B. Hamilton promptly at 2:30 in the
afternoon at W. C. Clark's polo field.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Sept. 29.— Vesta
Tilly, the English comedienne, made her
initiftl appearance In this country as a
star at the opera-house here to-night in
Clyde Fitch's new comedy, "Aly." Miss
Tilly has ample opportunity to sustain
her reputation as being without an equal
in wearing men's garments and also to
prove her gift as a comedienne. The sup
porting company was first class.
Makes Initial Appearance as a Star.
ST. LOUTS, Sept. 29.— The first day's
labor, toward merging of the Cumberland
Presby.terian arid the Presbyterian de
•iMminatioris was accomplished to-day at
the Southern Hotel by a committee of
twelve appointed by the Cumberlutid
Presbyterian committee. To-morrow In
another parlor of the Southern Hotel a
committee- of ten "appointed for the same
purpose of fraternity and union by the
Presbyterian General Assembly will meet.
The Cumberland Presbyterian committee
is to continue Its sessions and on Thurs
day the two committees will meet Jointly
to continue in Joint session day after day
until a basis of agreement can be reached.
.The union of the two denominations will
bring under cne control large property in
terests—schools, publishing houses, relig
ious newspapers and many . churches.
Rev. Robert F. Coyle of Denver is a
member of the Presbyterian committee.
Delay In the Beavers Ca"se.
XEW " YORK, Sept. 23.— Counsel for
George TV. Beavers, the former head of
the Salary* and Allowance Division in
the. Postofflce Department at Wash
ington, after a consultation to-day
with 'Assistant United States District At
torney .Wise, announced that the hearing
la the beavers case scheduled for to-mor
row had been adjourned until October 12.
Big Discovery cf Tin Ore.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 23.— A hun
dred-foot ledge of tin ore is reported to
have been discovered near Lost River, in
the Cape York District, north of Cape
Nome. Details of the discovery, which,
it is said, may prove the greatest known
anywhere, are not given.
Quicksilver Production.
The production of quicksilver in the
United States during 1902, says Dr. Jo
seph Struthers In his report to the United
States Geological Survey, amounted to
C4 451 flasks of 76^4 pounds each, valued
at $1,500,412. as compared with 29.727 flasks,
valued at $1,332,305. In 1901, an Increase in
quantity of 4724 flasks and in value of
JUS 107. California contributed the greater
T>art of the output, amounting to 29,199
flasks, as compared with 26.720 flasks in
VfA Texas reported 5252 flasks, as com
pared -with 2232 flasks in 1901. both States
Thus showing an increase in the produc
tion above that of the preceding year.
Oregon, which furnished seventy-five
flanks in 1901. reported no production dur-
Jrg 1902. the quicksilver mining operations
•n that State being limited to development
The* report contains 'a detailed review
by William Forstner of the progress In
quicksilver mining In California during
J502 As is well known, California has
produced nearly the entire output of
quicksilver in the United States, the
quantity to be cr-editrd to that State since
1530 amounting to 1,913.258 flasks, of which
the New Almaden mine, in Santa Clara
<:ounty. has furnished more than 50 per
The production of quicksilver In Texas
during 19C2. valued at $228,020, as com
pared with' a value of $132,438 in 1901.
rhows a very active development of the
industry. The entire output for both
years was produced by the Marfa and
Mariposa Mining Company, operating at
T*rlingua, Brewster County.
The exports of quicksilver for 1902
amounted to 13,247 flasks, valued at $375.
<f«t, as conspared with 11,219 flasks, valued
n't !' $475,609. in 1S01. Of the exports 6912
flarks, valued at $383,578, went out of the
port of San Francisco, nearly one-half go
ing to Hongkong.— "Washington Star.
The number- of deaths from the bubonic
plague in India during the first three
months of the present year amount to
r,l 000. The annual mortality for the last
«5x ycar^, due entirely to the pest and
not tncluffing deaths from other diseases
or from famine, is as follows: 1S37. 06.000;
JS3S, 118.000: JO9. 135.W0; 1300. {8,000; 1331,
Ci.000; UKJ2, CT.OOQ.
DENVER, Sept. 30.— A special to the
News from Victor this morning says that
at a late hour last night the office of the
Victor Daily Record, thc official organ of
the Miners" Union, was raided by officers
of the postofflce Inspector's office and the
editorial force arrested and the paper
closed on a charge of publishing: and send
ing: seditious articles through the mails.
Proposed Union Will Bring
. Large Froperty Interests
• . Together.
Charge Miners' Journal With
• Sending Seditious Arti
cles Through Mails.
Committees Prom Two
Denominations Meet
in St. Louis.
Postal Inspectors Arrest
Editorial Staff at
Victor.
RAID ON OFFICE
OF A NEWSPAPER
Twin Peaks Park failed to be provided
for by a $159,000 debt, as the proposition
was lost by a vote of 9244 against 1G.S04,
the two-thirds majority failing to be ac
complished.
Likewise the proposition to convert St.
Mary's place into a public square at a
cost of $205,000 failed by a vote of %10 to
16,703.
The Mission is to have its park, costing
$293,000, for the vote was 19,386 in favor of
and CS62 against the proposition. .
Telegraph Hill will be made a park at
the cost of $597,000, according to the fol
lowing vote: In favor, 17,790; opposed,
8197.
For the $1,647,000 bonds for the purpose
~bt erecting a new City Library, 18,700
against 7413 v;as the score.
The proposition to raise $741,000 by a
bonded debt in order to supply children's
playgrounds was carried by a vote of 19,
647 against 6545.
The proposed extension of Golden Gate
Park to the Presidio at a cost of $330,000
was carried by 18,417 to 7683.
His buggy, his chairs and his bed it
has been necessary to have made espe
cially to" order. Brlnson finds it difficult
to arise from a sitting position, but once
upon his feet he is tremendously strong.
For Instance, he finds it an easy matter
to lift an ordinary upright piano and
place it on his shoulder.
A short thne ago a mule ran away near
his store, and, hearing the shouts of his
neighbors, he walked to the middle of the
street just " as the frightened animal
dashed up. "With a couple of strides he
was in the middle of the road and had
the mule by the bridle. To the conster
nation cf all the mute came to a violent
stop, falling to his knees.
Mr. Brinson is a member of "Wakefield
Lodge Xo. 27, Knights of Pythias.— Xew
York Commercial. ;
The biggest Knight of Pythias in the
world lives at AVaycross, Ga. He is W.
T. Brinson, and he Is one of the most
active and earnest workers in the fra
ternity. \u25a0 Nor has he dreamed his life
away as a bachelor, but in the presence
of a handsome young wife and eight hale
and hearty children, ranging in age from
IS to 3 years, It Is quite evident that he
is shirking none of the duties of an or
dinary man's existence. Mrs. Urlnson
was a Miss Hart, and weighs only 115
pounds. •
Mr. Brinson balances the scales at 57U
pounds,' has a waist measure of 92 inches,
and wears No. 11 shoos. As a child he
was not above the average, but at 16
years he weighed something like 3J0
pounds, '.and since then his weight has
steadily increased.
He has had repeated and magnificent
offers from Northern museums to put
himself on exhibition, but has preferred
to stay at home and run his turpentine
still.
A Georgia "Pythian" Who Tips the
• Scales at 570 Pounds and Girts
Ninety-Two Inches.
THE BIGGEST "KNIGHT"
SOFAS REPORTED
The proposition to incurr a bonded debt
of $1,000,000 .for the erection of a new City
and County Hospital was carried by a
vote of 24,454 to 2.4S8.
The proposition to spend J7.2SO.000 in the
construction of a sewer system carried
by 22,224 against 4SS2.
For the bonded debt of J3,5?5,OO0 for the
purpose of erecting new school houses
and improving present structures the
vote stood 23,2j5 for and 33S4 against.
The bonds for $1,621,000 to be given for
the improvements of streets went through
by a vote of 22.143 to 4460.
The proposition to raise $697,000 for the
erection of a new County Jail was car
ried by 19,778 votes against 6,514.
Under the law a two-thirds majority of
the whole vote cast was necessary to
carry any of the twelve propositions
which were put before the voters. The
first nine and the twelfth propositions
were consequently carried, while the tenth
and eleventh failed of sanction. The fol
lowing shows the total vote on each prop
osition:
CHURCH MERGER
IS CONTEMPLATED
".'.That the bond issue evoked a large
amount of interest among the voters of
the city was shown by the total number
• pf rotes polled, which was 27,234. In the
Mission the largest majority of votes per
rreclnct was registered, 6howingr that the
•dwellers In that part of the city were
.alive to the interests which directly af
fected them In the bonds question. From'
the western margin of- the city. In. the
Forty-fifth and adjacent districts, the
vote was smaller.
B. Y the sanction of popular suf
frage, the city and county of
Kan Francisco yesterday In
curred a bonded debt of $17,771,000
. for internal Improvements. Of
the twelve propositions voted upon all but
two were carried by substantial majori
ties. These two, the proposed bonded
debt for the establishment of parks at the
Twin Peaks district and the establish
"m«5nt of a public square at St. Mary's
place, were lost only by margins of less
than 1000 votes.
City and County Incurs Indebtedness of $17,771,000 With Which
to Provide Parks, Sewers and Playgrounds, Repair Streets and
Build Schoolhouses and Hospital, Total Vote Being 27,234
PEOPLE INDORSE BOND IMPROVEMENTS,
DEFEATING ONLY TWO PROPOSITIONS
THE SAN FRAKCJSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1903.
BOND PROPOSITIONS RECEIVING SANCTION.
For new City and County Hospital — $1,000,000.
For new sewer system — $7,250,000.
For new schoolhouses, the improvement of existing schoolhouses and the acquisition of
iand for school building purposes — $3,595,000.
For constructing a new County Jail and additions to the Hall of Justice^ — $679,000.
For a new Public Library and Reading Rooms — $1,647,000.
For additional children's playgrounds— $741,000.
For the extension of Golden Gate Park northerly between Thirteenth and Fourteenth 1
avenues so as to connect with the Presidio — $330,000.
For the conversion of Telegraph Hill into a public park — $597,000.
. ; For the establishing of a public park in the Mission— $293,000.
BOND PROPOSITIONS FAILING OF SANCTION.
For the establishment of a public park in the Twin Peaks Tract — $159,000.
For the establishment of the proposed St. Mary's square park — $205,000.
5
THE EMPORIUM. ( THE EMPORIUM. > 1 THE EMPORIUM. THE EJgP^RIUM.
$ Matting and special Sale Goods ordered by mail Samson Lining
i • #?£r#v<s &29ie**s or telegraph will not be sent C. O. D. Siltr S&G Ysfli
•£ All th» weik ws quotes . • //) jLf r J+ Alining that will give better satisfaction than
* Matting, regularly $7. 50 roll tnd aoc per yard, V^> m m T f-. — . L - - J'- -' J- 1 V ,. . 6 , , , ,
& for $5.70 roll; yard . . . . . ... . 15C £^14 P frfttff /^fr/ I I I Iff *** " lk lmiDg CV " hadj 8 uarantccd t0 hs
$ Matting worth £9.00 per roll, 25c per yard, for $7.4O M £ &~^L^ B E(tt*JW L&V&^IJ^.^ P urc si ' k » wiJ1 not s P :i: . or tear; b'ack,
'if roll; yard ...... ... ...... . 2Oc californh's i apr.rgr. M v!^^^-^^ 0mm ~~' white and mil colors, 19 inches wide; yard
*C Smyrna Rues — 9x11 foot size, 6 handsome patterns worth ' ' '\u25a0i.^jaUllillliJIIWl^*^^^^^^ ' - -'\u25a0 V? v^" — - » CZOr%
J, J22. 50; each $36.80 "— «^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE COG
I These Housefurnishing x A Sate of Skins 38c
I 43*B***#& fFnri TV»— Jlf SraM We have secured a tremendous lot of colored sheepskins
| ixoo&s vases emu ao-Ntgm for this saIe> in alI probabij}ties enough t0 Iast until
«J We confidently assert that these prices cannot be dupli- closing time to-morrow. There are plenty of all
*: cated on the Pacific Coast; every article is perfect and up- colors — reds, greens, browns, tans, modes, etc. Large,
j: to-date. perfect skins, and thiey go Wednesday and Thursday
l£ $1.50 Folding Tables -Tops 36x19 inches $12.50 White Mission Blankets— To-day; at OUr USUal Sale pHCe, each 3&C
\ yard measure On top, tO-day . . . $1.16 par ". . . „ '. . . . $7mQ5
5 35c Ostrich Feather Dusters-To-day.22© $5.00 White Oregon Blankets— To-day, per «i_ B^ ** B -
"8 fffl?OprS?wrin;« \'i 25Q • • • $3 - 98 Sate of Down Cushions
J $3.00 Wood not Wrln S"*- T^y^^ 5-ib^Whlle^BUnkeU-Fine **»» n,akg To-day andThursday, while qaantity lasts, we offer you lour ,iz=s of genu-
•f SI. 25 Sensible Flat Iron* — To-day, «st . . 2 tZ'S?. \«." '. ' '. '\u25a0 ~ •*•*"*** ine down cushions filled with pure gray down, fine cambric-covering, at these
I . • V •\u25a0.• • V i Oao »?, "»?O*H 8=°«<"» reduction from regular priccj:
I |gp^^p^| iMm$*S Wi $3 ? s 8 o P «»» ;- c-&- f 6oc
5 $1.25 Universal Food-Chopper— To-day .. $3. 75 White Spreads— Sightly soiled, each 85c 22x22 in. Cush-.ons for -. . : . . 7Oc
X 98O $2.98 J1.00 24x24 in. Cushions for SOc
*£ $1-00 Galvanized Wash Tubi— To-day.50© $2.95 Marseilles Spreads— Perfect in eyery « 1. 2 C 26x26 in. Cushions for SQc
5 1 60c English Teapots— Dark brown, deco- respect; each ... ..... $1,78 ****** •\u25a0> .
K rated •. . . . 39O $1-25 Comforters— Full lize; each . 98c -
K $10.00 Dinner Sets- Am:ricatiB:auty, white 2C-lnch Crash Toweling— Fully Bleached; IRlZiiSTH GffmSi'i^ 2&BH&S BJB &TS §££*£*§$ 23 **
5 temi-porcelain, 100 piecei for 12 persons; yard So mmmmmMm VVWBw KUMtJUm m^MBBBSfB
§ to-day. .... . . . . . $7.4Q PiHow Cases -Bleached, perfectly male; SOtJUB £xfff*3 }/&3UGS
* 20c Berry Bowls— Imitaticn cut glaes. |4o e«h 11c .. , „ . „ • < 7«« t 1 «\u25a0\u25a0••«»
S Thin-Blown Glass Tumblers -With gold Bed Sheets -For large beds; each . . BOo Men's Rain Coats $10.00 — Long, Ioojc, swagger garments, combination ram
£ band, worth $1. 1$ doz.; to-day . . 72o 40c Glazjd Cuspidor— To-day . . . 28o co ? r "V 1 F^ and w «t« orercoat, suitable for day or eyening wear-suitable tor rain or slrne.
j. \u25a0. These handsome, economical coats are made of all wool, rain proof, Ox.'ord gray cr biack
g j J\f SO Jkt lOO At 25C chevots with silk sleeve Inirgs, perfee'e fit guir- i
S • antecd, and a Yery special #9 4?ifS HTft &H
« Wire Coat Hangers Otrich Feather Dusters Family Cleavers Xy^y^^^T^^^^Vw value at . . - U ip IB lbf
S Wood Butter Paddles Pesch-Pittng Spoons Fruit jar FUlers j^^imliMm^^^ t j- t j «Ji . ix • n -ru
t Quart Tin Fruit Cans Emery Kni e Sharpeners Large RatUn Carpet Beaters \t^ I MlllllW^ \ LadlCS 1 Mid Misses* Dam CoatS— The ncweat
»t Fine Tcoth Picks Pots (iron handles) Jap-a-lac (new wood polish) T///M ill I M'W^inL X and most stylish garment-, wuh or withoat cap-,
* Tin Mouss Traps Frut Jar Wrench rs Stlf-pulling Corkscrew! fm/g/ \\j^3%r\JSslSfi >^^ suitab'e for wear o.-» bright days as well as in th: |
$ Box Night Tapers Renovar C eaning Ruid Alcohol Stove* (wrought iron) QVmIBM/ /A rain; water-proof, dam>proof and sun-proof; prices
J Door-Bumpen Callustro Cleaning Bags Fancy Wood Salt B^x j \. \3L^^Wwl If \ «nge from $8,95 to $20. OO
%\ Glue (in tubes) Bjx Moth Paper .• "M^'/ii \ Ladies' and Misses' Mackintoshes — Hundreds
| ' And many other generous reductions in price. ' gUl fll t ISSnim vlMik \ to from in lhc 0 "" 1 "' 4 8 rcit ftock -
$ • f\\ \\ «S'IM#/f/ / M « ro ' $2.75, $2.95, $3.45
i -^ - »* - a mim-am- (^1 hKSHffl'U Woman's ... $3.25, $3.95 to $7.45
i Popuiar Priced Msitsnery fiffiWK If Y umbrellas
H Chfldrcn*sHats — Shaggy felts in the new effects, trimmed t&fflf \'W'S f \! chooie from thc Iargcst * tock in th= city » at a>i P nces
I with ribbons, folds of velvet and steel 'IS ||>I M MBi'66'*'^^££%
K buckles, splendid bargains at *&&*&& ! M |.||i m "* m mjwmmw p jragonfr3mei covert with
* Ladies* Trimmed Hats— A new line of velvet and silk beauties, trimmsd with ' \ffl ill ' ' J 21°™' **** "' fanCy ** " ""* 5nch "
I birds' wings and aigrettes. These hats arc in all of the new Fall shades, K ISKU^rt At $2.00 A hr^ Jc cf o Ca . ro! ?' silk
ft .,,..ii_ j i i i i .-.-. «— 1/ raVtVlSinrfta covered, s6 or 28 inch um-
* including VioktS, browns, castors and.black, only §5*85 . \ ///\|\|^M breUas with sterling-mounted horn, pearl or boxwood
K BcauUlul BlacK Hals— Made of velvet and trimmed with wings and birds, / \ J] VM^. J?2 dl 2>*m *+** \ -,t u -, u L
t aigrettes and velvet roses, values not possible to duplicate -elsewhere at the "^^J^^W.'^, At 63.00 pure s;I^ mbrc > *\u25a0* b=*
?» . Z3m^^- .. ij _ 1 ' frame, 26-inch size, with se-
J^ price ... $B*95 lected wood handles in newest d.-s ; gns.
{ Sale of Silk New Winter Waists Dressing Sacgues
t and Dress Goods Ncw «du» .^, wd«. Special 98c, St. 39, $1.69
I Heim y Bi3&ffdt& WZf cheviot and cloth. Sicques-Fitted back loose front sailor collar,
ft m m%JFummmm<m>nmmm^jr \ -if • crochet edge, satin nobon;Mn solid colors, red,
£ To-day only your choice of hundreds of.short . w{ NoWhcre will you find plnlc, blue and gray; value, for . QQ C
i lengths' of this season's choicest silks and dress " gC r , COmpJetC , an Udies' Eiderdown Sacques— la afl-wool finer ttripe elfcco,
2" j «#* a lr«^ w -rrAnr-rA ////////// /7^\ assortment of these new dc- fitted back, loose front, large coDar, neck finished with satin
g good, at one-quarter Off •Irwdy reduced (Wlll[t\ sign, as here; beauty ex- ribbons $1.75 *« for . • • • $1.39
* remnant prices. The silks are in lengths from 1 to {MlljjJ^ik \ elusive and reasonable prices Udies> Eld « rdown Sacque,-In dainty striped and figured
AT 6 yards, many of them choice shirt waist pieces; ///n /^/7//7V \ ' effects; large appliqued sailor collar, full shell crochit edge,
ft' both black and colored. The dress goods include [.(1 1 j I 1/7 >^ ) raD S e ' fitted back, loose front, satin ribbons, etc. ; colors red, blue,
5 all of the new plain and mixed effect; ztbelines, \^\}W P J Particolar Mention » ynk and lavender; <».a 5 values for $L69
£ twC eds and cheviots, among them many skirt and \ W^A f^ing tn GrOCery, LlQUOrS
K sultlcn s th5 - • . , • fflHPEitmrW' value - it "made of figured Wednesday and Thursday
t " _— Oxford cheviot, medium Ham^ Our beit Eaitern tusar curcd; for th= two **" only;
£ Safe Of SfipperS l -m-\ weight, in a variety Of KoScoffee-oVedtbraiedHiwaiian blend; *po«nd 19O
S \ ;'_\u25a0\u25a0•., , TU j rr pretty patterns (white only); broad tucks fall from Choice Tea— Unco!ored Japan, English Breakfast cr Oolong
J- iTO-day and InurSaay We Orrer, the shoulders and stitched straps on self material ex- all choice pickings; 3 pounds $1.00
% t\VO Styles Of ladies' full dreSS Slip- tend across bust, box-pleated back, neatly designed H«I« Pickles— Sweet^WIixed; quart . ._ 25o
$ pers; "One With patent Vamp, 3 collar and cuffs to match, pearl buttons; finished and HoWhite Wm-a^""dSnc; wL'; 'gail'on*. ! 45c
*° StrSDS, LOUiS XV heels; the Other fit thc Vcry bcst * * Sfm25 American Oub Whisky- Bourbon, straight goods; gallon
| made with a cross strap over the instep, embroid. Novelty Vesting Waists -Handsome imported bro- ' * " 'Above Whisky is 'iv'ort'h jfc.V. " * UQ5
J. cred with black jet beads and medium height leather caded and basket iveave design,, each 0. P. S. WhUky-1879-DhtiUed from pure grain. Instead
Jf heels; they are all in the newest shape toes, with KQ £3 SO £4 75 in S7 SO of J 1.50 bottle, for the two days $1.1O
Jf hand turned soles, and are the biggest slipper value *p^m%*\* 9 *p%»m%*u f «+»**•* •* «w < *"" JU Porter, Best Domestic— Equal to imported; dozen . $t.O5
£ you ever saw, at the special two-day price . . . New Flannel Waists— In a variety of colors; at . . Old Highland Scotch Whhky-Wm Williams-} bet OO©
» ' <;« cp QCrV, Cf <7/l CO nn Extra Sonoma Oaret- Five years old; ganon . . . . 4Oo
fc »f«Og UtSC, 91.OU ana $\J.UU Above Wine in 5 trallon lots Sr.Sj.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In buying a, hat a thing more "'^^^^M^/^^^S^ '
to. be ..considered is quality :f y^r
rather than price. Were you "7."
to judge our $1.30 hats by other hats sold at this price, you
would have a wrong impression of the goods. These hats
compare favorably with the hats sold by exclusive dealers at
$2.00. Therefore, we want you to consider the quality rather
than the price, because the price is so low that it may make
you prejudiced.
We can show you every style, shape and color at $1.30, and
we will guarantee each hat. See them in our windows. •
. $1.30
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
740 Market Street
T aJJVERTISEME.NTS.
Wf fk\M Cribs, beds, go-carts, carriages, \
CavSrf/r/Er^ bleS"""** choice \u25a0 n I>iv3i
i X "I»njc« brsss bases* sLpsz *^i ***i *'^V I *3 nS
Q^f # 3vh1 im'- l *^^' f***wTiH>Ti^ 'f^ T^ p i ICJIWEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 30, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All CommunlcatloQS to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You "With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 9. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Dlonth. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tfrat by Mall. Including Postage (C*sh With Order):
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year fS.OO
DAILY CALL <lnc!udin* Sunday). « month* 4.OO
DAILY CAL.tr— By Single Month 75c
ECKDAT CAXXt On« Tear 2 -°°
VTEEKLT CALL. One Tear x '°°
f Daily . . . *8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra.
All poatmaatera are aathoriced to recelre
\u25a0abftcriptlons.
Baisple ecplea will be forwarded when r«<iue»t*d.
SiaU subscriber* In ordering chance of address should be
particular to Klve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to loanre a prompt and oorrect compliaaoe with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
UERKKLEV OFFICE.
Z148 Center Street .Telephone Xorth 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Mimaeer Foreign Adver
tising, Marquette Balldtnsr, Chicajro.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
JIOUTOX K. CRAKE 14OU O Street, IV. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building-
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
BR ASfCII OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 0:30 o'clock. 300 Hiy»!>, oj-n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 0:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
9:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until & o'clock. 1099 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. NW. oorner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until V o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 o'clock.
That part of the Superior Court having its being
in San Francisco and weird in the, record of its
anomalous decisions has nicked a new notch in its
remarkable career. It has decided that "knockout
drops," that deadly poison which only the predatory
and murderous minded carry, may be legally in
one's possession until an evil intent to use be estab
lished. One may as well say that the possessor of
a mask, skeleton keys, brass knuckles and a re
volver is a pillar of state until his murdered victim is
found on the street. -
The delays and procrastination; of California
courts are proverbial, but it took a San Jose man
sentenced for an offense and awaiting judgment on
appeal to state the case in its most ridiculous and at
the same time most pathetic form. He\has begged
the courts to permit him to begin his punishment
and to dismiss the appeal he has made to, the Su-
preme Court.
. W. H. Kennedy, blacksmith, San Fran
cisco, filed a petition In Insolvency yes
terday In the United States District
Court. He owes ?1394 / and has $150
assets. ;•'/;;':;;
Insolvent Blacksmith.
The report of the appraiser appointed
by the court to estimate the value of the
estate of the late Melanie Langley wa3
filed yesterday. It shows that the de
ceased was worth 163,950 26. The estate
consists of $3500 2G in cash, 1S4 shares of
stock in the Langley & Michaels Com
pany, worth $9200; other stocks and bonds
worth 144,340, and promissory notes for
16S5O. .-\ ;-.*\u25a0
Mrs. Iiangley's Estate Appraised.
ONLY a short time ago President Hadley of
Yale addressed the students upon the growth
of an ostentatious luxury among the
wealthier members of the university and declared
a conviction that the intellectual life of the place
would be weakened unless some means were found
for putting a stop to the evil. Hardly had his indig
nant protest and earnest appeal died away when re
ports from the East brought the story of a freshman
arriving at the university town in a private car ac
companied by such a retinue that the railway officials
thought the president of the road had come. Evi
dently wealth at Yale continues to be ostentatious.
Time was when a freshman who would have dared
to put on the least swagger at Yale would have had
it rubbed out of him by a process that would have
left him limp for the rest of the academic year, but
under the new order of things the more swagger the
freshman can show the. more kow tow is done to him
by his admiring fellows.
Excesses at Yale sre but a reflex of the excesses of
life in New York. Recently Whitelaw Reid spoke of
the ostentation of wealth as one of the greatest evils
of our time and country. He attributed it mainly to
the desire for amusement on the part of people who
could ' not amuse themselves in any rational way.
Incapable of any esthetic or intellectual enjoyment,
the rich idlers rush to extravagance as a means of
amusing themselves. "Gregariousness and glare," he
said, "are the irredeemably vulgar notes of it all. To
seek enjoyment within yourself and your own circle,
in resources of your own, becomes unendurable.
Thus Newport rather than Biltmore becomes the
veneered and shiny national type for those who can
at will command either."
A recent reviewer in describing the cost of the
amusements of the ostentatious. set -says: "Take the
new life of sport and recreation. Twenty millions of
dollars are to-day invested in clubhouses, grounds
and equipments' for the game of golf; two millions
were spent'last year for golf clubs and balls., Eight
millions of dollars' worth of other, sporting goods,
such as are used in tennis, baseball, shooting, etc.,
were bought. More than $50,000,000 is. invested in
pleasure craft, chiefly steam yachts. Twenty-five
OSTENTATIOUS WEALTH
Special information supplied daily J»
business houses and public Pf n *? y r;"-
P^#.ss Clipping Bureau (Allen s) .230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mam lin-
Townser.d's California srlace fruits ani
candle*. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for fcas e.n
iriends. 715 Market st.. above Call b.is
There is good reason to believe that the revolu
tionary junta which is operating to the annoyance of
Uncle Sam in the Philippines has one of its head
quarters in Madrid and is receiving assistance from
the Spanish Government. Our good friend Spain
should not concern herself. We took a white ele
phant off her hands, and nothing she can do can
make the condition of our affairs in the Philippines
worse than it is.
The State Board" of \u25a0' Fish Commission
ers has 19.000,000 salmon eggs at the Sis
sons hatcheries. This is said to be the
largest number of fish eggs ever under
one roof. Justice of the Peace Thnrp at
San Dieeo fined D. \V. Gardner W0 and
D. D. Rowell $25 yesterday for violations
of the quail law. S. Pancost was arrested
at Sacramento yesterday for shipping un
dersized striped bass to fish dealers in
this city. • :-**::-;>•
Fish Commission Ia Active.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination at San
Francisco on October 21 for the' posi
tion of assistant melter and refiner in the
Melter and Refiner's Department, United
States Mint, San Francisco, at $4 per
diem. Age limit, 20 years or over. Per
sons who desire to compete should apply
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission, "Washington, D. C. , or to the
secretary Consolidated Board of Civil
Service Examiners, 201 Jackson street,
San Francisco, for Application Form 1312.
which should be properly executed and
filed with the commission at "Washing
ton. Persons unable to file their formal
applications and who notify the commis
sion of this fact will be examined, sub
ject to the subsequent filing of their ap
plications in complete form, provided
their requests are received at the com
mission In sufficient time to ship exam
ination papers.
Melter and Refiner Wanted.
Charlts Tingley, a sailor on the Boston,
appeared in Police Judge Fritz's court
yesterday on a charge of battery. He was
accused of striking Lillie Smith, 8 Stock
ton street, on September 6. Tingley was
defended by Lieutenant Thomas L. Stltt
of the Boston, who is also an attorney.
Tingley was fined $30. The money was
promptly paid into court by Lieutenant
Stitt.
Naval Officer Acts as Attorney.
In the' matter of the petition of the
Crescent City Transportation Company
for a limitation of liability for the wrecH
of the steamer Crescent City at Fish
Rock on January 30, 1003. United States
Commissioner George E. Morse filed his
report yesterday, appraising the value of
the wreck at $S30, and of the freight
pending at |T«ft
Raoul Guillon, owner of the French
bark Anjou. filed a libel In the Unitei!
States District Court yesterday against
1,200 tons of coal, being part of the cargo
of the bark, as security for $3,407.40 dam
ages claimed for demurrage. The char
terers were Balfour, Williamson & Co. of
Liverpool and London. ••
Admiralty Libels and Limitation.
Each train In the Overland Limited daily
service between San Francisco and Chicago is
provided with a separate and complete electri
cal plant. Each berth, compartment and draw
ir?-room has its own reading lamp. Each table
In the dining-car Is adorned by a dainty lamp
that sheds a !>oft glow of light. The Book
lovers' Library of Philadelphia pi -Ides the
latest book.«, which, with the current maga
zines, help to pass the evening hours delight
fully on a train where one can read at ease
with n steady, brilliant ll*ht. Electric fan*
are u*cd to cool the air. Electric heaters are
provided for the ladles' curling Irons. Electric
buttons bring quick service, and a telephone In
the observation parlor connects the passenger
With the o'.:t»lde world while the train is at
terminals. The Overland Limited leaves San
Franrt.sco daily at 10 a. m.. reaching Chicago
in less than three days. For tickets, sleeping
car reservations and full Information apply
t-» R. R. Ritchie, general agent PaciHc Coaf>t
Chicago and Northwestern Railway, 017 Mar
ket street, San Francisco Cal. •
The NeT Overland Limited Via Chi
cago and Northwestern Railway.
Another new phase In the Eppiacer &
Co. bankrupt case developed yestPrrtay
when a complaint was filed in the United
States District Court by Henry TVads
worth as trustee of Epplnger & Co., bank
rupts, against the American National
Bank. The complaint alleges that on
June 3 of this year, seven days before
the firm filed their petition in bankruptcy,
Eppinger & Co., being at that time in
solvent, transferred to the defendant
promissory notes of the value of $5S2) :T>.
with the intention of giving the bank
an undue advantage as a preferred crea
tor. The complainant asks for a judg
ment In his favor for that sum. together
with interest at 7 per cent from June 3
and costs.
Trustee Henry Wadsworth Sues to
Recover Large Sum From .
American National Bank.
NEW PHASE IN" THE
EPPINGER INSOLVENCY
Those who will take part are Barney's
Military Orchestra, A. Hoffman, Oscar
Kunach, Miss Alena Johnson, Herman
Genns i Miss. Theresa Ehrman, Miss
Gladys Beringer, Joseph Berlnger, Wal
dermar Lind, Miss Helen Colburn Heath,
Miss Decker Kox and Mrs. Arthur Lewis.
Many citizens of German birth will be
present at the concert and It will be given
under the patronage of many prominent
persons.
The programme to be given to-morrow
evening will consist of orchestral and vo
cal selections of Wagner's compositions
and addresses on the life of the maestro.
Mme. Mueller was appointed a member
of the honorary committee which will
have charge of the dedication of the mon
ument to the German composer, but her
age prevents her from undertaking the
journey to Europe, bo she decided to cele
brate the event by a concert in San Fran
cisco.
In honor of the unveiling in Berlin, Ger
many, to-morrow of the monument to
Richard Wagner, the famous composer,
a grand Wagner concert will be given to
morrow evening at Lyric Hall. 119 Eddy
street, under the direction of Mme. Fabbrl
Mueller.
Unveiling of Monument in Berlin to
Be Celebrated in This
City.
CONCERT TO BE GIVEN
IN HONOR OF WAGNER
The irade against fusion issued by the grand Turk
of the city Democracy shoots above the lowly
wretches who want small offices and are content with
crumbs. McNab loses no tricks and has an excellent
memory. In that respect he is the Democratic
Mazeppa, and in that only, for he is as proper a
man as ever bossed a party and put up epigrams of
equal pungency whether suggested by victory or de
feat Mr. William Randolph Hearst has long dis
approved of Mr. McXab, and has even gone to the
extreme of putting him upon his blacklist, along
with Denman, Sam Brooks, Phelan and others, for
that list is formidable and was for years headed by
the name of Stephen M. White, who dared be elected
to the United States Senate without the consent of
Mr. William Randolph Hearst.
McNab has not wasted away and become anaemic
under the strain, but has remained sufficiently robust
to know the time to strike back. That time came
with the present convention. Mr. William Randolph
Hearst has been busy creating a labor party in order
to have something with which Democracy can fuse,
with him as the representative of both. He concludes
that fusion on every local candidate is the best way
to begin, and desired that this city, upon which he
conferred the inexpressible honor of selecting it for
his birthplace, should lead off. The wily McNab saw
the longings of ambition in Mr. William Randolph
Hearst running ap and down like mercury in the
stem of a thermometer and smote them with a clay
more by compelling the party to canonize against
fusion and compelling straight nominations. His
Bannockburn would not have been complete if Wil
liam Randolph Hearst had not winced and yowled
under the blow. But this was not lacking, for Wil
liam Randolph Hearst in an inspired editorial ran up
and down the gamut of regret and disappointment,
jawed the local party for not being the willing instru
ment of his ambition, and reminded it fretfully but
firmly that it and the labor party look alike to him
and he does not approve of Democrats to whom they
appear different.
Then McNab rejoiced, for he had pushed a bod
kin through the armor of the Presidential candidate
and the whole town had seen the victim wince and
heard him cry. But it is safe to say that the anti
fusion plank will stand, and if candidates want to
stand on the Democratic ticket they must step off the
labor ticket McNab's tartan is straight goods, and
the advocates of cocktail politics will have to quit
mixed drink and come to plain grog.
THE burdens laid upon the deeply distressed
Democracy of this city have been augmented
by , incurring the displeasure of Mr. William
Randolph Hearst, candidate for President and phil
osopher of fiddie-strings.
The Democratic convention resolved against fusion
and against permitting any of its nominees to accept
nomination from any other party. This policy was
dictated by sore and frequent experience. The party
under Mr. William Randolph Hearst's dictation has
fused with any old thing that came along. In 1896
it fused with the Populist?, and again did the same
in 1900. In State politics it has fused with every
thing but the Prohibitionists, and would have done
that if cloves had been passed pending the negotia
tion. Out of every fusion it has come with less
votes than it would have probably polled alone, and
in such barren results of that policy it has acquired
a prejudice against mixing.
But while the fusion habit is rejected as a party
there be individuals in the party who have it yet,
and so several candidates took pains and trouble to
provide themselves with the labor party nomina
tion in advance and then report for indorsement to
the assembled and warring regulars and horses and
carts, in convention met to point with pride, view
with alarm and reach for things. There they found
a cold-hearted determination to denounce the Mayor,
as head of the labor party, and to pick such flaws and
bore such holes in his administration as to make it
look like a colander. Having done this it is dis
tinctly out of order to permit fusion with the Mayor's
party, and the '"sooner" candidates -.vho had secured
its nomination find themselves compelled to elect
and choose between the two. Thereupon they are
sore smitten and mourn. \
The California State Board of Trade at
a meeting yesterday, by the consent of
the majority of Its members, amended
Its by-laws so as to eliminate the clause
making one member of the Chamber of
Commerce, Merchants' Association, Board
of Trade, Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, Merchants' Exchange. Sou
thern Pacific Company and the Santa Fe
Company, members of the organization.
The purpose of the change is to permit
the Promotion Committee and the State
Board of Tarde to work as separate or
ganizations but in harmony.
Secretary Briggs of the Board of Trade
recently inaugurated a system of making
weekly reports of the number of visitors
who register at the board rooms. His
first report for the week ending Septem
ber 2G shows a total registration of 403
visitors, which is estimated ' to represent
one out of every five who call at the
rooms, and In this number there were
represented .34 States and six foreign
countries.
State Organization Separates Itself
From Several Local Commercial
Bodies.
NO LONGEB MEMBERS
OF B0ABD OF TRADE
A FUSION CANDIDATE.
It is to be noted in this connection that our alleged
willingness to make cheap goods to meet a demand
for them is not looked upon by Mr. Fraser as a de
fect in our business methods, but rather as an evi
dence of the flexibility of our system and of the
adaptability of our people to the conditions of trade
in any particular market. Thus in speaking of our
trade in the East he says: "The American recognizes
that the purchaser is the person who decides, and if
people of the East want gaudy, good-looking mate
rial, though shoddy, he will make it for them. He
knows it is not good. He does not — outside his ad
vertising range— pretend it is. It is, however, what
is wanted, and he is the man to produce what ii
wanted." .
4 It is in the opportunity given to youth, however,
that Mr. Fraser sees the chief advantage of American
business methods. On ,that score' he says: "In
England responsible positions arc given to elderly
men. It is considered that they are safe, they are
sound, they will be inclined to do nothing rash. That
is true enough. The American, however, does not
want that kind of man. He wants a man with
youthful vigor, with ideas, a man who has his way to
make, not one who is content to glide from middle
age' to an elderly age by just keeping things going
in a respectable, decorous way. So young men in
America are placed at the heads of departments.
They make mistakes. The employer, however, is
wise enough to see the young man can do something
else besides make mistakes. He forgets the occa
sional slips in recognizing merits in other directions.
A young man, therefore, feels confidence is placed in
him, and he never relaxes energy in his ardor to pro
duce something better, more attractive, something
that will lift him up and make him worth a huge sal
ary."
To these mental and moral forces rather than 'to
any advantage of sun or soil, or abundance of raw
material, Mr. Foster attributes the marvelous strides
we have made in our commercial invasion of the
markets of Europe. There can-be no question of the
soundness of his conclusion. In the hands of an unen
terprising people all our resources would have re
mained undeveloped and unexploited. It is the per
sonal factor that counts for most in the development
of any kind of civilization, and. if the American excels
the European in the industrial competition of the
age it is because he is the better business man.
JOHN FOSTER FRASER is one of those for
eigners who after a careful study of American
growth and development have come to the con
clusion that our success is due not solely to the rich
ness and* variety of our natural resources, but mainly
to the excellence of our business methods and the
daring, the energy with which our enterprises are con
ceived and carried out. He has recently published a
summary of his studies of American work and set
forth the respects in which he deems us to be su
perior to all rivals. The estimate is not wholly
complimentary and consequently may be taken as a
sincere effort to gauge our place in the business
world. It is therefore an interesting chapter of Euro
pean criticism upon us and helps us to understand the
impression we are making upon the world.
The American, says Mr. Fraser, is more optimistic
than the Englishman; he succeeds largely because he
has an abiding confidence that he cannot do other
wise than succeed. The failure of this or that man in
business in Europe makes other men cautious and
hesitating, but in America when a number of men in
any line fail their rivals, instead of being alarmed by
the failures, look upon them as events which have
removed competitors from the field and grow more
confident than ever. Again the American is a better
advertiser than the Briton; he has more adaptability
and more readily meets the demands of trade in all
parts of the world; he is more watchful of the public,
more prompt to supply what the public desires; more
over he pays better wages and salaries than are paid
by European business men, and finally he is younger
and more enterprising than his European rivals.
The points in which Mr. Fraser deem us inferior
to the British are, first, a willingness to furnish cheap
articles instead of good ones and, second, a tendency
to seek quantity of product rather than quality. To
those characteristics he attributes much of the suc
cess we have attained in competition with British
manufacturers. Thus he says: "Recently I traveled
by the Trans-Siberian line across Asia. Most of the
rails were American. They were not of good quality.
Indeed they were poor stuff. English firms had been
given an opportunity to provide rails for this line, but
they could not produce the article they usually manu
factured at the price the Russian Government was
willing to pay. So England lost millions of pounds.
Neither could American firms produce a good article
for the price. But they could produce an article of a
sort, money's worth, and if it was a poor article that
was not their lookout." '
WHY WE SUCCEED.
A society of professional incendiaries, who style
themselves "The Firebugs' Protective Association,"
has been uncovered in Chicago, and the police are
alert for developments which may involve prominent
business men in serious trouble. The name of this
body of dangerous operators may be new, but the
character of the society is known to every fire mar
shal in every American city. Damage by fire is un
fortunately an asset in some business firms.
Gold, copper, lead and other minerals
will be displayed as representative of all
counties where such products are found.
In fact all mineral industries will be
made known as far as possible. Collectors
are in' the field and are in constant com
munication with the State Mineralogist.
The exhibition of minerals from Cali
fornia to be made at St. Louis — to be
apart from the collective display of other
products of this State— being placed in
the mines and mining building, will be
made conspicuous from afar, off by a
novel feature. This will be an arch, de
vi&ed by State Mineralogist Aubury,
which will be made of the representa
tive building stones of the State. Above
glittering specimens flecked with gold,
this composite architectural feature will
tower upward twenty-five feet. At first
it was intended to have two composite
arches, but the cost and the smallness
of the appropriation for all purposes
made It 'seem- advisable to have but one.
Local architects are engaged in prepar
ing various ornamental features and a
drawing will be submitted in a few days,
showing the arch as It will be.
State Mineralogist Aubury has returned
from a tour of the southern counties,
during which he arranged for collections
of minerals for St. Louis. Two months
will pass before the specimens from all
parts of the State will be in hand.
Enough is now known to warrant the ex
pectation that California's mineral rep
resentation will be excellent. The lead
ing idea pursued by Mr. Aubury is that
varied resources, and especially those for
which this State has had little credit
abroad, shall be put where they will ad r
vertise California to the best advantage.
In securing gold specimens, the plan. has
been pursued of purchasing them out
right at their actual gold value, so that
the State will have value for its money.
Great cubes will be prepared to illustrate
the gold output of California since 1S48.
Among the newer products of the State
will be shown borax, soda and niter and
turquoise specimens from San Bernardino
county, marbles and other structural ma
terials, including cement, from San Ber
nardino county; lipedolite, which Is found
in large quantities In San Diego county,
and tourmalines and other gems from
the same county: clays, terra cotta press,
ed bricks and structural materials gener
ally from Los Angeles county; petroleum
from Santa Barbara, Ventura, Los An
geles, Kerc, Fresno and other counties,
and borax from Inyo county. The oil
exhibit will be accompanied by oil sands,
illustrations of the geological formations
in whicli petroleum is discovered and
complete analyses of oils from hundreds
Of oil wells.
The hotel committee of the local bank
ers has registered 1400 persons who are
sure to attend the national convention
of the American Bankers' Association in
this 'city In October and who have ap
plied for hotel accommodations during
their stay in San Francisco. From this
It is safely inferred, considering that the
convention is some weeks distant, that
the attendance the first day of the ses
sion of the convention in the California
Theater will number 2000. '
As the time approaches for the gath
ering of American bankers in San i ran
clsco much activity Is manifested locally
A meeting of some one or another of
the sub-committees is of daily occurrence.
The various sub-committees all have one
secretary, Mr. Colburn, who acts as sec
retary for the executive committee, com
posed of the chairmen of all the sub
committees. . • - „ , , *
At the time the American Bankers As
sociation ia here the annual meeting or
the California Bankers* Association will
be held, so that the array of financial
magnates will embrace a liberal sprmx
ling of bankers from all the counties of
California as well as from abroad. The
programme for the convention of the
American Bankers' Association, as finally
approved does not vary much from the
original blan. In addition to the Cali
fornia Theater three rooms at the Palace
Hotel have been engaged ror the accom
modation of the bankers.
These rooms will be used as general
headquarters for the visitors. The rooms
will be handsomely decorated under the
direction of the decoration committee.
The first proceedings of formal nature
will take place on October 20, when the
trust company section will meet in the
California Theater and the savings banK
section will assemble in the hall of the
Academy of Sciences building. The first
session of the American Bankers' Asso
ciation will be held on October 21 at the
California Theater and there will be a
forenoon session each day until Friday.
October 23, inclusive of the last date.
The addresses of welcome will be by
Mayor Sehmitz. Governor Pardee and ex-
Mayor Phelan. Right Rev. Bishop Nich
ols Rev. George C. Adams and Rev. Brad
ford I^eavltt will upon the several day*
of the Besslon Invoke blessings upon the
bankers.
As the sun sinks in the west thia even
ins devout Hebrews will begin a twenty
lour hours' fast and spend most of the
time in prayer. "Yom Klppur," or the
Day of Atonement as it is called, starts
at sundown and ends on Thursday even
ing at 6 o'clock. Thi3 is the- most im
portant event in the Jewish calendar and
is religiously kept by all who profess
that religion. Stores will be closed and
the synagogues will be crowded with wor
shipers." '
According to the Hebrew calendar, the
holiday falls on the 10th day ot -Tlsh
ree " This evening the services ir. the
synagogues will be extremely solemn.
Sermons will be preached by the rabbis
on themes that befit the occasion. Spe
cial prayers will be recited and the music
which is a part of the service will be
rendered by augmented choirs. Thf tex<
vice of "kol Nidre" beKlns the observ
ance of the atonement day.
This da; r is observed by the jews who
are desirous of making their peace with
God and to become reconciled with men.
It is also a day set aside for self-exami
nation. Confessions are made to Go<i ar.d
the worshiper prays for forgiveness f r
whatever sins he may have committed
during the past year. It is an occas!.,;i
for reconciliation with all people as WtO.
The Jew knows he cannot secure for
giveness from God unless he has mad*
amends for whatever wrongs he rr.^y
have committed.
The rabbis and cantors dress in white
and the congregation remains in the ten
pie all day until the services ar e endcl.
On Thursday there will be four services.
The mornimr service is called "Shacha
ris," which is followed by "Musaph." or
additional service. In the afternoon th»
service ia called "Mlncha," and the clos
ing service of the day is "Neela." Prob
ably the most important and most im
pressive service of all is near the cIom
of this important holiday. The congr*
gation, led by the cantor, recites thi
prayers which a Jew is supposed to say
before he dies. This is don© in order
that if a Jew should becoma unconscious
before death he shall have made hU
peace with God. This is followed by the
"Schmah." or confession, in the belief in
the unity of God. Then the congregation
repeats three times the phrase, "Blessffi
be his name forever and ever." The
words "The Lord, he is God." are then
repeated three times, which ic the
phrase used by the Israelites on Mount
Carmel when Elijah reformed the Jews
to worshio God Instead of Baal.
Rabbi Isidore Myers of Congregation
Ohabai Shalome -will deliver a sermon
this evening: on the "Vital Questions of
the Day." and to-morrow at noon he will
speak on the subject of "Reformation."
The services at the Temple Emanu-El
this evening will be very impressive.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsaneer will preach a
special sermon and the choir, augmented
by an orchestra, will render special music.
In addition to the superior personal qualifica
tions which Mr. Crocker has when compared with
his opponents, there is another advantage on his
side which should not be overlooked by any voter
who has a sincere regard for the welfare of the
city. Mr. Crocker is backed by a well-ordered and
harmonious party. There are no factions contend
ing around him for control of the offices or for
participation in what they look upon as the spoils
of office. He was nominated by a convention that
was genuinely representative of the rank and file
of the Republican party, and he stands therefore
as the representative of the party as a whole,
pledged to nothing beyond the welfare of the city
as expressed in the Republican platform. No boss
had anything to do with nominating him. He was
the choice of no faction. He was opposed by no
faction. He enters the campaign free and un
trammeled, and he will enter office with an equal
freedom.
Contrast that showing of the forces back of Mr.
Crocker with those that are not only back of the
opposing candidates but are in front of them and
on all sides of them at the same time, and it will
be seen that the political advantages possessed by
Mr. Crocker are pf themselves sufficient to win for
him the support of independent voters. He will
never be called upon to distribute loaves and fishes
for the feeding of hungry factions. He will- be
able to give the city a strictly business adminis
tration, and can be counted on to do so. He is
therefore entitled to the votes of independents as
well as to those of his own party. In fact, the
vote on the bond proposals gives reason for be
lieving he will receive many votes from men who
in the last municipal election voted for the Demo
cratic ticket or for the labor ticket. The demand
is for a business administration, and that being
so Henry J. Crocker is clearly the man whom the
civic patriotism and common sense of his fellow
citizens will call to direct the municipal adminis
tration for the ensuing term.
Mr. Crocker has had the training which tends di
rectly to fit a man for fulfilling the functions
of the Mayor of a city like San Francisco.
He has been the directing head of business en
terprises of large extent and has been uniformly
successful in his management of them. He un
derstands finance and administrative work thor
oughly. He has been doing that kind of work
with conspicuous success for many years. He will
carry to the office a judgment ripened by the actual
performance of work not essentially dissimilar to that
which the Mayoralty will entail, and consequently
from the very start he will be ready to perform with
sagacity and promptness every duty that arises,
whether in the ordinary routine of the office or from
some question of the bond issues. :
Without any disparagement to the personal and
political merits of the two candidates in opposition, it
can be said that neither of them is known as a man of
business. Neither has ever shown any capacity as a
financier or as an executive officer. Neither has had
experience in the practical management of a large
business of any kind. Neither of them, therefore, is
in any way equipped for the efficient performance of
the work which in addition to the ordinary duties of
a Mayor is to be imposed upon the chief executive of
the incoming administration.
BY the vote upon the various bond proposals, it
is made evident that the people of San Fran
cisco demand at this time a progressive ad
ministration with a good business man in the office
of Mayor. To vote for a large bonded debt for the
purpose of obtaining money for public works without
accompanying the vote with a resolve to elect none
but thoroughly competent men to office, and above
all to elect an experienced and efficient man of affairs
to manage and direct the business of the city, would
be a folly of which the voters of San Francisco are
hardly to be suspected. We take it, therefore, that
the vote on the bond issues signifies a movement
which to a large extent will override party lines and
will carry a big majority of the voters to the side of
Mr. Crocker and his colleagues on the Republican
ticket.
COMPOSITE ARCH
OVER RICH ORES
AT EXPOSITION
BANKERS WILL
COME TO CITY
BY THOUSANDS
FASTING WILL
MARK THE DAY
OF ATONEMENT
steam yachts could be named aggregating a value of
$10,000,000. A thousand dollars a day is not an.ex
cessive figure for the maintenance of the average
floating palace. It is easier to rent a high class steam
yacht than it is to find a tenant for a costly summer
estate. In New York city alone are owned automo
biles worth $20,000,000."
One report says that a New York man "prominent
in financial and social life stated the other day that
it cost him $5000 a day to live aside from his yacht
and all extraordinary expenses." That is perhaps an
exaggeration, but the very telling of the story shows
to what extent extravagance has been carried in the
metropolis as well as in the "smart set" universities.
If the denunciations of men like President Hadley and
Whitelaw Reid have no effect upon the swaggerers
they might ponder with profit. the saying of Collis
Huntington that the American people would never
quarrel with a rich man so long as he did not paint
himself green and climb a pole. . .
THE DUTY AND THE MAN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
6
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
Ne-wbro's Herpicide Destroys Dan-
druff Germs and Prevents Baldness.
Quinine and rum and a whole lot of oth-
er things are pleasant to rub on the scalp
after washing It free of dandruff, but not
one preparation of the general run cures
dandruff and falling- hair. It Is necessary
to kill that germ to be permanently cured
of dandruff and to stop falling hair. New-
bro's Herpicide will positively destroy
that germ, so that there can be no more
dandruff, and so that the hair, will grow
luxuriantly. "Destroy # the cause, and you
remove the effect." Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c In stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co... Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and' Children.
Tiis Kind You Have Always Bought
- Bears the jSlfi V/&/? M st "
ITfie Gadden Girl.
Have you seen the Gadden Girl? Do you know anythine about her?
If you are a woman don't say that you never heard of her. for iust zt
the present time she is one of the most original creators of fashions in
Uncle Sam's realm. She is the originator of the iridescent pearl for hair
ornaments and she wears them in quantity that is nothing short of amaz-
ing. And what think vou of the musical jewels? That is another ot the
Gadden Girl's fads. Tewels set to dulcet harmonies — a fad in itself suf-
ficient to make a belle of any girl even less remarkable than the Gadden
Girl. While as for color schemesin dress^ — However, pictures tell more
\u25a0 than words ever can. in the descriptions of feminine raiment at anv rate.
therefore the front oaee of the next Sunday Call will be more eloquent
than reams on reams of writincr.to the women readers. If vou want to
see novelty in coiffure, novelty in jewelry, you won't miss the Gadden
I Girl. * ;
I Nor will xou miss "The Woman of the World." by Colonel Kate.
I which is an article conceived and written by this clever writer in this
I clever writer's very best style. Moreover, it contains things that every
pi woman and not a few men want to know.- Of course you arc still won-
M dering whether Colonel Kate is a man or a woman? That is a tanta-
§1 lizinjj mystery that adds immeasurably to the charm of these exclusive
H articles.
ra And while on the subiect of bright, snappy articles that vou will be
H sure to read in the next Sunday Call the "Me-ows of a Kittv" should not
H be omitted. These soicv savincrs are being quoted everywhere, and of
ffS course you've seen the cats. Everybody, by the way. is talkine about
M those cats .and next Sunday's Call contains a perfect love of a kittv. J
H But better than all else for those who want to read the literature that
g is most popular to-dav and which will go far toward making up the cias-
M sics of the future, there is no limit to the good thines. ?
H First there is a shorj storv masterpiece by Jack London, the most
II l m^ US . W £ ter of the lure of the A rct5c in the whole world. It is "Where
Ii the Trail Forks." and it is thrilling from the very first to the very last
|| worn.
11 uti. N v' there is the fascinatine two-page story by Frank II. Soearman.
M The N«eht Watchman's Storv." If you have read any of this exclusive
hi scr . te s of. Spearman's railroad stories you certainly won't mis3 this. In
M point of fact when you see the pictures that illustrate it you won't be able
H to resist reading it anvwav. :
I3 Then .thert are two full oaees ,'of "Half-hour Storiettes." the latest
a craze in literature. In other words that means eicht more of the best
H short stones that are beintr written to-day. These alone would cost voa
Ej anywhere else more than the price cf the entire Sunday Call.
Q ;^ n( » this does not include the third installment of the latest book bv
£| the famous author of "Chimmie Fadden." It is "Lees and Leaven."
Sj which has brought E. W. Townsend to the fore as nothme before had
&J done.
a And then there ?re the "Recollections and Reflections" of the Bonanza
M t-' np t! w )r. o . 0ut 3 pirdle of eoM around the world, written bv Thoma3
RJ . "' 5 series alone would cost you $1.50 anywhere else.
gj r> n iti tnere are—^butwhv enumerate everythinst in the next Sun-
|J day Call? If you want the verv best that is going in the literary and
II magazine way .you won't need more than the above brief outline. And
H you won't miss the Gadden Girl in any event
g____ ~j___ \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0 _^ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 29.— M. Kotehov,
the publicist, has been appointed financial
agent at the Russian embassy In Washington.
LONDON, Sept. 29.— The birthplace of
Charles Dickens, 387 Commercial road,
Landport, near the Portsmouth dockyard,
where his father was a clerk, in which
the author spent the earlier part of his
life, was sold at auction at Portsmouth
to-night and bought in for $5525 by the
Mayor, representing the city of Ports
mouth. There was a large attendance at
the sale, which was followed by speeches
congratulating' the municipality of Ports
mouth on Its action, to which the Mayor
responded. It was announced that a
Dickens museum would probably be es
tablished in the house.
Dickens' Birthplace Sold at Auction.
LONDON, Sept. 2D. — Advice3 received from
Kabul. Afghanistan, under date of August 31,
say the cholera epidemic is abating. Several
prominent persons were victims of the disease.
BERL.IX. Sept. 23. — The Frankfort Zelttrag
says Ephrlam Kap, proprietor of a bank, has
fled, after having embezzled' $12,000. He i»
said to be on bis way to America.
EERLIX, Sept. 23.— Prince Henry of
Prussia is personally superintending tha
experiments with the submarine boat
built at the Germania Kiel. Much
secrecy is maintained concerning the new
vessel, and the only fact definitely known
is that the observation tower is larga
enough to hold two men and that the
tests are being made during storms and
darkness.
Kaiser Has New Submarine Boat.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 29.— In conse
quence of the recent antl- Jewish 'rioting, the
Government has proclaimed martial law at
Gomel.' ' - - -
MANILA, Sept. 29.— The Interna
tional Chamber of Commerce' has just
protested .against the action of the Col
lector of Customs in furnishing sample
Invoices of : ; shipments \u25a0: made to the St.
Louis Exposition, ' and threatens to ask
the "foreign consuls to Intervene. The
members say that these Invoices should
be treated as private documents.
May Ask Consuls to Intervene.
Lord Milner's reluctance to accept of
fice .is * attributed, j among other reasons,
to c hesitancy to commit himself as a par
ty toan. He began his career as a Lib
eral "contributor to the Pall Mall Gazette
under W. T. Stead and John Morley. It
is Isaid that he desires to hold himself
aloof from party politics. V* \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;
Another point made by the Liberal pa
pers is the abaence of a responsible Chan
cellor . of the - Exchequer at the moment
that the country, is experiencing a serious
financial crisis, needing the presence of a
strong finance Minister. The alarming de-
LONDON, Sept. 30.— A prolongation of
the Ministerial crisis seems likely, judg
ing from newspaper comment, to still fur
ther discredit the Government. It has
been taken for granted that Premier Bal
four would complete the reconstruction
of the Cabinet before going to Sheffield to
deliver his long-expected speech explain
ing his fiscal policy, which is due on Oc
tober 1. It is now seen that this 1b Im
possible and the apparent waiting for
Lord Mllner's decision Is commented on in
Conservative as well as Liberal papers as
emphasizing '_ the dearth of first-class
statesmen in the Conservative ranks. A
large section , of the Unionist party Is
restless under' the report that ,Balfour is
supporting Brodrick in the latter's deter
mination to remain at the War Office.
The Second Grenadiers Is the regiment
in which occurred the case of the four
privates who were recently sentenced, one
of them to ten years' imprisonment and
the others from six to three years* impris
onment, for assaulting a sergeant named
Peters, which severity was contrasted by
the Socialist Vorwaerts with the light
sentence (two years' incarceration in a
fortress) imposed on Naval Ensign Huess
ner for killing his friend, an artillery
man for not saluting him properly. The
army authorities hold the Socialist suc
cesses at the recent elections to be par
tially responsible for the discontent among
the soldiers, who gathered at Heidelberg
after the announcement of the verdict In
the Peters case and uttered threats
against their officers.
The Vorwaerts, which almost every day
attacks the behavior of officers and non
commissioned officers, to-day cites 159 ver
dicts in cases of brutality for which non
commissioned officers were punished with
an aggregate of fifty years and nine
months' imprisonment and eighty verdidts
BERLIN, Sept. 29.-A crowd of private
soldiers belonging to the Becond (Baden)
Grenadier Regiment threw stones at their
officers recently, while riding at Relcherts
hausen. Fifteen of the soldiers were ar
rested and have been taken to Heidelberg
for trial.
MANILA, Sept) 29.— Judge Sweeny,
in sentencing Domlnador Gomez, recited
the -fact that out of some $40,000 collected
by the Union Obrero, only $14,000 had
been accounted for by Gomez. In addi
tion to this he had sold stock in the
concern, knowing very well that the union
was insolvent. The real object of the
conspirators, he said, was the overthrow
of the Government and to assist the la
drones in their raids in the northern prov
inces. The Filipino assessors, in dissent
ing to the action of the court, maintained
that a faulty j translation of the Incrim
inating evidence had led to an unjust
conclusion of facts.
Assert That Gomez's Conviction "Was
Due to Faulty Translation of
Important Evidence.
FILIPINO ASSESSOBS SAY
TRIAL JUDGE WAS MISLED
Throw Stones at Them
While They Are Out
Riding.
Delay in Pilling Cabinet
Further Discredits
Government.
GEHNUI SOLDIERS
ATTACK OFFICERS
TROUBLES BESET
A PREMIER BALFOUR
cllne In consols and other gilt-edged
stocks Is attributed largely to the enor
mous accumulation of the national debt
as the outcome of the §0Uth African war
and the settlement in South Africa.
The Daily News ridicules the idea of
placing a practically untried man, such, as
Austen Chamberlain, in the position of
Chancellor of the exchequer at a grave
crisis when Great Britain is threatened
with a serious loss of credit and a possi
ble shock to the whole banking system.
WILMINGTON, Del.. Sept. 29.— The
Grand Jury to-day announced that it
had decided to ignore the bill against
those charged with being concerned with
the burning at the stake of George
TThlte. the negro who murdered Miss
Bishop.
Grand Jury Ignores the Bill.
The Injured: Mrs. Minnie Leas, nurse,
cut and bruised; Mrs. L. C. Godson,
housekeeper, bruised; Mrs. Sarah Ryan,
patient, Leavenworth, Kans., bruised;
Hannah Stolle, servant, bruised and prob
ably hurt internally. Dr. B. B. Ralph,
cut and burned about face and hands in
trying to rescue inmates. o
The flames spread so rapidly that the
patients were "unable to escape by the
stairs and were forced o jump from a
eeeond-story window. Cary was suffo
cated In his room, where his charred re
mains \u25a0 were found when the fire was ex
tinguished, • • v
G. C. Cary of Wichita.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 23.— One per
eon was burnod to death and five were
Injured in a fire that destroyed tho pri
vate sanitarium of Dr. B. B. Ralph,
a. two-story frame building In the
eouthern part of the city, to-day. The
dead:
Patient Is Burned to Death and
Several Attendants Are Badly
Injured.
PBXVAlT; • S ANITAIirrrM
IS DESTROYED BY FERE
ET. PAITL, Minn., Sept. 2%«=-The
Despatch to-cSay^says: It has just trans
pired, that on Thursday list Charles S.
.Meyen. president fit the Northern Pa
cific, tendered to the directors of that
road his resignation as president and It
was a'ceepted. It is now announced that
on. 'October 2< he will be the unanimous
choice. of tne c directors of the New York
&.. New Havefi for the presidency of that
co.inpany and onothe earn* day he will as
eume the duties of his new position.
Regardiryg; who will be the next presi
dent of the Northern Pacific, the rail
road -world is at sea. F. D. Underwood of
the " Erie, and W. H. TruesdaJe of the
Delaware, Lackawanna & Western, have
been most rsnerally connected by gossip
v.ith the ofik-a but both have emphatic
ally entered denials. General Counsel C.
W. Dunn, as being high in the confidence
of Hill, has always been regarded as his
possible choice, but there is to-day a feel
ing that the coming president of the Nor
thern Pacific has not yet been mentioned
In public, though possibly selected by the
ruling heads. Hill 1? expected to arrive
In New York shortly and his presence
may be In connection with .these events.
Will Accept Similar Position With
• the New York and New
C - Haven Road.
PRESIDENT OF NORTHERN
• ' • PACIFIC RESIGNS OFFICE
Haimis Taylor, former United States
Minister to Spain, (of counsel for the
Vr.ited States), followed Robinson. Deal
ing with the International law phase of
the dispute and discussing the Hudson
Bay Con-.pa?.y's relations with the Brit
ish Empire, I5vs .maintained that the com
pany's officials were empowered to rep
resent Great Britain from an Interna
tional point o*f view, and that, Cherefore,
transactions with the Hudson Bay Com
pany must be regarded as having the
weight of that 'relation. Taylor will con
tinue his argument on Wednesday.
LONDON. Sept. 20— When the * Alas
kan Boundary Commission resumed
Us cessions this morning. Christopher
Robinson, K. C, who suffered from se
vere indisposition yesterday, but who had
been benefited by the night's rest, re
sumed his srtech in behalf of the Canad
ian claims, though at the suggestion of
Chief Justice Alvcrstone. counsel remain
ed eeated. Mr. Robinson dealt vigorously
with the fallibility of the maps of the
district under contention, claiming that
the American deductions therefrom were
therefore weak.
Mr. Robinson ridiculed the United
States' contention that It had secured the
' fillejriance of the Alaskan natives and
raid: "With a bottle of whisky and a
blanket you can obxain the allegiance of
eny Indian."
Replying: to Lord Alverstone's Query of
yostrrday afternoon as to whether coun
eel mould prove that the coast mentioned
In Article VII referred exclusively to the
ft rip which Russia was to obtain by the
treaty. Robinson maintained that Article
VII meant reciprocal privileges In the
Lislwe fstrip previously referred to), im
plylr-K Great Britain's jurisdiction over
certain . inland waters and not south of
latitude 54.40 as tiie United States c x»
tends. Counsel argued that Russia ht<l
not the right to grant privileges south 't
latitude 54.40.
Claim-? That Russia Had Not
th« Right to Grant
Privileges.
Canadian Counsel Closes
His Argument in the
Boundary Case.
ROBINSON DEALS
WITH THE MAPS
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st and 'i 52 Market St.*
VALPARAISO, Sept. 29.— The British
steamer Laurel Eranch has been lost off
Stewart Bay. All of her passengers and
crew were saved. .*"'.?.""'-
British Steamer Is Lost.
A ten-pound roast of beef loses only one
and one-half pounds if cooked by gas and
two and one-half if cooked in the old
fashioned way. Try a gas range from San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company. • '
LONDON, Sept. 29.— At a meeting: of the
Aldermen in the Guildhall to-day Alder
man Sir James Thomson Ritchie, brother
of the late Chancellor of the Exchequer,
was elected Lord Mayor of London for
the ensuing: year in succession to Sir
Marcus Samuel.
Elected Lord Mayor of London.
Draga Are Convicted.
BELGRADE, Sept." 29.— The trials
of the army officers charged with
conspiracy against the murderers of King
Alexander and Queen Draga were con
cluded to-day. Captains Novakovltch and
Lazarevlch. the former being the ring
leader, were sentenced to two years' im
prisonment and the loss of their commis
sions. Dr. Velikovlch and Captain Lot
kijevitch, the former aid de camp of King
Alexander, each received sentences of a
month's imprisonment. Other officers who
took a less prominent part in the con
spiracy were condemned to ( from three
months to a year in prison. It Is antici
pated that King Peter will pardon the
conspirators. t
Conspirators Against Murderers of
King Alexander and Queen
SERVIAN AEMY OFFICERS
ARE COMMITTED TO PRISON
against officers whose sentences aggre
gated twenty-four years and seven
months' confinement.
THE SAN FBAiNCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
7
ADVEHTISEaiENTS.
indescribable fear, for
aa/r a child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts orer her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at tho
time of their most^critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming ev.ent, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- " """ \u25a0
$1.00 per bottle. Book . ___ _
containing valuable information free. fijT^fcX^ 1$ E3^ i^ff ffiTtxt
The B'Adnefd Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. If hJ~%bM=a BlwSLff
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
for I
SkinTroub/e
I Bathe the affected part with _
Beiskell's Soap, dry witl a soft B
towel, and with the flngfer apply \u25a0
Belskell'a Ointment. One appllca- m
tlon a day. for a short while, usu- If
ally cures — never required moie B
than twice a day — for a complete M
cure of Pimples. Blotches on Face, m
Barber's Itch, Tetter, Erysipelas, E
Salt Rheum. Scald Head. Ring:- B
worm. Itch, Ulcers. Burns. Scalds, B
Ulcer* In Ear. Sore Nose and Eye- H
Slifis, Itching Piles, and any erup- H
tion of the skin. Helskell'i Olnt- m
meat cures where all alteratives. H
Barsaparillas. iodides and mercu- H
I rial medicines fall. It is very 1]
soothing and cooling, maklnfj the B
skin beautifully fair and smooth. M
Rfconnnendcd and ueed by phyelcianii B
for fifty years. At druggists'. 60 cenu. H
6»nd for book of testimonial*. 11
_ j-ossrsTOzr, eoliowat * cow B
fl 531 Commerce St., PWladelphia.^S
IA/. T. HESS.
.Hotary Public and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Rcom 3015, Claus bprecKeU txldj.
Telephone Main 8S3.
XJecldeoM. Kl Callfornl* it., below PovelL
ilt«!U»-nce TeiepbozM James 15CL
| ~ , ' • MIBCEUiANEOTJS. •
m iiiiiiiii null i mm i m [^ m^^i l nTr l vi-'riir,-^jft-fi---'rr""^ g " E XT R A O R D I N A R Y A NNUAL EVEN T 1 " 11 ™^""" 11 *'!!!™^ — —\u25a0————\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0—\u25a0-\u25a0»\u25a0\u25a0"»\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 — mmnTrr
Double Values in Exchange | 'P /\ I 1 '^V^^^lf JF^ I^J * aa "?i Everything Brand New for
I-^feggg^—g;^^ J5!» 0R THE SIXTH TIME, year after year, we have closed a more successful business than the preceding |
W< y^ 1 ** Day. by day wc have been gaining in public opinion, acquiring a popularity that no Furniture and I
a %^kM^^^^^^^^^^S We strive to maintain this confidence by supplying the BEST GOODS AT THE LOWEST PRICES. J
a ai t \ &^^^^^^¥s^^^^^^^^0^^^^^^^^^^^{M ' lj. Our strictly cash system gives us this immense advantage over the downtown installment houses, |
I l "^«&^> '^lJ^&^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m%^^^ our P a trons in turn get this, great benefit For many weeKs we have been preparing for (his annual I
cvent » anticipating areat business. We bought in large quantities, getting the lowest prices ever; aiven any |
I r??^^^^^^^^^fefP%PSfiP|^1085^^Sv^> '^%3^^^W^k&p house on tne coast ' and ovr buver^P ut lncir wnoIc hca rt into the selection of styles and quality. , |
Q THP nil\JIMfi=lD>nnJVl thiswill positively be>\veek of I
i I nti. Ulnil>iJ=KUUiVI wonderful bargains at pattosien's t I
I JiX"^| % \ "flf ""'lijli; :^C^S2 Sj?^ C^^^/5 x~* 1^ I 1 JJ^S^dl^^'F^M \.' j4Bf "^^J*$&r^ A £v${£k\ * n thls department the pretty, new patterns of hlgh-clats furniture w«re , fl
I ' I^^^^^i^-^^^^^^K^ S/ >^5^~^^ y * r -^^ \u25a0 $i35!oo E ei^nt BU bu l SJ S ovai BEAUTIFUL SIDEBOARDS £%&£ Ml V fill L/j/ French |
ti Wfti^Aw 1 '*^* "V'^^^C S- / N ft 7 - ench Plata %^l'g^L h A 8 ISO.OO Colonial pattern Sideboard *&** | / .' UM LC^S. fl
I WJi -•*>*"- \u25a0 :^^y !° n f. .v.v.v.v.v:. $105.50 ln pr d ett v uarter ' S68.00 U skm Hcav v
I Any Car is a Car for PATTOSIEN'S, Sixteenth and Mission Streets. W c^^g"^ tr!g™rJH^ 4 ?F$% # m nr ' Ml five p^mKk CaSSd i
j UNPRECEDENTED BARGAINS \u25a0 lilS§l| »75 m &^xsf* vs
I DKESSEBS. CHIWA CI.OSETS MET At BEDS ' 01^™ LV Vow a. $13.50 And a rood on, for f U.T5 , |
I rXTEITSZOV TABZXS i PEETTY HALI, STANDS WRITING DESKS / ¥™!?'\/''Tr*T^ A 1~> I"?r\ T>/^/^7%/f 13 A Tfc /~Zr A f\TC i
II H OAK OKXTPOWIEBS SIDEBOARDS XiAOE OURTAXKS"^ tlA^llvA DC<D " K\J VJlVl t>/\lVVjAll>& I
MAPLE CHirFONIEKE BATTAN ROCXEBS BX.AKKETS, ETC. ,\ . ,, , , , „ . ... , , -r» , -r» fi
libeaey rtrsNiTURE EtEQANT btjppets . farz.or cabxxtets A remarkable fact that is every day repeatedly demonstrated is that we have been selling Bed-Room |j
bedroom sttits roi.DiNG bsds sewing mackixes Furniture heretofore at prices that have caused consternation at the stores of the installment combine, and fl
the end is not yet. Fortunate buying for cash does it.. These prices ought to create a panic: . q
GREATLY y**^^ A W"^k TgT^^'^UJf ""A^ W *\S^ty •>>. Thii Dnuer- Quarter oak. OTHER DRESSERS fl
IDPniTfPn £ #m & m i$ E_— 4 m %S?a^ /fW«55V ** lncho wWe « " wel1 l™^ IIS colden oak. this week. wwi v^ST^ \]
iL . * %&& B—^ H*"^ M /V==^^V Frtnoh pUlt ' mlmr ' 24x3 ° ' i22.B0'in'ahoganyfln!Vhdre»erf >^^^. |
HKlChS IN \u25a0" I 1SL l^k E| £i H \u25b2. W S^^rJtmm!ls\ Inches; downtown «tores get S1O.5O _. >*^5=^5^K. \u25a0
B.A^m J3— «< a +W ff£w%K« f. 2 . 5 :!?./. 0 :.. 1 ::::: 616.50 KtKSS!.!^:.!t!!?fe35S l 1t/iWw^& I
For this sal e ve planned that CARPETS should lead 'in the bargain offerings. Every V W ML m o« W W M\ 8
| great manufacturer is represented in the immense stock of PBETTY NEW* TAIJ. PATTERNS B U /j JW 1^ oak $ fln la t^t^haT 1^..?!!!?!'..!?..^..^"!" $10.25 Wx JR & WMl 1
I in great variety. , fftl . £t gf j§ )] *™?. "I*?. °)?!V. . b ™\<* §10.50 W@l ' I
g FROM 5c to 35c ON EVERY YARD IS YOUR SAVING THIS WEEK \)\W W W/JJ ' 8 d ° m-M^.??^^:.^! 1 * l !f*!!S!?.^ $60.00 1
n Axmln.ter— In Q ual- In^ralns-A rtronsly- Blsrelow and Lowell Tape.try Dr«.«l— JwL >7ffC prettHy sttTmtrTo? °* k> BerpenUne frOnt AtaiSn ' $27.00 fj&rW^f***??^^b fi
I rtlh^nde^Th. *° ven carp.t in n.w.- Umln.ter.-The pick of pattw™ .and pr.t- ife4^?-^^4^ METAL BEDS-ANN1VBRSARYPRICE8 ~ " fl
3 houses eet $1.50 per yard ?retty designs that cells the nicest fall patterns ment cornb lne stores easily ,JL >^r -^jT >>. .,, ,>_„_- t,.,,.. aft , r „ nntf _ nd Oold— With a tl-t * '» L~'""""""?g —J»^'« S Lg. 1 JTK n
fi lor It.... Cl «>O at Installment A^c made. Any other house get ?1.25 for It.... Q = r &? I _—^ „*» li^ ffCO KA of rrefn , SS % ~?n n £ aj5 =^=H^^ s? \J\ 1
8 ..-.••-... *}•$[ bou P esfcr70o.... 4&C charges 12.00. gjgg »OC jj «f *j* f^ $82.50 grassf wonh $to! 4 6 . 0 0 i|<2i> '^' <& M J
inodrClrnniielM— Fascin- Wilton Velvets— Pos- V Snvonnerle Aimln- Green Uronze— With brass AVhlte Knainel and brass F>. .-,- ,| ft
BtinK d""«iL-nP aiH many of :tlvely the greatest valuo nrnsselj- Designs and Mem- Floral and Oriental i pT3^ (i \\ n L^T^KrKl trimming, s^pely and strong trlmmJrs K<X) d 4- J (\ l={\ ;.;^_"_ -_,-_... ..> ._ Z ji M
til™ lii all tnlor. In- | ever offered; patterns and colors tvill give you an designs In Charming colors. &!=" ~2Z~\ £$« a $30 value Si2l'»0O value for $15. ... 5>*vJ«OU '%'- A \u25a0'! U
Ftallment ccn.blne rrlce is W olors many and ploaslng. <-aFy choice In a carpet that You pay $1.05 at install- fs=r || .—.fi^ gg . •••"•••• 'p 1 "" 2i_ N j ce scroll HrnM Twin lied— A rr.ag- H (JQ -^^ ftfl ; j H
n . C5 .:;::::::. / 81.40 S.. 5 !;: 5 95c J»7«r.!^. Bet TOc ??.%?.::: $K40 I 1 ** .p |
Motfinrtc — T " e have just received Mcsrl^^lin DiiAc — All of the latest H^T'. _^S I : t ° \u25a0 a
Q i»iaLtingS 7601 rolls Finest Japan- iTldUC*=Up rCUl^C» patterns of Fall P^ "~ X _J^^ SS3 \u25a0*\u25a0 /"fc. /*> fi*H m ! i' rt/^ O & \u2666 "
M es« Matting — our own Importation. a £» Carpet have been worked from remnants J/ H*^-_ U ' — ->. Wa JfJSi t?»«« C W " *& \i Hll Si
1 l5c 5SSr. lar SdT5SteSrat 1 .?: 73- K == _l_ :== 3 1 ff%3B $!s 1 |
H \u25a0 ' \u25a0 ' 7 — I ""S^S^^l.^ Nl bny Pe now and ' \u25a0 j ~" MT "1 '\u25a0 Value. f ' ; $
I *• * • «• m. s-^ m \u25a0w T" TT^^ fvi A -W lav \u25bc jtm - IF --.\u25a0>. W liave delivery v - — .' ! II " r^ «^t»* j . a*
|| . LACiE CURTAIN5 $ ' 6 bedr 25 om suits JJ^^te|=f I ==== " === 1 I
;1 Here is where economy can be practiced with wonderful profit and the home beautified 830 Tlire«-Plece White Maple Salt Neatly *^ . AA feC^^^^^f^ii^ff "1^ H - ' R
I with hangings that cannot b« duplicated for double our prices. decorated, heavily paneled, dresser glass beveled \7i All KL% * 0\ Vi =i- hp J f B
LET NOTHING WX\ YOUR VISIT BER2 THIS WEEK; AND EABLY. TOO ! Jg l|«g§g| SSa^ffffiST $34.25 • Br ! = ~ ' - ~ ~ . \ ' . '^-^^^^i f
750 pairs Saxony Brussels Curtains 24x {&" Bi^ve^iii'a^wfwo *piecesV*h«d o« bed Eft; ! . . „, ,, <_, J ,i O I
275 pairs Point de LUX and LouiS XIV Curtains beautifully carved and nnished in beaded trtm-^,- _ A -/ -M- *c — r-^ll THIS cHiFfoxren, beautifully g
ISOO pairs Arabian and Renaissance . . gSE $67.50 li^S^Mii i!^'^, /SS I
... ' , .... $125 Quartered Oak Suit — Serpentine iront-fc/vw r A '" T "fc/ 1 Of^/fV/f »'.i|V ?£~Zf*M Plate glass 16x20; top drawer iwell: |
i . n • Tfc« Tk ' -i We secured a great bargain for this great dresser, 52 Inches wide, shaped French plateMJl *ll \=^iiAs~^l\^ *^r£ ? |i* Installment combine gets Cl 1 R
A tl AT II at* KlITT 1^11 rrhflCa y^rly sale, and our customers get the benefit of glass, 31x38 in. Our price .V7i.uw g^x. — I — i^-J^a — \u25a0*— -*-£? » 2 3.c> for it IUOU H
AllOllierDlgrlirCllaSertthfsweek. Don't miss th, Opportunity to at J& <^ M tt^T^**&£ 1 *$&$ ftf^ Z] , n * « , , , t t , M I FRPF DP, ,VPRY IX 1 »
C3 save money. 40 inches long fptUiy This Metal Bed— Simple In its straight* fREE DELIVERY I>N «
j . x 835 Oak Suit — Three pieces, nicely flnishedA/*^ «r line design: finished with brass tops and nivt iiin IIAUCnH H? D/CI CV M
— — — — — — \u25a0 — and carved, strongly built, shapely pattern JZ3./9 kn °b»- value any- p^{\ \ UARLAHLJ, ALWWtUA, DCnNCLtl | |
SOME OF THE GREAT BARGAINS: \u25a0 j^i f^^ pi R | O^FJjRNifURE bUD 1
* $2.25 Lace Curtains, fine val- $4.75 values go at, pair. 83.00 57.00 Bonne Femme Curtains, • Golden Oak fck F ' S- ! - ' \u25a0 rlllL-Vll \u25a0 Vlml^i 1 VIllL rillD/ H
a cial, a pair $2.<>O *4.50 Arabian Lace Curtains, \u2666lO-OO values go at. . .$G.OO Velour <fe v, » /. £ * M
g ji.oo Lace curtains, fine vai- n^eiy corded, special, pair.$a ?12 . O o values go at.. 87.50 Cushions H \\ ifl VjZl In our Parlor-Furniture Factory, durine the dull summer months, wc S
ues, assorted styles at. sie- Si.00 Real Arabian Lace Cur- v».«v l»^ ]^- w-r-*»^.4» \u25a0 f ' _, ° tJ _,. M . *,. H
ciai. a pair $2.50 tains, special at. pair.. §4.50 5i5.oo values go at.. $8.50 «ff ii f i ~2}l^z manufactured a far greater quantity of goods than could ordinarily be dis- «
I . ; ; 1 — t^Zo&tfft p 5 *- l-jt' Jb. d}^*tf*0k "° posed of in an entire season. But we kept every man at work. We must V
%|nHJ 5 1 \ &\ 'Jf' i \u25a0§5^^i! ' now sell much of these goods. A week's sale at these prices will do it. §
JAPANESE TEA GABDEE EE-UPHOLSTEEINO — Tour . MAZI. OBDEBS— You will \ I jjjjj^^^^ 1^^^ . |j THEY ARE THE FINEST YOU EVER SAW H
While shopping here during old furniture might need re- find it just as convenient to \ J** 1^^^^-^!*!^^^^^ „ J . . . _^ , '\u25a0 '-'—-' „ . D
this & reat sale you can fln,! pairin, do it well and buy from us by mall as ,lf you Xftg^^^j J Ug . J^l^t^ S&n «T h ,J2cqO ift S
refreshing rest In our garder.. cheap, as well as re-finishing wore personally in the store. feyj-Jc, ' <^~ I '| green velour cover. tJ>T"O»W livornla S^^ 00 tered oak frame t>t/^i»OU B
with a pretty maid from Tokio of your dining-room or library We will gladly correspond Wti ovemtnffed Reception "sheiilsimped Corner Chair „ 4rr , . . _ . I
to serve you. furniture. with you. h— l r B Chair— Handsomely upholstered —With covering in CQO q:ft Pnntnsote Tnrlclan CHalP— B
! - 1 '**\u25a0 ~ \ V > in silk damask «C I Q RTfl Ereen silk damask. «P *f> -m •*J\J "Wears better than COS flfl "
f , I If M <J>*C»**>^' Parlor Ilocker- Mahogany or leather *&Z£,%3*\J\J n
_. 9 Pattosien's I # -* Oak finish . frame, «C<^ s l
UPaVS tO Ttk A FW\r&yf\f^WW%*&T /^ r\ SlXtSentn I guaranteed \ Three-Piece Sult-Pattosiens «»««'«*{ nort'Wnd ArmelimVr Turkish Cnair, Genuine g
T 1 • 4U* li A I 3 M Rk. I ' \ \\ I II nn A M:^:« Ul SmS \\ Ve"na .... Cff Q flfl -In matched pattern silk tapestry Lc»tW-V.ry CffO f|f| S
Trade in the PS j \ ||%liH 111 and Mission w SS. \\ 7..?..!.v.v.........o5o.uu cover sss.OO be9t constrnctlon - O9iUU 9
u» .• - B /\u25a0« fl I I Pi Jl i »s-J^ 9 m. <JtrApfc manship; a Vj Gold Corner Chair— TDalnty " Reception "chair— In Mahos- Box Conch— Opens easny with fi
miSSlOn I -H- Jl.JA.JBL. JUL \/ Km«J Jsl iL*B k. \ W V/O iJlICCla . $10 value. <B yet substantially C1Q flfl an y finish frame. <Lj± (\fl Patent springs — C11 flfl fi
constructed €j>lO«VFVr velour cushion seat. tPT^vrVF denim cover O*«»vFv/ r|Lundy carries largest stock 18-lc. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street *
Wins Honors in Qualifying Round.
CHICAGO GOLF CLUB, WHEATON.
111.. Sept. 29.— Mrs. Caleb Fox of the
Huntingdon Valley />olf Club carried
off "the honors in the qualifying
round for the National "Women's Golf
Tournament over the Wheaton course to
day, taking but 91 strokes for the 18 holes,
or Eix strokes less than the women's
bogey. Of the 56 starters, only four suc
ceeded in petting under the 100 mark,
and as high as 120 qualified for the real
ptruxgle for the championship honors,
which will begin to-morrow. .
The first pair of boxers will enter the
ring at 8:30 o'clock. The programme is as
follows:
Kid Thompson vb. Kid Kennedy; .William
Walker v*. Billy McKarley; Musa O'Bryan
v». J. Krougb: Harry Tenne vb. Eddie Carr;
John Franc vs. Charlie Webber;. Joe Crowiey
vs. 'George Finnigan.
OAKLAND, Sept 29.— The West Oak
land Athletic Club will give its nrst se
ries of glove contests under the new "box
ing ordinance to-morrow evening at the
club gymnasium in West Oakland. A
good card of six bouts has been arranged.
BOXERS WILL MEET AT
WEST OAKLAND CLUB
Preliminary round — R. turn Suden va. Brad
ley Wallace; H. Rudee vb. a. Van Fleet; .Self
ridge vb. \V. Goodrum. First round— H. Getz
vg. Abe Hellman; P. Parker vs>. W. Sea; Cow
den v«. Glenn CokwHI; S. Smith vs. winner of
the Belfrldpe-Goodrum match; Cannon vs. A.
Robl«on: H. Goold vs. E. Baker; L.. Gunst va.
61. Selig.
The winder of the tournament will be
Lowell's second representative in singles
in the academic tournament next spring.
He with Long • will also represent the
echool In doubles. The eighteen players
entered drew as follows:
The annual singles tennis tournament
for the championship of Lowell High
School will be played this morning on the
California Club courts. Alexander Bey
fuss, last year's champion, has left school
and there will be a new champion when
to-day's tourney is completed. That the
honors will fall to Herbert Lone Is al
most a certainty. He outclasses the other
nineteen players and will be allowed to
"stand out" and play the winner of the
tournament. Long is the most promising
young player in the California Club.
The Interest of the players will not be
lessened by this state of affairs, for the
fight for second place will be a hard one.
Six ct the entries are evenly matched and
e.8 they are drawn in opposite halves
there will be some interesting matches.
It Is expected the winner of the tourna
ment and the one who will meet Long
will be one from the following: Bradley
Wallace, Sidney Smith, Herbert Goold,
Glen CoRwill, L. Gunst and H. Getz.
HIGH SCHOOL PLAYERS
IN TENNIS TOURNAMENT
Sisth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling— 1'lrateer 104. Carat 100. Dodie 8 98.
O'Hagen 97, Compass 97. Tanered 90.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Red Bird, Alameda,
Tribune.
Second race — Mr. Rose, Golden
Link, Ceylon.
Third race — Rockaway, Lady Joce
lyn, Lendin.
Fourth race — The Don, Red Raven,
Wainamoinen.
Fifth race — Dick Bernard, Testi
mony, J. P. Mayberry.
Sixth race — Carat, Tancred,
Dodie S.
Third race, one and a plxtenth miles. Kinzie
handicaps — Judge Himep 114, Lendin 1)3, Lady
Jocelyn 02. Rockaway 80.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Nitrate 112.
Ivernia 100. St. Tammany HX1, The Don 103.
\Vainamo!n«n 1O2. Jim Clark 102. Ethel Wh'at
1CL'. Kthylene 102. Gypeene 100. Red Raven ICO,
Kxaminer 99, Lacy Crawford 96, Tokalon 8X
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Dick
Bernard 110. Rowena 107, J. P. Mayberry 105.
Magrfe Leeber 102, The Hebrew 100, Kir.r
Kllsworth 100. KIwockI 100. La Chaperone 07,
My Gem 97. Katie Powers «7. Testimony 97.
Susie Christian 97 - I^ella 97. Durbar 07, Tapl
ola 97. •
Second race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Golden Link 162, Ceylon 182, Mr. Rose
141. Folella l.'JN. Alline Abbott 130. Sea Pirato
126. Itacat'ara 127. John B. Owens J27. Demon
land 125. First Past 123. Snowdrift 125.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— Entries:
First race, five furlor.^s. selling — Caroburn
110. Janet Forso 107. Fly I^ady 107. Mary Hill
lOS. Rlceful 10-J. Va'-Iarambla 102. Red Bird
1CJ. Alice Commoner 102, Mary Dunn 102, Sil
ver Spinnfr 97, Alamode 97, Tribune 97.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
purse :
Benin*. Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Finiral. 107 «Wonderly). . 15 11
20 to 1— Marshals^, fAdklns) 4 12 4
0 to 5— Incubator. 100 (Bchanan) 3 3 3 1
Time. l :«$. Start bad. Won drlvins.
Winner. M. Jordan's b. g. by Falsetto-Minar
ette. Paul Whaley 107. Don't Ask Me 107,
Sprinjstead 109, Somersault 107, als«o ran.
Time. 1:14. Start pood. Won easily. Win
ner. H. T. Griffin's ch. f. by Henry of Xa
varre-Golden Dream. Merryflight S<9. I^ady
Kent 85, Evaiyn Bird 05. Sarah Maxim Sfli,
Tioza S9, Joe Martin 102. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlonre. purse:
B»-ttinK. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin
» to 10— Ocean Dream. 89 (W.
Robblns) 2 2 14
20 to 1— Myr Jhn*on. 95 iH.Taylr) :i 12 2
6«» to 1 — Marco. 89 (Oliphant) « 4 3 2
FOrP.TH RACE— Pix furlongrn. purse:
Betting-. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. »« Fin.
7 to 10 — Toah. 107 (Buchanan) :* 'i 1 n
2 to 1 — Golden Rule. 107 lAiiklnsi 2 12 1
it to 1— Gypzene, »S (Knapp) 1 3 :$
Time. 1:18 1-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. P. Dunne's rh. »f. by BassPtlaw-Mod
esty. Thane 99. Mr. lirown 9S, also ran.
Time. 2:07. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. K. Newman'* br. f. by Ixird Dalmeny-
Bessle Bleland. Uttl«? Klkln »1 also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles,
Fort DearlMDrn handicap:
lJpttlnK. Horse. WeijlH. Jockey. St. s i Kin.
7 to 5— Our Dpsp>. 00 tFerrell)... 12 12
11 to 5 — Dr. Stephens. 107 ilrvin). 2 1 2 2'i
3 to 1 — POKtmaFter Wright. flS <S.
Banner) 4 3 .11
Time. 1:41H. Start poor. Won easily. Wln
nfr, C. K. Rowe'e b. m. by Medley-Sprin?tide.
Ancke 9<t. Warte Nlcht 98. Sidney C. Love US,
Callant ui), also ran.
SECOND RACE— Mile, purse:
B«ttlnir. Hoifp. Weight. Jockey. St. » t Fin.
» to .".—Colonial Oirl. its* «\Vllnon> »» fi 1 '\u25a0»
T to l-*Talpa 104 <Ferrell> 3 4 2 1
So to 1 — Giltain, »0 <S. Uonner).. t- 1 .'» h
Sj*c!al Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. SepL 29.— Our Bessie, a red
hot favorite at 7 to 5, won the Fort Dear
born Handicap at one and a quarter miles
at Harlem to-day. Dr. Stephens, second
choice at 11 to 5, was second. The vic
tory of Our Bessie was a decidedly pop
ular one.
The track was much better to-day and
by to-morrow it will be lightning fa.«=t.
A good card drew out another large ct
tendar.ee. crowding the grandstand and
congesting the betting ring-. The jyeaiher
was clear and warm and an ideal day for
racing. Summary:
FIRST rf'A'CK— Five furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockty. St % Fin.
C to 6— William Wright. 1CS
• Buchanan) 1 1 1 I 1 !
1!V to 1— Knvente. lot; <OU*> S 4 2 *J
lu> to 1— Trapsetter. 105 <T. DeanHO 0 3 h
Time 1 :0O 2-f>. Start fair. Won f aaily.
Winner, J. K. Ouyhlng"s b. c. by Uoundlea<-
Maybee. Formast«>r 1"S. King Ellsworth 103;
Kill Walters 1<<». 1 Mud HMi. Apple K>:t. My
icndale KiS. crhockayotte 106. roroner Kelly
100, Norel 1(>S, Wandftrd 108. Vincinia Boy
ICO. also ran.
MOBRIS PAHK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Reliable, In-vincible,
In gold.
Second race — Burdette, Flammula,
Marmee.
Third race^ — Dick Turpin, Paget
entry, Gananogue.
Fourth race — Runnels, Wotan,
High Chancellor.
Fifth race— Salvatella, Lux Casta,
Gay Boy.
Sixth race — Hoodwink, Cincin
natus. Lord Turco.
Fifth r«r», Fir furlongs of Withers mile.
Bronx handicap — Young Henry 125, Gay Boy
124. Wealth 122, Lux Casta 113. Salvatella 105,
Race King 102. Led? Uncas 100. Divination W.
lllyria »7. Gaviot* OS. Prince Chtng 90.
Sixth race, one "and a sixteenth miles orer
the hill MlItr.K— Joia 0». Tribea' Hill 111,
Knue ft». Trinity Bell 108, L«ord Turco 102.
Cinclnnatus 97. Lady Potentate 108. Hood
wink 10*.
Fourth race. Wither* mile, all ages — Car
buncle 109. Tribes' Hill 112. Lord Badge 109.
Knight of Harlem 112. Flammula 87. Mabel
Richardson 109. Black Fox 100. High Chan
'••:< t IOC. Runnels 112. Bad News 103. Wo
tan 110.
Third race, five furlongs of Eclipse course,
rrlling. Hurricane — Dimple 109, Ogala!a OT.
Monochord 9». Rlverdalc 102, Pompano 102.
Tepee 105. Dick TurDtn 105. Juvenal Maxim
102. Inquisitive Girl t». Yellow Hammer 102.
Prince Salm Salm 104. Gananogue 94.
Time. 1 :40 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. L.. Kempner'e ch. g- by HaMlngs-Or
tecal. Namtor 107, Ringdove 81. Our Nugget
ST. Eva Russell 90. Blue Banner 85, Widow's
Mite ia», also r«n.
TJ ORRIS EUTSIES.
NEW YORK. Pept. 20.— Entries:
Firnt race. Bclipse course, handicap — Reli
able 120. Young Henry 117. Kinjr Pepp»r 11C
Inpold 10H, Icewater 103, G. Whlttler 106. Fir
Voorhles 107. Invincible 1C5. Monte Carlo 102.
Auri»«-vil!«» «»C. Have 95, Neither One 82, Prai
rie Flower SW.
fic-cond race, five furlongs of Eclipse cour««,
two-year-old flllles^ — Ogalala 10f>, Gananogue
105. Salaia 112. Dimple 105, Carudutta 105,
r*i?rpl* Iris 105. GameFtresa 105, Short Caka
110. BtJrdette 110. M. Theo llrt. To San 110.
Miss Melton 1OS Algonquin 105. Msrmee 105.
Knmombo 10C>, Flammula 112.
5IXTH RACE— Selling: for three-year-olds
an>1 «n; the Withers mile.
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey._ St. 'i Fin.
5 to 2 — ((arrman. So < J.Jonrg)'. .2114
13 to 1<» — Wild Pirate. 104 (O'Neill) 8 6 2 %
SO to 1— Joe Cobb. 105 (Redfern). 4 4 .T h
FIFTH RACE— Polling; for two-ypar-olds;
six and a half furlonr* of Withers mile.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to fi — Jocund, llfi lO'Xelll) 6 111
V> to 1 — Wotan. 115 (Michaels)... 1 3 2 h
6 to 1 — Outcome. 107 (Fuller* 11 4 3 >i
Time. I :2O 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. -I. A. Drake 4 * ch. o. by Mirthful-
Flower E>*llls. Hryn Mawr 10S. Monastic- in.
Fsi? \}«. Tim Payne 110. The Southerner 112.
Krchhairptcn 111. Clmmplatn 103, Don John
ll'i. Kuby RliiK 107. also ran.
FOl'RTH RACE— The Falrvlew filing
stakes for 'h'.-ee-year-old*; one and a sixteenth
miles over the hill.
Be'tinn. - Horse. Weisrht. Jockey. St. 3; Fin.
14 to I> — Cmbarraestnnt 104 (O'Nl!) 3 2 12
» to .V— Roeiand. 103 <Full«r> 2 1 2 1
6 to 5— Wild Thyme. B8 (Redfern) 13 3
Time. 1 :45 4-5. Start rood. Won cleverly.
W!nne»- x. Bennlnrton'a ch. c. by Kniffht of
Etlerslt^-Flas*! in the Pan.
THIRD RACK— For maidens; three-year-olds
and uo: the Withers mile.
Rettir.K. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
R to 1 — Calcutta, 100 <O'Brl»n>. .. 8 112
« to 1— The (aptoln. 10.1 (TreubeK 3 6 2 3
5 to I— MMal. 102 (Bolesen) 10 8 3 s;
Time, 1 :41 3-j. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. F. Farrell 1 * n. g. by Hindoo-Red and
Blue. I^f-rarka 1O.", Sabot 1tH. Tom Lawson
100. F*»nt!n*-1 101. East Keleton 1OH. Gates 10<t.
St. Jude 101. Erne Shepperd !CO, Queen Eliza
beth ITO, p.Iso rf.n.
f-'ECOXD RACE — For reciden two-year-olds,
five and « half furlongs, over Eclipse course.
IJet'trgr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
~ to 1 — Crown Prince. 107 (Sallng*) 8 5 13
P to Tt— Green Crest. 10* Burr.*)... 112 2
8 to 1— Fine Art. 10T (Builman). ..1* 7 3 4
Tim«-. 1 ;t*4. Start bad. Won handily. Win
ner. Pepr-r Ftable's rh. c. by Meadowthorpe-
Wf<ch> Sterlina. FalW K>4. Jonnelly 108.
Adrlutna. 104, Hteeiiraker 107. Ascetic 104.
Southampton l«js» Mohican 107, Phaser I0S
Pn«r 104. Hy!«j 1<H. Gold Tip 107. Ricky T
104, Mor.yoon 304, Colleen Bawn 104, al*o ran.
There *-ere only three starters In the
Fair View Selling Stake, the only race
ether than an overnight event which was
pn ih<> i-rogramme to-day, and the stake
was -won by Embarrassment cleverly,
with Rostand second and Wild Thyme,
the favorite, third.
Much the best contest of the day was
the f.ftli race, in which a number of fair
two-yea r-oldn ran. John A. Drake's
Jocund. however, seemed to be the
•viass.' and he waa a Bteady favorite.
notwithstanding that Bryn Mawr, Out
come and Monastic all found supporters.
Jocund won easily.
August Belnonfs recently sold three
yar-old golding Oarsman, backed down
from 3 to 1 to 11 to 5. won the last race
easily. Louis Kempner is given as the
new owner of Oarsman, and the gelding
is trained by Frank Regan, who had
charged of Belmont's racers which ran
at th<? recent IOnilworth Park meeting
in Buffalo. Summary:
FIP.FT RACE— The S*pteixib*r Hurdle sell
ir.g «'»i>.- one and three-quarter mile*, over
*»v«=n hurdles.
Rotting. Hon«\ "Weight, jockey. Pt. \ Fin.
5 to 1 — Amur. 153 (Mara) 8 5 1 2'i
2ft to 3 — Vr-GrathSana Prince, 15.1
'Pending* 1 1 2 4
25 to 1 — Pravshtsinan. 1S3 «G\VI(«n» 6 2 U 'M
T!n.«=. 3:17 15. Start eood. Won eaalljr.
TVinn^r. J. \V. Coif* ch. if. by Hob M.J.-*-
Anad^ir. Panics Dumont 133. "Gibson Ujiht
1U. Nanwral 154. Ch«rawind 153. Cryptogram
142, Ohr.n ISO. also ran.
Drake v.-on a lot of money on Crown
Prince to-day. It Is *aid hts commission
»as 12000 to win and jaiOO to Fhow. Em
barrassment and Jocund also were well
p!ayed by Drake.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Robert Plnker
lon yesterday collected the bookmakers'
sheets on the race won by Trinity Bell
and upon which more money was won
than upon any recent race, If the layer*'
stories are true. It was announced yes
terday that Trinity Bell was the prop
erty of Thomas Hitchcock Jr. Before
the r»<e was run John E. Madden, art
ing for Mr. HKchrock, agreed to pur
chase her, win or los^e the race, for $Z>00,
and she !s to be devoted to the cross
country game. John A. Drake made one
bet of $1!.<W) to J1000 on Trinity Bell, it
is said on good authority. Charlie Gates
wap one of the chief winners on the
mare.
* Facial IHepatrh to The Call
Harlem Attendancs Ircreases
as the Season Draws
to a Close.
Bookmakers' Sheets Are Pro
duced on an Order From
the Stewards.
Heavily Backed Choice
Annexes the Fort
Dearborn.
"KILLING" CALLS
FOR AN INQUIRY
Drake-Gates Contingent
Under Suspicion at
Morris Park.
HANDICAP GOES
TO OUR BESSIE
Dramatic Incident and Quickness of Action Mark
the Twenty Rounds, of Fighting.
EDDIE HANLON DEFEATS YANGER DECISIVELY IN SENSATIONAL CONTEST
ANGEL BATSMEN
SHOW GOOD FORM
HILEE ENTERS
HOME A WINNER
They Pound Out Four
teen Hits Oft L .nd- ;
sey's Offerings.
Home Talent Fails to Solve
Dolly Gray's Puzzling
Delivery.
STANDING OF THE CVXTB9.
W L. Pet.' W. L» Pet.
T.. Angels. 10O .',9 .^(Portland ..70 S» ,4M
San Fran. 90 7S_ .5.U|Oakland ...4 9. .Ui
Sacramnto 84 7i» .514jSeattle ....67 88 .4.^
Jim Morley and his southern stick
wielders performed on the Oakland rl«U
yesterday for the first time in many
moons and they celebrated the Ilttla
event by landing on the ball for fourteen
hits that came so quickly that they wen*
hard to keep track of. Uncle Henrys
dead ones were the victims, and ere the
weary nine rounds came to an end thti
Angels made seven runs and the natives
never had a look in.
Little Lindsey was sent out on the slab
to puzzle the league- leaders and he was
an awful easy proposition. The Angela
began to open up on the tiny southpaw
during the fourth inning. From that
time on they accumulated runs as fast as
they pleased and the natives were power
less to stop the procession over the plate.
Dolly Gray had a good day on the slab
—the first that he has experienced for a
long time. At that, the home players
managed to cop nine hits off his offerings,
but somehow or other they never came at
the right time, and the six bases on balls
which the big southpaw issued were, for
tunately for him, well scattered along tha
route of battle.
Llndsey was taken out »of the box In
the middle of the eighth inning and Horl
son took his p^ace. In making a throw to
third base the former gave his arm a se
,'vere wrench. It pained him so that he
was unable to continue. Lindsey had tha
injured member examined by a physician
when he arrived in this city. The doctor
says that the wrench is a severe one ami
the little southpaw will probably not bo
seen in action again this season.
The game was loosely played and waa
devoid of any special interest. Dillon wa3
back at first base for Los Angeles after
an absence of nearly a month, lie showed
his usual flpe form in fielding and landed
on the sphere for two solid hits. The
score: •
San Francisco — | Los Angeles —
AB.R. H. P.A. AfJ.ll. H. P.A.
Lynch, lf.4 O o 2 I 1 Hoy, cf...5 1 U o i»
Meany. rt.5 0 2 2 ljWhlr. 2b.. 5 2 2 4 4
Irwln. 3b. 3 0 0 2 1 Smith 3b. '{ O 2 1 I
KruR, cf..5 «> 0 .3 O,Dilon. lb.R 1 2 !> I
Zrfo!>!«, c.4 0 1 « 2,Crvth rt..7> ». 2 .1 »
Pabst, lb. I 0 .1 7 ljRoss. If. .4 2 1 4 i»
Dims. 2b.. .1 Oil 4iToman. s.-t 114V
Raynd. s.4 0 2 3 1 (Spies, C...I l» 2 2 '1
Llndsy, p.2 0 0 1 4'Gray p. ..4 O O t> 2
Hodsn, p..O OOOOJ
Total9.34 0 9 27 13l Totals.-TS 7 I» 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0O01S0 0 1 0 — 7
Base hits 1 1 1 2 4 2 1 2 U — 14
San Francisco . . O 0 O 0 O n 0 i> 0 — 0
Basa hits 02 1202 1 10—9
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Ross 3, Smith 2. Pravath. Ray
m.md. Toman. SDies. Errors — Zearf-.»-. Wltee.
ler. D*lmas. , Raymond. Toman. Three-base
hlt» — Hoy. Spies. Two-base hits — Hoy. Dtl
lon. Wheeler. Sacrifice hit — Smith. First ba.«*
on errors — San Francisco 2, Los Angeles £
First base on called balls — Off LIndsey 4. off
tlray 6. Left on bases— San Francisco 13. Vnt
Angeles 8. Struck out-— By Lindsey •.'. by Gray
1. Double play — Wheeler to uillon. Time of
game 1 — I hour and 50 minutes. Umpire — Mc-
Donald. /
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 29.— Barney
Oldfield In his automobile at the Glea
vllle track to-day traveled five miles in
4:49 2-5. The world's record is 4:54. Tlmo
by miles." :58, :58, :58. :57 2-5. :53.
Breaks an Auto Record.
Prince Boyal "Wins Great Foal Stake.
LONDON. Sept. 20.— Prince Royal won
the Great Foal stake of 10 sovereigns each
for starters, with 1000 sovereigns added for
three-year-olds, a mile and two furlongs,
at the Newmarket first October meeting
to-day. W. C. Whitney's Pan Michael
was second and Arlon ran third.
Portland 00013000 x — G* 9 6
Sacramento ... 00100020 O — 3 9 4
Batteries— Fit*gerald and Graham; Butler
and Shea. Umpire — Levy.
PORTLAND, SeDt. 29. — Portland won to
day's came by bunching five single* on Fitz
gerald In the fifth Inning. Butler kept th«
hits well scattered and had perfect support,
Fitzgerald made a home run. Score:
Portland Defeats Sacramento.
Evsry Hoke in the Race
Receives Support in the
Betting Ring.
Special 1 .spatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS] S Pt- 29.— Pleasant weather,
a fast t:aok ael an attractive card drew
a liie crowd \t Delmar Park this after
noon. Interest centered In the fourth
event, a handicap at six furlongs. Every
horse in the mce received support and
it was the best betting event of the meet
ing. JWee w^ n It In a canter. He was
nicely ridden' by Sheehan. who trailed
the field until tfell into the stretch, where
he save Hilee hi3 head and the gelding
ran over the other horses, winninff as
he Pleased. £;immary:
FIRST RACE rFive furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
6 to, 1— Lady Thistle. 107 (Shehan) J 1 I •>
12 to 1— Wootsy Wlnlerd. 107 (Wai
] ace t 53 a*>
7 to 2— Ca<Ion» 107 (Blrkenruth) 4 7 3 n
Time, 1:04. iStart good. Won easily. Win
ner. O. C. Benpett & Co.'s ch. f. by Knight of
the Thlstl"-LeU. Lonlana 107, Falcons Pearl
107, Bet BocelW 10". Ora Z 107. Enigma 10..
Ache 107. Sail} t.unn 107. Mon Chere 10.. also
ran.
SECOND r\CE— SJx and a half furlongs,
selling: f
Betting. Hoie. Weight, Jockey. SL »i FIik
ft to 2— Sid Silver. 105 (Taylor) ... '1 1 h
» to 2-Mv Surprise, 10.1 (Jones).. 6 12 1
15 to 1— Deer 7 Hunter. 102 (Calvin 4 4 3 H
Tim«, 1:22V Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. J. Ogles b. c. by Slddartha-Silver
Bangle. Albcic 08. Model Monarch 105, The
Advocate 93, Lacache 07. Tangent 10T>. Little
Corker 105. Hinchman 103, also ran.
THIRD RATE — One mile, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
• •) to 5— Spen erian. S5 (Perkins).. 3 5 1 n
12 to 1— Ryevale. 90 ((McKinney). ."> 4 2n
11 to 2— MacPeth. 110 tSheehan).. 2 1 3 n
Time. l:42'-i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs H. Dernham's b. f. by Free
Knight-Sarah Davis. Lasso 10r>, Helen Print
110 Helen H.ty 104. Donami 104. also ran.
FOURTH K ACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 5 — Hilee 108 (Sheehan) 4 4 14
8 to 1— MJ:no. 9O (Howell) 1 5 2n
10 to 5— Rfsecourt. 00 (Boyd> « 3 3 2
Time, 1:U%< Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W W Elliott's b. h. by Himyar-Grace
I^ee. Two ZAck 102. Frank Bell IIS, Theory 91.
also ran.
FIFTH JIACE — One mile and twenty yards,
purne:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fin.
5 to 2— Alopath. 107 (Sheehan). 44 3 1 l*i
3 to 2— Gennevis. 10*1 (Foley)... 2 12 3
IS to C — )3<-n4»l. 10r» (Livingston).. 1 2 3 15
Timi" 1:44,7 Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, I.amasney Bros.' b. f. by Montana-Home
opathy, larga 100. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
selling:
BettiTiR. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 5 — Rengaw. 05 <Livlngston). . 3 114
f» to 1— KinRstelle. 93 (Perkins).. 5 2 2 V,i
11 to 2— Landola. 107 (Sheehan)... 4 4 3.1
Tine. 1:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Johnson's br. g. by Wagner-Fa
becia. False 95, Cogswell .103. Qulsante 1<X>.
also ran.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST.! LOUIS, Sept. 29.— Entries: .
Fi-*t race, six furlongs, selling, three-year
old fillies — Harpllthe 94. Mathilda 09, \u25a0 Mar
chloless OO. Blsuka 94. Princess Me 94, Zulma
89. lou Beach 99. Caelana 101.
Foird race, five and a half furlongs, selling;
two-year-olds — Port Warden 102. Belle the Cat
OS. Jaybon 95. Overhand 100. Bradley Bill f>3.
Falkland 95. Can and Gown 104. Haven Run
113. jLady Fonso JKi. Sadie Burch 100, Frank
Colhhs 105. Rusk 103.
Tlird race, six furlongs, celling, three-year
old fillies— Shipping Port 102. Blue Grass Girl
105. Miss Manners 107. Behoove 105, Lady
Drcper 08. Irene Mac 97, Vestry 104.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles. The
Meramee handicap — Leenja 90. Laily Strath
mo-e 101. Porquoi Pas 113. Kvea O 109.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
ant -up, purse — Glennevia 100, Jigger 102. Ada
N 102. Elastic 105. Tommy Hill 102. Gus Lanka
97. Feilowtail 105, Tom Collins 103.
Sxth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing ' three-year-olds and uj> — Belle Simpson 105.
Heslra 90. Straggler 10O. Vranlum 101. Cogs
well lffl. Dynasty 103. Model Monarch 9S, Var
na Foeso S>0, Loone 100, Baronet 105, Kunja ICO.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
• I By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Marchioness, Lou
Beach, Bisuka.
Second, race— Frank Collins, Sadie
Burch, Lady" Fonso.
Third race — Vestry, Blue Grass
Girlj Behoove.
Fourth race — Leenja, Fourquoi
Pas, Lady Strathmore.
Fifth, race — Jigger, Ada N, Elastic.
Sixth race — Dynasty, Kunja,
Vama Fonse.
Earns B;
Furlor
at
pickets in Six
\ Handicap
Del mar.
THE SANl FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
Continued on Page 13, Column 5.
The fight was extremely Interesting to
the spectators. As each round terminated
the excited onlookers settled back for a
breathing spell and again would be
thrown into a fever heat by the manner
in which the pair hammered each other.
Following is a good description of -the
fight by rounds as noted by. an expert:
Round 1 — Hanlon sent in* a right to body
Description of the Battle as Viewed
by an Expert at the Game.
FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
With all the desperate fighting there
was but little blood spilled. Hanlon'a nose
was cut and bled slightly. His' leit' eye
was blackened. Yanger's lips and nose
were puffed up from the frequent visita
tions of Hanlon's gloves.
Hanlon seemed the fresher and stur
dier of the two boxers, the years- of
training Yanger has undergone having
undoubtedly taken some of the dash out
of him. His blows lacked the sting which
hurts. He landed repeatedly on Hanlon,
but the latter only shook his head and
rushed in for more. He took blows re
peatedly with th« Idea of giving harder
ones in return and seldom missed. He
kept boring in all the time and never at
tempted to hang on. He left all this to
Yanger, at no time during the fight feel
ing himself In danger. He fought more
openly than on previous occasions, at
times abandoning 1> ( 8 crouching attitude
entirely.
After the fight Yanger admitted he had
a close call in the fifteenth round. Man
ager Hertz said he would like to match
Yanger with Hanlon again to fight in the
East.
Billy Jordan Introduced Yanger as the
"Tipton Slasher" of Chicago. Hanlon
was announced as the pride of California.
Charles Selger and Jimmy Brltt were also
introduced. A telegram was read from
Young Corbett offering: to fight the win
ner.
Yanger and Hanlon entered the ring to
gether. The former was attended by
Manager Hertz, Alexander Greggains,
Billy Otts. Billy Roach and Charles
Selger, With Hanlon were Harry Foley,
Joe Angell, Fred Landers, Toby Irwln and
Mike Short.
THE BOXERS APPEAR.
A policeman had quite a struggle with
one man who climbed between the ropes.
In putting him out the ; man's pistol
pocket was exposed and the law'f% de
fender saw a shining object there. A
look of determination spread over his face
as he took a firmer hold of the man and
proceeded to disarm him. The deadly
weapon was secured and, much to the
chagrin of the patrolman and the amuse
ment of the spectators, proved to be a
small whisky flask— and empty. No ar
rests.
Referee Smith placed his hand on Han
lon's shoulder and declared him .the vic
tor. The Californian rtvas cheered and
cheered until the rafters re-echoed with
the applause. A rush was made for the
ring by Hanlon's admirera, But a cordon
cf police hustled them outside the rbpes.
The twentieth round was almost a repe
tition of the fifteenth. Hanlon was again
the aggressor and had Yanger on the
verge of going out. Yanger took an in
credible amount of punishment, but lasted
to the end.
The remaining rounds up to the twen
tieth seemed tame in comparison with
the fifteenth. Yanger came back fighting
and put up a bold front, although it was
seen he was tender about the body and
winced whenever a blow landed there.
Hanlon's timekeeper claimed the gong
was sounded before the time was really
up. In his dressing room after the fight
Hanlon claimed that when Referee Smith
broke them out of the clinches he invari
ably stood in the way. Hanlon said he
had to run around him In order to reach
Yanger. This gave the latter additional
respite.
h~-^DDIE HANLON gained a brll-
liant victory over the hitherto
undefeated featherweight boxer,
Bonny Yanger, last night In Me
chanics' Pavilion. The fight went
twenty rounds and for dramatic incident
and quickness of action has seldom been
equaled In this or any other city.
By some peculiar intuition the specta
tors scented a fierce contest in the fif
teenth round. They were not disap
pointed, as it proved the most thrilling
round ever seen here. It had hardly got
well under way when Yanger was
knocked down with a clean right to the
head, lie was dazed but up before the
count and then for nearly three minutes
a remarkable struggle ensued. The spec
tators were all on their feet and fairly
surged about the ring, their tense faces
glistening in the glare of the powerful
electric lights.
Yanger was dazed and groggy, but his
gameness kept him on his feet and aided
him in withstanding the relentless little
fighter, who followed him all over the
ring, raining blows on him. It was this
method of aitack which lost Hanlon a
clean-cut victory at this point. Had he
concentrated all his strength into one blow
Yanger would surely have succumbed.
At that Hanlon seemed the coolest man
In the house. He kept peppering away
at Yanger, who hung on at every oppor
tunity. The Chicago man was stagger
ing about helplessly when the end of the
round brought him temporary relief.
DISPUTE OVER TIMING.
Round 7 — Yanger tried with left for the jaw
and right for the body and was blocked. Han-
Ion put right to the body and Yanger landed
a hard right high on 1 the body. They went to
a clinch and Yanger landed right an-d left to
the body and a hard left uppercut to the
Jaw. Eddie bored In with his head down and
tried rieht and left for the body, but was
cleverly blocked. Then Yaniter planted a hard
left hlrh on the chest. He followed.lt with
straight left to the face' and received two hard
rights on the kidneys. .They mixed it furiously
and both landed hard rights to the body.
Yanger put left to the head and Hanlon closed
In and sent In a terrific left to the Jaw and
rights and lefts to the body as the gong
clanged. The pace was again furious and
Hanlon showed to good advantage In the in
fightlDfr.' Hanlon's round. . =
Round 8 — A clinch followed Immediately atjd
they parted very carefully. ; Numerous lefts
and rlchts were blocked and Yanger got his
right to the i body. :\u25a0. Hanlon put .left to : the
body and partially blocked left for body.Yan-'
ser.put left to the Jaw and straight left stab
to- the face. : Yanger' missed a • terrific • right
uppercut for the jaw and Eddie • planted his
right. to the head. They pegged away without
result and Eddie put left to the face . and
right to the body and grot a left on the wind 1
HANLON FORGES AHEAD.
Round 6 — Yanger tried vicious right, for the
face and was short. Krldlo backed away from
a hard left for the stomach. Both tried hard
to land and many blows were blocked. Yan
cer got a left to the body and they clinched.
Yanser missed left uppercut for the jaw and
Hanlon drove his left and right to the Jaw.
They mixed It in whirlwind fashion and both
landed some good blows. Hanlon excels in
the mixes. Yanger sent Hanlon's head back
with a straieht left. They earn*? to a clinch
and Eddie put left to Jaw and a right to the
body. Yanger put a right hook to the body
at the sound of the bell. The pace was very
brisk and both men showed Bisrns of letting up
toward the close of the round.
Round C — They came together in a clinch.
Yanzer tried with left and right for th<? face
and then sent a right hook to the body and a
left to the face. Yanger tried with left for
the body and then for the head, but wad
blocked. They mixed it again and Eddie
brought a right uppercut to the Jaw. Yan
ger stabbed with left to the face and 'body.
In a mix-up tliey exchange.! rlght9 and lefts
to the body. Yanger wai> cool and bbeked
many hnrd blows for the stomach. Hanlon
on the aggressive. Yanger hooked left to the
jaw and Hanlon drove light left to the faco.
Yanrer sent a right to the face and cleverly
blocked a return. Yanger appears a trifle
tired. He pave a magnificent exhibition of
blocking in this round. Hanlon went to his
corner smiling.
YANGER SHOWS SKILL.
Round 3— They went Jmmedlately to a clinch.
Yanger was short with a left and then jabbed
a left to the face. Hanlon missed right and
left for the head and Yan&er sent right and
left to the head. Hanlon forced Yanger to a
corner, but did not land a telling blow. Yan
ger worked his right and left for the Jaw, but
was blocked. In a mix-up Hanlon sent rights
and lefts to the body and forced the Slasher
to a clinch. Hanlon sent Yanger to the floor
fo'r about two seconds with a straight left to
the face. Yanser was up quickly and waded
right in, but did not connect. Hanlon landed
a terrific right to the jaw and Yanger came
back wilh a right uppercut to the head. Yan
ger was very cool. As the bell rang Eddie put
a hard right to the kidneys. Hanlon cut out
a stiff pace and had the better of the round.
Round 4 — Yanger missed s-tralght left to.'the
face and they exchanged lefts to the face.
Hanlon blocked hard right uppercut and sent
right to the kidneys. Yanger shot his right
to the body and in a mix-up Hanlon pu: left
and risht to the body and four rights to the
kidneys. Yanger stabbed Hanlon several
times with lefts to the face and two hard
rights to the body. Yanger put left and right
to the face, but , Eddie countered twice with
right to tbe body. Yanger whipped hard left
to the Jaw and they mixed it against the ropes.
Yanger misled straight right for the jaw and
In a mix-up they exchanged hard rights to
the body. Yanger sent In several straight
lefts to the face and as the gong rang put a
left to the head. Yanger improved somewhat
in this round, but the fighting was even If
anything.
YANGER 'HITS FLOOR.
- Round 2 — They came up quickly and went
to a clinch. Eddie drove a hard right to the
stomach and the Slasher retaliated with left
hook to the head. Both missed' lefts for the
body and Yanger drove left to the body and
Hanlon sent In a hard right to the head. In
a fierce mix-up Hanlon- drove right and left
to the body and head, but Yanger fought back
hard and got in left and right to the head.
It was a fierce rally, with Hanlon having the
better of it. They mixed it again without
effect and Hanlon neatly blocked two rights
for the Jaw. In a mix-up Hanlon drove hla
right hard several times to the body and clev
er.y escaped returns. They went Into a mix
up and Hanlon succeeded in landing a half
dozen blows to the body and -finished the
round with a stiff right to the Jaw. He did
not escape, however. In the mix-up. Hanlon
showed a noticeable improvement over his pre
vious contest.
VICTOR AND VANQUISHED IN
' A SENSATIONAL TWENTY
; ROUND CONTEST. '
i .
and missed a left swing for the head. They
then came together in a clinch and quickly
separated. Yanger hooked a left to the ear
and put a light right to the stomach. Kddle
missed left Tor the head and put his right
to the kidneys. llanlon drove right and left
to the body and Yanger came back with right
and left lightly to 'the face. Hanlon has de
parted somewhat from his usual crouch. He
sent left and right to the . body and Yanger
straightened him him out with ,a right hook
to the head. Hanion- avoided two blows for
the head and sent his right and left hard to
the body. Yanger forced Eddie to a clinch
with a straight right to the hwid and followed
it with a left uppercut to the Jaw us the gong
rang. Both men fought cautiously, with hon
ors about even.
. Round 17.— They went into a clinch quickly.
Yanger tried left for face, but was short. He
evaded three rights for the jaw. Yanger tried
twice with left for the head and missed. Ha
tried it again without- success and then put a
right to the body. Hanlon followed It with
a right to the kidneys and Yanger put right
to the Jaw. They mixed it and the referee
separated them. Hanlon landed several light
rights to • the body and Yanger put straight
left to the Jaw. Hanlon then sent straight
REFEREE TAKES HAND.
Round 16 — Hanlon sailed In with left and
right to the Jaw and Yanger fought back and
put a hard right to the jaw. Hanlon appar
ently tired • after his efforts In the previous
round. Yanger seemed to have freshened and
fought back desperately. He kept his head
wonderfully and stalled and neatly blocked
Hanlon's onslaught. Yanger sent a right to
the bedy and fought back viciously. Hanlon
put right and left to the jaw and Yanger came
back with right to the body twice. Yanger
drove a right to the body and mixed It, avoiding
most of Hanlon'a blows. Hanlon put In some
good punches, but not with sufficient force to
do damage. Yanger freshened up considerably
In this round, while Eddie seemed to set tired.
DOWN \ SEVEN SECONDS.
Round 15— TJiey mixed it quickly without
effect. Yaneer was short with right for the
body and sent hla left to the face. In a rally
Hanlon caught Yanger fiush on the jaw with a
fearful right and dropped the Slasher. Yangei
was up in seven seconds -very groggy. Hanlon
rained blow upon blow upon the practically de
fenseless man, but could not get in a knockout.
The uproar was terrific. Yanger was helpless,
but had sen&e enough to evade Hanlon's
vicious rushes. Hanlon caught him again and
agiln on the jaw with rights and left on the
head, Jaw and face, but the Slasher gave an
exhibition of gameness seldom witnessed In a
prize ring. They fought along at this rate till
the gong rang which gave the Slasher time to
recuperate. Hanlon could not floor Yanger
after j the first knock-down, although Yanger
could scarcely fight back.
Round 14— They went Into a clinch. Both
tried right hooks for the body and then Han
lon put his right to the body twice and was
countered with four blows on the head and
Jaw. He foueht back hard, but Yanger was
cool and showed great cleverness. He neatly
evaded a right uppercut and sent a left to
Eddie's face. Eddie blocked a straight left for
the body ana a moment later Yanger drove
a terrific rlsht , to the wind. He followed it
4>vith two more to the same r>lace and Eddie
pent his left to the head. Yanger sent left
to th« face twice and Kddle worked his right
and left to the body. Yanger sent his left hard
to. the Jaw and Eddie slipped. He] was up
quickly and the gong rang. Yanger had all
the better of \ this round and took the smile
from Hanlon's/ face.
Up to this time the fight is comparatU-ely
even, with Hanlon having a possibly slight
lead.
Round 13— Hanlon nut his left to the body
and two light lefts to the face. Then Yanger
got his left twice to the head and they^llncheu
Hanlon bored in, but could not land. Yanger
put left twice to the face and Hanlon coun
tered with left hook to the Jaw. Yanger then
sent his right twice to the body and evaded
a return. Yanger mlseed a hard rljht for the
body and Eddie pent a stiff right to the Jaw
They mixed it. with Yanger sending his right
to the body. Eddie missed a terrific right for
the head and Yanger jabbed with left to rhe
face. Hanlon pent right and left to- the jaw
and the gone rang with Yanger sendine his
right to the head. Honors were even In this
lound.
HONORS ARE EVEN.
Hound 12 — They mixed It immediately and
Hanlon drove a right to the body with th#
force of a catapult. Yanger was* right there
and got his left to body. Eddie then sent his
left to the head and Yanger put hard right to
the body and jabbed with left to the face. Yan
ger shifted with his right and put It hard to
the body. Hanlon hooked left to the Jaw and
Yanger drove a hard right to the body. In a
mix-up he repeated the blow. Eddie slipped to
his knees and they shook hands good-naturedly
as he arose. They then exchanged lefts to the
jaw and want to a clinch. . Hanlon put right
to the kidneys and Yanger drove his left and
right hard to the body. Yanger then blocked
several vicious blows for the heart and at
the end of -the round Hanlon got his right to
the body. It was Yanger's round.
Round 11 — They played ineffectually with
right and left for the body. Hanlon caught
Yanger with right awing to the Jaw and they
again mixed it. Yanger received two good
lefts on the jaw and retaliated with two lefts
to the head. Yanger stabbed left to the face
and got his right and left to the body. He
overstepped himself, however, and Hanlon
bombarded his stomach with rights and lefts.
Hanlon swung hard right to the jaw and an
other right high on the body. They fought
desperately and Hanlon put three rights to the
body! Yanger was cool, however, and came
back with lefts to the Jaw. They fought at a
furious pace until the end of the round, with
the men landing many telling blows. Yanger's
generalship, however, stood him well In stead
and he showed no distress.' s
Round 10 — Hanlon was short with left for the
body. He chased Yanger to the ropes, but was
given a setback with straight left to the body.
Eddie put his right to the body and Yanger
sent a right and left to tne Head. The blows
did not feaze the Callfornian and he sailed in,
only to receive a straight right to the ribs.
Yanger stabbed Eddie three times with straight
lefts to the face and followed it with a right
hook to the Jaw. Yanger crossed with left to
the face and they clinched. Both exchanged
hard rights to the body and Yanger sent a hard
left to the jaw, for which he was countered
with right and left on the jaw. Yanger got
his right to the body and the bell rang with
the men engaged In a hot rally, from which
Hanlon emerged second best. Yanger showed
improvement In this round and had the better
of the argument.
BOTH FIGHT FIERCELY.
Round 9 — As usual they went to a clinch.
They mixed it at the ropes and Eddie landed
lightly with left on the face and Yanger put
right and left to the face. Hanlon put right
to the body and blocked several counters. Yan
ger drove a right to the ribs and Just grazed
Har.lon'n head with right for the Jaw. Han
lon appears to be the fresher of the two. In
a fierce rally Kddle put half a dozen' rights and
lefts to the body and a hard right to the jaw.
Yanger fought back fiercely, however, and
landed some good ones on the body and face.
Hanlon waded right in, determined to give
Yanger no rest, but did not succeed in landing.
Just previous to the bell they mixed It in the
center of the ring, with Hanlon having the
advantage. This was Hanlon's round.
HANSON LANDS OFTEN.
In return. , ; They fought I.ito a clinch and
then ; Yanger missed hard right uppercut for
the jaw. Hanlon drove his right hard on the
kidneys and as the gong tolled put a hard
right to the ribs. Both men displayed great
cleverness and blocked and ducked cleverly.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Golf ShirtSpecial
To stimulate the interest in shirts we shall continue the special sale
in our furnishinRs department for this week. We are selline some 75-
cent shirts for 40c.
. They are made of corded percale and madras, and though the
price be low, we can guarantee the colors to be fast. The patterns are
light and medium grounds with figures or stripes in harmonizing colors.
Cuffs attached or unattached: sizes 14 to 17; cut full size: can fit every
Out-of~town orders filled— write us.
740 Market Street.Each evening during the fair there will
be a varied entertainment. The Rev.
Thomas McSweeney, pastor of the church,
has taken a personal Interest In the suc
cess of the parishioners' efforts.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2D.— Selina Smith was
granted a divorce to-day by Judge Mel
vin from Jacob Smith, the hatter, on tha
ground of extreme cruelty. There ara
no children and claims for alimony were
\u25a0waived. .
Smiths Are Divorced.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.--A reception was*
tendered to the Rev. E. R. Dllle. pastor
of the First Methodist Church, and I. N.
Halliday. who was recently elected Sun
day-school superintendent, and their fam
ilies, this evening by the members of the
Ladies* Aid Society of the church. An In
formal programme, including several ad
dresses, was rendered In the lecture room
of the church. Many members of Dr.
Dille's congregation were present.
Greeting Extended to Dr. Dillo.
OAKLAND, SeDt. 29.— H. O. Beckley.
a ship's mate, wa3 struck by a falling
boom this afternoon near Hay & Wright's
shipyard and his back was seriously in
jured. He was removed to the Receiving:
Hospital and later to the German Hos
pital In San Francisco. In attempting to
aligiit from the narrow gauge train to
day T. Bradford, a painter, was thrown
to the ground and his face was cut. neces
sitating several stitches being taken at
the Receiving Hospital, where he went for
treatment.
Two Men Injured.
Floor — Sergeant M. H. Weed. Captain C.
L.. E. Wenk. R A. Dodson. First Lieutenant
R. Faneuf. Andy Everson. II. M. Howard. J.
W. Merchant. Roy Shay. L. Desemone.
Arrangements — Sergeant Mortimer II. Weed.
Sergeant M. Bock. F. Larmer, G. E. Hender
eon O. Meirecke.
Reception — First Sergeant C. H. Allen.
Second Lieutenant H. Htiber. J. E. Taylor.
Carl Wood. W. D. Russell. R. D. Holmes. O.
B. Frisbie.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— Dirlgro Company
No. 57. Uniform Rank. Knights of Pyth
ias, will give a ball on Friday evening.
October 2, at the company armory, corner
of Twelfth and Franklin streets. The fol
lowing committees have charge of the af
fair:
Uniform Bank Will Give Ball.
BERKEXBY, Sept. 29. — The sophomore class
met yesterday In North Mall and adopted reso
lutions binding the clasa to pay for all tho
damages done in the late ruah with the fresh
men and also the bills for medical attendance
for Frank C. McGinnis, whose eye was burned
by acid. Robert Roos. '04. has been, awarded
the first »rize offered by the Associated Stu
dents for the best, football sons. The yell
competition produced no good yells and ail
the contributions were rejected. The schedule
of football rallies has been announced as fol
lows: Thursday evening. October 15. fresh
man rally; Thursday. October 29. "pajama**
rally: Tuesday, November 10, ••ax" rally;
Thursday, November 12. the smoker.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
No person by the name of Stoddard or
Williamson Is known at the Harmony
Hotel, Brannan street.
Stoddard's sister has now told Geary
that her brother says that he was drunk
and remembers nothing about it. She also
says that Elizabeth Williamson has a
husband, who Is not divorced. They gave
their address as the Harmony Hotel, TZi
Brannan street, San Francisco.
Stoddard and Elizabejh Williamson
were married by Justice of the Peace
Geary on the 22d of this month at the
County Clerk's office. The groom was
melancholy and talked suicide. When
the ceremony was over he threatened to
end the whole affair by taking his own
life. When they applied for a license he
wanted to give the name of "Starten."
The bride-to-be objected to this and said
that she would not go on with the cere
mony 'unless it was done properly. He
then gave his right name.
Although they had asked to have a
Justice of the Peace summoned after the
license had been Issued, Stoddard changed
and wanted a minister to perform the
ceremony. She wanted the matter over
with as quickly as possible and finally
Geary refused to take any part In the
affair, as he said It looked too much Hko
coercion. They both then urged him to
do his part and were duly married.
According to a statement made to Jus
tice of the Peace Geary by a stater ot
Frank Stoddaxd. who was an unhappy
groom In a ceremony performed by tha
Judge a week ago, Elizabeth Williamson,
the bride, was already a married woman
and the role she played In the contract
was that of a bigamist- The Judge haa
been Interviewed by Stoddards sister with
a view toward finding out her brother's
status in the case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 29.
Frank Stoddard. Who Talked
Suicide at Wedding,
Only No. 2.
Melancholy Groom's Sis
ter Declares Sorrow
Well Grounded.
SAYS THE BRIDE
IS A BIGAMIST
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
OAKLAND. Sept. 29.— The following
marriage licenses were , issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George W. Tantau,
aged 29 years, San Francisco, and Annie
G. Hart, 26, Berkeley; Martin Devine, 38,
and Man' O. Malley. 28. both of Oak
land; Arthur W. Potter. 22, San Fran
cisco, and Luella C. Raleigh, over 18. Oak
land; Cheater F. Hamilton, 24, Morgan
Hill, and Mrs. Grace' McGIashan, 24, LJv
•rmore..
Marriage Licenses.
HEBREWS PREPARE TO
CELEBRATE YOM , KIPPUR
Elaborate Services in Observance of
the Holy Day of Atonement
Are Arranged.
OAKLAND. Sept. 2?.— The solemn Jew
ish festival of Yom Kippur, the day of
atonement, will be observed in the He
brew synagogues of this city, commencing
at sundown to-morrow evening, when the
•'Kol Nldre" will be celebrated.
Services at the First Hebrew Congrega
tion's synagogue will commence at 7
o'clock to-morrow evening, when a large
oho'r. augmented by an orchestra of seven
Ftringcd instruments, will render the spe
cial music. Rabbi M. Friedlander will
j>rr-ach, his topic being "How to Pray and
What to Pray For." At 9 o'clock Thurs
day morning the services will be opened
for the day. During the morning Rabbi
Friedlandrr will preach on "Reflections
on Immortality." A memorial service
will be held .it ll;30 o'clock In the morn
ing. In the afternoon Dr. Friedlander
will deliver a discourse on "The Highest
Rps-pqnsibilJtir-s or the Present." Choral
music at 6 o'clock will close the day's ser
vices. ,»
The worship at the Congregation Beth
Jacob, Harrison street, near Fourth, will
l>e according to the orthodox ritual.
Aged George Jones Wearing End.
OAKLAND. Sept 2!j— Tfco condition of
George Jones, the aged murderer, who
has been confined in the County Jail befe
for eighteen years, is such that it is not
bclicvod that he can last much longer.
His limbs have begun to swell, and Dr.
C. L. Tlsdale, the jail physician, eays the
end is near.
Long Wants His Share.
OAKLAND. Sept. 29.— Benjamin Long
ha» filed a suit for partition of' the es
tate left by James P. Damcron. The ac
tion is brought against John P. Damcron,
as executor, and twenty-nine other heirs.
The decased died In 1823 and left prop
arty in Berkeley in which Long has an
xuterest. f .
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— R. S. Shastine,
a non-union lineman, was set uppn by a
crowd of men yesterday and badly beaten.
A deep wound was inflicted in his chin, so
that he had to have It treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
The injured man was leaving the
Abrahamson building at Thirteenth and
Washington streets, where he had been
working, when he was set upon by the
crowd.
A man named Jason Coburn was ar
rested by the police and charged with
disturbing the peace. Shastine says Co
burn was not one of those who struck
him, so he will not be prosecuted. The
non-union lineman, however, has sworn
out warrants for tho arrest of George
and Tenney Sturm, brothers, charging
them with assault.
John A. Steele. a lineman in the employ
of the electric light company, was badly
battered up by E. J. Bush, a non-union
lineman, whom he had called a vile name.
Steele had Bush arrested on a charge of
battery. *
Wflllam Gardiner, Lionel Moreal and
Hugh Carpenter, non-union linemen, were
arrested on charges of battery and using
vulgar language.
R. S. Shastine Victim of a Crowd of
Angered Men — Many Wire
Stringers Arrested.
NON-UNION LINEMAN
:* SET UPON AND BEATEN
The rival managers and the- rival play
wrights decided to try London then. By
this time the rivalry had become pretty
keen and a good deal depended on which
play eot to London first, so "The First
Born" and "The Cat and the Cherub"
had a 3000-mile race across the Atlantic.
It was an excitinc trial of speed, with
the whole theatrical population looking
on. But "The Cat and the Cherub" sight
ed land first and it played to a London
audience an hour after its arrival while
"The First Born" was still struggling
with seasickness and the waves.
*' 'The Cat and the Cherub' stayed a
month at the Lyric Theater," said Mr.
Fernald in retelling the story of that ex
citing time. " 'The First Born' only stay
ed a week. I always think of that with
satisfaction.. The plays haven't been re
vived, for the simple rpason that audi
ences outside of California don't under
stand them. Everybody knows that."
Having lived some of his life in Japan,
Mr. Fernald felt equal to the task of
writing a Japanese drama, and so he
turned out "The Moonlight Blossom."
Miss Eleanor Calhoun, a talented Califor
nia girl who has since become a protege
of Mrs. Patrick Campbell, was the lead
ing lady in this play. She was coached
by the Japanese wife of Sir Edwin Ar
nold the poet. The play was In three
acts,' and at first was very successful,
but the ignorance of Londoners, or rathen
The inspiration for this metropolitan
campaign came from a promise of suc
cess for the Chinese drama, "The Cat
and the Cherub," that Mr. Fernald wrote.
The play was the dramatization cf Mr.
Fernald s book of that name. About thi3
time al! Ca'iforr.ia was talking about
Francis Powers' "The First Born," and
the Chinese drama was just the thing
then. "The Cat and the Cherub" "took."
too. and so' well that it was transported
East. "The First Born" was its travel
ing companion and both arrived In New
York at the same time. That city re
ceived both indifferently, simply because
the New Yorker is not in touch when it
comes to things Chinese.
"CAT" BEATS "FIRST BORN."
and child after a successful lit
erary invasion of the world's literary me
tropolis— London. The Fernalds left Cali
fornia five years ago. Mr. Fernald, as
sisted by his gifted wife, who was Miss
Josephine Harker cf Berkeley, wrote two
or three plays that stood the test of Lon
don criticism and gave the world stories
that will live.
BERKELEY. Sept. 20.— Chester B.
Fernald. the author, playwright
and critic, returned to his Berke
ley home to-day with his wife
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— A jury in Judge
Ellsworth's court acquitted Mrs. Mary
Bernard of San Leandro to-day of a
charge of disturbing the peace on appeal
to the Superior Court from Justice of the
Peace Black's court of that place.
When Mrs. Bernard appeared before
Black she demanded a jury, which he re
fused to allow her. He heard the evi
dence himself, found her guilty and sen
tenced her to pay a fine of $10. The Judg
ment was appealed from on the ground
that -she had a right to demand a Jury
trial. Judge Ellsworth decided that she
had, and in accordance with this deci
sion she was tried again to-day and ac
quitted.
Mary Bernard of San Leandro Ac
quitted in Case on Appeal From
Justice's Court.
SHE HAD A RIGHT TO
DEMAND JURY TRIAL
"Ruth Benson; his wife, has been play
ing dark skinned parts In plays and char
acter bits and she is successful, too. You
know they were members of the theat
rical troune that Mrs. Auzerals of San
Jose finarced and sent to Alaska. The
trip endod disastrously for everybody but
Holbrook Blinn and Ruth Benson, who
afterward married. They are living now
in St. Johns Wood, where all the actor
people of London have their pretty villas.
"We led a beautiful and agreeable life
in England and would have stayed, only
I was r.fmid if we remained too long
we would b*e led away from our own coun
try. That would never do, you know.
There are things there we haven't here
and there are things here they haven't
there, so it is good to travel around a
bit and get a taste of each. We are go
ing to stay here a while and then go to
Santa Barbara for a stay of two years
before returning to England. I hope to
finish before then a series of Irish sea
stories that I am now writing under the
title of 'Under the Jackstaff/ "
IRISH SEA STORIES.
"Holbrook Blinn Is about the most suc
cessful Californian I know of," said Mr.
FernaM. "He has become one of^the best
actors en the English stage. I have seen
him in Shakespearean plays in Manches
ter, where they put en plays with much
morp elaboration than they do even in
London. He was with Marlin Harvey in
'The Only Way' throughout a long run
and later with Olga Netncrsole In 'Sap
pho.' Now the George Edwards Company
is to present 'Mine. Sans Gene," which
has haw set to music, and Blinn has
been chosen to play Napoleon, the only
non-sinpir.g part. As Blinn makes up a
perfect Napoleon, I think he will be a
great success.
While in I»ondon the Fernalds met a
number of California people. Besides N.
Clifford Page and Eleanor Calhoun there
were Hoibrock B'.inn and his wife. Ruth
Benson, both of the actor set.
The nr.isic for both these plays, "The
Cat and the Cherub" and "The Moonlight
Hlossom," was written by N. Clifford
Page, formerly of Alameda, whose tal
ents as a 1 musician have raised him upon
a pedestal of fame. He is now associ
ated with Onoto Watano, the Japanese
playwright and musician.
Mr. Fernald"s last work was the adap
tation of "The Ghetto" for the English
stage. Not "The Ghetto" cf Zangwill,
but of Heljerman, a Dutch author. Mrs.
Brov.n Potter_ the American actress,
played the title* role in this the most suc
cessful of Mr. Fernald's efforts.
BLINN'S GREAT SUCCESS.
the lack of Londoners who were not igno
rant of the Oriental character, was fatal
to it at the end of a short run.
FAMOUS AUTHOR OF "THE CAT AND THE CHERUB," WHO HAS
RETURNED TO HIS HOME IN BERKELEY AFTER AN ABSENCE
OF FIVK YEARS SPENT IN LONDON.
A farewell reception wa# tendered last even
ir.p t^ Miss Farah Cal«. the retiring superin
tendent of nunw-s of Fabiola Hospital. The
parlors of the hospital were elaborately decn
ra'ed and at the conclusion of a musical pro
gramme titfht refreshments were served. On
the receiving committee were Ml**e* Graham,
Oarthwaif-. Johnston. Shepherd. Tlvinpton,
f-UlondCE, Hosely. Winter. Klvidge. Fowler.
Mafisen and Altnen. all of whim are Rraduate
nurses. Among the truest* present were Mr*.
McKlrath and Mrs. Hoyt. the Mi5(«<»s Jamison,
McElrath. Winter. Cooley. Radeliffe. Z°iRen
ban, Gerirke and Jones. Messr*. Merchant and
Fh!n£|e. Prs. Stone, Fester. Cole. Orr. Scho
fleldT Fearn fir.. McCIur*. Nicholson. Larker,
Rlre. Fmton, Hush. Fearn Jr. and wife. Lll
loncranz Fr., Chamberlain and wife. Holmes
an-5 r»r. and Mrs. n. L. Hill Jr.
Mr*. Willard Williamson was. the hosteFs
yesterday at a luncheon at her home on Eighth
ftreet, her ruest* being Mrs. Georpe E. de
Oolia. Mr». Georte Hammer, Mrs. Frank C.
Watson. Ml«5" Carrie Nicholson. Mrs. A. S.
Victor* of Alameda. Mr*. John Clay Hamnlnn,
Mrs. Charles Lovell. Mr*. Louise Ghirardelll.
Mn". Georsre Homeman, Mrs. H»*i:ry Rosenfeld
cf Fan Francisco and Mrs. Hugh McCall Web-
Eter.
Mr. and Mra. Dan Bflden. who have recently
moved Into their new home near th<» lake,
were surprised by a party or friend* last even
inir. in the party being the Misses Cordelia
Bishop. Bessie Palmer. Marian S-'mith. Grace
Sperry, 2>!ae Bardge, Mrs. Harry Farr; Harry
Fair, William KurRc-11. Edward Jackson, Ro
land Oliver, Lloyd Lacy and Harold Havens.
Miss Claire Oifhing pre«>i3ed over the lem
onade booth, assisted by Misses Veronica and
Mcnic& Lynch and Irene O'Connor.
All the attendants were attired in colonial
costume and the national colors were mingled
with riaJms and other creens in the decora
tions. An orchestra was stationed in the
large window of the front drawing-room.
There was also a. programme of voc-al and in
r^""mental »olos and recitations by Miss Agnes
;*i t _ian, in appropriate costume. Among the
j.r.rrs were Miss Alice Oregorjr. Miss Marga
re. .':.-..:•. and Joseph Kosborough.
On the reception conynltt'.-e wt?re MIfs Kalh
le«n Lynch, liise Mary Moran. Miss Kloanor
Pi IIMI 1. Miss Wafer. Miss Lottie Shea. Mi»s
i-arr.h IJegan, Miss Kiefendnrf. Miss Lucy
I>onovan, Miss Mary Hojtan. Misses May and
Hazel Hocan. Miss Eleanor Mann. Miss Tina
Mel*.na!d. Miff C. Blowitz, Miss Gill and Miss
Thyrza Klmmel.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23— The colonial Me
* hich was slven at the residence of Miss Mary
Oarr this evening by ht-r niece. Miss Kathleen
Lynch, was a really delightlul affair. It was
plumed for the benefit of the Sunday-school
library of old St. Mary's Church and the
u-arh- rs and friends of the children worked
with a will to make the affair a success. The
lawn in front of th* house was inc'oswj with
an awnir.g and brilliantly lighted with colored
lanterns. In a picturesque corner of the yard
a. cam:<fire glowed and there the Ftory tellers
kept the crowd amused. Lemonade and pop
corn were enjoyed by the - juvenile KittSts.
while tile "croi'n-ups" poutfht the coffee and
cakes served within door*.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
*'I did not use vulgar language in the
lodgeroom. I do not use vulgar language
at all. I am not that kind of a woman,
and I most emphatically object to hav
ing my character assailed in this man
ner."
These •who -acted as court and jury in
the trial were Attorney Hiram A. Lut
trell (chairman), Mrs. K. C. Voorhles. \V.
Tupper. Robert A. Lomai and Mrs. Mor
ris. President A. S. Ormsby acted as
prosecuting attorney and Attorney Rob
ert D. Wise appeared for the defendant.
The charge of having instigated Birch
to get out a \u25a0warrant for Hancock was
admitted by the defendant, but the charge
of having: used vulpar language in the
lodperorm brought forth a vigorous de
r.lal on her part. Her lawyer made stren
uous objection to the introduction of tes
timony on this charge, but his objections
were overruled. Mrs. <*arr became very
•rs^ry when the testimony- was given and
raid:
The trial was concluded with an argu
"ment from President Onnsby asking the
commute*- to find Mrs. Carr truiltv as
charged and that fhe be punished accord
ing to the rules of the lode.
One of the charges was that Mrs. Carr
had used vulgar language In the lodge
room. Other charges were giving pub
licity to lodge matters and urging E.
Kirch to swear to a warrant charging
W; J. Hancock, organizer of the lodge,
with embezzling £5 10 he "had collected for
due*.
Tl.e hearing of Mrs., Sadie E. Carr,
treasurer of the Fraternal Brotherhood,
charged with conduct unbecoming a mem
ber, was held last night in the office of
Attorney Hiram "Luttrell before a com
mittee of live appointed by the lodge for
ihat purpose.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 23.
Treasurer of the Fraternal
Brotherhood Is Given
Hearing
Admits Some Charges,
but Denies She Used
Vulgar Words.
MRS. CARR TRIED
BY LODGE COURT
ALAMEDA,' Sept. 29.— Funeral services
lor the late Thomas J. Duff were held
this morning 1 at St. Joseph's Church.
Beautiful floral, pieces were sent by the
United Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works, of which the deceased was cash
ier, and by friends. Members of the Oak
land Lodge of Elks and of Halcyon Par
lor, N. S4 G. W., accompanied the body
to the church. -: The pall bearers were H.
D. Lang, J. P. Hanson, T. C. Coughlin.
William Hammond Jr., Harry Hegelund
and . Edward Horwinskl. .'" The remains
were deposited temporarily in a vault in
St. Mary's Cemetery.
Last Rites for T. J., Duff.
Trustees Hire a Detective.
BERKELEY, Sept. 29.— The Town Trus
tees voted $100 last night to pay. for the
services of a detective, who will be com
missioned to ferret out the parties who
have lately been cutting wires and com
mitting: burglaries. The local police has
been unable to discover the' miscreants
and the people complain of an entire lack
of police protection.
Estimates on Tax Revenue.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— City Treasurer
Taylor estimates that the 1126 tax levy
rate adopted by ' the City Council, will
yield $635,394 30 in taxes for the current
fiscal year. \u25a0
The remains were taken to Oakland, but
were later claimed by Coroner' Curry and
removed to the Martinez Morgue. ,
In the clothing of the deceased was
found a membership card from the Walt
ers' Union of Stockton with the name
Adams upon it. In the clothing- was also
$8. The deceased was about 21 years of
age.
MARTINEZ, Sept. 29.— The dead body
of a youns man was found lying beside
the tracks of the Southern Pacific Rail
road near Pinole this morning. There
was a cut over the right eye that looked
as though it was made by a knife blade
and a scratch on one of the hands, but
nothing to indicate that the dead man
was struck bv a train.
Discovered Lying by Railroad Track
With No Evidence of Train
Having Struck Him.
MAN FOUND DEAD
WITH CUT OVER EYE
The setition defines the proposed mu
nicipal boundaries as identical with those
of the Richmond School District created
last spring. This would carry the city
limits north as far as Point San Pablo
and take in tho lighthouse on the Nar
rows. In this territory will be included
the Standard Oil Company's refinery, the
Belt Line Railway and a large tract of
valuable real estate. The Santa Fe Rail
road and the large tract of water front
land recently secured by the Southern Pa
cific Company will also come within the
city limits.
On the south the limits will extend to
the Alameda County line and on the east
they will include the Southern Pacific
Railroad's main line.* The petition desig
nates that the new city shall be called
Richmond. »~J'IV;v
A committee of fifty citizens has been
named by the Greater Richmond Improve
ment Club to go to Martinez Monday to
present arguments before the board fa
vorable to incorporation.
POINT RICHMOND, Sept. 29. -Two
hundred citizens have signed a petition
to be presented to the Contra Costa Coun
ty Board of Supervisors at Martinez next
Monday, asking that Point Richmond be
incorporated as a city of the fifth class.
The proposition is meeting with much
opposition on the part of the larger prop
erty Interests. The Santa Fe Railroad,
the Southern Pacific Railroad, the Stand
ard Oil Company and many of the largt
property holders are decidedly against the
incorporation. They will undoubtedly
combat the petition. '
Point Richmond People
Desire a City of
Fifth CJass.
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— The proposition
to bond the city in orj3er to obtain funds
for the purpose of repaving Telegraph
avenue is not looked upon with favor by
Mayor Olney, who holds that it would be
unjust to make the proposed Improve
ment a tax on the entire city, when the
property along the avenue is constantly
Increasing in value and the property own
ers would reap nearly all the benefit.
Regarding the contention of the prop
erty owners that the city, having accept
ed the street, was obliged to keep tt In
repair, the Mayor said that so far as he
had been able to learn, neither Telegraph
nor San Pablo avenues had ever been ac
cepted by the city.
In speaking of the proposed bond issue
Mayor Olney said:
I am satiafled that the citizens of this city
will never vote for bonds to pave one or even
three streets when they consider that the pave
ment will be worn out long before the bonds
become due. The average life of a pavement
Is . not more than fifteen years, and the pro
posed bonds run for forty years.
There is another reason why the property
owners will not vote for bonds to repave Tele
graph and San Pablo avenues, and that is that
property on those thoroughfares is rapidly in
creasing In value, and the owners of this prop
erty should pay for the Improvement, rather
than ask that the expense be shared by peo
ple In other parts of the city, where the In
crease In value Is less rapid.
' If the property owners on the avenue will
put in a substantial pavement and plant trees
to the Berkeley line, they will enhance the
value of the property ten-fold. They are only
Injuring themeelves by delaying these Improve
ments. ' .
for Improvement of Telegraph
Avenue.
SAYS PROPERTY OWNERS
SHOULD REPAVE STREETS
Mayor Olney Does Not Favor Bonds
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church in
East Oakland. Both bride and groom are
well known and the church was filled with
their many friends. The four ushers-
Lawrence Spangler. Paul McMullen. Car
rol Orton and Dr. J. F. O. McMath— led
the way to the altar and were followed
by the little ring bearers, Arthur Bou
terious and Gertrude Heath, the nephew
and niece of the bride. They were both
in white and carried between them a rib
bon on which was suspended the nuptial
circlet of gold.
Little Gladys Bouterioup, in white and
carrying a basket of smilax and pink
blossoms Was the flower girl and pre
ceded the' bridesmaids. Misses Ruth Beck
with and Mina Clark, who were attired
in pretty white organdie gowns and car
ried pink and white carnations.
The bride was given away by her broth
er, Emil Bouterious, and entered the
church leaning on his arm. Her gown
was of cream peau de sole, the yoke of
the bodice being outlined with a real lace
berthe which fell over a wide accordion
pleating of chiffon. A spray of orange
OAKLAND, Sept. 29.— The marriage
of Mips Bertha Bouterious and
Clarence H. Lancaster was sol
emnized this evening at the
OAKLAND. Sept. 29.— The ladies of St.
Francis de Sales parish have their plans
complete and everything In readiness for
the opening to-morrow night of their fair
at St. Francis da Sales Hall, Grove and
Jones streets. Many beautiful booths
have been erected in the spacious hall,
where much will be offered to woo the
dollars from willing pockets. For the
opening night a programme of literary
and musical numbers has been arranged.
Many Beautiful Booths Are Rich in
the Display of Attractive
Contents.
LADIES READY FOB
ST. FRANCIS FAIR
Mr. Lancaster is a native of Nevada,
coming to Oakland with his mother, Mrs.
E. L. Lancaster, about a year ago, since
which time he has been in the employ
of the Pierce Hardware Company. He
is a brother of William J. Lancaster, who
was married on the 8th inst. to Miss
Emma Orton.
blossoms held the veil In place and a
shower of white roses formed the bridal
bouquet.
The nuptial knot was tied by Professor
S. B. Randall of the California Baptist
College, an old friend of the bride and
her family.
A small reception at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. A. A. Bouterioua,
followed the church ceremony, about 100
guests having been invited to the house.
The decorations at the residence were
very artistic, the graceful bower of ferns
and pink lilies where the newly married
couple stood while receiving congratula
tions being particularly attractive.
Mr. and Mrs. Lancaster expect to re
main away on their wedding trip about
two weeks, after which they will reside
in Oakland. The bride is prominent in
musical circles, being a graduate of. the
department of " music at California Col
lege. She is both a vocalist and a pian
ist and has been for some time a mem
ber of the First Baptist Church choir.
POPULAR SOCIETY GIRL, OF OAKLAND. WHO BECAME A BRIDE
LAST NIGHT AT A WEDDING THAT WAS SOLEMNIZED IN THE
TENTH-AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH. t ,
CITIZENS WANT
TO INCORPORATE
Professor Ritter is to be the scientific
director of the institute. In explaining
the ne.eds of such an institute to the
people he said that the southern coast
is rich in marine life and a good field
for exploration. He urged the founding
of an institute that would prosecute its
researches continuously through salaried
investigators, like the astronomers, not
by individuals who come and go at will
and work according to their resources.
The members of the San D!ego associa
tion are all men of means and they are
expected to subscribe a fund large enough,
to bear Interest of $10,000 a year, which
amount it is estimated the institute will
cost annually. The officers of the asso
ciation are: President. Homer H. Peters;
vice president. Miss Ellen Scripps; scien
tific director. Professor W. E. Ritter: sec
retary. Dr. Fred Baker; treasurer. Julius
Wangenheim; directors, E. W. Scripps
and James Macllullen.
After the institute is founded and suffi
ciently endowed H will be transferred to
the University of California, so that it
may become a department of the univer
sity, co-ordinate with its already exist
ing departments.
The University of California is about
to receive a valuable gift from the citi
zens of San Diego, a marine biological
laboratory, fully equipped and endowed
with sufficient funds to keep a corps of
scientists at work all the time.
The determination of the San Diegans
to found such an institution Is the direct
result of the work of Professor W. E.
Rltter. the university zoologist, who spent
last summer on San Diego Bay and con
ducted the Hummer school there, the ex
penses of the enterprise being footed by
the people of San Diego. Now comes the
demand for a larger and permanent In
stitution from the Son Diegans them
selves, who are so interested In scientific
research that they are willing to sub
scribe tho money for the purpose of
founding it.
The San Diegans recently formed an
organization to be known as the Marine
Biological Association. Its purpose is
stated to found and endow the San
Diego Marine Biological Institution, the
objects of which, according to the pre
amble to the by-laws, will consist in
"carrying on a biological and hydro
graphic survey of the waters of the Pa
cific Ocean adjacent to the coast of
Southern California, to build and main
tain a public aquarium and museum and
to prosecute such other kindred" under
takings as may be deemed wise."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Sept. 29.
Wealthy Men Band Together
to Found Scientific
Institute.
to Give University
Laboratory.
Citizens of San Diego
PLAN TO BUILD
MARINE MUSEUM
Author, Playwright and Critic Will Spend More. Than
Two YeaTs in California and Will Write a Book of
Sea Tales Bearing the Title "Under the Jackstaff"
CHESTER FERNALD RETURNS
FROM TRIUMPHS IN ENGLAND
Unusually Pretty Ceremonies Make Happier the Wedding
of Miss Bertha Bouterious and Clarence H. Lancaster,
Which Is -Solemnized at Tenth- Avenue Baptist Church
TINY RING BEARERS CARRY
CIRCLE OF GOLD TO ALTAR
9
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
-j&l Anheuser-Busch
The wonderful progress
°-f tfu s Association is
shown by the following "
(^^^^^^ table of sales: •
8,000 Barrels sold in 1865.
18,000 Barrels sold in 1870.
, 131,035 Barrels sold in 1880.
702,075 Barrels sold in 1890.
939,768 Barrels sold in 1900.
1,109,315 Barrels sold in 1902.
Largest Brewery in the World
Order* promptly filled by
TILLMANN . & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributer*.\u25a0 The Ventura roes on the dock at Hunters
Point to-day. for. a thorough scraping, cleaning
and palntinz. - • o
Goes on Drydock.
Reinsurance List.
\u25a0k ckl n r*\mr j * .
The British ship Glfford. from Newcastle to
San Francisco (ashore) went on the Hat yes
terday at 7u per cent. The British steamer
Flnsbury, from Kobe to Yokohama, out seven
days, was also added to the list at 50 per
cent. The British ship Corolla. 121 day. from
Port Natal to Valparaiso, wa« also listed at
10 per cent. The rate on the Catherlna, 118
days from . Puget Sound td Delacroa Bay. was
raised yesterday, from 13 to 20 per cent. The
Loch Lone, now 153 days out from X«w Cale
donia to Clyde, remains at 85 per cent
> 7 . -''\u25a0'•': ' »_— : .
The German ship Industrie nrrlved last
night, 145 days from Genoa, and reports having
experienced a most tempestuous voyage. Cap
tain Schwegmann states that on June 25,
when off the river Platte. a terrific gale sprung
up which was almost a hurricane in Its vio
lence. It struck the ship with tremendous
fury and threw her about like a cockel shell,
tearing away the lower main topsail yards,
which fell with a great crash to the decks.
From July 12 to August 1 she experienced
a saccesslon of southwest gales and terrific
storms, accompanied by snow and lee, which
caused her to shift her carsro. Forty feet of
her starboard bulwarks were carrltd away,
her forward stanchions were smashed, one of
her boats was washed overboard, several of
her sails were blown away and finally. In the
height of the hurricane, she started her
decks. After the fury of the storm abated
she proceeded on her way and came to anchor
without further mishap. She brlr.R» a careo
valued at about 1200,000. consign.vj to W. R
Grace & Co.
Encounters Terrible Gales.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, IT. S N Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco Cal
September 28. 1903: '•
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wa.i dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. ln charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height* of High and Low
AVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FranrUco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE:— The high and low .waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the name at both places.
WEDNESDAY, SEPT. . 30.
Sun vises 6:04 a- m
Sunsets 8:57 p. m
Moon sets 0:2 4 a, in.
C ITImei ' ITlrael - (Time |T1me|
2 I Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
* [L. W| |H W (L. W \n W|
30 |< 0:51 0.7 8:03 4.7 1:25 2.D 7:10 4 6
. 1 jl::» 0.8 8:48 4.9 2:13 2.6 8:07 47
2 '2:20 0.8 9:22 5.0 2:55 22 8:59 48
3 3:05 0.0 0:55 B.I 3:33 1.9 0:45 4 8
4 3:40 1.0 10:24 6.2 4:08 1.6 10:28 49
5 4:15 1.2 10:S0 0.2 4:43 1.111:11 . 4 i>
6 4:4S| 1.3|M;15 S 5.3 6:20 0.8 11:66 6J0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given, In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth time column fives the last tides of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. September 29.
Btrer Vratnra, Haywarrt. 21 days 20 hours 44
minute* from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 20
hours 19 minutes.
Ftmr Pomona. Swarcson, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. 54 hours from
Victoria, etc.
Stmr Callfornlan. Barron. 83 hours from Ta
coma: put In to finish loading.
Ftmr Aberdeen, Daniels, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Etmr Mandnlay, Payne, 3S hours from Cres
cent City. • '
Stmr Hattle Gace, Morley, 20 days from
Pott Wrangell.
Stmr Centralla. Eriekson. 63 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Etmr Argo, Dunham. 24 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr Eureka. Jensen. 24 hours from Eureka.
U S stmr Marblchead, Phelps, C9 hours from
Bremerton.
U 8 etmr Concord, Perkins, C9 hours from
Bremerton.
Br ftmr Wyefleld. Watson, 88 hours from
Nanalxno.
Ger ship Industrie, Schwegmann, 145 days
from Genoa.
Fr Ehlp Socoa. Guyader, 154 days from Lon
don.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, 11 da>-« from Co
lumbia Hirer.
Schr Win F Gams, Peterson, 10 days from
Portland.
Schr Spokane, Jamleson, 8H day« from Port
Gamble. . \u25a0 S \u25a0''\u25a0'\u25a0/
CLEARED.
Tuesday. September 29.
Stmr China. Friele. Hongkong, etc; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
fitror Coos Bay, N'lcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamc>1p Co.
Oer ehlp Slam, Garllch. Queenetown; Glrvln
& Eyre.
Br «hlp Pericles, Henderson, London: John
Weetrope & Co.
Fr bark Marguerite Mollnos, Flcheux,
Queenstown; G W McNear.
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 29.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Sigrnal. Bendegard. (Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Ix-larid, Santa Cruz;
Stmr Mandalay, Payne. San Pedro.
Stmr Chai Nelson, Gunderson, Astoria
Etmr China; Friele, Honolulu, Yokohama and
Hongkong.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, Moss Landing.
Stmr Ontralla, Erlckson, Iledondo. ' "
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Fiehcrmtne Bay.
Etmr Honiara, Ilellly, Seattle.
Shipping Intelligence.
NET7S OP THE OCEA2T.
Matters of Interest to "Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« British ehip Loch Torrldon Is chartered
for wheat to Llveroool or London at 15« Gd.
with option of general merchandise at 16s 3d'
The barkentlne Irmgard returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
Three Grain Clearances.
The British bark Pericles was cleared yes
terday for London, Enrland. with 4S.C12 ctls
barley, valued at fCO.TCS, ar.d 1»1,000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $20 >.
The French bark Marguerite Mollnos was
cleared yestftrfiay for Queehstown for orders
with 4C.r.32 cUs barley, valued at $51 000 and
10.080 ctls wheat, valued at $14,100. Tho bark
also hsd 21,000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued
ft *-<3.i.
The German ehlp Kiam. which cleared for the
rame port, had M.222 ctls barley, valued at
JCl.r!6G; 4C20 ctls wheat, valued at J.-JC2R. .and
17.O0O feet lumber dunnaee. valued et $255.
Exports for the North.
The steamer Queen, which tailed on Monday
for Victoria, carried earro ccnsitmed to the
port of destination and the principal British Co
lumbian ports valued at $.TJ,191. The carpo in
cluded the following produce and merchandise
1GS3 pkes fresh fruit. lc.C.cer, lbs dried fruit'
lO.Jjft lbs raisins. 334 pals wtne. 53 pkgs fre«h
vejetables. 30 pk*s pa«e. T.T'J lbs 1 en cheese.
28.0 .bs l>e&ns. 11 pk*s groceriej. and ptorlstaBa
2 n, earned «oods. 1120 ibK codfti»h. 15 c« ami
and ammunition. 10 ca liquors. 8 pkss dry
yoodi^lCTi lbs rnffee, 4S rkgs points and oils.
Are Now Uninsurable.
The British ship Arlstiden, 124 days out from
Caleta Buena to San Francisco, and the British
Fteamer Laurel Branch, thirty-seven days out
from Coronal to Punta Arena, have been re
i moved from the. reinsurance list os unlnsur
: able.
The City of Puebta arrived yesterday. Sh»
Urought a full cargo and a big crowii of pas
sengers. Many of the passengers had to be
content to sleep In the rllnlnr saloon and In
the social hall.
Brings Crowd of passengerc
The United States cruiser &farblchead, C«r«
tain Phelrs, jind the Unite* State* irunboat
Concord, Captain Ferilns, arrived yesterday,
each sixty-nine hours from Bremerton. They
came to anchor off Broadway dock. Tt la
probable that Admiral Glass will {ransfsr hla
flag from the Boston to the il»rble»-ead to
day.
Warship* Arriv«.
TO ARRIVE. _
Ster.r-«r. TYom. | !•;*.
Hero Oyster Harbor »ept. 30
City 1'aia N*ew VorJc via P.ijnmfi Sort. 30
Curacao .... Mexican Ports Sept. 30
Ban r#dro 1 Jumbo kit Oct. 1
Del ?«ort# Crescent City Oct. 1
Santa Monica. San Petiro Oct. 1
Santa Host... San Diego * Way Pts. Oct. J
Tolnt Arena.. Mendoclno & Pi. Arena Oct. 1
Chlco Coqutlle River !Oct. X
ltonlta Newport & Way Port.«.IOct. &
n. Dollar Sail Pedro .: |Oct. 1
I Corona Humb.olctt (Oct. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.. . .(Oct. U
Redondo Pan Pedro Oct.' 3
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Oct. , 4
Umatllla Pucet Sound Ports Oct. A
Arab Hakodate Oct. 4
Eureka i Humbold; Oct. 4<
Edith I Seattle Oct. 4 |
San aiateo Tacoma Oct. 4
Nevadan Honolulu jOct. 5
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 5
Coos Bay '- San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 5
Arlzonun N. Y. via Pt. Los. Ang: Oct. a
Nippon Mara. China & Japan Oct. S
Czarina Coos Bay Oct. 5
M. Dollar San Pedro Oct. 5 i
Pomona Humboldt ..Oct. 5;
Arcata Cors Hay * Pt. Orford. Oct. «
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 6i
Newburg Grays Harbor Oct. G
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Oct. 0
J. Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma |Oct. «S
Fan Jose New York via Panama. |Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ..[Oct. 7
Queen Pueet Sound Ports . 'Oct. »
TO SAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
September :to.
Centralla Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10-
Mlnne tonka New York direct Pier 23
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
Iaqua Humbuldt 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. U am Pier 1U
October 1.
Arcata Coos R & Pt.Orford 10 am Pier IS
Eureka Humboldt I 9 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier it
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. D am Pier 19
S.Monica.. <JrayF Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
Nebnykan. Honolulu v. Put. S. 3 pmlPier 2:t
Argo Eel Hiver Ports i t'lnlPier 2
October '2. ,
X. Fork Humboldt 12 m|Pler 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 i.m Pier 10
October ."I.
Pun Pedro.. Humboldt .v 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Ar?na 4 pmlPier 2;
Chlco Coqulllfl Uiver C, pmlPier 2;
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mjPlcr 40
City Puebla PuRet Sound Ports. 11 am | Pier 0
Centennial.. Seattle * Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
October 4.
S. Ro»a . fan Pleiso & Way. fi am Pier 19 i
Corona Humboldt 1 ::»0 p Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier 1C '
October IS.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 7.
Doric. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao ' Mexican Ports 10 nm Pier 11
S.Portland. Astoria &. Portland 1 pm Pier 2
October M.
Ventura Svndey & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Pupet Sound Ports. 11 arr.iPier 9
October O. I
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Al-Ki : . . . Rkasway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
.Teanlc. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 'i
Senator Nome '. Oct. 3
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.... Oct. "3
Dolphin Skacway & Way Ports.jOct. (5
Bertha Vaklez & Way Ports.. Oct. 7
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Orepon Nome*...... 'Oct 10
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. lOct. 13
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Oct. 16
The tteamer China sailed yesterday }3r
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama with a
reneral merchandise carco valued at f2S9,573.
exclusive of trrasure. and distributed as fol
lows: Fcr Japan, $33,78S: China. $230,401;
Philippine Islands. $C5<!8; East Indies. $."5179;
Korea. $2060; Vladivostok, $36C; Cairo, Egypt,
$181. The leading exports were as follows:
To Japan — 1C75 bbls flour, 21B6 gals wine. 750
lbs hops. 1CO0 lbs salt, lt>20 lbs 2 cs hams and
bacon. 20,204 lbs sufrar. 98 cs canned goods,
150 pkgs groceries and provisions, 2145 lbs
cheff-e. Mo lbs codfish, 1CSO lbs lard. 15 pkgs
fresh fruits, 20 cs whisky. 2800 lbs raisins", 187.1
lbs coffee. 3CO lbs 3 cs bread. :*8« lbs beans,
1CSS lbs meals, 70S lbs chocolate. 735 lbs dried
fruit, 11M lbs nuts. 6 cs C pkps ralmon, 20 cs
cartridges. 05 rolls 2 bdls leather. 20 pkgs bi
cycle* and pundries, 19 pkgs drugs, 23 pkgs
electrical pupplie*. 100 flasks quicksilver. 12
rkjrs machinery. 2 pk*s dry goods, 75 bxs soap.
To China— 13.3S6 bbls flour, 1043 gals wlno.
23,543 lbs ham and bacon, 570 pkgs fresh
fruits. 11.760 lbs sugar. 950 csks bottled beer,
1C52 lbs chocolate. 3000 lbs pearl barley. 2197
cs canned goods. 117C lbs 6 cs bread. 227 pkgs
KTOceries and provisions. 21,045 Ibn dried fruit.
1626 lbs 2 pkgs raisins. 3P4 pkss potatoes 3910
lbs hops. 1C07 lbs nuts. 71(5 lbs 4 bxs butter
12.415 lbs 109 pkga millstuffs, 02 bales hay T
cs candy. 16.545 lbs dried fish. 1220 lbs lard 109
cs whisky. 6721 lbs ginseng. 7S»9 lbs 8 cs
cheese. C240 lbe 1 cs codfifh. 34.112 lbs beans
27 pkga paste. 10 pkgs onions. 21.S2.1 lbs cof
fee, HO cs baking powder. 3 cs honey. 1028 hales
cotton domestics, 1CC0 flasks quicksilver, 10
rolls 1 cs leather, fi pkgs dry goods, 3843 lbs
starch. 20 cs cartridges. 13 pkgs drugs, 220
coils ror>e, 40 bxn candles, 47 bdls wire, 4020
lbs 2 cs tobacco, 1 pkg machinery. 101 cs scw
lnp machines. 3 cs boots and shoes.
To Philippine Island? — fiOO cs canned goods
12 pkgs drugs and sundries. Cf>0 lbs nitrate of
eoda, 94 cs paints, 9 pkgs machinery.
To Eest^ndlew— 94!>7 lbs hops. 395 cs assort<vj
canned goods, KW gals wine. 19 cs honey. 2C0
cs canned salmon, 4 cs cereals, 1 bdl brooms
5 cs turpentine, lfcs groceries.
To Kcrea— liro lbs sugar. 15 bbls flour, 24 cs
canned poods. 30 nkes groceries and provision*
S?5 lbs l.utter, <fi."» Ihs dried fruit, 2 pk« nn-
Icns. 3 rk£s dry good*. 1 cs ohoes, G reels wire.
2 fr (toap. 1 pke m-wlnr machlres.
To Vladivostok — 5125 lbs dried fruit. 2 ca
typewriters.
To Cairo, Egypt— 21 cs canned fruit, 1 en gro
ceries.
merchandise ior cie Orient.
The S>«.rk Andrew TT«lch sailed yerteraay for
Honolulu with an assorte." merchandise cargo
valaed at $.";o,14l and including the followlngr:
§0 tSl* JSour, 2CoS ctls barley, 2S ctls Wheat,
ifO.358 i- b* tran, 2S.T0 its xneale, 2C27 bales hay,
>.j3 ctls corn, JS.rfil Ifts jniddlinja. 8il ctls oats,
iO,?I,> lbs %aU, 1S.3T? lfcs soda, PC55 lbs taass,
63^ 'Ijr 2,.eaS, "4*8 lbs tobacco. H2ta ffals 10 c«
•wine, i-00 rtkn bee?. 33 cs liguors. 115 cs 150
IfSlS *'hlsks-, 2520 lbs coffee. ;{«»0 pkps grocetle*
tnd i-rovislcns, i048 jtals vinejrar, 422 cs canned
koo(25. SO" lbr hope, 6 crt» paste. So cs salmon.
2O3.S11 lbs f«*tlli?e?. AC bb!s ?lart?r. i\ pkjis
uulldi^jE vnaii-rlal 9? Mces ialllwcrk, S pkgn
sewlnp machine*. 525 bxr soap, 55 coll* rop«\
J30 pl^B lead. ??f) ;Vo-s paints and oils. 0 pk^s
rnarhlnerj'. 5 bales hese, 1000 pc« sewer pip«-,
1.1.WO lb^ Jirlmp Fhrlls, 09W gnl. dlstlllato. 25
barii 1 bdls iron. ?-U tubes. t020 posts, 5 c,«' Hiso,
COO Ibi seed. 25,000 bricks, i corps chickens.
A Cargo tsr Honolulu.
Kovi n:cnts cf Stsantis.
Captain James Brown, of the treaaurt
huntlnp schooner Hermann, was «•!«
fhargtd yesterday afternoon by United
States Court Commissioner Ileacock after
an examination on the charge of a Maul U
in*; his Japanese steward. K. Khtlshima.
on the high aoas. The evidence showed
that the captain, who Is 72 y*ars old,
ha»i not used undue forc« Ja disciplining
the siewarU.
Captain. Brown Acquitted.
CRUISER MAXBUinVKD AND
GUNBOAT CONCORD ENTER
ING HAI.BOIi.
8 M'e leather, 8 puts electrical nrr'.lfi, 17
bare ?* pkp» Iron. 26J« pigs lead. !S»Mb« «n»«l.
Ciec Ifcs chocolate. 850 lbs trreast, 102 pkfl*
ma* hlaerj'-
T>>e steamer also carried 17 cs cigars, v*!jt6
«,; iitiri. en route to I>»peon.
WASHINGTON, September 2». — The
Navy Department Is advised of th© de
parture last evening from Pensacola of
the, gunboat Nashville for St. Andrews
Island, off the coast of Nicaragua, where
American dtirens have suffered Ill-treat
ment at the hands cf their native em
ployers. Commander Hubbard, command-
Ing the Nashville, has Instructions to In
stltut» a thorough Investigation and take
proper steps for the protection cf the
sufferers.
Coast Survey chertJ. <«cept when • mlnu» (— )
»'ru precede* the helfcht. unJ then the number
»lvf.n li mttracted- from the tfepth nlva >.y
the charts. The piano of reference Is the rr.ear*
of the lof.rr low waters.
Sails for St. Andrews Island.
For Nagasaki— Rev. R. K. 3row~, and trrfW
For ShanshaJ— Mrs. D. Davenport B Fair
F. H LJtton and wife. Dr. S. C. Rljnhart. A.
L Shelton and wife. Rev. J. E. Schoeniaker
and wife. Mrs. Ethel Thompson.
For Honskong— Huro Bartholmae. Jameo
Bartholmae, A. E. Brown. Miss E B. Carpen
ter. D. T. CTicmcEt Mies I. Crawford Mi«s
Laura Cuitj-. C. li. Dewey. w O Farey
weather and wife. MIes B. Fareyweather Mi^s
MM. Furler. Mrs. A. M. Gade. A. H. # Glas
cock and wife, Theodore Hsrbeck P M Ham
L,. M. Hopkins, Mrs. A. P. HudEon, Miss f'
Johnson. A, E.' K.-u-^rr Rev. W J Leve-ett'
L.. Llebert aad wife. MIm S. a. Lon*. L." H
Loghran. Mlta LlUtaa Marks C. C Mead C
8. McCa*key. H. D. McCaakey W H ' K*
Moyer. C. J. Nltbahr. Rev. 8. B Partridjr-'
U. Richard* and wife. Mrs C. Robson J e'
Rooney. Francis Shepard. Miss A. H. Skinner"
G. H. Sweeney and wife. Miss G. C Sellner'
William Thompson and William Wheatlev '
Bhe appeer^S lh. Qne triau afles? &er over=
hauling s~'£ was a* *m&n S3S © whistU
from stem «,^r> stern. Sf.-s carded S33'cabir t
paoeengers 203 Ctjflgttse 2n tite steer
ege. She (,ad S600 to.,i of frel^t. of
which i500 tons tyaa &%&. Owing 8o her
limited accommcgj.itio.'i *^or 6teorag«
eengere she was to refuse a.bout
eerenty-flve Chinese, WJv had gathered
en the dock and who c^a>'isr*d and ges
tlculatec* \u25a0 -ildly when "ihej^ (?iund toere
was no TjC: jtor them.
rrJ 3 f>e foll-nvlng -cabla pas
erneers:
For Honolulu— J. %. Cmr.tflfil, J. ?• CooKe
Mra. R. E. Dexter. A. Fr:»# MIes A. B. h,
Harrar. Mr». Ed. Kaeter. W. C. Lyos,
iir c >,^^ Mlss Or£n -.»* J- -yon. &**•
Y- S V. yon - "*- s - W. A. Pur-
Cy. Mrs. \\ . Thooirson & Tout A (9 Wllcc?
wife and two children', ff J*. b. 'villiams.
For Yokohama, — licv. «3 Yi'. Brl-'es, v.-i r 'i
and child. Mrs. rttu Bluni Erich Cicse W
von der Heyden. Miss *). fc~. Johnson, f. A.
Klttlneer. Mlsa ilabel Lee. S . .'Jtchfleld.
Rev. M. B. Madden, -rife craft three c:hildr >ti.
Miss M. E. Marden, Llrutenant Ji IT I
Ryan. A- H. ;>chefe:-. • '
Kl.-kwcod. ?>cy. a W. r.oone Rex. S. S
Moore, vrl^ anC Uirc-o children. Dr •.! V
a LS3£- :ieV ' °- a OWeD - Wlfe '* 1 " d
'j pany'* C&?Qa sall*& ftp
! Hong1cc»-is <S9a Hec&slulu and Totea
*'-** &CP'< yestcrsQ&y g.a I o'clock. A
cS&zG of i- Vi*t '-U'. people vsers
bled on Qhg «!oc« to witness her d«ptF=
tare.
Park Tidal Wave. StoHar-ye. Eureka.
l'ark Andrew Welch. Drew. Honolulu.
Scr.r Jae H Fr i~e, Rwanaon, Qrara Harbor.
Schr Alice Cooko, Penhallow, Port tmr.itle.
Bchr Lily. Botteer, Virpqua.
Srhr Newark, Relnerteea. Stewart* PJUt
Schr BoreaJls. Samuelson, Brays Harbor, In
tow of atirtr Chas Nelson.
EPOKEN.
Auk 20. lat ?0 8. Ion 32 W. Fr bark Gene
v!ev« Mollnce, from Hull, for fan Francisco.
Per Ger ehtp Industrie— June 21, iat 24 44 b.
Ion r» 24 W. Fr ship showing" letters It U K
r>. bound to Santa Rosalia,
TELEGRAPHIC.
roiVT LOBOS, Bert », X» p m— Weather
clouly; wjnd. SW. velocity 12 mllee per hour.
DOME8TIC PORTS.
VENTirilA— Arrived Sept »— fitir.r Whlttler.
with bktn rullerton and tarce Banta 1sj'» In
tow, from Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Arrived Beft 2>— Sttr.r Eouth
Portland, lence S«pt 25.
FORT im\rJO— Sailed But S>-£l.v.r Noyo.
f\.r Cleone.
Arrived f>jt STl— Etmr National City, hence
Bert 5*.
EUiiEKA— A«iv«a Scrt ro — Schr Cotnr«»r,
from Pan DJe«o; »tmr Corona, fctnee Sen 2<);
Br bark Annasona, hfnee S«pt 0.
Balled Sejt 2»— Schr Azalea, for San r»2ro:
•1rmr Navarro, for 8aa Francisco.
TATOOSH— ras»ed In Sect ?» — Ger »tmr
TTariln, hence Sept 2*. for Nanalmo; 8tnir J«»
Collar, hence Sejt 20. for Seattle.
Pawed out Kept 29— Schr William NottJr.t
hani. from Fiilrhavtn, for Saa Pedro.
Passed, in Sept 2ft— Stmr San Mateo. her.ee
flept 20, for Tacoma.
WRT TOWNSENt>— Arrived Sept 29 — Bktn
A mm. n, from Honolulu; Br ship Crown ot
England, hence Sept 7.
Aiilvrrl Pep< i%— sehr Tlefotute, from JMono
lulu; schr Robert f-earles. trom Haiphong.
Passed in Sept 39— Bktn Amajon. frota
Honolulu: Br etmr Nins Chow, from Victoria,
U C, for Seattle; atmr Robert Dollar, from San
Pedro, for Seattle.
T»a*»cd out Sept 2» — Bktn J M Griffltft, fdr
San Pedro.
Palled Seri 29— iir Wrk Dovehby, trom
Olympla. for Chile.
POUT HADLOCK— bailed Pept 29— B*tn 3
iS GrlfSth. for Kan Francisco,
CASPAit— Arrived Sept 28— Stnu SamOvv,
Iience Sept "S. • : \u25a0
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Sept 29— Stnu
Marshfield, from Union.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Edith,
hence Sept 24; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Sept 24. o
Sailed Sept 28 — Stmr Roanoke, for Nome.
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Dtrigo. for Skagiray.
HUEN'EME— Passed S*pt 29 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Franciaio. from Guaymas.
BALLARD — Sailed Sept 29 — Schr Stlmson.
for Kan Pedro.
POUT WRAXGELL— Sailed Sept 10— Ship
Llewellyn J Morse, for San Francisco.
MAUSHFIELD— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Pren
tlss, for Portland. Or.
Arrived Sept 12t — Stmr Czarina, hence 27th.
KAN DIEGO — Sailed Sept 29 — Nor etmr Tlta.
nla, for Nanntmo.
CLEOXE— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Xoyo, for
Port Los AnReles.
WESTPORT— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
ABEHDEEN — Arrived S»pt 2fl — Stmrs New
burp and G C Lindauer, hence Sept 2fl.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 28— Schr VTm
Bowden. for Sydney.
MEN DOCINO— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Pasa
dena, for San Pf-dro.
SAN' PEDRO— Sailed Sept 2S — Schr Salvator,
for Grays Harbor; schr Excelsior, for Wlllapa
Harbor. Sept 20 — Slmr Greenwood, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 20— Jap etmr Nip
pon Mini, fcr San Francisco. Sept 28 — Ship
Marlon Chilcott. for Santa Barbara.
EASTERN PORT.
CAPE HENRY— Pawed out Sept 27— Ship
Clarence S Bemertt, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. "> . \u25a0
LIVERPOOLi — Sailed Sept 19 — Br stmr Oan
fa, for Victoria, via I'enanu, etc.
EAST LONUOX— Sailed Aug 29— Br ship
Glenpsslln, for Oregon.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Sept 12— Ger stmr Se
eoFtrlr. for Hamburg. \u25a0
MELBOURNE— Arrived Sept 29— Bark St
Jarres. from Port Townsend.
NAGASAKI — Sailed Sept 22 — U S stmr
Sheridan, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Sept 12— Br ship
Ardnaniurchan. from Port Blakeley.
COKINTO— Arrived Sept 28— Ger stmr Ni
caria. from HamburR. for San Francisco
SAN JGSE Oi; GUATEMALA — To sail Oct
1—^Ger Etmr Nlcarla, for San Francisco
VICTORIA, B C— Arrived Sept 29— Ger stmr
Uardu, hence Sept 2ti.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed prior to Sept 29— Stmr
Indrasamha. for Portland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST MICHAELS — Arrived Sept 29 — Stmr Van
couver, from Genoa, for Bcnton.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Ultonia,
for Boston, via Qufenstov.n. [> \
LONDON— Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Lancas
trian, from Boston.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Main,
from Bremen.
Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Kaiser Wilhe,lm der
GroMse, for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg, stmr Carpathia, for Liverpool; etmr
Sardinia, for Naples and Genoa; stmr Vic
torian, for Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Sept 29— Stmr Graf
Waidersee.-from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded.
The Supreme Court yesterday granted
an alternative writ of habeaa corpus in
favor of Walter N. Dlramick, who li con
fined at Ban Quentin for having robbed
and defrauded the Government while on
duty at the local branch of tbe Mint. He
was sentenced October 15, 1901. on the
Irst charge to tvro years' Imprisonment.
He served part cut the time at the Ala
n-.eda County .VI! and has been at toe
penitentiary since April 13 of this
year. Ula counsel claims that the pris
oner is entitled to credits and the Su
preme Court has decided to hear argu
ments in the case next Monday morning
at 10 o'clock.
Dtmmlck Wants Credit*.
WASHINGTON. Sext, 29.— Pr. >V. U.
Wiley, cntil of the Iiur.au of Chtmlstr}-.
nattd today that of 205- canoes of Ira
rorted food Inspected by his bureau slrue
the law authorizing the exclus'nn i.f im
pure *oo<Js went Into effect en Ju!y 1
last, twenty sarrplcs, cr li per «-ent. ha3
tfen found to come within the law's in
hibition ar.d ba<l been condemned. Off
these twtnty sarrples. nve were RMr.e
wine and cortalrtd saMcyHc acl-2; two
wMto wine tior.ta5r.Irg. sulphuric acli;
f uur olive oil contaitlig cottonseed b!l
and being rcisbranded; throe Frankfur
ter sausages containing preservatives in
jurious to tre benlth; four canned Vf-ge
taVles covered wih Ier.il tors in con
tact with the food; one vinegar, which
wpb mis-branded aid mail* cf distilled al
cohol, avJ one of colorir.fi matter for
foods in which real tar dvo3 were used.
Of the remaining Ih5 cargoes, 167 have
been released ari<i eighteen are still un
der examination. The owr.trs of some
ff tbe condemned goods have asked for
time to present additional proof of purity
and it has been granted.
Professor George F. Colby cf the Uni
versity of California, well known un I a
chemist, has been appointed by the Sec
retary of Agriculture to make examina
tion of foreign food products received at
Pacific Coast ports. The purpose of the
appointment Is to avoid the expenditures
of shipping goods across the continent fur
Inspection.
Captain John Metcalfe, the local repre
eer.tatlve cf the Lloyds of London, re
ceived word yesterday from the firm to
continence work on the ship. Already thu
task or getting together the rigging r.ec
eseary to remove the vessel has com
menced. The gear will be shipped out to
the scene of the wreck thin morning and
the wrecking crew will commence Its la
bors
An attempt will b« made to save the
coal now en board the wrecked vosstl.
It wiU be dumped on the shore side
if the Glfford and when she la freed frorv
her perilous posltloX. on the rock, an at
tempt will be made to bring the coal
ashore. ' J
The ship is safe a* lorg as the calm
weather continues, -but as soon as tbe sea
becomes at all rough the chances of sav
lr.g her will become lessened. Yesterday
the Glfford was added to the list of over
dues and placed on the reinsurance list
at 75 per cent.
... .. . , . , . ., .
The' Erltlsh jhlp GiCfor>3. r.ow fast en
the beach near Muesel'jlock, rcay t«
afloat within the next few days. The
work <f gtttlrg the vessel eft the rocks
wilt fce commenced thU morning a.nd If
ever} thing goes satisfactorily the ship
will probably be afloat by Saturday.
Government- Export Reports
on Work of ths Bureau
Ten Per Cent of Becect
Cargoes Found to
Belmpuro,
Captain .Metcalfe Receives
Word to Attempt to
'' \ Save Vessel. £;>S
Work of Raising GifTord
Will Be Commenced
at Onca
IMPORTED FOODS
ARE CONDEMNED
STRANDED SHIP
MAY BE FLOATED
STEAMSHIP CHINA RE-ENTERS ACTIVE
SERVICE AND SAILS FOR THE ORIENT
THE SAN FB AN CISCO GAIL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30; 1903.
10
CALIFORNU N0STBWESTE8N IT. CO.
I SAN FRANCISCO AND flUBTH PACIFIC
UAH. WAT COU9AMT,
Tlbarai Tarrjr. Toot of Kaxkat M>
BAM >M»CT1OO TO BAM BAVASS.
WEEK DATB-7.S0. 9:00. 11:00 a. n : U:<S.
S:39, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Tbandara— Extra trip
at 11:30 cm.
Baturclara — F.xtra trip at l:5O and 11 :V» p. nt.
SUNDAYS— •:0m. «:$O. U:OO a. ra ; 1:90. »:tO.
6:00, 6:39. ll:S0 p. m.
BAM ltaTasfli «O BAM TMAMCXMOQ.
WEEK VAYB-4.W. 7:S9. 7:80k •:*>. 11:15
a. ra.: U.t-3, SAO, 8:00. 0:20 p. a.
faturdars— Extra trip a* 3:00 and 61J p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. »:4O. 11:18 a. BL: 1*0, f:«O.
4:M. 6:08. 0:88 p. m.
1>»ts I In Effect I Arrlr»
taw Fraacteco.1 Btgt. 37. 1308. ||3an rrancUco.
W i Bun- I Dcttlna* I Sua- I WmI
Pays. I days. | Uon. | day, f Para.
7:30a 9:00a |«:10ajS:«>a
0:30 a Igsacta. !lO:«Oa 19:20 a
3:30 p 8:30 p !«:08p •:»»
B:10p 8:00 p | T:S8p»
."7:30ai »:10a t:4Oa
8:00 a Korato, 10:40 a 10:39 a
S:30p tt:30a Fetaluir.a «:0«p «:20p
8:10 p 3:30 p and T:S8 p
8:00 p Pania Roaa.
";:30a j |10:*»al0*»a
j fl:Or«a ra'tca. [7:3Sp «:29p
»:33p 3:30 gl > __^__^
I Windsor.
t.iOa «:COa| HraldAurt, 10:«OalO:2ta
I Lytton,
3:30 r 3:«0p] C»«servill». | T:85p «:3<H
I Clovtrdale. }
"?:3n»| «:0ria| Itoplana |l» V> «!10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| ml CUaA. | 7:35 y| 6:2Op
"::30 a| «:COa| Its. | 7:35 p| «:30p
' 1 :30 a «:(*>•) ' ]10:<Oa 10:2O a
3:30 t 3:30 p| fluernevflle. [J:35p 6:20 p
""7:30 a! ««:0Oa| fr'onoms. I 9:10 sj 9:40 c
8:10 p| «:0Op| «Ien Ellen. | «:05pt 6:30 p
7:30 ft «:00a| I10:«0 a 10:20 m
3 :30 p <:30p S«t«t<opot. |»:35p C:20p
STAGES conned at Green Bra. Jot San
Quentli-; &t Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
flprins*: at TuUnn for Altruela and liar* West
Springs; at Lyttcn for i>ytton Sprlnss: at Gey-
s*n-llle lot? KSac3* Sprlnga; at Cloverdale Jor
the Geysers, Boonevlll* and Greenvood: at
Kupiand lot Duncan SprinRS. Hl.»htan<3 Springs.
Xel!«eyvlll«. CarIat>a<S Springs. Soda Bay. -o"<e-
port and Bartlett Springs: at t":!ah for Vichy
Springs, SaratO3» Sprin-fe, Blue lAkes, I^aurcl
Dell La&e. W'lttef Springs, Cppe.- Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's,
Bucknell'n, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Wertport. Vaal: at 'WillitS for Fort Brags,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vlll<", CummlnKS, Bell's Sprlng-s. Harris, Ol-
jen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlnc
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
0 CALIFORNIA |
1 LIRIITEO TO CHICAGO B
H L^avas Boadays and Tbarsdaya p
H at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days, H
!fi with cllnor aad all trappings. jB
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 a. ra. | for g toc fcton, Fresno, BaUenfield.
»:30 a. m. > Merced , Hanford and Viaalla.
o:0J p. in. I
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Caayoa and
Chicago.
Ticket Ofpic*: 641 Market St., and Farry
Depot. 3. F. Alto llli Broadway, Oak-
land, CaL
l^^ra^^^TO SA"! RAFAEL
il^MSiSSl SAf! QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
Mffl CAZADERO, ETC.
jggg|j|^g^y*g^ via Sausolito Terry
• WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted)— «:44.
t»7 4S 8:43 »:«, 11 «- «n.. 12:20, 'I;**. 3:1*.
4:16. # t6:15.' •«:16. «:45. J>. 11:*5 p. ».
7:45 a. m. tra'n weeic days doe* not run tu
AND LEOAL HOLIDATS-7.
t8. t^. flO. 11. t":3O a. m.. t!2:U0. fl:30.
2-33 *3-5O 6. 6, 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfa^ except 5:13 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. trala
Trom san'r^pael, to san rRANCisco
—Week days— 6:23. J8:23. 7:40. S:1S. t»:».
ll:OS Z m. 12:30. 2:20. »3:48. 4:50. 3:30. «:«.
10 8UNDATS-«:13. 7:33. JS:IO. 5:10. J10:33.
111:45 am.. 12:30. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40. J5:50.
«:M. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 8:40. 7:45. 8:25.
B:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. 0:10. 7:05.
10*40 P. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:35. 10. 11:10 a. ra.. 12:05
105 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:03. 7:10. 10:40 p. n. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Caxadero and way
stations.
5:13 p. m.. week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Baturdayt— Cazadero and way
(tations.
Sundays and Leral Holidays— 9 a. m., Caw-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and I>esral Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAJS RAILWAY
L«avc Us ttssslMi rwrj* I Arriv*
SaaKraa. >m«flhrkin SuFna.
WeS S«a- -JSS|^_ Sun- IWeeS"
»j4ftA Siooa K$*atSg&& l »:oo* 5TT5I
l:4Sr »:<M» A l^^^^^f lt:BO». 3:*&r
t:l»rl«:O«A 3:SOp SitOr
fcterrkyi mtj. Hsw TwnT 9t3OT,tgrtntJ. il;3O»
tlCHt I W» Uammmt St.. (Worth Show RaiiroadT
amSB I aad SAPaAiJTO Paxav. Foot afarka* St
The Weekly CaE
• St\ ncp Venn.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
One McBBrnBy?s I
Bottle/f #-
P R -W BUDDER
uUfGSr^L cure
Tor pains la the back, Brisrtit'g fila- I
eaie, lucoattaence cf urine, brick
dnat deposit, bel-wettln*^ rraveL
dropar. dlabetaa. rtietSau'an!^ h I
Only by removlngr poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neuraisio troubles be
cured. Uric add flnfis its war into th«
blocd because the Kidneys are weakened !
and do not throw it off from the system i
P.rttcre <be XKJneys and you restore th 4 ?
power that will force the uric acldfnm I
the body. That Is Just what HcBurne?^
Kidney and Bladder Cure does? It drtv« •
tbe deadlr ortc add from the blood it
rustalns the organs that «uiuin life' and
, the forces that make blood. McBuraer's
Kidney and Bladder cure. Jl CO 111
druc»l«ts. Booklet with swore".!,.^
ments of cures free. W. F MeBu™.^
.Eole Mir.. 226 S. Spring at.. LoTjuSSea!
Vim, Vigor, Vitafitr tor Wo*
A&TybL MORMO.V BISHOPS Pn/S
/33LsJ3a ** ve ** ta «a «w* over flfi?
ffiOSXjWB Mormon Church and thV'J
GSra»Krfi|| followers. Positive], ctire th.
WlttTl V» * or ! t ca * e> ln ci * and younff
l&^Pv\£» »rt«lnc from eCects of stlf-
5R^J^ »bu«, dlsslpstlon. excS.^or
yS^^S ilanrrood, Impofncy. r^.j
r Power. Nirht Losses Inaom-
(tla. Pales tu Back. Evil Desires. Lame Hack.
Kervuus Debility. H#adacbe. Unfltness to Mar-
ty, Isoma of Semen. »— Varicocele or Con-'
nipetion. Step ICer *"J 1 M vous Twitching of
K*«rlld«. Zffects are^^^z!^ Immediate. Imparx
*1«or and potency*"*™ • S to every function.
Don't set decpondent. a cure Is at band. Re-
•torc trr.all, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and serve centers; f>Oc a box: 6 for
12 SO by mail. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
/-Wrew BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. CaX GRANT DRUG CO.. Ji
«M *0 Third rt.
OCEAN TRAVIX.
e- Steamers leave Ean Fran-
clsco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel
Juneau, Halnea, Skacwa/,
etc.. Alaska— U a. m.. Sept.
IS. 23. 2S, Oct. 3. Chang*
to company's steamers at
Seattle
For Victoria, VanconTer.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m., Sept. IS,
2:>. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
: pany"8 steamers for Alaska and G. N\ Ry. ; at
i Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., £ept. 19, 25, Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
; Sept. 22. 28. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Losi Angeles and
1 Redondo). Sen Diego and Santa Barbara —
; Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Von Angeles (via San Pedro and Kant I
Ean Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon- |
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San '
LuIb OblRpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 22. 30. Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. IS. 20. Oct. 4.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joso del '
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa2, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th of. each
month.
Fcr further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sai»-
Inr date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Monteom-
rry street (Palaro Hotel). 10 Market street and
I Broadway wharf.
Freight rfflce. 10 Market street. .
C. D. DUNANN. Generfll Passenger Agent
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept 30. Oct. 10, 20 30
Nov. 9. ll>. 29. "George W. Elder" sails'Oct'
6. 15. 25. Nov. 4. 14. 21. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to al! points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. 'Steamer tickets include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery gt. : C. CIJFFORD, Gen
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 MOnteomery st.
I0Y0 1ISEN KAMA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) ftji
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and '
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hloffo).
Nagasaki apd Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong Jvlth steamers for India, etc. No
carga received on board on day of sailing
S. S. NIPPON MARU * . . .
• - - Thursday. October IS, 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU |.
Tuesday, November 10, " 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
,,.* * «• •••"••• Thursday. December 3, 1003
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rate*. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner Flr»t.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanics.s.co.»^i
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. 3. 2 p m
B.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 17, 11 a ra
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 20. 11 a. m!
iisriEesm&Bns.C9^iists..mitfiiib.84iBartita
;r^tlfflei.t2IBiriitSL.f1irli.7.rtdkSl
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQOl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. mm*
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4^KS»?S)
Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. from Pier 42, »l»snBUr
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre, |7p and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED 3TATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mara Iiimd and VaUaJo steamera.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. nv, 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a.Mn...S:30 p. m. Leave Vatlejo!
T a. m., 12:30 soon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun.
?f y .* %« a /o m « 4:15 v - m - F *r*' 80 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsilon-fct. dock. HATCH
BROS. °
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
OtMt»lt&± foot ct Maffct lttwt> •
t,m lTri,n timnn a. VK*. — *ssrra
' T^6a —micia.»auma.a5afraaaaia«wj"
cn«aw> Ifr*
f £Da Tacsvt M. WtaMra, BmstMT ....... 7 ii*
Nap*. CUlntxi^aiSRm.-.^. M»
7Jta BU»a, tl? traort. Utst*». tt*«s> mm^
at HanrivUM for atHjrj. trzgt __-
aadCticO .tCt*
hS Baaia, Majfsta, BastM. •- \.
inia. pqm«aia ...... «^»—. &C5»
\u25a0 — . imart Mts*m$ P»rta, v^Sse*
W»*a«Aro»mMM. fXS»
Mia »naa, — j<m htwmimm+*m+
pta.loa«. U*nmmm,9ii»miae>
Marfitrin*. C»l«o. *** 9iv<3..... l.fB»
ini O» Jdai*. Cbii«A /«nMtD9Q.«» -
aori.TMlii*ai«i« a«SMt.^,, 4M»
• O* |l a rtis*s«a4irayata«ioim.w. J .co ,*;&"*
it.feOA Vail*]o_ ._;_...... _•, i-i.vi.bi*
Xney. !««\u25a0«•. »•••»••*
«frc»1, Bnymond. Xso-
. \u25a0;• ««nC. Tlialta. •ai'»?9l«d. L»
%o«b4 •*«»•• Tla Coo«« 1U«). .. #l-3?»
T»ta» T**« Ot«t»b*<J tlmite* — Upd«Q,
P«aT«r. Omaas, Catcago. • Z^r
1t.a0a Har»tr«. Xll»«and'W«rflwUc-»». 3.jj»r
iT.0O» «*crtm«iX«>RtT»r tteomerju 111.03^)
iiQr Benlcl*. V1»WT3, Sccr-aJemo.
'Woodtsaa, wr.ii*ffl". Cola'».>71l-
»\u25a0*«. Catghta L»ndlnr. r
Tllla. Oro»llle md m*t$ KtaUoas.. 10 55*.
Utf jr«yw*r6.Kil«oea<lW»-r Stations.. 1 &&r
400p Sfart!nes.SanR:unoa.V»lleJr\2Up?.
C*ll«os». Bant"; Ro«a ?. .*2f*
4.0%> Martlnes. Tnci..U-throp.btoe!:toa. 10 25a
400? Blloe. Lt; ermoru Btocitoc. Lodt.. 4-ZGf
4-iOr BBTvero. Nile*. toEtmzTtm* fvjl J«-B5a
Jobs. Lt*ermorc I til. 55*
QJOP Tbti O^l Limited— 7n* no. Talare.
Bakersfleld. Lc • Angeles I 55a
§X3» fort C<ptc Tr»cv, «tockton, Los
B*no- t2-2B«»
*230r lUywr.rd, "lies end San jom ..... 725*
8-OOr Hajrvard. Nlles »nd San Jo««. 10. 25»
6.00f Oriental Mall— Ogdea. Danyer,
Ora«n*. 9i. Louis. Chlc»(?o and
Esau Port Costa, nenieta. Sut-
tua. Wmlr*., Dnrls, Sacrtrarnto,
Rockltn. Aaba*n. Coif ax, '/>-
Truckee. Boc*. Unno. W»d»-
vortb. vrinnomaecn. BatUo
Mountain. Elko 4.Z5r
%.. Beno. Truckee, Sacramento, DaTU.
Sutsua, Benlcla. Fort Costa 7.55a
I.OOv Vnilejo. dally, except Sunday.... i 7 it,
7.00P Vallelo. Sunday only I
7.00* 6«n Pablo. Port Costa, Marlines "''-
and Way Sutlons 1121a
B-OSr Oreison A California Exprflt^-Sao-
ramento, Marytvlll*. Roddtaf.
Portland. Pus«t Sourd and E» »t. 8.53a
fl.iOr Hayward, Nile* and Saa Jose (Son-
day only) 11.5*»
11.26> Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, M»
' detto. Merced. Raymond (te To.
\u25a0emlte). Freino, Uaaford. VI- \u25a0 -
" tails. Bakenfleld ig.Zar-
COAST LINE <.i»rnm t»ij.).
(foot of Myfcet Street.)
745a Sanu Crux Excursion <3anday
oniy) »-10>
8.15* Ne-wark. Centerrllle. Baa Jos*,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crus and Way Stations \u25a0Z3>
t2.15r Newark, CenterrUle, San Joia,
.New Alreaden.Los Gntos.Feltoa,
Boulder Crrak, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1053a
4.15r Kewark. San Jose. Los Oatoa aad
way sutlons (on Saturday ana
Sunday ran* throafn to Sanu
Crux; Monday only rrom Siata
Crux). Connecu \u25a0« Keltoa to
and from Bonlder Peek ,. TB.B»*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom b AN tUA.N CISCO, root of M»rk«t St. (811b4>
— tT:15 *:00 11:U0a.«. 100 3 00 615 r.u.
Trom OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — 1*:00 2:0*
tS:OS 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 * 00 r.m.
COAST LINE (Br«a4 -aa««>.
HT~n nird »»»" Townsead Str—ts.)
8.10a 8an Jose and Way Stations. •J0»
17.00a San Jose and Way Buttons. B-38r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cnu Exe«r>
slon (Sanday only) I3fl'
IOOa Xew Almaden (Tuei.. Trld-i only). 4-10»
\u25a0 00a CoaitLlna Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose. Cillroy (connection for Bol-
llster), Pajaro. CastroTlll*. 8*-
Itnas. Saa Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Eanta Margarita, San Lull Obl»po,
Gcadalnpe. Sort (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Stazns
•nd Lo« Anreles. Connection at
Ca«troTtlla to and from Monterey
•nd Pacific Orore 13.43*
I.CDa Ssn Jot. Tres Plnoa, Capttola.
8»nuCruz.PaeiaeOroTe,SallBaa.
8an Lois Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10'
' f3-30* Saa Jose and Way Sutlons........ 1.287
1100a Cemetery Passenjrer — South Baa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.08*
11-30* Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Oatos
aad Way sutlons 7-30r
fUOr San Jo«e and Way Stations ... .... x 7 00*
2.CGF San Jose and Way Stations 19 40a
2.30f Cemetery Pansenner — Sonta S*a
FrsnciMo. San Brano 4-S5>
TS.OOr Del Monte Express— 8anta Clara.
Ban Jutv. Del Mont«, Monterey,
Pacific (trove (connecu at Saata
Clara (or Santa Crax, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Polnu) M2-15*
JJOr Pacific GroTe and Way Stations—
HurllOKame.Saa Mateo.Redwood,
Mealo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Monnuin View. Lawrence, Saata
Clara, San Jose, {Gliroy, Hollt*-
ter, Tres Plnos), Psjaro, wauoa*
Tllle. Capitols, Santa Cm*, Caa>
troTllle. Salinas 10-45*
4-30r Saa Jose and Way 8utlons 0.58*
o-OOr San Jose, (via Sanu Clara) Los
(ifttoi. Wrlxhtand PriBfilpalWay
Sutlons (except Sunday) 900a
i5-3rjr San Jose and Principal Way 8Ut!on« tfl-OOa
tS.ISr San Mateo, Beresford.Belmont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19-48*
f.30r Ban Jose and Way Sutiona. 8 J3»
-COr Sunset Limited. Eastboand. — Saa
Luis Obtspo. Sanu Barbara, Los
Ang-elet, Demtng. El Paso, K««
Orletcs, Xew York. (Westboaad
•rrlTci Tla SUnJcsqula Valley)... «rfl25»
I.OOr Palo Alto aad Way Stations 10.15a
11. &Qr South San Francisco. kJUlbra«.
BarllnKame. San Mateo, Bel-
mont, Saa Carlos, Redwood, •*•!**.
Fair Oak». Mcnlo Park. Palo I2'2r»
AIM). Maifleld. Mountain View. CT4W
Soanyraie. Lawrence, Sanu
Clara and Ban Joss J
A tor Mornlnit. f for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. % Saadar oaly.
I Stops at all surtlons on Sunday.
t bnadsy exeepted. a eatarday only.
« Via Coati Line. v Via San Joaqula VsIIer.
ft Reno train eaitbonnd dlsconttnaed.
IVOnly trains stopplst; at Valencia at. so«thboun4
are 6:10 A.«_n:CW*.« ..ll:W3**i.. 2:30 r.M.and •:»»•.«.
DIRECTORY
'' OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists MaUai
on Application.
TXXSX A3TD SAI.T MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO. Sugr ta £i. B M.£ r l»y
qua
LUBRICATI.VO OIL3: L.K0SAKO A EXXIS,
4ia Front St.. S. V. Fhoo* Mala 171&.
ysxa'TXErc*.'" SSS
EC mTfiHTS. raiNTra.
EAUWAY TRAVEL.
$6 for a Berth * i
to 0 Chicago.
That's the ratc-$6=>for & berth m a Rode . ; :
<fr IsUnd tourist slctpcr, California to Chicfigo, ~ • • B
; Rate is the same whethst you go via El v (
Paso or Colorado, £'-±M$?£5'^££'.
Second-class tickets are aa^t&^TOcjr?^ ;
C09t $ io less than £rst>class tickets.
- .:;. Total saving, if you "go tourist", is $ 1 8. j
Rock I •". -. 1 tacrjt ctn kare San Franciro f* Ctacafo &&j I
- ii £1 Paw; it St Louia. Ms^f j.**; f x Htnnfhm,Y?t4aaS*ju
M ••-\u25a0 ; "V«Col»rado"eaiilea»«ta.in^W«laetA]r», . „ j
u*Tttii'3vi PlTfi IT Pleued ts fire further InfhcTratx»a. \u25a0.•\u25a0'-'.\u25a0' '\u25a0.£\u25a0??':\u25a0'
P - W * THOMPSON, C«seil WoKta Ajsst,
6*3 Marfcrt Strict, Saa Traadcsa.Continued on Page Thirteen.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot chartering, prin
cipally for Barley. Is being . done at 15s@16s
Cd, usual options. The chartered Wheat fleet
In port has a registered tonnage of 53,630,
against 54.000 tons on the same date last 'year;
disengaged. lOt.COO tons, against 45,740; : on
the way to this port. 273,860 tons, against
223,000.
WHEAT— The . markets were quiet all over
the world.' Chicago; and St. Louis reported a
good demand for No. 2 Red. The export bus
iness was small. The situation was fairly
Wheat and Other Grains.
The China took out for. Hongkong a treas
ure list of $72,077, consisting of $4570 In gold
coin, $1100 in gold dust, $3307 in Mexican
dollars and $C4,O0O in silver bullion. : .
The steamer Ventura \u25a0 brought up from Syd
ney $1,250,000 In sovereigns.
Silver and .Exchange remain unchanged*
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables 488-
New York Exchange, sight — • 07 >&
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce..... — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 47 49
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 29.— -Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 73c; blue stem. 77c; valley 77c.
TACOMA, S:pt. 29.— Wheat lc lower, blue
stem, 77c; club, 73c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
The fruit market was amply supplied with
most- descriptions and was rather quiet, as the
cool weather checked trade. Nutmeg Melons
nnd CuJitalou"?s were particularly dull and
prices ranged lower. Watermelons were held
at previous prices, but found few buyers.
Fancy Black Table Grapes were scarce and in
demand for shipment, but the other varieties
were in excessive supply and It wa3 difficult
to obtain ovsr 50c per crate for anything else
than Seedless or Isabella. There were heavy
receipts of Wine Grap#, but prices were sus
tained under a fair demand. Fancy Bartlelt
Pears and sound highly colored Spitzenberg
and Gravenstein Apples packed in 4-tier boxes
were In cood demand at the maximum quota
tlor.s, while common Apnles and winter Pears
dragged at unsteady rates. Quinces. Pome
granates. Prunes and Figs were offering , freely
and T>rlces rtooU about as before. Fancy
Peaches were a little firmer, ' fine offerings
from Coloma selling readily at the top quota
tion. Common offerings In small packages
were plentiful ami dull at , 3.'(£00c per box.
Offerings in Jarge boxes were dull, as the can
ners were In9iflerent buyers, being busy pack-
Ing Tomatoes. Receipts of . Strawberries were
light, but as the demand was likewise, prices
were no higher. Raspberries arrived freely
and were dull, with surplus stocks going to
the canners at the minimum quotation.
. Citrus fruits were dull and featureless. Ea
nanas were offering freely and prices were
STRAWBERRIES — $2@3 per chest for Ma
lindas and *4«5 for' other large varieties
Longworths, $4fZH per chest. •\u25a0
RASPRERRIES— $3 5O(fi5 per chest.
HUCKLKBERRIES— G®Hc per lb.
CRANRERRIES— Cape Cod. $9 per, bbl.
APPLES — 00c<2$l 25 per box for fancy. 50®
S5c for good to choice and 23@40c for com
mon.' - '
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 50; winter varie
ties, 5C<5 75c tier box.
. QU1NCKS — Mff50c per box.
FIGS— Black, 50085c for double layers," 2ZQ
40c for drawers and for large boxes , from
the river; White, \u25a0•350i5Oc per box. 1
PRUNES — 50<H75c per box or crate.
PEACHES — Small boxes," 33G 60c; carriers,
40"5Oc; large open boxes, 00® 75c; per ton, $15
for • freestones. \u25a0 '
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c for small boxes
and $1 5nr<<2 for large.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50@75c per box; Isabella,
Deciduous ayd Citrus Fruits.
SEATTLE. S»pt. 29. — Clearings. $818,427;
balances, $103,008.
PORTLAND, Sept 20.— Clearings, ?6C0,592;
balances, $135,'J(j7. \u25a0
TACOMA. Sept, 29.— Clearings, $207,680;
balances, *29,308.
SPOKANE. Sept. 20. — Clearings, $421, G61;
balances, $85,152.
Northern Business.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock?— , Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 35 •••"
Associated Trust Cert 20 23 •
Aztec • 80 .....
California Standard 11 .. 12
Caribou 1C0 103
Central Point Con «o .;...
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont 24
Esperanza 1 30 • ...:.
Four _ *5 ~°
Fulton 3 <*>
Hanford "."".'.*''*.'".'*'*"*.'*.*•" ••••; iw'oo
Home 1^ • I O.h
Imperial • "IL W 87^
Independence -« . 13
Junction 2° . 21
Kern . . ... "...'.............••• ••••• 0 25
Kern River « » " 16 OO
Lion 7 .<£ °*
Monarch of Arizona o- ,. 5«
Monte Cristo «0 7a
Occidental of W. Va IS 1»
Oil City Petroleum *» 3O
Peerless "I; " 1 * °° '
Pittsburg -»
Reed Crude « 42
S F & McKIttrtck 2 50
San Joaquin & O D 5 w >
Senator <^ '"11
Sovereign •• •—• *" 41
Sterling 2 Srt '•'••
Superior „ ' ™*
Thirty-three • «\u25a0•> 8 00
Toltec " , •••••^
, CHICAGO. Sept. 29.— Fair buying, by some
of the leaders in the wheat pit. . who were In
fluenced by the upward trend of values • on
Wall street, started shorts to cover early in
the day and as a result the market' ruled
strong. Opening prices were firm on steady
cables, with:. December a shade to Vs@Wc
higher at 77Q77V»c Good demand from all
classes of- buyers «oon caused a- rally and De
cember sold up to 77%c during the last half
hour, t Part of ? the ; early « strength was , due
to the' better Southwest and Northwest markets
and tp the excellent cash demand. :; Toward
the noon hour there; was much- selling . by pit
traders,' due to an increase of 7,069,000 bushels
In 'the world's visible .supply, '\u25a0.. shown by
Uradstreet's. and the market eased off in con-
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 20. — The cotton market
opened at unchanged prices to a decline of 8
points and cl»ed barely steady, net 7@16 points
lower, that being practically the lowest of
the cession. I
• NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 20. — Cotton steady.
Middling. 9 13-lCc. ,
New York Cotton Market.
Iron closed at 49s Cd In Ulasgow and at
63b Cd In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron. was quiet.
No. 1 Joundry (northern) ,$17; No. 2 do, $1U 50;
No. 1 foundry (southern) and do soft, $15 50.
Copper was also lower In London, spot de
clining 7s 6d to £5* 7s Cd and Cs for futures
to £54 10s. Locally copper was dull. Lake
and electrolytic, $13 25@13 60. and casting at
fl3 12V4."
Lead was unchanged at £11 in London and
locally at $4-50.
Spelter was Od lower in London at £20 5s,
but remained quiet and unchanged here at $0.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 29. — There was another
big decline in London tin prices, the losses
for the day being about £2 7s 6d, with spot
closing at £112 7s 6d and rutures at £113.
Locally the market was quiet. A sale of ten
tons spot tin waa reported nt $25!/iO and the
closing quotation was $25 45@25 60.
Nezu York Metal Market.
IV cat her Report.
H20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 23. 5 p. m.
COAST RECORD.
' 5 s i i "i 5
3 |3 =| <| £o 5
tsrATlON*. I || 1 3 P \u25a0 I"* \u25a0 I
fjnkrr 30.02 CO 30 NE Cloudy .00
Ortscn 2».M> CS 42 W Cloudy .00
Kur<»ka 30.04 CS 50 NW Clear 'Mi
K&rallrn 30.00 58 54 NW Cloudy .00
' KrttT.o 2».1«2 78 69 ."W Cloudy .00
FlajTstaff 2».!«2 56 32 SW m.Cldy .00
Indt-pendenco 2».7«j 74 54 SE Cloudy .00
Lof Angeles.. 2».»4 72 CO W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tama!;)al».*. K J.V»8 M 40 NW Gear .00
North Head... 30.14 M 50 W Clear .03
Phoenix 29. SO 82 58 W Clear .03
Pocatello. Ida.a*.«9 O6 44 W Cloudy .00
Portlard 30. nt «4 44 NW Clear . "- MO
Point n«.'yes...25*.»* 5« 48 KW Cloudy .oo
Ueil'Iilaff »••»* 68. US SE Clear .00
Hof^burg ....W.f>4 C2 46 N Clear Tr.
Sarramfnto ..TJ.M «W 64 S Pt.Cldy .00
'•-alt L-'ike 23. W) 72 50 S Clear .48
Han Frencipco.S0.C2 M tit W Cloudy Tr.
Si Obiepo. .30.00 «8 f.S W Pt.Cldy .CO
Kai Df-so 2H.94 70 «4 NW Cloudy .OO
battle 30. 1« 56 4O W Clear .00
untkane' *«'•<» w ss w Clear • (A
Ta too-h . . . .30. 12 M ' 48 \u25a0 SE Hear .00
WaMa W*alla..:{0.O« «4 4H KR Clear .C6
\u25a0Mnnemucoa .2»-82 <KJ : D8 NW Cloudy .00
Xum» ™.....:. •»-«* -6« «0 £W Clew . .00
The following quotations are for good, sound |
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50 ;
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, fc@9c; Cows and Heifers. \u25a0
7<SSc: thin Cows. 4g5c per pound.
CALVES — Kfr5>4c per pound (gross weight). ;
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vi<3:39ic; Ewes, 3®3^c j
per pound (gross weight).
I.AMBS— 12 75i@3 per head.
HCGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c; under
150 lbs 5H@5"J4c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5®5%c; San Quentln,
R55c; Wool Bags. 32^35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
©8c- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6Vic. f.%c and 7V»c
for the three grades; Brown Jute. «^@7Vjc.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list for 1003 stock:
? «S § g
rnUUO. X . •
Apples ?1 Wi?l 3<>fl 2O'$l 10
Apricots 170(140 125
Blackberries 1 «0 140 130 120
Cherries, R. A...: 2 25 2 00 1 80 1 50
Cherries white 1 S5 170 1 43 j
Cherries' black 2 10 IK 1 70 1 45
Grapes '. 1 S3 1 201 1 ml 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 €01 1 3011 15| 1 C5 |
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 551 1 301 1 20 j
Do sliced 1 75| 1 45| 1 20 1 10 I
"While H«ath Peaches... 1 75! 1 4,".! I 20 1 10 j
Pears 10" 1 Go! 1 40 1 25 i
Plums ...-• 1 S5 1 ml 1 05 BS
Raspberries 2 B0| 2 251 2 10| t «*»
Strawberries 2 00| 1 75J 1 6O| 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2U-lb
standard. 85c; Green Peas— Baby petlts pois.
\\ 50; petits pois ?1 35; extra sifted. $1 15;
standard sifted, $1; standards. 85c; marrow
fats, Ml^e; gallon, sifted. $4 23; gallon, stand
ard. $3 75.
\u25a0 COAL — Wellington. $R per ton; New "Wel
lington. ?8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $0 CO; Bea
ver Hill $5 00; Stanford $7: Roslyn, $7; Cooa
Bay, ?5 CO; Greta. $7; Wallsmd. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk: and
$14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. ?13;
\u25a0Welsh Lump. $ll 50; Canr.el. $8 50 per ton;
Coke $11 WgVl per ton in bulk and $15 in
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 43 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, -jer lb. 4<4c;
cases, regular. Ec; cases, extra large. 5Vic;
Eastern style, 6c; boneless. 6c: "Norway."
! Oc: '"Narrow Gauge." 6Vic; "Silver King."
I ~ViC blocks. "Oriental." 6c; blocks. Seabrlght.
J 6^ic; tablets. 7c: middles "SSVjc; boneless.
8©9c; pickled Cod. bbls. ?7 50; pickled Cod,
half bbls, $4 75.
- CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or Vj per cent discount for
cash no sales Under 10,000 lbs; Manila. 14*4c;
Sisal, lie; Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope. ll@ll^c
COFFEE— Cost^ Rica— 12'4iai5c for strict
ly prime to fancy washed. ll@12c for prime
washed. 10'iQlOTic for good washed. W&
ll«4c fcr good to prime washed peaberry. SH
®5>Uc for good to prime peaberry. *%SilOc for
good to prime. 7@Sc for fair. 4®C*ic for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — HSf\2a nominal i
for strictly prime washed, SViiSlO^c for good
ito prime washed. :7Vi©8c for fair washed. 0^
10%c for- fair to prime washed peaberry,
7%<BSUc for good to prime semi-washed, 7V»@
Sc for superior unwashed. 7@7tic . for good
green unwashed. 7%<5Sc for gocxr to superior
unwashed, peaberry, 4S6c for Inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua — ll'/sfrl.Tc nominal for
prime to fancy washed. 8810c nominal for
fair to etrlctly good washed. <i?ifl7Hc for
good to superior unwashed. 7*£*}Sc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican-^13H ( P15c -nominal for fancy washed.
111513c for prime to strictly prime washed,
for strictly good washed. 03»>4c for
good washed, 7 VifiSVic for fair washed, ftfi7H<*
for medium. 4© 6c for inferior to ordinary,
8*4@l0>ic for fair to prime unwashed pea
berry. 79i<SSc for good to prime unwashed pea
berry, 7@8c nominal for ! good to superior un
washed. 5©7V4c for ash-damaged
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 20#32c; extra
heavy. 30@4Oc per lb; medium, light.
24@20c; Rough Leather,. -2(J<j2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35<ga»c for No. 1 and 3Og.!5c
for- No. 2; medium, " 30037c: light. 20<S;'.3c;
Skirting, No. 1. 40® 42c; No. 2, Se©38c; Caiia*
EGGS— Ranch. CT^fKiSHc for large white
selected and 32'4fi'i7c for fair to choice; store,
20O2?j^e; cold storage, 24S2Uc; Eastern, 24@
27 V4c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 29«30c for extras and
26(S28c for seconds: dairy, 21<524e; store But
ter, 17 t / i(g'10c; cold storage 24@2oc; Eastern,
22«24c per lb.
CHEESE — l-'lc for special mild nsw, 12@12%c
for the general run -and lliWUVic for lower
grades. Young America,. 13014c; Eastern, 15<g>
16e; Western. 14@15c per lb.
Eggs have shown no noteworthy change for
some days, being quiet and steady, ' with the
public taking cold storage and Eastern goods
in preference to the more expensive ranch.
Receipt* were 50.300 lbs Butter, 30» cases
EgKS and 8GOO lbs Cheese.
Butter Is v/eak at the decline already noted,
as the public la running on cold storage goods.
There Is general complaint of the extreme
dullness of the market.
The situation In Chev>e remains as before,
the market being congested with medium and
lower grade goods.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LONDON, Sept. 20.— The fifth series of the
wool auction- sales closed to-day with offerings
of 'lO.tMXl bales. There was a full attendance.
Competition was keen and the advances were
maintained and the prices at the close were
firm. During the series fine Merinos were un
changed and faulty Merlno9 were Irregular
throughout, but closed better. Scoured and
greasy were in strong demand, closing un
changed to 5 per cent higher than the last se
ries. Fine cross breds, which were unchanged
at the opening, advanced 5 per cent. Medium
crossbreds opened 5 per cent and 7*4 per cent
and coarse 5 per cent higher, and final rates
were respectively 10 and 15 per cent above the
July average price. Finer acoureds and Elipca
were unchanged, medium 5 per cent to 7V4 per
cent and coarse 10 per cent higher. South
African wools sold Indifferently, as the offer
ings were largely faulty and Inferior grades.
The opening, with the exception of common
greasics, was 5 per cent lower, but latep hard
ened, and scoureds and finer clothing greasy
closed unchanged from the July prices. During
the series 70,000 bales were taken by the homo
trade, 70.000 for the continent, 1000 for Ameri
can and 7C00 were held over for the next sales.
London Wool Sales.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet and unchanged. Common are quoted at
3£5e; prim-;, 5%&5=J4c; choice. 6®6&c; fancy,
e^i«7Hc.
PRUNES — Ruled firm, with a fair demand
reported for the various sizes. Quotations
range from 3>4c to 7"4c for all grades. /
\u25a0 APRICOTS — Firm; choice are quoted at 0"4
@0Hc; extra choice, 0?i<S10Vic; fancy, 10'i
©12c.
PEACHES — Are quiet, but holders are firm
in their vieu-s. Choice are quoted at 7V4@7%o
and extra choice at 7%@8V*c.
WHEAT — Receipts, 02, 370; spot, steady; No.
2 red, SITac elevator; No. 2 red, 82%c f. 0. b.
Rfloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 88%c f. o. b.
efioat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 91V&C f. o. b.
afloat. Influenced by flrmness In Wall street
and better cable* than expected, wheat had an
early advance, which attracted considerable
Felling. It continued firm uninfluenced by a
big Increase in world's stocks and liberal
Northwestern receipts, when reactions ensued,
although the close was steady at M@%c net
advance. May, S3V4®S3"*e, closed 83Vic; Sep
tember cloeed 84k; December closed S3%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES- Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
PKTROLEL'M— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot, Eteady. Futures closed
Bteady at net 5 to 10 points higher. Sales,
44,500 bags, including: November, 4.55©4.(!Sc;
December, 4.S.")®4.90<?: January. 5c; March.
0.10<35.20c; May, 5.2."@5.35c; July, 5.35@6.45c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sent. 20.—FLOUR—Re
ceipts. 3CC5; imports. 1S.000; moderately active.
New York Grain and Produce.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 20.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, lC@21c; fine,
15<S'17^c; heavy fine. 12S14"4c; tub-washed,'
\u25a0jogaoc.
St. Louis Wool Market.
GAME — Rabbits, $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tail, $1 25 for brush: Hare. ?1 25@1 50 per
dozen; Wild Doves, $1 25 per dozen.
POULTRY — Young Turkeys, 20@22e per lb;
Geese, per pair, |t 50@l 75; Goslings, $2;
Ducks, j."i!i?6 per dozen for old and ?f!@6 50 for
young; Hens. $5tf?G for large and $4 50S5 50
for small; younc Roosters. $5<i5 50; old Roos
ters. $4 C(X!|5: Fryers. $4^4 50; Broilers. $3 23
<f?3 75 for large and $2 50(ft3 for small ? Pigeons.
$1 25«1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for
Squabs.
Another car of Western Poultry was mar
keted, making the fourth for the current week.
There were liberal receipts of domestic, and
although . the market was dull for common
stock fine large young Etock continued to bring
good prices, large Ducks, Hens and | young
Roosters being especially firm. Game was In
good request and the light receipts cleaned up
quickly at unchanged rates.
Poultry and Game.
Territory — Idaho fine, Iliil5c; fine medium,
lG*£S-18"Ae; medium, ISQIOc; Wyoming fine.
]4igl5c; fine medium, 16^®17 J /4c: medium, 18Vi
(5'lOc; Utah and Nevada, fine, 15®lGc; fine me
dium, 17<817^c; medium, lOQ^Oc; Montana .fine,
choice, 20@21c; fine medium choice, 20@21c;
staple, 20Q21c; medium choice, 21igi22c.
BOSTON, Sept. 20. — There has been a fair
amount of business done in the wool market
this week, though in medium-sized lots. Buy
ers are taking only enough wool to supply the
current needs of their mills. Prices are firm,
with practically no change from last week. Quo
tations:
Boston Wool Market.
LIVESTOCK' MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — G<f7c for Steers and 5®6%c per lb
VEAL-^-Large, 6'iSSc; small, SSlOc per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%<2Sc; Ewes, 73. %c
per pound.
LAMB — 9@10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. SV4<ffS>*4c per pound.
The market is well supplied with everything.
Beef is plentiful and there are too many dairy
calves on the, market. There are liberal sup
plies of Mutton In the country, but cars to
move them to market are rather scarce. Quo
tations for Mutton are rather lower.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
POWDER.
Giant 63% COVi/ Vigorit 4'» S
Hana P Co. C.'c — Kllauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 45ft 4t!V; Makawell C. 20% 20X4
Honokaa 9 C l.'.Vj 13% Onomea S C..12 34
Hutch SPC 12*; IS Paauhau S C 16Vi 1"
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack-155Vi — [Ocean'.o S C. 68 —
Cal Fruit As. W 3 97 Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As 9(i«i — iPac C Bonc.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 California Wine Association JW 7S
5 Pacific Gas Improvement 5.1 0O
23 Spring Valley Water Works. ... »4 50
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 135 75
40 California Wine Association 90 Z»
ITO Harji Plantation Co SO
U3 Makawell '.... 21 <M>
5 S F Ga* & E'ectric Co ea SO
13 Spring Valley Water Works JU 50
S10U0 S P of Arizona (1909) 107 73
Street—
$SOCO S P Cal 1st cons 5s (stamped). ..108 00
TUESDAY. Sept. 29—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I BKLAsk.
Is qr coup... — — '4s qr c (new. — —
4s qr reg.... — — iCa qr coup.. .103 108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. — — Do 5s .... — 114
Pay CPC Cs.104 1(H5 Do con fla.103 105
Tal C G 5s.. 103 — Oceanic S 5s. 75 82*4
L'al G & E g Vm C R Cs. — —
m & ct Cs. — 102ViU> W C g 5s. — —
Cal-st 5s — — -,Pae G Im 4a. — —
C C "Wat 5s. — 105 IP E Ry 5s. . .109CillO ! «l
Ed L & P 63.123 ISO T & C H Ga. — —
F & C H 6s. — — P & O R 6a. — —
Oeary-st 3s.. 40 83 Powell-st 6a. — < —
>H C & S 5Vs3 — — f S E G&R 5». — 10.5
H C & S 59..101^102'i FP & SJV 5s — 120U
Hon R T Cs.lOBiiinsvJp R of C «s.H2
L A Elec 5s. — 103 JB P of A 63. — —
L A Ry 5s.. 115 — (inoo) —
L A L Co €s. — — (11)10) 10S 109*4
r»o gtd 63. — - SPofC fa. — —
Do gtd 5s. — — (lnOT)) Sr A — —
LAP lem 5s. 10O 105 (lnr,.*,) g r BlC5*i —
Mkt-st C Rs.llS — (100«> — ' —
Do lem 5s. — — <1»12> —
NRR of C tia.lO6*ilO3Vi SPC 1 eg 5s. — 110
NRC of C 5s. — — Do stmpd.107% —
N P C R 5s. — 100 S P B R fis. — —
N C R 5s... — 113 S V Wat Cs. — —
K C P C 5s. 100 101 Do 4s 2dm. 100 —
K S R 5s... 100 . — ! Do 4s ."..1m. BOU —
O G L H 5s. — — IStkn O&E 6s D.«T —
O T Co «s.. - 121 (U G & E 53.. — —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 50 53 gp V W W.*". 84 *i 84 V
Marin Co .. 61 — Sp V W Co. 42 42%
Port Costa . . — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. Si^ 4li| Sac E G & R — -_
Equit Gas .. 4» a 5'S S F G & E. — «T
Mutual E L. 10 11141 S F Gas ... 3 —
Pac G Imp. 52*4 — Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting M"? — ' U G & E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E Zihb 66*4
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 330
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P & A... — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — —
Bank of Cal.545 — Merch Ex . .230 —
Cal Safe Dp. — — SF Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — Sav & L Soc 03 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4CO 500
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T. Co. — —
S F Sav U..60O 70O
STREET RAILROADS.
California ... 107H205 Presidio .... — 41
Ceary — — i . : : . V
Stock and Bond Exchange.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 50 per
sack; cratea from Alameda, $1©1 50; from
Berkeley, 75c<3$l: Green Peas, 2#3c per lb;
String Beans, 2'f"'2%c per lb; Wax, 2Hff? : $c:
Lima Beans, 2@2>^c per lb; Tomatoes, 25#50c
per box; Summer Squash, 40*S?GOc per box; Cab
bage, GOc^er ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu
cumbers, 40fl50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
363*40 for No. 1 and l@2VL-c per lb for others;
Garlic, 2©3c per lb: Green Peppers, 3O@40c per
box for Chile and CCQCOc for Bell: Green Okra,
35@50c per box; ERK Plant, 30® 50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
Receipts of Potatoes were very light, but
oarrled-over stock was abundant and the mar
ket was easy for Burbanks from Oregon and the
river. Salinas Burbanks were in good request
and steady at the previously quoted rates. On
ions ruled weak, with supplies too heavy for
the market to absorb. There were no fresh ar
rivals of Sweet Potatoes and carried -over stock
was selling off well at previous prices.
Vegetables had but little variation. Receipts
of Tomatoes were less liberal than on the pre
ceding day, but supplies were still excessive and
prices were unchanged. The canners » were
buying soft stock at the minimum rate. Cu-.
cumbers. Summer Squash, Okra and" Peppers'
were steady, while Green Corn and Egg Plant
were dull. String, Wax and Lima Beans were
In free supply, with the demand light and
prices easy.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 60®
80c per ctl, with some fancy higher; Salinas
Burbanks. $1 25@1 45 per Ctl; Oregon Bur
banks, 80ig IOc per ctl; River Reds, 8(Xff90c per
ctl: Sweet Potatoes Jobbing at fl CO per ctl.
ONIONS— 50©C5c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
ST. JOSKPH, Mo., Sept. 2U. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 4400: steady to 10c lower; natives. $3 50
®5 25; cows and heifers, ?1 80@4 75; etockers
and feeders, $2 B0@4.
HOGS — Receipts, 0000; steady to Gc lower;
light, ?5 90(30 15; medium and heavy, $5 .70®
5 itO; pigs. $4 50«/5 50. "'
SHEEP — Receipts, 780; steady to strong.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Sept. 2!).— CATTLE— Receipts,
12,000, Including 2C0O Texans and 4000 West
erns; market demoralized and slow, nominal;
good to prime steers, $3 25@5 0C, poor to me
dium, $3 7504 00; stockers and feeders, $2 23^
4 .".»; cows, *1 40@4 £."; heifers, $2<JJ4 50; can
ners. $1 40Q'3 50; bulls, $2#4 60; calves, $3 SO
@7 50; Texas fed steers, $2 75@'3 75; -.Western
steers, ?2 S5@4 05. . :
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 15,000; to-morrow,
25,000; 6teady to 10c higher, closed easy; mixed
and butchers', $5 55Q0 30; good to choice
heavy, $0 80#0 20; rough heavy. $5 30®5 75;
light. *5 73<g<J 40; bulk of sales, $5 Co@0 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000; sheep steady;
lambs steady to strong; good to choice weth
er?/ $3 40<gi 2.'); fair to choice mixed, $2 25@>
3 30; Western »heep, if 2 25@4; native lambs,
?3 50® 5 75; Western lambs. $4 40@5 35.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Ex-dividend : Pacific Coast Borax Company,
regular monthly, $1 per share, amounting to>
$i».ooa
A local house reports sales in New York*
Monday of $85,000 United Railroads 4 per cent
bonds, closing quotations $79 .".i^jTO 75.
Th*> regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Hank of California haa been
called for October 13.
Local securities continued very quiet and
with the exception of an advance In Home Oil
to $1 05 prices showed no change worthy of
note.
NEW YORK,' Sept. 29.— People who came ;
down to Wall street to-day expecting a de
moralizing break In prices nut with a surprise,
us vigorous support was forthcoming from tilt:
most "powerful financial interests In the coun
try and was steadily offered throughout the
day. The market closed active and strong and
at the best prices of the d.ty. Net gains of
2@3 points were the general rule throughout
the list, and the leaders exceeded this, Penn
sylvania and Amalgamated Copper rising 3%.
and Union Pacific. AtchUuu. Louisville, Rock
Island, Metropolitan Street Railway, Brooklyn
Transit and People's Gas from 3^3%. The ex
pectation of the further s-ump to-day was
lound in the demoralized tore of Pennsylvania
and the resulting unsettlemett nt the wnole list
last night. This influence was supplemented
by the further <lecllne in Uritlsli consols to
day to a new low level. • As the course of this
premier British security ha< kept pace with
our own market on the down grade, reflecting
the Eame condition of overeitension uf capital
in certain lines, causing the.,iere:-*ity for dras
tic liquidation elsewhere; tbe opening tone here
was decidedly unsettled. Ihe United States
Steel stocks made a furthei break, the com
mon -and preferred breakinf through yestci
day'fe new record. The majority of ..opening
.cbasgHS waa on the side of.tuchnes and there
was eome special pressure arainst New York
Central. Yesterday's break in Pennsylvania
having brought that 0 per cei t stock down to
a parity with the 5 per cent New •\u25a0 York Cen
tral, the usual bear pressure under these cir
cumstances developed against Uie latter. Hut
Pennsylvania's o;>ening rise of a point was the
proclamation that ether influences were at
work. The buying of this stock was traceable
to the banking house of Kuhn. Loeb & Co...
which manage* the company's f.nancial opera
tions. The very heavy buying oriers in United
States Steel preferred were credited In a sim
ilar way to J. P. ilorgan & Co.. and it was
confidently affirmed that the op.'n buying of
Amalgamated Copper .by brokers usually em
ployed by the Standard Oil pary might be
accepted in good faith as indicatirg the acti\-
Ity on the buying side' of that ptrty. There
has been an almost euperstitirus feeling
among the whole ' speculative contingent that
the melting away of prices, which had reached'
the point of a slow panic, would not be checked
until these financial leaders be^.m to buy,
stocks largely and in concert. Conviction that
this would happen. had an electrical effect upon
speculative eentiment and drove the bears to
cover with a scramble. Some of the large bear
speculators put out fresh short lines at differ
ent stages of-;- the- advance in the confidence,
that Uie large'*buying orders were designed
simply to support the market, to bt resoid
upon any considerable advance. But thtre was
no evidence of, this reselling and the belief
gained ground that the great banking inter
ests had definitely changed their recent policy
cf abandoning- the market- to Its own resources
and biding the time when the fever of selling,
which has taken hold of the security-holding
public, should exhaust Itself. ! ' It was evident
at the Bame time that the urgent liquidation
lacked the force which carrlejl down prices in
recent markets.' ' As a result there was a
marked revival of confidence and dissipation
of many of the shadowy fears which have in
fected the speculative mind of late with even
greater effect than actual developments. The
news of the day, of which there was little
bearing on values, wag not a factor at all in
the movement of prices.
The bond market became firm, in sympathy
with the recovery in stocks. Total sales, par
value, $4.flsO.CCO.
United States 2s declined. *4 on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. i.
Stocks— Sales. Ili^h. Low. Close.
t AtchIson 57.500 03^ C.0% (!3^i
Atchison pfd 2.C00 . 87% .66 ..,.87%
Bait & Ohio 40,000 • 74% 72Vi 74%
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 1.000 85^' 8M,i *5
Canadian Pacific .. 7,100 12O'/j 1IS& J2u
Central of N J - 151
Chesap & Ohio 4,400 -30 27%, 29Ts
Chi & Alton C.500 21 19 \u25a0 21%
Chi & Alton pfd .. -1.000 C1H CO 01 %
Chi & G Western.. 2.30O 15Vi 14 15>i
Chi & O W B pfd. 100 26% 2C% ! 23 '
Chi & Northwestn. 1,000 lDO^ 154H 150
Chi Term & Trans. 200 0'4 8 . 9tf
Chi Term & T pfd. 400 17 10'^ 17
C C C & St Louis. . 400 70 1:914 C9»£
Colo Southern (KM) 11 »i 11 11 Vj
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.300 47% 47% 47V4
Colo South 2d pfd. 1.200 19 Ml I"* 18 Va
Del & Hudson l.OOf) 152 149 151
Del Lack & West.. COO 234 ' 234 230
Denver & Rio G... 1,000 20ft l!)?i 20 Vi
Denver & R Q pfd. 400 CO C7V4 CS>4
Erie ..' 48,400 2«5»4 2414 2«%
Krie 1st pfd 8,600 C5 ' C2% c*%
Krie 2d pfd 1,500 4CH 45? 8 46%
Great Northern pfd i »... 1(50
Hocking Valley ... 100 C5>* C5V4 C5"4
Hocking Val pfd 70
Illinois Central 1,800 129 12«V4 129
Iowa Central 17"4
Icwa Central pfd.. 100 32% ?.2% 33
K C Southern 500 18% 17>4 18%
K C Southern pfd.. 400 34 ii1% 34
Louis & Nash 16.800 US% UH% 5)8%
Manhattan L 0,400 129% 127 12U%
Metropolitan St Ry 11,400 10.5'i 00% 1O3V4
Minn & St Louis.. 300 52*4 02 CO
Missouri Pacific .. 26,100 8SV4 &6>6 88%
llo Km & Texas.. 1.2OO Is 17 18
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 3,fiO0 36% .'*3% 35%
N n R of Mex prd 100 38 3S 38%
N Y Central ...... 19.200. 110% 110 11GV4
Norfolk & Western 1,000 , 63 Ol»J , r>5
Norfolk & AV pfd... " 86*4,
Ontario & Western 3..-5OO 204 !»%\u25a0• 20*4
Pennsylvania 123,300 119 U5ft 11«%
Pitts C C & St L. 100 B5 H5 _ C7
Reading ... ...... 40,000 4(5% 4r,% 40%
Heading 1st pfd .. 400 75Mi 7.1 72%
Heading 2d pfd ... 1.200 ; Gift C2 C2^
Rock Island Co ... 22.200 25«4 ,. .•£>% 25Vfr
Itock leland Co pfd 2,000 G8Vi W% \u25a0 r>8%
fit Louis 4 S F \u25a0 .... 'BO
St L A S F l«t pfd \u25a0 «O
St L &• S P 2d pffl 000 44% - 42«4 44
StLouis 8 W..... ' l.Ktt \u25a0 13V 4 12vi 13
St Louis S W pfd.. 800 30% ii> 30
St Paul :. 39.900 13§y 4 135%.' 138%
St Paul pfd r ..... ...v 172
Southern Pacific ...21.800 42 39J4 41%
Southern Railway.. I.'J.IOO 18 .37% . -18%
Southern Ry pfd... 3.J0O 79% ; T$*A'.; 7!) 14
Texas &' Pacific . . - 2,400 23^ 21 «» 23
Tol St L & West.'. 500 17 l.f---'16H
Tol St L & W pfd, 300 24J4 \u25a0 "2» 2tH
Union Pacific 61,600 71 117*4 70%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 84 84 ,.84
Wabash ... ....... 4,200 ' lnVt 17- i 1«H
Wabash pf d • 3.SWO 30 H 28- 20%
W & Lake Er# . . . 200 14% . -14) 14^
Wisconsin Cenlral.. 700 K5 15% 10 ,
WIs Cent pfd...... 200 35 34# 34%
Empress Companies —
Adams 222
American .......... 150 . 180'i 1SOU -186
Xczi' York Stock Market
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Section Director.
The weather during the week was partly
cloudy, with fcg» along the coast. Light rain
fell in Ean LMegn County on the 22d. and in
Los Angeles and vicinity on the 27th. Raisin
making is progressing in San Diego County and
fruit drying continues in all sections. Large
quantities of grapes are going to the wineries.
Oranges are In good condition and give indica
tions of a large yield. Walnut picking has
commenced in Orange County. Bean harvest is
progressing; »ome estimates place the crop
above that of last year, while others show a
shortage. Sugar beet harvest is nearly com
pleted. Corn and potatoes are yielding fair
crops.
, Lo« Angeles Summary — Rain caused consid
erable damage to hay and slight damage to
grain, beans and grapes; the damage will be
much greater if rain continues. Threshing of a
reoii crop of beans delayed.
Eureka Summary — Cloudy, with considerable
frjr during the week: crops made slow advance
ment. Feed is generally reported short.
Streams are low. Apple picking is in progress;
condition as previously reported.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Cl*-2r warm weather, favcrable for harvest
ing and dryir.K the prune and raisin crops, pre
%-a»l»-<l during the past week. Good progress
has been made gathering both the prune and
raisin crops, and the larger portion of each is
now on the trays. In many vineyards the first
crop Is now in the sweat bcxes. The raisin crop
mill be somewhat lighter than was expected,
but of excellent quality. The second crop will
be light. Packing houses will commence ope
ration* next week. Wlneriea are handling
large quantities of Zlnfandels and Muscats.
I-arge quantities of grapes are being marketed.
Prunes will be of good sire and fine quality.
The olive crop la promising. Egyptian corn
end Borghum promise good crop*. Citrus fruits
are in excellent condition; the crop will be
large and the harvest early.
BAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Warm weather prevailed during the week in
the interior and cooler weather with logs in
the Coast districts. No damage was dene to.
crops by the light frost of the preceding week.
'Forest fires continue In Sonoma County and
there has been considerable loss of valuable
timber. Grape* and late fruits ripened rapidly
and . barr»-s.t progressed satisfactorily. FYult
drj"Ir.g continues. In pome sections the decid-'
•uou* fruit crop Is nearly all eecured. Grapes
in Sonoma County are said to have a high
percentage of sugar. Apple* of excellent qual
ity are b*>ir.£ Ehipped from Peachland. I3ean»
are yielding an excellent crop in Monterey
County. Hop picking is nearly completed In
Han Benito County. Com and alfalfa are doing
well. Stock ere in good condition.
The weather during the week was warm and
Generally clear, with light wind*, conditions
very favorable for raisin making, fruit drying
and ripening late fruits. Nearly all deciduous
truiw are gathered and the early varieties
have bc-en «tcur«l or shipped. Grape picking
ts prc"rrecsirig rapidly and heavy shipments
cOBtlxnM Wineries are running at their full
Cftpsdtr: Prune* arc of superior quality, but
th.e yield U light In eome sections. Citrus
fruits aie in excellent condition and give prom
l.<«* of np**ning early. Hop baling is completed;
the crop 16 reported slightly in excess of last
season's and the hops are of good quality. The
hay and grain cro^-s are all secured. Slock are
tn " eood condition. Seeding ' summer-fallowed
land »ill commence after the first rain.
, , COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY
Uood progreyp was made in raisin makLng.
fruit dr>lng and gatheriiig the later varieties
of deciduous fruiiB. Grape picking continues
and heavy shipments aro being made to mar
ket and wineries. In tome sections the early
irths an) a large portion of the first crop of
ravins have been secured, but in other sections
much of the fruit is on the traye and will not
bt- iea<!y for storage for two or three weeks.
•jrai'cs in t-om« districts are Bald to have an
unui.u&lly fcigh percentage of eugar. Prunes
art generally of superior quality, but slightly
Ix-lcw average in yield. Apples are abundant
and of very rood quality.
Btan harvest is prcgres^Sne rapidly and in
torne sections the crop is estimated above that
of laet year, while other estimeten show a short
crop. It i* too early to give an estimate of the
damage to beans by the rain of Sunday, but
report* next week will doubtless show some
injury. Sugar beet harvest continues; the yield
.-m<l 4«ui..;\ \u25a0 -i '\u25a0• i> *.i':*!ncv~?y. -Corn and
"potatoes are yielding good crops. Hop*, graiu
and hay ere nearly &11 secured. \u25a0
Clear, wn weatheT prevailed during the
week In the interior and cooler weather, with
fops and some clcudim-fs, in the coast dis
tricts. Light rain f<?ll In San Diego County
and on tfce norrhwert coatt early in the week
a:: i heavy rain in the vicinity of Los Angelfs
on the 27lh. Forest fires continued in Sonoma
Ccunty. ,
The weekly, report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENEIiAL SUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's this
week show the following changes in available
supplies as compared with last accounts:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 2,909,0W bushels; afloat for
and in Europe increased 4,700,000; total supply
increased 7,(i(i9,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increased 1,292.000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 543,000 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Hops 'are quoted firm and movinsr oft well,
and the local trade say that they look for a
still better market before long.
Wool remains as before quoted. Hides are
also unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 8%c:- Salted Veal, &%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 13@15%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 23«J
30c each; short wool. 4O£5Oc each; medium. 70
®90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2#2 50 for medium,
$1 25<Q1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry, $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for small and 30c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 2«c: dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and,
smooth > 50c; medium, 33c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%$4*4c Per lb;
No. 2, 4g4Hc: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San' Joanuln Lambs*. 9"fJ
12c; Foothill. 10@12c: Middle County, 115?13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18^20c: Nevada. 13
615c: Valley Oregon, fine, lSQUto; do, medium,
17@lSc; do, coarse 16@17c per lb.
HOPS — 22@2Cc per lb for California and 19
Q23c for Oregon.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
STOCK MARKET.
The Bean market continues quiet and more or
less easy, a» receipts are growing liberal, the
ehorts have all filled and the demand is slow.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 W>(02 75; Pea, $3 25;
Butters. $3 25; small W'hite, ?3©3 35; large
White, $2 75@3; Pink, $2 75(&2 90; Red, $2 90®
3; Lima, $3 50^3 70; Red Kidneys, $4; Black
eye, $2 C0@2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans, $1 40JJ 1
1 50.
.SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
Oigo'ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
194(g2%c; Timothy, C&UV-c; Hemp, 3»4@3%c
per lb; Millet, 3^3 %c; Broom Corn Seed, $2u@
23 Der Ion.
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 S0<£f2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 29.
Flour, qr sks. .. 17,S2a( Screenings, ska. » 2W
Wheat, ctls .... 4.874i Broomcorn. bdla 720
Barley, ctls 37.704' Sugar, ctls 50
Oats, ctls 2. 71 >7; Tallow, ctls.... 22*
Beans, sks 6.WV2 Hides, no ...... 883
Potatoes, sks... J12! Pelts, no 425
Onions, ska .... 04] Leather, rolls.. li)l
Bran, sks ;?l> Chicory, bbls.... 40
Middlings, sks.. 271i\Vine, gala SO.OCO
Hay. tons 3J0 Lime, bbla 40S
Straw, tons .... S Powder, cars... ' 40
Hops, bales .... 351 Quicksilver, flsk SIC
"Wool, bales ... 404
Receipts of Produce.
Wheat— Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 2% 0 3%
Closing 0 2% (5 3* 8
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 05 21 15
Closing 20 05 2115
Flour —
Opening 32 75 28 30
Closing 32 CO 28 30
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Retail Meat Prices.
The fcl'cwlnjr retail prices for meats are
Quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation :
... BF.KF — Prime Roast. 15318c; Por»erhouoe
Steak, 18@£2i,c; Tenderloin Steak. ?^@lSr;
fc;rloin ...Steak. 124015c; Top Round Bleak.
12 J ac; 'Beef Stew. lOf; Corned Beef, fe©10c;
Squp Bones, 4c; Sou» Moat. 6Q10c.
VEAL — Loiu Roast. K.fi^rtc; Shoulder Roast.
12 l 2 «515c; Chops 'and Cuilete.' 159^0c; Stew,
1S»-!&1OC.
MUTTON— Log. I2U«l5c; Fore<juarter, S'tf
K«c: Stew,. 8!g 10c: Prime Chops. 1^u.JT1Sc.
\u25a0 LAMB — !/>£,\u25a0 20c; Forequarter. 12^Qltic:
Hii:d<ruiart«-. l^^i2<>c; Shoulder Roast. 10©
aSK-c: t"fe^i>». 15fcl8c.
: -FORK— Uoast. 12«4S:Sc; Chops. 15&1SC.
"These prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
as it if impossible to quote regular prices en
them;; '
EASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST. . '
The weather continues clou<}y v . over .Cali
fornia, but will probably clear on. Wednesday.
The temr>«?rature has fallen *.;n>ut 12 degrees
In Northern Nevada and has . risen about \u25a0>
dt-prees in Oregon. In the great, valley of
California the temperature ha? be«n about 12
degites beiow the normal, witr afternoon tem
peratures of about 70 ciegreef. The weather
has been unfavorable for fruit-drying and
raisln-maklngr.
Forecast made ct'San Francisco for thirty
hours endinff midnight, September 30:
Northern California — Fair, warmer Wednes
day; " litfht northerly winds.
Southern California — ClouJy Wednesday,
breaking away during the day; fresh westerly
winds.
- Nevada — Fair; warmer W«?Jnesday. \u25a0 •
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; light south winds changing to brisk
westerly. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Rather more steadiness is reported In both
Hay and Feedstuffs, but prices show no varia
tion.
BRAN— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *20 50©2S per ton.
SHORTS — ?21 50fff22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24®23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2r.sg2G 50; Job
bing, $27©27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21ifr22;
Corn Meal, $32 50&33; Cracked Corn, $W&
:« 50; Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans,
?2S(g30 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $11@14 50, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11©13 50; Oat,
$10S$13; Wild Oat, ?9 50@U 50; Barley, $9©11;
Clover, $8 50(gll; Slock, $S@9; Alfalfa, ?3 50®
10 60 Der ton.
STRAW — 35igC5c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, lC@21c; dairy,
14©24c; eggs eteady at mark, cases Included,
lS«19c; cheese, firm. ll@ll%c.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 21,800 20,700
Wheat bushels 89,100 114.300
Corn bushels 9(30.500 6CB.SC0
Oats byshels 355.300 • 218.5C0
Rye." bushels 14.300
Barley, bushels 147,800 10.5C0
There is no change whatever in this market.
The demand for cured meats and barreled
roods is fair.
CURED MRATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 13c for light.
15%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
18 %c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%®15iic: California Hams, 15
@15Vic; Mess Beef. $11 CO per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 50; • Family, $13@13 50; prime Mesa
Pork, $19; extra clear. $25; Mess, $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7»4c per lb for
compound and 10%<810%e for pur3; half bar
rels, pure. ll@llV.»c: lo-Ib tins. HV4@H^c;
5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins, ll?4c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. !>%c; two tierces,
0V4c; five tierce^, OVsc per lb.
\
Though Chicago was firmer on the day the
market was reported in *n unsatisfactory state.
Stocks- are not decreasing aa they should at
this time of the year and the consumptive de
mand is from hand to mouth.
Provisions.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Fteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 80c; No. 2 red,
76-y 4 gf77 : »4c; No. 2 corn. 46c; No. 2 yellow,
4S : S4iJH9e- No. 2 oats 3<;%c; No. 2 white,
3t)%c; No. 3 white. 37@39c; No. 2 rye. «0c;
good feeding barley. 4Sc; fair to choice malt-
Ing r»l@5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. 9(<%c; No. 1
Northwestern, fl 01; mess pork, per bbl,
$11 $0(gll IK); lard, per 100 lbs. $10 25@ 10 50;
short rib sides (loose). ?S 87%C<9 25; dry salt
ed shoulders (boxed). $6 tf2%@<> 75; short clear
sides (boxed), ?8 75@9 25; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 23; clover, contract grade,
$10 75.
The millers report a' fair business In these
goods at unchanged prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. ?t 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 50@4 CO;
Oregon" and Washington, $3 90© 4 '20 per T>bl
for family and $;} 90^4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4j24 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5C©4 75;. Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour £t 50; Rolled
Oata. bbls.- $7- 25@S CO; ln-aacks, $0 75@H 10;
Pearl Barley. |U; Split Peas, boxes, ?7; Green
Peas. ?5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— \u25a0 /
September (new) 76% , 77% 7C% <i%
December (new) 77% 77 % 77 77 %
May 7S>4 78% 78% 78%
Corn No. 2 —
September 45% 4C^ 45% 45*4
December 4G% 40& 45T4 4«%
Hay ....... <; ... 45% 4C% 45% 40
September'."... 3C 30% 30 30%
December 3B«S, 37 30% l .m%
May 37% 38 37% 37»4
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 1175 11 90- 11 75 1190
January. 12 60 12 70 12 55 12 57%
May 12 00 12 77% 12 60 12 07%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 10 25 10 50 10 00 10 50
October 7 80 7 87% 7 75 7 SO
January 6 M ti 07% 6 02% 0 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 Ibe—
September i \u25a0 " °", ,
October 9 30 0 40 9 30 9 32%
January C C5 (i 70 « «5 - 007%
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%O
7c per lb; WMta Leail, ti%&7c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— 1 11^43 fcr focal u»e and
J42 5<l?r4J 50 per flask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated SaJt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. 51 1 y 1 '\u25a0;
Lales, common. $1 DOS Dairy, per ton, SIS 25;
Half Ground. $12 23^12 75; Rock Salt. $10 300
12 29: Imitation Livertocl. $13 i'^ll; Granu
lated. $13 23^(11 per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as fuilnws. per lb. In IW-lb bz^a:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Gra.nulated, fine, 5.«0c: Dry Granulated, c"nr»f,
5.C0c: Fruit Grarulated. 5.60c; Beet Granulated
tlCO-lb bags c-nly), — ; Confectioners" A. 5.W>c;
Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C, 5.10c; Golden C.
5o; J*I».'.! 4.tK)c; barrels. 10c more; half bar
rels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; SO-lb bags,
10c more for ail kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
»;.10c; boxes. O.r»3c per lb. No orders taken for
lesa than seventy-five- barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER — 1'ine. ..rClnary sizes. SlSiSVJ: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood, *ri.i - j:;; Lath. 4
fe»t. $:: 75; Pickets. 1221*28; Shingles. $2 o5 for
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $11 for *yllt
and $15 tor ?awn; Rustic, $10@12.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14%c; Pearl Oi' in cases. 21c; Astra!. 21e;
Star, 21c; Extra Star. 25c: Elaine. 27c; E>c«ne,
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
In cases, 23Vic: "jj^nzlne. In bulk. l-'Ic; In cosea.
l^'jc; Si-desrea Caaollne, in . built, 21c; in
cases. 27 %c.
TURPEINTINE^ — 80c per gallon In caa.-s and
74c In drums and Iron harrela.
Leathtr, I*u§;l6c per foot: Trace Leather. 4Otf
44c; Kip, unfinished, 4<;$i't0c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. tWtfc'Oc peif lb: Calf, finished, fi,V»$l p«T
lb; Wax s!<lea. IB© 17c per foot: Belt" Knife
Splits. U?/l«c; Rough Splits. M^lOc per lb.
TANBAKK — Ground, J2t'!&28 per ton; stick.
? ir. n is pvr ccrtl.
OIL — Linsee.i, 40c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrel*; ca3«-s, 3c more: Castur Oil. in cases.
No. 1. 7«>c; Eaicrs 1 AA, $1 10^1 12; Lucol, 4tc
for bollej and Sic for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, UOc; cases. B5c;
China Nut. 55€<70c per gallon: pure NeatsfooC
In barrels, 73c;- cases. JsOc; Sperm, t>u:v, V3*;;
Whale Oil, natural white, BOQWc per gallon;
P'lsh Oil, In bar^l.-", 45c; cases, 5Or; Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels, "Ac for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
Australian steadier brings up $1,250,000 in sovereigns.
Silver and Exchange rates cs before.
Shipment of $72-977 ™ specie to Hongkong.
il'ali street stocks rally sharply, zi'ith investment buying.
Local slocks and bonds still inactive.
iff
IV heat quiet and featureless. Freights still lozv.
Oats, Com and Rye as before quoted. Cash Barley week.
Fair demand for Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and FecdstutFs shading more steadiness.
Beans inactiz-e and zveak, zcith increasing supplies.
Butter slow and weak at the decline. Eggs steady.
Cheese market still overloaded with the ordinary grades.
Dried Fruits still in good demand. Nuts steady and Honey quiet.
Raisins being cut in New York.
Provisions not materially changed, cither here or elsewhere.
Hops firm and moving off well.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs plentiful at about previous prices.
Potatoes easy, Onions weak and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry coming in freely. Game in light receipt.
Cool, cloudy weather operates against fresh fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The trade continues to report an active and
firm market for Fruits, but. reports trctn New
York say that brokers are offering KuJalns at
concessions and that that market is conse
quently, unsettled. Nuta continue steady and
Honey Is still quiet.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, TftO'ic for Royals
and «311c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5®6c; Peaches. 5',i@7c; Pears." 5f«9c; Nec
tarines. 4#4%c for white: Figs, white, 4%@
494c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 53?7c per 1b.
PRUNES — 1003 crop. 2V>®3c for the four
Bizls; 1902 crop, 2-%S2»4c "for the fcur sizes.
RAISINS— Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters, $3 per 20-lb box; Deheaa clusters.
$2 60: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers. ?1 55; 2-crown London . Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, \\\Q~c p?r
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels, 6^0
6%c; 2-crown standard Muscatels, H^BUc;
Seedless Muscatels, So; Seedless Muscatels,
floated, 514c; Seedless standard Sultanas. 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard. 6c The follow
ing quotation^ on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7?4c;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, ltJ
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pa U
age, 6>4c; fancy. : bulk, per lb, IVi?; choice,
bulk, per lb, 7>4c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%c; No.
2. 10%c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. IOc; i»?w
Almonds, lie for Nonpariels. 10%= (or 1 X U
10»4c for.Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6S7c for Eastern; Pecans, ll^
13c ; Cocoanuts, $4 50<G5.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12%S13%c for white
and 9@llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted. 5%<S6%c; light amber extracted. 5c;
dark, 3%&l%c. , . :-. -,.»
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Mining— >
<^all loans 4 (So! Adventure 4\
Time loans 5%fitj Allouez 4V 4
Honis— i JJaltic 3S%
Atohison 4s 97$) Daly West 41
Railroads— IBingham 21
Atohisjn «3H|Cal & Hecla 430
Do pfd *7%iCentennial 15^4
Boston & Albany. 246 i Copper. Range ... 5O',t
Boston & Maine. 106 iDominlon Coal .. 09%
Boston Elevatrd..m ! Franklin 8'
N Y. N H & H..l!t.?% Isle Royale 0
Fltchburg pfd ...13i» Mohawk 3S%
Vn!on Pacific 70% Old Dominion ... 7V4
Mexican Central.. 10>4 Osceola r.2
Miscellaneous — Parrot is
Am Sugar 110% nulncy 80
Do i>fd 117 f-'anta Fe Copper. 1W
Am Tel & Tel 125--14 Tamarack „ 75
1'om Iron & Steel. 9?4 Trinity 5%
General Electric ..142 T'nlted States 18
Mp.ss Electric 18 Utah 24%
Meps EIcc pfd... 77 i Victoria 3>i
Inited Fruit 99 iVlctoria rr\V
U S Steel 16% Wincna 7
Do pfd OlSg, Wolverine 62
Westinghouse com C5 1
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 87% N Y Central 120
Cons for account. b~% Norf & Western.. 57%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89'
Atchison 03% Ontario & West.. 20»£
Do pfd SfliilPenngylvania 00%
Balto & Ohio 75%|Rand Mines J>
Canadian Pac . . . 122:i Reading 23
Ches & Ohio 28% Do 1st pfd 3«%
Chicago G W 14«4 Do'2d pfd 31%
C, M & Ft P 140 Southern Ry 1S%
De Heers ........ 1UK Do pfd 81
Den & Rio Grajide 20'A Southern Pacific . 40*4
Do pfd C0% Union Pacific ... 71^1
Erie 25i-4 Do pfd 87
Do 1st pfd C5 US Steel 11%
Do 2<l'pfd 4»S Do pfd C2
Illinois Central... 13OV4 Wabash 17%
"I>ouIk & Nash OOVi Do pfd' 28$
M.K&'T... :..;'. 17«i .
Bar silver, steady. 2%d per ounce.. Money,
SH^li** 1 " cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills ie 4rg;4% per cent,
and for three months bills 4'u j >„ per cent.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 00
Alice a I5;ontario ". 4 50
Bre«c« 12 ophlr 1 65
Urunsviick Con o4;Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel. . Oh%l Potosi 24
Con Cal & Va 1 jdi Savage 2."5
Horn Silvor 1 CO Sierra Nevada 68
Iron Silver 1 ;to Small Hopes. 20
Leadvllle Con 02Standard 1 15
I'nlted States C50 101 100 90
Wells- Fargo 195
Misceallanecus —
Am&l Copper 72.S0O 41 U 37% 40*i
Am Car and F 3,0(,0 24% 22% 24%
Am Car & F pfd .. 300 75% 73% 76
Am Lingeed Oil \u25a0 9
Am Linked Oil pfd 28
Am Locomotive ... 2,(300 15*^ WA 15%
Am Locomotive pfd 200 83 Vi S2% 8.'J
Am S & netng 5,000 41% S'J"i 41V1
Am S & Ref pid... 900 87% 87 S~Y* j
Am Sugar Ref 11.200 IIIVb 1C8 111 j
Ana Mining Co 1.550 70 68 C8 j
Bklyn Rapid Tran. 25,300 32?4 2U">4 32% •
Colo Fuel & Iron... ' 400 42Vi 41 41
Col & Hock Ccal.. 100 11 11 11
Consolidated Gas . . 2,700 168% 1C5 1CS%
General Electric .. 2.050 143*6 13!) 14.1%
Inter Paper 100 10?4 ,- 10% 11
Inter Paper pfd 300 61 60% 01%
Inter Pump 33% I
Inter l"ump pfd 6 70
National Biscuit ... 650 3(i% 31% 20%;
National Lead 35<» 12% 12% 12*4
North American .. 1,450 72 «8'^ 72 !
PaclHc Mall 8J0 18% 17% 10 I
People's Gas 4,000 91% 68 91%;
Pr« ssed S Car 200 33 30 33
Pressed S Car pfd.. 200 75% 70% 75% I
Pullman Pal Car. . COO 208 205 208
Republic Steel 3,900 9\i » 9% \
Republic Steel pfd.. 1.70K 01 CO Cl% i
Rubber Goods 900 14% 14% 14% I
Rubber Goods pfd '. . .... 64
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 5,000 33 30% 3'lVi '
U S Leather 4.400 C% 6*4 7 >
I* S leather pfd .. 700 77 75 7C : ,'i j
U S Rubber 10 j
IT S Rubber pfd ... 200 3S 37% 30
V S Steel 43.150 : 16% 14T* 16>,i !
U S Steel pfd 4.U.4CO 61% 6S»i 61%
Pvstern Union 300 81% SI 81
Total Kales SH2.30O
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept 2S>.— San Francisco bond
transactions, 15,000 at $79 25. 1000 nt
$7;> S3 1-3. 1CC0 at $79, 2000 at $70 12%, 1000
at ?70
NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s reg. :. .107% iL & N unified 4s. 07%
Do coup 1US j(Ian ccn gld 4s.. 101^*
Ho 3s reg 1C8VS Mexican Cent 4s.. 71%
Do ."is cp ex-lnt.lCD Do 1st income.. 13"»i
Do new 4s reg. 1.15 Minn & St L 4s.. 05»i
Do new 4s coup. 133 M, K & T 4s 97>i.
Do old 4» reg..lll% U. K & T 2ds 70!i
Do old 4s coup. 112% Natl RR Mex c 4s 75
j Do 5b reg 102% N Y Cent gen 3Hs 1)6%
| Do 5s coup 102% N J Cent gen 5s.l273«
i Atchison gen 4s.. o:t$i Northern Pac 4s.. 101
I Do adjust 4s... 89^ Do 3s 70%
1 Atlantic C L 4s.. 83% Norf & W con 4s 07'
j Baltc & Ohio 4s.. 101% O S L 4s & partic 87
Do 3%s 92% Penna conv 3V.s.. 04*i
! Central of Ga Os. 104% Reading gen 4s... 94%
Do 1st income.. 68 |t L & I M con Cs.lllii
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOH4.St L & S F fg 4s 7i»'
Chi & Alton •!%«• 72%;St L S W lsts.. 93
C, B & Q new 4s 90 % Seaboard Air L 4s 74%
C. M 4FtPj 48.104% Southern Pro 4s. 85%
C & N W con 7s. 131 Vi. Southern Ry 5s ..112
C, R I & P 4s fiOii.Texas & Pac lsts.li:V%
C, R I & P col 5s 72 iTol, S L & W 4s. 70
1 : O C C & St L g 4s 1)5%' Union Pacific 4s.. 99%
I Chi Terminal 4s.. 73% |U P conv 4s 'J'2%
I Consol Tob 4s 53% jU S Steel 2d 5s.. 70
j Colo & South 4s.. 82}4j-\Vaba*h lsts 114
I Den & Rio G 4s.. 09% I Do dab B 53%
. Erie prior lien 4s l*t;y 4 j\Vheel & L E 4s. 86
; Krie general 4s . . 82 Wisconsin Cen 4s. 8»
FtW & Den C 1st. 102 Cclo F & I Os 50
Hot-king Val 4%S.1O4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December • ..$1 0S& $1 Cl)% $1 WJVj U 09&
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 00% $1 UU% $1 C9% $1 C0%
OATS — Offerings are ample, but holders are
steady and there has been no further decline
for some days. The demand is rather light
at the moment.
White, $1 2O@l 32%; Black, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $1 20@l 22% for common and $1 25@1 30
for choice; Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — Dealers report a dull and easy mar
ket at unchanged quotations
Western, sacked. $1 42% for Yellow, $1 42%
for White and $1 40 for mixed; California
largo Yellow. $1 45<&1 50; small round do,
$1 70#l 75; White, $1 50 per ctl.
RYE — Quiet and unchanged • at $1 25@1 30
per ctl \u25a0 •
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2fi@2 50 per ctl..
Feed. $1 CS%@1 11%; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 17>i@l 22%; Chevalier $1 20@l 50 for
fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
Decsmber ..$1 38& . $1 «*% $1 %$% $1 SS%
. 2 p. m. session.
December '..$1 39 '"
BARLEY — Futures -mere higher, but the
cash grain was dull and weak, with $1 11%
the top for choice Feed. -
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club, $1 4.161 47 %: California
White Australian $1 B5@l t"0; Northern Club,
$1 42*4©1 45; Northern Blue Stem, $1 52%@
1 07%; Oregon Valley. $1 47% per ctl.
strong. This market continues quiet and fea
tureless.
CASH WHEAT.
50@75c per crate; other varieties, 30® 40c for
small boxes: \u25a0HjfiCUc for crates and 5i^iS5o
for larg? open boxes; Wine Grapes, $201i2j
per ton tor Zinfandel. *lSg20 for Mission and
115 for White.
MELON'S— Cantaloupes. $101 50 ptr crate;
Nutmeg: Melons, 40>iJ7ic per box; Watermelons.
lWllSo each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50®."* for fan
cy Valencia*. *2>&2 50 for choice and jltf 1 w
for standard; SeMllngs, $I©1 25: Lemons. ?lfr
3 per box: Grape Kruit. $2«2 50; Mexican
Limes, $« 50O7 5O: Bananas. $l<g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, J-ii.'i per dozen.
sequence. Trading was rather quiet the lat
ter part of the session, but a steady tone
prevailed, December closing Mic hieher at
77%@77Hc.
Corn followed wheat in its upward tendency,
ruling strong with much covering by. shorts.
December closed V6@%c higher at 40%c.
Oats were firm early in the tension, due
largely to the strength In other grains and
the market received lair support from brokers.
December closed at a gain of ] .4©i4c at
With the exception of pork and lard the
provision market ruled firm on a tood de
mand from brokers. An advance of 5c In the
price of hogs, with light receipts at the yards,
together with the firmness In corn, gave a
better tone to prices, but trading was light,
with offerings scattered. October pork closed
15c higher, lard up 5c, while ribs were 7 Vic
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£=? / \u25a0 £* ' £**
ALCTION SALE of horses, names*, wagons.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 30. at 11 a. m. Arcad?
Horse MaRket, 31*7 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOYL^I.
auctioneer. .
AUCTION SALE AT UNION STOCK YARD.
THIRTEENTH AND HARRISON sts S. P"..
SATURDAY. Oct. .;. i:n;:. at 11 a. m." Fifty
head broke and unbroke Horses. Must be soul.
as property has :hanged hands. ;THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
12
\u25a0ITBLP WAVTEn— MALE— Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY?
520— Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff. S. F.
STEAMER SAILS THIS MORNING; CALL
EARLY, AS THIS IS THE LAST SHIP-
MENT TO ASTORIA— OREGON— NEAR
PORTLAND.
ASTORIA — FEE $1 FARE $3.
ASTORIA— CALL EARLY TO-DAY— Fee $1.
25 laborers, $51 and found ; 25 rockmen, $50
and found; call early and go to A-S-T-O-R-
I-A,
STEAMER SAILS THIS MORNING; CALL
EARLY TO GO TO EUREKA — EUREKA,
HUMBOLDT CO. HALF FARE.
25 laborers. R. R. work in woods for large
lumber company steady Job year round.
HALF FARE— 1-FEE $1 $40 FOUND.
5 machinists, large lumber company; call
early to-day. $3 50 day; very cheap fare.
10 laborers, private E. R. R. near city; steady
Job; board where you please; pay weekly,
|2 day; FEE $1
BUTTE CO. — Diamond Match Co's Work.
CHICO-j-FEE $1— HALF FARE.
150 teamsters, . laborers, rockmen. concrete
men. spikers, trackmen, etc., $2 to $'- 50
day; 10 tunnel men, $C0 found; ship to-night.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
25 teamsters, laborers, $2 25; fee $1.
NEVADA— RENO— BEOW AWE— GOLCON-
DA. FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
25 laborers; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work.
2!> labcrers, factory $2 10 to $2 40 day.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
10 larerers. handle and truck grain. $3.
5 teamsters, large ranch. $40 found.
ilO miners, north, east and south.
300 muckers, carmen and laborers, mines.
R00 men; woods, yards and mills in seven
different counties of State; see us.
BIG TUNNEL— Near City— Free Fare— Fe«
20 muckers. $60; 20 tunnelmen, $75.
800 laborers, different Jobs; big wages.
6 barkers, lumber company; boss here, $40
found.
Fanner and wife. Nevada; bosa here 10 a.
m. to-day.
100 woodchoppera. tiemakers, shingle bolt
makers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers, eto.
Call and procure a free list of Jobs; also
read our bulletin boards.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
620 Sacramento at., San Francisco.
WANTED — A drug clerk for Fresno; regis-
tered assistant; will pay $15 a week. Apply
at REDINGTON & CO.'S. between 2 and 3
this afternoon.
OFFICE boy wanted by insurance firm, be-
tween the ages of 12 and 16 years; address
application in applicant's handwriting. Box
1205. Call office.
SALESMAN, traveling or local; staple article
as side line for drug and kindred trades; full
control of territory; pocket sampls case.
BAYER. 06 Beekman St.. New York.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland. Cal.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and 60c. while you wait at 563 Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.?
WANTED — A sober and handy man about the
house. Apply between 8 and 10 a. m., 18
East st.
WANTED— First-class marker and distributer;
permanent position to good man. 3372 Mis-
sion St.
FOR. sale — Barber's nice two-chair shep, at
half value if sold at once. 2522 Shattuck
ave., Dwlght station, Berkeley.
CASHBOYS wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.
WANTED — Feeders for platen presses. Apply
SANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
MAN thoroughly experienced in stationery;
salary $100; full particulars. Box 4037. Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d at... Exam. bid.
ENGINEER wanted; state salary, experience,
married or single. Box 1202, Call.
WANTED — An office boy; apply 9 this morn-
, ing. 1005 Call building.
STEADY waiter wanted at 822 Battery gt.
WANTED— Coat maker; steady work. S056
Twenty-fourth st.
BOY about 16 years to run stitcher In printing
office. 1037 Market st.
DAY cashier. 29 Stockton st.
COOK and dishwasher wanted. 108 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS barber; short hours. 709 Geary,
corner Hyde.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 205 Scott st.
WANTED — Two oyster men. 469 Seventh St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Youds man from IS to 2O yeatb of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and II
a. m. at HALE BROS.'.
WANTED — For the U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied. unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
\u25a0 good character; must epeak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of .the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis Bt.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222V6 N. Main
tt.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra,
mento. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 230 rooms; 25c to BOc per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between" y and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Errand boy4. CAILLEAU'S. Ill
Kearny st.
SOLICITORS for portraits on the Installment
plan; big commissions. S32 Howarl st.
FIRST-CLASS cleaner. Apply BARLING'S
Cleaning and Dyeing Works, 22 Colllngwood.
BARBERS — 2-chatr shop, cfgar stand," for
sale. RICHARD, 14 Sansome St.. room 50.
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; 16 years. KVJ
Mission st.
STEADY, reliable German, tend bar: generally
useful ; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush at., room 4, third
floor.
FIRST-CLASS eoatmaker. to work Inside; good
wages. 1103 Market st.
3 LABORERS. Fourteenth ave. and N st.
south; take Kentucky- jtreet cars.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted- good
pay. .11, TRAUNER. 700 Sutter st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; rent paid until
October IS. 229 Hayes st.
FOR sale — Good-paylne 3-ehaIr barber shop
Apply 229 Fourth st.
GOOD experienced cutter: no other need ap-
ply. S. N, WOOD & CO., 740 Market St.
, WANTED — Energetic salesman for outslds
, work. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush St.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d St.
.PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S F
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st!
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and dtibscrlptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damn?Pd. naif
price. BC3 Mission St.. bet. .1st and 2d sts.
GET your shofs half soled while waiting: 23c
to BOc. r>fi3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2rt »t».
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the mon«y
at JEPSEN BROS. CO., Inc.. the b!g store
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
GENTLE. 4-year-old Jack; will ride and drive-
big ranch horse. 79 City Hall ave. '
A BLACK carriage team. 7 and b years old-
. eound and gentle. Box 7041.' Call.*.'
FOR' sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030
Call office. :'> j
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd sur-
rey.harnesg. work. driving horses. 18th-Va lencla
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st. •
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for »al» ch»ap. K32 Mission >t.
: HOUSES WANTED. ~~
WANTED — Unfurnished *. house ( no \u25a0 flat), not
less than; seven' rooms; Western Addition;
rent not to exceed $90 per month. Box 1631
Call office. . "
I5STJtU^>'TS~.Coii.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright jr, r
Filsher «j
Blnger m.-
'£ Steinways- $19.1 y»t
2 Cbickerings S"> :-,
2 Helnes 337
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase; lr.s:»:;.
rner.ts. 54 up.
HEIN£ PIANO CO.. 233- 2S7 Geary «.. la-,.
est exclusive piano house of th» We*t.
AN upright piant> shipped by high c!a.«*. Ci«;.
ern manufacturers will be at actual ..c-i'
to save return at freight. £J7 Geary »•„.
STEINWAY uprlwht. left by prrrala p dr ;y
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU Jc not take any chances waon fcuy!-. ?
from js. Our methods are well knovn ".j -„
open and above board. "Bis barsain*. r. .,
big ads." Is our rule. All goods suarantA,. (
as represented or no sa>. Call and sec largm
assortment of r.ew and used instrument.*
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7UJ i!a.-I
ket st.
A FEW good bargains, from $C0 up. including
such makes as Mason A ILnmii, Vo.i-,
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Ki«s.irr. Klr*.
mann. Carlitt. Weser. Pease. Kohler .» Chan*
and many others; easy payment?. I-ct.J. Cur-
taz & Son, lfl O'Farrell: no branch ••% in 9. p.
THE greatest opportunity erer oKer^d In rfan
Frmn -lsro to ch a good reliable piano c!i«ap.
Before our removal we -will aacriflce any m-
strument for cash or installments. Call or
write for prices an«l terms at once. KOHLE'j
tt CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O'Farrei:.
WANTED — 3 good square pianos. I concert
grand piano. 2 organs for halls. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
A STECK & Gabler upright, nearly new.
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
. RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant hu-.i
grade upright. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage, 1638 Market sT.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright plaac-
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil laa claao
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR vlollna. zithers, old and new H
MtJLLER. maker, repairer 2 Latham piaea.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cent*— The Weekly Call
K, pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $i p, r Tea?
United States or Canada one year for $1.
JJFFICm AXD STOItES TO LET.
STORE, bar, 4 rooms; all fixtures; weight*
and measures; stable, 4 stalls. 3o3 30th st.
LARGE store and two living rooms: has *\u25a0*\u25a0 -i
branch bakery 4 years. 147S Valencia st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st. rocm 1.
PIAXOS AXD ORCAXS.
PART of our list ot barsains la second-hand
pianos for September. 1U03;
Original
Prlc* Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition $330 jr;S
3 EMERSONS—
Two in walnut cases and one la
oak, small size, carved panels.
three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
dition, each 373 223
1 FISCHER —
Mahogany case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano .., 373 223
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size, latest
- style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new.. 300 219
1 C. A. STONE 4 CO. —
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 350 250
1 ESTEY—
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves. In good condition 400 220
1 BRUENN —
Walnut case, cablaet grand, 7 1-1
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
.equal to new 430 260
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY *: CO..
Corner Kearnv an-1 Sntt»r »t«
PERSONALS. \
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yellow and Cabby skin, birthmark*,
smallpox pittinss and scara scientiacally i —
moved without cutting, manage, electricity cr
me41cine»; special demonstrations this we'll.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Gaa.-.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures daalruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or «tickfne?»;
cleanses scalp: at druggists, hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..VV:.S Poifc.
NOTICE~~to the Public — From thl3 date I will
not be responsible for bills or dehta con-
tracted in my name by any person nithuut
ray written order. Dated this 2Sth day of
September. 1803. WILLIAM DKEYER.
BItAUX — Professor Martin, graduate ir.ai>seur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary- T>1.
Exchange 210.
NOT hew cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of ;he Rapid Rotiry
Ptandurd. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICLVN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
maa«ntiy morthine. cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant a»e.,
corner Sutter »t.; fee moderate.
A GENTLEMAN wants to form the acquain-
tance of California lady: object matrimony.
Address box 1SOO. Call office.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1859 Polk st.; consultation free; call or writ*.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. 6TRATTON h&s r»-'
moved his office from 223.1 Mission st. to
rooms S73 and 374. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
HAIRDRESSING in all branches taught: $3 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Pate Hairdres3ing Parlors.
102G Market St.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
tt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cc«t, uncalled far suits, overcoats
and trjiisers. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Marlcet st.
I ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; SO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOd. lTtt
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUPERFLUOUS hall & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse.1170 Market.
THE best place to v buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL styles halrdressing 23c: hatr goods; mani-
curing. 23c O. IjEDERER, 123 Stockton sc
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dresa pants $2 30.'
Mlsflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Busa and Dupes:.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wtga.
country crder». GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mist
ALFREDCM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair t9 its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hatr and moles removed with elec*
trie nendle Mrs, te Miss Eaton. 1119 Suttsr.
PALMISTItT.
MME. DEVAS — Sdentlflc palmist and astrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to S, and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 313
Taylor at., near Geary. Phono Black Wl. *
PAPERHA.\CIXC. PAIXTIXC, ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; tintin?. painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 310 I'A st. :tfl. Main 41 '-
PHYSICIAXS AXD SCIIGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OfJlce and residency,
1O21V4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paM to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats a'l diseases cf the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: new lo-.
cated at €67 Geary st.. rear Leaven worth.
DR. TO.VG TO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor: cures all .ilseases of humart
by use of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH d'..«-
rases cured by Chinese ti»rb;«. 7*f»-* ('lay »t
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7US-
731 Howard «t.. near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-ROPOLPH Storage ft Moving Co. o?-
fice Post/md Powell sta.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 3-t.t Golden Gate ave.; phone- East \2A.
GOLDEN West Storase ; advances made; SJJ
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 911. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson ?SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t. : tel. Malp 1S4O. Shipping at cut rat*»,
SEAVIXG MACHIXES AXD St'PPLIci
I*EW HU11K sewing maenme, ;Ms week only.
$10. 515. $20: uliRhtly used: needles 20c uoz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1031 Marjc-t «t.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT B A RGA1N sTn~ T YPEWmTERS^ Wi
sell better machines for less ruon.-y than any
hoU3e m the city; rentals $J. The Typewriter
Exctanso. 5-1C California; telephone Main 20«.
A FEW good typewriters at S3O each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 UoOU
- gom*ry st.
2D-H AND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriter Xnspec. Co.. 50S Market.
EXPERIENCED camp cook seeks an engage-
ment. Box 4007. Call.
I A REFINED, honest JaDanes* wants position
as fiisc-claes cook; best reference. Box
I 4OC8. Call.
JAPANESE couple want 'positions; man to do
best cooking and wife as waitress on table
and housework; speaks well. : S. .-Y.,~. 440li
Jepsic st.
JAPANESE wants good place to work in store
or factory; tel. Baker C20. P. B., 1212 Point
I Lobes ave.
I A JAPANESE hiRh f^h-jol student wants posl-
I tlon as schoolboy; plain cook; $2 week, nice
room. SAKA. S07 Polk st. \u25a0
A YOUNG Japanese good boy wants position
as elevator boy at night. F. NAKAGAWA,
52S Stevenson St.; tel. Mint 32-4.
i A GOOD Japanese boy . ws»nts . position of
; schoolboy. GEORGE FUJITA. 1329 Pice at.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ond
1 subscrintions has been established at 1090 Va-
j lencla st. - .
F1XAXCIAL ; L _
4 PER CENT TO C PEK CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Ccmr*ny Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
Writ* tor information to ' • ' - -:>» »*\u25a0
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward building,
San Francisco,- Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security If required. Address box
! 1283. Call office.
FLATS TO LET. _^
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st.. en the sQuare.
$20— ELEGANT upper sunny corner flat; 6
rooms and bath; 3 Merritt. Apply 4602
j Eighteenth St., west of Castro. /"- '
BEAVER, 57. one block from Market and Six-
teenth sts. ; new 9-room flat cheapj
j STEVENSON. 724, bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2
\u25a0 flats of 4 rooms.
GROVE. 794— Upper cor. flat; 7 rooms; bath,
storeroom; adults. Easton, Eldrldge & Co.
TO let— Modern flat of 6 rooms and bath. 838
Fulton St.; adults.
SECOND ave., 606. near McAllister et. — New,
modern upper flat C sunny rooms; $27 60.
$37 50— SUNNY upper flat, one flight. 7 room";
rear entrance and yard. 1651 Bush at.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
« NICE furniture 4 rooms for sale; no agents.
351 A Minna st.
FURXITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 11C5 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BUKD. auctloneer,lS18 Mkt.; tel. Ho ward 2750.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. H.VNSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress. $30.
Waitress and chambermaid-waitress, country
hotel. $25.
Waitress, first-class country hotel, steady
work, $25.
Second girl, sanitarium, city.. $20. •
Waitress and chambermaid-waitress, same
house, city. $20. , _ .
Nurse, institution, city. $20.
Cook and helDer, country restaurant, easy
place, $70.
Man and wife, cook and dishwasher, coun-
try. $70.
Waitresses. chambermaids, cooks, laun-
dresr^s, $20-$40.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Man and wife, cook and gardener, party here,
$6Q; cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nurse-
i girts, $15-*30; second girl, $25; infant's
nurse, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st.
WANTED — German nurse for twins, $30: 16
cooks, $3O-$35, • with and without washing; 2
maids and seamstresses, $30; parlormaid,
$30; 3 nursegirls, S20-J25; 5 second girls,
$20-$25; cook, small hotel, $35; cleaning
woman, boys' home, $25; dinlngroom girl,
sanitarium. $20; 4 chambermaids, wait one
meal. $20-f25; housework, San Rafael, $30;
man and wife as cook and porter, hotel. $45,
and 40 houseglrls, city and country. $20-$25-
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
gutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
: West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc; 1233 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
t at lilRhest wages; day and eve. class; call.
' A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seaeens taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
BEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS tt CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
, WANTED — First-class skirt and alteration
hands. Apply between 0 and Ha. m. at
HALE BROS.' -^
WANTED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Flret-class lroner on starch work
of «all kinds; permanent position for good
worker. 3372 Mission st.
WANTFJ3— German girl or woman to assist
with light housework and care of 2 chil-
dren. 1134 Fell Pt.
GIRLS to tew on hooks and eyes and buttons
on ladies' waists; steady work. KONIG-
STEIN. 2S First et.
. WANTED — Mnkers for trimming department.
UNION HAT CO.. G7S Mission Bt.
• WANTED — An experienced wrapper. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market St.
PANTS finishers; steady work. Call t-j-day,
P.OYAL PANTS CO., 223 Kearny st.
• HOUSEKEEPER for a private place. Apply
from 9 to 11 a. m., main hall, 421 Post st.
\u25a0 FIRST-CLASS skirt and waist hands. 1913
Sacramento Bt., near Franklin. :-. * \u25a0.-.,.
! A MIDDLE-AGED woman for two in family.
417% Third St., between 1 and 3 p. m.
A NEAT girl; must be a good cook; good
wages. 1180 O'Farrell st.
' WANTED — Girl to work In bakery. 836 Third
street.
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands. J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Young girl for light housekeeping;
no cooking. Apply 1566 Union st.
WANTED — Girl do cooking and general house-
I work; refs. Apply mornings, 1709 Baker st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
42 Stanley 6t.. bet. First and Second.
1 WAITRESS wanted. Capital Restaurant, 200
McAllister St., above Hyde.
: WANTED— A mlddle-lged, neat, Industrious
woman for housekeeper on a ranch; no ob-
jections to children. Apply 1135 Mission st.
j for particulars.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats; steady work; high wages. - 533 Na-
toma st.
1 GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES St HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p.- m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED— Swedish or German laundress and
chambermaid at 1721 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on coats
. and skirts. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework; call Wednesday. 1817 Oak st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Ma r-
ket st.
A GOOD 5 o'clock dinner waitress. " Call after
0 a. m.. 459 Geary st.
WANTED — Lady cook for small hotel. 1300
Etockton St., near Broadway.
WANTED — A counter girl who can talk Ger-
man at 19 Powell st. -
2 LADIES of good address to represent a hlgh-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. ' Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED. advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
A, BRANCH office tor Call advertu-rcents and
luHerlptlnns has been established at 109«
Valencia st, . •
SAX FRANCIffO CALL*.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf tf4 u*r. Fnaclseo
Ca;i. corner Market an! :•:\u25a0.; .j Armfim: rven
«r.tU 12 o' clock every BlctS ~ .i' yY&r.
BRANCH OFFICES- -rT Kfi&i«a%ferj fteet.
corner Clay; open un'.'. '.*;:.) r>, n<.
200 Hayes street; Open u-'J.l 'l.tt p. ex.
C33 McAllister stree.. £pm tntll '*:'~> p n>.
t-I5 Larkln street; cjjwa -raCi. »-!;;» p. n~
1841 Mission atree- ; l j*n •i:::il Ifi t\ .t.
ZZtl Market ttr*»i, conbjrr &xt*cstii open
urtil 9 p. m. /
ICC Eleventh st---: <: 3 ;. a.
1096 Valencia «=' \u25a0•• • \u25a0..»• U) 9 : a.
Ncrtheast corB' turvt. *r : * -r .-. . itreets;
cp«n until 9 p. •
Northwest con \u25a0 < \u25a0 " • . , • id Ken-
tucky streets: c
22P0 Fillmore ;rf#c \u25a0 m.
MEV.-.V. \ _
mount moi :.C:r~r£-v *"• o
and A. M. ,'.:\u25a0\u25a0,' ro . . IIS "VX
(WEDNESDAY] EVENING ":3<> /V\
o'clock, tie' ,1 '•-*,,*\u25a0
THE«-» - - Secretary.
ckockett" . r nd a. «
M-— Third : .. -»NES-Vy
DAY) EVI . .-.•\u25a0\u25a0 :k. /V\
R. H. .: - • . - - • taryj;
EXOELSIOJ : : . v.se >" -' in<* A - &„,
M— Secon fHIS '.' \u25a0 ONES- Vy
DAY) EV . ' *. /VN
\u25a0\u25a0-. CN. \u25a0 iry_-
mission il~£r<T si«*yti *\u25a0• m-
— Called - i'.S <".'\u25a0' NES " XX
DAY) E > # . -"lock-- /V\
Third d . Tr-c'u- Calt '
fornis. L ,c N-v .', F : \u25a0< M., will con-
fer the .. .. A'. Secretary.
TO the r fte:» * jrf3»n%W_ K
of the - j^X-DrO^s,
cores' Union .
Local 222. of the 1. L. al. *=? mVr^SS^
and T. Association— The detail beginning
with Manuel Alexander and up to and includ-
ing James Byers are hereby notified to as-
semble at our hail. 603 Front St.. TO-DAY
(WEDNESDAY). Sept. SO, at 1 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
JOHN A. WARNES. By order of
THOS. F. BRYANT. President
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hereby given
that pursuant to an order and resolution of
the board of directors of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company adopted at a
me<t!ng of eald board duly held at the offic*
!of the company in the City and County of
tun Francisco, fctate of California, en the
11th day of August. 19O3. a meeting of the
*i"Ckholdt-rs of San Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Company will be held at the office ot
the company, number 415 Pest street, San
Francisco. California (tne same being the
principal place cf business of said corpora-
tion and the building where the board of di-
rectors usually n.e<?t). on Thursday, the 22d
day of OctGber, l'.<03, at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the puri>oee of acting and feting
upon the proposition to create a bonded in-
debtedness cf raid corporation to the amount
in tb.e aggregate of ten million <10,Oi)0.u0a)
doilars. United States gold coin, for the pur-
pose of acquiring property to be used in car-
rying on the business cf the corporation and
in order to provide funds for other legiti-
mate end necessary purposes of the corpor-
ation, such bonded indebtedness to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property cow owned by said corporation, or
which It may hereafter acquire. By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Eeeretary Ean Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from Middle Tuba Mininr Company,
in La M!na del Diablo mine, near Sierra
City. Sierra County Cal. draining into ra-
vine which drains into Middle Yuba River;
from South Yuba Miring and Development
Company. In Melster mine, near Emigrant
Gap. Placer County. Cal.. draining Into Dia-
mond Creek, which reaches Tuba River: from
Toy Kee. in Fairplay mine, near Scales.
Plumas County. Ca.1.. draining into Rock
Creek, which reach** Yuba River, gives no-
tice that meeting will be held at room 99.
F'.ood building. San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 12. 1903. at l:S0 p. m.
6TOCICHOLDERS' MEETING — Notice is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
ftockhclders of The Bank or California will
bf held at the banking house in this city on
TUESDAY. Octcber 13. l!<03. at 11 o'clock
•u m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ATTO It N E Y S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS?
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market et.. offices 1. 2. 3, 4 and 3.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y cr.e can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising Is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. SS. C16 Market: tel. Red (SI*: bad ten-
ants ejected epeefiily and reasonably; collec-
tlcr.s attended to; attachments ; corporation*
crganlzed; civil ar.d criminal practice.
UOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner b'.d..
room 611; nil cases, damages, estatee, will*,
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cos* in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rases; no fees In advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market et.. r. 31.
L. S. CLAKK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AlTKEN k AITKEN, nUorneys. rs. 309-10-11.
Ciur.ie bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law bUEinesg. W. W. Davidson. 827 Market.
IJIVORCK — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open «ven-
lnirr. £27 Market rt.. r(v>m 301.
niSI\ESS CHANCES.
FOR i>ale — Furniture, carpets and good will,
new brick epartmeol house of 175 rooms, in
city'e ewellest locality; partly furnished: al-
though jUEt opened is over half-filled with
regular tenants already; long lease; If you
want Rijartmeat house don't fall to get par-
ticulars of this at rooms H04-1405, Call bldg.
TO let — Rooming Iiouk; <Jlnlng-ruom and kitch-
en, with rarire. tables, etc.; suitable for
t^amfters and workinnnen. Apply room 14,
2ti Montgomery st.
*r>000 BUSINESS; pays annual profit $4000; or
half Interest for ?l.V>0 to good honest man in
country. Room 4."<5. Palace Hotel, 1 to 2 p. m.
20-ROOM lodging-house and saloon; estab-
Il5fcfed 12 veart; low rent; lease. Box 1203,
Call.
FOR sal* — Rertaurant; any reasonable offer
accepted; rrtafolished 15 years. 175UVi Mission.
|M PER cere, choice of a.%00 acres oil land in
Devil'* t»en oil rtistrl'-t. Kern Co.: chance of
your life. Cm. 43«, Palace Hotel, 1 to 2 p. m.
HOTEL, furniture and bar fixtures for sale in
good mining camn in Nevada Co. For par-
\u25a0 ticulara inquire at 1157 Howard St.. S. F.
MORNING »iaper route for Bale; 550 papers; a
bargain. Box &30. Call. Oakland. "_"__
FOR sale — A good-paying cigar stand; cheap.
334 Fourth tt.
GOOD paying shoe shop for sale; 11] healt'j
cause of selling. 4215 Eighteenth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
Klcknew. Call «33 Third st.
SNAP— S-room lodging and boarding house, all
full; clears f75 mo.; $350. 1031 McAllister.
5250 BUTS paying fruit store. Apply GEORGE
HUXRICK, opposite Berkeley station.
GOOD-PAYING eaJoon for sale cheap, account
of eickr.ff5. at iiMfO Howard st.
LODGIXG-HOfSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
f8 rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 room*; corner; part cash; tval. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
HO rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 nns.; apartments; Western Add.; rent 230
Money loaned at 1 oer cent.
Hotels. r<.sdhouF"f. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
S2 ROOMS; all on one floor; choice, sunny
* comer; retiring from business. For par-
Urulars addrens br.x P2S. Call office. Oakland.
CAHI'ET BKATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice ccld, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal cr injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 8237.
WKFN you become disgusted with your work
tend for SPAULDDTO'S Pioneer Carpet-btat-
Inr Wcrks. 355-S37 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rtson si. Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 228.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
rroprletor. SS» Guerrero st.; tel. Mlsulon 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating;
tr.tttretsen made over. 1432 Howard ;South 2H
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Putter st.;
t»l. Main 3P»4. GEO. WALCOM * CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; price*
teesocable. 1703 Harrison st. : tcl.MUslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-txattr.g Works.
CO LLECTI OVOF g^ 1^'
BAoTenants ejected for $4: collections made;
rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECT1OV
CO.. il3 Montgomery, room* 9-10; tel. B5!W.
SPIRITUALISM. j
C V MILLER'S special materializing seance
"to-morrow. S p. m.. $2; friends only. lCSt
Bush st. I
PROF. Fred P. Evan?, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular, j
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 887.
EDWARD EARLE. 10C2 Ellis. readlEjcJ daily.
»:*n to 4: Ktanops fiunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
My Regular $3 Readings This Week
$1 M $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 i
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE. i
Tfce First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and |
Palmist ever in San Frapcisco.
I di hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
name occupation and what you' called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
cr ETvettheart is true or falfe; I tell you '
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
jcur character po that you will reach the
highest i<o»slble development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to ; earn
wealth- no you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
8 P. M. : Sundays,2 to S. 320 O'Farrell si.. 328.
MMeT'm. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Kxaminer
bldg. ; the rsads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, itveals tne
present happiness and portrays events to
occur !n the future: if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, cr have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told bow to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
cf life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
1EMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
calintst permanently located at 1104 Mar*et
»t cor' Turk- private readings dally. 10 a.
m'.' to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time imiy; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. H02 Franklin, near Grove.
A— lime. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
cames given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Marktt.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
i .-..V.n Mlr.na St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
j MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladies 2.'»c, gents 50c; no sign. 413 Mason st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26Vj Kearny, room 20: ladlea 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. EHAFKR. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44fiVfr J»snle ft., bet, g'h and 6ta.
J CHIROPODISTS.
' DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
i ailment s of the feet cured: corns. bunlons.elc.
_ ______
I DR~cfRUSS. 504-5-0 Callaghan bldg.. Market
end McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
lr.g. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
1 without pain. For demonstration and proof
j call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Elerenth
— No charge for extracting when plates art
rr.ede: old plates made ever like new; teeth
from $8 per get: extracting. 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The 'Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates $3: full set ;all work palnlees and wax-
j ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set t^eth $1 50 up; crowes $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 76e; silver 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. HO Taylor.
DYEIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
fcEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
WEALD'S 'BuWlNESS COLLEGE7i24~Postr~s7
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
l&nguageE, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. V£i Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions^
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured lor
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.'
1 THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
' for the university, law and- medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feeaor; day. evening cessions. Phelan bidg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive; reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'b School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
tt., 6. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mecb... sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1364. Vao
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday €\-enlngs at Teutonla Hall, Howard
tl.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 030 GoMen Gate
ave.; full bueir.ets course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOX'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlfslon.nr.^th.
THE "Kingsland Art Shop" opens Oct. 1,' cor-
ner Halght and Devisadero sts.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
PIttman shorthand, typing, hookpg.. $3 nr.o.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOK.I, 421 Post St.; tel. Busb~liS^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; -fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPUEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 115
Etockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Stung 1 *, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51bt».
CHINESE and Japanes- help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main I!t97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
THOROUGHLY flret-class stenographer desires
position; experienced in law, mining, com-
mercial work: will leave city; phone Pine
245. Box 1204, Call office.
RESPECTABLE weman, good cook, do »ome
washing in private American family; kind
to children; best of references. 794 Folsom.
WISH position as cook in a private family.
Call at 224S Bush st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation to do
chamberwork; boardlng-houts or small
hotel. Box 4011. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes work by the
day or month. K. WALL, 21 Sherwood
place, bet. Mission and Howard, off Third.
POSITION in first-class private family; Jlght
upstairs work; no sweeping; excellent seam-
stress. 209 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework or mind
child in San Mateo. Box 4000. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
- Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister Rt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
10 PER CENT of salary willbe "paid by"~com^
petent fireman and assistant engineer for
information leading to steady employment;
industrious, sober; flrst-claes references.
Box 4385. Call office.
GOOD, sober man with some experience at
painting wants steady work at same. Box
4035. Call. .
IF you want a reliable, single, middle-aged,
experienced American aa cook or general
utility man in small family or club, sub-
urban locality preferred, address WV G.
WILLIAMS. S21 Ellis St.
YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, . re-
liable. Industrious and capable, desires to
secure a better position in that capacity.
city or country; references. Box 1647, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation; handy In and
around & private place; city references. Ad-
dre«s box 4375. Call.
ALL around handy man wants situation ua
coachman and gardener; country preferred;
best of references. Box 4374. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. sober and reliable, wants
situation as bilipasai-r; small wages if steady.
H. W.. 240 Third st.
YOUNG roan would like to learn packing in
wholesale house. . Box *584, Call of flee. .
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay St.,
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. CO, 000 MEN WORK.
6697 men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA OREGON
NEVADA, WILLITS, UKIAH
And all, points north, east, south, on Southern
Pacific and Santa Fa systems; free pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS
Extra Gangs, Teamsters, Hammersmen,
MINES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
9C miners all over State $90 and $82 50
165 drillers all over State $S2 50 and $75
864 laborers and muckers everywhere, $60,
$75 and $S3 50.
64 tlmbermen, carmen, furnacemen, $60 to $90
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY— $1 FEE
1S6 laborers, teamsters, drillers, etc., $75 and
$82 50.
FRUIT PICKERS, $1 FEE.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys, $30 to $37 50
and found. \
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
, 230 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 fd.
. 56 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30
to 810 fcund. \u25a0
26'choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., "$30
to $40 and found.
19 stablemen, city arid country jobs, $30 to
$60 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
\u25a0 y C34-63C Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS, PORTERS
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $3 to $75 fd.
12 waiters,- city and country Jobs. $25-$15 fd.
Office boy. run errands, city, $5 week.
16 elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers. So.
8 cabinet makers.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California, $59,
$60. $70, $80, $90 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
836 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills/' warehouses, excavating,
building, etc.; many in San Francisco; lots to
board home, $2. $2 25, $2 60, $2 75 day; 96
carmen and furnace men, $67 and $76.
S563 positions not advertised.
BEST PLACES AT^TURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 CUjr st.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
IN 4 STATES. *
<i33 laborers,' no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
106 mill and yard men, $50 to $150.
866 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for. woods,
mills, etc.. from $50. $60, $70, $S0. „.
$100. $125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT. - '
MARYSVILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
180 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $S2 50, $75,
$67 6a
BIG SAWMILL.
3 log loaders. $05; 2 timber fellers, $60.
Band sawyer.
SANTA CRUZ CO.
26 laborers to pile lumber, $60. !
WILLITS UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare,
$67 60.
NEW JOBS— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
55 laborers; anybody can do It; fare (1, $60.
Stableman, city, $15 week.
4 coopers, factory work. $3 25 day.
Painter, brush hand. 10c fare. $2 50 day. !
MARRIED HELP.
Man and wife, man milk 12 cows, wife cook
for 6 men, $G0 and found.
Butcher wagon job, fare $1, $35 and found.
Clerk, charge hat department, fare $1, $60.
Man. city coal yard, drive team, $2 day.
Painter. $3 50 day.
8 strong boys or young men. city mill. $2 day.
Krakeman. lumber company, $55 and found.
Head Dolbeer logger. $00.
RESERVOIR WORK.
00 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 25, $60,
$67 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners — OREGON — $3 to $5 day. .
— BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE —
63 tunnel men $S2 50
12 butchers, different jobs, $30, $35. $40, $60,
$70, $S0 and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, $2 25 day; handy man
I with knife, $2 25.
* 3 meat cutters. $15 week.
BEST WAGES— AT— MURRAY * READY'S,
BEST PLACES— AT— 031-636 Clay st.
~ —BOARD YOURSELVES—
— $2 25 a day — Steady work —
155 Greeks or Portuguese, new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians, new work.
165 Aujtrlans or Spaniards, -new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians, new work.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Grader, sugar pine lumber. $90.
Pipe man. lumber company, $2 50 day.
Teamster for mine, four horses. $40 found.
2 young men. learn leather tanning. $9 week.
Man and wife, ranch> easy \u25a0 Job. $50 found.
• - WAREHOUSE, $1 FARE.
6 laborers, you'll suit. $3 day.
4 laborers.' city factory, mills. $1 50 to $1 75
day.
Sausage maker. 50c fare. $60.
3 young men. factors', 15c fare, $9 to $12
week.-
Men handle furniture, city. $2 day.
Walter. Eureka, fare paid $35 and found.
3 fruit pickers.- San Luis Obispo. fare- paid.
Teamster, city. $2 25 day.
FREE FARE.
20 laborers. 9 hours. $2 25 day.
Meat cutters, shop, $15; shop butchers, $2 50
day.
TO EL DORADO COUNTY.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $60.
25 laborers, you'll suit $60 to $75.
FREE FARE — NINE HOURS' WORK.
27 laborers. $C7 60
155 ITALIANS — FREE FARE.
TO LOS ANGELES AND ARIZONA.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city, $3 a day.
, Cooper, factory. 15c fare. $3 25 day.
3 painters, stripe and letter, $2 50 and $3
day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A CLERK, our office, young man, living with,
parents in city. Call* after 5 p. m., MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and C36 Clay st.
. FREE FARE. "
25 laborers, board yourselves, good Job, 12
miles away, $2 day. Office fee $1. That's all.
HANDLEtWOOD.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
" TO-DAY. ~~ $2 50
TO EUREKA. $2 50.
$2 50. . EUREKA.
65 laborers for big lumber company, no ex-
perience wanted, ?60 to ?75 per month;
board ¥15 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634 ffnd 636 Clay et.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
C9 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON. GOLCONDA AND RENO.
8. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
199 laborers, $2 day.
We Ship Dally On, All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
91 section hand*, all parts of California.
Coast line and Western division.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
5 coal miners, 6-foot vein, $1 a ton.
CHICO— BUTTE COUNTY.
Half-rate fare. ?2 SO.
s DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Laborers, teamsters, track men, tunnel men.
\u25a0woodchoppers and right of way men, $50 to
$90 a month.
SHIP TO-DAY.
Reliable cook for duck-hunting party of 4, '
$25 a month and found.
Pipe-fitter's helper, city. $2 25 a day.
4 steel structural men, country, $3 a day.
4 8-horse plow teamsters, . $32 50 a month
and board.
It laborers, big company, $2 a -Jay.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
WANTED — Man and wife for family, $60. man
as gardener and wife as cook, etc., Alameda
County; man and wife for stock ranch, light
work, only 3 In family, $45; man and Wife,
man as farmer and wife \u25a0 housework for
country place In mountains, $50; man and
wife for small hotel, $45, man as porter, wife
as chambermaid and waitress; man and wife
for 45-acre vineyard on shares, splendid op-
portunity: . farm teamster and wife, grain
ra-ich. $55. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
ELECTRICIAN for small Ice plant. $60 and
board; flour miller for country, $60; 2 Jani-
tors, $20 and $30, for institutions;- \u25a0 milker,
$40; 5 men on farm, drive team, etc.. $1 25 a
day and board; stableman for private family,
$30; men to pick grapes, $1 25 and board;
brick burner, $3 day; helpers for 'boiler
makers;, harness maker, $2 50 day: wood-
choppers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Second cook, country \u25a0 hotel. $50;
restaurant cook, country, $40; night cook and
some i waiting, country, $35; two waiters,
country hotels, $30 and $35; porter for res-
taurant, $30; dishwashers and many others.
J.' F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton * st. — Walter,
country hotel, $30; waiter, country restaur-
ant, to take charge at night, $35; cook, re-
sort. ?35 for the winter: cook, family, Ger-
man preferred, $50 to $60: potwasher. hotel,
$25; dishwasher, $30; plain carpenters. $3 a
day, country: -laborers for private park, $26
and found: bellboy. $30; kttchen hand for
hospital, $20, etc. \-
A-^-HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
House porter, ?25; bellboy, $30,no room. , .
T 5 Y l our men ' a "hoes,. union . made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shde,s at $2 50, or
orthopedic shcxa, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
FIRST-CLASS salesman In* stationery store;
State age, salary, experience. Hox 1206, Call.
"HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. U MBS EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service 'absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
' St.. on the square. :---\u25a0\u25a0*.- \u25a0
7-ROOM house, $10: modern; to-day to good
tenant. Inquire 51 McAllister st. -----.-
BEFORE movlntr get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
- ... i
A CHARMING 7-room home, completely fur-
nished with elegant taste; reception hall.
- piano, garden; fine bastment; 123 Lyon st..
n«>ar Oak. on the Park Panhan'lle: open for
Inspection to-day from " to 4 o'clock: rent
$65. Apply on premises to-day or to BALD-
WIN & HOWELL.
FURNISHED house to let at reduced rent; 10
rooms and bath, with stable. 2628 Folsom
st. ; apply on premises.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — B!u3 an! sliver hat pin on Bush St.,
between Hyde and Larkln. Return to 1213
Bush st. and receive reward.
LOST— At depot in Sausallto. English pu*
dos 1 ; soar on right ear. Return to North
Shore R. R. effice; liberal reward.
LOST— Sept. 23, small package, containing 2
souvenir spoons; $2 reward at Call office.
LOST — Sept. 23, small package, containing 2
souvenir spoons; $2 reward at Call office.
LOST — Red book containing 2 checks and 4
street permits. A. Lynch. New Mont.; rewd.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
BAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1 COS 14 Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. , Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7S3 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment tlO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yra. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist ; a private home before and during
cenflnement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2935 Folsom St.. corner
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive of flee.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLIXERY.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
f N«w York haw. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR HOOF LEAK? ~~~~
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over oil
iron, tin cr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale cheap, $23. first-class ticket to Co-
lumbus, Ohio; suitable for medium blonde
lady; final limit Oct. 15, 1903. Address
Blondin, SCO K. St.. Sacramento, Cal.
A — Fire suite. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; cp-n to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open tfll 8 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITtLAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR sale — Million of good new hard brick;
at Glen EIImi. Apply to DR. C. C. O'DON-
NELL, 102)*4 Market St.
TRY our mi-r.'s shoes at $1 and $1 SO. pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
BOILERS. «nglr-es. 2d-hand machinery. McIX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
PARKER Bros, gun and Irish setter for sale.
Arply ltl Utah at.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rentai;
bargairs. Bullari & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
. GENE RILEY & EONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFE— Price $50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. 805 Kearny st.
j MOVING picture film and song slides. 10V
Montgomery st. V. -_
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECi£
& CO., 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAX. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: All
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monfgy.
3IISCEL1.AXEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HCLMeZ
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Ptorkton St. ; rh"ne Buph 4S-t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-U03 Examiner building.
Qjlck settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer;
. lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
vbsolute privacy; special rates to municipal
•jinployea and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-69 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtal.i
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84d
Market st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM ft TO $10.000.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their nets.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldy.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 70S Market.
MONF.Y loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle btdg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlne-houses. without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Pairott bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. TRSMAIN. room 31. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. JS3x Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. - of Wyoming loan.-* mon-y to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sxv.Bk.bliL
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
jprtr.r«<»r. MORRF.I-L. B09 Kxamlnir MriT."
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE rent the best piano in the city for $3 per
month; a few. fine ones for $3 5O; 0 months
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
new— the Scott Curtaz "Eljou." a Itttl*
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest doorway. For rent or for sale. The
- "McPhall" plaao: a magnificent Instrument.
- .The "Schiller" piano; best auallty for thi»
-'money on the coast. Some flg bargains in
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piano
Co.. 660-62-64 > Hayes st. : tel.. Fell 5761. ,
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
• G119 Maiwald.Agt. Pac. Coast," 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.Continued From Page .8, Column 1 5.
EDDIE HANLON DEFEATS YANGER,
Twenty-eight 4 00 4 20
West Shore 2 U0 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 CO : 2 00
Alameda Sugar 20 00
American Biscuit^.. 68 00 93 00-
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. .. .....
California Cotton Mills...... SS 00 95 00
California Jockey Club... 105 0O
California Shipping Co 25 00
Cat Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 8 25 0 50
Cypress Lawn Imp Co....... 6 25
Fischer's Theater 2 75 ....."'
Gas Consumers' Assn..... .22 50
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
Northern Cal Power. 9 00 8 50
North Shore Railroad ;. 0 00 '.....
Orpheum Company 15 25 16 50
Pacinc States Tel & Tel.. \u25a0 122 50
Parafflne Paint . . .. ........ 33 00 .....
San Francisco Drydock .47 00 ...'..
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 75
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Andes 15 16 Kentuck .... OI KS
Belcher ..... 23 25'Keyes ....V.. — «it
Best & Bel... 1 25 1 50* Mexican 100 I «
Bullion ...... 09 10! Occidental ... 2S .29
Caledonia ... 87 '<*) Ophir 1 «01tS5
Challenge ... SO aij Overman ....- 21 ' £\u25a0',
Chollar 22 23 Potosl 25
Confidence ... 78 81 Savage '.23 ,.25
C C & Va 1 30 1 35 Scorpion .... 03 0*
Con Imperial. 0.1 , 01 Seg Belcher.. 07 ,W
Con N Y 18 20 Sierra Nev... .57 -'.f-8
Crown Point. 1O 11 Silver -HU1... 53 54
Eureka Con..- 40 50 St Louis 10 \u25a0=-
Exchequer .. 13 1 1 iynuicp.te- ... — 0U
Gould & Cur. 20 21 Union Ctn...., «7 CS
Hale & Nor.. 51 W Utah : 12 l.J
Lady Wash.. 03 04 Yellow Jack.. 42 43
TONOPAH MINES. < j
Bid. Ask. ' Hid. A?k.
Colehan — 2U Paymaster . . 10 15
Esperania ... 02 — Rescue CO 10
Cipsy Queen.. 20 25 Ton Belmont.l 30 1 40
Cold Mountn. 04 05 T & Cal 13'*23
Har.nap*h ... — 15 Ton & O W.. — H>
Lucky Tom.. — 10 Ton N Star.. 41 ,«!
MacNaraara . 16 IS Ton Midway.. 42 4-t
Mont Ton .... 05 07 Ton & S Lake — 45
N Y Ton 02 W United Ton... 18 15
TUESDAY, Sept. 2»— » p. m.
Bid.Ask.> .* Bid. Ask.
Alpha 0O 07 Julia OS. M3
Alta 04 06! Justice OS ft»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
100 Esperanaa ... C3| 400 Pine Grove... 65
250 Gold Mountn. 0T> 100 Ton N Star... 4t
600 MacNamara . 17 400 Ton N Star. .. J£
$00 Mont Ton 97
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session,'
1000 Esperanaa ..." 03 1 500 Mont Ton.... &7
100 Gipsy Queen.. 27 750 Mont Ton....l 00
100 MacNamara . 17 -ICO Ton . K<?Imcnt. 1 45
200 MacNamara . IS 3CO Ton & Cal.... '£2.
100O MacNamara . 15|" 40O Ton of Nev..7 CO
200 Mont Ton.... l»S| ICO Ton N Star.. 40
Afternoon Session. £
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were ths sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. - ...T- . \u25a0
10 Belcher 201 1000 Julia 03
200 Bullion 0w| 10.) Mexican 1 W
200 Caledonia ... 8« 100 Ophir 1 7O
100 Caledonia ... 03 200 Overman .... 24
200 Caledonia ... l>o 200 Overman .... 23
400 Challenge ... 32 200 Potosl 27
150 C C & Va....l 45 20O Potosl 25
300 C C & Va....l 10 100 Silver H1U... 67
500 Crown Point.. Ml 100 Unton Con... 7S
SOO Gould & Cur. #231 »00 Union Con... 6d
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 22 200 Mexican ....10)
200 Caledonia 8** 100 Ophir 1 G2*i
ICO C C &.Va 1 40 B50 Ophir .......1 60
150 C C & Va..l 37% 1200 Potosl 24
300 C C & Va....l 35 300 Savtge 24
200 Chollar 22 1500 Silver Hill.... 68
200 Gould & Cur. 20 200 Union Con... 67
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE^
Following were the Bales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchauge Board yesterday
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 15 200 Con N T :*.
100 Caledonia ... 95 10O Halt & Nor..' 5
600 Caledonia ... I'-'- SOO Potoal -.
100 C C & Va....l 40 700 Silver Hill... 63
600 Con Imperial. 04 SOO Silver Hill... 56
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 13 100 Ophir 1 6O
20O Caledonia .... 85 300 Fi.tosl 23
10O Challenge .... SO 300 Savage < - 24
600 C C & Va 1 35 200 Silver Hill... 5«
300 Con NY 17 400 Silver H1U... 65
400 Gould & Cur. 20 ICO Union Con... 67
COO Julia O2 20O Utah 13
10O Mexican 10C 200 Te How Jack.. 4O
IOC Occidental ..29
Mining Stocks.
Lillie N. Wise (formerly Nathan) and Henry
and Lena Nathan to .Wallace A. Wlte, lot on
8 line of. Post street,, 137:0 W of Lacuna w
30 by S 137:0: $10.
. August -Maver' to Carrie Mayer, .lot on E
lln« ; of Hollls street. . 100. S of O'Farrell. *S
25 by; E DO; gift.'
• Estate . of , Mary . -I*. • Kidd (by Margaret J.
Nichols,- administratrix) to same came; $2700.
•. William L. Whelan to J Maude M. i Whelan,
lot - commencing i,75 ,N of :"• Filbert •; street and
73 :2 W of Broderick, W 35 by N 25 ; gift. .>. -
RobeVt \u25a0\u25a0 J. Anderson Jr. to William J. Mc-
Killop. lot onW'llne of Clayton street, 75 N
of Waller, N 25 by W 06:10ft; al«o lot on"W
Gwynne-- P. Harrison, Mary C. and A B.
Beven to Frank D. Pellcano. -i lot on E • line
of • Franklin ' street, . 26 \u25a0; S of Greenwich. S 53
by'E 100; $10.
• \u25a0 Samuel \u25a0 and '.Emma L. BIsslnger to Oscar T
Lurilntr. lot on W line of Polk street. 60 S of
Bush, S 30 by W 110; $10.
William P. Redlngton to S. Ducas Company
(corporation), lot on W corner of Wayland and
Glrard streets, SW 107 by NW 100, subs 1 to 4
block 11, University Mound ; $10.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Rose, Katherlne
C. and Louise R. Fay, lot on E line of Clay
ton street, 452 :2& 8 of Frederick, S 28:lii by
E 101:3; $10. . y
Thomas and Mary J. Gllllspie to Peter T.
and Betty Knutsen, lot on E line* of Folsom
street, 110 S of Twentieth, S 25 by E 122-6
$10. ' '
Alexander and Margaret McKay to Thomas
B. Lynch, lot on E line of Mission street, 65 S
of Twenty-flrst, S 60 by E 122:6; $10.
Manuele and Giustlna Bettuccl to Giuseppe
Crosettl, Enrico and Angelo Bellomo, Carlo
Francho, Emillo Rattaro, Francesco Caimi and
Andrea Zanardl, lot on E line of Landers
street, 71:194 N of Sixteenth. N 42 to point
known as No. 1 on map recorded August '60
187C, in map 1. page 160, NE to point 150 SW
of Dolores, S 41, SW to beginning; $4000.
Henry, and Elizabeth Newton to Frank A
and Elizabeth Madison, lot on E line of Vicks
burg street, 130 S of Twenty-second, S 80 bv
E 117:6; $10. • y
Davlde or Lavite and Annie Figonl to An
gelo Soracco. lot on E line of Dupont street
70:6 S of Filbert S 27 by E 60; J10.
National Fertilizer Company to Henry M.
Whitely, lot on E line of Powell street 77-fl
N of Broadway. E 60 by N 60; $10.
Charles Alpera to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10. . .
John Rosenfeld's Sons (corporation) to Har
riet E. Barncson. lot on NW corner of Bush
and Stockton streets, W 120.. N 68:6. E 30 N
23. E 90. S 91:0; also lot on N line of Bush
street, 120 W of Stockton. W 20 by N 68:6; $10.
Harold W. Thomas to George W. Thomas,
lot on SE line of Howard street, 350 SW- of
Fifth. SW25 by SE 80; also lot on E line of
Stanyan street, 50 N of Grove, N 25 by E
106:3; also lot on SE corner of Twenty
and Noe streets, E 80 by S 101:6; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Arthur W. Best,
lot on S line of I street, 57 W of Forty-sev
enth avenue, W 25 by.S 100; $10.
Daniel \u25a0 and Margaret' O" Day to Louise Bee,
lot on E line of First avenue," 100 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 50 by E 120; $10.
Daniel. E. Gates to Emma A. Gates lot on
N line of Lake street, 132:6 W of Twenty
fifth avenue, W 25 by N 10S: $10.
Delia 1 Greenleaf to Henry Murray, lot on SB
corner of Coso street and California avenue. S
30 by E TO. lots 10S and 110, Gift Map 3; $10
Bay View Land Company to George W. and
Mary -Follmer, , lot 26, . block 561, Bay Park
'Homestead Association; grant.
James W. and Mary Smith to .Nellie J.
Bradley, lot on S line of Jackson street, 145 E
of Fillmore. E 25 by S 127:8ft; $10.
Murphy Estate Company to Isabelle S.
Markey (wife H. S.) rerecord 1724 D. 39, lot
on SW corner of Fillmore and Green streets '
W 100 by S 25; $10.
Isabel S. Markey to Frederick M. Whit worth,
same; ?10.
Frederick M. Whltworth to Josephine M.
Holbrook, same; 510.
Oscar and Mary Harris to William M. ilc-
Cormick, lot on N line of California street.
156:3 W of Fillmore, W 51 by N 132:8Vi; $10
Albert and Ida Freyer to E. E. and Ottilie
Bach, lot on W line of Pierce street, 100 N of
Greenwich, N 37:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Moses and Bertha Fisher to Catharinj,
Roeder. lot on N line of Wuller street, 183 "W
of Pierce. W 25 by N 137:0; $10.
Mrs. N. L. McNorton to John B. Cosgrave,
lot on S line of Pine street, 185:3 W of Scott.
W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Martha M. Cooper to Alfred H. O. Cooper,
lot on N line of Waller street, 125 W of De
visadero, W 25 by N 137 Mi; $10.
Fanny Hyman to Agnes H. Gretnberg lot on
N line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of Broderick
W 25 by N 127:8Vi: Kift.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sausalito Land £ Ferry 16 CO . ,
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 13 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 «O
Truckee Electric 13 00 15 (K>
rnlon Sugar 23 25
United Gas & Electric. 3t5O .....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Independence IS
200 Sovereign *O
325 Home 1 0O
200 Home - 102*4
Afternoon Session.
Board —
£00 Home 105
2 Hanfonl 1*0 00
Donald and Helen E. Mackenzie to Thomas
MIkkelsen. lot- on NW corner Seventh avenue
and "A" street, W 63:4 by N 100; $10.
Mary A. and J. Y. Millar to W. Or wen
Jones lot on SE corner Twenty-second avenue
and "B" street. E 32:6 by 8 100; $10.
Henry H. and Margaret R. Hughes to Met
ropolitan Improvement Company, lot on SW
corner J Thirty-third avenue and "R" street.
W 240. S 196:3. SE to pojnt 212:3 feet S of
"R" street. N 212:3; $10.
Hannah E Davis to Catherine Qulnn. lot
on W line of Arch street, 175 N of Sargent,
N along E line of Arch street. 25 by E 100,
block 31. City Land Association; $10.
S. Ducas Compa.ny (corporation) to George
Ryan lot on SE corner Peralta avenue.
66:8% NE of Tomasa street, NE 29:1% 8
95:0%. NW 28:9, N 66:8%. lot 2, blook 2,
George Ryan subdivision of Franconia Tract.
Precita Valley, lot 50; also lot on NE corner
Tomasa street. 86:3 NW of Butler avenue.
NW 28:9. N 75:0%. E 25. S 89:0%, lot 7.
tame; $10.
John Hoss to George and Kate Ryane, lot
on NE corner Montcalm and Alabama streets,
N 34:6 by E 80. lots 29 and 30, Harris map 1.
Precita Valley; $10. " \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
Sarah Sloes to Hannah Gerstle. undivided
one-half of lot on SB corner of Manilla
(Fourth avenue) and Potomac street (R). SW
200 by SE 600. block 85. tide lands; $10.
Jennie B. G. Chlpman (formerly Jennie B.
Greenwood) to Monroe Greenwood Estate Com
pany, lot on NW corner of Fourth avenun and
California street SW 240. N 12. E 240. 3 40.
quitclaim deed; ?1. ;
.Solomon and Dora Gets to Philip M. Ed
mlnster. lot on W line of Twenty-sixth ave
nue. 125 N.of "A" street. N*70 by W 120; $10.
line of Clayton street, 75 S of HaU*ht, S 25
by W 9«:10%; $10.
William J. McKUIod to Christian and Mar
greth Jahn. lot on W line of Clayton street,
75 S of Halght, S 25 by W 90:10Vi: $10.
Prospero and Gisella Bactgalupt to Felice
Giampolini, lot an N line of Filbert street.
141 W of Dupont, W 24 by N 120. and light
of way in alley in rear 17:6 by 24; $3210.
Felice and Emelia GlamDOlinl to Prospero
Bacigalupi, undivided Vi of lot on N line of
Broadway, 47:7 W of Dupont street, W 21:2
by N 48:6: $10.
John H. and Cellna D. Spring to Associated
Property Owners of San Francisco, block
bounded by Mason, Powell. North Point and
Bay streets; also lot on NE corner of New
Montgomery and Natoma streets, £ 77, N 81,
E 2:6. N 79. W 79:0. 8 160; $10.
Bank of California to Sharon Estate Com
pany, lot on SE line of Perry street, 230 SW
of Fourth, SW 45 by Sfi 8O; also lot on W cor
ner of Fourth and Bryant streets; also lot on
SE line of Market street, 175 SW of Second.
SW 100 by SE 91:8; also lot on N corner of
New Montgomery and J-jssie streets, NE 10S:2
by NW 69: also lot' on S corner of Natoma and
New Montgomery streets, SE 160, SW 128. NW
90, NE 9:1%. NW 70, NE 118:10%; also lot
on W corner of Mission and New Montgomery
streets,. NW 80, SW 104:7*4, SE 20, NE 52:2,
SE 00, NE 51:10%: also lot on S corner of New
Montgomery and Jessie streets,' distant 276 SW
of Second, SW 264, SE 68. NE 283:4. NW 68:
also lot on SE line of Natoma street. 155 SW
of Second, SW 62 by SE 160: also lot on NW
line of Mission street. 70 SW of Second. SW
143:10^, NW 100. NE 138, SE 160, quitclaim
deed; $10.
James Kane to Patrick S. and Mary
<yRourke, lot on N line of Shipley street, 175
W ot Fifth. W 25 by N 75; $10.
George D. Shadburne Jr. to Mary E. Fan
cher, Jennie McGillin and Sallle Montroy, lot
on NK line of Langton street. 105 NW of Bry
ant, NW 25 by NE 75, quitclaim deed; $10.
Receipts of the Fight.
The total gate receipts of the Hanlon-
Yanger fight were $7523. Of this Hanlon
received $2689 47 and" Yanger $1448 IS.
Jack Evans and Harry Bheridan boxed
a five-round draw. All the fighting was
done in the last round.
Billy Otts stopped Frank Rafael in two
rounds. Rafael was untrained but made
a good showing until a left swing flush
on the mouth took all the fight out of
him. He' was. down seven seconds when
his seconds' threw up the sponge to save
him from further punishment. He out
boxed Otts at times, landing his left to
the head repeatedly but without any
steam behind the blows.
Stops Him in the « Second Bound of
Their Fight.
OTTS DEFEATS RAFAEL.
Round 1&— Yanger got straight left to the
Jaw and tried again for the head, but was
wild. He swung hard with right for the Jaw
and it was ducked. Yanger then got a right
to the chest and a, light left to the face. They
mixed it without landing. Hanlon sent right
and left to the body and they went to a clinch.
Yanger missed a hard right swing for the
Jaw and waa countered on the kidneys. Yan
ger put hard right to the body and followed
with a right to the Jaw. They mixed It and
Hanlon got in several lefts and rfghts to the
body. Yanger holding on. Hanlon whipped
his right to the Jaw and then sent ln a suc
cession of rights and lefts to the body. Han
lon then drove ln a vicious right to the jaw.
This ended the round. Hanlon had the better
of the latter end of the round.
Round 20 — They shook hands and went to a
clinch. They then mixed it. without landing.
Hanlon then sent his right and left to the
face and Yanger stalled. Yanger missed right
for the body and escaped a hard right awing
for the Jaw. Hanlon fought carefully and
left no opening. He worked his right and
left on Yanger's stomach and the Slasher
clinched. Hanlon missed hard right for the
Jaw and they again mixed It without result.
Hanlon did most of the fighting with Yanger
holding on. Hanlon put hard right to the Jaw
three times and gent the Slasher back. Yan
ger slipped to the floor and when he came up
was fought to a standstill by Hanlon who
sent his right and left hard to the Jaw. " Yan
ger was groggy and clinched till the bell rang.
Referee Smith promptly awarded the decision
to Hanlon.
YANGER HOLbs ON.
right to the stomach. Hanlon drove left and
right to the Jaw and the Slasher clinched to
avoid punishment. In a mix-up Hanlon put
his right twice to the body. Yanger tried a
vicious left for. the body as the bell rang, but
It was blocked. This was Hanlon's round.
Round 18. — Eddie tried right and left for the
body and left for the face, but was short.
In a mix-up Eddie put right and left lightly
to the body. He received a straight left to
the face and then countered with a hard left
to the stomach. Yanger put left and right
to the Jaw and Hanlon landed hard right on
the back of Yanger's head. Hanlon drove in
two hard rights to the stomach and in a mix
up put several lefts and rights to the same
place. Hanlon sent left to the head and was
countered with right and left to thp head.
Eddie got ln two rights to the body and a
left hook to the jaw. Hanlon was unrelent
ing and waded in with right and left swings
for the body, but most of the blows were
blocked or had no, apparent effect. Round
slightly in Hanlon's favor.
• \u25a0 - - \u25a0\u25a0 :• Y \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0• ' . ". \u25a0\u25a0 ' \u25a0 - . . • ... --.. . - - • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ,.-.'\u25a0»•\u25a0—.\u25a0-\u25a0 -i • -• - . ,-- .
THE SAN: FI? ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1903.
13
James A., beloved husband of Jennie L.
Grant, and father of James A., John D. and
Raymond V3 Grant and Mrs. J. Henderson,
a native of Lancaster,' Canada, aged 54 years
and 29 days.
Id?' Fi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat*
residence. 595 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart- Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose'of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this ' city, September 29, 1903.
William T., devoted brother of John, Fred,
Grayson, Emos and Lee .Green, and cousin
of Mrs. Blanche Wade, a native of Santa
Fe, Mexico, aged 49 years.
|C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the par-
lora of Monahan, O'Hara & Co.. 2339 and
2341 Mission street, near Nineteenth, thence
to St. Patrick's Churqh for services, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HAIBLE— In this city.' September 27, 1003,
Constant, son of \u25a0 Mrs. M. Haible of . Ger-
many, and brother of Mrs. Mary Witmeyer,
Mrs. Clara La-nge and Frank Haible of New
York, a native of Germany, aged 45 years.
• (CTRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission. Btreet. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
HELMS — In St. Helena. Napa County, Sep-
tember 28, 1&03, William H., beloved hus-
band of Emma Helms, and father of Mrs.
M. Henderson, Mrs. A. R. Tuckey, Mrs. G.
P. Schroeder and J. H., F. J. and C. A.
Helms, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
C5 years 11 months and 17 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday
morning. October 1,-at'll o'clock, • from the
funeral parlors of the H. F. Maasa Company,
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ; :
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul !
. of the late L. E. Prosper Huerna at the
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres, Bush
etreet, below Stockton, Thursday, October 1,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
I acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
JORDAN — Marie, dearly beloved dauehter of
Mrs. Caroline and the late August Jordan,
and sister of August. Lillie and Sophie Jor-
dan and the late Mrs. Marguerite • McAtee.
KENDRICK— In this city, September 28, 1903.
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Kenariek, and devoted father of Mary,
Thomas, Bart. Nellie, Agnes ' and Joseph
Kendrick and Mrs. J. C. Flood, a native of
County TIpperary, Ireland.
lE7"Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1202 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KLEIN— In Alameda, September 28, 1903, Lou-
isa Anna, beloved daughter of Rosetta and
the iate Henry Klein, and sister of Charles
A. and George H. Klein, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years 10 months and 7
days.
(C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' services
Wednesday, September 30, 1903, at 1 o'clock,
at the. residence, 161 C Santa Clara avenue.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KROGER— In this city, September 29, 1903,
Maud, beloved wife of Herman Kroger,
mother of Edna and Ethel Kroger, and
daughter of Mrs. Mollle Sklllman, a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 10
months.
MCCARTHY— In San Jose, September 29. 1903,
John McCarthy, beloved husband of Mary E.
McCarthy, and brother of Edward, Thomas
and Will McCarthy, Mrs. Mary Havens and
the late James B. McCarthy.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
McHALE — In this , city, September 28, 1003
Annte McHale, a native of County Mayo)
Ireland, aged 62 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 419 Minna street, near Fifth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem high tnasa will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery.
MAHER — In this city. September 28. 1903,
John Maher, a native of Illinois, aged 46
years 4 months and 9 days. I -
tC7"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, September 30. 1903, at 2 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
630 Washington street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, September 28, 1903,
Xorah. beloved wife of the late Bartholomew
Maloney, and sister of Mrs. Annie Taylor and
Mary A. O'Brien, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged CO years.
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30- o'clock, from her -late
residence, 701 Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MERRIAM— In this city, September 28, 1903,
Charles R., beloved husband of Susan Blake
Merriam, and father of George R., William
P. and Percy A. Merriam, a native of St.
Johnsbury, Vt., aged C9 years 4 months and
1 day.
lE7Friends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1253 Broadway. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, September 29, 1903.
Jeremiah, beloved husband of Mary Murphy,
and father of Jeremiah Murphy Jr. and the
late" Thomas and Andrew Murphy, a native
of Queens County, Ireland, aged 85 years
and 3 months.
O"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 249 Ninth street, thence to St.
Joseph'3 Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NORMANN— In this city, September 29, 1903.
Otto, beloved husband of Tillie Normann, a
native of Berlin, aged CO years 8 months and
25 days.
PECKER— In Oakland, September 28. 1903.
J. C. Pecker, a native of Massachusetts,
aged S3 years.
PIOLLE— In this city, September 27, 1903.
Jennie Plolle, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Pierre Marque,, sister of Emlle Plolle
and Celine, Lucle and Emllie Marque,- and
granddaughter of Mr;. Mounique Laborde,
a native of San Francisco, aged 15 years 11
months and 1 day.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
.Wednesday, September 30, 1903, at 1 o'clock,
at her late residence, 347 Edinburgh street,
between China and Brazil avenues. Inter-
ment Holy' Cross Cemetery.
PRESCOTT— In Oakland, September 28. 1903,
at 452 East Twenty-fourth street, Leo Fred-
erick, husband of Lillian J. Prescott, son of
F. S. and Lillie Ev Prescott, and brother of
Harry S. and Frank G. Prescott, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 31 years and 19
days. A member of the Masonic Lodge of
Honolulu.
SIEBERT— In Frultvale, at the German Al-
tenheim, September 29, 1903, Fritz Siehert,
a native of Darmstadt, Germany, aged S5
years 4 months and 27 days.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Altenhelm, Frultvale. Cremation
• at Oakland Crematorium.
STORK— In this city, September 28, 1903,
Hilda, beloved wife of Charles A. Stork,
mother of Albert Stork, daughter of Charles
J. and the late Cecilia Paulson, and sister of
Mrs. H. Hertzell, Mrs. Milly J. C. Nickum
• of Portland, Or., and. Anna, John H. and
Edward T. Paulson, a native of Sweden, aged
39 years 1 month and 11 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at
the chapel o! Charles H. J. Truman & Co.,
Jg|c Dr.R,L.Walsh
\u25a0!»'\u25a0 847 Geary St.
iirect'y opposite Saratoga Hall
Reduced Rate* for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . < . . 25c
rillings . . ...:... . . . 50c \u25a0
Crowns . . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00
l:os ypH this ad: each othe* day.
Builders' Contracts.
E. J. Le Breton (owner) with .William* F.
Wilson Company (contractors), architect,' Al-
bert Pissis — Plumbing, -sewering, gas piping,
plumbing -fixtures for laundry and stable build-
ings for Home for - Aged of the Little Sisters
of the- Poor,- on lot' on N line of Lake street,
125 E of Fifth avenue, ."E -340, N 780:9 SW
391:04V4. SE 703:5 3-16: 53241; -. - v '
•Same (owner) with Fcrderer Cornice Works
(contractors),: architect' same — Galvanized iron,
slate roofing and conductors fcor same on same;
$1637. : \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 'r . \u25a0".-\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0- i i
James L. Flood (owner) with Home Manu-
facturing Company . (contractors)," architect
same — Clothes and . wash J basin | cabinets for
building on NE corner of Eddy and - Powell
streets,. E 22r8%. v NE 18(3:0%. NW 62:8V4. N
114:11%. W 137:10, S 275; $12,500.
Theodor Dellwlg (owner) with Fred P. Fisch-
er (contractor), architects H. Barth and A. T.
Ehrenpfort— All '.work s except parlor mantels,
gas fixtures I and - shades for a 1 two-story frame
building (flats) • on \u25a0 E -. Ninth avenue, J H!4 ' N of
Clement street, E 120, N .61:316; W 120:2ft, S
08:4. Outside Lands 171; $5502. '
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gas, bath, running .water; first-class
board; private family; no children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave.
! STEVENSON Mansion, S07 California st— At-
tractive and rightly rooms; best table and
tervice; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms: choice locality: ref.
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
' of California will be closed September 18,
1903. at 3 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 10OJ. By order of the
Beard ot Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1903. '
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of wom?n. diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bids.,
121 Geary st.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St..
fian Francisco: 14 years' experience.
SPECIALISTS.
rATARRH, DEAFNESS and XOISES m EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Ccttlngham. 204 S-itter St.
STlTTKItlXG AXD STAMMEIIISC.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
ln everjycase; Individual teaching; no med!-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice. — Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco — Dividend No. 2 of three
dollars per share will be payable at the of-
flce of the corporation, 236 Bush st.. Ean
Francisco, October 1, 1903; transfer books
will close September 23, 1003.
. .JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
v PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Sept. 22, 1903.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October 2,
1003, and then ociened for ! construction of
store building: and cable tank building- at
Presidio of San Francisco, CrI. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or In part. Information fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN,
Asst. Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Sidney C. Jones, 31, 72 Portola street, and
Emma J. Herber. 23, 523 Shotwell street.
Antonio Martlnho, 28, Bolinas, and Joanna ,
E. Lopez, 20, Bolinas.
Patrick Bowen, 25, city, and Catherine C.
Smith, 30, city.
Romer K. Ritchie, 21, Sausalito, and Kath-
ryn H. Brydfces, 21. 9G5 McAllister street.
Albert V*. Willumsen, 2S, 1G32 Hyde Btreet,
and Valbork R. E. M. M. N. Olsen, 28. 1632
Hyde ptreet.
William C. Hopper, 21, 3045 Van Ness ave-
nue, an'J Alice F. Donovan, 18, 1800 Pine st
William M. Duff. 35. San Luis Obispo, and
Apnea M. MeCrystle, 28, city.
William J. Scott. 32, Oakland, and Christina
Newberry, 29, city.
Edward V. McGlnty, 21, city, and Imelda
G. Devlin, 18. city. - \u25a0
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices Bent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLEART- In this city, September 22, 1903, to
the wife of Dr. S. Cleary, a son.
STOLTE — In this city, September 27, 1003, to
the wife of George A. Stolte, a son.
married"
ADAMSON — McKEAN — In this city. Septem-
ber 2S. 1903, by the Rev. . Herbert N. Be-
vier, Charles Leroy Adamson of Monterey
and Stella McKe.an of Long Beach, Wash.
COLEMAN— L1NDSTROM— In this city, Sep-
tember 25, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelan-
dtr, pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church, P. A. Coleman ,and Augusta Llnd-
strom. both of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— HALUSKA— In this city, Septem-
ber 27, 1W03, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud,
Harry Johnson and Nellie Haluska, both of
San Francisco.
KNUDSEX— SORENSEN— In this city. Sep-
tember 26, 1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg.
Peter Knudsen and Marlane Sorensen.
KROHN— WENDT— In this city. September
28, 1903, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Jochim Krohn and Anna C. W'endt.
LEE— MAHOX— In this city, August 20, 1903,
by the Rev. J.. B. Hannlgan, Edmund Lee
and Lilian Mahon, both of San Francisco.
MATTEY — WILSON— In this city. September
2ti. 11)03, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, George
Mattey of Lafayette, Or., and May Wilson
of San Francisco.
NIELSEN— HANSEN— In this city, September
27,* lftO3, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Thomas
H. Nielsen and Christine Hansen.
OLSSON — ENCJDAHL — In this city, September
2<S, ll»03, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, John
Olsson and Cecelie C. Engdahl.
SORENSEN— ANDERSON— In this city. Sep-
tember 26, 1903, by the Rev. O. Groenaberg,
Jens Sorensen and Anna E. Anderson.
SVENSEX — OLSEN — In this city. September
26, 1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Gunder
Svensen and Anna Olsen. , . •-.
Austin, William Kroger, Maud
Baptist, Mary McCarthy, John
Bruck. Henryette McHale, Annie
Burte, Mary Maher, John
Captlli, Antonio A. Maloney, Norah
Doran, Mrs. Ellen Merriam, Charles R.
Dunlip, Robert Murphy, Jeremiah
Gove, David M. Normann. Otto
Gran;, James A. Pecker. J. C.
Green, William T. Piol'.e. Jennie
HaibU. Constant Prtssott. Leo F.
Helmt, William H. Slebert, Fritz
Huerne, L. E. P. Stork, Hilda
i 1 Jordan, Marie •\u25a0 Swan, George W.
! i Kendrlck, Thomas Wallace,- James M.
t Klein. Louisa A. Warnes, John A.
AUSTIN— In this city, September 27, 1903,
I Wllliiirr Austin, a native of Illinois, aged
4 35 year?.
BAPTIST— In the City and County Hospital.
September 29, 11*03. Mary Baptist, a native
of Ireland, qged 70 years.
BKUCK — ]n Kreuznach. Germatfy, September
14, lt>03, ilenryette, beloved wife of Emanuel
Bruck. teloved mother of Henry. Leo and
Otto Bruck. and beloved sister, of Heinrich
and Adobh Isaac, aged C2 years.
BURKE— In this city, September 27. 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of the late William
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
C^Frierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvt.ed to attend the funeral to-day
("Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of th« Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street,- thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the recose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
• way of 11 o'clock train from Third and
T^vnsend ttreets.
CATOLLI— la Healdsburg, Sonoma County,
Cal.. September 28, 1903, Antonio A., dearly
beloved hurband of Amelia' Capelli, beloved
father of D^lce and Romllda Capelli, beloved
son of Carl) and Domenlca Capelli, and be-
loved brother- of Michael Capelli, Mrs. Lou-
isa Segall and Mrs. Mary Carli, a native of
'Italy, aged 31 years 5 months and 15 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, IS Varennes street, off Union, be-
tween Dupont and Kearny. N. B. — At 10
o'clock, same day, a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
Sts. l'eter and Paul's Italian Church, cor-
ner Dupont and Filbert streets. Interment
New Italian Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DORAN — A month's mind requiem mass will
be offered for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs. Ellen M. Doran In St. Mary's
Cathedral Thursday morning;, October 1, at
8 o'clock.
DTJNLOP— In Napa. September 28, 1903. Rob-
ert' Dunlop, a native of Sydney, N. S. W..
aged 40 years. A member of Longshore Lum-
bermen's Association, Local No. 224.
(ETFrierids are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day.- (Wednesday), at
1 o'clock, from the parlors of Craig, Cochran
& Co.. *2S) Golden Gate avenue, under the
auspices of Longshore Lumbermen's Associa-
tion, Local No. 224. Interment Mount Olivot
Cemetery. \u25a0 : ' \u25a0> \u25a0 .
GOVE— In this city, September 28, 1903, David
M.,* beloved husband of Rose S. Gove, and
brother of Mrs. L. A. Conklin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 47 years and 10 months.
C7Frlend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, September 30, 1903, at 2:30
o'clock, at Plymouth Church, Post street,
near Webster. Please omit flowers. \u25a0
GRANT— In this city. September -., 27. 1003.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)*.-' ;
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ' • j;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80.^;
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Fuaeral Directors and Embalmers.-— — .'
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. "
Now at 8GtJ MISSION. - Tel. South : 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st ;
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
HE AL^JCST ATE V^OJIl S A LI3.
K. B. SCRRYHNE.
Li-Hi Estate Ager.ts ar.-i Auctioneers, '
13S Montgomery t=t.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Vfc* 1 \u25a0'.;.. xv.r.K Properties to Be Offered at Auc-
li- 2i &l Jly Otticf on MONDAY. Oct.
.'.. at 12 O' Clock:
'.'27 UNION f^T., NR. MASON.
Vin^ muUirn 2-Story residence of 10 rooms
fiid bath; lot 2T<xl20 to an ailey; could be coa-
'. orted Into 3 flats at a small outlay.
l."21 CLAY FT.. Nil. LEAVEN WORTH.
H a !-.•'.*• m,_ 2-fiory " bay-window rtMdence of
'\u25a0> rooms and liaih; lot 27:t : xll4 to a roar
-tm-t; mortgage of |4000 can remain if de-
Eired.
371-5 HAIGHT ST.. NR. WEBSTER.
Three-story bullJinK, arranged In 2 flats of
<: und 10 rooms and bath ea> h. rentir.c for $75
|tcr month; lot 2.">xl2o to rear street; fOOOO
mortgage can remain if desired.
C06 GUERRERO ST.. NR. 1STH.
Fine 2-story bay-window residence of H
r..on:s and bath: larpe sunny lot. ilSxiOO; mort-
Kagt ul SJixki can remaLn it desired.
HOWARD ft 2IST PT. BUSINESS CORNEH.
Store and nats; r^n'.s $10" per month; tee
catalogue for further i articulars.
ALSO
Three fists, CMS Howard Ft.; particulars from
e—UUocue.
ALSO
- 2."«07 Howard rt.; 2-etcry residence of 10
rooms; particulars from catalogue.
ALSO
Cottage. 738 Ehotwt-Il Ft.; 6 rooms end bath;
lot 24xl_2:6; easy terms.
ALSO
7S6 Ehotwell et. ; cottajre 8 rooms and bath; lot
27;Cxl22:6; eary terms if desired.
ALSO
732-4 BhotW-B et.: two 2-nory houses of 7
rooms and bath each; rents $53; lot 38:6x122:6:
mortgage cf $3500 can remain if desired.
ALSO
2740-42 Filbert St.. nr. Broderick: 2 handsome
modern fiats of & and 6 rooms and bath each,
renting for $M per month; lot 20x107:0; mort-
«t.re of $3CKiO can remain if desired.
ALSO
Three choice building lots on Army et., nr.
Church: 23 or 80x114 ft.; easy term* if desired,
lr'urther particulars in catalogue. Apply at
this office.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Auctioneer,
128 Montgomery et.
I elso publish a monthly catalogue giving
P— rtlculara cf all classes of property for sale
la all parts of the city. Send for one.
MADISON A BCRKE. 30 Montgomery et.
,~ -rTION !
-AT" CTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION !
WEDNESDAY SEPT. 30. 1903.
*, % At our ealesroom. 30 Montgomery St.
At 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE'S SALE.
No. 1420 California £t.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; old dwelling; elegant site for flats; lot
S0xl27 :6.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
ICoe. 47-49 Lanpton et., bet. Howard and
Folsom; 2 flats; renting for $25 per month;
lot 25xS0. ALSO
Nos. 22-22^ Langton. bet. Howard and
Folsom; store and fiats above; renting for
M2 50 prr month; lot 2T.x75.
BUSH ST. I>.«II>K LOCATION.
No. 7o5 Bush, adjoining cor. Powell; house
12 rooms; rent S*o pt-r month; Al location
for apartment-house.
CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR POLK.
Nos. ltXK3-l(Ki8 California St.. adjoining N.
W. cor. Polk; 2 houses, renting low for $80
per month; this propertv has grand business
future; lot 5<>xS7:<S and 137:6.
TAYLOR-ST. CORNER.
Northeast cor. Taylor et. and Broadway: 2
\u25a0 dwellings; renting for $63 per month; one of
the most slpntly and protected corners ln
this Fc;tion; grand corner for fiats or apart-
ments: lot C2:6xt«.
TAYLOR ST.. ADJOINING COR. JACKSON
Noe. LSOS-UU and 1313 Taylor St.; 68:9
feet south of Jackson; large house of 23
rooms, baths, etc. ; also 2 dwellings adjoining
of 9 rooms each, which, with small outlay,
could be coiverted into fiats; grand marine
view; lot 1ij7:6x137:6.
HOYVARI>-5=T. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 120t» to 121IB Howard and 70S to 712
Tehama; 6 substantial modern flats on
Howard st. and 6 fiats en Tehama et., in
-*ar; present low rental J20bO per ar.num:
let 15x100.
GOLDEN GATE PARK BLOCK.
Half block facing Golden Gate Park;
fronting on Fulton st. (formerly D ft.).
Thirtieth ave. and C Ft.; size 120x600
ESTATE OF M. HARTLEY, DECEASED.
Lot* X-ok. fl «r>4 S fa blocli 2O2 &t th« S. 6.
F. Hd. cai R. R. Association; size 75x200.
• ALSO
Lot No. 3 in block 34 of Excelsior Hcme-
stead Association; size 100x150.
For catalogue and particular* apply to
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st.
• — — __
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
S5W to J12OO— Only graded lota fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
mw irom even* lot. Fronting Hectrlc cars.
Lion't mies this opportunity. Easy terms.
$C0 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanside branch office on 49th ave. and K et.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
FELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAT.
$500 to $1000— New lots in gunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Euneet branch office on 9th ave., near H Et.
Jir.0 to J200— Level Excelsior Homestead lota
near lilssion-et. electric cars — $5 monthly.
dolce P.lchmond District lots. $10 monthly.
$1000 to fSTOO— 4. 5 and C room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains:
Eary terms.
SOL. GETZ & BON, owners and dealers.
Rood 64, Chronicle building.
ONLY J25.V0 for both cr $1290 for one; two
choice and very cheap lots; a bargain; west
tide Hxtb ave., north of Lake B t.; the ad-
Joining lot just sold for $1500; ready for
building; lots are graded, street macadamized
and sewered; eas water and eiectricitv on
street; a superior < v -«s of residences are be-
ing built in this **3ity: only a few 6t ep s
from the electric cars on Lake et; a flne buy
for a builder to eeil again; can arrange for
WWTOOtl; prjfej of title insurance cov-
a^f^sssT^ cai - Titie ic — e
S30 California et. (Savings Union Bidg*.).
ONLY $1750— Bargains: lots on sunny side
Union *t.. with grand marine view ready
for building; cars pass; th* only lots that
are now for sale cheap en north eide Union,
S30 California tt. /Savings Union Bldg.).
BARGAINS
12400 — Cottage 6 roms and bath- lot 25x100-
Precita ave. ; cars pass the door; $500 cash '
tl.'iGO— Cottage. 4 room*; lot 25xSO; Folsom st *
half block from cars: street work all done •*
tXtOCj — $500 cash; 2-story. 7 rooms; modern -"lot
20x125; fine neighborhood ; between Twe'nty-
«fth and Twenty-sixth streets.. Fair Oaks
12100— Cottage. 4 rooms, and rtable; unfinished
basement; can be made lr.to a flat; Duncan
et.. sunny eide, between Guerrero and Do-
lores.
fllOO— Lot . 23x123: Fair Oaks et.. between
Twer.ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny Bide-
fine neiKliborhood; lots in same block held at
$2000; $500 cash, balance leng time.
J. F. PLUM BE. 1402 Valencia st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. C'JO Market Et. ~ —
$2100 — Cor. 25th and Wisconsin ets.; new cot-
tape cf 4 rooms, bath and basement; good loca-
tion for procery; $300 down. $15 a month.
$1750 — Fine new cottajre cf 4 rooms bath and
tasement; $300 down. $15 a month; 'Wisconsin
tu. n»ar Twenty-fifth
J27OO— House of 2 flats and attic; basement.
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
P6 rooms and bath; eunny, modern _nd up to
fiate ln every particular; Nos. 9C6 and 909
Clayton ft., near Golden Gate Park; price
*51«O and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON*
& SONS. 114 Montgomery «t.
12100 COTTAGE cf 4 r. and b.. large basement
.,^" nd yar<5: M4 rt - : lhIs l8 » bargain,
f 100 down and f!5 per month; cottage. 4 r. and
b. ; Nevada ave.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
fll.COO — INCOME property south of Market st •
pays 10% por cent net after deducting all
expenses. THORNE & CO.. 312 Eush st.
iiUJLD on ycur unimproved realty: we loan
full cost imrrov. and part lot at <J per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building."
REAL. ESTATE — Conn try— For Sale.
Z ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedces around land; good house;
chlcken-bouees. water; reasonable: chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 41 (» Examiner bid.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineymnls: Inspected bargains; mor.thly cata-
Jcgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. tiiS
Market rt
TOR sale — 25 acres near Muir Station: partly
planted ln young viaoyard: oiled roads. Ad-
dress E. n.. SO" Sixth st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — To rent or soil. 4% acres near San
Mateo. 207 Church nr. Market. 10 to 11 a. m.
TOR pcultry and rfairy ranches Fielding a good
ercfit. HAMILTON & KENDRICK, Petaluma.
j POINT niCHMOM) Kit Al, ESTATE. '
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
caps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
ALAMEDA ItEAL ESTATE.
JIST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and Fchcols; only $2850; lot T5xl25.
Nice 5-room oottaee and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TpI. Grand 1410. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
J. J. MASON.
Hjal Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
SE cor. Shattuck ave. and Ceiter at.
Berkeley. Cal.
"OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OPFICB, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
> fC500 — ORIGINAL cost . $W00; house of 10
rooms; 5 mantels, heaters, <ement base-
ment; hardwood finish halls and dining-
room; a corner lot. 75xl!i (ncte sire): ele-
gant marine view: former lonie of our
present Governor. Georte C Pardee, and
like himself, thoroughly sulstantial and
first-class in every re?r>ect; terms only
— $1000 cash, balance mcrtgag'.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. A.USTIN.
; 1002 Broad war. Oakland.
$100 cash and $45 a motth buys a new
: colonial "-room house, rirh- on 12th st.
boulevard: large lot; opei and nickel
plumbing; combination ea» fixtures; 2
Mocks to local staticn and school; cars
in front of ths door; $500 le« than would
cost to duplicate; owner prer'ers to sell on
time rather than rent. Tils Is a rare
chance; seeing is believing.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W AUSTIN.
10U2 Uroadwiy, Oakland.
$2T.O0— COMFORTABLE eotUgewith bay-win-
dow and hiph basement: lot 140 feet deep;
flne. large barn; gravel dlveway; nice
neighborhood; street •work al done; above
San Pablo ave.; terms if yot like.
No matter what kind of a jlace you wiuit
to buy. be sure to call and set J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE \V. AUSTIN. I>02 Broadway,
Oakland. ;
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — Tie Weekly Call.
1C pages, in wrapper, for maitriR. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURXITIRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for baijalns ln furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaaa. 11th st..t>r.«tore.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR UOl'SEiiEBPI.XG'.
A^STTjXMES.'McAllister ari Laguna— Fur-
nished eunny suite, with Separate sunny
kitchen; pas range; all convlete for house-
keeping; $15 up. *
ANTLERS. 415 Turk fi t. — Stricly modern; 4-3
room tpartments: fur. or unUr. lor hskpg.
Ardell. 15 Page — Large furn. h.pg. rms, $t 25,
$1 50, $2; front suites, $3 wi; gas etoves.
CENTRAL ave.. C2. near Hight— 3 sunny
bay-window, unfurnished roms for house-
keeping; separate kitchen; r> children; ref-
erences.
i ELEVENTH. 106—2 compleely furnished
eunny rooms for housekeepl.g.
ELLIS. CGI — To let, 3 furnish*! sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; fas range, bath
and
I i i
j FOURTH, 225 — Nice large fujilEhed room for
light housekeeping; also sin|e rooms.
GEARY. 40S— Three nicely fcrnlshed sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
GEARY. 678 — Two very - lare sunny back
rojms. c-jmpletely fumished;regular kitchen;
$22 50. ;
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping:: gas ranges; ust cewly fur'
tiiFhed. 1530 Polk Et. >
HOWARD, 76114— Nicely funished bay-win-
dow suite; man and wife or [wo gentlemen.
HOW1RD, IOCS— 3 tunny competing bay-win-
dow rooms completely furn. ; electric lights.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth — lurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also frnt and single.
MISSION", KK53 — Elegant front *uite; complete
for housekeeping; running wavr; gas; phone.
PEARL, 3, cor. Market— 3 fuuished house-
keeping rooms; eeparate; ss; $17; no
children.
PT. LOBOS, 2120 — Sunny furn. front room;
large kitchen; laundry; $12; no children.
STOCKTON. 1206. Model House— Vont rooms,
newly furnished, fo; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gllleeple. 119 Ninth st. — Nicer furnished
rooms. $1 60 to $3 per week; pljne; quiet.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolor* — i sunny
biy-wlndow rooms; nice, neat; complete.
WEBSTER, GO — Elegantly furn. roms for 2
gents., or hskpg. rooms for man and wife.
2 FURN. houtekpng rooms in exchanie for few
hours services (housework). 710 D vlsadero.
S CLEAN unfurnished rooms, large clc-ets; eun
in one; water; bath; $10. Box 4362 Call.
CLAPSIFIED^advfrtisements and subscription*
received at tall branch offlce. 2200 F.llmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt.
AFABTUEXrrS FOB HOUSEKEEPING.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartments
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st.,'
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
LARKIN, 1S57, cor. Pacific — No sign; sunny
corner; 3 connecting rooms; bath; water; tel-
ephone. etc.; newly furnished complete ;cheap.
! R^O^il£^<^jEjr— Forn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
tl f»0 to $10 week: house open all nleht.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Ftir-
nisbed rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 15C3 — Newly and elegantly fur-
nished suites and single and housekeeping
rooms; phone, bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY, 807— Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms with piano.
GEARY, 1933 — For adults; 4. rooms, 2 beds;
bath, toilet; gas and coal stoves.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 CO night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
JACKSON, 974 — Private family; large fur-
nished room for gentleman or lady or two
gentlemen; references required.
JESSIE, 359 — NMcely furnished front room for
gentleman; gas, grate, phone; $7.
LARKIN, 801 — Sunny front room for gents;
grate and gas; $7; single room. $4.
MISSION. 2022, near Sixteenth— A large, sunny,
furnished room; gas.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window
room in private family $8; north of Mar-
ket st. ; references. Box 666. Call office.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Eunny furnished rocms and
cf flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PINE, 1000. opp. Bella Vista— Newly furnished
sunny corner suite, occupying entire floor;
X>arlor, bedroom, dressing-room; rent $30.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms uer night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6UTTER. 935— Newly furnished room; private
family.
THE FALMOUTH, 1049a Market st. ; furnished
rooms; liet and coM water; elevator; central.
TURK, 1218 — Fine large room on middle floor,
suitable for one cr two.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night-
fl 73 to $6 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and bagxage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Meet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH offlce, for Call advertisements and
rubscriptiona. has been established at 1099
Valencia st. *
ROOMS AM) HOARD WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman desires ' room and breakfast
with prl% - ate family; state terms; refer-
ences. Box 401?,' Call.
.
" :^toteSent t
Of the CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
'NAflONALFIRE SPRINGFIELD
JHSURANGE COMPANY piDB Awn M 1DIWC \u25a0
Q P HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OP llilC Alll/ iflAlilllC
Connecticut, on the 31st day of December. i hoi in
A. D. 1002. and for the year ending on that INSURANCE COMPANY
day, as made to the | Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- f\ F SPRINGFJteld, IN THE STATE OP"
visions 'of sections 610 and 611 of the Political 7~ Massachuset^g, on the 31st day of Decem-
Code. condensed as per blank furnished by the 5^;' », f ™\, and f< l r !?" y<?ar en^ ing fia
nr. mm i r .i» n o.. tnat "^ " n *ade to the Insurance Commls-
Commlssloner. ,, oner of the R ta te of California, pursuant to
CAPITAL. the provisions \u25a0* Sections 610 and 611 of tha
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np ' P , ol i t !f a J[ c ?* le v condensed as per blank fur-
•In Cash ...$1,000,000 00 nlshed b^ the Commissioner.
V r J.% : ASSETS. Amount of CajUal Stock, paid np '•'*\u25a0\u25a0
Real Estate owned by Company. ..$ 873.690 78 In Cash J2.000.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... SSO.465 00 t=—
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ' ' ASSETS. .
and bonds owned by Company.. 4,277,582 00 ?\u25a0*** Estate owm<j Dy Company.. $ 227.80O 00
Cash in Company's Offlce 913 40 £"\u25a0« *£% ™
Cash In Banks 430,719 40 and Bonds own ,a by Company . . 4,351.150 W
Premiums In due Course of Collec- | Amount of Lo. tn s secured by
tion B42.21S 04 pledge of Bonj 3 . Stocks and
_________ other marketable securities as
Total Asset. *« 2fW nai T1 collateral 21.375 OO
lotai Assets ..$6,205,303 71 Cash ln company's Office 4.171 01
.\*. ——=——_=: Cash ln Banks S16.S13 05
LIABILITIES. Interest due and accrutvj on all
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 71,262 33 Stocks and Loans 30,75137
Losses ln process of Adjustment or Interest due and accrued on
In ttosn«n«» • ar« •>— • im Bonds and Mortsages 13,545 91
in. suspense ...... 27e.271 53 p^nuum,, , n due cour3e ot c ,.
Losses resisted. Including expenses 23. soc 45 lection , . . 634,853 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Rents due and accrued 511 59
nlng one year or less. $2,800,- ."-\u25ba:> — —
670 97; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1.400,335 43 Total Assets $3,154.35U M
Gross Dremiums on Fire. Risks run- =
nlng more than one year, $3,134.- LIABILITIES.
156 54; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,723,290 13 Losses adjusted and unpaid 45.1S5 SS
Reserve for contingencies.... . 60,000 00 hosse ? '" Process of Adjustment
aii n»h>. iiohimi«. ' tpf *•>« no or * n Suspense 208.S13 31
All other liabilities 107.534 9S Losses resisted. Including expenses 34,703 82
Gross premiums on Fire ' Risks
Total Liabilities $3,654,500 9T running one year or less. $2,185.-
— C63 40: reinsurance 5O per cent.. 1.002, SSI TO
INCOME. Gross premiums on Fire Risks » .
Net cash actually received for Fire J?? "9*^ O ~!n™«n!l! i i« «<»i u
__._,,„_ • r , n~a new a. Oi4,5oj 63; reinsurance pro rata. 1,133,921 85
premiums $4 ,276,265 04 Commissions and Brokerage; due
Received for Interest on Bonds and and to become due.... 128,073 TS
Mortgages 36,136 37
Received for Interest and dividends . Total Liabilities $2. caZ.Z-X 84
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and ~
from all other sources 169,222 72 INCOME.
Received for Rents .' 18,121 65 Net cash actually received for
Received for profit on sale or ma- ' Fire premiums $2.010,5«J 63
tnrltv of lPdiTM- a«s#ts »> ic ; •• Received for Interest on Bonds
turity or ledger assets w » 18> 43 and Mortgages 27,308 68
r"~" Received for Interest and dividends
.. Total Income ' $4,549.033 23 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
.-________— from all other sources 158,35ft 8O
EXPENDITURES. " Received for Rents 6, 167 57
Net amount nald for Fire Losses \u25a0_ , I
(including $300,733 93. losses of Total Incorae <3.102,C0S M
previous years) $2,143,647 OS EXPENDITTRES.
Dividends to Stockholders .-120.000 00 Net nmmmt pald for _«,
Paid or allowed for Commission or (Including $380,274 82. losses of
Brokerage 797.247 68 previous ygars) $1,703,110 79
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
. charges for officers, clerks, etc. 247.003 21 Pald or allowed for Commission «^*__"i_
Paid for State. National and Local Brokerage ....... _ . _ 5.0.21.73
ta* es 137,828 93 charges for officers, clerks, etc. 133.SO1 72
All other payments and expendl- p_d for State, National and Local
tures 344,24119 taxes 100.796 37
\u25a0 All other payments and expendl- •
Total Expenditures $3,789,07106 tnres 275 ' 181 lfl
= Total Expenditures ?2.901,227 78
\u25a0 \u25a0•- \u25a0 ' Fire. \u25a0 \u25a0 — —
Losses incurred during the year.. $2,154,399 83 Fire.
. Losses incurred during the year. .$1,609,163 03
Risks and Premlums'Fire Risks. | Premiums. — — _ — — — -7 •
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | ( Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 1 ~
written during the Net amount of Risks j
year $570,422,357 $5,865,471 86 written during the f
Net amount of Risks year !$344.12f5,38C*4,147.138 83
expired during the Net trmount of Risks ,
year 4S6,3eS,6S3 4,573,957 25 expired during the '-_-_..„
Net amount in force year I 3o3,914,7C0! 3.. 27,234 49
December SI. 1902. . 604. 928,834 5.934,827 61 Net amount in force! | "_.__,
\u25a0 \u25a0 December 31, 1902..! 373.738,3391 4,260.216 03
JAMES NICHOLS. President. : I~€dAMON. Pre,t.
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. w . j. MACK AY. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to . before me, this Subscribed and sworn to before me thla 23d
12th day of January. 1903. ' day of January, 1903. PEP.CT S. GATES.
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public. Notary Publta.
SAN FRANCISCOTCITY) AGENCY, SAN FRANCISG(f(CITY) AGENCY,
209 Sansome St. LOUIS L JANES COMPANY, /.GENTS,
AHPEL & BRUCKuIAN, Agents. Hayward Building.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
306-310 - - - - - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Assistant Manager.
10CO Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland, by 1 o'clock cre^k-route boat.
8WAN— In ibis city, September 29, "1903,
George W. Swan, beloved husbajia of [ the
late Ellen Swan, and uncle of Mrs. Orren F.
j Sheafer, a native of Yarmouth, England,
. aged 85 years.
WALLACE — In 'Sacramento, September 28,
1003, James M., husband of Sarah A. Wal-
lace, and rather of Mary B. and E. L. R.
Wallace, a native of Indiana, aged 58 years.
WARNES— In this city,' September 26. 1903,
John A. Warnes. beloved son of Laura Bor-
gerson, . and brother of Lawrence, Peter.
Oscar. Hanna, Katie, Winnie and Cora
Warnes and Mrs.- C. E. Lyons, a native of
Norway, aged 26 years 4 months and 1 day.
A member of Riggers' and Stevedorfes' Union
Association, Local 222, I. L. M. and T. A.,
and Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75. Improved
Order of Red Men.
EU^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. \u25a0 \u25a0 " -Good printing, the stepping stone to iucee«s.
We are skilled printers. Mysell-Rolllns,22 Clay*
The Young Men's Christian Association
will -. give a moonlight excursion to El
Campo next Friday evening on the bay
Y. M. C. A. Moonlight Excursion.
M. R. Lunt has sued the Standard Milk
"Company for $250 damages alleged to tiave
been .sustained, by the bursting of a pis
ton rod of an engine while he was in the
employ of the defendant
Sues. Milk Company.
Every user of Dr. Koenigsteln's Red
Salve is a walking advertisement of its
merits for -skin complaints. •\u25a0
WASHINGTON, Sept 23.— The follow
ing Californians are in Washington: At
the Raleigh— W. R.. Bacon of Los Ange
les, Mrs. J. E. Merritt and Miss J. A. Mer
rltt. California; Oskar M. Sherhard and
Miss Clara. Sherhard of Santa Clara. Wil
liam A. Day/Gladys Earlcott, F. Fllsba
and J. 'Knight of San Francisco, and G.
B. Schuller of Pasadena, At the New
Wlllard— C. Frederick Kohl and valet of
San Francisco. ...','.:" '
Californians in Washington.
Wacham Sykora, the aged ' man • who
was run down by a wagon on the. night
of September 26, died , at , the City and
County Hospital yesterday afternoon as
a result of his injuries. Sykora was bad
ly bruised about the head and body and
also suffered from Internal injuries. The
body, was removed to the morgue, where
an inquest will be held. •
Injuries Result Fatally.
Californians in New York-
NEW YORK, Sept 29.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From
San Francisco— H. C. NIemyer, at the As
tor; Mrs. P. Booth, at the Norraandle;
Mrs. J. E. Dunn, at the Normandie; C.
Williams and wife, at the Manhattan; N.
A. Cohen, at the Imperial; E. D. Dougher
ty, at the Wellington; D. S. Hutchins, at
the Bartholdl; P. Johnson and wife, at
the Manhattan; B. Levy, at the Herald
Square; L. C. Marshutz and wife, at the
Manhattan; Miss Shea and Mrs. Shea, at
the Continental.
From Los Angeles— F. H. Butcher and
A. F. M. Strong and wife, at the Grand
Union; Mrs. Ferguson, at the Murray
Hill; P. J. Keeler. at the Everett; W. E.
Little, at the Manhattan.
From Pasadena— J. . Chase, at the Park
Avenue; H. F. King and wife, at the St.
Denis.
The suit of T. Asahina, a Japanese den
tist, against the J. W. Rooch Dental Com
pany, for the return of • certain dental
tools was, on' trial yesterday before Jus
tice of the. Peace Daniels. The testimony
developed that the tools- had been ob
tained hv J. W. Gregg « from the firm
by false pretenses. Gregg,; who has since
figured .in the Police Court, pawned the
tools with one Carr on Grant avenue and
Asahina bought them in good faith from
Carr. The firm prevailed on' Asahina to
give - up the tools, but' he repented his
generosity., and so sued to : recover the
tools or. the money he had, paid for them.
Judge Daniels took the case under advise
ment. •
Wants Dental Tools Back.
Says Husband Tried to Kill Her.
Charles Hoffman, a baker living at 8S
Hermann street, was arrested -at an early
hour yesterday : morning .by. Policeman
Wollweber and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of assault ,' with a deadly
weapon. Wollweber's attention was at
tracted to Hoffman's house by the
breaking of glass and he met Hoffman's
wife running out of the door. She told
him that her husband had tried to kill
her with a bottle and a. piece of gas pipe
two feet long. The broken bottle was
found on the floor and Wollweber. also
found the piece of gas pipe. Mrs.' Hoff
man is a nurse.
Attempts Suicide in Hospital.
James Ray, under treatment for ery
sipelas at the City and County Hospital,
obtained a pair of scissors yesterday and
inflicted a deep wound In his neck with
the idea of ending his life. A nurse was
apprised of Ray's act and hastened him
to the operating room, where the wound
was dressed by Dr. McElroy. . It is
doubtful whether Ray will recover.
Theobald Gets Five Years.
George W. Theobald was aentened yes
terday, by United States District Judge
de Haven to serve five years' imprison
ment in ' the penitentiary for robbing
street letter boxes.
- Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. . •
NEW YORK. Sept. 29.— The bill of com
plaint In the action brought by Frau Coslma
\Vagner, widow of Richard Wagner, and her
Bon, Siegfried Wagner, to prevent the produc
tion here by Heinricn Conried of the" sacred
music drama "Parsifal" . was filed to-day in
the United States Circuit Court.
Bruce O'Brion, ;. guardian of Anne
O'Brion, was relieved of his charge yes
terday by Judge Troutt. His letters of
guardianship were revoked on petition of
the American Security Company, which
furnished his bond.
O'Brion's Letters Revoked.
Edward L. Baldwin left yesterday for
the East, where he will attend the com
ing convention in Washington of the Na
tional Association of Retail Druggists, to
which he is delegated as a representative
of the local retail trade.
Colonel John L. Clem, familiarly known
in the army as the "Drummer boy of the
Rappahannock." is at the Occidental, en
route to the Philippines.
J. F. Holden of Chicago, freight traffic
manager of the Rock Island System, who
is on a tour of inspection of the agencies
of the road in the West, arrived from
Portland yesterday with his wife and is
at the Palace.
Dr. Georsre W. Vlckers, editor of the
Arizona Republican of Phoenix, is a guest
at the Palace, having come north for rec
reation.
Dr. Z. fj. Chancellor of "Washington is
at the Gjand.
Dr. A./m. Mclntosh of Bakersfleld Is at
the Occpental.
• H. WJPatton. editor of a newspaper at
EurekaJ is at the Palace.
W. H Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
and wVe are at the Lick.
Adolih Fleishman, a prominent business
man of Los Angeles, is in the city for a
few djfys. \
E. X. Heerman, proprietor of a steamer
line derating on Devils Lake. North Da
kota/is at the Palace. \
J. B. Johnson, jvho is connected with
the Diamond Match Company's Interests
at Chico. is at the Palace.
/ Herbert Goode and wife of London ar
i-ived at the Palace last evening. They
•/are making a tour of the country.
[ J. H. A very, who Is largely interested
in the steamship companies operating out
of Detroit, is a guest, at the Palace.
James Schermerhorn. managing editor of
the Detroit Times, and wife are visiting
the city and staying at the Palace.
John B. Farish, the well known mining
expert of Denver, arrived from New York
yesterday and Is registered at the Palace.
E. H. Fredericks., vice president of the
First National Bank of Prescott, Is here
on a vacation and registered at the Pal«
ace.
Bishop Ristarick of Honolulu Is at the
Occidental/
Attornej/A. F. Jones of Oroville Is at
the Palact
Dr. J. G Leonard of Austin. Nev., is at
the Grani.
H. H. Mains was arrested by Detectives
Dinan and wren yesterday afternoon
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
He was employed as a clerk by E. J.
Campion, publisher. Murphy building, and
it is alleged that he collected three
amounts, S24. $64 and $46, and failed \u25a0 to
account for them.
Accused of Embezzlement.
steamer General Frisbie. The members
of the association and their friends are
Invited to attend.
Caduc's Estate Appraised.
The estate of the late Philip Caduc. tha
yachtsman, was appraised yesterday »at
$5309 54. It consists principally of Inter
ests In vessels. ' ' « . ' *\u25a0
PERSONAL MENTION.
Re4uc«! rates on household roods to & from
tbc Cast & South. Bekin's. 11 Monteomerjr. *
Scalia won the first heat almost by a
neck and he was also successful in win
ning the second heat by several yards.
Satarino could not bear his loss \u25a0 philo
sophically and drove his wagon into Sca
lia's, smashing it. Scalia Jumped off his
wagon when the collision took place and
Eatarino, seizing a wagon spok.e, hit Sca
lia on the head with it twice, knocking
him senseless. Scalia was carried to the
Presidio Hospital, where his wounded
scalp was stitched and dressed. -
Yesterday Scalia, with his head bound
up and accompanied by Attorney Splnetti,
called upon Police Judge Fritz and swore
to a warrant for Satarino's arrest oh: a
charge of assault with intent to do griev
ous bodily harm.
. G. Scalia of 724 Filbert street and J.
Satarino. who lives in -the s»me neighbor
hood, are vegetable peddlers and have
been for some time disput.Vig about their
horses. It was finally agr'ee.d that they
would drive to the Presidio on Monday
and have a race, the stakes feeing fixed
at $25. A starter, stakeholder and judge
went with them and the winner of
two out of three heats was to be declared
the winner. - ;> "-\u25a0;
J. Satarino Demonstrates' With Club.
That He Cannot Take Defeat
Philosophically. , '. ''•; :\
USES SPOKE OF WHEEL ON
HEAD OF RIVAL PEDDLE.^
Chief Wlttman instructed the detectives
to bring the woman and Mondragon to his
office yesterday afternoon, and when they
were confronted the woman assorted that
Mondragon was guilty. He vehemently
denied this and satisfied the chief that he
could prove an alibi by at least five repu
table witnesses. Finally, after Mondra
gon had been sent away, the chief put
the woman through a -sweating process
and she confessed 'that Mondrg.gon. was
not guilty, but said she, had blam?d him
"because he had be^n mean to her and he
was capable of doing such a thing. "_
The chief could not get. her-, .to admit
that she knew the man she alleged had
FALTERS AND CONFESSES.
Yesterday Detectives Wren and Cody
found Mondragon at a barber shop at 121
Sutler street, where he is employed. He
was able to prove conclusively by several
witnesses that at the time of the alleged
crime he was two miles away from the
house. He further said he had not seen
the woman for eight months and had no
desire to see her.
cused her formA" husband, Law
rence Mondragon, of attempting to kill
her on Monday morning and confessed
that she was actuated by vindictlveness
because, as she expressed herself, "he
was mean to me for the three months I
lived with him."
ABBIE HASSELL, the servant em
ployed at the residence of Mrs. I.
McNab, 1279 Waller street, has ad
mitted that she lied when she ac-
She went out before breakfast yester
day morning and when she returned she
entered by her rear room. A. man rushed
out of her front room and grabbed hold
of her arms. She tried to scream, but he
warned her to keep quiet, and in a few
minutes he released his hold of her and
he and another man ran down, the stairs.
When she went into her front room she
discovered that $15 in coin and a dress
suit case containing wearing apparel of
the value of $300 had been stolen. Captain
Martin has detailed Detectives Dinan and
Wren on the case.
'Ruth Edwards, 41 Stockton street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Ca
baniss "yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of two men, whose names she did not
know, on a charge of burglary. She says
she .has, seen one of the men before and
wouia be able to identify him at once if
he is arrested.
Ruth" Edwards Held by <3n© Thief
. While the Other Steals Her
, Coin and Dresses.
WOMAN SURPRISES TWO
BURGLARS IN ROOMS
When questioned * last evening Abble
Hassell stuck to her story that she had
been bound and gagged and that an at
tempt had been made to kill her by means
of illuminating gas.
She acain admitted that she had lied
when she had accused her former hus
band of an attempt on her life, and from
tfie many conflicting statements made by
the woman ; there is little doubt that
she has sought notoriety and that the
ScnsatJ«nal story she told in the first In
sfance was bat a fabrication. The police
officials will not waste arty more time on
the woman's claim that an attempt was
made to, kill her, as they are satfsfied that
her story has- absolutely no foundation.
The police believe that the gas was not
turned on, as Dr. Quigley, who attended
the woman, said she showed no- signs of
gas asphyxiation and nobody could be
found to say positively, that they smelled
gas in the woman's bedroom. They are
even inclined to think that the whole af
fair was put up by the woman herself to
get Mondragon into trouble.
STORY NOT BELIEVED.
bound her and turned on the gas, the only
description she gave of him being that he
was a tall man with a dark complexion.
The chief pointed out to her certain in
consistencies in her statement of the af
fair and she said she did not know
whether or not the man had turned on
the gas. The chief advised her to go
home and return when she had made up
her mind to tell him the truth and she
said she would.
Adele L. Brower, widow of the late R.
CJ Brower, sued the Supreme Council of
the Independent Order of Foresters yes
tfrday for $1000 due her on a life insur
snee policy issued to her husband by
Court Madrone. She claims, notwith
standing the fact that her husband was
a member of the order in good standing
at the time of his death, that the council
refuses to pay her claim.
Widow Sties for Tnsuran.ce.
I FORMER HUSBAND OF ABBIE HASSELL, WHOM SHE ACCUSED OF
1 HAVING ATTEMPTED TO MURDER KER. BUT WHO PROVED AN
I ALIBI AND COMPELLED HER TO ADMIT THAT SHE LIED.
Miss E. Figuera of 1419 Hayes street, in
company with Mrs. J. H. Wade of 861
Post street, visited the City Prison yes
terday and positively ' identified Frank
Williams, James Thompson and S. T.
Holmes as the men who . snatched Miss
Figuera's purse , from her hand at the
corner of Post and Lcavenworth streets
on Saturday evening last.
When arrested Thompson had in his
possession two of the handkerchiefs and
a knife belonging to Miss Figuera and
which were in her purse' at the time'of
the robbery.
Detectives J. B. Freel and Steve Bun
ner have ascertained that Holmes, who
passed himself off as a private detective,
stole a watch and diamond ring from Mrs.
Mitchell, who resides at 441 Geary street.
Frank Williams has been wanted for the
theft of a bicycle from Lengfeld's drug
store on Stockton street.
The three prisoners will be charged this
morning with crand. larceny. '
Miss Figuera Recognizes Robbers,
Who Will Now Be Charged With
Grand Larceny. ?/ .
PURSE SNATCHERS ARE
IDENTIFIED BY VICTIM
• Agent Hazen worked steadily on the
case and secured a lot of evidence, which
convinced the Jury of guilt of the ac
cused men after beln? out just fifteen
minutes. While working on the case Haz
en ran across a cache of counterfeit
coins on a deserted ranch. Upon inves
tigation it was learned that the bogus
money had been buried there several
years ago by .two Italians, who are now
doing time - for counterfeiting.
United States Secret ! Service Agent
George. W. Hazen returned last night from
Los Angeles, where he had been for more
than two weeks past engaged In secur
ing evidence against two counterfeiters,
Emlle Bruder and Clement Duschense.
The men were tried by Judge Wellborn in
the United States District Court, found
guilty of counterfeiting and sentenced to
five years' each in San Quentln.
Both counterfeiters are Frenchmen and
they operated in a small canyon outside
the city limits of Los Angeles. They
were engaged in making 50-cent pieces
and were finally taken into custody, after
a hard battle, in which several shots
were fired. Shortly before the case came
to trial, Bruder fell heir to $4500 by the
death of a relative in France, so the best
legal talent was secured to defend the
pair. «
Secures Damaging Evidence That Re
sults in Conviction of Two
French Counterfeiters.
j San Frar.cisco to Lcs Angeles, including
•top nnd two days' accommodations at
the hotel. VS. Tickets, Southern Pacific
Co., €13 Market street, and Third and
rownsend streets. •
The Del Monte full lS-hole golf course Is
tow in excellent condition and pro
nounced by experts the finest in America.
Special R. R. rates: San Francisco to
Del Monte and return. Including two
<!ays' accommodations at the hotel, $10.
Of Interest to Golfers.
HAZEN RETURNS FROM
TRIP TO LOS ANGELES
One peculiar feature about the bank
taking the Initiative in the matter is that
under the new rate banking poncerns and
holders of mortgages would have to pay
some $75,000 less in taxes because the
State raise does not- affect mortgages,
moneys or solvent credits. .Nevertheless,
the city rate of $1,076, based on the as
sessment roll of $420,000,000, is regarded
to b< the only legal rate. It is expected
that tne, Supreme Court will give an early
decision on the point involved. ,.;
The Injunction -will result in stopping
the work of carrying out the taxes on
the roll by the Auditor, who will prob
ably be compelled to ask for an extension
of time from the .second. Monday in Oc
tober, when he is required to turn the
books over to the Tax Collector.
The bank declares that the legal course
that should be followed is to. figure the
taxes for municipal purposes nt $1,076,
the rate adopted last June" by the Board
ot Supervisors based on the assessment
valuation of $422,000,000, as returned by
Assessor. Dodge."
The State tax rate of 56.1 cents on
every $100 of assessed valuation, the bank
claims, should be calculated on the assess
ment roll of $340,000,000, as fixed by, the
State Board of Equalization. .
It is said that the mortgages held by
the bank will be invalidated in the event
that the new city tax rate of 84.4 cents is
figured, Instead of the. old rate. of $1,076
as fixed by the Board of Supervisors last
June, according to charter requirements.
Verbal notification was received yester
day in the Tax Collector's and Auditor's
offices that the Hibernia Bank will to
day bring mandamus proceedings In the
Supreme ' Court, to enjoin Auditor Baehr
from carrying out - on the assessment
books the new tax rate of 84.4 cents for
city purposes,' based on the increased val
uation of $540,000,000 as fixed by the State
Board of Equalization. The papers in
the case have already been prepared by
the attorneys of the bank.
The mandamus proceedings will be sup
plemented by a petition of the banking
corporation that 'Auditor Baehr be cited
to show cause why he should not carry
out two valuations on the roll instead of
one.
Divorces for desertion were' granted
yesterday to Marguerite F. \u25a0 Lynngreen
from Thomas J.' Lynngreen, George C
Beggs from Margaret Beggs, Robert
Buchanan from Minnie Buchanan, John
Schmitt from Isobel Schmltt, and Mattle
Ryley from Alfred Ryley. . Thomas
Kruslc was granted a divorce from Nellie
Kruslc because of her cruelty.
Neglect ' is also the ground on which
Marriet G. Meyer is suing Mose Meyer.
She charges that because of her hus
band's profligacy she has had to depend
upon her brothers for her support since
January of last year. She asks- for a
divorce and 130 a month alimony. The
Meyers were married in December, 1890.
'Ada 'L'. Pierson Is - suing Benjamin L.
Plerson for divorce for desertion.
Neglect ia the ground on which Magfie
J. Brooks is suing for a divorce from ,G.
\V. Brooks. She says that though he' is
worth $5000 and earns $100 a month he
dees not provide for her or his two-chil
dren.
Because she fears that her husbaid
will kill her, Eugenia S. ' Campbell." (if
1F16. Post street, desires, a divorce. < t kn
a complaint for divorce filed. by her y«s
tcrday against John H. Compbell, to
whom she was married in Michigan In
July, 1899, she alleges that he has fie
quently struck and attempted to choke
her and on the 18th inat. he threaterjed
to kill her.
Hypathla Lawson wants a divorce frim
Thomas A. Lawson on the >ground. |of
cruelty. She says that for months past
she has had a miserable existence be
cause ho uses bad language to her and
makes repeated threat^ to choke their
only child. Lawson keeps a grocery store
at 1007 Seventeenth 'street.
Wants a Lower Assessment
Used in Figuring Mu- .; ; • \u25a0
nicpal Levy.
Commences an Action z<
' D Ivor c e on the Ground
of Cruelty.
Hibernia Bank Prepares
to Bring Mandamus
; Proceedings.
Eiigenia Campbell Say
Husband Threatened
to Kill Her.".
CITY'S TAX RATE
TO BE SETTLED
LIVES IN FEAR
OF HER SPOUSE
Miss Fiorme Juillfrat
Hurt While Aiding
Little Oirh
Hying Hv.ofs cf Uotbq injure
Herriue cf TLXciihig
1 ,^.o J U •
t Miss Fl^i •* »eic v. e veil-known
younp conn*:— • .: " **-\u25a0 \u25a0 e heroine
fn a litUe episode jrdrterfi*} \u25a0" \u25a0which she
eaved the life of a little child at the
iisk of her own and snowed herself to
be a young' woman wl.o combines rare \u25a0
"courage and presence of mind with her
f ifts of oersonal charm and talent.
| illss JuUlcrat. who resides at 946 Sixty- j
first street, Oakland, v.as In this city yes- '
terday morning- art 1 while standing en the
cortier of £ixtee">th and Mission street?,
wailing for a. cat, noticed a tiny girl of
2 or 3 yea'-s playing on the sidewalk
alone. ;
While MIes Julllerat was watching the
child the little one started to cross the
etrect arid took a short cut right under ;
a restless horse standing In her way. i
Miss Julllcrat instantly realized the ;
child's danger and making a leap for tho
youngster threw her on the sidewalk
just in time to save her from the hoofs
of the rearing horse, but was herself
painfully kicked on the thigh. The brave
girl, depoeiting the screaming infant over
a nearby fence, managed to board her
<ar and reach home, but it will be .many
Cays before she will entirely recover
from the shock and bruises received
through her courageous act.
i Miss Juillerat went to her home in Oak-
Jand, where she was attended by her
physician, who said the Injuries were for
tunately rot serious. The plucky young
T'aman refused to allow her experience to
Interfere with an engagement last night
4o sing at the Hughes pupils' recital in
Oakland.
.) The yourg woman modestly avowed It
|nj nothing and said:
""It was just an impulse that compelled
xne to jump to the baby's rescue. I saw*
that the little girl was going to be hurt
end I just dragged her out of the horse's
fnj. I did not stop to ltarn who the
l»aby was or where she belonged."
GIFTED SINGER
SAVES A CHILD
STORY OF ABBIE HASSELL
DECLARED A FABRICATION
Woman Admits She Deliberately Accused Her Former Hus
band, Lawrence Mondragon, After He Proves Complete
Alibi to Police, and Officials Decide to Abandon Inquiry
THE SAiN"-, FEANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. 1903,
14
. ADVE&TISEHENTS.
Important
Announcement
| To-morrow (MonflaB) we will
place on sale SEVEN CASES FINE
WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
size suitable for three-guarter Ms.
- Price $3 00 _
We will also offer 200 pairs
EXTRA SIZE White Golden Gate
' £5 OQ Pair
.....Good Value for $7.50..,.
Elsgant assortment of new Curtains,
Bel- Spreads, Portieres and Batten-
he l g Tidies. |
\u25a0-
tfjzfi* "^7^ /
111, i!3, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uli^ Head k a 'che nd Lf,m e h tlVely c lr1 a J! £ a8M °f Nervous Headache, Sick
Illl for he/dTc^ffia^a 1
\u25a0r»i«ri" 1 ha ve treriuently used Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills for Neu-
l^^$$s and yZ y 'nyarta^y tfve speedy relief. Also In traveling.
SSSSS^ m , ne iY^^out them to prevent drowsiness and headache."—
gSSSCSSS EL. SAN FORD, Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel, Etna Springs. Calif.
SSSSSSS^ r" T^° ?, ear . 3 ? s ° r had a severe attack of La Grippe, and was
$CC$$^ y nd ej; the doctor's care for five days without any relief Then I
S^$$S bought a box of Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and 1 five Pain PH Is-
J£s$SS$$SKS^. ?ured me. \u25a0 A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks
*g<^^^^ £ !1 t s h .? 3 mrrrn-vffi'--ff XT A?- only three of thl
fills. — JOHN N. PURTTEMAN, Glendale. Ore.
-' V$$$$$^ • Neup a'f»'*t" Rheumatism, Sciatica, . Backache, . La Grippe, Pain In
isNSxsSSS Stomach, Ague Pains, Indigestion, Olzzinsss, Nervousness -and
XSSSSNN^ Sleeplessness. ' „, ' \u25a0
x$$C$vvs; "Once, and often twice a week, for -years I have had spells
nSSn^oocs of dull, ; heavy , pains across the : forehead accompanied ' with l
VsnSSnSS> \u25a0"', , pains in heart, arm and phoulders. 1 find Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain .
N^S^OjSX r " Pills \u25a0 very beneficial, one: tablet \u25a0 usually i being ' sufficient' to stoo
V^S^sSS the pain."— MRS. LEONA ELDER. AVheatland. Calif. .;
"I could not pet along. without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln' Pills.
, They>;give me almost instant relief from almost any pain.
sSSScCyV* \u25a0•."\u25a0 I giveithemito'all of 'the children.* even the. baby.* and w« feel
sSNosssJoc ; no, bad. effects afterwards, as one does from most medicines." —
' V$C$$$V\ .MRS. IRA ALLEN. 208 Indiana Ave... Riverside.- Calif. :
Dr. Miles'; Antl-Paln' Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents is/
jRCCvsVCw^ ; box ' under a '. positive guarantee • that the first box well beneflt
•"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0I"* ; or money refunded. ."\u25a0 *., • - .\u25a0/ ...
The Genuine Dr. Miles' Remedies are never sold at Cat Prices.
APVTOtTISEifflEHTB.-
IB. KATSCHINSKI g
Philadelphia Shoe Co. h
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. §
Adjoining Call Bnildiaflr. y
RAIN SOON NOW I
OUR PRICE ONLY 35c I
It may rain to-day and it may ffj
net rain for a week, but still it is h
pure to rain, so prepare for it. F
-Don't wait until it is pouring: ajid B
th<n spoil a pood pair of shoes. H
BUY NOW. We will this season 1
sell a first-class Ftorm rubber for Hi
ladies at ;J3 CENTS A PAIR. 9'
Men's Ktorm rubbers. 50 CENTS 9
A PAIR. All sizes and widths. «
WE ARE THE AGENTS 3
CROSSETT'S SHOES §
MAKES LIFE'S WALK EASY j
This is the time to look after your E
\u25a0winter footwear, so come around g
and examine our Fall styles that ij
have been specially made. We are 9
agents for CROSSETT'S SHOES,
that makes \u25a0< life's walk easy, and
one of his styles is Just adapted to
our climate. Gents' box calf lace
shoes, with wide coin toes and
tips, welted viscollzed soles and ex-
tension edjjes, are guaranteed to be
waterproof. THE PRICE ONLY
$:i.r,il. Sizes, 5»± to 12; widths, A
: to KK.
B. KATSCHINSKI
<* Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD CT, E&b FraaciBto.
i
ADVERTISEMEHTS.
fepaB9DBBs«anmara
| f THERE IS A
Grace and Charm
About ths
J ROBERT WALLACE
I That Irresistibly Attracts
I Fashionable Dressers.
I We Invite particular
I attention to our very
I exceptional values In
I SABLE, ISABELLA,
1 MAROON,. BUCK, (
I WHITE and RED
j FOX STOLES
1 $7.50 $10.00 $12.00
1 $15.00 $17.50 $20.00
I $25.00 $30.00 $35.00
1 $40.00 $45.00 $50.00
I $55.00 $60.00 $65.00
JSHIRTSJ
i ARE THE BEST 11
HAT THE PRICE. ||
H CLUETT, PEABOOY & CO. ffl
At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MARTY, 22 Turk Street.
Factory— 826 Howard Street Repairin*.
DnTTOUPC FOR BARBERS. BA-
HKLISHEiS *•*\u25a0• bootblacks. b»Uw .
IJilUUXllJU hous««, bUUarci tabl«».
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-m **•"!• ca °f5!!*
dyers, flour mills, foundries. UundrU*. paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe <«t° r "*
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «e.
BTTCSAJTAJff BSOS,
Srtna ManuXactnxe-rs, 609 Sacr*m«ato St.