SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 108.
NEW YORK, SepL. 15.— The: Broad way
National Bank building at ' 237 Broad
way, corner of Park place,' was ruined by
iir« «xrly this morning.
Broadway Bank Building Burned.
BERLIN,, Sept. 15.— Miss" Morgan, man
ager of the American Women's Club, died
here last night.- She had been for many
years active in charity work t in 'Berlin
and a large contributor to other work.
Women's Club Manager Dies.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Secretary
of the Treasury Shaw has definitely de
cided to withdraw the Government! de
posits from all banks reducing their cir
culation to take advantage of the high
price of United States bonds where such
banks are already designated as United
States depositories. Furthermore, he will
refuse to grant .applications from . new
banks desiring to become Government de
positories unless they agree to maintain
their circulation at the present figures.
This, the Secretary hopes, will put an
end to the perplexing situation brought
about by the clamor of many banks for
increased- deposits, while at the same
time they are doing their. best to reduce
the volume of currency available for; busi
ness by retiring circulating notes based
on United States bonds.
While the treasury 'officials, as well as
oflicers of : national banks,, believe that
such "an anomalous situation/ is due more
to the .'system than to the action of the
banks, themselves, -Secretary Shaw be
lieves It is tlmato put an end to it, if
possible, and will make use of his discre
tionary . power in _namlng depositories to
show his : disapproval of retiring circula
tion for the purposes of bond speculation.
: Although no official ~ announcements
iiave been or will? be made on this inten
tion of Secretary Shaw, it can be said on
the highest authority that the action will
h«' taken/- :.;'¦ ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The doctors, then decided to give the
child an electrical spray bath. This was
done with a static machine, and when it
was completed the youngster was to all
intents as healthy as any other child less
than two hours old. Since then it has
continued to thrive.
ESSEX, Ont., Sept. 15.— Drs. James Brlen
and W. C. Doyle, physicians in this town,
were called last week to attend Mrs.
Frank Wagner. A child was born to her
of unusual size and giving no signs of life.
The physicians worked more than an hour
in a vain attempt to bring to life tho
child with hot and cold water baths, in
flating the lungs with a tube, artificial
respiration and every other means known,
and they finally decided to use electricity.
The house where the baby wjfe born is
three blocks from the physicians' office.
The doctors wrapped the child in a blank
et and carried it to the ofHce, where no
time waa lost in alternately applying a
Faradic current and a galvanic current
The negative pole was placed at the base
of the brain and the positive pole to the
abdomen. The physicians administered a
current of 120 milliamperes to the body.
Fifteen minutes after they had com
menced the treatment the child gave a
short gasp. This encouraged the physi
cians, who Increased the power of the
electrical current to 200' milliamperes, the
positive pole being changed to the base
of the brain and the negative pole to the
abdomen. Every moment the little one
showed increasing signs of life, and
within, ten minutes it was breathing nat
urally.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"I think the public is so deeply inter
ested in Sir Thomas and his welfare that
all there is to know should be given out."
said Alexander H. Revell. "It is true that
there are serious Indications of inflam
mation, and we are all pretty much wor
ried. Everything Is being- done, and an
other consultation will be held in the
morning. In the meantime Drs. Thomas
and Webster and myself will be in con
stant attendance on Sir Thomas."-
During the day Dr. Homer M. Thomas
had been In attendance on the distin
guished patient. In the evening the Baro
net's condition became suddenly worse,
and it was decided to call eminent spe
cialists into consultation.
For more than an hour Drs. Senn, Web
ster and Thomas were engaged In their
examination, concluding with a diagnosis
that unmistakable symptoms of inflam
mation of the stomach and bowels were
in evidence. Up to that time his ailment
had been diagnosed as acute Indigestion.
When the physicians emerged from the
sick room they declined to discuss Sir
Thomas' condition further than to make
the briefest statement. Neither would
they say whether they thought his chance
lor recovery was good.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— Sir Thomas Llpton
arrived in Chicago to-day too 111 to meet
any of the engagements arranged for him,
and was pronounced late to-night to be
suffering from inflammation of the stom
ach and bowels. His condition Is serious.
At 10 o'clock his secretary, John West
Wood, hurried from Sir Thomas' suite on
the parlor floor of the Auditorium Annex
and summoned Drs. Nicholas Senn and
George W. "Webster by telephone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEPOSITORY
BANKS TO BE
DISCIPLINED
Tiny Patient Pro
nounced Dead
Is Revived.
Lipton's Condition
Excites Grave
Concern.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 15.— In the tangled
kelp that brushes the shingle below the
trown bluffs on the ocean drive, or per
haps fathoms deep In the cold embrace
of the "mother and lover of men— the
sea," the body of Miss Hertha Page of
San Jose is believed to rest to-night.
The young society belle's black velvet
jacket, her hat and her tan gloves were
found to-day in a coign of the cliffs not
very far from the point where the electric
railroad has Its terminus. She was seen
near the spot yesterday gazing wistfully
over the illimitable expanse of ocean, and
It is conjectured, with abundant reason,
That she destroyed her life by leaping
into the surf below.
Although she had been here for more
than a day and a night, Jt is not recorded
that she stayed at a hotel or lodging
house. She had not even been seen about
town, and it is probable that when she
left the train the wandered out on the
cliff drive nnd in <be midst of the fire of
flowers and glowing grass sorrowed over
the misery of her young life and nerved
herself to the desperate business of self
destruction.
FINDING OF A JACKET.
The ciothing was found shortly before
21 o'clock this morning by L. D. Rlther
ma:i of Denver. Sheriff Langford and M.
EL Page, the young woman's brother,
who had been in comunication with Chief
of Police Clark and Sheriff Trafton. had
inad» a thorough search of the hotejs and
boardlr.g-houses, but without success.
They ascertained, however, that the wom
an had arrived on the narrow gauge train
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock.
Early this morning the brother arose
ft&d at 6 o'clock went to the Catholic
church and to other churches, as once
l><-fore in San Jose Mi.-s Page had been
found lying on the steps of a church.
Nothing was seen of her by the brother.
end he then went to Capitola to search
the coast line for four miles, while Sher
iff I^angford of San Jose and Sheriff
Trafton went up the coast to hunt be
tween Moorrs Beach, four miles from this
dry, and the beach here.
When the Sheriffs were near the mu
ffum on * h « cliffs Ritherman approached
with the woman's wearing npparel. He
tvas a visitor In the city. He had gone
to the end of the electric car line on a
Fiphtsc-cing tour and was walking along
the drive when he found a jacket lined
with pink silk. Upon it were a couple
f)f dahlias. He al?o picked up the tan
Kloves and the v.Hte hat edged with
white lace and trimmed with blue forget
me-nots. This is e hat which was worn
by the young lady when she left San
Jose end which was Immediately recog
nized as hers by Sheriff Laneford.
BOCK OF A CHUECH.
The place where the articles were found
is within a few hundred feet of the end
of the electric car line, near Garfleld
Park and close to the cliff museum. They
were on a email shelf of earth Just above
a cliff that overlaps the surging waters
f)f the ocean. This particular cliff is
known as Christian Endeavor Rock and
on It is carved a large cross. The rock
was dedicated and named by the En
doavorers of the Christian church of Call
fornia, and yearly when their conven
tion Is held at Garfield Park a sunrise
prayer meetins Is held there.
Apparently It was from that rock that
the girl leaped to end her life. The wa
ter at that point Is the roughest along
the coast and there Is a perilous under
tow. The high waves come together In
three directions. The cliffs are honey
combed and the waves reach under the
:oad for a couple of hundred feet, mak
kig several natural arches. There is a
possibility that the body might wash up
i:: one of these caves. Near this point
is & monster bed of seaweed and kelp
and there is a strong possibility that the
human form Is entangled In the meshes
ui the sea. flora.
VIGIL AT THE SEA.
It is thought that Miss Page ended her
life early this morning. Yesterday after :
i:oon Mrs. J. A. Moore, wife of the pro
prietor of the cliff museum, saw the lady
lcr three hours at the point where the
v. < aring apparel was found. Mrs. Moore
did not think It strange, as from this
!>!ace one of the finest views along the
coast can be obtained of the waves as
they dash their spray against the cliff,
and It Is no unusual thing for people to
remain and watch by the hour. Mrs.
Moore says she saw the young woman
the last time about 5 o'clock on a bridge
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
ELECTRICITY
GIVES LIFE
TO A BABE
DANGEROUS
ILLNESS OF
SIR THOMAS
Sheriffs and Friends Search
the Shore Along the
Cliff Drive.
Officers Believe Young
Woman Ended Her
Life.
Miss Page's Jacket
Found at Santa
Cruz.
GIRL'S BODY
MAY REST IN
SEA DEPTHS
T^EPUTY UNITED STATES MARSHAL GAMBLE has made a confession to United States District Attorney Woodwork his connection with the Chi
13 nesc substitution case. He implicates two Chinamen in the conspiracy. The Chinese prisoners were schooled in the County fail by white men. The substitution
• of the old and decrepit Chinese was made in the Appraiser's building. to Gamble the : prisoners were marched from the County Jail to Jackson and
Sansome streets, where they were turned loose. Hackdriver Martin's story is denied by Gamble. (
DEPUTY MARSHAL GAMBLE CONFESSES TO PART IN CONSPIRACY
FOR THE SUBSTITUTION OF CHINESE ORDERED TO BE DEPORTED
BULGARIA
STAYS WAR
ONE WEEK
Awaits Action on
Appeal to the
Powers.
Preparations for the In
evitable Conflict 60
Forward.
First Three Divisions of-
Army Are Summoned
to the Colors.
SOFIA, Sept. 15.— -The revolution
ary headquarters has received news o!
a terrible situation at Losongrad. The
entire district is filled with Turkish
and Albanian troops and Bashi-Ba
zouks. Twelve villages have been
burned and more than 100 families
been massacred. Many of the women
and girls captured have been sent to
various harems. About 400 widows
and orphans have arrived at the fron
tier village of Tekendge from Lossn
grad. A '.elcgram from Burdas says
the authorities of the town of Losen
grad have ordered the Bulgarian fam
ilies to be removed from the Creek
districts. The decree causes great
fear among the Bulgarians. All of the
Bulgarian prisoners in the town jail
at Losengrad have been lulled by
Mussulman prisoners, aided by the
prison guards,
BERLIN, Sept. 15. — A dispatch to
the Tageblatt from Constantinople re
ports that the Russian monastery in
Jerusalem has been sacked by a Mo
hammedan mob and that all of the
monks there were murdered.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 15.—
The Russian and Austrian embassies
have made most serious representa
tions to the Porte regarding the ex
cesses of the Turkish troops, espe
cially the Albanians, in the Vilayets
of Monastir and Adrianople.
FEDERAL OFFICIALS WHO ARE CONDUCTING AN INVESTIGATION
INTO THE CHINESE SUBSTITUTION SCANDAL, DEPUTY UNITED
STATES MARSHAL. WHO HAS CONFESSED AND TWO SUSPECTS.
Tells How the Mongolian Prisoners Were
Turned Loose and Implicates Others.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Sept. 13.— No Im
portant step Is likely to be taken
at the present critical juncture.
pending the return to the capital ot
Prince Ferdinand and a reply from tha
powers or some intimation from them In
response to Bulgaria's note.
The air here is filled with rumors ot
mobilization. It is alleged that the first
three divisions of the army, having their
centers at' Sofia, Phlllipopolls and Silvnac.
have been called out. In official quarters,
however, it is declared that the only step
actualy decided upon is the summoning to
the colors of the first three divisions,
which retired from the army during th»
last three years. This will give a force
of 10.0CO men. who will be chiefly employed
in strengthening the troop3 along tha
frontier.
It Is expected that a week will suffice
to enable the Ministry to Judge of the ex
tent to which the final appeal to the pow
ers is likely to prove successful. Doubts
are expressed in diplomatic circles
whether the Bulgarian note will bring
any decisive results, but there is every
disposition to recognize the sincerity of
the Ministry's attitude and its complete
justification for Issuing such a document.
In view of the Immense forces that Tur
key is gathering in threateningly closa
proximity to the Bulgarian frontier.
It is stated that the Porte has pro
tested to Austria against Austrian" and
Hungarian firms being allowed to supply
cartridges to the Bulgarian Government
at the present time.
It is announced that a detachment of
Turkish troops which went to the Greek
monastery of Barshianl, near Monastlr. to
seek a number of revolutionaries sup
posed to be in hiding in the building, find
ing no one there, set fire to the monas
tery and killed the servants and women.
At Konks Klglavl, near Rosengrad, a
body of Turkish Infantry and cavalry,
accompanied by a mountain battery,
fought a three "hours' engagement with
Insurgents. The Turks had thirty killed
and many wounded.
THIRTY TURKS ARE SLAIN.
Insurgents. Suffer No Loss in Bar-
oritza Engagement.
SALONICA. European Turkey. Sept. 13.
A band of 120 insurgents at Barorttza
killed thirty Turks in a recent engage
ment and retired to the mountains with
out sustaining any losses. Fifty Turks,
who were wounded in the fight at Witchu
on September 13. have arrived here. a
band organized by Greek notables near
Drama is trying to destroy the village of
Gyurejik.
A general Insurrection in the vilayet
of Salonica. east of the Var.la River. 19
announced to have begun yesterday. The
region is divided into eight districts, each
from Dasher the six Chinese who were
under sentence of • deportation. They had
been thoroughly coached by somebody In
the jail and were thus aware of the des
perate plan to hoodwink the' United
States officials and circumvent them In
their efforts to send them back to China.
Dasher, without any attempt at investi
gation, readily turned over the prisoners
to Gamble.
SIGNALED TO DISAPPEAR.
The Chinese prisoners had been pre
viously schooled as to what they should
do after they left the County Jail. Ac
cording to Gamble he was to throw up
his hands after reaching a certain place,
which was the signal to them to disap
pear.
After they were turned over to Gamble
by Dasher, the six Chinese walked down,
Broadway, escorted by the Deputy Mar
shal. On reaching Jackson and Sansome
streets, Gamble, evidently satisfied that
his. plans had not miscarried, suddenly
threw up his hands. The signal was seen
Continued on Page 5, Column i.
Continued on Page 5, Column 4.
/N the hope of escaping with a light
sentence, or possibly a small .fine.
Deputy United States Marshal
Gamble, who is charged with
crookedness in connection with
the wholesale liberation of Chi
nese under sentence of deportation, has
made - a - complete confession to United
States District Attorney Woodworth.
Gamble, who was arrested Monday morn
ing, but- subsequently released on $2000
bail, declares in his confession .that Horn
Toon and Wong Tin, who are well known
in the Chinese quarter, Conspired with
him to. engage In the traffic of substitut
ing old and decrepit Chinamen for tho3©
who were" ordered transported. "The
amount !to, be paid for defeating the.pur
poses of the exclusion act was J120 for
each Chinaman who was thus favored.
DASHER IN A BAD LIGHT.
Deputy Sheriff William Dasher is placed
in an unenviable light through .Gamble's
confession. The disgraced Deputy United
'states^ Marshal in his statement to Dis
trict Attorney Wood worth declared that
; he .went to the. County Jail*and received
PRICE FIVE CENT3.
The San Francisco Call.Canadian attorney gene
ral. WHO IS MAKING ARGU
MENT BEFORE COMMISSION.
SAN ANTONIO. Texas. Sept. 15.— The de
partment store of Wolf & Marx burned to
day, entail inc a less of more than $200,000.
Scholes" roof garden also was destroyed.
by sharpshooters, was attacked recently
in the vicinity of- Benlabbes and that
Buchenite and thirteen men were killed.
Unconfirmed Dispatch Tells of Kill
ing of Major Buchenite and
Thirteen Men.
ALGERIA. Sept. 15.— An unconfirmed
dispatch from Ain Sefra, a small oasis
152 miles from Tlemesen, says a French
convoy under Major Buchenite. escorted
KTTMORED ATTACK UPON
FRENCH SHARPSHOOTERS
Sheriff and His Deputies Keturn to
San Lois Obispo, but Will Con
tinue Their Search for
Kuiinle's Slayer.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 15.—Notwith
standing the efforts of the officers who
have for the past four days been working
assiduously in attempting to run to earth
the assassin of Charles P. Kuimle, who
was shot to death early Saturday morn
ing at a point near his home, no tangible
clew hue yet been discovered. At times it
has seemed that the efforts of the of
ficers had been almost successful, but the
sltr.der thread of evidence has always
been broker., and the identity of the as
s-assin is yet a mystery.
Sheriff Ivlns. Deputy Sheriff McFadden
and District Attorney Palmer, who have
been at the scene of the crime since a
few hours after the deed was committed,
returned to San Luis Obispo this even
ing. Sheriff Ivins stated to The Call cor
respondent that while the officers were at
present baffled In their attempt to un
' ravil the mystery they had by no means
given it up. He said that he would prob
ably return to-morrow. Sheriff Ivins
states that every possible clew has been
carefully followed and worked out to the
tnu, and every theory that has occurred
to the officers or that has been suggested
by others has been thoroughly investi
gated.
There are a few matters not yet fully
completed, any one of which may lead to
the dectection of the guilty person. Sher
iff Ivlns states that It is a matter of the
.greatest surprise to him that a crime of
that character could be committed and
the perpetrator leave no trace. To-night
the matter is in charge of the local of
iicers. Constable Gano and Marshal Pierce
of Paso Robles. Sheriff Ivins and Deputy
McFadden are awaiting developments in
San Luis Obispo. taough they may return
at any time to the scene of the tragedy.
As the matter now stands it is a mystery
unparalleled In the criminal history of
this county, but it may be solved at any
time.
SOUTH McALEFTER. I. T.. Sept. IS. E
N. Short, a Deputy United States Marshal of
the Central Dl*trict. who killed a coal miner
<~n a Choctaw pas-nenper train at Wlster on
Labur day. has tscaped from prison at Poteau.
He was suffering from smallpox '•.ontracted
•Jurine hi» confinement and \va« not closeiy
watcbed.
Evidence Is Gathered, but
Arrests Cannot Yet
Be Made.
If it has not been deliberately fostered, cer
tainly no effort has been made to check the
notion that Mr. Low Is approved by the Presi
dent and that the President's influence Is be
hind him. and each day this Idea Is hurting
a man loved by many who are opposed to him
politically and in a State where, in his own
time of trial, he will desperately need every
friendly influence he can have. I do not mean
that the President, as an individual, disap
proves of Mr. Low or his candidacy. I have
no authority or information to speak on such
a subject, but I have excellent reasons to be
lieve that the President, with perfect appre
ciation of the dignity of his position, has ab
stained wholly from any expression of approval,
even to Mr. Low himself.
The weakness of. Mr. Low as a mayoral
ty candidate Jerome attributes to "ego
tism, self-complacency and limitations."
Low's recent letter accepting the indorse
ment of the fusionlst conference. Jercme
says, "is destitute of every Indication of
leadership." As for the attitude of Pres
ident Koosevelt toward the municipal
campaign, Jerome says:
I have potlsflcd myself by careful inquiry
thBt the irrent mass of people to whom we must
look for support In the coming campalta be
lieve that Mr. Low cannot be re-elected, and
that while they may give a half-hearted sup
port to him for the Fake of the cause they
cannot overcome their dislike and disgust for
him.
The voting during the <"ay was remark
ably free from trouble. There were no
more than fifty arrests during the entire
seven hours of voting. All of thesa cases
were attended to by the city magistrates
and a great majority of them proved to
be errors on the part of the complainants
and the men were discharged.
District Attorney Jerome, who is at his
summer home in Lakeville, Conn., has
written to a member of the Citizens'
Union in this city a statement of the rea
ct-ns for his opposition to the candidacy
of Mayor Seth Low for re-election. He
says:
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— The primaries,
both Republican and Democratic, to-day
passed off much more -unoothly than had
been expected. In the Ninth District the
hottest fight in the city was waged 'un
successfully by William S. Devery against
Krank J. Goodwin, who ¦won by 404 votes.
Declares President Has Ab
stained" Voicing Pref
erence.
Officers Fail to Find
the Paso Robles
Assassin.
District Attorney Says
People Dislika the
Mayor.
JEROME OPPOSES
LOW BITTERLY
MURDERER'S
TRUCKS LOST
TO PURSUERS
CANADIAN COUNSEL JUBILANT
OVER TELLING POINT SCORED
Lord Alverstone Agrees With Contention Pre
sented by Attorney General Finlay in His Argu
ment Before Alaskan Boundary Commission
Continued jFrom Page 1, Column 1.
GIRL'S BODY MAY REST II-SEA DEPTHS
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— Francis V. Benque.
who was arrested on the complaint of the Fed
eral authorities on a charge of having writ
ten threatening letters to Secretary Hay, was
to-day committed to the Manhattan Stale Asy
lum.
The publication of the pamphlet imme
diately after the momentous Cabinet
council held yesterday and to-day indi
cates that it embodies a statement of
policy accepted, or rather acquiesced in.
by the majority of the Cabinet. If this
assumption is correct, then it means an
abandonment of the idea of preferential
Balfour's pamphlet is a reprint of notes
which he circulated among his colleagues
in tho Cabinet in the early part of Aug
ust and are now published, he explains.
because he thinks they might gain the
larger circulation for which they were
originally written.
ABANDONS CHAMBERLAIN.
Were I proved to be wrong, my opinion on
th« fundamental question would remain un
changed. Where we fail, others may succeed.
It cannot be right for a country with free
trade Jdeals to enter Into competition wltn
protectionist rivals, self deprived of the only
Instrument whereby their policy can conceiv
ably be modified. The rnont essential object
of our national efforts should be to get rid of
the bonds in which we have gratuitously en
tangled ouraelves. The precise manner In
which we should use our repalned liberty la
Important, yet. after all. only a secondary
lisue.
Balfour declares that the optimists who
advocate a continuance of the free trade
policy in spite of the injury worked by
protection on Great Britain's Interests
are foolish and their arguments little
short of reckless. The only possible hope
of a mitigation of the evil is through
negotiation, which, he says, can only ap
peal to self-interest In foreign protected
countries, and In the case of the colonies
to self-interest coupled with sentiment.
Balfour concludes:
Balfour says the mistakes made by the
free traders half a century ago have left
Great Britain bearing all the burdens and
enjoying only half the advantages which
should attach to the empire. He devotes
much space to the effect of protection
upon combinations In countries in which
protection exists. This, the Premier
points out. is to the disadvantage of the
British manufacturer, who is , unable to
compete with, the manufacturer who is
able to sell abroad at a lower price than
he charges for the same article at home.
He gives an Instance of German steel in
this particular, saying that* it" is selling
cheaper in England - thaji the '• English
manufacturer can possibly produce it for.
JOYS OF FREE TRADE.
The arguments presented throughout the
pamphlet vary little from those already
enunciated, but the Premier points out
that as a result of England's retaining a
fiscal policy made for a free trade coun
try in a world of free traders, not for a
free trade country in a world of pro
tectionists, the rate of her export trade
has not increased and in fact has seri
ously diminished. ¦
Compared with past years some depart
ments show no increase, while others
show symptoms of decay. ,The Premier
asserts that there is no reason to expect
an improvement. Meanwhile Germany,
America, France, Russia and even Great
Britain's self-governing colonies continue
to build up a protected interest within
their borders.
Balfour says he approaches the subject
from the standpoint of a free trader aa
far as contemporary circumstances will
permit. He continues: i
I am a free trader, but not of the pattern
which holds that the doctrine of free trade Is
so universal In its application and Is capable
of such exact expresston that every conclusion
to which It logically leads must be accepted
without hesitation and without reserve.
LONDON. Sept. 16.— Premier Balfour
Issued last night the advance sheets of
a pamphlet on the subject "Insular Free
Trade," in which he presents at length
arguments in favor of a change in Great
Britain's fiscal policy. In introducing the
pamphlet Balfour says his purpose In is
suing it is that It would be impossible to
put all the Important points of this ques
tion within the limits of a single apeech;
therefore the pamphlet may be a fitting
preliminary to the. speech which he will
shortly make. This undoubtedly refers
to the speech Balfour will make at Shef
field on October 1. - • „
Premier's Scheme Differs From
That of Chamberlain, Who Is
Forced Into Temporary
Quietude.
Would Make Duties Retalia
tory Rather Than
Preferential.
The Duke of Devonshire had a confer
ence lasting. two hours with Mr. Balfour
at the tatter's official residence last even
ing. Chief Irish Secretary Wyndham, the
Earl of Selforne and Gerald Balfour al3o
called on the Premier. It is believed that
-within a day or two the resignation of
Chancellor of the Exchequer Ritchie, and
perhaps that of the Duke of Devonshire,
will be announced, although nothing cer
tain is known, and the Standard, a Con
servative organ, contends in its editorial
article that this is no occasion whatever,
under the existing understanding, for any
member of the Cabinet to withdraw.
According to> the Dally Mall. Chamber
lain agrees, under the stress of necessity,
not to press his programme. The paper
says he probably will not admit that his
schemes are abandoned, but. nevertheless,
they can safely be regarded as dead, for
the time at least
A circumstantial statement is publish
ed, attributing to the Colonial Secretary
the prediction of a general election and
the defeat of the Government in the
spring. The Conservatives will be In op
position for six months and then he will
return to office wuj ta» country at his
back.
RESIGNATIONS IN SIGHT.
The most momentous, perhaps the most p«n
manent. victory for free trade ¦was won when,
rather on national than on economic grounds,
interstate tantCa were forbidden in the United
States.
HONOLULU, Sept. 15.-United States
District Attorney Breckona has com
menced an investigation of the disbar
ment of Attorney George A. Davis, who,
with Circuit Judge Humphreys, was ac
cused and found guilty of unprofessional
conduct in the case of John Sumner. who,
it was alleged, was mulcted out of J30.000 j
in fees in a few short months. Breckons
recently commenced proceedings for a re
hearing and pending a review of the evi
dence against him by the Supreme Court
he was restored to hla rights and permit
ted to resume his legal practice in these
islands. District Attorney Breckons has
now become Interested In the case and
will make a thorough canvass of the en
tire case against Davis, with its resultant
disbarment.
It is reported on good authority that
the action of the United States District
Attorney is Inspired by Attorney General.
Knox, who is supposedly acting in the !
matter at the* suggestion of President
Roosevelt. It Is reported that Davis re
cently sent an urgent appeal for assist- j
ance to President Roosevelt and other in- ;
fluential friends at Washington, including .
at least one Senator. Senator Mitchell. I
On the claims of Davis that the case j
against him was founded on prejudice,
the Department of Justice, it is believed,
will take a hand in the matter.
Following the reopening of the case of
Davis the Advertiser printed a number of j
sensational articles derogatory to Davis, {
and on several occasions the bitterness |
engendered was so great that It was fear- >.
ed that a tragedy T*ould be the outcome !
of the intense feeling which existed be- j
tween the editor of the Advertiser and I
Davis but the latter resorted to more
peaceful methods and took the matter to
the courts, filing a suit for libel against
the Advertiser and asking for $25,000 dam
ages to soothe his injured feelings.
tariffs with the colonies and the taxation
of food in favor of a system of retaliatory
duties. Even this, however. Is tentative.
Balfour. In his speech on October 1. ex
pects to elaborate and explain his case.
and then the Cabinet will closely watch
Its reception by the Conservative dele
gates.
In short, the great question of free trade
versus protection, so far as the Cabinet
Is concerned. Is still undecided. What will
be Colonial Secretary Chamberlain's atti
tude is the burning question of the mo
ment. The most striking feature of Bal
four's pamphlet is that from the begin
ning to the end it does not refer to Cham
berlain's proposal. There is not a word
about the threatened breaking up of the
empire or preferential tariffs, and the
colonies are scarcely mentioned. On the
contrary, the whole line of Balfour's rea
soning is opposed to tariffs for purely pro
tective purposes. . Hence Chamberlain is
faced by the alternative of either aban
doning preferential tariffs or prosecuting
his campaign unsupported by Balfour.
. On' the zollverein question Balfour says:
Federal Prosecutor Takes Up
Case of the Accused
Lawyer.
Balf our Issues a Pam
phlet Favoring a
Tarifl.
Pending Review of Evi
dence He I? Restored
to His Rights.
ADVOCATES
PROTECTION
FOR BRITAIN
REHEARING GIVEN
ATTORNEY DAVIS
WELLINGTON.' N. Z.. Sept. 15.—Pre
mier Seddon has Introduced a very drastic
bill for the prevention of monopolies In
New Zealand. It proposes to establish a
monopolies' court, with full powers of a
Supreme Court, to Investigate all com
plaints ; regarding the enhancing of prices
by : the ¦ forming- of ' trusts, and prescribes
heavy penalties for offendera. ¦
New Zealand Trust Remedy.
VIENNA.* Sept. 15.-A Constantinople
dispatch ' received here asserts that Col
onel. Massey, who was "commissioned, by
tbe British embassy to Inspect the action
of the Turkish troops in the Adrianople
district, has returned to Constantinople,
having « been forbidden to continue hia
Journey. It is stated that as far as his
observations went they confirmed, the re
ports of the^exterminatlon of the Mace
donian population bjr theTurks.' • •;
British^ Officer Is Turned Back.
The Southern Pacific's Excursion to Yo
semite September 17. One day at Wa
wona and Big Trees. In by Inspiration
Point. .Out by Glacier Point. Rate of
$48 50 includes railroad fare, sleeping car,
stage fare. both ways, hotels, carriage In
valley, horses, mules— all necessary ex
penses for fiVe days' trip. Personally con
ducted. Itinerary at 613 Market street.
Only Route Via Mariposa Sequoias.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S : .
; . : YOSEMITE EXCURSION
GALVESTON, Texas. Sept. 15.— The
British steamship Juhulva was driven
ashore and wrecked .iear Boynton on. the
Florida coast . in the recent hurricane and
her engineer and. fourteen -of her- crew
were drowned, j She sailed from Galveston
on September, 6. for Hamburg by way of
Newport News. Her cargo consisted of
£34,000 bushels of -wheat, valued at $189,864;
100 -square bales of cotton, valued at Jll,
675; 063 sacks of brewers' grain, valued at
$783;. 150 bales. of qulntle, valued at$289S;
1M0 sacks .of cottonseed meal, valued at
$2576. and pine 'lumber, valued at $1234.
Special Dispatch to The -ill.
Engineer and Fourteen
of Juhulva's Crew
Are Lost.
It was e o'clock when Bhe left home
and Bhe had but little time to reach the
depot and catch the train at 6:25 to San
ta Cruz. s She rode a block or two in the
direction she said she was going and then
evidently .turned and went straight to
the depot. She left her bicycle at a
warehouse near there.
It is believed she realized the step she
was taking. Trainmen were attracted to
the young lady as she appeared distress
ed and at times was In tears and sobs.
On the day of her disappearance mem
bers of the Oratorio Society, of which she
was assistant secretary, received postals
from .her announcing the renewal ot
meetings of that society and the tak
ing up of "The Bohemian Girl." Miss
Page had written these postals the day
before her disappearance. -
Sheriff Langford returned this evening
from Santa Cruz. Milt»n Page, a brother
of the missing girl, will remain there to
continue the search along the beach.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15.-There Is no doubt
now that Hertha Page, the pretty so
ciety girl who so mysteriously dU-ppear
ed frt her home here Sunday evening,
has committed suicide. The finding of
her body is believed to be but a ques
tion of hours or days. Her hat. jacket
and gloves, found on the rocks on the
cliff drive at Santa Cruz, have dispelled
all hope of her being alive and her fam
ily is convinced she is dead.
Insanity caused by sickness and ner
vous prostration lured her rrom the com
forts of an elegant home. Friends of
the gill are now sure that she had been
suffering for weeks. Everything now
points to a deliberate attempt at suicide.
When Miss Page rode from home she
evidently intended going to Santa Cruz
to end her life. She took what money
she had with her. The announcement that
she Intended to call on friends, is be
lieved to have been for the purpose of
not arousing her family's suspicious.
Friends of Miss Page Believe That
She Committed Suicide.
SORROW IN SAN JOSE.
• The brother, on his return from Capi
tola. Identified the clothing. The entire
afternoon has been spent by young Page,
Sheriff Langford, Sheriff Trafton and
William Barnes of San Jose in patrolling
the coast and keeping a lookout.
Up to a late hour this evening the body
of Miss Page had not been found. Al
though there Is a slight hope that she
wandered away after leaving her wear-
Ing apparel on the rocks, all Indications
point to self-destruction. It is known
that she had expressed a wish for death.
The body may come ashore any hour or
may take days. A watch will be kept all
night
near the museum. She was holding the
rail and swincine.
This morning shortly after 6 o'clock the
daughters of Mrs. Moore walked along
the edjre of the bluff above and there
were no clothes there, so It must have
been after this hour that she again vis
ited the spot where she spent the several
hours yesterday.
STEAMER LOST
IN FLORIDA GALE
The meeting of the commission to-day
ended shortly after 4 o'clock. Attorney
General Finlay to-morrow will resume the
presentation of the Canadian case.
Lord Alverstone's ruling: was regarded
by American counsel as being a point in
favor of the United States.
The Attorney General went on at such
length that Lord Alverstone reminded him
that the tribunal was familiar with the
documents In the case, and suggested that
he simply cite the pages and volumes in
which his references were found.*
Attorney General Finlay remarked that
this was a "subtle'dlstlnction," and Chief
Justice Alverstone ended the discussion
with saying that it made little difference,
as It was "merely the direction of the
surveyors. ,
While Attorney General Finlay was
speaking Chief Justice Fuller, accompa
nied by Embassador Choate, entered the
chamber. They were conducted to a table
directly facing the Commissioners. The
Attorney General briefly described the
historical aspect of the question and took
up the treaty under which the commis
sion was appointed. He then presented
the Canadian contention, each point of
which has already been stated In the
argument of Clifford Sifton, the Canadian
Minister of the Interior, and urged the
Commissioners to confine themselves
strictly In considering the questions to
the terms of the controversy between
Great Britain and Russia of 1S23, and not
to depart therefrom.
The interest of the Commissioners grew
as Attorney General Finlay proceeded
with his analytic study of the question.
Speaking of the location of the. line along
the coast from the head of Portland
channel, a3 fixed by the treaty, the At
torney General pointed out that the re
port of the United States coast survey In
1S93 showed that the Washington Govern
ment had adopted the view that the line
should follow the "general trend of the
coast." which supports the Canadian con
tention.
Senator Turner at this point interrupted
the speaker, saying that the report re
ferred to the "trend of the general coast."
LONDON, §ept. 15'.— "When the Alas
kan Boundary Commission ad
journed this afternoon the Cana
dians were gratified at securing
¦what they believed to be the first
good point. During the afternoon session
the Attorney General sought to establish
the position of Portland channel and fix
the entrance thereto. He Interpreted the
words "a la hauteur des" In the Russo-
Brltlsh correspondence leading to the sig
nature of the treaty of 1S25 not as show
ing that the boundary lies "on the same
parallel" and the lower end of the Prince
of Wales lsland < as claimed by the United
States, but "off of." as asserted by Can
ada. The effect of this would be to fix
the line at 54 degrees 45 minutes, as
claimed by Canada. Chief Justice Alver
stone agreed wiht Attorney General Fin
lay.
When American counsel have the oppor
tunity to speak they say they will show
that the Canadians themselves have given
various Interpretations of the phrase, and
they are Inclined to minimize' the Im
portance of Lord Alverstone's statement.
The commission reassembled at the For
eign Office to-day and the oral arguments
began. Additional interest was lent to th-3
proceedings by the statements attributed
to some of the Canadians that their coun
try would seriously resent an adverse de
cision. " Nevertheless only a few specta
tors, Including the wives of the. Commis
sioners and of counsel, were present when
Attorney General Finlay rose and com
menced the presentation of the Canadian
argument.
rKE PAN FRAKTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
2
APPAREL NOTES
Men's Business Dress
CL It seems after all that the single-breasted sack suit
is the favorite style for general business wear among
men who are noted for good taste in dress.
<L Next in favor is the three-buttoned double-
breasted sack, with narrow, curved collar and long,
well-shaped lapels, with the buttons so spaced as to
give a very broad-chest effect to the wearer.
C Either a soft hat pr a Derby, .in black or the
popular shades, is the proper hat to wear with a sack
suit. The shirt may be a soft or stiff bosom, in
fancy colored pattern.
tt The proper scarf is either a two-inch four-in-hand
or an English square. A white or fancy waistcoat is
always in good taste with black or dark coat and
trousers. .
Single-breasted four-buttoned Sack Suits in black
soft-finish Thibet Cloths, roughish Chev-
iots in fancy patterns and hard finished
Worsteds— "Roos-made" at $E5.00
Double-breasted three-buttoned Sack Suits in
Worsteds, Black Vicuna and Thibet, and in
unfinished Worsteds, also fancy effects in dark
gray and brown shades — "Roos-made".. at $20.00
Nutria, Pearl and Black Soft Hats; also Black
and Brown Derbies in all dimensions of
brim and crown, the celebrated "Stetson-
made " at $4.00
Fancy patterned ready-to-wear Shirts in new
Fall colorings and tasteful designs at $1.50
Xatty Four-in-Hand Ties in new and handsome
patterns for Fall wear a j. qq c
Fancy and Washable Waistcoats in the new
single-breasted, no collar style, of mercerized
cotton, and worsted-and-silk at $3.50 i
<L "Roos-made" means that the garments so designated were
made to our order by the best tailors in New York _:: ! Chicago
from fabrics specially selected for our house. &
? ,°"V? f " tO^ ° rderS P roiil P«y fiHcd. Send at once for new Style
Book, "About Cloths, to Dept. B.
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goadnsss 11
1 jag) Ca OOP cJUPGtHS
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from *U point* ot
view; i»osBes«lnsr absolute pur-
ity, proper »ar» and Honest
Plavor. Adapted to all tartes
according 1 to Brew and Brand.
EIFOST WIDER PBI7ATE STOCK HUDICIEJER
Aak Tor "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YJL BLAIZ BREWING &, H&WAIKEE
Braunschwsiger & Co., jjji
5 and 7 DRUMM ST.. San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1C46. Wholesal* Dealers.
$10,000.00
TO BE GIVEN AWAY
Just out I Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user.
1 whether graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
! record absolutely free. This offer
| good for 30 days only, to introduce
; the new product.
1 ¦
Columbia Phonograph Go.
125 Geary Street, San Francises.
468 13th Street, Oakland.
®Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Man.
MORMON BISHOP" S PILI.3
have been Jn use OTer fifty
year* by th« leaders of tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. I'oattlvely euro th»
-worst cases In old and yours
arising from effects of telf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette •nrcklns. Cure Lost
Manhood. linpot-ncy. Lost
Power, Night Losses Insom-
nia, falua In Back. Evil Desires. Ume UacJc.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loas of Semen, g— g^ VarJcocelo or Con-
atipatloa Step Ner *J fJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Kffects ar« JTT Z 1^ Immediate. Imparx
vigor and potency CE "' 3 to every function.
l>on't eet despondent, a cure is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped Orleans. Bt!muUt»
the brain and nerve centers; &Oc • box; « for
$2 5O by mail. X written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with 6 Doses. Circulars fr^e.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis »t..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. Ji
and 40 Third «t.
\A/. T. HESS.
Votary Public and Attornsy-at-Idiir.
Tenth Floor, Rcom 1015. Ciaus Spreckels bMg.
Telephone Main 9S."..
Residence. S21 California ¦«.. beUrw PowstL
Residence Telyphnn* Jam«»» 1.101.
OCEAN TBAVZL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketehlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. llalnes, Skag-way.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m., Sept.
13, 23. 28. Oct. 3. Chang*
to comcany'a steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
cozna. Everett. 'Whatcoin — 11 a. m.. S»eot. IS.
23. 28, Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to thin com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at
Seattle for Tacom* to N. P. Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to a P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :3O
p. m.. Sept. 19. 25. Oct. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 16. 22. 28. Oct. 4.
For Loa Angeles (via Port tios Anseles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ro.oa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
Stats of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hu«n«n».
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 30. Oct. a.
Bonita. 9 a. n.. Sept. IS, 26, Oct. 4.
For Kneenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mei.), 10 a. ex.. 7th of sack
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnjr Ante*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANS. Genera! Pnsaentter Airent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" rails Sept. 10, 20. SO. Oct. 10 2O
80. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. 15. is,
Oct. S. 15. 23. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portlan.1
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
BST RATES. Steamer tickets tneludo berth
and meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear at. ax
11 aw m. 9. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept
1 Montgomery «t. : C CLIFFORD. O«a. Agt.
Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHTP CO>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo>
Nagasaki and Shanchal. and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Na
cargo received on board on day of sailing
8. H. HONGKONG MARU (calllEj- at Ma-'
nlla) Saturday. September 19 1903
8. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 13 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU I.
Tuesday. November 10 VKn
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 42t Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Ceneral Ag«nt.
OccanlcS.s.co.ga?"'"
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 17, 2 p a.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. CO. 11 a! m.
S S AI.AMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept C8. 11 a.ja.
il.lPKCmS4 BSn.OL. J.4L.Ik!rtB!BcM43 S»Msi
fn&ti12ca.32l BarbtJL.PJsrla. 7.Pan2s Si
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID 9. S. LUXOR 6500 TONS
Carrying First and Second Claaa Passengers.
Sails Sept. 24. I'JUiS, fcr London and Hamoui"
via Mexican. Central and South American ports.'
. Lowest Fares. Unequaled Service
J D 6PRECKELS « BROS. CO.. Agents.
«43 Market st. San Francisco.
C0X7A8RXS CEXSRAL3 TBaKSATLAimqUl
DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^-^
SalllrK every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. : -5 3 Mre"
Norxh River, foot of Morton at
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. «Ue-
end-class to Havre. $45 and upward GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlag).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Caast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Franrlscu.
Tickets told by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
***r* >»Iaaa and. Vallajo Jtaaraer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or JiONTlCKLLO—
8:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8::tO p. m.. except Sunday,
rtunuay. p-4S m. m.. WO r m. Leave Val'.ejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex Sunday. Suo-
« .* if^o"-^ 113 *• "*• Far *- w cents. TsL
BROS *" MlMtoast - ix *-. HATCi
1 quire them, vvliy WM^k^^M^^' 1^
1 flannelette 'i^jl^^^^Pw
I night shirts sW^W^^mB!
I They are made of .'¦(,$ 'jil ' \0jf//^^^M
I washable flannelette, are 'i^ P? ! V^(^^^^^
| cut full width and length. 5^Mj^ 19^®^
i Other features are dou- j f^j l^ti^'^^^g
I; ble-sewed seams, pearl j £| i£ ; 'i^Jj J0
B buttons; white or cream | 1 :-jj| • it:)| {'jlir^si
1 grounds with stripes of a [1 w I fVifiJ .-sjj $$$ MlK*»
I dozen different kinds; M^p|l|^|^^jpj\M
I durable, warm and com- pW'W\4utiH X^^iwA wh
I fortable. |p:S)S;j}'^^WA^
H Geary street windows. iM**ifl •? -' : ' : ''v^ ' .t?«f^^ ! iflm5
I Out-of-town orders filled— jl$aK l *&' <K r 0VSw'H " e 'i If^k
I 740 Market Street \^of the national Irrigation law was one of the
greatest steps not only in the forward progress
of the States, but to that of all mankind. It
"as the beginning of an achievement eo great
that we hesitate to predict the outcome, but
!t w«h only the beginning. Now that the law
Roosevelt Defines
National Policy
As to Arid West
NUMBERS AND INTEREST IN CONGRESS
MARK ERA IN IRRIGATION MOVEMENT
If you want to sen an agricultural country
and ranges of mountains covered with forests
take ; the trip to Wll lit s next Sunday, and all
these will pass in review. Trains will not stop
in tranalt- ! . . . • .
A Delightful Trip.
Letters and telegrams of regret were
then read from Senator Chauncey M. De
pew, Senator T. M. Patterson of Colo
rado, F. F. Shaughnessy, president of the
Canadian Pacific Railroad; D. B. Francis
president of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, and President D. H. Moffat of
the Denver,- Northwestern and Pacific
Railroad. ~C. B. Boothe of Loa Angeles
and E. M. Brannlck of . Portland. Or.,
were on the programme for addresses'
but neither was present, and after brief
musical exercises the congress adjourned
until 9:30 to-morrow morning.
To-night the most elaborate social fea
ture of the programme of entertainment
for the representatives was given in the
Kiesel building, consisting of a reception
and ball given by President Clark and
the citizens of Ogden.
Senator Burton Introduced tho-following
resolution, which was received with con
siderable enthusiasm:
Resolved, That it la the sense of this con
gress that the storage of water in the extensive
catchment of the streams for the prevention of
floods, as well as for power and irrigation, is
both possible and practicable, and that the
Govermcnt can accomplish as much, or more,
toward the preservation of life and property in
the lower reaches of the stream by directing Ita
efforts In this way toward the prevention of
floods than it can by its present method In try
ing to control them by the levee system, and
the waters thus conserved would be of inesti
mable value, a blessing to the people In the
arid and aeml-arid district. We believe that
irrigation and flood prevention are twin ideas
to be developed together.
BURTON'S RESOLUTION.
PHILADELPHIA, S«pt. 15.— H. Chester
Van Sant, eastern manager of tho United
States Steel Corporation, died to-day of
appendicitis, at the age of 43 years.
first formal address of the congress. His
subject was "Irrigation and the Conser
vation of Water for the Prevention of
Floods." Senator Burton made a strong
plea for the control of the floodwater at
the head of the, Mississippi and other
tributary rivers, this work to bo done in
conjunction with the Jetty and levee sy
stems of the lower Mississippi.
Succumbs to Appendicitis.
HONOLULU, Sept. 6.— United States
District Attorney Breckons is making an
investigation Into the local Japanese gang
of procurers and has discovered startling
facts In connection with the importation
of women from Japan for Immoral pur
poses. The Japanese have the business
on an organized protective basis. Several
of them have been arrested and are held
to await the Federal Grand Jury.
In a raid last night Vnited States Mar
shal Hendry and others were attacked
by a crowd of Japanese and some of them
threw a brick, which narrowly missed the
Marshal's head. The officers were after
one Wada, alleged to be a member of the
association, and succeeded in arresting
him. It Is said that the evidence in court
will Include contracts for the sale and
purchase of -women, use of husband's
names to pass the immigration officials
and the book records of the protective
association of Japanese.
United States District Attorney Dis
covers Organized Illegal Im
portation of Women.
OFFICERS IN A RAID
ATTACKED BY JAPANESE
Season's First Blizzard Victim.
MINOT. N. D.. Sept. 15.— The frozen
body of a man named Karkey was found
to-day near his home.
During the last fiscal year, one in every
401 railway employes was killed and one
In every twenty-four injured.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— In the best-in
formed circles it is accepted as settled
that at the atinual meeting of the stock
holders of the New York. New Haven and
Hartford road in October President
Charles H. Mellen of the Northern Pacific
will be elected to succeed President Hall,
whose resignation is expected thia week.
There Is much surmise as to the ..suc
cessor of Mellen on the Northern Pacific,
should he change his official relations. In
the natural line of promotion is the vice
president and general manager, J. M.
Hannnford, who has been with the North
ern Pacific road for about thirty years.
Daniel S. Lamont, who is first vice presi
dent of the cempany, is likely to remain
in that Dosition.
The Migeestion is made that F. D. Un
derwood, r-iesldcnt of the Erie Railroad,
will be offered the Northern Pacific presi
dency, but in well-informed circles it is
thought that Charles W. Bunn, general
counsel of the Northern Pacific, will be
the successor of Mellen.
Will Become President of the New-
York, New Haven and
Hartford Road.
MEIXEN WILL RETIRE
' FROM NORTHERN PACIFIC
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.-James Kerr
Kelly, formerly United States Senator
from Oregon, died at his residence here
to-day, aged 84 years. He was a native
of Pennsylvania.
Judge Kelly was a forty-niner, having
gone to California on the discovery of
gold in that State. In the spring of 1S51
Kelly removed to Oregon, where he was
a member of the Legislature and served
in other Important offices. In 1S60 he was
elected to the United States Senate, where
he served one term, and on his retire
ment was appointed Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of Oregon, which position
he held until 1882. when he resumed the
practice of law in Portland. He served
as lieutenant colonel in the campaign
against the Yaklma Indians who began
hostilities in the fall of 1S55. Since 1SS8
he has resided in Washington. A widow,
son and daughter survive him.
California Pioneer and Oregon Legis
lator and Jurist Passes Away
at Advanced Age.
FORMER SENATOR KELLY
DIES IN WASHINGTON
Patents issued to-day: California — Jcthua
Adler, San Francisco, fire kindler; Allen H.
Baboock. Oakland, assignor to Stanley Elec
tric Manufacturing Company. Plttsfleld, Mass.,
electric switch; Frank O. Baum. Palo Alto,
assignor to Stanley Electric Manufacturing
Company, Pittsfleid, Mass., compensator; tame,
compensating system; Elbert R. Charles, Pet
aluma, air vent controller fcr barrels; Martiez
Chick, San Diego, assignor one-half to H.
McMurchy. Fulton, N. Y.. tool for decapplng
and recapping cartridge shells; John Potter and
E. C. Swank, Riverside, water meter: John O.
Hoilins, assignor one-half to J. B. Ferguson.
Tuolumne, abrading tool; Ilsnry W. Stocking,
Avalon, tackle block: Zedeny Storch, Alaineda.
pump: Morris C. White, lx>s Angeles, sand
pump on boiler; Daniel C Wilgus. San Fran
cisco, hydro-carbon burner xnd furnace: Leon
ard E. Wood. San Francisco and C. R. Cooper,
Berkeley, seal.
Oregon — August Burtenback, London, food
container; same, earth augur.
Washington — John H. Redfleld, Spokane, ex
plosive engine; same, assignor ore-half to C.
E. and F. Grutt. Spokane, explosive engine.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Postofflce es
tablished: Oregon— Mineral. Lane County,
Ulysses G. Leroy, postmaster.
Postofflce discontinued September 30:
Washington— Sharon, Lewis County, mail
to Forrest.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Elmer A. Kile, Paicines.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed:
Washington— John A. Ahl, Edison. Kit
sap County, vice Julia E. Nance, re
signed.
the Postofficss and Postal
Service.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Minor Changes Made Among
There is nothing In the constitution of thi«
State which upholds the proceedings of the
military since they have come into the dis
trict Under the constitution the military of
this State is given a very limited scope. Even
now General Bell is amenableto the civil law
for his actions.
Th<* Pennsylvania decision, which evidently
guides General Chase tn makinc arrests of
union men, may he good law in Pennsylvania,
but when it conflicts with the constitution of
this State, as it certainly does, it can have no
effect here.
County Commissioner Patrick J. Lynch
and Justice of the Peace W. P. Reilly,
who were arrested by the military last
night and subsequently released, an
nounced their determination to bring civil
suits for $100,000 damages for false im
prisonment against Governor Peabody,
Cenerals Bell and Chase and others con
nected with their arrest, ¦whom they will
charge with conspiracy. Lynch and Rell
ly were charged with having criticised
acts of the militia and counsele\mlners
not to return. Former Attorney General
Eugene Engley, counsel for four union
leaders who are held prisoners in the mil
itary guard house, and Attorney General
J. H. Murphy of the Western Federation
of Miners consulted together to-day with
reference to protection -of the union men
from alleged aggressions of the military.
After the conference Murphy said;
A meeting of county officials was held
to-day for the. purpose of trying to de
vise means for ascertaining just how far
the military authorities can go in the ar
rest of citizens without warrant -of -law.
There were present Sheriff Robertson,
Deputy District Attorney Cole, Chairman
of the Board of County Commissioners
Lynch, County Commissioner Pfeiffer and
ex-County Attorney Hangs. At the con
clusion of the meeting It was announced
that no action so far had been decided
upon.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. 15.— A
Consignment of 1000 Krag-Jorgenson rifles
from the United States Government ar
rived in camp to-day and they were im
mediately distributed among the troops
on duty here. Besides the new rifles 60,
000 rounds of ammunition were als.o re
ceived. This is the first new equipment
to be sent to Colorado under the Dick
bill, '
HAVANA, Seat. 15.— The captain of the
steamer Vicllancia, which has arrived
here, reports that many wrecks were
sighted on the Florida coast, one of them
being ten miles north of Jupiter, where
a schooner was wrecked. Her crew Is
ashore. Farther south a Standard Oil
barge was stranded and thlrtv miles
south a Spanish steamer from Balbao was
broken In two. Still farther south a
schooner was stranded.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., Sept. 15.—
Further news of the storm continues to
arrive, though a large part of the storm
swept area has not yet been heard from.
Wires are still down and it is impossible
to pet trains through on account of wash
outs.
/Three negroes were killed by falling
timbers at'the camp of the Cummer Lum
ber Company near Gainesville. Another
was probably fatally hurt. Several
houses were wrecked.
At Mulberry the phosphate mines are
said to be sreatly damaged. They have
been compelled to shut down on account
of the high water. From all parts of the
State great damage to the turpentine In
dustry is reported.
Wire connection was made to-night with
Arcadia, in Desoto County, about forty
miles south of Tampa. A special from
there says the damage to orange groves
is very great. Orange men estimate the
loss to the crop from 25 to 40 ptr cent.
Many houses were blown down, but only
one man was killed. \_
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.— Mrs. Rosie Lamen
strof. the California woman who .trav
eled half way across the continent In the
endeavor to regain the children who were
lost to her, to-day lost again her eldest
son, Charley, whom she had kidnaped
from school yesterday. The entire neigh
borhood knew the boy had been kidnaped
by his mother and was working In the
endeavor to find him.
Not satisfied with getting back but one
of the children, when there were two that
in her California home she had rocked In
her arms, the mother returned to the
neighborhood for the other child. She
went to the Anderson school at Lincoln
and Division streets to-day, just around
the corner from the present home of her
former husband, Joseph Lamenstrof, and
waited for the school children to pass.
With her was her son Charley, whom the
day before she had led away with prom
ises of candy and new clothes.
Tho boys and girls of the neighborhood,
seeing Charley Lamenstrof with the
woman they had seen walk away with
him the previous day carried the news
to Mrs. Lamenstrof No. 2, who hastened
to the corner near the school and catch
ing Master Charley by the hand dragged
him away amid the cheers of the school
and before the mother realized what had
happened.
Now the two children are safely lodged
in their home and will not be allowed to
venture on the street until after tho
mother has returned to California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Lamenstrof Fails in an
Attempt to Regain Her
Children. :
Imprisoned Miners Will Bring
Civil Suits Against State
Officials.
Steamer^ Captain Reports
Many " Wrecks Sighted
on Florida Coast.
Wife No. 2 Seizes Boy
and Hurries Him
", Home.
Damage in Storm-Swept
Area Is Not Fully
Krag-Jorgensens Given
Soldiers at Cripple
Creek.
MOTHER LOSES
KIDNAPED SON
TRAINS BLOCKED
AND WIRES DOWN
NEW EQUIPMENT
FOR GUARDSMEN
tion is already under way. Up to this
afternoon El Paso, Texas, apparently had
almost a walkover, but late in the day
the Idaho delegation, one of the largest
of the congress, unanimously resolved to
support and fight for Boise for the honor.
Rrno, Nevada, is also making a brisk
flg-ht, while Portland has many friends.
No opposition to the present officers of
the congress has developed, and the sen
timent seems to be unanimous for the re
election of President W. A. Clark and tLe
other officers.
President Clark this afternoon caused
considerable joy by declaring his inten
tion of limiting the speeches to ten min
utes, if possible.
Among the speakers will be United
States Senators and Governors of a half
dozen States of the West. Government
experts in forestry and irrigation and rep
resentatives of many Western commercial
organizations and colonization move
ments.
Delegates continue to pour into the city,
every train arriving this morning bring
in? in hundreds Interested in the work of
the congress.
DELEGATES ARE WELCOMED.
Although the first meeting was sched
uled for 9:30 a. m., it was considerably be
yond that time when President W. A.
Clark ascended the platform of the Tab
ernacle, In which the meetings are to be
held, and rapped for order. After Invo
cation Governor Wells of Utah warmly
welcomed the delegates In behalf of the
pioneer irrigation State. A welcome to
Ogden was then extended by Mayor Wil
liam Glasmann.
President Clark then responded In be
half of the National Irrigation Congress.
He said In part:
No act of the Xational Congress since that
providing for the construction of the great
Pacific railroads has meant so much for the
great West as the one providing for the rt-cla
mstlon cf the public lands."' It opens up a
new era of nrosperlty in sixteen States and
Ti-rrltorie?. It provides the means for over
coming the aridity, the great obstacle that re
tarded the settlement of more than on«-thlrd
of the area of the republic. It is estimated
that ihere remains in the arid and «emi-arld
zon<; about MXMiCO.OOO acres of vacant public
land and that there is sufficient water avail
able under the storage system to irrigate about
one-nixth of It. The area already occupied
and irrigated Is 6,500,000 acres. If in the next
thirty years the Government should provide
reservoirs sufficient to reclaim 20,000,000
acres at an expenditure of $10,000,000 annu
ally, which is a very conservative estimate, 'as
that amount will be easily realized from the
!-al« of land, the laYid reclaimed will provide
homes for at least 12,000,000 to 15,000,000 of
people, which with the Immense property value
mcensarily created will constitute a magnifi
cent contribution to the wealth and glory of
tho nation.
Letters were read from President
Roosevelt and Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock.
WILSON IS INTRODUCED.
Committees on credentials, permanent
organization and resolutions were pro
vided for, to consist of one member from
rach State and Territory represented, and
adjournment until 1:30 p. m. was taken.
Just previous to adjournment Secretary
of Agriculture Wilson was introduced,
amid much cheering.
It was 2:35 p. m. before the delegates
convened for the afternoon session. The
roll of Btates was called and the various
committeemen named. The rollcall de
veloped the fact that twenty-six States
and Territories were represented at the
congress, the largest number ever tak
ing part In the movement. The following
message from President Roosevelt, re
ceived this afternoon, was then read:
OTSTER BAY. N. Y.. Sept. 15.— The passage
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
United States Senator Burton of Kan
sas was then introduced and delivered the
The Irrigation development of the arid West
cannot stand alone. Forestry is the companion
and the support of irrigation. Without forestry
irrigation must fall. Permanent irrigation de
velopment and forest destruction cannot exist
together. Never forget that the forest reserve
policy of the national Government means the
use of all the resources of the forest reserves
There is little profit In destruction compared
with use. The settlement of the great arid
West by the makers of homes is the central
object both of the irrigation and the forest pol
icy of the United States. In forestry, as in ir
rigation, the immediate private Interests of
some individual must occasionally yield to their
permanent advantage, which Is the public good.
The benefits of forestry are not only for the fu
ture, but for the present. The forest reserve*
are for all the people, hut first for the people
In the immediate neighborhood for whom sup
plier of wood and water are among the first
necessities of life. With the wiser and j more
skillful management of the reserves by trained
men the greater obviously will their usefulnes*
be to the public. We must never allow our
chagrin at temporary defeat and difficulties in
the management of the forest reserves to blind
ys to the absolute necessity of these reserves to
the people of the West. Support of the forest
reserve policy has grown with wonderful rapid
ity In the West during the last few years It
will continue to grow until the last vestige of
opposition, now almost gone, has wholly disap
peared before their understanding of the object
and the effect of the forest reservation. The
greater the support of the forest reserve by
the people of the West the greater the assur
ance that the national irrigation policy will not
fall, for the preservation of the forests is vital
to the success of this policy.
FOREST RESERVE POLICY.
Vast though the benefits of the reclamation
law, there will be many disappointments, which
necessarily await both the advocate of special
projects and the men whose desire for accom
plished results outruns the slow and steady de
velopment of theEe great undertakings. It
should be borne In mind that a broad survey of
all possible projects gives the conception of
their relative value and that a work of prime
Importance to one group of men may seem less
desirable in the light of wider knowledge. Nor
is it wise in large affairs to begin construction
first and elaborate details afterward. Each Im
portant point must be carefully studied In ad
vance and the whole plan teeted and approved
before work can begin. Yet If we proceed both
cautiously and persistently under this benefi
cent law we may confidently expect the largest
possible development of our arid lands and their
settlement by Industrious, prosperous, self-re
specting men and women, who will exchange
the products of irrigated agriculture for the
products of mills and factories throughout the
United Btates. Communities flourishing in
what is now the desert wljl finally take their
places among the strongest pillars of our com
monwealth.
Great care and the highest engineering skill
are required to plan and build such works,
which are among the most difficult undertak
ings of mankind. They must be built for per
manence and safety, for they are to last and
spread prosperity, for centuries. To design
and build such work* a body of engineers of
th« highest character have been brought to
gether In the reclamation service, for only
mtn Impartially selected for capacity alone are
capable of creating these gTeat structures.
Merit must govern, not only In the selection of
men. but still more in the selection of the pro
jects. Every reclamation project selected for
construction must possess the qualities which
commend It as a national undertaking, certain
to reclaim large tracts of arid land and to
support In well being a dense and vigorous
population.
TO LAST FOR CENTURIES.
is an accomplished fact it must be given effect.
To that end the reclamation service org^nlz^d
under the national Irrigation law of June 17,
1X92, has been pushing Its surveys and exam
ination of possible Irrigation projects ener
getically in each of the thirteen States and
three Territories named In the act. Some of the
projects which promised bo well at first are
found on careful study to be Impracticable;
eith»r because of scanty water supply or of
great cost, others must await higher values
In land, while still others stand the test and
are ready for Immediate construction. The
feapible projects are always large and costly,
because private enterprise has already seized
upon the smaller and less expensive ones, leav
ing to the Government great workB which are
to be an essential rart In bringing the na
tion to Its full development.
PRESIDENT OF IRRIGATION CONGRESS. MAYOR WHO WELCOMED
THE DELEGATES, AND MEMBER OF CABINET WHO IS TAKING
A PROMINENT PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS AT OGDEN.
A briEk fight for the honor of entertain
injf th«» delegates to next year's con\'en-
An International aspect was lent to the
proceedings by the presence of two rep
resentatives of foreign governments-
Mexico and France — while the Govern
ment at V.'ashington was represented by
Secretary of Agriculture "V\'ilson.
At both the morning and afternoon ses
sions the building was packed with inter
acted delegates and the keynote of the
present congress as expressed both by
Governor Wells of Utah la his speech of
welcome and President W. A. Clark in
his response, that "the time has come to
do things," was heartily cheered.
BURTON EVOKES ENTHUSIASM.
Important results beneficial to the cause
of Irrigation are confidently anticipated
Tn- both delegates and officials from the
present congress and lhe> first resolution,
introduced by Senator Burton of Kansas,
favoring the conserving of the flood wa
ters cf the great rivers as a part of the
scheme of irrigation of the West, was re
reived with so much favor that there
teems to be no doubt that such action
will be overwhelmingly favored.
Other resolutions, outlining a distinct
plan of forest preservation, are expected
to be adopted beiore the sessions of the
congress close.
To-morrow the subject of "Coloniza
tion" will be taken up and discussed by
men prominent in railway and sociolog
ical work.
OGDLIN. Utah. Sept. 15.— Twenty-
Fix States and Territories of the
Union are represented at the
Eleventh National Irrigation
Cor.press-. which began a four
days' session In the Ogden Tabernacle to
<-a>, this being the largest number ever
represented since the beginning of the
movement for the reclamation of the
arid Weet. As showing how the move
ment has taken en a national In-
M^rt.f] of a sectional «cope, delejiates were
present even from Now York, Pennsylva
: la, Virginia and Vermont, while from
ihe States of the Western plains and
mountains reprt-sentatives of State and
municipal governments and commercial
organizations of all kinds came by hun
dreds. The convention, in fact, has run
away with the officers of the congress.
for so great are the numbers of delegates
sil^eady on the ground, with more com
ing In on every train, that the seating ca
pacity of the Tabernacle is totally inad
cQuate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1903.
3
APV FTtTTRnivi KiffTS.
tea feiVmr powder «ptce»
coffee Amwotlog eafaets «od»
including the moneyback deal,
in^r in them by grocers.
** - - ' °
Civilization of Trade' is a
proper phrase for Schilling 'a
Best
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mall.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish tn
promptly curing kidney, bladder and urio
acid troubles, rheumatism and pain In th«
back. It corrects inability to hold water
and scalding; pain In passing It. or bad
effects followinc use of liquor, wine or
b«er, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during: the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect or Swamp-Root Is sooa
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of tn© most dlstreasins
cases:
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything:, but If you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric acid trouble you will find
it Just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should hav«
th© best. Sold by druggists in fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. You may have a
sample bottle ot this great kidney rem-
edy. Swamp-Root, and a. book that tells
all about it and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co.. Binghamton. N. T. When
writing-, be sure to- mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco
Dally Call. Don't make any rnistak*?. but
remember the name. Swamp- Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
¦¦. ... .a
BEERS
The HI cheat Priced but
the Best Quality. 4
r «o'ld everywhere.
HILBERT MERCANTILE: CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
1792 1903
STATEMENT
- ¦ OF *~ TTTH
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Insurance Company
OF NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day uf Decem-
ber. A. D. 1902. and for the yrar endin: on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commi»-
eioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and Ml of th«
Political Code, condensed as per bUak fur-
nished by the Consrnibsloner.
Capital ' $3.0CO.C0O 00
Amount of Capital Stock raid ap
in Cash 3.00O.COO C«
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company-.. $725,500 0O
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.130.097 29
Cash Market Value of all jjtocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 8,791,730 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral S21.H0O P«
Cash In Company's Office 10.307 «»
Cash la Banks 1,147.105 29
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 7,827 39
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 086.582 4t
Bills receivable. not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Rlaks 33.W3 10
Book accounts due company 4.263 SI
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid 590 37
Total Assets $ia'UM.i« so
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid SMS.669 27
Leases In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 568.812 79
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses 49.713 08
Gross oremlums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. 53.-
277 077 35; reinsurance 50 per
cent 1.G3S.9S3 6S
Gross oremlums on Fire I»ls!c»
running more than one year.
$3,088,400 20; reinsurance pro
ra'ta '. 2.C9S.433 2S
Gross premiums on Marine Tim*
Risk?, f : reinsurance 50
per cent W2.113 00
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insur-
ance policies 789.411 1»
Cash dividends remaining unpaid . 60 CO
Due tnd accrued for salaries,
rent, etc 4«.3*« M
All other liabilities 60.403 53
Total Liabilities $5.7i3.9&4 M
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $J. 894.334 43
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1.83S.619 It
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 70.949 43
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and "from all other sources 237. «M9 «t
Received for Rents 42.«44 44
Received from all other sources.. 311.321 21
Total Income ............... 91. 413.718 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $2,828,417 59
Net amount paid for Marino
Losses I.MT.85S 41
Dividends to Stockholders C30.3J0 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.S12.634 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 394.212 24
Paid for State. Xational and
Local taxes 159,379 00
All other payments and expendi-
tures * 373,643 54
Total Expenditures $6. 448. 084 S3
Fire. Marine.
U tSng tn n e C yeff|2,707,317 I1.159.S33 41
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year * $594,879,472 $8,283.0*1 3T
Net amount of Risks
yea^.* 1 .'!?*.!* 8 5S9.711.343 0.S59.7O O
*%£2S£?& IS?. «17.4«7.»6 7.278.476 M
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
re r ar n ... dUrinS ..* he $C 92 .60 ! ).7C 5 $ 2 .lS5. 3 e 3 a
Net amount of Risks
yeSr'f-.^f..^ S91.35e.US 2.133.497 4«
Net amount In force
Pecembtr 31. 1902. g.SCS.gU 362.119 M
"" CHARLES PLATT. Pres't-
GREV1LLE E.FRTER. Sec'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before m«. this 16th
day of January. 1803.
RICH' P. H. RE1LLT. Notary Public
Losses Paid Since OrgaifiuUon, $111,857,074-37
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
412 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. H. MURDOCH &. SON. City Agents,
nnTTflltJO F0R BARBERS. BA-
JJIIUUIIUU houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*. candy-mak»rs. cinncra.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paprr-
han^rs. printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BSOS.,
Brash Manuf actarers, 609 Sacramento St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER3. THK
Great Mexican Remedy; gives healtfe an4
Mtxemnh to sexual ors&os. _De?ot._823 Markal
BREWSTEITS
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
BUY IT TO-DAY
lli you a suit w
||p to your order g
a///r^s' 1° making of our suits we cut v\
t" e doth liberally. Seams can always \n^>
e let out considerable if required. \VV
kI((st^' There is no piecing or patching. The YvX
l))J)/y(7y' trousers are cut high in the waist — sS^
Z>WjiSuS( they are never short-waisted. Oy
1 ||" „¦ =| = There are several points of superior- " 'j~
rJilL^. ==± = ity in the making of our clothing. isis
_Jj]\_ "~1 These together with our low prices j
p|\r \\y make our clothes desirable. = fj =
=JL=a\J|~ up. Our repairing guarantee goes with . |
if — i xi ~ Come in, loolc over our new fall pat- go—
Jj; i w terns and order a suit. When the suit _Jj
ft- jj A is finished you don't have to keep it |i~
es \ \ Suits satisfactorily made to order - j —
for out-of-town customers through our ~7~
1^1^^ j \ % " se/f measuring system. Write for ~r~
?F 3l\a wJOOP j$ CO' X
itt Ta^1\ 740 Market Street _§_
Powell. and Eddy Sts. WBuy your watches at Lundy's. 4 Third
street and, 752 Market street.' •
The, Master Horseshoers' Association
and the" other defendants in the suit for
J100.000 damages brought by J. H. McCar
thy, the blacksmith on City Hall avenue,
who claimed that his business was ruined
through a' conspiracy formed by the de
fendants, 'must answer his complaint.
Judge Hunt 'yesterday overruled their de
murrer a"nd 'allowed.'".' them -'ten days in
which to prepare their* answer _ to " his
charges.
McCarthy Gains .a Point.
Cheers and applause alternated through
out the interpretation of Bellini's beauti
ful opera "La Sonnambula," given at the
Tivoli Opera-house last night by the Ital
ian Opera Company. Signorina: Adelina
Tromben in the role of Amlna triumphed.
The little lady sang Bellini truly arid act
ed the part admirably. In the. superb
duet, "Prendi l'Nel," with Elvino, Trom
ben showed not alone vocal capacity, but
also intense' dramatic emotion.
And the youthful Alfredo Tedeschi,
with the figure of the boy and the aJr of
the shy student— what a kindly surprise
he, too, had in store, for it is true his
voice gave to the melodies— solo and duet
and in , the concerted numbers— a pure,
fine clearness of tone that won for him
tremendous applause in each, of the three
acts.
Signor Augusto Dado looked the ma
jestic Count Rddolpho, and his voice was
as welcomed as ever.- Miss Marie Welch
was deservedly applauded for her splen
did work as -Lisa, and Miss Nettie De
glow's pretty voice was heard to advan
tage in the - numbers allotted Theresa.
Signor Quinto Zani had the small role of
Alexis and brought it into prominence.
The : chorus- deserves the highest com
mendation for Its excellent work.
Italian Opera Company Gives Splen
did Rendition of Bellini's
Work at Tivoli. .
"LA. SONNAMBULA" MEETS
WITH HEARTY RECEPTION
Those Selected to Name Republican
City Ticket
When the Republican Convention was
called to order every delegate was in his
seat. All delegates were distinguished
CONVENTION DELEGATES.
LONDON, t^pt. 1.".. — A sjiecial from Chii»
tinmii Norway, says that in a fire in t«orr»«»
prennwet- on KonKeJiigad to-day eleven
i*r»on ? arete burned to d^ath and great dam
nv waf dene. _^^_^^___^^_^^
John Joe Loses $4000 in Coin, Which
Disappears From Wagon Near
San Bruno Road.
John Joe, a member of the band of gyp
sies at present camping out near the San
Bruno road, reported to the Mission po
lice station last night that he had been
robbed of $4000, but could give the officers
no information that might lead to an ar
rest.
According to Joe's statement, he had
the money, which represented coin from
many countries, in several sacks and
stored away in a wagon. He went to get
it last night, and to his surprise found
that some one had made away with it.
He believes he . was followed by some
crook about town and that the latter sa.w
him deposit the sack and then awaited
his chance to steal it.
The police are of the opinion that Joe's
money was stolen by some one of the
other members of the band. Detectives
Coleman and Cody and Corporal Calla
han were detailed on the case, and they
immediately made a thorough search of
the camp, but so far haVe found no trace
of the missing coin.
Claims He Was Imposed Upon.
William Ryan, aged 63 years, is suing
his wife, Kate Ryan, to set aside a deed
to property on I street, near Twelfth
avenue, which he claims he made while
under the Impression that he was simply
making a declaration of homestead. In
his complaint, which was filed yesterday,
he claims that he was imposed upon by
a Mrs. Eugene Avey, who, he says, im*
portuned him to sign the document just
Vto , make Kate feel all right." He says
that he signed the deed in ; August, 1901.
and did not learn of the alleged deception
until a few dayg ago. He demanded that
the deed be destroyed, but his wife re
fused to do so.
Trains are running on the railway from
Mombassa. on the Indian ocean, to Lake
Victoria, Nyanza, a distance of 64S miles.
The road will make a saving in transpor
tation to Uganda and East Africa pro
tectorates of 1175,000 a year. .
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Sept. 13.-An ad
fiiUons! force of rural guards was sent
to-day to arrost the alleged outlaws who
hav« appeared at Scvilla. Several armed
countrymen have been arrested and pro
tect tluir innocence. It is said that the
former Mayor of San Luis, with twenty
mm. has joined the outlaws, the leader
• if whom, by name Sar.daso O<'3tillo. is
a disruarc'-d officer of the rural guard.
Thrte guaids were wounded in yester
day's skirmish with the outlaws. Major
Bt-tancourt was not seriously wounded,
Out his horse was killed.
The gcnetal impression regarding the
iillegod revolution is that it is a political
farce and little excitement prevails.
Said to Have Joined the
Band.
RURAL GUARDS SENT
TO ARREST OUTLAWS
Former Mavor cf Cuban City Is
The arc-used vehemently denied the
charges. They wore tried before Justice
Koptl. convicted of anarchistic conduct
and sontenc^d to six months in prison.
SAN JUAN. P. R-. Sept. ii.— Edouard
Condc and Leonidas Gillot. two Socialists,
who spoke i'i a recent meeting of the
American Federation of Labor, were put
on tria! to-«iay for insulting the American
flag and threatening the life of Governor
Hunt. Their speeches teemed with abuse
of the Government. One of the prisoners
was accused of advising the workmen
upon th* return of the Governor, on Oc
tober 1. from the United States, ti- parade,
<nrr>«ns ll^ok flags, and then to make
clfmands ujion the Government. If these
<i< mancis wore refused, the speaker ad<5
rd, the alternative of killing Governor
Hunt remained. The other orator was
Raid to have declared that the American
f!ag iv«* a rag fit to cover rascals and
criminals.
Socialists Who Abuse Government
and Threaten Life of Gov
ernor Are Convicted.
SIX MONTHS IN PRISON
FOR INSULT TO FLAG
LARGE SUM OF MONEY
IS STOLEN" FROM GYPSY
Thirty-sixth District— Charles H. J. Truman,
Charles A. Qulnn, John fonnlngsen, M.- V.
Taylor, Charles R. Burke, H. W. Fraser,
Charles De La Fontaine, H. J. Alexander,
John H.' W. Muller. Charles W. Baker, Frank
M. Stevens, William J. Wlnterbottom, -F. W.
Burnett, J. A. Plymire. Welter R. Van Loon,
Zachary T. Barber. James Hannon.
Thirty-seventh District— C. B. Perkin3, R.
V. Lucy, M. J. Waldhelmer. Anthony Galla
gher, Thomas E. Haven. H. T. Slme, H.
Blume. John R. McQufflck, I. Werthelmer.
Joseph DeFore«t. W. J. Young, F. Boeckman
Jr.. H. Newburgh. Fred C. Jones. E. L. Cook,
John E. Green, £. Bloom, Jamts Cairns, W.
S. Dennis, Georye W. Schell. James Stevens, J.
C. Cullen, Charles F. Craig. Lee V. McDonald,
Fred W. Franks.
Thirty-eigluh District— Isidore Golden, Dr.
Thurlow Miller. John J. OBrien. M. W. Mc-
Intosh, J. M. Ad kins. Dr. Joseph A. Welsh,
David B. Faktor. Max Goldberg. John A.
Gernns, Julius Samuel, Martin Tiedemann Jr.,
Frank J. Murphy, A. A. Frledlar.der, Wllllan:
Marks, Jesse Mayer. A. L. Weil, James
Geddes, A. Van der Nelllen Jr., J. T. Nourse,
P. A. Bergerot, Samuel II. Beckett. A. M.
Currie. M. W. Dinkelsplel, John J. Sullivan,
Myrtile Cerf.
Thirty-ninth District— R. II. Countryman,
Joseph Reb«tock. John R. Aitken. Joseph A.
Masterson, C. S. Ewinc. J. B. Whitney, J. T.
Williams. Crawford W. Douglass. William B.
Craig. J. B. Sykes. George R. Fletcher. T. E.
Atkinson. I. D. Bluxome, Frank W. Cornyn.
Fortieth District — Henry Ac*. Joseph G.
Glestlng, William S. Wood, Charles G. Clinch,
Edmund Tauszky, John Henderson, George F.
Mero Jr., Sol -Cahen. Thomas P. Woodward,
Ira C. Hayes, Emtle E. Kahn, Abraham Levy.
Stephen 8. Edmonds Jr.. Charles E. Barling,
Sanford Felgenbaum, Thomas Brodie, M. Ed
ward McNalr, Maurice L. Asber, Randolph J.
Thirty-fifth District — John D. Daly, John &
Partridge, W. H. Smith, E. Trittenbach. F.
Berna, Ralph L. Hathorn, George W. Elder,
H. N Hall, E. J. Lynch, Clifford McClellan,
Charles B. Kltch, William H. Cobb. R. H.
Stafford, Edward F. Treadwell, Morris J. Win
ter Jr., E. R. Pease, Thomas C. Maher, John
H. Dawson, Joseph Windrow, William Metz
n?r, David J. Creamer.
Thirty-third District— John F. Feno, James
J. Ryan, John Hogan, W. H. Cole, Charles F.
Daley, J. L. Taaffe, John F. McGowan, Jo
eeph W. McTigue. Fred J. Meincke.
Thirty-fourth District — Edward M. Ritter.
Alonzo Davidson,- William J.' Oullfoyle, Fred
Ritchie, Joseph S.' Nyland, George A. Merrill,
William Gleeson, John J. O'Brien, John J.
Hore, A. Duffee, Fred Severance. Roben
Strahle, John S. Drew, E. B. Ring, H. A.
Ullay, J. H. Belser.
Thlrty-flrst District— T. C. Duff, George
Wlmmer. William J. McDonnell. W. S. Covy,
Thomas Sullivan, George I. Raychester, Charles
Al. Erickson. James Higgins, James Moran.
Henry M. Ryan. David Kenny. Edward Early,
George R. Crary.
Thirty-second District — John B. Rider, Hal
lle B. Davidson, L. C. Cull, Joseph T. Norton.
Edward Wessllng, Thomas Cavanaugh, Ed
ward Alkens, Frank J. Mitchell, George C. Ja
cobsen, Frank J. Fltzoatrick, John J. Hen
nessy. Fred W. Zimmerman, R. G. Rock,
Frank J. Weiss.
by special badges, furnished by the
United Republican League.
Following is the list of delegates:
Twenty-eighth District— J. C. Klrkpatrick,
Walter Macauley, John A. Barr, James ilof
fat. William J. Harrington, Edward W.
Haughy, Richard Grimes. Walter Larsen, J. J.
Fanning. Fred J. Hopper. John F. Runge,
George Cooney, H. W. Peterson.
Twenty-ninth District— James J. McQuee
ney, Leon Samuels, John F. Mitchell, Charles
Ji. Goldbeck. Richard Cox, William H. Can
non. William L. Rhys, James N. Nelson. Hy
man Levy. William Koehler, John S. Elliott.
John H. Nagelmaker.
Thirtieth District — Joseph. Bertram. Harry
Hall, Thomas M. Walsh, Francis McNamara.
P. E. Wallace, Frank Roach. Louis Clave
loux. L. M. Hollingsworth, Edward J. Dun
ning, Isadore Erb, Frank Daunet, William J.
Walsh,- Harris Bernard, Thomas F. Roberts,
James F. Lawler.
Upon motion of Ralph L. Hathorn the
convention adjourned until Wednesday
evening, September 23.
Platform and resolutions — William S. "Wood
(chairman). J. C. Klrkpatrlck, Leon Samuels,
Fred E. Wallace, George Wlmmer, L. C. Cull,
Joseph YV. McTigue. Ed M. Ritter, Ralph L.
Hathorn.' Charles H. J. Truman. George M.
Schell. Isidore Golden. John T. Williams, H.
O. Beatty. William J. Herrln. Charles Sonntag,
Alex Campbell and Fred.Marlni.
Credentials and contested elections — Marc
Anthony (chairman). Ed H. Haughey,- Rich
ard Cox, Frank Daunet. David Kenny. H. B.
Davidson. J. L,. Taaffe, William Glecson,
Joseph Windrow. Charles H. Baker, H. New
berg. S. II. Heckett, J. B. Whitney, Charles
E. Barling, M. Josephson, R. Al Grier, L. K.
Savage and John Christenson.
Organization and permanent order of busi
ness — Milton H. Ksberg (chairman), George
Cooney. John Elliott, F. McNamara. George
J. Raychester, Fred Zimmerman, F. J. Mein
ecke, Joseph Nyland, John D. Daly, Walter
R. Van Loon. Fred C. Jones, Max Goldberg.
G«orge R." Fletcher, " Kdmond Tauszky, ' Jamea
F. Cossrrove, James D. Brown, Thomas H.
Lindsay and Edward M. ' Buckley.
Marc Anthony moved that a committee
consisting of ehjhteenrtme' from each dis
trict, b^ selected by ..the ; chairman as a
committee' on credentials and contested
elections. William S. Wood made a simi
lar motion for tbe appointment of a" com
mittee on platform and resolutions. Mil
ton H. Esberg moved that a committee
of eighteen, one from each district, be ap
pointed by the chairman as a committee
on permanent organization and order of
business. A recess was taken in order to
glye Chairman Partridge an opportunity
to name his committees. Upon reconven
ing the following committees were ap
pointed:
Clifford. McCJellan was placed, in nomi
nation for secretary of the convention by
Ralph L. Hathorn of the Thirty-fifth!Dis
trict. R. H. Countryman named Thomas
E. Atkinson of the Thirty-ninth District
for first assistant secretary, and Maurice
L. Asher named Marion L. Cohen of the
Fortieth District for second assistant sec
retary. The three gentlemen were elected
and took up their duties immediately.
¦Nominations for vice chairmen were
next in order. Marc AnthSny nominated
W r alter S. Brann of the Forty-third Dis
trict for first vice chairman; Judge John
R. Aitken nominated R. H. Countryman
for second vice chairman, a.nd Isidore Erb
nominated Joseph Bertram for third vice
chairman. , The three were elected by ac
clamation.
APPOINTS COMMITTEES.
see California-built ships laden with the fruits
of California orchards and fields, mines and
workshops, aye, manned and controlled by
California's sons, pouring- out through the
Golden Gate the fullness of her supplies to
the most distant lands; and then I can see
her people, as a great poet once said of an
other great people:
- "We sailed wherever ships could sail
"VVe founded many a mighty State;
Pray God our greatness may not fail
Through craven fear of being great."
Again, gentlemen, I thank you.
POPULAR YOUNG ATTORNEY WHO WAS UNANIMOUSLY CHOSEN TO PRESIDE OVER THE REPUBLICAN
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION AND SOME IMPRESSIONS OF PROMINENT DELEGATES DRAWN BY ONE
OF THE CARTOONISTS OF THE CALL'S STAFF.
SACRAMENTO. Fopt. 15.— For the sec
ond time ia the rece'nt past a member
of the National Ouard of California has
been denied the prlvilepe of belonging to
i!k Painters" and Decorators' Union of
Bacnunento because of his connection
with the State militia. The present in
i idem has created Quite a stir in mili
tary circles in Sacramento and Kl Dorado
ro unite*.
Waldo Walling, a young painter, a mem
ber of Company H. N. G. C, of Plaoer
.illo, came lo Sacramento the other day
to go to work at his trade. I'pon mak
ing application to the local union for
membership he was informed that he
mu^t sever his connection with the Na
tional Guard, as do member of the union
<-ould be permitted to belong to the State
soldiery. Walling lias secured his release
from the National Guard on tbe ground
of removal from Placerville. and so will
be taken into the union without further
objection.
In a statement J. A. Xicholaus. pr«si
«1ert of the local Painters'. Decorators"
and Pa p«.r hungers' Union, declares that j
the provision in the constitution against!
a member of the union belonging to the ;
National Guard was adopted by the na
tional body in convention, and that the
local unions have no alternative in the
matter. He said the local unions could
make their own by-laws, but could not j
override the constitution, which says that
no mf-mber of the union shall be connect
• '1 with the constabulary or militia or in
way serve as aa officer of the law. He
said he know of no other union that has j
this provision in its constitution.
i^cial Dispatch to The Cail
For forty-two years, with but a single excep
tion, the destinies of this country have • been
committed to the care and keeping of the Re
publican party. The exception I should not
n«-ed to refer to. if it were not so recent and
eo dieaKtrouK to many of us. I refer to the
time when there were nouphouses In New York
and a dollar a day Dewey boulevard conditions
In the city of San Francisco. I'nder the guid
ance and wisdom of the Republican party the
wage worker of this country la better housed,
better clothed, better fed, better, educated and
Chairman Riordan recognized ex-Sena
tor A. P. "Williams, one of the leaders of
the United Republican League. He paid
Senator Williams eome high compliments
for the excellent work he had done in
the past and told of his earnest efforts
to brfns about a united party In San
Francisco. He invited Senator Williams
to the platform, and when that distin
guished Republican took his place along
side Mr. Riordan the delegates heartily
applauded him. When the outburst had
subsided Senator Williams addressed the
delegates as follows:
Mr. Chairman of the Republican County
Committee of San Francisco, members of the
Municipal Convention and centlemen: I
thank you for your cordial reception. I am
not egotistical enough to »uppoi=e that It is
intended for me. but rather as a compliment
to the ITnitod Republican League of Pan Fran-"
Cisco (applause)- and as tuch I will receive it.
The Republican League of San Francisco,
which ha» epoken through Its governing body.
has made no statement, has promised nothing
that It has not religiously kept and intends
to keep in the future. The result of the ef
forts of that magnificent organization is be
fore me in one* of the grandest and bwl con
ventions of Republicans that it has ever been
my privilege to see. .
Under our form of government political par
tlen seem to be necessary. Almost 'from the
beginning of the Government the voters have
aliened themselves Into two .great political par
ties. Our personal friends, but political oppo
nents, of the Democratic i>arty have prin
ciple* and Dollcies that to them seem best for
the government of the country. We take Is
sue and think thpy are not for the best. The
Republican party has principles and policies
that to It are dear, and we bellev«. them to
be the best for the country. The Republican
party is the party of protection — protection to
American interests. American workingmen,
American labor and the results of Americau
labor.
CHEERS FOR WILLIAMS.
Clifford McClellan. secretary of the
County Committee, read the. call for the
convention and when he' concluded Mr.
Riordan announced that William R. Xu
nan had been appointed sergeant at arms,
and that his assistants were M. Bannon,
Samuel Davidson, William Richardson,
John Connelly. L. V. Manville. Thomas
Lyons. Lewis Meyerback, A. C. Adams
and Henry Miller.
During the roll call the names of promi
nent deleeates were applauded by those
present. There were few absentees noted.
The delegates looked intelligent and pre
sented an excellent appearance.
Gentlemen of the Convention: As chairman
of the County Committee and as a delegate to
the convention <!aug:iier). I call this conven
tion to order, and now declare the convention
duly oyened for the transaction of business.
It it not my preroeative at this time, nor is it
my wish it it were my prerocative, to make
any remarks. (<"at calle in thp rear of the
hall.) The sergeant-at-arms will eject any
one who indulges in cat calls. This is not a
Pemooratic convention. (Laughter and ap
jiiaui?!-.> 1 v.-as about to pay, gentlemen, that
while il is not my U.:s?ir<» to make any remarks.
I may be pfrmitted at this time to say that we
have been convened for the transaction of ex
tremely lmrortant business, and th^rs is very
carnojit and jerlcus work before you, and your
deliberation:- should be conducted !n a spirit
of harmony. It is your duty a? good Republi
cans, elected at the last primary undsr the
auspices of the United Republican League, to
work in harmony, to ust- your best endeavors
to assist the chairman cf your convention and
your secretary in conducting the deliberations
and proceedings of this convention In an or
derly manner, and to maintain that degree of
decorum which is always characteristic of a
Republican convention. (Applause.) If you
will co that I am Katisfi^d that at the con
clusion of this convention you will have pre
nared a ticket composed of nominees that will
be a credit to the convention and that will meet
with the unanimous indorsement of your con
btitucnts.
Th*- secretary of the County Committee will
now r^ad the call for the convention.
Thomas D. Riordan, chairman of the
Republican County Committee, called the
convention to order. He created some
laughter by his sarcastic allusions to the
stormy session of the Democrats the pre
vious evening. He also made quite a hit
by announcing that he opened the con
vention as chairman of the County Com
mittee and also as a delegate. He Spoke
as follows:
man by Acclamation.
John S. Partridge Is Elected Chair-
DOINGS OF CONVENTION.
It is obvious that the delegates have a
free hand- There are indications that the
principles of home rule will be recognized
by giving to each district the opportunity
of naming one nominee for the Board of
Supervisors. The prediction is freely
made that Tax Collector Smith. Auditor
Baehr and Treasurer- McDougald will be
renominated for the positions they re
spectively hold. Many delegates consider
that thrre is a popular demand for the
re-nomination of men who have shown
exceptional fitness in the public service.
The contest for Mayor is wide open to
Republican?. In this instance there is
something like "the office seeking the
man.'" For Assessor there appears to be
a strong current in favor of Charles S.
Laumelster. He is one of the most popu
Jar of citizens and a campaigner of ex
traordinary enterprise. Former State
Senator Thomas C. Maher seems to be
well in the lead for nomination to the
office of Public Administrator. Last even
ing it was announced that William E.
Lutz of the Thirty-ninth District had en
tered the race for Administrator and
rallied many supporters. The convention
will not meet again until Wednesday
evening. September 23. During the recess,
however, committees on platform, order
of business and credentials will frame re
ports.
fied style to organize according
to the requirements of law. There was
no confusion or tumult. The speakers of
the evening gave expression to sentiments
of national, State and city pride. The
chairman's place on the platform was
adorned with national flags. Pictures of
Lincoln, Grant. McKinley, Roosevelt and
Pardee were displayed. Spectators re
marked that the convention was as fine
a body of men as ever assembled in San
Krancisco. The van audience of onlook
ers in the gallery did ' not offer
the slightest interruption to the
business of the session. Reference
to the service of eminent Republi
can leaders evoked applause, but there
were no great demonstrations of enthu
siasm. The talk of the speakers was of
the practical, common sense sort, free
from Hlckey, hifalutin and big "two
dollar-and-a-half words." Suggestions for
the advancement and betterment of San
Francisco were offered. The delegates
were advised lo nominate a good ticket
throughout and trust to the intelligent
judgment of the people for indorsement of
the work.
DELEGATES to the Republican
local convention assembled at the
Alhambra Theater last evening
and proceeded in orderly, digni-
the slogan of the Republican party this year
should be. "A new and better San FraneUco."
(Renewed applause). We have, an administra
tion back In Washington, headed by the great
est man living In the world to-day, Theodore
Roosevelt. (Cheers). Under his administra
tion this country has risen to a height of
prosperity such as In the days of Democratic
misrule would have seemed like the fitful fancy
of a fevered dream. You have In Sacramento
a Republican administration beaded by George
C. PanJee (applause), a man who In less than
one year has placed himself alongside of the
greatest Governors of the most ancient com
monwealth. Under his administration Califor
nia has progressed In gigantic stride*, in popu
lation, in wealth, in all material, spiritual and
every kind of well being. But Ban Francisco,
too, is, and of right ought to be. Republican
from North Beach to the county line,- and
from tide water on the west to tide wat?r on
the east. And I say that San Francisco, being
Republican, as she Is, being the most beauti
fully situated city in the world,' ought to be
famed for the parks that t-hould crown her
hills; ought to be famed for the magnificent
buildings that should line her streets; for her
schools where children of the rich and poor
alike might gain that education that would
fit them for the struggle of life: ought to be
famed for a trade extending: wherever com
merce extends, and for the busy, hum of fac
tories that night and day give employment
to countless hordes of happy -and peaceful
artisans. But such a condition of affairs pre
supposes, above everything else In the world,
a high and enduring standard of civic and
political ' virtue and morality; It presupposes
men in every department of the city Govern
ment who will place civic virtue and the good
of this municipality far above- selfish politics
or the aggrandizement of - themselves. We
ehould, therefore, nominate only such men for
office In this city and county; and . If . you do
that, I can see San , FraneUco progressing by
leaps and bounds; I can see her people press-
Ing upward, unafraid for their destiny; I can
We are like an old fellow I used to do busi
ness with over in the old Thirty-third, now
the Thirty-second District. He was a good
friend and great flshter.' and he always took
his whisky straight. I'pon one election day he
started out early in the morning, and the very
rirst thing he did was to fall off the car, knock
the skin off his nose and get into a scrap wltn
a big Democrat and get one eye blackened.
Two or three times durlne the day he got
mixed up with the police for getting too en
thusiastic within 100 feet of the polls. And
then as the shades of night fell around him
he dropped into a little drink emporium out
there to rest and refresh himself after the
cares of that fatiguing day. He called for
Bourbon and filled his glass up to the top, and
somebody asked: "Don't you take any water
in yours?" "Water!" he said: "water! havn't
I had troubles enough for one day? (LAUghter.)
And so it is with us Republicans this year.
In past years we have had troubles enough,
and now our trouble is -to fight the common
enemy, without ever a word to say against
one another. (Applause.)
SLOGAN OF PABTY.
The Republican party this year, for the first
time within my short recollection, is practl
cully a unit. 1 know that there were contests
for delegates in certain districts, but they were
friendly contests, and brother Republicans have
shaken hands, and they will bury their dlffer
f-ncei« deep and stand shoulder to shoulder, arm
to arm, hand to hand, for the success of the
ticket that you will nominate. (Applause.)
Gentlemen of the convention. I thank you.
Last year it was my privilege to preside over
a Republican assemblage like this, and we
nominated a ticket, some of the members of
which we brought under the wire, and unfor
tunately a few of them are running yet.
(Laughter.) Uut this year, because never be
fore in the history of this city has our party
been po harmonious: because never before have
the people realized so fully that Republicanism
means a continuance of prosperity; because
lubor and capital alike realize that their only
chance for fair play lies In the Republican
party — for all these reasonii this year I say we
ought to elect our ticket from top to bottom.
(Applause.)
CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS.
Edwin M. Ritter of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District seconded the nomina
tion in a pleasing- speech, and there being
ho further nominations Partridge was
elepted by. acclamation. Messrs. Beatty
and Ritter escorted the chairman to the
platform and Mr. Riordan turned over
the gavel to him. Partridge had to wait
until the hearty applause had subsided
before he could speak. He then addressed
the convention as follows:
Gentlemen of the Convention: The campaign
that is now about to open is probably the most
serious and presents perhaps the largest Issues
cf any municipal campaign that has yet opened
in the city and county of San Francisco. The
Uuty that will devolve upon this convention Is
to nominate a ticket to uphold, In the words of
the previous speaker, the principles of our
party. Unlike the Democratic party, we have
not only principles, but we have principle, and
we Ehall uphold that principle by nominating
a ticket that shall go to victory at the polls.
We shall nominate a ticket that will drive the
I>€mocratic ticket te political oblivion; and I
might add that we shall drive It in the scav-'
enging wagons of the Democratic party to the
tune of the immortal bagpipes.
The first duty that we have to perform here
is the election of a chairman, one who shall be
fair and impartial in his rulings on the deliber
ations that we are about to undertake ; one who
owes allegiance to no faction, who has no af
filiations with any leader: a man in whom we
can place the most implicit trust. I 6hall not
Oetain you further, but shall place in nomina
tion a man whose qualifications are pre-emi
nently those that I have Just described. Gen
tlemen, I nominate Mr. John S. Partridge.
Nominations for temporary chairman
were then declared in order, and H. O.
Beatty of the Forty-first District ascend
ed the platform and nominated John S.
Partridge. He spoke in part as follows:
Hut we come to San Fraiscisco; San Fran
cisco, the queen city cf the* Pacific, standing
at the gateway of the Orient, i in my judgment,
is to bt'L-orhe rnc of the great populous, busi
ness, commercial and financial centers o" the
world. The policy of the Republican uarty
has been to plant that olii flas upon the islands
of tiie ocean, carrying liberty, intelligence,
moral worth and justice to other people — and
1 say, by the way. that the party that planted
that flas there has planted it to stay, and it
will never, be hauled down by any act of a
Republican administration. (Applause).
Kan Francis ?o! Progressive fc-an Krancisco!
The signs of the times can be read by any of
you tf'at we must progress-, that we hav» got
to make this city what it ought to be and
what wesjio^ie it will be. San Francisco needs
;nany thines. She needs good school houses
and plenty of them, that the boys and Klrls
that are coming ui> now tr take your dace
and mine may be equipped with that mental
training eo necessary to battle with the vicis
situdes of life in the world. She needs better
cewers, better health' facilities, that the death
rate may be lowered and tho health of the city
tie improved. She needs better hospital-* for
the unfortunate: she needs parks and breathing
places for the- laboring man. as well as every
other: but above and beyond all. San Fran
cisco needs an intelligent, honest, economical
government of her affairs. (Applause).
Gentlemen of the municipal convention, you
have been elected . free and untrammeled, ; no
obligations expressed or im^'Ied. It is in your
power to trive the voters of this city such a
ticket a* will merit and. receive their supoort.
If >ou will do that — and it is In your hands
to do It— I believe that' you will elect the en
tire ticket from t&p to bottom. (Applause).
When the enthusiasm had subsided "Wil
liam S. Wood, the well known attorney,
arose and moved that the thanks of the
convention be extended Senator Williams
for his splendid services. The motion was
adopted with a unanimous vote by the
delegates.
NOMINATES PARTRIDGE.
more intelligent than the laborer of any other
country on the face of God's preen earth. (Ap
plnuse.) The wonderful prosperity of this na
tion, the wonderful prosperity of this State,
the phenomenal prosperity of this city, in our
judgment, are very largely due to the policies
and ;>rincir>Ies of the Republican party. A
dittin^uished gentleman, speaking last night,
thought that the laboring man had but little
In common with the Republican party, but
much in common with, the Democratic party.
There has not been any affirmative legislation
that ini'red to the. benefit of the farmer, the
miner or the laboring man from the time that
that grand President. Abraham L.lncoin, signed
the homestead law (cheers) to the passage of
the Sherman anti-trust legislation Intended to
curb the wonderful growth of the so-called
trans but has been the result of Republican
policies and legislation. (Applause.)
WHAT THIS CITY NEEDS.
Stir Caused in Military
Circles by an Organiza
tion's Action
Fainter Has to Leave
Guard to Work in
Sacramento.
Senator A. P. Williams Is Given, a
Vote of Thanks for the Splendid
Services He Rendered the Party
UNION REJECTS
THE MILITIAMAN
J. S. Partridge Is Elected Chairman
Without Slightest Opposition and
Expresses Thanks for the Honor
SUSPENSION
THE VERDICT
OF MINISTERS
Dr. Hammond Deprived
• of His Position for
One Year.
Committee at the Pacific
Grove Conference Makes
Report.
Garrity, Aaron H. Powers. Marion D. Conn,
Samuel McBlrney.
Forty-first District — H. O. Beatty, Lester G.
Burnett, Charles A. Murdock, John C. Currier.
Albert E. Castle. Henry J. Crocker. Milton H.
Esberg, Isaac F. Kydd. Robert N. Frick. Louis
S. Beedy, Maxwell McNutt, William Barton,
Horace J. Perazzi, George M. Willcox. Wil
liam B. Colllgan, Charles A. Son. Charles L.
Barsottl. Myer Josephson, Adolph F. Schwartz.
Clarence B. Sloan.
Forty-second District— Ed. X. Ayers. John
A. Clover, James F. Cosgrove. Milton M. Da
vis. Don R. Dunbar. H. Galey, P. M. Gcpche
vltch, Jacob Greenebaum, Robert A. Grier,
Thomas M. Gannon. Jesse D. Hannah. William
J. Herrln, Frank V. Keesling-. E. G. Knapn,
Charles T. Llndsey, George A. McGowan, P.
de la Montanya, Dr. W. A. McQultty. Harry
E. Pratt, Charles H. Pagehorn. George E. Well
infrton, Charles A. Westcott, S. A. White.
Forty-third District — Thomas D. Riordan,
Walter S. Brann. Luther Elkins, Samuel H.
Kent. James D. Brown.. Philip J. Hasklns, O.
M. Marsh, Charles Scnntag, I. J. Truman Jr.,
William H. Gallagher. Thomas K. McCarthy,
Jchn B. "ReiUy, P. A. Leich. Henry Sexton.
Charles Kauffman. Walter . Hanley, D. J. Be
ban, A. A. Gnarinl. Marc Anthony, Norman
H. Hurd. Dr. T. B. de Witt, George Walton.
Melville W. Hermann.
Forty-fourth District — J. George Boyne. Mar
tin W. Brady. E. S. Strauss. William Blakeley,
I. Ellas. Richard Ryan, Thomas H. L.lnd?ay.
Dr. Walter K. Jackson, John Breen, Daniel
H. Sullivan, • Lincoln E. Savage, M. Raggett.
M. M. Blum. Augustus Johnson, John J.
Green, James D. Shay. James Carr, A. Grasso.
Samuel J. Robertson. Alexander Campbell Jr.,
A: Kaskell. James McNalr.
. Focty-fllfth District— A. Ruef^ E. M. Buck
lev, John H. Nelson. Dr. Campt»*il -Ford. Louis
Strohl. A. Bardet, Charles H. Sommerlad.
Richard Demlngs. Joseph Barbetta. Walter
Hanna. Frank Marinl, Alexander Campbell.
William Clark. John Christenson. Jules Berges.
NAMES COMMITTEES.
Chairman Hickey of Democratic Con
vention Gives Out Selections.
Thomas W. Hlckey, chairman of the
Democratic Municipal' Convention, yes
terday announced the appointment of the
following committees:
Platform and resolutions — William M. Can
non, chairman; Terrence O'Brien, "William M.
Pratt, John J. Tomalty; Thomas F. Alford,
Daniel D. Harrington, H. E. Wlnkler. Dr. II.
D. Fanning, William D. Hynes, John J. Mc-
Carthy, George E. Gallagher. LJvlnKSton Jenks.
Matthew Brady. James W. Rellly, Carl Wester
feld, John J. Gleason, Thomas Chandler and
Mario Forno.
Contests — Joseph E. O'Donnell. chairman;
Thomas E. Curran, Eugene D. Sullivan Albert
P. Wheelan and J. C. Sims.
Supervisors — Osgood Putnam, chairman: J. J.
Sweeney. John F. Renault. James Mooney. Pe
ter J. HaR-gerty, Eustace Culllnan and Joseph
M. dimming.
Order of business — Eugene F. Lacy, chair
man; Thomas F. Gavan. Lawrence J. Dolan.
Thomas J. Kennedy, Frank G. Drury, Sidney
H. Van Wyck Jr. and Daniel Shea.
It is understood that th* convention will
not meet until next Monday evening, as
it is necessary for the committee' on
Supervisors to select eighteen citizens to
be voted on by the delegates. The other
committees will also be given an oppor
tunity to conclude their labors.
There was a meeting of the minority
executive committee yesterday In the of
fice of Joseph E. O'Donnell, the acknowl
edged leader of the "Horse and Carts."
as the minority is called. They intend to
stay in the convention, but will make
things lively for Gavin McN'ab and his
aggregation as long as the convention
holds together. It Is their plan to nom
inate McNab for every office on the
ticket. Members of the minority
say they will cheerfully put up the neces
sary $10 which must accompany each
nomination. The minority promises 133^
votes for the Democratic boss at each
roll call.
Tbe Union Labor convention will meet
in the Temple on Turk street to-night and
nominate the rest of Its ticket. It was
rumored , on the streets yesterday that
Mayor Schmltz and P. H. McCarthy had
settled their differences and McCarthy
would be ?iven one of the nominations
for Supervisor.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 13.-At 9 o'clock
to-night Bishop Cranston announced that
he had received a report from the com
mittee engaged in trying the charges
against Dr. J. D. Hammond, statins that
they # h3d reached a decision. The con
ference took a recess till 9:30, when amid
intense silence Dr. H. B. Heacock, who
presided over the deliberations of the trial
committee, read the following report:
"Findings of the court in the case of
J. D. Hammond. The specifications wcra
read seriatim and the vote was taken by
ballot with the followinc result:
"Specification 1— Not sustained by a vote
of 7 for and 8 against. Specification 2—
Sustained by a vote of 12 for and 3 against.
Specification 3— Sustained by a vote of 9
for and 6 against. Specification 4—Sus
tained by a vote of 15 for and none
against. Specification 5— Sustained by a
vote of 11 for and 4 asainst. Specification
6— Sustained by a vote of 8 for and 7
against."
The question. Do the specifications
sustain the charge "dishonesty in busi
ness", was lost by a vcte of 15 against.
The question. Do the specifications sus
tain the charge of "high imprudence and
unministerial conduct" was sustained by
a vote of 13 for and none asainst.
The- select number then affixed the pen
alty to be suspension from all ministerial
functions for one year.
Signed: Hush Copo'.and. Frank R. Wal
ton. John E. Wright. U M. Ewing, J. A.
Van Anda, J. W. Pendleton. Clarence
Reed, J. W. Phelps. W. S. Kelly, Irving
R. Lovejoy. R. E. Wenk, W. B. Priddy,
James Whitaker, C E. Rich. M. J.
Gough, H. B. Heacock. chairman; A. H.
Netdham, secretary. Pacific Grove. Sep
tember 13, 1003.
• Immediately after the reading of the re
port Dr. J. B. Chynoweth, one cf Dr.
Hammond's counsel, gave- notice that an
appeal would be taken from the action oS
the California annual conference to ths
judicial conference.
Bishop Cranston read the appointment?
and the conference of 1903 was adjourned.
Following are appointments at the
Methodist conference.
Napa District — J. H. N. Williams, presiding
elder; Alliance and Blue Lake. Alfred J. Case;
Anderson Valley. If. L.. Anderson: Areata.
John L. Burcham: Blook^burg. to be supplied;
Bloomneld. X. E. Gtbba; Cailstoga, J. W. Eux
ton; Cazadero. suoplled; Cloverdaf«*. \T. S.
Urmy: Covelo. supplied; Crescent City, E. S.
Robertson; Eureka. James Williams: Eureka
circuit, supplied by E. A. Wible: Ferndale.
James Whitaker: "Fortuna. E. B. Connor; Fort
Bragg. J. W. Cullen; Green Valley. Ix>renzo
Fellers: Guerneville. A. X. Sweet; Healdsburtr.
J. J. Martin; Kelseyvllle and Lower Lak?. H.
H. Buckner: Manchester and Greenwood. A.
Holbrook: M»dJletown. M. M. Miner; Monti
cello, supli^d; N^pa. E. R. Willis; Occidental,
Chris L. Peterson; Olema and Bclinas. srtjp
plled; Perm Grove. G. EL Barrett: Petaluma.
H. J. Winsor: Fetrolla. supplied: Point Arena.
J. W. Pendleton; Potter Valley, supplied by
J. R. Gregory: KohnervKle. Fred Axe; Round
Valley Indian Mission. Len Schillinger; St.
Helena, II. O. Hnk: San Rafael. A. E. I'lrlch;
Santa Rosa. M. H. Alexander: Sehastopnl.
Fred H. Winsor; Smith Uiver. R. \V. Byrn;
Sonoma. H. C. Tallman: Ukiah. J. C. Bolster;
T'klah Indian Mission. M. Ewing; Valtejo.
William Angwin: Willlts. A. C. Duncan;
Windsor. J. H. Ainsworth. D. A. Hayes. prr»
fes«or In the Garrett Biblical Institute, and
Robert K. Atkinson left without appointment
to attend !&• school.
Oakland district — John OvIp. presiding eider;
Allendale. J. R. Wolfe; Berkeley. Trinity, r\
K. Jenness and West I>. Crock: Benicia. O. M.
Hester: Corning-. J. U. Simmons: Dlxon. C. H.
Wood: Dunsmuir. W. G. Trudjreon: Ktna. S.
E. Crowe; Fairfleld. J. W. Robinson; Fort
Jones. W. P. McClasky: Fruirvaie. C. (J
Mllr.e«: Golden Gate. K. M. Hill; Keswick. Fay
Donaldson: Klamathon. J. I, yteadford: Madi
son and Gulnda. supplied: Martinea. supplied:
McCloud. J. F. Kellogg; Oakland and Chester.
S. G. Gale: Eighth Avenue. Owen E. Hotle;
First Church. E. R. Dill;* and one to be sup
plied: Shattuck Avenue. W. K. Dcnlon; Twrn
ty-fourth Avenue. K. IJ. Winning : Thrtty-fourtti
Street. M. D. Euck; Orland antl Kirk wood.
Hugh Baker; Olinda. A. L,. Walker; Pinole,
G. O. Ash: Red Bluff. William Clark; Reddlnc
R. E. Wenk; Richmond. C. E. Rich: Round
Mountain, supplied by C. O. Shaver; Slgvnn
and Gazelle. J. W. Edgar. Vacavllle. J. W.
Hinds; Wlnthrop. W. H. Gloa.wn: Wo<vllan<!
C E. "Winning: Yolo. G. M. Mees*: Tr'ka, .T
E. Wright: Williams and tninnl«ran. A. X.
Hamlln; Weavervllle. supplied. John Thnmp
non. agent California Llble Society: J?**9
Smith. superintendent seamen's work; Paul M.
Spencer, left without appointment to atteni
school; F.' D. Boward. editor California Chris
tian Advocate.
Sacramento District — E. IV McCrery. pr»»
riding elder; Amador. B. H. Fleming; Auburn.
J. P. MacAulay: BijcK*. William Durchetf
Chico. Wll*ie M. Martin; Colfax. G. A. I>ed<»r:
Courtland. F. Sheldon ; DownWHle,' P. W.
Calfee; Dutch Flat. Thomas , Murrlsh; Klk
Grove. W. C Robins: El T»r»do. Konplfr<1:
Fair Oaks.' E. E. Dod^e; Fprnl^y. E. Ha<1!T-
Florin. II. C. Langley: Folsom. C. F. Van
Norman: Forbestnwn. G. W. Beattle; For<**t
Hill. H. C. Richardson: Georgetown. Jow»ph
Johns; Grass Valley, n. G. K»lth: Honeuf.
O. H. Van VHet; lone. W. C. Howard; Jack
gon. J. W. Phelpa: Maryaville. W. M. Wood
ward: Nelaon and Live Oak. J. T. C. Smith;
Nevada City. J. H. Wythe: Newcasitle. f. ,\*
Richardson: Nortb Floomfleld. J. TV. McAl
lister; North San Juan. S. Davis; Ophlr and
Cool. H. L. Gregory: Oroville. U. K. Beck*:
Penryn. J. E. Badger: Pine Grove. G. W.
Kmigh; Placervllle. Geonte C King: Pleasant
Grove. D. W. Chilson; Plymouth, W. C.
Mocket. '¦''/:-
DELEGATES TO REPUBLICAN MUNICIPAL CONVENTION ASSEMBLE
IN ALHAMBRA THEATER AND ORGANIZE IN A DIGNIFIED FASHION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
4
He Tried Two Hospitals.
San Francisco. September H, 1903.
WE RECORD ANOTHER FINE RE-
covery from Brighfs Disease, viz.,
Mr. William White of 502 Powell street, well
known at the City Hall (former Deputy
< ity Assessor). Case diagnosed three and
¦ half years ago by several physicians as
throni<: Brighfs Disease. Grew wors^
rapidly, and a year later had to give up
his position Went to Byron Springs;
then to St. Luke's Hospital. Remained at
tie latter six weeks, and becoming dls-
couraged went home Growing continu-
ally worse, he then went to the Waldeck
Sanitarium, remaining three weeks. Then
»«nt home again fully convinced nothing
fould be done. By this time, in addition
to tha other distresses, dropsy and heart
trouble had developed, and albumen very
heavy.
He learned of the Fulton Compounds
ihrouph Mrs. C. C. Mathewson. who had
had an extreme ca»e of Diabetes, and
ofWT treating both at the Women's Hos-
pital dnd taking medical advice at the
I^ne Hoepital went home, as she sup-
iKjs-od. to die, whon she heard of the Com-
!>fiund. took it and recovered.
This convinced Mr. White, and he be-
ean on it, improving almost from the
•tart. He continued the treatment for
« ight months, and is now and has been
tor boom time as well as he ever was in
'lis life. He duplicated Mrs. Mathewson's
experience, and as he owes his life to th<j
•nmpjunds he permit* this reference, and
v ill answer the question? of aJl who may
<• concerned.
Rrisht's Disease and Diabetes are now
¦oKitively curable in nearly nine-tenths
«rf all cases by the Kulton Compounds.
.'•"< nd for literature to the Jno. J. Fulton
<x.. Sole, Compounders, 493 Washington
rtreet. San Francisco. .The Renal Com-
round tor Bright's . Disease, $1; for Dla-
bctca, $1 lr0-
Brighfs Disease and
Diabetes News.
JNO. J. FULTON CO
¦_€V. Jk ¦ i T"N
s^? >s^ g sA n^ euser "^ usc h
covers 125 acres —
(a(*llp3|^ 60 city blocks.
Capacity!
Brew House— 6,000 Barrels DaUy.
Bottling Works— 700,000 Bottles Daily.
Ice & Refrigerating Plants— 3,300 Tons Daily.
Malt Houses— 5,000 Bushels Daily.
Storage Elevators— 1,250,000 Bushels.
Stock Houses— 425,000 Barrels.
Steam Power Plant— 7,750 Horse Power.
Electric Light & Power Plant-4,000 Horse Power.
Employs 5,000 People.
Largest Breweryinthe World
..... _ „ * „ Ord«T« promptly filled by
TTLLMAN2T & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributer*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.AUSTRIA AND ITALY PREPARE TO DISPATCH
FLEETS TO TURKISH WATERS AND THE OTHER
POWERS WILL JOIN IN NAVAL PROGRAMME
Bulgaria Must Choose One or the
Other Alternative.
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Sept. 15.— Following
are some of the points in the note which
Bulgaria has just presented to the pow
ers:
What the Bulzarian Government had fore
seen, as expressed in its note of June 29, of
the development of nflajrs in Turkey has be
come amply verified. The Turkish Govern
ment is systematically annihilating the Bul
garian people.
The mobilization and concentration of such
great forces in European Turkey, under the
pretext of suppressing the revolution, give
liulfraria. reason to furrvjf^ that at an oppor
tune moment she will be attacked by Turkey.
The Uuicarian Government can no longer
remain indifferent to the presence of f=uch a
situation, which is of a nature calculated to
»>rir.g about a hostile cc!lii-lon between Tur
k< v and Uulcaria.
If the great powers do not take measures to
p;ve the Sublime Porte counsels of wisdom and
of moderation the Bulgarian Government will
WAP, OH ANNIHILATION
commanded by a Bulgarian officer.
Giochoff. president of the Mediterranean
committee, is thc chief.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Replying to notes of the Turkish repre
sentative here, in which it was alleged
that the insurrection in Macedonia was
the work of Bulgarian bands which had
crossed the frontier, the Bulgarian Gov
ernment on Saturday last made answer
refuting ' the - accusations, reviewing the
histroy of the Insurrection and claiming
that the outbreak was the direct result of
Thc latest nnws from Constantinople says the
Porte is mobilizing the last line of reserves, in
cluding men about 50 years of age.
Yesterday came a telegram from Burgas eay-
Ing that a company of Turkish troops, while
passing near a frontier post. ¦ was saluted by tho
Bulgarian guard, but the Turkish officer did not
acknowledge the salute, turned his back, and
afterward remarked to the Bulgarian officer In
command: "Wnen we have finished here . we
will come and pep you." Reports have also
been received of Turkish troops crossing the
Bulgarian frontier, carrying off sheep and com
mitting «-ther depredations.
. Confronted by 6uch conditions, Bulgaria is
forced to the conviction that Turkey intends to
attack her. and the Sofia Government has taken
this last etep of asking the powers to intervene.
Otherwise Bulgaria must take measures for her
own protection.
The Porte was only too anxious to have a
pretext for continuing the massacres and the
extermination of the liuj&arian people. Turkey
hag now concentrated .''.(M.OOU troops in Mace
donia, only about "5,000 of whom are engaged
in thc suppression of the revolt. There is no
attempt to light the insurgents, but the troops
attack Innocent women and children. The Bul
garian Government is forced to perceive in this
excessive mobilization a clear sign of Turkey's
desire, after she has succeeded in suppressing
the outbreak In 1 Macedonia, to attack Bulgaria
and exterminate the Bulgarian race. All our
latest Information from Macedonia and Con
stantinople confirms this view.
Hilinl Pasha, the Vali of Salonica, has openly
declared that war with Bulgaria is the only
way of settling the 'Macedonian question. The
Constantinople press, which Is under the most
severe censorship, was recently allowed to pub
lish the most sensational reports, with the ob
ject of increasing the Mussulmans' fanatic hat
red of. the Bulgarian Christians.
It has been from the first plainly evident that
the policy of Turkey was to hinder the develop
ment of the Dulgarian race in Macedonia,
which was the fctrcugt-st national element there.
With this end In view the Turks proceeded to
devastate the country and kill the Bulgarian
Christians, driving the survivors into the moun
tains and forests, where they would either per
i?h of hunger or gj across the Bulgarian fron
tier and become a burden to the Bulgarian na
tion. In the meanwhile the powers paid not
the. £lightet>t attention to the Bulgarian note of
June 'M, but rather encouraged the Turks, who
adopted the moFt severe measures to suppreRS
the outbreak. The Bulgarian Government is
now compelled to protect not only Uulgarla
itself, but also the Bulgarian element in Mace
donia. It Is further evident that Turkey' hos
dirt-etly encouraged the revolution, as, with ten
times as mdtiy guards on the frontier as Jiul—
gariu employed, the Turks never stopped a sin
gle revolutionary band nor an individual cross
ing the frontier.
be obliged to take the necessary steps to be
ready tor every eventuality and to not be taken
by surprise.
Premier Petroff was interviewed to-day
on the reasons which induced the Bulga
rian Government to issue yesterday's
note to thc powers. ' He said: '
RUSSIAN HOUSE OF WORSHIP NEAR JERUSALEM/IN WHICH. CITY
MOHAMMEDANS HAVE BEGUN A MASSACRE, AND THE PREMIER
OF THE BULGARIAN MINISTRY.
The Ne^7 Overland limited Via Chi
cago and Northwestern Railway.
Each train in the Overland Limited dally
service between San Francisco and Chicago is
provided with a separate and complete electri
cal plant. Each berth, compartment and draw
ing-room has Its own reading lamp. Each table
In the dining-car is adorned by a dainty lamp
that sheds a soft Blow of llcht. Thc Book
lovers' Library of Philadelphia provides the
latest books, which, with the current maga
zines, help to pass the evening hours delight
fully on a train where one can read at ease
with a steady, brilliant light. Electric fans
are used to cool the air. Electric heaters are
provided for the ladies' curling: irons. Electric
buttons bring quick Bervlce, and a telephone in
the observation parlor connects the passenger
with the outside world while the train is at
terminals. The Overland Limited leaves San
Francisco daily at 10 a. m., reaching Chicago
in less than three days. For tickets, sleeping
car reservations and full - information, - apply
to R. R. Ritchie, general agent Pacific Coast,
Chicago and Northwestern Railway, 617 Mar
ket street, San Francisco. Cal. ¦ ' •
DEPUTY GAMBLE CONFESSES,
¦ • ¦ - .••*¦•;:¦:-;¦;¦;¦¦ ;?;¦?
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Bel
grade asserts that the Servian Govern
ment lately equipped bands which were
sent in military trains to the frontier,
where each man was given . arms,' pro
visions and $25 in cash. The Turkish rep
resentative has demanded the cessation of
the practice. . ,•
The correspondent of the Daily Mall at
Monastlr says that the' underground cells
in the prisons there are used for the po
litical prisoners. They are so low that
the inmates,cannot even sit; they must
lie down. Water 1» poured into the cells
at night by the soldiers, who* probe the
prisoners with their bayonets to; prevent
them from 'sleeping. r - Food is withheld
for three days < together: and, the air pas
sages are stopped and, other tortures in
fllcte'd in order to force the prisoners* into
LONDON, Sept. 16.-The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
claims to have the highest authority for
«sa>-ing that Russia's Balkan policy is to
isolate Bulgaria by refusing to stop the
Macedonian massacres and inducing tho
powers to remain; inactive. Then, when
Turkey has defeated Bulgaria, Russia
will insist on stepping in and occupying
Bulgaria. under the pretext of protecting
her. Thus Bulgaria would 1 become Rus
sia's vassal. Minister White's removal,
continues the correspondent, was due to
his advocacy of a peaceful "settlement of
the Balkan problem.
Seeks to Bring On War and Then
Take Possession of Bulgaria.
RUSSIA'S HIDDEN MOTIVE.
The American Consul In Beirut tele
graphs that the . situation there is tran
quil, although some fears are entertained
of disturbances on the occasion of the
feast of the cross. The Consul adds that
a good impression was created by Rear
Admiral Cotton's conference with Nazim
Pasha, the acting Vail of Beirut, and the
latter's repressive action, as already re
ported by Admiral Cotton to the authori
ties in Washington,
Finally, Bulgaria stated that the Turk
ish Government was prolonging a situa
tion filled with perils to the principality,
and pointed out that there was danger of
a catastrophe to both, countries.
Prince Ferdinand will return here to
morrow.
the existing form of government In Mace
donia, which had forced the youth of the
country to flee abroad and gradually or
ganize the insurrection. Bulgaria also de
clined all responsibility for the events at
Adrianople, which it declared were due
to the persecution of the Bulgarian popu
lation.
being held in readiness to be dispatched
to Turkish waters on short notice. It is
believed that the powers are preparing
for joint naval action, should the situa
tion not improve.
LONDON, Sept. 15. — A news agency dis
patch from Rome says that the Italian
fleet, which has been concentrating oft
the coast of Sicily, is held in readiness to
leave for Turkish waters at a few hours'
notice. '
Europe's Great Nations Prepare for
Naval Demonstration.
VIENNA, Sept. 15.— An Austrian fleet is
FLEETS READY TO MOVE.
confessions of complicity with the revolu
tionaries. Many have died under this
treatment. * >
The Most Picturesque Hide
In California is over the California North
western Railway between Ukiah an^l Willits.
At Ridpewcod, the summit of the mountain
range which divides the Russian River fmm
the Eel River water sheds, the elevation Is 13MO
feet. The train in reaching this point grad
ually ascends for a distance of aeven and one
half miles. The grade is easy, and the pano
rama for mi'.ea and miles of valley and moun
tain ridges is before you. *
Mrs. Smith Sent to Jail.
The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon against Mrs. Annie Smith was re
duced to y battery by Police Judge Slogan
yesterday and she was sentenced to serve
six months in the County Jail. During a
fight in the Wilcox House, on Stevenson
street, on August 19, Mrs. Smith cut John
Donnelly of 1SD Fourth street on" the
hands and face with a knife.
Mr. "Woodworth expects to have the
case ready for presentation to the Grand
Jury by the latter part of next week.
Regarding new developments, if any, ho
declines to speak.
Tom Yung, the Chinese merchant ac
cused by the substitutes of having bribed
them with $C0 each to take the places of
the escaped prisoners, has engaged Bert
Schleslnger to defend him In court. Ho
denies totally the statements made by the
substitute*. ;::..,
the bureau to interfere unless directly
ordered from Washington so to do.
Such is undoubtedly the case, and the
more's the pity. The experience of the
past should suggest to the head of the
Immigration Department at the Xatlonal
Capitol the necessity of providing for the
proper identification of every Chinese per
son taken on board the steamer to be de
ported or remanded.
Chinese Inspector Boyce was put to
work yesterday on the records In the of
fice of the clerk of the United States Dis
trict Court owing - to certain Information
that ¦ had been conveyed to the Chinese
Bureau. Here are kept all the records
of - habeas; corpus or remand cases, and
also of Chinese found unlawfully in the
country' and ordered deported. It has
been observed that for the last two years
the clerk's office has been resorted to by
Chinese who are engaged in securing the
landing of : their countrymen by the ha
beas corpus route. They have . made a
Gamble's confession stamps as untrue
the statement of Hackdriver Martin, who
claims he received the Chinamen at thc
County Jail, but this is denied by the
deputy marshal, who says he engaged
him to drive the substituted ones from
the Appraiser's building to the Mall dock.
It is expected that more arrests will fol
low to-day, as It is known that the Gov
ernment officials have gathered a mass
of evidence showing that a wholesale
conspiracy existed to defeat the matter
of deporting Chinese.
When asked if he realized the chances
he was | taking when he entered into the
conspiracy, Gamble remarked: "We never
dreamed of being caught. It was so
easy., so. well arranged, that we did not
think tha.t there was the least chance
of ' being discovered." From these re
marks the secret service men are inclined
to believe that Gamble is not telling:
everything in connection with the scheme
and Is anxious to shield other persons
who are equally guilty.
After a short investigation he satisfied
the officials that he was innocent and
was released.
Yesterday and last night Gamble was
busily engaged in Chinatown, supposed
ly endeavoring to gather evidence to as
sist the cause of the Government. This
is taken as an indication that he has the
assurance of the officials that he will not
be severely dealt with If he lends his aid
in exposing the conspiracy.
Yesterday the Government detectives
arrested a well known Chinese named
Tom Young on suspicion that he was a
party to the deep laid conspiracy to de
feat the ends of the exclusion act.
ABBESTED AND RELEASED.
Gamble declared to District Attorney
Woodworth that only the two Chinamen
who were with him in the deal knew any
thing about the substitution of tho old
Chinese for the ones who were unjder sen
tence of deportation. Notwithstanding his
positive statement the secret service peo
ple are industriously working on the case
with the hope of enmeshing others in the
dragnet, as they are satisfied that other
white men are' parties to the conspiracy.
Gamble admits that this is not the only
case where well-to-do Chinamen have
been allowed to defeat the ends of justice
by handsomely paying for the privilege of
substituting decrepit Mongolians, who are
only too willing to be returned to their
native country to die.
dered him to drive to the ferry. As the
substitution was complete Gamble had no
trouble in carrying out his part in the
conspiracy. " — 4
BID WHOLESALE BUSINESS.
The old men are simply delivered un
der names of the young men who
were allowed to escape, and after the*
substitutes are landed In China and swal
lowed up In the Flowery Kingdom that
much evidence against the conspirators
Is practically destroyed.
In fact, the head of the Chinese Bu
reau In this city stated immediately after
the arrest of the substitutes on fj-iday
that the bureau had nothing whatever to
do with habeas corpus cases: that the
subjects of habeas corpus writs were un
der the control of the United States Mar
shal and the steamship officials, and that
it woWd be uncivil or impertinent for
The history of the habeas corpus cases
for the last year or two is being studied
by the Chinese Bureau and note Is being
made of the names of the attorneys and
the disposition of each case. In fact, the
long arm of the Government will be ex
pended over to China for evidence that
will result In exposing the Chinese and
Caucasians who have been making a prac
tice of substitution for several years past
and will bring them to merited punish
ment. The game has been so easy owing 1
to the negligence of officials that even a
child could play at It. Chinese being re
manded to the custody of the steamship
officials have been placed on board thc
vessels without any- surveillance what
ever on the part of the Chinese Bureau.
No comparison of the prisoners with pho
tographs or papers is ever made at the
gangplank by representatives of the bu
reau.
PAME HAS BEEN EASY.
dally study of the records and often call
for certified copies, which they have the
legal right to do and which the clerks
are obliged to furnish on receipt of the
fee.
Without any further parleying. Gamble
bundled the six substituted Chinamen into
the hack driven 1 by Tom Martin and' or-
by the sextet and without waiting to say
farewell they darted up Jackson street
and were soon lost in the alloys of China
town. Gamble then leisurely i walked | to
the Appraisers' : building, where he met
Horn Toon standing on the flrat floor.
• With a satisfied smile the Chinese con
spirator silently approached Gamble and
after being assured that , tho prisoners
had been turned loose announced that
he was ready to make the substitution.
He then signaled , three old Chinamen,
who. were hiding in the dark recesses of
the building, and. told Gamble that they
were the men who were to take the places
of a similar number of the , gang allowed
to escape. After assuring Gamble that
they were "all right" the Chinaman told
the Deputy Marshal to go to the second
floor of the building.. Gamble walked up
stairs and found Wong Tin waiting for
him. He also had three .worn out Mongo
lians waiting to be introduced to the offi
cial.. •-¦; •¦ - '¦¦¦ : ¦¦ -;...:'.. . ...:.. . .- •¦:: ,--•-• ¦'
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
5
ASVEETISEMMTS.
R^ H && man y other painful and serious
|i If l||i| If ra ailments from which most mothers.
H §^ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
A itf&K BOB "M^ 8 Frfel^" This great remedy
JH h^ isa God-send to women, carrying
iS'iiisfflw H ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who nses • 'Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insnres safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child 13
its weight in gold to every ¦"¦"^¦p^ ¦ " a ' HB ' a
woman, and will be sent free in plain PS M| g
envelope by addressing application to Wa f&sL R ||3 M H
Brad field Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. i II 1 w iH W&
| Our Fall Millinery Opening
$ Begins this morning and continues
| until closing time Saturday night
£ Magnificent Model Hats from the world's foremost milliners. One of the most notable
tl . -¦ . . displays ever seen in this city. The show of Paris and Vienna \
5f . Model Gowns, in adjoining department.
h ¦¦*•¦.
I Important &@l&& Laces and Ribbons
I For Wednesday and Thursday
* Several hundred pieces of beautiful ,Plaid Ribbons Thousands of yards of dainty Point de Paris, Nor-
af suitable for neckwear, sashes and fancy work mandy and Imitation Duchesse Laces, with inser-
* (Christmas only, three months away), secured by buyer at a little more tionS tO match — ranging in Width from 2 tO 6 inches
1 than halt regular prices, on sale to-day and Thursday « same ratio. __ Qy/ jece fl n new des jg n . none wort h l ess
S ™;;: §§| W £Z 10c Jhe yarS-mVh of it 15c value; to-
$ (navy, reds, browns, etc.).' instead of 35c yard, sale price, t SMC day and" Thursday only, your choice per yard O«7.
g ..'""' ' •' 1 ¦
g New Separate Skirts $12.5 O Last Day Linen Sale
% y.-rr COrrCGt .Fall aM* These prcei mean a a s*ving of fully oncthird. Ccrae tsxJajr if you need Lncas.
J» ¦ WintCr f 903 SliitS Irish Unen Table Cloths— Dice pattern cream Damtsk Napkins— Fins Irhij Unen; }{ tsze;
$ _. -, -, . „, „ . c .. x~«=^ . .damukj 7 feet long,' tf 1.75 f . IhKead of J2.00, tale price . -
2 The seasons styles in Walking Suits / \^ vaiu l;e ach &!*&& OM.acS
i are determined. Daily arrivals from ' &t%J n«. D.««k qoUi-a- ««rf io«, -1 * H *? } ~
$ New York's best makers show the de- f • • • • ••-.••• * *Bc
i cided preference for those with the long > I 5 °: T ¦** p $2.78 "g*-™- «¦
? tight fitting or blouse coats. Neatness S i&£ Df ™" k Napkins-Fme imoj 34m »ch yard . ...-......: 47c
5 !„ ,1«n!«n onri xt, rt vl,^;«r.K5«. ofvi^fhr -^/^L «*e; new d M »g3 S ; for hemstitching or mono- Tny C'oths— Elegant damask; finely hem-
5 in design and workmanship, strictly <Ju^yA^ «™e embroidery; in««d of tf# eo itched; 20x30 inches; a 75 .cent '
£ man tailored. * \ V%/m\ **.s<>*«en &t.oo ya i ae , now each *+Sc
2» . . . „ . , 1 1 ,¦• , , \ / Jl J Dice Napkins — Finished selvedgei; 20x20 Turkish Towels — Fine bieachsd; — —
J. Walking SuitS, Of b.ue or black Cheviot; COati 32 V/ JUJ ' ine hei; heary twiQ; for hotdi or breakftst the hea^y double thread; each . ] 23C
fc - inches long; lined with satin twi.l; &'§/% €$£jT 4*Q&l'/& use; a 1 1.25 v»lu:; dozen . . . oo G!a.u Toweling— Fine checked linen; o
* unlined kilt skirt; price *$P B *& U *3? KJT .^l^fjT 9oC 18 inches wide; a \z\iz va!u: ; yd MUC
I SlpMPMpi|#S B Good Business Suits SW.OO
j£ just received and very modera'eiy priced st *&*&*&+* p^^^l Emporium Clothing prices are as low as equally good qualities
** Other walking suits of mixtures and IKS I are sold for in any first-class store in America. We guarantee
*£ cheviots, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00, $jo.oo |iffi^|||! ji ';' satisfaction on every purchase or your money back.
JC and upward. 1^1111 % satisfactory, well-wearing, shape-retaining Suit lor ten dollars » what we
* Dress Skirts of black veiling, hips beautifully iwlPPIl wish t0 tCl1 lhc mcn ab ° Ut i0 ' d^' Matcriais «e «rict!y all-wool blue or
5 trimmed with rows of silk bands and faggot- jSKSW 1\\ bl " k 8CrgC$ and chcviots — fanc 7 d»eviot» f csuaimcrcs and worsteds— either
* ing; several circular fo'ds of veiling fall be!ow V MkmMmM^A single or double breasted sack coat; every garment {|»47if?) jfJ^B
6 h : p trimming ard bctrom has two circuar bands of silk fflWvWv*J H\\ perfect fitting and thoroughly tailored; the best ye: for mp B
j; *.*-*.* £**¦.*.. ¦¦¦*t2.so Mgl^^k Street Car Uniforms $15.75
I M ?h7 £7,™' w c t%"° ££l ei ,Z '•dfnttl !im mi < '"°'"°s to 'p^""™ tai r * <\ v ™ d *•*-* of Sin F ™-
it Fancy Engish V«tln 5 ij pricrs, $f.5O, $1.75, ! \W^^ cisco— of 26-ounce, pure woo!, indigo blue flannel, d*$ ET *& g~
K $2m00 f $2i25f$2m50™&u?u>$7m50 &^WMgf$p&z*Z^ trimmed in a first-class manner; the fit guaranteed; only '2*j? H <sJf a £? zj?
•[ 1
6 Smyrna Rugs New Rope Portieres Sale of Pearl Buttons
£ at Cut PriCeS A big consignment of our Fall stock of Rope Portieres, To-day and Thursday 2000 cards of pure white
X We are offering this week four sizes of th- Rug Fringes, Edgings and Gimp has just been unpacked. Pc f rl Buttons, perfect in make and superior
$ very best Smyrna Rugs that are made at s colors and styles, Single Door Ro F es $1.25 fi . nish ' $5zes J 6 ' l8 ' 2O .' " , and . 2+ liDe ' at
£ the lowest prices we have ever known such rugs 5 colors and styles, Single Door Ropes $1.5Q thc c * traordinar y «pe«*l »ale price, Og-m
jf to be sold for. The prettiest and most desirable 4 colors and st/.es, Double Door Ropes . . . . $2.5Q card of " 2 dozen^ ; .>V • " • T» ?;•.'-'.•
J patterns and colorings. 4 colors and styles, Double Door Ropss .... $3.50
J $1.50 Rugs, 18x36 inches, $1.12 4 colors and styles, Double Door Ropes .... $5.00 ifOIV Fall UntlerWSSF*
Jtf $3.00 Rugs, 26x54 inches, $1.82 Heavy double knot Rug Fringe, yard t2}zO «ap*r# Uncf> W\t
f $3.50 RugS, 30x60 inches, $2.65 He.vy sing.c knot Rug Fringe, yard. . tOo ****** nUS»*9S*-Jf
it $5.00 RugS, 36x72 inches. $3.90 Furniture Gimp, 'all colors, yard 3 O Ladies' Jertey ribbed, fast b J ac!c, fleece lined Cotton Eques-
lj m^ «bbb__^^^_^^^^^^^__^_ tr ' ian ''Z" ts » an kk kngth, open; each .... SOO
•>* „ .• . . __ , . __, r~- Ladies* Jersey ribbed, one-half wool Vest3, Pana or Eques-
g GrOCerie&~LiqUOrS MUSgin DraWerS 5 GO tr an Drawer,, perfect b fit and finish; color natural or
*I Wnf/rtncf/^ ?/ otiffl TfiM).crJ5, S / Muslin Drawers of fine material, well made with deep em- T ?*"; •»«««« >«n S tleer«;e.eh . . . . . 7So
t£ WWeUneSUaVanU * nUi SSiaV , ., a , , r , , . _IV, Lades'J:r3:yRbbed, t»x-th:rds wool Vcsrj and Pants;
K , a-, n , n , t m. u , *.« .broidery ruffl: and cluster of 6 tucks; pair. .. QQq vests high necks, long sleeves; pants French bands, ankle
* bars . . . - 43c trimmed in one-row torchon insertion and edged with . *?? , ' ; * : * ' : * ' .' * * ' '. * * 9aMU
» M^.tii. p.»j. r r> xt » c l .. . tTmT v 1 • m~ **. Ladies real Oneita Union Suits, buttoned across chest.
•f "«*>«h Foods-Force, Grape Nut,, Shredded Wheat white lace; pair 59C one-haf wool, natural or cream; per suit . .SLQO
$ BiscuitsandCero Frmto, a pkg, 25O j . Ladies' Jersey ribbed, cotton CorU? Cover, high n«k,
I Kona Coffee-Our Hawauan blend, 1b .. . • We &*-??*& >^ *•-• lon 3 sleeves; th, most eomfbttaUe and perfect fitting
K SmaH Wh.te Beans-Best quahtygs lbs. .SOo SS) j[f W*?{ garment made; color white; each ... V . . 500
•f Re si ne, Sauternr, Burgundy or Z'.n'andel, all good ho] - V^A^S e — — ' ' Jr 9 » t j „ * _r m * ¦> \.
J? day wines; for the two days, gallon . . . . . . 6O C IL^P/ S? &ftttt Jyf*t7 1 i i Jffif* H m^° - f "? C ° ttOa
K- /-. ' . i,.i • i r-t. u ii, i j ,i Vffi^r MBA JcL 7 m MM^J it Ja AUS JSJt n£ Hose; the Jamouj "\ ictory brand, of which we are
J Champ.on Wh;skey-That old rel.rble brand, e»m>n M i i B&jiJ 'V 'WWMMX^ the sole own-rs; size, 5 to 9^; pair 25o
* r, urW •; • k, • u ' • *£? 4 ° ! ' 7 ?° CALIFORWA'S M m*^^^^ Ladies' Import-d Herm:dorf Black Cotton Hcse, solid
S iS^^ilS^P^^SflS : 1 » JaSr^M ! black -bleached sole or entire unbreach.d foot high
J White Ube. Stout-McMulIen's; thebesr, do.en $ 1mOO * ' |^»^^S£^^
A. B. C Beer-Th: Bohem ; an; for the two days, doxen ' *P ecial * ale ordered by mail vcry h:gh cci hedj doubItf s^ and spIIcc -
J. pints \ . .$1.38 or telephone will not be sent C. 0. D. s?am;pa'r. . 35c; 3 pairs for . ... .$1.00
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The Disease of Gvilization is
CONSTIPATION
§ The Safest and Quickest Cure
I for this evil is
i Nature's Laxative Water."
I Not an Artificial Preparation.
Relief Comes With the
First Glass.
Always Ask for
HUNYADI JANOS
(Full .Nam:)
If you simply ask for Htm-
yadi Water you may be fan-
| posed upon.
At Manufacturer's Price
J. MABTY, 22 Turk Street.
Factory — 626 Howard Street. Repairing:.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Finns of S. F.
p tirt\j izi Quickly
, Curd. KO FAI5 16 PAGES,
1 - BO SU7TEBIB3.
01 npr y p « r
L>p,i*8t,s. r. ol pill ICaliA few '¦ days**ago' Chamberlain; was ' hboted and
hissed on the streets" of London." * And it has been
a kindness of fate that Obm Paul has lived to know it.
A" gentleman named Thrift, on burglary bent, was
shot and captured in the pursuit of his trade by a
woman in San Jose; How unfortunate it .is that with
a name like his he didn't re'alize that the world
wouldn't permit him to take a speculative chance be
yond the routine of. a slow progress to financial suc
cess. * . ¦•> ¦¦. ; -:' : -' --'.-¦¦:¦ vv-- .-':;.- '- •. '
Mechanics' Institute Holds Meeting.
The regular semi-monthly meeting of
the Mechanics' Institute was held last
night in the assembly room of the asso
ciation. It was devoted to discussing
regular routine work.
Japan has filed with Russia a formal protest against
the delay with which the. White Czar is protecting
his expulsion from" Manchuria. This is distinctly a
new note in the Eastern song of harmony and good
will. It is not long since that Japan wanted to fight
and prepared for battle. Her protest demonstrates
to the rest of us that the fellow who wants to argue
won't fight. - . '',-.
The Del Monte full 18-hole course is in
excellent condition and Is now considered
the finest on the coast. Special fall rates
to Del Monte, ninety-day ticket till Oct.
15, $4 75; Friday till Tuesday, $-t 50; Sunday
excursion, ?3 00. . •
Special Inducement to Golfers.
A gentleman of this city, with a temerity worthy
of his cause, is asking the courts to divorce his wife
because, with a precision unusuaL in her sex, she
threw a carving knife at him and observed with sat
isfaction that it stuck and quivered in his leg. Under
conditions which appear now to prevail the lady
probably regrets that with her accuracy of aim she
didn't nse an'ax.
Complaint has been made that several of the most
important municipal departments of San Francisco
have not yet submitted their reports for the fiscal
year just passed. From what the public knows of
the operation of several of these departments it is
not unreasonable to presume that the reports, if ren
dered, would be an expose which would shock our
community sense of decency.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call,
fornia street. Telephone Main 1013.' . '•
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, tn artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. *
Mr. and Mrs. Max Lewis announce tho
engagement of their daughter Flossie tr»
Benjamin Milford Elser. They will be
at home Sunday afternoon, September 20,
at 1263 Ellis street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerome A. Hart have re
turned to their country place In San Jose.
"Weywolde" must be a pleasant dwelling
place after the distant wanderings of ita
owners.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Comte and family have
closed their country home at Woodside,
San Mateo County, and are located at the
town residence.
Mrs. La Montagne ha3 taken apart
ments at the Hotel Granada for the fall,
after having passed a delightful summer
in Napa County, at the country home of
her mother, Mrs. Darling. , ; -.
• • •
During Mr. Bristol's visit, a renewed in
terest has been taken in the wonderful
Bancroft library on Valencia and Twen
ty-sixth streets, where behind formidable
Iron shutters i» buried the civic and so
cial birth development of California from
ita infancy. This mine of virile matter
has been closed to the public for many
years, and it is sincerely to be hoped that
some day it may become public property.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dewey Bristol of
New York have made a rather extended
visit to San Francisco, having been en
tertained at the home of the Misses Bris
tol, at 721 Turk street. Mr. Bristol has
been for many years the representative in
New York of the Bancrort publications.
The visitors will terminate their stay the
last of the week. . •
. . •
A partial report was made yesterday
by tne Federal Grand Jury, in which the
announcement was made that they had
Ignored the charges against William E.
Vaughn and Samuel R. Patterson, tho
former accused of having mailed an ob
ccene letter to a person in Los Angele3
and the latter of having stolen seven
yards of cloth from P. R. Bruce on the
high seas. The jury win reassemble on
Friday.
the marriage was a very happy denoue
ment of a very happy courtship.
Mr. White, while a Southerner, practices
his profession In Washington, and thus
will his charming wife participate in the
social gayeties of the national capital.
Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan and Miss Phelan
¦went East a month ago In order to asist
at the wedding.
Federal Grand Jury Report
The Westminster Gazette says: "All old season's
jams have gone up twopence a jar, and the new sea
son's is half as dear again as it was this time last
year, and the prices are rising. Lucky the house- ;
keeper who lays in a store at once, for there are dark
hints abroad about the future supply — extraordinary
prices are prophesied."
Jams and jellies are not the only delicacies of the
kingdom in which there will be a shortage by reason
of the heavy rains. A British rural paper, "Country
Life," says: "Of those who have suffered most from
the excessive moisture of the year the bee master has
the strongest grounds of complaint- In the south
every, show of blossom on which the apiarian rests
his hopes -appeared, only to be drenched and de
stfoyed with new showers of rain. Near the moors,
where a second harvest is expected from the"neather,
things are still worse."
In the face of the losses thus inflicted by the heavy
rains to which the islands are liable at every
season, the present high price of fruit is encouraging
many laud-owners to undertake the plantation of fur
ther orchards. One authority says: "The industry is
being extended, and planters are paying more atten
tion, to the claims of dwarf trees and"salable kinds.
The demand for choice fruit in the wholesale markets
throughout the United Kingdom is limitless, and at
excellent prices. I calculate th; t the financial re
ceipts from British fruit farms range from £3,000,000
to £6,000,000 a year. The smaUness of the total is
due to the fact that the poor returns from the almost
countless numbers of useless trees which Jncumber
the ground tell upon the average." v *- •
It is of course natural the British jam-eater should
look t<~. the orchards of his own country to furnish
the fruit from which the. delicacy is made, but he
would be wiser to look to California. With a better
transportation system and with more equitable rates
for hauling across the continent California could fur
nish the British market with a sure supply of fruit,
cheaper than it can be produced in England and of
a much better grade. Sir Thomas Lipton is now in
this country on a yachting expedition, but before he
goes home he would do well to come to California
and study the probable profits that would result from
establishing here a manufacturing plant for putting
up every kind of fruit preserve his British public de
mands. It is the safest source of supply, and will as
sure the Briton of jam, for breakfast no matter how
the rains may pour down upon his native island.
LONDON papers in dealing with the recent in
crease in the price of jam, a serious question in
Great Britain, do not attribute it to any ar
bitrary action on the part of Sir Thomas Lipton or
of any combination of manufacturers of fruit con
serves; but to the well nigh universal shortage in the
supply of fruits out of which jams are made. The
shortage of the crops is due to excessive moisture
which appears to have affected all parts of the British
Islands and a considerable part of the Continent.
BRITAIN AND HER JAM.
Yesterday was the busiest of the year
in the Custom-house, the receipts being
PS 000 whereas the usual day's receipts
seldom exceed $15,000. The getting out of
"general orders" for the Chung Wo and
the Hongkong Maru, and the settling of
duties on the cargoes of the same caused
considerable additional labor. Acting Col
lector Hamilton abdicated his thro:o on
tho third floor and took his Special Dep
uty desk on the second floor and lent a
hand in the work. Cashier Perkins kept
his office open until 3:J3 p. rn. to accom
modate the brokers, and every clerk in
the Custom-house was impressed into ser
vice.
Heavy Day in Custom-House.
The people of Illinois appear to be utterly lacking
in a sense of the spectacular. The authorities of the
State are meeting with complete failure in their
efforts to secure man hunters to capture a desperate
murderer. Let California's glorious example be made
kyown. Turn out the militia, let the bands play to
the accompanying cheers of men and the lan
guishingsmiies of women. Give everybody a thrill,
and if Illinois bad men are like California bad men
they won't mind it in the least, but will pursue the
even tenor of their murderous way.
A wedding that means much to Califor
nia took, place the first week of this
month at the country place of James J.
Phelan in New Jersey. The bride was
Miss Georgia Sullivan, the winsome sister
of Mrs. Rudolph B. Spence, Mrs. Reginald
White, Miss Adah Sullivan and Miss Fan
nie Sullivan and Mrs. Turner.
The young lady went East three years
ago to pursue vocal studies, and while a
guest at the home of Mrs. Turner Sr., in
Washirgton, met Lewis White, a Ken
tuckian barrister, and forthwith the
daughter of the West and the son of the
South were mutually attracted. Those
who know the young people assert that
The Laurel Hall Club will entertain it3
members and friends to-day at 3 p. m. by
a timely lecture by Charles Keeler of
Berkeley upon "Opportunities of Beauti
fying San Francisco." Coming, as it does,
almost upon the eve of the bond issue
election, wide interest attaches to the
subject. Surely few are better fitted by
education or temperament to discuss the
subject than Mr. Keeler. who not only
sees things in his travels, but who can
tell what he sees. Mrs. Thomas W. Col
lins, who since the club's organization
has contributed liberally to the entertain
ment of the members, is to talk upon
"An Alaskan Outing." *¦„ ,:'
•¦'-^•; .--¦ • • •
• • •
The Women's Press Association held its
first meeting on Monday afternoon at
Century Hall and the excellent attendance
bespoke the value of a period of summer
inactivity. The club ha3 outlined many
interesting afternoons for the entertain
ment of its members and friends, the first
of which takes place on September 23.
The absence of the president, Mrs. Flor
ence Percy Matheson, i3 much regretted.
but her efficient corps of officers is doing
excellent work in the matter of stimulat
ing interest in the club's doings. It has
been facetiously said by the cynics that
in prd«r to become a member of the W o
men's Press Club one shall not be a. wri
ter, but a perusal of the roster eliminates
any such accusation from the domain of
truth. Mrs. Matheson will return from
New York next month, when her visit to
her mother, Mrs. Akers (the author of the
poem "Rock Me to Sleep, Mother") will
have terminated.
A wedding of much interest will take
place to-day in the picturesque town of
Woodland, when Miss Loui3e Stevens will
wed Dr. M. W. Plummer of San Fran
cisco. . „,
The Rev. O. P. Shrout of "Woodland will
perform the ceremony, which will be wit
nessed only by the immediate relatives.
The families cf both bride and groom
are among the oldest and most esteemed
in their respective communities, the fatn
er of the groom, the late Dr. R. W. Plum
mer, being affectionately remembered by
hosts' of old families in San Francisco as
physician and friend. The family of the
bride has been identified with the prog
ress of the Sacramento Valley for many
years, and the loss to domestic social cir
cles of so charming a member will be
keenly felt. The prospective bride • is
statuesque in figure, of intellectual bent
and possessed of the culture and poise
that is developed by travel.
The groom resides at the Hotel Pleas
anton. but the future residence of the
couple is as yet undetermined.
The California Club met yesterday aft
ernoon at its room in the Y. M. C. A.
building to listen to an entertaining ad
dress upon "The Need of Pictures to Our
Public Schools." by Mrs. W. A. Maddern.
The necessity of developing the artistic
sense in children was effectively discussed
and the best method to obtain desirable
results was decided to be through the
medium of wholesome, artistic pictures.
The members gathered in the f ulb pano
ply of new fall gowns, and a delightful
aftermath in the tearoom followed. Mrs.
George Law Smith presided with her us
ual grace and led in the reception of
members and gu/sts when the gavel was
laid aside for the teacup- For -earnestness
of purpose and unity of spirit the club
as it now stands is an exemplar of per
pect organization. j
Next Tuesday the day will be given over
to the president. It wlllbe In the nature
of an informal reception, and It Is a safe
prediction that no able-bodied member
will fall to greet Mrs. Smith in the man
ner befitting her exceptional work of con
ciliation and organization.
At high noon yesterday Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst gave Into the keeping of Dr. Jo
seph Marshall Flint her favorite niece,
Miss Anne Apperson. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. N. S. Gallwey in
the presence of seventy-five guests, many
of whom journeyed from the East to
witness the happy event. The maid of
honor. Miss Ella Woolworth, was a
schoolmate of the bride in New York.
F. R. S. Balfour officiated as best man.
Hacienda del Pozo de Verona is well
adapted for impressive ceremonies and in
its spacious dining hall an elaborate
breakfast was served. In the afternoon
the young couple left for Wyntoon, Mrs.
Hearsfs charming home on the McCloud
River. Here in this ideal spot the honey
moon will be passed.
Second — Now as to the simplicity and rea
sonableness of the American system. The
children are first taught to sing the major
scale, applying the syllables, do, re, mi, etc.,
as above. This practice is for the purpose of
establishing the relationship of the tones of
the scale as to the intervals, including larger
Intervals of ¦which chords are composed. Thin
Is of paramount importance. Jt is the founda
tion work for mental training, to think the
tones, to know the exact pitch of any tone
reckoned from the ionic or one. With this sort
of practice it becomes very easy to change
the key by establishing (mentally) any pitch
or tone as the tonic, from which the singers
proceed with ease, accuracy and success.
After having learned the order of scale in
tervals, "starting with do (do, re, ml. etc.). -It
is, indeed, very difficult to pass over the game
ord^r of Interval* (whole steps and half steps)
with the syllables re ml fa. mi fa »ol. etc.
It ia tedious. illoKical and inconsistent. It is
like learning another language or another
alphabet. If the fixed Vdo" is to be the sys
tem the "do" and all of the other syllables
should be eliminated, as they are .tnincum
brance, a burden and a stumbling biock, and
the attention should be given entirely to in
tervals, os from C to D (a whole " steo or
major second). D to K, the same; C sharp
to I> (a half-step or minor second), etc.. which
is not elementary or primary, but belongs to
more advanced steps in a course of sight
Pinging, such as 13 most suitable and de
manded in the public schools.
If is difficult for those wno have learned
to ying the scale by the usual syllables to
dissociate the syllables from the scale tones
and the more surely this Is established — a
fixed fact— the better sight readers we shall
have among the singers who come from the
public school*. Again, such a system should
be taught that will, as a consequence. Implant
in the mind and musical sense melodic ideas.
For instance, do re mi fa. as a melody,
does not produce the same effect, melodlcally
or harmonically, as sol latl do, and yet the
interval are the same. The first suggest
movement or unrest, and the second repose.
The American system establishes this to a
certainty. The ' "fixed do" would be all right
if absolute pitch were to be learned, but
that is Impracticable. The game would not
pay for the powder. School life Is too short.
In this connection 1 must adviae those who
teach music in the public schools against the
too common practice of rote singing. It is
a waste of t'me and money, for It does not
teach intervals, the relationship of tones in
the scale nor the melodic idea, as aforesaid.
Furthermore., it Is a waste of time to teach
the tonic-sol-fa notation because It is ephe
meral, while the staff notation Is universal —
ag s "written language." School directors
should be wise enough to appreciate this point.
Not one system of reading for children and
another for adults. Mr. Roncovierl says: "No
"one who champions the (movable <2o> system
has ever done anything in mus.ic.that has
been heard of, while of those who stick
to the old-established method have climbed
to the top of the ladder in the musical world."
I understand that he means any "'movable do"
system. If so his information is painfully
limited, as there are thousands of them In this
country, from before Lowell Mason's time to
the present. ' and they have be*n the real
musical educators of the people. To them be
longs the credit of advancing the cause and
a knowledge of music at a rapid pace. They
have laid a good and abiding foundation upon
which the musical structure is gradually and
surely being erected.
Again he says: "It is a complex method."
Not so. It is the simplest method ever de
vised or system ever formulated. The "fixed
do" ia superlatively complex — the clow coach,
lumbering system of. the distant post. It has
no place in these times of creat speed, rapid
progress and quick conclusions. But to fritter
away time, even In the primary grades of
our public schools, with the ton'.c-sol-fa no
tation is the pinnacle of folly. It is teaching
two written languages, or musical notations,
when one (the staff) answers the best and
every purpose -for the pictorial representation
of music. This subject is of vital moment and
should be thoroughly studied and wisely acted
upon by Boards of Education, supervisors of
music and those who are entrusts with the
teaching of sight singing In our public schools.
H. S. PERKINS.
The history of the -"fixed do," when coming
in competition with the "movable do," has
always bten that the former takes a back
seat or retires. And why? Because It is slow,
tedious and lumbering. It la like a Mexican
cart compared with an American vehicle con
structed for a similar purpose. The Yankee,
go-ahead idea will not tolerate any slow,
tedious process when a shorter cut can be
made with equally as good or better results.
We do not progress backward. The "tonic
pol-fa" system, which the article says Miss
Carpenter introduced into the San Francisco
schools, is the American method in so far as
the tonic or one of the major scale Is always
"do," and one of the minor (the related
minor) is always "la." That is all. The no
tation (without the staff) is the objectionable
feature and its life will be short and sectional
in this country.
Miss Glover, a school teacher in England,
first introduced it there for the purpose of
having an easier, simpler and more successful
means of teaching .the school children than
the "fixed do" In the Government schools- un
der the general superlntendency of John Hul
lah. She had sufficient genius to discover that
it was much easier, more logical and sys
tematic to sing the scale In every major key
just the same, thus: Do, re. ml, fa. sol. la. tl,
do. Hev. • John Curwin, also a philosopher,
logician and educational expert, formulated the
scheme of Miss Glover and introduced it into
the schools of England, where It has almost
entirely supplanted the fixed do.
When in London several years ago It was
my privilege to listen to an exposition of the
two methods in the public schools in company
¦with the two Kreat leaders. Mullah and Cur
win; also to great demonstrations at the
Crystal Palace. The. tonic sol-fa-ists were
by far the better sight singers or readers.
Mr. Curwin, however, stated that he should
have introduced the American system — the
movable do, with the staff notation — had he
been familiar with it.
Dr. Perkins, whose communication on
the "Sliding Do" appears below, 13 director
of the Chicago National College of Music.
He is a well-known editor of church
music, and has always taken great in
terest in teaching music in the public
schools. He has been well known as a
musical critic for more than a quarter of
a century. He was for fifteen years
president of the Illinois State Music
Teachers' Association and many years
the secretary of the National Association.
His communication on a topic of local in
terest is as follows:
CHICAGO. Sept. 8. 1903.
Editor San Francisco Call: In the August
24 Issue of an evening newspaper of your city
I have read a dissertation upon the "Sliding
Do," which is an exposition of the views en
tertained by Mr. Roncovlerl. one of your
public School Directors. In Its relation to the
teaching of singing or "sol-fa-In*." The ar
gument, text or declaration is put In the form
of an interrogation, thus:
"Shall the note 'do" as used by singers re
main stuck hard and fast on the" first line
below the staff at C. or shall it go sliding
up and down the scale at the pleasure of
whatever key the singer desires to pitch the
tune?"
If the concensus of public opinion were to
settle the question the decision would be In
favor of the "sliding do," especially from
singing class teachers and those who read vo
cal music at sight or without the aid of an
instrument. Although this matter baa been
thrashed over many timea and as many times
settled in this country. th«re is a small minor
ity In favor of tfcs "fixed do." This ques
tion, however, being of public interest I desire
to rewly, and must take issue with Mr. Ron
covierl. . ;-'
First, the "fixed do" Is a foreigner and the
"movable do" la an American. That settles
the question. If not the controversy. It has
been settled in this country for over one hun
dred years. If it were true that the rank and
fll3 of singers in Eastern countries, including
Italy, are as good sight readers as Americans
who have studied singing from the movable
do method it would not ¦ be a sufficient rea
son for changing the American system and
substituting the foreign. It will not be
changed any more than our republican form
of government will be changed to monarchical.
A few teachers 'may advocate the "fixed do,
and, possibly, a few cities may adopt it. San
Francisco may be one of them, but it will
have a short life.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Sept. 13.— Dr. Iv
roy Anderson, the director of the State
Polytechnic School here, announces that
owing to some delays in the completion of
the buildings the school will not be able
to open for students upon the date fixed
for the opening, September 13, but that
the date for the opening ha3 been post
poned until September 30. The contract
ors are finishing their work as rapidly as
possible and It 13 confidently expected
that the school will be ready to receive
pupils September 30. However. It la not
expected that the recitation building will
be fully completed at that date, but a
number of the rooms will be ready for
occupancy at the time set and the dor
mitory will be ready for students.
Applications for admission are being
daily received and the school will start
under the most favorable auspices. It
Is understood that the curriculum as ar
ranged is quite comprehensive. Besides
instruction in th© academic branches,
training will be given in the arts and sci
ences which deal peculiarly with the Ufa
of the home, the farm, the orchard, the
dairy and the shop.
The school is not desljned, to occupy
a place in the regular school system of
the State as that system U generally un
derstood. Its course of study is arrang
ed solely in view of the needs of the boy
or girl who is going to earn a livelihood,
after eompletins «" course and prepare
them for industrial life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUBLIC UTILITY ' BONDS.
THE TERRIBLE TURK.
EVERY ONE will concede that if public utilities
are to pass into public ownership and adminis
tration they should be in every way safe- :
guarded to secure honest, economical business man
agement. Such management is impossible when the
consequences of a lack of it can be concealed by
merging the business with the purely political part
of government. . . - *
Herbert Spencer, the English philosopher whose
works have for forty years formed and directed hu
man thought in the great affairs of life, says: "Of
ficialism is habitually slow. When non-governmental
agencies arc dilatory the public has its remedy; it
ceases to employ them and soon finds quicker ones.
Under this discipline all private bodies are taught
promptness. But for delays in public business there
is no such easy cure. Officialism is extravagant.
Public agencies are subject to no such influence as
that which obliges private enterprise to be economi
cal. Traders and mercantile bodies succeed by ( serv
ing society cheaply. Such of them as cannot do this
are continually supplanted by those who can. They
cannot saddle the nation with the result of their
extravagance, and so are prevented from being ex
travagant."
These philosophical principles apply everywhere
to the attempt of government to go into business.
The Gas and Electric Light Commission of Massa
chusetts reports: "Eighteen cities in Massachusetts
own and operate their lighting plants. Of these fif
teen are electric plants only, and three operate gas
and electricity. The expenses of these eighteen
cities in operating their plants for the year ending
June 30, 1900, were $148,364 21 greater than their in
come, and that sum was charged in the taxes to the
cost of street lighting. The balance-sheet of the
lighting plants of these eighteen cities showed a de
ficit for the year of $157,641 25."
Yet when the people of those cities were being
urged to have them go into the business of selling
light they were lured by the promise of great cheap
ness and great profit. In the case of most of them
it is probably true that the taxpayers would be in ig
norance of the loss in the business charged to them
as taxes were they not informed by the State com
mission. The bonds issued to acquire the lighting
plants were made liens upon the taxpayers, who pay
interest and principal and make up also the deficits
due to wasteful public management. When the city
of Worcester was urged to go into the lighting busi
ness a committee of experts examined the results in'
the other towns which are in that business. The
finding was that under public ownership the cost
of light to the citizens averaged twice as much as
under private ownership. But part of it they paid
as ratepayers and part as taxpayers, and the latter
was concealed in their general tax receipt, and they
were robbed by public ownership without being
able to detect it.
Turn where one will the story is the same, and it
admonishes the people of this city and Oakland to go
slowly and wisely in entering into a scheme of public
ownership. It is useless to say that here the policy
will succeed under conditions that have been present
in Its failure everywhere else. We can at least start
right by voting down all propositions to make pub
lic utility bonds, a Hen on the city and insisting that
they shall te Jie.ns only on the plant that they create,
and that all such plants shall support themselves and
no deficit? shall be charged off to the taxpayers or
paid out of the general fund. \
If the Geary-street Railroad will pay its cost and
expenses its bonds need not be a lien on the city,
for it can carry them. If it cannot be so operated
«$ to pay its cost and expense of operating, the defi
cit should not be charged off to the taxpayers, but
should be met by an increase in fares paid by those
who patronize it. That is the business way to run
business, whether by public or private agencies, and
so far no valid objection to it has been suggested by
the advocates of public ownership. If they believe
that public utilities can be run cheaper, better and
more profitably by the city, they should be eager to
prove it by basing the funds on the plant and keep
ing the business separate, so that it can prove with
out doubt the superior virtue of public ownership.
A San Diego man who was on trial recently for
murder presented in his defense the fact that the
man he killed had six notches in his gun and was
feared as a very bad man. What a change has come
over the spirit of California life. The time "was when
a man with only six notches in his gun had yet to
learn the gentle art of murder in the wild and
woolly West.
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE.
In the approaching election in New York both
Democrats and Republicans have united upon one
man for re-election to his position, as a member of
the Court of Appeals, thus insuring the continuance
of his sen-ice to the State. It is seldom that in this
manner American politics subordinates itself to prin
ciple and in doing so exalts and dignifies its appeal
to partisans.
Several Montana robbers attempted recently to
carry off a safe and failed. They have evidently neg
lected a very necessary apprenticeship in their pro
fession. A short residence in California will convince
them that the theft of a hot stove is no more un
usual than the j rifling of the quarters of the police in
the Hall of Justice, and both are accepted as ordinary
incidents of the art of pilfering. It requires in Cali
fornia the theft of an entire town, as was done re
cently in Alameda County, to excite even the cu
riosity of observers.
THE Turk has a bad name, but it is as well not
to accuse him of sucking eggs on insufficient
testimony. The daily reports sent through va
rious news channels of wholesale slaughter and moun
tain sides slippery with the blood of the innocent may
be taken with caution. In the beginning of the pres
ent revolution the Christians burned some Mahome
tan mosques full of worshiping followers of the
Prophet, and no doubt there have been retaliations.
All revolutions exalt the imagination and are at
tended by reports of remarkable atrocities. One
needs but to go back to the tales and fables told by
both sides during our Civil War to appreciate this.
The world has become accustomed to stories about
the inhumanity of the Turks and their fanatical
hatred of Christian?. But the fact is that there are
many Christian Turks and many of them have held
high places in the government and confidence of the
Sultan. He has been represented here by a Minister
'.vho was a Christian, and until this country puts in
such high places some of the able Chinese Buddhists
end Confucians who are our fellow citizens it is not
in order to gird at the ugly man of Stamboul.
A few years ago we were much excited over the
Armenian massacres. Daily reports were made of
the number slain. Our Congress got excited, and
one Senator made an impassioned attack on Presi
dent Cleveland because he did not send our navy
"into the Golden Horn to throw hot shot through
the grand Seraglio.-' • Finally one gentleman, who
had a turn for mathematics and statistics, collected
the reports of slaughter, and, putting them together,
discovered that, according to them, the whole pop
ulation of Armenia had been exterminated ten times.
The news makers had reported the murder of ten
times- as many people a» were in the country. So
it appeared that every Armenian had been killed ten
times, slaughtered, butchered and done away with
ten times. Yet that more than cat-like population
seems to be alive and active to-day and able to burn
mosques and roast Mahometans to a turn. It
is said that Government officials so well understand
the capacity of the correspondents for murdering
Christians in their imagination that they keep their
own bureaus of information and are able to properly
discount the number slaughtered by telegraph.
It is no doubt true that a good many people are
getting killed. That is a common and, let us admit,
a necessary feature in revolutions. Turk and Chris
tian go down in a common fate, and the ex-bandits
who have been transformed into Christian revolu
tionists are no amateurs at butchery. It is probable
that dishonors are ea=y. No one would object to the
success of the revolution. If Bulgaria and Servia
would join and make a combined attack on the Turk
he would find his hands full, and the woman slayers
of Belgrade would find a congenial occupation.
The whole matter is a revolution, as. much so as
the French revolution of 1793, and so far much less
bloody than the Reign of Terror. American interest
in it is limited to the protection of our nationals who
may be in the zone of disturbance". If we doathis, and
otherwise keep cool and drive in the middle of the
road, our full duty is discharged. We have no mis
fion to convert the world, drive t.ie Turk into Asia
or do any of the extraordinary things demanded of
our Government by the excited people who think
that the criminality of an act exists only in the re
ligion professed by the actor.
DESPITE reports from time to time that the
United States Commission on International
. Exchange has had but little success in Eu
rope, it appears there has been accomplished about
as much as the Commissioners hoped for, and that
the prospects of permanent good resulting from the
various international conferences are decidedly
bright. In fact, Commissioner Jenks in a recent let
ter on the subject says: "The mission has been en
tirely successful."
Reports of failure on the part of the commission
were due to a misapprehension of its purpose. It
was generally believed to have for its object the for
mation, of an agreement among the powers to "do
something for silver." No such object, however, was
entertained. Commissioner Jenks says: "The pri
mary purpose of the Commission on International
Exchange has been to promote the extension of the
gold standard to China and other silver-using coun
tries. It has been in this sense distinctively a gold
commission rather than a silver commission."
The 'republic of Mexico, while preparing to put
her own currency on the gold basis, thought proper
to ask other silver-using countries to join her in the
lask. Most of such countries are in a position to
act for themselves, but in the case of China it was
recognized that outside influence would have to be
brought to bear. Had any single power undertaken
to reorganize Chinese finance the jealousy of other
powers would have been aroused and serious antag
onism would have interfered with the progress of
the work. It was, then, for the purpose of' clearing
the way of diplomatic obstacles that the Commission
on International Exchange decided to confer with
the powers of Europe. . ¦ • '¦ '"-¦ • <."» vs.
The time is propitious for a movement toward put
ting China on a gold basis because of the fact that no
less than three nations are now introducing the gold
standard into' their dependencies in the Orient, and
considerable progress has been made by each. Our
own Government has provided. for the currency of
the Philippines, Great Britain has taken preliminary
steps for carrying out the reform programme in the
Straits Settlements, and France has done the same
for her possessions in Indo-China. With these
SINGING BY
SIGHT IN THE
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
INTERESTING
WEDDING HELD
AT HACIENDA
POLYTECHNIC ,;
SCHOOL IN SOUTH
IS COMPLETED
movements going on around her it is certainly de
sirable that the coinage 'of China be brought into
harmonious relations with the currency of other
countries. •
In reviewing the work of .the commission Mr.
Jenks says: "The advantages of the plan are so ob
vious that the European powers when consulted have
one and all agreed that the establishment of the
gold standard in China is desirable and practicable.
The mission of the Mexican and American commis
sions has been entirely successful. It is only one
step, but an important one, toward dowering China
with the gold standard of other civilized nations.
The methods by which the gold standard is to be
introduced may be subject of some difference? of
opinion. It is not possible in the space assigned to
this note to discuss them all in detail. It is sufficient
to say that the method proposed has been in suc
cessful operation for twenty years in the Netherlands
and the island of Java; was introduced into British
India in 1897, and has recently been sanctioned by
the Congress of the United States for the Philippine
Islands. * * * In the Philippines and in China
it has been felt that it would not be practicable to
introduce a large gold circulation, because wages
range from ten to twenty cents a day in gold, and a
sovereign or a five-dollar gold piece would repre
sent nearly the earnings of a month. The subdivi
sions of transactions are so minute that a large use
of silver is necessary. That silver it is proposed to
maintain at a gold parity by maintaining a gold re
demption fund in the manner proved best by the ex
perience of other gold standard countries."
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY.: SEPTEMBER. 16. 1903.
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 16, 1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '
fc dress All Communication* to W. S. LEAK& /*°"°j !l * r ' i
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Market and Third. S. F. ,
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to S2t Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts. |
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms ty Mall. Including- Postage (Cash With Order):
DA1LT CALL OaehiSlr* Sunday), one year. ...i $8.OO
DAILY (TALL Cncludln* Funday). « rooatln 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ;....TBe
SUNDAY CALL. Om Year 2- 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Ye*r *»OO
f Dally... f8.8O Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE) i Sunday.. 4.1O Per Year Extra
I Weei'.y.. l.OO J»— ""ear Extra
All I*o«tma«ters are artnorlieO" ~to*"it-cetTO
subscriptions.
Eanpl* copies will be forwarded when, requested.
UaU cubacrtben In orderlns cbacr* of address shcmM b«
paxtic&Ux to girt both NEW AND OLD ADDBESS In order
tc insure a prompt and correct eomplianca *rltl» their request
OAKLAAD OFFICE.
S1X8 Uroadtrajr '.Telephone Main 1OS3
BEHKELEV OFFICE.
tl<8 Center Street Telephone Worth 77
C. GEORGE KltOGXESS, Mnnmeer Foreign AdTer
vlolnsr. Blarquette Btxtldlnc;, Chicago.
(Lcce Distance Telephone "Central 2619.").
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
1I0RT05 E. CKAAE 14OO G Street, W. TV.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEFHE5 B. SMITH SO Tribune Balldlnff
KEW TORE CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Mcrray HIU Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Trcmoct House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
ccf.I 9:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open unt'.l 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 015 Larkin. open until
t:80 o'clock, 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 8 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
epen until !> o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Article!* that will make '
Money for you.
'Why Americans
Are more ' nnceesnfal
than Drltons. -
>^.By John ' Foster Fraser.
First of , a series of the cent
Contemporaneous Thought
: by -world-famous
men besrtns
Xext Sunday Call.
Every Shape and Style for $2.50
You know our reputation for giving the best clothing
values in San Francisco. Do you know that we sell hats on a
par with clothing as far as value goes? We don't make the hats
as we do the clothes, but we buy them direct from the makers
and sell at so close a margin that the profit would not insure the
continuance of an exclusive store.
We, have good hats at $2.50 in Derbys, v Fedoras, Dunlap
Crushers, Graecos, Tourists, Columbias and Three-in-Ones.
The colors comprise all the popular shades of the season.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
SN\VoOD&fl)
740 Market StreetCaptain George "Washington Ruthers, U.
S. A., intends to contest the suit to an
nul his marriage brought by his wife,
Gladys Gray Dorsey Ruthers. S. S. Spll
man, his attorney, filed an appearance for
him yesterday. Mrs. Ruthers is the
daughter of Attorney John Webster Dor
sey and Mattie Brinkerhoff Dorsey, whose
matrimonial troubles were aired in the
courts just a few weeks prior to her mar
riage to the army officer. It was a run
away match, and was followed by a trip
to the Orient. Mrs. Ruthers returned
alone a few months after the marriage
and instituted annulment proceedings,
claiming that when she married Ruthers
she was under age and had not secured
the consent of her parents.
Suits for divorce were also filed by Dan
iel Hawley against Lottie Hawley for de
sertion, Augusta McCormlck against John
F. McCormick for' desertion, Alice Ben
jamin against Louis Benjamin for neglect
and Lizzie Shepard against George H.
Shepard for cruelty.
Divorces were granted to Sara Soracco
from F. W. Soracco for cruelty, Charles
T. Quirey from Mary Quirey for deser
tion, Lucia Jenkins from John . C. Jen
kins for desertion, Frank S. Gray from
Mattle Gray for desertion, Sarah E. Gary
from Edward E. Gary for neglect and
Mary J. Smith from George S. Smith for
neglect.
Alphonse Smith, a machinist, residing at
2631 Harrison street, is being sued for di
vorce by Catherine Smith on the ground
of cruelty. Smith's appetite seems to be
the cause of their marital unhappiness.
Mrs. Smith says that he is a "good eater"
and demands that his table be abundant
ly supplied with all the delicacies of the
season. She claims that she has always
endeavored to cater to his likes and dis
likes in the food line, but somehow fails
to please him. She says he abuses her
and accuses her of extravagance.
Captain Theodore .Schmolholz, for many
years a prominent member of the Na
tional Guard of California, appeared in
Judge Troutt's court yesterday, carrylns
a baseball bat, a number of sticks of
wood and a torn and tattered picture of
himself in full regimentals. He was the
defendant in a suit for divorce brought
by Sophie Schmolholz, and the bat, the
picture and the sticks of wood were In
tended by him to serve as mute evidence
of the tyranny and cruelty of his wife.
They were accepted as evidence and duly
marked defendant's exhibits A, B and C.
They did not serve their purpose, how
ever, for Mrs. Schmolholz outflanked the
captain and backed by the testimony of
her children by two former marriages,
that of a child bom to her since her mar
riage to the militiaman and of several
neighbors, proved Schmolholz to have
been the cruel one. Judge Troutt award
ed her a decree. The Schmolholz home
has been »t 425 Preclta avenue.
Thomas Kruslc, who was married to
Nellie C. Kruslc at San Jose in 1895, Is
seeking a divorce on the ground of cru
elty, alleging that his wife once attacked
him with a pair of shears. He says she
has also frequently told him that she de
sired to marry another man.
Cruelty is alleged in the complaint filed
by John Peterson against Pauline Peter
son. He alleges that he has been abused
in a -shameful manner by her at least
twice a week during the last two months
and that one night last month she struck
him with a bottle and threw three glasses
at him. They were married in Arizona
In 1899.
Gets Divorce Despite Exhibit
of Domestic Weapons by
Husband.
Testimony Wins the
Day for Mrs. Captain
Schmolholz.
MUTE EVIDENCE
IS OF NO AVAIL
Matthew J. Butler and John Foran,
who are accused of having broken into
Thomas Comisky's saloon at 334 Third
street early Monday morning, appeared
before Police Judge Fritz yesterday. They
were instructed as to their rights and the
case continued till to-morrow, as a com
plaint had not yet been sworn to by Co
misky. . s~
Accused Burglars in Court.
Most of the COO who have filed on claims
and not yet proved up will offer their
proof and pay their money, relying on
the former interpretation of the word
••speculation" being continued in force
EUREKA, Sept. 15.-A recent ruling of
the General Land Office, which, if not re
versed, will practically withdraw all
Government timber land from entry, has
caused great excitement and alarm here
among timber, locators and applicants
and dealers in timber lands.
The department at Washington has giv
i-n a new interpretation to the word
"speculation" in the timber and stone
act cf 1S78 end holds that any one who
takes up a piece of timber land expecting
at any future time to sell it at a profit is
a. speculator within the meaning of the
a.c" and not qualified to purchase. The
only persons who are permitted to pur
chase under the new ruling are those who
will swear they have land in the vicinity
of the timber land sought to be bought
from the Government and that they desire
the timber for personal use. A rancher
who is *o far removed from a mill or
lumber yard that he cannot buy sawed
lumber is the only person who can con
scientiously swear that he needs the tim
ber for personal use. If an applicant
swears that he will manufacture the tim
ber into lumber, expecting to make profit
out of the sale of the lumber, it is held
ihat his purpose is speculation and he is
excluded from the benelits of the timber
and stone act.
The new ruling is not only being applied
to entries upon which final proof has not
yet been made, but over KW patents in
this district alone are now held up in
Washington because the applicants, rely
ing on the decisions of the United States
courts, have stated in their final proofs
that at tome future time they might sell
their claims at a profit, or in other words
receive fcr them more than 52 DO per acre,
th# Government price.
LOANS MAY BE LOST.
Husiness men in the community are also
greatly interested in the ruling, though
;hcy have not lileO on claims. Many of
ihern have loaned large sums of money
to persons riling to supply the purchase
price of $400 for each claim. They have
taken mortgages on the land for security.
If patents are refused their security will
be gone and the Government will appro
priate the money. This is felt to be un
just, for it has always been held to be
an entryman's right to mortgage or sell
his claim after proving up so long as
there was nothing- fraudulent in the
transaction. The Government has in its
vaults $200,000 secured from citizens of
Humbcldt County for land which it now
refuses to patent. Over $200,000 in addition
will be paid to the receivers of this land
district for other timber lands within the
next few months-
Srectal Dispatch to The Call.
.Large Sums of Money Loaned to the
Enterprising Owners of Govern
ment Claims Now May
Never Be Repaid.
Why are parties stationed In every district
land office in the United States every day to
take a list of all the filings and provings on
each and every tract involved? Why are they
paying locators and others to get contests up
to test claims and furnishing the necessary
funds to do It? How is it that in many of the
large firms where timber lands are pledged and
hypothecated as security that reports are fur
nished from the land offices every day as to
what has been done? Under whose instruc
tions Is this done, and why Is It that no com
plaint is heard? Or why is it that inspectors
and others do not inspect? Why is It that ln-
Bpectors and special agents 6pend more time In
matters not conducive to good health or good
morals than investigating thp actual facts as
they arise? And they still aro the trusted rep
resentatives of the Government. What is the
reason for it?
Did It not become imperative on the part of
the scrip holders to buy and own parties who.
could assist them in securing lands, and Is not
the contemplated act of the next Congress tlie
reason why the scrip holders are fighting to get
all the land possible? Has not /some seventy
five thousand acres of land been gobbled up in
the Kureka Land Office district In the past
month? Will not one hundred and twenty-five
thousand acres more be gobbled up this month
and is not the effort made to throw out or tie
up each and every claim that can be possibly
upset by hook or crook? It has been truly
stated that no patents are issuing. Why? That
Is the question, and the one who can answer
thin has the key to the situation.
Is it not a fact that this ruling was made for
the exclusive use and benefit of the combination
who own and control the scrip Issued by the
Government?
Is not all the scrip owned and controlled by a
few wealthy concerns, and are not the banks
the depositors of scrip in question? Can you
not find scrip In banks adjacent to every local
land office sent by banks In Chicago, St. Louis,
San Francisco and other large cities? All this
Is perfectly legitimate unless used for collusive
and corrupt purposes.
Every applicant is compelled to answer
these questions on cross-exxamination.
The special agent who is active In holding
up claims in this district is a son of Con
gressman Wade of the Springfield, Mis
souri, district and a protege of Secretary
of the Interior Hitchcock.
The Evening Herald charges the ruling
was made in the interest of the scrip
syndicate,, in the following language:
SYNDICATE ON A GRIDDLE.
Do you Intend to cut the timber on the land
yourself or do you expect to have someone else
cut It, or do you intend to tell the timber?
At the time you made your application for
this timber claim was it your intention to
make use of the timber or stone on the claim
yourself or did you merely intend to purchase
the land for the purpose of selling it again for
a higher price?
Is the land so situated that considering your
occupation, circumstances and conditions in
life, you can make use of the timber and stone
on the land yourself, so as to make it possi
ble or practicable for you to use It for your
own exclusive use and benefit?
Do you own any real estate In the vicinity
of your claim or in this State, and if so, state
where?
Have you any personal use for the timber
or stone on the land?
Whv do vou purchase this tract of land?
How long do you expect to keep the land?
Do you expect to sell the land or the timber
thereon at a profit?
In another part of the letter is the fol
lowing:
"I desire to state that the department
has held large numbers of entries for sus
pension where it was shown in the testi
mony 'that he had no personal use for
either thp land or the timber and that he
exnects to sell the same at a profit,' which
will show you that an entry made for the
purpose of taking the land with a view to
selling it is purely speculation."
The new policy is shown in the follow
ing additional questions now being asked
applicants by special agents:
What do you expect to do with the land and
the timber thereon after you acquire title?
SPECULATION SUSPICIONS.
Office in the timber and stone case feported
on in tbe Susanvtlle, Cal.. land office by epe
cial Agent High, and acted on by such com
missioners as above stated. -.deciding that an
entry must -'not for the sole use of the claim
ant lent for the purpose of selling the tim
ber or land at a profit. Is speculation, should
bf- KuJficlent notice to you, as well as any other
M>.<ial agent that where the testimony jhows
that *uch is the intent of the applicant, said
special agent should report iuch entry for sus
pension or cancellation."
It Is clearly aurarent thjt where a timber
1 entry Is made for the purpose of making profit
out of the same, without the applicant having
any use for th« timber, and that tt Is the pur
pose and Intent of such applicant to sell the
timber, or land in the future, that such an
entry is not made for the benefit of the appli
i cant lent for Xha benefit of anothed party, who
expeeta to use and utilize the timber on the
land- and no entry of that kind is made in
good faith, but without doubt for speculation,
j and it is f - held by the department. ,
Meetings in favor of the bond issue will
take place as follows: Building- Trades
Council, Thursday evening. September 17;
Western Addition Improvement Club,
Franklin Hall, Bush and Fillmore streets,
Friday evening, September 18; North
Beach and Telegraph Hill Improvement
Club Washington Square Hall, Union and
Stockton streets, date to be announced
later, and Mission Park Association. Na
tive Sons' Hall, Seventeenth street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero, Friday
evening, September 18.
Mayor E. E. Schmitz. M. J. Keller. X. B.
Greensfelder, F. C. Selfridce, George Renner,
Ll W. Kins. Walter Mac Arthur, lsidor Gutte,
X. Schlessinper. G. D. Shadburne. Rav. Father
Wyman. A. F. Haraezthy, R. Pakenham, P. II.
McCarthy, I>. A. Rea. Leon Breven, C. A.
Swegert W. N. Well. I. P. Allen, Charles
Alnrrs James P. Booth. Fred T. Knowles,
Lcuis Hertz, Captai'i Otter. B. B. Duncan,
C J. Haas, O. I. Cedron. A. C. Campbell, J.
X. Roache. John B. Bren, L. R. Kehveigh, J.
Maxwell, James O'Connor. W. G. Slater. Thom
as Boyle, H. Mulcrevy. II. L. Schmitz, J. B.
Jones. P. H. Ruddock, Mrs. I. Tillman. Miss
May Brooks. Mrs. 1,. von der Mehden, Miss
Catherine Hittell, Mrs. John Farnham, Miss
T. F. Johnson and Mrs. L. Hertz.
It was decided to appoint a committee
to wage a campaign until the time of
the bond issue election, the committee
to be named by the chair, and its mem
bers to collect funds and send literature
to every voter in the city, requesting sup
port for the entire bond issue.
The name selected for the organization
is the Civic Federation of San Francisco
and its next meeting will be at the call
of the chairman. Thirty-three improve
ment clubs and civic organizations were
represented last evening by the following
named:
Those who took part in the discussion
were Mayor Schmitz, M. J. Keller. N. B.
Greensfelder, Walter Macarthur. Miss
Catherine Hittell, F. C. Selfridge, George
Alpers, John B. Bren, H. Mulcrevy,
George Renner, Rev. Father Wyman, W.
M. Weil, lsidor Gutte and Mrs. C. Till
man.
Representatives of the various Improve
ment clubs and civic organizations held
a conference last evening in the Super
visors' chamber in the City Hall to take
steps to indorse the bond issue for public
improvements on which tbe citizens will
vote on September 29.
Mayor Schmitz called the meeting to
order and M. J. Keiler was elected chair
man, C. F. Jones being selected as sec
retary.
While some of the speakers were In fa
vor of only certain of the improvements
for which bonds are to be voted on, the
general opinion was that the entire bond
issue should be supported. All the speak
ers were unanimous in declaring for a
bond issue for a new city hospital,
schools and sewer system. Others
thought that while these improvements
were needed as soon as possible, new
parks and a public library might be class
ed as luxuries and their establishment
could be postponed for a time.
The position of the department on the
question is clearly shown by the following
extract from a letter from the special
agent at Roseburg having charge of Cali
fornia and Oregon to Special Agent M. A.
O'Conor:
It is the duty of a epeclal airent of the Gen
eral Land Office to follow strictly the actions
of the department, and the decisions of the
honorable Com mi p? loners of the General Land
The first person who has been made to
feel the consequences of the ruling is
Mrs. Eunice J. Seidell of Arcata, Cal. She
proved up on her timber claim on August
29. She swore that she took the land for
her own exclusive use and benefit and
would nay for it with the money she had
received from her father as a Christmas
present last year. Her proof was a good
one and no taint of fraud could be sus
pected. Special Agent Wade cross-exam
ined her and won from her the admission
that =he had no present use for the land
or for the timber growing on it. She ad
mitted she would sell itvsome nme in the
future if she could do so to her own pro
fit. This. Special Agent Wade held to be
a speculative entry, contrary to law, and
asked that it be held up. It was done and
the proofs were sent to Washington ask
ing for a ruling or decision on the points
raised. When the ruling comes the local
officers must be governed by it, whether
it deprives the entryman of the benefits
given him by the timber and stone act or
not. until the courts decide what "specu
lation" means as used in the act— whether
the Interpretation that has governed for
twenty-five years or the new interpreta
tion is the correct one.
WOMAN AND THE LAW.
That is the plain, flat oath every per
pon has taken but it was never before
held by th<? Ge'neral Land Office that the
words "exclusive use and benefit" could
be construed to mean that a person could
not reap the benefit of his claim by at
some future time selling it at a profit.
By the new construction an entryman
woul.5 have to Hi the timber in his own
building operations, or else build a saw
mill and cut it into lumber, and then by
a strict construction he would be pre- ;
vented from selling the lumber.
The General Land-Offlce. however, has
formulated no rule to prevent the s?crip
per from placing his script on this same
land withdrawn from the individual pur
chaser of ICO acres, but allows the scrip
per to make from 200 to COO per cent on
his purchase. The people are asking
themselves what is the motive of thp de
partment. If the new rule is upheld by
the courts within a few months every
acre of the Government timber lands will
be appropriated by wealthy lumber firms
and script holders generally.
The first intimation that the local office
had of a change in policy by the General
Land Office came to Special Agent M. A.
O'Conor from the special agent at Rose
burg. Oregon, who has charge of Oregon
and California. The change was so ab
surd to O'Conor and so radical that he
did not question with severity along the
lines indicated in the new, instructions,
and applied for further information. He
was summarily dismissed and no reasons
were given for dismissal. His work in
other Tesnects is known to have been ex
cellent and his dismissal was caused by
the fact that he could not swallow the
new policy. His place was given to Spe
cial Agent Wade, who is carrying out the
department's wishes in every detail.
TROUBLE FOR ENTRYMEN.
and the r.ew rule being reversed. Secre
tary of the Interior Hitchcock's new rule
will be tested at once in the United States
courts. It practically, repeals an act of
Congress, and it is argued cannot stand
a judicial test.
The timber and stone act has been in
effect for the- last twenty-five years and
the Government has parted with many
millions of acres of land under its pro
visions. In all cases the entryman has
sworn "that I do not apply to purchase
the land above described on speculation,
but in good faith to appropriate it to my
own exclusive use and benefit, and that
I have not directly or indirectly made
any agreement or contract in any way
or "manner with any person or persons
whatsoever by which the title I may ac
quire from the United States may inure
in whole or in part to the benefit of any
person except myself."
SUISUN. Sept. 13.-Under Sheriff Tom
Grennan, Deputy Sheriff T. J. Lenahan,
Constable Charles Downing. Town Mar
shal L. J. Chrisler and District Attorney
Tom Gregory of Suisun, accompanied by
four peace officers from Benicia, went to
Dintons Landing yesterday afternoon and
arrested John Tlllas, G. Dinnelli. Philip
Louis, Chris Varillo. Annie Varillo and
Jake Uncoil as accessories to .the mur
der of Fred Potter by George Pensacola.
The officers arrived here with the pris
oners early this morning and this after
noon the latter were arraigned before
Justice A. F. Hitchcock and each put un
der bonds of J200. Sworn statements were
taken from each of them, but no addi
tional light was thrown on the crime.
VALLEJO, Sept. 15.— As he walked off
a steamer here this evening Mlchaelo
Cornelius was arrested by Chief of Po
lice Stanford and Deputy Sheriff Line
ham. George Pensacola. who was caught
in Westminster. B. C, Monday by Sher
iff Keys of this county, says that Cor
nelius was the chief instigator of the
murder of Fred Potter, who was stabbed
to death and thrown into Suisun Bay
several weeks ago. 1 he officers have been
in quest of Cornelius for several days.
"I have not seen him for several months
and I have no idea what has become of
him. I do not know where he was stop
ping, nor anything at all about him. He
was always rather erratic and queer, and
he may have committed suicide for all I
know. No, he never threatened his life
In my presence, but then he Is liable to do
most anything."
Mrs. Miller on Sunday made diligent In
quiry in San Francisco among Venter's
friends and office associates, but none of
them could give any trace or clew to his
whereabouts. In view of his letter to
Marcuse they fear that he has carried
out his threats. Late Saturday night, on
the last trip of the ferry-boat Oakland to
San Francisco, a man either accidentally
or Intentionally fell overboard from the
upper deck. Passengers had noticed him
acting queerly before he went over the
rail. A boat was lowered but no trace of
him was found. Venter was an adjuster
for the express company. He was 4C years
old, but appeared many years older, be
ing bent and haggard.
Peter Venter of Oroville, a brother of
the missing man, is at the Golden West
Hotel in this city, where he is ill. When
seen last night Venter said that he knew
nothing at all about his brother, and in
sinuated that be cared much less. He
said:
According to Mrs. Miller, Venter had
been moody for more than a year. He
had proposed marriage to her more than
a year ago and procured the license. Mrs.
Miller says her reason for postponing the
event was because she believed Venter
was not mentally sound. About the time
of his proposal, she said, he took a
broomstick one day and struck one of her
children on the head, threatening to kill
it. A .moment afterward he became clear
and had apparently no recollection of his
act.
Many circumstances of the case add to
the mystery, though Venter Is said to be
a peculiar man.
Mrs. L. E. Miller, with whom Venter
has been boarding for three years at
Golden Gate and who says she was his
Intended wife, has notified the .police that
Venter has acted strangely for a year,
and she fears he has taken his life.
Venter sent a letter on Friday to J. H.
Marcuse, proprietor of the Auzerals cigar
store, southwest corner Ellis and Powell
streets, San Francisco, saying that he
would never again be seen alive. That
day Venter wrote to his superiors in the^
express company's ofiico that he was
at home sick. He was seen last at Golden
Gate Friday evening by a Southern Pa
cific Company flagman, of whom he in
quired the way to Berkeley. He acted so
strangely that attention was called to his
conduct.
J. C. Venter, for 25 years Jn the employ
of Wells Farffo & Company's express
office, this city, has disappeared from his
home— 5SG7 Marshall street, Golden Gate—
and from his office in San Francisco.
Federal Officials Interpret
Anew the Word
"Speculation."
Vigorous Work Being Done
in the Fred Potter Mur
der Case.
Voters Will Be Asked to
Give Support to Public
Improvements.
Locators and Dealers
in Humboldt in a
Predicament.
Man That Jumped From
Perry - Boat Suggests
Possible Clew.
LAW ALARMS
HOLDERS OF
TIMBER LAND
Solano Officers Jail Dut
tons Landing Resi
dents.
Citizens Hold Confer
ence and Will Wage
Campaign.
Wells -Fargo Adjuster
May Have Killed
Himself.
FAVOR ENTIRE
ISSUE OF BONDS
ARRES TS FOLLOW
THE CONFESSION
VENTER LEAVES
HOME AND JOB
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1«, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vU.LUi¥Bl£IA iMwaiHEioa
Farewell Appearances aa Co-Stars la T1»I» City.
HENRY
riARQARET^\NQLIN
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Last 4 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
"THE AFTERMATH."
An Adaptation by Henry Miller cf Geor««
Ohnet's Novel. "Le Maitre des. Fortes."
NEXT MONDAY— Henry W. Savaso aa-
nounces the Merriest Musical Comedy,
PT? I IV C*, P pixiey Rnd Luder *
rlVlllVL< Authors of ;
Qp "Kins Dodo." •
nil at* r^'UvT "vos you jl
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every tady and child presented with a souve-
nir picture of a Lilliputian at ail matinees.
THIRD WEEK.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST NIGHT
THE LADY SLAVEY.
To-Morrow INight.
Friday and Saturday Nishts and Saturday
Matinee, the Japanese Musical Comedy,
THEGEISHA
PRICES — Evenines. 13c. 23c. 50c., 75c..
Matinees. 13c; 2^c.. 5Oc.
ALCAZAR ™i
Belasco oc Mayer. Proprietor*. .Phone A!.- a sax.
E. D. PRICE. General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Sudermann's Masterpiece, j
...yV\AGDA...
"Held audience sip«"llbouniV' — Call.
"Strongly prrtented; well sustained."— Ex»
amlner. • i
"Achieved distinct triumph."— Post.
Evenings. 25c to 75c: Sat. Mat.. 15c to Me
TO-MORROW MATINEE
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
WHEN NIGHT PRICKS WILJ, PREVAII*
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR.
Next Week— MISS ROBERTS In
THE ADVENTURE OF I.ADY URSULA.
JOHN LlTCLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT." \
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AMATETTK NIGHT TST7SSSAT. £
ADMISSION. 10c : CHILDP.EN. Sc. T.
When Phonlns Ask for "The Chutes."
EMERYVILLE RACETRACK,
OAKLAND.
Hacina^^ Racing
GOLDEN GATE RACE MEET.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Sept. 19 to Sept. 26, inclusive.
RUNNING, TROTTING AND PACING.
BEST HORSES IN CALIFORNIA WILL CON-
TEST DAILY.
W. M. KENT, Treasurer.
" JOS. I. DIMOND. Secretary.
PafafP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, tho
r 1 PALM ROOM, tho
llf/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR 2nd the LA _
O ± 1 DIES* WRITING
I Hotels I 5 o qm '
filEKCE'S
W FAVORITE
ESCRIPTION
FOR WEAK WOMEW.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalog-tie and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PKXSH A2TO SAI.T MEATS.
IIC RftVCC Jfr Tft Shipping Butchers. 10*
JAi. OUlti 0[ KM. Clay. Tel. Mala 1394.
~~ ~ OILS. ~ ~~~ ~~
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLUL
413 Front it.. S. P. Phons Main 17 la. \
' * YUXBTUXQ. ~
L C fiUGDES, .a_«2SSvt «• *?
pipe looms of ifieWopId contribute
Two of our eight great floors devoted exclusively to floor covering.
A vast and varied stock of every known make. Patterns carefully selected.
Exclusive designs, all to be found here at prices that speak for themselves.
You will find Bigelow Axminsters, Wiltons, Hartford & Smith Axnrnsters,
Velvets, Body Brussels, Tapestry Brussels, Ingrain Linoleum, Oil Cloth,
Mattings. A vast and ervdiess variety from which to choose. Do not
fail to see our stock before purchasing.
Cottage Carpet — Sanitary, moth {/foof. Re- Q F rt ., A
versible; Each side a different pattern. jnC fU
Many pleasing designs. Price wwu JU
Extra Super Half Wool Ingrain— The good old fashioned,
weave that wears like iron. Bright or subdued colors, large
and small figures. An excellent variety to C fl ft 11 A
select from. Designs that cannot fail to ¦) II C V D
please- Price wwu JU
Brussels Carpet— A line of great beauty. Floral, medallion,
two-toned reds and greens, Oriental effects. With borders
to match. Suitable for bed room, living room, 7Cft nfl
hall or parlor. Many exquisite designs. Price I 3C VD
Body Brussels — Beautiful in design. No carpet made can equal
this wonderful weave for wear. A choice selec- fa i ft r
tion. Suitable for hall, living room, drawing A|.yn
room or bed room. Price VMfcV
Smith Axminsters— The height of carpet elegance. Clear de-
sign. Strong or light color. Soft, deep pile, delight- tft f rtr
ful to the tread. Patterns that will brighten any A I jfj
room, will harmonize with any color scheme. Price 1 '
Smyrna Rug— 9xi2 feet. All-wool. Large enough Q | 1 7P
for the average room. Fine deep pile, rich in n$|fl.. I J
coloring. Reversible. Price v
Linoleum — Made of the best linseed oil and pulverized /JC^
cork. Many new . patterns. Price per square yard tOG
These few items are listed merely as an illustration of the prices that hold good
throughout our entire stock. Whether you want Carpets, Furniture, drapery, or
Kitchen Furnishings, you will find a vast variety of the best the market affords.
wf M&$£» ft w' [ f^ M ll ***^£9
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATURE SPARES
The Itricken Eose Trom Grief.
What a fortunate provision of nature
it is, that deprives the rose of mental
Buffering; for how poignant v/ould be its
Brief to discover, in the height of its
blooming glory, that a canker fed at its
heart, and that its beauty and fragrance
were doomed forever. Nature always
spares the suffering; she is a veritable
store-house of pleasing rewards, for
those who seek her aid. In the years
gone by falling hair and grayness have
cast a gloom over the lives of thousands
of young women, but thanks to the in-
vestigations of scientists the true cause of hair
destruction is now known to be a germ or
parasite that burrows Into the ha!r follicles.
Newbro's IlerpicMe absolutely destroys this
cerm, thus permittinE the hair to grow as
nature tntended. Sold by leading druggists.
S^nd 10c in stamps for cample to The Herpl-
clde Co., Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR! A
Tor Infants and Children.
T&8 Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the SJ? _ y£fo+^T
Signature of /¦&&&&{
C^PEWeY.STRONG ScCQ.^gg^
• j
MARKETS!-. SF.'+to&T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Simple 'Remedy.
SkinTrouhle
I Bathe the affected part with m
HelskelTs Soap, dry v.-ith a soft H
towel, and •with the finger apply n
HeisZiell's Ointment. One applica- n
tion a day, for a short while, usu- Q
ally cures — never required moie ga
than twice a day — for a complete tg
cure of Pimples. Blotches on Face. B
Barber's Itch. Tetter. Erysipelas. H
Salt Rheum. Scald Head. Ring- E
worm. Itch, doors. Burns, Scalds. H
Ulcers in Kar. Sore Nose and Eye- S
Ilids. Itchine Piles, and any erup- J3
tion of the ekin. HciskeU's Oint- a
aent cures where all alteratives. !
sarsaparillas. iodides and mercu- 1
I rial medicines fail. It is very i
soothing and coolinp. making- th» I
skin beautifully fair and smooth, j
Recommeiided and used by physicians I
for fifty years. At druggists'. 50 cents. I
•S«nd fcr bock cf testimonials. I
_ JOKBSTOXr, BOILOWAY fc CO.. j
OL 531 Commerce St., FMladelpMs.. , f
j. C*))^*" * v {S AMP
LiCAI-lVG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THH
WEST 24 Po«t «t.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
EMibllehed 40 years. Open entire year.
V?rite for SHuctrated catalogue (free).
4 POLYTECHNIC
Business College and
rs^L School of Enuineer-
. -IX>fr\* f io «. Oakland. Cal.
EZ^!J3Tf$&Z*=& Larreet and best
fZ^i - *fj5v* j ~t^IEv equipped school of
x-'-it'*tT^l fh H'S-'unil "buslneea shorthand
5r* 'TFar^MFJi&il »nd enslnwln* west
«**$*> *?/*• 'sl^JsiVJr °* Chicago. Perfect
ZZ~&i¥£5/$n%Za8K& climate, expense* low.
ftjk. «3"»|!»^'-Tg>4**':P7*^y Write for fre« 100-
p«gfc catalogue-
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PIZRALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
!i--eroin« «.nd day school for t»oy« under 15 ye«r»
cf ««e. Studies commence MONDAY. Aurusl 3.
ZtCi Eend for tsrorpectu* to Bro. Genebratt.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAKD, CAL.
Ftudies will be resumed KON'DAT. AUirost X
it**, UliO. ZEKOKZA2*. President.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
fAHFORNfAl
\J Greatest Laughing Piece In IW
I Tears. '3 1
A Friend of the Family.
Featuring George Barnum, for years
leading comedian with May It win, and
Alice Johnson, leading lady of the orig-
inal Frawley Company.
NEXT SUNDAY,
Mr. Samuel Thall offers Isadore Wit-
mark's Famous Comedy Ooera.
THE CHAPEROIMS.
Firs-t Biff Musical Comedy.
60— SlBflns People — 50.
_g_1 Augmented Orchestra. I _,¦„ f
i|i| SEATS NOW SELLING, jjjj^
iHLATmjl
"MT COCOANUT LOU."
"MY PAULINE."
"HOSET. SEND HOME FOR MONET."
"WHO'S YOUR LADY FRIEND?"
Are Amons.the Popular Songs In
I "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-curers" I
That Have Caught the Whole City.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIKL.D BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
• ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. ?Sc. 50c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c anJ
BOc. Children »t Matinees, 10c and 25c.
: i
MATIXEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY^ Sept. 16.
Parquet, Any Seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren. Any Part Except Reserved, 10c.
E. ROUSBY'S Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux.
Arnesen; James Richmond Glenroy;
Princess Xosoros; Frederic Bond
and Company; Original Bio Broth-
ers; Almont and Dumont; Fischer
and Wacker and the Siograph.
v Belasco & Mayer, Proprietor*.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Ma&nlflcent Production of the Gorgeous Mili-
tary Spectacle,
SCHEIYPICKERS
An Augmented Cast and Stage Settings of
Oriental Splendor.
DDirtC Evening* 10c to BOc
lAltCj Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Week of Sept. 21— AFTER PARK.
TIV0LnS5&
(NOTE — Performance commences at S sharp;
Saturday Matinee at 2 eharp.)
TO-HIOHT
and on Friday and Saturday Nights
Verdi's Immortal Opera
"IL TROVATORL"
Thursday and Sunday Nights. Saturday Mati-
nee, Bellini's Great Work
"LA SON\AMBULA"
Next Week— "CARMEN" and "TRAV1ATA."
1 ¦ ¦
PRICES AS USUAL. 23c. 60c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Eddy at.. Above Mason.
POSITIVELY LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
)« '" > .The XVth Century Morality Play,
EVERYMAN
Farewell Matinees. Thur*. and Sat. at 3.
Reserved Seats, $1, SI 50 and $2.
Box Office. Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Coming— AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Pianist*.
SATURDAY. September 19. at S p. m.. In
STEINWAY HALL.
Th* initial piano recital o* the season will be
give,n. with Mr. Percival K. Van Yorx at
THE ANGELUS.
| Soloist, Mrs. Lillian Birmingham, contralto.
who will sing the "Elli!and. Cycle of Sonics,"
by' A. von Fielltz. This has never before been
I done with the accompaniment of a mechanical
piano player. .-
Complimentary tickets may be secured at out~
store any time before the recital.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter
Sts. • ¦» ¦
;W6BflrCi$1.00D8rYeaf
I IMPROVED SHADE ROLLER I
If A perfect combination of the best M
I material and skilled labor. j
I The only one to get if you want the best. H
g It saves time, trouble and window shades. 1 1
i Look on the label for the signature of 1
IJ an^ y°u will get the genuine. j j
H The Improved requires no tacks. j j
» VoodRoIIm. TiaRoHtfi. B
A -MTTfiTTM HNTM.Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings In the city. 4 Third street •>.
Trapshooters were well represented at
Ingleside yesterday, when J. V. Coleman
and Mr. Keene. the Australian crack shot,
engaged In a fifty-bird match. • The
weather conditions were all that could be
desired by the contestants. The birds
were a strong lot, but not too fast for the
gunmen, who concluded their match with
a score of 45 for Coleman to 42 for Keene.
Coleman Defeats Keene at Traps.
Costly Errors and Weak Base Bun.
ning Prove Their Undoing.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 15.— Costly errors and
weak base running by the leaders »ave Oak
«-»d the first came of the serin. Gray wsj
ANGELS LOSE TO OAKLAND.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Sept 13.— Martin
Duffy knocked out Philadelphia Tommy
Ryan In the eighth round of a slow and
uninteresting fight. Many of the specta
tors left the hall in disgust after the
fight had gone a few rounds.
fith, Crime.
Second race— Sadie Burch, Henry
Leuhrniann Jr., Lady Fonso.
Third race — Neversuch, Tony lap
ping, Lynch.
Fourth race — Taby Tosa, Little
Ccout, Flintlock.
Fifth race — First Mason, Water
tower, Stand Pat. "
Sixth race— Irene Mac, Blue Grass
Girl, Sid Silver. "
Poor Fight Disgusts Spectators.
First race— Xacache, Harry Grif-
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
ST LOUIS. Sept. IT).— Delmar entries:
First race, kIx furlnn*?. sellinp— Feronla 1C0,
Goudv '>¦"> A Truant ft.". Varna Fonso »8, Stub
100 Harry Griffith 08. Lacache 05, Model
Monarch K«. Helen Hay 100, Crime 103, Jean
Gravler 100. Hemlock 103.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, eeltlni;
— Wootsle Wenlerd 100. Havrn Run 10G. Car
dona 108. Tiomnlne 1)8. Sadie Burch 101. Spen
ceruui C5. Henry Leuhrmann Jr. 08, I.aunav
Kfl Our Llllle 104, Mendon 100, Bob Curt 107,
Lady Fon»o 10.1.
Third race, one and an eighth miles.- selling
— Donaml 105. Lynch 98, Tony Lepplng 100,
Kentucky Cardinal 104. Peter Duryea 101,
Kliza Dillon 100. The Bobby 103. Neversuch
Os MK0IB^KM|£p^iviB
Fourth^race, one and a sixteenth miles,
purM — Mallory 100. Flintlock 102. Taby Tosa
1C2. Little Scout 110.
Fifth race, one mile. pur*e — Stand Pat OS.
Echo Dale 108. Golden Glitter 105. First
Mason 105, Water Tower 1C8.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Detest 08,
Blue Grass Girl 08, King Rose 106, Miss Gould
ICG, Irby Bennett 100, Sid Silver 103, Requi
sition 101. Irene Mac. 98. Miss Manners 100.
My Surprise 106.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Kunnlr.g. three-year-old?, handicap, six fur
longs— Mlsty'a Pride won. Sally Goodwin sec
ond. Burdock third, Ohio Ulrl fcurth. Time,
SALEM. Ore.. Sent. 15. — liesults to-day:
•Trotting, two-year-olds — Lovely Dell won
Royal Satin second. Time, 2:37.
Pacing. Inland Kmrlre "take — Tidal Wave
won. Hallle Hinges second. Lottie B third.
Economizer fourth. Time, 2:21^.
Pacing, two-year-oldi — Loveless won, Price
Mark second. Time, 3:04.
Running, four and a halt furlongs— Cllvoso
won. CISFses second. John Uoggs third. Time
:5.1»S.
Salem Racing Results.
PORTLAND. Sept. 15.— The first game after
their return noith waa taken by Portland to
day from Seattle by opportune hitting. Thlel
man. although a little wild at times, kept his
hits scattered. Blewett pitched good ball but
was poorly supported. Score:
Portland 0 010200 l^x— |" 8 o
Seattle 0 0 10 0 2 0 0 0—3 7 &
Thielman and Hess: Blewett and Byers
Umpire — Levy.
Portland Defeats Seattle.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 15.— Cincinnati shut out
New York to-day. Hahn allowed but four
scattered hit*. Attendance, 2700. Score:
R. II. K.
Cincinnati H 11 0
New York 0 4 6
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Matthewson,
Hartley and Warner. Umpire — Hurst.
I'lTTSBURG, Sept. 15.— It was an even *plit.
Pittsburu won the llrst i;amf by hittlhg when
hits were needed, and loat the second by poor
gtick work. Attendance. 3900. Score:
First game— P.. H. K.
Plttsburg 7 » 0
Bohton 4 a 2
Catteries— Leever and Phelps; Williams a'r.d
Moran.
Second game — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 1 ti o
Uosion 3 ' U 0
Batteries— Veil and Smith; Willis and Moran.
Umpire — O'Uay.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. Sept. 15. — Heavy hitting by the
bonje team defeated New York to-day and cc*l
ly errors made the score large. Attendance
Score : '
n. H. e.
Boston 12 17 1
New York 3 S 3
Batteries— Young and Crlger: Tannehlll and
Devlll.
WASHINGTON. Sept 15. — Before Plank
could settle down Washington had won the
game. Attendance, 3100. Score:
Washington *4 "* E i
Philadelphia ; . » 7 £
Batteries — Orth and Kittredge; Plank and
Schreck.
But Four Hits Made Off His Deliv
ery, While Men Behind Him
Score Eight Buns.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
HAKN OF CINCIITNATI
SHUTS OUT NEW YORK
Tl<e draw will b? held to-night at Pythian
Castle for the California Coursing Committee
Stake. This will be decided next Sunday at
Union Coursing Park.
There are twenty-four entries and no stake of
such clars has ever been run In America, ac
cording 10 coursing authorities The twenty
four greyhounds entered have won nearly 300
stnkos. or about IS, 000 Individual trials. Palo
Alto, Eugene Geary's champion, heads the list
with a total of thirty stakes.
In addition to th« Committee Stake there will
be a consol.-itlnn number ff-r the twelve dogs
bt-aten In the first round. There will also be a
4S-doc oprn Ftake.
GBEYHOUNDS OF CLASS
IN COMMITTEE STAKE
Remarkable Entry Is Received for
One cf the American Cours
ing Classics.
Dick Wellos obtained his world's record
at a mile at Harlem track on August 14.
With Jockey Knight and 115 pounds up,
he beat Grand Opera, carying 112 pounds,
in 1:37 2-5. Tho record was held by Alan
a-DaU? and was made at Washington
Park.
The bay son of King Eric and Tea's
Over has never been extended, winning
all his races galloping. His only defeat
was over a heavy track, which is not his
forte. He is pronounced the best colt at
a mile ever seen at Chicago, where some
great horses have been saddled In re
cent years.
WESTERN horsemen are of the
opinion that "Rome" Respess'
crack 3-year-old. Dick Welles,
can give away weight to any
sprinter in all the East at any
distance up to a mile. He is pronounced
greater than Voter or any other famous
sprinter.
Stolen bases — Wheeler. Cravath. O'Hara.
Messerly. Krrors — Wheeler. Smith. Gray. Dev
ercau Schwarta. Messerly. Home run —
Coop«r Sacrifice hits — Schwartz. Gorton.
Kruger. First base on balls — Off Gray, 1; oft
Cooper 2. Struck out— By Gray. 1; by
Coope!* 5. Left on bases— Los Angele.*. 8:
Oakland 5. Hit by pitcher — Wheeler. Time
of game— 1:50. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles ...0020010 10—4
Baac hlt» 00400213 O—10
Oakland 0 0 O 1 2 2 0 1 O—6
Base hits 000222.1 11— a
Los Angeles— I Oakland—
AB R. H. .P.A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoycf 5 0 2 4 l'ouara.cf 4 10 10
Whe'el.2b 4 10 2 4Frnck.ss 5 110 5
Smith.3b 5 110 4 Dcvrr.Sb .'» 0 2 3 4
Spies. lb 5 0 1 13 0 Schwr.2b 4 0 0 2 1
Cravrf 5 2 3 3 0 Murdk.rf 4 12 2 0
Corbit.lf 4OO2 0 Messy.lb 4 1 1 10 O
Toman.ss 3 0 2 2 3 Gorton.c 3 <> 0 7 1
H'irlbt c 4 0 1 1 2lKruger.lf 3 0 110
Gray.p ..3 0 0 0 2jCoopr,p .42212
Totals 38 4 10 27 16, Totals S« 6 9 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night in the
Palace Hotel and wound up the business
connected with their Admission day races.
Bets in the proposed match race between
F. P. Plagemann's General Vallejo ana
Edward Aigeltinger's Dolador were de
clared cff. The purse and cup go to
Dolador. Had the bets stood Itua winners
proposed handing the money to the or
phan asylums.
hit less than Cooper, but his support was not
so good. Wheeler, at second, had a bad day
In fielding hard chances and failed to take
care of three. Cooper was effective when men
were on bases. He also got a home run and
a twj-bagger. Score:
Match Race Bets Declared Off.
Stolen baj*s — McLaughlin. Eagan. Errors
DelmaH (2), Ragan. Raymond. Bheehan. Doyle.
Three-base hits — Hlldebrnnd. Raymond Two
ba«e hits— Delmas. Kruc, Irwln. First ba*e
en errors — San Francisco 2. Sacramento 2
First bane on called balls— Off Hodson 2 off
Keefe 4. Left on bases— San Francisco 3. Sac
ramento 4. Struck out — By Hodson 2. Dou
ble plays — Pabst (unassisted); Sheeban to
Kaijar. to Tcwnsend. Time of game — 1 hour
and 20 minutes. Umpire — McDonald
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 3 O 0 0 0 1 00 0 4
Base hits 4 0 0 0 0 1 10 0—6
San Francisco 5 0 2 0 1 0 1 0 x—'J
Bas-e hits 2 0 2 0 2 0 11 x— 8
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Lynch, cf 3 0 0 11 Oasey.2b 3 10 0 :t
Meany.rf 2 2 0 10 Hlldbd.lf 4 0 13 0
Irwln.3b 4 2 2 14 il'Lgn.rf 4 112 1
PabBt. lb 3 2 1 13 O Kagan. s 4 1 1 » «
Pabst. lb 3 2 1 6 0 Twnd.lb 3 1 1 It 1
Krug, cf 4 1 1-5 O Sb.ehn.3b 4. O 1 2 1
Delm«.2b 4 0 13 .1] Doyle, cf 4 0 1 10
Raymd.s 4 0 10 4lorahm. c 4 0 0 1 2
Hodson.p 4 0 0 0 1 Keefe. p 3 0 0 1 4
Totals. 32 '9 8 27 13 Totals. 33 ~4 ~6 24 IS
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Uncle's collection also went a little In
their half of the first. Keefe was wild
and passed Lynch and Meany, the first
two* men up. Irwln tried to sacrifice, but
he forced Lynch at third. Then Leahy
clouted the ball Into left field and Meany
arrived. Pabst walked, Krug got a life on
Sheehan's error and the bags were filled.
While they remained so Mr. Delmaa wag
thoughtful enough to tear off a two-cush
ion Swipe that sent everybody home. It
might have been even more runs had not
"Del" been caught trying to go to third
on the hit. After this inning the home
gathering had no trouble in alighting on
the shoots of Keefe and his own wildnesa
did the rest." The score:
" San Francisco — I SacramentCM-
at the Oakland lot. The home team had
.them going in every inning and it did not
require much energy or a whole lot of
ginger to make Mike ' Fisher's followers
look like a bunch of selling platers.
Score: San Francisco 9, Sacramento 4.
Although the game abounded in runs
and long hits, it was fast and consumed
but an hour and twenty minutes. Most
of the fielding was clean and the players'
did not waste any valuable time in mak
ing useless talks to the umpire, though
there were instances where they might
have yelled.
Uncle brought forth his newly acquired
shortstop, "Teeley" Raymond, the lad
with the auburn locks who has been
bushing it in the up-country leagues for
a few months past. The lad was played
at short and he did well. He took three
out of his four chances, and then. Just to
show the fans he was there, he cracked
out a long three-bagger to the right field
fence in the eighth inning.
' The Senators began to start something
in the first inning. After two were gone
McLaughlin smashed out a hit past third.
He then stole nicely and Eagan scored
him with a drive to center. Eagan also
pilfered second and he likewise arrived on
another hit by Townsend. Tommy Shee
han kept up the walloping and succeeded
in bringing Truck over the plate with an
other timely bingle.
Uncle Henry, with that made-over base
ball team of hla, was fast enough to hand
it out to the Senators yesterday afternoon
CRACK THREE - YEAR - OLD
WHICH HOLDS THE MILE
RECORD.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
* (Pacific Coast League.)
\V. L. Pet. 1 W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles. 93 55 .C27 Portland «5 77 .400
San Fran S5 09 .883 Oakland ....70 91 .440
Sacramento .76 73 .5D0 Seattle 60 Hi .41B
PIXTH RACE— One mile; nelllng.
Betting. Horw. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
tt lo 1 — Worthlngton. 107 (Scully) 4 117
fi to 1— Aules. 107 (Calvit) 6 3 2 1
13 to 1— Macbeth. Ill tE. Austin). 2 4 3 1
Time 1:47 : J4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner Mrs M. Goldblatt'n gr. B. by St. Jullen-
Ida' Glenn. Dr. Clark 100. Dynasty 104. Silver
Fizz K'4. Reducer M. I'na Price 107, Lou
Clitveden 00. Cardigan 03. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
*<"!lln£:
l!ett!ng. Horne. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
ir , t0 i_The Bobby. 101 (Savres) . « fi 1 1
« to 1— Eugenia S.. "J9 (Stovall) .2023
it to 1— Fon Spray. 104 (Miller) . . 3 2 3 .1
Time 2:Oi. Start koo<1. Won easily. Win
ner J J- Ogle's <"h. g. by Incpector-Pansy
Ulo'usotn. Hcglra 1)2, Baronet 10», Ecome 107,
El Caney 107, Judge Towner 00, also ran.
FOURTH UACE— Six furlonss; handicap.
Betting. How. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to a— Miss Mae Day. 11C (Shee) 12 14
« to 1 — Optional. 10:{ (Mclntyre) .8 A 2 >4
8 to 1 — Orleans. 93 (George) 2 1 ." h
Time, 1 :10'/«. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner W. W. Elliott's* br. m. by Hermence-Alla
Lalla. Pourquol Pas 90. Crnix d'Or 108, Mlmo
H2. Revenge Dare 100, Dan McKenna 103, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Five furlonss; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Atlas. 10S (Sheehan) 2 2 1 IVi
4 to 1— Folles Bergeres. 108 (Aus) 4 12 1
7 to i_\Vr. of Ivy, 104 (Scully).. .1 3 \%
Time. 1:00. Start good. Won eaVlly. Win
ner. C Schawacker's b. f. by Huron-Armiel.
Nellie Cromwell 103. Ida Davis 101. Jehane 104,
Lady Freenight 104. 1'hiilida 100, also ran.
PrCOND RACE— Six furlongs; wiling:
Ecttlng. Horse. Weight. Jo?key. - St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Rengaw. 100 (Calvit) 3 1 1 %
10 to 1 — Miss Guido. 109 (Sheehan) 5 .'{ 1! 2
IH to 1— Tenny lielle. 104 iGullett). 4 5 3 n
Time, 1:19. Start good. Won cleverly. Win
ner, J. A. Johnson's br. g. by \Vaswr-Fabec:a.
Sting 10<), Algareta 10:>, Eliza Cook 109, Eleanor
Howard 1C5. Ben Hullum 109. Boyce Arnold
100. Temptress 104, Submarine 104, Great Star
1OU, La Rouse 100, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 15.— There was not
much to the races at Delmar Park this
afternoon. Big fields started in each
event_ but el: -s was lacking. Consistent
Miss Mae Day cleverly won the handicap
at six furlonss. She got a flying start
and was rated to the stretch turn, where
Shechan let her down and she won as she
pleased. The track was slow, the weather
cloudy and the attendance light. Sum
mary:
FIHST RACE — Four and a half furlongs,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
?I to 1— Frank Collins, JCO (Miller) 1115
1(5 to 1 — Aleom R. 95 (Hennessey). 22 2 2
5 to 1— Foxy Grandpa, io:{ (Aus). 3 3 3 i£
Time, :58. Start fair. Won easily. Winner,
Mrs. A. Glvens' br. c. .Jiy Joe Norwood-Lady
Glyde. Port Warden 10C, Bugle Horn 108, Ario
10:t. ronchartrain 103, Hobson's Choice 10:t.
Kiowa Chief 105. Capitol 108, Caybon U5, Little
Pirate ICtt. Ad Smith 110, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Keefe Gets a Drubbing
When Home Team
Needs Runs.
Consistent Mare Takes
Another Handicap
at Delmar.
SENATORS DROP
ONE TO UNCLE
MISS MAE DAY
WINS CLEVERLY
Action Results From Jockey Davis
son's Criminal Ride on Cor
rigan's Orfeo.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— "Plunger* and
Bookmaker Steve l'Hommedieu has been
barred from making book at the Haw
thorne track, and barred, it is believed, at
the instigation of Edward Corrigan. mas
ter of the track. It seems that when
Jockey Davisson got Corrigan's Orf«o
beaten In the Cicero Selling stakes at
Harlem on Monday, after a ride which
looked nothing short of criminal, Cor
rigan complained to the Harlem judges
that his horse was pulled. The Harlem
officials evidently were satisfied that all
was not right with Davlsson's ride and
suspended the boy. pending (it is sup
posed although nothing was given out)
an official investigation of the race. It is
said Corrigan accused L/Hommedleu, in
his appeal to the Harlem Judges, of hav
ing, In his opinion, some of the Jockeys
riding at the local tracks under his con
trol.
HAWTHORNE BARS
STEVE L'HOMMEDIETJ
Stanford Football.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 15 —
The first football Une-up of the season oc
curred yesterday afternoon, when Coach
Lanagan pitted two freshmen elevens
against one another. Only a few minutes'
scrimmage work was allowed, but It was
sufficient to show the rooters on the
bleachers that they may look forward to
supporting a good first-year football team.
To-morrow- afternoon the freshmen will
meet the Palo Alto High School eleven in
the first game of the season, and a lively
contest may be anticipated. The baby
class numbers some of the most promis
ing players on the gridiron. Among th<«
men who lined up yesterday afternoon
were G. E. Dole. Weller, Stott. Kellogg.
Hornby. Mlnturn. Butterfleld. 'West. Pack
ard, Chalmers. Crutcher, Blood. Gowdy.
Singletary. King. Morflns and Stephenson.
Treasurer Cowden of the Associated
Students has completed arrangements for
a game between the varsity and th»
Multnomah Club team of Portland on
November 7 on the Stanford gridiron.
BOXER SEIGER SEEKS
A MATCH IN THIS CITY
His Draw With Rufe Turner at Se
attle Stamps Him a Likely
Lightweight.
Billy Roche, manager for Charley Sei
ger. the lightweight boxer, arrived here
yesterday seeking a m^tch. Selger fought
a draw at Seattle recently with Rufe
Turner, which stamps him a good man.
Charles Horan. who represents Ben
Jordan, the English featherweight, in this
country, haa asked John Hertz for a
match with Benny Yanger. Hertz haa
agreed to a match at 12t pounds, win or
lose with Eddie Hanlon late in the pres
ent month. Yanger is working hard at
Sheehan's Beach Tavern with EUly Ott3
as trainer.
The Lincoln Athletic Club will hold Its
monthly boxing exhibition on Friday
night. The card follows: Joe Crowlsy
vs. Ed Kehoe. 103 pounds: Jack O'Brien
vs. Abe Label. 118 pound3; Harry Fallen
vs. John Lawrence. 1% pounds; Willie
Wolff vs. Jack Hopkins. VZ pounds*; Jim
Fox vs. Bill Johnston. 170 pounds, ami
Bob Cairns. Olympic Club, vs. Jack Grey.
San Francisco Athletic Club, 130 pounds.
Milton Hayes will referee.
Burns to Play With Toledo.
DETROIT. Mich.. Sept. 15.— Prsident
Angua of the Detroit American Leagua
Baseball Club Is wraTTiy over the decision
of Prsldent Johnson that Second Baseman
Burns. 'secured by Detroit from the Pa
cific Coast, cannot play with the team
because the arbitration committee has de
cided he waa the property of Toledo. Mr.
Angus had a long consultation with his
attorney to-day on the matter.
Pitcher Skopec last night jumped tho
team after a disagreement with Manager
Barrow regarding a railroad sleeper.
Boxer Young Defeats McDonald.
OAKLAND. Sept. 13.—^ix schedule.!
four-round amateur boxing bouts were
witnessed at the Seauoia Club's opening
exhibition to-nlsht. All but one went tho
limit. In th« principal event A! Your.jr
was awarded the decision over "Rough-
House" McDonald. Tom Sullivan knocked
out Fred Balaena In the third round.
Dick Hyland won the best flght of the
evening from Jack Dunn. Jack Morlarity
lost by a shade to Joe Podesta and Dick
Cullen captured a close decision from
Joe Lapey.
By th<» Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Cyprienne, Miss Cough
lin. Testimony.
Second race — Hindus, Orfeo, Nan
nie Hodge.
Third race — Lord Melbourne, Air
light, Mr. Dingle.
Fourth race — Antolee, Custus,
Dutch Carter.
Fifth race — Redan, Automaton,
Quiz II.
Sixth race — Lady Matchless, Bard
Bums, Fair Lady Anna.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, wiling — Jau-
Iwrt lCtt. War Cry 1(><5. Gustus HlVErama A M
1(<;. Antole*- ICC. Ida V 10B. Star Cotton 10ti
Mr.or IOC. TPe Meteor 103, Dutch Carter 101.
Courage 100.
. Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— F.venine
star 112. (juiz H 112. Automaton no. Fake
11", Fk-uron 107. Redan 102, Charlie Grainger
102, Zyra !)3. Pirate's Daughter 97.
Sixth race, one rr.ile — Bard Burns 103, Frivol
Ki". Hudson !<::. Germany Iif>. Lampoon W0.
Fair Lady Anna !>0. LaOy Matchless 90.
First race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens—Lady Helair 110. Alma Dufour 105. La
Chaperone 105, Mips Coughlin 105, Sliver Spin
ner 1< .".. Florence Fon«io 1C5. Testimony 1C5,
Vallarambla 1C.", Red IJird 105, Annora J 105,
O'er the Rhine 105, Cyprlenne 1C5. (Coughlin
ami Sriinner. Owenby entry.)
Second race, six furlongs — Pchwalbe 104,
Hindus 104, Ouadil<iuiver 98. Orft-o i»s. Big
lien !<S. Nannie Hevifcf B4. Father Tallent 81.
Third race, mile and seventy yard.", selling
AiiMtrht l>Ki. Ix>rd Melbourne 101. The Major
KO. Christine A, 100. Mr. Dingle 10O, Serge
1C<\ Mansard. 5)!». Safeguard 07. Mauser 5M.
CHICAGO. Srpt. 15.— Hawthorne entries
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Time. 1 :0T :!-."». Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. V. Strode'* en. g. by St. l'.!als»-
Feaweed. Don't Ask Me 100. Uidv Kent 109,
AJine Abbott l(it», Z<ila Koight 109, Serpent
11^', also ran.
SIXTH RACK— Six turlones; purse:
Bf-tting. Horse. Wtlght. Jockey, s-t. *; Fin.
Even — St. Tamany. 1OH ( Philips) 2 2 1 P.-i
3 to 1— Planudes. 112 (Rein!> 13 24
12 to 1 — Major IMxon, 109 (Otist.. :! 6 3 h
FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles;
F^llinjj:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1 — Mr. Dingle. 00 (Knapp)... 5 i 1 n
!? to 5— <THagT-n. 'j5 (Spencer).... « 2 2 6
h to Z—Y. IJiazes. »<! iH. Phillip*) 1 a .} 1
Time. 2:14 3-.".. Ptart cood. Won driving.
Winner. D. S. Fountain's ch. c. by Ornament-
Nellie C. Ci:rate !m;. Erne !><>. Omisass 04,
Wing Dance 'Jt>. Lodtstar UC, also ran.
lime. 1:15. Start cood. Won driving.
Winner. P. Wilkerson's ch. c. by Fonso-Lu
ca«ta. Callant 10L', Uruiare 10L', Emir !tl!,
Tiosa 92. also ran.
FOURTH HACK— One ir.ile; Dur<e:
Betting. Hcr.se. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
17 to f.— Wartf Ktcbt, !»5 (KnapP). '> - 1 h
11 to 5— Sid. C, ix)\p. ft.'. (Kobbinv) 1 12 4
7 to 1 — Alu.ia. !>•_• (Wilson) 4 3 3 5
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Test stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Ct. *4 Fin.
10 to 5 — Ouju-ernVld, Its (Knight). 2 3 1 nk
:t to *J — Don lJunio, IL'0 (K.-rrell). 3 2 2 (4
U to 5— Allista. io:> (H. Phillips). 1 1 3 4
Time. 1:10 2-5. Start cood. Won driving.
Winner, J. B. Respe«a - ch. c. by Handball-
Marie Auditor 123. Ka.tie Powers
loO, also ran.
Time. 3:22. Start had. Won drivinc. Win.
ner. J. Carroll's ch. m. by Prince of Monaco-
Retne. John E. Owens 128, refused; Galba
130. Snowdrift 14?, fell; Joe Mar.ln 133, left
at posi.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; ?hort course;
handicap:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Mcrar.da. MS (Carter) 4 i l>j
8 to 1 — Itacatlara. l."16 <C. Johnson) 6 2 2 5
7 tr. 2— Oliver Mao, 148 (Corbley). 3 3 3
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.— Don Domo, the
"gray streak," from J. V. Newman's sta
ble, met defeat In the Test stakes at the
opening of Hawthorne to-day, the race
going to Copperfield, for which J. B. Res
pess recently paid JSOOO and which, it was
believed, was a "gold brick." Don Domo
was always favorite at 3 to 2. Instead of
going to the front and setting his field
dizzy with speed, Ferrell evidently had
waiting ordfrra and Alllsta was allowed to
set all the early pace, with Don Domo
second under double wraps. Turning for
home, Don Domo passed Allista and ap
peared to be winning, but he could not
stall off Copperfleld's rush and lost the
verdict by a neck.
The track was almost a river of soft
mud, over which fairly good time was
made. The weather was clear and boil
ing hot and the attendance good. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlcn**: purse:
Betting. Jlons*-. Wright. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
7 to ]«» — Proc«-€ds, KJS (Wonder!}) 6 3 12
16 to 5 — Rower.a. 10"> (Otisi 15 2 3
eo to 1— Sol .Smith, 10:{ <Knapp).. 2 2 3 4
Time. 1 :03 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. T. Brown's br. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Fertlle. Touchstone loh. Blumen
thal li:S. Sweetie 105. Arnold K J(KI. aiso ran.
Special Diepatch to The Call
The fight started with a rush and early
gave the Impression It would not last
many rounds. . McVey forced the pace
from the beginning: and kept Denver Ed
stepping lively. Martin was the first to
lead, using a left hook, which McVey
cleverly got under. McVey missed two
attempts with his right hand for the jaw
and took a straljtht left from Martin on
the- face. This was the only clean blovr
Martin landed. McVey forced Martin to
the ropes and at close quarters sent in a
powerful short-arm jolt over the heart,
Blmllar to the one with which Jeffries
ended the recent championship battle at
San Francisco. Martin unwisely attempt
ed to mix it with McVey and got another
right-arm jolt In the stomach. He slipped
to his knees, but was up Immediately and
after McVey. t ;
McVey met him. avoiding his straight
left for the face and sending in two right
hand body blows in qutck succession.
They were at such close quarters that as
Martin fell forward he clasped his arms
about McVev's shoulders. McVey shook
him loose and Martin went down, rolled
over on his face and lay perfectly still.
He was counted out. but did not get up.
His seconds climbed through the ropes
and administered the usual remedies in
the case of a knockout. After about a
minute Martin was lifted up and placed
In hla chair in his corner. As usual in
cases of a quick knockout there were
cries of "Fake" from some of Ihe specta
tors. From an impartial view point it
appeared Martin had been severely pun
ished, and while he might have made
some attempt to regain his feet he re
allzed he was a defeated man and to
have made another stand would only
have momentarily postponed the end.
Time of fight two minutes and thirty
seven seconds.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 15.-Sam McVey,
the big colored boxer from Oxnard, made
short work of Denver Ed Martin to-night
at Hazard's pavilion. Martin wad knocked
out In th«^ first round. Three short-arm
right handed blows, delivered at close
quarters, landed in the region of Martins
¦olar plexus and the colored man. who
was once a leader in his class, went dowft
on his faca and was counted out.
The football games preliminary to th»
annual Intercollegiate match between
Stanford and Berkeley on November H
will be unusually interesting this year.
Manager "Pete" Smith of the Reliance
team Is building up a powerful eleven for
the trial games. He had twenty-three
men out for practice last night at tho
San Francisco Riding Academy, on Pa
cific avenue. In other seasons he has
found It difficult to get a sufficient num
ber of men out, and his team bad but lit
tle actual football practice.
It is possible the college teams will each
play one game on the other's campus b<"
fore the big game. This would give the
students an opportunity to compare the
elevens and secure a line on their relative
strength.
Among the players who will ¦wear th«
Reliance uniform this year will be Atkin
son, who has captained the team for sev
eral years, lie will play fullback. Cava
naugh. who weighs 260 pounds a*, present,
will play center. He played thla position
on the University of Chicago team In 1S3S.
The Fame year he was named for substi
tute center on the All-American team.
Smock, who played center for the Uni
versity of Illinois in 19*30, will play guard.
Holt of the University of Willamette or
Evans will play quarter. Wooldridge, a
halfback, has played on the Vanderbilt
University and .the University of Texas
elevens. Gelsler of Stanford and Mueller
of Purdue are also halfbacks. Graham,
who played fullback for Santa Clara last
year, is in the Une-up. Mc<«ilvray. a Stan
ford man, is expected to appear for prac
tice next week. Among the other candi
dates for gridiron honors are Magee of
Stanford. Gaffey of last year's Reliance
team. McDonough of Berkeley, Kenneth
Hamilton, Lewitt, St. John. Thomas.
Martin, Erwin, Beckett, Ooshen, Fleck
and Ray Falk.
The club v.lll play Its first game this
season on Saturday at Stanford.
End Comes So Suddenly Some
of the Spectators Are
Suspicious.
Catches and Passes the Tiring
"Gray Streak" in the
Stretch.
Unusual Interest Is- Shown
in the Outside
Games.
Me Vey Knocks Out Den
ver Ed Martin in One
Round.
Preliminary Season of
Football of Great
Promise.
Western Horsemen Believe "Rome" Respess 5 Mile-Rec
ord Holder Can Give Away Weight to Any Sprinter
in All the East at Any Distance Up to a Mile
Respess' Colt Annexes
Test Stakes at Haw
thorne.
DON DOMO LOSES
TO COPPERFIELD
OXNARD BOXER
PROVES A WONDER
RELIANCE ELEVEN
A STRONG TEAM
DICK WELLES PROUDLY PROCLAIMED
CRACK THREE-YEAR-OLD OF THE YEAR
KING PEPPER'S
LUCKY VICTORY
Farrell's Uncertain Gal
loper First in the
Bayshore.
Mamie Worth Makes Gallant
Run After Being Inter
fered With.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. Y-.
Sept. 13. — There was only one stake on
the programme to-day, and it Is very
doubtful if the best horse won when
Frank Farrclls King Pepper passed the
jiost slightly in advance of Irene L.ind
f!,;-, with Mamie Worth third. The name
of the stake was the liayshore. with sell
ing allowances, worth J1H95 to the win
ner. A large field of fast racer? went to
ihe post. Boon after they were sent away
Irene Lindsay and Mamie Worth drew
out from the others. After passing- the
half-mile pole Mamie Worth, ridden by
Hicks, suddenly fell back, causing ob
herver* to claim that she was shut off
by Irene Lindsay. Even though Mamie
Worth's jockey was compelled to pull her
up almost to a standstill, the filly was
not out of it, as she came on after the
pacemakers, Irene Lindsay and King
lVpper, and was beaten only by a small
margin. Summary:
FIRST KACE — About six furlong;*; for 3
>»ar-olds: selling::
»ett;ng. Kcrse. Weight, Jockey. St. V Fin.
U to 5— T. (iSr.anter. 103 (Gannon) 9 4 1 ¦ » 4
lit to 1— Caftallan, 105 (Burnt) 5 2 21
,; t0 i—Ccunteri-oise, 10?, (Hlggns) T 1 3 »*
Time 1 :10. Btait fair. Won driving. Wln
rT. J. n. Kcene"« b. f. by Klnston-Ben Mlch
ki- I'rir.ceea Tultne 8S. Sweet Alice 103. Ob
f..^d lf>4. Our Nurcet 108. Interval 93. Enue
J'-4. Pratrie Flower II US, Cincmc»tu« 104, Wye.
!.»'id lOfi Prince Chln« JC8, Judge Fulton »3.
<irloff 1C5. Ella Snyder OS. Cappamore M, also
ran.
BBOOXD RACE — Five and a half furloncs;
i' - > ear-oidB : Kellinn:
i:-t:inp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
] i to 20 — T. Minutrman. K'T (O'Nl) 1111
li to .'.—Mineola, 1"1 (lledfern).. 2 2^5
;.i. ,„ i_Tomcod. 1«J7 <T. O'Brien). S 4 a h
Ttme, 1 :W3-.'i, ?tart irood. Won easily.
Winner. J. E. Madden « ch. c. by Juvenal-Sem
jer Paratuji. Hryn Mawr 1O-J. Mollnos jot.
J<lythfne«. 93. I'ategonia 102, fc'ir I'arter 102.
Lady Badge i<9. also ran
THIRD RACE— About six furlongs; the Bay
Phnre sellinR stakes:
lietting. Hur.se Weight. Jockey. St. s 4 Fin.
7 to 1— Kir.* Pepper. LOS (Fuller).. 1 2 ll'i
5« to f>— Ir«li<- Lindsey. US ill t';-.:» 3 1 2 h
7 to I— Mamie Worth. 109 (Hick*). 2 4 3 2
Time. 1:09 4-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, F. Farrell'* <h. k. by Kantaka-Ge.ne
v!cve. Vacness liifi, Kuturlta IO». Salvatelia
f*. Trinity Belle lt>3. Tr»can 1(17. I'arisiennf.
j'". .Mhlana 103. also ran.
rOUBTH HACK— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; all ages:
Netting. llor»>e. Weight. Jockey. St. * t Fin.
Jl to 5— Eucenia Burch. 110 (Fulr) 4 2 1 >i
s« to 1— lim'.pelf. JT.i <Kedfern) 112 2
11 to Ti — Injunction, lls iGsnncn).. a 5 .1 3
Time. 1 :o.; :>-j. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mr*-. L. P. Curtis' b. f. by lit r.
BtroBM-Tbe Humber. Duke of Kendall 115,
Gob! l^'ll 00. April Shown i)<>. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlong;
mfeiUen tillies. 2-y*-ar-olds:
Itet'.iiifi. Hor^e Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
i«« to :?— Outcome, ll'i (J. Martin). 13 1*;
IT. tr, 1— P.urdette. 110 (Hicks) 4 1 Sb
1" to I— Gay h!7.zette. 110 <Cochrn) 7 4 3 5
T:m»-. 1 :«J7 :{-.". Start, bad. Won drlvitig;.
Wtsacr, W. Clay-6 b. f. by Sir Dixon-Oliie
<;i»-r:!i. GanwiMf 110. Pristina 110. Gana
nococ 110. Sonoma Bell 110. Miss Shylock llo.
B<-iie of I>« Hemeaiie 110, Privilege 110, Canta
lou|e IU>. also ran.
FIXTH HACK — One ind a sixteenth mile.'
."?-;.>;¦.! -uJCf and u^ : selling:
Ii-ti.i!g. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *•« Fin.
5 to 1— V. ild Pirate. 10J (O'Xeil!) 2 'J. 1 Z
4 to 1 — I-crd Turco. 02 (Des«ouza). 7 3 2 1
1" to 1 — McMfx-ktn. 107 m^dfern).. 1 1 3 h
Tim«\ 1 :4V Ktarl pdbr. Won handily. Win
ner. F BurleWn br. jr. by Pirate of Penzano-
RiSbt Wild. S=etauket KH. The Khymer 10S.
BMtlre IOC n»rk l»lan«>t »2. KnlKht of the Gar
ter 102. Hscktnfack ««. Athelroy 'Jti, Boutoti
nitre '.»4. Suamplands H;5. also ran.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
NEW YOKK. Sept. 15.— Gravesend entries
First ra«^e. about »>ix furlonps. hiifh-weiRht
handicap — Wealth 14<\ Hieh Chancellor 130,
litre Kins VS'.. Demurrer 123, Mary Street 114
lam^n U4, Biserta 109. Paul Clifford 112,
<-rioete I Oft. SlfdeM KM.
Second race, about two and a half miles.
Keeplerttase — Perion 153. Ivan 15S. DrauRhtf
inon 133. riar?nr IM, CatnaKallan I.V.. Bounder
J.'f' Zinzibar 1.*:. Land cf Clover l»;t>. Opha-
IsIrI.t 123. Lava tor U'>-'{. Baron Pepper 150. Ful
n iratr 123. Knrijtht 142.
Third me*-, five and a. hnlf furlonfr*. th* Wil
l"w. two-.x «-ar-old fillip — Audience !t:». Golden
I 'rop ICt. Terw* «)<». Marni'* t«9. Dimple i).<.
Monsoon 'M. M!-.ec,U 1<IT. Ilortensia 09 Ar
menia ICS. Fine Art !tt. Marjoram 100. Tur
t;uoiM> Ulue 118, l»a;«".le ICJ, Graceful 107
<t<—an Tide 110. Animula irr. Divination lilt.
Forrth race, mile arnl a Quarter, han.iiosp —
Major Daing«>rfipld 12T.. leader Hit. Warranted
106. <~Ucvr W. Uripand B5. Sheriff U*"ll —
M.,cn Palsy »4, Gold B-1I !(2. Colonsay 00
Jawway K>. Oharawlnd 88.
Fifth rac«>. five an.] a half furlong-*. p»-Ilinir.
two->ear-o!.l»!— Bob Murphy 102. Wistaria iH.
Hich Ueda 'M, Atm*-* Rrennan 1<»4 I'iIit-*
Vic- »4. Ar.irad :*t. HjrUs 101. Oarm»iita 103.
Minion 1C4. EUver iJay* 110. Gold t^pink «T
Tel«>phor.r P7, flu-iv.-a-i :i4, Hollo 1CS, Florlzel
'.•4. £r.n Iteran 1(H.
Sixth rr.c*. mile ar.d seventy yards, maidens
— R*v«>rly 1<3. {v,ior.«l Rorc-r 1W. Queen Kliza
\'rl h , V< "\ r"** 1 Kelst ' i n M». Gate» lot. M*da]
l». Dtrk Hol-rts? KW. Calcutta 103. WilMam
f.ea<i 112. Pagrt 163. Guy Park J12. P^eprr
1<H. Pssf Rook KK). I^narka lUt. Tom Lawsoa
]<-«•, Canrr.n Us 11 ii*»
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Race King, High
Chancellor, Biserta.
Second race — Land of Clover, Lav
ator, Fulminate.
Third race — Mineola, Graceful, Ar
menia.
Fourth race — Major Daingerfield,
Moon Daisy, Leader.
Fifth race— Anirad, Wistaria, Bob
Murphy.
Sixth race — Medal, Calcutta, Pass
Book.
DRIVER IS INJURED.
by Fall at Readville.
George Starr Rendered Unconscious
READVILLE. Mass.. Sept l-i.-The rac
ing in the second day of the breeders'
meeting at the Readville track was de
void" of special interest until the very last
heat, when an unfortunate accident oc
curred to Driver George Starr. The four
horses in the 2:1S pace were just rounding
the first turn when a protruding rail of
the fence struck the Bulky fti which Starr
was driving. The sulky was capsized and
Ftarr v.es thrown heavily to the ground.
He remained unconscious for twenty min.
utes. and although subsequent examina
tion showed that no bones were broken
it is possible that there may be internal
injuries.
W. 6 Harms of Glen Falls. N. T.. own
er of Major Dolmar. has refused an offer
from E. K. Smathers of $30,000 for the
priding. Summary:
Foal? of 1900; trottins: paroe $2000: two «n
thrcf — Lizzie A won two straight heats in
2:13>A. 2:1«H- Shorty. Lord Ilobcrts Leon
ard. Dwight and Libbie Quepn also pta'rted
2:20 class; pacing: purse $2000; three in five
— Pan Michael won three straight heats In
2:0-%, 2:VU*i. 2:07'i- Cascade. Ruch. Day
Book Or. Madara. Jim Kyle, DIclc Wilson
and Toung Hayard also Ftarted.
C:10 trottlnx: purse $1000; two Jn three—
MrKlnley won second and third heats In
2:Ot>»4. 2:07>;. Belle Kuser won first heat In
2:08. Nell G wynne. Queen Wilkes. Van Zandt
Hdgcwcod. Cobad and Hallle Rocket also
*?itrte<l.
2:1S c1«f#: pacln*: purse $1000: two In
three— Daphne Direct won two straight beats
in 2:13M. 2:I<«4. Direct L. Burr Oak and
Double Q also started.
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE PRIZE RING AND THE GRIDIRON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
8
HAVANA CIGARS
ADVERTISEMENTS.POPULAR PRIEST WHO LEC
TURED LAST NIGHT BEFORE
THE MEN'S LEAGUE.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., Sept. 15.— The
United States cruiser Maryland was floated
this afternoon. Apparently the ship, la not
rlnmairpH
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15.— Margaret Tennant
Zeigler was to-day granted an absolute
divorce from Otto Zeigler, the retired cy
clist. She is permitted ' to resume her
maiden name. An amicable settlement of
property rights was made. Mrs. Zeigler
Is the cousin of Dorothy Tennant, the
noted beauty.
Mrs. Zeigler Granted a Divorce.
EUREKA— Sailed SeDt 15— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco; stmr Chehalis. for Grays
Harbor, hence Sept 13; stmrs Coquille River
and North Fork, for San Francigco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Sept 15 — Bktn
Kohala, from Chemainus, B C, for Cape Town.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
The Alumni Asociatlon of Notre Dame
College, Mission Dolores, will hold its first
annual reunion on Sunday morning. Sep
tember 20. at 11 o'clock. The election of
officers will take place, after which there
will be a banquet. At 2 o'clock In the
afternoon the members are to give a mu
slcale and literary entertainment, the
music to be under the direction of Miss
Mary Giorgiani. Miss Clara Baker and
Miss Alice Van Reynegom will take
prominent part In the entertainment. The
exercises will be brought to a close with
the benediction of the blessed sacrament.
Alumni to Entertain.
POMONA, Sept. 15.— George Jess died
here early this morning at the age of
84 years. He had been 111 several weeks
and his death was not unexpected. He
came to California from Wisconsin in 1S50
and was amid all the gold excitement of
the early fifties. Then he went into the
cattle business In Southern California and
herded cattle over land where cities like
Pasadena, Rod lands and Pomona have
since crown up. He was one of the or
ganizers of the First National Bank in
Pomona and after a large and busy life
retired in 18S5. He was a man of wealth
and a prominent Free Mason.
Death Calls Southern Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.-?r.he following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Harry W. Keller,
over 21, and May Parmenter over IS, both
-of Oakland: "Wellington H. Sneed, 21.
Oakland, and Edna I. Dickinson, 18. Red
ding; John B. Williams, 21. and Adelaide
B. Blller, 17, both of Oakland; Adolf E.
Anderson, 44, and Mary E. James, over
30, both of Oakland: Arthur McCutcheon.
over 21, and Louise E. Jost, over 18, both
of Oakland ; Joseph E. Lawrence, 22, Dan
ville, and Pearl Stow, 19, Walnut Creek;
Herbert G. .McCarthy, 24, Ashland, and
Georgle V. Fuller, 23, Oakland; Walter J.
Strangs, over 21, and May Hamilton, over
18, both of San Francisco.
Marriag-e Licenses.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— The following
Californians were registered at the hotels
to-day: From San Francisco— A. Bates,
Grand Union; Mrs. H. C. Behr, H. Behr,
Hoffman House; H. A. Clarke, Hotel Vic
toria; C. C. Coxe, Grand Hotel; W. A.
Doyle, Hotel Imperial; G. H..Kiersch,
Hoffman House; Mrs. C. LeFevre, Grand
Union; F. F. Sarbour, Holland; C. J. Fos
iter, Hotel Navarre; R. L. Hill Jr., Hotel
Manhattan; A. M. King, GUsey House;
M. Schmitt, Hotel Savoy; Mrs. S. Wor
kick, Sinclair. From Los Angeles— Bishop
Johnson, Park Avenue; L. G. McNeil,
Bartholdi; A. Stetsoij, M. F. Keefer, Im
perial; E. A. Talbot, Herald Square.
Calif ornians in New York.
The meetings are being held in the
courthouse in which J. B. Marcum lost his
life by an assassin's bullet, and from a
window of which Town Marshal James
Cockrill was murdered.
JACKSOX, Ky., Sept. 15.— A corps of
Salvation Army workers arrived here to
night and began their crusade among the
feudists. They appeared on the streets
to-night clad in their uniforms and the
mountaineers of the feud town gathered
about them In open-mouthed wonderment.
SALVATION ARMY BEGINS
WOBK AMONG FETJDISTS
The complaint of the United States vs.
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company to
recover $300 . for the illegal landing of
Tojlro Fugii\on April 26, 1900, was dis
missed yesterday in the United States
District Court on motion of the District
Attorney on the ground that the com
plaint had been improperly drawn In a
civil action under a criminal statute. It
was alleged that the defendant allowed
a Japanese immigrant to escape from the
Rio de Janeiro after his landing had been
denied by the United States Immigrant
Bureau. The complaint was filed three
years ago during the Incumbency of Unit
ed States Attorney Frank I* Coombs.
Old Suit Dismissed.
Hans Georgeuson, a sailor, residing at
228 East street, lies at the point of death
at the Park Hospital from injuries re
ceived -while bathing at Sutro baths yes
terday afternoon. Georceuson dove into
shallow water and struck his head against
the cement bottom, fracturing his skull.
Injured While Bathing.
Dr. George W. Ogden, formerly of Sac
ramento, was taken to the Emergency
Hospital and locked up in the insane
ward last night. Ogden has been room
ing at the Fulton House, across the street,
and his queer actions lately have
aroused the other roomers. He Is thought
to be either insane or suffering from the
effects of some drug.
Physician Goes Insane.
PORTUGUESE PREPARE
FOB BIG CELEBBATTON
STOCKTON. Sept. 15.— The delegates to
the Grand Supreme Council of the I. D.
E. 6. are having a good time In Stockton.
The greater part of to-day was spent by
the FCEfion in disposing of the many ques
tions confronting the order. To-morrow,
after a morning session, the day will be
Fpent in festivities. A big barbecue and
picnic will be held at Eintracht Park and
preparations are being made by the ob
servers of the feast of the Holy Ghost to
celebrate in grand style.
Several large oxen have been chosen for
the slaughter and the event will be ac
companied by speech-making, dancing,
gernes and various kinds of sports will
be kept going all afternoon. Thursday
night the grand officers and delegates and
visitor* will be given a grand ball in Ma
ponlc Hall by San Joaquin Council No.
S3.
PBISONEB MAKES KEYS
ANT> LEAVES THE JAIL
YREKA, Sept. 13 —Joseph Fldler, an all
around bad man from Sisson, escaped
from the county jail here last night and
is now at large. Fidler was serving a
ninety-day Bentence for beating his
wife. He escaped by <he aid of wooden
keys which he manufactured during his
leisure hours. When he got out into the
Sheriffs office, which is in th» Jail build-
Jrx, he appropriated Deputy Sheriff
£haw'i revolver. Nothing haa been heard
from him.
Negro Lynched in Main Street.
CEXTERVILLE. Mies.. Sept. 15.—Wil
liam Williams, a. negro, was lynched in
Main etreet here to-day by a mob of sev
eral hundred pereons. William^, who was
a labor agent, has been here several days
employing negroes for contractors In
other States. During a quarrel with J. H.
Germany, a white man, Williams drew a
revolver and shot Germany dead. A mob
«ae quickly at Williams' heels and a run
ring fight followed, which ended *lh the
negro bring captured and shot to death
• #W mi.. V*
The Collector of Customs has been ad
vised by the Treasury Department that
an exhibit of the products, manufactures,
arts, ethnology and education of the Phil
ippine Islands is contemplated at the St.
Louis exposition next year. The exhibit
will require the attendance of 1200 resi
dents of the islands and about 10,000 tons
of miscellaneous freight. The freight und
passengers will be conveyed by army
transports and they will come to the ports
of San Francisco and Seattle. The trans
port Dix with 4000 tons of freight and
eleven Filipino passengers Is now due at
Seattle. There are on the way to San
Francisco thirty-one Filipinos and a
quantity of freight, all bound for the
same destination.
Philippine Exhibits Coming.
Antonio Gularte was instructed and ar
raigned in Police Judge Fritz's court
yesterday on a charge of arson and the
preliminary hearing was set for Friday.
Gularte is accused of having set fire to
his barber shop at 415y 2 Powell street last
Saturday morning. His bonds have been
fixed at $5000.
Arraigned on Arson Charge.
Prince and Princess Ponlatowski and
their children leave to-day for the East
In the Crocker private car Mishawauka.
They will embark for Europe on October
6. The Prince expects to return to Sa.n
Francisco in about three months, but the
other members of his family will remain
abroad about a year.
Samuel Nash, district freight agent for
the Gould lines in Los Angeles, is spending
a few days in the city.
Colonel Kahlo of New York, one of the
leading factors in the American Manu
facturers' Association, who has been
staying at the Palace for several weeks,
left for the South yesterday.
Dr. B. Caldwell Of Biggs Is at the
Grand.
Dr. D. Smith of Livermore is at the
Grand.
Frank Buclt of Vacaville Is at the
Palace.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of Stockton
is staying at the l>ick.
T. J. Parker, a physician of San Diego,
is registered at the Lick.
T. J. Field, the well-known Monterey
banker, is at the Palace.
Dr. Robert J. Logge of McCloud Is
among the latest arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
The California launching committee of
the Native Sons of the Golden West held
an enthusiastic meeting last night In the
library of the association, 414 Mason
street. This committee is composed of
three members of each San Francisco and
bay county parlor and one representative
from each interior parlor. The idea of
this meeting was to devise ways and
means to defray the expenses attending
the celebration of the launching of tht
cruiser California, which event will prob
ably take olaoa early In January.
It was decided to use the surplus left
on hand from the Admission day cele
bration at San Jose as a nucleus for the
fund. This will make a starter of about
$1000. Arrangements were perfected to
give a minstrel show as one means of
raising: money. It was decided to give
the performances on the evenings of Sep
tember 23 and 30 and October 1 at Native
Sons' Hall.
The minstrels will also show two nights
in Oakland under the management of
Senator Know-land of Alameda. Over
seventy members were present.
Discusses Ways and Means of Rais
ing Funds to Celebrate Bap
tism of New Cruiser.
LAUNCHING COMMITTEE
HOLDS LARGE MEETING
Richard B. Keehan appeared before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of attempt to commit burglary-
He was instructed and arraigned and the
case continued till to-morrow. Police
man Mitchell caught Keehan about 4
o'clock yesterday morning in the act of
trying to take articles from the window
of a stationery store at 19 Fourth street.
Accused of Attempted Burglary.
City Attorney Lane yesterday advised
the Department of Electricity that he
does not find any direct authority for the
department named to employ or appoint
any assistants other than those specif
ically designated in the charter. The
only way In which this can be done Is
for the Supervisors to authorize such ap
pointments by an "affirmative vote of
fourteen members of the board after the
Mayor has investigated and recommended
the necessity for such appointments. The
opinion is the result of the desire of the
department named to classify its em
ployes at increased salaries under the
heads of cashier, clerk, stenographer,
etc.
Supervisors Must Act.
Steamer Del Norte Libeled.
Alfred Vigre filed a libel yesterday In
the United States District Court against
the American steamer Del Norte to re
cover $0000 damages for Injuries alleged
to haave been received on May 13 of this
year by the breaking of the pennant of
the main boom, whereby he was maimed
and crippled for life, :i » he alleges,
through the carelessness of the officers
and owners of the vessel
The Taeoma and Roch.j Harbor Lime
Company filed a libel in the United States
District Court yesterday against the same
vessel to recover $575 damages for alleged
injuries sustained by the brigantine Wil
liam G. Irwln In a collision with the Del
Norte. It is alleged that the Irwln was
at anchor In ihis harbor with all her
lights lighted and that the Del Norte
ran Into her on August 13. 1903. owing to
the negligence of her officers.
Sabin Arraig^ied for Murder.
William Sabln was instructed and ar
raigned before Police Judge Mogan ye3
terday on a charge of murder, and the
preliminary hearing was set for Satur
day. He presented a pitiable sight.. He
Is accused of shooting and killing his
wife, Mrs. Nellie Sabln, from whom he
had been separated, at her home, 1S12
Mason street, on the morning of August
2. At the same time he cut his own
throat and shot himself In the head, with
the Intention of committing «uiclde.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13.— The execu
tive comrriittee of the State Anti-Debris
Association to-day refused to grant an
application made by representatives of
Eastern capitalists to work the Blue Point
mine In Tuba County. The mine, which
is owned by Patrick Campbell, is now
rlcsed under an injunction. It is desired
to work the mine by a new process and
to install some new machinery, but be
fore doing so a certain slide of gravel,
amounting to about 800,000 cubic yards,
mu«rt be removed by the sluice process,
and the petitioners sought to get the
consent of the association to its removal
so that the parties removing it would not
he in contempt of court.
The Campbell mine is situated above the
barriers now being constructed by the
Federal and State governments near Da-
Ruerre Point, on the Yuba River, and for
which work the Federal and State gov
ernments have appropriated $300,000. The
Antl-Dcbris Association holds that to
wash down the gravel would impair the
navigability of the Tacramento River.
Is Refused.
Application of Eastern Men to Work
Property on the Sacramento
MINERS CANNOT SEND
DEER1S IN THE KIVER
King Ah On, a Chinese fruit dealer at
744 Washington street, and Ah So, his
housekeeper, were booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a warrant Issued by
Police Judge Cabaniss. charging thstn
with neglecting to bury a deceased in
fant. Yesterday morning Ah So handed
to Louie Cavagnaro, a scavenger, a
satchel and gave him 23 cents to take it
away In his wagon. After she had gone
Cavagnaro became suspicious and on
opening the satchel discovered the dead
body of an Infant. He could not find the
woman and reported the matter to the
police. Detectives Ryan and Taylor ar
rested Kine Ah On and Ah So and the
former admitted his wife had given birth
to the chiTd, which was still-born, and
th!3 was confirmed by an autopsy at the
Morgue. They explained they did not
know they were violating the law.
Violate the Health Ordinance.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children notified the Commission
ers that the organization had voted Pa
trolman Jack Stelzner a medal for his
display of bravery In having rescued a
boy from beneath a Geary -street car. The
medal will be presented to the officer on
next inspection day.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last night Patrolman Archie Hammil.
who has been in trouble before, was fined
$200 for being intoxicated and failing to
report in time for duty. J. Oster, driver
of a patrol wagon, was fined $5 for re
porting for duty late. The case of Pa
trolman -Paul Clew, charged with failing
to pay his debts, was postponed until
October 6. bv which time he promises to
make a full settlement of his obligations.
Officer James F. Dennan, who is charged
with having struck the proprietress of the
loc?cing-house at 23 Seventh street re
cently, was given until Tuesday next to
further Dlead his case.
Heavy Fine for Hammil.
Judge Seawell in the opinion handed
down with the decision did not go into the
merits of the bootblack's contention that
the board's refusal to issue him a permit
and the Tax Collector's refusal to issue a
license were invalid acts. He simply held
that because Gheggeri had no license he
could not afford him relief, If these of
ficers improperly refused to grant the
plaintiff a permit or license, says the
court, his remedy would be a suit for a
writ of mandate compelling them, to do so.
The application of Giovanni Gheggeri
for an injunction preventing the Board of
Public Works from removing his boot
black stand, at the southwest corner of
Pine and Kearny streets, was denied by
Judge Seawell yesterday. Gheggeri had
no license to maintain the stand, having
been refused one by the Tax Collector,
and the court held that because of this
the Board of Public Works was acting
clearly within its rights in ordering the
removal of the stand.
Judge Seawell Refuses to Issue an
Injunction Restraining Board
of Public Works.
GIOVANNI GHEGGERI MUST
REMOVE BOOTBLACK STAND
Leopold Juzix, a stevedore employed in
unloading the steamer Uarda, lying at
Broadway pier No. 2, was struck and in
stantly killed yesterday afternoon by a
falling iron hatch beam, weighing about
700 pounds, and J. Green, a fellow laborer,
sustained a fractured skull, which may
prove fatal.
The accident occurred about 4:30 p. m.
as a 'quantity of saltpeter was being
hoisted out of the hold. The two men
were working in the hold of the vessel,
directly under the middle hatch, and as
the load ascended it came in contact with
the massive iron beam and dislodged it
from the grooves In which it rested.
"Without warning, the ponderous weight
fell into the hold through the open hatch,
striking Juzix and breaking his back.
Green was struck on the head and mirac
ulously escaped instant death. Willing
hands tenderly conveyed the two bleeding
forms to the deck, but upon examination
Juzix was found to be dead. Green was
conveyed to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where he now lies In a precarious
condition.
Juzix was unmarried and resided at
22S>£ Bighth street. An investigation will
be necessary to determine the responsi
bility for the accident.
Stevedore Crushed ' to Death on
Steamer Uarda and Fellow Laborer
Sustains Fractured Skull.
FALLING IRON BEAM KILLS
ONE AND INJURES ANOTHER
nue. 175 N of Point Lobos. N 60 by E 120; $10.
Same to Sarah J. Swift, lot on W line of
Twentieth avenue, 125 S of J street, S 25 by
W 120; ?1O.
Jane A. Mead to Emma V. Morey. lot on E
line of Forty-Eeventh avenue, 225 S of T
street, S 25 by E 120: sift.
Adelbert R*lknap to Nettie J. Harbine, lot
176K. gift mao 3; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on K line of Condon street. 99 S of
Precita. S 25 by E 70, lot 17, George Ryan's
subdivision of Precita Valley, 234 to 238;
also lot on E line of Condon street, 174 S of
Precita, S 25 by E 70, lot 20. «ame; $10.
Same to Bartholomew J. Dennehy, lot on
NE line of Wilder street, 175 SE of Diamond.
-*«E 25 by NE 100, lot 8, block 2. Fairmount
Extension; ?10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. J. Harvlin* and Mr*. C. F. Martin
(owners) with L. B. Floaa and C. L. Wold
(contractors), architect C. F. Martin— All work
tor a two-story and basement frame building
on W line of Mississippi street. 100 N of Eigh
teenth. X 25 by 100, PN 305; $4900.
Daniel and Mary Murphy (owners) with An
drew A. Wesendunk (contractor), architect
All work for a one-story and attic
fram« dwelling on W line of Sanchez street,
SO N of Twenty-eighth. 25 by 100; $2050.
Herman F. Suhr (owner) with Cook & Young
(contractor), architect Frederick D. Boese — Ex
cavating, grading, concrete, brick work, car
penter work, plumbing, tin work, glazing, plas
tering and painting for a three-story frame
building on E line of MlMHon etnwt, 65 S of
•p-,.«.w--t-».»h k 40 bv E 115: $0234.
street. W 120: $ .
Pacific Improvement Company to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot on
NE corner of Seventeenth and Mlaslselppl
«reet«. N 114:7, E C5:5. NE 81, SE 111:8.
SW 112. W 126; $10.
Andrew M. Wilson to same, lot on NW cor
ner of Seventeenth and Pennsylvania streets,
\V 74. NE 103. SE 40:5«4, S C9:4%; $10.
Henry F. and Christina Frahm to Oscar Hey
man. lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 150 S of
California street, S 25 by E 12O; $10.
Oscar Hryman to Max Rosenbach, name; $10.
Elizabeth A. Crosthwalte to Solomon Gets,
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 225 N of
Point Lobos. N 50 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Frederick and
Lillle Wagner, lot on E line of Eleventh ave-
Maurice Brandt to Etta Brandt, undivided
third of lot on KVf corner of CJrove and Octaviu
streets', N 120 by W Oo: K»ft.
Richard D Biauvelt Jr. to Margaret J. Nich
ols texecutrix of estate of Mary L. Kidd), lot
on E line of Hollis street, 100 S of O'Farrell,
S 2a by E 9<»; *10.
City and County of San Francisco to Agnes
Fchief*r. lot on W line of Buchanan street. 31:0
N' of Herman. N U0:O by W !H»; * .
Ferd N.. Lcuis E. and Henry M. Kahn to
Linda H. Coleman (wife of Barry), lot on E
line of Fillmcre etreet, 50 N of Jackson, N U.>
by K 112: *10.
City and County of Pan Francisco to Emelie
Lyons, lot on SE corner of Chestnut and
Ptreets. K 122:2*4. S 137:«. W 10:C>«,.
S 137 :ti, W 100:2 H. x 275; also lot on SB cor
ner of Lombard and Steiner streets. E 94:2 ',4.
S\V 121. \V 82:0*4, N 120; also lot on X\V cor
ner of Lombard and Steiner streets, N 275. W
13T:ti, S 137:0, W 137:H, S 137:0, E 275; $ .
Morris Dobner to Henry J. Lyr.g. lot on S
lin« of Haight Etreet, 10^:ii \V of Steiner, W 25
by S 137 :«: $1«».
Klora and Isaac Baer to Fame; same; $10.
Frederick W. and May E. Bridge to Emlie J.
Zimm<"r. lot en N line of Green etreet, 137:%
E of Uroderick. E 34:4'4 by N 137:6: $10.
Same to Leosie Gregg (wife of Wellington
Jr ) lot on N line -of Green street, 171:10^ E
of Uroderick. E 34:4>± by N 1.57:6; $10.
August Harrington to William J. and Anna
M M. Horstmar.n, lot on S' line of Beulah
Etreet, 1<«J W of Cole, W U0 by S 125; $10. .
Katherine D. and Joe T. Fohetm to Abraham
Lachman lot on XW corner of Washington and
Locust etreets. W 47:6 by N 127:8 ',4; $10.
Warren and Isabella EartleU to William
Kiely. lot on N line of Tw^nty-flret street,
134:10% E of Treat avenue, E 25:1%, N ldo.
W 20, S 100: $10.
S. P. and Caroline R. Blumenberg to Jesse
D Hannah, lot on W line of Dolores street,
SO S of Fourteenth. S 75 by W 100; $10.
Mary E. Oeeterrt-icher to S. Joseph Thiesen.
lot on E line of No? street. 77:6 S of Four
teenth. S 25 by E 105; also all interest in e»
tate of Farah C. Roberts, deceased; valuable
consideration.
Richard and George Rofs to Henry and
Helene Munster, lot en S line of Twentieth
street. 10.'. E of Castro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
City and County of San Francigco to Mabel
V Uoff. lot on W line of Florida street, 182
N of Twenty-third. N 52 by W 1OO; * .
William P. and Sophie M. Flinn to Denis
H Stake lot on E line of Hampshire street,
350 S of Twenty-Kecond, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Catharina Roeder to Angelo and Angela
Figone. lot on S line of Filbert street. 51:10%
E of Mason. E 23:1U. S S3:«. W 23:21*. N
S3:e; ?1O.
Nancy Gallacher to Emma F. Powers, lot
-on E line of Hyde street, 57:0 N of Washing
ton. X 20 by E 87:0; also all interest in estate
of Thomas H. Gallagher: gift.
Alexander Garrioch to Charto I... Tilden. lot
on NW line of King street. 412:6 NE of Third,
NE 137:6 by W 1«7:6 iqultclalm deed): $10.
A. S. Macdonald to 'William Helbing, lot on
NE line of Sixth street, 205 NW of Brannan,
NW 70 by NE 165; $10.
Goorge and Elira Dlllman to James P. and
Kptherine E. GleaFon. lot on E line of Kan-
Fas street. 225 B of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by E
100; $10.
Citv and County of San Francisco to Pacific
Improvement Company, lot on NE corner of
Santa Clara and Mississippi streets. N 114:7.
E to patent line, SE to land granted March 2.
1K70, to James Chresty, SW to Santa Clara
TUESDAT. SEPTEMBER 15.
City and County of San Francisco to Mar
garet A. Leonard, lot on S\V corner of Van
Xe&s avenue and Fell street. S 4S by W K!:'J;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The Rev.
Father Thomas McSweeney, pas
tor of St. Francis de Sales Church
of this city, addressed the Men's
League at the First Congrega
tional Church, corner of Twelfth anC Clay
streets, to-night on the "Pope and the
Cardinals in the Vatican, Rome." The
occasion was the regular quarterly meet
ing and banquet of the league. The as
sembly room was well crowded with an
appreciative audience. v,
In introducing Father McSweeney, Pres
ident Warren Olney Jr. of the league said
that there had always been a feeling ?f
pympathy and' respect between the va
rious sects' and that Father McSweeney,
regardless of the difference in. religion,
had graciously agreed to come and give
them a. talk.
Father McSweeney in brief said:
I will tell you something of the cardinals and
the Pope. During the second and third cen
turies, when Christianity in Rome increased,
branches of the church were formed in various
parts of the city. These were known as par
ishes and were the dwelling; places of some
Christians. There are seventy cardinals in the
Roman College and every one bears a title.
This title is taken from some original parisn
of Rome. Each cardinal descends from som*
parish and is known as the cardinal of that
parish. The cardinals are men from all over
the earth, men of known worth, of honor, for
they are the men from whom the Pope's suc
cessor Is chosen.
The, Pope never leaves the \atican. Toil
may ask why. Ever after Victor Emmanuel,
with his troops, entered Rome, Pius IX stayed
in the Vatican. For twenty-six years Pope
Leo XIII. never stepped out of the Vatican.
The Popes do not reoognlze the presence of the
KinB They look upon him as a usurper — as
bMng on the throne unjustly. That is why
the Pore stays within the walls of the Vatican.
He knows that he has a throne in the hearts
of his three hundred million people. His word
is their law. and they look to him for guidance
in their faith and morals.
One of the most remarkable men of this age
was Pot>e Leo. He wa» a wonderful man, a
man with a biz heart, a remarkable disposi
tion His one desire was that the men of all
nations should live in peace, harmony and hap
piness. Our present Pope, Pius X. is alao a
Brand character and well fitted to rule his vtst
religious army.
Father J cSweeney closed with a short
talk on the Catholic view of education.
The $6oO,OQO estate of David R. Jones,
the pioneer lumberman, who died a few
days ago, was disposed of by the de
ceased in a will made by him just one
month prior to his death. .The document
was filed for probate yesterday. Accord
ing to its terms Beatrice Jones and Ma
bel Dodge, grandchildren of the deceased,
are each to receive $75,000 and the resi
due of the estate is to go to C. C. Bemis,
executor of the will, in trust for John R.
Jones, Lillle Butterfield and Anne B.
Cookson, children of the deceased. They
are to share equally the income of tlie
trust and in the event of their deaths
it is to go to their children.
Jones' estate consists of the lot on
which is erected the building occupied by
Hale Bros., a house and lot on Army
street, realty in Homer's Addition, a
promissory note for $12,000 and $05,000 in
cash.
Beatrice Jones and Mabel Dodge Re
membered in the Will of David
R. Jones, the Lumberman.
He bequeaths all his jewelry except a
watch chain and locket to his nephew,
William Walter Ch^noweth of San Fraii-
H.sco. He gives the watch chain and
locket rrfcrred to to h!s cousin, Claud?
Fairchfld of Oakland. He devises the
r»st of his property as follows: Three-
BlXXba to his sister. Nellie Chenoweth;
two-Sixths to his uncle, Judd Fairchild;
?nd one-sixth to his father. Elbert D.
Ruckman. He appoints George V. My
rick and Fred Raschen as his executors
without bonds. It is believed that the
property which Buckman disposed of in
bis will was acfjuirod by him prior to
his marriage and that it was not com
munity property in the legal sense.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 15.— The will of
the late Homer O. Buckman was filed for
probate to-day. It disposes of property
valued at about $3000 to others than his
wife, who when he married her a couple
of yeais ago was Miss Ora Runyon, the
reputed possessor of half a million In
herited from her father, a river farmer.
In his will Mr. Buckman directs that "af
*.<-r my death my body s^hall be decently
huri*<1. without' undue ceremony and os
t-ntation and in accordance, with ray
station in life."
Property Is Bequeathed to Relatives
and Friends by the Late
Sacrarnentan.
HOMER BUCKMAN'S WILL
IS FILED FOR PROBATE
LEAVES HANDSOME LEGACY
TO HIS GRANDCHILDREN
Arimmimi complained to the police and
on Monday he pointed out Greenberg and
Metzger as the two men who had tricked
him. They were arrested and yesterday
Arimmimi swore to the complaint against
them.
Joseph Greenberg. a "spieler" for a
pawnshop on Kearny street, near Clay,
and Leon Metzger, employed in the same
capacity for a shooting gallery under the
New Western Hotel, were booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of pet
ty larceny by trick and device. The
complaining witness against them is Isi
dore Arimmimi, a visitor from San Luis
Obtspo.
Arimmimi alleges that he met Green
berg on Washington street a week ago.
Greenberg told him that his father owned
Llchtensteln'a pownshop and if he wanted
to buy anything it could be got cheap.
Greenberg took the stranger to China
town and, it 13 alleged, borrowed $5 from
him. Then he took him to the shooting
gallery under the New Western. wher»
Metzger Joined them and wanted to know
if Gresnberg was willing to pay $10 for <*.
ring he produced. Greenberg said he
would only give $7 50 and he induced th«
stranger to buy it. Experts say the ring
is worth 25 cent3.
Are Booked on Charge of
Petty Larceny.
Joseph Greenberg and Leon Metzger
SPIELERS ACCUSED OF
SWINDLING STRANGER
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— Between 3000 and
4000 persons passed through Chicago to
day on their way to seek homes in Okla
homa, Indian Territory. Texas. Louisiana,
California and other States. The move
ment was the largest of its kind ever re
corded in a single day in the history of
Western railroads. The occasion was the
first day of the homeseekers' rates to the
West and Southwest, the rate to Califor
nia and return being $33 and the rates to
other States considerably less than one
fare for the round trip.
Low Railroad Rates the Cause
of Record-Breaking Travel
Through Chicago.
ARMY OF HOMESEEKERS
JOURNEYS WESTWARD
People Make a Complaint
Against the Creek
Output.
Still believing that he has the right to
work, Oakes says he Is obeying the law
by^Jwearing his protector in full view of
any one interested enough In him to ob
serve the weapon.
Chairman Davis' query has been re
ferred to the City Attorney for an opin
ion.
Oakes had been the tarket for a fusillade
of rocks and vile epithets. Believing that
he had a right to work, he decided to as
sert himself and he accepted an invita
tion from Jhe crowd to come down the
pole. While he was descending Oakes
drew a loaded revolver from his pocket
and served hotiee that he would kill the
first man that molested him. On the
ground in the midst of the crowd he
backed himself against a wall and with
revolver pointed into the yelling and hoot
ing gathering sternly held his place. Some
of the disturbers found a policeman, who
arrested Oakes for carrying a concealed
weapon. He was technically guilty and
was fined S10.
The spectacle of a telephone company
lineman going about his everyday work
with a serviceable pistol hanging to a
strap belt outside of his garments, in
plain and suggestive view, has aroused
the ire of the telephone company's strik
ing linemen.
Edward Davis, chairman of the strikers'
grievance committee, has gone before the
Mayor to ascertain whether this armed
workman is not violating the law touch
ing the carrying of concealed weapons
when he openly exposes the revolver so
conspicuously.
Investigation disclosed that the employe
about whom the inquiry was directed was
W. Oakes, a lineman, who had been ar
rested two weeks ago and fined after he
had drawn a pistol upon a crowd of sixty
or seventy men that had gathered In
force at the foot of a telephone pole upon
which he was working.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept. 13.
If we cannot eet the alarms straight the
fire-ftghtins facilities of the city will be handi
capped and rendered far from efficient.
The estimate prepared by Mr. Babcock
places the cost of the improvements at
$14,500. Even if the recommendations are
allowed at once it will be several months
before the new apparatus can be com
pleted and the storage batteries installed.
Owing to the chemical action of the salt
breezes blowing inland the wires corrode and
become useless very quickly. Copper wires are
being substituted on West Seventh street. In
the up-town districts where the bay winds do
not strike to forcibly because of their more
sheltered position, the wires last longer, but
they will eventually have to be replaced with
copper, which more effectually withstands the
effects of the elements.
The City Electrician has this to say re
garding the matter:
SALT AIR CORRODES WIRE.
Many of the old lines of iron wire are
little better than streaks of rust, and
they are continually breaking and caus
ing trouble, and as they will soon have to
be replaced Mr. Babcock wishes to sub
stitute copper for the iron wire now in
use.
The CHy Electrician has prepared an
estimate of the cost of a number of
changes nectssary for the betterment oi
the fire alarm system, among which is the
substitution of storage batteries for the
bluestone gravity cells now in use. If
this change is made it will result in an
annual saving to the city of $S00. To re
lieve the present overload on the wires
running into headquarters it will be nec
essary to install a new Gamewell switch
board of twelve boxes and twelve striking
circuits to take the place of the board of
ten box and eight striking circuits now in
use.
CHANGES NECESSARY.
City Electrician Babcock spent the day
trying to locate the source of the trouble.
He has not yet been able to make an esti
mate of the damage, but it will probably
amount, to more than JCOOO, as it will be
necessary to install an entirely new set
vt fuse boxes, as well as to repair the
damage done to the relays, gongs and ca
bles. •
The fire alarm system and the police
telephones were seriously impaired to-day
as the result of a live wire somewhere in
East Oakland crossing with one of the
fire alarm wires at 4 o'clock this morning,
and burning out nearly every fuse in the
entire systems.
The current thrown into the fire alarm
wire? must have been heavy, as it jumped
the protecting fuses at the houses of En
gines 4 and 6 and burned out the gongs
and cables and put two relays out of busi
ness at the headquarters on Fifteenth
street. The police te!ephone system re
ceived its ehare of the "juice" and a large
number of the boxes are out of order, ne
cessitating the use of the public telephone
service by the officers. ...
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 15.
Sentence was then pronounced against
him in accordance with the verdict
brought in by the jury which convicted
him, fixing his punishment at life impris
onment. He was then remanded into the
care of the Sheriff and later taken to San
Quentin.
"If that is all," replied the Judge, "all
that I can say is that I do not believe
a word of your story, but 1 do not wish
to discuss It." i
Victor Walkirez was sentenced to-day
by Judge John Ellsworth to serve fhe
remainder of his natural life in San Quen
tin prison for the murder of aged Eliza
beth l>eroy, whom he killed on May 4.
As soon as his sentence had been pro
nounced Walkirez. was taken to the Coun
ty Jail, where he packed his few belong
ings and. in the care of Jailer Harry
Clark, took the first train that would con
nect with the stage for the prison.
The ceremonies attending the sentencing
of "Walkirez were short and there was
nothing to mark the proceedings as un
usual other, perhaps, than the crowded
state of the corridors leading to the court
room and the room itself. Jurors wait
ing to be called in other departments and
others gathered to see the final act neces
sary to make the legal proceedings com
plete.
Walkirez showed little nervousness, and
when Judge Ellsworth asked him if there
was any reason why the sentence of court
should not be pronounced against him
he said: "I don't remember having done
what they say 1 did and 1 don't believe
1 did it."
—
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Sept. 15.
They declare that however beautiful
Rock Ridcre Park might be much of its
attractiveness is spoiled because of the
proximity of Mountain View and St.
Mary's cemeteries.
On the other hand the Rock Ridge con
tingent claim that the Syndicate proposi
tion involves a saving of many thousands
of dollars to the club in purchase of lands
and is amply large for all the purposes
for which the exclusive organization haa
been formed.
Whether the recently organized Clare
mont Country Club, rival in outdoor
sports to Burllnsame, shall stand by the
original plan of establishing Itself at
Claremont on the lands owned by E4son
F. Adams or shift its headquarters to
the 100 odd acres northwest of Mountain
View Cemetery, known as Rock lUi'.ga
Park and owned by the Realty Syndicate,
is the question that has caused a wide
rent in the hitherto harmonious prelimi
naries of organization.
The board of directors has called a
meeting for Thursday night for considera
tion of the Realty Syndicate's proposi
tion, as advanced by Frank CL Havens,
manager of that corporation. Meantime
the partisans of the original project and
the friends of the Adamses on the di
rectorate and the followers of the Haven*
ayndicate proposition are lining up for
the fray.
At this point in the controversy which
has apparently taken first place In th«
club's affairs neither the Adams nor the
Havens factions have determined Just
what Is their strength. Those who still
favor the Claremont site justify their ar
guments by pointing out its superb nat
ural attractions and its accessibility from
street car lines soon to be constructed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Sept. 15.
Mr. Duke brought suit in San Rafael
and the matter has been referred to Jus
tice Macee for settlement.
That by reason of d'fen^&nt'a nejrlect ana
faiiur* to supply plaintiff mith pure water,
I'laintiff, to his (Treat inconvenience and an
noyar.ee. was compelled to carry water from
¦ neighbor and was compelled and did pay
r.ne Frlzri the *am of five dollars to supply
paid plaintiff with water for household pur
poses durir.r the time said defendant agreed
la f=o furnish plaintiff and failed to do so.
The complaint avers that on the 7th
rf May, 1903. Duke paid $2 to have the
water turned on at his residence and at
the same time paid a fee of $2 for ser
vice for pure water from May 7 to June
7. 1903: that on June 15, 1503." he paid $2
for service of pure water to July 7, 1M3.
The complaint further alleges:
That said plaintiff ha* failed and refused
to furnish said plaintiff with pure water, but
on the contrary, has furnished plaintiff with
rir.pure water and unfit for household pur
pose*, which durinir said time was a menace
to thf« health of- the members of plaintiff's
household
LARKSPUR, Sept. 15.— The people of
Larkspur, and particularly Attorney Rob
ert D. Duke of San Francisco, who has
a summer heme here, are complaining
about their town water supply. Lark
spur Is supplied with water from creeks
in the adjacent canyons and the Ameri
can Land and Title Company of San
Francisco owns the appurtenances and
furnishes consumers.
Owing to the poor quality of the water
many of the consumers have recently
been compelled to either have it shut off,
use filters or purchase enough for house
hold purposes from neighboring wells.
Mr. Wright, the local representative of
the corporation, gives as a reason that
the poor quality of water is due to the
inadequate supply occasioned by the lack
of water in the streams. At. any rate,
Mr. Duke has brought suit against the
company and asks the courts to award
him heavy daraaces.
Special Dispatch to Th<- Call
Adams and Haven3 Are at
Swords' Points Over Site
for Grounds.
Hears His Doom Pronounced
and Is Hurried on
His Way.
Employe Declares His Pur
pose to Stand on Right
Gongs in Two Houses Ren
dered Useless and Police
Phones Silenced.
Cross With Live Wire
Burns Out Cables
and Relays.
Rock Ridge Park Pro
ject Is Cause of Much
Debate.
Larkspur Resident De
clares the Beverage
Is Impure.
Strikers Object to Ac
tion of Telephone
Company Man.
Begins His Life Sen
tence at the State
Prison.
COUNTRY CLUB
IS ALL ASTIR
LINEMAN WEARS
PISTOL OUTSIDE
CRIPPLES FIRE
ALARM SYSTEM
WALKIREZ GOES
TO SAN QUENTIN
WATER SUPPLY
CAUSES A SUIT
• THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
Rev. Father McSweeney of St. Francis de Sales
Parish Speaks at Quarterly Meeting on "Pope
and the Cardinals in the Vatican, Rome"
ADDRESS TO MEN'S LEAGUE
AT CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
9
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
This scientific gerniicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial si^e,
• 1 .00, at druggists or by mail, frua
61.0 Prince St. - V«w Tort
Send Jor Booklet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Steamer. From. | Due.
Chas. Nelson. . Seattle Sept. 16
St. Paul .- Nome via Seattle Sept. 16
Montara Port Harford Sept. 16
Welllncton... Oyster Harbor Sept. 18
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 16
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 16
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. IB
Phoenix Mendocino ............ Sept. 16
Redondo San Pedro Sept. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Sept. 18
Edith Seattle Sept. 17
Chlco Coqullle River Sept. 17
Centralla San Pedro Sept. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 17
Pomona Humboldt I Sept. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Sept. 17
City Sydney.. New York via Panama Sept. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts . I Sept. 17
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. ArenajSept. 17
Arcata Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford.|Sept. 17
Eureka.. t.... Humboldt Sept. 19
City Peking... China & Japan Sept. Vt
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 1»
Cooh Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 1»
S. Barbara San Pedro Sept. 20
F- H. Leggett. Portland Sept. 20
Corona j Humboldt Sept. 20
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
State Callforn San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria ... Sept. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Taeoma Sept. 21
New-burg Grays Harbor Sept. 21
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Chehalis Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 22
O W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 22
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Sept. 23
Newport New York via Panama. Sept. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor [Sept. 24
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urvey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point.' entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority, cf the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tbe height of
tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day. 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
tlm«. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge. '
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
September 15.
Time Ball.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Carpa
thia, for New York, via Queenstown.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 15 — Stmr AuranU.
for Liverpool ; «tmr Deutschland, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth; stmr Georglc, for Liver
pool.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Kronprinz
Wilhelm, from New York.
ACAFULCO— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Peru, for
Panama. S^rt H— Ktmr Newport, for San
Francisco, t
Arrived Sept 11— Er ship Celtic Queen, from
Newcastle. Aus.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 15— Br itmr Em
press cf India, from Hongkong.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr Sierra,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu and Pago
Pago, for Sydney, NSW.
CALLAO— Arrived Au? 30— Ger bark Cap
Horn, hence May 31. Aug 31 — Br ship Loch
Finlas. h<?nc» June 6
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Aug 25 — Ger itmr
Menes. for Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 25— Br ship
Australian, for 1 AcaDulco.
Arrived Sept H— Ship Henry Villard, frc-m
Delagoa Bay; bark Gen Fairchlld, from Fre
mantle.
Sailed Sept 12 — Br ship Queen Margaret, for
Honolulu.
PANAMA— Sailed Sept 1— Nor ship Rokeby
Hall, for Port Townsend.
SYDNEY— Sailed Aug 15— Bark Sonoma, for
San Francisco.
Arrived fc'cpt 15 — Stmr Vancouver, from Van
couver; stmr Aorangl, from Vancouver.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Sept 13 — Ship John
Ena. from Adelaide.
CHAMPER1CO— Sailed Sept 13— Ger otmr
Isis, for San Francisco. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Eept 15— Ship Erskine
M PhelDS, from Norfolk.
Sailed Sept 14— Schr John F Miller, for San
Francisco; etmr Melville Dollar, for San Pe
dro.
SEATTLV — failed Sect 15 — Stmr Edith, for
San Francisco. Stpt 14 — Stmr City of Seattle,
for Skagway; stmr City of Topeka, for Skag
way,
Arrived S<!Dt 15— Strar James Dollar, hence
Sept 11.
PORT IIADLOCK— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
Sequoia, from Nome
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 15 — Schr J M Col
man and stmr Columbia, for San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 15— Schr Prosper, for Manila.
SAN PKDHO— Arrived Sept 15— Schr Salva
tor, from Coos Bay; schr Glendale, from Coos
Bay; stn;r Olympic, from Falrhaven; stmr Na
varro, hence Seut 13. ¦ «
EUREKA— Arrived Best 15 — Stmr Chehalis,
hence Sept 13.
Sailed Sept 15 — Schr Fortuna, for San Frar
cisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived 6ept 15— Stmr West
port, from Bear Harbor. .
FORT UP.AGG — Arrived Sept 15— Stmr
Noyo. from Redondo.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 18 — Schr F S
Redlield, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORT. '
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
September 16. 1
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
C Nelson... Los A-ngeles Ports. 10 am Pier '2
Rainier Seattle & Wtiatcom 4 pm Pier le
San Pedro. . Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Corona.".'.'.'.' Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
• September 17.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B Pier 16
Cer.tralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Phoenix ... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1»
Sonoma Sydney & "W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
City Pueblai Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 1»
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacorna . 6 pm Pier 2
I September 19.
m va l Wlllapa Harbor... I 4 pm|Pler a
Chlco ... Coqullle River ...] 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt [l:30pPier 9
Pt Arena.. Potnt Arena I 4 pm Pier a
Arcata..... Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt 0 pm Pier 2
H K Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPier 40
September 2O. f
S Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmlPler 7
S Rosa.... San Dleso & Way. 9 am|PIer 19
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amiPler 1'4
Marlposa... Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 7
September 21.
Chlng Wo.. China and Japan .. 2 pm Pier 23
September 22. I
Coos Bay... San -Pedro & "Way. 9 amfPier 19
September 23.
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
September 24.
Luxor Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 27
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg .. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
. • September 25.
Mlnnetonka New York direct Pier 2S
Chehalis... Grays Harbor. 3 pm Pier 2
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Klder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier -4
September 20.
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. .. Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle 4: Tacoma..]l0 am Pier 2
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The Supreme Court yesterday granted
to H. J. Sieberst the custody of his
grandchild, A. Irene Sieberst. G. S. Sie
berst, father of the chid, was permitted
by a Superior Court order to keep hia
daughter under his own roof pending the
result of litigation over the matter. An
appeal waa taken and a reversal se
cured.
Grandfather Gets Child %
Captain James Brown of the treasure
hunting schooner Hermann was brought
before United States Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday morning for identification
as the person charged with having as
saulted on the high seas R. Karashino,
the steward of the schooner. Ball was
set at $2500. Brown's counsel applied for
a reduction of bail, and Juu.se Heacock
Baid he would pass on the application to
day and would probably grant the re
quest. The Japanese was not present, and
it was stated that he would not appear
to prosecute.
Captain Brown Identified.
If thtrc Is a sufficient supply of wrter
to nccomodate the needs of several regi
m--'i)*s, San Diego wili be selected a.i the
render cus. Officers at Fort Rosecran.s
will be ordered to make a thorough in
spection of the ground, and to make a re
port to the department commander. This
will be done immediately and if the re
sults are satisfactory Getferal MacAr
thur will make the necessary recommen
dations to the War Department.
The general • then proceeded to* Fort
Rosecrans, San Diego, and inspected the
troops and the fortiScatlons at that'point.
He found everything in satisfactory
Bhape, but expressed some disappoint
ment that the work of constructing new
quarters for the troops was not progress
ing more rapidly.
The party was entertained at Los An
geles by General Harrison Gray Otis and
Major Norton of the Chamber of Com
merce. On Monday General MacArthur
visited Sargent's, a short distance from
Gilroy. and inspected the target practice
of the batteries of light artillery.
The most important feature of the trip,
however, was the unexpected discovery of
an ideal camp near San Diego for the
temporary location of large bodies of
troops. General MacArthur has been
searching anxiously for a place where the
projected maneuvers of the combined
department and .National Guard forces
might be held. Near San Diego he foun-i
a great Ftr^tch of country not under cul
tivation and well adarted for the great
war game which is planned.
Major General MacArthur returned yes
terday from an official inspection of mili
tary stations in the southern part of the
State and from a short pleasure trip to
Arizona. He was accompanied on his
journey by Mrs. MacArthur, Lieutenant
MacArthur and Captain Parker W. West.
The party went first to the Grand Can
yon, thence, after a fe'w days, to Pre3
cott, Ariz.
the charts. The plane of reference Is tbe mean
of tbe lower low waters.
The publication in the Recorder of the
calendar of Judge Kerrigan's court was
the first inkling had by the attorneys for
the heirs that proceedings were being
taken. From information received from
McNutt they knew of the wilt and under
stood that no action would be taken by
him until It was filed, or at least until
the arrival in this city of Mrs. Strohn.
When the case came up for hearing Mon
day ex-Judge- C. W. Slack, ¦who repre
sents Mr3. Strohn. and M. M. Michael,
attorney for Mrs. Hart and Mrs. Carter,
the other sisters of the deceased, ap
peared and opposed the petition. Judge
Kerrigan, scenting vigorous opposition.
Instead of complying with the wishes of
the McNutts, promptly acknowledged
that he had made an error in assigning
the case to himself and reassigned it to
Judge Coffey. "I did not Know there was
any opposition to the petition," he said,
"otherwise I would not have assigned it
outside of the two departments wherein
probate matters are heard."
McNutt has thirty days In which to file
Miss Clark's will and until that is done it
is not probable that any further action
-will be taken.
PETITION 'IS OPPOSED.
The estate of Miss Clark has been the
cause of considerable speculation since
her death. This is due to the tactics of
the McNutts, father and son, since her
death. It 'began when young McNutt,
acting as his father's attorney, petitioned
the court for the appointment of Dr.
McNutt as special administration of the
$500,000 estate of the deceased. He ap
plied to Judge Kerrigan for the appoint
ment, informing him that Miss Clark had
left a will bequeathing most of her es
tate to her sister, Mrs. Roys N. Strohn,
and naming his father as executor.
Judge Kerrigan, who believed the matter
to bo simply a formality and ignorant
of* the fact that there were other heirs,
assigned the case to his own court and
set it . for hearing Monday afternoon.
This happened Friday at noon and the
petition was not filed until Saturday
evening, five minutes before the closing
of the County Clerk's office, and only
after Probate Clerk Casey had Informed
the Judge that the proceedings were en
tirely irregular. The petition should have
been tiled before being taken up to the i
Judge for assignment, or Immediately
afterward, as there are fees to be paid
and assignments to be entered.
ACTION OF McNUTTS.
The determined opposition to the ef
forts of Dr. W. F. McNutt to obtain spe
cial letters of administration upon the
estate of the late Isabella D. Clark, the
wealthy woman who committed suicide
at hia hospital, on the 9th had It3
effect yesterday. The petition for spe
cial letters filed by McNutt several days
after the woman's death was withdrawn.
The withdrawal waa made by Attorney
Maxwell McNutt, son of the petitioner,
in Judge Coffey's court when the matter
was called for hearing- He made no ef
fort to explain his action, but simply In
formed the court that he wished to with
draw the petition. Consent to do so was
readily granted, and the case was strick
en from the calendar.
Military ¦ Affairs in South
Are in Excellent
Condition.
Opposition of Dead Woman's
Heirs Causes Change in
His Plans.
MacArthur Makes • a
Discovery at San
Diego.
Ceases Effort to Secure
Control of Clark
Estate.
FINDS AN IDEAL
CAMPING GROUND
M'NUTT GIVES
UP THE FIGHT
Blood Money Advances.
Thess are cood day* for the unsophisticated
Captain Lancaster, formerly of the bark
Canada, has succeeded Captain Scott In com
mand of the bark Gerard C. Toboy. Cat. tain
Erratt has been appointed to citnmand the
schooner Kthel Zane and Captain Schroeder
takes the schooner Haleyon.
Changes of Captains.
The steamship Kvichak, Captain Nelson, ar
rived yesterday, thirteen days {rom Bristol Bay
and eight .days- frcm Karluk. Her cargo in
cluded 10.554 cases and 774 barrels of salmon.
Captain Nelson reports that the catch for this
fctason will fall considerably below expecta
tions, fish having unexpectedly scarce.
Salmon Catch Will Fall Short.
The American-Hawaiian Company's steam
ship Xebraskan arrived yesterday from Hono
lulu and Kahului. She was nine days coming
from Honolulu, the strong northeast trades
having proved a heavy handicap. The Nebras
kan met the steamship Gaelic at 9:30 a m
September 13. In 34.32 north, 132.09 west. An
hour later she sighted the barkentine Jamea
Tuft.
Encounters Head Winds.
The local lighthouse inspectors received a
telegram yesterday from Washington contain
ing the Information that after October 20 the
oil lamps on Lightship To would be replaced
by electric lights. This change is to be made
in response to repeated complaints from navl
cators as to the inadequacy of the illumina
tion on the bar vessel. The proposed change
will be submitted to the Chamber of Commerce
and Merchants' Exchange and if it meets with
their approval the necessary notices will . be
issued to mariners. The running of the light
dynamo will Involve the us« of a large amount
of fuel and a special lighthouse tender will
keep No. 70 supplied with coal. . - ,
Electric Lamps on Lightship.
Th« Pacific Mall Company's steamship China,
after spending several months In the hanCs of
an army of mechanics at the Union Iron
Works, was docked yesterday at the Pacific
Mail wharf. Always a handsome vessel, the
China is now in as good condition as when
she left the stocks. All jarts of her, hull,
machinery, sanitary and ventilating Kear,
decks, plates, staterooms and saloons, have
been overhauled. Her old water ballast tanks
were torn out and replaced by new ones and
to her passenger accommodations have been
added six new staterooms. She is now in the
hands of painter and decorator and in a few
days will be ready to go into commission again.
The City of Peking, which has been taking her
place on the trans-Paciflc run, will be laid up
and at 1 o'clock, September 29, the China will
resume her voyaging.
China Beady for Service.
The cornerstone of the new branch li
brary on Sixteenth street, near Market,
donated to the city by Andrew McCreery,
¦will be laid next Sunday afternoon. The
public library trustees and other city of
ficials will be present at the ceremonies.
Will I<ay Cornerstone.
The California Department of Education
of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to he held at St. Louis in 1904 held a con
ference yesterday vrith Superintendent of
Schools Langdon In the latter's office to
'ake preliminary steps for the exhibit of
the public schools of the State. There
Tvtre present Robert Furlong, chief of the
Department of Education; the State Su
perintendent of Schools: Superintendent of
Schools James A. Barr of Stockton and
School Superintendent MeClymonds of
Oakland. It was decided to have a com
plete exhibit of the work of public school
pupils at the exposition and another
meeting will be held to arrange for It.
School Exhibit at World's Fair.
loiterer to kees away from the water front.
Sailors are scarce and the rate of blood money
has advanced to 555. The -=hlp Matterhorn is
all ready for sea. but lacks a crew and may
be several days securing one. There are other
vessels that will be ready to leave witnin a
fev.' days and there is every prospect of a tstlll
higher rate being exacted for men.
Heinsttrance"~6hanges.
The rate of reinsurance on the steamship
Laurel Branch was advanced yesterday to C(>
per cent and the Andora, reduced on Monday
from 35 to 20, was marked up to 25 per cent.
Hotice to Mariners.
Office TT. S. Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District, San Francisco, Cal.. Sent. 15.
SAN' LUIS OBISPO BAY. CALIFORNIA,
List of beacons and buoys, Pacific Coast,
1903, pate 15. — Notice is hereby Riven that
San Luis Obl?po bell buoy, located 1050 feet
pouth from Souza Rock, entrance to Port
Harford, Ca!., heretofore reported not sound
ing has been replaced by another tell buoy
in good order. By order of the lighthouse
board. J. B. MILTON,
Commander. U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, September 15.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hour" from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Del Norte,* Green. 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Kvichak, Nelson, 13 days 7 hours from
Bristol Bay, via Karluk 8 days 8 hours.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 15 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene, 9 days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr L:an;a Cruz, Glelow, 12 hours from
Mr-ss Landing..
Stmr Gualala, Johnson. 17 hours from Men
docino.
Schr Bessie K. Merriam, 11 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen. 13 houra from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Schmidt. 4 days from
Tillamook. ¦:¦ %^-'-
CLEARED.
Tuesday, September 15.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hanaen, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Nor stmr Htro, Syvertsen, Ladyamlth; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 15.
Stmr Iaaua, Bonifleld, Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Portland and
Astoria.
Stmr Marshfield, Dcttmers, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, Point Arena.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Celia, Nordberg, Albion.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Sluslaw.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, Ladysmlth.
Schr Wing and Wing, Grimm, Slualaw, in
tow utmr Acme.
Schr Eva, BJornstrom, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
Aug 2, lat 2 57 S, Ion 27 30 W, Br ship Bay
of Bengal, from Cardiff, for Guaymas.
Per strnr Nebraskan — Sept, 18. 0:30 a m, lat
34 32 N, Ion 132 09 W, Br stmr Gaelic, from
San Francisco, for China and Japan. Sept 13.
10 a m. lat 34 39 N, Ion 131 53 Wj bktn James
Tuft, from Port Blakeley, for Melbourne.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 15. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Ealled Sept 15— Strar
Montara. for San Frandaco.
MOXT£UEY— Arrived Sept 15 — Schr Albert
Meyer, from Whatcom.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 15 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Port Los Angeles; strar Asun
cion, Irom San Pedro, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Srpt 13 — Bark HeaDer. from Taco
ma; brie Tanner," from Port Angeles. ¦
Sailed Sept 15— Bark Coryphene, for .-
BRISTOL. BAY — Sailed Aug 30 — Ship Santa
Clara, for San Francisco. Aug 31 — Ship Bo
hemia, for San Francisco.
POUT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 16— Br
ship Samaritan, from Yokohama.
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept 15 — Schr Hono
lulu, hence Sept 2. - for Anacortea.'
Passed out Sept 15 — Schr. Aloha, for Hono
lulu.
Paused ln'SeDt 15 — Br etmr Wynerlc, from
Nome; Br stmr Empress of India, from Hong
kong, for Victoria; stmr Queen, hence Sept 1J,
for Victoria. B C. ?KilJatagMHaa&VMj
FAIRHAVENT-Sailrd Sept 15— Schr Wilbcrt
Li Smith, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
Bangor. . from.' San Pedro; schr Mario E Smii h,
frum San Pedro: "uclir .Tcnn!» •Siflle., litnv-e
Aus CS; schr JC S Re-lfleliJ, from Saa .PcJro. '
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A "Way Pts|Sept. 16
Uolphin Skagway & JVay Porta.jSept. lt»
Nome City. ... Nome Sept. 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City.. Skagway &. Way Ports Sept. 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Dlrlso..: Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Valencia Nome Sept^cSS
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept??6
Al-Kl. : Skaeway & Way Port». Sept. 28
City Topeka.'. Skasway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
T?oan"ke...... Nome & bt..M!cha*1. .. Sept. 2S
FaraJion ._....., gkasway A Way. Ports. Sept. M
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 16.
Sun rises 5:51
Sun sets ; 6:1^
Moon rises 0:34 a. m.
O Time Time 'Time ' Time
j. _ — Ft. Ft.'/— Ft. rt.
«, t, -\y h W JL. W H W
16 I 0:&8| O.2I S:08 «4.5 1:051 2.8 7:031 8.3
IT 1 1:54 0.11 8:57 4.8 2:06 2.4 -8:l-» 5.4
18 2:45 0.0 9:40 B.I 3:00 2.0 9:15 6.5
19 3:32 0.010:20 5.4 3:51 1.5 10:14 5.T
20 4:21 0.2 10:68 5.6 4:41 .'1.0 11:08: 5.8
21 [ 5:(M -0.5111:35/ 6-7 5:2»| 0.7| |.
„„ H W '[L, V| |H Wl ' IL. \V|
22 0:00| 5.5| S:45| 0.8|l2:12| 8.7| C:17| 0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column aj»d the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth titno column plves the. last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.' The heights Elven are la
addition to tht soundings of the United Statea
Ccast'Kvrvey chart* except ¦ v.-hen the number
c'veu i s tubU acted from ;h» . depth '«lvca by
The State Board of Health and State
Mining Bureau 'want an additional and
more prominently placed stairway to the
rooms occupied, by their exhibits. The
present out-of-the-way entrance makes it
difficult for the general public to find the
exhibits. The engineer was ordered to
prepare plans in accordance with the re
quest.
Fred E. Smythe's application for the po
sition of wharfinger at Channel and
Fourth streets was placed on file.
The chief engineer reported that the
careless piling of grain on sections 1 and
2 of the seawall was jeopardizing the
sheds and the chief wharfinger was in
structed to enforce the regulations made
to govern in such case.
since the last meeting. The most
important, action taken was that of order
ing the payment of bills amounting to
$26,137 10. The attorney for the board sub
mitted a report as to the limits of the
commission's jurisdiction in the vicinity of
Channel street. He holds that the board
controls Channel street from the bay
southwest to the northwest line of Sev
enth street, where the course changes to
due west, to the east line of Harrison
street, where it ends. In the opinion of
the attorney the board cannot enter into
any agreement as to dredging with own
ers of property located above Seventh
street.
THE State Board of Harbor Com
missioners met yesterday instead
of to-day and disposed of euch
business as had accumulated
PACIFIC MAIL. STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S LINER CHINA, WHICH AFTER A THOROUGH OVERHAULING WAS
TOWED YESTERDAY TQ THE MAIL. DOCK. WHERE SHE WILL BE PREPARED TO RESUME HER REG
ULAR RUN BY THE EKD OF THIS MONTH.
City Attorney Lane Is looking up the
Ir.w as to whether the higher valuation
si plies to the city's tax rate, and he will
probably give an opinion as to whether
the Board of Supervisors has the power
to so reduce the rate as to prevent the
ocessive collection of Jl,250,0G3, based ca
the raise by the Board of Equalization.
I conclude from these provisions that the
r.oard of Supervisors must in June determine
the amount of money to be raised for mu
ii-<-il<al purposes. This has been done. The
tate could not be determined till after th«
Ftate Board of Equalization had met and fixed
the valuation. If T.e must construe the above
la:i?ruag* of the charter as compelling the
Uoard cf tfupervitors to fix the rate in June
each a provision would be In conflict with
cenc-rai law ar.d void. But I do not think it
nectEsary to so construe the lanruage of the
ffcurter. The Board of Supervisors complies
r-jth the charter when they fix the amount
of money to be raised. That amount can
nc< be lncr^ayd by any action of the State
licar.J of Equalization. I conclude that such
a rate must now be fixed by the Supervisors
«* wii: collect the amount cf money hereto
fore determined uion. and no more. A higher
rate on the Increased valuation *h!ch would
raise more money than was determined neces
sary would. !n my opinion, be unlawful. You
should wait till the Supervisors act.
MAY FIX TAX BATE NOW.
You ask lor my crininn regardingr the In
<•< > r d \a!uatlon recently placed upon the
property of this city and county by the State
liuard of Equalization and its application to
municipal taxes. That the 'ooard had the right
to inor^sif? the valuation is shown by section
•>. article 13, o* th<? constitution. That there
can be but cne valuation for both and
municipal purpoyes was decided in the case of
i:*!0»-;;i vs. Kills. O Cal. 4S.V How then docs
f.»i« ojierate in connection with our chaiter
l-iovUior.e? Article 3. chapter 1. section 1L of
the charter tays: "On or before the last
Monday of June in each >e«r the Supervisors
••hall levy the amount of taxes for city and
c 'urity rurpose* required to be levied upon all
the propirty not exempt from taxation. The
arr.ount t-ha!I be sufficient to provide for the
:avment during the fiscal year of all demands
ttpGSl the treasury authorized to be paid out
«if the sa.me. etc." Section 3714 of the Po
litfcal Code says that "the Board of guper
v;t-ors of each county must ca the third Mon
day in f-'eptcmbcr fix the rate of county taxes.
•lesignaiir.g the number of cents on each on»
hundred dollars of property for each fund, and
must levy the Ptate and county taxes upoa
the • \.- '• .« rropert; 1 cf the county. <?te."
Baehr is of the opinion that the Super
visors hnve the power to reduce the rate.
<>: rather to fix the rate, next Monday,
according: ty State law. He holds that
the- charter requiring the rate to be fixed
in June conflicts with the State law and
is therefore unconstitutional, and he is
borne out in this opinion by that of his
attorney, which follows:
ONE VALUATION ONLY.
Auditor Baehr himself believes that thl3
*vould be the logical way out of the diffi
culty, as he is firmly of the opinion that
the higher valuation only should be car
ried out on the assessment roll. In order
to collect only the amount to be raised
from taxation, exclusive of revenue from
oiher sources, the Board of Supervisors
would have to reduce the original rate of
HXC53 on a valuation of J422,OO0,O00 on the
$30i> assessed valuation. This could be done
on the third Monday in September, as the
State law requires. The rate of 82.72 cents
could then be calculated on the higher
\aluat;on ie:urr.ed by th? Board of Kqual.
;zalion—I54».C «•/«)— and thus thr additional
tax collections not contemplated by the
municipal budRft need not be raised.
Auditor Baehr received an opinion yes
i> rday from his legal adviser, William H.
Colib, to the effect that there should be
1'Ut one valuation for State and city taxes
;<!)d suggesting thr»t in order that the city
s-hould not collect $1,230,000 additional as
The Jesuit of the raise by the State Board
of Equalization the Board of Supervisors
1 educe the tax rate of SLO752, so that the
taxpayers be not mulcted in the amount
ramed.
Thinks Supervisors Should
Lower Municipal Levy
to 82 72 Cents.
Auditor Baehr Suggests
Solution of Knotty
Problem.
State Board of Trade and Mining Bureau Object to
Remote Entrance to Their Exhibit Rooms and
Chief Engineer Has Been Told to Submit Plans
WOULD REDUCE
CITY TAX RATE
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS ARE ASKED
TO BUILD STAIRWAY IN FERRY DEPOT
¦ - ¦ - . . . ¦ • ¦ /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903,
10
BAILWAY TRAVEL
BAII.WAY TRAVIX.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
j Train* ••"'••ElVwwrn »«•*• » l
(Main Line, root vt >Urket Street )
— KATg — IT^bom Swrrnx HXK i. lOW. — «ii;:m
! ~7.00* r»»-n«';T^r¥Tri»^n7t!uiir» *uU S«cr»-
! 7C0a vicsTlilc/wiaVeriVni'iraiey". .. .'.'. 7 25^
7^0* M«rtln«. »«a lUinoa . \.MleJo.
7.30a Ni':e». Llvermore. LatUrop. Stoci-
8 00a I)«tVs Woodland. Knlirhts Lnniiins.
Jl»rT»TlHe. Orovtile. (c.mieots
st rtaryivtlle lor Grldley, IM&g*
and Cai'-o> -I'XZ*
8 C0» Atlantic E.x?T*!««-OKnrn%ndEa«. 10.2a*
KOOa P.»rtCo*:», Jlsrtlnez. Antltxh. By-
ron.Trmry.Stockf»ti..S»crjment<>.
Vls,»l!». rortirvllle 4.2S*
R.COa FortC^st.v MHitloez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. .Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gushcn .luacilon. Haafurd. \l-
»«Hv n.ikor 8 fleia -^v;,"" S2ir
8 30* E2i«st.a Kmpw— Pana, wtiitam*
(for Karilrll Pprin=»). Wl'.iuwj,
tKriito Ked Bluff. Tortlanil 7.5a»
I.SOa Kllej. S.ta .!.»«, Llferraore, Stoclt-
ton.I«n-t.S»i'-«ra»n».».riacervllle.
Ma ; j»Tllie. Cliico. Ued r.lulT 4.25*
8 30a Oabdnle. Chlne«f\ .lainestown. 8o-
Bor*.Tu<.hiinne»n.l Annels 425f
9.00a Martluex and Way Station. A%\Z
I 1000a Valiejo *£¦£*'
; loooA «v^SS?sS?Ss:
Tr*<-y. l.athrop. Stockton.
Merced. Ittyinond. Fre»n»>. Ilsa-
Url. Visalla. Bakersfleld. Los
Auuele. an<t El P«»o. (West-
bound arrlTei »!afoaat Line)... «1-39r
' 10 Ma Til* OTerUnd Limited — OKden.
1200n H.ytr.rd. Nile. «nd Way Sutlont. 325F
11 OOp Sacramento Klrer Steanjert. Tll.UBF
' ZlQr Benlcl*. Wtntrrs, Sacrainento.
\%iKKl:and, Will'.ain*. Colu»«,W:i-
lowi. Kntjrbts Landing, ilaryt-
Tllle. OruTllieandway »tatlon».. 10 5|a
310? narw»rd.Nllc»«Bil W»y Stations.. 7 OOP
! 4 COr M»rt?n«,Sani:»moa.VaIleJo,>»pa,
C«!l«tPK«. Santa Rosa .«==
4.00r MartlBcx.Tracy.Lathrop.Stccktoa. 1 a -?f*
J 4 OOr Nlles. Llvermore. Stockton. Lcwll.. 4.ZSF
! 4 30r Harwarrt. Kllea. lrTinKton. Saa I i?gt A
Joie. Llvermore I 111.65a
BOOp Tne Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Kakertdeld, Lot Angeles » 35*
6 OOp Port Coita, Tr»cy, Stockton, Lo»
Hsnos '2"s5*
IB 3Dp Hayward. Mies and San Jom .L*5 A
600p Hayward. Nile* and San Joie 10 2S*
S.OOp Oriental Stall— OcJen. Donrer,
Oniaba. Si. Loul*. Chlcaico an<t
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sul- •
stin. Elmir». D»t1», Sscrsmento.
Rocklln. Aub»ii, Colfax.
Tru.-kee. Boca, ls»no. Wads-
worth. Wlnaeinucea. Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.28»
b. . Reno. Trackee. Sacramento. Dmrla.
Sulsun. Benlcla. Port Costa 7 55a,
6. OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... {, j 55p
70Cp Vallejo. SunJay enly f
7X0* tan Pshlo. Port Cost*. Marlines
and Way Stations 1125*
8.06r Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Mary»7lll*>. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sourd and K*st. 8 55a
9.1Qt Haywajd. NIIe» aad Sin Jose (Soa-
dayonly) •-. 11W*
11.25P Port Co»t», Tracy. Lathrop, Mo
de*to. Merced. Raymond (to Tc-
semlte). Freano. lUaford. VI-
nallt. rukeronelil 12-28>_
COAST LINE I.»rr»« lij.?*).
(t-'oot of Market Street )
7.46a Santa Crui Excursion <Sunday
only)* ••»0»
|.15a Newark. Centerrlile. 8»a Jonn.
Veltoa. Bouiaer Creek. Santa
Craz and Way Stations 8 25*
12AZr Kewark. Centervllle. 9»n Jose,
New Almaden. L"» Gntoi-Feiton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations 13.53a
4.15r Kewark. £an Jos?, Lot Gatos and
way station* (on Saturday aad
Sunday runs through to Panta.
Crui: Monday only from Santa
Crui). Connects at Keltoo to
and from UnnMcr Creek tg.BS %
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r KA.N<J1J>CO. toot of Market St. (SIlP'O
— tt:13 »:U) 11:(.-0a.M. 100 3 CO 6.15 r.*
Irom OaKLAN'1>. r««| of ltruaUwsy — tt.:OU y:0»
ta:ftj lvAU a.h. 12 00 2 00 4 CO p.m.
COAST LINE (Kr»«« *4>K«;.
I fJT llnlni au-\ i'.MTn-fi-.-l Streets.)
I 6-1Qa S-nn .lotr »nJ Way Stations 8 30?
i t7Cf)A 8an .lo^e aad W»T Stations 6 38?
7.15a Monterey nn ; S:-nta Crus Excur-
I slon (S>imlay i.n'y) 8.33:*
800a Kew Almndrn (Tues.. Fr!d.. on!y>. 4.10*
¦ 00a Coa»t Line Limited— Stops only San
lister). ' Pa'jaro. CastrorQlc Sav
lli;a<. San Ardo. Pssj Roliica,
EantaMar^arlte. San Luis Olilspn.
Gaftdtlnpr, Snrf (ooltnectloti for
Lompi'ic). Santa ltarbara, Saaga«
and Log A::cr:r«. Cunaect'.on al
Castruvlllc to and from Monterey
and Pad He Grove 13 4!r
S.COa San J<r>c. Tree P!nos. Caplrola,
Santa Cruz. Pad fie (iroTe.Sallnaa,
Ptn Luis OliUro anil, Principal
Ioternn-di.ite St»tlon» 4.1ft»
fCJO* San Jose and Way sutionf 1.20r
11.00a Cemotery Passenger — South Saa
Kraarlvn, Ssn r.r>in» 1.C5e
11.30a Sxnta Clam, taa Joce. Lo« Gates
and Way St* >!<.»• 7.30*
• 1-20p Sun Joie anrt Wny Stations x7.00p
2CCp San Jose and Way Stations (9 40*
2.30r Cemetery Psssenjrer — South S»n
Francisco. Saa r.runn 433p
tSCOl* Del Monte Kxpre»» — Saora Clara.
San J •>»«•. Del Monte, Monterey,
Clara for Sauta Cruz. Boclder
Creek and Narrow (iaure Points) f12-15»
l-ZQr I'a ::V Grure and Way StatioBs—
I rturllneaiiie.SanMnteo.ncdwood,
1 MenU. Park. Palo Alto .Mayflelil.
Mountain View. Lawreai-e. Santa
Clara. Ssf» Jos«. .Giiroy. Hullls-
ter. Tre« fioos). pajaro. Watson-
Tllle. Capitals, Santa Cruz, Caa-
trorKle. Kaltnss 10-45*
4 30r Pub Jose and Way Stations 8 3oa
b COr a»n Jute, (tI* Santa Clara) Lot
Uatos. VTrfiht and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
t5.£0v San.loteanrtPrlaclpanVayStatlons fS.QCA
16.1br ban Mnteo, UFreaford.lSeImoBC.Saa
Carlos. i;-viw>..fi. Fair Oaka,
MenloPurk. P«!oAHo t9.4"5»
6.3Cp Ssn Jose and Way Stations G33*
7 ttir tun set Limited, Eastlmund.— San
Luis Obls:io. mm» Barbara, Los
A:iRe!es, Iteming. El Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westhound
arrivrs Yl»S«n.IoaTatij Valley)... w«8.2^a,
8.09 p I'alo Alto and Way Stations 10-15* '
11.30P South i'an Francisco. Mlllbrae.'J
Burl!s;ame, San Mateo. Bel-
mont, Saa Carlo*. Rfdwond, .,.,
Fair Oak*. Men!o Park. Palo • !S5?i
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain Vl«rw. »•««»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Jose... J
A lor Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday enly. ; Sunday oaly.
I Etops at all stations on Saaday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
' \ ia Const Line. ic Via Sao Joaqaia VaUey.
6Heno train eastbonnd discontinued.
CVOnly trains stopplns at Valencia £t.soothnoniut
are6:10A.M..t7:00A.x..lt:OOA.H..3:3O7.3f.aa«(:90r.«.
SS^S^glTO SAN RAFAEL
SAN OUENTIN,
» ' »','.*".''-j.HTr"j^fjffit MILL VALLEY*
|^^^§^ via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK." DAYS— (Holidays except»d)— « : 45.
f7:43. »:45. U:45. 11 a, m.. 12:20. 'l:*X <*:!*• .
4:15. t5:I5. !•:!* 6:45 « »• ll:45 p> m "
7:45 a..ra. train week dayi does not rua t*
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAT3-T.
t8. t*i». flO. 11, til :3O a. m.. tl2:30 t'l.iO.
2:a5 *3:5O. 5. e. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked « run to svan Qufmtla.
Those marked U) to ya'.rfax. except .1:15 p. m.
Saturday*. On Saturdays the o:15 p. m. tra.a
r TRr]°M^N a nAFAEL To"sAN ™g*£XO
n^
10 SUNUAYS-6:15. 7:33. tS:10. »:4O tlO:53.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. 13:25. 4:40. tS.SO.
<i:5G. 7:35. 10:20 P- m. •
Trains marked it) start from San Quentia.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. «:40. 7:45. 8:23.
»:45. 11:10 a. rn.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:13. 5:10. 7:03.
1O:4O V' Tn.
SUNDAYS — 6:05. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03
1-05 2-10 a:45. 4:53. «:03. 7:10. 10:40 p. m. "
' " ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. xajf week days — Cazadero aad way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturday* excepted)- -
Tcmalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero aad • w%y
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays^ — 8 a, ra.. C«^»»
dero and way stations.
Sundays and I/pgal Holidays— 10 a. m., Polat
Itervs and way jtatlons.
TICKET OFFICE— €-'« Market tt. ,
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUtNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
L«ave Ti» lvm^» Tvtj Arriv«
Sea Proa. *»« * >Wkat St. Saa Fran.
Week Saw- '""San- i W«2T
a>743T H:Joa fei* i Si2g«^ 1*:«>On STTST
1:43p »:OOa lgS«kW !>:BOr3:lOt
6;lor 10:00* 3:30^3:50,
11:30a 4:35p
_ ___ 1:SO? 5:4%p
, , 2:35y{ 8:OO»
tfpilays «aiy. i»aT« 'inn T 9i3fti».«Tr?»l». IXtROr
ilCttC \ *» Mamxt St^ (North S!»ore RailrooiT
077ICO ) and S/kmAirro Fkbry Foot Market St.
J^^^^Lfi -MEM ASDWOMS?!.
«5jl$5§jrcCEEs^353 Cso Eiff CJ for =nnj.t;jr»,i
'- t i»Hmj*S*A disrhar5e!».in3aniinati>2t,
I K~&[ OaaraateM H irritations or alcer»:lo2»
flrCaji sat to tulwar*. of mocoas membrassa.
¦ l»*-«j| /rwwii C»at»T<y». Pmin'ieaa, aad aat asirlt-
ga.xfTJtETAHSCHtlliaULCa. s«at or poisonoaa, ¦
iLyt^i ClHtlH»ATl,0.fJS733 3old by DranUU
i ••¦00. or 3 bottles 13.75.
ADVEETISEHENTS.
fing /^lp|l McBurn2y ' s
/ KIDNEY
Bottle^ -^sP and
h f? m BLADDER
UUfGSSw Jt^ CURE
ror pals* In the back, Brlfht's dia-
• ease. Incontinence of nrine, brick
«Ju»t deposit, toed-wettlnr, graTel,
tfrcpty, diabetes, rheumatUm.
Only by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neurairlc troubles be
cured. Uric add finds lu way into th«
• blood because the Kidneys are weakened
1 and do not throw it oft from the system.
Hrstcre the Kidneys and you restore the
rower that will force the uric acid from
the body. That is Just what McBurney's
Kidney and Bladder Cure does. It drives
the deadly uric add from th« blood. It
tust&in* the organs that sustain life and
I the forces that make blood. McBurner'i
| Kidney and Bladder cure. $1 60. All
I druggists. Booklet with iworn state-
ments cf cures free. W. F. McBurney,
Sole Mfr., 226 S. Spring el., Los Angeles.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
•-? The Lairest Aaat— ieil Museum fa th* \
£ mi m I'", Uoriti - Wealrneai** or iny contracted M
Z. RM «i*e»« B«»MI».l7 cw*4 by th- oldest f
O fSjSL' fcpses»!i«oitheCo«»t. Eststynri. Q
A &W*h DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
A I^S*5B C»»«ilut»o« frre and stri-tly prirut. \
C I TSr/H Tr««mietit p»rjon»!ljr «.r by Irttcr. A A
? C W (Jt II Ftiitm Omn in ercty case sndettakeB. \
Artf ilft w r .i, f M Bock.PBiL»nurBT*f i
¥ • H \yt HtltlUCE, MAILED FKKS. ( A f
A fi II- «'u»t>''f bock for n.T) \
V DB.JOBDAH * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
J| ' Those Bufferlzis from weak-
B B^ nesses which cap the pleasures
¦ ¦ of life should lake Juven Pills.
mi One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
# been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
onlT on receipt of thm adr. and $1.
Made by its oricinators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood'a trarsuparilla, Lowell, Just,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN UK. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCU AhU NORTH PACIFIC
BAI1WAT CO2XFAXT.
Tibnxon. Ferry, root or Market St.
SAN FBAZTCISCO TO SAN KArAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. ll:C0a. m.; 1:30.
2:."0. .1:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEI. TO SAK FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. •2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:6O. 7:33. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00, 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
TExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.l May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I 'Week
Days. I days, f tlon. | daya. [ Daya.
I 7:30 a I 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a S:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:10p 6:20p 7:23p
I I 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 & 7:45 a 7:45 a
B:0Oa 8:0Oa Xovato. 10:20 a 10-2O a.
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20p
5:10p 2:30p and l7:25p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f j
7:30 a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20a
8:00 a .8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p fl:2Ou
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p |
I | Windsor. I I ~~
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Healdsburg. |10:20 allO:2O a
I | Lytton. | (
2:30 p( 2:30 p| Gey3erville. |7:25p 7:25 p
I | Cloverdale. | |
7:30a|7:30a| Hopland 110:20 a|lO:2O a
2:30p| 2:3Op| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 al Wllllts. | 7:25 p| 7:25~p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. !10:2Oa|lO:C0 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| GuernevlUe. | 7:25 p| H:20 p
S:00al 8:00 at Sonoma. I S:40a| S:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|7:30al |10:2Oa 10:2Oa
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |-7:25p 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprjnss; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Hlshland Springs'
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
pcrt and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchv '
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel I
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pono
PottOT Valley. John Day's. Riverside LJerlyV
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlTJe Orr"a
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche Camo
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bra-* '¦
Westport. Uial: at WiUlts for Fort Brajr»
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covello Layton'
vtlle. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris oi
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building*
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTA.V,
Gen. Manager. Gen.Pass. Agt. -
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO.
B . leaves Mondays and Thnndari tt *M an B
k| Through la Jd»y»»l:h D:»«ri»o<l all tnppl»if».
Wj Our other balsa go at
|j 7:30am J for Stockton, Fresno, $
fej 1:30am > BakersfielJ. Merced.
f| I.SOPM I Banford, Visalla, -
H 4.0&M for Stockton.
if S.OQm for Kaasaa City and CMcatr*
M Office 641 Market St., and in Ferry
|| _ Depot: 1112 Broadway, Oaklnnd.
H Trains Icavt Market Strttt F*rry. {Cash quotations were as follows: ¦ Flour was
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, red. 80%@82%c; No.
2 corn. 51c; No. 2 yeMow, '52V>c; No.^'oats,
36c; No. 3 white, 37%@30c; No. 2. rye, 5tf%<3>
! M j ':¦ f
Daier SO. 30 OO 34 NW Clear .00
Carson 30.1* <W 32 NE Clear .00
J-urek* 30.08 64 44 W Clear .00
Karaiion 30.02 M .. KW Clear .00
Fresno 29.90 SS 48 SW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.04 64 2«i NE Clear .;00
Independence 30.O4 74 40 NE Clear .00
Lc* Angeles. .2U.9S 70 54 SW Clear .O0
Mt Tamalpaits.S0.O5 73 M 1*«V Clear .0O
1'hoenlx 29.90 88 00 SW Clear .00
Pocatello ... ..3O.2<3 ZS 30 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.18 76 48 NW Clear .00
Point Reyes... 29.88 G» 50 N Clear .00
:-cd Bluff 29.08 fHi 68 N Clear .00
Itoeeburg -T0.O8 78 42 N Clear .00
Racramento ..29.«8 84 52 SE Clear .00
Kalt Lake 30.24 WJ 38 KW Clear- .00
Fan Franclsco-'J0.02 «O 52 W Clear .00
Kan L. Oblspo.30.02 M 42 W Clear .00
Kan Diego 29.JW 72 LH NW Clear .O0
Keattl*> 3O.28 «S 44 NW Clear- .00
Spokane 30.30 «« 38 W Clear Tr.
Tatoosh ; 30.28 5« 48 NE Clear .00
IValla Walla.. t!0.2fl. 70 42 NE Clear .00
U'innemucca .30.20 «4 24 N Clear .00
Tiimx 23.'J0 »2 60 N Clear .00
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 15. — 5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.— The early wheat mar
ket showed an easier tone and there was a
disposition on the part of long holders to let
go. December responded with a decline from
if!2 1 4@.S2c within the first hour. Easier cables
and weakness j In . corn were the Influences,
but reports of the effects of the rain In the
Northwest grew more sensational and houses
with Northwestern connection. Armour and
local shorts, bought. Receipts were fair, but
offerings became limited and the market soon
reacted. December going to 83 Vic. At that
price there was profit taking on a large scale
and a part of the advance was lost, the close
showing Decertber back to 82%!fi)%c, a gain
of Vtc. Trading was active and on a large
scale.
Corn had no real spurts of activity, but on
the whole traders appeared to be holding off
until conditions can be more accurately judged.
December closed at 51*4c. a loss of %c.
The Oats market was sympathetic, wheat
being the governing Influence. December
closed %c higher at 3S',<iC.
Th» early provision tone was steady on the
hog situation, with prices unchanged, but
there was free scattered selling later, and the
close showed October pork off 15c. lard down
7%ff»10c nnd ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The cotton market
opened barely steady at an advan.ee of 11
points to a decline of 3 points and closed
steady net 16@2O points lower.
A T ezu York Cotton Market.
Giant 62 e4%fVigorit — 814
¦SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — iKilauea S C— —
; Hawaiian C. H\i 43*iiMakawell C. 21% 23t 4
" Honokaa S C 13 — Onomea 8 C. o0% SO**
] Hutch 3 P C — 13%|Paauhau S3 C 15% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 Alaska Pack.l57%13SH Oceanic S C « 7
i Cal Fruit As. tti — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 9l»% 97 »j Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Alaska. Packers' Assn l->. •><»
2t> Alaska Packers* Assn ...15» CO
TItUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
123 S F Gas and Electric 63 CO
Street—
25 Cal Fruit Canners' 93 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 15* 00
10 American National Itank 125 ta
10 Makaweli 22 oO
$3000 Oakland Transit Con 5a 102 w>
25 Onomea Sugar Co 30 to
5«> Paauhau S P Co 15 75
25 Pac Gas Imp" 54 to
1 $1MIO Park & Ocean 6» 115 W>
$1OW> S P of Arteona (UKJ9) IDS 25
Street—
15 Mercantile Trust Co 230 Oo
I California Stock and Oil Exchange
I Oil Stocks— - Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Company 1 09 1W
Four Oil «• »!>
Hanford Oil ¦ lw W>
Home Oil r. 82% £•
Imperial Oil 19 Ort
Independence Oil 17 IS
Jurction OU 20 ¦ 21
I Kern Oil *» •**i:
ILionOil «J 5*
I Monte Crlsto Oil <* ••»
Monarch Oil M 5<»
•OH Ctty Petroleum- 3»
• Peerlesa Oil 13 5W
.'Reed Crude Oil... 41 .
San Joaquin Oil 5 ••> .....
•Sterling Oil 2 TO .....
.Thirty-three OU •"• * ••>
i Twenty-eight Oil 4 00 .....
..Union Oli • «8 0t>
! United Petroleum 10O 0««/
[ West Shore Oil 2 90 3 23
[ Miscellaneous —
j Abby Land and Improvement 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar •- 23C0
' American Biscuit &S OO 05 CO
American Dl3trtct Tel
I Bay Counties Power
•Cal Central Gas and Electric
I Cal Cotton Mllla S8 00
• Cal Jockey Club 105 00
fCal Powder.^, ll*il
Cal Shipping Co 23 CO
- Cal- Title Inland Trust. . . .13O Ort 14O «O
' Central B*nk of Oakland 6O 0O
I Chutes Company 8 CO .....
City and County Bank
(Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 30
i Eastern Dynamite
i Ewa Sugar Plantation
! Gas Consumers' Assn.- 22 5O
' Honolulu Sugar IS 0O
¦¦London and S F Bank (Ld).' • ...».
1 Mercantile Trust
\ Northern Cal Power 8 50 .9 50
(Nevada National Bank -j
J North Shore Railroad.... O0O ...:.
Orpheum Company 15 0O .....
1 Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
I Parafflr.e Paint 33 CO .....
; Postal Device" and Imp.....". ....: .....
' San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00 •^?SHj
Sausallto Land and Ferry 10 0O .:."..
i Sperry Flour Company 27 5O SO CO
Standard Electric WOO
Truckee Electric 1" 2.1 1«> 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas and Electric 34 50
Western Fish Co ,....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
500 Monte Cristo Oil , m
100 Monarch Oil 65
200 Alma. Oil..... 1 33
. Street —
11 Kern Oil ...:.. .3 OO
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are about as prevl- 1
cu.«ly quoted— say. 15s. usual European op- '
tions. The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 51.700. against 52.000 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged SS - i
400 tons, against »H).000: on the way to this
port. 207,000 tons, against 227.C50.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago reported the export demand
poor, but the domestic demand good, and ad
vanced in sympathy with a sharp rise In the
Northwestern markets. The weather In the
Northwest, continued very bad, excessive rain*
having flooded the harvest fields. Europe
wants wheat, but Is evidently getting It else
where.
This market has ehown no change of any
consequence for several weeks. The feeling Is
rather easy for cash grain, except on milling
account, while futures rule firm.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4.-.«l 52%; California
White Australian, $1 Kiel t'0; Northern Club
$1 45«1 50: Northern Blue Stem, $1 55fJ;i 57U-
Oregon Valley, $1 52%. . 73i
FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 48 1 4S 1 47% 1 475^
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Eow. Close
December $1 47% .1 47% 1 47% 1 47%
BARLEY — Was firmer yesterday, with a rise
in th» cash grain owing to light offerings of
choice feed. Otherwise there was nothing new.
There Is plenty of lower-grade stock on tho
market.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12%«il 15; Shipping nad Brewing
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l 50 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December $1 15 1 15 1 14% 1 15
2 p. tn. session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ?1 14% 1 15 1 14% 1 15
OATS— The high prices, for Black have ap
parently called out supplies, for offerings yes
terday were larger than for several weeks
Dealers reported a steady market, however '
The other descriptions were quiet ' and un
changed.
White, $1 20(51 32%; Black. $1 40®l CO-
Red. $1 2001 22% for common and $1 25® 1 33
for choice: Gray, $1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market Is without feature." But
few samples are Shown, and quotations remain
about as before. %
Western, sacked, $1 42%(91 45 for Yellow.
$1 42% for White and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 50<81 55; small round
do. Jl "1*81 75; White. $1 55 per ctl,
RYE — Offerings In the local market are light,
and quotations are unchanged at $1 20@l 27%
per ctl.- .
BUCKWHEAT— 12 25@2 50 per ctl. "
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days *4 «C?V
Sterling Kxchnnge. tight _ 4
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight 07%
New York. Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce 571*
Mexican Dollars, nominal 471^
Exchange and Bullion.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 50ifl2 50 per
crate: Nutmeg: Melons. 75c©*l 25 per box; Wa
termelons, 2O#35c each.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 75@3 for fan
cy Valenclas. ?2<!j2 50 for choice and *l 2."i©
1 50 for standard; Seedlings, $1(&1 25; Lemor.s.
$1C?3 per box; Grape Fruit, $1 75©2 25; Mex
ican Limes, $S@9; Bananas, per bunch for
Central American and $1 2502 for Hawaiian:
Pineapples, $2 50<S3 per dozen.
HUCKLEBERRIES— CijJ8c per lb. -.: : . v ;*-V
APPLES— 85c<fj$l 10 per box for fancy, 500
75c for cood to choice and 23@40c for com
mon. •
PEARS — Bartletts. $1@1 25; winter varie
ties. 5O@75c per box.
QUINCES — 5C@6Oc per box.
FIGS— Black, 40c@$l for ordinary packages
and *101 25 for large boxes from the river;
white 40c<6$l per box.
PRUNES — 5O€60c per crato and 35@50c per
box: large open boxes, 50@75c.
PEACHES — Small boxes, 50fiS5c; carriers.
75c®$l; large open boxes, tt3@8oc; per ton, $25
for Clingstones and Salways.
POMEGRANATES— 75c@.il per box.
GRAPES — Seedless. 65*rfK>c per box; Isabel
la, 73®N5c per crate: other varieties. antfSOc.
for small boxes; 50® 75c for crates and 75cg$l!
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $20^26 per
ton for ZInfandel.
Receipts of fruit were light and the market
was active at steady prices. The local demand
for all discretions was brisk and there was
a steady Inquiry for flne table Grapes for ship
ment on the Portland steamer. Fancy table
Peaches continued firm under light receipts
and chclce yellow frees from the mountain dis
tricts cleaned up quickly nt lull figures. There
wero no Strawberry frees received. Offerings
in large ot>en boxes were rather dull, as the
canners were indifferent buyers, being; busy on
Tomatoes. Fancy Apples continued to move
freely, but ofterings had to be strictly fancy
to bring over $1 per box. The market was
still heavily supplied with trashy Apples, which
moved slowly at unsteady prices. Bartlett
Pears were in limited supply and steady, while
the winter varieties were abundant and easy.
Prunes Quinces and Pomegranates were plen
tiful and In fair request at the previously
quoted rates. Figs arrived freely and sold
at a wide range, as to quality and size of
package. Offerings In large boxes from the
river were dull, owing to the abundance and
low prices of offerings from other sections.
Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons were in free
supply and easier, the high prices having
checked the demand. Watermelons were In
limited supply and firmer, with the demand
brisk, owing to the warm, sunny weather.
Table Grapes moved freely for shipping ac
count and occasional sates of fancy stock in
crates vjere reported at a small premium over
the quoted rates. Seedless were scarce and
prices had a sharp advance. Wine Grapes were
unchanged and moved off fairly well. The top
quotation was obtained only for »mall parcels.
$23 being about the top for the general run
of supplies. • Choice lots of Berries sold off
well. Fancy Blackberries were higher, while
Raspberries were easier. Strawberries and
Huckleberries were unchanged.
Oranges, Lemons and Grape Fruit moved
freely, owing to the warm weather, but sup
plies vere ample and prices were unchanged.
Mexican Limes were well cleaned up and firmly
held. ¦ Bananas and Pineapples were in limited
bupply and unchanged.-
STRAWBERRIES — $1 50@3 for Mallndas
and SI 1? 1 5 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $4iRC per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $203 per chest for ordi
nary and $4 50®5 50 for fancy from Santa
Cruz. ' '?¦;".' '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. SeDt. 15.— FLOUR- Receipts,
30.405 barrels; exports, 20.29C barrels; firm
and active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 24.700 bushels; exports.
2400 bushels. Spot, dull; No. 2 red. 80c ele
vator; No. 2 red. SSc t. o. b. afloat; Xo. 1
Northern Duluth, 01 ',4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. i>r>>i.e f. o. b. afloat. A brief
period of early depression In wheat quickly
gave place to activity and strength. The close
was steady at net advance. May, SS%
GiSO 5-ltio. closed at SHc; September closed at
fcSc: DecemTier closed at* SS%c.
HIDES — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet. Futures' closed
steady, 5ffl5 ix>ints lower; sales, 37.500 bags;
October. 4.25W4.3jc; November, 4.2.'^4.40c;
December, 4. 50^4. 55c; January, 4.GOJJ/4.7OC 1
March, 4. SOc: May. 4.95c: July. 5©5.05c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and shows little change from ihe general
conditions recently noted; common, i&oc;
prime, 5«."%c; choice, b(f!l%c; fancy. 0%@7%c.
PRUNES — In good jobbing demand and rule
steady to firm at from 4%c to 7c for all grades
APRICOTS — Firm, and advices from the
coast denotes advancing tendency; choice, 9^i
eiO%c; extra choice, 9K<&lO l Ac; fancy, 10%
@12c.
PEACHES — Quiet and steady; choice. 7i-i@
7%c; extra choice, 7%@8*4c.
New York Grain and Produce.
COAL OIL— Water White Ccal Oil In bulk.
14c- Pearl Oil In cases, 2flV-«c; Astral. 20%c;
Star, 20*/4c: Extra Star, 24%c: Elaine. 2G%c;
i Eo«ne. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c: in case?. 23*4c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases. 10 %c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
, bulk. 21c: tn cases, 27%c.
If TURPENTINE— 78c per gallon in cases and
72c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. C®
6%c per lb; White Lead, 6igO%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44645 for local use and
$42 50ft 43 50 per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Ccmpany
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool, $14fn<'»;
- Bales, common $1 00: Dairy, per ton, $13 25:
.Half Ground. $12 25«S12 75; Rock Salt. $10 50<9
12 25; imitation Liverpool. $13 25@14; Granu
i lated. $i:i 25S814 per ton. .
; SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Ccm
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
I Cubes. A CTUS*ed and Fine Crushed, 5.85c;
I Powdered, 5.70c: Candy Granulated, coarse.
I B.fiOc: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Best Grannlated
! <100-lb bags only). — : Confectioners' A, 5.60c;
: Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 5.10c: Golden C.
i 5c: "D." 4.00c: barrels. 10c more: half bar
i rels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-1 b bags, 10c
1 more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
I 6.10c: boxes, 6.35c per Itx No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or ita equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary siiea. *18*nO: ex
tra slies higher: Redwood. $19©23; Lath, 4
I feet, ta 75: Pickets. S2%S98: Shingles. $2 35 fcr
w j] 1 a '«
*?* " £ S ¦ a
5 s I 5 5- I
FRUITS. K g" 2. "
; i : i
__ ;_:_ -I—:-' .._ I
Apples 1*1 »1W »>:*l 2O $1 10!
AprJcut* •...- 1 70! 1 4Ot 1 25
Blackberries 1 t»| 1 401 1 30| 1 2O
Cherries, R. A...: 2 25 2 00| 1 80| 1 50
Cherries, white 1 85 1 701 1 45
Cherries, black 2 10 1 85 1 70! 1 45
Grapes 1 35| 1 2()| 1 101 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 Wi 1 3O| 1 15| 1 05 1
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 8T> 1 55 1 3O| 1 II) .
Do sliced 1 75 1 45 1 20; 1 1O !
White Heath Peaches... 1 75 1 45 1 2<Jt 1 10 •
Pears 1 00 1 60 1 40! 1 25 ;
Plums 1 35| 1 15 105 95,
Raspberries 2 501 2 23 2 10| 1 90
Strawberries 1 2 COJ 1 751 1 M>\ 1 M\
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2Vj-lb
Standard, 83c: Green Peas — Baby petlts pois, 1
$1 50; pettts pois. $1 35; extra sifted. 91 15:
standard sifted. $1; standards. 85c; marrow
fats, 82Vic; gallon, sifted, *i 23; gallon stand
ard. $3 75.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $U 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and |
$14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $lo: i
Welsh Lump. *U 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; j
Coke. $11 50$? 13 per ton In bulk and $15 in j
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per j
2000 lbs and $S CO per ton. aeccrding to brand. |
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. CO days or H per cent discount for
cash, no sales under IO.OtX) lbs: Manila. 14' 4 c;
Sisal, lie; Duplex, 10c; Bale Kope, ll@lUi?
per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4»~Sc:
cases, regular, 5c; cases, extra large, 5V4C-;
Eastern style, Cc: boneless, fie: "Norway."'
6c; "Narrow Gauge." C%c; "Silver King."
7%c; blocks, "Oriental." tic; blocks. Seabright,
«y»c; tablets, 7c; middles, "'(jSVjc; boneless. &§>
S>cT pickled Cod, bbls, $7 50; pickled Cod. half
bbls. $4 75.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12U?*15c '°r strict
ly crime to fancy washed. ll@12c for prime
washed, 10*4610% c for good washed. 9%^mjc
for good to prime washed peaberry. S%@9Ue
for goo<l to prime peaberry, S*ifclOc for good
to prime. 74/Se for fair, 4*i(i%c for common
to ordinary. Salvador — ll«»12c nominal for
strictly prime washed, S%®10V»c for good to
prime washed. - 7%(g8c for fair washed, O'S
10*;jC for fair to prime washed peaberry,
7%ti>iViC for good to prime semi-washed, 7*4@
8c for superior unwashed, 7@7*«ic for good
green unwashed. 7%fJSc for good to superior
unwashed t>eaberry,' 4$«>c for inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua — llVJttl-'Jc nominal for
prime to fancy washed. Sf/10c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. »i*i©7>>4c for good ,
to superior unwashed, 7%fiSc for good t">
; prime unwashed ceabfrry. Guatemala and
, Mexican — lUMjtilSc nominal for fancy washed,
llfJlJic for prlane to strictly prime washed,
, 0-%«rl0%c for strictly good washed. »©0Vic for
good washed. 7Vi*»S%c for fair washed. 6iQ7»yie
for medium. 4'«(ic for inferior to ordinary.
S%t?10 l / ic for fair 10 prime unwashed peaberry,
7-;4©SC "tor iiood to prime unwashed peaberry,
7ffSc nominal for good to superior unwashed.
6-n'7%c for ash-damaged.
LEiVTHER — Sole. heavy. 20<B32e: extra
•heavy. 304i40cper lb; medium. 27@2i)c: light.
i21^2iic: Rougb Leather. 2«@2Sc; Harness
' Leather heavy, 35rtI33c for No. 1 and SOti.ttc
[for No. 2; medium. 30i237c; light. 29©;>5c;
1 Skirting. No. 1, 4C@42c: No. 2, 3» ; ®:jSc; Collar
i Leather lofltCc per foot: Trace Leather, 40<a>
44c:'Klp unfinished, 40<p.")0c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 50"@COc per lb: Calf, finished. e5«@$l per
lh; Wax sides, 1WT17C per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14«16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $20@2S per ton; stick,
$15fftlS per cord.
OIL— Sp»rm is higher. Linseed, 44c for
boiled and 42c for raw in barrels: cases. 5c
more; Caster OH. In cases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers'
AA, $1 10«l 12; Lucol. 41c! for boiled and 39c
for raw In barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 05c; China Nut.
5MJ7CC per gallon: pure Neatsfoot. tn barrels.
7.">c: cases. 80c: Sperm, pure. 75c; Whale Oil.
natural white, 50©5oc per gallon: Fish Oil. In
barrels. 43c; cases. 50c: Cocoanut Oil. in bar
[ rels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian.
PORTLAND, Sept. 15.— Wheat. Walla -Wal
la. 78c; bluestem, 82c; valley, SOc.
TACOMA. Wash.. Sept. 15. — Wheat lc
lower; bluestem. 82c: club. 78c.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Sept. 15. — Clearings, |l,032,192*
balances. ?130,C21.
PORTLAND. Sept. 15.— Clearings, $S53,730;
balances, 566,065.
TACOMA. Sept. 15.— Clearings, $420,704; bal
ances. 9C2.0O1.
SPOKANE. Sept. 15.— Clearings, $372,302
balances. ?40.«14. * '
Northern Business.
E..;k» ate steady at the advance, which Is
easily maintained, as stocks of ranch are light.
Some changes In Eastern descriptions are
noted.
Receipts were 41.500 lbs Butter, S30 cases
Eges nnd 3100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 30c and occasionally
31c for extras and 26®2Sc for seconds; dairy.
21@24c; store Butter, 17%@19c; cold storage,
24fi25c; Eastern, 22g24c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12® 13c; Young America,
13jjl4c; Eastern, 15® 16c; Western,. 14<gl5o
l<er lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 3Cig37%c for large white se
lected and 30<J?3r>c for fair to choice; store.
22Vi<g27c; cold storage, 24©2Cc; Eastern, 22%8
27Vic per dozen.
The Butter market was not as firm yes
terday and most dealers reported a weak feel
ing; saying triat the advance had led to In
creased consumption of storage goods. Trade
In eeneral wes dull.
Fine mild new Cheese Is bringing the top
figure, but not in large lots. The great bulk
of the Cheese on the market Is going at 12%c.
Stocks continued larce.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
; NEW YORK. Sept. 15. — Extensive short •ell
' ing not unmixed witri some liquidation was the
feature of the day's stock market, particularly
during the early session. Much of the selling
was based on '.unfavorable crop reports. While
the market movement was governed largely by
this factor, others almost as depressing exerted
no Inconsiderable influence. London advices re
ported that the Macedonian situation had as
fumed a graver 'aspect and this, together with
the probable crisis in the British Cabinet bring
ing increased weakness to consols, all made for
lower price*. A further hardening of discounts
in London and Paris was _ reported, though
Paris exchange oh" London was easier. For all
that London l»;urtt perhaps 5000 shares on bal
ance, chiefly AtcKlson. Southern Pacific and
Erie. It Is quite probable that' all of these
transactions were of the arbitrage sort.
The local market opened with rather more
than the recent amount of activity, giving
promise or a bui-:y day. A rally soon followed
under the lead of Atchison. Other features of
strength at this time were St. Paul and Read
ing. A number of inactive issues. Including
General Electric, National Biscuit and Carolina
Chemical, were traded In moderately at all de
clines. The Steel stocks held barely steady,
| and the Ftreet was inclined to take a pessimie
i tic view of the call issued by the syndicate to
carry out the bond conversion. The heaviness
! of Amalgamated Copr<er reflected a drcp in Rio
I Tint'ss abroad. The market continued compara
| tively narrow and irregular, but in the late
| trading prices moved up and there was consld
j eraMe s,hort covering. A decline of 314 per
I cent In the Sttc-1 5 per cent bonds was In etrik
t Ing contrast to the material improvement made
I in the final trading by the grain carrying roads
, also by Union Paciflc and Southern Pacific.
Private advices indicating that early reports as
to crop damages had been somewhat exagger
j ated were largely responsible for the compara
1 tive strength of the market at the close. The
Erie statement of the quarter ending June 30
I was Ifsued. showing an increase In net earnings
I of more than $1,500,000 and a surplus increase
1 of $2.10,000. An increase of $222,000 in net
I earnings for the year was shown by the Chi-
I cago. Indianapolis and Louisville road
I The feature of the bond market was the
! nea\y liquidation in I'nited States Steel se C cn<l
I mortgage 5s, xchlch declined to 73 The gen
eral market showed some heaviness in sympa
thy. Total sales. $1,5*0.000. J P
United States 2s registered advanced '4 per
cent and the new 4s Y» per cent. The 2s cou
pon declined '4 per cent on the last call.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
., ,_, Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison y4,3«O tiGV* O*U cc,
Atehison pfd 1,25(5 89^ fou R»«
Baltimore A Ohio .. 16.510 siu 733? S i*
Baltimore & O pfd. 1.1S7 SC^4 SO s«
Canadian Paciflc .. 2,S."0 122 ! /4 121% 122 1 '
Central of New Jer 150 *
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1.100 32'4 3'>U ",*>\jl
J Chicago & Alton .. 1,100 22V« 22Vi 27il
Chicago & A pfd ej
! Chicago & Gt West 1.350 16 H'k J5*;
j Chi & Gt W B pfd. 170 28 2S 28
, Chicago & North . . 100 ICO'4 l«0»4 liJOU
j Chi Ter & Trans .. 91I
I <~hl Ter & T pfd .. 100 l!»ii lim on
j C. C. C. & Ht. L . 220 71 70% 71
1 Colorado Southern . 1.400 i:i»i 13^4 j.^sj
I -Colorado S 1st pfd . - 7*5 63 tt 53 ' 33 u
! Colorado S 2d pfd . 500 21 14 2O>4
I Delaware & Hud . 150 1«2 Ifi2 id
i DDelaware. L &. XV 400 2:tj 235 233
Denver A Rio G ... 400 24 24 >4 2354
I Denver & U G pfd. 700 77«4 7*i& 77
i Erie 33.110 2S% 27% 2S^
; Erie 1st pfd 3,175 fi(H4 U<)i£ C6«i
; Erie 2d pfd 700 50V 4 50 504
Gret North pfd lfiO
Hocking Valley .- <o
Hocking Valley pfd .78
I Illinois Central 1.323 132 131% 1S2%
I Iowa Central .lS'/i
I Iowa Central pfd 36 '
I Kansas City South 21 IJ
; Kanras City S pfd 3g',4
I Louisville & Nash . 2,700 103U, 103 103U
1 Manhattan L 500 i:«*i 133 133
Metropolitan St Ry 1,420 114 * 112 113%
Minneapolis & St L 100 57 R7 55
Missouri Paciflc ... 3,415 91>& $U% 91%
Missouri. Kan & T. 300 19 1S% jfl^
Mo, Kan & T pfd . 403 40 30^4 39^
Nat RR of Mer pfd 000 40% 40 40'j,
New York Central . 4.9O0 120% 120& 120',
Norfolk & Western 21,450 C2V4 01 62'^
Norfolk &. We»t pfd 100 SSVi S8H 8SV,
Ontario & Western «.91O 22>4 21% 22%
Pennsylvania 4,221 124i£ 123 124
Pitts. C. C. & St L '. CO
Reading 44,350 50% 4»% 60%
Reading 1st pfd ... 400 78 78 7S\i,
Reading 2d pfd 65
Rock Island Co ... 40.343 27 25% 27
Rock Island Co pfd 1.500 63% 61V, 62Vi
St Louis & San F 55
St L & S F 1st pfd C5
Ft L & S F 2d pfd 48
St Louis S W 300 15H 15H 15H
St Louis S W pfd 1.300 30 . 34 Vi 05%
St Paul 54,460 141 130 140%
fit Paul pfd 172
Fouthern Pacific . . 12,300 44 42% 43%
Southern Railway . U,0«O 21% 20% 21%
Fouthern Ry pfd .. 300 84^ "4Vi 84%
Texas & Paciflc ... 2,000 26V4 ' 25% 25%
Toledo, St L & W 19
Tol, St L & W pfd. 2.300 27 27 27
Union Pacific 8S.240 74 72% 73%
Union Pacific pfd . 100 85>4 85% 85%
Wabash 1.100 21 20 20%
Wabash pfd 2.400 33 31% 32%
Wheeling & Lake E 17
Wiscnnsln Central . 300 17% 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 4.500 39V4 39% 39
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American 180
United States .... 100
Wells-Fargo 210
• Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 53.M0 45>4 43«4 44%
Am Car and Found. 100 31 30% 31
Am Car & T pfd. 81%
Amer Linseed Oil.. 100 10 % 10H 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd 30
Amer Locomotive.. . 1,300. 17% '' 17W 17%
Amer Loco pfd 100 84% 84% 84-
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2.200 42i a 42 42%,
*
New York Stock Market.
LONDON. Sept. 15. — There was a very large
attendance at the opening of the fifth seriea
of woo! auction sales to-day. A good repre
sentative selection, mainly crossbreds, offered.
Several parcels of half breds washed were
taken for America. Lambs were taken, chiefly
for France. Scoured were In active request
for Germany. Cape Good Hope and Natal of
ferings were slow and showed a decline ex
cept flne, light, greasy, which was unchanged.
The home trade were the chief buyers.
London Wool Sales.
BAGS— Grain Basrs. 5^5Hc; San Quentin.
5.55c: Wool Bags. X!ft35c: Fleece Twine, ~Wt
He; Cotton Fi-uit lings. 6»<ic. t!*ic and 7Uc for
the three gra«le»: Brown Jute, Gi-iWT'aC.
CANNED FRUITS — The California. Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list tor'iWB stock:
General Merchandise.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Sept. 15. — Wool dull, nom
inal: medium grades, combing and clothing.
15ff21c: light, fine. lo'Sl'tie; heavy fine, 12@
14»-jc; tub washed. 2(i<7?:iOe.
St. Louis Wool Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
There was continued firmness in all lines of
Poultry, particularly line young stock, and
large Kens, Goslings and Squabs were quoted
higher. Receipts were liberal, but as retailers
were stocking up the market cleaned up well
and was practically bare at the close. No
Western came In, but a car was reported close
at hand and scheduled for to-day's market.' i
Receipts of Game were light and good sound
offerings found quick sale. Rabbits and Dove*
were unchanged, while Hare were quoted
higher.
POULTRY — Yourg Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per ' pair, $1 50tgl 75; Goslings. i'l<n'l 25;
Ducks, $3 50«4 50 per dozen for old and ?4^'»
for • young; Hens, $4 50®t>: young Rbosters,
Soflti; old Roosters. $4 , r >«@5; Fryers, $3 50«
4 50; Broilers. f3®3 5O for large and $2 00®a
for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old anj
?1 5o*r2 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@1 75 per dozen; Hare,
75c@?l 25; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Territory — Idaho, fine. 14fi!l5c:!fine medium,
lGVifaVtVic: medium." lS®10c. Wyoming, fine.
14@15c: fine medium. \3\^@l~^c: m^tum,
lS'i'&lftc. Utah and Nevada, nne. ir.fi.16c: flne
medium. l.ifglT^c; medium, li)ia20c. Arizona,
heavy, 13t»'14c; average, 15t?lCc; choice, 17((j>
ISc.
BOSTON. Sept. 15. — There Is a quiet tone
in the wool market, although there has been a
fair amount of wool moving. Prices are firm.
Boston Wool Market.
POWDER.
STP.EET RAILROADS.
California -.190 210 iPresidio ....«-•¦. 41
Geary — — '
Am Natl Bk.l2J}il25 L P & A — 1.5
Anglo-Cal .. — »7 Mer Trust ..23O —
tank of Cal. 540 — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlonl — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S t L. — — -Sav & L Soc 85 —
Hum S & U — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — iUnion T Co- — ¦ —
S F Sav U. — TOO I
BANK STOCKS.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Sept. 15.— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES EOND3.
4s or coup.. — — 4s qr c (new) ~- —
4s qr reg ... — — 3s qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — , Do 5s — —
Bay CPS 5slO3 — Do con Ps.102 tC2%
Cal C G 5s.. — — |O W C G 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic 9 5». — —
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st 5a.... — , — Pac G Imp 4s —
C C Wat 59. — — P E Ry 5s.H0 111
Ed L & P fis — — P A C H 6s. — . —
F & C H 6s. — — P & O R fia. — 110
Oeary-st X*.. — — Powell-st Ka. — —
HC*S 5'4s — — S E G&R 5s. — 104
H C & S 5s. 93 — SF & SJV f>3 — 120*a
Hon R T 6a. — — S R of C 63. — —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A to
L A Ry 53.. - 1161-S (XW.0) ....- —
LALCo6s. — — (1010) 109U —
Dr gtd Cs. — — S P «f C 6a
Do gtd 5s. — — (19«\'»lSr A. — —
LAP lem . r »s. — — «inO5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C «s. — — (190«) .... — —
Do lem 5s. — m'/i' UM2) ....117*4 —
NRR of C tislOC^i — ISP C lgc 5a. — —
NRC of C 5s — llO^a j Do stmpd. — —
NPCRSa. — — |S P H R 6a. — 14<>
X C U 5«.. — — 3 V Wat «slOr»»i lOrt
N C P C S3. — — Do 4a "dm. &9'.ilOO
N S R 5s.. — 100 .Do 4s ."Mm. 00 —
O G L H is. — — Stkn G&E 6a — —
O T Co 6s.. — — |L" G & E 5s. — •—
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 49Vi 58 [Port Costa.. — —
¦ Marln Co ... — — (Spring Val.. S4% S3
! GAS AND F.T.F.CTRIC.
Cent L. & P. — 5 SaeEG&R— —
Eqult Gas. .' — — S F G 4 E. 67 TO
Mutual E L. lUi 1»% R F Gas ... — , —
I Pac G Imp. 54 55 iStock G & H — —
• Pac Lighting K>»4 — 'U G & E — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFlCATEa
S F G & E. — 63
i INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — —
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the western
half of the country. Warm, pleasant weather
prevails generally on the Pacific Slope. Ihere
has been a rise ot 6 degrees or more In tem
perature during the pa?t twenty-four hours
over Oregon, Nevada and the San Joi.-juin
Valley.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles
per hour from the west is reported at El Paso.
Pleasant weather prevails at sea, the wind
at the Southeast Farallon being from the
northwest, velocity twelve miles.
Forecast made at San Francisco for the thir
ty hours ending midnight, (September 16:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday," con
tinued warm weather in the interior; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; warm
er: licht southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
light northerly winds changing to fresh west
erly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Orai«e picking is progressing rapidly In P.H
eectior.p and raisin curing and wine making
are w«-ll under way. Ttie grape crop Is heavy
in most pla-ci-R and a large yield of ralsms is
iriila^if. Carload sfc:;«nents of grapes to the
Kurt continue. The prune crop is reported
¦Mocwfcat lighter than usual, but of superior
quality; picking and drying are in progress.
Apples are abundant and of good quality. Al
n.itui barrcst is nearly completed. Walnuts in
uthtra California are rlitning slowly. The
<it-ciduous Iruit crop is be ing rapidly dried and
canned, and iarpe Ehipmenis are made dally.
Otrufc fruits continue in good condition.
IJean harvest has commenced in the Santa
Mana and Ventura districts; the crop is re
ix.rtc-d lighter than usual. Lima beans are ripe
at Anaheim and bean canning is progressing in
Lake County. Hop picking Is nearly completed
and baling is in prcgrets. The hay crop is
mostly unier cover and grain thrashing is torn.
pliteU except in a few places. Sugar beet har
vest continues and the factories are tn opera
tion; beets on irrigated lands have yielded
heavily.
Sacramento Valley. — Generally clear weather
and normal temperature prevailed during the
»e*Jt. High northerly wind on the 11th caiised
but slight damage to grapes and late fruits. A
heavy crop of grape* is being gathered and
large shipments to the East are matle dally.
Wine grapes in considerable quantities are now
going to the wineries. Conditions were favor
able for fruit drying, and prune curing is in
Ingress. Almonds are nearly all gathered and
hulling is nearins completion. Pear* hav
yielded a good crop. Citrus fruits are thrifty.
Hop tiling is progressing. With the exception
«jf airalfa. the hay crop is all secured. Feed
In the loothills is becoming scarce. Corn Is do
ing well.
Coast and Bay Sections. — The weather during
the w«rk was warm and generally clear, witn
very little fog la the coast districts. Forest
fire* destroyed much valuable timber in the
northern section. Beans in the southern coun
ties ripened rapidly and harvest U in progress.
Orain thrashing in San Luis Obispo County is
nearly completed; the crop is rer«orte'l very
good. Hay has yielded nearly an average crop
and te healthy under cover. Hop picking will
be completed Ouring the present week. Sugar
b«»et harvest continues and the factories are in
rp*ration; the beet crop is reported light.
<ira|«? picking is progressing. The prune crop
it= reported excellent in quality, but the yield is
below the average in xime piact*; picking aixl
drying are ia progress. Apples are yielding a
good crop.
San Joa<juin Vail^y. — Clear, warm days with
<->wil nifchts prevailed during the- part week. A
iirihk north wind occurred Friday In the north
ern portion of the valley, but no damage is re.
;>orted. Almond harvest continues; the yield I«
variable, but the quality Rood. Prunes are
ripening rapifliy and are of good size and qual
ity; rapid prepress is being made in gathering
th<- crop. Grape picking continues, and raisin
malcins ha« roade goad prefixes* during the
w«>k. although the weather has been compara
tively cool. Large Fh!j>mfnts of grains to mar
ket rrmtfnue. Wrr^rie* hare rtarted. and at
jwewnt are using Zinfandels mostly. Hay and
rtraw baling continue in potne districts. Stock
are healthy and in pood condition.
Southern California.— Warm, clear weather
prevailed during the v.-eok and conditions were
itvcrable for fruit drying and maturing laie
crops. Grape picking continues In all sections
••xcept in the hiKiicr valleys, and the yield U
reported large. Ilalein curing and wine making
have commenced in eoine places. Deciduous
irvUe cf all kinds ere abundant and of gool
quality. Walnuts at Anaheim are ripening.
Citrus fruits continue In excellent condition.
lioan 4iarveKt ha* commenced in Santa Bar
l>ara W entura and Orange counties. The sugar
be**.' fl-op is excellent, especially on Irrigated
lands. Grain harvest is completed.
Furcka Summary-— Crops in the bay district
turm-d out fairly well; barley 70 to SO bushels
per acre nnd peas will average 45 bushels per
ecre. Little damage ha» been done to apples
Angetee Summary. — Light showers Sun
day In places did no damage. Peach curing Is
about finished; quality excellent, but crop
ehortrr than expected. Prune doing begins
•onn.
Nearly normal temperature and clear weather
prevailed during the week In all parts of the
H:£h northerly winds in the Sacramen
to and San Joaquin valleys caused trifling dam
»ije M Krai>es and late fruit on the trees. For
< rt •*?• - destroyed considerable timber in the
r.urthern districts. Light showers occurred
.-unday in Southern California.
The weekly report of A. G. ilcAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The Weather and Crops.
BEEF — Prime Roast. lSfflSc: Porterhouse
Steak. 18@22»ic: Tenderloin Steak, 15&1SC;
r-'irloin Steak. 12%4i'15c; Top Round Steak,
12»5C; lieef Stew. 10c: Corned Beef. S&lOc;
Bonos, 4c; Soup Meat, 5&10e.
VEAL — Loin Roast, 154J2OC; Shoulder Roast,
JiHOISc; Chops and Cutlets, lSt^iOc; Stew,
MITTON — Leg. 12H'S"5<*: Forequarter. 8@
10c; Stew, 8^1Oc; Prime Chops. IS'sQISc.
LAMB— Leg. 20c; Forequarter, 12»**mc:
Hindquarttr, lS'tiSOc; Shoulder Roast, 10®
12 Ho: Chops, WtilSc.
PORK— Roast. 12%@lSc: Chops. 15§lSc.
These prices do not cover the cheaptr grades,
as it is impossible to quote regular prices on
them.
The following retail prices for meats are
quoted by tae Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation:
Retail Meat Prices.
> The movement in Hoss is now better than |
I It has I'e-n. as the local packers are uslnK a
I good many now. Prices ere very steady, but
! unchanged.
Beef and Mutton stand as before.
! DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaushterers to dealers
, are ks follows: "i
I BEEF — «®7c for Steers and T.'d)Gc per lb i
I for Cows.
VEAL— Large, G%@S%c; email, 0«10c per '
; pound.
( MUTTON— Wethers. 7%{IS«4e. with fine .
j stock occasionally 9c; Ewes. 7®,Sc per pound. J
' LA1IB — OtnOc per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hoss. 8%©OVlc per pound, j
LIVESTOCK MARKET. •-
The following quotations are for good, sound ,
j Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50 .
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
1 CATTLE — Steers. NSSC; Cows and Heifers, '
I 7©.Sc: thin Cows, 4ftSc per pound,
i CALVES — rtS5Vc per pouna tteros* weight). I
!' SHEEP — Wethers. 3%'94c; Ewes, i@3%c per ;
' pound (gross weight).
'• LAMBS — $2 75ig3 per head.
| HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. fie; under
' 150 lbs, 5%@5Tic; Sow?, 20 per cent en*; Boars,
l 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per ceni off from j
I above quotations.
Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15. — Tin was unchanged
in London. clo.sInK at £121 2s 6d for spot and
£120 12s 6d for futures. Locally tin waa
firm, with spot closing at $12 50fila 70.
Copper oriees were lower in London, spot
declining 10s to £30 12s 0d, wnile futures were
7s Cd lower at £5(5 7s Od. In New York cop
per was quiet. Lake, $13 75; electrolytic,
$13 62H©13 75; casting, $13 37%®i:i 50.
Lead declined Is 3d to £11 5s in London, but
was firm here, closing at $4 40. '
Spelter lost 2s 0d in London, closing at £21
5s, but remained quiet in the local, market
at .«•;.
Iron closed at 51s 3d In Glasgow and at 45s
10%d In Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet
and unchanged. Nn. 1 foundry (nortnem), $17;
No. 2 foundry (northern), $10 50; No. 1 foun
dry {southern) and No. 1 soft, $15 5U©16.
New York Metal Market.
Receipts of river Potatoes were very light,
but tha market was quiet owintc to the lack
of demand for : shipping and the light local
inquiry. Salinas Burbanks were offering free
ly at easier j rates- and moved • freely under a
steady demand for. local consumption. Sweets
were in amnle supply and steady. Receipts
of Onions were light, but the demand was
likewise and prices were unchanged.
Must kinds of Vegetables were in free sup
ply and trade was moderately active. Fine
Green Corn and fancy Tomatoes met with
quick sale, while common and Inferior offer
ings were Jail. The canners raised their
bid on Tomatoes to 35c per box and secured
a fair quantity at that rate. . Lima Beans
were in small supply and sold by the pound
at firmer pnees. while String and Wax Beans
were steady at the previously quoted rates.
Green Peppers were well cleaned up and
choice stock found quick sale at higher
prices. Okra was abundant and lower.
POTATOES — Hurbanks from the river. tlOcffS
$1 per ctl, with some fancy higher; Salinas
Uurbanks. $l@l 40 per ctl; River Reds. 80c^
?1 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 60*rl 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— 50@65c per ctl. • .
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. ?1@1 HO per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 25<f?l 75; from
Berkeley, 75c^?$l; Green Peas, 2i^'3c per. lb:
String Beans, 2%<F*3Vic per lb; Wax. 2%@:5c;
Lima Beajisi 2\t,ft3c per ib; Tomatoes, 35ftt75o
per box; Summer Squash, 25@40c per box;
Cabbage, 75©S5c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 25<jj'40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
3@3%c for No. 1 and Kg2tic per lb for other3;
Garlic. 2©3c per lb; Green Peppers, oO^SOc
per box or sack; Green Okra. 25@40c per box;
Egg Plant. 4O©50c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$10@12 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
dend of IVi Per cent, payable October 1. The
capital of this corporation was recently in
creased from *2SO.ooo to $500,000 and the pres
ent dividend is oa the increased capitalization.
The California Savlnss and Loan Society,
which has been in liquidation for seme years,
la considering the resumption of business, and,
a special meeting of the stockholders has been
called for September 2S to vote upon tn:
proposition.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Aztec Oil. 2c; Four
Oil Company, regular monthly, lc per share,
amounting to $;*cy; Contra Costa Water Com
pany, regular monthly, 32c per shars, amount
ing to $18,248 32; Port Costa Water Company.
regular monthly. 30c per share, amounting ta
$15OO; United Gas and Electric, regular month
ly. 13c per share, amounting to $£242 UO; Pre
sidio Railroad Company, resular monthly. 20c
p«r share, amounting to $2000; Gas Consum
ers' Association. 10c per 9hare. amounting to
$5000; the Daly West Mining Company of
Utah, a monthly dividend of 65c per snare
(this Is 5c more than the previous dividend):
the Empire State-Idaho Mining and Developing
Company, a montiily dividend of one-half of
1 Der cent: the Debenture Surety Company, a
monthly dividend of 5c.
A special meeting of the itockhoKiers ' of the
Spring Valley Water Company has been called
for November 23, to vote upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness tn the sum of
$2S>,000,000 in 4 per cent bonds.
There was a fair business in local securities,
but fluctuations were few. Alu.-.i i Packers'
advanced to Jl.'x and Onnmea Sugar was
firmer at $30 75. Mercantile Bank scld at $125.
The oil stocks were dull.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company has declared a regular quarterly divi-
Hops rule very flnn and are again a point
or so higher. The market shows rather more
activity.
There Is no change in Hides or Tallow.
Wool Is still tied up by the strike and
nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l>zc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, ©-Tie: medium, 8-7ic: light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c tor lljrht: Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 8%"e: Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 15<gl5%e: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25ff
30c each; phort wool, 4CS 50c each: medium. 70
ettOc; lone wool. $lipl SO each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@3 50 for medium.
$1 25<gi 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Hone
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1Q1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted
Mexican.' 26c: dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Aneroras, 75c: large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%©4»ic per lb:
No. 2, 4(f?4>4c: grease. 2%©3c.
. WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 0®
12c; Foothill. 10®12c; Middle County. 11913c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. lS'SMc: Nevada, 13
#?15e:' Valley Oregon, fine. lS@19o; do, medium,
i~<(tlXc: do. coarse, 16@17c Der !b.
HOPS — 22if|2tjc per lb, with growers disposed
to hold for 28c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Sept. 15.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1500; steady to strong; natives. $4@
ft 5O; cows, and heifers. $1 75<&5 25; stockers
and feeders, ?2 504«4 15.
HOGS — Receipts, 1850; 10@15c higher;
light $5 85©0 50; medium and heavy, $5 50
65 90. . '' .
SHEEP— Receipts, 141; steady; lambs. $5 25.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15. — CATTLE — Receipts,
6500; Texans, steady; good to prime steers,
$5 0C66 10; poor to medium. $1©5 25; stock
ers and feeders, ?2 f>0@4 15; cows, $1 50@
4 50; heifers $2??4 75; canners, $1 50@2 6o;
bulls. $2@4 50; calves. $3 50@6 75; Texas fed
steers. $3 25®4 50; Western steers, $3 25@4 50.
HOGS-^Receipts to-day, 13.000; to-morrow.
25,000. Slow; mixed and butchers, $5 5O@tf 20;
good to choice heavy. $5 80@6 10; rough heavy,
$5 50tg5 75; light; ?5 70<gti 25; bulk of sales,
$5 65<f?6. \
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $:iff
3 65; fair to choice mixed. $2'ga; Western
sheep, ?2 75(??3 05; native lambs. $3 50@5 75-
Western lambs. $3 50®5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
STOCK MARKET.
The local Bean trade quoted no - further
change in prices yesterday. The market con
tinued quiet, though some sales were made
a» usual.
There Is nothing doing In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos $3tf?3 15; Pea, $3 25; But
ters. $3 25; small White $30f3 10; large White.
$2 30®2 fiS; Pink. $2 SO^.J; Red. $2 90@3;
Lima. $3 4<mr, 00: Red Kidneys.' nominal;
Blackeye. $2 50®2 60 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 40<?fl 50. ." '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
5®5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape.
l?i@2%c: Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp 3V»@3V 2 c
per lb; Millet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Wheat — Sept. , : * -Oct. ¦ '•• Dec.
Opening « 5Vi 6 0% \ : '6 «%
Closing 6 5 6 5ft . 0 6
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening "0 05 . 2120
Closing 21 00 21 20
FJour —
Opening -20 50 28 20
Closing 32 20 28 35
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Local stocks and bonds not very active.
Wall street slocks declined and subsequently recovered.
Exchange and Silver unchanged from previous rates.
Wheat featureless at prez-ious quotations. Freights still low.
Barley firm, zrith a slight advance in cash grain.
Oats firmly held. Corn rather weak and Rye steady.
Kansas Flour continues to disturb the local millers.
Xothing new in Hay or Feedstuffs.
Beans selling quietly at steady prices. Seeds dull.
Butter quieter and easier since prices advanced.
Cheese in heavy supply, but the finer grades firm.
Eggs steady at the advance, zvith fine ranch rather scarce.
Dried Fruits hardly as act'we as a fortnight ago.
Honey quiet in spite of the short crop.
Provisions lozver at Chicago but unchanged here.
'A car of new Mackerel on the market.
Hops a point higher again and rather more active.
Hides and Tallozu unchanged. (
Wool market still tied up by the strike.
Hogs in better demand and firm. Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Vegetables fairly active.
Good Poultry and Game cleaning up well.
Fresh Fruit in light receipt and active.
Sperm Oil marked up 5c per gallon.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks... 604 Hops bales .... 44!>
Wheat, ctls.... K20!Flaxaeed sk3.. 313
Barley, ctla.... 14.1'JOj Wool, bales.... 2^7
Oat3. ctls „... O2O- Tallow, ctls.... 2SO
Beans, sks 4,217 j Pelts. No *«t>3
Potatoes, sks... 1.520iHldea. No 1.4M
Onions, ska .... 7uu Quicksilver. flXs 10
Bran, sks 250 Wine gaU 38,5t 0
Middlings, sks . 213| Leather, rolls.. 11*2
Hay, tons OSSLlme. bbU JM
Receipts of Produce.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@20c; dairy,
13017c. Cheese, firm. 10?4@llc. Eggs, steady,
17@18c.
Am Smelt & R pfd 300 90U 90 00t»
Am Sugar Ref 1,000 114% 113% 114%
Anaconda Mln Co. 400 77 72 72
Brklyn Rap Trans. 15,300 39 U 3S 3fc%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 400 43V* 43VI 43%
Colum & Hock Coal 100 14% 14% 14V4
Consolidated Gas... 600 172 171 171%
General Electric... 1,000 160U 160 100
International Paper 100 12% 12% 12%
Intcrntl Paper pfd 63%
International Pump 34%
Intrntl Pump pfd 90
National Biscuit... 300 39% 39% 39 *V
National Lead 14', s
North American... 700 75*4 75 75
Pacific Mall 21
People's Gas 600 93 li 92% 93
Pressed Steel Car.. 900 39V» 38% 39%
Pressed S Car pfd 78
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 400 10% 10% 10%
Republic Steel pfd. 900 60 64 '4 60%
Rubber Goods 600 17'i 15% 1G%
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.600 38% 36% 3M»
U S Leather 1.200 7% 7% 7%
IT S Leather pfd.. r>00 "»% 70% 70%,
U S Rubber 300 12% 12% 12
U S Rubber pfd 41
U S Steel 18,000 20% 19% 20%
IT S Steel pfd 9,000 «:!)% 69 69%
Western Union 600 83*4 S2% 83
Total sales 604.900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of Fan Francisco: 20.0LK)
at $79 37>A. 10.000 at $70 50, 2000 at $79 37%,
15.000 at $79 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
XJ S ref 2s ree. ..108 F W & D C lsts.lC2«-j
Do coup 108 Hocking Val 4%s. 105
Do 0s reg 108 Steel 75
Do coup 10S. L & N Uni 4s... 98%
Do new 4s reg.. 135% Mex Central 4s... 78%
Do coup 135»J, Do 1st lnc 1«
Do old 4s reg..lOU Minn & St L 4s.. i»5y t !
Do coup 110 M K & T 4s 07% I
Do 5s reg 101% I Do 2ds 7S 1
. Do coup 101%'N Y C g 3%s JI5" 1 ;
Atch gen 4s 89Ti!N J C Ken 5s 128
Do adj 4s. i UOVi N Pacific 4s .101
B & O 4s 101 j Do 3s 71
Do 3%s H2% N & W con 4s... BQ%
Doconv 4s 08 i Pennsylvania .... 95 : Ji
Can So 2ds 105%! Reading- Gen 4s.. 94-7 v
Cent of Ga 5s 105 |St L & I M c 5s.llO*t
Do 1st inc 74141st L & S F 4s... !)2
Chesa & O 4>/.s..lO2V 4 St L S W lsts... 93%
Chi & A 3'/is 7.1% Do 2ds 72%
C K & Q new 4s>. 91% S A & A P 4s Suk
CM&StPg 4S.104 S Railway 5s 113
C & N W con 7s. 130% Tex & Pac lsts...H4U
C R I & P 4» KiO T St T.. A W 4s. .. 71 it.
C C C « St L g 4s Oo=K| Union Pac 4s.... Jt9%
Chicaso Term 4s. 7.J% Do conv 4a 94'4
Colo Fuel & I... 7S Wabash lsts 114%
Colo & So 4s S.'»V> Do 2da 105%
Con Tob 5S% Do Deb B ."Vi
D & R G 4s 'JS?i West Shore 4s...Hi9ii
Erie prior lien 4s. O«>^ W & L E 4s SS
Do gen 4* 8.1 'WJs Cent 4» 80
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief Ort
Alice 17 Ontario 4 75
Breeco 15 Ophir ISO
! Brunswick Con 05 Phoenix OS
Cometock Tunnel.. 071 Potosl .". 2»$
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Savage 25
Horn Silver ..'....1 0O Sierra Nevada r>.{
Iron Silver 1 25: Small Hopes 23
Leadville Con W)%|standanl 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
tzoney — West'house Com.. 7S
Tall loans 4 ftij Mining —
Time loans 5%&ti Adventure 5\i
Bonds — _ Allouez 4i£
j Atchison 4s 97% Amalgamated ... 44"Hl
Mexican Cen 4s.. 71% Daly West. 33%
Railroads — Blngham '13%
Atrhison 6.*<7<, Calumet & Hecla.450
Do pfd S9% Centennial 17V*
r.oston & Albany. 25O Copper Range 5oV.
P.oston Elevated.. l.t(><;. ,[>ominion Coal... 72»<i
' N Y. N H& H...19:j% 'Franklin S
Kitchburg pfd 134 Jsle Royale 7
Union Pacific 73% Mohawk 40
Miscellaneous — Osceola 57
Amer Sugar 114 Old Dominion.... 8?i
I Do pfd IIS'.; larrot 19
| Amer Tel & Tel. 131 -anta Fe Copper. 1%
I l>ominion I & S-. 11 Vamarack SO
f General Electric. .liV.f Trinity 6
1 Ma.«s Electric 20 jUnitcd States 19
i Do pfd 7.S«i|Utah 2MS
I'nited Fruit 101 iV'ictoria 3%
fas Steel 20i^lWinona 7»4
Do pfd S3 Mil Wolverine 64%
i LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
i Con for money. J>8 15-l(>!New York Cen... 124
! Cen for 'acct S'J 1-KijNorfolk & West.. <VJ%
Anaconda 3%\ Do pfd 91
Atchison 66",i 'Ontario & West.. 93
Do<pfd 92% 'Pennsylvania 63%
Bait & Ohio fs2% Rand Mines...... » : ft
i Canadian Pacific. 12">-i, Reading 25 ->i
Ches & Ohio 83% Do 1st pfd 40%
Chi Gt West 18% Do 2d pfd 34%
I C. M & St P 143> i Southern Ry 22%
PeBeers 19"^) Do pfd 87Vi
Den & Rio G 23U|Southem Pacific. 44"^
Do pfd 80V.. Union Pacific 75%
Erie 2SV Do pfd 88%
Do 1 Ft pfd 68K ' D S Steel 20%
Do 2d pfd B1H Do Pfd "IVi
Illinois Central... 136 >*. Wabash 21%
! Loul & Nash 10<!H Do pfd 34
J M. K & T 1!)%
Bar sliver, quiet. 26%d per ounce. Money,
3% per cent. The rate of discount In the open
j market for short bills is 3"<> per cent and for
| three months' bills 4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 tor split
and $15 for sawn; Rustic, $40342.
MACKEREL — A car of new fish Is on the
market, quoted at i'Siii 27 for barrels and (10 5u
©12 for half barrels.
LARD — Tierces ¦ quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%©10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ll@HVic; 10-lb tins, llVi®H%c:
5-lb tins. ll«4e; 3-Ib tins. 1J%C.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9^c: thre«
halt barrels. 0%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9}ic; five tierces. 0%c per lb.
Though Chicago was lowrr the packers and
traders there were bullish, anticlpatinz &e
creazing stocks during the next few weks.
This market was culet and without change.
CURED MEATS — Baeon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium.- 15c for light,
15Vic for extra light, 17 %c icr sugar-cured and
ISVjC for extra sugar-cured; Eastern 4ujiar
cured Hams, 15-7ic: California Hams, 15%c.
Mess Beef, $11 5o@12 per boU extra Mesa, $12
©12 50; Family. $13 50: prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear. $25; Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28: Pigs' Feet, $S 25;
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
Proi'isions.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 1S.400 21,700
Wheat, bushels 13H.80O • 52.400
Corn, bushels 784,100 674, «OO
Oats, bushels 320,000 327,700
Rye, bushels 4,800 ~ . .•
Barley, bushels 09.900 4,700
Hay and Feedstuffs continue as before quot
ed. Receipts of Hay are heavy, while there
is plenty of Bran and Middlings coming in
to satisfy the current demand.
"BRAN— $23<f?24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 C0@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $23@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24g25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20@26 50; job
bing. 527027 50; Cocoanut Cake. *21@22.
Corn Meal. $33@33 60: Cracked Corn. $33 50®
34 50; Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans.
$2Sff»:.-J0 per ton.
HAY— Wheat $11@14 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11@13 50; Oat.
$10@13; Wild Oat $'J 50@U 50; Barley. $9plt:
Clover. $8 :H)©U; Stock. $8@9; Alfalfa. $9 50@
10 50 per ton '
STRAW — 35©05c per bale.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Flour, $4 5004 75; Cracked Wheat. $.1 75: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $0 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas., boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
No. 2. 10%®Jl%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%f?12c;
No. 2, 10@10%c: tew Almonda. lie for Nonpa
reils, I0%c for I X L. lOUc for Ne Plus Ul
tras and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. Tv'a'c
for Eastern; Pecars, ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5. •
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%@13%c for white
and 9®llc-for amber; new water white ex
tracted. 5U@6%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark, 3%<&4%3.
BEESWAX— 27£29c per lb.
57%c; good feeding- barley, 4!)@50cr fair to
choice malting, 53<gG0c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 01;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 07; prime timothy seed,
$3 10; mess pork, per bbl, $12 55@12 «O; lard,
per 100 lbs, $U 27Vi®9 30; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 50(88 87%; dry • salted shoulders
(boxed), $U C2%€?0 75; short clear sides (boxed),
|8 50@8 75; clover, contract grade, $a U3.
THE SAN FKANCISCO , CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1903.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
September, new. R0% 81>4 R0% $0$,
December, new. 82^ 83*4 82 82%
May... 84% 84%- 84 _ .S4#
,Cora No. 2 —
September 51% B2% 51% 51%
December 52 ' 52% 51% CIV*
May 52 02% 51% 51 U
Oats No. 2 —
September 3C% -. v 37% 36-% ¦ 37 ¦
December 38 1 38% 37% 38 U
May 39% 39% 39% 30.V
Mess Pork, per bbl— .^ /"
September 13 50 1.1 57% 13 50 .13 57%
October 13 82% 13 85 13 60 13 07%
May ...13 85 13 87% 13 62% 13 US
Lard, Der 100 lbs —
September » 4O 0 40 9 25 0 30 .
October 8 42% 8 45 8 15 8 35
January* 7 45 7 50 7 32% 7 37%
Short Hlbs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 85
October .... 0 00 ft 05 8 90 0 00
January ....... 7 17% 7 25 707% 710
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Flour and Millstuffs.
There Is nothing new. Now that the local
millers are no" longer cutting, buyers are
held down .pretty well to the established quo
tations.' Kansas Flour ia still competing with
the domestic product, to the latter's detri
ment. .?"aBpwftn<vWiWa)w*CllS
FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras. $4 60#
4 86 usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 fiO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 .per bbl
lor family and $3 0O@4 40 for Bakers. ,
-¦:¦ MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 10O Idb; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye ; Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn. Meal, $3 25; , extra cream do. if 4; Oat
Groats, ,$4 50; ; Hominy. $4@4 23; Buckwheat
Fruits remain about as before, though the
demand is reported hardly as active as a v»"ek
or ten days ago.. Still, there is a fair quantity
changing hands right " along and holdera are
not making concessions to sell.. Nuts are steady
and Honey Is quiet, unexpectedly so consider
ing that the crop is short. Raisins are firmly
held at the opening prices.
NEW FRUJT — AprtcotB, 7@9c for Royals
and 9©llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
566c- Peaches, 5&©7c; pears, 6®9c; Ntc
tarines. 4©4%c for white; Figs, white, 4'£@
i~A<i in boxes: Plums, pitted, 5*8 7c per li».
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%@2%c for tha four
sizes, with %«lc premium for the large sizes.
¦- . RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Two
crown, G@a%e.; three^crown, 6Vi®<S%c: four
crown. 6*1 ©7c.
/NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%i<?13c;
Dried Fruits^Nuts, Raisins, Honey
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
5^* Regular Weekly Anction of ££s
HORSES., HOP.SE3. H0RSE3.
Weanesday September 16, at 11 a. m.. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE S AST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
12
CAM —RAX CIS CO CALL.
EUETNESS OFFICE of the Esn Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
or.tll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
EKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Ftreet; opvn until 9:30 p. m.
CSV McAllister ptreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1241 Mission street; open until 10 p. rn.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
cr;iil 9 p. m.
3C6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttretts; open until » p. ra.
22uO Filim ore street: open until 9 p. ra.
SIEKTI.NO .NO TICKS.
SAN Francisco Consistory No. 1, (H_3
havinp ax-ce:>t«Hi an Invitation Jm F
ircm California Consistory No. TT-- *Wji 71
:. :.. attend the conferring .if !J25s£?S*!
the ihiny-twoond decree THIS Ur_3Kl*Tlf
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING, J__.
Sertem>«T 16. at Golden Gate [>¦¦»
Hall, C2> gutter St., all members aic re- j
guested to attend.
HENRY Bl.'RNER. Registrar.
•OALJFOnXIA OonMstoi-y No. 5. -^ __
A. _• A. F R. ; *J25 Sutter Ft. x Ifi ,_k
I'allf-d rat-ftins THIS (WED &&%.hjF\
Ni;S D A Y ) EVENING at 8 riZ^jFjktl,
o'clock; J2d degree. Visiting MrY^jS
brethren cordially invited. /^Ac"nL -»i
FRANK B. LADD. Master of <3os3SS7£-
CHA11LES JELLIXEK. A«_*'
Registrar.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. _ A. O
M. Called meeting THIS <\VEDN_S-VV£
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First degree.
THEO. FROLICH. Sec
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. & A. M. «
23 end 3d drgrees THIS (WEDXES-Vy
DAY) EVENING, at 7:15 o'clock. By /V\
order of the W. M.
R. II. McPHERSON. Sec.
EXCELBIOR Lodge No. 166. F. _ A. _
M. First degree THIS <WEDNES- "«/v
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7^^
H. J. OWEN, Sec. ' v *
MISSION Ledge No. 1C9. F. _ A. M. «
<"a!l*>d meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)'"*^'
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third S^f\
decree. R. H. aLLE.v, s*-o.
1VASHOE Ledge No. 5, K. of P.. will -JJ*;
confer the knight rank (long form),
WEDNESDAY. September 16. at 7^& I
I'ythian Castle, 0W, Market street, _Ci>X I
at f*:'M p. ra. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially invited. FRED WICKERT. C. C.
O. XORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
NATIONAL L'nion, ' M* 1 I__l3^.)si
niii i'oui 11, meets T< 1- v H2ag~TJ'Tp*^».
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, ¦ ff
Kjurth Ft., at S o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially Invited; initiation.
By crder. E. A. M. GILBERT, President.
C H. VAX OHDKX. ri«-cretar>.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SAN FKANCISCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hereby given
that jiurtuant to an order and resolu-
tion of the board of directors of the San
Francisco Gas ard Electric Company adopted
at a meeting cf eaid board duly held at the
c'Sce of the conrany in the City and County
cf San Franciico, State of California, on
the 12th day of August. l'J03. a meeting of
the stockholders of San Francisco Gas and
Electric Comjiar.y will be held at the efflce
of the company, number 415 Post Street. San
Francisco. California (the same beltuf th»
principal place of business of eald corpora-
tion end the building where the board of di-
re Jtore usually meet), en Thursday, the 22nd'
day cJ October. 1903. at the hour of 2 o'clock
P. Ji.. lor the purpose of acting and voting
upon the proposition to create a bonded In-
debtedness of eald corporation to the amount
la the aggregate of ten million <10,00o,O«/0>
dollars. United States Gold Coin, for the pur-
pose cf acquiring property to be used In car-
rying on the^>usiress of the corporation and
in crder to provide funds for other legiti-
mate and necessary purposes of the corpor-
ation. Fueh bonded indebtedness to be secured
by a mortgage or deed of trust upon all the
property now owned by eaid corporation, or
which it may hereafter acquire. By order of
the beard of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company.
THE California Debris Commission. ha.vine re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
proctts Irom C. A. Poage, in Phelps Hill
niiue, near Washington, Nevada County.
Cal.. draining into Jefferson Crttk, which
reaches South Yuba River; from Plumas
Mines Comuany. In Pitimas mines, near
yuincy. Plumas County. Cal.. draining into
bquirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Kc-ather River; from Excelsior Hydraulic
Mining Company, in Excelsior mine, near
LowtH Hill. Nevada County, Cal.. draining
into North Fork Steep Hollow Creek, which
reaches Feather River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room 96. Flood bulld-
ir.g. San Francisco. Cal.. September 2$, 1903,
at 1 :.'>0 r>. m.
ATTO KN E Y S-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE! ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS?
Divorce* a specialty- Private. Quick,
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market Et., offices 1. 2, 3, 4 and 5.
EEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y one can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement pays "Attorney at Law"' the party
advertising is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. S5. JtlG Market: tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants tjected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tlcnc attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
l:OET. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 011; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
eveainca by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance coat In meritori-
ous caeee. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
DJVORCrc — Cofts $12; quick, quiet; opea even-
:rgs. 1»27 Market St.. room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprecfcels bids.. 927 Mar-
ket tt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs 309-10-11,
Ciuniff bl.jg.. 503 California Et.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson, 927 Market.
ADVICE free: all cases; open evening*. M.
L. RYAN. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC. "
YOUNG talking parrots.SS each;G€rman singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you; every.
¦thing in our line at right paices. 1546 Market
lit >IM_«.S CHAACKS. ~~
II. G. WILKE. 2O'.i KearnjTTu
Established 12 rears. Rral estate and busl-
««**_ agency, if you want to sell or buy go
La 2<J'j Kearny. References: Examiner, Call
«nd Chronlclp.
A- f 1 Gufi : RESTA URANT and coffee saloon.
fVV. ferries bldg.; lease; place clearing at
least S.TIK) per month. See R. G. WILKE
Lti>i Ke»mj- B U *^*ww
TO LEASE. ,
On Mason Ft., ajoininc; the "Poodle Dog,"
u fine modem roomins-house of 105 room's
under construction, but aJmost finished; 5o
pintle room* and .^5 baths; great location;
reasonable rent; a sure money winner If run
on the right plan. Speck & Co.. C07 Market.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will
of a new bri<-k apartment-house of 175
rooms. In the city's twellest locality; partly
furnished and although just opened is over
half tilled with regular tenants already; long
.¦•..-•: If you want an apartment-house don't
1*11 to P' ; particulars of this at rooms
1104-lir., Call building.
V C\V HOTEL FOR BALE. "
Brand-new brick hotel, 100 rooms, magnlfl-
oeolly furnished, with the beattgrade of fur-
niture «tnd oarpets: located In the heart of
tfcv higli-grade residence hotel section, on a
c-urner and equipped with every modern hotel
convenience, such as electric lights, electric
«'levutor. tsttam heat, phones In every room,
inltiaid-room, grillroom, etc.: long lease.
Apply rooms 1404-05, Call building.
J-JW— BAKERY in Monterey: good business; 2
hordes, 2 wagons, all appliances for bakery.
_Apply M. B. SMITH. Monterey. Cal.
MIXING town; a. stock of ladle*' and gents*
furnishing good*; cetab. trade. Box 4303, Call.
WANTED — Party with capital to take up new
Invention, protected by 2 U. S. patents, for
j'U. -)»»•- of rutting on market :n U. S.; in-
vegtigate. Box 1736. Call.
FOR sale— The HOTEL NEVADA, a flrst-
claws hotel at Reno, Nev.; fine location: «ur-
rounded by trees, large lawn and doing good
business; selling account of poor health.
-0-YEAR established butcher business for sale;
!-;r:y deeiroue of Gelling owing to other busi-
ners en hand. Apply 432 Third st.
i?tri; BRANCH bakery and confectionery: * liv-
ing rcoms: rrnt 515; Knap; bargain. WESV-
1SKN REALTY CO., 1007 *£ Market St., r. 1.
13AXERY — Fine location in Rio Vista: good
i...k<-r will do well. Address DAN Me-
URAl'GH. Rio Vl*ta.,Cal.
I'OJi sale — Dyeing and cleaning works; will
teach party. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
Don't spend your time in kicking, like the man who plays football.
But put an advertisement In the Dally Morning Call;
For then you'll have no cause to fret and talk about hard times, ,
Since business bliss will come to you and dollars grow from dimes.
There is no doubt about it, for you hear it every day,
That Call Want Ads, and displays too, our patrons always pay.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
- 520 Sacramento St., 620.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
ASTORIA— OREGON— near PORTLAND.
FEE $1— ASTORIA— FARE $3.
25 laborers, $51 fd.; 25 rockmen, $59 fd.
Steamers call this morning to EUREKA, so
call early to go to EUREKA, HUMBOLDT
CO.— EUREKA.
HALF FARE— FEE $1 — HALF FARE.
10 laborers, R. R., In woods, $37 50 fd.
10 swampers, woods. $37 50 fd.
10 laborers, yards and mills, $37 CO. *
LARGE LUMBER CO. STEADY JOB.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE-^-FREE FARE.
n Fee $1 ; 25 laborers and teamsters, $2 25 day.
BIG TUNNEL — NEAR CITY — FREE FARE.
FEE SI; 10 muckers, $60; 5 tunnelmen, $75.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO — HALF FARE — Fee $1.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen, $67 50 to $75.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work; half
fare.
Laborers, ballast lronmen and splkers, $2 to
$2 00 day; NO DISCOUNT; FEE $1.
MANUFACTURING CO. LABORERS.
15 laborers, you'll suit. $45 found; FEE $1.
600 men and boys to pick fruit, work In dry
yards, etc., In 7 different counties. $26 to
$37 50 and found; $1 75 to $2 day; board
yourself.
300 men for sawmllla. yards and woods, all
over the State, $2 \if $3 50 day.
Lumber pller, free fare, boss here, $40 fd.
10 trackmen, near city, $2 25 day, free fare.
FEE $1; 10 laborers, near city, $2 25 day.
3 laborers, handle truck grain, $3 day.
12 farmers, $26 to $35 found; 3 choremen.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work. FREE FARE.
200 section and extra gang men, all over
.State; also Merced and Fresno; FEE $1.
MISCELLANEOUS.
8 carpenters, different Jobs; see us.
200 laborers, different Jobs, some city; 20
miners. 200 muckers and carmen, $60 to $75;
circular saw filer and hammerer, small mill.
Bee boss here, $75 fd. ; baker, country shop,
$12 to $14 week and board; cook, B. H., $50
found; third cook, new hotel, north, free
faro, $30 found; waiters and dishwashers.
Men, we have 600 other Jobs not advertised.
Call and see us and get a free list of Jobs.
AT PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 520
Sacramento at.
BASTERS on coaU wanted; steady work and
good pay for the right people. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. >
WANTED — A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
pressing; union shop; union wages. Apply
S. N. WOOD _ CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants finishers; union ahop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary et.
PANTS pressers wanted. Apply at 27 Geary
St.. S. N. WOOD CO.
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none other
need apply. 8. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
A YOUNG man for offlce. with thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; Address In own
handwriting, stating experience, box 1265,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Salesman for retail business; one
experienced in grocery or crockery business
preferred; give reference, experience and
wages expected. Box 1261, Call office.
WANTED — An American boy of 16 to 20 years
of age; must furnish good references; one
who is willing to work; labor light. Box
1273. Call offlce.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bdg.. 5 doors from Market.
COATMAKER for country. Apply to REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st. -
WANTED — Experienced stock boy on cloaks
'and suits. BARON'S. 762 Market st.
BRIGHT boy of neat appearance for wholesale
hardware business. Box 1264, Call offlce.
WANTED — Man for delivery wagon; references.
Box 1263. Call offlce.
WANTED — An elderly man as bedmaker. Call
at 10 a. m.. 614 Kearny st.
PORTER for restaurant. Call 7 Ninth St., be-
tween 2 and 3 p. m.
YOUTH wanted for porter work; etate wagres
expected. Address box 4310. Call offlce.
BOY to learn plumbing. 01 Jackson st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay gt. ¦
WANTED — lst-class coppersmith. Apply 814
Kearny st.
TINSMITHS wanted, steady work. 'Apply 17
Drumm st.
- j
YOUNG man for butcher wagon; 16 to 19;
good references. 602 Post st.
BOY to learn trade; good opportunity; wages.
Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
RELIABLE all-round j middle-aged German;
handy on bar; wine house. 15 City Hall »qr.
BARBER for Wednesday noon, Saturday and
Sunday afternoons. 42S Broadway st.
BARBER— George, formerly with Conrad,
please call. 411 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Strong boy for candy factory. 1025
Fillmore st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady wages; $14 a
week. 2195 Powell st
BARBER for Wednesday evening, Saturday
noon till Sunday noon at 532 Third st.
WANTED — Waiter at New Golden Gate Hotel.
104 Fourth st.
WANTED — Young man with slight knowledge
of bookkeeping; references. , Box 1276, Call.
WANTED — A good dishwasher and porter.- 105
California Market. California Restaurant. 1
A WAGON blacksmith helper wanted. 163S
Mission st. '
BOY wanted In tin shop to learn trade; 16
years old. 533 Mission st.
TAILOR wanted, first-class coatmaker. 220
McAllister st. ' \
WANTED — A good pants maker. 713 Market
St., near Third, room 203. ' » .
BOY about 20 to work on Call -building; sailor
boy preferred. Inquire elevator director.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes halN
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
-and 60c while you watt at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. v
BARBER shop. 3 chairs; 3 living rooms: cen-
trally located; rent $10; account of death;
any reasonable offer accepted. H. BERN-
ARD. 104 Seventh Bt.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay St. -
WANTED — Rough carpenters and" laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st, 3an
Francisco Construction Company.
BARBER' shop;' 2 chairs; must ba sold; bar-
gain. 6C0 Folsom st.
WANTED — At once, younjr man bookkeeper.
Apply at 330 Thirteenth st.
SHORT-HOUR barber shop for sale; 2 chairs.
127 Clay st. r
GOOD paying barber shop for sale account of
; leaving city; reag. Will & Flnck. Market st.
ERRAND boy with cood recommendations.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st. ,
BOY for- picture framing: also a man 3 days
a week. JONES. 1514 Park st, Alameda.
BARBER shop for sale; 4 living rooms; cheap
rent; 3 years' lease.- 229 Hayes st.
BARBERS— I will buy or rent 1 or 2 chair
',"•¦¦; outfit. ¦ Address box 1251, Call office.
Steady Jobs.
HELP WANTED — MALE— -Con.
MURRAY _ READY. "*~ ~~~~ ~~~~~~ ~~"~~~
PHONE MAIN 6S48. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
•FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a.m.; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German,
Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Greek
spoken.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Alan.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
43.000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ¦ . ARIZONA.
OREGON, LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN. ISLANDS, \VILLITS. UKIAH,
AND ALL POINTS S. E. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. f5. $4. S3. S.2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenters; large winery; fare $3; $40 fd.
Carpenter; ranch: SOc fare: $40 and found.
'"• carpenters, house work, fare $1 30. $3 50
day.
16 carpenters, big lumber company, north,
boss here.
15 carpenters, 6 helpers; bis: water power;
south; $90 and $67 CO.
MURRAY - READY. 634 and C38 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted: any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEK. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go come
back with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH,
EAST, SOUTH; also many to the great win-
eries.
MURRAY -.READY.! 634-638 Clay it.
COME.
863 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs. $2, $2 CO and $3 day. All classes of
work.
Come. eee.
155 Italians. $2 23 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
105 laborers, teamsters. Wllllts. Uklah. free
fare. $67 50.
Do you know — Free Fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co's own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men, $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $87 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit $60. $75. fd.
96 miners and timbermen. $9O fd.
1R6 quarrymen, also drillers $82 to $90.
00 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES, FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
$45 found.
55 milkers, butter-makers. $30. $33. $40 M.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 60. $3 day
08 foremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16- stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards. $35 to $S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards mines,
mills. $40 to $70 and found
MURRAY & READY,
< 634 and 636 Clay st
.- WHERE ARE THEY?
56 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Managers Here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 to $70
and found.
lftS experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
386 ¦woodchoppers, tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70. $60. $50. $40, $30 found;
very few men to cook for; jio women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50. $10
found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS. •
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $:JO found*
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country po-
sitiens. $15 to $30 found.
0 porters and b?dmakers. city and country po-
sitions. $45 to $20 found.
S6 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 found.
18 boys to learn trades and work In facto-
ries, SB to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL , BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE & LETTER
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $60.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA — HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber co., $60 to $75.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $12 found.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50. $67 60.
68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery. $3 60 day.
26 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $60.
SOUTH TO-DAY.
25 laborers pile lumber. S40 found.
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare $1. you'll suit. $3 day.
3 machinists, bench work, fare COc, $3 day.
Cooper, packing-house, $3 25 day.
2 lathers, $2 50 per M; Janitor, hotel, $2o fd.
3 slack coopers, 9c; second butcher, $50 fd.
Cut-off sawyer, city: 3 boys learn trade, $D.
5 laborers, pile lumber, 10c fare. $2 70 day.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nailing machine man. city. $75.
Dumpcart driver, mine. $35 found.
2 dishwashers, ranch, fare $1. $25 found.
5 laborers for woods, north, $40 found.
55 laborers, special electric R. R-, $60 to
$67 50.
Boiler-maker.
36 drillers, water company, NORTH, $75.
36 drillers, muckers, etc.. $75, $60, free fare.
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 lronmen, splkers. track laborers, $75.
12 laborers, track gang on railroad. $3 day.
2 carpenters, factory, 10c fare. $3 day.
3 meat cutters. $15 week: blacksmith, fare
$1, $3; wood turner, $3 50; waiter. Mon-
terey; waiter, mine, town, $35. fare paid.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES AT KM-636 Clay st. .
FRESNO— FARE FREE. *
25 laborers; you go TO-DAY. Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 £0; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st., Exam. b'.d.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied. unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our lr>-
. and possessions, and at naval stations in the
'United States. Apply at recruiting offlce. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. : 222ft N. Main
et., Los Angeles. Cel.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who has had experi-
ence as a window trimmer to go to a city
not far from San Francisco; salary $75 per
month to start with; state age and experi-
ence. Box 1270, Call.
WANTED — Several men who have tramped ex.
tenslvely In the United States: rteady em-
ployment and good pay for those who suit;
give full particulars of experience. Box
1271, Call offlce.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our busi-
ness and take responsible position when
qualified; position permanent; salary $900;
references required. GEO. L. SHUMAN &
CO.. 64 Columbian building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to tha Denver House.
'217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
WANTED — A boy for errands, learn a trade.
$3 to start. 1" Trinity St.. between Sutter
and Keara>. C. J. HARRIS & SON.
BOY about 15 years for men's furnishing
Rtore. 424 Kearny et.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar.
' ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms'
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1099
Valencia st,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. B63 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 00c. 563 Mission st.. bet: 1st and 2d sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR sale — $1000: bicycle andV«eneral repair
shop, lully equipped to handle any kind of
light machine work: electric motor and
lights, cempressed nir pumps, lathe, tools,
etc.; 00 bicycles: established 7 years; reason
for sellinE. owner compelled to leave city;
¦will stay with buyer until familiar with busi-
ness; no nirents. Box 1209, Call.
FOR tale or rent — Fully equipped, modern,
paying fcotpltal In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR rale — Good oyster and chop house. 12tl
Seventh st.
FOR tale — A good saloon In Oakland. Inquire
H GLOY. 1 Telegraph ave.
FOR SALE— An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOIS SALE.
100 ROOMS: house for men; rent $140 — .$4000
f.8 rooms; south of Mprket: rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; psrt cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 830
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms. ; apartments : Western Add. ;rent 250
Hotels rcadhouses. flats & to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny wt.
LODGING-HOUSE: sunny corner; long lease;
rent very low; 70 rooms; well furnished.
Box 12C7. Call. _
$1000: INVESTIGATE to-day; muet sell : 21
rooms; rent $M; cleans $S5. 10tJ3 Howard st.
EIGH^ large rooms on Grant ave. For all
particulars Inquire at "1C Sutter St.. saloon
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the ra-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
st.. Octavla.
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seancca
Friday and Sunday eves.. SOc. 1115 Post st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison Bt., cor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE, 10C2 Ellis, readings dally,
»:S0 to 4; sear.ces Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION^ $1 $1 $1 $1 T$l
My rpgrular $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAKL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; I tell you whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can
tell yourself: I improve your character so that
you will reach the highest possible develop-
ment in mental vigor, health, happiness and
capacity to earn wealth, so you will live hap-
py and contented the rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p.m.; Sunday. 2 to 8. 32G O'Farrell.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third Bt.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
BC. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
rn. to & p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as, in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; Eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Welle-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future:
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant Bitting; %l BO. 120 Turk et.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
r.araos; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 FrankHn.nr.G.G.ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2CVj Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 6Oc.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
ist; hours S a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlnirs daily. 44SH Jessie St.. bet. Cth and 6th.
CANVASSERS.
SEVERAL good newspaper subscription can-
vassers; must be good men. Apply at once,
THE OAKLAND HERALD. Thirty-eighth st.
aJid San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEAXIXG.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold, is how univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beatlngj
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S&4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices ¦
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.Mlssion 263. '
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART - WEYER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, roomw 0-10: tel. 5580.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14^M7rketTin\ Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $6 per set; extracting. 00c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50u;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
get teeth. $1 60 up; crowna. $2 up; fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowna, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. P63 MlsMon St.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art'g button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYE1.VG AND CLEAMNG. ~
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. £915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. Went 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market.- cor. Oth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. r24 Po«t. 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lilus. catalogue free.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123ti Max-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
sblp. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st,
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
tstructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue. *
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and C»llfornla; both adult and
children'*, classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges ;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor: day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrfclty,24 Post
et.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering-
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln. mech.. sur-
- vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 1864 Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and Gol-
dea Gate aves.. S. F. ; fills every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'B. 424 Pine st....Nl«rht class.
PAIR 3-karat
10 Sixth st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE Con.
CHAMBERMAID, some waiting, about 10
boarders, for Oakland, $25; waitress, San
• Mateo Co., $25; 3 cooks for ranchea, $25;
cook and chambermaid and laundress, coun-
try hotel, $35. $26, fare paid; 05 house girls
• In city and all near-by towns at $20, $25,
$30, $35. Call to-day, J. F. CROSETT St
CO., 334 Sutter «t.
COOK for family hotel In city, »40; cook for
boarding-house, $35; cook, small restaurant,
910 a week; delicatessen cook. $30; cook for
8 boarders, $35; 4 chambermaids, assist wait-
ing, $20, $25; 3 waitresses, $20, $25; restau-
rant waltreea, $S week; cook and second girl,
same house, $35, $25; housework. Vacaville,
$30; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
4 SECOND girls, no heavy sweeping, $25; 2
German nurse girle. $25; maid to lady, hotel,
$30, sleep home; nurse for lady with rheuma
tlsm, $23; 3 nurse girls, $20, $25; maid and
seamstress, $25; 2 parlor maids, $.'*>. Apply
to J. F.» CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter gt.
COOK for 6 miners: $25; no objection to wo-
man with a child. Call to-day. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter et.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wagee.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
EEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
OPERATORS on ladies' and children's wear to
take work home. G56 Mission st.. 3d floor.
WANTED — 3 American girls accustomed to re-
packing merchandise. Box 1274, Call.
GOOD finisher on ccats. 331 Kearny St., room
7. Call after 9.
WANTED— An errand girl. 1111 Van Ness
avenue.
A GIRL wanted for cooking and some house-
work; wages $30. 2112 Vallejo st.
GOOD, steady waitress; union wages; one day
off a week. 29 Fourth st.
WANTED— Errand girl. SOLLEY. 1037 Post
street.
GOOD girl to do light housework; American or
Jewish family; no children. 8 Gough.
A NEAT girl for general housework; assist in;
no washing. 818 Octavla.
DRESSMAKER Improver and apprentice. 347
j Bartlett, between 24th and 25th.
WANTED — First-class talloress on custom
coats. 713 Market St., near 3d; room 203.
WANTED — Pants finishers: union shop; union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO., 27
Geary et.
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleswoman,
one who understands stamping. Apply be-
twecn 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
monto st.
GIRLS wanted; no experience necessary; good
wages. National Laundry. 411 Sanchez et.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. Apply 2S29 Bush Bt.
WANTED — Girls to pack cards. Northeast cor-
ner Eighth and Brannan ets.
WANTED— An errand girl. 1111 Van Ness
ave.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
LUNCH waitress for 515 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing. 1440 O'Farrell st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to B, office 69,
Columbian building. 916 Market at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. 1
HELP WANTED — HALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
00 3d St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA.
200 laborers, Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job. $2 a day. $18 board.
We ship every day — Free fare.
40 section hands; all parts of California.
Eureka, Humboldt Co., fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
10 laborers, $35 and board.
WOODSMEN.
2 spool tenders, $65 and found; 4 barkers, $50
and found; 4 cross-cutters, $50 and found; 2
timber fellers, $C0 and found; 2 water bucks,
$40 and found; 2 lookouts. $10 and found.
17 men to handle lumber, $2 a day; free fare.
BIG SAW MILL SOUTH.
We pay your fare.
6 laborers, saw mill, $40 a month and board.
FARE ADVANCED.
7 men to pitch and stack grain, $1 50 a day
and board.
6 track men, near city, $2 25 a day.
2 lathers, 1 * city, new work, $2 50 per M.
2 shlnirlers, 70c. per M.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO.
8 teamsters, $2 50 a day; 20 laborers. $2 25
a day.
Offlce fee, $1; half fare, $2 80.
7 laborers, city, $2 25 a day, tf hours.
6 laborers, near city, 9 hours. $2 50 a day.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st.
MAN and wife, private family. $45 and found;
farmer and wif«. $55 and found: stableman,
country, $35 and found; 10 fruit pickers. $1 15
a day and board ; ¦ farmers, $1 and $1 25 day
and board; man about place, $35 and found;
choreman, $20 and found ; 2 men for hunting
club. $30 and found; blacksmith. $2 50 day;
blacksmith helper, $2 to J3 day; miners, la-
borers, quarpymen, woodchoppers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st.
BUTLER for private family. $40 to $50; cook
and wife, springs, $00 to $70 and found, see
boss this morning: restaurant baker, $65;
taaker. institution. $40 to $50 and fd: boarding-
house cook, $40 and found; hotel cook, small
springs hotel $40 to $50; checker on silver-
ware. $40; waiter, country hotel. $35; waiter
and night cook, small place, country. $30,
and. others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. «28 Sac-
ramento st. ¦ . ¦ . -
ANDRE'S Offlce. 317 Stockton st. — Vegetable
gardener. X.\Q and found: laborers and team-
sters, private park, $26 and found; 2 cooks,
hotel, city, $40 and $50.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Waiter for helps hall. $25: fry cook. $50; veg-
etable man.' $30; porter. $25; bellboy. $15.
WANTED — Experienced young man to run
electrical elevator. STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107 PcBt St.
WANTED— Experienced porter, clean windows,
etc. preference required: good wages, steady
job. PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
.. $1 60 pair; foot-form Fhoes at $2 50; we pay
express, or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
COATMAKERS wanted; $24 per week; steady
work all through the year. : Apply 27 Geary.
BOY T anted - Apply at E.^H. LEVY (Inc.).
. 513 Market st. - : V
WANTED— For offlce. 11 young man about 16
VM " of •«"•¦ AddIv to box 12BC Call offlce.
EDUCATIONAL-- -Continued.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.tjth.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $.3 mo.
EMPLOYJIENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 136 —
Japanese - Chinese employment offlce; fur-
i nishea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Einp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 4im O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
I-JMI'I.OYMKXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl willing to do wait-
ins and second work where they keep a wo-
man cook; best references; wages. $30. Please
call at 220 Lily ave., between Page and Oak,
near Laguna,
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes situation
in American family; best of references;
wages, $40. Please call at 220 Lily ave.,
between Pane and Oak. near Laguna.
RELIABLE, strong, honest woman wants work
by the day; carpet sweeping and flannel
washing:, specialty; $1 25 day; car fare for
calling. 174 Fourth st., r:om 10, one night.
DRESSMAKER and suitmaker. first-class cut-
ter and fitter; a few more engagements by
the day In private families or i<er week.
MISS BARSS, 1024 Mlaslon st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants housework, sew-
ing, mondins and care of children few hours
daily. Box 4306. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by woman to do chamber
work in boarding or lodging house; $8 or $9
per month. 648 Howard.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to assist
In housework in American family; city or
country; references. Box 4307, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants washing and
Ironing; $1 50 day; good laundress; Richmond
district object. Box 4308. Call oiflce.
GIRL wishes light housework in small family;
18 years old. 2 City Hall pi., between Hyde
and Larkin. off McAllister.
A YOUNG lady from the East would like to do
second work; very neat; sleep home. 014
Guerrero tt .
WANTED— By a competent Eirl, place to do
cooking. 733C Clementina Bt.
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ins and Ironing by the day. Call 1203 Vallejo.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day washing-.
Ironing or housecleaning. Call 412>4 Ash ave.
GEHMAN laundress wishes work by the day,
$1 50 per -day. 1125 Yj Mission Bt., near 7th.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, German, competent to take
charge of private grounds and greenhouses,
wants position; references. Address box 1275,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like position In cigar bland
in the morning only; experienced. Box 4304,
Call offlce.
UNINCUMBEKED, healthy, active, reliable,
honest, refined, elderly widower desires posi-
tion as companion to invalid or others on
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address It. F.,
P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
ALL-ROUND experienced mechanic wants
situation; fine machine work, steel work,
small pattern model or experimental work;
experienced In keeping Intricate machinery
In running order. Address box 1255, Call.
ACTIVE younK man" of I good character and
address seeks position;' prefers place where
there is chance for advancement: good ref-
erences. Box 4303. Call office,
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position (city or
country) as day or night watchman. Box
1752, Call offlce.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation ; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144, Call office,
WANTED — By sober, respectable young man,
steady position as janitor; experienced. Box
1258, Call offlce.
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
In machinery of mines desires position. Ad-
dress Hallhard Hotel, 507 Pine st.
BARTENPER (German) would like position;
city or country; references. Box 12tiS, Call.
A JAPANESE, having SGtne experience on
drawing and painting, wants a situation con-
cerning the kind. Apply to (with letter*
only) K. B., Japanese Mission, 1304 Post st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of'ce. 2200 Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
$15; SUNNY upper flat 4 rooms, gas. 22 Sum-
ner St., off Howard, near Eighth.
$7— FLAT; large yard. 726% Harrison st, be-
tween Third and Fourth.
CASTRO, 044 — Elegant, modern, sunny middle
flat; tt r., bath; basement; yard; nr. 19th; (24.
TO lei— Flat of four rooms: 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER t. LENT. 14 Post st.
UPPER and lower flat, 3943-3047 Seventeenth
et.. half block from Market et.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st.
2 ELEGANT new flats. C and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
FLATS FOR SALB.
A BARGAIN— $ 1250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 20x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. BBS
OWNER Or; PREMISE8./'
~ FLATS WANTED. ~~~
WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms; vicinity of Van Ness,
Golden Oate and Market st: adults. Address.
stating price, box 41S9. Call offlce.
FURMTUKE WANTED.
A, WOLLPERT 773 Mission phone Red 4402.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.: tel. Larkin 3G31. 634 Ellis.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AtTc7r.^HA^S^N^Tc^/S?Trp7ioTne^»nTTS5!
UOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Hotel housekeeper, first-class hotel, country,
party *iert 8 a. m. to-day *......'. .$50
Man and wife, chef and second, country no-
te!, free fare $115
2 waitresses, came commercial hotel, faie
paid ..$25
Head waitress, country hotel, fare paid.. .$30
2 dishwashers, country hotels ...$25
•Dinner waitress, city hotel $12
Waitrr-sses, chambermaids to wait, city and
country $25
Cooks, dishwashers, helpers ..$25-$J5
Cock, small restaurant, , mining town, fare
paid : $30
Labeler $1 day
Waitress, mining town, fare paid ,$2o
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
House girl, San Rafael, $20: house girl, city,
S-ii; wiman with a child, housework, coun-
try, party here, $15; cooks, house girls, sec-
ond girls, nurse girls, others, city and coun-
try.
C.-n. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush si
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgoir.ery.^n. 12.
Head waitress, $4O, country hotel Sjjiiook-
keeper and typewriter, $40 ami found.
A— WANTED— Girls t<> learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. ; 1236 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call, t
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season:
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as. trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per, week up;
day and evening: class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
WANTED — Girls to label mush packages at
Capitol Mills. 114 Sacramento st. Apply be-
tween 11 aod 12 to-day. %
WANTED — A younR girl for light cooking and
a little hjusework; small family; wages $25.
¦'Call between 0 and 2 at 1705 Broderlck stl \
WANTED — Two tlrst-claea collar rubbers at
Oakiand V.'hite- Star Laundry, corner Twen- >
tleth and Broadway; good wages. ;
APPRENTICES for glove trade: wages from
start. Carson Glove Co.. l'Zi Second ¦ e.t..
HORSES ANP WACOXS.
40 FRESH milch cow» Just from the country:
must be sold to-day; 5-0 to $40 each. SAM
AFTERGUT. Mission road, near Seven-Mil*
House and county line.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold aC
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-47 Market St.. San Francisco.
ONE fine surrey. 4 buggies. 1 pony and 2 pony
carta for sale. 1S04 Fo'som st. --
f OOOO nor— *» fnr p*1* ehraa. 33T Sixth <t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and yocart for Bale cheap. B32 Mission st.
UOCSES TO LET. ¦¦'*.¦:
» PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO..1-* Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense l!»t;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ox. 24S-23& Geary
it., on the square.
BROADWAY, 1516. near Van Ness — 8- roomed
sunny house: stable: large yard.
VAN NESS ave., 2106. near Pacific ave —
Modern house. 10 rooms; rent J70.
$37 50— MODERN house, eight large, sunny
rooms, bath. 1720 Baker st., nr. California.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET— BTJR?IISHEI>.
OAK. 419— Elegantly furnished house; 10 room*
and 2 baths: large garden: grand t!»w.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
IN Colma; 3- room house; large lot: to let: X
block from station; plenty of water; saeda,
basement. Inquire 144 Clara at., upstair*.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Tuesday, September 15. between S
and 10 a. ra.. a diamond hair pin In tha
shape of the figure eight. Return to Van-
dersllce & Co., 130 Sutter st. Finder re-
warded.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, on Twenty-second
st. ; No. 3573 Twenty-second st. ; reward.
LOST — A small oxidized silver watch and pia
with Initial* "M. S. J." on back and "Tif-
fany & Co." on face. Finder will be re-
warded on bringing It to MIS3 JOLLIFFE.
the Plymouth, cor. Bush and Jones sts.
LOST — Sunday evening-, from Derster Princej
Stables. 15C9 Grove st.. liver colored pointer
dog; had San Francisco and Oakland li-
censes on collar. Return above address and
receive suitable reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon at Sutro Baths or
Sutro cars, pair diamond Bcrew earrings
wrapped In paper; valued aa keepsake; suit-
able reward. 123 California St.. room 419.
LOST — September 1, bulldog; color brlndle.
white chest and feet, ears and tail cut; collar
and license; answers to name "Major" or
"Kid": $5 reward. 1310 Baker, near Oeary.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th* California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and ullver to make new watch cases.
LOFTS TO LET.
1.UKT to lease — «S3tl Mission St.. NW. eoraer
of Annie; light loft of 4O0O square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will leaae
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAXNWALD.
BUCKBEB A CO.. S1S-220 Montgomery »L.
Mill* building.
MEDICAL. •
MR3. DR. WTETH, sDeclallst for all fern*:*
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; Mi
years.' experience; removed to 82tt Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f*.
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant r«-
lief guaranteed. lOCS^ Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL — All wbo ara sick or
In trouble consult this specialist oa f«ma.»
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult case* treat-
ed; advice free. Of Bee. 1019 Market ".X.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. r«::-;-
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 23 yrs. ei^er.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ills Market— Reliable ladle*-'
specialist; a private home befora an4 during
confinement: best medical care: iow tee*.
DR. ROSEN moved to 20«3 Folsom st. cor.
26th; relief S10: ladieV exclusive offlc-.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO H fc --ttfi*]
original method or treatment. 112fi Market »;.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 319 Powell »t.. oppo«jt«
Union square: all dlseasr* rur»rt bv h-»rb«.
MILLI.MUHY.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my mill!rcry
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported an<l
New York hats. MME. DOSCH, 207 Post st.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors. 221 Geary
MISCELLANEOUS FOlt saLB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; in rolls eas7 to lay;
seeds nx> painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shineips; best for t>ew roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought, sold v
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale it.
A— Fine suits. $7 60; dress pants, t-i 30. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothln* Parlors. 233 Kcarsy st
near Bush: open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon!',
A— 53 50 DEP.BY and fedor* hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water plfce. shaftln*. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 255-233 Spear at.
TRY our men's shoes at SI and (1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog, free.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance foe
J5?« r if ht - man - -Addrew N. A. LARSEN,
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH A; tv-QLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
SAFE— Price $50. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. 805 Kearny st.
A FINE 4% -carat perfect whit* diamond at 4
bargain. 10 Sixth st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE K2R-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 6-mlnuta tepeatin*
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth st.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at » bargain.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. sal#. rental -
bargain*. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
OENE RILEY & SON3. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 100
Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs. hammock*
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,71^ Mission.
Edison phonographs, records. supp:ies,|mov|n< .
picture machines, films. Baclgalup*. &3 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ar.tt launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typ«wr!ters-. e.11
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bousht. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 074t. or postal!
TILTON wants irood secend-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIO price paid for sealskins; s»i:d postal.
25 Stooktsn St.; phon» Bmh 4S-1.
MO.YBY TO LO.V.'«.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY, ~~
.,, 601-CC2-6OJ Examiner bulldlcf.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly
Estates. ff«cond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in truit.
etc.; legacies life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MLT.PHT.
ADVANCES on furniture and planes without
removal; to salaried people on tneir n^te
without security or knowledge of rtr.ployet:
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute nrivacy; special rates to rumlelpai
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. CS-Gd Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamond.* Jewelry, ax
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S»»i
Market «t. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: «asy payments; lareest business ir»
46 principal cities. Tolrr-an. 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1(M Crant ar*
LOANS FROM %l TO HO.QQo *
S. F. DISCOUNT ACOCT-Loan, to salaried
THE TOTTSLEY CO.. .^43 totfi^S?*
ON furniture, piano; no removal E W T trv'
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bids,, 70S Mwkl^400 Alpha Con..-* 10 125O Exchequer .. 12
COO Belcher 32 100 Ophir .......1 SO
100 Caledonia ... »« 25O Potosl 23
• 300 Chollar 27 500 Potosl 28
200 Con C & V.I 57tt 300 Savage 27
200 Con C & V...1 65 200 Sierra N <»
1000 Con Imp .... 03 500 Union Con .. 60
BOO Crown Pt.... 15 300 Utah IS
COO Crown Pt.... 16 COO Yellow J.... 08
1000 Exchequer .. 15
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher "0 100 Mexican ....1 OS
200 Caledonia ... 02! ICO Ophir 1 77V£
200 C C & V....1 551 00O Overman .... 25
«0O Con NY 19 2CO Savage 26
30O Crown Pt.... 13 5OO Savage 25
2OO Crown Pt.... 14 200 Stiver Kill... 72
."too Gould * C... -!> 600 Union Con... 82
r.6o Hale &¦ N 53 300 Yellow J.... 63
500 Kentuck .... tti!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Th© following were the sales on the Saa
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes-
Mornlng Session.
2500 Esperanza ... 021 200 T 4 Cal 23
200 Mon Tono 85 400 Ton N Star.. 48
100 Rescue 10 1 300 Ton N Star.. 47
Afternoon • Session.
300O Esper (b3O).. OCSJ 30O Ton Mid 43
100 Gyp Quscn... 2«, COO Ton N Star.. 47
400 McNamara .. 1« 200 Ton N gtar.. 43
100 Mon Ton 95 500 T X S (b30). 43
100 Ton Bel 1 «0 10O AY * M 73
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Sept. 13 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 00 Julia C2 OT.
Alia 05 W Justice ©* 10
Andes 18 IS Kentuck .... 02 «J
Belcher 28 30 Mexican 105 110
Best & Belch. 1 75 1 901 Occidental ... 33 37
Bullion O* «<Ophlr 1 75 1 *O
Caledonia 91 80 Overman 24 26
Challenge Con 35 36' Potosl 24 25
Chollar 23 24'Savaice 25 2G
Confidence ... 80 30] Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & V.I 50 1 «OjSeg B*lcher... 11 12
Con Imperial. 04 05; Si»rra Nct... «4 «:.
Con New York 19 »)i Silver Hill 72 73
Crown Point. 14 15 St Louts 16 1J»
Eureka Con.. 40 50|Syndicate .... — Or,
Exchequer... 12 13, Union Con.... Ki 63
Oould & Curry 28 2f»' Utah 17 Ift
Halo * Norc. 83 55|YeIlow Jacket. 13 55
Lady Wash.... 04 061
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 23 Pine Grove... — 54
Esperanza ... 02 tti Rescue 09 10
Gipsy Queen. — 2S T Bclraont. ...1 25 1 70
Gold Mount.. — io; Ton A Cal 23 —
i Hannapah ... — '15 Ton A O W.. — OS
Lucky Tom... — OTiTon'N Star.. 45 -ill
MacNamara . 13 17,Ton Midway. .. 40. -¦'«•-
Mlzp&h Exten 35 Srti Jon St S Lake — 4ft
Mont Ton.... 90 1 OOJ United TOO.. — IS
Paymaster ..13 !¦*•
Ex-Convict in the Toils.
OAKLAND, Sept 15.— John Lavln. an
ex-convict who has spent many years of
his life behind prison bars, was arrested
at Haywards last night for robbing the
room of a man by the name of Madison,
at Alsing's saloon. The stolen articles
were found when he was searched.
Runaway Boys Caught.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Ernest Robinson
and Christopher Elsus, runaway boys
from San Francisco, were arrested at
Eighth street and Broadway to-night and
taken to the City Prison, preparatory to
being returned to their homos.
Allows Expert's Fee.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The City Council
has finally passed an ordinance allowing
Desmond Fitzgerald, the hydraulic en
gineer and expert, $1000 for his report on
the Contra Costa Water Company's plant
valuation.' ' '
Call for New Rector.
OAKLa^D, Sept. 15.-=The vestry of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church has extended a
call to the Rev. Charles Thomas "Walk
ley, assistant rector of Grace Church,
New York, to the vacant rectorship of the
Oakland church. ¦
- The Spanish Government has r«vived the
regulation requiring all t orelgners resi
dent in or visiting Spain to register their
names at their consulates.
OAKLAND, Sept 13.— Frank L. Ash. a
Southern Pacific fireman, had his left foot
badly crushed to-night by being caught
in a drawhead of, an engine at the West
Oakland railroad yards. The Injury was
treated at the Receiving Hospital. Ash
is 22 years of age and resides at 1721
Berkeley way, Berkeley.
Fireman's Foot Crashed.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Amos Park, a
fanner living: three miles east of Liver
more, was found dead in bed by his wife
last night. The < deceased was working
during the day and when his wife re
turned at nierht she found him dead. He
was thirty-nine years of age and death
was apparently due to natural causes.
Found Dead in Bed.
The following were the sales on the Paeiflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 17: 100 Gould * C... 2S
600 Bullion 0." 200 Kale & N.... 53
100 Caledonia ... 91; 500 Julia 03
20O Challenge Con S3; 100 Mexican 1 10
200 Con Cal & V.I 55 2P0 Union Con... 64
100 Con N Y 19 j 200 Utah 17
30O Gould & C... 29> 2OO Yellow J 53
200 Andes 18, 200 Mexican 1 OS
10O Caledonia ... 961 100 Overman .... 28
10O Challenge Con 36 20O Savage ...... 2»
300 Chollar 2G| 100 Sierra N..... t»
2C0 Con Cal & VI 60 10O Union Con... 69
600 Con N T 21 100 Union Con... 68
lf'CO Exchequer ... t« 300 Yellow J 66
200 H & N Mi
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
110O OH City Petroleum fb 3) 30
200 Oil City Petroleum 30
Street —
200 Kern Oil <s 90) 5 00
2OUO Superior Oil Ott
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Monarch Oil 53
loco Esperanza 1 25
200 Mcnte Cristo Oil 75
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
M. Batelli of Geneva, by combining mas
sage with electrization, has revived dead
dogs and kept them alive for as much as
twenty-four hours.
The new concern has selected as Its
point of shipment Los Medanos, the
Hooper Company's property In Mendocino
County, covering 100 acres and contiguous
to both the Southern Pacific Company
and the Santa Fe lines as projected into
the redwood country. The site has 2C00
feet of deep water frontage. •
Here will be assembled many millions
of feet of redwood, a stock sufficient to
meet all demands, and here will the lum
ber be handled for shipping as the orders
are given.
The projectors of this Important move
in the lumber field look upon it as the
solution for the hitherto unsettled con
dition of the trade touching the constant
calls from the East for redwood that
could not be satisfactorily met because.
It is explained, no individual pro
ducer had the necessary supply to meet
the demands of Eastern consumers.
Plans of the new company contemplate
the establishment of the headquarters at
Los Medanos at once, that progress may
be rapid toward the accumulation of
stocks. As rapidly as the mills produca
the yards will be furnished, and it is
expected that long before the new rail
road lines into the lumber region of Men
docino and Humboldt counties shall have
been completed the new supply com
pany will be ready for extensive opera
tions. From the lumber men's point of
View this organization is considered one
of the best projects of the day. They
have been watching the growing interest
of the East In redwood with no little
interest and concern, realizing that the
ability to handle the business was. to
say the least, extremely confined. For
some time the plans for the combination
that culminated yesterday have been
under serious discussion, and those
concerned are more than satisfied wltn
the ituation. By uniting their Interests,
their combined efTorts. they are satis
fied, will give the trade a tremendous im
petus abroad.
An organiration of redwood lumber
merchants and manufacturers of Califor
nia, representing millions of capital and
composed of the heaviest mill and ship
ping corporations in the lumber trade,
was'perfected yesterday at the headquar
ters of the Mendocino Lumber Company.
40 California street, for the purpose of
handling for the Eastern market the
enormous demand for redwood lumber
that is coming from that portion of the
United States landward of California, the
home «f the famous sequoia and semper
virens. S>>VvE
At this meeting yesterday organization
of a company with a capital of $1,000,000
was effected, in which all of the stock
has been subscribed by eight or ten of
the largest producers of redwood lumber
In the State. Among those corporations
that have entered into the new concern
for the purpose of facilitating the East
ern trade are the Hammond Lumber
Company, the Pacific Lumber Company,
the Union Lumber Company, the Charles
Nelson Lumber Company and the C. A.
Hooper Lumber Company.
The Mendelssohn overture to the "Mid
summer Night's Dream," gracefully ren
dered, felicitously opened the. programme.
A notable delicacy was achieved in the
handling of the gossamer beauties that
abound in the overture. Mr. Scheel . was
quite Italian in his enthusiasm in the
"William Tell" overture that closed the
afternoon in a highly spirited fashion.
But the chief applause of the day was
reserved for the Grosso Concerto of Han
del, that Mr. Scheel graciously repeated
from the last concert. It was doubly
charming on its second seasonable hear
ing and roused a quite unsymphonic sort
of noise among the again fine audience.
Next week the fifth symphony of that
"very good little man. Papa Haydn" — as
Mr. Scheel calls him— will be given, with
the Beethoven "Coriolanus" overture, and
as chief novelty a "Serenade" by Rich
ard Strauss, for two flutes, two oboes,
two clarionets, four horns, two bassoons
and one contra bass.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Another feature of prominent interest
on the programme was the "Parsifal*
excerpt, "The Bells and March of the
Knights of the Holy Grail." Its fascinat
ing phrase is the last thing that stays in
the ear, and found such welcome yester
day that it had to be repeated. The
movement has all the wealth of orchestral
color, the dramatic value, that one has
come to associate^ with "Wagner's name,
and its appearance at this stage of the
"Parsifal" controversy was peculiarly
apropos.
Fritz Scheel with a Brahms symphony
before him is Fritz Scheel his most.
Yesterday afternoon's symphony concert
so showed him and also found his men In
their ever finer fettle.
Giving Brahms symphonies is not the
easily graceful task of lilting: a "New
World" symphony, nor of echoing the fa
miliar majesty of an "Eroica." He who
preaches here the gospel of Brahms Is
still as a voice crying In the wilderness.
Nor are we in worse case than was Phil
adelphia ! before the conductor so lately
undertook its conversion to the Brahms
creed. There he haa hammered in the
doctrine in the face of opposition and in
difference until the place is now known
as the stronghold of the faith in America,
with Scheel as its defender. Nor would
it have been Scheel had he neglected to
preach the gospel of the greatest modern
symphonist while he was here. All of the
four symphonies were given by the con
ductor during his sojourn among us, and
yesterday afternoon's was only another
pioneer effort at our proselyting.
The hardly more than courteous ap
plause that greeted the particular sym
phony of yesterday (D major) shows thai
there is still much proselyting in tITe
Brahms cause to be done. The local ap
preciation of the composer Is surely juster
and more generous than when Mr. Scheel
was here last, but it is still far from the
Philadelphian standard. Can't be other
wise with Brahms almost a dead letter
orchestrally here, and the symphony or
chestra itself usually almost deader. But
these concerts give one again the ready
hope, evoked first by Maestro Mascagni
last spring. That the local material can
do what Mr. Scheel made it do with
Brahms yesterday and the local audience
give such deeply respectful, even, if not
yet affectionate attention to the com
poser, is surely ground for modest confi
dence in our future. For it needs brains
as well as heart to get at Brahms, and
you begin with the brains. To Scheel,
who has thus preferred to add to the
gray ions under our cranlums, instead of
luring the easy hand by tickling an ac
cvfstomed, ear, much gratitude should be
going.
And, oh, the harmonic wealth, melodic
grace, fertile fancy that Brahms has here
for us in the D major symphony! His
thematic fecundity reminds of Beethoven,
his fluent polyphony of Bach. Of these,
his true artistic ancestry, he has inherited
the noblest 'traits, and to them added a
lofty charm all his own. It is pure music,
offspring of a spirit that never descended
to compromise with the day's cheap
nesses, that never for a moment consent
ed to lower its exalted standard. Austere
of approach it become sweetly genial on
acquaintance, but everywhere of superb
dignity and Individuality.
The first movement of the D major lets
one right into the heart of the Brahms
realm. And well, Indeed, Mr. Scheel led
his men over its rhythmic hurdles and
thematic jungles, its massive movement
swinging Instantly into the right ele
phantine stride. The adagio was also
nobly done, its fine countours cleanly
drawn, its varied tints most sympatheti
cally felt. There was youth and delight
ful gayety in the handling of the charm-
Ing "grazloso," and the finale, with its
insistent, chiming phrase, varied with su
perb skill, went also to the tune of com
plete triumph for the conductor.
Superb Programme Rendered
Before Fashionable
Audience.
Many Prominent Millmen and
Merchants Will Back
New Project.
Organize for Purpose of
Handling State's
Output.
Brahms Symphony Is
Given With Artistic
Feeling.
SCHEEL PLEASES
MUSIC LOVERS
LUMBER DEALERS
FORM A COMBINE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1903.
13
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE— CITY.
SPECK & Co7c07 Market st.. opp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
BATTERY-ST. INVESTMENT.
$lti5.0C0— Battery st., one block from Market:
100 feet frontage; wa.nt offer; a rare,
buy.
DOWN TOWN* BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$140,000— Half block from Market and Mason
sts. ; snodern cix-story brick and Iron
building; store. 100 rooms and bath;
reni'5s<JO; leased with cash security;
lot ."oxl.'iO
SUTTER STREET.
$75.000— CS: 9x137 :ti; opposite Hotel Pleasan-
ton; magnificent site for hotel, apart-
ment-house or office building; Sutter
st. property close by has recently sold
at $1300 per front foot: make offer.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$53,000 — Very best corner; S7:6 frontage; fine
building, stores and lodging-house; al-
ways rented.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — Annual rents $5172: beautiful mod-
ern building; lot 87xS5; pays over 10
per cent: rents $431
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000—137:0x137:0; substantial improve-
ments; ensured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 6% per cent can remain;
pays S per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER
$48.000— m blocks from Market St.: 47 feet
front: cheapest downtown corner to.be
had near Market st. ; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20.000 — Polk Bt. ; stores and lodging-house;
lot 30x100 feet; rents $155; no better
buy for the money.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$19,000— Store and flats; new building; lot
27:6x100; rents $164.
$18,600— Vldnlty Halght and Scott sts.; 6S:9
xl37:6; fine improvements; rents $140
a month
GOLDEN* 'GATE PARK— FLATS.
$18,000 — Lot 50x137:6; fine substantial flats;
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $180;
can be increased.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location: 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms; lot 39x137:6 feet.
$16,500 — Yearly rents $1770; 3 modern flats; '
Post st. ; 2 frontaKes.
CORNER FLATS.
$15.500— Rents $180; Western Addition cor-
ner, near Market St.; new flats.
FILLMORE-ST. CORNER. »
! $15,000 — Corner Fillmore and Lombard sts.;
; 137:<ixl20 feet; 3 frontages; want offer;
Lombard st. bituminized from Van
Ness ave. to Presidio.
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12,500— Unimproved; SE. corner Pine and
AVebster; 62:(ixlOO feet.
• $7,000— Three good flats in Mission; rent $C5
a month.
S0.5CO — Three fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $38 a month; lot
25x125.
$5.250— Fifth and Clementina; fine front and
rear improvements; leased two years
at $000 a year.
$5.000 — Four good flats In Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$5,500 — Washington st.. near Spruce; 50x
127:8V4; worth $9000; want offer
$2,650— New cottage in Mission; 0 room's and
bath; fine lot.
$1.400— Corner lot. near Golden Gate Park;
667 Market "st.
MARKET tind Dolores— 75xS0 feet, unlm-
proved. See owner's sign on premises.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
.train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
ALAMEDA — For rent, furnished ccttage, 5
rooms, bath, large garden; one block from
station; rent $35. 1530 St. Charles St., Ala-
meda. or 22 Montgomery St.. San P'rancisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH and $50 a month buys new. colonial
house; fine marine view; central and con-
venient; dining-room paneled in curly red-
wood; open and nickel plumbing; lot 50x
145; surrounded by magnificent homes;
owner prefers to sell on terms rather than
rent; $50 a month refused as rent for this
house; a rare opportunity to buy a mag-
nificent home same as paying rent; abso-
lutely as represented and price $1000 less
than cost to duplicate.
GEORGE AV. AUSTIN or J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMTUKE FOR SALES.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Sohellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEKPl.NO.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BUSH, 2133 — 2 sunny rooms and small kitch-
en; running water, gas range.
CHESTERFIELD. Bush. bet. Stockton. Powell
— Mod. apartments; nearly com.; call 1 to 4.
ELEA'ENTH, 100 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
FIFTH. 353—3 housekeeping. 2 beds, $20; 3,
$13 50: 2, $13 50; also single. $G up.
FIFTH, 438 — Single rooms, $1 per week; bouse- ,
keeping, $1 50 up.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nlsbed. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 1003 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur. bay-wind, rms.; elec. lights; others.
OAK. 117— Nicely furnished suite; gas range,
hot bath, laundry; $9; adults. . ,
j ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Furnlsh-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
ras range; all complete for housekeeping: ,
tl» OP.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model; housekeeping; front;
new furnished; $5-$12; phone, gas, bath, sunny. !
THE Glllesple. 119 Ninth st. — Nicely furnished
rooms, $150 to $3 per week; phone; quiet. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia «t. ' *_
HOTELS AND BOARDING-HOUSES.
THE PRINCETON
(Eurooean Plan).
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel In the city which is operated
on the European plan; located at No. 710
Jones St.. between Sutter and Post sts., and
reached by 8 street car lines; rooms mostly
arranged en suite, with bath, electric lights,
steam heat, long distance telephone tn every
suite; billiard and smoking rooms and a mag- >
nlficent grillroom. Rates are very reasonable.
.TO LET.- -
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine St.,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
ItOOSIS TO LET — Fnrn. and tnfurn.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room In privata* residence, four block*
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $1B; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1700,
Call office .
A— BRUNSWICK House. U8 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5, per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1. $160 night;
II 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BURNETT. 1428 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
| nlshed moms, auliea. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Maaoa — Elegantly
'.furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 890— Beautifully furnished apartments
in elegant flat; also single rooms.
FOLSOM, 004 H— 2 large sunny furnished
rooms. $0 and $7; private family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mlsslcn — Rooms 5Oc
to $1 CO night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL ORAYSTONE i
66 Geary st. ; phone Bush fiSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly '
¦ farnlahed suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 819 — 2 sunny front I rooms, en suite or
single; reasonable to right parties.
JESSIE, 363. near U. 8. Mint— Furnished room,
$5; large one, 2 beds, $10.
JONES. 919 — Comfortable sunny .room;" bath;
reasonable: central ; private family. '
LASKIE. 27. opp. Mission, between Eighth and
Ninth — 3 furnished, sunny housekeeping
I rooms: rant r.tu>aA ¦ ¦
CTFriends and acqusfThtances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 17, 1903, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment I. O. O. F. Cem*-
terV.
MILLER— In this city, September 14, 1903.
Ralph William, dearly beloved son of Wil-
liam and Katie Miller, a native of San
Franctfico. aged< 6 months.
EyFrlenJs are notified that the funeral
takes place to-day (Wednesday), at 10
o'clock, from his parents' residence, 75 Zoe
etreet, between Bryant and Brannan. Third
and Fourth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
NORVALL — In this city. September 13. l»03,
Edward Norv&ll, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Norvall. and beloved father of John
and AVnilam Norvall. Mrs. C. F. Kerr, Mrs.
Albert Payne, Mrs. William McCarthy and
Charles, George, Violet and Laura Norvali,
a native of New York, aged 82 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9. o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thenca to— St. Mary's Cathedral,
corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
- Cross Cemetery.
REICHSRATH — In San Leandro, September
14, 1903, Louis F., beloved son of Mary and
the late Peter Reichsrath, and brother of
Henry and Pauline Reichsrath and Mrs. AV.
P. Hicks, a native of San Leandro, aged 32
• years and 6 days.
tTTrltiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. September 17. 1903, at 2 o'clock,
at Ms late residence, San Lorenzo avenue.
Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
ROMER— In this city, September 15, 1903,
Marlnus Romer, dearly beloved husband oZ
Gertie Romer, father of Elwood Romer. son
of Martin Homer, and brother of Alfred and
Walter Romer, a native of Denmark, aged
32 years 11 months and 12 days.
TO the officers and members of Helga No. 3,
"Danla — You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our -fate member, 'Marlnus Romer.
Thursday, at 1:30 o'clock, from 228 McAllis-
ter street. By order of the President.
ROSSI— In this city, September 14, 1903, An-
tonio Rossi, beloved husband of Maria Rossi,
and father of Giovanni and Clotllde Rossi,
a native of Nasclo, Genova, Italy, aged 34
years 9 months and 24 days.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
September 17, 190.1, at 1:30 o'clock, from his
late residence, 17 Cayuga avenue, near Onan-
dago avenue. N. B. — There will be cele-
brated the same day at Corpus Christ!
Church (Italian), Croke avenue, a solemn
requiem high mass for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
SANDEFUR— In this city, September 15, 1303.
Robert Sanderur, beloved father of Fred-
erick L. Sandefur, and brother of Mrs. H.
L. Fox, a native of Wisconsin, aged 79 years
3 months and 6 days. (Red Blurt papers
please copy.)
SCHWARTZ — In this city, September 14, 1903.
IBidor, dearly beloved husband of Nettle
Schwartz, and dearly beloved father of Flor-
ence aii'J Pearl Schwartz, a native of Kem-
pen, Germany, aged 51 years 7 months and
14 days.
Ityrhe funeral services will take place at
9 :30 o clock Thursday, September 17, at the
family residence, southeast corner of Bu-
chanan and Clay streets. Interment private.
SELNA— In this city, September 15, 1003,
Louise Rose, dearly beloved daughter of
Henry A.- and Rosie Selna, and beloved sis-
ter of Trinidad, Irene. Henry • and ' Arthur
Selna. ' a native of San " Francisco, ased 11
months and 10 days.
8HEEHT— In Watsonville, Cal.. September 14,
1903, Mary, beloved wife of Timothy Sheehy,
and sister of the late Patrick and Lawrence
Cunningham, a native of Carrickmacroas.
County Monaxhan, Ireland.
C?The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday). Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by 11 o'clock train from Third and
Tqwnsend streets.
SJOGREN— In this city, September 15, 1903,
Olaf Sjogren, beloved father of Mrs. Johi.
Wilson, Mrs. John Anderson and Oscar Sjo-
gren of Gardner, Or., a native of Sweden,
aged CO years.
{U~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. :
VAN FRANK— In this city, September 15.
1903, Lucy August, . dearly beloved wife of
K. M. Van Frank, mother of Russell Hen-
' nlng Van Frank, daughter,, of Matilda Hen-
ning, and sister of Mrs. Charles Castor, Mr&.
Thomas Mirk and Lillian. Bruno and Walter
Henning, a native of Calllfornla, aged 29
years 7 months and 16 days.
(CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence, 301
Missouri street, corner of. Eighteenth. In-
terment private.
WOODS-^In Mill Valley, September 14, 1903,
Lula Emma, beloved wife of - James H.
"Woods of Butte, Mont., and sister of Martha
Woods and Mrs. Grace Lo wry, a native of
Sail Francisco, aged 33 years 5 months and
22 days. (Butte. Mont., papers pleass copy.)
ET'Friepds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodore. Dlerks, 057 Mis-
sion street.- between Fifth and Sixth- In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
EXFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlced to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednerday), September lti, at 1:30 o'clock,
from the residence of her parents, 224 Utah
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Inlevment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERRISON— In this city, September 15, 1U03,
Ann Kerrison, beloved daughter of the late
James and Mary Getchell, sister of Ferd.
Getchell, and aunt of Mrs. F. J. Emersen,
a native of Maine, aged 40 years.
CC^Notlce of fi\neral hereafter. Remains
' at the narlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue.
LARSEN— In this city, September 16, 1903,
Marie Larsen, dearly beloved mother of
Paul, Lena. Alma and Theresa Larsen, and
sister of Mrs. J. Frandsen. a native of Den-
mark, aged 05 years 4 months and IS days.
METZGER — In the City and County Hospital,
September 14, 1903, Conrad Metzger, a native
of New York, aged 66 years.
MILLF.R— In this city, September 12, 1903,
Frank, beloved son of Louisa C. Miller, and
brother of J. A., J. L. and Louisa C. Miller
and Mrs. H. C. Fox, a native of New York,
aged 53 years and !• months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence. 574 Sixth street, thence to St.
Rcse'8 Church, where a Eolemn requiem,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
s=oui, commencing at 9 o'clock. Intermtnt
Holy-Crcsj Cemetery.
GARIBALDI— In this city, September 14, 1903,
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of Stephen J.
Garibaldi, and mother of Gertrude and
Stephen V. N. Garibaldi, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years.
KT^rrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
AVednesday, September 16, at 1 o"clock,
from her late residence, 1515^ Powell
etreet, between Green and Vallejo. Inter-
ment . Holy Cross Cemetery.
JUZIX — In this city. September 15. 1003. Leo-
pold Juzix, beloved brother of Vallery, Henry
and Louis Juzix, Mrs. G. Gress and Mrs.
Conney, a native of San Francisco.
KAHER— In this city, September 14, 1003,
Mary C, beloved wife of Patrick M. Kaher.
and mother of Ignatiun nuci the late Daniel
and Olinda Kaher, and daughter of Joseph
and Olinda Davis, and sister of Mrs. F.
Fischer and Joseph, Belle, Antonla
and the late Julia. Mary, Mathilda and
Guadalupe Davis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ag?d 25 years 6 months and 8 days.
A member .~r San Francisco Council No. S,
A. N. P. P. E. C.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to Holy Cross Church.
Eddy and Scott streets, .whe'ire a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crosr Cemetery-
DORAN— In this city, September 13. . 11)03,
Margaret, beloved wife of Maurice Doran,
loving mother of Joseph, AVlllle and Frank
Doran. and sister of Mary and Patrick
Uniack, a native of County Galway, Ire-
. land.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy and Scott
streets, where a requiem high mass will be-
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9 :5O
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENOS— In this city. . September 14. 1903, Mary.
Infant daughter of Joseph and Mary Enos,
and sister of Rosa and the late Joseph Enos,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3
months and IS days.
GALLAGHER — In thia city, September 15,
1903, Catherine, beloved wife of Thomas
Gallagher, mother of Thomas, Daniel,
George. Ellen and Catherine Gallagher, and
sister of Mrs. D. Kelly. Mrs. M. O'Leary,
Mrs. M. Gainey, Daniel Honan and Nora
Honan, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 40 years. (Portland, Me., papers please,
copy.)
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
i 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral Directors and Embalmers —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, -'
" Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. v South 167. .
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Finest Eaulcmtnts at Moderate Rates.
TtT^I. ESTATE CITY FOR SALC j
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St. I
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
* AUCTION t
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom Mon-
day. September 21, at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The following three properties muet be sold
to close the above estate, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
(1)
1S31-3 Ellis St.. bet. Pierce and Scott sts.;
improvements consist of 2 frame dwellings, 8
rooms and bath each; rents $C5 per month; lots
SOxTS.
<2)
!S2fl ElliF St.. bet. Pierce and Scott: substan-
tial improvements consist of 3-story frame
dw«lling of 12 rooms and bath; rent $45 per
month; lot 20x75.
Randall st., north line, bet. Dame and Whit-
ney; desirable bulldinK lot, 25x125.
CHOICE EDDY-ST. HOLDINGS.
07R Eddy st.. north line. bet. Franklin and
Cough; good, substantial 3-story frame dwell-
ing containing 12 rooms and bath; splendid
holding to remodel for fiats or apartment house;
lot oTill'O with 2 frontages.
JACKSON-ST. LOTS.
Jackson st.. north side. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; 5 very desirable bulMirg lots, suitable for
residences or 'flats; rents are proportionately j
higher in this section than In any other portion i
of the city: lots 27:Cxl.'{7:6 each.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Mission St.. west line. bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth; 2 choice building lots, in splendid j
buslncFS location: 2T>xS0 each.
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
2427 Green et.. bet. Pierce and Scott; elegant
modern residence. 10 rooms and bath, In per-
fect order: rent $50 per month; this dwelling Is
located in a very choice residence section; lot
27x127:8^4.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner Thirteenth nn<1 Isls sts., bet.
Folsom and Harrison: improvements consist of ;
1 6tore and 3 rooms, flat of 5 rooms and bath
• ami 2 dwellings of C rooms and bath each; all
' in perfect order and steadily rented for $80 50
per mrnth: lot 5OxS0.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENTS.
<1)
W)l Harrison St., southwest corner First;
Improvements consisting of 5 flats, 8-6-5 rooms
and bath each; rents ?119 per month; lot 43x
10 °- (2>
410 to 416 First Ft., near Harrison; improve-
ments consist of 4 flats 5 rooms each; rents $S0
per month: lot 715x7:1.
CHOICE MISSftJN FLATS.
37."5-7 Seventeenth Et.. bet. Church and San-
chez; improvements consist of 2 bay-window
flats 5-<» rooms and bath each; rents $47 SO per
month: lot 25x100.
KRYANT-ST. CORNER INVESTMENT.
321 Bryant st.. southwest corner Ellery, bet.
First and Second; new, modern building con-
taining 10 fiats of 4-5 rooms and bath each;
rents $0. r > per month: lot £5x80.
CHOICE NOE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Noe St.. east line. bet. Fifteenth and Market;
4 desirable building lots. 2T>xl46. irregular.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G- H. UMBSEN & CO.,
• 20 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
¦
$.%00 to 51200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$G0 to $250 — Near ocean and park— $5 monthly. '
Ocean«ide branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000 — New lots in Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, ?10 monthly.
Sunset branch offi- < en 9tli avs., near H st.
$150 to $200— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlssion-st. electric cars— $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains'.
% Easy terms!
SOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
THE CHEAPEST lots that are for sale In the
entire Western Addition; well located and
on the Funny side of the street, having a
grand marine view that makes them desir-
able for residences or flats; on north side
Union, west of Broderick; size 25x100; only
I1C50; cars pass; cash or installments: first
payment $100; ready for building; street sew-
ered: pas. water and electricity ready to turn
on. W. J. GUNN. 630 California st. (Savings
Union Building.)
THOSE cheap lots north of the Park are
f-elling fast; $875 and $900; graded; 3 lines
of cars; street work done; gas. water, elec-
tricity on streets; the last chance for such
cheap lots with all these advantases: fine
location for flats: Inside of 10th ave. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st.
CHOICE lots, elevated and sitely; west side 6th
ave., north of Lake; ready for building; 25x
120: street work done; water, gas and elec-
tricity ready to turn on; a few steps from
the electric cars; $1400, cash or installments,
to suit; first payment $100; If you are looking
for a building site you will go no further
after you see these lots; the neighborhood
is building up with a superior class of homes;
it is a fine location. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia st. (Savings Union Building.)
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$14,000-76 flats on Central ave.; rents annu-
ally Jl.Y.C; bargain.
$9000— 'S fiats on McAllister et. ; rents $930
annually: good Investment.
$2700 — House of 2 flats and attic: basement;
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
$4000— Ccttage of & rooms, bath, basement;
stable: lot 30x117:6 to rear street.
A BARGAIN — $4250; CORNER LOT. 8
FLATS; LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST.
6EE OWNER ON PREMISES.
_____ •
WHY PAY RENT? $400 for house and lot.
$35— Must sell level lot at any price.
$400 for 4 beautiful lots, 8. V. water, etc.
$1200 — 4-room cottage, bath, toilet, etc., near
cars.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa Bt. Ocean View.
FORCED sale of 2 cottaces. 5 r. and b., on
2Cth St.. near Castro: one chance In a life-
time: $100 down and $20 per month. 1245
Sanchez; $300 down and $20 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Imorov. and nart lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
5-ROOM bouse and outbuildings; free water;
suitable for poultry or hounds: 100x125 ft;
also unimproved 75x123; 120 Palmetto ave.
FOR tale — House 8 rms. : high basement: sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
offer rerused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
POINT RICHMOXn REAli ESTATE).
WATER front lot* and bargains: all tracts;
mnn*. photo* ! etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
KEAL ESTATE Conn try Vor Sale.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water; reasonable; chickens,
duck*. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
FOR sale — On San Pedro road, Colma, 3-room
house, basement and lot 50x100: surrounded
by fruit trees and fence; running water in
house. Inauire 144 Clara St., upstairs.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTEU CO.. 643
Market *t.
REAL K5T.»TK TO EXCHANGE.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
dress box 4148. Call office. ¦-¦¦•.; |
rROPERTV TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale, or will exchange for grain land,
Sacramento or San JoaQuin counties pre-
ferred, a $3500 stock of general merchandise,
groceries and provisions; also the etore build -
inc. barn and dwelling if desired; value
S.-fOOO. Addreas box 48. FaJrfleld. Cal.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
WILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a trip to Mill Valley to-day with your
wife and children; the ride on the boat to
Fausalito will be very pleasant; arriving at
Sausalito you take the new 3-raiI electric
road <the only one on the coast); rides like
a Pullman car, and make the trip to Mill
i Valley in 9 minutes. You will enloy the trip
and the natural beauties of Mill Valley. In-
cidentally we would like to have you look at
the lots in the Sunnyside Tract, which are
right at the terminus of the new electric
, road. The»e unequaled traveling facilities
ere bound to add greatly to the value of land
in Mill Valley: you cannot lose If you buy
one or more lot*: they now vary in price
frcm $«» to $15 a foot, extra deep; never will
be Iff*, and, in fact, are bound to be worth
more. The terms are only 10 per cent down
and balance In &10 monthly installments.
Don't delay thin trip, as the lots are Felling
very fast: over 9O have already been sold.
Prices will be advanced shortly. Call or
send for our illustrated and descriptive book-
let. Acent en the grounds Sunday. LYON
& H0AG. 110 Montgomery et.
wo^r\ •« « !.«»«>- #-„...«.......»."
BTRICTLT confidential loans <:u furniture.
p.snos cr to taUri«d neoo'.e on their note;
proper treatment rviaranteed. Itlinris Truct
_ '° '• r " I '"'' PhFlan >•'<».. Market an-1 OFarrell.
-V.OVEY to lo»n on low tnterest: Kola, silver.
diamonds s par'.s and precious stones bought
¦ t W J. KEPTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. vT.
MILLER, room 74. f.fth floor. Chronicle bldr.
• *> ON furniture & piaros; $15 up: no removal;
_\. TP.EMAlN. room 61. B Eddy et. Boor 4.
Al.L loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
nv> S F Collateral Loan Bank. R3S Kcarny.
>TAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans mon»y to
I yalariod employeg. 11.311. Mutual Sav.Ek bid.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
indonxr MOPP.KT-L ffOi> Enmlnpf Milt.
MISICAL IXSTttl'MENTS.
AUK NOT THESE BARGAINS? ~"~
Khtnnan & Hyde upright $117
Filsher C5
Singer .\ j«a
- £teinways $1C."« 30«j
- Chickerings *5 109
2 Heires 257 385
Rents. ?2 un, apply on purchase; Install-
ments. $4 ui>.
HEINE 1'IAXO CO.. £33-2*7 Geary Ft., larg-
A.N upright pi.ir.o shipped by high class East-
em manufacturers will be at actual cost |
to cave return of freight. 237 Geary Ft.
S7EIXWAY upright, left by private party.
*:•*'. a rreat bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
frcm us. Our methods are well known to b«
open ar.d above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads." Is cur rule. All goods guaranteed
as rejir*sented or no sale. Call and see larg«
asFortment of new and used instruments.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 703 Mar-
ket et.
A FEW Hpright bargains from $70 up. comprls.
ing such m&kre as Chlckerlng. Jacobson. '
Vose. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Fchwechten. ¦
(Vcster. Schun-.an and others; easy payments. I
I5ENJ. CURTAZ & SON 16 O'Farrell St.; no
branches in San Francisco.
THE KTeatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal tre will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once KOHLER
& CHASE. Egtabllshed 1S50. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Bescon Parts, maker.
Gus Xlaiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farreil;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
1'IANO at a bargain: new. upright; easy terms;
no agenU. Box 4308. Call office.
RARE chance: caeh or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 1C McAllister ft.
Unredeemed storage pianos and fi.-niture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1CU Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Ke<-ffe'g.2S3 OTarrelL
BUY direct from the factory and cave £>0 per
cent. HORNUNO. 218 McAll'ct-r st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per mo-th. |
SCOTT-CTRTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0 Hayes st.
¦ ¦
SOHMER. Ryron Mauxy ptanos Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAL'ZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PIAXOS AXD OKGAXS.
I'AHT of our list cf bargains in secend-hand
I-iabos for September. 1303:
Original
Price. Now.
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Rosewood case, large eire, 7 1-3
Cftavee, beautiful toiie, in excel-
lent condition $723 $375
i A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, largest sire, full
twinging music rack, three pedals,
\ery '.. :i.-i style, cannot be told
frcm a new piano 550 400
I PTEINWAY & SONS — i
Walnut case, email eize, 7 1-3
octaves, nearly new, beautiful
tone. In fine rendition 622 475
1 STEINWAY & SONS —
Mahogany case, large size, latest
rtyle. " 1-3 octave*, cannot be told
I rora new T50 €25
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany C2se, in perfect condi-
tion, only used three months 800 073
1 STEIN WAV & EONS BABY
GRAND—
TCbonlzed case. In u*e a very
rhort time en] equal to new S50 750
Also a large numbfr of square pianos
ranging in price from J25 to $250. and chapel
;-,r.d parlor organs from 120 to $150.
Ccn;p!ete list furnished en application at
cur store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
CtimT Kfamy and Sutter sts.
PERSONALS.
A—FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
".Vrii-.kier. yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
? :r.a;ip> j. pitting* ar.d Fears scientifically re-
n.oved without cutting, massage, electricity or
totCidWfi special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
fcPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
h:ir.f, lemovicg wrinkles, tan. freckles. leav-
ing -.¦:.:. cuar and smooth: to be had only at
n y office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
7*1 OTarrell Et.
THE Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its gr.-wth.s'.ors falHng.cure* dandruS
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ertlp; at druggists', hairdresser* ;ac-
<x>pt no -ubrtHute. Star RetaedyCo. ,3&5Geary .
NOT how cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers ot the Rapid Rotary
Etandard. the »ewlns-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arrnt. 1C21 Market Et.
J'H Yfc'ICIA>?. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morrhiBe. cocaine habit. Call or
aiiresa Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave,
*-orner Euttor »t. ; fee moderate.
IJHUNKENNF.PP. mornhine and all drug dls-
e&j«?s positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
Ih39 Polk Bt. ; consultation free; ca.U or write.
P.EMOVAU-DR. XV. C. STRATTOS has re-
tncved bis office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 674, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
KED- WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine.
direction and booklet mailed free. Missouri
Ken-.edy Co.. dept. C20. St. Louis. Mo.
HAIRDRKSSING in all tranches taught: $3 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Hairdressing Parlors,
1C26 Markn st.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Bandar evenings at Tcutonla Hall. Howard
ft., ne'ar Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT 1"« thar cc«t. uncalled for suits, overroats
r.n<i trjusera. at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market El
THE hiphett price paid for ladles' or gents'
cart-off clothing and a!l articles of value at
WEINnERG'S. 114A E1I1« et.
JXEOAXT suits on eary Installments: 50 cents
«.r.4 up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
THE be*t plto to buy good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
XLL *tyl«-F liairdreBsine 25c: hair goods; nunl-
«.rln«. 25c G. LEDEHER. 123 Etocktsn St.
TAILOR-MADE cult $7 50; dress pants J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupunt.
fcUPERFLUOL'5 hair end mole* removed by
X1AFQUERAOE costumes, play bocks, wins,
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
h?.lr to v.f natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
EuperfJnotw hair and mol*« removed with elec-
trlc ne>-<11> Mtt». A M)*» F-wton. 1119 Butter.
I»AL,-.IISTBy.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo-
f-lst. Palm rrcdir.es 1 1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 6. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. CIS
Taylor »t.. near Geery. Phone Black 5C1.
I'UVMCIAXS AXD SUU'iKOXS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021V& Market St.. fcet. Birth and Seventh.
ELOOD «k!n and rectal dJseaees a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market st.
RFMOVED — DR WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6P7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
DR TOXG PO CH Y. successor to Dr. LJ Po
Tal herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
by cw of h-rbu «nd teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor— All di«-
earen cured' by Chinese hrrbs. 740-8 Clay st.
I'UO! O>ALS.
i'ltOlOSALS for subsistence ruppUes. Office
I'urr-haslns; Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
September 14, 1903— Sealed proposals for fur-
i.Uhlng and delivering of such quantities of
mtrtsiutence supplies, delivered at such wharf
'T wharves or *ucb warehouses In San Fran-
<iy<o Cal- as per circular to be seen at this
o!ju». will be received here until 11 o'clock |
a. m., Friday. September 2j. UKtt. and opened j
¦.mnwjiately thereafter. In presence of bid- 1
<ler«. FpecificaUcns. peneral instructions to I
Udders and blank forms of proposal* will be j
furnUhed to r-taablijhed dealers on pp;.!i:-a-
tlon to C. R. KHAUTHOFF. Major Com'y.
7-Tn KTtANCISCO, Cal.. Sept. 12. l»03.— Seal-
hJ proposals. In trirjli^ate. will be received
here until 11 o'clock *. m.. September 22.
lOtti. and then opened fcr construction of
frame buildings for lavatorie*. additions to
</fftccm" quarters, plumbing, etc. at Depot
t.t Hecrclt Instruction. Presidio of San Fran-
«-isco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids in whole or in
%Art. Information furnished en application
to c. A. XJcvol, Quartermaster. Chief Q. M. 1
I ROOMS TO LET— -Furn. and fnfnrn.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; diy, week, mo.
POST. 1038 — Nicely furnished rooms in a new,
modern flat; central. *. . . -
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week, $2
vo $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
St! JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751. ; ¦.--:,-
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$175 to f.0 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d Bt.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to<$l 60 night: $2 to $8 week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
STEVENSON^Mansion, 607 Caliiornia st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class: suni.y
suites: single rooms: choice locality: ref.
HAYES. C71— Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
PAGE, 151 — Rooms and board In suites or sepa-
rate; modern; homelike: $20 each.
THE LAKE. 268 Turk— Nicely furnished
; rooms with board.
I ROOMS AKD BOAllD WANTED.
! ROOM and board: boy of 6 years, attending
school; private family. 900 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Place for a boy to board: 6 years
¦ old; in private family. Call at SKHi O'Farrell.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir Ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
. ct California will be closed September 15,
1903, at ." o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2, 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
September 3, 1003.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surirtcal dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Ptarr King bldg.,
121 Cearv st.: tel. Prlvnf Exchange glfl.
SPECIALISTS
cXTl\RR^rDEAFNE^anTNOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMKRIXG.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CO.S'KLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS V\n and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRJEA^^XROAlNTlN^Tp^WmTERX^e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the^city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 2C6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 50S Market.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Charles. R. Hancgres, 3S, Santa Cruz, and
Sophie Stehn, 35. city.
Theodore V. Krohn, 24. 1655 Baker street,
and Ida H. Taggart, 19, 1205 Octavia street.
Thomas B. McNamara, 21, Santa Rosa, and
Ida M. Bither. 20,, city.. ...
Frank P. Schafer, 21. 324% Seventh street,
and Catherine J. Collins. IS, 1415V4 Folsom ct.
Jesse S. Eckler, 21. 834 Dolores street, and
Teresa R. J. Wren, 21, 718 Natoma street.
Alexander Schwartz, 37, city, and Grace L
P. Cartwright, 10, city.
George D. Larson, 26, 1005 Clay street, and
Amelia R. Galindo, 24, 1116 Kearny street.
John H. Wilson, 57, San Mateo, and Annie
Hazelton, 33. city.
Arthur Watts, 26, Iowa Hill, and Ebba
Leckman, 23. city.
Theo. C. Donner, 35. city, and Maude M.
Brownine, 27, city.
Arthur G Woodward, 22, Sacramento, ani
Alice V. Huntington, 20, city.
James Collins. 41, San Mateo, and Susie J.
McGillery, 32, Oakland.
Gregory J. Vltaich, 21, city, and Bertha M.
Nlquet, 18, city.
Gustave Breeser, 2S, city, and Pauline Mil-
tenberger, 20, city.
James Young, 46, Oakland, and Katie M.
Murphy. 34. Oaklahd.
Frank B. Bayly, 26, city, and Irma C. Lille,
21. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed 'With the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN.
BALOUN— In this city, September 15. 1903, to
the wife of Joseph P. Baloun, a son.
BEHRMAN — In this city, September 14. 1303,
to the wife of Henry G. Bchrman, a daugh-
ter.
SMITH— In Oakland, September 15, 1003, to
the wife of A. J. Smith, a daughter.
STANTON— In this city, September 5, 1003, to
the wife of Frank J. . Stanton, a son.
MARRIED.
KEMME— MEHSLOH— In this city, September :
! 12, 1903, by the Rev. Alfred Meyer, Claus
j Kemme and Miss Mehsloh, both of San
Francisco. • • •
~ DIED.
Allen, Joseph W. Larsen, Marie
Buckbee, Rev. C. A. Metzger, Conrad
Clark, Caroline Miller, Frank
Clemens, Matthew Miller, Ralph W.
Cook, Emma Nurvall, Edward
Cook, George A. lUichsrath, Louis F.
Corbus, Mary A.- Romer, Marlnu*
Day, Mrs. A. P. Rossi, Antonio vTi'vi
Dooley, Edward F. Sandefur, Robert
Doran, Margaret Schwartz, Isidor
Eiios, Mary V Eelna, Louise R.
Gallagher. Catherine Sheehy, Mary
Garibaldi, Sarah SJogren, Olaf
Juzix, Laopold Van Frank, Lucy A.
Kaher, Mary C. "Wood*. Lula E.
Kerrison, Ann __ /t
ALLEN— In this city, September 14, 1903, Jo-
seph W., dearly beloved son of Addle and the
late Alexander Allen, and brother of Ada,
Beulah and Howard Allen, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3 years 4 months and 13 days.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day,
September 10, at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 107 Collins street. In-
terment OOd Fellows' Cemetery.
BUCKBEE — In thl's city, September 15, 1003.
at his residence, 2009 California street. Rev.
Charles A. Buckbee, D.D., a native of,New
York, aged 70 years. (Chicago and New
York papers please copy.)
CLARK— In this city. September 13, 1003.
Caroline, relict of the late George W. Clark,
and beloved mother of Dr. G. Waverly Clark.
Harry L. Clark and Mrs. Rose M. Stahle, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 70 years.
IDTFuncral services to-day, at 10 o'clock,
at her late residence, 730 Green street. In-
terment private, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLEMENS— In the City and County . Hospital.
September 15, 1903, Matthew Clemens, a. na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 07 years. \
COOK— In this city, September 15, 1903, Emma'
Cook, beloved mother of Maud Cook, a' na-
tive of San Francisco.
COOK — In Berkeley, September 14, 1003,
George Alexander. Infant son of Georee ' A.
and Catheiine C. Cook, a native of Berke-
ley, aged 1 month and 24 days. •
CORBUS— In this city. September 15, 1903,
Mary A., beloved wife of A. T. Corbug, and
mother of Lizzie J. Parker and Sadie C,
Adam W. and Andrew F. Corbus Jr., a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 61 years 7 months
and IS days. - •; - s-" - - ¦
ICT'Frieruis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, September 17, at 9:45 o'clock, at
her late residence, 1511 Jones street. Inter-
ment private.
DAY — In this city, September 15, 1903, Mrs."
- Amelia Pearson - Day, : beloved wife of ¦ Rev.
¦ W." C. > Day of San Francisco, and mother of
Rev. R. C. Day of ' Fairhaven, Wash., and
t Mm. B. C.'Condlt of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged ' 63 ' years.
DOOLEY — Entered Into rest September 13,
- 1903, Edward F., beloved husband of Cath-
¦erine Dooley, and. loving son of Martin and
. Mary' Dooley. ¦ a : native of the parish of KU-
christ, ;¦•; County- Galway, Ireland, aged ¦ 37
years. J S8^f0BUSS&VmKSBOBKUft0SBM
inriTriflnda and acauaintances axe resnect-
h ¦ ". . . ¦-. . / - .It is said that the profitable hen eats
sixteen times her weight in a year. Her
eggs are six times her own .weight and
¦worth six times the cost of her food.
Learn how to make those delicious Blitz
Kuchen. Our cook book shows you. S. F.
Gas and Electric Co. •
A legal wrangle was participated in be
tween the attorneys for the prosecution
and the defense, in which Judge Cabaniss
was umpire. The attorneys for the ac
cused women took advantage of every
technical opportunity to file objections to
questions propounded by the prosecuting
attorneys and by Judge Cabaniss. Most
of the objections were overruled.
The witness then testified that on some
date in August, between the 19th and 21st.
Mrs. Sutton came to the drus store and
presented a prescription reading, "Arse
nic. McLaughlin, M. D."
"Did you converse with Mrs. Sutton?"
was asked of the witness by the prose
cuting attorney.
"I did." was the reply. "I asked her
who wrote the prescription, and she said
Dr. McLaushlln had. I afkod her what
the arsenic was to be used for, and she
said she did not know. I then asked her
what quantity of arsenic^-^vaa required,
as no quantity was mentioned on the
prescription, and she again replied that
she did not know. .She said any quantity
would do_ and I gave her an onnce of
arsenic. I did so with trie distinct under
standing that she was to give the arsenic
to Dr. McLaushlin."
LAWYEB DBUBY SCORES POINT.
Attorney Drury, for the defense, put
the witness through a rigid examination.
He took advantage of every opportunity
to prove that the 'witness did not pos
sess sufficient memory to connect Mrs.
Sutton with the person who presented the
forged prescription.
Under the questions plied by Attorney
Drury, the drug clerk admitted that he
was unable to say how Mrs. Sutton was
dressed at the time she presented the
prescription. He could not remember If
she had her hat on or oft or if it was in
the morning or evening when she visited
the drujr store.
"You cannot remember these important
matters," said Attorney Drury, •'yet you
claim to be positive in your identification
of Mrs. Sutton, whom you say you had
never seen before she presented that pre
scription."
The witness assented to the propounded
question, and then admitted that he had
identified Mrs. Sutton as the woman who
visited the drug store when he saw her
at the office of Chief of Police Wittman
two days after the death of Bowers.
In the examination of the drug clerk
Attorney Drury scored a victory over the
prosecution, for *he brought nut the state
ment of the witness that from his own
memory he could not remember the exact
date when Mrs. Sutton Is alleged to have
presented the forged prescription for the
arsenic.
Detective Thomas L.. Ryan testified that
he located the forged prescription at the
drug store at Fifth and Folsom streets
on the night of August 27, two days after
Bowers died.
The further hearing of evidence was
The witness did not have his file of the
drug store prescriptions with him. and
while he knew that- the forged prescrip
tion had been filled on a certain date,
owing to the dated number upon it, the
defense would not allow him to testify
by that meai*?. They insisted that he
testify as to the date the prescription was
filled, relying 1 solely on his memory, and
the drug clerk under these conditions was
unable to fix the exact date.
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Hanley
showed the witness the forged prescrip
tion and asked him if he recognized it
"I do," was the ready response of the
witness.
DRUG CLERK CAUSES WRANGLE.
When the drug clerk testified that Mrs.
Sutton had presented the forged prescrip
tion calllnc for arsenic and Yixed the
time as being between the 19th and 21st
of August last, the attorneys for the de
fense piled one objection after the other
before the court.
J. C. Peterson, the drug clerk at the
store of J. Askenasy, at Fifth and Fol
som streets, was then called to the wit
ness stand.
to die at any time, but the witness posi
tively denied that she had made any sug
gestion. She stated that on the day be
fore Bowers died Mrs. Sutton had re
quested her to accompany her and Mrs.
Sutton had purchased the mourning dress
for her sister.
then postponed until Friday afternoon at
2 o'clock.
Official statistics show that there are
17,000,000 children in Russia between the
ages of 6 and 14 years receiving absolute
ly no education.
Reduced rates on household goods to A from
the Kast & South. Bekin's. 11 Montgomery.- *
tave I^evy. A. Rojo, C. F. Jimenez, E. F. Ro
bles. K. Vaca. J. RtvaB. A. B. Treadwell. Hon
orary reception committee — A. de la Torre Jr.,
chairman: A. U. Treadwell, H. H. N North,
Thomas M. Crawford, Fernando Loaita, P. Ban
calari, G. E. Channing, John J. Kreiss. J. J.
Mcltevltt. Theodore JLunstedt, Henry Pernau,
Edward Snook. Floor manager — H. E. da Sil
va. Floor committee — Isaac Carcass, Frank
Ortega. E. Castagnetto. Gregorlo Martinez, M.
Lacarra. J. Anino.
The following programme will be ren
dered at Saratoga Hall:
Overture.' orchestra; reading -of ¦' Declaration
of Independence; oration. Hon. Rafael de Za
yas Knriquez, Mexican Consul General; march,
"Porflrio Diaz"; poem. MIpb Gloisa Kncalller;
selection, "The Mocking. Bird," Professor K.
Navarro; remarks,' Senor Jose.de la Fuente;
speech, Hon. E. K. Taylor; song, Senorita Ma.
dero; fancy dance, SIlss Reglna Lee; song,
"Asleep In the Deep," Miss Anita Gil!: Ameri
can National Hymn; Mexican National Hymn.
The leading banks are our customers. They
know of MyseH-RolUns' good work at 22 Cluy. •
For suburban service, where great pull
at starting is needed, the weight of the
locomotive is now concentrated on the
smaller drivers.
Lundy pays the highest price for loosa
diamonds. 4 3d st and <52 Market st '
John Emerson was held to answer be
fore the "Superior Court by Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of bur
glary in $1000 bonds. He was also con
victed of . petty larceny and sentenced to
serve five' months in the County Jail. His
companion, James E. Sullivan, was con
victed of petty larceny and sentenced to
serve six months in Jail. They broke into
a toolhouse at Sacramento and Montgom
ery streets and stole about $200 worth of
tools.
Broke Into a Toolhouse.
The John M. Klein Electrical Works an
nounce removal from No. 421 Montgomery
Street to No. 107 Battery street. After a
period of twenty-four years on Montgom
ery street this tirm is compelled to secure
more commodious accommodations to
meet the large demand for their many
electrical specialties. Having four floors,
40x125, they will carry the largest assort
ment of electrical supplies on the Pacific
Coast. If you cannot rind what you want
at your regular dealers, try us. •
Removal Notice.
"Mrs. Martha Bowers," said the wit
ness, "told O'Leary to go to her house
and make the bed and clean the lamps
and that she desired him to stay at the
house with her."
Attorney Drury. for the defense, sought
to elicit from the witness that she had
suggested to Mrs. Martha Bowers and
to Mrs. Sutton that it would be as well
for Mrs. Martha Bowers to buy a mourn
ing dress, as Martin Bowers was "likely
The sister-in-law of the deceased then
testified that after Bowers died at the
German Hospital she accompanied Mrs.
Martha Bowers to the residence of Mrs.
Sutton, who ~was informed that Bowers
was dead. Mrs. Sutton then asked Mrs.
Martha Bowers to try on her mourning
dress and the accused woman did so.
From the residence of Mrs. Sufton the
witness had gone with Mrs. Martha Bow
ers to a saloon on Taylor street, where
the accused woman had called on Wil
liam .O'Leary and informed him of her
husband's death.
Strong links in *he chain of evidence
against Mrs. Martha E. Bowers and her
sister, Mrs. Zylpha C. Sutton, charged
with the murder of the former's husband,
Martin L. were presented yes
terday in the hearing of testimony before
Police Judge Cabaniss.
Positive proof was produced that the
death of Bowers was due to arsenic, and
the principal witness of the day. Drug
Clerk J. C. Peterson, furnished the evi
dence showing that Mrs. Sutton presented
a forged prescription to him and obtained
an ounce of arsenic some days previous
to the death o' Bowers.
The attorneys for the defense made an
effort to exclude the evidence of Peterson
and their objections were presented with
rapidity. Every question asked of Peter
eon by the prosecuting attorneys was
quickly objected to by the defense, but
Judge Cabaniss was tirm and ruled that
the witness should be allowed to give his
evidence.
The accused women appeared in court
dressed in black and wore heavy seal
skin coats and black veils. The damag
ing testimony against them was listened
to without apparent emotion, and to all
intents the accused women might have
been ordinary spectators. * .
AUTOPSY SURGEON TESTIFIES.
Autopsy .Surgeon Bacigalupi was the;
first witness called yesterday, and he de
.tailed the holdinsr of. an autopsy on the ;
body of Martin L. Bowers oh August 26
last. The surgeon the condi-'
tion of the organs of the body and told
how he found the liver and kidneys
affected by fatty degeneration. He had
removed the stomach and a portion of
the brain for analytical examination by
Professors Green ana Morgan. The wit
ness identified his report of the autopsy,
which stated the cause of q\eath to be
due mainly to fatty degeneration of the
kidneys. . - •
The autopsy surgeon further testified
that the fatty degeneration of the kid
neys could have been caused -»y the ad
ministration -of-arsenic, -and- in -reply -to
a auestion by the defense said that the
same conditions might arise from other
causes.
Mrs. Harry Bowerr, sister-in-law of the
deceased man, was called to the witness
stand and testified that she visited Mar
tin L. Bowers from August 16 to the day
of his death at the German Hospital on
August 24.
She told of the weak condition of Bow
ers and how he suffered from constant
vomiting spells and was unable to move
his limbs. The witness further testified
that during the time she was at the resi
dence of her brother-in-law his medicine
was given to him by his wire, with the
exception of one occasion, when Mrs.
Martha Bowers asked the •witness to pive
the sick man one of the pills prescribed
by the doctor.
MOURNING DRESS WAS READY.
In company with Chemist Thomas Price
of this city, Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney E. J. Banning left last eve
ning for a visit to the Mountain Copper
Company's plant at Keswick. The pur
pose of the visit is to enable Messrs Ban
ning and Price to collect data with ref
erence to the destruction of forest growth
in the vicinity by the fumes from the
smokestacks of the works. Mr. Price has
been engaged as a witness for the Govern
ment in the trial of the suit of the Govern
ment against the Mountain Copper Com
pany (Limited), to enjoin it from further
destruction of vegetation there. He will
testify that certain improved machinery
has been introduced which will convert
the fumes into sulphuric acid, which will
be saved and utilized.
This improvement will cost from $60,
000 to $70,000. As the plant is valued • at
several millions and as the sulphuric acid
will be a' profitable by-product Mr. Price
thinks that it will be economy to intro
duce the improvement. \The pending liti
gation has for its object the perpetual in
junction of the copper company from al
lowing the fumes of its works to escape.
The case will be on trial October 19.
Improved Machinery for This
Purpose Will Be Added •
to Keswick Plant.
Testimony in Murder Case
Produces a Wrangle in
Court.
Planning to Convert the
Smelters' Fumes
Into Acid.
Sensational Evidence Is
Given in Trial of
AA/"oTY"lftT1
TO SAVE SHASTA
FOREST GROWTH
POISON BOUGHT
BY MRS. SUTTON
George Davis was convicted of burglary
in the first degree by a Jury in Superior
Judge Cook's court yesterday and '. will
be sentenced on Saturday. He broke into
the room of Annie Leldner, 389 Fifth
street, on the night of March 26 and stole
a quantity of wearing apparel. Thomas
Corcoran was arrested with Davis and his
case was continued yesterday till Septem
ber IS to be set;
Convicted of Burglary.
Postmaster General Will Not Be
Present at Examination.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13—In accord
ance with a decision of Acting Attorney
General Hoyt declaring that the subpena
served on the Postmaster General yes
terday to appear at the hearing in New
York to-day of the case of George W.
Beavers, the former head of the salary
and allowance department. Postofllee De
partment, was void, the Postmaster Gen
eral has designated Postoffice Inspector
Lawrence Letherman as his representa
tive at that hearinr.
Postmaster General Payne said to-day
that It was a physical imnosvibility to
comply with the subpena in any event,
aside from the law in the case. Jhe sub
pena, he pointed out, called for papers,
documents and records covering years
of operations of the department to be
produced before the United States com
missioner. These papers are in constant
use in connection with the investigation
of the poBtal service and are scattered
throughout the country in the hands of
inspectors.
The Grand Jury has been deliberating
over the case of a former Assistant At
torney General, who at one time was
prominent, and much evidence \ has been
submitted by postoffice inspectors and
others. This case is connected with that
of a former law clerk. Manager Bow
man of the Southern Mutual Investment
Association and others testified before the
Grand Jury in this case. It is expected^
that the Grand Jury will take early ac
tion on both cases. There are in the
neighborhood of half a dozers other in
dictments expected.
SUBPENA IS VOID.
II. E. da Silva. chairman; F. R.' Olmedo. vice
chairman; A. de la Torre Jr.. secretary; T.-Cal
dron, treasurer. Executive committee — Gus-
OLD Mexico's day of Independence
will be celebrated in this city by
her loyal sons and daughters with
a deal of porn/ and splendor by
the two prominent Mexican or-'
ganizations of the city, the Zaragoza Club
and the.Junta Patriotlca. The former or
ganization will hold its exercises at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, while Saratoga Hall
| has been selected as the scene of the lat
i ter club's demonstration.
This will mark the ninety-third year of
Mexican freedom, and the Mexican resi
dents of this city have all resolved to
celebrate the m<jmorable occasion on a
more elaborate scale than has ever been
attempted^here before. The houses of the
Latin quarter will be decked in gala style,
and the Stars and Stripes and the flag of
old Mexico will wave in the breeze. •
The Zaragoza Club's celebration at the
Mechanics' Pavilion will be the principal
demonstration, though the exercises at
Saratoga Hall will also tie very interest
ing. Hon. Rafael de Zayas Enriquez, the
Mexican Consul General In this city, has
consented to deliver the oration at both
celebrations.
Mayor Schmitz and Governor Pardee
have been invited to attend the celebra
tion at Mechanics' Pavilion, and they will
likely accept. The exercises will begin at
S o'clock. The grand march will com
mence at 9 and dancing will be continued
all night
The following programme will be ren
dered: '
Overture, orchestra: installation of the Mexi
can celebration committee; reading of the Dec
laration of Independence o£ Mexico by A. d© la
Torre Jr.: "Stars and Stripes," orchestra: ora
ticn In Spanish. Rafael de Zayas Enriquez,
Consul General of Mexico: waltz. "II Bacio"
(Arditi). Miss Belle Samuels, accompanied by
I'rofessor Joseph Roeckel; address by Mayor E. :
B. Schmitz; "Star Spangled Banner," Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel, aecorrpanled by chorus;
French dance, Lillian Rossback; oration in
English. Hert Schlesinger; Brindlsi. "Cavalle- !
rla" (Mascagnl): Mexican National Hymn, first 1
stanza, Mrs. Ilerlinda V. de Baez; second
stanza. C. F. Jimenez: third stanza. Miss Edna
Adams, and grand chorus.
The following committee will have the
celebration in charge: t
MEXICAN CONSUL. GENERAL,
WHO WILL PARTICIPATE IN
THE CELEBRATION.
t'pon the request of counsel . the ar
raignment of McGIehan and Huntlngtoi
was adjourned until September 23.
The defense and prosecution offered U
submit memorandum on the point raisetf
giving the decision in support of each o!
their contentions, and the Commissionei
then adjourned the examination unti
September IS, at which time he will give
a decision on the point at issue.
After placing Officer George Russell on
the stand and having him testify in elab
orate detail to charts of the scene of the
assault in the Marriott house. Attorney
Dunne called Police Sergeant Lionel
Shaw. Shaw testified that he called at
the Marriott house a few minutes after
the shooting, and that at the time Mrs.
Marriott told him that five shots were
fired In all, that she was in the nursery
until three of the shots had been fired
and that it was a short man in gray
clothes and wearing a mustache who did
the shooting.
In the cross-examination Johnson suc
ceeded in making a somewhat sorry spec
tacle out of Shaw. He forced the witness
to admit that he never made a report of
Mrs. Marriott's statements to his supe
rior, and, in fact, never told any one about
them until questioned by Dunne during
the course of the criminal trial in Judge
Cook's court last December. Officer Jo
seph Lycette and Sergeant of Detectives
George McMahon, who were at the Mar
riott house on the night of the shooting,
repeated the same speech of Mrs. Marri
ott and were subjected to the same severe
cross-examination.
The hearing of witnesses for the defense
will continue this morning.
ment, under indictments returned against
him by the Federal Grand Jury of Brook
lyn, charging him with conspiracy to de
fraud the Government through complicity
with the Brandt-Dent Manufacturing
Company of Watertown, Wis.. was com
menced to-day before United States Com
missioner Hitchcock. The defendant was
represented by his counsel, Messrs. Mor
gan and Seabury, who were reinforced
by a third lawyer. Max Stauer, who con
ducted the examination. The defendant,
looking worried, though attempting to ap
pear at ease, sat behind his counsel.
At the beginning of the examination
Stauer moved to dismiss the proceedings
on the ground that the facts as alleged In
the complaint were insufficient and that
no proof had been presented for the Com
missioner's consideration in support of
the indictment and complaint, as re
quired by law.
Mrs. Marriott took the stand in the
morning to testify to her knowledge of
the assault upon her husband by Beale
and Williams. She maintained, as at the
former trials, that she rushed from the
nursery upstairs when she heard the
sound of scuffling in the hall below, and
that she was standing on the turn of the
stairs when her husband rushed past her
and Williams, at the newel post in the
hall below, :ired three shots at the fleeing
figure. When asked whether she had not
stated to Sergeants Shaw and McMahon
and Patrolman Lycette of the police
force and to Bernard Jeffrey Jr., and Fred
erick Bishop of The Call staff that she
was in the nursery when she heard three
shots fired and then rushed on the stair
way, where two more detonations fol
lowed, Mrs. Marriott made denial with
the strength of speech stated above.
Upon questioning his witness Attorney
Hiram Johnson sought to have her admit
that Detective Tcm Gibson repeatedly
sought her after the shooting, each time
with a different story, which would be
calculated to confuse and mislead her in
the presentation of testimony before the
courts and thus assist in clearing the de
fendants. Attorney Dunne immediately
objected strongly to Johnson's question
and the Judge' ruled it improper.
The brief testimony of Mrs. Mary E.
Bucknall, mother-in-law to the plaintiff,
clcsed the case for the plaintiff.
The early part of the afternoon was
given over to the arguments of the attor
neys upon the merits of the amended
amendment which Dunne had made to his
answer. After going over legal prece
dents the lawyers submitted the case to
the Judge and his Honor ruled in favor of
the defendants. The demurrer of the
plaintiff was overruled.
"I swear it by the love which I have
for my baby!" was the dramatic empha
sis which Mrs. Mary t Marriott put upon
one of her statements yesterday when she
was testifying in behalf of her husband,
Frederick Marriott, in the damage suit
against Truxtun Beale and Thomas Wil
liams before Judge Sloss. Her strong as
sertion upon the crucial point of her tes
timony did not seem to convince Attorney
Peter Dunne of the defense, for later he
produced three witnesses to contradict the
statement made by the wife of the editor.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The preliminary
examination of George \V. Beavers, for
ircr head of the salary and allowance di
vision of the General I'ostoffice Depart-
Defendant's Counsel Arg-ues for Dis
missal of Proceedings.
BEAVEES IN COURT.
The names of Harry A. Seger, Henry
Nunez, Charles F. Boss and A. M. Mc-
Bath. inspectors and clerks in the Post
master Genc-rals office, are also affixed to
the warrant.
The warrant of arrest was issued in
Washington by Judge Harry M. Clabaugh
of the Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia. Affixed to the document are
tlif* names of thf> ¦witnesses upon whose
testimony the indictment is based. Among
them are D. S. Richardson. C. L. Way
land and C. F. H. Uirdseye.
Krwin was in a composed frame of
mind yesterday and felt sure of the im
mediate vindication of the charges pend
ing against him. He was deluged with
friendly messages from all parts of the
country and said he was overwhelmed by
the interest that his friends had manifest
ed in his welfare.
His attorney, Samuel Knight, is of the
opinion that possibly this step may not be
necessary.
What will follow is of course a matter
of conjecture. The accused is fully ready
to surrender himself to the demands cf
the Government and is prepared, if mces
*ary. to leave immediately for Washing
ton. I>. C.
It is further charged that Machen cor
ruptly passed as correct bills for said
devices at unreasonable and exorbitant
prices, and that the three indicted per
pons corruptiy divided the money so
obtained among: themselves.
It is charged also that on August 1, 1901,
S4S7O was collected for 520 time indicators
No. 1 at J4 2j each, and 4S0 No. ;: .it Ji ."0
each; that on December 1, 1301, they con
spired to purchase another 1003 for $416S 23,
being S73 of No. 1 at $4 each. ISO No. 2 at
$• -j each and 2*>j No. 3 at 14 50 each, and
that on January 1, 1902. they conspired to
purchase 1000 more.
Krwin, in anticipation of the arrival of
the warrant, presented himself at the of
fice of the United States District Attorney
at 1 o'clock yesterday. lie was accom
panied by Willis G. Witter and Thomas
Rickard, who were prepared to act as his
bondsmen. As no sum was stipulated in
the document, a telegram was sent to
Washington for further advice.
Attorney Woodworth at once began to
prepare the removal papers and they will
be ready by 10 o'clock this morning, when
Erwin will present himself at the attor
ney's office to accept notification of ser
vice.
The indictment charges James W. Er
win, August W. Machen and George W.
Beavers with conspiracy to defraud the
United States, on July 13, 1901, by giving
to and obtaining for a Postal Device and
lmproveiat-nt Company, in a manner con
trary to law, the exclusive opportunity
for the business of furnishing to and for
the free delivery service certain articles,
tupplies and equipments at unreasonable
rnd exorbitant prices, and far above the
ordinary : cost of manufacturing and fur
nishing such articles, and at prices much
higher than the pricos at which those ar
ticles or their equivalent could have been
obtained if they were procured by honest
mtans and in a lawful manner. It is
charged that the company supplied 100 of
the time indicator devices, and the con
tpiracy was to be effected by Machen
oourary to his duties and the trust re
j'osed in him.
It is charged also that Machen neglect
ed to advertise for proposals, and so con
cealed the fact from the public that these
articles were to be purchased, and that
Machen knew that public exigency did
not require the immediate delivery of
those articles.
The warrant charging Postal Inspector
James W. Erwin with conspiracy to de
fraud the United States Government ar
rived yesterday at noon. Aradng the
principal names attached to the document
it that of D. S. Richardson, and It is ap
parent that he is the principal among the
accusers.
Three Police Officers Suffer
at Hands of Hiram
Johnson.
Indictment Arrives Calling
Dismissed Officer to Wash
ington.
Dunne Summons . Wit
nesses to Refute Por
tion of H€>r Tale.
Inspector Erwin Ready
to Surrender Himself
To-Day.
MAIN ACCUSER
IS RICHARDSON
MRS. MARRIOTT
RECITES STORY
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 16. 1903.
MEXICO'S SONS
PREPARE FOR
CELEBRATION
14
This week we will show conv
plete lines of new goods in our
silk department, including taf-
fetas, crepe de chines, silk pop-
lins, peau de soies, yelvets and
Vvl Vvl^Wllui
A Few Specials
20-Incri BLACK taffeta SILK, Yeru Hea7B mialltij,
60c uard
20-Inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE. warranted pure silfc
and a veru lustrous finish' 75c uari
20-Inch COLORED PEAU DE SOIE in a full assort-
ment or the newest-shad.es 85c uarl
24-inch COLORED CREPE DE CHINE, all pure Silk
and yeru high finish, 1 20 different shades, $f uarl
20-Inch POLKA DOT SILK POPLINS, in navu, hrown,
cardinal and cream, with solid colored dots,
....\ SI.OO uard
21-Inch POLKA DOT TAFFETA LOUISINE, In naYU,
hrown, hlack and cardinal grounds, with white
dots, latest goods for Fall" costumes, $1.25 uard
22-Inch METAL PRINT DOTTED VELVETEENS, 'in
mack and white, naYU and white,- hrown and
white and red and white; extra aualitu, 75c uard
19-Inch 0C0M0 SILK LINlNG-a new material male
expresslu for us and suitable for lnexpenslYe
silk lining. We haYe a full assortment of all
the leading shades, also hlack, white and cream,
40c uard
NOTE— Samples of anu of the aDOYe goods sent free
to anu address.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Mrs. Frances Stafford, of 243 E.
With St., N.Y. City, adds her tes-
timony to the hundreds of thou-
sands on Mrs. Pinkham's files.
When Lydia E. Pinkham's Reme-
dies were first introduced skeptics
all over the country frowned upon
their curative claims, but as year
after year has rolled by and the
little group of women who had been
cured by the new discovery has
since grown into a vast army of
hundreds of thousands, doubts and
skepticisms have been swept away
as by a mighty flood, until to-day
the great good that Lydia K.
Pink ham's Vegetable Compound
and her other medicines are doing
among the women of America is
attracting the attention of many of
our leading scientists, physicians
and thinking people.
Merit alone could win such fame j
wise, therefore, is the woman who
for a cure relies upon L.ydia E.
Pink ham's Vegretable Compound.
ATTRMtffl GREAT ATTE5TI05 A503S
the ?imm gores
ADVEKTISEKENTS.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CAkPc,! DbMAN JS I
y Last week held the greatest Carpet Demand San Francisco has ever known, and this g
I week Is promising to be greater. 10,000 yards of carpet were sold on our carpet floor. The |
I selling of carpet demands four things: Quantity, Quality. Style and PRICE. We have the 3
g quantity— 3000 rolls on display. We have the quality— the standard makes with the trade- i
I marks woven in. We have the style— the richest Axminsters/ Wiltons and Savonerries the i
1 world manufacturers can make. And we have the price: see below. |
I TAPESTRY BRUSSELS. BRUSSELS. I
I Cashmeres; floral designs, tans with wood- J A heavy, rich Brussels for parlor, bedroom I
I colored scrolls, reds. and greens; a harmony or ha n ; fl ora i, an( j scro n designs; Oriental i
| in beautiful colors, and many patterns /v a and Persian ; two-toned reds and /r I
I . of . t . l J e ? 1 /. By. the yard, sewed, lined y\jQ greens, and many patterns. By the U^Q I
1 and laid yard, sewed, lined and laid. P
I HIGH-GRADE BRUSSELS. itwvrn viir* I
I . In Oriental: colorings, and designs; repro-. J\l" X \J Mvl3i3. ||
I ductions of rare old -Turkish, India and Per- V The unique Japanese carpft art. Copies of I
1 sian Rugs A fine art in carpets * ft rarc Oriental and costly Persian rugs. ~ 1
I By the yard, sewed, lined and la,d fi by / feet . ...... ° ... ; 75c 1
I " * ' * '•••••• ...•....•...•. hvfi feet nn H
BIGELOW AXMINSTERS. 1
\ Rich, luxurious carpets in wonderfully T TWffYF PTJA^^ ¦ m
1 snaclecl colors. Ana a choice that runs from m
I the light rose colors to. the ox-blood reds; Inlaid — The color goes clear through to- H
1 from the: scarcely discernible electric to the the backr These patterns will last a lifetime, g
ra deep India blue, and from the Nilert*/* aa Floral and scroll designs; a large /tw /ym fjj
K to the foliage green. Bv. the'yard, J\/ |BSI choice. Bv the square yard, laid.. \i /S H
B sewed, lined and laid... .,..^»V" m ...... VpUUV |
I SMITH'S AXMINSTE^S. LINOLEUMS I
|| High grade, high pile parlor carpets. Rich, J-«lli\iJ-il-iVl IO» • ||
§3 deep colored and "soft toned— what would. .Printed — Made of the best pulverized cork H
|j seem rather the work of an artist than a and linseed oil. A good choice of patterns, -M
|| weaver. A choice of many patterns. (J*| Vp ; and a. price that cannot be beaten. By im B
a By the yard, sewed, lined and. laid. .\l -4 k . .the square yard, laid. 4#1C K
Biiui ii.: ? '^riE, -CREDIT; HOUSE* * 233J35-2J^ POST ST, §
W r i
§ DOUBLE-BREASTED
I NEAR-SEAL
8 JACKETS
j With Australian Bav»er ColUri tad Bertts.
$45.00
Tou'd never guess the worth of thwie
jackets from the price. Equal elegance
/ever before went with garments at .
-T35. but we want you to know — as
thousands of your friends and neigh-
bors already do— that this is the place
to buy furs and aave money. And this
is the quickest, surest way we know
to do it. There la nothing: like better
values for maklss business friendships
S Mil
ISHIRTsS
I ARE THE BESTi
I AT THE PRICE. Ii
S CLUETT, PEABODY dfc CO. [ j
r CUTLERtf
GB IfiBjftk Ammunition, Huntli-z •»<*
I lSl9~ik for^cata^'u" "''"*" **°"
\0 1 H \3 SHREVE * BARBER CO
7W» Market st. «a4 5XT
Kcarn/- »t.
ADVERTISEMENTS*