PRICE FrVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. So.
CONVICT MURPHY IS CAPTURED BY BRAVE DEPUTIES AT RENO
BUT HIS COMPANION, OUTLA W MILLER, MANAGES TO GET AWAY
Count Van Asperen Van der Velde of Aristocratic
Butch Lineage, Despondent, Without Money, Home
or Friends, Is Fourm Lifeless on Ocean Boulevard
MYSTERY ENVELOPS DEATH
OF SCION OF NOBLE FAMILY
FOLSOM CONVICT WHO WAS CAPTURED AT RENO AND HIS
COMPANION. WHO MANAGED TO ESCAPE IN. THE WILLOWS
FRINGING THE BANKS OF THE TRUCKEE RIVER.
"YV. O. Craig, a scout from Davlsvllle.
who was instrumental in running tn«
convicts to earth, in an interview said:
SCOUT FOLLOWED CONVICTS.
"I was dazed for a moment," he said,
"and taken off my guard, so they got the
drop on me."
A Call correspondent interviewed Mur
phy in the City Jail late to-night, but he
was very sullen and refused to talk much.
He stated that he left Carson last night,
after putting in an enjoyable day there.
It was his intention to make Reno, then
try to board a freight train for the Ea3t-
When asked why he stopped while cross
ing the bridge, he stated that it was to
remove his revolver from his coat pocket
to a handler place in the front pocket of
his pantaloons. He said that he would
surely have killed Officers Maxwell and
Sharkey if his revolver had not caught in
his pocket.
"I would rather have been killed my
eelf than to return to that accursed
prison, he added."
When questioned as to who his compan
ion was he emphatically stated he would
not tell. -
"Catch him and you will then know."
he said, defiantly.
Murphy's whereabouts for the past
week could not be drawn out of him. He
said he did not see the officers until he
wa3 commanded to throw up his hands.
MURPHY IS SULLEN.
Miller was followed down the river bank
about 200 yards. Then he was tracked and
run up First street, bareheaded, keeping
close to the river. No attempt will be
made to-night to capture him owing to the
heavy growth of trees, willows and shrub
bery along the river. The officers havn
the* territory well guarded and it Is be
lieved that Miller will be captured at day
break.
MILLER SHOOTS AT OFFICER.
Deputy Sheriffs Will Maxwell and John
Sharkey were given the Virginia street
bridge, the most likely one for the con
victs to attempt to cross. At Just 9:30
p. m. the two escape? hove In sight on th©
south end of the bridge, where Sharkey
and Maxwell were stationed.
The men walked to the center of the
bridge, stopped as though discovered,
then continued. As they reached the end
of the bridge the two officers stepped for
ward with a command to "throw up your
hands or you are dead men."
Murphy reached for his revolver, an
ugly looking 43 Colts, but was quickly
grabbed and handcuffed by the officers
before he could use it. Miller got hold
of his revolver, however, and exchanged
shots with Deputy Sheriff Maxwell. Mil
ler, after emptying his revolver without
any effect, Jumped off the bridge, a dis
tance of twenty feet, into the brush and
made his escape. Maxwell fired three
shots at the escape and thinks one of
them took effect, as the man could hardly
'ew»rUy-pasa *o?i^i)S~ : thl^wiijvyw&c, inV
structions to inform the Reno officers by
telephone If ihey passed the escapes.
About 7 o'clock this evening word came
from the scouts that the men wanted had
Just passed Steamboat, twelve miles south
of here, going toward Reno. All was then
bustle and excitement at the Sheriff's of
fice, and hurried preparations were made
to capture the desperate men.
In the r-eantime the scouts kept the
convicts in sight from the rear, following
them into town. When Murphy and Mil
ler entered the city limits, the officers
were again advised by the scouts that tho
desperadoes had entered the city. Ad the
bridges crossing the river leading into
the business portion were guarded by
strongly armed men.
Two cowboys were given a full descrip
tion of the convicts and sent on the Car
son road over which the. men would nec-
gy->. ENO, Nev., Aug. 23.— This city
£f h Is In a state of excitement
jBL^^F over the appearance here of
U Murphy and Miller, two of
*KL the escaped Folsom convict3.
The pair made their appear
ance here to-night about 9:30 o'clock after
traveling all day and ran into the arms of
the officers. Early this morning Sheriff
John Hayes received word that two of
the convicts had left Carson City last
night after spending the day there carous
ing about the saloons under the very eyes
of the law and not being recognized.
Upon receiving the Intelligence that the
convicts were headed this way, Sheriff
Hayes called his two trusted deputies.
William Maxwell and John Sharkey. Into
consultation and plans were laid for the
capture of the two desperadoes.
Prison Birds
Are Caught
Off Guard.
Pistol Shots
From Both
Sides.
Officers Meet
Escapes on
¦ Bridge.
JOSEPH MURPHY, one of the escaped convicts from Folsom, zvas captured at Reno,
Nov., last night by two brave deputies. He was armed, but zvas oz'crpoiuercd before he
could draw his revolver. Outlaw Miller, who was with Murphy at the time, jumped from
a bridge into willows growing on the bank of the Truckce River, after emptying his revolver at
the officers, and escaped. The officers shot at Miller, and believe one of their bullets struck him.
The Count was a gentleman of remarkable
attainments and of great travel. He was the
frequent recipient of letters from Holland and
also from Australia. He enjoyed the best of
health and I . never, heard or knew of him to
spe&k of any . organic heart trouble. He was
strong, active and vigorous when be left here.
Detective C. H. Taylor, who was at once
sent to look Into the case, would not ex
press an opinion as to the cause of the
Count's death. There was . certainly a
large degree of mystery connected with it.
The body was removed to the Morgue
and an autopsy to determine the cause of
death will be held to-day.
Dr. Julius Simon of the Maudsley Sani
tarium, where Van der Velde was em
ployed from the beginning of the year
until April 25, was greatly shocked to hear
of his death. He stated that the unfortu
nate man had filled all requirements while
in his employ and that he tried to pre
vail upon him to stay. Jle said:
Last night at 7 o'clock he stated that he
was eroinir to San Mateo on the electric cars,
and departed, taking with him bis effects.
He had been drinking a good deal lately and
was inclined to despondency. I think he must
have been almost penniless. I am not at all
surprised at his sudden end. ;
Dr. Alvey of 636 Kearny street, who was
a professional adviser and personal friend
of the deceased, stated that the Count
had a weak heart and he attributed that
as a cause of his death.
some money. He didn't seem to me to
be the kind of a man who would commit
suicide. He often talked of going home."
O. F. Woods, manager of the Tremont
House, where the Count had resided ever
since the first of the month, was the last
man that saw him alive. He said:
Van der Velde has made his home here oft
and on elnce last October.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, Aug. 23.— The
election of Alfredo ¦ Baaueriza Moreno,
Ecuadorean Minister to the United States,
as Vice President of the republic of
Ecuador has been annulled by Congress
on trie ground' that it was unconstitu
tional.
LOSES VICE PRESIDENCY
OF SOUTHERN REPUBLIC
r CRESTON, la., Aug. 23.— A most pecu
liar death occurred here to-day. The 7
year-old daughter of John Ronte, a Bur
lington conductor, was taken sick ten
days ago with what physicians pro
nounced dysentery. In spite of their best
efforts the little one grew worse until her
death to-day. An autopsy deyeloped the
fact that the child had swallowed green
peas whole, that they had sprouted and
were . growing In her stomach. The case
is said to be one of the most peculiar on
record.
Seven- Year-Old Girl Dies Prom a
- Strange Cause in
Iowa.
GREEN PEAS SPROUT
IN A CHILD'S STOMACH
The Senate and House have appointed a
committee to find some vray to satisfy
the desire of Colombia for the construc
tion of the canal in accordance with -na
tional interests, but without interrupting
the friendly relations which the republic
desires to continue with the United
States.
BOGOTA, Aug. 23.— Oscar Teran, a Rep
resentative from Panama, made a private
poll of the House of Representatives to
learn whether a resolution commending
the Senate for rejecting the Panama
canal treaty would pass If offered. As a
majority of the members advised against
such action, Senor Teran decided not to
make the proposition.
ABANDONS CANVASS OF
THE COLOMBIAN SENATE
Committee Is Appointed to Find
Some "Way for Arranging
Canal Difficulties.
It is feared that great loss of
life occurred. All the trees and
crops were destroyed and a fam
ine is Imminent. The people ex
pect the Government of Jamaica
to send supplies. Seven schooners
were wrecked on the east side of
the principal island.
No news has been received
from Cayman Brae and Little
Cayman up to the time the schoon
er left, but it was thought certain
that these islands were devastated
by the cyclone and that hundreds
of persons had lost their lives.
KINGSTON-, Jamaica, Aug.
23. — A schooner which arrived
here this morning reports that the
Cayman .' IslandifJvycre devastated
by a hurricane' orT the evening of
August 11. -j
The houses at Georgetown, a
village near the west end of Grand
Cayman Island, were demolished.
The vessels in the harbor were
driven out to sea ; two subsequent
ly returned, but many others had
not been heard from up to August
16.
Ships Driven Out to Sea
Pail to Send Tidings
of. Safety.
Caiman Group De-.
vastated by Hur
pjpfjTlA
TremendbusLoss
of Lite Is
Feared.
TE,[EST
RAVAGES
ISLANDS
"We corresponded frequently," said
Mioulet, "until last June, when' he failed
to reply to my letters. The last time I
heard from him he was a" nurse at Dr.
Gardiner's sanitarium in San Mateo. He
seemed to be happy there and had saved
"I suspected that Van der Velde would
commit suicide while he was with me. so
I wrote to his mother in Amsterdam for
money to send him. She replied that she
had no money to send, as her son had
spent her own and his fortune and she
was dependent on her daughter for the
necessaries of life. His . committing sui
cide is Just what I expected." + ".¦_.-
Henry MIouIet of 524 Nineteenth street,
Oakland, was Van der Velde's most inti
mate California friend. They met a little
more than a year ago. Ju6t after Mlouiet
arrived from the West Indies.
"It was last December that he stayed
with me," said Binneweg. "He was very
weak from hunger and I gave him food.
When he began to build up he asserted
himself by Joining the Salvation Army.
That was enough for me and I told him
to go. The last time I heard from him he
was acting as a nurse In Dr. Simon's hos
pital in San /Francisco.
with prison fare. His calculations proved
correct and he was thrown into prison,
but soon after released on his showing
that he was starving when he committed
the crime. The story of his troubles at
that time attracted attention.
After this escapade Van der Velde
sought aid from Abram Bihneweg of 830
Broadway, Oakland, a countryman. Bin
neweg assisted him for a month and tried
to get him a position.
WAS STARVING TO DEATH.
NOBLEMAN OF HOLLAND WHOSE DEATH IS SHROUDED IN MYS
TERY AND REPRODUCTION OF PHOTOurfAPH OF WOMAN WHICH
WAS FOUND, WITH OTHER EFFECTS. IX DEAD MAN'S POCKET.
navy, but on the death of his father, who
left him a large estate, he resigned his
commission to look after his business in
terests. His travels were extensive.
He enjoyed the acquaintance of
many of the leading European notables,
among them Prince Henry of Prussia.
He married quite early in life, and sev
<ral years ago his wife, who now resides
:n Holland, obtained a divorce from him.
She is reputed to be a beautiful woman
and to have in her own name something
more thar $1,000,000.
Five years ago he came to America, in
vested in plantations in Alabama and
¦within a few months had lost the entire
fortune left by bis father, whose name the
•on bore.
-
, Impoverished and helpless. Van der
Vtrlde drifted about the country, finally
I landing in California about two years ago.
Ey accepting any kind of work that of
fered itself he managed to live. A year
¦go, however, he found himself out of
work and money, and to keep himself
from Etar\injf he stole a bicycle, hoping
tfcat he would be arrested aril sustained
WAS LIEUTENANT IN NAVY.
He became a lieutenant in the Dutch
y^TPAREN'TLY gazing out over
J^jL the bour.dless waters of the Pa
if^f' cific with his glassy eyes
•^ riveted, as if on some vision of
his better and happier days,
his body peacefully reclining on the
dreary eloping sand dunes that flank the
Ocean boulevard, the lifeless body of
Count Van Asperen Van der Velde, for
merly an officer in the Dutch army, was
found at early dawn yesterday by J.
Leigh Rowley of ISO Forty-ninth avenue.
Pressed close to his heart was the pho
tograph of a lovely woman enclosed about
In a copy of Adelaide Proctor's beautiful
poem, beginning:
Without one bitter feelics let us part.
And for the years la which your love has
eh"<l
A radiance like a rlcry rounS my head
I thar.k you— yen. I thank you from rr.y heart.
Broken in spirit, discouraged, friendless.
*v-lthout hope and without means for daily
sustenance, this young scion of a family
of noble lineage, an ex-.ieutenant in Hol
land's navy, an associate of princes of
the realm, well versed in science and lit
erature, a fluent linguist, and until re
cently blessed with ample wealth, he be
took himself to this lonely spot and there
laid himself down to enjoy that everlast
ing sleep which he hoped might bring
to him rest and peace out of his wretched
existence.
*Frcm exalted position, affluence, home,
wife and friends to the plane of a social
outcast was the step of but a few short
vc-ars.
Reared in the home of luxury, the son
cf one cf the first families of Holland,
he enjoyed every advantage that educa
tion, travel and social environment could
give.
This. is only one of many similar fatal
ities which have befallen a number of
American and English boys who were
likewise . engaged in • fishing with the
Greeks. Owing to the isolated localities
of the flshhig camps on the river and the
tendency of the fishermen to shield their
countrymen :'the murderers have seldom
been apprehended. The remains of Pot
ter are being held * by the , Coroner until
his family can be communicated with in
Los Angeles. ...
Potter's body when found to-day was
taken in charge by Coroner Curry of
Martinez. An examination of the body
revealed an ugly knife wound below the
right shoulder blade, showing unmistak
able evidence that Potter was murdered
and. his body thrown overboard. No mo
tive'can be given for the murder.
, Pansacola is about 21 years of age and
has not been in this country very long.
He is believed to be in hiding in the Greek
quarter of San Francisco. Constable Hyde
left here to-night for San Francisco to
search for him.'
Of the monseigneurs, Merry del" Val,
Farley, Archbishop of New York, and Ca
legari. Bishop of Padua, are certain of
promotion.
tioned told the story as given and this
was all that could be learned, but it left
no doubt in the minds of the officers that
murder bad been committed. The po
lice authorities of San Francisco were
notified to be on the lookout for Pansa
cola, but he has not yet been located.
KNTFE WOUND IN BODY.
It is asserted in Vatican circles that be
fore next Christmas America Is to have
at least one more Cardinal, viz., the ne*w
Archbishop of New York, Mgr. Farley,
with whom the Pope Is personally ac
quainted.
The first consistory of Pius X will not
take place before next month, probably
about the 21st, owing to preparatory work
whicli has to be performed by the Consis
torial Congregation regarding the ap
pointment of new Bishops throughout the
world, and another consistory, at which
several new Cardinals are to be named is
to take place in the third week of Decem
ber. *~*y
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— The World has
the following from Rome:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ARCHBISHOP
FARLEY WILL
BE CARDINAL
CoaUjvued 05. ?. A&* 2t> Cotasu& 2» -j
Sheriff Keys, District . Attorney. Gregory
and Constable; Hyde left Benlcia/ Friday
afternoon 1 for the scene and made a thor
ough Investigation. They found; that
Pansacola had left for parts unknown
Wednesday ; morning. The woman men-
When' Barry returned from Black Dia
mond Tuesday night he found that- Potter
was missing from the scow and upon in
quiry in the camp as to what became of
the young man he became suspicious that
there was something wrong. On Wednes
day he' made a thorough search of the
surrounding tules for some trace of Pot
ter or the skiff in which he was supposed
to have. left. Some said that Potter had
left to look for work on a farm, and Bar-,
ry waited until Thursday, thinking that
he "migtifreturn, but as he did not put In
an appearance then Barry decided to re
port the matter to Sheriff Keys at Fair
fleld, as he felt that the. case needed In
vestigation., v
DISAPPEARANCE OP POTTER.
An American woman who lives
on the bay shore near the mouth of the
slough In which Barry's scow was lo
cated says that she saw Potter in the
skiff when he got well out into the bay.
She says that he was approached by a
fishing boat in which was a young Greek
named George Pansacola. She saw the
two boats come together, but tells differ
ent stories of what occurred after that.
She has said that she saw the Greek in
the act of stabbing Potter three times,
and again that she saw no trouble be
tween the two men. She now denies hav
ing seen Potter fall overboard and says
she does not know where the boats went.
BENICIA, Aug. 23.— The finding of the
body of Fred Potter in the bay near Mar
tinez to-day confirms the' suspicion which
has been held by Solano County officers
for several days past that the young man
•was murdered by a Greek fisherman.
Potter, who was 21 years of age and
whose family resides in Los Angeles,
went to work as a boat puller for a Greek
fisherman named Antone Barry some five
or six months ago. The fisherman's camp
Is located on the Sacramento River near
Montezuma Slough. Barry went to Black
Diamond' last Tuesday and in the after
noon of the same day young Potter took
a skiff and rowed toward Duttons Land
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAY YIELDS
UP BODY OF
MISSING LAD
The San Francisco CallThus far in 1900 England has import
ed 19 per cent less foreign grain than
In 1890.
RAWLINS. Wyo.. Au*,. 23.— W. C. Hus
sey, claim agent of the Union Pacific
Company, has made a settlement with th©
estates of forty-one miners who lost their
lives In the Hanna explosion of June SO.
The sum of $S0O will be paid to each wid
ow and $50 to each child, and $15 for each
single man:
Money for Victims' Families.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 23.— The at
torneys for Caleb Powers to-day con
sented to allow their client to make a
speech to the jury In his own defense.
There will be three arguments on a side,
each speech to be three hours long, and
Powers will make the closing argument on
his side. The defense will close to-mor
row at noon, and the jury will be taken
to Frankfort In ' the afternoon. The re
buttal testimony of the State will be pre
sented on, Tuesday, and the argument will
be begun on Wednesday. The case will
go to the jury late on Friday.
Accused Man Will Be Allowed by His
Lawyers to Address the
Jury.
CALEB POWERS TO SPEAX
IN HIS OWN DEFENSE
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Mrs. W. J. Bryan
and' daughter, Miss Ruth Bryan, left to
night for their home at Lincoln, Neb.,
after having spent several days In this
city. One of the objects of the trip was
a visit to. the Hull House Settlement at
Halstead and Polk streets, an Institution
supported by charities for the benefit of
the poorer classes, and conducted by Miss
Jane Addams, the noted sociologist. It
is the intention of Miss Bryan to take up
settlement work, becoming a member of
the Hull House staff, early in the fall.
.. Miss- Bryan, who Is 19 years old. is the
eldest daughter of "W. J. Bryan. She has
been a student at the University of Ne
braska'during the past two years.
Intends to Become a Member of the
Hull House Staff at
Chicago.
BRYAN'S DAUGHTER TO
TAKE UP SOCIOLOGY
ROME; -Aug. 23.— The body of Menottl
Garibaldi, the eldest son of the Italian
patriot, who died yesterday, attired In
evening dress, has been laid on a cata
falque In the largest room of his apart
ment, .which, with sable hangings, has
been transformed into a mortuary chap
el. , Beside the body stand four candel
abra. A vigil is kept by Garibaldian vet
erans. All Menotti's relatives. Including
his. son, Giueseppl; - his brother-in-law.
General Canzi, and his stepmother, Don
na Francisca, have arrived and there has
been a continual repetition of distressing
scenes in the mortuary chamber.
The funeral will take place next' Tues
day at the expense of the state, all the
military and ctvil authorities) attending.
Innumerable telegrams of condolence have
been received. That from King Victor
Emmanuel says:
"His Majesty highly esteemed In Min
notti Garibaldi a man, a fervent patriot,
a valorous soldier and a loyal friend."
First Born of Italian Patriot Will
Receive Military Funeral at
. . ,.v Expense of State.
BODY OF GABIBAUJI'S. SON
• ir XIES IN STATE AT BOME
PARIS, AugT 23.— The result of the
Humbert trial has caused a general feel
ing of relief, many, especially among the
lower classes, having feared till the last
that occillt influences would succeed In
procuring a verdict of acquittal. The in
tense interest .taken in the trial Is shown
by the fact that the presses of the news
papers could not reel off special editions
fast enough.- The -papers were immedi
ately snapped up' and' none reached the.
outlying quarters of Paris until quite late
In the evening^ when they were eagerly
bought at three and four times their reg
ular price. *
in "spite "of "her "defiant attitude when
she received sentence, Madame Therese
Humbert broke down last night on her
arrival in the Concierge Prison and had
*. long crying spell: The male members
of the party, though depressed, bore up
better. - ' \ ¦ . . ''
1 Maitre .Labori, her counsel, visited Ma
dame Humbert this morning and found
her still prostrated, but she obstinately
maintained her innocence and denounced
the sentence as iniquitous. She and her
husband undoubtedly will appeal to the
Court of Cassation on the ground of
technical .irregularities. If successful in
their appeal they will be retried before
another Assize- Court, possibly at Ver
sailles.
LAWYERS ARE DISTRESSED.
Emile and Romain d'Aurignac will not
appeal, as, owing to the time they have
spent in prison awaiting trial, the period
of release on a ticket of leave will arrive
before a rehearing could possibly take
place. -
The defending counsel are greatly dis
appointed at the . result of the trial.
Maitre Labori refused to be Interviewed,
but his colleague, ' Maitre Clunet, ex
pressed his opinion that but .for the ill
timed and futile revelationsC of Madame
Humbert a general acquittal would have
been possible. Several members of the
jury who have given interviews are unan
imous in saying that the person who did
most td secure the conviction of the pris
onors was Madame Therese herself, be
cause her statements irritated the jury
men.
The foreman of the jury declares there
was no difference of opinion concerning
the guilt of Madame Therese and her hus
band, but the Jury's decision in the case
of the two brothers or d'Aurignac was
the result of much d^cussion. Their con-,
de'mnation was based solely on their com
plicity in the swindling operations In con
nection with the Rente Viagere Insurance
concern.
APPEAL Wllili BE TAKEN.
The aged mother of Frederic Humbert
and widow of Senator Humbert, whose
name has been mentioned in connection
with the Crawford swindle and with
whom Madame ; Humbert's daughter and
her sister. Mary d'Aurignac, .are staying,
received the news of tlje .condemnation
from a reporter. She bore up bravely
and' indignantly denounced : the Injustice
of the verdict; declaring that an " appeal
would be made to the Court of Cassation.
She and Eve Humbert were permitted to
see the prisoners this afternoon. Madame
Lucien Humbert, a sister of Madame The
rese, .likewise maintains a firm belief In
the latter's Innocence and declares, that
her father used to talk of Regnier to her
mother.
Y0SEMITE VALLEY.
G. A. B. Excursion via Santa Fe.
$25 GO for the Bound Trip.
¦ In one way and out another over the
"Double Loop." The scenic way Into the
Ypsemlte takes you directly through two
groves of big trees. Special coupon tick
ets covering total expenses from San
Francisco to the valley, five days' trip,
$34 90; seven days, J3S90; ten days, $42 9a.
Holders of G. A. R. tickets reading via
Los Angeles or Santa Re. may make five
day trip from Merced to valley, .with all
expenses, for $29 00. Full Information at
Santa Fe office, 641 Market street. •
Cycling at Copenhagen.
- COPENHAGEN, Aug. 23.— At the Inter
national cycling meeting, which was con
cluded here to-day, the two kilometer pro
fessional championship of the world was
won by Ellegard of Denmark. The 100
kilometer amateur world's championship
was taken by Andemars of Switzerland.
Accept Football Challenge.
The captalna of the Parnell and the Ger.
aldlne football and hurling teams have ac>
cepted the challenge of the Emeralds for
a coast championship contest. It is ex
pected a match will be arranged shortly.
Next day the tramway, and railroad
traffic was stopped, the newspapers did
not appear and the" factories were sur
rounded by troops. Thousands of strik
ers gathered in the market place and a
collision with the military occurred.
Eleven strikers were kllle<y and twelve
wounded before order was restored. Be
fore evening the street cars resumed and
work started .again In some private
workshops.
The' Governor has since announced that
work will be generally resumed on the
railroads and In the factories to-morrow?
measures, being taken to protect the work
men from violence on the part of the
strikers.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 2i— A gen
eral strike began August 20 at Ekaterin
oslav. The troops summoned to restore
order met with a hostile reception, but
dispersed, the crowd after firing a few
shots.
Labor ' Troubles Causes Ces
sation of Traffic and
a Riot.
Swindling Woman Weeps
When She Is Confined
in a Prison.
Eleven Men Are Killed
in a Southern Rus
sia City.
Conviction of the Hum
berts Approved in
~ the Capital.
VERDICT GIVES
PARIS PLEASURE
STRIKERS DIE
DEFYING TROOPS
FOUNDER OF THE LAW AND ORDER
LEAGUE IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
Charles Carroll Bonney, Who Was President of the
' Worlds Congresses of the Columbian Exposition,
Dies in Chicago, After a Three Years' Illness
To such an extent does religion prevail
at Gonoatoa, in the South Seas, that
every man, woman and child on that ils
and who does not go to church' at least
three times a week is liable to be arrest
ed and fined, the fine going to the King.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Robert Stev«nson,
a pioneer wholesale druggist of .Chicago,
is dead, of heart disease/ He was strick
en suddenly while visiting at the home
of friends.
Chicago Pioneer Druggist Dead.
Five Hundred Delegates From All
Parts of the World at
Basle.
BASLE, Switzerland, Aug. 23.— The sixth
Zionist congress opened here to-day un
der th? presidency of Dr. Theodore Herzl
of Vienna. Among the DM delegates from
all parts of the world, including the Unit
ed States and Canada, who assisted at
the opening, were Max Nordau, Sir Fran
cis Montenore and Israel Zangwill, the
novelist.
NOTABLE MEN MEET
AT ZIONIST CONGRESS
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Aug. *23.-The
feature of to-day's session of' the North
American " Kriegerbund encampment was
the parade, In which marched 2000 dele
gates and numerous military and civic
bodies. The Kriegerbund was formally
welcomed this afternoon by an address
by Major Henry S. Steeg, speaking for
the local German societies. A sham bat
tle, representing the battle of 8antlago,
was given at the driving park. The rest
of the afternoon was devoted to prize
drills and band concerts. . . i- ...
Delegates at Terre Haute Enjoy Rep
resentation of the Battle of
Santiago.
KRIEG3RBUND ENCAMPMENT
HOLDS MILITARY PARADE
Foreign securities were very flat, but
improved to some extent on the news of
Turkey's acceptance of the Russian de
mands. Argentine and Brazilian securi
ties have been largely sold by Paris and
Berlin. Kaffirs were very dull.
LONDON, Aug. 23.— The stock market
experienced a listless week. Consols,
which recently hate been poured on the
market without any explainable cause,
closed a trifle better, but the check In the
rally of Americans and the ominous out
look In the Balkans acted as a deterrent
to any healthy legitimate business. Spec
ulators were exceedingly cautious In op
erating In American railroads, but the
belief prevails that a general upward
movement will set In.
Speculators Are Cautious and List
- lesB Week is Experienced
in London.
TROUBLE IN BALKANS
DEPRESSES THE MARKET
Special Dispatch to The Call,
WASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— With Increas
ing persistency rumors are coming here
from foreign capitals that several Im
portant changes In the personnel, of the
Washington diplomatic corps are con
templated. With one exception these
changes will probably not occur until
after the New Year's reception.
Senor Garcia Merou, Minister from Ar
gentina, who has for a long time expected
a transfer to Berlin, will present his
letters of recall at the State Department
this fall if the present programme Is car
ried out, and his successor may reach
Washington by January- 1st. Mr. Marou
has been- accredited to the Washington
government only since October. 1901, but
in that short time, by his- activity and
ability, he won for himself the title of
"dean of South American diplomats." He
was promised the Berlin mission months
ago and has been diligently studying Ger
man since spring. The rarge German
interests In Argentina make the Berlin
post one of great importance In the Ar
gentine service.
.Reports that Count Casslni, the Russian
Embassador, was not to return to Wash
ington this fall because of the Kishinev
incident and its. trying consequences, are
not credited by those in the confidence of
the St. Petersburg, foreign office.. How
ever, It Is gossiped that in the event of
such a change, Count Cassinl will go to
Berlin and* will complete his long diplo
matic career at the German court, where
he was once attached to the Russian em
bassy. Count,Casslni expects to return
to Washington in October or November.
Tho Russian Embassador to Germany I Is
a very -old man and he may ask for re
tirement'at any time. . •
When Slgnor Mayor des Planches,' the
Italian Embassador,- left- Washington thla
summer he said to a diplomatic - con
frere: "I shallsay au revoir to you, but
1 fear It is my good-by to Washington."
The retirement of • the Italian Embassa
dor at Vienna' will result m a shake-up in
the Italian service and Signor, Mayor's
friends say his services will be needed at
4; European capital when the change oc
curs. ' " '*" \-' '" . ' . . " ¦ ••*••-,"
MASSACHUSETTS SAFELY ¦
REACHES NEW YORK HARBOR
Damaged Battleship Will Se Docked
for Repairs at Brooklyn
Navy Yard.
¦ NEW YORK, "Aug. 23.— The United
States battleship Massachusetts, which
was. much damaged on August 12 by strik
ing on a ledge w of rock during a fog while
off the • Maine coast, reached New. York
harbor to-night." *he was convoyed by
the battleship Indiana and the navy tug
Potomac. • i ;
The Massachusetts will go In drVdock,
at the Brooklyn navy yard for repairs.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Aug. 23.— A vigorous
fight will be waged against the. proposed
increase of assessment.upon the old and
new members of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen. A committee repre
senting the protecting members . will re
port at a mass-meeting to be held here
on September 1. The committee has also
addreesed a communication to the Inter
national Fraternal Congress, which will
convene In annual session In Milwaukee
August 25, urging that body to use It3
influence with the supreme officers of the
Workmen to. have Its recent action re
scinded. . .'v-.''v- ">•'/¦
Members of Ancient OTder of United
Workmen Would Have Recent
Action Rescinded.
WILL FIGHT PROPOSED
INCREASED ASSESSMENT
Important. Changes Ex
pected in the Wash
irgton Corps.
HONOLULU, Aug. 23.-Thls city may
within the next few hours be the scene
of a lynching: and the whole community
is stirred up at the prospect. E. M. Jones
shot and killed his divorced wife and
probably fatally wounded her mother,
Mrs. Parmenter. early this morning. Jeal
ousy is assigned as the cause of, the
shooting. Jones' wife quite recently ob
tained a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Jones is a half breed. His wife was a
member of a prominent white family.
After the shooting Jones disappeared
with the threat to commit suicide. There
is talk of lynching him in the event he
Is found alive.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 23.— James Wifrga
pitched twenty-two inning* against the Seattle
team this afternoon in a double-header and
won both games. It was one of the most no
table contests ever seen on the Salt Lake dia
mond, the two games ; being full of features
and brilliant playing by both teams. Wlggs
struck out. a total of twenty men during the
two cames and' allowed but five runs, three of
which were assisted by errors.
The second Eame went thirteen innings,
Seattle tying the score in the. laet half of the
ninth. J Poor fielding by the Northerners in the
thirteenth Inning allowed the Elders to score
two runs. Attendance 3000. Scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Salt Lake ......0 O 0 2 3 0 0 0 O— 5 10 2
Seattle 0 0000002 0—2 8 3
. RaitorVes — Wlggs and Anderson; Hickey^nd
Stanley.
Second pame — ", R. H. E.
Salt Lake -..0001 0 1 0000002— 4 8 4
Seattle .....000000002 000 1—3 8 6
.Batteries — Wljjgs and Anderson; Engle and
Epencer. ¦
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 23.— Tho locals were
easy for Damxnann to-day ar.d the seven hits
off him ¦were loo badly scattered to be effec
tive. Bandelln put up a miserable exhibition
and though he was touched up for only thirteen
cafe hits be was bombarded from the begin
ning of the same until the end. Attendance
1800. The score: «>."-;
R. H. E.
Butt* 0 0 0 10 0 10 1—3' .7 0
SpoKans 1 0 0 0 0 J 0 3 0— tt £3 7
Batteries — Bandelln and Swindells; Dam
maun and Hanson.
WIGGS PITCHES TWO GAMES.
They Go a Total of Twenty-Two Inn
ings at Salt Lake.
Half-Breed Murders His
White Wife and
Escapes. ..
DIPLOMATS MAY
GET NEW POSTS
PORTLAND. Ore.. Aug. a.— Those In
jured In the railroad accident near Che
ti&lis yesterday were brought here on a
special train early this morning. A large
/delegation from the Portland lodge of
iliKs w&s at the Central Station with
Etretchers and ambulances in which to
\>ear the Injured to their homes or to the
*hospltals. All the Injured are resting eas
ily and it Is believed none will die.
Wreck Victims Are Improving.
EMINENT LAWYER, TEACH
ER, AUTHOR AND ORATOR
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
HONOLULU MAY
HAVE LYNCHING
y-^HICAGO, Aug. 23.— Charles Carroll
/j Bonney, who was president of the
WLj World's Congresses of the Colum-
blan ' Exposition,; died here to-day
of "paralysis, after an Illness of
three years. Mr*. Bonney, who was born
In New York State 72. years ago, was
prominent as aj* lawyer, teacher, author
and orator. He' was 'one of. the origina-.
tors of the law and order movement for
the enforcement of existing laws and was
president for many years of the resulting
league. As such he delivered elaborate
addresses throughout the United States'
and Canada. Mr. Bonney was the orig
inator of the series of World's Congresses
held in connection with the World's , Fair.
The, funeral will be held on Tuesday.
OTTAWA. Aug. 23.— The Department of
Marine and Fisheries is determined to put
an end to illegal fishing in the Great
Lakes. It is not the intention of the Gov
ernment, however, to enforce the Jaw
with seven-pounders, us has b**en inti
mated in some Quarters since the Petrel-
Silver Spray incident occurred. It is the
opinion in official circles that the desired
end can be attained "without retorting to
harsh measures, which migrht lead to in
ternational complications. Swift boats
¦will be manned and placed at points in
the Great Lakes, where poaching bas been
carried on on a large scale. They will be
armed with rifles and seven-pounders as
all the patrol boats are now equipped.
Canadian Government Will Ann and
Equip Swift Boats for Running
Down Poachers.
WOULD PREVENT ILLEGAL
FISHING IN GREAT LAKES
and Beville.
DETROIT. Mich.. Aug. 23. — The , game
scheduled to-day between Detroit and Wash
ington will be played as one of a double-head
er to-morrow.
Bevllle.
Second game — R. H. E.
Chicago 3 4 4
New York 1 8 4
Batteries — Patterson and Slatiery; Ho well
Sccor.d game— . . R. H. E.
Ft. Louis 2 7 1
Boston .'. ''.*....'....*.'. 4 14 1
Batteries— Sudhoff and Sugden; Young, Far
rell and CrJiter.
CHICAGO. Aug. 33. — Chicago* 3 errore at
critical moments gave the flret game to New
York to-day. AJ though outbatted two to one
in the second game, the locals bunched their
hits with two errors and scored threp run*. A
base on balls and two errors were responsible
for the only run scored by ilie visitors.- At
tendance 10.825. The scores: • ¦
• First game— .. R. H. E.
Chicago .1 til 4
New York 6 9 3
Batteries— White end eiattery: Griffith and
Boston. • 6 7 1
Batteries — SJevers and Suedcn; Hughes and
J. Stahl.
BOSTON WINS BOTH
GAMI& AT ST. LOUIS
Massachusetts Ballplayers Have All
the Luck in Two Sensational
"Contests.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 23.— Boston won both
frames of a double-header here this afternoon.
Eudhoflf and Young pitched in the second rame
and Boston was lucky . In winning, a triple
play and a double being all that sa\-ed the vis
itors. Both games v.xre full of peneatlonal
playing. Attendance 21,300. Scores:
First *anie- • R. • H. E.
Ft. Louis 3 10 4
PARIS. Aug. 23.— The death of Lord
Salisbury made a deep impression here.
Although the late statesman had retired
i:afi politics, the feeling prevails here
thai his disappearance ¦will contribute to
strengthen the position of Colonial Sec
retary Chamberlain, which circumstance
Is not thought likely to promote friend
ship between the two countries. The
ability, prudence and moderation of the
former Premier are frankly recognized,
though some of his Fareastie utterances
ore recalled. It is acknowledged that
while he firmly upheld Great Britain's in
terests, at the same time he always
strove to prevent a. rupture with France,
and it is admitted that the Fashoda inci
dent would have been far more danger
ous had any other statesman been in
power.
Messages cf condolence are pouring in
at Hatflclfl House, The senders include
Kins Kdward and Queen Alexandra, the
Queen of Portugal and ¦president Loubet.
Touching references were mad« to the
dead statesman in the pulpits of almost
all the churches in the United Kingdom.
There were many visitors to the village
of Hatfield to-day. The parish church
was crowded this morning, the worship
ers including Premier Balfour, the Earl
and Countess of Selborne. the Marquis*
perns and the members of his family and
household.
"The King has received •with profound
regret the news of the death of the Mar
auis of Salisbury, and his Majesty deep
ly deplores the loss of so great a states
man, whose invaluable services to Queen
Victoria, to the King and his country in
the highest offices of state which he held
Tor so rr.any years will ever dwell In the
ccnior)' of his feilow-countryraen."
LOXDOX, Aug. 23.— King Edward's tri
»ute to the deceased Marquis of Salis-
Hzry Is riven In the court circular to
cirht. dated Marienbad, Sunday. It runs
as follows:
The scene to-day was picturesque in
the extreme, when the red-robed Cardi
nal, surrounded by the Bishops and a
number of nuns, clad entirely In white,
proceeded to the symbolic function of
consecration. . The students of. the Amer
ican College came to Rome from their
villa at Castle Gandolfo. especially to as
sist at the ceremony. Cardinal Satolli
later cave a dinner in honor of Bishop
Hendrick. at which Archbishop Harty,
Bishop Cavallari and Monseigneurs Ken
nedy &nd Fowler were present.
Archbisnop Harty has booked his pas-
Sage on La Lorraine, which will leave
Havre for New York Augrust Bishop
Hendrick, who has received instructions
regarding the Philippines from the Sec
retary of State, will have a private audi
ence with Pius X and will afterward
leave for Ireland.' as he wishes to have
Irish nuns and monks sent to his diocese
of Cebu for teaching purposes. He also
desires that several Irish priests be sent,
at least for a time.
ROME, Au«. 23.— The consecration of
the Hev. Thomas A. Hendrick of Roches
ter, N. Y., as bishop of Cebu, P. 1., was
performed this morning . by . Cardinal
Satolli in tne Church of the Franciscan
Missionary Nuns.
The occasion acauired special import
ance because one of Cardinal Satplli's
assistants at the function was Archbishop
Harty, Metropolitan of the Philippine
Islands, while contemporaneously Cardi
nal Satolli consecrated Monseigneur Cav
allari as titular Bishop of Philadelphia,
Asia Minor, whom Lie Pope has appointed
pro-Vioar of Venice. Pius X still keeps
for himself the Patriarchate, thus avoid
ing a revival of the question whether the
Italian Government has -the right to
choose the Patriarch of Venice, which it
claimed when Sarto was appointed to
that post. *
Cardinal Satolli Officiates at
the Solemn Ceremony
in Rome.
Sxpresses Royal Regret in
Court Circular From
Marienbad.
England's King Pays a
Tribute to Dead
Statesman.
Ecclesiastical Honor Is
Conferred on Rev.
T. A. Hendrick.
HONORS MEMORY
OF SALISBURY
BISHOP OF CEBU
IS CONSECRATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI/, MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903.
2
KAST'S
KASTBLLA
SHOES;
FOR WOMEN \
THIRTY
SEVEN v
STYLES.
ALL LEATHERS.
TURIM OR WELTED SOLES
Price ¦•$>Ji5.0
TBADe S^""9^~^[ MAI "!_ 1 1.1 1 . ""
Thin babies become plump
babies when frd with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Whether you Done your baby er uw Mel-
lin's Food you will find our book, " Tho
Care and Feeding; of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will bo sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
SOWM/AN
"Kins of cD Battled Beers.- C
y Brewed fcrora Bohemian Hop$»
80U>:eve&vwM£Be:
HILBERT MKRCA^ITILE CO..
- Pacific Coast Asents. 1
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leaT. Saa Frau»«
Cisco as follows:
For Ketcnlkaa. Jnnrao.
Haines, fikasway, etc. Alas-
ka— 11 a. m.. August 4. 9.
14, 19. 24. 23. Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattla.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port TownsenJ. Seattla. T»-
conia. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Auruat 4.
9. 14. 19. 24. 29. 'Sept. 3. Chans* at Seattle
to this company's steaders for Alaska and O.
N. Ry.: at Seattla for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
! at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka jHumboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:SO
p. to.. Aurust 2. 8, 14. SO, 23, Sept. 1; Corona,
1 :3O p. m.. August 3. 11. 17. 23. 26. Sept. 4.
- For Los Anseles (via Port Los Angeles ao4
Redocdo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and -East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cay u cos. Port Harfbrd
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenema.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. August 5. 13. 21. 29.
Sept. a.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Ante. 17. 23. Sept. 3. .*
For Enaenada. Uagdalena Bay. San Jose, del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Re-
tails. Ouaymas (Max.). 10 a. m.. Tth ot eaea
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OPFICXS — I New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharf.
Krelght office. 10 Market street. ¦••¦>-
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21. SI. "O«org» OT.
Elder" calls Aug. 16. 28. Only steamship Una
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points Fast. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
gt. at 11 a. m. 3. F. BOOTH. Gen. Airt. Pass.
Dect. 1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD.. Ceo.
Act. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an-1
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOH AMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and- connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing
S. S AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28. 190fl
8. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19 1002
S. S. NIPPON MARU
• — Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OeeanlcS.s.co. gaswa
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Aug. n J in.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 5. 1.1 a.m.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
4J.S7KKUS& 5MJ.C3., ijtJ..TieS3t8!fte,S43 Srtt!3
frtisil JJSm.323 Ertft3t..fjtrJU. 7. Pass ft
COMPAGNIS GENERALS TRAN SATLASTIQC2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JtJ*+m
galling tv«ry ThuruJay lajte*d ot «A*S^
Saturday, at 10 a. ra., from Pier 42. •«=3ffiKji
North River, foot ¦ of Morton street. •
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. °ee»
end-class to Havre. S4S and upward. "'•^
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. PaclflJ Coast
Agent*. 6 Montgomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Asmia.
-. Mare Island ana VaUcjo .Steaacpk
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. M:30 p. m. Leave \allejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, * p. nv. ex. iJunJiy- oua-
day. 1 a. ra., 4:13 p. m. Fare. 80 « nt *-.-J,*i
Main 1508. Pier 2. Missloa-st. doci. HATCH
BROS. "
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given, away FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room; picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
10]/ 2 xl5y 3 . . '
Sale of 1
Neekwear
'Tbese are regular 50c Ues, but to go 1
!more into detail we call your attention to 1
" The material is a pure silk from the It
looms of Lyons, France. The ties are g
made up by one of the best neckwear |
manufacturers in the United States. g]
The designs and colorings are Persian. |
The colors' are gray, bronze, copper, brown |
and garnet harmoniously combined. The i
shapes are tecks and reversible four-in- 1
hands. The sale price is |
i'- '''*?yf wa ' *~ j^ v r^*sr* / Caen ijV
ilSfc^'^t'i^ All-wool . sweaters in combination stripes, fancy pine- (fl
apple stitch, sizes 34 to 44; good value at $1.50. ||
vi'tfClil^^ Out-of-town orders filled— write us. fjj
•i^^^ 740 Market Street J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREWSTER'S"
MILLIONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
| AT
__X"V a, i
ALL BOOK STORES
BUY IT TO-DAY
MARTIN'S COFFEE
Postal to iVX and 215 Mission St.
WHEELER MARTIN.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
{E9USEUH OF AHATOHY^
\ Or Tbe L» r i:'« AjutMsical MnseiUB is (he \
4 aJbk *'ctid. Uukneuc* or ujr cnnrKtcd £
¦ JESS) djiew ,.,^ br tllt .kjc f
O ffc H I i>P«Ci*!!»! on Uxe Cout. E»t. 36 year*. ©
d AM£*g DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
a lS/»4^H Cor.'ultttioo her »r.<J strictly prirate. \
0 I J&«H T '»» : '« 1 « 1 « prnoni'.y ot by letter. A A
\ I ff MB /"••»*•« Omrt ia ererycaM undertake*. T
h F Jj 11 V w 'tf for Hck.ron.OsorHY.f i
" d P n*HHI»ti;. MAILED FkEa. (AY
A O U- *»lu*b)c book (or nro) - \
V OB. JOBDiN * CO.. 1051 Market Ht.,8. P. 9
|U^ FAVORITE
pESCRIPTION
I M FOR WEAK WOMEN,
1 \
BASWaT'S BEADY REUEF has stood
usrlvaie4 belor* th* public for 60 yean aa a
Pain Remedy. It lastanUy relieves and quickly
.cures all -Cold*. Sor* Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pc*umonia, Rheumaticm, Keuralg-l*.
Headache, Tootbacb* and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all BoweU Pain*. All druggl*?*.ROME. Aujr. 23. — The Duke of Abruzzi has
postponed until next Saturday his departure on
board the cruiser Llguria for a Journey around
the world.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— James Jones,
an employe of Carl Sweeney's saloon, at
tended a ball game at Oak Park this af
ternoon. He attempted to board the
caboose of a passing freight train to ride
into the depot, when he was struck by the
steps of the car. He was hurled some
twenty feet from the train and when he
was picked up it was found his hip was
fractured and that both ankles were dis
located. It cannot be told as yet whether
he will recover.
Struck by Steps of a Car.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 23.— The cruiser
Marblehead and gunboat Concord arrived
here this evening to remain until Friday.
It is presumed that the vessels will visit
Portland asain this /season in response
to the reauest by the city to the Navy
Department that they be detached from
the North Pacific Squadron to be present
here durinythe Multnomah Athletic Club
carnival in September.
Marblehead\and Concord at Portland.
Bourassa's remarks were loudly ap
plauded and strong anti-imperial resolu
tions favoring the maintenance of the
status quo were adopted.
fn the event of war with the United
States, Bourassa said that the State of
New York alone could pour more troops
into Canada than the entire military force
of the Dominion. He did not wish a
rupture with the mother country
unless Chamberlain and the "Jingoes'*
forced their views on the people* of Cana
da, in which event the empire would
break up. He was in favor of the status
quo being maintained until Canada was
strong enough to strike out for herself.
Referring to Lord Minto. Bourassa de
scribed him as a good disguised rider of
English race-horses and a creature of
Chamberlain. Lord Mlnto had no more
right to take sides on such & question
than had the world's great peacemaker.
King Edward, and in doing so he acted
not as the representative of the sover
eign, but of Chamberlain.
MONTREAL, Aug. 23.— Henri Bourassa,
member of the Canadian Parliament and
formerly secretary of the Joint Commis
sion, made a sensational speech at ft
meeting of the French Canadians held
here to-night. .
Bourassa denounced the action of tile
Chambers of Commerce of the empire in
asking Canada to aid In Imperial defense,
and attacked Lord Mlnto, the Governor
General, for his speech in favor of the
preferential trade idea. Canada, he de
clared, should not contribute a cent* to the
defense of the empire. England should
provide the fleet and army necessary to
protect the provinces she acquired, and
pay for them without calling on a colony.
Canada would have enough to do to de
fend herself.
Special Dispatch to The Call. >^
Sensational Address by Former Sec*
retary of the Joint Corami*
eion in Which He Attack* $
the Governor General.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 23.— From East
ern ' Adrianople come reports of more
• fighting, which so far appears to be re
sulting chiefly in favor of the revolution
ists. Many villages have been burned and
their inhabitants have ' taken refuge
across the Bulgarian frontier. After a
long Hght. at' Stoiloro the insurgents de
feated • a. detachment of Turkish troops,
whlcn lost twenty killed, and wounded.
At ' Chanagasko, near Surovlcovo, the
insurgents are reported to have annihil
ated an entire .Turkish regiment. At "Bu
lankzera, near. Tirhovo, seventy-flve revo
lutionists are credited with defeating a
Turkish battalion. The villages ot Ander
mls and Enrik, near Vallslko, have been
burned to ashes. y-~,-;\7' \- ; >- '
The Turks have . bombarded and de
stroyed the monastery of Constantlne,
near 'Loseiigrad, where fifty Insurgents
had fortified themselves. The villages* of
Bakdgib, Konakara, Ev'ren, Dlngisco and
Brusheva have all been burned, and their
Inhabitants have fled. ' The large village
of Drumbegle,' near Losengrad, has been
burned by BashiBazouks. The villages of
Destruction of Villages and Desperate
Fighting Continues.
REVOLUTIONISTS VICTORS.
Bourassa Enters a Protests
Against Aid for the
Empire.
The United States training ship Alli
ance, which has been In the 1 harbor for
the past week, sailed to-night under or
ders of Rear Admiral Barker. It is ru
rnorcd that her presence was distasteful
to the defending forces, which, It is said,
thought her a spy.
Major Welch, N. G. S. M., late this aft
ernoon captured the wireless . telegraph
station near the Two Lights and put a
guard into the building to prevent Elec
trician Barbank, who was In charge, from
giving any information to the enemy,
with whom he Is supposed to be In league.
rtOCKLAND, Me.. Aug. 23.— The ves
sels of Rear Admiral Barker's attacking
squadron still remain in the harbor. There
are conflicting reports as to when they
will leave, the general belief being that
they will not do so before Monday after
noon, although they may depart between
midnight and daybreak. %
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 23.-Major Gen
eral Chaffee, who is to be the commander
of the army In the war maneuvers at this
port this week, arrived here to-day. 'With
him were General Barry, Captain Harper
and Captain "Walker. Major Harrison ar
rived to-night. Colonel LIvermore and
Colonel Dunwoody, the other offlcers who
are to be associated with General Chaf
fee, have been in- the city for several
days.
"How busy we in the army will be for
the next few days will, of course, depend
on the navy." said General Chaffee. "The
troops will be over this vicinity— that will
be their part in the affair. Neither the
army nor the navy Is playing for *icto
rles in this game. On the contrary, we
are . trying to eliminate any idea that
there may be a contest. It is a test and
practice of material more than anything
else.
"I will go about to various places here
to-morrow and Tuesday, visiting the
camps and -forts. Probably I will also
do this every day. But during the most
of the time I presume I will be on Cush
ing's Island, my headquarters, or on my
little boat, the yacht Kanawha, which
will probably get in here- to-night She
Is on her way from New York."
General ChafCee stated that Colonel W.
F. Stewart of Fort Hancock, N. Y., will
succeed Colonel Mills as the commander
of the military post3 In and about Port
land, and that this change will take place
within a month, or. as s«Jon as the New
York troops now here return to their
home posts.
shipped at Salonica yesterday with great
pomp on board the Russian Embassy
guardshlp Teretz. 1 The Turkish ' civil and
military authorities attended the cere
mony. The Teretz sailed for Odessa.
remains of the murdered Consul were
Takes Up Headquarters for
Maneuvers on Cush
ing's Island.
Member of the Parlia
ment Denounces
Lord Minto.
General Will Direct the
I^ef ense of Main
Coast.
MAKES WAR
UPON POLICY
IN CANADA
GHAFFEE I S NOW
IN COMMAND
FRENCH DIPLOMAT IN TUR
KEY AND OFFICERS OF THE
SULTAN. r
BUCHAREST, Roumania, Aug. 23.— The
Bulgarian and Greek subjects residing in
Roumania have 1 been ordered by the re
spective governments to return to their
homes without delay In order to be reaay
for mobilization.
Bulgarian 1 and Greek Subjects Are
Ordered to Leave Roumania.
MUST RETURN TO HOMES.
SALONICA, Turkey, Aug. 23.— Ferid
Pasha, the Grand Vizier, is coming to
Macedonia to inspect the vilayets. It is
stated that the palace has telegraphed
strict orders to the Turkish commanders
to' avoid excesses. It is further reported
that the militia commission at Constanti
nople has decided to call out sixty fresh
battalions of iRedlfs.from Asia Minor.
Sixty Battalions of Redifs to Be
Taken From Asia Minor.
WILL CALL OUT MILITIA.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23.— Sympathizers with
Macedonia held a meeting at Hull House
to-day and framed resolutions denun
ciatory of the Sultan's Government,
which they will send to President Roose
velt. The memorial to the President asks
that a note be sent from the United
States to all of the European powers ex
presslng # Indignation and horror at the re
cent eve'nts in Macedonia and urging the
powers to Interfere for the sake of hu
manity. • y ,".*,.>
Macedonian Sympathizers in Chicago
Send Resolutions to Roosevelt.
DENOUNCES TURKISH RULE.
The Turkish Government has organized
a special court at Monastir to try the
captured insurgents. The tribunal is com
posed of a Turkish president, three other
Turks, two Greek and one Albanian. It
will partake of. the character of a crim
inal court and not of a court-martial.
Buch, with 300 houses, and Rakoro, 200
houses, situated in the vilayet of Mona
stir, have also been burned by Turkish
troops. The women ¦ and children from
these f villages . are now begging in the
streets of Monastir. -
The proposed ocean cable from Co
penhagen to Iceland will bo 404 miles
long and will cost about 9850,000.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug.* 23.— The close
contest between Mayor Tom - L. John
son of Cleveland, and John L. Zimmer
man of Springfield, for the gubernatorial
nomination, has caused more interest in
the Democratic State convention this
week than for many years. While both
claim a majority of the 690. delegates, the
result uepends on the settlement of con
tests involving 143 delegates. These con
tests are expected to prevent .two Con
gressional districts, at Cincinnati, and
one at Cleveland, from participating In
the selection of members , of the* commit
tees, so v .it the committee on credentials
may have only eighteen members voting
on the first contest that • is Dassed on.*
With the, custom ofHaklng up 'the con
tests in alphabetical order, that \ of Cuy
ahoga County would come', first, and it
would likely be decided in favor of John
son, so that there would-be nineteen vot-
Tom Johnson Is Having
No Walkover in Ohio
Convention. *
YOSEMITE VALLEY, Aug. 23.— The bi
annual Indian powwow and dance of the
Piute and Digger Indians began here -to
night with good-sized representations
from the different tribes located through
out the Yosemite Park and the' high
Sierras. The ceremonies were opened
with horse races from Sentinel Dome to
Sentinel Hotel this afternoon, the prin
cipal events being taken by Coyote Kid
and Smiling Jim.
In the evening the first of a series of
feasts was held at the rancherlo located
at the southern end of the valley and was
presided over by Uncle Paul and Mrs.
Uncle John, both of whom are more than
100 years of age. All were in full Indian
evening dress. Uncle Paul spoke elo
quently of the time when the noble red
man hunted the big grizzlies and the fleet
deer up and down the valleys and across
J the mountain tops from Glacier Point to
Mono Lake, and of feasts and dances at
tending the bringing in of the large game.
His remarks were listened to with grave
attention by the younger members of the
tribe as they sat before the campfire
smoking the pipe of peace. After the elo
quence had died away the war dances be
gan, led by stalwart Tom Lunton and
Sal lie Ann and consisted of numerous
contortions around the huge bonfires of
blazing logs. [ After the dance presents of
fine beads, wirework, baskets, tomahawks,
knives and other articles dear to the In
dian heart were presented to the visiting
members of the gathering. The dances
will last four days. This is the first dance
the Indians have given in five years, al
though meetings were held in Ahwahnee
four years ago and in M^riposa two years
ago. The dance was attended by a large
number of Grand Army., of the Republi6
veterans who are at the Sentinel Hotel. !
Grand Army Veterans at the Sen
tinel Hotel Are Interested
Spectators.
Y0SEHHTB PARK INDIANS
HOLD POW-WOW AND DANCE
EXPRESS TRAIN
JUMPS TRACK
presence tended to encourage the insur
rection.
On the receipt of a favorable reply from
St. Petersburg M. Zinovieff telegraphed
the order of withdrawal to Admiral
Krieger, commanding the Russian squad
ron at Iniada. .
A rumor has been current that the Sul
tan appealed to the German Emperor to (
use his good offices at St. Petersubrg in
favor of the recall of the Russian squad
ron.
An extraordinary Council of Ministers
assembled at the Yildlz Kiosk yesterday
to consider the situation In the interior
and discuss the military measures ren
dered necessary by It. The Sultan had oh
Friday sought the advice of the French
Embasaador.
News from Adrianople represents the
situation In that vilayet as verging on a
panic. The Insurgents have destroyed
telegraphic communication at
points between Adrianople and Kirk-
Kllisseh, sixty-five miles to the north
east, and have burned and pillaged sev
eral Greek and Mussulman villages, In
cluding Kavakll and Kizilji, southwest of
Kirk-Kilisseh. Troops • have been dis
patched to the environs of Adrianople. .
Two sailing vessels crowded with Mus
sulman refugees from villages on the
Black Sea coast have arrived at Kavak,
at the • entrance of the Bosphorus. At
Monastir a Mussulman called the Italian
Consul a "giaour." Strong feeling- pre
vails among the Mussulmans at Salonlca
and Monastir on account of the execu
tion of M. . Rostkovski' s murderers. The
H-H-M-M"I"M"I-H K~I->H~HrI":-i-H-i'
Ing on the contests from Gallia, "Hamil
ton and other counties. , .. -
The preliminary contests extend ,to all
parts of the organization of the conven
tion. Johnson says he could not make
the race on a Zimmerman platform. .and
Zimmerman ' savs ; he could not run bn ; a
Johnson platform. Both are seeking a
majority of the Committee on! resolutions.
Engine Crew Killed in
Wreck of New York
• Special.
Carpenter Accused of Swindling.
*CHICO;'Aug. 23.— J. H. Bernard, a car
penter,, was arrested here this evening on
a charge of obtalnlng,money by false pre
tenses. Bernard went to J. O. Simms and
asked for $15 until the Bank of Butte
County r opened Monday. In ; payment he
drew a check on that institution for the
amount. . Shortly afterward it was , found
that Bernard i had no money 'on deposit.
When! arrested - Bernard was drunk and
had spent all the money. .
8AN DIEQO, Aug. 23.— Lieutenant Colonel
A. W. Vogdes, in command of the army post
here, has been .' ordered to - take ' comman J of
the artillery district- of *. Key -West,-' Fla.v- He
came to this city at. the close ; of the .Spanish
war - and , has - rendered admirable service in
building up and promoting the efficiency of the
local post.. ; . '. ¦• . , - . - . .¦
.LITTLE FALLS. N/T., Aug. 23.— A spe
cial train . on the New York Central car
rying New York newspapers was wrecked
at Gulf bridge, 'in this city, to-day. En
gineer Robert . Lilly and Fireman' Peter
Conley, '•! both of -Albany,, were killed, and
employes of the World,- Sun, Rochester
News. Company,* American and Journal
were .severely injured.
. Conductor ' Erhardt and several other
member's of the train's crew were slight
ly injured.- . ... »
The. train, which 'was running at the
rate of 'a, mile a minute, was composed
of an engine and three express .cars. In
rounding the sharp Gulf bridge curve the
engine 'jumped- the track and landed at
the '; foot of i the : embankment in : a ! road
way. - The , front car, iri which were all
of those Injured, followed the engine down,
the slope. .
Ex-Supervisor Handley of Los Angeles
County is the only applicant thus far for
the position of Warden.
Prisoners will be more closely watched
at Folsom than hitherto.
Tne board paroled Antone Keuches with
a year to serve, Wong Gow with four
years to serve, and C. E. Ranlett with
seven years to serve.
LONDON, Aug. 34.— Saturday's race for
the America's cup receives an ample
share of attention in this morning's pa
pers. Both In the editorials and in the
dispatches from the .New York corre
spondents of the papers it ia unanimously
admitted that the Reliance proved her
self the better boat in a fair and square
contest. Only the most slender hopes a? a.
entertained as to Sir Thomas Upton's
chances now of "lifting" the cup. Great
sympathy and admiration are extended
to him for his plucky and sportsmanlike
fight. Little comment is made regarding
the remeasurement episode, but satisfac
tion is expressed that it was Sir Thomas
LJpton himself who decided the necessity
for again measuring the Shamrock III.
London ITetrspapers Admit the Su
periority of the American Yacht.
GIVE RELIANCE CREDIT.
EACH CANDIDATE
CLAIMS MAJORITY
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 23. — The
Porte's reply accepting the Russian de
mands was delivered twelve hours after
the presentation of the Russian note— a
promptitude most unusual in the history
of Turkish diplomacy. .Tewfik Pasha, the
Foreign Minister, and Naurn Pasha there
upon called on M. Zinovieff, the Russian
Embassador, and requested the with
drawal of the Russian .squadron from
Turkish waters, on the ground that its
Sultan's Delay in Acquiescence Only
of Few Hours' Length.
FEAJEt HASTENS REPLY.
"The Porte has taken the following
measures to fulfill the demands of the
Russian government: In addition to the
condemnation and execution of M. Rost
kovskl's murderers and the punishment of
their accomplices, those offlcers who made
disrespectful allusions to M. Rostkovski
are dismissed from service. A careful
search is being made for the persons who
fired *at' the Consul's carriage. All the of
ficials, twenty-four in number, whosa
names were handed to the Porte as ob
jects of unfavorable comment by the Rus
sian Embassador, are relieved of their
posts and handed over to Justice. All pri
vate persons mentioned in the same list
as guilty of various offences will likewise
be tried.
"Ismael Haki Pasha, the Chief of Po
lice at Palanka, Province of Uskub, is
restored to his post. The persons under
arrest for accusing Mussulmans of out
rage and abuse are liberated. Hussein
Hilmi, Inspector general of Macedonia, Is
reprimanded. The chief of the gendar
merie and police at Salor.lca are replaced.
"The Porte has ordered the appoint
ment to tho gendarmerie of several for
eign offlcers, whose names will be an
nounced later, and. finally, all the mili
tary, clvll^and judicial authorities have
received the strictest orders to take meas
ures to secure order and tranquillity."
The news has reached St. Petersburg
from Brussels that the Porte has re
quested Belgium to nominate four offi
cers for the Turkish gendarmerie.
ada, Eastern European Turkey,
Auguet 19, to support Russia's demands
on the Sultan, growing out of the assas
sination of M. Rostkovski, Russian Con
sul at Monastir. has been recalled to Se
bastopol, the squadron's point of depart
ure. The squadron is on the way.
The followed a notification from
the Porte that the Sultan had ordered all
the Russian demands to be complied with.
The dispatch received from M. Ztnoylcff.
Russian Embassador at Constantinople,
announcing that the Sultan had yielded
completely to Russia's ifrmands, was as
follows:
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug 23.— The
Russian Black Sea squadron,
which was ordered to Turkish
waters and which arrived at Ini-
INDIANAPOLIS. Ang. 23.— Tne pleasure
steamer Indiana sank in th« Indianapolis
Water Company's canal at JRalrvlew Park
at Ivere to-night. Th« park officials think
nobody was drowned, but J. N. Oliphant
of Infiiaaapolis and P. E. Berts of Ander
son. Ind-, who were passengers, say that
they saw a weman with a baby sink. They
did cot see them coma to tea surface
again and feel sure thay were drowned.
About fifr-- people were on board when
the vessel «.•- :-.k. about threw -quart era of a
mile above its starting point in the canal,
which is about eight mile-s long and runs
from Indianapolis t» Broad Ripple Park.
The canal 3s narrow and from ten to fif
teen feet dee? in the middle. It Is not yet
certain what Best the steamer to the bot
tom. Defective machinery, overloading on
one tide and leaks are blamed.
Skiffs in the canal aided in the work of
rescue of fainting women and children.
Betts, •who sa^s he yaw the woman and
baby drown, saved Eis wife as she sank
the third tiiae. She weighs over 200
pounds.
Thirty persor.9 w«re thrown into the
vaster when the boat sank. Several of the
male passengers did heroic work Jn get
ting them to shore. They were aided by
the ship'* crew. Much additional excite
ment "was caused by several men on the
boat, who begins pinicsstricken and tried
to throw women and children Into the
water. Search is being Tcade to see if any
bodies are at th<» bottom of the canal.
MclvEESPORT, Pa.. Aug. 23.— Th- An
nie Roberts, aa excursion boat. carryinB
1500 passensTfrs, sank here to-night, but no
one was drowned. The boat had been up
the river xrt'.h the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians and th«-ir g-uests from Plttsburg on
their annual outing.
On th»» return trip when approaching
this place it was discovered that the ves
sel was rarely filling Trtth water, and
Captain Klein, without letting his passen-
Rers know of tb» condition, ordered the
pilot to bead for the wharf. This was
quickly done, and when the boat was
within twmtv-flve feet of shore she sank
In about six foot of water. The excursion
ist* were an taken off without fatality by
aear.s of skiffs and barges.
"When the boat sank th« Sower deck was
covered with water to a depth of about
six inches. Women and children became
panic-stricken, and there were many nar
row escapes from drotrnlns durjee the
transfer frcm boat to shore.
CONVICT MURPHY IS CAPTURED,
The report of the investigation will be
prepared as soon as possible* and for
warded to the Governor. Warden Wilkin
son's conduct of prison affairs will not
be criticized, but the blame for the out
break will be laid to the lack of outside
walls and of a sufficient force of guards.
FOLSOU INQUIRY ENDS.
Directors Issue Order "to Guards to
Shoot.
The Board of Prison Directors' con
cluded its Investigation of the outbreak
at Folsom penitentiary yesterday and re
turned to San Francisco. The prison
guards have received orders to shoot es
caping prisoners in the future, even if
• -Beers or other freemen are being used
as shields by the felons.
"I secured lhe rifles which are the ones
taken frcsn the penitentiary. There is
surely one more cf the men in this dis
trict besides the two In Reno to-night,
as I am aositive there were three of
them together *t Genoa. I have lost the
trail of the third man. but hope to pick
!t up again. 1 Trill not give up my chase
wn!2e I riave a chance or a clew to work
upon."
"I foxmfl tiie trail of the convicts at
Summit, CaU the dar after n-affner's
r4a<* vras robbed and followed it to Lake
Valley, from then? to PWp«J Station, and
thence Into .Nevada by waj- of Eake Ta
hoe. After jrcliyr over the Nevada line
I lost the trail for a few days but picked
it up again et Genoa. Ths convicts then
went to Carson Valley, where one of them
put in several days working on a ranch.
On Saturday they sold their riffles to an
Indian in Carson Valley. *
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Hundreds of Pleasure Seekers Are
Panic-Stricken Mid Have Narrow
Escapes Wnile Beaching
Shore From Vessels.
Woman and a Babe Reported
Drowned in the Canal
Water.
The Shamrock III will be measured In
the morning, returning here in the after
nocc- • . .
This was true, for an hour before the
committee arrived the tug Cruiser had
taken the two Shamrocks in tow and was
proceeding to the ETTa Basin. No sooner
had the Shamrocks left than Captain Barr
sent a line to his tender, and the Reliance
went out beyond the Hook. The crow
raised mainsail and jib, but the captain
was undoubtedly Just trying the set of
her sails, for he only cruised a little and
returned in an hour. Sir Thomas, in the
Krin, followed the two Shamrocks up to
the city, and later the Reliance's tender
also went up to the city. This left the
Reliance alone and she held receptions all
day lonr to admiring crowds of enthus
iasts.
SAXDT HOOK, N. J., Aug. 23.— There
was xnoro than ordinary busUe for Sun
day inside Sandy Hook to-day. The John j
Scully, one of the New York Tacht Club j
boats, canve down from the city bearing >
the racing committee at an early hour, j
and the reasa23 for remeasuxlng the j
Shamrock were carefully gone over. Sir j
Thomas Llpton said that Me. Fife had
been informed that they need not carry
chain or anchor.
"However." he added, "I have, no ob
jection to offer and no fault to find, and,
as you see, I have sent the Shamrock up
to the dock."
Defender Goes Beyond Sandy Hook I
to Try Her Sails. i
After 3eei3s the challenger drydocked
Sir Thomas took a party of guests in the
Erin to Seagate, where they attended di
vine servloe on board Commodore Tod's
stesia yacht Thistle, after which the Erin
we^it rp the North River to afford the
Earl and Coaatcss of Sh&f tesbury and the
other, foreign visitors an opportunity to
vtelx Grant's tomb. This evening Sir
Thomas and bis guests attended a dinner
at the Oriental Hotel, Manhattan Beach,
tt which General J. C. Bates and General
Corbia were present. The race on Tuesday
will be over a triangular course.
The Reliance took a short spin outside
&mdy Hook to-night and then returned
to her moorlRgs-
SELIA2TCE TAKES SPDT.
The Shamrock I also was towed to the I
basin, where she will await her owner's .
disposition. '
It Is unlikely that the remeasurement
will alter the time allowance In any ap
preciable degree. a% Sir Thomas said that
should the additional weight of anchor
and chain, which will be aboard when the
tape la passed ovar her, Increase her sail
ing length, the original figures will be re
stored by the removal of other weights.
NEW YORK, Aug. 23.— The Shamrock
III was towed to-day from her moorings
inside Sandy Hook to the Brie Basin,
where she was at once placed In drydock.
When the water had been pumped out
it was found that the straining to which
she had been subjocted in the heavy
windward thresh yesterday had appar
ently started some of the rivet*, for a
ganj? of dockyard hands was set to" work
tightening them up. The damage, how
ever, appeared to be but trifling. Her
beam was found to need only a little pol
ishing and when she was refloated she
was ready for the measurement, which
will be taken early to-morrow morning,
after^Tvhich she will return to her mOOr
ingS. *
Rezneasurement Will Not
Greatly Alter Time
Allowance.
Two Excursion Steam
/ ers in the East Meet
Disaster.
PASSENGERS
FLEE WHILE
BOATS SINK
Some of the Challenger's
Rivets Pound to Have
Been Started.
SHAMROCK GOES
ON THE DRYDOCK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY^ AUGUST 24,
Black Sea Squadron Which Had Been Ordered to Iniada to Support the De
mands of the Czar's^ Government After a ConsuTa Assassination Is
Recalled to Await the Sultan's Action— Revolutionists Make Advance
RUSSIA'S THREATENING WARSHIPS
DEPART FROM THE TURKISH WATERS
3
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN OLDEN TIMES
People Were Content to Take Things
Easier Than Now.
If our forefathers could behold the mod-
rrn locomotives, automobiles and electric
cars thev would hold up their hands in
astonishment.
The stagecoach was fast enough then-
people were more content to take things
ea?y. . a~ •"',
Th<?v used to be satisfied with any sort
of a "hair lotion that came alone— If it-
dfd not prevent baldness they thought it
was because baldness could not be pre-
vented.
It's different now. People know that
perms cause baldness and that Newbro's
HerpScide kills the germ, thus curing
dandruff and preventing baldness.
Sold by lpadins druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
fte Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the S]j? SZfj-*-^
Signature of L^uz^/ZTcm/l//^
It does an honest concern
no harm to watch it.
Moneyback Schilling's Best
at your grocer's.
"JUST GATHERED,"
The vbeautif ul fruit study to be
given away FKEE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room • picture
if framed. closely in ebony: and
ornamented burnished gold, size'
10^x15^.- •• :" :/;.
i , m< ____, —-______- J-JM— «— wiim.jji 'iniii. ii-iip'iiiwiiiiwww*^. -
¥ 1
' ¦ -
Bra ¦ wP ra?*. bbS
To dress well
does not require a large expense — it merely involves good" |
judgment in selecting a reliable value at a price consist- 4
ent with quality. i
'. Our made-to-order clothing is sold at the very low-
est prices the quality of the goods and a safe business
policy warrant.
Through many advantages we are in a position to
offer the best made-to-order clothing for the price of any
store on this coast.
This fact is vividly exemplified in the wear of. our '
garments. . '. \
Protection with every purchase — a liberal guarantee, i
Suits to order from i
<&1 f% 11 r% !
Samples freely given for the asking. |
,- • ¦ ~ — i
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled —
satisfactory fit assured through our self-measuring system— a
write for samples. ' ; 9
740 Market St. and I
Cor. Powell and Eddy. 1 -fVENISON-M. D., City. During the
open season venison may be shipped from
Lake County to San Francisco, but it
must be plainly marked, "Venison," and
have on the package the name of the
sender and the one to whom consigned.
THE DONNER PARTY— N. T.. Santa
Rosa, Cal. A history of the Donner party
was written several years ago by C. F.
McGlashan, then and still a. resident of
Truckee, Cal.
FREIGHT— W. C. F., Georgetown, Cal.
For freight rates address a letter of in
quiry to either of the transportation com
panies describing the character of arti
cles to be shipped.
is very strong and the better sorts far
excel the finest lawns in texture. It
chiefly is in the form of ladies' handker
chiefs, which often have their costliness
increased by beautiful embroidery.
Walter , Raymond,- proprietor '. of the
hotel at Pasadena which bears his name,
is registered at the Palace.
Professor R. A. Penrose Jr. of Arizona,
who has been examining mining proper
ties in Alaska, returned yesterday and 13
at the Palace.'
Dr. C. H. Goodwin of Chicago is at the
Grand.
Senator Chester Rowell of Fresno is at
the Palace.
Dr. W. A. Cox and wife of Mollne, 111.,
are guests at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PINA* CLOTH— E. L., City. Pina cloth
is a very beautiful fabric of the fibers
of the leaves of the pineapple plant and
its allied species. The. cloth is made only
in Manila, and its manufacture resembles
horsehair, cloth, because the threads, both
of warp and weft, are each single unspun
fibers, consequently only- small pieces can
be made. . The workers have, however, a
plan of joining ; the fibers of the coarser
kindu end to end; so as to make warD
A Chicago thief, ironed and chained to his captor
on a train that was carrying him back to prison,
c.ucht the detective asleep, rifled the sleuth's pockets,
unchained himself, bound the sleeper and made his
own escape. AH of which demonstrates that in
most of the important affairs of life where a choice of
evils must be made it is far safer to deal with a knave
than with an idiot. It is unfortunate that the crimi
nal's punishment cannot be inflicted upon the de
tective
SALONICA— Constant Reader. City.
Salonlca (Turkish,' Selanlk, and Slavo
nian, Salonlki) is the ancient Thessalonl
ca or Therma in Turkey in Europe. It
is at the head of the Gulf of Salonlca,
thirteen : miles east-northeast of ' the
mouth of the Vardar. Salonica.is second
only in Importance to Constantinople, and
is one of the two heads of the great rail
way which traverses Central Europe,
passing " Belgrade, Budapest and Vienna
and of which Paris Is the terminus. Its
roadstead is one of the deepest and safest
on the Aegan Sea and has,, a quay 5905
feet long. ; but vessels discharge In the
roadstead by means of lighters.
A CHAUTAUQUA QUESTION
ASSUMED NAME — Subscriber, City.
Parties desiring: to get .married under as
sumed names may do so if they are will
ing ' to declare that the names given are
the! ones ? that they are known by; but
in such cases a great deal of trouble is
liable to occur, in case of property rights,
for Instance. The safest way is to give
the true names at ' the time of obtaining
a marriage license and in that way avoid
trouble.
AHWAHNEE— C, City. Herman Rost
of Raymond, Cal.,- a friend of this de
partment, writes as follows in answer to
a request for the meaning of Ahwanee:
"According to the Indians living In the
vicinity^ of Ahwahnee the name means
'deep hollow* or 'valley.' The name fits
the place"."
A San Francisco woman, claiming a divorce, de
clared in court a few days ago, as efforts were being
made to effect a reconciliation, that she would rather
kiss a Chinese than her husband. The study of
woman has always been one of the most difficult
problems presented to the students of manners and
morals. The fair sex never seems able to understand
that the worst of some species are incomparably bet
ter than the best of others.
A NOVELTY of the summer is the discussion
of mobs and lyrichirigs by the Chautauqua As-*
sembly. Senators Burton and Tillman have
been debating it in the various branches of the organ
ization in the West, and the parent assembly has had
a free discussion of it at Chautauqua. A Georgia
member justified lynching, and gave his reasons in a
temperate manner. Others combated his position
in an equally temperate spirit, and the discussion
seems calculated to do much good in forming public
opinion on the subject.
It is gratifying that in expressing their views upon
President Roosevelt's letter on lynching, a number
of State Governors accept The Call's suggestion that
the criminal laws and judicial procedure be so
amended as to secure a more prompt administration
of criminal justice. They regard this as the first step
to be taken, and it may be expected 5 that many Leg
islatures will take up that branch of the subject at
their next sessions. -
The various' bar associations, State. and national,
can make a valuable contribution' to/the solution of
the problem by discussing that division. of it and, for
the benefit of th'e lawmakers, pointing out the steps
necessary to be taken. ,
an ass.
A delicious illustration of the delights of compari
son is furnished by the New York Press in a recent
issue. Taking advantage of the occurrence of a dis
astrous hurricane in the West Indies, that cheerful
paper asks the people, of New York to rejoice be
cause their climate is better and their summers safer
than those of Cuba or Jamaica. Cheered by its own
words, it goes farther and exults that the New York
ers are better off than the dwellers in other parts
of the United States itself. Thus it says of the
dwellers in the metropolis: "They may have a rainy
June, but the visitations of Kansas floods are un
known. They may have a torrid week in July, yet
no Galveston catastrophe has laid their city in ruins.
Though they may object to the translation of August
into October, they cannot bemoan a Missouri or
a West Indian tornado, and they have known no
Mont Pelee cataclysm. Their most reasonable basis
for a genuine grievance against the weather gods is
an occasional 'blizzard/ which is the weekly winter
fare of the Dakotas and the Canadian Northwest."
Having in that way built up the pile of argument
on behalf of the weather in that city, the Press rises
at last to the pitch of a true enthusiasm and, discard
ing the wings of the comparative, ventures upon the
absolute and says, "New York City is one of the
finest summer resorts in the world."
When we recall the stories of sweltering hcats, A of
WHEN our ancestors adopted as a proverb
the saying, "Comparisons are odious,"
they did an injustice to one of the easiest
and pleasantest means known to humanity for find
ing consolation under the most distressful circum
stances. In almost any condition of hard times or
rascality a man can find some one worse off than
himself and be consoled by the thought of his supe
rior fortune. Even if he be at the lowest of the
human pile, he can comparehis position with that
of the overdriven donkey and rejoice that he is not
COMPARATIVE CLIMATES.
RAILROAD RATES— Subscriber, City.
Special round-trip rates from San Fran
cisco to St. Louis, Mo., during the expo
sition will not be fixed until the holding
of the Transcontinental Association at
the quarterly meeting before the opening
of the fair.
PATTI— A. S., City. Adelina Patti made
her first appearance in San Francisco at
the Grand Opera-house, March 13, 1S84.
She was also here in 1S90, her initial per
formance that year being on February 10.
The Sheriff of San Jose has added a new feature
to the trunk-seizing propensities of his craft. He
has taken a lion into custody and is holding him as
a pledge for the payment of a poor fellow's debt.
The debtor doesn't want the beast, the town won't
feed him and it begins to look as if the experiment,
like all novelties, will be frowned upon.
FLOWERS— R. M. K. G., Marysville,
Cal. There is what is known as the lan
guage of flowers. In that language a
white carnation means lngeniousness,
also talent.
WHEN BORN— A., City. James J. Cor
bett was born In San Francisco, Septem
ber 1, 1S66, and James J. Jeffries was born
in Carroll, O., in 1S75.
If this thing keeps on all the darkies
who have been taken North to taste Jus
tice will have to come South to keep out
of the way of the Yankee mobs.— Dallas
News.
De Tanque— Guzzler Is a pretty steady
drinker, isn't he?
O'Soaque — Yes. up to a certain point,
and then he becomes unsteady.—Philadel
phia Record.
Dinguss— Where" do you Invest your
money?
Shadbolt— Well. I generally have $3 or
$10 Invested somewhere about you.— Chl-
She— You're so bashful, Mr. Callow. I
really believe that If you ever marry the
lady will have to propose.
He— W-well, but I might have— er— nerve
enough to decline.— Puck-
"I never heard Dlnsmore acknowledge
that he was growing old before to-day."
"How did he acknowledge It?"
"He announced that he felt Just as
young as he ever did."— Detroit Free
Press.
"Yes. Miss Octave Is a very tidy girl.
She always keeps her music on the rack
when she Is not playing."
"And when she Is playing?"
"She keeps her hearers on the rack."—
Kansas City Journal.
Penman— You say you like my books?
Wright— Well, I'm stuck on two of
them.
"Which twj>?"
"The two I bought."— Yonkers States
man.
"Bridget." queried Mrs. Scribble, "do
you know that I am called a literary
woman?"
"Ylssum. Oi fink OI do," responded the
menial, with a despairing look at the
room.— Houston Post.
The mother cat shook her head sadly
"You are a disgrace to our family," she
said sternly to the erring son. "Wont
you ever lead a different Ufe, Thomas?"
"I have been thinking about it myself."
replied * the misguided feline, "and you
shall have your wish. I've got three more
left, and I promise they shall be gooA.
quiet lives, every one of them."—Cincin
nati Commercial Tribune.
Look out for 81 Fourth, front of barter.
grocer. Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 50c. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic ftre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. *
", Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
PTess Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 10U. *
The iron and steel trade is showing more hesita
tion and there is no longer any rush in filling orders.
Some of ( the raw zr.d unfinished products are lower,
with larger supplies than has been the rule for the
last four or five years. The demand for structural
material is light, but this is wholly due to labor trou
bles, which render capitalists and contractors shy
about embarking in new building enterprises. The
boot and shoe factories of New England report ship
ments of their output extremely large, in spite of
continued weakness in hides and leather. Lumber is
active except in the East, where it has not yet fully
recovered from the effects of recent labor disturb
ances. Provisions continue to drag, though the situa
tion at Chicago was somewhat stronger toward the
close of the week. Wheat weakened off a little, as
crop prospects in the Northwest were reported better
owing to improved weather.
The situation on this coast remains about the same.
If there is anything new it is a certain trend of farm
and orchard products toward higher prices, which is
not bad news. This applies to most kinds of grain,
ha)-, 1 hops, dried fruits, vineyard products, butter,
eggs, cheese, etc., and means more money circulating
in the country, more business among the general
merchandise .stores, good collections, good farm
v.2c<«s and easy funds at the banks. The cities feel
the benefits of these conditions and business contin
ues active all along the line. As far at can be seen
now there is nothing in sight to indicate other than
a continued period of prosperity on this coast
ihe fall trade is beginning to appear, somewhat earlier
than usual. Throughout the Western and Southern
States buyers are reported taking hold with liberal
orders. zrA no dullness of any consequence is re
ported from any section. In some parts of the Cen
tral West, where the crop prospects are not as good
as they -were, business is" below expectations, but
these sections arc comparatively few. There is more
or less corr.plaint that labor troubles are affecting
business here and there, but this adverse factor is by
no means as serious as a few months ago, when large
communities were idle on account of great strikes.
There are also complaints that railroad cars are again
: ->rcoming scarce, and that this is hampering the
movement of goods in many important regions. Col
lections on the whole are good, though the usual
exceptions." due to local and transitory conditions, are
reported. The bank clearings last week fell behind
those for the corresponding week last year 9.1 per
cent, with the aggregate clearings below $2,000,000,
000. The failures for the week were 238, against 207
in 1902.
is, however, confirmatory of what has been said all
along, and as such is cf value as exhibiting the
soundness of trade throughout the country. It shows
that the pedestal .of prosperity is more massive even
than many have thought. It is so solid that Wall
street earthquakes do not shake it. Stocks go down,
recover, get excited, go down again and general trade
remains unaffected. Conservatism, not speculation,
is the order of the day.
Though the midsummer holidays are not yet over
This, while interesting, contains nothing new. It
with no disquieting conditions, money plentiful and
the banks in good condition and well supplied with
funds, with a generd expectation of continued pros
perity for at least another year. All said that events
in the New York stock market produced no effect
on legitimate business, as stock operations in Wall
street were considered as something apart from gen
eral legitimate trade.
statement of the condition of trade in his locality and
whether t£« recent decline in stocks had in any way
aifected business. .Many answers to this^ circular
were retired and they were all of the same buoyant
tenor. -Every one reported general trade excellent,
A WELL- KNOWN financial and brokerage
house of New York recently sent out to bank
ers and railroad presidents of the West and
South a circular letter asking each for a specific
1RADE PROSPECTS BRIGHT.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The British cruiser Spartiate consumed 7400 tons of coal
on the round voyage to China. Of this amount 3000 tons
was used on the voyage out and 4400 tons on the return
trip. This difference is said to be due to the fact that the
coal consumed on the outward voyage was chiefly from
bunkers at the Portsmouth dockyard, while on the return
the fuel, although of the same grade of Welsh coal, was
taken from bunkers in tropical and semi-tropical climates,
where its steam generating qualities had diminished. The
Two serious cases of lax discipline in the French navy
are narrated in Ueberall. One is that of the petty officers
and sailors of four seagoing torpedo-boats having published
in a newspaper their determination not to serve on board
their vessels. The cause of their . dissatisfaction Is that they
object to being under the command of the defense mobile,
and an inquiry into this affair has been 'begun by the law
department of the navy. The other, still more remarkable
Incident, is in apnnectlon with the cruiser Jurlen de la Gra
viere. The shiS had been ordered to the West India sta
tion, and was on the point of sailing, when a dispatch, ar
rive! from the Ministry giving the ship's company six days'
liberty, during which the Minister of Marine would scrutin
ize the ship's report of punishments hitherto meted out to
the men. It appears that a number of dissatisfied sailors
had complained to the Ministry direct instead of forward
ing their grievances through the commanding officer of the
ship, and M. Pelletan. Minister of Marine, not alone over
looked this gross breach of discipline, but has put the of
ficers of the ship on the defensive. These two cases ar?
unheard of in any navy and indicate the demoralizing effect
of a well meaning but erratic administrator like M. Pelletan.
Plans and specifications . for the new ships to be built
abroad for Japan *.ave been transmitted to the legation in
London. Contracts amounting to about $27,000,000 are to be
placed with j responsible firms and bids will be forwarded
during this month to the Admiralty In Japan for approval.
The ships to be built include two battleships of 15.000 tons
and three armored cruisers of 9000 tons. The collapse of the
United Shipbuilding Company makes It highly improbable
that any of these contracts will come to this country. The
Newport News and the New York Shipbuilding Company at
Camden have all the work they can handle for the United
States navy; Cramps' yard has also a sufficiency of work
and the Union Iron Works is at the present time urfable to
accept any naval contracts.
Two paymasters in the Japanese navy were recently pros
ecuted for having accepted 700 yen in war bonds from the
manager of the Empress Transport Company and were sen
tenced to four months' major Imprisonment and a fine of
20 yen ($10) each. The war bonds were confiscated.
those' of. a- trained newspaper man and as Interesting
as those of the 'English naval expert Jane. His letter to
the London Mall gives some detailed information regarding
the Japanese navy not known. The sailors are
partly conscripts and partly volunteers, the latter filling all
the petty and warrant ranks. The conscripts serve four
years; volunteers seven years.. There are no marines In the
Japanese navy, sailors serving for police duty and landing
parties. The vessels are similar in appearance to British
chips and may easily be mistaken for the latter. The dis
cipline on the ships is nearly perfect and everything is kept
neat and clean. Unlike otner sailors there Is no pipe smok
ing, instead of which all hands from admiral down are puf
fing tiny cigarettes. The food of the officers is European
in quality, but that of the crew is chiefly Japanese. There
are seven service divisions, of which fleet engineers— having
the rank and pay of commanders — are given executive con
trol over three divisions, subject, of course, to orders of the
captain. . 1
ALFRED SiEAD was recently permitted to take a cruise
in a Japanese war vessel and witnessed the naval man
euvers and review \n June last. His observations are
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The battleship Louisiana, building at Newport News. i3
19 per cent completed, whereas the Connecticut, at the New
York navy yard, is credited with 13 per cent and advanced
only 1 per c-nt during the past month, against 3 per cent
for the Louisiana. The contract for the Louisiana was
signed October 15, 1302, and her keel laid February 7 last.
The Connecticut's keel was laid on March 10. and the con
trast in progress of work is thus quite marked. Both ves
sels were authorized by act of Congress of July 1. 1202. and
the delay In starting the Connecticut was due to the fact
that much preliminary work had to be done before the keel
could be laid. The Newport News yard was not under a
similar disadvantage: its facilities are superior to those of
any other yard in the country; the experience gained in
building four battleships, Its trained office and yard force
and better business methods, as compared with those of the
navy yard, are distinct advantages. The- two ships are sup
posed to be completed by the same time, April 15, 1905. and
from present indications, barring accidents, the Louisiana
will be finished well within the limit and lead the Connecti
cut by one year. It is, however, yet possible for the navy
yard to make up for lost time. To complete the last 20 per
cent requires on an average about fourteen months la private
yards for this class of ships and if the Navy Department is
desirous of establishing a record for navy yard built shlp3
better headway may be made when the Connecticut ha3
passed the SO per cent stage and the finishing work begin?.
The July register of the United States navy Is. like that
of January last, a remarkable official publication because of
its great number of errors, which are due to careless com
pilation. It is supposed to give the station, ashore or afloat,
of every officer in the navy, with the date- of such assign
ment, and is more frequently consulted at the Navy De
partment, shore stations and on board ships than any other
book, hence it should be accurate. A cursory examination
reveals upward of fifty errors in dates and duties of of
ficers, some of which are quite ridiculous, as a few selections
will show. Lieutenant F. N. Freeman is credited to the bat
tleship Wisconsin under date of August 31. 1S37. notwith
standing the fact that the ship did not go into commission
until February 4. 190L Lieutenant Commander J. H. L. Hol
comb's'duty is alleged to be at coaling station Pollok. In the
Philippines, since December 8. 1SD6, which is nearly three
years* before Americans took possession of the islands, and
although such duty is counted as shore service, yet his sea
duty record is increased by six years and four months dur
ing the period up to date. Lieutenant F. Lyon is credited to
the Elcano since July 27. 133*. at which time the vessel was
still owned by Spain. Lieutenant A. M. Cook Is assigned to
the monitor Nevada since September 1. 1S39, which la thre*
years and a half prior to the vessel being accepted. Lieu
tenant H. E. Yarnall (Junior grade) is stated to have served
on the Berry, a torpedo-boat destroyer, since June 19, 1S97.
which Is a palpable error inasmuch as the keel of the vesse!
was not laid until September 2, 1S99.
¦M..M.t..M..Mni 1 1 1 1 1 ; 1 1 1 :.K-M"!">->X"M":"i»:":"i-i-r* •
• • •
Experiments with carrier pigeons have proved quite sat
isfactory in the Germany navy and permanent stations are
to be established at Heligoland. Wil helms haven and Frted
erichsort, near Kiel. The trials made prove that the bird*
can fly home over sea a distance of 1S8 miles, and for greater
distances three to five birds will be released, each having a
copy of the same message. A minimum speed of about two
thirds of a mile a minute Is reckoned upon. In future, every
war vessel, excepting torpedo-boatE. will be required to carry
pigeons to be released at varying distances from th» land
stations.
difference was 60 per cent In favor of the home yard- coal.
The experiment of submerging coal in salt water to P™"*""
its qualities will, If successful, be adopted at all Britian
naval stations. : -'«;" - . „ ¦ .* ».-..,«
Twenty young clerks from the Bank of England nav»
received probationary commissions In the British navy as
assistant paymasters and are serving in the maneuvering
fleets. The Admiralty is said to contemplate future appoint
ments as paymasters from banking: institutions.
GUICHEN, ONE 'oF THE NEW FIRST-CLASS FREN'CH CRUISERS. WHICH WAS COMPLETED IN 1902. _IS
RATED AS A 23-KNOT CRAFT AND COST J3.059.725. IT WAS ON THIS WARSHIP THAT PRESIDENT I«OL
BET SAILED FOR ENGLAND IN JULY. ¦-''¦ • ,
The magnitude of their control may be inferred
from the following facts recently published by the
Atlanta Constitution for the purpose of explaining
how that city would be affected by the deal: "The
Rock Island system originally began at Chicago and
ran out to Rock Island, where it fantailed in all west
ern directions as far northwest as Watertown, S. D.,
as far west as Denver and as far southwest as El Paso.
The Frisco began at St. Louis, ran to Springfield,
Mo., and there spread its fingers to Kansas City,
Oklahoma City, far down into Texas and southeast to
Birmingham, Ala. The Seaboard line began at Nor
folk, ran southwest, reached up to Richmond, east to
Wilmington and southwest to Atlanta and subse
quently secured lines to Savannah, to Montgomery
and' southward over Florida. It is now building a
connecting link between Alabama and Birmingham,
which will join it to the Rock Island and Frisco lines
at that point."
By this deal, which one authority declares to be the
greatest in twenty-nve years, nearly the whole system
of Southern railways" becomes divided into two great
groups, one controlled by the Morgan clique of capi
talists and the other by the Moore interests. The
new combination will, of course, affect much more
than the South, for the great West is also tributary to
the system. perceive then that new men have
arisen to compete with the Morgans, just as Morgan
came to compete with the Vanderbilts and the Goulds.
In fact the accumulation and consolidation of wealth
moves so rapidly in this country that hardly have we
become accustomed to look upon one set of men as
the plutocrats and railway kings of the land before
new aspirants arise to compete with them and to a
large extent subordinate them. Never in human his
tory were there such sudden leaps from comparative
poverty to affluence and power as are now going on
in these United States. The simplest statement of
the career of quite a number of Americans would if
presented artistically make a series of stories as start
ling in the vicissitudes of fortune and the splendors of
achievements as any that are to be found in the
Arabian Nights' Entertainments.
MANY methods may be found for illustrating
the rapidity with which American industry
advances and carries with its growth a change
in the existing order of things. In no other way,
however, is the "progress noted more interestingly
than in the development of new sets of men in the
ranks of leadership. Man is always interesting to
man, and the personal element involved in the rise
tq fortune of one who has been formerly unknown
attracts attention and compels admiration even when
the means by which success has been attained are not
wholly approved.
We have just had another illustration of that kind
in the career of the men who have just carried
through the deal by which the Rock Island Railroad
Company has obtained control of the Seaboard sys
tem so that the two are to be operated together. As
the Rock Island had already gained control of the
St. Louis and San Francisco system, the three are
now in combination and constitute what is said to be
the largest railway organization in the country. Alto
gether the three systems comprise upward of 18,000
miles online, or nearly one-tenth of the entire railway
mileage of the United States.
The men who have achieved this great combination
are brothers— W.H. Moore and J. H. Moore. A few
years ago they were unknown and now they rank
among the foremost of our great railway kings. In
reviewing their work the Springfield Republican says:
"The {attainment of this vast power has been the
work of less than half a dozen years, with a beginning
in the possession of wealth not large enough to at
tract anybody's attention. The Moore brothers won
their money out of the steel combinations and they
have made it go uncommonly far^hrough the employ
ment of various devices for minority control, in build
ing themselves up as one of the three or four dominat
ing groups in the transportation industry. Their
rise is one of the wonders of the recent boom period."
NEW CAPTAINS OF INDUSTRY.
A suit involving $75,000,000 has been instituted in
the Circuit Court of Delaware. The question in con
troversy is the alleged dishonest issuance of stock in
a corporation. ' The progress of the case should be
watched. It would be at least a point gained in the
administration of law to determine whether or not
the people have any rights which corporations are
bound to respect. t
MONDAY AUGUST 24, i9°3
—
¦
/(C'rtEt All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You "With the Department You Wish.
ri nLir\TIO>' OFFICE. . .Mnrltct and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS S17 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month-. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tenr.s br Mail. Inciudln* Po«tap:e (Osrti With Order):
DAILY CALL. <inc!u<!irp Sunday). on« year ?*•""
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 month* 4^
DAILY CALL— By Sinfile Month , n'ko
FU.VDAT CALL. On« Tf-ar * OV
MHHKLY CALL. One
FOREIGN' POSTAGE -i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Te« Extra
* U " I Weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
All roMmamrm are anlhorlied to receive
HuttMeriptiona.
Purr*:* cctIp* win be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers In orderfn* chaw of address should be
particular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
t» insure a proir.pt and correct compliance with their request.
OAHLAXU OFFICE.
1118 nroadtrny Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
C. CEOnGE KIUOGXESS. Maawer Foreign A&ver
tlalnK. Marqorttc nnlldlnsr. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
MO RTO\ E. CHASTE 14OO G Street, W. W.
VEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX D. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldlnff
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAnLTOX Herald Sqnare
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI TJnton Square:
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel aM Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shernar. House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
Bit %ACH OFFICES — Z21 Mor.tpotr.ery. corner cf Clay, open
u-til 3 30 o'clock. ,S00 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 633
McAHfew. open until P:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»-30 oVlock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Mtrkct comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. ccraer Twer.ty-»econd and Kentucky, open
u-ul 9 o'clock. 22W FiHmore. open until 9 p. tn.
Now, that is a very delicatessen in statesmanship.
The Senator has not had time to study either phase
of an issue on which he thinks his party can win next
year. He refrains from stating his own position, or
which side of the issue his party will take, but it is a
winning issue!
He then proceeds to talk about a flexible and emer
gency currency in a way that proves he told the truth
in saying that he was ignorant of the whole subject,
though not making a study of it. He is sure that
"the holders of trust stocks want a flexible currency
in order to prop up sagging trust values, which marks
a curious evolution, for only a few years ago th»
claim was made that we had money enough."
The financial reformers who study the subject and
treat it scientifically have not treated the currency
condition as a problem of volume, but of distribution.
Under the present banking system the centripetal in
fluence of capital congests currency in the great
money centers, where the "owners of trust stocks"
and others enjoy the use of their .credit at a low rate
of interest because of the glut. At the same time,
business men of all classes, at a distance from the
financial centers, are compelled to use their credit at
a loss because of the higher rate of interest. Such
business men are scattered all over the country. If
they were concentrated at one point money would
flow to it in answer to a concentrated demand. But
the demand is diffused and its attractive effect is lost
It is conceived, then, from a scientific and Experi
mental standpoint that the remedy lies in permitting
local Rational banks, under stern official supervision,,
to issue upon approved assets an emergency cur
rency which remains out a certain time and then is
subjected to such tax as will compel its return to the
issuing bank for cancellation.
There may be a demand on a country bank for only
a few thousand dollars in excess of its currency on
hand. If it have assets to an equal amount that pass
official inspection it may emit emergency currency,
which the borrower gets at a reasonable rate, until
he turns his crop or his stock of goods. The circula
tion will be local only and the issue will be driven
in by the tax which at a fixed time follows it. This
is the system long successfully operated in Scotland
and Canada. Just how it can prop the sag in trust
stocks is invisible to the student of the subject. The
Senator does not say how. But declaring that he
has not studied the subject, he is prepared to say thai
such will be its effect.
His final benedictory utterance is really delicious.
Having said nothing, he closes with this: "What I
have said expresses my firm conviction on this great
financial subject. I believe I have uttered the true
Democratic faith on the subject; at least I know it
is the faith of the fathers."
He is like the man who was admiring the construc
tion ofa long water ditch in the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains, but said to a listening stranger, "They charge
too much for the water." The stranger asked. "What
do they charge?" and the critic answered, "I don't
know, but whatever it is, it is too much."
WE have had Democratic issues manufac
tured and handed down by all the eminent
prophets, seers and revclators of that party.
Mr. Bryan has on the market his well-worn questions
of the last two campaigns. Mr. ' Cleveland has mod
estly offered his tariff message of 1887 as one all-suffi
cient reason for the return of his party to power. Mr.
Gorman is in the ring with the* race question as the
Aaron's rod that will make all the other snakes hunt
their holes. Now comes Senator Daniel of Virginia
with some:lrng new. This is that Daniel who sup
ported in the Senate a resolution indorsing and com
mending the official conduct of President Cleveland
in the strike of 1894, and in the Democratic National
Convention of 1896 voted for a resolution censuring
and condemning President Cleveland for the same of-
VVith this grip on the confidence of the country in
his statesmanship. Daniel comes to judgment with
his issue. He will make it upon the proposed finan
cial legislation. In an official interview the Senator
say?: "I was extremely doubtful of the efficacy of the
Aldrich bill when it was first introduced. I have not
studied the subject, but my reflections have not in
clined my opinion toward that bill." He has reflected
upon a subject that he has not studied, and is there
fore equipped to give an opinion! As to the propo
sition to make the currency flexible, by its enlarge
ment in emergency, to be contracted when the occa
sion passes, he said: "This subject is too great a one
for a conclusion to be reached without the closest
study. I am therefore not prepared to express an
opinion on this phase of the subject. I am of opin
ion, however, that this question will be the leading
issue in the next campaign. It is an issue on which
the Democracy may successfully appeal to the coun
try in 1904."
JAPAN'S NAVY A MODEL IN MATTERS
OF CLEANLINESS AND OF DISCIPLINE
DANIEL COME TO JUDGMENT.
sunstrokes, of children, old people and sick persons
dying of exhaustion from the excessive heat in' New
York right along, from May to September, we can
hardly admire enough the advantages of a compari
son of climates which leads a newspaper to make
an assertion like that. It. would be harsh and un
seemly to shift the comparison round and compare
the climate of New York with that of San Francisco,
for that would be to make New York look like
Hades. It is better to leave the thing as it stands,
and take it as an evidence that by making compar
sons a man can find comfort anywhere. In fact, com
parisons are not odious; they are full of sweet influ
ences, and old Dogberry was right in saying, "Com
parisons are odorous."
THE SAN ! FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903
LOTTA FOUNTAIN— E. C. City. The
fountain known as Lotta Fountain was
presented to the city of San Francisco
by Lotta Crabtree. the California actress.
It is erected on city property, the Board
of Supervisors having given permission
to build it on the' gore where it now
stands. It was formally presented to the
city September 9, 1S75, Harry Edwards.
San Francisco's then favorite actor, rep
resenting the* donor.
TERRAPIN— B., S... Bella Vista. Cal.
There Is no closed season for terrapin In
California. There are several places in
the State that supply the San Francisco
market, but as these are private con
cerns this department cannot advertise
them. '
4
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given away FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely in ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
10^x15^.M. Danysz 6f the Pasteur Institute at
Paris has found a microbe which exter
minates ' rats.. He has tried the 'effect
of his microbes in warehousea, farms
and other places, and In 60 per, cent of
cases the rats completely disappeared^
We are selling Independent water
heaters at $10, San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Promotion in the Russian army is ex
ceedingly slow.. ., It takes sixteen or sev
enteen years for a captain to become a
lieutenant colonel, and fourteen years
for a lieutenant colonel to become a
colonel. , : '
Brings Hardwood Logs.
' The schooner Jennie Wand arrived yester
day 4S days from Navidad with t a cargo of
hardwood logs. .-
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug. 23— Stmr Cym
ric, from Llvemool and Queenstown; Btmr La
Bretagne, from Havre; Btmr Oscar II, from
Copenhagen and Christiania.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 22 — Stmr Cedric
from New York, via Queenstown. Aug 23 —
Stmr Etrurla, from New York, via Queens
town.
NAPLES— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Cambro
man, from Boston, via Genoa,
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER — Sailed Aug 23—
Stmr Potsdam, from Rotterdam, for New York
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Lu
canla. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Bar
baroesa, from Bremen, for New .York.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 23— Nor bark
City of Agra, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Aug 22— Ital ship Herat, for Port
Townsend.
HILO— Sailed Aug 21— Bark St Katherlne,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 22— Stmr Montara,
for Ean Francisco.
Arrived Aug 23— Stmr Centennial, hence 19.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived Au« 23— 8tmr Alli
ance, hence Aug 20. *
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aur 22— Bktn
Wlnkelman, for Redondo; stmr G C LJndauer,
for San Francisco. ¦
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 22— Schr Chal
lenger, hence July 30. *
ISLAND PORTS.
Passed in Aug 23— Br ship Cortez, from
Hamburg.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 23— Schr Po
larlB. from Port Blakeley.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Aug 28 — Stmr Noyo,
hence Aug 22.
WESTPORT— Arrived Augf 23— Stmr Navax
ro, hence Auk 22. ' •
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 28— Schr Esther
Buhne, hence Aug 12; stmr South Bay, hence
Aug 21.
Sailed Aug 23 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 23 — Fr bark Emllle
Gallinr, from Swansea; stmr Columbia, hence
Aug 21; Nor ship Almediay for Androssan.
TACOMA — Arrix-ed Auff 23 — Stmr San Ma
teo, hence Aug 19.
PORT MADISON— Arrived Au* 23— Schr
Ruth K Godfrey,, from Ballard.
BANDON— ATrived Aug 23— Schr Ruby,
hence Aug 12. —
Christian Church, San Francisco, who de
livered the prayer.
The choir and the assemblage and even
the people from the surrounding windows
sang the hymn "How Firm a Founda
tion," and then the Rev. H. H. Bell, D. D.,
pastor of the First United Presbyterian
Church, San Francisco, representing city
churches, delivered the address of the
day, In which he expressed his apprecia
tion for the special honor that had been
done him in selecting him for the mouth
piece of the city churches.
PASTOB, BRINGS GREETINGS.
From each he brought greetings to the
pastor and congregation of the West Side
Christian Church. The building of the
new sacred edifice meant, he eaid, addi
tional moral force in the city and stood
for a warning against all forms of evil.
It also meant, said Dr. Bell, the existence
still and the expansion of the kingdom of
Jesus Christ.
The an*'iem "How Beautiful Are Thy
Dwelllr^is" was rendered after the address
and then the Rev. Clarence Reed, pastor
I-H-H--1"I"1"I"I"I"I"I"1"1"1"1"!"!"1"1"1"H"I'#
Four deep-sea sailing- vessels came Into the
harbor yesterday afternoon from Australia.
Two of them were British and two French.
The vessels flying the tricolor made the smart
est passages. They were all from Newcastle
and all coal laden. Their names and length of
passages were: British ship Gunford, 85 day*.
British shin Cambuskenneth, CO days: French
bark Emwrenr Menellk, 57 days, and French
bark Ernest Reyer, 55 days. The Gunford left
Newcastle May 30. She encountered heavy
southeasterly squalls at the outset of the voy
age, and June 1, finding his vessel sagging
toward the land. Captain Watts ran into Syn
ney where he remained until June 4. The
Cambuskenneth sailed S994 miles and aver
aged 150 miles a day throughout the voyage.
Fleet of Sailing Ships.
It !s the Intention of the trustees and
of the architect to make the building one
of the handsomest of modern church
properties.
Dr. Clarke, Dr. Rlgdon and Mrs. White
placed In the cornerstone before It was
laid a highly burnished box containing
copies of each of the San Francisco
papers, a history of the church from May
1, 1S92, up until within a few hours of the
ceremony; a directory of the church, con
taining a list of the members and trustees
and building- committee and architect of
the church.
. Presented to Dr. R. L. Rfgdon at the laying
of the corners* one of the West Side Christian
Church, San Francisco, California. August 23,
1U03, by T. Ratterson Ross, architect
.. ; .$.
of the California-street Methodist Church,
and the Rev. Louis J. Sawyer, pastor of
the Hamllton-souare Baptist Church,
spoke in behalf of "Our Neighbors."
Professor Hiram Van Kirk, dean of the
Berkeley Bible Seminary, delivered an ad
dress, which was followed by the laying
of the cornerstone by Dr. R. L. Rigdon,
Dr. B. F. Clarke and B. G. White, mem
bers of the building committee. Judge
E. A. Brldgeford, another of tho commit
tee, was unavoidably prevented from par
ticipating In the interesting exercises.
The pastor of the West Side Church, the
Rev. W. M. White, on behalf of the archi
tect of the edifice, presented Dr. Rigdon
with a handsome silver trowel with which
to perform the ceremony of laying the
cornerstone.
The Inscription on the trowel was as
follows: . ....
HOUSE OF WORSHIP AND MINIS
TERS WHO AIDED IN THE CER
EMONY OF ITS DEDICATION.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. | Due.
-o j
Bcnita Newport & Way Ports.! Aug. 24
G. L'ndauer. . Grays Harbor Aug. 24
Tltania Nanaimo lAug. 24
K. Barbara... ' San Pedro '.Aug. 2i
Korea j China & Japan jAug. 24
Dc I Nortt Orescent City j Aug. 24
Czarina Coos Bay |Aug. 24
Argo i Eel River Ports ;Aug. 24
Pomona j Humboldt iAug. 24
Arcata j Coos Bay & PL Orford.'Aug. 24
Stat* of CkJ.. I San Diego & Way Pts.JAug. 24
Silesia c . - 1 Seattle Aug. 25
'.:..•-• n: < Humboldt I Aug. 25 ,
, Calif ornian ... i New Ycrk Aug. 25!
Queen t / Puget Sound Ports... .Aug. 25 j
s^an Pedro j Iiuiat>oidt Aug. 2«
Coror.ado ( Han Pedro Aug. 28 I
Oj«ij*li* • Saa Pedro Aug. 26 f
. Oooa Bay < i^aa Pedro & Way Pts.|Aug. 26!
Cblco i CoquU!e River jAug. 27|
North Fork...! Humboldt (Aug. 27
ivru ' New York via Panama; Aug. 27 !
<"orona Y Humboldt Aug. 27 I
.^r.ta Hosa...; San Diego & Way Pts.JAug. 27 J
Oentralla Sitn Pedro JAug. 2S I
Point Arena.. ' Mendoelno & Pt. Arena;Aug. 28 j
Columbia ! Portland & Astoria. jAug. 28 |
Luxor Hamburg & Way PU. Aug. 28 j
Onternial Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 29 |
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Poru.. .. Aug. CO j
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
S.Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 31
Alameda Honolulu 'Sept. 1
Oaf lie China & Japan iSept. 1
Far. Juan New York via PanamajSept. 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
Ancu«t 24. I I "
F. Legjrett. Portland Way Pts.f 0 am[Pier 10 '
P. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pitr 2 '
Nebrasksn.. Honolulu * Kahului 3 pin Pier 20 I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 prnjPier 2
i'r-«:.:u. . . Puget Sound Ports.Ul am'PIer 9
• AiisuM 25. j I
S. Portland ' Astoria & Portland) 5 pmlPler ..
Bonita ¦ Newport Way Pts.j » am! Pier 19
-Arcata Coos B &Pt. Orford 12 n^Pler 13 I
AoKOit 2tf. |
laqua Humboldt j (Pier 2'
Coronado... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm'Pler 10 j
'Tiehalis 'Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2i
R. Dollar...'. Portland direct ... 5 pm Pier 2 |
Pomona ( Humboldt |l:3Oplpier 9'
Argo i EE1 River Ports..] 4 pmlPler 2i
G. W. Elder( Astoria At Portland'll amjPler 24 i
A. Mara....; China & Japan I 1 pm'Pier 40 <
Rival. . , ; Wlllapa. Harbor { 4 prolPJer 2
Aujrnfct 27. I
Eureka i Humboldt 9 am'PIer 13
HtateofCalJ Fan Diego A Way. 9 am'pier 19
Newburg...' Gra.y* Harbor 4 pmjPier 10 i
Pi*rra ' Sydney & Way pts 2 pmlPler 7
J. Dollar... > Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
P^ini^r • Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPicr 10
I Aneiim 28. I
G. Linfl&ser Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Ontralia.. . . j Grays Harbor 4 pmipier 10
£'!«•«!& ! Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm, Pier 27
Ansraat 29. I
San Pedro..! Humboldt 10 am-Pler 2
Coos. Bay. ..! Newport Way Pt«=. u am! Pier 19
Acapulco. . . 1 N. Y. via Panama. 12 m'Pler 40
Qu«*n Pujret Sound PorU.Ill am'PIer 9
AnroM 30. j I '
North Fork Humboldt ( 5 pmlPler 2
¦J£L _ Anenil 31. J j
Columbia... Aetcrla & Portlandjll am'PIer 24
September 2. | j
Alliance 1 Portland & Way..| 5 pmfPier 1«
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. r For. I gaii 8 .
Noae City Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25 !
FaraMon Rlt&gway A Way Ports. Aug. 26 i
I>olphin Skagway A Way Ports. Aug. 27 i
«-"tta«re City. . Kkagway & Way Ports. Aug. 27 J
'"!ty Topcka.. i Fkacwey & Way Ports.jAug 29 '
F^nator | Nome direct 'iSept. 1
Kureka j Ncme direct (Sept. 1
KxceUlor ' Cook* Inl^t & Way Pts'Sept. 1
r.oanoke Nome & St. Michael...) Sept. 1
Hty Seattle.. Skegway & Way Ports.iSept. 2
Ohio I Nome A St. Michael. .J Sept. 2
Sun, Moon and Tide.
r.Ued States Coast asd Geodetic Survey
Time end Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Fran<-iseo Bey. Published by official au
thority of tlie Superintendent.
N'OTE — The h!*h and low waters occur at
i" city front CMisslon-wtrct wharf) about 25
iirjutew later than at Fort Point; the height of
rt" is the earn* at both places.
MOXDAT. AUGUST 24.
rfee* , 5:82
Hun ««t« <J:B1
Moon pets 7:S7 p. m.
S iTtme! iTiro*! (Time (Time|
5 < ! rt. I ! Ft. i Ft. J Ft.
- 1 :h w ' Sl w| ih w (l wj j
2; ? 0:01" S.H 6:12!— O.l!l2:C5| 5.716:35 1.3
3 } 0:65! 5.81 «:56! O.4| 1:34 6.71 7:30 I.I
>: I 1:52' 3.1|7:4fl! l.O! 2:15 B.«l 8:26 1.11
-7 ! 2:T,r>) 4.7! >»:2Gi I.fil 3:01 5.81 9:25 1.0
I 4:02 4.41 9:17! 2.11 3:4*1 8.4110:35 O.» J
2» I 5:15j 4.2'10:X5| 2.R) 4:421 8.3111:44 0.8
'¦:•< i«:31| 4.l!ll:22f 2.S! 5:41j B.2|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Gm early morning tides are given in the left
' <oid column and the successive tides of th«
4*f in the order of occurrence as to time; the j
'^iii-th time column rives the last tide of the
''ty. except wh'n there are but three tides, as j
''¦mtimff occure. The hrights riven are In (
•^itlon to the founding* of the United States
•"'•aFt Survey Charte. except when the number
t&rtn is subtracted from the depth given by
'!> 'hart*. Thr rl«n<* of reference is the mean
' 'Sit lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Awru*t 23.
,, pf^r fianta Cruz. Hansen, 31 hours from
Pwt Harford.
Ptiar Fulton, Le*, M hours from San Pedro.
Ftrrr Gualalm. Johnson. 12 faouri from
Bceat Landicx.
THE laying of the cornerstone of
the West Side Christian Church,
Bush street, near Devisadero,
was attended yesterday afternoon
by a large gathering. There were
clergymen from other churches of the
city and from suburban churches and a
strong and admirably selected choir un
der the able direction of Dr. R. W. Smith.
A temporary platform was occupied and
a large number of church men and women
and children sat within the uncompleted
walls of th«> basement Just below the
platform.
With the hymn "All Hail" the exercises
began, and then the Rev. G. Greenwell
of the Tenth-avenue Church, this city,
delivered an Invocation, which was fol
lowed by the hymn, "I Love Thy King
dom." The Rev. T. A. Boyer, pastor of
the First Christian Church, Oakland, read
the Scripture and was followed by the
Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the First
etmr Acme. Lundquist, 15 hour* from Fort
Crags
Btmr Wnlteeboro, Olsen. 14 hours from
Greenwood. _
Stmr Iaqua, Bonifleld. 21 hours from Eu-
Stm" Geo W Elder, Randall. 62% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 4S hours.
Etmr Aberdeen, Daniels. 74 hours from Port
i land, via Axtoria 63 hours.
Stmr Westport. Smith. 17 hours from West-
Fr ehlp Ernest Reyer, Dleulamgard, 65 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Br ship Cambuskenneth, Cook, 60 days from
Newcastle, Auc.
Br «hlp Gunford, Watt. 85 dayi from New
castle, Aus. via Sydney 80 days.
Bark Edward May. Haneen. 20 day* from
Makawelt. •'
Bark Gerard C Ttaber. Bcott, 19 days from
Honolulu.
Fr bark Erasereur Menellk, Moret, 67 day»
from Newcastle, Ana. ¦
Bktn Coronado. Potter, 22 day» from Hono
lulu
Schr Cbas E Falk. Helllngsen, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary and Ida, Btensland. 27 days from
Beting Sea. * ...
Schr J M Weatherwax. Bockman. 11 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Ellen Gunderaon, Laraen. 5 hours from
Jennie Wand. Christiansen. 42 day.
from Tr ucatlta Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday, August 23.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson. Astoria.
Stmr Pasadena, Rasmussen, Mendoelno.
Btinr Santa Row, Alexander. San Diego.
Btmr Arctic, Relmers, Eureka.
Btmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendoelno.
Stnir Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Ruth. Reed. Westport.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. Bowens Landing.
Hchr Ida A, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr W II Marston. Curtis. Honolulu.
Schr Advent. Ol»en. Coos Bay.
Schr Chae W, Walker. Bollna*.
Schr Bessie K. Merrlam. San Vicente Land
*Schr A M Baxter, Isaacson. Everett*
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 23, 10 p m— Weather j
hary; wind SW, velocity 6 miles per' hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Parted In Aur 23— Schr Wllbert
L Smith, from HIlo; stmr Edith; hence Aug
2*1. for Seattle.
Passed out Aug 23 — Schr Philippine, from
Tacomt, for . San Francisco; stmr Montara,
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT TOVVNEEND- Arrived Aug 23— Schr
Mary E Foster, from Honolulu: echrHelene,
hence Aug 5, for Port Blakeley; Ger ship Alice,
from Hongkong. •
Sailed Aug 23 — Bktn Amaranth, for Aus
tralia.
NAPA, Aug. 23.— Congressman Bell ob
tained an option Saturday on ninety-five
acres of land on the Napa river known as
Horseshoe Bend. It is one of the places
where Bell will attempt to get an ap
propriation to cut the channel through to
straighten the river. Options have also
been obtained on land at Carr Bend and
Jack's Point, where the channel will also
be changed. The contemplated improve
ment, is an important one and will ma
terially lessen the time to San Francisco
by steamer.
Secures Option on Valuable Lands.
Several of the floor plates of the flre
room are warped from the heat. As near
as can be ascertained the fire st&rted in
the bilge, either from spontaneous com
bustion or by ignition from the furnace
fires. The drippings of oil from the feed
pipes had undoubtedly collecte-1 on the
surface of the water in the bilgo and In
some manner burst into flame.
The Whittier is a vessel of 793 tons dis
placement and was built at "he .Union
Iron Works, completed # about six
months ago. She is owned by, the Union
Oil Company, John Baker . Jr. manager,
and has been carrying oil between Ven
tura and Oleum. She made one trip to
Honolulu and was about to start on the
second voyage to the island port. The
tanks, with a carrying capacity of 10,000
barrels, are located in the forward por
tion of the vessel and are separated from
the fire and engine rooms by a cofferdam
filled with water. Tho officers of the ship
maintain that this bulkhead would pre
vent the communication of a fire in the
flre room to the tanks. It is believed that
the damage will not exceed $1000 and that
the steamer will be able to sail as sched
uled on Tuesday.
Captain McDonald of the steamship was
ashore at the time and the vessel was in
command of First Officer McGinnls. .He
stated that until an investigation was
made It would be Impossible to state posi
tlvey the origin of the flre or the extent
of the damase.
FI*AMES IN THE BILGE.
Upon the arrival of the department it
looked as though the ship was doomed to
destruction. Several lines of hose were
brought into play and the intrepid fire
men, undaunted by the knowledge that
they might be going to certain death, en
tered the vessel. It was found that the
flrV was confined solely to the flre room
bilge and the water poured into this com
partment'soon had effect. The two flre
boats had drawn up alongside ready to
turn their water batteries loose If neces
sary or tow the vessel out into tho stream.
. TUBNS IN ALAHM.
The odojr of the burning oil was unmis
takable, Sid not knowing the location of
"the nearest flre alarm box, he rushed to s a
nearby telephone and gave the alarm. A
call was sent in from box 352, which
brought three engine companies, one
truck, one chemical and the fire boat3
.Governor Irwin and Governor Markham
to the scene.
For a brief period last evening there
was much well-founded apprehension that
a catastrophe would occur in comparison
with which the loss of life and property
attendant upon the destruction of the
ill-fated steamer Progreso would pale
into insignificance. Only the prompt and
heroic work of the Fire Department pre
vented what might have been a repetition
on a larger scale of the horrible disaster
of last December. ,
Shortly after 8 o'clock last evening
flames were discovered in the fire room of
the steamer Whittier, one of the oil
carrying, fleet of the Union* Oil Company,
lying at section 2 of the seawall. In the
tanks of the vessel was stored 10,000 bar
rels of crude petroleum ready for trans
portation to Hawaii, and when at the ex
piration of thirty minutes' hard work the
firemen succeeded .in extinguishing the
blaze an audible sigh of relief came from
the crowd of spectators.
Second Officer J. S. Brooks of the
steamer George Loomis, also lying at the
seawall, , while walking the deck of his
ship noticed dense clouds of. black smoke
issuing from the grating surrounding the
smokestack of the Whittier.
Weis would have shot Hodge again as
he lay upon the sidewalk but for citizens
who seized him. He was arrested by
Constable Chambers, who telephoned to
the Sheriff's office, and a deputy was sent
to bring Weis to the county Jail.
Coroner Kitto was summoned from this
city to take charge of the remains of the
murdered man. Weis is a well-known
farmer of Sutter County. His wife is
connected with influential people. The
dead man is not well known here. He
worked for several years on ranches in
the vicinity of Knights Landing.
The shooting was the result «of family
matters in which Mrs. Weis figures. She
had left her husband and has been living
with her mother, Mrs. O. B. Green, in this
city. She does not care to discuss the af
fair.
WOODLAND, Aug. 23,-Charles Hodge,
a laborer who was employed on the Fair
ranch near Knights Landing, was shot
and killed in Knights Landing this even
ing by L. A. "Weis, a farmer who lives
near Cranmore, Sutter County. "VVeis met
Hodge on the main street, and, without a
word of warning, thrust the muzzle of a
revolver in his face and fired. The ball
entered just above the bridge of Hodge's
nose and death was instantaneous.
Movements of Steamers.
The French Uirk Boncham?. bound from
Shields for tftfs port, put into Rio de Janeiro
August -- wi'.h her hatches stove In.
French Bark Damaged.
""1 bought this hat during the last Grand
Army Kncanu>mont. Not the one Just closed.
This bat has been in commission Just seven
teen years. It looks young, but it Is a veteran
Just the ume. I bought It to attend a funeral
and have used It only on such occasions. To
day, however, 1 have It out in honor of the
Grand Army. Daring: its life it ha* had a.
few narrow esca;>es. but It has «no broken
pUaw* and etill shines. Four times during Its
life :t has been in the height of fashion."
The Miller hat is once more the vogue as far
as eha:* is concerned. Outside it bears no
sign of "service, but within the capacious
crcwa the white lining- bears a record of the
funerals jit which it has appeared. The writ
ing of the earlier entries has faded consid
«iTa.bly, tut the shining Bilk outside still re
tain* the deep black it wore when Captain
Miller purchased it seventeen years ago.
terday afternoon In all the glory of a shiny
silk hat of the latest mold. Had pilot Newt
Jordan appeared so decorated none would have
wondered, a^ •'Big" Jordan is .recognized as
the fashicn-jUate for the Sun Francisco Pilots'
Association, and If Capta.ln Barber had ehown
himself without a tall headpiece few would have
recotEixed him. When "Jimmy" Miller, how
ever, hove :n s'cht underneath the conven
tional, but with him unusual, tile, he was im
mediately eum/jnded by hii brother ehell
backs. who clamored for an explanation. JCcne
was vouchsafed until some one accused the
ooean iruide of •'blowing himself."
Captain James Miller, bar pilot. appeared
¦n the fioor of the Merchants' Exchange yes-
J no codfiphlnz schooner Mary and Ida
trrived yesterday from the Bering Sea.
jood luck had blessed the efforts of her
rew of fishfnaen and below hatches
were 305,000 codfish, a noble harvest for a
vessel of the Mary and Ida's size and
north enough money to give every man
and boy on board substantial pay for hia
thr«e months' hard v»-ork.
The Mary and Ida encountered heavy
southeasterly gales in Unlmak Pass, and
Captain Hcnsland reports that he was for
eight days trying to beat out of that neck
of angry waters. The bad weather con
tinued ail the way to port and all hands
were pretty tired yesterday when the
Mary and Ida dropped anchor In Mission
Bay. On the way to the fishlnR grounds
the schooner's jib-boom was carried away.
«
Pilot Miller's Hat.
Prompt Work of Firemen Pre
vents Flames Spreading
to Tanks.
Good Luck Marks Cruise
and Little Vessel Reaps
Rich Harvest.
Family Troubles Are Thought
to Have Led Up to
the Homicide.
Schooner Mary and Ida
Arrives From the
Bering Sea.
Laying of the Granite Block Is Attended by Impressive Ceremonies and
Witnessed by Large Gathering, Including Members of the Congregation
and Invited Guests— New House of Worship Will Be Handsome Edifice
Flames Break Out in
Hold of the Steamer
Whittier.
Thrusts Revolver Muz
zle in Victim's Face,
and Fires.
CORNERSTONE OF THE WEST SIDE
CHRISTIAN CHURCH IS IN PLACE
MS BIG CARGO
OF CODFISH
OIL CARRIER
IN JEOPARDY
FARMER KILLS
RANCH LABORER
THE ?AN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ AUGUST 24, 1903.
5
A "D VEBTISEMBNTS.
BQEBBBBHaBBBBBaBBBHHH
ONE BOTTLE CURES. 1
aMcBurney's f
KIDNEY |
jHtv k% *# m
nnfi Bi
dllll I
1 BLADDER CURE 1
B Certain and thorough cure for pains In S
Q the small of the back. Irritation o« tho 5
_¦ bladder. Bright's disease, female trou- B
J" bles. incontinence of urine, brick dust Q
U deposit, bed wetting of children, gravel. M
gj gall stones, thick, turbid frothy urine. SS
n dropsy, diabetes and rheumatism. Jg
B""- Send 25c for five days' treatment and ¦
get relief in 20 minutes. ra
B Kidney and Bladder Cure $150 m
B) Liver and Blood Purifier $1 23 S
MR
a
H
g FOB SALE ST ALL DEUGGISTS B
H — S
H W. P. McBTJBHEY, Sole Mf r, g
B 826 S. Spring- 3t., I,oa Angrel«», CaL Q
BBBBBaBag5gBBBBBBBBBBBB
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in Use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and thel*
followers. Positively cur» tt>«
worst .cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses o?
cigarette smcklng. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impoteccy, Lost
Power. Night Losses. i.T.orn-
nla. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. £Ef (T\ VaricoceU or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner ZJ \*r vou » Twitching ot
Eyelids. Effects are r .B> N7 -slmmedlftte. Impart
vigor and potency*' 11 '™ ' to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. R*.
store Email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; SOe a box; « tot
%'Z CO by mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
money refunded with tf boxes. Circular! (re*.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EllU st..
Ean Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. at
and 40 Third st.
lira gsg?!? S^J^kjr^J^L^M fil%9 i$il
9 m $£3 |SS R| &%& S a fflMfi
ItlklLS see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I tlfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
f> x PALM ROOM, the
lirSnfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uuu LOR^ and the LA
U A iJ,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels I room-,
#% H B H EPfe Geds > chairs. Stovea, etc
I Bb RHHI Tents for rent and tor sale.
I 89 BUI &V Guns. Rlnes. Fishing Tacklo
Q ¦ fid IB I i and Sporting Goods. Send
BJ in| I V 9 for Catalogue. Shreva &
" ".•••¦¦" Barber Co., 739 Market *u
and 521 Kearny at
IA/. X. HESS.
HOTARY PUBLIC AND ATT0E2TZT-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, . Claus Spreckela bids.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence. 621 California St., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
AMUSEMENTS.
Symphony Concerts,
FRITZ SCHEEL, Sim
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
CHANGES OP DATES OP CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY anouncea that
the concerts under the /direction of MR.
SCHEEL will take place on TUESDAYS In-
stead of Fridays, at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will dc on TUESDAY. Aug. 25. at 3:15 p.
in. The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday,
Sept. 1; Tuesday. Sept. 8; Tuesday. Sept. 15;
Tuesday. Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 29; Tuesday,
Oct. 6. Seats on aale at Sherman & Clay's
Music Store, cor. Sutter and Kearny its..
Thursday morning and after. Price*: 50c $1,
$1 25. $1 60. Tickets good tor Tuesdays ot the
.week ot their dates.
TIV0JJSS5&
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THI3
WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Positively the last appearance of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
With the entire Tlvoll company in DeKuven'a
great comic opera. •
THE HIGHWAYMAN
DON'T MISS THE GREAT EVENT OF
THE COMIC OPERA SEASON.
TBS OEAND OFSSA SEASO3T
Will Opea oa KOKOAY, 31>t Znst.
Sale of seats begins THIS MORNING at •
o'clock. __„
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush D.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST 6 NIGHTS OF THE SEASON. i
LAST 8 NIGHTS S
BAYXOHS ASS CATZXLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company la
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday STANFORD .UNIVERSITY
NIGHT.
PRICES, 23c. SOe. 73c.
Commencing Next Sunday Night,
FOT.T.AKP UXiUPTTTXAjr COKPAST
In the •
"BEUCE OT IXW Y05UC."
PRICES— 13c. 25c. 60c. 75c
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 13c. 25c. 50a.
KEOUGH and BALLARD
Presenting "A VAUDEVILLE SURPRISE."
The Fleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company; Larkins and Patterson;
Koberti and Billoski; Bosie Ben-
del; John Le Clair; Heeley and
Meely and Lew Hawkins.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Op«ra Chain. 50c.
vUbUIWlDlM LEW THUiE
Powell Street. Near Market.
THIS WEEK. Every Night Except Sunday.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET~ANGLIN
In Richard Harding Davis' Comedy, I
THE TAMING
OF HELEN
August 31— "CAMILLE."
¦" 1^ ti ** J " Proprietors.
Market St., Near Elshth— Phone 8outh 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Sumptuous Production of Alexander Duma/
Masterpiece,
"CAMILLE."
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AS CAMILLB
HERSCHELL MAYALL as ARMAND DUVAL.
And Brilliant SupporUnjr Company.
DOTCC Eveninga 10c to BOo
rttltcj Matinees 10c. 15c. 290
MONDAY. August St.
"THE GBEAT SOTT."
IfAEjjFORNIA
I -f"^ ALL THIS WEEK 1 £Jl
Owlr.g to the enormous J 1
success, the ' ¦
7 r NEILL-MOROSCO CO. 7 r
.!«/ tvm contmoe t h9 great war •**'
tZ(\ Play. tzs\
," "SHENANDOAH" ZZ
JLO Don't miss the marvelous J&O
battle scene. It's the talk
of the town. Special matl-
Tt nees Thursday and Saturday &¦¦
I —MRS. DANE'S DEFENSK. C^
HEATRU
« y /"I A T A T^ Belasco * Mayer,
ALCAZAR .Bt.
Gen. Mgr.
1 U"illVin 1 • TrAffT WZZX.- —
USUAL MATINEES THURS. AND 8AT.
EXTRA MATINEE SUNDAY.
Greatest of Rural Comedies.
"THE DAIRY FARM"
BREAKING ALL RECORDS!
"It Is delightful, and every one able to secur*
seats Is fortunate." — The News Letter.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg., 25c to 75c; All Three Mats.. 15c to 50a.
NEXT. MONDAY— Special Season of ' ¦
PIiOBXNCI! ROBERTS
In "THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH."
>?-;¦>*' BEAT SALE THIS MORNING.
The same old story, nothing new. Hous*
packed to the doors again. This and next
week, remember, last ot
"QUO TABS *SS"
— AND—
I "THE BIO UTTLE PBOTCESS."
Funniest Burlesques on Earth.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINKIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. BOc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 23c and
BOo. Children at Matinees. 100 and 28c.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect -CABARET DB LA MORT."
V3IT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR,
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AMATZrcrS SfZOKT TKUXSPAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, Sc.
MISCELLANEOUS AHUSEMEIITS.
LYRliFHAiT^r^
Charles Frohman Presents
...EVERYMAN...
. Th« XV Century Morality Play.
Evenings — Commencing Wed., Sep\ 2, at 1:30 <
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at S.
Reserved SeaU 12. $1 00 and $1
At Sbermaa, Clay * Co."s from Wed., Aui. 29.
The Latest Stopes for $1.30
Our $1.30 hats are made up in the. styles, shapes and colors
identified; with the season. -It matters not how late a block you
want, you will find it in these $1.30 hats. The assortment is im-
mense., There are Derbys, Fedoras, Graecos, Alpines, Tourists,
Pashas, Three-in-Ones and Dunlap Crushers, in black, brown, cedar,
pearl, elm, steel, otter, etc. •
Furthermore, you will find these hats at $1.30 equal to any $2
hats in San Francisco, and- equal to most $2.50'; hats. Every hat
guaranteed— a new one free if the first one doesn't wear well.
Out-of-town orders filled - write for new 64-page illustrated catalogue.
T40 Market StreetSTANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Ang ..82 4<i .643 Portland ..5tt «5 .465
San Fran.. .74 K) .503 Seattle 54 70 .4X3
Sac 1 to 66 63 • .515 Oakland ....55 84 .395
Francisco 1, Portland 3. First base on called
balls — Off Hodson 1 off Thielman 2. Left on
bases — San Francisco 2. Portland 11. Struck
out — By Thielman 2. I Double play — Anderson
to Van Buren. Passed ball — Vlcneux. Time
of game — One hour and 30 minutes. Umpire —
Levy. I .
Loucks in Great Form.
Loucks, the former Tacoma twirler, wag
right there in the morning game. He
shut Uncle's bunch out with three measly
hits. They never seemed to have a chance
at the new man, who had them at his
mercy in every round. Herr received mis
erable support and the team seemed to go
to pieces. Lindsey finally relieved him
and managed to do better, but the game
was already lost. Shay did not show up,
so Lynch had to 'play short Herr and
Lindsey did the stunts in the left garden.
The score:
' Portland — San Francisco —
AB.R.H. P. A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Blake.cf. 4 3 12 0 Ldsy.lf.p 3 0 10 4
VBurn.lb 4 2 1 10 1 Meany.rf 3 0 0 2 0
Kadau.lf 3 0 110 Irwln,3b. 4 0 0 1 «
Andsn,2b 4 2 0 5 C Kelly, c. 4 0 £0 2 2
Frncs.3b. 1 ,0 1 0 0 Pabst.lb. 3 O 10 11 1
Hlgswh.s 3 1 1 1 ti Krug.cf.. 3 0 12 1
Hurlbt.rf 4 1 11 0 Lynch, s.. 3 0 0 5 3
6hes, c. 3 0 0 3 0 Delms.2b 3 0 14 3
Loucks.p 4 12 2 1 Herr.p.lf. 3 0 0 0 0
Raldy,3b 31022 —
Totals.,29 0 ¦ S 27 20
Totals..::.! 11 S 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland 2 10 6 0 10 1 0-^11
- Bace hits 2 2 0 3 0 1 0 (TO — 8
San Francisco,... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0,0 0 110 10 O— 3
SUMMARY.
Hits— Off " Herr 7, off Lindsey 1. Stolen
bases — Anderson 2, Pabst. Holllngsworth.
Ral<?y. Errors — Lynch 2. Herr, Lindsey. Blake.
Irwin, Bhea. Kelly. ...Three-base hit — Nadeau.
Two-baso hits — Delmas, Blake. Sacrifice hits
— Shea 2, Xadeau. First base on errore — San
Francisco 1, Portland 3. First base on called
balls — Off Herr 4. off Lindsey 3. off Loucks 4.
Left on bases— San Francisco 6, Portland 6.
Struck out— By Lindsey 1. by Louclts 3. Hit
by rltcher— Nadeau. Double plays—Holllngs
worth to Anderaon to Van . Buren (2). Wild
pitch — Lcucko. Time of game— 1 hour and 10
minutes. Umpire— Levy.
SACRAMENTO TEAM WINS.
St. Vrain Loses Control in the Sixth
and Eight Runs Are Scored.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 23.— The game to-day
COUNTY CRICKETERS
DEFEAT THE PACIFICS
Score One /Hundred and Thirty-One
Runs to Ninety-One for the
Losers.
The San Francisco County cricket
eleven defeated the Pacifies on the Ala
meda grounds yesterday In a pennant
match by a score of 131 to 91. For the
winners Richardson contributed 52 and P.
R. Johns 17. "For the Pacifies Dr. Taylor
scored 20 and A. W. Wilding 17. The
teams were made up as follows:
Pacifies — H. D. Bowley. A. W. Wilding, E.
T. Langdale, E. H. Lannowe, H. C. Casidy,
C. C. Williamson. W. Pethertck. F. Bennion.
W. Jamieson. C. W. Johnson, Dr. O. Taylor.
San Franciscos — E. G. Sloman, F. RJ Rich
ardson, B. Kortlans. E. Peterson. E.« H.
Wilkes, P. R. Johns, H. Roberts, H. W. Dlxon,
W. R. Stewart, M. C. Ross, T. H. A. Tiede
mann Jr.
KINLOCH PARK ENTRIES.
BT LOUIS. Aug. 23— Following are the Kin
lorn Park entries for tfl-niorrow:
Fire" race, five and a balf furlonr*, •eUlng—
Will Resume Boxing in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— The resumption of
the Reliance Athletic Club's boxing con
tests will take place Tuesday evening at
the clubhouse, on San Pablo avenue and
Seventeenth street. "The fifteen-round bout
between Toby Irwin and Billy Otts has
aroused much interest. The indications
are that a large attendance will result.
• •H"K"K":";"H k s h 1 : iim-h- e
Ann Dear 99, Bonnie Pardee 98, Canossa 90,
Lonlana 95. Allegrette 112. Easter Walters 101,
Interrogation 111. Alice Morgan 95, Huzzy 100,
Bessie B 98. Phillida 101, Jessie Weller 95, Our
Lillie 93, Pinky B 93.
Second race, six and a half fA-longs, selling,
purse — Lady Idris 95, SI Ah 104, Galanthus 102,
Miss Guido 100, Worthlngton 102. Rengaw 105,
Earn Houston 162, Charles C 102. MIm Aubrey
100, Kentucky Muddle 100, One More 102, Sting
95, Eleanor Howard 100, Tenny Belle 95, Dave
Sommers 1C5. '
Third race, seven furlongs, allowances, purso
— Optional 105, Crolx <TOr 107/ Orris 105
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse
— Rio Shannon 107. Bummer II 107. Baa d'Or
101. Little Scout 107.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Mag Nolln
fj. Mafalda 87, Kindred 119, Perla 85, Uranium
112, Forehand 90.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards. sell-
Ing— Varner 94, Macbeth 107, Rollick II 102
Hand*pinner 104, Moyle 105, Xeversuch 93
Marcos 103. The Four Hundred 100. Menace
J°7. Leenja 98, Jake Webber 106, Kentucky
Cardinal 96.
. KINLOCK PARK SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
. First race— Allegrette, Interroga
tion, Our Lillie. .
Second race — Dave Sommers,
Eleanor Howard, Miss Guido.
Third race— Optional, Croix d'Or,
Orris.
Fourth race — Baa d'Or, Little
Scout, Bummer II.
Fifth x race— Mag Nolin, Mafalda,
Forehand.
Sixth race— Leenja, Jake "Weber,
• Errors — Delmas 4, ¦ Thielman; Van , Buren,
Shay. Three-base • hit— Thielman. Two-base
hit— Holllngsworth. Sacrifice ¦ . . hits— Pabst,
Hodson, Krug. First base on errors— San
SUMMARY.
Portland .........0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0— l
Base hits ......2 2 1 0 1 1 2 ¦; 1 0— 10
San Francisco.... 0 . 0 2' 1 0 0 0 Ox — 3
. Base bits 0 10 10 0 1 Ox — 3
It was hard luck mixed with a deal of
bad baseball that forced the visitors from
Portland to accept second money during
the afternoon struggle. They hit the ball
hard enough to win two games, but nearly
all their efforts were wasted, and not till
the eighth round did they bring a man
over the pan. Hard luck also figured
some, but not enough to effecfthe North
ern clubbers had they played the game
as they ghould in the tight 'places.'
The men from the North hit Hodson at
will from the first Inning on, but they
never seemed able to bunch enough of the
safe blngles to bring in runs. Thielman.
for the visitors, was a mystery, yet the
home stickers managed to set to him for.
three runs, enough to^win the game and
with one to spare.
The fourth Inning brought disaster to
the Portland men. Delmas, the first bat
ter up, got a pass to first, and Hodson
laid down a bunt. ' Van Buren - dropped
Thielman's throw and Hodson was safe.
Shay struck out, but/Meany was there
strong enough to worK the German slab
ster for a base on balls and the bags were
loaded.
Irwin flew to the right garden and Del
mas had ample time to beat the throw to
the plate. Thielman secured the ball and
Insisted in throwing it to second tcf catch
Meany napping.
Meany was not causht asleep. Instead
he hugged the Dag and Thielman's throw
went far to the outfield. Hodson came in
amid the cheers of the multitude while
the Portland fielders were giving chase to
the elusive leather as it wended its course
out to. the score board.
During the next spasm the home team
got In the third and last tally. Pabst
was lucky enough to tear off a hit which
barely escaped the clutches of Holllngs
worth. Krug bunted and the big first
baseman rested on second. - Sammy Vig
neux, who had taken Shea's olace after
the latter had. been Injured In the previous
inning, allowed one of Thielman's . fast
ones to Dass him. This put Pabst on
third. Lynch's out from second to
first was enough to j bring Pabst ' bi with
the last i tally for Uncle..
The Northerners were blanked to a fare
ye-well till the eighth, when Thielman
solved one of Hodaon's slow ones , and
sent it out to left field for a three-bagger.
Blake was also there with a swat. As
his bingle was traveling out in the dlrec
tlorrtff left Thielman sneaked in with the
only tally for the Portlanders. Score:
Portland— San, Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Blake.cf. 4 0 11 OShay.s... 4 0 0 3 2
VBrn.lb. 5 0 115 0 Meany.rf 3 0 0 3 0
Xdeau.If. 5 0 12 0 Irwin,3b 3 0 0 3 1
Andsn,2b 4 0 12 4 Leahy.c. 3 0 1, 2 1
Frncl»,3b 4 0 10 5 Pabst,lb. 2 11 9 0
Hgwth.s 4 0 2 0 1 Krug.cf . 2 0 0 2 1
Hrlbrt,rf 4 0 0 1 0 Lynch.lf. 3T 0 "1 4' 0
Shea.c. 1 0 1' 2 0 Delms,2b 2 1 0 12
Thlmn.p. 4 12 1 3 Hod son, p 2 10 0 1
Vgneux.c 3 0-0 00- .
Totals 23 3 - 3 27 8
TotaU 33 1 10 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
THE men who wandered away from
their homes In Portland with
dreams of more baseball plory re
ceived an even break here both in
yesterday's*carnlval and In the
week's series. The victories were two
apiece when the teams met at Oakland
during the sunshine hours. Portland took
the initial skirmish without difficulty by
a score of 11 to 0. Dame Fortune double
crossed them In the afternoon same at
Recreation Park and they succumbed, 3
to 1. •
Open Etake. s«oond round — Bob R beat To
basco Bob. 0-5; Sofala beat Otto, 7-3; Shadow
beat Slievenamon. 5-4; Wedgewood beat White
Hat, 7-0; Dorothy M beat Grace W, 7-1: Med
l»y b<»at Bonnie Hughle, 4-0; Topsy Turvey
beat Tom Hurlick. 5-3; Wattles beat Money-
Musk. 5-0; Presidio Boy beat Go On. 22-3; Mod
est Beauty beat Mary Ann. 5-0; Young: Fear
less beat Belfast. 7-0; Miss Wilson beat Irvlng
tcn Tralee. 7-5; May Hempstead beat Concord
Boy. 0-3; Odd Eyes beat King's Pride, 7-3;
Melrose beat Siren, 10-7; Little Mercy beat
Rural Artist. 5-3 ; Tukon beat Firm Fellow 6-4;
Flora Bflle beat Rockefeller. 8-2; Our Myra
beat Piker. 5-0; Pasha Pleasant beat Ragtime,
13-6; Aggie W beat Vina, 5-0; Fannie Hughle
beat Meddlesome, 5-2; Haddington beat Red
wood Lad. 5-0; General De Wet beat Royal
Friend, 5-3; Renegade Apache beat Una, 5-2;
Thetis a bye; Half moon beat Marguerltte, 8-2;
Master Clair beat Beluga, 7-5.
Third round — Sofala beat Bob R, 3-1; Wedge
wood boat Shadow, C-2; Medley a bye; Topsy-
Turvey beat Wattles. 8-7; Modest Beauty beat
Presidio Boy, 8-6; Young Fearless beat Miss
Wilson. «-0; May Hempstead b?at Odd Eyes,
4-0; Little Mercy beat Melrose. 4-3; Yukon beat
Flora Belle. C-3; Pasha Pleasant beat Our
Myra. 13-3; Aggie W beat Fannie Hughle. 5-0;
General De Wet beat Haddington. 4-1; Rene
gade Apache beat Thetis. 8-C; Master Clair
beat Halfmoon, 4-1.
Fourth round — Sofala beat Wedgewood. 7-4;
Medley beat Topsy-Turvey. 7-6; Young Fear
less beat Modest Beauty. f.-0: May Hempstead
beat Little Mercy. 5-4; Yukon beat Pasha
Pleasant. 8-5; Aggie W beat General De Wet,
O-O: Renegade Apache beat Master Clair. 12-3.
Fifth round — Sofala beat Medley. 3-2; Young
Fearless beat May Hempstead, 5-0; Aggie W
beat Yukon. 3-2; Renegade Apache a bye.
Sixth round — Young Fearless beat Sofala, 5-0;
Apgle W beat Renegade Apache, 7-5.
Deciding course — Young Fearless beat Aggie
W. 14-4. x
Young Fearless, Jerry O'Shea's clever
courser, won the 112 -dog open stake at In
gleside Coursing Park yesterday In easy,
style. Aggie W was his opponent in the
deciding course, but her best efforts
availed but little against the mighty son
of Young America, the victor In many
stakes. Up to the final none of the hounds
slipped with Young Fearless could regis
ter a point against In his last trial
he beat Aggie W 14 to 4.
The hares were the best lot that have
been liberated on the field. In the course
between Dorothy M and Grace W the jack
kept the pair going for the full time limit
and made an ea?y escape even after six
relief dogs had joined in the chase.
The coursing throughout was of an even '
mature, with but few short ends raising
a flag.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
YOUNG FEARLESS TAKES
. INGLESIDE OPEN STAKE
Jerry O 'Shea's Clever Courser Beats
Aggie W for Honors in Decid- 7
ing Course.
The anchor race of the California Tacht
•Club yesterday was won by the sloop
Jessie E, owned by Ll Rosenfeld and
called by Captain John T. Carrier.
Ex-Commodore Sidney S. Marshall of
the California Yacht Club brought his
boat, the Thelma, In second. The Idler,
Commodore George M. Shaw, was third.
The course was covered by the Jessie
E in one hour and fifty minutes over a
course of about ten miles, starting at the
broad-gauge mole, thence to Mission
Rock, thence to Blossom Rock and from
I there to the starting point. The Jessie
j E passed in seven minutes ahead of the
j Thelma. Other boats that participated
! in the race were the Iola, Amy, Elthe,
J Rover, Pilgrim and Pactolus.
The actual time required by the yachts
i to cover the course was: Jessie E, 1:56:10;
I Thelma, 1:57:52; Idler, 2:13:04; Elthe,
! 2:17:18, and Iola, 2:23:41.
The committee that arranged and
judged the race consisted of August
I Brandes. William McBain and R. I*
I Eames.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS,
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Instructor, Banwell,
Chapel.
Second race— Senator Matts, Joe
McGee, Indian.
Third race— Auditor, English Lad,
Don Domo.
Fourth race^ — Postmaster' 1 Wright,
Warte Nicht, Dr. Stephens.
Fifth race — Bard of Avon, 0'Hagen,
Pronta.
Sixth race— Orfeo, Big Ben, Col
lonade.
Sixth race, cix furlongs — Bob Franklin 100
Lendin 100. Collonade 100, Xervator 100. StemI
winder 100. Mindora 100. The Don WO Pea
IUd?e 07. Ontonagon 97, Jackfull 97, Big Ben
:>". Orfeo 07. Flyer 9", Ocean Dream 95, Lady
Anna 05.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Crestfallen 115
The Ledaean 112. O'Hagen 109, Silver FJzz
1U9. Marshall* 106. Slap Dash 106, Bard of
Avon 106, Ivernia 104. Barrica 104. Gracious
1O*. Carat 104, Pront* 102. Moor 101. Frank
M 101. Pomney 99.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles handi
cap — Dr. Stephens 110, Postmaster Wright 107
Warte Nlcbt 104.
Third race, six furlongs, Monadnoclc handi
cap — English Lad li». Auditor 119, Don Domo
llfc, Pr. Stiver Wing* 112, J. P. Mayberry 112
Elwood 110, Flower King 108, Trj-onrf08 Com
modore 100. Nellie Cromwell 97.
Second race. Fteeplechase, short course han
dicap — Senator Mans 143, Indian II 142. Trenct
the Mere 140. Dagraar 138. Oliver Me 136 Al
lerhany 135, Joe McGee 130.
— Enverlte 113. Apple 113, Delemont 110. Rhyl
110. The Hebrew lus. Freckman 108, Instructor
108, Banwell 108. Charlie Slade 108. Chapel
108, Darro 10S, Falernian 108. Lanark 105.
Grangeman 105. Chockyette 105.
nd a half furlongs, maidens
Kinst race, ftvf
CHICAGO. Aug. 23.— Following are the Haw
thorne entries for to-morrow:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Stuyve, Jane Holly,
IceWater.
Second race — Higbie, Adjidaumo,
Eophone.
Third race — Hazelwood, Jocund,
Monochord.
Fourth race — Wild Thyme, Tarn
O'Shanter, Reservation.
Fifth race — Juvenal Maxim, Min
eola, For Luck.
Sixth race — Royal, Talala, Choate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 'J3.— Following are the
f.'.ratopa entries for to-morrow:
First race, spven furlongs, selling, three
:.-ear-oldi= and up — Paget IMS, Canajoharie 10».
Thorneyeroft 10s, Royal 113, Lacy Crawford
*«i. Prince Chlng »G, Blue and Orange 107.
Inmaskcd 113. Jane Holly 108. Trinity Bell 108.
Ice Water 103. Princess Talane 100, Young
H<r.ry U5. Stuyve 1C3. Syrlln 105, The Guards,
man 101. Orloff lul. Geld Ball 110.
Second race, sreeplechase, handicap, short
course, four-vear-olcis and up — Higbie 157.
Eophone 150. TV-n Candles 15C. £allust 150. Ad
judii'jtr.o 14!», Knrijrht 142. \>lp 142, Ohnet 140.
Step Lively 140. Farmer's Foe 1SS. Manilian
LS2, Draughtsman 1S2, Bounder 132, Stiver
Twist. J3o, Solomon <formerly Highway) 130.
Third rat*, six furlongs, handicap, two-year
nld»— Jocund 120, ilazlewood 123, Hippocrates
IX*. Maoedo 120. The Buck 119. Bath Beach
I IB, Yellow Hammer 115. Bobaiill 114. Long
Spur 113. Chan-iplaln 113, Blackamoor 110,
ilcnocfcord .110.
Fourth rr.ee, on? and an eighth miles, sell
ing, the Mohawk, for three-year-olds — Beverly
'.th. Leader 1C<;. Embarrassment 100. Florham
<»»viecn W5. Tarn o f Shanter 103. Sheriff Bell
US, Dark Planet JOC, Tugal Bey 111, Gaviota
1"1, Esherln 100, Wild Thymne 101, Reserva
tion lltt. ScoiTer 100.
Fifth race, maiden two-year-olds, five and
a half furlongs — Coal Black Lad? 107. Rock
away 110. UequUer 110, Charter 107. Fort Plain
i:«J. Strcjjhon 110. Sals 110, Good Cheer 110.
Juvenal Maxim 11.0, Flexion 110. Gay Lothario
!1<>, Dutiful 110. Gananogue 107, Tepee 107,
M*neola 107. Komorr.bo 107. For Luck 107.
rao% one and a Flxteenth miles on turf,
telling, three-year-olds and up — Paget 88, Sa-
Irra 100. PeUuket 121. Krnest Parham 103,
Ronl 109, Ohoate 100, Talala !H>. Dark Planet
103, MoI'.Ie Rtchardu 101. Cincinnatus 101, Car
roll I> 106. Uinksie 102.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
to shoulder 127 pounds Impost, that has
proved too much for him In previous
aaccs.
August Belmont's Magistrate Is the best
eligible in Trainer Hyland's care.
Of the colt division there are many dan
gerous factors. John E. Madden has pre
dicted his colors will be carried in tri
umph by Adbell. Many turfmen are in
clined to the belief that James R. Keene
will furnish the Futurity winner in his
bis Kingston colt, Delhi.
• W. C. Whitney will probably start Stal
wart, Mercury and Hylas. The first
named has been running In rather disap
pointing mai:ner at the Springs. Mercury,
in spite of fast trials, appears to be slow
in coming to hand. S. S. Brown's hopes
are centered in his game little son of
Ben Brush, Broomstick, which will have
and Is a sure starter. Other fillies of note
mentioned as possible starters are August
Btlmont's Beldame and R. W. Walden's
Contentious.
the great race is proved by the report
that is prevalent that he has already
¦rascred $3000 against $15,000 with "Dick"
Krstrick that she will defeat her field. C.
Fellows Jr. has also wagered $2000 on
Han-.Karg Belle at the same odds.
Fred Gcbhard believes he has Hamburg
Belle's equal in the Plaudit nlly Raglan,
which he purchasea recently from John
K. Madden at Saratoga. Raglan is a half
;:i£ier to Gunfire and has already shown
both high racing quality and stamina.
Another crack filly which earned brackets
early in the season is Foxhall Keene's
Dovecote, by Kingston-Cushat. She has
been especially reserved for the Futurity
That Sydney Paget thinks she will win
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— The greatest
two-year-old event of the year, the $50,000
Futurity, •will be run at Sheepshead Bay
next Saturday. From present Indications
ihe race will attract possibly twenty colts
and fillies tf the post.
The KTcat flight of speed displayed by
Sidney Pagcfs Hamburg Belle In the fifth
race yesterday and her prospects of win
ning the Futurity were the subjects to
day of wide discussion. She will have 114
pounds up and Fuller will ride her. With
hor wonderful quickness at getting away,
as well as the well known disposition of
Fuller to take chances, her chance is re
garded as second to none. It was~not
known until to-day that Fuller rode the
filly yesterday with both feet out of the
stirrups for the first nfty yards or more.
The reason she did not burst away from
hf-r field at once was because her Jockey
was busy getting matters straight. In
cplte of this handfeap she ran the first
furlong in 10 4-5 seconds and the quarter
in £2 4-5 seconds. She won with such ea^e
•.hat turfmen declared that if the race
was at one mile she would have won by
a quarter cf a mile.
Ex- Commodore Marshall Fin
ishes Second With
the Thelma.
Hamburg Belle Is Considered
the Pick of the
Entries.
Twenty High Class
Youngsters May Face
the Starter.
Wins the Annual Con
test of the California
Yacht Club.
Thielman Allows the Native Stickers Only Three Scattered Hits, Yet He
Loses Through Unfortunate 'Errors— 'Loucks Cleverly Shuts Out the San
Franciscos During the Morning Engagement on the Oakland Diamond
wm a long-drawn-out affair with all kinds of
ball playing and some terrific batting. In the
first Inning the Slwashes made five hits and
five runs off Cutter and the spectators were
disgusted. St. Vraln. who was twirling for the
visitors, held the Senators down until the sixth
Inning, when he became wild. This, combined
with several hits, | allowed eight runs to cross
the plate. This put the spectators In good
humor again. Score:
Sacramento— SeattU
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey,2b 4 12 5 3 Lmley.cf 4 114 0
Hldbrd.lf 4 1111 Mohlr,2b 4 112 3
McLgn.rf 5 12 0 0 Bhear.lb 5 0 1 10 1
Eagan.B. 6 1 2 1 6 Snilth.lf. ft 2 2 2 0
fihehn,3b 6 0 2 8 2 Znsssr.rt 4 2 3 2 1
Doyle.cf. 5 10 5 0 Andw.3b 5 1 A 0 1
Orahm.c. 3 113 (1 Dolan.s. 5 12 3 0
Hogan.lb 4 3 3 0 0 Bttger.c. 4 0 12 4
Cutter.p. 2 8 1 0-3 St.Vrn.p 20110
Crrlck.p. 2 0 0 10
Totals 87 12 14 27 14
Totals 40 6 16 27 10
v RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 2 0 0 8 2 0 0 12
Base hits .0 0 2 0 16 8 2 1—14
Seattle »...:5 00 01 2 0 0 0—8
Base hits .5 0 20 3 3 0 2 1—18
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Graham, . '. Smith, Brashear,
Boettlger, Dolan, Andrews.. Errors — Hilde
brand, Dolan, Smith. Hits off St. Vraln 4, off
PORTLAND'S HARD HITTING FIRST BASEMAN AND THE BIG
PITCHER WHO WON THE MEMORABLE FIFTEEN INNING GAME
AGAINST THE SAN FRANCISCO CLUB ON SATURDAY. •
MANY CANDIDATES
FOR FUTURITY
JESSIE E FIRST
IN ANCHOR RACE
PORTLAND WINS THE INITIAL GAME,
BUT MEETS DEFEAT IN THE SECOND
CHICAGO, Aug.. 23.— Representatives of
the : American Baseball League, the Na
tional Baseball League and <he minor
leagues of the National Association will
meet in Buffalo on Tuesday to frame a
new national baseball agreement. The
committee which is to represent- the Na
tional League and the minor j leagues has
been appointed. That ; which will serve
the American . League has been decided
upon, but will not be announced until the
time of the gathering.
President Pulllam of the National
League, ex-offlcio, and Magnates Hart of
Chicago and Hermann of Cincinnati will
seryet for the old league, while President
Powers of the Eastern . League, together
with > President Farrell of the New York
State League and President Sexton of the
Western and "Three I" leagues, will rep
resent the minor leagues. "
To Frame New Baseball Agreement.
The final shoot of the California "Wing
Club for the season of 1003 was held yes
terday at the Ingleslde grounds. Clarence
Nauman captured first honors for the sea
son with 96 birds to his credit. Amonf
other high guns were Donohoe and Bark
er 94, McConncll 93, Murdoch and Feudnor
91 and Go'.cher and Halght 90. Yester
day's scores follow:
Ftnal shoot. California Wing Club season
1903. twenty birds-Nauman, S3 y.rds **o
birds; Feudner. 32— 17; Donohoe. 32- »• MuT
dock. 31— IS: Halght, 30—19- Gibson V "t."
McConnell. 29-20; Barker. 29S wlifi :
28-l^Derby. »-19; Kl^hlTifcJ J&
85&538SE- HoIm^VS-^h^
30—14; Stone. 2TV-20; Bckeart ni-ib- ?Sf»i,f*
s^nT"oiYs Sylve3ter (RUeat >' a^ 9^ •lut >
E'lght-blrd raw — G. W » OifM^U. t .
Eight-bird race— Haight 8 Kmt,. •" r^ °
hoe «„ Justina withdraw, xluinan 7 ' n °*
Clever Wingshot Makes Top Score
for the Season Just
Closed.
NAUMAN IS HIGH GUN
IN THE PIGEON SHOOT
Puppy stake— Ploughman beat Pacific 30-0-
Rocker Arm beat Our Motto. 18-11 • Que#rt>>
Motto beat Balmy Climate. 13-5; Paclnc ni u
beat Mountain Poet.' 21-14; CubanoU hilt
Equator. 12-5: Balendlne beat Dartaway i(v|.
Free From Flaw beat Flnoola. 7-5- FanVv ijvfi
beat Gunfire. 10-2; Rocklln Boy beat Rabv \f,
rora, 10-7: King Death beat ProgTMo 9 r"
Concord Tralee beat Baby Bvron 21 7-* i»».u
Lad beat Beauty Gold. 15-4; Cremo beat Min
wShdVaTn"' 10 - 3: MCVCy *
. Second round— Ploughman a bye. Rocker
Arm withdrawn; Queen's Motto h#.»f j>Tf
Billle. 8-0: Cubanola beat Balendine i\ i" K
Free From Flaw beat Fancy Free b3>- i&£ :
lin Boy beat Kln S Death. 10-3- Conewd" t£u"
beat Irish Lad. 5-0; McVey b£t <S *¦ £? Ied
Third round-Queen'., Motto t>eat PVou-hman
Fourth round — Lord Brazen beat Real Ar
tide, 5-0; Rector beat Haphazard, 5-4; Vandal
beat Pepper Hill. 7-5. vanaal
Fifth round— Lord Brazen beat Rector 4-3-
Vandal a bye. * ""•
Deciding course— Lord .Brazen beat Vandal
Third round — Lord Brazen beat Cloverdale
8-2; Real Article beat Fontenoy, 5-0; Haphaz'
ard beat Fenil. 5-4; Rector beat Fair Tralee
8-2; Vandal a bye. Viking withdrawn; Pepper
Hill beat Snapper Garrison. 9-8.
Second round — Lord Brazen beat Reno, 4-3-
Cloverdale beat Reckless Acrobat. 8-8; Fon
tenoy a bye. Ml Amlgo withdrawn; Real Ar
ticle beat Free Born. 7-3; Haphazard beat
Mickey Free, 3-2; Fenll beat Roman Athlete
4-0; Rector beat Tralee Boy. 8-4: Fair Tral»*
beat Yankee Boy. 14-2; Viking beat Honest
John. 23-4; Vandal beat Liberator. 5-4- Snap
per Garrison beat Red Rock. 7-6; Pepper HIM
beat Algle McDonald. 5-0. lm
There were but two surprises in the
betting. Kocklin Boy beating Raby Au
rora; the 1 to 5 choice, and Rocker Arm
beating Our Motto, a 1 to 3 shot.
The open stake was won by Lord Bra
zen, which defeated in turn Reno, Clover
dale, Real Article, Rector and, in the de
ciding trial. Vandal. The score in the
latter was 10 to 1. The betting was at
the same figures.
Andrew Dean was in the saddle for the
first time at this park and acquitted him
self creditably. The results in detail,
with Judge Dean's official scores, follow:
Open stake — Lord Brazen a bye. Rubber
Ankles -withdrawn; Reno beat Ragged Actor
14-7: Cloverdale beat Frisky Barbara, 4-0-
Reckless Acrobat beat Flying Fox, 7-2; m!
Amlgo beat America, 22-6; Fontenoy beat Belle
Free, -5-1; Free Born beat Ruby Sankey, 6-5-
Real Article beat Bonnie Pasha, S-5; Haphaz
ard beat Idaho Boy, 13-10: Mickey Free beat
Flaunt, 12-7; Fenli beat Thelma, 14-9; Roman
Athlete beat Boots, 9-1; Tralee Boy beat
Glancing Pasha, 3-1; Rector beat Silver Cloud
6-0; Yankee Boy beat False Alarm, 6-5; Fair
Tralee beat Pocatelli. 6-4; Honest John beat
Lady Flyer, 4-3: Viking beat Fair Oaks, 4-o-
Liberator beat Don Pedro, 14-3; Vandal beat
Dear Gaston, 6-0; Red Rock beat Cluster. 7-6-
Snapper Garrison beat Sweet Peas. 18-0; Pep^
per Hill a bye. Klttleman withdrawn- Algle
McDonald beat John Heenan, "13-9. ,
II. C. Delano's white and black grey
hound McVey, the promising son of Fet
ter Free-Dawn, won the puppy stake at
Union Coursing Park in dashing style.
He met Frank McComb's Futurity can
didate, Queen's Motto, in the deciding
course, which he won by a score of seven
points to three. He was conceding her
six months in age, but even with this ad
vantage 'she was out footed throughout
the trial.
Concedes Queen's Motto Six Months
in Age and Then Wins All
the "Way.
Stolen -bases — Dillon, Ross, Toman 2. Er
rors — Schwartz 3, Baxter and Cooper. Home
run — Corbett: Two-base hit — Cravath. Sacra
nce hits — Wheeler, Ross, Dillon. First ba«e
on errors — Los Angeles 2. First base on balls—
Off Cooper H, off Wheeler 2. Struck out By
Wheeler 3. Left on bases — Los Angeles 8. Oak
land 2. Hit by pitcher — Gorton. Balk— Cooper
Time of game— One hour forty-five minutes
Umpire—^McDonald.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. ' 23. — Captain Dillon
took Wheeler off second base to-day and put
him in the box. That is the chief reason Oak
land failed to score a run or get anywhere
near the plate. Three singles was all Loh
man's cripples could do with Wheeler's curves.
Cooper was easy for the locals. His support'
was ragged at times. Mardock made a circus
catch of a long hit from Corbett's' bat. Cor
bett played second baae in fine style. He also
scored a home run hit, which fell near the
spot where Truck- Eagan's famous long hit
landed. Captain Dillon was presented with
a magnificent silver tea eet as he went to bat
In the first Inning in recognition of his work
for-the team and In honor of his recent wed
ding. It was presented by the Los Angeles
Baseball Association. Attendance, 5000. Score:
Los Angeles— Oakland—
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Hoy, ct 12 12 0 O'Hra.cf 3 0 1 0 0
Whleer.p 4 1-08 lil'ncka. s 4 0 0 2 1
Gmlth.Sb 5=1 0 1 . 2;Mrdck,rf 4 0 0 4 0
Dillon. 1b 4, 1 2 9 1 ShwU.2b 4 0 0 4 6
Crvth, rf 5 13 1 U|Utkmn,lf 3 0 10 0
Ross, If 3 O 0 5 0,r»orton,c 2 0 0 4 1
Toman, ss 4 0 1 1 1 llssrly.lb 3 0 0 10 0
Spies, c.3 0 1 3 3 |:axter,3b 3 0 0 0 2
Corbtt,2b 4 1 1 - 2 l.Cooper.p 2 0 10 0
Totals.33 7 9 27 9/ Totals.28 0 3 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 O 0 12 0 4 0 x— 7
Base Jilts 1 0 0-12 1 3 1 x— 9
Oakland .0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Base hits ....... 0 0 0, 0 0 2 1 • 0—3
• SUMMARY.
Famous Pitcher Plays Second Base
Cleverly—Present for Dillon.
HOME RUN ;F0R CORBETT.
Carrlck 10. Three-base, Alt— ZInesar. Two
base hit— Casey. Sacrifice hit— Zlnssar. First
base on errors — Sacramento 1. First base on
called balls— Off Cutter 2. off St. Vrain 9, oft
Carrlck 1. Left on bases — Sacramento 10,
Seattle 10. Struck out — By Cutter 1, by St.
Vraln 1. by Carrick 1. Hit by pitcher — Mohler
Hlldcbrand, Cutter. Double plays — Brashear
unassisted; Zlns«ar to Brashear. Wild pitch—
St. Vraln. Time of game — Two hours and 45
minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
McVEY IS THE VICTOR
IN COURSING STAKE
Red Men's shooting company, monthly medal
shooting — Champion class. John D. Felderaann,
366; first class. Herman Schult. 353; second
class. John Steiner. 304; third class. D. Tamke.
327: fourth elasa. John Schmitt. 363; best fln«t
shot. John Steiner. 22: best last shoti D.
Tamke. 24. Monthly bullseye shooting — First
prize. Captain L. Sleke's medal, Henry Schulz,
344: second, C. Otdberg. 443: third. P. H.
Ruin's, 780; fourth, C. G. Strippel. 940; fifth,
John D. Feldermann, 1065.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Crab, monthly
medal competition, club trophy — M. F. Bla«se.
212: G. Tamraeyer. 209; W. F. Blasse. "TH*
Medal bars — Max Kolander. 220. 212. 205- M*
F. Blasse. 217. 218, 212; G. Tammeyer '"©7"
203. Pistol club trophy— J. Kullmann. S7- C.'.
Armstrong, 85. Re-entry matctj — G. Ana
strong, 02, 81, 90. 89. S8. 83, 87, 88, 88, 89- J.
Kullmann. 91. 87: F. Kingston. 80; B. Jonas.
81. S3; W. F. Blasse, 88, 88. Revolver club
trophy— J. E. Gorman, 03; J. R. Trego. 84:
B. Jonas. 79; W. F. Blasse. 7S. Re-entry
match — J. R. Trego, 92: W. F. Blasse. 83 SI.
85. S5; J. Kullmann, 84; J. E. Gorman. 90.
Rapid fire match (six shots in thirty second)—
J. E. Gorman. 53. 49. 47, 46. 46. 45. 43. 41; J. R.
Trego. 53. 44. 41. 39.
State shooting of the Nationals, comprising
*»"'*" B , « nd C. First Artillery Regiment!
N.G C. distance 200. 30O and SCO yards:
CC.de Wolf. 25. 23. 20; 3. H. Stewart. 2t.
23, 7; C. Wymann. 22. 6 IT- J C Easrtil.
10. 14. 13; C. A. Mill,. 2. 0. 0; H. J Or" lV
19 21; W. C. Mallett. 19. 20. IS; G. C Ha*
«fM. 5. 2 7; H. H. Mitchell. 16..12. « M
Slinkey. 17. 14. 7; T. T. Smith. 19. 19 11-
A. S. -Stuart. 8. 17. 4: C. Vocke. .10* 11 \o'
J. C. Nagle. 14. 11, 13; J. C. Roberto M ¦ C
A Johnson. 10. 15. 6; P. L. Sawyers.' 21 ' 2.J*
12; Corporal H. W. Mitchell, 19. 22. 21- j'
L. Hess. 19. 17. IS; R. C.. Dispau ©' «•
Sergeant A. H. Hatfield. 24. 20. i9- J a DariV
14. 4. 10; C. J. Kibblsh. 21. 8. 7; V B Griff
20. 12. 8; C. W. Boxton. 22. 15. 9- F H -St?"
I? n ; *!' S^JSr'Jh. R - Altken. 8. 5.' 20: W. k
Lnfred. 23. 22: J. Meyer. 25. 23; W. J. Lortraer
22. 21; Corporal J. W. Cobby 25
23; W. W. Thompson. 22. 23: Cantain.
Grattan. 16 22: G. R. dark. 8. uSl; F J
McMamis. 12, 12. 0; H. J. KalthofT..lti. 13 10 •
J. W. Oalbraith. ». 21. 23; C. B* HeimanY
23. 14. 23; F. J. Povey. 23. 24. 23: ft., iffil""*
19. 12. 6; A. K. Anderson. 2 i. 25; E.
mann. 20. 8. »; E. O. Teal. 13. 16. 13^a ft
Cordee. 13. 10. 2: C. W. Farrow. 8 l<j'"io" T
McGilvery. 22, 23. 22; F. J. Kane SI 25 15-.
W. B. Fields. 2.J. 20. 13; W. S. Cbllett !» ••!
« 9:^\, C - g° n ' fleld . 17 - 5: J. W. Slrchner.' SO."
6. 10; W. D. Grant, 24. 12. 23- G L. Harvev
22. 21 23; M. Smith. 15. 17. 6: S.'x.'AndVoZ', .
15, IS. »: H. L. Musgrave 23; 21, 25- J s
Jones. 22, 16, 22; C. Tooker. 19, 22, 21 : g' C
Osborne, 10. 0, 6; W. G. Petty, 19 IS !•»•" £>*
Conroy. 13. 10. 5; J. E. Flynn, 23. 15. 24- Cor
poral E. O. Suelflohn. 20. 24 19- H I*. Eil-i
wcrth. 13, 10. 15; T. Berton 19. 3 2- J F
Mullen. 9, 11, 13; C. McDonald 22 "1 "0-
A. F. Leavitt. 0, 9. 12: C. F. Waltham* 23*
19, 25; A. Gerdes, 22. 15. 16; G. J. fatty. ML
18. 21; J. N\ Ross. 23, 20. 22: J. Armstrong °
21. 13. 0; B. Suelflohn, 23, 19. IS.
The best centers were made* In the follow
ing order: First. J. C. Waller. 165 points: see
s'" 1 :. E f, H " Go * tze . 1*0: .third. Charles* Tnicr
bach, 106; fourth. Otto Bremer. 233- fifth
Henry Meyer. 277; sixth, A. Pape. 2W »ev-
1 ' D ; .?* *^ kt^' :J5a: el « nth - A. Bertersen.
Jtl; ninth. David Salnem. U68; tenth A
Strecker. 387; eleventh. H. Stelling. ' 33a :
twelfth. C. M. Henderson. 426; thirteenth. N
Ahrens, 430; fourteenth. Captain John Thodc
KB; fifteenth, Al Gehret. 661; sixteenth. Philo
Jacoby. Bbb; seventeenth. F. P. Schuster m>3
eighteenth, John Tiedeman. 612; nineteenth K.'
Werthelmer. 619; twentieth. George H. Bahrs
bOl. *
¦ Most bullseyes on premium ticket: Aue
Pape 13, A. Strecker 12, Al Gehret 11, D w!
Faktor », Otto Bremer 7. J. C. Waller 6. F P
Schuster 5. David Salneld 5. Charles Th'elr
bach 5. Ed H. Goetze "*. H. Huber 4, H Meyer
4. N. Ahrens 3. Max Kolar.der 3. Georse H
Bahrs 3.
Most points— A. Tape .".08, D. Salfleld SOrt.
D. B. Faktor 3S». Al Gehret 320. George H.
Bahrs 201. A. Streckcr 183, C. Breuner 17«.
Charles Thlerbach 154. F. P. Schuster 133. N.
Ahrens 135, Aus. Jungblut 102. Ed H. Goetze
»4. C. M. Henderson ***, D. Huntemann 77.
Philo Jacoby 70. K. Werthelmer 6<>. Henry
Meyer 61, William Garms* 59, M. F. Blasse 4C>.
Henry Stelling 40, J. C. Waller 40.
The scores made by the marksmen who
took part in the shooting of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein were close.
Philo Jacoby opened the proceedings of
the day by causing the marker to wave
the red flag, an Indication -that a center
had been made. Al. Oehret closed the
morning's work by making a JHUlseye.
The afternoon shooting was led off by Da
vid Salfield, who scored a center. D. B.
Faktor brought the day's proceedings to
a close^ by scoring a bullseye.
Excellent work was done by A. Pape.
his fine run of seven three-inch bullseyes
in succession being xemarkable. The
scores follow:
The rifle ranges at Shell Mound Park
were crowded yesterday with members of
the Nationals, San Francisco Schuetzea
Verein, Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club
and the Red Men's Shooting Company.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein held
its forty-fifth annual xestival. The State
shoot of the Nationals resulted in some
fine scores, several of the guardsmen at
taining the possible at the different dis
tances. C. C. de Wolf, J. Meyer, Cor
poral J. W. Cobby and W. S. Collett each
made 25 points at the 200-yard ranfe. A.
E. Anderson and F. J. Kane scored* th©
possible at 300 yards. F. J. Povey. H. L.
Musgrave and C. F. Waltham performed
the difficult task of making the possible
25 points at the 500-yard target. .
F. J. Povey did the best shooting of the
day for his organization, making tfe ex
cellent scores of 23, 24 and 25 a't the 200,
300 and 500 yard targets.
Colonel Delos D. Neer of Portland. Pr.,
who served during the Civil War with
Captain L. Slebe, was an interested spec
tator and tried his hand and aim at the
military target. The colonel and Captai:;
Slebe served in Company K. One Hundred
and Thirty-third New York Volunteer In
fantry Regiment. As they had not met
for more.than thirty years* they made the
most of the occasion.
Collier and Mitchell have been practic
ing regularly and are at their best. Col
lier has concluded that his driving game
is not certain enough to win for him in
a tournament and is practicing chopping
the ball. Mitchell has a variety of strokes
and does not depend entirely upon any
one. .Of the three MacGavin is probably
the strongest player. Much Is expected
of him in the San Rafael tournaments.
He will again play with Smith in the
doubles. They are counted upon to win
the tournament and contest with Bell and
Freeman for the championship.
On the California courts Grant Smith
and Harry Rolfe had a good three-set
match. Smith won all three sets, but
Rolfe made a good showing. The win
ner had a variety of serves that kept his
opponent guessing throughout the match.
Herbert Long played five sets with Har
ry Butler. After losing the first one by
a small margin he took the next four, all
of which, however, were close.
The best matches on the park courts
were two doubles, in which the contest
ants were Harry Routh. Clarence Grif
fin, J. R. Lewis and Charles Foley. In
the first match Routh and Foley won two
sets out of three and in the second Lewis
and Griffin won two straight. Lewis has
shown wonderful improvement in the last
two months. He has already worked his
way up to the top In the third class and
will probably go Into the second before
long.
The matches played on the various
courts resulted as follows:
San Rafael — Drummond MacGavin beat W.
B. Collier, 6-4, 7-5, 2-6; Frank Mitchell beat
MacGavin. 7-5, 6-4, 8-2; Collier beat Mitchell.
6-4 3-6, 7-5; Stewart Gayneaa beat Guy Lyt
ton. 6-8. 6-4.. 5-7, tt-4.
California Club — Herbert Long beat Harry
Butler. 5-7, 6-3. 6-4, 6-4, 6-4; H. Gabriel beat
W. S. Dole. 6-4, 6-4; Joseph Dally beat James
Code, 6-2; Edwin Robbln beat H. Spring, «--.
6-0, 6-0; Dole beat Gus Llsser, 6-2. 6-0, 6-2;
A. W. Worthlngton beat W. F. Bull, 6-4. 6-7.
6-3; Worthlngton and Bull beat Dr. Pearce
and Dr. Noble, 6-4. 6-2. 6-2; Charles Kuehn
beat Code, 6-4. 7-5. 6-4; Grant Smith beat
Harry Rolfe, 6-2, 6-4, 7-5; Dr.. Pearce tied
Dr. Noble. 6-4, 6-7; G. Llsser beat Hans Lls
ser. 6-4. 6-3, 7-5.
Golden Gate Park — Charles Foley and Harry
Routh beat J. R. Lewis and Clarence Griffin,
6-1, 2-6, 7-5; R. Prichard and H. Turner beat
Mersey and Johnson, 7-5, 6-3. 6-4; J. Cole
man and Wollenberg boat Burdlck and Jones.
6-1, 6-2; Lewis and Griffin beat Foley and
Roiith. 6-4, 6-4; Prichard and Turner beat G.
W. Hall and Smith; J. R. Lewis and J. F.
Brady beat Grlfnn and J. B. Adams. 6-4, 6-3;
II. Mann and H. Guerln beat E. Hall and
Prichard, 6-3. 6-0; L. C. Bozarth and Brady
beat Adams and Fred Sherwood, 6-4; Griffin
tied H. Russell. 4-6, 8-6: Sherwood and Ad
ams beat Campbell and Bozarth. 6-2.
The . most interesting matches were
played across the bay'on the Hotel Ra
fael courts. A good doubles match was
scheduled, but Grant Smith missed the
boat and . Drummond MacGavin, William
Collier and Frank Mitchell were forced
to conflna their play to singles. The un
certainty of tennis was shown by the
three in their singles matches. Each of
the three met the other and won and lost
a match. MacGavin beat Collier, Collier
beat Mitchell and Mitchell beat MacGav
ln. Mitchell led the other two on the
number of sets won. He won three
straight from MacG&vin, whiie the other
matches were two sets out of three. The
tennis was of a much ulgher class than
usual. MacGavin is hardly in his oM
form yet, out with practice next week
shouiu play a strong game in the tourna
ments.
The California Club, the park and the
San Rafael tennis courts were unusually
lively yesterday on account of the ap
proaching coast championship tournament.
The weather, which was ideal for tennis,
also Increased the attendance.
Pape Places Seven Bullseyes
to His Credit in Suc
cession.
Courts.
Improvement in Form Is
Shown on the Various
Preparing for Coming
Coast Championship
Tournament.
Three of the Nationals
Make Twenty-Five
at 500 Yards.
TENNIS PLAYERS
ARE IN PRACTICE
GUARDSMEN MAKE
POSSIBLE SCORE
SPORTS OF THE RAGE TRACK, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE TENNIS COURTS
THE SAff FRANCISCO ' CALL.. MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903.
6
"JUST GATHERED,"
The beautiful fruit study to be
given, away .1 FREE with next
SUNDAY'S CALL, will make a
handsome dining-room picture
if framed closely^ in ; ebony and
ornamented burnished gold, size
10^x15^. :;;A successful entertainment for the ben
efit of the Universal Service Society was
riven at the home of Mrs. John Pettee,
on Leavenworth street. last Saturday
evening. Many well-known entertainers,
Including Miss Etta Welch. Harry Wood
Hrown and the Hawaiian Glee Club, took
Part. The committee in charge of the
tffalr is very much pleased over the euc
c«s cf Its efforts.
Entertainment for Charity.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived, Aug. 23— Schr Caro
line, from Umpqua:*. Btmr R«dondo. from Eu
reka ;-Bttnr Greenwood, from : Albion. ./
Balled . Auk 23— 8chr Maria B 8mlth, for
Port Townaend; achr Falcon, for Grays H«x-
ARRIVED.
Sunday, August 23.
Btmr Glpey. Leland. 2T hours from Moss
Landing and way oorts.
Schr Newark, Reinertaen, 12 hours frora
I'helps Landing. — ••"•¦¦
Schr ; Virginia, NUaeon, 8 days from Co
lumbia. River.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
PARIS, Aug. 23.— Torrential rains, ac
companied by thunder and lightning, be
gan early this afternoon and continued
with little Intermission, until late to
night. The streets of the city, especially
at numerous points where there are exca
vations for the Metropolitan Underground
Railway, resembled lakes. At least a
score of houses in the low-lying quarters
had their cellars flooded.
HEAVY RAINS CAUSE
FLOODS IN PARIS
Streets of French Capital Trans
formed Into Lakes and House
Cellars Are Inundated. •
Arrangements are now almost complete
for the big picnic which is to be given
September 7 at El Campo for tho benefit
of the Sieters of St. Catherine's Convent,
Denicla. The day Is to be observed as a
fete day and boats for El Campo will
not alone leave for the picnic grounds
from Benicia, but owing to the great
number who will participate in the event
from Ban Francisco, arrangements have
been made for the fast launch McNeill
Flyer," which will leave the city, at 9
o'clock and 11 o'clock in the morning and
1 o'clock in the afternoon to carry pleas
ure seekers to the grounds. A specially
selected band will accompany the pic
nickers to El Campo.
"Will Hold Picnic at El Campo.
NAPLES, Aug. 23.— The prediction of Pro
fessor Kruli of Munich has been fulfilled,
as Vesuvius last night had a fronh period
of activity. Frequent explosions were
heard and stones were thrown to a height
of 600 feet above the crater, while at the
same time a slight: earthquake was felt.
The stream of lava has again begun flow-
Ing in the direction of Pompeii, although
its progress Is slow. The volcanic erup
tion is diminishing to-night.
Stones Are Thrown Six Hundred Feet
Above Crater and Lava Ap
proaches Pompeii.
VESUVIUS RESUMES
ACTIVE OPERATIONS
Euilding at the Corner of Larkin
and Fulton Streets Set
on Fire. ££W£>'
Two attempt* were made yesterday by
kotac miscreant to set fire to the Fullon
House at Fulton and Larkin streets.
About 3 o'clock a boy notified Mr. Ben
ard, the proprietor of a ealoon at the
rorrcr. that the building was on fire.
Benard investigated and found the
main stairway of the Fulton House on
the Larkin-street Fide ablaze. The fire
was extinguished before much damage
y.-a* d'jn*. The steps had been saturated
ieith coal oil.
About two hour* later the stairway on
' he Fulton-street ride was discovered on
tire and when the flames had been extin
guished it was discovered that coal oil
had egain been used to start the blaze. •
TWO ATTEMPTS TO BURN
A LODGING-HOUSE
SAN JOSE. Aug. 23.— Frank C. Thomp
son, an actor who has been In San Jose
about a year, says Ho fell Into the hands
of the Philistines in San Francisco during
encampment week. He went to the me
tropolis last Wednesday on the evening
train and about 12:30 o'clock Thursday
morning, as he neared the house of; his
mother-in-law, Mrs. Ayer, at 31 Twelfth
street, he says he was held up by two
men, who covered him with revolvers.
Thompson claims he was relieved of $5 20
and that on stating that he had no more
cash the men knocked him down and
kicked and beat him almost into insensi
bility. Thompson is badly bruised. For
fear he . would be held as a witness,
Thompson says he did not report the mat
ter to the police in San Francisco.
Frank C. Thompson of San Jose Tells
Story of Rough Treatment
by Thugs.
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED
WHILE IN SAN FRANCISCO
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 23.— A special
to the Tribune from Ogden says that dur
ing a heavy thunderstorm a remarkable
phenomenon occurred a fow miles north
west of that city. People driving to town
after the wtorm encountered an army o£
small toads. There were millions of them
and the wagon wheels crushed them by
the thousands all along the roads. Where
they came from is a mystery, but It is the
general opinion that they fell from the
skies.
UTAH FOLK MARVEL
AT A SHOWER OF TOADS
During a Thunderstorm tie Ground
Is Littered With Mysterious
Batrachlans.
Coney Island is bound to be a success.
The managers are seeking new attrac
tions and purpose to make the place one
of the greatest of its kind. The liberal
patronage nJready bestowed is evidence
of its merit. On the vaudeville pro
gramme are Agnes Davenport, Clifford
and O'Dell, Dick Mack, Fletcher and
Douglass and several other clever artists.
The orchestra Is good and the band con
certs, which are given during the after
noon, are far above the average.
The bailocn ascension and parachute
leap of Mile. Ancti came off without a
hitch. The little woman, who possesses
grit and gameness beyond the ordinary,
arcended to a great height and while de
scending executed some wonderful trap
eze work. Of the concessions Shannon's
Southern Carnival Company, Luna, the
maid from the moon, and La Belle Fet
ama are the best. The price of admission
i* small when pitted against- the merit of
the acts.
"Coney Island" was the principal at
traction at the beach yesterday. Hun
dreds of people visited its various con
cessions and enjoyed the vaudeville pro
gramme, which wan rendered in the open.
The opening of this place adds something
to the beach which has always been
lacking and the excellent manner in
which it is conducted each Sunday is
gure to Increase the travel oceanward.
New Feature at the Ocean Beach
Scores a Pronounced
Success.
CROWDS ATTRACTED
TO "CONEY ISLAND"
The Arlington-Pacific Railway has al
ready secured right of way and an
nounces that It intends to build from
Arlington via Condon to a point in Cen
tral Oregon, near Mayville and Fossil. If
both lines are built over practically the
same route there will be a lively contest
for the traffic of Central Oregon.
The new road Is fathered by Eastern
capital. That is the s«ole admission the
Incorporators of the line will make, but
in railroad circles there is a belief that
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation is
Interested in the system.
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 23.— Articles of
incorporation have been filed by the Co
lumbia River and Oregon Central Rail
road Company, which Intends to build Im
mediately, it is announced, from Arling
ton to Condon, Or., and promises branch
lines up the John Day River, from tho
mouth of that stream to Condon, and an
other line to lone, on the Heppner branch
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
line.
Incorporators of Columbia River and
Oregon Central Line Plan to
Build Immediately.
NEW ROAD IS FATHERED
BY EASTERN CAPITALISTS
Fortunately no one was hurt. Crowley
is fireman of No. 6 engine. Murray Is a
painter and resides at 621 l /£ Stevenson
street.
James C. Crowley met William Murray
on Stevenson street, between Fifth and
Sixth, yesterday and after a short but
heated discussion pulled out his revolver
and fired thr.ee shots at Murray.
The shooting took place shortly after
noon and threw the whole neighborhood
Into a great state of excitement. The
streets were crowded with people, who
ran in all directions.
It is said that Crowl«y accused Murray
of making some remarks about his (Crow
ley's) niece, and meeting Murray, de
manded thnt he make a retraction.
The last named denied having made the
statements in question, and after a few
hot words between the. two the firing
took place, immediately after which
Crowley hurried away and could not be
found until last night. He was arrested
by Sergeant Wolfe and charged with as
sault to commit murder.
Fireman Tries to Kill Painter for
Offense the Last-Named Denies
He Committed.
JAMES C. CROWLEY FIKES
THREE SHOTS AT MURRAY
COMPOSER WHO ADOPTS
NOVEL METHOD TO PRE
SERVE" HIS INSPIRATIONS.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 23.— Patrolman E.
R. Malone was shot this afternoon while
trying to arrest a drunken desperado who
gave his name as Charles Anderson. The
bullet tore off a piece of the officer's ear
and his face was badly powder burned.
His injuries, however, are not serious.
Anderson had pulled his pistol on sev
eral inoffensive citizens when Malone
sought to arrest him. He aimed the re
volver directly at Malone's head, and only
a dextrous blow Baved the officer from
death. A terrific hand to hand fight en
sued between the officer and Anderson,
the latter making further attempts to use
his pistol. He was taken to the city jail
and locked up.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Intoxicated Desperado
Fires Shot at Sacra
mento Patrolman.
TRIES TO KILL
POLICE OFFICER
Colonel Dunn of New York Talks to
President About State
Politics.
OYSTER BAY. Aug. 23.— President
Roosevelt passed a quiet Sunday with
his family at Sagamore Hill. A few inti
mate friends of the family in the neigh
borhood called informally. Last night
the Prsident received a visit from Col
onel George M. Dunn, chairman of the
New York State Republican Committee.
Colonel Dunn remained with the Presi
dent about an hour. Hla visit was of a
political nature, it is stated, but its spe
cific object was not disclosed.
Assistant Secretary Barnes left to-day
for a trip to Washington on some of
ficial business.
CALLS ON BOOSEVELT
The police are inclined to believe that
the same pair of desperadoes committed
both crimes.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 23.— The police
have not succeeded In finding a clew to
the two masked highwaymen who held
up and robbed the conductor and motor
man of a West Adams-street car at mid
night last-night. The men were so well
disguised that the street car men say
they would hardly be able to identify
them if they should be caught.
There was a second hold-up about 2
o'clock this morning at Flgueroa and
Twelfth streets. Bert Culp, driver of a
milk wagon, was stood up and robbed by
two masked men. He lost a few dollars.
The highwaymen came up as h« waa
pouring out some milk and pointed their
revolvers at his head. He made no re
sistance. The highwaymen ordered him
to«drive on as soon as they had relieved
him of his cash.
LOS ANGELES BOBBEBS
ELUDE THE DETECTIVES
Euhlin Wants to Fight Jeffries.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 23.— Billy Madden
is after Champion Jeffries in behalf of
Gus Ruhlin. Madden claims he is willing
to match Ruhlin against the champion,
winner to take all. "I don't think Mon
roe" has any license to challenge Jeffries,"
said Madden.- "He has never done any
thing. Ruhlin has, and all that Jeffries
will have to do to get on a match is to
agree to meet my man. I know he made
a poor showing the last time against
Jeffries, but he can do a great deal bet
ter and I think he can beat the cham
pion."
To these overtures Jeffries replies: "I
will fight anybody but a negro." which
would indicate that a match between the
two biff men is not altogether improba
ble.
P. Pedersen, who understands and writes
music, but who cannot play, are the in
struments by which the untutored com
poser converts his musical ideas into tan
gible harmony. During his leisure mo
ments Rose meets his two companions
and works out his theme on the piano.
The sightless musician he%rs the melody,
and as the tones impress themselves on
his delicate senses with remarkable ac
curacy translates, as it were, to the ready
assistant, Pedersen. With pen in hand
Pedersen rapidly . writes the score, and
thus the inspired composer sees his
thoughts given permanency.. {¦
Thus was the "Ta.Deu,nV^brought Into
form as it was sung tcl-day. The work
excited much favorable ' comment. The
quartet was composed of E.-D. Crandall,
W. A. Hall, Lowell Redfleld and Charles
Lloyd.
Rose's work Includes verse writ
ing as well as the melodious
themes with which he embellishes
his bits of sentiment Some of his
recent songs are written around verses
which were the outcome of boyish senti
ment during school days— long before he
dreamed that he would ever enter the
ranks of ambitious composers. Among
some of Rose's recent compositions Is a
sacred- song entitled "To Paradise," dedi
cated to- Miss Florine .Tulllerat, the well
known contralto, and which is .now in the
hands of the publisher. Another !s an ar
rangement of "Nearer, My God, to Thee,"
which is in its third edition.
ELECTRIC STORM
VISITS SPOKANE
Classmate of Schley Dead.
DETROIT, Mich., Ayg. 23.— Lieutenant
Commander Francis O. Davenport. U. S.
N., retired,' died at his residence here to
day of heart failure. At Annapolis he was
a classmate of .Admiral Schley. He served
in various vessels during the Civil
War and was In 1S70 at his own
request. Commander Davenport lost his
right arm by the accidental discharge of
a pistol while he was on a "cutting out"
expedition in, Texas during the war.
Girls Working in Tele
phone Office Are
Stunned.
Demise of Mrs. C. A. Grant.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 23.— Mrs. Caroline <A.
Grant, mother of Mrs. W. M. Baurhyte,
died this morning at the home of her
daughter, 2930 Central avenue, after a
brief illness. Death was due to perito
nitis. Deceased was a native of MUne,
aged 73 years, and had resided in Ala
meda for eighteen years She was one of
the organizers and active members of the
First Unitarian Cliurch of this city.
Mate's Body Is Found.
While on a fishing trip yesterday, Jo
seph Castor and Edward Murphy, two
young men of this city, found the badly
decomposed body of the second mate or
the Aloha, who, while intoxicated, fell
from his ship and was drowned about
three weeks ago. The remains were tow
ed to Tlburon and later removed to tho
San Rafael morgue by the Coroner. On
the remains were found a gold watch, a
pistol, papers showing him to be a second
mate and a purse containing a sum of
monev.
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 23.— While a
dozen girl operators were at work in
the local telephone office this afternoon
lightning struck one of the wires and it
was communicated to the big switch
board. Blue currents of flame chased all
over the board. Four girls were stunned
by the shock and the remainder screamed
with fright. The telephone system is pro
vided with lightning arresters,, which
broke the force of , the shock, and the
damage was slight, but it was several
minutes before the frightened girls re
sumed work after reviving their stunned
comrades.
At about the same time a bolt was car
ried Into the power-house of the street
railway system, blowing out one of the
big fuses and temporarily demoralizing
car traffic on the main street, as all cars
came to a, standstill. Motormen declare
they • distinctly felt the shock and say a
report like an exploding torpedo seemed
to come from the rails. The damage at
the power-house Is slight- The electrical
storm was the most severe experienced
here. i$
Surveying New Railroad Lines.
CHICO, Aug. 23.— Parties who have Just
returned to Chico from the neighborhood
of Deer Creek Pass report that four sur
veying parties are working there. The
surveyors are non-commHal as to who
they are employed by, but on© well found
ed rumor places at least one party In the
employ of the Walker lumber syndicate,
which owns great timber acreage In
Northern: California. Walker has inti
mated that, he wljl build a road 200 miles
long to get the. timber to market, and
Deer Creek Pass is the natural gateway
to the valley lines and tidewater. It is
also stated that one party Is employed by
the Western Pacific.
Texas Fevc; Is Killing Off Cattle.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— State Veteri
narian C. H. v Blemer . arrived In Sacra
mento -to-day on , his return from a trip
to Slsklyou County, where an attack of
Texas f ever is depleting a large herd of
cattle. Over ' thirty jrer/cent have died
tnd. mapy more will perish from the
disease, He has quarantined , the herd
of 660 animal*- and : report3 that there |s
but little danger of the disease spreading.
hosts.
An excellent hand furnished music for
the merrymakers, who spent many pleas
ant hours |q the mares of the dunce. The
usual sports and games were Indulged in
and a suitable prize was awarded to the
winner of each event. A feature of the
enjoyable programme that was arranged
for the entertainment of the merry
makers was the singing of the Silver
Wuartet:
The following committees had the affair
!n charge:
Ex^rutlve — T. Lunst'dt, chairman*; F. G.
Roney, secretary: C Mitchell, treasurer; J. L.
H«-rget. V»\ H. Westerfeld, I. H. Eptro, W. B.
Ph«rn»-st€r. H. Hubtr. A. G. Popp. D. Becker,
II. M. Wreaen, J. E. Cahlll. J. Garrity. W.
P<-ternon. I. Tuckler, W. H. Rice. A. Anderson,
K. Pedeifen. '
Floor — W. H. Westerfeld. manaper; Dan E.
Anjflum William Barlow. W. H. Rice, assist
ant*: C. F. Williams, chairman; Fred Butler.
Charles B. Gans, Charles L.. Peter*. Frank
Shannon. George P. Maloney. ¦William Flnne
*an, Geonre J^ovejoy, Jam** \V. Rellly. Georsre
M. Walton. Jerome A. Bassity. Thomas H.
Lindsay.
Reception— E. R. Lillenthal. chairman: Fred
N. Bent. Harry E. Corbett, Thomas J. Clancy,
Frank i>unn. A. G. Hagedorn. Oncar Hocks,
Thomas Kirkpatrick. M. C. MoKensen, Ed F.
nine. A. Repsold. Fred P. KchURter, \V. Cm.
Wreden. Geonre I-. Bird sail. Harry M. Campe.
Ike Deutch. W. II. Kdgrell, G. O. Hlnk. Henry
Kuhl5 Charles Mitchell. Angus Mcl>od.
Charles M. Reynolds. August Schermer. Ed L.
Wajrrjer, Thomas Alton.
Prize and donation — D. Pecker, chairman;
W Peterson. \V. H. Rice. I. H. Splro. I. Tuck
l«r. W. H. Westerfeld. W. B. Phemester, A.
Andereon.
Games — J. !-•. Heriret. chairman: D. Becker,
J. E. rahlll. J. Garrity. William Peterson, A.
Andersen, Fred Pedersen, H. M. Wreden.
Large Crowd of Pleasure Seekers
Makes Merry at Shell Mound
Park.
Among the most enjoyable picnics of the
season wrs the second annual putinc of
the members of San Francisco Lodge No.
2 of the Knights of the Royal Arch.
The affair was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park, which was prettily deco
rated • with ha^s p.nd Chineoa lanterns.
The day was beautiful and the 3000 people
present thoroughly enjoyed the favors of
nature and those extended them by their
XNIGHTS OF ROYAL ASCH
GIVE ENJOYABLE PICNIC
Owing to the enormous success of
" >hpnar!doah" as produced by, the Nelll-
M<~>roseo company at the California Thea
ter during the last week it has been found
necessary to repeat the great war play
a? ever? evenirs performance of the com
inr week, commencing to-night. This
will be welcome nevrs to the thousands
of theater-goers who ha\"e been turned
away frora the California during the first
week of "Sher.andoah."
The raarve>us battle scene which
marks the thr'llir.p close of the third act
if? the talk r.f the town. The presence of
2M regular 1'nited States army soldiers
irom the Presidio in this scene gives an
n!r of realism to the thine that has never
before bten oqual^d in a theatrical pro
duction. It is undoubtedly the most bril
liant military spectacle that has ever
been seen on the stage. Some Idea of Its
r> ir.arkablp realism can be obtained from
th*> fa<*t that many noted army generals
and prominent Grnnd Array irfn. heroes
at a hundred hattJes, who have visited
:*i* California .Theater during th« last ¦
T'ik have been strongly affected and en- i
it.used over this mimic warfare in "Shen- '
andoah."
Th" retreat of Sheridan's army at the i
battle of t>dar Cr«>ek: . the desperate
stiugplp of th«» diFcouraped. defeated men
as they prrk to stem the retreat; the rat- I
t> cf musketry, the boom of cannon an-1
e sputtering of bursting shells; men
I!lng here and thTf, one trooper pluns- I
n-.p headlong over a stone wall and writh. '
ta< la the last tortures of death, the color ',
r-earrr killed and the falling flap grasped
ty another comrade who has dashed for
ward to save the colors, are all shown
T,;*h *tart!irfr DdeUtjr.
Special matirees will he given Thurs- |
'" ;• a-.d Saturday of "Mnr. Dane's De- i
Major Hobba. commander of the Pre- ;
Ficlo. and bis party wi'.l witness "Shen- I
to'-oi^ht.
• • •
'In Harvard" mil! bf the programme at '
hf Grand Opera House for the coming ;
wffk. beginning to-night.
• . •
Henry and Marparet Anglin will i
r-.-srnt "The Taming of Helen" at the j
''¦v.umbia Theater this week.
• • •
"The Dairy Tarm" will begin the e*>rond '
x •- k of its run at the Alcazar Theater
I -night.
• • •
"Quo Vas Iss" and the "Big Little
Princess*" arp still the attractions at
Fischer's Theater.
"CamiUF" is on the bill* at the Central
Th*at*>r for this week, beginning to-night.
» mm*
At the Chutes, the vaudeville bi'.l has
km entirely changed and a host of new
performers will be seen there to-night.
* * * *
The last week of comic opera com
mencM at the Tivoli this evening, when
Ihe "Highwayman" will be f=ung. The
pran<l opera F^ason will open on Monday
evening, the 21st inet.
• • •
The tale of seats for the pymphony con
rrrts, the second of which will take place
j»t the Grand Op^ra House to-morrow af- j
ternocn. In continuing regularly at Sher- j
t^rnoon. J« continuing regularly at Hher
mBn. Clay & Co.'s. The programme will
cor.w-ist of the following numbers:
If/H-tor Berlioz. ¦ Roman rarnivjtl overtur*:
l,u<l«'fK v °n Beethoven. Fymphony eroica cp.
GS; <1) »Ile«ro con brio, <2) marcia fuivbr*.
.'.-iaKio assai. O, echerro. all^sro \ivace. .<4)
Scale, allecro molto: Jpan Sibelius. Irgnnde
KOa «J*m FinnlaT.diictien Volk»*po» "Kalevala"
'ftrrt tim«): ?>iix Mend<?!B*ohn. "Jju. FIImw."
••' manr* without words <flrEt time): Alexandra
¦ ;:«iounaw, va!*r <!e concert op. 47 (first time);
r \ Nlckclal. "Merry Wives of Windsor." :
t'encer, and Heeley and Meely repeat their
great and comic act* introducing juggling
and acrobatic work of a high order. John
3>» Clair wins applause as an artistic and
r^flned jugrler.
here before.
Lew Hawkins, called the "Chesterfield
if Minstrelsy." Is as popular as he was
du:,r.s the Is^st week. Ro&ie Rendel con
tinues &s aa eccentric transformation
< ondenf t-d comedy, "A Pslrs for Two."
Their work is extremely clever, and the
r3*,nner in which a belated husband es
*apes from many delicate situations
makes the sketch one of unusual merit.
Jarcfp Roberti, basso, and Arnold Billos
ki. tenor, who hail from Australia, are
above the average as vocalists. * Their
closing: duet. ••Excelsior." is worthy of
Fpecial mention. The Kleury trio consist
Of two pretty vrmen and one man. All
are srace'ul and Introduce novelties in
faxev danciTs that have not been seen
The Orphema presented an excellent bill
last night. There were five new numbers,
fill of them excellent in every particular,
F.nd the hold-overs came u? to tha stand
crd. James Larkin and Dora Patterson,
colored character artists, took the house
by etorm. Their act was frequently in
terrupted by applause, and their catchy
son^s and dialogue work made them pro
nounced favorites.
Edwin Keough &tj! Dorothy BaUsrd ap
pear in a sketch, "A Vaudvevilie Sur
prise. " The sta^e setting is above the or
tl'.nary and the acting is perfect. It is the
ftory of a stage-struck woman, whose
husband objects to her following her im
npir.ed vocation. She meets an actor, and
in the second scene she assists him as
Partfcenia, the Grecian maiden, in the
proposal scene from "Irtgonaar." The
Bcene; a market place in Massllia, Greece.
!rrt attracted the audience, then the man
ner In wtich the heavy parts were sus
tained brought an abundance of applause.
Sam Edwards and company appear in a
The carcass was taken into the express
office and skinned, but as th© season is
not right for pelts, it is likely "that the
fur will drop off. This was the flret bear
hunt that has been had in this city for
many years.
The consensus of opinion at the Sacra
manto depot was that the bear was scared
to death.
Inasmuch as the bear refused to go to
sleep like a good bear, and showed the
utmost contempt for strychnine, stringent
methods were resorted to. Two trusted
employes of the express company, re
puted to be dead shots, were told off to
execute the pesky varmint. They were
armed with regulation revolvers ana be
gan pumping lead at bruin. That mado
him mad. and he thrashed abound threat
ening to destroy not only what was left
of his cage, but the entire car. Ten bul
lets were fired Into him and he was pep
pered from his stub of a tail to hla perky
ear3. An ugly looking sawed-off shotgun
was then brought Into play and at the
first volley, bruin turned up his toes and
died.
Matters were becoming serious, and as
the bear was getting a good grip on an
other rod. the baggage men rolled his
cage over until the defective Iron bars
were against the side of the car. and
then piled all their trunks and va'lse3
upon and around it to keep it there. It
is even said that they took turns sitting
on the pile of trunks.
The train arrived In this city at 9:30
this morning and something had to be
done. The people who had traveled to the
capital wanted their baggage and the
Southern Pacific Company wanted Its car.
The bear had possession of both. The
Wells-Fargo Company had undertaken to
deliver bruin to its 6wner in Los An
gcles, but to remove the cage from the
wall of the car meant that the bear would
have full swing Qf tha car an- possibly
of the depot.
One bright mind suggested that chloro
form might quiet bruin's nerves, but tha
shaggy fellow declined to smell of a
drugged handkerchief when it wa» poked
at him on the end of a bamboo fishing
pole. Then another genius suggested poi
son, and an apple was doctored with
strychnine and passed In. The bear ate
the apple, but refused to die. The ex
press company's officials, who were In a
hurry, scratched their heads and the rail
road officials, who were pressed for time,
swore that the car must bo put into ser
vice again.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 23.— A bis; brown
bear was caught In a trap in the moun
tains back of Sheridan, Placer County, a
few days ago, and was sold to a Los An
geles museum man. Bruin was placed
in a big box, across th© top of which half-
Inch Iron rods were stretched. The bear
took matters philosophically during the
journey by wagon to Wheatland. where
it was transferred to a baggage car and
started on its journey to Los Angeles by
the way of this city.
Bruin grew curious after the train
started and began to investigate. It
reached up, took hold of one of the half
inch rods and bent it double without ap
parent effort. It stuck one paw through
and reached around for the baggage Jug
gler, and failing to find him. ripped out
another bar.
The Iroquols Club has secured accom.
modations near Larkspur, Marln County,
for the holding of a bullshead breakfast
on September 9 to celebrate the twentieth
anniversary of the club's organization. A.
D. Pratt, J. G. James, T. J. Walsh. H. L.
Bienfleld and S. S. Bayley have charge of
the arrangements for the breakfast.
There are indications of a warm contest
for the nomination of District Attorney
on the Republican ticket. General. E. S.
Salomon has developed considerable
strength, and Frank McGowan has an
active following.
Registration for the municipal election
on Tuesday. November 3. will close Sep
tember 21 Party nominations must be
filed between September 13 and October 4.
Independent nominations may be filed as
late as October li. The Election Commis
sioners will appoint officers of election on
September S. The polling places will be
designated October 8.
The Republican nominating convention
is called to meet September 15. It is un
derstood, however, that the convention
will simply organize and adjourn for a
week. The Democrats expect to follow
their customary plan of waiting until the
Republican ticket is placed In the field In
order to measure the strength of the Re
publican forces. .. :
It is gossip in the Republican camp that
the Democrats will not have much time
left to frame their ticket after the Re
publican nominations are made.
Wednesday evening next representatives
of the several Assembly district cltfbs of
the United Republican League will meet
to consider the subject of registration.
Special efforts will be made to get every
Republican voter on the register. The
leagues system of reaching the non-reg
istered Is very nearly perfect.
It is the common impression In political
circles that the Republicans will win out
next November if the convention places a
fairly good ticket in the field. There is
talk to the effect that Tax Collector
8mlth. Treasurer McDougald and Aud
itor Baehr will be renomlnated. The
Treasurer, however, is frequently spoken
of as an available man for Mayor. The
merits of A. P. Williams, Henry J. Crock
er, C. S. Laumeister. John C. Kirkpatrick,
P X L'lienthal, Charles A. Murdoch,
Thomas V. Cator and W. G. Stafford are
discussed in connection with the Mayor
al ty.
When the franchise does come up It is
almobt certain to be granted. Trustees
Ryder, Connor and Rickard favor it and
Trustee Staats, who has not committed
himself yet, is said to be ready to vote
with them. Trustees Dowd and Ferrier
opposite it and Trustee Hoff Is said to be
with them, though no one knows exactly
what is his position. So. if they vote ac
cording to this line-up, there will be four
votes for the franchise, three against It.
I don't want to commit myself as to my
vote now, as I want to keep my mind open
for conviction In . case any other good site la
suggested, but as It looks now It Is not likely
that there will be any better tlwn South
Berkeley.
I know the freight yards will hurt the value
of the property some. But I'm sure that will
never be a very good residence district anyway.
It Is more likely to be In time a. business dis
trict. We can't make the railroad go to West
Berkeley. The Southern Pacific came here first
and is Identified with the growth of the town,
and It would not be right to ask it to put its
freight depot a mile farther from town than
the Eanta Fe.
As to the second question. It eeenu to me
South Berkeley is the roost feasible site for the
yards. The railroad proposes to make the
yards there as sightly as possible. It wouldn't
be half so bad as the present lumber yard.
The element of danger would be reduced by the
inclosure of the yards. In a place so sparsely
settled I can see little reason for accident. And
wherever there is a dangerous point you may
be assured It wHl b« safe-guarded. The greatest
danger would be to people oh \te trains, not
to the residents.
There are two questions Involved In this
matter — one Is whether the yards ought to
be removed: the other Is, tp what place should
they be removpd. As to tbo first question, I
think It Is well settled that the present yards
are unsightly and that they give visitors a bad
impression, besides being dangerous.
Town Trustee Fred F. Connor returned
from a sixty days' leave of absence In
the East last night and now there Is a
fair chance that the controversy that has
been going on for months over the re
moval of the Southern Pacific freight
yards -will be soon settled. The Trustees
meet to-morrow night, but whether the
railroad's application for a franchise for
yards at the gore In South Berkeley,
bounded by Shattuck avenue, Adeline and
Russell streets, will oe taken up then
is a question that will only be solved when
the meeting is held. The Trustees may
not- be prepared to act bo soon after Con
nor's return, In which case the matter
will go over until the next meeting.
Trustee Connor is in pretty much the
same frame of mind now about this fran
chise as he was when he last sat with
the board sixty days ago. At that time
he voted to grant the franchise, though
it was defeated by a tie vote. Since then
he has read of the fulmlnatlons of South
Berkeleyans protesting against the freight
yards, but a talk with htm reveals that
he has not been influenced by them. Still
he refuses to say how he will vote on the
franchise, preferring to await the board
meeting before giving his final decision,
as some other proposition may come up
that will be as good a,s South Berkeley.
Trustee Connor to-day said:' i
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2143 Center Street, Aug. 23.
Tivali Prepares to Close. Its
Season of Comic
Opera.
Animal Proceeds to Tear Its
Gage Apart and Is Filled
With Lead.
Democrats May Defer Their
Nominations Until the
Last Hour.
Board Ready to Pass Upon
Railroad's Application
For Franchise.
Three Republican Offi
cers Expect Another
Term.
California Will Play
"Shenandoah" Dur
ing the Week.
Trustee Connor's Views
on Freightyard
. _. - . gj-i .
Trunk Jugglers Have An
Exciting Experience o
With Bruin.
ORPHEUM SHOW
ABOVE AVERAGE
GOSSIP IN GAMP
OF POLITICIANS
HOLD BEAR HUNT
IN BAGGAGE CAR
FAVORS SOUTH
BERKELEY SITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903.
Wonderful Feats of R. C. Rose, Who Composes Clever "Te Deum, 11 Though
He Cannot Write a Score, Are Saved to World by Aid of Blind Friend
Who Translates Them With Strange Accuracy to Man Who Wields Pen
CAUGHT IN CURRENTS OF MELODY
COMPOSER PUZZLES OLD MUSICIANS
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— Behind the
rendition to-day at .< St. Paul's
Epiacopai diurch of the "T«
Deum," which was sun; by a male
quartet during the morning ser
vice, Is the story £f remarkable method In
composition peculiarly Interesting to tb«
musical wjorld.
R. C. Rose, the composer, a prominent
business man of this city In the musical
field, cannot read a note of written music
and has therefore been compelled to give
material' creation* to his ¦inspirations
through a medium of unlctue 1 method.
H. W. Foster,' a blind musician, and C.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-£#£|§fc^uQfc^. "A good soup is half a dinr.tr." f
It is a good dinner that
begins with a pood soup.
'^^?n koups orten lack richness
///ft^k cU M. I anc^ delicacy of flavor, a \
JSp easily remedied* by
using a > teaspoonful of
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-fcu,
/ meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
, \ . - - _
¦ .-... JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, AjeaU, NEW YORK.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, A jLTGUST. 24, 1903.
8
The man who walks In cracksman's way-
You'll never see this paper praise,"
But those who work In open light
We'll always help in what Is right.
So if you have an honest need : ., '
The Call will prove a friend indeed.
We only ask a simple trial,
"Which will be found so worth your while
Our champion you will be. alway
And read Call want ads every day.
HELP WANTED — FE3IALE— Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning-; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
-PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FKEMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. ,
WOMEN and girls to work on 'fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
ZZZZ ' " *
GERMAN girl to take care of child in family
boarding at San Rafael and assist in light
housework, in flat when family returns to city j
In September; wages $20. Apply to G. W.
CLARK - CO.. 304 Post st. . ; __
GIRLS and women to operate on shirts, coats
and overalls. If you are looking for work
give us a trial. We pay Inexperienced hands
while learning; new machines: best of prices;
steady work guaranteed. Apply 531 Mission.
LADY over 25 with some business experience
to take charge of business branch. Box 10S9.
Call office.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also
learners. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.. 695-597
', Mission et. .' ¦
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced unlncum-
bered woman to take care of a child about
1 year of as*. Address box 1052. Call-
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED— Fim-cla?* cloak and suit sales-
woman. Apply at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— AH the ladies to. know that we
are the only house making suits to individual
measurements at factory prices; try it.
Royal Cloak and Suit Co.. 523 Market St.
WANTED — Experienced millinery maker. Ap-
ply between O.and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
YOUNG girl for general housework; iMn fam-
Uy and baby; carfare. 539 Scott &C
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5. office 50,
Columbian building. 016 Market st.
NEAT girl for general housework: no. wash-
lng; four (4) aduh>. 1914 Vallejo st^
PANTS finisher b wanted by S. N. WOOD _
CO. Apply at 27 Geary St.; union wages.
, EXPERIENCED millinery maker .wni'ted. Ap-
ply superintendent's office. The Emporium.
1 — 7—
i DESIGNER, waist trimmer and paid appren-
j tlce wanted. 2014 Sutter st.
I ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work ; $7 per w eek. 1071 Market st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
I HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agcy
429 Hush st 642 Clay St.
Hello, Grant 185.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY. FREE FARE, FOR
STATE OF NEVADA.
50 laborers, new work. Reno $2
25 fence builders. Golconda $2 25
50 tunnelmen, muckers. Ryndon $2-$3
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
Tunnelmen, Mendocino, steamer sails to-
day $2 75
Laborers. Willlts $2 25
Tunnelmen, near city, S hours' work.. ..$2 75
NEW WORK. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Iron handlers $2 40
Splkers 12 25
Strappers $2 —5
Laborers $2
Board $4 DO we»k Ship every morning
CHATSWORTH PARK. L. A. CO.. CAL.
Laborers, muckers • $2-$2 25
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
S. }'. CO.'S OWN WORK, Western Division
Extra gangs $1 70
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
| EL DORADO and BUTTE COUNTIES,
j Laborers, rockmen. rough carpenteis.$2 25-$3
j Special rate fare .Ste boss here
Blacksmith, $75 found: German man and
wife, handy man and cook, $75; machinist,
$3 50 day; 4 scraper teamsters, $2 25; man
ard wife to take care of a gentleman's place,
country, $50: i". men about places, choremen,
others, $25-$.15; outside salesman, wholesale
house, $100.
10 men pick almonds $1 day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waiter. Eastern man would do $60
Man runyelectrlc motor, lights and ice ma-
chine, $fioy found; man handy with tools
around hotel .......$40
Upstairs porter, country hotel,- free fare, $30
Baker, country shop $50
Cook and wife, hotel, country $00
Third co^c. $35; waiters, country. $25-$45,
fare advanced; silvermen, potwashers, dish-
washers, kitchen hands, $25-$3i>, city and
country. .
C. R. HANSEN &CO.. Employment Agts.,
429 Bush st. 642 Clay si.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
53 Third si., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
HOPS. HOPS, HOP-PICKERS.
. We ship Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday;
• . pay $1 per hundred; faro $1 50; fee $1; 100
. men, women and children.
S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section hands, $1 CO and $1 70 a day.
7 men for Wllllts: free fare.
Teamsters, $2 25; laborers, $2 25.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton.
5 miners, single-hand, $3 a day.
5 muckers, $2 50 a day.
FREE FARE— CASPAR.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 25 a day. v
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 a day.
8 men for the sawmills, $30 to $60 a month
and board./. , -. .
Blacksmith, country, $3 a day.
S FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
15 laborers, $2 25 a day.
2 first-class house carpenters, country, $4 a
day, 8 hours. I. =' -
. 10 rough carpenters/flume work. $2 50 a day.
4 single-hand miners, $2 50 a day.
4 muckers, sfime mine. $2 25 a day.
SAWMILL 'AND WOODS MEN.
4 timber fclIers.'$60 a month and board.
« crosscutters. $50 a month and board.'
; 8 iwamperr", S40 a month ¦ and board.
10 mill and yard men. $45 month and board.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St.— Laundry-
man, country hotel. $45: helper for laundry,
$25; coachman and gardener, country. $30
and $35; gardener, handy . with tools. $30;
waiter and tend bar, country hotel. $40:
waiter, country hotel. $35; nurse for hospital
ward. $25; stableman for resort. $25; chore-
man, near city, $20;, vegetable man for hotel, ,
$25 ; French pastry cook,' $50. ., . , :
A— HOTEL GAZETTE.". 26 Montgomery, r. 12.'
Head waiter. $90; head laundryman, $70;
night, clerk. $30; " houseman . who can car-
penter.- $60; ¦ 10 colored waiters. ? $30.
TRY our men's shoes, "union 'made, at $1 and
';• $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay.
ex Dress cr mail chss. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE. .
A RESPECTABLE —-oman, good cook and
laundress, and Is kind to children, wishes
situation In private American family; wages
moderate. T94 Folsom tt. '
WOMAN wants steady place to do housework;
Is kind to children and obliging. Apply 112
Tehama st.. off Second. • . -. .-; K
A YOUNG woman wants position to do cook-
ing; wages $25 to $30; no objections to short
distance In country. Ill Oak st.
EASTERN girl wishes position as first-class
cook In a private family. Call at 2207 M Pine.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience aud ability
desires position In lante first-class hotel aa
housekeeper: can give the best of references.
Box 1064. Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as work-
Ing housekeeper for an elderly couple. Call
at 21 Sherwood place, off Third st.. down-
stair^ p
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position; $40 per month; rapid
and accurate. Box\2402, Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
• Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED HALB.
A GERMAN, middle-aged *nd single, wlehes
a situation In grocery store and barroom:
first-class references. W. BQHUING, 417
Kearny st. . .
CAPABLE buslnees man wishes employment:
speaks Spanish. German and English. Please
address box 2405. Call office.
MAN and wife would like situation in city or
country; woman to do cooking and house-
work and man outside work. J. FLEISCHER,
1417 Powell st. ¦
ENGINEER, steady and sober, willing to do
his own firing, wishes situation: able to make
both steam and electrical repairs; first-class
references. Box 1066. Call office.
GOOD shoemaker and eolo cornetlst desires po- ¦
sltion in a mining town; write particular*.
Address box 1074. Call.
POSITION wanted by honest and sober Ger-
man about gentleman's residence. Box 1002,
Call office. ¦•
JAPANESE cook wants a position In family
or small hoarding-house. M- M. FRAInk.
806Vi Stockton St.; tel. John 2121.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 .
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LIST.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: it will sive you time and
trouble, Cardea Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on' the gquare.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth stf.: new, sunny
fiat on corner, 1050 Noe st. ; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro et. cars: rer.t reasonable.
A NEW 6-room upper flat: all modern Im-
provements; rent $24: water free. 327 Con-
necticut St., near Eighteenth.
N. W. COR. Fulton and Scott— 9 extra large
R. & B. ; ex:>osed on all sides; separate en-
trance: grand view; only $50.
FLAT. 7 rooms and bath. 2146«4 Market St.,
near Lacuna; Castro-st. car.
TO let— Flat of 6 rooms and bath. 835 Ful-
ton 8t. _________________________
XO let— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St. t .
FLAT. 4 rooms and bath; 143 William St..
near Pest. Inquire middle flat.
LOMBARD. 945-9S7 — Lower newly modeled
flats: 5 rooms, baths, gardens, $25; open.
PAGE. 1733, near Golden Gate Park — 3 new
flats completed; 6 rooms and bath each.
FLATS TO LET — IHRMSHED. j
PINE 2738— Handsomely furnished sunny 5 j
rooms and bath; large yard: phone; adults. j
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FIVE-room furnished flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
PtJivMTUKU l'Uit SALE.
NEW carpets ani all new oak furniture 5
room flat cheap. 1015 Laguna st.
FURMTURE "WANTED.
A WOLLPERT 773 Mission, phone Red 44«2. }
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets. ,
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C R HAN\EN & CO.'S.Fhone. Grant 185. j
" ' HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, springs, steady year around, i
fare paid, fSO, room and board. j
o waitresses, commercial hotel, party here, .
f25. I
a waitresses, near city *-»
Waitress, bakery and restaurant $S week
Head waitress, country, fave paid $-><j !
Waitress, same place J.;/,'!i;- *
Head waitress and 2 waitresses, city, $iO-$Jj |
2 waitresses, south, fare paid $28 j
Chambermaids, city And country K<> i
i>oks. hotels, boarding-houses, city and
country '£'££{££ DEPARTMENT.' H*
Invalids nurse. $20: house girl, middle aged
family, country, choice place. $25, fare paid;
plain cook, no housework, $25; 12 nice places
for house girls, $25; German man and wife.
dairy as choreman and ""handy man land
cook $75 found; second girls, middle aged
family, country, party here. $20; cooks,
house girls, second girls, nuree girls, city
and country. $15-$30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st-
A GERMAN nursery governess for 2 grown
children, 8 and li> years; a cook who under-
stands German cooking. In small family,
$40- a cook for San Rafael. $30: second
Eirl for San Rafael. $25; a parlor maid and
waitress $30; a Oprman maid and seam-
stress. J*30; a French lady's maid, $J0; a
second girl for city, $25; a cook and general
housework girls. $:>&; 10 housework girls for
city and country. $20 and »25. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Suttcr St., near Powell.
A SECOND girl for Mare Island; wages $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
HOP PICKERS— HOP PICKERS.
Men, women and children, pay $1 per 100,
can make $2 to $3 a day; we make special
shipments Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday.
" The 24th. 25th and 2Uth. .Wagons v/ill meet
you at the depot and take you to the hop
fields; fare $1 50. office fee $1. CAL. EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third ft.
HA1RDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work- removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslr.g
• trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1—MJ Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room »4: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve.' class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In one
month for $10: positions a3 trimmers, bales-
ladies, etc, guaranteed at $10 per week up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
WANTED — Experienced rmeslady for chil-
dren's millinery department; good pay and
stcadv position to right party; teferenee nec-
essary. Apply between 9:30 and 10:30 Mon-
day, I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Elite st.
WANTED — Young girls as apprentices to learn
the business. Apply between 9:30 and 10:30
a m Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53
Ellis st. ' ;
WANTED — Experienced dressmakers for alter-
ations. Apply between 8 :30 and 9 :30 a. m. .
Monday. I. MAGXIN & CO.. 43-53 Kills st.'
NEAT German or Swedish girl for general
housework; wages $20; 4 adults in family. y
Apply 2514 Clay st. ¦"¦ ¦ -¦ -
GENERAL housework; small family: good
home; reasonable waces; near city. Box
2408. Call office.
BRIGHT, energetic girls to take orders for Cof-
¦ farin, the best cereal coffee on earth; sal-
ary and commission. 400 Jackson st.
A — HAND finishers on waists wanted. 650
Mission st. ; take elevator. ¦
A OPERATORS on ladi«' underwear; gcod
pay. 656 Mission st.; take elevatftr.
A — GIRLS from 14 to 16 years to sew by hand.
656 Mission st. : take elevator. '
WAITRESS wanted for lunch hours. Apply
William Tell Restaurant. 315 Bush st. .
GIRLS wanted. United States Laundry, SIx-
teenth'and Valencia sts.
A GOOD cook wanted. 1720 Sacramento st.
TAILORESS on flne coats: also apprentice;
well paid, steady work. . 629 Post st. •
WANTED — A girl for housework and cooking;
wages $25; 5 tn family. 1542 McAllister st.
WANTED — A girl for second work. Call • bet.
9 and 12, 1759 Broadway.
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market et..
u pstal rs^_ ' . .
TALENTED amateur perfbrmeru. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, tennis
gowne, etc.: work sent or car fare paid. H.
FRIKDLANDER. 338 Fell st. ,. -,-.-.
.WANTED — First-class millinery, maker; salary
$15 per week; state experience. . ,Box"1091,
Call office. ,. :¦¦-,..,
GIRLS— About 15, for factory work: good
wkges; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS.
-' loo feeciamento st.
HELP WANTED— -MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY. """""^ 7-
PHONE MAIN 5S43. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. "
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant me publish a
• "FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments ready
for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even-
ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We known no distinction between man and
' man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE) GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
. WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Chatsworth Park,
Willlts, Ukiah, Oregon,
| Arizona, ¦ ¦ To-day,
And All Points North. East, South.
/ Including Orden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc., $5. $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
; Are you? Are you? Are you?.
1 MURRAY St READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
165 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Far* fl. Fee $1. Three months' Jobs.
Picking, packing-, drying 1 .
S65 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2, $2 50 and $3 a day. All classes of
work; come see.
155 Italians. $2 25 a day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
20 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $42
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid,
$67 50.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day. -
165 laborers, teamsters. Willlts, Ukiah, free
fare, $67 CO.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
1R6 teamsters and axmen $75.
107 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Coat you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 and found.
ixi miners and tlmbermen, $90 and found.
186 quarrymen, also drillers. $S2 to $D0.
06 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter makers, $30. $35. 510 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50, $3 day.
68 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
1« stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards, $35 to $S0 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $10 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
' 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
88 Lumber Trusts and Syndicates.
Located in Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE. -
1)95 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
18S experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found. ?
SS3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
3K6 woodchoppers, tlemakers. shtngle. post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAT * READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS, COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $60. $50, $40. $30 found;
very few men to cock for; no women there;
4 cooko for different mines, $70, $63. $5O. $4O
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
' 22 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills, $45 to $30 and found.
tf bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
SO dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. $40 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $35 to $60 found.
6 bakers, 5 helpers. $35 to $50 and found.
' 18 boys to learn trades and work In factories,
$ti to $12 a week. *
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MISCELLA NEOUS.
35 carDenters. new Job. fare $1, $90.
16 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $90> to $45 and found.
Also 06 other different mechanics; come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO GO TO-DAY — NORTH.
15 laborers for lumber company. $30 to $S0, fd
YOUR FARE PAID.
26 carpenters, plain work. $00.
36 laborers to help carpenters. $67 50.
Located In El Dorado County.
MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay. st.
ARIZONA. V
TO-DAY. 000 MILES.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. -
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT MAIL.
PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Cement finisher, free fare. $4 50 day.
Carpenter, city Job. $3 to $3 50 day.
Boy to fill boiler, city. $6 week. ¦
Machine hand, furniture factory, $2 50 day.
Clerk and sell paint. $10 week; ironer, coun-
Dri'ver. bakery wagon, fare SOc. $30 found.
Sheep herder; 2 bench hands, planing mill,"
$3 50. i
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Young man, sharpen drills, free fare, boss
¦ here. $40 and found.
FREE FARE.
2 stone cutters, Nevada, free fare both ways,
54 to $5 day.
Cook's helper. $35 and found, gold mine.
Bark peeler, fare $1. $40 and found.
55 rough carpenters, very plain work, man- ;
ager at office, $75; 4 laborers, city foundry.
$2 day.
Boy. City Amusement Photo Stand, city, $7
a week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Young roan who Is an experienced
dry-goods salesman, to go to a city a short
distance from San Francisco; state age, ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box
• 1050. Call office. , ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $t and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic t ho s, $<* 50; test shoes en earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED at once, 2 errand boya at JOE
ROSENBERG'S store. Apply at 11 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED — Handy man who has had experi-
ence In setting up toys: state age^ experience
and salary expected. Apply box fO53. Call.
BOY wanted. Apply E. H. LEVY (Inc.), 513
Market «t.; good wages. .
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 4O
Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.: 222H N. Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
' WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; flr-t-class references
-required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the . Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c per night.
i WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st., San
' Francisco Construction Company.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for furniture house;
state salary expected.' Box 1062, Call.
COATMAKER for country. REIS3 BROS. &
CO., 24 Sutter st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — Man for nursery and general work.
500 Halght st.
BARBER shop furnished to let. Apply 1633
Turk st. ¦ - '
> — __. — ________
SAILORS and ordinary -seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart st.
50f» MEN to buy new and 2d-hanHs»rmy shoes.
50e up: soling cheap. B23 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
, PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
» bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, U.A.K.
. WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 35c ntsht; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to acd from ferry.
" ALL sizes men's* shoes, slightly darnaitoi. halt
price. S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st ami 2J tl*.
1 GET your shoes half soled while waltlnc: S.V
to 50c. 5A3 Mission st.; bet. 1st ami 24 »t*
» ——————»— ————————————————————————————I
V HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 9 routn*i >+r?
¦ «iinny: fine location; 1U75 Masonlo aV*. >(¦>*'*
r- MADISOy A BURKE. 30 Montgomery »V.
• A COMPLETELY furnished S-story hou«*> »•»-.
1 . den: back and front rooms all sunny: »-•«•.«».
able. Apply HOOKER A LENT. 19 I\*l »t,
- TO LET. _
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send '"'^I*
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A 9-ROOM sunny house; billiard. hall, laundry,
flower garden. 781 Cole st. ¦
IVY, 410 — 7 rooms and bath: rent $22 50. Ap-
ply 440 Hayes St.. plumber's.
BEFORE moving ret our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — To lease fashionable residence of
moderate size. Box 1065. Call.
- HORSES A>D WjSGOJKS-
ON account of going- to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be rold aS
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale — $135; gray horse, pacer. 2:40 gait;
top buggy, harness: good, order. 3217 24th
st. (number on gate). See man 12 to 1 dally.
STYLISH "bay mare. 5 years old; lady can
drive- sound; good roadster; 2 wagons, cheap.'
300 Clement St.. cor. Fourth ave.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1030.
Call office.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GOOD horse for sale, $43. 2C81 San Bruno
are.
GENTLE -horse: will follow you; «cccd horn*
more than price. 473 Valencia at. j,
"ONE flne buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
new laundry wagon. cheap L S23 Harrison si.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplns wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission it.
LOST AXD FOPXD.
LOST— Saturday on following r^ 1 *'- Scztu
Golden Gate, Steiner. Fulton. Waller. Her-
man. Church. Market to Clinton Park, lady's
handbag containing two rinss. watch keys
and owner's cards. Return to 1138 Scott St.;
reward. _________________
LOST — White, yellow-crested cockatoo, lc*t
near Golden Gate Park. Liberal reward S»ya
for Information or return at Cheero Ilia,
corner Fulton st. and Fe«enth^av5_: .
LOST — Saturday afternoon, package contain-
ing two photographs. Please return to
Firemen's Fund Ins. Co.. 401 California st.
LOST— Gold locket. Initials W. A. R. Re-
turn 123 California, room 200.
LOST— A pass book, with the Hlbernla Savins*
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In t'.ia
name of THOMAS H. FITZGERALD. No.
116-4.'2»: the finder will pleage return to ban*.
REWARD for return of dresa suit case Btttferd
J. A. K.. l»ft at corner Pane and Buchanan
sto. Return to Dramatic Review office. 28
Geary st.
LOST — Pocketbook containing ticket to Oh'.o
and J10 bill. Return to JAMES W. MIL-
LER. 2.T3 Bartlett st.. S. F. ; reward.
LOST — On Larkln st.. diamond sunburst, dia-
mond surrounded by pearls. Return 746 Mar-
ket; liberal reward.
LOST — On San Mateo ears, earner*. 1113
Guerrero st.. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callforn'*
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs o'.d
gold and silver to make new watch, cases.
X.OTTS i TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 658 Mission St.. N"W. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4C0O square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE A CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills bulling.
„_ MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all feraaJ*
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fs-
rr.ale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008K Market St.. opp. 3tn.
PR. G. VT O'DONNELL — Ail who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femals
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treac-
ed: advic ? free. Office. 1013 Market at.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— P.ellable. ladles-
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; .low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alamed*.
DR ROSEN moved to 2095 Folsom St.. cor.
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
D— » Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
• in obstetrics, female comp.^5 yrs.expertenCT.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposlt»
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
3IILLIAEUY.
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just In; call:
prices low to start them going: frames mads
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post »t.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont at.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay a
traall weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call ani
examine our goods, even if you don't car* to
buy. LICHTSNSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or ehlng!es; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
A— Fine suits $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 5O DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pins:
open till 9 p. ~ i. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
.A— Al ENGINE. 16x3C-lnch sliding Talve:
In first-class condition, as good aa new.
P. O. box 20S6. San Francisco. •
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps*
wood and Iron working machinery, bought.
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13O-132 BeaJe.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges II 3d st.. Exam, bld'g.; catalog free.
CARPENTERS' and plumbers' tools; largs
grinding- stone. 053 Howard.
PRIZE Great Dane doz. Apply Call branch
office. 1006 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Ticket to Denver: $20. Box 10S3,
Call office. ¦__: _
FOR sale — Soldiers' blue overcoats. $2 5^>.
Cole— i^n's Loan Office. 506 Kearny st.
SEALSKIN. $225 quality, same as new. bu?t
34 to 36. $UO. 10 Sixth at. _.
TWO SO-gallon copper caldrons. 1760 Unlot
street. < . .
AUTOMOBILE — Olds; 1903 pattern: Al condl-
tlon; used 6 weeks; $525. Apply '^03 Larkin.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bollard & Breck. 131 Pest st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; alt sUes. BU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. ICO Vatllejo «*-
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. ________
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and « n * lr * *2? f ?J?f£j-
metal beda. mattresses. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records. f up . p "t"'«S°MkL
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles , and launches.
all sliea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and swond^and. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.._f_I_ t:S cramento gt "
; HHSCELLAXEOUS WAVTS.
• ' 3IQ3EV TO LOAX. |
V. a —HERMAN MURPHY.
- * AA MW «01-602-603 Examiner bulldln*.
Onlck settlements: no disappointment.
gji T , nrtniti by deallnx directly.
r F.st«:c second mortsazes, undivided Inter-
Jits «»«ls"Xircents of rents, property in trust.
•tc : l»*»cl«s. Hf« estates and undivided tn-
m**t« in rroporty purchased.
Courteous treatment. S;rlet!y confidential.
When Tou Need Money
i P— JTIERMAN MURPHY.
hTgHI.T respectable private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lo«t>t ratts. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48
: M*rfc«t St.: ttl. M*ln itHi, Branch. 19 Third.
« a— I P** c * nt on furniture cr piano:no removsl;
? net oori imlMlon; no publicity; <23 up: qnlcta.
•" ouf t. confidential. ;s Montgomery st.. r. «.
* MUNICIPAL LOAN"oFFICE 103 Grant aT«..
' f LOANS FROM $t TO 110.000.
AT <ut rat«s on rtal estate, furniture or piano;
, «,» contmUalon. E. \Y LICK 1003 Mutual
' " t " r - "*' b>d - ™ M »rfc«t; phone Main 81*.
f «U »\ DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on tneir notaw
" The TOCSLET CO.... 143 Pbelan bid*.
k MONKY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
i MILLER, room 71. firth floor. Coroalcl* bldz.
•AIT FHAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Pranclsoo
CalL corner Market and Third streets; open
tnta 12 o'clock every nlrht In tne year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:50 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€38 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
eifi Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1MI Mission street: opea until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 6 p. m.
100 Eleventh street; open until » P- «•
1090 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtliwest corner cr Twenty-seccnd and Ken.
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 nnatore street; open until 8 p. m.
. MEETIXG XOT1CE8.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, «»,
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS
EVENING at 6 o'clock 6harp. R. A. /?
degree. H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22 F. and jb
A. M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING VY
at 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. By /Tf \ ,
' order cf tJw master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMAN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. «
M -Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) VY
EVENING, Aug. 24. 1903, at 7:3O/ r V\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon'W Lodge No. 260. F. and •
A M 1S39 Flllmore et. — Third de- VVf
irree THIS EVENING at 7:3O o'cloc /V\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. -^f3Z" l 'L-
O F.— Rffalar meetlns MON '-£J2j?i2Sfi*-
DAT EVENING, l^u^ir.ef* cI^§p5j^"
importsnce. _ KAUrMAyx y . G .
THE annual meetlnr of the stockholders _of
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at t it
Mission et., Sa.n Francisco, on MONDAY,
August 24, 1803. at S:30 p. m.. for the elee-
ticn cf directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may ceme before the meeting. Transfer
books *rtll close on Thursday. Aurust SO.
Bv order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 ragea, eent to any address In Uie
United States or Canada one year for »i.
rcttage r»aid. ____^_,
™~ ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
HOPT W. KING, atty-at-lay. Examiner bid..
rm. «11: all cases, damage?, estate*, w II*. ,
, fiitiichmerts. o-lleotlons. etc.: consultation
fr*-e: no advance charges: call or write; even-
ing* by appointment. Tel. Red 3B01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in merltorl-
rus cases, dlvcrcs. probate and all other law
n-t-ft; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. M3 Market st.. r. 31. \
ADVICE fre* divorces a Bpecialty:q.uick.quiet ; .
no rhar—e without suc-ecs; established lo yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale t.
ADVICE free, all ca*es. R. C. ADAMS, room
SIC. third floor. Examiner building.
L S CLARK. Emma SpreckcU bldg.. ¥27 Mar-
k»t *t.: consultation free; no fees tn advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10^11.
Clunie bid*.. 603 California tt. : tel. Main .-«¦
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RTAN. S50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC. j
YOUNG talking rarrots, $5 each:Gertnan singing
••anarie*. $::. we will try to please you: every-
thir.g in our line at right pliers. 1546 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES. . \
A^Tr5^0~~RESTAURANT and chop house;
rinse to Phelan building: dally receipts about
*R5: prlendid business. Pee R. G. WILKE,
-•6 -a Kearny st.
jT-$325; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third *t.- rent $30: average daily receipts.
$1£; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26f4 Kearny.
IX) YOU~WANT TO GO INTO BUSINESS?
T»o yoa want to go out of business?
Wilfcrd '& Harrison. Business Agents. 3 Taylor. |
>*.V» BUTS ift'.r.n corner saloon: 3 living j
rooms: 5 years' lea*e; rent $20; must sell to-
day; death. «f>* Fourth st. j
FOR eale — Good pay ins restaurant and bar;
established 12 veans. 3 Jackscn ft.
. , — , — , . i
FOR eale — Grocery business In small town; j
clean new stock; will Invoice about $SOO'J: j
doing good business; best of reasons for;
eelllng- Address P. O. box 123. Pulsun. Cal. |
$3K) — CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixtures j
fcr tale; 5-room house, 1 acre of land, for I
rent; $10 per month; 6 years' lease. Addreca i
P. O. bos 142. Frultvale. Cal. |
FIR5T-CLAES delicacy store; good location; j
dcin? » ¦'I business: at a bargain; sickness \
caure of selling. Box 10U7. Call.
6 A LOON fcr sale, cheap: long lea»e; cheap
rent; sell because of death; call between 7
pjid 8 p. tn. 794 Mission tl. . j
$250 — GOOD paying candy and icecream busl-
ncaa; established 3 years; must be sold: good
chance. 1119 rolsom tt.. or Smith's. 241 Sth. j
jlttvw THE Ssr.ta Cru2 t)Ul-pwt!r.K plant; will I
!«y for ittclf In one jeer. 250 Pacific ave..
Sar.:a Prut. Cal. |
FOR sale — Ltrgest, best located stable in city, j
Apply fc'COTT & MAGXEU. hay merchants,
615 Sixth st. I
GROCERY and bar; great bargain; fine loca- |
Mon snd trade; cheap rent; living rooms; ,
good bar business. 2^0 Minna et. ¦
CROCK ERT, household utensils, toyi; account
of other business; established years; stands
investigation. Box 1053. Call.
FCR sale — Mocha restaurant. 1753^ Mission
ftrtet.
TOR sale — Printing office; good condition; e«-
tablished patronage; cheap rent 1042. Call.
Hatrdreuing pwlors; cbeap; value in eight;
rood location; retiring. 1153 Market st.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; $2* a day;
price $l£0O; no agents. 715 McAllister «t.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this oaper for s»le.
Irq— Ire hardware store. l»th and Folsom sts.
LODUISG-HOLSES FOIt SALE.
tot MARKET, COU. STOCKTON.
PHONE JOHN 531.
Headquarters for Real Estate, Roo— ling-
Houses. Hotels. New Apartment Houses.
Flats and Private Homes.
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
See the followins bargains:
l'» rooms; Folscm et. : full of roomers.. .$225
7 rooms; modern flat; tine furniture... 20O
S rooms: newly furnished; clears $25.:. 175
14 rooms: exchange for larger house... 600
17 rooms; 9 rooms furnished; snap 50<)
S rooms: Lea\ - enworth st. ; reduced to. 5U0
".'. rooms; choice location: Oakland 3200
32 rooms; Geary et.: choice; transient.. 400
«2 room*: *unny corner; rent $100 3200
30 rooms; eunny bay-window corner. .. .280<J
2<5 room*: Mission and £ixth sts. ; map. .1S00
12 rooms; Taylor *t. ; transient only.... 700
«O rooms; Market St.; offices: permanent.5500
52 rooms: part house; long lease 2000
•* rooms; cost $1500; a beauty; reduced. 750
15 rooms: newly furnished: long lease... 1200
If. <:. DECKER. 5»06 Market, cor. Stockton.
7-ROOM house, only ?2.V>; worth $500; must
fell. DECKER. SOrt Market.
20-ROOM house "transient): clears $150; price
«nly *12O0; only *5oO cash. DECKER. 906
Market.
ICO ROOMS; house for men: rent $140 $4000
MS rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 roome; corner; part cash; bal. easy. S50
11 rooms: good Income; rent $20 S50
21 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. £50
120 rooms: good lease: low rent coo
87 nr is. ; apartments ;Western Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhousea flats 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny* st.
A BIG OFFER THIS WEEK.
See KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market rt..
Up-to-date Reliable Brokers.
Best $4000 modern house, $22^0: clears $300.
Auction price; roust sell.
A 5-room flat: furnished: only $S3.
f>0 others; all eizes; low prices.
We loan you the money.
List with us; customers waiting.
$C5<>— ELEGANT colonial flat of 5 rooms and
bath; beRutlfully furnished; all new; cost
over $1000: piano cost $350 nlone- must sell
PETERSEN & LARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN this week: for«*d tale; 34 rooms;
Market «t.. central; all rented; first floor of-
fice*. dcar*g $175: only $24nO: easy term*.
PETERKEN & LARSKN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
NEWLY furnished 27-room house, on Post St.,
opposite Olympic Club; private, baths, sta-
tionary washstands. medicine lockers, elec-
tric llghtlBg, enuncletor in each room, steam
heat throughout and other modern conveni-
ence*, for rent with 5 years' lease and fur-
niture for Kale. Apply K88 Post St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage to rent: 4 rooms; on the
beautiful Ruesian River: Montrio Park. So-
noma Co.; accessible to road and railroad;
grand view. Wllford & Harrison, 3 Taylor.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath; rent $10; no
children. . 186 Nevada ave.. cor. Cortland.
LOMBARD. 005 — Corner house; 7 rooms, bath,
garden; $35; block from Hyde-et. cars. -";¦•,-
I ROOMS, bath, laundry, stable, garden; In
Mission warm belt. Box 1084. Call office.
&-ROOM rot tare, bath and stable; rent $15.
Apply S90 Precita ave.
SPIRITUALISM. J
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, thefa-
psychic: stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
st., near Octavla. -
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
25c; absolutely free unless correot: full
names given. 34 Sixth st. rooms 10 and 12.
JOHN SLATER circle to-ntght, 8:18 sharp;
readings. 10 to «. 336 OTarrell st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c: slttlnrs. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance olalrvoyant.
business medium and life wader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:80 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
XH CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 91
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francl6C0.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fall to tell your
Mme, occupation and what you call for; I
. premise to tell you whether husband, wife oi
?wtetheart In true or false; to tell whom and
when you will marry: In fact. I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself. He restores lost affections,
n-unlte* the separated, causes speedy and
happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous, cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine, locates hidden treasures;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8.
Sl'O O'Farrell et.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third ft., next Examiner
bid*.: fhe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are In trouble, dls.
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business trouble*, consult this
great nr ledlurr i and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by tr-all. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor". Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m' to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as eatlsfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. -Send postofflce.
Wells-Farco money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Fight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs A H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
: convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Groove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
| narr.es given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market.
i MR.- BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
I MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
| gents 50c. t»51 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS SETMOUR. wonderful card reader; sat-
Isfactrbn guaranteed. 303 Jessie, cor. 4th.
MRS EHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448H Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26>4 Kesrny. room 2O; ladies 25c. c?nts 50c.
MME. LE FERN, professional card reading.
10t» Fifth st.
! CHEAPEST aad beet In America— The Weekly
Cell. 16 pages, sent to any nddrese In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET-BEATI.\G ASD CLEAMXO.
I AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now unlver-
i sally used in eanltarlly cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: price* mod-
erate. Apply B. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main 5.237.
WHEN you beccm* dls— usted with your work
tend for SPAULWING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ins Works, :S55-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpei-beatlng Co.. J McQueen.
proprietor. o"29 Guerrero St.: tel. Mission 49.
i TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
i — jattree«efc made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE < - anvet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
j tel. Main S)4. GEO. WALCOM &. CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonebU. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mitslon 2«o.
! CONKLiN'S r-UDerlor. Carpet-beatlr.g Works.
; 3.03 Goiden Gat» ave. ; telephone East 126.
¦ ** — "~ — ~ ——-—-—————»—— ————~~~~*~~~~**"~~~~
I , CIHROPODISTS.
I DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
ailmentt cf the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
i ™ COLLECTION OFFICES.
| BANGHART & WEYER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Hoc— i 37.
ADVIC— lree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5, U10 Market;
i tel. Red €18; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery, room* »-10: tel. 55S0.
DENTISTS.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
i warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 00; fillings. 50r;
i plates. $5: full set: all work painless and »'ar.
! .ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
i I GOLD fllHngs 7-V: silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 00 up; crowns. S?2 up: fillings. 25c
10 PFR CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 009 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
1JKK&SMAKERS A. MSAMSTKlSSS-iS.
- McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
orsxxcr Azn> clea-iISO.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, Wnket».
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento: phone
. for wagon. -West 45-1. H. HICKMAK. pros.
' EDUCATIONAL.
I A^CAlIBw'ELL College of Oratory. Acting,
; Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
j 14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall term
• | begins Sept. 7; day &. evening class: beautiful
» J new catalogue free. 12*5 Market, cor. Ninth.
J I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 Post, S.
» j K.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
, ; languages. tclegTaphy. English branches:
( day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
' SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
' ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab-
' llthed 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
> easiest, most readable. Actual buslnesb
> bookkeeping: typewriter at home free.
» AYRES, the leading buslnees college, 723 Mar-
i ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
, ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions. . ---
I CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
."A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
> etructlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
J HEALD'S School of Mines & Eiectrlclty,24 Pos
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering
) complete equipment. Special catalogue free, i
I THE Berjltx School of Languages has removed
, to 10U0 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
j I summer. Send for catalogue.
> ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
) vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall, |
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden ;
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and '
Golden Gate aves..S.F. ; fills every requlrcnmt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
,. Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
»t., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German: pupil of Lelpsic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT Klngzland Art Shop — Drawing, painting ,
• and burnt work. 11*4 Halght St., near Lyon. ¦
t SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
- LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Palnt-
: Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter at.
u' ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ;.$5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr.6th.
. Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
- Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paxes, sent to any address In the
. United Ptato or Canada one vear for tl.
: EM PLO YMENT OFFICES.
OBOBGB AOKI. 421 Port St.; tel. Bush 135—
* Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
* nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
: A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752. ;
o A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
• Stockton: tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
'. CHINESE Employment Office — Bfst help at
Leon Seung's, 411 »,j O'Farrell; tft. East 426.
* RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment 1 Of -
flee; all klnd» help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
i. CHINESE and Japanese help; er tab. 20 years.
TeL Main 1OT7. BRAPLEY & CO.. tiiO Clay.
HELP WAXTED—MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY."
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520
Cor. Leidesdorff Phone Main 1191.
A— OREGON. —A
S — ¦ — Near Portland, on Columbia River S
T Company work — no strike— ————— T
O i -No discount: FEE $1 O
R _ 35 laborers, $51 50 fd. R
I ' 15 rockmen, $59 fd. 1
A 1 — Fare Is only $3. FEE $1. A
We are positively the only office that
ships on this Job. Call and see us to-day.
; ASTORIA — ;
STEAMER saile to-day to CASPAR. MEN-
DOCINO CO. Big Tunnel. FREE FARE.
60 teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen, $2 to
$2 75 day. FREE FARE. FEE $1.
WILL1TS— UKIAH ROUTE —FREE FARE
20 teamsters and laborers. $2 S5 day. FEE $1.
CARPENTER. R. R. work, free fare, $4 day.
Cook, small R. R. camp, free fare. $40 fd.
Blacksmith, ranch, S. C. Co.. boss here, $50 fd
BUTTE CO., CHICO BOSS HERE
FEE $1 — HALF FARE — SHIP TO-NIGHT.
50 teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $07 50
to $75.
DIAMOND MATCH CO. Private R. R. Co.'s '
Own Work. *
50 laborers, trackmen, ballast and iron men
and splkers, $2 to $2 50 day. HALF FARE.
FEE $1. ,-
S. P. Co.'s own work. FREE FARE. FEE $1
75 laborers, section and extra gangs, ship on
all trains at all times, all over State.
HUMBOLDT CO.— 8 laborers, new factory,
lumber company, you'll suit, $40 fd. ; cheap
fare.
SISKITOU CO. — Large sawmill company. 20
laborers, $2 40; 15 lumber pliers. $2 75; screw
setter, $3 50; 10 cross-cut sawyers, $52 fd.;
« boys box factory, $1 75 day. Special cheap
rate of fare, ship to-nlcht.
TUOLUMNE CO.— $1 50 fare, balance Is free, •
20 laborers, large sawmill, board yourself,
$60: 6 young men, eash and door factory,
$1 50 to $2 '25 day; steady work, learn trade,
advance yourself; circular sawyer, small
mill, $65 fd.
TUNNELS, MINES, ETC.
B tunnelmen. $75; 6 muckers, ?C0, FREE
FARE. Big tunnel, near city, 4 muckers,
$H7 50; 6 tunnelmen. 8-hour tunnel, $87 50,
city; 4 miners, north, $75; 3 miners, south.
$75; 100 laborers and muckers, mines all
over, you'll suit, $60 to $75; 10 drillers, quar-
ry. $45 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS.
8 farmero and teamsters, $30 to $35 fd. ; 6
men, hayfields, $1 50 day fd. : choreman. $20
fd. : FRUIT PICKERS; 10 men pick fruit,
work In dry yards, Santa Clara Co., long
Job, $26 fd.. Easterners preferred: 2 laborers,
fECtory, 10c fare, $2 day; 5 laborers, t ctory.
$1 25 fare, $2 10 to $2 40 day; milker and
wife. $30 fd.
NEW HOTEL, north— 3 "waiters, $35 fd.;
pantryman. $30 fd.; bell boy. ?25 fd.; pot-
washer, $25 fd.; 2 colored porters, fare paid,
first-ciass house; cook, $40 fd.. boardlng-
hrybse; cook's helper. $3U fd.: djshwasher.
JfEN — Call and see us. read I our Bulletin
Hoards; a great many good Jobs not adver-
tised; also get a free list of Joba at the
• PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento at.. Cor. Leldesdorft.
BUTLER, $35 and found: fireman and work
about Ice machine, $00 and board: hotel sec-
ond cook, country. $50; hotel cooks, $35 and
$45; 2 assistant barkeepers, country, $25 and
$35 and found: clerk, country hotel. $rw> and
found; pantryman. $25: dishwashers and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT, & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento et.
FIRST-CLASS wlndcw dresser, references, $115;
2 Jobbing blacksmiths and wood worker, no
shoeing. $3 day; blacksmith helper, $2 day;
3 section men f,or railroad. $2 day; 50 labor-
ers fcr mines, mills, woods and quarries, $2
and $2 50 day and $f>."» month; miners, $3
day; woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; engineer for
pile driving: pile setter: foreman for fr.ult
ranch, $40. and board: 3 farmers and wives.
$50 and ?55 and /found; yardmen, $25 and
found; all-round laundryman, $40 and found;
handy man about Institution, $30 and .found,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. t>2S Sac-
ramento st. ¦
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. ' California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan st.
WANTED — A younc man. 16 or 17 years of
age; must be bright, possess good habits and
live with parents: work will be to assist In
an office. Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO., 740
Market st.. Friday or Saturday mornings
only, between 9 and 12 o'clock.
BARBERS, Take Notice — Special meeting Mon-
day, . August 24. Business of utmost Im-
portance. Fine enforced for non-attendance.
- V J. R. BLEILY, secretary local 14S.
BARBERS — Best bargain: 2 chairs; running
steady; no reasonable offer refused. 2 Sum-
mer St., off Montgomery, between Pine and
California^
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand, and a first-class
shaper and band sawyer. -Mechanics' Plan-
Ing Mills. 715 to 717 Bryant st.
YOUNG man with some experience either at
harness making or carriage trimming. 718
Folson\ st. -.
BRIGHT, energetic men ¦ to take orders for
Cof-farin, the best cereal coffee on earth;
salary and commission. •¦ 400 Jackson et.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-fornvshoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel barber
shop.
JOBBING blacksmith, also woodworker, at 437
Francisco st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 51 Third st.
BOY wanted. United States Laundry. Six-
teenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED — 2 first-class carpenters at 2138
Flllmore st. ' .
FIRST-CLASS barber^wanted. 509 California
street. '
WANTED — Bootblack. Grand Hotel barber
shop. *.
BARBERS, whole | or half Interest for sale.
501 Castro et.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
• n _____ « .
ELEVATOR boy wanted. 29 Stockton st.
BEDMAKER wanted at 261 First at.
WANTED — Second waiter at New Golden Gate
Hotel. .
DISHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
LUNCH waiter .wanted. 434 Fifth st.
WANTED — Prune pickers. Call | at room 260
Royal House, bet. 7 and 9; no fee.
BARTENDER— German-speaking preferred.
Box 2407. Call office. -.
BARBER shop for sale, $50; worth $100.- In-
• quire Call office. -. ¦
YOUNG German to/vork In grocery store.' 2101
Golden Oato ave/ - . :
, AN errand boy; about 15 years old.' Apply to
MacCABE ; & SON. 01 1 Merchant st.
WANTED— Boy v for office work tn tailor store.
24 Phelan building. 800 Market st. ! , ¦ .
.WANTED— Partner for prospecting, gold placer'
• mines. Northern ' California. Box 1076, Call.
PLATEN "press feeder wanted; steady, good
Job. 109 California st.A multitude of youngsters and a goodly
representation of older persons witnessed
the exhibition given yesterday at the
Public Playgrounds at Seventh and Har
rison streets. There were races for- the
boys, and the winners were given valu
able prizes, and trained athletes gave ex
hibitions . on the rings, horizontal and
parallel bars, after which two teams
from the Victory Club contested In a
game of basket-balL
George Schlltter of the Olympic Club*
performed on the rings for an opener.
T. K. Kuppu. a -Hindoo who came' here
with the ill fated Hindoo circus and re
mained behind when the rest of that ag
gregation sought its , native shores, did
some difficult and thrilling feats on • the
horixontal bars, for which he was liberal
ly applauded. - He also ; demonstrated his
ability on the parallel bars together with
George " Schtitter, Howard Gillette and
Herman Stellje. Howard Gillette did
some excellent tumbling.
Exhibition games for girls will be given
next Sunday. * •
INTERESTING EXHIBITION
ON PUBLIC PLAYGEOUND
Many Witness Contests Between
Boys and Performances of
Trained Athletes.
Sweden's seventh iron-clad of modern
type, the Drlstfrheten, was lately
launched at Gothenburg.
Gtnerally cloudy weather prevails OTer
Washington and Northern Arizona. Elsewhere
on the Pacific Slope it Is fair. Light ram U
reported from Portland and Eastern Washing
ton and a thunderstorm at Spokane.
The pressure has risen over tbe northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and fallen over tbe
central and southern.
The temperature has risen slightly In the In
terior of California and fallen decidedly over
Idaho and Eastern Washington.
The following high winds are reported: Mo
dena. 36 miles per hour from the southwest,
and Eureka, 2C north.
Forecast made at San Fr_nd*co for thirty
hours, ending midnight, August 24:
Northern California — Fair Monday; light
northwest wind. I
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh
west wind.
Ntvada — Fair Monday.
San . Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh west wind. O. H. WILLSON,
. - . Local Forecaster.
"Weather conditions and general
-,< forecast.
(120th Meridian— Faciflc Time.) .1;
BAl* FRANCISCO, Aug. 23—8 P. «n-
Tne following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and tbe rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours: /
I ss*i?3*3 s* 'i
BTATIONfl. |.|| JlfS | a |
".Baker ....... 29. 8S 66 49 X Clear .00
Carnoa ..29.62 SO 4« W Clear .00
Eureka ......29.88 60 M NW Clear .00
FresBo ......29,60 M M NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ...._».«_ "8» 50 »W Cloudy .0O
Ihdependence .29.54 S8 62 f«E Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 70 78 68 • - Clear .00
Mt Tanjalpals.29.74 7S M W Clear .09
North Head*.. 30.00 62 5S KW Oear ."M
Phoenix 29.50 104 80 W ClelT TT.
Pocatello 20. «« 76 64 -SW Clear .00
Portland 29. IW 6S M NW Cloudy .02
Red Bluff 29. t» 90 60- I* •' Clear .00
Rosebnrg 29.90 72 54 K Clear .0*
! Sacramento ..23.62 88 M N Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.56 84 60 JfW Clear .80
San FranclsCo.29.To 70 M "W Clear .00
S. L. Oblspo.,29.74 74 52 W Clear .00
San Diego 2».72 «! W SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29. M 69 56 W Cloody .1_
Spokant ......29.92 rtrt .M X Rain .OS
Tatoosh .23.83 £-5 &4 SW Cloudy .00
! Walla Walla..29.a4 79 63 8 Clear .00
i Wir-flemtieca .20.72 78 50 NW Clear .00
! Yuma J.29.50 106 "8 SW dear .09
Weather Report
THE SAN FBAKGISCO CAtLr /MONDAY; AUGUST 24, 1903.
9
AUCTION SALES
-__a jS__* _fei
TO BE SOLD AT ACCTIOX— 20 head o_ all-
pcrpose tenet. 40 sets of —arness; also a Larac*
•tock^of camp, express wagons. rubber-Ur*
buggies and surreys at 1140 Fotsoxa St.. Tuss-
day. Augast 25.
___>6 fe> -Sa
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES. HARNESS.
WAGONS. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 337
EIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. Aucnst 29, at 11
a. m. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
R An, WAY TBAVEIb
California
Limited,..
ro CHICAGO
i____i1ii___$ n ea^ T r _u n
[_____!_ or ose Wh°
gw™]^^^ Seek .lha Best.
SANTA FE TRAINS. '
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ Local ! L__a"d Local jOVrrd
Dally f Dally Daily f Dally
Lr. Pan Fran 7:30a 9:30 a 4:0Op 8:W p
Ar. "Stockton 10:40 a (10:01 p 7:10p<ll:15p
> " ilerced l:V5pl:Up 1:2S*
•' Fresno 2:40 p' 3:20p S:1S»
"Hanfcrd 4:Mpi4:07p 7:80*
"Visalla 4:53p 4:4Sp 3:00a
" Bakersfleld .. 7:15 p 6:00 p! 7_»a
"Kansas City 2:35 ai '.. 7;0O*
"Chicago 2:15pl 8:47 p
a' for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily is Bakersfleid Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaqaln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:55 a. rn. daily.
9:3ft a. m. Monday and Thursday Is th«
CAI_TT0B2OA LliUTSD, carryiag: Pal-
ace Sleepinar Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car rum to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-da-a pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
: 11:10 p. rn. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited, Composite
Car aad Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
r.eld and San Francisco. Correspoadl_z trala
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
' train arrives at 11:10 a. ra. daily.
8:00 d. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
: Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at F^sno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. ra. daily.
Personally cor.duc;eti parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 3 p. m.
OffSc** — G41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FHJNG1SCQ AND NORTH PACIF13
HA1XWAY COMFAHT.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of SCaxkvt St.
SAK PJ-A-TCISCO TO SAV BAP___I_
! WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:CO. »:00, 11:00 a. m.:
¦ 12:33. Z:V.>. 3:40. 3:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
" Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAY!*— ~:Zi). S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. to.; 1:30.
_:r{0. 3:*a 5:10. 6:.*M>, 11:30 p. m.
SAN a_r_IL TO SAB FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— €:C5. «:30. 7:35. 7:30. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. »2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
-:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trla at 1:45 p. m.
BUKDATE — «:5O. 7:33, 9:20. 11:15 a. ra.: 1:43.
3:4U. i:K. 5:C4. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave f In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. f May 3. 1903. ISan Francisco.
I Week i Sun- ( Destina-. I Sun- | Wee's
- Days. '' days. « tlon. ? | days. > Days.
I 7:30 ai . 7:43 al 7:43 a
I 7ut0a 8:00a 8:4Oa S:4Oa
I S:COa 0:30a Igcacio. 10:20a 10:20a
> 2:.-J0p 2:30 p 6:00 p{ 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p . . 6:2Op{T:2Sp
I 7:25 pi
7:20a[ 7:30a . 7:43a 7:43a
S:0Oa S:C0a • Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
j 2:30 p! »:.¦» a Petaluma. 6:2Op 6:20 p
1 &:!¦) p 2:.tt>p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
I S:10 p Santa Roaa.
~7:30a! 7:.TOa r 10:20 a 10:30 a
8:00a! 8:C0a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20p
¦2:30 p! 2:30 p " : 7:23 p
Windsor. 1 *
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. j
2:30 p 2:30 p Cey«erville, 7:23 p[ 7:23 p
Cloverdale. |
7:3Oa| 7:30 a] Hopland |10:2O all0:2O a
2:30 pi 2:00 pj and Ukiah. | 7:23 pi 7:23 p
7:30 al 7:30 aj Willlts. | 7:25 pi 7:23 p
«:C0a| <i:00a! Camp Vacation. 110:20 ajl0:20 a
2:30 pf 2:30 pi Ouernevllle. |7:23pt6:20p
S:0Oaj 5:Wa| Sonoma. 1 8:4Oaj 8:4Oa
5:10 p| 5:10 p? Glen Ellen. :| 6:00 p! 6:20 p
! 7:30 al 7:30 a! , )10_» a|10:2O a
t 2:30 pf 2:30 p( Setajtopol. I 7:2Spt 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Gre— a Brae for San
j Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
I Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
1 West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservl'.le for SX— ggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boone— tile and Green-
wood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. KelseyviHe. Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Spring*; at
'¦ L'klah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
! Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
I Upper Lake. Porno, rotter Valley. John Day's
¦ Riverside. Lierly*s, BuckncU's. Sanhedrin
; Heights. HullvtUe. Orr^s Hot Springs. Halt'
' way House. Consptche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
! kins Menaocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
! Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg. Westport.
! Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Laytoaville. • Ctan-
i mings. 'Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
! Garbervtile. Pepperwood. Scotl* and Eureka.
; Saturday to Monday round-trip tic-eta at
I reduced rates.
: On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to alt points
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
- U H. cfwHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manaser. Gea. Pass. Ajt,
i _ .
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY*
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
• WEEK DAYS— (Holidays except* d) — «:«,
f7:43. 8:43. 9:43, 11 a. in.. 12:20. •1:45, *:1\
4:15. t5:15. •6:15. 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not mn to
M SCNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8 t~> tnO. 11. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30 ri:30.
_-35 *3:-O. 3. 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quent.'n. Toes*
marked (?) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:13 p. m. train
'"iTJoll^AN'flAFAEI, TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week day*-^i23. J«:23. 7:40. 8:13. »:33.
ll^CS a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. »;45. 4:50. 3^30. «:43.
10 Si:NDATS— «:15. 7^3. »:40. tI0:i3.
±11:43 a. m.. 12:50. 2r30. J3:23. 4:4a t5:50.
«:55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
TTalns coMked <t) -.start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:43. 6:40. 7:43. 8:23.
0:45 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. 3:10. 7:03.
10:40 r. rn.
SUNDAYS- «:S5, 7:35, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1-05 2:40 3:45. 4:.v>. 6:03. '. :10. 10:40 p. m.
V THROUGH" TRAINS.
7:43 a. m.. week days — Cazadero asd w»y
ictatlons.
5:15 p. m.. w«ek days (Satardaya excepted)—
• Tomales and way stations,
f 3:13 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations-
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m., Caxa-
dero and waT stations.
- Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. ra.. Point
Reyes and- way stations. - • -
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market «t.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S' RAILWAY
-. Leave- t_ Snaaihs Fwrr - Arrh-s
S-aiFran. Km rf Karfat a. San Fraa.
-Week Son- -m San- Weak'
V.*iK H:OO\ K*3v£i_&__l lt.OON tf:l«4
l:45p »:(M>a \S%S^»_f l*:50r3:30p
CilAr 1O:OOa 3:3Or 3:SOr
.. I *:35pj «:OO» ____!__
IslsHsyi s-ly. haw Tk-s-T •i3Ot, -nin-J. il:»»»
neir .-.I -_4 Ma-juct St. (N'orth S-ore Rjulro-dj
077333 ) aad Sausauto Fex_t. Foot Martwt St.
HAILWAY TXAV-_L. !
SOUTHERN PACIFIC!
- Trains le_i e :tuil stre due to arrive at
>AN FKANCISCO.
Olala Line. Voot of Market Street)
L_t-« — ¥<:•,* AriiC»T —I. l!<a. — -kkitb
7.00a Bca:ci_. Sultun. blunra and bacra- ,
naentw 7.25*
?.00_ Vaca-U!?, TTInter". Ramsey _ 7.2Sr
.33a Martlnrz. San Kamon. Vsllejo.
Kapa. Caliitoe*. Saau Kosa 6-25f
740a Klles. LlTermore, Lathro?. Stock-
:«c. 7.2Sp
800- DaTU.ffootilaod.Knt)thM Landtng.
M«r-srlllr. Orevllie. (connecu
at Mary*vSlle Jor Urldlej. Hies*
and CtU-u) 7.55r
8 CO*' Atlantic Rxprest—Ogdra aad F-ut. 10-2Sa
8 00a Fort Costa. Martiecz. ADtioch. Bf-
rjnJraey.Stocktoo.-acraratBtac
Los Hanoi, .Men-Ota. Has turd.
VImUa. Fort^rTlIle «4_!5p
e.CO* Port Costa. Martlaez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modestu, Merced. Fresno,
Go«hen Janetlsn. Han ford, VI-
aalla. Hakerafield S.2Sr
8.30- 6ha«ta Kxrr«»»— DaTi». Wtlllamt
(fur Bart:e:t Sprlac*>. trtl'.iiwa.
t Frutu. K«-d Plu.T. Portland 7-55p
830* KHet. Saa Jtxe. LlTennore. Scock-
ton.lon< m .Sarr»innito,F!arertnie.
MaryiTlllr. Chlcoi Itrd Waff 4-23r
8 30* Oakdale. Cbtaese. Jsraectovn. So-
oora. Taolamse and Angels 4._5f
9 CO* XIartinez and TTaySutiooi 8SSr
10 00* Vuliejo- : 12.25- ¦
10-COa Kl I>as<i P««»en»r-r. EaclboaDd.—
Tori Costa. Martlsex. Byron,
'• Traey. Latbrop. BtoektoB.'
\ Mrren). Karmond. Fre»n<>, Haa-
ford. VUalla. nakrrtfield. Los
Aneeles aod El Paso. (Tut
bound arrive* vl«Coa#t Ll_e)... «1.3O
10 CO* The Oterland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer, Omaha. Chlcaco. „ --• -25"
; 12.CC* Hay-ard. Nli^aand Way Stations. 325-
: tl.OSr S»cramenlo Rl»er Steamers- fll.COr
3-_0r RenU-la. Wlntpr*. Saeramrnto,
Woodland, wmiacna. Coins*. WU-
- lows. Knfc-U Lund In (c. M.vjs-
vlUe. Ororllle and way rutibn*.. 10 55*
3-JOr Hay ward. K lies and Way Btatlon*.. 755? |
4 COr M-rtinez.gan Kamon. ValleJo,Kspa,
CslUtoga. Sanu IM«a. ... 9 25* ;
4-COt M«TtiBex.Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 102-a
4C0p Kites. UTermore.Sto<kton._od!.. 4.25r ;
4 3Qr H*y w»rd. Kllrs. irvlnKton. Sao I 18.55a
Jo«r. LITeraiore I til. 65* >
6-C0~ The Owl l-iiiit'.-.-iI— Fre«no. Tciare.
liakers-eld. Im» ADKeio 8.55a ,
S-COf Port Costa. Tracy, atotkion. Loa
Banof 12 25r
tS-SOr H.rward. Mies and San Jose 7 25*
. 6X0r lltjward. NUf sand Sin Jc»e 10-2&A
: 6 7f^ [Vauejo.... .7.65,
6.C0i- Orl^otal Mall — Sacramento. Oc<Jen,
DenTer. Umab-. St. Loais. Chl-
t»po»n«t Ka»t. -Carries trswliw
p«*-fc;Ti only oat of ban Fraa~
ci-ro. Toariit car and coach j
rumrCFers fur points beyond j
Eacramento t_Jtr 7.00 r. w. train
to llriio. roa tinning theaee la
their car* ( r.x. train eattvard.. 4.25r
7 COr Port t:o»ta. IJenlcla. Salsnn. UaTit,
Bacr-mentu. Truckee. Ueno.
- Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.55a
7-CCr San Pablo. Port Com, UarUnez
and Way Stations 11.25*
; 8X5p Oreron 4i Catliornla Kspre**— Sac-
ramento. M>ry»Tllie. Redding.
Porti:~Bd.riicelSoandaDdK*»t. 8-E5A
:9.10r Hayward, Nllei and San Jote (3un-
day only) :il.R5 a
11.26* Port Cc»t». Tracy. Latbron. Mo-
dejto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno, H-nford. VI-
talia. BakeraOeia 12 25?
i; COAST LINE (Sarr.« Ua«s«).
(Foot of Market 8treet.)
17^46* Santa Crux Excarslon '.anday
only) , ;.. O-IOp
1.1 5a Kewark. CeuterrUle. San Joae,
Felton. Boatoer Creek. SanU
Cras sad Way Stations........... ft _5r
t2.1Bp Kewark. CenterTllle, fmn Joae.
Kew Almaden.Lo* Gn:o*.Fe:tca.
Bonlder Crcrfe. Santa Cras and
Principal Way Stations 10-55A
4.15f Kewark. 8an Jose. Los Oatos and
way station* (on Satarday and
Snaday rant tbrontb to Santa
" " Cmi: Monday only from Santa
Oral). Connecu at Felton to
' and from Boalder Cr^ek l___Li
" OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
FTcct 8A1« KltAK CISCO, loo* 01 Market 3_ (Sllp<»
-: -tt:l3 S:0O 11:00 *.«. 100 3 CO 6.15 p.m.
From OAKLAKD. Koot of Bruadway — «:(»«:«•
18:05 10:UiA.n.» 12 00 200 4 -00 r.m.
COAST LINE (HmdUiw).
t3f* (Third aad Towmenti ScreetJ.)
8.10a' Saa Jote and Way Stations. 8 30p .
1700a 8sb Jot e snd Way SUtions S-36r
17.15a Monterey and Sanu Crax Exear-
. tlon (Sunday only) t8-30-
/8 00a Kew Almadea (Tues.. Frld.) .... /4.10*
• CO a Coatt Line Limited— Stops only Ssn
•- Jote, Gil tot (connection for Hoi-
Uster), Psjaro, Caatrorllle. 8a-
llnaa. San Ardo. Psao Roblea,
6anU-Urgarlta,8a- Loir Obttpo,
«.na itlnpr. Snrf (connection for
Lonijvoc). Santa Barbara. Ssnfns
snd Lo« Angrles. Connection st
CattroTllle to and from Monterey
and Pad-c GroTe 104$?
i.CO* 8»n- Jcte.Tres Pinos. Capltola.
SaouCrn-,pReiflc(lroTe.9s]laaa,
e_n Luis Obltpo and Principal
Intermediate £:at!ont .......... 4.10*
10-10* Ban Jote sad Way SMtlons .. 1.20?
1100a Cemetery Pansercer— Souxb Saa
¦ Fraadsco, Ssn Bruno I.CSr
1140a flanta Clara, Saa Jots, Los Ostos
and Way Buttons 7.30f -
oi 30r San Jote and War SUtioos x 7-C0~
2-CCp fan Jo*e and Way SMtlons..; 59 40a
230p Cemetery Ptatea^er — Soath 6«n
Frsnelico. San Bruno 435r
f 3.C0P Del Monte F.xpr-««— Str.ta Clara,
Saa Jur, Del -lonte, Monterey,
PacJ-e Grore (connecu at Santa
Clara for Stflta Crnx. Boalder
Creek and KarrowGanfePofnu) f12-15*
o-JOp Psclflc Grore sad Wsy Statfoot—
Marlloinime.Sanlfateo,Redwood. .
MealoPark. Palo Alto ifay-eld.
- Moacutn View. LawreBee. Santa ~:y
Clara. Saa Jote, (Oltroy. HolUi-
ter. Tret Plnot). P»Jaro. Wiwon-
viile. Cspitota, Sants Crux, Cas-
troTlUe, 6a1lBss 10 45a
4-30p fas Jote and War Stattois 8.36a
(5 43 Or Ban Jose. (vl« 6anu Clars) Los
G&tot, Wriitbt and Principal Way
Stations... *9.00-
56-JCr SanJofeandPrlnelpalWaTSUtto-t :8.00a
th.16f SaDMateo.Berctford.Belinoat.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks. « -
Wenlo Park. Palo Alto..... t9-45r
ClCr San Jose aitd Way Sutlons.. ....... 635*
7 XCr SoDtet Limited. Ea.tbo.Dd.— San
Lnls Oblspo, Saau Barbara, Los
Anteles. uernl-r. El Paso, New
Orleass. Kew Tork. (We«tbonnd
arrlresrlaS-nJcaqala Valley)." <rfl.S5a
8. COr Palo Alto aedWay StaUont 10.15a
11-5flr South San Francisco. Millbrae.' -
Burlluetme, San Mateo. Bel^ ,
" ¦•' - -mont, 4 Saa Carlos, Bedwood. .....
Fslr Oaks. Meoto Psrk. Palo , Isift
Alio, Mayfleld, Mountain View, HW
Snnnyvsle. Lawrence, SiBts
Clara and San Joae...-.*.......) -
A for linrninfr. : Pfor Afternoon.
x Saturday an- Saadsy only. ¦-. t Sunday only.
f Etopt at all autlont on Sunday. .
. t Banday excepted. a Saturday only. _
¦¦ « V U Coaat Line. u: Via S»n Jcmqoln Valley.
"•ArriTeTi-Kllcs. /Toetdayand Friday.
CT"Oniy trains ttopptor at Valencia fit. soatbbonnd
»ret:10A._i..t?:0C'A.M.,n: | .«A.jr.,5:S0p._:.and«:Nr.it
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
statement:
C0NSITI0D* A1TD AITAIB3
— CT THE—
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LOXDGN. EN GLA-CD. ON THE «ST
_ay ef . December. A. D. 1903: and for
the year ending oa t-at d-r. " mad- to t_«
Insurance Conxco-askmer o- tae State of Cal-
ifornia, ptirsoant to the p— }— lsions cr Section*
CIO and 611 ot tfc* Politic— I Code, eondra-*.
as per blank f_n___ed by -_• CO— __— *lon«r.
ASSET9-
R«-J Est_t« ewoed hr Ctoxopany... »SS».1*_I »
Loans on Bonds aad Mortgages 1U.0OO 00
C*sh Market Tklne of »U StOci_»
and Beo-Ui owned by Coxapaay.. 2.1*0.9*1 »
Cash la Compa-y-s OtSem _HH S
Cash In Banks - 173.138 5O
Interest sue and aeer oed oa all ._*'_.
Stocks aad Loana ...... — -.-..- 1.913 23
Interest due and aceraed on Botnts
and Mortgages -. •• " sv.194 19
Prechuns la due Cbor-e of Oa*-
lactlon «80kTW Vi
BlV.a recerraale. not iUrured.
taken for Fir* and Maria* P.laks. t.tl* 41
Rents due and ae«raed 1.703 17
D-e from other Con >o->n!ea tat Re-
. insurance oa losses already paUd. 23 M
Total Assets
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid fia.»30 00
Loase» h» prows* of. AdJajtaMnt or * • m
la Suspen«i *H*£fi S
Leases resisted, including exps— se«- *».»» w
Gross premiums en Fire Risks ran- .
ring an* year or less. (2.292.-
•71 S3; reinsurance BO per cent-..l.l*«.-* T9
Gross premiums oa Ftre Rlska r_n-
ning more than one year. $3,120.-
902 04; retssurwiee ero rata... 1.1X3, -M 89
Gross premiums on M_rtn and'
Inland Navigation Rlaks. I...; 1
reinsurance 100 per «at O.U* Ca
Gross preno! us is on Marine Tlsrs-
Risks. *.....; reUwraranc* 60
per cest ...Ji
Amount reclaim-ble by the t_- - - -
sared on perpetual Fire Insax-
ane* PoUdes JS^SJ !2
All otl»er liaMUUes 134.9O 43
Total Ltabiit-es -..S3.WMC »
INCOME.
N'et cash actuily r-celved for Tin
premio ma JXsaOCsB* •?
Net cash actually received for M*-
rine premtus-s .— 1S1.4W •»
Received for interest on Bonds aad
Mbrtg_«a- 10.4C8 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources ........ T1.»T» 4fl
Received for Rests l&S-J S3
Total Income .t3.C81.Wa T3
EXI'EXDIjL'kES.
Xet amoant eaJd for Fire Losses
(Including f tosses) of P~»- _
?lous years) fl.634.8I0 0-
Xet amount raid for Martae
Losses (inclndlar * loss** ._-__.
of prerlotis years 1H8IJB
Paid or allowed for CommiMtoa ¦ -
or Brokerac* MMBO 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
ebarges for of-cers. clerks, etc. 1C91S 49
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ...i. .¦ T3.243 73
AH other payments and expendi-
ture. Hg.B38 T.
Total ExpeadltorM ..12.ftO.8Q0 20
__FlreI
Losses Incurred during t-f ye«r..<l.g70.433 n
Rlska and Premh-m_.j Fire Risks. I Premftw-s.
Net amount of Risks
y^r 1 ?...*^.^?!^.^.^ W .<B4.«S 3 a
Net amount of Risks -
JSr^..^ 0 .*.^ mc».iei s.t»»»
*ZM£?VLuSa 408.174.n7 4.413^73 43
Max. Rls_s.l Pres-uzn-.
Net araeunt of Risks . - i
written <inrlss the • •*¦"
y^ir .....-.-••- S5S.040.561 $2«.-39 (*
Net amount of Risks
*&££?£ UK 4.»-,«H S4.M3O
~ c y. ¦ -ccr.r.rN3.
PadSe Ccast Branca Manager.
Eubecrfbed and sworn to befor. me. __s
10th day of March. 1*3.
Oexnty Insuranc* Comnilssicaer.
416 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CO2iTHTI0-T AHD A-TFATrVt
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LImitad,
Or LOXDOX. ENG1_ANI>. on the aist day
of December. A. D. 1903. aad for ' th*
rear en_ing on that day. as mad* to the In-
surance Coinx ola-lener of the State of C— U-
fornla. Durscant to the pro— lsions of sectlo— •
«I0 and oil of the- Political Code, condensed
u per -".as-: fornls-ed by th« Conuc-sslo_er:
ASSETS.
Real EstaU o-rned by Company... $173,170 ST
Cash Market Value of all Stocks.,' -
and Bends owned by Company. 8S7.000 09
Cash in Banks 73.S-S 80
Interest due and «ccrued oa afl -»
Stocks and Loans 3.23010
Premiums la due Course of CoUec-
Rents daeanid accrued .'.....' ! Mi CO
Due from other Companies for re-
tosuranc* oa loaaa. already paid 2.033 83
Total Assets t8O44OT 40
LIABILITIES.
t_>«ses adlusted and unpaid IIS IS
J^SS. of Adjustment
wli Suspense ..............^ 10.149 13
Gross premium- on Tin Rlsk» - •
nsnnlng on* ye*r or hn.
$233,434 17; reinsurance 60 per • r
eent •••••••••• .••••••••••••-••' UB^tit •»
Gros* premiums on Ftre Rlska
nlnning more than one year.
Sit" *21 22: relns-racce pro rat a 93.-13 43
Ui. aid accrued for salarte*. rest. ___._,
etc., •••••••• ••••-••-•••••••••• iMw
Commissions and Brckera«» due
__dto become due 11.19* «S
ACirtheV L__S-Utlesi % . . U397 »7
-_t»l LUblUUes 1217.233 M
INCOME. *
Net ctsh aetuany n*celved for nr. '
oreialu-ss _*r"v_" * Z « B . W7 » *4
H^J*d for Interest and dividends
on Etoids. Stocks. Loans, and
ironTall other s~urees 1S.M1 M
RiSr?ed for Rents 13.821 *
Total Iseone -. *3C9.I11 I_
EXPENDTTURSS.
v.t amount P-«d for Flro Losses
**tlnS5SS-« fcKT. kx»« of pr-
itous years) •••¦••• __¦ »».s_l 49
Paid or allowed for Commission or __,___,__
rt-nkaraxo ........ ............ 63,730 52
T^MforSaUries. Fees and other
P rf__r£s TeVofflcers. clerks, etc. 1_,1S3 03
P^dforState, National and Local
t&xe* »••»•••••••• ••••••¦•••••• «»9vi 79
All other payment* and expendJ- ¦
tanm **•'"* "
Total Expenditures «' ¦ f 134.7-3 87
Flr».
T-v^glac-rred durtag the year... I M.7_t 11
Risks and Pregilums.|r--i Rlsfcs.1 Pren-lug-a.
Net amount ef Risks
re-, 1 " .^'.*' CS.23O.J41 I »78,»n U
Net amount of a-—**
«plred durin. -the j.^^ WT#aM M
SAMUEI. R.JV7EED. of Wt^^bmg^
S_bsCT!bed~and sworn to before m* Ula Uth
dar of r^FriSHJ^CK. Notary Public
416 California Street,
San Francisco*
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year*
HOSE* TO IX>AS — Co-tinned.
J-ONET loaned to eal_ricd pecple. retail ner-
F"* 8 ** te__cster_. boar-iag-ho-ses. without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 cnnclr-1 cities. Tolman. £53 Parrott bl-g.
MONET to loan on lew Interest: gold. «Uw.
__¦__¦_* P-Mss and precious stones bougtt
at W j HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CX E Per <*« en furtitcre: $5 a cionth en eac_
».0U0; any security. 3C2 Moctgoiaery. room 1«-
8 \ O^J?T Tllt5:re * FUc-w; $15 cp: no removal;
V. TREMAJN. rccm SI. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans en tftamos-s an- Jewelry 2 P«r eent
*"<>- S. F. Collateral Loam B— ck. SS8 K>— rny.
£ TA.R I-aen Co ef Wyoming 1o£__f caoney t»
taU.n>a egplgye-. R. 811. Mnt-ai g-v.Bk bid.
CAEH '.osuied salaried people on notes wttiioal
lr..Vr-*T MOr.F.ET.L. Cni> Ex»tr.'n»r bli.
MUSIC--- ISSTUl.MBMS.
AJ-ONO OLa B_JtU._XN- AJU.:
S C_lcker_u-i J:3O. »1S3. S233
1 FUster; uprigfet -'J 3
1 Jewett; t___o_a_y; _ew »1»J |
1 fccta_Ter; c___cg,a_y; new :**X_S '
2 tu:_way >lb3. «1*
a «,___, ::::::.:: ___«l^
Rcou »2 cp allowed on p_rcfc_a*; la«t__-
-sent- C« up; ptaro ?»*r"» t- rc " •**. " p^ I
new piano, from $117 up- HE-NE PIANO ,
CO.. 23C-2J-7 G^ary c_ ; _e<=t_ :.r th« oal>- 1
1— f. Kr*U. Stesef. etc j
A SMALL walcat En:e.-»c_ uprlgSt. ifcsolutely
i_.e new, $;S5- 2-T Geary tt.
fcT_LXW_r vprttht. .ert c> private party.
tl-5; a grt^t t-rg-in. 257 Geary at. |
A 2K_r___-_r*s? gszs&FsSssz <
Kt_t*. F^cier. Sehwechten, •
W-^er. t^t-n;-- and others; e^y payments. ;
EENJ! CCBTAZ & SOOt, IS O F-rreil St.; a»
fcra_-:heg is »aa Fn-&cc.
WE have • lew rr.s^s t_i» week that are <
verj" tea-.pt:r.g am^ we can save you big :
r-ccey do a. zood r'-ano: coc.e early. THE ]
¦ g*ENO -lAL-VAla MUSIC CO.. 7C3 Markot. .
CAR X'iaiTOKS — l-'rt* Cecillan piano I
Piayer ccccerts daily a-t BT3ON ilACZT 0.
All "are welcome. SCS Post ft-
BAND :-ttru^crts: f. Bessca. Paris, maker.
Out lU_*a_d. Agt. Pac Ccast. 27S O'Farrell;
s—i-U-u 1 repa_rt_g; 2_-fc_Ed lsstraTsena ecUL
THE t:g ~i:*Tiv «_ie £-t BYIiON MAUZY'S is -
gra.=i Lha^ice to psretase a plan- cheap.
a<a» Pot gt.
XTNTDI-EEEN clrcun-stancee cause saeriflc* of
Cnrt-claas 3-pe<la- uprlgiit piano. SiS Ccl-ea
Ga. te are. !
A NE-W slaic fcr sale cheap. Arply Kl j
Geary st.
BARGAUS' — Etar-fiar, nalte upright; good con-
,:_ca- SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McA-lstar st.
Unredeemed «t_r_ce pianos and lumlture dirt
c— eap. ¦V»>Jtehe__"s Etcrage. 1636 Market.
_, GRAND ruih at BYRON MaUZY'S aa_e cf
p___o«; upr^-ts. t^O B9i -«u_rcs. J20 upt
3CS Po— t it-
' CALL _t BYP.ON MAUZY'S PiJ-sa Hause a_d,
ret crlces ca t___os wtlca will please yet
SOS Pc«t et.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pe_a! Stelsway upright plaao
perfect cr-er; e-crlSec. Kee-e'«.2S5 OTarre^L
ECT direct frcir. da ractcry ar.3 save SO w
cest. HORNUNO. £16 McAllister at.
K0KL_R & CHASE, 30 bTarrell St.; largest
_sJ oldest plaso hecse. _________
EE6T re_t:rjj pia_u> !n city for »3 per mosth.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. &60 Hayes sv,
6CHMER. Pyron ila-ry places. Cecillan plaa-
pUyer. BYRON SlAUZT. i/lfe-312 Pest at.
CUPTTRICP. vlc'.lcs. tithe—, old and new. H.
MT-LKR. roaker. repairer. 2 I— than place.
MISICAL. IXSTRCCTIOX.
I_aDY teacher «_3 give -ally lessees In ex-
cfc__re fcr rocsi: owtjs pla_o. Address J. C,
Ca-1 t-raneh, 2200 FUImore ft.
OFFICES AXT» STORES TO LET.
EMMA 6PRECKXLS bul'.llng. 827 Market St.—
Office to let; re=t $15; ".Igst. heat. Ja_!tor and
te>pho_e. ASHTOX * GARDINER.
SANSOME. 712 ctar Jackscn — Eaadscsae largs
store to let: rest $23.
PEBSO5ALfi.
A— FACIAL BLEiUHHES P.EMOVEU.
WrirJtle-. yelicw a£_ C*bty skin, birthmarks. ,
s-EAUpcx pittl_g- fc-;3 »c_rs scieatlflcally — »- ,
cacved wi_c_t cutting, musi (c electricity or I
t_e_:c_:es; ep«ct__ temcr.strax.cnt this week. |
Ca-i cr write DR. L. WILLIA--3. 371 Geary, j
THE £tar ita:r P.«se_y reeto— ?s g— ay hair. t_- )
prove* :_. grewth^ttpe failing .cure* fiaadrui! [
t_d :tc_:_f scalp : no tta_n cr etic— Inesi; j
cieasses «c_:p_.t 4n_ggir_s - . hairdressers' ;ax- \
ee-pt no substitute. Stir Re=ie-JyCo..3S50?a— ¦. j
WANTED — 839 r_en with tea-? diseases; loas j
of fcair aad fcaliisess preverted <cs_i treat by :
tcall black for t :*.'.-. p; ; cozis-ltaiion free;
«_50"to « fiua-ays loto 12. Prcf. GZO. A.
GARLOW. gpeela-'-st. roca 21S. 7T! Mar-tt-
NCT new. -.r.ftp. but bew £<k>_. ts tae motto si
v tte jr_.n_.;*cturers c£ the Rapid F-otary
6tar_— rti tie •ewicg-ra-chiae o. to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. ICCl.^rket St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 > ears' e_i»ertence. cures per-
r__.__n:t-y nicrph:r:e, cocaine habit. Call or
t__ress Central PtAn racy. 2-1 Grast ave.,
ccmer Sutter ft.; fee troderate.
DRINK Oof-C— Tin. the t^st cere— 1 coffee on
e_rtt. r-.ch in Savor, absolutely pure and
i r.:--.-.*hiiiF; crr~pcsed entirely cf s-iperior
gr-.:r.i a~. f-gg-
DANCING Tuesday. Th_rsi_y. Saturday a_J |
E_=.iay eve-irgs at T«"-tonia Hall. Howard
»_. sear Nisth: cc_-.age_;erit Prcf. Foeter.
AT lei* than cc*t. uncalled fcr ru:t-. orercc«_»
ard trouf^rs. at CHARLES LYONS'. Lc__oa
Taller. 721 Market st. ]
ZHK h'.£fc*et j>T-i-e raid fcr ladles' or geata
cart-eff c2cThi_g a_d a'.l ertlrlrs cf valus *t ;
ViEINBERG"S. 11«A EIli« e'~ j
ELEGANT *_::- on ea«y t_sta:_eer.ts: 30 ceatt !
at- cp per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar- j
k«"t »?_. between Pev«:th and gighth. ;
f'-UXG you- ffood*; will maJce ta.'.lcred fhirt
**aLPT tl. The FafM"n. 1129 Market, bet. 7_>.
MRS- RUMPLE will »•• p'.eased ta raeet old and
new friends br c.K'.ir.ery parlor*. £21 Geary.
Et;iTS to crder oc lsrtallgents. II ptr week.
jCe_fc*.tts fc Co.. i=erch tillers. 727-729 Market.
ALL styles __lr_res»:-:K. 25c: h_:r cxxls: naini-
rurtsf 25c. O. LKHERER. 123 Stockton st.
TA!!/!R-1!AEE waSX t7 ZO; dress panti 12 5O
MirSt Cloth'.rc Parlcr. ecr. P-jsh ar.d Dapcnt
tL'PEEFLUOL'a hi.r and nac_» removed by
electric needle. Dr.&_:!-.Traverse.!17CMarker.
S1ASQUERA2E <^*tuices. play books, wigs.
reentry crier-. OOLn«TETN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
ALKF-ED CM S —TTptlaa Henna restores gray
fcair to ltz natural color: SI: at al! drcggirts*.
6ur-*rSacu* hair an3 rrcles r-n^ore«l with elec-
--4- re*"?!* >T--. t.- M'«- r.*"r>. 1M3 Pjrt>-.
ru.'iisTin.
"ME. DEVAE. •cientiS: pairaist *n<! astrolo-
gict. O:fice. 2C Llebes tlifi.. 1C3 P-st et,; $1 1
palm readirjt-; •> Quertiona free; Tues. eve. j
ili-E. ZILLAH. scle_ti_c pe__-iii an_ ca.r_ |
reader; 25 years' experience; late at New
Zealand and Australia. .'-'Ca Post st.
H JEROME FOSELLI. ec!ent!3c p-ltsi-t, Si5
Tarl^r »t.. rear Geary. Pbice Black 56L
PAPEUHAXGIXG. PAI.VTI.XC. ETC. j
— -I
ROCMS pat*re<i. f3 Vi up; tinting, ps.ir.tl:—;.
K-Ttirar.r. Pairt CVi . 313 \H rt.: tel. Main 413
***** S'CIAXS AAP St'Il-EU.\S.
CK c. C ODONNELL — Office ar.d residence.
K21S Market St.. bet. Sixth an- eeveath.
ELOOD. »tin and rtrt-,1 __*eases a speciaity.
pn BALL. lC73Vi Market st.
REMOVED— DR WONG IIIM. herb doctor:
treats ali d:s*ases cf tee human body; for
part four years at :15-117 Masa=; '_>w lo-
cated at tC7 Geary «U. c«tr Learen— -ortn.
_in TONG PO CHY. ssceessor to Dr. 14 Po
Tai herb doctcr- cures all <J-.a^a_ts cf hu— -_b
ty use cf herbs and teas. T27 Wa-hicgtoa st.
tirs'O xv no the famous berb doctor — All dl»-
*a#er —jr#d »jy Chlr.»-~ herb*. 746-» C;ay st
ntoi owl*.
6 AN FRANCISCO, Cal« Aarait 22, 1903.—
Sealed prcposala, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here t__til 11 o'clock «u m., Septecsber
a l»^3. s.nd then opened for famishing and
erecting a Ui.VM gallon tank on 5«-fuot tres-
tle and for removing and re-e;> cling a
30.000 callcn task. mX Benicia Barracks.
Cal- Government reierres right to reject
. or «ec*pt acy cr ail bids la wbcle or in
part. Information fumUhed oa <pplic%t»oa
to C. A. DCVOL. Qaartersiaster. Cfcief Q. M.
bAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 27. 190J— Sealed
ipropta'als. «n triplicate, will be received here
until II o'clock, a. ra.. Atyrust 27. 1303. and
then openM fcr r.:::r.g ravine and laying
drain at the Presidio of San Francisco. Cal.
Government re»er\-e» rlgfct to reject or ac-
cept any cr ail bids in whole or la part.
Inrorer-ation fumUbed on application to J.
McE. HYDE. Dep-ty Q_artenn*st_r General,
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California.
TO LKAil-:.
I^O^lease^ia acres in Sonoma County; 20
acres In grapes, the balance all m*o& tanning
— ¦'.: e-roon 1 house, barn, stable, windmill.
r_ntU._g water; half mile from postoiflee,
raJirsad ctittion ar.d steamboat Ian— ing;
terras r-»scta__le. For p«r_CKl_r_ apply 111
REAL ESTATT: CITT— FOR 8ALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * COMTAUT,
C3S MARKET ET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. AUCTION. -^ 7 -_.
TUESDAT. AUGUST 25 1*»
At Our Salesroom. 63S Market St.
At 12 O'Clock Noon.
WESTERN- ADDITION FLATS.
E. line of Buchanan St.. 137:6 tu X. of
Union ; beautiful bay- window frame building,
consisting cf two Cats, 6 and 1 rooms and
baths; modern in every respect; Noe. 3015 and
SOUTH *CF ' MARKET-STREET INVEST-
MENT.
NW. line of Harrison et.. 185 ft. NE. of
Eljrhth; Noe. 1176. 117SA and 1176B: Improve-
ments consist cf 3-story frame building, con-
taining 3 flats and tmail building In the rear
containing 2 rocasa; rent $42 50 a month; lot
SOxSO ft. ¦"¦
SUNSET DISTRICT BLOCK.
EEtire block cf excellent land, bounded by
Seventeenth and Eighteenth aves. and W and
X sts.. being block 1257. size 240x600 ft.: this
is a most desirable location for a roadhouse.
being adjacent to t_e famous Ingleside racing
course and covered with eucalyptus trees. It
U en a car with Trocadero. ¦ '
MISSION BUILDING CORNER.
N~E. corner cf Seventeenth and Noe sts.; ex-
tremely deslr-ble corner: lot 30x91:6 ft.; this
is a particularly desirable location for stores
a&d Cats.
MISSION BUILDING SITES.
NE. corner of Seventeenth and Prosper ets.:
lot 25x31:8- ft.: an excellent location for the
e— rctlon of fiats: this property lies in the heart
cf tte warm belt.
ilLIZABETH-ST. INVESTMENT.
S. Doc cf Elizabeth St., 236 :S ft. west of
Ciasioud «_; 2 very desirable building lots.
siie 31:6x114 ft.; improvements on property
ciji^if.ing cf a cottase of 5 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
N. line of U_>r. «t.. E. of Broderick: Noe.
2C:S and 2<_ttA. « and 7 rooms: fln- stable In
t!v rear; rent $4S 60 per month; lot 27:6x
127:6 ft.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
M. Use of CUy St.. 'd.G ft. W. .of Powell.
corcer cf Parker alley : Improvements consist
oJ a substantial 2-story brick building; ex-
tr«_;ely large lot. 3t>:6xi7:<5 ft.
BRODER1CK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Broderick St.. 75 ft. N. of Oak:
Tery desirable neigtbortiood: 1 block from en-
trance cr Gclden Gate Park Panhandle; 25x
lOw ft.
Fcr further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ (ES Market st.
BAP.GAINS.
$_3oO — Ccttage, 4 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; in Cr.e repair; lovely borne; lot
25x114; eunny side. i
$i;XO— Coiia-g*. -4 rooms; let 25x50; Folsom !
t ». ; 1, block from cars; street work all done, j
JSiOO— 2-story. 7 rooms; modern; lot -2yxl_5;
C=e neighborhood; between Twe_ty-_fth and J
Twenty-sixth Ets., Fair Ocks.
$1100— Lot 25x123; Fair Oaks St.. between {
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; tunny side; !.
r.r.e neighborhood; lot in sazse block held |
at 12000. > -
$1CSO — I>3t 25x7S:6; San Jos« ave.. between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts.; bitumlnEsed and
sidewalk. • -
$550 — 2 lets. 25x114: Duncan st.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
$20 MONTHLY ray§ fcr a 4 room aad bath
cottage ar.d level lot. 23x114; Just bten built,
1W blocks from MUsion-st. cars OSCAR
HETMAN. 14 Post at.
2 NEW Cats; you can buy them on easy
mctitiily payments; we are building them in
Richmond, within one block cf 4 car lines.
OSCAR HETMAN. 14 Post st.
120 MONTHLY pays for a 4 room and bath
cottage aad level lot. 23x114; Just been built.
m blacks from Mission-st. cars. OSCAR
KEYMAN, 14 Pc-t st. ¦
6TOP PAYING RENT.
$1CO down. baL $20 per month: cottage 5 r.
and b.. on 26th st.. half block Castro-st. cars.
J250 down. bal. $20 per month; ccttase & r.
asd b., Sanchez st. Office open on Sunday.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3003 Mission st.
J22S0— MODERN 4-room cottage, bath and j
floored basement ; large lot; cost J2S5O: must :
j be sold at cnee. 5OS Jersey et... one block j
west of Castro: owner en premises: term*.
j VEAT ani attractive Western A<Ji:ticn cot-
tage $1500- terms if desired. THE He-
i CARTHY CO.. G46 Market tu
FINE ccrser. TXxfO ft,. Market and Dolores
st Fcr particulars see sign on premises.
FOR sale cheap — A lot 110x114; on Ellen St..
next to Douglass at. For Information call at
515 Stever-scnst-
FOH «le — House S rm: high basement; sunny
slie 19tb. bet. Valencia aal Mission; no reas.
c!T«- refu««l. Stephens & Co.. Unios-eq. Mkt.
THREE e":ega=t new flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
Chcrch and Seventeecth sts. x
PO1XT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
V.'ATEIl frcct lots a— d barzalas: all tracts;
mac*. r-hc-.f«. etc. BELL. -417 Parrott b;dg.
HEAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
i . — _ — _ — —
; ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
viseyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata -
Icrues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
I TO let or on shares — Fine stock ranch In Hum-
bcldt Cour.ty, Cal.. for a term of years; lots
of wood ar.d water. M. R. JAGER. 110
Taylor street.
$2oC9 BUYS 120-acre rzneh. near Yountville;
hcuse bam, good water; 30 acres vines.
Apply cr address Owner. S16 Second sc,
Napa.
; WANTED — To rent cr lease 10 to 100 acres; I
comfortable house: best of reference. Box j
l»a. Call.
! FCR sale — Be*t fruit farm in best county
tecr.ctr-a); barraln. R. MOORE, Kenwood.
Cal.
! ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
; i — —
aljtmeda real estate.
jTst~vvhat you are looking for.
a pretty home in alameda.
Surrounded by flowers and frcit trees; near
train and schoois; only f__»y; lot 75x123.
Nice 5-room cottaxe aad bath. . ,
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Gr. nd 1461. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
12SCC— COTTAGE of 7 r.. lot 5Oxl0-.i; $1*50— j
Cottage of 5 r, l_n fe lot: t2Gf*> — New house •
of 6 r., terms. J. H. YOUNG, 12*3 Park St.. !
Alameda- . ¦ ¦ - . I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE, new. haedscme -rottages; up to date; all
cc&veniences; cicse to cars; large lets; (1S50
to IICOO; only $_C0 cash, balance Jit. 60 per
r-.cc.th.
W. C MORAN. Lcrln station, or
C C. EMSLJE. Ashby ftatlon.
FOR RENT — House of S rocms and bath; near
U. C. and Head Seminary. I
_____ - ,
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. !
Corner Shattuck ave. and Center et. •
1 —————— —_————-—————————_———______ 1
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS 1
OFFICE, 1118 iJEOADWAY. |
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. 1
A BEAUTIFUL country home In ESmhurst; 8- j
room house; elegant interior finish; barn and i
carriage-house, chicken and numerous other |
outhoures; concrete driveways; beautiful 1
Cower rar.Vr ; 2 acres in orchard; one cf the I
prettiest hemes in Alameda County; it is I
goics to go for half of its real value; price
J t' ! ".-: rma.ll ;-.T.-~irr.t down, balance on ea.y
pa>inc_U. MITCHENER A BARTON. lulO
Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN. ~~~
Poeitively the moet elegant Improved grounds
in Alameja County: fine 9-rocm residence
and bam: l.-t 90x150; on tbe west side of
Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-rocm cottage 03 a large lot, 80x120. This
Is a ssaD at Sl—M).
M. L. WLRTS 17ta st. and Broadway.
$275 CASH. $S 60 monthly; new cotta_e, 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.: modern;
soil and location unsurpassed; adjoining East
Oakland; lot 32x136; more land can be bad;
price in all, $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st.. cpp. Broadway station.
Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
LOOK AT THIS— 42650 cnly for a fine borne of
7 rooms and bath; better than new; lot 50x
127; all street work done and cement walk
around the house, etc Apply to P. C LAS-
SEN tc CO.. 460 10th sc, Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN— Only $1COO for a fla* 8-room eot-
tage in East Oakland. P. C LAfiSEN Si CO..
4«t Tenth rt.. OakUnd. .
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San Fr_a-
ciseo. tcr Oakland. Berkeley or — arat homes.
OAKLAND FL'RXISHBD FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnished flat, and lower Cat
partly furnished, fcr adults. 541 13th st..
Oakland. . - -
OAKL.1XD KURSITCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day fcr bargains In turn!- <
tare. 11. Echtilbui, lit- it. cor. -t_re,O-J_nd
itOOMS FOB HOCSBKEEPIXO^^
FOLSOM. 754 (near Third) — One or two eunny
rocms; gas, water, pantry, closet.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments tor
bcuaekeeplag; eat ranges: just newly fuf-
cUhed. IMP Polk et.
MISSION. 1063— Front suite. complete for
housekeeping; other rooms |1 BO up week.
HYDE, 412— Xlce sunny, furnished rooms;
housekeeping; laundry aad yard.
JESSIE. S33 — Sunny front room, furnished
housekpg.. $12; other room. IIP, gaa ranges.
KEAP.XT, 1O4 — Sunny o-furnlebed suite. $20;
newly papered: no children.
SOUTH PARK. 84—1 or _ rooms, olcely fur-'
clshed for .Housekeeping.
STOCKTON, ;.20tt— Model house; nicely furn.;
$5-$ 12; front ; phor.e. e*». bath, sunny. ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch or.tce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH otflce for Call advertisement* aod
subscriptions has been *jt»bi1*tf-l at 1094
Valencia st. ¦¦
APABT-E-BTTS TO UET.
"EL MONT-ItKT.'* the city's newest apart-
dent betel, located on the north side ot
Pl&e tz.. between Hyde and Leaven worth; a
cuperb brick building of gpanlsh . architec-
ture; all Use comfarta of housekeeping com-
bined with the convenience* of hctel lift; for
fCO per mont_ you can secure here an ur.tur-
i.'jfh*d 2-room apartnMnt. constating of Urge
living-room with cas grate and ma— tei, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchea
tqwpped with gas range, built-in china
tlcret and hot aod cold water; bathrocm
with tdiet ar.d porcelain tub (hot rnd cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice nlsbt and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes* walk fr«m
Pcw«il and Market; see these aparuneats
t«-day.
BOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and l'_far_.
AA— City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st.. ccr. Turk and Market sts..
Rocms 3 and 4. Phooe Jessie 447L
FREE. FREE.
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels. ,
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14b Sixth — Rooms
25c to *1 per dent. *1 25 (o.$» per week, and
light housekeeping rcoas; open all nltht.
AT "Tbe Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st. >— Rooms. 25c. 5oc (1. -SI 50 oigat;
tl £0 to flO week: boose epen all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk at.— Strictly modern: 4-3
. room apartmenta: fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 142S Market— (old No. 13*4)— Fur"
' clshed rooms, suftes. single: also cnfurnlshjd.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sacry rooms; prices reasonable.
EUDT 210 — Beautiful back parlor for 2 gen-
tleman: separate beds; running water.
FOLSOM. 776^i — Large room, suitable for 2
gentlemen. *
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Large furnished
front rocm and kitchen Tor light housekeep-
ing; gas stove, bath: no children; private
family: references given and required; S16.
GKANL> Southern. Tth and Mission — Rooraa SOo
to 11 5O nich-: ?2 tj »8 we>k: reading-room.
GUERRERO. 1203. near Twenty-fourt- — Four
unfurnished rooms; $15.
HAYES. 373 — Newly furnished eunny rooms;
bath; private family. -
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
fC Geary St.; phofie Bus'-. 8SO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOFF ave., 73 — 2 or 3 large sunny .well fur-
nished rocms; private family; bath and
kitchen; warm belt of Mission.
HYDE. S10, near Suttcr — A large furnished
rocm.
MASON. 217 — Two nicely furnished rooms;
board optional.
NATOMA. 1C2. corner Second — Nice sunny
f u rn lahed front roonzs; cheap rent. r>
OAK. Ill— A nice runny room, suitable for cna
or two gentlemen.
O'FaRRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished roo— ;s and
eftces; elevator: elec. Ights: da- week. mo.
THIRTEENTH, 2*O. bet. Mission and Howard
— To let; nice sunny furnishM front room in
a modern flat, with or without board.
UNION. 2001— Sunny famished rocm in eot-
tage. with bath; <g. j >
UNITED STATES. 123 Ediy ft., rear Market
— «i«) single and family roor.v: 25e to $1
right; $1 75 to 13 week: elevator; eledrta
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mcst convenient -nd respectable: 700 rooms;
Kc to 51 6O ni_ht: |2 to JS week: elevator;
e!ec. Mrhts: reading-room: fr^e bus: ba>i?as*.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill— sore.
A BRANCH olCce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at loon
Valencia st.
nOOMS AND BOARD.
AMOtT'tHE ""^^flSPD^VISADEiio'STr
Strictly first-class family hctel; sunny rooms,
suite cr single: billiards: tteani heat.
STEVENSON Mansion. SO" California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
HATES. 671— Nice front room, with board, for
gentleman; private family: reasonable.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1
per box; warranted to rure all cases of bleed-
leg, itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter uf how lr>ng
standing. 1C28 Devlsadero »t.. near Sutter.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRhTdEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlncaam. 204 Setter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES."
A— EMPORIUM _ Van~C<rr7urnlture~
. household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. cf-
flce Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture anil merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12$.
GOLDEN West Btorage; advances made; S40
Mission st.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2329 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2* 1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STXTTERIXG A.~D STAJIM ERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ne*» and
Market: positive curs for all. Don't delay.
__ TYPEWRITERS _A3rD_5CPI»LIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPETnUTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $-1. .The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2l&
A FEW good typewriters at S30 each; *et par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
• Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansorae.
BIRTHS— MABRI&6ES—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will cot be Inserted. They must be banded
in at either of tb-? w.bS'c.ition ofticis and be
indorsed with tbe name and residence of 'per-
rons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
WILSON— In this city. August 16, 1903. to the
wife of Harry J- Wilson, a ecn.
DIED.
Anderson. Clara Luega. Perfecto
Cagney. Mamie Porter. Ann C.
* Doyle, Catherine A. Quinn, Peter J.
Franklin. James Rickerts. Josena M.
Geary. Edward D. Schubert. Earnest C.
Glusti, Caroline Solomon. Nathan B.
Gosliner, SImcn Swagg. Frederick E.
Grant, Caroline A. Tracey, Mary
Greely. Cyral Upton. Alice W.
Hall. Winnie Webster. Frederic R.
Hannan. Mary E. Wilson. Annie
Harwood. Edward Woods, Mr> Bridget
ANDERSON— In this city. August 23. 19C5,
Clara, beloved wife of Albin Anderson, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass.. aged 26 years. t
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in vu».l to ¦ attend The funeral services
Tuesday, August 25. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
tbe chapel of th« Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
CAGNEY — In this city, August 22 1903,
Mamie, beloved daughter of the late Timothy
J. and Kate Cagney, and sister of the late
MarUn Cagney, a native of San Francisco
C7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, Mrs. R. Harlock. 245 Shipley
street, thence to SL Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
James McGinn. " Henry H_naen.
JAMES McGINN _¦ CO.. ¦ -
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
-—Funeral Directors and Embalrners-
214 Eddy St.; TeL South 576.
the -repose ot ber soul, con_nefaeli_f «t 19
o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery;
DOYLE— In tnls city. August 21. 1903, C*t_i
erine A., beloved wife of 8tephen R. Doyle;
beloved mother ot Alex. Harry. OeneTlevei
' Dora, -Kathleen and Juanita Doyle, daughter
of Mrs. C. and the late Michael Moran. and
¦ elster of Mrs. J. E. Whitney. Edward and
Joceph Moran and the late Mrs. G. Reslng,
a native of Kew Tork.
CTTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
Arfgust SV -t 8 o'clock, from her Ute resi-
dence, 1216 Treat avenue, thence to St.*
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will "be celebrated for .the. repose of her fcoul.
' commencing at »:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FRANKLIN — In the City and County Hospital.
August 23, -1U0.3, James Franklin, a native of
England, aged 5« years.
GEARY— In this" city, August 22, 1903, Ed-
ward D., dearly beloved, ecn of Edward F.
* and Catherine" J. Geary, and beloved brother
of Josech. William and Mamie , Geary, a
native of Chicago, aged 15 years 1 month i
and 12 days, ,1 !
6_rFric**s and acquaintances are respect- I
fully ihvitetf to attend the funeral to-morrow
«T\i*fday) at 8 o"cloc_, from his late resl-
; dence, 2123-- Stockton street, thence to St.
Fttuids Church, Vallejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue, where a reQtitem high mass
will be Celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
GIUSTI— Id this city. August 23, 1003. Caro-
line, beloved wife of G. Glusti. a* native of
Parts. France, aged 61 years.
S_TThe" funeral will take place from the
chapel of N. Gray & Co., 353 Sutter streeU
Tuesday, August 23, at 9:S0 o'clock.
G06LINER— In this city. August 22. 1905.
SImcn beloved husband of Reka Goallner,
and father of Harry. EdwanLand Louis Gos-
llner and Mn «. Moe Abrami, a native of
C#rmany, aged «5» years S months and 6
days.' ~. .
C>-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence, lltjo
Edd#|street. Interment Salem Cemetery, via
11 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
struts I depot.
GRANT— In AUmeda, Aurust 22. 1903. Caro-
line A.. "Grant, widow of the late Franklin
Grant, and beloved mother of Mrs. William
H. Baurhyte, a native of Maine, In her 73d
s_TService« wfll be heW at her home, 2930
Central avenue. Alaraeda. Tuesday. August
25, at 1:30 o'clock. Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
GREELY— In this city. August 23, 1903. Cyrs.1,
darling " little w» of Mark A., and Bell*
3 Greely, and brother of Urban Greely. a na-
tive of San Francisco, as;ed]-5 years and 19
J days. • "-'.!-¦
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 341 Twentieth avenue, near Point
Lobes avenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme^
. tery.
HALL— In this city. August 23, 1003. at lCSl*
Fre»lon street. Winnie, beloved daughter of
Caarles and Hattie Hall, and slater of Gar-
net Hall, a native of Maeomb. 111., aged »
years 11 menths and 3 days.
HANNAN— In Oakland. August 23. 1903, Mary
. E.. beloved wife. of Charles 8. Hannan. and
' beloved daughter ' of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Moran, a native if California, aged 32 years
10 months and IS days.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
-¦ (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock., from the rest-
• dence of her parents. 009 Thirteenth street,
- thecce: to the Church of the Immaculate
Conception where a solemn requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repese of her
•oul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
HARWOOD— In this city. August 22. 1903. Ed-
ward, beloved »on, cf Gran and Mary Har-
rtwood. and brother cl MarBarette Harwood. a
of Texa.«, aged 4 years and 7 months.
LUGKA — In Tuscan:ra. Nev.. August 9. 1903.
Perfect©,- dearly beloved s:5n of Maria and
the late-Jo«e Lugea. and brother of Ramon.
Mlruel. Jo«e and Maria Lueea, a native of
. Spain, aced IS years.
j_TFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day \
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godcau. 305 Montgomery |
avenue, thence to the Sranlsh Church, where
a hleh requiem mass will be celebrated for
th» reiwse of his soul, commencing at 9:«0
o'clock. Interment Holj* Cross Cemetery.
PORTCR— In Ocean View. August 22. 1003.
Ann Craic ""Porter, wife of the late David
Pcrter. and mother of Mrs. Geortfe Altchi-
sori. David K. Pcrter. Mrs. David Donald
and the late Agnes PorteT. a native of For-
fer. Scotland, aged CS years-. .
LTFrieiide And acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attenJ the funeral services
- to-mcrrow -<Tu«»«lay>. -at 2 -o'clock, at- her
late residence, 14U Victoria etre«t, corner of
Randolph. Ocean View. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
QL'INX— In this city. Autust 21. 1003. Peter J..
beloved husband of Annie Quinn, father ot
Peter J. Jr., John J. and Thomas A. Qylna.
Mrs. Thomas Guslar.d and the late Mr*.
Roranna £hultz and- Arthur , Quinn. and
brother of Mrs. Anr.le Quirk and the late
James Quinn, a native of County Tlpperary.
' Ireland. ag«d 64 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Mor.day>. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1C3 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
macs will be celebrated for the repese of his
soul, commencinir' at ft-.W o'clock. Intor-
rcent Holy Cross Cemetery.
RICKE-TS— In this city. August 22. 190.1.
Je*ena Maria, beloved dauehter of Martin
and Inex Rickerts. and sisur of Elsie Ro-
vllla Rickerts. a native of San Francisco,
agfl 3 months and 9 days.
Z^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-<Say (MonJay). at 2:30 o'clock, at the Ute
i residence. 13 Gilbert street. Interment Lau-
I rel Hill Cemetery.
SCHUBERT— In this city. August 23. IMS,
Earnest C. beioved hurband cf Lydia Schu-
bert, and father of Elsie. Lydla, Rulh,
Mlnette and Grace Schubert, a native of
San Franfisco, aged 40 years.
ET'NeUce of funeral her?after.
SOLOMON— In this city. August 23. 10C3, Na-
than B. Solomon, beloved father cf Mrs.
'•¦ Annie Greenwood, brother of the late C.
¦ Solomon Sr., and uncle of C. S. Jr.. N. R..
; F. H. and A. A. Solomon aad Mrs. 8. WeiU
a native of New Orleans, La., aged 65 yean.
CTTrleBil* %r.d acquaintances are rtspect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of C. Solomon Jr.. 4050 Twenty-fourth street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
', streets.
SWAGO— In this city, August- 23. 1003, Fred-
erick E. Swagg. Idolised son of Johana and
the late Frederick Swagg, and beloved
brother of William and Etta Hopper -nd
Mrs. Daniel Kelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years & months and 2 days.
; (C-'Frier.ils anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Tuesday), at *:30 o'clock, from his late
renldence. 63 Shipley streets tbence to 1st.
! Patrick's Church, where- a solemn requiem
I high mass will be celebrated for the repose
1 cl. his soul at » o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TRACEY— In the Cltr »nd County Hospital.
August 23, 1903. Mary Tracey, a native of
England, aged 71 years.
UPTON— In this city. August 23. 1903. Alice
W. beloved daughter of Annie J. and
late John W~. Upton of Grass Valley, Nevada
l County. Ca!., and sister of Mrs. Thomas B.
': and Mary H. Upton, aged 15 years 9 month*
and 11 days.
I WEUSTER— In this city. August 22, l'JOS.
Frederic Rand Webster, a native of Ver-
mont, in his 53d year.
|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to • attend the funeral services
Monday, Augu't 24, 1803. at 2 o'clock, at hU
late residence, 710 Pine street.
WILSON— In this city. August 21. 1903, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson, and sister
of John Keefe. a native of San Francisco.
ag»tl 42 yearn.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7GT
Mlfslcn st?eet. between Third and Fourth. £
WOODS— In this city, August 21. lWtL Mrs.
Bridget Woods, mother of Mrs. D.»%ordon
and Mrs. R. W» McCann. a native of Kill-
rush. County Clare. Ireland, aged ICO years.
ETThe funeral will take place Monday,
•August 24, at 8:50 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. R. w. McCann,
400 Tenth street, thence to St. Joseph'*
Church, where a requiem high ma? ¦ win be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at a
o'clock. intfT-ipnt Holy Croas Cemetery.. P. H. ; Winter of Napa, while trying his
punching ability on ¦ a machine at Harry
Corbett's , saloon yesterday, dislocated ¦ the
bone ¦ of ' his : right • wrist. ¦ He was \ treated
ail tne i Central ¦ Emergency HosoltaL
Knocked Out by the Machine.
Dr. Alexander .». Mclvor-Tyndall de
livered another of his interesting lectures
last night at Steinway Hall before a very
large and representative audience. There
were many well known medical men and
lawyers In the- gathering and the com
mittee appointed to try and puzzle the
doctor was also made up of well known
citizens. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall demon
strated the law of attraction and, blind
folded, placed his linger on a pin hole
made in the wall during his temporary
absence from the hall in charge of mem
bers of the committee. He' did many other
remarkable things. The lecture, "What
Is Thougnt?" was interestingly and clev
erly handled. Next Sunday night Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall will lecture on "How to
Read Thought"
Demonstrations by Tyndall.
Murphy was held by Lauber and Black
man: till Policeman Nell Reardon came
upon the scene, when he explained that
he was a hardworking teamster and not
a burglar. As; the unfortunate man was
bleeding from wounds on his head and
forehead .. Reardon J sent him to the City
and - County Hospital. ;• He had four
wounds and it 1 took some time to stitch
and dress them. ; No arrests were made.
William Murphy, a teamster living at
1512 Harrison street, while laboring under
an overdose of whisky wandered into the
yard of Jacob Lauber's residence, 26 Nor
folk street, about 4 o'clock yesterday
morning and lay down on the porch.
Lauber tKought the man was a burglar,
so he called to his assistance a friend,
Solomon Blackman, who lives next door.
They, armed themselves with clubs and
fell upon Murphy,* who yelled for help.
Excited Householder and Friend Be
labor William Murphy With
- Clubs.
INEBRIATED TEAMSTEB IS
MISTAKEN FOR BURGLAR
Five million envelopes printed for one cus
tomer. This ; tells of our capacity. Mysell-icol
11ns. 22 Clay, are well known. '>." • •
Dr. Oscar Allis, a distinguished surgeon
of Philadelphia, will deliver the first of a
series of lectures at the Cooper Medical
College this morning at 11 o'clock. Dr.
Allis will speak on many Interesting top
ics in surgery.
Dr. Allis' Lectures.
The attention of Policeman F. H. Dra
per was yesterday drawn to a room In a
lodging-house at 833 Howard street, where
a four weeks' old girl was left alone dally
for several hours by her unnatural
mother. Investigation showed that the
mother, whose name is supposed to be
Collins, was In the habit of leaving her
child during the day and far into the
night without nourishment, while she vis
ited saloons In the neighborhood. The
policeman took the suffering infant to the
Emergency Hospital, where Mrs. Rose
Cain, the matron, took charge of it. The
cruel mother will be arrested as soon
as she is found.
Mother Neglects Her Infant
Burglars raided the building at 508 Clay
•treet early yesterday morning, ap
parently in search of money. It Is not
known whether they found any, for two
of the establishments will not be opened
for business until this morning, and no
examination was made yesterday. .
The first floor is occupied by the Pacific
States Type Foundry, the second by Phil
lips, Smyth & Van Orden, printers and
lithographers, and the top floor by the
Brown & Power Co., blank book manu
facturers and lithographers. The fact
that burgiars had been in the building
was d'/M-overed by Charles H. Van Or
den, of "Phillips. Smytlf & Van Orden,
yesterday morning.
All the drawers in a raised desk had
been forced open and a cash box in one
of them had also been opened, but there"
Trapper's OU cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 408 Clajr. •
Ransack Two Printing
Offices and a Type
Foundry.
the Republic, all of whom received a
most cordial greeting.
The following were on tne committees
of arrangements" and reception: Henry
Stieber, John D. Hutter, Chris. Ruhl,
Dan Franck, Ad. Greub, Phil. Gretsch,
F. Messerschmldt, M. Bauer, F. Harder,
F. Nocolai, O. Busse, H. Cornlls, E.
J. Castor, William Schroeder, J. Herbst,
E. Rother and W. Pahl.
Mrs. Annie Hammersmith, aged 50
years, and her son Henry Hammersmith,
aged 25 years, residing at 123& Sixth
street, were severely burnt about
the hands, . arms and face yes
terday forenoon at their home.
Mrs. Hammersmith had sold the furniture
of the house and was about to vacate.
Before turning over the furniture she
and her son set about -housecleanlng, us
ing gasoline, which was. poured Into a
teacup. "While standing over his mother,
who was cleaning a mattress, the young
man struck a match to light a cigarette.
This ignited gas from the gasoline, and
the flames enveloped mother and son. The
clothing of both was soon in flames. Their
hands, arms and faces were burnt. The
man's injuries are more severe than those
of his mother.
The sufferers were removed to the
Emergency Hospital, where | they were
treated by Dr. Stevens. The commotion
in the room attracted the attention of a
lodger named Morris Ginsburg, who broke
in the glass door leading , to the room
where the fire had by then caught the
furniture. I His presence of mind in seiz
ing a bed spread and extinguishing the
fire that enveloped mother and son saved
them from more severe Injury. Ginsburg
got a few buckets of water and put the
fire out. ' '•• '[J, r -.\-"'i'x;;:".
line Causes a Fire in a Room
ing-House.
Lighted Match Over Cupful of Gaso-
BURGLARS VISIT
THREE FLOORS
Cyril Greeley, 5 years of age and a son
of M. A. Greeley, contractor, 341 Twen
tieth avenue, died at noon yesterday at
his parents' residence from injuries re
ceived on Saturday afternoon. . The
Morgue and police headquarters were no
tified, and Deputy Coroner Meehan and
Detective T. B. Gibson went out to the
house. After Inquiry it was found that
the boy's death was accidental, so the
body was not removed.
The boy was riding a velocipede near
his home and he collided with a beer
bottling wagon that was standing In
front of the home of his grandmother,
Mrs. Casserly. He was thrown to the
ground and one of the horses kicked him,
breaking his collar bone and three of his
ribs. He was carried home and Dr.
Proschold was summoned. The boy was
unconscious and remained so to the end.
No blame is attached to the driver of the
wagon.
was no money In It. A roller desk had
been forced with a heavy pair of scissors
belonging to the office, and all the draw
ers searched for coin, and one of the
locked drawers had the. bottom knocked
out of it. Several men were working all
night on machines In the printing room,
but the noise of the machinery prevented
them from detecting the burglars.
Entrance was effected by opening the
door leading to the premises of the Pa
cific States Type Foundry, which, before
deserting, the burglars bolted from the
insldp. It Is not known what damage
they did there or whether they got any
money, but after finishing th'ere they as
cended in the elevator to the next floor,
and thence to the. top floor.
They ev.'dently made their exit by the
door leading to the premises of the Brown
«'£ Power Co., as It was left open. There
the drawers In the desks were forced
open, but the loss. If any, will not be
known' till this morning. No attempt was
made to break open the safes in either
the Brown & Power Co.'s office or in the
office of Phillips, Smyth & Van Orden.
The police were notified of the visit of
the burglars and two detectives were de
tailed on the. case.
Cyril Greeley While Riding His
Velocipede Collides With a
Wagtm.
BOY KICKED BY HORSE
DIES FROM INJURIES
Among the audience were fully half a
hundred members of the Grand Army of
The hall was beautifully decorated and
the whole of the entertainment was of
surpassing excellence from a musical
standpoint.
The choruses "Vater Rhein," and "In
Tyrol Land" were magnificently rendered,
the former by the combined voices of the
San Francisco and Oakland Turn Vereins
and the latter by a chorus composed of
ladies and gentlemen.
There were numerous numbers, but
none were more heartily received than
a soprano solo by Frau F. Hausmann.
The ever popular chorus, "Good Night,"
was one of the much applauded rendi
tions by the San Francisco Turn Verein.
The singing section of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein, in conjunction with
the Oakland Turn Verein, gave a grand
concert last night at Turner H:\1I, 353
Turk street.
Gives Entertainment at Turner Hall
in Which Oakland Verein
Takes Part.
GERMAN, SOCIETY GREETS
MEMBERS OF THE G. A. R.
The object is to interest the boys in
charitable work and get them to feel
they are performing some real service.
The special field expected to be developed
is in the line of service for the sick and
afflicted, carrying flowers to the sick,
food to the hungry, comfort to the dis
tressed, distributing Christian literature,
competing with Uncle Sam in carrying let
ters from the teachers in the Sabbath
school to the absent scholars and such
other service as the pastor and Sunday
sohool officers may require. i
The work was organized by Superinten
dent C. B. Perkins, who has always taken
a deep interest in the boys. Twenty-seven
of them marched to the front of the plat
form, and after being addressed by the
pastor agreed to obey the rules of con
duct enjoining regular attendance at the
Sunday-school, avoidance' of the use of
tion of a society known as the
"King's Messengers." The address was
given by the Rev. Dr. Stephens, pastor of
the church.
ANEW feature of work for boys
was organized yesterday in Simp
son Memorial Methodist Episco
pal Sunday-school by the forma-
Alfred Bernstein, captain; Harold Waltz,
lieutenant; Clarence Evans, sergeant: Dean
Rollins, corporal; George Kern, secretary;
Lester Grosbauer, treasurer.
O-H"M-M"I-l"H"I"l"I"I"H"I"I"l":"H"l-»
MOTHER AND SON ABE
ENVELOPED IN FLAMES
George Maletrat, Harold Waltz, Fred Grtw
bauer. Georce Kern. Edwin Keough. Leslie
Grosbauer. Palmer Burdell, Merle Faber, John
Potter. Clarence Evans. Emerson Grove. Ar
thur McDonald, Lester Conn. Alfred Bernstein,
Oscar Bernstein, Horace Logan, Bradford Hol
lls. Albert Lyon, John Luttwell. Walter Brasch.
Liberty Madden. Leland Spencer, Chester Pries,
George Miner, Jack Glover, Roy Hlby and Har
old Hlby.
The following were elected officers of
the new organization:
The names of the charter members are:
tobacco In every form and the use of pro
fane language, and the practice of habits
of politeness and Christian courtesy.
Miss Laura Williams presented to each
boy the badge and a certificate of mem
bership, after which the boys returned to
their classes amid the applause of the en
tire school.
PASTOR OF SIMPSON MEMORIAL, CHURCH AND SUPERINTENDENT
OF SUNDAY SCHOOL, WHO HAVE ORGANIZED A "KING'S MES
SENGER SERVICE" AMONG THE BOYS OF THE SCHOOL.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness. Itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MUKINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart: sootbes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
The various delegates to the encamp
ment from interior points got out of the
city on the late trains Saturday night or
went yesterday morning. Early yester
day the contractors who had charge of
the work of decorating Market street em
ployed their men in removing the flags
from the poles that were erected along
the sides of the thoroughfare and to-day
the electricians will begin removing the
lights that added to the brilliancy of the
encampment festivities.
Among the other notable old soldiers
who left for the East yesterday were Cor
poral Tanner, Past Commanders in Chief
General A. C. Weissert of New York,
Louis Wagner and Pension Commissioner
James A. Ware. They were bound for
Southern California.
A» noon the Pennsylvania special, con
veying a large representation of that
State and the battle flags, which formed
an interesting feature of the parade on
Thursday, left the Oakland mole on its
homeward Journey. Attached to the train
was the private car of Past Commander
in Chief Stewart and the former mem
bers of his staff, who accompanied the
Pennsylvania party to the coast.
The Minnesota delegation, with General
Torrence one of the party, left for home
during the forenoon, and about the time
these delegates were starting several
other trains containing delegates from
Boston, from various cities in Illinois and
Iowa and Nebraska were leaving for
Southern California. The majority of the
delegates from these States came west
by way of the Central Pacific and Union
Pacific and had arranged to leave the
State by its ¦ southern gates. They pur
pose to stop in Los Angeles, where they
will be entertained by the hospitable peo
ple there, and will then continue east
ward, a number intending to make a
short stop at the Colorado Canyon.
Commander in Chief John C. Black left
his apartments at the Palace yesterday
and went to Berkeley, where he will be
the guest of his married daughter for
several days, and with her he will then
journey to Southern California for rest
and pleasure.
The bulk of the Grand Army veterans
who enlivened the city with their pres
ence at the encampment last week have
taken their departure and the few that
remain will probably get away to-day or
to-morrow. Every outbound train yester
day carried away hundreds to various
points in the southern part of the State,
and the ferry-boats were crowded with
old soldiers bound eastward by way of
the Central Pacific, or who contemplate
vlsitiny the northwest before returning
to their homes on the other side of the
Rockies.
All the Headquarters Are
Closed and Flags Are
Coming Down.
Thousands of Veterans
Take Departure From
the City.
OLD SOLDIERS
BID FAREWELL
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 24, 1903,
Pledge Themselves to the Practice of Christian
' Courtesy, the Help of the III and Needy and
Other Uplifting and Altruistic Obligations
SUNDAY SCHOOL BOYS ORGANIZE
"KING'S MESSENGER SERVICE"
10
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
St CO
Candy— French mixed 35C
Large assortment — fresh 2 lbs 6^C
good — reg'ly 40c lb *" J
Glace fruit-French 40c
Pine-apple fritters— reg'ly 50c Ib
Bay mm— 8 ounce bottle 30c
fir. Thomas 1 Island— finest
quality— reg'ly 35c
Toilet soap-coigate 50c
Turkish bath — reg'ly 60c dozen
Tooth powder— reg'ly 25c 2OC
Llsterated — antiseptic
Window screens
Adjustable — opens 33 In. 2OC
oak frame — " 37 in.
reg'ly 35c— 3 5c °
Coffee pot— $ 1 25
Marion Harland—M extracts aroma
and strength without bitterness —
reg'ly $ l 55 — 2 quart size
Liquor department
Whisky— OW Crow bourbon $ 1
Hermitage— reg'ly %i 25— f $ gal 4
, Port— California— 40c
Extra— reg'ly 60c bot— $2 gal $1 50
Burgundy— xt. vinajard 65c
Dilute one-third— reg'ly $1 gallon
Beer—Everard— pts $1 35
Canada malt Iaecr — qts 2 IO
brewed in New York — *"
reg'ly $1 SS—$z 35
Amer picon 65c
Restorative tonic and $1 2C
preservative from fever—
reg'ly 7$c—$i 35
432 Pins 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Frano>sco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
f^f^q\ Duplicates *nd Replace* /Jf^N
Jj\ Broken Eye Glass y\}
T <"P Lenses for 50c. (JA
I i Factory on premises. t* I
| "V Pfione Main 10. T I
\^J QU 10^ REPAIRING. WJ
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KE3TORATIVE. INVIOOttA-
tor »nd Nervine.
The moit \vo.-«lerful aDhrodlslac and Special
Tonic for the Cex^J Organs, tor both «*ae».
The Mexican Kemedy for -Diseases 01 tn«
Kldnevs and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NAUKK. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market st.. S. r.— (Send for Circulars^
WRDr-MSLflOnrTw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.NEW .
DRESS
FABRICS
This week we will show an elegant va-
rletu of New Dress Fabrics for Fall wear.
These goods are from the best manufacturers
and we ask the special attention of our cus-
tomers to this displau.
NEW DONEGAL TWEEDS-Fancu Cam-
el's Hair, Zibeline Mixtures, Zibeline Nodds
and striped Tailor Suitings in the latest Fall
colorings, all 54 inches wide-...(M rn
vpLOU ud.
46-INCH ZIBELINE MELANGE-(French
manufacture)suit- $1711 CJOOC
able for tailor suits Cpl 1 / 0 and vP^.^O ud.
FRENCH ZIBELINE PLAIDS— All the new
color effects and <Jm rrj <£n nn
45 inches wide....vl)l,OU and vP^.UU ud.
47-INCH FRENCH ETAMINE VOILES-
In all the new staDle and fancu (M |rn
shades 4>liOU ud.
We have also received new trimmings,
new ribbons, new laces and lace collars.
Our mail order department is most com-
plete, Write for samDles of above goods.
-
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ¦' -
OaJk Poisoning
Sunburn, Mosquito and Insect Bites,
Prickly Heat and Hives quickly cured
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases —
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
last 12 years.
Sold by leading: druggists or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See my signature on every bottle.
Gl.o Prince St., New York
.Send for booklet.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦
Commencing To-Day
"WE WILL GITE TOTT A OOLSES
OFPOXtTUHTTV to bay groceries In
quantities large or small at prices
lower than the lowest we have yet
quoted.
1000 sacks Pure Cane Su*ar. Others give
15 lbs.: we will sell 20 lbs... $1.*M>
3200 .lbs.' Eastern illums, sugar-cured;
worth 20c per lb :15V4«
S30 pall* Falrbank's Eastern Lard, 3-lb.
pay, B5c; 5 lbs., 05c; 10, lbs... .91.2O
Falrbank's Gold Dust, pkg.J '. ..lBc
800 bottles, qts., Salad Dressing.: IBc
64 ks. Cracked Flakey Rice, .6 lbs.'... 25c
2000 sks. best Flour, 50 lbs., >f 1.10: ' 100
lbs :............. $2.11)
4000 squares Creamery , Butter, sq 4Oc
65 cases Store Eggs, ; doz... . ..:...'. .. .H5c
7 % lbs P. Barley, Sago or Tapioca... .25e
0 lb«. Rolled Oats or R. Wheat 2."»c
10 bars Laundry Soap.......; Jtoc
2-gal. pail Fancy Syrup...... ..S5c
80c Teas, lb., 50c; 0 lbs. .. .. .......?1.75
FOR THREE DAYS.
4-lb. can flnejt Mocha and Java Coffee, in
bean or ground, per can, 75c. Regr.
price is $1.40. Just to get you to try it
this price is made. ;
FAMILY LIQUORS.
6-year-old Rye, qt., 50c: gal.. .....fir.OO
6-year-old Bourbon, qt., 50c; gal. ..Xli.OO
Rye or Bourbon, qt., 4Oc; gal K 1.1 to
$4 to $5 grade, qt., O5c; gal ..K2.5O
$0 grade Whiskey, gal 9,'t.OO
Paul Jones, bot., 80c; sal .....f2.75
Silver Crescent, bot., 5Oe; gal......J(2.OO
Queen Cup. bot., 50c; gal ..$».00
Old Tom Gin, bot, ROc; gal *1!.OO
Genovln Oln, bot., 50c: gal........S2.OO
$1.50 Port or Sherry, gal ..T.TBc
$1.00 Claret, bot.. 15e; gal..... .5Oc
Old Port or Sherry, qt SiOc
.1 5c sks. Salt ................lOc
2 1-lb. cans Ground Chocolate .45c
All Canned Creams, 3 for. .......:.. \.'2Rc
800 boxes fancy Potatoes, box. ..KOc
3 cans fancy Maine Corn ...35c
6 cans Baltimore Oysters...... 45c
3-lb cans Peaches or Pears, 3 for. ...U."Ve
138 large boxes Apples, box ....75c
Mall orders filled same day received.
Send . for prlcellst. If you cannot get to
our store telephone South 894 or drop U8
a postal.
1049 Market Street, BeiT; 6th and 7th,;
Opposite Jones or McAllister
, Or,Hlbernla Bank.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
riD**oiQ l umors C/iirccl. ¦¦¦
Al distressing case of Fibroid Tumor,
which baffled the skill of Boston doctors.
Mrs. Hayes, of Boston, Mass., in
the following letter tells how she was
cured, after everything else failed, by
Lydia ££? Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
Mrs. Hayes* First Letter Appealing to Mrs. Pinkham for Help :
"Deae Mns. Ptn-kham: — I have been tinder Boston doctors' treat-
ment for long time without any relief. They tell me I have a fibroid
tumor. anndt sit down without great pain, and the soreness extends
up my s) e. • I "have bearing-down pains both back and front 3Iy ab-
domen is swollen, and I have had flowing spells for three years. My ap-
petite is not good. I cannot walk or be on my feet for any length of time.
"The symptoms of Fibroid Tumor given in your little book ac-
curately describe my case, so I write to you for advice." — (Signed) Mrs.
E. F. Hayes, 202 Dudley St, (Roxbury) Boston, Mass.
Note the result of Mrs. Pinkham's advice— al-
though she advised Mrs. Hayes, of Boston, to take
her medicine — which she knew would help her —
her letter contained a mass of additional instruc-
tions as to treatment, all of which helped to bring
about the happy result.
"Deak Mrs. Pixkiiam: — Sometime ago I wrote to you describ-
ing my symptoms and asked your advice. You replied, and I followed
all your directions carefully, and to-day I am a well woman.
" The use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound entirely
expelled the tumor and strengthened my whole system. I can walk
miles now.
** Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is worth five dol-
lars a drop. I advise all women who are afflicted with tumors or
female trouble of any kind to give it a faithful trial." — (Signed) Mrs.
E. F. Hayes, 252 Dudley St., (Roxbury) Boston, Mass.
Mountains of gold could not purchase such testimony— or take
the place of the health and happiness which Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound brought to Mrs. Hayes.
Such testimony should be accepted by all women as convincing
evidence that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound stands
without a peer as a remedy for all the distressing ills of women ; all
ovarian troubles; tumors; inflammations; ulceration, falling and dis-
placements of the womb; backache; irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation. Surely the volume and character of the testimonial let-
ters we are daily printing in the newspapers can leave no room for doubt
Mrs. Hayes at her above address will gladly answer any letters
which sick women may write for fuller information about her illness.
Her gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham and Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is so genuine and heartfelt that she thinks no trouble is too
great for her to take in return for her health and happiness.
Truly is it said that it is Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound that is curing so many women, and no other medicine ; don't for-
get this when some druggist wants to sell you something else.
0 C H fl H PO R F E J T ** cannot forthwith produce the original letters and signature* ot
%JU I] li Li - boTe testimonials, which will prora their absolute genuineness.
w w v w >*» Lydia E. Plnkbam Medicine Co.. Lynn. Maaa,
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
&CO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Kleeno washing powder
Special offer— 4 i-lb pkgS 25c
regMy 3 for 25c <> pkgS 5OC
—20c package ° ° r & j
This soap powder is unequaled —
prefered by many to Pearline —
quick cleansing properties — a
big help «nd saving to house-
keepers
•pecla
Chutney-Bombay pint 30c
Genuine^ — Rastamjee — quart 50c
Bhickajee — made of Indian
condiments — reg'ly 40c — 60c
Bird pd.te'— Franco-American 2OC
Sandwich paste— reg'ly 25c
Kona coffee-reg'iy 25c ib 20c
It's stronger than other coffees
Tea — Mandarin Nectar 45c
Very fragrant— pleasing taste —
reg'ly 60c Ib
Green split peas 15c
St. Vincent— 2 Ib carton— regMy 20c—
boil with ham knuckle for
unsurpassed bean soup or puree'
Lucca olive oil 50c
Sublime— reg'ly 6oc— full quart
Maple syrup-#o*«» 65c
Nothing but maple sap—
reg'ly 75c 4 gallon
Buckwheat * 6oc
Pennsylvania— regMy 75c— 10 Ib sack
Cheese— New York 2OC
Martin's full cream— regMy 25C lb
Salmon— i lb can IOC
Extra choice — reg'ly i2$c
Salad dressihg-regMy3ocbot 25c
Sierra Madre— piquant mayonnaise
OHveS— Manzanilla 25c
Mammoth — rich— oily — regMy 30c qt
For Sores, Burns, Scalds, /
Uleer», Rtnpworm, Tetter, >L //^ 1 1&
ErysipelM, Scald Head, S // a B
Itch.lMmnlw. Iilotcl-.es, Jl I h
Inflamed Eyelids. I tcb- >sx E
Ing Piles, and all Skin jr\ X. iX/ I E
Eruptions— naa j[ \ y*< I p
HEISKELL'S 9
Ointment I
They all yield to its magical tnflw-nr*. Batha ¦
the affected part, nsinj» Untktll't Soap, night G
and morning, apply H eUkeU's Ointment, and B
earefoJlowstnafewdaj*. AtalldrnraUtsMS I
Send for free bock of testimonials fc * l " I0W - ¦
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A CO 1
SSI Commeree St., Philadelphia. H
CUTLERY
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
TEE STO2E O7 QUALITY.
Monday, Tuesday and . "Wednesday.
Butter, Fine Creamery 45c
2 for 85e
S. LRice. ...... 16 lbs, $1.00
Hams, fine Eastern. . .lb. I6j4c
Blackberry Jam. . per glass 20c
Home-made Bceflless.
Lemons per doz. I5c
Silver Prunes 4 lbs. 25c
Castile Soap per bar 25c
Imported Frt-nch.
Lentils, California 5 lbs. 25c
Pineapple, large tins, per tin 25c
Fine quality (cubed).
Whiskey, 0. K. .... per bot. 75c
Pure. Kfllabl*. Gal. $3.00
Reg. fl and fi.
Cherries in Creme de Henthe, pts. 50c
Something new. Dellciou*. %pta. 25c
Tel. Main 518.
Auirust Catalogue Free.
Goo<!e delivered to all parts of the city
and country.