JOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 4. — Serious news has been received here from the frontier of fighting between Turkish' and Bulgarian troops at Demir-Kapia, both sides sustaining losses. In official quarters all knowledge of the affair is de
nied, but the circumstantial details given seem to indicate tltat there is some foundation for the account* of the conflict. ; ,.';
According to one report the Turks attacked the Bulgarian frontier post. Another version says the Turks pursued a number of refugees across tJie frontier. . It is asserted that the Turks have frequently attempted to provoke
PARIS. Oct. 4.— According to the cor
respondent of the Gaulols some disturb
ances occurred at L'Orient, a fortified
seaport In Brittany, where. a band of anti-
Clericals . broke through a cordon of
troops and attempted to set fire to the
Church of St. Louis, but were charged by
cavalry, who- arrested fifteen of them.
Another mob assembled near the churcb
at 10 o'clock last night and threw stones
at the troops, who were again compelled
to chars*. • J^
Cavalry Charges Anti-Clericals.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— The candidature of
John Howard Parnell, brother of the late
Charles Stewart Parnell, at the Parlia
mentary, election of South Meath, which
is deeply resented by . the Redmond! tes,
led to a riot yesterday when John Red
mond and other Nationalists went to
speak in support of their candidate, Da
vis : Sheehy. The rival factions came ; to
blows at Dunshaughlin. . Bludgeons and
stones were used and many persons were
injured.*' \ John Redmond : In-his : speech
denounced J. '¦ II. ParneU ¦ as a traitor to
BLUDGEONS AND STONES
USED BY IRISH FACTIONS
DETROIT. Oct. 4.— A dispatch was re
ceived here late to-night from the cap
tain of the steamer Samoa, at Sheboygan.
Mich., stating that the schooner H. W.
Stage, which was in tow of the Samoa,
foundered in a gale on Lake Michigan
yesterday. No details were given, the
message simply stating that the crew of
the schooner was safe on board the Sa
moa. The Stage was the property of John
K. Elderhouse of Buffalo and was loaded
with, ore, bound from Escanaba, Mich., to
Lake' Erie ports.
Lake Schooner Founders.
«» -. IENNA, Oct. 4.— As an outcome
JT J of the conference between the
m , M Czar and Emperor Francis Jo-
seph at Muerzsteg, the . Gpvern-
ments of Austria and Russia have
sent Identical telegrams to the Embassa
dors of those countries in Constantinople:
The telegrams were couched in the fol
lowing terms: . .,
"You were recently instructed to de
clare that Austria-Hungary and Russia
adhere to the task of pa'clflcatlon which
they have undertaken and are resolved
to persevere with the programme drawn
up *at the* beginning of the year, not
withstanding the difficulties hitherto op
posed to its execution. For, indeed, while
on the one hand the revolutionary com
mittees have .provoked disturbances and
deterred the. Christian population of the
three vilayets from co-operating in the
execution of the reforms, on the other
hand the agents of the sublime Porte,
entrusted with their application, have
been generally lacking In the necessary
zeal and have not been imbued with the
Idea which Inspired these measures.
"Both powers are united in the de
termination to show that It is their firm
resolve to insist upon the execution in
their entirety of those reforms which were
accepted by the Porte and which are
calculated to guarantee general security.'
In this connection , you .will I receive de
tailed instructions without delay.
"While the powers recognize to the full
extent the Porte's right and duty to sup
press the disorders fostered by the insur
rectionary agitation ' of Macedonian com
mittee they at the same time deplore the
fact that this , suppression was accom
panied . by excesses and cruelties from
which the peaceful inhabitants suffered.
It, therefore, appears to them to be their
urgent duty to come to the assistance
of the victims of these regrettable oc
currences, and the" above mentioned in
structions will acquaint you with the
details of the humanitarian action which
they deem, necessary with the object of
supporting the Inhabitants ,who have been
deprived of /all means of existence, facil
itating their repatriation and restoring
the villages, churches* and schools de
stroyed bv fire. < ..
•The Austro - Hungary , and Russian
Governments entertain the firm hope that
their continued endeavors to establish a
lasting, peace in .the sorely, tried provinces
will attain", their object and 'are convinced
that . the Impartial advice -will ba heeded
BUTTE. Mont, Oct. 4.-A special to the
Miner from ' Livingston says: General
William P. Carlln, an aged army. officer
and prominent in military circles, died on
the eastbound Northern Pacific train this
morning while' coming over the mountain
just west of Livingston. General Carlln
was en route to Omaha on a visit with
friends and had taken the train at Spo
kane. When he retired last night he was
in his usual good health, but became ill
this morning and died twelve miles west
of i this city. 'The remains were taken
from the train and removed to the under
taker's rooms, where they are now being
prepared for shipment to his relatives in
Omaha.
General Carlln was about 75 years of
age and served with distinction through
out the Civil War. He was a brevet ma
jor general in the volunteer army and
stood high as an officer.
After the war he was lieutenant colonel
of the Seventeenth Infantry and was sta
tioned at several Missouri River military
posts. He graduated from West Point in
1S46 and was retired in 1S93.
Aged Army Officer Answers Last Call
While En Route to Omaha to
Visit Friends.
GENERAL CARLIN DIES
, ON. AN EASTBOUND TRAIN
SETBACK FOR INSURGENTS.
Meet Defeat in a Decisive Fight in
the Struma Valley.
LONDON. Oct. 5.— The reports of the
conflict at Demir-Kapia between Turkish
and Bulgarian troops have not yet been
confirmed, but the news is confirmed that
the Insurgents have received a severe
check as a result of their operations in
the Struma Valley, where, after a deci
sive fight in the open with the Turks, the
Insurgent chief. General Zontcheff, was
compelled to Bend urgent messages for
reinforcements.
/ Statements Issued from the Turkish em
bassy in London and dispatches from
Constantinople demonstrate that the Ot
toman Government is greatly incensed at
the number of Bulgarian officers who are
leading Insurgent bands across the fron
tier from Bulgaria. Several such of
ficers in uniform are said to have been
killed in recent encounters. The direct
negotiations between Turkey and ¦ Bul
garia are making no progress.
The Sofia correspondent of the Times
hears that Austria-Hungary will demand
the institution of a system- of foreign
control to Insure the realization of the
Macedonian reforms. Russia and Aus
tria yesterday addressed fresh represent
ations to Premier Petroff, urging him to
assist in repressing the revolutionists.
FRANCE WILL ASSIST
SULTAN'S GOVERNMENT
Powers Agree to Leave to Her the
Solution of the Existing Moor
ish Crisis.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— The Tangier corre
spondent of the Times says the Sultan
of Morocco has given a second Installment
of J50.0M to the American syndicate which
is undertaking the Moorish exhibit at the
St. Louis Exposition. The correspondent
adds:
"This action on the part of the Sultan
creates much criticism here, as the Moor
ish Government, pleading the existing
crisis, has refused to consider or pay the
claims of the Europeans who have suf
fered loss of property through tho re
bellion.
"I learn that the powers have agreed
to leave the solution of the existing crisis
to France, who will give necessary as
sistance to the Sultan's Government when
their resources shall be finished. There
is no question of a French protectorate,
but France will naturally acquire a pre
ponderating influence in Moorish politics."
TWO THOUSAND SLAIN.
SALONICA, European Turkey, Oct. 4.—
The Bulgarian notables here went to the
Governor's palace to-day and informed
the authorities that a series of fresh out
rages In Salonica Is being planned. All of
the guards consequently have been dou
bled.
It is reported that twenty Turkish vil
lages In the Razlog district have been
burned. The large village of Bonisko Is
said to have been destroyed and its 2000
Turkish inhabitants killed.
FORMER ACTRESS OF NOTE
DIES IN INSANE HOSPITAL
Teresa Vaughn Passes Away in a
"Worcester Institution From
Peculiar Form of Paresis.
WORCESTER. Mass., Oct. 4.— Teresa
Vaughn, aged S6, a former well known
actress, died at Worcester Insane Hospi
tal to-day, where she had been a patient
for the past two and a half years. The
cause of death is said to have been pare
sis, but cf a most peculiar form, the case
being different in many respects from any
treated at the Worcester Institution.
Miss Vaughn was a member of the fam-
Hs cf Otts. three of whom— Phil. Bob and
Minnie— are now en the stage playing
with a farce comedy company in Newark,
N. J. Matt is another brother, as was
Joe Ott, who died two years ago. Miss
Vaughn was twice married. Her second
husband was William A. Haupt, known
on the stage as Mestayer. Her last pro
'fesslonal engagement was in "Excelsior,
"Jr.." Jn which she was featured with Fay
Tercpleton in New York.
Servia's New Cabinet Announced.
BELGRADE, Servla, Oct. 4.— A new
Cabinet has been formed with the follow
ing as its leading members: Premier,
General Grulcs; Foreign Minister, Andra
Nikolacs; Interior * Minister,* Stojan Pro
tics, and War Minister, Colonel AndreJ
viecs.
Log Line Saves His Life.
HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— The bark Amy
Turner has arrived at Hilo from San
Francisco with a remarkable story of the
escape of her carpenter from drowning.
The carpenter fell overboard astern, and
was left far behind. Though unable to
swim, he caught hold of the log line and
took a turn round his wrist with it. He
was finally picked up unconscious, but
hanging on to the line with a death grip,
which there was some difficulty in open-
Ing. He was revived.
Wins Suit Against Convent
LONDON. Oct. 4.-Miss Mary Archer,
formerly of Milwaukee, who sued the. Sa
cred Heart Convent for damages for' dis
missal from the order and incarceration
Jn an Insane asylum and also for remun
eration for seventeen years' services, has
been awarded JSOOO damages, $3000 for
•wages and $5000 for wrongful dismissal
after her liberation from the asylum. The
verdict of the jury was cheered in court.
China Denies France's Bequest.
LONDON. Oct. 4.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent at Shanghai telegraphs
that the Chinese Government has refused
France permission to station French
troops on the Minklang to protect ¦ An
nam against the rebels In the adjacent
Chinese province of Kwangsi.; •
First Train to Capital of Ashanti.
LONDON. Oct. 4.— The Governor of the
British Gold Coast announces the arrival
October 1 of the first railway train at
Kumassi, capital of Ashanti and 101 miles
northwest of Cape Coast Castle, '
Noted Jurist of Pennsylvania Dies.
MONTROSE. Pa.. Oct. 4.— Chief Justice
J. Brewster McCulIom of the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania died at his home
here last ni^ht, aged 71 years.
"By command of his Majesty, my au
gust master, I request you to communi
cate the foregoing to the Ottoman Gov
ernment, if you have arrived at an un
derstanding with your Russian (or Aus
trian) colleague, who has received iden
tical instructions."
by all to whom It Is addressed in their
own Interests.
Russia and Jfustria Send Their Final
. » ¦ ..- -¦ ¦"¦-.'¦'
Warning to Jlbdul Hatnid.
RULERS OF TWO COUNTRIES WHICH ARE ON THE VERGE OF WAR.
AND RUINS OF A TOWN WHICH RECENTLY WAS THE SCENE OF
MASSACRE AND PILLAGE.
The Bulgarian quarter of Belltza is in
flames. Seven hundred refugees from Be
lltza are reported to have been killed
near Samakoff, province of Kirk-Kilissa.
Measures are being taken here to re
lieve the worst cases of suffering among
the fugitives. Madame Bahmeteff, wife
of the Russian agent here, is taking a
prominent part In this charitable work.
From Insurgent sources it is reported
that the Bulgarian villages of Obidltt and
Kermen have been pillaged and burned.
Many of the inhabitants were slaugh
tered.
Dispatches from the frontier received at
the revolutionary headquarters report
that the refugees In the mountains are in
a terrible condition through their pursuit
by the Turks and from cold and hunger.
Many are dying.
Prince Ferdinand has sanc
tioned numerous other measures of
a warlike nature. All of the cav
alry with the exception of a sin
gle regiment, which is stationed at
Sofia, has been sent into the frontier dis
tricts, where are strong forces of artil
lery. Vigorous efforts are being made to
prevent bands crossing into Turkish ter
ritory. Two bands which were sent back
have reached Sofia since yesterday.
_^ OFIA, Oct. 4.— The War Office here
H^ is working at high pressure, and
» 24.000 recruits will be called three
h*J? months before the usual time.
War Preparations
Hurried by Prince
Ferdinand.
CAPTAIN DIES AT HIS POST.
"As the boat sank it was clear that
there was only one chance for any one
being saved, and that was by dinging to
the wreckage. I gave orders for the men
to put the women upon It first. They did
so, and behaved well, every man remain
ing on the sinking boat until the women
had been placed on pieces of the cabin
and other wreckage.
"There was then a wild scramble on the
part of each man to get such planking as
he could secure and cling to. Every man
found something to float on except the
captain, who remained in the pilot-house
to the last, doing his best to right the
boat, and he finally went down with her.
"We floated on different pieces, and for
a few minutes we were in sight of each
other, but soon darkness came on and we
separated. The last person that I saw,
except those with me, were the two Vin
cent girls, from Egg Harbor, who were
floating together. They seemed to have
recovered entirely from their first fright
and were making a brave struggle for
their lives— a struggle which It now seems
was in vain.
"Those of us who were fortunate
enough to escape clung to the wreckage
all night, bitten by the cold wind and be
numbed by the colder water, and the sur
prise Is that we did not all die of ex
posure. "We drifted, I know not where,
until picked up by the Sheboygan."
"Everyone on board gathered on the
deck, most of them In a state of frantic
panic. The situation was made particu
larly heartrending by the women, who
shouted hysterically, imploring the men
to save them, and accompanied their ap
peals for assistance with prayers.
Dowie says he will not be satisfied after
this with converting large cities like New
York, but will go after whole States at a
time until he has converted to Dowieism
all of the- States. He did not say which
State he would go after first.
The "Elijah" felt Jubilant to-day and
announced that yesterday he had received
a letter saying that "If his New York
crusade goes well, a certain individual
would give him $300,000." Dowie said this
man was a" prominent citizen of Chicago,
and the announcement of his name would
cause great surprise.
T"M"K"I i: I I I II II I-KH-I-H- +
would be a question of only a few mo
ments.
WAUKEGAN, 111.. Oct. 4.-Joha Alexan
der Dowie expects that as a result of his
Invasion of New York next week J30.000.0CO
will pour Into Zion's exchequer. So posi
tive is he that this will occur that to-day
he announced to his people at Zlon City
that as soon as the crusade were over he
would begin plans for the establishment
of two more Zion cities. One will be on
the Pacific Coast, probably in California,
the other on the Atlantic He says that
he has practically decided upon the West
ern location, but is looking about for a
desirable site for the Eastern. The cities
will be patterned after the Illinois Zlon,
which, Dowie says, is the only, city ever
known. These new cities will be in exist
ence within five years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Then suddenly she listed and began to
fill with water. Realizing that the pas
sengers and crew were becoming panic
stricken, I left the. captain In the pilot
house and. ran aft to let down the life
boat By the time I got aft the Hackley
was filling so rapidly that It was appar
ent it would be impossible to launch any
boat. There came another blast, and the
upper works went by the board. The
steamer began to sink rapidly, and it was
Anoarent that ber settling to the bottom
"The squall struck ; us about 6 o'clock,
when we were just north of Green Island.
It came suddenly and with terrific fury.
I was in the pilot-house with the captain,
who had just said that the elements look
ed threatening and that he would try to
run , to port. "When the first fierce gust
hit us the captain tried to throw the boat
up Into the water, and his efforts to 'do
so were unavailing. Then I joined him at
the wheel, but our combined efforts were
not sufficient to make her answer the
helm.
Purser Blakefleld, one of the survivors
of the Hackley. gave a vivid description
of the wreck. He said:
ACCOUNT BY A SUBVIVOR.
Search is still being made for any per
son who may have escaped death and for
the bodies of those who were drowned.
The peVsons saved by the Sheboygan
say that with the washing away of the
upper work all persons aboard the Hack
ley ran to the deck. Hasty preparations
for a plunge into the water were begun,
but before any plans could be carried out
the boat listed, turned over and went
down like a rock.
The Sheboygan made into Fish Creek
when hope of rescuing other persons was
gone. The rescued were so exhausted
from their struggle against drowning that
they were unable for some time to tell
anything about the wreck.
The waves were rolling high, and sev
eral of those who at first saved them
selves from immediate death lost strength
and sank. It was several hours, after the
Hackley went down before the Sheboygan
hove within hailing distance. The shouts
of the floating men attracted the atten
tion of the sailors on the Sheboygan, and
every assistance was lent.
The darkness made rescue slow, but the
officers of the Sheboygan feel sure that
they took aboard every person afloat.
Some of those who were rescued say that
It is possible that one or more of the
twelve persons missing may have escaped
death. This view Is not given much cre
dence by the sailors of the Sheboygan.
SURVIVORS ABE EXHAUSTED.
As the Hackley went to the bottom
those who would and could seized floating
pieces of wreckage, while the women and
three or four of the men, failing to find
any object to which to cling, sank into
the sea.
SEIZE FLOATING WRECKAGE.
The saved: Frank Blakefleld, purser of
the boat; Orin Rowen, engineer; Martin
Hansen and a man named Roggendorf,
firemen; Martin Olsen and son, passen
gers, of Sister Bay; Blaln McSweeney.
Two others were saved whose names
could not be learned.
The Hackley was struck by the squall
when seven miles oft Green Island. The
upper work was blown away before the
men could reach a haven. The boat then
turned over and went down, in deep
water. The drowned:
JOSEPH VOROUS, captain of the
Hackley.
JOHN TRUCHLY. cook of the Hackley.
FREEMAN THORP. Fish Creek.
EDNA BARRINGER. Fish CTeek.
LAWRENCJE BARRINGER, brother of
Edna Barringer. Fish Creek.
FRANCES VINCENT, Egg Harbor.
EMMA VINCENT, Egg Harbor.
GEORGE LE CLAIR JR., Jacksonport,
Wis.
N. FITZSIMMONS, Jacksonport.
HENRY RABBITOR. Fish Creek.
CARL KELKY. Fish Creek.
NELS NELSON. Sturgeon Bay.
MARINETTE, Mich., Oct. 4.— During a
squall last night on Lake Michigan the
steamer Erie L. Hackley capsized and
twelve persons were drowned. The Good
rich line steamer Sheboygan rescued nine
survivors after they had floated about
on pieces of wreckage all night. The re
port of the disaster reached Marinette
to-day.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
. O? the SiS "outside" men, 200 were re
turned summarily to their cells for soli
tary confinement. Gentry was put on
tread and water in a dark cell and twen
ty of the other men In the conspiracy had
their cells "chalked," which means that
all privileges are to be denied them and
that they are to have no work, which is
by far the most severe penalty that can
£e imposed upon a convict.
Every convict in prison was stripped
immediately after the discovery of the
plot. Everything was removed from the
700 cells and carried to the prison office,
where schedules were made of the prop
erty found. The list includes files, saws,
tempered wire, chisels, hooks, hatchets,
hammers, table knives fashioned Into
dirks, sandbags, Elungshots and knuckles
fashioned out of lead pipe, whisky.
money, counterfeit coins and iron bars.
The locks upon the cell doors were found
to be defective and It was discovered that
the prison telephone system was arranged
so that the twenty-two year man as
signed to the job could dismantle the en
tire plant with a twist^of the wrist.
climax. '
By degrees a total cf SIS convicts out
of a total of 1100 obtained "outside" jobs
work in the yard or in places other than
their cells. Five of these men obtained
stations In the Warden's private quarters,
where or.ly one man stood between them
and liberty. As many more found employ
ment close to the single guard at the cen
ter gate, end others in the plot got berths
clcie to the real center of the prison,
¦where or-ly one man was always on guard.
With these preliminaries arranged there
was r.ever a time when, at a given signal,
the S*S free men "outside" could not have
overpowered the thirty-six guards on
duty and been well away before help
c<juld have been summoned.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 4.— It has just
come to Bgbt that a general jail delivery
planned ty James Gentry, the actor, who
murdered Madge Yorke, the actress, was
the direct cause of the dismissal of War
den Daniel TV. Bussir.ger. who for twen
ty-eeven years has been executive officer
of the eastern penitentiary. The Institu
tion has* been undergoing a searching in
vestigation for some weeks, and inspec
tors have found, among other things, a
complete- counterfeiting plant in opera
tion .in block eight of the penitentiary, a
miniature whisky still in block elx and a
shortage of more than €0,000 cigars, most
ly stolen by revenue officers, in the cigar
factory. Gross frauds and Irregularities
xvere found in every department of the
prison. The plot to empty the institution
of it* HOO desperate criminals capped the
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Albert Stelner, a former employe of the
American Bridge Company here, has just
been sentenced to ten years* Imprison
ment In the Massachusetts penitentiary
at Charlestown. For more than a year
past up to August 22 of this. y ear .Steiner.
was employed at the American Bridge
"Works In this city. On the latter date
he drew ?2S 50 on account and went away
for a few days' trip. The next heard of
him was a letter to Henry Klein, the
company's paymaster, saying he had been
arrested on August 23 on a charge of
highway robbery alleged to have been
committed on August IS, on which day
Steiner, according to the company's rec
ords here, was working In Trenton. Steln
er requested an affidavit from Klein set
ting forth this fact. The affidavit #as
sent, but Steiner writes back that before
the affidavit reached him the ten-year
sentence was Imposed, despite his plea
for delay. Steiner alleges also that the sen
tence was made heavy because of other
offenses which he was alleged to have
committed.
Little is known of Steiner here outside
of his employment with the company and
the fact that he had served a term In the
New Jersey State prison. Steiner alleged
that his previous servitude was due to a
case of mistaken identity, and said that
because of his resemblance to some un
known criminal detectives were frequent
ly on his trail. He has been an exemplary
workman, and in view of the fact that
he has now been convicted of a crime
that was committed in another State
while he was at his post of duty here, the
American Bridge Company officials give
his statements full credence. An effort
will be made to have him pardoned.
Steiner Is 60 years old and of frail
build, and the bridge company officials do
not believe him capable of having com
mitted highway robbery. It is not known
here where the Massachusetts crime is
alleged to have been committed. %'
TRENTON. N. J.. Oct. 4.— Through an
Investigation ordered by officials of the
American Bridge Company a remarkable
case of mistaken Identity, because of
which an innocent man has served one
term in the penitentiary and has just been
sentenced to another term of ten years,
has been brought to light. The case ex
cites the more Interest from the fact that
the real culprit has been following a
criminal career for many years, always
escaping punishment because an innocent
man resembling him has suffered in his
stead.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Served One Term in Prison
and Is Now Beginning
Another.
His Illinois Municipality
Will Be Duplicated on
This Coast.
Timely Discovery Results
in the Ousting of the
Warden.
Survivors Are Rescued Aft
er Clinging to Wreck
age All Night. .
Twelve Persons Lost
x With the Erie L.
Hackley.
Plans the Liberation of
Eleven Hundred
Convicts.
Expects Big Returns
From New York
Crusade.
Resembles Some Crim
inal Active in
the East.
James Gentry Too
Active While
in Prison.
'•Elijah" Dowie to
* Invade This
• State.
Steamship Sinks
in Michigan's
Waters.
Innocent Man Is
Hounded by
the Law.
EX-ACTOR
PLOTS JAIL
DELIVERY
CALIFORNIA
IS TO HAVE
A ZION CITY
GALE SENDS
LAKE CRAFT
TO BOTTOM
IMPRISONED
FOR CRIES
OF ANOTHER
The San Francisco Call.
SAN 1RANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 127.
BULGARIAN REGULARS MEET TURKS IN BATTLE ON FRONTIER;
SOFIA ACCUSES SULTAN'S SOLDIERS OF PROVOKING HOSTILITIESThere was also introduced a resolution
demanding the immediate restoration of
Dr. Canac-Marquis to the position of
chief surgeon of the hospital, but this
was finally remodeled to the form of - a
recommendation. It being explained that
the appointment of surgeons and/ other
employes of the hospital rested entirely
with the administrative committee.
• As the hour was getting late . and the
majority of those present had apparently
severely exercised their lungs and'ex
hausted their vocabulary, the motion was
made that a new committee of investiga
tion be appointed to further : probe : into*
the affairs of the hospital and the follow
ing gentlemen were named for this duty:
A. Gonstiaux, J. B. Pale, J. M. Dupas, J.
Labarthe, A. . Pradels, I. Cuenln and B.'
Casson. The meeting adjourned to i meet
on the call of the chairman of the .new
committee.
While this proposition was being fierce
ly debated the editor of the paper claimed
the floor and explained to his excited
hearers that such a proposition., might
prove unsuccessful, inasmuch as the
paper is controlled by the very men whom
those* present were condemning and they
would no doubt blue pencil any unfavora
ble reference to their management of the
hospital that was submitted. to the edi
tor.
NEW - COMMITTEE. CHOSEN.
Services were held during the morning.
On account of the absence of many chap
lains from their command, due to illness
and other causes, the soldiers from two
or three regiments participated In each
service. The Michigan brigade attended
a military mass conducted by Father Kel
ly. The mass was sung in a huge tent,
provided by the Michigan branches of the
Knights of Columbus.
During the afternoon, the camp was in
spected by thousands of sightseers from
Louisville and the surrounding country.
The regimental bands gav.e concerts in
the open air.
Governor. Durbin of Indiana slept with
his State's militia, which bivouacked to
nfght six miles from camp on the Nash
ville pike. • 'L-'ctri
fected the members in the hall slowly be
gan to settle down to quietude.
ADMINISTRATION ATTACKED.
Peace, however, reigned for only a few
minutes, for the new presiding officer had
barely finished his address to the assem
blage before a dozen .speakers were on
their feet making all kinds of motions,
most of which were in the nature _>f a
demand for a prolongation of the investi
gation of the affairs of the French hos
pital and the condemnation of the entire
administrative powers of the institution.
Every time an attempt was made to
modify these attacks on the absent ad
ministrative committee, the speaker was
interrupted by .vociferous.yell3< of disap
proval, which made it • plainly apparent
that what . is commonly known in the
French society as the Chartrey-Bosquet
clique was absolutely in control of the
meeting. Eventually a resolution was
adopted by a standing vote, emphasized
with much noise, expressing a lack of
confidence in the,' hospital administration
and this was followed by another resolu
tion that the sense of the meeting be pub
lished in full In the local French news
paper.
CAMP YOUNG, West Point, Ky., Oct.
4.— Ten thousand weary soldiers at Camp
Young for the maneuvers found Sunday
a welcome day of rest after a week ; of
hard marching over the Kentucky hills.
There was no work of any kind save per
haps that done by Colonel Wagner, the
chief umpire, and his assistants, busy
with the problem for to-morrow's
maneuver.
SOLDIERS AT CAMP YOUNG
WELCOME THE DAY OF REST
Week of Marching Over the Ken
tucky Hills Makes Them
Weary and Footsore.
The low prices attracted numerous small
investors, and buying orders from the con
tinent, especially on foreign bonds, helped
to suBtain the market, but confidence Is
not likely to return whilst the consols re
main at such a low figure. The news that
E. H. Harriman.has joined the board of
Erie Railroad brought steadiness to the
American list, which mainly followed the
movements of Wall street.
LONDON, Oct. 4. — The stock market
closed steadier yesterday, after one of tho
most disturbed weeks experienced since
the Baring crisis, and all the departments
showed a shade of improvement on the
prices of the previous Saturday. Little
confidence, however, is yet felt in the sta
bility of the market. The settlement pass
ed without trouble, but -it is known that
four meetings of creditors were held
Tuesday, and operators remained sensi
tive. :
Low Prices Attract Small Investors
and Buying Orders Help to Re
store Confidence.
LONDON STOCK MAKKBT
IS BECOMING STEADIES
"The three men who were washed over
board were never seen afterwards. They
disappeared In the sea that broke over us,
and it is a wonder that all of us were not
carried away. We must have been going
twelve knots an hour, and with the wind
and sea we could neither hear nor see a
thing of the others.
"At daylight we began pouring oil on
the water, and that seemed to do somo
good. We used about four barrels of oil,
and though the sea was so heavy as to be
continually breaking over us, the oil seem
ed to helD a good deal.
"The gale drove us right down the coast,
and we were almost abreast of San Diego
before getting out of the storm. Then we
were so crippled that things looked pretty
bad. About two days afterwards I got up
steam and sent up new sails to take .the
place of the ones carried away. A main
sail,-fore mlzzen topgallant sail, maintop
staysail were carried away, starting the
cap on the fore topmast. The gale bent
the supporters and outriggers and carried
away the bolts, and also the main gallant
stay. A boat which was lashed on the
top of the main hatch was smashed to
pieces, the hatch bars broken and the tar
paulin washed away. The water was on
the deck only, and very little got below."
HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— The ship Marian
Chllcott, whlcji arrived here September 24,
after having lost three men overboard in
a gale off the coast qf California on the
morning of September 11, Is rather badly
battered. Captain Williams tells the story
of the troubles of the Chilcott as follows:
"We left San Francisco on September 10
at 10 o'clock at night, and before we had
hardly gotten past the lighthouse we ran
right into a gale. We had laid around the
lightship from 10 In the night until 2
o'clock the next morning. There wasn't a
breath of wind, when suddenly we ran
Into the gale. It was a" clear night, al
though not moonlight. -A heavy sea was
running and we were shipping water right
along on the decks. I kept the ship before
the wind and we ran dead before the gale.
"We were hauling on the braces, and I
was at work with the men when I saw the
sea coming. I yelled 'Look out!' but none
of us was prepared for the sea that swept
over us. We were hauling on the port
forebrace, and three of my men were
washed overboard and lost. Two men
and the mate were also washed overboard,
but they hung onto the braces, while I
kept hold of the sheets. One of the men
must have been .hanging on over the side
fully four or five minutes before he was
rescued. The man at the wheel said he
thought that there must have been two
heavy seas breaking over us in quick suc
cession. The sea began to break just ft
the fore mlzzen rigging and then swept
all over us.
Stecial Correspondence- of Th« Call.
Men on all sides were clamoring for
recognition, but failed to get it for no or
ganization existed. This fact was finally
forced upon the main body in the hall
and their leaders began to exert their in
fluence to quiet their followers. It was a
difficult task, but eventually was accom
plished and D. Rass nominated for, the
chair, which he quickly took and 'pro
ceeded to ring a bell for order. Then Al
bers Bosquet, former superintendent of
the hospital, who was recently accused of
indiscriminately kissing nurses of the In
stitution and. who was among the first to
pain the platform and direct matters in
the Interest of the. opposition, which had
called the meeting, was chosen temporary
eecretary and with these formalities ef-
. Hissing, hooting, yelling, cheering, the
stamping of feet and the crashing of
chairs, as the men clambered to their feet,
combined to create a din that could be
heard for & block around Native Sons'
Hall, and It lasted for several minutes,
until several leaden of the opposition suc
ceeded In crowding through the uproar
bus mass of humanity and gained the
stage, where they yelled for attention.
When It was finally given them they loud
ly protested against the doture that had
been enforced by the retiring chairman.
WILD TURMOIL FOLLOWS.
In exactly seven minutes after Bergerot
had taken his seat in the assembly on the
floor the hall was in the midst of a. wild
1-trmoiL Vice President Bozio wasted no
time in presenting briefly to the meeting
the purpose of Its call, and then proceeded
*o read the report of the administrative
committee upon the recent changes that
had taken place at the French Hospital.
Jt was explained that the removal of Dr.
Canac-M&rquis had been made in the best
Interests of the French society, and in
Response to another question regarding
the raising of salaries of employes of the
Jiospital, which has also been - agitating
certain members. It was stated that this
matter would be fully explained in the
next annual report of the committee.
Without the slightest warning that the
report was concluded, the speaker sud
denly lifted his eyes from the paper, and
glancing quietly at his auditors remarked:
. "Messieurs, there being nothing further
before this meeting, it stands adjourned."
and before the crowd of excited French
men In the body of the hall fully appre
ciated tho situation the members of the
fcommlttee had left the rostrum and were
filing ont of the building. Just as Vice
President Bozio and his fellow committee
men reached the main exit there was a
terrific roar of voices.
The noisy hum that resounded through
out the hal> plainly suggested to those on
the stage that harmony would not long
assert itself in that assemblage, and that
they were not amiss in their calculations
was shortly demonstrated. President
Bayle, in calling the meeting to order,
asked to be excused from presiding on the
ground that he was suffering from a
throat affliction, and he gracefully gave
way to Vice President Bozio.
As a prelude to the disturbing scenes,
Alexandra Bergerot mounted the rostrum
Sot the purpose of delivering a eulogy i of
n departed member, and he took occasion
during his eloquent remarks to refer to
the peaceful gathering, which brought a
*mile to the faces of many of those pres
ent who were within the range of the
epeaker's voice.
BOZIO'S TACTFUL MOVE.
Then the trouble began. A large faction
of the society, which was kindly disposed
toward the deposed surgeon, accepted a
prerogative granted it under the by
laws of the society and Immediately de
manded an explanation from the commit
tee of administration. This demand was
signed by more than seven hundred mem
bers of the organization, the majority of
whom crowded the hall yesterday when
the meeting was called to order to listen
to the report of the administrative com
mittee. Seated on the platform with Pres
ident Bayle were the members of the com
mittee, with four exceptions, the absentees
being Messager, Theile, Bellegard and
Rancovieri.
MINORITY TO THE FOEE.
Some weeks ago friction, which had ex
isted for months at the hospital between
Chief Surgeon Canac-Marquis and the
matron of the institution, Miss Keelee,
ended In counter-charges being made by
each of tho parties mentioned, and finally
the trouble vu carried to the administra
tive committee, which is composed of
Messrs. Bayle, Bozlo, Bergerot, Lacoste,
Messager. Thlele, Caraes, Ponchan, Ron
oovieTi, Lacaze, Pon, Gardet, Bellegard,
Godeau and Gless. This committee after
careful deliberation over the matters ar
rived at the conclusion, by a vote of 11 to
2. that the resignation of Dr. Canac-Mar-
MUis would b« to the best interests of the
institution, and so notified that gentleman
by telephone.
But the doctor had already formed his
own views in the matter and responded
over the wire that if the committee stood
31 to 2 against him he could see no reason
why his resignation should be requested,
for it was apparent to him that if the
committee wanted to make a vacancy all
It had to do was to declare one, and
Feexnlngly following his suggestion It
promptly did so, naming as his successor
Dr. B. F. Alden.
The resular annual volcanlc-llke erup
tion la the French Benevolent Society
occurred yesterday when that- organiza
tion met in Native Sons' Hall for the pur
pose of pacifying, the turbulent faction
that has been for some time attempting
to repudiate the recent actions of the con
stituted administrative committee, that
saw fit to remove Dr. Canac-Marquts
from the position of chief surgeon of the
local hospital.
Within ten minutes after the meeting
was formally called to order at 3 o'clock
the 1_I1 was in an uproar and the din
continued for nearly two hours, during
which much brilliant oratory was waited
in an attempt to straighten out matters
and bring the members of the society
back to a normal state, which seemingly
they are not destined to enjoy for any
great length of time.
What happened yesterday has happened
before, and when it was all over the mem
bers of the society retired from the place
of meeting with that air of satisfaction
that comes from having effected a pur
pose. And they had. One faction had
succeeded in proving to its own satisfac
tion that it was not popular with another
party of the organization, and the latter
body had enjoyed the privilege' of demon
strating to the regular officials of the so
ciety that by-laws sometimes work two
ways and that minorities may, if they
choose, create a mighty turmoil and keep
the storm raging so long as their tspeech
makers are able to engage in the task.
THVTIH. TROUBLES BEGIN.
Taken all in all,- the Home Rule ticket
Is far from being a strong, one, and the
Republicans should be able to elect the
first county officers in the Territory of
Hawaii by Bteady work during the next
six weeks.
HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— The second polit
ical convention for nominating candidates
for county of dees, has J\i8t_be_n_concluded.
It was held by the Home Rule party,
whose leaders" in" the Legislature recently
expressed their antagonism to American^
ism and; to any -attempt to 'promote an
Increase in the population' here by the In
flux of settlers from the mainland.
This anti-American Home Rule party
has nominated twelve Hawailans for the
county offices, their leader being Former
Delegate to Congress R. W. "Wiloox. who
runs for the office of Sheriff. Two rene
gades, who deserted the Republican
party because they failed to get nomina
tions, were welcomed with open arms by
the Home Rulers— James H. Boyd, former
Superintendent of , Public Works,' being
nominated for Supervisor, and Curtis P.
Iaukea for Assessor- and. Tax Collector.
Among the other nominees is C. W. Booth,
who tried to sell some property, .valued at
$10,000 for assessment, for water works
purposes to the Government for $250,000,
his chief supporters in the deal being
Home Rule members of the Legislature.
Princess Theresa, wife of Robert "Wll
cox, the Home Rule leader, has bolted the
ticket, being dissatisfied with some of the
nominations.. The Princess runs a weekly
paper called "The County," that supports
tho Home Rule party, and the lady edi
tor's utterances in the next issue should
be interesting if expressed as warmly and
Etrongly as her views were at the close
of the convention.
Special Correspondence of The . Call.
Warmly Expresses Her Views
at Close of Honolulu
, Convention.
Minority, Bitterly Aroused,
Engages in a Wild
Demonstration.
Says Men Who Were Washed
Overboard Were Never
Seen Afterward.*
Meeting of the French
Society Ends in a
Riotous Scene.
Captain of the Marian
OhUcott TeUs of
Disaster.
Wife of Robert Wilcox
r Does Not Approve of
:¦:; Party Ticket.
PENT-UP WRATH
LOUDLY VENTED
RUNS INTO GALE
OFF LIGHTHOUSE
PHINGESS BOLTS
THE HOME RULERS
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 4.— The funeral of
Mrs. F. R. Houck was held this after
noon from the family residence on Gar
field street. The Rev. L. M. Protzman,
pastor of the Baptist Church, officiated.
The Woman's Relief Corps attended in a
body, as did Reynolds Post,
Grand Army of the Republic. Mrs. Houck
was an active member of the • corps and
her husband of the G. A. R. She was a
native of Germany, 60 years of age.
Societies Attend Her Funeral
PLATTSBURG, N. Y., Oct. 4.— Rev.
Francis Bloodgood Hall, for thirty-nine
years pastor of the Peristrome Presbyte
rian Church of this city and probably the
most widely known clergyman in North
ern New York, died at his residence in
this city to-day of bronchitis, aged 76
yaars.
Death of a Well-Known Clergyman.
Injured Seaman Libels Vessel.
HONOLULU, Sept. 26. — The ship Er
sklne M. Phelps, of the Sewall line, has
been libeled and attached for $10,000 by
J. S. Shirrmacher, one of her seamen,
who claims drfmages for alleged neglect
after he broke his leg during rough
weather off the Horn. .The libelant says
that for two days he was practically un
attended, and that for over two weeks he
lay . ; helpless 'in his bunk without proper
care. The vessel has been released under
bondf. V R.\J. Graham is her master.
BERLIN, Oct. 4. — The United States,
Germany, England, France, Russia, Aus
tria-Hungary, Norway, Italy and Spain
were represented by composers, conduc
tors or singers at the International con
cert at the Philharmonic to-night, which
closed the Wagner festival. A brilliant
and enthusiastic audience was present.
The overture to "Edipus Tyrannus," by
Professor Payne of Harvard was well re
ceived, the composition being rendered by
a leading Berlin orchestra, under the di
rection of Kappelmelster Pohllg of the
Royal Opera at Stuttgart. Professor
Payne was called before the audience and
heartily applauded. M. Delmas of the
Paris Grand Opera and SJgnor Bond of
La Scala Theater of Milan and Conduc
tors Shevillard of Paris, Halvorsen of
Chrlstiania, Godfrey of London and Plad
irhoroff of St. Petersburg were among the
other participants.
In the forenoon a sacred concert was
given at the Sing Akadexnie, and during
the international concert at the Philhar
monic to-night there was a Wagner con
cert at the new opera-house, at which
Mesdames Schumann-Heinle, Olitzka and
Sucher.were the principal soloists.
Professor Payne of Harvard Is Called
Before the Audience and Heartily
Applauded.
INTERNATIONAL CONCERT
CLOSES WAGNEB FESTIVAL
Some members of the visiting corps, in
cluding the Earl of Denbigh, did not at
tend the services at Trinity Church, but
went to the Cathedral of the Holy Cross
with Mayor Collins in the morning.
The two orders will leave on their trip
to the Middle States and Canada next
Tuesday.
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— The quietness of Sun
day was stirred to-day by the sound of
martial music as the Honorable Artillery
Company of London and its hosts, the
Ancient Honorable Artillery Company of
this city, marched through some of the
Back Bay streets to Trinity Church. The
services in that edifice had been arranged
by thef British residents of this city, and
the parade incjuded, besides the two mili
tary bodies, those army and navy vet
erans of the British service whose homes
are in this city. The line of march was
well lined with spectators. The procession
was under ; the leadership of Lieutenant
Colonel C. S. Courtney, whose staff for
the day -included many British officers,
members of a large number of lndepend
ent military organizations of New Eng
land and- several officers of the United
States army. At the conclusion of the
service the parade reformed and marched
to the American House, where the several
organizations were entertained at lunch
eon.
Honorable Artillery Company of Lon
don and Their Hosts March, to
Church *in Boston.
MAHTIAX MUSIC STIES
THE SABBATH STILLNESS
" SUISUN, Oct. 4.— Last Wednesday
Deputy Sheriff Martin of Cordelia brought
to the county hospital a man wh'o had
been _ found lying unconscious beside the
road near the Thomasson rock crusher.
Tuesday evening the man, rode from Sul
sun to Cordelia with William McCarron,
a teamster. On Wednesday McCarron
found the man , Hear where" he had' left
him the day before. He was in a helpless
condition and had evidently lain out of
doors all night. ' •
.The man, died in the hospital Thursday
evening, and since" his death It has been
discovered that he 'was ) well to do. On
his body was found" a "purse containing
about , 550 : and two. passbooks, one show
ing deposits in the Hibernla Bank of San
Francisco to -the credit of Nicholas Cain
to the amount of $400 and the other issued
by the People's Savings Bank of Seattle,
where he had a credit of more than $2000.
The man's Identity is unknown here. An
autopsy disclosed that death was dua^to
pleural pneumonia.
Notwithstanding this fact the men were
placed on board the Sierra on April 7 and
transferred by the military authorities to
San Francisco. "When the cases were called
at the May term Judge Robinson and At
torney General Andrews both wrote to the
War -Department at Washington. Later
a letter from the War Department stated
that the case had been referred to the
department of California, and General
McArthur also wrote expressing his re
grets and asking that the civil authorities
here drop the cases as an act of courtesy
to the War Department. All the corre
spondence is to be produced in court on
Monday. ;"V:;
" HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— The "conflict be
tween the civil and military authorities
in Honolulu, due to the action- of the-mil
ltary in removing from Camp McKinley.
two soldiers who were under, indictment
for burglary, has not ended. The affair
has; occasioned: some very bitter corre
spondence',' part of which j has been filed in
the Circuit Court. . Judge Gear is emphat
ically of the opinion that the men" should
be brought back from' Calif ornia,, where
they have been transferred, and ' Judge
Robinson holds th© same view. The court
insists that all - the correspondence shall
be placed on file before further action is
taken.
These, soldiers broke Into the mountain
home of i Chief Justice Frear in- the early
-spring. Last March the counsel for the
men who were then In Oahu Jail, together
with Captain Pierce of the United States
army, called at the office of the Attorney
General and represented that the military
authorities were very anxious to obtain
control of the men pending the civil trial,
so as to inflict military punishment upon
them and pledging their word that the
men would be held subject to the order of
the civil authorities until their cases were
finally disposed of. Relying upon these
assurances the Attorney General made a
motion before Judge DeBolt that the de
fendants be released upon their own rec
ognizance, stating In open court that the
military authorities would be responsible
for the. appearance of the men when they
weTS wanted. The court granted the re
quest and the -prisoners were turned over
to Captain Pierce. Later Major John Mc-
Clellan asked that the civil authorities
dismiss .the cases In order that the men
could be se^nt out of the Territory. This
request was. denied by Attorney General
AndrewB.
Er>eejal- Correspondence of The. Call.
The special train bearing the San Fran
cisco delegation is expected to arrive
Monday at 5 p. m. After forming in pro
cession and marching to the headquarters
an informal reception will be held.
Rebekah headquarters have been fitted
up in the Board of Trade rooms and are
In charge of a committee from the local
lodge, headed by Mrs. Maggie Lewis.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 4.— After a busy
¦week of preparation Paso Robles Is now
ready to receive as guests for seven days
the Grand Encampment of Odd Fellows
of California. The weather conditions are
ideal and a successful week for the im
portant convention* is anticipated.
Camp Brower, the headquarters for the
cantons, is located in the city park. Gay
colored bunting and emblematic flags are
suspended from every business house. The
committee of ' arrangements having the
preparations In charge are A. Brendlln.
J. B. Wardl A. T. Pruess, J. Iverson, D.
Waite, "W. S\ , Lewis, J. D. Armstrong, R.
L.«Janney, I_ G. Sinnard, J. C. Brown, T.
Brooks and A. Pnster.
Clash Follows Removal From
Hawaii of Soldiers Ac- %
. : cused of Crime, j. ,
Teamster Finds Him Lying
on a Road in Solano
County.
Camp in City Park Radiant
With Emblematic
Flags.
Bank Books on Stranger
Who Passed Away
in Hospital.
Assert That Military Au
thorities , Imposed
Upon Them;
California, Odd Fellows
Will Receive Elabo
rate Welcome.
PROSPEROUS MAN
DIES UNKNOWN
GIVIL OFFICERS
IN ANGRY MOOD
BANNERS WAVE
AT PASO ROBLES
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903,
HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— The deaUi of George
J. Rose, an - old resident, who • was ' Auditor
General under # ln« monarchy • for ; elx ycarm,
took place last ¦ Thursday evening. lie was a
native of Ontario, born In 1838, and came her*
IB 1SC6. . . ..- . .....-.• .......... -;r>..
2
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
.'-Xt_t!ng. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour dnjggtet will refund money if PA54O
C'lNTM—NT falls to curt you In 6 to 14 Oars.
_f*_"* _Hfi_tti9__^_M^_^___B-_H_t_9Mtfl^HMBrikB_H(B4M_lflHA © 9t
ADVERTIS----~-~rS»
rmii____________i"''
fj — n—Kl-^ I ltS ma |J
i &s3§ Arisingf 5^ 1
I gjS Half ®| |
| gsls * BB=a o
I BB-3Q Glass H(J 37
| JUg^ Natural \\
1 fiisl Laxative o
fi ; ___--¦ . H
_____ _ __ — _ ________________ __ — — >
Mellin's Food and Milk is an
ideal combination and will
nourish and strengthen your
baby and make him grow.
J
We should like to send a sample of Mellln'a
Food free to your baby.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
1| IS THE MARK OF B
yjC*W £ II I 1 J I li"¥_i<!
pi CLUETT, PEABODYACO. 1-4
fi^^^^^^^*^^^^_^,t
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
» MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Q) i:si ____i?r.i»_ e:i -:_, :.?.:_. A
\ ,Qr The I_vje« Anatomical Museum in the \
9 _*J_Ti_ Wor> — Weak-esses at any contracted A
i. B9t disease pMiltv.lj nr<4 by tie oldest f
O fS til ipe-a'iw oa the Coait. Kit. 36 yean. Q
A dS$*A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN I
\ in&?ll Consultation fre* and strictly printe.
W i J_M_C flf Traaiment personally or by le:ter. A , I
\ ¦ ff SI If f—tti— Curt in every case nadertaken. '
API WBk Write for Book. PBILOSIOPnYafi |
X if P "ABBMCK. MAIUU> FKEB. ( JL \
A 0 _r »- !tJJble too- for -'"I
f DB. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St.. & 9. < '
IA/. X. HESS.
JTotary PnfeUo and Attoraey-at-__a--.
Tent_ Floor. Kccm 1015. Claua Spreclcels bids.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Re-tdrnce Telephone James 1501
OCXLAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leav* San Fran-
cisco aa follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wr-ansel.
Juneau. Haines. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
3. 8, 13. IS. 23. 28. Nov. i.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coxna. Everett. "VThatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 3. %
13, IS, 23. 28, Nov. 2 Chan_e at Seattle tr»
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoms to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Huroboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Oct. 1. 7. 13, 19. 25, 31, Nov. 6; Corona.
1:30 d. m., Oct. 4, 10. 16, 22, 28, Nov. 3.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
State of California, Thur«<?7iy *. 9 a. m.
For Los Anteles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (.Saa
Luis OMjso), Ventura and Hueneme.
• Coos Bey. 9 a. m., Oct. 8. lft. 24. Nor. 1.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Oct. 4. 12. 20. 28, Nov. 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose d?l
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Ouaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of «ac_
month. . _»-
For farther Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to chance steamers or sall-
Ibs dates.
TICKET OmCJ-S — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market -treat anj
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Pa.senicer At-rt.
10 Market street. San Francl.ico.
O. R. St N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Seat. 30. Oct. 10. 20. 30,
Nov. 0. IV 29. "Oeoife W. Elder" sails Oct.
6, 13. 25 Nov. 4, 14, 24. Only stenms<hip Un«
to PORT'LAND. OR., and short rail Una from
Portland to all points East. ThrouE~* tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets lnelnd»
hprth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
it at 11 »• m- 3- ~- BOOTH. Oen. Art. Pass.
Dipt. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, On.
Agt- Frt. Dept.. 3 Montromery »t.
TO YO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAJ- STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will lAve wharf, corner Flrat *ni
Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.. for TOKOIIAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kob« (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connectln* sat
Hongkong with steamers for India. «to. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8 - B :.^!f.^.. MA^u r r^;:-c^Wii;-i»o3
8 - V^.^.-_ESf NoVVmbeVi6.-lio3
S. S. HONOKONO MAKU
Thumday. December 3. l«03
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduted
rates. For freight and passage apply _t Conv.
nany's office. _21 Market street, corner First.
*^ W. H. AVERT. Oneral Agent.
8 s VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 8, 2 ft m.
« S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Oct. 17. 11 a. m.
8 8. MARIPOSA. for TahlU. Oct. 26. 11 £ __
ii>IKI_UI B2-S.CS- l^.rxtitl!flks,|43li.'t l ta
rr^t91fo.S-IUrblS_.ftr!i.7.f_£:.L
C0XPAS9IX GENE3AI.E TS-_I3ATX_IK7I9T;S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _hm»
Saving every Thursday Instead of Araft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. frcta Pier _. •-MK—jP
North River, foot of Morton st, .„.?_ t
First-class. to Havre $70 and upward. Seo-
ond-cta_s to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlnx)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coturi
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Frandsco.
TteHeta iK>ld by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Isla— a «— a Vall-jo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELIO—
9:45 a. m., .1:15 and S:3<) p. m., except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailffjo"
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. 3uo-
day. 7 a. rn.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. T«l
I Main 1508. Pier 2. Ml.ilon-.u dock. HATCH
BROS. . -•_ -
¦'• ADyEBTISETVTRNTS.
__^d5r_ k^S__ 9^^ _ t^^^ \f jj^ till^_^^^ B _ 1— 3WB)__
j| "Worry Kills more Men than War/ H
w**^7^3 ' Hi S^^Br HR_ * hEdmRvuSw ,' ABSSSBi KSSSHS miBml^cv-^h— B_ BB— sft i^fc _. _&^£S ¦ ___£Gs9^'X_— SSHlS&flL — * * ' -\* -m
p.i/^g ' ' :! *" ¦ _____ " _?S^^^5s^ R£% _ : ¦ t'^^'i?ST. LOUIS, Mo., Oct. 4.— In response to
on invitation from President Roosevelt,
Circuit Attorney Folk wijl depart for
Washington on Tuesday to discuss with
him the necessity for asking Congress to
add bribery to the other offenses men
tioned in extradition treaties with coun
tries other than Mexico. If the confer
ence results In such action by Congress
it is thought the way may be. opened for
the return of Ellis Wainwright, indicted
on the charge of municipal bribery here
in connection with the Suburban bill in
the House of Delegates, , who is now in
France, and Daniel J. Kelley, indicted on
the charge of legislative* bribery at ." Jef-
Xerson City, who la now in Canada.
Will Consult With President Begard
ing Necessity for Making Bribery
an Extraditable Crime.
CUtC U IT ATTORNEY FOLK
INVITED TO. WASHINGTON
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem
ium offer -will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household ': treasure should not
fail to place : their order im
mediately. '
This. splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the '- exceptionally low, rate of
fifty cents per copy. .Out of
town orders twenty, cents ad
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation' charges. 4 '
REDDING, Oct. -4.— A six-year-old In
dian boy, » whose iname has not ' been
learned here, met an awful death last
Thursday at Amadee, Lassen County.
The little fellow was playing with a white
boy of his own age about a hot water
spring, when he slipped and fell into the
boiling water. He managed to scramble
out, and assisted by his playmate suc
ceeded after repeated delays, occasioned
by the' terrible agony of the burns.^in
reaching a nearby hotel. All possible was
done for the boy, but death soon relieved
his sufferings.
Terrible Death of a Six- Year-Old
Boy in La seen
County. ;V;
INDIAN CHILD FALLS
INTO BOILING SPBINQ
D. S. Richardson, superintendent of the
San Francisco postofnee, whose name has
been made prominent in connection with
the indictment of ex-Superintendent of
Special Delivery System James W. Er
win, returned to his home }n Oakland;
accompanied by his wife, last night. He
refused absolutely to discuss In any man
ner the recent scandal in the San Fran
cisco postofnee or to attempt a vindica
tion of the ¦ Imputation commonly made
that his own name is deeply involved in
the affair. He claimed to be under orders
from Washington prohibiting him from
talking. ' . ;
After the indictment of Erwin it de
veloped that it was upon the testimony
given by Richardson before the Federal
Grand Jury of the District of Columbia
that the . charge'N was founded. He is
president of the Postal Device and Im
provement Company, which, it was
claimed, had been defrauding the Gov
ernment by charging, exorbitant prices
upon contracts secured through alleged
conspiracies.
.; Richardson had been introduced to the
postal authorities by Erwin when he first
attempted to float the scheme of the
patent, mail boxes and .upon his testimony
in this respect Erwin was indicted. ,
Despite the fact that for. three weeks
after, the indictment of Erwin was made
public, Richardson could not be located,
either In Washington or at any point
west, he now,! strongly asserts that he was
not in hiding, but merely visiting relatives
of his wife's In Wisconsin.' It Is presumed
that he will pass all the responsibility for
the indictment of Erwin up. to admissions
made^by Erwin to the special. officers who
were investigating the local postofflce in
the spring.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 4.— Special services
were held in the Baltimore cathedral to
day in honor of the election of Pius X.
Cardinal Gibbons preached the sermon at
high mass. In the course of the sermon
Cardinal Gibbons said:
The conclave which- has Just taken place
marks a new and Important era in the annals
of the American Catholic church. This is the
first time in the history of the Christian rell-
Cion that the United States or any part of this
Western hemisphere was ever associated with
the other nations of Christendom in selecting
a successor to the chair of Peter. I would not
be at all surprised if in the next conclave the
Catholic church of 'the United States will be
represented by several members of the Sacred
College, so that the number of Cardinals from
our country may be commensurate with the
population, the grandeur and the commanding;
influence of the nation, and may be in keeping
also with the numerical strength of our hier
archy and laity and the splendor and progress
of our religious and charitable Institutions.
Two ballots were cast each day in the con
clave, one In the forenoon and another m tne
afternoon. The votes for Cardinal Sarto stead
ily increased from the first to the seventh bal
lot on which he was elected. %\*hen the Car
dinal observed that the suffrag^- for him
were augmenting he was visibly . disturbed,
and In a. fervent speech he implored his col
leagues not to regard him as a candidate.
Contrary to his wishes the votes for him In
creased. He then became -alarmed, and In a
second speech, in most pathetic language, he
again besought the Cardinals to forget his
name, as he could not accept a burden too
heavy for him to bear. All were moved by
the modesty and transparent sincerity of the
man. "When he resumed his seat his cheeks
were suffused with blushes, tears were gush-
Ing from his eyes and hi* body trembled with
emotion. It was only after some of 'the lead-
Ing; Cardinals entreated him to withdraw his
opposition that he finally and reluctantly: con-
Bented to abide by the will of God and ac
cept the sacrifice. ¦¦-¦.-¦
Never did a prisoner make greater efforts
to escape from his confinement than did Car
dinal Sarto to escape from the yoke - of the
Papacy. With his divine master he exclaimed:
"Father, if It be possible let this chalice pasa
from me. Nevertheless, not my ' will, but
thine, be done.'.' .
When his election was officially . announced
his florid countenance assumed . a ¦ deathly : pal
lor and restoratives were applied to save him
from fainting. ' . "¦¦'.:'-
D. S. Richardson Ap
pears at Home With
out Explanation.
Cardinal Gibbons Con
• gratulates American
Catholics.
NEW ERA OPENS
TO THE CHURCH
of black art and dropped into the
sunny hollow of the hills back of San
Francisco known as Glen Park. The
crashing Wagnerlan music was there, the
heavy throated choruses of strong male
voices, dances, merrymaking and good
old beer. It was not the harvest festival
of Bingen that was there, however, but
the celebration held by the San Francisco
German-American League in honor of the
landing of their forefathers at German
town, Pa.,' 220 years ago.
The whole German colony of the city,
with their lunch baskets and their flaxen
haired children, flocked out to the warm
little glade in the Mission hills before the
sun was four hours old, and there on the
sun-browned hills and in the shaded glens
ONE would have said yesterday
that the Jolly townsfolk of some
little Rhine village had been
wafted across seas by some trick
KEEPS SILENCE
OF THE SPHINX
As an attractive memento of the occa
sion the German League provided each
guest with an attractive souvenir pro
gramme. Besides literary contributions
by Charles Bundschu, Hermann Giauch,
Wllhelm Zlmmermann and E. ZschieschI,
the programme of festivities, the names
of the committees and of the many or
ganizations comprised in the league were
incorporated in the souvenir.
When the voices of the orators and
singers had become husky the light-heart
ed festival crowd turned to the games.
Besides bowling and rifle shooting, there
were (juaint German games. Plump old
ladies and graybeards tried their hands
at vogel3techen and Schwablsche kegel
bahn. Curly-headed youngsters grew diz
zy on the swings or climbed the smooth
poles to their hearts' content. Youthful
Turners in their neat gray suits per
formed fanciful feats. for The amusement
of young and old. I •
mer, ' barytone, rendered still more mu
sic. From the music stand a full band
played airs which make the blood leap.
WINNIPEG, Man., Oct. 4.— It Is now
certain that Missionary McLaughlin of
the Methodist Church, who left Huron
River on September 7 with six Indian chil
dren, perished # with the entire party. To
day word reached Selkirk that two bodies,
one of an elderly Indian and another of
an Indian boy, were found in Lake Win
nipeg, near Big Island, at a point where
McLaughlin and party were supposed to
be when the big storm occurred. It is
supposed that the older Indian had been
engaged by McLaughlin to assist in navi
gating the sailboat in which they were
coming up the lake. Rev. John Simmons,
in charge of the Northern Missions for
the Methodist Church, is now on the lake
with a tug endeavoring to locate the body,
of McLaughlin or to discover traces of his
whereabouts.
It Is Now Certain That Missionary
McLaughlin and Party Per- ,
ished in Big Storm.
BODIES OF TWO INDIANS
FOUND IN LAKE WINNIPEG
Then came the great rich choruses of
the united singing societies, thundering
out the old war songs of the Rhine or
yodeling sweet harmonies of Swiss ham
lets. In the pavilion the Harmonie and
Arion societies, together with Otto Spa-
TTler, the violinist, and Dr. S. Schalkham-
After the lunch baskets had been ran
sacked to their innermost recesses the
feast of oratory and song was called in
to supplement the wettwurst and sauer
kraut of the baskets. Professor Ewald
Fluegel of Stanford University and Wll
helm Zlmmermann addressed the assem
blage In German, and Fairfax H. Wheelan
and H. U. Brandensteln spoke in Eng
lish.
reveled to their hearts' content until the
moon shone over Twin Peaks. There were
speeches in praise of the Fatherland and
of its sturdy sons who first came to the
wilderness on this side of the ocean two
centuries ago. Patriotic songs of the old
country and of the land at adoption were
sung. Shooting, turning and games filled
in the gaps of the programme.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.-Dashlng over an
embankment in their automobile. Herbert
Bowen, a publisher of Richmond Hill. L.
I., his wife, Agnes, and their 5-year-old
Fon Herbert Jr.. were seriously hurt to
day while descending a hill in East New
York. The machine was wrecked. All
were taken to the hospital, where Mrs.
I So wen's condition was reported to be
critical.
Auto Ihishes Over Embankment.
Churchmen Are to Convene.
WOOElMND. Oct. 4.— The annual con
vention of the general association of Con
gregational churches of California will
convene In this city to-morrow and con
tinue in session until Friday noon. There
will be about 190 delegates present, repre
senting 122 churches of Central and North
ern California. A splendid programme
has been prepared and many of the prom
inent churchmen of the State will partici
pate.
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— The police to-night ar
rested Guy Tong as he was preparing to
smuggle a / package of 300 38-caliber
cartridges into a building alleged to be
the headquarters of local highbinders. The
police connect Guy Tong's movement with
the gamblers of Chinatown and the so
called reform element, which resulted
Friday night in the murder of one Chi
nese and the wounding of a second. It
is believed that both parties are preparing
for a desperate fight, and the police are
seeking to disarm those suspected of be
ing Involved in the feud.
Boston Police Capture a Highhinder.
Mass meeting to-night. Alhambra The
ater. Eddy and Jones streets, in favor of
Geafy-street bonds.
If you want to retain in memory a pic
ture of some interesting event, snap it
with a camera from the photographic de
partment of Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket St. *
Cameras and Supplies.
Last sprinsr an Eastern man. whose
name Is unknown, went to Long Beach
and engaged board at the Tibbetts home,
and while the husKfnd was out made ad
vances to the wife, who reciprocated.
Never a thoueht of this entered the old
man's mind, but on Memorial day his wifo
told him that she loved the Eastern man.
was tired of him and would leave at once.
Then comes the remarkable feature of
the story, for the old soldier took a course
that merits him a monument for unheard
of charity. HJs boarder, the wife's para
mour, sat on the front porch with his
feet cocked on the railing, smoking a
cigar, and coolly gave orders while Tib
betts packed the woman's belongings, the
tears rollinz from his eyes.
Then he went to the bank and drew
$1500, all he had, and gave it to his wife.
More than that, he tlessed her and told
her he would be waiting for her whenever
she would come back. She never came
and to-day the Coroner found a note on
the corpse stating that while Tlbbetta
ended his sorrows by drinking poison, the
death blow'was struck by his wife. The
woman is travelins in the East with her
paramour.
Tibbetts was an old man, a veteran of
the Civil War, and had been married thir
ty years. He made and saved money and
he and his wife were happy with each
other.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4.— No stranger
story has ever come to light here than is
revealed in the death of Captain Aaron
G. Tibbetts. owner of the launch Queen,
whose blackened body was found in a
cabin at Long- Beach where he had swal
lowed a fatal dose of laudanum a week
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At the time of the robbery he reported
the v.hole casjf to the police. After a long
pf-arch a woman answering Nelson's de
scription was found and arrested. In con
.Flderatlon of the woman's youth and of
the fact that she has a young child the
police do not contemplate taking action
egalnst her. In the expeditions of her
husband Fhe apparently took th£ part of
lookout cniy, although when arrested her
hair was found to have been recently cut
short so as to fit under a derby hat, and
this led to the* belief that she had mas
queraded in men's clothes.
Martin Nelson after being held up was
proceeding to the police station when he
met a young woman, and anxious to pre
vent her from falling into tha hands of
the highwayman told her he had just
been robbed.
"Could you Identify the man that did
it?" was the unexpected reply, that
aroused Nelson's suspicions. By talking
unconcernedly to the v.-oman he managed
to lead her to an arc light, where he
Ftudled her features. He was thus en
abled to identify both man and wife yes
terday.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct, 4.— Arthur T.
Johnson, son of a once wealthy pioneer
of Portland, and his 17-yrar-old wife to
day confessed to having held up and
robbed Martin Nelson on September 14,
end on the same night William Madigan,
a messenger, who was robbed of II 05.
Mrs. Johnson only one year ago had a
child by a former husband, and has been
married but five months to Johnson. She
is pretty, and her beautiful golden hair
proved one of the chief factors in her
Identlflcatisn and arrest.
Special rMepatch to The Call.
Judge Ned Gould of St. George had both
legs broken and his condition is critical.
He was caught in the collapse of the
Logan building. Mrs. George Rollins was
blown into the cellar with a baby in her
arms. The mother had her shoulder and
ankle dislocated and the baby's face was
cut. .-•"'•'
Jacob Helm, a farmer east of the city,
was crushed under the falling timbers of
his home and died soon afterward.
The Chicago Great Western station was
wiped out. Girls in the telephone office
and Dr. Scott were imprisoned In the
ruins had to wait for help, but they
were not injured. SIvely and Hendee, the
proprietors of a wagon factory, were, In
the buildlnc when it was crushed. The
former was saved by standing against a
wall which did not fall and the latter was
saved by lying down behind the timbers.
He was completely covered with wreck
age but was unhurt. Three teachers were
In the school building when part of it was
blown axvay. but they escaped.
George Jessen, a farmer, was in the city
with his wife and baby. He was walking
along the street when he was struck on
the head with a brick and died an hour
later. His wife escaped.
When the big furniture store fell H. H.
Beckway, the manager, was struck by a
falling wall and his skull was fractured.
He cannot live.
In Spencer's saloon young Spencer
Jumped under a billiard table and was
unhurt, although the saloon was a total
wreck. A negro crawled out from under
the ruins unhurt.
STATION IS WIPED OUT.
W. O. Crittenden, a farmer, got in his
wagon to drive home. There was a plow
in the wagon. The -wind lifted the plow
and drove the share through Crittenden's
neck, almost severing his head> William
Mitchell had his hand on the shoulder of
Crittenden when the latter was killed, but
Mitchell was unhurt. Crittenden had
cancer of the stomach. He had Just con
sulted a doctor and was told that he could
not live. He was coinz home to get his
affairs in shape when he was killed.
There were many marvelous escapes.
Mary Ebben i^as in her father's saloon
and when the storm came she grasped
her father's hand. When 'the father's
body was dug- out she was holding his
hand and was unhurt.
F. Blarikenburg and son were in their
elevator when It collapsed and they were
blown a hundred feet. The father had his
leg and arm broken, was internally in
jured and will probably die. His son
escaped with a scalp wound. The prop
erty loss is to-day estimated at $300,000,
with but little insurance.
S. Merrifleld, who was in a popcorn
stand on the street, was blown 300 feet
and injured internally. He cannot re
cover.
A barn on the Apperley farm filled with
grain was blown to atoms and not a piece
of it has been found. Buildings at Scan
dinavia were blown down. In a field in
the course of ttte storm $11,000 in money
was picked up, Tipparently having been
blown there by the storm.
A special from "Rlpon, Wls., says two
men, names unknown, were drowned in
Green Lake by being capsized while out
fishing during Saturday's storm. Two
houses, several barns and several wind
mills were blown down five miles west of
Ripon.
SOME MIB-ACTJLOITS ESCAPES.
WINONA, Minn., Oct. 4.— The people of
St. Charles are already at work repairing
the ruins left by yesterday's tornado. A
corrected list of the dead follows:
JOHN EBBEN.
WILLIAM EBBEN.
EDWIN MURPHY.
GEORGE JESSEN.
WILLIAM VEST of DIxon, 111.
W. O. CRITTENDEN of Denver, Colo.
JACOB HOLM, a farmer.
The list of injured is much larger than
reported last night.
The way in which these persons met
death is not known except in the. case of
Mrs. Cyperly, who was * in her home,
which was blown from its foundations.
PRINCETON. 111., Oct. 4.— A tornado
passed two miles southeast of this city
last bight, killing three persons and de
stroying a large amount of farm, proper
ty. The dead:
MRS. CHARLES F. SHERWIN.
MRS. ALVARA SHERWIN, mother of
Charles F. Sherwln.
MISS EMMA WELSH of Tiakaw, a
vieitor at the Sherwin house.
Charles F. Sherwin received serious in
ternal injuries.
The storm started at the house of J.
F. Cater, two mllea southeast of Prince
ton. At that place It destroyed a new
residence erected by Cater this year. The
storm traveled In an easterly direction
to the residence of Mrs. Sherwin, which
was blown away, the three women in the
house being killed. Sherwin, who was
about to enter the house, was seriously
Injured.
Considerable corn In the field was ru
ined and some stock killed.
At the residence of Cater the family
escaped by going to the cellar.
WAUPACA, Wls., Oct. 4.— The tornado
which struck Blaine and Almond last
night killed five persons near Sheridan
and blew down twenty buildings. The
dead;
M. R. MTHOLTZ.
MARK WOOD.
MRS. FISHER.
MRS. CYPERLT.
UNKNOWN GIRU
Tornadoes Sweep Through Section* of
Illinois, Wisconsin and Min
nesota Causing Loss of
Life and Property.
Golden Hair of the .Woman !Leads to
Her Identification by the Pe
destrian Who Was Re
cently Held "Up.
Bestows Money and Blessing 1 on the
Woman Who Deserts Him for
a Paramour Who Wrecked
His Home.
Qraln Fields Are Ruined and
Cattle Perish in the
Fierce Blast.
Son of Once Wealthy Pioneer
Admits Crime of
Footpad.
•i wi.»h people to recall that one week ago
Mr. Cutting said publicly the same thing; that
is, that he could see no reason why such an
Indorsement, made without conditions, should
not be accepted. I suppose I may not com
plain if during the past week Mr. Low and
Mr. Cutting, under the impulse of Mr. Platt.
Mr. Woodruff and Mr. Bruce, have revised their
opinions. Last Monday I told Mr. Low that
the only alternative fairly left me wa» either
to accept all nominations and indorsements or
else decline all, including the fusion. He then
refused to listen to such a declination, and it
wan at his suggestion that the formal notifica
tions proceeded that day. If he were ever to
have taken the position he now takes it would
have been fairer to have taken It a week ago.
The Mayor concedes, thererore, that he >ild
not protest when I mentioned to him th» prop
osition that the acceptance of Democratic in
dorsement would aid him because It would be
a helpful indorsement of the fusion adminis
tration. I feel sure that, when he recalls the
conversation I now bring to his attention, he
will admit that he then thought that such an
Indorsement would be a distinct tactical ad
vantage to him in the campaign. By the ac
tion of the Democratic convention Mr. Low
has gained that tactical advantage. He has
gained all that h« can gain by that, whether
Sir. Fornes and I are retained on the fusion
ticket or not. Having won the advantage,
which he Is quite willing should be won for
him, it seems he is now willing, at a demand
Inspired by T. C. Platt and his associates, to
have Mr. Fornes and myself cast from his
ticket.
I think that Mr. Low will recall another
conversation with me about two weeks ago. I
told him that the talk of an indorsement by
Tammany seemed to be coming: from various
directions; that I had deemed It an impossi
bility, but that now it began to seem possible,
though I could sot yet think it probable. I
said I could receive it only If made uncondi
tionally and that I would not permit. It to
silence me In the campaign; that under these
conditions It seemed to me that it would be a
tower of strength to Mr. Low and that I might
properly accept. Mr. Low distinctly assented
to this view.
NEW YORK. Oct 4.— Comptroller Grout
to-day issued a statement in regard to the
assertion made yesterday by Mayor Low
to the effect that Qrout had once sug
gested to him the possibility -that he
might be offered a Tammany nomination,
but that In that event he would continue
to support Low. His suggestion. Low
said, he did not regard seriously. Grout
says in part:
Veteran, Abandoned by His
Wife, Unable to Bear
the Sorrow.
Remarkable Confession
of Couple to Port
land Police.
Strange and Pathetic
Story Revealed by
Suicide.
Says He Was Willing That
Tammany Indorse Fusion
Nominees.
Buildings Are Razed and
Occupants Buried in
the Wreckage.
Accuses New York Ex
ecutive of Change
of Front.
DEATH MARKS
THE PATH DF
WINDSTORMS
YOUNG WIFE
AIDS SPOUSE
IN ROBBERY
POISON ENDS
A HUSBAND'S
MARRED LIFE
GROUT'S ANSWER
TO MAYOR LOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5; 1903.
With the Music of Bands, Patriotic Choruses by Singing Societies
and Able Speeches by Prominent Men, the Anniversary
of the Founding of Gerrhantown in 1683 Is Fittingly Observed
GERMAN-AMERICAN LEAGUE MEMBERS
HOLD A CELEBRATION AT GLEN PARK
PROMINENT CITIZENS OF THIS CITY WHO DELIVERED ADDRESSES YESTERDAY AT GLEN PARK DUR
ING THE CELEBRATION HELD BY THE SAN FRANCISCO GERMAN-AMERICAN LEAGUE IN HONOR OF
THE LANDING OF THEIR FOREFATHERS, ON AMERICAN SOIL.
The habit of putting off things that
should be done at once, frequently /causes
unending trouble and . expense. "A gas
range should be purchased now from the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co. *
HONOLULU, Sept. 26.— A strike of 400
Japanese * on ; a Honolulu plantation. took
place yesterday, .the | men demanding an
increase In. their advance allowance from
the" plantation. They are. employed on a
profit-sharing: basis; .andl the,; plantation]
has been advancing them $12 a month on
the crops they raise.. They demanded an
advance of S20, and the* demand was re
fused.'- The- men are e , holding .out, . but
there" has been no violence so far.*. Police
from Honolulu are on' guard. ' :*--¦ '
Japanese Plantation Hands Strike.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MT7ST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds cf Hair Prepara-
tions, and Fear to Discriminate.
DrupK'fts sell all kinds? of hair prepara-
tions, and as a rule they are wisely chary
of piving preference to any particular 1
or.e. but many of them have come out I
plainly for Newbro's Herp-Mde, the new !
treatment that absolutely kills the dan- i
rtruff germ. H. Swannell & Son, Cham-
Jif ipn. 111., say: "One customer of our? ,
who did not have a hair on top of his
hrad when he began to use Herpicide
n«,w has a fair Ftart toward a good head
of hair. We believe Herpicide to be bv !
far the best preparation of its kind oh
the market." Hundreds of similar testi-
monials from everywhere. Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send X0e in ftamps for
Fample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit
Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Ths Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears ths /"]¥ s/&/7 s? m
Sigaatture cf Wta^'/^^^^'
"Kins ofaQ Bottled Beers.** v. I
Brewed from Bohemian Hops. I
] SOLO eVEBVWHERE. |
IlIUEEHT MERCANTILE CO.. i
Pacific Coast Acents. JB
§Vim, Vigor, Vitality lor Men.
MORMON BISHOP" S PILI.S
bave been la use over nCly
ye«rs by the leaders of th»
Msrtnon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tin
worst c&scs In old and youns
arlclrts; from effects of self-
abuse. Alkslpatlon. excesses or
cigarette iracklnc. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impot*ncy. Lost
Power. Night Loxses Inasci-
Cla, f&ius Hi Beck. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervcus utblSiiy. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry Less of Bemen. fy f*. Varlcocele or Con-
«u'p«tioa Step Ner *3 U vous Twitching of
fcyelids. Effects are c __ -Immediate, ir^parj
vitor ard potency** c/¥ * to every function.
I>on't siet despondent, a cure l« »t hand. Re-
•lore •jnail. undeveloped orsars. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; Mo a box; o for
t2 iO by mail. X written ruarantee to «ure cr
racney refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fr*e.
Address BISHOP REMEDT C<X. 40 Ellis ¦?
£an Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. *$
• : a «0 Third ct.
• EVERYELAJEMRRANTED
' \ What Schilling's Best does
• for a grocer : settles all ques-
tions of
tea baVIng-powifer (pices
coffee flavoring extracts soda
and leaves him free to attend
' to the rest of his business.
j Money back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8 The real test for clothes rests with the man who wears gj
[] If they are good he is the one who finds it out, and as a \
H rule will patronize the house which satisfies him. \
't . We always keep this important fact in sight. \
\ - We do our very best to make good clothes and so lessen
| the chances for dissatisfaction. But to fully protect the cus-
\ ' tomer we offer to give him his money back if he is not sat- *
j I isfied. If he is pleased and keeps the suit, we repair, spongo j
\ and press it free of charge. We appreciate his trade and J
' \ strive to retain: it. I
i I Would, you like to buy clothes on this principle? t
I I? May we show you sample^ of our made-to-measare suits I
t | at $io.oo? '¦ "* • . *
j ' Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through our self- H
J I measuring system — write for samples. g
II 740 Market Street and |
I Corner Powell and Eddy Streets |
as \\mr,nwmHKmanBm^&STRUCTURE TO CONTAIN
SPECIMENS OF CALIFORNLV
STUDENTS' SKILL.
Spirits as revealed by the mysterious manipulations,
of mediums are responsible for a divorce suit in this
city. One would think from the records of the di
vorce court that mismated couples had troubles
enough in this world without seeking . to . peep into
another to find more.
Murderous <Jynamiters have threatened in a partic
ularly daring manner to destroy the home of the
Chief of Police of Helena because of his successful
activity against criminals. This is only one instance
of many indicating that the time has come for a most
thorough housecleaning on the part of American cit
ies. News from them these days sounds too sus
piciously like that which comes from the Old World.
Let us fit your hand to a good fountain
pen. The "Waterman," "Swan" or "Mar
shall-are the only ones worth consider
ing. Prices. $1 00 to JS 00 each. Sanborn
Vail & Co., 741 Market St. =>anoorn.
Fountain Pen News.
The Chinese who were subjected to gross indigni
ties and outrages by the lawless element of Tonopah
intend to demand indemnity from the Federal Gov
ernment. It is remarkable with what success we
have taught natives and foreigners alike that money
in America is a balm for all wounds, mental no less
LONDON, Oct. 4.— The Allan line has
ordered at Belfast a 12,000-ton turbine
stervrr.tr. the first of this kind to be used,
on the Atlantic. The new steamer Is des~
tlned for the mail service between Liver
pool and Canada. She will have a speed
of seventeen knots.
Allan Line Orders New Hail Steamer.
Oakland is to be praised and encouraged for the
consistency with which she is making persistent ef
forts to rid herself of the dive evil. If she needs any
more evidence to convince decent citizens of the
harm these deadfalls work let her send a committee
to San Francisco and see how we operate our dives
in contempt of law on Market street.
Minister Von Plehwe in a Collision.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 4.— A dispatch
from Ufa, caoltal cf the Government of
that name, says a train in which Interior
Minister von Plehwe was traveling went
off the track near Smolino September ZH
as a result of a collision with a herd of
cattle which was being driven across the
line. There was no loss of life, and Min
ister von Plehwe, who was not injured,
proceeded after repairs had been made to
the line.
In the New York penitentiary there is a life pris
oner who possesses one hundred thousand dollars.
His relatives, who are out of jail, with a knowledge
that he cannot enjoy his money and inspired by a
very natural desire to do so for him, have asked the
courts to give them the cash. This criminal will
probably- be mean enough to bestow his fortune upon
some society for the prevention of crime.
Cornelius E, Nestor, who holds a high
position with the Bell Telephone Com
pany, returned yesterday from Chicago, to
which city he went with President Sabia
three years ago. and will again be con
nected with the company here.
United States Senator Clark, who ar
rived here two days ago. departed for
Southern California last evening.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan,
who have been visiting the East, returned
by way of the northern route yesterday,
and are registered at the Palace.
George S. Nixon, the banker of Wlnne
mucca. Nev., is among the latest arrivals
at the Palace.
C. B. Jeffries, a fruit man of Fresno, is
at the Orand.
H. T. Bures. a mining engineer of Lon
don, registered at the Palace last night.
H. Mulloch, superintendent of the wool
en mllU at Marysvllle, is at the Grand.
Captain John Cross, the well known rail
road promoter of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A new naval base and dockyard Is likely
to be established at Berehaven, Bantry
Bay, in the south of Ireland. The choice
was between Berehaven and Cork har
bor, but the former possesses many nat
ural strategic advantages over Cork.
A powerful base on- the south
west coast of Ireland would con
trol and protect • St. George's Chan
nel and the Irish Sea. Bantry Bay
is an ideal locality for a dockyard with
a great expanse and depth of waterway.
It Is now rather isolated, but there will
be no difficulty in placing it in communi
cation with Cork by means of a railway.
Incidentally the building up of a naval
establishment would be of great benefit
to the population of that section In that
It would give employment to thousands
of mechanics and laborers. It is also con
fidently, expected that In the unexplored
mountainous districts Iron ore and coal
might be found and thus add to the com
mercial industries of the, country.'
The British battleship Inflexible, which
Was taken oft the effective list a year
ago, was sold at auction September 15
at the Chatham dockyard for 1100,500.
2 3*- Hits per Qun
.0 | g per Minute.
CALIBER Z. §• : S g 1
of guns. o';-_ y : g : f !
I I : f f
12-lnch *. 16 76 36 .71 .16
0.2-inch 6 M 24 .M) .37
6-lnch 136 1261 641 4.8.5 -.5
4 7-lnch ....... 22 278 97 3-fUO .«2
l-lnch 46 603 135 3.000 .60
Totals 226 2176 933
The best results with the several caliber
of guns were as follows:
Battleship. Ocean. 12-inch B. L. VIII. .71
hits per eun per minute. „
Armored cruiser, Cresay. 9.2-inch B. L.. \ III
and X. .6 hits per .gun per minute.
Battleship. Ocean, 6-lnch Q. F. and B. L..
VII 4.S75 hits per gun per minute.
Cruder Talbot 4.7-lnch Q. F.. 3.83 hits per
4-lnch Q. F.. 3.00 hits
Pe Th B e U pe^ntC U or hits to round, of all th^
guns was 42. SS.
Concerning results of gun practice in
the United States navy, some of the high
officials in Washington and commanders
of fleets are disinclined to let the public
know anything, while the Secretary be
lieves in publicity. In England the of
ficers favor non-secrecy and the Admir
alty wants results to be kept secret. The
public has a right to know the state of
efficiency of the navy, and official reports
are better than incomplete and mislead
ing accounts from irresponsible sources.
It is impossible to keep such matters se
cret. Every man on board the several
ships knows the facts and it soon becomes
common talk how one particular ship
excelled another In gun practice. Rear
Admiral Evans does not appear to be
averse to publicity and his report on the
firing practice of the American ships on
the Chira station is satisfactory, as it
indicates a better general average of ef
ficiency than that of the British squad
ron. The Oregon's 13-inch guns scored
68 per cent of hits and 55 per cent hit*
per minute; the Wisconsin made 75 per
cent hits and the Kentucky made nearly
as good a showing. With the 8-lnch
guns the Oregon made 63 per cent hits
per minute and 67 per cent of the shots
were hits. ' With her 6-inch guns the Wis
consin scored 60 per cent hits, which is
considerably lower than that of the Brit
ish squadron.
First — Should the bonds be based upon the plant
alone, as is the case with all enterprises that are con
ducted by private capital, or should the bonds be
based upon the entire city for a local improvement
not strictly within the purposes of municipal govern-
Second — Can the city construct and operate this
road without imposing an additional taxation upon
the whole body of. taxpayers?
Third — Should the city undertake this additional
labor in view oLall its present duties?
We have shown by conclusive reasoning in discuss
ing the first proposition that as the city, in conduct
ing a railroad, is conducting a business and not a gov
ernmental enterprise, it should conduct it on business
principles only, and therefore all bonds issued in or
der to construct this road should be based upon the
road alone and not upon the entire property of the
city.
This argument has not been answered by the ad
vocates of municipal ownership.
We have shown from the figiftes of the City En
gineer that the road will cost the city $20,550 a year
in excess of its income to operate it, and that in addi
tion to these figures the city will have to pay dam
ages for the injuries inflicted by the carelessness and
negligence of its employes and will also have to pay
for keeping in repair that portion of the street which
is always kept in repair by the pwners of street rail
roads. These last two items will more than offset
any decrease in the annual payment of interest. The
only answer made to this statement is that the fig
ures of the City Engineer are wrong; that he has esti
mated the earnings too low and the expense too high
and that his figures should be amended. But the
charter provides that the Board of Supervisors in
taking proceedings to acquire public utilities must
rely upon the estimates furnished by the City En
gineer.
The claim is made by the advocates of municipal
ownership that there should be eliminated from his
estimates the item of $17,750 provided for a sinking
fund required by law to be paid on the bonds. This
item cannot be omitted because the charter provides
that at the time of levying the municipal tax the
Supervisors shall levy and collect annually a tax suf
ficient to pay the annual interest on such bonds and
also the proper aliquot part of the aggregate amount
of such indebtedness so incurred and that such tax
6hall be in addition to all other taxes levied for
municipal purposes.
Under this provision the amount required to raise
the sinking fund and interest must be raised by taxa
tion every year whether the road is leased or sold or
operated by the city. The bonds will remain the lia
bility of the city and the law requires that the princi
pal and interest shall be raised in the above men
tioned way.
We have also shown that the city cannot under the
charter sell this, franchise in order to relieve itself
THE argument for and against the acquisition by
the city of the street railroad on Geary street
and the issue of bonds to the amount of $710,000
for that purpose has resolved itself down to the fol
lowing issues: t
THE London Chronicle ot September
11 publishes an elaborate and inter
esting table of prize firing of the
twenty-three ships comprising the Brit
ish China squadron in 1902, of which the
following condensation gives the aggre
gate results:
mander Fletcher recommend an appro
priation of $3,464,358 towards expansion
and improvement of present facilities or a
recourse to contracts with private firms.
The gist of the report Is that the 12-inch
and 10-inch guns may be completed in
time, but those of 8-inch and smaller cali
ber will be delayed for about eight years
beyond 1907. There are ten battleships,
eight armored cruisers and three protected
cruisers under construction which wera
authorized between March 3, 1S99, and last
March. The delivery of these ships is due
tetween February. 1904. and March, 1907,
and they will require 430 guns of the fol
lowing calibers: Forty 12-inch, 8 10-inch,
104 8-lnch. 60 7-inch and 21S 6-inch. These
constitute the main batteries for the
twenty-one ships referred to, and in addi
tion twelve 4-inch for two gunboats and
3S6 3-inch are needed for the new ships.
The small caliber guns need not neces
sarily be made at the Washington gun
foundry, and the remainder could have
been manufactured at the Government
shops in due time for delivery if there had
not been Unnecessary delay In placing
contracts for forcings.
The gun foundry at the Washington
navy yard Is reported to be unable to fur
nish the ordnance required for the ships
under construction, and that the ships
launched during the next four years will
be without the complement of guns for
several months. \ A board of naval offi
cers composed of Captain Folger. Com
mander Bowyer and Lieutenant Com-
Considerable work is being done in the
French navy in modernizing the coast
defence ships. The Indomptable, Caiman.
Beguin and Terrible built between 1881
and 1SS5, have had all their woodwork
removed where practicable and steel or
linoleum substituted: the heavy guns 'of
1875 models removed for new, lighter and
equally powerful ordnance, and the com
pound engines have been replaced with
triple-expansion machinery. A* a result
the horsepower has been increased from
GOOO to 7000, giving the ships a speed of
over fifteen knots, against the former thir
teen knots, and increased the cruising
radius by 1200 to 1700 miles, according to
the character of the ships, which range
from 7000 to 7575 tons.
M. Camilla Pelletan, the French Minis
ter of Marine, Is untiring In his efforts to
effect changes In the navy. His idea is
to simplify the former complex system
afloat and ashore, with a View of locating
responsibility. He Is, of course, popular
with the crew, younger officers and
workmen in the dockyards, while the high
rank officers and bureau officials enter
tain different feelings towards this man
who is wiping out all the old fogy tradi
tions of the navy. He has done much to
elevate, the personnel as a whole In de
stroying the superiority idea of caste, so
dear to the line officers of the old school,
and all branches of the service are now
open to meritorious persons, regardless of
birth and previous conditions. As an In
dication of M. Pelletan's minute scrutiny
of details, he has even gone so far as to
modify the manner of concluding official
reports by eliminating "I have the honor
to be" and substituting "Respectfully."
The French armored cruiser Jules Fer
ry, 12,550 tons and 26,000 horsepower, was
launched at Cherbourg last month in an
advanced state of completion. Her armor
below the water line was in place, as well
as electric motors, condensers, propeller
shafts and the four funnels. /
This ship made quite a stir in naval cir
cles twenty years ago. embodying as it
did several novel features, chief of which
being her turrets placed en echelon: that
is to say, not as now on a line with the
keel, but toward each side of the vessel.
The armor ranged from 24 inches to 13
inches on the side, and the turrets were
16 inches in thickness. The vessel was
of 11,400 tons displacement with engines
of 8000 horsepower, giving a speed of
about 14 knots. The Inflexible was laid
down at Portsmouth in February, 1874,
and launched in April, 1876, but was not
completed until 1879. Her cost was 14,757,
030, and the repairs up to date of retire
ment amounted to $702,170. The only war
service this ship ever rendered was at
the bombardment of Alexandria, In 1SS2,
where her four 80-ton muzzle-loading
rifles fired 1700-pound shells with great
effect against the fortifications. There
has been a wonderful change since the
Inflexible was launched- Ships of her
class have increased 50 per cent in Blze;
the engine power has been more than
doubled, and the speed raised from 14 to 19
knots. The thickness and weight of the In
flexlble's compound armor would, if made
of Krupp steel, would be impenetrable by
any ordnance built to date. The 80-ton
muzzle-loading rifle had a penetration of 21
inches of iron at 2000 yards, while the lat
est 12-inch gun, weighing 50 tons, , will
pierce nearly 32 inches of iron with a pro
jectile weighing only 850 pounds, at a
range of 2000 yards.
THE GEARY-STREET ROAD.
After a vacation of thirteen weeks President
Roosevelt, active, eager and more strenuous than
ever, has returned to Washington, as he, says, for
thirteen months of hard work. Perhaps some of our
superstitious Democratic friends may find in this
recurrence of thirteen some wee small hope for the
unfortunate man whom they will elect to battle next
year against the President.
any study pursued, and should show purpose,
method and results. Such work of pupils may
be literary, scientific, mechanical and artistic.
When honestly t prepared and intelligently
labeled It may he made to represent the work
of a school with considerable clearness and
fidelity.
Graphic charts, maps of sch'iol grounds,
models of school buildings In paper, card
board, papier mache or other material, pho
tographs of interiors and of exteriors of school
houses, of classes at work. /freehand drawing,
color work, map drawing, jiechantcal drawing,
Illustrations, nature study outlines, distribution
charts, etc.. are all suitable material for an
eduratlonal exhibit. Specimens «f students'
work in physics, chemistry, Jbiology ar.d the
higher mathematics, of laboratory experiments,
of art work, etc.. are valuable as material
from secondary schools and academies.
The results of manual tralnlnsr aie appro
priate in an exhibit of pupils' work.
Other material will suggest Itself to ochools.
It Is not Intended to restrict originality In
exhibitors as to material. Those things that
are distinctive of education In California
should be emphasized. With all material mere
quantity should be subordinated to variety and
excellence of work.
The situation presents few features out of the ordi
nary run. The crop prospects are now pretty well de
termined and it is seen that the country will have
an exportable surplus of everything, though with the ;
exception of corn the yield of farm produce will not
be heavy. The wheat crop is variously estimated at
from 620,000,000 to 070.000,000 bushels and the corn
crop is figured down by all interests to about 2,000,
000,000 bushels. These figures insure a good business
for the railroads during the fall and promise a fair
movement of merchandise and easy collections in the
great wheat and corn belts. It is these conditions
which cause the best reports to come from the west
ern half of the country, as mentioned above. The
Atlantic coast is making a less satisfactory exhibit
owing to the decreased activity in iron and steel and
the continual labor troubles, which render business
conditions far from stable in that region.
The Eastern situation, too, is more or less affected
by conditions in Wall street. The influence of this
hive of speculation on general trade may not be im
mediate or direct, but it reaches its logical destination
sooner or later. Business men all over the eastern
half of the country consider that Wall street keeps
thoroughly posted on the trade conditions of the land
and that stocks go up or down according as trade and
money prospects fluctuate. Hence any protracted
rise or fall in the New York stock market is bound
to affect g'eneral trade sooner or later. Therefore it
is not surprising that after the severe scourging and
pruning that the New York stock market has re
ceived during the past six or eight months commer
cial reports from the Atlantic seaboard should be less
optimistic than those from the West, where the in
fluence of Wall street is not as marked. In fact there
is a spirit of pessimism, with Wall street as source
and distributing center, all over the Atlantic coast.
The bankers do not share this pessimism and are
actively endeavoring to convince the public of the
needlessness of yielding to it, but their efforts are not
oversuccessful. One financial report hits the nail
squared in saying that "there is no ground what
ever for the pessimistic sentiment which pervades
the stock market like some infectious disease." The
best posted authorities arc persistently calling atten
tion to the fact that the standard railroad and indus
trial stocks are now and have been for some time
down to the level of good investment from a divi
dend-paving standpoint, and many of them are below
it, and that consequently now is a good time to buy,
but the public is evidently not taking the hint very
There is not much new in the staples. It is ex
pected that a reduction of about 20 per cent in the
output of pig iron will shortly be arranged in view of
the lessened demand and a growing tendency toward
an accumulation of stock. Heavy receipts of cattle
at Western points are causing some depression in
hides. Wool is well held, though buying is confined
to immediate requirements. Lumber Continues to
quiet down, with weak quotations for some descrip
tions in the West. Building operations, however, arc
still active except at some large Eastern centers.
The wholesale and jobbing trade continues good,
many large Eastern cities reporting the movement
better than at this time last year. The bank clear
ings, however, indicate rather the reverse, as they
show a decrease of 24.5 per cent from the correspond
ing week in 1902. The railroad earnings continue to
lead last year by a fair percentage, but the loud com
plaints of car shortage which characterized last year
are no longer heard except in a few sections and then
only occasionally. About the best feature of the week
was the report of improved collections throughout the
West and Northwest, due to the beginning of the crop
movement to market. In this connection it is inter
esting to note that the apprehensions of a scarcity of
money wherewith to move the crops, so freely ex
pressed last spring and summer, and which for
months hung like a cloud over the money market,
have not thus far been realized.
TRADE conditions mentioned a week ago still
continue and the commercial reports from the
different sections of the country are irregular
and diverse. The best reports are coming from the
western half of the country, but this has been the case
for a yrar or more.
BUSINESS CONDITIONS STILL
SATISFAC1OKY.
WITH three parties in the field the municipal
campaign has outwardly a close resemblance
to that of two years ago, when through de
fections from the ranks of both the Republican and
Democratic parties the Labor Union candidate for
Mayor was elected. The seeming resemblance of the
two contests is, however, deceptive and vanishes when
the essential elements of the two situations are care
fully noted. Two years ago the Republican party
was torn by dissensions, the Democratic party was
demoralized almost to the point of complete disor
ganization, while the Labor party, untried by experi
ence and animated by hope, attracted to its candidate
not only the full labor vote,'* but the whole discon
tented vote of the city.
. Very different is the situation to-day. The posses
sion of power has split the Labor party into factions
fighting over the spoils of office,- Democracy has made
a strong effort to pull itself together, while the Re
publican party, profiting by the experience of the past,
ridding itself of bosses and of factions and reviving
the spirit of harmony, enters the campaign more
thoroughly organized and better led than has been the
case for many a year. In the campaign of two years
ago the party of unity and vigor won and Schmitz
was elected. If history repeat itself and unity and
vigor once more triumph over dissension and indif
ference, the next Mayor of San Francisco will be
Henry J. Crocker..
When studied dispassionately it will be. seen that
Mr. Lane's chances are not much better than were
those of Mr. Tobin last year and that the real crux of
the campaign lies in the contest between Mayor
Schmitz and Mr. Crocker. When the somewhat
similar situation presented itself two years ago there
was a large discontented element among the people,
and that element almost to a man voted for Schmitz.
This year there is but little discontent. On the con
trary the sense of satisfaction among the people over
the prevailing prosperity is so great that there has
just been an overwhelming vote in favor of bonding
the city for many millions and largely increasing the
burden of taxation for the purpose of effecting ex
tensive municipal improvements. As the discontented
vote went to the extreme radical party of the cam
paign it is reasonable to suppose that the contented
vote of this year will go to the party of business and
prosperity and swell the majority to be given to Mr.
Crocker and his colleagues on the Republican ticket.
From whatever standpoint the situation be studied it
will be seen that Mr. Lane is not at all a probable
winner. His candidacy is an important factor in the
contest only because it will endanger and may possi
bly prevent the election of Mr. Crocker.
Such being the situation it is clear that the duty of
sll independent voters is to unite in support of the
'Republican ticket. The vote on the bond election
renders it absolutely necessary that the next Mayor
of San Francisco be a man of first-class business
capacity and experience. Neither Mr. Lane nor Mr.
Schmitz meets those requirements. Mr. Crocker on
the other hand is one of the foremost business men
of California. In the emergency that now confronts
the municipality he is indeed an ideal man for Mayor.
That fact will of course count for much with all
voters who have the welfare of the city at heart, and
when the better elements of the people get a clear
conception of the real issue at stake it is quite probable
we shall see a grand rally regardless of party ties to
the support of the Republican ticket in order to put
an end to the period of faction fights over the spoils
of public office by electing men of known business
capacity to give the city a sound business administra
tion.
THE CITY CAMPAIGN.
Two forms of exhibit are included in
the plan adopted. One will Include a gen
eral exhibit of the State public schools
at large and of the public school system,
and the other will take in individual ex
hibits of cities, counties, private school
systems, even a single educational insti
tution.
LIMIT IS PLACED.
All applications for space must be made
not later than October 10. Mr. Furlong
says that the amount of space that whl
be assigned to any one exhibit cannot be
determined until all the applications are
in. He hopes that the rural schools, as
well as the town and village schools, will
be well represented. The exhibits will be
divided into eight groups. These are di
vided as follows:
Elementary education, including kindergar
ten, elementary grades, training and certifica
tion of teachers and continuation of »<*ool»
as evening schools, vacation schools and
schools for special training. '.•_._
Secondary education. Including h srh schon s
and academies, manual training high schools
and commercial hish schools. •_ '
Higher education. Including colleges and uni
versities, scientific, technical and engineering
schools, professional schools, libraries and mu-
B *lsp*cial Education In the nn« arts. Including
art schools and Institutes, schools and depart
ments of music, conservatories of music.
Special education in agriculture. Including
agricultural colleges and departments, experi
ment stations and instruction In forestry.
Special education in commerce and industry.
Vnder this head are grouped Industrial and
trade schools, business and commercial schools,
evening industrial schools and higher lnstruc
ticn in commerce.
Education of defectives, which takes In Insti
tutions for the blind, for the deaf and dumb
and for the feeble minded.
There is also a class for summer schools,
extension courses, scientific societies and
associations, educational publications,
school furniture and appliances, etc.
Mr. Furlong, with the sanction of the
advisory committee, has sent out 2000
copies of a pamphlet In which educators
will find instructions to guide them in
preparing exhibits to be sent to St. Louis.
H I I' l.l»M»;HlMt.fri..H"H"t"M"K"r"M'0
SQUADRON PRACTICE FIRING IN ORIENT
SHOWS THAT YANKEE GUNNERY EXCELS
DESIRED MATERIAL.
What is suitable material for a display
of California's school output? Mr. Fur
long answers in this manner:
All work from schools, whether of pupils In
elementary classes or of students la hUher
#ra,des or institutions, should be a faithful
representation of the curriculum. It should
comprise a series of lessons; extending, if pos
sible, throuth a month, a term, cr a year, In
A DEFINITE plan has been adopted
for the educational display that
California will make at the St.
Louis Exposition. This exhibit
will represent hundreds of thousands of
California children. Consequently it will
be of leading interest in the minds of all
parents of children of school age.
For the first time In the history of ex
positions, the St. Louis show will have
a large 'building devoted exclusively to
education. This huge structure will cover
seven acres of land. Side by side the
handiwork and the evidences of education
in all lands on which the sun shines will
be displayed. The reputation of Califor
nia for educational advancement has
given i^ the sixth place in the building,
as indicated by the space allotted to the
several States of the Union.
It has been determined by Robert Fur
long, the chief of the department of edu
cation for California at St. Louis, that
California shall display such material as
may best illustrate the different phases
of educational effort in the schools. The
material must come chiefly from the
schools. Historical monographs and offi
cial records will show the development
of the school system of this State, but
it is believed, so says Mr. Furlong, that
the work of pupils will best represent edu
cation in California at the present time.
This statement will appeal to thousands
of ambitious boys and girls throughout
the State. They will see in The Call thin
morning a picture of the splendid struc
ture at St. Louis in which their work
.will be placed.
MONDAY OCTOBER 1^903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor,
Addre» AflTcon^B n5au^nTt^ JOHN Mc^5JJJ^^
„ TELEPHONE. <J
Aslc for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
PCBUCATIOX OFFICE. . .Mnrket «nd Third, 5. F..
EDITORIAL ItOOMS 217 to 221 S*ov»nso» St.
Deilv«r«d by Carrier*, 20 Cta. Per Wtsek, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«ra» by Msii. Including Po*t*«» tCmah With Oder):
DAIX.T CAlX. (Jnclul'r.fr Sunday), one yecr JpSJXJ
DAIL.T CALL. (lacJwdlnr Sunday), « raonth*. • -••W>
DXILT CALL— By Slarle Mooth -
6CNDAT CALL. Oo« T«*r - 2 ' B< *
WEKKLT CALL. One Yew a -°°
f Dally... 9SJSO Per Tear Extra
rOStEIGN POST AGO < Bundiy- -*-15 P« Y«ar Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Yw Krtra,
All postmaater* are «ntb.o*««e«l t» receire
¦«l»scrlptloi»««
fiwapl* eoples will b« forwarded wfcea requested.
tUU subscribers 1b crterlns chanx* «* *<MrMS ibould bs
ptrUcukr to tf« both NEW AND OLD ALDRESS la order
to tasvra a prompt and correct compliance \rllfc t&eir request.
OAKUMJ OKFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
£148 Center Street Telephone Ifortfc 7T
C GEORGE KHOGSKSS, Manager Foreign Adver
tising-* Marqnette Building:, CnlcaffO.
(Leas Uistanca Telephoas "Cestral 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
'JUORTOS E. CHAJfK 14OC G Street, X. W.
/ JfEW YORK NETV3 STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. iircntaso, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel tnd Hoffman House.
BRJLKCIl OFFICES— 527 Montgoraej-y. corner cf Clay, open
coGl 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes. cp*n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock, eis Laxkln, open until
I>;3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2381
Market, coroer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. cc-ner Church and Duncan streets, open
catll 0 o'clock. N\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
open until » o'clock. 2200 Finmore. open until 9 o'clock.
In the pursuit of a career it is always well to be
tireless in effort and persistent in concentrated en
deavor. The bell-boy who robbed a guest a few
days ago fought with a policeman, tried to murder a
bank attache and otherwise conducted himself in a
villainous manner, demonstrated his complete fit
ness for a long residence in a penitentiary.
AT the. meeting to be held at Union Square Hall
this evening the Republican municipal cam
paign will be virtually opened. It is to be a
mass meeting of "business men," but the phrase is to
be understood in the broadest sense, including all
citizens who hold to the sound doctrine that our
municipal affairs should be administered oh business
principles by men of known business capacity and
experience. It is to be in no sense a class meeting.
The appeal and invitation for attendance runs to all
taxpayers and to ell who have any concern and inter
est in the raising and expenditure 'of public revenue
for the common good.
It will be recognired by all good citizens that it
is right and fitting the/Republican campaign should
be inaugurated under business auspices since the
issues of the time are distinctly of a business nature.
Under any and all circumstances there is need for the
exercise of financial skill, strict economy and* a high
order of "executive ability in the conduct of municipal
affairs, but at this juncture there is an added need for
such an administration owing to the relation the in
coming administration will have to the beginning of
the extensive public improvements for which the
people have just voted.
The Republican party presents to the voters of the
city a ticket that has been carefully made up of men
fitted to perform the duties of the offices to which
they have been nominated. It is therefore essentially
a business as well as a Republican ticket. It asks for
support on something more than partisan grounds
and can reasonably expect to have the co-operation
of all citizens who in municipal contests break away
from party ties and vote solely for those candidates
who can be safely counted on to serve their party by
serving the city honestly, faithfully and efficiently.
Experience has shown that in American politics it
is generally safe to estimate an entire ticket by the
character of the candidate chosen to lead it. If the
leader be the representative of a faction, or the tool
of a boss, it is almost sure to be the case that. other
candidates on the ticket will be subject to similar ob
jections; but if the leader be a strong, independent
and thoroughly reliable man one may be reasonably
sure that his colleagues will be worthy of the support
his leadership commands. The Republican ticket in
this case is no exception to that rule. Henry J.
Crocker needs no indorsement to the people of San
Francisco. He has been a business man prominent
among business men for many years. His name, his
work, his record and his character are familiar to all.
He stands as a representative of the best type of our
younger business men and has been rightly chosen to
lead a ticket that appeals to the intelligence of the
people by reason of the sterling quality of the men
who make it up.
The meeting at Union Square Hall this evening
will probably be the most significant single meeting
of the campaign and should be largely attended. The
interests at stake in the contest are the most im
portant from a financial point of view that have been
submitted to the voters of San Francisco for many
years, and as many citizens as possible should make it
a point to hear what Mr. Crocker has to say about
them, for all signs point to the conclusion that he will
be the next Mayor of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA'S EDUCATIONAL DISPLAY
AT WORLD'S EXPOSITION AT ST. LOUIS
of its 'burden or lease it with the same end in view.
It can only grant a franchise under the charter and j
receive in compensation a percentage of the gro8s re- \
celpts. This would not be enough to pay the annual
amount of interest.
We have also shown that if the city would grant
this franchise to a private individual or corporation
it would make a certain annual profit of $18,850. In
view of the fact that the city has just voted to bond
itself to an amount of $18,000,000, with a consequent
interest fund of $13,000,000, we submit that it is timely
and opportune for the taxpayer to regard as of some
importance the giving up of ari annual profit of over
$18,000 in order to undertake an enterprise that may
involve the loss of $40,000.
The duties of running this municipal government
already overtax the officials elected for that purpose.
The voting of the recent bond issue will impose ex
tensive additional burdens upon them. The building
of schoolhouses and sewers and the laying out of
parks will require all of the time and attention posfk
ble to be given to them by the municipal govern
ment. These officials have no time to enter upon a
new undertaking expensive and admittedly experi
mental. If the money recently voted is to be ex
pended wifely and economically it would be folly to
impose upon the city officials who are tp expend it a_
single burden not absolutely necessary for the exist
ence of the city government.
THE MEETING TO-NIOHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903.
4
Special Information supplied dally fa
business houses and pubUo men by th«
Pi«ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 23Q Catt"
fornla street. Telephone Main VHX •
Towosead-s California glace frolts and
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Csilbldi «Mass meeting: to-night. Alhambra The
ater/Eddy and Jones streets, In favor of
Geary-Btreet bonds. ,-... •
OROAN FOR ITALIAN CHURCH.— Saleslan
Council ; Y.' M.I., will give an entertainment
at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow evening, for
the benefit of a new organ for Sts. Peter's and
Paul's Church. The performance -will be re
peated on Thursday evening : at Salesian Hall
on Dupont street.
Preparations for Thanksgiving day have
already received consideration by the
Gaelic Athletic Association, the members
of which organization met last night at
Red Branch Hall under the presidency of
Rev. Father Phillip O'Ryan. It was de
cided that the games this year shall take
place at Ingleside race track, where there
are to be Gaelic athletic championship
events. The events. are to be open to all
amateurs of the coast and the games will
Irfclude hurling and football. There are
also to be hurling competitions in which
youths under 15 years of age may take
part. The next meeting of the associa
tion will be held Sunday night, October
IS at thesame hall. • •,
Prepare for Thanksgiving Day.
It is estimated that nearly all the pine
timber now growing In Minnesota (about
30,000.000 feet) will be cut arid marketed
within the next fifteen years.
Commissioner Erskine Recovers.
: ri!"t Commissioner M. C. Erskine ¦ nno nas
been 1U for the last two weeks with rheuma
t.sm. was on the water front yesterday mii-h
Jmproved 5n health.
N«vadan Arrives In Port.
a he Fte&msh!p Nevadan of the American-Ha
waiian line, from Honolulu, came into port Ian
right, a day ahead cf her scheduled time.
1 •
Nippon Maru Due To-Day.
1 ne < Tienia.! steamship Company's steamer
Nippon Maru. from Hongkong, via Honolulu is
due to-day.
? .
Eurasia Arrives.
The British th!p Eura»la. CapJain Hu K hen
came into port late yort'nUy, 152 days from
Antwerp, fche Is consigned to George W. Mc-
Near.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. October 4.
i^tmr Greenwood. Johnson. 17 hours from
Altiion.
£tmr Newsboy. Adler. 24 hours from Needie
Kock; b"und south ; put in to land passenger*
.Stmr Iaqua. Bontfield, 27 hours from Trinl-
J dad.
etmr Santa Monica, Olsen. 40 hours from
utwoente.
" lmr R*dondo. Krog. 3S hour* from San
J'«lro. f
Stmr Brunswick. Johnson. 17 hours from
Fort Brajrc.
V52S I- matma. No:>ander. 64 hours from
> k-toria and Pueet Sound port*.
T.ii7 r GlpF y- Lcland. 22 hours from Moss
landing.
Creek"" 13rook!} ' n ' v >"*lvig. 21 hours from Hardy
4r rt i5'~ Re!ner8 ' 20 hoar * from Eureka.
«3o.ndo Coast. Olsen, 44 hours from Re
•k!™ £ uUorl - L**. « »">urs from San Pedro.
Mlcha-1 ' Jchn » on . 12 &*yt from Et
rrom m Honolu°u an - 7 **" 18 hoan
An1werp ! . P ""«*«' 1M **» «™
Hno rk Maftha DaviB ' McAlm <>n. 23 day. fronx
SAILED.
k,~- , Saturday. October 3.
a.™- c . *, Sunday. October 4.
Stmr Fanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego
SJJ?: onlt f- Alberts, fen Pedro
r^ £' WSb0> ' A< Jl*r, San Pedro,
btmr Corona, Johnson. Eureka
K^r U i°, enl l' OdIan< l. Mcndocinn
pfSr iV^boro. Fosen, Greenwood
el™ A Jr"' Carl8 "n. Greenwood.
bVTm^'t tnaWt Storns - Tacoma.
Fr bark nST?S'* ll f lhl1 *' peattle - London.
rr bark Dupleix, Lemcr:e, Queeastown.
We give you the best value in trunks,
suit cases and traveling supplies in the
city. Look over our leather goods depart
ment and be convinced. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market St. •
Trunks and Suit Cases.
Th« steamer Brunswick, bound from Fort
Bragg for this port, had a close call yesterday
morning when the wsf off Point Reyes. She
carried an unusually Mg deck load of lumber
T, h .L Oh T a fJ ft * h ''V' n wfth cabIW! " nfl chains!
Although the weather wag orsnparattvely favor
able, there was a heavy swell on. which caused
the tcp heavy vessel to ro!I tremendously Sud
denly, while almost on he r \+e.m ends, the deck
load ehift*d and several thousand feet went
overboard, which allowed tier to right hcrnelf
.and prevented her from turning turtle Her
forward rigging and gear w«»re badly damared
It was reported that one at the crew named
i>rl Olsen. had his foot badly crushed at the
time cf the accident.
Brunswick Loses Cargo
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
Newnuru Grays* Harbur [Oct B
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Oct. 5
SanMateo.... Tacoma Cci 5
¦Argo Kel River Ports Oct. 6
State of <"al.. San Diego & Way Pts..|Oct. 5
Coos Bay fan Pedro & Way Pts. . Oct 6
Nippon Maru. China & Japan Oct 5
Czarina.: ("oos Bay |Oct! 6
1'nmcna Huniboldt Oct 5
Tel I u« Oyster Harbor |Oct. 6
I'dlth Seattle Oct 0
M. Dollar p a n Pedro Oct! 6
ChehalU Graj's Harbor Oct. 0
G. Llndaucr.. Grays Harbor Oct. «
b. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Oct. 0
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma |Oct. «
Alliance Portland & Way Pts Oct. 7
£ a , n e New York via Panama.. Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Centralia f: a n Pedro Oct 7
A , r V a t. il -; Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford.. Oct. 7
Del iNorte Crescent City oct 8
Santa Rosa... Fan Diego & Way Pu.. Oct. 8
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 8
<-omna. Humboldt Oct H
Arizonan v v via. Pt i^. u iV,.J" <-> » !>
S a Fork::: fSS^^^M r }& I
f^uebia.7 a- f oun p Po -rts:::- : B
¦~ —^ ___^ ............. vjcl. .10
TO SAIL.
Stumer. Destination. | jSails.1 1 pleTT
~ t~ ™ Oetober.5. ~ ~"
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
_ , October «.
n " r(jka Humboldt 9 flm pu. „
S. Barbara. Lo 9 Angeles Ports. 10 Im P& "
October 7.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier 8
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm P er 2
Arctic...... Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 0 aS Pier *
Centralia... Grays Harbor . 4 pS Pier 10
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1*30™ Per 9
I'°ric 1 China & Japan.... lpm Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 Im Pier 19
S. Portland Astoria & Portland fl pm P er 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
October S.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 18
State of Cal Ran Diego A Way. ft am Pier 19
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 19
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Uroatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Octol>««F O.
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& PL Orford 12 m Pier 13
October 10.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
October 11.
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
October 12.
N. Fork Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
October 13.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 14.
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October IB.
N. Maru China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
Callfomlan. New York 3 pm Pier 23 I
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ] For. ~~. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct 6
Bertha Valdez Sc Way Ports. Oct 7
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports OctI 8
Oregon Nome /....Oct. 10
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way , Ports Oct.- 13
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Santa Ana, . . . Cooks Inlet & AVay Pts Oct. 16
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 22
Fchr Ludlow, Tomstrom. Port Townsend.
6chr Ida A. Beck, Point Reyes.
Fchr Newark, l'.einertsen. Walshs Landing.
6chr Bessie K. Mi-rrlam, San Vicente Land
ing.
SPOKEN.
Per «tmr Nevadan— Oct 1, lat ."2 30 N. Ion
137 W. stmr China, from San Francisco, fcr
China and Japan. _."«V ,
Oct 2, lat 33 4" N. Ion 133 53 "tt . Fr hark
Jane Ouillon. from Antwerp, for San Fran
cieco: wlf-hed to be reported all well.
Oct 4. lat 37 09 N, Ion 125 2S W, passed a
bark bound north.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 4, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind W. velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Railed Oct 3— Ftmr Brook
lyn, tor Fan Francisco.
TATOOPH — Paused in Oct 4 — Ship Occiden
tal, from Dutch Harbor, for Seattle; utmr Lee
lanaw, from Nome, fcr Seattle; Nor stmr Ti
tania. from fian Diego, for Nanaimo; Hr ship
Elieve Havn. hence Sept 12. for Tacoma.
Passed out Oct 4 — Schr iiolano, for Walla
roo; Ftmr Senator, from Seattle, for Nome.
POL'TII BEND— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Rival,
hence Ort 1.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed Oct 4— Schr Ivy, for
San Fraiicieco.
Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr Arcata, hence Oct 2.
CAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr Manda
lay, from San Dleeo: stmr Aureiia, from Eu
reka: strr.r ilarshfleld, from Hardy Creek.
Sailed Oct i — Stmr Mandalay, nr San Fran
cisco.
FEATTLE— Failed Oct 4— STtmr Al-KI. for
Ekagway.
Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr N«"bra?kan, hence Oct I.
BANDON — Arrived Oct 4— Schr Ruby, hence
Srpt 22. •
I'OKT TOWNSEND — SailM Oct 4 — Br bark
Falkirk. from Vancouver, for Car>e Town.
Passed In Oct 4 — Schr Columbia, from San
Pedro; scbr Alice, from Bristol Bay.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 4 — Echr Sailer
Boy, hence Sept lfl; nchr Volant, hence Sept 18.
Sailed Oct 4 — Stmr Chehalis, for San Fran-
ClBCO.
ISLAND rORT.
HONOLULU— Hailed Oct A— Ship Dlrlgo, for
Delaware Breakwater; Br bark ForfaTshire,
for British Columbia. . •
FOREIGN PORT.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 3 — Schr llahukona,
from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Syra
cuse, from Santos and Victoria; anchored in
quarantine lam.
SCILLY— Passf.1 Oct 4— Stmr Bremen, from
New York, for Bremen
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 4 — Etmr Umbria,
from New York, via Queenstown; etmr Cym
ric, from New York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr Bavarian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Hailed Oct 4— Stmr Columbia, from Glasgow,
for New York.
BOi:i»GNE-SUR-MER— Failed Ocl 3— Etmr
Ptatendam. from Rotterdam, for New York,
and passtd Isle of Wight Oct 4.
f. Amerjr the passen«r«?r« who came into port
yesterday on the fteAmship Umatilla teas
Charles Fetcher. a laborer, who was taken in
sane the day the eteamer left Victoria. The
ye*£*l had hardly grot out to sea when It
was discovered that FVtrher had lost hie reason.
As ne oia not show any tigrs cf violence the
officers allowed him to remain in his cabin
taking thp rrpoaution to look the door out«lde
of which a guard *a« placed. Suddenly he was
taken w-.th a violent attack, and. smashing
down the door, rushed out on the drck and
clajsnered up to the bridge. 6houting that oeonle
were trying to kill him. A? soon a.« he reached
rtne fcrlfirf his attack seemed to leave him. He
crawled down Into a corner and there quietly
remained until the *hip reached port On «/
.rival her« he was s*nt to the Central Hospital,
*ut as n» hai apparently rerovere-d his facul
ties he was allowed to depart
Passenger Goes Insane
Movements of Steamers.
fourth time column jrivps th* last tides of the
day. except when th«re are but three tides, as
sometimes oocurs. The heights nrlven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Purvey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
meets to-day to elect officers for ,the
ensuing- year, and it is believed that
Southern California Is scheduled for the
most Important offices.
The second day's meeting will occur at
Century Hall, when the details of the
prc-at charity ball to be given at the new
ballroom at the Palace Hotel on the 23d
will be discussed. From all Indications,
the funds from that affair— which from a
social standpoint promises to rank any
function of the early fall— will prove am
ple for the endowment of hospital beds
for the men who wore the Cray.
CLUB WOMAN AT WHOSE
HOME DAUGHTERS OF CON
FEDERACY WILL MEET.
TO-DAY the Daughters of the Con
federacy will meet in annual con
vention at the home of the presi
dent of the Alfred Sydney John
ston Chapter, Mrs. Alfred Hunter
Voorhies on California street. The organ
ization is of comparatively recent birth
j In the West, the first chapter this side of
the Rockies— the Albert Sydney Johnston
— having been created a very few years
ago. when Mrs. Helen S. Wright, conceiv
ing the necessity of organized effort for
the benefit of friendless Confederate veter
ans, issued a call to many representative
Southern women In this city. Seven pat
riotic daughters of the South, caught by
the spirit that inspired the call, re
sponded, and from that nucleus the or
panization has grown in just proportion
to its worthy objects— that of caring for
friendless soldiers of the South, of mark
ing decently the graves of those who fell
in a cause they felt to be right, and of
gathering certified data of the unhappy
war by actual personal knowledge.
"Our principal object — our vital object,"
said Mrs. Voorhies, "Is the care of these
old men of the South. Many of them in
the old days were of independent fortune,
men of culture, education and position,
but now are wholly dependent in their de
clining years. We do not exist to 'keep
up the sentiment,' as has been ridiculous
ly asserted, but to do for the Southern
Rolditrs what our national Government is
doing for the Union soldiers— that and the
marking of their graves when they shall
have passed away. This is a duty we owe
these men— we, the daughters of the
Southland."
Inspired by these views the convention
Captain John Metcalfe went out parly
in the day and pave his personal super
vision to the management of affairs. The
bark is now sliphtiy listed to the star
board at an angle of about twenty de
grees oceanward.
Th<- tugs Relief and Alert also went to
the scene and will he kept in calling- dis
tance s-o they can be on hand when their
assistance will be needed.
'Everything went smoothly on the way
qut. but on tho return trip they encoun
tered a rough and choppy sea. which
U>ssed the little boat around like a cocKle
•shell. They derided the best plan was to
try to get aboard th»* Gilford, aJid, with
•this idea in view, attempted to pull their
frail craft around the bark's stern and
bparfl her on the port side. Just when
they were making the turn a great wave
• hashed against the stranded bark and the
rebound struck the Mini! boat with great
force and ewamped it.
• . For a few minutes boat and occupants
were completely lost to view in the surg
ing of the now raging sea. Finally an
other great wave came thundering along
and on its creast were seen the three men
dinging to the capsized boat. In the
meantime the eye-witnesses on shore were
tryir-g to launch a boat to go to the res
cue, but the waves were running so high
that they found it impossible. The men
on the upturned boat hung on to the keel
with deathlike tenacity, and after being
tossed about for nearly half an hour were
buffeted near enough to the shore so that
the- men o:i the btaeh could wade out
and null them on the eands.
A- great crowd had collected on the
shore, and by the application of restora
tives and rolling: tho sufferers on the
sands they were soon restored sufficiently
to enable them to move about. Dry
< >othes wore provided and Bishop and
Page came into town, but Captain Wood
side Flayed ai the heath to superintend
the work nf setting things in shape to
begin the unloading of the cargo.
As matters look now chances seem pood
for the saving of the ship. The weather
was good yesterday iind the barge was
again towed out and placed alongside.
Donkey were put on board and
rv«?ryth!r.? is now in readiness to begin
to jettison the cargo at daybreak this
morning. The barge carried out a hip
gan£ of men and every possible appliance
of every kind and description to assist in
dislodging the vessel from her present
rocky bed.
<%ptain Alexander Woodside, J. A.
Bishop and Charles Page were capsized
In" the heavy surf and cazno near being
drowned while they were attempting to
board the stranded bark Gifford, near
Mussel Rock, yesterday. Captain Wood
side, who is president of the Pacific
.Stevedoring and Ballasting Company, had
been awarded a contract by Captain Met
oalfe, Lloyd's marine surveyor, to float
the'Gifford. Yesterday while engaged in
his preparations for jettisoning the cargo
of coaJ he found it necessary to commu
nicate with Captain Metcalfe, who was
en board the tug Relief, anchored about
half a mile off shore, where the tug was
placing the kfdge anchors that are to be
used as soon as the stranded vessel is
relieved of her cargo of coal.
Captain Woodside took a small shore
¦Boat, and, :n company with B^hop. who
is manager of the Parifir Coast Adjust
ing Company, and young Page, rowed out
to the Relief.
It is gossip In political circles that
George H. Bahrs will be placed on the
Republican ticket for Assessor. The
committee will meet to-morrow evening.
The Democrats will hold a mass-meet
ing at the Alhambra Theater on Wednes
day evening. James V. Coleman will pre
side, and Franklin K. Lane and many
other prominent candidates for city
offices will address the gathering.
It is believed that many Democratic
business men will lend their support to
Henry JJ Crocker in this campaign. As
surances of such support are hourly re
ceived at Republican headquarters.
This evening Henry J. Crocker will ad
dress the people of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District at Richmond Hall, cor
ner of Fourth avenue and Clement
street. He will also speak at the business
men's meeting in Union Square Hall on
Post street-
These figures establish the fact beyond
doubt that San Francisco contains 28,000
Republican voters. The Democratic vote
on a party test does not exceed 23.000.
The Socialists number 2000 voters. Re
publican leaders predict that Henry J.
Crocker will get at least 23,000 " votes.
Careful politicians estimate that the
Union Labor party can rally 15,000 voters.
It Is figured that 10,000 can be drawn from
the Democratic fold and 5000 from the
Republican camp. This reduces the nor
mal Democratic strength from 25,000 to
15,000 and diminishes the Republican
strength from 28,000 to 23,000.
CITY IS REPUBLICAN.
In the Democratic camp the Horse and
Cart leaders are elated over what they
are pleased to term, the defeat of McNab.
Outsiders note the fact that tranquillity
came as soon as the rule of three—"addi
tion, division and silence" — was adopted.
Politicians of the old regime still con
tend that San Francisco is a Democratic
town, notwithstanding the fact that the
10,000 majority for McKinley in 1900
brought the Republican banner to the
city. The election returns of 1902 clearly
prove that the city is Republican. Dr.
Pardee did not get his party vote be
cause many hostile elements in the party
knifed him. For Secretary of State
Charles F. Curry received 30,753 votes,
against 24.017 for his adversary, Alex
Rosborough. No doubt Mr. Curry's vote
was greater than the actual voting
strength of the party and it was account
ed for on the ground of local acquaint
ance. Colgan, Republican candidate for
Controller, received 29,428 votes, against
23.3S2 for Frederick Harkness, the Dem
ocratic nominee. For Treasurer Truman
Reeves, Republican, got 28,572 votes and
S. H. Brooks, Democrat, 24,557. The vote
for Attorney General was surely a fair
test of party strength, as both candidates
resided outside of San Francisco and no
special light was made on behalf of
either. U. S. Webb, the Republican, ob
tained 28,218 votes and W. A. Gett, the
Democrat, 24,803. For Surveyor General
Victor H. Wood, Republican, got 27,612
votes and Charles H. Holcomb. Democrat,
25,25!). For Superintendent of Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk, Republican, se
cured 28,903 votes and his Democratic op
ponent 23,332.
DEFEAT OF McNAB.
It did not escaDe the observation of
workingmen that the recent Schmitz-
Parry-Ruef Union Labor Convention at
Pioneer Hall contained a large representa
tion of city office-holders and job-chasers.
It is common talk In labor circles that
the candidates on the Republican ticket
are the only candidates before the people
that pay "fair" prices for making and dis
playing campaign banners.
Republican leaders are informed that
many well-known labor union men, team
sters, expressmen, clerks, porters, long
shoremen and others, have resolved to
give Mr. Crocker their open support in
this campaign and to vote for him on
election day, basing their preference on
the ground that he is a better jfriend of
labor than any other candidate now be
fore the people. The knowledge that Re
publican workingmen have determined to
assert their Independence of bosses causes
consternation in the midnight councils of
Rucf, Parry and Schmitz.
Business men who favor the election of
Henry J. Crocker to the office of Mayor
of San Francisco are cordially invited to
attend the meeting at Union Square Hall
on Post street this evening. No special
invitations have been issued. Republican
business men and others who are im
pressed with the belief that the affairs of
the city should be administered accord
ing to the spirit of the charter are asked
to come forward and sign the roll of the
Crocker Club. There are indications that
the meeting will be largely attended and
that an effective organization of active
men to promote the prosperity of the city
will be established.
Myles McCarthy and Miss Aida Wool
cott, In "The Race Tout's Dream," were
interrupted several times by encores.
They are a clever, pair and have made a
decided hit in this city. The "tout" dia
lect fetches the audience from the first
and few people on the stage can deliver
it more precisely than can McCarthy.
Paulo and Dike, in "A French Frappe";
Al Carleton and Williard Terre, in "A
Strlngtown Yap," and the great Alexius,
in astonishing bicycle work, complete the
bill.
Of Arthur Cunningham, the operatic
barytone, little need be said in the way
of Introduction. He is. too well known
and too popular with the theater-goers of
San Francisco to need praise in print.
Yesterday he discarded the paint and wigs
of tho opera characters and came from
the wings as himself. When he stepped
out he was cheered and it is sufficient to
say that he was obliged to discontinue
encores on account of the length of the
programme. . ''• >
The Golden Gate Quartet, with Fanny
Wlnfred in songs and quick changes, is
composed of people who are stars in
specialties. Their singing was of the best
and their team dancing brought down the
house. They appeared in every manner of
costume, including Chinese, and their
singing Impersonations could not be beat.
The Pantzer trio, assisted by Mrs. Carl
Pantzer, opened with a new comedy act,
"A Gymnast's Parlor Amusement." The
contortion work was marvelous and the
acrobatic turns were graceful and diffi
cult.
The Orpheum may always be relied
upen for a good show, but yester
day's performance was in the superlative
degree, so far as excellence is concerned.
There are acts from the cream of vaude
ville. Every feature is a show in Itself
and such an aggregation of stars can sel
dom be found on a single programme.
It is a most difficult matter for an audi
ence to classify the acts from a stand
point of pleasure. Each is of a different
character, but distinct novelty is brought
out and smiles or attention alternate as
the curtain rises on comedy or the seri
ous. It was one succession of high-class
amusement from the start to the finish.
Vivacious Marie Stuart and Clftyton
White, assisted by Pauline Taylor, appear
in a one-act comedy, "Paris." Few
sketches are any better. It sparkles with
good things from start to finish. The plot
is original and the acting splendid. Miss
Stuart, as Mrs. Dickey Waldorg of Paris,
London and New York, introduced ver
sitality that has not been seen since the
engagement of Elfie Fay. White appears
in two roles and does each to perfection.
He makes a typical ward heeler and as
Judge Metropole leaves no wrong impres
sion of a "man of the world."
The present minstrel company has some
very good voices in its ranks and some
clever specialty artists. George W. Jen
kins and James H. Sadler are good tenor
singers, and Aubrey Pringle is a young
basso who gives promise of making a
good reputation, for he certainly has 'a
splendid voice. George Jones, Fred May,
John King and Charles E. Gano rendered
a number of amusing songs and duets and
actually sprung a number of new Jokes.
J. A. Probst is a wonderful Imitator of
birds and animals, and the daring feats
of Kartell! on a slack wire evoked loud
plaudits.
* The choruses were up to the usual
standard and the Instrumental music up
to the average. The stage settings and
costumes are good to look upon and the
company Is likely to attract large audi
ences during the week.
West's Minstrels presents the usual ag
gregation of solo singers and variety per
formers, with a wildly absurd "after
piece," that causes laughter more on ac
count of the ludicrous antics of th© per
formers.
West's Minstrels at the California The
ater last night were greeted by an audi
ence that filled every seat in the audito
rium and overflowed into the foyer.
. The audience enjoyed the programme of
variety presented and the company
worked hard and was rewarded with con
siderable applause.; The- makeup of the
organization is on the same lines as seen
in previous years. There Is nothing of
the old style minstrelsy, when scenes of
the lives of the colored people were real
istically presented.
Nowadays a minstrel company, with
few exceptions, does not deign to blacken
up, and as for buck and wing dances and
plantation melodies, they are unknown.
"Under Two Flags," a play ¦which has
always thrilled San Francisco theater
goers, was revived at the Grand Opera
house by the Neill Company Ia3t night.
The vast throng which greeted the pro
duction was well satisfied. It was re
ceived with that enthusiasm which it de
served and several curtain calls were
given the favorites.
James NeUl and hia well balanced com
pany played the piece as well as it was
ever given in this city. The strong
points in the great drama were well
brought out and the scenic effects were
more than up to the standard. James
Neill in the role cf Bertie Cecil came in
for a most generous share of the ap
plause, as he usually does, and his Inter
pretation of this role is certainly good.
Miss Edythe Chapman as Cigarette
made an impression on the audience that
will last. She more than did Justice to
the part and carried it with that vim
and dash that made Blanche Bates fam
ous in the role. Mi3s Chapman was called
before the curtain on several occasions
and during the entire play was the cen
tral figure.
The rest of the company were equally
good in the many role3. Donald Bowles,
Reginald Travers, Clifford Dempsey and
Edith Campbell all came, in for their
share of the applause at different times.
The play is one that has always been
much admired and seeing it acted by the
Nflll Company is a pleasure that should
not be missed. -
Steamship Brunswick Loses
a Portion of Her
Cargo.
Show at Orpheum One of
Best E rev Seen at
Tha; House.
Gossip That George H. Bahrs
Will Be Named for
Assessor.
Overturned Beneath.
Stern of Stranded
Bark Giflbrd.
West's Minstrels Open
in Merry Vein at
California.
Plans for Meeting To-
Night at Union
Square HalL
WRECKERS FIGHT
WAVES FOR LIFE
BUSINESS MEN
FAVOR CROCKER
NEILL PRESENTS
THE OUIDA PLAY
United Etatcs Coast and Geodetic Survev
Time and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Tolnt. entrance to San
Ftancipeo Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hleh and low waters occur at
th» city front fMleslon-etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the came at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 5.
Sun rises 6:08
Sun gets 6:4s
Moon sets 5:02 a. m.
O [Time! (Tlmel I Time |Tlme|
* 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft.
? |L W| |H W - |L W JH W|
~E 4:151 1.2! 10:00 6.21 4:43 1.1!11:M Tst
0 4:4S| 1.3 11:15 5.3] 5:20 O.s;il:o0 6.0
7 B:22' l.till:42 5.3 5:57 0.0! j
H W IL W |H W (L W
8 0:43 • 4.8! 5:50 1.9 12:10 5.4 0:35 0.2
9 1:33 4.S| <i:.T7 2.2!l2:r.O 5.4 7:22 0.1
10 2:27 4.6 7:20 2.6 l:30| fi.3| 8:15| 0.1
11 3:27 4.5 8:12 2.8 2:17| 5.2| 9:14| 0.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tidtv of ; the
flay In the order of occurrence as to time; the ;
THE SAN FBANCISC.O CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5/ 1903.
0
Daughters of Confederacy Make Plans for
Comfort of Homeless Veterans and to
Mark the Graves of Those Who Fell
WOMEN OF SOUTHLAND
TO HOLD CONVENTION
5
¦ APVTBTISEMEHT8.
¦ ¦> * n "^
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no ;
substitutes. Address
• RE r /Valuable Booklet «n the
""?\tr«aHiiBBt of dl«em»«>«.
RAD WAY'S IlSADV RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public (or DO years w* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, ; Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, - Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drue*UU.
AMUSEMENTS.
Beginnin]fTO-NIGHT
Every Night, Including Sunday.
MATIXEE SATUUDxlY OM/I'.
John C. Fisher and Thomaa W. Ryley Present
THE WOm.D'S HDSICAIi HIT,
"With the Tio. 1 Xevr York Company.
Magnificent Heautr Sextette.
Chorus ot Seventy.
P|f RADIANT "VAUDEVILLE......
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Pantzer Trio; Arthur
Cunningham; Golden Gate Quar-
tette and Fanny Winfred; Myles
McCarthy, Assisted by Aida Wool-
| cott; the Great Alexius; Carlton
and Terre; Paulo and Dika and
new Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
¦ and Opera Chairs. 50c.
C"Ab§FQRNI/\
I j TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS ]Js«|
I WEEK. IJr \
The Win. H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
m* Funny Comedians.
Ul J Star VoeallBU.
rjlf Clever Specialists.
Powerful Male Chorus.
And the great feature — the burlesque
Olio finale —
THE WIZARD OF BOZ.
Daily street Darade at noon.
IAEBJ Sunday— Ed Garvle as iBCi.
S 8 8 MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET. R »
IheatkD!
BELASCO * MAYER. Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-N'IGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success ot
L. R. STOCKWELL.
Flret Time at Popular Prices In Du Souchet'a
Greatest Comedy,
"My Friend From India."
All the Central Favorites In the Cast.
pBlfCC Evenings 10c to 6Oc
rnlWEJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Week of October 12— '•THE MIDNIGHT
BELL."
ALCAZAR
General Manager.
FAREWELL. WEEK OP
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco'i Dramatic Triumph,
ZAZA
Evg., 25 to 75c; Mats. Thurs. A Sat.. 15 to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With ADELE BLOCK and JAMES DURKIN.
First time Hero cf Plnero'a Comedy Drama,
LADY BOUNTIFUL
SEAT SALE THIS MORNING.
Last Symphony Concert
FRITZ SCHEEL, Conductor.
S. F. Symphony Orchestra
70 MUSICIANS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TUESDAY, Oct 6th, 3:15 p. m. ,
PROGRAMME.
Beethoven's "Leonora" overture. No. 3.
Schubert's 10th Symphony. C Major.
H. J. Stewart's suite from "Monteauma."
F. Liszt'* "Rhapsody Honrroise." No. 2.
5ol. C Vl. °<1 K?%X$T™ n & "^ FTiCt ''
Al lABsf^i Ammunition. Huntlrg aed
¦ "lllllV Sporting Goods. Laxs«»t
¦ ¦I fi Hll itock. Lowest prices. S*nJ
¦ «!¦¦ t0T catalogue.
V V S V SHREVE A BARE2H CO..
~. 73i» Market si. and ill
Keaxny st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Something New in Shirts
Here is a novelty pattern in fall shirts. You might call it a frosted
effect. The OTounds come in blue, greea or tan and the frosted colors,
which are black or white, run obliquely across the material. The pic-
turc gives a fair idea.
The goods are Garner's best percale and are therefore fast colored.
The making is superb. The shirts are cut to fit. Thev feel comfort-
able and the sleeves are the risrht length. They are as Rood shirts as
you want for business wear. Our price is
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
740 Market Street
A2ITJSEMEJTT3L
Iwoura
(NOTE — Performances Resin at S Sharp, B»tur^
day Matinee at 2 Sharp.)
TO-NIGHT
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Nlghta,
Puccini's Ever Popular Opera,
"LA BOH EM E."
Tueidar. Thursday and Sunday Nights. Satur-
day Matlne*.
Verdi's Magnificent Production,
"OTELLO."
ALWAYS THE SAME PRICES— 25c, 50e, 73c.
Telephone Bc?h 9.
MATINEES THURSDAY, SATTmDAT, STN-
DAY.
The Dramatic f~ennat.cn of the City.
— LA&T SIX NIGHTS—
JAMES 1NEILL
Elaborate Production of the Most Successful
Dramatic Version of Oulda's Celebrated Novel.
UMDER TWO FLAGS
¦ With EDYTHE CHAFMAN »s CIOABXTTX.
PPtpCC EVENINGS 15c, 25c. 80c. 78o
rillULO MATINEES 15c, 25c. 50o
Children Under 5 Years Not Admitted During
Mr. Nelll's Engagement.
Btgiaaiaf Next Saadty Mttinu. October 11th.
BOTtlWELL BBOWNE JCVENILS COMPANY ef
150 la Barleujue Extrtngtaia Cleopatra.
A GREAT EVENT
TO-3TCGHT 1
AN ENTIRE CHANGE OTT BILL.
FIRST TIME HERE.
-.1*.T.£?I -^ ** ** "<ad>hr's'.' ; *"
A Brilliant Musical Omedj. "*"•"*
ENTIRE MVSIC
NEW SONO3
1 SCENETVT
COSTUMES
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL,
i BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFTELn BLAKE.
HARRY HEUMSEX,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
FISCHER AND WACKEB,
LARKINS AND PATTERSON
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Innpect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
AMATETJB NIGHT TXUB39AT. |
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoninr Ask for "The Chutea,"
Paianp D( wt pail to
raiau; gee bMtttifol
j COURT Lounging
ft fill room, the EMPIRE
UliU PARLOR, the
C - « - A PALM ROOM, the
liniflQ LOUIS XV PAR.
UIUI1U LOR, and the LA-
H A i A t rt DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
RBPflHflSv ions fl^^vs utt MfiS^fijBSS
k)m fisSE7 **• \m Pjj-T Es^kttb^^v^si
e9 V B ESS Beil BB bbS9 D 0 tOrts*
dpERCES
%*£? FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
1 Mi FOR WEAK WOMEN, ,
Weekly Call, $1 per Yearas a mark, and back to the committee
boat, anchored In the cove. Amons the
twenty-footers the fin-keel sloop Ruby
took first place, the catboat Surprise be
ing second, Macfarlane's boat third and
the John Norby, sailed by Commodore E.
F. Sager. fourth. In the fifteen-foot class
the sloop Venture sailed by F. E. Schober.
took first place.. A fairly strong breeze
and an ebb tide brought the fleet back
to moorings In good season.
Mass meeting to-night. Alhambra The
ater, Eddy and Jones streets, in favor of
Geary-street bonds. .--•
The match game between Henry Russ
and Louis Levy was won by the latter by
a score of 21-19, 21-13. Levy's fast toss
and better condition won him the match.
The Olympic Club hard handball court
was crowded with enthusiasts yesterday
afternoon. James Fitzgerald, the cham
pion of the world, played Al. Hampton
and Jack Bonnet, and was defeated in the
final game. Bonnet was out of form, but
showed signs of old-time skill. Hampton
did marvelous work and was applauded.
Fitzgerald was not in the best of shape.
Score 21-18, 17-21. 21-17.
T^evy Defeats Henry Buss.
From fifteen to twenty yachts of the
Corinthian fleet accompanied Commodore
E. F. Sager's flagship Edna Saturday
night to Paradise Cove, where the sailors
went ashore and gathered around a huge
bonfire. Clam chowder and other refresh
ments were served.
Yesterday morning several other yachts
of the Corinthian and San Francisco fleets
cruised to the cove. Among the yachts in
the upper bay were the sloops Edna. Aeo
lus, Presto, Meteor, Queen. Emma. Genes
ta, Freda, Emllie, Discovery, Ruby,
Speedwell, Doris, Thelma, Halcyon, Alice,
Mlgnon, Sans Souci, Mischief, Harpoon
and Fawn, the schooners White Wings,
Chlspa. Bonita and Wave, the yawls
Seven Bells, Frolic, Arcturus, Royal and
Phyllis.
Small-yacht races were held under the
management of the regatta committee of
the Corinthian Club. The small craft
were divided into two classes, twenty
footers and slxteen-footers. The twenty
footers sailed from Paradise Cove to and
around Red Rock and back to the cove,
while the fifteen-footers sailed to Corin
thian Cove, where a launch was anchored
Buby Wins in Twenty-Foot Class,
and Venture Captures First
Place Among 15-Footers,
CORINTHIANS HOLD
SMALL-YACHT BACES
SUMMARY OP BOWLING.
Bowler—. Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick.
Dr. O. N. Taylor... 72 23 2 1
H. C. Casldy 54 20 2 1
E. H. Lannowe.... 24 25 0 0
W. G. Fortmann 72 31 4 1
W, PetheHck 84 40 2 2
F. Bennion 48 17 3 2
D. Jamieson 42 17 1 1
H D. Bowly 12 2 0 0
A. W. Wilding 12 IS 0 0
Lannowe bowled 1 wide, Fortmann 2 and
Petherick 4.
For eight wickets 219
Runs at the fail of each wtcket — One for 40.
two for 42. three for 56, four for 80. five for
80 six for 88, seven for 114, eight for 192.
Total W
Runs at th« fall of each wicket — One for 0.
two for 21, three for 68. four for 76, fire for 76.
¦ix for 77. seven for 80, elsht for 95, nln« for
99. ten for 99. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLING. |
Bowler — Balls. Runs. Maid. Wick.
B. Peteraen 72 23 1 6
B. Kortlang 58 37 1 4
E. H. Wilkes 24 16 — 0
P. R. Johns 42 16 2 1
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY CRICKET CLUD.
E. G. Sloman, c. Langdale, b. Taylor 1
P. R. Johns, b. Fortmann 33
T. J. A. Tledemann, c. Taylor, b. Casldy... 12
H. Roberts, b. Bennlon 14
E. Petersen, c. and b. Jamieson 18
H. Dlxon. c. Langdale, b. Bennion 0
E. H. Wilkes, c. subs., b. Petherlck 02
E. J. Stratton, c. suba., b. Petherick 14
B. Kortlang, not out 44
T. J. A. Tledemann. not out 4
H. B. Richardson, did not bat ,.... 0
Byes 9. leg byes 2, wides 7 18
PACIFIC CKICKKT CLUB. 1
A. W. Wlldlne. not out 46
E. H. Lannowe, c. Stratton. b. Petersen.. 0
H. D. Bowly. c. Richardson, b. Kortlang 3
E. T. Langdale. 1. b. w.. b. Petersen 29
Dr. O. N. Taylor, b. Petersen '. 0
T. W. Tetley, b. Petersen 0
W. Petherlck, c. Dlxon. b. Johns 1
H. C. Casldy, c. Tledemann Jr.. b. Petersen 3
D. Jamieson. c. Petersen. b. Kortlang 7
F. Bennlon. st. Richardson, b. Kortlantf. . 0
"W. O. Fortmann, c. Richardson, b. Kortlang: 1
Byes 2, leu byes 4, wide 1 7
San Francisco County eleven won the
last match of the cricket season with the
greatest ease yesterday from the Pacific
Club on the ground at Webster street,
Alameda. The Pacific captain lost the
toss and his team was sent to the wickets
first. Only two of the batsmen. Wilding
(46, not out), and Langdale (29) proved
able to do anything against the bowling
of Petersen and Kortlang. Wilding played
an excellent inning, going in first and
carrying his bat almost without giving a
chance. He was ably seconded by Lang
dale, but the rest of the team collapsed,
the innings closing for 99 runs.
Richardson put hla men in in reverse
order and' did not bat himself, but 219 runs
were scored for the loss of eight wickets,
Wilkes making 62, Kortlang 44 not out.
and Johns 32. Nine of the Pacific team
tried their hands with the ball. Bennlon
taking two wickets for 17 runs. The full
details are shown in the table: . j
Frank Mitchell beat Herbert Schmidt. 6-4:
Merle Johnson tied Schmidt. 6-4. 3-6. 3-6. 7-5;
Harry Punr.ett beat Charles Kueltn. 6-4. 7-5;
6-3; Will Allen beat W. S. MacGavtn. 9-7;
Harry Gabriel beat Harry McAfee, 6-1, 6-0:
Dr. Noble and Gabriel beat W. S. Dole and
Dr. Lovegrove, 7-5: Loveprove beat Doie.
13-11; Robert Drolla lx»at McAfee, 6-3. rt-4;
Schmidt and Johnson beat Gardner and Mitch
ell. 8-6; E. P. Robbins beat E. SDrlne. H-4.
6-4. 6-2, tt-0. 7-5. 6-2: Gardner tied Harry
Halght. 6-4. 4-«; Mitchell beat Chet Smith.
6-4. 6-2. 6-3; Grant Smith beat Allen. 6-2. P-2.
6-4. 4-6; Will Collar beat Harry Rolfe. C-2;
Schmidt beat Gardner. C-3.
A large crowd turned out at the Cali
fornia* courts and many good matches
were played. The best match In singles
was that between "Will Allen and Grant
Smith. The latter was in fine form and
took Allen's measure rather easily. In the
last two sets the '.jser played an excellent
game. Smith won the first three and Al
len the- fourth.
H. Schmidt and Merle Johnson played
an exciting one-set match with Frank
Mitchell and Carl Gardner. Schmidt was
In excellent form and played a tie with
Johnson. Each won two sets. Mitchell
proved too strong for Chet Smith, whom
he beat three straight. "W. S. MacGavin.
the veteran of the courts, showed that he
can still play some. He made Allen play
his best to win.
The following matches were played:
The two new asphalt courts recently
laid out In the park were used for the
first time yesterday. They are excellent
courts and have a fine location.
Outside of the tournament match the
most Interesting ?am« was that between
Will Allen and Clarence Griffin. Allen was
tired from a hard match in the morning,
but managed to defeat his younger op
ponent. All three sets went to deuce, the
first of which Grlffln won.
The following matches were played:
Will Allen beat Clarence Crtfnn, 5-T, 8-6.
7-5- E P. Flnnega-n and E. Hall beat Bur
dlck and Llllenthal. 6-3; Finnegan beat How
ell16-1. and George Bates. 8-6. tt-2: Guy Lyt
ton and J. F. Brady beat Carpenter and lir.
Iltls. 6-3. and Hays and Guerln, 6-3: Lrtton
and C Bozarth beat Burdlck and Warren. 8-^;
Bates tied Lemon. 6-3. 3-C; Kesrter and Prtcn
ard beat Howell and Hall. 6-4; Long and Hall
beat Vrlchard and Kessler. 6-2. 7-5; Teller
beat Guerln. 6-1; Foley and Guerln beat Lyt
ton and Brady. 6-4.
The handicap doubles tennis tournament
which has been In progress for the last
three Sundays was completed yesterday.
The honors were won by the Baker broth
ers—George and Neal— of Oakland. They
met Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap,
the other scratch team, on even terms
and won easily. The clever brothers took
three straight sets. The outcome was
evident from the start. The losers had
won the cup once, and a victory for them
would have put them in the lead. This
Is the first time the Baker brothers havo
competed. In the future they will play
from back of scratch.
Routh and Dunlap played most of the
balls to Neal Baker, while Routh was re
ceiver general on his side of the net. The
score was &— 1, 6 — J. 6 — *.
Only Two Pacific Batsmen
Offer Any Resistance
to the Bowling.
Place to Their Credit One
Victory for Challenge J
Trophies.
San Francisco Wins Last
Match of Season
Easily. x %
Easily Defeat Routh and
Dunlap on Park
Courts.
COUNTY CRICKET
TEAM IS VICTOR
BAKER BROTHERS
TENNIS EXPERTS
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE DIAMOND AND THE FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOHDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903.
Stolen basts — Hoy,' Dillon, Smith. '¦ Errors —
Toman, Cutter, Raymond, Pubst, Delmas (2).
Home run — Corbett. Three-base hit — Corbett.
Two-base: hits — Shay. Spies. Sacrifice hi t.« —
Meany, Cravat h. Corbett. First base on errors
—San Francisco 1, Loe Angeles 5. First base
Ban ¦ Francisco. .. .0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Bare hits 1 0 0 10 0.0 12 — 6
Los Angeles 0 1 4 1.0 201 x — 0
Base hits 1 2 2 113 0 3 x— 13
, SUMMARY.
Totals. 29 0 5 24 12 l Totels.36 9 13 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Mr. Wheeler, the gentleman • who es
sayed to go a few with his mitts with the
umpire in Saturday's game, has been sus
pended by the management of the league
for an Indefinite period. The directors of
the league say they will stop rowdy ball
playing. They Intend to make an exam
ple of "Wheeler. It was necessary to shift
Dillon to second base yesterday and Spies
to first. The change did not affect the
working of the team In the least, for both
men played good ball in their positions.
The score: ,'. ¦
Ban Francisco — Los Angeles — -•",
AB. R. H. P. A. . AB. R. H. P. A.
Ehay, s.. 4 0'2 3 1 Hoy, cf.. 5 1 13 0
Mtany.rf 10 0 11 Spies, lb 5 1 16 1
Krup.cf. 3 0 0 3 0 Smlth,3b 6 1 .1 11
Pabst.lb'4 0 17 0 Dlllon.2b 4 1 2 5 4
Lynch.lf 4 0 0 2 0 Crvth, rf 4 0 2 3 0
Delms.2b 4 " 0 1 A 3 Ross. If.. 4 0\ 1 ; 1 0
Zearfs, c 3 -0 1 4 '4 Toman,«. 4 OO 2 3
Rymd.3b 3 0' 0 1 0 Eagar.c 2 2- 1. 6 0
Cutter, p 3 0 0 0 8 Corbett,p 3 3..2 1 1
Francisco has won one game out
of seven played. They were lucky to get
that one and the fans are sorry the An
gels did not make a clean sweep and
capture the whole seven. The results
yesterday were: Morning, Los Angeles 3,
San Francisco 2; afternoon, Los Angeles
9, San Francisco 0.
During the morning: at Oakland Uncle
Henry's alleged ball players made the
best showing of the week against the An
gels. They managed to keep the result
in doubt till the end. The southern
swingers finally came through with the
necessary tally and won out. It was a
good came from the start and an error
by Krug broke It up.
But. oh! what a different aspect mark
ed the afternoon struggle. It looked like
a contest between a Missouri cricket club
and the Pittsburg ball nine. The home
tossers were skirmishing around for a
run for two hours and they have not
scored it yet.
Joe Corbe-tt was the boy who kept them
away from the plate. In all his career
in the league he never pitched ball as he
did yesterday afternoon. Never on the
home lot was a ball team so .omplntely
at the mercy of a pitcher as Ban Fran
cisco was at the mercy of the former
Baltimore star.
They never had a single chance to score
a run. From the first inning on he had
them buffaloed and although h&vpitched
many an easy one over the plate the Na
tives seemed afraid to hit at them. His
curves and speed were about right and
he had splendid control of the ball.
The pitcher's box was not the only
place In which Joe made good. Out of
three times at bat he clouted the leather
for a home run and a three-bagger. His
homer came in the sixth and sailed far
over the right field fence. In the next
round, with Egan on flrsC Corbett landed
on the ball and lined it out past the left
field bleachers for the cleanest triple
made on the grounds this season.
Cutter began to get his bumps when the
game was well started. The Angels were
in the best of form and everything the
youngster tossed up they hit hard. Runs
began to accumulate in the second . in
ning and when once they began to arrive
the locals were powerless to stop them.
The natives committed *five glaring er
rors, all of which allowed runs to come
In.
AT last the foarful agony of the
week's baseball series has come
to a close. The bush league ag
gregation that represents San
¦W. L. Pct.l W. L. Pet.
Los Ang..l05 ISO .Kid Portland . 72 85 .450
San Fran. 01 83 .423 Seattle ... 70 90 .437
Sacra'to ..65 81 .512 Oakland . 70 100 .432
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
MONTREAL, Oct. 4— Two men were
killed . in. Point St. Charles and another
badly ¦ shocked • by the boom of a derrick
they were operating coming in contact
with an electric light wire. A. Parent and
P. E. Prevost ; were turning the handle
and" received ' the full force of the cur
rent. Parent was using both hands and
was killed. ; Prevost's cries attracted I the
notice of J." Curtis, foreman. He rushed
to - Prevost's ' assistance < and was killed.
Prevost will recover.TgggHKjNi
Electricity Kills Two Workmen.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Sir Thomas Up
ton arrived here from Chicago to-day. He
will remain here until Friday, when he
will sail for home. While he has no pres
ent Intention of building another chal
lenger he said that the Shamrock III
would remain here, to serve perhaps as a
trial horse should .the fortunate day ever
come when he should feel justified In
bringing another challenger. There would
be no use, he said, in doing so unless he
could find another Herreshoff on the oth
er side
Shamrock III Will B,emain Here.
Lohman Ordered Off the Field.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4.— Seattle and Oakland
went eight Innings to-day to a tie score. The
game started late on account of -a lacrosse
game which preceded It. McKay was batted
all over the field and Oakland was lucky that
she 'got. off aa well as she did. Lohman was
ordered off the grounds again. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—6 16.. 5
Oakland .3000003 0^ — 6 9 . 2
Batteries — McKay, /: Gorton and Lehman;
Hughes and Byers. Umpire— O'Connell;
CHICAGO AMEBICANS TUEN
: TABLES ON THE NATIONALS
Clean Fielding and Timely Bunching
of Hits Give Them the
. Game. -
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— The League
team '. turned the ' tables . on * th» Nationals ', to
day - and 'i- by : bunched hits and ¦ clean fielding
won their first game of the series very easily.
¦ * ' ¦ ¦ * ' 'R. ' ¦' TT F
Portland 0 1 1 0 5 3 0 8 x— 13* 15* 2
Sacramento ....0002000 l'O — 3 9.6
Batteries— McFarlan and Shea; Fitzgerald
and Graham. Umpire — Levy. Attendance^ —
3500. %
PORTLAND. Oct. 4. — Portland hammered
Fitzgerald all over the field to-day, winning
easily, from Sacramento. McFarlan allowed
but four hit!> up to the eighth inning. Taking
Into consideration that it rained continuously
during the game and the field was a -sea of
mud, the support was good. Score:
Bain Falls During Game.
Stolen bases— Hoy (2). Delmas, Smith, Zear
foss, Dillon. Errors — Toman, Krug, Delmas,
Iberg. Two-base hits— Shay, Dillon. Sacrifice
hit— Delmas. First base, on .errors — Los* An
geles 2. San Francisco 2. First base on. called
balls — Off Gray, 3;. off Iberg, 4.. Left on bases
— Los Angeles 10, San Francisco 0. • Struck out
— By Gray, . 2. Hit by ' pitcher — Raymond.
Lynch. Time of game — One hour and forty-five
minutes. Umpire McDonald.
. Los Angeles — l San Francisco— '
AH. U. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf.. 4 12 1 0 Shay. 2b. .". 1 12 1
Spies, lb. 4 0 0 12 1 Meany, rf 4 0 2 2 0
Smith, 3b 4 1 1 0 5 Krug, cf. 3 0 0 7 0
Dillon, 2b 4 1 3 6 1 Pabst. lb 4 0 0 3 * 1
Cravth.rf 4 0 12 0 Lynch. If 3 0 13 1
ROsb. If.. 3 0 0 1 OiDelmaa. s 3 0 1,1 2
Toman, s 3 O 0 3 4 Ze'rfoss.c 4 0 1 .3 0
Eacar. c. 3 0 0 2 * Rymd. 3b 3 0 0"2T3
Dray. p.. 4 0 1 1 ~3 Iberg, p. 2 1 0 1- 0
Totals. 33 ~3 ~I 27 17 Totals. 29 2 6.24' 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,
San Francisco... 0 0 2 0 0 *0 0 0 "0— 2
Base hits 1 12101000-^-0
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 0-x— 3
Base bits .. 20103011 x— (*
SUMMARY. - ' *
Gray- and Iberg were In the best of form
during the morning game at Oakland and
a bitter struggle was the result. An er
ror by Krug • in the seventh inning • al
lowed the Angels to bring the winning
run over the plate. Gray was wild " at
times, but was well supported. Fast
fielding helped him out of several bad
¦places. The score: • .'¦">¦
Close Game at Oakland,
on called balls— Off Cutter 4, off Corbett 3.
Left on bases — San Francisco 0. Los Angeles
8. Struck out — By Cutter 2, by' Corbett 5.
Double play — Dillon to Spies to Toman to Dil
lon. Time of same — 2 hours. Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 4. — The St. Louts Ameri
can League team easlly^defeated the St. Louis
National League at the\ latter's grounds to
day. Sudhoff twirled for the Americans and
was very effective throughout. Brown, who
pitched for the Nationals, did well, but was
accorded poor support. Attendance, 9800.
Score :
Americans 9 12 6
Nationals 2 7 /-¦ 5
Batteries— Sudhoff and Sugden; Brown and
O'Nell.
NEW 'YORK Oct. 4.— At Bayonne. N. J..
to-day the Bay Side Athletic Club basebal,
team shut out the Brooklyn Nationals by the
score of 1 to 0. The Brooklyns outbatted the
winners, but poor base running lost them at
least two runs. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn ........ 0 9 1
Bay Side Athletic Club 16 0
Batteries— Doescher and Ritter; Waller and
Brown. " ¦
¦ NEW YORK, Oct. 4. — In an exhibition
game between the New York Nationals and
Murray Hill semi-professional team, which
was played at Olympia field to-day. McGraw's
men won by a score of 4 to 1. Taylor, who
pitched for New York, struck out thirteen
men and the fielding feature was a brilliant
one-handed catch by McGraw. who played left
field for his own team. Attendance. 7500.
ScOre: R. H. E.
New York ? o
Murray Hill v . •: 17 2
Batteries — Taylor and "Warner; Deegan and
O'Nell.
Sensational stops and throws by Casey and
Tannehlll were the features. Attendance. 16,
800. Score :
i R. H. E.
Nationals .' \ 2 8 3
Americans 10 14 1
Batteries — Taylor and.Kling; Owens and Sul
livan. Umpires — Sheridan and Johnstone.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 4.— The Cincinnati
League team took the second .. game of the
scries from the Cleveland Americans for the
Ohio championship by their timely hitting. The
locals started In on Moore as if they -were
going to have a walkaway, but he gradually
steadied down. Ewing was hit hard, but he
kept the hits well spattered. The attend
ance was more than 6000. Score:
Cincinnati 7 12* 2
Cleveland 3 11 4
Batteries — Ewing and Pelts; Moore and Be
mls. •
PITCHER JOE CORBETT OF THE LOS ANGELES TEAM, THE BEST
1 ALL-AROUND PLAYER IN THE PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE, WHO
PERFORMED BRILLIANTLY YESTERDAY AT RECREATION PARK.
Fall Line of Leather Goods
Now on exhibition and sale. Ladles'
pocketbooks, wrist bags, Netsuki purses,
card cases and bill books, the prettiest
things ever made. Tour name In gold let
ters free of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market 8t. •
LONDON. Oct. 4. — The City of London Chess
Club has sent a challenge to the Brooklyn
Cbess Club for the annual cable match.
Fiftb race, one find an eighth miles, sell-
Ing— Whltmore P9, Hegira 00, Goo Goo 81. ElUa
Dillon 04. W. B. Gates 105. Deer Hunter 90,
Bird Wood 99, Baronet 99, Kunjt 100.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Olcnetz 100. Rencair 104, Irby Bennett 103.
Fourth race, sir furlonrs, Lemp Brewing
Company stake, two-year-olds — Don O*HJrt 06
Walnut Hal 100. Old Stone 111, Radium 99*
Imboden 10S. Major Pelham 115.
Third rac* six and a half furlongs. Belling —
OroMrnoHna 104, Silver Plash 09, Caelana 100,
Pyrrho 104. Maverick 85, Can tain Garton 104,
Gtorrie Lewis 100. Red Ola 65, Golden Easter
'M. Graden 107. Dolly Gray 95.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling.
three-year-oid» — Araxes 114, Mathilde 109. Stub
114. Harry Griffith 119, George W. Dasch 122,
Harold Parker 122. Rejoice 113. My Surpriie
109. Goudy 114. Maehonl 114, La Honda 114,
Lady Chariot 100. General Prig 122, Scepter
110. Hannah Lady 114.
ST. LOUTS ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 4.— Entries:
First race, five furlongs, selllnc. maiden two
yar-old fillies — Ann Dear 95. r>atolla 104. Bes
*ie n 107. Thank Heaven 107, Gold Spot 100.
Arcberlta 1C2. Alice Morgan 05, Loniana 104,
Edna Daniels 100. Phillida, 104, Wooteey Win
lerd 107. Matinee Girl 102.
Fifth race — Airtight, Bard of
Avon, Carat.
Sixth race—Early, Peter J, Incu
bator.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Tarn O'Shanter, El
wood, Dr. Stephens.
Second race— Dick Bernard, Don
Demo, Auditor.
Third race — Colonial Girl, Post
master Wright, Luralighter.
Fourth race — KcGee, Toah, Dick
Bernard.
WOBTH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Bard Burns 105. Eda Riley 104. Carat 102, Al
fred C 101. MIsb Liza 99, Bard of Avon «D.
Little Elkln 1)9, Airtight 85, Dofiie S «5, Lord
Melbourne 03. Tancred 93.
Sixth race, six furlcnrs — St. Tammany 112.
Olympian 110. Early 110, Ocean Dream 107.
Paul Whaley 107. Kir Launcelot 107. Jane Holly
107. Gypze^e 107, Beautiful and Best 105, In
cubator 103, The Don 105, Mary LAvanna 102,
Bir Huch 102, Peter J 102, Jackrull 102, Wlt
ful 1C2.
nilCAGO. Oct. 4— Er.tries:
Flirt race, one mile, all ages — Dr. Stephens
110. Worthlr.gtcm IOT« Albert F. Dewey 105,
Fidnry C. Lnve 10S. Thane 102, Charley Thomp
son l"*)2. Mf.rion Etta K<. Tarn O'Shantrr 1)5,
Apple Lewla HI, Elwood 77, Ryevale 74.
Second race, five furlongF. two-year-olds —
I>on Domo US*. Auditor 117. Palm Reader 107.
Dick Bernard 1C7. Alllrta 104. Clangor 103.
The Hebrew 103. Robert J. Kleberg 10.1, Ralph
Younjr MM. Arnold K 101.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap — Nitrate 10S, Fadlnp Light SO. Colonial
GlrJ 104, Harry New 102, Luralighter 100.
Pothr^n 100. Thane !W. Bondage 08, Falrbury
t»S. Po»«tm«rter Wright »?!. O'Hairen 84. Louis
ville W2. <Than« and Potheen. Hlldr^th entry;
Fading Light end Nitrate. Dumell entry.)
Fourth race, six furlongs. Flyaway handicap,
flWO added— Jark UatHa 113, Delagoa 112,
Dick Bernard »8 Scorp'.o 110. Toah 110, Mc-
G«e ICO. Goldrn Rule lOti, Schwalbe 105. Wal
namolnen 102. St. Tammany S>R, Ahola 97. Fed
eral 96, Alfredo 65, Automaton 95. Gypzene 90.
1 1 jick Bernard and ln-Iajoa, Hlldreth and
em*ther» entry.)
WOBTH ZNTBIES.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Draughtsman, Ohnet,
Gould.
Second race — Irene L.indsey, Black
Tox, Duelist. .
> Third race— Fine Art, Gay Lizette,
Gamestress.
rourth race — Drake entry, Black
Fox, Payne.
Fifth race — Castalian, Young
Henry, Albemaxle stable entry.
Sixth race— River Pirate, Tribes
Hill, High Chancellor.
M0EEIS PABK SELECTIONS.
XKW YORK. Oct. 4. — Entries:
First race, two miles, over <M?ht hurdle*.
Autumn hurdle handicap— Charawlnd 161. Beau
Gallant 150. Amur 14S. Gould 148, Ohnet 14G.
Draughtsman 140. Erxlght 140. Gibson Light
1ST. Oaadlint i:» Santos Dutnont ISO, Kx
tra^anza l-'.O, Oyptopram 130. Faranlaw 130.
Second rac*. six furlonrrs of Withers mile.
The FldcJier IKi. Andrattu* »2. Eloim
J»5 Eva. Ru**ell !>», Iilack Fox 110, Monograph
US Narator fl7. Widow's Mite »r». Neither One
Km/ Cinquevalll 110, Captivator JW. Futurlta »;.,
1'ipe 102 Sweet Alice OS. S&xMucee PI. Duelist
KH Unmasked 10:.. Irene Lindwy 105.
Third race, five and a half furlong* of Eclipse
course two-Vf-ar-old maiden fi'.lles— Erher l>-af
list Colleen Bawn 109. Gamestress 10», Purple
Iris 1O!« Silex lfW. Miss Melton 100. Euphrata
1<<« Effervescence 103. Alironqu'.n 109. Liberia
lC.t' Marmoe luP. Tep«> 10U. «Jay Uzzetta 109,
Pusky 103 Fine Art 100. Missing Link UTJ.
Monochord 10H. Moncoon lC*. IMcuet 1C0.
Fourth race. Withers mile— Wild Pirate 102.
Our Nugget 102. Early Eve It". Oarsman »7.
Oravina K>4. Hlrh Chancellor 1*5. KunneU 100.
Fwe*>t Alice i>2. Futurit* VI. Harding 95. Payne
02. Himself l'-lS, Black Fox 07.
Fifth race pir and a half furlongs of Wither*
mile Westchester hlghwelpht handicap— Lux
Can'a 110. Wealth 120. Wyria 93. Caftalian 105,
Lord Badge tTJ, Lady Uncas 97, Adios 8S, Youfig
BeniT 1*0.
Sixth race one and thre*-Flxtecnth miles on
Ulthm course, handicap — High Chancellor 112.
River Pirate 109. Faulconbridjfe ll>t>. Stolen 5Io
mente !(C, l>ord Badge H5. Tribes' Hill B2. Col
onsay 8G.
MOBEIS PABK ENTBIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4-— Chicago bookmakers
have not been put out of commission by
the "killlnjr" on The Fiddler, which won
at 20 to 1 at Morris Park yesterday, but
they recelTed such a financial jolt as they
will feel for many days. How much
aoney was lost ia Chicago will never be
ascertained, but it la believed by the
eporting fraternity to be well up to
$200,000.
"Jim" O'Leary. the poolroom king, is
Bald to have been given the worst of it
to the tune of more than 5100,000, and "So- i
cial" Smith of Smith & Perry is on thi<
unofficial schedule as having lo?t $38,000.
Other big and little lasses make the "kill-
Ing" one of the biggest in turf annals.
O'Leary announct-d to-night th:tt he
would not pay any more checks until he
6hall have been assured that the horse
that ran was not a "ringer." Other book
makers v.-lll follow the example of the
leader and withhold their money from
winning bettors until the atmosphere Is
cleared. It reached the ears of book
makers to-night that there had been an
agreement among jockeys to pocket the
favorites and let the long shot win.
The general opinion is that the sports
who were hard hit are merely trying to
find a good excuse for not paying the
winners to-morrow, when strong pressure
Is pure to be brought to bear upon them.
John J. Ryan, who is credited with hav
ing cleared hundreds of thousands of dol
lars in the East during the last few
weefca. added at least $30,000 to his bank
roll yesterday, according to the best In
formation obtainable here.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Oct. 4.-The local
poolrooms were hit very hard by the win
r.lr.g of The Fiddler In the last race at
Morris Park yesterday, they losing from
flO.000 to $15,000. The bulk of the money
v.as won by a couple of strangers, pre
sumably from St. Louis, who came here
especially to play the. race.
Erec'.aJ Dlep&teh to The CeJl.
Dave SomTners 104, Jake Weber 104, King Rose
100, Tom Crabb 104. Lady Va«htl 05, Aules 104.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Latoila, Phillida,
Wootsy Winierd.
Second race—Hannah Lady, Scep
tre, My Surprise.
Third race — Maverick, I>olly Gray,
Pyrrho.
Fourth race — Old Stone, "Walnut
Hill, Imboden.
Fifth race — Eunja, Deerhunter,
Hegira.
Sixth race — Jake "Weber, Tom
Crab, Dave Sommera.
California Echuetzen Club, monthly medal
competition: First champion class — A. Strecker,
218; Otto Brcmer, 201. 213. Second champion
class— Al Gehret. 221, 213; A. Rahwyler, 203,
205; John L. Utschig, 201; Otto Burmelster, 191,
193; T. J. Carroll, 184. 191. First class— George
Tainmeyer. 201. Second class — M. F. Blasse,
217. 205; L. C. Babin, 200. 203- John C. Waller.
1»4. 170; William F. Blasse. 202; A. von Wyl,
197. 195; August Jtinblut, 207,' 1S2; George Ah
rens. 156; Frank Suter. 158. 167. Third class —
M. F. Hartter, I'M. 212; George Rlschmuller
Sr., 178. 203; Loul« Thierbach. 195, 191: Joseph
Straub. 175, 192; Charles Sagerhorn, 151, 168;
William Nolden, 158, 154: F. C. Hagerup, 130.
137; Frank RIede. 164. 155; M. Reubold.. 135.
131: John Horstmann. 170, 137. Fourth class —
H. Scheunert, 197, 167; Max Kolander. 193;
C. M. Rosseau. 182. 1SS; C. von Hartwig, 174,
153; John Boiler 151. 141; Adam Brehm, 134,
Cadet class — Frank H. Bremer, 190, 197.
Pistol Annex California Scheutsen Club,
monthly prize 6hooting — W. F. Blasse, 87, 73;
M. F Blasse. 79. 75: Max Kolander, 57, 59;
John C. Waller, 47, 42; George Tammeyer. 81;
John L. Utschig. 80; T. J. Carroll. 72, 09; John
Boiler 76. 63; Frank H. Bremer, 4S. 39. C. von
Hartwig, 41, 39.
Eintracht Shooting Section, monthly medal
ehoot— Champion class, JoHi Zahn, 389 rings;
first class, J. A. Rchrer. 3C2; second class, F.
Eggerllng. 29S; third class, H. Schrader, 337;
best first shot. John Zahn. 24; best last shot,
H. Schrader. 24; winner of the Adam Brehm
trophy. W. Ruhser, 25.
The best shooting at the pistol target
was done by William F. Blasse with 87
rings and George Tammeyer with 80. The
results:
The attendance of marksmen at Schuet
zen Park was not as large yesterday as
usual. The changing light and shifting
wind made it difficult for the riflemen to
get In scores that would go toward In
creasing their monthly averages.
Marked interest was taken in the com
petition monthly medal shoot of the Cali
fornia Bchuetzen Club. Al. Gehret, Otto
Bremer and A- Strecker, who shoot In
the first champion class, are all bunched
for first honors, and a difference of a few
rings will win or lose the championship.
Yesterday Al. Gehret was high with 221
rings and A. Strecker second with 21S.
In the second champion class A. Rah
wyler was high with 203 and 205. In the
second class M. F. Blasse carried oft the
honors with the good score of 217. M. K.
Hartter* with 212 to his credit carried oft
the third class medal. The fourth class
honors were won by H. Sheunert with
the good score of 197 rings.
Landry C. Babin was on the range again
and took a hand In the day's proceedings.
That he can still handle the rifle Is shown
by his good scores of 200 and 203 rings in
his medal string.
Make High Scores Difficult.
Changing Light and Shifting Wind
Second cla-«s with rifle at 200 yards — L. Mur
phy 813 J. RInpen 3O«5. A. Gay 26S. A. Xls
cen 260,' E. Wixson 3T>0, D. L. Hopkins 355,
A I'oiilyen SSI, 3. l»gue 274. A. Thompson
31ft. W*. Pattern 248. E. J. Farley 201. E. Lo
renzen 240 Captain Larsen 304, M. Lytzen
274 P. Paulson 274.
Third claes at fifty yards — A. Krausc 33fl,
B. Schullerts 340 T. F. Newlrth 320, G. Skln
r.er 322 B Poulscn 331 G. Althousen 341. F.
O Pchullert* : »67 J. Hrain 291. W. Kenney
411 W Guild 410, E Niehaus 201. H. Mc-
Kenloy'37« W L. Paulsen 420. C. Grieb 194,
F Emery 144 " C Pauls-en 3112. D. Guild 324.
C. Hf-lssenberg 377, G. Paulson 865. 1). Dole
vergne l»0. C. Boxton 3.VS. II. Kofod 340. S.
Holmes 337. L V. Fratea 418, G. Hughes 3G4,
J Vera 304 G. Glueck .HS.5. H. Woebb^r 388.
j' Kenney 2."» A. Rouse 181. A. K. Woods
384 A. M AVoods 310. A. Johnson 295.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
J H Kuhlke 45 R. Morris CO. J. S. Jones
25 H. Relnhardt" 47. Sergeant C. Iverson 41.
J ' C Haye« 33 R. Flannagan 8. Captain L.
Fchnelder 2S H* Gaetjen Jr. 15. B. D. Hilken
43 W B. Cook '37. C. Schilling 38, P. Peterson
B3J Sergeant C. Andrews.
»
SCHUETZEN PARK RESULTS.
Suelflohn, 21. 20. 22; J. C. Roberts, 22. 22, 21:
H. J. Katloff. 20 15, 8; J. S. Jones, 15 11,
13; CorjKjral W. D. McQuitty. IS, 17, 8; A.
Gerdes. 17. 18 15; Corporal P. Hopkins. 21,
18. 11; J. L. Kirchner. 14. 9, 4; Lieutenant J.
N Ross, 19 23 lt»; Sergeant W. D. Grant, 21.
17. 20; Sergeant A. g. Hatfleld. 22. 17, 19;
Sergeant A. E. Anderson. 20. 14. 22; Captain
\V. S. Grattan. 21 17. 19; N. Smith. 17. 8, 4;
Sergeant G. Bantz IS, 16, 19; E. Laustanaue.
20 9, 14: A. L Stewart. 17. 14. 21; O. Fox,
19 IB 17; B. F. Suelnohn 20, 20, 22; W. H.
Mallett 20 22 21; T T. Smith 21." 16, 21;
J. C. Nagle. 8 6 15- J. B. Barker. 18. 13,
13; A R Coons. 14. 11. 16; Sergeant T. Mc-
Gilvery 19 22 20; Corporal W. J. Petty, 18,
23 14;" Corporal C. B Heineman. 18, 23, 17;
C " "VV. Waltham. 23, 20 20; Sergeant TI. H.
Mitchell 20 22 22; A. R. Cordes. 14, 15. 14;
J F Mullen. 19. 21. 13; F. J. Kane, 23, 21,
20: Sergeant S. H. Stewart. 20. 21. 23; Cor
poral G L Harvey 24 20, 18; P. L. Sawyers,
20 19, 19.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
medal shoot, two scores of ten shots each with
rifle at 200 yards — Champion class, H. Huber,
420; flrst-claes W Slebe 370. L. Slebe 285, N.
J. Nelson 321, A. Nlehaus 3oC. R. Wixson 372,
H P. Nelson 3«7 H. Windmuller 406. W.
Thompson 283, J. Cobby 3»0, F. Slebe 290. F.
Monte 316.
After working for several months on the
silhouette target, the Nationals have come
back to the use of the Blunt target. 'In
consequence, the results of yesterday's
shoot at Bhell Mound rifle range do not
compare favorably with the average
scores. Lieutenant Ross says the change
has been made in the interest of marks
manship, however, and that the artillery
men will Improve after a few days' prac
tice.
The members of the Shell Mound Club
were out In numbers yesterday, and most
of the men did much better work than
usual.
The Independent Rifles held a monthly
contest yesterday, with excellent results.
The day's scores follow:
Nationals, Batteries B and C. First Artillery,
National Guard of California monthly medal
ehoot at 200 300 and COO yards — Corporal H.
W. Mitchell, 21, 23 21; C. \V. Boxton, 13, 19,
13; Corporal J. E. Flyr.n. 22, 20, 15; Corporal
J. W. Cobby. 22. 23. 21; Servant G. W. Gal
braith. 17. IS »; Sergeant W. \V. Thompson,
20. 19. 13; Servant • H. J. Musgravo. 19, 21,
22; Corporal C. C. <le "Wolfe. 21. 17, 20; Cor
poral C. 'Wyninan. 22. 20. 22: Corporal E. .O.
Enormous Sums Won on the
Horse in Cities of
the East.
Competition Is Quite Brisk
on the Shell Mound
Ranges.
Resulting Scores Do Not
Come Up to the
Average.
Want to Know if The
Fiddler Was a
"Ringer."
POOLROOM MEN
DEMAND INQUIRY
ARTILLERYMEN
CHANGE TARGET
For Nine Innings He Keeps Them Guessing and Also Pounds Out
a Home Run and a Three-Base Hit—Angels Win the Morning
Game at Oakland After Both a Long and a Bitter Struggle
JOE CORBETT HOLDS NATIVE TEAM
UNDER THE SPELL OF HIS CURVES
6
*,; : ADVERTISEMENTS.
HNew Fall Styles IP w^W
Justin— only 90c each/
U The fall styles in 'our 90c hats have just been unpacked*
II We never have showed such a complete assortment of styles.
If shapes and caiors before at ooc. Black and all the light col-
|j ors from brown to pearl are found in the assortment.
if Just think of it — a good hat for less than a dollar that
1 1 will look well and wear well. See our window display and : ;
II you will see that the hats are worth every cent of $1.50.
II Out-of-town orders filled -write us.PHOTOGRAPHERS CONVENE.— The Pho
tographers' : Association of California will hold
lta first . convention on October 2JI. 30 and .31
In Mechanics' Pavilion. There will be exhibits
of.; photographic work" and prizes will > be
awarded.
VAN BUREN. Ark.. Oct. 4.— Charles
Tolson, an actor, leading: man and mana
ger of a stock company, was shot and
probably fatally wounded at the railroad
station here to-day by Dr. Perchmont,
a well known practitioner of this city.
The cause of the shooting is not known.
Physician Shoots an Actor.
If so. look through our framed picture
department and see how beautiful and at
tractive l the . new pictures are, and at
such moderate prices. ' Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market St. . ' •
Interested in Framed Pictures P
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 4.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Schr Abble. lArsen, 48 hours from Fish
Rock. . . .
SAILED.
. Sunday. October 4.
. Stmr Rcdondo. Krog. Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Andresen, Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC : PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 4^-Fr bark Mont
calm, from Swansea. •¦ '.-_¦
Sailed Oct 4 — Strnrs Grace Dollar and Alli
ance, for Kan Francisco. . -
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Loulae,
from San -Pedro. ¦ ¦
Late Shipping Intelligence.
VENTURA, Oct. 4.— A hunter named
Wells this afternoon discovered a man
hanging by a rope to the rafters of an old
barn on Taylor ranch. West Ventura.
The body was partly decomposed and
probably had been there a week. The
man is unknown. He was about 50 years
oid. awe
Hunter Finds Suicide's Body.
The body of an Infant badly decomposed
was found near the bear pit in Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon. It had
evidently >dled. at birth and had been dis
carded by a heartless parent. The dis
covery was made by Thomas Cost of 34S
Third street. The police and Morgue offi
cials were notified, but Detective Ed Wren
and Chief Deputy Peter McCormack, who
were placed on the case by Coroner Lea
land, were tenable to obtain a clue to the
child's parentage.
Infant's Body Found.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and -fair over the
southern. LJ'ght rain has fallen from Central
California and Central Nevada northward over
the Pacific Slope. A thunderstorm Is reported
from Boise. -JjyUSffil
The pressure has risen over Washington an3
Oregon and fallen over tho southern half of
the Pacific Slop*.
The temoerature has fallen over Eastern
Washington and remained nearly sationary in
other districts. '
Forecast made it San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 5:
Northern California— Generally cloudy Mon
day, probably showers In the north portion ;
fresh southwest wind.
- Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Probably shower* Monday.
San Francisco and. vicinity — Generally cloudy
or foggy Monday: fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSOX, Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In charge. .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. *-
Miss C. Franck. Mis? E. V. MeClosky. T. C.
Elliott. C. B. Stone. Chorus — Mrs. • W. Jen
kins, Miss Florence Darby, Mrs. R. M. Steele,
Miss Bowen, M. C. Cohn, Mrs. D. Conn, Miss
Alice Murray, Miss Alice Peeley. Miss Holli.
day. Miss Bolllat, Miss Stone, Miss Marrack.
Miss ' Rademaker. Mrs. Thorley. Arthur Mess
mer, M. Stokes, W. Jenkins. Charles Hllders
l«l'. H. Williamson, R. Marrack^and M. ItelUy.
MEXICO CITY. Oct. 4.— The Benedictine
Monkn. who eame here some months ago, have
already established several societies among the
laity.
Erlane; tassel-bearers to Holy Name. T. Con
nelly and J. McKrlane; banner, third Sor
rowful Mystery; Sodality of the Holy Name of
Jesus — J. B. Mclntyre. president: banner,
fourth Sorrowful Mystery; banner, fifth Sor
rowful Mystery.
Third division — Marshal. Ed Kenny: chanter.
Rev. Father Clancy. O. P.: Immaculate Con
ception Sodality: Rosarlans — MU» Julia Coffey.
president; Rosarlans In five companies of ten
or more. The following members ,of the Toung
Men's Holy Name Society carried the ban
ners ot the Glonous Mysteries: First. George
P. Feely: second. J. Hurley: third, William J.
O'Connor; fourth. Artie O'Connor; fifth. John
Murphy; St. Domonlc's Choir; St. Thomas
Sanctuary Society; statue of . the Blessed Vir
gin — George M. Kelly. VK Kenny. M. Gilmore,
Albion White; Very Rev. Prior and fathers;
members of the Third Order of. St. Dominic and
Udles and gentlemen of the congregation;
chanter. Mr. McKerron.
The augmented choir of St. Dominic's,
which rendered the' music at the special
service, consisted of the following sing
ers:
LONDON. Oct. 4.— By the Kln* # » command
a memorial aervlce for Sir Michael Herbert
will be held In Marlbnrough House Chapel ad-
Joining St. James' Palace, on Tuesday after
noon. Special seats will be reserved for mem
ber» of the diplomatic corps.
Austo Gotto and Paul Bertogllo went
into the oyster house of Stephen Tsouvas.
11J7 Market street, about 6 o'clock yes
terday morning. After partaking of a
meal, .Bertoglio wanted to buy a stein
that was on the counter, but Tsouvas re
fused to sell It. TJbey had some words
over the matter and Bertoglio drew a
razor on Tsouvas, who closed upon him
and wrested it from him. While the
struggle was in progress Gotto grabbed
hold of the stein and a bottle of beer and
ran out of. the place. Tsouvas blew a po
lice whistle, and Policemen Curtln and
Crowley responded. They found Gotto
and Bertoglio in a saloon at Ninth and
Market streets and placed them under
arrest. Bertoglio was booked at the City
Prison on ;a charge of assault with <t
deadly wea'pon and Gotto with petty lar
ceny.
Fight About a Stein.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oc,t. 4. 5 p. m.
'?_¦£ COAST RECORD.
STATION IT ''a^as'S 5"* C
Baker 30.00 64 44 W Cloudy 0«
Carson 20.06 C4 30 NW Cloudy 00
Farallon .....30.14 62 54 NW Foggy 00
Fresno 30.04 78 46 NW Pt.Cldy 00
Flagstaff 30.02 04 28 S Clear 00
Independence 20.08 72 44 SE Cl«ar .00
Los .AngeIea..2St.$>4 84 5(1 W Clear CO
Mt Tamalpats.30.14 62 4« W Clear 02
North Head... 30.00 Ti« 52 S Rain- •- [?4 :
Phoenix 2ft. RS 82 P2 W Clear .00 !
Pocatelto, Ida.30.02 60 40 S Cloudy 04 '
Portland .....30.02 5S 50 W. Rain .36
Polkt Reyes.. ,30.08 62 64 NW Fogffy oo
Red; Bluff 30. OS 70 58 NW Cloudy *04
Rosebury ....30.08 «4 66 N Rain .I«
Sacramento ..30.04 Ts ,'iti s Pt.Cldy Oij
Salt Lake 29.9s 06 44 SW Cloudy 00
Kan Francisco.30.14 68 58 W Clear Tr
S. U Obispo..30.0« 80 48 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.02 74 54 NW Clear .00
Seattle. 2».0« 60 43 S Cloudy .66
Spokane 30.00 42 36 N Rain .42
Tatoosh ...... 20. 92 66 46 S Cloudy' .10
Walla Walla.. 30.02 «0 46 S Rain .64
Wlnnemucca .30.02 62 48 SW Cloudy .01
Yurna 29.HR 88 52 E , Clear .00
More than a thousand spectators saw
the Talagoos of San Mateo win the la
crosse championship of the State from the
Tecumsehs of this city in the match game
played yesterday at C. W\ Clark's grounds
near San Mateo. The -score was 8 to 3 In
favor of the home team. The three Lyons
brothers and Coutts of the Talagoo team
did brilliant work. Began and Tansey
were but little behind them, while Wil
liams, Judge and Creely of the Tecumsehs
were almost equally clever. The first six
games were played without a pause, ex
cept the brief moment required to face
the ball. The first three of these went to
San Mateo, scored respectively by J. J.
Lyons. Theberg and M. J. Lyons. Then
Williams and Creely scored goals for the
Tecumsehs. followed by Coutts for San
Mateo, making the score 4 to 2.
San Francisco scored only once after
this, by Williams In the seventh game.
M. J. Lyons and Coutts quickly followed
with one each for the Talagoos. The
greatest playing of the match was seen in
the ninth game, which was iongr and
fierce. The ball traversed the field a score
Of times before Degan of San Mateo, on
a long drive, sent It between the posts.
J. J. Lyons was laid out with a broken
hand, and Beck with and Jones were also
injured. Lyons could not resume the
game. His brother. Martin, scored the,
eleventh and final goal, neither side scor
ing in the tenth.
San Mateo Players on Their Home
Field Prove Too Strong for the
Tecumsehs.
TAI/AGOO LACROSSE TEAM
WINS STATE TOURNAMENT
This morning Mr. Harrison was up early
and walked to Napa and back, a distance
of 13 miles. He took another walk this
afternoon over the foothills.
TOUNTVILLE. Oct. 4.— The members
of the Veterans' Home were given a gen
uine treat last night by President "William,
Greer Harrison and members of the
Olympic Club.
Mr. Harrison made one of his customary
happy speeches and was enthusiastically
applauded. Among the athletes who con
tributed to the programme ¦were Jimmy''
Britt and Frank Rafael in a realistic box
ing bout. Matt Harris and George Mur
ray and "W. J. Leonard and Murray also
boxed. Professor George ITlehllngr and
Emil Tschuml and M. Rapp and C.
Pentony showed all the up-to-date tricks
In wrestling: Carroll Van Count and
Stephen McNally gave an interesting ex
hibition of illuminated club swinging.
McNally and Rltter sang and the Rltter
brothers and McNally also did a tumbling
act.
OLYMPIANS ENTERTAIN
VETERANS' HOME MEMBERS
Weather Report.
REDDING, Oct. 4.— Honey Lake, In
Lassen County, is rapidly drying up, leav
ing just a narrow, shallow pool of almost
stagnant water. The fish are dying In
large numbers and a stench i3 rising from
the decaying matter.
Pioneers of the region say that Honey
Lake has gone dry on several occasions
in past years. What seems a strange co-
Incidence is' that the winters following
were always marked by unusually severe
cold weather.
Former Large Body of Water Now
Only a Narrbw, Shallow
Pool.
LASSEN COUNTY LAKE
RAPIDLY DISAPPEARING
PARIS. Oct. 5.— The Paris edition of tho
New York Herald publishes a dispatch
from Bogota, via Panama, which sayB
that no immediate steps will be taken in
favor of the canal. The opponents of the
treaty are apparently pleased to see the
United States feign to return to the Nica
ragua route. President! Roosevelt's atti
tude is interpreted in Bogota as a sign
that he will wait until August if neces
sary, and that the United States will
eventually accept Colombia's conditions.
The dispatch adds that President Roose
velt's intention of awaiting the opinion of
the United States Congress before mak
ing a decision has produced a bad impres
sion, throughout the Isthmus. •
Bogota Authorities Believe United
States Will Eventually Accept
Colombia's Conditions.
Mrs. Lewis has done some clever work
with her pen. Harper's published her
"Apples of Hesperldes," and there has
been considerable other magazine matter
of merit from her hand. "Comedies in
Miniature." McCIure. Phillips & Co., is
her last published production. TherLew-
Ises' permanent home will be in Chicago,
where the extensive business interests of
the groom are centered.
DELAY ON CANAL TBEATY
PRODUCES BAD IMPRESSION
land, is the announcement of her mar
riage. Here It was several years ago that,
as Margaret Cameron, she became the
bride of Benjamin J. Smith, a prominent
Insurance man of San Francisco. He
erected a beautiful home on Vernon
Heights for his bride, but happiness de
parted after a time. It was rumored that
Mr. Smith objected to his wife's literary
tendencies, and desired more domesticity,
At any rate, tho husband sued for divorce,
alleging statutory desertion, and he was
given a decree. Mrs. Smith was permit
ted to resume her maiden name. There
were no children.
Charles W. Vosmer, who Is manager of
the gardens, and whose efforts are respon
sible for the large increase In. attendance
each Sunday, personally supervises each
ascension. He Is now preparing novelties,
some of which will be introduced next
Sunday. On that day all the present con
cessions will be moved to the forward end
of the srounda and new attractions se
cured. Vosmer predicts a great future for
the venture as It Is just the sort of place
San Francisco has required for years and
amusement for many people Is afforded
each Sunday.
Until the opening of Coney Island visi
tors to the beach were reo.uired to either
promenade the boulevard or tramp In the
sand. Now they can spend a portion of
the day In a place where a programme ia
rendered and where there are live at
tractions.
A programme full of high class vaude
ville sketches and an excellent balloon
ascension furnished amusement for tiie
many people who visited Coney Island at
the beach yesterday. The balloon ascen
sion was made by "Soldier" Ware .and it
was the fighter's first trip to the clouds.
An old hand could not have done better
and Ware promises to become an expert
aeronaut.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Friends of Mar
garet Cameron, the talented
young writer, are receiving cards
announcing her marriage In Nev.'
York on September 16 to Harrison
O. Lewis, a member of the large type
foundry hous-e of Barnhart Bros. & Splnd
ler of Chicago. The wedding occurred at
424 Central Park West, In the apartments
that will be the couple's temporary homo
after the wedding tour they are making
through Massachusetts. The affair was
attended by California friends of the
bride who were in New York, among them
being Andrew Bogart and Francis Stew
art.
Miss Cameron went East on September
5 with her mother, Mrs. N. N. Cameron,
to meet her prospective husband. Th%
Camerona made the trip by way of the
North, stopping in Washington, and when
East at Montreal for a short stay.
Of much Interest In the literary world,
as well as In Mrs. Lewis' old home, Oak-
SOLDIER MAKES FIRST
BALLOON ASCENSION
Live Attractions at the New Coney
Island Amuse Throng at
the Beach.
CHARMING OAKLAND WOMAN, DIVORCED WIFE OF A PROMINENT
SAN FRANCISCO INSURANCE -MAN. WHO RECENTLY WEDDED A
WELL-KNOWN MANUFACTURER OF CHICAGO.
The stake was won by Presidio Boy.
which defeated Articulate In the decid
ing course. The latter had a severe trial
I in the fifth round which ruined any
; chance he might have had for stake
honors. Among the surprises were the
defeats of Flora Belle, a six to one choice,
by War Eagle; Agitator, a five to one
; choice, by Ella May; Tralee Boy by Du
hollow at the same odds and many two
and three to one shots. The results in de
tail with Judge Andrew Dean's official
scores follow:
Open stake— Rubber Ankles beat \'ina. 8-7;
Kittleman bea^t Mike Rice 0-4; Belle Free beat
Kernisso Animo. 11-3; Mi Amlsro beat Flaunt.
12-2; Presidio Boy beat lone Hill. 13-1: Rag
time beat Golden Ught. 12-2; Concord Boy
beat Free From Flaw 6-2; Consort a bye.
Athena withdrawn: Fannie Hujrhlc beat Golden
Links. 22-4; War Eagle beat Flora Belle. 3-2;
Concord Tralee a by*. s«a Lion withdrawn;
Game Boy beat Thelma, 4-2; Rocklln Boy beat
My Grafter. 21-2; Gambit beat Ragged Actor.
*>-.{; Tralee Boy beat Sexnpronlus, 5-4; Du
nallow beat Tricksy 0-3; Dorothy M beat
Meddlesome. S-2; Fenil beat Sir Pasha, 15-a;
Reno beat America. 12-5; Articulate beat Char
ter Member. 10-4; Reckless Acrobat beat East
lake. 6-2; Melrose beat Jingle Bells 7-1; Ella
May beat Agitator. 2U-6; Special beat St. Conn.
11-1; Fontenoy beat Snapper Garrison 4-3; Our
Motto beat Uttle Jack. 30-1; Slskiyou beat
Frisky Barbara. 11-2: Red Pepper beat Wat
tlea." 8-3; Beluga beat Moonbeam 27-3; Silver
Cloud beat Cubanola, 6-1; Vandal beat Roy
Hughie, 8-5; Honest John beat Boots. 7-2;
Jjoril Granard beat Old , Ironsides 12-6; Raby
Aurora be»t Luxury. 4-0; Mickey F(*e beat
John Heenan. 9-5: Barge beat Wareo, 6-5.
Second round— Rubber Ankles a bye. Kittle
man withdrawn; Mi Amigo beat Belle Free.
U-10; Presidio Boy beat Ragtime. 5-0; Con
sort beat Concord Boy. 14-8; War Eagle a
bye. Fannie Hughie withdrawn-; Game Boy
beatTConeord Tralee. 5-3; QamSlt beat Rock
lln Boy. 6-1: Duhallow beat Tralee Boy, 10-5:
Fenil beat Dorothy M, 3-2; Articulate beat
Reno. 4-2; Reckless Acrobat beat Melrose. 6-1;
Special a bye. Ella May withdrawn; Our Mot
to beat Fontenoy. !*-8; Slskiyou beat Red Pep
per. 9-3; Silver Cloud a bye, Beluga with
drawn; Honest John beat Vandal. 8-0; Raby
Aurora beat Lord Granard, 6-0; Barge beat
Mickey Free. 6-1.
Third round — Rubber Ankles a bye. Ml Ami
po withdrawn; Eresidlo Boy a ble. Consort
withdrawn: Game Boy beat War Eagle, 20-3;
Gambtt beat Duhallow. 6-0; Articulate beat
Fenil 0-4; Reckless Acrobat beat Special.
16-3 - ' Siskiyou, beat Our Motto. 8-7; Honest
John beat Silver Cloud. 7-2; Barge beat Raby
Aurora. 9-3
Fourth round — Presidio Boy beat Rubber An
kles, 4-3; Gambit beat Game Boy. 9-6: Arti- j
culate beat Reckless Acrobat. 6-0; Honest John :
beat Slskiyou. 32-3; Barge * bye.
Fifth round — Presidio Boy beat Gambit, 7-1:
Articulate beat Barge, 2S-0; Honest John a
bye
sixth round — Honest John withdrawn; Presi
dio Boy beat Articulate ft-1 for th» stake. :
A heavy mantle of fog settled down
upon Union Coursing Park yesterday
afternoon and shut out many, trials from
the view of the spectators. Long courses
were the rule and heavy upsets were
numerous.
Presidio Boy Carles Off the Long' End
of the Purse With Articulate
Runner-Up.
FOG OBSCURES COURSING
ON UNION PARK FIELD
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4.— J. W. Brooks,
manager; of the Los Angeles Jockey
Club's new racetrack, Ascot Park, has
announced the stakes for the ninety days'
winter meet beginning December 24. There
are sixteen stakes for a total of $20,150.
Following are the names and conditions:
Aacct handicaD— $2500 added, two-year-olds
and uoward, mile and a cuarter.
Ascot Dirby — 12000 added, • sweepstakes for
three-year-oMs of 1904, mile and a half.
Ascct cup — $1500 added, handicap sweep
stakes for two-year-olds . and upward, two
milts. ••¦¦••; ' . . .¦ •
Ascot Oaks — $1200. aiMed, sweepstakes , for
three-year-oM fillips of 1U04, mile and a quar
ter. . .
Hollywood handicap — S1230 added, handicap
sweep? takes /or two-year-olds and upward,
mile and a sixteenth. »
Pasadena handicap— $1250 added, handicap
sweepstakes for two-year-olds and upward,
mile and a furlonsr.
Riverside handicap — $1000 added, handicap
sweepstakes for two-year-olds and upward, on»
mile.
Mount Lowe handicaD— J1COO added, hlj;h
weight handicap sweepstakes (or two-year-olds
and UDward, six furlong*.
Coronado Beach selllnK stakes — $1250 added,
selling s-.veri .«takcs for two-year-olds and up
ward, one and a sixteenth miles.
Santa Catallna Bellini: stakes — $1000 added,
selling* swec-pstaket tor two-year-olds and up
ward, seven furloncs.
San Pedro selling rtakes — $1000 added, two
year-olds Rnd upward, one mile.
Santa Barbara stnkes — $1000 added, sweep
stakes for two-year-olds of 1004, four and a
half furlonis.
S'anta Monica stake.i — $1000 added, sweep
stakes <or two-year-old's of l!)04, five furlongs.
InRlowood steeplechase handicap — $1200
added, sweepstakes for three-year-olds and up
ward, full course, about t\»o miles.
Long Beach steeplechase— $1000 added, han
dicap for three-year-olds and upward, . full
course.
San Gabriel nteer>lechase handicap — $1000
added, handicap sweepstakes for three-year
olds and upward, short course.
More Than $20,000 Offered for Six
teen Stakes' to Be Run During
Winter Meeting.
ASCOT PARK STAKES
HAVE GOOD ADDED MONEY
Fourth round — Otto beat Bob R, tt-4; Homer
Boy beat Onward Maul. 9-5; Firm Fellow beat
Lulu Girl. &-«: Van Nora beat MIsa Wilson.
10-S; Topsy Turvey beat Gilmore, 8-0; Deo
Burns beat Una. 10-S.
Fifth round — Otto beat Homer Boy. S-4; Firm
Fellow a bye; Doc Burns beat Topsy Turvey.
S-0.
Sixth round — Firm Fellow beat Otto, ft-2; Dec
Burns a bye.
Deciding course — Firm Fellow beat Doo
Burns. 24-0.
Champion stake: First round — Mount Ros«
beat WedgeTvood. 3-2; Maid of the Glen beat
Medley. 8-2; Full Moon beat Cloverdals 7-3:
Jerry Wriyht beat Black Coon. 6-2; Sofala beat
Lily WrtKht. S-3; Pasha Pleasant beat Menlo
Prince. 7-4: Bonnie Pasha beat Conroy, 7-8;
Young- Fearleis beat Idaho Boy. 6-0.
Second round — Maid of the Glen a by«: Full
Moon beat Jerry Wright. 7-1; Pasha Pleasant
beat Sofala. 4-3; Bcnnle Pasha beat Younic
Fearless. 12-8.
Third round — Maid of tfi# Glen a bye; Pasha
Pleasant beat Bonnie Pasha. 4-3.
Deciding course — Pasha Pleasant beat Maid
cf the Glen. 10-5. * ¦• ¦ > :
Har.d coursing was the rule at Inglesldo
Park yesterday. Hardly a pair of hounds
were slipped that did not require the as
sistance of at least one relief dog and In
many instances four extra dogs were sent
on the field to aid in ending the courses.
Firm Fellow took first honors In tha
open stake, beating Doc Burns pointless
in the deciding course. That the runner
up failed to score was no mark against
him, for in his previous courses he did
some trying work. On three occasions ha
made the talent tear up tickets and each
time on the defeat of a strong favorite.
Bonnie Pasha in winning the champlcjn
stake retired "some first choices that were
heavily backed. Conroy and Young Fear
less succumbed to her stamina. In each
instance Bonnie Pasha waa led well, but
stayed with the game long enough to out
point her opponents for the flag. Follow
ing are the day's results with Judge
Thomas Tierney'a official scores:
Open stake: Second round — May Connelly
beat liraw's Hill. 11-7; Ouo beat Belfaot. i-a;
Bob K beat Clarice, 4-0; Young Jchnnie Rex
beat Rockefeller. 7-0; ilemer Boy a bye; RicU
Argcsy beat Advance Guard. 4-2; Lady Pintu
beat King's Pride, 7-3; Onward Maud a bye;
Haddlngton beat Beauty Gold. «-0; JLuIu OoM
beat Miss Green. 3-1; Kirm Fellow beat Pepper
Hill. t--»: Pepper Jack beat Cosette. 4-U: Little
Sister b«at >lesper. 7-5; Miss Wilson b*at
Klower of Kerry. l>-5; Kquator a bye; Van
Nora beat Roxana, h-.'t; Topsy Turvey beat
Tern Hurllck. 4-1; Yellowtail beat tllaucu.-.
5-0; Gilraore beat Vagrant, e-0; Orslna beat
Fine Gold. 6-1; L'na beat Crocket Boy, 5-0;
Ploughman beat Roulette. 6-O; Whisper beat
Honor bright. -1-3: Doc Burns beat Intruder.
1S-5.
Third round — Otto beat May Connelly. 6-0:
Bob R beat Young Johnnie R«. 8-7; Homer
Boy beat Rich Argosy. 17-8; Onward Mauil
\-n-\t Lady Pinto, .s-tt; Lulu Girl beat Haddlng
ton. 1.V5; Firm Fellow beat Pepper Jack, 4-J;
Miss Wilson beat Littlo Sister, ii-2: Van Nora
beat Equator, ti-3; Topsy Turvey beat Yellow
tail. 18-2: Gilmore beat OrsJna. S-4; Una beat
Ploughman. 9-li: Dec Burns beat Whisper. 4--.
HOUNDS ARE HARD RUN
AT INOLESIDB PARK
Shortends Beat Some Favorites That
Are Heavily Played and at
Good Prices.
The deceased leaves a wife and one sop.
Dr. Raymond Russ, a physician of San
Francisco.
In this city he was an active newspaper
man for several years, being connected
with the Tribune and San Francisco Bul
letin. Leaving the newspaper business,
he became agent for the Connecticut Mu
tual Life Insurance Company, which po
sition he held until his death.
For four terms Russ was elected a
member of the local Board of Education,
serving as Its president for two years.
He was always known as a very able of
ficial. For a number of years he waa
president cf the Second Ward Republican
Club.
John Russ, the well known insuranca
man of this city, died this afternoon at .
his residence, 543 Albion street. The de
ceased had been confined to his home for
three months with heart trouble, and ths
end, though sudden, was not wholly un
expected.
Mr. Russ was a native of Vermont tnd
62 years of age. At 2> he graduated from
Mlddlebury College. Vermont, and for
several years taught In the Massachusetts
public schools. He was principal of the
Amboy (Illinois) High School for three
years. Leaving the schools, Russ entered
business in Hannibal, Mo., coming to Oak
land in 1879.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Oct. •».
Both young men shot themselves In the
same place and in both cases death was
immediate.
This afternoon they went to a hardware
store, purchased revolvers of the same
pattern and loaded them at the store.
Williamson left some friends, with whom
he had been talking, and a moment after
reaching his room flred a bullet into his
left temple.
Welsh boarded In another part of the
city and did not reach his room until mid
n?ght. He read for a half-hour, then
placed his revolver to his left temple and
sent a bullet into his brain.
Separation from the Chicago young
woman did not lessen Williamson's pas
sion, and he grew morose and then
threatened suicide. On such occasions
Welsh expressed a determination to kill
himself also, and a week ago It was mu
tually understood that, when William
sen's burden : became unbearable both
would end their lives.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 4.— Marvin J.
Welsh and Georje B. Williamson, youns
men who came here from Chicago about
a month ago and both of whom were em
ployed in the office of the Bell Telephone
Company, committed suicide early this
morning- as the result of a compact en
tered into a week ago. It is said that
Williamson was engaged to a young lady
in Chicago, but her parents objected to
him and he came here with the hope of
forgetting her. He and Welsh had been
warm .friends in Chicago, and when Wil
liamson asked for a transfer from the
Chicago office to this city Welsh made a
similar request, saying to his friends that
he proposed to live and die with William
son.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REPORT OF LABOR BUREAU.
Wag^e Earners Suffer by Reason of
Building Trades Lockout.
AJ.BAJCY. N. TV. Oct. 4.-The State De
partment of Labor in its quarterly bulle
tin attributes the diminution of employ
ment and wages as almost wholly to labor
f '4l£putab
'•'The- lockout in the building trades of
ASanhattan and Bronx boroughs of New
York City," ;t Bays, "overshadowed all
other disputes of the summer and threw
• several thousand wage earner* out of
v. or K« ¦
• In ieneral, the bulletin holds that ex
'c?usiv« of the building trades New York
industries were generally as active as in
the ajtmraer of 1S02, which was a banner
•>r«r. '
According to the bulletin ' immigration
this (Omnier has exceeded even the rec
ord-bf-eakir.g current of last year, and
Indicates the eagerness of the low-paid
Uiboi+rs of Centra] and Southeastern Eu
rope Jtp enjoy the prosperity which, on
the f-fiole, ttlll reigns In the United
Stateei The largest contingents are stil!
the Italians, poles and other races of
Soutl^rn and Ontral Europe, with a low
rtandacrd of education. Notwithstanding
the great tidp of Immigration, the super
intfn# mt of the State Free Employment
Bureau in New York City states that at
no tfr»e during- th* quarter was he able
?o -m^t the demands for domestic help.
Burned by Escaping Gas.
-. i-uo. (1J .-\atoma street, was badly,
burned on the face yesterday afternoon
r>y an explosion of gas. Lalb was trying
y? find a leak in one of the Jets and struck
* "match. The escaping gas exploded and I
he had a narrow escape from serious In- j
Jury. He was treated at the Emergency i
Hospftat I
PROCESSION IS FORMED.
After the sermon tfce benediction was
pronounced and* the procession was then
formed in honor of the Feast cf the Ros
ary. To the strains of St Dominic's
band the procession marched from the
robing-rcom and down the main aisle of
the church to the street and then around
the entire block on which the edifice
stands. Hundreds of little children were
in the procession, the girls dressed In
white and wearing the insignia of their
religious schools.
The various banners depicting the les-
Fons of the rosary were borne aloft by
adults, and white robed priests slowly
marched along, all singing the prayers
of the rosary. A statue of the Virgin,
decorated with roses and surrounded by
candles, was borne on the shoulders of
four me-n. and a large number of women
and men were In the procession, together
with Sisters of the Dominican order.
All the adults in the procession carried
rosaries in their hands and moved the
beads as they recited the prayers. The
procession was witnessed by a large gath
ering of spectators.
BANNERS BORNE ALOFT.
The order of the procession was as fol
lows:
Grand marshal— J. B. Mclntyre; aid* to
grand marshal — John Doherty, William F. Sny
der, John Walsh. E. J. Dollard. Hugh McGin
r.is. T. B. McGlnnl*. D. A. White. Chester
Keogh. G. S. Olsen.
First dirlnlon— -Marshal. James Lewi«; croes
bearer. E. McKenna; acolytes. Jame« McKenna
and A. Olten; St. Dominic's Military Band:
rosary banner. A. MeKenna; Tounff Men's Holy
Name Society— Albion White, president: chant
er. Father Welch, O. P.; St. Dominie's Junior
Choir: Sunday-school frlrls: banner, first Joyful
Mystery. Matthew Azbe; St. Dominic'* banner
boy*; Sunday-achool boys, P. J. McKeon; the
Aquinas Society: banner, second Joyful Mys
tery. M. Farrell: banner, third Joyful Mystery,
Patrick Afhe: banner, fourth Joyful Mystery,
Patrick ltourke: banner, fifth Joyful Mystery,
Frank Rhodes.
Second division — Marshal, James McManus;
chanter. A. Panrlnl; banner, first Sorrowful
My»tery; banner, second Sorrowful Mystery; j
burner. Sodality of the Holy Name, F. J. Me-
In. honor of that victory we celebrate the
Fca*t <T the Hoses, which draws our thoughts
to the fact that God works wonder* by mean*
of sinr.l: thing*. The holy rogary has been
sanctioned by Pojvs and Bishops and the Iat»
Pontiff was devoted to the rojary cf the Holy
Virgin and added to its litany.
We should love the roeary o? Mary for what
it ha* done inside as well as outside the church.
Who can tell what wonders hav? be*-n wrought
by*irayers of the holy rosary? Multitudes have
b<en cured of evil and *in. and countless death
agrcnies have been softened. Hardened dinners
heve b*en Faved by It and heretics converted.
Yet there are people, and some in the church,
who despise it and say tlm such a mode of
prayer Is not for them.
Saintly men have said the rosary dally and
ordered It* recital, and kin^s and princes have
loved to rec'.te its prayers. It should be a
consolation to all of u*. and the sacred beads
should t><? In the hands of every man and
woman of the Catholic church.
The prayers of the ro«ary are simple and
beautiful fend they embrdy all that exists in
our religion. The rosary teaches us the sub
lirr;<? lessons of the church and works for the
redemption of .mankind. Love your beads and
carry them with you always. Tor In time of
peril they will protect you, and the Holy Queen
will bestow many MeFsinscs. Her intercession
is co powerful that no soul can remain in vice
if her aid Is asked. Place your trust in the
Hoiy v !rt:in and practice the many virtues
that adorn h«r saintly heritage.
HAS WORKED WONDERS.
The reverend preacher- then told of the
condition Gf Europe in the twelfth cen
tury and the existence of opposition and
oppression to the Catholic church. Contin
uing, he said:
In the time of St. Pominic thi* state of
hereby existed and Oo<i wac held responsible
for til crimes of man. The heretics preach»<l
that all kir.ds of fin mltht be committed ar.d
they denied the belief of future punishment or
award. They destroyed and desolated churches
«rd r-eojjle w<-r« persecuted. St. Dominic
prayed to God incessantly, and one night he
looked up !n th» dim church and uw the
vision cf the Holy Virgin. She bore a child
in h»r arms nnd divine music sounded. The
nair.t _r.roke into a rraver of praise and the
Holy Vhfta descended : nd pave him her ics^ry.
u-llins him to t«arh the i^opl? to love her'
child.
St. Dominic w^nt between the opposing
armies of the lnfldele and th? Christians and
Itrmombt them to lay down their arms. The
Christian army bow*-.! in prayer and the in*
fidfls w.tr.dered and then Joined in the praise
to the Holy Mother of Christ. Mary's rosary
was tke iiumble means by which Grd saved
the foi'!s of thousards of former infidels.
The devotion to the rosary grew apace. Pius
V prayed on the rosary that the army of the
Turks miRht b* scattered, and they were de
feated by the Christians at the battle of I>e
panto. The infidels were defeated not eo much
by the power of arrr.s as by the power of
prayer.
FCWIB OF TEE EOSARY.
The religious service was materially aid
ed by the special musical programme,
rendered under the direction of Dr. H. J.
Stewart, the organist of St. Dominic's.
The choir of the church was enlarged,
and the services of Madame Marquardt,
harpist, and of Theodore Mansfeldt, vlo
lincellLst, were utilized. .
Caesar Frank's famous "Mass in A" was
rendered by the choir, organ and instru
mentaJlsts. it being the first time that
the renowned composition had been heard
In San Francisco.
The sequence was "0. Salutaris." sung
by Miss E. V. McCloskey and composed
by Dr. Stewart. For the offertory Miss
Camllle Frank sang "Alma Virgo." by
Hummel, and the concerted music con
sisted of "Asperges. '• by Dethier, and
"Venl Creator." by Hammerl.
The sermon was preached by Rev.
Father J. P. O'Connor, O. P.. and was
mainly devoted to the duty of all Cath
olics to use the rosary. He said, that
while man was obliged to utilize power
ful means to attain certain ends, Gcd
worked through what seemed small sub
jects. He cited the deliverance of Is
rael by the rod of Moses, the death of
Goliath by the sling and pebble of David,
the wooden cross as a means for the re
demption of mankind and the saving of
the worid by twelve lowly men.
SPECIAL MASS IS SUNG.
A large congregation gathered at St.
Dominlc'e Church, Bush and Stelner
streets, yesterday morning to witness the
celebration of the Feast of the Roses, one
of the most important events In the his
tory of the Catholic Church, and which
dates back to the year 1BTL
la honor of the potency of the recital
of the prayers of the rcsary, which, tra
dition asserts, led to the defeat of the
Turks by the Christians at the battle of
Lepanto. the anniversary is always cele
brated by elaborate services In all Catho
lic churches.
The Interior of St. Dominic's Church
presented an impressive appearance at
the services held yesterday morning. The
main and side altars were ablaze with
lighted candles and almost every variety
of Californian flowers had been utilized
to decorate the sacred structures.
As the congregation entered the church
acolytes presented the worshippers with
beautiful flowers, and the air was filled
with fragrant odor. Previous to the cele
bration of the mass the officiating priests
proceeded through the church and blessed
the roses presented to the congregation.
The mass was an impressive one, and
was celebrated by Rev. J. C. Kourk, O.
P.. assisted by Rev. Father Newall,
deacon, and Rev. Father Clyne, sub
deacon.
oughly dignified figure in h!s hands. Mr. j
.Bienchard's accent is not yet of the C*om
;edie Francaise. but he was always Intel- |
*ir;h> and adequate on the dramatic side. :
Of the smaller roles Miss Millicent j
Ward as Aricie, Mis? Beatrice Snow as ;
•Ifmene. and Augustus C. Keane as Ther- j
amenes, and Beu'ah Hook as Panope j
S'iled in with varying acceptance. The !
mlse -en' scene /was almost identical with !
the palrcs and chairs and table-s of the ;
-"Twelfth Night" ar.d as fully adequate. I
Only the three entrances at the back of j
the stage were used, however, and the !
purple thrones cf Phedre were added, j
And no more beautiful stage picture has ;
yet t>een seen in the Greek theater than !
•hit of Phedre and her maidens in their!
•lovely purples, yellows, whites and reds, j
Suitable accompanying music was fur- j
bished by a good orchestra in Dr. H. J. |
Stewart'? charge, and an audience of be
tween tv.o and three thoutand listened ¦
with enjoyment to this notable student !
jlXalr. J; were advisable, by the way, to j
begin earlier on another occasion. 3 •
¦r dock at. a starling time not allowing j
\isitors from San Francisco and way J
cities sufficient time to get home to dine. !
.1 know. BLANCHE PARTIKGTON.
acoustics of the theater the young ama-
need not feel distressed as to this.
Mr. Morrissey's gesture was graceful and
fitting.
THE SMALLER BOLES.
if The other chief male part. Thesee. was
¦ /'rederick Blanchards care, and a thor-
equipment. More dramatic temperament.
however. If in the makeup of Miss
Celeste R. Lacnj-te, who as Oenone gave
a very clever performance. Miss I^acoste
ipstfnotively doe? tho tiling: dramatic. !n
pFSture. raevtuumt, accent, and has, too,
a .fine and pretty French. She was a
charming picture in her cloak of fine red
c\ er a black anbeacued white.
Flippolyte was essayed by Thomas Mor
rissey with considerable success. Like all
the work. Mr. Morrissey's was distin
guished by notable sincerity and con
science added to a pood deal of poetic in
stinct and some dramatic insight. His
delivery, however, apparently, modeled
on a memory of the Comedle Francaise.
was .too elow, becoming from its tempo
sometimes monotonous and affected. Some
of the words got lost, too, from beingr
pHched too lew, thouch where some of
Mr. Greets players failed to catch the
the center cf the stage acain and held
ill through a whele Fce^e of heroics. That
SA' 9 will have to be watched. He has
the etar hab'.t pretty strongly developed
already.
• FOLLOWING BEENHARDT.
To M!es Grace Llewelyn Jones fell the
ohejous duties cf the title role. Miss
Jones has evidently studied her Bem
hardt to advantage, and gave a thorough
ly graceful and Intelligent performance
of the part. Her excellent French added
largely to the rr.e-rit of the portrayal, and
In her charminK and effective costume the
young siuder.t locked the part admirably.
¦ She na5 mostly heard quite clearly and
Miss Jones has a musical voice that is
not the least attractive thins in her
¦ ' Classic French tragedy, the "Phedre"
• bf -Racine, fittingly closed Saturday after
' Tioon the <Jp4icatory ceremonies of the
£ew Gr*>ek theater at the University of
.. California. The Bernhardts and Mounet
f•J'.'.yr of the university presented the
"pli(y. with the aid of the Belascos «. the
faculty.
- • Greek comedy, old English comedy and
• «)"<;»' classic Fernch tragedy, have lnti
'. rnatelr tested the beauty and fitness of the
. elastic background of the new theater.
i^frfek. ccmedy found therein its native
• £lr.\ Nor more essentially happy in its
Vetting 4id this appear than the comedy
]'bt England, of twenty eenturits later.
'•"Phedre." with its Greek motive and
tragic majesty, found the divinely sulta
•-t'e in surroundings In the noble stage of i
fche Greek, theater.
••Granted the wisdom of the choice of;
I "Fbedre." th#t for student presentation i
• re often to objection on more sides than j
I # £ne, Saturday'? presentment of the Racine
.i drama was highly ereditabie to both ac- ;
tors tr.d managers. As an effort of mem- :
\<V>- alone, where forty, fifty. Alexandrine
lir.ff At a stretch are common for the ac
¦fot 'it is a prodigious task. After the
. mere word memorizing comes the tre- ;
! mondous difficulty of delivering Alexan- ;
drives without monotony, cf the right
. ;ii-acing of emphasis, the matter of the
.rpusic of the thinr. n-ith the. to students, j
:V.:-;.-: difficulties imposed by a foreign .
tongue. Then comes the whole dramatic ;
' expression and with the emotional caliber J
Qf t '"Phedre" is is not easily seen how j
fhe students could have chosen any more i
difficult task.
Surprisingly well, therefore. In their ;
. «igiufled and earnest performance the :
. students acquitted themselves. Their '
• fork throughout showed the mark of I
severe and careful rtudy and confeien- •
• tious rehearsal. The lines were all there. <
.'•nd'in nioftlv Rood French. The action
of the play went smoothly and the play- ;
ers throughout the cast showed a notably I
Intelligent conception of their parts.
Among them must not be forgotten the
Mage struck dog that made its debut in
*Twelfth Night" last week. To the tune
.«f the one laugh of the tragedy he took;
BARRE, Vt.. Oct. 4.— One man dying.
another suffering; from a, serious but not
necessarily fatal bullet wound, and a
third under arrest, charged with firing
the shots, is the outcome of the latest
clash between the anarchists and Social
ists of this city. The feeling between the
two oartles had been intense for many
months, and conflicts more or less serious
have been of almost dally ocurrence.
A number of anarchists attempted to
break up a meeting of Socialists last
night and precipitated a right, during
which". It Is alleged, Alexander Gartetto
fired three shots from a. revolver, wound
ing Eli Cortl and Emllo Vochlni. Corti,
It is said, will die.
Dr. Giaclnto Monettl Zerratl, editor of
the Socialist newspaper published in New
York, had been Invited to address local
Socialists, some fifty of whom had
congregated in Socialist Hall. While the
audience was awaiting the arrival of the
speaker, fifteen anarchists, headed by
Corti, made their appearance at the hall
and declared that they -would not permit
Zerrati to address the gathering. During
the fight that followed the threat. It is
alleged. Garretto drew a revolver and
flred point blank at Corti, the ball lodging
in the latter's stomach. The second shot
went wild, and the third struck Vochinl
In the arm. When the anarchists saw
their leader fall they sprang upon Gar
retto and hurled him cown stairs to the
street. The fight ended only when a large
detail of police had reached the hall. Dr.
Zerrati is detained as a witness and on
a charge of breach of peace.
Religious Parade Through the
Streets Witnessed by
Crowds.
'Rendering of Racine Drama
* Highly Creditable to All
-. • Concerned.
Prominent Republican and
Former School Director
Is Called.
Two Men Are Seriously In
jured, One of Whom Is
Likely. to Die.
Adopt Similar Methods go
Out Short Their
Careers. \
Young Men Keep an
Agreement to Die
Together.
Impressive Service Held
at St. Dominic's
Church.
tThi vereity Students Pre
'.-' sent "Phedre" at
; ' . Greek TSeater.
John Russ Is Carried
Away by Heart
Failure.
Socialists Resent an At
tempt to Break Up
a Meeting.
END CEREMONY
OF DEDICATION
FEAST OF ROSES
IS CELEBRATED
INSURANCE MAN
PASSES TO REST
COMPACT LEADS
TO TWO SUICIDES
BULLETS GREET
THE ANARCHISTS
MARGARET CAMERON WEDS
CHICAGO MANUFACTURER
Divorced Wife of San Francisco Insurance
Man Becomes the Bride of Harrison
G. Lewis, Member of Big Type , Firm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Bottle/^^P^ EY !
P F? BUDDER |
uUfBSfeL >K CURE I
ror p*ins ia thm teak, BrtokV* dls- B
•as* Incontinence at wfcu! tatak I
dropsy, diabetes, rh«nai*SVau B
Only by wnwrrtnj potsoooaa *dd --,, B
rheumatic and neuraij«o troubl.s «. H
cur*. Crtc acid finds it, w»7 teto thl II
bleed becaus* th«- KldMy. ar. wZ**v£Z B
and do not throw it ©ft from tfe* 8T»t«T, B
Re.tcr« the ICJdneys and yon i^tsjrS I
power that will fore. th« urte^ct? ft^ B
the body. That Is just what McBurn^ H
Kidney and Bladder Cttr« do««7 uS2L! B
th* deadly urto add from tht btood^M B
sustains the orran. that sustain UrJ" ud I
are jskl ~ l JH%£«£ 1
SOU Mfr. 88 8. Bprta, it., Lo2xgS£ BTHE SAN FKASTC3SCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1903.
8
fTKT.P TVAiyTKO— MALE Cow.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
6007 men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA, OREGON
NEVADA. : ;<¦#¦ WILLITS. UKIAH
And all points north, east, south on Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS, DRILLERS
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen
MINES. TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
90 miners all over State. $90 and $82 00.
165 drillers all over State. $82 SO and $73.
3G5 laborers and muckers everywhere, $60,
$75 and $82 60.
04 tlmberm«n, carmen, furnacemen, $00 to
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
23C farm and orchard hands, $30. «35. $40 fd.
60 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$50 fd.;
26 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc.. $30
to *4O fd.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60
and found.
MURRAY & READY.
. 634-630 aay Bt.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
/ *,» ... IN * STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found. "~~~ „_
19C mill and yard men. $50 to $150
365 WOODCHOPPERS.
.„ , 237 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50. $60. 870. $80, $90, $100,
$125 to 5150 a month.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIALS TO-DAY.
ARIZONA — TO-NIGHT.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $82 50, $76
$C7 50.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to rile lumber. $G0.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
1C4 teamsters. laborers, etc., free fare,
$67 50.
65 laborers, special electric R. R., near dtr
$67 60.
RESERVOIR WORK.
00 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $60.
¦ $67 50.
COAL MINERS — OREGON — FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 day. |
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen, ?S2 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30, $35, $40, $60,
$70, $80 found.
Best Wages at MURRAY & READY'S,
Best Places at C34-G36 Clay st.
—BOARD YOURSELVES—
— $2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK—
155 Greeks or Portuguese: new work.
1S5 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Austrlans or Spaniards; new work.
158 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY &. READY. <r,4-e36 Clay st.
cooks, waiters] porters!
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fU.
12 waiters., city and counts*-. $25 to ?40 fd.
]<"> elevator and bell boys and porters.
Baker for mine, ?45 fd.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay Bt.
MIDNIGIrT ORDERS— "
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $90.
Meat cutter, shop, $15; shop butcher, $2 50.
BIO. GOOD MINE.
C5 laborer*, you'll suit, ?W) to $75.
Clerk, charge hat department, fare $1, $60.
Sticker hand, city mill, $4 day.
Butcher, shop, fare SI. $45 and found.
FRESNO— FRESNO.
?5 woodsmen, fare paid: see us.
Head Dolbeer logger, $00.
2 young men. learn leather tanntag. $9 week.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city, S3 a day.
3 painter*; stripe, letter: $2 .'.0 to $1 a day.
Cook, also waiter. Nevada, S.'.O and $-10 fd.
2 coolers, factory. 20c i'nre. $3 25 day
FREE FARE.
12 laborers, 12 m!!e.i away, $C0.
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st.
¦ insTdF~\vork~-IZI "
no lost time — work every day
year round.' •
fare— special rate— $5
55 leborer.* — YOU CAN DO IT— $00 to $75.
MURRAY & READY. CM-Cob' Clay st.
WAGES $75. I WAGES!
WAGES $82 50. WAGES.
XI two-horse, four-horse teamsters, $75.
20 laborers and muckers. $75.
2Tt drillers and headermen. $S2 50.
Manager here; cost von $1 fee; $t fee
THAT'S ALL.
-< DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO— nUTTE. <7HICO— BUTTE
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS^ "
3 sl>.ck' coopers, flc.
8 cabinet makers.
Cut-off sawyer; 12 boys to learn trades, city.
SG BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California $50 ¦
$60, $70. ?S0. $510 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
C.16 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excava-
ting, building, etc.; many In San Francisco;
lots to board home. ?2. $2 26. $2 5O. *2 75 a
day; 0(5 carmen and furnace men, $67 and $75.
35C3 positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY * READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st.
VERY IMPORTANT"bR~DERs! ~~~
IN MILL AND FACTORY.
6 laborers, 00c fare, no blanxets, ?2 day.
Teamster, llsrht city waron. $12 week.
Man, break, care colts, fare $1, $25 found.
., MARRIED
Man. wife, no other woman there, 5 cows
and chores: wife. cook. 6 men; 10c fare; boss
here; $r»5 and found.
TO EUREKA. $2 50.
?5 laborers, big lumber Co., $60 to $75.
Man, cut meat, city institution, fV) found.
12 young men, city mills and factories, $.1 50
a day.
Vest, shirt, coat makers. 3 men. north.
VERY MURRAY A READY,
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
42ft Bush st «42 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
lfO laborers. Reno, Nevada, *2.
100 laborers, Beowawe, Nevada, $2.
100 laborer?, Gclconda. Nevada, $2.
100 laborers. Valmy, Nevada, $2.
1C0 laborers. Fenelon, Nevada, $2.
Board $4 50 week.
Absolutely free fare; office fee $1.
FOR CASPAR TUNNEL. MENDOCINO CO.
laborers, pick ard shovel work, $2.
Steamer galls to-day. Free Fare.
FOR MARIN COUNTY, CAL.
Muckers, tunnelmen. laborers, $2 25-$2 50.
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
, 20 trackmen, new R. R. work. $2 25.
10 teamsters, Solano Co.. $2 25 day; garden-
er private place, $30; 2 boys to label cans,
$20.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Broiler ond third cook, country hotel, $50.
Vegetable cook. city. $65; cook, country ho-
tel. $40*; second cook, hotel, north, $50; 3
waiters, country hotels, $30-$35; butcher,
country, $35; slaughterer, country, $35; Ger-
man waiter, country restaurant. $35; dish-
washers, pctwasher*. kitchen hands, porters,
sllvermen, pantrymen, bell, elevator boys,
city and country, $25-$"0-*35; handy man,
country hotel, $22 50; night clerk, country
hotel. $35.
C R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agency.
429. Bush st 042 aay st.
A YOUNG man to tend bar and work around
country hotel, $35 and found, references nec-
essary; a second butler for private family,
one wllllnc to learn will do, but must have
references, $35 and found. MISS PLUNK-
I ETT, 425 Sutter st., near Powell. Office not
open Sundays.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
Dairyman, good milker and butter maker, for
large private place, $35 found, steady work;
vegetable gardener for same place, $30; sec-
ond butler, city, $40; dishwasher. $26 and
" $8 a week, etc.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when ,you can get it done for 25c. BOo
and 60c while you wait at 5C3 Mission St.;
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.7
BOY about 15 years for nernral work; good
position. H. KRAMER 20 Sansome st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; steady. 122
Third st. • •-¦•¦
YOUNG man to work around hotel. 1443 Har-
rison st.
DRUMMER for merchant tailor; good com-
mission. 40 Ellis «t. room 49.
WANTED-^FIrst-class painters at 463 Geary
St.. bet Mason and Taylor.
GOOD hands on vests; also apprentice with
experience. 641^ Stevenson et., S. F.
BOY, 17 years old. factory work. Pacific Shoe
Polish Co., 217 Ellis st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. - 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store. 424 Kearny st.
"WANTED — Dishwasher. 238 Townsend st.
3 LABORERS: pick and shovel. Fourteenth
ave. and N st. south ; take Kentucky-st. cars.
A BRIGHT, energetic boy In first-class jewelry
: store. Apply, at 14 Geary st.
WANTED— A' strong: young man as porter.
212 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASSfcsatoon porter: wages $12 per
week. *152 East St.; call early-
MEDICAL. .,.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHTSICLW;"
DOCTOK WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WIETH. specialist for all fsmal<»
complaints: instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to *2« 1'ost st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist ior all fe-
male troubles and lrrssularitles: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S' ; j Marxet st.. cpp. Stii.
DR. G. W. O'DONHfl LL — Al; who ar-r sick or
in trouble consult this sDec:alist on fema'«
complaints: positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cas-e* treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Markat st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics female complaints: lns-t. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. ex per.
MRS.'D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low feea.
A mat-rnlty villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alaaneda.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2005 Folsom st.. corner
2Cth; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERDS;
original method of treatment. 1120 ?larket »t.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31» Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALS.
DOES YOUR ROOF~LEAK7
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: beet for new roofs.
ELATERITK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market it.
FOR sale — Collection postage stamps, envel-
opes, cards and wrappers; some rare ones:
bargain; no dealers; call Sundays after 'i
p. m. ; week days after 6 p. ra. 11 Rlncoa
ave.. off Second st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc.. bought, soldi
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beaie sQ
FOR sale cheap. $25. first-class ticket to Ca^
lumbus, Ohio; suitable for medium blond 1
lady; final limit Oct. 1ST 1003. Address
Blondln. 800 K at.. Sacramento. Cal.
STEAM engines for sale at great bargain; 20)
and 3O HP.; also pulleys; hanger and laun-
dry machine. Von Serkey Gas Engine Co..
219-221 Main st.
. — ¦
45 GENTLE dairy cows; fresh springers; must
go in 3 days or owner takes possession again;
cheap for cash. Mission road, near Flve-
Mlffc House. __^__^_______
A— Fine suits. $7 50: drees pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny et..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Bunday to noon.
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. S30 Kearny St.. nea»
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A^-BUYS. eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 5O pair;
foot-form shoes- .at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
VERY cheap— A scholarship in a first-class Saa
Francisco business college. P. O. box 14.
- Berkeley.
3. 6 A&D 10 hp. gasoline engines; second-hand:
all sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122
Market st.
- ¦¦ ' ¦
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS pump. windmill. tank and
tower; cheap. 20C0 Howard st.. near 28th.
FOR sale — Fine lot of moving pictures; great
bargain. Novelty Theater. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-I
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t. *^
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. g
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sljes. EU- ™
GENE RILEY & SON3. 109 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :e>imp stools and chair*; hammocks,
metal beds.mattress«s.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupt, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automcblles and launches;
all slses. J. E. DOAK. 4*5 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 119 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — Th<? Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
! MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices Tor buildings and tak*s
less time to wreck and remove. Office, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth: phonf Mint 3011.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES^
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing arvl
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 454.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~"~~~~~ — ~—
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly. Jt
- Estates, second mortgages, undivided intetO©
ests, assignments of rents, property tn trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. *%
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy: special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-69 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO S PER CEN1V
' DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
1 will loan on 1st. 2d or 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO, OAKLAND. TOWN, COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE la
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2498, Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store " 849
Market st.; tel. Main 1&44. Branch. 19 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bld»«
THE Oi>en Credit Assn. makes advances to
responsible salaried people, confidentially;
new and simple plan: easy inot ailments.
Room 50. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant are.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W..
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldf^%
3% OS furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. ft Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 3. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to \
salaried employes. R-311.MutuaI Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner bid*.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman St Hyde upright " «iit
Fiisher \*-. ea
Singer 153
2 Stelnways $1C5 3C0
2 Chlckertngs ga . l3-»
2 Helnes 237 3*3
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase: install-
ments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO 235-237 Geary st larg-
est exclusive piano house of Ute West. *
AN upright piano shipped by high class EastI
ern manufacturers will be sold at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st..
THIS AD IS OUR BIGGEST EXPENSE™
We pay no rent, as we own the bwUding.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano in the city for tj
per month. Now we can sell you one Just th4
•ame. Our expenses are so very nnleh leal
than other firms, why not Investigate^ prices
and compare notes? Invest 8c carfare, and Vav"
from $75 to $15f> on a piano. SCOTT-GUPT \s
PIANO CO.. 660-62-64 Hayes st. r RT - W
YOU do not tali, any chances when* buying
from us. Our methods are well known to h«
op« and above board. "Big bar^aTS, not
big ads." ia our rule. All (roods guaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and see larc«
assortment of new and used instrument* ¦
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC QO 7,^
Market st. jT'-^,
A STECK & GABLER upright nearly new •
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister! '
RAP.* chance; cash or payments; elegant hlci
i «raSi» upright. 1« McAllister «»
HELP WAMED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1&3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, lumber camp hotel $25
Waitresses and chambermaids, same country
hotel $25-?20
WauresB, short distance $25
Waitresses, city and country $20-$,25
1 Chambermaids to watt, chambermaids.$20-$25
Swedish cook, few boarders, short distance,
nice winter place, fare paid $3C
Woman with a child, cook for few boarders,
hotel, country, party here $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Second girl, Stockton, fare paid, $20; house
Elrl and nurse girl, San Rafael, party here
Monday 11 a. m. ; house girl, 2 In family,
clt'-. $25; second girl, care of invalid lady,
$25; 2 second girls, city, $25; cooks, house
Slrl, s»cond «lrls, others. /
C. I». HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A PARLOR maid and waitress for Oakland,
$30, see lady here Monday; a German cook
for small German family, $35; a cook and
laundress, American family In city, $30; 4
chambermaids, assist waiting, tin city board-
lng-Iiouaes and hotels. ?20 each; a nurse to
care for 2 children In city, $30; a cook for a
priest's household. $30; 50 housework girls
for city and country placis, $20 to $30. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 8utter St., near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at ?10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — LADIES. learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, x massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, 'sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — WOMAN wanted who understands the mak-
ing of ladles' underwear, to act as forelariy.
none but experkneed r.eed aprly. 656. Mis-
sion st., third floor.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 321,4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
GIRL wanted to do cooking and general house-
work; 2 In family; wages $20. Call be-
tween S and 10 a. m., 227 Ashbury St., near
Hayes.
COMPETENT girl for downstairs work and
cooklr.R. 214 Spruce St., between Clay and
Washington.
GIRL to learn making leaves and flow era. $2
week while learning. 704 Larkln st. ; frame
store.
FIRST-CI.ASS finisher on custom coats; good
wages; also an apprentice. 110 Olive ave.,
oft Polk st.. bet. Elite and O'Farrell.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. C3G Mission St., third floor.
A — OPERATORS on chlldren - s woolen dresses
and coats. C50 Mission St.. third floor.
FINISHER and ladles' tailoress. H. KRA-
MER. 20 Sansome Bt.
A GIKL for second work; German or Scan-
dinavian oreferrcd. 2(523 California st.
A GIKL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; small fam.; good wages. 770 McAllister.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
Bt.. room 33.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $15. 121(Hj Golden Gate ave.
A NEAT girl; experienced cook; good waxes.
1180 O'Farrell st.
NEAT, reliable young girl for branch bakery;
wages $15. 536 Castro st.
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking.
1542 (McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes •• p. m. Wednesday: -salary no object.
WANTED — First-class demonstrator; must be
of good appearance; one who understands
hair goods preferred; state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1687, Call.
WANTED^Asslstant manager for house fur-
nishing goods store; must be up to date;
state age. experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3502. Call : office.
WANTED — Good pants finishers; good wages.
Apply at once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st.
ASSISTANT manager. large' grocery store; state
experience, salary expected, age, etc. Ad-
dress box 1700. Call office.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
BUSINESS woman for responsible traveling po-
sition; must furnish reference and security.
Box 1211). Call. ¦,;:•. ::-.
GIRLS about' 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES it HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento r.t.
GIRL, plain cooking, light housework; $25. 1214
Eddy. st. . ' '
EXPERIENCED tailoress on fine vests. 423
Natoma st. <-'s^{ >.'.-';
TRUSTWORTHY woman to L manage a busi-
ness out of the city. Box 1CS3, Call office.
WAIST, skirt and sleeve hands; also Improvers.
MULRONEY. 110 Geary st. .
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
42 Stanley place, bet. First and Second sts.
FUR liners; best pay: only first-class need
apply M. H. ROBINSON. 405 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on men's custom coats;
steady work; high wages. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED — First-class waist, Bklrt and coat
hands. J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl do cooking and general house-
work; refs. Apply mornings, 1709 Baker st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a hlgh-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. Q. Barrett, instructor. 302 • Montgomery.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
09 Third ft., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON. GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
199 laborers. $2 a day. >
We Sh'p Dally on All Trams.
. Crowds Are Going. Are You? .
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
' 5 coal miners. 6-foot vein. $1 a ton.
BUTTE COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half Fare. $2 80. Fee f 1.
25 teamsters. $75 a month.
20 drillers, $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, trackmen, woodchoppers and
right of way men, $2 25 a day.'
OREGON. "- FREE FARE.
75 Greek and Italian laborers, $2 to $3 a day.
HUMBOLDT CO.
28 laborers, $2 to $3 a day; fare advanced
and half fare *2 50.
MENDOCINO' CO. FREE FARE.
7 mill and yard men, $30 and board. •
12 laborers for R. R.. $2 a day.
Janitor, . Institution, $23, board, bed and
laundry.
Ranch choreman. $25 a month.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 69 Third st.
BARBERS— One of the nicest and best-pay-
ing 3-chair shops north of Market: low rent.
Apply 430 Turk et., between 12 and lp. m.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
A LAUNDRESS, young, strong, thoroughly
I capable, wants a place In a private family in
! country or city; has good city references.
Call or address MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter et., near Powell.
A GERMAN nuy*e, younij and strong, with
bet>t of city references, wants a place to
care for an Infant; expects $30 a month.
Send any communication to MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell. Office not
open Sundays. •
A SWEDISH cook and housework girl, 5 years'
references, wants a situation at $30 month.
Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter st.,
j near Powell.
I DRESSMAKING In families on ladles' and
! children's clothes; also renovating; by an
: exi<eritnced dressmaker; $1 S6 oer day. Box
I 1216. Call office.
! FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes position in the
fame family 3 days a week; wages $2 week;
references given. Apply 612 Treat ave., near
; Nineteenth st.
COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position"; will substitute; salary. $55 per
month. Address bcx 4015. Call office.
WANTED — Position as companion and secre-
tary to lady or nurse to convalescent. Box
1211. Call office.
COMPETENT weman wants silk underwear or
flannels to wash at home. 759A Howard Bt.
! WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
' Call at Eatcn's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
I EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—MALE.
i EXPERIENCED young man wishes situation
as clerk or cashier In hotel or restaurant; has
experience as clerk In leading cigar stores of
this city; will travel for good firm; best city
references; can talk German. Box 1C09, Call.
' WANTED — Situation as barkeeper or helper In
saloon; best of references; little experience.
; «',43 Broadway.
MAN about place, gardening; handy with
tools; no cows; private family. Box 4062,
Call office.
A STEADY, reliable and energetic man wants
positlcn of some kind: not afraid of hard
wcrk; can give good references; am also a
Free nm\ Accepted Mason In good standing.
Box 1GCT). Call office.
j YOUNG man. good habits, respectable, wishes
place In wholesale house or clean shop work;
handy and willing to work; moderate wages;
wishes to attend night school. G. M. F..
box 1210, Call. ,
' ENGINEER, age 25, sober and steady machln-
; 1st at.d electrician; understands ice making
i and cold storage. Address C, room 58,
Clifford Houv. 204 Ellis st.
; YOUNG man. well educated and reliable, with
1 business experience and knowledge of book-
! keeping, wants position; references from last
: place. Box 4399, Call.
j WANTED by an American. 35 years of ag«,
who has had 15 years of business experience,
position: would prefer outside work as sales-
; man. solicitor or collector. Box 1213. Call.
j MAN and wlfo want situations: man can speak
Herman. Spanish and English; can do any
kind of work; wife speaks Italian and Span-
Ifh. Box 43;t2. Call.
j SITUATION wanted e» mechanical engineer or
: construction or designing: engineer lcr general
I mill work by technical graduate; be6t of ref.
i erences. Box 4017. Cal!.
j BY tool and die maker and also do general
light machine bench and repair work; fully
I equipped with tools. Ingenuity and 12 years'
i experience. Box 4023. Call.
YOUNG man. some knowledge of assaying,
wishes position wlthj good chance to learn;
wages no object. Box -10O»5. Call.
[ A BRIGHT young man. speaks French, Italian,
' wishes a position; willing to put bonds; col-
! lector preferred. Apply box 1093, Call office.
! BY a young man as carpenter's helper; can
• do most any kind of carpentering. Address
! box 1218, Call office.
¦ A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position;
, city; private family, sober, obliging; good
! references. Box 4386, Cnll.
I SITUATION wanted as night watchman; best
i city reference given. Box 1002. Call' office.
. FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes situation; best
I refertnecs. Address box 4304, Call.
j A RELIABLE sober Eastern man wants work
j of any kind: moderate salary. Box 4033. Call.
j JAPANESE married couple would like eltua-
1 tlcns; man good housework or gardener and
; wife good cook. Address J. HaMAMOTO.
I 533 Sixteenth »Et., Oakland.
I JAPANESE man and wife want situations as
conk and houseworker; best relerences. T.
NIINOMI. 18 St. Mary St., city.
JAPANESE boy wishes work on every Satur-
day near 600 Baker st. OKUJI SUDA, 810
Stockton st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position of
schoolboy. GEORGE FU.IITA, 1320 Pine st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received st Call branch o'f!c«\ 2200 FIHmore.
financial:
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH-GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward building, ,
>*JiV ¦ San Francisco, Cat.
A CHANCE to Invest $1000 to $10,000 and
double your money In less than one year;
negotiation direct: Investigate. Address 67b
Twenty-first St., Oakland. ~
FLATS TO LET. \
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250 Geary
it-, on the sQuare.
FOR .RENT — In the Mission warm belt, nice-
ly furnished flat, piano and telephone. 2065
Howard Bt.. 7 rooms and bath. ASHTON &
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
• TWO beautiful sunny flats, is. and 7 rooms,
large cellar and porch: Just newly renovated.
1610 Bush St.. nr. Van Ness ay«. ; rent $32 50.
AN elegant new flat, northeast corner McAlIls-
Iter and Pierce sts.; 8 rooms and attic. '
MODERN sunny flat, 6 rooms. 10 Waller St.,
facing Duboce Park; rent reasonable.
NEW sunny 5-room flats reduced to $22 50.
2031 Brodtrlck st. : key next door. '
POST. 1339 — Modern new flat, 8 rooms and
bath; sun in every room.
SCOTT. 1328,. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Elegant
sunny new flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $35.
SIXTH. 129 — Sunny modern flat of 7 rooms ;
- suitable for doctor, dentist or family.
SUNNY flat. 516 Jones st, 7 cozy rooms; sult-
able tor physician or family.
J A WEEK'S news for D cents — The Weekly Call
IC pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FURXITUHE WANTED. V,
A. WOLLFERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462
.buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.'
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 24S1.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H
JJURD. auctioneer.1818 Mkt.;Ul.Howard 275«. 1
SPIRITU ALISM. .
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et., nr. Octavla; phone Scott SS7. j
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAI11VOYAXTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
SI *1 (1 $1 $1 $L $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco. I
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee [
to make no charge if I fail to til! you your
name, occunation and what you cailcd for;
I premise to tell you whether husband, wife
cr sweetheart Is true or false; I teil you !
whom and when rou will marry; In fact. I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
t'.-tter than you can tell yourself; I improve
your character so that you will reach the
hipheft possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; so you will live happy ani contented 1
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 !
p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to 8. 320 O'Farr.MI st.. 320. I
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; the reads Aour life correctly, gives an
accurate descrlpfftin of the past, reveals the '
present happiness and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, cr have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great med'.um and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affair*
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 453*.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market j
st.. '•or. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1; j
full life, ?5; send lock of hair, date and year j
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce, !
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter, i
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond fight; tells the part, present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has eecond sicht; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c: G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.av.
MME WALTERS, great card reader:ladies 2V,
others fall; call on this celebrated medium:
satisfaction or no pay. 413 Mason st.no sign.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
name* riven; 25c up. 6 4th st., near Market, j
MME. WALTERS great card reader;ladles 25c, j
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun. |
MRS?. BIIOWN. clairvoyant, card reader: ladiea 1
25c. gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st. i
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city, i
26Vi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c. I
MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. gents 60c; houre 1-8. 545 Minna.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
650B Minna st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; stt-
tlngs dal'.y. 44S^ Jessie gt.> bet. 5th and Cth.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41."> Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. .'i.'S'iO 1
CHIROPODISTS. :
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— Alt !
ailments of the test cured; corns, bunions, etc. I
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNSET district — Newly built cottage, 8 '
rooms unfurnished, cr 7 rooms furnished; j
bath, stable, chicken house, laundry, large i
garden; cheap. 14S0 Tenth ave., nr. K Et. j
FURNISHED cottage. 114 Hawthorne, nr. Fol-
som. bet. 2d and 3d: 5 rooms, bath; $30.
DEXTISTS,
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market St..
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates 1
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50. up; plates, j
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUBS. 504-5^6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
end McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drllliiHt, and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof ,
call at office. 1
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.1 Market. nr.EIeventh !
— No charge for extracting when plates are '
n.ad»; old plates made over like new; teeth j
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given. 1
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break; ;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 5<V; ¦
plates. $5: full set ; all wcrk ra'.n'. ens and n-ar- !
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2( Sixth at. j
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2% Kearny. cor. Bush — !
Set teeth $1 CO up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c. j
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, "5e; crowns, $2; no ;
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewi*t.2i>l Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRKSSES i
McDOWELL Dreosmaking and Millinery School '
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market, j
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew- j
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor, j
i
DYEIXG AXD CLIMAXING. i
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets.
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacraminto; phone I
for wagon West 453. H. HICKMAN, pres. t
= i
EDUCATIONAL. j
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian j
Association conducts a night school for men, j
an engineering school, an evening law school, |
a working boys' night school and a day busl- 1
ness and academic school. Students have ;
gymnasium and other privileges. Apply at |
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts. I
! HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S. '
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, '
languages, telegraphy, English branches; I
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free, j
AYIIES, the leading business college. ~'?.l Mar-
ket st.; sj-cclal summer course In all depart- I
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar- j
ehlp, $50: day and evening sessions. ;
__ 1 1
CALIFORNIA Buslneoe College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured ior 1
graduates; modern methods; Individual In- I
Etruction. Write for Illustrated catalogue. . I
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening cessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancin*; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's claspes are now open for the season.
A — SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 12J0 |
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable; |
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electriclty.24 Post
st., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der NalII»n School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
FIRST-CLASS piano Instruction: monthly re-
cital*, harmony and musical history free;
terms moderate. 14 McAllister St., room 57.
SPANlKH.Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
! of Languages.320 Post;estab'd 1871 ; ablest profs.
! KENT Law School, day and night; 12th year;
a thorough law course. 554 Parrott building.
GOLDEN Gate Com' I College, 530 Golden Gate
ave. ; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.. .Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOY3IEXT OFFICES^!
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. BuslTm^
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nuhes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In The
I New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main B752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 V, O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 8188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 aay.
E M PLO YM EXT WAXTED FEMALeT
RESPECTABLE lady would like position as
housekeeper or cook for section-house.*-- Call
CS-7« Ellis st., room 01. between 1 and 3.
FINNISH girl, new arrival, wishes place do
general housework. 109 H Germania ave.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In private
family. Call at 1815^4 Webster St.. nr. Pine.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like housekeep-
er's position or cooking; no objection to
- country. Add. 132 Rose ave., near Halght st.
A COLORED woman wishes work by. the day
washing or cleaning. Address M.\L., 127
Second st. . ' ¦"^kVlte
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BTTErXEES OFFICE of the San Franclrco
Cel! rrrr.er Market and Third streets: open
unti! 12 o'clock «-\rry nltht Jn the year.
URANCH OFFICES— i-7 Montgomery street.
con.fr Clay; ooen until 9:30 o. m.
300 Ilcye? ftrect; open until lt:30 p. ra. j
«S3» McAlllrter street; ci>en until 9:30 p. m. |
f.15 Larkln etr^et; or«>n until 9:30 p. rh.
1UH Mif«=lon ttreet; own until 10 p. m.
i'2t:i Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
01: til a t>. m.
left E!r%enth street: cpen until 9 p. m.
10116 Ys'rneia f*tr* > et: oi>en until '.» p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
oren until 9 p. m.
Nerihufrt corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky ftrpot?: open until ft p. m.
?2<i<« FlUmore Ftrtft: "pen until » p. m.
MEBTIXC .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. <»-
T.—Spociai assembly THIS EVEN- TET"
ING et 7:30 o'clock. Order of Tern- fcj
p'.e. All fra'.ers courteously Invited, iff
THOMAS H. RUOWXE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. liecoraer.
ASVLl'M of Go! Jen <ifite Commandery *.
N'o IC K T.. <I23 Tetter et.— Stated TsBT 1
i.?sVnib!y THIS EVENING, at 8 *CJ'
ockx-k. Order of Temple. All fraters «gf"
art- courteou^.y invited. By order of
the comn.andc-r.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal J5
Arc!. MasoM. moots THIS EVOf-VV
ING. Business and M. M. <1egr«-e. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Sec^
OCCIDENTAL Ledge No. 22, F. and A. »
M — stated rr.tetir.g THIS (MONDAY) VV
EVENING, at S o'clock. By order of /V\
the W. M.
WALTEH G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and 8
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY VY
(MONDAY). October 5, 1903. at 7:S0/ r V\
o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMONS Lodge No. 200. F. ffl
and A. M.. 1839 Fillmore st.— Stated "%/y
meeting and third degree THIS />f\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
HAKRY BAEHR. Secretarj-.
CONCORD1A. Lodge No. 122. I. O. l - t fX2S*£ t '-
O. F. — The members of the * un "
eral committee are hertby noti- ; i*«'3£5Sp
fied to 'assemble at Odd Fellow*' > -*.'W»*'-
Ha!l. MONDAY. October 5. at 1:30 p. m.. to >
attend the funeral of our deceased brother, !
AUGUST KROGER. Ry order of the N. G. I
WILLIAM MEYER. N. G. ]
CHARLES ROEKEIt. Rec. Sec. j
THE regular monthly
r.t-i rs will be held in
p. m. A full attend-
ance Is requested. J. I. SPEAR. Sec. !
THE California Debris Commission having re- i
ceived appilcations to mine by hydraulic
process from Middle Yuba Mining Companr.
in La Mina del Diablo mine, near Sierra '
City Sierra Ccunty Cal. draining into ra- ;
vine" which drains info Middle Yuba River;
from South Yuba Mining and Development
Company In Melster mine, near Emigrant <
Gep. Placer County Cal.. draining Into Dia-
mend Creek which reaches Yuba River; from
Toy Kte. in Fairplay mine, near Scales,
PS'jir.es Ccunty Cal.. draining into Rock
Crrek, which reaches Yuba IUver. gives no-
tice that meeting will be held et room »«.
F;ood building. San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
fcer 12. 19O3. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission. having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from George Vilest iu Magnolia mine,
near Georgetown, El Dorado County. Cal..
drair.irs into Otter Creek, which reaches
Middle Fork of American IUver, and from J.
J. Hoffmann and T. M. Orowne. in William
RoUFh & Co.'s mine near Forest Hill, Placer
County. Cal.. draining into Volcano Car.yon
Credit." which reaches Middle Fork of Ameri-
can River, gives notice that meeting; will be
held at room 96. Flood building, San Fran-
cIfco. Cal.. Oct. 18. l'JC3. at 1:30 p. rn
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by piven that the annual mating of the
rtockhcld»>rs of The Bank or California will
b- h*>!d et the banklnc house la this city on
TCESDAY. October 13. lnOJ. at 11 o'clock
a. m. Ey order of the board of directors.
AI.LF.N M. CLAY. S-cretary.
ATTORXEVS-AT-LAW. j
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
lj.vorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1J22 Market el. offices 1, 2. 3, 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y or.e can advertise, but ur.iess the adver-
t.sement eays "Attorney at L.-.w" the party
ecivertiEir.g Is net a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 85. HIO Macket; tel. Red 61S; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec- :
tlcr.s attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
RORT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachment*, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; call or write;
evening? by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in merltorl- !
ooe cases, divorces, probate and all other law I
cases; no fees In advance; open every even- ]
irg. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31. I
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Sp7eckeTs~brdgTT927 Mar- !
k*-t ft.; consultation free; no fees In advance, j
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11,
Clunie bldg.. 503 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law bufineyy. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
"r.FF. P27 Market et.. room 301.
BlILDIXGS TO LET.
BRICK building in wholesale district. 19.000
square feet floor trace, to lease for long term-
a4d:tional story If desired; will put In order
to suit tenant. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
MMitgrmery st.
RL'SIXESS CHANCES.
BRANCH bakery: biggest snap ever offered:
receipts $10 dally; book* will prove this; rent
$14; three living rooms; price 5200. Please
call and examine our large list of branch
bakeries and candy stores. Western Realty
Co.. 10071* Market st.. room 1.
$S(r.O — ONE of the b«*t country hotels In Cali-
fornia ; profits over $100 monthly clear guar-
«ntTd : c«ufe, FlckneFS. THE ALDEN CO.,
Ji is Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— Partner with capital for ladles' re-
tail cloak and suit hou*e; *tore rented In
rim -class location: grxxl chance for right
man. Box 1C76, Call.
BAKERY— Fine location in Rio Vista; good
b«k«>r will do wen. Address DAN Me-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista. Cal.
H« iTEL, furniture and bar nxtur»s fcr sale in
good n-.inirg camp in Nevada Co. For par-
tJ*ul2rs inquire at 1157 Howard St.. S. F.
Rf KTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
Firkness. Call at O9 Third i<t.
A RESTAURANT for sale. 191 First st. J^
COLE.
SALOON for sale cheap. Box IC34, Call.
WANTED— Druggist with $1000 cash; good op-
lortunlty. Box 16S8. Call office.
FOR g*le — Restaurant; any reasonable offer
accepted: established 15 years. 17R9«4 Mission.
LODGIXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
r.8 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 200")
24 roomt; corner; part cash; bat. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income: rent {20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. C50
120 rooms; pood lease: low rent C500
In rrns. ; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel*, roadhouoes. flats, 6 to 100 roomt
EITEL fc CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
$2200 — Modern 27-room house- steady and
transiwit: can^tg and furniture nr*t class-
taixaln for a few days.
$2300 — 36- room corner house; 2 floors- well
F<juiri>ed; fine location; snap; acct. departure.
$450—11 ROOMS: Fourth Bt.. near R. R. : rent
$.!0. MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg., room 411.
FOR oale at a bargain; S-room boarding-house-
all full; price $350. 1031 McAllister st.
FOR Kale — $1100; good transient house- 15
rooms: rent $S5. 7 Grant ave.
CAHPET I1EATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: frbone Main S237.
WHEN you be«;me disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, :£5-257 Tehama ft.; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1843 15th St.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
nscn et.; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. 1 McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St. :
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate are.; telephone East 129. . '
HELP WASTED—MALE— Con.
pacific^empToyment agency.
520— sacramento st. — 52o.
Phono Main 1191. Cor. Leidesdorff.
EUREKA— EUREKA— HALF FARE.
HUMBOLDT CO.— FEE $1— HALF FARE.
* 25 laborers, large lumber company's logglnc
R. R. In woods, steady Job, $40 found.
Foreman Box Factory — Boss Here — $100.
CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE.
FEE $1.
25 laborers and teamsters. $2 to $2 50.
Wllllts— Ukiah Route— Cal. N. \\. R. R.
FREE FARE— FEE $1.
25 teamsters and laborers, $2 25 day. ship
to-day.
-„-.-.-..'-< -
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA
S P. B, R Co.'b own work; board $4 5O wK.
25 laborers— Free Fare— $2 day.
MANAGER HERE TO-DAY.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— HALF FARE.
Ship To-night— Fee $1— Ship To-night.
50 teamsters, laborers, concretemen. rocic-
men and tunnelmen. $2 to $- <•> day.
Diamond Match Co.'s Own Work— Fe e $1.
25 laborers and trackmen. $2 to $2^ ™ > _ d , ay -
OREGON— COAL MINES— FREE FARE.
20 coal miners $1 ton— Oregon.
10 laborers, electric R. R-. near city pay
weekly board yourself. $2. steady Job
10 laborers, private R. R-. near city, $2 day.
20 laborers, factory. $2 10 to $2 40 day.
5 laborers, handle and truck grain, *a.
Boss will be here for large sawmill in
Truckee district to-day.
5 teamsters, large ranch. $40 found; 10 far-
mers $30 found; 10 drillers, city. *<•>**•
800 muckers and laborers, mines. $CO.
Furnace man. mine, $80; band sawyer, lum-
ber company, $100 found, boss here.
BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE— Near City.
20 tunnelmen. $75; 20 muckers $60: 10 la-
borers, city factory. $1 60 to $1 75 day: 100
woodchoppers. tie and shingle bolt cutters,
all over, big wages; cooks, waiters^and dish-
washers. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AOEN-
CY. 620 Sacramento st. .
GOOD barber wanted evenings, Saturdays and
Sundays. , Box 3501. Call. _
BOY to learn trade: errands. 13 Trinity St..
between Montgomery and Kearny.
BOY to learn picture business: paid while
learning. L. E. STRELL, 927 Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS shoemakers, $2 50 per day;
steady work. 830 Broadway. Oakland.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; transient. 222
East st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and 1
$1 60 per iialr, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third »t.. Exam, bldg., 8 doors from Market.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United Btatts. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Foreman, single man. to take
charge of a gentleman's country place with-
in 50 miles of San Francisco; must be ca-
pable of handling men and aocounts and to
supervise dairy, chicken raising and all other
departments; state age, wages expected and
references. Address Foreman, 421 Market !
>t., San Francisco.
WANTED — Young man to run electrical eleva-
tor. Call at STRAUSS & FROHMAN-S, 107 '
Post et.
WANTED — A salesman for furniture depart-
ment; large store; state experience and sal-
ary expected. Apply box 1608. Call office.
$73 PER month and traveling expenses paid
salesman to sell to grocers: experience un-
uecessary. PURITY CO., Chicago.
LARGEST commissions ever offered to good
portrait solicitors, male or female. Apply 802
Howard st.
FOR SALE — First-class union barber shop;
location San Pablo ave. Oakland. Address
box 831. Call office. Okaland.
MAN wanted to sell ruffled curtains in San
Francisco. JOHN M. IIASSALL. 78 Bedford
Bt.. Boston. Mass.
BOYS wanted. Mutual Label and Lithograph-
ing Company, Second and Bryant sts.
, JAPANESE man and wife to run shooting gal-
lery. Inquire 318 Grant ave.
WANTED — A pantsmaker; also a coatmaker.
Apply N. DAVI3, Reno. Nev.
NURSERYMAN and florist wanted. Call 500
Halght at.
SALESMAN, travejlns or local; staple article
as side line for drug and kindred trades: full
control of territory: pocket sample case.
BAYER. 66 Eeekman st-. New York.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
'MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; special offer this month: catalJrue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
, SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery at.. San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
BARBERS — Good shop In San Jose; receipts.
$40 per week: rent $13: a bargain. DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
¦ — —
, BOY In tin shop; learn trade; 18 years. 633
Mission st.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush st.
1 McCONALD & PERKY have a large stock of
new and s.cond-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d ft.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st. - ¦¦
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes *men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CCS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. BC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES AXD WAGO.VS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
) Sixth st.
A RARE pony for sale. 847 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th-Valenda
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
, uuw . J1 nnr,-,r,--^,-V-, .-.¦¦.
A — PRINTED llsoof houses to let; send for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely tree; take advantage of
this department; ltTwlll save you time and
. trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-25U Geary
' st.. on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70. '
$32 60 — SUNNY modern house. 7 rooms and
bath. 720 Broderick, near McAllister st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to Ie4> BALDWIN ft HOWTILL. 25 Poet et.
HOUSES TO IiET — FURXISHED.
FOR RENT— A well and completely furnished
house of nine rooms; choice section Western
Addition; highest references given and . re-
quired. Address Owner, box 1605, Call.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALB.
PARTIES leaving town would like to sell fur-
nished house; very reasonable. S62Vi Fol-
scm 1 st.
V ; LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— At Fifth and Market sts. or San Ma-
teo cars^ a lady's gold watch and medal
fob; owner's name on back; a liberal reward
Is offered for the return of same to 23S
Montgomery st.
LOST— A passbook with the-HIbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. A. E. DOTON. No. 74-063
The finder will please return to bank. " j
LOST — Photo button on Eighteenth st. Return
to 220 Dorland st.'; reward.
LOST — A white setter pup; black left ear. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
J^OFTS JTO^ tET. ~
WELL-LIGHTED loft. 39x60: rent $30; suita-
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st.
— — MILLIXERY.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st»
Do you want a quick boy who knows what he's about
And don't spend his time reading of "Red Eye the Scout"?
A Call Want Ad of course will soon bring you a lad
Who'll attend to his work— that's the way such are had.LOUISVIIJiE, Oct. 4.-Rol>ert Dalton
Burdlne, a well known youngr man, was
murdered, . and TV. D. Hays, his cousin,
probably fatally Injured in a fight with
negroes on the river front this afternoon.
The young men, who are members of the
Louisville Boat Club, left for a sail In the
afternoon, accompanied by several fellow
club members,' and as they were passing
Towhead Island were attacked by negroes,
who threw lumps of coal Into the boat. The
boat was tied up and Its occupants
started after the negroes, chasing them
Into a yard, where Will Fletcher, colored,
seized an az and, striking Burdine on the
head, killed him. Hays attempted to se
cure the ax from the negro, but was as
saulted from behind and badly injured.
The police arrested four -negroes, Includ
ing Fletcher, although fully twenty were
concerned in the assault.
Cousin of Victim Is Badly
Injured During the Row
and May Die.
Fight Follows and Young
Clubman Is Killed
With an Ax.
NEGROES ATTACK
BOATING PARTY
THE SAN FKAiNCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1903."
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"^TATEMEN'T
Of tf^e CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
NAflONALflRE SPRBNCf I ELD.
O _~^ C^^ OT FIRE ,1ND MARINE
"• Connecticut, on the 31st day of December. •,,«,,„, ,,«^ -«, .„...,.
A. D. 1902. and' for the year endln* on that N INSURANCE COMPANY
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner \^
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- p SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OP
visions of sections 610 and 611 of th» Political \J Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem-
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the ber, A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on
Commissioner: £ . at dajr> ** m *<J« to the Insurance Commis-
commissioner. • ¦ sloner of the State of California, pursuant to
¦ wniAU the p rOY i 8 ] on8 ot SecUons 610 and 611 of the
Amount of Capital -Stock, paid up Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
in Cash $1,000,000 00 nlshed by the Commissioner. "
ASSETS. Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip
Real Estate owned by Company.. .$ 373,690 79 in Cash $2,000,000 00
Loons on Bonds "and Mortsae-es... 680,465 00 y ====:
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '¦ ASSETS. ¦•
and bonds owned- by Company,. 4,277,382 00 Real Estate owned by Company..! 227,300 00
Cash in Company's Office 918 48 J*"" 18 on Bonds and Mortgages 553.600 00
2"? J?-^«iT^ . 430 719 40 C*" 1 * Market Value of all Stocks
Cash in n^ ••"••;••";"••••• **'' 71S * J ' and Bonds owned ty Pompany.. 4.331,150 00
Premiums in dne Course of Collec- Amount of Loans secured by
tion ••••• B42.218 04 pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
¦ other marketable securities as
Total Assets ...$6,208,303 71 r, 00 "* 16 ™ 1 •••-; 21,373 00
j.uiui amcui ........ Cash in Company's Office 4.171 01
LIABILITIES. Interest du^ I"nd ' accnied " on * all 818>843
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 71,262 83 Stocks and Loans 80,75137
eM ' OfAdJU8tmentO^ 2 T8 2n 8 3 lR SrMo^e^... On .13.543 01
L^ses^isteVVnVl^inVVxp;^ %£ S „, M3 „
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Rents due and accrued. 1 ..... '511 59
nlng one year or less. $2,800,- .
670 97; reinsurance 60 per cent. 1.400,333 43 Total Assets ..$8,134,3P.l 84
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks run- — -
nlng more than one year, $3,184.- LIABILITIES.
156 64; reinsurance pro rata.... 1,723.290 13 Losses adjusted and unpaid 43,103 33
Reserve for contingencies 50,000 00 *»««» in Process of Adjustment
AH other liabilities 107,534 93 rJlJ? r S £T™^luil«s^k™ 3888
~"~~~~— ~~ Gross premiums on Fire Risks
Total Liabilities .....$3,654,690 97 running one year or less, $2,135,-
.^ - - = 663 40; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,092,831 70
INCOME), Gross premiums on Fir» ' Risks
w«t m.W «<>4nxlt7 received for Flr» ' running more than one year, $2.-
Net cash actually received for Fire relnguranC8 pre '^ 1,133,82! 85
premiums. $4,276.265 04 commissions and Brokerage due
Received for Interest on Bonds and and to become due 128,973 73
Mortgages 80.136 87
Received for interest and dividends Total Liabilities. >. $2,642,521 34
on Bonds, Stock*. Loans and =====
from. all other sources. 1C9.222 72 INCOME.
Received for Rents ¦¦ 18.12163 Net cash actually received for
Received for profit on sale or ma- . v ,, PIr ® Premiums $2.910.JWO 63
? rf»»«f lurtmr «MBts- B0 187 4S Received for interest on Bonds . -
turity of ledger assets.. oo.isr w and Mortgagres 27.808 M
?'.'. ¦.• >. .-;'-¦', ¦ "~ ~^~~~~~~ " Received for Interest and dividends
Total Income $4,649,933 23 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
rr from all other Eources 158 859 80
EXPENDITURES. - Received for Rente 6,»67 B7
Net amount, Paid for Fire Losses Total Incom. 13 102 895
(including $306,738 93. losses <*;?.¦-£ Total Incom. $3,102,693 63
previous years) $2,143,847 ©3 . EXPENDITURES. . ¦
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00 Net amount paid for Fire Losses V
Paid or allowed for Commission or (including $386,274 82. losses of
Brokerage.. 797.247 68 previous years).. $1,705,110 79
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other - Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
• charter officers, clerks, elto. 247.008 21 tor Commission •
Paid format*, National and Local- r r B7 °' 2 " W
taxes 187,828 C3 charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 133.S91 71
All other- payments and expendl- Paid for State, 'National and Local
tyltt . 844,24119 -taxes 106,798 37
1 •••• , . 'All-other payments and expendl-
Total Expenaifart. ...~...... $3,788,971 06 tD «» ' ' •-;••" »M81 H
. . ¦¦' . - 3 Cotal Expenditure! $2,991,227 7$
- , •¦ r Fire. . ! =
Lo.ee. incurred during the year. .$2,154,309 83 lneorr<a dorin , the year.^l.f^Soa
Risks, and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums., Prtmlums . FlreRHV,. Premiums.'
• NefamounTof Risks' ~ ~ :
written during the 868 471 88 written during the
K.Timount" cV 'Riiki |5T0 ' m357 ' 5 ' 865 '* n M year $344,126,886 $4,147,138 83
Net amount «« J^^Z Net amount of Risks I •
.expired during the _ ¦_ - _ - expired during the \
\,Z?*l™unt'ln;io™ 486>888 ' C88 4 - B?3 ' 85 T » year :..! 853.914.70o( 3.727.234 49
Net -amount In -force _ Net amount In forcel 1
December 81. 1902.. 594.626.834 6.934.827 51 December 31. 1902.. 375.736.339| 4,260.216 03
JAMES > NICHOLS. President. — ; " . w D AMnv Pr^ti
' , B. R-'STILLMAN, Secretary. , W.TMAcS.Se^y.
¦• Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
12th day of "January. 1903. day of January. 190S. PERCT S. GATES.
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary PuWle. Notary Public
SAN:FRANCISCF(CITY) A6ENGY, SAN FRANCISCO (CITY) AfiENCY^
209SanspmeSt. LOUIS L. JANES COMPANY, AGENTS,
AHPEL & BRUCKMAN, Agents. | • Haywand Building.
PAGIFie DEPgRTyy\ENT,
306-3.6 - - - . - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
'GEO/D. DORNIN; GEO W. DORNIN, |
. '" Manager, Assistant Manager. (
AUCTION SALES
55& Jfe> .£*&
By order of Mrs. A. Larsen I will sell at
auction. TUESDAY. Oct. 6, 11 a. m.. at 1110
Folsom at.. 1 span of large gray hones. 1 fast
pacer, 1 handsome brown mare, and also «
choice lot of horses, wagons, surrey.-), bugfies
•nd cart* and &O sets of harness.
£* *$» £*
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY. October
7. at 11 8w m. By order of W. A. Comstock.
I will sell 35 head of good, young horses. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctlonger.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FUANCISCO.
(Main Mae, Foot ot Market Street >
"uatx — Ytox Siirr*Bt» 2. 1903. -- A«Brri*
' 7.00a Benicla, Button, Klmira aad Sacra-
mento 7-25*
7.00a VacaTiUe, Wlatara. Rnmaer. 7.25»
7.30* Martinez, Saa Ramoo. Vallejo,
. . Naps. CallstoE*. Buu Rom. B25r
7.30* KUes, UTennore. Latarop. Stock-
ion 7.2Sr
8.00* Davis, Woodland. Knights Laaetsg.
MarrsvlUe. OroTille, (connect*
BtMarysTiUe for Grtdlej, Biggs
aTWChlco) •!•:—' .1-55*
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogdea aa4 Kaas. 10-25*
8.00* Port Coata, Martlaez. Aatloch. By-
roa.Tncy . S tccktoo.S*crame a to,
Los Banoa. Mendota, Uaaford,
Ylaalla, rorterTHle 4£W
8.C0 a *ort Coita. Martlaes, Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno^
, Ooshen Jaactloa, Haaford, V>
.. i~" laiia. Bakerafleld 5 23»
B.30a Bhaat* Expreae— Darla, Williams
- (for Bartlett 8prfn«s>. Willows,
iPruto, lied BluS. Portland /.Sir
8.30a Kilea. San Jo«e. UTennore. Stock-
ton.Ioae.SaeramentOvPlaeerrllla.
MarysTllle. Cblco, Bed Bluff 425F
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 80
aors, Tuolurr.no and Angels *"*3*
9.00a Martinez and Way Stations .§•£§*
1000a ValleJ*.. 122Sf
' 10X0* £1 Paao Passenger. Kastbouad.—
Port Costa, MarUnes. Byroa.
Tr»cy. LsUxroo. Steckloa, '
Merced. Raymond. Treano, Haa-
fard. Vlaalla. Bakersfleld, Lo«
Aagelea and El Paao. (WesV
bound arrtTea TiaCoaat Line)... «1.33»
10.00a Tne Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver. Omaha, Chicago. • 25*
12 00» H»yw»rd. Biles and Way Statloas. .3.25*
11.00r Sacramento RlTer Steamer*™ ti 1-00*
3J0r Benlcia. Winters, Sucramento.
, - Woodland. WUll»n»a, Colo»a,WU-
lowt, KnigbU Landing. Marys-
Tllle. OroTllle aad way itatioas.. 10 63*
3.3O Harward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7 65*
4.00* Martlnei,SaaRamoa,Vallejo,Napa,
Calit tofa, SanU Rosa. "i2*
4-0f> Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stocktoa. 10. 25 a
4-OOp NUes. LtTermore. Stockton, Lodl.. 4.25»
4.30* Haywsrd. Nlles. lrrtagton. San » !?-55«.
Jose. Ltvermore (111.85*
6 OOp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulara,
Bakersfleld, Loa Angeles 8.83a
B-COt Port Costs, Tracy. Stockton, Lo*
Banoa 1 2 2 5 P
t6.30r Harward. Nlles and Saa Jos« 7. 25a
S.OOi- Hayward, Nllea and 6aa Jose 10 23a
mJiOf Oriental ilntl— Ojrden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loal*, Chicago and ' x
Xaat. Port Coata, Benlcia. 8ui-
»an. Elmira, Darls, Sacramento*
Kocklin, Aabivn. Colfaz,
Tnickee, Boca, Itano, Wad*
worth. Wlnneauoca, Battle
Mountain, Elko 4.28V
».. Keno, Truckee, Sacramento, Davis, _ „
Snlsun, Benicla, Port Costa...... 7.53a
1.00* Vallelo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 «¦»
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only f
7430* Saa Pablo, Port Costa, Martlaes
and Way Sutlona. 11-21*
B-C5* Oregon & California Kzpreta— Sae*
ramento, MarjiTtlle, Redding.
Portland, Puget Bonad and Kait. 8.53a
8.1C* Hayward. NUea and Saa Jose (Soa-
day only) 11.51a
11.25* Port Co»ta, Traey. Lathrop. Me-
cento, Merced. KAjmond (to Yo-
semlte). Fresno, Haaford. Vl»
, talla. Bakertfleld 12 2b>
COAST LINE (Harrow Usage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745* Sanu Croc Eicunlon < Sunday
only) 8-10»
8-1 5a Newark. CenterTllls. San Joae,
.1 ¦¦-¦-'{ Felton. Boulaer Creek, Sanu
Cms and Way Station! 8 25*
t2.15* Kewark, CantervUle. Saa Joae.
New Almaden. Lo* Gato*.Fe: ton.
• Bonlder Creek. Santa Crui aad
Principal Way SUtlons 10-55*
4.1&* Kewark, Saa jW, Lot Oatoa and
way autlona (on Saturday and
Sunday runa through to SanU
- Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crux). Connects at Felton to
. and from Boulder Creek tg.ott*)
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SANYKaN CISCO. Foul of Market St. (Si!a*>
— ti-.lS t:C0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 6.15 FJI.
from OAKLAND. Foot cf Broadway — 16:00 »:•»
t8:05 10:00 *.M. 12 00 200 4-00 p.m.
COAST LI N E <Urea<l Uansre).
OT (Third and Townsend Street*.)
' |.10a Ban Jo*e and Way SUtlona... •30»'
t700* San Joae and Way Stations 6 38*
7.16a Monterey and Sanu Cruz Ezenr*
•ion (Sunday only) 830*
• 00a New Almaden (Tue».. Frld.. only), 4.I8*
• 00 a Coait Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Bol-
llster), Pajaro. CaatroTille. Sa- •; •
Itnaa. San Ardo. Paso Robtea.
Sanu Margarita, San Lola Obispo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Sanu Barbara, Saugus
and Loa Angelea. Connection at
CastroTllle to and from Monterey
andPaelnc GroTe 10.4s*
t. 00* Ban Joie, Trea Plnoa. Capltola,
Santa Cruz.Paclflc OroTe.Sallnaa.
San Luis Oblipo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.15*
ffl 40a San Joae and Way SUtlona. 1.287
11-00* Cemetery Passenger — South Baa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.08*
11-30* Santa Clara. Ban Jose. Lot Gatos _
and Way SUtions 7.30*
•1.30? San Joie and Way SUtlona X700*
2-OOr Baa Jose and Way SUtlons 13.43*
2.30* Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 4.3S*
T3.C0* Del Monte Expre«»— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (conneeU at SanU
Clara for SanU Crux. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Oauge Points) M 2-1S»
920* Facifle Grove and Way Station*—
Burlingame.San Mateo, Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mar field,
Mounuia View. Lawrence, Sanu
Clara, San Jose, (GUroy. Hollls-
ter, Tres Ptnoa). Pajaro, Wataoa-
vllle. Capitula. Santa Cruz, Caa-
troTllle, Salinas 10.48*
4S0t 8an Joae and Way SUtlona 8 J8*
m-COr San Jote, (tU Sanu Clara) Loa
Gatou.Wrlzhtnad Principal Wa/
SUtlona (except Sunday)........ 9.00*
15J0r San Joae and Principal Way SUUons lfl.00*
T6.15* ban Mateo, Dere»ford,B?lmoni. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
* Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS 45*
f .30* Ban Jose aad Way Station*. 8J3*
XO* Sunset Limited. Eaitbound.— Saa
Luis Obiipo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. £1 Paao, New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
arrive! via San Jcaqnln Valley). .. r9.fi A
1.00* Palo Alto andWay SUUons ' 10-li*
11.30* South San Francisco. MlUbne.
Burllngmme. San Mateo. B«l-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, (LW .
Fair Oaka, Menlo Park. Palo • Slf*
Alto. MaTfleld, Mounuia Vlatr, **w
Bunnvvaie. Lawrence, SaaU
Clara and flan Joae. J
A for Morning. P tor Afternooav
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Sunday omly-
I Stops at all lUttona oa Sunday .
t Bunday ezeepted. a Saturday only.
« Vis Coaat Line. «• Via Saa Joaqula VaDey.
• Reno train eaitbound dlscontlnaed.
Car Only tratm itopplng at Valencia St.ioutlibou»4
tre ( : 10 a JU r::00*JI-ll:00 *JI, 1:80 T Jt. aa* «:30 r4b
H~ TO SAfI RAFAEL
SAM QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERCETC.
via Sansalito ?«rry.
WEEK DATS— (Holiday* excepled>-«:»3-
t*7:« 8:43 9:43 11 a. m., 12:20, U:*3. 3:13,
4:15. tS:13. f.U. «:«. 9. 11:43 d. m.
7:45 a. m. train week, days do«s not run ta
M SUNDAT3 AND LEOAt. HOLIDATS— 7.
t87 t** 1-lOt 11. tlt:30 a. m.. T12:«>. fl:30.
2:35.-3:50. 5. 6. 7:30. 8. 11:43 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quentla.
ThoeB marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays U»« 8:13 p. m. train
TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 3.25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:19 .t>-&.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45, 4:50, 5:30. «:45,
"SUNDAYS-*:^ 7:33. tS:lft »:«0. tl<>:63.
ni:«^. m.. 12:30. 2:30. P:25. 4:40, |3:30.
6:55. 7:33. 10:20 p. m. .V_
Trains marked (t) start from Saa Quentla.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
ClfoS^Week days-o:« «:40. 7:4Sr 8:23.
0:45. 11:10 a. m... 12:4O. 2:43. 4:13, 5:10, 7:03.
10 SXJNDAYS— «:S3. 7:53. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:03.
105 2:10 3:43. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:10 p. m.
' * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Cazadero aad my
stations. ' ' ¦
3-15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Toroales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero aad way
stations.
. Sundays and Legal Holidays — 3 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way station*.
TICKET OFF1CB-«20 Market st.
FEKRY — Foot of Market at.
The Weekly Can.
*
- $lpcr Ycaiv fa
dence of her parents, 1238 Church street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth,
thence to St. James Church, corner. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high masa will be celebrated for the repose
.„ of, ber soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
- 'tennent-Holy Cross Cemetery. L
WAUOH— In this city, October 3, 1903, He>
bert.H., beloved husband of Annla Waugh,
and father of Louise Waugh. a native of
Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 44 years. A member
of Court Preolta No. S39S, Independent Order
of Foresters, and S. F. D. C. Local 472.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October 6, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at his
late residence, 294 Chattanooga. Btreet. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
.trlo funeral car from corner of Thirtieth
street and San Jose avenue, at 1:30 o'clock.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
> 1_iH3SSE3E3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPACT.
Tiboron Ferry, Toot of Market St.
saw rsAxrcxsco to saw eapabl.
WEEKDAYS — 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:55,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20, 11:80 p. m. j
SAV BAPAEL TO SAN 7BAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35, 7:50, 8:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:00, 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m. »
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 2:00 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:40, 11:18 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,-
4:55, 6:06, 8:25 p. m. '^
Leave I In Effect I Arrive :
Sari Francisco.! Sept.' 27. 1903. -[San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- J Sun- I Week
Days. 1 daya. | tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a • ~- 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p '6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:85 p
7.30 a ¦ 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma . 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
6 :00 p . Santa Rosa. *
7-30 a ~~~~ ~ 10:40 a 10;20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p < -*'¦
' Windsor, •' r
a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
• - Lytton, .
3:30p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. , . (•'
7-80 at 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| and Uklah. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Wllflts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
S:80 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle.- | 7:35 p| G:2Op
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Bebastopol. |7:35p 6:20 p
STAGES 5 connect at Green Brae for . San
Quentln; at Santa Roea for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton forAltruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad SpringB, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, -Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake.I'omo,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly'e,
Bucknell's, Sonhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's
¦Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Ueal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. CoveUo, Layton-
ville Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris, \ Ol-
sen's'. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
a Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at
reduced rates.
On Bunday— Round-trip tickets to all polnta
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates. »
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bU H? l cf" WHITING. - R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IICAL ESTATC— CITY — FOIl SALE.
EASTON^ ELDRIDgFa~CO~
OSS MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY '..'..October 13. 1903
At our salesrooms. C3S Market Bt.,
At 12 o'clock noon.
HOLYROOD HOTEL. BUSH ST.
North lino of Bush ft. 14."i feet east of Tay-
lor; No 820; lot S2:Sxl3T:C; improvements,
new hotel known as tho Holyrood; nine ,
months ago; contains 70 Funny rooma, billiard |
and dining rooms. 14 bathrooms, D-story brick |
and frame bldg.; modern in every respect; elec-
tric tlevatcr; tele-phones in each room; rent
under secured lease. 5450 per month; tenant
pays water bills all repairs, etc.
MISSION-6T. BUSINESS CORNER,
Southwest corner Mission and Mary sts., bet.
r.th and 6th. running through t4 Minna; lot
f>7:fixlC0 feet; impts. four frame bldgs.; rents
$250 per month; could easily be increased; 3
etores. hall for lodge purposes, dwellings; Mls-
cion-st. corners are scarce.
SECOND-ST. MANUFACTURING SITE.
Northwest corner Second and Silver sts. ; 70 -
ft. frontage on Second st. by 90 ft deep, irreg- j
ular; Tins property will double !n value Inside
of a year, aa Second et. is destined to become
the principle street In this entire district.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
West line cf Leavenworth st.. M ft. south of
Ellis; S3:9 ft. through to rear 6trcet; impts.
consist of four "-story dwellings; this prop-
| crty to be eold to close the estate of Charolette
1 C Graham
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF HENRY CASANOVA.
Pouth line of 27th st. 80 ft. east of Noe;
large parcel of land. 150x114 ft.; If this prop-
erty was subdivided into building lots a hand-
some revenue could bo realized.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Southerly line of Pt Lobos ave.. 107 ft.
east of Oth ave.. being No. 1917; lot 25x100
ft.; a very fine cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath, fcigh finished basement, stable in rear.
. CLAY-ST. FLATS.
South line of Clay st., east of Baker; Nos.
£023, 3025; two elegant frame, fiats, 0 and fl
rooms and bath; 1 rents very low at $53
month; building newly painted and in perfect
order; lot 27:Cx85 feet.
MISSION" BUILDTNO 8ITB.
We*t line of Mission et.. 69 ft. north of 14th,
thence 01»xl70 feet through to Jessie, St., irreg-
ular; this property Is situated in a particular-
ly desirable block en Mission St.; fine location
for stores and apartment house.
MISSION COTTAGE — ALSO BLDG. LOTS.
Southwest corner Church and 21st' ets. : lot
60:10x114 ft.; impts. 'consist of 0 rooms anj batj»
cottage; good plumbing, etc.
Also 4 desirable lots ready for' building on
southerly line of 21?t st. ; 50:10 south of
Church Et.; 23:5«xll4 feet.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
, C38 Market st.
• 1400 — MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
city water: lot 50x100; |15O cash, $25 month.
{40u — Lot 40x135: near electric cars.
$450 — Cabin, 1 room; lot S2xl25; near station.
J350 — Lot 40x100;. fenced; $10 month.
$1200— House, 5 rooms; barn; well; mac-
adam.
$2000 — Two-story house, etore and 11. rooms;
city water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized.
$1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood finish; elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$2500 — A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine cak trees, ravine and Euperb views; near
university grounds and new hotel site.
$2500 — Two-story 9-room house; barn, chick-
en *-hf -is, well, fruit trees; grazing land ad-
Joining; lot 165x207; easy payment*.
CHAS. A. BAILEY", 105C University ave.,
rear San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
$1760 — UNION-8T. lots, on' sunny side, wTth
, grand marine view; easy payments; ready
for building; cars pass; street sewered, etc.;
cheapest lots in Western Addition.
W. J. GUNN,
V 630 California st.
ONEjleft — Only $W25; a bargain; choice build-
ing let; in that very desirable location, west :
Bide Sixth ave., north of Lake Bt. ; 25x120;
graded and all street work done; gas, water
and electricity en street; a few steps from
electric cars; cash or easy payments; policy
of title insurance covers the lot. Issued by
Cal. Title Insurance and Trust Co.
W. J. GUNN,
630 California st.
SEEK a home in the suburb of Frisco
And your earnings with sense wlll.be spent;
Your wife and her children will bless you
And rejoice in a home free from rent.
f 50 will purchase a lot for a home
With title all perfect and true.
In eight of ocean with steamer and ship,
Sailing over its water bo blue.
These lots must be sold at a sacrifice.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
$3750 — CALL to-day and see my two elegant
new 6-room houses; porcelain bath, tiled,
very high basement; cculd be converted into
4 rooms; cement sidewalk; sewered; few etepa
from cars; muft be seen to be appreciated;
25 and 27 Brazil ave.; take red Mlsslon-st.
car. E. LEWI3. 630 Market Bt.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
C rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date In every particular;.. Nos. .9C6 and 96S
Clayton et- t near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R, D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
$250 DOWN and $25 per month; new cottage,
5 r. 4 b.; lot 30x150. Cottage. 4 r. & b. for
$2100; 27th et. ; sunny cottage. 5 r. * b. ; 2Sth;.
flkOO — it will pay yoii to look ratt these snaps.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
$11,500; RENT $1200 per year; not yet com-
pleted, but rented; 3 marine-view flats; north
side Union St., east of Wetster; every room
ia and will be eunny; every possible latest
improvement. Apply on premises after 2 p. m.
FOR sale — House and lot containing 3 flats of
6 rooms each; modern improvements; cen-
trally located. Address box B, Call branch,
300 Hayes st. 9 >
HOUSE, 7 larpe sunny rooms and finished base-
ment: everything up to date; tinted and deco-
rated; terms to suit. See owner, 1320 Castro
Ft., near Twenty-fourth. ..
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same as paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard. S. E. corner Alabama and
Mor.tcalm sts.
12100 — 6-ROOM house with stable of 4 stalls
and large hay loft; part cash if necessary;
Mission. Box 1C78. Call efflce.
|U t 000 — FOR eale, SE. cor. O'Farrell and Hol-
lls, 25x90, with Improvements. Inquire 1511
O'Farrell st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full coet improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
A BARGAIN: lot '25x100: Mission St., near
29th. Apply Owner. C84 Ash ave.
HRAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
$2750 — 120 ACRES; 600' range; sell or lease.
$275; orchard and vineyard best In State;
can visit city and return came day; 3}£ miles
to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
6.. box 4060. Call office.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-hauses, water: reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. 6. THORNTON, 416 Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 618
Market 6t.
S'i-ACRE improved poultry ranch fcr sale at
bargain. Mrs. Molatt, Cotati, Sonoma Co., Cat.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KEN PRICK. Petaluma.
POIXT RICH31OXD ItEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photon etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOrasd FOR.'
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA^
Surrounded by flowers and fruit "trees; near
train and •chools; only J 2S00; lot 75x125.
jTlee 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14m 1500 Park St.. Alameda-
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
— ~y _
•. IlKRICHLKV REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MAEON. ~*
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE cor. Ebattuck srve. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. :
$C500— ORIGINAL cost $8500; house of 10
rooma; 5 mantels, heaters, cement base-
ment; hardwood finish halls and dining-
room; a corner lot. 75x125 (note size); ele-
gant marine view; former Dome of our
present Governor, George . C Pardee, . and
like himself, thoroughly substantial and
first-class in .every . respect; terms only
91000 cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. II. Schellhaas. llth £t.,ccr. store, Oaklnd. 1
;. JL __
A FEW kooJ LarpCns. from $C0 up. Including
¦men makes as Mlfon & Hamlln. Vose.
• fctcrllr-jr. SlarFh=:i & Wendell, l-"i*cher. Kirk-
!:.-.:¦ Carlltt. Wetf-p. rVasp. Kohl'-r & Chase
E \r.i tr.any others-: taey payments. BenJ. Cur-
Ta.z & Fon. 1<3 OTarrell; 30 tranches in S. F.
! THE pr<atc«t Opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to Bet a pood reliable piano cheap.
H^fure our removal we will t-acrlflce any in-
. vtruxnent for cash or installments. Call or
vrit... *or urtcos and terms at one*. KOHLER
6 CHASE. Established 1S50. SO OTarrell.
tBAND instrument*: F. Brpson. Paris, maker;
• (fir Maiws/.d. Apt. Pac. Coast. 2TS O'Farrell;
rkii'.ful rrpaMnp: £d-hand instruments eold.
I frrfflpecvi rtor&p;* pianos a^d furniture dirt
ches-p. Wfc!teh«--ad's .Storage. 1 CSS Market st.
. nEAT'TIFlTL. 3-s>e<JaJ Ptein-vray upright piano;
I<rr ec: order; sacrifice. KeeCe'B,2S5 O'Farrell.
eOKMEtt, Byron Maury pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. FYUON MAUZY. 308-812 Poet Et
KITERI 0^ violins, kithcrs. old and new. H.
MI'L.L.EI*. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFirBS A>D (STORES TO LET.
KTORE with large bailment; below Kearny
ft.; tt.x tW. .Apply CSC, Clay Et.. room 1.
riAXOS AXD ORGANS.
J'jUlT of our Uet of Liif»:as ia second-hanl !
juauo* for Scpiembe*-. laoj; ,.
Original
Price. Now.
7 nARNES & BON— JLX>]
Walnut cases, l^ige s'.ze. colonial
• ftyle, three pedalc. 7 1-3 octaves.
.....: to new $3*0 $275
J EMEKSOX-
Wainut case. cabinet errand,
r&rvrd pane'.s, 7 1-3 octaves, three
ledaiE. In Cne condition, slightly
t»ed 450 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemlth oak case, cabinet crand,
very latest desgia end Kaith, nearly .
tew 450 300
I FOHMER —
Me fcepiir.y case, medium B^e, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
r.ew 600 323
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
larreft site. 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition €50 323
1 BRADBURY—
Koeewood case, large eiie, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
Kjual to rew 600 330
1 BRADBURT—
Red cak case, cabinet grand,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 323
Complete list fiirniehed on application at
cur etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Comer Kwirny and Putter sta.
I'ERSOXALS.
WE Trouia like to put a copy of The Advertis-
ing World into the hands of every person
who keeps acy kind of a etore; every news-
iar<r man, every advertising writer. ' e\-ery
p*rscn interested in business of any kind;
. we «end earofle copies free on request, and
the paper usually makes friends for itself at
. first eight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
. to be helflul— And Its circulation cf 23,000
(blrgest of its class in the world) Fhows that
it is helr'ul. May we have your address.
Th«> Advertising 'World. Columbus'. Ohio.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks.
f!T.a'.!j>ox fittings and scars Fcientiflcally re-
raovf d without cutting. rr.aEsage, electricity or
rr.eiJlc'nefi- eperiaJ demonstrations this week.
Call or wflte PH. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itchinsr ecaJp: r.o etaln or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists", hairdressers ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
• PATRIOTS desiring I'resident Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia epeeches »an have same sent to their
¦ addrtas by remitting 12 cents. G. THOMP-
• SON. 'Sol Grant ave.. Fan Francisco. Cal.
JJRAI'N— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Irspcrial University Hoepltal, Vienna.
Office 22* Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. TeU
Exchange SIC.
NOT h^w- cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Radd Rotary
Ftandarrt the eewmg-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market et.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
* manrntly morphine, cocoaine habit. Call or
oddress 'Centre! Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter at.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dla-
«>a*es positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1639 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
IIE1I0VAL — DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office from 22S5 Mission Bt. to
rooms 573 and S74. Parrott bldg. (Emporium).
' DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Funday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
rt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT leF* than coet, uncalled for rults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS'. London
.' Taller." 721 Market et.
ZLEOANT suit* on eaey Installments: 50 cents
. end up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market et., between Seventh and Eighth.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
ANDERSON — Elepant theatrical anJ masquer-
ade costumes rented. 20 O'Farrell et.
EUITS to order on Installments. SI per week.
Neuha-us & Co.. merch.taUorB.727-729 Market, j
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market.
THE tw>«t place to buy good" umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
ALL etylee hairdifsslr.g 25c; hair poods; mani-
curing, 2T,c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE FUit $760; dr#ss pant* $2 60.
Mlsf.t Clothing Parior.cor. Buth and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country crderc GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDt'M'S Egyptian Kenna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Et-TTfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trtc needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and beft In America — The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address in tb»
Un»»d ctat«>» or Cany.fla ni« yg&r for <1.
PJsXKXSTRV.
UJ1E, DEVAfi — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
Kist. Palm readings fl. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5, and Tuesday^ evenings. 133 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
yaylor Et., near Geary. Phone Black 6C1.
FAPEIIHAA'GIXG. PAIXTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS papered. J3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., S19 Sd st. -.tel.Maln 413.
P.UITXERS WAXTCD.
- -%io«n — PARTXER for legitimate, well-paying
business; murt drive delivery team. Box 270.
Oakland P. O.
PHTSICIASI AXD SUKGEOXS.
Pit C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and resldencs.
~ 1021V4 Market *t.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
• lar attention paid to diseases of women.
: BLOOD, fkin end rectal diseases a specialty.
' , DR. BALL. 1073^ Market Et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treat* ell diseases of the human body; for
."-"-past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
' cttea et CC7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
r "XJR- TONG PO CIIY, successor to Dr. Li Po
. Tal, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
'.'by use of herbs and teas. ,J7 Washington st.
" TYONG WOO. the famoua herb doctor — All dls-
* " rases cured by Chinese herb*. 746-? Clay st.
. ,., FUOl OMLS.
"IflDS for a lease for a term of years of the
i > f^ntinel and Glacier Point hotels, in Yosemlte
Valley, will be considered at a meeting cf
'Vine Yowmite Valley Commission to be held
5 *t its office, room 90S Claus fipreckels bulld-
•"— -Tr.g. San Francisco, Cal.. October 15, 1&03, at
2 p. m. Bids should state the amounta of-
fered for a lease for a term of years ranging
respectively from cne to four years Inclusive.
* bid will be considered unless the bidder
Is personally present at the meeting. Elds
' *llf be received at any time up to and dur-
: !rg Fttid meeting at the above named office.
YOPHMITE VALLEY COMMISSION, by J.
J.:LEP.MCN'. Secretary.
r;i;:i ' IJI VIUUM) NOTICES.
1 6 iJtyiDiE-Nl7jifOTic1£^
1 -•••>. Con.— A dividend. No. 68. of fifty
j - tents (50c) per chare on the issued capital
gj -tstk of the company has been- declared, pay-
r ti t .* at the office of the company, rooms 202-
— ¦- »t»i 200 Xfayward building, San Francisco, on
--r? October 10, 1903. Transfer books -dose Octo.
U;r 3. IMS. C. C. QUINN, Secretary. /
OFFICE cf Eicrra Railway Company of Cail^
:'.'ifdrala. No. 22a Crocker bldg.. San Fran-
( "Cisco, Cal., Oct. I, l&0*.i— Coupon No. 13. due
7 - Get. 12, li)03, from first mortgage 6 per cent
: - 3*<on<l*, of the Sierra- Railway Company cf
. <°<~!*?lfornla, will be paid at the fiscal agency
¦rrrj t4 this company, the Crocker- Woolworth Na-
* v ;^{fc>!ial Bank cf Ean Francisco, Cal.. on and
¦ '^eltw that date.
B.-p. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRlTERS^wi
'. eell better machines for les« money than any
•-'..toeuse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
rxrhange. 636 California; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars.. L. &. M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
"' rcmery rt.
'¦ STJ-HAJCD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Tj-pewriter Inepec. Ca. SOS Market. I
Hannah Bridge and Mrs.' Jane Edwards, a
native of England, aged. 48 years.
CAIN — In thla city. October 2, 1903, Jamea
Cain, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Cain,?and brother of Mary Cain, a native of
¦ County Gal way, Ireland, aged «6 years. ;
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 5, at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls-
eion '¦ street, between Seventh and Eighth,,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
.repose of Ms eoul at 9 o'clock. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALLAN— In thla city, October. 4,. 1903,
Nellie V Callan, beloved daughter of May
V. and Thomas. J. Callan, aged 8 years 10
months and 6 daya.
lET Notice of funeral hereafter, :s
COLLIGAN — In this city, Octoberi,' 1603. John
I beloved son of .Terence and Jane . CoIH-
gaa. and brother of Mary J., Katie I., Annla
L. James A.. William B., Frank J. and the
late Terence V. Colligan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 9 months and 24
days. ¦•¦'*;;'!.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 6, at 0 o'clock, from the residence
¦of his parents, 1391 Vallejo street,- near Lor-
kin thence to St. Brlgld'e Church, corner
1 of Broadway and Van Neas avenue, where a
BOlemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
" tery.
DEUPREY — In this city. October 4, 1903, Eu-'
gene Nelson, beloved husband of ' Florence
¦ Uhlhorn Deuprey. a native of New Orleans, ¦
agefl 65 years 1 month and 27 days.
inXNotice of funeral hereafter. .
FLACH— In this city, October 8, 1003," Josepha
Flach, beloved wife of ' the late Joseph
Flach, mother of Joseph and Peter Flach,
grandmother of Carl and Elsa Flacb, and
aunt of Anna Flach, a native of Germany,
aged C7 years 8 months-end 1 day. .-
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to • attend the funeral services
Monday, October 5. 1903, at 2:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of th» Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment . I. O. O. F,
Cemetery.
FOPPIANO-r-In this city, October 4. 1003.
Pletro Foppiano, dearly beloved husband of
the late Roea Fopplano, beloved father of
Nicola FopDlano and Mrs. Leveroni, grand-
father of Edward, Peter, Frank and Mario
: Leveroni and Rosa Fopplano, and father-in-
law of Frank Leveroni and Emelia Fopplano.
a native. of Cicagna, Italy, aged 72 years *
• - months and 10. days.. -- •
jn?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
JENSEN— In Haywards, . October 2, 1903,
Elena Oslna Jensen, beloved' wife of tha late
Nahmen Jensen, and mother of E. R. Jen-
I fen, J. C. Jensen, Mrs. Jacob Harden, Mrs.
Joslna V. Erken, Nahmen Jensen, Mrs. M.
R Peters John Jensen and Newton Jensen,
a 'native of the Isle of Fohr, Schleswig, Ger-
many, aged 83 years 5 months and. 27 days.
(C7"Frlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday;
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, thence
to the Presbyterian Church at 12 o'clock for
services. Interment Lone Tree Cemetery,
¦ Haywards. . -
JOHNSON — In this city, October 8, 1903, Gott-
frid (Zephyrlnus) Johnson, a native of Kal-
mar, Sweden, aged 41 yeara 10 months and
22 days.
KERR— In this city, October 3, 1903. Joseph
M dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Kerr, father of Leo and Harry Kerr, be-
loved son of Matthew and Maria Kerr, and
brother of Kittle, Anna, Matthew and Igna-
tius Kerr and Mrs. James W, O'Donnell, a
native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at I) o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 717 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high masa
will be celebrated for the repos« of his soul
at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KIRSCH— In this city, October 8, 1903, Eliza-
beth Kirech, beloved mother of Rudolph E.
Kirsch, a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
A member of Sherwood Circle No. 129, Com-
panions of the Forest.
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KROGER — In this city, October 1. 1903, Au-
gust Kroger, beloved brother of Hana Kro-
ger, a native of Holst^in, Germany,- aged 73
years and 8 months.
E7*Fr!cnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows' building.
Market and Seventh streets, where funeral
cervices will be held under the auspices. of
Concordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F. Please
omit flowers.- Remains . at the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 057 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth.
LACOSTE — In this city. October 4, 1903, Vin-
cent, dearly beloved husband of Marie La-
coste, and loving father of Jean M. Plere,
Jean B., Rosle, Emilia and Adeline Lacoste,
' a native of France, aged 58 years.
ICTRemalns at the mortuary chapel of J.
S. Godeau, COS Montgomery avenue.
LIEVRE— In this city, October 4. 1903, Adele,
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Xavier
Lievre. and eieter -of . Louisa, Constant and
¦ the late Maria Lievre, a native of Detroit,
Mich., aged 29 years 9 montha and 21 daya.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, October 7, 1903. at 0 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 805 Mont-
gomery avenue, thenco to th« French Church,
where mass will be Eaid. commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery.
McCAMMON— In this city, October 2, 1903,
Thomas McCammon, a native of Canada,
aged 63 years.
ETRema'.ns at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 636 W'ashlngton street.
MCCARTHY— In this city, October 3, 1003,
Jeremiah McCarthy, beloved husband of the
late Ellen McCarthy, and father of P. F..
J. J. and J. W. McCarthy, Mrs. John Con-
way and Mrs. D. G. Kincsley, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 ¦ years 3
months and 9 days. »
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
- residence, 129 Welsh street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, .Brannan street,, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, . commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery. Please omit
flowers." :.,;,.'¦ ;
MASTEREON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal October 4, 1003, Joseph Masterson, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 47 years.
PEAKES— In thla city, October 4.. 1903, Wat-
eon Dyer, beloved son of James B.'and Olive
S Peakes, -a^natlve of Maine, aged 35 yeara
3' months and 26 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
- from hla late residence, 412 McAllister
street. Tuesday, October 6. 1003, at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by carriage.
POPOVICH — In this city, October 3. 1903,
Petar, dearly, beloved son of Vladimir and
Olga Popovich, and brother of Anka Popo-
vich, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
months and 5 days.
ICP Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 814 iThird street.* Interment
- Servian Cemetery.
ROONEY — In this city, October 4. 1903, Er-
minnie. dearly beloved daughter of Peter
and Caroline Rooney, and beloved sister of
Adelaide and Alice M. Rooney, born in Maul,
Hawaii Territory, aged 20 years and 26
days.
RUSS— In Oakland, Cal., October 4, 1903, John
' Rubs, beloved husband of Frances . Russ,
father of Dr. Raymond Rubs, and brother-
ln-law of Mrs. Charles D. Pierce, a native
of Vermont, aged 62 years and 8 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are. Invited
to attend the funeral services Tuesday after-
noon, October 6, at 3 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 543 Albion street. Oakland. , Inter-
ment private.
SILVA — In this city, October 2, 1903, Frank
Sllva, stepfather of Mrs. W. Woodley and
Walter Sllva, a native of Portugal, aged 75 '
years. . .
.ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday)* at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated foro the re-
pose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
» Mary' 8 Cemetery, Oakland.
SOBRERO— In this city. October 4. 1003, Al-
berto, dearly - beloved ¦ son . of Charlea and
Lltia Sobrero, and beloved brother of Raul,
Mario and > Rina Sobrero, ¦ a native of 6an
- Francisco, aged 6 years 1- month and 12 ,
days. ¦ • •
STAUD— In thlB city, October 3, 1903, Flor-
enee M. Staud, dearly, beloved and only
daughter of Nicholas J. and Nellie Staud,
sister of Harry Staud, and granddaughter of
the late Thomas and, Mary Qulnn. a native
of Ean Francisco, aged 14 years 11 months
and. 21 days. •
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the resi-
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
yJafH^AV tM resnaed 4«t»l practiee
1 «V£ 847 Geary St
' ¦ ' ¦ . . ' Ilrectly opposite Saratoga Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . . . '*. 25c
Fillings. ... . . . . . . . . 50c
Crowns. . . ... $2.00 to $5.60
Plate Work :.; . . . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOS FOB THI3 A1X EACH OTEES DAT,
A— ST. JAMESr~McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nlshed eunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; eras range; all complete for house-
keeping;: $lft up.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartmonis; fur. or. unfur. for hskps.
BUCHANAN, 605 — Large alcove room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 6S5, cor. Larkln — Front bay-window
alcove; mantel and kitchen; gas stove.
FIFTH, 119 — Second flat'; nicely furnished bay-
win <lc.w rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1001. corner Sixth — Coupla of gun-
ny housekeeping rooms; quiet house.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice housekeeping- rooms; also
single rooms.
GEARY, 408 — Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
GEART. 1917—518; 4 rooms, bath, toilet, 2
beds, gas and coal stoves; for adults; all
necessaries.
HERBERT (The) — Bunny apartments for
housekeeping; gras ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk St.
KEAUNY. 104— Sunny front suite, (11, unfur-
nished; no children.
STOCKTON. 1208, Model House — Front rooms,
new furnished. $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gllleeple. 119 Ninth St. — Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 CO to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements end
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. -'
noOMSTOLE^nrn. *". d _- nt "?:
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $D per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 26c. 60c, $1. $1 HO night;
(1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETtT"i426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1011— Vfcry large sunny room; also
email room; running water, bath, phone; prl-
vato home. >
CALIFORNIA. 2304 —^Nicely furnished room;
bath; convenient to cars; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50o
to |1 BO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HYDE, 810, rear Suttei" — A large - furnished
room ; $9.
LINDEN ave., 444 — Furnished room, $3 50,
I and unfurnished, tS. ' ¦;
MCALLISTER. llOH — Nicely furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1203. corner Eighth — A nice sunny
furnished room to let for gentlemen. ;
NEWLY furnished sunny front . bay-window-
room and bath In private family, $8; north of
Market st.; references. Box C66, Call office.
PAGE, 203, cor. Laguna — Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms, with gas and bath. * - ' ' ;
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms |er night. 35c to $1 60; week. ?2
to $S; montTi, $8 to ?30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6UTTER, 1105 — Furnished bay-window room;
closet; runn'g water;grate;$14;llght housekpg.
SUTTER. 1C31 — One or two large furnished
rooms with private bell and telephone.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market «t. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
TT7RK 1218 — Sunny furnished, rooms, ?7 and
$8. ' .
TWELFTH. 22 — A Sunny front room furnished;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy et., near Market —
400 Eingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to Sd w*ek;- elevator: electric lights;
reading-room; free bua and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 41 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to ?1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gaeS bath, running water; first-class
board; i>rivat»# family; no children; phone.
1224 Qolden Gate ave. i
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California St.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; b«st table and
service; lowest rates. ¦
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites: single "rooms; choice locality: ref.
GOOD home for old lady or gent; terms, $20
to $25 per mSnth. 65 Harriet st.
HAYES, 671 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
KOOMS N AND BOARD^ WAXTED^
BOARD and rooms in private family by lady
and gentleman; where there are ¦ no other
guests preferred. Box 1070. Call office.
" S PE CI ALI STS . ¦
CATARRhTdEAFXESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cotflngham. 204 Sutter at.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HO&iK sewing machine, this week only,
$10, $15. $20; slightly used; needles 20o do*.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
g"^* s __ TO ]LE ' r ' :,-,
PATTERN chop to rent, with power; cheap.
Von Serkey (las Engine Co.. 219 Main St.
~ STABLES TO LET. ~~~~~~
STABLE — 10 stalls and hay loft, with house of
3 rooms; near 24th and Castro. 617 Clipper st.
STORAGE AXD "WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household gods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ste.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flilmor* St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAJIMEIUXO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
in. every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHii.
Birth, marriage and death notices cent b>
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the Bame published.
DIMIG — In this ' city, September 23, 1803, to
the wife of Wilfred IJlmiR, a son. ' A - ••
DIED. ™
Bell. Llllle M. Lacoste, Vincent
Brelling, Mrs. M. Lievre, Adele
Bridge, Herbert McCammon. Thomas
Cain, Jamra McCarthy, Jeremiah.
Callan, Nellie V. Masterson, Joseph
Colligan, John I. Peakes, Watson D.
' Deuprey, Eugene N. Popovlch, Petar
Flach, Joaephu Rooney, Ermlnnla
Fopplano. Pietro Russ. John
Jensen, Elena O. Bilva, Frank
Johnson, Gottfrid Sobrero, Alberto
Kerr, Josech M. Staud, Florence M.
Kirsch. Klizabeth Waugh, Herbert II.
Kroger. August •
BELL— In thla city. October 3. 1803, Lillla
M., beloved wife Of T. F. Bell, and mother
of Floyd Bell, a native of Buffalo, N. Y.,
aged 27 years 11 months and 5 days. ' .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
jicAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment I. O. O.F.
Cemetery.
BREILING — In Oakland, October 2, 1903, Mrs.
Margaretha Brelllng. widow of the late John
Breillng, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Herman Druhe and Adolf J., Oscar F., Emll
J.. Julia, Emma and" Lillian Brelling, a na-
tive of Kllngtmunster, Bavaria, .aged 61
years 7 months and 12 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, October 6, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1473 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment private. ¦ ¦
BRIDGE — In Frultvale. October 4. 1003. Her-
bert Bridge, beloved - brother) of Thomas . and
' - ~*
James McGinn. ' ' c ' Henry Hansea. I
JAMES McGINN & CO., I
• Formerly With- McGinn .Bros.; |
—Funeral Directors and Embalmera I
214 Eddy st. ; Tel. - South S70.
BAILWAY TBAVELb
W. ¦ InTssBn Mm *?'•¦¦
I GALIFORN1A I
I LIRilTEO TO OHIOAGO 1
n Leavas Mondays and Thursdays P
| at 0^30 a. m., through la 8 days* H
I with diner and all trappings. a
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:M a. m. ( fof gtockton, Fresno, BakersSeld,
8-00 p' m! ) Merced » Hanford and Viaalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kaunas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officx: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Dopot, S. F. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
MOUNT TAMALPAJS RAILWAY
Leave Vk SaaaCita tor/ Arrivo
8— Praa. VaM a( larkat St. Saa Fran.
"Weri^ Sua- "^un- Week*
4*7* AtswRm^ Pay.
•:45a siooa §5g*alBS3tmk isioon 5FT2X
l:4Sp 9:OOa U:AOr3:3Or
B:1Ap1O:OOa VT^r^r 3:3Op S:»Or
T~T~* *:S5p '' 8:OOr .
fcfaFfayi 1I7, teaw Tmm, T StSOF.arrrwlf. lli8Q»>
TICIP I &26 Masxkt St^ (North Sbort Raiiro*d>
OmCB I and Sausajutto Paaav. Foot alarkat ScWELIrKNOWN POLITICIAN
•AND LAWYER WHO DIED
YESTERDAY.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall's lecture on the I
"Elixir of Life" attracted a big audi- 1
ence to Stelnway Hall last night, when he
traced the history of the search for the
philosopher's stone back to the period of
the ancients. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall said
that 6uch great minds as Albertus Mag- i
nus, Pliny, Paracelsus, VanHelmont and 1
Roger Bacon had plainly expressed their
knowledge, and not . merely a belief, in
the existence of the "stone." Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall said he believed . that when the
world shall have discovered the ultimate
uses of radium it will also be discovered
that within the power, of the human mind
are all the qualities of that substance
itself. Next Sunday Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall ,
will discuss the opposite - theme, « "The
Thought That Kills." _...____ __ j
Mclvor Tyndall's Prophecy.
I In a cheap lodging-house at 212 Golden
Gate avenue there passed away on Sat
urday a woman who was the daughter of
a colonel in the British' army and who had
b/»en reared in affluent , circumstances.
Mrs. Mary C. Barclay was her name.
Born in Scotland, | the daughter of J. B.
Dlckson, who afterward a colonel
In the army and died in British East In
dia, the deceased was reared in the lap of
luxury. She married James -Barclay, an
English justice of the peace, but ill times
befell them and more than a year ago the
couple drifted to San Francisco in very
straitened circumstances. ' Since Mrs.
Barclay's attending physician, Dr. G. W.
Carpender, died a few . hours before his
patient, her death certificate could not be
signed and her. death became a Coroner's
case.
End of Sad Life.
If you will order your engraved invita
tions, announcements; visiting cards and
fine stationery from us you will -get the
best work and the lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market St. •
Stationery and Printing.
E. M. Fowler, a marine from the train
ing: Bhlp Adams, was run down by a
switch enrtne at Eleventh and Channel
streets yesterday morning. His foot was
badly crushed and the attending physi
cians at the Emergency Hospital were
forced to amputate it in order to save his
•life. 4
Marine Loses a Leg.
The Irish Volunteers, formerly Knights
of Red Branch Rifles, held their eleventh
annual outing at Shell Mound Park yes
terday. More than 1000 guests were in at
tendance, and every one of them enjoyed
the occasion immensely. Athletic 'con
tests and dancing were the principal
amusements.
Races for valuable prizes were held for
boys, girls, young men, young ladies, mar
ried men. married ladies, fat men. fat
ladles and professionals. A band concert
was also a feature of the affair.
The following named committees were In
charge of the outing: ,
Arrangements — Lieutenant Thomas McNaboe,
chairman; Sergeant P. J. Kenny, secretary:
Sergeant C. J. Collins, Corporal Daniel Harn
edy. Private William Kelly. Private Tom
Shaugrhnessy. Private Con O'Leary, Private P.
McNaboe. Private T. Shea.
Reception — Captain H. P. Fllgate Lieuten
ant J. J. Sullivan. J. J. Mulvihlll, James
Smith, Patrick McDonough.' Maurice Murphy,
John Sweeney. Michael O'Neill. James Mur
phy. Michael Duff. Patrick O'Louney.
Floor — Patrick Crow. manager; Timothy
Ehea. assistant; John Coen. Dave Reidy. Tim
othy Mahoney. O. B. O'Reilly. Michael Hes
slon. Michael Brady. John J. Rodgerson.
Games — Patrick Purcell, Sergeant Joseph
Gaughran. Patrick Kelly. ..Thomas Connelly,
Martin Connors. Patrick Ryan. Thomas Keat
ing. Patrick Stapleton. William Stapleton.
Irish dancing — Joseph' P. Kelleher. " Patrick
Lynch. William Hudson. George J. Lowe.
Members and Quests Spend a Very
Pleasant Day at Shell Mound
Park.
IRISH VOLTJNTEEBS
CELEBRATE OUTDOORS
ASSOCIATION SCHOOL OPEN'S— The edu
cational department, fall and winter term,
of the T. M. C. A., opens to-nigrht In the as
sociation auditorium. It Is expected that the
school will be In full operation before the
end of the present week.
The Vereln OesterreJch held its annual
rrape-picklng festival at Vereln Eintracht
Ball last r><£ht. There was a programme
«f dancing. One portion of the hall was
decorated with vines, from which hung
bunches of gTapes. Those that were
tempted to steal the fruit from the vines
were caught and taken into custody by
alert "policemen." who were detailed for
special duty. The offenders were then
tried and fined, and this procedure added
to the fun of the festival.
Hold Grape-Picking Festival
By our works we are known. Good printing
pays you. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay, printers. •
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE'REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't, smart; soothes eye « pain;
makes weak eyea strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murlne at 50 cents. *
Row in Japanese Lodging-House.
As a result of a row in a Japanese
lodging-house at 705 . California street
early yesterday morning six of the In
mates were arrested by Policemen Brown,
McShane and Evatt and taken to the
City Prison. ' Katusimu Ikaiashi was
charged with assault to murder for cut
ting H. Takeda' on the shoulder with a
knife ; Sam Samura, who had a revolver
in his pocket, was charged I with carrying
a concealed weapon, . and G. Nakamura
M. Tornado, W. Kobati and H. Yumamo^
to were charged with disturbing the
peace. Takeda was sent to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital to have his wounded
shoulder stitched and dressed.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. OOc flask. RJchard & Co.. 408 Clay. •
In Favor of Bond Election.
A mass meeting will be held at the Al
hambra Theater this "evening at 8 o'clock
in favor of the bond election of Thursday
next for the municipal ownership of the
Geary street railway. , Addresses will be
made by the following: W. J. c Gold
kuhl, G. B. Benham, • Dr. C. A. Clinton
M. J. Keller, James H. Barry, Charles A*
Sweigert. E. I P. E. Troy. The main ad
dress of the evening will be delivered by
Park Commissioner Frank . J. SuUi van.
Excursions similar to the one made yes
terday will be run on each remaining Sun
day of October. \
Good music was furnished by a mando
lin and guitar club of thirty-six Instru
ments.
There were about GOO passengers on
board, and the officials of the^ road are
highly pleased with the outcome of their
experiment.
The steamer stopped at Vallejo for an
hour and a half, during which time the
passengers availed themselves of the op
portunity of visiting the various war ves
sels now at the Mare Island Navy Yard.
The trip was somewhat of an experi
ment on the part of the managers of the
road, who wished to ascertain whether a
Sunday excursion could be run without
the boisterous conduct and rowdyism that
usually accompanies anything of the kind.
A feature that marked an agreeable con
trast to Bay trips heretofore given was
the absence of intoxicants and slot ma
chines.
An excursion run on the Bay was made
yesterday by the North Shore Railroad's
Eteamer Sausalito, during which several
points of interest were visited, including
the various shipbuilding yards of the
port.
Sausalito Takes Large Crowd to
Various Points of Interest on
the Bay. -
EXCURSIONISTS ENJOY
OUTING ON FEBRYBOAT
Deuprey first came into prominence as
the special counsel for the prosecution
being employed by the insurance compan
ies—in the case -of Dr. J. Milton Bowers,
charged with murdering his wife by
poison to get the insurance on her life.
Eugene N. Deuprey was a familiar figure
in legal and political circles. He was born
in New Orleans and was 65 years old at
the time of his death. He came to this
city when a lad and received his education
here and was admitted to the bar In this
State. He quickly earned the reputation
of being a skillful orator and in a few
years built up a lucrative practice.
Affiliated with the Democratic party,
Deuprey was in demand during political
campaigns, and during his career he de
livered many speeches in this State. He
ran for the offlce of District Attorney in
1S98, but was defeated, and subsequently
was appointed as an Assistant District
Attorney by District Attorney Bylngton.
Mr. Deuprey was conveyed home, and
his condition grew worse. Yesterday mcrn
ing he got up out of bed to go to the
bathroom and suddenly fell senseless on
the floor. Dr. Wiegand was summoned,
but when he arrived Deuprey had passed
away. The body was taken in charge by
the Masonic fraternity, to which Deuprey
belonged, and the remains were removed
to an undertaking establishment. The
funeral will be held under the auspices of
the Masons, ¦ ' .
three days. The Immediate cause
of death was heart-failure, caused by con
gestion of the lungs. Deuprey had been
in failing' health for some time and last
week he contracted a severe cold. His
physician, Dr. Wlegand, advised him to
remain indoors, but he went out last
Wednesday to attend court and fainted
twice while in the courtroom.
t"-- sqCGENE N. DEUPREY, the well-
known attorney, died suddenly
yesterday at his residence, 2103
Webster street, after an illness of
Tilass meeting to-night, Alhambra The
ator, Eddy and Jones streets, in favor of
Geary-street bonds. •
Heart Disease, Following
' Lung Congestion, Causes
His Demise.
George Balmer, a sailor living at 317
First street, -was choked and robbed by
two men on the roof of the lodging-house
at 715 Howard street early yesterday
morning. Balmer called at the lodging
house to eee a friend and met . two
men on the stairs. He asked them, if
they knew the number of the room oc
cupied by her, and they replied that she
had moved upstairs. They offered* to show
him the room and he went upstairs with
them.
The two men took Balmer to the roof
of the building and one of them grabbed
him by the throat and told him to give
up his money or he would be killed. The
other man pulled a knife out of his pock
et and held it close to Balmer's heart,
while with the other hand he went
through Balmer's pockets, taking $2 50,
all the money he had. Balmer struggled
all the time to free himself from the man
who held him by the throat and finally
succeeded. He ran to the fire escape and
made his way to the sidewalk down it.
Balmer met Policemen Hinrichs and
Tillman and told them of his experience.
Every effort is being made to find the
two robbers.
Policeman Tillman made an arrest In
another robbery early yesterday morning.
He saw three men acting suspiciously
with Henry Gohringer, 549 Howard street.
They took Gohringer into the dark door
way of a house on Mission street, near
Third, and Tillman thought It was time
to act. He ran toward the doorway and
the three men fled, but Tillman captured
one of them, who gave his name as Jo
seph Davis, a laborer, 19 years of age.
Gohringer said that the three men had
tried to rob him and Davis was booked
on a charge of attempt to commit rob
bery.
Bowers was convicted of the* crime. Deu
prey gained further prominence as the
attorney for Theodore Durrant, who was
executed for the murder of Blanche La
mont. The counsel saved his client from
his doom for a considerable period by legal
technicalities and appeals. On the very
day that Durrant was hanged at
San Quentln prison argument was
made before the United States Su
preme Court on a writ of error
taken to that tribunal from a judgment
of the District Court for the Northern
District of California, denying the petition
of. Durrant for a writ of habeas corpus.
Louis . P. Boardman, representing Deu
prey, made the argument before the
United States Supreme Court, and had
not finished It when the trap dropped, but
upon the conclusion of his argument the
writ was denied.
Deuprey was twice married. His first
wife secured a divorce from him in this
city on December 23, 1S99, failure to pro
vide being the cause assigned. Mrs. Deu
prey was given the custody of the four
minor children of the marriage.
Deuprey was married a second time on
December 28, 1S99, a few days after his
first wife had secured her divorce. His
second wife was Mrs. ' J. Craig
at the time of her wedding to the attor
ney, and Is a half-sister of Gertrude Ath
erton, the novelist. She has been very ill
for the past few months, and her rela
tives fear for her life.
The committee In charge of the cere
monies of laving the corner stone con
sisted of Tony Scar, Andrew Glover, J.
Krstlnlch, J. Sambrailo, V. N. Bakulich,
Anton Pilcovlch. M. Perich, A. Batchia,
A. Conich and John Stariha.
Among the priests present were the
Rev. Father Hlckey, the Rev. Father
Woods, the Rev. Father <}harles C. Car
roll, the Rev. Father James Hayes, th«
Rev. Father Ruppert, the Rev. Father H.
Rossetti, the Rev. Father J. J. Ford, the
Rev. Fa'ther C. A. Buckley, the Rev.
Father John Sardl, and the Rev. Father
J. Forhan. •
Archbishop Montgomery delivered a
powerful address, in which he called upon
those of the Catholic Slavonian Church to
remember that unity was at all times es
sential in their direction of the church,
and he gave them his hearty congratula
tions upon their achievement in so far
realizing the beginning of a place of wor
ship wherein they could participate in
their devotion in their own language.
Father Bontempo 1 followed the Arch
bishop and spoke of the necessity of the
church where they could worship and hear
the doctrines of the Catholic Church in
their Own language. He paid a deep and
thankful tribute to Archbishop Riordan
and Archbishop Montgomery. j
The ceremonies were concluded with a '
prayer offered by Archbishop Mont
gomery. '.
Archbishop Montgomery read a prayer
and then descended to the north por
tion of the ground, where a large
wooden cross stood as a mark of where
the altar will be placed. His Grace blessed
the cross and sprinkled it with holy water
and then proceeded further around the
ground, offering up a prayer the while.
Architect Shea then offered his erace a
trowel and the corner stone was impres
sively laid. Beneath the stofce was placed
a box containing portraits placed in the
following order: Pope Pius X, Archbish
op Riordan, Archbishop Montgomery,
President Roosevelt, Governor George C.
Pardee, Mayor Schmitz and a history
and plans and picture of the new church,
together with copies of the dally papers
and coins. >
After the stone had been laid Arch
bishop Montgomery expressed the re
grets that Archbishop Riordan felt at be
ing unable to attend the ceremony and ex
plained that ill health alone prevented the
Archbishop from being present.
OFFERS CONGRATULATIONS.
Arriving at the ground upon which the
church is to be erected, a full description
of which structure has already appeared
in The Call, Archbishop Montgomery and
the. deacons of honor and Father Henry
Bontempo and Father Francis de Turk,
who will have charge of the Church of
the Nativity of Our Lord, ascended the
platform from which the corner stone wag
to be laid.
BLESSES THE CROSS.
There were in the procession fully 600.
First came fifty little girls, headed by a
banner, and following them were over 300
men, headed by a handsome banner, the
silken cords of which^ were held by six
little girls attired in white. Then followed
a number of choir and altar boys in pur
ple and lace vestments, preceding the
clergy, with the Rev. Father Frieden in
the center. An acolyte and an altar boy
came next, anu immediately following, in
his purple vestments, was Archbishop
Montgomery, supported by the Rev.
Father Landry, S. J., and the Rev.
Father Morgan of the Youth's Directory,
deacons of honor.
A procession of reverent men and
women and prelate and clergy formed at
St. Ignatius Church yesterday afternoon
and proceeded to Fell otreet, between
Franklin and Gough streets, to participate
in the laying of the corner stone of the
Slavonian Catholic Church, the Church of
the Nativity of Our Lord.
Breaks Away From Footpads
and Climbs Down Fire
Slavs Listen to Archbishop's
Advice on Unity in
Religion.
Laying of Corner Stone
of Catholic Church
t Notable Event.
George Balmer Decoyed
to Roof of a House
and Robbed '
HUNDREDS VIEW
THE CEREMONY
THUGS THREATEN
TO KILL VICTIM
THE SAS IBANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, J903.
E.N. DEUPREY
ANSWERS THE
LAST SUMMONS
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Splendid Sale J&g^gj^g^ gr-|p SALE
DON'T MISS OUR BIG GUT PRICE SALE FOR THIS WEEK.
Every consumer ought to profit by this splendid sale, which begins here this morning at
8 o clock. During this week we will sell hundreds, yes thousands, of dollars' worth of re-
liable groceries at the lowest prices yet named. It will require but a glancing comparison
with other prices to convince you that it would be to you a direct sacrifice to mlsa this
golden opportunity to get a supply of the best groceries at less than wholesale prices Mall
orders will be given prompt attention, filled and shipped quickly, and freight prepaid with,
in 100 miles. We deliver to all parts of the city and suburbs, also surrounding towns with-
in twenty miles, to your door. If you cannot get to our store, mall or telephone us your
2 carloads Granulated Cane sugar, reg. price 16 lbs, 'this week 20 lbs # .81 00
(In order to prevent dealers from taking advantage of our special sugar Bale "will" be
sold only when other purchases are made amounting to $3 00) •
Carload of California Best High Patent Flour, regular $1.35. this' week, sack S1.1O
100 boxes Best Sand Laundry Soap, 8 bars ' 2^0
1000 4-lb cans Finest Mocha and Java Coffee,- regular $1.40, this week,' can! '. '/.'.'.'., ,'.'.'.7!ic
38 chests Fine Oolong. Gunpowder, Spiderleg. Japan, Young Hyson, Ceylon, English Break-
fast Teas. Tea Stores 1 price 80c, our price, 45c, 5 lbs... . *l»O
125 cases Small Sweet Mountain Peas, others' prices 15c. our price 3 for"" '"""•' p A^l
18 bbls Best Baking Powder, all brands, lb can 35c; 6-Ib can . *i no
32 cases Scotch Oats, others ask 16c pkg. our price ' -Jo,.
1000 10-lb Backs Finest California Flour, some ask 35c. our price* V 2-Jo
800 sks Yellow and White Cornmeal, our price, 10-lb sks... *' $>'4~.
Solid car Finest Salinas Burbank Potatoes, regular $1.40. our price "box .".".' .".*.'.' "Soo
1000 Nice, Lean California Plcnlo Hams, our price. ........ • " 11 o
Half car Pure Leaf Lard, 5-lb- palls OOc, 10-lb palls .... " 81 '*o
1C00 equares Fine California Creamery Butter, regular 65c and cbc."our" price!!!! 45c
C5 cases Fresh Ranch Petaluma Eggs, regular 50c, our price, doz? . . . . . .. .:. ar.c
35 cases %V atsonville Ranch Eggs, regular 40c. our price. .... <U>o
18 cases New Comb Honey, regular 20c and 25c, our price comb " •••¦¦• .,_«;
210 full half gal Pure White Strained Honey; regular 75c- our price! ...""."""' 4r.Z
Ir!o%°^ni¥ 0 *^f^V£ c ' E^Ti^ e % m -d^ :EB8tern - 22c: o""- 2 ?
.13 lbs German Prunes. 25c; 5 lbs large French Prunes, 25c;' 4 lbs" nice" Apples'." "' "jjXc
32 cases Dunham's Cocoanut. half lb pkg IBe, lb pkg 25c 10c nke Corn «?tar*-h k»
375 boxes finest and crijp Soda Crackers, per box. GOcf 4 «ns Red lalmSn "^n
CO cases Heavy Syrup fine goods. 3-lb can Peaches and Pears, reg. 20c 5 cans'"" 5oS
2e Bk« 1 large or small White Beans, also Bayo or Spaeish Beans, 0 ibsT?'. .. .VT.. "."0
7 lbs Pearl Barley, Tapioca or Pink Beans. 25c. 5 lbs Flaky Rice " "-io
11 sks Finest Whole Grain Rice, regular 15e our orice fi'A lbs ••••••••••••• •py^-
32 doz Jars Beef Extract. regular*40c. our price. , 2 i Ja?" !' " " ' * " Pr ~
38 doz regular 40c Chow Chow, large bottle, our price 25c doz "'¦"' go 4k
Ma l b ?irV.«^ ln fi e r a n?nom^ 0 «J^^ %k° T 2 ?° 3 "arRe 'cans' MuVtard"saVdYnes 25c
7 for. OOc. 6 cans Domestic Sardines 25c. 3 cans Imported. V 25c
7 cans Deviled Ham, 25c. 8 bars of very fine Laundry Soap. . ; . . ! 25o
Tobasco Sauce, regular 60c. now 35c. India Relish 'regular 40c now ' t,Jz
Lemon or Vanilla Extracts. U.25 size for «5c. 75c Tslze 4o£ 35c' to? "20S
2J c«*» Baltimore Oysters 6 cans 4Bc. 30c Kippered" Herring for.. '. YY.YYYY. "20S
35c can Mushrooms, now 2 for 45c. R. R. Plum Puddine ner can "1-
lb can Corned Beef, 2 for 25c, doz. 1 *-=i. -"iV*"j-
Soild car Canned Creams, all brands. 3 for 25c, doz" 65e"'Reini*l"i*r"2fW»"ic»Vr.VnA' ¦ V-«
Pure Spices, all kinds. 3 tins 25c. 7 tins 50c! lb cans '. ? e8War 20c Ketchup.... i.,c
9 lbs finest Rolled Oats. 25c. 10 lbs finest Rolled Wheat' " " ' " " r 2?
Any one purchasing a $5 order of grocerien from us we give you VrVe l' pkg of our fin
est Tea*. You take your choice of any kind you 'want ¦ ' • .
7 lbs New Cleaned Currants or 0 pkgs Seedless Raisins. .' ' • • -n
Extra Good Creamery Butter, square :.. .¦.¦...." •.•••••-..•••..•...... .ojrc
32 cases regular 20c Jar Celery or Horse Radish Mustard! ' 3* for". '. '. ". '. '. '. *"...* ', ." ." .* " " .* "-"
* SI. 25 bot Malt Whisky... ........BOe ¦ 5-year-old "MarvlanA-Rvp'c'ai '" "«t"«-
$1.25 bot Vermouth KOc 7-year-old SalUmore Bourbon • "iai • " Si *S?
S1.00 bot College Club Whisky. 50c ,$3 to.$4 Bourbo^or Rve WWskv "«2*i5
$1.00 bot Silver. Crescent Whisky...... 50c $4 to $5 Bourbon orRve Wh w""*^n
fl-year-old McBrayer WWsky. bot. . . . .OOc f 5 to $6?Bourt£n ! or Rye Wh Ikv" ' 'rnn
9-year-old Old Crow Whisky, bot ...... OOc .' 8-year-old Brandy eal " ' " 2"o°jJ
$1.25 bot O. P. S. Whisky «l>c Irn^p- Vermouth Kaf"" """'"" «?'Qn
¦5f e* % rt or Sherry - 2 2 c « scotch AVhisky^gki ¦"•;:•¦*••"•• MX
.25 bot Claret.. V. 15o *r» Irish "W'hlskv Vii - T '""*ZkA
$1.25 Irish or Scotch Whisky, bot . .«Oc $l;r»0 Port orShVrrvMl' " * "' '*~ -R
$1.00 Fine Old. Gin ;..... ...BOc '-Its: Claret. '«?•"" " 'In
¦ $1.00 bot Old Brandy, this week...'... BOc Blackberry Brandy'gal" '"""«2"nn
$1.25 full qt Furnett ....OOc .Imp JanTa^Ica Rum eai" '"""""" : K2 —
$1.00 bot Jamaica Rum.' this week. . . .BOc Old' Apricot Brandy eai ' " " ' w/m
Absinthe. ¦ per bot. . . ...:. . . . . .... .. : . :5Oc Old Peach Brandt' elf ' " " " ' " " ' »"Jl\
$1.25 bot Stomach Bitters, now TBc California BeSs. do! . ! '. '. '. '. ! .' ¦¦ Si ' 1 o
.60 bot Maraschino Cherries. ...3Oc Old Tom Gin eai • - So'AJe
$1.00 bot Rock and-Rye ; BOe • Holland Inm bin L'-'i" '""-'"" SU'r'A
Old Kentucky Whisky, gal. . . . . . . . . . -.f 1.85 Old Fo?es?e? Gin.' g all . * Y. '. Y..Y.YY. '. [sf.'os
We carry all noted brands full line of liquors, such as Marauette Je««e Mr!nW r>" V
Jones. Old Pepper. A A., Castle.. Old Government Whiskies, fndTou can b^y toSTbrSfdi
from us at a big saving to you. W* want you to know we are leado^ tnr -nil v*Za ,u,
to eat and drink and will retail ycu goods at wholesale prices. OuTof the 5S?-b5^5
make up a list of what you want.; mall It to us and letu. submit you prices buyers
y 4 ?^* r '^^J'_ Cth<llld7t^ o ''P :joa «» or McAllUterorHlbernla Bank'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 THIS WEEK.
. . THEY START AT $50.00.
.dickering
. Mahogany case; medium size;
m splendid condition; thor-
v'V° u 8*Iy repaired; price reason-
able. '
Vosc .
Mahogany case; latest model;
used less than a year; regular
• $425 style. .
Sterling .
Fancy Colonial style; burl wal-
nut case; good as new; a splen-
did bargain.
Steck
A fine Baby Grand; mahosrany
case; condition perfect; a snap
Pease
Fancy mahogany case; price
very reasonable; used two
years.
Htintington
Mahogany case; full size; the
piano indorsed by PadercwskL
Three
little uprights; just the thing
for practice; $50, $j5o.'$6s; good
order; guaranteed.
Chlckerlnar Asenef.
Benj. Curtaz & Son
16 OTarrtH Street.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
Tooth Powder — ListeraUd 2OC
PreveAs decay— reg'iy 25c bot
Toilet ammonia 25c
Lavender— violet— reg'iy 30c bot
Fibre pails — reg'iy 40c 30c
They never leak — indurated
Mayonnaise mixer-Christy $1 10
Three machines in one —
will whip cream-beats eggs to per-
fection— reg'iy $i 50
Clothes line — reg'iy 40c 30c
Galvanized wire-for winter weather
Liquor department
Beer — Everard pts $i 35
Brewed from Canada malt —
a mild lager— reg'iy $1 55-I2 35 dor
qts $2 10
Cognac — F.o. p. $i 15
Hennessy — our bottling^ —
regl'y $r 50 bot— $6 00 gal $4 50
V/h\Sky-Old Crow bourbon $ I
Hermitage rye-reg'Iy $1 25 bot —
$5 00 gal $4
French claret — st.juiien $3 50
reg'iy $4 25 a doz qts $5 doz pts $4
Cherries in marasquin 50c
For Cocktails — Punch — reg'iy 55c qt
French —
Just arrived —
NEW MACKEREL PEACHES
RAISINS C RA N B E R R IE S
APRICOTS PRUNES
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2800 California San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
f GIVES f*^S
SUPERIOR V I jf
> EYE (fi
GLASS fc»J
Service at Moderate Gat. 5 f
Quick Repairing.
Factory on Premises. *
baja California/
Damiana Bitters
I S . A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGOP \-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wunderful aphrodisiac and Sneti&i
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexST -
The Mexican Remedy for .Diseases of \h«
tfldney* and Bladder. Sells on ifcTown merits
NABKR. ALF3 & BRUNE. AgrTms "
S2U Market st.. S. F.-CSend I or Circular^ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED
DRESSGOODS
*
Special Display of Imported Camel's Hair
and Zibeline Novelties This Week.
#Hj V%r-^ 48 " INCHFRENCHZIBELlNE ' These we
U"l 9 k have onlu In Golden Brown, Tan,
¦jl I £ bJ > MTjrtle, NaYn and Seal; have a nign
r lltaW lustrous finish and long camel's hair
YARD. I effectS ,
(h4 j"tf| 50-INCH FRENCH ZIBELINE, two-toned
\ I ¦ 1 9 I anl Ruminated colorings. These are
l|9 IlUU j In about 12 different shales and are
.yard. J the short camel's hair effects.
dM 7C1 47 " INCH FANC^ FRENCH ZIBELINE,
\ I I ¦ I snor * halr effects > larffe assortment of
Vf 1 1 1 w j colorings and one of the novelties for
yard. J Fall wear.
(1*0 fVnV 7 ~ INCH N0VELTY 2IBELINES, Plain
%r i ||| r I colored grounds, with small colored
iji'taUW j dotted effects. These we haye m a
yard. J full yarletu of colorings.
We will a 1 so show this weeK a magnificent assortment of
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS, LADIES' CHAIN PURSES,
LADIES' FUR SCARFS, FEATHER BOAS; also new
Importation Of LADIES' KID AND FABRIC GLOVES.
NOTE.
Orders by mall receive prompt attention. All orders
for samples or goods filled and shipped same day they
are received. ;•
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BDWEM
& CO,
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Bee brand Ceylon tea — pure-
st — cleanest — most economi-
cal — the in flavor of
all black teas
50c 60c 80c $1 lb
Speda'
Kona Coffee — reg'iy 25c ib 20c
Its uniform quality keeps it popular
Pineapple-^5/zV^ 20c
Hawaiian— reg'iy 25c 2% lb can
Rice — Creole— 5 Ib carton 45c
Cooks white and dry— '
reg'iy 10c lb 10 lb* carton <)OC
French mustard— Louit 20c
Different flavors— reg'iy 25c bottle
Black ripe olives — quart 30c
Wholesome — rich in oil —
reg'iy 35c qt # gallon 55c
Gehtine — Cox 2 for 25c
Large size — reg'iy 15c pkg
CoCOa — Bakers— regl'y 25c can 2OC
We recommend it
Mushrooms— -French ' 17J4C
Last sale at this price—
reg'iy 20c can
50UpS — Franco- American IOC
Good as home made— enough for two
Sweet pickies— Pin money 35c
Delicious as a preserve —
reg'iy 40c pt
Clam bouillon — Burnham J£ 2OC
Natural as fresh clam juice—
reg'iy 25c— 40c pint 35c
Black figS — 'California $ lbs 25c
Good for everybody — new crop
For Sores. Bnrna, Scalds, /
Cleeri, King\rorm, Tetter, >W. «*ijf B
Errslpelas, Scald Head, X^v. » * * »
Itch, Pimples. Motclie*. Ji I B
Inflamed Ef ellda, ltcfc. \^TS^' Z?*~i E
ing Files, »nd all Skla>r>. X <f/ I fcl
HEISKELL'S I
Ointment A
They all yield to lt» madcsl influ-nrp. Bathe fj '
the affected part, using Hnittfll't Soap, night E
and morning, apply Heiskell's Ointment, and D
carefoUotvsinalnrtUy*. AtalldroggisuSOe. E
Send for free bock of testimonials. w
JOHNSTON, HOi-LOWAY A CO. B
53t Commerce 8t-, Philadelphia. jg
A BARGAIN !
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE.
Market, near Van Ness avenue.
Full particulars at our office.
THOMAS MACEE &. SONS,
5 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j|ij Overcoats mjgk
1^^^ quality or character into l^^feMS
anOvcrcoaL TheParadc
l|l iljll is 50 inches long, having l^^tfflM
vl IIR thc smart shape and bi^ WwX^S
square shoulders that K^^^^^H
~f&*0 : tnc swe^ d rcsscrs i& e * Pf^^is^^
¦jfiifi&Y* Made in Unfinished 9'<^|l^^^^^
|§||J Worsteds, Twecdsjhib-
[jljW$i cts, Cheviots, Vicuna and |Mfe«lfm
|#| Meltons. It's thc leader I^^IW
£$&''$; on thc CoasL l^tfr^il
§?fpl You're in line with "Thc |£$||f§
jjtj BROWN BROS. j|j
lifllb?- flfc518 Market Street fe&?
?||||||| B=L0W MONTGOMERY pftlpij