SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 53.
MORTAL REMAINS OF LEO XIII REST IN STATE
IN THE MAGNIFICENT BASILICA OF ST. PETER'S
Funeral Procession Descending the Grand Staircase of thef Vatican.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
HARTFORD. Conn., July 22.— By means
of his wireless telephone A. Frederick
Collins to-day successfully transmitted
speech between this city and East Hart
.forcS, with' the Connecticut River. Inter
vening.; Previous experiments by tho in
ventor had been made from one Hudson
River ferry-boat .to another, and they
were fairly successful. The Instruments
which were employed to-day were used In
transmitting messages In the experiments
made at Rockland Lake, where articulate
speech was communicated a distance of a
mile., The wireless telephone partakes of
the nature of both the wireless' telegraph
and the- ordinary ¦* telephone, although
there are several differences in ;• detail.
.The . principle ',_ rests on ' the compromising
of: the low frequency alternations of the
telephone £ and "' : , the highest . frequency
oscillations, of the -.wireless telegraph.
.The -distance over, which -the wireless
ready means- of- controlling the Ingress
and ejrress of the' throngs.'. »
CLAD IN POMPOUS ROBES.
• At 8 o'clock -this evening all was. in
readiness to I take the body of . the Pope
from the Vatican. to the basilica of St..
Peter's." The mournful procession gath
ered around the. bier, which was'gently.
lifted by the sediari, who in ¦ the life of
Leo had carried him In the sedia'gesta
toria. The dead; Pontiff was now clad: In
all ' the pomp of his holy office. % About
him- had' been. placed the sacerdotal robes;
used only "when he celebrated a' grand
mass. The' vestments were those which
he wore for the ; last time in life in " the
hall of the consistory, when he confirmed
the appointments of Archbishops Farley
of New York and Qulgley of Chicago on
June 25 iast. . The golden miter, 1 the gilded
steel, the ¦white' cope, the red chasuble,
the pontifical pallium and the papal tunic
all were there. . Nothing: that was em
blematic of the power wielded by the dead
man for more than a quarter of a cen
tury, and for centuries by his predeces
sors, had been. omitted. :., . '
I [ Leading the procession as it passed out
of the throne* room i came the grooms car
rying lighted torches. Behind them, walk
ing with measured', tread, were the aged
mace bearers and other ' domestics * of ' the
papal; household, ijj The '. picket' of the No
ble Guard arid "all the clergy" of theWatl
cari, wearing, their surplices, followed. ,
-Immediately "in front* ofr the' bier the
pontifical silver, cross was hekT aloft. Be
hind/.the^bjerfcame;three nephews of the
late" Pope— Counts 'Ricardo .arid : Ca'millo
Peccl ' and "Count Canarliu. ' The. United
y^OME, July 22.— To-night the body
-• #JP of Leo XIII lies in state in the
JT^ basilica of St. Peter's. Bcgin
• nlng.. to-morrow . at .sunrise, the
residents. of Rome and the people
of all nations -now in the Eternal City
will be admitted to pay their last fare
well. Opportunity for this solemn tribute
will end on Saturday.
Until' 5 o'clock this afternoon the re
mains of the dead Pope lay In the throne
room of tha Vatican,, where the leaders
of the diplomatic, clerical and civil world
were allowed to pass the bier. The cere
monial to^nleht. when the body was con
veyed from the throne room' to St. Pe
ter's, was one of the most striking of all
the obsequies.
During the day the congregation of Car
dinals met and decided to hold the con
clave under the identical j regulations
which obtained at the conclave which
elected Leo. • ,
Dr. Lapponi. In the course of the day,
presented to Cardinal Oreglia a report ?<
the autopsy which was held, 'which nhow
ed that there was no sign of cancer in
the Pope's bodv.
• Some hours before eundown St. Peter's
w-as e'eared J of idle crowds. The mas
sive doors were closed and 'the throng of
sightseer* was pushed back <to the foot
of 'the great flight of circular stone steps. 1
A half hundred carpenters hastily con
structed, a -stout- fence • five ; feet high to
resist. the encroachments , of the crowds
which are expected during to-morrow and
the following days. The fence '. extends
directly ¦ across the colonnade and in it
are two narrow entrances which will give
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 22.— Mrs. Rena
Bradford of this city,- her sister, Mrs.
Ella Smith, and the tatter's two children,
aged 10 and 12 years respectively, were
drowned near the home of Mrs. Smith
at Homma Homma, on Hoods Canal, yes
terday afternoon, according to a telephone
message received here this morning.
The message does not go - into details
regarding the accident further than to
state that the two girls, who' were in
bathing, .waded out beyond their depth
and their mother attempted to rescue
them. The mother was overcome in the
deep water and Mrs. Bradford also Went
to the rescue and all, four sank to their
death. The bodies were recovered-
Third Beading of Education Bill
ZXttTDON. July 22.-The House of Com
mons to-day, by 25 to ITS votes, passed
the third reading of the London educa-
U;n bill.
Four Lives Lost in
Hoods Canal
Waters.
Transmits Speech
a Considerable
Distance.
At ; the Hall of . Palf ranlere the cortege
came to a standstill. -There . the -Car
dinals, who had been waiting, in the hall
of the; consistory, took their places,im
mediately : ,behlnd - the \ nephews. Their
scarlet .had been put aside • for • violet
robes, which are worn only when princes
of the church are in mourning.
v Once more the procession, with the bier
now flanked by Swiss guards, moved oh.
After the Cardinals came the whole dip
lomatic body; accredited .to - the Vatican
and the representatives of the Knights of
Malta. The .latter, were followed by the
marshal \ of the conclave, Prince Chigi;
the master of ' the "holy" hospice. Prince
Ruspoli and the commander of the Noble
Guards, Prince Rosplgliosl, all in magnifi
cent uniforms/Then came , the prelates
of the chamber and Knights of - the -~Cape
and r Sword in their . medieval ¦ Spanish
robes. The ,- Noble - and Swiss - ; Palatine
guards brought up the. rear.
No monarch was' ever followed to the
tomb by; a ;. more . imposing : array, * led : by
the ¦ Cardinals ..and prelates and .clergy, re
citing prayers . and - psalms for the dead'
As they. slowly. entered, the Sistine Chapel,'
PRAY AS THEY MARCH.
t ; The * air j was heavy . with incense . from
the censor swinging constantly beside. the
body. The Franciscan penitentiaries still
kept up the .unceasing refrain of interces
sion. :¦'•¦_ ¦'¦,".
States was represented in the procession
by Mgr. 'Thomas Kennedy, rector of the
American. College. - ¦ : : - . . .
WOMEN DIE
IN EFFORT
AT A RESCUE
WIRELESS
TELEPHONE
A SUCCESS
Impdsing]C6rtege-'Escorts' : the>PQntiffisiBpdy
From Throne=Room of the Vatican.
LONDON. July 23.— The delicate, not to
cay critical, situation In the Far East,
arising from the rivalry between Russia
and Japan and involving the Question of
peace or war between those powers, is
causing rjo little anxiety to the British
Government. The Foreign Office received
two or three days ago from the British
legation in Peking dispatches represent
ing the situation as one of considerable
danger. The question was the subject of
<5ellbe.rat.fon by the Cabinet yesterday and
late last night very urgent news dis
patches were tent to the British Charge
<3'ACair<es in Peking.
Investigations in well informed Quarters
In London confirm the statements that
'Japan Is firmly determined to oppose to
jthe utmost of her ability what she re
gards as Russia's aggression in Korea,
for It Is thrre rather than in Manchuria
that Japan's sensibilities are touched.
'Buesia's operations in the timber forests
¦ct the Yalu Valley, though they are os
tensibly commercial, are viewed in a very
different light in Tokio, where they are
rcgard«;d as definite military occupation.
Rath/er than acquiesce in such a situa
tion. Jji'pan is prepared to go to war. She
Is not disposed to carry on diplomatic
correspondence for an unlimited time,
end. feeling herself ready to put the mat
ter to a final test of arms, she does not
ehrinlc from meeting the ordeal. The
contempt of Kuropatkin. the Russian
Minister of War, and other high Russian
officials, for Japan's military organization
endangers the Fituation, especially as
«ach country considers that further de-
Jay in settling the question tends to bene
fit Its rival.
Certain incidents that can be observed
here 5»dica.te that the British Government
realizes that the situation holds a serious
posEfbtlity. In this connection it is re
marked that the admiralty recently has
be«n unusually silent regarding the move
ments of the British squadron on the
China, station, while it is known that
enormous stocks of coal have been going
to the Far East depots for weeks past,
concurrently with the issuing of orders
lo k*ep the stocks renewed to the fullest
capacity.
In view of these developments it may
be relevant to remark that the reasons
alkjjed for the abandonment of Earl Rob
erts' visit to the United States appear to
be curiously insufficient. A section of the
British press lately called attention to the
fact that Sir Ernest Satow. the British
Minister to China, who was returning to
Peking from his leave of absence, which
he spent in England, stopped in India and
raade a Journey to Simla to confer with
the 'Viceroy and the Indian Government,
arwl it was inferred that he went to dis
cuss possible contingencies in the Fir
E*«. Whether the incident bears «uch
an interpretation can be ior the present
only conjecture, nor can any confirmation
be obtained of a rumor current here to
the effect that in the event of certain cir
cumstances arising in the Far East the
United Stales squadron now at Lifbon
-will go to Chinese waters b: way of the
Su£* Canal. .' (
Be in Conflict.
BRITAIN EXPECTS WAE
Eelieves Sussia and Japan Will Soqn
t PEKING, July 23.— Prince Ching. the
president cf the Foreign Office, has writ
ten to United States Minister Conger, re
fusing to open towns in Manchuria, la
Q".la letter lie dwells upon the impossibility
te>? China -opening to foreigners towns
."which are net in her possession, but
which are held by Russian troops, and
points out the complications which ¦would
i>e likely to fellow.
¦ It If b«'!:eved here, however, that a
•compromise may be reached by including
one town— Tatur.gkao— in the new com
mercial ticaty.
WASHINGTON*. July as
the Chinese Government very recently has
expressed its willingness to yield to the
desires of the United States for open
ports la y^nchuria the cSlcials here are
fit a loss to understand the communica
tion sent by Prince Ching to Minister
Cor.ger, refusing this concession. They
have received no advices en the subject.
bSQXKSSed by the heretofore expressed
willingness of China to cp«n Manchurian
ports, reinforced by the assurances given
to this Government by Russia alcr.g the
came lints, the officials continue firm in
their belief that the situation ultimately
will be clarified and the effoits cf the
United Sta:es be rewarded. In some quar
ters the objections urged to the opening
cf ports in Prince Chings communication
tre regarded as a mere diplomatic quib
ble cesiET-.od. perhaps, to placate Russia.
China, which is here retarded as the
Movfreign power in placet uria, made a
pledge to open Manchuria and tfce United
States Government fully intends that it
shall be tee^t to the letter.
"Altogether the improvements which
the company proposes will cost In the
neighborhood of $1,000,000. all of which
amount will be expended in and around
Alameda. If the attitude of the City
Trustees in delaying our franchise Is re
ceiving, the support of the public of Ala
meda we want to know it. If the people
of that place do not want us. we shall be
obliged to withdraw. We do not want to
da this, but the attitude of the Trustee*
13 forcing us to shape our plans to that
end.
"A franchise for any less term than
fifty ' years will not be accepted by the
Southern Pacific Company, as the outlay
for Its proposed improvements Is too large
to justify going ahead without a guaran
tee- of a long term In which we shall have
the privilege of operating. "We are, loth
to abandon the present terminus, but
there seems to be no other alternative.
"In case it shall appear that we can
not secure the franchise we have asked
for we shall withdraw from Alameda al
together. This will not work any partic
ular hardship On the company, but It will
be a severe blow to Alameda. Our with
drawal will mean a heavy depreciation
of property values throughout the sec
tion we traverse and will cause the re
moval from that place of many thou
sands of people who now make their
homes there on account of the methods
of transportation we furnish.
"All that Is necessary for us to do 13
to construct a branch from West San
Leandro to the main line and make our
terminus at Oakland pier. This plan has
many advantages from a railroad stand
point. The cost of constructing and op
erating the line will be very much less
than the price of completing the improve
ments at the Alameda mole and at the
same time It would tend to center the
business of the company at Oakland, by
which operating expenses would be great
ly reduced.
"As I said, we have no desire to with
draw from Alameda. but If the people do
not want ua, there, we are prepared to
find, another outlet for our business. It
rests entirely with them and we hope that
for their own Interests they will recog
nize the necessity of retaining the road
and force the Trustees to grant us the
only franchise under which we would feel
justified In continuing our work there."
telephone will work at present Is limited,
but the Inventor is confident that in time
this difficulty will be overcome. The ap
paratus operates m the open air. but not
to any appreciable distance. The most
successful experiments have been mads
on the water.
This new system is said to be especially
useful for ferry-boajs and other harbor
craft, as by means of It messages may
be readily sent from one to another.
As energy from the wireless telephone is
radiated In every direction, this feature Is
not objectionable, as In a harbor the
various vessels should be aware of the
presence of one another. It is the con
tention of "the Inventor that there has
been no real improvement in the mean*
of signaling craft since the Introduction
of the steam wfcistla.
"It Is true we contemplate stopping all
work on the proposed new depot at th«
Alameda mole. The Southern Pacific
Company- does not feel Justified in going
ahead with Us plans on the narrow-gauga
road and incurring the great expense en
tailed in their completion unless it is as
sured of a fifty-year franchise. So far
the City Trustees of Alameda have not
acted on our petition for a franchise and
until they do nothing further will be
done toward the completion of the depot
and the standardizing of the track to
Santa Clara.
It is officially announced that th« work
of reconstructing the pier and depot at
the Alameda mole will be discontinued by
the Southern Pacific Company until such
time aa definite action has been taken by
the City Trustees upon the two applica
tions for fifty-year franchises for its lo
cal roads filed by the corporation.
Some of the workmen employed at the
pier and depot site were laid off indefinite
ly yesterday morning without being given
any reason for their discharge. There Is
much to be done before- a pier and depot
to replace those destroyed by fire nearly
a year ago are ready for use. Thus far
only the preliminary work of clearing
away the debris, pulling up damaged piles
and framing some of the lumber to ba
utilized in the structure has been done.
Since the citizens of Alameda have by
a petition placed themselves on record as
being in favor of granting the Southern
Pacific franchises for five years, instead
of the fifty-year privileges the company
seeks, the management is somewhat
perturbed over the situation and ha3 de
cided to move slowly in negotiations and
proposed improvements in that city.
B. A. Worthington, division superin
tendent of the road, when seen last night
at his home in thi3 city, said In relation
to the matter:
Will Abandon Line in En
cinal City and Find Out
let in Oakland.
-'Washington Government
Will Hold Empire to
Its Agreement.
Purposes to Stop All
Work on Alameda
Depot.
Would Break Pledge
Made to United
States.
Refuses to Open
Maneiiuria to
Trade.
Southern Pacific Is
Firm in Its
Demand.
CHINA ONCE
MORE DEFIES
THIS NATION
WILL REFUSE
SHOUT TIME
FRANCHISE
The San Francisco Call.A Snap
With a camera creates- a life-long re
membrance. The Photo . Supply Depart
ment of Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market' st.,
has every thine in the Dhotozraobic line. ' *
TOPEKA. Kane. July 22. — General Manager
Mudre of the Santa Fe.road left to-nl«rht for
L« Junta, where he will make Inquiry into the
difficulty with the striking . machinist* ; there.
He Is firm In his declaration that the strikers
•ill not be re-employed, and If necessary the
work of the La Junta shops will be removed
to Tcpekt.
Home Rule County Convention.
HONOLULU.; July; 22.— A call has been
Issued for a {Home Rule County Conven
tion. The fight for the leadership is at
tracting much attention, the chief contest
ants . for i the ; honor ; being KalauokalanI
and ex-Delegate Wilcox/ \ -
Crazed Fireman Jumps Overboard.
HONOLULU, July 22.-A fireman on the
Fteatner Sonoma named R. Sullivan be
came mentally, unbalanced Saturday while
the vessel was In midocean and jumped
overboard. . . The steamer was stopped
with all possible haste, boats were low
ered and the unfortunate man was res
cued. He had become crazed by the heat,
but under treatment was "soon In a fair
way 'toward recovery. '-\
Turkish Treasury Empty.
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 22.— Thq
emptiness of the Turkish treasury is
shown by the fact that the Finance Min
ister has for several weeks been unsuc
cessfully endeavoring to pay a month's
salary to the state officials, who have- re
ceived only one month's pay since March.
It i« believed that It will be possible to
make a partial payment during the next
few days.
JAPAN FITTING TRANSPORTS.
Government Is Busy Making Prepar
ations for an Impending War.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 22.— News was
received by the steamer Olympla. which
arrived to-day from the Orient, that war
like preparations are going on apace. Of
ficers of the Olympla say the Japanese
Government was fitting many large liners
for transport service. The fleets of
warships of Japan and other powers In
the Orient were .still maneuvering In tho
Gulf of Pechlli and off Korea. Russian
reinforcements were also reported to be
arriving. -
It was reported from Harbin that two
mixed brigades, consisting of Infantry,
cavalry and engineers, were coming over
the trans-Siberian railway and an In
fantry regiment was following. The an
nounced purpose of the coming of these
troops was to test the transportation ca
pacity of the Siberian railway. To | fur
ther reinforce the Russians a battalion of
sailors and marines has been organized
in Russian Turkestan and ordered to
Manchuria. Three new Russian cruisers
are aleo reported from the Straits Settle
ment en route to Port Arthur with car
goes under merchant flags. The Japanese
were much excited when the steamer
sailed because of further reports of Rus
sian encroachments in Korea.
FALC0NI0 THE CELEBRANT.
Official Commemorative Mass of the
Church in America.
WASHINGTON, July 22.-Wlth .all the
solemnity which makes It the most im
pressive service In the Roman liturgy, a
solemn pontifical- requiem for his Holi
ness Leo XIII. was celebrated at St.
Mary's Church to-day by his Excellency
the apostolic delegate Most Rev. Falco
nlo. The presence of Mgr. Falconlo in
the capacity of celebrant made the ser
vice the official commemorative mass of
the church In America.
Invitations had been issued to the mem
bers of the diplomatic corps and to the
Cabinet. The seat of honor, Immediately
beside the catafalque, was reserved for
the German Charge d'Affaires, . Mr.
Schneller, who was attired in the full
uniform of a first lieutenant of the regi
ment of which the King of Saxony is the
head. Mr. Schneller wore on his left arm
a heavy band of crape. \ Immediately be
hind Mr... Schneller sat Mr. Grip, the
Minister from Sweden arid Norway, and
Mr. Colvo the Costa Rican Minister. To
the left of the catatalaue sat. Secretary
of the : Treasury Shaw. The Attorney
General was unable to be present, but
sent a personal representative. The apos
tolic delegate received telegrams of . re
gret "from. the. .Ministers of Perui'.- Brazil,
Portugal and Argentina, who are absent
from the city. ...
The sermon was preached by . the Rev.
Charles Warren Iverre. rector of St.
Mary's Church, and was a glowing trib
ute to the late Pope/. .
The four absolutions were ( pronounced
by the representatives of the Franciscan,
Dominican, Jesuit and Sulplclan orders
present* namely,' Revs. Fathers Bebe, O.
S. O.; Kent, O. 8. p.; Mulvaney, S. J.8.;
Chapus, S. 8.
His Excellency th» apostolic delegate
pronounced the final absolution. Th«
church was heavily draped In mourning.
SCMPTER. Or.. July 22.— According to fig
ures Jutt compiled the gold output for the
month of June amounted to' H&O.OOQ, j the
li.ri.ffi in the history of the camp.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 22.— The ship Rhud
dan Cattle tJeared to-day for Algoa Bay with
:i4.n:;<> buthfls of wheat.
SLEEP IS UNDISTURBED
BY FALL FBOM TRAIN
Girl Somnambulist Has a Bemark
able Escape From Death
Near Pocatello.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 22.— A special
to the Tribune from Pocatello, Idaho,
tells of the remarkable escape from death
near that place early to-day of Bertha
Wilier, a 14-year-old somnambulist,' whose
home Is in Indianapolis. While the train
was running sixty-five miles an hour the
little girl Jumped from her berth through
the window. of the sleeper. At the next
stop the father of the girl left the train
»nd went in search of the child. She was
found some distance from the track, still
asleep, but beyond numerous scratches
was uninjured. She has no recollection of
leaving th« train.
"WASHINGTON. July 22.— President Bar
rett of the local Association of Bookbind
ei-s to-day announced that, every book
binder in the Government printing office
and the members of the allied unions will
quit work if \V. A. Miller, assistant fore
man of the Government printing office,
whose dismissal from that office the Pres
ident recently revoked, is permitted to re
sume work. The local union officials to
day sent a communication to Secretary
Corulyou of the Department of Com
merce and Labor strongly expressing
their position against Miller's reinstate
ment. The union also gave out a state
ment reciting the developments in the
«-ase and charging Miller with using scur
rilous language about those employed un
der him. and slandering the bookbinders'
organization, in which he was a member.
The statement recites:
Our oreanization does not or cannot dictate
the policy of conducting the affairs of the
bindery in the Government printing olflce. The
rules are the same as control all the union
ehope in the United States.
That Mr. Miller had cheapened any class
of work for the Government and tliat that
was the cause at his suspension and expulsion
I* not true. Miller's methods were the most
unbusinesslike of any foreman ir. the office
and his tactics In punishing men under him
were contemptible. In the office and public
]ilace fi he made use of scurrilous and in
*ultln« rezn&rke about employes, causing a
distrust in his division as to permanence of
eaiplojment.
The statement closes as follows:
The unions havt never requested Mr. Mil
ler's discharge from the Government printing
office. It chould be noted, however, that our
constitution forbids us to work witii a eus>
r*nded or expelled member. \\> learned that
Mr. Miller had been discharged on legal
charges preferred by the public printer in
accordance with the civil service law. Our
evidence clearly demonstrates that he had con
tinually abused the public printer in public
rl&ces.
The .statement makes personal allega
tions against Miller,, and says that affi
davits have been placed in the hands of
the proper official for full and complete
investigation.
Objects to Miller's Re
turn to Work in
Printing Office.
UNION OPPOSES
REINSTATEMENT
WASHINGTON, ' July 22.— Charles
Hedges to-day was removed from the of
fice of superintendent of free delivery of
the Postofflce Department on the charge
of falsifying his diary and loaning his
traveling commission. It is charged "that
he reported himself at various .places,
when, in fact, he was not at those places
on the date's mentioned, in some instances
being hundreds of miles away. Hedges,
while making no general denial of the
charges, contended that they were not suf
ficient justification for removal.
Ervin Thorpe, postofflce inspector In
charge at New York, who has been assist
ing in the administration of the free deliv
ery service since the Inception of the in
vestigation, has been designated acting
superintendent in place of Hedges. The
official statement in the case made public
to-day by Fourth -Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow says in part:
On October 25, 1900, Hedges states under oath
in his diary that he was at Joplin, Mo., on
"extension of free delivery service." when In
fact he was In Mansfield, Ohio, attending the
funeral of former Secretary John Sherman. On
December 7, 1899, he reports himself at San
Antonio. Tex., "investigating carrier service,"
while in 'act he was in Mexico on a mining
property. In the month of October, 1889. A.
W. McBean. superintendent of free delivery,
was sick with typhoid .fever and Hedges was
at the department, acting as superintendent.
In his diary he states under oath that he was
at various places, namely New York. Philadel
phia. Bridgeport. Conn.; Camden. X. J.. and
elsewhere, "actually engaged In traveling on
the business of the free delivery service." As-
Fistant superintendents of free delivery are al
lowed a per diem of $4 in lieu of expenses for
each day actually traveling on business for
the department. Hedges' false statements as
to his whereabouts were manifestly for the pur
pose of collecting per diem to which he was
>iot entitled.
There are many other Instances of similar
falsifications. The facts were submitted to th*
Postmaster General some days since, who di
rected Hecrcs* removal for the reasons above
set forth.
BEISTOW INFORMS HEDGES.
The case was worked up by Postoffice
Inspector George Sutton, assisted by In
spectors Bennett and Johns. There were
several charges on file against Hedges,
but none of these constituted the basis of
hi* dismissal. The acts which led to his
removal were discovered by the inspectors
in the course of their general investiga
tion of the records of the free delivery of
fice. 'The case has been under investiga
tion for several weeks. Bristow sum
moned Hedges shortly before the close
of office hours this afternoon and notified
him of his dismissal.
Hedges was appointed to the postal ser
vice from the Tenth Congressional Dis
trict of Texas on July 1, 1898, and was ap
pointed superintendent of free delivery
July 1. 190L His salary was $3000 a year.
He had charge of the delivery service In
the cities, the rural free delivery service
being under another superintendent, and
both being under the general supervision
of August W. Machen.
In a statement to-night Hedges said: .
While I was aetUtant superintendent of free
delivery, with headquarters at New York. 1
was called to Washington to take charge of
the entire service while Mr. Machen was 111
with typhoid fever. While so acting I got $2000
?¦alary as assistant euperintendent, while Mr.
Machen received $3500. It was necessary tor
me to get the per diem allowance to make the
services and the compensation equal. It has
been the practice of the office for the party tak
ing the place of the head of the ten-ice to'
claim oer diem in some form. In my case I
was also supervising the Eastern division while
officiating a!? general superintendent here.
NAMES THE INFORMANT.
Herbert W. Valentine, now in the New York
postofflce. and formerly stenographer there un
der me. surrendered private letters and notes
to the inspectors which gave them this Informa
tion. I used to drop htm a line when I was
traveling to keep him posted on my where
abouts. Valentine Is the one who used this
postofflce commission. It was used with the
knowledge of General Superintendent Machen
and of First Assistant Postmaster * General
Johnson. Valentine was anxious to go out on
field work. Bristow refused to allow the issu
ance of a commission for Valentine on the
ground that he was a clerk and not an officer.
Machen. however, held that as Valentine was
engaged on the work of the office his use of the
commission was not Illegal. As to the San
Antonio reference. I waa in Mexico, but not ex
rminlng mining property. I did not see this
mining property. In making my reports I never
put down towns that I had not visited, nor
did I put down all the towns that I visited, as
I was permitted to do. Thus I omitted men
tioning the Mansfield visit, because I had no
official work there and JopIIn was the last
place where I had had official work. I elmply
prolonged the time on the list.
Bristow declined to-night to' say any
thing as to the status of Valentine, who
Hedges said traveled on his commission.
/It has been stated that Cannon is op
posed to. any agitation of the financial
question and that he would exercise his
power as Speaker of the House after elec
tion to prevent any legislation looking to
changes In the present currency system.
These statements, it is said, do not re
flect his views. He does not approve of
some of the financial- measures, but he
indicates that if there* be a substantial
sentiment next fall in favor of currency
legislation he will not be found standing
In the way of it.
Senator Platt said after his call on the
President t_at he would come to Oyster
Bay to conclude a conference concerning
jiome present matters in New York Stite.
These matters, he added, were not in
shape at present for public discussion.
Jo... part, they related to appointments to
be made HSy the President.
Platt declared that every Republican In
New York was supporting the President
freely and enthusiastically and he had
no more doubt of his election than he
had of his nomination. As to the or
ganization of the Republican National
Committee the Senator said that Senator
Hanna, in his judgment, would be re
elected chairman, and he had no doubt
Mr. Hanna would consent to serve again.
OYSTER BAY, July 22.— While ad
mitting before he left for New York that
proposed financial legislation was under
consideration to-day. Representative Can
non Insisted that his call upon the Presi
dent was principally social. Matters of
legislation, .both financial and general.
wer% discussed briefly and informally, but
no definite conclusions were reached.
Cannon said it was not certain whether
or not the House. would take up for con
sideration financial legislation at the ex
traordinary session in November. That
could be determined finally only by the
House 'iiself. '
DAIRYMAN VEXES
COMMISSIONERS
Officials Resent Asser
tions Made in Con
vention.
IMPRESSIVE to a marked degree was
the solemn requiem mass offered up
yesterday morning at St. Mary's
; Cathedral for the repose of the. soul
of the late Pontiff, Leo XIII. In acordU
ance with the request of Archbishop Rlor
dan, the exterior and interior of the sa
cred edifice had been draped with suitable
emblems of mourning. The main doors
of the cathedral were shrouded in black
cloth, hiding . the elaborate carvings of
marble. Around the galleries were draped
widths of black velvet edged with a nar
row strip of white lace, j The front of the
organ loft was similarly hidden, but the
main emblems of grief were displayed on
the altar and sanctuary. The ¦; lofty,
stained-glass window back .of the altar,
representing the assumption ofthe Blessed
Virgin, was eo~rapletely hidden by grace
ful folds of black crepe. The ornaments
of the altar had been removed, and only
the ' massive candelabra lent a tinge of
color to the white marble. The candelabra
were draped in black cloth, and the same
material covered the front of the altar,
upon which appeared a 'Latin cross in
white. vel vet. ,The tall pillars on each side
of the sanctuary were completely covered
with black cloth, and the pulpit waa sim
ilarly treated.
The solemn mass commenced at 9
o'clock, and for an hour previous the big
bell of the <athedral was tolled. The im
pressive service for the dead was intoned
by the Vicar General, father J. J. Pren
dergast, assisted by Father J. B. Hannl
gan, deacon; Father Charles A. .Ramm,
sub-deacon, and Rev. George Inglefield,
master of ceremonies. . , *
• To the soft tones of the organ the-of
ficiating priests advanced to the front of
the altar, upon which burned six tall can
dles. The candles on the side altars were
not burning, as a sign of mourning for
the Pope. .
Archbishop Rlordan, wearing his robes
and supported by Father Mulligan, occu
pied the throne, while Coadjutor Arch
bishop Montgomery also took a place at
the altar.
The Intoning of the requiem mass by
Vicar" General Prendergast was most im
pressive and the solemn ceremony was
listened to with rapt attention by the
worshipers present.
The musical portion of the service con
sisted of the "Requiem" by Schmidt and
Cherublnl.
A death-like stillness pervaded the in
terior of the cathedral at that portion of
the service consisting of the elevation of
the host. The officiating priests and the
acolytes knelt before tho altar, while the
commanding figure of General
Prendergast towered above all. The con
gregation knelt and the solemnity of the
occasion was felt by all who took part
p In it.
At the close of the service Archbishop
Riordan addressed the congregation and
announced that the consecration of
Bishop-elect Liebert of Honolulu would
take place on Saturday morning at 8
o'clock. The Archbishop said that, though
the Catholic church was in mourning for
the late Pontiff, the work of consecrating
the new Bishop was a necessity.
His Grace also Invited all present to
take part in the pontifical requiem, mass
for the departed Pontiff which will be in
toned on Sunday morning next at 11
o'clock. He said that the hour would cor
respond with the time that the body of
the dead Pontiff would be interred In
Rome.
In concluding his brief address the
Archbishop, asked the prayers of all for
the soul of Pope Leo XXII and also that
divine inspiration might rest upon the
conclave of Cardinals, upon whom de T
volved the duty of electing a supreme
head of 'the Catholic church. The Arch
bishop said in conclusion that all Catholics
would pray that God would guide the Car
dinals to select another Pontiff to take
the place .of the one who is mourned all
over the world.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 22.— To-day's ses
¦ Ion of the dairy and food convention was
enlivened by a spirited controversy grow
ing out of the discussion of the food ques
tion from the manufacturers' standpoint.
T. M. Frailey of Camden. N. J., intimated
that dairy and food authorities should not
take .as active a part in legislative mat
ters' as they do. It was enough if they
enforced the laws, he said, without going
out of their way to frame laws on their
own responsibility.
Hon. C. "W. Scoville of Kentucky took
exception to this part of Frailey's state
ment. • He thought Frailey could not have
meant just what he said and thought an
explanation was due. B. H. Warren, the
commissioner of Pennsylvania, also said
that the remarks were unwarranted and
should be withdrawn. But Frailey neither
withdrew his remarks nor made an ex
planation. R- J. Mauck of Columbus
arose and held aloft a circular which he
shook fiercely, declaring that it was an
outrage and a cowardly attack upon the
dairy commissioner of every State.
"It is a base insinuation," said he.
"against Dairy Commissioner McConnell
and evefy honest official."
The circular was a letter addressed to
dealers and signed by Frailey. In which
the dealers were told not to fe^ar the
dairy and food officials who pretended to
know a great deal about law, as they
were generally overstepping their author
ity and half the time had no authority of
law for their action. It urged in an in
sinuating manner a defiance by dealers of
the food N commissioners* regulations.
The matter was dropped without action
being taken.
Diagnosis of Pope Leo's Physicians
Is Confirmed. . .
REPORT OF THE AUTOPSY.
ROME, July 22.— Dr. Lapponl this morn
ing presented to Cardinal Oreglia the of
ficial report of the autopsy performed ye.s
terday on the body of the Pope, which
was conducted so far as permissible in
connection with the embalming. The re
port Is chiefly important in disproving the
presence of cancer or nephritis. The text
of the report follows:
We began by injecting: Into the thigh more
than five liters of special preserving liquid.
Having opened the abflomen, the lower, viscera
were extracted and round to be perfectly
healthy.- The spleen and kidneys were also ab
solutely normal. In th« latter the cortical cub
stance was well, preserved and of a pale pink
color. After, opening the thorax It was found
that the heart, the aorta and the carotid ar
teries were healthy, except that In the arch
aorta was found an atherometus excrescence.
Nothing was found In the pericardium. The
pleura on the left side was quite normal, but
on the right side the pleura was full of liquor
of an orange-yellow color 'above and bloody at
the bottom, with a Urge clot of flbrln« float-
Ing? More flbrine was on the free surface of
the rleura toward the ribs, with a slight
scraping of flbrine easily detached, allowing a
view of the surface t erum.
'The upper superior part of the right lung
was quits normal, but the upper lower part
was somewhat hard and cracked at the touch,
and while cutting a whitish frothy liquid oozed
out. . The Inferior lob« had partly adhered to
the wall of the thorax and when this was cut
a dirty-white 'abundant liquid oozed out. show
ing complete hepattzation. Afterward the tho
rax was fllled with medicated cotton and an
antiseptic absorbing substance, after which the
This report was accompanied with an
anatomic diagnosis made by all the doc
tors participating in the embalming,
which say a there was found a round gray
hepatlzatlon of -the right inferior pulmo
nary lobe, with much pleuritic liquid of
a serum flbrine character, partly hemor
rhaglc, thus confirming the clinical diag
nosis.
incision made for the examination was sewed
up and the body put In order.
WASHINGTON, July 22.-The State De
partment haa issued a warrant for the
surrender to the - Danish authorities of
J. A. Joergensen, charged with embez
zlement from a firm that employed him
as bookkeeper. Joergensen eloped from
Svendborg with his assistant bookkeeper
and the two were arrested at Oakland,
Cal. The State Department declined to
give up the woman on the application of
the Danish Government.
Joergensen to Be Surrendered
Deposed Official Defends His Course
in Claiming Per Diem for
Visits He Did Not
Make.
False Entries in Diary Chief
Cause of. Hedges'
Downfall. *
ROME, July 22,-The first of the
great ceremonies of Pope Leo's
funeral commenced to-day, when
• the body lay In state In the throne
room of the Vatican from 9:30 a. m." until
1 p. m/"- All the diplomats accredited to
the Vatican, the Roman Princes, Dukes,
Barons and other representatives^ of an
cient families remaining faithful to the
papacy; all the high dignitaries of the
church, the Archbishops, Bishops and
heads of the religious orders, passed in
solemn procession before the bier.
The papal throne had been removed,
and in its place under the famous red
silken canopy on a small bed lay the body
of Leo. Over the bed was thrown a red
damask covering, on which the body re
posed, robed In white vestments, with the
red rochet and camaure hood and on the
feet slippers embroidered with. gold. Th«
thin hands, clasped over the chest, held
tightly a small ivory crucifix. Around this
was entwined a rosary of mother of pearl
set in gold. On the third finger of the
right hand the huge emerald pontifical
ring sparkled.
In striking contrast with the pale face
was the purple hood, drawn down over
the .head almost to the eyebrows and
over the ears. The sunken . cheeks and
jaws brought the nose and chin nearly to
gether on the mouth, which was reduced
almost to nothing, though no signs of
agony were visible. It was the body of a
man who might have been dead fifty
years.
NOBLE GUABD HOLDS VIGIL.
On either side near the shoulders stood
a member of the Noble Guard, erect and
motionless, only a faint quiver of the
drawn swords giving any indication that
they were not mere statues. The ordeal
of the soldiers In the heated chamber is
so intense that they have to be constant
ly relieved.
At the four corners of the bed stood
lighted candles ten feet high. On the right
of the body, close to the bed. was a' small
table covered with a white linen cloth, on
which were two candles throwing a glim
mer of light on the crucifix between them.
At the foot of the cross was a crystal
bowl filled with holy water from which
each Cardinal ' whenever he passed the
body sprinkled it and uttered a benedlc-.
tlon. Beside this were the devotional
books used by the Pope.
The silence was unbroken save by the
solemn chanting of six of the Franciscan
penitentiaries, who, kneeling or standing
at a ben'ch at the fQot of the bier, con
tinued their Incessant supplications.
To the left and right on the walls two
great, gold and marble brackets supported
many tranches of candelabra, but these
were not lighted, nor were the lamps on
the marble columns at each corner of the
throne room. The only light thrown on
this solemn scene came from the candles
beside -the body and from the faint rays
of sunlight which filtered through the two
windows.
The red damask tapestries with which
the room was hung gave a touch of royal
splendor to the surroundings. -Otherwise
it was an almost simple scene for the
death rites of a Pope. There was no car
pet on the marble floor, and not a flower
was to be seen, according to the strict
ritual of the last honors of the church to
a Pontiff. .
LAST LOOK AT THE DEAD.
As each lay or clerical dignitary entered
the throne room he advanced slowly to
the side of the bed, took one last look at
the body and then withdrew. Some knelt
in momentary prayer and. crossed them
selves. It was the last tribute of devo
tion and affection, rather than mere out
ward homage, to the head of the great
church.
Outside the throne room the long corri
dors of the Vatican presented a brilliant
spectacle. At the entrance of the* court
of St. Damaso pontifical gandarmes ' were
drawn up and rendered military honors
as each carriage drove in. The diplomats
were In full uniform and the Princes and
others were dressed In black.
From the St. Damaso court they passed
up the marble staircase into the Clemen
tlno Hail, where the Swiss Guard was
ranged in double columns on either side.
Next they entered the hall of. Palafre
mlrl, where twenty-five grooms In red
livery led the way to the hall x 6f the
Swiss, where a company of gendarmes
stood on guard at the threshold of the
antechamber, containing a platoon of
the Palatine Guard. Farther along they
passed through the hall of Tapestry and
the chapel of the Pope. The Noble Guard,
in full scarlet uniforms, glittering brass
helmets and, silver sashes, the latter cov
ered with crepe, kept the last watch at
the door of the apartment of their dead
master.
Outside the Vatican an interested
crowd, including a number of Italian sol-
Miers, watched tho coming and going of
the privileged mourners.
In the meanwhile the congregation of
Cardinals met in the hall of the Consis
tory, under the presidency of Cardinal
Oreglia. It was determined to arrange
for the accommodation of the Cardinals
during their enforced seclusion at the
conclave in exactly the same manner as
when Pope Leo was elected.
Monslgnor Merry del Val took up the
duties of secretary of the con/lstorlal con
gregation.
TRIBUTE FBOM EBIN'S SONS.
Cardinal Oreglia received the following
following telegram:
HOUSE OF COMMONS. WESTMINSTER,
July 21.— At to-day's meeting of the Irish
Parliamentary party, on motion of John Red
mond, president, supported by John Dillon, as
representatives of a people who by so many
centuries of suffering . bas attested its fidelity
to the Holy See, we hasten to associate our
selves with the people of Ireland In their sor
row for the event which has agitated the Cath
olic church, throwing the entire civilized peo
ple in mourning. If anything can alleviate
the pain which every Catholic roof supports
in th« loss of our glorious Pontiff, it is the
consoling remembrance of the noble, saintly
life of the Holy Father, his serenity In the
midst of universal anxiety, his devotion td
duty and his marvelous life, which has ren
dered the influence of religion stronger through
out the world, thus alleviating human life.
-We pray Sir Thomas Esmond* and Captain
Donelan to be the interpreters of the profound
condolence of the party on the occasion of the
funeral of his Holiness. JOHN REDMOND.
Cardinal Oreglia received the following
,from King Edward: I
I LONDON. July 21.— Hlg Majesty received
the news of the death of the Pop« with pro
found grief and orders me to transmit to your
Kminence assurances of his sincere sympathy.
His Majesty will always preserve a grateful
recollection of his recent visit to his Holi
ness. LAN6DOWNE.
Platt Declares New York
Republicans Are United
for Roosevelt.
Bristow Removes Super
intendent of Free
Delivery.
Sacred Edifice Draped
i.f- With Emblems 'of
- Mourning; ~
Pay a ; Last Sorrowing
Tribute of Respect
and -Devotion*
where the chapter and clergy of Sti
Peter's awaited the procession, the. lat
ter formally received and took possession
of the body. The torch, mace and cross
bearers started forward, giving an op
portunity to the chapter to take up appo
sition" immediately preceding the bier.
INTO THE . OBEAT BASILICA.
The final stage of. bearing "the prisoner
of the Vatican" to his resting place then
commenced. From the SIstlne Chapel the
procession- wound. oiit around. the Loggia,
immortalized by Raphael; encircled . the
court of San Damaso and descended the
private* Staircase, still chanting, into the
basilica. .
The moment the flaring torches, which
still led the cortege* entered St. Peter's,
the choir, which wasi waiting there, com
menced to sing ;in cadence
"Libera de Domlne.". Monslgnor Car
cani. the canon of St. Peter's, solemnly
sprinkled holy , water^ upon Leo's body
and pronounced absolution. As the body
was borne across the threshold the
cathedral choir, .still singing, took the lead
of the now lengthy procession. The in
tense silence that prevailed was broken
only by the chanting that 'echoed and re
echoed from the huge dome and deserted
aisles of the chapel as .the body was
borne down the nave to the Chapel of the
Sacrament. There candles burned bright
ly-;' At this chapelle ardente the body was
reverently stretched behind the iron gates
and two members of the Noble Guards
took up-posltions on either side of. the
bier.
The procession then \ reformed and re
turned to the Vatican,' leaving the body
of Leo XIII in the greatest church In the
world alone, except for the faithful
guard and, penltentlalrles, •' whose ; pray
ers could be heard in .the Immediate
vicinity of the Chapel of the Sacrament.
Throughout the remainder of the vast
basilica silence reigned. '-
The body of the dead Pope to-night
rests on j the ; high catalfalque. with the
slippered feet protruding through the
gates to be kissed by the falthfulwhen
they will be admitted In the church to
morrow and the following two days.
•ANCIENT KEY IS LOST.
While the remains of the Pope were be
ing carried into St. Peter's this evening
the private ceremony of depositing the
urn containing the viscera in the. Church
of SS., Vincent and Anastaslus was tak
ing, place
A curious hitch occurred when the sol
emn procession arrived at the door of the
special depository in the crypt. It was
stopped, as the key was not to be found.
The attendants hunted high and low and
finally were obliged to break down the
door. The depository had not been opened
since 1846, as, contrary to custom., the
viscera of Pius IX are at St. Peter's. The
rector of the Church of SS. Vincent and
Anastasius will ask that the viscera of
Pius IX be' transferred to his church in
order to make the sequence complete. "'
The will of the late Pope is still un
opened, as proved by the fact that his
apartment is sealed. Otherwise the ob
jects there would have been t distributed.
It was the Instruction left by him. Leo's
intimates say, . however, that, they know
that the testament begins with advice
about religion and morals and that it de T
Clares his firm intention to leave all he
possessed to the church, Including pres
ents, which might appear to be personal
property, on the ground that no one. could
claim anything he had during- life, as he
had generously provided for those bound
to him by the ties of blood and affection.
The report published in the United States
on the authority of the Tribuna here to
the effect that the will had been opened
by Cardinal Oreglia and that it showed
the Pope had left a private fortune of
$15,000,000 was premature, and was retract
ed in a later edition of the Tribuna itself.
BULES IFOB THE CONCLAVE.
At this morning's session of the congre
gation, when Cardinal Oreflia asked if
the conclave would be held in Rome, it is
said only Cardinals Martlnelll and Stein
huber objected on the ground of possible
influence of the Italian Government. Car
dinal Oreglia, who himself at the time of
the death of Pius IX had favored holding
the conclavfe outside of Italy, to-day de
clared that interference by the Italian
Government was impossible, and the pro
posal to hold the conclave in Rome was
carried unanimously. The congregation
decided that all participating in the
clave should not be allowed to hold com
munication of any kind with the outside
world.
In 1878 Cardinal Hohenlohe was permit
ted to have his meals sent from home,
through which medium, it has been al
leged, he notified Crispl, then Minister of
the Interior of Italy, and Prince Bismarck
about the proceedings of the conclave. '
It has been decided that cells occupied
by each Cardinal In the conclave shall be
chosen by lot.
Preparations for In e conclave have al
ready begun in the SIstlne Chapel, where
the balloting will take' place.
It Is said that an agreement has been
reached by the ecclesiastical and Govern
ment authorities to have the Italian
tioops enter St. Peter's should, any dis
turbance occur during any of the three
days 'that Leo will lie in state In the
chapel of the sacrament.
BODY RESTS IN STATE.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Next Speaker of House
Says Call Was
Social.
Diplomats aNd Princes
of the Church View
the Body.
Requiem Mass Is Cele
brated, at St. Mary's
Cathedral.
OUSTS HEAD
OF A POSTAL
DEPARTMENT
CANNON CONFERS
WITH PRESIDENT
FIRST OF THE CEREMONIES
OF THE PONTIFF'S FUNERAL
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
2
\ ADVEETIEEMENTS.
j|pSRTET©
jfiyjfEml^ Efcff4 C^ m bs *Mv
PositiviSy cured by these
¦/; I4tle Fills,
They also relirr. Distress firori Dyspepsia,
1 Indigestion and To> Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Diteiness, Nausea, Drowsi-
. ness, Bad Taste in thtMouth, Ccatcd Tongno
t Pamm the Side, TOKPID LIVER. They
. Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
1 Small PSU. Small Dose,
r Small PtTc9-
/ | f «j. WHAT
> v DROJf*& \ 4s /iSEr
• CURES ALL EYE DISEASES. \~" Z^^
¦ UIFUMED ETES.SCAIES ON UOR,^ '¦£5^
I GRANULATION ETC '*>v AT
% California sunlight. «tronc winds an* alkali
I fiust causa eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Marine Is a favorite toilet requisite. rest»r«« *
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
soothes eye pain.
The laboratories «f the Murine Ey» Remedy
Co.. Chicago. ar« the largest in the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
OCEAN TBAVELu
Steameri leavtj San Fraa-
/£\>^-58J\ d*co as follows;
ArtL^^\iy\. For Ketchliwn. Juneaa.
[Q./ $&$&&l v "*\ Skaijway. etc.. Ala3ka — 11 a.
I i \*C*&la I I m -. Ju) y -°. 30 - Au^ st
l I \6$rig&/ / 4. Change to company's
V*\. \\ /, 0 / steamers at Seatt'e.
VjisV_^^7' For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
** coma. Everett. IVTiatcom — 11
a. m. July 20, 25. 3O. August 4. Changs at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Tacona to N.
P Ry. • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
*Fof Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. July 21 27. August 2: Cotona. 1:30 p.
ni.. July IS.} 24. 30. August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles *3<i
Redondo) San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ro'aa, Sundays. 9 a. in-
state of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los AnKeles 'via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santu Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cuyacos. IPnrt Harfonl
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 16. 2i. August 1.
For Ensenada, Mapdalena Bay. San Jcse del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paji, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayms (Mex.), 10 . m. 7th of eacla
month.
For further Information obtain -folder.
Right is reserved to change stesu&trs or sail-
ing dates.
Ticket Offices— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market streot.
C. D. DTJNAN'N. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Man Francisco.
O. R. & /V. OO.
"Columbia" sails July 22 Aug. ft, 11. 21. 31.
"George W. Elder" sails July IV 27. Aug. 9.
16 28. Only steamship Una to
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through'tlckets to all points, alt
rail or steamship and rail. at LOWES?
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth an4
meals. Steamer satis foot of Spear l»t. at It a.
m. 8 F. BOOTH. Gen. A«t. Paau. Dept.. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK-SOUTH-YIIPTON— COJfTJON.
New Tor.Auc 5 10 am [St. Louis. Aug. 19.10am
Phtla.Aug 12 10 am New. Tor. A or 26. 10 am
ATLAKTIC TRANSPORT UME.
NEW YOHK-LONDON DIKECT.
Mln'tnka.July 25. Barn ! Mln'na.Aus". 9. 5:30 tsn
Mlnn.Aug. 1. 11:30 am iMesaba.Auff. 15. 9 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINIOH LINE.
BOSTON— QUEENSTOWX— LJVUB POOL.
Commonwealth. July 30 [Commonwealth. Aug. 27
New England. .Aug. 6 New Engla nil .. Sept 3
Mayflower Aug. 13jMayflower Sept. ' 10
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington . . July 23 :3outhwark .... Aug. %
Dominion Aug. 1 Canada Aug. 13
Boston Mediterranean d^*
AZOIIE3-GIBRALTAB— NAPLES— (JEXOA.
Cambroman... Sat.. Aug. S. Sept. 19. Oct. 3t
Vancouver Sat.. Aug. 29. Oct. 10-. Nov. 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LIKE.
NEW T.ORK-EOTTERDAM. VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. en.
Rotterdam ....July 29 jStatendam ....Aug. 12
Potsdam Aug. 5 iRyndam Aug. IS
RED STAR LINE.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Vadr'ld.July 25. 10 amjZeeland.Aug ¦». 10 am,
Krnland.Aug. 1. 10 am Finland. Aug.' 13 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW Y0HK-QCEEN3T0WN— HVJEUPOOL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Celtic. .July 24. 5 pmj Armenian. Aug. 4. 6 an»
Oceanic. July 29.9:30am T.utonic.. Auk. 5. noon
Cymric. July 31. 11 anVArablc. -Aug. V. 5 prn
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Arent. Pac'.ao Coa»t.
21 Post st.. San Francisco. ~*
TOYO KISEN KAISHaT
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.\
Steamers win leave wharf, corner First anal
Brannan. streets, it 1 p. m.. ter YOiCOHAJtA.
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe , Hiojo'i
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India. «n» n o
cargo received on board on day of *allln.r
S. S. NIPPON MARU....FrWay Ju! Y ;;i iac3
S. 8. AMERICA MARU ................
Wednesday. AugU3t 3«. 1DC3
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (Calling a: Ma-
nlla) Saturday. S«ptemb«r ll» IJXtt
Via Honolulu. Round-irip ticksis »e induced
rates. For freight and passage, apply ac Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, ccrn<ir Flrsi.
W. H. AVERT. General A|r«nt/
ffamburg-Jtmerfctm.
'FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. JHAMHURO
• Twin-S««w Express »ad Pmjssnjf? Strvlij.
Blnecher July 23'Pa!atU ....Ati* is
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher l; ( 20
Moltke Aug. fi Pennsylvania.. Auir 22
Waldersee Ausr. S A. Victoria.... Aujr" 27
HAMBtJItG-AMEKlCAH UN3, 3? 3> aT , ». T
HERZOQ A CO.. 401 California H. Pen. \ 5 t3.
Oceanics.s.Co.Sisi
8. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. JuIt 25.11 ,\ v
S. a VENTURA, tor Honolulu. Samoa. Auck
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 p v.
g.S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. August 15.11 a \L
O.SPKeiElS&IS8S.G8 n l^..rDitenk8,S43B:Tl3tB
FrosSiaEaL J2i lartat SL.Fier b. 1. Faafa: s l
C0XP162TIB CX3QUU T&AHSATXtlHTItira
DrRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m.^,
Salllmr every Thursday. Instead o£«J»s3Sk
Saturday, at 10 a. r.u. from Pier 42. M&OaiBt
North River, foot of Morton streV-
Flnt-clasa to Havre. 970 and upward S>>.
ond-class to Havre, ftt and upward. CIBn-
ERAL AOENCT FOR UXTTED STATES i.J,'D
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buUdU«>.
N.w York. J. F. FtJQAZl A CO.. Partflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Fran-. 1st o.
Tickets sold." by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Max* btoa mi YjlDiIo at can art.
Steamer CZX. FRISBIE op UON T IC'EJXO
— ©;13 a. m.. 3:13 and 8;C0 p*. m. ¦»*. Sunday
Sunday. 8:« *. m.. 8:30 p. nv. Leave* VaJle'a
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. « p* nu. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50 cents. Tel
Main 150*. Pier 2. Mlssion-st? doc*. UATCtt
BROS.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
DR. KILMZB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TOJIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common Rlass Trlth your
T/ater and let It stand fwenty-four hours;
a sediment or settling indicates an un-
healthy condition or the kidneys; if It
6tair.s the linen it Is evidence of kidney
trouble; too freqrrnt desire to pass iu or
pain In the back Is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder are out 'of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every v.-ish in curing: rheuma-
tism, pain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of tho urinary
passage. It corrects Inability to hold wa-
ter and scalding pain in passing it. or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
be*r, snd overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of reing compelled to go often dur- j
ing the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root Is 6oon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful ci:res of the most distressing
rases. If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a book that tells all about it. both
sent absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. NT. Y. When
writing be pure to mention that you read |
this generous offer in The San Francisco
Daily Call. Don't make any mistake, but
remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address.
Binghamton. N*. *Y., on every bottle.
A 'P'g-p'TtTTSR-M'TrMTfl.
"Five w^k*' treatment al the KLECTRO-
• ¦HEMIC INPTITT.TTE. 118 <Jrant ave.. cured
m*. of BRONCHIAL CATARRH, ASTHMA and
RHEUMATISM, and It also cured me of
HEAFNESS and JMKGIKO EARS and improv-
ed my #ye?i*ht. f am 68 y*>are old. I had *uf-
lemd.tnany yearn and all Ihe *>ther t:eatments
wtitrh I had rre* loudly used <JI<1 itw no Rood "'
i Her*--} i FREDERICK METER.
Mills Coli»K«> P. O.. Alameda County, Cal.
This is only one of hundreds of re-
markable cures by Electro-Chemistry.
Fn><> X-Ray Examination and trial treat-
ment. Specialties — Cancer, Tumors, Ca-
tarrh, Consumption, Bronchitis, Asthma,
Rheumatism, Paralysis, • Locomotor
Ataria. JTervous Debility, Piles and all
Special Diseases of Men and 'Women.
ElectrG-Ciiemic Institute
118 Grant Ave., car. Post St.
office Hour* — 9 «. m. to 5 p. m., and 7 to S p.
in. dally; eundar*. 10 a.-m. to 1 p. m. -
SEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES
AKD GENTLEMEN.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1__
, © ' ROASTS
¦ JS Ka \i»*^flHL * wit and softens the heart.**
9 iw^^ A good roast is the foundation #
"" °^ a g 00^ di nncr - Roasts are
/fflSM 36 9 ll made good, delicious and ap-
Ili^^w ©£S petizing if just touched up
LEA&PERRINS
SAUCe
THE ORIGINAL /WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, soups, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
/ JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Apsntt, NEW YORK.BAKERSFIELD. t July 22.— Building will
commence In a few days on the. plant of the
Pacific :.¦ Smelting Company,; near ¦ this city.
The • preliminary surveys have all i been com
plfterl and the smeltery will b* located on the
McKittrlck. branch of the .- Southern Pacific.
.There will be two fifty-ton furnaces.
.EL PASO, Tex.,- July. K.-A^ D. Prim,
rose, representing. himself as purchasing
agent for Forepaugh's shows, was arrest
edhere this morning for swindling, and Is
held awaiting advices. . Primrose, as agent
for the circus made bogus contracts for
supplies with dealers and secured money
under false, pretense.. He 1b said. to have
puccessf ully. operated the same scheme in
Pacific " Coast ; towns, ; where ;he was Vex-'
posed three months ago (SKaSll
Primrose Is Arrested.
NEW YORK. July 22.— An elephant hunt
In Abyssinia' on a grand scale is reported
to have been planned by several promi
nent In Wall "street. " One of the
leading spirits Is personally acquainted
with King Mcnellk, for whom many val
uable presents will be taken along. i Some
of the brokers', humorous ffienda inti
mate that the hunt' will riot be for ele
phants,;, but to seek traces of the lost
King Solomon gold mines. -
Brokers Plan Elephant Hunt.
HOLLISTER. ' July -22.— John Breen of
San Juan died at his residence to-day,
aged 71. years. He was one of the Donner
party.. His brother, James F. Breen. was
Judge of the Superior Court of San Benito
County. .He leaves a wife- and several
children. ¦ • 2 1; :
Member of Donner Party Dead.
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— The assessed
valuation of Sonoma County for the pres
ent season will show an Increase of > over
{1,225,000 over lastseason. Assessor Frank
Dowd and his deputies are Just 'complet
ing the work, having but three road dist
ricts now to compute, and the Increase
has already amounted to the above figure.
This is a substantial gain, and Is highly
gratifying to everyone. The greatest gain
is in the Incorporated cities, of ; which
there are' six. in Sonoma County. .These
are Santa Rosa, Petaluma, Healdsburg,
Sonoma, Cloverdale and Sebastopol.
Values in Sonoma Increase.
SAN JOSE. July 22.— In the case of Wil
son • R-: Howard, sentenced- to *be hanged
at'San.Quentln Friday morning, July ; 24,
a notice of appeal to the Supreme Court
was tiled here to-day, which will have
the effect of staying the execution. How
ard, who is a negro, robbed and murdered
Andrew Sauer In this city February 27,
afterward making" a full confession of
the crime '¦ \i$'?A\
Appeal Stays the Execution.
SAN DIEGO, July 22.— The Sir Thomas
Lipton challenge cup, presented* by Sir
Thomas to the Corinthian Yacht Club of
thls'clty, as a prize cup, In raxes on the
Pacific Coast, arrived this morning". It
is the handsomest cup that has ever
come to this, coast or probably to the
United States. It stands thirty-two Inches
In height. Is of solid silver on a hardwood
pedestal and the design and workmanship
are exquisite. This cup Is to become the
prize in a series of yacht races that will
begin in July or August of "next year,
open to 30-foot cabin sloops of any Pa
cific Coast Yacht Club. -
Lipton Cup Reaches San Diego.
SAN RAFAEL., f July' 22y-The ladies of
iVIill. Valley- have for a number of months
had an association for the j improvement
of the, town of Mill Valley from a sani
tary standpoint. Their club is known as
the Outdoor Art Club. They will hold
their annual celebration of founders' day
on Saturday evening. August 8. . The
house and grounds of the beautiful East
land estate, known as "Burlwood," will
be thrown open for a military, euchre and
garden fete for the occasion.
Garden Fete at Mill Valley.
Captain Abandons Bark Glencona.
BUENOS AYRES. July 22.-Failing to
receive instructions from the owners, the
captain has abandoned the British bark
Glencona from Tyne, May 13, for San Di
rgo, Cal., previously reported agTound at
£an Bias.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE -
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Board Is Appointed to Meet at San
Francisco for Examination
of Officers.
WASHINGTON", July 22.— Army orders-
Captain Orin B. Myer, Fourteenth Cavalry, to
San Francisco, temporarily for shipment of
public property. Following board appointed to
meet at call of its president at the Presidio.
San Francisco, for examination of officers for
promotion: Lfcutenant Colonel Thomas C.
Woodbury. Seventh Infantry, president: Major
William Stephenson. Burgeon; Major Arthur C.
Ducatt, Seventh Intantry: Major Joseph II. T.
Partello, Seventh Infantry; First Ivieutertant
Edward F. Rockhlll. assistant surgeon; First
Lieutenant Campbell E. Habcock, Seventh In
fantry, recorder. Following have been ordered
tWore thts board for examination: Captain
Walter K. Wright, Seventh Infantry; Captain
rjaniel L. Howell, Se\-enth Infantry: Captain
John S'afford, Eighth Infantry; First Lieuten
ant Austin F. Prescott. Seventh Infantry: Fiist
Lieutenant Edgar A. Fry. Thirteenth Infantry.
Fourth class postmasters appointed — Wash
ington—Pine Flat, Kilckitat County. Mabel
White, vice Nora E. Lindsay, resigned; Trout
Lake. Klickitat County, Guy C. Chapman, vice
W. F. Stadelman. resigned. A postoffice has
been established at Dewett. Lessen County,
Cal., with Walter B. Dewett postmaster. Or
der of July II discontinuing: the postofflce at
Llttrll. Lewis County. Wash., has been re
scinded. Grarce If. Curtis has been commis
sioned postmaster at Elk. Wash. Rural letter
carriers appointed to bepln service August 1 —
Wm hlngv n— MarysviUe. Ra eigh E. Davis, sub
stitute Eugene D. Davis St. ; Colviile, Henry
A. Depute, (substitute Joseph M. Dupuls.
NEW TORK, July 22. — The Coroner"* Jury
in the Charles TV. Itoxbury rase to-day found
a. v«r»iict to the eftVct that df-cr-ased had come
to h:y death at the hands of Charlrg Jack
rors the n»>gro who v-ag arrested and Identi
fied ry Mins Thomasch. Roxbury's companion
on the nlcht he was murdered. <-
BODY OF A GUAED
FOUND IN A CANAL
Young Officer Who Disappeared
From Folsom Prison Was Ac
cidentally Drowned.
FOLSOM. July 22.— The body of Guard
J. J. Donahue, who had been missing
since last Saturday night, was discovered
• /.is morning about S o'clock in the canal
a short distance above Folsom., 'I he wa
ter In the canal was lowered this morn
ing in older that the authorities could
eearch for the* body. .*• : •
Frank Marvin, an employe cT the Fol
som Water Power Company, while walK
ing along the bank, dlxcovoi^j the co/pt-e
floating near the bridge and trestle wMth
Epans the canal. Tnls bridge id pecullail>
constructed and Donahue, being a stran
ger to It, must have accidentally stum
bled and fell Into the canal He had been
employed only a short time at the prison
It was supposed for a time that he had
been murdered. An inquest wjs held thts
afternoon and the Jury returned a verdict
cf accldf ntal .Orownlng.
Huns Down Brigantine Svithiod.
EASTBO1TRNK. England. July 22.—
The British steamer Mlddleham Castlf,
wjilch sailed from Antwerp for Galveat.m
recently, ran down the Swedish brigantine
Svlthiod this morning. Six of the
Bvlthiod's crew were drowned- and three
were landed here. The Middleha'm Cas
tle . sustained only trifling", damage ' and
proceeded.
Wos y Gil Is President.
SAN DOMINGO. Republic of Santo Do
rr.ingo. July 22.— Congress has proclaimed
the election of General Wos y Gil as
President of Santo Domlgo and General
Deschamps as Vice President.
LONDON. July 22— The whaler Vega,
ir which Nordenskjold accomplished the
northeast passage. Is reported by Lloyds
to have been crushed in the ice and to
have foundered in Melville Bay on May
SL After a difficult Journey of 300 miles
in open boats and across the ice the crew
reached the- nearest settlement and re
turned home. There wore no casualties.
Ice Crushes Famous Whaler.
News soon spread through the valley
and a posse of ranchers formed and start
ed In pursuit of Sessions. He was cap
tured flft«en' miles from that place and
taken back to St. Davids, where he was
Identified by the child and then locked up
in a storeroom until word could be sent
to Benson for an officer to take the rrls
oner to Tombstone.
When the, officer arrived the door was
unlocked, but the prisoner was not in the
room. Investigation showed that he had
removed a plank from the floor In a cor
ner of the room, got through the hole and
dug out from beneath the building and«
escaped. Sheriff Lewis of Cochlse County
immediately formed a posse and started
in pursuit, but as Sessions has six hours'
start of the posse' the chances are he has
succeeded in crossing the line.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 22.— A special from
Benson says that W. S. Sessions, a well
to-do farmer and a man of family. 50
years : of age, attacked an 8-year-old
daughter of a neighbor to-day. Afterward
he mounted a horse and rode toward the
Mexican line.
Professor Rltter and his ass'ntants will
leave here on AiiRust 4. but wlIJ return In
December to note the changes I:i animal
life Induced by the winter temperaturp.
The most remarkable discovery, per
haps, is that of the "sapphirlna," whose
iridescence vies with the plumage of the
peacock, showing in turn violet, purple,
green, copper and bronze, and at night
becoming phosphorescent. Numbers of
new specimens of jellyfish ¦ have been
found, and new ones of the order of crus
taceans.
Other rare specimens discovered are the
radiolarlc, with skeletons of silica and of
marvelously elaborate patterns, which
hitherto have been reported only by the
famous Challenger expedition to tfie
tropical Atlantic in 1S72.
Among the protozoa and coelenterata a
number of new forms have been discov
ered within the last few days. One of
these Is the "peridlnium" of the anlnial
culae that has caused the water to as
sume the reddish hue that at times has
been noted and that Is said to give the
characteristic hue to the Red Sea.
SAN DIEGO, July 22.— The investigation
of marine life of the waters of San Diego
Bay by Professor Rltter and his assist
ants of the University of California has
resulted in valuable additions: to the
knowledge of marine biology of the Pa
cific.
Arizona Farmer Is Cap
tured by Pursuers
but Escapes.
Biologists Find Scien
tific Treasures at
San Diego.
BAKERSFIELD. July. 22.— Mrs. Henry L
Borgwarrit f*r., a pioneer of Kern County., died
here *thl«, afternoon rat. the ago of 75 years.-
She wafc a native of Germany and came to Cal
ifornia: forty, years ago. She leaves a husband
and ! several children.
Situated \ close , to the Southern Pacific
depot,, the.. Chamber ' of . Commerce : build
ing will, it Is believed, be visited by many
passing tourists and. thus be, In Itself of
material -assistance to the-chambcr in its
.work of advertising 'Fresno. •¦
'»WHhI--l''-i"I"i"H"H"I"l I-I>4~I~H"i-4- •
weeks more will see the organiza
tion that is doing so much to promote the
Interests . of Fresno' County and herald
her resources and opportunities abroad
comfortably installed in quarters of which
it may justly be proud.
For many years the chamber has talked
of having a building of its own, but it
remained for the present executive com
mittee, the most enterprising and ener
getic ever in control of the chamber, to
take up the actual work. This committee,
consisting of John A. Neu, president; G.
M. Boles, vice president; A. Frank Neate,
secretary; Leopold Gundelflnger, treas
urer, and C. F. Wyer, L. R. Payne, Wil
liam Robertson and C. Allison Telfer, was
elected last January and has accomplish
ed more In the six months it has been in
office than was accomplished for the
Chamber of Commerce in all the previous
years of- Its existence. . .
When the committee first went into of
fice the total membership of the cham
ber was less than 300. A membership
campaign was atonce instituted, with the
result that at present the list numbers
more than 700 names. Several big adver
tising schemes were inaugurated, the
principal one and one Involving, too, the
expenditure of several thousand dollars,
being the placing around every carton of
raisins shipped from here of a sheet of
raisin recipes with a wrlteup of Fresno
County on the reverse side. Exhibits were
•established and maintained in the San
Francisco ferry building, in Los Angeles,
in Chicago/one even as far away as Swe
den, and one also from which results have
already been felt,' at the recent national
encampment of Modern Woodmen at In
dianapolis. • ¦ • ¦ .
But the most Important work undertak
en by the committee was the erection Of
this new bullding.^and the success of its
efforts Is shown by the handsome struc
ture now being built. The cost of the
new. building is upward of $10,000, all of
which was raised in a week's time by
popular subscription among, the business
men.- The- site selected is- In- the , city
park, adjoining the Southern Pacific de
pot, where the building will be surround
ed by a splendid lawn and; a. garden of
palms, shade trees, flowers and. shrub
bery,.an ideal .environment for the home
of an organization engaged in advertis
ing to the world the glories of the queen
county of the San Joaquln Valley.
The building faces on H street. It Is
in the Spanish mission style of architec
ture, which Is Itself almost Callfornlan,
and is . of • brick cemented with a yellow
sandstone-' effect. -The ¦ interior space is
devoted principally to the exhibit room,
where a fine display of the county's prod
.ucts will- bo made. The exhibit will be
arranged Ion shelves extending from* the
wall-to pillars about ten feet out. Inside
the pillar's Is an oblong space that will
be used as an assembly : room 'for the
chamber. There are vestibules front and
rear,, a .waiting-room and a private, office
for the secretary. ".>,
FRESNO, July 22.— Rapid progress
Is being made here in erecting the
new home of the Fresno County
Chamber of Commerce, and a few
Special IHspatch to The Call
AGED PRISONER
OUTWITS POSSE
WATERS YIELD
RARE SPECIMENS
Picturesque Structure Is
. Rapidly Nearing
Completion.
HONOLULU, July 22-The mail steam
«r Ventura arrived yesterday from
Australian and New Zealand ports.
On the trip out from San Francisco,
from which port the Ventura sailed on
June 4. the liner carried the London mails
cf May 23. The Ventura arrived here on
June 10 and landed the London mails in
Auckland on June 21, breaking the mail
transportation record from London to the
Antipodes by a considerable margin.
The return trip from Auckland to this
port was made in fast time and the com
mander of the Ventura expects to land
the Australian mails to San Francisco
on next Monday. The Ventura carries
133 passengers to the mainland. Great
inconvience and loss of time wa» cauced
here by reason of the fact that but four
inspectors were available to search the
baggage of passengers. Great indigna
tion is expressed at the treatment of the
passengers and the matter will doubt
less be taken up at once with the author
ities at Washington.
6TEAMER VENTUBA BREAKS
RECORD TO ANTIPODES
Scarcity cf Customs Inspectors at
Honolulu Causes Passengers
Inconvenience.
LOS ANGELES, July 22.— The proposed
merger of the Farmers' and Merchants'
NatlonaTand the First National banks of
this city, the announcement of which last
Thursday created a commotion In Los An.
geles financial circles, is off.
The directors of the First National met
this afternoon and decided to abandon the
plan outlined in the circular, issued to
stockholders of the two banks last week.
This action was taken, it is said, in def
erence to. the objections made by some of
the heaviest stockholders to the proposed
consolidation. Vice President Kerckhoff
of the First National said to-day:
"We simply have ascertained that It is
the wish of our 'stockholders not to go
into any merger, and as directors we are
bound to regard their wishes. There will
be no consolidation."
The Farmers' and Merchants* National
Sumner on his return from ..Tahiti last
year was obliged to defend himself
against the attacks of relatives, who de
clared that he was insane and unable to
manage properly his large estate. Many
attorneys were engaged in the case and
prominent among these were ex-Judge
Humphreys and Frank Thompson. Sum
ner won his case, but was obliged to pay
$10,000 to the attorneys. Circuit Judge 'tie
Bolt in rendering his decision character
ized this phase of the suit as scandalous,
it having been alleged that Sumner's
money went to the lawyers who opposed
him as well as to those who represented
his interests. Disbarment suits were
brought against Humphreys and Thomp
son and the Supreme Court is now con
sidering the evidence submitted.
HONOLULU. July 22.— The scandal in
legal circles In connection with the Sum
ner case threatens to involve other attor
neys than those already Implicated. It is
stated that disbarment proceedings will
be instituted against a number of law
yers who drew large fees from John K.
Sumner. the aged capitalist, while he was
endeavoring to establish in the courts
fits competency to manage his affairs.
and the First National banks are the two
largest banks In Southern California, and
a consolidation, if It had been carried
out. would have given the consolidated
bank a capital of $2,000,000 and resources
of ttS.000.000.
MEETEETSE. Wyo., July =. -Sheriff
Fenton. with hU prisoner, James McCloud.
guarded by a posse of ninety, men. arrived
at Basin, the county seat of Big Horn
County, last night. The sixty-mile ride
across a country full of friends of the
prisoner was without any incident wor
thy of mention. It was given out at
Thermopolls that McCloud was wanted
for the Buffalo, Wyo.. postofflce robbery,
but It is understood he will be charged
with having been Implicated with tha
murder of Sheepman Minnick.
McCloud "Will Be Charged With Com
plicity in Murder of Sheep
- man Minnick.
SHERIFF FENTON BEACHES
BASIN WITH PRISONER
Suits Are Brought to
Disbar Honolulu
Lawyers.
Proposed Union of Los
Angeles Institutions
Is Off.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF FRESNO AND THE ATTRACTIVE BUILD
ING. NOW NEARLY COMPLETED. WHICH WILL CONTAIN A RARE AND INTERESTING EXHIBIT OF
THE ABUNDANT PRODUCTS FROM ALL SECTIONS OF THE FERTILE COUNTY.
ATTORNEYS FACE
GRAVE CHARGES
SOUTHERN BANKS
WILL NOT MERGE
One ground upon which Justice Caron
decided the merits of the controversy was
that the case Involved mere conspiracy;
that however serious ' the substantive
crimes were, the real charge upon which
the men had been tried here, and which
was Involved in the complaint preferred in
Canada, was conspiracy to commit the33
crimes and that conspiracy was not an
extraditable offense under the treaties.
Counsel for the United States earnestly
contended against this view, arguing that
the facts and the charges show that
Creene and Gaynor were actual partici
pants in the fraud of Captain Carter and
these substantive offenses and partici
pation in them were clearly covered by
the provisions of the extradition treaties
with England and by the laws of both
the United States and Canada. It is be
lieved that the Privy Council will sustain
this contention also.
WASHINGTON. July 22— The Depart
ment of Justice has received a cable
gram from Mr. Mcilaster, Canadian coun
sel for thte Government In the Greene ani
Gaynor case, who Is now In . London.
sta.tir.tf that the application to the Privy
Council of England for leave to appeal
from the decision of Justice Caron cf
Quebec, discharging the accused, hai
been granted. The cablegram said that
the Lord Chancel. or in granting leave to
appeal stated that one Judge could not
Interfere with another In proceedings i;i
h seriou3 and important matter of th.3
iiature: that the offenses were clearly ex
traditable, and that while there was con
spiracy there also was something more.
Pending the examination of the accused
before an extradition commissioner ia
Canada, who was fully clothed with juris
diction, the ca^e was withdrawn from him
under applications of habeas corpu3 ani
was finally decided by Justice Caron anJ
the accused discharged. The L'niteJ
States. contended that the proceedings be
fore the extradition Judge could not thus
be Interfered with, and that view has
been sustained.
LONDON. July 22.— The case of tha
United States for extradition from Can
ada of John F. Gaynor and \V. D. Greene
came up to-day before the Privy Council
on the petition of the United States for
leave to appeal. Sir Edward Clarke, for
the petitioners, presented the case. Coun
sel, instructed by Charles Russell for the
respondents, said Important law poinU
were involved. The respondents noc only
welcomed but were anxious to have the
matter finally disposed of. though they
did not admit the statements in the pa
pers. The Lord Chancellor granted leav*
to appeal.
United Spates Wins a Point
in Canadian Extradi
tion Case.
Maud Gonne (Mrs. John McBride). hung
a black flag out of her window yesterday,
in memory of the Pope, she eaid. It was
pulled down by the police. She hung out
another black flag, and. arming herself
with boiling water, defied the police, who
summoned reinforcements. But they made
no further attempt to haul down the
Mack 2a g, which was again displayed to
day.
The Queen, after presenting badges to
the jubilee nurses, drove to Alexandra
College, accompanied by the Countess of
Dudley and Princess Victoria.
In the meanwhile King Edward held'a
levee at the castle, which was attended
by a gTeat number of prominent persons
from ail parts of Ireland. The streets in
the vicinity of the castle were packed
with people and presented a brilliant ap
pearance, owing to the passing and re
rassing- of hundreds of court and military
officers in full uniform. After the levee
the King returned to the viceregal lodge
where he was joined by the Queen.
Among those present at the levee were
the Roman Catholic Lord Archbishop of
Dublin, the Most Rev. Dr. Walsh, prim
ate of Ireland, and his secretary.
The King drove to Trinity College dur
ing the afternoon and receded an address
of welcome. He was accorded a great re
ception by the students and faculty. He
rpoke briefly, saying he was proud his
name was numbered on the rolls of the
college, which boasted of Swift. Burke
and Grattan. The King on his return to
the viceregal lodge received a continuous
ovation from the crowds in the streets.
of promise for the future. It would be
a source of profound happiness to him if
his reipn were coincident with a new era
of social peace and industrial and com
mercial progress for Ireland.
RrpJying jointly to the other addresses,
the King said he rejoiced to hear of the
awakened spirit of hope and enterprise
among his Irish people, which was full
The King, who wore a field marshal's
uniform, receivei in the throneroom a
large number of deputations prior to the
levee, which opened at noon.
Altogether s'xty-three deputations pre
sented addresses. Replying to the Dub
lin citizens' committee, the King said
there was &o part of his dominions in
which he took greater interest than in
Ireland. T^ie Queen and himself had long
been in sympathy with the movements
tending tr advance the social and material
well-beirg nf the community and they
hoped now to become acquainted with the
conditions under which the people lived
and tj learn what could be done to
brighten the lot of the i>oor.
XMTBLJX\ July 22.— Ki»g Edward and
¦iuwa Alexandra. acr>napanled by the
i-ord Lieutenant and Princess Victoria,
drove from the rtuo*K*1 lodge to the
castle, which they -cached shorUy be
fore 11 o'clock this pornlng. The weath
er was pleasant arJ the crowds greeted
them with cor.tinu'US cheering.
•
Great Number of Prominent
Ferfons Attend J->evee
in Castle
Addresses Presentel by
Sixty-Three Depu
tations.
Lord Chancellor .Up
hcids the American
Contention.
IRISH LEADERS
GREET EDWARD
GRANTS LEAVE
70 TAKE APPEAL
FRESNO COUNTY'S ACTIVE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
SOON WILL BE INSTALLED IN SUPERB QUARTERS
THE SAN VBA1S CISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23; 1903.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR HAT
May Be a Stylish~One, but It Makes
Trouble.
A rnan usually buye a hat that's "In
Btyle." but the modern hat for men has
lots to anewer for.
Bald heads are growing more numerous
«=very day. Hats make excellent breeding
places for the parasitic germs which sap
the life from the roots of the hair.
When your hair bejdns to fall out and
your KcaJp is full of dandruff It is a sure
eign truit these countless germs are busily
at work.
Th*ro is but one way to overcome the
trouble and kill the germs— that way is to
apply Newhro's Herpicide to the sea!p_|t
will kill ihf germs, and healthy hair is
sure to result .
Sold by lr-adinjr drupjdsts. Send 10c In
utamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mice.
Honesty is the easiest policy
too. j
Schilling's Best has made it
so.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ; ¦ ¦ ¦
Cash treatment
without l
cashT^v^
Furniture, carpets, curtains
.... o ¦ ¦
This is the proposition: You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are I delivered,*
-lence you're compelled to- buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in > an out-and-out install-
' ment store. How are you going to get the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy.
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way. ; ¦•''.*'.
We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate, of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one of the big, first-
, . . ., r^ ss furniture stores where the stock is big
7 . and fresh, and where satisfaction is certain;
. and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in good, hard cash.
The installment stores charge you ten per
; t . cent above their cash prices for time. All you
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
' ; ; ' you is FOUR PER CENT.
'; For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
six per cent advance \ then you pay us $20x0
cash and the balance in monthly payments'
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $645 per month.
Investigate this — it will pay you.
Gould, Sullivan Co.
C '- *± ¦ < iAi AC 44/\»ff ** T)^fJ!.«,<v Market and
Suite 1403-05 Call Building, -nurd str^^WASHINGTON. July 22.— John R. Garrison
of the Treatury Department to-day "Tra» ap
pointed Auditor of the DUtrtct ; of ; Columbia
to 6ucceed Jaxnea ¦ T. ¦ Prtty. . whose displace
ment Is- the result of the recent alltced , era
bfzxlement of $73,000 of the fund* of the
office by James M. A. Watson, a clerk.
. SAN RAFAEL, July 22.— A petition for
a writ of habeas corpus was filed in the
Superior^Court to-day in behalf of P. F.-
Rockett the automobllist, and the writ is
returnable on • Monday, " July. 27* . before
Judge T.'J. Lennon. Rockett'.was arrest
ed on June 30 for violating the automobile
ordinance by running: his: machine be
tween the hours of 6 p. m. and 6 aim.,
contrary to'law. This law was passed by
the Board of Supervisors \ in j May. : The
California ? Automobile i Club * proposed . to
test the " validity of the i ordinance; and
Rockettwas cent over to violate the law.
Automobile Law Test Proceeds.
J. K.' Sundhiff, editor of the Sedalia
Capital, also cited to appear for con
tempt, filed a separate answer. In which
he said he merely copied the obnoxious
article from the Standard-Herald. ; He
apologized and threw himself upon- the
mercy of the court. 1 He was let off with
a fine of $1 and costs.
Editor Shepherd paid the fine this after
noon. As soon as It became known in his
borne town that the fine had been imposed
the sum was raised by the citizens and a
telegram was sent to Shepherd notifying
him to draw on the Citizens' Bank for the
amount.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., July 22.— In
the Supreme" Court Attorney New of
Kansas City and Attorney Bradley of
Warrensburg to-day filed a motion, which
was overruled, asking the court to set
aside the order to J. M. Shepherd, editor
of the Standard-Herald of Warrensburg,
to show cause why he should not be pun
ished for contempt, because of his orltl
clsm of the Supreme Court for Its decision
in the Oglesby case. 1 Attorney New, after
the court's ruling, filed a return to* the
order In a motion of demurrer. The de
murrer was overruled and Shepherd was
fined $500. He was remanded to the cus
tody of the marshal.
A dispatch from Pr^scott states that
the trouble arose over the collection ot
Internal revenues which were later re
funded, when it was alleged they had
been wrongfully; Imposed.. Cullom is a
man of good reputation and his arrest
caused a sensation..
Cullom Is Clerk of the Supreme Court
of -Arizona,*- having some months ago : re
signed the Deputy Collectorshlp of Inter
nal Revenue under A. L. Morrison of.
Santa Fe. : '-?•:/ '.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 22.1-Shelby M.
Cullom, a nephew of the Illinois Senator,
was arrested at a late hour last night' by
United States Marshal McCord on, an in
dictment returned . yesterday by the
United States Grand Jury at •- Prescott.
Cullom was allowed' to go, however, on
his own recognizance, and this morning
left for Prescott with the marshal to:an
swer.' . ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦¦/¦"',
Nephew of the Illinois
Senator Placed Un
der Arrest.
Approve Criticism of
Missouri Supreme
Court.
ARIZONA JURY
INDICTS CULLOM
Maxey Blumenthal Breaks Neck.
CHICAGO. July 22.— The American Der
by colt, Maxey Blumenthal, owned by
Edward Corrigan, ran Into the fence
while exercising to-day at Hawthorne
and broke his neck. The stable boy who
rode him escaped injury.
'In personal appearance- General Clay
was a man who would attract attention
among . a thousand. He was j over six
feet tall and as straight as a sapling. He
was stoutly bulU, wjth a thick neck,
deep-set small black .eyes -and close
cropped hair. ¦ "
When young Clay was defeated In run
ning for the Legislature from Lexington
he turned his talents to newspaper work.
Issuing a paper known as the True Amer
ican. It was an abolitionist sheet - and
was as unpopular as it was extreme.
Slaveholders threatened to wreck I his
establishment, burn down his building and
hang him, but he defied them.
. Cassius Marcellus Clay was born in
Kentucky. October 19, . 1810, in Madison.
County. His father was rich, owning Im
mense tracts of land, and the son had the
advantages of" the best education, ending
in Yale, where he was graduated In 1832. .
It was while he was a student at Yale
that he, the son of a salveholder, work
ing; hundreds of negroes on, /his planta
tions, heard \ William Lloyd Garrison
make one of his fiery speeches. From
that hour young Clay was an abolition
ist. He went to his native county to
practice law. He was gifted with the
oratory and personal magnetism peculiar
to some ICentuckians and in 1S33 he was
elected to the Kentucky Legislature. In
1837 and 1S39 he was a member of the
conventions that nominated General Har
rison, under whom his father had fought,
for the Presidency.
He made Lexington his home in 1840
and there ran for the Legislature, but
w«s' defeated because of his, "radical anti
slavery-views.' He was , an. ardent .aboli
tionist and declared, himself without.fear
of consequence. He killed four men and
nearly killed a fifth in personal, encoun
ters resulting from political or personal
Insults. ¦ •
arrogant, belligerent, knight errant of the
lowly. and. poor, his word on his tongue,
his knife and gun, in his belt, his life in
his hands. Lincoln is said to have re
garded him v.-ith alternate admiration and
amazement. '
CITIZENS PAY
EDITOR'S FINE
children to-day that their father
had only a few hours to live. All the chil
dren except one drove to Whitehall and
forcing their way past the general's.body
guard, who was guarding the mansion
with drawn, revolvers, entered the father's
room. General Clay refused to notice
them. This was the first time they had
seen their father in years, and it was only
because the oid man's firearms had been
removed from his room that they dared
enter to-day, as General Clay had threat
ened to kill any one who did so without
his permission.
General Clay did not realize his danger
ous condition and lapsed into uncon-.
sclousness without reconciliation with his
children, who had been forced to remain
away from him for years because he be
lieved they wanted to kill him to get pos
session of his property.
Of late General Clay had been especial
ly strange, keeping the doors barred and
lying in bed with gun in hand. He was
attended by two aged negro retainers, in
whom only he placed trust. Within two
weeks he asked that Dora Richardson,
the young girl he married a few years
ago, be allowed to return to him. The
mere child had tired of her aged husband
In short time, had secured a divorce and
was married to -a young man. She was
recently widowed by an accident. . .
General Clay died In his ninety-fourth
year. • He was one of Kentucky's most
peculiar and distinguished citizens. He
took the Federal side In the Civil War,
having been a rabid abolitionist," in oppo
sition to his kinsmen and neighbors, and
fought on the Union side with great gal
lantry. He was sent as Minister to Rus
sia by Lincoln, and wore his hat at
court on the ground that If the Czar did
not uncover neither would he. Clay was
handsome and cultured and in later years
a majestic figure. He was described as
#.:..;..;..H"M"H"M"H"I-:"l";-M"I"I"I"I"I-4
LEXINGTON, Ky.. July 22.—Gen
eral Cassius M. Clay died this
evening at Whitehall. The phy
sicians notified General Clay's
FAMOUS KENTUCKY ORATOR. ABOLITIONIST AND SOLDIER WHOSE
STORMY LIFE WAS ENDED BY DEATH YESTERDAY AT WHITE
HALL IN HIS NINETY-FOURTH YEAR.
W. P. Bachelder of San Francisco car
ried off the honors in the driving races.
In which the owners were obliged to drive
their own teame. by winning the first two
of the three heats at one mile in 2:41 and
2:41 4-3. Captain John Bar^ieson of San
Francisco and A. H. McKay had blooded
nock entered, the latter two dividing sec
ond prize.
In the quarter-mile running dash E. J.
Boeseke of Santa Barbara won first prize
with Espirator In 23 seconds, i -
The -three-eighths dash was won by
Bonnie, owned by F. J. Carolan of San
Francisco. Time, :37 3-5.
The three-fourths mile dash was won
by Bocseke'e Efplrator in 1:19.
The saddle race, three furlongs, was
won by Miner's Indian in :40.
Newton's Tackna of Los Angeles, which
won several of the fastest polo pony races
last season, went under the wire in the
half-mile run in :52, with Cardan's Fusil
lade a close second.
The races will continue until Saturday
r.ext.
Events.
SANTA BARBARA. July 22.— The larg
est gathering of people that has yet as
sembled to see any event during the mid-
Fumraer tournament witnessed the best
driving and polo pony races this after
noon. The racing events proved one of
the most popular of the " tournament.
Many carae from San Francisco and Los
Angeles, bringing carloads of the best
stock to enter the contests for the tro
phies.
San Franciscans Carry Off Prizes in
Some of the Exciting
SANTA BARBARA RACES
ATTRACT GREAT CROWD
CHERRY PIE CAUSES
YOUNG WOMAN'S DEATH
Mrs. Hattie Lake of San Francisco
Succumbs to Ptomaine
Poisoning.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 22.-Mrs. Hat
tie Lake. 23 years old, of San Francisco
died yesterday of ptomaine poisoning at
the home of her aunt, Mrs. Henry. Ter
ste&ge, on Sliver Hills, New Albany, op
posite to this city, on the Indiana side.
Mrs. Lake's death was directly due to
eating cherry pie on a dining car on June
30, just after leaving Seattle. She was at
the time proceeding from the coast to
New* Albany. Mrs. Lake at once became
ill, and the trip to Chicago was one of
intense agony. Mrs. Lake stopped there
for medical attention, but on July 4 start
ed, for New Albany. Her tongue and
throat were in such condition that she
could not talk. She steadily grew wcrse.
Mrs. Lake's mother, Mrs. Alice Layton,
of Reno, New, wired to-night to send the
body to Cincinnati for cremation.
It developed in the trial that Murphy's coun
sel will put in the <Iefcr.se that the funds he
ia charged with stealing were net leBitimate
riues and fines of the organization, but extor
tion money wrung from builders and contract
ors under threat. Counsel made th« assertion
that one builder in Brooklyn bad be«n forced
to pay the union men $10,001). Questions were
put by defendant's counsel to make it appear
that counsel was in possession of information
that in the l*st year over $200,000 baa been
paid to unions in this city by bosses and em
ployes for fines, assessments and "expenses."
At one time ia his questioning defendant's
counsel arkfd a witness If it were r.ot true
that on* Guilder in New York had paid 415.000
to settle ecme difference with a union. The wit
ness, who was a union man, replied that be
would not tell if he knew.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Before Judge
Newberger In General Sessions to-day the
taking of testimony began in the trial
of Lawrence Murphy, former treasurer
of the Journeymen Stonecutters' Associa
tion, for grand larceny in the theft of
all of the funds of the association,
amounting to $12,244. The Evening Post
•
Murphy's Counsel Pre
pares Peculiar
Defense.
CHARGES UNIONS
WITH EXTORTION
LONDON. July a.— A dippatch from Sa
lonica says there was an obstinate fight
at Thapari, in the vilayet of Monastir,
Macedonia, on July 14 between thirty fn
eurpcrts: and 2j9 Turkish soldhrs from
Morastir.
The'<npurp<»nts lost eight killed. Includ
ing the priest of Thapari. The Turks had
two kilif-d and two wounded.
Spe:ial Dispatch to Th« Call
NEW. YORK, July 22.— Magistrate
Breen, in the Tombs Police Court, issued
a summons to-dav for Norman Selby
("Kid McCoy"), E. Thorman got
the summons. In., court Lawyer. Gold
smith, representing ./Thorman, refused to
discuss the case on: the ground tha.t Mc-
Coy might leave town if he knew that
a summons was dut for him. Later in
the day, however, he said that on July ,7
his client and McCoy had been chatting
together, when Thorman drew out, five
railroad bonds of ?100Q each and < said
he'd like to raise some money on them.
"McCoy volunteered to make the deal
and took the bonds," Goldsmith went on,
"but after that my client never saw him
again, _ although we went to his Broad
way^place at least twenty times. Re
cently he learned that McCoy had put
the bonds with an automobile company
as security for a $3000 machine. "We got
the' summons only to-day.* If we can't
serve It to-night" we'll get a warrant to
morrow. We heard that the 'Kid' Is go
ing to take a little European trip. In
that case we will apply for extradition
papers." ~"
Goldsmith refused the address of hla
client or the name of the automobile
firm that had the bonds. At the Broad
way saloon which bears McCoy's name
no one would admit knowing w;here Mc-
Coy was.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New York Magistrate Issues
a Summons for the
Fighter.
Friest of Thapari AmoDg
Those Left Dead on
the Field.
Is Accused of Hypothe
cating Valuable
Securities.
Eight Insurgents and
x Two Turks Are
Killed.
General Cassius M. Clay' Dies at Whitehall, Re
.fiising to Become Reconciled to His Children,
Who Force Way Past Bodyguard to Bedside
AGED WARRIOR'S LIFE
ENDS IN FINAL STORM
BATTLE OCCURS
IN MACEDONIA
PUGILIST M'COY
MUST EXPLAIN
THE SAN - FRAN CISCO CALii THURSDAY^ JULY 23, 1903.
4
ADVEBTISEJEE3JTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin:
/ T^) AUTOMOBILE jjfft
Yr^> AND DRIVING (U
ME(l PBOTECTORSf \
I J 25 cents per pair V^J
Are You Lazy ?
If you would have the happi-
ness of health, with the elastic
step and clear bright skin, set
your-digestive organs and liver
right by using .
Beecharri's
Pills
i j[ fold ETcrywhcrc In boxes lOcTand 25c.
H%hlarid i
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
"ver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism ¦ and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability, experi-
« n ,e«d in advising their use <free). BATHS ot
ail kinds and massag*. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE -
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of Interest, many of which
can be made In one ¦ day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS.' CROQUET, PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE i BOARD. FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA, DANCINO six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and'
drives. '
Telephones, express and postofnee. "I?"
Hard-finished rooms; first-class table; electrlo
lights.
Rates. $10 to $16 a week. :- n ¦
For booklet and other • information call oa
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery «.,
'•Travelers' Bureau." 630 Market st. or addres*
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CaL
napa Napa County,
[soda springs,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa. Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
bsths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7:80 a. rn. and 4 p. rn. Add.
DOLLMANN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT.
Known everywhere as the largest and most
choice mountain resort in the Pacific States;
located In the scenic mountain region of /Lake
County; elevation. 2375 feet. >
All kinds of amusements to occupy your,
mind and the wonderful Bartlett Water to re-
pair your body; cool nights. ,The climate is
the best in the world for health and there
are no mosQultoes or fleas.
Mineral, tub, steam and massage baths; large
swimming tank.
Plenty of fine trout streams for the sports-
man.
Two route«i — Via Southern Pacific or the Cal-
ifornia and Northwestern.- •
Write ¦ J. . E. McMAHAN. BARTLETT
SPRINGS LAKE CO., CAL.. or apply to
Water Office. 2 Sutter street. San Francisco.
. Pamphlet mailed free. - .
OPENS JULY 15th
HOTEL "Bp'KELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
j Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAY. BERKELEY.
Equipment and . Culsln* First-class.
J. 8. MARSTON. Manager.
'- Correspondence Solicited.
.../ETNA SPRINGS...
Spend the balance of your summer vacation
at Aetna Spring*. California's greatest family
resort. Its wonderful health-restoring waters
are world-famous. Charming cottage life with
first-class table service. Swimming, bowling,
tennis, driving, riding, etc. Prices to suit
everybody. Round-trip rat« from San Fran-
cisco $7. Send for pamphlet.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPAKT,
Aetna Springs, Napa Co., CaL
gLUE TAKES
Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty st
boating, bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation slae. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEI8MAN. Mldlak.
P. P.. Lake County. Cal. .
Camp Curry's Record.
v : 890 Guest* in "99
400 Quests in '00
715 Guests in '01
800 Onests in '03
900 Already in '03
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery st. (Peck's
Bureau), or 641 Market st. (Santa Fe office).
HOTEL WILLITS.
First " season. New building; up" to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished: large dining-room; rooms en suite
with Drivate baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class /plumbing and perfect
eewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures: center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
$2 to $3 60 per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager, WI1-
llts, i Mendoclno County, Cal. .:
Gilroy Hot Springs
For health and pleasure; water unsurpassed
i for rheumatism, kidney, liver and stomach
trouble. Trained masseur. Long distance
P'.ione. Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and 3 p. m. Write for pamphlets.
.V R. ROBERTSON.
SUMMER HOME r/*kM
SANTA CBUE MOUNTAINS.
Fine location, on creek, surrounded by giant
redwoods; newly furnished; everything for
comfort and pleasure. *8end for booklet. H.
W.' HAINES, . prop.. - Glenwood, Cal., or call 11
Montgomery: st., ' Peck's Bureau.
Ba Honda and Pescadero .
Buy your railroad ticket ¦ to Redwood City.
9 a. m. train • from Third and . Townsend sts.
and 9:20 a m. train from San Josej. connect
with - • stage - direct. • Address • WALTER
KNIGHT. ¦» Redwood CTty. - ,
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
, SAJTTA CBU2 CIOXTNTAINS.
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
11 Montgomery St., or S. P. Co., 613 Zlarket st.
B. DICKINSON. Prop.. Ben Lomond. CaL
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery; 59 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's.' 11 Montgomery st.
or H. H. McGOWAN. Sefgler. Lake Co.. Cal!
BONNIE NOOK.
- Alt. 4000 ft. ; s half ml. ' sta, ; ' cottages/ tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H.D. WIARD.
Towle.. Placer County. * CaL« i
FAfil F'STARI F^ TJklih - Tourists, camp-
EAULC 31ADLE3 «rs, hunters. Write to H.
A. ElOred for ratea tor any kind o£ turnout.
iDoveShootiflg
Is Good Now
':: --at-; ::
I Paso Robles
Hot Springs j
V I For Particulars Writ* : \
in ' i ¦ ¦ W. A. JUNKER. ,.
> . \ ' t . Lessee and Manager. < ¦
1 ' ¦ i ! Paso Roblea, Cal. ' •
? Or Call On
THOMAS COOK & SON,
1 625 Market Street,
1 ' San Francisco. '
' ' Information Bureau, Southern Pacific. '
1 613 Market Street. |
Santa Cajalina Island
234 Hours From- Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING, BATHZNO/
FISHING. GOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equlptc-nt, la Shady
HOTEL KLETEOPOLB,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNINO CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
I LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU, 11 MONTGOMERY ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
O/y/J f>f%tS HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
\K AI/t/tiS COUNTY; only 4% hours
\JI\ri\J%J\J f r o m San Francisco and
but 0 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; beat natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph,' daily mail, ex-
press and San Frandeco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon slag's;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon terry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1002 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.; also at
Traveler office. 630 Market St.. or of J. F.
MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAI* *
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
Why does Adams Springs. La!c» County, get
the crowd? Because It cures. It Is the best
water, has the best climate and gives the b«st
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full
particulars at Travelers* Information Bureau.
630- Market street, or by addressing - . .
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for th* reception ot guests.
Our patrons ox last season say t "Tahoo
Tavern is the equal of any summer resort
hotel in the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address TahM Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
' INSPIRATION POINT. £$»'
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINTI
For particulars address A. 8. MANN. 813
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel; modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room; exhilarating air; hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THEO.
BLANCKENBERG JR.. Prop., Oakvllle. Napa
Co.. or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New, modern 80- room hotel; Roes Valley;
first-class \ every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11, 2
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marln Co.
RUBICON" PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing;
bring s>:.ts. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; 4addle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$10 per week. Postoffice. tel. A. I+. FROST. -
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cat.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKIYOU CO.. CAU
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast, fiend for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage. $14 60. good for season. Ratea.-
$10 per week. ¦ . -~*
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3555 feet: opea an
year. Headquarters Mount 6hasta climbers-
plentiful table: fine . flshlns and drives. Par'
ticu!ars Peck's Bureau. *11 Montgomery, a 1£
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co Natural
electrlo waters, champagne baths. Only nlacs
in the world of this class. FlshlngThuntlng*
I J 6^ n^Dl C M°E m Y'E^ O co ; .. ffo'p. 0 "'
MONTRIO HOTEL
: One mile lrora famous "Bohemian Grove*' •
.£"£. 'cA^k^Man'aVe^ JSSg^j?^
DEEfi PARK INN 'E£%3£:} •&.%-¦
l; elev. €507 ft-: mlrira? spg^TrSv.Ur eSS
Mkt St.; booklet, J. B. Soatt D«er^»ark. cSl
6ARDENCin SANITARIUM SA^vj 0SB .
Hydrotherapy. electricity. X-ray, massage.' etc
.Modem. Ideally located. Stnd tormfrituiS: .
IMPORTANT
ANNOUNCEMENT!
Change In the Ownership and Xanagement oj
TUSCAN MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located 0 Miles Northeast of Red Bluff, on th4
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad-
The undersigned begs to Inform the publll
that It has succeeded to the ownership an«l
management of these famous Springs and It \\
Its purpoe* to conduct them In a mann'i
that will Insure such cars and comfort to its
patrons aa will b» thoroughly satisfactory.
Particular attention will be given to th« culalnj
and dining-room service. Furthermore, it 11
the intention of the new owners to «^, t " sl1 ''i^
improve and beautify the property, which. naa<f
ed to the marvelous curative properties of tnq
various Springs in cases of Gout. Rheumatism^,
Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes. KltU
ney troubles of every variety. Urinary tf 0 " 1 ''""'
Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia. Cystitis and Bloov
Diseases of every description, will ulac» th»
"TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front rank of tn<
famous mineral springs of the <
Cases or RHEUMATISM. GOUT. ANDALI
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BB ACCEPTEI
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILX
BB CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL. EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAXL4
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED. V
These wonderful springs can b« reacBea t>»
the Southern Pacific Company's System of K*IU
ways and its connections throughout the Lnneq
States.
Tuscan. Mineral Springs Corporation.
£tagt and Automobile transfer service bei
tween Red Bluff and Tuscan Spring*.
For rates of far* and routes of travel applj
to any Southern Pacific R. R. Agent.
California
Northwestern
Railway
The Picturesque Route of California.
DEER SEASON NOW OPEN.
Ia SONOMA and MENDOCTNO counties dee*
are very plentiful and their haunts only on*
day's ride from San Francisco.
BLACK BASS are biting freely In the Rus-
sian River around Guernevllle, GuernewooJ
Park and Camo Vacation.
The many trout streams are yielding us
trout In great numbers, even though hundreds
and hundreds have been fishing them for tha
past two months.
THIS COMPANY rum it own Fish Hatchery
and every year stocks the streams along it a
road.
So many people have returned from, their va-
cations since July Ota that there Is plenty of
room now for guests at the Resorts.. Hotels
and Summer Homes.
' No months la the year are better for an out-
ing along the California Northwestern Rail-
war than July, August. and September.
Our "Vacation. 1903" gives full Information
In reeard to Hotels. Resorts, Summer Homes
and Camping Spots.
CALL or WRITE for a copy.
Ticket Ofnces. 650 Market et. (Chronic!*
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of Market
St.; General Office, Mutual Life building, cor-
ner Sansome and California sts., San Fran*.
dsco.
E. C. WHITINO. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Oen'l Pa«aT Agt.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Ouern**
vllle. with a mile and a half trontag* on tbm
Russian River. Tents in a beautiful grove oQ
redwood, cak. madrone, laurel ar.d other trees,
A lovely Taller of ISO acres. Boating, batatas
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Rallroa.1
fare, round trip from San Francisco. 13 30.
Take boat at Tlburon ferry. Addraas mt*^
L. C CNOPIUS, Camp Vacation, near Querns*
vllle. Sonoma County, Cal. - ¦
ion am TOCALOMA «JJ«
Bertrand Hotel: flrst-claas aecommodatlaasi
reasonable rates for families A partlea: fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tel««
phone. JOS. 7. BERTRAND, or Bulletin ofOce)
•v«ry Friday. 2 to •* p. m., or No. Shore> R. R^
620 Market at. ¦
OWN A HOME E r^ u - CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog aad wind. Lou $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, bath*
Ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store, P.
O. Sansallto ferry. M. C MEEKER. Cama
Meeker. Sonoma County.
WHITE STJXiPHUJEk SP3XSQ3— Most
accessible springs to San FraacUcow Rouacf
trip $1. no stage far*. Only 2U hours' rld»j
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and phmg«]
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatisms
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stamaeaj
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak* for boat*
Ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowllasj
alley, croquet grounds. Rates, $10 a week an<|
cp. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal-
WITTEB BTEDXCAXi EPKING3, Lok«
Co.. CaL — Good climate, unsurpassed table aad]
best mineral water on earth; hotel open fog
guests the entire year; positively cures Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Trouble*,
Tickets vta Cal. Northwestern R. R. to Uklah.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. main of»
flee and water depot. 1)16 Market st.. 9. F-. ot
R. McCormlck. Witter Springs. Lake Co.. Ca>.
TH2 QETTSESS— A first-class family,
resort. Leon Coblenta. formerly with Mar-
c hand's and Dclmontco. has entire supervision
ot the cuisine and dining-room. Swtmmtn*
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing: $10. $1]
and $14 per week, $2 50 per day. Information
Cal N. W. Ry.. eSO Market st.: also FABIUJ
FE1UUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Cs.
PESCADUBO.
Swanton House, under naxr management*
popular hotel of Baa Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, 'beautiful grounds. ' famous peb&Ia
beach, fishing, hunting. - sea bathlag. Phoae*
Rates. $S and $10 per week. W. I* STEVSNa.
Proprietor. ¦
BEAUTIPXTXi CAMP Mn>!«HB A
grand family resort In the redwood mountain*
of Sonoma Co. : climate and water perfect;
over 10O cottages already built; lots for sale;
boating, bathing and other amusements; txcei-
lent table;' rates $8 per week: take Sausalita
ferry. Address H. M. CfrEOSON. . Sole Prop.
r&r.maAit z:oTxa."~
Auburn. Placer .'Co.. CaL Most popular sum*
mer and winter resort la the foothills. Kiev*.
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Eleotrio Ughts.
Prices moderate. Address .
FREEMAN b WALSH. Proprietors.
TILU JPOHTESATT — Ptart-clajM r»«ortl
Santa Cruz - Mts. ; hotel, cottages: croquet
tennis, billiards, bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights; table first class; $10 to $14;
phone; campers return tickets. $2 50: circu-
lars. J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. CaU
HOTEL LA HO2TDA — Situated in tha
Redwoods. Good trout fishing. Telepaono.
Booklet. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Utada. San
Mateo County. CaL -
AM02TO THE PISTES— Alt. 2031 ft
Wood's ranch: $8- $8 week: positive n» eoa«
sumptlves; writ* for pamphlet. Robt. F.
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Caj.
ELITE SOT3L, Sonoma. CaL — Peter
GOUAILHARDON. Prop. Nawly renovat—*
and now open for summer guests. Rates re*.
sonabla.
BEEGESHEIM — In the Santa Cruz red-
woods: $7 and $£* weekly. For circulars writs
Mrs. E. Wllken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Crua.
WLLOW RANCH — A charming spot la th»
Santa Cruz redwoods; milk, fruit, sprtna
water, dally mail: excellent table. $0 SO re*
wk. MRS.. WM. CRANDELL. S^nta Crua. <Su.
AT CAMP MTTmTEIt— Furnished rooms,
with or without board; three minutes' wali
from depot. MRS. M. E. ACKERMAJJ.
DB. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
The Burdens of Modem
r ptviHzaOon.
. Normally a woman should have no dis-
comfort so far as feelings of discomfort
are concerned, at ....-.,• -^ .. ".
eacb recurring ' " -. • '^" l *^' V
¦period. But moo- • /' • :
ern-' civilization . A ;A
has added its con- n\ I M
ditions of ever- [V\V o _^ //v\
present suffering \ v^SlS^SSs* W\)
toalargepropor- V^^fe: Y
tion of American 1 „, f jLjl
women. The v
great bulk of /^TvfcTj/iS/
such cases is due C % \ Wal''W'
to inflammatory i&jtiNQsN^
or congested con- fflpH****fe»5«/
ditions within a2rKi«Srtf
limited territor- fy/W^'^\
ies which can bo fcnr |€ \
overcome by the fflvk \
right treatment' j(v^CNap2>
Of course, this /a\
local irritation is j«EraaN^k ; \
followed • b y^BSHff^-^^^^^L
headaches, back- \*^—-*fWW
aches, nervous- *'*""• 1 1
ness, irritability, II JV ' ' 1 1
and, indeed, ||| • M
often results in ill k " '."".' , : I I
nervous prostra- \ \
tion or collapae ®|gj_ ,
which might
have been aovid- XjSbIsq
ed by p r o p e r
treatment. I
$500 REWARD FOR WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BS CURBD.
, Backed up bj over'a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cores, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and_ weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $300 in
legal money of- the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure. 'All they esk is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
'r World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Bufiaio, N. Y.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MONTEREY COUNTY, CAZu
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-class
table. • Send for - beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates to F. W. Schroeder,
Manager, , or San Francisco Agent, 11
Montgomery street.
Spiers Springs
LAKE -COUNTY.
Wonderful curativo properties for all dlsor-
> ders of the stomach, i Also * positive cor* , for
liver and kidney troubles. New*- hotel and cot-
tage; 110 to 1 14 per week. Best trout fishing
Jn Lake County.. Round-trip ticket, 0/ P. of-
nce. *8. For particulars call at Peck'a Bureau.
11 Montgomery St.. or address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prop.; mall via Mlddletown.
La Moine
"-. .' First-clam ; hotel on ? SHASTA ' ROUTE: re-,
centlj > enia ix-cd, < furnishing modern I accomrc. o-
datlons. Including electric lights. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTINO on th* Sacramento ltlv-
er. Finest scenery- ta , the world. . Two tralna
daily to and from San Frandsoo.' Go to rleep
In Oakland and wake up at Ia Moine, and'
vice i versa, v Terms ' reasonable. ' Address ¦ all
communications to- CLIFFORD - COGOINS,
Men. L» Mflla*| C*L« - ...Prize Fighter Goes to Prison.
CLEVELAND O.. July 22.— Ten deaths have
resulted from lockjaw In this city slnco "July
4. The latest victim In . Joseph Stasko • He
died* lost Jnight as the result of a slight
wound from a toy pistol on July 4. -
BOSTON. July 22. — Receivers have Iwen ap
pointed for. the Norcross Bros.' Company,"
building constructors. The petitioners allege
that Norcroes Bros, have contract* outstand
ing amounting to $9,000,000. of which $3,000,
000 has been epent in erecting large buildings
in different parts of the country. The total
net Indebtedness Is estimated at $500,000. -
Dr. Mclvor Tyndall. the well known
psychologist, will lecture next Sunday
evening at Stelnway Hair on "The
Thought That Kills." This subject is a
new one and has never before
epoken on It, so it has awakened a 'deal
of Interest .and gives promise of being
both Interesting and Instructive.
Tyndall Will Lecture.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The Commis
eloner of the General Land Office to-day
directed the withdrawal from entry of
68,000 acres of public land In Arizona un
der the reclamation act in connection
with the Salt River irrigation project.
The land Is in Tucson and part In the
Prescott district. The Commissioner also
directed the withdrawal of 1GO.O0O acres In
the Rosswell (N. M.) district for addition
to the Lincoln forest reserve. "V .
Arizona Land Withdrawn.
A certain sum contingent on the nomination
of L#e for Governor could be used very advan
tageously. There are ways by which monev
could be repaid, advanced for a purpose,' of that
kind, within the first year after election.
I control the situation, together with Pfielps
and Carroll. I can make them work for me
without charge. They are subject to my or
ders, and they will dance to my music.
I have had conferences with certain exports
and they hold that It (the anti-trust baklnK
powder legislation) should be stopped In the
next House, and it will cost. Including all con
tingencies, about |1500.
I like you— you are a eood fellow • • •
but business is business, and must be awarded
to those who control the. situation.
Kelly displayed a number of letters,
saying they were the original letters re
ceived by him from Lee. The following
sentences were contained In the letters:
I have concluded that you should furnish
m» with some postage stamps. • • • Total,
ST. LOUIS, July 22.-Special correspon
dence published here from Niagara-on
the-Lakes, Ont., concerning Daniel J.
Kelly, under indictment in this State for
alleged bribery during the Legislature
and who left New York and is now re
siding at NIagara-on-the-Lakes, indicates
that Kelly Is divulging correspondence re
ceived by him from former .Lieutenant-
Governor Lee of Missouri during the time
of the alleged boodle deals. Kelly as
serts that he has a number of letters
from Lee which, he says, will be brought
to Jefferson City next week by Mrs.
Kelly and produced at the bribery trial
of State Senator Farris, to impair Lee's
testimony.
The route from White Horse to the new
diggings is along the Government road
thirty miles, thence west forty miles
along the Dalton trail, thence west thirty
miles and northwest forty miles, being
about seventy miles northwest of Dalton
Post. Two white prospectors were eight
and a half days making the trip.
The strikes, being In the Yukon Terri
tory, the Canadian mining laws are ap.
pllcable. More than 150 licenses have al
ready been taken out and men are leav
ing in large crowds. Horses are at a
premium. Two men, named McMillan
and Wiesdepp. who followed Dawson
Charley Into the new country, have re
turned, to "White Horse from the scene
of the latest strike. They both found 15
cents to the pan on the surface. They did
not reach bedrock. -
SEATTLE, Wash., July 22.—Passen
gers returning from Alaska totday on the
Humboldt report that Dawson, Skagway
and White Horse are in great_excltement
over the new gold strike near Lake Ar
kell. Even the Indians have joined. in the
stampede. The captain of the Humboldt
says that . all one hears in j Skagway is
talk about the new diggings. All who
can get away are making preparations to
go to the new district.
Special Dispatch to The Call
William E. Mushet, a dairyman residing
in Oakland, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday. He owes $4071 and has J22QG
aEfets.
Insolvent Dairyman.
Indians Join in a Stam^
pede Prom Alaskan
Towns. .
Missouri's Former Lieu
tenant Governor in
; Bad Light.
LECTURES ON POSTER
ARTISTS AND THEIR WORK
Barnett Franklin Gives Interesting
Talk Before the San Fran
cisco Architectural Club.
"Poster Artists and Their Work" was
the subject of a lecture last night at the
San Francisco Architectural Club In their
rooms at No. 14 McAllister street.
Barnett Franklin was the speaker of
the evening. He handled his subject In
a forceful manner and evidently with
thorough sympathy of the topic In ques
tion. He referred to the creations of
many of the famous poster artists,
making especial reference to the works
of such men a3 Mucha. Cheret, Penlield,
Nicholson. . Grasset ah^ that highly In
dividual and eccentric figure of the ar
tistic world. Aubrey Beardsley.
He said In part
"A poster is an epigram in color. The
greatest examples of architecture are the
ancient temples of the Greeks, and their
greatness lies in their, simplicity. So It
Is with the work of the true poster artist.
Simplicity, is the' keynote of the poster
art.. . ' ¦ - ; ' . ¦ " \t '- \:'. ] ''¦
"Posters have now come to enjoy a
commercal value. This has inspired the
poster artist to put forth his best en
deavors, and the result is the creation of
great beauty In design. that we now see
for the first time.. Until the poster vogue
set in art and commerce were far apart,
but now through this : poster medium
they are walking hand in hand to the
neutral advantage of both."
The lecture was Illustrated with some
fine reproductions of works j of famous
poster artists, and the talk was punctu
ated with humorous anecdotes, _ Inspired
by ' recollections of different prominent
artists Interested In the work. About
seventy-five' members of the club were
present.. ;hvr .' '. ¦ /OH -
BRAVE POLICEMAN
'*¦••':.!;. WILL GET REWARD
John C. Stelzner to Be Presented
With Handsome Gold Watch
by Colonel Andrews.
Policeman John C. Stelzner, who hero
ically risked his life to save little Charles
Clark from being run over by a street
car several' days ago, will be fittingly re
warded this a/ternoon. Colonel A. An
drews, the well known Jeweler, Is to pre
sent him with a handsome gold watch
as a token of appreciation. for his gallant
deed.
Colonel Andrews has always been an
admirer of men who risk their lives to
save those of others and when he read
of Stelzner's "heroic deed he decided to
reward, hlmln a fitting, manner. .
So. to-morrow, afternoon -the colonel
will appear before the Police Commission
ers, and present Stelzner with the beau
tiful timepiece as a reward for his noble
act. The watch Is a solid gold one and
on its back is engraved the name of
Stelzner and that of Andrews as the pre
senter, together with' the date of th« pre
sentation and' the date" on -which the po
liceman 'saved the life of the boy.
NEW. YORK. July 22. — C.- R. Dickinson of
Brooklyn to-day partially Identified the body
of a man found In the North River yesterday
with a' rope around its neck as that of J. H.
T. CrUmond, " clerk of the County . Clerk In
Fredericksburr. Va. Dickinson said CrUmond
left Virginia about two weeks ago, presumably
for "New- York, telling. his wife she would never
see ' him azaln. r -~ .-...* -,< v
Great Interest attaches to the four open
air. performances of "As You\Llke.It"
to be given at Sutro Heights on the aft
ernoons and evenings of Saturday and
Sunday, August 1 and 2. as a testimonial
to Nance O'NeH before her departure for
New York. The young star, who will
make her debut as Rosalind, will be sup
ported by E. J. Ratcliffe. Charles A. Mill
ward. L. R. Stockwell. Herbert Carr,
Blanche Stoddard and important others.
Including James J. Corbett. who will ap
pear as Charles, the wrestler. The Knick
erbocker double cuartet will be heard in
Open-Air Performance of "As You
Like It" Attracts Attention. • j
BENEFIT TO NANCE O'NEIL.
Mary Stive, aged 13 years, whose parents
live, at 24 Clara fetreet, : was brought be
fore Judge Murasky on Friday as a sub
ject for the Jurisdiction of the Juvenile
court. While in the detention hospital Mrs.
Atkinson, who conducts a sanitarium at
1815 Sutter street, offered to take the girl
to her home and provide hrr with good
clotnlng and a comfortable place. The
girl accepted and was taken away. After
she was neatly clad and on her promise. to
be good she was sent out yesterday with
the little grandchild of the lady. As soon
as she got a few blocks from the
Atkinson house she sent the child home
and. disappeared. The officers were noti
fied and will take her Into custody if they
find her.
Declined to Accept a Home.
MINERS HURRY
TO RICH FIELDS
of the Cross, has settled down
to active work, and the cadets are gain
ing experience that may stand them In
need some day. The out-of-door life is
benefiting their health.
Father Cullen, who is the pride of Com
pany D, visited camp yesterday and
played f ootball^ with the cadets. Fathers
Sullivan and Harvey of Menlo Park were
also visitors and were given a rally by-
Company T.
This morning the battalions were put
through setting-up exercises and saber
drill by Sergeants McCormlck and Smith
oi the United States army. In the after
noon many of the cadets availed them
selves of the railroad company's invita
tion and visited Alum Rock. In the evening
there was a dress parade up town. The
regiment went through this interesting
ceremony in the presence of hundreds of
residents who crowded the main streets.
Later the Young Ladies' Sodality of San
ta Clara tendered the cadets a reception
In Turn Vcrein Hall. Refreshments were
served and an Informal dance ¦was held.
Armand Putz, bandmaster of the Third
Artillery band, arrived in camp last night
and was given a hearty greeting. He was
met at the train by the members of the
HEADQUARTERS SAN FRAN
CISCO CALL. CAMP KEN
NEDY. SANTA CLARA, July
22.— The First Regiment. League
LETTERS HINT
AT BOODLING
The League of the Cross quartet, com
posed of Sam Piercy, first tenor; Leo
Drossel. second tenor; Frank Cresalia,
-first bass, and Louis Keegan, second bass,
goes into action each evening and enter
tains visitors with the latest topical airs.
James Fitzsimmons, Daniel Reynolds,
David Kennedy and Joseph Cone have as
sumed the title of doctor and the powers
of a Board of Health. The*/ admonish
fellow cadets to keep themselves In a san
itary condition, and isBue yellow badges
to those who have been quarantined in
their tqnt.
The "Hotel de Vendome" is the title of
the tented home occupied by Chief
Trumpeter W. N. Buckley, First Ser
'geant of Drummers James Kane. First
Sergeant of Buglers Frank Cresalla and
Quartermaster Sergeant Sam Plercy.
The tent Is very prettily decorated.
Archbishop Montgomery Is expected to
morrow. The regiment will meet him at
the train and escort him to Camp Ken
nedy.
Colonel Power is keeping up the disci
pline of the camp. All orders are in
stantly obeyed. The cadets perform their
duties with military exactness.
Ben McKinley, a member of the staff,
is arranging a court-martial. He is on
the lookout for the cadet who overturned
his cot and spoiled his slumbers. As soon
as he finds him Ben intends to prosecute
him.
band, bugle and drum corps.
Frank Cresalla has scored a hit at this
encampment by his bugle calls In the
evening. He renders tattoos and taps su
perbly, and the visitors to camp always
applaud him.
\V. A. Madden, formerly lieutenant of
Company G and now superintendent of
the County Infirmary, visited camp to
day.
the songs with which the comedy abounds
and over sixty people will take part In
the production. Comfortable seats will
be provided for about 4000 spectators and
the reservations will commence at Sher
man. Clay & Co.'s next Monday morning
at 9 o'clock.
Samuel Rosenthal was arrested yester
day by Detectives Wren and Reynolds on
a "warrant issued by Police Judge Con-
Ian on March 21. 1899. charging him with
felony embezzlement, and was booked at
the City Prison. He was released on J-oO
cash bail. Rosenthal was a collector for
the Hayden Packing Company, now out
of business, and it was alleged that he
had embezzled $125.
Rosenthal's father. William Rosenthal.
33 Turk street, says he made good his
son's defalcation and has a receipt in his
possession signed by E. Hayden for the
amount. His son left the city at the time
for Los Angeles and had remained there
till last February, when he returned to
the city and was married three weeks
ago. Rosenthal senior attributes his
son's arrest to spite work on the part of
a relative by marriage, who notified Hay
den and the police of the young mans
presence In the city.
The police say they never heard of any
compromise and cannot understand why
Hayden should ask for Rosenthal's arrest
If there was a compromise. The case will
be called in Judge Conlan's court this
morning.
Samuel Rosenthal Charged With
: the Crime of Felony Em
bezzlement.
ABBESTED ON A WABRANT
ISSUED FOUR YEABS AGO
to levy an assessment of $10 on the 15,000
Fhare* of the capital stock. Some of the
directors wanted to levy the assessment
immediately, but foreseeing trouble a
majority cf the board concluded that it
would be wiser to put the assessment off
until the first week in September.
These are the conditions under which
the directors of the road will meet to-day.
On one Ride they are opposed by a num
ber of etockholders and on the other they
tre confronted with an aggravating sit
uation in which President Martin and the
heads of his various departments appear
to be at outs and his general manager
threatening to resign. The possibility of
changes in the managerial department
has aroused considerable uneasiness
among the employes of the road, not a
Few of whom fear that the retirement of
Manager Rank may result in their own
retirement. President Martin said yes
terday that he did not intend to remove
Rank, but it is prctly well understood that
the manager is considering the advisa
bility of removing himself.
On top of this the directors decided that
In order to complete the plans for trans
forming a portion of the railroad Into an
electric system about J150.000 would b€
needed and that In order to get this
e mount of money it would be necessary
Hardly had the new schedule been In
augurated before the accidents occurred
and then the stockholders began to tflck.
As might naturally be expected, on Mana
ger Rank was laid the blame of the un
fortunate affairs which have utterly
spoiled the prospects of dividends for
many months to come. Stockholders,
without thoroughly Investigating the ac
cidentF. readily assumed that they were
due to T-oine mlsmary* gement. and Presi
dent Martin Is said to have also made
some remarks that were not pleasing to
his rnanacer.
STOCKHOLDESS INQUISITIVE.
The outcome was that Manager Rank,
supported by other officials of the road,
who thoroughly understand his position,
reminded Pres-ident Martin of their pro
test against his introduction of a new
time schedule and promptly passed the
rr.tire matter up to him. It was about
this time that the individual stockhold
ers were making Inquiries on their own
account as to why the road should have
been visited with so much misfortune.
With unpleasant feelings they recalled the
career of the road under the long admin
istration of J. B. Stetson and failed to
find in its hlstcry so many bad accidents
es had occurred during the very short
time the road had been in the hands of
its new owners.
Certainly, they Insisted, there must be
some cause for these accidents ajid in the
absence of some more satisfactory solu
tion they turned the blame upon Man
ager Rank. When, however, the man
ager and his assistants explained that
they had persistently opposed President
Martin's plan for faster trains and made
it apparent that they had been exerting
the bet=t possible care In the operation of
trains over the badly used roadbed, the
s-tockholders turned to President Martin
lor an explanation and then the quarrel-
Ing is said to have begun.
OPPOSED TO ASSESSMENT.
According to the story that Is going th«
rounds. President Martin, eager to facili
tate traffic on his road, was the first to
suggest the change In the running sched
ule of the trains, which would decrease
the time from the terminals materially,
but the plan was strongly opposed by the
subordinate officials of the road on the
ground that the condition of the latter
would not warrant the Increasing of the
ppeed. Their opposition, however, was of
no avail and the new time schedule was
put In force against their protests.
A rpecla.1 meeting of Oe directors of the
North Shore road is called for this after
noon In the offices of JTesident John Mar
tin, In the Riallo bui'ding, and Its results
«re looked forward a> with de«p Interest
by the heads of the different departments
of the road In this city. For several days
It has been comm-'n talk In railroad cir
cles that perfect harmony does not exist
among the directors as to how the rail
road across the bay should bo managed,
and it is also veil understood that Presi
dent John M: rtin and his assistants in
th« operating department are also at va
riance upon Jie same subject. In fact. It
is learr.ed from a very reliable source that
Manager Rank has threatened to resign
and to this bit of Information has been
added the 6tory that President Martin,
anticipating such a move on the part of
his manager, has been quietly negotiating
for a competent man to fill the possible
vacancy. The present troubles are said
to antedate the recent series of accidents
along the road, but came to a climax
when the mishaps occurred.
INSISTS ON FAST TIME.
Remarks by chairman, F. D.' Brandon. P. G.
P.; toast. "The King"; "God Save the King";
piano solo. E. W. Littleton, P. P.; toast. 'The
President." Austin Lewis; "The Star-Spangled
Banner"; song. "The Little Hero." Hugh Wil
liamson. P. P.; toast. "Our Order," J. H.
Cocking, O. P.; song, "Come Into the Garden,
Maud." Aubrey Yates; toast. "Our Native
Land." Charles \V. Pope. P. G. P.; song, hu
morous. Al Bentley; toast, "Our Adopted Coun
try." W. H. Fuller. P. G. P.; song. "The Ad
miral's Broom," H. AV. Gerrans, P. P.; toast,
"Our Brothers in the Sunny South." Robert
Sharp, P. G. P.; song, selected. T. P. Nowlan;
toast, "Our Brothers In British Columbia," W.
H. Price, P. P.; toast, "The Ladles," W. G.
Johnson, G. V. P.; accompanist. T. P. Nowlan.
The constitution was. amended so that
hereafter grand officers will be elected
by delegates to the Grand Lodge instead
of by the lodges, as In the past.
The committee on distribution reported
in favor of adopting the report of Presi
dent Fuller, with the exception of his
recommendation that no session" be held
by the Grand Lodge in 1904., His recom
mendation that no premiums be paid for^
securing new members and that the per
capita tax remain at $1 was adopted.
• The reports of the grand secretary and
the treasurer were also adopted. '
' In view of the excellent service of
Grand Secretary Thomas Poyser his sal
ary, was, increased for the. current year.".
It was voted that {Tie session of the
Grand Lodge of 1904 be held in this city,
commencing on the third Tuesday in July.
After the installation of the grand offi
cers Past Grand President F. D. Bran
don, on behalf of the grand body, pre
sented a magnificent Jewel to retiring
President W. H. Fuller and eulogized his
service during the year just closed.
Mr. Pierce of British Columbia then pre
sented to the Grand Lodge a large red
flag having on its face the Holy Bible
and the words, "The secret of England's
greatest success."
Before closing the Grand Lodge adopted
a resolution thanking Burnaby and Pick
wick lodjres of this city for their gener
ous entertainment of the members of that
body.
In the evening there was a banquet un
der the auspices of Burnaby and Pick
wick lodges, which was attended by about
200 persons, including many ladies, a large
number of them members of the Order
of Daughters of St. George. F. D. Bran
don, P. G. P., was the toastmaster, and
after the black coffee had been served
the following programme was carried out
under" the direction of the following
named committee: C. W. Rippee, D.
Johns, J. E. Potter, H. W. Gerrans and
J. M. Pointon of Burnaby, and H. Wil
liamson, J. Burchell, J. B. Brown, H. R.
Carles and F. B. Hicks of Pickwick
Lodge:
At the second day's session of the
Grand Lodge of the Sons of St. George
yesterday President-elect J.H. Cocking
of Nanaimo, B. C, and a number of dele
gates who were delayed on the trip to
this city were received and seated.
Lester and Curtin, comedy acrobats,
known as "the man-o'-warsmen," f are
the headliners of a splendid programme
at Grauman's Theater this week.
Hanlon's Pantomime' Company, Harry
and Carrie LaKola in a Japanese jug
gling act, the three Malverns, sensational
acrobats and other high-class specialty
people are pleasing the Chute's patrons
this week. To-night, after the regular
performance, the amateurs wllLappear.
"Under the Red Globe" and "The Three
Musketeers." the new bill at Fischer's
Thedter, are more than making good.
No attraction offered at the Central
Theater during the past year has made
such a hit as the present production of
"Faust." Next week "A Lion's Heart," a
romantic drama, will be produced.
The Orpheum is presentlng^an excep
tionally strong programme this week and,
in consequence, the house is crowded at
every performance. Next Sunday come
Jlme. Konorah, known as "The Modern
Witch and Mistress of Mysteries": "James
J. Morton, a favorite monologist; Macarfs
dogs .and. monkeys and other leading
vaudeville acts. I
"The ¦ Prisoner of £enda" is meeting
with remarkable success at the Alcazar
this week. Next week the Alcazar offers
"The Manxman."
The feature of this week's bill at the
Tivoli Opera-house is the return of Ca
mille d'Arvllle to the footlights. Miss
d'Arville has been enthusiastically re
ceived at each performance and she sings
the leading . role in her usual charming
manner.' "The ¦ Hlghwaj*man" has made
quite a hit at the Tivoli and it will be
run for another week.. . ¦
The third musical comedy, of the pres
ent series, 'fin Wall Street," at the Grand
Opera-house, bids fair to become the most
popular that has yet been presented by
the all-star cast.
Miss Amelia Bingham will begin on
Monday night the last week of her season
at the Columbia.' "The Climbers", will be
presented on Monday,. Thursday and Fri
day nights and at the special Wednesday
matinee; ""The Frisky Mrs. Johnson" on
Tuesday, Wednesday. and. Saturday nights
and at the Saturday matinee.
The Nelll-Morosco Company has mad©
a decided impression at the California
tfils week In Marion Crawford's delightful
romance, "In the Palace of the Kiny."
Next Monday J the Neill-Morosco Com
pany will present Genevieve Halne's bril
liant society drama, "Hearts Aflame." A
"bargain matinee" of "In the Talace of
the King" will be given this afternoon.
Manager Rack Is Reported
to Have Threatened
to Resign.
"In Wall Street" Pleases
Patrons of the Grand
" Opera House. :¦'...
Presentation to an Officer Is
Followed by Grand
Banquet.
Amelia Bingham Soon
. to Close Successful
Season.
Grand Officers m Future
Will Be Elected by
Delegates.
Unpleasant Differonces
Develop in North
Shore Office.
ROAD OFFICIALS
ARE AT VARIANCE
NEW PRODUCTION
AT CALIFORNIA
BRITAIN'S SONS
IN CONVENTION
THE SAN FBANCISCP CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
Cadets of the League of the Cross Regiment En
gage With Enthusiasm in the Military Exer
cises at Santa Clara and Entertain Visitors
DRILL AND MERRIMENT
ENLIVEN CAMP KENNEDY
TUCSON, Ariz.. July 22.— Jack Bolan.
known in prize fighting circles as the
"Cincinnati Kid." was taken to the terri
torial penitentiary at Yuma to-day to be
gin one year's sentence for engaging In a
prize fight In Bisbee on June 16.. Jack
Baine, the other participant, escaped
across the line into Mexico. Bolan" s con
viction is the first under the Catron law
prohibiting prize fighting In the Territory.
SCENES AT THE ENCAMPMENT
OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS.
5
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
BY
HENBY P. SMITH.
The Art Supplement with ths
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark green oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
-. :^-r? ADVERTISEMENTS.
— *-** — Writes '
\ COUIMTY AUDITOR MINOR. '
""" 9$ Pcruna Endorsed as a Cure for
fll^SSIBiSfeHu jjf Catarrh by Prominent Men.
¦ JIJHHPBhH iH^ X\ , Hon - c - J - Elinor. County Auditor for
i|U §|$P^§§?5*^^1& W 'Hennepin County, In a letter from Mln- (
ill !&ZZ^^£'££^\ If? "' am P leas °d to sa f th at . Poruna is the \
\&\&%§^^^*^JZ£~~'\ Blj best remedy I hare ever tried for catarrh.)
yjl K^^^^S^SjiSiv^^vA ijn It afforded me immediate relief, and I shall >
IM^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ J _ always be a friend of your famous remedy."
W A. U. S. Senator's Letter. \
ffi WSlE^vZzi&X&i. jl Hon - John J - Patterson, ex-United]
&J J^ u -?. ta "JR Men of Prominence Do NotJ
yzhn0t1.C.J. Hi nor (m | Hesitate to Endorse Peruna. j
* T 1 1 ¦ ¦ ~m ¦ y f'^T 1 >^*<f QflL* The day was when men of prominence <
J^AtC^^tr^^v^y^r^f^J^ir^k k hesitated to srlve their testimonials to
RLg3Vf£gCcJ*pW < j>CT a *iOT^'c-i^ proprietary medicines for publication.
Gf/rpfif i&FTtsS/^ 1^ t This remains true to-day of moat pro-
tXlf^ii «C(a^^ prletary medicines. But Peruna has be-'
** m= ** . ¦ \ . «•«» come so Justly famous, Ita merits are-
' • * ' ' '. — — t known to so many people of high and low <
A station, that no one hesitates to see his <
If you do not derive prompt and < name In print recommending: Peruna. ¦
satisfactory results from the use of , The hisrhest men In our -nation have 1
Peruna rrrtte" at once to Dr. Hart- 1 given Peruna a strong indorsement. Men'
man. giving a full statement of your , o f all classes and stations are equally rep- '
case, and he will be pleased to give , re sented. <
you hia valuable advice gratis. * They have no hesitation in lending their <
Address Dr. Hartman. President of a influence to assist in letting the people i
The Hartman- Sanitarium. Columbus, , k nO w of the virtues of Peruna. •
Ohio. ¦- < '
ADVERTISEMENTS
. Saa Francisco. Thursday. 23 July. 1903. - •
A one-day table offer—to-day, Thursday, only.
Exactly like picture above An design and in two fin-
ishes — oak, golden finish, and birch, imitation mahogany
finish- Stands 30 inches high and top measures 24 by
24 inches. . Regular price $3.00; special price, £1.85.
No telephone or. mail orders will be filled, and only
one table will be sold to each'buyer. .
Our sixty-day woven wire special ends one week
V from to-morrow. Hu ndreds of t hese mattresses have
gone out at the special price, $2.65- — and every one of; ".¦],
them has been a /4.00 value.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
AEVEETISE1IZNTS.
1 ALASKA I
I Refrigerators |
& Keep provisions longer g
X and use less Ice than 8
§ any other make. % £
S tend for cata.log"U3. ££
|w. W, MONTAGUE & CO. I
| 309-317 Market St |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Man's Comfort
These hot days depends not a little
upon his linen, and this, in turn,
upon the laundry he patronizes. If
you'll place your dependence .upon
the TJ. S.'s work "cool as a cucum-
ber" can be emblazoned on your linen
and satisfaction on your countenance.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MAB3CET STSZST,
Near PowalL
pfjBJ p^jQ Lflj ]3j Bn Ml cS Bin
P^w? \T»x^A| iCTn <f??.
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of MeUin'a Food eoata yon nothing
bat the asking. Will you not then ask for
,it for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'3 FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
"grj© tf**^*
SOKMIAN
Pure. Pole and Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery ia St. Louis.
\ SOLO EVER YWHECe.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
I ) QJ ion xiszx; sr.tit. 8**70, s.r.ai. i
" Wl T** L*'?**t Anatomical Museum la lbs \
i I -ft World. \Ve»knev«<» er iny ernuacteci m
E W 3 dis«a« f>*altl.«'l7cara4 hy the oldest T
0 IfiSl Specialist on the Ccui tit. 36 jtin. C)
ifljggfj DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
fUw ¦ Consultation free and strictly private. \
I XSw'H TrMtraent p*rvjnali)r or by letter. A g
¦ uT T< w P*tUv* Curt in erery ca»« nndcruk en. Y
9 1 II fit Writ* '" B " ok - PBiLavorar «r A
I H II V ¦ARKIA6E. MAILED FIBS. (XT
1 l± valuable book for mm) \
f DC JORDAN A tO, 1051 M.trkat St. 8. P. WCutlasses are to be allowed no longer
in the French navy. In ordering those
in the service to be sent' ashore the Min
ister of Marine explains that naval com
manders . had advised him that the: e is
no need now for these weapons, ivhica
formerly were used ' for boarding pur
soaes. ,
It has been settled that the California building
at the St. Louis Exposition shall be strictly of the
mission style of architecture. Perhaps in no bet
ter, way can * we emphasize our individuality than by
reproducing* one of the historic buildings which are
now famous the world over.
The gentle art of dodging the Assessor is now be
ing practiced with consummate skill at the City Hall.
And those that are seeking to dodge the giving of
their due to the city treasury must feel particularly
uncomfortable when they appear before Assessor
Dodge if names count for anything and superstitious
associations be still in vogue
Callfornia Souvenirs— Great variety at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. •
BY the capture of Ciudad Bolivar Castro
has suppressed the last outbreak of rebellion
in Venezuela. He is now supreme, with no
one to dispute his power. Matos, who organized the
revolution, is a fugitive, and there is nothing in sight
to disturb the Monkey of the Andes in his career as
supreme dictator. His misgovernment, which is
acute, cannot be ascribed as the cause of the late
revolution, though it gained recruits for his enemy.
Nor was there any patriotism in his defense, since it
was put forth onl;- to protect himself and not to save
his country. Taking power by revolution himself,
he sought it not to better administration of the gov
ernment, but to enrich himself. Those who lately
fought against him had the same motive, and whether
they won or lost, the country had no hope of bet
terment.
This is the cheerless feature in the history of most
of the Latin-American states. When a revolution
starts in any of them our people are alert and sym
pathetic. The revolutions among Anglo-Saxons
have nearly always been for the advancement of
principles, to make the people more secure in their
rights of person and property and to give them a
larger share in the government. In this way liberty
was advanced to the far frontier that was reached
when our Revolution of 1776 ended in the establish
ment of a self-governing republic. But the Latin-
American revolutions are simply robber raids, land
piracy on a considerable scale, and are not intended
to make government any better, but usually make it
worse. Castro's rule in Venezuela "is the most cor
rupt that country has had. He is" a villain of the
worst kind, but he is typical of the rulers of most
of those states.
A recent writer in the .North American Review
has defended him by admitting all of his scarlet
crimes, but showing that he is no worse than kings
were in Europe three centuries ago. That is no de
fense. In the sixteenth and even the seventeenth
century government was monarchical; the doctrine
of divine right of kings was everywhere held and
believed, and .the appalling cloud of the dark ages
had not yet passed away. Since then the doctrine
of divine Tight is discredited and government every-
CASTRO'S VICTORY.
Oakland is making determined and thus far suc
cessful effort to rid herself of grogshops and evil re
sorts. San Francisco can heartily and sincerely wish
her everj r success, as we have lamentably failed to
clean our streets of dens far more menacing than any
which afflict the decent people of the eastern bay
shore.
FROM Washington comes the report that the
Government has established in the center of the
cane-growing district of Georgia a plant for the
purpose of teaching the Georgians how to make cane
syrup. It would seem that in this venture the Agri
cultural Department is undertaking to teach its
grandmother to suck eggs. Georgians of the cane
district were making syrup, from cane juice not only
before the Department of Agriculture was born, but
before there was any United States Government to
beget such a department. It happens, however, that
in the development of the new-fashioned scientific
way of making sugar the Georgians lost the art of
making a really good molasses, and now the Gov
ernment has to go down to the cane lands and teach
the present generation the lost art of their fathers.
Genuine cane syrup when served with hot cakes
or waffles makes a dish fit for gods. There is a
story that a distinguished French statesman, diploma
tist and epicure was once entertained at the White
House and given a breakfast composed principally of
waffles made by Dolly Madison herself, then the pre
siding lady at Washington, and he was so delighted
with the delicacy that he then and there swore by the
blue ribbon of the great chefs that France and Amer
ica should be friends forever.
Old-fashioned cane syrup vanished before the in
vention of a process of extracting virtually all the
sugar from the cane juice, leaving none for the syrup,
and before the deadly competition of the sophisti
cated syrup made of glucose and sulphuric acid. Men
who can remember the good old syrup of bygone
times have regretted the loss of it more than any
other loss brought about by the advancement of
science and the decadence of humanity. Ill fares the
land, to hastening ills a prey, where frauds accumu
late and pure foods pass away.
The Government is doing a great service in un
dertaking to revive the pure cane syrup industry.
When that has been accomplished there will remain
one thing more for the Department of Agriculture
to do, and that is to revive the ancient industry of
making wholesome hot cakes. The men and the
women of future generations will rise up and call us
blessed if we preserve from destruction those high
bred delicacies of the great days of the republic when
Presidents wore knee breeches and when the mis
tress of the White House, renowned for beauty, wit,
elegance and taste, could with her own hands bake
waffles for gallant gentlemen from the courts of
Europe. .
HOT CAKES NEXT.
The welcome news has come that the official in
vestigation of the postal scandals is nearing its end
and punishment will be meted out to men in high
places. It is well that Uncle Sam, after washing his
dirty linen, should chastise those who besmirched it.
One of the necessary elements of housecleaning is
fumigation.
The death of Major Hooper, late pro
prietor, of the Occidental • Hotel and for
many years a leading member of the
chamber, was officially announced and
appropriate resolutions were adopted.
It was unanimously decided to cooper
ate as far as possible "with the recently
organized American Chamber of Com
merce of Berlin.
Several communications from commer
cial bodies in various parts of the world
were read and referred to the executive
committee for further action.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce, held Tuesday,
William M. Bunker, ' the organization's
official representative at Washington, D.
C, delivered a lengthy address relative to
his work at the last session of CongTess
and outlining the campaign for the ap
proaching fall and winter.
He spoke also in the highest terms of
Secretary Cortelyou of the new Depart
ment of Commerce and stated that the
official mentioned fully appreciated the
great bearing which the Pacific Coast
wilLhave on the future prosperity of the
country. '
William Bunker Delivers Important
Address" at Quarterly Meeting
V •¦' of Chamber of Commerce.
to make local politics sizzle. A
month ago It would have been impossible
to predict who would be the next Mayor
of Sacramento. That was when Mayor
George H. Clark was still undecided as
to whether he would enter the race for a
third term or would accompany his busi
ness partner, A. P. Booth, to San Fran
cisco.
But things have greatly changed since
then. Clark will soon become a resident
of San Francisco and his unique personal
ity will cease to figure in Sacramento pol
itics. If Clark had stayed here and sought
a third term as Mayor he would have
run as an independent candidate, as he
did two years ago. And he would havo
given his opponent a run for his money,
there Is no doubt of that, even in the
minds of his political enemies. For
Clark's personality is engaging and he
has long been credited with the ability
to smile away the most threatening op
position.
But now Clark Is out of the running,
and the field seems clear for the prospec
tive Republican and Democratic • candi
dates. Tho former, It is believed, will
certainly be Albert Elkus, present presi
dent of the Board of Trustees. To Wil
liam J. Hassell, the last Democratic can
didate for Railroad Commissioner and an
esteemed citizen, will, from present indi
cations, fall the honor of leading the
Democratic forces. As the town Is largely
Republican the chances favor the elec
tion of the nominee of that party, and so
Elkus is brought prominently to the
front. Clark is in the East now and El
kus is the acting Mayor. He has taken
hold of the reins with a firm grip and his
course will be watched with interest. He
has made a splendid record as Trustee,
having been to the- forefront in every not
able reform and having performed his
duties with a seemingly total disregard
for the enemies he might make among
those who like to wield hammers around
election time.
A rather unfortunate condition of af
fairs exists in the Board of Trustees,
without whose aid, under the existing
charter, the Mayor is powerless to act.
Every important move of the Mayor must
receive the indorsement of a majority of
the Trustees before it can become ef
fective. There should be, under the
charter, nine Trustees, one from, each
TELLS OF HIS LABORS
AT NATIONAL CAPITAL
SACRAMKNTO. July 22.— Hundreds
of people are upending the sum
mer at the seaside and mountain
resorts, but there are" plenty left
WITHIN* the last month two negroes have
been lynched by negroes, and one barely es
caped the same fate.
In Wyoming two white murderers were lynched by
ranchers, who in the haste of administering that sort
of justice killed a deputy Sheriff. The ranchers
pleaded the law's delay and the fear that the red
handed men would finally go free. One of the vic
tims had murdered his own brother and the guilt was
fully established, yet they fattened in jail while tech
nical attorneys used the resources of the law to get
them off.
The most interesting fact in these late developments
is the tendency of negroes to imitate white men in
Uk-r.g the law into their own hands. It is an ex
tension of the demoralizing tendency of the prac
tice, if it spread among the negroes a new element
is added to the problem, for they meet but little op
position from the whites when they desire to wreak
v?r.j;e.:nce upon their own kind.
The lynching ranchers of Wyoming can point to
many precedents for their acts. The delays of jus
tice in Cincinnati had become so notorious that not
many years ago a mob in that city cleaned out the
jail and wrecked the courthouse, not only executing
several condemned murderers but chasing their at
torneys out of town. In looking for proximate
causes of lynching delays in justice must be con
sidered. An accused man is entitled to a fair trial
and full defense. But when he has had these the
prolongation of his case by resort to legal technicali
ties tends to exhaust public patience and lead to re
sults which create disrespect for all law. When a
condemned man whose guilt is proved is the bene
ficiary of an undotted i or an uncrossed t in his in
dictment, or is given a new trial for mispunctuation
in the Judge's charge, the principle of a fair trial
is stretched to the limit. Yet such prolongation of
the defense is common, and there is a class of law
yers who seek to prove their mettle by a resort to
Bach methods.
When considering the problem of prevention oJE
lynching it is well to include in the discussion such
revision of our criminal laws and court procedure as
will define more clearly the rights of a* condemned
man 2nd so limit them as to be consistent with justice
to him and also to the public affected by his crime.
Criminal practice is one of the great specialties of
the legal professron, and the increase of crime renders
it of first importance to the community. Surely it is
possible to make full and complete defense of an
accused man consistent with the rights of society.
Those rights are abridged by the present system of
delay by technicality. It is to be noted that the
cases in which technicality is resorted to are usually
those in which the guilt seems to be most plainly
proved. Given such a condition, and all the mate
trial is supplied for exhaustion of public patience and
such a degree of exasperation as leads to the awful
It is true that the lynching habit, once started, soon
reaches a point where the law's delay cannot be
pleaded, for the law has had no chance at all. If the
crime is brutal and exasperating it is expiated on the
spot by the act of a mob. This is especially true of
Southern lynchings, in communities where justice
would be swift and delays by technicalities would
not be permitted. The orderly way of reaching the
whole solution is, however, in establishing speedy
justice in place of the habitual delay. When this is
done, and one cause of lynching is eliminated, the
other elements of the frightful problem may be taken
tip in their order. One of th?m is the visiting of
prompt punishment upon ilie lynchers, when it is
possible. But we have found out in the Modoc cases
in this State that when a whole community is in
sympathy with ths crime, and the State is denied
a change cf venue, punishment of the t guilty is im
possible. In such cases perjury is resorted to to
shield the guilty, with general public approval. Such
communities may have to be left immersed in their
semi-barbarism until immigration or education works
their reform.
LYNCHING VAGARIES.
OFFICIAL call for the meeting of the four
teenth session of the Trans-Mississippi Con
mercial Congress has been issued. The con
gress is to assemble at Seattle August 18 and to
continue for four days. The discussions will cover
the whole range of Western interests, but attention,
will be directed mainly to the commercial relations,
of the Pacific Coast with the Orient, and conse
quently California will be largely concerned in the
proceedings.
It is the desire of the executive committee to make
the congress thoroughly representative of the West,
and accordingly the call for delegates is liberal. Con
cerning representation the official circular says:
"The Governor of each State or Territory may ap
point ten delegates. The Mayor of each city one
delegate and one additional delegate for each 5000
inhabitants; provided, however, that no city shall
have more than ten delegates. Each county may ap
point one delegate through its executive officer.
Every business organization one delegate and one ad
ditional delegate for every fifty members; provided,
however, that no such organization shall have more
than ten delegates. Governors of States and Terri
tories, members of the United States Congress and
ex-presidents of this congress are ex-officio delegates,
with all privileges of delegates except those of vot
ing. Lists of delegates should be addressed to
Arthur F. Francis, secretary, Cripple Creek, Colo
rado."
During the last decade these congresses have oc
cupied an important place in current history. They
have had a marked influence in promoting Western
interests a'nd in advancing legislation designed to
benefit the great region west of the Mississippi. With
the prestige acquired by past labors and successes
the future of the' congress will doubtless be even more
notable than the past; the spirit of Western co
operation will of course be increased by the associa
tion of leading men in these assemblies, and the in
fluence of the congress will correspondingly augment.
It is to be hoped that California will be strongly
represented at the Seattle meeting. Our interests in
the trade of the Orient are larger than those of any
other State, and, moreover, we are directly con
cerned in every movement that tends to upbuild the
Great West. The Trans-Mississippi Congress has es
tablished itself as a distinguished factor in Western
development and should have the cordial support of
California as well as of other States west of the
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI CONGRESS.
. Some of the reports from the Orient indicate that
China, in her affairs With her foes, is treacherous as
well as weak. This discovery should be gratifying
to the nations that are not in the robber class, as it
proves at least that the Celestial Kingdom is not al
together helpless. Treachery ought to be a legitimate
weapon against brute force.
THURSDAY JULY 23. 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, p^P5f^____
Ers All Communications to VV. S. LEAKE. Manager.
or THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You "With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S.F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct3.
Per Month. Single Copies 3 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Fostare (Cash With Order):
DAILY CAUL ilncludlngr Sundar). one y«*ar 2no
ZMILT CALL nnc'.udln* Sunday). 6 month* +*"*
DAILY CALL—Uy Slnple Month o ')?~
ftNDAV CALL. One Tear ~~i
WEEKLY CALL, One Year •• _ ,
f Dally... *S.8O Per Tear Extra
ror.EIG.V POSTAGE { Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. LOO Per Te ? r Extra
All roKmaiten arc authorized to receive
Hnl)*crli»tloii*.
farr.ple corle* be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in crdcriae chane* of a<".dr#M should be
particular to C iv<> both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
•-u insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.iM) OFFICE.
• t IS iiroaU«a> Telephone Main 10S3
PEPKELKY OFFICE,
214S Center Street Telephone North 77
C. GEOIIGE KHOGXESS. Manager Foreign Adrer
tUlnc, Mnrqnette nulldlnjc, Chicago.
.Long Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOHTOX E. CHAXE 14OO « Street, Tt. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX U. SMITH "O Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAItUTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TVaM-rf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRANCH OFFICES— S"" Montgomery, coiner of Clay, open
until 0 30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o" clock. C33
M<-AIU«wt. open until 9:3o o'clock. C15 Larkln. open until
0 CO o'clock, mi Mission, cjien until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
ier.cla. *cr>en until i) o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
ur.nl • o'clock. 2200 Fillmoro. open until 8 p. m.
The case of those states seems hopeless. We in
terfered in Cuba to end misgovernment. As Latin-
America goes on from bad -to worse, what is to re
form it except our hand, unselfishly laid upon the
dynasties of scoundrels, who flourish there?
arch that dare directly rob his subjects or the na
tionals of other countries domiciled within his juris
diction. But in Latin-American states presidents,
so called, in pseudo republics, rob, murder and out
rage their own 1 people and pillage foreigners with
impunity and have immunity from punishment until
their dishonest gains incite the cupidity of other pow
erful thieves, who attempt to oust them by revolu
tion.
IT was feared that Mr. Bryan was to be lost to cur
rent politics as a picturesque feature. This fear
has passed. He has been the guest of the Chi
cago Democracy at a sort of park picnic, and has
poured the vials of his vitriolic wrath upon Cleveland
and all his works and friends and record, and upon
all his friends' friends and them and their record.
The occasion seems to have been made exclu
sively for Mr. Bryan, for it was on July 18, not a
saint's day in the Democratic calendar and a date
not brought into historical prominence, except by
one incident. It is believed to be the day on which
Eric Raspe died. The name Raspc suggests nothing,
until the reader is informed that he was the author
of "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen." Prob
ably none of the officers of the Chicago Democracy
were aware of this coincidence, but sometimes events
order themselves regardless of the actions of man,
and there is, after all, something appropriate in
bringing Munchausen and Bryan together.
In his speech he delighted thousands of listeners
by lathering Mr. Cleveland with aquafortis and
shaving him with a handsaw. In the hot Chicago
air he "put the spur to metaphor until it sweat like
a carthorse hauling a load of coal, and worked in
vective until that oratorical resource looked sway
backed under the burden. His political bile was of
some weeks' accumulation, and the Iowa convention
seems to have been the liver pill that started it
flowing with a freedom that threw his audience into
spasms of admiration and approval.
Even the fact that at that very moment Mr. Cleve
land was engaged in the parental formality of receiv
ing an addition to his family, and a son at that,
failed to stay Mr. Bryan's pointed tongue. He per
haps took it as another evidence of the ex-Presi
dent's subservience to Republican teachings, inas
much as it seemed to be an indorsement of Presi
dent Roosevelt's ideas on race suicide. So he smote
his former leader and bruised him hip and thigh
through the hot afternoon.
He declared that Mr. Cleveland's last administra
tion had not been disinfected by time, but is still a
stench in the nostrils of the people, and that it was
more subservient to Wall street than any Republi
can administration that had preceded it. Its odium
was declared the cause of the speaker's defeat for the
Presidency in 1896. By set forms of speech he cast
Cleveland and all who follow him into outer dark
ness. He said that he repudiated the object of his
wrath in 1896. but complete as that solemn act was
it did not thoroughly disinfect the party. His
speech abounded in "bulwarks, entrenchments,
threats, paralysis, monopolists, barons, millstones"
and other oratorical ammunition of the most destruc
tive sort. He was followed by Mayor Reed of Kan
sas City; Sullivan, the party candidate for Governor
of Iowa; Mr. Campau of Detroit and Mr. Ryan of
Wisconsin, all of whom, it may be taken for granted,
indorsed and approved his dish of vitriol.
This event seems to destroy the last hope of get
ting the Democratic party together, for it seems to
have been the deliberate intention of Mr. Bryan to
serve notice that he is, for inharmony first, last and
all the time. As far as the country is concerned it
is notice that under no circumstances can the gov
ernment be given, to a party that is at such bitter
and uncompromising war with itself. When a man
goes around exhibiting his imperfections and inflict
ing wounds upon himself he is not employed by
others in a position of trust. So it is with an organi
zation. When it bawls to the world that in its own
opinion the last time it was trusted it became a
stench and a public nuisance and menace so pro
nounced that it is not disinfected after being six' years
in quarantine and under the fumigation of Mr. Bry
an's verbal formaldehyde, no amount of reorganiza
tion is able to fit it to receive public confidence and
have put upon it another great trust.
It will furnish the comedy in the next campaign;
for which, thanks. It is not well to be too serious in
our politics, and though Mr. Bryan casts himself
for tragedy parts, he is' the clown and comedian to
relieve the situation by doing political 'comedy. By
all means let him stay in political vaudeville, so
that we may have a laugh as we go on with the se
rious business of keeping the Government in good
and safe hands.
where has advanced. Individual rights are respected
and protected, and in all Europe there is not a mon-
ARE WEDDED
BEFORE SCORE
OF RELATIVES
Miss Pauline Cousin became the bride
of WUiam H. Torpey yesterday at high
noon Tie w«ddli* was quietly celebrated
iTthB Home of the bride's mother. Mr 3 .
Laure Ctusln, 2706 California street, in
J^e preset of a score of relatives. Rev.
Father B^e came from St. Helena spe
cially to tit the nuptial knot.
The bride, handsomely gowned In pale
gray crepe d. chine and real lace, entered
oTfhe a?m ol her brother-in-law Charles
Carpy by whom she was given into the
keying of tht groom- Edward Torpey
sur^ssz; ** «- --• i™
departed for the north, where theywm
apend a honeymcon of several weeki.
Upon their return the couple will reside
at K06 California itreet. The groom Is
associated with the telephone company to
law. Charles Carpy. is president of tno
French Bank in this city.
There was a very pretty wedding last
evening at the residence of Mr., and Mrs.
Charles C. Lacey. 2S21 Octavia street,
when their daughter. Miss Gertrude
Lacey. and Alfred Joseph Turner PUffMed
their nuptial vows. Rev. John A. B. Wil
son of Trinity Methodist Church per
formed the ceremony, the young couple
standing in a dainty bower of blossoms
and foliage. Thirty guests were invited to
participate in the festivities.
The bride wore a delicate gown of p»ie
blue panne crepe, with garniture of point
lace. She wore no bridal veil, but instead
a white aigrette In her hair. Miss Pris
dlla I^acey, sister of th« bride, was maid
of honor. She was becomingly gowned in
cream French crepe and carried pink
roses. Charles Turner, brother of the
groom, was best man.
The rooms were prettily decorated with
palma, pink and white roses and smilax.
The bride's table was in pink, having been
made artistic with pink roses, tulle and
candelabra with pink shades. After the
supper had been served Mr. and Mrs.
Turner took their departure. Their wed
ding trip will comprise a few weeks in
Southern California, after which they will
return to this city and reside at 1571
Grove street.
The bride is a native daughter and has
a wide circle of friends. The groom was
formerly an Eastern man, but has resided
In this city for some years with h!s
parents. He is at present employed by
the Government In the Department of
Irrigation. Many handsome presents were
received by the young couple.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fernald arrived
at the Palace Hotel yesterday on their
wedding trip. Mrs. Fernald was until re
cently Miss Bessie Swift, being 1 the
daughter of L. F. Swift of Chicago. After
a f hort stay in this city the young couple
will reside in Sonora, Mexico, for a few
years.
A ping pong tournament, to be held at
the Hotel Rafael this evening, is the sub
ject of much interesting conversation
among the guests.
Mrs. Henry P. Sonntag was hostess at
a pleasant dinner at the Hotel Rafael rn
Tuesday. Her guests were: Mrs. M. H.
de Young, Mrs. Frank S. Johnson, Mrs.
Southard Hoffman, Mra. F. L. Lefavour,
Mrs. William M. Owin, Mrs. Adam Grant.
Mrs. W. J. Somers, Mrs. M. P. Jones.
Mrs. Emma C. Butler. Mrs. Walter E.
Dean, Mrs. Fred W. Nolker, Miss Gwm.
Mrs. Walter I*. Dean, Mrs. L. L. Baker,
Mrs. M. C Porter. Mrs. George D. Toy.
Mrs. Grant Selfridge. Mrs. Fred H. Green
and Mrs. James Follls.
Mrs. Crittenden Van Wyck will enter
tain the Jefferson Davis Chapter of the
Daughters of the Confederacy at her
home this afternoon.
May Repair Building.
The Board of Works granted yesterday
a permit to J. B. Lankershlm to repair
the Theater Republic bu'lding on Fifth
street. Commissioner Schmitz voted
against granting the permit and the
board notified Lankershlm that it would
not grant him a permit to use the build-
Ing for theatrical purposes, as it did not
believe that it could be altered to comply
with the theater ordinance.
Cashed a Forged Check.
T. Tamarti, a Japenese living at 521 Jes
sie street, reported to the police yesterday
that on July 20 another Japanese had
stolen a check on the Yokohama Bank
from his clothes In the bunkhouse. The
thief had forged Tamaru's name to tha
Indorsement on the check and had cashed
it at the bank. Me was able to give a
good description of the thief.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, Me a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bids. *
Special Information supplied dally te»
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
BRYAN IS HIMSELF AGAIN.
SACRAMENTO MAYORALTY
WORRIES POLITICIANS
President Albert Elkus of the Board of Trustees
Most Probably Will Be the Republican Candi
date and Hassett the Democratic Nominee
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
There has been a general awakening
along progressive lines in Sacramento and
the people are demanding that the of
ficial positions shall be filled by men of
force and ability, who can aid the city
in the forward movement.
These questions were gone over very
fully at a recent meeting of the West
End Improvement Club and several prop
erty owners spoke of the need of having
the ward represented. It Is true a new
member would in any event take his seat
in six months, but the residents would
prefer to have a man appointed to the
place now who would indicate, between
now and election time whether he should
be retained by their votes. ,.-,*
Among the candidates for election at
the polls for the trusteeship from the
ward are Edward Leitch and George
Radovich. The Kent family are among
the oldest and best respected residents
of the ward and should Mayor Clark ap
point one of the brothers of R. E. Kent
to the place the appointee would, it is
thought by many, stand a good chance
for retention in the office by the voters
of the ward.
•ward. This number was chosen at the
election, but for several months the Sec
ond Ward has not been represented, ow
ing to the continued illness of Trustee R.
E. Kent. His term will expire on January
1 next and It Is not thought that he will
reclaim his seat meanwhile.
This leaves a populous ward of the city
unrepresented at a time when many Im
portant measures concern it. A plan, was
recently put into effect isolating the fall
en women resident on a certain street in
the ward and this has brought to the
surface several questions in which the
people of the ward are concerned. Again,
a movement is on foot to declare open
several miles of streets in the Second
Ward, which have long been closed to the
public, and a representative of the ward
in the Board of Trustees would wield
great influence In behalf of the people in
the matter.
PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF SACRAMENTO, WHO
WILL VERY PROBABLY BE THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR
THE MAYORALTY OF THE STATE CAPITAL.
6
IN THE HOUSE OF
THE LOVING HEART
Here Is Something So Truly Out of the Ordinary That It Will
] Make You Gasp. The Pictures Alone Are Stunners.
Just Watch for Them in the
iNEXTSUNDAYCALLl
The Superfine Printing of the Best Modern Photographs Obtain-
able Is Not the Only Thing That Makes the Sunday Call
So Tremendously Popular. Just Bead
These Features:
"THE GIRL WHO LOVES"
By "Colonel" Kate.'
"WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD"
by Charles M. Taylor Jr.
"Why China Is Now Sitting Up and Jaking Notice"
By a Titled Oriental Potentate, Who Is Now Paying Nearly $3000
Every Bay Just for His Hotel Sills Alone and Making
Things Hum Generally Prom New York
"Ode to the Summer Girl" *'The Bear in the China Shop"
By Edwin Markham. By Edgar Saltus.
And the Best Novel of the Hour, Which Shows the Cause of Ec-
centric Extravagance in the Bich, the Impudence of >
Titled Foreigners and Why Americans Axe
the Greatest Money-Makers
• - « of Any Age.
FREE-THE SPENDERS-FREE
Then, if You Want a Good Laugh to Every Square Inch of Every
Page, Turn to the Great 1
COLORED COMIC SUPPLEMENT.Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and everybody. can ; have -them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing.
New. moldings, new ¦ matboards and bind
ing papers just received. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.; 741 Market street •
Pictures and , Frames.
The California Amusement Company
was Incorporated yesterday with a cap
ital stock of $200,000, of which $50 is sub
scribed. The directors are C..W. Allsky,
T. A. Keogh, Lee/M. Olds, John Coghlan
and A: F."Muhr.
Amusement Company Incorporates.
Police Judge Conlan had . to adjourn
court earlier than usual yesterday morn-
Ing. When the calendar was about half
finished it was discovered that something
had gone wrong with the lock of the gate
leading , into . the dock and the , prisoners
could not be got out. Stepladders were
procuredand two of the prisoners climbed
up one ladder Inside the dock and down
ahother outside the dock, which created
so much hilarity that the dignity of the
court was ruffled and an adjournment
was ordered till, this morning. ; Engineer
Murphy later repaired. the lock, and there
will be no trouble this morning.
Prisoners Climb From Dock.
City Engineer Grunsky completed plans
yesterday for the repair and Improvement
of accepted streets, for which work the
question of Issuing bonds is to be sub
mitted to the electors In September. It
Is estimated by the City Engineer, that
$1,621,000 will be required for the construc
tion- of. the required modem pavements.
The following statement in connection
with the plans was Issued by the City.
Engineer:
It Is proposed to replace the cobblestone
pavements on streets -of light gradients, as
well 'as 'the worn-out pavements, notably those
in the downtown or business section of the city,
with new pavements.
' The work of pavement repair and reconstruc
tion will not, however, be conrtned to any par
ticular district. Although most of it lies east
of Van Ness avenue on the north side of M5r
kct street and east of Ninth street on the south
elde of Market, some of it will extend far out
from the business center of the city on main
lines of travel.. To the extent that traffic con
ditions will : permit, the smooth-surfaced as
phalt or bituminous . rock pavement Is recom
mended , for use. "
A list of the streets to be repaved or repaired,
showing type of pavement to be used, forms a
part of the City Engineer's report. Among the
streets enumerated, aside from those of the
business section of th* city, may be named:
Valencia street from Eighteenth to Mission,
Sixteenth street from Folsom to Valencia,
Golden Gate avenue • from Market^ street to
Cough and from Laguna to Scott. Fillmore
street from Bush to ' California, Montgomery
avenue from Washington street to Filbert, Van
Ness avenue 'from Pulton street to McAllister
and from ¦ Eddy, to Geary. The repair work is
to be extended over such bituminous rock pave
ments . as i those on i Market street . and on • Fol>
gom street. In the event 'that bonds.be voted
City Engineer Submits
Estimates for Bond
Issue.
MANY STREETS
TO BE PAVED
PBINCIPAIi RESIGNS
FROM THE DEPARTMENT
REVISED FIGURES
OF ASSESSMENTS
Statement Shows Total
Roll Amounts to
$427,515,347.
There was filed yesterday with tho
Board of Supervisors by William M. Ed
gar, clerk of tho Board of Education, a
statement showing that the total assess
ment roll for the fiscal year 1303-1904
amounts to $427,515,347, t»fr*ng the reduc
tions. Increases and corrections made by
the board Into consideration. This is an
Increase of '$83,337 over the figures re
turned by Assessor Dodge. The statement
follows:
Valuation returned by Assessor — Real estate
($201. WO, 490) and Improvements <$98.643.0tt».
$300,122,550; personal property secured ($82.
802.79O and personal property unsecured
(<44.406.768), J127.20rt.56O: total. $427,432,110.
Corrections made by Board of Equalization,
personal -property. Including- shipping, Increaso
9144.432. reduction 14550: increase. 9139.&C.
Real estate, reduction $1290. Improvements, re
duction $44,200; total reduction, $45,490.
Corrections mad* by Assessor (clerical errors)
— Personal property, reduction $26,045. increase
$1200; net reduction. $25,743. Heal estate, re
duction $6260. Increase $6050; net reduction.
$210. Improvements, reduction $3200; grand
total reduction. $76.&t3: Increase. $63,237.
Pauline Hart Succeeds Harriet Fair
child as Head of Golden
Gate School.
' The Board of Education accepted yes
terday the resignation of Miss Harriet
M. Fair child as principal of .the Golden
Gate School, to become effective on the
date of her retirement by the Teachers*
Annuity Committee. The board trans
ferred Miss Pauline Hart, principal of the
Jefferson School, to the prlnclpalship of
the Golden Gate School, but did not ap
point a principal for the Jefferson School.
Leaves of absence were granted to Jes
sie F, Banks. Emily A. Wickman and
Mary L Geary.
for the proposed sewer system and the n«w
pavements. It Is planned to have the s«wer work
precede the construction of the modern pave
ments.
The Public Utilities Committee has sub
mitted to the City Attorney the draft of
a proposed ordinance calling a bond elec
tion on September 29 for' the purpose -of
voting on the acquisition and construction
of new schools, hospital and sewers,
county Jail, public library, children's play
grounds, Golden Gate Park exten
sion. , Telegraph Hill ."Park. Twin
Peaks Park, St. Mary's Square
and Mission Park. and for the
paving of streets. . The total bond , Issue
will aggregate between $18,000,000 and $30,
000,000 and the bonds are to bear interest
at the rate of S% v per cent per annum.
City Attorney ? Lane will determine the
legal phraseology of the ordinance, which
will be passed to print at next Monday's
meeting of the Board of Supervisors..
Complete plans and estimates for all
public improvements will be filed by the
City Engineer to-morrow.
Fire Destroys Costly Sawmill.
ABERDEEN, Wash.. July .23.— Wilson
Bros. & Co.'s sawmill burned this morn
ing. The loss is estimated at $100,000. In
surance, 143,000.
Clark's Deposition Is Bead.
BUTTE, Mont. July 22.— In the Shores
disbarment case to-day the deposition of
Charles W. Clark, son of United States
Senator Clark from Montana, was read.
It was taken in San Francisco in March
and states positively that the deposer
alone was the man who offered Harney
the $250,000 to confess that he bad been
bribed In the Minnie He&ly case.
Judge Murasky granted Grace Atkins
an Interlocutory decree of divorce from
Golder Atkins for neglect.
Clarence E. Godon Is the defendant In a
BUlt for divorce brought yesterday by
Georgette L.. Godon. She alleges that for
some time he has treated her cruelly
striking and cursing her. They were
married In 1895.
Buits for divorce were also filed by
Lillie Gray against John Gray for cruelty
Amy Beachy against William C. Beachy
for desertion, irma I. Aurrecoechea
against Louis O. Aurrecoechea for cruel
ty and Edgar D. Watson against Annie
E. Watson for cruelty.
Alleged Abuse of Wife Causes Fil
ing of Complaint in
Divorce.
TROUBLES OF THE GODONS
) TO BE AIHED IN COURT
The Department of Iowa, Grand Army
of the Republic, will be numerously rep
resented at the encampment. Depart
ment Commander L. B. Raymond has is
sued a general order to the department.
Mrs. John Bidwell. *25; W. S. Tevis. $100;
Alexander & Baldwin. $25; J. K. Armsby Com
pany 110- Anglo-American Crockery Company,
$10; "Hoffman Rothschild & Co.. $25: Harron.
Rickard & McComb, $25; Keystone Boiler
Works $10; Illinois Pacific Glass Companr.
$10- Bamuels 1 Lace House. ?20: San Francisco
Stevedoring Company. $10; Thomas Dyeing
Works $10; The Realty Syndicate Company.
$10; Schwartz & Beth. $20: F. W. Braunn &
Co . $10; American Tool Works. $20; Collins
& Wheeland. $10; Globe Brass and Bell Foun
dry. S10- Gruenhapen Bros.. $25; Heininjcpr &
Co., $10; Henry Llebes & Co.. $10; 1-inen
Thread Company. $25: California-street Rail
wav Company. $5OO; E. Krone. $25: Bass-
Hunter Co. $10; Buckingham & Hecht. $10;
C. E. Bickford. $10; Cafe Odeon. $20: Compress
ed Air and Machine Company. $10; Chlepa Rub
ber Plantation Company. $10; Clatnop Mill
Company. $10; Easton, Eldridge & Co., $10;
Hilltns & Co.. $20; Hooker & Lent. $10; Hen
6haw. Buckley & Co.. $10: Kohler & Chase.
$10; Lyon & Hoag. «10; Fin-man's Fund In
surance Company, «1PO; Liverpool and London
and Globe Insurance Company, $100; Pennsyl
vania Fire Insurance Company. $50; Connecti
cut Fire Insurance Company, $50: Royal and
Queen insurance companies, $100: German-
American. Phoenix and German Alliance and
New Hampshire insurance companies, $50: New
Zealand Insurance Company, $25; C. A.
Henry & Co., $25; General Electric Company,
$25; American Tool Works. $20; J. V. Coleman,
*50; The Oakr. $10; Olsen Company. $10: The
Louvre. $25: F. A. Bwayne & Co., $20; Boyes
& Benson. $20; M. A. Gunst & Co.. $100; C. C.
Moore & Co.. $25: John Butler. $10; Farley &
Gall. $10; Blake. Moffitt & Towne, $25; Union
Machine Company, $10; previously reported,
$ia.*05; grand total. $14,370.
DEPARTMENT OF IOWA.
The amount of money now available to
meet the expenses of the encampment
event approximate^ $45,000. At least $20,000
more will be required to carry out the
plans of reception and entertainment
which have been approved by the com
mittee of management. This will bring
the total to $65,000. The sum of $S5,000 was
expended in the reception and entertain
ment of the Grand Army National En
campment in San Francisco in 1SS6.
Former Lieutenant Governor J. H. Neff
and Harold T. Power of Placer were wel
come visitors yesterday at Grand Army
headquarters. Each of these distinguish
ed representatives of the mining indus
try of California made a handsome con
tribution to the entertainment fund.
The following additional contributions
have been reported at Grand Army head-
Quarters:
SUM OF MONEY REQUIRED.
The members of the executive commit
tee. Thirty-seventh National Encamp
ment, Grand Army of the Republic, are
dealing In a spirit of perfect frankness
with citizens of San Francisco. Nothing
Is withheld from the public Amounts of
money received from the State, the city
and individual contributors are published.
Sums allowed for the several functions,
parades and for the decoration and Illum
ination of the city are specified. The
allowance of $20,000 to execute W. R. Hew
itt's magnificent design of a grand arch
was made on the principle that the beau
tiful spectacle would afford universal de
light to men, women and children of 'the
city anil to all visitors. The argument
was, "The people expect a splendid fea
ture which will not be reserved for the
privileged few, but one which all may
view." It is the Judgment of electrical
experts that the arch. In point of mag
nitude and harmony of design, will sur
pass anything of its character ever pre
sented in the United States.
In order to render the scheme effective
and as a precautionary measure against
an Immense and constant crush at "news
paper corners." Market street for sev
eral blocks on either side of the grand
arch should be illuminated. An additional
sum of $5000 may be required for support-
Ing illumination.
The Department .of Rhode Island has
chartered a train of Pullman sleepers and
dining cars for the round trip and will
start from Providence, R. I., Saturday
August 8, for a Journey of twenty-nine
days, stopping on the outward trip at
Colorado Springs and vicinity for two
days and one day at Salt Lake City, ar
riving at San Francisco Monday, August
17, in the forenoon. A delegation of the
reception committee will meet the party
and escort the travelers to the St. Nicho
las Hotel, where accommodation has been
secured. The party will start from here
on the return trip Friday evening, August
21, going by way of Yosemlte Valley and
Los Angeles, remaining in the latter place
three days, and will see all that is to be
seen of that section of the State within
that time. A stop will also be mad o at
the Grand Canyon, and the party is to re
turn to Providence Sunday, September 6
James S. Hudson, a leading merchant of
Providence, Is commander of the depart
ment; Rev. J. J. Woolley, the senior vice
commander, was chaplain in the Eighth
Connecticut Infantry during, the War 'of
the Rebellion, and also chaplain of the
First Rhode Island during the Spanish-
American War; Junior Vice Department
Commander Ezra K. Parker is a promi
nent attorney: Assistant .Adjutant
General Philip S. Chase is City Auditor
of Providence; ex-Mayor Charles P. Moles
of Pawtucket, R. I., Is past department
commander.
Passenger agents of the different trans
continental and connecting roads report
that the travel expected for the approach
ing encampment will be the heaviest ever
known, and will tax every road to the ut
most of its capacity. More special trains
have been chartered for the event than
has ever been known. Even the delega
tions from the smaller departments have
arranged to have their own specials, and
in some instances it will require qu'ito a
large train to accommodate delegation*
from the most distant points.
The Department of Oklahoma has se
cured headquarters at the Hotel Lang
ham, where all comrades will be made
welcome during encampment week. The
special train bearing Department Com
mander Cyrus P. Green and his staff will
leave Purcell at 7 a. m., August 11, and
stop at Oklahoma City, Guthrie, Perry,
Ponca City and Newkirk to take on vet
erans in those localities. A train consist
ing of chair cars and tourist sleepers will
leave Woodward at 8;30 a. m., August 11,
stopping at all prominent points for com
rades to Join. These two trains will be
consolidated at Newton and run through
solid to the coast, making stops at all
points of Interest.
The work of the committee on hotels
and accommodation and of. the committee
on registration and information will be
greatly facilitated by the aid of Peck's
Tourist Bureau Companies of San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles, which will be giv
en free of charge to the committees, as
well as to the visitors. The two com
panies have volunteered their entire
equipment and service, assisting the com
mittees in conducting the bureaus of in
formation and registration and aiding the
committee on accommodation in procur
ing rooms in lodging and dwelling
houses and conducting strangers upon
arrival to their lodgings.
The Department of Missouri has accept
ed the tender of parlor 114, Grand Hotel,
for its headquarters, by the courtesy of
Ransom Post, St. Louis, Mo., and will
open headquarters on Monday, August
17, to be maintained during the entire
encampment. The special train on which
the department commander and his staff
and Ransom Post, acting aj escort, will
travel is composed of Pullman sleepers
and tourist cars, with library, buffet and
vestibuled Pullman day coaches.
OKLAHOMA HEADQUARTERS.
Katzauer served a term of eighteeen
months in San Quentln for smuggling, so
the records at police headquarters show.
He was* received at the penitentiary on
February 17, 1896. having been convicted
in the United States District Court.
in which he calls attention to the fact
that it is necessary for as many comrades
to attend the National Encampment In
San Francisco as possible. Delegates who
may be prevented from making the Jour
ney are instructed to at once notify the
assistant adjutant general In order that
an alternate may be notified to take the
place. The Illinois Central to Omaha
has been selected as the official route for
the department, going to Denver, Salt
Lake City and San Francisco via the
Southern Pacific, arriving here at 10 a. m.,
Friday. August 14. Comrades will Join
the headquarters at all points on the Illi
nois Central and those arriving at Oma
ha on other trains will join the special
leaving Omaha at 11:30 on Saturday even-
Ing, August 8. There will also be a spe
cial through Grand Army train of Pull
man tourist sleepers, which will be ac
companied by Assistant Adjutant General
George A. Newman, leaving Des Molnes
August 10 over the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific, connecting at Denver with
the Denver and Rio Grande to Salt Lake,
thence to San Francisco. Department
Commander Raymond thus appeals to the
veterans, urging them to Join In ihe Dil
grimage to California:
Comrades, this Is to be a memorable encamp-'
ment In more ways than one. It is tb; 's&t
probably that will be held on the Pacific Coast,
and the comrades in San Francisco are making
arrangements that are perfectly dazzling in
their magnificence. Headquarters will be
opened at the Palace Hotel, August 17, where
all comrades and visitors will receive a cordial
welcome.
Detective Ryan was called into the case
and he and Lewln visited Katzauer's
store with a search warrant and found
a lot of cigars of both the stolen brands.
When Katzauer was questioned he said
he could not remember the man from
whom he purchased the cigars and ex
pressed ignorance of any knowledge that
they had been stolen. His explanation
was unsatisfactory and he was placed un
der arrest.
On April 8 a case was stolen from a
car containing 1000 cigars of the brand
"S. P. Hotel Favorites" and 1000 "L*ne
& Connelly Victors." These were manu
factured exclusively by Lane & Connelly
for the S. P. Hotel at Yuma, Arls. On
Monday a visitor from Yuma dropped Into
Katzauer's store and bought a cigar. He
was surprised to see it branded "S. P.
Hotel Favorites," and expressed his sur
prise to an official .of the railroad com
pany.
Ever since February cases containing
many thousands of cigars have been oc
casionally stolen from cars on trains go
ing out of the city. All . the Southern
Pacific detectives on this division have
been engaged for months in an endeavor
to trace the thieves, but they failed.
Employes of the company were the sus
pects, but the thefts were so cleverly
done that no trace of the culprits could
be found. v'»:
Max Katzauer, proprietor of a cigar
store at Third and Townsend streets, was
arrested yesterday morning by Detective
sergeant Ryan and Detective Lewln of
the Southern Pacific Company, and book
ed a* the City Prison on a warrant from
Police Judge Conlan's court charging him
with receiving stolen property. Ho was
released later on $200 cash bail.
Attorney Johnson has another story to
tell, however, of the connection between
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. and the Howard
warehouses. He says that he expects to
be able to prove that the warehouse man
agement is in the habit of disposing of
the grain recovered from the sweepings
to Balfour, Guthrie & Co. at prices much
below the market quotations and that it
presumably shares In the profits of these
transactions by which the customers are
deprived of proper returns on the recov
ered grain, which rightfully belongs to
them.
Balfour, Guthrle & Co. are named as
co-defendants in the case and Attorney
Johnson states that they were included
because it was believed that they were
the actual owners of the warehouses in
question. This is denied at the offices of
the latter firm, who say that they own
considerable stock In the warehouse com
pany, but have absolutely nothing to do
with its management.
When cleaning up time comes we dispose of
the sweepings and divide the amount received
pro rata among the customers who have had
grain in our warehouses . during the period In
which the sweeping accumulated. We em
ployed the usual procedure In regard to the
barley deposited by Horst and tendered him a
check for his share of the recovered grain
which he refused to accept. That is all there
Is to the case and the bringing of this suit Is
not worrying us In the least. *
John L. Howard, president of the How
ard Company admits that two pounds of
grain was abstracted from every five
sacks to cover leakage and said that the
custom was universal among grain ware
houses. He added:
HOWARD TVrATnre DENIAL.
As a matter of fact. Instead of a warehouse
abstracting grain from the sacks of its de
positors "as a matter of protection," It should
allow them to share in the increase, which I
am informed accrues to all grain In warehouses.
As far as. I can see there can be no actual loss
in grain when it is once In a warehouse. Ther*
tnav b« a certain percentage of leakage In the
sacks, but all this is regained In the sweep
ings, which are appropriated by the ware
houses. Hence any loss In the weight of the
sacks Is regained in the sweepings, which In
large storage runs up into tons and tons of
grain.
Whether or not It Is a custom for warehouses
to make deduction from grain actually deliv
ered to them "aa a matter of protection," to
quote Mr. Howard, I do not know, but if It is,
then the custom Is Indefensible. My client's
attention was first attracted to the shortage
in weights reported by the persons to whom
he sold the grain. Then he began his Investi
gation and satisfied himself that barley had
been abstracted from the sacks stored by him
in the Howard warehouses. 8lx months after
he had ceaced to do business with the Howard
Company and after repeated solicitations on his
part for an equitable settlement of the short
age, he was tendered a check for $12U0, which
he refusrti. Then the suit was commenced.
After obtaining this Information my client
approached John L. Howard, president of the
defendant corporation, and demanded restitu
tion for the grain of which he was unjustly de
prived. Howard then admitted to him that
two pounds was deducted from every five sacks
of barley in the returns on the weighing In of
the grain and gave as a reason for that ex
traordinary noceedlng that such was the cus
tom among warehouses "as a matter of protec
tion."
. CONFIDENT OF OUTCOME.
1 We have brought this suit after a thorough
investigation by my client, lasting over a pe
riod of six months, during which he has satis
fied hlmeelf that he was defrauded out of large
quantities of craln deposited by him In the
warehouses of the Howard Company at Oak
land. How and where he obtained his Infor
mation we do not deem It advisable to disclose
at this time, but It Is of such a positive char
acter as to lead us to believe that we shall be
able to prove our contention without the
shadow of a doubt when the case shall come to
trial.
Hiram Johnson, attorney for Horst, de
clares that the investigation instituted by
his client and extending over a period of
six months has shown that the Howard
Company in its warehouses in Oakland
removed from the sacks of barley placed
In storage there by Horst an average of
3.43 pounds from each sack and appropri
ated this grain to lta own, use. Attorney
Johnson said yesterday: }
The amount we sue for represents $4500 worth
of barley removed from the sacks belonging
to my client, together with $900 for weighing
charges, which we repudiate because the re
turns on the weighing were admittedly false,
and $600 expended In ascertaining- these facts
and bringing suit against the Howard Com
pany. From the information In our possession
we are satisfied we can prove In a court of
law our right to the foregoing sums.
Following so closely upon the heels of
the Epplnger scandal, the suit brought
by H. Clemmens Horst, the dealer In hops
and barley, against the Howard Company
for alleged shortage In .weight In 88,000
sacks of barley delivered to the ware
houses of the defendant , company, by
which plaintiff claims to have been dam
aged to the amount of $G000, has created
consternation among those who make a
business of Belling, buying and shipping
grain. If the contentions of the plaintiff
in the present suit can be sustained
grain men will be likely to lose altogether
that childlike faith they have held in
warehouses and their system, the fallibil
ity of which was severely tested by the
scandalous disclosure in the Eppinger
failure.
John L. Howard Says Com
pany Only Followed
Usual Custom.
Approved Plans for Reception
of Visitors Will Be
Carried Out.
Max Katzauer Is Arrested for
Receiving Stolen
Property.
Many Thousands of Ci
gars Missing for Last
Six Months.
Await Anxiously Result
of the Suit Begun
by Horst.
Success of the National
Encampment Is
Assured.
WAR VETERANS
DISPLAY ZEAL
THIEVES LOOT
FREIGHT CARS
GRAIN DEALERS
ARE PERTURBED
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EKR¥nCE1853
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has
been continuously before the pub-
lic. It has therefore enjoyed the
confidence of the people for half a
century, a record unequaled by
any other stomach remedy. Then
surely it is worthy of a fair trial
by every one suffering from Loss
of Appetite, Nausea, Heartburn,
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Constipa-
tion or Liver and Kidney Trou-
bles. It positively cures. One
bottle will convince you of its
merit.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES' DATS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Pal*. R Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
STEIHWAY HALLJ 23 SUTTER ST.
SUNDAY EVENING, JULY 26,
8:15 O'CLOCK.
jti^TYNDALL
ftll^i?i^»yii " THB thoug h t
HRAIIMAN'^ SEVENTH AND
ure./*um/\m © market 6ts.
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVILLLE.
LESTER and CURTIN; HATH A WAT and
WALTON; HANK WHITOOMH: LITTLE
BLOSSOM: BAM AND IDA KELLY; THE
BURROUGHS: THE GREAT ZANO: CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Price* — Night. 25c, 20c. 15c and 10c; Matt-
n«». 20c and 10c Phon* for Seats. South
1022.
\ v T * \'~ ' >o . . " |
- + " - „'».>.»¦>,»<.-.*• "¦• v „ f , - .-. - , - ..; . ». - , - , ,> - v J
- " ' >'¦ .
¦'¦ :-.¦¦¦ ¦;.¦¦¦: ¦; ¦ ¦:¦ ..¦.-:¦¦¦¦-.:¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ .-¦¦:¦¦¦- .. .¦. •' .>...:¦. •.¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ .-. ;¦¦,:¦ ¦¦-... :¦ : .- ¦.¦ ' ¦ ¦ : ¦ . ¦: •:¦ ¦-¦ ...... .-, .¦¦-¦-¦; ;.. ..-.. ;. .¦ ,¦. . . . .;.-¦¦¦ ... :.- ...;.. ...; ..;¦¦;.¦:.¦ •; .••• -..,;. .¦ : ¦.-. ; .. ¦'-.-:¦ .¦ .-^ ¦ -..-¦- .-.--:¦ . ¦..-..- -.-...¦ . .; . -.-• *...-¦¦.- - _¦ ¦ -. i
-¦',•., ,,,%., j
yjanfe&x a- ' Herat - - *
..< :¦ ¦¦¦ :¦/•¦ ", '- "V ' '. v .' / '. . ¦ -. / . -.-. . .<:¦.' ¦ ' '. v . ,..-".'...' . ¦¦ .,, ;¦; . . ..... "... ' >. .. ¦ .¦ . *; yHBpBHjBPM^^^^^^M^»^^^B^B^%?>, '^^^^HE^^B^^BGr^ffr^^JjK ' • jfjS*^SMfi&fr
; "¦.¦"¦.¦._¦.¦._¦.¦,,¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ .-,..¦.'. . , ... .<¦>,„. .... ......;,-¦ ........ ..... .'.-...-.-.¦¦. .v. '.V.'. v.\v ¦ .-.- *^^^"^?*fii's3raff'jtf^tfyES^P^^BJiC?MrHF^lT» "QAt'jSrJ^fcSim. *j* i^*T?*frw''^?T"«f^^ * jg y*yffwL_MH'^jiJw^BE3t JS^MMmLJBmiS
"HOME, SWEET HOME."
The Old Homestead.
BY HENRY P. SMITH.
Free Oil Painting
With Next Sunday's Call.
There is nothing in the wide, wide world quite so appealing as home.
Be it ever so humble there is no spot like the habitation of the individual
man. Rich or poor, high or low, good or bad, prince or pauper, the in-
clination is for home, and any picture that represents home ties or home
features touches the warmest spot in the hearts of all men and women.
Apropos of this, The San Francisco Call presents as its art supple-
¦ ment next Sunday an oil painting which is a perfect reproduction in color
of the celebrated picture by Henry P. Smith entitled "The 'Old Home-
stead." It represents a New England farmhouse and possesses artistic
qualities of the highest order. Its composition is well balanced, its color
harmonious and there is a satisfying fidelity in the completeness with
which the details are elaborated. There is an element of outdoors in the
whole beautiful scheme. The farmhouse, with its antique, cozy character,
\ its great elm tree in front, its rich greens surrounding and its sir oi
s shade, comfort and coziness are peculiarly attractive.
Smith, the artist, is one of the most successful of New York pic-
ture-makers and he is one of the most cultivated men in the art world.
Hitherto he has devoted himself largely to Venetian scenes— pictures of
architectural wonders of the Old World. The present effort is an innora*
tion; it passes from the grandeur of Granada and Seville to the homely
comforts of a New England homestead. The change shows great versatil-
ity in the artist and has in it an atmosphere that is peculiarly graceful
and charming.
California readers will be especially interested in this attractive pic-
ture of Eastern homeliness and natural luxury, conveying as it does a de-
licious sense of coolness that seems to exude from the canvas,
FREE, of Course, With Next Sunday's Call.
The Call is Sold by All Newsdealers on the Coast
They Are Framing Call Art Supplements
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing
/"^"oii A *H" QiirM^I/^Tn/an'f'C •
V-'clu /AIL OUppiCHlC-llLo .
Sacramento— Hevener, Mier & Co., Oakland— E. J. *Saake, 13 Tele*
615 J street; C. N. Davis, book graph avenue; J. A, Barlow, 86a
store, 817 K street. Twelfth street.
Fetaluma— H. S. Outermute, J. M. Alameda — C. P. Iffagagnos, 1338
Wyckoff. Park street.
~~ San Jose— George Denne, M. Len- San Diego— W. F. Puller & Co,
zen & Son. 71 P street.
Stockton— Morris Bros.' Bookstore, Bedding*— W. H. Bergh, "BergH
20 North Eldorado street; Stockton Furniture Company."
Backet Store, 711 East Main street; r Fresno— Sronce & Dick.
Gage's art store, 509 East Main Bed wood City — W. I* Kline,
street; Weber's art store, 425 East Santa Cruz— H. E. Irish, Cooks}
Main street. Bros., F. B. Hew, George Hoban,
/ Marysville— G. W. Hall. Chico— Fetters & Williams,
AMTJSr.'M ENTS.
¦ " " •¦'"!• It™ Proprietors.
Market 6U. Near Eighth Phoa« South S33
W-KlGHT-ONilrEEK ONLT.
The Brilliant Your.* Actor.
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL.
Supported by the Superb Central Stock Com-
pany, In a
&a*a!ncect Spectacular Profiuctloa ct
FAUST.
j-+ _ __ The Wonderful "Drocken Seen*.**
«r"r" The New and Startiliur Electrical
and Mechanical Effect*.
' XO ADVANCE IN
PRTPFQ Evenlajf 10c to WVs
IJMWCJ Matinees 10c, 15c 25o
Monday. July 27— MR. HERSCHEL. MAT-
ALL in "A LJONS HEART."
I I V ULI HOUSE-.
TO-NICHT
And Every Evening Ttils Week— Saturday
Matinre,
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLB
*Tfco Will Apjx-ar Jn Smith and D« Korea's
Brlpnt and Tuneful Comic Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
EDWIN STEVENS AS FXDXT QUILLER.
Acolf Myers. Bertha Darlt, Marie Weigh.
Ferrig Hartrr.an. Arthur Cunningham, Edward
Webb and the Biff Tlvoll Chorua and Orches-
tra. Wi:i Combine to Uake the Production the
Event of the O:*ratlc Season.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 5Oo. 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
NEW ATTRACTIONS!
Claude Gillingvrater and Company;
Ethel Levey; Orpheus Comedy
Tour; Three Polos and the Bio-
gTaph. Last times of Georg-e W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison, and Hodges and Launch-
mere.
Reserved S^eatR, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Box Seats
and Opera Chair?. 60c
fAblFORNT]\
If BAEQAKf XATI5EE TO-DAY J"4
25e tn4 60e. Jf 1
__ T»-n!g*t and All This W«v
75 TREMENDOUS SUCCESS IT IT
•* v of the Incomparable .(O
50 co. sn
Presenting Crawford'i D«. * J *-'
2J) lightful Romance. «> k
IK THE PALACE QT THE KI50- "***
P°r"LAR PRICEa
RH MATINEE SATURDAY. ROB
III HEARTS AFLAME HI/
IHEATRp
WMliU Itl ££ I §k IEADISQ TKFATEi
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company. Preswitln*
Clyde Fitch's Latent Comedy Triumph.
"The Frisky Jrs. Johnson"
Beginning N^xt Monday— Last Performances
of th* AMELIA BINGHAM SEASON
Monday. Thursday and Friday Nights and
Wednesday Matinee.
"THE CLIMBERS."
Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday Nights and j
Saturday Matinee.
"THE FRISKY MRS- JOttNSON"
SEATS NOW READY.
OXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
—THE BIGGEST POSSIELE HIT—
T O - IN I G H T
EVERY NIGHT.
EAYM0ND AND CAVERLY
An1 Our ?up<?rb New York Company In
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET]
The Same Production as Ueed fcy the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria Theat*r.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC
PRICES — 25c. 75c.
AT PA7AD Be!a*co & Mayer.
Gen. Mgr.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
Oxer*, hrlrr.ing Succes* of MR.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evfs.,2S to 75c; MaU.Thurs. & Sat.,l."ic to 60c.
SECURE SEATS \0W FOR
NEXT WEEK'S GREAT OFFERING,
THE MANXMAN
By Hal! raine, author at Th<> Christian
FIrfPT TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO *
TVHITE TVHITTLESEY in th* role hereto-
fore plpyed enly by Wilson Barrett and James
ONclll.
lt't lots of fun. It's ¦worth your "mon,"
Our rreat new bill will have a run.
Come any night and see the fight.
The Jcke* are fresh, the songs Just right.
We Are Always Right
('UNDER THE RED GLOBE,"
Combined With
•THETHREE MUSKEETERS"
Ar.iJ the Remarkable "All-star 1 * Cart In-
" eluding Kolb and Dill and Bernard. Maud*
Air.bftr. Wlnfleld Blake, Uennsea and Whelan
etc.. <-tc. etc.
RESERVED PEATS — Nights — 25c. MV and
T5c. Hiturday and Sunday tnatlnecg. 25c and
COc. Chlldrr-n at matinees. 10c and 25c.
H l£fi-Cfass Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
TO-NIGHT.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP -DOWN THE FLUME."
TThe Wonderful EcenJo Waterway.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION lOe | CHILDREN :..5c
BABY TIGERS In the ZOO.
PnfarA D °N'T FAIL TO
* aiaww iec the beautiful
j COURT LounjrinK-
fllm room, the EMPIRE
«" U PARLOR. the
r i PALM ROOM, the
linifm louis xv par-
u . , DIES' WRITING
Hotels room^JACKSON. Ky.. July 22.— The Grand 'Jury
has indicted Gardner Plummcr for attempted
bribery and Edward Tharpe and Joseph Craw
ford for burning Hwtn'i hotel.
SEATTLE, AVash., July 22.— A Skag'way
dispatch says: The United States -: Fish
Commission steamer Albatross,- having on
board Dr. David Starr Jordan .. and ' his
scientific 'associates, Is in , port. Members
of the scientific corps report that the deep
sea work has, been .very Interesting, and,
from a scientific standpoint, valuable.
President Jordan at Skagway.
••• 2:24 /trot," Merchants" and ''Manufacturers'
Stakes (unfinished) — Wnlnsecitt woti'wcond and
third heats. Tlmo. 2:10V'«. 2:lT»i. John Taylor
won first and fourth hrnts In ":12 l ,i, 2:15.
2:27. pace.. $l0«0 purse — Hal Chaffln won sec
ond'and • third 'heats and race. Time. 2:10*1
2:12. Five Points won first heatln 2:10.
. 2;1O trot. $1600 num (unfinished)— Dan T
won first heat In '2:00%. Dr. Strong won sec
ond heat In 2:10tJ. . . . •
DEl'ROIT, Mich., July 22.— The Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' $10,000 stake
for 2:24 class trotters, the feature of the
blue ribbon meeting of the, Detroit Driv
ing Club,. was unfinished to-^ay, with two
heats each to the credit of Wainscott, the
decided favorite, and John Taylor. John
Taylor's victory over Wainscott in the
.fourth heat, after an accident in the third
heat: in. which Exeter collided with two
other horses, then kicked loose from the
sulky '. and : ..rah for - three-quarters of a
mile, • was the surprise of the afternoon
and one of the most sensational heats in
the history of the stake. Summary:
' Chamber ; - of ¦ Commerce Stakes, ' 2:24 pace
$5000- (unfinished from . yestenlay) — Elastic
Pointer won first, . fourth and seventh heats and
race. Time. 2:10. 2:11%. 2:11*;. Pan Michael
won'the third heat in 2:14U. Tom Keene won
the second heat In 2:ili»i anrl was distanced
• •.2:21 pace, $1000— Nick Wilson won both heats
and race. .Time, 2:10};, 2:WHi.
'2:14 trot,' $12C0 — Judee Cuilen won both'
heats. -Time. 2:15V4, 2:14%;.
• 2:05 i>ac#.; $1600 purse—Elder One won both
heati". .Time. 2:08, 2:10. '
John Taylor Defeats Wainscott in
Sensational Heat of Unfin
.',';•' ished Bace.
ELASTIC POINTER WINS
RICH STAKE AT. DETROIT
fight. ' \
"From what I have read and heard of
the Jeffries-FitzBlmmons fight," said
Ryan yesterday, "I am' led to believe Jef
fries has gone back 100 per cent. Fitz
simmons hit him at will, which he could
not do in their previous fight.
"He does not seem to be training for
speed at the present time,- although he
requires that quality more than any
other. In his New York fight with Cor
bett he was trying his best all the time
and was outpointed up to the time he
landed the knockout blow. With Corbett
vastly Improved and Jeffries apparently
not as good as he was at that time I can
see but one outcome to the tight."
Ryan has been a sufferer from stomach
trouble for some years and will try the
curative qualities of some of the" mineral
springs for which this State is celebrated.
Corbett weighed 185 pounds in ring cos
tume yesterday after he . had . gone
through his morning's work in the gym
nasium. He counts on ., Jeffries, trying a
slugging style in their fight. .'He will 'not
carry the fight to the champion, but will
devote all his energies to outpointing him.
To this end he is training to keep on the
move every instant of the time he is in
the ring with Jeffries. This, will- afford
the latter a difficult mark at which to hit.
\, It is generally understood ¦ that Ryan,
who has no superior in ring generalship,
will be Corbett's \ chief advisor when he
meets Jeffries in the ring on. August 14.
He is the man who is credited with hav
ing made the greatest improvement in
Jeffries when he was training in the East
for some of his most important battles.
The two champions then had a disagree
ment, but Ryan says this does not give
him a biased point of view of the coming
Tommy Ryan, the middleweight cham
pion boxer, was the star visitor yesterday
at James J. Corbett's training quarters at
Alameda. Ryan was amazed at the im
provement in Corbett's physical condition
and came away wlth^the firm conviction
that he will defeat Jeffries.
Sixty-four greyhounds will go into the
hands of Slipper James Grace on Sunday
at Union Coursing Park. The entries In
clude Champion Palo Alto, Rubber Ankles
and several new ¦ performers from the
Curtis and other kennels." The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Our Motto vs. Fair Oaks; Barge vs. Melrose;
Lord Brazen vs. Pomona: Cluster vs. Clobe
Fell; Kockiin Boy vs. Oregon; Gambit vs. Dear
Gastr.n; Rural Artist vs. Real Article; Krishna
vs. Palo Alto;. Eager. vs. Reta S; Haphazard
vs. Don Pedro; Thelma vs. Full Moon; Trotting
Bob vs.* Gloaming; Flaunt vs. Ragged Actor;
Firm Fellow, vs. Irish Lad; Fair Tralee vs.
October. Lad;. Niobe vs. Rector; Concord Boy
vs. Fontenoy; Red Rock vs. Honest John; Vina
vs. Liberator: Cremo vs. Otto; Jack Short v*.
Tralee Boy; False Alarm vs. Runaway Girl;
Mickey Free' vs.' Golden Light; Manhattan
King vs. Harvey M; Ruby S&nkey vs. Reckless
Acrobat; Frisky • Barbara vs. Flying Pasha;
Braw's Hill vs. Eastlake; Pacing Billy vs.
Cascade; Tlllje R vg. - White Mystery; Balen
dlneve. Clarice; Reno vs. El Rayo; Rubber
Ankles vs. Fonll. •
RYAN TO SECOND
JAMES J. CORBETT
HOUNDS OF CLASS
IN OPEN STAKE
BUTTE FORFEITS A GAME.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.) ..¦=•"; -V, I /;
W. L. 1 ct. W. L. Pet.
Butte.:..... B2 31 ,«2~, San Fran... 44 42 .512
Los Angeles D'J :« X\\ Taooma M 40 .405
Spokane 49 .'54 .55*0 Helena 30 B0 .375
Seattle 45 38 .5421 Salt Lake.. 6 10 .300
SPOKANE, July 22.— There was no Pacific
National League ball game this afternoon be
tween Butte and 'Spokane. Three Hutte play
ers. Shaffer, Larocque and Swindells, .were
fined In Tacoma Sunday. .Manager Wllraot re
fused to pay the fines. ,- Under the rules a
man fined cannot play> until he payii. Butte
has only eight men led and CAtinot.play.
" TACOMA. Mi\y 22.— "Spokane Is entitled to
credit for to-day's game by the usual forfeit
score of 9-to 0," satd'PrPsrdenfW. II. Lucas
of the Pacific National League, stfeakln* of
the Spokane-Butte trouble to-day. "Such ac
tions are childish. The Butte players are no
better than the players of any other team and
I see no reason why - their - fines should be
remitted any more than other players. "The
evidence is conclusive that their conduct war
ranted the' Imposed "fines.". ,
SALT LAKE, July 22.— San Francisco took
a close «nd interesting game from., the Saints
to-day. In the last Inning Quick, who was
at the bat, took exception to a- decision of
Umplr* ¦ Coglan and - rushed up . to him, ap
parently with the intention of assaulting: him.
Ke was fined $5 and ordered off the field.
Attendance, . COO. - The. score:- •• >¦ . ..
- R.' H. E.
San Francisco... 1 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 x— 4 6 4
Bait Lake 0 2 0 0 10 0 0.0—3 . 5. 2
: Batteries— Pfelster and Zearfoss: Rush' and
Shea. • *
•• HELENA, July'" 22. — Helena won 'from Los
Angeles to-day by bunching hits. Score:
. ¦•.-¦... • R. : 11. B.
Helena 1 O 1 0 0 1 3 Ox-*,. U *
Los Angeles 10 0 0 0 0 10 3— 5 11 5
Batteries — Wiggs and Carrlsch; Johnson and
Hlldebrand. 1 ' ' ¦ ' • .:
SEATTLE, July 22. — The locals' won by
hard and consecutive hitting,- earning all the
runs made. Score: ( r - :- • • ¦
Seattle 2 011000 2 x— « 10 6
Tacoma ..1 0 0 10 0 0 2 1—5 7 1
- Batteries— Hickey and Stanley; Loucks and
Byera. Umplre-r-MahafTey. ¦ ¦ .. ¦. . ¦
EMPLOTES WILIi RECEIVE
ONE-FIFTH OF EARNINGS
Cuyahoga Telephone Company An
nounces Trial of a Flan of
. - Profit Sharing.
CLEVELAND. July 22.-President Dick
son of the Cuyahoga Telephone Company,
in a circular letter to-day to all employes
announces that as the result of an experi
ment onerflfth of the surplus earnings of
the company will be set aside and distrib
uted among its employes in proportion to
their salaries, dating from July 1. The plan
is adopted In the belief that.it will re
sult in more efficient service, greater
economy and larger earnings and if suc
cessful will be permanent after a trial of
six months. Several hundred employes
are affected.
LEXINGTON. Ky., July 22.— The hand
some barn on Hamburg place, v John E.
Madden's noted stock farm, was struck
by lightning early to-day and burned to
the ground before the, city Fire Depart
ment could respond. Imp. Mirthful, val
ued at $100,000, and sire of Aceful, Skillful,
Mexican, Glassful, Bardolph, Dimple.
Jocund and other noted one3, was burned
to death in his stable. Every effort to
save his life failed. Madden, who is at
Saratoga, will hurry home.
The bolt of lightning paralyzed Mirth
ful so that he could not move. The
flames soon drove the stable help away
before they could save him. The Fire De
partment made a hard tight, but of no
avail. The horses Frankfort and Gardner
were rescued, but several others were
burned. The total loss is estimated at
$200,000.
MIRTHFUL PERISHES ",,
IN A BURNING BARN
TWO SUCCESSFUL SPORTSMEN AND SOME OF THE SPLENDID TROPHIES OF THE CHASE THEY SECURED
IN LAKE COUNTY, WITHIN FIVE MILES OF BARTLETT SPRINGS, ON THE OPENING DAY OF THE
DEER SEASON. . ; 5<- ' V~ :;:. ; ,
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Flrnt Hnce Kitty Cat » Dash,
Dottie Slmtr, Lillle Loner.
Second Race— Lord Hermence, In-
Rolthrlft, Tokalon.
Third Rnec — Montana .Peeress,
Sweet Dream. Tlocn.
Fourth Race— Majr Xolin, Check
Morgan, Mnfalda.
Fifth Race Edfrardo, Ivenovn,
Lady strathmore.
Sixth Race — Baronet, Mnrmnr,
Landola.
ST. LOUIS. July 22. — Delmar entries for to
morrow are: _ , -,
First race, six furlongs, silling— Caelana 95.
LIHIe Long ICO. Neweta 100. Instar 105^ Aymtr
Bruce 95 Kittle Cut a Dash. 105. Harpllthe
100 Lou Beach 1C0. Leila May 05. Dottie Shute
105/ Sister Lillian 03 Evenins News 105.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse
—Lord Hermence 103. Max Rose 100. Hugh
McGowan 100 Matt Wadlflgh 105. Mi«enmaat
103 InsoHhrift 103. Ben Adklns 10O. Bugler
103" Major Carpenter 103. Tokalon 10O. Lustlg
1CS! Melktrk 1CS. , L- - : ¦-'¦
Third race seven furlongs, selling— Lynch
1C0. Montana Peeress »8, Sweet Dream 105.
Jack McGinn 110. Tioga. 100. Cursus 88. Or
leans 105. Hobart 110.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. Bell
stake— Mafalda 113. Mag Nolln 115. Bride 103
Wreath of Ivy 113 Check Morgan 115. Mildred
L 103. (Bride and Mildred L. A. H. Pendle
ton & Co.'s entries.)
Fifth race mile and seventy yards, handicap
— Kenova 91. Edgardo 99. Lady Strathmore
107. Malster 106. . '.<::"
Sixth race one and an eighth miles, selling
—King's Pet 102. Hegtra 80. Murmur 9t.
Landola 103. Klnloch Park 110, Lasso 105,
Baronet 104 Pathos 00.
Weather clear; track fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
KEW YORK. July 22. — Brighton's entries for
to-morrow are:
First race, five and a half furlongs; 2-year
olds; selling — Agnes Brennan 100. Contentious
1«», Hopeful Miss 105. Thistle Heather 101,
Monitor 102. Mlmon 101. Ned Moore 102. St.
Roma »4, Borcbino 90, The Bowery 102. Silent
¦Water 99, Flortzel llo. Sunny Side 94, Redman
M. Royalton &4, Escobar 109, Harbor 102.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles: 3
r<*ar-olds and up— Potente 112, Arden 115, Lord
Advocate 107. Ernest Parham 115, Water Tow
er US, Stamping Ground 102. April Shower
102. Yellow Tall 115. Athelroy 107, Daly 112.
Third race, eix furlongs; 2- year-olds — Flower
14. Tomcod 97. Floriwl 10», Fair Order 97, Ned
Moore 87, Hazelwood 112. v~
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards; Bright-
Mi Oaks — Eugenia Burch 106, Birch Broom lOti,
Sravina 10C.
Fifth race, one and one-eighth miles; handi
»p — Maeterman 126, Lux Casta 123, Articulate
US. Himself 113, Lord "Badge 111, Mackey
Owyer 1O». Flara 05. Cryptogram 90. St. Sever
12.
Sixth race, one and one-sixteenth miles: sell
ing — Star and Garter 08. Joe Lesser 101, Water
Tower 106. Kbits! 107. Mosketo 88. Dark Planei
L04. Barbara Frwtchle 100. True Blue 103,
Arden 106. Belle of Troy 103, Courtmald 90
JClngraire 111. Flara 103. Carroll D lei, Cap
avator. Nevermore 102, Cogswell 98.
Weather clear? track fati..- • ' ' '
BRIGHTON BEACH SELECTIONS.
<By the New York Telegraph.)
Flrat Race Agnt» Brennan, Esco
bar, Mlmon. *
Second Race— Vellorr Tall, Stamp.
Insr Ground, Athelroj.
Third Race — Hncrlrrood, Xed
Moore, Tomcod.
Fourth Race — Engenla Burch,
Birch Broom, Grarina.
fifth Race MiMrrmaD, Mackey
Dw>er, Articulate.
Sixth Race Joe Leaser, Belle of
TroTt Court Maid. , ;
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
Time, 1:4S 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, Miss M. Oliver's ch. f. by Crighton-
Nettie Bell. Courter.ay 114, Sam Craig 114,
Sentry 114, Dutch Dan 114, Sir Ellerslie 111,
also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
BRIGHTON BEACH. July 22.— The Mon
tauk stakes, for two-year-olds, worth
5C335 to the winner, went to Longshot.
from the stable of Julius Fleischmann.
The colt was unbacked, however, it is
said on excellent authority, because it
was believed that the distance was too far
for him. Longshot, which is a good-look
ing son of Indio, was lucky to win, be
cause The Southerner, after having been
bumped at the start by \ Juvenal Maxim,
thereby losing ten lengths, was beaten by
only a short head.
Odom 6a- ve admirers just cause for
another demonstration in his favor after
his hard-earned success on Andy Wll
l;ams, which repeated his victory of the
dav before. To be sure, he had two in
experienced riders in little O'Brien and
Connell flanking him on the left and
light, respectively, yet it required Odom's
Lest efforts to land his mount first by a
ehort head, with Daisy Green second, the
eame distance in front of Lady Potentate,
which was forced to make a rather wide
turn into the stretch.
Tribes Hill, one of the beaten horses,
was claimed by William Midgely for *17M.
In the last race of the day Gaviota, the
clever California lilly, earned brackets for
h«-r owner, a daughter of "Billy" Oliver.
She «aj always 10 to 1 or better in the
betting. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
pur^e:
Betting Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. =4 Fin.
<; to 5 — Counterpoise, 103 (Bullmn) 1112
2i, to 1— niyria. Ill (Redfern) 6 6 2 h
I«to5 — Futurita, li*.t (Gannon)... 8 3 3 »i
Time— 1 :14 U-5. -Start poor. Wor. easily.
•Winner J L. Holland" 6 ch. r. by Bathampton-
Ba.ance II. Tris»tes&e llist. Leipsic 111. Sal
vatella. 101. Squanto 103. DuVe of Kendal 126.
M:s« Dorothy 101. Lajara 1>«. TTillands 103.
Trespass 101 - Navaeota 101. also ran.
SECOND RACE— About two miles; steeple
chase; selling:
Betting Horse. Weijrht. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
fitol— Higbie. ir>3 <Songer) 1 1 1 «
6 to 5 — Walter Cleary. It*! «Ray). 0 2 2 5
5 to 1— Gum Honey. 132 <A. Jcksn) 3 3 3 20
Time. 4:34 2-5. Start fair. Won ridden
out. Winner, tjueen City ch. g. - by
Jile Johnson-Glenleven. Manilian 15.';. Holland
156 Bounder 14ti. Your Grace 146. George
Kc-ene lKt. Librette 11 146. also ran. Latt
thrt-* fell.
THIRD RACE — One mile and an eighth;
felling:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
- t0 jol_A Williams, 112 (Odom) 2 2 1 h
12 to 1 — Daisy Green. 00 tO*Brten) 1 1 2 h
6<o 1 — L. Potentate. !rt (Connell) 0 3 3 5
Time. 1 :53 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner R. Shield*' br. c. by Klngstock-Car
menclta. Tribes Hill 101. Pact SKI. St. Sever
103. Goldsby 111, Earl of Warwick 99, also
ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; Montauk
stakes; two- year -olds:
Betting Honse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
15 to 1— Longshot. 107 (Bedfern).. 3 1 1 h
5* to S — The Southerner. 107 (Gin) 7 4 2 6
12 to 1— Mohave. 107 (Haack) 4 6 3 h
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. Fieischmanns b. c. by Indio-Straysbot.
Juvenal Maxim 111. Bob Murphy 115, Gold
splnk 115. Tim Payne 115. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; maiden two
yea r-olds ; purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to 5 — Floral King, 112 (Odom)... 2 116
20tol— Lida Lleb. 100 (Fuller) 4 2 2 3
15 to 1 — Donnelly. 112 (Haack) 3 3 3 1
Time 1:15^-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner H. Gardner's b. c. by Glganteum-
Rosa R«gina. Phaser 112, My Sister 103, Mid-
Fhlpman 112 Knowledge 112, FJoradale 109,
Anna Hastings 10&. Reglne 10!), Goldspot 1OU.
Belle of Wakefleld lOSt, Tweedle 109. Sunsnin*
After Rain 112. Eclectic 109, Gold Tip 112,
Flying Machine 109. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and a sixteenth;
three- year-olds and upward; purse:
Betting Hor«e. Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
10 to 1— Gaviota 103 (Fuller) 1 1 1 h
3 to 1 — Ella Pnyder. 1OT (Gannon). 2 2 2 3
8 to 5 — DeKaber. 103 (Matthews). 4 3 34
Flrnt Rare — The Giver, Paul
AVIinley. Uttn.
Second Rnce — Kva'n Darling 1 ,
Gomlv Two >hor«, Can Lanka.
Third Rnre Soldier of Fortune,
Reqnlmla, Tryon.
Fourth Haef Jolin ' McGnrk, llar
ca, Ilermencla.
Fifth Race — Mary McCafferty, The
Forum. Orfeo.
Sixth Race— Callant, Ontonagon,
St. Tnmmnn.v.
IIAWTIIOUXE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
First race, seven furlongs — The Kfntuckian
116. Jim Clark 113. The Giver Jll. Otis 107.
Tom CurltlOd, Bluemlnt 10(5. Paul Whaley 10t».
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Give All
106 Montanlc 100, Queen of Gawjline 102.
Eva's Darling 99. Alice Doogherty 93. First
Chip 98, Angelo 106, Gus Lanka 05, Goodman
Wi Ran Gallant O«. Ott*r-Tnil »5. Our Cora
m\ Goody Two Shoes 83. Chief Aloha 90,
Durandal 00.
Third race, five and one-half furlongs.
Juvenile Selling stakes — Elwood 103, Requlmls
103. Sir Andrew 100. Soldier of Fortune »H,
Tryon 98. (Sir Andrew and Requlmls. Cor
rlgan entrler. f
Fourth race, mile and three-sixteenths, handi
cap — Jchn MV-Gurk 10*, Hermencia 99, Barca
93. Leflara !W>.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Sharplrss 109, Au
tomaton 109. Pompino 100. Headwater 100.
Step Onward 102. Rag Tag 102. Louis
Wagner 102. Orfeo 101. Erema 99. Glendale 08.
Uranium 98, Martinmas 95, The Foruia 94,
Mary McCafferty S8.
Sixth race, mile — Harney 107, Inventor 105,
Mary Moore 105. Callant 104. Prairie Dog 10*.
Man>halsea 102. St. Tammany 102. Kentucky
Cardinal 85. Prodigal Sen 92, Electric Volt 02.
MrG'jv.un »2. Ontonagon f'?. Barney Burke 92,
La Honda 90. Organdie 87.
Weather cloudy; track fast.
CHICAGO. July 22. — Hawthorne's entries for
to-morrow are :
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Post. Wright. 117 (Dmk) 3 3 11
6 to 1— Galba. 112 (Helgesen). .. 14 24
13 to 5 — Sir Hugh. 109 (Adklns). 2 2 :i h
Time 1:41. Start perfect. Won driving.
Winner. J. O. Greener & Co.'s ch. c. by Ornus-
Mamie R. Ro»mond 112 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlong: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Trompeuse 105 (Wilson). C 8 1 2
2 to 1— Sweetie. 105 (Wonderly). 4 !5 2 h
40 to 1— My Gem. 105 (Henry) 2 1 3 nk
Time 1 :01 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C W. Scott's b. f. by Decelver-MIss
Emily. Buccaneer 110. Pat Hammon 1CS.
Father Tallent 111. Sol Smith 10S. Walter
Duffy 108 Blumenthal 109. also ran
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
felling:
Bettjjog. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. =i Fin.
9 to 2— Bard of Avon. 10G (Wndly) 6 114
5 to 2— Kilmorie »3 (L. WllFon).. 3 4 2 nk
4 to 1— Louisville 102 <B. Davis). 12 3 3
Time 1:4<». Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner C' R Ellis-on's b. g. by The Bard-Water
Lily. Barrira 102. Anna Eenll 09, Wins
Dance 105. Zella Knight 104. Ed Adack 101.
King R*x 102. Banana Cream Sl». also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jock-r. St. % Fin.
12 to 1 — Warte Nicht. 94 (Booker) 0 3 11
15 to 1— Ahola 90 (L. Wll5on)...4 1 2 nk
13 to 5— Toah 1 108 (Wlr.kfleld) 5 5^,3 h
Time. 1:40 '3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P Wilkerfon's ch. c. by Fonsa-Lu
casca. Bragg 110. Lucien Anpleby 105,
Schwalbe 102 Hurzah flS. al«o rarl.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course:
Betting. Home. Weight. Jockey. 8t. *4 Fin.
11 to 10 — Ceylon. 145 (Owens) 2 5 1 24
10 to 1— Arlus. 145 (Brazil) 1 2 2 5>i
3 to 1— Alma Girl. 134 (Johnson) 4 3 3 50
Time 2:54 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner S C. Hildreth's br. g. by Hindoo-
Amy Davenport. Nata 125. also ran. Spurs
130 fell. Slap Dash 130. threw rider.
CHICAGO, July 22.— Martius was the
medium of a big killing at Hawthorne
to-day. Fifty thousand dollars was taken
from the ring by his backers, who fol
lowed "Lucky Joe" Yeager and backed
the colt almost off the boards.
The California colt Warte Nicht, in
rare form just now, won the mile handi
cap without effort, while the light weight
ed Ahola was second. Warte Nicht was
always as good as 12 to 1 in the betting,
and Ahola was 6 to 1 for the place. The
weather was clear and the track fast.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlons*;
purse : -.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockoy. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — Martius. 112 (Domlnick). 5 111
13 to 1 — Instructor. 110 (Booker). » 2 2 nk
10 to 1— Wm. Wright. 110 (Otis). 6 3 S h
Time :65 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner J. W. Schorr's ch. c. by Flying Dutch
man-Codma. Black Wolf 110, Lanark 110.
Chapel 110. Sir Andrew 107. Liberty .Dell 107.
Harrang 110. Mies McMerkln 107. Polk Miller
107 Mai Welles 110. Arpolllnarts 107. Freck
man 110 Honest John 110, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
R. H. E.
Seattle 00 13 2000x — 0 » 2
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 2 0—3 Iv 3
Batteries — Drohan and Boetttger; Moskiasaa
and Lobman. Umpire — McDonald.
With Sacramento.
PORTLAND. July 22.— Portland batted out
a victory from the Senators in the second and
third innings to-day when they piled up a
total of 7 runs. Brown was hit ao hard that
Thomas was Dut in the box in the third. He
wa» Just as easy. Portland Jumped into fourth,
place In the league to-day. Score:
/ R. H. E.
Portland O340OO1O x — 8 11 3
Sacramento 0 00001 02 1 — I « 3
Batteries. — Hogg and Hess; Brown, Thomas
and Graham. Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE. July 22.— Seattle evened up with
Oakland to-day by reversing tho icore of the
preceding game. Score:
PORTLAND VICTORIOUS.
Bats Brown Out of the Box in Game
Hits— Off Drinkwater 6. off Gray 7. Stolen*
bases— Shay. Meany. Smith, Irwin. Leahy.
Ross. Errors — Leahy. Wheeler. Delmas Ross
Llndsey. Two-base hits — Meany. Toman. Hoy*.
Dillon. Sacrifice- hit — Wheeler. First basw*
on errors — San Francisco 1. Los Angeles 2
First base on called balla — Oft Lindsey 2 off
Drinkwater 4. off Gray 1. Left on bases
San Francisco 8. Los Angeles 8. Struck out—
By Lindsey 5. Tim* of game— 2:00. Umpire
O'Connell.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 2 0003100 0 — 6
Base hits . .3 1 1 O 4 1 0 1 1 — 12
San Francisco ..2 1002022 x »
Base hits 2 1 0 0 3 0 4 3 x— 13
SUMMARY.
Even Dolly, with all his strength, size
and motion, did not make good to any
alarming degree. He got his bumps and
got them hard at times. So hard wms he
hit in the seventh and eighth that flvo
tallies and seven good bingles resulte<l
and. after that the game was at an end
and the Angels outside the money limit.
Little Lindsey was not what he was
expected to be. Uncle had been savin?
him for weeks, so that he could go in and
mystify the men from the south, but
vlth the mysteries he was not there.
Tbey found him and found him hard at
times. _But good batting rallies came to
the rescue of the tiny southpaw and they
saved him when he seemed all but In.
The 3core:
San Francisco — Los Angeies —
* « It. II. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.*.. ". 2 O O 1 Hoy.cf . . 3 12 4 0
Meany.rf - 3 1 0 \Vhelr.2b 4 0 0 12
Irwin. 3b 4*32 6.Smlth.3b 5 S 3 2 5
Leahy.c ft ~ 3 0,DUlon,lb 0 1 2 10 0
Lynch.lf 4 O v » ©Oravh.rf 4 113 0
Krug.cf. 4 0 2.' 0 Koss.lf. 30301
Delnu.Sb 4 0 10 SiToman.9 4 0 1 a 1
Kelly.lb 4 0 Oil 0:Spies,c. 4 0 0 11
Lindsy.p 4 0 0 2 SJDrkwtr.p 3 0100
CJray.p. . 10 0 0 2
Totals 36 9 13 27 14
Totals 40 « 12 24 12
Mr. Drinkwatcr started to do the toss-
Ing up act for the crowd from the trop
ics. He could not go the route after the
fifth spasm had opened with a storm oC
base hits and runs threatening, so Di
rector General Dillon ordered the young
man to scat himself beneath the bench,
and Dolly Gray was trotted out to stay
the tide.
STANDING OF THE CX.UB3.
(Pacific Coast League.) u p
There were enough base hits torn off
yesterday and enough runs coming con
tinually over the rubber to win many ball
games. In fact, the way the game pro
gressed came as a gentle reminder of tha
old days when runs and bingles were far
more plentiful than they are In these ad
vanced times. None of the fans were
sorry even If a gigantic score was rolled
up, for Uncle's tribe landed oftener than
the stars of the southern climes and were
winners, 9 to 6.
It was the first game of thirteen be
tween the topllners of the league and It at
tracted much attention among the lovers
of the national pastime. The members o£
both teams were more nervous and anx
ious than they generally appear, but
withal they handled themselves with
more than ordinary grace. What -was
lacking in coolness was made up in ag
gressiveness and gameness.
To Meany. Irwin and Leahy belong tha
credit of the palm of victory. At every
available moment, when an anxious play
er rested on the bags and longed to cro^ss
the rubber, one of these gentlemen was
willing and anxious to come through with
a base hit and gratify the wish of the
base runner. Of the thirteen hits made
by the home team, four are credited to
Leahy and three each to Irwin and
Meany.
Danny Shay was also in evidence, es
pecially on the bags. Danny got to first
on passes twice and each time completed
the circuit. The remainder of the seven
runs 'were scored by Meany, Irwin and
Leahy, so they came near being the real
cream cheese all the time.
FIFTH RACE— One mile: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— Josle F, 107 (D. Austin)... 3 5 1 lfc
8to5— Benjcak 110 (D. Hall) 1 4 2 2
5 to 1— Lindenella, 104 (Bridwell). 4 13 1%
Time 1:43%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. M. Barrows' b. f. by St. Florian-
Bonnle M. Star Gazer 111, Orleans ltt). Men
ace 104 Lord Roberts 106, also ran.
SIXTH KACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling: „ _.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
a to 1— Tangent. 107 <Troxler)... 5 1 Mi
0 to 1— La Cach?. 90 (Howell)... 7 5 2 h
« to 1— Sid Silver. 1C1 (Louden). 8 4 3 *a
Time 1:22V.. Start good. Wan handily.
Winner,- E. S. Gardner's br. c. by Tithanes-
Trade Wind. Burlap 99. Marchioness ltt.. De
Facto 104 Crime Itr2. Lou Beach 1O.». Pearl
Diver 102. Vlccerae W, Discord 107. Immortelle
100. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
IS to 5— Ancke, 1C2 (Breden) 2 « IB
0 to 1— Olcntez, 104 (J- Sheehan). 3 2 23
ltol— A Lark. 107 (Heidel) C a 3 nk
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won cantering.
Winner L. S. Sires" ch. f. by Locohatchee-
Harlem. Mlmo 104. Dolly Hayman 102. Howl
ing Dervish 104, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; pune:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
Bto5 — C. Forge. 107 (E. Austin).. 0 115
13 to C — Forehand. 110 (Brldwell).. 5 3 2 10
3 to 1— Imboden. 107 (A.W.Baker) 3 5 3 nit
Time 1:1«. Start good. Won easily. Win
nef L.' S. Sires" ch. c. by Handsome-Illlsee.
Tal'houet 10U, Scalper 106, Brilliants 103, also
ran.
ST. LOUIS. July 22.— The fourth race,
a six-furlong sprint for two-year-olds,
was the feature of to-day's Delmar card.
It was won easily by five lengths by
Clifton Force, the favorite, while Fore
hand, the second choice, was ten lengths
ahead of tho rest of the field.
" Ancke ran away from his field in the
six-furlong purse affair and won pulled
up. A "killins" was made on his vic
tory. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Ffcr
4 to 1— King Rose, 104 ( J. Shehan) 4 « 1 \i
1 to 1— Jake. 107 (1>. Hall) 3 2 2 XV,
5 to 1— The Advocate, 1OT (Troxlr) 5 3 3 3
Time, 1:17. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner Hickey Bros.' b. c. by King Enc-Prlncess
Rose. Require 107, Leonde 104, Ranchman
107. Fast Mate 102, also ran.
SECOND KACE — One mile and serenty
yards; aelllns:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
:i to 1— Dr. Clark,' 102 (D. Hall)... 4 2 13
5tol— Axres. OS (D. Austin) 112 8
5tol— K Clyde, 104 (F. Smith). 2 4 33
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. McLemores' br. g. by Raqult-Falth
less. Chandoo 108, Leila Barr 95, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
California Filly GavioU
Wins Over a Distance.
of Ground.
Warte Nicht Takes a Mile
\ Handicap at Washington
Park-
Southerners • Fight Gamely
but Uncle's Men Out-*
play Them.
* season In Lake County. They
were not only the first deer, but they
were also the biggest killed In years.
The two nimrods left Bartlett Springs
on the eve of the season's opening and
camped out for the night some five miles
from the hotel, near Soap ftreek. They
were preparing a meal the next morning
when their dogs got up the two . fine
bucks. It was but the work of an instant
LEON CARRAU, a well known
sportsman of this city, and W.
W. Belshaw of Antioch brought
down the first two bucks of the
Ancke Wins Pulled Up in a
Six-Furlong Purse
Event.
Takes Montauk Stakes
at Odds of Fifteen
to One.
"Lucky" Yeager Leads
Plunge on Schorr's
Colt
Earns Brackets- in the
Two : Year-Old Race
at Del mar.
Leahy, Meany and Irwin
Do Fine Work With
the Club.
LONGSHOT LIVES
UP TO HIS NAME
MARTIUS LANDS
FOR A "KILLING"
CLIFTON FORGE
SHOWS SPEED
ANGEL PITCHERS
GET A BEATING
SPLENDID TROPHIES FALL
TO RIFLES OF SPORTSMEN
Leon Carrau of This CityLand W. W. Belshaw of Anti
och Bring Down Two Bucks in Lake County on the
Morning of the Opening Day of the Deer Season
SPORTS OF THE RACE TRACK, PRIZE RING AND THE WATER
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, JTHURSDAYy JULY 23, 1903
to secure rifles and soon the trophies of
the chase were at their feet. \
They fastened the deer on their horses
and made- their way back tto Bartlett
Springs, where their appearance created
a sensation, as the guests were Interested
In the success of all. the men who went
afleld In quest of deer. Another hunter
brought In a bear, which with the deer
and trout lent a decided sporting flavor to
the varied bill of fare.
The hunters report deer plentiful' in
l^ake County. They saw seven in one
band.
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HOTEL DEL MONTE
ANNOUNCES V
POLO AND • RACES— August 1 to 8. under
the aunpkes of the Pacific Coast Polo and
Pony Racing Association. R. M. Tobln Secre-'
tary. . Entries .» to> and Information/ from 131
Crocker building. San Francisco. ..; ¦'..-;.
" AUTOMODILE RUN— August 6. to 11.* from
San Francisco." Including meet «t- Del Monte,
under the • auspicea of th» Automobile ! Oub of
California. F. A. Hyde- President. Entries to
151 Crocker Building, San Francisco.
' GOLF > ; TOURNAMENT— August ; 24 to 31.
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation. R. Oilman Brown Secretary. Entries
to S10 Pin* street.' San Francloco. •¦ , '
OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP.: TEAM MATCH,
for. Byri\e Cup. North vs.' South. •. .
DEL MONTE CUPS— Amateur ; Tournament.'
Ladles'/ Tournament. ¦ •'¦ . ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l«9«OOCf6tt«ftNMfftM9«MOIMO0l«»tOMtlt4
I Free to Men
I A Book That Brings Happiness.
: I know that no man remains a j >
' weakling because he wants to; I am M — ,
I sure that you want to overcome every f| jp
\ Indication of early decay that has Ml fc^i/Zv
>• shown itself on you. I don't think <!J Mf *'»^X
k the man lives who would not like to |¥ «f^ *2&*^\
I feel as big and strong as a Sandow. If jj£jL TJv* J-/
I And I know that if you have a rea- 8
' eonable foundation \o build upon I can t«*« \ V*«!>^V
* make you a bigger man than you ever /^F * v^^^ \k
t hoped to be. I want you to know A*a^A > V ff**.<— \
t that, you who can't believe it. and I /^f"*<sSi " t* lf**'^ <».
> want you to have my book in which Vc4lsl59 \*SAV^'OrV
j I describe how I learned that manly lPST \\«Q&ir'\
k stronsth was only electricity, and how II 7 \ »\ \5rt fcx ' \t
? I learned to restore it; also I want / \\ I - A^li^wl 1
[ to tell you the namos of some men /^af JW i^@v\lf33a I
r who will tell you that when they came >Wr<S*S <* J^Ow \*Sv I
) to m*» they were physical wrecks nml TiSsSsa 1^" -C\ \\ I I
) are now among the finest specimens iMw3y 1 7*^^.^* '/ It
| of lihyslcal manhooil. &r*&i3fi // « I
i A HAPPY MAN. *%M «©V 1 ( La
J Dpar Sir: Ilavlns usfil your, fnmou* >^f!^a K^5A tl V f9&
f ••loctrlc belt for thirty days. I have roreiv^i M& [& % f^iJS\^A ¦ I /£&
| the itrc.itwt brnent that a man could «;aln jF&J&f&xf fW2rV$Sp§i W 'IS/
I —that Is. health an.l strenjth. The ttre»l. Kr%SSf KSjfeJ^ I Uff^
: .Ifjponil^nt f^ellnic has gonr. I feet the t>p- fivroO^Si I ¦ 'W
f KlnnlnK of a new life, and am ever your iiK3§ll B^^gfi\ I ( | fcv
> d 'r!°O. l»ox 4Sl>. Tuc S on!\\rliona UVnK " S%^^\l IS
t 1 want you to read this book and S'SsSgSalS fa'-^.cLft WG^Sff
learn the truth about my arguments. *afi»3eV*\fl V ¦
! If you arc not as vigorous ns you B&Sml *J L.p^ ' "^ SL *
' would liko to be. if you have rheu- >Swa7tta— T-^_ V*—^
I matlc pains, weak kidneys; loss of •* . Vffa Pta">T Z 2j f *~1±
I Power, day or night losses, prostatlc • ¦ WfeCi^-BJBg ¦
I troubles, nervous spells, varicocele or **»<•*•
I Dp. M. C. McLaughlin, 008 ,^^ 64 -
> 7 8»arr»adj3*Cil .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SaNeERous Ulcers
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD.
X-y Alter the age of 45 or 50, when the vital powers are naturally weaker,
it is noticed that a hurt of any kind heals slowly and often a very insignifi-
cant scratch or bruise
b«om« atad nicer or JL^iSSKfeffiX /£« fe^A&'hRTigjyS
sore. At this time of ten about it had It not begun to inflame and itch ; it
life warty growths T ox i w J?i?* 1 a ji* t1 ®! then " cab over » but would not
, j J. K; ow 7-" 5 » Beal. This oonthiued for soxn* tlm« then the Cancer
moles and pimples that beran to eat and «pread, until it was as large as a
have been on the body £~ £^? iYlV 1 ?*} K"* ?£'**' s - and determined
ni^^f,^ u--*u u^ ™ r V*_^L t . a falr trial, and ft is remarkable what a
almostfromDirtn begin wonderful effect it had from the beginning-; the sore
to inflame and fester be » an .t° heal and after taking: a few bottles disap>
\r*AY~iZ~ «L, ' «»*i»ly. This was two years aro ; there are
and Odore very long still no sims of the Cancer, and mysreneral health
are large eating ulcers. continu e» rood. Sirs. B. shibeb, wyaconda, Mo.
Whenever a sore or ulcer is slow in healing then you may be sure
something is radically wrong with your blood. Some old taint or poison
that has been slumbering there for years, is beginning to assert itself,
and breaks out and becomes a bad ulcer and perhaps the beginning of
Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and while washes, soaps,
salves, etc, keep the surface clean, they are not healing. A blood
yj^ /2^ /C^l me dicine to purify and strengthen the polluted blood
- f^^4 r^^4 r^^ ? n<^ a tonic to build up the general system is what
»^^v\ * S P 6^^' an<^ S* S. S. is just such a remedy. No '
poison is so powerful and no germ so deadly
- - - '- ' that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot reach
it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative prop-
erties. If you have an old sore or ulcer, write us all about it, and medi-
cal advice or any information you may desire will be given by our physi-
dans without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, CAsOAKLAND, July 22.— The body of Katie
Veltcn, daughter of Mn and Mrs., R. M.
Veltch. who was killed in a stage acci
dent near Lake Tahoe, arrived to-day.
The funeral will not.be he^ until it is
definitely ascertained whether the parents,
who were injured in th* same accident,
will be' able to return home.-
Katie Veitch's Body Arrives.
'ST. PAUL. Minn.. July 22. — The Northern
Pacific Itailroad has Issued, and the Great
Northern is about to Issue. , a circular calling
for 15.000 men to go into the Northwest harvest
fields to help gamer the big. crop of wheat, and
offering special inducements to workers.
Mrs. Louise Prielepp.* wife of Chris
Prlellpp. aged 31 years, died yesterday
after taking a potion. Detective Anthony
is investigating the case..
Death to Be Investigated.
Eugene" Eagan was convicted of robbery
by a Jury in Superior Judge Dunne's court
last evening. ' Eagan held up and robbed
¦Peter _ Madera on Second street on the
night of. May 17, securing $1 from his vic
tim. He was captured a short distance
from the scene of the crime and positively
identified by Madera. The jury was out
but a short :time. Sentence will be. pro
nounced the latter part of the week.
Cqnvicted of Robbery.
Joseph A. Mack, who claims to be the
steward on the steamship National* City,
was riding along Market street with an
other man last night and at the corner
of Fourth their buggy collided with an
Ellis-street car. Mack was badly bruised
and shaken up. He was removed to the
Emergency Hospital. UIs companion dis
appeared after the collision. -v
Buggy Collides .With Car.
The Democratic League Club of the
Thirty-sixth District held a large and en
thusiastic meeting in Harmony Hall,
Erie and Mission streets, last night.
Over 200 Democrats were in attendance.
The committeee on resolutions reported in
favor of the municipal ownership of pub
lic utilities and its report was unanimous
ly adopted. Delegates to the municipal
convention were nominated.
The meeting was addressed, by William
D. Hynes,' who spoke against the shutting
out of the rank and file of the party from
participation, in party affairs and In fa
vor of each district governing itself.
The Regular Democratic Club of the
Thirty-sixth District will meet this even
ing at.Searey's Hail, 1429 Mission street:
All the Democratic voters of the district
are invited to attend." ;¦;
Thirty-Sixth District.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Out of respect to
the memory of Pope Leo the whist tour
nament planned by the ladles of St. Fran
cis de Sales for to-morrow evening; has
been postponed until Tuesday, August 4.
The* tournament is for the benefit of the
St. Francis de Sales booth at the fair to
be held in September.
Whist Tournament- Postponed.
From Los Angeles— J. B. Perner and R.
Waukowski, at the Herald Square* Miss
J. F. Ardlto and Miss C. J. Fox. at the
Kensington; M. Loventhal and M. B '
Newmark, at the Imperial; w. Stevenson
at the Normandle; F. H. Evans, at th«
Continental; T. J. McCarey, at the Na
varre. ' : ,'.-¦'.'£''* i''.
NEW YORK. July 22.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco-rH. Reynolds and E. E. Seavey,
at the St. Denis; L. Summerfield, at the
Imperial; J. Flanagan, M. H. Greenberg,
H. E. Lewln and C.^ R. Stewart, at the
Cadillac; Captain E. D. Parson, at the
Gllsey; W. Burgess, A. Callamari and J
W. Taylor, at the Cosmopolitan; D For
lina, at the Hoffman; H. B. Mayo, at the
Grand Union. ":
Calif ornians in New York.
SANTA CRUZ. July 22.— The State con
vention of Christian Churches organized
this morning with the Hon. A. M. McCoy,
Jud^e of Tehama County, the' president,
in the chair. T. J. Picton of Chico was
appointed secretary. C. W. "Jopson pf
Lo6 Gatos. 8. A. Nesbitt of Fresno and
J. A. Brown of Wheatland were appointed
a committee on credentials. They report
ed 150 authorized delegates sitting in the
convention, although are about 600
members of the church in attendance
from various parts of the State.
A. McLane of Cincinnati, president of
the National Foreign Missionary Society,
and Allen Wfhspn, an evangelist from In
dianapolis, were appointed members of
the convention. The sermon was by a
young missionary, the Rev. W. M. Frost
of Calcutta, who asked for funds for the
establishment of a college in that city.
This evening the praise service was led
by the Rev. T. H. Lawson of Stockton
and the sermon was by Allen Wilson of
Indianapolis.
CONVENTION IS BEGUN
BY CHBISTIAN CHURCH
PABIS, July 22.*— A. J. Moraiine. accused of
perjury In connection ¦ with his testimony in
Ne w , York * in the - Fair - witt case, : Is : , , now
charged ' with forging bills . of . exchange in
1001. «-At that ¦¦* time '. an . was
dropped because* be (could "not be found.'
I,EX1NGTON\ Ky.. July 22. — The head and
arm . of the magnificent monument : to Henry
Clay in Lexington Cemetery were knocked off
by lightning last night and the monument was
otherwise disfigured.
.'HAVANA. July 22.— When the remaining
United States troops leave her* they will be
escorted by a Cuban detachment and will be
thanked and congratulated by^President Palma
for their exemplary conduct.
" CHICAGO. July 22. — A special dispatch from
Harbor Beach.. Mich., says the stearn«-r
Waverly was sunk by collision' with the steam,
ex ' Turret a Court near Harbor . Beach to-day. .
The crew of the Waverly escaped to the shore
and all ; were saved. .','»" .
WOODSHOLU Man.. July 22.— The American
Fisheries Society to-day elected Frank N. Clark
of Michigan ¦ president."- R. D. Hume of Cali
fornia was elected a member of the executive
committee. :
STOCKTON. July 22.-rConrad W. Gerlach/
a pioneer of this county and one of its wealth
iest farmers, died iat . his home near San"
Joaquin bridge to-day. He was in his 77th
year. -
WARSAW, Ind., July 22.— Reports of al
most total destruction of crops from i the heavy
hailstorm last night are coming In from points
In the. southern '.part of Koslusko County. ¦
UNION. Mo.. July ' 22.— George ' Collins, th«
bank robber who last night was convicted of
having murdered Detective Schumacher, was
to-day stntenced to be hanged on August, 28.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. /July 22.— John A. Gil
bert, a negro, has been lynched near Pinckney
Landing. Ark. He was implicated In the shoot
ing of H. J. Hubert, a white planter.
SPARTA. Tenn.. July 22.— Jason Ramiay.
aged 65 his 9-year-old granddaughter and two
other children, aged 7. were drowned last night
by. the capsizing of their boat. •
PATERSOX. N. J.. July 22. — In . a tornado
here to-day two persons were killed and at
least three score more or less seriously in
jured.
BAKU, Russia. July 22. — A general strike
has been declared here, which involve* 40,000
persons. The newspapers, have suspended and
business Is at a standstill. . _¦
SALT. LAKE, July £3.— A sharp shock of
earthquake was felt in Ogden at 1:40 o'clock
this morning.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
OAKLAND, July 22.— The following mar
riage license was issued to-day: Edward
G. Smith. 26 years old. and Mrs Mary
Waddoll. 26. both of San Francisco
Licensed to Marry.
Mrs. Robler Asks a Divorce
OAKLAND. July 22.— Divorce proceed
r.gs were instituted to-day by Mrs. Han
-.ah G. Robler against Thomas Robler.
5he alleges desertion as the ground of her
Old Bank Cashier Asks £or Help.
Last night an aged man named O. C.
Miller was taken to the City anjl County
Hospital by his friends with the request
that he be given medical treatment. He
has been residing at 203 Perry street for
eome time and has been suffering from
general disability. His frien/is have done
what they could for him, but circum
stances compelled them to give him into
the city's care. It Is said that Miller was
at one time cashier of a bank In this city.
BCTTE. Mont. July 22.— A special from
Livingston says that the plea of the
Northern Pacific machinists and boiler
makers for an increase in wages has been
granted, the railroad company allowing
workmen 50 cents additional per day.
Northern Pacific Grants Increase.
OAKLAND. July 22.— Acting Police
Judge William J. Geary to-day held
Ernest Holloway. 17 y^ars old, for trial
to the EupoVior Court on a charge of rob
bery- The youth heid un Ben Demerall. 12
yoars old. and stole a dime and the boy's
:r'.r.kets from his victim. Frank Rhodes,
who is much your.gcr. held Demerall's
hands and was convicted of battery-
Holds Youthful Footpad.
A fire that entailed a loss of fully $5000
broke out shortly after 7 o'clock last night
in the establishment of the Pacific Cloak
and Suit J House at 1142 Market I street.
The blaze had Its lnclplency in the west
eide of the basement among a large num
ber of fancy suits and the greatest loss
was occasioned by smoke and water. An
alarm, was sounded from box 95 and upon
the arrival of the firemen at the scene
an Immense volume of smoke was issu
ing from the basement.
Several streams were soon playing upon
the names and the fire was under control
in a short time. The origin of the fire
can only be a matter of conjecture, but
it is supposed that a lighted cigarette,
thrown away by a careless employe, was
the cause. M. Slrninoff is the proprietor
of the store and it is understood that the
loss Is fully covered by Insurance.
Fire Causes Considerable Loss.
Under the new law respecting the care
of youthful incorrigibles it is made man
datory on the part of the county to make
M me such provision for this class of of
fenders. It is proposed that Warden Page
of the insane department occupy the two
positions until such time as the necessities
of the case require a more extensive es
tablishment.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Plans for a place
for the detention of youthful offenders
are being made by the Board of Super
visors, and a part of the building now oc
cupied by the Receiving Hospital is to be
6et apart for this purpose. This will do
away with the expense of erecting anew
building for this purpose and. employing
a corps of attendants.
Supervisors Plan to '-Use Part of
the Building as Ward for
Juveniles.
INCORRIGIBLE YOUTHS TO
BE HELD IN HOSPITAL
OAKLAND. JuJy 22.— Wallace ft. Alex
ander is in (linger of losing his position
££ Free Library Trusteee because he did
rot pet pennisEion from the City Council
to remain out of the State for sixty days,
es required by the city charter. Mr.
Alexander is In Hawaii and cannot re
turn before the time limit has expired.
Hi* friends fear the City Council will be
compelled to appoint a successor to the
absent trustee.
Absence Endangers Position.
A story In circulation on the street yes
terday to the effect that E. S. Plllsbury
had been chosen by the president of the
Santa Fe road to fill the position of chief
counsel, which is vacant by reason of the
recent death of Judge Sterry, was em
phatically denied by Attorney Pillsbury.
He stated yesterday afternoon that he
had not even be«n offered the place.
While he had frequently represented the
road here during the lifetime of Judga
Sterry. he said that there was no founda
tion for the story that he had been se
lected to take the late chief counsel's
place. " = : vl" '-.. *z..~L-- :
Captain A. H. Payson, assistant to the
president of the Santa Fe. also denied
any knowledge of the appointment.
Attorney Pillsbury Says Ho Will Not
Succeed the Late Judge
Sterry.
In sDite of the fact that no announce
ment of the funeral was made In the Lon
don papers, distinguished friends of the
deceased crowded the church. Beautiful
floral wreaths were received from Messrs.
Vanderbilt, Alma Tadema and Freer, as
well as from art societies.
LONDON. .July 22.— The body of James
McNeil Whistler, '. the ' American artist,
who died July 17, was. Interred this morn-
Ing in the family burial plat In the old
church at Chlswlck. The funeral ser
vices were held at Chelsea, in the old
church where he often went with his
mother when she was alive. There were
no services at the house. The coffin,
which was covered with a purple pall,
was carried to the church, followed by
the honorary pallbearers and relatives on
foot. The pallbearers were Sir James
Guthrle, president of the Royal Scottish
Academy: Charles Freer. George W. Van
derbilt, E. A. Abbey. John L. Avery of
the Royal Scottish Academy and Theo
dore Duret, all personal friends of the
deceased.
Body of James McNeil Whistler Is
Laid in Grave Without
. .Ceremony.
DISTINGUISHED FRIENDS -
HONOR ARTIST'S MEMORY
DENIES .HE IS TO
BE CHEEP COUNSEL
Walter Freudenberg of Weinheim, Ger
many, who represents the largest calf
skin dealers in that country, and Ernest
Bally of Schoenehwerd, Switzerland, a
memoir of . a. large shoe manufacturing
concern, arrived from. Southern'California
yesterday and are stopping at the Grand.
They are making a tour of United States,
studying trade conditions and at the same
time enjoying all the interesting sights
that are afforded them on their, trip. -
Charles M. Dobson, a mining engineer
of New York, who examined the mineral
properties of Cuba under the direction of
General WjxmI and for a time acted as
press censor in Havana, Is at the Palace,
having come to the coast to Inspect sev
eral mines in Northern California for
Eastern 'parties.
J. J. Hebbron. a wealthy cattleman of
Salinas, is among the latest arrivals at
the Grand.
M. H. Flint, superintendent of the rail
way mail service, is up from Los Angeles
and registered at the Occidental.
C. Quarrler, former auditor for the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and
wife 'are registered at the Palace.
Judge E. P. Coyne of New York, legal
adviser of Edna Wallace Hopper, who is
contesting the will- of the late Alexander
Dunsmulr in the Victoria courts, returned
from the north yesterday and is stopping
at the Palace.
r J. G. Roberts, a banker of Madera, is
at the Palace. .
.8. Lemon Hoover of Washington is at
the Palace.
- Clarence Kind, a mining man of Tona
pah, is at ..the Grand.
' Former ' Congressman T. J. Geary of
Santa Rosa is at the Grand.
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Nevada
City, is stopping at the Grand.
Reception committee — J. Toohy. J. Banoth,
F Monaehan, A. J. Glover. C. Kaiser. O.
Rugee. Philip Werner, D. J. O'Xeill, E. E.
Fischer, F. Laux.
Floor committee — AI Saeman. W. Donlon; H.
Bordenave. W. Sieben. J. Valente, T. Crowley,
T Dugan. A. Schneider. W. Ltape, J. Mc-
Greevy. L. CerruU.
The entertainment and dance given last
night in Native Sons' Hall by the Native
Sons* literary and social committee, un
der the supervision of Presidio Parlor,
was enjoyed by a large audience. The
following was the programme:
Barytone «oto. "The Song I Heard One Sun
day Morn." F. A. Monaghan: vocal selection.
••Way Down In the Cornfleld." Virginia Fisch
er; Roman ringrs. George Schlltter; soprano
solo. "Mannehta."' Miss M. Xewbert. "Mr.
Bob." a comedy In two acts, by Rachel E.
Baker — PniliB Royson. Charles Kenyon; Robert
Brown clerk for Benson & Benson. A. J. Wol
linger; Jenkins, Miss Rebecca's butler. W. D.
Ferguson: Rebecca Luke, a maiden lady, Mlsa
Afton Razland; Katherir.e Roa-en, her niece,
Mlsa Dorothy Walsworth: Marian Bryant,
Katherlne's fri«nd. Miss Beatrice Bromfleld:
Patty. Miss Rebecca's maid. Miss Alice Martin.
The following named had charge of the
function, which concluded with dancing:
Dr. J. A. McGouga. chairman: Ernest Mar
tens, floor manager; William Kaiser, assistant
floor manager.
Interesting Programme Is Pre
sented and Enjoyed by Very
Large Number of People.
PERSONAL MENTION.
John Breen, a well known and respected
pioneer of California, died yesterday
morning at his late home In San Juan,
San Benlto County. Mr. Breen was born
In Canada' and came to this State when
14 years old with the Donner party, of
which his parents were members. He
was a brother of the late Judge James F.
Breen and of Mrs. Thomas McMahon.
He was one. of the first residents of San
Juan and when his death became known
In the little town the bells of the old Mis
sion Church of San Juan Bautista were
tolled in respect to his memory. Mr.
Breen was noted for his generosity. He
will be burled at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning from the old Mission Church at
San Juan. \A wife and eight children.sur
vive him.
RESPECTED 'PIONEER OF
CALIFORNIA PASSES AWAY
John Breen, Who Came Here With
."the Early Settlers, Dies
¦ • at San Juan. •
Katherine Albach. living at 5740 Adeline j
street, who was charged with being in
#ane by her husband, was discharged
after examination. The testimony was to
th* effect that she was peculiar, but was |
POt a proper Fubject for an asylum. ;
OAKLAXD, Ju!y 21— Josiah Ellis, . 79
vears of age and suffering from senile
dementia, was committed to the Stockton
Asylum to-day by Judge Hall. Some tes
timony ¦was introduced for the purpose of
ehowir.g: that Ellis' health had been im
paired by the use of mineral wat«. The
doctors, however, expressed themselves as
Fattened that the ordinary effect of old
ape would have the effect of causing the
hallucinations from which he Is a suf
ferer.
Insanity Examinations
BERKELEY, July 22.-Mrs. James T.
Landregan, proprietor of the California
Hotel, thinks she is the victim of a plot
to kill her and blow her hotel into smith
ereens. She says that last Sunday morn
ing about 3 o'clock some one entered her
doorway and iinscrewed the . gas pipe
leading to the pas Jet there, thus allowing
the gas to escape in copious quantities.
Fortunately for the hotel and its thirty
guests, Mrs. Landregan heard a noise and
upon investigating found the break. The
services of, a plumber were soon after
ward obtained and the leak plugged up.
Mrs. Landregan thinks the pereon who
unscrewed the pipe did it in the hope of
filling the hotel with gas and having her
guests asphyxiated by the wholesale or
having the gas ignite and blow them to
pieces. She believes also that the mis
creant is the same person who tried to set
fire to the hotel a while ago, after some
trouble with him.
Sill Her Guests or Blow
Them Up.
Landlady Thinks He Intended to
MISCBEANT FILLS
HOTEL WITH GAS
MARION. III., July 22.— Deputy Sheriff
Throgmorton arrested John StubbleflelS
to-day on the charge of murdering his
son, W. E. Stubblefleld, aged- 21 years,
with a club. -Father and son quarreled
while working at their home northeast of
BlairvUle. The father says the son was
disobedient.
DES MOINES, Iowa, July 22.— Because
his son Charles, aged 16, refused to get up
when called, William Laird shot and killed
the boy as he lay in bed at Knoxville early
to-day, chased a younger son to the home
of a neighbor in an attempt to kill him
also, then turned the weapon on himself
with fatal effect. Laird was addicted to
drink and had separated from his wife,
the latter taking three children, leaving
the two sons with the father. News of
the tragedy prostrated the mother and
fears for her recovery are entertained.
One Slays With a Cluh in a Quarrel,
the Other Kills Delib^
erately.
TWO WESTEBN FABMEBS
MTTBDEB THEIB SONS
NATIVE SONS' COMMITTEE
" GIVES AN ENTEBTAINMENT
OAKLAND. July 22.— Appeal has been j
r. .-- -•- bv a committee of municipal offl- i
rials of Als.zieda County for donations '
cf money, vehicles, fruits and the like j
Jar use in the celebration of Alameda ¦
County day during the Grand Army Na- j
ticnal Encampment next month. The day '
Is Friday. August 21. '¦
The committee desires to charter steam- j
erg that will carry the visiting veterans I
to and frcin Ean Francisco without cost ;
and to furnish the old soldiers with free ;
rides over the electric lines. Money !
ehculd be sent to I^fiwin Steams, secre- ;
tary cf the Board of Trade, 522 Twelfth •
t treet. Fcr the luncheon under the wil- !
lows on tha banks cf Lake Merritt quan- j
tities cf suitable edibles will be required, i
The appeal Is sigried by the following ;
cfficials:
¦vTarren Olney. Mayor city cf Oakland: ¦
Thoir.as Rickard, president cf Bosrd of !
Trustees. Berkeley; Joseph F. Fcrderer. presi- j
<!er.t Board cf Trustees. Alameda; C. E. !
Kbcx. presl^'nt Board of Trustees, Llvenaore; j
O. W. He>>r. president Board of Trustees,
Hsywards: II. F. Eber. president Board cf :
Tr-jsteea. Saa L*»n<!ro: F. Lewis, president i
Board cf Trustees. Pleasanton; Edwin Steams, i
secrettry.
MAKES APPEAL FOB
VETEBANS' RECEPTION
municipal Officials Throughout Ala
zneda County TJnite for Celebra
tion of Grand Army Day.
The party -drove up Market street to
Van Ness avenue and out Pacific avenue to
the Presidio, where the admiral showed
a -keen- interest --in the fortifications that
command the entrance to the harbor.
From there, drove through the park,
taking In all the principal points of in
terest, and arrived at the Cliff House at
12:30 p. m., where they found a luncheon
awaiting them.
Shortly after 2 o'clock they started for
town,- as the admiral had arranged to
meet . a few friends informally at the
French XJbrary."
Promptly at 10 o'clock the guest of
honor, accompanied by Captain Rene Da
zeluy. adjutant of the Pacific station, was
rowed ashore to the transport dock.
Awaiting them was the Mayor and his
party— Consul General of France M.
Henri 'Dallemagne.'A; Q. Goustiaux, J.
Godeau, Dr. F. P. Marquis and Alfred
Roncovlerl.
Admiral Addigard, commandant of the
French squadron of the Pacific, was the
guest of Mayor Schmitz yesterday. The
admiral, who arrived here on July 10 in
the cruiser Protet during a heavy fog,
had little idea or the topography of San
Francisco's surroundings "until he ob
tained views yesterday from the numer
ous commanding points of observation in
the course of his drive with the city's
chief executive. .
Commandant of French Squadron
of Pacific Visits Presidio, the
Park and Cliff House.
ADMIRAL ADDIGARA IS
GUEST OI 1 MAYOR SCHMITZ
BALTIMORE, July 22.— The . Elks, now
in national convention, marchid in a pa
rade to-day, about 7000 strong. It is esti
mated that 200,000 witnessed the parade,
and the marchers were enthusiastically
cheered. At the City Hali the procession
passed in review before Mayer Robeit
McLane and other city officials. . "
The members of a number of lodges ap
peared In costumes of a novel and gro
tesque character. Among these were the
famous • "cottonpickers" of Greenville,
Miss. The. Cincinnati lodge marched In
golf costume. The Alliance, Ohio, lodge
was in German costume and was headed
by its famous "Little German Band."
The members of the Annapolis lodge ap
peared in United States naval uniforms.
The committee on the music contest,
which took place yesterday, made the
following decision to-day: Welser's Cin
cinnati band, first prize. $1000: Jersey City,
band, (second prize, $500; Fifth Regiment
band of Paterson. N. J., third prize, $300;
Great Western band of Cleveland, fourth
prize, $200. '
To-night the streets were given up to a
confetti fete, In which thousands took
part. The streets, brilliantly illuminated
and with domes, arches and buildings
lighted by myriads of electrical bulbs,
presented a carnival appearance.
The teacher should have an already accu
1 Emulated wealth of knowledge, constantly ac
cumulating. He ought to be master of his
subject. I have to work hardest on the things
I don't «ay. I never teach up to the edge of
my eubject for fear of falling off. The con
vene* of the teacher creates the Impres
sion of largeness in the subject and he must
work with a big background. I was not con
vinced that there should be & graduate school
at Harvard until President Eliot said that
•the teaching here will never be satisfactory
until the students are convinced that there Is
no limit to the teaching." The graduate
school has been the most ennobling factor that
has ever come to Harvard. .
The po w er of ennobling through life is es
sential. Knowledge buffets. Every fragment
of knowledge is repulsive, yet this fragmentary
condition is inevitable. A child can not un
derstand this and his confidence In knowledge
• must fc« restored by the teacher.
The teacher inurt train himself to forget
himself. The desire for praise is common but
it certainly can have no place In the makeup
cf the teacher. The teacher is a colorless
medium through which the child Is brought to
i look on truth. It Is the teacher's greatest
compliment to be passed by. It Is futile for
i attempt to trace results. The teacher casts
1 his bread upon the waters — It may return.
Vicariousness must be wrought in the teach
er's moral fiber. He must not enter teach
ing because he loves books, for a teacher's
work is not in obtaining knowledge. <but im
parting it. '"Thought transference" 1b what
1 mean — getting hold of others' minds. It is a
double-ended process. You must discover
where the truth rises— scrutinize its genesis —
and also where it fails. Find the line of l*ast
resistance where knowledge may enter. The
teacher must have an imagination and must
be. busied -with It all the time. He must get
rid of his condition so he may enter into that
of his pupil's. He must be an altruist — to b«
able to bear the burdens of his weakest pu
pil. His imagination should be artistically
trained, for this is his great business. It Is
to be able to appreciate, other minds than our
own. It is to reach the child's innocent point
of view.
A characteristic of the art product Is that
It never can be qclte complete. The essential
artistic tralu In a. teacher'* work are four—
aptitude for \icar1ou5ness. an already accu
mulated wealth of knowledge, power of en
nobling throurh life, readiness to be forgot
ten.
Professor George Herbert Palmer of
Harvard University had "Teaching as a
Fine Art" as the subject for the address
he delivered this afternoon in Hearst Hall
at the third of the university meetings
for summer school students. Teaching he
characterized as the best of the fine arts,
for it takes the crude, raw material and
molds it into something wonderfully great
and complex— Into a man. The true art
ist takes h!s clay and shsrpes it into
forms of beautv, not for gain, but for
its own sake; not for selfisn or social re
sults, but to express' himself. This is the
kind of art and artist he would have In
the schools, the artist who enjoys what
he helps to create and delights in shap
ing the product under his control. In part
he said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 22.
At the conclusion of the mass the miter
will be blessed and placed upon the head
of the consecrated Bishop, who will rise
and give his right hand to the consecra
tor. while the" first of the assistant Bish
ops will take him by tne left hand, and
thus he will be enthroned. -
Finally the consecrator will intone the
"Te Deum Laudamus," and some rubrics
will close the imposing ceremony.
At the conclusion of a prayer the chan
ter will begin the litanies, following which
the consecrator will take the book of the
gospels and place it on the forehead of
the elect, while the Bishops touch his
head with both hands. The consecrator
will follow the actions with the words,
"Receive the Holy Ghost." Then the con
secrator will read the "Propitiare," and
will subsequently intone the "Per Omnia
Saecula Saeculorum." Then will come the
recitation of the "Veni Creator Spiritus."
according to the custom of the .ordina
tion of priests.
The anointinsr of the hands will fol
low with the oration. "Sustentator." and
the consecrator will bless the elect with
holy water, and then for the first time
he will be given the pastoral staff.
The ring will then be produced and
blessed by the consecrator, who will place
it upon the third finger of the right hand
of the elect, at the same time giving into
his keeping the gospel.
ANOINTING HANDS.
The notary will then take the mandate
from the Bishop's hand and will read it in
slow and measured tone from beginning
to end. At the conclusion of the solemn
reading the consecrator will exclaim, "Deo
gratias."
After a preamble by the consecrator the
elect will rise and with head uncovered
and in answer to each question in regard
to Scripture,, tradition, morals and so on
will say, "Yes, with all my heart I desire
to assent to all things and obey In every
thing."
The senior Bishop will answer in the af
firmative and the consecrator will request
that it be read.
The elect with his face toward the con
secrator, the older Bishop to the right of
the elect, the Junior to his left, but in
such a manner that the two Bishops shall
face each other. Thus being placed, and
after a short interval, they will rise, the
elect without his berretta and the assistant
Bishops without their mitres. At this
moment the senior assistant Bishop, turn
ing toward the consecrator, will say:
"Most reverend father, the holy mother,
the Catholic church, asks that this present
presbyter you should raise to the burden
of the episcopacy," whereupon the- con
secrator will ask. "Have you the apostolic
mandate order?"
READING MANDATE.
There must be at least two Bishops in
attendance on the elect, each clothed In
the rochet and with the white mitre.
The church dignitaries who will attend on
this occasion will be'the Right Rev. Bish
op Grace of Sacramento and the Right
Rev. Bishop Conaty of Los" Angeles. At
the convenient hour, which has been set
at 8 o'clock in the morning, the elect,
with the Bishops, will enter the church and
the consecrator after prayer at the altar
will put on his vestments for the occa
sion, the elect, with the assistant Bishops,
retiring to their chapel in the meantime
also to clothe themselves in their vest
ments. When ready for the ceremony the
Bishops, with the elect In the center, will
enter and proceed before the consecrator
and bow low to him. They will then take
seats before him in the following order:
The forms attending the ceremony of
consecration are interesting, not only to
the clergy, but likewise to the layman.
There is around the whole ceremony a
profound atmosphere and marked solem
nity. There are regulations to be ob
served which are not jonly religious but
sternly official.
First of all, the consecrating Bishop
must know of the commission, either
from the Pope or otherwise, and the con
secration must be performed either on a
Sunday or on a feast of the Apostles, or
on any other festal day assigned by the
Pope. Saturday^.the day for tne conse
cration of Bishop-elect Libert, will be the
feast of St. James. .
ARCHBISHOP CONSECBATOR.
It is something like seventeen years ago
when Archbishop Riordan consecrated the
Bishop-elect's predecessor, the late Bish
op Gulstan Ropert, and his Grace per
formeTPa similar office when the present
Archbishop Montgomery wis appointed
Bishop of Los Angeles in 1894.
, Although many well-known priests of
San Francisco are away in Europe and
various parts of the country on summer
vacation there will be a large attendance
of clergy. As it is seldom that such an
important function as the consecration of
a Bishop has been performed in this city
a big congregation is expected to be pres
ent.
Preparations are being made for the
consecration of the Rev. \ Father Libert
Hubert Boeynaems, recently appointed
Bishop of Zeugma by the late Pontiff,
Leo XIII, at St. Mary's Cathedral on Sat
urday morning. A general invitation to
attend the ceremony has been Issued to
the clergy by his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan, who will be the consecrator.
Dr. C. F. Gladding, the autopsy physi
cian, who first believed, from the fact
that the skull 'was fractured, that the
man had been murdered, now says he has
come around to the suicide theory. He is
of the opinion that the fracture was
caused by the fall after the man shot
himself.
What makes me think it is Crandall all th«
more strongly la that he was always talking
of investing his money in property around .the
bay and he, may have been in Berkeley for
that purpose. Besides that the Index finger
of his right hand was crooked on account. of a
felon he once had and the man In the Morgue
was afflicted In the same way... , -
This mysterious woman bore evidences
of having come a long way. She gave
her name to the officers on their promise
that her statement would not .be coupled'
with her name, arid ' that ""'her Identity'
would not be made public.;"
James Soufraine, a San Pablo-avenue
restaurant keeper, thought t6-day that
the man was one who had eaten a break
fast at his place last Friday, but he was
not sure of it. The man he had in mind
paid for the breakfast, which is another
proof that the man had money. and may
have been murdered for it.
The man was the former husband of Mrs.
Wallace Detro of Vina. Tehama County, from
whom he was divorced ten years ago. They
have a. child 10 years old and Mrs. Detro has
been keeping track of him on account of their
child. He had a- son 25 years old by a former
marriage. - ...
I am sure it is Crandall. He looks as he
did when I saw him last and I fear he was
murdered.
The Berkeley Morgue was visited by a
number of people to-day who thought
they might Identify the man who was
found dead at the Brennan barn last
Friday. • Of this succession of would-be
identifiers but one, a woman, was rea
sonably eure that the man on the slab
was the man she expected to see.
A mysterious woman, who refused to
give her name, came to the Morgue to
night and said she thought the man was
Cranston Bertram Crandall. though shf>
could not say positively it was he, as she.
had not seen him for six years. She said:
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, July 22.
j . Following is the detailed description of
the lines of railroad which, the Mayor
says, should be assessed in part by the
city of Oakland and in part by the
county: ' ¦
* The railroad known as tb*- Seventh-street
Local, consisting of two main tracks and com
mencing at the western end of the Oakland
Mole. 4a Alameda County, and running thence,
eastwardly over said mole, thence along the
center line of Seventh, street. Oakland, crossing
the northern arm of the Estuary of San An
tonio to East Oakland and thence through East
Oakland to Frultvale station. In Alameda Coun
ty. This railroad has heretofore been assessed
by the State Board of Equalization as having
but one main track and < was assessed to the
Central Pacific Railway Company. \ .
The railroad known as the .Webster-street Lo
cal, and consisting of a single track, with
ewltchen, and commencing at Ships Channel,
In the Bay of San Francisco, j and running
thence eastwardly along the narrow gauga
mole to the highland In^Alameda City, thence
eastwardly along the southern shore line of
Oakland Harbor to a point directly opposite the
foot of Harrison street in the city of Oakland,
thence northerly crossing said Oakland Harbor,
thence curving" northwesterly across First
street in the city of Oakland to a point in Web
eter street, thence northerly along the center
of Webster street to a point about one hundred
feet north of Twelfth street, thence curving
northwesterly" across Thirteenth street through
blocks Nos. 192 and 191 to a. point in Fourteenth
street, between Franklin street and Broadway,
in the cltv of Oakland. This -railroad • ir as
sessed to the South Pacific Coast Railway Com
pany.
The railroad operated exclusively in Alameda
County.- known as the Berkeley branch road,
consisting of two main tracks and commencing
at a point near the Berryman tract in the
town of Berkeley, running thence southerly
and southwesterly through Berkeley, - Oakland.
Emeryville. ' and th«nce southerly aloqg the
Southern Pacific Railroad right of way, near
the western- ahore line of the city of Oakland.
to a ' point • about opposite Thirteenth street.
where - the «»l<l~B«r1celey-'.*jTanch road'4©tn» the
"through two, main track* of the Southern Pa
cific Company. . Thii railroad haa heretofore
been assessed .by the State Board of Equaliza
tion as having been one-main track and no ,
mileage within. the limits of the city of Oak-,
land south of the town of Emeryville.
All these railroads are operated wholly within
the County of Alam*da and therefore should,
under, the constitution and laws, be assessed
for purposes of taxation by the local assessors.
Th? city of Oakland respectfully and earnest
ly protests against any, further assessments of
the above named local.rcads by the State Board
pf Equalization, which board, under the consti-.
iutlon end the laws, are empowered, and
ized to assess only:, such railroads as are oper
ated In morejhan one'eounty of this State.
I You 'are further' respectfully informed .that
the .Alameda County Assessor has this year as
sessed all of the above described local railroads,
including '.their franchises and rolling stock.
And that 1 their assessment for- this' year's taxa
tion purposes Is already a portion si the Ala
meda County assessment. •'-••:
i You -are alfo notified that, the former appor
tionments of railroad taxes to Alameda County
and the city of Oakland by the State Board
nf- Equalization were based on a much less
pumber of- miles "of railway- than wer» laid In
this county and In this city and that because
of this the Council of the city has directed Ms
city engineer to ascertain, the number of mile«
of railway laid in this city and the Board of
Public Works to report to. your honorable body
for your .information the result of such findings.
In his letter*Mayor Olney writes
Mayor Olney has directed a communica
tion to the State Board of Equalization
making a protest- in the name of the city
against the further' assessment by the
State b.oard of: th»f lines of railroad ope
rated through this- city and known as the
"Seventh-street Local," the "Berkeley
Local" and : "Webster-street Local."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 22.
Corbett's poor condition was evident, as
he refused to set a fast pace. Briggs
grew more confident as the bout pro
gressed and went at the champion with
left swings to the body, but was content
to let Corbett do the worrying. -For five
rounds the bout was slow, Corbett simply
stabbing with his left, trying to get near
enough to reach over with his right; but
he never got a chance, as Briggs was
ready to back away or duck under the
powerful blows. The champion was
faulty In measuring hia distance., as many
of the swings upon which he depended
fell short or his wildness carried him Into
the ropes.
The seventh was the most vicious
round, as Corbett at this point mixed the
fight and endeavored to finish it. Briggs.
by avoiding Corbett's rushes and keeping
his head, stood the gaff well. The re
mainder of the bout lacked interest, as
Corbett needed steam and Briggs was
playing a waiting game.
BOSTON", July 22.— While Yotrny Cor
bett, champion feather-weight of the
world, got the decision over Jimmy
Briggs In their ten-round bout to-night
before the Tammany Club, the Boston
boy gained considerable prestige by stay
ing the limit. It was the second time the
two had met, and each time Briggs man
aged to stay with the champion the full
length of the bout. An agreement to
break clean was costly to Corbett, who
does his greatest execution when fastened
to his opponent.
Briggs exercised excellent ring general
ship and kept away from Corbett's
swings or ducked when he- was in close.
As a consequence Corbett failed to land
any damaging blows and Brigs* was
fresh at the finish.
The railroad people write they will pur
chase or will exchange for another piece
"better situated for the interests of both
rarties."'
Mayor Olney has referred the matter to
City Engineer Turner for a report.
The Southern Pacific Company has made
a proposition to tbf city to purchase a
two-acre tract cf water lots west of
the Peralta-ptreet freight 6llp. which was
Seeded eleven years a*ro to the citjr as a
flt« for & rumpi:i£ station in connection
«ith a main fewer Fjstem devised by
.Rudolph Herir.p.
Acting for the company. Division Super
intendent W. S. Palmer to-day 6ent a let
ter to the Mayer requesting a. conference
*ith the B^ard of Public Works on the
* abject. The company offers to buy the,
lot cr exchange.
Superintendent Palmer fays the land is
surrounded by property cf the Southern
Tacif.c Company recently purchased and
the corporation is desirous of acquiring
the two acres. It is a piece that abuts
the West Oakland railroad yards, extend
ing <S5 feet toward the harbor line from
the Stare tide line-. It was a portion of
the Oakland Water Front Company's
•holdings and was deeded to the city by
that corporation at the time the sewer
scheme was under consideration.
Oakland OfSce Pin Francisco Call.
111S Froadway. July 22.
Mayor and Other Officials
of Baltimore Review
Procession.
Claims the Mileage Appor
tionment Fails to Coyer
Actual Trackage.
True Artist Shapes His Clay
for Beauty, Not for
Gain.
Denver Lad Is in Poor Condi
tion and Lacks His
Usual Speed.
Property Is Owned by Oak
land and Is Near Peralta
Street Slip.
Dr. 0. F. Gladding'Now Holds
That It Was a
olllClClo.
Church Prelates Preparing
>for the * Important
i Ceremony.
Quaint Costumes Worn
by the Marching
Lodgemen.
Asks State Equalizers
to Cut Out Local
Railroads.
Father Libert's Conse
cration as Bishop at
Cathedral. ¦'
Jimmy Briggs Stays
Ten Rounds With
Champion.
Invites a Deal to Ac
quire Old Pumping
Station.
Professor Palmer Tells
What Makes Ideal
Teacher.
Guarded Woman Thinks
He May Have Been
O. B. Crandall.
RAILROAD WANTS
CITY WATER LOT
NONE IDENTIFY
NAMELESS DEAD
SEVEN THOUSAND
ELKS IN PARADE
IMPOSING RITES
TO MARK EVENT
MAYOR PROTESTS
ON ASSESSMENTS
YOUNG CORBETT
FAILS TO SCORE
TEACHING BEST
OF FINE ARTS
THE SAN, FI? AIsCISCO CALL, THITBSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 22— Schr Zampa,
for Ban Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 22— Stmr Elder, for
Ean Francisco. ' ¦
BANDON. OR.— Sailed July 22— Schr Albion,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed July 22— Br sloop
Glenalvon for Australia. ' '
Arrived July 22 — Schr "John Q. North, from
Tonga. ¦ ,~ ' ¦ -'¦
6EATTLE— Sailed July 22— Stmr Cotta»e
City, for Skag-way. ; . - • . - ¦
Arrived July.' 22— Stmr Oregon/ from Nome;
etmr Humboldt, from Skagway; ttmr Centen
fciai. from' Sajx Franc±st». " '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED. ' ¦•r.U
' ¦ Wednesday, July 22.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka. •; .
DOMESTIC PORTS..
Eugene E. Schmitz Indorsed.
The Thirty-first District Union Labor
Club— Aubertlne County Committee fac
tion—met last night and organized by the
election of '. the following officers:
•¦ President. Charles A. Slskron; vice president.
,W. • D. Getchell; 8ecretarr.-Ja.mea Reaver;
treasurer. W\- Jennings : sergeants at arms,
Peter Sheehan and W. Flynn.
: The meeting. wTllch was large and en
thusiastic, was held in the hall of the Bel
mont Athletic Club, Third and. Brannan
streets. After, listening, to the speeches
of Thomas F. Eagan, J. McKeon, George
Krimpkoff . Senator Bunkers and others
and adopting resolutions indorsing Eu
gene E. Schrnitz. the. meeting adjourned
to the call of .the chair.v r - . ' ,'
Thirty-Seventh District.
-The. Regular Democratic Club of the
Thirty-seventh District will meet . next
Monday 'evening at " Phelps*. Hall;on
Dcvlsadero street.
Threatens to Drive Out Jews.
LONDON. July 23.— The Times an
nounces that it has information that Von
Plebwe. Russian Minister of the Interior,
in receiving: a Jewish deputation from
Odessa, threatened, if the anti-Govern
ment agitation continued, to adopt ex
treme measures to rid Russia of the Jews
by facilitating their emigration, . exclud
ing them from the schools and making
it impossible for them to live in the em
pire, r
9
GaAPE-XTJTS.
~~ "SUMMER FOOD"~
Has Other Advantages.
Mary people have tried the food Grape-
Nuts simply with the idea of avoiding
the trouble of cooking food In the hot
months.
All cf these have found something be-
eidrs the ready cooked food idea, for
Grape-Nute is a scientific food that tones
up end restores a sick stomach, as w*ll
as reoairs the waste tissue In brain and
nerve centers.
"Fcr two years I had been a sufferer
from catarrh of the stomach due to Im-
proper food, «nd to relieve this condition
I had tried nearly every prepared food
on the market without any success, until
cix months ago my wife purchased a. box
of Grape-Nutn. thinking it x would be a
desirable cereal for the summer months.
"We soon made a discovery; we were
rnchanted with the delightful flavor of
the foe/J, and to my surprise I began to
pet well. My breakfast now consists of
st. little fruit, four tcaspoonfuls of Grape-
Nuts, a cup of Postum, which I • prefer
to coffee; graham bread or toast, and two
bo'led eggs. I never suffer the least dis-
tress after eating this and my stomach
is perfect and genere.1 health fine. Grape-
Nuts is a wonderful preparation. It was
only a little time after starting on it that
wife and I both felt younger, more vig-
orous and in all ways stronger. This has
been our experience.
"P. S.— The addition of a little salt in
place of fucar seems to me to improve
the food." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
Send for particulars by mail of exten-
sion of time on the 17500.00 cooks' contest
for 75 money prizes. -
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.^
BY ¦ ' ~ "
HENBY ..; P. . SMITH.
The Art -Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if . framed with *• three or ; four
inch Flemish dark 'green .-. oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
tions. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ceased During
Fainting Spells.
Revived by Artificial
Respiration.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Cured Wife.
Faintis; spells are- » sure indication of a
weak heart. The heart cannot do the work
required of it and stops beating. If it ceases
for more than a minute death ensues. Weak
hearts must have aid from the outside, sttch
as Dr. Miles' Heart Cere - alone can give. It
is a heart tonic It regulates the pulse, en-
riches the blood and improves the circulation.
• "For two years my wife was in very poor
health, s . At first her back troubled her *
great deal, then she had shortness of breath
and irregularity of the periods. The pain
in her back grew worse and extended to ths
connection of tne spinal cord at the base of
the brain and from there to her heart. She
had two very bad sinking spells, when the
pain in her heart was most intense and her
breath stopped. The second time we had to
resort to artificial respiration to revive her.
We were advised to give Dr. Miles' Heart
Care a trial and 1 bought a bottle and began
giving it as directed. We found the doses
were too- strong, so I gave her half dose j
three times a day, and she began to improve.
After she had taken two bottles the pains
were all gone and she was feeling like a new
woman. She continued the Heart Core in
small doses for several months and is now
enjoying -better health than for the past six
years."— M. J. Thompson, Dept County
Clerk, Klamath P. O, C*L
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and. Heart Diseases. Address
Dri Miles Medical Co., Elkharr, lad.Movements of Steamers.
SUEZ— Arrived July 22— Stmr Achilles, from
Tacoma, via Hlogo, Hongkong, Manila, etc.,
for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG — Sailed July 22— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Gros»e, from Bremen and South
ampton, for New . York.
• SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 22— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm dcr Grosse, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
Arrived— Stmr Philadelphia, from New York.
TENERIFFE— Sailed July 19— Stmr Serapis,
for Seattle.
ampton; etmr Majestic, for Liverpool; stmr
Amsterdam, for Rotterdam.
Arrived July 22 — Stmr Mongolian, from
Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 22— Stmr
Ivernia. from Boston, for Liverpool. • .
Sailed July 22— Stmr Carpathia, for New
York. V ¦
ONE OF OVERDUE FLEET NOW
REINSURED AT FIFTEEN
PER CENT.
THURSDAY. JULY 23.
Run rises 5:04
Sun sets : 7:27
Moon rises .....4:05 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? L W H TV L W - H W
23 I *:20V—l.l|ll:31| 6.0 4:091 2.6110:16} 6.3
24 5":05— 1.2(12:14 5.2 5:02 2.4 11:10 6.2
25 5:S1 —1.1 12:55 6.3 5:58-2.3
H W L W H W . L W
26 0:0ft 6.0 6:38 — 0.8 1:35 •'U.5 6:51 2.1
27 1:00 6.6 7:20 — 0.3 2:15 \5.6 7:B2 1.9
28 2:02 5.2 8:06 0.3 2:59 5.7 S:58 . 1.7
29 3:08 4.7 8:56 0.9 3:43 5.6 10:00 1.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of tn« tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide, of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights; and then the number
given Is . subtracted ¦ from ] the -depth . given by
the charts. The -plane of '.reference is the
mean of the lower low waters. . • >
"Warrants were sworn out yesterday at
the instance of the Health Board for, the
arrest ,of the ; following restaurant keep
ers for serving milk to their, customers
that^was ' found on -"analyses .to_ be ¦ below
standard : . A. Seaberg, 737 Mission street;
M. A: Bruce,- 70 Third street; Ed E. Hesse,
,783 Market street;:D. Von- der:Mehden. S3
Fourth 'street,, and C.'Bush and. H.. Bush,
,763 * Market" street; '-.i So I far : twftnty : three
arrests, have b«>en made of dealers selling
adulterated milk. ¦ "
Milk ' Below ¦ Standard.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
• July 22. 1903. ,
>¦ The time ball was -. not t dropped ' to-day.
Mechanism temporarily deranged. -
J. C. BURNETT.
'•... ...... , Lieutenant, _U. .8.. N., .In charge. .
Time Ball.
HOME BUN IN NINTH
WINS FOE ST. LOUIS
Boston Bats Out Victory Before
Schmidt Settles Down to Cus
tomary Form.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. July 22.— Smoot's sensational
home run drive In the ninth, with two out,
gave St. Louis the game. Up to that time It
looked as though Cincinnati had th* game
cinched. Dcnlin's sensational throw to the
jilate, heading off Burke, was a feature. At
t^l. Louis 8 12' 2
Cincinnati 7 14 ,0
Batteries — Currie. Brown and J. O'Neill;
Harper and Bercen. 1,'moire — Moran.
PHILADELPHIA. July 22 — Keisters double
and Taylcr'e wild throw of Harry's bunt gave
Philadelphia to-day's game over New York \t
tendance, l«300. Score:
R. H. E
New York 2 « a
Philadelphia 3 11 - 2
Batteries— Taylor. McGlnnity and Bowerman;'
ItjrarkE and Roth. Urrirfrc — Emslie.
BOSTON. July 22— Before Schmidt settle.l
down Boston ecored runs enough to beat Brook
lyn to-day. Plttiager was effective throughout
R. H/'B
Boston 8 9 2
Brooklyn 2 «j 3
Batteries— Pittlngcr ar.d Moran; Schmidt and
Rittcr. Umpire — Johnstone.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. July 22— St. Louis wag easy
Moor* holding them well in hand throughout
Cleveland bunched hits off Evans In the third
and sixth innings. Attendance. S000. Score:
Cleveland t ft' \
St. Louis 0 6 1
Catteries— Moore and Abbott; Evans and
Sugden.
WASHINGTON. July 22— Ryan's home run
Faved %>aehlnston from a shut-out Dunkle
l/itched hjs first game for Washington and
< rested a favorable impression. Attendance
1500. Score :
„ ' . R. H. £.
Washington I 7 •>
Philadelphia ....^ 3 9 1
Batteries— Dunkie and KIttredge: Plank and
Powers.
Handball Championship Match.
JsmcE C. Nealon. the handball enthus
iast, is in receipt of a cable from Ireland
informing him of the victory of M. Egan
of New Jersey over Twohill. the Irish
handball champion, by a score of 21 to 6
They played seven games in America and
the deciding ones in a series of fifteen
were to be played in Ireland. Kgan'a
victory la this game gives him the match.
He has been matched to play Fltzger
cJd for the championship of this city. The
men will meet fn the court of the Olympic
Athletic Club late In the present year.
Trunks and Dress-Suit Cases.
Call for up-to-date traveling bags or
fcuit cases. Do you need a new trunk?
Carload prices to the user. Leather Goods
Department. Eanborn, Vail & Co.'», 7«
Market EtrtcU •
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentine Puako Is chartered for lum
ber from Pugft Sound to Cape Town at 54s,
with option of Algoa Bay. 55s.
4
A. Valuable Cargo for Australia.
The British ship Drumcralg was cleared yes
terday for Sydney. Australia, with I,470,19'5
feet lumbr-r. (5132 bdls shingles. 810 cs canned
salmon and C5 bbls lubricating oil, valued at
$57.<>J9.
«
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED
CLEARED.
Wednesday, July 22.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Cella. Devitt, 19 mours from Albion.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 21 days 23'$ hours
from Panama, via Manzanlllo, 6 days 2 hours
and 27 mlnuts.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 90 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Aruncion, Brldgett, 41 hours from Re
dondo. • . .
Br stmr Inverness. Proud, 25 day* from
Moji.
Wednesday, July 22. -
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, for Eureka;
Charles Nelson Company.
Br ship Drumcralg. McCallum, for Sydney;
Charles Nelson Ccrapany.
SAILED
x TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 22, 10 p. m.— Clear;
wind SW, * miles an hour.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, 3 P. M.
Stmr Newport.
Stmr Greenwood.
,*••:. Wednesday. July 22.
Stmr Columbia, Dorau. Astoria.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson. Bowens , Landing.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck. Portland, etc.
Stmr Mandaiay. Payne, Crescent City. •
Htmr Gt-einwood, Johnscn, Caspar.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, San Pedro.
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Kchr Ida Schnauer. Brastin*. Gamble.
Schr H. C. Wright. Nlelson, Mahukona;
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Ida McKay, Lctbola. Eureka.
Schr Onward. O]!dn«ssen, Coqullle River.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN.
June 3— Lat 14 N. Ion 28 W. Fr ehlp Leon
Blum, from Swareya, for San Francisco.
June &— Lat 13 N. Ion 35 XV. Br ship Aus
trasla. fr?m Antwerp, for Port Townsend.': '•
June 11— Lat 32 S. Ion 31 W, Br bark Blue
bell, from Salaverry. for Delaware Break
water. ' ¦ '••.¦.*-•'
June 11— Lat 13 P. Ion 36 W. Fr bark Jane
Guillen, from Antwerp, for Ean Francisco.
June 25— Lat 25 S, Ion 40 W, Fr bark Ville
de Mulhouse, from Hamburg, for San'Fran
cisco.
July 12— Lat 32. N, Ion 18 W, Ger .bark
Ecuador,' from Cardiff, for Port Townsend.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 22— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.. ¦
- Sailed July 22— Stmr Portland, for Philadel
phia. AWMMrawp(ffivfei|Mfii^
COPENHAGEN— Arrived July . 22— Stmr
Hellig Olave," from New York, - via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 22 — Stmr Geor
gian, from Boston; stmr , Havre, from Phila
delphia, via Queenstown. -
LONDON — Sailed July 22— Stmr '¦; Montevid
ean.from Montreal.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 22— Stmr Mar>
•alia, from Marseilles and Naples. ,'••,,•
Bailed July 22— Stror 6L . I'aul. far South.
OCEAN STEAMERS
ACAPULCO— Sailed July lB^-Stmr San Juan,
for Panama. - ; -
Sailed July 20— Stmr City of Para, for San
Francisco. . .
ANJER— Patsed July 22— Bark Adolf Abrig,
from New York, for Manila.
HONGKONG— Sailed July 22— Jap' etmr
America Maru, for 8an Francisco.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 21— Span stmr
Antonio Lopez,, from Manila.
Sailed July 22— Br ship. Fall* of Halladale.
for San Francisco. - . . . •
MAZATLAN— Sailed July 21— Ger stmr Si
lesia, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed July. 22—
Br snip General Gordon,' for San Francisco.
PORT NATAL— Arrived prior to July 21— Br
ship Irby. from Portland. Or.
PORT SAID— Arrived July 21— Stmr Strath
gyle, from Norfolk, Va., for Manila.
Arrived July 22— Nor itmr Nordkyn, from
New York, for Manila. .' *,
TALTAL— Arrived July 17 — Ger bark Polym
nla. from Port Los Angeles.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Olympla.
from Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— Failed 22— Br etmr Coptic, for
Ean Francisco. , &&g>15$3
iN'EW YORK— Sailed July 21— Stmr Sara
toga, for Colon:
REED ISLAND— Anchored off July 21— Stmr
Hawaiian, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
EASTERN PORTS,
ISLAND PORTS. [
HONOLULU— Arrived July 21— Bark An
drew Welch, hence 3d.
Arrived July 2i!— Stmr City of Peking, hence
July 15; stmr Sonoma, hence July 16.
Sailed July 21— Schr S. T. Alexander, for
San Francisco.
Sailed July 22 — Stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco; bktn \V. H. Dimond, for San Francisco.
Sailed July 22 — Stmr Sonoma, for Sydney;
Btmr City of Peking, for Yokohama.'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 22— Stmr George W.
Elder, for San Francisco. » ' "
BANDON, OR.— Sailed July 21— Stmr Chico.
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Pomona,
hence 21st. r .
Arrived July 22— Stmr South Bay, hence
21st; bktn Gardiner City, hence July 21, In tow
of tu<? Sea Rover.
S*lled July 22 — Schr ! Lottie Carson, for
Guaymas: tug Sea Rover, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived July 22— Bark Coloma,
from' Sallna Cruz. ¦
Sailed July 22— Stmr Melville Dollar, for San
Francisco.
HADLOCK— Sailed July 22— Stmr Montara,
for San Francisco.
HOQUIAM— Arrived July 21— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence 17th.
MARSHFIELD — Arrived July 22 — Stmr
Czarina, hence 2f>tb.
NOME— Arrived July 6 — Schr Barbara Hern
ster, hence June 12; stmr Manauense II; stmr
Ohio, from Seattle. ¦ , ••¦...
POINT LOBOS— Passed July 22, 8 a. m.—
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood, for Port Los
Angeles.
Passed July 22. 7 p. m. — Stmr Lakme, from
Eureka.' for San Pedro. •.
I'OItT GAMBLE— Sailed July 21— Schr Ma
nila, for Eagle Harbor.
Hailed July 22 — Schr Okanogan, for Manila.
PORT MADISON— Arrived July 22— Schr
Oliver J. Olson, from Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 22— Bark
Coloma, from Saltna Cruz.
Arrived July 22 — Schr Okanogan, from Port
Gamble: Br ship Canada, from Victoria. *•¦
Passed in July 22— Sehr Henry K. Hall, for
; bark Coloma. ¦ for Everett; schr John
G. North, for .
Sailed July 22— Ship Henry Falling, for Syd
ney, s
SAN DIEGO— Arrived July 22— Stmr Marsh
field, from Hardy Creek.
Sailed July 22 — Schr Eric, for Port Town
send.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived July 22 — Stmr
"Whltesboro. from Greenwood.
Sailed July i2 — Schr Transit, for Grays Har
bor; stmr Ruth, for San Francisco. \
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 22— Stmr
Coos Bay, hence i.*Oth, and sailed for San Pe
dro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 22— Stmr Hum
boldt, from Skagway.
Arrived July 22 — Stmr Oregon, from Nome.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 22— Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco.
TACOMA- Sailed July 22— Stmr Mlneola. for
San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 22— Stmr Cen
tennial, hence 19th, for Seattle.
Pafs?d out July 22 — Stmr Mlnnetonka, for
San Francisco.
Passed In July 22 — Stmr City of Puebla,
hence 20th, for Victoria; stmr Ohio, from
Nome, for Seattle.
Passed July 22 — Stmr Montara, from Port
Hadlook. for San Francisco.
Br stmr Achilles, from Tacoma, for London,
detained at Suez; bottom rudder carried away.
PUNTA ARENAS, July 21. -^Contracts with
local salvers to eave cargo of Ger stmr Theben
for £10,000 and shipping at £6000 have been
made.
LONDON. July 22.— Br bark Glencona. pre
viously reported, has been abandoned by the
master.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bi£ Cargo of Coal.
The British tramp steamship Inverness ar
rived yesterday from Moji with 5250 tons of
coal.
Glencona Abandoned.
The British bark Glencona, which recently
went ashore at San Bias, has been abandoned
by her master.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pa.ny's Doric will salt to-day for the Orient.
She will take about seventy-flve cabin passen
gers and a full cargo.
J*mes Olsen. who lives at the Grand Cen
tral Hotel. Third and Mission streets, fell down
the hold of the steamship State of California
yesterday and frartured his skull at the base
of the brain. At the Harbor Hospital the sur
geons say he will die.
•
Doric Sails To-Bay.
The rate of reinsurance on the ship Helen
Brewer was advanced yesterday to 30 per cent.
Phe is now out !3J» days from Sourabaya for
Delaware Breakwater. The rates on the Mil
ton Park. Hermls and Edouard Detallle remain
at 15 per cent.
Falls Into the Hold.
The Newport's officers report that in
Panama the general sentiment seems
strongly In favor of the canal.
Fine weather was encountered through
out the voyage and, as usual. Captain
Saunders brought his vessel into port
looking like a yacht.
The passengers included the following
named:
Arthur Welnier. W J. Seaborn. T. S. Swan.
E. W. Str*tch. Mrs/ B. M. Ireland Enrique
Tsllet. D. T. Meade. Michael Murphy. B. Ja
cobs. A: M. Garland, Charles Worweck.
Charles Baker. James Reilly. James Kenny
and Alfred gutter.
•
Reinsurance Rates.
Pacific Mail Company's steam
1 ship Newport arrived yesterday
II from Panama and way ports. She
** brought the usual cargo and a
score of passengers, of whom five
were Chinese. A. M. Garland, the Pacific
Mall Company's special coast agent, came
up from Guatemala on the liner. He re
ports conditions quiet all along the coast.
He says the coffee crop has been all gath
ered and that it proved plentiful, as had
been expected. In Guatemala the crop
was unusually good, and but for the de
struction wrought by Santa Maria would
have exceeded all previous record?. The
loss of coffee directly caused by the visi
tation of lava and ashes is estimated,
eays Agent Garland, at about 20,000 tons.
Under the circumstances Guatemala came
out very well, and had it not been that
the military service absorbed much of the
republic's labor material the shortage
caused by the volcano would hardly have
been noticed.
NEWPORT. R. I.. July 22.— The last
run cf the New York Yacht Club on the
cruise back from Vineyard Haven to-day
was not as disappointing as that of yes
terday*, at least so far as the SO-footers
were concerned. Within a mile of the
start the Reliance and Columbia struck
bottom on the eastern end of the middle
ground in Vineyard Sound, and only the
quick turn of the wheel saved the Con
stitution. The Reliance came off within
two minutes, while the Columbia, held
on the shoal by a strong tide, struck
there for over an hour, being finally as
sisted cff apparently uninjured, but of
course out of the race. The other two
boats kept on. but on getting out be
yond Gavhead a strong puff of wind
snapped off the topmast of the Consti
tution. After the wreck had been cleared
away she proceeded and crossed the fin
ish line nearly three-quarters of an hour
after the Reliance, eo that the latter boat
had practically a walkover. The cruise
ends with two wins to the credit of both
the Reliance and the Constitution.
A drver examined the fin of the Re
liance after her arrival in port, but could
discover no damage, so that probably
Ehe will be in the race to-morrow. The
Constitution procured a new topmast this
afternoon and will also start. The Co
lumbia arrived in port half an hourafter
the Constitution, apparently uninjured.
The event to-morrcw is the annual race
for the Astor cup, but as neither of the
tup yachts has been measured under the
new rules they will not compete for the
trophy given by Colonel John Jacob As
tor, but will sail for a special cup.
Quick Turn cf Wheel Saves Constitu
tion From Shoal.
RELIANCE GOES AGROUND.
Half an hour after the start, when they
tacked, the , challenger led by an eighth
cf a mile. Three-quarters of an hour
later the wind suddenly shifted and the
• Id boat, belns to windward but astern,
gained a minute by It.
The wind freshened to nearly fifteen
knors, with a short sea running, and the
boats fairly flew to the turn. With spin
nakers set. they started for the finish at
thirteen knots an hour, but had run only
half an hour when the fog enveloped them
and the race was cff.
The yacht has a spare gaff at the Erie
B&sin and it will be in place in time for
to-morrow's race. A dense fog shut down
on the racing yachts when they had sailed
about five miles of the last leg of the
course, putting an end to the racing. For
an hour afterward they sailed for the
lightship,, each hidden from view of the
• ither and both out of sight" from the
L'rin. They had reduced sail, but it was
dangerous running, the precious challeng
er in the pathway of the trans-Atlantic
liners. The creat Majestic passed the
lightship and disappeared in the direction
from which the tShamtock HI was coming
long before the challenger reached the
lightship, but passed her without mishap.
Shamrock III had been heading the older
boat by five minutes when the fog shut
down, so that when Shamrock I was the
first to appear at Sandy Hook lightship,
where the Erin waited, the anxiety on
the Erin was increased. The Erin's whis
tle joined with that of the lightship as a
guide to the missing boat and ten min
utes after the old boat appeared, sailing
under her jib only, and was taken in
tow of the Erin. Shamrock III had beat
en the old beat 3 minutes 45 seconds to
the turn and was fi%*e minutes ahead
when the fog rolled in. The course was
a beat to windwaid. fifteen miles south
southeast, from Sandy Hook lightship,
and a FDinnaker run back.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS. N. J.. July
2*J.— Sir Thomas Liptoa watched anxious
ly from the deck of the Erin to-day
while for an hour his -priceless cup chal
lenger was temporarily lost to his vision
behind a wail of fog. When the beauti
ful yacht tame limping out of the fog
with her caff breken Sir Thomas was so
pleased to see her safe that the accident
was of little importance to him. The
steel saff *'*s bent and the rivets pulled
out about ten feet from the mast, as the
yacht jumped into a sharp tumble of
eea. It did not break entirely in two.
Shamrock III Leads Handily
Until the Accident
Occurs.
Challenger Comes Out
of It With Steel Gaff
Broken.
This Is the Estimated Tribute the Fincas of the Cen
tral American Republic Paid to the Wrath of Santa
Maria— Citizens of Panama Still Firmly Support Canal
FOG ENVELOPS
LIPTON YACHTS
GUATEMALA'S COFFEE CROP
FALLS SHORT 20,000 TONS
CHINESE TRICKS
TO BE BLOCKED
Hart North Suggests
Way of Doing It
Effectually. \
Says No Writs of Habeas
Corpus Should Issue With
out Examination.
United States Immigrant • Commissioner
Hart North makes the following state
ment with reference . to the proposed de
nial of the writ of habeas corpus to Chi
nese immigrants In certain cases: .
It is reported to me that the United States
Attorney is in receipt of a letter, from the
Commissioner General or Immigration request
ing that writs of habeas corpus be not Issued
on behalf of Chinese persons arriving at this
port and claiming to be native born until their
landing has been denied by this office.
In -this class of cases it has been customary
for the courts to issue writs regardless of the
question as to whether or not the examinations
conducted by the Inspectors employed in the
tnforccment of the exclusion acts have been
completed, and in some cases even begun, anfl
such practice has often resulted in both unnec
essary work and humiliation for this office.
It is my opinion that if the- courts would re
quire evidence of a denial by the immigration
officers as a prerequisite to Issuing the writ
more satisfactory results would ensue, as this
would make it possible to secure the evidence
not only of the applicant but also of his
witnesses before an opportunity was given them
to make their stories tally, this having been
proved to be the inevitable result of the appli
cants being taken from our custody by writ.
Such a step would not be a suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus within the meaning of
the constitution, but would merely require the
applicant to show himself entitled to- the writ
in advance, and such a requirement is placed
by the statutes in the discretion of the court.
If. on the other hand, the courts In their
wisdom desire to handle all cases of alleged
native born Chinese without regard to an ex
amination under the Immigration and Chinese
exclusion laws, no doubt the proper instructions
could issue to that end, thus relieving us from
all examination of such Chinese.
BRITISH VICE CONSUL :
TAKES HAND IN GAME
Swears Out Warrant for T. J. New
man's Arrest for Disturb
ing the Peace.
Wellesley Moore, the British Vice Con
sul, secured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of T.
J. Newman, proprietor of a sailors' board
ing-house at 76 Jackson street, on a charge
of disturbing the peace. He said New
man had been making himself offensive
at the consulate for some time,' and had
become a nuisance. He went to the con
sulate yesterday morning and raised the
final disturbance.
Newman was arrested last Monday on
a charge of battery .upon Arthur Cham
bers, a clerk at the consulate because he
was ordered out while some British sail
ors were being paid. The case came up
before Judge Cabanlss on Tuesday and
was continued till to-morrow. Yesterday
morning Newman abused the officials at,
the consulate for having him arrested and
made statements which the Vice Consul
says are absurd and without the slight
est foundation.
Unable to Hold Zimmerman.
The police have been unable to connect
Fred Zimmerman with the attempt to rob
Mrs. Jennie Hughes at 314 Gough street
about two weeks ago. After being shown
to the different watches on Tuesday and
yesterday he was booked at the City Pris
on on a charge of carrying burglar's* tools,
which were found in his possession when
arrested several days ago. , . ;
Teacher Sues for Salary.
Adeiia E. Little, formerly . a school
teacher, sued the city yesterday ' for
$2988. which she alleges is due' as salary
from July 1 1900.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodet:c Survey—
Times and Heights of . High . ajvl Low
Waters ' at Fort Point, cntraa:* to Sail
Francisco Bay. Published d> cffl.;ial au
thority of the Superintsn'lenr.
NOTE — The high and low waters 'occur' tt
the city front (Mission- *tr«et wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes lat»r than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both -places.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. • ,. From. I Due.
Chico Coqullle River IJuly 23
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma [July 2.{
Alaskan New York IJuly Zi
Santa Roea... San Diego & Way Ports July 33
Del Norte Crescent City .' July 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 24
Silesia. Hamburg & "Way Port*. July 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena July 24
Arctic....:... Humboldt ..July 24
.Mlnnetonka.. Seattle July i'5
Mlneola. Tacoma ....July 25
Newburg San Pedro July 25
M. Dollar Everett July 25
Pomona Humboldt ...July 25
Argo Eel River Ports........ July 25
S. Barbara... San Pedro , k ... July 25
8. Monica.... San Pedro ...July 25
Arcata Coos-Bay &Pt. Orford. July. 25
Coos Bay Newport &. Way Ports. July 23
Rival WUlapa Harbor July 23
Hero Oyster Harbor ......:.. July 23
Tltanla Nanalmo ... IJuly 26
San Pedro... Humboldt IJuly 2«
Eureka Humboldt .. (July 26
Queen Puget Sound Ports IJuly 26
Chehalis Grays Harbor ..... IJuly 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... July 27
State of Cal.. San Diego & .Way 'Ports July 27
Coronado Grays Harbor . . .'. July 28
North Fork. . . Humboldt .... ..... July 28
Corona Humboldt :...|JuIy US
Curacao Mexican Ports ....... .jjuly 29
City Para New York via Panama. July l<o
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports July 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria: ... July 29
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma... .. July °9
CItyPuebla.. Puget . Sound Ports July SI
Siberia China A Japan July 31
Clavering China & Japan |July 31
Alliance Portland &,Way Ports. lAug. 1
Penderah:... Seattle |auI. 1
TO SAIL. . . .
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
'. July 23. ; }• ~
ru 'ton Redondo direct 8 am's.W. 2
Phoenix Pt. Arena & Mndcno 1 pm|Pler 13
Centralla Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 13
Dcrlc China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Jnly 24. :
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19
Herodot Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 23
Raraona San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 1!>
July 25.
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. B am Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor . . v 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympiad # 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chico Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Olympic Whatcom & Fairhn 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney. N. y. via Panama. 12 m Pier iO
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jnly 26.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. . 9 am Pier 19
San Pedro.. Los Aneeles Ports. 4 pm Pier i
Jnly 2T. I
Montara Seattle .. 4 pm|Pler —
Argo Eel River Ports.... I 4 pm|Pier 2
Pomona Hurnloldt |1 :30 pfPier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier L'4
J. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata...... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier "J
' , . July 28. . . - >
Arctic :. Humboldt ¦ • • • 10 am Pier 2
Lothian China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier It!
Coos Bay. . . Newport I & - Waj . . 0 pm Pier 1»
Argyll...... Nome direct
' ' July 2O.-
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnly »0.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Jnly 31. . ¦ • „
North Fork.. Humboldt .: 3 pm Pier 2
N.Maru.... China & Japan.... 1 pmlPier 40
Nevadan Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pmlPier 20
AllKHMt 1. ''¦¦¦ ''• .' I •
Columbia. -,. Astoria &. Portland 11 amiPif.r 2i
Ualnier Seattle &. Whatcom 4 pm|Fier 10
Angrnut 3. - . I
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. .|10 am|Pier 2
, . FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . • For. , ¦ ; I Sails.
Oregon....;.. Nome..... July 23
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle:. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2«
Farallon...:. Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 28
Nome City.'..' Cooks Inlet & Way Ptsl July .2a
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Porta.|July do
Ohio ;... Nome & St. Michael... .| Aug. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks-Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Axtec. ..:.... Nome ". - .". .". •'•'¦• •<•'• • • • • I Aug. 1
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. lAug." 3
Roanoke Nome &. St. Michael. ..JAug.; 4
Al-Kl 8kagway & Way Ports.|Aug. 4
; Senator.. ..'.. Nome : .... ... '.......:. . |Aug. b
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Aug. 7
THE FAN; "FBAKCISCO rCALL; -THUKSDAY; JTJLY 23, 1903.
10
BAIL WAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited...
to CHICAGO
a An Ideal Train
• For Those Who
Seek the" Best.
SANTA FE TBAINS
. . .Leave Market-street" Ferry D* pot.
" — — I Local I Lim'd I Local J Ov'rl'd
1 Da^ly I Dally I Daily I Daily
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 9:30 a '4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... (10:40 a 12:01 p -7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced 1:0ft p I:fi5 p 1:2S a
"Fresno.... 2:40 p 3:20 p .'...:.. 3:15 a-
•• Hanford .. 4:B8 p 4:07 p ........ 7:50 a,
" Vlsalla ..... 4:55 p 4:48 p. ...... 5:00 a
"Bakersfleld 7:15 p 6:00.p ....'... 7:35a
" Kansas City ....... 2:35 a : .. 7:00'a
" Chicago "... ....... 2:15 p :..."... 8:47.p
a for morning; p for afternoon. ....
7:30 a. m. Daily. is Bakersfleld ' I>ocal, ato'p-
plns; at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday- and Thursday Is the
CALirOBNIA LIMITED, carrying- Pal-
•tea Sleeping* , Can and Dining Cars
through to. Chicago. - Chair car rut.* to Bakera-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No' second-class tickets are honored
on this . train. . Corresponding train arrives ; at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.;- • . j
«:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited, Composite
Car and Reclining; Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and t>an Francisco. Corresponding: train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally. ¦¦ . _ ¦> ¦¦ .
4:00 p. m. U Btockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally. \ . .
8:00 p. . m. Daily is the Overland : Express
with through ' Palace I and Tourist . Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to' Chlca/fo; ' also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding: train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and ¦ East leave - Ean Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
, Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry De-
¦wkt. Ban Franelieri: 1112 Broad Wa.V. OaJclaAd.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
• x " ln ' l^s^ui r Nci tt J rc t 5.* rfltr# *i
(Main Llaa. root of Marfcet 8tte«* >
tmt.Ti — Tuou Jps» «. 1908- — *»M^«
" 7 Ma Benloln. SaUun, Elralr* «od Sacrx
mento V«l
7.00a VtcaTM«, Winter*. Ramser....... /-25»
7.30a Mirtlnei. Saa Ramon. Vtllejo,
Nspa. C»U»tog», Santa Rosa BZ5»
7.30a Nllet,Lathrop.tStockton. ...... 7.Z&*
1.00a D«TH.TVoodlaod.Knight»Lan«ltniC
MurTtTflle. OroTlUe. (connects
¦t Maryrrill* for Orldley, Biggs
1.00a A««nOeBipreiv-OgdVa'in.i^«iiI 10.25a
S 00a Port Co«t». M«rt?ne». Antloch. By
"» ron.Tr«cy.S»ockton.S«cr»mento.
Los B»nc«. Meadct*. Hantord.
YlMtla, Porterrllle «»4.Z0»
1.00a fort Co«ta. Mart In pi. L*inrpp, Mo-
i0 ° fieito. Mercrd, Fresno, Ombja
Junction. n»ntord. VlMlU.
Bakersileld B.ZD»
8.30a 6ba«t« Kires.-DrrU. W'HMni
(for Bartlctt S?r1nfr»>. TTlllow*. •
8 30a Klles. San Jotc. LlTermore. 8toefe-
toD.lone.S»cr»meoto.riiieer»llla.
MarrsTllle. Chieo. Ued Bluff. .j-. 4.2»
8 30a Oskdsle. Chlneie. J«mesk>»n. So-
nor«, Tuolnmn* «nd AngtU 4Z|»
9 00a Martlneia.ndWaj8t*t2on». ,5«f*
1000a Vallelo *v •*•*¦*-
110.00a CretcentCltr Bxpre.s. BMt^no-
-Port Ccita^Bjron. Traej. L«p
• throp. 8toe**>n. Merced. K»r- •
eaond. Trerao, Uanfcrd, Vltaila. O
B»*er»fleld. Los Angel** and -f \
Kew Orlenn*. (Westbound ar-
rlres a* Pactfle Cosut Express.
Tla Coast Line) •¦ rlJG»
10 00a The OTcrland Limited — Ogden,
DenTer. Omaha. Chicago 8.25»
1200* Harvard. Mica and Way SUtiOM. 3.25»
t14K)r Sacramento Rtver 8teamers. tllOO»
iZOr Beatcta, Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, WtUIama, Colnna.Wll-
iow». Knights Landing. Marya.
Tille. OtotJIIc and way atationa.. 1 0 53*
SlOr Bayward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7&o»
4C0r Martlnex.8anll»mon.ValleJo,>aj»«,
CalUtcea. S»nt*l:»»» ... .g-Jg-*
4-OOr Msrtlnex.Traty.LAthrop.8tocktoa. 10 25*.
4-COr Nile*. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. f-ff*
4XQT Hayward. Kllea. Irrlngtoa, 8a« t t8.66A
Jote. LlTermore I J11.66A
5 OOr The Owl Limited — Fresno. Tnlare,
BakeraAeld. Loa Angfllen; con-
necta at Saagua tor S*n:» Bar-
bara •••• «-M*
B-COp Fort Coata. Tracy, Stockton, Loa
Banoa 1225»
t6J0r Wllea. Baa Jo«e Loeal.. ,Hf*
etOr Bayward. Nllea and 6an Joae 1Q-2S*
• 43Or Oriental Mail — Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. . St. Lovia. Chicago sad
Ea*c (Carrlea Pnllmsa Ca r paa*
aengera raly out of Ban Fran*
Cisco. Tourlut car and coach
paiseogera take 7.00 r. x. trata
-~ to Reno. eonUanlng thence la
their caraCr.M. trata eaitward.. 4£$»
Veitbonnd, 6anaet Limited.—
• From Kew Tork. Chicago, Hew
Orleans. £1 Paso. Loa Angelea. -
- Frecno. Berenda. Raymond (from
To^emlte). M*rUP«i. Arrive*.. 8-2Sa
74)0r Baa Pablo. Fort Costa, MarUae*
and Way Station* 11. 25a
tTJOOr V»llejo 7.66»
JJtOr Port cost*. Benicia. Suisun, Dirij.
Sacramento. Trackee, Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento ...................... 7-E3-*
8.05i> Oregon * Camornia Express— 8ao«
ramento, MarysTllIe. Keddnic
Portland. Paget Bound and Eut. 8.58*
tS-IOr Hayward, Kile* and San Jose (Sao-
dayealy) :11.E5i
11^&> Port Costa, Trscy, Lathrop. Mo
v detto. Merced. RaTmosd (to To*
aemlte). Fresno 12 2S»
Hanford. Vinalla, Bakersfleld B-2S»
COAST LINE <Xmrr»w «aaa^).
(Foot of Market 3trcet.)
tJAbA. Santa Croi £scuTsion <Sntt<Uy
on!r). 2S- 10*
S-I&a Kewark. Centervllle- 6an Joae. •
Feltoa. Boalaer Creek, 8»u
Cms and Way Stations........... 8-2S»
tt.itr Kewarfe. Centerrllle. San Jose.
- Kew Almaden.Lcs Gato«.Fe!ton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations 10.55*
4Atr Newark. San Jose. Loa Onto* and
wny stations (oa Saturday and
Sunday ran* through to Santa
Cms. connects at Pelton for
Bonlder Cre«k. Monday only
from Santa Crart t8-B8»;
HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN *'KA> CISCO, ioot of Market St (Slip n
— r»:iS »:0O 11:00 a.*. 100 300 5.15 r*
Proa OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tS:0O is-»
t3:0S 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad liaa«e>.
(Third and Townsend 8treetaT)
8.10a Ban Jo«e and Way SUtlons 7 ttir
17 C0a San Jote and Way Station* 8.30*
/7 00a KewAlmaden.. jHS
J/.IBa Monterey and Santa, Crns Execr
•Ion (Sunday only) S830»
•8 Ma Co«*t Line Limited— StopsoalySan
Jose.Gilroy.Bol!i«tcr,PaJaro.Ca».
troTllle. Sallnaa, San Ardo. Paso
Koblea. Santa Margarita. San Lola
? iblf po,(piinrlpAl *tatton«thenre>
Santa Barbura. and Los An-
geles. Connection at CastroTHl*
to and from Monterey and Pacific
GroTe and at Pajaro north bound
r\ mmm . _ '"'m Capltola and SantaCrus.... 10.48s
B4Wa San Jc»e. TTea Plnos. Csplto]*, ""
6antaCrni.P«clfleGTOTe.Salinas,
fan Lais Oblspo and Prlscipai
Intermediate Stations 4.1Q»
westboond only. Pacific. Coant Ex-
•rr*».— From Jfew Tork.Chlrapn.
K«t» Orlean*. El Paso. Los An-
,. ,„ _ geles, Santa Barbara. Arrrres.. 1.SC9
J0-|0a Can Jose and Way Station* 1 20»
11 JOa Ean Jo*e, Loa Gatos and Way Su-
¦irS* ! tn Jow'aiifwVj Sutions.IIIl!!" x7 00f
. *.C0p Can Jose acd*v«y Stations 19-40*.
nj.tOM)r| Monte Kxprn**— Santa Clari. ¦*"* —
• tan J(»«-. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Crui. Bonlder
«m- -Creek •ndSarrow Gauge Points) t12.l8>
*i-lur Bnrllnfcame. San Mateo. Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfield.
Honntala View, Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San late, Gl'.roy (conneo-
tltf» for BolllsteT. Tres Plnos),
Pajaro (connection for Waf«on-
vi:ir. Capftola and Sacta Cruz).
Pacific GiOTe and way ttatlcna.
. Ccnnecta at Cistrovir.e for Sa-
*an JoeeaL/wa'y'staVlons!"""! 8.38a
«1»-C0r- 8an Jose. (t1» Santa Clara) Los
Gate*. Wright and Principal Way
StHS 1 " |« n J''»°«ndPfincip;iTi-a*ySutro*n* tloOA
•tS.ifiy 6aaMateo.Bere«ford3elmont.San
Carles, I.vuwnnd, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto.. .Rid
8.J0r> San jou aod W«y Stations .." o ?sl
•JXCr Sunset Limited. E*»tlK»und.— San OOI * A
Lais ObUpo. Sant* Barbara. Lot
Angeies, Pemlnjr. El Pago. >i e w
Orleans. Xrw York. <Westhcund
• _-_-anlTe*Tli«S»i> JcaqufnValley) v*9C>.
8.C0* Palo Alto and Way Stmion«.. NJ ifi
¦11.S9iMUlbrae.ralo Alto and Way St*; '
• 11 3Cr Mnf hVa^'sVa" Jo'sV* a'nd'wm/Tlii t94& *
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
1 Sunday except«d t Sunday only.
• f-« tnnU j only. *
• Connects atGoshen Je. with tralna fur n.*?»~t
1 Stop* tanta Oara south bound cnl» r n «n«-*»
exeept Sunday, for .11 >ctai> Karro^cl-ui 01111 * 1 **
9j>vt% not ttOD at \%i tocla 6u *»•"•»
— : — >
MOUNT TAMALPAiS RA1 LWAY
„ Leave Tu Uaa*Uv> ttrrj \ Arrive
Saa Fran, HAMHutm^ 1 p£n
VVcck Sun- enf itt ' Ci tn _ u/^l"
l:45r 8:OOa \5SSf?k<*CSf l2-->n. t-f>.
!:il:i?;3o A -Jfll;*!*?:
lAtgdayi taty. leaT* hTwYg^Or^^ l'i':3Oy
inZL \ ******"» St^ (North Shore Railroadi
¦mC13 ) and Sausauto FKaay Foot Market St.
\ Where Does It Go? I
; - > • That is a question we are asked every day—- H
' where does the Rock Island System go? The 4
answer is: Pretty nearly everywhere east or -1
the Rockies and west of Chicago. . |
From Denver to Peoria and Chicago. B.
From El Paso to Kansas City and Chicago. JH
. , From Ft. Worth to St. Paul and Minneapolis. |
It is nearly 8,000 miles long; runs through |
fourteen States .and Territories and operates |
the most extensive system of through cars of |
any line crossing the continent. «
Our time table and our folder "Across the Conri- |3
nent in aTourist Sleeping Car'* give rull information; J
at all Southern Pacific tickit otters. * fl
y^v//Yffl|SL F. VV. THOMPSON", General Western Agrnt, jjj
IkSK^^SI T^KmI 6 * 3 Mlrktt Street, San Frar.cisco. 33
See, Salt Lake City
on Your Way East.
\ In many ways it is the most interesting
city on the American Continent. You
may enjoy s visit there if you join a
Burlington Route Personally Conducted
Tourist Party. Thej >ave for the
East three times a week.
Another attraction is the Rocky
Mountains, whose grand panorama
unrolls before your eyes for 700 miles.
Let me tell you about the trip. Drop
me a postal, or call.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
639 Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMFAKY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAKT FBAHCXSCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ;
12:3A, 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. • m. ¦
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
2:30, 3:40. 6:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAFASX. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, «:50, 7:35. 7:50, 0:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50, 7:35. 8:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50, 6:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
? cept Saturdays. • -v. - ¦' • • '
L«ave J In Effect ~j .Arrive
SanFranclgco.l May 3, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- 1 Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a >. 8:40a 8:40a
8;00a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p \ 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p . . . . 6:20 p 7:25 i>
¦ I . 7:25 P
7:30 a 7:30 a : 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Kovato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p -and 7:25 p 7:25 p
¦• . 6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7 :30 a 7 :30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
• Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30a Healdsburg, 10:20 a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30p Gejservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a)10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p) and Uklah. ( 7:25 p( 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllf. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25~p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| ¦ Gnernevllle. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 at Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 at - ' • 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Bebastopol. |7:25pJ6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs;, at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cljver-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. ' Llerly's. Bucknell's. • Sanhtdrln
Heights. HuUvllie. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Ueal; »t Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
tnlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Act.
—— — T0 S^ N RAFAEL ,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted) — 6:4&.
+•7-45 8:45, 8:45. 11 a. m., 12:20, *1:45. 3:13,
4:15. 13-15. »«:15. 6:45. 9. 11:43 p. m.
' 7:45 a. ru. train week daya does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
tS i*9. t*10. 11. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30 t # l:o0.
•»•:»¦ *3:50. 5. «. 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln. Thos«
marked tt) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15' p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM fiAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. J6:25. 7:40. 8:15, i»:33.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. ;3:45, 4:50. 5:30. 6:45,
10:20 p. no.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. iS:10, . 9;4O, $10:53
111:45 -a. m.. 12:60. 2:30. $3:25. 4:40, t3:50.
6:65, 7:35. 10:20 d. m.
Tralna marked ft) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— W*ek days— 5:43. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25
9:45, ll:iaa. m.. 12:40, 2:45, 6:15, 5:10, 7:05.
10:40 p. m. ¦ •
SUNDAYS— 0:S5. 7:35. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 1204
1:05. 2:40. 3:15. 4:55, H: 05. 7:10. 10:40 p m
:..-., •. THROUGH. TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— C'azadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 d. m.. Saturdavs-rCazadero and war
station*.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a." m Caza
deroandway stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m Point
Reyes and way stations. . . _ ,
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market «t.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
lEE&Y CALL
.';¦; : . . : k — — : —
16 Paj^cs. . $1 per YearGeneral Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.7565c: San Quentln
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32&33c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%e. 6%c and 7Vic foi
the three grade*.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Roalyn
$7; Coos Bay. |5 60; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7 30:
Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg $13-
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton-
Coke. $11 50013 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 6O per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 4Sc for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels: cases. 6c more; Castor OH.- In cases
No 1. 70c; Bakers' A A. $1 10@l 12: Lucol 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases 05c-
China Nut. 67%«?62c per gallon; pure NeaU
foot In barrels. 75c; cases. 80c: Sperm pure
70c;' Whale OH. natural white. 6O©55o per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels 45c: cases. SOc; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 63c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c: Astral. 20%c'-
Star. 20%c; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c!
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c; In cases, 23%c: Benzine. In bulk
13c; In cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: In cases. 27%c.
Tun: ENTINK — 70c per gallon In cases and
C4c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6fl
6%c per lb: White Lead. ««?6%c. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2. $4 32%@4 37%; No. 1
$5 7563 90; extra No. 1. $6 4O$« 45; Hawaiian
$4 90«?5; Japan, $5 35@6; Louisiana, $4 50«7
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.75c.
Powdered. 5.e0c; Candy Granulate.!, S.60e;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated,
coarse. 5 50c; Fruit Granuated, 5.00c; Beet
Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.40c; Confec
tioners 1 A. 6.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C
5c; Golden C. 4.90e: "D,"' 4.80c; barrels, 10c
more; half barrels, 20c more; boxes, 50o more;
BO-lb -bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets—
Half-barrels. 6c; boxes. 6.23c per lb. No or
d."-i> taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiv
alent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JULY 22.
Flour, qr sks ....15,273 Screenings, sks .. 1,200
Wheat, ctls .... 9M Wool, bales .... lots
Barley, ctls 8.87S Hay. bales 8lu
Oats, ctls 1.57.' Hides. No 637
Corn. ct)s 352 Pelts. No 1W>
TalloWTctls .... 204 Leather, rolls ... 12
Beans, sks .... 384 Wine, gals 95,100
Potatoes, eks .... 2,719 Sugar, ctla .... 0C0
Bran, sks ...... 420 Onions, sks .... 500
Middlings. Sks .; 3001
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ...ll.lW/Feed. sks 700
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales. «*/ - V» '-
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver continues to fall back, and domestic
Exchange continues ta advance.
Sterling; Exchange, sixty days.. $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 fyj
New York Exchange, sight.... 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic 10
Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Prices of Poultry were unchanged, but the
market was liberally supplied with young fowi
and had an easy tone. Fine large, young
Roosters and ether large, young stock moved
off fairly well, but common and inferior stock
dredged. No more Western stock was received,
but a portion of the car that was marketed on
the preceding day was etlll on hand. Cal
ifornia Hens continued very weak, the West
ern stock, which was offering at easy rates,
beinr preferred. . . . • -,
There were moderate receipts of Game,
mostly Doves, which had a further decline.'
Good, sound Hare and Rabbits sold quickly
at the previously Quoted rates.
POULTRT— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $l 25@1 50-
Ducks. $3®3 50 per dozen for old and $3 50®
4 60 for young; Hens, $4(g5; young Roosters
$6@8; old Roosters. $4®B; Fryers, $3 50®4 30;
Brotlers. $3f$3 50 for large and $2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, tl 50© I 75 per dozen; Hare
$1 25^1 60; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6%©6%e
under 140 lbe. 5Vi<e6c; Sows, 20 per cent ofT;
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, eound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steera, 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7®fec: thin Cows. 4©3c per lb.
CALVES — 4&5%c per lb tirross weight).
HhtSH-^ >lb«», K; Kwes, 3%©3%c per lb
isr'tf weight!.
LAMBS— Spring,' $2 73<g$3 per head.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c; ¦mall, 9@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8fl9c; Ewes. 8©3%e per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 10®10%o per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%@9%o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • -
BEEF — «S7c for Steers and 6©<Jc per lb for
Cows.
DRESSED MEATS.
All descriptions remain as before, though
some sates of Hogs up to 6%c are reported.
Meat Market.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5@5%c per lb;
No. 2. 4®4%c; grease. 2%©3%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 9©
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. lS®20c; Foothill,
defective. 11013c; Nevada. 12@15c; San Joa
quln. defective. Oftllc per lb: Southern. Oft
lie: Valley Oregon, fine. 18319e; do. medium.
16617c; do. coarse, l&glGc; Lambs', 15e per
pound.
HOPS — 17%®20c to growers and 21©22c from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1003, 16%c bid for
the best. The feeling Is steady.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c: light, 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip, 9e: 8alted Veal, 10c: Salteri
Calf. 10%c: dry Hides, 16%c; dry Kip. 14c;
dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c
each; short wool, 40®65o each; medium. 706
90c; long wool. $101 60 each; Horse Hide*,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2 60 for medium, $2
for small and SOc for Colts; Horsa Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 73c; large and smooth. 60c; medium. 33c;
small. 20c.
Hides, Tallow j Wool and Hops.
ONIONS— 5CXS65C per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1<!?1 60 per
sack; crates from A!ameda, $1@2; from
Berkeley. $1 25@l 60; Asparagus, $1©2 25 per
box; Green Peas. 3#4c per lb: String Beans,
2®4c per lb; Wax, 2@4c; Lima Beans, -7@Sc
per lb; Tomatoes, 50c for small boxes and
$1 23igl 50 for large boxr.s from the river:
Summer Squash, 50©75c per box; Cabbage, 75ctis
$1 per ctl; Carrots, 75c@$l per sack; Cucumbers,
20#30c per box for Marysville and SO-gCOc for
bay; Garlic. 2%Sj3c per lb; Dried Peppers. 6c
per lb: Gretn Peppers. 05c@$l per box for Chile
and $1 25S$1 50 for Bell; Green Okra. 658&5c
per box; Egg Plant, $1 25® 1 50 per box.
POTATOES— New White. 70cig$l 50 per ctl
in sacks and 80c@$l 60 in boxes; Early Rose.
75c@$l; Garnet Chiles, $1@1 15; old Burbanks
from Oregon. $1 20@l 50 per ctl.
Receipts of new Potatoes were light and as
offerings were generally of good quality the
market cleaned up quickly at firmer prices.
Sales of fancy flock were reported above the
quotations, eoine desirable lots in boxes sell
ing up to $1 HO per cental. Ths low prices
that prevailed during the past few days have
had the effect of checking the movement ct
cheap and green stock from the river districts.
Old potatoes • were unchanged, with trade of
small volume. Receipts of Onions were com
paratively light, but the market eontinueJ
weak with stocks steadily accumulating.
Trading In vegetables was brisk, but as
receipts were large, prices of most kinds ten
ed downward. Fancy Green Corn was steady
at. full figures, but poor and wormy stock
was in abundant cupply and neglected, hence
the wide range in prices. Green Peppers, Okra
and Egg Plant arrived freely and prices were
shaded. The demand, however, was steady.
Cucumbers in small boxes were practically
unsalable, owing to the abundance and low
prices of large boxes from around the bay.
Lima Beans and Summer Squash were slight
ly firmer. String and Wax Beans were in
free supply and dull except for strictly fancy
offerings. Tomatoes were in heavy receipt and
there was a sharp drop In prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The only thing under this head is that Pink
Beam are reported cleaning up. Other descrip
tions stand about the same. Blackeye are
neglected.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 60®3 70; Pea. $3 25*J
3 60; Butters, $3 23: small White. $3 15ig3 30;
large White, $2 0<>g$3 15; Pink, $2 90@3;
Red, $2 90@3; Lima. $3 43@3 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, $2 50(83 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25<ffl 33.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 00(32; Canary, 5%c
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, I%e2%c;
Timothy, 6@«%c; Hemp. 3^®3%c per lb; Mil
let. 803%c; Broom Corn Seed. $1S@2O per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%o; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
ay;c; five tierces, 9Ue per lb.
Chicago reports conditions unchanged, the
market being weak, with large receipts of Hogs
and a poor cash demand for the product.
This market remains dull at previous prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 13c for light.
15%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured
and - 19c for extra sugar-cured ; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15 %c; California Hams. 14%<Sl5c;
Mess Beef. $11 60912 per bbl ; extra Mess.
f 12@12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mesa Pork.
$19; extra clear. $26; Mess. $20; Dry Salted
Pork. 12%e; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $3 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and 9%{£10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure, l(V^10%c; 10-lb tins. lO%011c; 5-lb
tins. 10%@ll%c; 3-Ib tins, 10%@UVic.
Provisions.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK July 22.— Tin was firm, but a
little lower ir*. London to-day. Spot there closed
at £123 5s. and futures at £120 15s. Locally
tin was dull, closing at $27 25@27 50.
Copper was irregular in London, spot ad
vancing 2s Cd to £56. while futures declined
2s ed to £65. Locally copper was also lower,
lake and electrolytic being quoted at $13 25@
13 50. and casting at $13.
Lead declined 2s ed In London to £11 7s
6d. but was firm In New Tork. closjng at $4 30
«?4 50.
Spelter was unchanged In London at £20 5s
and In New Tork at $5 87%.
Iron closed at 62s 4d In Glasgow and at 46s
10%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was weak
and without further change. . No. 1 foundry
Is quoted at'$18 50@19; No. 2 foundry. North
ern, at $17 60j?18; No. 1 foundry, Southern,
soft, at $17 75@18 25. ....
New York Cotton Market.
I NEW TORK, July 22. — Cotton opened firm at
an advance of 3@7 points. Closed steady 16Q
17 points higher. •
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
20.000. including 1000 Texans. Strong to 10c
Ugher. Good ¦ to prime_ steers, $5 25@5 60:
poor to medium, -.'$4 25@!i 25; stocker* and
feeders. $2 5004 40; cowg, $1 6O®4 60; heifers.
$2 26®5; canners, $1 G0&4; .bulls, $204 30;
calves, $3ffd 40; Texas fed steers, $3 5Q@5 10.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 22,000; to-mor
row, 20,000; left over, 30C0. Mixed and butch.
ers', $5 40®5 70; good to choice heavy, $5 C5<fJ>
5 75; rough heavy, $5 25$?5 CO; light, $5 40©
6 82 % .
SHEEP — Receipts; 18,000. Sheep;- steady tr»
10c higher; lambs opened steady and closed
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 75®1; fair
to choice mixed, $3{jf3 CO; Western sheep, $3 23
®4 25; native Iambs, $3 25©6 40; Western
lambs, $5 50&G.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July 22.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 24(W). Steady to 10c higher. Natives,
$r*. 7505 30; cows and heifers, $1 75@4 65;
stackers and feeders. $2 75i$4 S5.
HOGS — Receipts, 6750. Strong to 6c hlRher.
Lights. *5 32MQ5 46; medium and heavy,
$5 25<g5 37%.
SHEEP— UecclptB. 300; steady.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— Wool steady to firm.
Medium grades, combine and clothlnsr. lS©2°c
llKht fine. lfifflSc; heavy fine,. 12S"15c - tub
washed, 20(g20%c.
London . Wool Sales.
LONDON, July 22.— The fourth series of 1003
wool auction soles closed to-day. Early in the
series all except the better Rrades of greasy
declined fi per cent below the May average
Toward the end these grades were steadier but
the loss was not recovered. Fine strong greasy
crossbreds were always in demand and oc
casionally realized 5 per cent advance Me
dium and coarse at the opening were advanced
7% per eent. and under considerable American
purchases closed 10 per cent higher. Scoureds
sold unevenly, medium bringing 5 n er cent
Elphty thousand bales were taken by the home
trade. 63,CC0 by the Continent and 5000 by
Americans. .
Northern Business.
eEAT , T Jc n *v;? uly S 2 -— Clearings. J771.012; bal
ances. $298,670. ' • •
TACOMA. July 22.— Clearings. $291,136; bal.
ances. $47,6fl2.
PORTLAND. July 22.— Clearings. $433,203;
balanceR, fS7.072.
SPOKANE. July 22.— Clearings. $323,445;
balances. $34,764.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat' Market.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. July 22.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 77678c; blue stem, SOc; valley, 80c.
TACOMA. July 22.— WHEAT— Steady blue
stem. 82c; club. 78c.
CoJusa SI 55 ... Clear :.
Eureka CO 64 ... Clear W Lt
Fresno 90 66 ... Clear W L:
Hanford 90 63 ... Clear
Holllster 77 M ... Clear
Independence . . SS 72 ... Clear BE 1C
King City 82 48 ... Clear
Llverraore 73 52 Cleats
Los Angeles 80 48 ... Clear W 10
Napa 75 50 ... Clear SW ..
Newman »1 81 ... Clear
Palermo S4 82 ... Clear S
Portervtlle 91 60 ... Clear NW ..
Red Bluff 82 6S ... Clear 8E 8
Riverside 91 62 ... Clear
Sacramento 76 62 ... Clear S 14
San Diego 72 60 ... Clear NW 12
Pan Francisco.. «4 63 ... Clear W Is
San Jose 72 65 ... Clear
8. L. Oblspo 68 4« ... Clear W 14
Santa Maria 72 4S ... Clear W
Santa Rosa 73 60 ... Clear ....
Stockton 75 58 ... Clear
Willows 82 54 ... Pt.Cldy S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Holster— Hay crop better than estimated,
excellent quality.
Hanford — Continued cool weather unfavorable
for grapes. Other cror>« rood.
LIvermore — Haying all finished.
Cloverdale — Apricot crop nearly .gathered.
Santa Maria— -Grain threshing now averages
nearly 10.000 sacks daily.
Stockton— Fruit cutting and drying at a
standstill owing to cool weather.
N«pa — Peaches ripening; light crop.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions favorable.
Palermo — Orange trees putting on luxuriant
growth. Oranre crop looks well.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
Amer S & Ref.... 2,100 43% 42% 42%
Amer 8 St. Ref pfd 1,300 91 90% 90
Amer Sugar Ref... 4,700 116 113% 114%
Anaconda Mln Co. 700 78 77% 77%
Brooklyn R Transit 12.600 48% 45% 47%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.100 61% 49% 48
Col & Hock Coal.. 700 14% 13% 14U
Cons Gaa 1,600 187 185% 185%
•Gen Electric 900 164% 163 163
Inter Paper 2,500 13 12% 13
Inter Paper pfd. 66%
Inter Pump 200 38% 36 37
Inter Pump pfd. .... .... 75
Nat Biscuit 300 37% 37 "37
Nat Lead ».. 600 15% 15% 15%
North Aratt 1,400 83% 80 82%
Pacific Mall 1,100 22% 21% 21%
People's Gas 8,100 96% 93% 95%
Pressed Steel Car. 900 46% 45% 45%
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 85 84% 84%
Pullman Pal Car.. 201
Republic Steel 1.200 12% 12 V4 12%
Republic Steel pfd. 2,400 70 67 69%
Rubber Goods 1.400 21% 10% 21
Rubber Goods pfd. 74%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 8.000 44 - 41% 42
U S Leather 3.200 7% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd.. 400 82% 80% 82
U S Rubber .. 600 12 12 , ¦ 11%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 47 47 47
U S Steel 112.900 24% 22% 23
U S Steel pfd 49,600 72% 70% 71%
Western Union ... 300 83% 83 83
Total sales ...729.100
NEW TORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg...lO6% L & N unlf 4b... PS»4
Do coup 106** Mexican C^n 4e..;72
Do 3s reg 107 s ); Do 1st lne .... 20
Do coup lOS'i Minn & St L 4s.. 03%
Do new 4s reg. 134% M K & T 4*.....' 96%
Do coup 135% Do 2ds «. 78
Do old 4 S reg.. Ill N Y Cen ren 3%s 86%
Do coup Ill N J Cen gen 5s.. 127
Do 5s reg 101% Northern Pac 4s. 100%
Do coup 103 Do 3s 71%
Atchison <«n 4e. S0»4 l Norf A W rcn 4s. l>3
Do adjust 4s... P7% Reading gen 4s.. 94%
Dalt & Ohio 4s..l00!>i Pt LAI M con 5s.Hl
Do 3%s 01% St L & S F 4s.. 90%
Do conv 4s ...100 St L S W lsts... »1
Can South 2d»...10G Do 2ds 74
Central of Ga 6S.103U San A & A P 4s. 77
Do 1st lne .... 71 Southern Pac 4s.. 65U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% Southern Ry 5s.. 113 .
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74% Texas A P lets. 114
C B & Q n*w 4s. 89% Tol fit L &-. W 4s. 74
C M&StP zen 4S.107S Union Pac 4s... 89%
C & N W con 7s. 130% Do conv 4s ... 03%
C R I & P 4s 100 Wabash lsts 114«4
CCC&St L iten Js. 96 Do 2ds 106%
Chi Terminal 4s. 73 Do Deb B 63
Colo & South 4s. 87 West Shore 4s ..1O7V4
Denver i R G 4s. 07% W & L E 4s ... 83%
Erie prior lien 4s. 07 Wiscon Cen 4s,.. 87
. Do gen 4s 82 Con Tobacco .... 57%
Ft W g. D C lit. 104% C F & I 81
Hocking Val 4%s.l04%:Rock I*land .... 77
Pennsylvania 05 |U S Steel 88%
Manhattan 09%:
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief Oft
Alice 18 Ontario 6 50
Hreece 15 Ophir 130
Brunswick Con ... 05 Phoenix OS
Ccmstock Tunnel.. 07|Potosl 20
ron Cal &. Va...l 25jfiavage 14
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... W)
Iron Silver 1 65 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllie Con 05'Standard 2 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westing Com ... 85
Call loans Sff4 Mining —
Time loans 6®6 Adventure 5%
. Bonds — Alloucx 4*fc
Atchiton 4s °8U Amalgamated ... 45%
M*x Central 4s... 73 ningham 23
Railroads— Calumet A: Hecla.425
Atehi3on 64% Centennial 15%
. Do pf<i SS%I Copper Range ... 4«%
Boston & Albany. 245 ] Dominion Coal .. 95
Boston & Maine. .170 Franklin 7
Boston Elev 137 Isle Royale 6U
St Y. N H & H...1«5Vj Mohawk 36%
Fltchburg pfd 131 jOsceola 40
I'nion Pacific 76%! Parrot 18
Mex Central lD%Ouincy 06
Miscellaneous — I Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Sugar 11<H Tamarack 60
Da pfd HS»i Trlmountaln 83
Amer Tel & Tel.. 131 H Trinity 4\»
IVm Iron & Steel. 14% United States 18%
Miim Eleetrtc ... 21% Utah 24U
A) pfd SO Victoria .1
T'nlted Fruit 100% Winona 7%
U S Steel 23 Wolverine 62%
Do pfd 71
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cors for mon«"y.ft2 N J Central ....122%
Con for account. 92 1-10 Norfolk & West. 64%
Anaconda 4% Do pfd 01
Atchison f>0 7 « Ontario & We*t. 23%
Do pfd 01 Vi Pennsylvania 62%
Bait & Ohio - 80 Rand Mines 10%
Canadian Pacific. 126% Reading 2JH1
Chesap & Ohio... 34% Do 1st ?M 42
Chicago G W 17 Do 2d pfd .... 35
<hl Mil & St P.. 145% Southern. Ry 22U
DeBeers 20% Do pfd fc8%
Denver & Rio G. 25$i I Southern Pacific.. 4«S,
Do pfd f<l% Union Pacific . . . 7»
Erie 31 Do pfd S5%
Do 1st oM 63 US Steel 28%-
Do 2d pfd .... 63 Do pfd 74*i
Illinois Central ..134 Wabtsh 22%
Louis &. Nash ...10R% Do pfd 39
Mo Kan & Tex.. 20%
Far sliver quiet at 25%d per ounce. Money
l\i«m P^r cent. The rate of discbunt In the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent and
for three months' bills Is 2% per cent.
Wall-Street Stocks
fAHTIAI, EXPLANATION OF THE RECENT
MYSTERIOUS DECLINE.
TJse ICew Tork dnruJar of Henry Clews, on-
Cer fiate July 16. saye: "Another weak of heavy
end mysterious liquidation has taken place.
Further leases were ft course Incurred, and
ruTnere of embarrassment were more or les*
current, which invest lration proved to have
little foundation, for the reason that Injuries
have fallen upon the strong rather than upon
tije m-eek. There was not much in the way of
new explanations for the decline. The old
reactionary forces, though still at work, seem
ed to hav» tfajporarily exhausted themselves.
UT.tll tne bear contingent, encouraged hy past
success discovered fresh point* of weakness
that yielded to attack. As a result of the Ut
ter operations prices ajraln touched the !owe*t
roir.t in the present movement, end good rup-
P'-Tt was entirely lacking at time*, except
vhen symrtotne seemed panicky. Whenever
panic, however, •eemed Imminent it was ob
tei-x'ed th* decline was stopried, and In high
financial cl-cle« the absence of concern at the
market's r>T«tions was very noticeable. An
other *!r.gular feature was that tbe decline*
were Just as severe In h1ph-c!ass pecurltie* a*
in thoee of Indifferent character, and the sell
ing of these could not always be attributed to
l:qul£arion cf weak accounts or to short ealee.
To be brl«-f. a new element was discovered in
fluencing the market, and that was the money
situation.
"IistsfiiH quantities of railroad paper are
In the. market, the Mg railroad* being borrow
ers In th!» form to an altogether unprecedented
degree. Pennsylvania'* heavy borrowings will
roon ceaee to be a factor in the money market,
that corporation havlrg been more successful
thar. other* in changing its loans into fixed cap
ital, but Lake Ehore. New York Central. Hock
lr.K Valley. Burllngtcn end finally Union Pa
cific have all been, or will be. heavy borrowers
within a ehort period of time. To what extent
ether ro«As are lncreastne tbeir floating debt
is cot known, but it ts considerable. These
*un<Is are. usually, imperatively needed for lm-
Vrovemer.u to meet the urgent demands of
(rrowir.g traffic. As a rule these proposed ex
penditures are necessary and Justifiable: they
ere the natural demands cf growth. But in
the rre*ent congested state of the security
rr.arket It is impossible to market any such
eraourts cf new stocks and bonds as would
cover these outlays except at unnecessary *ae
rlSces. It is better f.nar.ring to borrow money
for such Improvements rn nctes, even at 6 per
cer.t. for one or two year*, and issue bends or
rtocks at a later and more convenient opportu
r.lty. If issued now. sucrh securities would
either have to be offered below par or pay
more rearly the ordinarj' rate of Interest.
"It Is quite evlrtent that far-eighted finan
cier* anticipate good rates for money for some
time to come. A year a^o gwl stocks were
relling en a 4 per cer.t basie and bonds on a
£63% barls. .Mor.ey at 6 per cf»r.t means a
very' contlderable fall in such recuritles. and
this ha« been more of a factcr In the last
decline than is generally recognized. Wealthy
Inrtttutloni' have sold considerable of their (rtlt
e«g» rtock* In order to t»ke the new offerings
cf railroad paper, which are an even «afer In.
¦*-e*trnect and yield better returns. • Eorne of
thi* selling was. of course, supposed to 'be
further forced liquidation, and it w»e this
¦untferrtandlnB: of the rnovement that explained
the comparative ahsenre of <3irtru*t In bank
'ng circles. Indication* are that the worst of
the decline is over, and the market eeems fully
?ntltled to a fair raily, but it Is net T**t clear
that the readjustment is complete. Some weak
ppot* remain, and the higher rates for monev
feera likely to put a further restraint upon
rpe<rulatlve end unsound enterprises. Briefly
vtatei*, Wall street hac used up all its available
capital Jn promoting and underwriting schemes.
and now that the legitimate demand* of busi
ness and Ir.durtry apsert themselves, the market
If obliged to wrl«rle out of lt» predicament In
the best fashion that it can. Our troubles thu*
far ere strictly financial. Whether they are
«>nfled. end whether they will extend to general
business cr not. It is altogether too premature
to say.
"A favorable feature of much significance if
the foreign buying of our eecuritiee, as well
tF the disposition of Europe to renew our cred
its abroad after the prompt payments made last
rrirlng. It is probafcle that nonrtderable of the
rallmafl borrowing* referred to above will be
jlaced abroad, and these two influences have
c!rea<5y lnCuced a heavy break In sterling,
which put* en end to all roid exports for the
r>r*wnt- Evidently we eha!l be obliged to look
to Europe for relief in case of monetary strtn
crency. and fortunately it Eeercs likely to be
available. As eald above, the wor»t of the de
cline' seems to be over, and the best ctockr
ehould be a purchase on the scale downward. "•
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. July 22—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Cash quotations were as follows: •"-•
Flour. . steady: No. 2 red wheat. 75©76%c:
No. 2 corn. 49%c: No. 2 yellow. 60%c; NoT 2
white/ 39%c: No. 3 whjte. 38c: No. 2 rye 49%
©53cf good feeding barley, 42c; fair to choice
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, old 76% 76% 75 . 715%
July, new 76 76 75% 751?
Sept , old ..... . 76% 76% T 5»i 75^
Sept. new ..... 76% 76$ 76% ' 75«
Corn No. 2—
July •? 80 80 - 49% ' 40%
September..... ' 50% 60% 49%. 40 £
Decemb-r 499, 49% 48% 48%
Oats No. 2— ¦ ™
May 35% • 35% ; 85 8i
July •• 37% . 38 37% 30
September S2% 83% 32% 32%
December ..... 33% 33% f - s 33% 83%
Msss Pork, per barrel— , ™
September 14 30 14 35 14 18 14 25
Lard per 100 pounds—
September ..... 7 00 8 02% 7 90 7 07%
October 7 «5 7 72% 7 65 7 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
September ..... 8 40 8 40 8 32% g 37%
October 8 12% 8 15 8 07% 8 15
CHICAGO. July 22.— The effect of yester
day's bullish Government crop report stimu
lated the opening In wheat and caused some
early strength. September was a shade lower
to a shade higher at 76%@70?4c and sold up
quickly to 7C%c. . Gn the advance, howtver,
the pit traders sold freely and support was
lacking. The result was an easing off ni
prices, which was furthered later In the session
by the unloading of long lines and by. selling
orders from fit. Louis. September went down
to 759ic where commission houses checked the
decline and carried the price back'%i3%,c.
the closing figures being 75%@75%c.
There was a good country ana oommirslnn
hou«e demand for corn early on increasing re
port s cf uneven crop and the market' showed
strength. September closed steady with a losj
of %c at 49%c. after ranging . between 40%c
and 50%c.
Trade In oats was largely local and prices
were somewhat better. A continued support
by local bulls on unfavorable crop advices
saved the market from a severe break and the
close wu at a gain of %c for September at
32^<&32%e. with a range for the day from
32%c to 33%e.
Provisions were strong, due to fair local
buying and an absence of outside liquidation,
together with a better feeling In hogs. Trad-
Ing was rather quiet and featureless. Septem
ber pork closed unchanged, lard 10&12%c
higher and ribs up a shade. ,.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
. EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and prices without material change. Com
mon are quoted at 4@5%c: prime. fi-XflOc;
choice. 6*4 ©C%c. and fancy at C%«f7%c.
PRUNES — Continue to attract a fair Jobbing
d(*rnand and the larger ei»es show flrmnesn,
though prices are unchanged, ranging from 3c
to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Continue In moderate demand
from Jobbing and rule steady to firm. Choice,
7*/.«JKVCc. and fancy. 10(S12%c.
'pKACHES — Are steady. Choice are still hela
at 7©T^c and fancy at 8©10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, July 22— FLOUR— Receipts,
14.700 barrels; exports, S490 barrels. Market
unsettled. cloMng easy.
WHEAT— Receipts. 41.350 busheln. Spot easy
No. 2 red, 80%c elevator, and 80%c f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba. 01c f. o. b: afloat.
Options opened steady and -were generally very
firm all the forenoon on cables, adverse crop
reports, small winter receipts and covering.
Later bears attacked the market with success,
forcing out con* iderable long wheat and a
iharp decline in prices followed, with the close
%c net lower. No. 2 red. July, cloted at 80*ic-
September. feO%c; December, t>O%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL— Firm. '
PETROLEUM— Steady. . .
MOLAFSES — Firm.
COFFEE— Firm. Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 In
voice, 5%c. Mild easy. Tho market for coffee
futures closed steady, unchanged to an ad
vance of 5 DOinU. Total sales. 0025 bags, in
cluding July at 3.65c; September. 3. 75®3.S0c;
October, 3.fe5c; December. 4.20@4.25c. and May
4.55c. -
SUGAR— Raw firm. Fair refining, 3 3-16c:
centrifugal. 0<> test. 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar.
2 ll-16c. Refined was firm.
New York. Grain and Produce.
1 ii ilif u i
STATIONS. 5 g3/ i*l s I ¦ £
• . ': I I '¦¦ : ?
B«ker 23.70 02 CO FW Clear loo
Onw 29.80 78 44 FW Cl^ar .00
Eureka. 30.06 W 51 W Oloudy .00
Fresno 23.88 90 GC W Clear .CO
rjagstaff Z9.SS 7« 64 SE Cloudy .7S
Independence .29.74 R8 72 EE Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.06 £0 66 W Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpais.30.04 60 46 W - Clear T.
Xorth Head f>6
Fttoenix 29.72 104 70 W CIt-ar - .10
Pocatelio 29.86 M 60 E Cluudy .01
Portland 23.04 72 C« E Cloudy .00
Point Reyes... 30. 00 M C2 W Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.B0 « C8 EE Clear .00
Ro*»burr 29.08 72 4^ SW Clear .00
Facramento ..29.94 76 £2 S Clear .00
fialt Leke 29.86 00 70 S Cloudy .00
San Franclaco.20.04 W {2 W Clear .00
«. L. Cbispo. .30.06 08 « W Cl«ar .00
Ban Diego 29 .©4 72 «0 NTV f:lear .00
fc»att> 29.02 70 Sfi S!" Cluudjr .00
¦fpokane 2».6S M «2 W TUin T.
Tatooth ..29.94 «0 C2 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Wa!la..2».7O M M FE Otar .02
Tv"is.n«niucca. .29.70 00 64 \V Clear .00
. Tuma 29.70 106 80 ;.W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A marked depression overlies Nevada and
KaMern Oregon. Thunder etorms *rt reported
et Spokane, Wall* Walla. Boise. Modena and
Flagstaff. High winds »n reported at Boise,
winnemucca, Carson Cltjr, Independence and
Mofleca.
Raln continues In Northern Arizona and i
.Footbern Utah. The temperature has fallen
•10 ilerreei or more over the greater portion of
Washington and Oregon. In California the
weather continues relatively cool, »ith after
noon temperatures in the great valley ; not
above 00 6ezree».
Forecart made at San Francisco Icr thirty
hours ending at midnight, July 23:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday, prob
ably ehowers In the foothills and mountains:
freeh southerly winds in the Interior: brisk
merterly »-!nc"« on tbe coact.
Southern California— Fair on the coast
Thursday, showers in the mountains; fresh
•outhwest wind*.
Nevada— Clcudy end on«ettled weatber
Thursday, probably ehom-ers. cooler, brick to
btgb Boutheriy winds.
Can Praartbft) and vicinity— Clou«y Tburs-
Oiy. freib south wet t wind
ALEXANDER O McADIB.
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
.Tor the tw«sty-four hours ending 5 p. ra.,
J20th meriaian time, Kan Franciaeo, July 22:
' K K ~ 2 O <
sgss «¦? ?• el oi
"ZeUS os |o S? o.q
ETATioxa. 51 |b §-. r . p . :
c c S 1^. Z"~: ; ?• * **
j j il : : :
Cloverflal* ..... 61 W ... dear
-EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. July 22.— Th« price lev#l of
securities made ecme recovery to-day In a:i
irregular market. Th« opening rise met re
newed selling, especially in the United Stare"
Steel stocks, which caused a wavering In the
whole list. With a relaxation of the urgent
pressure upon these stocks the market took on
a better tone and started more steadily up
ward. There were occasional slight reactions,
but the trading fell away to nominal propor
tions at the recessions until the last hour of
the session. At the time the market paused
for a time and then turned downward on a
growing x-olume of selling and closed easy.
The principal active stocks had bten lifted
from 2 to 3 points over last night's close an.l
the reaction left them not more than' half
of the extreme gain?. The upward movement
of rrices was accompanied fcy as little news
as the recent eevere declines but the pres
surt. to sell was not felt, and a partial re
bound was normal. The demand from the
ehorts ww an important element in. the buy
* «". n as a matter of course, after so violent a
decline as that which has been occurring. No
other .inducement to cover shorts was needed
than the failure to dislodge stocks with the
recent curtotnarv ease. The alarming rumor.*
of financial difficulties which were numerous
yerterday all failed of corroboration to-day and
this f jrm«d a negative influence on the buy inn
eide of the market. Some of the commlnlon
houses profetu. to have some buying orders of
an investment character. Theee were not In
large amounts and they did not follow the
market far on any advances.. The rise in the
<Jlvldend rat* on Erie first preferred from a 3
to a 4 p*r cent basis hade Itself felt to sonv
extent In the market. Many past hop<s of divi
<Jend increases, raised by the large surplus
earnings rer>orted by various railroad compa
nies, have been held in abeyance «lnce the
period of putting surplus earnings back Into
Improvements, and sometimes in addition issu
ing bonds fir additional improvement funds.
Some of the high prices of last year In stocks
were based upon probable dividend tncreanes,
which were confidently counted upon and com
paratively few of which were realized. The
Erie Increase •« the first Incident to revive any
hope that some of these expectations may b<«
realized later. In epite o f the prevalent com
petition for ready funds among railroad cor
porations. The early strength In the grain
mtrket was logically against stocks but It
was Ignored, and the late reaction in grain fail
ed equally to ho!4 stocks at the top level
There was a notable falling off in the num
ber of inactive stocks to show wide declines
on the marketing of small blocks. Colorado
Fuel preferred was the only notable example
100 shares of that stock selling 2 points lower
than the last preceding sale.
The active bond Issue* were firmer but the
market was Irregular. Total sales, par value
$2,175,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 62.900 €5% 64U fuv,
Atchiion pfd 2,000 89 8S B9U
Ealto A Ohio 21,500 84 82H 62%
Ealto & Ohio pfd. 200 91% 91% 91
Canadian Pacific .. 6,400 124 J21 1 ? 122 -
Central of N J 100 163 1(53 ' 159
Ches & Ohio 3,300 34 32« 3314
Chicago & Alton... 800 24'$ 24 24ii
Chi & Alton pfd.. 700 66 esif. 63U
Chicago A G W... 3,300 16% 16-ji 16H
Chi & G W B pfd. . " «5
Chicago &NW.. 2,300 16414 1C2 ie2li
Chicago Term & T. 600 11 U 10U 111?
Chi T A T pfd 800 20»i 20 "0
C C C A St Louis. 1.0H0 77% 73H 76
Colo Southern .... 2,100 14 1314 ijii
Colo So l*t pfd ... 200 62 61 61 2
Colo So 2d pfd 000 22$4 r» 2">
Dei A Hudson ... 1.400 168 , 168 ieo*i
Del Lack AW 100 240 240 23S
Denver A R G .... 400 25% 24>4 24«4
Derver A R G pfd. 500 73V4 79U 79
Erie 28,000 20", 29*4 80
Erie 1st pfd 17.800 6SU C8% fi7U
Erie 2d pfd L300 61fc SO 50%
Great Nor pfd 175
Hocking Valley ;* 37
Hocking Val pfd .... gg
Illinois Central ... 2.BO0 131 • 12U1L r-mW
Iowa Central 600 22 -22 °l»i
Iowa Centra! pfd .. 1.100 37 Mi 36 37
Kansas City So ... 400 22% 22 ' 21%
Kansas C So pfd .... <lfl% :
Louis & Nash ... fl.600 107 I06U 10<!»i
Manhattan L fi.700 133 13194 ¦ JS3
Metropolitan 6t Ry 1.C00 117% li« liflw
Minn A St Louis. '••...". 74
Missouri Pacific .. 14, MX) Oft 9794 87**
Mo Kan A Texas.. 700 2014 iota '-ail
Mo K A T pfJ 1.200 4QV4 88 «T 31 U
Nat R It cf Mex." ...'* 19* 3
Nat R R Mex pfd. ausz
N T Central 11.900 119% 118 ' ngu
Nor A Western .. 3,000 63H 62 tt n\xL
Nor & West pfd .. 8 ,*
Ontario A Western 3.600 23% 22% 2*»T6
Pennsylvania 30.000 122% 120% l"iu
Pitts C C A St L ..;* 68
Reading 67.800 61 49 49«
Re&dlng 1st pfd .. 700 SI SOU 80
Reading 2d pfd ._ 100 C7% mu. £fu
Riick Island Co ... 28.200 26 25 25&
Rock Island Co pfd 800 ' 65% 64 64«?
Bt L A 8 F r/)'*
St L it 8 F 1st Pfd ...'. 78
6 L A S F 2d pfd. 1,000 62 49s; j.0
Ft Louis S W S00 15 Hi! uv
6t L. S W pfd.... 400 33% 33 3*2
IJMpVd-:::::: 3 ?: 5 ? 0 " 2 * M1 * ><$
Southern Pacific .. 11.B00 46% 4i"'l ««
Southern Ry 6,200 22 21% 21V4
Southern Ry pfd .. 1.700 • 8« 85 ¦'. 85
Texas A Pacific .. 4,600 26% 25T4 '26tt
Tol 6t L A Went. 2,600 20% 20 20
Tol 8t L A W pfd. 400 '30% 28% 28U
Union Pacific .... 27.800 77% 75% t22
Union Pacific pfd. . .".... 83
Wabash l.»00 22% 21« 22
Wabasb pfd 3.000 39 37S ag
Wheel A L Erie. 100 18% 18% i|
Wls Central 1.100 17% 16% - J?u
WU Cen Pfd 600 28% 87% 38*
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American .?.. ./.. 175
United States .... .... joo
Wells-Fargo 155
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 38,300 46%' 45% 45V
Amer Car A F 2,000 34% 33%- 33U
Atner Car A F pfd. 85if
Amer L Oil 100 10 10 0%
Amer L Oil pfd... 400 32% 30% 81%
Amer Loco 2.400 18Vi 17# \ 7 S
Amer Loco pfd.... 1.600 " 87 82 85
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7C8c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, SJjc; Peaches, 4Vj@6c for
fair to good stock; Pears, nominal at 7c. '
OLD . FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c:
sun-dried. 3@4c; Teac/ies, 4Q5Hc; Pears. 4Q
4?4c for quarters and 5gtji4c for halves; Nec
tarines, 4@Sc for white; Plums. 4§(5c for pitted
and l£l%c for unpltted; Figs. 3%&4c for black
and 4fi6c for white.
PRUNES— Itfua crop. 2%®2%c for the four
sizes, with Vi@lc premium for the large rlzes.
RAISINS— 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes, 5Vic per
lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 6c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5 I 4c; 2-crown London Layer*. 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-1 b boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 60; 6-crown Imperial*.
20-lb boxes, $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softahell. 12^ftl3c;
No. 2, 10>6@ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. Ilft012c;
No. 2, lOBlo^c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10H®llc for I X L. 10©10Hc for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8@8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5 ©7c
for Eastern; Pecans, llG13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50
®5.
. HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. B%@6c; light amber extract?
ed, 5g.">fte; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins Jloney
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 2% 6 2%
Closing • 8 3 6 2%
PARIS. .
Wheat — . July.. Nov.Feb.
Opening 24 W 22 10
Closing 24 90 22 15
Floui" — . ' '
Opening ..3100 29 85
Closing ,32 00 29 00
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Local dealers report & very fine interior and
city demand for Hay, and says that the con
sumers are making the market more than
for years back. They say that the present
firmness is not at all due to speculation, but
to a genuine demand for the goods. The feel
ing is firm at the advance already noted. The
circular of Somers A Co. says: -
'"Hay continues to come in quite freely, the
total for -the week Just ended amounting to
3600 tons, one-quarter of which arrived by
water. Although cars are a bit more plenti
ful, still we are not yet getting the Hay that
is awaiting transportation at the principal
shipping centers.
" The market Is In rather a disturbed con
dition, for buyers and pellers are considerably
apart in their ideas of values. It Is generally
conceded that the State has a fair crop, but
the outside demand is so heavy that gradually
quite a portion of the crop In the country ts
being bought up for shipment elsewhere. This
has stimulated the buying on the part of the
San Francisco dealers and many of them In
their eagerness have paid considerably above
the present market here. Just how they will
come out on thia remains to be seen, although
we* Incline to the opinion that as many sec
tions of country close at hand will be In the
market for hay throughout the season, this
alone, will tend to keep prices up to a high
range throughout the year. Some look for
lower prices before the rains, while others
prophecy very high figures during the Winter.
One thing we do know, and that le that quits
a bit of the crop is being bought. up at high
prices, and to enable the purchasers to come
out the market must rule at considerably above
the present price list.
"Some choice grades of hay are selling a bit
above present quotations, but matters are
irather quiet with most kinds."
• Feedstuffs continue firm, but- prices show
no change.
BRAN— $24 60025 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24@26 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22©23 per
ton; ¦ Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60;
Jobbing. $27027 60; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21.
Corn Meal, $27 50@28 60; Cracked Corn. $28 60
©29 60; Mixed Feed. , $22®23; Horse Beans,
$30 per ton.
NEW HAY — Wheat, $12@14; Wheat and
Oat, $11@13; Oat. $10@12 60; Barley, $8 60@ll;
Clover, $8@10; Stock, $800; Alfalfa, $8@10 per
ton.
STRAW— 35©60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local securities still inactive.
IVall-strect stocks firmer on the day.
Silver a fraction off. Domestic Exchange still higher.
Wheat futures fall back a little. Barky uncJuinged.
Oats and Rye quiet and featureless. Corn still scarce.
Large consumptive demand for Hay at firm prices.
Bran and Middlings firm at previous quotations.
Net much variation in Beans and Seeds.
Butter unsettled. Cheese and Eggs quiet and unchanged.
Xo further change in Dried Fruits.
Provisions still reported quiet and iveak.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs uncJianged.
Potatoes in lighter receipt and firmer. Onions -weak.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Deciduous Fruits in good supply. Bananas plentiful.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creameries. 17%®19^c:
Dairies 15H@18c. Eggs, easy; at mark, cases
Included. 11013c Cheese, firm, 10@ll%c.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
become effective on August steamers. - This is
particularly true of Japan." / "
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 400
4 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 309
4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 70@4 per
bbl for Family and $3 70®4 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 23; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4<&4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 505; 4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $0 7.V38 CO; In sacks, $6 23@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $S CO; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas, (3 CO per 100 lbs.
malting 48@50e: No." 1 flax seed 00c; No. 1
Northwestern. 95 14 c; prime timothy seed.
$2 85; mess pork; per barrel. $14 05©14 10;
lard, per 100 pounds. $7 77}4©7.80; B h O rt ribs
sidec (loose). $8 12H&8 30; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). VA@~%c; short clear sides
(boxed). 8%©8%c; clover, contract grade. $12
©12 60. ' " ¦ -¦
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 32,316 11,057
Wheat, bushels 03.325 , 114,260
Corn bushels .. v ....201,100 2S1.700
Oats' bushels ...535.050 61.01(5
Rye.' bushels 19.050
Barley, bushels • 40,600 .......
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 60®
360 per box; Seedlings. $1©1 23; Valencia*.
$1 50@3; Bt. Michaels, $293: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25@l 50; Lemons. 75c£$l for stand
ard. $1 25® 1 75 for choice and $2®2 75 for
fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@1 25; Mexican Limes.
$4 BOg5 60; Bananas. $1 60®2 80 per bunch for
Central American and 75c®$l 60 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $1 50#2 50 per dozen.
PRUNES— Tragedy, 400500 per crate and
35©40c per basket.
NECTARINES — 608850 per box or crate.
APRICOTS— 50® 75c per box or crate; to can
ners. *20<B30 per ton.
PEACHES— 30365c per box; baskets from the
river, 50©83c
MKLOXS— Cantaloupes from Coachella. $1 25
©1 75 per crate; from Bakersfleld, $1 25Q1 75;
trom Winters.^ $1 75@2: Nutmeg Melons from
the river. SI 25® I 60 per box; Watermelons.
$5@2O per hundred.
GRAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Vaca
ville. $1 60 per crate; other varieties. COc@$l
Per crate.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. July 22—2 p. nx
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
<s qr coup.. — 111*4 4s q c (new).135%X3«Vi
is qr reg...m 1U>, U qr coud..10SU103
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala. A W 3s. — i_ r> o 5a — —
Bay CPC 5*. — 105% Do con 5s.. 100 105
CCO4E..- 107% Ok V/ C go*. — 100
Cal O &. K g Oceanic SC5a — S3
m and ctSs — — cm C R 6s.. 124 123
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pac G Imp4s £K$ —
C C Wat fis. — 105 P E Ry 5s.. 108% —
E1L4P «s.12S — P&CRCa. — —
PC] R 6a...ll6% — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st e».116% —
H CAS 5%».1C2% — £> E G&R5*. — 104
C H & S 5j. — ICO SF & SJV59. — 120%
Hon R T «s. — 1C8 S R of C Cs.110^4112^
L A Elec 3^. — — S P of A fa
L A Ry os. — 11BW (l»T0) 10714 —
L A L C «s. — — (1910) lOSVa —
Do gtd Gs. — — S P of C 6s-
Do gtd Bs.lOG — (lOWrtSr A.105%104
LAP lem .-1s.laT4in.iij <10fl5)Sr U. — 105V«
Mkt-st C iTs.122 123 (19O6> .... — 107
Do lem Si. — 118% U912) 117H11S
N R of C fs. — 109 S P C lcgSa.l2OVa —
Do 69 — 121 Do stmpd.108 —
N P C RRfla — 108H S P B R Us. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 114%iS V Wat ->i.lO«\41O7\i
N C P C 59.100 — I Do 4s 2dm.l00Vi —
N S H 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3<lm. — WOK
O Q L H fts.110 — Stkn GAB 6« — 101
Oak T Cs — 122 U G & E 3s. 103 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coata 6* 61 |Port Costa... «54 OT^i
Marin Co .. 60% — ISpring Vol.. S3*4 88^
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 4*i B»4 Sac E G & R 39 —
Eqult Gas .. 4S5 SFO&E.87 88
Mutual E L. 12% 13 S F Gas 3 3'i
Pac G Imp. B2V* K% Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 65 67 U O & E... 3»4 —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. «6 67 /
I'tZ'i INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.323 — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.123 — Lon P & A.183 —
Anglo-Cal ..94 — Mer Trust... 20T> 250
Bank of Cal. — 675 Mercb Ex .. S3 73
C S D A T.142ttie0 S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— 2375 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL — — Sec Sav Bk.400 BOO
Mut S Bank. 65 — Union T Co.2150 —
8 F Sav U.60O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 209 (Presidio .... — 43
Geary — 60 J
POvV DER.
Giant ...... — 72%/Vlgorit 4% 6^i
SUGAR.
liana P Co.. 05c 25ciKUauea S C — 8
Hawaiian C. 44 43 Makawell S. — 24
Honokaa S C 12*; — Onomea S C. 32% 23
Hutch S P C 14 Vi 15 Ipaauhau S C 13 16 4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.1501^151 Oceanic S Co 7 •—
Cal Fruit As. t>Q\ — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 00 Pac C Borx.l6i> —
Morning Session.
Board —
S Oceanic Steamship Co 7 73
40 Spring Valley Water 86 0O
Street—
33 Callfornia-st Cable Bonds 200 00
$2000 Market-st Cable tia Bonds 123 00
JlCOO S F & S J V Bonds 120 30
Afternoon Session.
Braril —
20 Mutual Electric Light 12 624
Street —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 130 50
10 Spring Valley Water. S8 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stock— Bid. Aaked.
Caribou Oil Co 83
Four Ooll 71
Hanford Oil 120 CO 124 0O
Home Oil 3 00 3 05
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil IT 13
Junction Oil 21 22
Kern Oil 5 00 3 25
Lion Oil 05 00
Monte Crlsto OH 03 1 00
Monarch Oil 53 53
Oil City Petroleum 30 32
Peerless Oil 14 CO
R*ed Crude Oil
San Joaqum Oil 5 73 ....
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twemy-Klght Oil 5 00
Union Oil 63 00
United Petroleum 118 00
West Shore Oil 3 23
Miscellaneous^ —
Abty Land and Improvement .... 1 23
Alameda Sugar 20.00
American Biacuit 05 00 100 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas and Elec ....
Cal Cotton Mills' 85 00 .... '
Cal Jockey Club : 103 00
Cal Powder ....
Cal Shipping Co 23 00 30 00
Cal Title Ina and Trust 130 CO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland . . 60 00
Chutes Company 000 •
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 12^4 ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 2250
Honolulu Sugar 19 00
London and S F Bank (Ltd.) .... ....
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern Cal Power a 73
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad .... 10 00
Orpheum Company 15 SO
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ....
Postal- Device and Imp ....
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00 ....
Sausahto Land and Ferry.. 18 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 00 18 CO
Union Sugar 226O ....
United Gas and Electric .. 34 SO ....
Western Fish Co ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
100* Monte Crlsto „ 93
3000 Reed Crude 40 '
500 Occidental 1 IS •
Afternoon Session.
Board —
475 Home 3 CO
1500 Independence 17
200O Independence, b 9 17
100 Four Oil 70
¦ 50 Sterling 3 10
Street —
194 Associated 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Morning SessioA.
2500 Esperanza OS
1C0 Montana. Tonopah 09
100 Tonopah Belmont 2 00
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
7000 Esperanza. b 00 06
600 Gipsy Queen 27
500 Mac.N'amara 23
600 MacNamara. b 90 23
200 Montana Tonopah s>K
200 Montana Tonopah. s 5 99
10O Montana Tonopah. s 30 »9
4OO Montana Tonopah 07
•_7>o Montana Tonopah t us
ICO Montana Tonopah &»
600 Rescue 16
500 Rescue 17 ,
U00 Tone pah North Star S3
500 Tonopah North Star M
200 Tonopah North Star 63
5C0 Tonopah North Star. b30 53
200 Tonopah North Star 66
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Con Cal A Va.l 40 500 Seg Belcher... OS
SCO Con Cai & Va.l 43 SO Sierra Nevada 37
100 Overman .... 27 2C0 Union if
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 08! 100 Ophir 140
100 Challenge .... « 600 Potosl 21
400 Chollar U> 100 Seg Belcher .. 07
400 Crown Point . 19 300 Sierra Nevada S2
100 Hale A Nrcrs 54 300 Sierra Nevada M
200 Hale A Nrcrs K 1000 Union 7«
100 Imperial .... W 100 Yellow Jacket 70
. 100 Mexican VSr>
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 40 200 Crown Point. . 20
100 Con C A V.I 3~4i 300 Mexican 97
10O Con C & V.I 42V> 200 Occidental .. 34
250 Con C A V...1 40 400 Sierra Nevada. 53
,600 Con N T.... 13 200 Yellow Jacket 70
Afternoon Session.
SOO Andes ON 500 Ophir J 40
200 Chollar 10 200 Potosl 21
ICO Con C A V.I 37^ 300 Savage 14
3C0 Con NY.... 15 200 Sierra Nevada. 53
100 Crown Point ..10 100 Sierra Nevada 33
20O 'Gould AC.. S3 800 Union Con .. »tl
10O Mexican .... 051
; CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 23—0:30 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aslr.
Alpha 04 03 Justice 13 13
Andes., OS 00 Lady Wash.. — C8
Belcher V...i 40 42 Mexican ..... 83 M
Best A Belch. 1 80 — Occidental ..34 33
Bullion 03 05 Ophir 1 40 1 43
Challenge ... 45 46 Overman .... 25 2»
Cnollar ...... I» 20 Potosl 21. 23
Con C A Va,X 35 1 40 Savwt 14 1.1
Confidence ..1 20 1 30 Seg Belcher.. M C3
THE SA!N FBAKC1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Local securities continued dull, and the only
noteworthy change was an advance In Spring
Valley Water to $86. The oil stock* continued
quiet. - • _
• The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
paid a regular - quarterly dividend of S3 per
share, or $30,000, yesterday. *^
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 25 cents per share, payable July 23.
The Standard Biscuit Company of San Fran
cisco proposes to Increase Its capital stock
from the present amount of flOO.OOO to $250.0ut»
A special meeting of the stockholder* of the
Security Savings Bank has been called for Sep
tember 23 to vote upon a proposition to in
crease the capital stock from its present
amount of $300,000 to $1,000,000. The bank re
cently purchased from the Merchants' Ex
change the Montgomery-street frontage of the
old Pacific Stock Exchange property, and as
soon as the leases expire will build a hand
some structure . for It* own use.
The Crystal Water Company of Tonopah has
¦old $25,000 of Its ft per cent 5 year first mort
gage bonds to the Los Angeles Trust Com
pany. There Is a sinking fund on these bonds
of $500 per month.
The Ukta.h Oil Development Company has
levied an assessment of 6c. delinquent August
23.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were dull
with lower futures. .
Chicago was lower again, in spite of the
bullish cast of the Weekly Government re
port, which showed disappointing returns from
the threshing of Winter Wheat and an im
paired condition of the Spring Wheat crop.
IlradRtreet'n report showed a decrease of 2 •
200.000 bushels In the world's visible supply
Futures in this market were weaker. The
marked' rise of Monday and Tuesday is ascrib
ed to short stocks in the State,' the existence
of many buyers and but few sellers In the
local market, and vague rumors that Japan
may enter this market as a buyer. Australia
is not figured on much now, as it said
that Argentina can supply her wants $.1 t>er
ton lower than California. *^
New Wheat. $1 37%fil 42% for shipping and
$1 47%<S1 62% for milling. , .ws ana
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4O(S1 42X4; California
White Australian. $1 8001 62%; Northern
Club. $1 40Q1 42%; Northern Blue Stem
$1 4S%®1 50: Oregon Valley. $1 47% '
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. ftn.-
December -.51 44 $1 44 ?i 42% *{ <¦?,¦
May, $1 43Vj bid. $1 46% asked. . *
2 ,p. m. Session. '
Open. High. Low. cin«<»
December ..$1 43 $1 43 $1 42% $1 42?;
BARLEY.— Previous quotations ruled, with a
moderate' cash demand and practically un
changed futures.
CASH BARLEY.
¦ Feed, new. $1 02%@l 05; new shipping and
brewing. $1 12%mT7%; old brewing? $1 $g
1 20; Chevalier. $1 15@1 30 for fair to choice
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. "High. hoxr. Clou*
December .. 9«V4 ™% 05 o^
2 p. m. Session. .
¦ Open.' High. Low. Clo«»
December .. 05% 05% 05% .
OATS— There is not much going on at the
moment. Offerings continue light and quota!
tlons remain as before.
New Red, «1 15©1 26 Per «*I.
Old crop— White. $1 17%©1 25; Black. 11 i 0
®1 17'"? R^. * l 12H«J," 1TV4 for wmmon and
f, «0®l 25 '° r choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Still scarce, firm, and more or- Jess
Egyptian. U «@1 «> for White and $! .!&
n % for Brawn.
rye— $1 10® 1 15 P er ctl ' or old or new
BUCKWHEAT-<2@2 60 per ctl. new '
Flour and Millstuffs.
. "The Northern P«ine Steamship Company
announced yesterday," says the Tacoma Ledger
announccu , • -that the Asiatic 8 teamsh I n
Une. operating from the Pacific cSi.tTSvS
decldedto maintain the „£"*»«• of $3 on
flour to the Orient during - -the . month of
August A- meeting of representatives' of the
various lines operating [£«» Pu«t Sound . and
Portland was held iiv Seattle _\Y ednesday, at
which an agreement to this waB made.
The rate on wheat remains at $5 per ton. The
13 flour rate was originally put into effect
1 for the- month of June to meet the rate mads
by the China Commercial Company, a . new
concern operating ' out of San Francisco. . The
cut was 'then extended' through July, and la
now continued: through Auguat. : Oriental buy
ers are said, to have hardly anticipated a con
tinuance of the cut rate, having made heavy
purchases of : flour, expecting: the old rate to
Receipts of most descriptions of deciduous
fruits were ample, but supplies of choice ripe
stock were comparatively light and prices for
such offerlnes were well maintained. There
was a fair demand for choice Plums, Prunes
Peaches and fancy Gravcnstein Apples for ship
ment on the Portland steamer, and these fruits
were quite steady in consequence. Receipts of
fruit in baskets from the river sections con
tinued light and prices were well sustained.
Bartlett Pears and Plums from those Bectlona
arrived freely and choice offering! moved off
well. The canners were in the market for
both descriptions and bought freely of. the best
offerings at the prices quoted below. Apricots
in small packages were steady, but bulk stock
was easy. The canners were Indifferent buy
ers and would not pay more than $25 per ton
except for Rllt-edged stock. As high as *55
«ag obtained from the regular trade in a ped.
dllne way. Gravenstein Apples in 4-tler boxes
were In demand at $1 25@1 35 per box, but
cheaper grades were dull. Figs were scarce
»nd firmer. Shipments from Stockton have
about ceased. Fancy Seedless Grapes moved
off well, but the other varieties were generally
'sour and moved slowly. Watermelons are not
coming In as freely as heretofore and the mar
ket is gradually cleaning up. Other Melons
stand about .the same, with supplies plentiful.
Attractive lots of Berries cleaned up quickly
and prices of Strawberries and Loganberries
ranged higher. Receipts of the latter were
very light. Currants were in limited supply
and sold by the drawer at firmer rates.
Citrus and Tropical fruits stood about as pre
viously quoted. Two carloads of Central Amer
ican Bananas came in and there were liberal
recelnta of the Hawaiian article.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@7 per chest for Long
norths and $2 60«4 for the larger varieties. -
RASPBERRIES— $4©7 per chest. :
LOGANBERRIES — S4&5 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 60@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBEBRIES-7-12HC per lb.
CURRANTS — 40® 60c per drawer.
APFLES— 75c@$l 35 per box for choice and
fancy and 40®fi5c for common: Crabapples, 40®
60c for «mall boxes and 75c for large.
PEARS— Bartletts, -40e@$l per box; to can
ners, $30©35 per ton; Dearborn Seedlings, 40©>
50c p«r box and 40®60cper basket.
.-. FIGS — 40i@85c per drawer; large boxes from
PLUMS— 25040c' cer box *nd 40660o per
crate; to canners, $15320 per ton.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter continues unsettled, some houses be
ing weak and others steady. Stocks are ample
for all immediate needs and the market Is
quiet.
Cheese is quoted quiet at the quotation- be
low, with enough on hand to keep buyers well
supplied.
The advance in Egga to 27c was rather hasty,
but dealers are not disposed to shade the mar
ket, though trade Is dull. Stocks are ample
for all current needs.
Receipts were 43..W0 lbs Butter, 1184 cases
Eggs and 101,500 lbs Cheese.
UUTTEK— Creamery. :MU©2<V:; dairy. 22%O
24c; store Butter, 17@20c; Eastern, nominal
CHEESE— New. l.'lo; Young America, UUft
15c; Eastern, 14y.,@15%c: Western, 14016c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 26@27c for large white select
ed and 24#25c for good to choice; store, is®
23c; Eastern, lSff21c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN IBAlsCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 23. . 1903.
12
These ladles oft enjoy a calm heart to heart talk
On events that transpire in their life's dally -walk.
Just now they're so earnest in discussing The Call,
In telling its virtues,- how it benefits all.
Each fair one notes some fact that has come in her ken
Where this paper has helped needy women and men.
So if you desire work, we suggest, by your leave.
That we print your Want Ad— then a Job you'll receive.
SAKT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cail. corner Market and Third streets; open
vstll 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 427 Montgomery etreet,
corner Cay; open until 8:30 p. in.
300 Here* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 LarkJn street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 i). m.
108 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIVG NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gf.te Commandt-ry -j-
No. 16. K. T., C25 Sutter st. — Officers |»ij
mid members are hereby notified to Kit
assemble In full uniform at the asy-
lum TO-DAY at 1:45 o'clock for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
Irater. Sir HEXhV CARPENTER TRAZER.
Uy order of the Commersder.
THEO. KKOL1CH. Recorder.
? IIEG-'LAR meeting of Yerba Bueua M
Lodgt of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. f\
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be /fcJJV
held in Cornmandtry Hall. Maejnic «-»i>*
Temple on THURSDAY EVENING, July
23. l»O3. at 8 o'clock. Degree Fourteenth.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
HENRY UL'HXEB, Secretary.
MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M. — »
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) W
KVENING. 7:«0 o'clock. P. M. fend />f\
M. E M. degrees. By order of the
H. P.' JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Vy
KVENING. July 'Si. at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Second Degree. By order of the Mas-
ter. KKANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. _
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. K. and'A. M. B
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) >Qf
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V\
Degree. Master Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary-
JBOL'TH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge Xc. nr,
212. F. and A. M., meets THlS^y
• THURSDAY) KVENING at 7 :M /V\
o'clock for Third l>e£ree. Master
Masons cordially invited. By ••:dir of the
Master. E. C HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodre No. 210. F. and A. M. — «
Special mettlne THIS (THURSDAY) W*
fcYENINCJ at 7::i0 o'clock. Third Ur- />f\
gree. Master Masons cordially invited.
Uy order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344. F. end A. _O,-
M., S17 Devlsadero St.— Third degree >fY
THIS EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Muster Masons cordially Invited. By
ordc-r cf the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
WALHaLLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. A a
O. F. — The officers end the funeral •Xx*
committee of the above named En- XV
umpnwnt are hereby notified to as-X X
sertibie at Odd Fellows' Hall. cor. Market and
Seventh ets.. on THURSDAY. July 23. 19C3.
at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attend-
ing :!.• funeral of our late Brother and
Patriarch. JOHN FLEISCHMAN. P. Ch.
Patr. By crder FRED L. HORN. C. P.
CHARLES QVAST, Financial Scribe.
HARMOXy Lodce No. 13. I. O. O. Zgrssif,,
F.— The officers and the funeral &j&§Xj&£&-
committee of ihe above n<i:neil
Lodse are hereby notified to as- "^StewP^*"
semltle at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
end seventh bts., on THURSDAY, July 23.
IIHjS. at I o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
attending the Yuneial of our late Brother
JOHN FLEISCHMAN. P. G. By order
A. PAUBA. N. G.
CHARLES QUAPT. Financial Secretary.
CALirOP.NIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P., ¦&£
will confer the Knight Rank. loriK *&?&(f
!orm, upon four esquires on /feS^&
THURSDAY EVENING. July 2.;.
• t Pythian Castle. ;«« Market n. All
brother Knights cordially invited.
O. A. DAVIS. C. C. i
k. x. McLennan, k. of r. b nd s.
El'lJtKA Grove No. 4, V. A. O. D. — *in^ !
The officers and the funeral committee wff j
of the ubove narrud Grove art- hereby ifi "•
noticed to efsembio at Druid's Hall, 413 Sut- !
t<r ?t., st 1 o'clock p. m.. on THURSDAY, j
July 2.!, WKl. fcr the pur;K>se of attending '
the funeral of our late Brother P. A. JOHN 1
1 -"LEISCHMAN. By order )
A. PAUBA. N. A.
CHAPLKS QL'AST. Secretary. ;
XHS Han Francis-o Scottish Thistle v r?
«lub meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3\ £& JJ I
EVK3CINC. Frjjternity Hall. Xt X>v-5s£* '
O Farrell st . at S o'clock,
"Smoker " Joilows. Strangers .-ordlaliy in-
ftted " :
GEORGE W. MILLER. Roycl Chief :
Ur.UUUE W. PATKUSO.V. Recorder. i
ANNi'.-n. Xii-.K'llXci— Tti* regular annual
meeting of the rt jckaolciers of the Spreck-
• it Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the rrnipiBr. 3C7 Market st San Fran-
«irco. ca MONDAY the 27th day of July
:f>C.'i. at the hcur of 11 a. m. for the pur-
pc*e cf e'ectinj: a board of directors to serve
for thr enduing year tr.l for the transaction
«u n;ch c;her business as may ccme before !
the n;eetlr.g. The transfer bocks nill close i
cc Ir:d*>. July 24. J903, at 3 p m j
, W. H. HANNAM. Secretary. !
*>¦' N C AL MEETING— The re E uTar annual
mettlrg of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Ccrr.yary will be held at the
ffflee of the company. 327 Market st. San |
Francisco, en MONDAY the 27th day of ]
-uly. i903. at the hour of 11:30 «. m for
the rurpcee of ejecting a board or director*
to ferve for the ensuing year and for the
trsntacUon cf such ether business a« may
ccme before the meetlnr. The transfer
books »i;j c!o«e en Friday. July 24 1003 at
S p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
\NNUAL Meetfng— The Ris-don Iron and Lo-
cemotiK Works— The annual meeting of the
«ck kholders of th» Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive -Wcrks. fcr the election of trustees
for th.- ensuing year and the transaction of
tuch other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be- held at the office
of the company. No. 298 Pteuart street San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
iruft. 1303. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
ACgyTS-WAJfTE D.
*HK only authorized life of Pope Leo XIH~
V» ritrer: with the encouragement, appiobatlori
and blesMng of bit Holiness by Mgr Bernar.1
O-Keilly. D. L).. LLD.. who for e- K ht jdr*
lived In the \ atloan as domestic prelate »o
the Pope. This <!!stlnsu!ehed American au- !
tier Tiat, fummor.'d to Ro:ne and appointed
l<y tht Pope as hi* official biographer Ap-
pro\««. and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons '
anfl all church authorities as the only of- I
flcial biography or the Pope Over 800
V"^, 5 - n^sntncently Illustrated. Puhlished In
t-BKlish. Frer.'h and German. Unr.aralleled
opportunity fcr agents. lUtt commission
KTr?v n m W l f r- THE JOHN C WU* 1
hi ON CO.. J2S Dearborn tt.. Chicago. HI.
"O e«!| authentic life of Prpe Lee: special
LIAMS. 41-2 Llere-nth ft.. Oakland. Cal.
ASTROLOGY. ~~ '
i ii r^ g l t&ucht. horoRo-pefTeaTr ProfTRaT^
ATTOHXEVS AT LA~U\
*°±* T ,. W XIN«ritty.»t-Uw.' Examiner bid *
nr.. f.ll; all cases, damages, estates wlliV
•.ttachrr.erith. collection*, etc.; consul tat on
free; no advance charges; call or"! write"
evenings by sp|K)lntment. Tel. Red"^«t)l.
»ROMPT attention to all cases; divorce e*tatf>
collection*; no Jee» unless fucctssful cafl or
write; eve.. Tues. and Fri.: est 15 yrs rn
WARD ACKLKT, 927 Market; tet Je>"e yap.
iOVICE free— 1 will advance cost In merltori-
""»«-«". divorces, probate ond all other law
f-asc: no fe- fi fn advance; open every everT
»ng. J. M. THUHirroy. HO Market ¦?. r £.
IDV1CK free; divorces a specialty ;qulck ouief
G° «^So5^*FS"E *«*Wi2hrt Ti5 yrV
<-. w. HOWL. 11^2 Market st., opp. Hale's.
UTKKN A AITKEN. attorneys, rs 309-10-1 1
Clurile bldg., 503 California st. .tel. Main 727.
522f MATTHEWS, attorney at law. y.52 Mar-
ket St.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
free; no charge unless successful- all
*- cases; open evgs. W. W.Davidson. 927 Market.
-. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* b'.dg VTi Mar
free; no few in Sran"*
»niRDS. DOCS. ETC.
roUNG talking parrous.W each ;Germao singing
canaries. $2; w* wUl try to please you;every?
thing in our line at right pries. 154C Market,
B^SI^ESS CHANCES. I
I7CI0— <ienera! express businessTn^ountry'Iown'
close to city, including 4 horses. 2 waroV 2
rets harnej*. etc.; all In fln-t-class corfdiUon
Acdrcss D care International AdvertiVine
Agency. 139 Sansome st. ending
fsooo— Saloon, well located, long established'
gocd oppo-tunlry; retiring. Mossman.^»5o Mkr
*550— Delicacy, doing big business; better look
at this; rent $20. MOSSMAN. 850 MarketsC
*R00o— Business propositlou that pays «5W~d7t
month, tor lady or centleman or for both
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. OakUnd
irs^^fr rea « mab>e - Appiy
FINE saloon on Market St.. SG50Q. GEO
CLARK. 1067 Market st. ' EO '
FOR fiale^-Cood paying restaurant, |250. 2723
Bl'SINKSS CHAiVCES— Continued.
, FOR sale— Daily newspaper route In Callfor-
nia town of 25.000: pays well; clean work.
1 Address M. J. T.. Call office.
HAIRDRESS1NG parlors ;cheap ;value in sight
1 good location; relrlng. 1153 Mkt., bet.7th-8th
BAKERY and delicacy store for sale; must b«
sold: owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call office.
l,OPGI>G-HOt)SES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. .. .$400(
58 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 200(
T* rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 85(
11 rooms; good income; rent $20 351
21 rooms; water front: rent $40: lease. 65(
120 rocms; good lease; low rent 660(
S7 rms. ;apartroents;Western Add; rent. 23<
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$4750—70 ROOMS; 3 years' lease; rent $330.
16 rooms; rent $45; cjears $100; $1500; I
years' lease. MOSSMATC. 850 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.—
Hotels apartment houses, fiats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
Kl'IHITUALISM.
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder trouble:
cured by Hlstionlc suggestion; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science. 105 Ellis sL
MME. YOUNG's convincing- test circle to-
night. 10c. «19 McAllister; come, skeptics.
JOHN SLATER, readings to-day, 10 to 4; cir-
cle Fridny evening. 8:15 sharp. 336 O'Farrell,
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
* $1. $1. SI. 51. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
¦ I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
! make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
j J» p. m. ; Sundays 2 to S. 326 O'Farrell St., 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
cr have domestic, love or business troubles,
ccneult this great medium and you will be
tcld bow to overcome th-m: valuable advlc*
in a'.l affslrs of life; 25c up: satisfaction
guaranteed: readings by mail. Tel Black 156a.
' — "
< A — CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept, can be consulted regarding all matters of
I business, love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation, changes, law. reuniting separated.
!etc: everything revealed; secret power to
change, influence or control any one or anything
as you wish in 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007*4 Market st.. bet 6th and 7th.
! ISMAR, the Egyptian g>ps» otalrvoyfcnt and
! palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
: rt.. cor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; S < uistions answered. $1;
full life. $5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't B*nd currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fanto money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
end sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 60c; rents. $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 60. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Krcnenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; wften others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
• past, present a 1*1 future life. 901 Buchanan
( ! ft., corner Fulton; no *lem.
I A — Mme. Raver.na read« life, business advice;
names clven: 2."ic up. 5 4th St.. near Mark«t.
¦ MME. GINSBERG, greatest clairvoyant: ladies.
25c; gents. 50c. 33 5th st.. rm. 9. 1st floor.
I OLDEST lacy palmist and card reader In city.
; 26>i Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
j MKS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tlngs daily. 44SH Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
j CARPET-BEATING AXD CLEANING.
I AIR. compressed, dry, ice coid. ie now unlver-
i sally us-ed in sanitarily cleaning' carnets, on
I floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
craf. Apt>ly S. F. , COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Cail big.; phone Main 52.S7.
¦WHEN you become disgusted with jour work
send for SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 558-337 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. :J29 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
j THY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-btRting;'
' mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
j ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main .TJ4. GEO. WALCOM £1 CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. caip?t-b;atlr.g works; prlce3
reasonable. 170r« Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2*&.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
33-1 Golden Gat^ ave.: telephone East 120.
CIIIROrOPISTS. •
DUXLAE FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary-^AU
al'm^nts cf the feet curad; corn«, bunions, etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected *pc-edily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCT.. r. 83. U16 Market;
tel. Red €18: collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collectluns'made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5SS0.
PEXTISTS.^
DR. LUDLUM lIlLL. 1443 Market,nr.EHeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plaies made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post ft. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room 614. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
! A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
i warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50: fillings. 50c:
i plates. $3: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23S Kearny. cor. Eush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up: crowr.»,$2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.He.w!tt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft thin month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 960 Mission rt.. cor. 6th.
DESK BOOM WANTED.
DESK room wanted in or vicinity of Claus
Spreckels building, by a Japanese gentleman;
referem-es exchanged; detail answer request-
ed. Box 4213. Call office.
DIIESSMAKEUS A; SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101» Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, fatew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
PYEIHQ ASTP CLEA-flKQ.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, -blankets,
lace curtain?, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 2916 Sacramento: phone
for wago-. '^est 453. H. HICKMAN. prea. I
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College oT^ratoryT^ActTng.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West:
14 Uachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
b«-Ki.ib r«-j.t. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1235, Market., cor. Ninth.;
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. sT
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
gallagherTmarsh business college"
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectrlcity.24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. . Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue. ,
ENGINEERING— Civil.. elec.,.mln.. mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 18tJ4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. 8. F. Business College. 123C Market Bt.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F.;fills every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.,
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water. Color or Oil"paint-
in* from Nature. CURRIER. 272 Sutter at. •
HELP WANTED FE M ALE-~Con.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING:
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST.,
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OP12RATORS AND RIVKTEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR If.
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS? V
GIRLS, stay away from the bag factories;
. strike on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
.' Workers' Union No. 10C48. /
WOMEN to sew on buttons at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S shirt factory. 36^ Frrmont St.;
take elevator. See MR. HINDSHAW.
REFINED woman, who has had some experi-
ence among the sick, for buslhtss position.
Box 4219, Call.
WANTED — A girl to learn waiting; wages
paid. Restaurant, 52 Eighth st. -
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 824 Folsom St.,
between Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG German or Swedish girl; 3 In family.
654 Waller St. ¦
YOUNG girl for housework; advantage of learn-
ing trade; $0 per month, ,35ft Jessie st.
GIRL for housework; references; $20 par month.
629 Hayes.
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswoman
to accept a position out of the i-Uy; state
age, experience and salary expected. Address
box 4604, Call.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
woman to go to a city not far from Fan
Francisco; state age, experience anl salary
expected. Addre&s box 4909, Call.
WANTED — Experienced stenographer: one
who Is familiar with the Smith Premier
typewriter. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outinc for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
GIRL about 14 assist light housework; small
family; Bleep home; $S. 4546 Twentieth St.,
corner Douglass.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits; steady position: cloak de-
partment. M. Friedman & Co.. 237 Post st.
WANTED — Experienced millinery saleswo-
man; state age, experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 4910, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN or German middle aged wo-
man for family of two: If wanted, sleep at
home. APML'SSEN. 916 Capp st. ¦ >
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Poat.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex-
perience necessary: steady employment.
Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front st.
WANTED— Experienced feeder on lullng ma-
chine. Apply BANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st.
ITALIAN lady who can cpeak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
NEAT, rellnble girl for general housework In
email family; good wages; references re-
quired. Apply 2020 Green st. 1
YOUNG apprentice wanted; paid while learn-
ing. 1320 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework: a good place tcr
a good girl. Apply at 14O1 MeAllhUr *t.
GERMAN girl for general housework; $25 per
month. 2314 California st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; $12 to $15.
16S4 Poat tt.
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptlona
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt. •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.'S
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
Hello Grant 185.
I .
FREE FARE SHIPPING DAY FOR
, Caspar tunnel. Mendoclno Co., tunnelmen, la-
borers, teamsters, $2-$2 75; steamer sails to-
day. .
Wllllts, Mendoclno Co.. laborers. .$2 25.
Chatsworth Park Tunnel, machlnemen. hand
drillers. $2-$3; bonus 25c day if remain until
work Is done.
Fresno, 60 extra and section hands, $1 70.
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
, Butte, Placervllle, hammersmen, laborers,
rate fare $2 25 $2 DO; 30 men, woods and
sawmills, $50 and found; also 10 road makers,
$40 and found, fares paid, Monterey County;
leverman for dredger. $60 and found; milkers,
$.10-$35; 30 Scandinavian lumber pliers,
Hhasta Co., $52 and found; 10 carpenters,
house work, country, see boss here, $3 day.
-HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head cook, hotel, Nevada, $75; head cook and
helper, Institution, country, best of wages,
boes here; tirst, second, night cooks, dish-
washers, restaurant, Eureka, $20, $15, $3 a
week; relief second cooks and broilers, $40-
$75; second cooks, country hotels, $50-$00;
vegetable cook, $50; nizht cook, $40; dish-
washer and potwasher, Santa Cruz, $30:
washer and run boiler, country, $40 and fd:
washer and sturdier, country hotel, $45 and
found; waiters, bellboys, $40-$15; second
bread baker, country hotel. $35, free fare;
butcher. $00. . .
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents.
429 Bush st -.642 Clay «t.
IRONER and polisher country. . $45 and found;
4 plain carpenters for country. $3 day: 10
woodchoppers, ¦ for mining company, $1 50
cord, long Job; « miners, $2 50 and $3 day;
laborers for ' mine, - $2 50 day; 4 tearmsters.
$60: farmers; $26 and $30 and found; man
about place, country, $25 and found; milkers,
$-10 and $35 and found; buttermaker, $40 and
.found; chore . boy for ranch, $12 and found;
old man to care ¦ for . place, $5 , and board ;
fruit peddler, $20 and found; coopers, quarry-
men, sawyers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. (128 Sacramento st.
INSIDE servant, private family,- $35 and
found; cook and . wife, country hotel, $70;-
hotel .cook, country.- $60; restaurant cooks,
$12 we»k and $70 month; broiler, $75; vege-
table cook,: $50; 2 .waiters, -country hoUls,
$.10 and found; porter for springs, $20 and
found; bell boys, dlshwashero and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook. $45; dishwasher, $30; potwash-
er, S30; ) helps' l walUr. $25. : ,
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express -cr
mall charges.- 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
BOY wanted. E. H. LEVY. . 513 Market st.
' EPPCATIONAT^— -Conttnwyd. V .
• ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
: etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Miaslon.nr. 6th.
• Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
' Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
I EMPLOYMENT . OFFICES.
. GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese- employment office;, fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
I A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
[ Stockton; tel. GVant 108; expert, reliable help.
J RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
[ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
) CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP — FEMALE.
COMPETENT seamstress wishes few more en-
! Kagements In private families; $1 25 per day;
. 9 till 5. SEAMSTRESS, box 4905. Call.
' A RESPECTABLE Swedish woman wishes
work by the day washing or cleaning. Ad-
, dress C. S.. 127 Second st. .
YOUNG woman wants work by the day wash-
• ing Ironing or housecleanlng. Box 4216. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work In private
families. Box 4220, Call office.
POSITION as nurse uy a refined colored wo-
man for a child or with family going East.
Address J. E.. 1006 Clay; phone Grace 1041.
AMERICAN woman- wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; neat and reliable.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma County.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
housecleanlng for Thursday and Friday.
Room 3. 1050 Howard st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The '
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
LILIPUTIAN TWINS (man and woman), 44
Inches high, refined and respectable who
can speak several languages, seek position as
attraction or advertising purposes. Address
"Cute Midgets.'" box 4214. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, nine years' office experience,
desires clerkship in office or small hotel,
or cashier position in restaurant; best of
references. Address box 4210. Call office.
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience; day work preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal.
A GOOD head gardener, well recommended,
married, wishes situation. Address • F. S..
51 C Twentieth st., Oakland. Phone Black
5330.
NEW YORKER (23), with highest local cre-
dentials, capable, energetic clerk, French,
German, desires situation here or elsewhere.
Box 49CS, Call office.
COACHMAN. Al driver, first-class all around
man: capable of taking entire charge; strictly
¦ sober and reliable; best of references. Box
j 4699. Call office.
RELIABLE young man .wishes position; has
had some experience as salesman and ship-
_ping clerk. Box 4208, Call office.
J RELIABLE, honest young man, German,
steady, sober, wishes situation as bartender;
i dtv references. Box 4200. Call office.
CARPENTER, millwright, factory, city or
country: best of references. J. L.. box
4211. Call office.
A GOOD varnlsher and pollster wants work by
the day or Job; very reasonable; estimates
given. Box 4205. Call office.
WANTED — Cutter, reliable man, would like to
change situation. Address H. W. CLAY, 630
Twelfth st., Oakland. Cal.
YOUNG man would like work as carpenter In
city; 6 years' experience. Box 4207. Call.
1 YOUNG man wants position as nurse or valet;
i city references. 359 Grove st.
I JAPANESE wants a position to work couple
I hours; phone Green 250. B. Y.. 315A Mason.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and (subscription*
! received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia at.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
eold; Etock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING A NO INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantacc of this
department; St will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-259 Geary
bt., on. the square.
j PARK flats: new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
! ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
j cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
6 ROOMS and bath, high basement, yard; new;
! sunny; rent reasonable to permanent tenant.
3852 Nineteenth St.; Castro cars.
FLAT to rent. 5 rooms, bath. yard. 729 Har-
rison st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
I $13 — UPPER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 27C Pearl
j St.. off Market, bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
I TO let— Flat of ,4 rooms; 1S97 O'FarrelT.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$11 — COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
FLAT. 7 rocnih and bath; sunny; convenient;
suitable for doctor. 624 Green fit.
GREENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
r.ew; marine view; $25; open.
I FLATS TO LET — Fl'It.VISHEO.
! A FLAT to rent and new furniture for rale;
! bargain. 1553 Post St.; Inquire forenoon.
FLAT to let and furniture for sale at 226
Eleventh st. , ¦
FIIHXITtnB FOIt SALE.
EIGHT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
lng away. 1435 Mission St.
. FURNITURE WANTEP.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, rtypalrs. packa furniture, carpets.
FESIALE^
COOK. Institution. $40; cook, for country no
wash. $.J5; cook. city. $35: 3 cooks, %H0- 4
second girls, $20, $25, $."0; second girl, Menlo
Park, $25; 4 nurses, for grown children. $25,
$30; nurse girl, Oakland. $25; head waitress, '
535; housework. Belvedere. $30; Ross Valley,
S3O; laundress, $30; laundress, country hotel.
$25; chambermaid and waitress, country ho-
tel, ?23; chambermaid. Petaluma, $20- 2
boarding-house cooks. $25; small restaurant
cook. $(S week, and other places too many to
advertise; good places and good wages. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook for private family, no
washing or outside work, In country, $35;
a German nursery governess for 2 children
$30; a parlor maid and waitress, $."50; a cook
fcr sanitarium in Berkeley, ?:;,"; a lady's
jnald, $30. MISS I'LUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell.
A NURSE. $25r2 eecond girls, young ladies"
school, $25 each; waitress, $25; 6 hcuseglrls,
$30 and $35; cook, $35; housegirl Berkeley'
$30, 2 in family; Sausallto. $30. 3 in family-
cook. -Alameda. 2 In family. $30; laundress'
$30; chambermaid, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
; ¦ / ; -
EIGHT young lady clerks, city office; $6 week
and advance. Call to-day at PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 520 Sacramento Bt.
HA1RDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; rem< val of superfluous hair taught
from A to Zln 2 we*ks for $4 60: position*
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and ; eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdresslng
traie; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket Hi., cor. Jones, room 94; positions se-
cured at highest wa^es; day & eve. class ;call
A — OPERATORS on ladles" underwear; good
wages; steady petition. I. MAGNIN & CO.
656 Mission at.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists; ]
good wages: steady employment. 650 Mis-
sion St.. I. MAGNIN St CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted en children's and in"
f ants' wear: steady position; good wages, r..
MAGNIN St CO.. O&U Mission at. >
WOMEN 'and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning: steady work; highest wageb.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brsunnan
et., between Third and Fourth.
* 3
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season*
trade taught from start to finish in one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton gt.. ; rm. 13.
FIRST-CLASS trimmers and makers; steady
positions: good salary. Apply HOLM & •
a *. livvrs. ' - j
OSTRICH feather curlers and ¦- fancy feather
makers. Apply HOLM & NATHAN. ;
A — Practical Millinery School, estab.' 14 years;
terms easy. Slii O'Farrell., for. 1000 Van Ness.
STENOGRAPHER, arglst with books, general
office work: state salary. Box 421S. Call. ]
HORSES AJfP WAGONS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
° waVo^s buggies and harness must be sold at
Mcrlflce. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
TWO truck horses. 3S0O; 20 work and driving.
1732 Market st.
coi'VD young horse, true and gentle, weight
al^ouT I y s£o pounds, cheap. 2M3 Mission st.
10 GOOD horses from the country for sale
cheap. 327 8Uth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light campm* wa«on
and gocart for safe ch-ao. S32 Minion st.
~ LOST ASP FOt'XD.
LOST— An Irish terrier dog; dockwi tail; short,
wiry brown hair: answers to the name or
Pat. Return to Calif- Safe Deposit & Trust
Co. and receive reward. _
LOriT— Small purse containing $15 gold, two
rings ar.d pin; liberal reward. 904 Laguna.
LOST — School bonds cf Laurel district. Ala-
meda County, for $1600; somewhere between
Sausallto and broad-gauge boats; $20 reward
for return to J. R. CRAIG. Haywards.
LOST — Chutes. Sunday night, diamond stud.
Return to Nat. Laundry. 472 Geary. Reward.
Lost — July 18 gold diamond set shirt stud;
spiral broken. Shepherd. 30o Baker. Reward.
GOLD rimmed eyeglasses and chain; Turk.
Market or Powell sts. ; reward. 206 Turk st
FOUND— Two mastiffs. Apply L. J. McDON-
ALD. Howard and Beale sta.. city.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th« California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and allrer to make new watch ease*.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal»
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 72S Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSH Market at., opp. 8th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating; pin,
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur* • syr-
inge and tablets; price $2 60. By axprtsa
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH.
ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh aa<!
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market *t.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private hsme before and durlnff
confinement: best medical care; low feea.
A MATERNITY VILLA: private: secluded:
confidential. DR. E. FUNKE. -141B Eighth
St.. Alameda.
DR. and MR3. DA VIES and HINIJOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 11 UR Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Exp-rt
in obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs. exper'nea..
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st.. cor.
26th; relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell ,st.. oppoalt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
.MIXING AND ASSAYING.
I HOLD a four months' option on valuiola irold
mine; I also have parties in the East ready
to purchase. Want a party to Join rne wha
can furnish expense money to close the deal;
will divide profits. Address box 4911.
Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALl^..
BOILERS engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no interest charged; it will pay ycu to ex-
amine our rood* and prices: established 1S30.
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over ol.l
Iron, tfn or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S.WHITH
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny at..
• near Bush; open to ft p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 22O Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en.
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TWO Irish national flags, cne bunting, cna
silk, at half price if sold right away. Ap-
ply 1217 Market st. C. J. BARRON.
COMPLETE printing outfit for sale; every-
thing new; $150; cost S.V.O. Box 4213, Call.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and u>ng slides. 1C9
Montgomery st. '
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hottsr.712 Mission
Edison phoncgraphs. records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Baclgalupt. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and' second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. U0 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand nurrtng pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WATTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tal. Red 393X
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48
Market St.. tel. Main 1*». Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bids.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plano;no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. 10«3 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 7C3 Market; phone Malrt »1B.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLE Y CO 1-W Phelan bldg:.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stores bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.
0% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. £33 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loane.; salaried people on nct*s without
Indorser. alORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
A NUMBER of ecod pianos returned from
renters will be sold at greatly reduced prices.
Among these instruments are several of th*
leading roak:s. Other bargains:
3 Chickerlngs $100. $IS3. $235
1 Kiinball, walnut upright, celluloid keys-.$ri8
2 Emersion iiss. $215
2 Stelnway 1133, $285
4 Heine $233 to $303
12 ..quarts $15 to $170
10 organs • $10 to $75
Rents $2 uz>. allowed on purchase: Install-
¦ ments $4 up; ptano-playera from- $90 up: new
pianos from $117 ud. HEINE PIANO CO..
2:^-237 Geary St.; phone Main 57M.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$1CS; great bargain. 237 OearV s?
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. comprts-
ing \ose. Sterling. Jacobson. Schwechten.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & 1 Wendell.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16-20 O'Farrell St. *
No branches in San Francisco.
TH , 1S w. We * k^ W f. * 1ve BIO -BARGAINS inst« *,
of bU. ads. Our prices are all right a.
MUSIC CO.. «69 Market st.
B '? ! - ND M n V nJ !5 ent>: F - B««»on. Parts, maker.
Ji?,# M i alWat<3 ' Agt - Pac - Co *»». 2T8 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand lnstrjaaats- ¦old.
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister at.
* HELP WAXTED— .WALE— Coi.
MURRAY & READY, ~
634 and 636 Clay St. «
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1003 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
V J Ve SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,,
. Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Su.«ana, Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona, -AYillits, UkUh.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST.
SOUTH. INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la- <
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc.. $5. $4 $3 SO, $3. $2 60 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE
Everybody Talking. . Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE Y<3u? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY,
C34 and 630 Clay st.
WHAT IS IT*
25 laborers for woods; $40. $50 and found.
"Where is it? Monterey County; fare paid.
S. P. R. R. on all their own divisions, free —
165 laborers, etc.. extra section gangs.
TO BUTTE. THATS ALL.
865 laborers, two four-horse teamsters, $73.
65 ax men, you'll suit. $75.
Look! $42 per month, found; fare $2 50.
12 laborers for large mine Co.: you'll suit;
$42. fd.
—GOING— ARE— OREGON— FREE FARE.
— GOING — YOU— 25 COAL MINERS,$3 to $i
For stables, 12 men, $60 to $75.
For farms, 125 men, $30. $35, $40. fd.
For orchards, 250 men. $26. $30. fd.
For dairies. 65 men, $30. $35. $40, found.
For chores, 36 men and boys, $30. $25. $20,
$15, M.
For hay harvest. 63 men, $1 50, $2, $2 50
day, fd.
30 FRUIT PICKERS. $2B AND FOUND.
MINES— LOCATED— GOLD AND SILVER.
MINES — EVERYWHERE— COPPER AND
COAL.
56 single and double also machine drillers,
$75 and $iX>.
14 timbermen muckers, $75. $90.
1S6 laborers, no experience required. $00, $73.
TO QUARRIES. AND TUNNELS.
1ST drillers, hamermen, $75 to $85.
li)« laborers, no experienced wanted, $60. $75.
LOOK.
39 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
555 laborers, country. $2, $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
Married Help Wanted.
15 men and wlve3 for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc., $40, $50. $60, $70,
$S0 and found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-630 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
Man to take charge of boys' institution.
$30 and found.
l'i boys and youns: men about stores, etc..
$40 and $26 a month.
Stableman, city dray, $65; 3 young men,
city mill, $9; 2 camp cooks. 15 men each.
$40 and found; picture yframer; wagon and
carriage patnter fare $1. $60 and tcund; sack
sewer: solderer, $2 75 day; budder. nursery.
$40 and found: 0 butchers, slaughter-house
men, $30 to $60 and found.
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK.
12 laborers, board yourselves. $2 50 day.
.VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA,
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks all over California $90. $S0. $75,
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
IS waiters. $35 $40 $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers, $35. $30. $20 and
found.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers, $45 to $15 and found.
Crisp maker. $10; porter, city store. $40.
Second cook, mine. ?4f>. also waiter, $30 fd.
Steward. $50 found; third cook. Eureka. $30.
12 laundrymen all classes. $18 week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35. $40. $60 and found.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths. $3; engineer. $3 day.
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands. $3 50.
9 carpenters, $3 to J4; 5 plasterers. $5 30.
S machinists. $3; carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel; 2 painters. $3.
9 brick molders. $3 50; Iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
Special — 12 two-horse teamsters.
For a large lumber company, manager here.
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
80 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
Located \p 4 States
Managers Here 2 Territories
FREE— FARE— FREE
995 laborers, no experience, wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill yard men. $40 to $150 fd.
SK3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
Millwrights and stickerroen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths and woodturners.
Barkers and carloaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers and engineers. Saw filers.
Pondrrren. band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Shingle packers, also jointers. Chute builders.
$40. $50. $C0. $70. $80, $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
:;k<; woodchospers. tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and provi-
sions found. •
Big L MURRAY & READY,
Trusts. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — For the U. a Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must cpeak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In oar Isl-
and poeseselons, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.; 222K N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ¦
THE Golden West Beneficiary Employment As-
sociation. 24'Drumm st. — 1 kitchen man. $8
per week, one day off; 2 stable men, 20 labor-
ers, 3 women cooks, S waitresses and cham-
bermaids. 2 pantry girls, girls for candy fac-
tory. -7 . .
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and nuine work.
Apply at office. Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery St.. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK bops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery at. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System -Barber College. «35 Clay at.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 SO to $3 per week.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 50; we pay express charges, n
Third st.. Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
WANTED — A baker, second hand, on bread*
wages $16 per week. I. S. MULFORD Eu-
reka, Cal/
EXPERIENCED' building: and loan men; new
territory: salary and commission. Cox ISlM,
Call office. _
A BOY about 16 for dry goods department M
v FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
BARBERS, attention — Shaving parlor for sale-
living rooms.) Inquire 1541 Geary st. '
BOY in tin shop: learn trade; age 16 Tears.
533 Mission st. f*ra.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; cata^
logue. & F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart St.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army ohoei
60c up: soling cheap. 023 Howard at., nr. 8th!
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullla. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Ros't.G A?R
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Marl
ket-700 rooms 35c night: reading roornl*
free 'hus and baggage to and from ferry. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1« «n<l i 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while walttnz- *>v.
to Me. 5«3 aiis»lon at., bet, l't and 2d «Y»°
HOUSES TO LE1\
A— PRINTED >llst of ho^^^o^^'.^-T^
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & Ctt..4& n ?g4« f ff
4 ROOMS, stable. 4 stalls. .Apply sm Thlr"
tleth St.; large barn for 20Uons ha^T
BROADWAY. 1518. near Van Ness— Sunny~£
room house; newly renovated; stable; yarcL
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house.
to let. BALDWIN * HOWF/Lllyp?,?';,*
HOUSES TO LET — FUR.\1SI1ED^
A WELL furnished house, piano." 10 rooms" :
very sunny: fine location: 1375 M«ionle »v«!
Apply -MADISON & BURKE. J *** Onle * ya -
FURNISHED house. 6 rooms and bath to let
cheap. 3033 Twenty-fifth st.. nearChurch.
HOUSES WANTED.
iiou"siEs7^6TjiirsTTK)usES^ ~
We are In need. of houses for elzht eimt^m.
. ers. MOSSMAN. 850 Market yig ,££ *t.
FAC1FIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
E20 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
STEAMER SAILS TO CASPAR TO-DAY.
FREE FAR&— FEE $1.
100 teamsters, laborers, tunnelmen, $2 to
f2 75 day— FREE FARE— FEE $1.
. FREE FARE— LARGE CANNERY.
Leak mender, 25c hour; solderer, 25c hour;
fruit cook. 30c hour: helper. 20c hour; boss
here to-day; work till January 1, 1904.
FREE FARE— FEE *1— TO WILLITS.
BUTTE CO. CHICO. FEE $1.
li>0 teamsters. laborers, woodchoppers and
rockmen, $2 25 to $2 50 day; cheap fare;
private R. R.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK. FEE $1.
FREE FARE.
We want section and extra gang; hands all
over the State. SHIP ON ALL TRAINS AT
ALL TIMES.
SANTA FE R. R. FREE FARE. FEE $1.
14 trackmen and snlkers. 52 25 day.
12 laborers, private R. R.. free fare, board
yourself, fee $1, |2 a day. Come and see us.
S. P. R. R. CO.; free fare; 20 Italian sec-
tion hands.
10 trackmen, electric R. R., (2 a day, south;
fruit cook and helper; cannery: boss here
to-day.
SPECIALS.
Cook, survey outfit, $40 and found; black-
smith, sawmill. ?3 day; 8 buckers, ?55; 6
swampers. $40 and found; 7 lumber pliers,
$40 and found; 2 carpenters, near city. $3 50
day; second cook, country hotel, and
found, fare paid; barber, country hotel.
MISCELLANEOUS.
We want 50 mlnera. 150 laborers, muckers
and carmen for mines: 60 laborers, mills,
yards and woods; 2 saw fliers and hammer-
ers, boss here; 2 farmers and wives: o iron
molders; 2 coremakers; 20 coal miners, Ore-
gon, free fare; 2 screw turners, bis wages;
3 choremen: 4 milkers; German, drive wagon,
city, $12 week, and hundreds of other posi-
tions. Come and read our bulletin boards.
Get a free list of Jobs at the reliable
PAC. EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405
/ FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK. 1
600 laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 a day. ' *
100 section men In all parts of California.
WE SHIP DAILY.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day
MENDOCIXO CO.— CASPAR.
BIG LUMBER CO.
10 tunnelmen $2 75 a day
10 muckers and teamsters $2 25 a day
10 laborers f2 a day
10 men fcr mills and yards. $30 to $60 a
month and board ./FREE TARE.
CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY.
CHEAP FARE.
50 teamsters and rockmen $2 v 50 a day
50 laborers and axraen J2 25 a day
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE. OREGON.
25 coal miners *i a ton
Camp waiter ...$25 a month
\ Cook, near city, 2 In. family $30
.1 hydraulic miners $3 a day
I handy man with tools, flume work
$3 day and board
Man and wife, man to mine, wife to cook
for 6 men $00 a month
CAL EMP. AGENCY. r»» Third St.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 317 STOCKTON ST.
Butler, $40: second butler, $40; coachman,
country, $25 to $30; handy man for Institu-
tion, must have tools. $40 and found; man
to raise chickens or poultry, Drtvate place.
$30; Indoor servant. $30; gardener for nur-
sery. $25 to $30; cook. $20 a week; cook for
institution. $55: French confectioner, $50 and
board; carpenters, country, $3 a day and
more. etc.
WANTED — A young man who can operate
typewriter and has knowledge of' figures;
financial institution; salary to commence. $30
monthly: promotion If merited. Box 4217.
Call office.
GOOD salesmen of wholesale millinery: must
have coast experience r steady position; good
salary. Apply HOLM & NATHAN.
BOY to run elevator; age over 15; recommend-
ed. HOLM & NATHAN.
WANTED — Men for steamers and sailing ves-
sels: all parts of the world. W. B. SWEARS,
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush 43G.
COMPETENT fur cutter: liberal wages to
good man. Apply ROBERT WALLACE. 219
Grant av*.
COOK wanted at Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asy-
lum, 600 Devlsadero st., cor. Hayes; gt«Jd
wages.
WANTED— Locksmith or vise hand. WIL-
LIAM H. OHTZMAN. 1706 Dwight way.
Berkeley.
TRY our men's shews, union made, at $1 per
pair; f-jot-form nhoea at $2 B0. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. It Thiri
St.. Examiner building, 3 doors from Market.
COOK, male or female, wages $50; see party
10:30 a. m. Room 3, 783^ Market st.
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age 18 years.
533 Mission st. .
BEDMAKER wanted at the New Adelaide, 614
Howard St.
WANTED — Young men to deliver samples. Ap-
ply 409 Taylor at.. Thursday evening:.
A WAITER and also a dishwasher. 230
Townsend st.
WANTED— Bench hand. Planing- mill, corner
Melvla- and Addlson sts., Berkeley.
porters wanted. Call Bohemian Club
corner Post.st. and Grant ave.
WANTED — A good shoemaker on repair work
2801 Mission st.
CARPENTER wanted. Apply 1074^Howard
street.
WANTED— Night dishwasher. 8 Hayes it.
BARBERS. 2-chalr outfit for sale. CaIT~2lo
Minna *t. " * RUSSO.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at Jl pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Young man who can run an elec-
trical lever elevator. Apply between 9 and
II a. m. at HALE BROS.
PHARMACIST In manufacturing department:
give age. experience and" references. Box
4602. Call office.
W ANTED — Experienced male stenographer
about 23 years of age; rtate salary expected
and retertnce».---Box 4C03. Call. office.
WANTED— Boy with horse to carry morning
paper; must reside In the Mission. Call, 33S
Thirtieth St.. between 6 and 7 p. m.
WANTED — A bookbinder for all ¦ round work
7 In forwarding 'and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN, VAIL ft CO. 741 Market st.
BOY not over 18 years for beer bottling estab-
¦ lUhment. Call at 1510 Ellis st.
CANDYM AKER. good all-round man. for re-
tall store. Box C. Call : Branch. ; 300 Hayes.
WANTED — Boy to learn trade and do errands.
13 Trinity st.. . bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
TRY. our. men's' shoes, union made, at $1 pair-
: foot-form shoes at $2 60; : we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bidg.
PANTS - finishers wanted by < S.' N. WOOD &
CO. fx Apply at 27 Geary st.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO.. '
740 Market st. rv '
\ r ¦ . .Crown Point. 10 20 Sierra Nev .. B2 54
Excheqner .. — 01 Silver HIU... 82 85
Gould & Cur. 38 39 Union 78 77
Hale & Nora. 54- 65 Utah 34 S.1
Imperial .... 03 04 Yellow Jacket 6S 69
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
Colehan 18 19 Rescue 15 i«
E«peranza ..05 06 Ton Belmont.1 90 2 00
Gipsy Queen. — 27 T * Cal 37 60
Gold M Con. 10 15 Ton Fraction. X CO
Lucky Tom . — 10 Tort ft O W. W 10
MacNamara . 22 2a Ton of Nev. — 8 CO
Mizpah Ex .. — 45 Ton N Star JW —
Mont Ton ... 95 96 Ton Midway. 50
N Y Ton .. OS 11 Ton & S Lake — 53
Paymaster ..15 20 United Ton.. — is
.Pine Grove... 50 — Utopia 40 55
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
.- John H. and Gertrude E. Yoell to same, un
divided ¦% same; grant.- ¦ • _ - ..
i ¦ Arthur F. and Adelaide M. Bridge to William
A.. Thomas* Jr. and FTederlc E. Magee. lot on
SE corner of Sutter*and Powell streets, E 25 by
S 57; »1O. - ; \
Robert L." and Alice S. Coleman to-Edward
McLaughlin, lot on SW corner of -Turk 1 and
Jones streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Joseph M. Masten and. Georglana M. and W.
F. Perkins to United. Realty Company. -lot on
N corner of Third and Hunt streets. NE 160.
NW 110. 8W 60. SE C5, : SW 20, SE 15, : SW
80, BE 40: $10. i
Joseph Masten and G. M. Perkins to same,
lot on NW line of Mission street, 275 NE of
Fourth, NE 30 by NW 160; $10. "~ ' .
. William A..* Harriet H.. Thomas Jr:; Estelle
W. H.. Frederic E. and Bell , M. < Magee to
John Hemphlll, lot on SE line of Mission street.
205 NE of Eighth. NE 50. SE 80. SW 25. SE
80 SW 25, NW 160: $10.
-~ Mary F. and Thomas H. Murphy to Morris
W and Belle S. Solomon, lot on NW line of
Howard street. 225 SW of Eighth. SW 25 by
NW 00; $10. : . •
Patrick Moyles (by W. F. Williamson, trus
tee) to Amelia S Crane, 1012 D. 223. undivided
»A of lot on NE line of Langton street. 217 SE
of Bryant. SE 24 by NE 80. trustee's deed;
$674. * -
A Preston and Amelia. S. Crane (Hall) to
Eleanor M Vultcevlch. all same; $10. -
W F and Paula Williamson to same, same;
$10' '
George and Eliza Dlllmann to Catherine Me
Elwalne lot on E line of Kansas street, 100
S of Yolo. S 25 by E 100; $10. „,
I Oliver R. and Maria E. Dale to Albert. W.
Lehrke lot on E line of Mississippi street. 25
N of Eighteenth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Howland K: Mouthrop to Mary A. Mouthrop.
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 175 N of I
street N 25 by E 12/»: gift.
Jdcob Snyder to Edward M. Worthington. lot
on W line o> Arch street. 200 N of Randolph,
N 50 by W 100, lots 43 and 44. block 25.' City
Land Association ; $10 • " ~»
Solomon and Dora Gets to Magdalena M.
Steele lot 30, block 41. same; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Get* to Ernest C. and
Josephine E Read, lot on NW line of Madrid
street 25 NE of Persia avenue. NE 25 by NW
75. portion block 28. Excelsior Homestead As-
FHzaHuyck to William C. Fisher, lot, 44,
block 26 City Land Association; $10.
Annie L Fry to Mary E. Redmond, lot on
SW lint, of Sixteenth avenue. 175 NW of P
street. NW 25 by SW 100. block 332. O'N. and
H " TrflCt " 410 *
John F.' andMary E., Kinslow to Ferdinand
E Hesthal. lot on NW line of Mission street.
»08-6 NE of Twenty-ninth. NE 30 by NW 100.
lot ir Garden Land Homestead Association;
• Martha J.' Perry -"(wife of John W.> and
Martha W. Coughlan (wife of J. H.) to Henry
E. Botlttn, lot on ' SE corner of Van Ness ave
nue and- Lombard street, E 135:8%. S 140. NE
115,' Bj3 32, 1 to. Van Ness avenue to beginning;
$10.' . .--..- ¦ :• :.. . ¦^.¦- .
Benjamin and Sarah D. Barbash to Bernhard
Bamberger, lot. on N line of Post street, 54 \V
Of Franklin, W 20 by N 120: |10. ». :
- Catherine F. Hobson to Daniel W. Hobson,
undivided % of lot on N line, of Post street,
27:6 E of Devlsadero.ftC 20 byyN.110; gift.
John ,C. and Ella^ O. Fitiehen to Emil C.
Woenne Jr., -lot on 8 line of Twentieth. street,
300 E of Guerrero, B 25 by S 116; $10.
¦ Sophia Casey - to : Anna M. Elgsler. lot on S
line of Twentieth street, 255 W-of Church, W
24 by 8 114; gift. :-¦ ¦'.' "-.' , ly-
Carl F.J..Caldwell to' Map- .E. Caldwell, lot
on SW llnei-bf Dorland street. 119:9 N\V_of
Church, NW ( -.2B.by SW 123:7: gift. . "¦ •
Frances B. King '(wife of Michael) to Pierre
and Vlctorine St.; Martin.' lot. on E line of Ca*r
tro street. 247 N of Nineteenth. N 25 by E 125;
*10. -.¦•-- .', r/. -, ;-.^ :...»,¦ ... .¦
Emily. C. #oell to Henry-' Brunner. '.undivided
M lot on W line ef Montgomery street, 68:9 S
of Bush; 8 34:4% Dy W B0; $10. • '
REAL ESTATE. TRANSACTIONS!
-- Giovanni Flgoni (executor of the estate of
Stefano Cereghlno. deceased) to James J. Mc-
Elroy. all interest in lot on SW corner of Fifth
and Filbert streets. W 60 by 8 94, lota 31 and
82. * Adeline and -Market Streets Homestead,
Oakland; $2300.- . '
Ann McCann to Anna McCann (wife of Jameii
Henry), lot on N line of West Fifth street.
60 E of Henry, E 25 and extending N at right
angle to S line of lot 34. 95 feet of lot 3, block
495, map of redlvlslon of city blocks 494 to" 496
as recorded. .Oakland; gift.
A. M. Burns -to Emma. H. Burns, 4'4 acres
fronting 4tsx feet on Second avenue and at right
angle 420 SE to center line of block V. Ming
lots 14 to 17 and W of lot 18, block V, Oak
land; also 2.77 acres bounded on the E by.W
line of Unds of Louis Janin Jr., N by center
line of.Vernon or First avenue. W by lands
of Peter Donahue and S by center line of Sec
ond avenue,- being lots 12, 21 and W portions
of lots 13 and 20, block V, same map, Oakland;
gift. ' '¦
Perry' E. and Mary A. Maddux to Mathias
and Amalia Goldsam. "lot on SW line of East
Fifteenth street. 100 SE of .. Seventeenth ave
nue, SE 50 by SW 140, lots 19 and 20. block
19, San Antonio, subject to balance due on
mortgage of $t5C0, East Oakland; $10.
Susan L. Mills (administratrix with will an
nexed estate of Sarah Alexander) to Harriet
N. Clark (single), all interest in lot 5. block F
(80 on Wayne avenue). Peralta Heights, East
Oakland: $1330.
Harriet N. Clark (single) to Cecelia M. F.
Nixon (wife of J. R.), same. East Oakland; $10.
• Levl J. Moran (single) to Mark T. Ashby, lot
beginning at SE corner of two-acre tract con
veyed to James Edgar. 40 D. 177, thence b'W
along line dividing said two-acres from land of
one Colby. 450.81 to E College avenue, N 150,
NE 380.31, SE 150, portion Vicente Peralta
reservation, subject to mortgage $1500, Berke
ley, warranty deed; $10.
F. S. Page to Dora L. Martin, lot on NW
corner of Dana and Haste streets, W 60 by N
45, portion subdivisions - W and Y of lot 5.
block 5, College homestead, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Mary Reed (widow) to William F. and Mary
Taylor, all Interest in lot' on N line of Addlson
street. 200 W of Grant. -W 50 by N 138, lot 2,
map subdivisions 6 and 7, Hardy tract, subject
to contract of sale 875. D. 128; also all Interest
in all property of estate of James Reed, in
cluding-all moneys hereafter to be paid on con
tract for sale, Berkeley; $10.
L. D. Eyre (widow) to Elinor D. E. Malic
Alameda County.
Louisa J. Muirhead (owner) with Richard
Fahy (contractor), architect William H. Arml
tage-^AH work for construction of two extra
stories on a three-story brick building now In
course of erection on NE corner of Larkln
Hayes streets. E 45:4^4. NE 61:3. NW 100. SW
45:3%, 8 90:6%} $24,200. - „ V,,
Mrs. G. H. Mendell Jr. or Mary B. llendell
(owner) with Charles Stockholm (contractor),
architect Frank S. Van Trees — All work for al
terations and additions to a three-story frame
building on SUne* of Pacific avenue. 170 W of
Scott street. W 27 by 8 127:8Vi". $3000.
Thomas J. Striven (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architect All work for a two
story frame building i (store and flat) on NE
corner of Sanchez and Twenty-ninth streets, N
26:6 by E 100; $4656. *
-J. W.Ragan- (owner) with F.~H. Born (con
tractor), architect W. G. Hind — All work for a
two-story frame building • (flats) on W line of
Central avenue. 75 S of Haight street. 8 25 by
W 112:6; $5175.
Francis J. and Katie A. Povey (owners) with
Cobbey & Hansen (contractors), architect Fran
cis J. Povey — All work for a one and a half
story frame cottage on E line of Thirty-fifth
avenue. 200 S of Clement street, S 25 by E 120,
Outside Lands 215; $1SOO.
C. T. Ryland (owner) with W. H. Wlcker
eham (contractor), architects Mahoney & Ry
land—All work except grading, foundation and
buff brick and mantels, fas fixtures and nhades
for a three-story and basement frame building
jiflve flats) on SE corner of Bush and Web
ster streets. E 27:6 by 87:6; $16,475.
Thomas F. Cody (owner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor and architect) — All work
for a one-story cottage on W line of Potrero
avenue, 200 N of Twenty-second street, N 25 by
W 10O:'$2S0O. • ' '- __ ¦ , ¦ - - -
Caroline E. and Edward R. Leese (owner)
with Felix Marcuse (contractor), architect
All work for a two-story- and attic frame
building on 8 line of Lake street. 60 E of
Fourth avenue. E 30 by 3 100; $4000.
Wallace Bradford (owner) with Kern &
Etbacn (contractors), architect N. J. Tharp—
Painting, etc.. for a two-story frame building
on S line of Jackson < street. 92:3 E of Maple,
E 75, S 127:8%. W 22, N 8:8. W 53, N 119:1,
W. A. 830: $1250. • . ¦
J; A. Bergerot and Thomas Lacoste (owners)
with J. Hammond & Co. (contractors), archi
tect J." Godard— Passenger elevator for apar
ment house on N line of Ellis street. 30 E of
Franklin, 40 by 120; $2500.
Rose C. C. Williams (owner) with William
Loan? (contractor), architect J. H. Williams—
Plumbing, gas fitting and sewering for a four
story frame building (eight flats) on NW corner
of Waller and Webster streets: $1950.
Banzhaf Brothers (owners) with R. C. An
drus (contractor), architect Theodore W. Len
ten.—All work except painting for a two-story
brick' building on N line of Nineteenth street,
4».Wof Shotwell, 73:6 by 62:6; $8900.
Western Addition Masonic Hall Association
(owners) with Gray Brothers (contractors), ar
chitect Fred/D. Wood— Excavating, bulkhead
ing, ; concrete and iron work, granite curb, for
a five-story building on-W line of Flllmore
street, 62:6 S of Sutter. 8 50 by W 100;. $5000.
also lot on E . line of Valencia street. 269 i 2 *»
N.of Mission N 33:2%.' SE 5l>:2»/i.- 8W-3O NW
40. lot 28. and all interest in block bounded by
Valencia. Mission and Army'streets-;-$lO.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles R. Bryant (administrator estate ef
Robert M. Bryant) to Emma J. Herrod fwlfa
of William), lot on W line of Chapel street, 180
N of Bancroft way, JT60 by W 135:1%. portion
lot 4, block 5. villa lots adjoining to University
on 8. Berkeley: $6718.
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton to Catherine
Paine, lot on E/llne of Tevls street, 100 N of
Lloyd avenue. N 25, E 84:4. 8 25, W 82.50. por
tion , lot 3, block D, map Frultvale Station
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Standard Realty and Development Company
(corporation) to 8. M. Stone, lot on BE corner
of Third and Harrison streets, E 100 by 8 50.
lots 7 and 8. and portion of lot 9, . block 15,
Kellersberger'e Map., Oakland; $10.
Marlon Williams (widow) to James M. and
Henrietta Taylor," lot on NW corner of Marl
posa (or Fifty-ninth) and Brown streets, W 41.
N 116:6. W €6. N 40. E 107. 8 156:6, lour Zi
and 41, map of resubdlvlsion of block A, Bru
magim Tract, Oakland; $10.
Rose Groh (Watson) to Walter Watson, lot
12. block 21, Daley Scenic Park Tract. Berke
ley :-$10.-*-
Hansford B. and Luna P. Griffith to Simeon
S. Quackenbush. lot on W line of Spruce street.
120 S of Eunice. 8 40 by W 134:7, being N 40
feet of lot 4, block 10. property of Berkeley
Villa Association. Berkeley; $10.
J. G. Klumpke to Julius and Bertha Wegnsr.
lot 9, block B, Amended Map of Teachers'
Tract. Berkeley; also assigning to second par
ties certificate of tax sales Nos. 226, 251, 143,
207, ISO, for years 189« to 1900; $10.
L. G, and Mary I. Burpee to George W.
Austin (single), lot on N line of Twenty-first
or Hobart street, 250 W of Telegraph avenne,
W 30 by N 100, lots 9 and 11, corrected map
Jones Tract. Oakland; $10.
James J. McElroy (single) to Catherine Don
ahar (widow), lot on S line of Eighth street. 90
E of West. E 60 by 8 10O. lots 10 and 11 and
portion lot 9. block 90, Kellersberger 1 * map.
Oakland: $10.
• Bridget Kllloran (single) to Margaret M.
May. lot on SW corner of East Thirty-second
(Montgomery) and Union streets. 8 10© by ,W
100. being the NE corner of block I, map New
Town Lynn. East Oakland: $10.
William H. and Fannie H. C. Hardy to Jen
nie E. Dunbar (wife of Joshua), lot on E Una
of Oak street, 25 S of Seventh. 8 25 by E 70.
portion of lot 7, block 133. Map of Dillon prop
erty. Oakland: 110.
H. H. Seawell (single) to Sarah A. Donlin
(wife of M.), lot on N line of Eleventh street.
466 E of Center. E 32 by N 110. portion of lots
9 and 10, Map of Center-street Home Lots a:
Oakland Point. Oakland: $10. (
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation), lota 47 and 48. block 34;
lots 8 and 0. block F; lota 16 and 17, block 31:
lots 5. 8 and W balf of lot B. block 25. Map of
Resubdlvlslon of Smith's Subdivision of Mat
thews Tract. Berkeley; subject to all liens now
of record; $10.
Same to same, lot on 8W corner of Univer
sity avenue and Sacramento street. W 89, 8
150. E 4».N 150. portion of lot 1, block 1. Map
of Shaw Tract. Berkeley; subject to eame; $10.
• Same to same, lot on 8E corner of Alvord
and Dwindle streets. £J 240, 8 132:6. E 40. S
132:6. W 240, N 132:6. W 40. N 132:6. lot* 1
to 6 and 14 to 19. block 1, Case Tract. Berke
ley; subject to same: $10. ' ••
Same to same, lot on 8 line of University
avenue. 313 W-cf Sacramento street. W 104.
S 134, E 45. S 2. E 59. ~N 138, portion ot lot
4, bloctf 1, Shaw Tract, Berkeley; subject t>
same; $10. ~
Bam* to same, lots 4. 6. 8 and 14. block F.
Map of J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland; •ub
' J-ct to same; $10.
Charles Harrison (single) to Max Schnuten
haus, lot 35. map Gem Tract, deed made to
' correct name of grantee. 676 D. 141. quitclaim
deed. Brooklyn Township; $10. • . - ..
Wiiham Roberts (as executor estate of John
Booken. deceased) to H. P. and Rose Nielsen,
lot on W corner of Castro and A streets • or
Pierce street. NW 204. 8W 102:8. NW 68:7.
SW 82:5, SB 285.12. NE 159.15. to beginning
. Hay-ward, Eden TownshlD; grant.
(wife of Cbariea M.). lot en S lin« of CItntoi
avenue., 84 W of Walnut. W 41 by S 130, por
tlon lots 1 to 3, block D, BelUvue tract, etc.,
Alameda ; $10.
St. Mary's College (by Thepphlle Marcaux,
president, and Henry Z. Jones) to Carl A. Vo
gel.. lot 3. Bona- Terrace. Fruitvale District.
Brooklyn Township; recorded July 20. 1903;
$10.
Id* M. and Anna Louise ¦Wetmore (both sin
gle) to Helen Smith, lot on NE corner of Corn
wall street and Shattuck avenue. N 50.07. E
108.20, S 60. W 110.84, lot 1, map McElrath
Tract. Oakland; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO I CALL v^THUnSDAY,JUL.Y 23, 1903.
13
OAKMl ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ¦• .OAKLAyb REAL ESTATE. .' :
TATLOR, fiRpS.* *icO:. OAKLAND. CAL.
• A^; ..>.. SPECIAL.-
?4000 — One of ¦ the. finest residences two-story,
attle and basement. 12 rooms;^- strictly
ij*g: modern; 'finished lii selected redwood; fihe"
mantel: .on. a;eorner; both stre»ts paved:
cement tialka; cement coping; carinol be
'r*. * duplicated for $7500; owner a non-resi-
dent and compelled to sell; ofTer wanted';
(nvestigatlon .solicited;' only part cash'-
-¦' necessary. TAYLOR BROS. & CO. ' sole
, agenUt. ,- ., .-.'.'¦.- n*.\ ... : •
TATLOR BRO£ & CO. .V '
$500— Lot. 26x136 ,/«et t - with cottage .of • 2
rooms;. Oakland ave.. near Pleasant Yal-'
I ¦ ley;. $50 cash and $10 per month;- 8'" per*
¦ cent on deferred payments: ' -' No L
$900 — Cottage,. 4 rooms, on Twenty-sixth ' st
'-¦¦;•>* between . Grove and San Pablo; cannot be
duplicated for J1250; $300 cash, and bal-
".. -ance easy term»; thjs Is" a snap. 1 ¦ No. 969
$2250 — Cottage. 6 rooms, basement; lot 25 feet'
. front; strictly modern; y, block to La-
fayette ¦ school: $750 cash, balance easy
terms. . . ...... «. ¦
$4500— Handsome, ten-room residence on cor-
ner ;"mbcadam!ted streets; cement walks;
cement coping; lot terraced; property cost.
--$7&00.8nd In excellent repair; insured for
$5000; owner non-re6tdent- and -forced to
sell. .
" N^ TATI^OR BROS. & CO..
'/1236 Broadway. Telephone Cedar 351.
$250 CASH 'AND $10 MONTHLY.
For 1 acre or 18 lots, sandy loam sail, cov-
'ercd with fruit trees;'2flne springs on* the
land r"2 blocks to electric, rg>d and across the
street from a nice public schdol; away from
fogs and. harsh*. wlndsj:near-a 5 00-:foot boule-
vard; art Ideal location for a home*, a few
more acres may he had adjoining; some nice
' homes Surronnding;, price Tn all $500.
, . $2?5 cash. $8 00 'monthly— New cottage. 4
I rooms', bath, pantry; 'clOsets, "etc. ; modern;
. soil and location, unsurpassed; adjoining East
Oakland; lot 85x138;- "more land can 'be had;
price ln-till, $1250.* CalU«r send, for clrcu-
lar.,455 7th nt.," opp. -Broadway station, Oak-
land. C%rrfage free." H. Z. JONES, owner.
ALE3t..MUftDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND' FUR.MTURE FOB SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. . H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
PALAtisrav.
M.. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 65 Third st.j
¦ ladies, 25c; gents,. 50c; brs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
__ PAPKIIHAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG. . ET(\
ROOMS papered, ,$3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmarn Paint Co.. 319 3d it.: tel. Main *\i
PHYSICIAX9 AXD SURGEOXS. ' •
DR. C. C. O'DON^ELL— Office and . resldTncel
1021H Market st.,' bet. Sixth and. Seventh;
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, fhiti doctor;
treats all diseases , of the' human tody; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st.. near Lea venworth. •:
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal, herb doctor; cures all diseases o( human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington a/.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases/ * specialty.
. DR. BALL. 1037% Market st ' . - , -.-. '
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eates cured by Chinese herbs. -,7t6-S Clayst.
SPECIAL XOTICES. ' * ¦ '•• '• ;
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies,"
In letter- by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladelpla. Pa.- -
SPECIALISTS. ~~~
CATARRH, DEAFNESsTnTNOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
- ment free.- Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter at.'
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye,, ear, nose and
threat. Removed to 428 Edly st.- - -..
SBW1XG MACHINES AXlS SUPPLIES
$15 60 drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand;
$6 to $15; come nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
et.. bet. 5th and Oth; phone South 433; eleva-
tor; branch. 2S5 Geary st.; phone Main 750.
STORAGE AXD AVAItEHilUSES .
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
ftce Post- and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage; — Furniture and merohan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East -126.
GOLDE5. West Storage; aJvances made; 840
1 Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture , Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
«t. ; teL Main' 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
n . . . 1 _ t . _ , _ _. . - . - __ n i
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. 'Don't delay.
- _TVFB WRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITE^S^IvV-e
eell better machines for less'.money than any
house In th« City; rentals $3 The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 200.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each;. get par-
tlculara. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110. Mont-
gomery, at.-.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, ranted repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 209: Sansom*. '
CJ DIVIDEND XOTICES^ ~. ~~ ~
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, July 20, 1003.— At
a. regular meeting of the board of directors
of this company, held THIS DAY, a dividend
was declared, payable on and after July 22
lftO3. LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
/proposals. ~
UNITED SPATES Engineer Office, office Of
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., July 21,-1903—
. Sealed proposals Tor building portions of flama
(known as Barriers Nos. 1 and 2) on Yuba
RlVer. Yuba County, about 14 to 15 miles
..above Marysville, .Cal.. will be received here
until 12 noon. August 5. 1903, and then pub-
licly opened. ' Information furnished on ap- :
plication. R. R. JOHNSTON. Captain, En-
gineers. Secretary. ¦ .. *-.,.
MAREIAGE LICENSES. ,
; The following marriage licences were Issued
yesterday: .. . . •
Henry L. White' 21. 117 Eleventh street.'and
Stella JOhanxOn, 18,1717 Mission street. E?
' Hans T; Hennlg. R0» Octavia street, and
Laura Freiermuth. 42!»% Oak street. - *-•'*¦-
Frank J. Hoflroir. ,21, Haywards, and Nellie
C. ArnoJd, 21, Oakland. , - *„..
Stephen O'Connor. 25, city, and Catherine
Burke, 22,. city. . .. -- . •* - .
Edward S. Beamish, 21, 25 Oak street, and
Lillian E. fitanton, 18, 3470 Twentieth street.
Paul Pezzolo, 22. 2230 Greenwich street,", and
Kate Gray. IS. 1525 Ellis street. .'.* >
Frederick. II. Jfelbrush; 24, 249 First avenue,
and Eleanor E. O'Brien, 20, 454 Fell street, -
C. 'Axel Anderson. 33, 1990 Folsom street,
and Marie Lund, 10, 1900 Folsom. street. -'
Henry W. von KaplT. 32, city, and Isabella
J. Stevens. 20. olty. • . . • .
, Gcotge 8. Worthlnarton, 29, 1427 San Bruno
avenue, und Daley AVeir, 20, 1427 San Bruno
avenue. '. '. t -, ¦ ¦. , ».
Ernest E. Lemke,..3l, Canandaigua, 'N.'Y.,
and Eugenia 'A. Meson. 18. Carton. City, Nev.
• Chetter 8. Rollston.' 23. 74. Geary street, 'and
Rote' Wright. lfl.'Kacra mento. ¦-.» ¦-•-¦'. •¦ -. ?¦
: BIRTHS-MARRIAGJ^IIEATHS,;
Birth, marriage "and death , notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted., They must be handM
In at : eitber of the: publication offices and be
Indorsed with the'name'anfl- residence of , per-
sons authorized to T«a\-e the' same published. .,-
BISHOP— In this clt.v. July 20, 1003, to*, the
wife of Harry. W.- UlFhop, , a son. ». • '
DABOVICH— In this city. July 1H, 1903. 10 the
. wife of' G*or*«. A..' Dabovlch (nee FlorenCo
Cliase>. a daughter. r
MacDONALD— In this city.' July 14, 1003.'; to
• tho. wife of George E. MacDonald, a daughter.
.WILLMOTT— In this city. July 19, 1003, to the
- wife of Horace Wlllmott. s «. daughter. :".*-
- ¦¦,:-^y-- ;died.'' ; ,. ;\ r- % :
¦ Alter.- Jean I R. V • ' ;, Harrington, William
-".. Armbruiter.- Sdphla -~ Krey#>, John I^.> ->
:; Bostrom, Mary-H. ,- /Layden, William >¦'
DflBudgp, Ilai'mond Lyon*, Catherin« M.
• Demarest, Lena , . Mclver. . Margaret '
Donahue, l^>len ¦.•;'¦« Maloney ¦ Dennis 1 '
¦'• Dunne, Je^le M. .'- O'Connell, .'Annie * '
¦ ,. •Engestrom, Klllabcth /, Hih^itrom.' Annie
.-Falk,- Nathan '¦''•.-¦'- Re^Mion, Mary • .'. A
John, . Hmlth, Isaac- P.'w f
"•'¦ Fraxer, Henry 1 C. l •',, Stamhaugh.Mary
.(Geary. Henry J..,.. V ' Veitch,/ Kate A. •
;/ Grten,- Mrs.v Mary, AT- 'Wagner. ; Lydia
'* Griffin, Mary L. ' •_ Wells, F. Marlon »
4 Orlschott, : George L. 1 . .Williami,' Lewis
Hanlon,. John - . ¦ . '
ALTER— In / this city. July 22. 1903. , Jean 1 R. : ,
-.; beloved :- daughter.' of, Laura and 'Fred Alter,
' and sieter "of "Harry- K.-* and • Melvln Alter,"' a
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH
• OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THEr
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE '
ot Germany, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on that,
day. ¦ as made to the - Insurance, Commissioner
of the State of California, 'pursuant' to the
provisions of sections 010 and 611 of -the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: - v
. , ... • assets. >:-o:M
Cash Market Value of all Stocks - -
and Bonds owned by Company. $734,535 00
Ca«h In Company's Office ' 95 05
Cash In Banks 147,337 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion. • • "151.593 90
Bills receivable, not Matured. .
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 1,378 79
Due f'ontv other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
"paid .... ? . ......... '83 02
Total Assets $1.035. 02S B6
LIABILITIES.
Lotses adjusted and unpaid 98
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense • • 63,662 68
Losses resisted. Including expenses. M41 ,74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks. ..:'.
running one year or less. $637.-
113 89; "reinsurance 60 per cent. 316.656 »4
Gross premiums on . Fire Risks
running, more than one year,
$38° 254 91; reinsurance pro
rata .......••••• •• 220,726 40
AU. other Liabilities ............ 34.07081
' Total LiabllKUa $652.713 55
. - _;, , INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire . __
premiums • • •• ••TT.18T 78
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds." Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 25.006 82
Received from all other sources.. 97.512 40
Total Income $861.207 00
EXPENDITURES. . -.
Net amount paid for Fire, Losses
(including $75,537 78. losses of_
previous years)' ................ $380,596 07
Paid of allowed for CommlMlon or v >
Bi-okerage .'.........¦.."..•••• 157.833 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other .--
charges. for' officers, clerks, etc. 77,964 83
Paid for State. National and Lo- ¦ -
cal taxes .....'.:..•••• ••• 18.830 00
Air other Payments and Expendl- :,
ToUl Expenditures ....... . . . . $742,046 40"
Losses Incurred during th, year. . . .$384,882 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums"
Net amount , of Risks , • "
yVar 1 ?:^^^^ $78^06.902 $1,082,669 61 i
.Net 'amount of Risks , '
?SaSS-if-fl8l? 74.064.661 i 1.019.368 80
J . At' KELSET. U. S. Manager.
' 'Subscribed and 'sworn to before me this 3d
day of February 1903. ¦ - • •
. -< : CM.; DOUGHTY. Notary Public
nKXjL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
A BARGAIn7 "~ ~- ~--
A lovely home 7 rooms bath and basement;
hulll In 1901 by a master mechanic and con-
tractor for his own use and thoroughly done;
circular windows: inlaid potlsh pd floors; par-
lore, birdseye maple; -hall, oak;: Others In
harmony; cranj view; " private gas ' plant;
very tastefully furnished; must be Been t<r b«
Bpj'reci<4tr<3; Investigate;/ complete; : JWKW;
lioux; alone,$4SO0. MOSSMAK.R50 Market.r.o.
HOTEL and lot; 40 rooms: restaurant, bar and
billiard rooms; part cash. MOSSMAN. 850
Market pt. .¦¦¦•:¦'•
LOT on Third st.: 2 small buildings; flS.OOO.*
MOSSMAN. S.V* Market et. J -
CHARMING Mill -Valley is growing very fast.,
New houses are ppringlng up on. all: sides.
I^and values are Increasing rapidly. > Lyon A
HoaR have placed a new tract on the market,
right at the station, and are selling lots -Tat.
from $8 to $12 per front foot on terms .of 10
I>cr cent cash, balance $10 monthly. .Over 80
lots have been sold recently. Streets are
graded, water mains laid, electric tights,
etc.; grand old trees. Don't delay, but ret
in on the ground floor. Branch ofnea. Mill
Valley, oi.en Sundays. Pend ¦ for booklet.
LYON & UOAG. 11* Montgomery ft. . .
( 1SC0 PAYMENT on 2 new flats on Mission
et.. nr. SOth- will pay 22 pr ct; rents $45 mo.
Jl.%00 payment on 2 n»w flats on Army st..
nr. Mission; will pay *-•« pr ct; rents $38 mo.
D. COFFIN. 3.M13 Mission st. Open fcundwy.
TllE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM -
PANY. 811-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment- $8 per month pays principal ana
Interest on esch $1000 ot balance doe. - ,-¦
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ave.:
plans terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUXTREE & CO.. =137 Carl nt.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
ft. for sale en ea*y payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prioes to suit you: operfl>
FOR pale House K rms.; high basement; sunny
Bide l'.'th l>ot. Valencia & Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephen? & Co., 221 Powell.
FOR pale DOzlOO. NW. cor. Eighteenth and
Folsom sts.. with the improvements. Call at
2i:>> Folsom st.
FOR sale— A lovely home near Glen Park. See
photo at MOSSMAN'S. S50 Market, : room 5.
6-ROOM house on Twenty-first near Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder.
HEAL ESTATE— Country-— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards,
vinevards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue i^nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market Et. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMED. A JRJSAI^ESTAT^^V
JCST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR! \
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
'train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125. '
Nice 5-room cottage anS bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TeL Grand 1461. 1500 Park st., Alameda.
BERKELEY' ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$2250—7 ROOMS and bath near college; fine
view and warm and sheltered location;
large lot; a modest home and one that
will Increase in value.
$2000 — 6 rooms and bath; lot 60x120; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line. - Jii-
$300— Lot* half-block from Grove-et. car line.
$."¦00 — New 8-room and bath; Hiilegass Tract;
lot £2:6x159; this is a beautiful home and '
- In best residence district of Berkeley.
$2050 — 7 rooms and bath, on Charming way;
street work done; 3 blocks from station.
$.".500 — 7-room house, barn; large lot; on street
car llr.e; exceptional easy terms, to respon-
sible party.
$1620 — 6-room house, near College ave.; lot
4i»xl20.
J1000— Lot 45x125, E. side Fulton; street work
done. - • v
$1COO — 5 rooms and bath; 35x135; Parker st.
$ICTO — i-room cottage; lot 50x135.
CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O." Block, Berkeley.
AN IDEAL COTTAGE.
A new 5-room cottage with large reception
hall. bath. . stationary tubs, patent toilet,
gas f.xtures; street work done; convenient to
station ar.d street cars; prlce^$240O; will
make terms to suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. , Lorin.
.
FOR THOSE WHO PAY RENT.
I will -r :i you a home by paying a small
oath payment and the balance to be paid oft
bv what you are now paying as rent; we will
also build you a home on the same terms.
Open Sundays. ., Lorin.
HERE IS A BARGAIN.
A new S-room house with all modern Im-
provements ; close to street - cars> and . sta-
tion; price $2250; terms, small cash " pay-
ment, balance same as rent. - -
. - O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. >-. ¦ . Lorln.
LOTS lor $10 cow n' and $5 per month; these
arc nice lots all . sewered, bandy to cars;
price only $200. ] . .
?2oOO — Handsome. ¦ well-built 7-room house;
windmill, oarn, stable, wagon fhed; lot
C0xl43: street wcrk complete; close to
cars; $200 c&»h, balance $25 per mor.tb. .'
$S00 — A Berkeley chicken ranch; 3-reom.
house; chicken-houses, stable, wagon
¦ - sheds; lot 90x125; fenced; '.j block Xrom
cans; cat sell on terms.
$1300 — H»ndsom<\ well-built 5-room house;
hard finished, bath, toil' -t, high, hard lin-
Uhed basement; nice lot; small barn;
close to caisi $300 cash, balance. $11 per
month. W. C. MORAN. Lorin ctatljn; or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station. * -
$4000 — 8-ROOM .house, stable, chicken bouses.
' cow batn and outhouses; lot 160x135;
street work and Eidewaiks complete: slt-
- uatf d at 15O7 Prince £t. ; terms to suit.
$2500 — tt-room cottage; lot 45x130; near Schools.
station and car line 1 , in best residential
section of Berkeley; $1000 cash, balance
flat loan.
$7200 — Business block at Berkeley station; an
elegant opportunity for a safe investment;
W. C. MORAN A CO.;
2131 Rhattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
BUSINESS and residence corner foj pale .in
Alnmoda; the NE. corner of Central ave.
and Sixth et.. 54 feet on Central ave. by
123 feet on' Sixth et.. containing 'cottage of
r» rooms, bath, patent closets, etc., on
Sixth; st.; also store building on corner with
-living rooms:, now doing a fair business; 8.'
P. narrow gauge station opposite; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply or address
H C. CALLHEIMEIt. 001 Central ave., Ala-
meda. on premises^ J •
BARGAIN — Well-built 10-room hcuse; must be
Bold; owner leaving. 2433 Warring ft.
FRUITVALK ADVERTISEMENTS
FUl'ITVALB REAL ESTATE. - t
CHARLES F. LEE, ¦£
One-half Block Frultvale Station.
$050— Lovely shingle cottage of*2' rooms,
large barn, tine well, nice, fruit trees and
flowere; on street car line; lot Mrxl.'!0; close
to fine h-f-hool; only $200 ath, balance month-
ly as n 1 1.
£1200 — 6-room and bath cottage: lot IOOx
10u; ae?.r school; fine well; good location.
Lots $75 each, $5 each. '$5 monthly — VRosa
Lee" tract; no cold winds or fogs; sandy
loam soil; close to electric cars and school ;
why pay rent when you can own your own
borne? Six houses built In the last '.rTTiouths.
Five acres. 2 pprln'gs. covered with bearing
fruit trees; $2000; easy terms. CHARLES F.
LEE. »4 block station. Phone Vale. 296.-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROAD WAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — NEARLY new, modern colonial cottage
> of 6 rooms, high basement; brick founda-
tion, porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
all in fine condition: lot 50x140 (note the
tire);, street work all done; stone side-
walks laid; op^n lawn; choice residence
location near Grove st. ; fine barn,- gravel
driveway, garden 'and a few fruit-trees;
must be sold; owner away; cannot.be du-
plicated at the price: must be , seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment 'if desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 . BROADWAY. OAKLAND. •
ST/\TE7VVE1NT
OF THTT
CONDITION AND A77AIBS
HANOVERFIRE
?j > : Insurance Company
Or NEW TORK. IN THE BTATB oy meir
«wJT 0rlt^ 0 ? tt t 31st dAr i >f I>«*n»b«: aT^
1902. and for the year ending on that day at
made to the Insurance Commissioner ot 'thm
State of California, pursuant to th* prorlatana
of sections 610 and 611 of th* Political Cote
condensed aa per blank furnished by tit* Com.
mies loner: "- V '
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid 119 "¦•¦, r '--
tn Cash .$1.000.000 00
ASSETS.'
Real Estate owned by Company .« $490,000 09
Loans on Bonds and Uortgageai... 3 500 Ml
Cash Market Value of "all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 2,837 813 S3
Amount of Loans secured by pledr»
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... bqq m
Cash In Company'* offlc* ......... 19 TS1 01
Cash. In Banks 800*504 Tt
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .............. 18.981 60
Interest due and accrued on Bonds. ¦
and Mortgages 14 B9
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 434.064 14
Rents due and accrued 1,608 84
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 21,393 gft
Total Assets .13.795.lffr 39
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjnsttd and unpaid...... $103,139 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 130.755 34
Losses resisted. Including- expenses. 44.888 M
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run.
nlng one year or lens. $1,737,-
788 82: r«lnsur«nc« BO ner cent... ' 868,894 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ran-
' nlng more than one year, SI. 60S.-
213 88: reinsurance pro rata..... 869.231 83
Commissions and Brokerage da*
and to become du* 90,140 IT
All other Liabilities 41,939 jj
Total Liabilities ~ .. . .$3,148,814 80
INCOME. *• " . '
Net cash aetnally received^ for Mr*
premiums 12.242.023 W
Received for Interest on Bonds and!
Mortgages ....... - 173 OQ
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks,' Loans, and
from all other sources M.223 jwi
Received for rents 27.522 M
Received from all other sources.... 83.863 89
Total Income .$2.4X8.819 M
EXPEND1TUR1S9. ¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $247,667 81. losses of
previous years)-'. ; $1,100,843 Bft
Dividends to Stockholders 80,000 09
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 439.829 27
Paid for Salaries. Frf and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 153.244 03
Paid for State. National and Local
taxe* 00.609 43
All other payments and expendi-
tures 169.856 33
Total Expenditure .82.012.903 *5?
Losses Incurred durlnsr the year.. $1,174,143 6S
Risks and Premium*. IFire Risks. \ Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksl I , »
- written during . the
year $313,624,760 $3,243,033 67
Ntt . amount of Risks
expired during the
year ;.. I 284,809,504 2,707.120 40
Net amount In force
N December 31. 1902... 333.874.814 3.344,002 78
CRAS. A. SHAW, Prcst.
*-i. ; JO3. MeCORD. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* mo. this
26th day of January, 1903.,
CHARLES T. SHAW.
Commissioner for California tn N«w Tort ,
' STATEMENT
HOME OFFICE
——OF THR
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
VB THE
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
*f\ F AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
plre of Germany, on the 31st day of
December, A. D.. 1902. and for the year end-
Ing on tbat day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, ' pur-
suant «o the provisions of. sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by tbe Commissioner- . .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Ca«h "... • $450.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $9M.1S3 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.,. 1.782,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ,„
and Bonds owned by Company. . 2.166.083 S2
Cash in Company's Office .5i'°j2 ?i
Cash in Banks 628,068 13
Interest due and accrued on all „„„„.,
Stocks and Loan* 34,807 W
Pre'mluxns In dua Course of Collee- ,.¦- -
tlon '.... 608.168 13
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 203.1S7 73
" Total Assets '. .M»6.302.476 28
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid; losses
In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense: losses resisted, lnclud- „,__. _,
ing expenses <347,750 Tl
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, re-lnsur-
1 ance 50 per cent: gross premium*
on Flr« Risks running more than - . -
one year, re- Insurance pro rata. 2.2O.1.4M 89
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. S62 60
All other Liabilities 612.661 77
Total Liabilities . . :.'. . . : $3,164,438 87
i-:'-'T!2 7 . ...- ¦ . 1 — — —
INCOME. " ¦
Net cash actually received for_ _
Fire premiums -'. I2.87S.B31 51
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 77.619 31
Received for Interest and dividends
. on Bonds. Stocks. . Loans, and
from all other sources 74.1JS2 20
Received from all other sources... 85.167 23
Total Income ................ .t3.115.490 36
. EXPENDITURES. - -
Net amount P"l« '°r ™ r * Losses
(Including $77,823 90. losses of
previous years) 11.859,977 4S
Dividends to Stockholders 338,540 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or %
Brokerage 498.877 41
Paid for Salaries. Feea and other
• charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 823,787 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ¦.:;...;-...........-....... 27;008 94
All other payment* and expendl- •- .. •--.-
n tures 126.170 69
Total Expenditures ..$2,674,362 21
Losses Incurred during the vear.. $1.421. 107 00
Risks .& Premiums. Flr« Hlsks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .- • •
written during the
year ...... .... $2,604,661,760 $5,156,131 82
Net amount of Risks
¦ expired during the
year................ 2.433,481,793 4.813,523 62
Net amount In force ¦ ¦¦ • . - .
December 31. 1002. 1.633.519.333 2.867.216 04
ROBERT VON OORSCHEN.' Tr—L
FRITZ 8CHROEDER. O«nL Mgr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of June. 1903.
V » FRANKLIN BEATJDRT.
> ' • . • '• . U. S. . Consul.
MCSICAL IXSTniTMKXTS— Con.
KtlHLER & CHASE. 3o'o : Farre7l St.; largest
ftr.d o'.degt p!ano house.
MAGNIFICENT Knal*. 3-pedal upright piano
Et great lose; leaving city. «20 O'Farrell et.
BHST renting piano Jn city for $3 per month.
PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO . &60 Hayes ft.
BA-RGAIN: eocxi upright; iri"=t be sold at
PCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister Ft.
'BOHMEn? B>-ron Maury plan s. Ceciltcn ptano
player. BYRON MAUZY. :;0S-312 Pott Et.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. o\i and new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, repsirer. " I^atham r'»'*<-
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET-
ONE or two email offices, centrally located,
furniEhed cr unfurnishe.1. suitable for flret-
class etenographer. Box 4902. Call office.
fcTORE with large basement: near Kearcy et.
See owner. <Xai Cl«y gt.. room 1.
. SANSCME. 712. n»-ar Jackson— Handsome large
ftore to let cheap.
PCnSOXAlA
A—FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED. ™
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby t>k!n. birthmarks,
•mallpox pitting* and tears scientifically re-
moved without cutti'ic. ma5sase, electricity cr
medicine: special dfmfnst rations this week.
C&U or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
• t borne by a painless tiome treatment: in-
tforeed end used bv leading phyEicians; corre-
spondence strictly corflientlal: in plain, sealed
envelope; rail cr write to-day. India Drug
f^Jre. 201 Turk Ft.; I-sruce D. KlmrrUs. Mgr.
WANTED — JW men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall, blank for rtarap); consultation free;
F:30 lo «. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
OARLOW. room 218. 897 Market.
THE Star Hair Rrmfdy restores gray hair, lm-
rrovet its prowtb; stops f&i!!ng,cures dandrult
and itching *calp: no etain or stickiness;
cleanses sculp: at drugrlsts". halrdrefsers' ;ac-
cept r.o FubftUute. Star Remedy Co.,3ts5Geary.
NOT tow cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the ir.anufecturer* of the Rapid Rbtary
Ptanfiard. ihe eewing-machlne of to-day. J
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market et.
PHTSIC1AN. 15 year*' experience, cures per-
raenently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 2il Grant ave..
coraer Sutter «t. ; tee moderate.
RAG carpets wove to order and for uale: also
chenllle-wove rocs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twin*. In hank or chain, at lowest
j-ates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth sC. Oakland.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday eveninge at Teutonla Hall. Howard
m.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT less than coet. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LTONS", Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT eults on easy Installments; 50 cents
er-fl up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
kft rt.. between Severth and Eighth.
BUREAU of Practical Information— Formulas
and recipes lor everything. Room 12. 531
Kearcy 6t.
CUITt? to order on installments. Jl per week.
Neuhaus A Co.. merch.tallors.727-723 Market.
'ALL styles hairdresEing. 25c; hair poods; r.ar.i-
curtng 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE eult S" 60; dress par.ts $2 M.
MleSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
6t"PERFLUOrS hair and moles removed by
•lectrtc needle. Dr.tMrs.Traverse.llTOMarket.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs, '
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its r-aturai color; Jl: at all drupgUts.
Euperfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. &¦ Miss Eaton, 1118 Sutter.
VARICOSE vein? and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write fcr testimonials. Dr. WILL-
TAM? CO.. 140 r>arv Ft . S. F. ' '
nOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
AT Mayflower; cut rates cow lor cummer. 308
Sd et. : $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
GOrGH, 706 — 2 or :: unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny corr.er; quiet; adult.
EARTLETT. 413. near Twenty-fifth — i large,
sunny rooms, gas and bath. $14.
HERBERT <The) — Bur.ny apartments for
houeekeeplr-p; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk et.
JESSIE. C33 — Larpe sunny fioat room, furnish-
ed housekeeping: pas range; *12 month.
LINDEN ave.. :»*2 — 2 or 3 r.ice. clean, sunny
housekeeping rooms; every convenience.
MINNA. 2C>6. corner Third— Housekeeping room
to Itt.
itSJiaOX. S45— Furrished rooms for house-
k-r'^-.t.n: nice yard for children.
STOCKTON. 12C<i — Model house: new furnished
noust-keep'.ng rorir.s: $5 and $12.
TAYLOR. 1)11 — t-unr.y housekeeping room: fold-
lr.s bed: e?s rang*: f*; single room, $7.
TlilP.TEENTH. 207. above Howard— 2 large
front rooms, furnished complete housekeep-
ing: gas range; $10.
TWENTT-THIKD. near Dolores — Sunn>
bay-wifUow furnlsbed room; nice, neat; com-
plete for housekeeping. Apply ::72*i Twenty-
third St.
VALENCIA. 1^7 — Three large, sunny rooms,
lumished complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance front .:nd back, with bath e.rA gas;
Bo err.all children; r«-r.t $22 60.
ROOS1S TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
A.A. — City Room Renting Agency.
• 1JO4 Market et.. cor. Turk and Market «t«..
lu*.r..t 2 and *. Phone Jessie 4471.
FP.EE FREB
We locate you free cr charge
la Rooxni with cr without board,
Kcustkecpir.s Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STKAM
HEAT AXD TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 7.'.c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— BRUNSWICK Hcufe. 148 Sixth— Rooms
26c to Jl per r.ight. f 1 25 to $5 per week, and
l:ght housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." t73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. t;5c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
tl fcO to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg. : strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 689 Port.st-
EURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.Uhed rooms, suites. Ficglt; also furnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
?umithed eunny rooms; reasonable.
FILBERT. £22 — Sunny front furnished rooms;
Eranisa family.
FOURTH. 225— Nice eunny front room; also
single roome. -.-..;
GEARY, 402— Furnished eunry front rooms,
with cr without kitchen; $2 60 to $5 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to fl 60 night; f2 to t6 week; reading-room.
J1OTKL Ft. Vincent. Ml Ftxtb— New house,
newly furnished rooms, (1 week up; also
FUitf«. - ' . J ¦¦
LARKIN. 819 4 — Large, runny front room; use
piano If desired; $15 i>er month.
MART, £0. near Fifth— Front room. ?2 a week;
. Fide room. $1 00 week. ... ; <
MASON. 303^. near OTarrell— Upstairs nicely
• furnished rooms. -.-...
O'FARRELL, C9 — Bunry furnished rooms and
offlcee; »>le\-ator: elec. lights: day. week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlrg-rocm. eznoklnff-room and ladles' par-
lrr; rooms per night. 35c to |1 50; week. $2
to f&; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
f.aor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with use of bath;
J5 minute* from ThirA «n'4 Market st*. : north
iide ot Market; bandy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
'I'RK. 416. ¦'.'j.-ir.a — Beautiful sunny suites &
riagle; latest Impts; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market
— (00 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
nlrht ; fl 75 to f0 week; elevator, electric
light*; reafilnr-rooTn; free bus end batrgnge.
VAN NESS ave.. 6l» — Renovated; handsome'
-runny furnUhed «uite» Iront rms: mod. oonv.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 3d rt.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
. S5c to SI 60 night; J2 to fS week; elevator;
r>c. lights: rea41nK-room:,freebus : baggage.
BOOMS AXD BOARD.
p* »ARD at « cozy, prettily situated ranch, close
to city, perfect climate; no children: being
hfeh *nd dry: Fpetially adapted for those euf-
Xerlng from rheumatism or lung trouble. Ad-
«3re/s box S4. Funol. Alameda County.
A MOT. THE »01 DEVISADERO 8T.
Strictly nrst-€la«« faroSly hotel; eunny rooms,
eulte cr cingle; billiards; steam heat. '
VAN NESS, 1714— Select private boardlng-
house; rooms cinitle or en m'.te; deslrabl* lo-
raticn: all conveniences of borne.
OLD Btevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,*
with annex. 807 California et. — Attractive ln-
jerlor: exceptional table; tr** billiard -room.
' '*TAV1A. 6OJ, between H«yej« and McAlllBter"
"—Rooms. fl> up: tKiard $.{ BO p*>r week.
TABLE board in family hotel; very cheap. C.
P. H.. bcx 1S30. Can:
THE JOHNSON. 605 CFarreH «t— Sunny
««ttea asd elnele rooms, with board; refa.
."- ¦ * ¦ ¦ . ¦ ., *••"/ ••¦-•.' ; I
Mission, street, between Fifteenth and Slx :
teenth. Cremation I. O. O. F. : Cemejery. •
STAMBAUGH— In ¦ this f city, July 22, 1903.
) Mary ; Stambaugh; dearly beloved wife . of
George Stambaugh, beloved daughter of
Mary, and the late Jchn .Lacoste. ami sister
of Thomas. Bernard. Rosa and Lizzie Lacoste
and Mrs. George .Lewis, .a -. native of San
- Francisco, aged 27 years 1 month and 12 days.
VEITCH— In Brockway. Ca!., July 19. '1903.
Kate Ardagh.'.beloved' daughter of Richard
M. and Zellah Veitch. and sister of I. Ed-
ward Veitch, a native of Newark, N. J., aged
15 years. " . . .. '. v . '• ¦' :'¦¦'••
% tb^Notlce of funeral' hereafter.
WAGNER— In this city. July 21. 1903. Lydia,
beloved daughter of Fred and Frances Wag-
ner, and sister of Frances Wagner, a native
of San Francisco, -asrd 11 months and 22
days, -i ' . ' , •
. -.• lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully; Invited /.to attend the. funeral ¦ to-day
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from the resi-
.-• dence of her parents, 2825 Twenty-second
street.*. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. :-;
WELLS— In this city July 22, 1003. F. Mar-
lon Wells, beloved husband of Anna Wells,
and father of -Henry and Emanuel Wells, a
native of -Easton.'.Pa., aged 65 years.
WILLIAMS— In the City and County Hospital.
July 21. 1903, Lewis Williams, a; native of
California, ared 33 years. '-^s-/
' " : CARD OF THANKS.
' ,To the Bernal Lodge No. 18. A.^O. U. W.,
¦and friends of. Mrs; P. Golden: I truly thank
.'youcpne and; all for the kindness you have
-¦'¦ shown me In 'my recent trouble. Respectfully,.
:. '¦:¦¦<. ¦'.. . .-¦¦ MRS. P. GOLDEN. '
¦ native of San .Francisco, aged. 4 months and
' 28-. flays. - O .. •-' . ¦¦". >,..;' .- • -'.. . ¦ ; , ¦ • J
ARMBRUSTER— In this ..city. July 22, 1903,'
Sophia, dearly beloved wife of the late Adolph
Armbruster, , arid beloved mother of George
• W., Charles .J.,-Edwa^d^P.v-Rudl« H. and
¦ William " F. Armbruster, Mrs. John Gardner
and Mrs.' B. 'P. - -Wilbur." a' native of Clay
County, Missouri, ared 62 years- 4 months
and 6 days. (Reading, Pa., and New Orleans,
La., papers please copy.) ..-. -, . ¦ ;
. (t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t« attend the funeral Friday,
''¦at 11 o'clock, from her late residence,- 1516A
• Howard street. Interment^Oypresa Lawn
Cemetery. ¦ ,•-•¦
BOSTROM— in this city. July 22, 1903, Mary
' H., beloved wife > of .Peter" Bostrom, and
• mother of Mrs. Lizzie Janes, Mrs. Bertha
Nelsenand Charles Giesler. a native of-Ham-
v burg. Germahy/'aged 52 years 7"months and
£ days. ' • • . • ' ; - .-'"r?.
DE^B'UDGE— In this 'city, July i 22* 1003, at the
residence of his father, 125 Holly street,
""corner- "of" Creprent — nvemxe,— -Raymond De
Hudge, dearly beloved son. of William and the
late: Johanna De Budge (nee> Sullivan), a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months and 23
' ; days;'. >:. . 1 . .- : .. .;¦ --" >,\
DEMAREST — In Berkeley; July 21, 1903, Lena,
wife of J. D. Demarest, mother of Ella Blan-
Q dlna' and Rei'naldo DemArest" a"nd sister of
Mlgs'Fahrenberg and O. W Lang, a native
of New Jersey, aged 43, years -and. 9 months.
(San Antonio, 1 , Tex., papers please copy.) .-.,
(CTFriends andrsacquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the 'funeral services
- Thursday; Jlfly 23/ at 2 o'clock, at St. Mark's
Church' .corner -of. Bancroft- way. and EUs-
worth street, "Berkeley. ; Cremation at Oak-
land Crematory.;- private. -^ .
DONAHUE-'lh this city, July 21. 1903, Helen
'.Dona hue,, a native of Ireland, aged 51 years.
DUNNE— In Frultvale, July 22, 1903, Jessie
Murray, dearly beloved child of Mrs. Annie
Murray Dunne, a native" of McMinnville,
- Or., .aged 3 years 11 months and"20 days.
ENOESTROM-^ln . this city. July 22. 1903.
Elisabeth.- relict of the late Fritz Engestrom,
a native of Sweden,- aged 81 years. (Boston
and Chicago papers please -copy.) .
' in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Frlday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted &. Co., 01K Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FALK— In Boise City, Idaho, July 22, 1303,
• Nathan Falk. : .
FLEISCHMAN— In this city. July 20, 1903,
John.- -beloved husband -of Anna Flelschman,
father of /Mrs. W. F. Rochester, and brother
of 1 Mrs. Vllllam Hessler and Charles and
George Fleischman, a : native of Goelhelm,
• Germany, -agtd 72 yeafs 5 months and 14
days. A member of Walhalla Encampment
No. 7, I. 'O.-O.- F. ; Harmony. Lodge No. 13,
1. O.-O. F., and Eureka Grove No. 4, Druids.
(New York .papers please copy.) .
KT Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t« attend The funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'Flock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
.where services will be held under the aus-
pices of IJarrnony Lodge -No. 13, I. O. O. F.
Interment. I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of the H. F. Maass Com-
pany. HI"' Mission- street.' . ., .. .
FRAZER— In this" city; July 21, 1903, Henry
C. ¦ beloved husband of Belle C* Frazer, and
brother' of Miss 1 Susan' C. Frazer .'of. Lan-
. caster. Pa." Reah Frazer of the U/ S.'.N. at
-Philadelphia, Pa., and Wilson Frazer. of
' Philadelphia, Pa.; a native of Pennsylvania,
aged S3 years 4 months and 3 days. The de-
censed was a member of Franklin Lodge No.
fctll-F. an*»A. M., or PltUburg, Pa,; Sacra -
mento Royal Arch Chapter No. 3 and Sacra-
. mento Council No. 1, Royal and Select Mas-
ters, cf Sacramento, Cal.. "and Golden Gate
' Commandery ' No. 16 of San Francisco '¦- and
. Islam Temul*. Mystic Shrine. .
tO"The services will" be held under the
¦ auspjeejs of Golden Gate Commandery No. 16. :
' Friends- and acquaintances are: respectfully
invited to'attend the funeral services Thurs-
day. July 23, at 3 p. m., at the chapel of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GEARY— In i this city, July 21. 1903. Henry
- Joseph, beloved ' husband ¦ of the late Jennie
F. Geary, father of -Harry J. and Thomas
Geary, and brother, of Thomas J. and Daniel
Geary, a native. \>f Boston, Mass., aged 42
yeart 4 months and 8 days. ., . . • * .
CTFiineral and interment private. •• •
GREEN — At 21 Kensington Palace Gardens,
London, England. July 4. 1903. Mrs. Mary
Ann Green, formerly of - San - Francisco. -.
GRIFFIN— In this city. July 21, 1903. Mary
L.' beloved wife of Frank D. Griffin, and
'mother of "Bertram; Griffin, and sister -of
John L. Ferris, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years 7 months and 21 days. A mem-
ber of Y. L. I. No. 3. • - ¦:.-.¦
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
, (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock," from her late
•residence. '3812 Twenty-second street, thence
.to St. James Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the -repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRISCHOTT— In this city. July 22, 1903,
George Lelahd. beloved son of C A." and N.
O. Grlechott;.a native of Stockton, CHI., aged
5 years .8 months and 23 days.
HANLON— In -this city. July 21, 1903. John,
beloved husband of Ellen Hanlon, and loving
father of W; ' J. Hanlon of Stockton, Cal.,
Philip N.;* Robert D.'.and- Katie Hanlon. Mrs.
T. F. .Gre'aney. Mrs. C. "DT Boehm and the
late John J.. Edward D. and Henry P. Han-
lon. p~ native -of County Wicklow, Ireland,
aged 85 years 'and 7 months. (Calaveras pa-
pers please copy.)
C7Tlie. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
i dence, 001 Seventh street, thence to St. Rose's
Churi'h, where a' solemn requiem mass (will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com- ;
I menclng at i»:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
HARRINGTON— In this city. July 22. 1903.
William, beloved son of Mary and the late
Duniol Harrington, and bicther of James and
Hosie Harrington and Mrs. William Ward, a
native of £an Rafael. Cal.. aged 31 years 11
months and 17 days.
KREfE— In Aiameda. July 21, 1903, John L..
beloved husband'of Anna' L. Kreye, and de-
voted father of Lizzie Kreye, a native of
Meinburg. Germany, aged 51 years. A mem-
ber of Hannoveraner Vereln. (Sacramento
papers pleaso copy.)
JCy Friends* and acquaintances are respect-
~-fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
/(Friday).- at 10:30 o'clock,. from his, late resl-
f dence, 827 Taylor avenue, between Eighth
' and Ninth streets, Alameda, and thence by
slectric. funeral: car. leaving root of Market
street at 12:45 o'clock to Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery for Interment. . •
LAYDEN— In this city. July 22, 1903. William
H.. beloved son of Michael Layden, and
brother of James.- Charles and .Walter Lay-
den and Mrs. J. F. Crummey, a native ot
San Francisco/, aeed 30 years.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlor* of. Carew&rEngllsh, 29. Van
Ness avenue. . ; ' '
LYONS— In Loc Angeles/ July .19. 1303, Cath-
erine M., dearly btloyed daughter of Mrs.
¦ Annie Lyons nnd the Inte Richard J. Lyons,"
and sister of Richard J. Lyons, Mrs. W.' T;
Grubb and' Mrs. J. Kenny, a native of San
Francisco. . » ....
C^"Kii< nilF and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'altend the funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente,' Marini- & Co.. 1521 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green, thejice
to St. Francis Church, Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, .where a requiem high
¦. mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
. roul, commencing ¦ at 9 Vclock. Interment
.Holy Cro*a Cemetery. ¦ • • • ¦
MrtVER— In this cltyi July 22. lf>03. Margaret,
beloved. wife qf Louie- Mclver, and mother of
Lcvina Wiley. anatlv«.of San Francisco,
aged 41 years 5 months and 10 days.
. CTFrl#nd« and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden
Gate avenue.i between Polk and Larkln
streets. - Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.-
MALONEY — In this city, July 20> lSWJ. Den-
- nls, beloved brother of John T.. Michael and
j Timothy Maloncy and Mrs. P. Kenny, a na-
: tlve. of County Cork.. Ireland, aged 24 years.
*¦-,"' E/IKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend" the funeral to-day
v--(ThuTsday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
it of 'J. C. O'Connor &.Co., 767 Mission street,
tWhce to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
. Will be 'celebrated for the repose "ot his 80U i
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL-^In this city, July. 21, 1903, An-
nie,, dearly beloved daughter of; John and
Kate O'Ccnnell. and slater of Julia. Joe. Jeff,
, Dan, Alice. .Eddie. Willie and May O'Con-
.nell, a .native of San. FrancUoc, . aged .23
ywlrs 5 months and lft days. ,
fcTPrjends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .'invited to '.attend the- funeral to-day
.(Tliursday), at ,8:30 o'clock., from the resi-
dence of her parents. SO McLea court, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for, the. repose of her
soul at 9. o'clock. -Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .•."•; . . . '.
PIHL5JTROM— In this city. July 22, 1003, Annie
'flnlstrom, a native of Sweden, aged 32 years.
REARDON— In this city, July 22, 1803, Mary.
-¦beloved wife v of tho late Bartholomew Rear-
don, and sieter of Mrs. Margaret. Hollman.
Mrs.- • Johanna * Cavanaugh, * Thomas • and
Maurice Morlarty and th* late Margaretllo-
Kan. a native of County Kerry. Ireland, aged
fill years. -. ... . , * ..>- -»¦::,.
SMITH— In this city. July 19. 1903, Isaac Platt
Smith.* beloved brother of Albert C. William
and George K. Smith, a native of New York
«K£d 68 years a months and 20 days. ~<y-i;:
H iT7Frit'nds.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited - to ' attend , the- funeral services
¦ Sunday; July 20. 1903. at 10 o'clock.at the
. chapel, of .Charles H..J.'. Truman' & Co., '1909
|T~ "•» . N E *[*E^^fa E CITY "^^^l
I OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST r I
¦ James McGinn. ' ' "Henry Hansen. a
-. JAMES McOINN & CO.. v |
' -> .Formerly: With McGinn Bros.. . - I
' -^ — Funeral f Directors and "mbalmen I
'•' *. --^. 214 ' Eddy : Bt.;', Tel.* South 676. "» I
F. ' J.',i Monahan7 % ; President. „ " . , . ' ' !
JviONAHAN & CO.,
. j 5: (inc.) '"' ' : '• ' • f : '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMJTALMER8.
23S9-2311 Mission at. : Telephone Mission 3L
CBSARBERTHBAU, Manager- - - - - AliFRBD R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
. ; .. : , MARTIN RASCHBN and GUS MBSSINGER, City Agents.The schools. close in the beginning of June
and open again In the latter part of July. V As
so many families go to the country merely for
the benefit of their children, the result is that
around the Fourth of July holidays the resorts
and summer boarding-houses are taxed. to their
full limit to take care of the guests. 'During
the week following many return, which*con
tinues till near the month's end. This relieves
the holiday congestion and the | manyVwho
could not . be accommodated at that time can
easily be taken care / of from now on.
No time Is better lor an outing. In Marln,
Sonoma. Mendoclno and < Lake counties than
July. August and September. The evenings are
Invariably pleasant.>- There the- Ban Franciscan
can sit out in the open air tllllata, pleasure
he never enjoys at home. The water In the
rivers, streams and lakes are warm for bath
ing, and it Is a time when the fish bits most
readily, besides, till the end of 'August in the
open season for deer in Sonoma. County and
until the end of : September In . Mendoclno
County. t
Thue who could not be accommodated over
the holidays, and those who can now get away
from business, ' can easily -find "a* location^ for
their ' outing by .consulting • "Vacation - 1903,7
Issued by the California Northwestern . Rail
way. Hotels, 'resorts, homes- for summer
boarders, and- camping spots are all given In
this book, together with • the surrounding*,
terms, etc. To be procured at the company's
offices or in answer to a' 1 mall. request.' •
Service ' lien O rganize.
The Service '-Men .of the Snanish War
have organized for mutual' benefit, and for
perpetuation of. memories of the late war.
George C. * King, -i a native "son, was g a
Rough Rider with f Roosevelt ;at Santiago
and has many. Interesting experiences- of
the campaign. In^Cubav.to'i: relate. 'which
are illustrated.? by, :,more, than iqp««stere
oscopic' views of • unusual ¦. merit." ,He rWill
lecture ¦¦ \n l Golden.- Gate ¦ Hall, '625 Sutter
street, 'this evening.'".' * .' < V, • ".;¦. ';''.,' V
• Bank Stock paper is recommended by leading
oculists and opticians. "AH 'dealers sell It., •
Says i Charge t Is False.
S. ; Cahen,. proprietor : of a ;Montgomery
street cigar store," who i was charged, with
Ehrman- Bros.iand several • other >. ¦ cigar
dealers , by I the ' Havana Commercial Com
pany with breaking the State and Federal
laws .by- selling ! an r lmitationlor r a .brand
of.; cigars, : denounces .the charge': as | fal«ie
and malicious.-:. Yesterday, he- filed; a : suit
for- $25,000 damages against* the -company.*
"That would be a very serious loss to
the shipbuilding company/, and , it ' is con
ceded ; by the j bondholders ( to « be I a i very
undesirable and unfortunate thing should
a ; receiver take possession. The trust
company, under the terms ' of \ the \ mort
gage, is entitled to , have , a receiver ap
pointed. but r has not ' requested* such* ap
pointment^ because* it recognizes* this lease
and the fact that the interests of all' con-'
"It is reported that an ex parte applica
tion was made to the court here to recog
nize Mr. Smith as receiver, but the court
refused to take cognizance of the .matter
at all in the absence of a regular applica
tion. The receiver, soon after he -was •ap
pointed,' gave notice'to. terminate the
lease between; the Union Iron -Works and
the United States Shipbuilding Company,
which would; be .disastrous, 'because, If a
receiver were . appointed - the ; Goyernment
could repudiate the contracts now exist
ing for the building of warships or. enter
in possession and finish" the contracts
Another gentleman who has : kept close
track of the case in the' East said: -
"Smith Is a former United States Sena
tor, from New Jersey, and obtained' the
appointment through his political friends.
Recently, lie made application -before 'the
United States .Circuit Court in Bath, -Me.,
to be placed in possession of the property
in Bath, but^United States. Circuit Judge
Putnam refused ..to recognize. hlm,wjthout
a better showing. On account- of. the ap
pointment .of this . receiver . the shipbuild
ing company r has made default; in pay
ment of its interest, .and at the. request
of, a majority of the bondholders the Mer
cantile Trust Company has; commenced
foreclosure proceedings in all the districts
where the property • of the' company is
situated. . . ¦ . ¦
"The-company. in turn, leased the,prop
erty to the Union Iron Works corporation
and all of the work that has been since
carried on there is In the name of the
Union Iron Works, which last named cor
poration Is perfectly solvent and making
money. By reason of the action of the
New Jersey court putting, in a receiver,
and taking the management and control,
of affairs t>ut of the hands of the' ship— '
building company the Mercantile Trust
Company, representing the majority of
the bondholders, came into c«rtirt for the
purpose of foreclosing' and saving the
money represented by the bonds. • •
• "The United States Shlpbuilding,;Com
pany has no interest whatever in the con
tracts made between the Union Iron
Works and the Government to build war
ships and other' work. -Those contracts
are this exclusive -property*of ¦ the Union
Iron Works' corporation v and cannot be
assigned. For 'this • reason the Union
Iron Works will oppose; the appointment
of a receiver over, its business, 'which is
owned exclusively by -itself. They sug
gest also that if a receiver should be ap
pointed, the United States Government,
through the ' President,' might ' intervene
and remove the' pending work"awayfrom
the Pacific Coast, which would 1 be a com
mercial- calamity."
SMITH REACHES FORTH.
this is that the United States Shipbuild
ing Company owned all the property of
the Union Iron Works in this State, and
that is all that they do own in this State.
He added: r , ¦ v v
MEN PROMINENT IN PRO
CEEDINGS AGAINST UNITED
STATES SHIPBUILDING COM
PANY. • ,
Ttf-morrow afternoon Referee Green, by
order of Receiver Wadsworth, win sell
4000 sheep belonging' to eppinger & # Co.,
subject to confirmation by, the court*
• The Grand Jury -will, meet to-morrow
afternoon and will then probably bring
in an indictment against Herman Eppin
ger.. 'i ,,.
The - beginning - of the examination of
the members 'of the bankrupt firm of
Eppinger & Co. is sqt for. to-day "at 10
a. m. before Milton J. Green, the "referee
in bankruptcy, in the Rialto building, and
somewhat interesting proceedings are ex
pected. * "
WILMINGTON, Del.. July 22.— At a
joint meeting here to-day the creditors
and officials of the Harlan & Hollings
worth Company and Receiver Smith of
the United States Shipbuilding Company,
who is also ancillary, receiver of the
Harlan & Holllngsworth Company, a
proposition was .submitted to the cred
itors that the .receiver continue the plant
as a going concern, applying the profits,
If any. to the payment of the concern's
obligations. The proposition was accepted
by the creditors. . • *
• "H-h-i-m-I' : ; ii i i,i 1 1 1 ih-h- e
EPPINGER EXAMINATION
IS SET FORC TO-DAY
Grand Jury Will Also Meet and Take
Final . 'Action Concerning In
dictment" of Partners. * , .
Creditors Consent That Receiver
May Operate Plant.
BUSINESS yriLL CONTINUE.
Cleveland and the battleship Georgia.
formal decree will be entered later.
WBIT IS ISSUED, j
A writ of subpena In ; conformity with
the prayer of the bill was issued. and the
defendants were ordered to appear in
court on the first Monday in September.
A gentleman who is conversant with the
history of the case said that the litigation
In the matter of the United States Ship
building Company began several weeks
ago, when a minority of the stockholders
complained that the Bethlehem works
were greatly overcapitalized, that no pro
vision had been made for the payment of
the bonds, that the money of, the ship
building company had been expended in
the purchase . of plants and that there
were no reserve funds for-ihe purpose of
carrying on the. business. They brought
an action before United States Judge
Kirkpatrlck In New Jersey to have a re
ceiver appointed to marshal the assets
and • to Btralghten up^ the affairs of the
company. '*'.V :
The distinction between that case and
It is also set forth that on. July 1,1903,
the semi-annual installment of interest
amounting to $400,000 became due and that
payment of the same was refused by the
United States Shipbuilding Company;
that the annual installment of $200,000 to
be applied to the redemption of the bonds
became due on July 1. 1903. and was re
fused payment by said defendant. Then
the bill goes on. to .say .that on June 30,
l«03. the United States Circuit Court for
the district of New Jersey, in a suit
wherein Roland R. Conklln and others
were plaintiffs and the United States Ship
building Company was defendant, ap
pointed James Smith Jr. as receiver, "by
reason of which appointment of a re
ceiver the right of the Mercantile Trust
Company to proceed with the foreclosure
of the deed of trust has become absolute
without waiting for a continuance of the
period of default."
It Is then alleged that the. United. States
Shipbuilding Company has become In
solvent and unable to pay its obligations.
It is stated further that on August 11.
190** the company defendant leased to the
Union Iron Works all its property in Cal
ifornia. .
The complainant prays that the mort
gage or deed of trust may be decreed to
be a Hen upon all the property men
tioned; that the United States Shipbuild
ing Company and Receiver Smith be de
creed to pay to the. petitioner whatever
sums may be due upon the bonds, with
all costs and expenses, and In default
may be barred and, foreclosed from, all
equity of redemption or claim of any of
the property; that the__property may be
sold under a decree of the court, and that
the master appointed to make the sale
may be directed to execute a deed of con
veyance; that the United States Shipbuild
ing Company, the Union Iron Works and
Receiver Smith may be commanded at the
option of the purchaser either to Join in
a <leed or to execute a deed of conveyance
to such purchaser covering the property
described in the deed, of trust; that a tem
porary order be made restraining the de
fendants and all other persons during the
pendency of the^case from selling, trans
ferring or disposing of any of the prop
erty; that subpena be issued commanding
the defendants to appear before the court
to answer, and for such other and further
relief- as may seem just and equitable.
DEFAULT IN" PAYMENT.
gage five per cent sinking fund gold
bonds, series A, each for the Bum
of flOOO, amounting to $16,000,000, pay
able in gold coin on July 1. 1932,
in New York City, with interest thereon
at five per cent, and that the defendant
ship building company on the same date
delivered to the Mercantile Trust Com
pany a mortgage or deed of trust con
veying the docks, yards, plant and other
property now belonging to the shipbuild
ing company and formerly owned by the
Union Iron Works in San Francisco to
gether with its property in other States.
The bill recites also that one million and
a half face value of the bonds are held
by the . United States Shipbuilding Com
pany.
When the case of Ix> Kim Sing, charged
Trlth the murder of Chung Chet last Jan
uary, vras called before Judge Cook yes
terday Attorney Gould said the defendant
vras iiyins at the County Jail, and he
ssked that the case de dismissed or the
defendant admitted to bail before death
¦claimed him. Assistant District Attorney
Aehe opposed the request, and the Judge
continued the case till Monday.
Murderer Said to Be Dying.
When ycu get a fountain pen that suits
your hand. One that writes without any
shaking or coaxing. We have them at
prices irom $1 to J5 each. Money back if
rot satisfactory- Kanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
Pen Troubles Disappear
Complaint has been made to Captain M.
O. Anderson of the Mission police district
that bicycle riders have been violating the
city ordinance by riding on the sidewalks
on Market street, between Valencia street
aud Van Ness avenue. The street be
tween 1 those two points is roughly paved
rrtth basalt blocks, so the wheelmen re
sorted to the smooth sidewalks. Yester
day offlcers were detailed in citizens'
clothes to catch the offenders. They ar
rested seven.
Caught Riding on Sidewalk.
The party spent about three weeks on
the trip and every one had a splenaid
time.
The mean of the barometer reading was
17.6W Indies. The average level In this
City is approximately thirty inches. From
comparison with known altitudes the
scientists were aide by computation to fix
the height of the mountain at 14,552 feet.
This was a verification of Professor Lang
lej^s estimate. The altitude of the moun
tain is given in most atlases and school
geographies as 14.900 feet.
Professor Halleck's Inscription telling
of the fact that water will boil at
1&6 4 degrees at that particular point was
found on the very top of the mountain.
Exclusive of a few pealts in Alaska,
Mount Whitney has a greater elevation
t rifln any other point In the United States.
McAdie states that from, the summit he
was able to look down on the lowest land
in the country.
Professor Alexander G. McAdle returned
yesterday from an expedition to the Sierra
Nevada. During the course of the trip
the meteorological expert, la company
with several other scientists, made an
ascent of Mount Whitney and measured
its height aixyve sea leveL The results of
McAfiie's work are of great scientific
value, In that the question as to the exact
altitude of the mountain is now estab
lished beyond a doubt. The trip was a
hazarodus one and was attended with
mar.y difficulties.
The ' Weather Bureau official, in com
r>ar.y with Joseph Le Conte, Dr. G. K.
Gilbert of the Geological Survey and near
ly 230 members of the Sierra Club, pro
ceeded, to Yisalia about the first of July.
The party advanced to Kaweah River,
thence over the Sierra and down Coyote
Creek to the base of Mount Whitney. Mc-
Adie and L<e Conte took two delicate mer
curial barometers and made the ascent
to the summit.
The bill sets forth that on August 11,
1902, the United States Shipbuilding
Company executed 16,000 of its first mort-
the legal battle was fired. The
Union Iron Works and the United States
Circuit Court are the strategic points, the
Iron works being the only property In this
Federal jurisdiction.
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday morning, E. S. Pillsbury and Wil
liam M. Green filed a bill in equity on be
half of the Mercantile Trust Company Of
New York against the United States
Shipbuilding Company of New Jersey,
James Smith Jr. of -New Jersey as
receiver, the Union Iron Works of Cali
fornia and others for a writ of injunction
restraining the defendants from selling or
disposing of any of the property % of the
company. '.' v
THE commotion In the affairs of
the United States Shipbuilding
Company has reached California
and ye3terday the first shot in
Mountain's Exact Altitude
Is Established by
Observation.
Professor Me Adie Gives
Answer to a Hard
Question.
Prospect That the Government May Complete the
Contracts for Building the War Vessels Now
Under Way in the Harbor of Sari Francisco
In Case x>f Strike Young
Would Run Cars r
or ¦"Bust'' " ; '"
Brown 7 Bros. ' ¦ Representative
¦ Testifies at : f Arbitratioif
Proceedings. v;v>: '
cerned would be better conserved by al
lowing the Union - Iron Works to do its
business in the usual manner." ... '.
MAINE JUDGE GRANTS DELAY.
Receivership . Decree -Postponed Un
'; ' til SMds Arc Finished. ./ ;
PORTLAND; Me., July. 22.-^At the close
of the hearing in the* United States Cir
cuit' Court to-day oh' the J>ill in •'equity
brought by Roland, B.Conklin and others
against the United States Shipbuilding
Company for the appointment of James
Smith Jr. of N"few Jersey as ancillary re
ceiver of the company for the Maine dis
trict. Judge Putnam • intimated that he
would enter a decree that the Bath Iron
Works and the Hydge Windlass Company
of Bathbe allowed to complete their con
tracts before being turned over to the
receiver. The Bath company, has several
large contracts on hand, including * the
construction of the United States cruiser
HIS OWN WORDS
CONDEMN HIM
Mme. Adelina Pattl. calculates that she
has earned more than £1,000,00) by her
exquisite singing.
After a weary, time on s the -witness
stand Secretary .Wil?butt . of the"- United
Railroads was "excused "yesterday _by E.
J! Livernash, and David Young was next
called to. testify in the arbitration pro
ceedings now pending between -the Car T
men's Union and the street car'corpora
tion. .-¦ V ¦ ; il! :•?•;!?
Jtoung'represents Brown Bros, .of New
York .and has-been In California • eight
weeks. Inspecting the property and wait-
Ing to give his .testimony, in the case.'
He said thr.t, he was 54 years of age and
had had a«rtJVf>- experience.: with the con
struction < aridi. operation* ", of- .street cars
from* 1803 .tq*1900. :^He was.: during that
time manacerfof theK North Jersey Rail
way system of 265 miles. He? had charge
of thousands of f platform men. He' con
sidered, that' stfeei car employment was
one of the .hea!thi?tet j . occupations In the
world.^ largelyj because the woj?k wa.s out
of doors. - He. did, not consider that eleven
hours' , labor for a platform man was
too much,' daily,', or. was. a menace to' a
man's health. '• .', >' . '.-'¦ :*•••' '
WOULD BUN- OR "BUST."
-i Young then stated that^the wages -of
carmen, on the New Jersey system aver
aged "about J2 a day. He felt- positive
that a- supply "of men 1 could be procured
from thp Kast at any time who' would
be willing to "work for less money .than
the schedule which I the '.carmen of. San
Francisco were working under. He was
very .emphatic. about trade. unionism, and
said- he thought the unions had np right
to interfere in any wayi| should there be
a strike and -he attempted to get Eastern
men -to run the .cars.. ..' <>\ . ¦ ¦ '- . ' •> '
."Well, what would 'you >do in . a case
of .that kind— put "policemen on; the cars?"
Livernash. 1 asked. ;¦ 7 '.'. " ,:• \. ..>
-'."You bet we /Would have policemen ;On
the. cars and. we would run -those cars or
'bust.' if I had anything to do with' it."
replied .Young, j , . ' . '•
.Continuing, Young said he knew Easi
ern ir.en were available as carmen be 1 
cause \ a. Mr.; Ramsey, "an official of the
street-car company in New Jersey, had
told hlm:recentlv that had had 4260
applications "for positions during the last
year.' "-.¦¦ ¦;¦¦ . -, v. •- .. ¦ . ' *- , .
THE ''FLOATEB," BUGBEAR.*
Toung thought a. graduated scale of
wages; was best for street car men,' as it
guarded the- company • from, "floaters,"
who went->from city to city, stealing from
corporations; and only e worked until -. they
were detected stealing. He, thought," how
ever, -.that- any ordinary man could run
a street car-all right'in three days, j
Being asked by , Livernash about a fair
day's', pay,; Young said : he considered the
right .way to estimate a man's value in
the labor-market was to- average the
pric« paid carmen in a locality about the
same' as the place in dispute. Aand. then,
estimate the cost of living. That , he
deemed the right way to arrive at the
real value of a man. . •
Th« case will be resumed this : morning:
at 10 o'clock, when David Young will be
again cross-examined by Llvernash.. . .
Whitelaw Flcrunders at
Mercy of Pitiless
Inquisitor.
Bernard D. "Whitelaw had a bad hour
of It on the witness stand in Judge Cook's
court yesterday afternoon, when he was
given an opportunity to try to clear him
self of the charge of being one of the
three thugs who assaulted Mrs. Mathewa
and robbed the house at 543 Halght street
on the afternoon Of March 4. His expla
nations, given glibly enough on the direct
examination by . his attorney, W. S.
Barnes, were so thoroughly punctured by
the searching cross-examination of Dis
trict Attorney L. E. Byington that the
accused thief stood practically condemned
by hls'own'words.
By the severe grilling to which he ttos
put,- by the- prosecuting attorney it was
developed; that persons whom Whitelaw
claim to be able to clear him from the
charge " for which he is being tried have
cither' slipped his memory altogether or
have: not been subpenaed on account of
absence from the State. Upon being cor
nered, the accused was forced to admit
that two individuals -who misrht assist
him in establishing an alibi are now in
the City Prison, one under the charge of
murder.
Whitelaw took the stand in his own be
half with a. confident air and rattled off
an easy tale, which was to prove that at
the hour when the cowardly assault was
made upon Mrs. Mathews he was two
miles from the scene of the crime— at
Third and Townsend streets station in
fact, on urgent business for his father.
On Murch 2, the day upon which the po
lice say he visited the home of Mrs. Tut
le and her mother. Mrs. Mathews, Whlte
aw sciifht to prove that he was busy es
ortins his mother and sister to the San
¦a Te train at Point Richmond. He de
ilared that he did not return to the city
intll* afier' 12:30 o'clock, the hour when
he is alleged to have helped rob Mrs.
ruttle; ljut Mrs, Mabel Kearney of 1203
gutter street, who accompanied "White
law end his people to Point Richmond,
sai'J under oath that they returned at 11
o'clock.
. On the day on which the assault took
place Whitelaw told a story which was
torn to • shreds ' by the cross-examination
of Attorney Byington. He said . that in
the morning , he went to the room of a
party" to get a suit of clothes
for another "certain party," who lived
on O'Farrell.' street, between Hyde and
Mason. Under the whips of Byington's
searching cross-examination the squirm
ing witness was forced to disclose the
fact that the "certain party" for whom
he procured the clothes was Ned Lupton,
alias Milton, now awaiting trial for the
murder ; of 'James Gilleece, the aged sa
loon-keeper, on April 14, and that the
other "certain party," whose name he had
forgotten.' was also in the City Prison at
the present time. y> '•:
At .., the .hour upon which the assault
took> place Whitelaw was. according to
his own statements, trying to find a myth
leal James Hesslewood at the Third and
Townsend streets depot. He claimed that
three reliable witnesses could testify to
the: fact that he was talking to them
there. To refute this Attorney Byington
produced the affidavit which Whitelaw
had sworn to • in his efforts to have " his
trial . postponed until July 20. This affi
davit stated that the witnesses were then
outof the State, but would be In the city
to testify by that date. Upon being pressed
Whitelaw admitted -that he never saw
the men to warrant his statements in
the affidavit and did not even know their
names. - Thus Whitelaw's mainstay was
knocked from beneath -his feet
Ruby Grills retold her story as related
in J the testimony of the Docia Nolan
trial.. H. H.; Johnson, the real estate
dealer; Detectives Wrerr and Dinan Po
lice ': Officer O'Connell. Theodore Kytka,
the handwriting expert, and F. W. Prince
ticket agent for the Santa Fe. added their
quotas » to the 'testimony. The case will
go'before the jury to-day.
CLIMBS TO TOP
OF MT. WHITNEY
DOESN'T FEAR
TRADE UNIONS
UNION IRON WORKS MADE
DEFENDANT IN BIG CASE
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, TOLY^23j 1903.
14
¦¦¦.- ;:-;.; 3 ¦¦¦¦¦
'^§Hgl^M^es Great Offer— 1500 Samples
Japanese Matting— Rugs.
Pieces i yard square. — . -»^
Some at 1 2&c. Others at 20c. p
Worth 20c and 50c. . . i^-"-v ;
Pieces a large maker used as samples. Maybe ardozen to a
pattern. Naturally the best he had.
|i Season over, we bought them way under worth . (new patterns next
time to-day (second .floor). f Soft, pliable, unbreak-
able matting,- warp sewed and knotted, so it can t ravel.
-.-Splendid for rugs— maybe in the bathroom, kitchen, porch—^vhats
the matter witTi one'of them under the hammock, or two or four tacked
together to catch the scraps from your sewing? (Don t stick to the
matting, you know.) - .
A window full of I2^c ones. See, it.
T A nczv value. \ 'A Bargain.
Trimmed Hats 75c. Bathbrick 3j£c.
'A n/xti -br'ice Downstairs to-day.
Si ne<V price. First time— regular price 5?: to
g One little item sufficiently big to scour w ith; steel knives especially;
crowd Hale's millinery store to- wor th buying 2 or 3 to-day and tell-
day. $2 ready-to-wears; ¦ many j ng your friends about; at 3 X-3C.
worth more — marked 75c. Straws, —
braids; not many of a kind; 20 dif- Hale's make great , \
ferent styles to choose from; see ¦ °
them in the window this morning. . T OWel MOVC
Getting late for summer and rr»--A-,* i ,j U,, *,e > '
we're taking decided measures to Unexpected by US.
clear the way for fall stocks. No Now we spring them on you.
carrying over at Hale's. Huck towels — Turkish towels.
If you want a new hat, / Prices to command attention of
If you want a bargain, . smallest to largest towel users.
won't miss this. * Time to buy by dozens. Think of —
— : , Huck Towels, 6 l-3o each — Fine ab-
ftiA-Jnch ' sorbent cotton, with red borders and
u/4 mut fringe— 17x40.
Pihhnn 1Or Vff Hnck Towels at 7c — Good absorbent;
rciDDun iyt yu. lgx36 . plain whlta or red borders:
Brilliant taffeta — What a width! remarkable value.
What a price! Unusual? Usually it Turkish Towels, 15o— 20x48; great big-
would be .age a. yd. Think of it-4% n^» y d '^a? C tSSadf3Srtlff t Tow-
inches wide, in white, pmk, blue, els at 15c each,
with black lace striped edges; swell < — .
for big, beautiful sashes or bows on Shell PitlS.
children's hats: at ioc yd. -Just czu^U r Am kc
about enough to last through the OIieH L/OIUDS
day ¦ ___ Create stir.
Triple-Coated . ¦' "¦- „ But look at the litt!e P rfce » to "
v EnameiWare. Hairpins, ioc do»— Fine straight or
Prices Under Worth. '. Vass*rCoail»,10c—^waved or straight;
wears. Big display downstairs to- side Combs, 25o pair— 4 and 5 Inches
day. ' ._ long: narrow quill; firm teeth; shell
Bake Pans, 35c— 6-quart size; 2 side ° I L a ™, ber '
handles. % O Gee" Combs, 15c— To keep up all
DisH Pan.,' 90o— 10-quart size. \ «»e stray locks; at 15c
Coffee Pot, 69c — 3-pint size. figf JBfT *fflf
Wash Basin, 35c — 11-inch. vgg^^y f~~J\, j(jt/ x/Cgfc.^rf"^
Berlin Saucepan, 85c — 4-quart size, <^^^^ 4&t& &3?~ J Ti^^
Iiipped Saucepan, 43c— 3-quart size. />g/yv%,^^^
Windsor Dipper, 29o — 1-quart .size. "^*^^»n , -¦¦ . -**^
ADVEETTSEaEENTS.
33 STOCXTOZT STBSST.
Telephone Main 5522.
Our special sales are increasing our trad*
Immensely; good goods at low prlcea la the
motto that wins.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
Choice Creamery Butter, per sq. .40c
- An excellent quality. K*g. 45c
Kona Coffee, roast or ground, per lb 20c
Capt. Cook's Celebrated Reg. -0c
MASON FRUIT JABS : pts qts htah
45c S5e. hOf
Reg. 50c. 60c. 83c
IMPODTEO MACABONI, VERMICELU,
SPAGHETTI and A B C PASTE—
In 1-lb pkg 2 for 23c
New stock. Reg. 15c each
Le Covnt Mvshrooms, per tin 20c
Reg. 25c
SEEDED RAISINS, 1-lb pK& 3 lor. 25c
Century brand, good goods. Reg. 10c each
MANZANILLA OLIVES, per qt. . .20c
Good size, sweet and tenderi Reg. 25c
Yacht Club Sardines, 2 cans for . . . 25c
French Fish in OH. Reg. 15c eacii
HOLLAND HERRINGS, 7 tor 25c
All Mllcbener. Reg. Be each
ChicKcn Cock Whiskey . bot 75c, gal S3
Reg. $1.00 and $4.00
._ A brand that never disappoints—
HOLLAND GIN, per bot . . .' 7Sc
Reg. 91.00
For medicinal use — Our own importation
MARYLAND CLUB RYE, per bot . . 85c
Reg. $1.25. « Distillery bottling — some-
thing old and rare.
CLARET, per «al 40c
Reg. 50c. Usual quality, always reliable.
Our solicitors call for orders everywhere
in the city. AH goods delivered promptly.
To Our Customers and Friends;
Fire In our repository at Market
and Tenth streets the mornlns of
July 8 destroyed a portion of our
stock of vehicles. The main part
of our merchandise, however, is
stored In our warehouse at Fifth .
and Kin? streets and is uninjured.
All orders will be tilled with usual
promptness and business will be con-
ducted the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops i In the new bulldlns
on Tenth street are not Injured and
our manufacturing and repairing
are being promptly- attended to. <_-*•
For the present we haveppened a
temporary office at No. 1325 Market
street, between Ninth an* Tenth
streets. Telephone Private Ex-
change 634. , M .
We thank our friends for tha pat-
ronage given us heretofore and re-
ppectfully solicit a continuance of
the same.
<^TUDEBAKET?
ItROS.rPMPANY
HO. 1325 UABICT STREET.
¦-
i
BTtKu K WSK xat WBT _T^m
. JGU fFIiERJlir
msmimmssMEn
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|b.katschinski|
I PhiladcIpHa Shoe Co. |
a I07H1RD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. S
L; Adjciainff Call Building. r|
| Money Savers in School Shoes I
I VTe are selllnir this week a spe- I
I cial lot of misses' and children's H
I school shoes that we consider the u
1 greatest values at the price ever of- H
I fcred. c5
,' They are made up to look dressy B
3 and to wear well. We have them ¦
B in box calf or vici kid, either lace Q
i or bctton: made on stylish coin «
• toe last with solid extension soles- H
la shoe that will fit. wear and be B<
I comfortable. Prices reduced. SIZES P
I S'4 to 11, SJ.OO: sizes 114 to 2 H
I S1.25. Widths, C to E. H
I BOYS' SCHOOL SHOES I
g Another special inducement we B
tj are offering. Youths' and boys* P
n shoes at a price that will be a sur- n
I prise to you when you examine the 9
U quality. A shoe that was made to Q
ii pell for more money, but we bought Q
(j th^m at a sacrifice and will sell If
fa them at a price that will be a eav- Q
Lj ir.g to you. Boy.«' and Youths*
f| Genuine Caaco Calf Lace Shoes, coin
m toes and tips, heavy double exten-
|I *;ion soles: solid in construction and
K riressy in appearance. Special
M price— SIZKS JO to 2. O3c; e'zes
y % to vk. si.2o.
ft* ask- Ml l^»*li» iil3ri|| |Bf JOBSU^S*!
% SM^^Si
h We don't guarantee to lill coun-
3 try orders on sale shoes.
IB. KATSGKINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD ST., ¦ Saa Francixco.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS:
1 P^Wy -is to-days ' •
.]Sl II : " SALE- PRICE :
II lu ¦ fOir: - :
RP er$
• The 30c wrapper on >al« is exactly
-.''as pictured— pretty blue. and red. in
. ; white strip* designs— lined to "waist •
'- ' — flounced . and effectively, trimmed ¦
' with fancy braid; other days 75c.
HJ n Sale Price J
Q i c : $1.00 WRAPPERS I
! :QOW Sale Price
y° H Y $f:25 WRAPPERS
"These wrappers come in dainty
'•-Pinks 'and Blues,' cheerful ' Reds,
i . neat •Black, and < White -and .Navy'
.'¦/ Blue' stripe? designs—lined' to waist
¦ and flounced;. 'bishop -^sleeves; -soft
" -• turndown .collar ana v pointed 'girdle
i ! : : — narrow • ¦ ruffle* « give bolero effect
' •¦ ' front and ' back— neat • trimming • of .¦
'. fancy' braid. - 7: • ¦ - '• " : ;.. r.
0 ¦'/ "1 0 Sale Price i
P ' '. If $1:50 WRAPPERS
01.0 7 Sale Price: '
' P fry / $2.oo wrappers
: ; -<S 4 C fl -Sale Price $2.50
0 1 .0 U BLACK SATEEN .-¦'¦
/T :,, s f , wrappers^: \\
1 Made of.- fast - black 'mercerized
... ¦' sateen, • pointed . double bretelles ¦ ex-
tend over*" shoulder*— comfortable
. bishop . sleeives-^WIDE . SKIRT —
- deep flounces^-goodjtlzed hem —
. ..back formed ,«f 2 box plaits, held:
firmly at waist r : line -by a strap of
'¦ black sateen — tsott turned-down col-t '
- -.lar — lined- sleeves-^fltted ¦r.vest lln-: :
¦;-¦ Ing— collar -and* bretelles ¦, neatly
trimmed i with good, washable braid.
'?' 0 / ' /? QSa/e Price • )
ir'i'PF, $2.50 WRAPPERS ;
45W ¦-¦ Oii Sale Price S3 50 '
W / . O vf - DIMITY, OR LA WN
i-V WRAPPERS* - y -
v Beautiful designs,' exquisite co^rs. ,'
1 • - trlmmingjof fine . Val. "I-ace. T . .-; ¦-- >
AH our wrappers are; made so full'
and good and- are genuine comforts
' for - house ¦ wear; sl»es 34 |p 46. . •
-\VE GIVE TRADING STAMPS ON I
-'¦ : : • ;, •EVERYTHING.'. ' ' - ¦¦ '
<¦>, 1220-22-24 Mai»ket"8t.ii ;
1 /; Bet. Taylor rand'jonei. ¦ N